VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO 111.
FRANCE HAS
WITHDRAWN
OPPOSITION
Will No! Delay the Advance
of Kitchener's Forces
to Fashoda.
II Is Probable That Major Marchand
Will Consent to Retire to
Cairo.
Hie Paris Government No* Appears to Be Id
a Most Conciliatory Attitude as te Great
Britain's Marco ill the Nile,
6pecl«J rable to Tha Call and the New York
H»raJd. Copyrighted, I*9B. by Jimir Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, Sept. 19.—
The Figaro ttys
roorniog publishes
the following post
script to an article
by Marc Lantry
dealing with; the
question of Fasl)
oda:
"At a late hour a
surprising piece of
information is com
municated. It is to
tr;e effect that or
ders have been sent
to Marcrjand to
abandon Fashoda,
and that these or
ders were dispatch
ed through an Eng
lish channel."
Is ttys true, is it
possible ? asKs Fig~
aro.
LONDON, Sept. 18.
Frori) Cairo, and
fron) an entirely in
dependent source,
the Daily Mail
learns tr;at France
has assumed a con
ciliatory attitude
toward Great Brit
ian, and has de
clared tr;at t^e ex
pedition of Major
Marchand is quite
unofficial. T^e Sir
dar will offer to taX«
Major Marchand to
Cairo, and it is prob
able that the Major
will accept, and that
Fashoda will be
occupied by Egyp
tian troops.
ARGENTINA'S TRICK TO
CATCH CHILE NAPPING
Circular Note That Fails in Its Pur
—Both Nations Pushing
War ■ Preparations. -
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1*&8, by James Gor
don Bennett, i
VALPARAISO, Chile, Sept. 18.—Argen
tina's circular note instructing her repre
sentatives abroad to deny alarming ru
mors in connection with her differences
with Chilo, and to state that she is not
hostile to the general plan of arbitration
proposed by Chile, has not caused a cessa
tion of preparations of Chile to meet any
emergency. The note is regarded as a
trick designed to allure bankers to place
a new loan in Kurop. : f O r war purposes.
As evidence of this it is pointed out that
Argentina is pushing her war prepara
tions harder than <-v<t, in suite of such
peaceful declaration.
OPPOSITION HAMPERS
ECUADOR'S PRESIDENT
Seeking Now to Annul a Contract for
the Construction of a North
ern Railway.
PANAMA. Colombia. S*pt. 18.— Tho Her
aM's correspondent in Quito tH. graphs
that President Alfaro of Ecuador since
the meeting of Congress baa not been
Bleeping on a bed of roses. At overy step
he is Immpered by the opposition, which
has a large majority In the Chamber. The
opposition Is now exerting its <'(Tortß to
annul the contract granted to an Ameri
can (syndicate, headed by Mr. Harman, for
the construction of a northern railway.
The Government Is strong, however, and j
l« confident It will win. I
The San Francisco Call
ALLIED OGOINST ENGLAND.
Marquis Bauchamps and Ras MaKooo en > Negus Menelil^'s Prin
cipal General, Starting prom hjarrar, With a Large Force of
Abyssiniao Soldiers to JoiQ Marchand at Fashoda, on the
Nile.
REVISION IS
ATTENDED BY
DIFFICULTIES
General Zurlinden Sacrificed
Himself in Advocating
a New Trial,
Premier Brisson Secured Action Favor
able to Dreyfus Only After a
Long Struggle in the Cab
inet Council.
PARIS, Sept. 18.— The difficulties at
tendant upon securing a revision of the
Dreyfus proceedings may be gauged
from' the story now published that Gen
eral Zurlinden practically sacrificed
himself by advocating a revision of the
Drefyus case and that his change of
opinion is due to the strong feeling
which he afterward found among his
subordinates at the War Office.
According to newspaper accounts,
which are undoubtedly fairly correct,
Premier Bisson only got his way at
Saturday's Cabinet council, though
supported by eight of his colleagues,
after a tough fight against Qeneral
Zurlinden and M. Tillaye, the Minister
of Public Works, who were warmly
supported for three hours by President
Faure himself.
At the opening of the council, M.
Sarrien, Minister of Justice, stated his
views of the case at considerable
length, expressing his conviction that
a revision was necessary for the peace
of the country and expedient on the
ground that many of the documents in
the dossier appeared to be of doubt
ful authenticity, and above all, that
Colonel Henry's admission of forgery
threw suspicion upon all his evidence.
M. Sarrien, however, did not ask the
council to decide for or against re
vision, but only asked permission to
submit the matter to a commission, i
M. Faure opened the discussion. He
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1898.
I did not openly oppose a revision, but
j pointed out political and other objec
tions to the reopening of the case.
It is said that M. Brisson went so far
as to remind M. Faure of the constitu
tional limits to his function.
General Zurlinden admitted when he
took office that if he was not a Drey
fusite he at least had an open mind
and felt great sympathy for the Drey
fus family. A deep study of the dos
sier, however, had absolutely con
vinced him that Dreyfus was guilty.
Finally a division occurred in which
M. Faure did not take part. A semi
official note explains that General Cha
noine only had a conference with Presi
dent Faure after his appointment to
succeed General Zurlinden had actu
ally been signed. The decision of the
committee appointed to consider the
matter of revision will be no way bind
ing upon the Cabinet, which still will
have to decide the actual question of
revision.
It is reported, however, that a vessel
has already started for the Isle dv
Diable in readiness to bring Dreyfus
to Paris, and M. Brisson and General
Charioine are determined that nobody,
however high his position, will be shel
tered. Stirring events are regarded as
pending. General Zurlinden is credited
with the belief that there is a Picquart
mystery and it is believed that he fully
intended Picquurt should be prosecuted.
According to Colonel Picquarfs writ
ten statement to the Minister of Jus
tice, four secret documents were sub
mitted to the court-martial held in 1894,
behind the backs of Dreyfus and his
counsel.
It is reported that the Government
has selected Beabois, capital of the De
partment of Oise, as the most suitable
town in which to hold a rehearing of
the case.
Lie Soir says General Chanoine, the
newly appointed War Minister, told
friends that he regarded himself as a
sentinel, relieving another charged with
watching over the army's rights, and
intimated that he was appointed by the
Cabinet and he was not responsible in
the decisions of the council. He de
clared that should he see any attempt
or pretext a revision of the Dreyfus
proceedings to engage in maneuvers
against the army, he would immediate
ly resign.
The majority of Paris papers approve
of the Cabinet's decision, which is
looked upon as the first definite step
taken toward revision.
A few unimportant street demonstra
tions occurred last night.
Queer Delegation Arrives at Seoul.
YOKOHAMA, Sept. 18.— Advices from
Seoul say that nine Americans, nine Brit
ish, five Germans, three Frenchmen and
two Russians, who were engaged at
Shanghai as imperial guards, have ar
rived there.
Concerted Action Aguinst Anarchists
ROME, Sept. 18.— The Government has
proposed to the powers that interna>«'»»*l
action be taken against anarchists.
GERMANY YET
SCHEMING IN
PHILIPPINES
Evidently Clings io the Hope
of Sharing in Their
Disposition.
Doings of an Engineer in Investi
gating the Coal Deposits of
Cebu Reported to the Peace
Commission,
0 NEW YORK, Sept. 18.— The 0
0 Washington correspondent of 0
0 the Herald sends the following: 0
0 As an indication that Germany 0
0 has been scheming to share In 0
0 the disposition of the Philip- 0
0 pines, the authorities have 0
0 learned that, acting under In- 0
& structlons from Berlin, the Ger- 0
0 man commander-in-chief of the 0
0 Asiatic squadron has made $n 0
8 exhaustive Investigation of the 0
0 coal deposits of the islands. He 0
0 ' was assisted by a German engi- 0
0 neer, who had been temporarily 0
0 assigned to his squadron for the 0
0 especial purpose of locating 0
0 coal. The engineer conducted a 0
0 thorough Investigation, and his 0
0 report, which has been submit- 0
0 ted to the German Govern- 0
0 ment through Vice Admiral 0
0 Diedrlch, shows that the best 0
0 lignite deposits are located on 0
0 the island of Cebu, one of the 0
0 Viscaya group. 0
This information has been received
from one of the representatives of this
Government In Germany, and has been
considered of sufficient importance to
be presented to the Peace Commisslon-
erß for their consideration. Officials
with whom I talked to-day regarding
the matter admit that there can be
only one object which would lead the,
Berlin Government to direct such an
Investigation— a desire to extend Ger
man jurisdiction over the island which
has the largest beds of coal best
adapted for steaming purposes.
Such an island is Cebu, and reports
which have been received show that
lignite of good quality is found there in
large quantities. Germany would find
Cebu exceedingly valuable as a coaling
station, as it would not necessitate the
establishment of a coal pile at Kiao
Chou, which she recently obtained.
Aware of Germany's proceedings, the
authorities are taking precautions to
prevent the consummation of any plan
which will enable them to reach frui
tion. The Berlin Government, by the
reduction of its fleet in Manila Bay,
gave an indication of its desire to re
main on friendly terms with this Gov
ernment. While regretting the main
tenance of such a large force at Manila,
no protest was made by this Govern
ment, and the action of Germany in re
ducing its naval force was entirely
voluntary. The report made by the
German engineer explains to the offi
cials why the German vessels were
steaming among the islands.
President McKinley does not propose
to permit Germany to acquire any of
the Philippines or permit Spain to dis
pose of an inch of territory in the far
East. Under the instructions which
have been given to the American Com
missioners, they will demand of the
Spanish representatives reversionary
rights in the islands for the United
States, and an agreement will be
reached which will give this Govern
ment a voice in the disposition and
government of the islands in the future.
The battleships Oregon and lowa will
start for Manila via Cape Horn and
Honolulu next Saturday or Sunday.
NO SQUADRON FOR
REAR ADMIRAL SCHLEY
Santiago Hero Will Return to His
Position on the Lighthouse
Board.
NEW YORK, Sept. 18.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Considerable
speculation is being engaged in by naval
officers as to the duty which will be given
Rear Admiral W. S. Schley wnen he com
pletes his work in connection with the
Porto Rican military commission. It is
rather expected that he will return to fill
the position of chairman of the Lighthouse
Board, the office he held before his as
signment to the command of the flying
squadron. In view of the intention of
Secretary Long to re establish European
and South Atlantic squadrons, it was
thought that Commodore Schley might
stand a chance of being assigned perhaps
to the former, but it Is believed that he
will be given the important duty of the
head of the Lighthouse Board.
Two Alpine Climbers Killed.
CHAMOUNIX, Sept. 18.— An English
man named Binns and a guide who ac
companied him, while making the ascent
of the Aiguille de Charmose fell and both
were killed, ,
DEMOCRATIC
SLATE READY
FOR THE GANG
The Municipal Ticket Prepared
in Advance of the
Convention-
Methods of Phelan and His Colleagues That
Would Put to Shame Buckley's
Coarsest Work.
Compared to that so-called Demo
cratic County Committee of One Hun
dred, the See Yup Tong seems to be
composed of high principled gentlemen.
When Christopher A. Buckley studies
the methods of procedure of that gang
of political highbinders led by the
Gallaghers, the McNabs, the Sullivans
and the Maguires, he can look back to
his own days of dictatorship with feel
ings of fervent gratitude that he never
in all his career dragged his party to
such depths of degradation as have his
illegitimate successors.
Christopher A. Buckley was at least
true to his friends; these fellows are
not even true to themselves. Buckley
always made a pretense at least of ob
serving the fundamental principles of
Democracy. The Gallagher-McNabs
do not seem to be able to give the true
definition of Democracy, or being able,
ignore its precepts on every possible
and impossible occasion. Buckley was
astute enough to give a coloring of i ng
ularity of all his proceedings. Ihe
Committee of One Hundred is so blinded
by its temporary power that it seems
to glory in its irregularities. The
"Blind Btfss of Bush street" ever sought
to cultivate friends and harmonize con
lending factions. The political out
laws now in control care naught for
friends pr foes while harmony is not
of their reckoning. Above all, Buckley
ne\er posed as anything but what he
•\vj_s, a shrewd, far-reaching political
jobber. These men, without one of
Buckley's redeeming qualities, assume
an "I am holier than thou" air on every
possible occasion, and prate of their
own virtues even as they concoct the
vilest political schemes, all the while
berating their betters as being too dis
honest to trust with any share in their
government beyond the pitiful privi
lege of voting the Phelans, the Gal
laghers and the rest of that ilk into of
fice.
It was thought the climax was
reached last Friday night, when, by
methods that would have shamed the
moat outrageous proceeding Buckley
ever engineered, the Committee of One
Hundred resolved itself into a muni
cipal convention to meet to-night for
the purpose of nominating certain of
its members to office. Its very action
was an admission that its plan of ac
tion was solely to advance the political
ambition of certain people who could
never hope for recognition at the hands
of a representative body of Democrats.
But though certain members protested
against the proceeding as illegal and in
conflict with every principle of Democ
racy, those members were included in
the adopted list of delegates to the con
vention, and thus virtually assured
that they would be given a voice in the
choosing of its nominees.
Moreover, in accordance with a res
olution adopted declaring that no can
didate for office in the gift of the con
vention should be a delegate, R. P.
Doolan, A. B. Maguire, James Denman,
John H. Grady, T. J. Pinder, Franklin
K. Lane, M. Greenblatt and Finlay Cook
handed in their resignations, thereby
anonuncing themselves as candidate*.
It was only natural that they should
expect their old associates to deal fair
ly by them and listen to their claims
for recognition on the floor of the con
vention before committing themselves
to any candidates.
But these political outcasts have
turned down their own friends — or
some of them — in other words, have
proved the falsity, of the old adage
about there being "honor among
thieves," and within forty-eight hours
after electing themselves delegates to
the Democratic municipal convention
and twenty-four hours before the date
agreed upon for the first meeting of
that convention they have agreed upon
a complete ticket. Not only have they
agreed upon it, but they have bandied
the names of their chosen ones about
to such an extent that The Call is en
abled this morning to present to the
public the Democratic municipal ticket
the convention will go through the
farce of nominating this week. As a
matter of fact, the convention will
merely be a ratification of tfne nomina
tions already made.
Here is the ticket:
Mayor — James D. Phelan.
Auditor — John H. Grady.
Treasurer — M. Greenblatt.
Sheriff — Theodore F. Bon
net.
Assessor — A. J. Clunie.
Tax Collector — James N.
Block.
County Clerk — John A.
Brown.
Recorder — Still open.
Superintendent of Streets
— Timothy E. Treacy.
District Attorney — Eugene
N. Deuprey.
City and County Attorney
— Donzel Stoney.
Coroner — Dr. Francis Em
erson.
Public Administrator —
Andrew C. Freese.
Surveyor — Still Open.
superintendent of Schools
— James B. Denman,
SUPERIOR JT7DGES—
William T. Wallace.
James M. Seawell.
Bert Schlessinger.
Frank J. Murasky.
: Two " years : ago, when James; D. • Phe
lan - w as ■ nominated for ■ Mayan \ tie tie*
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
manded that he be allowed to name the
Democratic candidates for Supervisors.
His demand was acceeded to, and it is
a fact that the seven Democratic mem
bers of the "Solid Eight" of the present
board were placed on the ticket at the
behest of Mr. Phelan. That gentleman
has made the same demand again this
year, and, as before, it has been grant
ed. But Mayor Phelan has not yet
given his instructions to the Commit
tee of One Hundred, therefore The Call
is unable to present the names of the
candidates for Supervisors this morn
ing. But Mr. Phelan will complete his
selections, with the aid of that other
reformer, Deacon George K. Fitch,
with whom Phelan is in close commu
nion at all times, In ample season for
the Committee of One Hundred — Demo
cratic convention — ratification meeting
to place them on the ticket, and The
Call will give their names in due time.
There is the ticket complete, with the
exception of Supervisors and School Di
rectors, hich Democrats will do well
to ponder over. Substitutions have
been made that will necessitate much
explanation before voters will accept
them. Democrats have been shelved
whom all parties would delight to
honor, while in some instances no
bodies, or at best men of uncertain
reputations, have been brought to the
front.
The surprise of the slate will be found
in the fact that James L*. Gallagher is
not down for City and County Attor
ney. Gallagher could have had the
nomination had he wanted it, but for
the first time in history a Gallagher
has refused an office. Not that Galla
gher is going to return to private life.
Oh, no. He has merely concluded to
wait, and if Maguire is elected take
some appointive office under the Gov
ernor. He regards Maguire's election
as certain as his own would be, and in
accepting an appointive office he will
save the expense of making a personal
campaign. Shrewd are the Gallaghers.
Mayor Phelan is slated for re-election
of necessity. That is what all this un-
savory work has been consummated for,
and that is what took him to San Jose
during the Native Sons' celebration
and impelled him to order that lone
cork drawn at the Vendome, said cork
being eagerly sought by everybody
present as a souvenir.
Honest, sturdy William Broderick,
who has stood a veritable bulwark be
tween treasury and the boodlers, is al
lowed to go and John H. Grady is to
have the nomination for Auditor in his
stead.
So, too, must Christian Reis step
aside from Mr. Greenblatt, the editor of
the German Demokrat. Mr. Greenblatt
Is a worthy citizen, but he is a no
vitiate in public office, while Christian
Reis has been tried for many years
and has gained the entire confidence of
everybody.
James N. Block will be renominated
for Tax Collector, while Andrew J.
Clunie is to be placed in charge of tha
Assessor's office if the people will have
it. There has been some talk of chang
ing Block and Clunie about, but they
will be given the offices they are slated
for.
For County Clerk, John A. Brown, a
salesman in J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s dry
goods house, is on the card. Mr. Brown
may be an execllent salesman; un
doubtedly he is, or he would not hold
a position in that estimable house, but
certainly his ambition is soaring when
he aspires to the County Clerkship on
his very first venture into the political
arena. •
Another big surprise will be in the
dismissal of Sheriff Richard I. Whelan
and the probable selection of License
Collector Bonnet for that position.
Whelan's Democratic friends are with
out number and his administration of
the office during the past two years has
been such from a Democratic stand
point as to lead him to believe he was
entitled to a renomination. But Whe
lan is cast aside and Bonnet can have
the office on certain conditions. There
is no other candidate if Bonnet
will consent to let the Committee of One
Hundred dip into the office. Bonnet has
not yet consented, and his confirmation
hangs fire in consequence.
R. P. Doolan is one of the Committee
of One Hundred who will reap his re
ward in the Superintendent of Streets
office, provided Tim Treacy does not
want the place. Treacy stands first,
with Doolan second, but Tim is in
about the same position as Jim Gal
lagher and is studying as to whether
it is better to take an appointment
under Maguire than to risk his own
money on a local fisht. Treacy is one
of Maguire's State Central Committee
men and can have almost anything the
little Pinto Giant can give away.
Eugene N. Deuprey gets the District
Attorney nomination. John Barrett
thought at one time that he had a
show for the place, but John is in the
discard now.
Ex-Assemblyman Pinder has been
turned down for Recorder, and that
office is open to engagement. Pinder
was on the slate all right, but he was
discovered to be one of the Three Tail
ors of Tooley street, and now he is no
longer a reformer.
Another unknown in the person of
Dr. Francis Emerson is dragged forth
for the office of Coroner, while James
B. Denman has a cinch on the nomina
tion for School Superintendent.
There will be another secret meeting
of the Committee of One Hundred this
morning at which selections for Re
corder and Surve: - or will be made.
All this may be meekly accepted by
the Democrats, but to those who do not
train with that crowd the action of the
Committee of One Hundred in slatinsj
a ticket — and such a ticket — so bare
facedly looks like taking a shy at Prov
idence.
C. A. Buckley has some knowledge of
slates, but this work of the purifiers
will make him want to take a couvae
JLu the kindergarten oX politics.2
BANDITS COLLECT
TOLL ON A TRAIN
A Daring Hold-Up Near
Council Bluffs.
BULLET WOUNDS CONDUCTOR
HE IS OVERPOWERED AND HIS
POCKETS SEARCHED.
After Taking Small Sums From the
Passengers the Outlaws Jump
From the Coaches and
Escape.
CHICAGC. ept. 18.— A dispatch to
the Times-Herald from Council Bluffs,
lowa, says: Three men held up a Lake
Wanawa Railway train, returning from
the lake to Council Bluffs, this evening.
The robbers boarded the train at the
lake. When about half-way in they
drew revolvers on Conductor Morris
and ordered him to hold up his hands.
He grappled with one of the men and
another fired. The ball grazed the con
ductor's neck, inflicting a slight wound.
His face waj badly burned by powder.
He was overpowered and his pockets
searched, the robbers getting less than
5100.
While two of the robbers held the
conductor on the rear seat the other
went through the car, which was but
partly filled and robbed the passengers
of small sums.
The robbers Jumped off and started
across the bottoms in the direction of
Omaha.
SPANISH TROOPS SOON
TO LEAVE PORTO RICO
SAN JUAN DE PORTO RICO. Sept.
18.— The preparations for the embarka
tion of the Spanish troops are reported to
be complete, although the American Com
missioners have not been officially ad
vised to that effect.
Two ships of the Campania Transat
lantica are expected to arrive here on the
26th inst. Five vessels will be required
to transport all the luggage and field ar
tillery and equipment. The Porto Rican
troops are to be landed near Cadiz.
The United States Commissioners have
agreed that such troops as desire to re
main here may do so, and practically all
the volunteers and some of the regulars
whose families and interests are here will
remain. If the necessary ships were here
the island would be evacuated and for
mally In our possession within three days.
The American Commissioners are highly
f ratified with the spirit shown by tho
panlards. The unexpected has happened.
Where it was expected that opposition
and delay would be encountered, none has
been found. In good faith the Spanish
Commissioners have met the Americans
and arranged with them terms of evacu
ation. Our commissioners expect to see
the American flag hoisted ana the Span
ish flag hauled down forever within three
weeks.
FRENCHMEN EJECTED
FROM A HAVANA THEATER
HAVANA, Sept. 18.— At the Tacon The
ater last night there was produced a
play based upon the Dreyfus trial In
which Dreyfus was portrayed through
out as an innocent victim of conspiracy
In the French army. Prom the start the
sympathy of the audience for Dreyfus
was manifested. Four Frenchmen, one
of whom is supposed to have been an
officer of the French gunboat Fulton, j
now lying in the harbor, occupied a box |
In tho first tier. All of them carried
boatswain's whistles and at every Insinu
ation against the honesty of the trial I
they began to blow their whistles and
hiss the players. A scene of indescribable
tumult followed, the entire audience-ris
ing In defense of Dreyfus. The French
men were forcibly ejected and the per
formance was continued without further
interruption.
One of the Frenchmen, who was
thouffht to be an officer or the Fulton,
refused to give his name at the station
house, to which the party wae taken after
beinpr ejected from the theater, and was
locked up over night.
General Blanco has prohibited tho fu
ture production of the play In Havana.
YELLOW FEVEH NOTES
FROM SOUTHERN TOWNS
LOT'ISVILLE, Ky., Sept. 18.—Associat
ed Press advices from the South to-night
indicate no material change In the yellow
fever situation since last night's report.
Dr. Oant arrived at Oxford, Miss., to-day,
and afj^r looking Into the two cases of
fever In the Jumper family said they
were undoubtedly yellow fever. He also
located several suspicious cases in the
family of A. T. Wood. Oxford physicians,
however, claim thAt the cases are of a
malignant type of malarial fever.
Dr. Prino of Raymond, Miss., reported
that he has a patient who is suspiciously
111. The Investigation of the suspicious
cases in Jackson continues, and all sus
pects so far have been discharged. Each
northbound train from the city carries a
coachload of refugees. Dr. Murray de
clares that there is no fever at Pontotoc
The Infection In Lafayette County has
about run its course and most of the pa
tients are convalescent. One new case Is
reported from Taylors and three from
Orwood to-day. The situation at New
Orleans Is unchanged.
FOUR MORE VICTIMS
OF FEVER AT PONCE
WASHINGTON, Sept. 18.-In dispatches
to the War Department to-night General
Brooke reports four deaths among the
American troops at Ponce, Porto Rico.
His first dispatch follows:
PONCE, Sept. IS-S:ls p. m.— Adjutant Gen
eral. Washington: Three deaths to-day— D C
Brace. Company E, Third Wisconsin, typhoid
fiver; M«'.rton Bentley, Company C. Nineteenth
United States Infantry, typhoid fever- Freder
ick Little Company C, Nineteenth Uniied
States Infantry, malarial fever.
BROOKE, Major General.
A supplementary dispatch from General
Brooke reads:
PONCE, Sept. 18 —Adjutant General. Wask
in*;ton: Died, September 16, Frederick 8
Phelps. Battery B, Eighth Artillery, not before
reported. BROOKE, Major Genera! '
New York Police Captain Dead.
NEW YORK, Sept. IS.— Police Captain
William Men kin died to-night of cancer
Oi. the stomach.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Unless you have used Pears'
soap you probably do not know
what we mean by a soap with
no free fat or alkali in it — noth-
ing but soap.
The more purely negative soap
is, the nearer does it approach
perfection.
GATHER TO CUT
THE FUSION PIE
Three Conventions at
Santa Monica.
ALL TO OPEN ON TUESDAY
FACTIONS MAY QUARREL OVER
THE DIVISION.
Movement on Foot to Place Senator
White In the Senatorial Race,
Despite His Intention
to Retire.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 18.— The Dem
ocratic, Populist and Silver Republican
County Conventions will be convened
at Santa Monica simultaneously on
Tuesday for ft naming of a fusion
county ticket. The pie has not yet
been divided among the three political
divisions, and it is certain that some
difficulty will be experienced in reach
ing a satisfactory apportionment.
The fight now is being waged as to
which party shall have the nomination
for District Attorney. The Silver Re
publicans wish it for their State chair
man, J. Noonan Phillips. The Demo
crats do not want Phillips, and in or
der to defeat him are willing that the
Populists shall name the nominee for
that office. There are two factions in
the Democratic party — the "silk stock
ing" element and the "push." It looks
as though the "push" would run the
convention.
A movement is on foot to have reso
lutions adopted which will place Ste
phen M. White In the Senatorial con
test whether he wants to be or not. The
resolution will review Senator White's
services to his constituents and will
advise the people of Southern Califor
nia to elect members of the Legislature
favorable to White. Then the state
ment will be made that if White were
given a re-election to the Senate he
would accept and go back to Washing
ton for another term. The resolutions
will also cite the fact that as it is ad
mitted that Southern California is en
titled to the Senatorship, White is,
above all others, the ablest represen
tative that could be sent to the upper
house of Congress from this section of
the State.
NO FUSION IN LAKE.
Populists Will Support the Republi-
can Ticket.
LAKEPORT, Sept. 18.— Politics in Lake
County Is now at red heat. The Re
publicans named a ticket two weeks ago.
The Democrats and Populists both met
here with the intention of fusing, but the
scheme was a failure. The Democrats
then nominated a full county ticket, the
Populists adjourning until to-day. They
were much put out because the Demo
crats would not fuse with them. The
Populists did not put up a full ticket.
They nominated only three men on the
county ticket and the district officers.
Most of the Populists will support tho
Republican ticket.
SIMS SAYS DREYFUS
ESCAPED LONG AGO
NEW YORK, Sept. 19.— The World
prints the following under a London
date: George R. Sims, playwright and
journalist, has long maintained that
Dreyfus was rescued from Devil's Is
land two years ago through the instru
mentality of a French syndicate or
ganized to secure the liberation of pris
oners in penal settlements who can
pay heavily for their freedom. Sims
now says:
"The real difficulty the French Gov
ernment is in with regard to Dreyfus is
to find him. When he was rescued
from Devil's Island two years ago and
a substitute was left in his place, the
Government officials, terriefied at the
outcriy which would be raised in
France, accepted the substitute.
"Dreyfus himself went to South
America, where he is living under an
assumed name. His wife dares not
quit France to join him; that would
mean a plot for his arrest or assassi
nation. Dreyfus does not yet feel suf
ficient confidence In the authorities and
the French people to put his head In
the lion's den. If Dreyfus ever re
turns to take a new trial you may be
sure his acquittal will have been abso
lutely assured beforehand."
ESTERHAZY SAYS HE
WILL CONFESS ALL
NEW YORK, Sept. 18.— A ' London
cablegram to the World says: Major
Esterhazy is about to make a full con
fession of his connection with the plot
to disgrace Dreyfus. As he admits
that he cannot return to Prance, it is
evident that the part he took involves
criminal consequences. In an author
ized statement he says:
"There is no longer any justice for
me in my own country, and the time
has arrived to make a full disclosure
of the part I played In the Dreyfus af
fair. . 1 intend to make this disclosure
in the interest of truth, regardless of
itß result to Dreyfus personally,
"I can no longer allow myself to be
made a scapegoat. The responsibility
must be fairly distributed.
"You want to know whether my dis
closures will, clear Dreyfus. I answer
that out of a thousand documents mak
ing up the Dreyfus dossier, I kno.w that
six hundred are forged. 1 am prepared
to show by whom and under what cir
cumstances these forgeries were com-
mitted. '
"Whether Dreyfus be innocent, as his
champions suppose, remains tojje seen.
That can be safely left to the public to
Judge when they are In possession of
all the facts."
WAS DREYFUS THE
VICTIM OF THE ARMY?
LONDON, Sept. 19.— David Christie
Murray publishes in the Morning to-
day a long story regarding the Dreyfus
affair. The author vouches for the
truth of the story, but declares that
he cannot disclose the source from
which he obtained his information.
The article states in effect that Drey
fus was engaged as a spy in the em
ploy of a secret department of the
French army against those suspected
of trafficlng with Germany and other
powers. His zeal, so the story goes,
led him to become the victim of re
venge on the part of Colonel Henry,
Comte Esterhazy and Colonel Paty dv
Clam, 'who themselves were concerned
In treasonable practices.
Dr. Betancourt Dead.
PARIS. Sept. 18-r-Dr. Elenterlo Betan
court, the Cuban delegate to Paris. Is
dead.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL.. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1898.
NAVAL RESERVES
TO COME UNDER
NATIONAL CONTROL
Signal Corps Probably Will Be In
eluded Among Their Several
Organizations.
NEW YORK, Sept. 18.— The Washington correspondent of the Her
ald telegraphs: If the recommendation of Captain J. H. Bartlett, re
tired, chief of the naval auxiliary fleet and superintendent of the
coast signal system, are adopted, the naval militia of the country will
be under national control and will include a signal corps among its
organizations.
Captain Bartlett is now preparing reports and .will submit them
to the Secretary within the next ten days. I understand that he be
lieves that the militia should be trained as it has been in the past, ex
cept that it should have better facilities and opportunities to serve on
modern men of war instead of antiquated vessels. As the coast
signal system was operated to a great extent by men trained by naval
militia officers, he will urge the formation of a corps comprising sig
nal men and telegraphers, who shall be available in connection with
the coast signal system in time of emergency, the whole to be su
pervised by a chief, whose quarters should be located in Washington.
Secretary Long is deeply impressed with the advantages of the
two services and his report will have a great deal to say regarding
their value, and what should be done to Improve them.
MISS PERKINS IS
NOT CONCERNED
Regards Her Notoriety
as a Joke.
MILL POND MYSTERY GROWS
DISMEMBERED BODY NOT YET
IDENTIFIED.
Two Young Ladies Whom It Ap
peared to Resemble Are Still
in the Land of the
Living.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MIDDLEBORO, Mass., Sept. 18.—Af
ter telegraphing and telephoning, a
member of the Bridgeport police gained
possession of the woman's dismemb
ered body found in Yellow Millpond,
and brought here by Frank W. Perkins,
who had mistaken it for that of his
daughter Grace. The town was scarce
ly awake this morning when Detective
George Arnold of the Bridgewater po
lice arrived. The first -thing he did
was to call on Undertaker Williams,
who brought the remains of the un
known woman from Taunton last
night, and requested that they be de
livered to him. Mr. Williams informed
the detective that he intended to hold
them until he received definite orders
from the Coroner at Bridgeport to give
them up, supplemented by a sworn
statement from Mr. Perkins that the
fragments of the body in the box were
not those of his daughter.
At noon a telegram was received from
the Coroner, addressed to Undertaker
Williams and containing an order to
give up the body to Arnold.
Mr. Perkins was induced to sign the
statement demanded by the under
taker. With the two documents Arn
old again presented himself at the un
dertaker's and obtained the body, which
was in an advanced state of decompo
sition.
Miss Perkins appears very much un
concerned regarding the whole affair
and looks on it as more of a joke than
anything else. She kept Indoors to
day, and although the house was *w«ll
surrounded by curious people, few
caught even a glimpse of her.
The Bournes are even closer mouthed
than the Perkins family, although
denying emphatically that the two ar«
married. The family have intimated
that at the proper time a statement
will be made aa to Charles Bourne and
Miss PeTkins.
WILKESBARRE, Pa.. Sept. 18.— Mrs.
John R. Thomas of Warrior Union, this
county, received a dispatch from the
Chief of Police at Stamford, Conn., that
her daughter Grace was alive and well
in that city. This was a great relief
to Mrs. Thomas, who had been led to
believe from the description of the
press that the woman found murdered
In a pond In Bridgeport was her
daughter.
SUPREME COUNCIL OF
SCOTTISH RITE MASONS
Delegates to the Biennial Session of
the Northern Jurisdiction Gath
ering- at Cincinnati.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 18.-There were
many arrivals to-day for the biennial ses
sion of the Supreme Council of the Thir
ty-third Degree Scottish Rite Masons of
the northern Jurisdiction of the United
States. Although the Supreme Council
does not convene till Tuesday the visitors
were well entertained by local Masons to
day and the entertainment committee
has made an elaborate programme for
to-morrow, as well as for other days of
the week. On Wednesday dnd Thursday
the thirty-third or honorary degree will
be conferred.
The sixty-eighth annual assembly of the
Grand Council of Ohio, Select Masons,
convenes here September 27, and on the
two succeeding days the eighty-second
annual convocation of the Grand Chapter
of Ohio, when General Grand High Priest
Reuben C. Lemmon will be tendered a re
ception.
FRUIT-GROWERS' CONVENTION.
Dates Announced by the State Board
of Horticulture.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 18.— The execu
tive committee of the State Board of Hor
ticulture has fixed November 29 and 30
and December 1 and 2, 1898, as the dates
for the State Fruit Growers' convention
at Fresno. R. D. Stephens of Sacra
mento, Ben M. Maddox of Vlsalla and
Willlum B. Gester of Newcastle were ap
pointed a committee of arrangements,
representing the State Board; Dr. I. S.
Eshleman of Fresno, Alex Gordon of
Fresno and the president of the Fresno
Horticultural Society were appointed a
local committee of arrangements, and Ell
wood Cooper of Santa Barbara, R. D.
Stephens of Sacramento and T. A. Rice of
ventura were appointed a committee on
programme.
Not Guilty of Murder.
- EUREKA, Sept. Peter Davidson, i on
trial 'for the murder of James .Wyatt near.
Ferndale i last ' June, was l acquitted ;by i a
jury ■ last •" night on the : ground • that ■he
acted in self-defense. The men were in
toxicated and Davidson pushed Wyatt off
the veranda of a residence. \
L
FRANCIS JOSEPH
TO HIS SUBJECTS
Deeply Moved by Their
Sympathy.
AN ELOQUENT RECOGNITION
CBEATES THE ORDER OF ST.
ELIZABETH.
To Be Conferred Upon Women and
Girls Meriting Distinction in
the Various Avocations
of Life.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VIENNA, Sept 18.— A rescript of the
Emperor to Count yon Thunn Hohen
stein, president of the Austrian Coun
cil of Ministers, was published to-day,
expressing, in eloquent and pathetic
language, the Emperor's thanks for the
expressions of natiorial sympathy with
him in his great bereavement. In the
course of the rescript, his Majesty
says :
"The murdering hand, the instrument
of frenzied fanaticism, aiming at the
destruction of existing social order,
which was raised against the noblest
of women in blind and purposeless
hate, struck a heart which knew not
hate and beat only for good. Amid the
grief by which I and my house are
etricken and in the presence of the un
heard-of deed which has sent a shud
der through the whole civilized world,
the voice of my beloved people first
brings balm to my heart in affecting
unieon with the resound of universal
lamentation for our immeasurable loss,
like a faithful echo of all that moves
my own soul. From my deeply sorrow
ing heart, I thank all for this new
pledge of devoted sympathy. If the
festive peals which should have greet
ed this year should remain dumb
there yet remains to me the memory
of innumerable proofs of loyalty and
deep sympathy, the most precious gift
which could have been bestowed upon
me. Our common grief weaves a new
and intimate bond between the throne
and the fatherland."
Another imperial rescript founds a
new- order, and medals of St. Eliza
beth, in memory of the deceased, will
be conferred upon women and irlrls
meriting distinction in the various
avocations of life or in special religous
numantarian and philantnropic work'
The Emperor is invested with the
SO if tt ight of conferring the order
which comprises three degrees, with a
grand cross for the first and second
classes, bearing an enameled picture of
St. P:iizabeth of Thuringia.
T* 1 * first recipient of the order was
the Countess Szarpay, who has received
an autograph letter from the Emperor
conferring upon her the grand cross or
the order in recognition of her devoted
services to the dead Empress In her
last moments.
ARREST OF PITTSTON'S
DOUBLE MURDERER
Slept in a Cornfield All Night and
( , Says He Has No Recollection
1 v of the Shooting. '
WILKESBARRE, Pa., Sept. 18.-George
Bartlett, who shot and killed James Mof
ntt and mortally wounded Warren Rich
mond at Pittston last night, was arrested
at his home to-day. He fled after the
shooting and went to Moosy, where he
slept in a cornfield all night. This morn
ing he returned to his home and his wife
told him he had better give himself up
He awaited the arrival of Chief of Police
Tofus of Pttston and surrendered him
self. The prisoner was brought to Wilkes
barre this afternoon and lodged in Jail
He: says he has no recollection of the
snooting. The murderer has five chil
dren dependent upon him. v The mur
dered man leaves a widow and three chil
dren. Richmond Is an engineer.
FIVE MEMBERS OF
SPAIN'S COMMISSION
Senors Rios, Abarzuza, Gadnig, Gen
eral Cerero and Senor Villaurru-
tia Are -« amed.
MADRID. Sept. 18.— The Official Ga
zette publishes the announcement of the
appointment of Senor Montero Rios,
President of the Senate; Senor Abarzuza,
Senor Gadnig, General Cerero and Senor
Vlllaurrutia as the Spanish Peace Com
missioners.
Senors Dubosc and Arangueren, for
merly secretaries to the Spanish legation
at Washington, have been transferred
from St. Petersburg to Vienna.
The council of war has suspended Ad
miral Montejo and Major Sostoa, di
rector of the Cadiz arsenal.
Completes the Amador Ticket.
JACKSON, Sept. IS.— Through an Inad
vertence the published list of officers
nominated at the Republican convention,
held at Jackson, Amador County, on the
13th lnst., was not complete. The name
of Sylvester G. Spagnoli, who was nomi
nated for County Treasurer by acclama
tion, was omitted. Mr. Spagnoli is the
incumbent.
OUTLINING PLANS
FOR OCCUPATION
Disposition of Regulars
and Volunteers.
SUBJECT OF A CONFERENCE
SEVENTH AEMY CORPS WILL
BE UNBROKEN.
Probable Assignment of Troops to
Cuba, Porto Rico and the
Philippines Until Con
gress Meets.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 18.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: It is
not now expected that any more regu
lar troops will be assigned to stations
west of the Mississippi. Regulars now
east of the Mississippi will be ordered
to Alabama, Georgia and South Caro
lina, where they will be camped with
the volunteers.
This was the plan outlined to me this
afternoon by Acting Secretary of War
Meiklejohn. It is the result of a con
ference held yesterday between Presi
dent McKlnley, Secretary Meiklejohn
and General fc-Jes.
Secretary Melklejohn said the pur
pose now was for all the regiments in
the East to gro to Porto Rico and Cuba.
It Is not proposed to send more than a
few, if any, regulars to Porto Rico, but
the volunteer army to go to Cuba will
be well seasoned with them. There
will, according to the present plan, be
certainly not less than 10,000 regulars
sent to Cuba. The whole Cuban army
of occupation, however, will consist of
from 50,000 to 60,000 men. The regular*
will remain there at least from sixty to
ninety days. The programme has pro
gressed no further.
Secretary Meiklejohn said that this
was absolutely the only subject dis
cussed at the conference. The volun
teer regiments to be designated have
not yet been touched upon, yet it is
well understood that the Seventh Army
Corps will go practically without being
broken. The men are believed to be in
good physical trim and well disciplined,
and the administration is especially
gratified at the fine condition to which
General Lee has brought them.
General Miles says that the 12,000
men now in Porto Rico will be suffi
cient, and 20,000 men are the most that
Is reckoned upon for Manila. The three
additional regiments ordered in readi
ness several days ago for Honolulu will
not be soon added to.
Troops will be kept in Cuba until a
stable form of government is estab
lished. The island will be under mili
tary government until Congress assem
bles and adjusts whatever changes in
conditions there may be thought wise.
The basis on which the armies of oc
cupation will remain in Porto Rico and
Manila Is different from that of Cuba
and will be treated, therefore, from a
different view pointy
ODD FELLOWS TAKING
POSSESSION OF BOSTON
Spend a Day in Sight-Seeing Before
the Opening of the Sovereign
(irand Lodge.
BOSTON, Sept. 18.— With the coming of
the morrow, the Odd Fellows of the Unit
ed States will own this city. They have
come as the representatives to the Sov
ereign Grand Lodge and incidentally to
enjoy a week of pleasure under the direc
tion of the Grand Lodge of Massa
chusetts. Practically all the Grand
Lodge representatives are preparing for
the opening sessions. To-day the visitors
spent the time chiefly in sight-seeing, al
though the Sovereign Lodge attended
divine service at the Church of the Dis
ciples, where Rev. Dr. Everett Hale
preached, and delegations attended sev
eral other churches, where the services
had a bearing on the events of the com
ing week.
To-morrow the first session of the high
bodies of the order will be held with pub
lic exercises. Then the Sovereign Grand
Lodge will meet and transact routine
business leading up to the election of
officers, which will be followed by a ban
quet. The Rebekahs will also figure in
the early ceremonies. While a programme
has been arranged for each day, that of
Wednesday Is the chief figure. The pa
rade will be held then and 15,000 are ex
pected to be In line.
FREE LUMBER FOR ALL.
Large Quantities Thrown Up on the
Beach Near Monterey.
SALINAS, Sept. 18.— Visitors to Mosa
Landing- report a large quantity of lumber
of all sizes thrown up on the coast be
tween that place and Monterey during
the past ten days. The wood, which ap
parently was cut recently from trees,
ranges in size from that of a poet stake
to large pieces aggregating twenty-eight
and thirty feet. All the pieces are square.
Already over fifty truckloads have passed
through Castroville, having been saved by
the residents. It is estimated that over
100,000 feet was secured to yesterday by
the wreckers. The quantity still on the
beach is vast and cannot be estimated.
Where the drift has come from is un
known, as no wrecks are known to have
occurred near that vicinity. It seems to
have come from a northerly direction.
The wood has not been in the water long.
It is thought it might have come from
one of the rafts being towed down from
Puget Sound, and which broke to pieces
at sea.
LOUISVILLE'S HARNESS RACES.
Big Stakes for Whicli Trotters and
Pacers Will Contest.
LOUISVILLE, Sept. IS.— The fail meet
ing of the Louisville Driving and Fair
Association, to be held from September
22 to October 1, will be a notable trotting
and driving carnival. The stakes aggre
gate $40,000. The opening day will wit
ness three great races— the Commercial
Club stake for $2000; the Preparation,
$1000, and the Frank Fehr, $2000. There
are thirty-one entries in the club stake
Searchlight (2:o4ft), the greatest four
year-old in the country, is the favorite,
but there are several others entered.
The full list of events of the fall meet
ing is as follows: Kentucky Matron
stake, for all foals of 1896. $10,000; the
Douglas, trotting, $5000; the Selsbach,
pacing, $5000; Frank Fehr, trotting $2000;
Commercial Club, pacing, $2000; Board of
Trade, pacing, $2000; The Falls City, trot
ting, $2000; the Louisville, trotting, $2000;
the Preparation, $1000; the Dewey, pacing
TO KEEP THE PHILIPPINES.
Spain's Peace Commission Instructed
to Work to This End.
LONDON, Sept. 19.— The Daily Mail's
Madrid correspondent says a long confer
ence was held between Senor Sagasta and
Senor Montero Rlos, the president of the
Spanish Peace Commission, to-day, which
resulted In the decision that the Peace
Commission shall strenuously defend "the
retention of the Philippine Islands by
Spain.
No Hope of Bayard's Recovery.
DEDHAM Mass., Sept. 18.— The condi
tion of Thomas F. Bayard was about the
same as yesterday. The attending physi
cians gave no hope of recovery.
MOVING TYPHOID
FEVER PATIENTS
Fifteen Shipped From
Camp Meade.
TO A NORRISTOWN HOSPITAL
NEARLY TWO HUNDRED STIIX
REMAIN.
All Will Be Sent to Philadelphia and
Harrisburg for Treatment as
Rapidly as They Can Be
Transported.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAMP MEADE, MIDDLETOWN,
Pa., Sept. 18.— i^fteen typhoid fever
cases were shipped from the Second
Division Hospital this evening to the
Charity Hospital, Norristown, in a spe
cal car. The patients were from the
Two Hundred and First and Two Hun
dred and Second New York, Fourth
Missouri, First Rhode Island and Sec
ond West Virginia regiments. Chief
Surgeon Oirard believes the sick will
do better In hospitals than in tents, and
has arranged to ship more away to
morrow to Harrisburg and Philadelphia
hospitals. There are 175 fever patients
in the hospitals and they will be taken
as rapidly as they can be moved.
Private Biston D. Danto, Company
X, Third New York, died In the Red
Cross Hospital to-day of typhoid fever
and his body was shipped to Wells
ville. Corporal Samuel Crager, Com
pany H, Second Tennessee, died of con
gestive chills at the regimental dispen
sary, after a brief illness.
Detailed reports have been received
by Colonel Girard from the various
regimental surgeons on the health of
their regiments. They report but very
few malarial cases, and in the regi
ments where this malady has been
greatest it is on the decrease. Most of
the cases of typhoid fever and malaria
have been brought here from the camps
in the South and Camp Black, N. Y.
Colonel Abbott of the First Rhode Isl
and is seriously ill with typhoid fever
at the home of a friend in Middletown.
The Fifteenth Michigan has moved
on the grounds vacated by the Twelfth
Pennsylvania, which starts to-morrow
afternoon for Its home State for muster
out. The Michigan regiment takes the
place of the Twelfth in General Cor
bin's brigade of the First Division.
Chief Quartermaster Howard says the
Seventh Ohio, which has received or
ders to muster out, will hardly get
away before Thursday. This will com
plete, for a while at least, the move
ment of troops from camp. There is
a strong probability that the Four
teenth Pennsylvania will be the next
regiment to receive orders to muster
out on account of the trouble among
the officers.
The following medic/ officers have
been detailed as brigv^le surgeons:
First Division— First Brigade, D. A.
Rannells, Seventh Ohio; Second Brig
ade, A. M. Johnston, Fourteenth Penn
sylvania; Third Brigade, C. E. Kauss,
Eighth Pennsylvania. Second Division
—First Brigade, Burton S. Booth, Two
tiundred and Third New York; Second
Brigade, H. D. Kteebler, Fourth Mis
souri; Third Brigade, Lester S. Hunt,
First Rhode Island.
The camp has become scattered so
that the scores of army teams have
been forced to work eighteen hours a
day. The long hours are telling on the
health of the teamsters and Colonel
Howard has asked the War Depart
ment for seventy-flve additional teams.
He was advised to-day that fifteen
four-mule and ten two-horse teams
would be immediately forwarded. The
water system is being run into the
camp of the First Delaware and other
outlying regiments. General Graham
will wait until all the regiments have
been supplied before extending the sys
tem to corps headquarters.
PERUVIAN INSURGENT
TAKEN BY CHILEANS
Pano and Five of His Companions
Captured in a Town Across
the Boundary.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 180S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LIMA, Peru, Sept. 18.— The Peruvian
Government has received information
which makes it confident that the troubles
in the south are almost ended. Pano,
chief leader in the rebellion, and five of
his companions have been caught in Ta
ratta, Chile, where they had taken refuge
from Peruvian troops. The Inhabitants
of the town made the capture. The men
have been sent to Taone, Chile, and will
be held there pending Peru's request for
their extradition.
CBXJSHED UNDEB CAB, WHEELS.
Austrian Consul at Chicago the Vie-
Tim of a Bail Accident.
FORT WAYNE, Ind., Sept. 18.— Cheva,
Her M. Proskowitz, Acting Chief Consul
of Austria-Hungary at Chicago, lost his
life in Fort Wayne to-night while en
route to New York. He was a passenger
on the Pennsylvania Limited. At 9:20
the dining car was cut off at the station.
The Consul was restless and was walking
through the train. He did not notice that
the dining car had been cut off. He
stumbled headlong just as the baggage
car was being pushed back on the train
and was ground under the wheels, both
legs being frightfully crushed. He was
taken to St. Joseph's Hospital In an am
bulance and died an hour later.
The chevalier was the member of a dis
tinguished Hungarian family. He was so
badly injured that he could give no ac
count of the accident.
GENERAL WELD DECLINES.
Will Not Serve on the War Investi
gation Committee.
DEDHAM, Mass., Sept. 18.— General
Stephen M. Weld, who was offered a
position on the war investigation com
mittee by President McKinley, has de
cided not to accept it.
"I have nothing to say about the Presi
dent's request for me to go on the com
mission, except that I have decided not
to accept it. My business affairs pre
vent my taking the necessary time to de
vote to the work of the commission " Be
yond this General Weld did not wish to
discuss the subject.
ALGER BEGINS HIS TOTTB.
Will Inspect All Southern Camps and
Hospitals.
DETROIT, Sept. 18.-Secretary Alger
left to-night on his Inspection tour of
Southern camps and hospltalr. General
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
tot hi- /f
I'.mili j^JV *t\ — Is «
Alger, accompanied by his aid Major
Hopkins, started for Cincinnati on the
10 p. m. train. The camps to be itapected
are at Fort Thomas, Lexington', Knox
ville. Chlckamauga. Anniston, jjiobably
Huntsville and Jacksonville and §iarles
ton. Secretary Alger expects t* reach
Washington a week from next Wednes
day.
LAWTON'S SANTIAGO
HEALTH BULLETIN
WASHINGTON. Sept. 18.— Slcfciess
among the troops of General Law^">n'»
command at Santiago is Increasng.
Nearly one-6ixth of his force is now on
the sick list, although tne number of
deaths is not great. General Lawton's
bulletin of the health conditions of .he
American forces at Santiago, received to
night, follows:
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Sept. 18.— Adjutmt
General Washington: Sick. 1222; fever, (41;
new cases, 92; returned to duty, 304.
Deaths— John Gustafsen, sailor, typhoid fe
fer September 15.
Harris Edwards, corporal. Company C, Nirtfc
United States Volunteers, yellow fever, S«p
te Arthur Bassey, private. Company D, Nln.h
United States Volunteers, yellow fever, Sop
te \ViUiiam Diltmat, private, Company M, Ninth
United States Volunteer Infantry, yellow fa-
Ve Otto e SefeldtT private. Company D. Fifth In
fantry, malarial fever. September IS.
Michael J O'Brien, first lieutenant. Com
pany A, Fifth Infantry, malarial remittent
Sanies Burke, Company E, Ninth United
States Volunteers, bilious fever September 16.
LAWTON, Major General.
CONFLAGRATION AT TUCSON.
Property Valued at Seventy-Five
Thousand Dollars Destroyed.
TUCSON, Ariz., Sept. 18.— The old Radu
lovich mercantile and office building was
destroyed by fire this morning, as were
also the Western Union Telegraph office.
Wells, Fargo & Co's office, the telephone
office, Kitts dry goods store, Radulo\ich »
store and a large number of offices In
clurling the Odd Fellows' Hair The loss
was $75,000. The Southern Pacific fire
brigade, with Its water supply, did hero c
work and prevented a spread of the
flames. .
CROWNED HEADS AS TARGETS.
LONDON, Sept. 18.-The Dally Tele
graph's St. Petersburg- correspondent says
he has ascertained that Luchenni, the as
sassin of the Austrian Empress, belonged
to a gang of anarchists who went from
Europe to the United States two years
ago. and who had for their object the as
sassination of crowned heads. The corre-..
spondent says it is also known that chiefs
of the band are still in New York.
Giants Outplay the Grooms.
NEW YORK, Sept. 18.— The Giants de
feated the Brooklyns at Weehawken,
N. J. this .afternoon, through superior
all-around playing. Their fielding was
sharp and the hitting timely. Score:
Clube— ../. ;......t H. E.
Jlew York ' **
Brooklyn '.:... 3 M " 8
Batteries— Meektn and Warner; Kennedy ana
Ryan. Umpires— Swartwood and Wood.
NEWARK, N. J., Sept. 18.— The : St.
Louis National League team was defeated
in an exhibition game by the Newark
Atlantic League team at Newark, N. J.
this afternoon. Score:
Clubs— B. H. E.
Newark 7-12 1
St. Louis 0 2 2
Batteries— Jordan and Rothfuss; Carsey ana
Sugden. _ — ». _
Burning British Steamer Abandoned.
BADEN, Sept. 18.— The British «teamer
Moutaborre, Captain Jameson, from Hollo
for Liverpool, has been abandoned on
fire off .ie Island of Socotra. The British
steamer Telaca, from Calcutta, landed the
crew here. She sustained damage in at
tempting to tow the burning vessel.
Thorpe at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 18.— Charley
Thorpe, the popular Western Jockey, ar
rived to-night and will ride at the meet
ing of the California Jockey Club, which
begins to-morrow.
Ooebel Lectures at Stanford.
BTANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 18.—
Bismarck memorial services were held
here tnis artei-noon. An interesting ad
dress was delivered by Professor ooeDfi.
JOSEPE MAY IS PEAT).
Founder of the House of Livingston
& Co. Passes Away.
Joseph May, one of the best-known
merchants of San Francisco, died at the
house of his brother, Edward, 1680 Fell
street, early Saturday morning. He had
been failing in health for several years,
and only recently returned from a pro
longed visit to the springs.
Deceased was one of the founders of
the wholesale liquor house of Livingston
& Co., which began business twenty
years ago, and during that time was in
partnership with ex-United States Sen
ator A. P. Williams. He gained a com
petency and two years ago retired from
the firm with the' intention of taking
things easy the balance of his days.
Mr. May was not only a popular busi
ness man, but a delightful raconteur and
as well known among the distillers of
Pennsylvania and Kentucky as in
this S*tate. Deceased was a native of
Germany, 51 years of age, a widower, and
leaves one child 5 years old.
. • ADVEBTISEMENTS. • .
A" LIVING WITNESS. '
Mrs. Hofftnan Describes How Sh« . .
Wrote to Mrs. Pinkham for •
Advice, and Is Now WelL
Deab Mrs. Pixkham: — using 1 *
your Vegetable . Compound I was a . .
great sufferer. I have been sick for
months, was troubled with severe pain
in both sides of abdomen, sore feeling •
J urf6S>"i£ws&L. lo^cr part of bow-
jtjf^L J^jßfck el s, also suffered -
i^^^-'aC^P^ with dizziness,
£3$ H /'"^¥Vwllla headaclie » " and "
jl|l> jb& W'* ImBB could not sleep. •'
B llilill J " vvrote y° u a
wllii L mW§§§ etter describ-
S^^^ \^*^ replied tell- .
tvhat to do. *J.
"■ followed your direc- ■
tions, and cannot praise your medicine
enough for what it has done for me.
Many thanks to you for your advice.
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable .Com-
pound has cured me, and I will recom-
mend it to my friends. r^Mrs. Florence
E. Hoffman, 512 Roland St., Canton, O.
The condition described by Mrs. Hoff-
man will appeal to many women, yet
lots of sick women struggle on with,
their daily tasks disregarding « the.
urgent " warnings ; until overtaken by "
actual collapse. _ C i
The present Mrs. Pinkham's experi-
ence in treating female ills is unparal-
leled, for years she worked side by side
with Mrs. Lydia E. Pinkham, and for
sometimes past ■ has ' had > sole charge
of the, correspondence department of
her great business, treating by letter
as many as a hundred thousand ailing
women during a single year.
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS WEUrKNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
-X Private, Nervous, and Dis-
eases of Men only. ':- Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20y'r«' experience.
f^'!? l acure at Home. Terms reasonable. Houm9 i
to S dally; 6:30 to 8:30 Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
Utloa free and sacredly conndentlal.Call,orad(irea«
Dr. P. ftOSCOE Mc»UI,TY.
&<% Kearajr St., Kan Francisco, OaLWINNIE DAVIS`
SUFFERING OVER
Death Claims the Daughter of tY)e
Late PresideQt of the Soutb
ern Confederacy.
XARRAGANSETT PIER. R. L, Sept.
18.— Miss Winnie Davis, daughter of
Mrs. Jefferson Davis, died at noon to
day at the Rockingham Hotel, to which
place she came as a guest in the early i
part of the Pier's social season. She
had been ill for several weeks and a
fortnight ago her ailment was diag
nosed as malarial gastritis. At times
her condition became very serious, so
that consTiltations of physicians were \
deemed necessary, but frequent rallies
gave renewed hope that she would ulti
mately recover. During the past week
especially was her condition considered
favorable and it was thought her re
moval from the hotel would be possible
In a few days, as the hotel had closed
for the season, leaving the patient and
attendants practically alone in the
house. Last night, however, a relapse
in Miss Davis' condition was noticed
aoid throughout the night she lost
strength perceptibly. This morning
tbe physicians said that the end was
not far off and at noon death came to
end the sufferings, which at times had
been intense. Mrs. Davis had watched
unremittingly at her daughter's bed-
Bide and she is now bowed with sor
row. The physicians of Mrs. Davis re
port she is holding up with great calm
ness in her affliction and no fears are
at present entertained of her health I
yielding to the strain.
Miss Winnie Davis, the "Daughter of
the Confederacy," was born in the
Confederate Executive Mansion at |
Richmond, Va.. in 1863. She was edu
cated principally at home owing to the
troubles surrounding her father and the i
publicity which attended all movements '■
of the Davis family. Miss Davis at
tained her maturity at Beauvolr, Miss.
Here she assisted her mother in various •■
■ways and took her place in the many
social functions of the place. She v.-as
her father's constant companion. She j
assisted him in all his work and much I
of the information which was required
by Mr. Davis in his writings was se- I
cured for him by his daughter. Her j
strong character was marked from |
TAPS SOUND FOR
CAPTAIN CAPRON
Santiago Hero Yields to
Typhoid.
WAS VALIANT IN STRIFE
COXXA.NDEB, , t OF THE FAMOUS
CAPRON BATTERY.
Grief Over the Death of His Son, an
Officer of the Rough Riders,
Paved the Way for Fatal
• Sickness.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WASHINGTON, Sept. 18.— Captain
Allyn Capron, First Artillery, died at
his home near Fort Myer, Va_, to-day.
Captain Capron was one of the best
known officers ;n the regular army. He
had devoted himself particularly to the
artillery branch of the service, having
been an honor graduate of the artillery
school In 1873, and was regarded as an
authority on artillery tactics.
When General Shatter's corps went
to Santiago Capron accompanied it,
and his battery did fine work In the
battle of Santiago. During the first
days of the fighting before the city,
Captain Capron'S son. Captain Allyn
K. Capron of the Rough Riders was
killed.
The death of his son preyed upon
the father's mind, but he never swerved
for an instant from his duty during the
terrible days that followed. The seeds
of disease were sown in his system
during the Cuban campaign, and he
returned to his home at Fort Myer,
near this city, only to be stricken down
with typhoid fever. His death oc
curred about 12 o'clock to-day.
Captain Capron was born in Florida
and entered the Military Academy as a
cadet in 1863. After graduating he was
made a second lieutenant of the First
Artillery on the 17th of June. 1867, and
was an officer of that regiment until
his death. He was commissioned as
captain on the 4th of December, 1888.
It Is probable that Captain Capron
will be buried in Arlington National
Cemetery, but no definite arrangements
for his funeral have yot been made.
SULTAN BROUGHT TO
THE BRITISH TERMS
Orders Disarmament of Ottoman
Troops in Candia— British Force
to Occupy the Town.
CANDIA, Island of Crete, Sept. 18.— The
Sultan has ordered Djevad Pasha, the
military commander in Crete, to accede
to the demand of the British admiral,
Henry Noel, for disarmament, thus com
plying with the whole ultimatum of the
ad"mlral. A British military detachment
to-day ocouplorl the entrance to the fort
and It is rumored that the Ottoman troops
will be withdrawn and a British force will
occupy the town.
Among the prisoners already nancea
over to Admiral Noel are two who arc
credited with being the ringleaders in
the attack on the British camp.
MANY FIRES AT SACRAMENTO.
Growing Belief That an Incendiary
Is at Work in the City.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 18.— The loss by
the fire that burned the Booth building on
Front street this morning amounts to
about $15,000 on the building nnd fmm
$15,000 to $20,000 on the contents, owned
by the W. P. Fuller Company, which car
ried heavy insurance. Seven fine horses
stabled In the rear were burned.
About 4 o'clock, while the city's three
engines were being housed, a flre started
in a small structure on L street, between
Second and Third, atyl it was burned. At
"> o'clock fire broke out in a Juputietfe
licuso in the rear of SOS L Street. Rkla
Kadido was terribly burned and may die.
Hip wife and child barely escaped with
their lives. Both the first fires are be
lieved to have been Incendiary. Ther*
have been so many fires in the last few
weeks that it would seem that a fire
bug is at work.
THE LATE MISS WINNIE DAVIS.
youth. She was engaged to Mr. Wil
kerson of Syracuse, N. V., but shortly
after her father's death the engage
ment was broken off. While no pub
lic explanation of the rupture was
given, it is well known that it was for
the purpose of maintaining her father's
name. She received the name,
"Daughter of the Confederacy," in
1886, when her father made his famous
trip through the South. Mr. Davis be
ing unable to appear, Miss Winnie was
brought before the thousands at the
different points along the route and in
troduced as the "Daughter of the Con
federacy."
NEW LIE ACROSS
THE CONTINENT
Through Chicago and
the Northwest.
BALTIMORE AND OHIO DEAL
EXTENSION ON AN ELABORATE
SCALE.
Fast Road From the Atlantic Sea
board to St. Louis — Proposed
Changes or the New
Purchasers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, Zept. 18.— The officials
of the Baltimore and Ohio Railway,
who were in conference hero yesterday
parties in New York, and after confer
ence to-day. Receiver John K. Cowen
left to-tiTht for Baltimore. Receiver
Oscar G. Murray, General Manager
W. M. Greene and others leave to-mor
ro-v on a tour of inspection from here
to Columbus, Newark and Sandusky,
thence over the Chicago division.
"While the conference here Is believed
to have been on estimates for better
ments of the Southwestern system, it
Is stated that Receiver Murray will
make a similar report or the trans-
Ohio division from Pittsburg and
Wheeling to Chicago to the reorganiza
tion committee for the new purchasers,
which include leading capitalists In the
Northwest. It is stated that the pur
pose is not only to have a great trans
continental line through Chicago and
the Northwest, but also to have a fast
line from the Atlantic scabo.ird to St.
Louis, and that the whole Southwest
ern system will soon be equipped with
ninety pound rails after the grades are
changed and other improvements are
made. So far most of the Improve
ments under the receivers have been
east of the Ohio River, and now the
road Is to be perfected west of the
Ohio and with double tracks some of
the distance.
In connection with the proposed
changes of the new purchasers it is
said that Receiver Cowen lias gone to
confer with the holdings of Johns Hop
kins University, and that when Presi
dent E. R. Bacon returns to New York
to-morrow night he will see interested
parties in New York, and after confer
ring with the reorganization committee
go to Europe to confer with English
interests. It is the current report here
that Mr. Cowen will be propident of the
new company and Mr. Murray . vice
president, with Mr. Bacon in the new
board, as well as the capitalists from
the East and the Northwest.
ATTRACTIONS FOR THE
• OMAHA EXPOSITION
Fifteen United States Senators and a
Sham .Battle by Five Hundred
Indians in War Paint.
OMAHA, Sept. 18.— The total attendance
at the exposition last week was 110,943.
The grand total is now nearly a million
and a half. A notable event for this week
Is booked for Tuesday, the 20th. when
fifteen or more United States Senators
will pay an official visit to the exposi
tion in accordance with a Senate resolu
tion. A banquet will be tendered the dis
tinguished guests.
lowa day, Wednesday, promises to be
the most popular event of the week. Re
ports by the railroads indicate a very
large attendance by lowans, while the
programme Is elaborate.
A sham battle by 800 Indians in paint
and feathers, commanded by Geronimo,
the Apache chief, is a feature. This old
cutthroat received an ovation on his ap
pearance yesterday.
I Leading Life Insurance Man Dead.
LANCASTER, Pa.. Sept. IS.— Lewis L.
Ilaup, president of the North American
Life Insurance Company of Philadelphia,
is dead. During the Civil War he was as
sociated with his brother. Brigadier Gen
eral Haup, *in charge of the engineer
work of the army.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1893.
STARVING WITH
FOOD IN SIGHT
Awful State of Affairs
at Havana.
A SERIOUS CRISIS AT HAND
SUPPLIES BEFUSED A LANDING
BY OFFICIALS.
Insurgents Have Observed the Ar
mistice, but Are New Becom
ing Threatening — Story of
an American.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
HeraW. Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
HAVANA, Cuba, Sept. IS.— A reply
on the Comal question is expected to
morrow or Tuesday. The answer can
not come too soon. It was the food
problem that caused bad feeling be
tween the United States and Spain be
fore the war. It is. the food problem
now that is bringing nearer and nearer
a serious crisis. The insurgent Cubans
have thus far observed the suspension
of hostilities, but the insurgents, armed
as they are still, cannot be left to
starve many days longer if peace is to
be preserved in the island. To the
pangs of hunger from which they are
suffering, aggravation is added by the
knowledge that the Comal, laden with
a cargo of supplies, is not allowed to
land them.
PUEBLO, Col., Sept. 18.— A letter hag
been received here from a well-known
Pueblo citizen, who has been In Ha
vana in an official capacity and was
one of the very few Americans admit
ted for special reasons to witness the
feeding of the poor at Havana soup
houses before they were closed byßlan
co's orders last week. Tl. i letter was
sent in four pieces to elude attention in
the malls. Among other things It says:
"Large basins were placed about on
the floor, filled with a sort of soup
made of beans, rice and sometimes a
bit of meat cooked with it. This was
dipped Into smaller pans — one pan to a
family or group. Among the notes
taken I find that the allowance of meat
is eighty poum-s per week for 500 per
sons. For the very sick and the small
children a scant portion of condensed
milk Is given. Bread is never issued.
•'I counted eighteen on the upper
floor, more d d thaif alive, some of
them suffering intensely. A mother
with six children occupied two cots.
Three of the smaller children were
scarcely alive, our boys, 10 to 13 years
old, lay panting for life: three young
girls were so swollen about the body
and limbs that they could not move —
all these and many more were waiting
to die. Several elderly women were
among them. Altogether the sight was
frightful."
Of a small child the writer says:
"The face was skin over the little
bones. Such eyes— oh, that picture!
The mother was in the same condition,
while tears ran down her face. We
turned and followed them. Later I
asked her some questions through the
interpreter. Her story l» beyond con
ception — too cruel to be published and
sent into homes among children."
The writer describes the refusal of
Spanish authorities to permit the land
ing of tons of food sent to Havana by
the Red Cross for these poor people,
and the soup houses are now closed.
SHEEPMEN ARHESTED
BY UTAH CAVALRY
Yosemite Valley Herders Brought in
as Prisoners and Their
Flocks Scatter jd.
"WAWONA, Sept. 18.— People in this
section are realizing that the Utah Cav
alry, commanded by Captain Came, Is
here on a good mission, which it Is cred
itably fulfilling by driving from Yosemite
National Park sheepherders found tres
passing with thousands of sheep. Lieu
tenant Klmball, in charge of a detail
patrolling the eastern section, arrested
and sent In yesterday by Sergeant Price
nine sheep men with animals and packs.
Their sheep were scattered, and unless
they are cared for by the men's confed
erates the loss to the owners will be
heavy. Another detail from the north
western boundary brought in five men
found with stock grazing in the park.
Lieutenant Kimball is still patrolling the
park, and as numerous bands are known
to be within the park limits, many ar
rests will undoubtedly follow.
One band of sheep dispersed by Lieu
tenant Klmball is said to belong to Mr.
Shubert of San Francisco.
Some of the herders captured opposed
arrest, causing trouble by refusing to
surrender when ordered to do so by Ser
geant Price.
Thoy reluctantly submitted, however,
when covered by firearms. They were
compelled to walk from the place of ar
rrst to Camp Wood, thirty miles dis
tant. To prevent their escape at night
the men were divested of most of their
clothing. A number of fires known to
have been recently started in the park
were set, it is thought, by the sheep men.
who thought the soldiers would be kept
so busy extinguishing them as to find no
time to molest their flocks In the park.
Because of the dry season there is a
scarcity of water throughout the park.
Many streams are dry, and thousands
of trout which were sent this season from
the hatchery at Wawona have died.
TRANSPORT MICHIGAN
ARRIVES AT NEW YORK
Brings but a Few Passengers From
Santiago, All of Wliom Are
in Good Health.
NEW YORK, Sept. IS.— The United
States transport Michigan arrived this
morning from Santiago, from which port
she sailed on September 11. The Michi
gan brought twenty-nine passengers,
among whom were Captain Charles T.
Baker, assistant quartermaster; Captain
E. Primelles of the Cuban army. Sur
geons Kennedy and Agromono and two
army clerks. The other passengers were
hospital stewards, nurses and laborers.
The Michigan was boarded by the health
officers here shortly after 6 a. m., nnd all
being well on board and the transport in
good sanitary condition she was permit
ted to proceed. The transport anchored
off liberty Island, awaiting instructions
from the Quartermaster's Department.
The United States transport Chester ar
rived this morning from Montauk.
The United States ship Iris arrived this
morning and anchored off Tompkinsvllle.
WEDDED FIFTY YEARS.
Golden Jubilee of Rev. and Mrs.
Davis of Carson City.
CA«SON CITY. Sept. 18. -The Rev. and
Mrs. George R. Davis of Carson City will
celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of their
marriage on Tuesday evening. Mr. Davis
is chaplain of the Nevada State Prison
and was formerly rector of the Episcopal
church in Suisun and Marysvllle, Cal.,
and Nevada City in this State. His sons
are all well-known newspaper men. The
eldest is Sam Davis of the Carson Ap
peal. The second is William Davis, who
is on the Stockton Mail. "Bob," the
youngest. Is connected with the New York
Journal. His only daughter. Minnie, is
the wife of Colonel H. G. Shaw of this
city.
LAVA SPREADS IN
EVERY DIRECTION
The EruptioQ of Vesuvius Causiog
Gloomy £3pprehensior)s Among
People Living Near By.
NAPLES, Sept. 18. — A state of gloomy apprehension prevails
among the population regarding the eruption of Vesuvius, which
is hourly becoming more active and menacing. Streams of lava are
spreading in every direction. The most threatening of these flows
through the Vedrino Valley, which i.= almost filled. The observatory
which originally stood at a height of 610 meters, is now only twen
ty-seven meters above the sea level, owing to the sinking of the
ground. Seven new craters have formed around the central one,
and this has not tended to diminish the fears formerly felt, which
were based upon the eruption of stones and scoria similar to that
which occurred in 1872.
WIFE AND BABE
PERISH IN FIRE
Shocking Accident Near
Bakersfield.
GASOLINE STOVF EXPLODES
MRS. MORRISON RECEIVES
FATAL BURNS.
H«r Home Destroyed and a Neigh
bor's Attempt to Save Her
Child From Death Proves
Unavailing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, Sept. 18. — Mrs.
Frank Morrison and her infant child
were burned to death in a fire that de
stroyed their home near this city last
evening. The fire started from the ex
plosion of a gasoline stove. J. S. Moyle,
a neighbor, heard the explosion and
Baw flames issuing from the doors and
windows of Morrison's house. Moyle
hurried to the scene and met Mrs. Mor
r:;on coming out of the kitchen with
her clothing ablaze.
Moyle had the woman lie down and
ro! 1 near a hydrant, where the ground
was wet. In this way the flames that
enveloped her were extinguished. Mrs.
Morrison cried repeatedly: "Oh, my
baby!" Moyle then tried to get into the
burning house to rescue the baby, but
the flames drove htm back and the
child was burned in the house. Mrs.
Morrison walked to Moyle's house, a
block away, where she died a few
hours after.
Morrison was away from home at the
time, working at the Kern River flour
ing mills, where he has been employed
the past six years. The Morrisons were
young people and of good families.
CAPTAIN M'CQRMICrT
ASSIGNED TO DUTY
Commandant of the Washington
Navy i.ard — Formerly in Com
mand of the Oregon.
NEW YORK. Sept. IS.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: It is proposed
by the Navy Department to assign Cap
tain A. H. McCormick to duty as com
mandant of the Washington navy yard.
He will relieve Commodore C. S. Norton,
retired. Captain McCormick was in com
mand of the Oregon just before she
started on her famous trip around the
Horn, but unfortunately became ill, and
upon recommendation of the board of
medical survey the department was com
pelled to dotach him and assign Captain
C J Clark to that vessel. Captain Mc-
Cornilek has recovered from his illness
and has asked lor duty.
ACCUSED OF LIBEL.
Captain of Immunes Prefers Charges
Against a Sergeant.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Sept. Yes
terday charges were ; preferred by Cap
tain ; Miller of the Second Immune Regi
ment and Captain Shelley of the Fifth
immunes 'against Sergeant Joseph W.
Johnson of the Third Regiment ; for ma
liKnlnK and libelling the officers and
soldiers of their respective regiments in
an article published in the Atlanta Con
stitution August 2.
* ADVERTISEMENTS. __''■.•■■■ '.'■ ... '■':..■■'
000000000000000000000000000000000000
I FEELS LIKE A NEW MAN! I
o . • ;■-' : '• ■ " "■'-•• - : ; ' ; ■ - . \. -, .- > o
% Dp. Sanden's Electric Belt Makes a Re- g
o markable Cure in Two Months. o
o • o
" t^mttullSi IjF^^. He filled his nerves with the O
O /^i^a^M <?L \ fire of life every night for two O
ft Mbb T V months, gradually building up his ft
O QPw \v\ vitality. Every day he grew ft
© ■ 'tm '■'.** lf\\ 'Mr ■"■■ ••! v\' stronger, and now he is full of ft
O iMrir _*ffTV \^Jji '\^ '*/ II youth, full of energy, a strong and ft
% l^ v & Read What He Says : °
ft W J^ . ' -JffiSSlJWr CHICO, Cal., June 4, 1898. **
■ X 5 A A!? . r'^S^HsV! DTI. SANDEN— Dear Sir: Over two O
O I I^.v\\ L.iJ^£ I %JMt2EXW^Mi months aso I purchased one of your rt
ft I f &BBBPRUA Electric Belts. I have worn it regularly «
V I <lC^Ksaaw^3ar.C HllsagaßWli^K* :-/ since then,; and It has cured me of vital Q
O L «i BKInM If ■ weakness ■of three years' standing. It
O^. vj HmM !P ' has made me as well and. strong as a O
■ I^^ MfF .. person,; need -be. Before purchasing the n
ft ißDbw. j*Hr^\?Bßi HU C? !'* ■"' 'Belt" I was not able to do much work. v
a -' W^^' : >4O«rVVV\W HI '■'-■ Now I can do as much as any other man. .ft
" U * r *.^^H H^V '- You are at liberty, to use, thin testimony
ft ■ ' ' as you desire. Yours respectfully, O
** '■■■ ■■:,- ' , _ ■ * - * •-.---■ ■ --, JAMES ■ WRIGHT. q
o ARE YOU WEAK? o
O o
o ; It is grand to feel strong, humiliating :to feel weak. If you are o
X■ : weak Dr. Sanden's i Electric < Belt will cure you. It will make } you ;
S strong; it will steady your nerves and check * all waste ; of ; ; power in ,-•--**.
w I thirty days. .^ It ..is a ; grand cure -' or r all weakness, whatever the ti O
© > -ause. Call and ■ test this wonderful v, Belt. See what it : has done for o
O others; 10,000 : cures. Try Dr. Sanden's Electric : Belt if you are Q
O - weak.- If you can't call, send ; for Dr. Sanden's : famous book, " Three
X Classes of Men," which is free. ; Call or write to-day. . Do not put it ; off. y
J? : Address .. . • . J " O
■' H>R« ; A» T« ''SANDISIS' ■-.•*". .■,.'-• , . -.'.'.. ■■ ■ / ■■:■-.■. — ~~ r *, :> O~
70S Muk*t Stro.t, Corner E.srny, S»n ftjpihll. NOT IN DRUG STORES. - ; \ °
O ■"* Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m. ; Sundays. w/ ' ■■' :' . '_s_; :'_ ;■•"-•' f~7^~~ M .^. •"«-«'■ O
to 1. , Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 232 West , . **• Sanden *v Electric Belt _
O Second street :. Portland, -Or., 253 Washington U.never sold In drug stores \f
X ' street; Denver. Colo.. 931 Sixteenth street; = ; nor by traveling a«enu: only q
,V?: Dallas. Tex.. 285 Main street; But ' Mont.. j- *t our office. .  ', '>.*',
Q|: 110 North Main street. S:-^ -• ■ - If 7. ,,-. ■'.'... .... — ; ■ --..J^t-O
00 00 0 0000 6 000 O 0 0000 00 00 000 00
~-i*.*r-,*p-t.-,»-. •.';■■.■■■.*■—■■■■ ■.'".■ '. - ■"■ • .'•-..■'i*iß3^o!HSK»*aiSJ.------ ■ - ■■-•:'■- ■.?••-■ . -T-jfMstettjftasgteK'KV-.--'- '."i-'.:' ■:-.-'V~s- ■ /
SPANISH RULE
IS IMPOSSIBLE
Philippine Archbishop
Interviewed.
FAVORS AMERICAN CONTROL
RELIGIOUS ORDERS, HE SAYS,
MUST GO.
Most Vigorous Opponents of Liberty.
Spanish Soldiers Would Like
to Become American
Citizens.
MANILA, Sept. 18.— In an interview
with him by the correspondent of the
Associated Press, Archbishop Dosal of
the Philippine Islands said:
"I earnestly hope the islands will not
remain Spanish, because the rebels are
now so strong that such a course would
Inevitably cause appalling bloodshed.
The reconquest of the natives is im
possible until after years of the most
cruel warfare."
He also expressed the hope that the
Islands would not become absolutely In
dependent because it was certain that
dissensions would occur which would
result in incessant strife and a lapse
into barbarism through the natural in
dolence of the country. The only hope,
the Archbishop declared, was that a
strong Western power would intervene
now. Delay is dangerous, as the peo
ple are Intoxicated and restless.
He said it was undeniable that the
religious orders must go, but the whole
people had determined to abolish them
now that they were able to render their
retention impossible. He mid the
chief blame upon the Dominicans and
Franciscan Receletants, the richest or
ders, and next upon the Benedictines
and Capuchins, which are of lesser im
portance. The Jesuits, Archbishop
Dosal says, are comparatively docile.
He added that the rival orders are the
most vigorous opponents of liberty.
The provincials, who are approxi
mately equal to archdeacons, are
mainly responsible. They are utterly
beyond the control of the archbishop,
who denies possession of their power.
The total number of Spanish priests
In the Philippines before the war was
about 1000, but lately every departing
steamer has taken fifty or a hundred
of them away and now barely fifty are
here. He says he wishes to strengthen
himself.
Several responsible Spanish min
isters assured the correspondent that
they would refuse to remain here if
Spain was reinstated in control of the
island. Many Spanish soldiers refuse
to serve again and Spanish officers are
disgusted with the rottenness of
Spanish government and prefer to be
come American citizens. The annexa
tionists have a majority, but the dis
cussion of the subject has not been fin
ished.
Trinity's Democratic Ticket.
WEAVERVILLE. Sept. IS.— The Demo
cratic County convention has nominated
the following ticket:
Sheriff, F. P. Bergen.
Clerk, R. L. Carter.
Assessor, Jrsso Turtoliotte.
Treasurer. R. M. Steller.
District Attorney, H. R. Given.
Superintendent of Schools, A. F. Brae
ner.
Public Administrator, Dr. R. R. Wal
lace.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
♦ ♦
;8^ A Model Jf |
It* Suit for «JH|.l
I= ' As.. good- a suit as ♦
t•n «r you need care to 118111 ♦
1 — wear this winter. , S« ♦
♦ ' == Fitting as well and H : --«| ♦
! aqi; looking as well as i i -.♦
>. v—u — I anything your tailor . : ; .|/ ♦
♦ ~ I can turn out, and . t
♦ i— — - ♦
J Js~cb yours for less than F === ♦
>i- vt^di one-half the tailor's 0,85 %
X Your taste can be " ,%
: /^^^m suited by a . selec " 8- ♦
: mß™ tion from single and — — I
X double-breasted " j
♦ ; ""B li\ suits of cheviot, casT ()_ %
% and wor- z= ;
♦ S^ ed ' dark checks, ft Q r I
♦ HH rle P' aids Or P' am o — ♦
♦ ill I goods in every pop- = X
♦ Hi ular shade, hand- nqk t
I W^> somely trimmed v—u — X
X^ -:; M-* ■ " and finished. :1 : %
♦ '■■•: To men who have been the steady customer <♦
■J' of the tailor we especially recommend these J
«> handsome suits. They are ready to wear the «
■J- moment you need them— no bother, no wait- *
«► ing. A perfect fit guaranteed— less than half $>
♦ - what your tailor would charge, and money J
t back if you want it. Can we show you these «
♦" suits this week? . " •*
« — — — - — ♦
!s.N.wooD&co:j
: 718 Market Street, S. F. :
•
■♦'♦'♦'♦ ♦'♦ ♦♦'♦'♦♦♦ ♦'♦"♦ ♦ <S> ♦ 4><S> 4> 4> <J> <^ ♦ 4> ♦ <& <8> ♦ ♦ ♦ <S> 4> <$> 4> ♦ ♦>
'■••. - :■■ / ■ ■' '-■ ■■,■•■■.■■ -• ,
IyiCTDX/IT A K«»w» VITALITY
IMC Pi V I I M L OST VIGOR.
— AND MANHOOD
Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
diseases, all effects ol self^abuse, or excess and
indiscretion. A nervctonic and blood'ouilder.
Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and rex
stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
box; 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
guarantee to cure or refund the money.
WALLER BROS., 33 Grant aye., cor. Geary.
He was a foreman of the street cleaning de-
partment in New York City and, when speaking
of Ripans Tabules, said: "I used to have lots
of trouble with my heart, caused, my doctor
said, from an imperfect digestion. Amongst other
i remedies I used Ripans Tabules, and they are the
| finest thing I ever tried. They ' knocked out ' the
| Indigestion, and relieved the trouble in my heart,
| whatever it was. Since I began to use them, my
[ bowels are regular, and I feel ten per cent better.
I I can't recommend them too highly."
DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD,»VER,IUJMGS.
34
MONDAY .SEPTEMBER 19, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
Publication office Market and Third st*.. s. f.
Telephone Main 1868.
fcDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) It
served by carriers In this city and surrounding townt
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montft
65 cents.
THC WEEKLY CALL.. • year, by mall. $1.60
OAKLAND OFFICE .». 90S Broadway
tvEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World BaNdlag
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rift** ttoumm
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Bnlldtag
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, ooen until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open ui)tll 9:30
o'clock 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
IS4I Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2618
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 930 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEM tNTS.
Baldwin— "Ad rienne Lecouvreur."
Colombia— "Tlw Jsweae
r ■' Lepd Me Your Wife and "The First Bora."
Morosco's— 'TUo Coast Guard '
Tlvuil— "The Queen of Sheba."
Urpbentn Vaudeville.
Hew Comedy Theater—" What Haopened to Jones."
Alhambra, Eddy and Jones Btreets— Vaudeville,
lhe Chute*— Zoo, Vaudeville and Spanish Bull Fight.
Uyn.pia— Corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
fcl :;l b h:,thb— Swimming.
V. M. C. A. Auditorium— Concert. W edueaday. September 22
Th|E TRODE SITUATION.
NOTHING could be tamer than trade at present.
There is no feature out of the common hum
drum course of business, as far as anybody can
bee. The commercial statistical authority., chronicle
the usual schedule of comparative bank clearings,
comparative failures, comparative exports, and so on.
The current year shows up well enough under this
cold-blooded comparative business, though it is de
ficient in several directions. Thus the bank clearings
of the county last week were 4 per cent behind those
of the corresponding week last year, and those of San
Francisco have been running behind for some weeks
owing to the recent dry season, as already mentioned.
The loss last week was particularly heavy in New
York, where it ran up to 32 per cent, and was due to
the falling off in speculation in Wall street and to
contraction in financial operations through fear of a
possible tight money market. These apprehensions,
however, seemed to disappear at the close of the
week, as the market strengthened considerably under
foreign and local buying, and the day of the bears
was much curtailed thereby.
Merchandise conditions remain practically un
changed. The railway earnings arc still ahead of last
year, and this indicates a larger business, but whether
this larger business is attended with the profit of
former years is a question which is doubted in some
quarters. The great staples continue dull as a rule
at unchanged prices. Some cotton mills have
stopped, while as an offset some woolen mills report
more business. Hides and leather are in fair shape,
but not active. Wheat has moved up somewhat dur
ing the week The week's failures were 174, against
204 for the same week last year.
The local markets share the commonplace as
pects of the national ones. The whole field
is barren of feature, if a certain hardening tendency
in wheat during the past few days be excepted.
Nobody seems to know exactly why wheat
should go up at the moment, but it has cer
tainly improved during the past week, and closed
firm, though very dull. Following the governing
cereal, barley was also strong at a slight advance,
and hay likewise developed more strength, closing the
week with small advances in some descriptions. In
deed, the whole list of farm products appeared in bet
ter shape than at the close of the preceding week,
though there was no especial activity.
The fruit season is drawing to a close. It has been
a profitable one to the State on the whole, with indi
vidual losses here and there, but some people are al
ready beginning to worry about next year. They
fear that the present season has been so dry that the
fruit buds for next year's crops will not develop,
hence 1899 will turn out deficient in fruit, like 1898.
This may prove true, but there is no use in trying to
cross a bridge before one gets to it. There will be
plenty of time next year to worry about next year's
fruit crop.
Jobbers and exporters of merchandise are not com
plaining about trade, so it is natural to infer that they
are doing fairly. For the rest, collections are reported
average, failures are still running small and generally j
unimportant, and the supply of money is in excess of !
the demand as a rule.
Briefly, business is in that condition where it is
impossible to find much to say about it one way or
the other. As long as it remains thus we are all
right.
By the appointment of a committeee to examine
the evidence given in the Dreyfus case and deter
mine whether a new hearing should be gTanted the
French Government has taken the first step in the
direction of justice, and the next one will be easier.
When Alford. Gould and McNab appointed that
committee of one hundred cooks to stir and skim the
Democratic broth in this city, it never occurred to
them that the cooks might run away with the pot
and swallow the whole mess.
Possibly the rumor that English stockholders in
tend to make war upon Huntington will fail to alarm
the old gentleman. In fact, were he not engaged in
a fight with somebody he would probably think life
not worth living.
Many anarchists are leaving Europe for America.
Possibly this will be pleasing information for Ma
guire, but the rest of the country will not like it
The committee of one hundred bosses will now
present the Democrats with a committed ticket and
ask "What are you going to do about it?"
The only definite and positive statement that Ma
guire has thus far made during the campaign is that
his middle name is not Gallagher.
It is not the nigger in the African woodpile that
bothers Kitchener, but the appearance of a French
man in the situation.
There is a depressing outlook in the Botkin case
that Justice will not even get a chance to render a
Scotch verdict.
THE SAST FBASTCISCO CALL, MOISIPAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1898.
THE HUNDRED BOSSES.
ONCE the people of Athens, finding the rule
of the Pisistratid family intolerable, rose in
revolt, drove out the kings and established
their government in the hands of a council of thirty
members. That council became known to history as
the "Thirty Tyrants," and its exactions, oppressions
and public plunderings were far worse than any com
mitted by the royal despots.
Once the people of Rome, after expelling the Tar
quin kings, intrusted their government to a council
of ten. This council, known as the Decemvirs, stands
recorded as one of the most infamous governing
powers in the annals of nations.
Once the people of Israel gave their government
into the hands of a council of Judges, and Holy
Writ records of them that they were "the sons of
Belial and served not the Lord."
Once the people of France overthrew their mon
archy and chose to rule over them a convention
known as a constituent assembly, and the deeds of
that assembly constitute the blackest and bloodiest
page of tyranny and terror known to modern times.
History repeats itself. On a small scale and in
petty degrees the Democrats of Sam Francisco are ex
periencing the woes that befall any people or body
of men who put into power an irresponsible council,
sufficiently numerous in its membership for each man
to shift the blame for bad actions upon another, but
still so small as to be a clique rather than a true rep
resentation of the body it has been called upon to
govern.
The council of one hundred bosses of the San
Francisco Democracy has been in power but a short
time, and yet it has gone far along the path pursued
by the Thirty Tyrants, the Decemvirs, the Sons of
Belial and the makers of the Reign of Terror. It has
assumed to itself all the powers of an arbitrary and
wholly irresponsible assembly. Appointed for the
sole purpose of arbitrating the disputes between the
contending factions in the party in this city, it at
once set itself up as the permanent head of the party.
It named the delegates to the State convention
from this city, and by pledging them beforehand
named the candidate for Governor and other mem
bers of the State ticket. . Now it transforms itself
into a county convention, and on Monday night will
nominate all candidates for county and municipal
offices and for the legislative districts.
Never before in the history of American politics
has such a violent usurpation of the rights of the
members of a party been even so much as attempted.
The annals of Tammany Hall furnish no parallel to
it. What has been done in this city by Higgins,
Buckley, Mannix, Brady, Crimmins and Kelly is as
nothing in comparison with the boldness and shame
less audacity of the scheme. Other bosses have
worked their parties to the raw, but the hundred sons
of Belial have skinned Democracy.
In defense of their action the members of the coun
cil make the plea of hypocrites, "We are doing it
for the public good"; the plea of the Pharisees, "We
are more honest than other men"; the plea of con
fidence operators, "You can trust us, for we are
pious." Behind these pleas made ostentatiously to
the public there are threats and menaces to indi
viduals of the party, "We will ruin you if you op
pose us."
If the Democrats of San Francisco submit to this
dictation and support a ticket or even a single can
didate nominated by this self-constituted convention
they will have virtually abdicated the functions of
American citizenship. They will have ceased to be
members of a self-governing party and become the
blind followers of a clique more vicious than any
boss and more greedy than the henchmen that the
boss employs.
VOLUNTEERS IN MODERN WAR.
GENERAL WHEELER'S recent statement
that the United States must have a larger
force than at present of thoroughly trained
professional soldiers to do its fighting has added
new strength to the growing demand for an increase
of the regular army and for an even greater propor
tionate enlargement of the staff. The experience of
the short war with Spain seems to have been conclu
sive on the subject, and now there is very little in the
way of argument to be heard on the other side.
The authority of General Wheeler as an expert on
military matters is well established, nor can he be
justly charged with prejudice on the side of the regu
lars. It is true that he was trained at West Point
and has been educated to look upon war problems
from the standpoint of a professional soldier. On
the other hand, however, his whole military service
has been that of commanding volunteers. Both in
the Civil War and in the Santiago campaign his
troops have been of that class. He has, therefore,
close affiliations with volunteers and is not likely to
underrate their soldierly qualities or misjudge their
capacity for downright hard fighting.
As a matter of fact in what Wheeler and others
have urged as arguments for a larger regular army
there is nothing disparaging to either the courage,
the endurance or the loyalty of the volunteers. The
one point is that war in these days has become a
science which must bfc learned by study and by prac
tice. It is not the natural method of fighting which
is instinctive in the brave, but a matter of tactics and
skill which it takes time and training to acquire.
An illustration of one defect in the volunteer is
given in a criticism of the campaign around San
tiago by a British officer who was detailed by his
Government to observe it. As this officer, being a
foreigner, writes more critically than our own offi
cers would like to do, his words are worth considera
tion. He states that the losses of the Americans in
battle on the day of the hardest fighting were much
larger than they should have been, and that the cause
was the impatience of Roosevelt and his Rough
Riders to charge the enemy at once.
The critic maintains that Roosevelt should have
held his men back until the force sent to flank the
Spanish position had turned the wings and got an
enfilading fire on the center. Had that course been
followed the British observer of the fight is sanguine
the Spaniards would have been forced to retreat and
we would have captured their lines with a much
smaller loss of officers and men than we actually suf
fered.
A fearful demonstration of the evil consequences of
excessive valor in war in these days was given in the
slaughter of the daring Dervishes by the British torce
under General Kitchener in the recent battles in the
Soudan. Our brave volunteers escaped lightly in the
war with Spain, but were they confronted by a really
dangerous foe an attempt to rush things would be
terribly disastrous.
Among the defects of volunteer forces, therefore,
may be included an over"-confidence in sheer valor
and an over-eager desire on the part of officers and
men alike to distinguish themselves. This, taken to
gether with a lack of understanding of the compli
cated armaments of the age and a failure to appre
ciate the advantage of tactics, exposes volunteers to
heavy losses. It is therefore an economy of life as
well as of money to provide professional soldiers for
war purposes, and since it seems that we are to have
wars, the expediency of providing for a more thor
ough training of our National Guard and the en
largement of the regular army is not to be disputed.
BARNES ON THE SENATORSHIP.
GENERAL BARNES has rarely been more for
cible or more eloquent than in the address
with which he opened the Republican cam
paign in this city on Saturday evening. He presented
in a striking manner the importance of the issues to
be determined by the popular vote in November, and
showed not only the weakness of the opposition party
and the personal inconsistencies of the opposition
candidate, Maguire, but the genuine strength of the
Republican position — a strength which, as the orator
pointed out, is so invincible that the fused factions
of opposition dare not directly assail it in this or in
any other State in the Union.
Able and interesting as the speech was throughout,
the most notable portion was that relating to the
United States Senatorship. General Barnes clearly
announced his own candidacy, and in dealing with
that of M. H. de Young said: "I do not care who
the man is, I don't care what newspaper he owns, if
he does not come up to the standard that has been
required of the United States Senators from this State
hitherto, he cannot be elected Senator, and all the
bosses that God ever spawned upon earth cannot
make him one."
No man who has any acquaintance with the senti
ment of the people of California, or with that of
Republicans only, will question the accuracy of that
statement. California has not been always strongly
represented in the Senate, her Senators have not al
ways taken high rank among the great statesmen of
the nation, but, as General Barnes said: "It has been
a very good list. Go back to Casserley (Democrat),
Hager (Democrat), Farley (Democrat), Sargent
(Republican), Stanford (Republican), Felton (Re
publican), White (Democrat), and Perkins (Repub
lican) — they are all gentlemen."
The people of the State intend to uphold that stan
dard. Any aspirant for the Senate who does not
measure up to the requirements dares not to openly
announce his candidacy. He can hope for success
only by secrecy during the campaign and the work
of the bosses afterward.
It was altogether right and fitting that the orator
chosen to open the Republicon campaign in San
Francisco should make this subject an impressive
feature of his address. It is important to the party.
The people know it, and it is time for the bosses
themselves to take heed.
THE STATE LIBRARY.
rRANK L. COOMBS, State Librarian, in his
report just filed with the Governor for the forty
eighth and forty-ninth fiscal years, ending June
30, 1898, makes ar. excellent showing for the institu
tion generally and has the satisfaction of submitting
a financial statement which discloses that the library
has on hand the considerable balance of $8968.
In one respect, however, the report is not of a
nature to be gratifying either to the librarian or to
the public. The usefulness of the institution is not
commensurate with its value or the cost of its main
tenance. As Mr. Coombs points out, the real value
of a library lies in its utility. If the State library
was designed and is supported by taxation merely to
be a storehouse of art and literature it fulfills its pur
pose, but if it was intended to serve the requirements
of the people for books it falls far short of its object.
Several suggestions are put forth as to the best
means of making the library widely and increasingly
useful to the people. The most important of these is
the one which The Call has repeatedly presented, that
of establishing a traveling library system with the
State library as a central storehouse, from which
volumes could be sent out to all parts of the State
for general reading.
This system is not one of experiment. It has been
thoroughly tested in many Eastern States and has
been found to be of great advantage to the thousands
of intelligent men and women who live in commu
nities where no great public libraries are maintained.
So successful has it been in practice that in every
State where it has been tried it is being rapidly ex
tended, and other States are arranging to adopt it.
California should not lag behind the progressive
commonwealths of the Union in a matter of this kind.
We have one of the finest State libraries in the na
tion, and it is folly not to so administer it as to give
the people the full benefit of it.
UNIVERSITY PRESIDENTS.
TvVO great educational institutions in New Eng
land, Amherst College and Brown University,
are at present engaged in a search for a presi
dent. In the New England States there are many
professors of ability and learning, but neither Am
herst nor Brown has been in a hurry to select a
presiding officer and chief executive from among
them. The trustees of each institution are well
aware that something more than fair ability and good
scholarship are needed in the head of a university in
these days, and they are looking for a strong natural
leader of men rather than an eminent scientist or
philosopher.
The University of California can offer much more
in the way of salary and opportunity for far-reaching
work than either of the two New England institu
tions. It ought, therefore, to easily win away from
them the strongest man now available for university
employment, but in order to do so the regents must
widen the field of their choice to include merit and
executive ability wherever they are found. Amherst
and Brown will not confine their search for the right
man to their States or even the New England group.
Neither should we confine ours to California.
There is no position in the world more promising
to an ambitious aspirant for fame and honor in the
upbuilding of a great university and the advancement
of learning than that which the presidency of the
University of California will offer. By reason of
causes which are inherent in the very nature of things,
California is destined to become one of the dominant
commonwealths of the Union, and San Francisco will
be one of the intellectual and artistic centers of the
world.
The university in which that intellectual life has its
source and glory will of necessity be an institution
of great potency and worldwide fame. It may well
excite the emulation of progressive scholars to be
among the leaders and directors of its career, and it
seems certain that the regents will find no difficulty
in obtaining the service of any man whom they may
esteem worthy of the honor.
One by one the obstacles between Dreyfus and a
fair deal seem to be disappearing. Some of them
commit suicide, and some adopt the more robust
method of resigning from office.
Alger is to be congratulated. The President, who
has already done him many favors, freely assents
to the proposition to have him investigated.
Why not annex England and get lomething worth
having?
A MAGDA IN THE LIFE.
Nance O'Neil's Are the Ambitions, Vicissi
. tudes and Victories of Sudermann's
Heroine.
BY ASHTON STEVENS.
During the waits In a rehearsal of
"The Jewess" at the Columbia yester
day morning Miss Nance O'Neil eat on
a box of properties and talked to me
about plays, people and critics and
things and herself. Especially about
herself and about one play — "Magda."
And In the -ife, ambitions and convic
tions of Nance O'Neil there is a tre-
Praying for Y\er F a >'ure.
mendous resemblance to those of Su
dermann's heroine.
Miss O'Neil has played the part of
Magda many times. She says that it
appeals to her more strongly than any
other character In modern literature.
She had intended to open her engage
ment with It to-night, and told me so
with her own lovely voice. But there
is a suit on about the American rights
to the piece, and so she had to change
the bill to "The Jewess."
"Anyway, there is Modjeska across
the street at the Baldwin." I said by
way of comfort; "she is something cf a
Sudermann specialist herself. We had
her Magda only last week."
"So much the better," said Miss
Belascoed by RaoK>n«
O'Neil, "for then San Francisco knows
the power and depth of the play. I
have never seen Modjeska's Magda,
nor rxise's, nor Bernhordt's, and I
don't want to see any of them. Imita
tion is too easy and seductive. I avoid
other people's characters as you would
avoid illustrations in a book. They In
terfere with your own individual con
ception and Interpretation. My Magda
is my own, and,' l think, the best thing
I do; and now that I am back home
and a star with a certain amount of
reputation and all that sort of thing, I
would like to show it to my old frienda.
Well, maybe this suit about the rights
will be over next week; if so, you shall
see me in the part, sure."
I said that I would give almost any
thing for the chance — and I would. If
the life of an actress ever has anything
to do with equipping her for the emo
tions of a role, then surely Nance
O'Neil must bring a deal of personal
feeling and conviction into her persona- *
tion of Magda. Her life has been as
Magda's. She went forth Into the
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Judge W. B. Wallace of Visalla, is at
the Lick.
M. J. Burke, a merchant of Salinas, is
at the Lick.
A. Ginocchio, a merchant of Jackson, is
at the Ruse.
E. R. ■Giftord, a merchant of Auburn, Is
at the Baldwin.
Jesse D. Carr, capitalist, of Salinas, Is
at the Occidental.
D. H. Arnold, a merchant of Colusa, is
at the Occidental.
Charles Syme, a mining man of French
Gulch, Is at the Russ.
F. S. Wenslngrer, a cattle man of Free
stone, is at the Occidental.
J. M. Wylmans, a well known mining
man of Newmans, Is at the Lick.
George Seymour, a tobacco inanufaotur
er of New York, is at the Palace.
J. Marlon Brooks, a lawyer and politi
cian of Los Angeles, is at the Grand.
Leon Carteri, a rancher and land owner
of Santa Barbara, 1b at the Baldwin.
H!. Sweet and wife arrived from New
York yesterday and are at the Palace.
Joseph Pascholy, the banker, and wife
have arrived from Nogales and are at the
Grand.
E. Newman, W. T. Hunter and W. R,
Townsend of Lob Angelea are registered
at the Occidental.
D. H. Jarvis and E. B. Bertholf, first
and second officers of th« Bear, are reg
istered at the Grand.
Dr. "W. T. McGlllicudy has returned
after an absence of several weeks, which
be passed traveling about the State.
I. H. Mulholland, the candidate for At
torney General, arrived from Independ
ence. Inyo County, yesterday, and is a
guest at the Russ.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The fiftieth anniversary of th© German
navy will be celebrated on November 9.
The cruiser ordered at Elblng by the
Russian admiralty is to have 17,000 horse
power and a guaranteed speed of 25 knots.
According to official reports from the
British Admiralty the Powerful made the
run from Yokohama to Hongkong last
month, averaging 20^ knots during twen
ty-four hours and consumed 540 tons of
coal.
It is only a few years ago that the Ger
man Iron-clad Kaiser of 7531 tons, built in
1574, was almost entirely rebuilt and al
tered. She Is, however, again in the hands
of mechanics at the Kiel dockyard under
going another reconstruction-
Two of the four torpedo-boat destroyers
built by Schichau at Elbing for China
have gone through their trials, giving
highly satisfactory results. One of the
i boats, called the Hal Lung, carried a load
Let sixty-seven tons and averaged 33.6 knots
world of art and grease paint against
the desires of her father. It Is said
that on the night of her first appear
ance on the stage he lifted up his voice
in open prayer-meeting and begged the
Heavenly Father to make the debut a
failure. It is a matter of record that
that prayer was not efficacious. Miss
Lampson — that was her name then —
went Cast a raw, lank, stage-struck
grlrl. But she had the right qualities
In her, and she worked and worked, and
was taken up by McKee Rankin and
drilled and softened and developed In
the secrets of the craft. One night In
New York a year or two ago while
playing with Rankin's stock company
she was "discovered" by that Irrepres
sible critic, Alan Dale, who made her
the subject of a column of hilarious
praise in the next day's Journal. Then
the other critics rushed over to
the Murray Hill Theater, and. according
to their styles and temperaments,
wrote more adulatory adjectives about
the young stranger from California.
And before the week was out Nance
O'Neil, actress, was made. She had to
Discovered by tlje Press.
sret a big new book to paste her press
notices in. She must have a trunkful
of such books by this time, for her
success was real and has since swelled
■with the seasons.
In the meantime the stern papa has
not relented, although he abstains
from public prayers in the matter.
And now In all the splendor of her
triumph, brave, confident, willing to
play against Modjeska or any other
living genius, Miss Nance O'Neil has
come back to her old home. It is the
play In the life.
Miss O'Nell Is full of that "I am I"
philosophy of Magda's. "My life is my
own," she says. "It is what I make It.
Perhaps, as In the play, my
Triumphant Keturn.
father would rather have Been
me come back a prodigal
daughter in rags and repentence. But
I have followed my heart's desire and
I've brought a little of it home with
me. Come and see me play Leah In
'The Jewess" to-morrow night; it isn't
Magda, but it's one of my big ones."
under trial conditions. The contract called
for 32 knots with 6500 horsepower.
The Komet and Meteor, torpedo gun
boats in the German navy, are laid up at
Kiel, having proved themselves failures
The Komet of 942 tons was built In 1892,
and the Meteor of 946 tons was built in
1890. They were calculated to have a speed
of 21 knots, but the latter boat never
reached it, as her horsepower fell short
of the contract, developing only 4500 in
stead of 6000.
The Terrible, sister ship to the Powerful,
has been undergoing certain overhauling
to her machinery at the Portsmouth dock
yard, with a view of overcoming the ex
cessive vibrations at high speed. She is
now believed to have overcome this
trouble, and during a thirty hours* run at
sea last month averaged 20H knots with
the tide and sea against her, the engines
developing 18,000 horsepower.
The recent theft of a signal book from
a British warship by one of tho quarter
masters has led to the issuance of strin
gent orders relative to the safe custody
of these important books. They are to
be inspected every week by captains of
the ships, and before any officer is allowed
access to them for instructional purposes
he is to Bign an undertaking for their
safekeeping. Officers of watches will also
be held responsible for handing over the
books to their successors on duty.
The new Russian cruisers are to be ex
ceptionally speedy. Six of 6000 tons will
be 400 feet in length, 53 feet beam and only
20 feet draught, with engines of 18 000
horsepower to give 23 knots speed Pour
cruisers of 3000 tons will be 385 feet in
length, 40 feet beam and 16 feet draught
and are to steam 25 knots. "Ehe battery
of the 6000-ton cruisers will consist of
twelve 6-inch, twelve 12-pounders and six
6-pounders, and that of the smaller crui
sers six 4.7-lnch and six 6-pounders be
sides six torpedo tubes. Both classes are
mi,es ar aTlo°kn^ fflCient * teamlnS **»
The British cruiser Diadem of 11,000 tons
recently built at Elder's yard. Glasgow'
has completed her sixty hours' trial at
sea under three-quarter full power The
ship steamed from Spithead to Cape Fin
isterre and returned to Spithead August
27. She was down to a mean draught of
26 feet 3 inches, or one foot over the nor
mal draught. With 270 pounds of steam
and 105.4 revolutions the engines devel
oped 12,791 horsepower, and gave an aver
age speed of 19.3 knots, which was consid
ered highly satisfactory, as the coal was
of a poor quality. With the full power of
16,500 a speed of 20%_knots is calculated
It Is a noticeable fact that of the many
orders placed in France, Germany and the
United States for Russian war vessels not
a single ship has been given to any of the
yards in Great Britain, and that country
is gradually losing a very lucrative busi
ness. Twenty years ago British shin
yards turned out naval vessels for prac
tically all other European powers, as well
as for South American republics, China
and Japan. At the present time Russia
18 no longer aepenaem on wirai. "i :i ""i
for naval vessels, and Germany not felone
builds her own ships, but is a formidul^
competitor for foreign orders. Japan in
a few years, will also be entirely independ
ent of foreign builders and British ship
yards will either not be considered wl'.en
naval orders are given out or must come
down below the figures of France aad
Germany. _
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
LIZARDS— J. M., Kelseyvllle, Ca!-
Without a more complete description this
department cannot give the desired in
formation about a lizard.
BUGLE CALLS— H. D. L.. Alcatrai.
City The bugle calls with the doggerel
accompaniment were published on the sth
of June last, but_not^in_The Call.
DISCHARGE FROM THE ARMY-A
Reader City. A man can secure his dis
fromth« aV m y of the United State. ; bjr
purchase after he has served a certain
time.
ELECTRICAL-C. P.. City, for in
formation about electricity at the Lni
versity of California. Berkeley^, address a
communication to the recorder of the
university at Berkeley, and he will for
ward a circular of information.
CARYSFORT REEF-E., City. Carya
fort Reef is a dangerous coral reef near
the southern extremity of Florida, latitude
26:13 north, longitude 80; 13 west on the
edge of the Gluf Stream. Upon it there
is an iron lighthouse with a revolving
light 166 feet above the sea.
NO RECORD HERE— M. ML, Los An
geles Cal. There is no record at the
army headquarters of the Department of
California of the troops that were left
at Guam. Ladrone Islands at the time
that they were captured. You will have
to write to the Secretary of War.
YOSEMITE VALLEY— A Reader, City.
The United States troops that are sent
to the Yosemite Valley remain there dur
ing the tourist season to act as police on.
the reservation. They remain there aa
long as their services are required. There
is no exact date when they shall leave
the post of duty.
SNAKES— J. M., Kelseyville, Cal.
Snakes are oviparous. They deposit from
ten to eighty eggs of an ellipoid shape
covered with a soft leathery shell. Milk
snakes, king snakes and swifts or racer 3
are described ip works on natural history
as harmless, still they are not the most
desirable of the animal creation to have
as pets.
MEDICAL, COLLEGES— S. A. S., Or
land, Cal. If this correspondent will ba
a little more explicit in regard to medi
cal colleges this department will find an
answer to the question asked, but it Is
at a loss to know what the correspond
ent wants to know by the question "Ara
there any non-recognized medical col
leges?" Non-recognized by whom?
TWO POEMS— L. E. S., City, and City
Subscriber. This department has not
been able to locate through the sources
of Information at its command the fol
lowing lines:
I would na Eie the linnet's sang
That echoes o'er the broomy lea,
Nor has it found in any of the collec
tions the poem called "The Last Glass."
Possibly some reader of this department
can assist the correspondents.
SICK MAN OF THE EAST—Subscrib
er, Oakland, Cal. The following is given
as the origin of the term "Sick Man of the
East" as aplied to Turkey: On the night
of the 9th of January, 1853. Sir George
Hamilton Seymour, the English Minister
to the Court of Russia, was at a party in
the parlors of the Archduchess Helene,
when Nicholas, the Czar of Russia, ap
proached him with reference to Eastern
affairs, and in the course of conversation
said that in regard to Turkey they had "a
very sick man on their hands." He also
spoke of Turkey as "the sick man of the
East."
SAILERS' SNUG HARBOR— Water
Front, City. The following are the quali
fications for admission into the Sailors'
Snug; Harbor, Staten Island, N. T.: The
persons for whose maintenance and sup
port the asylum was established fere de
scribed In the will of its founder and also
In the act of incorporation as "aged, de
crepit and worn-out sailors." Persons of
this description only are eligible to ad
mission as beneficiaries of the institu
tion. No person can be admitted who is
affected with any contagious disease, or
who is possessed of adequate means of
self support, either by his own labor or
from other sources; or, if foreign born,
who cannot furnish satisfactory evi
dence of having sailed for at least five
years under the flag of the United States,
either in the merchant or the naval serv
ice. Every applicant must present let
ters from at least two parties for whom
he has sailed, showing him to be eligible
to admission to the institution under the'
rules, stating how long he has sailed for
them, and that he is unable to earn a
livelihood for himself. Applicants must
apply in person at the agenfs office at 81
Nassau street, New York City.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.«
You will find the latest things in wall
paper at Clark's. 653 Market street. •
This week; best eyeglasses; specs; 15c
40c; 65 Fourth street; look out for No. 65. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Marcus Ward's and Hurlbut's fine writ
ing papers in ream goods, with envelopes
to match, tablets, papeteries. Koh-i-noor
pencils. Waterman pens, etc. Visitin*
cards and invitations a specialty San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Experiments with oil fuel are beine
nade for the first time by the British ad
miralty on the torpedo-boat Surly a.r
Portsmouth; *
First and Second
Class rates again reduced via the Santa F«
route. Call at the new ticket office. 62S Market.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing SyTmv"
Has been used over fifty year, by millions o«
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the sums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEI. DEL. CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply at
4 New ? twitgomery street. San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LEND US YODR EAR.
We want to tell you of the fine laundry
work we are doing, and all who appre-
ciate a beautiful color and fine medium
finish on their linen can get the bene-
fit of our experience and expert work-
manship. There is no laundry in town
where you can get such perfect satis-
faction as at the United States.
The United States Laundry, offica
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420.OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Pnrdiasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
jorters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CArALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any if the Following Tinni Pletse Kentlon "The CalL"
ART WARB AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
prilstlc Furniture and firt Ware Importers,
117 SUTTER STREET.
AUCTIONEERS.
f re Stock ril lin cpa h Montcotnery St.
/Jcttoneers.AlLLlr ff L - Ban Francisco.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WM. SCflflFNlNfi Shipping trade supplied.
""* JVUUCmnU, 639 Broadway street.
BELTING.
L P DFfiFN Manufacturer of Belting
• . *• UCIIC^» Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
slon St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
OJEoo and Works— MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery. j
CASCA FERRINE BITTERS,
The World's Greatest Tonic, Stomachic. Laxa-
tive. At all dealers. SIERRA PHARMA-
CEUTICAL CO.. 1.-17 Market St.
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox. 5-upt. H. Blyth. Kit
C ' W^ l?i ft \i S l llp plumbJ ««T. Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 564 J.
DENTIST.
DR. C W- RICHARDS, ■ &.*&"*!&„,.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON X, Rfl s and Steven-
HLUIHU I UUi S on Sts. Tel. Main 4
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & RON.
• , , 411-413 California street, rear.
Capital Rgprp sen ted over {14.000.000
FLOUR. !
NATION AI n? ur Mlll »- J - Martensteln St Co.
nAIIUHALt s\V. cor. Battery and Pacific su. !
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS RftYFS & Cfl Shipping Butcher.. m !
J.IJ- UwlU U Vl',, Clay. Tel. Malo i»4.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LF.IBOLD HARNESS CO.. 11l Larkln «t.. 8. T
Wholesale and Retell Manufacturers of an
kinds of Harness and dealers In Buggies.
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or write
HARDWARE.
DALACE Hardware Co. m porters S Dealers
* in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
All Through Saving His Dog.
Thomas Maguire, a laborer living at
S2S Dore street. was at Seventh and j
Townsend streets yesterday morning with
his dog. The animal was playing on the
track, and to save it from being run over |
THEY LIKE TO MAKE A DISPLAY.
Theatrical Managers Discuss a Rufe to Squefcfi the
Richfy Dressed Late-Comers,
WHETHER or not the major
ity who arrive at the thea
ter before the curtain goes
up shall be annoyed and
have their pleasure Inter
rupted by the minority who
come late Is a matter that
is attracting the attention of the the-
U managers of the city.
The discussion of the subject was
t about by the publication In
ill recently of a rule which is
fully enforced in Eastern cit
■: In one of the popular theaters
of Denver. The adopted rule Is as
follows:
"Patrons arriving after the rise of
rtaln will not be seated until
after the close of the act in progress
at the time of their arrival. Accom
modations will be provided for seat
ing late corners In the rear of the the
ater until that time. This action is
taken in justice to those who have
cultivate the commendable habit of
being punctual."
While the managers all agree as to
the justice and desirability of such
a rule and would be as glad to hall
its general advent as they were that
of the ordinance which made Captain
Hottanzi famous, and relegated for all
time the big theater hat to its proper
place, they do not think it can be
made a success in San Francisco.
•'The rule Is a very pruptr one and I
sincerely hope some way may be found
to bring about Its adoption in an ef
fective' manner," said J. J. Gottlob of
the firm of Friedlander, Gottlob &
Co., managers of the Baldwin, Colum
bia and California theaters. "For in
. you tuk'- such i>lays as were
r.-d by J-ienry Miller, where the
utmost quiet and attention were re
quired for their proper appreciation.
Jt wan a gross Imposition upon those
who arrived promptly to have people
come stringing in all through the first
act, spoiling the scenes for others and
distracting the players.
"The women are the worst culprits
in this respect," continued Mr. Gott
lob. "In many instances this late com
ing is the result of false pride. Some
have si beautiful new gown or wrap,
and it is necessary that they should
come in late bo that ther^ can be no
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
ft 1 1 HO Hunters' Equipments, Fishing;
l«llfll\ Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. Send
UUIIO for catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE.
Www 739 Market street.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley, Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scrlptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS. 186 Butter St.,
San Francisco. Telephone Mcln 917.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture blankets, Casslmeres, Tweeds and
Flannels. 638 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.
Goods for sale at all leading dry goods stores.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital, $4,000,000.
-, > 812 * CO.. Agent*.
101 California st
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THF RFP\'H4Rn Mattress Co.. 64* Mission
IklC DCKnIIAnV st. Telephone Main 1874.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF PULP AND paper co..
YYILLfIITILI I C 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Olflert 3Tlrm and Tjnr^«»«t Stork.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
a and » OTarrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairer*. .•;■
PRINTING. ~'
E. C HUGHES,Si 18 p aS^
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBBF.N & CO.,
REAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery st.
~~™ SEWING MACHINES.
"nfIMF^TIP" Pe-errinenty the machine 'for
UUuILOMU family use. 1021 Market street,
near Sixth. • v" . .' .
SOAP.
OR F fICY & Cft 123 California street
U. n. LUWI a I>U., room 37. Tel. Main 1661.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
MM < 55ae hle PARTR!D€E
THE RICKS- JUDD CO-> jm^ l^ „
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agent* and Publlo Weigher*.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses,
General office. 210 California st. Tel. Mala I*l4.
WALLPAPER. ~^
WHOLEf \LE & retail ; send for samples, stat-
lng quality & color. DUFFY CO.. 928 Howard.
WATCHES. ETC. ~ ~~~~
TI riVnV Headquarters ror fine Jewelry and
• LliM.'li fuiiig-k. Wedding Rings. ( id st.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
CARL F. HAAS manufacturer of wood arti-
cles of any description. Planing, turning, etc.
417 Mission ft.; tel. M. BM7.
by a shunting; engine Maguire rushed for
ward and was struck by the engine. He
w.-is ink.'n to the Receiving Hospital in
the ambulance, where it was found that
he had sustained a possible fractisr. of
the skull, a lacerated wound of the scalp
and contusions of the back and shoulder.
possibility of their being overlooked
by the other women. Then there is
that class who are afraid t.ieir friends
present will not know they are at the
theater unless they come In about the
middle of the first aci; and the higher
the price of the ticket the more such
people seem to feel obligated to com
mit this infraction of the niceties of
playhouse, etiquette. It is hard to reg
ulate such people, because if they
could not do these things the play
would have little attraction for them.
However, you can take these same in
dividuals under other circumstances
and they pride themselves on their po
liteness and good breeding.
"Probably the only way such a nuis
ance can be abolished will bo by the
force of public sentiment. If these
late comers were convinced that the
early comers they so regularly annoy
regard them as ill-bred peopic who do
not know any. better they would soon
find it fashionable to be in their seats
before the rise of the curtain."
"I tried that scheme a part of one
evening, and nearly had a riot," said
Mark Thall, manager of the Alcazar,
"and I am content to let people have
their own way in this matter. I am
the grandfather of the managers of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1898.
DR. BURNETT`S
WIFE PLAYS A
DOUBLE GAME
Now She Is Without
a Husband.
DIVORCE HAS BEEN GRANTED
SHE ADMITS THAT SHE LOVES
DR. FRANKLIN £. DUNCAN.
The Rival Young Medico Has Been
Very Attentive to Her Since
They First Met at a Danc
ing School.
It was in the autumn of 1891 that Dr.
Georgf* W. Burnett, a popular young
druggist whose store is on Turk street,
became acquainted with a divorced
woman named Lena W. Geantlt, who was
five years his senior. She was a rather
bright and attractive person, and the
doctor (ell hi love with her, proposed
marriage and was accepted. His father,
G. G. Burnett, who was known as a capi
talist, and who for many years conducted
a drug store at 327 Montgomery street,
strenuously opposed the marriage. The
son, nevertheless, made Lena W. Geantlt
his wife, and he h&s lived to repent it.
He probably ■wishes now that his father s
objections had prevailed, although he is
now a free man, having secured a di
vorce. He charged his wife with in
fidelity, and at the trial before Judge
Trout offered the most convincing 1 tosti
mony from several witnesses. Judge
Trout decreed to Pr. r?urnett two city
lots south of Golden Gate Park, and
this coast, and through a lifetime of
experience I have evolved the Idea
that I don't want to pose as a re
former. The other fellows can do that.
I believe In conducting my theater In
the same manner that a first-class
dry-goods house is run— keep what the
people want and give it to them with
out playing favorites. This matter of
punctual and late coming is between
the playgoers, and if the early comers,
who are the majority, cannot suppress
the objectionable late comers It is their
own fault. In this matter, notwith
standing it would be very delightful to
have such a rule accepted, I propose to
keep right in the middle of the road.
I have had enough of trying to' reg
ulate these swelled-head young bucks
who think that because they have
bought a seat or two they own the
theater. They are the fellows who
would block this game, for they have
neither manners nor sense."
"Such a rule could not be success
fully applied to a vaudeville house,"
said Manager Morriaty of th* Or
pheum, "but if I were running a legit
imate house I would expect to make
a failure if I did not protect the best
class of my patrons in that way.
These late comers don't care for the
play. They are the kind of people
who will pay $7 to hear Melba, and
not arrive until the latter part of the
first act. They don't understand the
music and don't care to, but they
know how to make themselves con
spicuous and a nuisance to those who
are there to enjoy the attraction."
The New Comedy Theater has
adopted the rule and put it in force
successfully on Monday night.
"Our theory," said Manager Klling
house, "Is to at all times- comply with
the wishes of our patrons in every
possible way, and in justice to our
early comers we are in duty bound to
carry out the policy of instructing
our ushers to seat the house to the rise
of the curtain on the first act, then
to keep in waiting until each act is
at an end for the seating of patrons
that may enter the auditorium, who
would then be seated, between acts.
This policy is being carried to a
successful issue In all the leading thea
ters In the East, and should be adopt
ed by the local theaters of this city.
We appeal to our patrons in this
cause, as our policy in the future
will be carried out as above an
nounced."
awarded to him the custody of the only
child, Lucille P. Burnett, aged six years.
To the defendant the court Rave tne
household furniture in the residence at
638 Haight street, which for some years,
has been the home of the couple.
The co-respondent is a handsome young
doctor, Franklin T. Duncan, a recent
graduate of the San Francisco College ot
Physicians and Surgeons, and who not
long ago opened a pharmacy in the Press
Club building on Ellis street. Dr. Dun
can tirst met Mrs. Burnett at a Sutter
street dancing school, where In the giddy
mazes of the whirling and entrancing
waltz he became enchanted with her, at
least so goes the story, which is wen
corroborated by the allegations set forth
in the petition for divorce and proven by
the testimony of the several witnesses
who related many events following the
dancing school friendship, dating back
about eighteen months.
Last summer, while Dr. Duncan was
an attache of the Soldiers' Home at
Yountville, he was visited by Mrs. Bur
nett, whom he Introduced to the other
resident physicians as his wifa.
Another charge was that Dr. Duncan
made his home at the Burnett residence
during the absence of Dr. Burnett In
Southern California several weeks last
fail.
Dr. Burnett, last spring, suspecting that
his wife was playing him false, separ
ated from her. It was not until quit©
recently, however, that he obtained the
proof necessary to warrant a suit for di
vorce. When he started to secure the evi
dence it came thick and fast. It was
brought out in the evidence that on one
occasion Dr. Burnett returned home un
expectedly, Dr. Duncan retreated from
the house through the back door, vaulted
over a high fence with all the ease and
agility of a Kymnast, and sped away
with the swiftness of a professional
sprinter, much to the astonishment as
well as amusement of some of the neigh
bors who witnessed the incident.
Dr. Duncan and Mrs. Burnett wer« ac
cused of having frequently met in a
clandestine manner, of having attended
theaters and taken late dinners together,
and so on, while the husband was faith
fully compounding prescriptions In his
Turk-street drug store.
At the trial Mrs. Burnett admitted that
she loved Dr. Duncan and did not care
for her husband. Dr. Duncan and Mrs.
Burnett have been seen in each other's
company quite frequently since the di
vorce suit, and It would not be at aJI
surprising to learn of their marriage in
the near future.
Asthma. Bronchitis, Catarrh cure fruarant'd. Dr.
Gordln, Sanitarium, 614 fine, nr. Kearny, S.F.CaI.
DEATH OF J. ROSS
BROWNE'S WIDOW
HER HUSBAND WAS MINISTER
TO CHINA.
Was Also Widely Known as a Gifted
Author, a Traveler and an
Able Journalist.
The demise in Oakland of Mrs. Lucy
Anrie Browne on Friday last and her In
terment yesterday afternoon will recall
to the pioneers of this State and the
residents of a generation ago the memory
of her gifted husband, J. Ross Browne.
The latter, who preceded his wife to the
grave in 1875, was born in Ireland in 1822
and came to America as a mere child. He
rounded the Horn in 1849 and spent sev
eral years in this vicinity. He then went
to Europe and the Holy Land and pub
lished "Vusef, a Crusade in the East,"
an interesting account of personal ex
perience of the Old World then seldom
visited by travelers. Returning to Cali
fornia in 1855 he won high favor from the
Government in investigating Indian af
fairs. He revisited Europe in 1860 as cor
respondent far the Sacramento Union and
Harper's Magazine.
Although of a roving disposition Mr
Browne llnally settled down in the foot
hills of Oakland, and his residence known
as Pagoda Hill, attracted much attention
because of its Oriental style of architec
ture. In IS<* he succeded Burlingame as
Minister to China, and in October, 1575 he
passed away at his home across the bay.
Among hia contributions to literature
outside of his newspaper and magazine
work are "An American Family in Ger
many," "The Land of Thor," "Apache
Land" and "Crusoe's Island."
Mrs. Browne, who closely shared with
her husband his rambles in strange and
out-of-the-way places, had reached the
age of i 2 years. She was a woman of
great personal worth and leaves a large
circle of friends to mourn her loss
POLICEMAN WOUNDED.
Murderous Assault Upon C. M.
Barnes on Fifteenth and Mis
sion Streets.
As a result of a disturbance at a dance
hall on Mission and Fifteenth streets
early yesterday morning Policeman C.
M. Barnes is in St. Mary's Hospital suf
fering- from a severe lacerated wound of
the scalp, and it was by the merest
chance that his skull was not fractured.
About 3 o'clock Barnes was notifleu
that a hackman was creating; a disturb
ance in the cloak room in the dance hall.
He went there and found A. J. Morrison',
proprietor of livery stables on Mission
street, near Eighteenth, disputing with
a member of the committee. At the re
quest of the latter Barnes took posses
sion of Morrison and led him to the side
walk and told him to take his hack away.
Morrison refused and struck Barnes in
the face. A crowd had gathered and one
of them hit Barnes on the back of the
head with a blunt instrument, dazing
him. Barnes wheeled round and seeing
a man running away fired a couple of
shots in his direction to intimidate him,
but he escaped.
Policeman Connell. hearing- the shots
camps to Barnes' assistance, and Morri
son was taken to the Seventeenth street
station, where charges of battery and
resisting an officer were booked against
him. Barnes was taken to the Receiving 1
Hospital and later to St. Mary's Hos
pital.
Later a young man was arrested and
placed in "the tanks" on suspicion of
being the user of the blunt instrument,
and will be detained to w> if he can be
Identified. Barnes has been a terror to
the rowdy element on Sixteenth street
since he has been on the beat, and it is
thought that had something to do with
the murderous assault upon him.
The organization of the official Repub
lican Club will take place at Pixley Hall,
1534 Pacific avenue, on Tuesday evening,
September 20, IS9B. •
Stockton Too Hot to Wounds.
John Riley, who claims to have fired
the last shot on the Alabama during: her
engagement with the Kearsarge In June,
1564. made his appearance at the Receiv
ing Hospital yesterday morning to have a
gunshot wound in his left arm dressed.
Riley said he was shot by a man named
Pete Clark, owing to his religion, about
ten days ago. and as it was too hot in
Stockton he determined to come here till
his wounded arm was better. Riley lives
on an ark in McLeods Lake, Stockton.
Buy wall paper and window shades at
Clark's, 653 Market street. Country or
ders solicited. *
INCOMPLETE
REPORT ON THE
CITY TAX LEVY
Will Be Presented to
the Supervisors.
THE RESULT OF A TANGLE
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE TO
SHUT RESPONSIBILITY.
It Has Disagreed on the Large Ap
propriations, but on the Small
Ones There Was a Unani
mity of Opinion.
The Supervisors will meet this morn-
Ing at 10 o'clock to consider the tax levy.
The Finance Committee will present an
Incomplete report, but will not present it
in the customary way. Certain minor
appropriations will be recommended
unanimously by Chairman Rottanzi,
Devany and Haskins, but the report will
state that the chairman disagrees with
the other two members of the committee
regarding appropriations for streets and
the Mission zoo. Rottanzi wants to cut
the street department appropriation and
drop the zoo park altogether for the pres
ent. In conclusion the committee will
state that it cannot agree on these items
and will ask the board to step In and set
tle the matters at Issue without reference
to the committee. No total levy will be
suggested.
These statements are authoritative,
being made by one member of the Fi
nance Committee. He further stated that
the meeting of the Finance Committee on
Saturday evening was the last held on the
subject of the levy, no second meeting
being called for Sunday.
There were several chance meetings
yesterday between Supervisors Britt, De
lany, Rivers, Sheehan and Haskins.
There was considerable private discussion
pro and con on the subject of the Mission
zoo. This proposed "improvemervt" is the
hardest one on which to reach an agree
ment.
The Indications are that the even split
In the board will make the morning ses
sion to-day interesting. In view of the
fact that the law compels the Super
visors to fix the levy before they adjourn
this afternoon, the probabilities are that
some form of a compromise between the
6lx favoring $1 40 as the municipal rate
and the six who advocate $1 20 will be
made. In this event $1 30 may be the final
figure.
The whole Moslem race despise and
hate the sound of bells, which they say
cause the evil spirits to assemble to
gether. In consequence they are never
used on Mohammedan mosques.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33 and 38.
222-224 SUTTER STREET.
SPECIAL
Monday— —Wednesday
BUTTER—
Our finest creamery, square... .45
Two squares .85
i FOIE GRAS. Au Nnturel—
whole goose liver, without truffle;
La Forest brand; small tins .90
Regularly Jl 25 and $2; large tin 5.. ..51.40
COFFEE—
Popular blend, lb.. .20
Regularly 25c pound.
PATE DE FOIE GRAS—
La Forest brand, % tins; regularly
lie; tin........ .'.......... 60
GLYCERINE SOAP—
"La I*arlslenne,- Imported, %-lb bar,
10c; dozen ......91.10
FACE POWDER—
Victoria; a very fine article; regularly
25c; box 15
O. K. BOURBON WHISKY—
Regularly $1 and $4.
Three bottles 92.00
■ Gallon ......... — .........$3.00
NEW FIGS ARRIVED.
Use f*^ and
Facial Soap E£ / Facial Cream.
If anything alls your Skin, Scalp, Complex-
lon or Hair, call on or write Dermatologist
JOHN H. WOODBURY, 127 "West 42d St., New
York, 163 State St.. • Chicago. Use Woodbury's
Facial Soap, Facial Cream, Facial and Tooth
Powder. Sold everywhere. '
DR, MEYERS & CO;
iffff .-' -_j ,* Cure all weakness and diseases
Wr' "79&fW\ o{ men> Largest practice and
\JL - p3* rT - beat equipped medical iustitu-
tDß. MEYERS & CO.
Cure all weakness and diseases
of men. Largest practice and
best equipped medical institu-
tion on Pacific Coast. Estab-
VBiHlg'^J' lished 1 7 years. Privatkßoox
J^HGuB and advice free at office or by
mail. All letters confidential.
V^K>{p*t> T3l MARKET ST., 8. F.
X ?PATENTsf II
%S^33Q MARKET ST. S.r>i*»y '
■ ■• ■ ■
Subscribers ' camping :at . localities along
the line of ■ railroads where there are ■no
postal facilities can have The Call thrown
off at their camp by sending name and lo-
■ cation of - camp to ; The Call Subscription
\ Department. '^ - y '--A ; y-:.^;,v-::ff'v ;
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma [ County, 6 . Hours from ; San , Francisco.
\ ONE OP NATURE'S ' WONDERS. ?
. Grandest ' scenery. The hotel ■an ? enchanting
embowered , home. ; . Bath house . rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, 7 etc. ,"--.■?■ . • .r
NATURAL STEAM AND ; MINERAL BATHS.
i" Tepid Swimming i Lake. % Long-dis'_ar:^e Tele-.
phone, < Telegraph, eto. r r . Table -* unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 and 115 per week: $2 and 12 60 per
day.> - , ; >'R. M. HORTON, Proprietor.
'4r REST and HEALTH
ORGHARDSPRINGS
lithe foothills of the Sierra ftnAas, near Coifax. en C.P.R.8. ,
Plain, noict retreat, 'finest icenerf,' water," mountain air,
■'» > fruit, and all the year around climate in California.
Umi grounds u>4nrro«odlDfi. On R. R., IMollfl from Ssa FlUb
$8 a week. Open all year. Send for Botkltt.
. Address: Orchard Springs, Chicago Park, C*l.
•;: • ADVERTISEMENTS. '[_/.:_ <\
Hi-l-l-l-l-l-l-IHHI-l-l-l-i'l-l-l-l-Hhf
CITY OF |j|| PARIS :
DRY GOODS COMPANY. II
_ ±
NEW' AND EXCLUSIVE
COLORED DRESS GOODS +
F^OR AUTUMN WEAR. ■
.... '..■ - ■■ . • ~~r~ : ~~* .■■ '.'■ • '■ % - '~-~s~~i^.-ii*»
We are sho-vrlng » most COMPLETE and MAGNIFICENT AS- ' '
SORTMENT of all the VERY LATEST FABRICS for the SEASON. . .
PHENOMENAL success of our "SATIN VENETIAN" CLOTH ■ •
made EXPRESSLY for the City of Paris. ■
We offer the following SPECIALS for this week "
which are EXTRAORDINARY good value: II
82-lnch Extra Heavy Twilled Covert Amazon, new coloring*.
m : $S.OO Full Suit '■
-47-lnoh All-wool Oatmeal Cloth, solid colors, IB New Shades, 1 1
$4.50 Pull Suit
44-inch Imported French " Epingle," a ■very etyiish fabrio, in all th* | |
latest tints,
$9.00 Full SUM ||
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED. II
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY. "
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F. "
UNION SQUARE. * |
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK. S
MODJESKA,
And Her Capable Supporting Company.
: TO-NIGHT— TIME.
ADRIENNh LfcCOUVREUR."
Tuesday— "MAßT STUART." Remainder of
Week— Event, Gorgeous Production of Shakes-
peare's "ANTONY AND CLEOPATRA."
Elaborate Scenic Effects. • '^.^
Next Monday— AN . ENEMY TO THE KING.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT,
Appearance of the Distinguished
NANCE O'NEIL
And the McKEE RANKIN CO.
In the New Version of Mosenthal's Deborah,
♦'THE JEWESS."
; A Dramatic Treat.
JtfsMßsL
Corner Eddy and Jones St«. Tel. South 485.
MAGNIFICENT NEW ATTRACTIONS!
DIANA "ON" THE CHASE.
Admirably Presented by Mr. and Mrs. Drew.
THE MARVELOUS AUSTINS,
Most Thrilling Aerial Athletes Ever Seen.
THE HUMAN PLY. MLLE. AIMKE.
In Her Phenomenal Act of Celling Walking.
DEL PUENTE : -CORINNE.
FASSI
The Unparalleled Russian Fantastic Danseuse.
McHRIDE & DALLON,
The Greatest of All Irish Acts. .
MR. JOHN BYRNE, "Back From Klondike."
POWERS & HYDE.
With Their Pickaninnies and 20 Colored Mem.
bers in GRAND CAKE; WALK.
THE HARPERS. [
. Reserved Seats, . 2."c, . 50c. Box Seats, 600.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday—
25c. and Children, We, Any Seat.'
ffIOROSCO'S GRANTS
W altjcr MORQBCO, Sole Lessee and -Manatee
Commencing MONDAY, September 19th,
. . .THE. . .
WATERMAN
SISTERS
In Their Great Sin .'ng Specialties, In a Mag-
nificent Scenic Production of
THE COAST GUARD.
First Appearance of MISS MAUDE MILLER,
daughter of Joaquln Miller, the Poet of the
Sierras. ' •
Popular Prices— Reserved Seats, 25c and 50c:
Family Circle and Gallery. 10c. Matinees Sat-
urday and Sunday. Telephone Green 861.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Manager.
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON. .
TO-NIGHT; also Thursday, Saturday ana
Sunday evenings. First presentations In this
city of Goldmark's Biblical work,
"THE QUEEN OF SHEBA."
A Perfect Production " In Every Detail. .
TO-MORROW; also Wednesday and Friday,
evenings. Special Saturday matinee. Flotow's
Lyric Opera, "MARTHA," the tenderest of
all ballad operas.
Next Week— "lL TROVATORE," "ROMEO
AND JULIET."
Popular prices, 2T.c and 50c. N. B.— A' reser-
ved seat for the matinee, 25c. Our telephone
Bush 9. ■
AT A 7 AD Seats by Phone,
.rI.L,W r\JL^J-\.t\ MAIN 254.
THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
ROLAND REED'S Farce Comedy,
"LEND ME YOUR WIFE!"!
' And Last Week of
"THE FIRST BORN."
Next Week— Nat C. Goodwin's Masterpiece,
"IN MISSOURI." ' .
COMEDY _THEATER.
',"/'■ THIS EVENING
MATINEES— WED.. - SAT. AND SUN.
THE COMEDIAN,
HARRY CORSON CLARKE
V And His Own Company In
"WHAT HAPPENED TO JONES.":
;'.'-. By George H.--Broodhurst. .:
— -Constructed for Laughing Purposes Only
POPULAR PRICKS— Seats selling:, Comedy
Theater and 710 Market St."
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT BILL IN THE^FREE THEATER.
MARIE WOOD, BURNS •-'■ and EVAN'S; I
GEORGE HARRISON, CAMILIA; ORO, CLIF- I
FORD and ORO. A Host of Attractions and
the BIG BULL FIGHT. ,
■ 10c, including; Zoo and. Theater; Children, 50. j
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally from 7 a. ; m. until 11 p. 'm. .■
ADMISSION 10c - ;-■■-■' - - CHILDREN 3c
■'/Bathing, with admission, 1 25c; children, 20c
AgKEgh^ nroTooßAPss» THE NEW I
pPjggL from IJJE. B"BBMpiI ™
ViTaLIS iooiVa.Y^^^^^W^^\ JmH
THE ABOVE RESULTS.boaj Day. ''i«Q^WB
It quickly and surely re- .:• «rAT«r
moves •- Nervousness, Impotence, I ' 60Ul Day.
Nightly Emission*, Evil : Dreams, 1 --- ■ ■■*■■■■* ■- ■■■<*''
Wasting diseases and all effects Of self-abuse ex I
excess and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality,
Power and Failing Memory. Waids off Insanity
and consumption. Cures when all others fall. Insist
On having VITALIS, no other. Can be carried In
the vest pocket. By mail $1.00 per package or six -
' tor $5.00 with a guarantee |to Care or Keluiid
: the Money. Circular Free. Address ■--■-■ -,<■• ••
■: CALUMET MEDICINE CO., CHICAGO, ILL
■ \ Sold ' by . Owl Drug , Co.. S. F., "and Oakland.
AMUSEMENTS.
-i- - ■■ ■ - - -• - . —
NOVELTIES UPON NOVELTIES!
MLLE. JEANNE FRANKO, Violinist*.
THE PAOLIS & DOG, Comedy Acrobats.
LOUIS CAZEAU. the Magician.
FELIX MORRIS AND COMPANY'S N«W Act,
"THE VAGABOND."
BESSIE BONEHILL, New Songs.
ED M. FAVOR and EDITH SINCLAIR. By
request, "THE McGUIRES."
HINES & REMINGTON, In New York Type*.
THE TOW-ZOON-IN ARABS.
THE BIOGRAPH. New View*.
Reserved Seats 25c; Balcony, lOo; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 60c. Matinees Wednes-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
AITMPIi Eddy, cor. Mason— MOßß NEW
ULIiUrIA NOVELTIES. THE AMERICAN
ANNA HELD: KELLY & VIOLETTE- CON-
LIN & RIDER, Comedy Acrobats; MARTIN'S
WONDERFUL DOGS; TRIXEDO, and others.
Admission Free. Matinee Sunday. r
CLOSEONE EYE akothenTHE OTHER
IF you cannot SEE EQUALLY WELL BOTHNIA*
MID FAR CALL AND SEE US.( \ •*"
OPTICIANS 'photo^^hcV
v . taTIHC tNSTWJMtNTH
642 MARKET 5T.^
UKDtRCKROPIICLt ButlDiKow». '
United States Branch. '
STATEMENT
— THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OB* THB—
ROYAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, ■ pursuant to the provisions of section*
610 and 811 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company...... $2,082,977 4 X
Loans on bonds and mortgages...... 272,000 09
Cash market value of all stocks and
bunds owned by company 951, 329 41
Cash in company's office 1,467 63
Cash in banks 314,364 40
Interest due and accrued on all -
stocks and loans  47,487 OS
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages.....:.-.!...': 1,120 00
Premiums in due course of collection 762,882 IB
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
- for fire and marine risks ..". 1.874 77
Rents due and. accrued .v....; ......... 10,040 11
Due from other companies for rein-
■ surance on losses already paid 5,198 88
Total assets $7,400,19* 71
LIABILITIES.
I Losses adjusted and unpaid.. $59,022 71
[ Losses In process of adjustment or ■•■ ■ ■
In suspense 887,184 07
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 61,075 70
Gross premiums on nre risks run- -
ning one year or less, $3,211,567 41;
: reinsurance 60 per cent 1,N8,7H 71
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, . $4,411.-
309 64; reinsurance pro rata 2,MI.*SS 50
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual . fire insurance policies 221,181 IS
Liability under life department 121,459 75
Due and accrued for salaries, - rent,
taxes, etc 67.25S 41
All other demands against the com-
■ pany ••••• . 323,957 88
Total liabilities $5,032,112 93
INCOME.
Net • cash actually received for flr«
premiums $4,597,838 SI
Received for interest on bonds and • ■ -
mortgages 11.635 H
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, , loans and from
all other 50urce5.............. 179,149 99
Received for rents \. 47,507 11
Total Income $4,898,847 M
EXPENDITURES. "
! Net amount paid for flre losses (In-
• eluding $456,740 98. losses of pre-
i vious years) .......................:.. $2,588,666 24
! Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage. ..'...';. ........:... .......... 808,825 83
Paid for salaries, fees : and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 140,188 7»
Paid for ~ State, :: national and local
taxe5....... n .-....-.;-. 117,032 28
All other payments and expenditures. 183,089 68
Total expenditures ................ .$4.C57.203 70
.- • ':, ■■"{■ .■-■■-- - .■ ■ Fire. .
Losses incurred during the year $2,539, 29
.Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of risks writ- '■■"-
ten ) during the year.... $704,857,441 $5,895,897 74
' Net amount of risks ex- ■■ ■•.-,.. -.
I ptred during the year.. 628,744.013 5,889,255 48
I Net amount in force De- : <-*aabat* SKrfiwwan.tirt";
cember 31, 1837...;. V;.:. ; 780.815,754 7. 115 68
eTf. BEDD ALL, United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January. 1898. - ■ ' .
EDMUND HARVET, Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT
Royal Insurance Building, 1
COR. PINE AND ANSOME STS.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
ROLLA V. WATT, Manager.
>: JOHN R. HILLMAN, Mgr^Local Department
'" (J'l :/ *- BRANCH OFFICE : n<-:n < -:
Tlie J. 13. !L£.A.2S:'Vy"EIIjT-j 00.
! WeeHy GallTsl.so dbt Year
56
OLYMPICS WON
THE CYCLERS'
BIG ROAD RACE
First in Every Heat of
the Twenty-Mile.
SPLENDID TEAM WORK DID IT
WINGS TIME CLOSE TO THE EX
ISTING BECOBD.
Bay City Wheelmen and Acme Club
Lost Ground by an Accident
at the Start and Were
"Not in It."
The Olympic Club Wheelmen gained
fresh laurels yesterday, when their team
of five men won the annual twenty-mile
road race of the California Associated
Cycling Clubs at San Leandro, every
Olympic man being a winner in his par
ticular heat of the race.
Yesterday's event was one of the four
big road races conducted annually by the.
association, and the trophy contested for
is the most valuable of them all, being a
Wing of Olympics Sprints Home a Fast Winner.
magnificent cup donated by BaJcer A
Hamilton. In the first trial two years ago
the cup was won by the Acme Club of
Oakland. I,ast yMr the Bay Oltys cap
tured it. These two clubs were the only
ones In the race yesterday besides the
Olympics, the Bay Citys running Into sec
ond place and the Acmes third.
The Olympic team was the best organ
ized, and their men were trained to the
liour. Their pacemakers were well dis
tributed, and every condition foretold
that they would be returned victors. The
Bay Cltys, who ordinarily carry off the
palm for perfection of details, did not
put up so good a showing as usual. Peck,
the champion of the coast, rode for them,
but he was out of condition and had a
bad fall, which caused him to lose three
minutes to hl« Olympic opponent.
The best performance of the day was
made by J.E. Wing of the Olympic team,
who covered the twenty-mile course In
52 minutes 'XI seconds. While this time
doea n<it equal last year's record of 52 vi.
It Is very good, considering the condition
of the roads and the strong head wind
the riders had to buck against at certain
stages of the journey.
The race was started at I'ltchburg at Jl
o'clock. Fitchburg Is about three miles
west of San L.eanoro. Taking the county
road to San Leandro the riders then tra
versed the famous triangular course
twice, making the total uistanco of twen
ty miles, the llniah beinp In San I,eandro.
One man from each team, making a group
of three riders, with single, tandem and
triplet pricing machines In the lead ad
libitum, started at the appointed time, an
other bunch five minutes later, and so
on until the Jive groups were on their
way.
There was a bad spill shortly after the
first bunch started, in which the riders
•were Kragness (Olympic). Peck (Bay
City) and Ferris (Acme). Peck ran into
a tandem that was riding too close and
fell, taking Ferris down with him. Krag
ness escaped and got a lead of fuiiy a
quarter of a mile before the others could
borrow new wheels, remount and get
moving again. As it was both were con
siderably used up by the fall, and Krag
reps beat them in over three minutes at
the tape.
Fuller, Xoonan and Squires kept pretty
well together in the ■ second bunch. Ful
ler winning in the sprint at tne finish by
three-fifths of a second. , .
Wing made his fast time in the third. '
beating Llnd (Acme) by two minutes and
Davidson (Bay City) by nearly three,
though the latter was 111 and not at his
host.
Bozlo landed tho Olympics winners of
the fourth by the narrowest of leads over j
Black (Bay City) and Smith (Acme).
Russ rounded out the decisive Olympic
victory by a two-minute gain over the
Acme man and one and a half over the
Bay Cltyite.
Token- altogether It waa a very satis
factory contest, practically devoid of ac
cident, and the best team won. A pleas
ing feature of the day's , sport wan . evi
denced when the Bay Citys and Olympics,
who have long been sworn enemies,
cheered each otner after the finish, and
the member* of, the two clubs hobnobbed
nt lunch- and on the road coming home.
This good < feeling will probably be fur
ther cemented at the Joint run of the two
clubs to Mission San Jose next Sunday.
The following ■ whs the net riding time
of the men of the three team*: -• ■■.-.•.
Olympic • Club Wheelmen— E. O. ICrag
ress "3 -00. O. P. Fuller 53:2.1 2-5. J. E. Wing
r>?37 E. A. Bozio 53:30. E. F. .Russ 54:12. ■-.
Bay City r Wheelmen— F. G. Peck 56:15.
Ben Noonan 63:3<5. r W. -T. Davidson' 6s:o2,
R. J. Black r.3:3i:D..G. Sylvester 55:54.
Acme Club Wheelmen— George Ferris
67:37 Howard Squires r.3:35, I. R. 'Llnd
54:03. A T. Smith 53:50. A. Keidy 56:41.
The race 'was excellently conducted
throughout, and. great vvredlt. for this Is
due President C A. Adams and W. '.L,.
Loos, the new chairman of the road rac
inK board. James M. Hamilton, who was
there to represent ; the donors of the cup.
bad little to do afl referee, save to look
pleasant 1 and receive * congratulations on
th* success of- his • enterprise. < ■>-• -N ■ ■■■■'
The trophy was turned, over to the win
ners last evening, j when they - held •a s Jol
lification at the Post street clubhouse.
MURPHY IN
ANGER SHIED
A BALL BAT
Hurled a Club Over
the Grand Stand.
PACE'S OBJECTION THE CAUSE
FOB HIS BASH ACT HE WAS
SUSPENDED.
The San Franciscos Grave a miserable
Display That Thoy Claimed
Was the Great National
•■ Game.
BY JOE CORBETT.
Mr. Murphy, leader and captain of that*
collection of "bandbox" ball tossers
known as the San Francisco Club, dis
tinguished himself In a moet disagree
able manner yesterday afternoon at
Recreation Park by deliberately throwing
one of the Stockton club's bats over the
grand stand.
Never in the history of the great na
tional game has such an exhibition oc
curred, and, to the eyes of those who ad
mlr« the genteel player, this hasty action
of Murphy's will long be remembered
and deplored.
It happened toward the latter part of
a badly played game, in which Murphy's
cohorts gave another one of their mis
erable exhibitions. While at the plate.
Murphy conceived the singular idea that
a change of bats was necessary to se
cnre a base hit, and thereupon went to
the Stockton bench and helped himself.
There was nothing unusual about this
proceeding, as players very often do this
sort of thing. Pace, however, objected to
Murphy using the Stockton bats, and
while he was Justified in doing so. It was
nevertheless very small of him, but as
he persisted, after some debate. In which
the umpire took a hand. Murphy took the
bat and threw it clear over the grand
stand Into the street. It was an un
called for display of temper and hisses,
hoots and jeers were freely bestowed.
All through the game these hisses and
Jeers continued, ceasing only at the ex
piration of the contest. Murphy for his
stupid action was suspended for thirty
days.
The Stocktons were easy winners, the
score being- as follows:
SAN FRANCIPCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. Pa A. E.
E. Smith. 2 b 3 2 l o 0 1 0
H. Knig, s. s. & p.. 5 2 1 1 3 » 0
Murphy, lb 5 2 4 I X) 2 0
Munalian, 3 b S 1 0 9 2 1 2
Hammond, o 5 1 9 0 3 0 0
Dunleavy, r. f., 2 b.. 4 0 0 0 1 4 2
Hall, a. f. &s. a 6 0 p 0 2 0 1
Croll, 1. f 3 0 10*01
Sh»u, p. Ao. f 2 0 0 i.' y 1 0
Stroecker, r. t 3 1 0 0 2 0 0
Totals 40 9 7 S 27 11 ~7
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Srlna. 1 b 4 I 0 0 11 Q 0
Knell, p 6 3 1 0 0 0 1
N. Smith, 2 b S 2 1 0 3 S 1
Pace, c 4 t i 1 4 0 v
Billings, s. ■ 5 2 1 1 0 4 2
Ric«, o. t 4 2 I 0 1 0 1
Muller, 1. f 6 0 3 0 4 0 1
White, 3 b 3 6 0 v t i i
Novlett, r. t 6 110 2 0 0
Totals 42 14 11 I 27 11 *
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Stockton 6 4 S 0 0 0 0 9 o—l4
Base hits 1 4 4 9 0 6 11 OH
San Francisco £ 00110014—9
Base hits 1 01020912—7
SUMMARY.
Rune responsible lor— Knell 1, Shea 2. Three
base hit— Murphy. Two-base lilts— Croll, Pact.,
Hillings. Muller. Baa* on errors— San Fran
cisco 7, Stockton 3. Bases on balls-San Fran
cisco 2, Stockton 6. L*ft on bases— San Fran
cisco 6. Stockton 6. Struck out— By Krur 3,
by Knell 2. Hit by pitcher— Pace, Seina,
White. Double play— Billings to Smith to Sel
na. Wild pitches— Krujr 3. Time of game-
Two hours. Umpire— D. Creamer.
THE " BABIES " TBIUMPH.
They Finally Defeat the Hard-
Hitting Oakland Club.
WATSONVIL.LE, Sept. 18.— The "ba
bies" succeeded to-day In winning their
I first league game. Their opponents were
the hard-hitting Oaklands. The score at
I the end of the game was 3 to 1 In favor of
! Watsonvllle, and they did not pluy the
\ last half of the ninth. The on* run made
by Oakland wan In the fourth Inning. Two
' men were out when a fair ball wm batted
along the third-base line and hit Dono
j van who, after attempting to make home,
was returning to third. Umpire Smith
declared Donovan vntr. which in clearly
:in violation of the rules. Donovan after
ward came home and made the only tally
; for Oakland. Umpire Smith's Judgment
i of balls and strikes wan very deficient,
: anfl was unjust to both Ditchers. He fa
vored neither side, but a baaeboll audience
wants to see both pitchers In a game get
a fair deal from the umpire.
The Watsonville battery— Hartman and
j Donlin— put up a great game— one that
I suited the spectators to a dot. The local
; baseball patrons feel very Jubilant over the
victory of the home team, and think that
the "hoodoo," which has been with the
"Babies" since ther entrance into the
league, has been put to sleep for all time.
j Following Is the score:
WATSON VII,T,E.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A- E.
Hartman, c 4 0 10 6 10
Held. 1 b 3 0 1 1 U 1 1
Courtney, s. s 3 0 0 0 13 0
Donlin, p 3 1113 6 0
Franckf". 2 b 3 201450
McCarthy, 3 b I 0 0 0 3 10
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1898.
Albright, cf........ to 1110 0
Peters, r. f 10 0 0 0 10
Palmtag, I. t 3 0 0 0-; 0 0 0
.'.Totals 25 S T 4 27 18 1
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, c. f........' 3' 1112 10
O'Nell. 2 b.. ......... 4 0 , 0 0 4 11
Lang*. 3 b. .......... 4 0 t 0 2 3 1
Sullivan, 0... ....8 0 10 I. 5 2
Hardle, r. f..... 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Bliss, lb 3 0 1 0 11 1 0
Schmeer, 8. 8..; 3 0 0 0 18 0
Mosklman, 1.f. :../.. 3r 0 6 0-1 0 0
Russell, p. 3 0 10 2 8 1
Totals ■..*..■.'.. 'V.r.'.SO " 1 6 1• 24 17 5
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Watsonvtlle ....'....:. 0 1 0 2 0 0 0 0 ; •— 3
Base hits 0 121000©*— 4
Oakland ... ....0 0 0 10 0 0 0 o—l
Base bits ....... .....:. 1 0 0 2*2 0 0 0 I— fi
SUMMARY.
Two-baae hit— Held. Left on baaea— Oakland
4, V.'atsonvllle 4. Double : play— Donlln to
Francks to > Held. '■■ Bases on balls—Watson
rllle 4, Oakland 2. Hit by pitcher— Held. Struck
out— By Donlin 4, by Russell 1. Wild pitch—
Donlln rl. - Time of , — One hour and s3O
minutes. Umpire — Smith. . Scorer— T. A. . Peck
ham -.- ■• ;• ■• •■
Flayed a Fine Game.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 18.— The Gilt
Edges won from the San Jose baseball
team to-day by a score of 3 to 1 in one of
the finest exhibitions ever seen on the
local diamond. Doyle and Thomas were
both remarkably effective at critical
times and were given excellent support
by their respective teams. Doyle won his
own game by batting out a whole run In
the third Inning, bringing in Hutchinson.
In the fifth Thomas alao made a home
run— the only tally chalked up to the
visitors. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. 88. PO. A. E.
Peeples, 3 b 2 1 1 0 1 1 1
Hutchinr a, 2 b 2 1 6 0 S » 0
DoyU. v 4 12 10 2*
Stanley, c S 0 0 0 S 0 0
L».'-ii!i.-fc.i. a. s 4 0 1 0 1 2 0
Walker, c. f 5 0 0 0 1 0 0
Shanahan, 1 b S 0 0 0 11 0 1
Borland, 1. t 4 0 0 1110
Harvey, r. f 2 0 0 0 1 0 0
Totals 29 3 4 2 27 11 2
SAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockoff, I b S 0 1 2 6 2 0
Hanley. 1. f 4 0 10 0 0 0
P/ne, s. a 4 0 113 4 0
McGucken. o. t 4 0 0 0 5 0 0
Hanlon. 1 b 4 0 2 0 11 0 0
Eag&n. 2 b 4 0 9 0 2 4 1
Foley. r. t 8 o 1 0 C 0 0
Kent, c 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Thomas, p 4 110 12 0
Total* 34 1 7 8 27 12 1
RUNS BT INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 1-3
Basehlts 0 0 10 10 10 I— t
Ban Jose 0 0 0 0 1 • 0 0 o—l
Base hits 0 0 12 12 10 o—7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible lor Doyle 1. Thomaa 8.
Home runs— Doyle 1. Thomas 1. Two-bHse hits
— Hepler anil Foley. Sacrifice htt9— Peeples 2.
First base on errors— Sacramento 1. San Jose 2.
First base on cnlled ball?— On* Doyle 2, oft
Thomas 9. Left on bases -Sacramento 10, San
Jose 8. Struck out— By Dmfc 2. by Thomas 2.
Double plays— Eagan to Hanlon: .Lochhead to
Hutchinson to Shanahan. Time of game-One
hour and 20 minutes. Umpire— J. O'Connell.
Official scorer— O. A. Griffin.
Eevenge of the Beachcombers.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 18.— The Beach
combers took awful revenge on the Ath
letics for the defeat of the former when
the teams played here earlier In the sea
son. Tho visitors were unable to make a
run. Taylor, who pitched five inning*,
was batted all over the field, the Beach
combers scoring five runs. In the sixth
Inning FHepatnck was put In the box for
the Athletics. The local team scored
eight runs In that inning. Borchers
pitched a great game for the Beachcomb
ers, striking out nine men. Only one
scratch waa scored oft him, while the
Beachcombers got fourteen hits off Tav
j lor and Fitzpatriek. Daubenbls caught
i for Borchers, while Ford was catcher for
the Athletics.. The local team made two
I errors and the visitors seven. It was the
most crushing defeat administered to any
team this season.
Innings 1 2 8 4 5 6 7 8 9
i Santa Cruz 3 0 2 0 3 8 0 0 o—l6
Athletics 0 0 0000000—0
Injured the Umpire.
MARYSVILLE, Sept. 18.— The Lincoln
Cannery nine scored 22 runs In the ball
game here to-day, defeating the Marys
vllle Fruit Packing Company's team by
two runs. During the game Umpire Bord*
well was struck on the head by a foul tip
and was badly injured.
They Were Heavy Batters.
GRASS VAI/LKY. Sept. 18.— The third
game of the series between the Pioneers
and thj» Monarchs was won by the for
mer to-day. The score was 11 to 8. Both
sides did some heavy batting.
Martinez Amateurs Defeated.
In the baseball game yesterday be
tween the amateurs— Oamossi Kids and
Martlnes— the latter lost by a score of
12 to 7.
The Heesemans Smothered.
In the pame between the Golden Gates
and Heesemans yesterday afternoon the
latter were smothered by a score of 20
to 3.
St. Nicholas Nine Wins.
The St. Nicholas nine defeated the Clalr
Bros, club of Golden Gate yesterday.
Score 14 to t.
HE WAS WITH LETTER.
The Arrival of Three Members of the
Chicago Board of Trade.
G. B. French, J. P. Grler and J. R.
Murphy, merrjbers of the Chicago Board
of Trade, arrived in this city yesterday
morning and are guests at the Palace. Q.
B. French passed through the thrilling
days of the big belter deal with the
weight of big affairs on his shoulders. lie
It was who acted as young Letter's agent
In the purchasing of the great stores of
wheat which enabled the young Chica
goan to corner the market.
The three Chicago visitors are now
traveling about the country on their va
cation. They will remain in this city Juat
long enough to see the various points of
intereat.
BISHOP HURST'S
WORDS OF WISDOM
Eloquent Talk at the
Conference.
GENEROUS TO THE PAGANS
GIVES CBEDIT TO THOSE WHO
SEEK THE TRUTH.
Bey. F. C. Lee of Beno, Nev., Slated
for the Pastorate of the Califor
nia-Street Church in San
Francisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. IS.— the con
ference of Methodist ministers draws
nearer its close Its members are growing j
the more eager to learn in what lines j
their lot is to be cast for the coming year, |
and this eagerness is the harder to re- j
press since, it has become known that I
practically; all < the appointments have
been decided upon already. No one knows
positively what these appointments are j
to be except the Bishop and the presiding j
elders, and they guard their secret with
Jealous care. It really seems that they
enjoy giving their ministerial brethren
this season of painful anxiety, for with
the . tact of trained diplomatists they
parry or evade all leading questions
arong this line. .About the only change
that is positively known to the conference
at large is that -Rev. F.C. .Lee of Reno.
New, is to have the pastorate of the Cal
ifornia street Church in San Francisco.
Dr. Lee stands very high in Methodism,
and the conference is congratulating it
self upon so valuable an acquisition to Its
membership. . '
Conference business was, of course, sus
pended for to-day, but much was done
to celebrate that day of days to Metho-
Conference Sunday. The exercises
began at 9 o'clock this morning and con
tinued with scarcely a break until after
10 o'clock to-night.
The first event was the annual confer
ence "Love Feast," so dear to the heart
of the preacher, which was led by Rev.
H. B. Heacock, D.D., of Santa Clara. This
service fittingly led up to the conference
sermon at 11 o clock, which was preached
by the Right Rev. Bishop John Fletcher
Hurst, D.D., L.L.D.. of Washington, D. C,
the presiding officer of this conference.
An audience that filled the main audito
rium of the M. E. church and its two !
large annexes and then stood in aisles j
and along the walls greeted this eminent
man when he arose to speak, Notwith
standing the immense crowd and, the dis
comfort in the position of many not a
sound was. to be heard throughout the
bundling but the resonant i voice of the
Bishop and an occasional fervent Metho
dist "Amen" from one of his hearers.
Taking Acts xvii:27. "That they should
seek the Lord. If haply they might feel
after him, and find him. though he be not
far from every one of us," as his text,
the eminent divine talked of the worlds
great search for truth and perfection,
speaking in effect as follows:
There is no more fitting illustration of the
sublime in all history than Paul on Mars Hill,
for it Is the event in which Is found the cul
minating division between Paganism and
Christianity, from which have Issued streams
that are still flowing around the world. It
had Ions: been the custom of learned men to
come to Athens, the seat of all learning of that
age. Paul had been there often before, and
wise men hod heard of him and his new
teachings. They sent for him and were fas
cinated by his subtle speech. They took him
up to the Areopagus that he might ■■ there in
the presence of supreme Judges enunciate his
new doctrine that "all men are one In Christ. ...
and ■ that th« .world had always been , seeking;
Christ, who was truth. . _/ • ...
1 As Paul stood there, surrounded by all the
glories and wonders of Athens, he was not
effected by the great events of History they
represented, but continued to declare unity
of race and unttv Of savior. All men had
sought truth. Much of the history of human
ity can be found in these wild wanderings
after truth, all of which should command our
respect, whether they be those of Paganism
and idolatry or those of later and better men,
like Mohammed. The world had been led to
regard Mohammed in better light than as an
Impostor, for with all his ethical faults, his
sins against morality, his superstitions be
queathed to heirs of his beliefs, he was the
first man to abandon Idolatry, the first to be
convinced of the existence of one God only
and to teach such conviction.
The same truth may apply to other Pagan
faiths, and there are points to be conmended
in Buddhism, the faith of Zoroaster and
others, for their founders were true, following
the bfßt light they knew, struggling: with all
their powers after the real truth, and. Just as
a pearl diver groping in ocean depths for price
less pearl reaches and hopes for the best, and
on coming again to the surface may find his
hands Mil of wind and worth ess ;weeds . If
they have failed to fin.l the pearl of truth they
should not be blamed for what they could not
lAs we read of the search of Pagan minds for
the truth we come upon such examples as
Aristotle and Plato. Plato came very near
the truth in his remarkable doctrine that God
could come down to men and men rise up to
God. a doctrine that was a scintillation from
the cross that was to be and for which think
ers of the middle ages called him the fifth
evangelist. There is. however, no part of the
Christian Bible that does not eclipse the great
est • thought of Pagan minds, for all of It I*
true. Recent archaeological and other scien
tific research has proved It so clearly that even
Infidel minds must acknowledge It, that th»
Bible Is no mythological story. .
Among the most recent discoveries confirming
Bible history Is that of some of the treasure,
chambers In which Joseph stored corn against
the coming of Egypt's great famine.. There Is ,
not a single part of the New Testament bin
has been confirmed by tablets of stone or
papyrus documents.' . .\,. I
Another object of the world's great search |
la the perfect character, and reviewing all the
world's immortals we find not one without a ]
blemish until we come to the man of Naza- ,
reth lie wan a perfect character, the . first j
great answer to the world's search for truth,
in whose career there is not one word or deed
that might be other than it was. In describ
ing this wonderful character four gospels sup
plement each other. Matthew was commissioned
to paint a picture. : Mark • looked ot the com- j
pleted portrait and saw; points yet unfinished ;
and he added bits of color here and there, em
phasizing Matthew's work. Luke, more minute,
filled In details, supplying action and new ef
fects: while John glorified the whole with j
something of the divine.
At 2 p. m. ordination services were con
ducted by Bishop Hurst, assisted by
Bishop "W. M. Taylor, Rev. Drs. W. S.
Urmy, W. 8. Matthew, O. P. Mains, S. G.
Gale! E. E. Dodge, A. H. Need ham. E. R.
Dille, J. A. B. Wilson and J. N. Beard.
Dr. Needham presented on behalf of the
conference Edward H. Mackay, Fay
Donaldson and Edward L. Snowdon. !
candidates for deacons 1 orders. These j
men took their solemn vows according to j
the Methodißt Episcopal church ritual i
and the Bishop, placing his hands on the ;
heads of each, gave them authority to j
"perform the office of deacon in the !
church of God and to read the Holy
Scriptures in the church of God and teach !
and preach the same."
Dr. Needham then presented Leslie M.
Burwell, Frank Hindson, William A.
Kennedy and William Marshall, men who
had completed four years of probation
and were now candidates for full and
final orders as elders of the Methodist I
church. These youn* men took more
solemn and more binding vows than those
taken by the deacons, and were ordained
and consecrated by the imposition of the I
hands of Bishop Hurst and seven other ,
fathers in the church and grlven authority |
to administer the sacraments of the
church.
Then In behalf of the conference and
Methodist church throughout the world
the Bishop gave them the brotherly hand.
The service was Impressive.
Two deaconesses. Misses Holbrook an<f
Harvey, were presented for consecratior.
and at the conclusion of this ceremony
the conference, kneeling, sang "Take my
life and let it be consecrated. Lord, to
thee."
At the 6 p. m. conference the Epworth
League anniversary was celebrated. Rev.
E. P. Dennett, president of the California
Epworth league, presided, introducing
aa speakers of the evening Rev. Dr.
Jesse L. Hurlbut, secretary of the Ameri
can Methodist Sunday-school Union, and
Rev. Dr. George P. Mains of New York.
To-day's programme included another
anniversary celebration, that of the Con
ference Missionary Society , its president.
Rev. Dr. F. J. Masters, presiding and an
persons participating in the evening's ex
ercises being in some way connected with
missionary work. Dr* Masters was for
many years a missionary In China; Dr.
Evans, who read the Scriptures, had
lately returned from mission work In
Mexico, and Rev. Dr. A. J. Palmer of
New York, who delivered the main ad
dress of the evening, Is secretary of the
American Methodist Missionary Society.
Mrs. Thomas Hodge of San Francisco
sang the offertory, "Jerusalem." Miss
Nellie Rodgers of College Park rendered
beautifully "O rest In the Lord."
Dr. Palmer's theme was "Mission Work
as Carried on by the Methodist Episcopal
Church." He first outlined the work from
a business or financial standpoint, show
ing how all legal and financial questions
were submitted to a committee of trained
and successful business men. Enlarging
upon this, he declared that the work of
16.000 Methodist ministers who were giv
ing their services gratuitously in collect-
Ing missionary money was the secret of
the phenomenal success of the great work
of the society which he represented.
YOUNG BLOOD TELLS
AT THE RIFLE BUTTS
A. BREUSS APPEARS AS A NEW
CRACK SHOT.
Makes a Score of Sixty-Nine Points
and Surprises Old-Timers — An
Off Day at Shell Mound.
As time flies the older marksmen of the
various shooting organizations find that
despite their best efforts hands will trem
ble and the sight of a rifle describe trape
zolds and parabolas In the air, while the
younger men begin to emerge from the
chrysalis stage and make their presence
felt. This fact was well Illustrated at
Schuetzen Park yesterday, when A.
Breuss of the California Schuetzen Club
sont bullets into a target to a 69-polnt
tune. This is the best score made for a
long time, and Breu6s will hereafter be
reckoned among the greater lights.
T*ie Vereln Elntracht Shooting Section
held Its monthly bullseye shoot as well
as the California Schuetzen Club. O. Mul
ler, R. Stettin and Louts Schmidt made
dead centers of twenty-five points. When
measured by the instruments Muller's
shot was found to be a fraction the best.
The scores of the California Schuetzen
Club in detail were as follows:
O. Breuss 69, C. Kffing 203, J. Utschlg Sr. 259,
J. C. Wolden 288, C. J. Waller »6, J. F. Rob
inson 399. F. A. Kuhls 463. A. Rahweyler 578,
I-. Reubold 680. D. B. Paktor 615, O. Bremer
T25. J. Utschig Jr. 786, J. A. Feti MB. R. Lan
ger 834, H. Hampel 863, A. Strecker 1063. J. H.
Suss 1111, M. Reubold 1162, H. Eckmann 1196.
A. Jungblut 1207, F. Muller 1227. Oorge Hau
ser 1281, C. Bagehorn 1328, J. B. Turner 14M,
F. Hagerup 1334.
The Vereln Elntracht rings tallied as
follows:
A. Muller 2S. R. flfttln 25, L. Behmldt 25.
J. Toung 24, Captain F. Kuhls 24. C. Schroeder
22, Charles yon Hartlen 22, F. C. Haftrup 21.
C. Suehrstedt 19, H. Schwelcer 18. M. Huber 18.
Rifle at Shell Mound.
It was expected that Beveral of the
shooting clubs would be on the Shell
Mound rifle range yesterday, but the
markers were disappointed, and it was
decidedly an off day. A few of the mem
bers of the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club
were at practice for the coming revolver
match with the Brooklyn Revolver Club,
but thf>y had no scores for publication.
The monthly medal shoot of Company A
of the Fifth resulted in the following
scores being made with the musket, ten
shots to a score, on the Blunt military
target :
Captain Poulter 45, C. E. Maker 40, Sergeant
Talt. 40. R. (,'. B. King J3, Corporal Jahntgan
41. Charles Ellis 36, Lieutenant Hunt 40, Cor
poral Fellows 31. F. Peterson 34, Corporal Bell
32. Corporal Poulter 36. J. A. de Poy 24, S. A.
Wlllard 30. Q. O. Nichols 81. P. K. Yorke 2S,
C. I'rnn 26. M. Herman 7. F. W. Pennine 25.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales over 0,000,000 Boxes
PSSK
FOR BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiness, Fulness after meals. Head-
ache, Dizziness. Drowsiness. . flushings
of Heat. Loss of Appetite. Costlveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. ' Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
EEECH PIIXS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They, promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure sick Headache* Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have tba /
LARGEST SALE
•f any Patent Medicine In the World*
250. at all Drue Stores.
Beware of Imitations
lltohesforsluretf)
•' ■ ■ '.■.'■■' ,
' JOHN DUNC/N'l SONS, Awm, NEW YORK.
-i^^lSta ■ " NO QUACKS."
"^?«tTsv»aVc3B»P* A good Electric Belt
iHVsSSSS£iSWa will cure WITHOUT
™tjp«^W?V^%^si MEDICINE. Buy no
i^S^Jt\W<>i_««*i^B L>elt till you see "Dr.
fßKTSffW^fTftduiK Pierces." Book rre*.
X^k^jiJSjUSMO^f-. Call or address.
I'w^^VVriaftftS PIERCE ELECTRIC
/'"Mr '* \ ; CO., 820 market
, bS?* STREET, opp. Palace Hotel,
Mention F** San Francisco,
this paper. • v - : .-- •■,.:■ :.-:.: /■''• '.' ■ . ■
Munyon'sHeadache and Indigestion Cure
Is the only remedy on tLe market that
.will cure ; every t- form of - Headache In 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and : , build up , the sys-
tem. It should be In every home and
| every traveler's gripsack. At ail Drug-
! gists. < 25 cures, 25c. 5' :
X^a^^^fiMg "* Ale a non-potMßOftj
4^J^m^^ m^mSO remedy for Gonorrhoea,
'^SKrCVBR^WM Ol««t, Bpnrmatorrh«a,
JWliiui4>TiV Whites, annataral dia*
Mf Omnniml m charge*, or any lufl»mm»-
Eii] n«t to «H«t«re. "7 tien, Irritation or uleera-
ia*-«»PrtTtttu eantafioD. tlon of viucouf mem-
KSITHFEvAMSCHEMiri^no. brauet. Non-Mtrlnf«nt,
ljAcmciNN«n,o ■M *«><> b7b 7 nrmnuta.-.
U. B. a j^m or >nnt in P'»in wrapper,
iV^\^V by ex>rMn prepaid, for
'<C*^^BK9f^H K-°°< or 3 nottlei, f3.75.
*^IW r t ■ Oirooiar fint oa reqaeit,
Wad way's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild t and ; reliable. ,-,■ Cause
perfect ' digestion, .?. complete absorption .- • and
healthful regularity." y > ■i: .• ■-' ' '^, -«
-"For the. cure of all disorders of the Stomach
: Liver, "1 Bowels,'*: Kidneys, f ■ Bladder, i Female ■■ Ir-
reßUlaritles, ■ Sick ; Headache.' Biliousness, Con-
stipation," 1 ' Piles >■ and 5 all v derangements ; of ? the
Internal Viscera. 25 cts. a box. f? At DruMlata,
or :by moll. RADWAT & CO., New Xork. ; r
• _ _"-'_._._.: ; . : ADVERTISEMENTS. \ ■**■■*
I \f£s — ' S
O . Hurrah Battle Ax has come," §
a.* Everybody who reads the newspapers knows what priva- glf
2 1'" tion and suffering- were caused in Cuba — by the failure
a of the supply of tobacco provided by the Government to M
2 reach the camps of the U. S. Soldiers. X
I PLUG W *
9 When marching— tramping— wheeling W
O instantly relieves that dry taste in the mouth. ©
1 Pemember the name {
I ■ v when you buy again. I
EALLROAD TRAVEL. |
■•UTIIKRBT I'ICIFIC COarAHT. .
i (P*CiriO !<y»iicM.)
Trnlni Itart nml »r« iln« to nrrlve i»i :
WAN IHiNdMlt.
> (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.) !
leavf. " — Prom Beit. 10, 1»98. — arrive
•6:<>o* Niies. San Jose and Way Stations . . . *9:4sX
7:00 a Brnictv SuUuq sad B»crainento.... 10:15 a
7:OOa Marya»ille, OroTllle and Redding Tla
Woodland. .; ....;;.... 8:4Bp
7:004 Ermira, VacaTlUe and Bnmsey...... B:4Sp
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Naps,
(Jalfetoza anil Santa Rosa 0:15r '
Si«Oa Atlantic Bxßreaa, Ogdeti and ICast.. S>43p
■i3Oa San Jose, Mtoekton, Valley Spring,
lone, - Sacrameuto, Marjrivllle,
Chieo, Tehama and llr \ 111nff.... 4iiHr :
■i3Oa Paten, Oakdale and Jamestown.... 7:lAp . {
•»:30a MUton .........: "7IIOP I
•iOoa Hew Orleans ICi|,rrm. Mercod. Km-
- no, U»kersflel«4,"i. Hantit tirvrbitra, C- — .
. ' I.os Aiigeleft, l)euainf. El l'aao,
New Orleans. and Knst 6>49p
1O:OOa Vallejo. Martinet and Way Stations 7t4»p
•liOOp Sncramento rUterStennirrs...: *l»:OOp
l:OOr Mies. San Jose and War Stations ... 1 1 :45a
San Jose, Kllesand War Stations... : JU:ISa
C:OAf Llrennore, Mendota,. Hsnford and
Vlsalla 4«lSp
LlTermore, San Jose, Nllesand Way
. 5tati0n5................. JI0:13a
4iOOp Martinc/., Han Kninon, Vallejci.
Nai>a, Cnllßtogß, Xi Verano and
B»iital*oen. »tl»*
4ioor Benioia, VscaTllle, Woo ill and,
KnlgUtd Landing, BfaryßTllle, Oro-
Tillo aud Sacrninento IQ:4tIA
4 :3O p Nllos. Ban Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7:13:-
4i8Op Stockton and L0d1............. 12:13p
«>3op Latlirop, Modesto, Fresno, Mojare,
Santa Rarbara and I.oh Angnlrs 7i43a
4:30p Martinez, Merced (Raymond for
Yosemlte, •' Monday, Wednesday
and Friday) and Fresno..., IStlSr
4t3op Santa Pn Itmite, Atlantic Express
forMolare an<l Kast..... oi43p
• ••Op Kurnpt>aii Mall, Og.ten aud Kaat.... oi43a
••tOOp V<»llejo I«:l5p
•i(M»p Iliiyw«nl«, Nll<« ami San .lose. 7:43 a
J7:oop Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions.: .....; }»:40p,
StOOp Oregon KiiiresmHacraniento, Marys-
*lllo, ■ tlcU<llil«, rortlsii<l, l'ngct
Hmimi and Knst..... gtlftA
SIX LKA.MiKO AMi> lIAIWAUDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
~\ HrlroHp. scininsrv Park, 7"^
«:OOa r'lfi-hbiirr. Klmlmrst, I : !^ A
<0:OOa San I,fan.lro, Sonlli Kan 'JJlili!*
lO.oua I^amlro, Fjrtndlllo, {■i.tV-
m.'oOM lA.renrt, Cherry' ■ 12-ISp
-Zol ; H./narns. «5:45 r
'■*"" i Bans tbroagh to Niles. 7:43p
j . > From Nilos. < L______
COAST IMVIMOM (S»rron- »nugc).
(Foot of H^rket Street.)
}7i43a Santa Cruz Kxcurtlon, Santa Cruz ...... ■
• and Principal Way Stations.. . }BiO3p
S:l3a Newark. Ceiiterrllle' Sao Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Orur and Way
. Htatloos.; S:SOr ,
' •r lOr Newark. Centefrtile, Han Jose, New
: Almadm, Feltoo, rimildor Creek,
Sanfa Cms and Principal Way .
Stations....'./.... .: •io:r l ii
4tl3p Sao Jose, Qlenwood 4 Way Stations ' 9:20\ :
a4il»p BouMer Creek and ftafi tit Cnn ...... jiii'J»A '.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrimSlS FKaRCISC*— Feel *'. Juk*t Strut (Slip 8)-
•7:16 'if 11.-Of.A.M. tlsOO *2:00 J3:OC
•4:00 '45:01 *l:0Or.M. '
fr»«OlUlllD— Ttai ifßrtitwsT.— "6:oo r 8:00 10:00 a.m.
12:00 ; •1:09. tIOO •3:00 14:90 "5:00 I
COAST IMTIMOS (liroad (lange).
(Third and Townsend Sti.)
*7iooa Han .lone and Way .SUtl,.nn (New
. : Alma<len Wednesdays 0n1y). .."..";. liSOr |
J7i3Oa Sunday Excursion ' for Ban Joan. \ ■-.-.
Santa Cms, . PsciAo Grore and
Principal Way Hiatlons.:.'...-........ JS:3.V- ;
•<OOa Han .line. Tiel.l'lmn. Sntita Crux, -
■ I'acllie (iroTo. - Paso, RnhWw, San
l,nls <)hls|m. Onadaluiie, .Surf and
- ■ Principal ,Wa> R1aMnn5.;...;.... 4:XOi
lOi4»a San .lime ami Way <>UHivi|b. '....:... •*:O0..
- 11:30 a Ban J«se and Way Statlpns ....... *Bi3.'>a
•1:43 M»t«i, Kcdwoed,' Menlo Park,
-. ■ Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Saw .lose,
Gilrny, Holilster. Santii Crur.,
: Salinas, Monterey and PaeiSo
-j ■- >0r0T«...7V'.v;r.;....^;. .'.......... *io:3G« i
•»:3«p Ban .lose and Way Stations ;... »»:OOa I
• I : I »r San .la.ie an.t Principal Way ShaMnns • 9:45. • i
•»:OOpSanJnspan(lrrlncipß! Way Butions 6::55- I
■liSOp San .loan «ii<l Prlnclp*i Way .Stations 5:3' - i !
«:pOp Ban Jose an.l Way HtnMim5......... 7:R«>i
Hli4Sp San Jose an.l Way Stations.-.-;...;.. . 7:aoi ; I
- A for Muniiiig. • . ~ )• for Afternoon.
* ftitmlfiy" stmiitvil. - * Sundays only. ♦ Rat.tir.layn onlj ■
/ Snnfiftrt and Mptv^wth.-, ■■» i o Watnrdnys »t»l Pnnfl»r«
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
• : "Via Sausalito Ferry. ; *-) -'■'- " -
FROM SAN FKA.N CISCO TO MILL. VAL.L.ET
AND SAN RAFAEL. : "
WEEK DAI'S— '»9:CO. .11:00 a. m.: *1:«.
3:45 • 5:15,; •6:00. 6:30 p. m.: ' .. ; tz: .
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays and ' Saturdays at 11:30 d. m. ■
SUNDAYS— •B:OO. - 10:00.- '11:30 a. m.; *1:15.
»:«0. M:3O, 6:15 p. m.^- •■-■.'-' • * I
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK »' DATS— S:2S. •*:s>. ; 7:«. - »9:30 a. . m. ;
•lI:M.->S:20.- > *8:46. 6:05 p. m..^- =. . <
: EXTRA * TRIPS » on Mondays. - Wednesdays
and Saturday- at 6:40 p. m. • . • -.- ■. •
SUNDAYS— •B:OO.-»10:00.? -11:65 a. m. . •1:15.
•3:10. 4:40. »«:20 p. m. -
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO. I
WEEK DAYS— B:4S, •:«. 7:55. 9:40 a. m. ; 12:35. !
2:45. 3:60. 5:20 p. ra.>-vr • . ■ •
EXTRA TRIPS on ; Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. -■" • ;- : *^;
•- BUNDAYS— B:OO, , 10:05 a. m.; 12:05. 1:20, ;■ 3:80. |
6:00. 6:20 p.; rn.'Tß»Bg«audi|MPMßMMmnH
» i r : ,. -.- THROUGH TRAINS.
T:2O a. m. week days— Cazadero and war *ta ns.
1:45 p. m : Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
Stations, i .- .:: ■- :;■■:■■-■•■ -'-■ ■--■--■■ ; •"■■'■-]
8: a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta •■' ;
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
r ,; (Via Saiuallto ; Ferry.) "; "^
Leave ' San ; Francisco, «' commencing ■ Sunday, i
Sept. 11. 1898: >i . - ■.'•■.: ;
.; Week : — 9:80 a. ; m.. 1:43 p. m..
- Sundays— B:oo. 10:00, 11:30.8. m.. 1:15 p. m. 
;; Round trip from Mill Valley; 11. '
. THOS. COOK *& s SON, -. Agents, . 621 Market
street." San Francisco. . ; * L'J , " \ C'
RAILBOAD TBAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St. .
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9 :00. 11:00 a, m.: 12:33.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday b— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 2:30.
. 5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
I:. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
5:00, 6:25 p.m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. . . .
" • Leave ■'■" T -' : ' Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect S*n Francisco.
• June 29,
Week I Sun- IS9B. Sun- Week
Days. J days.. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am B:4lam
3:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10::.">ani
6:10 5:00 Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pra
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
- - Lytton, , .
— Geyserville,
2:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:38 pm 6:22pm
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 am
8:30 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am • 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
and
6:10 pm] 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:3oam! 8:00 ami Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm I s:oo pm| 7:35 pm 6:22
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West '
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs: Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs. Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and • Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
Lake, Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Lierley's rtucknell's. Sanhedrin , Heights,
Hullville. Booneville, Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets ; at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond Ban Rafael at half rates. ' .<:
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN, .
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Feßoute 1
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO lo CHICAGO.
ferery Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Care
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Car*
* Run on the Following Time i . ,
l>ar» Ban Francisco. 4 p. m.. a M.T. W.T.F.*.
Arrive . Denver....'.:.. 8:00 p. m.. W.T.F.aS.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City..T:oo a. m.. T.F.S.B.M.T.W.
Arrive St. ■ Louis 6:15 p. m.. T.F.B.&M.T.W. .
Arrive Chicago... .8:00 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason* .
. able Rate*.
you WILL BE COMFOWTABLB
° If You Travel on the Santa Fa* ,
111 nutisci TICKT OFFICE— mm SI
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway. .
, Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street
_flfta.Joß« Offioe— 7-Wcst Santa Clara BW .
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
! VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. •
From June 1. IS9S. '•alna will run as follows;
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday - Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc"ptd Dally..
7:2oam 9:ooam i Stockton 3:45pm s:4opm
t :loam 12:50pm .., Merced ■ 12:50 pra' 3:53 pro
10:40 ami 3-50 pm Fresno 9:30 am: 2:2opm
11:35 ami 6:45pm Hanford 7:45 cm: l:2jpm
2:45 pm. 11:50 pm Bakersfield 2:30amj10:15 am
12:05 pm ":50 pm : ■ Vlsal la '■■ 6:40 am 12:55 pra
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
Connections — At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation- and Improvement Com- .
pany, . leaving San ■ Francisco and Stockton at (
p. m. daily, excepting Sunday from San Fran-
cisco: ■'. at - Merced ■■: with stages •to and • from
Snelllngs, - Coultervllle, -* Yosemite. etc.; ij also .5
with stage from Hornltos, Mariposa. etc. : at ■•
Lankershim with stage to and from Mad era.
op boo 60 ooco
oT""o T "" PALACE wl
%GRAND hotels %
:■£■:...'.■; BAN FHAHCtBCO. \ ft
', —. '--.:._ Connected by •a ■ covered ■ passageway. • "~ ** '
O 1400 Rooms-900 With Bath Attached. ° ;
O All -Under One Management. > ; O '
O - . . NOTE THE PiUOEB:; . ; V-Q^
O European Plan. Sl .oo per day and upward rt
American Plsn.s3.OO per day and upward
' Q •■'■-■ •-. Correspondence j Solicited. :i"> Q
q '■■"[ JOHN 0. KIRKFATBIGK, Q
k qlo' op O 0.0.q.0 O oo o:q O O Q-OALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
REPUBLICANS
TO CONVENE
Knowing Politicians
Fix a Ticket.
FEW CANDIDATES WITHDRAW
CERTIFICATES ISSUED TO THE
DELEGATES.
San Leandro Beady for the (lather
ing of the County's Hosts.
Bepresentatives Who Will
Be Present.
Oakland Offtc* San FTandsco Call,
908 Broad-way, Sept. 18.
The Republican Coonty Convention will
open to-morrow at 10 o'clock at Ban
Leandro.
To-day the politicians were- busy, and
to-night- some statements were made that
tome of the candidates for nominations to
the various offices the county could give
had withdrawn. The outlook is that the
flowing ticket will be nominated:
For County — Frank C. Jordan of
th« Seventh Ward.
r'or Sheriff— Oscar Rogers of AJaroeda.
For Superintendent of Schools— S. . D.
Waterman of Berkeley.
For Auditor— Ewing of the Fifth
Ward., "
For Assessor— P. Dalton of the
First Ward. .. - ; ;.*
For Coroner— H. B. Mehnnann of
the Second Ward. -. •• ,
For District Attorney— J. Allen of the
Third Ward.
For Tax Collector— James B. Barker of
Aiameda.
For - Recorder— Charles . S. Spear of
Berkeley. ■ '•■•' v ■i.---.
For Surveyor — George L. Nusbaumer of
the Seventh Ward. , . - -
For Public Administrator— B. C. Hawes.
For Treasurer— »Arthur Feidler of liver-
more.
For Supervisor, Third District— W. H.
church of the Fourth Ward.
For Supervisor, Second Dlstrict-^J. R.
Talcott
Fur Senator, Twenty-eixth District— F.
M. Leavitt of the Sixth Ward.
For Senator. Twenty-eighth District —
E. K. Taylor of Aiameda.
For Assemblyman, Forty-sixth District
—William McDonald, Murray Township.
For Assemblyman, Forty-seventh Dis
—•riet—J. R. Knowland of Alameda.
t For Assemblyman. Forty-eighth Dla
trlct-^Joe Kelly of the Sixth Ward,
For Assemblyman, Forty-ninth District
—A. A. McKeen.
For Assemblyman, Fiftieth District—
J. A. Bliss.
For Assemblyman. Fifty-first District—
Howard E. Wright of Berkeley.
Tho County Committee canvassed the
returns to-night and issued certificate* to
delegates.
The following will beJth© delegate*:
First Ward— Theo Westphal, William Ten
Eyek. W. W. Morrison, William 3. Hayes. .
John Manrow. William Long, C. W. Pools,
J. W. Mott, A. D. Robertson, A. J. Nor,
George R. Stetson. C. L- Wlllard, J. P. Roar
bach, Charles Spauldlng, W. J. Hennessey. A.
E. Jonnstone, C. Roach. M. C. Nunan, George
W. Drake.
Second Wart— J. L. Bromley, J. I*. Milton.
H 2". Pmxtvrmon. 8. W. Condon, J. F. Sum
mers, O. B. Ingersol. John Rum, Charles
Brier, W. T. Hamilton, G. E. Marshall.
Joseph A. "Kennedy, L. G. Parker. James P. ,
Taylor, C. C. Hill, W. Henderson, R. M. Price.
H Harfst, J. H. Smith Jr.. David Tlsch, A. j
H Breed. J. P. H. Dunn. C. H. Dunsmoor,
W. J. Hwnb. R. A. Marshall.
Third Ward— J. 6. Burpee. O. B. Randolph.
Morris Flyrm, George Fitzgerald, W. H. J.
Matthews, M. Bock, T. Newell. L. A. Salzer.
W M Owen, Abe P. Leach. Charles Maul, L.
8 Blxby L M. Oeborne, E. 8. Dowdell, Fred
Voorhies. W. E. Griffith, O. 8. Meredith, Q.
W FarTlngton. Maraton Campbell, George
Samuels H. L. Cunningham. J. B. Wilson.
Fourth Ward— F. ■ Kroil. Edwin Meeso,
Robert Yatea, T. F. Mock, C. E. Snook. C. A.
Sessions, H. B. Bchindlex. E. B. Norton, R.
J Collaghan, S. F. Gemmell, John Denahy,
J H. Grindley, W. S. O'Brien, W. A. Mackay.
R. W Church, W. D. Heltmann. I. Tobrlner,
E. E. Holland, R. C. Pott». O. J. Mullen. M.
A. Bernheim. , * _
Fifth Ward— George R. Lokenß, H. R. Ha
vens, F B. Goodwin, Charles ftoeth, B. S.
Van ' Court. W. H. Dtckerson, Byron Rutley,
Felton Taylor. F. J. Newell. HI D. Cuahln«,
D C Borland J. L. ChampJln. John Laugh
land,. F. M. Parcells, W. Nat Friend, George
Bush. Clarence Crowell.
Sixth Ward— M. D. Hyde, Daniel Doody, Mor
ris Isaacs, - Eugene Lynoh, Charles L. Sturm.
Victor Remmer. Howard Osgood, Fred Gra
ham. Charles L. Inglsr, William Watklnson,
Frank Barnett. Fred Peterson, Frank Roach,
William Keating. E. Farrell. Eugene Voorhle*.
Seventh Ward— J. W. Evans. A, A, Moore,
C. E Lombard. John F. Walker, H. 8. Pugh,
James Moir, Harry S. Anderson, Dr. W. J.
Wlloox, Ben F. Woolner, W. W. Crane, J. L.
Roundy Frank H. Stewart, J. A. Btoner, John
Tale John G. Oreenleaf, Henry Vogt. William
•Je«s' Manuel Henas, F. J. White, G. E. Alt
ken James A. Johnson. J. W. Watson, J. P.
Horgan, Robert A. Jackson. Dr. W. M. Beck
with, W. R. Geary.
- Oakland Townehlp and Berkeley—
Aydrn, Adam Dean, John Finn. Robert Greig,
W. H. Kerrlson. T. R. Rlckard, S. P. Bartley,
Phil Sheridan, A. 8. Anderson, H. L. Ott,
James McClaln, Clarence Merrill, Warren
Cheney, Robert Carter H. D. Irwin, C. H.
Burr W. X. Weir, E. Florence, H. Overstreet.
W H. Waste, S. N. WyckofT. E. Gove. Thomas
Dowd, J. C. Sherrltt, F. M. Wilson. J. A. D.
Button, Arthur EUston. H. D. Llnscott. H.
Cxipps F. B. ■ Thompson. J. A. McPherson,
Adam Arnold, Oeorge Hunt, B. McDermott.
W. T. Veltch, William Blair, Hugo Llndeman,
George Calvert, L. Valeria, William Wallace,
G4orge Pratt, George Graves.
Aiameda Township— Philip Kierman, Ed
Houston, Julius Magnln, C. F. Day. P. Peraca.
F. E. Browning. Henry Muller, H. L. Transue,
L. Shuler. John geebeck. L. P. Cran*. J. B.
Lanktree, L. A. Hagy, Henry Tank, A. H.
llawley Ralph Hamlln, P. Chrlstensen. A. W
Cornelius, J. L. Valentine. Max. Oundlach.
Frank. Fabens/H. ; A. Todd. W. B. Hlnchjnan,
J J • Fletter -J. A. Munro, C. J. Hammond.
Charles Front.- E. L. Tlsdale. Edw. Cleveland.
O !" Weeks Charles Splefer, B. L. Fisher,'
H. A. Thompson,' J. Batee, Louis Boabury, Lln
wood Farmer, J. Henry Glas, E. M. Keyes. E.
B. Bullock. W. P. Dillon, W. W. Haskell. G.
jj*'. Emmom. : .'''L.L"l
V Brooklyn Township— A. H. Cohen. A. Rhoda,
W. Brannan. R. B. ; Bain, •R. Turnbtill. A.
Lorsbach, H. Dimond, F. M. Laing T. Sawyer,
W. S. Dunlevy E. Gates, . M. Show, E. B.
Btone. v
Washington Township— H. Southwlck. - B.
Bonner, J. Shinn, George Cash. F. Homer,
Henlon, T. Waub, F. Blrdman, R. Blacow,
A. Silva, C. Riser, P. Lowry, O. Emery, A.
George, J. Haynes, C. Haley.
Eden Township— A. Ramage, A. V. ' Morgan,
G. T. Langan, Joseph Gomee, H. W. Meek,
E. L. Webb, V. W. Wrede, A. D. Cary, J. I.
Uarbeno, If E. Brunner. J. W. McCoy, L. B.
Parsons, Carl Mohr. Henry Dotman, Henry A.
Shafer, D. C. Hawes, Joseph HermcheT. J. W.
Haas.
Murray Township-William Fallon. H. C.
Feufler. Alfred Horswiil, J. H. Schween. O. W.
Harris, M E. Horton. H. p. Winegar, Charles
Delmue, David McDonald, C C Holm. T H.
Silver. A. G. Harms, G. v. Taylor Thomas E.
Knox. ■-.- ■:■■-■ - . , . -
rLI . . . .
LOUIS MOHLFELBT DEOWNED.
The Body of the Teamster Found
Washed Up on the Beach.
OAKLAND.. CaI., Sept. 18-The body of
Louis Mohlfeldt, a teamster residing in
Ban Francisco, was found washed up on
the rocks of the restraining wall, near the
narrow-gauge mole about 5 o'clock this
morning. The body was found by a boat
man named Josephs. It had been in the
water several days. Coroner Baldwin
took charge of the remains. An Inquest
■will be held to-morrow night.
Death From Diphtheria.
nERKELET, Sept. 18.— Frit* Joenlchs.
the nine-year-old son of Carl Joenlchs of
V>'<-Ht Berkeley, died early this morning
■"rioer circumstances which leave the
. uho of death uncertain. The house In
which the family lives Is on University
ie, near Ban Pablo avenue, and lies
v.ithfn the region where diphtheria has
tJton prevalent lately. Some time ago th«
child contracted the disease, and Dr.
J ityne was called in. But for two weeks
h»- has been considered free from all dan
ger. This morning, however, he passed
away suddenly. Dr. A.- de Marcennay. on
being called, reported the case to the Cor
oner, who has ordered an- autopsy to-be
held.
Lived in Alameda.
ALAMEDA, Sept. IS.— Oliver Young, the
baggageman who was murdered at Pen
dleton. Or., yesterday, was formerly a
resident of this city, where he lived up to
about three and a half years ago, -when
he went to Oregon to take a position on
a railroad. He was a plumber by trade,
and had many ' friends here, "being a
steady and well respected man. His
brother, Edgar Young, lives here, and la
a carpenter and builder.
Burned With Gasoline.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 18.— E. B. Owens, a
plumber doing business at 1442 Webster
street, was painfully burned about the
face yesterday afternoon by the explosion
of a heater in which gasoline was used
for fuel. The machine did not work and
Owens was examining it, when it blew
up.
ATE POISONED ICE CBEAM.
Mary McGuire the Victim — Swim
ming Contests at Sutro's
Baths.
The park police were led to believe yes
terday that they had a case on their
hands that was rivaled only by the
Delaware poisoning mystery. Miss Mary
McGuire of 513 Hayes street, whfte en
joying herself strolling though the city's
playground, was taken suddenly ill and
was removed by Home friends to the
Emergency Hospital. The young woman
was apparently suffering from the effects
of some mineral poison. Her suffering
was intense, and for a time the physi
cians who labored over her were not
over-confident that the sufferer would re
cover. Finally, however, the remedies
administered had the proper effect and
the patient rallied. She stated that she
had partaken heartily of ice-cream in a
downtown establishment and was taken
ill not long after leaving the place. She
went to the park thinking that the pain
she was suffering would soon' pass away,
but she was mistaken. The physicians
are of the opinion that the ice-cream was
allowed to stand too long in the can in
which it was made and thereby became
poisoned. As soon as the police heard the
young woman's stoTy they were greatly
relieved, as it would go hard with the
officer who unfortunately dug up another
mystery for Lees to solve at the present
time.
Thousands of pleasure-seekers spent an
enjoyable day at 1 the park and cliff.
Sutro's Baths also provided entertain
ment for a multitude of lovers of aquatjc
sports. Sid Cavill again defeated Dan
Green. The two champions ewam a race
of 440 yards. Cavill got a start of about
six feet and at the line marking the end
of the swim he had not gained a foot.
Green's feat of pressing the Australian
so closely caused considerable excitement,
and many who witnessed the match are
confident that with an even start the local
man can defeat Cavill. They are willing
to back him if another match fs arranged.
George Kroug won the 60-yard dash,
Ralph Simpson second. The under-water
swimming contest was won by A- J.
Baker, James Jackson second. R. D. Cor
nell won the obstacle race, A. J. Baker
second. Otto Schulte won the prize in the
springboard diving and Fred Green was
declared victor in the trick and fancy
trapeze diving.
WILL MUSTER IN A
NEW REGIMENT
THE GLORIOUS FIRST TO BE
REHABILITATED.
Work to Begin at Onee — The Organi
sation to Be Carefully Perfected
and Maintained Ready for
Service.
The Governor and the adjutant general
of the National Guard of California have
decided upon- the immediate jrehAbllita
tion of the First Regiment of this State.
This will be acomplished under the pro
visions of section ISSI of the military code,
and, what 1b more to the point, without
entailing expense to the taxpayers.
The section referred to provides In
substance that any persons may petition
the State authorities ior permission to
form a military company to be known as
! such a company (designating it by the
name or title selected) and asking that
I It be assigned to whatever regiment the
! board of location may direct. This
i board consists of the Governor, the ad
jutant general and the major general
commanding the division.
By reason of the decision of the ad
jutant general arrived at yesterday It is
presumed that petitions will be received
i at once, as It 1b known that in this city
j there are several officers of the First
Refrlment, men who were unable to go
I to Manila, who have more than a hundred
: names on each of their lists for the or
1 sanitation of such companies. As soon
I as these petitions are received by the ad
jutant general, that officer and the Gov.
: ernor will order the commander of the
, brigade In whlcn the signers are located
* to detail proper officers to Inspect the
! men as to their qualifications ana to have
them examined by a medical board.
1 They will then be directed to proceed
with the election of their company of-
I flcera. and the regimental staff will be
I completed In the same manner. By this
i means the new regiment will be In proper
condition to respond to a call, prepared
for any emergency, either for home or
j foreign service.
NEW BILL AT
THE ALHAMBRA.
Mile. Fassi, described as the "great
Russian electro terpslchorienne," 1b one
of the special stars who will twinkle In
the new bill at the Alhambra next week.
Mile. Fassi executes a series of Illum
inated dances that are said to have given
great delight to the nobility in St. Peters
burg:, Moscow, Paris, Berlin and London.
A startling trapeze act will be divulged
by the flying Austins, and Mr. and Mrs.
Drew will appear in a new piece entitled
"Diana on the Cnose." This latter ttcl,
says the London Era, is another variant
of the Btatue-come-to-life motive, re
minding the constant playgoer of Nlobe.
Mr. DreWs part Is to imagine that his
statue comes to life, claims him as hus
band and bids him leave his superfluous
wltfe. Drew and his dashing colleague are
said to get lots of good fun out of the
piece. There are other changes in the bill
and several of the old favorites are re
tained.
WORK OP PAULIST FATHERS.
They Labor for Their Congregation
and for the City's Ad
vancement.
The Rev. Father Otis of Bt. Mary's
Church and his co-workers in the move
ment to transform the former hotbed of
vice In the block bounded by Pine, Du
pont, St. Mary's and California streets
Into a park, are unremitting In their
labors.
The next meeting of the Park Associa
tion will be held on Saturday night. It
Is the purpose of the promoters to push
to a speedy completion the acquisition of
the land and its subsequent transforma
tion into a breathing place for the people.
The morning services at St. Mary's were
conducted by the Rev. Father MacCorry,
while in the evening Father Hopper
officiated.
The Paulist priests are preparing for
the holding of missions in the Interior,
shortly. Father MacCorry, the eloquent,
young divine, will visit San Pablo, next
Saturday for the purpose, while Father
Hopper will leave shortly for Treka for
the same purpose. Rev. Farther Wyman.
beloved of his people, is now in lowa, and
is expected home on the 29th mat.
Father C. A. Ramm preached the
morning sermon at the cathedral yester
day The mass was celebrated by Father
Dempsey. In the evening Father Demp
sey said vespers. The service was chant
ed by the cathedral male choir under tne
leadership of Father Hannlgan. Rev.
Philip O'Ryan preached the sermon.
Theosophlcal Lecture.
The San Francisco Theosophical Society
held Its regular Sunday meeting last
night in the Academy of Science build
ing. Mrs. F. A. Harris delivered a very
Interesting lecture on "The Reincarnating
Self," which Bbc explained most lucidly.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1898.
NO TIME TO
JEOPARDIZE
THE PARTY
Nominees Must Be of
High Standing.
WHY INDEPENDENTS ARISE
TWO VIEWS OF JOHDAN'S CHAB
ACTEB.
Judge Magnire Uttered Some Truth.
When He Addressed His Sec
tional Audience Last
Friday.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Sept. 18.
There is more than an Indication — there
is an apparent probability— that the Re
publican County convention will, to-mor
ro-w, follow the example of the ostrich,
and, hiding Its head behind the fcreen of
its desires, attempt to argu© with itself
that what it refuses to see does not exist.
No county convention has ever met in
Alameda with more responsibility, with a
higher duty to perform, or surrounded by
more unpleasant environments than that
which will meet at San Leandro to-mor
row. The fate of Henry Gage— if Ala
meda again is to be the pivotal county in
the State — depends on to-morrow's work.
The fate of George C. Pardee In his
march to the governorship, begun so aus
piciously, will also be decided by the
delegates to-morrow.
This year more than all other years
the State will watch Alameda County
critically, to note if her protestations of
party sincerity and harmony made at
Sacramento be bubbles or material. Al
ready there are indications that a few
eelflsh, unprincipled politicians are again
laying the foundation for the ruin of the
party as they have so often' done in the
past. Unless Eome definite changes be
made, men will be nominated to-morrow
whom even the party managers admit
cannot be elected.
This condition 1b being eagerly watch
ed by a great number of independent.
Democratic and fusion candidates, who
are doing their best to disrupt the Re
publican organization, and apparently
with some success. It Is realized more
clearly than ever that until there be a
capable primary law no proper represen
tation or the party's choice can be had
in the matter of electing delegates to a
county convention, and it is this knowl
edge that is yearly increasing the desire
of men to make independent campaigns.
There Is great encouragement offered by
past experience to men who, if honorable,
run independently of their party ticket,
and their ultimate careers . have proved
that the voters rather regard such actions
as worthy of- -'reward -for daring to brave
and overcome the ~,. party .'" machinery
rather than of censure for being a bolter.
Some" years ago Dr.' Pardee," realizing
that It would be folly to attempt to do
anything with the influences that com
bined to use ■ the Republican party for
selfish purposes, started out Independent
ly, fought the railroad and the manipu
lators tooth 'and nail, and when he had
demonstrated '".that V.th» * could "Vanquish
thfcm -at every turn the,?", acknowledged'
him as the leader and made frantic ef
forts to get Into the band-wagon. After
Dr. Pardee came Henry Dalton. : He fol
lowed the leader's cue, .•■ ran indepen
dently, was successful, beat the railroad,
and now politically can have anything he
wants. Another example of this same
politics was Senator EarL Six years ago
Earl braved the powers that then were
in his fight for State Senator. His war
cry was "Down with De Young for the
United States Senate." and he won in a
walkover, although the railroad Influence
was organized against him.' After a few
years each of these men became recog
nized, not as bolters, but as reformers,
and the seal of public aproval was placed
upon their acts. This idea which they
followed out is* now being debased, and
men who have been prominent in helping
to bring about party corruption are now
following' the "independent" example
with but poor chances of success.
On the eve of the primaries four years
ago exactly the same conditions pre
vailed as now. Some programmes had
been prepared, which It was the Inten
tion of the manipulators to force through
the convention. Counsel was thrown to
the wind, the obnoxious Bchemers pre
vailed, and in November this great Re
publican county was disgraced. The only
offices having any patronage were lost
to Republicans because of Belflshness and
Indecency practiced by those who pro
fessed to be faithful party leaders.
Should this fatal mistake be made to
morrow there will be lust as decided a
rejection of the unworthy portion of the
ticket next November as there was in
1894.
There Is a lesson to be learned from the
primary held yesterday in the Seventh
Ward. It was clearly demonstrated that
when a grievance is believed to exist,
either rightly or wrongly, ■ the afleged
cause of it must suffer. It will probably
be found eventually that Mr. Jordan is
entirely innocent of any intention or ef
fort at the Congressional primary to
help the chances of one man more than
another, but it is very evident that at
thiß time his home ward is Just equally
divided on the question. This presents a
proposition which cannot fall to have an
effect on the election. One-half of the
great Seventh Ward, containing over 2000
votes plainly said yesterday that they
believed Mr. Hilborn did not have a
square deal, and this condition of mind
must be reversed before November or the
result will bo even more painfully ap
parent.
To my mind there Is not any reliable
foundation for this unreasonable opposi
tion to Mr. Jordan. It is true that the
Hilborn men have produced suspicious
certificates containing the stamp of the
Clerk's office and also an alleged signa
ture of one of his deputic-s. These signa
tures have been declared by an expert to
be forgeries, but — and it is not surpris
ing—the people of the Seventh Ward do
not pin their faith to expert testimony.
It would perhaps have' been better had
Mr. Jordan kept his hands out of politics
since he was elected, but it is not always
possible for an official to do this. It is
true he has been in nearly every political
fight, city, county or State, since he be
came County Clerk, and even his best
friends admit that this policy, though
perhaps of use to his favorites, must of
necessity make political enemies. Mr.
Metcalf had an abundance of clever and
acute political managers without Mr.
Jordan. Dr. Pardee could have won his
great primary victory In this county with
out the help of Mr. Jordan. City At
torney Dow, whose campaign was in re
ality made by Dr. Pardee, could have
been elected City Attorney without the
help of Mr Jordan. Many other political
.victories could have been won had Mr
Jordan not left his office. In each of
these cases Mr. Jordan has- been alleged
to have done something which his politi
cal enemies declare to have been Im
politic if not positively uncalled for and
wrong. This anxiety to help hla friends
is the sum ■of Frank Jordan's alleged
delinquencies.
On the other hand, for four years Mr.
Jordan hits given Alan-red a County an
administration of which no man need be
ashamed. His office would* serve as a
model for every County Clerk's office In
the State. On no occasion has business
been neglected or has It been charged
that Mr. Jordan's expenditure of county
money has been extravagant. His depu
ties have all been gentlemen and business
has always been carried on with accuracy
and expedition. The system that is in
evidence from one end of the office to the
other makes it a positive pleasure to have
business In the County Clerk's office.
Men of all political and religious, creeds
have testified that Jordan Is a manager
of the most up-to-date type. The records
of the office were never oomplete until
Mr. Jordan took them in hand anu
brought order out of tons and tons of
documentary chaos. His great registers
have been faultless and this in spite of
the fact that the last Legislature made
it impossible for him to receive any extra
appropriation to accomplish such a big
task.
Jordan is always willing to put himself
to inconvenience to serve others in his
official capacity. His conduct as clerk
of the Board of Supervisors has on more
than one occasion caused that body to
commend his work, and when the reck
lessness, carelessness and wanton ex
travagance of past administrations In the
County Clerk's office are taken into con
sideration there would seem to be no
valid argument why Frank Jordan, if
nominated to-morrow, should not be
elected. These are the two sides of Mr.
Jordan's character which are before the
voters and the result will be watched
with Interest.
Judge Maguire has been in Oakland and
gone. Two years ago he was in Oakland
and went. On the former occasion ne
attempted to- impress a vast audience
with the fact that free silver was an ai
tar and Bryan a god which innocent Oak
landers would do well to worship. Tom
Reed came later and spoke at the 1 race
track for half an hour. Each of his
minutes helped to produce a majority of
200 sound money votes. Mr. Maguire
spoke for over an hour at the Macdon
ough Theater and
General Barnes will be in Oakland be
fore many weeks, and people are wonder
ing what will be the effect of his speecn
over the egotistical tirade delivered by
the man or many political colors last
Friday evening.
Oakland has never seen such a meeting
as the one in which Mr. Maguire was the
leading figure. It was truly a remark
able meeting. Everybody was uncom
fortable on the platform and off. It is
a very hard thing to talk on definite Is
sues to which such conflicting elements
are listening as Cleveland Democrats and
rabid Populists, and preserve the peace.
Mr. Magulre's speech was a failure in
that he avoided everything that would
enlighten his audience regarding his
Ideas on the "Issues" of the Joint parties.
It was a success in that he said nothing
to hurt anybody's feelings or to causa
anybody to feel elated. The Judge talked
about himself, the railroad company and
recited a chapter from the Congressional
Record and occasionally, with perfect
safety, referred to Thomas Jefferson and
Abraham Lincoln. These two last "ideas"
and "issues" were all that could Induce
more than a fifth of the conglomerate
audience, to cheer at one time.
The paragraph in Mr. Maguire's speech
that impressed me moat with its truth
fulness was this: "There have been in
the history' of the world, the history of
civilization— l think it came In with civ
ilization—Pharisees; Pharisees who have
always been going about saying In one
form or another 'I am holler than thou 1 ".
Somehow or other, this particular phrase
is missing from the stenographic report
of the meeting In Mr. Maguire's organ.
STUART W. BOOTH.
Thrown From His Horse.
Edward Poe, 1301 Turk street, was
thrown from a horse he was riding on
Golden tiate avenue, between Hyde and
Leavenworth streets, yesterday morning.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where it was found that his right ankle
was fractured.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Ninette B. or Nettle B. Hollls to Joseph
Straub lot on W line of Buchanan street, 90
N of Post. N 25, W 92:6, S 22:6. E 2:6, S 3:6
by E 90; $10.
C. W and Elizabeth C. McAfae, R. C. Cham
bers, Wells, Fargo & Co. to William J. Gunn,
lot on XE corner of Green and Devlsadero
streets. E 47:1W by N 105; $8560.
James J. Daly to Bridget Lowry (wife of
Edward S.), lot on W line of Tremont avenue,
178 9 N of Frederick street, N 25 by W 80:3; $16.
Bridget Keenan, P. O. and Nellie M. Whit
ney and Mary E. Olson (Whitney) (wife of O.
J.) to Augustine A. Grover. lot on E line of
Bartlett street. 100 S of Twenty-fourth, S 44
by E 117:6; $10.
Emllle A. Tripler to Laca Plerano, lot on E
line of Mason street, 81:10 S of Washington,
S 25:2 by E 82:8; $10.
Peter E. Donnelly to Man' E. Donnelly
(wife) lot en W line of Deeatur street, 175 S
of Bryant. S 25 by W 60; gift.
Mar)' E. Donnelly to Herman Murphy, lot
on BW line of I>eciitur street, 175 BE of Bry
ant. SE 20 by SW 60; $2000.
Real Estate and Development Company to
Patrick O'Connor, lot on W line of Texas
street, 100 S of Twentieth (Napa). S 25 by W
100; grant.
Charles McCarthy to Caroline E. de Savflle.
lnt.s X and S6, block 15, Lakevlew; $950.
Mary Hansen to Mary E. McQlnnasu, lot on
N line of Loboe street. 376 W of Plymouth
"(Marengo) W 50 by N 125, block F, Kallroad
Homestead; $5.
Louis Paul to Louts*. Wilkinson, lot 818, Olft
Map 2; $1.
Alamoda County.
Edward and Catherine Wild to Joseph and
Sarah Clifford, lot on S line of West Fifth
street, IK W Of Henry, W 25 by S US. being
lot 26. block O, Bay view Homestead, Oak
land; SlO.
William L. Jr. and Carrie W. Prather to J.
M. Bartlett, lot on S line of Knox avenue
■where same would be Interacted by a line
drawn parallel with W line of Telegraph aye-
I nua and distant along Knox avenue 621.03 W
from the point of Intersection of S line of Knox
avenue with W line of Telegraph avenue, S
100.81, W 60, N 164.76. E 50.225 to beginning, be
ing lot 18 and E 10 feet of lot 19, Knox Park,
Oakland: $10.
John Titus to Lillian D. Kellogg (wife of
1 S. I. Jr ), lot on W corner of East Eleventh
street and Second avenue, NW 40 by SW 100,
block 25, Clinton, East Oakland: 110.
Elizabeth Thomas to James and Mary Leon
ard, lot on S line of Thirty-ninth street, 644 :S
E of Grove. W 40. S 109, E to a point N, 112:4
to beginning, being a portion of Montgomery
Tract No. 1, Oakland Annex, quitclaim deed; 91.
Victor H. Metealf and William G. Henehaw
to Henry Herman, lot 65, Ftuitvale Glen
Tract. Brooklyn Township; JlO.
James and LUlie Gately to Henry A. Plelt
ner, lot on W line of Fremont avenue, 640 N
of East Fourteenth street, N 10, W 276.14. S
100, E 376.66, to beginning, being lots 29 to 32,
block A. Corrected Map Linda Rosa Tract,
Brooklyn Township; 910.
George and Emma A. Gray to Hermlne Rup
pricht, lots 4 and 27, Pearce Tract, Haywards,
Eden Township; $2200.
J. C. and Mary E. MoCullen to Nellie DnnlM.
lot on E line of Wheeler street. 183:4 N of
Aphl.y avenue, N 34 by E 125, block A, Subur
ban Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Andrew and Sarah E. Downey to Marie. E.
Farron, lot on N line of Forest avenue, 184: i
E of center or Market street. E 123 by N 102:6,
being lots 6 and 7, block C, Berkeley Homestead
Association, Berkeley; *10.
C. N. and Beulah A. Weetwood to Bertha. A.
B. Henderson, lot on E line of Oxford street,
140 S of Vine, S 100 by E 140, block 7, T. M. An
tlnell's Map of Villa Lots. Berkeley; $10.
Fred W. Morse to B. P. Wall, lot on E line
of Piedmont way. 140.18 N of Bancroft way, S
6ft, E 187.8(5. N 66.70. W 134.77, to beginning, be
ing portion of Benton property-, Berkeley; $10.
Edith Kahn, George D. and Le Roy C. Bunk
er, Ella Horton and Ivy M. Bunker to Helen
A. Bunker, range of lots 14, Hardy Tract, con
taining five acres; also property in San Fran
cisco and San Mateo counties; also one share
of capital stock of the Wellesley Land Im
provement Company, Berkeley; $9108.
William P. Thayer to Olive A. Thayer. lot
on SW corner of Shattuck avenue and Vir
ginia street, S 50 by W 135, being lot 7. block
C, Janes Tract, subject to mortgage, Berke
ley; girt.
Adelbert Johnson to Union Savings Bank,
lot 12, block A, Fanny Davenport Tract, quit
claim deed, Brooklyn Township; $1.
Harry P. Merrltt to James P. Merritt. prop
erty described In the purported deed from
Catherine M. Garcelon to Stephen W. Pur
inpton and John A. Stanly, and recorded in
419 deeds, pages 431 and 436, Oakland; also all
that property described In purported deed from
Catherine M. Garcelon to Stephen W. Pur-
Ington and John A. Stanly, and recorded in
City of San Francisco in 1478 d 294; also stocks,
bonds and promissory notes and transferred by
Catherine M. Garcelon to S. W. Purlngton and
John A. Rtairly by assignment of April 12,
1891, quitclaim deed: $10.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. IS. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka, 60; Fresno, 98; Los AngelPß, 84; Red
Bluff, 94; Kan Luis Obispo, 74; San Diego, 74;
fc'acramento, 86; Independence. 92; Tuma, 110.
fan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum, 52; mean. 66.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area of low pressure Is central in West
ern Washington and Western Oregon, moving
slowly southeastward. The pressure has fallen
over the northern and Interior portions of the
Pacific Slope. The pressure Is highest off the
central coast of California, and there has been
a rise along the western portion of that State.
. The temperatures ar* abnormally high
throughout the interior, but are slightly be
low the normal along the coast. There has
been a fall In the lower Sacramento Vaiiey;
elsewhere it has remained Tiearly stationary.
I The weather Is partly cloudy and cloudy
over Western Oregon, the northern portion of
California and Northwestern Nevada.
, Thunder storms are reported from Roseburg
and Fort Canby.
Scattered showers will probably occur to
night and Monday in the mountain regions of
the north portion of California.
Forecast made at San Francißco for thirty
hours ending midnight, September 19, 18i>8:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Monday,
except scattered light showers In the moun
tain regions of the north portion; cooler In the
upper Sacramento Valley; brisk west wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; fresh
wept wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Monday, with oeca
nional thunder storms in the mountain regions
of the north portion; cooler.
Utah— Partly cloudy Monday, probably with
occasional thunder storms In the north portion.
Arliona — Fair Monday.
San FraiiclHco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Monday; brisk west wind.
Special report Irom Mount Tamalpala, taken
at 6 p. m.— Clear, wind southwest. 12 miles;
temperature, 71; maximum temperature, 76.
O. H. WILLSON. .
Local Forecast Official.
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
September, 1898.
Su.
1
3
Moon's. Phases.
xj-Last , Quarter
(*£ September 7.
jZ*. New Moon.
V 5/ September 15.
4
11
15
"a"
Jua-tor.
;i;bf>r ?2.
Juoon.
tuber 29.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 19.
Sun rises ...6:54
Sun sets , 6:12
Moon sets . 7:53' p. m.
c
I
1
1
1
s
4
0.1
0.0
—0.1
-0.1
7 '*
51
5.2
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States .Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus 'sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Bertha ......|
Weeott ..:......
Wellington..:..
Australia
Queen......:....
Pomona.... V.*^
Btarbuck Jr.
[St. Michael I
: jHumboldt (I
Rton Perarture Bay I
lia Honolulu
Victoria & Puget Sound
a Humboldt
ek Jr. Panama
so Seattle
rte Grays Harbor
i Nanalmo
Newport
Ma Portland i
la Sydney
:.19
..19
tilt
:.19
:.19
:.13
:.l:-
:.V>
:.1H
:.19
:.2O
:.2O
Progreso
Del Norte
Titan ta
Homer |
Columbia
Alameda
Mackinaw
Fantii Rosa
Curacao
law Tacoma Jl
Rosa ISan Diego [I
o ITaeoma :
Departure Bay 1
( ICoo» Bay I
it City-. 'Crescent City I
t (Humboldt I
allfornlai Portland I!
Walla.... [Victoria & Pnget Sound I
ay Newport I
[Coos Bay I
« [Portland I
[China and Japan !
'. Elder..' Portland i
Bristol
Empire '
Crescent City,..
Chllkat I
Ftate California!
..iC
KM
. . V.'.
t.24
BTEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.
orona l»an j_>iego :
Veeott . .....lTillamookß'y
Lr<?ata .....[Coos Bay
MM! 11... 1 I-
'omona .... Humboldt .....
olumbla .. Portland
TO
Bay.
50.... :
I
1t....
1. 19. 12 mIPMSS
:. 18, 5 pmiPler 13
1. 19. 10 am Pier 24
:.20. 11 am Pier 11
:. 20. B pm Pier 13
:. 21. 10 amjPier 13
t. 21, 10 am Pier 9
..22, 10 am Pier 24
t. 22, 9 am Pier 11
L 23, 10 am Pier 9
t. 24, ipm
:. 24, 2 pm Pier 7
l. 24, 11 am Pier 11
t. 25, 10 am; Pier 24
[rimer Newport 1
ft Sd.
lueen (Vlc&Pgtßd.!
i^nal Grayß Harbor 1
ustralla .. Hnnolulu I
anta Rosa.'San Diego
tate of Call Portland |
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete seta of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparlßon and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
.." OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
h». Steamers leave Broadway
Wi|^^^ wharf, San Francisco:
ISftjßfck. For Alaskan ports, 10 a, m.,
Mli»fw2—^ Sept. 3. 8, 13. 18, 23, 28. October
■m. m\g*l 8. transfer at Seattle.
IKM aal For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
flßK^dmi C), Port Townsend. Seattle.
f^^^^S»i Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash), 10
« a. m., Sept. 3. 8, 13, 18, 23, 28,
October J. and every fifth day thereafter.
transfer at Seattle to this company's steamers
f£ Alaska and O. N Ry. at Tacoma to N.
P Ry at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m., Sept.
6. U. 16. 21. 26, October . 1. and every fifth day
th For af Santa : Cm*. Monterey, ; San Simeon,
Cayucos, . Port Harford , (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport,. a. m.. Sept. I. 6, 10, 14, 18 22. 26.
80 Oct 4 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) 11 a.
m Sept 4. 8. 12, 16, 20. 24, 28, Oct. i, and
every fourth day thereafter. _ ■ ■■ ■-
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Maxatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 18th of every
m For h further Information obtain folder. '^i
, The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
M Or'Moß-4 New . Montgomery'
street (Palace Hotel). A CO.. Gen. Agt»: :
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agta.,
"V ,\T^.:- 10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO .
PORTLAND
• From Spear-street Wharf at •10 A. SM. /
CADE *12 First Class I Includine Bertha
IAnC $8 Second Class and Meals. < :
/ SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: . ■:
State of Ca1if0rnia......... ......Sept. 16. 25
Geo.W. Elder... .........Sept. 19, 28
Columbia ;.......T.:.;.. ........ Sept. 22, Oot. 1
St Paul ■ : $1« 004 St. Louis .....:. $26 85
Kansas City ......26 00 Chicago _.'.......... 24 00
Omaha . ••■••• 2 ft OO'New York ........ 31 00
v E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st. ,"
, GOOD ALL, PERKINS A CO.. , / *
',;.. ■ •-■* ■ ,"-.; : Superintendents. ' - ■■..*•.'
Compagnle Generate Transatlantlque.
v: French Line to Havre. -
Company's )'■ pier (new) 42 North r^v»
River, foot of Morton st- Travelers «MEJnT\
by . this i line avoid both • transit by u3"S*Wtei!>
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a email boat. New York to
Alexandria, ; Egypt, via Paris, first class, • 9140;
second class, $119. ■ ■• ■
LA N0RMAND18........ Sept. 24. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOONE ..........Oot. 1, 10 a. m,
LA TOURAINE Oot. I. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE.... ...... Oct. 18, 10 a. m.
LA NAVARRE- ....... ...... . . . Oct. ; 22, ilO a. m.
t For further particulars apply to •*
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRANSATLAN-
• TIQUB, 1 Agent, •.-■.:•■.,■-■■■-..
;■-.-■■ ■ ; No. S Bowling. Green, New York/--'-
. X T. FT < ;A7!T A CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
>va.. flan Fran risen. - • .r- ■•- •■ . •;
I JHkTdiaMIM B. B. AUSTRALIA
jnMnCDHII tails for Honolulu only
B4 t >li > t iMW *Satiirdiiy. September 24,'
fmmmmWi The 8. - Australia
IKOIIII sails for Honolulu only
i*!"** ■■"Saturday, September 24,
L ™ ' at 2p. m.
(L^V\ The 8. S. ALAMEDA
KMM Sf{i3Fn'jnincJ sails via Honolulu and
W£2im GMUJIIIjIIII/ Auckland . for Sydney
Xjßs^^ /Q|nranU« Wednesday. October 6,
lOtliPd!C*r at 2 a. m,
. Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPS
TOWN. South Africa. *••• , ; •..v; .
< J. IX SPRECKELS * BROS. CO.. Agents,
,1 -.*,•?:■-■- .5: • 114 Montgomery. it. rr
1 Freiirht office— W7 Market st. . San Francisco.
: BAT A2n> BI VEB STEAMEBS.
! -■'■'■ --:••. Steamer ''Monticello." ;: A '! •■;■>
Mon., ! Tues., Wei, .Thura, ■ and 8at......^...,
; »:46 a, m., 8:15 p. m. (8:80 p. m. ex. Than.)
Friday 5 ............ .......1 p. m. and 8:30 p." m.
8unday«.. ........... .....:.»:*> a. m. and 8 p. SB.
• . Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pier *■■■.'
:-!>..':.. ■, Telephone Red 2241. .-. . , '•.:■':- ,;.
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE.
EVERT DAT AND SUNDAY.' TOO. at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO, Clay street . Wharf. Fare 75c.
• • Delightful t. Bay -' Trip,? 44? miles and ' return.
Pa Sundays, Excursion. 11.- " .
cetved e*oh day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, If any, Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, September 18.
Stmr South Coast, Zaddart, 40 hours from
Redondo.
Stmr Newburg, Hansen, 40 hours fnn Ven
tura.
fitmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 49 hours fnn New
port.
Stmr Corona, Debney, 61>4 hours from San
Diego and way ports.
Stmr Arcata, Reed. — hour* from Coos Bay
via Port Orford.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 28 hours fm Eureka.
S^mr National City. Andersen, 74 hours frm
Portland via Coos Bay and Eureka.
fitmr Signal, Bondegaard, 4 days frm South
Bend.
Stmr Westport, Peterson, 30 hours frm Bear
Harbqr.
Strnr Scotia. Hansen, 2S hours from Eureka.
Br ship Gifford, Parry, 68 days from New
castle, NSW.
Schr Monterey, Beck, 15 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Schr Fortuna, Roslch, S days from Eureka.
SAILED.
Sunday, September 18.
TJ S stmr Benntnfrton, Tausslg. Honolulu.
• Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro.
Stmr Orizaba, Yon Helms, Guaymaa via San
Pedro.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, Yaqulna Bay, with
schr Bella In tow.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Geo Loorols, Badger, Ventura.
Br atmr Condor, Dexter, Manila,
Schr J G Wall, BJomstrom. Eureka.
Schr Mary F! Russ, Asmussen, Eureka.
Schr John G North, Anderson, Honoipti.
Bchr Bella, Smith, Crescent City, in tow of
stmr Grace Dollar.
TELEGRAPHIC,
POINT LOBOS— Bept. 18. 10 p. m.— Weather
foggy; wind SW; veliclty 14 miles.
PROCLAMATION.
BTATH OJ CALIFORNIA.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENT©, July 20th. 18W.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth d»y of January. A. D. 1897,
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
Of the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of tha
State of California, to- wit:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONB.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution to propose to the people of tha
■tate of California an amendment to section
eighteen of arttc!*' eleven of the Constitu-
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which It Is proposed to amend said Bectlon to
read as follows:
Pection 18. Nc county, city, town, township,
board of education or school district shall In-
cur any Indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding In any year
the Income and revenue provided for it for
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
Of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the Interest on such Indebtedness as it falls
due and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
came; provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the, unpaid claims with interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the Income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction or any sewer or sewers In said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section: and In determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner; and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo, in Solano County, may pay Its exist-
ing Indebtedness incurred In the construction
of Its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability Incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
ahall be void.
.. AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO. v:
(Being Senate ' Constitutional Amendment No.
- ":.'.' 10.) ' P ■"■'.' ■ N ■ • ■
A resolution proposing to the people of the
Btate of California an , amendment ■ t ■ the Con-
stitution of •■ the » State, by adding a new sec-
" tion to be known and desfgnattj 'as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by"the Inhabitants of
counties of local . county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows: V.:- -
Section 7V4. The inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years. - qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty It shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which ' shall be signed In dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be ' sent to the Recorder ; of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county . government act
•hall then be published in two papers of- gen-
eral circulation in such county, or if ; there be,
not two such papers, .then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication ■ It shall -be
submitted to the qualified • electors .of • such
county, at a general or special. ele^lon, and If
a majority of : such qualified ; electors - voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall '■ there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, as ta : whole, without I
Dower of alteration or amendment; and if ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house. It shall be the county govern-
ment ' act of . such county, and shall .in such
ease become the organic law. thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting forth the submission of such county
government act to the electors, and Its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made In duplicate and
deposited, one In the office of the Secretary of
Ftate the other, after being recorded in the
office of the Recorder of Deeds, In the county,
among the archives of . the county. -.-;■•-
All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
•The county government act so ratified may be
amended, at intervals of not less than two
years by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, ■- to the
ouallfled electors thereof,. at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
in a newspaper of general circulation in such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting i thereon, and • ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any alternative r article or proposition may be
presented for the choice of the voters, and may
he voted on separately without , prejudice ;to
• It'lnall be competent : In all county . govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner In
which the times at which, and the terms for
which the several township and county officers
Other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall,
be elected or appointed; : for their . compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for' the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for. the
number of deputies that each of flc»f shall have
end- for .the compensation payable .to .each ■ of
such • deputies, for the manner in which, the
times In which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election I shall be
elected or appointed ; and : for the constitution,
reflation, compensation : and s government •, of
«uch boards, and of their olerks* and attaches;
also to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted and ' may in . addition • determine the
♦P«tn and conditions upon ; which . electors, po-
litical parties and organisations may partici-
pate In any primary election. .
whenever any ccunty has. In ■ the - manner
and method herein - pointed - out. adopted . any
county government act. and the same shall
nave been approved -toy - the Legislature as
aforesaid the direction of . sections - four ■ and
five of this article providing for the. uniformity
of a system of "county governments throughout
the State 1 and llkewlse*provldlng tor. the elec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation :of • their compensation, shall not apply.
Bald county, government act *hall as to any of
the matters herelnabove provided for and de-
clared by such " county : government act, • not be
iiub'ect to any law or : amendment enacted by i
the ' Legislature. ■ except: by i; amendment ' first i
submitted to the electors and ratified is the
manner ..hereJnabove set forth. : ; .;,--- ■■'■■
: • AMENDMENT NUMBER .THREE. •■;
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to. the I people of the ■
Btate of • California an amendment to •, the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section,
to be known and. designated as section five and
one-half, « article I six, thereby providing for the
organisation >of a court, to ,be . known •as the
Court ,of Claims. ? The said proposed , new sec-
tion to read as follows: 1 -;. _-';*.; r ,-.;
. Section 5V4. The Court of Claims shall con-
•lst of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. A The Coart
'of I Claims shall , have exclusive | Jurisdiction :to
1 hear and . determine > all - claims of , every ;■ Hind
and character i against ■-. the State, under such
-laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
Us Judgment thereon "shall be final. The terms
of the : Court vof Claims shall :be ; held as fol-
lows: ;i :-" --'■ --'■ "■.'?!»«3feBRaCSWHwBBHw«wIH-'siii
.; In the City, of Los ■ Angeles, .commencing on
the second Monday of March; ' ; - .
'.■ In the • City and ■ County • of Ban : • Francisco,
i commencing .on the second • Monday in July,
•and .--■'•■ r. .■•'■:- i--: ■■■■'■;"..■■'.,■ -.•■'; . ■•■ ;.■■.:..*-"*...
( la the catt fit flocramgoiPt csauntacUm on
DOMESTIC PORTS.
; PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept I Schr,
'Robert Lexers, from 4 Honolulu. - ~- " • ■;
; SAN PEDRO— Sept IS— Schr Peerless,
for Tacoma; I schr Eva, for Grays Harbor.
NEW YORK— Sept 18— Stmr La Nor
mandia, from Havre. . • ,
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 18— Stmr Aura
nla, from New York. - " . -■
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Sept Stmr Luca
nia, from New York.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 18— Schr A M Bax- .
ter, i from ' San Pedro. ; ,
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Sept 18— Schr W
H Talnot. from Port Townsend.
■ ASTORIA— Sept 18— Stmrs Columbia
and South Portland, for San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 18— Br ship Sllberhorn, from
Liverpool; " stmr State of California, hence
Sept 16. ' : ■-■ -
■ EUREKA— Arrired Sept Schr Jessie Mi
nor, from Honolulu. " ,
Sailed Sept IS— Schr Olga, for Sydney; stmr
Pomona, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 18— Schr Letitla,
from Coot Bay:'.-,
FORT Arrived Sept 18— Schr La Chil
ena. lie-ncf Sept 15.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Sept IS— Str Coquille
River, hence Sept 17.
AUCTIOIJSALES,
\ FURNITURE OF 25 ROOMS.
THIS DAY (MONDAY) AT 11 A. M.
1433 MISSION ST.. NEAR TENTH.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 602 Market.
y^^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
«Ui#iJW *>25 KEABST ST. Established
Bti^^mA In 1854 for the treatment of Private
gfl ipy, IjWP1 jWP Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
BMRnDft disease wearing on body and mind and
QHBH|^H Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
" -■- . " CM Care* guaranteed. Call or write.
Dr. J. F. *HBBOI*. Box 1937, San Francisco.
the second Monday of November of each year
The Judges holding such term of court shall
rece ye no extra compensation therefor, but
Sit ofTh elVe thell i actual "Penses, to be paid
The tL h i f enera nd of the State treasury.
£T «- B . V han enact aU laws necessary
c»H,^ a i^ ze such court ' to provide the pro-
of this secUon.* 11 t0 Carry ° Ut th provt »'°°«
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment*
A ' , No. !7.)
Btate^of rl'n?n^. Propoee t0 the **° of the
«mf,t f I f'ii ol^" an amendment tc the Con-
i?i .y°? Ot the 6tate - amending article ele en. .
m «n?< g a n t w » ectlon thereto, to be known
n m ?" " umber «ye and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. Th«
eald proposed new section to read as follows:
.^ffl' On 5Hu. The Provisions of sectl or four
ii r V . 9 , of thls article shall not. nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto.- apply to
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
nave become, or shall become, organized under
K 0 of"thTs n> articfe. * Charter UDder ■ eCti °*
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVBJ.
(Being Assembly r Constitutional Amendment
No. 86.)
fit-*.™!? n^^?» to . propoBB to the people of the
flff.f,, . California an. amendment of section
S,"*«n a « section sixteen of article five of the
£?,? ii 1 *."/ 1 , 0 ' of th « Btate of California, by
which It is proposed to amend said sections ta
read as follows:
Section »15 A Lieutenant Governor shall ba
elected at the same time and place and In the
same manner as the Governor, and his term of
2t vS d h!a <! ua Hncatlons shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein. • ■-
Section 16. In case of the impeachment ot
i v?i?7 er . or hls removal from office, death.
Inability to discharge the powers and duties of
bis office, resignation or absence from tha
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for tha-
residue of the term, or until the disability sha.l
cease. And should the Lieutenant. Governor ba
Impeached, displaced, resign, die or become in-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy in the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy In th»
office of Governor for any of the reasons abova
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of tb^ Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of -Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall b«
.filled at Buch general election. v^H/i;-. >,*»«, cr
;V- AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX. '~' : ' V"
(Being Assembly Constitutional ' Amendment
Mf m . ■ No. 38.)
"esi \ resolution to propose to the people of th»
State of California an amendment to section
six article nine of the Constitution of the Stata
or California, relating to grammar schools by
which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 8. The public school system shall In-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools evening schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar '■
schools - shall Include schools organized in a
school district, or union of school districts
having more than one thousand inhabitants In
which a course of study shall be taught which,
will prepare pupils. to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific department of the Unlverl
slty of California. ,
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, In rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which it
Is proposed to amend said section to read as
follows:
Section 1. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
aext succeeding the election of its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
in the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
In session for twenty-five days, after which It
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fall to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete Its
session. No pay shall be allowed to member*
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
no bill .shall be introduced in either house ex-
cept at the first twent.v-.flve days of the session
without the consent of three-fourths of the
members thereof.
NOW, THEREFORE, Pflrsuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors fop
their approval," approved March 7, A. D. 1883,
the above-described proposed amendments are
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8. A. D. 189 S.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written • oi* printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express hla
.choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One, being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francleco, and
the existing indebtedness of the City Tea
of Vallejo for the construction of its .
water works from the provisions of No
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the income and reve-
nues of the year In which they were
incurred).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Two, being Senate
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Tea
(providing for framing local county- — .
government acts by inhabitants of No
counties for their government).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Three, being Sen-
ate Constitutional Amendment No.
44 (providing for the creation of a
Court of Claims to determine claims Tea
against the State, and to consiet of .
three Superior Judges designated by No
the Oovernor to serve without extra
compensation).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Four, being As- '
. eembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities Tea
and counties, organized or to be or-- _
fanized, or holding a charter un- No
er the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation In relation to counties).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Five, being A»- '
stmbly Constitutional Amendment
No. 8C (relating to office of Governor, Tea
providing for succession thereto In 1
certain cases and removing disability Na
, of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Six, being Assem- '
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 3S Tea
(relating to and defining Grammar ■
Schools). n»
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Seven, being As- '
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Tea
Legislature for not less than thirty- ■
nor more than sixty days during each N»
session).
For the Amendment?
Witness my hand and the Great Seal of th»
State of California, the day and year herela
first above written.
JAMES H. BUDD, Governor.
' Attest: U w BROW. 3«cr«t*ry •< S»*ta,
18EAJUJ
78
WHILE HE WON
A FORTUNE HE
LOST A BRIDE
The Sad Experience of
Francois Pigon.
CUPID WAS AGAINST HIM
LOVE WAS OUTWITTED BY VERY
CRUEL FATE.
A Young Klondiker Comes to Claim
His Sweetheart and A'inds Hex
in Bridal Array, Celebrat
ing Her Wedding.
The old saw that truth Is stranger than
ficuon and that the course of true love
is a rocky road to travel has been re
markably demonstrated in two young
people of San Francisco, and the strange
imaginary pictures of life as shown on
the stage of Morosco's have been cast
in the shade by the actual occurrences in
their lives.
About five years ago Francois Pigon,
a young man of good family, fell, at first
slgnt, "heels over head" In love with Vir
ginia Reiftel, one of the handsomest and
most charming young ladies of the
French colony. His affection was recip
rocated and their future was painted In
glowing colors. However, stern parents
had something to say regarding the
mutch. Francois had not reached his ma
jority and while he had been reared in
luxury and idleness and had no concep
tion of the meaning of the word "labor,"
he was not the possessor of a self-sup
porting position or a bank account. For
this reason his parents objected to his as
suming the responsibilities of a benedict.
The sire of the young lady also constituted
himself a stumbling block to the ambition
of the young man, and declared that until
sich time as he had established
In life and showed that he was competent
to provide for a wife he should net wed
the oeautifui Virginia.
The lady could not or would not disre
gard .c wishes of her parents and there
was a tearful parting of the lovers.
However, the young man who had
known nothing l>ut the kid-glove and the
pate-de-tois-gras side of lite, was deter
mined to win the girl, and he lost no time
in preparing to go out and do the battle
01 nis lite.
He declared his intentions, asked Miss
Virginia to wait lor him, and her promise
was given. Then, in company witn an
old experienced miner, he sailed for the
inhospitable shores of Alaska.
There the soit-lianded swain went up
against the seamy side of life, and stood
the teat when the hardships of the miner
in the dreadful northlano. were much
more severe than tney are now. He was
with the advance guard of prosepctors.
and proved himselt not only strong but
fearless in t c face of the sore trials that
come to the peonle who tempt Providence
in that back-door yard of the North Pole.
Through all his eftorts and privations the
love of a lovable wo.man sustained him.
Francois was in the advance when the
discovery was made in the Klondike, and
was one of the nrst to rush to that land
of gold. Fortune favored him and when
the turmoil had subsided he was the pos
sessor of two among the best of mines on
Bonanza Creek, bor a youngster little
past his majority this was marvelous good
luck and he then felt assured that he had
won the prize he had so faithfully striven
for.
As opportunity afforded he sent letters
to his sweetheart and parents, but while
fate safely delivered the latter missives
Cupid made it his business to see that
the former miscarried. For some reason
not dirficult to explain the messages sent
to the young lady, through his parents,
v.ere not delivered and while he supposed
he was encouraging his prosective wife
with uUes of untolu wealth, she was ig
norant of 'his subcess or failure, and fin
ally concluding that her young lover had
forgot a passing fancy and would not re
turn to fuiiiii his fervid vow, she listened
to the advice of friends and parents and
wedded another, mayhap to lead a life of
unalloyed happiness.
Here is where the trusting lover comes
on the scene; comes with enthusiasm;
comes with fat sacks of nuggets— with
checks and drafts to burn — comes as an
other Croesus— a king of gold from tho
Klondike.
Francois, believing that his loved one
was conversant with his successes
through the medium of his letters, and
that he would be accorded a proper wel
come and thereafter take unto himself
a wife whose love would richly recom
pense him for all the sorrows he had ex
perlenced, prepared a pleasant surprise
lor all concerned.
Fate, however, disposed matters other
wise, and thereby hangs a tale that
•would be hard to duplicate in fiction.
lie had "sailed the seas over" and
"crowed the wide ocean" to claim his
bride and shower his wealth upon her.
He arrived in San Francisco two weeks
ago yesterday, laden with sacks of gold
galore, and without a word to his rela
tives went to a hotel to prepare the long
intended surprise. A short seance with a
barber and bootblack, a brushing up of
his rough miner's garb, and the young
man felt confident that he was prepared
for the most enjoyable event in his life
time.
Accompanied by his business partner
he proceeded to the home of i4lss Reiffel,
prepared to take hfr to his arms and de
mand the fulfillment of the promise made
to him by the girl's father.
The hack that carried the expectant
lover could not travel fast enough to suit
him, but his haste was of no avail. While
he was dallying with the tonsorial artist
and the polisher of shoes the apple of his
eye was before the chancel in the Church
of Notre Dame dcs Victotres, taking the
vows that made her the wife of Francois.'
unknown rival.
About three minutes after the bridal
party arrived at the home of the bride's
parents the hot-footed young Klondiker
appeared on the scene. He was ushered
into the «ialn parlor by a sister of the
bride without being prepared for the
shook that awaited him. His former
sweetheart, then in the lower parlor be
ing congratulated as "Mrs. Marion Ma
gallon." was notified that Francois was
iiw.-iltlng her. She received the announce
ment calmly and walked up the stairway
amid a shower of rice and followed by
jpsts and laughter.
Arriving at the landing she obtained a
gllmpeo of the bronzed and weather-worn
man to whom her first love had been
pledged. Without a word she promptly
fainted and was unconscious for nearly a.
half hour.
The faithful Francois seeing that the
prize he had po bravely battled for was
lost collapsed without speaking a word,
and in a dazed condition was assisted to
a carriage by his friend.
The wedding festivities were suspended
for a time, but the pride of the bride
finally sustained her and at the feast she
was the gayest of the gathering, while
her former lover was struggling with his
disappointment at his hotel.
The wealthy young Pigon is naturally
disgusted with his reception, and sighs
no more for the joys of wedded life He
will return to his mines In February and
remain there till he has obtained all the
gold the Klondike has In store for him
So endeth a story of love's labor lost!
Knights of Tara's Outing.
The fourth annual reunion and picnic of
the Knights of Tara was held at Shell
Mound Park yesterday. There was a large
attendance of the members and their
friends. Aside from the dancing, regular
and fancy, there were a number of races
In the amphitheater, the prizes for the
winners being liberal and numerous.
Many prizes were also given out to those
holding lucky gate tickets. The affair
was under the direction of the following
committees:
Arrangements— J. Burns (chairman), M.
Walsh, A. Meehan, M. J. Warren; reception—
William Mulvln, M. J. Hart, C. Deasy, Thomas
Enrißht, P. Heffernnn, Frank Conklin, C. B.
Flanagan, J- Kane; floor — M. .1. Hessnon (floor
director, P. F. Green, W. J. Hayes, M. Crow
ley, O. B, Rlfly (assistants); games— J.
O'Grady (chairman), P. Walsh, M. Hannlgan,
F. Watson (assistants).
TRIBUTE TO BISMARCK'S MEMORY
The Loyal Germans of the City Fittingly Honor the
Name of the Iron Chancellor. •
IN the city by the Golden Gate muf
fled drums rolled a requiem to the Iron
Chancellor yesterday, while thousands
of Gorman-Americans— loyal citizens of
their adopted country, but tilled with love
for the master hand that cemented the
score of independent States into the one
great empire that to them is Fatherland
paid grateful tribute to his memory-
Metropolitan Hall was filled when Wag
ner's march from "Parsifal" announced
the opening of the Bismarck memorial
services. The hall was tastefully draped
with mourning emblems and palms, while
a heroic bust of Germany's foremost
statesman occupied the post of honor on
the rostrum. Just before the exercises
began the Krieger Verein in uniform, un
der command of Captain Robert Wieneke,
filed on to the stage with muffled drums
rolling a dirge and the American flag
draped in crape.
At the conclusion of the opening selec
tion Dr. C. M. Richter, the president of
the day, dejivered his address, during
which he said:
"We estimate the greatness of a man by the
results which his life has produced. We call
his memory great, when he has succeeded lii
glorifying his fellow men and people. All
mankind Is Interested In honoring and com
memorating the memory of such a man. Th*
German nation has recognized aa one of the
great deeds of the Emperor William, the se
lection of Bismarck as the right man In the
right place. No one In the whole world had
WILL CONVENE
THE GRAND JURY
A DELAWARE INDICTMENT FOR
MRS. BOTKIN.
Governor Budd's Decision Drives the
Eastern Authorities to Their
Law Books, and They Pro
pose to Fight.
Because Governor Budd has positively
declined to become a party to the kid
naping of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin into* the
State of Delawcire has set the Governor
and law servers of that State sadly by
the ears, and, while they have all gone
hard at work seeking out precedents and
some way out of their dilemma, they are
filling in their spare moments by saying
sarcastic things about his Excellency or
the State of California.
The first news received by the Dela
ware authorities of Governor Budd's de
cision to not further consider Governor
Tunnell's requisition until a proper com
plaint should accompany It, waa through
a characteristically unique Lees tele
gram. It amounted to a reiteration of
the Chief's ambiguous injunction of two
weeks ago: "If you have not got enough
evidence go out and get more," and was
accompanied by a suggestion to substi
tute for the faulty warrant an indictment
by the Delaware Grand Jury.
Upon reading it Governor Tunnel im
meaiately wired back for definite infor
mation. Pursuant to Chief Lees' sugges
tion that an indictment would be more
readily considered by Governor Budd
than either an information or complaint
the Delaware authorities are arranging
to call a special session of the Grand
Jury at Wilmington.
In a telegram received last evening
from Wilmington, it is said that efforts
are being made to get the jury together
to meet at some day to be set during the
next two weeks, although the regular
session does not come on until November,
and that every effort and influence will
be exerted to get Mrs. Botkin into the
Delaware jurisdiction for trial.
In an interview with The Call's Dela
ware correspondent, Secretary of State
Hughes takes occasion to criticize Gov
ernor Budd's knowledge of the law regu
lating extradition. He said: "We have
honored a great number of extnulitions
in this department within my experience,
but the most complete contained nothing
more thaji the second installment of papers
which we prepared for Governor Buda.
So far as averring that Mrs. Deane was
a human being, as required by Governor
Budd, the indictment will, of course, set
forth everything under the sun and in
exhaustive phraseology. That Mrs.
Deane, the senior of the two murdered
women, came to a horrible death by poi
soned candy sent to her through the
malls, and that she certainly was a hu
man being of this State."
Chief Lees stated yesterday that he had
discovered an opinion that Governor
Budd, nor any other Governor, could do
nothing else than grant extradition when
requested to. "Governor Budd," said
Chief Lees, "cannot refuse to grant this
warrant. If he does his action is arbi
trary and he can be compelled to act by
the Supreme Court. I will not say that
we will resort to the Supreme Court, but
I want to tell you that I have started
In on this thing and I am not going to
be bluffed out. If there Is a law in the
land to do it I am going to get this
•woman back to Delaware for trial."
This morning Judge Cook will hear an
application for a writ or habeas corpus
on behalf of the prisoner.
He Came From Marysville.
Frank Goss. an unsophisticated yoting
man from Marysville, got into the Dewey
saloon, 33 Third street, yesterday morning,
•where he met A. L. Dix, a member of the
Kansas regiment. They had several
drinks together and then they threw
dice with Arthur E. Hiett, the barten
drr, as to who would pay for breakfast
for the trio. Goss lost and paid $1 35 for
the breakfast. After leaving the restau
rant he became helpless, and when he re
covered his senses he was in a rear room
in the saloon with his pockets empty. He
claims to have lost over $20. Hiett and
Dlx were arrested and booked at the City
Prison on a charge of grand larceny.
Commissioner Qunst Cominer Homn.
Police Commissioner Mose Gunst leaves
New York to-day for home. He will stop
In Chicago on his way for a day or so and
will arrive here on next Saturday even
ing. He brings with him many new ideas
of police discipline.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1898.
believed that Germany was a young giant and
not a dying race. No one In the whole world
had thought it possible that behind German
sentimentality lay a "furor teutonicus." Every
country has its great men, representing the
most perfect crystallization of its national fea
tures, but Bismarck, who strove to perfect the
Individual of the nation, as it were, and com
pelled this perfection, remains an unusual
figure in the history of the world.
Following the president's address was a
mass chorus, "Unter alien Wlpfeln Ist
Ruh," by 200 male voices selected from
the various singing societies in this city,
under the direction of Herr Hermann
Holzhaucr, and then Professor Julius
Goebel of Leland Stanford Jr. University
delivered an oration in German, in which
he reviewed Bismarck's life work as sol
dler and statesman.
Frank G. Rohner rendered Beethoven's
"Kgmont" overture on the grand organ,
and was followed by Miss Elsa Prlber,
who recited a poem, "To Bismarck's
Memory." composed by Th. Kirchhoff.
Professor Bernard Moses of the Univer
sity of California delivered an eloquent
oration in English, picturing the dead
statesman's great work for his country
and for humanity. This was followed by
another chorus. "Osplan," after which
Wagner's grand march from "Tannhaus
er," filled the great hall.
The reading of a poem by C. Bundschu,
the tribute of the Krieger Verein and the
veterans of the German army, closed the
services, which were impressive through
out and a fitting tribute to the man whose
memory they honored.
SMALL YACHTS RACE
IN A STRONG BREEZE
WIND TOO STRONG FOR SOME OP
THE RACERS.
Merope and the Yawl With the Tan
Sails Again Prove Winners
in a Small but Fast
Fleet.
The Corinthian small-yacht regatta,
which had to be postponed on Sunday, the
11th, for lack of wind, was held yesterday
off El Campo. So far from there being
a lack of wind the breeze was so strong
and squally that the list of entries was
small.
In the 18-foot class there were four en
tries. C. Eastwood's yawl Kittiwake
proved an easy winner, T. L. Miller's
Idler being second.- Kittiwake set her
spinnaker quickly after starting, and,
gaining a good lead, kept and increased
it.
The course was from a starting line off
El Campo to Red Rock, round it and
thence back to the starting line. The
breeze being southwesterly, it was a run
to Red Rock and a beat back. Vice-
Commodore G. T. S. White of the San
Franciscos sailed one of the half-raters
belonging to the Pacific Yacht Club, but
her mafnsail being reefed and still hoisted
to the full height, and having no spin
naker, she did not run fast; and in the
beat to windward her lack of stability
told against her. In rounding Red Rock
the boats got under the lee of the rock
and so lost the wind for a minute or two.
Kittiwake was first round, and in the
beat home she stood up well, beating
Idler by 14 minutes and 35 seconds and
Dulce by a considerably greater time.
The Pacific half-rater did not finish.
In the 24-foot class P. W. Hamdall's
sloop Merope, which won in her class in
the Admission day regatta, again proved
a winner, defeating Brietzmann Bros.'
sloop Cupid by 5 minutes and 42 seconds.
Frank Bartlett's sloop Queen. E. R
Lathrop's sloop Pride, Commodore Dr. T.
L. Hills sloop Cygnus, Vice-Commodore
G. T. S. White's sloop Will o' the Wisp
ex-Commodore A. J. Young's sloop Clara
Commodore Carl Westerfeld's sloop
Aeolus and several other well-known
yachts cruised about In the upper bay or
lay at anchor in Paradise Cove
GENERAL MILLER IN DOUBT.
Discredits the Prediction of an Early-
Movement of Troops.
Considerable excitement was caused
among the troops at the Presidio yester
day by the dispatch published in themorn
ing papers to the effect that the War De
partment contemplated the immediate
sending of the troops now here to Manila
and Honolulu. General Miller, when seen
yesterday in regard to the dispatches,
said:
"I have received no news from Washing
ton of any character whatsoever. I do
not beljeve that the War Department in
tends to send any troops away from San
Francisco until after the return of Gen
eral Merriam. We have had a number of
similar rumors from Washington and
there has been nothing in them, and I am
inclined to think that there is nothing in
this latest one."
Yesterday was an exceedingly quiet day
at the Presidio. First Brigade headquar
ters were closed early in the afternoon
Adjutant General Barrett and Colonels
Beck, Burgin and Howell of the Gover
nor's staff paid General Miller an informal
Leave of absence for ten days has been
granted to Captain W. S. Allright and
Lieutenant B. C. Little of the Twentieth
Kansas Regiment.
General Miller has issued an order stat
ing that in future no leave of absence will
be issued to officers who are members of
general courts-martial.
Sergeant Hauser, Battery A, California
Heavy Artillery, who was recently tried
by a summary court for insolence to an
officer, was sentenced by the court to be
reduced to the ranks and fined $10 with
thirty days' confinement in the guard
house.
Private Anderson, Battery I, Third Ar
tillery, is sick at the Post hospital with
dlpththeria. He has been placed in the
isolated ward and is doing nicely.
Lurlipc Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkln sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
»nd cold tub baths. Salt waterdlrect from ocean.
ROCK ISLAND
BOY PROVES
A WONDER
Eastern Greyhound
Beats Firm Friend.
LEADS HIM MANY LENGTHS
LUXOR, A PUPPY FROM SANTA
CLABA, A WINNER.
High-Class Competition Marks tne
Sport at Union Coursing Park.
Many Fast Bogs at
Ingleside.
Rock Island Boy, a puppy recently Im
ported from the East, won the open stake
at Ingleside Coursing Park yesterday in
most impressive style. He met Firm
Friend, the imported English dog in the
final and did not permit him to score.
From the moment they left the slips
the Boy commenced to gain on his op
ponent and opened up a gap of fully ten
lengths. They coursed the hare straight
across the field, and after working him
for a few wrenches he escaped. The win
ner was favorite at two to one. He was
fortunate during the afternoon in work
ing his way into the final easily. Firm
Friend, on the contrary, had gruelling
courses throughout the day. This is the
winner's third start. The last time out
he won the puppy stake, and when on his
first appearance he won three courses.
Curtis & Son won the puppy stake with
Luxor, a most promising youngster. In
the final he met Trinket. He led up and
secured the turn and came around, let
ting Trinket in. Luxor then killed. The
detailed results follow:
Puppy stake, second round — T. J. Cronin'B
Rose of Tralee beat J. Segrgerson's Gold Hill;
T. J. Cronln's Maid of Bail beat Curtis & Son's
Highland Ball; M. C. Delano's Trinket beat
B. H. Kenne's Beauty Spot; Curtis & Son's
Luxor beat James O'Brien's Statesman.
Third round— Trinket beat Rose of Tralee;
Luxor beat Maid of Bail.
Final — Luxor beat Trinket.
Open stake, second round — O. Herzog's
Lanky Bob beat M. Neolon's Van Cloe; R. E
de B. Lopez'- Green Valley Maid beat O.
Sharlon's Wait a Little; L. & R. Scott's Lord
Byron beat George Whitney's Theron: A. &
B. kennel's Rock Island Boy beat Bartels
Bros.' Rest Assuied; D. Ford's Benito beat W.
C. Erben's Vigilant; Curtis & Son's Commo
dore beat T. Gaffney's Sir John Arnott; F.
A. Esqulval's Peaceful Glen beat A. & B. ken
nel's Meta; Russell & Wilson's Victor Queen
beat F. C. Mack's Black Patti; Handy &
Smith's Victor beat T. J. Cronin's Thornhili;
Pasha kennel's Firm Friend beat H. R. Bald
win's Forsrlve; H. R. Baldwin's Forget beat
P. & G. kennel's Ruth Ashmore: R. E. de B.
Lopez' Carmen beat R. Pringle's Gladys
Pasha; Curtis & Son's McKlnley beat Larkey
& Rock's Minerva; D. J. Healy's Rusty Gold
beat Larkey & Rock's Liberty Bell; Al Aus
tin's Douglas beat M. Nealon's ■an Knapp;
D. Hooper's Koolawn beat Bartels Bros."
Macs Melody.
Third round — Green Valley Maid beat Lanky
Bob; Rock Island Boy beat Lord Byron; Bo
nita beat Commodore; Victor Queen beat Peace
ful Glen; Firm Friend beat Victor; Forget
beat Carmen; Rusty Gold beat McKinley;
Koolawn beat Douglas.
Fourth round— Rock Island Boy beat Green
Valley Maid: Victor Queen beat Bonita; Firm
Friend beat Forget: Rusty Gold beat Koolawn.
Fifth round— Rock Island Boy beat Victor
Queen; Firm Friend beat Rusty Gold.
Final— Rock Island Boy beat Firm Friend.
HADIWIST WINS.
The Winner of the Champion Stake
at Ingleside Yesterday Was a
Surprise to Everybody.
The Champion stake was won yesterday
at Ingleside Coursing Park by Hadiwist.
and the non-winners' stake went to St.
Gertrude, the runner-up in the non-win
ners' stake being Brlliahtine, who was
withdrawn by J. Dean, as the course pre
vious to the finals was very long, in
which Brilliantlne and Sir Wilful had all
the running taken out of them by a hare
that had extraordinary energy, who after
running the hounds all over the field for
several minutes gracefully made its exit
Into the escape. That Hadiwist should
win the champion stake was a surprise
to everybody was very evident, as in
every course, with one exception, he was
a good short-ender. False Flatterer had
an unlucky streak, being defeated in the
third round by a bad hare more than by
Mercury's fleetness. L. S. Conley, who
was not retired until the fifth round in
the non-winners' stake, furnished a world
of fun for the patrons of the park by his
great brain work, figuring out the direc
tion in which way the hare would run,
and by his excellent "lurching" qualities.
The day throughout was a short-enders'
day, a great many of the short-enders
winning at good, long odds.
The results were as follows:
Non-winners' stake, second round — Deckel
man & Panario's Glen Chloe beat J. Murray's
Mary X: F. Moran's Flying Faster beat Dillon
& RelUy's Dauntless; Lynah & Mahler's Dako
ta bent Kay & Trant's KUlarney Lass; Lowe
& Thompson's Sir Wilful beat S. E. Portal's
Our Boy; Gibson & Moore's Monitor beat W.
Badger's Minnie B; V. Guerrero's Wlngfoot
b«at O. H. Hoag Jr.'s Dei-orator; J. Farley's
Mystic beat H. Weber's Montana; J. Dean's
Brllliantine beat Russell & Wilson's Glenrosa;
S. Hansen's L. S. Con ley beat James "r.
O'Brien's Sharkey; T. A. McEldowney's The
Oossoon beat T. Hughes' Nellie H; Dillon &
RelUy's Granuale beat D. Shannon's Swlnner
ton; J. Kerrigan's St. Gertrude beat A. Vau
Den Burgh's Hobson; C. F. Brown's Rosalie
beat J. Cox's Clifton La-«s; F. Moran's Van
Kirk beat P. Gaffney's Lorraine; W. Perry's
Campania beat. Dillon & RelUy's Revolver; A.
Johnson's Lissak beat C. Strehe's Jimmy Cork.
Third round— Flying Faster beat Glen Chloe:
Sir Wilful beat Dakota; Monitor beat Winged
Foot; Brilliantlne beat Mystic; L. S. Conley
beat The Gossoon; St. Gertrude beat Granu
ale; Rosalie beat Van Kirk; Lissak beat Cam
pania.
Fourth round— Sir Wilful beat Flying Faster;
Brilliantlne beat Monitor; St. Gertrude beat
L. S. Conley; Ltssak beat Rosalie.
Fifth round— Brilliantlne beat Sir Wilful; SH
Gertrude beat Lissak.
Final— St. Gertrude won on account of Bril
liantlne being withdrawn.
Champion stake, second round— F. Moran's
False Flatterer beat P. Brophy's Benlcia Boy;
O'Nell & Hanrahan's Mercury beat Lowe &
Thompson's Prince Hal; A. Hash's Hadlwlst
beat O'Nell & Hanrahan's Promise Me; A.
Johnson's Mountain Beauty beat J. Dean's
Mlalmo; John Eagan's Mayflower beat J.
Dean's Gladiator.
Third round— Mercury beat False Flatterer;
Hadiwist beat Mountain Beauty; Mayflower
ran a bye.
Fourth round— Mayflower beat Mercury; Had
lwlst ran a bye.
Final — Hadlwlst beat Mayflower.
Coursing at Los Angeles.
I.OS ANGELES, Sept. 18.— Coursing at
Agricultural Park to-day resulted as fol
lows:
In the run offs Llrlo beat Springfield; Stape
Munton (Dego) beat Donoaster; Kitty Scott
beat Gypsy; Lady Wallace beat Matinee;
Fleetwood beat May Day; Home Rule beat Sir
Jasper; Orpheum Prince beat Juanlta; Crow
Dor beat Don Orslnl; Queen J beat Little
Brown Jug; Orpheum Lass beat Elslnore;
Beauty beat Romeo; Rosewood beat Black
Diamond; Lady Agnes beat Reliance; Ormonde
beat Fannie: Amorita beat Benerlno; Llllle B
beat Little Dick.
In the flrst ties Llrio beat Stape Munton:
Kitty Scott beat Lady Wallace; Fleetwood
beat Home Rule; Orpheum Prince beat Crow;
Orpheum Lass beat Queen J; Roosewood beat
Beauty; Llllie B beat Lady Agnes; Amorlta
beat Ormonde.
In the second ties Kitty Scott beat Hrlo.
Orpheum Prince boat Fleetwood; Orpheum Lass
beat Lillie B; Amorita beat Rosewood.
In the third ties Kitty Scott beat Orpheum
Prince; Orpheum Lass beat Amorlta.
In the flnalß Orpheum Lass won first, Kitty
Scott second, Amorita third.
SAILED FOB MANILA.
The Condor Leaves for the Philip.
pines With Supplies for the
American Forces.
The steamship Condor started on her
long voyage to Manila yesterday morn
ing laden with supplies, provisions for
Admiral Dewey's fleet. The Condor
passed through the Golden Gate at an
early hour, and like the U. S. S. Benning
ton that preceded her, was soon envel
oped in the dense fog that overhung the
Pacific. The Bennington was in com
mand of Captain Taussig and is on her
way to Honolulu. Rumor has it that the
trim gunboat is heading direct to Samoa
to take up her station at Apia. Since
the death of Malietoa it is said an In
surrection is feared.
The British ship Pericles, one of the
famous Aberdeen clippers, arrived In
port on Saturday night from Sydney,
making the fastest run of the season.
Captain Philip brought the stanch flyer
over the distance in fifty-three days. In
seasons past he has cone the distance in
less time. Captain Philip is one of the
oldest and best known sailors plying be
tween this city and foreign ports.
LORING CLUB
TO ENTERTAIN.
The Loring Club has issued invitations
for the first concert of this their twenty
second season, to be held on Tuesday
evening, September 27, at Odd Fellows'
Hall. The concerts of this popular club
are noted for their high class music and
a large and ultra-fashionable audience is
always a foregone conclusion.
The wedding of James C. Kelly and Miss
May Horan took place Sunday evening,
September 11, at Sacred Heart Church, the
couple- being the first to be married in the
new edifice. The ceremony was performed
by the Rev. Father Flood. The bride was
attended by Miss Nellie Keenan, and M.
C. Marron acted as best man. After the
ceremony the weddingparty repaired to
the residence of Mrs. T. N. Furlong, 914
Fulton street, where an elaborate supper
was served. Only relatives were present.
Thursday evening the guests of the Ho
tel de Redwood indulged in a sheet and
pillow case party, which was a very amus
ing affair. Among those who enjoyed the
evening's entertainment were Mr. and
Mrs. B. H. Reeb, Dr. and Mrs. White, Mr.
and Mrs. W. J. Clark, Mr. and Mrs. I. S.
Averell, Mr. and Mrs. M. S. Cox, Mrs.
William T. Thoney, Miss Minnie Clark,
Miss Rae Miller, Miss Ella Cutter, Miss
French, Misses Matty, Misses Bienenfeld,
Messrs. Ray L. Wilbur, L. L. Stephens,
A. M. Smith, W. G. Bailey, W. McPher
son, F. Collins, William F. Clark. Rolio
G. Hollister, Jack Clark, Lovell Laughlin,
A. Matty, M. H. Clark, H. Gillman.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Heinz celebrated
their silver wedding on Sunday evening,
September 11, at Washington-square Hall.
The affair in which about fifty couple par
ticipated was most enjoyable.
The engagement of Mrs. Sarah Danhau
ser (nee Klaber) and Herman Kaufman
is announced.
Mrs. Dennis O'Sullivan has returned
from London, and will spend the winter
with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. James
Marvin Curtis, at 2518 Union street.
Denis O'Sullivan has signed with Fran
cis Wilson for the season and will appear
as his leading man in New York next
week in the new opera, "The Little Cor
poral."
Miss Louise Tourney has removed from
1225 Geary street to 1111 Hyde street, and
will receive on Tuesdays.
Mrs. Gunzburger of 1617% Webster street
will be plased to see her friends this Mon
day. September 19.
Mrs. James B. Marvin has given up her
rooms at the Palace and will spend the
fall and winter in Southern California.
Mrs. E. V. Hervey. Mrs. N. Nathan and
Miss Harriet Merrill have returned after
a month's stay at Capitola.
THEY SHOWED FIGHT.
The Police Have a Lively Time in a
House on Harrison Street.
Mike Brogan, Edward Savage, William
Savage and Mrs. Sarah Savage engaged
in a row in a house at 1128% Harrison
street yesterday, and when the police at
tempted to arrest them they showed fight.
Brogan drew a razor, but was promptly
knocked down by one of the officers.
One of the Savages was armed with a
long knife, but before he had a chance to
use it he was also rendered harmless.
At the City Prison the men were
charged with carrying concealed weapons
and disturbing the peace, and the woman
with disturbing the peace.
Shot in the Foot.
Willie Hampshire, aged ten years, living
at 230 First street, was accidentally shot
in the right foot yesterday by some boys
who were shooting at a flock of birds
near the Cliff House. The injured boy
was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where the wound was dressed by Doctors
Wymore and Graves.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL..
R Newmark, Berkley S W Allen, Cal
F E Palmer, Or W R Moore. Log Ang
J Hathena, Sacto F Hughes. Los Ang
W S Baker, S Diego J N Lean. Ariz
W Moore, S Barbara L Solomon, Fresno
F Hughes, Los Ang D Jarvls. Seattle
Mrs Graves &fm,Wash Mr Holmes, Chicago
J W Dean, Ariz Mrs Holmes, Chicago
W James. Seattle R Goble. Los Ang
P Bert hoi f. Seattle J Pnscholy & w Ngls
ASt George. Chicago A WehPter & w.Ps Rbl
Mrs Silbersteln, FtAph A J Ferguson, S Barb
H E Barker. Stockton J Anderson N T
Mrs C J Barker, StktonlJ R Jordan. Visalla
Miss S Barker. Stktn jF A Hodapp. Martinez
R S Gable, Los Ang 'E F Peart, Sacto
O Phillips, Sacto I A L Tlbbett. Petalma
M Brooks, Los Ang JB Boze &w. Jmestwn
W Baker, S Diego !C P Daly, Vallejo
BALDWIN HOTEL.
McKee Rankln, NY G Geary, Chicago
Miss N O'Nell. NY E R Gifford, Auburn
Miss R Allen, NY WE Henry, S Jose
H Carr, N V Mlfs Fe Temple, Cal
R H Dunne, S Jose J Mathern, Salinas
Capt Lindy, Cal L Carter, S Barbara
H Ford. USS McArt'r F Clarke. Stockton
A G Jones, USA Miss Carter, Oakland
J McMahon. Oakland S Stoll & w. Vallejo
S Polser Jr, Honolulu H H Harkness, Phila
E Dodson, Term B Bpnjamin, Montana
W McFaggots. V S A L Tawham, Cal
G Rashley, S Joss Mrs McDonald, Selby
J J Delaney, US N E Wlnzlnskl. Sonora
T Solomon, Fresno N G Elliott, Cal
J Ogsben, Cal E C Smith, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
J L Herzoß. NY J P Orler, Chicago
G Fletcher, Cal G B French, Chicago
W Kead Jr. Stanford J R Murphy. Chicago
Z Oppenhelmer. Phila W A Edwards, Phlla
Mrs Plater. L Ang Mrs Edwards. Phlla
Miss Maddllove, L Ang S R Barton, Cinn
H Edjrar. China F S Wilson, Pa
W C Fewey, L Ang Dr Mcntyre, S Lake
E Sweet, NY M Martendale, Term
Mrs Sweet. NY R B Warren. Term
F Blaisdell. Vienna M G Campbell, Term
Mrs Blaisdell. Vienna H Buck. Hongkong
G Seymore, NY B Benjamin. L Ang
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E G Walters. Chicago C B Danielson, Chlco
C Nauman, S Jose F Ping. Modesto
B Pietrie, Petaluma J W Gough, Angels
W H Reed, Fresno J Mitchell, Lathrop
N Flnkelstein, L Ang O Baring, Placervllle
A J Ryan, Callstoga J D Sterling Jackson
A Brown, Stockton M F Matson, S Rafael
Miss M Jarvis, Stkn J Royce. Seattle
Miss L Jarvis, Valleju J L Harrison, Seattle
T Fay, Monterey P A Sutton. Seattle
SAN FRANCI6CO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery atn*U
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS7 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
(15 Lark In street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2626 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING \ NOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate Commandery No. 16, K. -.•''jt---
T.. Golden Gate building, 62.% Sutter st. +s&m.
Stated assembly THIS EVENING at 8 (PB
o'clock. All iratere are courteously - HUB
invited. - " W
CH AS. L. PATTON, Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA, Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal" m
: Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. _JV-
Business and R. A. degree. By in- jC jf
Rtruction of the H. P. < ,••... , . : /V^
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260,. F. m
and fA. M., Franklin Hall. 1839 ■.": Fill- LJV " :
more St.— Third degree ■ THIS (MON- 'JE jft
DAY) ? EVENING, at 7:30 • o'clock. ■ B>W>
■ order of the Master. vapMKMHlnrißßi'
■'■■■•-■■.::: f ..' ' - .HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. & A. M. ' • 2 - -■■
Called meeting THIS .. (MONDAY) iIJV
EVENING, at 7 o'clock. Third de- TT jP
-, gree. ■-; CD. BUNKER, : Secretary. /yY
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. m
M.— Called meeting THIS i (MONDAY) 'JfcM
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- "1C JF
gree. . By order of the W. M. ■>■■ •".••:. /VN
;;;'-.-: vG. W. ROOT, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge i No. 120. iF. and IA. :• -
, Funeral -.notice — : and mem- _JV
bers are requested to assemble at M;t-*sf
■ - sonic ; Temple ■at s 1:30 Ip. m. -on TUES /yrS
DAY, v the 20th > inst., 1 for the : purpose ; of ' con-
• ducting * the ■ funeral .; ; services s; of ; i our • late
brother. ? Past ■ Master Louis Conn, thence per
: 3:30 : o'clock ; train ' from 3,'hlrd : and > Townsend
streets. By order of the W. M. f . •; -~
:'. ■•;;■:-:--• >*^ FREDERICK- BARRY.; Secretary.
THE i Maguire Club 'of s the I Thirty-fourth ? Dis-
;;."• trict s will ,■ meet ;. at t Harmony :■ Hall, Mission
•' and Erie i sts., on g.. TUESDAY : EVENING '
- September 20, 1898. '- Everybody ; is : invited. ■'■
J - ' ! WM. GROWNEY. Tern. Pres :
WM.fH. ALMON. Tern .! Secy. •
iiTTrwwwmiwinaiiinini— iirh.THi i i* — - ' ■
- SPECIAL NOTICES...
DR. E. :J. : WILLIAMS baa removed ■to 967
- ■ Mission ■^'BW*WSHffiFli i SW'ff ll *^-'* '" - *■"
ROOMS V papered from $3; whitened, .up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected f or $4: collections made:
; city >, or country. > . PACIFIC i COLLECTION
: CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. room 6: tel. 6580. --.'
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND • notice.— Dividend No. 69 (fifty
h cents . per : : share) ■of the ■ Hutchinson Sugar
. Plantation Company will be "payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St., on and
after ,Tuesday, September 20, 1898. • Transfer
books *• will close 'on Wednesday, September
14, 1898, at 3 o'clock p. m. , •••■■••
• E.H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
GERMAN ' cook, ■ best of references, desires . *
situation. ; J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS American family cook, best
city references, wants position. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.; phone Grant 186.
GERMAN nurseglrl wants position, $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.; phone Grant
185. .-■ '.■ :. • - -■' :'■ • ■'• '.:' ' - .'•
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook and . laundress
desires situation; 3 years last place; city or
country- MISS ■ CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires • situation at house-
work or as nurse, $10 to $15. ■ MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. , - -'-; ■-. ■-.-
NUMBER of girls . all nationalities awaiting
■ situations with best of references at MRS.
HIRD'S Employment Office, 631 Larkln; tel.
■ Sutter .52. - .'-.-■. .. / ■ .' - . -. ■ . .•.'.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a situation to
do general -housework; Is a good plain cook;
[ kind to children or take care of invalid. 245
Minna st., for two days.
EXPERIENCED German nurse wishes a po-
sition as infant's nurse; city or country;
wages $20; best city references. 613% Halght
: St., near Steiner. ■-.■-
WANTED— young mother and child, home
In exchange for services; housekeeper; sew-
ing; care children. Box 1105, Call office.
COMPETENT girl with first-class references
wishes a situation i as , seamstress and cham-
bermaid or waitress. 1534 Jackson st.
PROTESTANT trustworthy old lady wishes
light work in a nice, small family. Address
41 Hill St., above Valencia. -
GERMAN woman . wants work . ; by the : day,
small v washing and . house-cleaning. 602
■ Stevenson st:, cor Sixth.
WOMAN wishes a situation, city or country;
small wages; $8 or $10 a month. • 216 Minna
. St.. off Third. ■ . '
GERMAN woman, middle-aged, wishes a posi-
tion as cook. Call or address Cook, 1327 How.
ard st. •-■■-..
WOMAN with two children wishes work by
the day, $1 a day and car fare. 109 Fifth st.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged widow wishes
3 or 4 hours' housework dally. ' Box 620, Call.
WANTED— Situation to do general housework
by a Protestant woman. ■ 901 Folsom st.
GIRL wishes situation to do general housework
small family. Call or address J. P.. 522 Fell.
FIRST-CLASS waitress and parlormaid; 2
years' . reference, American ■-.: family; French
0 nurses and second girls; first-class American
cooks; German . cook, 4, years' ' references;
chambermaids and seamstresses and girls of
any nationality. Call at LEON ANDRE'S,
316 Stockton st. . ~ .
SITUATION - : wanted by a young German
woman to do general housework; Is a good
cook and . seamstress. Apply 6448 Natoma
st. ; wages $20 to $25. -. ■ ; ■
ARTISTIC dressmaker will -work for $1 25 per
day '■ or - take work home. 1337 Market St.,
near Seventh. ' . r • i .-
DRESSMAKER, good cutter and fitter, would
like a few more engagements by the day or
would take work home. 1403 Polk st.
MARRIED woman would like a place to work
in hotel or lodging-house as chambermaid or
help In kitchen. 504 Second st.
STRONG competent young woman wishes place
to do cooking or housework: 2 years' refer-
ence from last place; willing to go In coun-
try. 405 Gough st., near Hayes.
NEAT girl wishes situation to do housework In
the city. MURRAY & READY. 634 Clay St.;
telephone Main 6848. . .
NEAT refined young lady wishes position as
copyist :or ; office ■. assistant. Address "■ P. O.
box 19, ' Pleasanton, Cal. . • . .
MAN and wife wish situations In city or coun-
try; man to work on ranch, wife to cook.
Box 1258. Call office. , . v
WANTED — By competent person ! a position to
nurse or. as companion to eluerly lady; can
take charge of children and will furnish good
references. «> Box ■ 1148. ■■ Call . of flea. ; j-.«»>>.. , ,{.-«.
NEAT . reliable middle-aged lady wishes ' posi-
tion as working housekeeper; wages $12 to
- $15; references exchanged. Address : House-
keeper, 872 Broadway. Oakland. . ;y :■<?
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 90 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE ; and ' Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
SITUATION wanted by .; reliable, sober young
man ■in private : place; ■ understands care of
cows ' and s gardening; : also • good horseman.
ANDERSON, 219. Kearny St.
SITUATION wanted I about . gentleman's . place
to care for , horses : and garden; good driver;
can milk; handy with tools; good references.
Box 619, Call office. " - -
STEADY ; sober strong man wishes position ■ in
hotel or institution; handy with anything,
especially woodwork. MR. BERGSTIRNN,
'L 511 Folsom ' st. r. , ; . „ .; .; . "-'
YOUNG man, 28. first-class education, neat
appearance, - speaking ■ fluently and writing
German, Spanish and English, 5 years' ex-
perience as shipping clerk ; and In '■ general
office work In South America, wants position
In some business house. : Box 993, Call. .
WANTED — By a ■ sober.- young ■ man, well ac-
quainted with horses, ' a position as driver of
delivery or milk wagon; Is ' well acquainted
with streets: best references. Address WIL-
LIAM KARSTADT, 215 Parnassus aye., near
Stanyan st. .
WANTED— By a sober young married man, a
position : as fireman or general utility man;
understands electricity and engineering; best
references. - Address C. J. AUGUST POPE,
215 Parnassus aye.
JOB printer, first class, reliable, with 'experi-
ence In managing large offices, desires posi-
t ion, city or country, at fair salary. - Address
MARK WEST, Oakland. Cal.
A BELTMAN with good - references wants - a
situation in any kind of a factory for belt-
men, and can do any other work besides. Ad-
dress Box 1234. Call office.
BARBER, first-class workman, engaged In. so-
liciting during the day, wants a position t-
work . evenings Saturdays : and Sundays;
steady. Address Barber, ; box 1294, Call office.
SWEDE » wants a situation in a private place
as gardener ■: and coachman; is a • first-class
milker; flrst-olaes reference. : Box 1113," Call. •.
RELIABLE Chinaman, '• excellent cook, wishes
a situation; has very good references; willing
• and obliging. . Address . box 1130, > Call office.
YOUNG ) man, | several years : experience In gro-
cery, wishes steady position ; best of letters
and references. Box 605, Call office.
DRIVER— man who L knows city ' well,
wishes position ; low wages ; references. Bo*
. 609. Calf office. - ■ ■ --.:-. - .-,- -. : . *
SITUATION wanted by a first-class general
machinist; good engineer. Box 1258. Call.
UPHOLSTERER, German ; young man wants
situation." 665 Mission st. ■
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $150 to $«
week; convenient and -. respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry. • >
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
TWO Protestant second girls, a short distance,
$20, see ladles here ; « 2 laundresses, ; private
family and hotel, $20 and $2.1; - German nurse
- $20; 3 cooks. German style, $25; German -of
Scandinavian cook, 2 in family, $25- German
;;• working ; housekeeper, small hotel. $25- col-
ored girl for housework,- $20; 6 waitresses, ho-
tels ; and .i restaurants, . $15. $25 ; and $5 ; week
and girls for housework In -city, and country'
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st
GIRL, 1 office work, $4 per week. MISS CUL-
S LEN, 325 . Sutter st. . ; ; . . . . \.- : ;.%
GIRLS for housework. Bakersfleld. $25 and $20;
15 housework girls, city and country, $20 and
$2.1; :6 : young girls. . assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter : st. ■
GERMAN or ', Swedish cook ■ and second girl,
$25 and , $20. 1? MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German vor French '-- cook, $35.
; MISS: CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ' --
GIRL light work, v $10; sleep home. MISS
; CULLEN. 32.1 Sutter st. , , . : -..'.■ .". , . 
COOK, : country, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st. >.■•:. ■■ . • .;. .:■ .■.:■.'•,/.; i .-. r. ■•-;';: ■
NEAT young ) girl, $12. MISS . CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. ; : .;;- . .; ; . ;;. -., '■ .•■ , •'.•..'.;.•...'■;•..■
WOMAN with a'• child, -. $12. MISS \ CULLEN,-
'* 325 Sutter st. ' •. . ' - ;.</V •
FOUR waitresses, $20 ; each. MISS ; CU__,.sn~
325 'Butter st. ! :
GERMAN ; second ' girl. ," $25. - MISS CULLEN
• 325 Sutter 8t;T:.T ..■:;:.;; , ;■.-:■-:'.:- 'V.":: '„ f- J ■■'
COOK, country, $35 ; i cook, < city. i Jewish * Xarn^
i\ lly.l $35. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. .-■:
NURSE,' |25. MISS CULLBN. : 825 Butter at.
HEL. WANTED— Contfnoed.
C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.. want to-
day—Head waitress. $2.1; head waitiess. $22 50;
2 waitresses, $20; 2 chambermaids to wait.
$20; 10 waitresses, different country hotels, j
$20; 2 fancy ironers, $10 week; plain laundress.'
country hotel, $20
German cook, $30; cook. American family,
$25; middle-aged housegirl for smal'. Ameri-
can family, $20; young, neat houseglrl for I
In family, Benlcia, $15, see lady here U
o'clock, and a number of young girls fo*
city and country places, $15 to $30; middlo-
aged woman to care for baby. C. B. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— German cooks, $35 and $30; second
girl, $20; cashier, restaurant, $30; cook, small
country hotel, $25; French cook, small board-
Ing house, $25; cook and laundress, $25: girls
for housework and assist. LEON AKDKE,
316 Stockton st.
TWO upstairs girls, $20; waitress, $20; seam-
stress, $25: 2 German cooks, $25; 3 nursegirls.
$15; 10 girls for housework. MRS HRD, 631
Larkln st.
WANTED— -Girl or middle-aged woman fo»
light housework; cooking; sleep home; Ger-
man preferred. Call 416 Folsom st.
LADY to take charge of small house and two
children; small salary and expenses; Jap
kept. Box 637, Call office.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework 2
in family. Call between 9 and 11 a. m.. 2249
Sutter st.
WANTED— Neat girl for light housework.
461 Guerrero St., bet. Sixteenth and Seven-
teenth.
YOUNG girl to take care baby. 2 Hayward
St., bet. Seventh and Eighth, off Harrison.
GIRL for housework and plain cooking; Ger-
man preferred; small family. 1707 Buchanan.
YOUNG girl to take care of baby; must sleep
home. Call at 1008 Van Ness aye.
WOMAN for housework; wages $8 to $10 per
month. 843 Third st.
WANTED— A finisher and buttonhole . maker at
36 Grove st. ______________
WANTED— Young girl for light house-work. 780
Halght St.; call between 8 and 12 a, m.
WANTED— First-class operators on .custom
coats. 239 Fifth st. : steady work.
WANTED— A tailoress on custom coats. SJS
Sixth st.
WANTED— A good finisher on custom coats.
F. X., 518 Howard st.
WANTED— An experienced apprentice on cus-
tom coats. 477 Tehamo.
WANTED— An apprentice on vests. 226 Fifth
street.
YOUNG girl to wash sliver and glasses In
restaurant; sleep home. 313 O'Farrell st.
TAILORESS wanted to work on pants; custom
work. 803 Montgomery St.; third floor.
WANTED— A young woman to do general
housework. 97 Silver st., corner Third.
APPRENTICE with some experience on cus-
tom coats. 373 Natoma St., near Fifth.
WHAT young woman to cook on ranch, San
Mateo County, $20; 2 waitresses, same coun-
try hotel, $20 and found. MURRAY —
READY, 634-636 Clay at.
OPERATORS wanted on overalls. S3 Battery
st. ; upstairs.
WANTED— Finishers on custom-made ceats;
good wages; steady work. 409 Clementina st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
376 San Jose aye.
WANTED— Suit saleslady; also cloak sales-
man. Box 818, Call office.
LIMITED number taught hammock making,
11; money made. 997 Market; office, 209.
GERMAN girl wanted to do upstairs work
and wait at table; wages $20. Call at 2217
Sacramento St., near Laguna; call in morn-
Ing- _
YOUNG girl for general housework; small
family. 1475 Twenty-seventh aye., Fruttvale,
j near station.
GIRL for general housework. 306 Laurel St.,
between Sacramento and Clay.
OPERATORS on gents" white shirts. 63S Va-
lencl'a st.
LEARN dressmaking and tailoring at KRIS-
TER'S; patterns to order. 118 McAllister st.
TWO young ladles to Introduce Egfy Auto-
graphic Sales Registers among down town
merchants. PERNAU BROS., 543 Clay St.
WANTED — Operators on flannel overshlrts; a
few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS _ CO.. 36ft Fremont st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns. 26c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Butcher for restaurant, $40 to $45;
boarding house cook, $30; hotel and restaur-
ant waiters. $25. **). *SZ 60 month and SIO
week; vegetable men, porters, dishwashers
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2 lroners, $30 and found; man and
wife, private family, $50; 6 gravel miners,
$40 and board; 10 laborers for sawmill, $30
and found; 3 grape pickers, $1 day and board;
$20 laborers, $1 day and board and $1 75 day;
2 stonemasons, $3 to $3 50 day; farmers, $20;
poultry raiser and milker, $25; choreman,
$10; strong boy for wholesale store; black-
smith and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETI
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
GERMAN cook, plain hotel. $40 and found;
chief cook, country hotel, $50 and found;
waiters, city and country hotels, $25 and
found; arm waiter, plain country hotel, $30
and found. MURRAY _ READY, 634 and 63«
Clay st.
BEAN PULLERB
For a large bean ranch, 10 men or strong
boys, no experience necessary to pull beans,
$26 and found; milker. $25 and found; hay
balers, 17c per ton; ranch teamsters; farm
hands; choremen, etc. MURRAY _ READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Crosscut sawyer, $30 and found; 50
laborers for railroad work, $1 75 a day; 20
teamsters, same work, »20 and found; labor-
ers for the mines, $1 60 to $2 50 a day; drilW-<,
$2 50 a day: muckers, $1 75 a. day; laborers
and teamsters, city and country work; wood-
choppers, tiemakers; men to make posts.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
READ the San Francisco Dally Evening Re-
port for the Employment Agents' afternoon
advertisements. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Farmer and wife, $40 and found.
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
GANG of laborers and teamsters for the Coast
road Free fare
25 2 and 4 horse teamsters and 25 laborers
for the new mountain railroad... '
10 2-horse teamsters, $25 and board.. free fare
6 swampers, $35 and board; 10 laborers, sama
place, $26 and board :...
10 mill hands, sawmill, north, $26 and board,
see boss here
5 tunnelmen. near city, $2 50 a day
7 drillers for quarry work, $1 25 and board..
S laborers for a salt works, near city, $1 25 a
day and board
3 coopers, piece work, see boss here
4 furnace men for a mine, $2 a day
10 laborers for a mine, no experience re- '
quired, steady work, $1 60 to $2 50 a day
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
HARNESS maker for a railroad camp, $1 25 a
day and board. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
COOK, country hotel. $70; baker, same place,
$36; baker, hotel, north, $40; French broiler.
$60; assistant cook, hotel, who can open oys-
ters, $35; third cook, miners' hotel, $80; waiter
for a mine, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
TO go to-day; 10 laborers. $26 and 10 woods-
men, $26. $30 and $35, ranch teamsters. $26;
woodchoppers first-class conditions; axmet. I
to make laggings; shovelers and teamsters;
city camp blacksmith, $30; coopers, cooks,
■waiters, dishwashers. R. T. WARD & CO..
608-610 Clay St.
WAITER, country, $25. MISS CULLEN. 32a
Sutter st. .
AN under groom, country; second gardener,
same house. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
TO go to-day — 400 men's second handed shoes,
some nearly new, 25c to $1. 562 Mission St.,
between First and Second sts.
WANTED— Night cashier; must understand
keeping books. Bay State Restaurant, 15
Stockton St.; apply bet 11 and 12.
WANTED— A handy man In furniture store;
only an experienced man need apply. 566
Mission st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel, Jessie 1104.
TAILORS wanted for seat room. 803 Mont-
gomery st., third floor; convenient.
WANTED— Cook for boarding school, $50. AN-
DRE'S, 316 Stockton st. '
WANTED— Boy about 15 In plumbing shop. 807
Valencia st.
FIRST-CLASS bootblack wanted. 204 O'Far-
rell st. _
TAILORS wanted for seat room. 185 Jessi*
street. _____
WANTED— Third hand on bread, $30 ana
found. 215 Second st.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 1390 Turk st.
WANTED— Lunch waiter. 210 First st.
PAINTER at 59 Eighth st. at 7:30 a. m.
YOUNG man painter for stage work. Call T
to 8. 1757 Howard st. | \^ f
WANTED— A cook. 626 Sacramento st.
WANTED— A man for nursery and garden Job-
bing; wages $15 and found. Call 500 Halght.
TAILOR wanted at 428 Ninth St., Oakland, or
303 Grant aye., city; steady work.HELP ANTED— Continued.
WANTED—A farm. hand;. one who can milk
1206 Market st. , ; ™*
TWO c '°* hin * BaleBlne , n wanted In San Fran-
cisco and one in each county In every State
to take orders for.our $5 to $10 made^-measl.
ure suits and overcoats.. Live men without
experience can ma $150 per month If you
can furnish satisfactory reference we will
furnish a complete sample line and outfit
and start you at work at once For parti
lar,, address AMERICAN WOOLEN MILLS
CO.. Enterprise building, Chicago. JllLlLlt>
B corr S s W tw^ f & he UniTed States ma-
rt ' .rr^'i ' nlte £ States navy; able-bodied,
«r« r £™ men. between the ages of 21 and
33 years who. are citizens of the United
f^lr Intention^ who have legally declared
1 > intention to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
rl.r 1 . and write English, and be between 5
f inches and 6 feet in height. For further
rmatlon apply at the recruiting office. 20 ,
l.ais st.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Competent ' man accustomed to j
keeping cost accounts In a manufacturing I
c-incern; state experience, references and
yages expected. Address R. X., box 1277,
all office. . _..-.-
COMPETENT man accustomed to keeping cost
accounts in manufacturing concern: state ex-
perience, references and wages expected. Ap-
Ply R. X., box" 1277. Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
rung Denver House 217 Third st : l»0 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
2 GREEN hands for a ship. HERMAN'S, 26
Steuart st. ......
WANTED— Jack Melvln. at the Woodland
Steam Laundry. Woodland. <'»'■ . *«,
MEN to learn barber trade: easy terms;- or :
trade guaranteed for $:" i:-*2 Market st ■
-BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employment Office. 8.
FUCHS, Sec. "2. . Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.- j
MEN and women tolearn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. 135H Eighth st.
MEN'S fine calf shoei to order, $2 60; men's
* coiing. 3Sc; only one price. 523 Howard st.
jr 7 HEINZ, 630 Market st., official employ-
ment, secretary of Barbers' Protective . Union.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st, below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night fsl a week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe HERMAN'S, 28 Steuart.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Km Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st.
SINGI room?. 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St., near
Market: 290 rooms, 25c night;-. reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the' ferry.
3?? HAVES Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions nnd ads taken.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted in country hotel, county
sfat: first-class commercial table: no furni-
ture to buy: half stock, about $500; will bear
the closest Investigation. Box 1252, Call.
FURNITURE! WANTED.
CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer- j
chandise; sold on commission; reasonable. E.
COHN. auctioneer, 480 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
H. BAUM buys furniture and general me^
chnndlse. 1057 Market nt: tel. Jessie 32.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
TWO young couples and little girl, room and
board In strictly private Jewish family; cen-
tral location: reasonable terms. Address box
657. Call office. . -; •
WANTED — Furnished room for single, man In
quiet private house. O. 8.. box 642. Call.
• HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Furnished or unfurnished .modern
flat of about 7 rooms In Western Addition;
state price and location. Box 1291. Call.
ROOMS WANTED.
TWO furnished housekeeping rooms; centrally
located; state price. Address box 9SO. Call.
THREE or four office rooms; ground- floor; any'
busy part of city. • Box 1284, Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — Covered wagonette or other vehicle
that will carry 4 to 6 people. Answer, stating
price and where can be seen. Box 1286, Call.
SLOOP to carry 10 to 15 tons freight; good
order; state price. Address 29 East st.
CLOTHING, brlc-a-brac, books, periodicals
bought Send for KLEIN. 109 .Sixth, st:
PHOTOGRAPHIC and m.uic b»r.tern r appa-
ratus second-hand. 109 Montgomery; st
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for S3
cash and ?6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
Fame as if purchased tor all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
' ets., San FranclGco. and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. ,
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house j
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S, ,
i e ,, 28 and 80 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and
all other musical ' Instruments of aW grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every- j
thing possible done to please and satisfy the i
■ customer.
HA ROMAN agency, fine display, new styles;
our bargain room contains several elegant
pianos at sacrifice prices, from $25 upward.
THE J. DEWING CO.. 2nd floor. Flood bid*.
CALLENBERG & VAUPEL. $75; Marshall &
Wendell. $150: Sterling, $185: Vose, $195; easy
payments: guaranteed. BENJ. CURTA2 &
SON, Chlckerlng Agents. 16-20 O'Farrell st.
FOR the next 30 days pianos will be sold for
cash at almost cost price by THE . ZENO
MAUVAIS -MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st ; they
are making room for fresh stock. .
6OHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Brings and other pianos; ccc our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post st.
$75 — GREAT bargain; nice upright. SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister st, next Hlbernla Bank. -.
IT costs you $0.5 to see the pianos we rent for
$3 per mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 569 aye
A MAGNIFICENT pedal Htelnway, nearly
new, $150. KEEFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
A— s6o; UPRIGHT; $5 installments; other cheap
' pianos. 216 McAllister st. -
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post St.
"AD" smallest; price lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents. s2 up. HEINE. 138 Ellis st
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place. ,
| SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies/ 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for ma" n*.
HORSES. '
LARGE assortment of work, draught- anil
driving horses, cheap. 145 Valencia st. ,
CO HORPEB of every description at Emporium
Bales Yards. 220 Valencia st. between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own price; come and
make an offer.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
oay. HTTLLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS- AND CARRIAGES. "'
SPECIAL skis of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 2u i, kln. opp. City Hall.
_ Ow _^__^ I 5;^ IyEs1 yEs : _
HANSONS and Fulions"; the wheels to ride;
■ Fauber hangers and uprockets; ' brand new
tandems and singles rented: sundries and re-
- pairing. r 1 GEO.. E. DIXON, Manager. 642
' Golden Gate aye., near Franklin.- ■
I WILL sell ; IS new _ 1897 : high-grade bicycles
(Bold In 1897 for $100) at $29; biggest bargain
of the year: first come, first served. JOSEPH
•• HOLLE. Twentieth and F.lsom ate.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
■ ... . .".. . -■ - -./-»— ..,....—-■..- . .„ , w. ,-,:,■.,-,_
L. 8. CLARK— Spreckels bldg.;<927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W
W. DAVIDSON. ?27 Market it. ccc " , >v -
TO LEASE. ™~~
HALL to let, 45x70; well furnished; good- piano-
ladles' parlor, etc. ; third Tuesday, second and"
fourth Thursday, Saturday and Sunday even-
ing; reasonable prices. GOT Sutter st cor
Powell. . • . • '
STORAGE. ~~— — ~
PXSRCB-RUDOLra Btoraffe tad afortnf Oe.,
- office Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, trunks. '■ etc. ; Golden West' Stor-
' age. Warehouse, 840 Mission st. ; tel. Mint 1821,
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s4ooo; PARTNER In hotel ..with grillroom ;
150 rooms; long lease; $2000 or $2500 cash, bal-
ance on time; a first-class, paying place;
owner muet have industrious man for as-
sistant. Call on WILKE. 783H Market st.
A— SI2OO— CORNER saloon In wholsale district;
rent $30; lease; no night or Sunday work; ex-
cellent paying; -first-class custom. WILKE,
783 M, Market st - ■ - ■
$400— PARTNERSHIP In old established com-
mission business for sale; clears from $200 to
»300 per month; sickness - compels partner to
retire. Particulars WILKE. fay, Market st
A-SBOO— CORNER grocery 'and bar with four
fine living rooms; rent $20; choicest location;
I first-class paying; owner bought. hotel In San
Jose, and must sacrifice; a bargain. Call
WILKE, 753V4 Market st.
I A— s4oo; CORNER saloon, with club room; rent
; • $30; best location; surrounded by planing
' mills and factories; a splendid offer. Call
WILKE, 783H Market st.
A— $1100; CORNER drug store; well located
down town; ■ north of Market; handsomely
fitted up; $2000 stock; receipts $15 dally; de-
parture cause of sale. KREDO & CO., 22V4
Geary. St. . • .; .
$1700— ROADHOUSE near city; 21 elegantly fur-
nished rooms; 40 acres highly Improved; re-
ceipts $1000 to $1500 monthly. KREDO & Co.,
22 Geary st. ■ ..•.•» ■ ■■
$700— SALOON; 1 block from Palace Hotel; do-
Ing good business; handsome fittings; club-
rooms; bargain. JONES & SEARLL. 865
Market at. ■ : ; .
LIST YOUR STORE
OR BUSINESS PLACE WITH MB .....
I CAN SELL FOR CASH
HAVE BUYERS WAITING
. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp Fifth. ,
FIRST-CLASS saloon for sale at a bargain;
good location for man and wife; must be sold.
F. C. HYDE & CO., 1206 Market st,
PARTNER— SmaII capital in a small manu-
facturinjf business; the only one on the coast;
does a good business with 200 customers and
also a share In a market. For particulars
apply 480 Seventh street. Oakland.
PARTNER with $1200 for old established busi-
ness; money maker for right man. Address
box 621, Call office.
BRANCH bakery, candy and notions; 2
living rooms; owner retiring; 1 rent $14. 806*
Filbert st.
$4000— A RARE opportunity of obtaining an es-
tablished, paying retail notion and stationery
business, which must be sold, as owners have
been appointed Western agents for Egry
Autographic Registers. ■ Apply PERNAU
BROS.. 543 Clay St.. San Francisco.
$650— BARGAIN; grocery store, 18 years' stand-
ing; fine business corner; must be sold at
once; no agents or dealers. PHILBRICK,
Twenty-second and Shotwell sts.
BARBERS Investigate; good • 15c shop; two
chairs, clearing $90 per month; lease; good
cigar trade; no reasonable offer refused. 841
Telegraph aye., Oakland.
DELICATESSEN, bakery and grocery business;
corner; good neighborhood; sunny living
rooms; rent reasonable. Box 1279. Call office.
RARE opening In daily newspaper field to man
of means; principals only. P. O. box 214,
San Joe*. Cal.
BAKERY and delicacy store, with furniture
for 3 rooms, cheap. 706 Larkln st.
ONE-HALF or whole interest In saloon on city
front. 26 East st., near Clay. ' ;
$2000— OLD-ESTABLISHED, well-paying corner
grocery and bar; fine stock and flrst-class fix-
• ture*; good outside trade; slckne.ss of owner
cause of sale. Box 1698. Call office.
MAN with $2:0 wanted in enterprising busi-
ness; large profits; stock given as security or
Interest in business and vice-presidency; sal-
ary. Call room 20, 12 Telegraph aye., Oaklnd.
$1400 WILL buy hotel, 26 rooms, hard finished
and furnished nearly building cost $4000; I
-large lot. Call at 13 m.. 256 Third st. i
FOR — Cheap; steam cleaning and dyeing ]
works; well established business; good loca-
tion. 20 Locust St., Santa Cruz, Cal.
— COR. grocery & bar In Mission; owner
there 7 years. Address Grocery, 868 Folsom.
FRUIT store for sale. ISO Eighth st.
GOOD barber shop for sale cheap; account
sickness. Box 1275, Call office.
MARKET on Mission st. ; established by pres-
ent owner over 10 year?. Box 1274, Call office.
GOOD and well established beer bottling busi-
ness; close to San Francisco. Box 1249, Call.
WANTED To buy a country saloon: not above
$400; no agents. Box 938, Call office.
GOOD ba"kery: only store trade; cash business;
good location; fine chance for baker. Apply
Call office. ; ■
I FIRST-CLASS saloon. Inquire Wieland Brew-,
cry, Second st. near Folßonx.
$800 — BOARDING-HOUSE with 11 furnished
rooms; 21 regular boarders; trial before buy-
' ing.' Address M. J.. box 4, Call office, Oakland.
GAS -fixtures very low; large • as»ortm«nt: I
■'- »nd 'i "bowl barber washstands,' cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. •
FOR sale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply- at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GBO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'fl. 415 Sacramento »t.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
26-ROOM house; clears $200; only $400
65 rooms; for exchange 2500
2S-room corner; price In office
18-room house on Sixth st 500
25 rooms; sunny corner 1100
15-room house; clears $100 600
I 21-room house; central; clears $150 550
82-room house; best In the city 1000
12-room house; worth $800 300
j 60-room house; worth $8000 2000
15-room house; on Sutter st : 450 I
24-room house; clears $150 1400 j
20-room house; worth $1000 400 j
60 other houses, from 3 to 200 rooms. All prices
. Money to loan on any house
"H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A— ROOMS; north of Market st; fine.... 53200
14 rooms; near Call building; new '.. 525
31 rooms; transient; Market st 850
20 rooms; select: transient; corner 650
' 86 rooms; elegant; furnished h0te1......... 1800
18 rooms; rent $60 450
22 rooms; north Market; clears $125 1150 I
13 rooms; all new furniture 675
IF YOU WILL CALL ON US..
WE WILL SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION,
PRICE AND SIZE OF HOUSE
F. C. HYDE & CO., 1206 Market st.
KREDO & CO 22H GEARY ST.
Money advanced on all houses.
6 rooms; elegantly furnished; Taylor 5t.. .5650;
7 rooms;. Turk st. ; all rented 275
. 9 rooms; O'Farrell St.; a give-away 200 i
10 rooms; new and elegant: Powell st 500 I
12 rooms; Ellis St.; clears $40.... 500
16 rooms; Third st.; rent only $30..... 275
$1000—38 ROOMS: bay-window corner; centrally
located; clears $75 to $150 per month; $4. cash,
- balance time. KREDO & CO., 22V4 Geary et.
WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st.
16 rooms; Post st.; fine $750
18 rooms; Geary st. ; offices 750
18 rooms; near Call; only 600
20 rooms; rent $2*: a bargain 375
31 rooms; furniture A No. 1 1250
40 -rooms; rent $64; must sell. 650
60 rooms; rent $76: corner 800 J
120 rooms; cheap rent / 2600 ;
$260-12- ROOM house; worth $500: north of Mar-
•ketst; must sell. BASILE, 878% Marks' Dt.
MASON, 223— 9-room lodging house, all filled,
' $350; bargain,' account sickness. Call 2 p. m.
$200—16 ROOMS; good-paying house. 129 Third
street. . . . .
EDDY. 522— it to-day; forced sale; snap;
■ $100 cash; balance time.
$475 — GOOD paying 16-room house;' a bargain;
good reason for selling. 127 Turk st. •
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FOR sale cheap; 2 Edison bl-polar dynamos,
■ 640 lamps, with switchboard and. apparatus
complete; 1 Otis hydraulic elevator: 1 50
horse-power Mclntosh & Seymour engine; 2
60 horse-power Babcock & Wllcox boilers; all
•"in first-class, condition. Apply to Pacific
Telephone and Telegraph Company, 216 Bush.
HIGHLY bred bull pups for $10 and $5; worth
$50; dam and sire most celebrated fighter.
in America; pups game and handsome. 112b
Mission st. ■ ■ ■ .■ %
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
SHOE shop for sale. 316 Gough st.
TAILOR'S table for sale. Apply 7 Kappeler
court, off Mason St., near Post...
BARS, .back. bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
of flee furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. -J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st, above Sixth.
VIOLINISTS— Rare old master Solo violin.
1122 Hyde str.; evenings and Sundays. '
NEW handsome 16-foot quartered oak bar and
back bar; bargain. 618 Bush st.
COW . in calf for Bale. 1871 Sanchez st., near
Thirtieth. . ' ~
GOOD bull watch: dog; reasonable.- 233 Lee
aye., near Inglealde. .' - ■ -.:.■-.,-.
2 6 and' 10 stamp- quartz mills cheap; easy
• terms. ■ Assay office, 10 Stevenson st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Herman Safe Mafc, 532 Sacramento.
SECOND-HAND belting/ pulleys, shafting, en-
jrlneß, ■ boilers, dynamos, etc. 516 Mission st. ■■-
PHONOGRAPHS, -$20; : records, " $5 - per dosen;
projectoßCope, $100. Bacigalupl. 938-952 Market
j 7; POOL," house mover." dealer : second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
CHEAPEST and best In America—The ! Weekly
Call. Sent to '* any ' address In - the . United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year. v.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— 2 ELEGANT 8-room houses reduced from |
$45 to $30 and $35. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market. I
BAY-WINDOW house of 4 rooms; 212 Perry St.,
near Fourth; rent $12 50; water free. Apply
to G. H. UMBBEN & CO. r -  ■
BRODERICK, 1515," near Sutter— rooms, bath,
basement, laundry; sun In every room; yard;
water; $22. ■ -. -— . ■; . . ■:
ELEGANT house, large basement ; front and i
rear garden; rent reduced from $50 to $35. 818
McAllister Bt. .
_ 1 —
MARY, 20, near Fifth— rooms; double parlors;
$22 80. ■ • ■•■••- f
MODERN house; 1231 Jackson St., near Leav-
enworth; 9 rooms and bath; rent $40.
TO LET— House of 7 rooms and bath; large
yard, garden and fine marine view; rent rea-
sonable to a good tenant. Apply 1210 Jackson.
WE can rent you a house with or . without a
flagpole. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery Bt. ■ ■
8 LODGE rooms furnished, 927 Mission; 10-
room house, 2417 Sutter; 6-room cottage, 2405
Sutter. Apply L. ALT3CHUL. 320 Clay st.
$8— 917H TREAT aye.— 6 sunny rooms; large
yard.
SELINA place, 4. off north side California
(it., east of Stockton; 4 rooms and cellar; -key
at No. 8. Apply to GEORGE H. BUCKING-
HAM, 418 Montgomery st,
HOUSE of 6 rooms; grand* view of bay. 3
Lawrence place, off Fremont, near Harrison.
FURNISHED HOUSES. .
TAYLOR, SI I— Beautiful furnished flat, 4 rooms;
bath, piano; sunny. ; i
4 ROOMS and bath; nicely furnished. 5 Birch
aye., off Larkln st. opposite City Hall. :
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 . rooms. 1 Adelaide place, off
Taylor St.. between Post and Geary; rent $12.
GEARY, 2253— Fine cottage, 6 rooms and bath;
cellar; mirror-top mantels; $18.
LOMBARD, 1217, near Larkln— B rooms; bath;
wash tubs; basement; garden; sunny, yard;
fine marine view; rent $17.
WE have 6 lovely 6 and 6 room modern cot-
tages; $12 to $15, at SPECK & CO.'S, 602
Market st.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms, 823 Langton St., near
corner Seventh and Bryant.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms; water
free. 113 Collins St., near Geary. ■ -■■ .
FLATS TO LET.
AN elegant Bunny flat; all modern Improve-
ments. . 409 Devlsadero St.; rent $25.
CHATTANOOGA, 211— Dower flat, containing 5
rooms, bath; patent closet; stationary wash-
tub; large chicken yard: all In good order;
rent $8, water free. Apply on premises or to
MADISON & BURKE. '
CLAYTON, 872, south of Frederick— Sunny
modern flat of 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
DUPONT, 1903, near Chestnut— flat, con-
taining 3 rooms; newly papered; rent $7; key
at corner * store. Apply to MADISON &
BURKE.
ELEGANT flat; 7 rooms and bath; all sunny;
fine location and view. 466 Page st.
FLAT, 6 rooms and bath, $18; cor. Halght and
Lyons st. ; also furnished sunny front room, $6.
FULTON, 118— Fine sunny middle flat: 7 rooms,
bath; water free; near City Hall; $28.
FULTOW, 222%, near Van NeBS aye.— sunny
rooms; bath.
HARRISON, 2041. opp. Eighteenth— 2 nice sunny
flats, 8 and 4 rooms, $9 and $10.
LOWER flat, 8 rooms; upper flat, 4 rooms and
bath; rear house, 4 rooms. 1310 Larkln Bt.
LYON. 411. near Hayes— Excellent for the
money; 5 rooms; bath; laundry; $14.
LYON, 617, near McAllister— New sunny flat
I rooms and bath. ■ ,
MIDDLE flat; 6 nice rooms; bath; water free:
rent $20 month. 609 Fulton st.
MINNA, 904, near Tenth— of 4 rooms and
bath. - v ■■:-'-
MOSS, 80H. bet. Sixth and Seventh, off How-
ard—Lower bay-window flat of 8 large rooms;
yard; basement. ' ■
NEAR City Hall; 2 elegant flats, 6 rooms and
bath. 12 and 716 Grove st.
NEARLY new flat. 1216 Jackson st, near Jones,
6 rooms and bath; rent $25.
SEVENTH, Beautiful flat of 7 rooms; rent
low to good tenant.
SHIPLEY, 287, near Sixth— Flat 5 rooms and
bath; $14. - ' .
BUNNY corner bay-window flat; T rooms, bath;
cheap. . NE. corner Dolores and 15th sts.
TURK,: £20B — flat of 4 rooms; large base-
ment; $12; no children. . ; •
UPPER sunny flat, 6 rooms; modern large
basement and yard. 2721 Mission st - i :
VALENCIA, 147«*— well furnished front
rooms for housekeeping; rent $10; with bath.
WANTED— for elegant new flats now
ready; 5 to 7 rooms; rent reasonable to good
' tenant*. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 602
Market Bt. ; -_
WE . can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery at.
8-ROOM flat. Inquire at 352 McAllister st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BARTLETT, Sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; also single.
BUCHANAN. 602, corner Bay-window
suite of 2 or 3 sunny rooms; gas or wood.
CALIFORNIA, 1255— Three unfurnished rooms;
light; very desirable.
CAPP, 708 — 3 sunny rooms; clean and neatly
" furnished for housekeeping; refs. exchanged.
FIFTH, 348 — Rooms suited for housekeeping;
rent cheap.
FIFTH, 348— Suite of rooms furnished for house-
keeping; rent cheap. • .
FOLSOM, — Sunny housekeeping room; also
a single room; connecting bath; cheap.
FOLSOM, Housekeeping rooms to let; dou-
• ble or single; rent reasonable. ■
FOLSOM, 974 Sunny housekeeping rooms, dou-
ble and single; all conveniences; $1 up;
changed hands. - . ' ■_
GEARY, 1812 — comfortably furnished rooms;
rent $14; modern. ■• . ■
HARRISON, Front and back parlors, fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; large yard; j
rent $13. '
HOWARD, 525— Pleasant sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping, $6 and $8.
HOWARD, 649 — 2 furnished housekeeping
rooms, with bath, in quiet family. ,) . . .
HOWARD, 704, corner Third— furnished
sunny rooms; also nousekpg; cheap; transient.
HOWARD, 827 A (Hanover House— nicely
furnished sunny housekeeping rooms; $2 25
per week.
HOWARD, 1068— newly furnished sunny par-
lor suite, hkpg, $12; others, $8; single, $4 mo.
JESSIE, 373, near Fifth and Market— 2 sunny
housekeeping rooms; only $9. *
JESSIE. 439, between Fifth and Sixth— sunny
connecting rooms, I furnished complete for
housekeeping, $3 per week.
LARKIN, 1303, ' near Pine— Sunny unfurnished i
front room and kitchen. $8; no children:
LEAVEN WORTH, 1222— F100r of three house-
keeplng rooms; gas; bath ; unfurnished, . $12;
. furnished ' $14.
MCALLISTER, 538—2 or 3 elegantly furnished
sunny front rooms; sink; range; every con-
venience. j';-;  . _
MINNA, 546— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
. ing. •£. •-, . - .:- . ■■■ ■ . - 1 ■■ . .
MISSION, 661, near Second— connecting front
room and kitchen, complete for housekpg, $12.
MISSION. 923V4— Completely furnished sunny
.housekeeping rooms;, regular kitchen. .
MISSION, 1241—2 furnished rooms; running
■ water; light housekeeping; sunny; garden;
reasonable. ,■ • .
NATOMA, 527—4 rooms, first floor, ' furnished
or unfurnished;. large yard; running water.
OCTAVIA, j 1403, corner jjj Geary— front
room, mantel, kitchen,' gas stove; $13. ;.
SCOTT, . 1614— First floor of 3 unfurnished
. rooms; bath; garden; $16; adults only.
THE Piedmont, 119 A Sixth Bt.— 2 or 3 rooms,
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
THIRD, : 129— Furnished housekeeping and : sin-
• gle rooms; newly papered. , v .;.
THIRD. ■' 263— Sunny, front rooms ; furnished for
? housekeeping; . single, $1 week. -V ,= : < v -\
TWELFTH, Runny .furnished rooms com-
■ . plete for housekeeping. - ,; : - ,: \ '. •/■..;• .;=,
TWENTY-SECOND, 3337—3 furnished house-
, keeping rooms;; rent $15 a month. .;•.:;
TWENTY-SECOND, 3430, near Fair Oaks—
, Sunny upper flat, 5 rms. ; bath, basement; $16.'
VALENCIA, 1154/ near 22d— Large sunny front
' g alcove room ' and : separate - kitchen; also con-
,; necting rooms; bath, closets and sinks. v s :.-■;■'
VAN NESS AYE., i Front suite; • 3 sunny
- rooms : ; kitchen; gas ; < range. -• / . ; ■-■» ; ; : ,- v % •■:■.,
$10, 427 STEVENSON,"' near Fifth: $9. 1381 Min-
na, near Fifteenth. ■» Owner at 705 Oak st.Ti^r
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING; ROOMS.
WINDSOR Hotel—  without board; ao-
commodatlons for cooking. 9th * Washington,
ROOMS '-'O LET.
A— 734 PINE— Nicely furnished sunny front
room; gas; $6 month; gent only.
A— STOCKTON, 842 — First-class sunny front
rooms; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 52 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; wk, $1 to $2 60; day 26c to SOo.
AT 416 O'Farrell— Sunny rooms; suites; single;
by day, week or mo. ; bath*, running water.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post. 2 blocks from Palace
Hotel; elegantly furnished rooms; families
and gentlemen; all conveniences.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Maaon— Bunny
suites and single rooms: prices reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Pleasant front room; also others;
$6 up; sunny housekeeping suites cheap.
EDDY 318— Newly furnished sunny suite, and
single roome; private family; quiet.
EDDY, 614— Nicely furnished rooms to let; new
and clean.
EIGHTEENTH, 4133—2 furnished rooms; suit-
able for man and wife or 2 gentlemen; cheap;
private family.^
ELLIS, 635— Large sunny furnished room; use
of bath; rent reasonable.
FOLSOM, 868— Large sunny bedroom adjoining
oozy kitchen; yard; complete housekeeping.
FOLSOM, 1408, near Tenth— Sunny suite of.
single rooms; nicely furnished.
GEARY, 406 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY 478— Furnished room suitable for 2
gentlemen; price $10; also single^rooms.
GEARY. 623 (The St. John)— Large sunny front
rooms, single or en suite; board optional; ref.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 260 to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1000, corner Laguna—
Well furnished, large single sunny front
room, $8; private; only man and wife.
GRAND SOUTHERN, BE. cor. .Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 SO to $6 per week.
HARRISON. 784 H. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; also housekeeping rooms,
$1 week. _^_
HOTEL VANCOUVER, 1001 Sutter— Elegantly
furnished suites and single rooms; moderate.
HOWARD, 674—6 rooms; bath; newly papered;
cheap rent; $20. ■ BALDWIN & HO WELL.
10 Montgomery st.
HYDE, 232 — Newly furnished front sunny
rooms from $6 per month up; all conveniences.
JESSIE, 164, corner Annie— Sunny rooms; single
$1; double $160 week; also housekeeping.
LARKIN, 408— Neat sunny parlors, together or
single; also single.
MANSFIELD— 212 Post— Elegant sunny rooms,
suite or single; baths connecting; moderate
rates.
MASON, 11— Sunny room nicely furnished, $4
per month.
MASON. 225— A sunny bay-window room, nice-
ly furnished, $150 up; day, week or montb.^
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 2533— Sunny furnished room for gen-
tleman, $4 per month.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator: electrio lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 271— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas: rent reasonable.
PINE, 910— Nicely furnished rooms to let.
POST, 622— Changed hands, renovated; newly
and elegantly furnished; single or en suite.
MRS. J. A. CALHOUN, formerly of Waldorf.
POWELL 207— Furnished sunny rooms; single
or en suite; $1 50 upward; running water: gas.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SEVENTH, 192, near Howard (Qlrard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SYCAMORE aye., 12, off Valencia, between
Seventeenth and Eighteenth— A nicely fur-
nished room In private family, $5.
TREMONT House, 1773 Market st.. opp. Oough
—House newly furnished; single rooms or
suits; two kitchens for tenants for light
housekeeping: rooms from $5 to $IJ.
ROOMS AND BOAA1).
ABBOTSFORD, The—
Broadway and Polk sts.: quiet, homelike;
terms moderate; board opt'nal; all cars direct.
AHLBORN House. *l»-ttl-»2S Grant ava. —
Rooms 60c up; board" and room, $1 per day and
upward; free bus to and from hotel.
BOARD and room, one or two gentlemen; pri-
vate family; modern conveniences; one block
to car; convenient to Golden Gate Park; $25
and $45. 2006 Golden Gate aye.
BRANNAN, 444-6 (New Mechanics' Hotel)—
Board and room $4 50 per week; single rooms
$1 per week.
EDDY, 602 — Nicely furnished, large rooms,
with good board, $20 up; gentlemen preferred.
FOLSs)M. 611— 8wedlsh private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week: nlc« location.
GEARY. 227— First-class board; home cooking;
special rates to students, clerks; dinner, 25c.
GEARY, 483— Furnished rooms with board In
private family; home comforts; terms reason-
able.
HOTEL SALISBURY, 299 Hyde— Well furnished
rooms: beautiful grounds; table unsurpassed.
MCALLISTER. 690— Newly furnished rooms
with or without board: reasonable prices.
MISSION, 942— Sunny front room for gent, with
board and bath, $18 per month; private fam.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant home for gent;
board; hot and cold water; $20; other rooms.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished sunny
Market st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS aye., 619— Sunny furnished suites
•nd slnule rooms: first-plnss table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
LADY wishes the care of child; good home;
best of references. Inquire at Call Office for
address.
NICE school girl can find good home; more
for company; terms $8 month. Box 1261, Call.
WANTED — Two children to board; good home.
Apply at 1113 Clay st.
CHILDREN boarded; mother's care. 131 Do-
lores st.
STORES TO LET.
STORE to let; City Hall square, 7, corner Mar-
ket St.: suitable for any business; rent low.
EDDY. 329— Large basement suitable plumber
or painter; rent $12. INGLE. Carpenter.
TURK, 1203— Store, with 4 living rooms and
yard; cheap: altered to suit.
DENTISTS.
DON'T wear a rubber plate when you can get
a metal plate for the same price; our com-
bination metal plate, thin as paper and so I
llpht it floats. Full eet of teeth, $5; crowns
$3 50 up; gold fillings, $1 up; silver. 50c up;
bridge work a specialty : written guarantee
for 10 years given on all work; we employ
none but experienced dentists to do your
work; no charge for extraction when plates
are ordered; examination and consultation
free. DRS. PERRY & CHRISTIE. 8 Mason
Et., corner Market; phone. South 781.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guarnnteed 10 years-
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. P0o; crowns, j:i 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
CROOME Dental Parlors. 759 Market St., be-
tween Third and Fourth— Painless filling, ex-
tracting, crnwnlng and bridging by ait of
electricity; plates, $5 up ;(illlng, 50c up; crowns
and bridges, $5 up; extracting, with gas, $1.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of painless extraction and pat- I
enteo of Improved bridge work or teeth with-
out piate, removed frqm 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
897 Market St.. corner Sixth.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION? BRIDGE WORK—
New York methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. 969 Mission st., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gaa given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. cT
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
ALL work reasonable and warranted! DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call. I
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
PROPOSALS.
U~S~ENGINEER'i Office, BurkT^bundlnßT
Seattle, Wash., Sept. IS, 189S.— Sealed pro-
posals for furnishing Portland cement will be
received here until 2 p. m.. October 13, 1898, |
and then publicly opened. Information fur- i
nlnhert on application. HARRY TAYLOR, i
Captain Knu'iTi^ers. j
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, offl^e~and~7wldence7 '<
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
PERSONALS.
MARK NEUMAYER— Please~^rrlU~to~your
■■ mother. l I ■ will be very grateful to any one
.' sending my . son's : address. MRS. L. NEU-
' MAYER, , New Whatcom,. Wash. /•:-*:
FOR novelties In fur capes see the stock :of
WILLIAM A. KING, the American furrier,
128 Kearny st. -■' .-> .■.'-.- ; ' .. ■'. ■
LEDERER'S Qulnonia will Improve your hair
wonderfully. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
LEDERER'S hairdressers are famous for the
exquisite manner in which '• they dress the
hair; > 250 only; hair > restored to its . natural
' color, $1 50 up; good switches, $1: finest. $3 50;
extra, $5; open Sunday, 9 to 12: G. LEDERER,
111 Stockton st. ..■:;.•.- ■■■.\-'. 1 -- i ' - . .
THE Magic Hand, Loom mends all fabrics; per-
fect weaver: 25c. ' GREATER WEST ADVER-
TISING AND NOVELTY CO.. 11CEV4 Wash-
ington st., . Oakland, Cal. ': -
PHYSICIAN, ladles' specialist/ will answer by
sealed mail any medical questions; send 25c
- and stamp. P. O. box 573, Oakland, Cal.
TWO young ladles can procure good positions
to Introduce Egry . Autographic Sales Regis-
ters among down town merchants. PERNAU
BROS., Agents, 643 Clay st. *
ELECTRIC lights in every * room; Winchester
House. 44 Third st., near Market; 200 rooms,
250 to $160 per night:. $160 to $6 per week;
• ..• free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ;
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices,
. $1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement: diseases :of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1418 Bth st.,vAlameda.
SUITS to f order on ." easy *. installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Bth.
MA MI YAK AW A, Japanese contractor and
labor agent. 410 Kearny st.: tel. Green 19. i
DRESSMAKERS.
' MISS OILLIGAN. dressmaking and cloak-
making school. ! . 223 Grant uve. , <
SAN FRANCISCO- Ladles' French Tailoring
College, -816' Market st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses. $5
up: dresses made over. 8 Eddy St.. rm. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. 'F. CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium; while en-
tranced she will reveal every hidden mystery
In life: she will .show you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost affections; ] unites the separated, recov-
ers lost, stolen or buried property ;■ locates
treasures, minerals; "tells- your entire life,
while In a perfect trance: perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for cir-
cular with special terms. MRS. DR. F.
CLARK, rms 25 & 26, 1206 Market, opp. 6th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease: full life reading; la.
60c; gents $1: palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. MOREAU, the- best medium and card
reader;. 2sc up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
, advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
| MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS?^X~jT~WHITNEY, tra^cTTMT^edlumT
life reader and , medical clairvoyant; private
and chronic diseases cured with revealed
■ remedies; cancers removed without pain; let-
ters promptly answered; send stamp for re-
ply; sittings, $1; diagnosis free. 232 Stockton.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st. ; read-
Ings, $1; clr. Tubs., Fri., 2 p. m. ; Mon., 8; 25c.
j MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia st. ; read-
| ings, $1; clr. Tues., Fri., 2p. m. ; Mon., 8; 25c.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 212% Sixth st. >
I M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing mo-
| dlum. 118 Halght st.
HYPNOTISM
S. F. College Therapeutics, 306 Larkln St.,
open day and eve. for patients and pupils;
specially ■ interesting meeting Tuesday even-
Ing. September 20. Seats free.
MEDICAL.
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
.. Instantly (no matter from what cause); safe
and sure at any time; my celebrated reme-
dies and treatment have never been known to
fall; travelers helped without delay; home In
confinement; skillful medical attention; all
those who are sick and discouraged consult
the doctor free and confidential: strong pills,
$1; guaranteed cure, $5. MRS. DR. WYETH,
208 Turk st., near Jones.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Da vies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women:
60 years', practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
i avoided; kind Sympathy and aid; sure relief,
j. though, else fall; .- delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted ; travelers treated; no
! delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. . MRS. M. DA VIES, 1228 Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2. :
ALL of Dr. : Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects;: taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23
, Grant aye., S. F. A caution — pur-
chasing elswhere write ■ us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In one day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or. instruments used; consultation free;
I saves disgrace; pills, and capsules. $1: cure,
j $5. . By the well-known ladies' physician, for
37 years, DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
DR. WISE, late of Bellevue Hospital. N. V.,
obstretrlcs specialist, offices Hackmeler Hotel,
123 Eddy St., chronic and complicated dis-
eases cured; patients assured first-class
medical 'attendance, besides enjoying pri-
vacy of . home with experienced attendants;
strictest confidence maintained In all cases;
consultation free. ; Hours, 9 to 11 and 2 to 8.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from . what-
ever cause: no Instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly;
home for patients; consult free; . confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st. >
MEN, attention: Army & Navy, sure cure;
•' cures new and old cases; agency, A. & N.
Drug Co., 306 Sixth St., San Francisco. Mall-.
. ed free on receipt of 75c. ■ '
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home In confinement, with every
comfort, best care and attendance: terms
moderate: Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
PRIVATE home in confinement by a first-class
German midwife; Infants adopted into good
homes. 615 Turk St., near Larkln.
LADIES— Dr. Puetz; infallible, safe reme-
dies: 28 years' experience. 254^4 Fourth st.
MRS. ACHARD, • midwife; sunny, pleasant
home In confinement. ■ 156 Second st. ■ •
~ EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, . business : practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, | English branches;
electrical, civil . and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying,, etc. ; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue. . £i
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; Indi-
vidual instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy. ■: penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low rates
per week and month. \
UNIVERSITY coach— Perry, Ph. B.. Fel-
low In Mathematics, U.C., 7407 S. Atherton,
nr. Charming way. Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School— electrical, mm•-
• ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve.;
; est. 1864. VAN DER AILLEN, 933 Market.
MARCHESI'S vocal studio reopened. 811 Leav-
enworth, nr. Sutter; prl. : tuition, voice cult.
PIANO and German pupil of Conservatory in
Lelpslc; lessons, 75 cents. ,110 Hyde st. . :.
MME.- Annls : Montague Turner, vocal instruc-
; tions; correct and natural method. 930 Bush.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught In 1 month: references;
private lessons: terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrs experience.. Press Club bldg., 123 Ellis.
ENGLISH ; literature, } mythology; Shakespeare
■■classes: prl. tuition. -Mrs. Ehrman.-1234 Bush. :
■ ' ■ f CARPET CLEANING. ,
CITY r Steam > Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
•i moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
188 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250. ■ ,
WHEN you ! become disgusted with poor work
send to ' SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
. beating Works. ; 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 453
•■Stevenson st. ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 8c per yard; relaid at 3c
! STRATTON, 3 Eighth ; st. ; tel. ; Jessie 944. ! ;; J
J. :E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
- st. ; : cleaning 3c : yard; s tel. * Mission 74. •..'■ ; :.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126. ... :- . ' : '■ •;
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co. 402 Sutter | st.;
• tel. Main 394. OKO. ; WOLCOM, Proprietor.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL type writers I sold j and ; rented; | few | partly
;'.; '. used , for '. sale : cheap: .' send - for samples r and
..- prices. ALEXANDER CO., 110 Montgomery.
NEW Hammond, $35: Callgraph. : $15: Yost, ' $25;
■ get sample work. . SCOTT, :- 333 Montgomery.
CITY REAL ESTATE. '
CHEAPEST, homes In San Francisco, Be to all
parts of city. - ; * v '-:> ■ •
- $200 secures 4-room cottage; balance as rent
$125 buys fine building lots: rants $6, *S and
$10 per month. THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa
St.. Ocean View. - ;
$325— LARGE Jot 44:6x103:6, near Sunnyslde; I
car lines; perfectly level; new cottage oppo-
site; positive -bargain, 11 Powell St., rooms
1 and 2.
AN elegant house for sale; situated on Freder-
ick st. at 457, half block from park; owner on
'■■■" premises. : : ■: ..--.-,-.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
A— WERTHEIM" &' KERTH, 850 Market st.,
j business agents; city and covntry real estate;
. .partners' procured; rents and moneys col-
lectedi. .> . , - . _.
$2500 — 10-acre fruit ranch; near Haywarda;
1000 fruit trees in bearing; a bargain.
$5500—137 acres: house and barn; 4 miles from
Napa; would exchange for house and lot in
Oakland; a splendid home. -
$12 50 per acre— s4s acres ; "stock, ranch: In
Santa Clara County; rich, rolling land; suit-
able for i grain or fruit; plenty of water.
Call and .examine our list of fine ranches,
from 160 to 10,000 acres, in Glenn County. Cal.,
the great ' wheat country.
$700— 20- ACRE colony lot, 3 miles from Mer-
ced, * with water; terms easy; lot ■ leveled;
will trade for city property. Box 237, Merced,
Cal.
TEXAS lady visiting California wishes to sell
fine Texas ranches from U $20 per acr* In
. all parts of Texas :-woul<MSxehange. MRS. P.
T. NOR ) WOpD, 1356. fiafrlßon St.. Oakland.
TO RENT In Contra Costa County, on San
Pablo Creek: 8, miles; from Berkeley,' 1150
acres land; well watered, wooded; 350 acres
good grain land; balance excellent pasture;
suitable milk or stock ranch: R. R. facilities;
crops never fall.- R: B. Rowland, Orinda Park
FOR .' Sale— Stock ranch, 1200 acres land: 500
acres fine grain 'land"! remainder grazing, hill
land; abundant feed;' well sheltered and
i Watered; situated In Colusa County, 16 miles
: from railroad; price $10 per acre. Apply to
MRS. M. 8. CHANDON. Marysvllle. Cal.
OAKLAND; ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FORECLOSURE bargains offered by Oakland .
Building and Loan Association. 1151 Twenty-
third aye.. East Oakland, Cal. :.S ' v\ ■■
Lots from $150 up.
Houses, 5 to 8 rooms, from $1009 to 14000.
Call and see our list. .■- "
ONLY $100 down, balance less than rent, will
buy you a fine, new, modern two-story
house, with bath, • laundry, mantel, etc.,
built to order; with fine lot; only 7 minutes'
walk from local station; lot 50x100: total coat
only $1750. JAS. S. NAISMITH, 464 Ninth st.
OFFER wanted; lot 50x140; situated on Thlr-
ty-flrst St., near Market. W. P. RYAN, 960
Seventh St.. Oakland. ■ -
~~ OAKLAND DRESSMAKING.
LADIES' coats, gowns and ' suits. MRS. E.
CHATMAN. 808 t7th St.. nr. San Pablo.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— and cheap. H. BCHELL-
HAAB' old stor«. 408 Eleventh st. Bee him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1500— LARGE COTTAGE 7 rooms; lot 50x140;
well, windmill; all street work complete;
easy terms.
$10,000, reduced to $6000— Elegant home;
modern house; finest street in Alameda; first-
class neighborhood; lot 73x175; must be sold.
E. D. JUDD & CO.,
1424 Park St., Alameda. .
SAN JOSE aye., 2241, Park st. station—
nlshed 7- room cottage 6 months; 1 to 4 p. m.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
6 ROOMS and bath; nice location; terms $30.
1910 Union st., Alameda, or 17 New Montgom-
ery, San Francisco. .
• BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEAR the university. In the very best part
of beautiful Berkeley; house of 7 -rooms and
bath; large lot; street work all done. JOS.
J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley station. .
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
IF you want to buy, ssll or exchange any
property call on us; we have a fine list of
city and country property. Room 412, Exam-
.'. iner building. ■
PROPERTY WANTED.
75- ACRE ranch/ cultivated, for city or Oakland
property. 423& Mississippi st.
ACRE fruit ranch for city or Oakland prop-
erty. 423% Mississippi st.
839 HAVES Branch - office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
• MONEY TO LOAN.
' LOANS on furniture x or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephon* South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry .
Store, 948 Market st. ; tel. Green 204.
.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest interest. Room 68. . 1170 Market.
ON furniture, t pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates no commission ; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Post st.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
COLONIAL Inv. Co. — Money >on any . proposi-
tion; city, country ;.furn. 405 'Montgomery, r. 4.
ON pianos, furniture, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister at.
FIRST and second mortgages, estates;; city and
country. J. W. WRIGHT, 63C Market st. •
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
$50. TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 12d mortg.;
.any proposition. Dryden,- 413 Montgomery st.
ELEVENTH, Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. . * ■
. FINANCIAL.
_ • ■ 5V ■
FOREIGN and home capital to" Invest. BYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery st.
' . LOST. ;•;•-:■-
Between Ross Valley and Greenbrae. on
Sunday afternoon, a dark blue overcoat.
Finder will receive liberal reward by return-
_ Ing to the. owner, 6 Leldesdorff st. •-.■.:■
— Any . Information 'given about a ' parrot
calling Mrs. Plumbe Harvey and Will will be
.rewarded by calling at ; 1334 Valencia st. ' ,
LOST— Between' Haight and Stanyan st.,
■lady's gold watch: initials M. A. B. ; reward
given. Box 636, Call : office. . • . ; :
WHITE bull terrier, bitch, September 15. Va-
. lencia and Nineteenth. Return 1738 ; Market
st. : reward. •_• . ' r-jr -j
Fox-terrier: 819 Greenwich ' st. , answer?
to the name of Zip. Return and receive re-
ward. ..■ . . ■ , ■ - : .;..'•• . ■
LOST— Small -black : and white dog ■ named
Frankle. Return to 724 California; reward. •
IN Bausallto. a fox bull dog; tag No. 478. Re-
turn 734 Valencia st. reward. v ■ ■ '
$100 REWARD— Lost at wedding at Palace Ho-
tel. three (3) diamond rings. B. SCHWETZE,
23-25 Battery St. ; no questions. ■
FOUND. -'S . . .'.
FOUND— Greyhound; owner can have the same
by - paying expenses. SE. cor Twenty-third
• and Utah sts. , ; ",. .-• ;.■
; BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and * death notices sent . by
mall ' will not be Inserted. They must b«
handed in at either of the publlcantlon offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
' BORN.
CHARLOCK— In! this city, September IT, 1898,
- to the wife of Nat B. Charlock, a daughter. -
DAY— In this city, September 11, 1898, to the
■ wife of C. W. Day, a ' daughter. ■ . .- - *.- ..
_~ ~ - ;■■ DIED. -:; " — —
Anderson. Esther ■• Kennenflck, Marga-
Carroll, Michael T. , ret M. . .
" Clancy. William 3. ■-.:.'■■ Lang, Frances- "
Cohn, Louis -■• Levy, ; Helen ■•
Coulbertson, Kennedy :: Moreenthal, Lena J.
Daily. William H. Mohlfeldt. Louis
' Dalziel, Agnes ■ ' : " May. Joseph ',
' Gannon, ' John E. Murphy, John H.
; - Goyette. ■ Exllda ... ■•■' Neeb. Veronlka
Isham; Flora ' E. : .; Osborne. » William
Isham,- J. Otis ' ' Rockwell. Julia " "
Jones, LUlle - Snow, Chester J. . ■
Jones, Charles ".. - - Teague,' Mary R. --
Vincenot, - Mrs. E. .
ANDERSON— this city. September 18. 1898,
. | Esther, beloved daughter : of i David and Hul-
• da Anderson, a native of San Francisco, aged
* "-.■' 6 months and 13 days. ; • ■ :
CARROLL— this city. September 17, 1898,
Michael T., beloved husband of Christina Car-
roll, and father of Mary, Katherlne, Matthew
and Luke Carroll and Mary O'Brien, a native
of County Klldaro, Ireland. J „ , ■
Friends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2021 Turk street, thence to Holy Cross.
Church, Eddy street; where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated lor the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 :SO -o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
Y. M. I.— lgnatlan Council No. 85: Members,
- you are hereby requested to assemble at the
1 house of mourning at 8:45 o'clock to attend
the funeral of our late brother, M. T. Car-
• .Toll. 1 • •■■■."'■ JOHN J. O'TOOLE. Pres. ■
CHAS. L. EBNER. Sec.
CLANCY— In this city, September 18. 1898. Wil-
liam J. Clancy, beloved son of Mrs. Eliza
Fisher, and brother of Joseph. Katie and Ida
Fisher and Mrs. Mary Harrington, a native
of New York, aged 33 years.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 354 , Preclta avenue, ■ corner of . Treat
avenue. ■'. ~
COHN— In thisTclty, September 17, 1898, Louis
Cohn, beloved father of Mrs. Charles B.
Kory of Galveston, ; Texas, Mrs. Eugene
Stoltz and Louis, Bella, Julia and Bertha
Cohn, a native of New York, aged 69 years.
(New York and Galveston papers please
copy.)
C/" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
\ (Tuesday), ;at i o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, under the auspices of Fidelity Lodge No.
120, F. and A. M. Interment Home of Peace
Cemetery by 3:80 o'clock train from Third and -
Townsend streets.
COULBERTSON— In Oakland, September 17.
1898, Kennedy R. Coulbertson. dearly beloved
son of Mrs. J. W. Brooks, aged 20 years and 4
a months.
ICFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Monday), at 10:30
o'clock, from his late residence. 551 Thirty-
second : street. Interment St. Mary's Ceme-
tery, Oakland. ' %
DAILY— In Boston, September 16. 1898, William
■ H., husband of Catherine Dally, and father
of William, John and Joseph Dally, a native
of Boston, aged 67 years. (Boston papers
please copy.) -y-j-M'SC. . ;
DALZIEL— In Oakland. September 16, 1898.
Agnes, infant daughter of Andrew and Fan-
ny Dalzlel, a native of Oakland, aged 8 days.
GANNON— In this city, . September 17. 1898.
John E., son -of Mary A. and the late James
Gannon, a native of San Francisco. . _"• \.\ ;
(□^Funeral and Interment private.
GOYETTE— In this city. September 18. 1898.
Exllda, beloved daughter of Israel and the
late Mary Goyette, a native of Virginia City,
Nev., aged 12 years and 5 months. '
ISHAM— this city, September IS. 1898, Flora
E, beloved wife of Louis H. - Isham. a na-
tive of Vermont, aged 37 years; also in this
city, September 18, IS9S. J. Otis, beloved son
of Louis H. and the late Flora E. Isham. a,
native of New Hampshire, . aged 14 years 1
month and 5 days.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend their funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the family
residence, 160 Montana street, Ocean View.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
JONES— Los Banos, September IS, 1898, Lll-
■ lie, youngest and beloved daughter of the
late Thomas and Mary. Jones, sister of Mrs.
G. Darius and Katherine and the late George
and Joseph Jones, and niece of Mrs. A. Mc-
Cormick, a native of San Francisco, aged 24
•- years 4 months and IT days.
ty Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mis-
sion street. • • . .-
JONES —In this city, September 16, 1898.
at his residence, 2406 Mission street.
Charles, beloved husband of Emma Jones,
father of Charles J. Jones, grandfather of
Charles R. Jones and Mrs. J. B. Horn, and
great grandfather of Wanda, Camille and
Wesley Horn, a native of Penkridge, Staf-
f ordshire, England, aged 78 years 5 months
and 22 days. (Birmingham and Wulvershire,
England, papers please copy.)
(E7"Friends and acqualntar are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 12 o'clock, from Simpson
M. E. Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan
streets, where services will be held. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery. "
I KENNENFICK— In this city, September 17.
1898, Margaret Mahoney Kennenflck. a native
of Ireland, aged 60 years. -
(E7"Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow | (Tuesday),
at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the parlors of
Carew & English. 41 Vpn Ness avenue.
' thence to Sacred Heart Church. Fell and Fill-
more streets, where a requiem high mad 9
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Brook-
lyn, N. Y.
LANG— In this city, September 18, 1898, Fran-
• ces, dearly beloved wife of Louis Lang,
i mother of Mrs. Rose Vath and Frank J. and
5 the late Louis and Fred Lang, and grand-
mother of Frances and Stella Vath,. a native
of Germany, aged 57 years and 15 days. A
• member, of the San Francisco Frauen V erein.
Independent German Ladies' . Benevolent So-
ciety, and German-American Circle No. 158.
C. O. F. . '
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to • attend 'the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
••' dence. 1 20 Page street, between Franklin and
Gough, thence to Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter
" street, where funeral services will be held.
- commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
SAN FRANCISCO FRAUEN VEREIN— To the
officers and members of • the San Francisco
Frauen ■ Vereln: You are hereby requested to
assemble at Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter street,
this day (Monday), at 1 o'clock, to attend
the funeral of our late sister, Mrs. Frances
Lang. By order of
• ■ MRS. M. HORSTMANN. Pres.
MRS. A. MA AS, Sec. .
'LEVY— this city, September 17. IS9S, '. Helen.
■ dearly beloved and youngest daughter of
. Solomon and Esther Levy, and Bister of Mrs.
B. Beer, .Mrs. W. L. Cohn, Mrs. C. Levy and
Miss Josie Levy, a native of San Francisco,
aged 31 years 4 months and S days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
• her parents, 1621 Geary street, between Bu-
chanan and Webster, thence by 11:30 o'clock
train t»New Salem Cemetery for interment.
MORGENTHAL— . thin city. September 16.
1898, Lena Josephine, dearly beloved and only
daughter of Anton and Minnie .ugusta Mor-
tcenthal, and granddaughter of James T. and
Sophia Smith, a : native of San Francisco,
' aged 3 years 11 months and 1 day. (Cincinnati,
Ohio, papers please copy.) :■■
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her parent*, 1909 Vallejo street, near Qcta-
via. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MOHLFELDT— In Oakland, September IS,
1898. • Louis, - beloved husband of Augusta
: Mohlfeldt, and father of Louis, August and
Dora Mohlfeldt, a native of Hanover, Ger-
many, aged 45 years and 8 months.
- j JCTThe funeral will take ' place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
H F Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth, thence to I. O. O. F. Cemetery for
cremation. *' . '-„,■.'-.
MAY— In this city. September 17. 1898. Joseph
May, a native of Germany, aged 51 years 8
months and 9 days.
. IC7'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at -9:43 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his brother, 16S0 Fell street. Inter-
ment private. Please omit flowers.
MURPHY— In the City and County Hospital,
. September 18. . 189 S. John Henry Murphy, a
native of California, aged 3S years.
NEEB— In this city, September 17. IS9S. ; Veron-
ika. dearly beloved wife of Henry - eeb. and
mother of Mrs. Annie Lebatard. : Mrs. Eliza-
beth Carrel, and Henry, William, Charles and
Fred Neeb, a native of Posen, Germany, aged
60 years 7 months and 13 days. (Chicago pa-
pers please copy.) , . .' ": • '■
CrFrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 447H Natoma street, between Fifth
and Sixth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
OSBORNE— In Oakland, September : 17. IS9B,
- William, beloved husband of Laura Osborne.
' and. father of William and Ray Osborne and
Mrs. Charles N. Gilbert, a native 'of ■ Tan-
nanger, Norway.
•• (ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock,, from the late resi-
dence. 1257 Eighth street. Interment Moun-
'. tain' View Cemetery.
ROCKWELL— In this city, September 17, ,IS9B,
Julia, beloved wife of J. J. Rockwell, mother
of Mrs." James Roundtree, and sister of Mrs.
D. C. Cornwell, a native of Bellefontaine,
Ohio, aged 47 years 11 months and 4 days.
jbrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral ' this ■ day
: (Monday), at 10:13 o'clock, from her late resi- .
dence, 2006 A Howard street. Interment . Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery by 11:40 o'clock train
from Valencia-street station.
SNOW— In this city, September IS, 189S, Chester
• J., beloved husband of Isabel < Snow, and
■ ■ father, of - Louis Snow and Mrs. Mary L. ■
Simpson, a native of Connecticut, aged 72
years.
- ICTNotlce of , funeral hereafter.
TEAGUE— Golden Gate, September 17, 1893,
Mary Rlckard, wife vof the late William
Teague, and dearly beloved mother of Luther
A., Fred.-'Charles and" Hattle Teague, Mrs.
Cane and Mrs. S. -N. - Griffith, a native of
Calstock, England, aged years.
(C? Friends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral " services
this day (Monday), at 10:30 o'clock; at the
residence of her daughter. Mrs. Dr. A. Cane,
. Oolden Gate, Oakland. Interment private.
VINCENOT— this 'city, September 18, 1898,
Mrs. Elisabeth ; Vincenot. dearly beloved
mother of : Mrs. J. A. Me Williams, Mrs. J.
;H.; H. Norrls and the late Eugene Vlneenot and
Mrs. W. J. Thompson, a native of Germany,
■ aged 72 years. ■-, . . ...
v ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
\ (Tuesday),' at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
• j dence, 1107 McAllister street, between Web- .
' ster and •Fillmore.i*. Interment Laurel Hill
'■ Cemetery. - ' . . -
McAVOY & GALLAGHER.
. FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALAIER3
.. . " 20 FIFTH ST., opp. Lincoln Schojl. >
Telephone, South 80. " - -'• ,- '' ■
T™"™ Ti^j^lcaVoy, Manager. .-... ■ • I
McflVOY & CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERJI I
; ■ - 1235 Market at, between Bth and 9th. 1
; ■'.-'-'>■' r ■■■■ - Telephone. South 247. ~ ■ ■ |
910
TALMAGE TALKS
TO TWO URGE
CONGREGATIONS
One Was an Overflow
in Union Square.
PLENTY OF ROOM IN HEAVEN
HOW TO PRAY THE SUBJECT OF
HTS ADDRESS.
"The Celestial Gates Are Open for All
Who Take the Right Road,"
Says the Eloquent
Preacher.
The announcement in the Sunday morn
ing papers that Rev. T. De Witt Talmage
•would preach in the evening at Calvary
Presbyterian Church, corner of Powell
and Geary streets, attracted an immense
crowd to that place of worship fully an
hour before the doors were opened.
At 7 o'clock there were over three thou
sand people gathered In the street, all of
whom were axlous to hear the eminent
divine, but considerably less than one
half were admitted. When the church was
filled to Its utmost capacity the doors
•were locked and the overflow remained
outside. In a few minutes, however; it
was announced to them that Mr. Talmage
would address them from the band stand
in Union square after the conclusion, of
thp church services.
Mr. Talmage took as a text for his dis
course in the church the thirteenth verse
of the twenty-fifth chapter of the First
Book ofSamuel, as follows: "And David
said unto his men) Gird ye on every man
his sword; and David also girded on his
sword: and there went up after David
four hundred men; and two hundred men
abode by the stuff."
The lesson drawn from this text was
that those who remained in camp or at
home arid did their duty are entitled to
as much credit as those who do their duty
at the front; that the man in humble sta- I
tion performing his duty faithfully is as
sure of his reward as the faithful man in
the highest and most important walks of
life. In this connection the ■ eloquent
preacher raid a glowing and touching
tribute to Christian motherhood, and cited
many examples of the great good accom
plished by good mothers, whose conscfen
lious deeds have had a vast influence upon
the world.
At a few minutes after 9 o'clock Mr.
Talmage appeared upon the band stand in
Unlpn square, where he found a very
large congregation which had been pa
tiently waiting for him and meantime
singing some of the good old hymns, l
such as "Hold the Fort," "Sunshine,"
"Sweet Bye and Bye," "Rock of Ages,"
and "Pull for the Shore."
Mr. Talmage spoke for about twenty
minutes. He was sorry that so many
had been unable to get into the church, but
he consoled them with the declaration
that there is plenty of room in heaven,
the g;it.s of which will be open for all
who take the right road to get there.
"The next timt- we meet," said he, "may 1
be at the judgment seat. How are you
prospering? What are your prospects
for the life to comet" he asked, and then
he urged nil to make up their minds at
to como to God. He asked for the
blessing of God fltpon them and their
households, and hoped that hundreds of
the young men and women whom he saw
Dr. Talmage Addresses a Tremendous Overflow Meeting in Union=Square Park.
\tl lYont of him would enlist in the army
»*' the Lord. He called upon them to set
tle the matter in their minds then and
there. "Pray to God and say 'God be
merciful to me, a sinner,' " was the ap
peal of the preacher. "If that prayer te
too long say 'O Lord, save me,' or if you.
wish a shorter prayer say 'Help me,' or
If you wish to utter no prayer then
Mmply look up and live." He then pro-
I'ounced a touching benediction, after
which the assemblage slowly dispersed,
well pleased at having heard the fa
oious preacher If only for a few minutes.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY Is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It is pure.
FROM THE FROZEN NORTH.
Lieutenants Jarvis and Berthol of
the Bear Arrive.
Lieutenants D. H. Jarvis and E. P.
Bertholf of the Bear arrived yesterday
nnming and are guests at the Grand
Hotel. Lieutenant Jarvis made the event
ful trip overland from Port Clarence to
Point Barrow to relieve the frozen-in
ivhalers. Their stay in this city will be
ihort. as they leave for Washington
Tuesday night.
Jealous and Sought Death.
OAKLAND, Sept. in.— About midnight
I young woman, Mrs. S. W. Leonard, cre
ited a sensation by shootirn' herself on
Sixth street, between Broadway and
franklin. The bullet entered her mouth
md pasped out through, her left eye.
Mr?. Leonard, whose husband Is a
painter, has been married only About a
fear and her action is said to have been
jaused by Jealousy. She was taken to the
Receiving Hospital and will probably re
iover.
OLYMPICS
RECEIVE A
LUMP SUM
TheCollegesWillTake
the Receipts.
THE FOOTBALL SETTLEMENI
BOTH PARTIES ARE NOW THOR-
OUGHLY SATISFIED.
The Athletic Club and the Two
Colleges Make a Novel Agree
ment for the
Season.
The Olympic Club directors decided to
equip and support a football eleven* on
Friday morning. For over two months
the matter of putting a team in the field
which would wear the red and white of
the Olympic Club received the most care
ful attention from the officers of that
Institution, and for a time there was a
deadlock between the managers of the
college teams on one side and the direc
tors of the club on the other. An agree
ment, was reached last- week by Managers
Brown of the University of California and
Prichard of Stanford and the Olympic
Club directors by which the Olympic
Club is to receive $1500 from the colleges,
and out of that sum they guarantee to
furnish a team which will play six games,
three with each university.
There is an interesting story back of
this agreement which shows that the col
lege men did not dictate the terms this
year. At first the athletic clubs, the Re
liance of Oakland and the Olympic of this
city, came together and decided that if
either determined to organize a team the
other would not. This .agreement was
reached for self protection. The football
season is necessarily limited to the
months of October and November, and as
games can be played on Saturdays only
the schedule would also be necessarily
limited to six games, counting a Saturday
for the freshman game and the lopping
off the Saturday preceding Thanksgiving.
Were two athletic clubs to enter teams
the revenue would not be sufficient for
.either to support an eleven, and both
clubs were resolved not to organize a
team if the expense of conducting it
would not be met by the returns.
As the Olympic Club expressed a desire
to form an eleven the Reliance Club gra
ciously withdrew from the field. Then a
managerial contest was fought out, the
-details of which have never been pub
lished. The Olympic Clvjb made a stand
for the entire net revenue to be derived
from the six games which it woifld play
with the Stanford and California. To
this proposition the college managers
turned a frigid shoulder. They claimed
that it was preposterous; that all the
Olympics were really entitled to was a 60
per cent share of the net proceeds. The
Olympics manager refused to listen to
this offer and negotiations were cut off.
Then the college managers saw that
further concessions would have to be
made and they raised 10 per cent, but this
was not satisfactory to the Olympic Club.
The percentage share went up until the
college managers were offering 85 per cent
of the net returns of all matches to be
played. The Olympics still held out, and
then negotiations broke off again.
This was some few weeks ago. Be
tween that time and last Thursday Man-
agers Brown and Prichard conferred and
they did a lot of figuring. The returns of
the last several seasons were reviewed,
and they saw that a good pile of money
was made in the preliminary games.
Their next offer was an out and out
proposition to pay the Olympic Club $ir>oo
if it would guarantee to organize and put
a good team in the field. The necessity
of practice was felt by the college men
and something had to be done to insure it.
The athletic club considered this proposi
tion and after due deliberation accepted
It.
According to the agreement now ex
isting between the athletic club and the
colleges, the latter will have to do all the
advertising, arrange all matters in regard
to the games and bear all the expenses.
The Olympic Club will simply be forced
to have its team on the field at the ap
pointed hour and play its game.
The directors of the Olympic Club think
that with a due exercise of economy they l
may play even on the season. The ex
penses of a football season are tre
mendous, but with proper management
the club officials think that they will not
lose anything on their team this year.
This Is the first time since the begin
ning of football on the coast that any
thing of this nature has been done. It
was a division formerly. This season each
college pays $750, and the Olympics agree
to play with them eat with them and
fight with them, it the necessities of the
game demand it.
Austro-Slavic Republican Club.
At the last meeting of the Austrian-
Slavonian-American Republican Club the
following were permanently elected of
ficers: M. Sabadin; vice
president. P. C. Milloglav; secretary, An
tone. Pilcovich; treasurer, B. M. Burin;
sergeant-at-arms, Visko Lucich. Fifty
eix new members signed the roll and it
was resolved unanimously to indorse the
Republican State ticket. The club will
meet next Thursday, night.
THE SAN FRAISTCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1898.
CHARLES L. PATTON FOR MAYOR
Leading Republicans Unite in Requesting Him to Head
the Municipal Ticket
ptHARLES L,. PATTON will, in all probability, be the Republican
| nominee for Mayor of San Francisco; it Is hardly necessary to add
that his nomination is practically equivalent to his election. It has
been recognized all along that It would be necessary to exercise
the greatest care In selecting a man to head the municipal ticket in or
der to Insure success this fall, and those having the welfare of the party
most at heart have been at somewhat of a loss to decide as to who
would be best fitted to make the canvass.
Charles L. Patton has been conceded by everybody to be the one
man above all others whose nomination would be certain to bring vic
tory to the Republican standard, but the one great difficulty lay In gaining
his consent to accept the nomination. Before the meeting ,of the State
convention Mr. Patton was urged by leading Republicans throughout the
State to allow his name to be presented for the gubernatorial nomination,
and after his refusal to enter that contest it was thought he would not
consent to enter the mayoralty campaign.
A number of the most prominem Republicans met yesterday to discuss
the situation, and. it was decided unanimously that Mr. Patton must be
induced to sacrifice his personal interests and inclinations for the wel
fare of his party ana of the city. Mr. Patton was not present at the
meeting. He was out of town all day yesterday, and had no knowledge
of the gathering, nor does he yet know of its result. But the decision of
those present will be presented to Mr. Patton to-day and the situation
laid before him in such a way that his friends have no doubt whatever
that he will consent to. accept the nomination.
Probably no man is better known throughout the State of California.
As one of the younger members of the legal profession, for he has but
Just entered the prime of life, he has gained a most enviable reputation,
not only among lawyers, but among all classes of business and profes
sional men. A man of wealth, a genial, polished gentleman, Mr. Patton
attracts all who come in contact with him; never repels them. Whole
souled and liberal almost to a fault, the man who is numbered among
Charles Patton's friends regards himself as fortunate indeed. Mr. Pat
ton is a prince of entertainers, as all will testify who have been included
among his guests. He is a man of marked executive ability and of un
bounded energy. Upon him, more than anybody else, rested the responsi
bility for the gigantic fair in aid of the Masonic Widows' and Orphans'
home, held in this city a few months ago, and to him alone is due the
credit for its splendid success, it having netted $35,000 for that woVthy in
stitution.
A Julius Kahn Club.
The Julius Kahn Swiss-Italian Club was
organized on Saturday evening with a
membership of eighty-four. The officers
elected were: President, S. W. Vulice
vich; secretary, T. Cornazzani; treasurer,
A Schellberg, and executive committee.
A. Tozzi, A. Succhi and S. W. Volicevich.
DIFFERENCES ARE
QUICKLY ADJUSTED
LEAGUE OF REPUBLICAN CLUBS
MEETS.
Committee Appointed to Confer With
a Delegation From the County
Organization — Further Har
mony Is Expected.
A meeting was held yesterday afternoon
at the headquarters of the Republican
County Committee to consider the dif
ferences among the various organizations
and to decide upon the best method of
electing delegates to the coming acnven
tion. Twenty organizations fron\ the
League of Republican Clubs were repre
sented by delegates and a general dis
cussion was had. Out of all the clubs
represented at the meeting only two prof
fered grievances, and these were speedily
adjusted to their satisfaction.
A committee of five was then appointed
to confer with a similar body from the
county committee in order to secure
further harmonious action. The com
mittee appointed by the league consists
of Oscar Lewis (chairman), Richard
B. Faulkner, T. S. Smith. Frank Law
rence and W. J. Herrin. The members
will at once confer with T. D. Riordans
committee of five.
Howard Republican Club.
The Howard Republican Club will hold
Its first regular meeting to-night at
Pythian Castle Hall, 909}£ Market street.
The entire State Republican ticket will be
ratified. Prominent speakers will be In
attendance,
CITY CRICKETERS
ARE IN THE LEAD
COOKSON DISPLAYS HIS OLD
SKILL WITH THE BALL.
In Yesterday's Match the Representa
tives of Alameda Were Nearly
Sixty Runs Behind.
Yesterday a match was begun on the
Alami'da grounds between elevens repre
senting the cities of Alameda and San
Francisco. The latter went to the bat
first, and, thanks largely to J. Myers'
score of 60, compiled the respectable total
of 132 runs. Seven of the Alamed^, team
were tried as bowlers, and of these Croll,
who took two wickets for six runs, and
Harbour, who took two for 14, proved
most successful. No fewer than five of
the team were caught.
When the representatives of Alameda
went to the bat Cookson showed that his
skill with the ball has not deserted him,
for he took five wickets for 25 runs. C. P.
Coles, 23, and F. J. Croll, 18, were the only
members of the team to get double fig
ures. The full results are appended:
SAN FRANCSCO.
First innings*—
R. B. Hopue b. Bird 10
J. Myers c. Wallace b. Harbour 60
J. J. Morlarlty c. Bird b. Saunders 7
F. Sewell c. Peel b. Saunders 4
J. J. Theobald b. Coles 3
G. Theobald c. Coles b. Saunders &
J. McLean b. Croll 6
11. H. Cookson c. and b. Harbour 0
F. Stahl not out 14
W. G. Fortman b. Croll 5
F. C. Drlffleld absent 0
Wldes 4, leg bye 1, byes 5 10
Total, first innlnß v.132
Runs at the fall of each wicket: 1 for 30,
2 for 45, 3. for 61, 4 for 66, 5 for So, 6 for 111, 7
for 112. g for 113, 9 for 132.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Maid- Wick- Ay.
Bowler— Balls. Runs. ens. ets. runs.
Saunders 121 40 6 3 13 l-«
Ward 30 10 0 0
Peel 69 21 5 0
Bird 64 17 1 1 17
Coles 24 14 0 1 14
Croll 19 6 18 3
Harbour 18 34 1 2 7
Peel bowled 3 wides and Saunders 1 wide.
ALAMEDA.
F. J. Croll c. Meyer b. Cookaon IS
G. B. Wise c. Morlarlty b. Sewell 2
C. P. Coles run out 28
J. J. R. Peel b. Cookson S
J. H. Saundrrs c, Stahl b. Cookson s
J. H. Harbour b. Cnokson 2
n. Bird 1. I), w. b. Sewell 5
T. W. G. Wallace c. McLean b. Cookson 1
V. Seebeck b. Sewell 0
I. H. Splro c. and b. Sewell 0
H. Ward, not out 4
Byes 3
Total first inning 74
Runs at the fall of each wicket: 1 for 5, 2
for 40, 3 for 41, 4 for 50, 5 for 54, 6 for 56; 7 for
C 3. 8 for 68. 9 for 68, 10 for 74.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Maid- Wick- Ay.
Howler — Balls. Runs. ens. ets. runs.
Cookson 90 25 4 5 5
Sewell 85 46 0 4 11%
The match will be continued next Sun
day on the same grounds.
Handball Contests.
Eleven well contested handball games
were played in Phil Ryan's court at 858
Howard street yesterday .afternoon. Li
cense Collector Bonnet did not show up,
and as a consequence Jim Nealon was
looked upon as being the champion, but
he got knocked out in one of his bouts
by Linehan and Houston, although he
had a crack partner in the person of
Kilgallon. This defeat only tended to
warm these two players up for a second
turn with the same team, in which they
came out the winners. The play and
Bcores are as follows:
E. McDonoußh and S. V. Cosello defeated
Dr. W. H. SietK-rt and W. H. Kedlan. Score,
21-15, 19-21. 21-14.
Triple handicap game— Dr. W. H. Sieben
defeated W. H. ■ Kedlan and S. V. Costello.
Score, 21-19, 13-21, 21-18.
E. Barry and P. Housman defeated M. Mc-
Clure and T. Foley. Score, 21-20. 17-21, 21-14.
J. Casey and P. Herrln defeated M. Fogarty
and P. Foley. Score, 21-13, 14-21, 21-13.
N. Berger and J. R. Bockman defeated L.
Waterman and D. J. Sheehan. Score, 21-16,
IS-21, 21-17. . -
A. Collins and R. Housman defeated J.
Dowllng and E. Barry. Score, 21-17, 14-2 L
21-19.
Triple handicap game — R. Housman defeated
F. Joyce and T. Foley. Score, 21-15, 17-21, 21-18.
Triple handicap game— A. Hampton defeated
E. Maloney and Mr. McVicker. Score, 21-14
16-21, 21-19.
First rub— R. Linehan and A. Hampton de
feated J. C. Nealon and M. J. Kilgallon. Score
21-IS, 17-21, 21-19.
J. C. Nealon and M. J. Kilgallon defeated
R. Linehan and A. Hampton. (Score, 21-16,
ao-a. si-is.
THE POLICE TO
HAVE ANOTHER
BIG BENEFIT
Entertainment Now
Being Prepared.
THE CAPTAINS IN CHARGE
"LONG &U.OT" RATIGAN DE-
FENDS WITTMAN.
The Latter and Chief Lees to Flay
the Balcony Scene From "Borneo
and j uliet"— Extensive
Freparations.
The police intend to grive another enter
tainment for the benefit of the Widows'
ond Orphans' Aid Association. Evidently
unmindful of the scandal attached to the
last entertainment, "North Pole" Witt
man, realizing the necessity of swelling
the fund of the organization, has con
ceived the bold scheme of further hood
winking the public by having his famous
glee club appear before the footlights in
that clever skit, "How Conboy Beat the
Bank at Sausallto."
Wlttman has appointed the same men
on the committee who had charge of the
last entertainment to perfect arrange
ments, but it is not likely that they will
serve. Chief Lees wants the captain of
police to handle the affair, and as his
word is supreme the committee will in all
probability be discharged in the next few
days.
A meeting of the officers of the widows
and orphans will be held on next Wednes
day afternoon, when the several captains
will be authorized to make arrangements
for the entertainment. A feature of the
programme will be the* a~oearance of
Chief Lees and Captain Wittman on the
stage. They will do the balcony scene
from "Romeo and Juliet." "Long Shot"
Ratigan, the patrol wagon .driver, has
been selected to sing "My Mother Was a
Lady." While proud of his voice. Rati
gan does not like the idea of singing in
public.
"Me Pipes Are Frozen," he remarked
to a sympathetic crowd of policemen yes
terday, "and it will take some time for
them to thaw out."
"Caught cold from Wittman's feet, eh?"
inquired one of the policemen* looking
around to see if the Central station cap
tain was within hearing distance.
"Youse fellers give me a pain," 'Indig
nantly replied Ratigan, his face assuming
an angry expression. "Witt, is my friend
and I want yer to know it. I knew him
when he was on the street workin' as a
common policeman. Now that he is cap
tain youse guys have got yer hammer out
a-tryin' to soak him; but he's too foxy
for yer. I'm going to help him out, and
if me pipes are in condition when the en
tertainment comes off I'll be there to
speak my little piece. See! I suppose
them newspaper blokes will try to make
a monkey or me, but as I'm better edicat
ed then half of them I don't care what
they say about me. When I get on the
stage with my old pard. Captain George,
boosting me from the wings they will say
that I'm alright. After the entertain
ment me and George will have a few cold
bots and maybe a warm bird or two. I
caught a ten-spot in the Chinese lottery
yesterday, and when I get the dough I'm
goin' to buy me friend George a pair of
foot-warmers.
"Say, did I speak of George's feet? Well.
I didn't intend to. I'm shot to pieces and
don't know what I'm talkin' about. Don't
think you can jolly me, as I'm dead on to
my job. I shouldn't be drivln' the patrol
wagon, as I was Drought up better. But
wait until you see me and George do a
skirt dance— l mean the living pictures.
Say, I guess youse fellers are right; I'm
a dead one."
DEDICATED WITH
PRAYER AND SONG
BEY. F. I. WHEAT, THE NEW
PASTOB, OFFICIATES.
Park Congregational Church De
voted to the Great Work of
Extending the Tenets of
Christianity.
The structure recently completed to
serve as the place of worship for the
Park Congregational Church was for
mally dedicated yesterday shortly after 3
o'clock. Rev. F. I. Wheat, who has ac
cepted a call to the pastorate and who
left a prominent congregation in Brooklyn
for the purpose, officiated at the cere
monies. He was assisted by Rev. J. K.
McLean, D.D., who delivered a fervid
address; by Rev. William Rader of the
Third Congregational Church, who also
talked briefly on the spread of Chris
tianity, and by Rev. F. B. Cherington,
D.D., pastor of the Plymouth Congrega
tional Cliurch .
.Rev. J. R. Krodgjl spoke of the pros
perous condition of many of the churches
in this city, and argued that this was an
evidence of the interest which people take
in religious matters. The board of direc
tors and the treasurer, F. A. Hatch, then
expressed themselves through the me
dium of the latter, showing that the
church is undergoing a rapid and sub
stantial growth.
Rev. George C. Adams. D.D., made the
announcements for the week, and the
congregation sang a hymn. This was fol
lowed by a special service in which the
deacons participated, and then the new
pastor. Rev. Mr. Wheat, offered the
dedicatory prayer. He acknowledged the
divine aid in all successful human ef
forts and asked that assistance might
always be granted us in all our undertak
ings. He concluded his prayer with an
eloquent appeal for God's mercy and
guidance, and the congregation united in
the singing of the doxology. Benediction
was then pronounced by Rev. Philip
Coombe, pastor of the Richmond Congre
gational Church, and the simple but im
pressive services were concluded.
BOTTLEMEIR'S CONCERT HALL, reopened
with the Union Ladles' Orchestra, 513 Pacific st.
Bishop Nichols at St. Peter's.
Preceding the services at St. Peter's
Episcopal Church last evening three
young ladies were admitted as members
of the Daughters of the King, and Bishop
Nichols, who addressed the congregation,
adapted his sermon to the occasion. He
took as his subject "A law of the spirit
ual kingdom," and compared and con
trasted the spiritual law with the natural
laws. The singing at the service was by
a fully vested choir of boys, young ladies
and men led by J. W. Wilkins.
Had a Good Time.
In arranging his annual outing at Camp
Taylor this year Excursion Agent Locke
divided It into two events, the first of
which took place yesterday, when about
500 people from this city availed them
selves of the popular rates. Notwith
standing the foggy outlook early in the
morning the day turned out fine, and a
delightful outing was enjoyed.
Austrians Celebrate.
The Austrian Military and Benevolent
Association held its annual target con
tests and barbecue at the Germania Gar
dens. Harbor View, yesterday. There
was a large attendance and in addition
to the usual games there were addresses
by President M. Sabadin, A. N. Batchia,
P. Sanlovlch, Jose Dabilich. M. Chibukar,
S. Ralcevich and "Vice-President Burin.
Broadway Republicans.
The Broadway Republican Club met on
Saturday night at Garibaldi Hall. Ad
dresses-were made by County Committee
men McNeir and Sheehan. The club will
meet on Tuesday and in a body join the
Central Republican Club of the Forty
fifth District.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RIBBONS!
We beg to announce the arrival this
week of our NEW FALL RIBBONS, con-
sisting of Double-faced Satin, Plain Taf-
feta, Moire Taffeta, Roman Plaids, Stripes
and Changeable Effects ; also a complete
stock of Colored and Black Velvet
Ribbons.
We invite particular attention to the
following TWO LOTS, which will be found
the greatest values we have ever offered:
400 pieces 3^-inch Extra Quality, Double-
faced Satin Ribbon, cord edge, in all the
new shades.
F*rlce, 35c per Yard.
300 pieces 4-inch, Extra Quality, Double-
faced Satin Ribbon, cord edge, 3O
different shades.
Price, 4Oc per Yard,
Samples of the above Ribbons
will be sent free to any address.
See exhibition of above goods in
oup show windows.
TELEPHONE GRANT 124.
111. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
GOLDBERG
BDWEN
&CO.
!! the average San Franciscan
would take the bother, It wouldn't
require much time, to compare the
prices he pays for food with what
is charged here our business would
grow apace.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Butter— cut up by the pound 2£C
This butter was made in June, when
grass was at its best
_- Mandarin Ne \r, i reg'ly
lea Oolong. Phoenix Chop. V 6oc f/OC
Ceylon, Ancoombra garden ) pound J
These teas are reputation makers for
us as well as for those who serve them
CoCOanilt, desiccated and shredded
Schepp's regularly 30c lb 22£ c
Dunham's " 25c lb 2O C
Make custards, cakes and pyramids
Cherries in maraschino 60C
regularly 70c quart
The perfection of preserving cherries.
Served asa side dessert
Chocolate Menier *£'«» ££»
regularly, lb 45c 65c
special, lb 40c 60c
For eating or drinking
CapSUleS— Anker's boullion 2£C
regularly 30c box of ten
Their vegetable flavor gives a delight-
ful taste other beef tea extracts do not
possess
Pineapple— Booth's sliced 2OC
regularly 25c tin
No eyes, no cores, nothing but the
fresh flavor of the pineapple
Singapore whole, same price
Peach brandy-reg'iy $1.25 90c
An appetizing remedy for ills of the
stomach
Port and sherry 3 bots $2
regularly $i bottle— imported
Pure of course. Old. Good as the
pric-, one dollar, would indicate
Toilet SOap— regularly 25c box 2OC
Three cakes of good soap with delicate
odor, looks, smells and washes like
imported but it's made in America
StOVe mitS-reg'ly 25c 1 r C
Dauber free with each mit. The
stove will be polished oftener, look
better and last longer if the mit is handy
Window screens-re e-ie -iv 25c 20c
Eighteen inches high — open to 24
inches wide
Cigars arrived by express
The first Havana cigars to arrive
since the war ended are here. All
sizes of Africanas, freshly made of
yuelta abajo tobacco, a rare treat these
days
We are now showing the finest lot of
El Reposo we've had since the war
began. They're made of all Havana
r, rco bou^n t sin cc the port opened.
M Reposo will soon come to the front
i . M *![ "^'"entitled to these prices if posted not
later than Wednesday
!:£,%' 2 J 5 Sutter 28o ° California San Francisco
1075 <-lay betwetn Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
iA/. X. HESS,
HOTART POBLIO AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Shekels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Resident. 821 California Bt.. below Powell,
San Francisco.
i- STATJBTVLJBINX
- •■** ■'■■■ .-•■' ■ -■*■"■*' — r-.--wi.i-- ■/''<•'*<)
— -OP THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
N
OB" THE—
NEWZEALAND
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF AUCKLAND, NEW ZEALAND, C..'
the 31st day of December, A. D. 1897. and
for the year ending on that day, as made to th*
Insurance Commissioner of the • State of ■. Call*
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of section*
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed aa
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up in
cash , $1,000,000 M
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $1,336,850 M
Loans on bonds and mortgages 155,425 M
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by c0mpany........... 410,53100
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 103,174 03
Cash in company's 0ffice......... 1,060 00
Cash in banks.... ....:.. 152.283 0*
Interest due and accrued on all -
stocks and loans 7.843 00
Premiums in due course of collection 117,499 00
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 4,600 09
Rents due and accrued 4,118 00
Total assets $2,493,888 00
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of adjustment or " •
In suspense $199,858 M
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $898,219 00;
reinsurance 60 per cent 449,109 00
Gross premiums on marine and In-
land navigation risks; reinsurance
100 per cent...... 151.409 00
All other demands against the com-
pony ...'..... X.578 00
Total liabilities • $5n,942 09
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums ............-...'. JBCT.OIO 09
Net cash actually received for ma-
rlne premiums •• i"".'" "•
Received for Interest and dividends
on 1 bonds, 1 stocks, loans and from
all other 50urce5........... »♦•«« ™
Received for rents..... b9 -" 3 "°
Total income .....:...... MOP* 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In- „
• eluding losses of previous years).. $431.W5 <w
Net amount paid for marine losses ' ' ■ " „
(Including losses of previous years) 652.588 TO
Dividends to stockholders lar.aou w
Paid or allowed for commission or '„,.,.
brokerage ........... — •.............. ».K1 TO
Paid ; for salaries, fees and .other . _ ■
charges for officers clerks, etc.... 198.81S 00
Paid for .: State, national and local
Another' payment's 'and expenditures! . 13s! 687 00
Total expenditure 5.................51,601,852. .51,601,852 "°
Losses incurred t during the year.... $1,074.193 <*
Risks and Premiums. - Fire Risks. Premiums.
N \%Vdu o U ing 0 S 9 a? rU : WO.**,!* *.«».«*«
N P UTduHng f thl Sk yea ce r X : 174.080.018 1.071.817 00
*gjggg^'i n sS7°. r . C . c . De : 151.270:489 898^00
.-- .• - ■' i- . ' Marine .
Risks and Premiums. , Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of risks writ- .„,..,■_ 1755 om 09
ten during, the year.... $117,457,175 1785,068 0»
Netamount of risks ex- „'_, «n« in* 00
Pired during the year.. 119,967,634 S08,«9« »
Net amount In force De- ;", , s1 inn m
cember 31. 1597.. ..-.:.■.: { 24.539,454 151.409 00
J. LOGAN CAMPBELL. Chairman.
F. J. BRASSY, Manager. . f
Subscribed and sworn to t*'?™^^"!, 1 '
day of April. ISM. v
W. P. THOMAS, Manager,
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
Office in Company's Building,
312 CALIFORNIA STREET
SAN FRANCISCO.
Weak Men and Women
■trength to the sexual organs.