VOLUME LXXXIV.— NO. 152.
PHELAN MAKES A MOST ABJECT PLEA FOR MERCY
BETRAYAL
HIS LAST
RESOURCE
THE "HEFTING" MAYOR FINDING HIMSELF FACE TO FACE WITH DEFEAT TRIES TO
AVERT DISASTER BY LICKING THE FEET OF THE MEN HE HAS CALLED RASCALS
Friday morning Governor
James H. Sudd, M. F.
Tarpey and others, rep
resenting Mayor James D.
Pheian, paid a. forma/ visit to
Major P. J. Harney at his resi
dence in the Western Addition
and there proposed that if the
Harney- Rainey Democrats would
assist in the election of Pheian
they would be rewarded by be
ing given one-third of the pat
ronage at the City Hall, and
would besides be given absolute
control of the Committee of One
Hundred. The Harney-Rainey
Democrats are those to whom
Pheian has often referred to as
thieves, scoundrels and black
guards. The Mayor's offer to
turn over the party organization
and a-big portion of the spoils
of dffice was received and
"placed on fife."
The Call has insisted from the be
ginning that Mr. Pheian is not the dis
interested purist which he has pro
resoej m be, but that he was simply
sordid in his ambitions and sought to
satisfy them regardless of fair play or
good faith in his party or with the pub
lic. His place in politics and in the pub
lic eye, and to a degree in the public
confidence, has been won by an appar
ent battle with what he has often de
scribed as the corrupt element in his
own party. This attitude has secured
for him standing in the community
and a degree of confidence from busi
ness men whose interests require a
right administration of public affairs.
As Mayor he has been a slothful offi
cer, mindful of the spectacular oppor
tunities of his office, but wretchedly
neglectful of its administration, which
requires application and industry. His
prestige suffered by his attempt to
oust Supervisors whom he had selected
for nomination, and his gross negli
gence, by which the latest dishonesty
in the city treasury developed in the
presence of opportunity, resulting in
the looting of the deposits in his
charge. To win back the ground he
had lost, Mr. Phelan put his lance in
tilt and rode against what he called the
corrupt forces in his own party. Ke
publicly despaired of an honest pri
mary, because Harney and Rainey
would run it, and in the dust which he
succeeded in raising he built up the i
Committee of One Hundred and en- I
dowed it with all the authority of party i
organization. He put it in motion as a I
county convention to make a delegation
to the State convention, and appeared i
in the latter body to plead that it be
seated, by painting a black picture of
Harney, his general committee, his
delegation elected at an open primary,
and his intentions— if he got the small
est fraction of public patronage. Seat
ing his non-elected delegation by a
promise that his Committee of One
Hundred would call a primary for a
city convention, he returned to San
Francisco, procured of that committee
a refusal to call a primary, and induced
it to organize itself into a city conven
tion for the nomination of a municipal
ticket, of which he is the head.
For a time these acts and professions
of Phelan were taken in good faith by
the people and procured for him much
public sympathy and support. Repub
licans were impressed by his apparent
sincerity and were inclined to support
him. Then came his anarchistic out
break against the State Supreme Court,
which was so brutal, reckless and at
war with every American sentiment
toward the Judicial safeguards of life
and property that his Republican sup
port fell away more rapidly than it had
been built up. All up and down the
streets where our wholesale business is
done and all up and down the streets
where San Francisco retail trade is lo
cated and in shops and ship yards the
attack upon the courts was discussed
ai <1 Phelan was repudiated.
Now Phelan'a ambition is a case of
"intellectual sciatica." and is delicately
sensitive to the draughts. He f. It
keenly the less cordial hail of men who
had recently been warmly familiar. He
Mt the averted face and the absence
of repetition of assurances of confidence
and support, and his sciatic ambition
twinged and ached under the change in
the political wind and weather. He
found it impossible to regain the Re
publican and even the Non-Partis>in
strength he had lost by invoking popu
lar vengeance upon the courts and by
a m-:>st ignorant statement of th« duty
of the bench in interpreting statutes,
and in the agonies of hia suffering am
bition turned for support to the men
and the elements he had denounced
and spat upon. On Friday night he
PHELAN KNEELS TO THE POLITICAL GODS HE REVILED.
and his morning organ arranged for
and procured a conference with Major
Harney and the representatives of Mr.
Rainey. Phelan begged the support of
the elements he had denounced in every
speech, that he drove out of the Sacra
mento convention, bruised by his in
vective and outlawed of all parties by
his vicious ascriptions of crime against
the suffrage. In that conference he and
his organ begged that the Harney gen
eral committee be called together; that
it indorse the Phelan ticket and pledge
to that ticket its support; that it re
solve for party harmony, and give the
votes of its followers to the Mayor and
his self-nominated candidates. In re
turn for this Phelan pledged himself to
give the Harney committee one-third
of the city patronage and to have the
Committee of One Hundred dissolved
GOOD GOVERNMENT
LEAGUE CONFIDENT
Assured of Victory in
Santa Clara.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 29.— Next week will
witness the hottest political campaign
ever conducted in Santa Clara County.
On the outcome depends to a great ex
tent the future prosperity of this city
and county. The struggle will be be
tween the union of reform forces and
the Rea gang. The former is composed
of the Republican Good Government
League, Democrats, Populists and Sil
ver Republicans. Opposed to them are
the gangsters, who, under Rea and
Mackenzie, have been in office and fed
at the public crib for years.
While this ring has been in power
property in the city and county has de
preciated in value and taxes steadily
increased. Intending settlers have been
driven away and business suffered se
verely. Not alone this, but the public
school system has been Injured. The
strike in the High School will serve as
an example, 200 pupils rebelling against
boss rule. The school department in all
respects has suffered. Efficient and
capable teachers have been dismissed
The San Francisco Call
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1898— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
ATTEMPTS TO
BUY THE VOTES
OF DEMOCRATS
after the election, willingly if possible,
and if not probably by act of the State
committee, the Harney general commit
tee to immediately take its place as the
regular and authorized organization of
the party.
To effect this it is agreed that the
Harney general committee shall be
called together next Tuesday to give
its formal adhesion to the Phelan ticket
and to pledge to it the Rainey contin
gent of votes which it controls. To give
this conference with Major Harney an
air of authority and good faith Phelan
procured the presence and assistance
of Governor Budd, whose recent plain
tive appeals for harmony in the party
have been evidence that an astute poli
tician had begun to smell the mold
above the rose of party affairs In this
city. The Mayor and the Governor
and those with political "pulls" given
places. Politics controls the police and
fire departments. In fact, the corrupt
ness of the municipal affairs of San
Jose and Santa Clara County is known
all over the State and is proving a bar
rier to the prosperity and progress of
city and county.
An effort is to be made to change this.
The Good Government League, Demo
crats and Populists have agreed upon
a strong anti-gang ticket and its elec
tion will result in a complete turning
out of the rascals. This union of forces
is more than sufficient to beat Rea's
ticket. The candidates put forward are
of the oldest and best citizens and their
election means a business administra
tion and a new and greater San Jose.
An energetic campaign has been car
ried on through the county for the past
month by the Good Government League
and the Democrats, and both organiza
tions are satisfied that the country dis
tricts will give a large majority against
the gang ticket. This canvass has been
thorough and systematic and over half
of the voters of the county have been
appealed to personally. Commencing
on Monday morning these forces will
begin work on the residents of the city,
besides continuing their labors among
the orchardisid and farmers. Rea de
pends on the city for a large vote to
cut down the majority that will be
rolled up against him in the country.
A house-to-house canvass will be made
and the people shown where a change
will benefit them. There are hundreds
who are in sympathy with the reform
movement and if they dared to would
vote against the gang, but their bread
and butter depend on the latter and
they dare not antagonize Rea. This
class is rapidly deserting the gang since
Rea's conviction of having slandered
Councilman Jarman, and it is believed
that a large number can be educated
in the next week to vote the Good Gov
ernment ticket. Besides meetings in
the outlying towns there will be speak
prevailed as far as Major Harney was
concerned, and it was agreed that an
effort would be made to get the Gen
eral Committee on Tuesday to ratify
the treaty of Friday by which Rainey
is to have one-third of the city patron
age in exchange for enough votes to
make Phelan Mayor.
It is not often that politics furnishes
a newspaper a more reprehensible deal
to expose than this. Mayor Phelan won
his spurs and has worn them by con
stant outcry against the man whose
aid he supplicates in extremity. His
most autocratic and unusual course in
denying the primary was made to seem
reasonable by his picture of the danger
that through a primary the Harney
committee would get power and Rainey
would get public patronage. His morn
ing organ has declared that under Har
ing in the various precincts of the city.
To-night there were lai-gely attended
meetings of the Good Government
League at Palo Alto and New Almaden.
Judge J. R. Lewis and E. A. Hayes ad
dressed the former and L. J. Chipman,
J. N. Days, H. G. Squires and A. T.
Herrmann spoke at Almaden.
The ticket of the Good Government
League is as follows:
Superior Judge— A. S. Kittredgo.
Sheriff— James H. Lyndon.
Clerk— Henry A. Pnster.
Superintendent of Schools— L. J. Chip-
man.
Assessor— L. A. Spltzer.
Treasurer— E. W. Conant.
District Attorney— J. H. Campbell.
Recorder— T. W. TreaJior.
Auditor— A. L. Veuve.
Tax Collector— W. A. January.
Corpner— Martin D. Kell.
Surveyor— A. T. Herrmann.
Supervisor First District— R. M. Phelps.
City Justice— W. T. Aggeler.
San Jose Township: Justices— J. T. Wal
lace and E. M. Rosenthal. Constables— ±t.
L. Heninger and A. G. Hinman.
SATOLLI NO LONGER
IN FAVOR AT ROME
Does Not Enjoy the High Confidence
of the Sovereign Pon
tiff.
NEW YORK, Oct. 29.— According to the
report of an American priest recently re
turned from Rome, whose sojomm in the
Eternal City was one of association with
the most distinguished ecclesiastics con
nected with the Papal court. Cardinal Sa
tolll no longer enjoys the high confidence
of the sovereign pontiff In which he re<
posed during his term as delegate apos
tolic to the United States, hut. on the
contrary, is distinctly out of favor. While
In this country Satolll was supposed to
represent the more liberal policy of the
Catholic church as exemplified by the
Pope himself and exercised here by Gib
ney and Rainey management an hon
est primary was impossible. Phelan
had even gone so far as to say in a
public speech that there should not be
another Democratic primary in this
city until the Legislature passes a pri
mary election law. He had declared
that all these unusual precautions must
be taken to protect the people against
the Harney Democrats, to prevent the
bosses getting patronage and power, to
preserve unsullied the official adminis
tration of the city and to keep in check
the corporations and monopolies. Hav
ing protested too much to the loss of a
support that made sure his defeat, in
abject despair, in the agony of defeated
ambition, in a misery that poppy nor
mandragora nor any drowsy syrup of
the East could ease, he betrayed every
pledge, sponged out every utterance,
bons, Ireland and Keane, who were his
recognized consulters and advisers.
No one in Rome, says this priest, can
or will divulge the reasons which have
reduced Satolll from the supreme ftwor
that he enjoyed. At first on his return
he wns loud, in his praise of the Amer«
lean priestffood and of American institu
tions, but latterly he Is reported to have
said that no one In America was capable
of doing any service to the church ex
cepting the Germans, especially as pro
fessors in colleges and universities. These
statements of the priest seem to be in a
measure confirmed by sentiments ex
pressed in a letter which Satolll ha 3
written to Rev. Charles Maignen, a mem«
ber of the French priesthood, who has re
cently become known as the author of
"Father Hecker: Is He a Saint?"— a vol
ume criticizing Father Elliott's book on
the work and life of the late Fatfcer Isaac
T. Hecker and the foundation of the con
gregation of Paulist Fathers in un
measured terms and denouncing the
type of priest which Father Hecker
represented. In this letter Satolll ex
pressed the wish that the book may ar
rest the progress of the American idea,
already spreading on both sides of the
Atlantic. He says In the letter:
"We hope the good God will a"ssist you
in arresting the most disastrous pest
which has spread its contagion in two
worlds."
HOBSON PROPOSFS TO
FLOAT TWO WRECKS
Says He Can Raise the Cristobal Co
lon and Vizcaya at a Cost of
a Million Dollars.
NEW YORK, Oct. 29.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent says: If $1,
000,000 is placed at his disposal, Naval
Constructor Hobson guarantees to float
! the armored cruisers CristobaJ Colon and
i Vizcaya and dry dock them at either New
i York or Norfolk. Mr. Hobson made this
proposition to-day to the naval board of
construction, and the board took It under
consideration until Monday, when It will
bold another meeting: and reach a «w
GROVELS AT
THE FEET
OF RAINEY
ate cold every profession made and
presented himself, hat in hand, pros
trate before the men by abusing whom
he had built up the gaudy structure of
reform and seated himself on the top!
Men have sacrificed their self-respect
before this far office and power. But
it is a peculiarly contemptible nature
that contents Itself with the externals
of honor and position, gained by bar
ter of all that makes high places pre
cious to a man of honor. Casserly re
signed from the United States Senate
when he was presented with a bill for
votes bought for him by his friends
without his knowledge. He paid the
bribes back, resigned, and with a proud
spirit broken by having worn a tar
nished honor avoided thereafter the
faces of men and lived and died, an
honest man, of wounds to his honor
elusion preparatory to submitting a re
port to the Secretary of the Navy. This
board will consider also the proposition
of the Acme Wrecking Company to float
the Maine, and will report upon it prob-
a Mr. n Hobson told the board he thought
it would cost $500,000 to raise the Colon
and $500,000 to lift the Vizcaya. The job
of floating the latter cruiser would be
more difficult than in the case of the
Colon as it would be necessary to build
a coffer dam around her, pump out tne
water and repair the bottom of the ship
before floating her.
Mr. Hobson stated to the board that
the Vizcaya was a structural wreck, and
it would cost a great deal of money to re
pair her, and this statement also will be
given consideration by the board. Esti
mating a cost of $500,000 to float the ship
and $1,000,000 to repair her, besides the risk
of losing a large amount of money by the
action of a storm, some officials with
whom I talked say it is hardly worth
while to float the Vizcaya.
SEALED ORDERS FOR
BRITISH WARSHIPS
Mysterious Movements of the Ves
sels Comprising the North
Atlantic Fleet.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gor
don Bennett.
BERMUDA, Oct. 29.— The British
cruisers Talbot and Pearl arrived here
last eveninK from Halifax. The Talbot
and the cruiser Alert sailed to-day for the
West Indies. The Talbot arrived off the
eastern end of'the island Friday night,
and was met by a Government tugr with
dispatches and stores. The cruiser pro
ceeded immediately in a southerly direc
tion under sealed orders. The Pallas ar
rived Friday night and is now in dock.
They are working on her night and day.
She will leave for the West Indies, it is
expected, Monday morning. Other dis
position of the North Atlantic fleet may
taka Dlaca at any moment.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
that no medicine could mend.
Mr. Phelan is not of that fiber. His
honor is no sensitive plant, to shrivel
at a rude touch. It is of a wanton and
bawdy kind, that is not easily shamed.
The people of this city now have thia
peculiar case before them. If Phelan
told the truth about Harney and
Ralney Democracy, no honest citizen
can calmly contemplate their reinvest
ment with power. Phelan has called
them the upas shadow on the city, and
has likened them to everything awful
in the physical world. His lieutenants.
Max Popper, Braunhart and McNab,
have used them as a bogy to frighten
the people. Phelan has drawn his
skirts as they passed, and has stepped
over the spot in the sidewalk poisoned
by their shadows. And now, in" the
rank betrayal of all his professions, ha
sends his emissaries and commission
ers into their camp with not only a
flag of truce, but the protocol of a
treaty of amity, comity and alliance,
by which he agrees to ~fve them tha
public patronage which he has insisted
they cannot have without using it cor
ruptly, and to hereafter put the city
in their control, for the new charter
election of 1900, by knocking his Com
mittee of One Hundred in the head
and turning all party authority over to
the organization he has denounced aa
an aggregate jailbird! "Was it called a
treaty of alliance? It is rather tha
terms of a surrender, with the privilege
of retaining his plug hat, as soldiers
stipulate for their side arms. An am
bition for office which seeks such
means for its gratification is unnatural.
It is a political typhoid, a disease, and
its possessor is no more moved by a
desire for the public welfare than is a
sperm whale actuated by a wish to
perfume the locks of women when ha
overfeeds and produces ambergris by
indigestion.
It remains to be seen whether the
Harney and Rainey Democracy will re
ceive the Mayor's surrender. They
have for months been fugitives from
political Justice. Phelan hooted them
out of Sacramento. He called them
tools of the monopolies, minions of the
corporations, despoilers of the people,
bosses, corruptionists and gangsters;
and then when his chances to get office
by denouncing them seem fading away
he and his morning organ and the or
gan grinder and the grinder's monkey
trudge to the lair of the men he had
denounced as bandits and offered all he
had to give if they would make him
Mayor, let him sit in a high place, let
him be looked at by the populace, let
him enjoy dishonorable honors and be
seen of men for two years more! No
other man ever had such an itch for no
toriety as to give so much for. so little.
No man ever climbed down from such
a height to root in the mud for an of
fice, like a hog for truffles which it is
not allowed to eat. It may be known
later on how far this surrender^ ex
tended, whether it invaded the range
of those official institutions which con
cern the public peace and safety. It ia
safe to say that such a, politician aa
the Mayor would not hesitate to bar
gain for the partisan activity of those
divisions of the city government whose
efficiency wholly depends upon their
keeping aloof from politics. Jnto this
bargaining and trading and laying of
himself on the shambles like a mutto-n
chop he brought outsiders, not voters
in this city. It was characteristic that
he should have Mr. Tarpey from Ala
meda to bear the white flag, as he had
imported a registered voter from Sausa
lito to sit in his Committee of One
Hundred convention and vote for him
for Mayor. Whether he had been tell
ing the truth of the Harney and Rainey
Democracy or whether he has been
traducing them makes no difference
now. Be they black as he painted them
their sins are as white as his shirt front
compared with his offense in playing
a part to get public confidence and then
volunteering to betray it by this abject
surrender.
The city will turn with relief from
the spumy mess Phelan has made and
daubed on himself to a clean and strong
man, who is no pretender, who does not
go around abusing the devil by day and
crawling into bed with him by night.
The Harney Democracy is now put to
the test of its self-respect. Phelan
hissed and pelted it into a corner and
has brought the town daily to look at
and hear him Jeer it. No pug puppy
ever took more pleasure in worrying a
cat than Phelan has in towseling that
wing of his party. Now let us see
which way the cat will Jump.
The duty of the city is plain. It will
repudiate Phelan's ambition and retire
him to that privacy which he will adorn
less as an ex-Mayor than he did as a
private citizen before ambition swelled
his self-conceit so out of proportion to
his merit.
No good-Lord-and-good-Devll candi
date who would excite the envy of Dr.
Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and make Janus
shut up shop can be elected this year.
His talent for intrigue survives while
he catches at this straw. His promise
of patronage to Rainey is a shadow.
The substance is the offer of control to
the Harney general committee. But
that is a gold brick. The next Legis
lature will pass a primary election law,
which obsoletes all committees in re
auect to primaries.2
REVISION OE
THE DREYFUS
CASE ORDERED
Court of Cassation's
Verdict.
NO PUBLIC DEMONSTRATION
PARISIAN CROWD LISTENS IN
SILENCE.
Judges Decline to Grant the Applica
tion" for the Prisoner's Release
. Pending the Supplemen
tal Inquiry.
Special Dispatch to Tha Coll.
PARIS, Oct. 29.— The Court of Cassa
tion has decided to graiit a revision of
the Dreyfus case, and will institute a
supplementary inquiry. The court,
however, has declined to order the re
lease of Dreyfus.
At the opening of the court to-day
M. Mornaud resumed his argument in
behalf of the Dreyfus family, Insisting j
that the bordereau was not in the j
handwriting of Dreyfus or an imitation •
by him of the writing of Major Ester- •
hazy. The latter hypothesis, -'counsel !
continued, was absolutely improbable, j
If it was an imitation, the author of it
must be a third party. If it was no im
itation, the author of the bordereau, |
he asserted could only be Major Ester- j
hazy himself. Continuing. M. Mornaud j
pointed out that the honor of the army !
was not involved in the doings of court- |
martials, as, like other courts, they ]
cuuid err without their honor suffering, j
After Mornaud had. closed his argu- }
ment the court retired to deliberate.
M. Yvos Cuyoi. in Siccle to-day, as- i
sens that the secret documents in the!
Dreyfus cage were burned some days
ago. i
The deciskm of the court is as for- |
.lows:
In view of the letter of the Minister of
Justice.' dated September 20. IS9S, in clos- '
ir.»r arguments or the public prosecutor
denouncing to the court the condemnation
pronounced l>y the first court-martial
of the military government of Paris
on December 22, 1894, against Alfred Drey
fus, then a captain of artillery attached
to the general staff, in view of all the
documents in the case and also of arti
143 to 4-lfi of the Code of Criminal
Procedure, amendr-d by the law of June
. relative to the admissibility of:
an application in proper form for rede
cision.
Whereas. The matter has. been brought
before the court by the public prosecutor
in virtue of the express order of tae Min
ister ot Justii ■»•;
Whereas, The application comes within
the category of the cases contemplated
in article -i-t:: and has been, introduced .
within the period fixed by article 444;
Whereas, The judgment, a revision of
Which is demanded, has the force of a
chosen Judge;
Whereas, The doctiments produced do
not place the court in a position to decide
all the merits of the case and there is
ground for making a supplemental in
quiry.
For these reasons the' court declares
the application to be in proper form and
legally admissible, and states that it will
institute a supplemental inquiry, and de
clarea there is no ground at the present
moment for deciding on the public pros
ecutor's application for a suspension of
the penalty.
The Judges of the court were occu
pled for three hours and a half in con
sidering the judgment.
The public, whose admission to the
court was regulated with the greatest
care, awaited the decision with marked
calmness. During the" suspension of
business the public crowded into the
lobbies and there was evident anxiety
to hear th.c verdict. There was no dem- ;
onstration when the court arose.
The decision created no public ex
citement and complete tranquillity pre
vails on the streets.
NEW CABINET MAY
BE COMPOSED TO-DAY
PARIS, Oct. 29.— M. Dupuy hopes to
complete the Cabinet to-morrow. It is
announced that M. de Freycinet has
accepted the War Office portfolio, sub
ject to the proviso that the selections
for the remaining Cabinet officers meet
with his approval.
M. Paul Peyerals, Minister of Finance
in the late. Cabinet of M. Brisson, has
declined to accept the colonial portfolio
on the ground of ill health.
The anti-Semite members of the
Chamber of Deputies have issued a
manifesto to the country declaring
' that the Government of the republic
must be divorced from Jewish in
fluences, "which are ruining It and
subjecting France to the yoke of the
Jews."
BRECKINRIDGE THINKS
HE HAS BEEN ILL USED
Says He Was Mustered Out Because
of His Charges of Mismanage
ment at Santiago.
NEW YORK, Oct. 29.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Major General Jos C. Breekinridge has
returned to his office, after having been
ordered mustered out aa corps commander
at Chickamauga. L'nder this order Gen
eral Breekinridge expected to be granted
leave of absence until November 30. In
the meantime he was directed to report
to Washington. I am informed that one
of the firsi things General Breekinridge i
did after arriving here was to call on ths
President, who did not receive him. It I
is conlidently stated that there is an un- !
pleasant friction between the office of in- i
spector general and that of the Secretary
of War. It is urged with much feeling '
by the friends ' of General BreckinridEre :
that the oruer mustering him out of the !
service was an afterthought and In some
1 degree a sort of punishment for his re- '
. port from Santiago setting forth in vig- '
orous fashion the causes of the raisman- :
agoment there. While at Santiago it ap- '
'pears he incurred tne ill will of General i
Shafter because he sent a dispatch ask
ing for more troops. I am Informed that
on this account the commanding general '<
refused to speak to him for Beveral days.
Although tne utterances of General
Brcckinrldge have been entirely official In
thr-ir character ti.jv seem to have been
unsatisfactory to the administration.
General Breekinridge does not seem to ;
understand his present status. He is
simply waiting for orders with seemingly
nothing before him to engage his atten-
Uon. He did say. however, that from !
certain causes there had been no cohe- |
rency possible In the department of the !
inspector general and that connection be- j
tween the inspector general and his Bub- '
. ordinates during the progress of the war:
had been severed by unseen hands.
Chinese to Be Deported.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 29.— Judge Well- '
born, tn the Federal Court to-day, ordered
that Hong Yet Suey and Pong Ming, a
Chinese man and woman respectively, be
deported to China, they being unlawfully
in this,- country. They are part of the
band of Chinese that was smuggled across
the Mexican border. The case haa been
hard-fought by local Chinese. Chow Gun
Ylng was allowed to remain on a showing
that she is married to a local merchant.
SIGNIFICANCE
OF THE RETURN
OF MARCHAND
Tends to Clear Away
War Clouds.
HAS FRANCE BACKED DOWN?
BRITONS STILL BELIEVE HE
WAS RECALLED.
Paris Papers Profess to Have Little
Faith in Russia's Aid in
the Event of a
Conflict.
Copyrighted, 1898, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, Oct. 29.— The arrival of
Major Marchand at Khartoum, on his
way to Cairo, with the portion of his
report which was not finished when
Captain Baratier left Fa«hoda, is re
garded as a rift in the clouds overhang
ing Anglo-French relations, for, in spite
of the semi-official denial issued in
Paris that orders were sent to the
major to go to Cairo, it is fully be
lieved here that the French officer
would not be on his way to Cairo un
less he had received a hint to that ef
fect from the French Government, which
considers that his leaving Fashoda will
take the sting out of the situation, and
at the same time prepare France for
the eventual withdrawal of the whole
expedition, which now consists of seven
officers and 120 men.
The British view of the latest move
is that the Marquis of Salisbury and
his Ministers are delighted to afford
Major Marchand the facilities for
reaching Cairo. But they would
hardly care to send him back except
in the capacity of a guest or scientific
explorer. That is to say, France will
first have to renounce her principal
claims based on his mission.
In the meantime in the voluntary re
turn of Major Marchand, the French
Minister of Foreign Affairs, M. del
Casse, and the Government of France
have got over a great difficulty from a
diplomatic amour propre point of view.
M. del Casse had declared that the
French Government could not do the
impossible— that is to say, recall Major
Marchand. Therefore the latter's re
turn has enabled the French Govern
ment to "save its face" as the saying
goes. It is recognized, however, that
even if the tri-color of France is hauled
down at Fashoda, the main subject < f
dispute remains and may cause anx
ious moments in both countries before
the Bahr-el-Ghazel question is settled,
although there has been a confident
feeling for the last few days that war
will be averted. The French Minis
terial crisis at first increased' the feel
ing of anxiety which prevailed as to
the prospects of a peaceful solution;
but in the list of probable Ministers
the British newspapers'eee a body pf
experienced and capable men who are
able to lead French opinion.
The retention of M. del Casse at the
head of the Ministry of Foreign Af-'
fairs, however, is not regarded favor- !
ably, as he is the father of the March
and adventure.
An instructive account of the origin
of the whole enterprise appears in an
important Paris paper, JJe Journal,
which says the Marquis de Mores, the
Anglophobe, French explorer, who was
assassinated in the hinterland of Al
geria, really conceived grandiose plans,
which he submitted to M. del Casse,
who fell tn with his view:) and dis
patched Major Marchand to the Upper
Nile, while De Mores started for the
Sahara with the avowed hope to con
quer, with the co-operation of March
and, the province of Bahr-el-Ghazel.
The plan of campaign included the or
ganization of all the armed peoples op
posed to Great Britain, and included
even the co-operation of the Khalifa,
whose forces, led by Frenchmen, would
attack the British, and the Khalifa,
backed by the French explorers, would
thus interpose a buffer between Egypt
and Central Africa, thereby thwarting
British aims. De Mores and his party
were massacred at the outset of their
journey, but Marchand succeeded in
carrying out his part of the plan, and
there is reason to believe the French
Government now wishes he had not
done so. As the Eclair says to-day:
"Major Marchand returning? Why
then did we go to Fashoda? In order
to play the game we played against the
English we ought to have had a navy
capable of making a brave show
against the English, instead of which
the fossils of our Navy Department
have left us incapable of fighting with
honor."
French newspapers seem to have lit
tle faith in Russia helping her ally in
the present crisis, while Russian dis
patches to the British papers affirm
positively that the Czar is decidedly
opposed to war, and has counseled the
FVench to abandon their untenable at
titude. It is even said that the Czar
has characterized the French attitude
as reckless.
The rumor from Paris of the inten
tion of the British Government to de
clare Egypt under the protectorate of
Great Britain has attracted little at
tention, as the general feeling is that
the moment is clearly inopportune for
such a step. It would be only playing
into the hands of France. There is
talk, however, of Great Britain adopt
ing extreme measures toward the Khe
dive of E«™Dt unless he rnodifleß his at
titude. It is well known that he re
turns from each of his visits to Euro
pean courts filled with sinister* ideas
against British tutelage. I3ut every act
of petulaiicy has been met with an iron
hand. It is asserted that the Khedive
Abbislimi has shown no capacity for
government and is a mere puppet in
the hands of Frenchmen. Consequently
It hap be'en mooted that he is soon to be
deposed in favor of his. brother. Mo
hammed AH, who was born in 1875. and
who is a brighter and more amiable
youth.
General Wesley Merritt and Mrs.
Merritt are still in "London. Mrs. Mer
ritt is suffering from typhoid fever. Al
though her condition Is not serious, her
sickness will necessitate her remaining
here for some time.
NOT A DEATH IN
THE NEVADA CAMP
Battalion of Volunteers Mustered
Out in Splendid Condition
Physically.
CARSON, Oct. 29.— The'Nevada Infantry
Battalion, United States Volunteers, was
mustered out to-day. The official report
of the health officers have not been made
public, but the fact is known that of the
416 men in camp during four months not
one death occurred ■ and nearly all the
men leave the service In perfect physical
condition. Their robust appearance is in
marked contrast to the emaciated ap
pearance of the Nevada troopers, who
nave returned from camps in other States.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1898.
SICK SENT HOME
WITHOUT SURGEONS
Some of the Abuses at
Camp Thomas.
WHAT TWO CIVILIANS SAW
LOCAL PHYSICIANS TESTIFY AS
TO AN INJURED SOLDIER.
An Army Officer Tells the War Board
That the Sanitary Conditions
Were Exceedingly
Bad.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
CHATTANOOGA, Term., Oct. 29.—
Major Edward T. Comegys was the first
witness before the War Investigating
Commission to-day. He was medical
purveyor here during the existence of <
Camp Thomas. He stated that there j
had never been any delay in the filling
I of his requisitions on the surgeon gen
eral, and that he had always been able
to meet all requisitions upon himself.
Major Comegys admitted that he had j
refused to fill some requisitions from j
the hospital of the Second Division of i
the Third Corps because satisfied the
articles demanded were not D eded. He
accounted for the sicknes. in Camp
Thomas by saying the men did not
know how to take care of themselves. |
"They seemed to think," said he,
"that when they had put on their uni
forms there was nothing else to do;
that they could simply enjoy them
selves and their officers ould do the ■
rest."
He thought the colonels and regi- |
mental surgeons were to blame.
Lieutenant James M. Arrasmith, who !
acted as chief commissary of subsist- '■
: ence for Camp Thomas, said that,
. while in the beginning there had been i
: some congestion on the transportation ;
I lines, there had never been any short- '.
i age of supplies. There was constantly j
: on hand an average of 1,500,000 pounds !
;of rations. The rations were the best j
i he had ever seen issued in many years' ;
I experience. He thought the principal :
trouble was in the matter of cooking.
Lieutenant Arrasmith said the sinks ',
; were very badly cared for, and that the
' stench around the camp at night was ;
simply stifling. He also said the disci
pline was very slack. The witness con- j
sidered Chickamauga a natural camp- \
ing site, but said there were more men j
in it than there should have been. Some i
of the volunteer regiments never took i
down their tents during their entire ;
: stay, and there was general negligence
of cleanliness and sanitation. He did
not accept the theory tha' the forma- ;
tion of the ground was such that the
| sinks could not be made deep enough, i
j There was, he said, a general improve- j
i ment in the camp after General Breck
! inridge took command.
Drs. BaxXer ami Boyd, local physi- '
i cians, were "called to testify in regard' toj
; the case of Sergeant Frank, who died'
here during the summer as the result !
■of a railroad accident. Dr. Baxter said \
: that, notwithstanding the man was in !
a state of profound, shack after the.ac-.
' cideiit, Dr. Samuel D. Hubbara. sur- '
{ geon of the regiment, insisted upon re- i
I moving the wounded man to Chioka
: mauga Park. The man died on the way j
! out, as he (Baxter) had predicted he
; would.
Dr. Baxter told of one train of Wis
! consin sick which he had seen on its ;
■ way home without a medical officer or 1
• medical supplies.
The commission closed its sittings
here to-night by hearing the testimony
of some residents, stating their obser- ;
vation of the condition at Chicka- j
mauga Park while the troops were
■ there, and giving their conclusions as
to the causes of the sickness of the j
i soldiers. They defended the climate as :
salubrious and healthful, and generally
; attributed the prevalence of disease to
: the habits of the volunteers.
J. C. Howell. railroad station agent, i
! told of an instance in which fifty-four
, sick men, being part of the Wisconsin !
! command, had been placed on a train j
i and started to their homes without !
: medical supplies or physicians and \
without furloughs or transportation j
papers. They were taken off trie train i
at Chattanooga and their wants ad
', ministered to by members of the relief
: societies.
Ira J. Hannes, a private, acting as a
I member of the Hospital Corps, who
said he had been a practicing physician
ta Louisville, Ky., for eight years, was !
' examined on the lines of a communica- i
tion he had sent to the commission. In |
this communication he had charged
that patients had been treated for ty
\ phoid fever when they plainly had i
! pneumonia. He said there were several
■ such patients, and he gave the name of j
| Vincent Flora of the Third Illinois as |
i one of them, this, he said, being as
' plain a case of pneumonia as he had
! ever seen. Upon being pressed he modi
; fled his statements, saying that he had ?
i no consultations with the physicians as ;
: to their line of treatment. He said, j
i however, that he considered some of i
' the physicians incompetent. He also j
i charged that appointments were made ,
]in the hospital upon political lnfiu- |
i ence.
Dr. F. B. Stapp, a local physician, !
detailed a visit to the hospital of the >
i Second Division of the Third -Corps in ;
I August, saying he had found it over- j
crowded and dirty and with no phy
i sicians in attendance at the time. Dr. |
Stapp said he had seen a great deal of j
drunkenness among the soldiers in the .
j city, but he had never hSerd of any I
special effort to close the saloons and !
other places of vice. He had seen j
I drunken soldiers lying in the streets,
i and he was sure much of the sickness
! at Camp Thomas was due to the habits
of the men.
MASSACRED BRITISH
SOLDIERS AVENGED
Five More Mussulmans Who Partici
pated in the Crete Outbreak
Put to Death.
CANDIA, Island of Crete. Oct. 29.— Five
more of the Mussulmans convicted of tak
ing part in the massacre of British sol
diers on September 6, were executed to
day on 'the same spot where the seven,
earlier victims met their fate. In addition,
four Bashi-Bazouks have been sentenced
to twenty years' imprisonment at hard
labor. Since the departure of the Turkish
troops a number of additional guilty Mus
sulmans have been discovered in Italy.
! It appears that the Turkish officers appro
j priated the valuables looted by their bol
diers.
Arrested for forgery.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 29.-August Geiser,
50 years of age, who says he Is a cook
by profession, and that he came from
Los Angeles, was arrested to-day for for
gery. He is alleged to have uttered a
number of fraudulent checks in this clty
and in Washington, Yolo County, to
which he had forged the name of Mohr &
Yoerk, a local meat packing firm. Th£
checks called for small sums of money.
The police say Geiser is wanted in Peta
luma also for forgery.
Advances made on furniture and planoa, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
PREPARING TO
OCCUPY CUBA
President Confers With
Alger and Corbin.
WILL NOT CHANGE THE DATE
AMERICAN DISPATCH BOATS
ENTER HAVANA HAItBOR.
Military Commissioners Begin the
Work of Taking an Inventory
of the Spanish Ord
nance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29.— The Presi
dent, Secretary Alger and Adjutant
General Corbin had an extended con
ference to-day, the principal topic un
der consideration being the occupation
of Cuba. There is no disposition to
change the date. January 1, fixed for
the assumption of control by the United
States. The questions discussed to-day
related mainly to transportation, ships,
equipment, landings and camps. The
reports of the Cuban Military Commis
sion and the army board appointed
to investigate and locate sites were
considered.
General Lawton, who has been for
some time Military Governor of San
tiago province, was present during a
portion of the conference, and gave
the President some information con
cerning conditions in Cuba. The re
ports of the board to select sites in
cluded a list of articles which would be
immediately necessary, and the de
partment has ordered the issuance of
advertisements for them. Colonel
Hacker and Colonel Lee, the latter
quartermaster with the board, have
been ordered to Washington to report
more in detail and to assist in the pre
parations for the embarkation of troops
to Cuba.
During his conversation with General
Lawton the President expressed his
gratification at the victorious conclu
sion of the campaign in Santiago prov
ince and at the manner in which the
officers and men conducted themselves.
HAVANA, Oct. 29.— The dispatch
boats Scorpion and Mantero are in
port, having arrived here yesterday.
The second engineer of the Mantero
died recently at sec of heart disease.
The Marianio beach landing place has
been definitely selected, and work on
the landing stage began this morning
under the direction of Captain Craw
ford of the engineer corps.
The Colonial Congress was dissolved
yesterday by decree of Captain General
Blanco.
Captain Brooks has been assigned by
the United States Military Commission
ers to make a detailed inventory of
every gun mounted on the fortifications
of Havana. The captain began work
this morning, in company with two
Spanish officers appointed by the Span
ish side. This is the first step taken by
the commission to investigate on its
own account the ordinance existing
here. i
The relief supplies of J:he Red Cross
steamer City of San Anronio have been,
so far, distributed as follows: Sixty
tons at Cardenas, twenty tons at Colon,
twenty tons at Jogellanas, twenty tons
at Navagas, ten tons at Union de
Peyes, ten tons at Sabanilla, forty tons
at Santo Domingo, twenty at Sagua la
Grande, sixty at Santa Clara and
twenty at Guanabacoa. All the hos
pitals and asylums at Matanzas have
also received medical supplies and
stores.
The Civil Governor of Havana re
cently ordered the removal of all the
beggars who are infesting the public
thoroughfares. They will be taken
to homes, hospitals and asylums desig
nated for that purpose.
The work of removing the beggars
has commenced. They w^ere placed in
closed wagons, which, however, did not
turn out' to be satisfactory convey
ances. The beggars proved to be most
unwilling passengers, opening the back
doors of the vehicles . and taking to
their heels as soon as the drivers
turned their backs. Consequently the
first attempt to free the streets and
public -places of hordes of professional
mendicants was entirely unsuccessful.
But to-day the Civil Governor will un
doubtedly enforce stringent regulations
which will accomplish the beneficial
result proposed.
POSTOFFICE ROBBED
BY A LITTLE GIRL
A Staten Island Child Proves to Have
Perpetrated a Daring
Crime.
NEW YORK. Oct. 29.— Charged with a
crime that only the boldest cracksmen
attempt— robbing a United States post
office—Katie Boose. 12 years old. Is a
prisoner at the police station in West
Brighton, Staten Island. After search
ing for the bold cracksman John Smith,
a detective, to-day arrested Katie Boose.
Through a small window opening from a
storm lobby at the rear the thief had
gained entrance, took tha money from
the drawer, which was forced, and tore
open letters. When Katie Boose was ar
rested she made a clean breast of her
wickedness.
"I didn't think I was doing very
wrong," she said, as tears flowed down
her cheeks and she sobbed hysterically.
"I only wanted money, because you can
buy so much with it."
Until Uncle Sam decides what to do
with this youthful burglar she will be
cared for by the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children.
INVEIGHS AGAINST THE
POLICY OF EXTENSION
Governor Chandler of Georgia Op
poses the Acquiring of
New Territory.
ATLANTA, Ga., Oct. -J.— Allan D.
Chandler was inaugurated Governor of
Georgia at noon to-day. In his address
he said:
"Not content with the extent of our
magnificent national domain, we are
reaching out thousands of miles for the
islands of the sea, with their heterogen
ous population, and there are those In
both political parties who would reverse
the policy of the country and enter upon
an- expansion scheme of colonization as
have the countries of Europe, which will
necessitate an immense standing army
and a large and costly navy. It will not
do for us to wander too far Into the
realms of experiment. Our safety Is in
conservatism and a rigid adherence to
the precedents of the past. This is espe
cially true of the people of the South. We
should resist all dangerous Innovations.
We should cling to the constitutional
right of local self-government, the sure
anchor of our safety, and oppose in every
legitimate way the increasing tendency
of, the Federal Government to encroach
upon the rights of States."
!■ Cleveland Well Shaken.
CLEVELAND. Oct. 29.-Three distinct
j earthquake shocks were felt In this city
j early to-day, each being about ten sec
ond In length. The shocks were not severe
enough to be noticed in general. The
trend of the waves were in a northerly
and southerly direction.
AMERICAN LOSSES
DURING THE WAR
Disease More Deadly
Than Bullets.
OFFICIAL FIGURES GIVEN
A TOTAL DEATH ROLL OF LESS
THAN 3000.
Statement of Commissioner of Pen
sions Evans of the Fatalities
Among Soldiers and
Sailors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Oct. 29.— Commissioner of
Pensions H. Clay Evans, who is in this
city, states that up to September 30
the war with Spain had caused the
loss of 2906 American soldiers and sail
ors. He further declares that the sta
tistics of his office show that the per
centage of deaths in camps from dis
ease during last summer was much
less than it was during the Civil War.
Commissioner Evans being asked for
further particulars, spoke as follows:
"During the Rebellion 40,000 men were
killed in battle and 360,000 perished in
camps and prisons. From official fig
ures which have recently been com
pleted, covering a period from May 1
to September 30, I find that the total
number of deaths as a result of the
war with Spain was 2906. Of this num
ber 107 were officers. At Santiago the
loss of life was twenty-two officers and
222 men. This is an average of one
officer for every ten men. At Cardenas
one officer was killed. Since the bat
tles on Cuban soil sixty-one men have
died of wounds received in service.
"The total number of American sol
diers that have died in camps from dis
ease are eighty officers and 2520 priv
ates, or an aggregate of 2600. This is
remarkable, in view of the terrible cli
matic disadvantages, but it fully veri
fies the soldiers' adage that disease
kills more men than bullets. There
have been 600 claims for pensions filed
to date as a result of the war.
"In the Cuban campaign the loss of
so many officers is accounted for by the
fact that Spanish sharpshooters hid in
the trees and dense foliage used
smokeless powder and picked off the
officers with ease. Some of the wounds
received by officers were remarkable. 1
recall one case in particular— that of
Captain Knox of the First Cavalry.
The captain was shot in the back. The
ball penetrated his kidney, liver and
lung and broke two of his ribs, but he
is alive to-day, and the President has
promoted him."
Commissioner Evans says the loss of
life resulting from the destruction of
the Maine in Havana harbor will be
placed on the same basis as mortality
in battle. He holds that the general
law providing for Indemnity to sailors
and soldiers in the Federal service will
apply to the explosion at Havana.
"Thus far only fifty-five claims have
been presented from relatives of the
boys who went down with the Maine,'*
said the Commissioner. "Every one
of them will be pushed through. It la
no more than right that the dependents
of the men who went to watery graves
in Havana Bay should be provided for
by the United States Government."
CALLS THE WAR
A REVOLUTION
Severe Strictures of Har
vard's President.
PROFESSOR NORTON'S TALK
AEMRICANS WERE DEVOID OF
SENSE.
The Whole System of Government
Must Be Reorganized to Meet
♦he Changed Condi
tions.
Special Dispatch to The Call-
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Oct. 29.—Pro
fessor Charles Eliot Norton, in an ad
dress before the Graduates' Club of
Harvard College, expressed sentiments
which are likely to arouse as much dis
cussion among Harvard men and oth
ers as has followed many of Professor
Norton's recent utterances.
The speaker's subject was "The New
American." In the course of his re
marks he reviewed the conditions which
made this republic In many ways an
experiment in the history o-f democra
cies. Continuing-, he said:
"No one would have thought the
American Nation so devoid of sense as
to go to war In the beginning of the
hat season in a tropical country, and
without any adequate preparation to
carry that war to a succesful issue.
"This war was a revolution. The old
America came to an end with the dec
laration of war. The new America
threw over many of the old ideals which
have been maintained by this old Amer
ica and substituted for them those of
the other nations of the world. We
must make up our minds as to the new
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Danger
In the Fall
There is danger to the health in sud-
den changes, warm days and chilly
nights, decaying vegetation, low water
and prevalence of malarial germs.
Hood's Sarsaparilla is needed. It puri-
fies and enriches the blood, sending It
through the veins in a warm, nourish-
ing, health-giving stream.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. $1; six for $5.
Hood* Pills act easily, effectively. 26c
$3.65
GREATEST SALE
FOR THIS WEEK.
Beginning to-morrow, October 31, we place on sale 10 cases of large
size White California Ail-Wool Blankets, made of extra fine quality wool,
silk bound in very pretty borders, at the unprecedented price of
$3.65 a Pair.
t • Actual value $5.50.
$1.85
10 dozen extra large size Bed Comforters, silkoline covered in very
pretty designs, filled with extra quality fine white cotton, nicely tufted.
Regular value $2.50. On special sale at
31.85 Each.
Sheets and Pillow Cases.
Made of good standard quaiity sheeting, torn by hand, dry laun-
dered, ready for use.
| f\ r EACH— IOO dozen Hemmed Pil-j
IUC low Cases, sizes 45x38}*. Regu-
lar value 15c.
|C r EACH — 50 dozen Hemstitched
**'^ Pillow Cases, 45x38^. Regular
value 20c.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED.
D^O<£O<s>O<S>O<S>O<S>O<£O^O<B>O<?>O<S>O-»O4>^O<^O<?>C) ?>o<£o<?>o<S>o<*-'o<§>o<*>C"s>o«><
conditions. We are to be a military
nation. Moreover, all brutal tendencies
will be encouraged by the recognition
of force as the last appeal by the cen
tral Government itself.
"And, too, entanglements with other
nations must arise. Meanwhile we havo
no leaders, hence we find ourselves with
great responsibilities and no guidance
for the ignorant, uninformed, inflam
mable populace, and we are allowing
events to carry us into the most dan
gerous situations. The whole system
r /^___^____hS__3^N_v«i I r7/y£ftfl9 Wll_hk^B jf"*'"'*""S niP Fj
/_f_lft_ffi''9ll_ff'--"l'__fl___fifo_R, ' _iv^ <^^'^v_fl_l_fl_____H_n]i__P__H_u_m\ * ' L— rr _ _ _ — ._. _ . j ■
i ■'' Jill f *<I^lmLJl _?f/' •' > ** L< ** I**1 '** ** Jf\j*_^*_*_l
I)»ira3!*!^ .7ll^§|
HUDYAN is the greatest remedio-treatment that has ever
been produced by .any combination of physicians. It curet
prematurity. The HUDYAN remedio-treatment cures the dis-
eases and disabilities of men. It is a remedio-treatment for
men only. It cures nervous weakness, spermatorrhoea, losses
and pimples. HUDYAN cures depression of spirits, bashfulness,
inability to look frankly into the eyes of another. hUDYAN
cures headache, dimness of sight, weak memory, loss of voice,
HUDYAN cures stunted growth, dyspepsia, constipation. HUD-
•YAN cures weakness or pains in the small of the back, loss of
muscular power, gloomy, melancholy forebodings. HUDYAN
can be had from the" doctors of the HUDSON MEDICAL
INSTITUTE, and from no one else. You need HUDYAN when
the facial nerves twitch, as there is certain to be an irritation at
their centers in the brain. You need HUDYAN when there is a
decline of the nerve force, because this decline shows a lack of •
nerve life, which may develop into nervous debility and then
possibly into nervous prostration. If you have harassed your
nerves, if you have knotted or gnarled them, if you; have abused
. your nerves,' the best thing for you to get is HUDYAN. You
can get H U DYAN only from us. HUDYAN •' cures varicocelo,
hydrocele, dizziness, falling / sensations,' despair, sorrow .and
misery. Consult the HUDSON doctors about HUDYAN in
their offices— they occupy a building of thirty rooms— or write
; for circulars and testimonials of the great HUDYAN. Call for
information or write for circulars and testimodials free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE
Ellis, Market and Stockton '.-Streets,
«AN FRANCISCO, CAU
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$3.65
Extra !
Extra !
$1.85
'/£*7 li-» 50 dozen Full-size Hemmed
y » L Sheets, size 81x90. Regular
value 55c. %
C*7/-» 50 dozen Full-size Hemstitched
*" V " Sheets, size 81x90. Regular
value 65c.
of government needs to be revised and
reorganized. The pension list Is a list
of corruption and has increased the na
tional indebtedness.
"Is there nothing to be done? The
situation is to be met with courage and
a determination to eret the best out «f
a bad case. "We must divun-c th« gov
ernment of these dependencies from
politics or else they will- become dens
of corruption."
Professor Norton advocated leaving
the Philippines to the care of Spain.REPUBLICANS
CERTAIN OF A
SAFE MAJORITY
Will Have Wor^iog Cor>trol of
Congress Over th)e Allied
OppositioQ.
Forecast of the Coming Elections Indicates That
California Will Gain Three Representa
tives and One Senator.
NEW YORK, Oct. 29.— Careful and
unbiased reports from every
State in the Union indicate that
the next Congress will be Re-
publican. The Senate will be
Republican by a small majority and the
House of Representatives by a majority
of between fifteen and twenty. There
is nothing in the situation anywhere to
Indicate either a Republican or Demo
cratic landslide, but the unexpected
may happen. All experienced politi
cians agree that landslides come as
surprises, and there is an ominous feel
ing of unrest in the middle West, as
■well as in the rural communities of the
East.
Reports from Pennsylvania indicate
that notwithstanding the bitter efforts
made against Quay his Republican can
didate for Governor, Stone, will be
elected, though by a largely decreased
plurality. A remarkable campaign is
being carried on in New Jersey. The
indications are that Foster Voorhees,
Republican, will be elected Governor by
a slight majority and that the Legis
lature will be Democratic on Joint bal
lot, thus returning James Smith Jr. to
the United States Senate.
In Connecticut the Republicans will
probably elect Representatives in every
district.
New England bids fair to present its
usual unbroken Republican front.
In the middle West there are con
flicting reports. The Democrats claim
they will make a sweep there, but the
chances are not favorable to the ful
fillment of this prophecy.
On the Pacific Coast the Republicans
more than hold their own. The effect
of the sound money victory in Oregon
Is felt by the Republican party in Cali- :
fornia, which will elect the Governor.
Democratic silver fusion will win in
Kansas, South Dakota and Nevada. I
Michigan, the State of General Alger, j
Secretary of War, will probably main
tain its Republican position.
In Ohio there is no probability of Re
publican reverses, although the Demo
crats are making boasts of gains in
some Congressional districts. The Re
publicans and Populists have united in
North Carolina and claim they will con
trol the Legislature. This is disputed
by the Democrats, who claim the Leg
islature and also insist that they will
have a solid delegation in Congress.
But the fight of the year i 3 in N-ew
Tori.- State. The ej es or the country
are upon the spectacular contest be- 1
tween Theodore Roosevelt and Au
gustus Van Wyck for the governor
ship. It is a great struggle between
cities and rural localities. The Repub
lican apathy which threatened Roose
velt with an overwhelming defeat two
• weeks ago has very largely disap
peared. In the county of New York
the situation has been complicated by
the introduction of the issue that the)
Judiciary must be independent of po- \
litical control. This may or may not i
be a factor in influencing votes for the I
governorship. The Democrats will make j
gains in the State Senate and also in !
the Assembly.
In New York there would seem to be
hardly any doubt that the Democrats !
will capture several seats that are now !
occupied by Republicans. Captain i
William Astor Chanler is carrying !
on a fierce and spectacular campaign !
against Representative Lemuel Ely !
Quigg, chairman of the Republican :
County Committee, and fully beJieves
he will beat him.
The United States Senate will also re
main Republican. The Republicans may
gain a Senator from California, but
the Democrats in that State say they
will not do so. In the present Congress
there are 204 Republicans, 122 Demo
crats, 15 Fusionists, 12 Populists and 4
Silverites. A canvass indicates that
the complexion of the next Congress
will probably be 193 Republicans, 143
Democrats, 8 Populists. 12 Fusionists
and 1 Siiverite. Thus the Republican
control of Congress is apparently not
in any danger, and the Republicans will
etillhave a working majority over the
Democrats and other parties.
The Democrats in Pennsylvania are
hopeful that the hot fight that is being
carried on there against Quay candi
dates by John Wanamaker and the Pro
hibitionist forces wil result in the over
turning of some of the districts that are
regarded as surely Republican, and the
triumph of the Democratic Congres-
Eional candidates.
In Indiana the Republicans are confi
dent they will at least retain their pres
ent strength in the House. The Demo
crats are equally confident that they
will increase theirs. Advices from con
servative sources Indicate that there
will be some changes in the make-up
of the Indiana delegation.
In Illinois, where the Democrats have
but three representatives now, they
ADVEBTISEICENTS.
CATARRH CURED
FOR $5.00 A MONTH,
MEDICINES FREE.
THE ENGLISH cu AN german expert
iiJi n ,h.« . . Ure Cata »Th. also Consump-
tion In the first an<l second stages and Chronic
plsea*es generally. They have been "stab! Ished
•or 26 rears and are Incorporated unAcr Vh»
twe of California for $250,000.
Free Consultation and Advice.
(Uso treatise on any disease at office or by mail.
ENGLISH AND GERMAN SPECIALISTS,
731 Market St., San Francisco, Ca!.
TAKE ELEVATOR. Hour*. 8 to 5 'dally
Evenings, 7 to 8. Sundays, » to 11. '
maintain they will hold these three and
Sain six more. As a result of the split
among Republicans in Wisconsin, the
E>emocrats contend they ought to gain
a Representative or two.
Kentucky Democrats insist that they
will gain two Representatives. Those
in North Carolina declare they will gain
one.
With the aid of correspondents all
over the count— the Herald has made
a canvass of the probable outcome of
the pending election in various States.
From reports the next Congress may
look something like this, compared with
the present. For convenience sake the
classification is made under the three
heads — Republicans, Democrats and
Populists:
Fifty-sixth '
(Next)
STATES.
Congress. |
'•- ;
P.
D.
P.
!• '
Alabama
1
Arkansas
■
....
California
;
i 2
[Colorado
2
Connecticut
...
...
Delaware
i
1....
....
....
Florida
.....
! Georgia
;....
....
v
....
Idaho
Illinois
L...
....
— i
m
.....
....
Indiana
....
i
.....
| lowa ;
•
Kansas
•
Kentucky
i
i Louisiana
; ....
! .... I
i Maine
I Maryland
i
Massachusetts j
....
Michigan
....
....
=....
Minnesota j
....
....
....
Mississippi I
:
....
Missouri
....
Montana [
;
i
I
■
....
Nebraska 1.
Nevada J,
-i
H
-
....
....
•
New Hampshire j
i -
....
....
New Jersey I
I !
......
...
....
New Tork .A
.-
i ...
North Carolina. 71
'
North Dakota. i
.
....
....
Ohio
...
j....
Oregon i
....
....
Pennsylvania j
....
-
....
Khode Island
1....
I
....
....
South Carolina .
m
.....
.....
South Dakota .
■
Tennessee
i
Texas
Utah
i :
I
.....
Vermont
Virginia
....
....
....;
, ...
Washington j.
! "
l i
"West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming :
...
....
....
!-...
• "
Tota.l«
130, 25
The United States Senate will also re
main Republican. The Republicans may
gain a Senator from California, but the
Democrats say they will not.
In New York the Legislature will
elect a successor to Senator Murphy,
i and the Legislature in New Jersey will
elect Senator Smith's successor.
These States will elect Senators:
California. Connecticut, Delaware,
Florida, Indiana, Maine, Maryland,
Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota,
Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Ne
braska, Nevada, New Jersey, New
York, Nfcrth. Dakota, Ohio, Pennsyl
vania, Rhode Island, Tennessee. Texas
Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington,'
West Virginia, Wisconsin and Wyom
ing.
The forecast shows the next Senate
to b&;
! \
STATES.
n
I
l
0
c
i
2
<
IV
o
-
c
I
Alabama
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Con nee
Delaware ;...
Florida
Georgia
Idaho • •
Illinois ,
Indiana ■
lowa :
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana ..
Maine .".
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan • •
Minnesota-..
Mississippi
Missouri •
Montana .
Nebraska. .....
Nevada - .\
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New York ..'......»Tn;j
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oregon '..' -
Pennsylvania ;.....
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee '. ...
Texas - ••
Utah :.-.;-. V.X
Vermont .'. *
Virginia
Washington :.. .'.
West Virginia
Wisconsin ;...:......
Wyoming . ...;
....
"2
1
2
2
2
1
1
2
2
2
2
2
2
'V
1
2
2
....
2
2
2
....
....
!....[
"i"
2
....
••••:
....
....
■ 2
....
....
....
:::
....
....
....
1....!
....
....;
....
....
.....
i
i
2
E
:::
....
:::
i....
....
....
....
:::
i
i•• • •
:::
....
!--i
2
1
1
' 1
1
; 2 :
2
2
2
....
i
"i'
i —
....
....
i'
....
"i"
....
....
"t"
■■■■■
....
....
I
....
....
h
2
2
1
2
....
T
....
....
....
....
....
....
"i
•T
....
....
....
-2
•■-•-•.
1
1
1
....
"i"
l
..
....
Totals I
The present Senate Is: Alabama,
Democrat; Arkansas, Democrat 2; Cali
fornia, Republican 1, Democrat 1, re
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1898.
tiring Senator Democrat, next Senator
Republican; Colorado, Republican 1.
Silver 1; Connecticut, Republican 2,
| Republican Senator retiring, successor
[ Republican; Delaware, Democrat 2, re
': tiring Senator Democrat, successor
j Democrat; Florida, Democrat 2, retir
ing Senator Democrat, successor Dem
ocrat; Georgia, Democrat 2; Idaho, Re
publican 1, Populist 1; Illinois, Repub
lican 2; Indiana, Democrat 1, retiring
Senator Democrat, next Republican;
lowa, Republican 2; Kansas, Repub
lican 1, Populist 1; Kentucky, Democrat
1. Republican l, Louisiana, Democrat
j; -Maine, Republican 2, retiring Sena
tor Republican, successor Republican;
Maryland, Democrat 1, retiring Demo
crat, next Republican; Massachusetts.
Republican 2, retiring Senator Repub
lican, successor Republican; Michigan,
Republican 2, retiring Senator Repub
lican, next Republican; Minnesota, Re
publican 2, retiring Senator Republican,
successor Republican; Mississippi,
Democrat 2, retiring Senator Demo
crat, successor Democrat; Missouri,
Democrat 2, retiring Senator Democrat,
successor Democrat; Montana, Repub
lican 1, Silver 1, retiring Senator Ke
publican, successor Republican; Ne
braska, Republican 1, Silver 1, retiring
Senator Silver, next Silver, Nevada,
Populist 2, retiring Senator Populist,
next Populist; .lew Hampshire, Repub
lican 2; New Jersey, Republican 1,
Democrat 1, retiring Senator Democrat,
successor Democrat; New York. Repub
lican 1, Democrat 1, retiring Senator
Democrat, successor doubtful; North
Carolina, Republican 1, Populist 1;
North Dakota. Republican 1, Democrat
1, retiring Senator Democrat, next
Democrat; Ohio, Republican 2, retiring
Senator Republican, successor Repub
lican; Oregon, Republican 2; Pennsyl
vania, Republican 2, retiring Senator
Republican, successor Republican;
Rhode Island, Republican 2, retiring
Senator Republican, next Republican;
South Carolina, Democrat 2; South Da
kota, Silver 2; Tennessee, Democrat 2,
retiring Senator Democrat, successor
Democrat; Texas, Democrat 2, retiring
Senator Democrat, successor Democrat;
Utah, Democrat 1, Siiver 1, retiring
Senator Silver, successor Silver; Ver
mont, Republican 2, retiring Senator
Republican, successor Republican; Vir
ginia, Democrat 2, retiring Senator
Democrat, successor Democrat; Wash
ington, Republican 1, Populist 1, retir
ing Senator Populist, next Populist;
West Virginia, Republican 1, Democrat
1, retiring Senator Democrat, succes
sor Democrat; Wisconsin. Republican
1, Democrat 1, retiring Senator Demo
crat, successor doubtful; Wyoming, Re
publican 2, retiring Senator Republican,
successor doubtful. Republicans re
tiring 12, Democrats 10, Populists and
Silver 4.
These States will elect Governors:
STATES.
Gov.
resent
New
Gov.
Pr'b'ble
Colorado !Dem. 'd. & F
i I
D. & F.
California >Dem. jßepn.
Idaho |D. &F. Same
j Kansas iPop Fus.
I Michigan ißepn. Repn.
Minnesota JRepn. Repn.
I Massachusetts Repn. Repn.
New York ....|Repn. Repn.
New Hampshire Repn.
I New Jersey Repn. jlndoubt
Nebraska Pop. 'Fus.
Nevada Silver ißepn.
North Dakota Repn. Repn.
Pennsylvania Repn. Repn.
South Dakota iFus. Fus.
South Carolina Dem. Dem.
Tennefesee Dem. Dem
Texas IDem. |Dem.
Wisconsin Repn. ißepn.
Wyoming IRepn. |Fus.
Supplemental Register Opened.
MADERA, Oct. 29.— In the Superior
Court to-day Judge J. K. Law of Merced,
sitting for Judge Conley, handed down
a decision in re the application for an
alternative writ to compel the County
Clerk to issue a supplemental register
containing the names of all voters who
registered between eighty-five and fifteen
days prior to the election. He held that
all persons who registered prior to fif
teen days before election were entitled
to vote. The writ was granted, thereby
adding 119 names to the great register of
this county. The case will not be ap
pealed.
Caßtroville Will Go Republican.
SALINAS, Oct. 29.— The Republican
meting at Castroville last evening was
the largest ever held in that place. The
speakers were F. F. Davis and F. Domin
guez of Los Angeles. Despite the fact
that Castroville ever since its foundation
has given large Democratic majorities, it
will this year go for Gage and Neff and
the balance of the Republican ticket.
This will be the greatest victory for the
Republican party in Monterey County.
Buys the Tyler Acres.
RED BLUFF. Oct. 29.— Half of the fa
mous Tyler estate, situated eight miles
south of Red Bluff, has been sold to
Charles Tate of Tehama. Tait has bought
me property for $26,000, and it is under
stood that he leases the other half.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Love that Alters.
" I<ove Is not love that alters when it alteration
finds."
That is one of the sublimest lines in all
literature. It is the final definition of love
by the world's greatest reader of the human
mind, — Shakespeare. Nearly all women
who truly love, love in this sublime way.
Men seldom do.
Woman's most glorious endowment is
the power to awaken and hold the pure
and honest love of a worthy man. When
she loses it and still loves on, no one in
the wide world can know the heart agony
she endtires. The woman who suffers
from weakness and derangement of her
special womanly organism soon loses the
power to sway the heart of a man. Her
general health suffers and she loses her
rood looks, her attractiveness, her amia-
bility and her power and prestige as a
woman. Dr. R. V. Pierce, of Buffalo. N.Y.,
with the assistance of his staff of able phy-
sicians, has prescribed for many thousands
of women. He has devised a perfect and
scientific remedy for women's ailments. It
ia known as Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescrip-
tion. It is a positive specific for all weak-
nesses, diseases, disorders, displacements,
irregularities, and debilitating drains pe-
culiar to women. It purifies, regulate",
strengthens and heals. Medicine dealers
sell it, and no honest dealer will advise
you to accept a substitute that he may
make a little larger profit.
"I was afljicted with kidney trouble and I
have always had a torpid liver." vrritea Mr*. E.
Crosswhite. of HufiFau. Erath Co., Texas. " When
I commenced your medicine I was not able to
stand on my feet. I used one bottle of Dr.
Fierce'! Favorite Prescription and five vial* of
his 'Pleasant Pellet*. ' lam now well. I had
not walked in four months when I commenced
the treatment, but in tea days I was able to
walk everywhere-"
ft
NUMBER— IO
What's absorbing man's attention to-day is the
approaching election and the individual man's ap-
pearance. The appearance we take care of. Why
shouldn't we ? We're the only institution in America
that devotes eight floors exclusively to male apparel,
and one of the tomes among men to-day is the attrac-
tive suits that we're offering— the ones that have got
that chic and grace that show they're cut and made
by tailors that know how to build swell clothes. The
colorings are fashionable, of course, bordering on
neatness — not loud clothes, but fashionable ones, and
the price the smallest price ever quoted for good
clothes.
TEN DOLLARS.
It's worth a few minutes of your tirm to gizi in our Big
Corner Window and set thone Overcoats that are mtrked JtlO ;
they'll surprise you. The prettiest of tan shales in Coverts,
satin piped; the prettiest of blue, black and brown Kerseys,
shoulders of saHn, sleevz linings of satin, body lining of fine
worsted — the kind of Overcoats that have that hang and grace
thxt give them the appearance of artists' models. You know
we're King Pins for Overcoats. These at
TEN DOLLARS.
a
brownish ; you know our clothes are swell clothes, and
it takes a small amount to own 'em.
TEN DOLLARS.
•444444.4444 4444444«
+ We're showing up som n very +
+ swell ideas in Si?k Vests for 4
4 men — that new. high-cut, dou- +
■*" ble-breasted Yest — very swell. "*"
You should have one of 'em. *
•4444444444 4444444«
9, 11, 13, 15 KEARNY STREET.
SPECIALISTS ON MALE APPAREL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
a
Now we're not going to attempt to indulge in any lengthy
Sunday sermons by taking your time up with a lot of pratings
about how good we are and what we have done in the past; just
want to show you in our picture above what a handsome little
winter coat we have created for little fellows between the a^es of
3 and 10. It's a masterpiece in children's finery; it's made
from fine brown Venetian cloth, deep shade and braided just as
you see it in the picture.
Having had the reins of leadership so long in our hands,
wresting ih n m from the others, we feel perfectly content in
knowing that our efforts are appreciated in creating such high-
class styles as we have this season.
The picture above is one of them, only one of them; there's
hundreds of others equally as pretty, but you m>ust see 'em.
a
Then the suits.
We'll keep you
busy for quire a
time showing
you some of the
prettiest Worst-
eds you ever
laid your eyes
upon: silk strip-
ed lining, in the
coat. silk striped
'ining in the
vest, silk striped
lining ■ in the
trousers..
If the Worst-
eds tire not to
y our liking,
why, then, one
of those highly
\ popular
Blue Serges
in the
Electric Blue
Shadi
It's dressy at
an'/ time, and if
not a Blue
Serge, why,
then, a Cheviot
in neat mix -
tures, in gray-
ish effects, in
Another spr-
J^^V jC^) ctaJ /or Mon-
{^S^\ f those pretty
•A «• v / ?* dd 2/ suits, ■
fcial for Mon-
day will bealo-
f those pretty
middy suits,
which ice faith-
(jfciM \\Y fully . illustrate
n^/.| \U\ opposite ; made
"• Hull from high-
grade blue chev-
iot, in a very
novel fashion like all our goods;
they're swell.
For such a pretty little suit,
cap included, for little chap*
between the ages of 4 and 12,
we say for Monday only,
$3.98.
PA ut 200
.pretty little
.«. \ 1 . suits, as swell
V 1 ' Bk r % -'A as • any thing
Bm^'iVM cclrv possibly be,
inlE7*^flßj which we at-
? tempt to picture
f^^^Sf^fi opposite; in
I ~~f.'^^f4 X pretty bluet ;
I n -m L also mixtures.
\^l JuL^ Suits worth all
\ YV^*y^:^jf 1 the way up t •
1W | / ,JB .'ss and r their
itn\ j It) ' vests are mar
■ V T*&§s.-j v els of beauty
*-|pk ' They will I
> 1 \i^ specially tick '
rJr* eted Monday.
$2.98.
KEARNY ST.
M£ FRISCO BOYS. •
Monday's feature is illus-
trated right opposite; it's a
long-trouser Sailor Suit — one of
the prettiest effects in blues that
we have shown in many sea-
sons. It has the flaring blouse,
the wide sleeve, the /plaited
sleeve. The Chevron is just as
you see it in the picture. In
fact, it's a masterful conception
of a sailor suit. You can have
it with white flit braid; you
can have it with black flat
braid. A lanyard and whistle
go with every suit. The sizes
ran<se for little tots 3 years to
12.
Now, that this suit shall be
complete in all detail, we have
taken one of our very steeliest
Tarn o' Shanters in blue, ivith
pretty patriotic emblem on it
and say for both suit and Tain,
beginning Monday,
$4.45.
Another Mon-
Jau feature
will be a lot of , /^*L.
pretty blue As- . /wy^i
trachan H?ef- vfifif "*^l
ers, made, with **r-—^^
broad, flaring /^^^^^^.
revere. Toucan ££b ffiSZzfi k,
have 'em with M|pK^g|
sailor collar as §g|lM##M
well. It'sapret- ®^^^MW
shade of blue i&^ssso.
and a very swell
coat. For little w jT I
chaps between IfA II
the ages of 3 IJJ v—
and 10. On-^m ||
Monday these Iffl; pi
$3.98.
Quite an at' /\ \vvv V\
tractive lot of ml Xv^ 1 f\\
Young Men's i I \V ij\\
Suits; sizes 12 l-"!^*]f3: T \7
■010 _ years. jjgT i
Neat \ coloring* MffW /I VI
i)i blues, browns »l/ /I
, -such ; suits aft / I '
ou'dpay $6 : or MM I 1
:*7 for in other illi :• I B ;
- l oreB. : ; ' • I H /
.Monday will ■V-l /I
iid ' em* tagged %] jLj..
34
UNIVERSITY STUDENTS UNITE FOR REPUBLICANISM.
"Rah, rah-yah,
"Rah-U. C. Berke-rah,
"Stanford, Berke-rah .*•
It was the old time clashing of yells that woke to wildest enthusiasm
and stirred to sounding cheers the thousand students of California's two
big universities and the thousand friends that they had brought with them
to Woodward's Pavilion to aid them In their splendid ratification and expo
sition of Republicanism.
It was the clashing of the yells and the lines twixt 'varsity and 'varsity
were as clearly drawn as they have been on many a hard-fought foot
ball fleld, but on the main proposition there was accord at least twixt
U. C. and Stanford.
On two sides of the hall the delegations from either institution were
drawn up in solid phalanx, the "Profs" and their wives and daughters at
the front and doing their good share of the "rooting."
From both sides of the hall the old time sarcasms' were bandied and
g-ood natured derision tossed back and forth. And all of this was kept up
right blithely until the business of the evening was begun. Then shone out
the real and not the counterfeit spirit that binds these two big institu
tions of the Greater West.
Berkeley's speakers were marched to the rostrum to the quickstep of
Stanford's band and Stanford's orators were cheered and lauded to countless
blushes by rooters of the Blue and Gold. Football fields^ debates and field
days were sponged out of memory and the men of the two colleges, with a
great good fellowship, united on the vital and the real life that they are
living. In the face of a country's need, in the light of a new century, on
the threshold of an unknown and unsoundable epoch of prosperity they
clasped hands over factional jealousies and schoolboy rivalries to unite in
a eulogy of country and party.
To the Chief Executive they paid high tribute and to his splendid
statesmanship that has opened to them at a time when theycan make best
use of them, opportunities such as no mart In times past has had. And to
the needs of the times and to their critical condition they gave the weight of
their eloquence and the depth of the college man's perception.
Upon the issues of the day they were united, and there was no discord
ant note nor anything but the white heat of political enthusiasm In which
the men of both colleges merged and worked out their ends.
The old pavilion was dressed in its gayest; flags and buntings and flow
ers everywhere typified the spirit of the evening. On a rostrum hung over
with the national colors were ranered the speakers, the glee men and a half
dozen of those who were particularly honored as wise wights of the creed.
Before it Stanford's band of forty and odd nieces was ranged, and they
did much to help along the rackety enthusiasm of the night.
General Barnes, whose speech will live in the memories of the men who
heard it, had stowed himself away among a dozen of the more sedate of
the members of the two faculties, but he was hunted out and marched to the
speakers' stand between the ranks of a thousand men who leaped to their
feet to greet him.
Republicanism's "nigh leader" settled into his seat with a smile of su
preme contentment. He told the boys later that It was Kis happiest day in
years.
It devolved upon Professor C. A. Dunniway of Stanford to bring order
out of the din before him. The Stanford band was doing its worst to drown a
ripping Berkeley yell, and it was ably assisted In its fell Intent by the full
delegation of Stanford rooters. In the excitement of the moment profes-
Bors and others of like Ilk were forgotten, but when the gavel finally made
itself heard the classroom quiet of the last recitation hour settled over the
hall and the audience stood to hear Professor Dunniway announce that It
was his pleasant duty," etc., for all the world like any one of the score
and more nominees who have become veterans of the stump in the last few
weeks.
But Professor Dunniway's little speech was not like hi» beginning. It
was the voice of the university speaking, not for office, but for politics in the
highest and purest; politics as the synonym of all that is good and right in
the lives and affairs of men. And those of Stanford and Berkeley listened
with an attention that did not lag to the end of his say.
"It is my very pleasant duty," said Professor Dunniway, "to give you a
few words of welcome. You know that it Is often said that a university man
in politics is like a bull in a china shop, but that, like a good many sayings
of its sort, I hold not to be true. The university and the university man are
always in politics. Politics in its true sense, I mean. The general idea of
a man who is in politics is that he Is out for an office. In that sense we are
not In politics, but of it.
"I think that it is a sign of the best progress that the university men
are coming out to claim their rights and place in the nation's politics.
"Look at these opponents of ours Bprawling over three platforms. And
look at the ideas that are embodied in these platforms.
"Every man who does not believe in the theory of the single tax; every
man who thinks that California should vote to uphold President McKinley;
every man who believes in good sound money on a gold basis and not in
this 16 to 1 nonsense, or in fiat money, as one of the three parties would have
it, is in duty bound to vote the Republican ticket In November."
Professor Dunniway was not allowed to make way for his successor
without bowing to the plaudits of the blue and the gold and the frantic ap
plause of his own excited charges, but the announcement that a veteran of
the older institution was to speak brought quiet.
Hon. William R. Davis. U. C, class of '74, was announced as the presi
dent of the evening.
"I thank the student bodies of these two grand institutions of this
later day for assigning me as one of those who are to speak. It is a happi
ness that you younger men cannot understand to see the youth of both
institutions here to-night with not one note of discord, and giving their
best thought to the questions and principles and needs that are of our
glorious Government of to-day. It augurs well for the nation when the
flower and best intellect of its youth takes up the problems of its govern
ment.
"This spirit of accord is as it should be between two institutions of
kindred aims that are both anchored in the granite of State and individ
ual bounty.
"Politics such as you pursue will work to your own betterment and
the uplifting of all that shall certain to your later life; but there is one
thought that rises to my mjnd, and of Its im-^rt I wish to warn you — Woe
to him who shall ever attemut to introduce partisan politics into these
universities.
THE BLUE
AND
GOLD AND
THE
CRIMSON
THE SA>, i ._ .^LtCO CAJLL, SUNDAY, OCTOREB 30, 1898.
COLLEGE
MEN
APPLAUD
PARTY
LEADERS.
"There are sources of learning and institutions of learning that do and
should always stand up far above all parties and platforms, and such are
these two universities. A second thought is that out of these two institu
tions is to come the grandest manhood and womanhood of the nineteenth
century, the men and the women who are to guard zealously and make
the most of the God-given promise that is opening before us with this new
era. Berkeley and Stanford are two unquenchable torches, that are light
ing your way to this era of the bright future. Stay in the light
"There are three well defined lines of our civilization. The first began at
the Atlantic seaboard. Its signal points were Portland on the north, Sa
vannah on the south. It overflowed the Alleghenies, and the second line
was drawn down the broad Mississippi, and the third was last drawn, not
on our coast, but out over the waters to include Hawaii and the Philippines,
and in this last line lies your work and your future."
A stirring song by the Stanford quartet was followed by C. E. Reith,
U. C, 00. who unmercifully grilled the "Little Giant" and held up the
record of his course in Congress. He said that in 1888 Maguire abandoned
Democracy and told the party that if they wanted his support they would
have to adopt his fads and crankisms.
"And that," said Mr. Reith, "is the reason why Mr. Maeruire is again sup
porting Democracy, or, rather why Democracy is supporting Mr. Maguire."
C. S. Chandler, Stanford '99, stated that the Democratic party of to-day
is of undoubted anarchistic and socialistic tendencies. He spoke in scathing
terms of the attacks that Maguire and his ilk have made, upon the Supreme
judiciary, and pointed out that in attacking the integrity of the courts they
were attacking the foundation of the Government itself.
R. C. Daniels, U. C. '99, followed Mr. Chandler with an expose of Ma
guire's peculiar- course with reference to the so-called funding bill. Mr.
Daniels spoke by the book and was warmly seconded by his audience.
Mr. Daniels gave way to Herbert Dam of Hastings College of the Law.
It was Mr. Dam's special province to defend the Supreme judiciary against
the unwarranted attacks made by Phelan and Maeoiir* and their consorts.
In a clear <mt exposition of plain, written law he showed conclusively
that the charges made have been logically impossible of truth.
S. G. Bailee, Stanford '99, referred to an attack made by a student from
Stanford on Justice Van Fleet UDon the occasion of the Democratic stu
dents' meeting a week ago.
"That young man," said Mr. Bailee, "I know for a fact has never read
or been informed of the decision of which he pretended to speak. They also
say that our university is dominated by Maguire and those of his creed.
The truth is that ths Stanford Maguire Club has fifty members, while the
Gage Club is staggering along under a load of 300."
There was another good campaign song, this time by the Berkeley Glee
Club, and Chairman Davis rose to announce General Barnes, Than that
■which was tendered to- California's greatest orator there has never been a
more generous, heartfelt reception.
General Barnes had waited upon applause for a chance to speak on
many a big occasion, bat never before has it gone to his heart as on last
evening. "When he could command his voice, he said:
"I came here to-night to listen to these young men from the univer
sities. There is no man alive who thinks more of young men than I do.
There is nothing so splendid as youth. Nothing so. grand and beautiful as
a pathway on which the sun shines alwayg and over which a cloud neves
floats.
"The young man of to-day is lucky to bi born when he was. He stands
on the doorstep of the most wonderful century /that the world ever saw.
In the last hundred years steam has been mad% to do our bidding; the
lightnings have annihilated space and contracted the size of the world;
we have almost harnessed time itself. And yet the century to come, I do
not hesitate to say, will be a greater in progress than the one that is about
to close.
"Remember that this nation of ours has expanded from the lines
that our fathers drew at the Mississippi, not to the Pacific's shore, but be
yond, to Hawaii and 3000 miles farther to the Philippines; that our nation
has grown in a hundred years from a people of 3,000,000 to a people ot
100,000,000.
"You young men will see things that we have never seen. "We have
seen a severed nation, rent and torn and divided against itself. You have
seen it too, but with Its bonds reunited. You are living In it to-day — you,
the one grand, glorious and really free people of all this globe. This has
been a wonderful epoch, but the one to come is a greater. I wish I could
live to see it, but I cannot. You can though and you shall, and I am glad
to see you fellows of the universities taking the interest you are in the
questions of the day.
"Since this campaign began I have been through nearly every county
in the State. I have stood under the snows of Shasta and I have stood and
looked from San Diego across the line at the table lands of Mexico. I dont
know how it is, but every campaign that comes along I am dragged out to
do duty. I cannot help working for the old party, for I love it. But this
campaign has been of particular interest and I have enjoyed It. I have
been in this campaign and Judge Maguire knows it. I am the Judge's night
mare. He never goes to sleep but he sees my face, he never wakes but he
prays for immunity from sudden death, fire, flood and Barnes.
"He is the loneliest man of this campaign; from place to place he travels
alone. The people turn out. look at him, like the prospect and go away
again. I have been through this campaign, and Maguire knows it. He said
the other day that if I would go and take a kindergarten course In single
tax he would argue it with me. Well, I've read everything little Maguire
ever wrote on it, and if that is not a kindergarten course I don't know
what is.
"I do not hesitate to say that Mr. Gage will beat Maguire by from 10,000
to 20,000 votes. I can pronounce Magulre's chance dead. The remains will
be on exhibition until November 8, at which time interment will take place.
You will kindly omit flowers.
"The most amusing thing I have ever seen is the real old Populist. A
genuine Populist, one of the sort who swallows everything. He knows of
the combination that Maguire made with his -arty and of the promises
Maguire made, and ever since he has been coming forth with his ears awag
to hear this giant say something about the good old fads and fool notions
of the Populists, and he hasn't heard one yet.
"And there are a good many of these good old Pops who have learned
what Maguire is, and there are a good many more who were Republicans
once, and they are coming back home. They are going to be grood Republi
cans again. They have told me so at every meeting. But I have yet to
meet the man who has left the ranks of grand old Republicanism. Of the
faces that I have learned to love in a quarter of a century of work for the
dear old party not one is mlasing."
The general closed with a denunciation of Maguire and his alleged
Democracy that carried hi 3 hearers off their feet, and 'mid cheers from a
thousand throats he made room for Henry T. Gage, who had arrived late
from Oakland.
Mr. Gage had not much to say, nor could he have said much that would
have been heard through the deafening cheers that greeted him. It was
simply a pledge .to the people's best interests and an assurance that party
success in the coming election is already a fact.OFFICIAL
RELATIONS
RUFFLED
Germany and Russia
at Outs.
WHY THE CZAR IS DISPLEASED
RAPPROCHEMENT WITH GREAT
BRITAIN DENOUNCED.
Emperor William's Visit to the
Orient Said to Be an Attempt to
Undermine Russian Influ
ence in Tuxiiey.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, Oct. 29.— The official rela
tions between Germany and Russia
have been ruffled recently. This fact,
although denied by the Government or
gans, was obtained from a person in
high authority, and one of the most
striking proofs of the accuracy of the
statement is that Count Muravieff, the
Russian Minister of Foreign Affairs,
has just visited Paris and Vienna, but
Ignored Berlin. The German news
papers remarked this, and have com
mented on the omission.
Other significant facts are the almost
outspoken hostile tone of the entire
Kussian press, in which the rapproche
ment between Germany and Great
Britain is described as an underhand
piot against Russia, which the latter
is justified in keenly resenting, in view
of her friendliness to Germany in
China in the recent tariff negotiations.
Moreover, Emperor William's visit to
the Orient is characterized as an im
pudent attempt to undermine Russian
influence in Turkey and the position of
the orthodox church in Palestine. The
Kussian clerical authorities fear Ger
man Protestant rule in Jerusalem,
where the orthodox pilgrims are ten
times more numerous than those of all
other creeds together. It is said that
Kussia, in order to counteract the
Anglo-German agreement, has come to
a closer understanding with Austria,
by which those two countries and
France will jointly oppose the increas
ing influence of Germany in the Orient,
and will in no case permit Turkish ces-
Bion to Germany.
The bulk of the German newspapers
express the opinion that Emperor Wil
liam's trip will yield little tangible
good, but will create much jeaiousy
upon the part of the interested powers,
Avho will endeavor to destroy any Ger
man projects in Asia Minor. The Ger
man comic papers are also poking fun
at the Emperor and his. new crusade,
leading in some cases to prosecutions
on the charge of lese majeste. The police
confiscated the last number of Simpli
cissjmus owing to its publication of a
poeni entitled, "In the Holy Land,'
ironically congratulating Palestine on
ing such august visitors, and
paying Golgotha will be able to boast
not only of hearing the last words from
the cross, but the first of Emperor
William's.
The German newspaper correspond
ents with Emperor William highly
praised the lavish hospitality of the
Sultan of Turkey, which, however, has
created intense dissatisfaction. Pla
cards have been posted on the mosquea
and in the streets of Stamboul, de
nouncing the extraordinary sums spent
on the Emperor, which money, it is
further pointed out, comes out of Mo
hammedan pockets.
It is said the Sultan offered to pre
sent Emperor William on the occasion
of the latter's arrival at Jerusalem
with. the famous "chamber of the last
supper," but the German Emperor
thanked the Sultan and declined the
proposal on the ground that the build
ing also contained Turkish religious
relics. The Emperor, it is further as
serted, will get some other valuable
present instead.
Another report says the Sultan in
sisted upon paying the entire expense
of the Emperor's tour out of his own
private purse.
The German newspapers, . in asking
for a denial of this report, declare that
while the Emperor was at Constanti
nople he had for reasons of foreign pol
icy to be the Sultan's guest, but they
added that as soon as his Majesty set
foot in the Holy Land as a Christian
pilgrim there was no longer anything
in common between him and the Sul
tan, and he could not remain the lat
ter's guest.
It appears that the progress of the
Emperor and Empress through Pales
tine has been very fatiguing, especially
to the Empress. There has been plenty
of color and picturesque tableaux, but
the heat has been intense. The jour
ney on Thfursday was especially try
ing and the terrific hot march lasted
thirteen hours. The Turkish cavalry
escort lost four horses.
Their imperial Majesties have been
receiving addresses from the German
colonies at each town thiy have vis
ited.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i "Hop I
I Fiend" f
I I
j' That human . wreck, com' jg
to monly known as a "hop »
I fiend," in other words, the jj
m opium smoker, as well as «.
$ victims of other drugs and »
$ alcohol are recalled to the w
I positions in life that God in" «
A tended them to fill if they jg
| will but $
I Take the I
I Keeley i
2 Write Today %
i k
♦ THE KB LEY INSTITUTES, j|
% 1170 Market Street, San Francisco < >
A DonoDoe Building;. m
A Lankernblm Building, Third and $
/8- Spring 5t8.,L.0» Angeles. < )
/* Fred A Pol.ock, Manager. $
CELEBRATION
OF PARNELL
ANNIVERSARY
Dublin's Chief Event
for the Week.
THE SEVENTH OF THE KIND
AN UNUSUAL DEMONSTRATION
IS SUCCESSFULLY HELD.
Monster Procession Headed by
Mounted Men and the Memorial
Car Guarded by Foresters in
Picturesque Costumes.
BY J. J. CLANCY.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
DUBLIN. Oct. 15.— The celebration of
the Parnell anniversary has been the
principal event of the week. When it is
remembered that it was the seventh of
the kind, it was undoubtedly a remark
able demonstration. The Parnellites. of
course, outside LHibJin, the other large
cities and towns, and some counties are
in a minority; yet every October for the
last stven years 26,000 or 30,000 people have
come up from the provinces to join in the
procession through the streets of Dub
lin to Parnell's grave in Glasnevin, and I
do not believe that anything of the kind
has ever taken place in honor of any
other Irishman, living or dead. This year
I learn that the exact number who trav
eled by railway alone to Dublin was 23,400.
To this throng Dublin city and county
added its usual multitude. It would be
difficult to say how many people alto
gether were in the streets, but probably
I should not exaggerate If I put it at over
100,000. The procession was headed by a
contingent of men on horses, after whom
came the memorial car drawn by four
horses^ and guarded on each side by
mounted Foresters, who wore their pic
turesque costumes— hat with white
plumes, green coats trimmed with gold
braid, white buckskin breeches and long
top boots. The car was constructed for
the lirst anniversary demonstration, and
every year, on the eve of the procession,
it is elaborately decorated with flowers
by a committee of ladies. This time
infinite pains must have been bestowed
upon it, for it was a really artistic floral
monument. Behind the car there came
on foot the members and ex-members of
Parliament who stood by Parnell at the
time of the split in IS9O, or who have since
been elected on Parnellite principles.
Then followed, in a long array reaching
over a mile, corporate representatives of
Dublin and other cities in their munici
pal robes, the Dublin Fire Brigade, fully
accoutered and equipped for action, or
ganized deputations from various places
with bands and banners, and finally an
apparently interminable line of "outside"
cars, carrying women as well as men.
The procession took over an hour in pass
ing a given point.
When the memorial car was within a
quarter of a mile of the historic ceme
tery of Glasnevin the bands which had
hitherto played joyous or martial airs
broke out into mournful music, to the
strains of which the processionists filed
into the beautifully laid out grounds of
the City of the Dead and walked around
the mound where the remains of the
great Irish leader lie. This plat is in the
immediate neighborhood of the O'Connell
Round Tower and the Cemetery Church.
It is a spacious circular mound, which
was unused for forty years, but in the
famine times many were buried in it who
died of starvation and cholera. It is now
covered all over with lloral wreaths, the
grass te kept carefully cut, the passages
through it graveled; right in the center
Is an iron cross, which marks the head of
the coffin; and around it is a handsome
iron railing erected at a cost of £400 and
painted dark green. Certainly no grave
In Giasnevin is so beautifully kept. I
may add that it is so kept not by the
cemetery authorities, but a committee of
ladies, one or two of whom attend to it
personally every Saturday throughout
the year, in the depth of winter as well
as in the height of summer, and have
done so ever since October, 1891, a circum
stance which is only one of many which
show the intensity of the personal devo
tion which Parnell inspired and which
seems destined to outlive him for many
a day to come. I may remark, too, that
those who do not feel that devotion seem
to be more attracted to the grave of Par
nell than to any other spot in Glasnevin.
It is constantly the resort of visitors
from all parts, and it is a commm sight
to see persons attending funerals make it
a point to visit it before leaving, al
though those who do so must have per
formed the same pilgrimage a hundred
times before. To return to the proces
sion, it only remains to add that it
passed through the cemetery in perfect
order, returned to the city and then broke
up, the greater portion of the visitors
from the provinces leaving for their
homes by the evening trains. On the
whole. I repeat, it was a wonderful dem
onstration, considering that it was the
seventh of a series, that a large propor
tion of those who attended traveled from
remote places, and that it is only two
months since many of them traveled the
same distances to take part in the great
demonstration in honor of Wolfe Tone.
For several years past it has been the
custom of the Parnellite leaders to hold a
convention of their supporters on the day
following the procession to Glasnevin,
and on this occasion the custom was duly
observed. The meeting was held in the
public halls of the city, under the presi
dency, as usual, of John Redmond, Si. P.,
who was accompanied to the platform by
several of his parliamentary colleagues,
by the Lord Mayor of Dublin, the Mayors
of Cork and Kilkenny, and other men
prominent in public life in various parts
of Ireland. Considerable interest at
tached to the proceedings, because it was
understood that at least two subjects
which are much in people's minds just
now would be dealt with— namely, the
question of national reunion and the atti
tude that should be adopted by National
ists in the coming elections under the new
local government system. The conven
tion did deal with both. On the latter
subject the unanimous view was that Na
tionalists ought everywhere to make sure
of a majority, but that subject to secur
ing a majority the "Loyalist" minority
should everywhere be accorded a fair and
even a liberal representation in the new
elective bodies. In other words, it was
deemed advisible to make the new
councils, as far as possible, stepping j
stones to home rule, but at the same
time, by not boycotting capable men be
longing to the anti-Nationalists' minor
ity, to secure the successful working of
the new system, and to show the oppo
nents of home rule that they would have
nothing to fear from the restriction of
an Irish Parliament. This moderate atti
tude has, as far as I can see, been gen
ally approved. On the question of re
union the decision was unanimous too.
Every one who spoke expressed himself
in faVor of reunion, but contended time
two conditions were essential— first, that j
it should commence from the bottom, not
from the top; that it should begin with
the people, not with the parliamentary
parties; and second, that it should be an
independent or Parnellite principle. A
union of parliamentary parties, under
present circumstances, was deemed im
possible, as it would simply mesm the
subjection of the Parnellltes to the sway
of a larger body between whom and
themselves, it is contended, there is a
wide difference in policy. But the con
vention at the same time saw no objection i
to co-operation between the parties in
Parliament and out of it on every subject
in which they agreed. Mr. Redmond
pointed out that last session the two par
ties acted together to a very considerable
extent in the House of Commons, and the
convention practically endorsed the view
that that course might be usefully con
tinued in the future. And no doubt it
will be, so far as Mr. Redmond and his
colleagues are concerned.
A multitude of other topics were dis
cussed, but I may pass them all by but
one. It was inevitable that the project of
an Anglo-American alliance recently
brought to the front by Mr. Chamberlain
should engage attention at such a gath
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1898.
THE EMPORIUM.
There Were 2621 Words. ; Foe-Simile of the ■ First ph^ check. ... For the Boys in Manila.
. •, ■ . . . „ ( , ■_• rng°sg?Tl: ——^ . *■ .-I - ■- : V „ Christmas presents for the absent friends
These are the ten lucky people who, out or many >K*iS SSsS3?2BSfin T C~^J? £% /f*)*^/ *, / /A /rs>(? ■ £ a* -i i v L j- *. v
thousand, came nearest to correctly estimating the gU P^^| 2703 __ (^n^an€^e^^L^ioS>^U in far-away Manila should be dispatched
number of words in our last Sunday's Advertise- »39 ii lj|mOO ■•// : s^~~~^ / (^Z^) // ' on this week's steamer, as it is doubtful
ment in the Examiner and Chronicle, and to whom ST gj^ • ITlntifTpn/Ta. • . \^£/ /y^ )/?</ * V^r £ f/? whether another will leave here in time to
checks for the amounts opposite their names were *| jg^y^/^^/^^ " reach the Philippines before December 25.
mailed October 26: S3J \7 M^^ -~ V Here are some suggestions from our
Mrs. E. C. Dozler, Vallejo, Cal 2621 words *100 5Tb! I Si;J 4t* /T — ''^ M &&
Mrs. John C. Astrue, Oakland, (>1.... 2622 words 50 QsJiSK^ V^,^ /tC £>. J%i~ 'x . . - A'/A^— Christmas StOCK:
Mrs.W.M.GrldleF, 336 O'Farrell- street, city... ' g^f^ft?? X/>^7 CO <U^AjlF\k£^===r- WMp-— Cameras and Supplies. ■M? Neckwear and
......2622 words 25 %gi <tgTV ■ J-\ / /7 "/tV)/^ Cameras ana ouppnes. INeckwear and
Mrs. Geo. Gulling, Reno. Nev .....2620 words 20 aj> £& *jf ) fry a 6<. .j-£/J —#- ' > L^j) J/JvrPA Solid Silver Novelties. Other Furnishings.
Miss Clara Egan, no Bernard st., city. 262o w0rd5...... 15 ijjjfl Sft ypf/AfjfL^f^Ai^-r—— ..... •■.... Musical Instruments. Smokers' Supplies.
Mrs. M. M. Clark. 1233 Sanchez street.26l9 word. ,10 3§JgkV. • . • TttZ £M>Q(WJtt * GQiBiN RU/^jSAZ^AR: ■'. ■;.] , 1 Watches. New Books.
Mr. L. F. Green, Live Oak. Cal 2619 words 10 Si ©JO / X^ -. . . , - -:C: C . M . •,:*"•/ «n« nn ,tm» r n^«
Mrs. F. W. Johnson, 4585 A Eighteenth street, city.... ** - « £ / „ A •i.• i .V < "s/f /1) J ■ '^ OeS ' c I?°.^ Goods
B^:^^ :^^^^:St^E. 1 S| C^U^^^^ <^^^^l^J^^ Gloves - U.S. volunteer Ca^ar GIaSSeS -
Mr. M. N. Rose, 911 Taylor street, city. 26lB w0rd5...... 6 ' <TS' "" "T "***** / ...;,,. r*e»su*et . . 
I ...  , - ■■■•■.; .■■•-,■■■■ ■ ' I It* Millinery Trtced.
Shoe Values.
Ladies' Kid Lace nr. •*
Shoes, kid and cloth * Ui^YJ
tops, new coin toes, tips \y& v
of same material, welt- j// l\
ed sewed soles, stitctied #3Jv^ «
edges — the soles are (Ktf'VjT^//
thick for winter, but j& Vf\J
pliable, and alter j^^jjf^ 1
wearing them a f~ /\^
few days are S**sm^
easy as a turned hb-*-**"^ ■
— all sizes and wi-tns.. +.* -*%
Ladies' Vici Kid Lace >■[ ' •» ■■
Shoes — kid tops and 'ofVtf
fancy basket cloth top?, i*X?mi
new coin toes, patent J/gg&J
leather tips, sewed flexi- o&ssm
ble soles, great attention \^W\
has been paid in this j&@Mg .]
line to secure a shoe of <ss|ajk£g(
medium price yf^]*^
having the style J
and finish found Mtaa t^
in higher cost
goods— all sizes ana widths... *! OR
..........^. ;; Children's Dongola Kid
1 S^j*— • °J Shoes, lace and button
VVrj? Kid and cloth tops, new
{ * s >^ coin toes, patent leather
I >3tp^»ip;;, sewed flexible soles.
/ //jor£j] rin 2 heel ?-
ybs^ 854 to 11 $1.23
*^s3*sZ~^ I'!-*' to 2..51.48
'^Vsa—JßW Ladies' Storm
Rubbers, hig.« o^v,i and fronts., c
IJndermuslins.
Ladies' Drawers of good muslin,
with deep hemstitched hem of ~g.
cambric, yoke bands and full cutxOC
Plain heavy Muslin Drawers, yoke
band and wide cut, suitable for ladies
to add their own trimming ~-
to • 3C
Ladies' Muslin Gown, tucked and
corded yoke, neck and cuffs j- n
edf>ed with cambric ruffl? 3UC
Ladies' wide ■ Umbrella Cambric
Drawers, ruffle of lawn, with cluster ,
of tucks above deep hemstitched
hem -•••■••• OK) C
Ladies' Muslin Skirt, deep Spanish
flounce, with deep eJge of embroidery
under ruffle and dust ruffle..... ._* 25
"Ladies' Gowns, made either of cam-
bric or muslin, all full widths and
lengths, best embroidery and work-
manship, 14 styles' to choose *. An
from *..~j '"'- '.f »» u y.-;
Corsets.
Fine English Satine Corset, 5
hooks, shaped out over hips, full
boned and embroidered tops nf .
and bottom $Q.\)\J
Extra heavy 5-hook Corset, 3 side
bones, full boned bust, made of black
English satine.. $'T7£
Four-hook medium-length Corset, 3
side bonts, embroidered top and bot-
trm, very comfortable for me- *. _^>
dium height full figures.... ,S*.DU
Umbrellas, $1.50.
t Men's 28-inch
/Cik best Gloria
/*f*\ \&S\ Umbrel-
h{ it) ' a<: » stse ' ro<^
\£^&if fe^ and paragon
/^--^»gN »l and silver
'^S f£?7* /^yi> trimm;d, nat*
•Pfy \\ MiiWX las with Dres-
Mil W§ j den trimmed
> a*."?.. $J. 50
Grocery Specials
Monday and Tuesday.
Best Eastern Sugar Cured Hams that Bell
regularly . 13c lb, Monday ", and Tues-
day i « i ■ . <•
Plain or mixed Bird Seed, Regularly 6c Ib,
Monday and Tuesday, 7 1b5. .........25c
Babbitt's "76" Washing Powder, small
size, for 2 days, 8 for .*...... 2."» c
Snlder's Catsup, pints, regularly 24c bot-
tle, -Monday and Tuesday ..:...... 2Oc '
We sell the best Granulated Sugar IS lbs
for 91.00
Liquor Specials
Monday and Tuesday.
Emporium Beer, quarts, best local beer
In market, per dozen „ ....030
Bulldog Brand Guinness Stout, "none bet-
ter," per dozen ................ .;....$1.03
Cyrus Noble Bourbon Whisky, Monday and
Tuesday, per bottle ....82c
ering as the Independent Nationalist con
vention, and it was inevitable also that it
should evoke a decidedly hostile mani
festation. The view taken was that Eng
land in this matter was animated by
purely selfish ifeotlves and was endeavor
ing to entrap America into helping her In
her European isolation without being able
to give the American republic any corre
sponding advantage in return. I may add
that this is not the view of the Parnellltes
alone It is the confirmed opinion of all
Irish Nationalists. The Irisa do not be
lieve in the "Oiood thicker than water"
theory, which the English are so fond of
subject. They recall not only the war of
Independence but such incidents as the
Trent affair during the Civil War. as
showing better than any latter day mani
festation of feeling the real sentiment of
England toward America. In the Interest
of America itself, therefore, they would
be sorry to see the projected alliance
even take tangible Bhape. I need not add
that from the point of view of Ireland
they would regard it as a calamity.
As to the immediate future, the Par
nellltes intend to be as active as possible
in the coming winter. A series of local
conventions and other meetings are to
be held in the provinces in connection
with the coming elections and for the
promotion of the Parnellite movement
generally. John Redmond has already
been invited to Cork, and I believe he in
tends to go there almost immediately, as
well as to Waterford, Limerick and other
large centers. Certainly there is consid
erable encouragement for him and his
colleagues to persevere. Most of the dec
larations they have been making for- some
THE EMPORIUM.
The Greatest Hri** Kllh <& yer Made in
Sacrifice of 1 IliC vJIIK^ San Francisco.
A Sale Without Parallel The Richest Qualities Only.
On Monday morning at 8 o'clock we begin the most noteworthy sale ever
held in this State ; a sale -wherein all previous low-price silk-selling records are
shattered ; a sale planned to dispose of in a few days (perhaps a few hours) thou-
sands of dollars' worth of the very, finest imported French Silks— a class of goods
of which we have heavily overbought for two seasons— Silks that originally sold up
to #£,75 per yard— the very richest fabrics for Street, Calling, Reception, Evening
and Wedding Gowns at : less : than prices of ordinary American-made silks— many
of them at less than half the cost of production. Read this partial list of stupendous
reductions. See the magnificent fabrics themselves. Never before such qualities
as these at Sacrifice Sale. . '
A-l- O^r Imported French Taf-
"3C» fetas> — Scroll designs
in benutitul colorings,
Novelty Brocaded Saiin Duchesse,
Fancy Moire Velours, a full line of
Basket Weave PlaiJs, in colors suita-
ble for street wear; also Black Siik and
Satin Brocades and Bayadere effects, 1
original prices \%re 51.25, $1.50 and
51.75 the yard.
A* <fcß OC-I Black Bayadere
AX. JmZ}» and Brocaded
'Silks, very heavy
and rich, and Magnificent Black Satin
Brocade Moire. Most of these were
$ 1.75 and 52.
Af Cllfl High-grade Im-
At 3>l.*t-3. ported Printed
" Warp Gros-Grains
. and Taffetas — one of the richest and
most beautiful silks made— exquisite
colorings tor evening wear— original .
nrice was td. 1* yard.
Furniture-£rrt*^Carpets^^
In the race for supremacy we : have fairly won the contest long ago. This is
: the meeting-place of good qualities and low prices in Furniture and Carpets. Come
and make comparisons. All goods are marked in plain figures. Wander about the
acres of space filled with Furniture by yourself or call upon our salesmen if you
', wish for information and advice. ; .
' .*• v • ".^ - -"'521.00 LIBRARY COUCH— In every detail this is an admirable couch— the " %fA(^^. /%
• design is new and exquisite— every partis of the best grade, upholstered flmj/MM.
' (f^lpSpp&KpP^fc® in figured corduroy, and the spring seat is biscuit tufted from the foot j£g|g^&
IffC^. Js**?*~*?R& —^s2F end to .ml on tfT»hnd. _ o _.- __ CHIFFONIER- "tr — -»■ "n mf
\S-.^^rr^-- =-, $5.25 ENAMELED IRON W^V^-^ 514.70 CHIFFONIER-
— ■'.:.,:■ —& BED— Brass Uimmed, hs^^'-esL^fX -8-8 One of - our -.cnlef. cnIef bar 1 iir^r ?-- 1
• posts made of wrought iron, . %,>. '%,WfT V A ealnse aIns - . worth $21.50, ff^^^jl
mounted with brass knobs, the •^tc^^f^-\ f r __ made of quarter-sawed Hi ? -V .^H
as rosettes in head and footboard T^fc^, ; „• /QVnnZ °t k ' .h. hi 2h2 h ' v P°' lshed . |x«*.-- -*m
- have polished brass centers, at-. KbUT3|:feE==fe showing the rich grain hg* ,
i^ffl^j tractive in design and full sized, of the wood, French - r=5S |
bed cannSt be duplicated -, beveled- mirror, hung
t^^^^^ elsewhere for Jo- /lJ§tN between^^massive carv- §^^^^
S^^yjSi $24.50 SIDEBOARD- Massive quar- y/ff^/mA stancnions.
t rosettes in head and footboard Tlfn^u/^v! oak, highly polished, H^ - [f
have polished brass centers, at- fc^Z^feir^j showing the rich gram H, ff U
tractive in design and full sized, *^ of the wood, French 1^ ~ U
this bed cannot be duplicated . beveled mirror, hung ff-A r yg H
elsewhere for Jo. A^kx between massive carv- p^^^S; ft
$24.50 SIDEBOARD- Massive quar- \ff *^A ed stanchions,
ter-sawed oak, highly polished, ]}(:'.» Jm\ «« xn parlor TABLE
French beveled mirror is 21x37 Aly -;:/A\ * 5 / 5 ° , °
ffIJELTrjEJik inches, all of the ornaments are M fj\ -The regular price is —^
■ TKfiißGliiH hand carved— real value $35. %J^^js) $8-5°8 -5°- It is of guaran-
E^^^^ $15.00 DRESSER- Made of best- )y ■ V^T teed sawed oak piano M || 1
selected quarter- sawed oak, highly :^^^^ POished ■.< he shelf Is -ff h |
TOMfcßl Polished, M fancy shaped French mir-. fej^ fras. a ?ms the top is l^i>^|-
(^ X>^ cHf|| - -have.to j^^ Srfl - 8>
na Closet addsfjj^^^ff reau, washstand, i^^Tob^J i ip-«j : J7t,.7t sohf 'flffS'^l 5
=&!.%£ ffßl 0^ PTI **
room. This one X.-.V^?^ challenge any T~TT T ■y f 1 - polished. I d___lf^ y
iHlf^iW dealer to dupli- ■■ fc I nSZft life 111 ,
selected heavy rub- 4^4] cate this suit at ■ MW "
ted and highly pol- #£&i our price. Special 241 nch e , ; .,
ished quarter-saw- p^™ attention is called >>>-. r^prfe^^ wide ; and 1, =^^=
ed oak, with - v V., to the . massive- «m*_ ffln? S^^ i- ♦ k?' 1 ; -
French' beveled- ness of. this set. "~ gJ^F^ shells fegg^ "
shaDed mirror ox '^ Ula Mirror size 30x24 1 . [j shelves. 1 LK>*^-^H>
inches high 30 G^iL^s-^W inches. Piano polished and finished in the lat- »* mo un , i ; .
fnches wide and " V est style of- golden oak. Worth $32.50. , ed on ball-bearing casters,
real value is $25. :}'■■■' Worth 7 5°.
Smith's and Sanford s Carpets, 60c.
This week we make good our claim of saving you money by offering desirable patterns of Smith's and /H.
San ford's Tapestry Brussels — laid on the floor at per yard OUC
tAnd, here are some prices almost equally unusual :
Royal Wiltons... $1.50 to $2.25 Extra "Super" All-Wool Ingrains 50c
Axminsters .....:.. .:....»..;.......:.........85c to $1.50 :: . Linoleums....... ..........^........ v ..,..... : .. r .... : ...45c and up
Wi «nn VHvets extra oi.,- ' 75c to $1 00 150 All-wool Smyrna Rugs, size 30 inches by 15 inches,
Wi son Velvets, extra va1ue............. 75c to SU>O. frjnged both and %% v ersib ie, special at _ 45c and up
Tapestry 8ru55e15......... ....:............. ...............50c and up Oil C10th5:.^....;....:......^............. ..........18c and up
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE.
years on questions of principle and policy
are now almost universally adopted. At
the same time they have still stiff work
before them. 1 may here mention that
one of Mr. Redmond's colleagues In Par
liament—the latest elected— is rapidly
coming to the front. I refer to John Hay
den, one of the members for Roscommon
County. He is young, earnest, level head
ed and fearless, with no inconsiderable
power of speech, and is universally re
spected even by his opponents, though he
Is one of the most outspoken and uncom
promising memoers of his party. At the
convention with which I have been deal-
S ing his speech attracted more attention
and made a deeper impression than any
' except that of Mr. Redmond nimself. He
Is a newspaper proprietor In the county
of Westmeath. where he has for yenrs
carried on a bold flp-ht for nis party. He
is certainly "a coming man.'
RAIL AGAINST TOD
SLOAN'S POPULARITY
England's Chief Justice and Henry
Labouchere Decry the Prevail-
ing "Jockey Worship."
LONDON, Oct. 29.— The racing at New
market was again the occasion for big
society gatherings. There was a record
attendance at the Cambridgeshire, whoire
lots of money was dropped on the Prince
of Wales' Nunouch, which was left at the
THE EMPORIUM.
P 1 Sis« "H
post with Tod Sloan in the saddle. The
racing fever of the last few weeks has
called forth protests from various quar
ters. Henry Labouchere. In Truth, re
ferring to Tod Sloan, denounces "the
nauseous jockey worship which was such
a discreditable and idiotic feature of the
turf twenty years ago."
Lord Russell of Killowen, Lord Chief
Justice of England, in a speech, has also
decried this mania, saying: "They wor
ship this god to such an extent that if
Tod Sloan, supposing his nationality did
not stand in the way. were to become a
candidate for Epsom, it is doubtful if the
present member would have a chance."
NEW SCHEME TO BEAT
THE CUSTOMS DUTIES
Heavy Importations Into Hawaii for
Transhipment to the
United States.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29.— Harold M.
Sewall, special agent of the United States
at Honolulu, has called the attention of
the State Department to the large impor
tation of goods into Hawaii under the
rates of the Hawaiian tariff and which
are to be shipped to the United States
when the restrictions on trade between
the islands and the United States arc re
moved. He presents statements showing
an increase of Imports for the first seven
months of 1898, compared with those of
THE EMPORIUM.
A-i- Cl PSA High-class French
At C3>| # 3U. Novelty M?talasse,
Armures, Duchess
and Taffetas— rich new colorings, ex-
clusive — original prices $2.50,
53.50, 53.75 and 55.00 per yard.
A - £') AA Choicest Import-
At M>Z>UU«ed Satin Duchess
Brocade— rich
colorings for evening and reception
costumes— were an exceptional value
at the original price, 53-25 yard.
:A 4- & *~% AA Imported high-
.At $ Jil/Ui grade Moire- Fa-
conne Jacquard
gros-grain Chamelon effects in most
magnificent designs and colorings for
evening and reception gowns— origi-
nal price of these beautiful silks was
55.75 yard. --:;>
previous years, together with a compara
tive statement of imports by countries for
that period. Imports from countries other
than the United States, he says, show an
increased volume altogether dispropor
tionate to present or prospective demands
for local consumption.
"A comparison of the schedule of rates
Imposed by the Hawaiian tariff and those
imposed by the Dingley law," says Mr.
Sewall, "will show what an inducement
is offered Importers in anticipation of the
extension of the Dingley tariff to Hawaii.
The Hawaiian tariff imposes an average
rate of 10 per cent and has a liberal free
list. But on numerous articles of Ameri
can manufacture, which ought naturally
to find a large outlet in Hawaii, duties
are very heavy. Notably among these
are to be classed carriages, jewelry and
brushes at 25 per cent each, and whisky,
the rate on which is $3 50 per gallon and
10 cents for every degree above proof.
Hawaiian customs authorities have been
at work for some time preparing a state
ment of the revenues that are to be real
ised on Hawaiian imports under the
Dingley tariff law."
Mr. Sewall says he has been credibly
informed by Hawaiian merchants that Im
ports are being made with the express
purpose of profiting by the new tariff,
but that he does not deem it wise to give
the names of importers.
Civil Service Investigation.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 29.— The Civil
Service Commission has ordered an In
vestigation of the charges preferred by
THE EMPORIUM.
Last ; week we «<«^Vii\\
were obliged to J§^Yv#t
refuse more or- MzE^tiw)
ders for our Mil- 6^£Mg%?
iinery workroom, Jm/K\WBSO
but with added Mluiffifl&v
help we shall JBkcmaja W#m
now be able to
fill all orders flDgSßPlt'j^^?
within a few iHgrfS'^
days. To appre- ■^PJ^'.^lbL
ciate all of its f»vi "" msa
charms look over Jf|3»t ~JfPgtfs
our trimmed hat -\g£|*^&rfgs^'^
stock every few %^jg-^»g^Sßg^
days. Doing the
largest Millinery /fTo
business in San ~. f*Ml
Francisco, it is only natural that we
should offer the best inducements.
Imported Pattern Hats $10 to $45
Copies of Imported Pattern Hats —
$7 to $15
Beautiful Velvet Hats, all latest
shapes, trimmed with handsome
ostrich plumes, special...... $7.00
Fine French Felt Hats in all stylish
shapes, trimmed with taffeta, wina:s
and velvets, special ...... $5.00
Children's Fine French Felt Hats,
trimmed with ribbon, fancy girdles
and quills, all c010r5......... $2.50
Men's Suits and
Overcoats.
New — a black Thibet suit — mate-
rial much used by swell merchant
tailors coat made double breasted
with silk facings — elegantly got up
throughout — a perfect fit assured you
with your choice of pants like suit or
neat gray stripes instead — price <j» ajr
suit complete ." 4>13
SPECIAL VALUE SIiTS AT 57.50—8 or
10 lots to choose trom — all colors, all
sizes, all wool materials — single-
breasted sacks — regular $10 values —
they go this week for <JiT ef%
Don't miss seeing our great !ln: of
Men's Overcoats at $10, $!2.50 and
$15.
Mail orders solicited and given every
attention.
Boys' Clothing.
New goods coming in daily. Pretty
conceits, new novelties, exclusive de-
signs.
New Reefers New Vestee Suits
New Top Coats New Sailor Suits
New Capes New Jack Tar Suits
No trouble to show you them, and,
you are sure , to save money by buy*
ing, and to get the very latest and
bes^. ...
SPECIAL VALUE SUITS AT $2.45— A11-
w00l suits — double-breasted coats and
knee pants, thoroughly made — guar-
anteed to give at least three dollars
and a half worth of wear and satis-
faction — 10 different styles, in sizes
8 to 16 years— go <£'"* :a fj
at.... <$£;H-3
Sole agents for the "Reciprocity" Suit
—the best $5 knee pants suit in America.
Toilet Soap.
Flower Line _ ..^*rv
Toilet Soap, 6 -^^ "*~"T'~~^ |> »-^h
delicious odors f^K/^»p— "£& I
Rose, Violet, Iwf^&^^dirf) \
Geranium. '/A &3B^r/-LJ>4
Sweet Pea, W/ VrfK^^enSs
Lilac and Car- Fp* &ss*^^^
nation — ; each *<% c^U--^rT^
cakeputupin >!—- *"^ 
handsome cartoon, worth regularly
ioc a cake, while the lot 1a5t5...... _ •
DC
Wall Paper, Etc.
. Because of a combination of all the
large Eastern manufacturers the
prices of all kinds of Wall Paper will
soon be advanced. If you need paper
in the near future best buy now, for it '
is doubtful if it will ever be so cheap
again.
Handsome Parlor, Library, Hall and
Dining-room Papers now cost, per
roll ••"•• —— 8c to 25c \
Fine gilt combinations are now, per ■
r011...- :...................^..,,6ct0.10c;
Dainty Bedroom Papers in terra
cotta, pink, green and all other popu-
lar colorings and designs, this week,
per roll ................5c to 7y 2 ■
Heavy Embossed Gilt Papers in all
the new and stylish colorings are now,
per roll. » 10c to 20c
A full line of popular shades of In-
grain, with matched friezes and ceil-
ings. " , '
Lincrusta 15c per yard and upward
Window Shades ...... and upward
I ex-Governor Buriel of New Hampshire
| against the Republican State Committed
I of New Hampshire for making political
! assessments upon United States officials
in that State.
MAY GO HOME TO VOTB.
Permission Granted Employes of th«
"War Department.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29.— Secretary JJ
; ~t bas issued the following memorandum
I for chiefs of bureaus and officers in his
department bearing on the question of
requests made by employes to go home
to vote:
"When request is made by employes of
the department ior leave of absence to en
able them to go home to vote, permission,
irrespective of party, will be granted if
it can be done without detriment to the
service; the time of absence to be charged
against the annual leave authorized by
law. or. If leave is exhausted, the tima
absent to be without pay."
A Floating Morgue.
PONTA DEL GADA, Azore Islands,
Oct. 29.— The Spanish steamer Montserrat,
Captain Deschamps. which sailed from
I Havana on October 12. via Gibara, for
Cadiz, with Spanish troops on board, has
arrived here. There were seventy-two
deaths on board the vessel during the voy
age.
Advances made on furniture and planet, with
or without removal, J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mlisloa,
56
j^l 1 •*!■■*' * j^t^ - m^l •-*%' n
SUNDAY • • .-• • OCTOBER 30, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F- j
• Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL 800M5....... .217 ,to 221 Stevenson Street
' Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served .by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
6t> cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL. One year, by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE ..1... 908 Brpadway :
NEW YORK OFFICE.. Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri£fis Houso
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent. •
CHICAGO OFFICE ■ Marquettc Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Mootgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- i 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open urjtll 9:30
. o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 229! Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh !
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. -corner Twenty-second ana
' Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS
Baldwin— "Prisoner of Zcnda."
Co'umliia— "By the Sad Sea Waves."
Alcazar— "May lilossom."
Mor sco's— "Streets of New York."
Ti\ , ii— ■•Glrofle-Uircfla."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Comedy Theater— "Where's Matilda?"
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy .streets— Specialties.
The lan F. Smith. Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Sutro's Baths — S%vir::miii(;.
: le Coursing I'ark— Coursing.
- Otea i'i.ik Mission '/.00.
California ian'a Alley."
Recreation Park — JSaseball.
Sherman.- Clay Kall^-Cdncert Monday Evening.
Saratoga Hall— Anniversary Ball. Saturday, November I
Oakland li:u-r Tract— Races To-morrow.
Coming in Ueeeir.ber.
TriE THANKSGIVING PROCLAMATION
PRESIDENT .McKIXLEY'S proclamation fixing
Hiursday, fjovembcr 24. as the day for the annual
national Thanksgiving comes opportunely to
remind the people in the midst of partisan discussions
of the manifold blessings the country enjoys and the
bountiful prosperity which as a rule has attended our
industries. It is not a campaign document, and none
will consider it so, but nevertheless it is likely to have
effect upon the minds of the intelligent by allaying
discontents and steadying the masses who have been
excited by the appeals of demagogues and agitators.
"Few years in our history," says the President,
"have afforded such cause for thanksgiving as this.
We have been blessed by abundant harvests, our
trade and commerce have been wonderfully increased,.
our public credits have been improved and strength
ened, all sections of our common country have been
brought together and knitted into a closer bond of
national purpose and unity."'
Nor is it in our domestic affairs only we find rea
son and cause to give thanks for what the year has
brought. The very war which threatened to interrupt
our peaceful development of industry has proven a
gain to the nation in many way?. "As we were com
pelled," says the President, "to take up the sword in
the cause of humanity, we are permitted to rejoice
that the conflict has been of brief duration, and the
losses we have had to mourn, though grievous and
important, have been so few, considering the great
results accomplished, as to inspire us with gratitude
and praise toward the Lord of Hosts."
Angry partisans in the heat of political conflict may
be. loth to agree with the President that this year has
been one of exceptional good to all the people of the
United States, but with the passing of the partisan
conflict on election day calmer judgment will come,
and then all with one accord will unite in the rejoicing
over what has been vouchsafed to our industries and
to our arms. The year has been indeed a great and
glorious one for our country, and when the day ar
rives North and South and East and West all the
people will celebrate with glad hearts the solemn and
joyous festival of the national Thanksgiving.
"LOVE WILL FIND fJ WflY."
SOMEBODY once wrote a song of which the
only sentiment worth preservation was "Love
Will Find a Way." This naturally calls into
question whether love is always justifiable. Would it
not, ratb,er, under some circumstances, seem more like
the genuine article if it withdrew from the field?
There have been several instances in this city lately
in which men believing themselves inspired by this
holy passion have slain the objects of their affection.
"Love" went too far. "Love," as represented in the
persons of these degenerates, should without delay be
hanged. The ambition to marry a worthy girl is noth
ing of which any man should be ashamed. The re
fusal of any girl to marry a beetle-browed brute who
would neither provide for her nor appreciate her
should not, notwithstanding, be regarded as a capital
offense.
In addition. to the murders inspired by refusal of
proffers where acceptance would have been a gross
violation of the dictates of common sense, husbands
have essayed to correct or impress their wives, results
being serious or fatal. These offenders deserve to
be hanged on the same scaffold with the other va
riety. They are exactly what the others would have
been.
When crime is rare, its occurrence is to be deplored
and checked by legal methods, while the world re
grets. But when it becomes common, when one hor
ror succeeds another in rapid succession, regret is
commingled with rage, and there is a human yearning
to have worthless necks stretched, not as a method of
revenge, but as a protection." "Love may find a way"
to the gallows, and any hampering technicalities will
be apt to revive the spirit of the old Vigilantes.
In the press of matter possibly more important
there has not been extended mention of the fact that
Mrs. Hamilton of Tennessee street has recovered her
nannygoat, the law giving it back to her arms after
an absence of eighteen months. We congratulate
Mrs. Hamilton, and the goat.
The gentlemen who wish to raise the Maine as a
speculation might also secure Mr. Noah's ark. It
would be s fine marine curio, and the two exhibited
together would afford an object lesson in the ad
vance of naval architecture.
Perhaps one reason Henley laments at the prospec
tive turning down of Phelan is a knowledge that at
the same time he will himself be turned down so hard
he'll never get over the bump.
If Mr. Grace wants to earn money in large sums he
ought to see what candidates can be induced to give
him for not indorsing them.
MAGUIRE AND STANFORD UNIVERSITY
,\ A AGUIRE denies that anything he has said on
/ \ land confiscation, anarchy or Ireland and the
* * Pope is in issue in this campaign. At the
same time he insists in every speech that what Gage
has never said nor done is put in issue by Gage's can
didacy. If Gage had ever written or said a word or
done a thing in favor of the Southern Pacific Rail
rc>ad, or taken a professional fee from that corpora
tion, does any one believe that Maguire would fail to
use it as an issue? Does any one believe that he
would fail to hold Gage responsible for it, read it and
demonstrate it in every speech he makes?
Of course every one knows that Maguire, while
dodging his own record, would greedily seize upon
any such fact in the record of his opponent. That he
can find no such thing in Gage's record is proved by
his,not using it.
In default of such material he has busied himself in
manufacturing a record for Mr. Gage to prove him a
railroad man. The work is not creditable to Judge
Maguire, but he is an expert in office-seeking and
stops at nothing that will keep the public treasury
open to his salary-seekhig hand. So he assumes to
invest Mr. Gage with a record he never made, with
intentions he never entertained, with acts he never
performed, with relations he never sustained.
At the same time Maguire denies responsibility for
his own utterances, intentions and relations, to which
his record for years commits him.
While he was making a speech in the House or. the
sth of July, 1898, on the Pacific railroad debt, Mr.
Hopkins asked him whether his position on that ques
tion had changed, to which Maguire replied: "It is
the same to-day as it has been on all previous occa
sions. I do not recall any change in my opinions on
this question in the last five years. My opinions are
fully incorporated in the Record." Now, in that
same speech Maguire said that Stanford, Huntington,
Hopkins and Crocker were guilty of "gigantic frauds.
* * * The original directors of the Central Pa
cific Company, in defiance and violation of every ob
ligation they owed as trustees, either to the company
they immediately represented or to the Government
of the United States, diverted $80,000,000 to their own
pockets. After this tremendous peculation of these
directors was disclosed the act of 1873 was passed. If
upon foreclosure of the Central Pacific the sale shall
fail to produce an amount sufficient to pay the claim
of the Government, I have no hesitation in saying
that the Government has a right of action against
the living directors and against the property of the
dead directors who diverted these assets, provided, of
course, that the property of the dead directors can be
found in the hands of persons who acquired it not by
purchase, BUT BY GIFT OR BY SOME MEANS
OTHER than purchase. It so happens that of the
original directors of the Central Pacific who diverted
ail these assets one is still living, * * * his es
tate is within reach of the courts. The other three
are dead, but it so happens that all their estates are
in such positions that the Government can reach them.
Charles Crocker is dead, but his estate before his
death was put by. gift into a corporation known as the
Crocker Estate Company. That great estate, made
up largely of the fruits, in many cases the direct
fruits, of these diverted assets, stands there to answer,
if under the principles of equity, jurisprudence and
the laws of the land his estate is liable, as I believe it
is. The Hopkins estate is in the same position prac
tically. The other estate, that of Leland Stanford, has
passed in part to the widow of the deceased and is
held by her very largely in real property. In the dis
cussion of a former funding bill it was suggested that
as Stanford had devoted his fortune, however ac
quired, to a quasi-public use, in the establishment of a
magnificent university in California, it would be
against public policy to disturb it, but it has no
relevancy as an argument in favor of a funding bill.
* * * What Congress should do if, in the collec
tion of its claims, the Stanford University were likely
to be crippled or closed or made less useful to the
public than it is now. I am not at present prepared to
say. * * • * If this bill should pass * * * you
then wipe out all collateral obligations attaching to
the original contracts, including those arising out of
the gigantic frauds and breaches of trust to which I
have all too briefly and incompletely referred. The
directors and their successors, in the enjoyment of
colossal fortunes largely based upon these fraudulent
diversions of trust assets, will be immediately set free
from all liability to the Government and their offenses
condoned and compounded."
Now, there is a recent, direct and explicit charge
that Stanford University is founded and endowed on
the fruit of peculation, gigantic fraud and crime, and
that not only it, but the Hopkins Art School, given
to the State University, the Crocker Old People's
Home and Mrs. Stanford's kindergartens, the fine
conservatory in Golden Gate Park, the lake and other
creations in that park, and all and sundry the many
public gifts of millions of dollars given by the orig
inal four directors of the Central Pacific, are the "di
rect fruit" of crime. There is the direct assertion that
the Government of the United States can seize all and
singular these properties, and that Maguire is "not
prepared to say" what should be done if Stanford
University "is crippled or closed" by such seizure.
Recently Maguire has told certain students that he
will take Stanford University "under his wing" as
Governor, and by the demagogue arts of which he is
past master he is wooing votes in that institution.
But will he go to that university and, standing in the
great court where its founder lay in death and thou
sands carae to his obsequies, repeat his speech and his
charges of last July?
He said in the same speech that upon this subject
his opinions have not changed lor five years. Have
they changed in three months? Does he still be
lieve that Stanford stole the endowment of that uni
versity and that it may be crippled or closed by seizure
by the Government?
This is something that concerns the character of
the young men and women who are students at Stan
ford. It concerns an important section of State Uni
versity students who are related to the Hopkins Art
School.
If Maguire told the truth in his horrible accusation
against the dead, no honorable young man can stay
at Stanford. If Maguire did not tell the truth, no
honorable young man can stay at Stanford and sup
port Maguire. If he do he is, open-eyed, supporting
the contention that his alma mater is a monument to
"gigantic fraud," and is trying to put that stain forever
upon her walls by aiding in the indorsement of the
man who daubed it there in rhetorical mud only
three months ago.
Maguire is talking a good deal. Will he tell the
people if he still thinks the money that built Stanford
was stolen by its founder?
The Tacoma News uses type of impressive size to
make this announcement: "Our Soldiers Loose Their
Votes." What's the ground for excitement? Per
haps they wili loose them so they will do the most
good. _
If France becomes involved in war good by to the
republic. We suggest Dreyfus as dictator under the
■ new regime.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1893.
THE WINNER IN THE SIXTH-
BY the fierceness and the bitterness of the at
tacks made upon him by the orators and organs
of the fused factions of Democracy, Populism
and discontent, it is evident the Hon. Russell
J. Waters is making a winning contest for Congress
in the Sixth District. The very desperation of his
opponents is an evidence that the trend of public sen
timent is strongly in his favor.
Mr. Waters is one of the most eminent of the pro
gressive men who during the last twelve years have
done so much for the upbuilding of Southern Califor
nia and the development of its resources. Born in
Vermont in 1843, he removed first to Massachusetts,
then to Chicago, and finally in 1886 came to Cali
fornia.
From the time of his arrival in the State he has
been a leader in great enterprises. As the representa
tive of a number. of citizens of Chicago who desired
to establish themselves in California, he selected and
laid out a site for the colony in East Redlands, where
m«st of the colonists now reside. Having in this way
become identified with the progress of the southern
part of the State, he has continued to promote its in
terests with energy and sagacity. He is at present a
resident of Los Angeles, and is known among the en
terprising men of that city as one of the most public
spirited and liberal in promoting every movement de
signed for the general good.
California needs at Washington just such men as
Mr. Waters. The State has many great interests in
volved in national legislation, for whose proper man
agement men of trained business ability, tireless
energy and a zealous fidelity to the public welfare are
required. The citizen who in the advancement of his
private business has accomplished so much to de
velop his section of the State can be relied upon to
give an equally valuable service in Congress, and with
the election of Mr. Waters the Sixth District will
have a representative to be proud of.
It is not, however, for his personal reputation only
that the popular sentiment of the district is favorable to
the Republican candidate. The intelligence of the peo
ple there as elsewhere perceives the importance of hav
ing at this juncture a Congress in harmony with the ad
ministration. The President will have grave problems
of foreign as well as of domestic politics to deal with
during the next two years, and tht success of his pa
triotic policies will be largely dependent upon the co
operation of the House of Representatives. In this
emergency the people owe it to themselves and to the
country to stand by the President.
While this is what is generally known as an off year
in politics, it is not so in reality. Rarely were more
serious problems ever presented to the American
people than those which will confront the Congress
that is to be chosen this fall. A Republican House of
Representatives is essential to the continued prosper
ity of the country, and the voters of the Sixth District
will serve the nation as well as their local interests by
the election of that stanch supporter of the adminis
tration, Russell J. Walters.
ELECTRIC RAILWAYS IN EUROPE.
CONSULAR Reports for October contains a re
port from Consul General Dv Bois of St. Gall,
Switzerland, on electric street railways in
Europe, from which it appears there were on that
continent on January 1 of this year 204 electric street
lines in operation, with an aggregate mileage of 1422
miles. This is a surprisingly small mileage when
compared with that of electric railways in the United
States, and the contrast is more striking when the
statistics are noted for the various countries sepa
rately.
Of the total electric street railway mileage of
Europe Germany contains almost exactly half, or 707
miles. France comes next with 246 miles. Great
Britain is third with only 97 miles, and little Switzer
land ranks fourth with 90 miles, or nearly as much as
Great Britain. Italy has 82 miles, Austria-Hungary
66, Belgium has 42, Spain 37, while the vast empire
of Russia has only 19 miles.
There are several cities in the United States that
have within their limits, or in their suburbs, more
miles of electric street railway than all Europe ex
cept Germany, and Philadelphia claims to have more
miles than Germany. In comparison with our devel
opment of that means of transportation, therefore,
Europe can be hardly said to have reached the electric
age.
The reason why European countries are so far be
hind us in this mode of street traffic appears to be
not so much a lack of enterprise on the part of pro
moters and projectors as an objection to the over
head wires on the part of the governing authorities
and that system seems at present to be the one most
favored by companies constructing electric lines.
Thus of the total number of electric roads in Europe
172 lines have the overhead trolley, 8 lines the un
derground trolley, 8 lines the third rail system, 13
lines the storage system and 3 lines a mixed system of
overhead trolley and accumulators.
It is a curious illustration of how the blocking of
progress in one direction leads to its advance in an
other, that the checking of electric street railway con
struction in European cities has been the cause of the
adoption there of the horseless vehicle to a much
greater extent than in this country. Our cities are
so well provided with street railways that we hardly
need the self-propelled vehicles for which there is
such a demand in Europe, and it will probably be a
long time before they are used here for any other pur
pose than that of delivering goods of a light charac
ter. Therefore while we can smile at Europe as being
somewhat silurian on the subject of electric railways,
we may expect them before long to mock at us for
being so slow in making use of the horseless vehicle.
There will be general public interest in the outcome
of the suit brought in Alameda by Martial Davoust.
His wife was killed by a dangling electric wire. Not
withstanding that corporations tacitly claim the right
to dangle wires, the consequent slaughter being
ascribed to Providence, people not ready to die, nor
witness the spectacular taking off of their friends, have
ventured heretofore modestly to take issue. Da
voust asks money damages, not that the value of a
wife is to be computed in cash, but that the under
standing of the corporation may be aroused.
Ladies in congress at Omaha devoted much time to
discussion of short skirts. When ladies get together
they are apt to do this, and to favor the short
skirt enthusiastically. But they do not reach that
stage of devotion to reform which impels them to lay
aside their own trailing street-sweepers.
If Chief Lees and Officer Kane will remain separ
ated by the length of a telephone wire, they will save
the public many a shudder of apprehension, though
the wire may melt with a fervent heat.
Jurymen in an Astoria murder case had a fist fight
in determining the question of guilt. The method is
unique, but it may be as good as some others.
Kansas soldiers will vote at sea, and as returns will
be long in getting back, the whole State will be at
sea for awhile.
i
THE HEAVY ARTILLERY.
NUMBER F.IGHT.
Editor San Francisco Call: The power of the people may be used against
the people. For our protection we have divided and subdivided political
office. We trust no politicians. We will give no man so much power that
he may become independent of the plain people, of you andme. This is the
palladium of our liberties — not Fourth of July speeches, not hollow appeals
for good government, not personal denunciations. We trust no man. The
State's business must be done, but we commit the business to so many
hands that no one man may monopolize it to our hurt.
The danger of boss rule consists in the attempt to destroy this subdi
vision of power. We do not object to bosses because they control votes.
We must have bosses so long as we have leaders. But we do object to the
boss who manages to control so many offices that he can afford to use the
power of the people against the people.
One great safegaard we haye — the multiplication of bosses. The one
boss who can control everything is far more dangerous to the plain citi
zen, to you and to me, than the many lesser bosses who fight and squabble
for power. Against the boss who is supreme 'here is no recourse for the
plain citizen, that is. for you and for me. Ap;,inst the squabbling bosses
we have remedies aplenty, because we ccn always use one to whack the
other on the head.
PLAIN PEOPLE USUALLY LOOK ON THE BOSS
As a wonderful and mysterious individual. We picture him as the spider
sitting in the center of his web, whence the sensitive threads radiate
to the circumference of the city or State. He is to most of us a Svengah
who by some strange hypnotic influence makes his Trilby subjects warble
at his will. But after all when we plain people, that. is. you and I, come to
think of it, a boss is but a man of flesh and blood, like ourselves. He is
dealing, too, with men who are like us in birth, in education, in sentiments.
Half of a boss' strength is in plain people like you and me, whom he un
consciously influences. His immediate followers are marvelously like us
plain people. They are subject to the same impulses and passions, and are
stirred by the same motives and interests. A boss gains power over his fol
lowers in the same manner and by the same means . that other leaders gain
power over their followers. Unless plain people like you and me understand
this thoroughly we are liable to make many mistakes in our estimate of
political situations in general, and of the present municipal campaign in par
ticular. One of the strongest motives that the boss can exercise over his fol
lowers is the promise of position. Every government in the world pays its
servants well and does not work them too hard. There are no situations in
San Francisco with such easy hours and such good salaries as the appointive
offices in the City Hall. These offices are, of course, filled by the successtul
candidates on the principle that
TO THE VICTORS BELONG THE SPOILS.
Now the boss, when he is' making his campaign, considers these ap
pointive offices as his most efficacious weapons. They are his heavy artil
lery. An influential district leader, a promising orator, an energetic vote
getter, may stand off from the fight and declare that he is not in politics this
year. He is deaf to all appeals, to reason, to gratitude, to party loyalty. But
let the boss train one of his big guns on him, a big, salaried position for him
or for his friend, and the plain citizen often wonders at the suddenness and
energy with which he mingles in the melee.
As the boss is the general, he must have the placing of the artillery.
Hence when he sets up candidates he does so on the condition that they will
relinquish to him a certain number of the nominations to appointive offices.
This is usually euphuistically styled, giving the organization a percentage
of the positions. As far as the plain citizen can judge of such things, the
usual figure has been about 50 per cent, for after all the greediest or most
necessitous boss must feel that the candidate who has borne the burden and
heat of the day is entitled to at least half his wages.
Where we have a number of bosses controlling a number of candidates
of course each has his own independent battery, and he directs it as best he
knows how. In the cross-fire the plain citizen often escapes safe. Where
one boss is delivering his lead into the intrenchments of another, the man
that is up a tree, that is, the plain citizen, grins with delight. But if one man
can control all the positions, he can direct his fire on the people. All the
guns will bark to one effect, to his advantage — that is, to the disadvantage
of the plain citizen, of you and of me.
MANY PEOPLE THINK
That it will be to the benefit of the plain citizen to spike as many of those
guns as possible. They believe in cutting down the power of the .boss by
making the tenure of appointive places life or good behavior. This is what
is known as civil service. Plain people have yet to be convinced that there
is a governmental precaution that a boss cannot get around. We therefore
do not commit ourselves to civil service or to anti-civil service. Some of
us are in favor of it, and some of us are opposed to it. Anyhow, like plain
people, we agree to differ.
But the professional reformers and the #ood government people are
loudly pledged to civil service. Mayor Phelan is its stanchest advocate. He
demands a business administration, and of course we all know that every one
employed in Mr. Phelan's private business has a life tenure of his place. The
new charter he advocated because of its civil service provisions. He does not
believe in the vulgar cry, "To the victors belong the spoils." He wishes to
prove that he is no boss by spiking the heaviest guns in the bosses' artil
lery.
But the power of the people may be used against the people, and pbwer
corrupts. Mr. Phelan has used the power of the people to take from them
their right of nomination; he has used the power of the people to grasp
at the complete control of the city government; he is now using the power
of the people, the money of the people, the promise of office, to make certain
the ambitious schemes which he has contrived to raise the government of
the town to his own high and moral level.
EVERY CANDIDATE NOMINATED
By the Committee of One Hundred— that is, by Mr. Phelan — was compelled
to lift his hand to heaven and promise to the organization — that is, to Mr.
Phelan — 80 per cent of the patronage of his office.
The plain citizen thinks of Mr. Phelan's words in favor of civil service,
and of Mr. Phelan's acts in demanding a larger share of the patronage than
any boss has ever dared to ask. You and I remember the question which is
the greatest danger to us, the many small bosses, or the one boss that con
trols them all? The power of the people may be used against the people.
We are put in pawn to buy workers for Mr. Phelan. He controls all the
artillery. It is an irresistible force. It is directed by one hand. It is used
for one object — the victory of Mr. Phelan, the capture of the city by those
who are pledged to do Mr. Phelan's bidding. Well, indeed, may it be asked
in alarm by the plain citizen — that is, by you and by me. Which is the great
est danger, the many small bosses, or the boss that controls them all?
A PLAIN CITIZEN.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
J. J. Drew, a well-known business man
of Seattle, is at the Russ.
H. H. Eddy, a Santa Barbara banker,
is stopping at the Grand.
R. A. Boggess, a Sulphur Creek mining
man, Is at the Occidental.
Lewis H. Smith, City Attorney of
Fresno, is stopping at the Grand.
Revenue Agent Bert Thomas returned
yesterday from a visit to the north.
S. L. Hogue, chairman of Fresno's
Board of Education, is at the Grand.
James Sheridan, a well-known mining
man of New Mexico, is at the Russ.
R. A. I,eiter, editor of the college paper
at Stanford University, Is at the Grand.
Professor W. R. Dudley of Stanford
University is registered at the Baldwin.
John W. Moorp, an extensive cloth mer
chant of Philadelphia, is at the Palace.
Dr. R. W. O'Bannon of Holllster is
among the recent arrivals at the Bald
win.
Colonel Galnes Lawson, IT. S. A., has
returned from Highland Springs and is
at the Occidental.
Colonel G. B. Fingle, U. S. A., has re>
turned from Alaska and is registered at
the Occidental.
Captain Thomas Scallen, a well-known
sea captain, recently from Guam Island,
is stopping at the Russ.
James Hewetson, accompanied by Dr.
and Miss Hewetson. Is registered at the
Occidental from Riverside.
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Mitchell, two
daughters and maid, are at the Palace,
registered from New London, Conn.
O. B. Stanton, proprietor of the Victo
ria Hotel at Kansas City, is recovering
from a threatened attack of pneumonia
at the Palace.
J. A. Chanslor of Los Angeles, one of
the most extensive oil well owners of
Southern California, is registered at the
Palace. He Is accompanied by R. V. Ellis
of Oil City.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Oct. 29.— Ralph Lowe of
San Jose, Mrs. William G. Stafford and
Miss Marjorle Stafford of San Francisco
are at the Manhattan.
Cutelelgh— l'm sorry to hear you're
broke, Butelelgh.
Buteleigh— Broke? Who's broke? What's
the matter with this? (showing a handful
of gold).
Cutelelgh— Nothing. Lend me twenty,
will you?— Chicago Journal-
THE CIGARETTE
AND THE GIRL
Editor of The Call: I am constrained
to say that your editorial, "Saved by a
Cigarette," in The Call of October 19,
1898, in sentiment and good taste falls far
below the average editorials appearing in
your excellent paper.
I think the young- man who refused to
marry the young girl hopelessly addict
ed to the use or the cigarette ought to
be commended and not ridiculed by your
facile pen. Just think how it would have
been with yourself. Yours in favor of
striking even' possible blow at the filthy
practice. T. H. STEPHENS
Eureka, Cal., October 22.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CLIFF HOUSE FIRE— O. G., City. The
old Cliff House was destroyed by fire De
cember 25, 1894.
TO THE FARALLONES— K. A. 8.,
City. The distance from the Cliff House
to the North Farallones is 26H miles, to
the Middle Farallones 23% miles and to
the South Farallones 22\ miles.
WORTH HALF A DOLLAR-T. B. M..
Alameda, Cal. A 50-cent piece of 1853 with
rays around the eagle is not the kind that
numismatists seek. Such a coin tn them
is worth just 50 cents. Dealers offer them
at prices varying from 75 cents to $1 25
according to condition.
JOURNEYMEN PLUMBERS— A. S..
City. There Is in San Francisco a Jour
neymen Plumbers' and Oas and Steam
Fitters' Association which meets on the
first and third Wednesday of each month
In the Alcazar building. As to plumbers,
union men are paid $4 and work eight
hours; in non-union shops the price is
from $2 to $3 per day and the hours from
eight to eight and a half and even nine
hours. A man usually begins at $2 and
is raised to $ if competent.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA— P. M. C,
Angels, Cal. The exact location of the
District of Columbia, the seat of Govern
ment of the United States, is between lat
itude 38 degrees 51 minutes and 39 de
grees, and longitude 76 degrees 58 min
.utes and 77 degrees 6 minutes west. It
is ten miles long from northwest to south
east, is bounded on the north, northwest,
east and southeast by Maryland, and on
the west and southwest by the Potomac
River and Virginia. It Is 200 miles from
the ocean by the Potomac River and the
Chesapeake Bay. Its area is sixty-four
square miles.
STRAIGHTS AND FLUSHES— C. E.,
City. According to Hoyle, a straight Is
five cards following in regular order of
denomination as ace, two, three, four and
five, and the cards may be of different
suits; a straight will beat triplets. In a
straight the ace plays both ways, but Its
value Is different; when with the king,
queen, knave and ten. it makes i the n *n-
BBt; when with two' three four and^me^
the lowest. A flush is five f£ rc jf' * v In
the same suit and beats three ace^ in
the flush the ace counts. both l wa>s as m
the straight. Ace with the ■ Wnsr. qU t e W o'
knave and ten will beat ..ace ■» itn wo.
three, four and five. ; Two three lour
five and six is the lowest" flush that can
be held. A royal of straight »»Bnom
ranks four cards of the same denomma
tion. .' '■:. '■ r ■ _
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend's*
Genuine eyeglasses, specs, 10c, 40c. St
4th. Look out for No. 81, next grocery. .
' Special information- -'supplied daily +to
business houses and public, men by the .
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's) 510 Mont-,
gomery .. street. Telephone . Main iih~ ,-: A .
"Speaking of ' getting .a . tooth :P^ e^»"
said the Cornfed Philosopher,, 'that is one.
instance where a man is bound -to sta> .
and see the thing out."— Indianapolis:
Journal. __■.■•: - ••**
Through Tourist Car to St. PauL
This car is nicely upholstered in. "»»«£
leaves every . Tuesday night, no change. Go«
via Shasta route and Northern Pacific Rail
way. The scenic line of the continent Tick
ets on sale to all Eastern cities at lowest rates.
T. K. Stateler. general agent, 633. Market si..
San Francisco. . -. __
, r ..pp.o DYSPEPSIA TABLETS' - ARE
JiZn? posltuV^rantee. Cures heartburn
raising of the food. eating w any
form of dv*pepsia. One little tablet g.ves im
mediate relief. At No Percentage Pharmacy.
Commercial lunch, 11 to 2. Among the Bar
rels. 863 Market st. ,— — «t— -^
ADVERTISEMENTS. '>
MACKAY'S
CARPETS!
THIS ; WEEK and during NOVEM- m
BER we' have some extraordinary val- n ,
ues to offer in this line. The choicest fe
I designs from best mills in full assort- fc
I ment. These quotations should be con-
I vincing: »jj
I 60 patterns 10-wire Tapestry Tso . H -
M Parlor, Bedroom and Hall and Stair m ■
fej '•' ~' r ' ' ■ Effects. ;.■ . - tj
0 30 patterns. Best Tapestry. beautiful •g.
|| new designs ;,.. .v-o7»C ||
a 25 patterns Medium Tapestry, bright |1
H and quiet effects OTAO ||
|| Big line Lowell Brussels $1.20 11
M Axmlnster '. 51 .20 13
H 100 odd Rolls Linen "Warp Matting, R
13 22'^c per yard. Roll .....SS.OO Kj
H English Linoleum ............4Oc B
ft Same in .12 ft. width; heavy 55c ||
H All of 'the. above prices include the K|
1 laying. ..'•:■• ... , ..H
FURNITURE.
I The balance of this stock now remain- fri
I ing is to be CLOSED OUT. Don't miss M
f an opportunity to buy '.* - ■ H
I CHAMBER SUITS. PARLOR SUITS.- -O
9 DINING TABLES and CHAIRS.' In H
I fact everything for household use at |a
B less than cost. fn
I ALEX. MACKAY & SON I
I 715 Market St. |
NO PftlNl NO PAINI
■>«SSSSk '"* WM * Prices is the Cltyf
WORK
V£3f *"% GUARANTEED.
8| 1 - 1 r •''■*' TEETH WITHOUT ■
■ggjj *Mb flB( plate* a speoialtt.
4f ■ V^r IS •.-'■'• Foil ■- Set of Teeth." ex-
i\f » m V 1,. 4 .. trading fn?e..54.50 up
■^>S jfiSo "••*■ Gold Crowns.
B^jUl^^^^^jF-«L. Fillings .......;. ..230 up
jk>39j|^ ELECTRO-DENTAL
vSSm^^^SulTM Suite 7, Flood Building,
T^T~ 809 MARKET ST. '
Office Hi*.— • *.m. to 10 p.m.; Sun..' 9 to 2 p.m.
STATEMENT
OF THE-; —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
HARTFORD FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD, IN THE STATE OF CON-
nectlcut, on the 31st day of .December, A."
D. 1897, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of tha
State of California, pursuant to the provisions"
of. sections 610 and 611 -of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL..
Amount of capital' stock, paid up
in cash ....$1,250,000 00
• ASSETS. ' ' ••■• ■■:'<,&'*
Real estate owned by company.'....; '$647,000 M
Loans, on bonds and mortgages 1,654,590 00
Cash market value of all- stocks '■■:•' -■
and bonds owned by company 6,724,568 75
Amount of loans secured by pledge ' •■ "
of bonds, stocks and other market- " ■•">*•"
able securities as c011atera1.....:.. -.14,800 00
Cash In company's office...: - .73,224 05
Cash in banks :.... 742,545 44
Interest due and. accrued on all'
stocks and loans :..". .' ' 58 75
Interest due and accrued on bonds ■ •. . -■-
and mortgages. , 25J933 49
Premiums in due course of collection 1,107,871 37
Rents due and accrued .: - . 1,034
Total assets $10,894,639 29
LIABILITIES. ,
Losses adjusted and unpaid $147,326 23.
Losses in process of adjustment or - " • .- .
in suspense .' :...-. :.....'... 290,967 83
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 72,435 23-
Gross premiums on fire risks run- - .
ning one year or less. $4,342,541 31;
reinsurance 50 per cent i 2,171,270 68
Gross premiums on fire risks run- - l
nlncr more than one year, $5,133,-
822 07; reinsurance pro rata 2,637,813 14
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become due 75.QQ0 00
Total liabilities; .....$5,394,53S 13
.';• INCOME. - -'V ' ;
Net cash actually received for fire .
premiums ...;. ................$3,742,564 74
Received for Interest on bonds and -. - (~
mortgages .■.'.:...............•.;..-.■.,.. . . 71,498 13
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources.-'. -315.757 65
Received for rent».. ...:.. * 1,735 33
Total- income .i! $6,139,555 93
EXPENDITURES. .. r .
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding $453,630 85, losses of pre- 5
vious ■ years'! ....:...- ; $3,212 619 45
Dividends to stockholders 375,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage ......"..■ ...-....<.'. ..:...'..' 903,621 37
Paid for salaries,, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... ' 434,730 37;
Paid for State, national and • local . '•
1 taxes 1:7,86314
•All other payments and expenditures 606,383 4'J
Total expenditures $3,560,018 02
■ *'- ■ . . : '■ Fire.
Louses incurred during the year $3,198.720 28
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $591,318,441 $7,236,258 32
Net amount of risks ex- . -. ,=..-»
• pired during the year.. . 559,274,573 7 360,465 08
Net amount in force De- ... — <-..-
cember 31. 1897. ...... 784.594.406 9,476,363 S3.
GEO. L. CHASE, President. "
■^ • • ;P; P C " R °YCE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 12th
day of January, ■■ 1898. . .
; M. B. SCOTT, Notary Public. . }
H. K. BELDEN,
Manager Pacific Department^ ;^|
WHITNEY PALACHE, Assistant Mariagar,
313 CALIFORNIA ST., 
SAN FRANCISCO. ', -
! Special Agents and Adjusters J. J
'■-. AGARD, J. J. DENNIS, JOHN Mi
 . - HOLMES. i -;-V: ; ■ ■BERKELEY FRESHMEN WIN.
Four Touchdowns Made Against Stanford's Cubs
by a Strong Blue and Gold Eleven Which
Plays Great Football.
California Freshmen, 21; Stanford
Freshmen, 0.
FULLY 3000 spectators watched the j
California cubs rub . the dirt and
dust of Recreation Park into the
eyes and skins of the eleven young
athletes from Palo Alto yesterday i
afternoon. A typical football gathering
filled the grand stand and bleachers. The i
cohorts from Berkeley were perched In i
their own section and the shouters from ,
Palo Alto did not mingle with them, but
eat alone in their icy seclusion, for it was :
a freezing day for Stanford. The fifth j
game between the freshman classes was ;
an overwhelming victory for California.
Harry Cross. Stanford's coach, sighed
and wore a look that was fathoms deep:
Garret Cochran smiled and seemed satis-
fled; the Stanford contingent on the
bleachers painted in red yelled but once,
and the California 'supporters acted as if
the one object in this world was to shout
themselves hoarse, wave blue and gold
flags, ribbons, chrysanthemums and in
quire every other minute what was the
matter with this man or that man. Stan
ford shouted but once, which was when
the whistle sounded the beginning of the
game. After that the occasion was not
there, so they kept silent and did heaps |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GET FLESH-
Cet . Strength. Vigor, Clear Complexion
and Good Digestion, Not by Patent
Medicine, but In Nature's Own Way
Any honest physician will tell you that
there is but one way to get increased
flesh; all the patent medicines and cod
liver oils to the contrary notwithstand-
ing.
Nature has but one way to increase
flesh, strength and vigor, mind and
body, and that is through the stomach,
by wholesome food, well digested.
There is no reason or common sense in
other method whatever.
People are thin, run down, nervous,
pale, and shaky in their nerves simply
because their stomachs are weak.
They may not think they have dys-
pepsia, but the fact remains that they
do not eat enough food, or what they
eat is not quickly and properly digest-
ed, as it should be.
Dr. Harlandson says the reason is
because the stomach lacks certain di-
gestive acids and peptones and de-
ficient secretion of gastric juice.
Nature's remedy in sue., cases is to
supply what the weak stomach lacks.
There are several good preparations
which will do this, but none so readily
as Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, which
are designed especially for all stomach
troubles, and which cure all digestive
weakness on the common sense plan
of furnishing the digestive principles
which the stomach lacks.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets give per-
fect digestion. First effect is to In-
crease the appetite, and increased
vigor, added flesh, pure blood and
strength of nerve and muscle is the
perfectly natural result.
Stuart's. Dyspepsia Tablets is the
safest tonic known and will cure any
form of stomach trouble except cancer
of the stomach. May be found at
druggists, at 50 cents for full-sized
package or direct by mail from Stuart
Company, Marshall, Mich.
ij NICKEL- k/\ ;
< PLATED M ;
j! FOWLING VS.
i; shears— (jg) ;
|' Latest design, best flt^T|*s. ' |
i 1i 1 quality steel, usual VEalw X ' i
j! price $3, will sell /f^L./ j'
i 1i 1 this week only at %„ &\ i 1i 1
j! $2.00 each. Or-V i
< MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED.
i| WILL & FINCK CO., ||
1 81S-820 Market St. ]'
Use f***k and
Facial Soap 2^7 facial Cream.
■:• • -
Woodbury's Facial Soap. Facial Cream. Fa-
cial and Tooth Powder have the Indorsement of
the Medical and Dental Professions. Sold
everywhere.
tvi«tt DR. JORDAN'S «*•»*
tijfal Museum of Anatomy
fpUil 1051 mm ST. b«t. Bti * 7th, 8. T. Cli.
J B ■ The I »r « » i o n i ■ k led ITorlA.
IJSS>\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
I PvtW \ Cfininluttos fr«. TVrfit for tt.ok
v\ I If Philosophy of Marriage.
h fi MAILED VREE.
DR. ED. E. HILL
Fop CORONER.
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND PTOPUra
PAKTT NOMINEB.
lof thinking instead. The freshies with
! the cardinal shirts who strutted a brief
: hour and a quarter on the Recreation
Park gridiron were a sorry lot after the
game. The red was transformed into
1 black and seemed buried under a tower
j ing heap of blue and gold. The result
i of the ninety minutes' ecstaey was a daz-
I zling victory for the Berkeleyites and an
I ignominious defeat for the bedraggled
banners of Stanford.
There was but one team in the game
■from start to finish. For a few minutes
when Stanford buckled down to work and
held the California freshmen on the two
yard line it lool*ed as if there was some
mucilage in the Stanford rushers, but this ,
proved a delusion and ever after the Stan
ford team acted as if they were sorry for
the creditable defense they made when
their goal was in danger. Early in the
first half Smith and Lippman and More,
all wearing the striped shirt of blue and
I gold plugged the red obstruction in front
of them for big gains until the danger
point was reached, and then the cardinal
stiffened sufficiently to get possession of
the ball. This was the only time the
Stanford colts played a good laudable
After this surprising and inconsistent
burst of speed the California team began
to exert itself on the road to touch
downs, and inside of five minutes a lot
of sprawling blue and gold kickers inex
tricably bound up with their red-shirtf-d
enemies on the goal line told the story of
a touchdown. Smith and Lippmann of
California, backed up by the entire team,
won the first score for California, and
the noise that floated over the field was
a sonorous indication that their efforts
were appreciated. Another touchdown
was scored in the first half, due to the
successful plugging of the Stanford line
and general fast work of the blue and
gold in their team play. Smith carried
the ball over for the first five points,
Lippman for the second. No goals were
kicked either tim*.
After that California, conscious mat
the Stanford team could make little head- | (
-way on the offensive, kicked the ball ; ,
whenever it was necessary. The defen- i ,
sive play of the Eerkeleyites was always ,
sufficiently effective to prevent the Stan- ;
ford team from gaining the required dis- \ -
tance, necessitating a kick after every I
second try on the part of the latter. At j •
times Stanford would hold the California ;
backs and regain the ball on downs but
this was not often, and the loss of the .
spheroid would follow so hard upon its |
possession that nothing but complete
failure remained for Palo Alto's cubs.
In the second half the play opened with j
a series of punting interchanges and j
some rare fumbling on the part of Car- j
son, who was supposed to be a fort in
the back field for the cardinal. After the 1
spasm of kicking subsided Smith broke
out of the bunch at the center of the
field and was not downed until he reached j
the thirty-yard line. Then the line buck- j
ing began anew, and the third touch- 1
down was scored, but no goal was V
kicked. Score: 15-0: !
All this time the Stanford men played
without ginger and without snap. There
was some few minutes left, and it was a
mere matter of drawing equations with
time on one side and touchdowns on the
other so far as California was concerned. I
Three times the blue and gold tried for |
a goal after touchdowns and missed, so
they tried the fourth, and made it, but
by the merest accident. The ball struck
the goal post and sidled over the cross j
bar. Then the 3000 people seemed satis
fied and yelled some more— those adorned
in red to* drown the terrific din of their
rivals with chrysanthemums and violets.
The score board read 21—0, and received
no additions during the rest of the game. :
The men who distinguished themselves
In the football battle yesterday belong
with but one exception to the blue and [
gold team. First Smith would dash
through the pack and then Lippman for
steady gains of appreciable distances.
More the fullback of the California
eleven, punted in splendid shape. Womble
and Hill on the ends were down on every
kick and generally toppled over the
Stanford man in his tracks. But it was
not the individual playing of the Califor
nia men that won the game it was the
principles instilled by the coach; Coch ran,
concentration of effort and a general as
sistance to the runner.
The line up was as follows.
Stanford ' Positions. California.
Staniora. Left End. Right........ ..W0mb1e
DpiY,: ....Left Tackle. Right....... Hansen
j^ton'.'" Left Guard. Right Clay
rsHirf .......Center • — .......Duden
rAlrna" ' .....RiEht- Guard. Left Campbell
Webber" .-Rlßht Tackle. Left.....Albert*on
Rice ..'.■.... ...RiKht End. Left .....Hill
C00per.......... Quarter .........Klnaey
F Get"sler . ( !.... Left Half. Right........... 5mith
Downing 1!:.... Half. Left Lipnir.an
Carson ....Full .■■■■■.—■...... .■■....■■ More
Fire in a Carpenter Shop.
An alarm was turned in from box 157
at 7 o'clock last evening for a fire in the
carpenter shop of Frank Schmitz at 807
Folsom street. The flames ate their way
to the upper story, occupied by Henry
Wolf and wife as a dwelling:, and into
the barber shop of J. A- Wilson at 302*
Fourth street. The buildingr is owned by
Henry Knuat, and the total damage is
estimated at $1000. The coke and coal
establishment of P. A. McDonald at 813
Folsom street had a narrow escape. The
cause of the blazo is unknown.
THE SAN ITKAIN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1893.
ALL TROOPS
WILL SOON BE
ON THEIR WAY
Zealandia Will Sail for
Manila To-Day.
PENNSYLVANIA ON THURSDAY
GEN. MILLER WILL REMAIN BE
HIND UNTIL THE LAST.
Two Tennessee Privates Get Twelve
Months at Alcatraz and a Dis
honorable Discharge for
Desertion.
The final assignment of the remaining
expeditionary forces has been made. To
, day week will have seen the departure
i of the last of the troops that have for six
months been encamped here. The New
: port, Pennsylvania, Zealandla and City
of Pueblo are the transports that will
sail this week, and these four vessels will
1 be sufficient to carry all of the troops.
i The Zealandia will sail this afternoon
I with companies A, B, C, E, F. L. and M
!of the First Tennessee Regiment. On the
' vessel will go Colonel Smith and. his head
quarters with live hospital stewards,
; making in all 590 men that will sail on
: this transport. •
The Pennsylvania will take the entire
Fifty-first lowa Regiment and will sail
on Thursday if nothing should happen to
prevent. The Newport is ready to go
now, but will wait for General filler, who
desires to get all the troops off before he
leaves. No orders are out for this vessel,
but she will carry the remaining battalion
of the Kansas Regiment, the Wyoming
Light Battery and the remainder of the
California Heavy Artillery. This will only
leave the five companies of the Tennessee
Regiment and the Nevada Cavalry, and
these organizations will go on the City
of Pueblo. The Pueblo was inspected on
Friday by Major Moseley and Captains
Thompson and Raymond, and was ac
cepted. She will be in shape and ready
by the last of the week to sail, and in all
probability will accompany the Newport.
The transports sent out during the last
month have been the best equipped for
the comfort and health of the nen of any
that have gone to Manila, Each soldier
has a Turner bunk, which gives a man an
aisle on both sides and does not necessi
tate his crawling over other men, which
was the case with some of the first trans
ports. Many other conveniences have been
put in the vessels for the men. This has
been done at the urgent demand of the
Board of Inspection. Major Moseley and
Captains Thompson and Raymond com
pose this board.
General Merriam stated yesterday that
as soon as the troops had got away the
business of the department would once
more be on a routine basis, with this ex
ception—the effairs of the departments of
Hawaii and the Philippines would have
to be administered from here. San Fran
cisco will become the point of communi
cation betweeen Washington and these
departments, and the shipping point of
troops and supplies, which will mean
much to this city. General Merriam
could not say how long the volunteer
troops would be kept over in Manila. It
is very probable that as soon as all the
FIRST GREAT ANNIVERSARY SALE
17Dr717 Thatmoney-
F IX E- C-« saving book,
our new Fall Catalogue.
Mailed free. Write for it.
Need a New Parlor Suit ?
[J[" U j.
&%£**£!: Three-Piece Parlor Suits
In every possible covering, full spring edge and seat, finely 25 00
upholstered and are right up to date— one of each— price H/^^.vr^
How About New Carpets ?
<0p
,y^pKJoj ii
In Lace Curtains and Portieres
We're showing all the newest patterns and de-
signs. And you can select from the richest real Lace
Curtains and pure Silk Portieres, to the Nottinghams
and Damask Hangings. All new, all extra specially
low priced.
»5 for IRISH POINT CURTAINS; worth $7 60.
9Oc for fine FISHNET CURTAINS; worth $1 25.
Blankets and Bedding.
We can furnish you with everything you need In
such things. Pillows and Bolsters, Blankets and
Comforts.
$3 50 fine sateen-covered COMFOR-
TER white carded cotton filled,
for #2 75
$8 extra heavy 12-4 76x84 fine white un-
shrinkable CALIFORNIA BLAN-
KETS, for pair IpO
troops have left General Merriam will be
gin his annual inspection of the various
posts of his department, which he is an
nually required to make.
Privates E. A. Lannom and Edward S.
Smith of Company F, First Tennessee
Regiment, having been tried by a general
court-martial on the charge of desertion
in violation of the forty-seventh article
of war, and having been found guilty,
were both sentenced to be dishonorably
discharged from the service and to be
confined on Alcatraz Island at hard labor
for one year.
In compliance with telegraphic instruc
tions from Washington, General Merriam
yesterday issued orders for recruit Sam
uel J. Peterson, enlisted in this city, to
be assigned to the Fourth Cavalry, and to
proceed to Fort Yellowstone, "Wyoming,
to join his station.
BARRY ;S UNPAID TAXES.
Has Been Sued by the City Because
He Refuses to Pay Up.
James EL Barry, Democratic candidate
for Congress, will be the defendant in a
suit to be heard next Friday in Judge
Barry'u court wherein Walter M. Willett,
special counsel for the city in the work
of collecting delinquent taxes, will en
deavor to obtain from Mr. Barry, on four
counts, sums aggregating $88 61. which he
claims are due for unpaid personal taxes
on household furniture and the defend
ant's printing plant. The matter came up
before Judge Barry yesterday and wad
continued, to suit the convenience of the
parties concerned.
Rheumatism, kidney, liver disease* curwd. Dr.
Gordin, Sanitarium. 514 Pine, nr. Kearny. sj.F. Cal.
CORDELIA BOTKIN
PLEADS NOT GUILTY
FORMALLY ARRAIGNED BY
JUDGE COOK.
Trial "Will Be Set Next Saturday.
In the Meantime Witnesses
Will Be Summoned
From Delaware.
Mrs. Cordelia Botkln, whose name now
appears upon the records of the City
Prison charged with the murder of Mrs.
John P. Dunning, stood before Judge
Cook yesterday morning for arraignment.
The indictment of the Grand Jury was
read. The prisoner pleaded not guilty.
When the case of Mrs. Botkin was
called Judge Cook ordered that the pris
oner be discharged so far as the warrant
of extradition, issued by Governor Budd,
was concerned; but ordered her Into cus
tody on a bench -warrant issued under au
thority of tbe indictment. The prisoner
wfes then arraigned, and after her plea
had been entered George A. Knight asked
that further proceedings be postponed
until next Saturday. On that date the
cane will be set for trial. In the mean
time the Delaware witnesses will be sum
moned and brought to this city.
At the conclusion of the proceedings
Mrs. Botkin was taken to the City Prison
to gather up her small effects and then,
guarded by a Deputy Sheriff, she was
taken to Branch County Jail No. 3, where
she will remain until the beginning of the
trial.
Ladies' tailor-made suits. Fur capes, cloaks,
credit. M. Kothschild, 211 Sutter St.. r. S and 7.
A Game for Lowell.
The Lowell High School snatched a foot
ball victory from the Santa Rosa High
I School yesterday In a hard-fought game
played at Santa Rosa. The score was 6 to
5. There was no scoring in the first half,
but soon after the opening of the second
Robinson, right half of the Lowells, eot
the ball over the line. A well-kicked goal
made the score 6— o. Then Drysdale. right
half and captain of the Santa Rosas,
scored a touchdown for his side, but as
Noonan missed the goal the Santa Rosas
lost by one. Rooney, Hopper ajid Robin
son did best work for Lowell and Drya
dale and Noonan for Santa Rosa.
It is said that success is the true test
of merit If this is so, then surely our merit, measured by our suc-
cess, must be of the highest order. We claim, however, no royal
road in the building up of this business. We have simply gained the
confidence of the purchasing public by supplying the choicest and
most dependable merchandise at LOWEST PRICES. During this
our First Anniversary Sale we will make hundreds of new customers.
There's no reason why you should
not buy one here this week — in fact,
we can furnish your parlor with
everything it needs.
Beautiful Parlor Suits here, in
dozens of the richest new designs;
overstuffed, spring edge, mahogany
frame, plain and carved. Choice,
too, of all the new coverings— silk
velour, velvet, satin damask,
leather and hair. Pictures, too,
and Cabinets, Fancy Tables, Onyx
Top Brass Tables, Odd Chairs, Or-
naments—in fact, everything you
want or need:
Don't you need some this fall?
Come right in this week and select
from the largest stock in San Fran-
cisco. Wiltons, Velvets, Axminsters,
Tapestry Brussels, Ingrains and
down to Rag Carpets. Borders to
match, too, exquisite new designs,
and prices are lower than we've
ever before known them to be. Oil
Cloth arid Linoleums, too, an im-
mense line of them, all new, all of
the very best qualities.
No matter where you live, come
this week and you'll save a hun-
dred times your care fare.
Tapestry Brussels sOc
Velvets Nse
Axminsters J)se
Ingrains, all wool 65c
WELLS-FARGO
MUST PAY
MORE DAMAGES
New Suits Against the
Company.
SHIRKED ITS WAR TAXES
PATRONS WOULD NOT AFFIX
THE STAMPS.
In Each Case $50 Damages Are
Asked and Suits Galore
Are Expected to r ,
Follow.
The shirking of its war stamp tax by
Wells, Fargo & Co. may soon prove to
be an expensive proceeding, Judging from
the developments in the Justices' Courts
Saturday. Two more suits were filed
against the express company by Indig
nant citizens, who had vainly offered to
the San Francisco office of the company
certain parcels of merchandise, with the
money for the express charges, but with
out the extra one cent in each case for
the war stamp.
The complaints were both filed by the
law firm of McGowan & Squires, the
plaintiffs being H. B. Benham and B.
Johnson, both residents of this city. In
each case damages amounting to $50 are
asked.
Benham states In his petition that on
September 22 he offered a parcel of mer
chandise to the company for transporta
tion to Santa Barbara, at the same time
tendering the regulation charge of 30
cents. The agent of the company refused
to receive the package. The shipper was,
therefore, put to great inconvenience and
was obliged to send his package by an
other carrier, involving delay and trouble.
In view of the fact that Wells, Fargo &
Co. Is a common carrier, he considers
that its refusal to take his express mat
ter Is worth $50 to him, and he prays
the court so to decide.
Johnson's complaint Is similar, except
that his package was destined for Oak
land, and he tendered the price for trans
portation—2s cents— which was refused.
This happened on September 12. He also
considers the refusal of Wells, Fargo &
Co. to handle his consignment to be
worth $50.
It Is quite evident that the practice of
the express company in avoiding Its just
tax Is going to be the means of enrich
ing all of the citizens of San Francisco
who care to take the trouble to offer a
parcel to the agent of the Wells-Farog
concern, and after it is refused for lack
of the one cent for a stamp, recover
damages according to the established
precedent in the courts.
TO PLAY EASTERN MEN.
To-Morrow's Game May Show Some
Outsiders and a Row.
To-morrow's game between the Millers
from Stockton and J. Cal Ewing's Bald-
Headed Colts from the Athenian City is
causing considerable excitement among
the cranks. The Stocktons bjave sent the
name of Sam Mertes, the Chicago in
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Gilt Chairs.
*"^ I?*
Here's --a Chair you can't
match anywhere else under
»7.00, and this week we'll sell
you one for $4-25. It; ' 8 sub " '
stantially made, so well gilded :
that It'll wear for years. Has
Satin Damask covered tufted
back, and is, in every respect,
a beautiful piece of furniture.
Come early for we'll sell lots
of them at this bargain price.
||^^^^ %
ir
Chiffoniers.
We have a great assortment
of them In all the different
woods— Plain Oak ones, with
roomy ■ Drawers, as low as
$0.00, up to the handsomest
Walnut," Curly Birch. Birds-
eye Maple and solid Mahogany,
as high as $42.00.
■ But not ■ one that Isn't cheap
nt our price. You can buy the
one like cut this ■ week for
$4.25.
pattosien's
fielder. In their line up. This has brought
the dignity of the hustling Oakland man
ager to the surface, and he is declaring
that If they play Mertes that he will take
the league rules in his own hands. Mr.
Ewing stated la9t night that he will se
cure George Van Haltren of the New
Torks and Billy Lange of the Chlcagos
and will have them in an Oakland uni
form to-morrow If Mr. Campbell presents
Mertes on his team.
The 6tockton manager claims that he
has as much right to play Eastern play
ers as the Sacramentos and Athletics. He
says that the executive committee do not
do their duty according to the roles or
they would not allow other clubs to play
ineligible men on their team. He em
phatically states that he will play Mertes,
as he is not going to lose any chance to
finish the season within the first three.
A lively time can be expected at Recre
ation Park before the game starts to
morrow, as both Ewing and Campbell are
very determined on this matter.
The following will be the line ups for
to-morrow's game:
Oakland. Position. Stockton.
Moskimon Pitcher Harper
Sullivan Catcher ~ F ? cc
BU»s First base V? el , n ?-
O'Neill Second base .Smith
Lanxe Third base .Mertes
Bchmeer Shortstop B ii lln 5 s
Dean Left field Muller
Donovan Center field Rice
Hardie .....Right field Knell
GOLFERS PURCHASE
A CLUBHOUSE SITE
WILL BUILD A FANCY STBUO-
TUBE THEBEON.
German Savings and Loan Society
Secures Property on Which.
to Extend Its Bank
Building.
Th© Golf. Syndicate, composed of Borne
of the leading golfers of the city, filed two
documents yesterday In the Hall of Rec
ords that are of Interest, as showing the
plans of the organization. First, a deed
of property from Sarah E. Tibbetts was
presented. In which she transferred for a
consideration of $2650. 70x120 feet of ground
at the end of Second avenue, next to the
Presidio Reservation. The other Instru
ment recorded was a contract entered
Into with Williams Bros., contractors, to
erect a fine clubhouse two stories In
height, which Is to cost $3435. Plans and
specifications are included In the agree
ment as filed. .^''fi'
The German Savings and Loan Society
also recorded a deed given by the Spring
Valley Water Company for a considera
tion of $25,000. transferring the old three
story brick building and grounds on Cal
ifornia street, near Montgomery, where
the water comapny formerly had its of
fices. It is understood that the bank will
build an extension to its own premises on
the site of the old building just pur-
Cfa ELS * :~~■■ * .'■ . '.■> .y -' ;
The famous B. F. Ragan lease for the
Stanyan street police station was re-re
corded yesterday for the third time, with
the codicil stating that the rent per month
charged to the city would be $125 instead
of $165.
CONSUMPTION CURED.
An old physician, retired from practice, had
placed in his hands by an East India mission
ary the formula of a simple vegetable remedy
for the speedy and permanent cure of Con
sumption, Bronchitis, Catarrh, Asthma and all
Throat and Lung Affections: also a positive
and radical cure for Nervous Debility and all
Nervous Complaints. Having tested its won
derful curative powers In thousands of oases,
and desiring: to relieve human suffering, I will
send free Qf charge to all who wish It, this re
cipe, in Gerthan, French or English, with full
directions for preparing and using. Sent by
mall by addressing, with stamp, naming this
paper, W. A. Noyes, S2O Powers block. Roches
ter, N. Y.
Theodore Figel's Trial.
The trial of Theodore Flgel on several
counts of forgery and embezzlement has
been set for November 28.
i i
MR A. M. HAINES, formerly J
with Alexander Mackey & Son,
Is with us and extends an In-
vitation to his many friends <
to call and see him.
Chamber Suits j
In dozens of the very latest pat- &;&%&&■ -- <
terns, have been gathered together fPfcßßrt '' .: ;<
for you to choose from. Mahogany \MSnfl|/ *
Suits, Curly Birch. Bird's Eye Ma- Jll^p^ ; ■ jg^ <
pie, Circassian "Walnut, Golden Oak Tw.fftil »^^^ <
and Antique Oak, all the best Kj ' IBHfl^E- <
woods, and every Suit made as sol- OL^ J--JBT"* *
idly, as substantially as though \SSs?g|3«§s: S^*? <
you'd had it built to order by a cab- JsiSSlSEijpplW <
met maker, for we don't keep KhmjuiMj^mmr^^-t *
trashy furniture; don't care to sell <Bf ■ s "*^- ; !(^ *
that sort — fact, we couldn't and » - -^^-.-j." ' '
do the enormous business we carry *&r ■• -" *4& <
on now. But these Suits are not ■ — r 'l~,' "~. <
expensive— »20, $25 for nice \ \ ,
ones, up to $100 or more for the <
finest. j
Your Dining %
_^ ' _ jinn mi' nII»i li
Room. i
Don't you need a £s \H '«Ss9 c V= 2 <
nice Extension Ta- Vl&Srfi&s£LJs£l » •'
ble? We have a com- P^fr^ft^'A^^^^iS
plete stock of them; FQs23s£Zi£Q££t&3\ '■';,'<
splendid Oak Tables, vlff^i ' ■ nvw '^ v
neatly carved, for yf \& V^V • ; >;' <
$0 50; built well, M - •fW <
too; the sort to last Mm?* »^^ <
a lifetime; and just as expensive as you care to go, <
but every price the lowest. '*
$15 Golden Oak Dining Tables. .sl2 00 : <
$30 Golden Oak Dining Tables.. s22 50 J
<
Combination mmm I
Library Cases. E^fSPii
These are the most . convenient 4kr*"^- *?*'. ."' i /ra <
kind, unless you're a book worm Ss3o* fer^^fwi. <
and have --^ lots jof books. But, Pust ift^MsK^ *
even so, we have very large ones. gjA\j£ f Wl l<
as well as the daintier small ones. >*>tw ''■Hk/.'Sy.- -. <
Very handsome Cases in Oak and ■ x ijjS v
exquisite ones in Mahogany, from ■ ~" <
$8 50 up to 940 or>ssO: • ■/-*
ADVERTISEMjSNTS.
GAGE and NEFF
PROSPERITY
61NCE
McKinley's Election:
The Republican party has adopted
a
Protective Tariff,
Which benefits the American Me-
chanic, Manufacturer and Producer.
Reciprocity,
Which adds to the profits of th«
Agriculturist
For Sound Currency.
Hawaii has been annexed.
Extension of our commerce to the Phil-
ippines.
The Administration's Cuban policy suc-
cessful.
Hon. ffelster Dam
OF MISSOURI,
The Distinguished and Eloquent
Orator, at
WOODWARD'S PAVILION, .
MONDAY EVENING,
October 31.
\ DON'T FAIL TO HEAR HIM.
ALL ARE WELCOME
frank Mclaughlin.
Chairman Republican State Central Com-
mittee. .
E. C. HART. Secretary.
DEMOCRATIC
DISTRICT MEETINGS.
MAYOR PHELAN,
FRANKLIN K. LANE,
BARCLAY HENLEY,
DR. WASHINGTON DODGE
AND OTHER PROMINENT SPEAKERS
WILL ADDRESS THE VOTERS ON THB
ISSUES OF THE DAT ON
MONDAY, OCTOBER 31,
AT
t Thirty-second— Potrero Opera House, Ten-
nessee street, between Seventeenth and Eigh-
teenth.
Thirty-second— Grand Central Hotel, 530 Third
street.
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 1,
Fortieth— Richmond Hall, Fourth avenue and
Clement street.
Under the auspices of the Democratic City and -
County Committee. ' '
M. JASPER MCDONALD. Chairman.
THOMAS J. WALSH. Secretary.
FOR
MAYOR:
JAMES D. PHELAN,
REGULAR
DEMOCRATIC
AND Sa&^eVS
NON-PARTISAN
NOMINEE. . .
FOR. . .
SHERIFF,
T. F. BONNET,
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND NON-
PARTISAN NOMINEE.
WOK. . . .
PUBLIC . . .
ADMINISTRATOR,
A. C. FREESE
INDEPENDENT
NOMINEE.
FOR ASSESSOR,
JOHN D. SIEBE
(PRESENT INCUMBENT),
rETTmtIC-IN, NON-PARTISAN AJO POP*
ULIST NOMINEE. *
— — ~~ :: — — "—." — . .- . . »i
Wwok
county clerk,
M. A. DEANE,
REGULAR
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
ASA R. WELLS,
J FOR AUDITOR.
Republican. Non-Partisan and Citizen** R*.
publican Nominee. Voting Number 7.
FOR RAILROAD COMMISSIONER. . .
CHAS.S.LAUMEISTER
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
sSrsnorConiL.! RHODES BORIjEN
(INCUMBENT.) v
DEMOCRATIC, NON-PARTISAN AND PEO-
— PLE'S PARTY NOMINEE. ,:
_^ — n
VOTE FOR...
DR. C; C. O'DONNELL
FOR CORONER
. AND THE : DEAD WILL BiS . RESPEOTB^. ,
78
A ROYAL, LOYAL WELCOME
FROM ALAMEDA'S HOSTS
Standard-Bearer Gage Greeted by a Vast
Assemblage at the Oakland
Tabernacle.
The Glorious Principles of Republicanism Eloquently Re
cited in Distinction to the Fallacious Doctrines
of Popocratic Maguireism — A Rally
That Means Votes.
OAKLAND, Oct. 29.— The standard
bearers of the Republican party must
have been gratified with the display of
party loyalty made on the streets of
Oakland and at the Exposition building
to-night The demonstration proved the
liiit. aaing interest in the Republican
ticket as the election approaches. Dele
gations from nil parts of the county were
in line, aiul so generally is it recognized
that when the Republicans are out all
other parties may as well save their red
iir,- that the Independents postponed their
demonstration arranged for to-night till
next Monday evening.
The unanimity with which the many
Republican organizations responded to
the rail to march shows that although
there may be some local differences in the
party it is united on the State ticket I
will Rive its usual majority to the
of the ticket. Prominent in the parade
the veterans, who marched as stead
ily but perhaps not quite so sturdy as
they did when the Republican party was
born to meet the crisis no less acute
through which the country has p.
With the aid of the veterans' sons.
For- an hour before the parade started
throngs of people lined the route it ?
take and there were thousands of visitors
from outsidi towns, when a shower of
ts, a burst of red lire, the loud
ing of three mounted cannon and
the national airs from half a dozen bands
announced that the procession had
cd For nearly an hour the brilliant
play was maintained, and when the flam
beaux of the uniformed clubs Hashed out
tongues flame several feet high the
streets appeared as one large conflagra
tion from which balls of fire continually
soared into the sky. As the parade
passed The Call office the exchange
sanitations of red lire and rockets \\as
kept up until the last organization had
marched by. ,
The Union League Drill Corps cr
the bay and was given the honor ox
ing the parade. The corps turned out
strong, and its evolutions attracted much
The Republican Alliance made a splen
did showing, and the old glotfe was
twirled more speedily than ever by the
cc mascot, who has carried its em
blem in many cities in the State.
The Army and Navy Republican ;
leaeii land and Alameda fol- |
. a large silken flag, and the old sol
diers and sailors were generously
cheered. The drill corps of the Young
Men's Republican League created some
surprise by the large number of members
who man-lied in uniform, irom bmery
ville, Berkeley, Alameda and klmhurst
>ns with banners arid
transparencies and torches, and firework
were very liberally displayed. Nearl>
svery candidate on the county ticket had
a contingent in line.
Artillery wagons did valiant work in
keeping up the enthusiasm, and the hve
wagons Bent enough sulphurous fumes
.0 air to suggest to the wicked the
day of doom.
.vas brought up by the Phoenix
Republican Club of San Francisco, which
came over about 200 strong. They were
somely uniformed and did some
fancy drilling on Broadway that brough
out some generous cheering. The pro
cession extended for over a dozen blocks
and marclu-d for more than a mile
through streets lined with crowds on
>ide.
On arriving at the Tabernacle the largo
buildirg was pack* d with an audience
that was evidently in hearty accord will
all the sentiments expressed from the
platform. _ .
A 11. Breed, chairman of the Repub
Hear. County Central Committee, called
the meeting to order and introduced Dr
i'ardee, who presided durin
jvenlng. Dr. Pardee briefly Btated
that it is evident that the Alameda Coun
ty people have not forgotten their alle
glance to the Republican party. He in
trouueed the Hon. Henry T. Gage as "th
man of destiny." At least live minute
-.-'. before the distinguished bp
of the evening whs given an opportuiiily
to utter a syllable.
"If 1 were to consult my own inclina
tion as to comfort, after the bttlguss of
this campaign," said the speaker,
would keep silent; but I would violate m
promise if 1 did not pay my respects t
this vast assemblage.
"The ardor and enthusiasm I witr.
on the streets and in the Tabernacle tc
night indicate that on the Bth day of No
rt the Republican party wl
get the grandest majority that it ha
witnessed in a quarter of a century.
"One of the reasons is that the poop!
roused; they see lurking beneath tli
. party danger to their b<<t :ntei
confusion party stands fo
sentiments that if successful aiu
triumphant would retard the prosperity
of this Slate worse than ten dry j
■ d sustenance to the so
who were battling for the honor of this
country. It denies the rfght of the mine
OWnej ,;;artz he takes from the
■ B the right of the farmer to
the title of the land which he has paid
- Inst the State's products, a-nd
the right of a father leaving his son an
Itaatee. 11 is a party of sentiments.
•'I understand that my opponent has
maintained that the Republican conven
tion was dominated by railroad corrup
tion. How wns that convention got to
d legates were selected gen
erally. They were voted uponin each coun
ty, an are fifty-seven counties in
this State. How is it possible to get all
hi r and be successfully domi
nated ovei bj any one? No principle can
justi! tcept th*- belief that all
■at As Republicans we
c In the virtue of women and the
How can any man thus
ruthlessly assail a great body without any
evidence, and what is the evidence to dis
severatlon? His point
all published, the day before ti
ntion. the name of the man wh
. receive the nomination for Go\
ernor. You will observe that not only (
the day Of the i (invention, bu
three weeks before, my opponent i
named as the indisputable choice of tl
cratlc an<
"No - tiling the part
h< assails myself on railroad lines. J-
I appointed two men on my com
mi t tee who have railroad inclination
He refers to Mr. Parker and Mr. Osborn
of the l>os Angeles Express. W< !', I am
not a politician, and if successful ft wl
be the first time 1 ever received an ofl
rial salary. I'm not up In politics. 1 so
I these two nun because if they wer
■ ed in that battl<
Victory in 18M for that greatt.-
gran.le.- 1 President that lias ever sat
•< sldenUal chair since Abe Lincoln
time, thej were good enough to make m
battle in 1898. Suppose I had appointed
worn. m, would 1 then have had to do
-
"Then by innuendo he asserts that I a
personally bound up in the railroad
There is no truth in that, my countr>
DM :;. The first word I ever uttered
the campaign I took occasion to question
and denounce the right of any railroad
or corporation to enlist in politics, and I
have been consistent to this principle ever
since.
"Oh. my countrymen, of course I am
the man the railroad wanted down this
way. Often have they sought to retain me
and to pay me a fee. but I have never
received one dollar from them for the
reason that I preferred to stand for and
by the people. But I have often made
them pay thousands, thousands, thou
sands for killing and wronging my fellow
man."
The speaker next pointed to the fallacy i
of the statement made by the Examiner, !
the exponent of the fusionists, that the
funding amendment is the sole issue, and |
the speaker carefully explained this ;
amendment, which in the halls of Con- I
grass had not been opposed by Maguire, i
which had been framed by a Democrat — :
John T. Morgan of Alabama— improved uy j
a Democrat and voted for by every Demo
cratlc and I'opulistio Senator as well as ;
by Republicans, and which cannot be
modified by the Legislature. The speaker
also touched upon that alleged remedy
of all evils, the single tax. In conclusion
he said: j
"Probably it is my duty to say a few
words relative to my position. If elected
Governor of this State I will give you an
administration that is just, honest, econ- ;
omic and business-like. I will not be :
dominated by any corporation influence
whatever.
"I will be guided by one idea and pur
pose, and that purpose, ho help me (j«a,
will be effectual. I purpose to do that
which is just and fair and right by my
fellow-mar, with that right that God Al
mighty has given me." , ««•■ j-
The applause that followed Mr. Gage s
address was deafening, and after con- ,
siderable pause Dr. Pardee. introduced the :
H,,n Victor Metcalf. nominee for Con
rres from this district, who said in part:
"I have Just made a careful canvass of
this d ; !?trl<t and from all sources of infer- |
nation at hand 1 am able to say that
Henry T. Gage, our standard bearer, will
be elected by an overwhelming majority. |
I do not believe in vituperation. The par- |
ties are large enough not to resort to
personal slander."
He spoke in glowing terms of President j
McKiniey's administration and the patrl- |
otic manner in which the country is sup
porting him. and how the people in this
are a unit. He discussed briefly the sil
ver question, the protection of American !
industries, and the decrease of the public ;
debt under Republican administrations.
"The war -with Spain," said Mr. Metcalf,
"has demonstrated to the world that the I
people are a unit; that sectionalism no
longer exists; there is no longer a north,
south, east or west, but one grand, har
monious people. Every American should
highly prize his citizenship. 1 believe,
though, this priceless boon ought only to
be >< nferrefl upon the worthy. No ipr*
eigner should have it conferred until he
can read and write the English language
and understand our form of government. |
I believe in elevating the standard of citi
zenship, not degenerating It."
Mr Metcalf expressed himself in favor
of retaining all conquered territory; un
alterably opposed to the free coinage of I
silver at the ratio of 16 to 1: in favor of i
the strictest kind of an immigration law;
In favor of the Nicaragua canal, but i
owned and controlled by the Urrfted
States; in favor of harbor and river im
provements, and extending railroads the
same consideration as any private Indi
vidual.
Hon. E. F. Preston was the next and
last speaker. He said he had lived in I
the State forty-eight years, but had never
been accused of being a railroad man, yet
he once invested $2T>OO in a Salt Lake rail- !
road enterprise and that was $2.'>00 more |
than Maguire ever put up in his life
against railway monopoly. He referred
to the fusion party as the "three-tailed
monkey," without brains or sense, but !
an abnormally developed paw reaching ;
for the public treasury, and said there j
were men who speak of Jeffersonian De- j
mocracy who never read one of Jeffer. |
son's speeches or knew anything about |
the fundamental principles of govern
ment. He spoke of the evils of single j
tax, and how Magulre's success would ,
only further it. Of Maguire he said that
he need not open a kindergarten foj him
self. Gaare and Barnes, for "he can't t< ;i<h
D 8 politics, because we can never st;iy in
office sixteen years and straddle all the j
political principles that Maguire has. i
Maguire is to Stephen M. White what
Hyperion was to a satyr." He urged every
good Republican to vote for Metcalf for
Congressman and roll up the Republican
majority for Gage to such numbers that
single tux will be wiped out forever as an
issue in this State.
BARCLAY HENLEY IS A
DELINQUENT TAXPAYER
IS IN ARREARS FOR BOTH STATE
AND MUNICIPAL TAXES.
Arrearages Date Back to 1889 and
Suits Are Still Pending in
the Justices' Courts.
Barclay Henley, some time citizen of
Mexico and present Democratic candidate
for District Attorney, is, and has been
for nearly ten years, delinquent In the
payment of his taxes.
Mr. Henley takes the platform night af
ter night and dwells upon the unparalleled
honesty of Phelan's nominees. He howls,
stamps and gets purple in the face as he
recalls political corruption in times past,
but conveniently forgets that he has neg
lected to pay his pro rata toward the
support of the government of the coun
try in which he now claims citizenship.
Suits for unpaid taxes have been
brought against him time and again, but
in some mysterious manner, explained by
the initiated as the exercise of a "politi
cal pull," r.o judgment has ever been ren
dered, and they are still pending in the
Justices' courts.
The nrst on record Is 1889, against the
firm of Henley. Swift & Rigsby. The
firm paid everything except the State's
portion, which with the penalties, is
$11 30. In IMO the iirm paid no tax at all,
and Is charged with $58 35. In 1831 the
firm was changed to Henley & Swift; no
tux was paid, and $7 28 is owing. For the
year isi'l Mi. Henley owes $-5 44 for taxes
on furniture, library, watch and jewelry
In the house at 2131 Green street. In IS$3
he tiled a sworn statement that he had
$10,000 in credits and dues, $400 in money
and $165 in jewelry and furniture. His tax
was |£06 w, and the undecided
against him is No. 180,028 In the Justices"
court. On all these there is accumulat
ing an interest at 2 per pent per month.
The year 1533 finds him again delinquent
fur the sum of $44 78, and for the year 1597
the firm of Henley, Blgelow & Costello
owes $1 74.
All these items of Indebtedness are a
matter of record. Mr. Henley has been
notified in the regular way. and suit will
now be brought to recover wie entire
amount.
J. H. BARRY'S SUPPORTERS.
Hold a Poorly Attended Mass-Meet
ing in Metropolitan Hall.
Supporters of James H. Barry held a
mass meeting at Metropolitan Temple
last evening. Its conclusion was much
brighter than its opening, hut the big hall
could have seated hundreds more than
were present. When the hour for the
opening arrived the hall was practically
deserted. This was noticed by a geatle
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1898.
man on the platform and advancing to
the front he put out his hand, shifted a
quid of tobacco or a wad of gum ana
announced that the vacant appearance or
the hall was owing to the fact that the
"fellows" were out watching the Crockers
and the Hobartß in the street parade, but
all hands could find comfort in the
thought that Republican meetings were
probably suffering from the same cause.
A song was then announced and a quartet
extolled the virtues of all Democrats tO (
the tune of a forgotten "coon" song. Their
the speeches began. Frank Molly, H. »•
Jenner, Louis P. Ward, Samuel Mchee,
E. I. Woodman, Herman Gudstat and
William M. Hinton, in the order named,
addressed the meeting. All had the same
story to tell the story of the laborer s
suffering and the wrongs that had been
done him by the "green-eyed monster,
monopoly. The corporations were first
attacked, then the Republican candidates,
and lastly the "unimpeachable integrity
and honor" of all adherents of Democracy
was Impressed upon the audience.
James H. Barry finally made his ap
pearance. He was presented to the gath
ering and said: "Ladles and gentlemen
and fellow craftsmen— l have spoken at
many meetings since the opening of this
campaign, some much larger than this,
but no audience ever filled me with more
pride than this before me. I am proud
to be here, proud after hearing all that
has been sala of me by men who know me
best. I feel unworthy of this most friend
ly demonstration, but it will only lead me
to strive for higher and nobler thoughts
and deeds. I am proud that I belong to
the ranks of labor and as such I -will go to
Congress." The speaker then, like those
that preceded him, opened up an attack
on the corporations and Republicans, ex
tolled the virtues of Phelan. Maguire and
himself, and continued on in this strain
until interrupted by a voice from the gal
lery with: "We'll elect the three Jim
mies." "Yes we will elect the three Jim
mies, Maguire, Phelan and Barry," an
swered the speaker, "and on November
8 we will give the corporations the jim
jams." This sally was followed by a
shout of approval and when it had died
away the Fpeaker continued for a few
minutes on the same line and retired.
It was announced that other speakers
were to address the audience, but at the
conclusion of Barry's speech all arose to
leave the hall and the meeting was or
dered adjourned.
IN THE THIRTY-SEVENTH.
Enthusiastic Republican Meeting of
the Electors of Hayes Valley.
The electors of Hayes Valley turned out
; in large numbers last night to listen to
J speeches by the candidates on the Repub
lican municipal ticket in Mowry Hall.
i The meeting was held under the auspices
: of the Thirty-seventh Assembly District
Republican Club, and the utmost enthusi
! asm prevailed.
George A. Wenfworth of the Republican
campaign committee called the meeting
1 to order, and after a few remarks con
. cerning the favorai. c outlook for the suc
cess of the Republican ticket, both State
and local, Introduced Arthur G. Fisk as
the chairman of the meeting. The chair
man stated that it was the duty of every
citizen who desired to uphold the national
administration tc> vote for the Republican
! ticket.
Attorney General W. F. Fitzgerald was
' the first speaker. He spoke or the false
and malicious charges made by the Demo
: crats of boss rule, and sarcastically re
marked that there was more "boss" In
1 the production of the Democratic ticket
Bel eel ed by the convention of one hundred
than was ever known before, and he was
satisfied the people would not countenance
Henry N. Clement, candidate for Su
1 perlor Judge, said the Democrats could
: not claim all the honor of securing the
! new charter, as he, as a Republican, had
a hand In it and drafted many of its pro
i visions. He claimed that the Republican
: electors adopted the charter, and not the
i Democrats, and he had documentary cvi
i dence in his possession to prove it.
D J. Murphy, candidate for District At
' tornev. defended his course in the Chute
i case 'which was backed up by the Su
preme Court. His eulogy of Charles L.
Patton was received with tremendous ap
plause.
Other speakers were: I. J. Truman, can
didate for Treasurer; W. A. Deane, can
' didate for County Clerk; Police Jim^es
; Joachimsen and Low and Thomas * .
i Graham, candidate for Police Judge- John
I B Carson, candidate for Superior Judge;
Thomas F. Dunn, candidate for Justice
of the Peace; Edward I. Sheehan, candi
date for Tax Collector; John D. hiebe.
Assessor; Dr. W. J. Hawkins Coroner,
i Speeches were also made by H. S. Milz
i ncr county commltteeman; Judge Cooney,
ion behalf" of Charles F. Curry; Edgar
i Briggs and Colonel Roberts.
Against a Would-Be Boss.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 29.— An Independent
Republican Club was organized last night
at Encinal Hall. Its members are en
tirely from what is known as the Bay
street section of the city. The leaders
; of the organization state that the excuse
I for Its existence arises from the claim
made by a local politician that he car
! ried Bay street around In his vest pocket.
i The club will support candidates "favor
! able to public improvements in Alameaa
In just proportion to the rest of the coun
ty and State." It is understood that It
i Is in opposition to George Lovegrove, an
independent candidate for Supervisor.
' The officers are: J. F. Mecklem, presi
dent- J. B. Tate, vice president; A. E.
Cumbers, secretary; William Hackins, Q.
\ 11. Fitch and A. B. Stiflalback, executive
committee.
Hayes Valley Republicans.
A very successful Republican meeting
was held in Mo wry "s Hall last night, the
people of Hayes Valley turning out In
such great numbers that It was neces
sary to hold an overflow meeting outside
the hall. The meeting was presided over
by George A. Wentworth, who introduced
Attorney General Fitzgerald, Henry X.
Clement and Judge Murphy as the speak
ers of the evening. Short addresses were
made by 1. J. Truman, Judge Charles F.
Low, John B. Carson. Thomas F. Gra
ham! Judge * Joachimsen, Thomas P.
Dunn, Edward I. Sheehan, John D. Slebe,
Dr. W. J. Hawkins, W. Milzner, Judge
Cooney, Edgar Briggs and Colonel J. H.
Roberts.
Henry S. Martin Club.
A meeting was held by the many friends
of Henry S. Martin at the Chicago Hotel
last evening for the purpose of furthering
his candidacy for the office of Sheriff.
The following officers were duly elected:
President, S. H. Mullin; first vice-presi
dent. E. Borzone; second vice-president,
James Duffy; third vice-president, W. G.
Barlow; secretary, Nils Nelson; treasurer,
Edward Sutton.
Independent Alliance.
The joint campaign committee of the
Independent Political Alliance of Cali
fornia and the Latin-American Citizens'
Club will meet to-day at Pythian Castle
at 2 o'clock to arrange for the indorse-
I merit of candidates and the election of
j permanent officers.
Elect Good Judges.
The great importance to the moral
welfare of this community of able and
incorruptible Superior Judges demands
a close analysis of the character of can- .
didates. Before these Judges come ■
matters involving not only the rights of !
property and liberty and the claims of
litigants, but life and death in crimi
nal prosecutions. The qualifications of
candidates require a wide knowledge of '
civil and criminal jurisprudence, i
Among the various candidates Judge ;
Davis Louderback is an able jurist of
ample attainments and of sound judg
ment. He possesses executive and ju- ;
dicial ability, and would infuse more
life in the Superior Court bench, so that
the crowded calendars of civil cases in
some of the departments would be re
lieved and litigants obtain trials and
justice within reasonable time; and so
that in criminal cases murderers and
criminals would have justice meted out
to them without long delays. He is a
conscientious, painstaking, careful and
fearless Judge, that would put a stop
to the jury frauds and professional
jurymen. A change of Judges is re
quired for the public good, and a re
form in the administration of civil and
criminal justice is needed. Judge
Louderback's record, character and
professional and private life are a
guarantee that the dispensation of
equity and justice by him would be dis
tinguished by purity and impartiality
and free from corporation and political
influences. The other candidates on
the Republican judicial ticket for the
four Superior Court Judgeships are ex
cellent nominees. A vote for Judge
Louderback and the other nominees is
a vote for a pure and upright judiciary.
ATTEMPTED TO
BLACKLIST
JUDGE MOGAN
A "Scab" Poster That
Made Trouble.
CHARGED AGAINST PHELAN
THE ALLIED PRINTING TRADES
COUNCIL STEPS IN.
A Contemptible Advertising Scheme
Said to Have Been Backed
by the Mayor's Com
mittee.
For refusing to submit to the sand
bagging methods of the gang that caused
to be printed a large number of sheets
containing the photogravure pictures of
the local Democratic nominees, Police
Judge Mogan, who is a. candidate for re
election, has received the condemnation
of Phelan and his cohorts. So incensed
Is tne plug hat boss over Mogan's action
that he threatens to defeat him at the
polls.
About a week ago Mogan was ap
proached by a man, who, after explaining
that he had gained the consent of the
Democratic State Central Committee to
print the pictures of the men who were
nominated by Phelan and his celebrated
committee of one hundred, informed him
that it would be necessary for him to give
up $12 50 before his photograph would be
included in the bunch.
Mogan refused to be bled and so in
formed the stranger.
To the surprise of Mogan's friends the
sheets appeared a few days later, but his
photograph was not in the group. As
the gang asserted that tne posters had
been printed by order of the Democratic
State Central Committee several of Mo
gan's supporters waited on that body ana
demanded an explanation. While they
were discussing the matter word reached
them that the Allied Printing Council had
threatened to notify the Grand Jury and
have the publishers indicted for violating
section 10 of the purity of election laws
for falling to sttimp each poster with the
name of the firm that printed them. Evi
dently learning of the action of the
Trades Council the publishers yesterday
had several men vlsk the places where
the posters had oeen displayed and tear
them down. The only explanation given
for the action was that some mistake had
been made and that the publishers were
anxious to rectify it.
It is understood that new posters will
be printed Monday, and that the name
of the firm uoing the work will be
stamped on each one, so as not to clash
with the section of the purity of election
laws.
PHILIPPINE DEBT
WILL DELAY PEACE
PARIS, Oct. 29.— While the Spanish
and American Peace Commissioners
now stand upon the threshold of the
Philippine question, it seems probable
that the United States will take over
the entire archipelago.
In 1897 Spain issued, by royal decree,
bonds in the sum of $-40,000,000, tv which
were pledged the revenues of the Phil
ippines, and to which the Spanish na
tional guarantee was added. Prom
these $40,000,000 of obligations Spain
realized $36,000,000 in cash. These $40,
000.000 represent the Philippine debt,
which is entirely outside of the debt of
the $500,000,000 of the so-called Philip
pine and Spanish debt.
Should the United States absorb the
Philippines, none but officials yet know
whether they would assume a part or
all of this debt or more than the Phil
ippine debt. The Americans have de
clined to assume any of the Cuban debt
because Cuba is not theirs; biit in de
posing Spain in the Philippines the
Americans acquire the territory, and it
is believed there will be some financial
assumption by the United States. Some
well informed persons believe that
Premier Sagasta has determined to be
rid of the Philippines and would direct
his commission to sign a treaty by
which the United States should take
the islands and assume the $40,000,000 of
debt.
This proposition finds support in the
Parisian press, which to-day declares
that resistance is impossible and that
Spain should abandon the archipelago.
Spaniards now in Paris declare the
Philippines are a drag-, and assort that
Spain would lift a cry of Joy to be re
lieved of them if the terrific debt pres
sure should be thus lessened. On the
other hand Spaniards at home are
clamoring that their commission should
bolt the conference, and, in returning,
fulfill the highest duty.
In these contending currents the
Spanish Commissioners are awaiting
the American declaration on Monday,
and they declare they cannot sign a
treaty of peace involving the loss of the
Philippines to Spain. It is appreciated
by Spaniards and Americans alike that
should no treaty result here hostilities
will be continued, and both sides clearly
understand that in such event the
American fleet would immediately pos
sess the Philippines beyond question
and without money consideration to
opain. The Canaries would then be an
object of interest to the United States,
and possibly other Spanish possessions.
PLACERVILLE GREETS NEFF.
Torchlight Procession and Rousing
Political Meeting.
PLACERVILLE. Oct. 29.— There were a
torchlight procession and rousing meeting
to honor the Republican candidate for
Lieutenant Governor, J. H. Neff, W. E.
Me K inlay and J. M. Fulweiler, here to
night. The distinguished candidate and
accompanying speakers received ovations
along the road from Sutter Creek to this
city. Plymouth was reached at noon and
an Impromptu meeting arranged, whereat
Neff and Fulweiler spoke.
Folsomites Favor Gage.
FOLSOM, Oct. 29.— The largest meet
ing held here in years was addressed at
the Opera-house to-night by Judge Van
Duzer of San Francisco. Men of all parties
here are enthusiastic for Gage and Neff.
The speaker's exposition of Maguire's
single tax doctrine has convinced the
farmers and miners that their safety lies
In a Republican victory.
Gone Into Liquidation.
SPRINGFIELD. Ohio, Oct. £9.— The
Second National Bank to-day decided to
go into liquidation. It is perfectly sol
vent and has a surplus of $120,000, but lack
of business caused the semi-annual divi
dend to fall to 2 per cent, and the officers
concluded to quit business. The capital
stock is $200,000.
Gilroy Democratic Powwow.
GILROY, Oct. 29.— The Democratic
county candidates held a meeting at
Music Hall to-night. M. Casey was chair
man. The principal speakers were Judge
Dryden of San Diego. A. H. Suzzallo of
Stanford University. H. H. Main and D.
M. Burnett of San Jose, J. H. Campbell
and C. A. Martin.
Train Robber's Punishment.
FORT WOkl'H. Tex., Oct. 29.— George
Moore, one of the four robbers who held
up a Santa Fe train last July four miles
from here, during which the engineer and
fireman -were killed, was to-day found
guilty of murder and given a life sen
tence.
MORGAN'S BILL
IS SATISFACTORY
It Pleases the Maritime
Canal Company.
OPPOSED BY HUNTIN6TON
HE WILL SEEK TO DEFEAT ITS
PASSAGE.
Men to Whom Nicaragua Govern
ment Granted a Concession Are
Believed to Be Merely
Speculating.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Oct. 29.
It can be authoritatively stated that
the Nicaraguan canal bill reported by
Senator Morgan and now on the Sen
ate calendar substantially represents
the views of the Maritime Canal Com
pany upon all important points. The
Maritime Company will have no new
propositions to make to Congress at
the coming session, but will direct all
its efforts toward the passage of the
Morgan bill.
"While the sentiment in favor of
building the canal has been largely
augmented by events of the war the
representatives of Mr. ' Huntington of
the Southern Pacific are confidently
predicting that the Morgan bill will
never get through Congress. During
the past week it has been alleged here
that J. J. Hill of the Great Northern
Railway was co-operating with Mr.
Huntington in his opposition to the bill.
The Maritime Company's agents do not
believe Hill will become an ally of the
Huntington interests.
The informatioa from Nicaragua that
Edwin P. Cragin, Edward Eyre and
Frank S. Washburne will receive from
the Nicaraguan Government a conces
sion for a canal across that country
was no surprise to those in Washington
who are familiar with the affairs of the
Nicaraguan Canal Company. Mr. Cra
gin is a Chicago promoter, not an en
gineer, Mr. Eyre is from New York
and represents considerable capital and
Mr. \Vashburn, who also 1b from New-
York, is an engineer and contractor.
While nothing definite is known about
the amount of capital represented by
these men it is believed they are pre
pared to put up a stiff fight for the con
cession and if necessary could secure
enough backing to float bonds, and,
perhaps, to construct the canal. It is,
however, thought that they intend
rather to dispose of the concession
when it is obtained, either to the Marl
time Canal Company, which holds the
present concession, or to other parties
desirous of constructing the canal
rather than undertake the task them
selves.
The fact that under the terms of the
concession they are authorized to nego
tiate with the Maritime Canal Com
pany leads many to believe it rather a
speculation than a bona fide business
proposition. As affairs stand now the
concession held by the Maritime Canal
Company holds good until next October
and this company has done a great deal
of work in the way of surveying and
even in actual construction of the
canal.
The Maritime Canal Company is not
concerning itself about the concessions
made to the Atlas Company, fts rep
resentatives hold that concessions made
to this company in no way eonllict with
the canal concession. As this is the
ground taken by the Nicaraguan Gov
ernment the company thinks that
ought to be sufficient.
The bill introduced in Congress by
Senator Morgan provides that the
United States Government shall be
come the actual though not the visible
owner of the canal. It is proposed that
the Government shall put up the money
for the construction and retain a ma
jority of the stock and control the af
fairs of the corporation. It is believed
that by this method international com
plications could be avoided.
The Nicaraguan Canal Commission
has made a thorough survey of the
ground. It is now engaged on its re
port, which will be submitted in about
a month. There is no doubt this com
mission will represent that the build
ing of the canal is perfectly feasible
and there is no difficulty in the way
which cannot be surmounted.
J. V. WEBSTER COMES
OUT FOR MR. GAGE
Populist Nominee for Governor Four
Years Ago Urges Support of
Republican Ticket.
SAN LTJIS OBISPO, Oct. 29.— At a Re
publican rally at Paso Robles to-night
J. V. "Webster, who four years ago was
the Populist nominee for Governor of
California, mounted the platform and
came out squarely for Gage. Waters and
State Senator Smith of Baker3fleld. Mr.
Webster urged Populists to vote the Re
publican ticket as a rebuke to the oiflce
seekers who had sold out his party in an
infamous fusion deal, and in repudiation
of the single tax policy favored by Ma
guire, the fusion nominee for Governor.
Rallies in Solano County.
SUISUN. Oct. 29.— The Democrats in the
eastern part of Solano County held a
rally in Rio Vista this evening. Hon. H.
M. La Rue was the principal snpaker. At
the Republican meeting in Dixon this
evening Hon. Judson Brusle delivered an
eloquent address.
Lafe Pence at Santa Bosa.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 29.— Lafe Pence, ex-
Governor of Colorado, addressed a bi<?
Democratic rally at the Athenaeum to
night.
Croker "Talks" to Deaf Mutes.
NEW YORK. Oct. 29.— One of the most
unique meetings of the campaign was
that of the deaf-mutes called at Webster
Hall to-night. About 300 deaf-mutes and
a sprinkling of others gathered there to
listen to political issues as expounded by
the Democrats. Richard Croker was the
attraction, and his speech to the mutes
was translated by President Enoch H.
Curriel, principal of the New York Deaf
and Dumb Institute.
Going Into Winter Quarters.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 29.-Quartermas
ter General Ludington has Invited repre
sentatives of all the railroads in the
South to meet him at his office November
1 for the purpose of reaching an agree
ment upon rates for the transportation
of soldiers and military supplies to and
from the new winter camps recently es
tablished in the South.
Three Soldiers Wounded.
LEXINGTON, Oct. 29.— Privates Lantz,
Vehande and Ed Swaley, of the Second
Missouri Regiment, were wounded with
buckshot while on a farm near Camp
Hamilton last night. Only the wounds
of the first named are serious. The men
claimed that they were going to call on
young ladies when shot by unknown par~
ties.
Parcel Post Treaty Signed.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29.— Sir Julian
Pauncefote, the British Embassador. and
Postmaster-General Smith to-day affixed
their signatures to the parcel post treaty
between the United States and vie Brit
ish colony of Trinidad. The treaty is
drawn up in the regular form of the uni
versal Union.
INTERCOLLEGIATE GAMES
ON EASTERN GRIDIRONS
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Oct. 29.— The Car
lisle Indians scored their usual goal from
the field in the football game on Soldiers'
Field this afternoon, but Harvard won
through hard, clean and brilliant work,
by a score of 11 to 5, making the first
touchdown through poor headwork on the
part of the Indians and another in the
second half by beautiful runs by Dibblee.
The game was one of the best seen in
Cambridge this year, for the Indians
gave the Harvards the hard work that
they needed and showed up the weak
points in the crimson line in a manner
that was anything but assuring as to the
outcome of the pennant game next Sat
urday.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 29.— The Univer
sity of Chicago football eleven succeeded
this afternoon in crossing the University
of Pennsylvania's goal, the first time the
red and blue has been scored on this
season, the final score being University
of Pennsylvania 23, Chicago University
11. For the first ten minutes of play the
Chicago boys simply carried the Quakers
off their feet, and it looked as though
they were going to have a walkover, but
then Pennsylvania took a brace and
played something like their true form.
Chicago scored their first touchdown ten
minutes after play started.
WEST POINT, N. V., Oct. 29.— The
Yale-West Point football game here this
afternoon resulted in a score of 10 to 0
in favor of Yale. It was the best played
and most exciting contest witnessed here
this season. The West Pointers put up
a good fight, Yale having to work very
hard for tne points they scored. The mili
tary boys were in fine trim and went into
play a winning game, but by an unfor
tunate fluke, precisely eleven seconds be
fore the end of the first half Mcßride
went over the line for a touchdown.
ITHACA, N. V., Oct. 29.— The Cornell
Varsity team was forced to play its hard
est at Percy Field to-day by a strong
eleven from Oberlin. The game ended
with a score of -6 to oin Cornell's favor.
PROVIDENCE, R. 1., Oct. 29.— Brown
was beaten by Princeton to-day by a
score of 23 to 0.
Brown was weak in her defensive plays
while Princeton was equally weak on the
offensive movements.
ANN ARBOR. Mich., Oct. 29.— The Uni
versity of Michigan 11, Alumni team 2.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Oct. 29.— Chicago
Athletic Association S, Newton Athletic
Club 0.
M'DOUGALL-WEBSTER
NUPTIALS AT SALINAS
Pretty Ceremony Uniting a Popular
Native Son to a Charming
Native Daughter.
SALINAS, Oct. 29.— Miss Zoe Anna Web
ster, the eldest daughter of J. A. Webster,
and Charles B. McDougall, the Becond son
of James H. MeDougall, were married on
Wednesday at St. Paul's Episcopal
Church by Rev. C. L. Sanford. The bride
is one of the belles of Salinas, a native
daughter and a charming- young lady. She
won the prize last Christmas as the most
popular lady in town.
The groom is one of the best known
young men in Monterey County, a well
known entertainer and a native son.
The church was crowded to the doors,
and. though very pretty at all times, was
made more so by the fact that no space,
nook or corner was left unadorned, while i
everywhere potted plants and palms were
profusely distributed.
The bridal procession was unique, 'xhe
UPhers — J. A. Webster, brother of the
bride, and W. Hawkins— met the bridal
party at the entrance to the church,
where the procession was formed, with
the ushers leading, followed by Miss Ethel
A. Webster, sister of the bride, and Miss
Elvira Montfort Seighold as bridesmaids,
In costumes of white organdie with pink
satin trimmings, each carrying a large
bouquet of pink carnations. Miss Caroline
Ayers of San Francisco followed alone as
maid of honor, costumed in pink organdie
trimmed with satin, and carrying a simi
lar bouquet. Then came the bride, lean
ing on her father's arm. She was cos
tumed in white satin organdie, bridal veil !
and orange blossoms, and carried a bou
quet of orange blossoms.
The party moved toward the chancel to
the strains of Mendelssohn's Wedding
March, upon reaching which they were
met by the groom and the best man, who
was his brother, E. J. McDougall, and tne
clergyman.
The pretty wedding service of the Epis
copal church was then read.
A wedding breakfast was partaken of
at the home of the bride's parents, after
which the newly married couple left for
San Francisco and other cities on their
honeymoon.
ARCHITECTS HONOR
MRS. PHEBE HEARST
Banquet Given by the Successful
Contestants in the Univer
sity Competition.
NEW YORK, Oct. 29.— The competitors
in the final contest for the University of
California buildings gave a banquet at
Sherry's to-night in honor of Mrs. Phebe
A. Hearst. Eleven international competi
tors received prizes at the architectural
competition held in Antwerp, October 5.
Six of the succesful ones were Americans.
There wrere present at the banquet John
Mead Howells, Austin W. Lord, Whitney
Warren, Joseph H. Friedlander, S. M.
Cauldwell, I. N. Phelps Stokes. Henry F.
Hornbostel, J. M. Hewlett, Washington
Hunt and John G. Howard. The guests
were Charles F. McKim, Walter Cook,
John M. Carrere, P. W. Bartlett and J.
H. Reinstein. Mr. Reinstein is a regent
of the University of California, and was
one of the judges at the competition, and
arrived on the steamship Saale just in
time to attend the banquet.
Congratulatory cablegrams were sent
by those present to Mrs. Hearst, who is
in Paris, and to B. S. Maybeck, who orig
inated the idea for an international ar
chitectural competition, and who is at
present in Brussels. Cablegrams were
also sent to the Burgomaster and Eche
valns of the city of Antwerp, thanking
them for the courtesies shown by that city
to Mrs. Hearst and to the members of
the jury who made the awards. All drank
to the health of Mrs. Hearst as the "mod
ern patron saint of architecture." At the
banquet the subjects of the final compe
tition and of the trip of the successful
competitors to California to view the
grounds were fully discussed. It is ex
pected the eleven successful architect*
will make the trip to California together"
on November 15.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
General Barrett and Colonel Burgin
Call on the President.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29.-AdJutant Gen- '
eral Barrett and Colonel J. F. Burgin of
California called upon President McKin
ley to-day and paid their respects. Gen- !
eral Barrett and Colonel Burgin intend !
to stay here till the California claim is !
settled, which will be in about ten days |
Lieutenant A. P. Nlblack is detached !
from the command of the Winslow when •
it is put out of commission and ordered to '
join the O'ympia. Lieutenant F. A. Wil
ner is detached from the Monadnock and
ordered home. Lieutenant C. E. Fox is
detached from the command of the Mor
ris when put out of commission and is
ordered to the Monadnock. Passed As
sistant Surgeon J. Stoughton is detached
from the naval hospital at Yokohama and
ordered to report at the Asiatic station i
Passed Assistant Surgeon L. W. Sprath- i
ing is detached from the naval hospital at i
Philadelphia and ordered to the naval !
hospital at Yokohama.
The following pensions were granted i
to-day: California: Original — John I
McDougall. Manton, $8; Charles A. Clif- !
ford, Greenwood, $6. Increase— Porter
Keating, San Francisco, $17 to $30. Ore- '
gon: Original — Thomas C. Goodell, Port- i
land, $6. Reissue — Special, October 21 I
Orrin S. Allen, Beaverton, $10. Washing
ton: Original— George Parks, Quiniauft
$8; Samuel S. Harris. Orting. $6; Louis V* i
Allen, Harrington. $6.
Postmasters appointed: Washington— j
Oliver P. Trostle, Lexington, Cowlita
County, vice F. W. Scott, removed; Belle i
F. Bowman, Qullcene, Jefferson County '
vice D. S. Bowman, deceased.
Redemption of Railroad Bonds.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29.— The Secretary I
of the Treasury has continued the option I
for the redemption at any time before
December 1 of 6 per cent Pacific bonds
known as currency sixes, at their full ;
value less half of 1 per cent.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CARPETS.
I SPECIAL
I For Just a Few Days More. |
I 2000 yards 7Cp I
I Double Extra Tapestry I J U per yard
y Regular price 90c.
I 1000 yards Qj C\C\ \
| Axminster . . 0 1 1 U U per yard i
| Regular price $1.25. ' \
H Sewed and laid. \
I AMERICAN
LINOLEUM
I A SPECIALTY.
I schleutefT^volberg, I
I 709 MARKET STREET, j
|l Next to Call Bail ding. ;
Dissolution of Co Partnership Sale !
ft $125,000
] \\ Worth of Fine Shoes to be
J Nvv sold at Lesa
jl^ than ManuJac "
r^^^v^-^^^ turers' Cost
LADIES' FIXE VICI KID LACE
SHOES, silk vesting top, new
coin toe, all sizes and widths, ._
reduced to SKQ-550
Former price, $3 and $3 50. €J>^»«J v
LADIES" BEST QUALITY BOX
CALF LA(»E SHOES, new coin
toe. heavy soles, all sizes and CO £%O
widths, reduced to «J>A«CFVf
Former price, $3 50.
LADIES' FINE VICI KID LACE
SHOES, new coin toe. extended
soles, all sizes and widths, re- G*n II)
duced to ••• «J>^»»^
Former price, $3.
LADIES' D.ONGOLA LACE OR .
BUTTON SHOES, new coin toe, CT| 1(I
reduced to ■•• <I>1«1V/
Former price $2.
LADIES' BEST QUALITY FELT PZ(\ r>
■ SLIPPERS,. aII sizes, reduced to vv w
The above prices are but a few of the Big
Bargains offered In all our departments.
Country orders solicited.
Telephone, Jessie 1637. "VY."-.'
THE MONARCH SHOE COMPANY,
1384 and 1390 Market Street.
Strong Prink is Death
DR. CHARCOT'S TONiC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy for the
Drink Habit, Nervousness and Melancholy caused
by strong drink.
WE (UAKASTEE FOTR BOXES
. to cure any case with a positive written jtuar-
antee or refund the money, and to destroy the
appetite {or Intoxicating liquors. -
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
v KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT. '
CTDHIiG n Dl II V <*»»**'» Misery. Poverty
OluUnC UnlßKand Death. Upon receipt
of 1 10-00 we wit mall you four [4] boxes and posi-
tive written jr>ijtrniiie«« to cure or refund
iour money, sfm* 1 - »>^-"- "» iv>
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO., Sole Agts. a
214 Kearny St., San Francisco.
In all stages of j^^ir"^^^
Nasal Catarrh /S*sbau\
there should be cleanliness. x^ A Hfi'rsJ
Experience proves that dWN-n!ftlt\ft J?+J
Ely's Cream Balm *fc| 4i^#
is a cleanser, soother and C. >* <*& M
healer of the diseased mem- ~S.*^ r ■
brane. It cures 'catarrh "and JL^jSfe\
a cold In the head vanishes .^av^JSpUwJV
quickly. tewnd
Cream Balm is placed Into the nosinis,
spreads over the membrane and is absorbed.
Relief is immediate and a cure . follows. It is
not drying does not produce sneezing. ' Larga
50c; Trial Size 10c: at Druggists or by mail.
ELY BROTHERS, 56 Warren st.. New ' York.
BOATS.
H. ENGELBRECHT, Successor to
SAN FRANCISCO LAUNCH CO.,
Continues the business of the above company
at the same place. Telephone Red 1571.
Corner North Point and Stockton Streets.
ooooo ooooobooo 00 0 0
S w PALACE w%
° GRAND hotels o
o BAN FRANCISCO. 2
** Connected by a covered passageway. ™
V 1400 Room 3-900 With Bath Attached. Q
D All Under One Management. O
© ROTE THE PRICKS: Q
m* European Plan.Bl.OO per day and upward IT
V American Plan.s3.OO per. day and upward M
P Correspondence Solicited. rtj
£ JQZS C. lI&KPA-7&ICK, Manager. g
O. O ooooooooaooooo OO
DR.MCNULTY7
nnilS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
■»- cure* Private, Nervous, and Blood 1)1*.
eases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Pat^tf 863 h M^, n - ffee.f r cc. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
£ i J T n .ft?i' ii £ < ! a E?v On Terms reasonable. Hours
to3dai]y;6:3otoB:3oev'ss. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
taUonfreeandsacredlyconfidentkl.Call,oraddreaB
'&£ S r# P. RO9CCE aicXUI/TY,
2«^ Kearny St.. Han Francisco, Cnl.
£m "Mi RUPTURE.
fra^V/L^^r, USE NO MORE IRON
JF<9 \WBt9Wpr "oops or Steel Springs.
m -JolMr*^ . Rupture retained with ea*»
H-^^ffV^" an ,<? comfort, and thousands radl-
& /M^\t Ca Ur , CURED by DR. PI2RCE'3
Mk-'^aß' ,^ Magnetic Elastic Truss. C7" Call at
office or write for New Pamphlet No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO., .»
620 Market at., opp. Palace Hotel. San Frandaca
IA/. X. H ESS,
KOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNBT-AT LAW,
; Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus S kels Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 811 California - St.. below Powall.
Ban Francisco.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
I/EARNT.'A.\D WAfHINOTO.N SIS.—
*> modeled and renovated. KING, WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms 60c to %1 50 day.
$6 to $8 week. $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: firs grates la avarX
: room: elevator runj all nlsbc -'LONG RUNS
WERE MUCH
IN VOGUE
Ingleside Witnessed
Good Sport.
SEVERAL VERY CLOSE RACES
A COUPLE OF GOOD SHORT-END
SHOTS ARE WINNERS.
Best Coursing That Has Been Wit
nessed for Some Time — Dogs
Almost Equally Matched
on To-Day's Bill.
The coursing: at Ingrleside continued well
Into the twilight hour yesterday. The re
f the day's courses have left a tml
that will confuse even the oldest hands
at the sport, and before any one lays
down money to-day he will give the mat
ter serious consideration. The card is"
absolutely without "sure shots," and
coursing- niPii say they never before have
been obliged to make up such a combi
r.ntl'.ji. The crowd which has been favor
ing this track for some time past with us
patronage will be out in its greatest pro
ms, and a day's sport which might
Lc the envy of anything witnessed at
tig grounds on this coast will repay
t/iem their trouble of coming.
Long courses were in vogue yesterday.
Lawiance and Van Kirk chased the haVe
for nearly four minutes: Mission Tip and
and Benorita and Mohawk
- -■■. In the first of these three courses
■f the work was done immediately
In front of the grand stand, and kept the
rs holding their breath as each dog
■ turn. Van Kirk led, and
■ 1 well for a while, but after one
mun;: sing seemed to lie down
und< r the strain. At the end of tlu
oiiti minute Lawrar.ce followoi.
- ■ •mtd to take the aflvan-
Just before the end of the run me
led i 'ward the left field, and in
making a turn run Into Lawn
mouth. The score was 52 to 12. Jne tiff
■ Miss Alice and Best Assured was
and the latter dog, which sold a 3
Ite in the pools, proved an easy
Snapshot and SiVball tumbled
• r in their eft >rts to make
n a, and Snapshot was hit pretty
bard in two of the collisions.
bulk of the mon ■ am played
on the favorites, but a couple of 4 to 1
'. were not very well patronized
got in and surprised their backers. One
of these was Babe Murpny, who ]>!aved
against Fleetwings, and who ti>ok i
aii the 16 points made in the course.
Nancy Lee was another shorteiider, sell
ir.g 4 to l against Hotstuff, who took the
stake, but her victory was not so pro
.
The betting on the big- match race to be
etween Rock Islaml Hoy and Muv
r v still in Rock Island Boys favor
mi. The following are the re
sults of yesterday's stake:
Sapling Twilight Kennels' Twilight
Jr. ran a bye; W. O. Elmer's Fair Florence
beat A. McHugh'B Moss Rose; E. Burmeister's
"Warrior beat Twilight Kennels" Armament;
E. Baumeletpr's Winning Ways beat J. Shea's
Fironzi II; D. Hooper's Morse Patrol beat A
& B Kennels' Rock Island King; Orient Ken
nels' Golden Rod beat J. Shea's Tiger Lily;
J. Hurleys Star of Cuba beat P. Rielly's
Richmond Queen; A & B Kennels' Miss Rab
bit beat Santa Rosa Kennels' Brindle Ruse;
Twilight Kennels' Pleasant Girl beat X. Me-
Hugh's Empress.
All .<£■■ stake — R. Baldwin's Brutus beat
Lari, i-& Rock's Emerald ;. Lowe & Thomp
son's High Horn Lady beat. J. McCormlek's
White Lily; a. Johnson's Tod Sloan beat J.
I. O'Brien's Admiral Dewey; W. Sweeney's
Nancy Lee beat J. L. Sears' Hot stuff; Bartel
Bros. 1 Mind Your Eye beat J. E. Doberty's
White Rocket; J. Shea's Rathbone "beat Nally
& Mnrley's White Diamond; F. Moran's False
Flatterer beat Handy & Smith's Dauntless: C.
F. Brown's Nita beat A. Massey's Hattel; T.
J. Cronin's Maid of Ball beat Bartel Bros.'
Bull Hill; P. Brophy's Benlcia Boy beat Cap
tain Clarkson's Lady Jane; Handy & Smith's
Ida beat Lowe & Thompson's Prince of Fash
ion; R. Julian's Sweet Music beat J. Frank
lin's Telephone Girl; Russell & Wilson's Jenny
Wilson beat J. Shea's Young America; A.
Farming' s Babe Murphy beat Nally & Morley'a
F!eetw<ners Russell & Wilson's Glenrosa beat
J. I. O'Brien's Sharkey; Deckelman & Pana
rio's Royal Oak beat P. J. G. Kenny's Fox
Kenny; F. Moran's Flying Faster beat A.
Massey's Light foot: F. Moran's Golden Russett
beat J. McCormick's White Tip: P. J. O.
Kenna's Royal Buck beat A & B Kennels'
Victor King; P. J. 'i. Kenna's Flyaway beat
J. Quane's Marietta; P. J. G. Kenna's Rocket
beat Captain Clarkson's Kerry Gow; P. J. G.
Kenna's Lawrence beat F. Moran's Van Kirk;
Deekelman & Panario'B Pet Kirby beat P. J.
G. Kerina'* Miramonte; White Earth Ken
nels' Dakota beat Henry Spring's Master Jack;
Bartel Bros.' Rest Assured beat M. Allen's
Miss Alice; Russell & Wilson's Victor -Queen
bent White Earth Kennels' Safeguard; A & B
Kennels' Irma beat Henry Spring's Pat Mal
loy; H. R. Baldwin's Forget beat J. O'Dowd
lin's Mission Tip; F. Moran's Bit of Fashion
beat A Van Den Burgh's American Eagle.
Merced Drawing.
An enthusiastic crowd of leashmon
gathered last evening at Pythian Hall to
enter dogs and watch the draw for the
ninth annual meeting of the Interstate
Coursing Club's great Merced cup, which
commences Tuesday next on the famous
plains. There are forty-six dogs entered.
The prizes in the cup are: For first, $360;
for second, $17D; for third, $100; for the
next two, $60 each, and for the next five
$40 each.
The purse and plate will be run off at
Union Park on the Supday following. No
vember 6. The purse and plate are for the
dogs beaten in the first and second rounds
of the cup, respectively. The prizes in the
purse are: First, $76; second. $50; third,
$35- the next two $25 each and the next
five $10 each.' In the plate the prizes are
$75 150. $25 and the next two $15 each.
The dogs in the purse and plate do not
have to pay any extra money for entry,
the $15 paid for the cup entry being suf
ficient to cover all.
E J. Bull will be in the saddle, and
California's slipper, James Wren, will
the leash.
The draw was as follows:
3. H. Smith's Merced vs. H. F. Andersen's
True Grit; K.- Strehl's Skylark vs. I. H. Hat
GRAPE-NUTS.
■-■-■- ■- ■- 1 -■ -■- ■- ■-■
'f In a Hurry?
Stir Some *
I Grape-NutsJ
■ In some Milk or Cream a
■ and a delicious a
■ Meal 1
■ is ready. II
H| >o cooking required. ||
»-■-■-■-■ - ■ -■-■-■-■-■
READY COOKED FOOD.
A Great Convenience for House-
keepers.
It Is a known fact that many people
fail to properly digest the starchy part
of bread and other food. Grape-Nuts
(a delightful breakfast food) are made
of the grape-sugar which results from
preparing the starchy parts of the ce-
reals, in the same way artificially as
the body should do by natural pro-
cesses. Therefore Grape-Nuts furnish
food all ready for immediate assimila-
tion into blood and tissue. They are
made by the Postum Co., at Battle
Creek, Mich., and are ready prepared,
require no cooking whatever and will
be found most valuable by athlete,
brain worker or invalid.
*-id by grocers.
HOSTS PARADE TO CELEBRATE
REPAVING OF MARKET STREET
Wheelmen and Horsemen Unite on Common Cround in a Great Demon
stration Over the Success of the Long Continued Agitation
for the Betterment of the City's Pavements.
THE cycling fraternity and the horse
men met on common ground last
night to give expression to their joy
that the city's main artery of travel
has a modern pavement for at least a
portion of its broad surface.
The parade as a spectacular affair was a
failure, owing to the inability of the police
to handle the throng of people who cam©
from far and near. As a demonstration
showing the interest of the people at large
jn the important matter of good streets,
it was a success far beyond the anticipa
tions of its promoters. The efforts of the
Imen were seconded by the horse
men, represented by those who use horses
both for pleasure and for utility. The
highest development in each class was
sh.iwn by Walter Morosco's coach, drawn
;ht black horses, and by some of the
Lid draylng teams of sturdy Clydes
dales.
Mayor Phelan. as Chief Executive of
the city, held the place of honor at the
head of the procession. He was accom
panied by Colonel W. P. Sullivan.
Charles L. Fatten was the gue=t of
honor on Walter Movosco'S coach, which
was filled with the owner's friends.
The man to whom the wheelmen attrib
\ite the repaying of Market street. Law
rence Devany, was the guest of Secre
ton's Tic Tac; Taylor & Maxwell's Lamp- I
lighter vs. A. Moneys Hattle; Curtis & Son'i
Commodore vs. J. J. Edmund's Morning Qlory;
Russell & Wilson's Glenrosa vs. T. J. Cronln's ;
Thornhili; M. Xealon's Yon Chloe vs. A. John- j
son's Mountain Beauty; J. M. Halun nominates
Pocahontas vs. R. E. de B. Lopez's Uulver;
T. J. Harrington's Peaceful Glen vs. J. H. Hal
ton nominates Madge Wildfire; A. Massey's
Lightfoot vs. J. H. Halton nominate)? For Free
dom; Al Austin's Douglas vs. J. H. Perlgo's
Wayfarer: S. W. Smith's Crusader vs. X. E.
McEldowney's Right Bower; J. M. Halton
n->mlr.a.tes Gallaait Foe vs. C. B. Field num
lnates Clara Barton; M. Allen's Miss Alice
vs. Taylor & Maxwell's Wild Lassie; C. B.
Field nominates Florence N. vs. J. Goldman's
Sarcastic; Taylor & Maxwell's Braw Soot vs.
] Dennis' Interesting; T. E. McEldowney's
Left Bower vs. T. E. McKldowney's Ace of
Clubs- T C. Mac's Black Pattl vs. M. Nealon's
Van Knapp; R. C. Scott nominates Report vb.
R. E. de B. Lopez's Arrow; A. Massey's Had
lwist vs. J. M. Halton nominates Santa Alicia;
Curtis & Son's Chartist vs. Al Austin's Glen
atone. ______^_— — —
SAN RAFAEL SPORTSMEN
FORM A GUN CLUB
Will Attempt to Stop the Wanton
Slaughter of Game Out
of Season.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 29.— A larpe number
of the wealthy and Influential sportsmen
of Marin County met last evening in the
rooms of the San Rafael Athletic and
Cycling Club and formed the San Rafael
Gun Club. The principal motive in organ
izing the club was to prevent the wanton
violation of the law regarding the
slaughter of game out of season.
One of the first propositions to be agi
tated will be the appointing of a game
warden and an efficient corps of deputies
to watch for violations of the law and
Erosecuto all offenders. An endeavor will
c made to have tho oi»'n season for
quail reduced to three months.
The 2000-acre ranch of J. B. Burdell,
near Novato, haH been leased and a mod
ern clubhouse will soon be constructed,
with all necessary accessories.
The board of directors for the first year
will be composed as follows: Armand de
Courtieux Jr., Fred Carroll, J. W. Coch
rane \ Hairfield, F. H. Bushnell, A. E.
Scot( S. A. Pacheco, T. J. Fallon, J. T.
McLean. E. B. Martlnelli and John B.
Coleman.
STATUE OF LAFAYETTE
IN THE TUILERIES
M. Brisson Promises to Recommend
to His Successor to Grant Per
mission for Its Erection.
SnerinJ cable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald! Copyrighted. 1858. by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, Oct. 29.— Commissioner Peck re
ceived assurance to-day from M. Bris-
Bon, In the presence of M. Cambon, that
he would recommend to his successor In
the Premiership to grrant permission for
the erection of a statute of Lafayette in
the gardens of the Tuileries in a direct
line with the Arc de Triomphe in rear of
the Carrousel.
Suicide Dies In Agony.
FRESNO, Oct. 29.— Miss Therese Kess
ler a weak-minded girl, died at 9 o'clock
to-night from the effect of corrosive sub
limate, which she took last Thursday
with suicidal intent. She lingered la
great agony until the end came. The girl j
had threatened to kill herself on former
occasions, but little attention was paid to
her. She had a brother who is a conduc
tor for the Southern Pacific.
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1898.
tary James M. Hamilton of the Cycle
Board of Trade and rode in an open
barouche.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen swept all
before them in the magnificence of their
display. Eighty members paraded under
Captain W. L. Loos. They were all
mounted on white wheels, and wore the
well-known flying "O" on their white
Jersey shirts. To add to the beauty of
their display they had two floats, de
signed by A. B. Corbett. The most am
bitious of these was Eureka, the coat of
arms of California. California was im
personated by a little child. Miss Viola
Blesser. She was clothed in the well
known gown affected by the lady on the
great seal of the State. The tableau was
mounted on two bicycles ridden by
George Kroetz and H. D. Bean. The su
perstructure or canopy was all a-glitter
with gold and tinsel.
The foundation for the second float was
a triplet bicycle, ridden by J. E. Wing,
Eddie Kragness and E. A. Bozio, a trio
of great riders. A shell-shaped canopy
covered with red.white and blue bunting
was over the riders. At each corner of
the huge affair a rider clad in white was
mounted. The club was awarded three
prizes— for best appearance, largest num
ber of men in line and most striking
AC V .L it i lt»£i JXLXi £i AS.
TWO REMARKABLE CURES.
Two Happy Men Testify to the Grand Results Received From Dr.
Sanden's Electric Belt.
There is nothing so penetrating, nothing 90 invigorating, nothing that will relieve
weakness and pain so speedily and surely as Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt It is simple, but
grand. It assists nature by a general re-enforcement of the. vital energy, by infusing a mild
invigorating current of Electricity into the nerves and by supplying the system with the very
essence of nerve vigor and nerve strength. «n?TTrPTRTPTTV T^ TTITF"
The greatest men in the world of medicine and science say "ELECTRICITY IS Lit
It is the strength, the vigor, and, in fact, the very life in the body and Dr. bandens success in
making use of its life-giving power proves, its merit. With his Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt be
has cured 10,000 weak men during the last five years-men who had been troubled with general
debility, wasting weakness-men who had been able to get no benefit from drugs Many of
these cases were pronounced incurable by doctors who had failed to cure them But they have
been cured, and they stand ready to testify to it. There must be merit in a system of treatment
that can show such cures as these.
These Two Men Will Never Cease Praising Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
October 17, 1898.
DR. A. T. BANDKN-DW Sir: The Belt received from you some time a*o has proved a Godsend to me. It has
Son, wonders for mo. and has put my wife In better^hejOth than ih .has b^n «or » ears. Bne * Jn every
strength and feels us grood as she . c .ould wish It nag omp^- ci me ,llclnes have failed to do,
way, and feel as well as I ever did The Belt has done -™™ „f f \. ,f, f d wlfe x feel very grateful:
and think It a cheap cure, as I had spent over $200 Belt I had about given" up hope and was sick and tired of
for God only knows what I suffered before trying the Ben. I^naa i*^ f g towar^ O P but wl do all I possibly
trying: different things with the same result. *^nnot ten e t an d advice. You can use this letter as you like and
can to make known the *ood I have r «cel\ed «rom >our »c what I say Is true. Wlsh;ns your Belt the success
can refer any one to me you wish, and I Will e«um> i TELNIC> Union House. Sacramento County, Cal.
It deserves, I remain, yours very truly, J - "•
a
feature in the parade. Thomas G. Spil
lane, Hunter Harrison, William Mackey,
Thomas Cronin Mehrin and Captain W.
L. Loos had the arrangements in charge.
They were assisted by Leader John A.
Hammersmith, President J. W. Mullen,
and had the co-operation of the members
at large.
The Acme Club Wheelmen of Oakland,
under Captain Agnew, and the Kncmal
Cyclers, Captain M. C. Curtis, were the
principal out-of-town clubs represented.
The Enclnals were ail dressed alike, and
presented a uniform appearance, 'me
Acmes had a float with a little girl as the
central figure.
The California Cycling Club, under the
captaincy of R. A. Coulter, assisted by
Lieutenant Birdsall and Thomas White,
had forty men in line. The San Francisco
Road Club and the Imperials also helped
to swell the ranks of organized wheel
men.
There were many novelties In the cyc
ling division that were lost sight of in the
small space to which they were restricted.
Among these features was a troop oi
Rough Riders, under the command of
"Trilby" Fowler, trick rider. They had
practiced a number of fancy evolutions,
but were not ai/.e to show them. There
was a motor cycle, the vehicle of the fu
Don't Be a Weak Man. You Were Intended to Be Strong and _ou can Be.
You can be a stronger man than you are. You should be stronger. You should have more confidence in yourself
Steel your nerves with this electric current. Feel its warming glow as Dr. Sandea's Electric Belt saturates your body with
it It has made hundreds of vigorous men out of as many weak, despondent fellows. It will cure you if you will try it.
If you have Rheumatism, Lame Back, Sciatica, Lumbago or weakness in the nerves or vital organs you ought to
consult Dr. Sanden. He will tell you whether his Belt will cure you and give you his advice free. Call and test the
powerful current this wonderful Belt gives and see how easily it is regulated. Don t be ignorant of a remedy which may
correct all your past mistakes and assure your future happiness. If you cannot call, send for Dr. Sanden s famous book,
« Three Classes of Men," devoted to the weakness of men ; tells the cause of early decay in young and middle-aged men.
It shows how Electricity, properly applied, will restore this power, and gives the proof. Send for it to-day. It is free. A
call preferred. Call or address
DR. J\. T. SANDEN* not in drug stores.
702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco. Dr Sanden s Electric Beit is never sold in
Office hours 8 a. m to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, drug stores nor by traveling agents; only at
Cal., 204 Mi South Broadway: Portland, Or.. 253 Washington "H* et: Il J ) t?y,2_ our office.
Colo.. 931 Sixteenth Btreet; Dallas. Tex.. 286 Main street: Butte. Mont.. 110 -North _-
ture; "ordinaries," sociables, where rid
ers sit side by side, and also an old-time
velocipede, ridden by Frank Carroll. C.
J. Tuska showed a model of the Oregon.
A motley crew of Indians, Topsy and
Uncle Tom; princes, Honolulu girls, Co
lumbia and Uncle Sam In their variety
all went to make up a striking display
for the wheelmen.
One wheelman was disguised as an un
dertaker, and a placard on a coffin on his
wheel ran: "A great undertaking to pave
Market street."
Mrs. and Miss Anthony made a pleasing
appearance in fancy bicycle costumes of
pure white, set off with trimmings of
gold. Stanley C. Scovern and wife made
a hit as Columbia and Uncle Sam. Their
tandem was elaborately decorated by a
canopy of national colors fringed with
lanterns.
The Golden Gate Park Driving Club
members made a strong display with
their pneumatic-tired buggies and well
groomed horses. There were up-to-date
coaches and those of the olden time. The
display of delivery wagons was a large
and a representative one.
Some of the loaded truck?, notably that
of the Tubbs Cordage Company, were of
the highest class. There were vaqueros
and ladies among those on horseback.
DR A T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: It is nearly three months since I commenced the use of your Belt and am no-
willing to let every one know of the benefits I have received from It. I can truthfully say that the Belt has com-
pletely cured me of Lame Back and Kidney Trouble of which I had been •uttering with for a long time, and also
Rheumatism which had settled in both my arms. The Belt has worked perfectly and I have felt the current good
and strong every time I nut »t on. I am more than pleased to be able to send you my testimonial, and I am
very thankful for what your Belt has done for me. I will be pleased to recommend your Belt to any one who Is
In doubt as to the results that can be received from wearing your Dr. Sanden s ElectHc Belt. With best wishes.
I remain yours very truly. *>HN O'BRION. 17M Pacific street.
- - _. ' . _t'j 1 IT ft T V
Miss Irma D. Scott, on Dandy, and little
Miss Mildred Boyne were among the best
mounted.
The judges were stationed at Market
street and Grant avenue. So soon as the
last of the paraders passed they went to
their headquarters to determine the prise
winners. The result of their deliberations
was the following allotment of prizes:
City Club, largest number in line—Olym
pic Club Wheelmen.
City club making best appearance—Olym
pic Club Wheelmen.
Club making beat display— Acme Club
Wheelmen.
Out of town club making best uniform
appearance — Encinal Wheelmen.
Group of cyclers other than cluba mak
ing the best appearance — First prize, Em
porium Rough Riders; second prize, Eames
Tricycle Club.
Out of town club, largest number in line
— Acme Wheelmen of Oakland.
Gentleman cyclist making best appear
ance — No. 6, A. Schleicher.
Lady cyclist making be9t appearance —
First prize, No. 2, Alice Guthrie; second
prize. No. 36, Mrs. Anthony.
Best decorated wheel — No. 1, Charles
Hilary Hayden.
Odd bicyclist — Wheelman representing
tramp with red bundle on back; no number.
Best decorated tandem, lady and gen
tleman — No. 9, Stanly G. Scovern and wife.
Most original bicycle feature — The un
dertaker; no number.
Oldest bicycle — No. 4, Frank Carroll.
Most attractive vehicle drawn by doga—
a
No. 40. Redwood Cocker Kennels.
Single rig or team— No. 85, Harry Patrick-
Rig more than two horses— No. 81, btuaa
baker Broa.
Lady or gentleman on horseback— Lady
No. 1, Miss Mildred Boyne.-
Vaquero, fancy trapping— No. 18, Captain
Thompson of park police. .
Delivery wagon, decorated— No. 87, Lel
bold Harness Company.
Trucks, decorated— Tubbs Cordage Com
pany, first prize; No. to, Long Syrup Re
fining Company, second prlr-e.
Moat t/eautiful feature of parade—Olym
pic Club Wheelmen.
Honorable mention— Morosco' s elght-horM
team.
NOT MANY SXJBPBISES.
Favorites With Few Exception*
Won Courses Yesterday in
the New Park.
The surprises at Union Park yesterday)
were the defeats of Koolawn by Van
Knapp; Swlnnerton by Hayseed; Magia
by Bonlta, and Walt a Little by Trinket.
The results of the run downs are ap
pended:
Open stake, run down— Laurelwood beat To
caloma; Rosa of Tralee beat Maxnetto; Vaa
Knapp beat Rose of TraJee ; Las Palmaa beat
Farewell; Lightning beat Burlington; Green
Valley Maid beat Magnesia: Belle of Moscow
beat Lady Blanche; Moondyna beat Breach o£
Promise; Hayieed beat Swlnnerton; Interesting
beat Flashlight: Little Delight beat Queen o
the Hill; Hercules beat Robin Adair: Jladiwist
beat Wheel of Fortune: Log Boy beat Cross
Patch; Elco beat Eclipse; Mialmo beat Recent
Arrival; Commodore beat Report; Roßebud i
beat Wild Tralee: Montana beat Capadura;
Moonlight beat Cy; Gladiator beat The Devil:
Firm Friend beat Newsboy; Susie beat Cm- '
sader; Counterfeit beat Lawrence Belle; Boni
ta beat Magic; Ski beat True Grit; Left Bower
beat Seldome; Right Bower beat Winged Foot{
gylvanus beat Bendalong: Rusty Gold beat.
Ace of Clubs: McKinley beat Joy Bells; Trin
ket beat Wait a Little.
Veteran stake— Diana beat Princess Marie;
Border Ruffian beat Vlda Shaw: Master Glen
kirk beat Valley Queen; Red Cloud beat War
atah.
Consolation puppy stake — Arab beat Llttls |
Joker; Gold Hill beat Campania: Beauty Spot
beat Maid of Erin; Motto beat Petronlus.
GRAZED HIS CHIN.
Narrow Escape of Policeman Rourka
From Being Killed.
Policeman Rourke had his rhln grazed
by a bullet last evening while acting as
"marker" In the police shooting gallery.
A fellow officer was shooting at the tar
get, when the bullet from his .pistol
grazed Rourke's chin.
Officer Conway, while keeping the crowd
back at Market and Stockton streets dur
ing the Republican parade last evening,
fainted. He fell to the sidewalk, his
head striking against the curbing. Inflict
ing an ugly wound. He was removed to
the Receiving Hospital, where the injury,
was dressed by Dr. Tormey. •
School Department Scandal.
Burns, Swift and O'Brien, accused of|
frauds In connection with the School De-
partment, will be arraigned before Judge
Cook on November 1. and will be given>
until November 12 to plead.
Her Husband Was Cruel.
Eva Perkins filed suit against her hus
band, Harry F. Perkins, for a divorce yes
terday. The plaintiff alleges cruelty as a
cause of complaint-. . ;
UTAH CAVALRY BREAKS
CAMP AT WAWONA
Volunteer Troop Concludes the Labor
of Guarding the Yosemite
Park.
WAWONA, Oct. 29.— Troop A, Utah Vol
unteer Cavalry. In command of Captain
Joseph E. Came, wlftch has been in camp
here for the past two month, left here'
this morning for the Presidio via Merced
and San Jose. They expect to arrive at
the Presidio in about ten days. At Mer
ced the troop will be joined by part oC
the company, which has been guarding
Sequoia Park, under the command ofi
Lieutenant S. N. Kimball.
The troop has done excellent work In
Yosemite Park this year by arresting:
many herders of sheep In the park. Yes
terday the troop went to Mariposa Big
Trees, where a large sequoia was named
Utah by Captain Came.
A large United States survey party,
under the supervision of Special Agent
J W Seevely, which has been in Yosem
ite Park for the past two weeks 19
expected to return in a few days. Tho
falis in the Yosemite have been much in
creased in size by the recent rains, and
the valley Is looking beautiful, clothed
in its fall garb of colored leaves and
Lord Muncaster will arrive here to-mor-.
row night en route to the Yosemite. Much
improvement has been done in the Yo
semite during the past summer in tha
way of repairing roads- and trails and
constructing bridges. Travel to tho val
ley has not been up to tha standard this
year, owing to the war.
010
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" ~ * wen*. M
"Tremarkable offer i!
TO PERSONS AFFLICTED WITH DEAFNESS OR CATARRH OF THE NOSE,
THROAT; VOCAL CORDS OR LUNGS, CATARRH OF THE
STOMACH, LIVER, ETC.
FREE TWO WEEKS' TREATMENT AND ALL MEDICINES INCLUDED
to those who apply at the r office any time within the next two weeks from date.
Pec-Dle living in the" country may avail themselves of this offer by reading the fol-
lowms symptoms over carefully, marking those that apply to their case and send-
ing them by mail to the office with a request for home treatment. This offer is
etfictlv an honorable one. It is made to those who suffer with affections of the
Sara or catarrh in its various forms, to convince them that ours is the treatment
thlt cures If at the expiration of the two weeks' free trial treatment you are
satisfied with its results, to continue treatment will only cost you our regular
rates $5 per month, including all medicines and our watchful care and atten-
tion until a cure is i effected. There are thousands of ; people in and about San
Francisco to-day who have some imperceptible germ taint of catarrh abroad in
the system or afloat in the circulation, as well as vast numbers of people in whom
.£,Lo .rlrtti taints have developed into chronic ailments of varying degrees ofma-
those germ taints na%e i^ most lnstance3 the dlfflculty is aggravated by the
} S , th-it (victims cannot diagnose their miseries or distinguish the cause of
fact that tne v " majority of oommon chronic diseases, though known as
*£ en trouble lung trouble, stomach trouble, kidney trouble, etc.. are really of
throat tioubio. lung no^ie Every part of the mucous membrane _ the nose,
fhrolf ears lungs stSmach. liver kidneys and bladder-is subject to disease
""h w I",- o'itnirh and to enable many afflicted persons to get a correct con-
ception of the real nature of their malady the following almost unvarying symp-
toms are presented: . . .
CATARRH OF HEAD and THROAT
"Is the voice husky?"
"Do you aplt up slime. _
"Po you ache all over?
"Do you snore at night.
"Do you blow out scabs at nignt ■
"Is your nose stopped up?'^
"Doea your nose discharge. _
"Does the nose bleed easily
"!<= this worse toward night
"Does the nose itch and burn.
"Is there pain in front of h»ad .
"In there pain across the eyes'.
"Is there tickling in the throat .
"Is your sense of smell leaving.
"Do"you hawk to clear the throaty
"Is the throat dry In the morning.
"Are you losing your sense of taste.
"Do you sleep with your mouth OP*" 1 );,,,
"Does your nose stop up toward nigh*. .
CATARRH OF THE
BRONCHIAL TUBES.
This conditionoften results from Catarrh ex-
tending from the head and throat, and. if lett
unchecked, extends down the windpipe into the
bronchial tubes, and In time attacks the lungs.
"Have you a cough?"
"Are you losing fleah?"
"Do you cough at night? "
"Have you a pain in side?"
"Do you take cold easily?"
"ls your appetite variable?"
"Have you stitches in side 0 "
"Do you cough until you. gag?"
"Do you raise frothy material""
"Do you cough on going to bed?"
"Do you cough In the morning .'"
"Are you low-spirited at times?"
"Do you spit up yellow matter?"
"Is your cough short and hacking?"
"Do you spit up little cheesy lumps?"
"Have you a disgust for fatty foods?"
"Ib there a tickling behind the palate?"
"Do you feel you are growing weaker?"
"Is there a burning pain in the throat?"
"Have you pain behind the breastbone?"
"Do you cough worse night and morning?"
"Do you have to sit up at night to get
breath?"
CATARRH OF THE STOMACH."
This condition may result from several
causes, but the usual cause ls Catarrh, the
mucus dropping down Into the throat and be-
ing swallowed.
"Is there nausea?"
"Are you costive?"
"Is there vomiting?"
"Do you belch up gas?"
"Have you waterbrash'.'
"Are you light-headed?"
"Is your tongue coated?"
"Do you hawk and spit?"
"Is there pain after eating?"
Dr. Fleekenstein's Treatise Free to All. The Fleckenstein i
Medical Institute, Emporium Building*, 825 and 855 Market
Street, Rooms 515-516, Fifth Floor.
AEEIfP HAIIDC From 9 a. m. to 12 m.; from 1 to 6 p. m. Evenings— Tuesdays and
Urri"vC UVUKJ Fridays. 7 to 9: Sundays from 10 a. m. to 12 m.
EXAMINATION OF MEN
STILL PROGRESSES
THE RESULTS THUS FAR ARE
FAVORABLE.
"Work Laid Out for the Military Com
mittee of the Next Legisla
ture — A Naval Boat
Drill.
The work of physical examination in
the National Guard is still progressing.
All those who petitioned to become mem
bers of the companies named have under
gone physical examination. The last for
the week to pass before the surgeons were
those who want to become members of
Company B of the First Infantry. They
had their examination on Saturday night
and like all the other bodies that have
passed, they made a good showing.
The examinations thus far encourage
the officers in the hope that the new
National Guard of California will be the
equal of the best volunteer organizations
accepted during the recent war. Physi
rally, the men. will come up to the re
quired standard of the United States
army for volunteers, and it is the judg
ment of the examination board that there
are but few who have been examined who
would not be accepted in the regular
Major General Dickinson has issued an
order to the effect that as the board of
location, acting in conjunction with the
commander in chief, has decided that all
applicants for admission into the service
of the State must pass a physical exam
ination in conformity with the United
States army standard, he directs Colonel
John Gallwey, surgeon general N. G. C,
to make the necessary details of sur
geons and take such other steps as may
be necessary, from time to time, to have
such examinations made.
The examination of the men who are to
become members of Company M of the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fThe Owl
Drug Co.
1128 Market St.
CUT-RATE DRUGGISTS.
Tvja Get What
Your Doctor Orders
In your prescriptions at the
Owl. No ■ substitution, no
commissions paid to the
physicians at the Owl, and
you save 50 per cent at the
Owl. _
Paine's Celery Compound, $1 size.Jjl 6O
Cutlcura Soap, 25c size 15
Malted Milk, 50c size 4O
Malted Milk, Jl size 75
Malted Milk, $3 75 size 3 OO
Castoria, 35c size 25
Pond's Extract, 50c size 35
Syrup of Figs. 50c size 35
Pink Pills, 50c size 40
Carter's Pills, 26c size 15
Beecham's Pllle, 25c size 15
Thompson's Liver Pills, 25c size. 15
Baker's Sarsaparilla, $1 size.... 75
Witch Hazel, gallon bottles 1 25
Hoff's Malt 25
Thompson's Dandelion and Cel-
ery Tonic, $1 filze, .cut to 60c.
SYMPTOMS OF EAR TROUBLES.
Deafness and ear troubles result from Ca-
tarrh passing along the Kustachian tube that
leads from the throat to the ear.
"Is your hearing falling?"
"Do your enrs discharge?"
"Do your ears itch and burn?"
"Are the ears, dry and scaly?"
"Have you pain behind the ears?"
"Is there throbbing in the ears?"
"Is there a buzzing sound heard?"
"Do you have a ringing in the ears?"
"Are there crackling sounds heard?"
"Is your hearing bad cloudy days?"
"Do you have earache occasionally?"
"Are there sounds like steam escaping?"
"Do your ears hurt when you blow your
nose?"
"Do you constantly hear noises In the ears?"
"Do you hear better some days than others?"
"Do the noises In your ears keep you
awake?"
"When you blow your nose ?lo the ears
crack?"
"Is hearing worse when you have a cold?"
"Is roaring like a waterfall in the head?"
CATARRH OF THE LIVER.
The liver becomes diseased by Catarrh ex-
tending from the stomach Into the tubes of the
liver.
"Are you fretful?"
"Are you peevish?"
"Do you get dizzy?"
"Do you fee! fatigued?"
"Do you feel miserable?"
"Do you have cold feet?"
"Do you get tired easily'"
"Is your eyesight blurred?"
"Can't you explain where?"
"Constant sense of depression?"
"If there a bloating after eating""
"Constant sense of pain in back?"
"Do you have gurgling in bowels?"
"Do you have rumbling in bowels?"
"Have you pain under shoulder-blade?"
"Is there throbbing In the stomach?"
"Do you have sense of heat in bowels?"
"Do you suffer from pains in temples?"
"Do you have palpitation of the heart?"
CATARRH OF THE STOMACH.
"Are you nervous and weak?"
"Do you have sick headaches?"
"Do you bloat up after eating?"
"Is there disgust for breakfast?"
"Have you distress after eating?"
"Is your throat filled with slime?"
"Do you at times have diarrhoea?"
"Isjjhere rush of blood to the head?"
"When you get up suddenly are you dizzy?"
"Is there constant sensation in stomach?"
"Do you feel as if you had lead In stomach?"
"When stomach is empty do you feel faint?"
"Do you belch material that burns throat?"
"If stomach ls full do you feel oppressed?"
First Infantry has been set for Monday;
on Tuesday next there will be an exam
ination at San Rafael of those who want
to join Company D of the Fifth Infantry,
and on Wednesday those anxious to be
come members of Company X of the First
Infantry will be examined at the Ellis
street armory.
Lester C. Burnett, recently elected lieu
tenant of Troop A, has passed a success
ful examination as to competency to dis
charge the duties of the position.
Colonel T. M. Cluff, assistant adjutant
general on the division staff, has re
turned from his trip East and has re
ported for duty.
Captain L. H. Turner, commanding the
Naval Militia, has recovered from his re
cent illness and is again at his post.
Last Tuesday night sixty men of the
Naval Militia, reported at the Marion for
drill, and while there was a good showing
of men there was a dearth of officers—
that is, commissioned officers — to drill
them. It being a fine clear night and there
beir.g plenty of moonlight, the men v»re
assigned to boat drill, three boats being
taken out. One was under command of
Lieutenant Dennis, the other under com
mand of Lieutenant W. E. Elliott, an<l
the third was hi charge of Coxswain Don
nellan. The men were out for nearly :wo
hours, and went as far as Goat Island.
On the way they rounded the United
Slates ships Philadelphia and Wheeling
and were hailed from each ship. The nii.-n
displayed considerable familiarity with
the duties required of them. Among the
duties they were required to perform was
the making of landings. They made three
of them, and were complimented /or the
successful manner in which they did their
work.
The board recently appointed to investi
gate and report upon the loss of certain
property belonging to the State and in
charge of the Naval Militia, has com
menced its labors. Each division com
mander has been directed to make a per
sonal examination of the property of the
division and report the result of such ex
amination without delay, and they were
further directed to have all the property
in such condition that it may be inspected
at a moment's notice by the members of
the board or some one of the board. The
board will in its report locate the respon
sibility on those who are accountable for
the loss of the property.
During the approaching session of the
next Legislature the Committee on ivilli
tary Affairs will fcave a number of new
matters to consider. An effort will be
made to have it recommend the passage
of a law that will do away with the fre
quent elections held in the companies of
the guard. It is proposed that after the
first election the only commissioned officer
to be elected shall be the second lieuten
ant, so that in case of a vacancy in the
upper grades those in the lower ones wul
be In line for promotion. That Is, if the
captain retires, is removed or dies, tne
first lieutenant will become captain, the
second lieutenant first; the vacancy in the
second lieutenancy to be filled by elec
tion, the officer to hold during good be
havior and competency and to be retired
for age as is done in the regular army.
This, it is thought, will do away with
a great deal of sectional feeling in tne
companies and give officers who will oe
able to enforce discipline much better
than in the past.
It is also proposed to have the laws af
fecting the guard codified, do away with
the regulations as now laid down, and In
lieu thereof substitute the United States
army regulations, so far as applicable.
Another matter that will be urged will
be the erection of armories to be owned
by the State.
The 1900 Club will move into their per
manent quarters in the Y. M. C. A.
building, corner of Mason and Ellis
streets, room 2. third floor, on November
1. After that date the clubrooms will be
open for the use of members at all hours
of the day, Ttith an attendant in charge.
There will be a special business and
social meeting held in the new rooms on
Tuesday evening, November 1, at 8
o'clock, and all members are invited to
attend and bring their friends.
Benefit for Homeless Children.
A benefit will be tendered the San Fran
cisco Nursery for Homeless Children at
the Alcazar Theater to-morrow. There
are seventy-five little children in the in
stitution, and the ladies in charge are
anxious to secure the necessary comforts
for them at the beginning of winter.
Your Opportunity.
We will send free sample of Smith's
Dandruff Pomade to any one troubled
with dandruff, eczema and Itching scalp.
Address Smith Bros., Freano, Cai. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1898.
MUST FIGHT FOR ITS LITTLE
PENNIES.
Despite Numerous Semi-Virtuous Concessions Wells,
Fargo & Company Must Show Cause Belore the
Supreme Court of This State Why It Should
Not Pay the War Tax.
Attorney General Fitzgerald yesterday
filed with the Supreme Court his petition
for an alternative writ of mandate ope
rating against Wells, Fargo & Co. It is
by this means that the State of Califor
nia will seek to rid its sovereign people
of the burden of a grasping corporation's
taxes and convince President John J. Val
entine that the laws of the land are not
to be differentiated that he may further
squeeze the people who have made his
company and his own rotund salary prof
itable possibilities.
There is a bright, shining possibility
that Mr. Fitzgerald's petition is too
late for its object. It has developed in the
past few days that Mr. Valentine and b,is
company have made concessions and that
to some of their littie receipts they are
attaching and paying for their own reve
nue stamps. True the patrons who have
been so far honored are the very largest
and most profitable shippers that appear
on the company's books, and the suspi
cion may arise that the Valentine magna
nimity is induced by the coercive influ
ence of threatened withdrawals of big
blocks of trade. However, the fact re
mains that the company is actually pay
ing for some of Its stamps, not only in
this city, but in Sacramento and in the
other towns where there are shippers of
enough importance to the corporate purse
to tell Mr. Valentine to put up or go
without. Mr. Valentine is putting up,
and the fact will argue to his benefit un
til he proves that his sudden accession of
virtue is nothing more than discrimina
tion against those who do need it for the
benefit of those who do not.
I'nsuspected virtue to the contrary. At
torney General Fitzgerald is going right
along with his fight for principal and pub
lic rights. It was hi? original intention
to make his application for a writ of man
date before the Superior Court. The
decision of Justice of the Peace Barry
and of Superior Judge Troutt in the
Costley case, however, interfered with
that. Though the Superior Court declared
that the corporation should buy its
stamps and pay damages to William
Costley as well, Mr. Valentine considered
that the last behest only was incumbent
upon him. He acknowledged the decis
ion's justice In so far that he forwarded
MILLIONS IN A STRONG BOX.
Personal Property of the Estate of
Charles F. Crocker Deposited.
An order was made yesterday by Judge
Coffey directing Henry T. Scott and
Charles E. Green, guardians of the ps
tates of Mary, Charles Templeton and
Jennie Adeline Crocker, children and
heirs of the late Charles F. Crocker, to
deposit all personal property belonging
to the estates of their wards in the vaults
of the Crocker- Woolworth National Bank.
This was done in order to obviate the
necessity of the guardians securing bonds
sufficient to cover the great value of the
property, and was made under the pro
visions of the code.
The property was all placed in a strong
box and carried into court, sealed and
delivered to G. W. Kline, cashier of the
Crocker-Woolworth Bank. Following is
a list of the property which has passed
from the hands of the guardians into
the vaults of the bank under the order
of court:
Six hundred and forty-nine and one-twentieth
shares of the capital stock of the Southern Pa
cific Company, valued at $16,226 25; 437 shares of
the capital stock of the Southern Pacific Rail
road Company, valued at $3800: 100 shares of
the capital stock of the Central Pacific Rail
road Company, valued at llOitf; 260 shares of
the capital stock of the Oakland Water Front
Company, valued at $3000; 527 shares of the
capital stock of the Rocky Mountain Coal and
Iron Company, valued at $26,350; W0 shares of
the capital stock of Well?. Fargo & Co.. MO.oOO;
20 340 shares of the Market-street Railway Com
pany, valued at $1,067,680; 1256 shares of the
Crocker-Woolworth National Bank of ban
Francisco, valued at 1231.480; 19.999 shares of
the Crocker Estate Company, valued at $3,:i99.-
SOO- 100 shares of the Union Iron Works, valued
at $10 000; 150 shares of the capital stock of
the Promontory Ranch Company, valued at
«15 000- 100 shares of the Curlew Ranch Com
r.anv valued at $10,000: $275,000 United Ptat. s
Government 4 per cent roistered bonds, all
amounting to $5. C.*>9. 536 25.
Temperance and Patriotism.
The Second District League of the Cross
will hold its annual rally and essay con
test at .Mission Parlor Hall, on Seven
teenth street, this afternoon at 2 o'clock.
The feature of the affair will be the read
ing of essays on "Temperance and Patri
otism" by the winners of three parish
contests, the' best in style, matter and de
livery to be rewarded with a silver medal.
Arthur Osborne will represent St. Jo
seph's, Lieutenant Gardner of Company
B L. C. C. St. Charles, and Private.
Thomas Keegan of Compart" L. L. C. C.,
Mission Dolores. The judges will be Miss
j E. Macauley. Professor Lawrence
Taaffe and Stephen L. Sullivan. Rev . C.
E O'Neile will deliver the address. Mv
A GRAYBACKED WHALE
CAUSES EXCITEMENT
A BIG grayback whale caused considerable excitement in the bay yes
terday. When first seen the leviathan was off Goat Island, but he
soon changed his quarters and got right in the fairway. The pas
sengers on the ferry steamer Piedmont got a splendid view of the mammal,
as it spurted a few hundred feet from the steamer.
Whales are not uncommon in the harbor, and sometimes two and
three of them are to be seen off Alcatraz feeding. They generally follow
the sardines into port and go out with the tide. It is something unusual to
see one south of the ferry, and the Piedmont's passengers were treated to
that sight yesterday.
1 a check to Costley, but he bought no
stamps.
The Attorney General figured that one
Superior Court decision would receive no
more attention than another, and decided
to appeal for relief to the Supreme Court
of the State. This he did yesterday, and
in his cause of action avers that the com
pany is and always has been since Its
incorporation under the laws of the State
of Colorado, in the business of car
rying and transporting packages as a
general express business.
That since the first day of July, IS9B,
it has been the duty of the defendant to
affix, and cancel at its own cost, to all of
Kb receipts a revenue stamp of the value
of 1 cent, as provided by an act of Con
gress entitled "An act to provide ways
and means to meet war expenditures, and
for other purposes." That on October 19
he tendered to the company a package
for transportation to the State Board of
Examiners at Sacramento and at the
same time offered the usual rate of 25
cents but that a demand was made upon
him for an additional cent to pay for the
stamp, which plaintiff alleges he was not
required by law to pay, and that upon his
refusal to pay the 1 cent his package was
refused by the company's agent.
In his statement of cause the plaintiff
also alleges in a general charge that the
company in disregarding the tax law is
dishonoring its franchise. On this point
the complaint says:
Affiant believes upon information and al
leges, that defendant is violating its franchises
and Us duty to the public and is unlawfully de
niiiivltng of all personw who transact any ex
press business with defendant within this State
the payment of the internal revenue tax which
by virtue of the provisions of, the act of Con
gress aforesaid it is the duty of defendant it
self to pay. and unlawfully and oppressively
forces and compels all of such persons to pay
said tax by unlawfully refusing to receive for
transportation any goods so offered to it for
transportation and shipment unless, In addi
tion to Its regular charges, the persons so offer
ing goodß pay to defendant a sum sufficient to
cover the cost to defendant of purchasing and
procuring the Internal revenue stamps, or un
less such iiersons themselves furnish said
■tamps; that by reason of its unlawful and
coerciva acts defendant is evading and escap
ing Its Just share of the burden of the internal
revenue t»jX and is unlawfully ■violating its
franchise and failing to properly perform • the
<luti.»s imposed upon it by law, and is co
erclvely and without any rirht violating its
duty to the people of this State by imposing
the unlawful and onerous burden of paying its
joint and rightful share of the internal revenue
tax upon the general public.
sicaJ numbers will be rendered by Misses
Minnie and Ella Flannery and George F.
Eaane, George F. Johnston and Dr. Jo
seph I. Richards.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkin sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
AN ELECTRIC SHOCK.
Lightning Striker Davis Gets a
Pair of Blackened Eyes
Out of Soak.
J. T. Davis, an electrician, and his col
lector. R. K. Raymond, became involved
ypstorday forenoon in an altercation with
E. Deavega, a pawnbroker at 429 Mont
gomery street, over a bill for a mica
chimney. Deavega presented Davis with
a pair of black eyes, one positive and one
negative, and threw him out of the shop
with a force aggregating 20,000 volts.
Raymond went to -the assistance of his
employer and experienced an attack of
cold feet when Deavegra pressed the muz
zle of a navy revolver against his solar
plexus.
Davis and his discolored optics were
taken to the California-street police sta
tion, where a charge of disturbing the
peace was entered against him by Dea
vega.
; ' iv-y^A ■ ♦ «
Clubbed by Poundmen.
The preliminary examination of Nicholas
Robllng, Henry Danz and John Logan,
deputy poundkeepers, charged with as
sault with a deadly weapon upon Charles
L. Mitchell, a saloon keeper on Kearny
street, was commenced before Judge Con
lan yesterday.
Mitchell's evidence as to being clubbed
and his scalp wounded was corroborated
by several witnesses, and as other wit
nesses had to be examined and the time
for adjournment had come, the further
hearing of the case was continued until
Wednesday.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
Criminals Up for Sentence.
Charles T. Jansen, convicted of having
signed and issued a fictitious check, was
sentenced to two years in San Quentln by
Judge Cook yesterday. C. W. Barrett,
who pleaded guilty to a charge of bur
glary in the second degree, was given a
term of eighteen months in San Quentin.
RUPERT MANUEL
DIES IN THE
COUNTY JAIL
Left His Property to
Mrs. Head.
HE WAS IN THE FIGEL CASE
EXPIRED WHILE "ERVING SEN
TENCE FOR CONTEMPT.
Gratitude of the Octogenarian for
Kind Treatment Received
Substantially Ex
pressed.
Rupert Manuel, S3 years old, died In the
County Jail shortly before 1 o'clock yes
terday afternoon. He had been attended
by City Physician Hereford for a com
plication of diseases.
Manuel was formerly In the service of
Eugene Deuprey, his duty being to serve
papers for Mr. Beuprey's law office. He
came Into prominence In the Figel-Hoff
man murder trial. On October 14 of this
year he was committed for contempt by
Superior Judge Troutt, his sentence being
for five days. The contempt consisted In
his refusal to deliver certain papers in
the case of the estate of his deceased
wife. He was again taken from the
courtroom to the County Jail last Thura-
day.
On Friday night he wrote a statemen.
In lead pencil, purporting to be his last
will and testament in the guise of a let
ter addressed to Mrs. Bertha Head, wife
of School Director E. L. Head. The let
ter is written in a remarkably firm hand
for an octogenarian on the point or
death. He requests Mrs. Head to have
him cremated, and leaves her all his
property, consisting of $400 of his own
money and $1000 belonging to the estate
of his dead wife, together with his real
estate the value of which is not stated.
Mike H. Smith is made trustee for her
for $3000 or thereabouts on his bank ac
count. He also bequeaths to Mrs. Head
$60 cash In his pocket.
In his statement he says that he makes
the bequest to Mrs. Head out of grati
tude, because she was kind to him when
he made her house his home.
ASSESSOR SIEBE
AND CORPORATIONS
RECORDS OF HIS OFFICE DIS
PROVE FAVORITISM.
His Opponents Allege Facts That
Official Records Disprove
Absolutely.
After a man has served as a public
official as long as honest John D. Siebe
has, and then has so little said against
him regarding the administration of
his office as can be said against this
gentleman, it argues well for his fit
ness for the place and it suggests many
reasons why voters should and will
vote for his re-election.
Distorting figures and misstating
facts in an endeavor to weaken an op
ponent usually acts as a boomerang,
and such will prove the case in Mr.
Siebe's campaign when his opponent re
sorts to such practices.
In recent addresses to voters the
Democratic nominee has taken advan
tage of the opportunity to make a num
ber of misstatements relative to Mr.
Siebe's assessments, particularly those
of corporations, and has made asser
tions of alleged facts that are not
borne out by the records.
Mr. Siebe's opponent has recently, on
various occasions, at public meetings
asserted that the Republican nominee
had shown favoritism in the assessment
of corporations, and gave alleged spe
cific figures to substantiate his claims.
He called particular attention to fig
ures of assessments made by Assessor
Badlam in 1876, as against those of As
sessor Siebe, especial consideration be
ing given to the personal property as
sessments of the Spring Valley Water
Company and the San Francisco Gas
Company. The Democratic nominee
endeavored to make it appear that Mr.
Slebe has assessed these two corpora
tions for a less amount than they were
assessed in 1876 by Mr. Badlam.
The records show that in 1876 the
Spring Valley Water Company's per
sonal property assessment, including
franchise, was $2,322,170, while for 1898
the assessment made by Mr. Siebe was
$3,589,857.
The personal property assessment of
the San Francisco Gas Company in 1876,
including franchise, was $1,403,900,
while Mr. Siebe assessed this same
company for personal property in 1898
$2,521,168.
Personal property assessments
reached a maximum of $101,000,000 in
1874. They declined in 1876 to $71,000 -
000, and in 1879 to $51,000,000. The last
two were during Mr. Badlam's incum
bency and show a decrease In personal
property assessments of $20,000,000 in
three years of his incumbency, and a
decrease of $50,000,000 between 1874 and
1879.
It is a fact — one regretted by all, but
nevertheless true— that many business
interests in San Francisco have depre
ciated in value of late years, hence the
decline In amount of personal property
assessments. Yet during Mr. Siebe's
incumbency he has increased the as
sessments of banks and corporations
nearly $12,000,000, while the total in
crease in all personal property assess
ments has been but a little over $2,000,
000.
These figures are all a matter of re
cord, and can be verified at any tim«
by an inspection of the records of the
Assessor's office.
That Mr. Slebe has done his duty
justly and honestly b- rich and poor
alike no one can deny who will take
the pains to investigate. For his op
ponent to state alleged facts from a
platform or in any other manner, when
the records disprove such assertions,
demonstrates how hopeless is the task
of defeating honest John Siebe, the
true and tried public official. Mr.
Siebe has demonstrated that he is a
man who cannot and will not betray
the trust and confidence of the people,
and the public approval of his admin*
istration of the Assessor's office will be
shown in the rousing majority by
which he will be re-elected Novem
ber 8.
Manhattan Zouaves.
The Manhattan Fire Zouaves, composed
of surviving members of Manhattan Fire
Engine Company of the volunteer fire de
partment of early days, and of younger
blood, will hold an anniversary picnic at
Schuetzen Park next Sunday.
Immigration Commissioner North.
United States Immigration Commission
er North returned from Washington yes
terday morning. He denies that there is
any truth in the statement published in*
the evening papers that there was any
likelihood that the work of the Chinese
bureau would be turned over to his de
partment.
DR. PIERCES BEMEDIES |
|MiilM||W|
A Society Woman and Her
Watch Suggest a Pertinent ;
I Physical Parallel.
!
A lady went to a famous New York
watchmaker the other day and said her
watch had broken down. The watch
maker opened the watch, adjusted his
eye-glass and carefully examined the
works. He smiled as he shut the case,
wound the watch, Bet it, and handed it
back to its owner.
"Why, what was wrong?" she asked.
"What did you do?" as with the watch
at her ear she listened in pleased sur-
prise to its regular beat. "It was, just
run down, and I wound it ,up, that was
"answered, the watchmaker. -
There is all the difference in the
world between being broken down and
-
RUN DOWN OR BROKEN DOWN. .
run down. But it usually takes the
skill of the specialist to determine the
difference.
There are thousands of women, Just
in the condition of that watch. They
are all run down, but they make the
mistake of thinking that they are bro-
ken down, and their condition is often
aggravated by their fears. It often
happens, however, that the complex
symptoms of feminine diseases appear
in the patient's judgment Just as criti-
cal as the stopped watch. It is simply
a "run down" condition and this run
down condition in woman means that
the vital forces are about exhausted.
The woman, unable to care for the fam-
ily or attend to her household duties, is
as incapable of play as she is of work,
is in constant pain, and feels that life is
about to end, and that she is completely
broken down. Many thousands of just
such women have come to Dr. R. V.
Pierce chief consulting physician of the
Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute,
Buffalo, N. Y. Dr. Pierce is a specialist
in the diseases of women, and his more
than thirty years' experience has en-
abled him to say to many a suffering
woman: "You are not broken down.
You are just run down. Your whole
life will run on again in its divinely
appointed way, when the main spring
which dominates it is once more regu-
lated and enabled to exercise its in-
herent and proper function."
The sufferings borne by women in
which men have no part or lot, and of
the pains and pangs of which they are
ignorant, are chiefly related to those
organs which are distinctively feminine.
Thus the "run-down" condition of
woman can oft-times be traced to the
irregular periods which beginning in
maidenhood culminate in the unpleas-
ant and debilitating drains of wifehood.
Then come the strain and drain of fre-
quently repeated motherhood, and with
it ulcerations, inflammations, displace-
ments of internal organs and bearing
down pains. The nerve force has al-
most entirely departed. There is no
more conjugal happiness and no more
courage to face the obligations of ma-
ternity. The desponding mind of the
prospective mother keeps a fearful
watch on the dial which marks off the
months and the days. She shrinks from
her coming anguish. The little life knit
up with hers is already being blighted
by her nervousness and gloomy fore-
bodings and surely handicapped in the
race of life. This condition has been
met in a wonderful way by Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription. It quickly allays
inflammations, cures ulcerations, and
builds up the nerve centers. The wife
instead of nervously pacing the house
wringing her hands in dread of the ap-
proaching day of pa^n, now sits and
sewa in happy preparation, her fingers
sometimes falling idly to her lap, as
she drifts into smiling reverie, and al-
ready imagines the tug of the tiny
fingers and the pressure of the tender
lips upon her bosom, swelling with
motherly pride and happiness.
Such a transformation seems wonder-
ful. It is wonderful. Yet It is as true
as it is wonderful. A half million of
women have testified to these facts;
women who have been freed from pain
and suffering and been restored to the
full measure of enjoyment which be-
longs to the happy duties of wife and
mother. Some few of these women tell
their story in the following testimo-
nials:
"I thank God for such remedies as
your 'Favorite Prescription' and 'Gold-
en Medical Discovery,' for myself and
friends honestly believe that had it not
been for these wonderful medicines I
would to-day be in my grave," writes
Miss Laura Brooks of Clinch, Hancock
County, Term. "1 am sure that I could
not have lived many days in the condi-
tion I was in at the time I first con-
sulted you. I was only praying to die
and be free from pain. I was simply a
shadow and we had tried almost every-
thing, when, through a friend, I was
advised to write to you, which I did,
thinking all the while that it was only
foolishness to think that such a case as
mine could be cured. But I do not
think so to-day. After the first week's
treatment just as you prescribed, I felt
like another woman and I hardly be-
lieved that such could be when the first
period was passed without pain. I con-
tinued the treatment until I had used
about servren bottles of the 'Favorite
Prescription' and some of the 'Discov-
ery,' and now I am a well woman. I
would have given any amount if I had
hid it just for the rest it has already
given me — rest from pain. I never
know when the periods are coming on
now, as I am free from pain, and dur-
ing the time I feel Just as well as at
any time, and am never confined to
my room as I once was. I can eat any-
thing I want and can work at any kind
of work. Everybody who knows me
thinks it wonderful that I am not sick
any more. I thank God for this friend
of women this blessed 'Favorite Pre-
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES
scription.' I can never tell you how I
medicine that saved me from suffering,
thank you, dear doctor, for your kind
advice and for your kind, good, fatherly
letters to me."
"Whai a difference in the suffering at
time of childbirth when Dr. R. V.
Pierces medicines are used," writes
Mrs. Edmon Jacobs of Bargersville,
Johnson County, Ind. "1 had not heard
of Dr. Pierces medicine three years
ago, when I was expecting to be con-
fined, so had to suffer almost death. Be-
fore baby was born I could not be on
my feet without two persons holding
me. The baby was a boy weighing
nine and three-quarter pounds, and for
some weeks after his birth I suffered
severe pain. Following the advice of a
neighbor last fall my husband bought
me two bottles of Dr. Pierces Pleasant
Pellets and one bottle of his 'Favoritt
Prescription,' which I took durlnut tb»
winter, and in March, 1898, I gave Dirm
to a baby boy weighing ten and three-
i quarter pounds. I was only in labor
two hours and was on my feet without
I help until thirty minutes before my
I baby was born. He is now thre«
months old and weighs nineteen
pounds. I know it was Dr. Pierces
I advise all women to take Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription, also his 'Pleas-
ant Pellets,' if necessary. I would not
be without them."
What a change from darkness to day-
light these histories tell! All this
change occurred in the privacy of th»
home, without indelicate questionings,
offensive examinations and disagree-
able local treatments so obnoxious to
modest-minded women. If afflicted you
are cordially and courteously invited to
write to D~. Pierce and tell him your
condition. There is no charge for this
consultation by letter. You get a spec-
ialist's advice absolutely free. Every
letter is treated as pri-ate communica-
tion between physician and patient, and
every statement is held in the most
sacred confidence. Write without fear
as without fee.
Remember that Dr. Pierce is a gradu-
ated physician, whose reputation standi
side by side with his thirty years' ex-
perience. It is well to keep this in mind,
because people are often invited to
write to "doctors" who are doctors in
name only, having no right to the pro-
fessional title. The feelings of women
are often played upon, also, by
those who- Invite them to "write to a
woman and secure a woman's sympa-
thetic advice." What a "run-down"
woman needs is sound medical advice
and not mere sisterly sympathy. There
is not, so far as we know, any gradu-
ated woman physician connected with
any proprietary medicine. There is
certainly no woman in any such posi-
tion who, like' Dr. Pierce, has given
thirty years of active practice to the
treatment of female disorders, thUB af-
fording women the practical sympathy
of real help and sound healing.
Every invalid woman should know
that Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription
contains no alcohol, whisky or other in-
toxicant. It is also free from opium
and narcotics, and contains neither su-
gar nor syrup. Without any of these
it preserves its remedial valu© indefi-
nitely in any climate.
Medicine dealers, everywhere, sell Dr.
Pierces Favorite Prescription. See that
you get the genuine. The imitations
imitate the appearance only. They can-
not imitate its thirty years' record of
cures. Look the dishonest dealer
straight in the eye and ask him if his
imitation substitute which he is trying:
to foist upon you has a thirty years'
record of cures behind It. Insist upon
having a remedy with a record.
The best book for any woman, slngla
or married, in the spring of life or in its
summer or autumn, Is Dr. R. V. Pierce'a
great work on physiology and hygiene,
"The People's Common Sense Medical
Adviser." It is medical science freed
of all its technical phrases, and stripped
of all its mystifying verbiage. It is the
story of life, told in strong and simple
language. It appeals to young and old
alike. It appeals to the heart as well as
to the mind and to the soul which is
over all. It is the plain, practical lan-
guage of common sense applied to th«
facts of physiology, the natural relation
of the sexes, the hygiene of the home.
This great book of 1008 pages and over
700 illustrations Is sent free on receipt
of 21 1-cent stamps (to defray the
charge of mailing only) for the paper-
covered edition. The heavier clo-th-
bound edition costs ten stamps more.
Address World's Dispensary Medical
Association, Buffalo, N. Y.
Sano-Rioill
(WiSSHUi? E»laJamjF kept v. s orous
THE HOME REMEDY N^f n if^:
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS *%"'£?£
rrr^ng. Tor all th»<e pains, irregularities and .ilffieultle* no
remedy on earth t ann.Difm «=«'lr»PPlie<l by lady her-
equa'i t^? famous JailU self. Relieves all pain
jfcVyj^XlSJk ' n Voinb or Ovaries In 10 minutes.
MHEsKBB ■ Promptly relieves Headache, Kiniei. Blood and
iHC'*^p:« Bladitor Troubles, Faintr.en,Xervoc«nes», fear
HB**^BB and Despondency. Cures Leucorrhcea, Womb
|$ja» SI Complaints, Di>placemer.t«, Backache, Bearing
CeSgfcst^ *S1 Dovrn Pains and all Female Disorders. ysCSSv
f'lfr ' 7vf\B«nl»hes Sorrcess and Ulceration»./-T i»
% fX^^^KO^heer. the .pints and Vitalizes t*ULJ
a v i^r ' the i ole frame. Safe, fkure and XEftr
■ Absolutely Hornless.* On* 50 cmi box will *•»'
complete a cure in ordinary easel. • • . •
STOPS ALL PAIN I SOU^? T AIX druggists.
IN IU MlWlllrV-..,". r r..--, r ,. CeTtr ., B , df>CUeai-
Sold •by Owl Drug Co., S. P.. and Oakland.
ggjgffllJß; BALL'S REINYIGORATOR
ajfia'' bBSS - Five hundred reward for any case
M'T* "• I^H we cannot cure. This secret remedy
; HLjj£' r 'i^l"_B| stops * all ' losses In 24 hours, cures
S^a fm|m Emissions. Impotency, Varlcocele,
I A VI avlul Gonorrhoea. Gleet, Fits, Strictures,
OKW SHSM Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
ttSk3 Baa fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
g^'na sealed. s2 battle: 8 bottles, »5; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL. IN-
STITUTE. 556 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale -at : 1073% Market st.y *8. F. All prl-
vate dlseeases* quickly cured. Send for free book.
I>T3TTOTTI7r; FOR BARBERS. BAK-
mtu &nii b us .^^cks.
brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers, aner*.
dyers, ; nourm<Ua, foundries, . laundries, ■ . paper*
: hangers. printers, • painters, :■, shoe factories,
■tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc :
s"i BUCHANAN BROS.. ■■:'■ /'-■'■
„ Brush Manufacturers. 1 609 Sacramento 91ADVERTISEMENTS.
General, Sir Evelyn Wood.
S/R EVELYN WOOD Says:
"Regarding the infantry marching in the recent maneuvers, it
was the best seen during my command at Aldershot. Many officers
availed themselves of the tonic and reconstituent properties of the
well-known Mariani Wine, the most certain as well as the most
palatable method of inducing resistance to fatigue."
From "The London Sketch."
Mariani Wire is indorsed by more than SOOO American physicians. It is of especial value
In casf s of Neuralgia. Nervous Debility, Muscular Relaxation, Mental and Physical De-
pression and Exhaustion, Overyoik or Overstrain, Insomnia, Headache, Nervous Dyspep-
sia. Logs of Appetite, Emaciation and Consumption; it builds up the vital forces and is a
poiv°rful rejuvenatr.r. It Rives strength to the nervous system, firmness and elasticity to
the muscles, and richness to the blood. It benefits ail and injures none.
FOR OVERWORKED MEN, DELICATE WOMEN, SICKLY CRILOREN
MARIANI WINE MEANS SALVATION.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS. REFUSE SUBSTITUTIONS.
SPECIAL OFFER— To all who write mentioning the San Francisco Call we send a
book containinj portrait^ and indorsements of EMPERORS, EMPRESS. PRINCES,
CARDINALS, ARCHBISHOPS and other distinguished personages.
MARIANI & CO., 52 WEST 15TH STREET, NEW YORK.
Paris — II Boulevard Hauspinann; Liondon S3— Mortimer Street; Mmilif 1 IS 30 Hospital St.
COUNTERFEIT LABELS
ON LIQUOR PACKAGES
DECISION BY U. S. DISTRICT
JUDGE HAWLEY.
Liquor Dealers Must Not Ship Their
Goods on False Pretenses or
Under False Labels.
T'nited States District Judge Hawley
rendered a decision yesterday which will
be of the greatest interest to dealers in
spirituous liquors.
The case was that of the United States
of America vs. Henry Campe & Co. to
collect a fine of $500 for shipping a case
of brandy labeled "Hennessy One Star
Cognac," when in fact the label was a
counterfeit and the liquor was not of the
brand named.
Judge Hawley quotes the following from
the Circuit Court of Appeals:
Unquestionably, an observance of the re
quirement that packages of liquor shall be
shipped or removed only under names indi
cating truthfully their contents will aid the
revenue officers to trace and identify such pack
ages, and thereby verify the truth OT fnlFlty of
the books and rercrrts of the distiller or recti
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DO NOT READrtHIS
UNLESS YOU ARE SICK.
CHICAGO'S CELEBRATED
HOMEOPATHIC PHYSICIAN,
W, NORTON DAVIS,
Is now located permanently at 318 Kearny st.,
between Bush and Pine.
SPECIAL ATTENTION' PAID TO DISEASES
OF WOMEN AND CHILDREN AS WELL AS
ALX. COMPLAINTS OF LONG STANDING.
LADIES.
Are you troubled with Backache. Pain In the
Side Headache, Flushes of Heat to Head and
Face Bearing Down. Irregularity. Nervous-
ness ' Restless at Night. Indigestion. Conntlpa-
.. t limes feel as If "Weary of Life?"
These- are tom« of the many symptoms of
Terfiale Complaint.
Cure Guaranteed — Fee Moderate.
CHILDREN.
Have you a. PUNT CHILD, who does not
seem to thrive?
Boes.he fry out In his sleep?
Does he wet the bed?
Is his appetite capricious-?
.Is he troubled with Hives, PIMPLES OR
GATHERINGS?
Does he always appear to have a cold In his
head?
Any ordinary ailment of child can often be
cured with 'm<- inscription.
CALL uli WHITE if you or any of your
friends are troubled with any disease of
HEART, LUNGS, -NEIIVES. STOMACH or
KII'NEYP.
Now Is the time to procure the service* of
on* of the
WORLD'S GREATEST DOCTORS,
"Who will not treat you unless certain HE CAN
EFFECT A CI'RE.
FREE RECEPTION.
A oordial welcome is extended to all to call
at office between D and 11 a. m., for the pur-
' becoming acquainted or of talking over
your case.
Hours— 9 to 12. 2to 5 and 6:30 to S. Sundays,
10 to 12.
W. NORTON DAVIS, M.D.,
318 Kearny St., Bet. Bush and Pine,
BAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
fier. There are doubtless other ways familiar i
to the revenue offi'-prn in which the require- !
ment of section 3449 tends to the detection and j
suppression of frauds on the revenue.
After quoting the foregoing Judge Haw- j
ley proceeded to say: "As that action !
was against a distilling company the j
court had no occasion to pass directly
upon the point whether or not the act j
in question was intended to apply to any !
other persons than rliPtilk-rs, manufac- !
turers or rectifiers of liquors, and defend- !
ants argue that it must be limited to such j
persons.
"The statute does not, in terms, make
any such limitation. The language of the '
court in the case cited is broad enough ;
to include any person who ships, trans- j
ports or removes any spirituous or fer- I
mented liquors from one place to an- j
other in violation of the provisions of the I
statute.
"The demurrer is overruled."
HEARST LIBEL CASE.
Owing to the Defendant's Alleged
Illness the Hearing Is Con
tinued Till To-Morrow.
The case of W. R. Hearst, proprietor
of the Examiner, charged with criminal
libel by Claus Spreckels, was perempto- j
rily set down for hearing before Judge i
Mogan yesterday morning, but when it !
was called John S. Drum, representing !
Garret McEnerney, asked for a further
continuance, as Hearst was ill in bed and ;
could not be present. He thought that j
if the case was continued for an hour and
a half Hearst might be able to appear.
"If you say he is ill in bed and cannot
appear now, how do you think he will be
able to come here so soon?" asked the
Judge.
Drum replied that he did not know, but
he would telephone to Hearst and ascer
tain if he could be present. Drum held
a consultation with Attorney Grove L.
Johnson, for the prosecution, and the lat- j
ter remarked that he had placed himself
to considerable inconvenience to be pres
ent, believing that the case would go on,
and he thought it would be better to al
low the matter to go over till November
4, the time fixed upon at the last caHlng
of the case.
The Judge said he was willing to hear
the case at any time convenient to both
parties, and suggested that counsel should I
arrange for some definite time. Drum i
thereupon promised to have Hearst in
court to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock,
and by mutual consent the case was con
tinued until then.
The Pacific Coast Limited.
The Southern Pacific announces a new
train, to be called the Pacific Coast lira- '
ited, leaving hero on Mondays and Thurs- I
days at 5 p. m., commencing with Thurs- !
day next, November 3. It will carry |
composite buffet car, compartment car,
double drawing room sleeping cars and i
dining car, and will run solid between
Los Angeles and Chicago, with through
drawing room sleeping car between San
Francisco and Chicago.
It is designed especially for winter busi- I
ness, and with a view to giving superior I
service to the tourist travel between the j
Middle and Northwestern States and this !
coast. It will leave Los Angeles on Tues- !
days and Fridays.
Advanced made on furniture and piano*, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
That Garbage Matter.
The Merchants' Association sent a com
munication yesterday to the Board of Su
pervisors, suggesting that the company
owning the Sanitary Reduction Works be
asked to name a price to be given to the
city for a term of years for incinerating
all garbage, including that kind of refuse
which has been heretofore dumped by
scavengers on vacant lots. Further it is
suggested that the Supervisors ask on
what terms the reduction works can be
leased by the city with the privilege of
purchase. _
Golden Gate Union.
The next quarterly convention of Golden
Gate Union of Christian Endeavorers will
be held next Thursday in Plymouth Con
gregational Church. • The principal ad
dress wil be delivered by Rev. E. R.
THE SAN FEAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1898.
PLAGUE SHIP
TO COME OUT
OF QUARANTINE
She Will Be Released
To- Morrow.
THE FARRAGUT IS A FLYER
EXCEEDS THE CONTKACT SPEED
ON HER TRIAL TRIP.
Phelan Permits the Erection of a
Dangerous Advertising Fence
on Buildings on East
Street.
The French bark Duchesse Anne will
be released from quarantine to-morrow.
None of the crew show any signs of dis
ease, and as It is nearly six weeks since
the last member of the crow died of bu
bonic plague, Dr. Mathiewson thinks
there Is no fear of contagion. The gene
ral Impression seems to be that tho
dreadful Asiatic scourge would not live
here any more than yellow fever. For
forty flays the sailors and officers have
been living in the same quarters in which
their ship mates died, and all are In the
very best of health.
The quarantine officials are not taking
any chances, however. The Duchesse
Anne is to be thoroughly fumigated to
day. Everything in the cabin and fore
castle will be landed on Angel Island and
put through the hot-air process, while
every member of the crew will be given a
disinfecting bath. Dr. Mathiewson, the
Federal quarantine officer, says that as
soon as this work is done the vessel will
be released. She will therefore come Into
the stream to-morrow, and will dock as
soon as a berth can be procured for her.
She was chartered prior to arrival by
Girvin & Eyre to load wheat for Europe,
and no time will be lost in getting her
away on her homeward voyage. Captain
Waflace the pilot who brought the
Duchesse Anne in, is still aboard, much
to his disgust.
After being in port since last April the
Hawaiian bark Willscott sailed yesterday
to load coal at Nanaimo, if. C., for Hono
lulu. At the latter port she will load
sugar for New York. When the Wills
cott arrived here she was In distress and
was flying the British flag. She was
bound 'from Japan to Astoria, but was
caught in a hurricane and dismasted, bne
was navigated here under a Jury rig. and
later was sold to San Francisco owners,
who have rerigged her and put her under
the Hawaiian flag. „. ,, o _
By the grace of James D. Phelan,
Mayor of San Francisco, another death
trap is being added to the water front.
Passengers by the ferry steamers from
Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley look at
the structure in amazement, and the re
mark is general that if anybody is killed
through its falling in the ttrst north
easter "Jimmie. the -ttefter," should be
lynched for putting his signature to the
permit to build the fence.
From Sacramento to Clay on East
street the Frank estate owns all the
wooden shanties that confront visitora
on their first arrival in San Francisco.
From Sacramento to Commercial the
buildings are two stories, but from Com
mercial to Clay they are only one story.
On October 13 the Board of Super
visors, with the Mayor approving,
granted an advertising concern a permit
to erect a twenty-foot fence on top of
the one story buildings on East, between
Sacramento and Clay.
When the men began putting the fence
on the two-story buildings Sergeant Tom
Mahoney of the harbor police stepped in
and would not allot", the work to go on.
On the one-story buildines he allowed
them to work, but nothing could be done
with the others until a n«?w permit could
be rushed through the Board of Super
visors and signed by the Mayor. The
twenty-foot fence Is now up and being
painted and In a few days will be cov
ered with advertisements.
This enormous stretch of fencing is
braced with 4x4 timbers only, and when
a southeaster or northwester strikes it
there will be trouble.
The United States torpedo-boat destroy
er Farragut is a success. Yesterday sho
was given another trial and made
31 70-100 knots an hour without a hitch.
The crew of the flyer was jubilant and
decorated the vessel In a number of places
with the magic figures that mean the ac
ceptance of the vessel by Uncle Sam.
The Occidental and Oriental Company's
steamer Doric sailed for Hongkong via
Honolulu and Yokohama yesterday. She
could not take away all the freight that
was offering and was crowded with pas
sengers. >
WIDBER AGAIN IN COURT.
Offers Evidence in Support of a Mo-
tion for a New Trial.
Augustus? C. Widber, convicted of hav
ing looted the city treasury, was up be
fore Judge Cook again yesterday morning,
watching and listening to the proceedings
instituted for tho purpose of gaining him
a new trial. Attorney Peixotto was al
lowed to introduce testimony in substan
tiation of his allegation that Juror F. A.
Well had expressed an opinion unfavor
able to the defendant previous to the trial.
John Cook was called, and testified that
Well h:i<l Etated that in the event Widber
was guilty he should be punished. This
was the only opinion he had expressed.
P N. Brown was next called. He nad
heard the juror express an opinion, but
whether on the Widber or Botkln case he
was unable to say. This ended the pro
ceedings, and the case was continued until
Thursday for argument.
Boys Charged With Robbery.
John Richardson, a boy living at 630
Capp street, swore to a complaint in
Judge Low's court yesterday for the ar
rest of five other boys on the charge of
robbery. Richardson said he was in the
swamp on the San Bruno road and Po
trero avenue Thursday searching for
worms for bait when the five boys sur
rounded him and one of them drew a
long knife out of his pocket and threat
ened to kill him if he made an outcry.
Then they searched his pockets and stole
10 cents.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. '. ' . •;
(*~\ \ Good Wtae
•O^s^W^®^*?^*^ *^ To-day .we: serve with our
"<!• ?'^T!^^^i - *»>**' v^^*" regular full course French Dinner
■w-^\'y^^ Chauche & Bon's Sauterne (a :
ig^^^^S^^^L "^ We have selected this wine
Nv x 4lßnßMll^^p|^ A-> because its quality will be in
:i . keeping with the excellence of
'*V,_'^^^lif - : >: -* ' '■'; L^-\^\T^'\ s Full course French Dinner, with wine. $1.
NTr "** SJ^>>^ vV ">\^ v. Full course French Lunch, with wine. 75c.
'--..' . ':■.•; .-. . "y.ir.' ■"■^ . Light refreshments at popular prices.
I^ x V ,,> <? -L Spreckels Rotisserie,
, k  "-^ a,h ,w, M 15th floor Call Building.
.John J. Se«noti. Albert Wolff. . /.
THE FRENCH BARK
DUCHESSE ANNE
SHE arrived In port last Friday night, and was at once placed in quar
antine. A few days after she sailed from Hongkong the captain was
taken with the bubonic plague and died. Shortly afterward a sailor
sickened with the disease, and he also died. The other members of the
crew are now in good health, but they and the ship will be fumigated be
fore they are allowed to leave the quarantine grounds.
HIS QUALIFICATIONS
ARE OF THE BEST
HENRY S. MARTIN WILL MAKE
A MODEL SHERIFF.
It Is Predicted He Will Prove a Rec
ord-Breaker in the Matter
of Majority.
The opponents of Henry S. Martin,
the Republican nominee for Sheriff,
have found no better argument to ad
1 vance against his candidacy than the
; fact that he has never held office be
fore and for this reason is not fitted
to perform the duties of the office to
; which he aspires. If this were to be
: made the sole qualification of a man's
; fitness for office— the fact that he had
j been a public official before— the coun-
I try would be compelled to run itself af
1 ter the presenffmbHe officials through-
I out the land had become too old for
further service.
The fact of the matter is that a
mans fitness for any public office
should be and nearly always is shown
by the abilities he has shown to pos
j sess by his success and accomplish
! ments in private life.
That Henry S. Martin has proven his
i fitness to be Sheriff of this county is
demonstrated by the marked success
! that he has achieved in all undertakings
i he has been engaged in since he came
i to man's estate in this, the city of his
: birth He has been a success in every
thing in which he has attempted. He
i has shown good judgment, rare execu
| tive ability, great energy and perse
verance at all times, and he is the peer
of any of his fellow men in all those
good qualities that combine to make a
good citizen and an exemplary public
official. _
The duties of the Sheriff's office are
exacting and require peculiar qualifica
tions to perform them in a manner sat
isfactory to the people. That Mr. Mar
tin possesses all these necessary quali
fications none will gainsay among the
vast number who are personally ac
quainted with the gentleman.
His reception by voters has been one
continuous ovation. It is not merely
because of the fact that he is person
ally a "good fellow," but that his re
cord as a public spirited and enterpris
ing citizen has shown him to be a man
who can be intrusted with the duties
i and responsibilities of any office within
! the gift of the people.
Any one who has been about the city
i the past few weeks and is familiar with
the flattering reception that voters, re
gardless of party, have extended to Mr.
■ Martin during his campaign, must ad
i mit that his election is merely a ques
tion of majority.
He has so many personal friends who
are taking a deep interest in
his candidacy that he finds it hard
work at times to cover ground rapidly,
so intent are those who are anxious for
his election desirous of telling him of
the enthusiasm that his candidacy has
aroused among the people.
Plain, every-day Henry Martin will
be San Francisco's next Sheriff, and
he will prove a model officer, one that
every citizen will be glad to know and
one whose record aH can point to with
pride. All who vote for him will feel
conscious of a public duty conscien
tiously fulfilled, for they can say unan
imously: "I helped make Henry Mar
tin Sheriff, with my vote, and I am
glad of it, for he is the best Sheriff San
Francisco ever had."
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
DEFENSE OF WALTER ROSSER.
Will Contend He Was Drugged When
He Murdered Henry Hildebrand.
Private Waiter Rosser will make a fight
against going to the gallows or peniten
tiary for life for the murder of Henry Hil
debrand, on the contention that he was
drugged on the night of the killing and
was, in consequence irresponsible for the
murder. General Barnes, who will defend
the prisoner, hopes to establish the allega.
tion that Rosser and a friend named Not
grass were drugged in a saloon on tne
Barbary Coast and that the murder was
prompted by a mind maddened from the
effects of some unknown poison.
Depositions of several members of Ros
ser' s company were taken yesterday by
Judge Wallace. As the Tennessee Regi
ment is under orders to proceed tv Manila
and may depart to-day, the depositions
of all who are acquainted with any of tne
facts of the murder were taken, to ue
used in the trial. The witnesses examined
were: Dr. Fitzpatrick, Captain A. C. Gil
lem. Corporal \V. T. Vaughan, Dr. W. R.
Davis, Captain Sheffield Clarke, Corporal
L.. B. Arms and Privates Leonidas Polk
and Charles B. Notgrass. Notgrass testi
fied that he and Rosser were enticed into
a saloon in the tenderloin by a "capper,"
and took a drink with him. As they were
leaving the saloon both became dizzy and
felt griping pains. Notgrass was so ill
that he had to be removed to the camp,
but Rosser remained downtown, and in
the evening was booked at the City Prison
on a charge of murder. All of the wit
nesses agreed in giving the accused a good
character, and the majority believed that
in some manner the murderer and his
friend had been drugged.
The Public Administrator and Freese
When a man has been elected to of
fice by vast majorities and more than
once, too, it is but natural to inquire
into the causes of his popularity. Cap
tain Freese, when he first stood for the
office of Public Administrator, demon
strated that there was at least one
Democrat left in this city, for he was
elected by 5000 majority, while every
other man on that ticket at that time
was defeated!
He is now making an active canvass
to succeed himself, and the general
opinion seems to be that his majori
ties in times past will not be dimin
ished.
Married at the Occidental.
The wedding of George Bitterdin of this
city and Miss Ampara Ynigo of Guaymas,
Mexico, was celebrated in the private
parlors of the Occidental Hotel at high
noon yesterday, Rev. Father Jaime of the
Spanish church officiating.
The bride is the daughter of one of the
wealthiest and most influential citizens
of Guaymas, and is highly accomplished,
having been educated abroad. The groom,
Mr. Bitterdin. who is well known in local
society circles, is a nephew of Mr. Ver
dier, proprietor of the City of Paris.
After a short honeymoon passed in the
southern part of the State, the newly
married couple will take up their resi
dence in this city.
George M. Conde ;s Will.
The will of George M. Conde, who died
on the 23d Inst., was filed for probate yes
terday. An estate valued at $10,000 is be
queathed Edgar B. and Isabelle Conde,
children of the testator. E. A. O'Connor
and M. J. Griffltn are appointed admin
istrators, to serve without bonds.
_, ADVERTISEMENTS. - . ___
CITY OF Jgj|| PARIS I
DRY GOODS COMPANY. go
__ o
CHILDREN'S DEPARTMENT. §
Fall Opening of Stylish Garments ! |
. — o
CHILDREN'S SHORT JACKETS. f
FINE ENGLISH KERSEY, sailor collar, with bars of narrow velvet O
ribbon; embellished on ends with small white pearl buttons and • _ ■ • «>
double breasted with large white pearl buttons for fastenings. <TD Cf) O
Colors gobelin, sage and navy; sizes 4 to S years; prices from.... 4>UiUU «>
FRENCH BOUCLE SHORT JACKETS, braided fancy black collar . ' 't
and cuffs in colors, navy, gobelin and golden brown, in sizes 4 (TO CO "
to 6; prices ranging upward from... : v " 4>UitlU v
CHILDREN'S LONG COATS IN CLOTH AND BOUCLE' fr0m..........i $3.00 g
CHILDREN'S CLOTH CAPES, PLAID SILK LINING, upward -• . '- : §
from .50.50 o
. ■ : - ."■..:-■.- <$>
MISSES' GARMENTS. °
MISSES' SCOTCH GOLF CAPES, in brown, blue and tan, with re- <£Q Cfi 9
versible plaid backs, hoods and revere, all sizes, fr0m........ >4>OiUU 5
MISSES' ENGLISH KERSEY JACKETS, high class, half -fitting .'.' (fin 'en £
fronts and half-lined with silk, in golden brown, tan and blue vDl^iuU ( j>
: ;;.;.>
MISSES' TAILOR SUITS TO ORDER. %
(Bee Window on Geary Street.) NEW WRAPPERS AND TEA GOWKS ARRIVING DAILY. <§>
1 <§►
MAIL AND EXPRESS ORDERS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. C O
•
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, %
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton •' Streets, S. : F. ; o
UNION SQUARE. '■'■, %
■ -lA^'-'-i ■ ■ - ■■■■■ w-:i^?.--. - .. ■ . • . . ■<»
STANDARD MIXED
PAINT!
AT MANUFACTURERS- PRICE. .-. ;;.
rrprc p^
6 & Gallon
Reduced from $1 25 per gallon.
Color Card Sent Free.
Money Back If You Do Not Like It.
BUSWELLPAINT co.,
302 Market St., Cor. Front, S.F.
14 and 16
Kearny Street,
Formerly 427 Kearny Street.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
«APr» Full Set of Teeth
VtV« *ff / ff £^v extracting free fsooap
V^yKL^^v&r''' Gold Crowns 22k $3 50 up
«§•— fTT Fillings - - - 25 cts. up
t^w»'-i* '«r—^_ C. Open Evenings &Sunday»
VAN VROOM
V*J»ffm\ Electro Dental Parlors
4» ir > Sixth and Market
~ Dr. Q W. Kleiser, Prop. j
EALLHOAD TRAVEL. .
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN R¥. CO.
LESSEE
UN FBARCISGO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY,
Itbtsrsa Vmm, Fo«* at Mork*t St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL..
WEEK DAYS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
*:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:39 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:64
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. 1:30. 1:10.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 0:33 p. m,
SUNDAYS— B:IO. »:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. ■
■ October 16,
Week Sun- 1893. Sun- j Week
Days. days. - Destination. days. Days.
7:3oam 8:00 am ■ Novato, 10:40 am B:4oam
8:30 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pnvlO:;s am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton, .' ; '•*. r
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton, •
Geyserville,
t:Sopm 8:00 am Cloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:22pm
. Hopland and
7:30 am 8:00 am ' Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
7:30 am • -' 10:25 am
8:00 am erne v ill 7:35 pm
1:30 pm -v. -- ■ ' 6:22ptn
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma ■ 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:lo pm 6:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
B:3opm 6:oopm • • 7:35 pm! 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
eervllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, - Kelseyvtlle, Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper ' Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buckneli's,
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Booneville, Orr*s
Hot • Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal, Willltts, Laytonville, Cum-
mlng"B. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka. .
Saturday to . Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. ." • ' •
1 On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at. half rates. *s
Ticket Offices,' 650 Market st.,- Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING. ■•■•••■.." R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Oct. 10. isas. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. - ' | North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. iPas3eo-
ger. Sunday ' ' Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd - Stations. . Exc'ptd Dally.
» :20 am 9:25 am ; Stockton ' 3 :45 pm 7:00 pm
11:10 am 12:50pm ; -Merced • : 12:50pm s:l3pm
12 40 pm I 4:15 pm v Fresno 'v' 9:30 am 3:45 pm
I:3Bpm 6:45 ■ Hanford ■>.-. 7:45 am 2:4opm
4:25 11:59 pm Bakersfleld 2:30 am 12:10 pm
l:sSpm| 7:sopm_. Visalla 6:4oam 2:20 prn
" Stopping at intermediate points as required. :
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement ■ Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco at 6 p. in. dally,
excepting Sunday, aud Stockton at 7:15 p. m.
For stage connections see official time tab!*
or Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 311 Mar-
ket street. San Francisco. ; ■ ' . ' , • '-; ' - ;■■■ '•.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY. :
(Via aaubalitu i-'erry.)
Leave San Francisco,' commencing Sunday.
Sept. 11, 1898: - - • - •
■Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m. ••-■ ,
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Milt Valley. 11, - -••■. ■=• . (
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, ; 621 ■ Market
street, San Francisco.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
■OVTHEBH PACIFIC COHPAIT.
(PACIFIC avhTiiir.) ' : ,•
' TTruln* leave miitl nr« tint to nrrlre mI
MAN riiA :*<•!*<:«>.
si (Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
wave — Fkom Oct. 9, 1833. ■:-.. —. . aruivh
•O:OOa. Niles. San Jose »nd Way Station!... ' *8«404,
~x(»Oa Benicia, Suiiun and Sacraiueuto 10>4Sa
TioOa. M&rysTille, OroriUe and Redding <i* '
Woodland .....'.."... ......v^.,..;. 0»40»
7:00 a Elmjra, Vacaviilc and Ramsey 8:40»
7:3" a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
CalUtoga and Santa Rosa ■ ■ 6ilor
8:00* Atlantic EiproM, Ogden and Kant.. ' Bi43p
StSOASau Juse, Hlocktoti, Valley Spring;
■ lone, Sacraiueuto, • MaryßTillo, • '
• r V'~v Chlco. Tehama and Red lilnff.... «iI»P
8:3O4 Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown.. 7ilSr
•8:30 a Milton »7IIBP
»:««a Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Meroed
and Freeno. i... ....... l»:I8p
OiOOa Fresno, Bakersfletcl. Santa Unrliara, .
Los Angeles, Deming, El Paso,
New OrleaDß and East •»«»
........ Fresno, HendoU, Tracy and Mar- ,
ttnez .................{... 6i4Br
10:OOa Vallrjo Martinez and Way Stations ..- 7i4Jii'
•liOOp aacramanto Hirer Steamers. ......^.•«»O'»P
1:OOpM1«s. San Jose and Way Station* .„ 11:43 a
San Jose, Niles an.l Wav Stations... l»il»A
2:O«p Kites, Tracy, Mnndota, Ilanfozd and
Visalia.... 4tlsp
I-iTermore, San Jobs, Niles and Way
Stations! ......; J10»15a
4ioop Martinez, Sail Ramon, Vallejo. -
Nnp», Callstoga, Xl Verauo and '
Santa .....:... ....... •« » A
OOP Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MarysTille, Oro-
Tllle and Sacramento .' ' 10:4.1 a
4:SOr Haywtrds, Niles and San J05e. ....'. 7j45a
S:OOp Martin**, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno, . :
MoJaYe, Santa Barbara and Los -_ i
,*-f • l Angeie. ' t .\::::;,-. ....... ..... 8:43*
B:OOp Santa Vu Route, Atlantic lSzpreas
forMojare ami Kiwt.;-.7.-.V...'..'r.;? 6«43p
st3Op Niles,, Sau-JoKe, Tracy. Lathrop,
■ Merced and Fre5n0........ •• ........
s>3op Stockton ISiIS»
•«•»!• l':ur.>i>euii Mail, Ogdeii and Kant.... »:45a
*G:OOr Vallejo .;.......... 13:15*
:?:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta- '
ti0n5.......... J»«4(»»
SiOOp Oregon ICiprpM, Hacrnmento. Marys-
Tine. Re.l«lliiK. Portland, Pnget
i Soiimlaiul i:»gt ■■ gil»4
SAN LrJAM>U(» AMI> H*TWAKI»S LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) <
"1 Jlelroup, Sciniimrj Turk, ?
8:O Oa KUchbiinr, Elmhurnt, ..S!|,t
<9iooa Sail Lewiilrn. Noiilh i-iii^t
io.ooa Lesutlro. K«tii.)illo, i"-i 5?
: «ii.ooa . J.orenio, Cherry : - ,1 Is,
jia:OOM and . , i J 8t j:,*
- 1 1! P Hay wards. t3:«3p
..OOP { Rang through to Niles. 7«48»
j t From Niles. \
COAST IHVISIOJS (Narrow (innge). *"
(Foot of Market Street.)
Bsl3ANewark,CeuterTille,9anJose.Fe!ton, <
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way ' :
Stations 0:30»
*9ilsp Newark, CeuterTllle, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek, ' '
'.Santa Cruz and Principal Way •
Stations •H>i3»%
4:15p Newark, San Jose and Los Gatos..'. 8:20 v
f11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and-
■ Way BUtions .................■' t*:2o>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS FS4KCISCO— foot or Market Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 ; 11:00 a.ii. U:CO '■' *3:00 X3:C3
M:O3 ' t5:00 •6:00 p.m. - .-.ii ■ ■'"-■ -' -
from 01F.UXD— Foot of Broalwej.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a. ¥.
tl8:C0 «l:00 t2:00 •3:00 H:CO *5:00r.»i.
~~. AM DIVISION' (Broad Gauge). '
(Third and Townsend Stg.)
7:00* Kan .lose and Wajr Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) l:3Or
' •iOOa Han .lose, Tres T'inus, HaiiU Criis,
Pacllic (Jrore, Paso HoMes, San
Luis Obtspn, Guadalupe, Surf aud
Principal . Way Stations ....;..... 4ilO|
ltt:4OA San .line mid Way .Stations •S-.uOa
I1:3Oa Sau Jose ami Way Stations ....... 8:334
•Jli4sp San -Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, «au .'<»«, .;•
:^;. J v. L . . Oilroy, . Hnllister, Santa C uz, ,
■ . Salinas, Monterey aud Pa<_ lie
?- • '. CroTe.... .'.....-,. .•...•IO:38»
•:iiao p San Jose and W» 7 Stations :*....... : t>:<»o »
•lilSpSan Joseaml Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•3:OOpSanJose and Principal Way Stations . 0:33»'
3::iOr Sau Jose aud Principal Way Stations * 3:30p
6::t«i> San Joss ami Way Stations. .•...'....' ' 7:3»t '
|11:45p San Jose and Way Stations ......... 7:»0p
A for Morning. . ■ P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. I Sundays only. ♦ Saturdays only
_ - * • : * . . ■ '
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED be re-
sumed for. the fourth , season^ on November 7,
running three times a "week/ Magaiflcent ves-
tibuled train, with DINING and /OBSERVA-
TION CARS. Connecting train* from San
Francisco 1 Sundays, Tuesdays and Friday*.';* ,• y
Every Day PuHi.ian, Palace Sleeping Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars, ,
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason-
able Rotes. -.ss&«//
YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE '
; ;>* 1? You Travel on the Santa P«,
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFiCE— 629 MARKET ST,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1520. • i
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway. , >iy;
Saorameiito Office— 2ol J Street.
, San Jose Office— 7/ West. Santa Clara St
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
■Vr- Via Satuollto Perry. ' '• i "
FROM SAN FHA_NCxacO TO MILL VAUEt
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK . DAYS— •7:2O, »9:30, 11:00 a. m.; «1:44, .
1:45, 6:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m. , • \.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San ~- Rafael on Monday.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. •
SUNDAYS— *i:m. 'lO:*, *ll:S0 a. m.; *1:13.
1:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m. • • - • ?- . . ii
- Trains marked • run to San. Quentlit. •-
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
DAYS— 6:2S, »6:35. . 7:45. »9:30 a. m.}
•12:20, 2:20, '3:45, 5:05 p. m. , -■'■•-_ •. [.--.'. •->-'..-;
* EXTRA TRIPS :on - Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. _ : ■ i'" '. ' -:
SUNDAYS— 6:2O, 'SiOO, . •1/3:00. •..•11:55 a. m.|
•1:15. »3:10, 4:40, »6:20 p. m. ' "- :••--»•- - •; '
■ Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN- FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45. 7:55. »:40 - a.m. ;
12:35, 2:45.. 3:50, 5:20 p. m. " * >^'l- . '■"■
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
**£ X^. «:«,
6:00 6:20 p. through'tra^ns^-s ; X- ..
T-20 a. m.week Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills ; and way ;>
. stations. "- r .*V"■ * " "*^ : * ■ "-- - -
|:00 a- m. Sundays— Mills" and way sta's.
1112
fAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of tha San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery strvet,
comer Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS7 Hayes st; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
KM Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
street?: open until 9 o'clock.
CHL'RCH NOTICES.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
block. 223 Sutter St.. bet. Kearny and Grant
aye.— Christian Science Bible lessons. 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. m. Subject, morning, "Adam and
Fallen Man"; evening, "The Prophecy of
Isaiah Fulfilled in the Coming of Christ
Jesus." Sunday school for children, 11 a. m.
Testimonial meeting Wednesday evening at 8
o'clock. All are welcome.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts —
Rev. John Stephens, pastor; residence, 309
Haight St. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p.
m. Rev. A. C. Bane, the distinguished evan-
gelist, will preach at both services. Evening
service especially for business men; topic.
"Morality vs. Christianity." Sunday-school
at 12:30 p. m., C. B. Perkins, superintendent.
Epworth League meeting at 6:30 p. _m.
Prayer meeting Wednesday evening at < :4o
p. m. The public cordially invited to all the
services of this, church. Seats free. Lshers
in attendance.
CENTRAIi Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis-
sion at., between Sixth and Seventh— Dr.
Charles Edward Locke, pastor, will preach.
Subject at 11 a, m.. "Satisfied." At 7:30 p. m..
"Is the World Getting Better? Danger Sig-
nals No. 1." Sunday school, 1 P- m.. Mr.
r V Watt, superintendent. Christian En-
deavor. 6:15 p. m. Seats free. All lnylted.
This is a people's church. Music led by
chorus choir. J. J. Morris, choirmaster;
James Hamilton Howe, organist.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post
ard Mason sts.— Rev. George C. Adams, D.D..
pastor, has returned from his vacation and
will preach morning and evening. Morning
service, 11 o'clock. Theme, "Some Impref-
Slonfl Received at the Meeting of the Amer-
ican Board at Grand Rapids, Mich." Even-
Ing service, 7:30 o'clock. A song service of
welcome to the pastor. Special music by the
choir assisted by the Masonic Quartet. Dr.
Adams will speak on "God's Method of
Purifying a Nation." Sunday school and
Bible classes at 12:45 p. rri. Y. P. S. C. E.
at 6:30 p. m. Samuel D. Mayer, organist and
choirmaster.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Poet Bt..
near Webster— Services t' -day at 11 a. m. and
7:80 p. in. Sunday-school at y:3O a. m. Rev.
F. B. Clwrington. D.D., pastor, will preach
morning and evening; morning (subject.
"Heavenly Treasure in Earthem Vessels";
evening subject. "Open Doors in the Philip-
pine?" The public are cordially Invited.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner Van Nesß
aye. and Sacramento st.— Rev. Robert Mac-
kenzie. V.V.. pastor: Rev. Edwin H. Jenks,
■■-pastor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at 11
c. m. Mr. Jenks will preach at 7:30 p. m.
Sun. lay-school at 12:45 p. m. Y. P. S. C. E.
at 6:15 p. m. All are welcome.
THEOSOPHICAL Society — Public lectures
every Sunday evening at 8 o'clock In Fra-
ternal Hall. Odd Fellows' building. Com-
mencing to-night a series of 3 lectures will
be given by Will C. Bailey; subject. "Wave
Spirals and Vibrations." Good music. Every-
body welcome. To-day at 2:30 p. m., Ljtua
circle for children.
UNIVERSAL BROTHERHOOD Lodge No. 7.
(Theosophical Society in America.)
. (International Brotherhood League.)
819 Market st. Lecture to-night. "Trifles,"
Miss Anne Bryce; Tuesday night. ' 'States
After Death"; Saturday night, "Crime and
funlshment."
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
SOCIETY Progressive Spiritualists, Occidental
Hall, corner Larkin and McAllister Bts.— Sun-
day. October 30, at 7:30 p. m. Speaker, Mrs.
R. S. Lillie; subject, "Ask and Ye Shall Re-
ceive. Seek and Ye Shall Find, Knock and
the Door Shall Be Opened Unto You." Ad-
mission 10c.
TRUTH-SEEKERS' anti-fraud spiritualists'
meeting to-day, Scottish Hall, 105 Larkin St..
at 2p. m. Mrs. Schleslngrer will demonstrate
Fred Evans" method -of obtaining spirit pic-
tures on slates. Prominent speakers. Ad-
msislon 10c.
PROF. FRED BELL'S subject for to-morrow
night' | lecture and full particulars of his
work will be found In another column, under
the head of "Theosophical Meetings."
SUNDAY Platform Association— J. L.
York speaks at Scottish Hall. Larkin St., this
evening at 8 sharp on "Common Sense." Ad-
mission free. ;
AT Dr. Rines' spiritual society, 909 Market St.;
11, free; 2-8, 10c: Mrs. Gillingham. Barclay,
Viger<=, Mr. Hanson; .Wednesday, 335 McAllis-
ter st., 9 p. m.
KATIE KKI'SSMANNS inspirational test
. meeting to-night. 10c; sittings daily. 641 Jes-
sie Bt., off Seventh.
IRENE SMITH teacher and reader In palmis-
try; lecture Tuesday evening. 1261 Jefferson
st., Oakland. j
MRS. SEAL, spiritualist and business medium;
circles Wed., 2 p. ra. ; Thurs., S p. m. 280 Va-
lencia st.
EXTRAORDINARY test circle to-night by
LEANDER, 313 Eddy St.; every one gets a
test; 25c.
ATTEND Mrs. Eberhardfs tests. 8 p. m.. Ex-
celsior Hall. Mission St., bet. 19th & 20th; 10c.
MME. YOUNG'S . convinclne test circle to-
night. 10c. 605 McAllister St.; come, skeptics.
TEST meeting 8 p.-m.: 10c; 315 McAllister St.;
R. A. Stitt. Nlta. Bird, Hargrave, others.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing, etherealizlng
seance, 8 p. m.; 50c. 409 Leavenworth st.
TEST meeting to-night, 997 Market st. ; Mrs.
Robinson, Mrs. Drew and others; free.
MRS. EGGERT AITKEN medium. 120 McAl-
lister st., flat 1: sittings daily. ■: .
MRS. LOGAN'S. 11 a. "m.. 305 Larkin St.; nor-
mal trance speaking and tests.
OAKLAND— Mrs. Lillie speaks at Odd Fellows'
Hall at 11 a. m.
EDWARD EARLE, independent slate writer.
330 Ellis st.
TIIEOS -PHICAL MKjKTIJSGs.
PROFESSOR FRED BELL.
The Prince of Orators,
Will deliver "another of his famous new lec-
tures, entitled.
"EASTERN ADEPTS AND WESTERN
MEDIUMS COMPARED,"
AT THE METROPOLITAN TEMPLE,
THIS, SUNDAY. EVENING. OCTOBER 30.
Mr. Bell sings better and grander than
ever and intersperses each lecture with sev-
eral solos.— Broklyn Eagle, New York.
All honest Investigators are earnestly In-
vited to this lecture; doors open at 7:15: lec-
ture commences at 8 o'clock; 10c collection.
Professor Joseph Roeckel will preside at
the organ and piano.
N. B.— Professor Bell Is acknowledged to be
the most successful teacher of
OCCULTISM
Of the present 4ay, and will prove to all who
call upon him that the key to true spiritual
unfoldment and material success is found in
the knowledge of practical occultism.
Mr. Bell has also made for years a special
study of
THE HAND.
And is fully qualified to scientifically de-
lineate and explain every line and mount in
h manner helpful to your best interests relat-
ing to your business and domestic life.
PHRENOLOGICAL EXAMINATIONS DAILY.
HOROSCOPES SCIENTIFICALLY WRITTEN.
Lessons in practical occultism and the above
sciences taught in manuscript form only.
Callers received daily except Sundays at his
parlors. 4 and 5. Golden West Hotel,
ELLIS ST., NEAR POWELL.
Hours— lo a. m. to 8 p. m.
Consultation Free. Cut this out, as it ap-
pears only on Sundays.
MEETING NOTICES. .
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O. ■■*t%'fr~
O. F.— Past Grand DR. GEORGE |g^356l
W. DAYWALT. U. S. A., will S0&??
lecture on his recent experience In .'*••*
Manila MONDAY EVENING, October 31.
Visiting members cordially invited. By order,
NOBLE GRAND.
THE California Debris Commisulon having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from the Excelsior Mining Company
In the Exoelslor mine, at Lowell Kill, Ne-
vada County, to deposit tailings In the North
Fork of Steep Hollow; from Toy Kee, In the
Fair Play mine, near Scales. Sierra County
to deposit tailings in Fair Play ravine; from
S. F. Bullard and A. M. Gray. In th* Gravel
Hill or McCutchean placer mine, near Ne-
vada City, Nevada County, to deposit tail-
ings In Little Deer Creek; and from Elmore
Rutherford, in the Plumas Bonanaa gravel
mine, near Buck's Ranch. Plumas County to
deposit tailings in Sherman ravine, gives 'no-
tice that a meeting will be held at room 59,
Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on No-
vember 7. 1898. at 1:30 p. m.
MACCABEKS. Pan Francisco Hive No. 8. meets
FRIDAY EVENINGS. Stanford Hall, Alcazar
building.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds and sealskins; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, lo Grant ay«
SPECIAL NOTICES.
FIRST-CLASS oak gralners to bid on graining
2 fiats on Mississippi St.. between Nineteenth
and Twentieth; Mend bids to painter, 1941
Mlsclon et.
BAD tenants ejected for S4; collection* made:
city or country- PACIFIC COLL3CTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery Bt., room 6; tel. 6650.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, (1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d st.
DR. MACL.ENNAN cures where medical art
toils or no fee; free diagnosis. 1M Half at tt
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 86 of the Oceanic Steamship
Company (fifty cents ir share) will be pay-
able at the office of the company, 327 Mar-
ket st., on and after Tuesday. November 1.
IS9B Transfer books will close on Y\ ednes-
day October 26. I*9B. at 3 o'clock p. m.
y ' w »" ' e.H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
LADIES— "We hare now on hand good cookß
and houseglrls and will give your orders
prompt and careful attention. Phone Grant
ISS to C. R. HANSK>^^C^a._^o4_Geary_st 1 _
NOW on hand a number of firet-class wait-
resses and chambermaids for city and coun-
try nlaces- orders promptly filled. Phune
Grant 185 to C. R. HAN SEN & CO., 104 Geary.
SITUATION wanted by a young German girl;
chamber work In hotel or boarding house.
MRS. LAMBERT, 417 Powell St.
SITUATION wanted by a young Swedish girl
for upstairs and laundry work. MRS. LAM-
BERT. 417 Powell Bt.
GERMAN Birl. very good cook and laundress,
wishe« situation cooking or housework; refer-
ences. MRS. HIRD, 631 Larkin st. Telephone
Sutter 52. v
COMPETENT woman as first-class invalid or
infant's nurse; good cook; can be well rec-
ommended. Box 1661, Call office.
WANTED— A situation as chambermaid ho-
tel; best references. Call 266 Fifth Bt., near
Clementina.
T9UNG girl would like to do cooking and
housework In a small family. Please call 22a
Natoma ft., near Third.
AX honest G«rnian woman wishes work of any
kind; house or office cleaning, washing, etv;
stays at her own home. Address MRS. F.
8., 30 Rltch st.
COMPETENT Protestant woman wishes cook-
ing and housework In American family. Call
£81 Geary st. .
GERMAN girl for housework or upstairs. Ap-
l>!y 7L'iJ>a Union St.
RESPECTABLE young woman to take in gen-
tlemen's washing; all mending done free. Bo^.
K26. Call office.
POSITION as forewoman In dressmaking es-
tablishment; expert fitter and manager. Box
1027, Cali office.
WANTED— By middle-aged American woman
from the East, a situation; is a good cook;
general housework of working housekeeper.
Call or address MISS A. WORDIN, 612 Post.
CURTAINS washed to look like new at 2048
Valencia it MRS. .T. J. WALTERS.
RESPECTABLE French girl, speaking good
French, good sewer, wishes a position in good
family. Address 511 Hyde st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker; perfect fitter;
goes out at $1 50 ocr day. Call or address
MRS. M. FLOUR, 661 Minna st. ■
WANTED— situation by an experienced
cloak saleslady. Box 1009, Call.
WANTED— A position by an Al glove fitter.
Box 1010. Call.
SITUATION wanted- by a competent woman
to do light housework or children's nurse; no
objection to country. Call 1095 Howard st.
YOUNG lady of refinement wishes a position
us housekeeper, attend Invalid, doctor or
dentist office; best of ref. Box 1012. Call.
WIDOW, aged 40 years, desires occupation!
1 speaks 3 language's; 20 years' exnerlence In
various businesses; references. Address MRS.
D. 8., box 896. Call office.
WANTED— Washing, Ironing by the day; first-
class laund?«ss. Address 120 A Eddy st.. rm. 5.
COMPETENT laundress and housecleaner, with
best references, wants work by the day;
terms Jl. Box 1060, Call office. ,
WANTED— Situation; first-class cook: hotel or
lunch house; city references. 644 Filbert st.
NEAT, reliable American widow, elderly, de-
sires position as housekeeper; good cook and
laundress; likes children; wages from $10 to
$12 per month. 268 Stevenson st., room 7.
SITUATION wanted by a German lady; first-
class laundress. MRS. ROHLENG. 13." A 6th.
DRESSMAKER, good cutter and fitter, would
like a few more engagements, $1 and car-
f«— i 5C2 Stevenson St., cor. Sixth.
IRISH girl wishes situation to do housework.
MISS LYNCH, 109 Fifth St.
HOUSEKEEPER— By a. widow from the East
In a small family of refinement: references.
Call or address Housekeeper, BC6 Twenty-fifth
St., East Oakland.
NEAT young Danish widow wishes position In
San Jose as seamstress or waitress or cham-
bermaid in hotel. Address J., box 7, Call
office, Oakland.
WANTED— Situation by a widow as house-
keeper. Call at 516 Eighth st., Oakland.
SWEDISH woman wants washing and Ironing
by the day;. $1 60. Address 3255 Twenty-
second St.. near Valencia.
SEAMSTRESS will take work home or go In
' families, 75c a day. 2748 Harrison, near 24th.
WANTED — By a middle-aged German w.iman
to assist In light housework for an old cou-
ple; country: g od home. 417 Powell st.
WANTED— By Swedish girl, place to do cook-
ing and housework; good worker. Cali or
address 425 Vi Grove St.
WANTED— Copying to do by a good penman;
also good seamstress; by the day, 11 and <1 in-
ner: no objection to country. J. WILLIAMS,
733 Pine st.
$100, fO to loan, diamonds, silverware; lowrates;
private entrance. Uncie Harris. 15 Grant aye.
GERMAN woman wishes a few steady places,
washing; good references. Address 337 Hayes.
WANTED— By a young lady, position as junior
teacher of elocution and voice building in
dramatic school. Address box 1326, Call.
CAPABLE woman wishes any kind of work
by the day; will take work home; laundress.
316 Lombard st., near Powell.
YOUNG girl desires a situation to do light
housework; south of Market st. Apply at HVj
Clara st.
GOOD cook wants a situation in a boarding
house or institution; best of references. Ap-
ply 111314 Howard st.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation in a
private family; cooking or general house-
work. 38 Dame st.
PLACE as housekeeper for party of gentlemen
or chambermaid hotel. Address box 1341. ("all.
MIDDLE-AGED French widow would like a
position as housekeeper or as good French
cook; excellent city references. Box 1333, Call.
AT the German Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT. 417 Powell st. ; tel. Main 5332;
help of all nationalities.
SITUATIO.\S WAMEU-JiAtE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. iUy, O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
POSITION wanted to care for an invalid- am
a strong magnetic healer; will asoist in
other duties if required; terms moderate.
Address A. D. SHEPARD, in care of George
Buchard, 777 Market st.. San Francisco.
YOUNG man. 22 years old, would like position
In private family as hostler or gardener;
will do general chores; wages reasonable
Address box 1029, Call office.
GARDENER of long experience wants situa-
tion; thoroughly understands greenhouse,
rosehouse. flower garden, pruning, 'budding,
propagating, fruit and vegetables; refer-
ences. Address box 1067, Call office
GOOD, handy man in machine shop; will work
part time at any work for a chance to prac-
tice on lathe; no salary. Box 899, Call office.
YOUNG man, good hand with horses and
handy with tools, wants work of any kind
Address box MO, Call office.
MANUFACTURER .of lace goods, ruffllngs,
aprons, etc., desires position as superinten-
dent or foreman in factory; 20 years' ex-
perience; or any other position where his
knowledge of luces and management of
hands would render hisj services desirable
Address F. G. H., box 1318. Call office.
DRIVER— Young man wishes position; knows
city well; has been a solicitor; city refer-
ences. Box 1019, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by an earnest German,
middle-aged, in a flrst-clRB» business house
in city. Address box 1069, Call office.
PRACTICAL bookkeeper; young man em-
ployed until 4 would like to keep book* at
night for small house. Address J. H. D.,
1525 California st.
WANTED— Situation as bookkeeper or cashier
by young man with first-class references. Box
KXS4, Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation, understands
horses, cows and garden; reference. J. A.
MACDONALD, 214 Third st.
BOOKKEEPER. 31 years old, wurfts situation;
willing to be generally useful; salary $40 per
month. Address box 1024. Cail office.
VERY reliable Scandinavian wishes work of
any kind; is handy with tools; also a good
bed maker. Address LOUIS OLSEN, 631 Sac-
ramento st.
YOUNG man wants to work about a place or
drive team of any kind. Address box 1059.
Call office.
BARTENDER, experienced man, desires em-
ployment; flrst-clas references. Address box
1020, Call office.
COLLECTOR, clerk or sal«"Rman. young man
d"Flres employment; security and references
given. Addrese box 1020 Call office.
YOUNG man who understands the oyster busl-
nesß thoroughly, wants capital to open res-
taurant for half; references. Box 1022. Call.
YOUNG man between 17 and 18 with tome ex-
perience in wine and liquor business, rleslrrs
a position in eaoie line. Address box 1072,
THE SA3T FBANCISCO CALL, STTNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1898.
WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— By a competent bookkeeper and all
round office man, of good address, whose ref-
erences and letters are excellent In every
way, a position of trust as manager or head
bookkeeper, where faithful service would be
appreciated. Address E. 8. LISHMAN, 1122
Chestnut St., Oakland. _
TOUNQ Englishman of good character and
ability and with $100 to invest desires situa-
tion or partnership in small business where
hard work would gain a comfortable living.
Address by letter only D. L. 8., room 22,
Alpha House, 6 Market St., S. F.
fIOO.OOO to loan on safes, buggies, oil paintings:
strictest privacy. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
POSITION of any kind wanted by an indus-
trious, reliable, honest business man with
best of references, speaking English and Ger-
man; no objection to go out of town. Box
1323, Call office.
EXPERIENCED pork butcher and sausage-
maker wants situation. Address G. G., box
1327, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position with good homei
city or country; references; no trifling. Ad-
dress box 1"46, Call office.
WANTED— Any position In small hotel or lodg-
ing-house for board and lodging; highest ref-
erences. Address box 1322. Call office.
STEADY, sober, handy man wants work about
a private place as gardener; city or country;
best of references. Box 1320, Call office.
BY German gardener, generally useful; under-
stands care of horses; can milk. P. M., «74
East Sixteenth St., East Oakland.
GERMAN wishes a situation In business or
private place as watchman; has best refer-
ences. C. H., 127 Turk Ft.
JAPANESE- honest boy wants situation as
Rood cook and housework; $5 a week up; has
good reference. G. S. NAGATA. 4S« Jessie.
UNDERTAKER and upholsterer wants work;
ran do anything in the furniture line and Is
a first-class undertaker; IS years' experience)
references. W. <\, S2S Mission st.
JAPANESE honest boy wants a position as
school boy; city or country. OKI. care H.
IDE & CO.. '-I'M Sixth St., city.
WINCHESTER House. 4i Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 2«0 rooms; 2£c to $1 50 night; $1 SO to $«
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
« WAITRESSES, city and country, $20; 4 res-
taurant waitresses, city and country, $5 and
$C; 4 chambermaids to wait, city and coun-
try, $:>; cook, few boarder?. German pre-
ferred, $25; 2 chambermaids, $15. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt.
COOK, house girl, nurse girls and second girls
of all natlonalties for city and country places;
wages $12 to $SU. C. K. HANSEN & CO., IH4
Geary *t.
MOTHER and daughter to cook and wait on
fey.- boarders, $30 to }3:>i call early. C. R.
' • XPK.N & CO., 104 Geary st.
NURSERY governess, English branches, Ger-
man and music, to travel to Europe and back.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 194 Geary st.
PROTESTANT second girl, neat place, $20, call
early Monday; Infanta nHrse, 125; first-class
cook, small American family, f 35 ; girl, gen-
eral housework, Alatneda, $2S; and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 816 gutter at.
WANTED— Neat young girl to do general
housev.-ork. 2128 Bush st.
WANTED— A reliable German or Hungarian
girl for general housework and cooking; fam-
ily of 2. Call 1333 Golden Gaie aye., 10 to 12.
YOUNG girl for housework; sleep home; |15.
410 Scott st.
NEAT young girl to assist In housework; sleep
at In. me. 2016 Baker st.
WOMAN to keep house for 3 children; no wash-
ing; wages small. 659 Willow aye.
rOUNG girl tor l!({ht housework for 2; no
washing; sle< ji home. Address box 1065, Call.
EXPERIENCED finisher on tailor-made suits.
107 Hayes Pt.
LADIES earn $8 per week working at home;
no canvaselng; Inclose self-addressed stamped
envelope. STANDARD NO\ ELTT CO., 101
Berk r;i mi Ft., New York City.
YOUNG girl 'or light housework; small family)
$10. Call 3129 Guerrero st.
YOUNG girl, orphan preferred, can hare per-
manent home In small family. Box Mil, Call.
WANTED— A neat, reliable girl to assist with
housework and care of child; $10. 3645 Sac-
ramento st. «
TOUNG girl to assist In housework; call fore-
noon. 26i,J California st.
WANTED — Experienced operators on white and
flannel Milrta can find employment at Stand-
ard Shirt Factory, Gough and Grove Bts.
Y<TNG girl to tak° care of baby and do light
housework. 771 Eddy fit.
OPERATORS on wrappers, wp.lsts and gowns.
NEWBAUER BROS., 18 First Ft.
GIRL wanted on fine coats. 6 Eddy St., room
»2.
SKIRT makers and bonaz operators wanted.
K RAKER, 226 Bush St.
EXPERIENCED hands on ladles' waists to
work on power; mi dressmakers. 009 A Turk.
LADY stenographer for light office work;
monthly salary, $10. Box I<i2l, Call office.
LADIES— New article; fast seller; big profits.
Call or address 1206 Mission st.
WANTED — Intelligent business woman as
partner in first-class honorable lucrative busi-
ness. Address Partner, box l&S, Oakland.
MANGLE girls and marchers. Bun Laundry,
Nineteenth st. and Telegraph aye.. Oakland.
AN Improver wanted for dressmaking. 102S
Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher. Call between 9
and 12 Sunday, 461' i Minna st.
WANTED— Women and plrls to work on fruit;
also 2 stout boys. 370 San Jose aye.
WANTED— An Austrian gir! or woman for
cooking and downstairs work; wages $25. Ap-
ply 3600 Washington st., forenoon or evening.
GOOD finisher on coats; wages $10. 251 Eighth
6t., Oakland. Cal.
SWEDISH or German girl, general housework,
small family; $20. 1015 Shotwell st.
WANTED— Young apprentice, neat sewer on
tailoring. Room 41, 123 San Pablo avenue,
Oakland.
TWO waitresses wanted. Inquire 1218 Polk St.;
bakery.
SCANDINAVIAN girl for general housework;
wages ?l.j. 450 Bryant st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on cloaks; no others
need apply. Ratner Cloak Co.. 933 Market st.
NEAT girl or woman for light housework;
small family. 716 Franklin st.
LADIES! Now is the time to learn dressmak-
ing and millinery; we teach the world-re-
nowned McDowell system of dress cutting,
late improvement: every branch of dressmak-
ing thoroughly taught; easy payments; un-
limited lessons; all are invited to visit our
school. The McDowell Dressmaking and Mil-
linery School, 103 Post St.
WANTED— A girl to assist in housework. 1520
Eddy st.
GIRL for general housework; must be good
cook; references required; wages $25. 3232
Jackson St.
GIRL to do housework. 1220 Filbert st.
SEAM binder on jackets. DAVIDSON & MIL-
LER, 731 Market st.
AT the Employment Office, MRS. LAMBERT,
417 Powell et. ; help of all nationalities to fill
various positions.
$109,000 to loan; low inter«rt; private en.; gen-
tlemanly attention. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
WANTED — Operators on flannel overshlrts; a
few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36V4 Fremont st.
PHYSICIAN requires a young lady medical
graduate (Protestant) for a sanitarium. Peld-
mont, box 524. Call office.
WANTED— Experienced fur machine operators.
Apply H. LIEBES & CO.. 137 Post St.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns, 25c up. McDowell's, 102 Post.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'B; good positions;
Iratt'-Tns. 10c up. lIS McAllister st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S office, 104 Geary.
Oftlce open Monday, 7 a. m.
Teamsters anil laborers, mountain railroad.
Teamsters, 2-horse, new work. $20 and board.
10 quarrymen, steady work, $2 a day.
5 laborers for a quarrj\ $1 75 a day.
5 4-horse teamsters, 8 2-horse teamsters, for
a new railroad in Tuolomne County, two-
thirds fare fiee.
2 ranch teamsters, $25 and board; same
ranch.
2 tunnelmen, $2 25 to $2 75 a day.
2 bench hands, piece work, planing mill.
18 woodchoppers for Sonoma and Sacramento
counties, 75c to $1 50 a cord; 3 men to clrar
land, $25 an acre.
Buttermaker and milker, milker $25 and
found. C. R. HANSEN * CO., 104 Geary st
$16 TO SKAGUAY $16.
Wanted — 500 laborers and rockmen for the
new Alaska railroad; work all winter.
Ship Wednesday Fare $16.
Apply to C. R. HANBEN.4 CO.. 104 Geary st
BROILER, $50; short-order cook, $10 a week;
cooks, $S, $9 and $10 a week; oysterman, %Z
a week and board; butcher who can kill, for
a large country boarding-house, $40 and
found; waiter, country hotel, $20: city hotel,
$30: restaurant. $30, and others. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
WANTED— Dishwasher at IM4 Kentucky »t^
Reldy's Hotel, Potrero,
HELP XV ANTED— Continued.
MURRAY & READY, MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT MONDAY, 7 A. M
165 more men for Arizona
132 teamsters, railroad work, $1 70, $1 85 dayj
150 laborers, new mountain railroad, $1 75
day '
..Part fare paid on above railroad work..
4 hostlers and stablemen, $50, $40, $8U and
$20 and found
Hhlngle packer, see boss here
50 laborers, city work, $1 75 and $1 &> day.
Hi-edown — Strawbuck
10 farm and orchard hands, $2'i and $'.20 and
found
6 milkers $25 and $20 and found
Farmers and wives, with or without children
50 tiemakers 8c to lie each
Boys to learn trade, city
Boy to drive peddling wagon. ..sls and found.
....MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
MORE men wanted for the sawmills and
woods
25 common laborers, 1-6 and found
....Also for a Large Sawmill Company
Edgerman Spool tender
Tall sawyer Trimmers
Lumber pliers Swampers
And 10 road builders $26 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-U36 Clay St.
MURRAY & READY want the following
, Hotel and Restaurant Help
7 A. M. MONDAY
For Seattle, second cook; also short order
cook, same place $50 and found; 2 broilers,
restaurant and hotel, $50 and $40 and found;
baker, $30 and found; 6 hotel and restaurant
cooks, $40, $35 and $30; waiters, hotels, res-
taurants and bakers, $25 and $30 and found:
dishwashers, kitchen hands, etc., $25 and
$20 and founds barber, country shop; ele-
vator boy, etc. MURRAY & READY. «31-
686 Clay st.
PORTER, country hotel, $20; night clerk, coun-
try hotel, $20. HOTEL GAZETTIC, 420
Kearny st.
BRIGHT young man, retail store, age 19 cr
20, to keep stock in order; state age and
wages desired. Box 121S, Call office.
WANTED— An experienced b?er bottler; steady
job; good wages. Apply at Bavaria Bottling
Co., Montgomery aye. and Chestnut st.
WANTED— Several energetic men and women
in each State to travel for manufacturing
house end appoint agents; several for local
work; salary $75 per month and expenses. Ad-
dress, with reference and previous occupation,
Century SMI Market st.. Philadelphia, Pa.
MAN to take charge of our business, make coN
lections and assign territory: state salary ex-
pected, with references. Address Manufac-
turer. P. O. box 785, Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED— Experienced glove salesman to
handle manulaeturer'9 line of ladies gloves as
side line. Address ALEXANDER & KLO-
POT, 147 Summer pt., FU.st.iii, Mass.
WE do the selling; you get the commission; $10
to $30 weekly; write to-day for particulars.
J. W. WILSON, Manager, 4s» Fulton Bt., N. K.
LADIES' tailor and operator; steady job. 20
fiansome st., upstairs. _____
KRliANii b-.y; apply Monday morning at R
o'clock. H.W. MERIUTT, 18 Montgomery.
COAT, pants and vest maker, for country.
Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter St.
TRAVELING man to handle gloves out of
State. Standard Glove Works. 587 Mission St.
COAT makers wanted for Sacramento. Ap-
ply at JOE POHEIM'S, 111U Market frt.
WANTED— A steady, reliable boy. 17 to 19
years of age. who understands the care of
horses, to drive a delivery wagon and make
himself generally useful around poultry stall;
must be a good driver and come well recom-
mended. Box 1023, Call office.
WANT—ID*— 9O laborer! Monday at Bay and
Le&renwi rth sis., i-lty.
WANTED— Night cook experienced In oysters.
20 Stockton st.
DISHWASHER wanted. MB Grant aye.
]!(iY for cloak and suit h-ms"; must have ref-
erence. Call Monday. Ki£ Market st.
DISHWAFHER wanted. 407 Mason St.; 7a. m.
WANTED — Men nnd women; neat work; ;ti-><l
wages. IVORYTYPE CO., 136 Blxth, rm. 2.
TAILOR to work by the week, country. Apply
IC4 Jessie st.
MANAGER— Good business manager Tilth $J"'"H)
fof Oakland; active man or woman with
this amount will iearn of a>i opportunity to
make $2CO per month from the start; investi-
gate. NOVITA COMPANY, 79 Dearborn St.,
Chicago.
HOY to attend cigar store. 800 Third st.
FIRBT-CLABB tall'.r on custom coats; good
wages; steady job. 629 Bush jst.
WANTED for the U. 8. Army— Able-bodied
unmarried men between ages of 21 and 3n.
citizens of the I'nltrd Ht«ies, of good char-
n-ter and temperate habits, who car. Bpenk,
read and write Engll-h. For information ap-
ply to recruitlns officer, 425 Montgomery ft.,
Pftn Frnncljco, Cal.
1100.000 to loan on diamonds and Jewelry; pri-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
WANTED— Reliable mea and women in every
town to work for us; neat, steady employ-
ment; good wages: no deception: no delay;
send us your address and we will send you
work Immediately. Address Standard Art
Mfg. Co., 142 West Twenty-third st., Now
York City, room A.
i'HOLEHALE liquor house requires the serv-
ices of traveling salesman. I'artlculurs and
references to box IS2S, Call Office.
TRAVELER fur wholesale liquor hous»; good
references required. Box 1234. Call office.
DENTIST wanted; must be nn Al operator.
Address box 1330, Call office.
DRESS, domestic, fancy and men'a furnishing
goods salesmen. Address box 1329, Call.
Al OPERATORS on ladles' jackets; highest
wages. DAVIDSON & MILLER. 731 Market
RRCRUTTS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps, United States nary; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
SO years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their intention to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 6
feet E Inches and 6 feet In height. For iurther
Information apply at the recruiting office. 20
Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED —An experienced salesman who
thoroughly understands stoves and hardware;
a quick active man. Apply to WEINSTOCK,
LUBIN & CO.. 523 Market, from 2 to 3 p. m.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; l.".O large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to S3 per week.
WANTED— A lirst-class dress goods salesman.
Apply 523 Market St., room 7. WEINSTOCK.
LT'BIN & CO.. from 2 to 3 p. m.
WANTED At Minima H.i'ise. 7044 Mission
St., men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c p«r
night; 60c, Me and $1 per wgek.
TO Tailors— Good coat and trousers makers
wanted. Apply at 11 at the Stevenson-st. en-
trance. CHARLES LYONS. 721 Market st
AMATEUR musicians for social purposes. 328
Bush St., office No. .4, third floor.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
m't. H. Bernnrd, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
SHOES repaired while you wait: half, price
562 Mission st., bet. First and Second.
2M PAIRS men's second-hand shoes. 2, r >c to $1.
662 Mission st.. bet. First and Second.
MEN to learn barber trade: easy terms; or
trade guaranteed. $15. 1542 Market st
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 60; men's
solelng. 85c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employment Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.: tel. Grant 136.
MEN an 6 women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, 138^ Eighth at.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 gutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 604 Dav'.s at., near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, gunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st., below Sixth,
for a room; 2.-.C a night: $1 a week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, const,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 gtcuart.
SINGLE rooms 10c and loc night; 750 and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howar.l <-ts.
WIN'.'HRSTER Housr, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
bus nnd baggage to and from the ferry.
ELEVENTH. 10C— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS wanted— "History of the Spanish-
American War." by Hon. Henry Watterson;
reliable, exhaustive story of the military, na-
val nn.l civil history of thf war; superbly Il-
lustrated with 76 full page half tones and rirh
pictures in colors; credit given; writ.? for lib-
eral terms; the opportunity of the year. THJi.
WERNER COMPANY, Akron, Ohio.
THE Perfection Lamp Burner consumes kero-
sene; the best selk-r and money-maker out in
years; sold only by agents. For particulars
and territory. Pacific Const, address Pacific
Supply Co.. Flood building, city.
WANTED— Respectable lady agents to well
new article; quick sale, large profits. Apply
109 Fifth st., room 1.
LIVE, energetic agents to handle good sperlnl-
ty; Just in. Greater West Advertising & Nov-
elty Co., 1155/4 Wnshlngton St., Oakland.
MAN or woman of ability to take State man-
agement of a good paying business; some
cash. 38 Sixth St., room 8.
WANTED— Woman of education and refinement
to act as loenl agent fyr London firm. 33
i BUth et., room I. i
ROOMS WANTED.
WIDOW without children wants 2 or 3 rooms
.with yard or part of store In business, local-
ity. Address MRS. B. P.. box 896, Call office.
GENTLEMAN desires room in refined family
in part payment for fine piano; will take
balance monthly ■If desired. Address box
1025. Call office. __^_
WANTED— I or 2 unfurnished rooms, with run-
ning water; rent not over $5 for 1 room. Ad-
dress D. P.. 1713 Polk st. • -
WANTED—To rent, part of office in centrally
located modern office building. Address with
particulars. Specialty, box 1321, Call office.
PROMINENT pianist will give lessons for a
room. Box 1074, Call office.
WANTED— Unfurnished room, about $3 or $4
month; man. Box 1328, Call office.
ROOMS AND HOARD WASTED.
YOUNG man, stranger, wants board and room
in nice private family distance no objection;
instruct how to reach your place. Box ICC2,
Call office. -
LADY with piano will give lessons for room
rent or part board. Box 1017, Call office.
WANTED—MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— sewing machine; perfect
condition; bargain, j Box 1070, Call office.
WANTEP— Screw-cutting foot lathe; second-
hand. 718 Montgomery st.
QUARTZ mill, crusher,' feeder, hoist, power;
state price, location, condition. Box 1317. Call.
NATIONAL cash register wanted. 113 Taylor
street.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus: second-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
LOST.
LOST— On 19th Inst.. fawn colored bull terrier,
white chest and feet, name Fltz; Alameda
tag; lost on Eleventh St.. near Lake Merritt
trestle, Oakland; reward. • Soerry Flour Com-
pany, 416% ' Eighth Bt.. Oakland.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JOHN P. SULLIVAN, No. 206-524.
The finder will plea»e return to bank.
LOST A lady's breastpin, one large pearl and
small diamonds, on Market St., about 7:45,
Sunday. 413 Stockton St.; liberal reward.
— Purse containing 5 Spanish dime?, en-
graved on one side. Return to 567 Hayes st.
and receive reward. *
LOST— Black fox terrier named Jerry; Oak-
land tag. Suitable reward by returning to
1199 Market st.
LINK bracelet, small diamond in center. Re-
turn to 30 Liberty st. ; reward.
LOST— Pair of opera glasses, on Jones St., bet.
Eddy and Ellis; reward. 305 Jones st.
FOUND.
$100,000 to loan ladies on their diamonds and,
sealsk'n*. I'NCI.K HARRIS. 15 Grant av>.
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth, $5; crowns, $3; fill-
ings, 60c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free. i
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and |
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
Ni > pnin! rco pain! Lowest prices in the city!
Work guaranteed; teeth without plates a spe-
cialty; full set of teeth, extracting free, $4 SO
up; gold crowns, 22k, $3 f>o up; fillings, 25c
Up. Electro-Dentnl Clinic, r.uite 7, Flood
building, 809 Market st. Office hours, S a. m.
to 1" p. m. ; Sundny, 9 to 2 p. m.
A FT"LL set of teeth. $5; gee new flexible
plates: light and thin; guaranteed 13 years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, *« Ptxth .«t.: telephone JessU 1132.
BET of teeth. |5: fillings, gold. $1 up; silver. 25c
up: bridges; plates repaired; all work pain-
less and warranted 10 years. New York
Dentists, 36? Mission St., corner Sixth.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
entee <-'f improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
VAN" VROOM Electro I cental Parlors: full set
of teeth. $5 tip: fillings. 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
S>?7 Market St.. corner Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1442 Market Bt.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
BET of .eeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
ALT/ work rensonable and warranted. DR. J.
W KEY. 1320 Market st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEAT.D'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy. languages. English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 18S2; catalogue.
AYRES' BuslnesH College. 723 Market St.; Indi-
vidual Instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, tt.legraphy, penmanship, English
hranchos, etc.; life scholarship. $50; low rates
p«r week and month.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MIBSKS LANE, 3941 Twenty-
fourth Kt., near Sanchez.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell rerry.Ph.B.. Fel-
low in Mathematics. U. C, 7407 S. Atherton,
nr.Channlng way.Berkeley; write for circular.
SPANISH school; daily classes, $3 mo: nrepares
civ. service exams; 4 to 9 p m., R 10, V.M.C.A.
ZITHER lessons given by MAX MAIER, 526
Turk st., bet. Larkin and Polk.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing:, rrech. survey, assay, nrchlt.; day& eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ELOCUTION and oratory: F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrp. experience. Press Club bldg., 123 Ellis.
MME. ANNIS MONTAGUE fURNER. vocal
Instructions correct, natural method. 93o Bush.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
ENGLISH literature, mythology: Shakespeare
classes; pri. tuition. Mrs. Ehrinan. 1234 Bush.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, sealskins and Jew-
elry. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
~~ MEDICAL. ~~~~~
ALL Ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. .M. Da vies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; diegraee
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted ; travelers treated no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1228 Me.k?t
St.: pills, $1: very strong, $2.
ALL caseß of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause): safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement: skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist l'ree and confidential; strong
pills, $1; guaranteed cure. $5. MRS. DR.
WTKTH. 20S Turk st.. near Jones.
LADIES, Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief, for Ladies"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
$100,000 TO loan on bronzes, silverware; private
entrance. UNCLE HARRIS, 16 Grant aye.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box. sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye.. S. F. A caution — Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW procate sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways in one day: safe and sure; no medi-
cine or Instruments used: consultation free;
Haven disgrace; pills and capsules. $1; cure,
55 By the well-known ladles' physician for
37 venrs. DH. POPPER. 318 Kearnv st.
A TREATMENT that restores lnFtantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office. $5; travelers helped Instantly;
consult free; confidential; hours, 9 a. m. to
6 p. m. MRS, DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate: Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OPGOOD nnOP.. Coast Asent?, Oakland. Cal.
DR. CO. WISH, the ladles' specialist. Office,
, 1148 Market st., opp. Cth nearly; cut this out.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife: sunny, pleasant
horn* In rnnflnprnpnt. IM P^p^nd st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce laws; • private. J. B.
EVANS. 14 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank.
CITY . Law and Collection; Office; advice free.
■•-; 777 - Market st. a room ,7. : : ; . - ; ,- jy ,;
L. P. CLARK— Emma Spreckels b!dg.. 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free: no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charjro unless successful. TV.'
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. . ; r
•;.. -• PHYSICIANS. -•"
DR. MACQUEEN'S Family Consul Rooms.
Advice and medicine, $1 50: open 9:30 to 5. .997
, : Market, cor. 6th,- opp. Welnstock &■ Lubln's.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office ' ana residence,"
i 12CC Market; diseases of women a specialty. ■-.
PERSONALS.
AFFECTIONATE, unencumbered. handsome
widow, refined and generous ■ independently
wealthy, seeks kind, loving husband. Reality,
135 East Sixty-fifth st., New York. >
F. W. C— Letter received; all well.
. .- H. C.
TALENT wanted for amateur night at the
Olympla; liberal inducements to right par-
ties. Apply every crternoon, Ito 3, Olympia,
.?:ddy and Mason sts.
LADY wants lady for team on vaudeville stage;
one who can sing and dance preferred. Box
1008, Call office.
WITH proper care you can have a good head
of ha'r, use LEDEP.ER'S Quinonia, 35c bot.
I IMPORT dire-t from Paris, London and Ber-
lin. I buy In large quantities and retail at
wholesale prices. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton
st., hair dealer. Hair dressing 25c only.
WIVES
MOTHERS
Bend self-addressed envelope and I'll tell you
how to cure drunkenness without :he pa-
tient's knowledge; don't Bend money. MRS.
' MAY HAWKINS, Grand Rapids. Mich. ; lock
box 131 P. 2-.L.
WALLACE'S system of dresscuttlng taught at
419 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
MAGNETISM !s the life of the physical; It
cures sleeplessness, melancholia or any dis-
ease *.hat Is curable: Instructions given con-
cerning the causation of malformation, birth-
marks and their prevention; the power cf
thought and its effects: philosophy of life or
how to live; no medicine, no batteries used,
no rubbing; can heal from a distance. J. W.
BROWN, magnetic healer. 13« Grove »t..
Oakland.
DRUMMERS' samples boys' suits, ages 3 to 16;
manufacturer's cost. 107 Sansome, upstairs.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms,
2oc to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to S6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and fram the ferry.
SUITS to ord-er on Installment* at cash price*,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FITNKE. Hl6 Rth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments, li.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSMAKING, ladies' tailoring taught; 8.
F. Dress Cutting School: tailor suits: ball cos-
tumes, house gowns, negligees, riding habits,
coat;;, capes, cycling fuHs; men and women
teachers employed. 916 Mkt.. opp. Emporium.
GO to 83SA Howard st. to have your old dresses
made new.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant stylish dresses, $5
up: dresses made over. 3 Eddy St.. rms. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery In life; she
wUI show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life while in a per-
fect trance; perfect satlsfactfon guaranteed
by mail. Send stamp for circular with spe-
cial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms 23
| and 26, 1206 Market st., opp. Sixth.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1049 A Market st. ;
J The Balboa.-
| MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 324' i 7th st_
MIIE. WALTERS, the great card reader; la-
dies 25c, gents 50c. 951 Mission St.. nr. Sixth.
MRS. JEPSON tella past, present, future; L.
60c; Q. »1. 775 22d, bet. West & Brush. Oaklnd.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant & canlreader;
born with double veil & second sight: diag-
nosis disease with full life reading: la. 50c;
gents $1; palm & clair.: sit Jl 50. 126 Turk.
GO to Mme. Keal to know your future; best on
►•arth. S3ZA Howard st.
MME MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 78 Fourth St., near Mission.
I MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: ?5c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. BYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
! MRS. B. BAIiMANN. the well-known fortune
j teller, nun opened an office at 315 O'Farrell et.
L--IHITVAJLISM.
THE preat occult, MRS. ELIZABETH
EVANS. 416 Seventeenth et., Oakland, Cal..
bet. Broadway and Franklin; readings daily,
10 to 5, Sundays excepted; clairvoyant and
business medium: Tuesday, Thursday, Satur-
day evenings, 6 to 9, only.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant: treats pri-
vate and chronic diseases, no matter from
whnt cause or how lone standing, with re-
vealed remedies: Hittinga $1. 232 Stockton St.
MAUD FOSTER, medium and astrologist; cir-
cles Tuesday and Thursday at S p. m. ; has
removed from 24 to 28 Sixth St.. room 3.
M. FRAKCEB, independent slate-writin» .me-
dium. 118 Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to nil; Tues.-Fri., 2 p. m. ;
Men., S. 25c: ("Ittings 11. 233 Valencia st.
~ MUSI C AIT~IX STR I M BNTS.
ASTONISHING how purchasers of the Harrf^
man piano can and do advertise its fine
qualities to so many of their friends. Two
carloads of good instruments just arrived;
beautiful cases, new designs: no other in-
struments selling so rapidly and so thorough-
ly satisfactory for the last 60 years; two
slightly damaged In shipping sacrificed for
cash; a chajiee for you. THE J. DEWING
COMPANY, second floor. Flood building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 p*?r month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; -irices are the
,isame as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, J4 an '
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, coiner Kearny and Sutter
6ts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all ether musical instruments of aU grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to pease end satisfy the
customer.
FOR $250 we will sell you the finest piano ever
offered in this city; guaranteed for 10 years;
our own make; our own building; terms to
suit the smallest pocket. Scott-Curtaz Piano
Company, 560 Hayes st.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. sole agents for Check-
ering. Steck. Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell Ft.
DECKER & SON pianos take the lead, as they
are best in quality, tone and finish; prices are
low. MAUVAIS. 7C9 Market Bt.
AN elegant Stcinway. uprisrht for $2T>O cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
LARGE F. L. Neumann piano for sale; cheap.
"."9 Capp st.
PIANO for sale cheap. Thirteenth st. and
Elgin Park.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 30S Post St.
$60— UPRIGHT piano; good tune; for sals on
$5 installment*. 1115 Post at.
HAIXES' Pros, and other first-class piano* at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
$80— Elegant Emerson piano; bargain. Bchmiti,
16 McAllister St.. next Hlbernta Bank.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 116 McAllster.
"AD" smallest; prices lowest; uprights. $7i op;
rents $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new : yles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old .ir.iTnew. ST
MT'LLTTR. maker, repairer. 2 T>atham plac
HORSES.
FOR Sale — 1 pair bay horses, 16 : i hands high,
weight 2500 pounds: black points; fine style;
will be at St. Lawrence Stable, on Post st.
JUST arrived— 2 carloads of horses from 1200 to
2000 lbs. Occidental Salesyards. 721 Howard.
.60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyur'l?. 220 Valencia st.. between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also bungles, wagons,
harness, etc.. at your own price; come and
make an offer.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auotlnneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FOR SALE— An extra well matched and vpry
tine carriage team; Cleveland dark bays, with
black po'nts: 17 hands high. Address X. B.
C. box 1344. Call_offlce.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lle-
holii HRrne** Co . 211 Larkin. opp. City Hall.
CARPET~CIiEAJiIJ(G.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
3S and 40 Eighth st. : telephone South 25').
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J~E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
=t.; cleaning. 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet -beat ing Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
ADVANCE Carp«t-cleanlng Co., 402 Sutt(»r st. ;
i tel. Mala $04. OEO., WOLCOM, Proprietor.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
T^WE~hav^buvers~to invest in any legitlmato
National , Business Ex.. 7 Grant a\e.
$200-COR. saloon; clears $30 month: a snap
$225-Cor. groceo- and bar; clean Jff- month.
$250-Restaurant: No. 1 location, clea .r $to mo.
$175-Branch bakery: Market «*^J* 1 £* 1 *- .
$200— Cigar store; receipts, $12 per™'
Bargains at National Agency, 7 Grant aw.
A-WE offer to-day the Allowing bargains:
$5000-Best saloon in city; a money m *Ker-
I $550-Saloon; near brewery; steady a ? e :
$2750-Saloon: near Market st.; excelU -nt bus.
$450— Cigar store; best location Mar ".". - _—
$3500-Grocery. with excellent bar trade, large
St $1200-Groeery and bar: old established P lac
$900-Butcher shop in interior; sickness cause.
$750— Milk route; 24-can trade; 4 horses, two
wagons harness, cans; full investigation..
B WERTHEIM & KERTH. 860 Market st
See our list of lodging houses in Chronicle.
it pnn ano 22 Geary Ft.
BROKER*/ " -loans " negotiated. •
j -Cigar stand; also $500 stand.
$300— Branch bakery; $16 dally. __v
Grocery and bar: also $700 grocery.
$450— Hotel and bar; clears $100.
$1200— Delicacy store; best in city.
$1750— Saloon; $50 to $75 daily.
$5000— Drug store; monthly receipts, ji^w.
«SOO— FOR sale; oldest and best equipped real
estate office and business in Oakland; sold at
one time for $3000; sub-rents more than pay
all expenses; owner has engagement in itonn-
lu!u. Apply at once. W. F. O'BAMON. »>i
Broadway.
INVENTION— Share of one-fifth in rights of
patent for Stct.- of California in return .or
advance to perfect patent. For particulars
address JOHN W. HUNTER, P- 0., Oakland.
A LIVE man with money can find first-chips
opportunity at FITZPATRICK & WARD-.
Twenty-fourth and Shotwcll sta.
GOOD opportunity for a good, energetic tailor
with a small capital. Apply at C. Vr . ti.
ford & CO.'S. IT' Setter st.
FOB Sale— Restaurant doing good business: Al
location; good reasons for selling; price fuO.
Address box 101"., Call office.
LADY or pentleman partner in a legitimate,
established business; $3000. Box 1068. call.
jiwi^MAN or lady partner to open 25c coffee
and chop house downtown. Box 1063. CaU.__
GOOD^PAYIXU Batoon; fine location; reason-
able rent. PAUL CULVER, room 23, oth fl..
Mills building.
CORNER Oak and Franklin— Slore suitable for
any business; low rent. Apply 15 Grant aye.
$150— FINE saloon and lunchroom; clears $60
month ; rare chance. Inquire 731 Natoma St.
STATIONERY business, stock and nxtures;
good location. 1016 Washington gt.^Oakland.
SALOON; bargain; must*sell this day account
of other business. 23 East at.
$100 000 to loan on seclskins and diamonds;
strictest privacy. Uncls Harris, 15 Grant aye.
GOOD butcher business at a lorw figure; excel-
lent location: a good tenant wanted; nr»i-
class inducements to right roan. Apply to
A. R. D. Jr., 1457 Webster Bt., AJameda.
PSO— GOOD raying 1 business: must be sold Im-
mediately at a sacrifice; owner leaving coun-
try; fullest investigation. 265 OTarrell «t.
FOR Sale— Butter, egg and cheese business do-
ing a cash business of $40 per day. Address
box 4001, Call office.
GOOD grocery and liquor store for sale; corner
Filbert and Laguna sts.
$173— HOME bakery: must sell this month;
leaving city; worth double. Box 1338, Call.
FOR Sale — Ortet Bros;, pioneer cutlers, 524
Commercial st., bet. Montgomery and Leldes-
dorft*; goods suitable for butchers and cooks.
BRANDT'S restaurant for sale. 2*75 Sixteenth
Bt., near Howard.
FOR SALE— A good-paying saloon. Apply
John Wleland Brewery.
COFFEE tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-109
Beale st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The TCe-kiy
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER.
1020 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE FIFTH.
ONLY $200
10-ROOM HOUSE
B-ROOM HOUSE
PAYMENT SUIT
10-room house; only $ luO
21 rooms; corner; clears JliO 5.M)
46-room house; corner 1200
24 rooms- clears JlOO Sh)
19-room boarding house l+tX)
40- room house; only 1150 cash 4f>o
14 rooms on Powell St.; new
20 rooms on Mission; new
44-ronm house; corr.er '. : 16*0
22 rooms near CjAy Hall
S6 rooms; cleafT $200 1600
60 rooms; clears $100; only 7'o
10 rooms all rented; business street 300
25 rooms: on JJarket St.: clears $200 6(0
22 rooms; new furniture; clears Sl5O 1000
100 rooms: corner; hest on earth 6000
1 HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
CALL, I CAN SUIT YOU.
H. C. DECKER.
1020 JLARKET ST., OPPOSITE FIFTH.
A— U ROOMS on O'Farrell -et.: clears $73
month: all new furniture: snap
12 rooms on Ellis St.; cost $2000; new fur-
niture; only $1100
4S rooms north of Market st. ; fine 1200
76 rooms: select: transient: corner 3500
2S rooms; rent *oo 550
37 rooms: north of Market: clears $125.... 1500
10 rooms: all new furniture CCO
IF YOU WILL CALL ON US
WE WILL SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION.
PRICE AND SIZE OF HOUSE
F C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market st.
I, W ROGERS, clerk for F. C. HYDE A
CO (formerly clerk for H. C DECKER).
A— KREDO ACO 22 1 4 Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
100 ROOMS: all new; clears $300 |5000
3S rooms: $4. r 0 cash; balance time 1100
23 rooms; rent $45; receipts, $150 600
18 rooms: very swell 1500
17 rooms; transient; O'Farrell 850
16 rooms: Edr 1 - -■ boarding; no rent lOfo
13 rooms: clears $12 a week: new 600
9 rooms: elegantly furnished ........: 325
See long list at our office. KREDO & CO.
\VINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
9-room flat: corner: cost $1300 $SOO
7-room flat: new; Post st : 2<W
10 rooms: elegant: yard: only 600
20 rooms; corner: part cash , 1000
2S rooms; Ftrirtly first -class: rent $100 IBW
22 rooms; rent $65; worth $2000 ISOO,
35 rooms; corner: new; a snap 1200
look Tat our bargains—
10 rooms »75 18. rooms; fine $550
lfi rooms 250 20 rooms; snap 600
37 rooms 700 50 rooms 1250
National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
TURK, 127— Lodging house, 15 rooms; carpenter
shop; nice location; cheap.
IMO.OOQ to loan on stocks and bonds: low Inter-
est. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
O'FARRELL, sE3— First-class of house of »
rooms: 5 completely furnished.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
H\xr>SOME furniture of 6 rooms, nearly new.
Call 1 to 5 p. m. at 2112 Pine st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
A 14-karat gold stem-winding watch, $25, worth
$60. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
GREAT Dane and St. Bernard pups; prize ped-
igree. St. George, 120 Douglass St., between
Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
GASOLINE launch, Al order. Apply Boat-
keeper, California Yacht Club, Oakland Creek.
THOROUGHBRED Angora kittens from finest
stock. For sale at Angora Cattery, 557 Ellis.
BUTCHER shop fixtures for sale. Apply 3020
Twenty-sixth st.
FOR SALE— Six-horse power Zenith gas engine,
nearly new. 519 Mission st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; rew and second hand. J.
NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.. abova
Sixth.
FRESH family cow for sale. 1534 Church st.
HELM wheel of cruiser d'Juan de Austria, cap-
tured at Manila. Apply S. S. Zealandia, Pa-
cifie-st. wharf.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont Ft.
Engine boiler, pumps, pulleys, shafting, laundry
mchy, dynamos. 2d hand. White, 516 Mission
SAFES— New and second hand; cheaper than
ever. Herman Safe Manfc, 53"! SaeramentD.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20; records, $s~per~dozen7
projectosccpe. $100. Bacigalupi. 9SS-D52 Market.
J. K. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
b-Hlding material 1124 Mission; tel. South 757.
BAFES— Bargains in new and second hnnd: all
sizes: half original cost. 100-111 Market. S. V.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and Whit*
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; "phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented:
repairing nt lowest rates. 205 Fourth »t.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL tpewriters sold and rented; few parti}'
used for sale cheap; aend for samples and
Prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. no Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. $25: ''allprraph. $15; Yost, *25;
get sample work. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery at.CITY REAL E^ A T_'
a. H. UMBSEN & CO., •
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 Montgomery «t. j
\~"V. THREE MODERN FLATS.
$7000— be Bold; rente $SOO per annum; 3
nice flats of 6, 5 and 4 rooms, bath, laundry,
etc., each: Post st. ; no reasonable offer re-
fused; 25x87:6. .
ASHBURY HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOTS.
$5000 — £0x106:3; as a whole or in subdivisions
to suit.
A SHORT DISTANCE FROM MARKET AND
PAGE STREETS.
$4000— Rents $360 per annum; a bargain; dou-
ble cottage of 5 rooms each; street accepted;
mortgage of $2100 can remain if desired; SOx
77:6; cwner means to sell; will consider an
offer.
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
2-story houee of 9 rooms; house alone
worth the money; could be converted into flat*
at very little expense; within a few blocks of
the City Hall: 25x100.
* TWO FLATS— CHEAP.
Pacific St.; rents $312 per annum; 2 flats
of 5 and 4 rooms and bath each; business lo-
cality; house could be raised and store put un-
derneath.
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
$2500— Langton st. ; rents $31*6 per annum; 4
flats of 7. 6, 3 and 3 rooms: _x7S; street ac-
cepted; near Seventh and Howard Bts.
A COZY COTTAGE.
$2000— Stclner St.; cottage of 5 rooms and
bath and lot: nic* location: will be sold en easy
terms; small amount, cash; balance equal to
rent.
MAGNIFICENT CORNER LOT. .■:/.:
J2ooo— Choice part of Presidio Heights; com-
manding unobstructed marine views; 32:2V<x
117:9; owner is open for any reasonable offer;
must be sold.
A VERT CHEAP COTTAGE.
$ISOO-HJozy bay-window cottage of 5 rooms
and bath; brick foundation, etc.; large lot 31:6 x
150; only 1 block from Mission-st. cars; this Is
a snap; easy terms. .■■":'■•:■■ •_•
CORNER ON FIRST AVENUE.
Corner lot, 25x115. e.ood lot for drug
store or first-class grocery store; easy terms.
CHEAP MISSION LOT.
$1230— Near Mission and Guerrero st. car lines;
87:6x125.
BUSINESS - CORNER LOT— BARGAIN.
$900— Corner 33x119 (irregular), a half block
from Mission St.; a snap.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec- '
ords," which contains a llst'of properties for
sale In all parts of the city.
G. H. UMESEN ft CO..
: • 14 Montgomery st.
THIRD st.; grand investment corner with a
frontage of 105 feet; improvements consist of
stores and tenements; renting for $300 per
month; owner is desirous of investing in an-
other direction and means to sell; property is
cheap at $50,000; will consider an offer. G.
H. _BB_N & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
$2:SO— FULTON-ST. building lot: inside Fill-
m«re St.; street accepted; size 25x137:6; noth-
ing, cheaper in Western Addition; fine loca-
tion for flats. G. H. UMBSEN _ CO., -14
Montgomery, st.
$12,500— MAGNIFICENT residence containing 17 ;
rooms, 2 baths, billiard-room, etc.; best part
of O'Farrpii St.. close to Van Ness aye.; 27:6 x
120; runs through to rear street. G. 11. UMB-
SEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
GREAT sacrifice of corner lot. situate
on Jackson St., Presidio Heights; command- !
ing unobstructed marine view, overlooking
the Presidio; size 32:6x117:9; must be sold this
week. G. H.- UMBSEN _ CO.. 14 Mont- 1
gomery st.
$3750— RENTING $33 per month; 2 flats and rear
Lge, S rooms and bath each, on Shotwell
ft.; 22:3x122:6; splendid offering. G. H. UMB-
SEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery Bt
BUNNY side Golden Gate aye.. inside of
7:« through to a rear street;
owner might shade this price. G. H. UMB-
BBN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
JOHN PFORR. removed to 403 Pine st., oppo-
site Nevada. Bank, will sell at sweeping re-
duction:
S ■ ■.—. — A fine block of dwellings on Polk St.,
near Post, including two corners.
$12,000— 3 bay-window houses on Haight st.,
near Flllmore; lot i>ix!37:6.
$62,500 — Another piece of arket-st. property,
near Sixth st.
$SOOO, formerly $S000; rent $70— Fillmore St.,
one and a half blocks from Market; 4 fine flats;
lot 49x80.
$25,000, reduced from $33. — A splendid prop-
erty on Larkin st., a few blocks north from the
new City Hull; stores and flats; lot 48x137:6;
paying 9 per cent on the price.
$3750. formerly $5000 A solid business prop-
erty; 2-story and basement brick house, on
Brannan ft., just west of Third; lot 35x75; rent
$30; a snap.
'-■"-PARK PANHANDLE PROPERTY. " «
m.ooo— Rent *94; 4 splendid flats on Fell St.,
near Masonic aye.; lot 37:0x137:6.
$425^-Bplendid cottage. Oak st.. near Lyon;
lot !sxllu; fronting on park panhandle.
IN THE HEART OF TOWN.
$100,000 — Fine property on Kearny st., near
Market: large lot renting at $525 per month,
nearly 6 per cent net ground rent.
$42,500— Taj -ir Market; large lot; i
well improved; stores and flats.
INCOME PROPERTY. • 1
$5000— Rent $60: 4 flats on Geary St., near Dcv- ,
lsaiero; lot 28x125.
$5790 — Rent $47; store and two flats; Geary at.,
near Fillmore.
5.4--- Rent $25; double flats near Sixth and
Bryant sts.
BIG CROWDS
BUYING
PARK LOTS.
81 SOLD IN THREE WEEKS!
FOR
AMD UPWARDS.
Last Sunday there was a large number of
people out to see the lots in the new blocks
Just subdivided. We have Bold 31 lots In three
weeks in these blocks. Cheapest investment In
residence lots in the city.
PRICE-J275 UPWARDS.
TERMS— S9 MONTHLY.
Lots front on Eighth, Ninth, Tenth and
Eleventh avenues, south of and not a great
way from Golden Gate Park, with all of its
attractions. These lots are graded and ready I
for building. No drifting sand. Go and see i
them at once; we are certain that you will |
agree with us that this is an opportunity to i
make money or to secure a choice building
lot.
HOW TO GET THERE.
Take Haight or Ellis Ftreet cars, and trans-
fer to the new electric road (taking the place
of the old steam rtummyj. (Jet off at Ninth
avenue and H street. \Ve have a branch of-
fice there, open daily (Sundays and holidays
Included). Biue cars on Mission and Kills
streets run direct from the ferries. Last Sun-
day there was a large crowd out to see the
lots, and to-morrov. we are sura to have a
i,t.ill larger number. It will pay you to come.
Call at branch office for price list.
BALDWIN & HO WELL,
10 Montgomery st.
HOOKER &. LENT, 14 POST ST.
VALENCIA ST., NEAR TWENTIETH.
$6500— An extra large lot with new store and
7 dwelling rooms and bath: a prime business
location; owner forced to sell.
$3400— RENTS $41 50.
Half block from Market and Fifth sts.; best
kind of tenement property; sold to close an
estate.
$4100— RENTS $45 A MONTH.
$2000 mortgage can remain: 3 flats on Steven-
son »t.. near Thirteenth and Market; a very
safe Investment; this property cost over $6000.
$3500— Corner cottage. Buchanan St.; only 1
block from Haight-et. cars; 8 rooms and bath;
street bltuminized; cement sidewalk; this is a
bargain; could be made Into 2 flats.
Forced Sale — MUsion home; 2-story house;
$3570; Twenty-fourth St.; threatened foreclosure;
small cash payment.
HOOKER & LENT.
CHEAP LOTS! CHEAP LOTS!
$9500— Fine Pacific Heights corner with ma-
rine view; 45x108.
$4500— Pacific Heights lot; 42:6x107; fine view.
12500 — Lot on Shra'der St., near entrance to
Park; 27:6x100 feet.
$30tO— Splendid lots at corner of Scott and
McAllister sts.; any size.
$2250— Cheap lot on Clayton St., near Page;
street bltuminized; 25x106:8.
$1850— Lot. on Belvedere St., near Waller;
street bltuminized; 25x120.
$2000— Lot on Clay st., near Cherry, In Pre-
sMio Heights; 30x137:6.
$900— Fine level lots on bituminized streets in
the Mission; on terms If desired; all frontages.
$650— Cheap lot on California St., near Twelfth
aye. ; 25x100.
$1250— Presidio Heights, Vallejo, near Brod-
ernk. with marine view; 25x137:6.
MCAFEE BROS.. McAFEE BROS.,
10» Montgomery St., San Francisco. Cal.
$50 DOWN and $10 a month; price $800; good 3-
room cottage and lot with basement and
chlcken-liouxe; near Mission and Thirtieth sts.
JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery Kt.
A HOME THAT YOU CANNOT 1.
You are pr rtected against death and Inter-
rupted payments by an arrangement we have
just concluded with thy New York Life In-
surance Company. We will furnish you with
a home in the Heyrnan Tract on our plan of
monthly payments, guaranteeing you In case
of death to clear the home and give your
family a deed to the property. This will
provide your family with a home without any
chance of losing It. Full particulars of JA-
COB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery St.
NEW 7-room-and-bath cottage, now ■ being
built, with lot 25x120. on Ninth aye.. between
California and Clement sts.: $25 a month: it
k contains all modem improvements. JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery St.
HAVE for nothing; 5-room cottage, Berkeley;
large lot; close to cars: $14 per month; noth-
ing down; this is a snap.
$1650— One-third cash; 5-room cottage: near
Geary St.; very neat. I. C. SCHARFF, 20
Montgomery st.
BERKELEY cottage home, 6 rooms, bath, com-
plete; new: large Jot: easy terms. THE MC-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market «t., San Franciico.
CITY REAL ESTATE. __
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents.
Established 1858. 626 Market st. •
$7500— McAllister St., near Fillmore; two large
flats; paying good income; lot 25x100.
Must be Bold— fine flats on Hayes St..
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low; $55; only $7250; make offer.
| $4500— Bush st . near Devisadero: 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
$5000— Three flats: Twenty-first St.. near Va-
lencia; rents $39 per month; lot 22x90.
$2900— Twenty-fifth st.. near Sanchez; 6
; rooms and bath; 24:3x114.
$3000— Cottage and lot; Twenty-first st., near
Castro; 5 rooms and stable; 25x114.
$4000— Webster st., near McAllister: 6 rooms
i and bath and rear house; lot 25x84:6.
j $3500— Two cottages: Chattanooga st., near
! Twenty-third; 32:6x117:6. ,
Hyde, near Union; cars pass; lot 26x60; only
$2500.
j $2000— Cortland aye., corner Moultrie st.; 32x
90 and 2-story house; worth $25 per month.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY."
Corner on Haight and Octavia »ts.. 1 block
off Market: 87:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
Corner, only $2250; California and Locust
Bta.; 37:6x107:7.
GO vara; Buchanan, corner of Chestnut; $6000;
137:6x137:6.
$3600— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth; £2xloo.
$2750— Clay Bt.. near Spruce; 27:6x127. 5.
$4000— RItch st., near Third and Folsom; two
lots; 50x80; cheap.
$2600— Page, near Devisadero; 25x137:6.
$2000— Twenty-first st.. near Sanchez; 50x114.
$1750— Union St.. near Webster; 25x100. -
Sixteenth st., near Castro; 25x100.
$1000— Seventh aye.. near J st.; 25x120.
$1800— North side Golden Gate aye., near Cen-
t ral aye.; 25x110.
$1000— Jersey st.. near Noe; 25x114.
': California, near Second aye.; 25x100; $800.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
O. F. YON RHEIN _ CO.,
513 California st.
IMPROVED.
46:10x137:6; full water lot; Improved; leased for
I years at $250 per month.
Montgomery aye., through to Washington
st.: brick Improvements; rents $190. . . :
$12, 000— Corner Leaven worth and Greenwich;
137:6x137:6; 10 rooms and bath; rents $50.
$&SGO— Jackson, near Taylor; 23x77; rents $76.
$5750— Hayes, near Steiner; 25x82:6; flats; rent !
$42 60; modern bay window.
$10,000— Dupont and Hinckley; 20xa<:6;
store and lodging-house; rents. $S5.
$6500— Ellis, near Buchanan; 25:9x60; flats;
rents $55 50. • „
$6250— Powell, near Vallejo; 21x67:9; rent $18.
$5500— California, near Baker; 25x77:7H; 2 flats; :
rents $42 60. • M , - *
$5000— Page, near Pierce; 25x137:6; cottage, 6 j
j4SO(L-'Green? near Powell; 24:3x69:9; flats; rents
I $4500— Green, near Powell; 24:3x69:9; flats; rents
$3S
Shotwell, nr. 24th; 25x122:6: 2 flats.
$3750— Guerrero, nr. 17th; 25x30; flats.
$3500— Clara, nr. 6th; 25xS0.
$2000— 2Sth, nr. Sanchez; 25:5x114; cottage. :
$1700— Bernard, nr. Jones; 23x60; cottage and i
stable. UNIMPROVED.
$1400 — Filbert, nr. Varennes; 12:6x57:6; cheap.
$1200— Fair Oaks, nr. 26th; 25x125. .
BE. corner Polk and Lombard; 80x71:10.
Scott, nr. Washington; 25x115.
17th and Capp; 32:6x110.
25x55; 13th, nr. Stevenson; 2 lots.
25x100; Valencia, bet. 13th and 11th; 4 lots.
Silver Terrace homestead lots cheap. ,
BARGAIN. $500 down will buy 6 lots, hard-
finished bouse, large stable, water, etc., on ;
San Mateo electric line, and half a block .
from Mission-street line; price $2000: cost J
$4000. See owner on premises, 2001 San Jose ■
avenue. ■• -. ■
$2600— PINE st. ; 8 rooms and bath; lot alone \
worth the money; Excelsior Homestead lots
at a great bargain. J. W. WRIGHT & CO.. j
630 Market st. .
FORCED sale; Mission warm belt; 9-
room house. Box 1071. Call office.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER. < lljl
Room A. first floor Crocker building. ,
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
NEW BLOCKS'. NEW LOTS' BARGAINS ON
EASY TERMS!
Location and price will positively suit you.
$400 to Sunset Heights lots: graded:
splendid view; $25 down, $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$250 to $750— Choicest Richmond lots; only
; $25 down, $10 monthly. getz & BRQTHER^
SOL GETZ & BROTHER^
$100 to $250— Level building lots near Mlsslon-
»t. electric <sarB| only »5 monthly. ; •• ■•-; - • '-•
Call for maps and diagrams. ;
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A, Crocker building.
LOTS at Golden Gate, near new ferry; $20
cash, balance $5 per month. THE McCAR-
' THY CO.. 646 Market St.. S. F. '
i THE CALIFORNIA TITLE INSURANCE AND
TRUST COMPANY
Issues policies of insurance upon realty titles,
which guarantee purchasers and their heirs
against losses from defective searches.
The company has a paid-up capital of $250,000
and a reserve fund of $25,000, which amply
guarantees every policy.
The leading banks accept its policies and loan
money upon the property of which the title is
Insured without other search.
Having a complete abstract plant the com- j
pany Is able to make and continue abstracts for j
use of attorneys at shortest possible notice.
"The advantage of a policy when a man
wishes to convert hi» property into cash quickly
I or to make loans upon It has been proven
: again and again by experience. The man with '
i a guarantee title finds that he can borrow
I money with- as much ease as if he had stocks
: and bonds."— Chicago Tribune.
"The guarantee of such companies protects
purchasers of property and mortgages against
risks which, though remote, always attend real
; estate transactions. The most experienced
! lawyer may err. especially where the. law Is un-
: determined and fraud is an element of danger."
[ —New York Herald.
Money loaned on real estate at current rates
of interest.
Office— Mills building. San Francisco.
A. T. SPOTTS, Manager.
(Ex-County Recorder.)
C C BEMIS,
" REAL ESTATE AND LAND ( AGENT, gT .
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice bulldlnsr lot on Army and Twenty-
; seventh sts.; close to electric road.
$5000— Good corner for store; must be sold;
lot 62:4x60 feet.
$6700—50x127:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay. -; ; f
CO-vara on Page st. ; panhandle of park.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Southwest corner Fifth aye. and C
St. ; 109x95 feet. ■■■^•v- r
$1950— 18 ELIZABETH st., 71 feet east of Guer-
rero; 2-story bay-window residence, consist-
ing of 8 rooms and bath: positive bargain:
Inspect to-day; we are selling the house and
giving the lot away; terms to suit. F. A.
McNALLY & CO.. 19 Montgomery st.
MUST be sold— of the best corners on
Dolores St. : suitable for bakery or grocery
store; lot 33x»0: there is a new residence of.
7 rooms and bath on rear of lot. Apply to 222
Liberty St., near Dolores. • :
$2500 — B-ROOM and bath cottage. 1606 Castro St.,
between 25th and 26th; $600 cash, balance $25
monthly, houses built to suit purchasers on
?Oth St.. near Castro. F. NELSON, builder,
414S Twenty-fifth st.
$100,000 to loan; low Interest; strictest privacy;
on diamonds. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
MONEY TO LOAN.
TO LEND, SUMS FROM $300 TO $50,000, at
from 6 per cent on mortgage of real estate,
for a term of years, or redeemable by Install-
m Money loaned on PATENTS. INVENTIONS
FINANCED and capital procured to DE-
VELOP AND PERFECT SAME.
R. GOULD, «
131 Montgomery at.. San Francisco.
MONEY to loan at rates which people can af-
ford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do nut
borrow cf your friends or you will .ose their
frlendsnlp;"do bus!nesn with t-trangers and be
better satisfied; no delay, no publicity. East-
ern Loan Co., rooms !) and 10. !06 Market Bt.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In 8. F. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1028 Mission St., above
Bi.\th'; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94* Market st. ; telephone Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick: confidential: no commis-
sion- lowest interest. Room 68. U79 Market.
1100,000 to loan on stocks, bonds and diamonds;
strictest privacy. Uncle Harris. 16 Grant aye.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval- low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. ISO Post st.
ANT amount at 6% per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. i.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st. .
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. fS6 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2*l mortg.:
any . proposition Drydpn. 413 Montgomery ft.
FINANCIAL. "■'■: ■' '.:■■■'■
FOREIGN and home capital to invest. STL-
■ ...VAIN -SALOMON; broker, S2B Montgomery . at.;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1898.
CITY REAL, ESTATES.
A
LIST
OF
BARGAINS.
$27f0— Union st., near Taylor; 2 flats of 4
and 5 rooms; rent $24; lot has two frontages.
$Ssoo— Rent $S0; a brand new flat on promi-
nent street, east of Fillmore, in Western Ad-
dition; each flat contains 6 rooms, etc.; large
lot.
$S2s'3 — Rent $62 50; good place for baker's
store, and 2 flats above of 5 and G rooms and
bath, and 2 rear flats of 4 rooms each; all
buildings in very good repair; extra large lot,
25x137:6; Eighth St., near Howard.
$3250— Rent $3S; all rented; 4 good flats of 3
and 4 rooms each, close to the corner of Eighth
and Polsom sts. ; lot 25x75.
$3500— Rent $33; Central aye., near Golden
Gate; lot 27:6x110; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms;
all rented.
$10,000— Very handsome, brand-new building,
Just completed; rent $100; large corner lot; this
building contains 3 corner flats of 6 rooms and
bath, etc., each; very sunny and very altrac
live.
$7250— Devisadero St., near Golden Gate aye.;
handsome new building, containing 2 flats, 6
and 7 rooms, bath, etc., each; lot 85x100; rent
$62 50.
$3200— X St., near Ninth aye.; lot 50x100; hew
house, 7 rooms, bath, etc. ; also stable for two
horses.
$2000— Small amount of cash required; very
attractive bay-window cottage of a rooms and
bath, etc., on Jersey St., near Castro.
$2S, 000— Rent $330; an offer wanted; good
Chinatown investment on Washington st. ; ex-
tra large lot, over 70 feet by over 100 feet in
depth.
$7000— Hyde st., near Ellis, 2 story and
basement house of 10 rooma and bath.
$21,000— Golden Gate aye.. corner of promi-
nent street: large lot, 40x90; improvements
consist of flats and 2 stores; rents $177 50.
$3000— Tehama »t., near Eighth; 2 story
frame building, containing S rooms; also a 2-
Btory house of 8 rooms in rear; rent $35; lot
26x75.
$2000— Rent $240 per year; good 2-story
house on Kincon place, close to Second and
Bryant.
NICE COTTAGE IN RICHMOND.
$2300— Fourteenth aye., near Clement St.;
contains 6 rooms, bath and high basement; lot
25x127:6.
FILBERT-STREET COTTAGE.
$2WO— A bargain; Filbert st., near Lajruna;
contains 6 rooms and bath; also driveway and
stable; lot 25x137:ii.
A FINE SPECULATION.
| $Sooo— All of block No. 176, Homer's Addl-
I tlon, fronting on Castro, Diamond, Twenty-
eighth and Valley ets.; 45 building lots.
BUSINESS CORNER AT THE MISSION.
$3750— Dolores and Twenty-third St.; 2-atory
building; store and flat; large lot.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
i CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada me "ear or $1 SO. ftostars
paid.
COUNTRY REAL. ESTATE.
$8 PER acre; 180 acres, Calaveras County,
one mile from railroad; house and barn, etc.;
fenced; wood and water.
$S50 — 66 acres. Lake Coun*". 5 acres bearing
■ orchard; house 6 rooms, fenced, plenty wood
j and water. C. F. MOORE, 935 Market St.,
| room 4.
$2D<"'ft— 7s ACRES: 2" apple orchards: near Wat-
sonvllle; it only takes $500 to buy.
$3PO'V- Onp-half cash: 40 acres; highly im-
proved; near Los Gatos.
I. C. SCHARFF, 20 Montgomery st.
FOR cheap and desirable country home near
Watsonville, the home of the apple and sugar
beet, send for catalogue. R. P. Qllu'-V, real
estate. Watsunvllle. Cal.
TEN-ACRE tract* of fine fruit land near Au-
burn. Placer County; $5 monthly: no Int. r-
est; $15 to $25 per acre. JACOB HEYMAN,
11 Montgomery st.
$S00— TO" exchange, 160 acres In Mendoclno
County; fine fruit land: for lots In San
Francisco or Oakland. Address G. A.. Fruit-
vale Postcffice.
AT $2 75 per acre; 6962 acres; stock ranch, So-
noma County: 30 miles from this city, 9 milea
from railroad: watered by never-failing
streams; fenced; good roads; easy terms. J.
T. PETERS, 11 Montgomery st.
WANTED to rent— so to 100 acres wUMn 30
miles of S.-in Francisco. Address, stating
terms. B. GILMORE. 1456 San Bruno aye.,
San Francisco.
AN Improved 50-vara lot; beautifully located;
Bunny corner; price $24,000; $12,000 can remain
on interest. Box 626, Call.
$100,000 to loan on watches, bronzes: private en-
trance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOR Exchange — Santa Barbara home for prop-
erty or small business in this section of the
State; no agents; answer with stamp. MRS.
WILLIAMS, 733 Pine St.
REIjWOOD road property, IOOxISO, with good 4-
room hou!>e, modern, for Oakland, Alameda.
Berkeley or P. F. lots or improved prop.; will
assume small mortgage. 1665 24th aye. : by let-
ter. D. P.. 160 C 23d aye.. Eaat Poland.
FOR SALE or exchange— 4o acre/ good fruit
lar.<l; $§00; Los Angeles County. F. G., 3231
Twentieth st.
7-HORSE gras engine; woodwork machinery.
will exchange for real ertate. Hox 1016, Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AL.AMEDA REAL, ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRBT COME. FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
11200, $1700. $1800. $2200. $2600. $2000.
The above are lovely cottages which hay«
been thrown on the market for nonpayment j
Of installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con- j
tain 4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near school*
and stations.
We are going to weed them out, and Invite
Inspection. MARCUSK & REMMEL,
Bay-6t. station, Alameda. and 630 Market st..
Ban Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
$1400— TO close an estate; lot 40x100: modern
house, 7 rooms; 2 blocks from station and
school.
$1000 — Snap: lot 50x150; house of 4 rooms; 2
blocks from Morton st. station.
$2800— New Colonial cottage, 7 rooms and
bath; lot 42x150; elegant location; easy term*.
Elegant home on Central aye. ; lot 50x207. See
this at onco. Houses to let in all parts of Ala-
meda. H. P. MOREAL & CO.
TWO modern 8-room cottages; Benton st. and i
Railroad aye.; low rent. B. H. WELCH &
CO., 1383 Fifth aye.. East Oakland.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, installment home
builders and real estate agents. 1500 Park st.,
Alameda. Cal.
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
FOR SALE— Only $3500; new 7-room house; all
latest Improvements; near the university;
large lot; street work all done. JOSEPH
J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley station.
HERE Is a snap; house of 5 rooms; lot 40x135;
only IV4 blocks from electric car; within 6
blocks of Dwlght Station; price only $7. r >o.
O. «. MAY & CO.. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
ALTA PUNTA Tract again on the market:
prices reduced; on San Pablo aye.. 3 mllM
north of Berkeley; lots and by acreage; look
at this. Send for map to G. W. HAIGHT.
22» Sansome at.. 8. F.
FKUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
ATTENTION!
A new 5-room house; modern; gas; electric-
ity; large lot; 2 blocks from station; as rent;
$24 50 per month; no payment down.
8-ROOM modern house; lot 40x125; located on
Frultvule aye.; only $2800; small cash pay-
ment; easy terms; call and see this prop-
erty.
LOWRY. OWEN & CO.,
Frultvale Station.
A— FINE story-and-a-half, never occupied, con-
taining 7 rooms; large reception hall; bath;
laundry; 2 mantels; electric wires, etc.; large
lot; cement walks; located near Oakland
racetrack; this property is easily worth over
$3000. but the owner Is obliged to sell, and
an offer of even less than $2050 might buy It
If submitted at once.
$1650— Cottage of 5 rooms; high basement;
front and back porch; fruit trees: bearing;
good stable; 4 chicken houses; fine artesian
well, windmill and tank; lot 65x150; all renced.
$1275— New cottage of 4 large rooms; pantry;
closets; bath room; marble washstands; sta-
tionary tubs: 7-foot basement; lot 50x140; all
fenceii; near local train.
$1200 — House of 5 rooms and bath; barn;
chicken houses; fruit trees: lot 100x105; all
fencer?; 3 blocks from Frultvale station.
$250— S choice lots: siie 25x115 each: all fenced;
fine location; must be sold; cost owner $?CO.
H. A. FLEITNER. Frultvale Station. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. , j
A LIST of choice offerings:
$9000— Filbert st.; fine modern 12-room resi-
dence. , -
Magnificent home; ■ stylish; % superior
location.
$15,000, cost $25,000— Lakeside residence;
corner; estate ordered sold; only land value.
11000— $100 cash; $10 mo.; cottage nr. station.
$1350— Cottage, 5 rooms; between Market and
Broadway. . ' ■••-'■
Chicken ranch; 3 acres; foreclosure. •
* '1500— Mortgage, $1100; 6-room cottage; make
offer.
Mortgaged; ' 6-r. cottage; half-acre '. lot.
$2850— New 2-story 8-r.: mortgage, $2100; offer.
$3750— Elegant modern 7 rooms; Colonial style;
birds eye maple finish; central; near station.'
$4000— Just completed; elegant 9 rooms; 50x
168: central; builder bought lot at sacrifice;
worth $5000.- -, - .'■
Cottage 4 rooms, brick foundation; cost
$1400; near. station; must sell . this week.
$350— Lot 32x110; cost $650; owner called to
Ireland; authorized to sell: make offer.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460 and 462 Eighth St., Oakland.
TWO houses Park aye.. Emeryville terminus
of Santa Fe Railroad; trade for ranch. C.
K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
TWENTY acres Sonoma Valley; all cultivated;
tools, horse, wagons, new house, $2000. C.
K. KING, 902 • Broadway, Oakland.
6% ACRES HaywartJs; lft miles out of town;
$S00: very low. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway.
Oakland. •
BOARDING house for rent in East Oakland;
twenty-live rooms all nicely furnished; rea-
sonable rent to responsible party. - •
B. H. WELCH & CO..
1353 Fifth aye.. East Oakland.
TO LET— To druggist; corner store; good lo-
cation; In East Oakland; fixtures in store;
low rent to right party. i.-^.i
. B. H. WELCH & CO.,
'.-*. 1353 Fifth aye.. East Oakland.
PROBATE property adjacent to proposed "ter-
minus of Santa Fee Railroad," "New Ferry
System" and "Cross J Town Electric Car
Line"; this is positively the cheapest prop-
erty with best prospects now in the Oakland
market; it Is centrally located; make an
offer for choice of the entire estate, subject
to confirmation of Probate Court; all this
property will be withdrawn as soon as out-
standing claims are paid. Particulars on ap-
plication to RICHARD J. MONTGOMERY,
Executor estate of Margaret P. McCourthey,
deceased. Office "North Oakland Real Es-
tate Headquarters," 470 Thirteenth St.. Oakld.
$350— PAYABLE $5 monthly, will buy one of
those new 3-room cottages, with lot 60x125. or
4 rooms and bath, $750, $7 50 a month, in the
Alvln Tract; streets macadamized; take
Haywards local train to Elmhurst station
(trains stop in front of the Alvln Tract), or
Hay wards electric car to Jones aye. JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery St., S. F., or 463
Ninth st., Oakland. .
FOR SALE or rent; furnished or not; 8-room
modern • house. GARNETT, southeast corner
Vernon and Perry sts., Oakland; or base-
ment 602 Market st., San Francisco.
$5000— ELEGANT new residence; modern; nine
rooms; best residence part or city; reduced
from $8000: rented $40. Apply quickly. AL-
DEN-GARFIELD CO.. 902. Broad
$500,000 INCOME city property for sale.
200 ranches for sale and some for exchange.
Good comfortable houses from $1000 upward.
Fine bazaar doing good business; $4000; ex-
change for ranch.
Stamp brings 30-page illustrated catalogue. E.
E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway, Oakland.
BUY a home from this list:
New house; 8 rooms. $4000
Modern cottage; 6 rooms; near train 2750
Elegant home; 12 rooms; complete 5500
Fine cottage; near local train 2100
A. J. SAMUEL & CO.,
"468 Ninth St., Oakland.
$200— NEW 3-room cottage; chicken house; barn;
nicely fenced: fine well of water; 3 large lots;
price $6tO; balance $6 monthly; 45 families
now located in Allendale Settlement. East
Oakland; streets all graded: some macadam-
ized ; fine school and electric cars near; per-
fect drainage; site, soil and climate the very
best Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh
st , cor. Broadway, Oakland. Carriage free.
H. Z. JONES. Owner. ' . ■ •
25 ROOMS, all furnished: sell $350; give month's
rent free if buy the furniture. E. E. BUNCE,
SOS Broadway. Oakland. ...  • - '
$100 to loan: low Interest; private , offices;
private entrance. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
DO you want a home very cheap? Look! ! '.
I will sell No. 361 East Seventeenth St., Oak-
land, for $2650; a 9-room house, with stable
and 50-foot lot: 40 minutes from San Fran-
cisco; $800 cash: balance mortgage on prem-
ises; time to suit: belongs to a non-resident;
keys at 368 East Seventeenth, st. R. P.
SAKE ■■ ". -- ■..^-■!i-v.,. > v-,-'' -. _____
FOR sa> in Oakland— New house. 7 rooms and
bath: 2-ptnry; best construction and finish;
lot 40x125; fine neighborhood; 8 minutes from
railroad station; 30 minutes from San Fran-
cleco; monthly installments. HERON 4
HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway.
HOTEL FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Family hotel 76 rooms; corner: cen-
tral location; fine view; doing good business;
low rent: long lease. Inquire W. HEN-
DRICKSON. room 614. Claus Spreckela bldg.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES
CLEAN sunny S-room house; central $40: to
flrst-claßs tenant. "Home." Call. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats from $12 to $17; no dark
rooms: stove and porcelain bath: water and
ach man free; Adeline station. Oakland: key
at 940 Union St. KOENIG A KROLL, 1008
Browdwav.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
COMPLETELY furnished housekeeping rooms;
flats 3 or 4; also single. 1453-55 Broadway..
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good «nd cheap H Si'HKLlr
HAAS' rid «tr.|-P 4ft« Kl»v»nt>v «t ■ '« 1'"
HOUSES TO LET.
AT 26 Morris aye., off Harrison St., near Sixth-
Sunny 5 big-room house, good repair, $13;
wat«r free; big yard; big cellar. .
BUENA VISTA aye.. 449, Ash^ury Heights-
House, 12 rooms; elegant grounds. . ■ - ■
HANDSOME, painted, papered, modern; 6
sunny rooms; large garden; car lines. 1720
Fillmore st. -' T ■■?■<■"
HOUSE, 7 rooms, bath; large -ard; rent $15.
Apply 626 EdOy at. '•■■•■
HYDE, 1512— Sunny house of 7 rooms; nice
yard; $20. ■ ' '
NEW modern 6-room cottage: finished high
basement; rent $13 50. 4362 Seventeenth St.,
above Clara aye. ■ •■■■•■-
PERRY 208, near Fourth — rooms and yard;
rent $8; water free. Apply to G. H. UMB-
SEN & CO. ' ■' - •'
TAYLOR, 311— Furnished house 9 rooms, bath,
yard and basement; piano: good location; re-
sponsible parties only: Investigate.
$28—710 CA PP st. 9 rooms, bath.
$27 50—2423 California: 8 rooms, bath.
$25—2726 Mission; 9 rooms, bath.
$22—1011 Treat aye.; 7 rooms, bath; stable.
W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
$100,000 to loan; ladles' private entrance and
private offices at Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery. St. '■ ' _y _
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
NEW modern sunny flat, 7 rooms; will be new-
ly and handsomely furnished for party rent-
ing for six months: rent $75 per month;, one
10 rooms, $55; one 6 rooms, $05. For particu-
lars apply 322 Ellis st. ,
HOUSE of 5 rooms, stable pnd chicken houses;
low rent: water free. 521 Thirtieth st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A— Jl2 50* COZY 5 rooms, bath; yard; newly
painted. At A. M. SPECK & CO. "8. 602
Market st. •■ ' : : "-
BAY- WINDOW cottage .5 1 rooms, bath, back
and front parlor; , beautiful view. 2289 Fif-
teenth st. . ■' - ■ • - : : ;
COTTAGE of 4 sunny rooms and basement;
large yard; 2 chicken. houses, etc.; lft blocks
south from terminus of 2i)th-st. electric cars;
29 Harper st. ; rent $10 60, including water.
COTTAGE '- let, 5 rooms and bath; large
stable. 429 Grove st. • .-.
FOLSOM, 2326— Cottage, 7 rooms, bath; large
yard; rent $20. ' ' - '•'■*■' '- - -■•■- ' .•■■■■.• '■
NEW cottage,' 4 rooms. 3272 Folsom st.; high
basement; good yard; $10. , ..
2 COTTAGES.' 4 and 5 rooms: 155 and 159 Erie
«t near Folsom. between 13th ■ and 14th ; rent
to' suit times. ,; Apply on. premises. ■
«7_COTTAGE,' 4 nice rooms; off Cortland aye.
. ; Apply 360 Jessie st. ;. : ■•.■:. ;:.'"• • .. :.;;••:
$11 50— COTTAGE. 4•■ rooms, cellar, - yard, i 468
. Linden aye., near Hayes and ' Laguna sts. '
FURNISHED FLATS. . •
SMALL flat, 4 sunny rooms; nicely furnished.
1522- Geary st. <:■■■.-■■:-"• ;■■■■■.- ■■-.-■•.■ ..■■.■.■; .
" FLATS VTO LET. ~~~;
X— BRAND new flats, 6 rooms, porcelain bath,
etc., $20. :At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S. -603
, Market st. ,v -, :: V:: ;.-;.* v.;--. :•""■:, ;-C- ;,"'J
APPRECIATED if seen; $20; water free; north-
west corner Erie aria Howard, nr. 13th ; ; 7 big-
rooms and porch; flooded with sunshine. <
FLATS TO LKT— Continued.
A— SUNNY modern bay-window flat. 6 rooms
and bath; rent $16. 215S Mission, north of 18th.
DORE, 319, between Bryant and Brannan— Sun-
ny flat, first floor, 4 rooms; rent $8.
FILLMORE, 2216 ft— Elegant new decorated flat
of 5 large rooms and bath; rent $22 50. BURN-
HAM & MARSH CO., 20 Montgomery st.
FINE corner flat of 5 rooms; modern improve-
ments. Southwest cor. 23d and Hampshire.
FIiAT of 3 rooms; yard and basement; rent
reasonable. 13 San Carlos aye.
FLAT, 5 rooms and bath; rent reasonable;
water free. 122 ft Noejst.
FLATS, Second St., $14; cottage, Rincon aye.,
cheap. Key cor. Second st. and Rincon aye.
i FLAT 5 rooms, bath, yard, modern Improve-
ments. 119' ft Chattanooga st.
FLAT of 5 roomß. 230 ft Langton St.; rent
cheap.
FLAT 3 rooms; large yard and stable. 2 Hay-
ward Bt., off Harrison, near Eighth. __
FLAT of 5 rooms and »»**• with stable. 132
Henry St., near Noe. ____
FRANKLIN, 525, near McAllister— Lower flat,
3 rooms; cheap rent.
GEARY, 1917— 520; 4 comfortable rooms; bath;
2 beds; 2 stoves: gas. coal; all necessaries.
GEARY, 2287— Upper Cat, 3 rooms and bath;
rent $12; water free.
HAIGHT, 1787, near Park— Sunny modern flat,
G rooms; bath; cheap.
HAVES, 539- Branch office of The Call. Sub-
acriptl'ona and ads taken.
LEAVEN WORTH. 1519— Flat of 5 rooms; gas
and bath; rent $16.
LOWER flat 6 rooms and bath: reduced to $16.
3M Thirteenth st., near Howard.
MISSION— Modern flat. 6 rsns. bath; washtubs;
water; $16 60. Burnham- Marsh. 20 Montgmy.
NINETEENTH, 3542— Elegant corner flat;
sunny belt of Mission: basement and yard; 6
rooms; bath; reasonable.
PAGE, 211 ft, between Octavla and Laguna—
Flat of 5 rooms and, bath; all modern im-
provements^
PEARL, 27, off Market, near Valencia— slo;
lower flat of 4 sunny rooms.
RENT reduced to $12: 536 A Sixth, 2 flats, 5 rms.,
bath; 4 rooms; hall; mantel; large yard.
SCOTT. 2036, corner Sacramento— Modern 7
rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
SUNNY upper flat. 6 rooms and bath. 1012 ft
Thirteenth st., near Scott.
SUNNY upper flat, 7 rooms; newly painted and
papered. 1150 Mission St., near Seventh; $18.
TO let— Rent reduced to $14; 5 rooms and bath;
1609 ft Howard. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
TWENTY-FIRST, 3217, near Mission— Lower
flat, 4 rooms: rent $12.
U.VION. 1336— Marine view; flat, 5 rooms, $15;
cottage, 3 rooms, $10.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flappole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$I'}— LOWER flat, near Miesion and Third ets.
Apply 15 Grant aye.
$12 50— 3-ROOM flat, with bath. $22 60: 5-room up-
per flat. 12f, Aeh aye.. between Polk, Van
Ness, McAllister and Fulton.
$35—3130 WASHINGTON; 8 rooms, bath; very
sunny; electric gas lighting.
$22 50—2516 Mission st. ; 6 rooms, bath.
$21—123 Hermann; corner; 5 rooms, bath.
$20—1166 Bryant; 6 rooms, bath.
$20—1807 Eddy; 4 rooms, bath.
I $17 50—1916 Mason; 5 rooms, bath.
: $17—207 Second; 7 roome.
! $16—1845 Union: 6 rooms, hath.
$16— ltth and Howard; 5 rooms.
$15— lift McLea court; 5 rooms, bath.
$14—2416 Mission; 4 rooms bath.
W. H. CRIM & CO., US Montgomery St.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, watches: lowratei;
private offices. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
j AT 245 Eighth— Sunny unfurnished rooms, $S
mo.; furnished, $6 mo.; also housekpg cheap.
! BRYANT, 1101, cor. 9th— 3 front rooms; com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping: cheap.
1 BUCHANAN. 602, comer Fell— 2 parlors with.
j kitchens, $12; per suite, all, $2».
CASTRO and Twentieth sts.— Pick your room
In the 3-story sur.ny house; cheap rent. See
ISAACS. 240 Montgomery St.
I CLAY, 1632—2 nicely furnlshea rooms, suitable
for housekeeping; cheap rent.
EDDY, 207— Large front room complete for
housekeeping: bath and gas: respectable.
' EDDY, 473 (42T>— Large nicely furnished front
room: two closets with kitchen adjoining If
j desired: gas range.
! ELLIS, 632 — 4 sunny unfurnished rooms; call
1 to 4.
I FELL 452— Furnished sunny front room, use
kitchen, $8; single rm.. $4; no other roomers.
FIFTH, 221 — Housekeeping rooms; also corner
room with 2 beds; others; sunny.
I FOLSOM, 810—2 sunny rooms; 1 sunny front
room, with kitchen attached, complete for
i housekeeping; no children; rent $10.
FOLSOM, 1585—3 or 4 furnished housekeeping
rooms, with bath; parlor floor.
FOLSOM, 2848—3 or 4 unfurnished housekeep-
ing rooms; paa stove; cheap without children.
FOURTH, 224— Nicely furnished sunny front
suite for housekeeping; single rooms; reason-
able; also newly furn. single rms at 244 6th.
GEARY, 1817— $20; 4 comfortable rooms: bath:
2 beds; 2 stoves; gas, coal; all necessaries.
GROVE, 32— Nice sunny front housekeeping
rooms; bath; yard; cheap.
HARRISON. 784ft— 2 or 3 finely furnished
rooms; bath; complete for housekeeping;
quiet home: cheap.
HOWARD. 525— Front rooms for housekeeping;
completely furnished; stove; running water.
HOWARD, 759— t n.ce sunny rooms; house-
keeping or single; cheapeßt In town.
HOWARD. 761 ft— Nicely furnished sunny suite
with kitchen; others; reasonable.
HOWARD 805ft — Sunny furnished back and
front rooms; hot and cold water; $10 and $12.
HOWARD, 1068— Newly furnished sunny rooms,
single or housekeeping; $4 per month up.
JESSIE. 439, bet. 6th and 6th— 3 sunny connect-
ing rooms furnished complete for housekeep-
ing; modern; $14.
KEARNY, near gutter — S unfurnished front
rooms; gaa free; cheap. Apply 15 Grant aye.
LAGUNA 1205—2 sunny unfurnished rooms and
bath. $7.
LARKIN, 613— Neatly furnished sunny rooms
and kitchen: complete for housekeeping.
LARKIN. 804— I^arge sunny front room, nicely
furnished, $8; light housekping small rm., $4.
MISSION. 889— Suite complete for housekeeping;
$3; single rooms. $1.
I MISSION, 1125 ft— Large front room, furnished
for housekeeping, $9.
MISSION, 1129 — Clean sunny rooms, housekeep-
ing and others. $8 and $10.
OAK, 119—1 large sunny front room complete
for housekeeping. $8; also 1 unfurnished, $4.
PINE, ISO6 — 2 small sunny connecting rooms
for light housekeeping, $10; references.
POLK, 608. nr. Eddy— 2 or 4 unfurnished sunny
housekeepg rooms; prl. family; fine location.
POST BOB— Furnished rooms; sunny light house-
keeping; gas; running water; single room;
cheap.
SHIPLEY, 261 — I housekeeping rooms In good
order, $6; no children; no dogs.
BHOTWELL, 324. bet. 17th and 18th— 2 newly
furnished rooms for housekeeping.
SIXTH, 216 ft— Sunny front suite complete for
light hkp"' also sunny kitchen; com.; reas.
SIXTH. 420— An elegant front sunny suite;
housekeeping rooms and others.
EIXTH. 632ft— 3 sunny rooms furnished for
housekeeping; large
ioUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping; rent $9^
TAYLOR, 238— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
bath, yard; light housekeeping; good location.
TEHAMA, 62, near Second— Lower part of
house, 8 large rooms, $9; good order.
TEHAMA, 728— Furnished rooms for light
housekeeping, $6 and $7 per month; also sin-
gle rooms: cheap.
! THE Piedmont. 119 A Sixth Bt.— 2 or 2 rooms;
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
THIRD, 309 — Sunny rooms; complete for house-
keeping; from $6 to $S a month.
THIRD, 508— Light housekeeping rooms.
TWELFTH, 230 C — Large sunny housekeeping
room; use of kitchen; private family.
VAN NESS aye., 233, corner building— Newly
renovated and completely furnished suites:
with gas range.
VAN NESS aye.. 618— 2 eunny completely fur-
nished housekeeping rooms, $10.
2 FURNISHED rooms; light housekeeping If
desired. Box 1066. Call office^
S GOOD large unfurnished rooms; cheap. In-
quire 561 Sixth St., In rear.
$100,000 to loan on sealskins, diamonds and jew-
clrv: low Interest, Unrip Harrln. 15 Grant aye.
BICYCLES.
BECONd'haND bicycles, from $9 up; new~gTri?
wheels, $18; new 1897 high grade $100 bicycle
for $29; new tires, $2: new-pedals. $1 25 a pair;
repairing. JOSEPH HOLLE, 20th and Folsom.
ROOMS TO ■ LET. > . .
AT- Hyde, « 609, j Sutter, 8 717-719— Sunny; ; choice;
reasonable; appreciated if ,; seen. ; ;.. •- . .... -. •
AT 62 Second— Nice • single, double .and light
housekpg. rms.; wk.' $1 to $2 50: day 25c to 50c.
ARLINGTON- House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite or single; nrat-clas<»
In every respect; terms reasonable. :--.;■
BALBOA The 1049 A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 50c. suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited: elev tr. tel.
BUSH, 706— Two sunny rooms, front and side,
neatly furnished. $8 and $6.
BUSH, 1124— Best and - cheapest rooms In city;
bath, running water; ■$8 up. -'v. . - -■
CITY HALL place, -1. - off McAllister,, near
. Larkln— Two nice large -. sunny, unfurnished
rooms to . let. ■: ' ~ ■ :i: : ■-:. .-.-: '.-■■ -
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Sunny suites
and single rooms; prices reasonable. • *' : ■-
DELAWARE, 1433 Furnished ' or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8. $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Sunny pleasant rooms; very rea-
sonable; ' also for housekeeping. .- ,. ■ '.;-;
EDDY. Nice 'sunny furnished room;
vate family; reasonable. . . ■*
ELLIS, 611— Sunny alcove room, suitable • for
two; also double room; reasonable. ■•
FIFTH. 822— $1 week; large sunny single fur-
nished room; closet; bath; private.
FOLSOM. 776>4— Two nicely furnished rooms to
let cheap. .-....■ .
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny front room suites;
double, single; privilege light housekeeping. ■
GEARY, Newly furnished sunny bay-win-
dow rooms; central; reasonable; corner flat.
GLOBIs House, 821 Howard— Per night. 25c to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading room. Howard cars.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission — sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families. ; .
HAIGHT, 642— Part of a sunny flat; ' 2, 3 or "5
rooms; unfurnished; rent reasonable. .
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $150 to $6 per week. ■
HASKELL. The, 121 Powell Cheap neat
light sunny rooms; transients; gents preferd.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
suites and singl. rms. ; trasient. Mrs. J. King.
HOWARD, 759—3 nicely furnished rooms. .
KEARNY, 104— Front suite 3 unfurnished
rooms; *10. • : . .: ; . ;
LANGTON. 230»*— Flat of 3 furnished rooms.
LITTLE PALACE, 23 and 25 Third— Sunny
white rooms; white gaslights; $2 to S3 a week.
LOCUST aye., 125. . off Van Ness, near Mc-
Single front room $1 25 per week.
MARKET, Changed hands; suites or sin-
gle; reas. MRS. KITTY DOWNING, Prop..
MASON, Single front sunny furnished
rooms, bath and gas; also front parlor: rsble.
MCALLISTER, 521, near Van Ness— Fine front
furnished room for single man. , . ■
MINNA, 2S— Sunny furnished front basement,
suitable for two or three men, $1 75 per week.
MINNA, 439, between Fifth and Sixth—
furnished rooms to let. ■■■."■' :.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1511%— Large sunny room; gas and
bath; rent cheap. • ■
MISSION, 1235— Sunny furnished room for gen-
tleman, $3 50 month; call Sunday..
MISSION. 1520— Furnished rooms. .
— — - |
MISSION, 952— Large . sunny rooms reasonable.
OAK, Nicely furnished front room; grate;
private family; reasonable. .
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or. month.
PAGE, 802, comer Pierce — Sunny corner rooms;
gas; bath; running water; private family;
reasonable. : : '-. - V •- ■-
POST. Newly > furnished single and double
. rooms; sunny; gas, bath; quiet neighborhood.
POST, 910—2 front rooms; running water; closet; :
$6 50, $8 50; gentlemen; private flat. ' . ;
POST, 1582—2 sunny front rooms; large closet.
POWELL. 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms; reasonable. ;
SEVENTH. " 192, near Howard • (Girard House)—
Sunny * rooms; . reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
1 near Furnished and unfurnished.
6HOTWELL, Sunny furnished front room
and bath; $3 50 per month.
SHOTWELL, Room furnished or unfur-
nlshed. $3. - . " " . -
SOUTH PARK, 54— Large sunny front room j
furnished suitable for two gents; call after 6
p. »»•___ . ..,  !
SUTTER, 309— Pleasant sunny . rooms: large j
and small ;. nicely furnished; terms reasonable, j
BUTTER, 426, near Powell— Unfurnished or fur-
nished room.
SUTTER, Nicely furnished rooms, Bingle
or en suite; very reasonable; also housekpg.
SUTTER, 1148, corner Polk— furnished
sunny suites and single; also suite for doc-
tor's office. ■
TAYLOR, Newly furnished front sunny j
rooms; bath and gas; ■ and $12. !
TAYLOR, •- 624— Furnished bay-window and
corner rooms; others ; all sunny. ■
TAYLOR, 703— Nice Bunny parlor suite or sin- j
gle room; reasonable. . • . j
THE BRUNSWICK, 148 Sixth St., corner How-
ard—Best appointed; centrally located; rooms
en suite or single, 25c to $1 night; $1 25 to $5
week; open all night; Howard st. cars pass !
house direct from all boats and trains.
TREMONT House. 1773 Market St., opp.Gough—
House newly furnished: single rooms or suites;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
TURK, 126— Furnished room suitable for gentle-
man, $5 per month.
TURK, 132— Nicely furnished rooms; transient
accommodated; reasonable.
TURK. 524— Small . sunny front room for lady; |
private family;, references. <
TURK, 1418— Newly furnished back parlor; large j
closet, gas, bath; $8 per month.
TWENTY-FIRST. Furnished or unfur- .
nlshed rooms to rent .
TWENTY-FIRST. — Sunny furnished room,
bath, $5; meals next door. ,
VAN NESS aye., . 9— Handsome sunny bay-
window alcove: private residence; modern
conveniences; terms low. .-■■.,.
VAN" NESS ' aye., 604— Newly furnished con- i
necting housekeeping rooms and other r»oms;
modern Improvements; rent reasonable.
$100 000 to loan on silverware, oil paintings a_d
pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
ROOMS AND BOARD. ~~
ABBOTSFORD, The—
Broadway and Polk Quiet, homelike; terms
moderate; board optional; all cars direct.
BOARDING houses find it to their advantage
to buy meat at the Bay City Market. ■ .
EDDY, Nicely furnished room; running
water; suitable for 2; good board. ■
GOLDEN GATE, 334— Sunny alcove for two or
more: board: private family.
HOWARD. 2606, near Twenty-second— Large
sunny room with board: ■ large closet and
grate; also unusually sunny room; board; rea.
"IRVING." . 1070 Valencia Bright, sunny
rooms; large grounds; with board; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant room for 2 geritle-
- men; home cooking; parlor, piano: $22 50 each.
SUNNY corner suite: also. another room;, rent
reasonable. 1603 Sacramento St., cor. Larkln.
TWENTY-FIRST. 3392, : corner ' Guerrero— Pri-
vate • boarding-house ; ; ' sunny * rooms, newly
furnished.*. ...'.'_ . '_' .'..'..' ■,""."■.- ..''" -
VAN NESS Private family w.th elegantly
furnished . home... having : unoccupied rooms,
will accommodate a select few; no children;
board excellent ; . , conveniences ' exceptional;
location .choice: -references . required. Excel-
lent. box 1324, Call. >•„ -,■;■•-■< ,^-g'- t ..r.v.- ..
VAN NESS aye.. BlS— Sunny . furnished suites
and single rooms; first-class table-board.:.
$100,000 to loan on stocks, bonds and : warehouse
receipts. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. - >
■ CHILDREN BOARDED. • ' '.
WIDOW would like. 2 children to board; fur-
. nished room for parent. 61 Clara irt. c . -
REFINED lady wishes to board a child; moth-
er's care. Box 1068. Call office. - f ■■■ . ■ '■■"_•
GERMAN widow would l.ke few children- to
board; good home. 37 Dewolf st., station L. ■
~~. ... ■■ ; OFFICES TO LET. _ ■ ■„ . - .
DESK room in nice sunny , of floe; ' 'centrally
. located. $«.« Box 1363, Call office. -- ; — -■*■
1 »MA bPRECKELS > building. 527 Market St.,
light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $13 60
.to $20. ABHTON A GARDINER, room 210.
..-. ■->:.■"■ .:■ V -: storage.' .■/'"'■^':\ •.:■?•:'•--
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel.. Main, 67tf.
ELEVENTH, 108— Branch office of Th» ■'. Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. :> "' -.-••■ -
STORES TO LET.
BAKERY and 3 living rooms; large basement
and oven: rent $20, formerly $40. HOOKER &
LENT. -14 Post st. .-■■ ■;■■>:■•>: :...'i;:>:,;; '
CORNER store and basement, suitable for _ro-
- eery, and 4 rooms if required. 940 Oak st. :'■•••"•
COR. store, 2822 Mission: 7. yrs. ,as saloon;
cheap; store cor. Lafayette and Howard; fixt-
ures for saloon. Apply . 2538 Mission st:, \ : ,
$70—277 O'FARRELL; store, rooms and base-
ment •■-:;- -■■ ,> ..... ";.,;. ;. _..-r ■"
$22 — Corner 15th and Howard, with 2 rooms.
$20— Corner 23d and Florida, with 4 rooms. j
SIS— S64 Geary, with 1 large . room. ■-■ -^.V
$15— 161- First, with 1 room. -■ ■ ■ >:..'.
W. H. TRIM & C 0... 113 Montgomery at.
IUKRIAGB LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as .follows!
George B. Larsen and Ada 811neau.......!22-23
Baptlste Dupouy and Vlronolque Mazeres.2s-20
George J. Contchot and Julia G1raud.'...:.. 25-24
John F. Trippe and Helen 8e1eh1e.. ...... 30-41
Harry E. Corwin and May J. Welsh; 21-13
Harry Miller and Ida Reimhardt :..... .26-21
Donald J. McDonell and Mary Quill ....... ;45-3il
Charles W. Gardner and Mary Stanley.... \:.2S<-28
Richard Weller and Martha Grundles..... T 59-39
James W. Barnes and Mary A. 5pear...... 25-25
Frank P. Kin" and Mary C, Vairtz ...40-23
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHi ;
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and b»
Indorsed with" the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. ■
BORN.
AULD— In. this city, October 25. 1898. to the
wife of H. L. Auld, a daughter;
BUCHMAN— this city, October 25. 1858, to
the wife of M. Buchman, a daughter.' '•'■■
CALDWELL— In this city. October 7. ISSS, to
. the wife of Judge William Caldwell. a daugh-
ter. .....:> ■ . . ... '■- '.-}; i
CONE— In this city, October : 20, . 1893, to the
- wife of James E. Cone, a son. '
DOBLEMAN— In this city. October 24, 1898, to .
the wife of David Dobleman, a son. ■
DONOVAN— In this city. October 16. IS9S, to
the wife of C. F. Donovan, a daughter. .
GEIB— In this city, October 24. IS9S. to the
wife of Edward H. Geib. a son. r ; .
HASLETT— In this city, October 26, 1898. to
the wife of David' Haslett, a daughter.
JORDAN— In this city, October 24. ISPS; to tße
wife of John Jordan (nee Mulligan), a son. -
KROTOSZYNER— this city, October '27.. 1898,
to the wife of Dr. Martin Krotdszyner, a
daughter. . '
LEE— In this city. October 12, 1898, to the ( wife
of Chris Lee. a son. . ,"-"-'-- J
McDERMOTT— In this city. October 27. IS9B, to
the wife of B. J. McDermott, a daughter.
McGIVNEY— In this, city, October 28. 1898. to
the wife of J. T. McGlvney. a daughter.
MARTIN— In this city, October" 27, 1898, to .the
wife of Frank Martin, a son. ., ... '■
NOLTE— In this city, October 25, lS9S,'to tha
wife of Otto Nolte, a son. •■ -, • .
SMITH— In this city, October 22, ISOS.-to the
wife of Sydney .F. Smith, a daughter.
THOMSON— In . this city, October 19. 1898. to
the wife of Ernest Thomson, a daughter.
WALCOTT— In this city, October 23, 1898, to
the wife of Ed P. Walcott. a son. , ..
WIRE— In this city, October 28. 1898,- to tha
wife of Thomas F. Wise, a daughter. --■■-
, ; ' ;; married. ";,.-./' J
ANDERSON— IMMEL— In' this" city, ; October 2.
1898, by the Rev. Dr. 'Charles Edward Locke;
Frederick Anderson and '.'Alice. <. M. ; Immel.
both of San Francisco. . ' !,'' '•' .' '
BOSE— In this city. October IS. 1898;
by the Rev.. Dr. Charles Edward Fred-
. crick D. Bose and Maude A. Lord, both of
San Francisco. : .• •-:■.. • • .• .':•.-.
BUTLER— MORENO— In this city. July 27, 1893.
Percy Bennett Butler and Agnes Philomena
Moreno. :rVr;iI"::: r V r;iI ": : ' " ' '"' .;
GARDINER— In this city, October
29. IS9B, by the Rev. John A. B. -Wilson. D.D.,
Charles W. Gardiner and Mary A. Stanley,
both of San Francisco.
HUMPHRIES— STORMFIELD — In this city.
October 22, 1898, by the' Rev. Dr. Charles Ed-
ward Locke, Fred Humphries of Williams-
town, Kans., and Mary E. . Stormfleld .of San
Francisco. , . . - r-' '. ' . . : ''".' '\r~
LOVERIDGE— SHERIDAN— In this city, Octo-
ber 19, 1898, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward
Locke, Richard Loveridge and Emily : E.
Sheridan, both of San ' Francisco. ■ ■■ ■- .:•.
M'GLEW— GARRETT— this city. October 25.
1898. by the "■ Rev;- J. J. Prendergast, John B.
M'Glew and Helen A. Garrett.
POINTON— LOHMAN— this city. October 20,
j 1898, . by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Locke.
Arthur M. Potnton and May H. ■ Lohman,
both of San Francisco, . •> -'-:•>•;'
NORTON— In - San Rafael. October 27.
1898, by the Rev. William Marshall. Albert
Rowe and Pauline B. Norton, both of .San
Francisco. y.;-....- " \ '.J.;... •.' ••'":/.;
• STENT— BURNHAM— In this city, October 19.
1898, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Locke.
Earnest A":. Stent and Violet Maud Bumham,
both. of San Francisco. . •
TOY— HAMILTON— In this city. October 9. 1898.
by the Rev. . Dr. Charles Edward Locke. Ed-
' ward Toy and Edna Hamilton, both of San •
Francisco. ■ . ■ .- ;
YOUNG— WALSH— In this city. October 6. 1898.
by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward. . Locke.
George H. Young and Bertha Walsh, . both of
San Francisco.' 1 • „; „■-.•
■..■.. . • •_.::■.■-. DIED, •■l- ■._-.■: ■..;.:-.■:•_ ■■
Boge, Maria C. F ' ' Mcßride,' Michael J.
Curry, Lillle A. - • McDonnell, ■ Michael
Doherty, Mrs. Mary * McLachlan. "Peter S.
Dournon, Catherine ■■ Mathewson Elizabeth
Fields, Elizabeth J. Meyerstein, Henry .»
Gleason, Clara . Paulson. Johanna.
Hogan," Mary r ' Prior,' f Mrs. Catherine.
Hughes, John Reese, Conrad ■ ■.- •■'*_• :j
Johnsen, Arthur M. an. Kate • ,-
Kenney, John . - Scnall, Ignatius .
Lajnburth, Elizabeth Eheedy," James J.
Lewis, Theresa • . Smith. Daniel J. •
Lindemann, Fritz ; . Thomsen. ■ Ingrid A. j
Lynian, Beatrice E. Vogel. John
BOGE— In this city, October • 20, 1898, Maria
Christina Bo_e, beloved mother, of Carl.
Phillip and Jasper Boge.. a native of,Schles-
wig, Germany, aged 71 years. .' • ".:.::;
ICTFuneral services will be held- to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the residence of her
son, 67 Wood street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. ■■ ■ -.■;•' :"•'.•: . ..:-..-■
CURRY— this city. October 28. 1898. Llllle
Alice, beloved wife of C. F. Curry, mother
of Florence A. and C. F. Curry Jr.. daughter
of Mrs. S. A. Hutchinson, and sister of Flor-
ence E. Siperly, a native of California. (Butto
County papers please copy.) ; V-v-v-VvSg
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend, the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the
Westminster Presbyterian Church, earner of
Page and Webster streets. . Interment pri-
vate.
DOHERTY— In Valley Ford. October .W..lS9B.
Mrs. Mary Doherty, beloved mother of Mrs.
J. Dowling'and T. Doherty of San Francisco,
and grandmother of J. J. and J. V. Doherty.
Mr«. McCormack and Francis, • Louis. Annio
and • Isabella ■: Dohertv. a. native of County
Kerry, Ireland, ased 84 years. .' -: ; .-. ■■
C?" Notice of funeral In Monday's paper. . . .
DOURNON— In , this city. October \ 2. ISSS,
Catherine Dournon, a native of Ireland, aged
75 years. ' '■'. '. ■ ... ;.'..'.. '..:;........•''
FIELDS— In this city. Elizabeth' Jane, beloved
■ wife of Dennis Fields, mother of Willie, .Mag-
gie and Madeline Fields, and sister of James
Adema, a native of San Francisco, aged 23
years and 4 months. . ■„  _■
GALLAGHER— In this city, October 29. 1898,
Joseph, beloved husband of Bridget Gallagher,
and father of James, Joseph. William. Frank
and the late Mary' Gallagher, a native of
the parish of Dronard, County Sligo, Ireland,
aged 70 years..
GLEASON— In this city, October, 27 189S, Clara,
beloved daughter of P. F. and the late Cath-
erine C. Gleason, . a native of San Francisco,
aged 5 years and 22 days. . \ . ..;.„,
(C7" The '■. funeral will take place ', this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residenca t
of her father, 3075 Twenty-fifth street, corner
of Harrison... lnterment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOGAN— In this city, r October 23, 1898.- Mary
Hogan, a native of Ireland, aged, ss years.
HUGHES— this city, October 18. ■ 1398. John
Hughes, a native of Wales, aged 74 years.
JOHNSEN— To this city.-" October 29, '1898, Ar-
thur Martin. beloved son of Adolph and Marfa
Johnsen and brother, of Oscar .Johnsen, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 3 months and 8
day*. . . • .-.., •'•.-. ■'■■■'.• ■'■'■- ■'■'.'■
KENNEY— In the City and County Hospital,
October 28. 1898, John Kenney, - a native of .
New York. aged 35 years. - . - . * . < ,
LAMBURTH— this city, October T>. ISSB.
Elizabeth, beloved wife of A. Lamburth, and
beloved v mother of • Walter Cassias and Mrs.
W. Dempsey, .a : native of. County Kilkenny,
Ireland, aged 70 years. ;-. '.. "'- ..' ; . :
Notice of funeral, hereafter. . ■ \ ...A'..;.,
LEWIS— in this city. October 27, .898, Theresa,
■ ■ belovfed J wife of Harry J. • Lewis, and : sister
of ' Lottie and Delia .Dwyer, . Mrs/ McMahon
and .Mrs. ■ William^Dtnan,' a native- of San
Francisco, aged 23 -years. . • •> -
■ [CT'The : funeral will take place . this -day
(Sunday), at 8:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
" dence 1769 Stockton > street, \ thence to St.
Francis ' Church, where a solemn requiem
mass wHI celebrated for the repose of her
soul, 'commencing at 8:45 o'clock, interment
Holy ; Cross ; Cemetery. ■ " ■---: . -■ -^
LIN" DEM ANN— this ' city, : October : 27, ■ 1893.
Fritz Lindemann, ■' dearly ' beloved • brother of;
John Lindemann, and cousin of Clans Linde-
mann and Mrs. Valentine Balz, a native of
' Barmstedt. v Holsteln, Germany, 'aged 47 years
2 months and 4 days. "" ■>*■■ ". ";;.^
(TTFrienrls and acquaintances are 1 respect-
fully invited -to attend -the funeral J this, day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence of
his cousin, : Claus - Lfndemann, 222 Twenty- .
ninth street,;. between Church and Dolores.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Please
omit flowers. : ' . ' ".
LYMAN— in this city, October 29. 1898, Beat rlc»
Elmore .Lyman, a ; native of San . Francisco,
aeed 3 years..'-'—' •- ' .'.'.' /'■•'."■'
McBRIDE— In this city. October 23. IS9S.' Mich-
ael • Joseph,- beloved husband iof , Ellen Mc-
Bride, and father of Matthew, 5 Lizzie. Elsie. ,
Michael and Louisa Mcßrlde. j Mrs.. TV. r; S.
Lewis an 4 . Mrs. O. -Walton.- a native of
County ■ Roscommon,': « lreland, S aged 'Sl - years
and 10 months. .- (Virginia City, Nev- and
' New "York papers please copy.)
ICjrFrlends and • acquaintances are respect-
'"'. fully Invited : to attend -tKe; funeral this * day
.'-."■'- '■'' '. ' ; ' '■■.
1314
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 39 Ringold street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn reuuiem mass
■will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 8 o'clock. Intermmt Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MCDONNELL— In this city. October 28, 1898. at
his residence. 2636 M: Sutter street, Michael,
dearly beloved husband of Kate McDonnell,
and brother-in-law of Mrs. T. Brady and
Mrs. T. O'Connor, a nat.ve of County Ros-
common. Ireland, aged 55 years.
A. O. H.. DIVISION NO. 2— Officers and mem-
bers of this division are nereby notified to
meet at Hibernla Hall, "20 Ninth street,
this day (Sunday), at 9 o'clock sharp, to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother, Michael
McDonnell. By order of
BARTLKY LEE, Pres.
T. L. CLANCY, Rec. Sec.
iIcLACHLAX— In Berkeley, October 27. IS9B.
Peter S. McLachlan, brother of Mrs. C. Cle-
phane, a native of Glasgow, s tland.
|C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from he residence of
his brother-in-law. William Clephane. 2135
Oregon street, Berkeley. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland.
MATHEWSON*— In this city, October 26, 189S,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Frank Mathew-
Bon, and mother of William and Frank
Mathewnon, a native of Pawtucket, R. 1.,
aged 36 years. -^
E7"Friends and acquaintances and members
of Mizi.ah Circle No. 100, C. of F. of A.,
are respectfully Invited ta nttend the funeral
this day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her
late residence, 614 Eighteenth street, near
Kentucky. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
MEYERSTEIN— In Los Angeles. Cal.. October
26, IS9B, Henry, beloved husband of Fannie
Meyerstein, father of Joseph, Emanuel,
Charles. Jacob, Mamie, Hattie and Edith
Meyerstein. and brother of Lewis Meyerstein
of San Francisco, a native of Germany.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morruw (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at H23
Geary street, between Octavla and Laguna.
Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by
train leaving Third and Townser.d streets at
3:30 o'clock.
PAULSON— In this city, October 28, 1898, Jo-
hanna Paulson, a native of Sweden, aged 44
years.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
PRIOR —At Colma. San Mateo County.
October 2S, 1898. Mrs. Catherine, relict of the
lnte Charles Prior, sister of Cornelius Guinee.
and aunt of Henry Smith, a native of Kil-
brin. County Cork. Ireland. : feed 74 years.
iryFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:3(1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Colma. San Mateo County, thence to
St. Ann's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
REESE— In this city. October 29, IS9B. Conrad
Reese, beloved father of Conrad, Christian,
Otto. Roste, Andrew. Nettie, Johnnie and
Sarah Reese, a native of Germany, aged 72
years.
in^-Remains at the oarlors of the Golden
Gate Undertaking Company. 2429 Mission
street, near Twenty-first.
RYAN— In this city, October 29, 1898, Kate,
dearly beloved wife of Patrick Ryan, a na-
tive of County Galway, Ireland.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday}, at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, TA2 Howard street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will he celebrated for the rer«se of her SOUL
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BCHALL— In this city, October 29. IS9S. Igna-
tius Schall, beloved brother of Mrs. W.
Schussler, and uncle of Mrs. W. Petersen.
Mrs. L. Hechtel and Frank and Fred Schuss-
ler, a native of Baden, Germany, aged 6S
years.
BHEEDT— In this city. October 2R. 1 <!»<?. James
Joseph, beloved son of John and Ellen
Sheedy, and grandson of Bridget i'lancy of
Ocean View, a native of San Francisco, aged
16 years 2 months and 12 days.
(T7"The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from 13S Linden
avenue.
SMITH-In .his city. October 29, 1898, at the
residence of his parents, Daniel J.. beloved
urn ot Fred 6. and Mary Bmitfi, and brother
of Fred, George. Lottie and Charlie Smith, a
native of San Francisco, 4 months and
11 days.
THOMSEN— In this city. October 2S. ISSS, In-
grld Anna, dearly beloved and only daughter
ad Anna Thomsen. a native of San
Francisco, ac<*d 9 months.
L— ln this city, October 26. ISSS, John,
beloved husband of Caroline Vugel. and
brother of Mrs. Margarethe Sagou, a nativ-;
of Bavaria, Germany, aged 53 years 3 months
and 23 days.
C?"Friendfl and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday*, at 1' o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1819 Mason street, between Union and
Filbert, thence to Eintracht I.all. 237 Twelfth
smet, near Folsom, where the .'uneral serv-
ices will be held under the ausdees of
Verein Eintracht at 2 o'clock, thence to I. O.
O. F. Cemetery fur cremation.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER.
FUNERAL DIKKCTOKS <fc KiIKAL.JiERB I
20 lIFTH ST., opp. Linooln Scjml.
Telepnme. South 80. 9
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, October 29.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 50% hours
from Portland, via Astoria 4(>v hours.
.-tmr Pomona, Parsons, 17 hours from Eu
reka.
Sehr Western Home, Nillsson. 5 days from
Co. = Bay.
.^.-hr Mary Etta, Nyman, 32 hours from
Fl*ks Mill.
Una, Haskins, 12 hours from Moss
Landing.
SAILED.
Saturday, October 29.
Stmr George Loomls, Bridfrett, Ventura.
Stmr Mineola, David, '"aeoma.
SPOKEN.
Pet 26— Lot 41 N. long 4 W, Br ship Rlvers
dsle, from Hamburg, for Pan Frar.' J
Per Pomona — Oct 28— Lat 40 11 N. lung 124 24
W. stmr South Coast x-ith wchr Lizzie Vance
in tow. hence Oct 21;. for Eureka.
DOMESTIC POUTS.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 29— Schr Annie M
Campbell, from Honolulu.
I'o].\T ARENA— Arrived Oct 29— Stmr Alca
zar. hence Oft 28.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Oct 29— Bktn Cath
erine Sudden, hence Oct IS.
GRAYS HARBOR- Sailed Oct 2R— Schr Hal
cyon, for San Pedro; schr C H Merchant, for
San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 28— Stmr Alllanca.
for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW CASTLE. NSW— Sailed Oct 26— Br bark
Birkdale, for San Francisco.
PORT • ELAlDE— Arrived prior to Oct 28—
Bark Caronde'.et, from Port Ludlow.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Oct 29— Stmr Campania,
for New Yo-. k.
NEW Y' ißK— Arrived Oct 29— Stmr Augusta
V! torla, from Hamburg.
RrtHed Oct 29— Stmr La Normandle, for]
Havre; stmr Maasdam, for Rotterdam; stmr
Ems. for Naples: stmr Pennland. for South
ampton; stmr Furnessia, for Glasgow; stmr
Norse, for Copenhagen; stmr Neustria, for
Marseilles; stmr Pennsylvania, for Hamburg.
HAVRE— Sailed Oct 29— Stmr La Gascogne,
for New York.
NAPLES— SaiIed Oct 28— Stmr Fulda, for New
York.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Oct 29— Stmr Southwark,
for New York.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mary A. Michelson (wife) to Benjar..in Mich
*lson, lot on • W line of Bourbon place, 100 8 of
Ellis street, S 25 by W 90; grift.
Anna M. Tobbenboske to Baker & Hamilton
(a corporation), lot on SW corner of Pacific
avenue and Scott street, W 56 by 8 47:8 ,4: $10.
Dlan Davles to Margaretha Busch, lot on E
line of Cole street. 208:9 S of Waller, S 25 by
E 125; $10.
Mary Caff (by B. P. Oliver, ' commissioner)
to Hibernla Savings and Loan . Society, . lot on
S line of Eighteenth street, 100 E of Hartford,
E 25 by S 75; $1»25.
. Olof Nelson (by same) to same, lot on N line
of Valley street, 230 W of Sanchez, W 25 by
N 114: $1321.
Amanda R. and James P. Cogswell to Thomas
W. and Christopher C. Rivera, lot on NE line
of Second street. 75 NW of Folsom. NE SO, NW
30. SW 25, NW 5, SW 55, SE So; $5.
Phebe A. Hearst to Robert and .. Augusta j
Christy, lot on SW corner 'of Seventeenth
(Santa Clara) and Connecticut streets, S 50 by i
XV 100, quitclaim deed: $5. ■
Robert and Augusta . Christy to Emma !
• Christy, same; grant.
James Webster (assignee of Swift Lumber
and Improvement Company) to Daniel :W. Col
lins, lot on NE line of Thirty-fourth street and
E line of Sunnyside Addition No. 1, W 25 by
N 100; $10. '
Benjamin Cohen to Rosa Cohen, lots 10 and
35 block 37. Sunnyside; gift.
. John H. and Ella R. Kelly to Michael Mc-
Cann, lot 1099. gift map 3; $10.
Estate of James G. Fair (by executors) to
Herbert W. and Ellen Cranton, lot on W line of
North avenue, 265 S of Cortland avenue. . S 23
by W 128-9, lot 34. block 5, Fair's subdivision
of Holly Park; $B*6. »
John Pforr-to Ellen Fitzgerald, let on SW
corner of India and Athens streets, NW 25 by
SW 100, lot 11, block 67, Excelsior Homestead;
$400. :
Alameda County.
Edgar Turney, H. K. Fry and Adolf Sad
lowsky to F. W. Fry, lot on W line of Han
nah street, ISS S of Thirty-second or A, S 25
by W 133. being the S 15 feet of lot 9 and N
10 feet lot 10, block O. lands Peralta Home
stead Association, Oakland: $10.
Union Savings Bank to Freeman Frates, lot
on SW corner of Cypress and West Eleventh
stivets, S SO by W 100. being: lot 8, block .V,s,
Eltrhth Street Home Tract. Oakland; $2900.
M Metzger to Jane White (wife of Henry),
lot on E line of West street. 35 N or Seven
teenth. N 35:2% by E 90, block E. North Oak
land Homestead Association. Oakland; $50.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Ber
tha C. Croissant, lot 58 O in plat 36. Monutain
View Cemetery, Oakland Township; $70.
Maty A. Fllckinger et al. to the J. H. Flick
lnger Company (a corporation), lots 9 to 12.
block 92. tract B. Berkeley Land and Town im
provement Association, Berkeley;
Mary A. Jones to M. E. Bufflington .lot on
S line of Sherman street, 1131:9 Vv of Adeline,
thence W 35:6. N 142 to 8 line of Sherman
street, 42 to beginning, being portion of lot 2,
block B, Revised Map of Oak Tree Farm Tract.
Brooklyn Township; $10. ' -.--i, i«t
Henrietta Shaw to Lazarus Newmark. lot
beginning at a stake on NE line of t A th .n ter
street. 82 N from point 'qr«ned by the inter
section of Atherton street with N line of C ay,
N\V 80. NE 211, ~SE 80. SW/ 211 to beginning,
town of Haywards. Eden Township ; $10. ...
Piedrich and Catherine Husing to Catherine
McCann, lot on N line of Twenty-eighth street,
mn tv nf Grove W 25 by N 140, being Jot i,
Stock- D.' HeTry' subdivision Whltcher Brock
hurst and Roland tracts. Oak and (ekecutors
James Long and James McAllister^executors
estate of Nicholas Doran) to A. H. Duncombe.
all interest in lot on N line; of Morse avenue.
44.03 Wof Chetwood street. \V 01, N 144.24, 1,
44, S 143.55 to beginning, being lot 5, block B,
Stanford Tract, Oakland; $475. -.„
Letitla Kountltree (by commissioner) to Eliza
beth Brown, lots 3 and 13, block 9, Herzog
Tract. Berkeley; $569.- . - ■_
H F. and M. Etta Poston to May T. Wilson
(wife of John A.), lot on NW • corner of Ashby
avenue and Deakin street, N 100 by W So. be
ing the E 85 feet of lots 17 and 18, block B,
Suburban Tract, Berkeley; $10. .
Henry Z and Sarah M. Jqhes to Johanna M.
F Meinert (wife of H. MO. lot 25, block ,9,
Allendale Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Mary Ann Michelson to Benjamin Michelson.
lots 3 and 4, block A, Fruitvale Electric Road
Tract, Brooklyn Township; sift.
Charles E. and Mary Green to W. E. Brown,
lot on W line of Lafayette • street, 150 S of
Clement avenue, S 37:6. by "W 108, bloftk 53,
Town of Encinal, Alameda; $10.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
XI V WESTERN HOTEL.
R Bailey & w, Stkn N M Anderson, Cal
W H Reed. Prescot G L Parker, Vallejo
T Kermode & w, Cal S R Crawford, Dawson
H Peters, 3 Jose J Leckie, N V
D Stewart, S Jose M Swanson, Chicago
W Riche. S Rafael T McQuade, Boston
H Carlton & w, S Jose H Temple, Benson
J D Lacey, NY F Dahringer, Sacto
P Davidson, Boston G W Edson. Sacto
J R Barry, Sacto F Powers, Fresno
Z E Buckner, S Rosal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
E D Maberv. Mo C Smith, Ukiah
H H Smart, Mo F C Hocking. Modesto
C B Wilson, Sacto C L Galvin. Idaho
\V R Dudley Stanford H McCarney, N V
C A Banchero, Napa R A Hawkins & w.
C M Hunter. L Ang Washington
L R Boiand. Vallejo G Steckel. L Ang
Dr R W Barman & w. S J Sternberg. Or
Hollister D P Murphy, S Jose
Mrs O Byrne, N V Mrs E Wishard, Chgo
N w»ndall & w. N V J A Benham, Fresno
Mrs N J Linden. S Dgo W H Donaldson. Chgo
A H Christie, Wis F Frolich. Chgo
W D Davis. Sacto W milliard, Chgo
J Brown. L Ang H Frolich. Chgo
W H Jackson & w, H A Pryor. St Louis
Omaha C Christie & w. N 1
L B Robinson. N V W H Walker, Mobile
W Armstrong T'klah T Hill. Ukiah
PALACE HOTEL.
F J Fox Stanford Mrs Mitchell, Conn
J M Flessner, Chicago Misses Mitchell. Conn
A G Richardson, N V !E L Corbin. Stanford
Mrs Richardson, NY jR M Allen. Stanford
J C Charpentier. Paris jj W French, N V
Mrs Charpentier, Paris IF W Bennett. Cal
F E Steele. R I |J H Kahn. Stanford
Mrs F E Steele. R I jC M Fickert. Staniord
W A Prichard. Cal lA B West, Stanford
B B Eastwood, Africa Mrs L A Whelan, Md
Mrs Klngdon, NY .F W Quin, Newark
Mrs E Brumale, N V J X Hecht. Cal
Miss Carter. NT 'J L Qualey. Redwood
J A. Chansalnr, Cal iJ M Jones. Madera
R V Ellis. Oil City H H Thompson, Cal
J W Cool. Spokane IJ W More. Pa
M H Greenbaum. Ky IRE Perrin, S Jose
W H Thornton. NY L McCarthy. Boston
E S Lein. Chicago iG Mitchell, N V
"W X Meade. Arizona :T Vigas. L Ang
A Mitchell, Conn
GRAND HOTEL.
C B Overacker. Niles C Fleckenstein. Cal
R Taylor. Manila E M Cox. S Rosa
L Gerlach, Stockton C W Qsrr&rd. S Rosa
A A Qulrm, Kalamazo H H Eddy. Cal
E E Leake Woodland Mrs Dell, Napa
W Johns..n, Wash O Hall * w. S Clara
C A Lyon B Jose Mm M Smith. Butte
C Glesloper, Eknhurst J Reith, Davlsville
H D Scriber. Decoto C C Emswller. Detrit
E A Preble < "al R A Leiter. Stanford
E C Hoyt Cal O C Leiter. Stanford
S L Hocan. Fresno F Southard. Victoria
Al Griffin. Fresno Mrs Hughes. Portland
F H Ransom, R Bluff L H Smith. Fresno
Miss Hunlev, Medford W Hamilton. Chicago
S E Wrenn, Portland F B Brown, Boston
Mie L McCoy, Tacorna C Ericksen. Martlnex
Dr Reed, Petaluma Or Taylor, US A
J C Graves. Elmira Miss Williams. Oak
Dr Howell. Buffalo T Hoardman. Sacto
Mrs A Stevens, Cal J S Mills. Cal
G Patterson. Alberta R A Barr. Term
Mrs E J Flint. Sacto Mrs R A Barr. Term
j H Francis. N V 'Mrs J H Smith S Jose
F J Glbb. Stockton F W Rust. Cal
J H Barker. Ukiah |F Keefe, S Jose
Mrs F Keefe. S Jose i
TRADES' DEMONSTRATION
AT THE EXPOSITION
MANY FLOATS PLEDGED BY
MERCHANTS.
Walter Morosco Will Have f. Forty-
Horse Team in Line — Other
Features.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 29.
The directors of the exposition, which
is to open November 12. have received as
surance that the proposed trades 1 parade
will be a success. Att the regular meet
ing Manager Grey reported that the fol
lowing business houses will take part in
the parade:
Tesla Coal Company, ten employes, ten
People's Express, twenty employes, ten
wagons. _
Theo Gier Co., ten employes, five
wagons.
Goldberg. Bowen & Co., eighteen em
ployes, six v. agons.
Sherman, Clay & Co., ten employes,
three wagons.
Davie & Williams, twelve employes, ten
wagons.
Standard Biscuit Company, four em
ployes, two four-horse wagons.
Oakland Parcel Delivery, ten employes,
ten two, four and eight horse wagons.
Grand Rule Bazaar, four employes, two
wagons.
George A. J. Davis, six employes, three
wagons.
Fred Becker, considering.
James A. Joyce, dry goods, considering
float.
Taft & Pennoyer will take up matter of
reproducing their house on a float.
I. ace House, considering float reproduc
tion of their house in lace.
Olson Brothers will have special float.
Lehnhardt. float representing candy
manufacture.
Oakland Bottling Company, considering.
F. H. Pruning, considering.
Cushing. considering.
Contra Costa Laundry, considering.
Cascade Laundry, considering.
Fire Deparment will take part.
Captain Fletcher with sixteen police of
ficers.
Jones' Bazaar, two -wagons.
Telephone Company, ten men, two wag
ons.
Abrahamson, too busy.
Kahn Brothers, too busy.
Enquirer, float.
Tribune, float.
Mayor, City Council and officials.
San Francisco papers, considering.
Breweries in hands of Mr. Gier.
Walter Morosco. forty-horse team.
Mission Rebekah Lodge.
Mission Rebekah Lodge gave a Hallow-
een party in Excelsior Hall last , night,
and, despite the fact that the great
parade occupied the attention of . the
community, there was an . attendance of
friends of the members who filled the
larr hall until It was uncomfortably
crowded. Under the direction of F. G.
Norman, the director of entertainment,
there was given a programme of musical
and literary numbers, that included vocal
solos by Messrs. Mlsner, Hunt, Gleason
and Johnson; instrumental selections.
Miss Margaret Davis, Mr. Regensburger,
Misses Davis and Hunt; recitation, Miss
L. Mulcay; and specialties by G. W. War
ren of the Twentieth Kansas Volunteers.
After the programme there was Inaugur
ated a number of Halloween games ; for
the benefit :. of • the young folks and the
enjoyment of the older ones, after which
there was dancing. . It .: was one of the
most enjoyable events given by this
lodge for several months past.
«« ♦ ■
The Ladies of Templar Lodge.
The ladies of Templar Rebekah Lodge,
I. O. O. F., through their special com
mittee, consisting of Mrs. Dale War
ford, Mrs. G. W. Dowle, Mrs. John Ed
wards and Milo G. Jeffers Jr., presented
to a large audience in Walhalla Hall,
Odd Fellows' building, last night an en
tertainment that had for its features vo
cal selections by Mrs. C. Austin Williams;
recitation, Mrs. W. G. Dowle; fancy
dance. Miss Fanny Luce; several selec
tions by Professor Graber's mandolin,
banjo and guitar club of thirty perform- ;
ers; and vocal selections by the Knicker
bocker quartet. The programme, though
short, was appreciated, as evinced by the
cordial manner each number was re
ceived. The entertainment was followed
by dancing that was kept up until a late
hour.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1898.
GREATEST RALLY
OF THE CAMPAIGN
IN LOS ANGELES
Webster Davis Talks
to Thousands.
EXPLAINS M'KINLEY'S POLICY
VOTERS URGED TO SUPPORT THE
ADMINISTRATION.
After a Tour of the State the Mis
souri Statesman Predicts a
Landslide to the Repub
lican Ticket.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 29.— Hon. Web
ster Davis this evening at Hazards
Pavilion aroused Republican enthusi
asm to its highest pitch. He addressed
5000 people who crowded themselves
into the auditorium until it could hold
no more, and for two hours they lis
tened to the sound doctrines advanced
by the distinguished citizen of Missou
ri. Such a meeting as the one to-night
has not before been seen here in this
campaign. The eloquence of Mr. Davis
had much to do with the enthusiasm
that was manifested, but it also indi
cated that the Republicans are alive
and active and that Los Angeles Coun
ty certainly may be relied upon for its
old-time Republican majority.
When Mr. Davis arrived in the city
thit= afternoon he was met by a non
partisan committee and escorted to the
Chamber of Commerce, where he was
tendered a reception as Assistant Sec
retary of the Interior by the citizens,
regardless of political affiliations. Sev
eral hundred citizens were by this im
promptu reception given an opportuni
ty to meet Mr. Davis.
Bradner W. Lee, chairman of the Re
publican County Central Committee,
called the meeting at the pavilion to
order, and Edwin A. Meserve was pre
sented as chairman. In a few brief re
marks Mr. Davis was introduced.
For two hours the gentleman talked
and he was listened to most intently.
Frequently he was interrupted by long
and continued applause. Mr. Davis'
remarks were largely devoted to na
tional politics. He made a masterly
statement as to what the McKinley
administration had accomplished for
the people in the past eighteen months.
He explained fully the war policy of
the President, which elicited long and
continued cheers. The tariff policy as
outlined in the Dingley bill was dwelt
upon at length and contrasted with the
disastrous effect the Wilson bill had
upon the industries of the country. Air.
Davis made a telling point in cit
ing the fact that the Republican party
was the party of the poor boy and not
the friend of the plutocrats. He point
ed out that Lincoln, Johnson, Grant,
Garfield and Blame were poor boys and
had been advanced to prominence and
power by the Republican party as soon
as it was ascertained they possessed
true merit, clear heads and undoubted
ability. Mr. Davis insisted that the
Republican party was the party of the
poor man and at all times his defender
and champion.
To the Silver Republicans Mr. Davis
paid particular attention, and he ex
tended a cordial reception to them to
return to their old faith. He made a
strong argument in favor of the Nicar
agua canal, which he said the Repub
lican party was in favor of construct
ing at once.
In closing his address Mr. Davis ex
plained the necessity of sending to
Congress men who would stand by
President McKinley and his wise policy
in the conduct of the affairs of the na
tion.
In an interview after the close of the
meeting Mr. Davis said:
"California is going Republican as
sure as the world. There will be a
landslide for Gage a:id Neff and the
whole Republican ticket from top to
bottom. It have been in San Fran
cisco, Sacramento, Oakland, San Jose,
Modesto, Fresno, Bakersfleld and now
in Los Angeles, and I tell you that
everywhere there are indications that
industrious and thinkinsr people are in
favor of a State administration that
will assure good government and pro
mote confidence. I have noted the fact
that many old-time Democrats in Cali
fornia are working this year for Gage
as against the conglomeration of Popu
lists, socialism and Democracy repre
sented by Maguire, fused only for the
purpose of gaining offices."
WATERS WELCOMED
AT SANTA BARBARA
SANTA BARBARA. Oft. 29.— A grand
illuminated parade took place this evening-,
in which the Amerious Club, its campaign
band, the local band, the "Uncle Tom"
company's band, a hundred bicycles and
many prominent Republicans on foot took
part.
The Americus Club is a political organi
zation, semi-military in character. It was
organized during the Markham campaign,
and l\as maintained its organization ever
since. It is composed of several hundred
young men of Los Angeles County, who
have been very carefully drilled, and is
now one of the finest marching clubs on
the coast. Its white and orange uniforms
made a beautiful appearance.
After the parade 3000 people assembled
in a large tent put up for the occasion and
listened to prominent Republicans discuss
the issues of the campaign. Russell J.
Waters, candidate for Congressman in
this district, ably answered the false
charges made against him by Congress
man C. A. Barlow, a candidate for re
election. Barlow has made so many false
charges against his opponent and the con
servative voters have so thoroughly found
him out that it is conceded that his over
whelming defeat is a foregone conclusion.
The enthusiasm shown this evening
proves that this county, and more partic
ularly this city, will go for Gage and
Waters.
WHITE AT SAN RAFAEL.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct 29.— United States
Senator, Stephen M. White spoke to a
large rfudience in the Opera-house to
night on campaign Issues. Prior to the
meeting the admirers of White vented
their enthusiasm in a torchlight proces
sion and with fireworks. Senator White
was met on his arrival by a committee
composed of J. H. Wilkins, J. W. Coch
rane. M. C. Dufflcy, M. P. Cochrane, R.
M. Donne and James Keyes.
The meeting was called to order by At
torney J. W. Cochrane, who introduced
James J. Manney as chairman of the
meeting. On the platform with the chair
man and speaker sat a number of leading
Democrats.
Senator White was cordially received
and applauded at every good point in his
speech. He asserted that if Maguire were
defeated- the credit would belong to the
Southern Pacific Company. He denied
that the single tax was an issue, and be
lieved that Maguire's legislative and
Congressional experience rendered him
the best man available for the position of
Govornor.
At the close Senator White was ban
queted at Hotel Rafael.
DYNAMITE BOMBS
THUNDER WELCOME
Nevada City's Greeting
to Maguire.
FIRES ON MOUNTAIN PEAKS
SINGLE-TAKER HARPS ON THE
RAILWAY QUESTION.
Hutchison Makes the Extravagant
Declaration that Gage Will
Not Carry the City
of Los Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEVADA CITY, Oct. 29.— This was
fusionists' night In Nevada City.
Mountains trembled and canyons
echoed with the thunder of exploding
dynamite, and for an hour burstine:
rockets and bombs shot athwart the
clouded heavens in all directions. Bon
fires in the streets cast a cheery clare
over the entire city and twinkled from
many surrounding peaks. The Maguire
ites had united to a man in making it
the chief demonstration of the cam
paign — for their cause und in honor of
Judge Maguire, E. L. Hutchison, can
didate for Lieutenant Governor, and
H. M. I . Rue, candidate for Railroad
Commissioner, who arrived at 8:30
o'clock from Grass Valley, where he
had held a meeting. A special train
from Grass Valley brought several
hundred citizens early in the evening.
The theater here had been elaborately
decorated, one of the most prominent
features of the decorations being a life
size portrait of President McKinlev.
over the face of which many Republi
cans present aver they saw shadows of
disapproval frequently pass as free
trade doctrines were touched upon by
the orators. The house was crowded,
and there was much enthusiasm as
compared with former fusion gather
ings here this fall.
Thomas Ford was president and forty
citizens were named as vice presidents.
The speaking was interspersed with
music by the Glee Club and by Goyne's
band.
Judge Maguire was first introduced
and for an hour and a half held the
ciose attentio-n of the audience. Hi 3
remarks were almost entirely devoted
to an arraignment of the railroad and
to personal scoring of General Barnes
and his "distinguished opponent," as
he some thirty times designated Mr.
Gage.
Judge Maguire was asked previous to
the meeting to set himself right, if pos
sible, with the peo-ple on the mining
question, in view of the widespread im
pression throughout this part of the
State that he holds that gold taken
from the ground does not belong to the
miner who digs it, but to all the peo
ple. The truly reference he made in
this direction was to casually observe
that the man who owned a home or a
mine should be protected in the rights
to which he was entitled.
Judge Maguire was followed by
Messrs. Hutchison and La Rue in brief
talks. Mr. Hutchison assured his listen
ers that the city of Los Angeles would
give a plurality for Maguire and that
he would come to Tehachapi holding
Gage even.
AT GRASS VALLEY.
Speeches Delivered by Maguire,
Hutchison and La Rue. '
GRASS VALLEY, Oct. 29.— The Dem
ocratic demonstration to-night was one
of the greatest of the campaign.
There were bonfires, salutes and fire
works. Judge Maguire, E. L. Hutchi
son and M. If. La Rue, candidate for
Railroad Commissioner, arrived on the
4:30 train. They adlressed the citizens
in a large tent. Later the party left
for Nevada City, where they were
billed to speak in the evening.
RYAN INVADES THE
HOME OF DE VRIES
Big Political Demonstration at Which
Ladies Act as Vice-
Presidents.
STOCKTON. Oct. 29.— Frank D. Ryan,
Republican standard bearer in this Con
gressional district, invaded this, the home
town and stronghold of Congressman
Marion de Vries, his opponent, to-night,
and was accorded a reception at once flat
tering and significant. He was accom
panied by Frank Coombs of Napa and
Frank H. Short of Fresno. The Repub
licans are determined to wrest this dis
trict from ennfusioo control and send a
man who will vote for Republican organi
zation of the next House and support ad-
ministration measures. The meeting was
held in the Pavilion and attended by 5000
people. Preceding this gathering the
largest political parade of the campaign
moved through the streets as escort to
the distinguished nominee.
C. M. Keniston acted as chairman of the
meeting and a decidedly novel feature of
the gathering was the calling of a large
number of ladies to the platform to act
as vice presidents. The women responded
readily and took the places assigned to
them.
Mr. Ryan is not an eloquent man, but a
hard, common sense talker, imbued with
sterling Republicanism, which rang
through every senten^ and evoked the
warmest manifestations of approval. He
urged Republicans not to be turned aside
by the Democratic bogie in the shape of
the railroad cry. He declared that if
the railroad had controlled the conven
tion which nominated him he would not
have been the nominee. He appealed to
Republicans to indorse McKlnley by send
ing representatives who would hold up
the chief executive's hands and assist in
consummating achievements so glorious
ly begun, bring honor, peace and pros
perity all over this broad land and on
every distant shore where Old Glory
waves by virtue of American valor and
sacrifice.
The speaker asked what Magulre could
do about railroads' extortionate rates if
he wero Governor. For years there has.
been a Railroad Commission In the State.
For years It had been a Democratic com
mission. What had the Democratic com
mission done? What had any of thoin
done? What had the present Democrotic
Governor, who Is against the railroads,
done? Nothing.
Messrs. Short and Coombs followed
with telling speeches. Ryan will carry
this county beyond question.
Red Bluff Hears Ferral.
RED BLUFF, Oct. 29.— Democrats and
Republicans alike turned out to-night
to hear Robert Ferral, the Democratic
warhorse from San Francisco, and J.
W. Bartlett of Weaverville, Democratic
nominee for joint Assemblyman. Mr.
Bartlett made an eloquent address, and
then Chairman Wells Introduced the
speaker of the evening. Mr. Ferral spoke
at length on. the Issues of the campaign.
Alford Talks at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 29.— W. H. Alford
addressed a Democratic meeting at the
opera-house this evening. There was a
good-sized audience.
Edwin Kingsley Dead.
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 29.— Edwin Klnffs
ley, an old resident of thU county, died
to-day, aged 75.
MATHS RIDES
THREE WINNERS
Californian Has a Good
Day at Latonia.
BECKY BAN AT LONG ODDS
KITTIE B TAKES THE TWO -MILE
EVENT.
Grievance, Flax Spinner, Warrenton,
Lady Lindsay, Frohman and
Fleeting Gold Capture
Purses.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 29.— Weather pleasant;
track heavy. Summaries:
First race, one mile, selling:
Howitzer, 102 (Crowhunst), 3 to 2 1
Mellle, 112 (M. Dunn), 10 to 1 and 4 to 1 2
Jack Hayes, 112 (G. Taylor), 7 to 1 3
Time, 1:54.
Rushfleld. Ondagne, Topper, Fanfaronade,
John Sullivan, Stockholm, Clan Campbell
and Popocrat also ran.
Second 1 race, five furlongs, selling:
Becky Ban, 104 (T. Knight), 10 to 1 1
Chancery, 104 (Conley), 3 to 1 and even 2
Plccola, W4 (Kuhn), 7 to 1 3
Time, I:M\.
Pretty Rosie, Crinkle, Lela Murray, Georgie
and Maid of Promise also ran. Sis Vie and
Pat Garrett fell.
Third race, handicap, one mile:
What Next. 110 (J. Mathews), 4 to 5 1
Great Bend. 11l (Dupee). 4 to 5 and out 2
Fireside. 108 (Frost), 3 to 1 3
Time, 1:50.
Tom Collins also ran.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs, handi
cap:
Miss Josephine, 102 (J. Mathews), 7 to 1 1
Volandies, 109 (T. Knight), 5 to 2 and even.. 2
Florissant, 104 (Frost), 8 to 1 3
Time, 1:14%.
Old Fox, Mazo and Galathee also ran.
Fifth race, two miles, selling:
Kittle B, 107 (J. MatheWß), 3 to 5 1
Barton, 105 (Dupee), 5 to 2 and even 2
Osric 11, 110 (Frost), 3 to 1 3
Time. 3:49 V*.
Sir Ebony, Jack Bradley and Belle of Corsica
also ran.
Sixth race, one mile, selling:
Ennomia. 109 (Taylor). 7 to 1 1
l.yllis, 102 (Morrison), 6 to 6 and 3 to 5 2
Pop Dixon. 110 (Wilson). 7 to 1 3
Time. 1:51.
Gomez, Full Hand, Royal Choice, Aryan and
Robert Latta also ran.
NEW YORK. Oct. 29.— Aqueduct summaries:
First race, five furlongs, selling:
Grievance, 91 (J. Weber), 12 to 1 1
Effervescent. 109 (Hirsch). 8 to 5 and 3 to 5.. 2
Lamity, W (Morey), 5 to 1 3
Time. l:0J.
Morning. Miss Order, Tut Tut. Sophia, Fal
lela and Aurlole also ran.
Second race, mile and forty yards, selling:
Flax Spinner. 97 (MrCue), 5 to 1 1
Blarneystone, 104 (H. Martin), 6 to 1 and
2 to 1 2
Merlin, 102 (O'Connor), 3 to 1 3
Time. l:45Vt.
Nearest, Tyran. Black Dude and Brentwood
also ran.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles:
Warrenton. 126 (Clawson), 1 to 4 1
Brighton, 94 (O'Connor), 7 to 2 and 1 to 3 2
Ben Eder. 120 (Jones), 10 to 1 S
Time. 1:49 1-5. '
Fourth race, five furlongs, selling:
Lady Lindsey. 109 (Clawson), 11 to 10 1
Captain Sigsbee. 112 (H. Martin), 9 to 10
and 1 to 4 2
Tyran. 102 (Songer), 30 to 1 3
Time. 1:01 2-5.
Ninety Cents, Savoy, Cavaleria and Over
board also ran.
Fifth race, mile and forty yards, selling:
Fmhman, 90 (J. Daly). 7 to 1 1
CharentUK. 108 /Olawson), 9 to 10 I
Blue Away. 103 <Maher), 8 to 5 3
Time, 1:44 4-5.
Regulator, Danforth and Burns also ran.
Sixth race, about seven furlongs, selling:
Fleeting Gold. 103 (O'Connor), 12 to 1 1
Tabnuret. 104 (Moody). 7 to 5 and 1 to 2 2
L'Alouette. Wi (Spencer), 6 to 6 3
Queen of Beauty, Sagacity and Regie May
also ran.
CHICAGO, Oct. 29.— Weather at Lakeside
warm and clear; track heavy. Results:
First race, seven furlongs — Locust Blossom,
6 to 1, won; Czarowltz, 4 to 5, second; Bara
terfa third. Time, 1:30%.
Second race, five furlongs — Frank Bell, 9 to
20 won; Fontainebleau. 8 to 5, second; Boney
Boy third. Time. 1:02%.
Third race, seven furlongs — Braw Lad, 7 to
2, won; Newsgatherer, 3 to 1, second; King
Bermuda third. Time. 1:30.
Fourth race, mile and one hundred yards —
Mary, 4 t* 5, won; Imp. 4 to 5, second; Storm
King thlr\ Time, 1:40V4-
Fifth raoV five and a half furlongs — Abuse,
1 to 5, won: Virgte Dlxon, 5 to 1, second;
Silver Set third. Time. l:09»4.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles — Clay
Pointer, 2 to 1, won: Double Dummy, 7 to 5,
second; Mr. Eastjn third. Time, 1:59.
Sloan on a Winner.
LONDON. Oct. 29.— Sir J. Thurshi's
Trevor, ridden by Tod Sloan, won the
Molesey Park handicap at the Hurst
Park autumn meeting to-day.
Salinas' Crack Baseball Team.
SALINAS, Oct. 29.— 1n a game of base
ball for the trl-county championship this
afternoon between the Salinas and Wat
sonville High School teams the former
won by a score of 5 to 2. The winning
team has played teams from Santa Cruz.
San Benito and Monterey counties, as
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sop
Lassitude.
Lassitude, "that tired feeling,"
is the sign of approaching ill-
ness; it may be a Cold, La
Grippe or other malady. A
few doses of "77" a this earl y
stage may "break up the
disease, preventing a long ill-
ness. ■
"77" cures Grip, Colds, In-
fluenza, Catarrh, Pains and
Soreness in the Head and Chest,
Cough and Sore Throat.
At druggists or sent prepaid; price. 25c and
60c; large pocket flask, $1 00. Dr. : Humphreys'
Manual at druggists or sent free.
• Humphreys'. Mod. Co., cor. William and John
Bts.. New York. Be sure to get
H-U-M-P-H-R-E-Y-S
NO PAIN! NO PAIN!
.- ,^P%> Lowest Frieei in the City!
g^T^r^^L. GUARANTEED.
«Js|l I TEETH WITHOUT
IMA -^ g!N PLATES A SPECIALTY.
M &9* vSa Fwll Set of Teeth. ex-
Ty J_\.t tractlng fr*e. *1-"O up
, \J» >J^^^V Gold Crowns, 11k........
jjflfr A«<BiWjfv3L- Fillings. .....250 up
JifN^flflyi ELECTRO-DENTAL
(J3J§ft\^slL/Jr3» 6ul *« 7, Flood • Bulldln*.
-' 809 ■ MARKET v ST. .'
Of flea Hn.-I to 10 p.m.; Sua.. I to 1 p.m. 1
well as from San Francisco and other
places, and has not been defeated in two
years, though It played over twenty-five
games.
REID OF YALE THE
GOLF CHAMPION
NEW YORK. Oct. 29.— The third tourna
ment of the Inter-collegiate Golf Associa
tion was concluded this afternoon on the
links at Ardsley-on-the-Hudson.
The team championship, which for two
years was won by Yale, went to Harvard
this year, but as an offset to the loss of
this honor, John Reid Jr. of Yale won the
individual championship for the New Ha
ven contingent.
The two survivors in the individual
championship contest were John Reid
Jr. and W. B. Smith, both of Yale. In
the first half of the morning round the
men were on equal terms, but at the end
of the round Reid led by two up. Smith
won the first hole of the second round
in the afternoon, but Reid forged ahead
up to the seventh hole, being four up on
the day s play at this point. Smith won
the eighth in three to seven, as Reid met
with some very hard luck. He had to
give up the hole, which was not played
out, and the figures were approximated.
Reid retrieved himself on the next, but
lost the tenth in five to three. Reid
struck a winning gait, playing from the
South Mountain tee and won the next
three holes and the championship honors
with six up to five to play. The five bye
holes were played, as Reid was anxious to
tie or beat the Ardsley record of 7S, but
he took 41 strokes to come in and was two
behind these figures at the finish.
HARRY BLAIR GOODWIN
WEDS MISS HAMILTON
San Franciscan Leads a Niece of Sen
ator Jones to the Mar
riage Altar.
SANTA MONICA, Oct. 29.— The marri
age of Miss Cornelia Hamilton to Harry
Blair Goodwin of San Francisco v/as cele
brated this c ning at Miramar, the resi
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' - _^_
THE fREAmNT
That Cures and Restores Men
Is That Which Is Administered by Dr. Meyers & Co.
These celebrated special- .„ i^umg. r>r - Meyers & Co. have
i- ts are masters of the art -»r'o^? :3=;s SS=^»'^*«*. been a success for more
SHsiS- rii£?£=
debilitated men. They also '(TeJ&S**? '^Bf ate from the best medical
make quick and lasting ~-j^y colleges in the world. AH
cures of special diseases. JgjgS|*K«?' have had special training
1 ;] ■» „ If «- —Jrie-%"J rie -%" in ° f fit
former blood poison driven OK &&S^&X&! \l test eauirmed Seal
SnHh'i'^^J?' mercury ."\ lift extensive practice in the
or other deadly drugs. \v m j • ' W West - Their remedies are
AH till lll** HIS O.IIU WeaK"/ . V ZSkO^H ? , I \\H- .-■ .iHfr^^l aU ~ »— nnnn'ioil 'U'bv
or old, soon yield to *&W%&Rmfa\ -^gKiJ- 'own private laboratorj b>
time-tested remedies and/^Mfflßif AWiotHßk^ co . n ?- net , ent t p t har ?it Cl nn f 1
methods of Dr. Meyers &^/M, W« Xtk&W^^^/ wltliou ' cost }°™, or
Co. These popular doctors^Mi N&?i •■ "^^vte^F i tlent - >l ° P° lso nous "I
do not experiment nor treat^^^K^^Aft^OTAV^ /> other dangerous drugs are
.symptoms. Their long ex-3^iJ (iMBBK: ever dispensed; nothing
perience and unequaledfglifv mffl§mMl®gsJi but , the c K tra ? !°f buds, '
skill enable them to cure||gg|\ IS&BBeBBK ' ark; '' « be rrles W,,tt,« »n,\
when other doctors cannota^fL V f\ V^^^^^^ leaves, flowers, piims and
even give relief. I lants are ever used -
ESTABLISHED 1881.
•
PATIENTS NEED NOT PAY TILL THEY ARE CURED.
Dr. MEYERS & CO. have such confidence in their
successful remedies and methods that they will let the
patient deposit the price of a cure in any bank or with
any business house or newspaper in San Francisco, to
be paid to them only when a cure is effected. „_„_. .,,;.,
If patients prefer they may pay for a cure in monthly
installments. _
Nervous Debility, its attendant Dangers and Em-
barrassments, and all Contracted Ailments, including
Contagious Blood Poison, Scrofula, etc., are included in
this offer.
Sufferers should beware of stimulating appliances of
any nature. They are advertised to care nerve troubles,
when in reality they are nerve destroyers, veritable
man-killers and wreckers of human life, made to sell,
not to cure.
Debilitated men can never be restored to PERMA-
NENT strength except by a thorough and proper con-
stitutional treatment. This cannot be done by mechan-
ical or other temporary stimulants. The latter only leave
the unfortunate victims, after a few days, weeks or
months, in a condition which is almost hopeless.
In restoring weak, nervous, despondent and incom-
petent men to true and lasting manhood, DR.' MEYERS
& CO., by the use of the most effective yet harmless
remedies and methods, gradually tone up the ENTIRE
SYSTEM. Thousands attest to this.
► FREE CONSUL T ATI ON AND PR IV A TE BOOK FOR MEN, %
f At office or by mail. All Dealing and Correspondence with Patients +
*- Sacredly Confidential. Thousands cured at home every year. No ♦
*" Printing on Envelopes or Packages to show who sent them. 4.
+ *
DR. MEYERS & CO.
I 731 MARKET STREET, San Francisco. X
r | ■■.'■;;.■ ■ •
*" Tnl/Q P!QA/a+r\»" [. HOURS— B to 12, Ito 5 daily. .;■•.
1 cIK6 tieVelLOr. | v ven i nit «. 7to 8. Sundays. 9to 11. ■»
fLiil\^fn i m was
I Ll* t. __ _^_ «
'v.>
A flodety lady in a busy Connecticut town recounts an extremely
• trying experience. "I have suffered, " said she, \ 'about ■ everything possible
from weak stomach and chronic constipation, and many a night have had to sit
In bed, propped up with pillows and get what sleep I could that way. I could
aot lie down; if I did I would feel a terrible choking sensation which made me \
rasp for breath. Everything seemed to ferment k the moment it got into my
itomach, and often I felt bloated and generally miserable. Since I began using
RIPANS TABULES
I have own so greatly relieved that I fully believe they will soon cure me
•ntirely." .
...-.■■ , . - . ■ ■
dence of Senator John P. Jones, the
bride's uncle. The house and grounds
were beautifully illuminated and decorat
ed in pink and white.
The bride's gown was of white satin,
embroidered with lovers' knots in zed
pearls, with tulle veil and orange blos
soms. She carried a bouquet of Cecil
Bruhner roses. The maid of honor, Miss
Alice Jones, wore a dainty _ gown i of .white
lace over white taffeta. The eight brides
maids—Misses Therese Morga. \an IN ess,
Laura Gaylord of San Francisco Florence
Jones, Goorgina Jones. Matilda Jones,
Marion Jones and Rose >V« wm ?jk-wore
white organdie with insertions of butter
colored lace over rose taffeta.
Alfred H. Wilcox was best man ahe
ushers were: Edward Barry. Charles urr,
Harry M. Stetson of San Francisco.
Rev. Burt Estes Howard performed the
ceremony and A. C. Hamilton pave his
daughter away. Lohengrin s f™inf
March was rendered. Only .. ln t i in X l T t r c
friends wore present, among- them Air.
and Mrs. W. E. Lester. Mr and Mrs. Har
vey Jordan of San Francisco ss a c . na^, r
Jones reached home to-day to a «en.i.
An elegant supper was served. The bride s
table was decorated in orange hlossoVns.
with candelabra and accessories in pink
Tnd white Dancing flowed tnesiMper.
Mr. and Mrs. Goodwin will reside in
San Francisco.
GERMAN ROYALTY
ENTERS JERUSALEM
The Emperor and Empress "Warmly
Welcomed by the Populace as
They Enter the City.
JERUSALEM. Oct. 29.— Emperor Wil
liam and Empress Augusta Victoria ar
rived at the encampment outside the town
to-day. At 31 o'clock their Majesties en
tered the Jaffa gate, and at 2 o'clock vis
ited the Church of the Holy Sepulcher.
The streets presented a lively appearance
and the buildings were lavishly decorated.
Presidential Appointments.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 29.— The President
has appointed John Lutz of Ohio Consul
of the United States at Arica, Chile, and
Edward Garrett. receiver of Public Mon
eys at Boise, Idaho.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
BRILLIANT FETE
TO BENEFIT ST,
PAUL'S CHURCH
Society Turns Out in
Full Force.
MANY NOVEL FEATURES
KIRKHAM MANSION THE SCENE
OF GAYETY.
Largely Attended by the Fashionable
Throng, Which Generously
Patronized the Many
Attractions.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, Oct. 29.
The ladies of St. Paul's- Church ar
ranged a very successful fete this evening
at the old Kirkham mansion, which is
now the residence of Colonel and Mrs. L.
Li. Bromwell. ' The large mansion was
beautifully decorated, and this committee
scored a notable success. The decorating
was done by Mrs. Victor Metcalf, assisted
by Mrs. Will Henshaw. Mrs. Frank
Adams and ajjss Allie Grimes.
Mrs. Babcock and Robert Newell pre-
Bided over a vaudeville programme in one
of the large parlors. There were dia
logues, sketches, a male chorus and a
quartet, and the continuous entertain
ment netted a handsome' sum for the
church.
Mrs. Shelby Martin presided over the
refreshment section, which was to be
found in the conservatory. Among her
many waitresses were Mrs. Fred Stolp,
Mrs. Percy, Mrs. Byron Crowley, Mrs.
Ernest Folger, Mrs. Will Kalston, Mrs.
Duke Baxter, Misses Jane Rawlings, Eva
Lukens, Luella : Williams, Margaret
Knight and v*ail and Claire Converse. The
thirsty were supplied with lemonade by
Mesdames Andrew Mosley, Sam Breck,
Frederick Merritt and G. F. Allardt.
Mrs. Sharon and her pretty daughters,
Florence and Blanche, presided over a
booth, where E. R. Jackson scissored out
silhouettes of all those who desired for a
reasonable consideration to sue .them
selves in black face. '"  „, ,
In a haunted chamber sat Mrs. Mark
Requa and told the fortunes of lovelorn
swains anxious to know the future and
at the same time help ..-ie church fund.
Her attractive assistants were: Misses
Alice Moffltt, Luita Booth, Bertha Me-
Elrath, Gertrude Gold, Ida Belle Palmer
and Marietta Havens. Mrs. Georg* Ba
ker ran a rival mystic booth, where she
lifted the veil of the future with the as
sistance of Misses Irene Baker, Margaret
Collier, Delia Mells and Jean and. lor
ence Hush. Lovely California oranges
were sold by Mrs. Will Meek, Mrs. George
Whitney, Anita Whitney, Bernice Lan
ders, Georgia and Lily Strong and Flor
ence Starr. ■ .■-;'! -
Even the kitchen was made to subserve
the purposes of the benefit, and many de
licious morsels were cooked and sold by
Mrs. J. E. McElrath, Mrs. N. Koser. Mrs.
Vernon Waldron, Misses Laura and Mona
Crellin, Grace Gorrill. Harriett Klttridge.
Bessie Palmer. Gertrude Allen, Edith
Selby, Abbie Clift. Mary Barker and lone
Fore. Those who cared for confectionery
and sweetmeats rather than the products
of the kitchen and - the icecream .parlors
■were attended to by Miss Florence , Dun
ham, Miss Belle Mhoon. Mrs. * .orence and
Coralie Selby and Jessie Glascock.
Society turned out in force and mad©
the event one of social significance. Every
section was well patronized, and St.
Paul's fete will be remembered as oi\e of
the events of the season.
HART WORTH'S RETURN.
He Tells of the Interest Taken in
California's Election by the
Atlantic Slope.
OAKLAND. Oct. 29.— Hart N. Worth,
Immigration Commissioner for the port of
San Francisco, returned this morning
from the East.
; In speaking on matters pertaining to
immigration, Commissioner North said
that there is no comparison between the
immigration at Eastern ports and that
which arrives in San Francisco. They
have no Asiatic immigrants, but they have
hordes of Russian Jews, Slavonians, Ar
menians. Bohemians and Italians, all re
cruited from the lowest dregs of their
respective countries. "They are far worse
than anything that we have here, and
they are coming into the Atlantic ports
in vast numbers," said Mr. North.
Continuing, the Commissioner said con
cerning the political outlook: "The en
tire Atlantic slope is tremendously inter
ested In the political outcome, and a
great deal of interest is taken in Califor
nia, especially in the anticipation of an
increased Congressional delegation from
this State. All seemed immensely pleased
at the prospects of electing a Republican
Senator to succeed Stephen M. White."
They Want Their Money Back.
OAKLAND, Oct. 29.— Jcse <J. Moraga to
day brought suit against Arcadia E. and
Timothy "Mahoney for the recovery of '
$1500, which sum the complaint alleges the
defendants induced plaintiff to advance ,
last April, in Los Angeles, on a represen- i
tation that they were the inventors of a
new electrical machine to produce its own
motive power to an indefinite degree. A
machine on a small scale had demonstrat
ed the success of the scheme, and the
money sued lor was for fhe purpose of
constructing a large one of twenty horse
power. Plaintiff was to have a one-fourth
interest In the invention and the patents.
The consideration upon which plaintiff ad
vanced the money has wholly failed.
Narrow-Gauge Local Derailed.
OAKLAND, Oct. 29.— The 9:45 o'clock
narrow-gauge local was derailed tnis !
morning on "Webster street, between
Eleventh and Twelfth. Lo.comotivp 23 and
the trucks of two cars left the tracks, but i
no one was injured and no damage was !
done. The derailment was caused by a
defective frog.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak DUO. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strep-** through his new
and original system of treatment.
Ri'PTI'KE cured b-- his new meth-
od, without knife, truss or detention !
from work, a painless, sure and perma- !
nent cure. VARICOCEI.E, hydro- ■
cele, swelling and tenderness of the i
glands treated with unfailing- success.
Contairion* blood poison in any !
of its stages thoroughly eradicated
from the system. I^ndlea will receive!
special attention for their many ail- \
mentp. WRITE if you cannot call.
No charge for advice by mail. He will
also send you a valuable book, "Guide
to Health," free of charge. Address
P. L. SWE ANT, M. D.. 737 Market ;
street. San Francisco, CaL
OAKLAND DOES NOT
WANT PARK BONDS
Yesterday's Affirmative Vote Falls Short
of the Necessary Carrying
Majority.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Oct. 29.
: For park bonds 3,640
Against park bonds 2,303
Majority for bonds 1,337
Necessary to issue bonds 3,965
The views expressed in The Call some
months ago regarding the purchase of
Adams Point were evidently those of
many citizens of Oakland, for the election
i to-day resulted in the defeat of the bond
i ingr proposition.
Although there was a large majority
in favor of the bonds the vote was 325
too small to reach the necessary two
thirds vote, and so the city will not at
this time secure the point for a park.
The First and Seventh wards polled
heavy votes against the bonds, and the
Sixth Ward voted almost 4 to 1 in their
favor. The complete vote is as follows:
* FIRST WARD. *
I # Tes. No. *
I* Precinct 1 - 45 71 #
i * Precinct 2 65 101 *
I * Precinct 3 76 97 *
■* Precinct 4 47 32 ♦
FELL DOWN
STAIRS WITH
HER BABY
Little Enos May Not
Recover.
ITS SKULL IS FRACTURED
AN UNPROTECTED ENTRANCE
TO THE CELLAR.
While Shopping in a Grocery Store
Mrs. Enos Walked Off the
Floor Into the Base
ment.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 29.
A mother and baby fell down a flight
of stairs in q. grocery store this morning',
and as the parent fell on the child the
latter'e skull' was fractured' and the baby
■will probably die.
Mrs. Joe Enos of Mount Eden was in
SHE WANTS CHIEF LEES' SCALP.
Clara Thropp, the Runaway Actress of the Comedy Theater,
and Her Many Dire Troables,
YES, they have me arrested on some
felony embezzlement charge, but I
don't care about that particularly.
There is Just one man in this town
| I really want to see— that man Lees—Po
lice Chief, I think they call him. He
wrote that description of me to secure
my arrest, t-nd said I looked like a woman
In the last stages of consumption. If I
can find him he will be sorry for this."
The foregoing: forcible remarks were
made yesterday afternoon by Miss Clara
Thropp, the promoter of the "Where's
Matilda?" company at the Comedy The
ater, who skipped the town the other
day leaving her company to its fate.
Miss Thropp was cooling her anger in
the detectives' room of the City Hall,
waiting to learn if she was to be put be
hind the bars on the charge of felony
embezzlement preferred by M. B. Leav
itt, the well-known theatrical manager.
"Yes," continued the younj,' woman as
she gave her silk skirt a vicous shake, "1
did leave the town without due notice,
and it was for the good of my company.
I had demanded that $10 each should be
paid to the fifteen members of the organ
ization with which to pay board bills.
This was refused, and I left the town,
I could have got away easily, but I was
Aoi trying to run away. My departure
had the desired effect, for my understudy
carried my part, ana there was money
forthcoming: for those dreadful board
bills. 1 don't understand Mr. Leavitt's
system, and the result is that we don't
agree on what I owe him. He claimed
everything in sight to wipe out an alleged
Indebtedness to him. I claim that he is
in my debt.
"Yes, it is true, this looks like a big
advertising scheme, but somehow I can't
see how I can get off without explaining
to headquarters my connection with the
trouble. I feel that I am abused, but
may be I am not. The courts can decide
that.
"Mr. Leavltt reminds me of a famous
character in one of Ibsen's works. I
don't need to name him. What Is the
foundation for this statement? Well,
when I saw that my company was a fail
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1898.
j * SECOND WARD. *
* Precinct 1 : 71 91 ♦
!-* Precinct 2 150 116 *
* Precinct S 121 90 *
* Precinct 4 318 60 *•
* Precinct 5 46 84 #
* Precinct 6 18 59 *
* Precinct 7 85 62 *
* Precinct 8 63 68 *
* Precinct 9 . 76 23 *
ft • THIRD WARD. *
* Precinct 1 133 101 *
* Precinct 2 164 76 *
* Precinct 3 183 87 *
* FOURTH WARTD. *
* Precinct 1.. -•••• 15 i 60 *
* Precinct 2 102 125 *
* Precinct 3 131 86 *
* Precinct 4... 59 48 *
» FIFTH WARD. *
* Precinct 1 209 .53 *
* Precinct 2 197 3o *
* Precinct 3 124 38 *
* SIXTH WARD. *
* Precinct 1 152 48 *
* Precinct 2 166 «1 *
* Precinct 3 £3 27 *
* Precinct 4 166 73 #
* SEVENTH WARD. ; *
* Precinct 1 ......159 34 *
* Precinct 2 97 183 *
* Precinct 3 -..113 1«, *
* Precinct 4 117 132 *
Davis' grocery store on Washington
street this morning, when the accident j
occurred. She was carrying her baby, j
which is IS months old, in such a manner
that she could not see her proximity to
a flight of stairs leading into the base
ment. She stepped over the edge and
baby and mother rolled into the cellar.
Mrs. Enos was considerably bruised and
the little child is in a critical condition.
Mrs. Enos says she was going out at
the back door of the store and as it was
quite dark she did not notice the cellar
way. She had her baby on her left arm
in such a way that she could not see the
stairs, around which was no railing.
An examination of the child's skull by i
Drs. Sharpe and Church showed it to be |
necessary to trepan the baby's skull as
this operation offered the only hope of
saving its life.
The Enos family lives at Mount Eden.
« ♦ «*« *
WINTERS HOTEL DEAL.
Preliminary Examination of W. H.
Allen for Fraud.
OAKLAND, Oct. 29.— The preliminary
examination of W. H. Allen, charged with
defrauding John Ludeman on the Win- i
ters Hotel deal, took place to-day {n the !
Police Court. The prosecution had inti- ;
mated that one of the most important j
witnesses for the defense, John Langlitz,
was a myth. By this witness' testimony
Allen hoped to show that he himself had i
been imposed upon, in that he had ac
cepted an assignment of a mortgage from ;
Langlitz without question.
Every effort was made to secure Lang- i
litz's attendance, but without avail, al- j
though it was established that such a j
man does exist. Decision as to whether
Allen will be held to answer for felony j
Will be rendered next Monday.
Delinquent Property Sold.
OAKLAND, Oct. 29.— Out of forty pieces
of property delinquent for the opening of
Fourteenth street but nine were sold at
yesterday's sale. The assessment for the
opening of Tenth avenue Is also delin
quent, and amounts to $215. The total a.«
sessement for the latter improvement
amounted to $1668 68.
ure here I was asked why I did not find
an angel."
Miss Thropp blushed, tore another piece
out of her glove and enviously looked at
a detective who went out of the room
without permission.
"Will you appear to-night?" was asked.
"I expect to. 1 have made certain prom
ises to play this evening and Sunday
matinee and night if I am taken out of
the hands of thi.s man Lees and not prose
cuted on this charge. I don't nee how I
am to be boomed very much on this prop
osition at this late date, unless I get :
astride of a mule to-morrow, and with
sandwich boards parade the streets with
the anouncement of my reappearance."
The managerial end of the complication
has a grievance in the shape of a claim
against the gentle Clara for $620. The
three final performances are expected to
satisfy the demand of clamorous land
lords for those "awful board bills," and
the other differences will be adjusted at
some remote date
Manager Uilinßhotisp says the escape
of Miss Clara was very detrimental to
business and that she has "queered her
self" with Eastern booking firms. How
ever, the young lady who would like to
pulverize Chief Lees for describing her
features In the cold, heartless official
way has had one piece of good fortune
on her Western trip. She succeeded in
getting married at Leadv.ille. This was
accomplished "with the knowledge and
consent" of her brother and without the
knowledge of her company.
The seauel to this drama is to come.
but &fim Thropp is convinced that she
would rather barnstorm one night stands
than undertake to ever charm San Fran
cisco theater goers with her raw cock
ney accent and varied eccentricities.
As for Chief Lees he is in hiding, Mr.
Leavitt Is not in his usual haunts, and
Manager Ellinghouse is developing gray
hairs at an alarming rate.
EASIER TO
PROMISE THAN
TO PAY UP
Suggestive Report on
Bonus Raising.
SAN LEANDRO'S SUCCESS
BRILLIANT PROSPECTS FOR THE
FUTURE.
Chairman Hawes Tells of His Expe
rience in Trying to Help
the Public Help
Itself.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Ilroadway, Oct. 29.
B. C. Hawea, the chairman of the ex
ecutive committee having in charge the
task of establishing a large cannery at
San Leandro, has issued a report, which
shows how much work is necessary in or
der to arouse public spirit sufficiently to
induce it to loosen its purse strings even
when the public is to be benefited.
Preparations are now being made to
build the large King-Morse cannery at
San Leandro. Nearly two years ago the
project was broached, and since that,
time the committee has been steadily
working, and ultimately succeeded in
raising $5224.
The report, which contains many sug
gestions of insincerity on the part of
pledged subscribers, says, in part:
"While in the main the committee is
pleased to report that the majority of
subscribers willingly redeemed their
I promise, there was a large minority that
i caused untold labor before they could be
induced to pay their subscription. This,
of 'course, has no reference to those
whom misfortune has overtaken in the
| interim between signature on petition
j and call for payment, aa the committee
was sensible to that fact, and always met
; them in a compromising way; but there
I was a large number who could pay, yet
endeavored by many means to avoid it.
To this class was due the fact that the
j committee was compelled to ask several
extensions of the time allotted.
"Our secretary, ilr. Frank, was instruct
: ed to use every honorable means to
| promote collections, and, while his exer
tions were in a measure fruitful, the nee
' essary or promised amount could not be
' got together. As a last resort th<>
' committee issued an appeal to people who
j had not previously subscribed, and this
j had the desired effect, as not only the
i promised sum was secured, but also a
sufficient amount was collected to defray
all expenses."
Considerable trouble was also experi
: enced in securing a p roper block of land,
i but eventually one was found, and of this
I transaction the report says:
"In the matter of purchasing- the site
j the committee was beset with difficulties,
i not only in the selection of the site to
I suit the purjrose in its manifold details,
j but to purchase it on reasonable terms.
"After negotiating with numerous par
' ties we finally purchased block 40, known
'as the (Jurtin block. The owner, how
ever, is a resident of Montana, and a
I gentleman who in this deal exercised
, some peculiar notions. To dissipate these
notions required a good deal of ex
: planatlon, legal u.n<l other, but after
three months o€ tarrying the gentleman
! finally concluded" to deliver the deed,
j which brought us another stop nearer in
the direction of getting the cannery."
In conclusion Chairman Hawes gives
the following advice:
''The committee further hopes that the
people of San Leandro and vicinity will
at ail times exercise friendly considera
tion toward the people who are planting
another industry in our beautiful city of
San Leandro. Let us trust that this new
enterprise will prove an object of as
much pride as our two other manufac
tories, namely the Daniel Best Agricul
tural works and the Hay Press Manufac
tory of our colleague on this committee,
L. C. Morehouse. Let us further hope
that our industries will multiply in the
future and our city double its population
within the next five years.
"Before concluding my report of the
executive committee, I desire to express
my sincere appreciation of the constant
courtesy extended to me by the individual
members of the executive committee, and
further beg to acknowledge that at all
meetings the utmost harmony prevailed
and all deliberations were accompanied
with ever present good feeling and an
earnest desire to serve the best Interest
of this association, the business men of
our city of San Leandro and the fruit
growers of this section of Alameda
County."
SCOFIELD NOT A HERO.
Mystery Surrounding an Alameda
Footpad Story Cleared Up.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 29.— The mystery sur
rounding the assault on Sam Scofield has
been cleared away. It was not a case of
footpads, and Scofield did not knock out
an army of highwaymen, as he an
nounced. /The Scofield yarn turns out to
have been a fistic misunderstanding be
tween the would-be hero and Frank Bart
lett, son of Columbus Burtlett and nephew
of the late Governor Bartlett. What adds
interest to the case is the prominence of
the young men's families.
Scofield and Bartlett spent the evening
together on Park street last Saturday
night and after midnight started to walk
home They conversed on various mat
ters and all went well until Scofleld
passed some slighting remark about a
young lady who stood high in Bartlett s
esteem The latter at once resented the
statements and challenged his companion
to a deadly combat. They squared away,
and Bartlett, who is much the smaller
man of the two, soon had his antagonist
rolling in the gutter. Scofield. covered
with blood, went to the Park Hotel ami
told that he had been assaulted by foot
pads and that, although there had been
three of them, he had managed after a
hard struggle to vanquish the whole out-
Bartlett went home and said nothing.
He was seen this evening and corroborat
ed the story given here. Scoflold was
not to be seen to-night. .
: ' •''••'•■ ♦ « — ; .
Greenwell Located.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 29.— The mystery sur
rounding the disappearance of Juhn R.
Greenwell, who left his home, 514 Eagle
avenu», about two weeks ago, has been
cleared away. His mother received a let
ter from him to-day stating that he had
concluded to live with his uncle at Big
Trees; that he was well and enjoying life.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 29.— The engagement
of Henry yon Tagen and Miss I.lzzie Bill
is announced. Both are prominent in Ala
meda society circles
The health of Major Tilden is improv
ing rapidly, and it is likely he will return
to his reg'lment at Manila at the expira
tion of his furlough.
The scratch teams were defeated last
night at the Recreation Club's handball
tournament. Stubb3 and Brewer van
quished Ryder and Hamma, and Elster
and Conkey made short work of Innes
and Gutte.
Nearly 400 new books have been added
this month to the Alameda Free Library.
—■ » ■
Company F Being Recruited.
OAKLAND, Oct. 29.— Great care is be
ing taken in the matter of recruiting
Company F of the Fifth Regiment, N. G.
C, bo far as medical and physical exam
inations are concerned. The work was
commenced last night. Major Jansen
was in charge, and Major Hayes and Cap
tain Poulter of Company A were also
present. Major Hanson, Major Dunn and
Captains Hamlin and Harries were the
examiners, and the following: applicant*
passed: George H. Hough, C. H. Eckles
H. J. Horwege, G. A. Tyrrel, C. F. Coles |
J. "W. Cowles. H. Coffee, F. W. Williams j
R. B. Felton, S. Christiansen, E. M. Fel
ton. M. M. Hallpran, C. A. Sullivan, J.
F. Kick, J. S. Carney, A. E. Markley, F.
Q. Thompson, L. R. Keller, A. Boas, G.
Manes, A. Anderson, M. E. Greer, A.
Stout, O. Johnson and D. J. Stewart:
When fifty men have been enlisted officers
will be chosen.
—.♦ . —
A UNION BENEFIT.
Tendered by St. Mary's College and
Oakland High School to an
Injured Footballist.
OAKLAND, Oct. 29.— At a recent foot
ball game between the Oakland High
School and St. Mary's College, George
Shuey, of the former's team, sustained
a broken leg, and last evening a joint
entertainment and minstrel show was
given by the pupils of these two institu
tions for the benefit of the injured player.
The attendance was good and the affair
was a grand success. The first half of
the evening-s programme was carried out
by the St. Mary's College orchestra, and
after an overture, "King of Diamonds,"
the following numbers were given: Ex
tract. "The American Banner," Edward
J. Mullaly; whistling solo, Claribel Mau
sell; violin solo, May E. Walker; vocal
quartet, "A Sailor's Life," College Glee
Club; recitation, "The Passenger Train,"
F. M. Sllva; piano solo, Gra-ce Dawson;
overture, "The Bridal Roshs," college or
chestra; tenor solo, "Good-By, Sweet
Day," J. W. Solen; duet, violin and piano,
"II Trovatore," W. Weiteman and J.
Hoenced; recitation, "Green Mountain
Justice," W. J. Walsh; barytone solo, G.
E. Hay ward; Interlude, "Grand American
Fantasia," college orchestra.
The last half of the entertainment con
sisted of a minstrel show, in which the
characters assumed were as follows:
Center— Mr. Johnston, Cad Wallis. Right
ends— Faith. Cupid Hume; Hope, Al Lean
Pulcifer; Charity, Swede Harris. Left
ends— Rags, Nox Nightingill; Bottles,
Rusty l'helan; Sacks, Skinny Ryder.
Right tackles— Waddle Kales. Freaky
Hall, J. Roy Bombshell, China Cooley.
Left tackles— Curly Peck, Chick Kroll,
Complexion Sumner, Cousin William.
Right guards — Greek Howard, Dainty
Girard. Captain Clarke Oyler, Hands Off
Jeffries. Left guards— Baby Westdahl,
Curling Iron Hendrickson, Fat Stroud,
Graceful Chase.
MISSING STUDENT
IS HEARD FROM
ADOLPH GOETZ RECOGNIZED AT
TT7RLOCK.
Identified by the Description Pub
lished in The Call— On His
Way to Los Angeles.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 29.— Adolph Goetz, the
missing Stanford student, has been heard
from. Through the description published
in The Call, the officers at Turlock state
they recognized the man at that place
last Monday, two days after his disap
pearance from Alameda. In conversation
he said he was on his way to Los An
i geles. He was not questioned closely.
The following letter from C. Davis of
Turlock was received by the Chief of
Police this afternoon:
"TURLOCK, Oct. 27, IS9B.
"Chief of Police, Alameda, Cal.— Dear
Sir: The San Francisco Call's description
I of u»ie Adolph Goetz lit.s a fellow that got
| off Monday's p. m. overland going" south.
I He got off the train and rusTied over to
j the store here, as though expecting to
I meet some one. As soon as the train
! pulled out he seemed lost, walked around
! the burg until dusk and then around the
: depot. He went south same evening on
Fresno local. He told th<> officer here ne
i was on his way to Los Angeles. The
I clothes he wore— hat and overcoat— tne
i build, face, complexion and everything
i agree to his description. He seemed well
! educated in conversation, though I did
1 not think at the time he was a university
! student; took him for a fellow who did
Inside work — cook or something like that—
'■ though we are pretty sure he is the fel
; lOW."
Later information from Turlock was to
' the effect that there was absolutely no
' question concerning the identification.
Goetz is now supposed to be in Los An-
It is the opinion of the friends of the
young man in this city that Goetz's
mmd has given away from overstudy.
NEEDS TWO BOATS.
The Opposition Ferry Reports an In
crease of Trade.
OAKLAND. Oct. 2*J.— The first trip of
the steamer Mount Eden, which has been
chartered by the Davit Ferry and Trans
portation Company to run in opposition to
the Southern Pacific, was made to-day.
The traffic coming by this route is stead
ily increasing, and the Emma and the
Mount Eden will now be engaged daily
in making as many trips as possible.
Manager Davie says that the opposition
to the railroad in the matter of freight
ing across the bay is increasing, and that
it will not be long before another steamer
is needed should the present rate of in
crease be maintained.
Mahoney's Case Dismissed.
OAKLAND. Oct. 29.— Justice of the
Peace Lawrence this morning dismissed
the complaint charging William P. Ma
honev with perjury, preferred by C. F.
Murdock. A few days ago the Justice
refused to grant a motion of dismissal
made by Deputy District Attorney Moore
in the case. Mahoney, It was charged,
had illegally registered, but on two oc
casionß the Grand Jury had investigated
the charges and each time dropped them
without action.
Mrs. Martin Now Appeals.
OAKLAND. Oct. 29.— Notice of appeal
to the Supreme Court was filed to-day by
Attorneys W. W. Foote, Vogelsang and
Brown on behalf of Susan Martin in uef
suit against the Southern Pacific Cmn
nanv for the recovery of tfO.OQO damages,
claimed to have been sustained by reason
of the death of her husband. Joseph Mar
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
The State Medical Institute DiseoreM a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free camples of * most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute. Fort Wayne Ind It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physlca.
iufferlnK of lost manhood that the insti-
tute ha* decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weaknr resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varlco-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cur»
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the Statf-
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building, Fort Wayne. Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great clas»
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample.
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that Its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
Radway's Ready Relief for Sprains. Bruises.
Sore Muscles, Cramps. Burns, Sunburnß, Back-
ache. Headache, Toothache, Rheumatism, Neu-
ralgia, Lumbago. Internally {or all Bowel
Pains. Colic. Diarrhoea, Dysentery, Cholerr.
Mnrbua and Sickness, Nausea, etc. All drug-
fUt* • |
tin, throuph being run over by a train of
me defendant corporation at Irvington.
The appeal is taken upon a nonsuit grant
ed by Superior Judge Ogden. on motion of
Attorney A. A. Moore, last April. '±he
court held that the deceased had been
guilty of contributory negligence.
Companions Enjoy Themselves.
Loyal Circle of the Companions of the
...-/:. ; : ;V-; V -- ;;' - ADVERTISEMENTS. "v v ■ yr' ! 'y'/'i : :
. ; lSS|i IS P THOUSANDS OF CURES, i
jL- ' \V vvV^vrti^ yJt/^ 4 Evidence of the wonderful curative t^
Jt^ vVv^tni^KHlC/./ /*? power of Dr. Pierces famous Eleotric -^
•— VTWv'&^Sfl^flC/VV^/^ Helta and Trusses continues to arrive -^
S*" \ Vftvl^M^€ivw from all P arts of the country.
' ~~Z '^S^mlJlSpM?^' IT GIVES HIM STRENGTH. =3 j
X "\ ■HE^aj]ftl*^MJniiHll»^*»^' " Mr - L - D - utt - Proprietor Colony Nursery of — • '
g**'"' x WAI rMrf-Tf ftBWr 1-^1 -^ " T^ Fenryn, Cal., writes us on July IS, 1S98: "I Z^\
S- ' rfß3W4Wllil*™l^-vT- have one of. your No. 2 Chain Belts, which -* i
»- I ' ikBP9'KIGH«hB^HI-7 <— ls now partly worn out. I cannot get along :^J
SIT ~" i^f^Mi^^liaraw^^P^' without it. Have not felt so well in years; _^ i
-S^n . i vC3^'i^ rS ~* do any amount of hard work and do not feel —^
j^*" **^f JOEa'k*mi^^9.^P*lttGßm^'>*. worn out."
v= '^'G^nß(SS9BnStw@Bw^^ Ss It- is true that there are other trusses — * i
•^ A/ 1 -TvlM!l»vSvlnilPalTT *^- and — so-called "Electric" — offered for ZS
S^: y^v •xr^jflSSl Li|filBK2WF\K^ tv^ Bale in various parts of the country, some ;^»
g*" / f*\ tJ^Qj&fsSSSSS&^K very cheap, and some very expensive;. """2
/ NvV^^W^mG SAVN. < but, briefly stated, the fact remains now
i^- ' /^» t» r s sJ! >M v!*^<^ AsN.as it has during the past twenty years: 235
/ y^rJvTv V^\\ if" you want the- BEST, you must have •<««
2^ /v r^f* \ 5 t^ \ icr' Send 2 cents in stamps for our IL- !
»- x x v \ LUSTRATED PAMPHLET, or call at |
J£^ . office. Open on Sunday from 2 to 4 p. m. -* >
£ PIERCE ELECTRIC COMPANY, 3
£ 620 MARKET STREET, Opposite Palace Hotel, S. F. =S
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA. i
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO, July 30th, 189*.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at Its thirty-second session begin- i
ning on the fourth day of January. A. D. 1897.
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
in favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-wit:
•\V." AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
41.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, In relation to revenue and taxation, by
which It is proposed to amend Bald section to
read as follows:
Section 18. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or school district shall in-
cur any Indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding in any year i
the jhcome and revenue provided for it for
such year, without the assent of two-thirds I
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of Incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax . sufficient to pay
the Interest on such Indebtedness as It falls
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed i
forty years from the time of contracting the
same- provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the Income and
revenue of any succeeding ■ year or years: pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers in said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and in determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply In any man-
ner: and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo, in Solano County, may pay its exist-
ing indebtedness Incurred In the construction
of Its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability Incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall be void. . .
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
... 10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
Etate. of : California,- ago amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants or
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed now
section to read as follows:
Section 7*4. The inhabitants of any county
may frame a' county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, .qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty It shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propone a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
■hall then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or if there be
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication it shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county at a general or special election, and If
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same. It shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for Its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
Dower of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
Droved by a majority of the members elected
to each house. It shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall In such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government ■ act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act. certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting forth the submission of such oounty
government act to the electors, and Its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made in duplicate and
deposited, one In the office of the Secretary of
Rtnte the other, after being recorded In the
office' of the Recorder of Deeds In the county,
among the archives of the county.
All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended at intervals -of not less than two
year" by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
oualifled electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
inibllcaHon of such proposals for twenty days
fn a newspaper of general circulation in such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
tV.v alternative article or proposition may be
Presented for the choice of the voters, and may
& voted on separately without prejudice to
Ot Tt el shall be competent in all* county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
«hi« section to provide . for the manner In
which the tiroes at which, and the terms for
which' the several township and county officers
otter than'- Judges of the Superior Court, shall
hi elected or appointed; for their compensa-
tion -for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have
and for the compensation payable to each of
such deputies, for. the manner. in which the
times in which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
Spited or appointed and for the constitution,
regulation.' compensation and government of
such boards, and of their clerks and attaches:
also to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted and may In addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate In any primary election. .
Whenever any county . has. . In .the manner
and method . herein pointed out. adopted any
wunty government act. and the same shall
have been approved by the Legislature as
«for%aid the direction of sections four and
five of this article providing, for the uniformity
of a system of county governments throughout
the State, and likewise providing .for the elec-
tion and appointment of officers and the regu-
KUon of their compensation, shall not apply,
ftniii county government act shnll. as to any of
fhe matters hereinabove provided for and de-
clared by ■ such county government act. not he
Biibiect to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature, except .by amendment first
submitted to the. electors and ratified in the
manner herelnabov* set forth. •.•• ,
' AMENDMENT NUMBER' THREE.
(Being Sanate Constitutional .'Amendment No.
44.)
A resolution " proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section.
tn be known and designated as section five and
one-half article six.' thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. ' The : said I proposed I new.' sec-
tion to read 'as follows: ■ . '- 2. " ••' . ; • ■;. .'■'.■;;•.
Section- 5V4- . The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to. hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and' character -against- the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
Its judgment thereon shall be final..;. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall rbe held as fol-
In the City .of Los Angeles. , commencing on
the second Monday. of March u .' '.„■-.
In the City and t County of San .Francisco,
commencing on ; the ; second : Monday :in - July,
and ;. ' v - '■ ; .. - -. -. : .-'-": - -■'■';■■; :
In the City of Sacramento, commencing - on
Forest gave one of its Bocials In Fores
ters' building last night, at which there
was a good attendance of ladles and gen
tlemen, who enjoyed a programme of the
latest dances and good music. It was
called an umbrella party, and the reason
for this was that each member of the
committee wore a miniature protector
against rain.
J&f B * co , n<s Monday of November of each yew,
The Judges holding such term of court shall
receive no extra compensation therefor, but
shall receive their actual expenses, to De paid
out of the general fund of the State- treasury,
me Legislature shall enact all laws- necessary
to organize such court, to provide - the pro-
cedure thereof and to carry < out the provision*
of thi* section.
AMENDMENT NUMBER j FOUR. '
j. (Being Assembly ] Constitutional ' Amendment
« No. 87.) - - •
«♦„♦ resolution to propose to the people of tha
s>tate of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, amending article eleven.
by adding a new section thereto, to be known
as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. Ths
said proposed new section to read .as follows:
section 5%. The provisions of sections four
and five of this article shall not. nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city %.nd county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which, shall
nave become, or shall become.- organized under
section seven, or secure ft charter under section
eight of this article.
: AMENDMENT NUMBER ' FIVB.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
.•' ' , - ' No. 36.) . . ■:- \* -
A resolution to propose to the people or ths
fctate of California an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of the
Constitution of the State of California, by
Which it is proposed to amend said sections t»
read as follows: t ■ ■■ ■■■• ■■ - -■
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall ds
elected at the same time and place and in ths
same manner as the Governor, and his" term of
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
Section 18. In case of the impeachment of
the Governor, or his removal from office, death.
Inability to discharge the powers and duties ot
his office, resignation or • absence from th«
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for th»
residue of the term, or until the disability sha*l
cease. • And should the Lieutenant Governor bs
impeached, displaced, resign, die or become In-
capable of performing the duties' of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pro)
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy in the office of Governor shall
be filled -at the next genera! election, when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability or the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy In tha
office of Governor for any of the reasons abova
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senata
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then. the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall , devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall bs
filled at such general election. , ..-,-.
1 AMENDMENT NUMBER BIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
5 A resolution to propose to the people of tha
State of California an amendment to section
six, article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which It is proposed to amend said section ta
read as follows:
Section S. The public school system shall In-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal ■ school*
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature ' or by. municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary . and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall Include schools organized in «
school district, .or union of • school districts,
having more than one thousand inhabitants, la
which a course of study shall be taught whieli
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural-
mining or scientific department of the Univer-
sity of California. . • .
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
.. No. M.) "'. .. ■ ..
A resolution to propose to the people of ths
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, In rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
is proposed to amend said section to read a*
follows: • . - • _'• .-; '. .• . 'V ■• • i
Section 2. - The sessions of the Legislator*
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian o»
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of Its members.'
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
in the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then , remain
In session for twenty-five days, after which It
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. 'If the two houses fail , to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation.
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall ba
within the limits above prescribed. 'Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete Its
session. ■ No pay shall be allowed to member*
for a longer .period than -seventy-five: -toy*, «jici
no bill shall be Introduced la *Uli*t hous« ex-
cept at the first twenty-Ore days of the session,
without the consent cf ... three-fourths -of tha
members thereof. ....-".:. .. _'•.:
■ NOW. THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of : the Constitution, and an act , of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled,
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed, amendments 'to the Constitution, of the
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval." approved March 7, A. D. 1883.
the above-described proposed amendments. ar»
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of ths
State, at ■ the election ta be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY. , NOVEMBER 8,- A. D. 189 S.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at. such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon ■ the voter may express Ilia
choice as provided by law: -.< "
Amendment Number One, being Senate ' •*'.
Constitutional Amendment .No. 41 ""•''
(exempting certain claims against the -
City and County of San Francieco, and ' ;
the existing Indebtedness of the City - Tea
of Vallejo for the construction of Its i • .
water works from the -provisions' of - 'Na
the Constitution requiring such, claims - r - : v: -
to be paid from the Income and reve- ■ -
' nues of the year in which they were
incurred). 1 -- • . •- ■ •
For the Amendment? ...• c 1*.,:
Amendment Number Two. being Senate '
. Constitutional . Amendment - No. 10 Tea
' (providing for framing - local county- .
government • acts by Inhabitants of i Na
| counties for their government). -
■. For the Amendment? ; . - . . . ;■ £ :
Amendment ' Number Three, being Sen- f '. ;
- ate Constitutional • Amendment < No.
44 (providing for the creation of a." " :
Court of Claims to determine claims "• ' Tea
• against the State, and to consist of •'— .
three Superior Judges designated Iby ' <Na
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation). , . ,
For. the Amendment? '.".{; '■
Amendment Number Four, being As- f -.
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities Tea
and counties, organized or to be or- ' ' .
g&nized.'- or holding a - charter - un- - Na
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation In relation to counties).
For the Amendment? -v , *-l ; ;.
Amendment Number Five, being' As- ' - '
• sembly Constitutional ■'■ Amendment ;
No. 36 (relating, to office of Governor, -' Tea
providing , for - succession thereto in ■' »
certain cases and removing disability •'' N#
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other of flee during term).
. For the Amendment? ;.. v,-,"-' : "•l-
Amendment Number Six, being Assem- Tj\ ■'- ■
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 38 r Tea
■•:« (relating to and . defining- Grammar '■ .
•■Schools). 1 . '■•-' : - ■■•'- . : - -Na
For the Amendment? ■ ' ' ' ' ■ ;
Amendment' Number, Seven, being As-
sembly * Constitutional*. Amendment
. No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Tea
,■ Legislature for not less than, thirty ■ r— —
nor more than sixty days during each >■*) Nat
-session). ■- "•:.-• - - ' •' \
"••; For the Amendment? . "j ..* ;?■•.- : -"- .^ ;<
- Witness my hand and; the Great Seal; of the
State of California, the day and ■ year herein
first abQve written. "- ■'■".,'- ■'..'■ ."-.
', ■ ' " JAMES H. BUDD, Governor.
Atu*t: L. H. BROWN, Secretary or BUta* f
[SEAL.]
1516
THEY'RE OFF AT OAKLAND !
THE rataplan of horses' hoofs, the
sharp crack, crack of stout whale
bone whips, intermingled with shouts
from a vast multitude of spectators,
were the tokens at Oakland track yes
terday that the winter racing: season of
the California Jockey Club was on.
The day was an ideal one for racing.
The softness of an Indian summer after
noon was tinged with a touch of autumnal
crlspness, although there was hardly a
breath of air stirring. The silken flags
of yellow and black, colors of the Jockey
club, hung listless on their- staffs, while
the rings of white smoke from a passing
locomotive drifted skyward until they
merged with the clouds.
The crowd gathered early, and when the
horses left the saddling paddock for the
opening scramble every point of vantage
was filled. The betting ring was a seeth
ing, struggling mass of humanity, each
individual trying to reach the block of his
favorite layer of odds. The play through
out the afternoon was heavy, especially
on the Inaugural handicap*
Up in the stand the bright colors of the
ladies' costumes relieved the somber
browns and blacks affected by the men.
The balcony of the new clubhouse lent Its
simple picturesqueness as a background
for displaying the brilliant toilettes of the
fashionable set. who had entree to It. The
overflow from the- betting ring drifted
Into the precincts of the saddling pad
dock. Here an Interesting throng of those
well up on racine- lore saw the finishing
touches given the horses and the last
whispered Instructions to the jockeys
from owner or head trainer. The attend
ance was estimated at five thousand,
FRED R. BERG
WAS NEARLY
ASPHYXIATED
The Weil-Known Treasurer for
Gutte & Frank Had a
Narrow Escape.
Frederick R. Berg, who for years has
oeen the confidential man for Gutte &
Frank, is in serious trouble and has been
at death's door. He has acted as general
secretary for the firm, and as treasurer
also for the Fire and Marine Insurance
companies handled by the concern,
for the Gutte & Frank draying company
and the Gutte & Frank Mercantile Com
pany.
All kinds of stories are afloat. Some
of the insurance men say that Mr. Berg is
a defaulter to the tune of $15,000. Others
say that he is not more than $10,000 short
in his accounts. Isidore Gutte says he
ls not short a cent, but when asked
whether the shortage was made up during
the past twenty-four hours he changed
the subject. Furthermore, when asked if
Mr. Berg was going to sever his connec
tions with the firm all he would answer
was that he had been for half an hour in
the office yesterday.
One thing is certain. Mr. Berg had a
very narrow escaape for his life the other
day. He went to bed as usual and by
some means the gas was turned on. Mr.
Gutte says his cashier uses a student's
gas laarnp and was reading in bed by Its
light. "When he wanted to go to sleep he
turned out the gas and accidentally
turned It on again. Had not Mrs. Berg
noticed the strong smell of gas that was
pervading the house and traced It to
ncr husband's room, Mr. Berg would not
be alive to-day. The wife rushed into the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Intolerable
ITCHING
Eczema All Over Head and Faoe.
Two Doctors, No Benefit.
Tried CUTICURA REMEDIES
with Rapid Cure.
I was troubled several years with cutaneous
diseases which developed into chronic Ec-
. zema, which spread all over my head, and ■
X down on my face. I took medical treatment 1
\rfrom two doctors and received but little re- .
lief, i Then I tried several lotions, etc., which
we had in the store, but only received little
relief from them. At times, the dreadful
Itching became almost intolerable. "When I :
was heated, the Eczema became painful, and
almost distracted me. I was advised to try
Ccticura Remedies and did so, and found
them all that is claimed for them. I The Ecze- '
ma rapidly disappeared, and I am well, with
no i, trace of any cutaneous disease. . Shall
always recommend Ccticura to all.* -i
J. EMMETT REEVES,
Feb. 22, *98. Box 125, Thorntown, Ind. j
Baby Scratched Continually:
Our babe, two months old, broke out in sores
over her face and ears. She seemed to be in
great misery, and would scratch continually.
I noticed your advertisement in our home
paper, and supposed it would be a good thing
' for our Sadie. I used the Cutioura (oint-
ment) and Ccjticcra Soap, and they wore a
great benefit to her. I did not like to give
medicine inwardly to a child so young, but
saw that she must have something to drive the
disease out, so I pot a bottle of Cutioura
Resolvekt, to purify her blood, and gave her
about one third of the bottle, and your medi-
cines have done wonders for her.
v Mrs. LOUISA ACKERMAN, Tiffin, lowa.
Feb. 19, 1898. # . ' ■•'■ : '..-■', .
CrnrriA Rl vedies are the pureit. iweetett, and mo«t
ctlre akin cures, blood purifiers, and humor remedies .
ever compounded, and appeal with Irresistible force to
mother*, nureee. and all having the cars of children
afflicted with akin and aealp humors, with lose of hair.
Cures made in childhood are speedy, economical, and
permanent. / ___^____
' Sold throajrhont the world. Ponn Dmva aid Cam
Cosr., Sole Propa.. Bo«ton. ■ _ .
.t . tar .*• How to Core Twturiuj Skin DUmu,' &•*.
which augurs well for the success of the
winter racing.
The track was good but not lightning
fast, as it will be later on. The time of
the various races was good, especially
that of Napamax, which ran seven-eights
of a mile in 1:27.
The orange, blue sleeves and green cap
of Burns & Waterhouse were conspicu
ous throughout the afternoon. From Mid
love, a dashing chestnut daughter of im
ported Midlothian, down through Obsid
ian, white-faced Napamax, Recreation
and finally Shasta Water, a representa
tive of the Burns & Waterhouse stables
was first past the winning post in every
race. Ola-time followers of the racing
game affirm this to be the first time on
record where one owner won every race
at an important meeting. Dwyer, the
Eastern turfman, is credited with winning
the card at a minor meeting, but this
does not dull the luster of Burns & Wa
terhouse's success yesterday.
Trainers Ben Timmons and Mike Kelly
sent their charges to the post fit to race
for a king's ransom, and were showered
with compliments as the colors of
their employers caught the judges' eyes
each time.
The well-known Maltese cross of Lucky
Baldwin, master of Santa Anita, was car
ried into second place by his clever filly
La Goleta and by Los Medanos.
Charley Thorpe carried off the honors
for jockeys, piloting three of the winners.
His success was given due recognition, as
he was applauded each time he returned
to weigh in.
The troubles of the bookmakers began
with the opening race, a five and. a half
furlong scramble for all ages. Midlove,
the fretful Midlothian, packing SS
pounds and Devin on her back, was in
fierce demand, being playeo down to 9
to 5 favoritism. She was first away, and
made every post a winning one, leading
death chamber, turned off the gas, threw
open the windows and sent for a doctor.
When the latter arrived he went to work
with a will and soon had his patient out
of danger.
Berg's troubles were the one subject of
conversation among the insurance men
yesterday. They thronged around Isi
dore Gutte and the latter in despair had
to foresake his temporary residence in the
Palace Hotel and return to his old quar
ters on Leavenworth street. To none of
his friends would he admit that his firm
had lost anything, but that fact is ac
counted for by the guarantee company,
which was on Berg's bonds.
"It was a mystery to us all how the
man could get behind in his accounts,"
said a well-known Insurance agent yester
day. "When we remembered, however,
that he was treasurer for the marine in
surance branch, lire insurance branch,
draying business and merchandise busi
ness of the concern, the problem was
solved. In the fire and marine business a
report has to be submitted every month
to the Insurance Commissioners and in
that line he could not have got more than
$1000 behind. But when he had all four
concerns to manipulate and could juggle
from one account to the other and had
no one actively supervising him, it was
an easy thing to get away with a large
sum and no one any the wiser. I don't
think Gutte & Frank will lose much
but they will be more careful in looking
after their help In the future."
♦ v, Th 3? l ? f 6 te & Frank ' s agent for
wnh M agdeb 5 r ?/ lre Insurance Company,
Wilhelma of Magdeburg. General Insur
ance Company of Magdeburg, Kosmoa
Insurance Company of Hamburg and the
Associated Assurance Company, Limited
composed of the Munich Re-Insurance
Company and Alliance Insurance Com-
Prf^t £„ Xls °", c J* the blreest agencies
in the city and does a very large busi
■J^ r F' *vT es 3. dence ls 5? yen as 252 Broad
way in the directory, but he could not be
found at that address last night, neither
d h^ nyb °, dy in v, the neighborhood tell
to what part of the city he had removed
Fall opening of holiday novelties No
VaTencia 2> S tf ce t. 5 &t Emma MaSOn>s ' 9 . 47
WHOLESALE VS. RETAIL.
They Will Play Ball for Sweet
Charity.
The wholesale and retail drygoods men
of this city have formed two teams and
will play to-day at the Velodrome grounds
for the benefit of the sick and unem
ployed members of their fraternity A
big crowd will surely turn out, as the
game will be a good one.
Bain Matrimonial Agency Case.
Mrs. Grace Allison and Isaac "W. Bain,
promoters to the notorious Bain Matri
monial Agency, will escape trial In the
Superior Court on at least one charge
against them. The information filed by
John Lt. Duprey, one of their victims
charging the defendants with conspiracy
to obtain money under false pretenses
has been returned to the Police Court'
Judge Borden decided yesterday that the
charge against the accused is not a fel
ony, but a misdemeanor, and in conse
quence the Superior Court has no juris
diction in the case. This win necessitate
the trial of the accused swindlers In the
Police Court.
Park Music.
The Golden Gate Park Band, weather per
mitting, will render the following programme
to-day at the Park, commencing at 2 p. m. On
concert days flags are placed on the cable-cars
leading to the Park before 12:30 p. m., when
the concert will be given without fall:
Overture, "Morning, Noon and Night".. Suppe
Remembrance of "Tannhauser" Wagner
"Excelsior Ballet Marengo
"In Darkest Africa" Soukr
Selection, "William Tell" Rossini
Overture, ' 'Raymond" Thomas
Flute solo. "Souvenir de Naples" Krakamp
Performed by A. Lombardaro.
Scenes from "Mikado" Sullivan
Dnnse "Chilian Manana" Mlssud
"Kansas Two-Step Pryor
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. lOiT-iOiJMlgilon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBEB 30, 1898.
Etta H out at the wire by four lengths.
The touted P. F. was a fair third.
The Montana-bred colt, Sam McKeever,
carrying the colors of "Gam" Ferguson,
was the supposed "big thing" in the six
furlong sprint for two-year-olds. The
money went in on him in chunks, his
price "dropping from 8 to 5 to 4 to 5. He
must have been short, for, hard ridden by
Piggott from the start, the youngster
never looked dangerous. Obsidian, the
Burns & Waterhouse entry, a i% to 1
chance, shook off his company in the run
home, winning ridden out a length before
Los Medanos.
The short horns fell heavily over the
downfall of La Goleta in the seven-fur
long run. She was lauded to the skies
Recreation, Ridden by Johnny Wood, Captures the
Opening Handicap From Grady.
aB unbeatable, but Napamax made her
look like a selling-plater. The latter was
first to break from the barrier, and won
all the way. La Goleta was ridden out
to beat Morellito for the place. The win
ner closed equal favorite in the betting
The Opening handicap, valued at $1250.
called for some real sharp betting in the
ring Recreation was handed around as
a ripe one, and opened an even raoiey
chance. She has class and certainly
looked the best, but a wild weird tip on
Rubicon, which was backed from 6 to 1
down to B to 2, scared the bookies and
3 to 2 was procurable about Recreation.
All of the other starters receded in the
betting. Ferguson dispatched the field to
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND TRACK, Saturday, Oct. 29, 1898.— First day of the Cali
fornia Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track good.
J. A. MTTRPHT, Presiding Judge. JAMBS B. FERGUSON. Starter.
■iytn FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs: all ages; purse, $400.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Op.
Horse. Age. Weight.
140 Midlove, 2 ..• '
(77) Etta H, 4 t
(97) P F, 4 . 1<
(R9) San Ma tea, 4 1.
... Little Sister, 4 1.
.. Spry Lark, 6 1
... Mocorlto, 3 1<
... Novia, 3 .....1<
... Flambeauette, 4 1(
1
4
2
5
I
6
8
7
9
1 14
4 4
5 h
3 1
2 14
7 2
6 4
8 8
9
1 4
4 2
B 4
3 1
2 1
6 2
7 2
8 4
9
1 8
2 2
4 h
5 4
3 h
6 3
7 2
8 4
9
, 1 4
2 4
3 h
4 4
5 2
6 4
7 2
£ 4
9^
Devin
Wilson
Bullman I
'Sullivan
Snider «...
Burck
McCarthy ....
buokley
S. Smith
> 2
5-2
6
5-2
! 50
50
15
30
50
9-5
5-2
8
5
100
100
20
60
150
titt,o_u 11«- «S4 -42- 64 f., 1:074. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's rh.
Midlothian-Free Love. ' Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Scratched— Lord Marmlon 115.
+aa SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $350.
%m.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
. Horse.
140 Obsidian
(131) Los Medanos
(89) Magdalenas
... Elizabeth R
... Sam McKeever
87 Casdale ■
98 Pearh Blossom
140 Correct •
122 San Augustine. '.
49 Hannah Reid
. . . Santa Flora
5
1
2
6
4
g
9
7
3
11
;io
4 4
2 1
1 1
5 4
3*
9 4
7 h
8 h
6 h
11
10 3
4 1
2 4
1 4
6 h
8 4
8 3
7 4
9 2
« 4
11
10 2
3 1
2 h
1 h
6 1
4 4
7 2
8 1
9 2
6 h
10 5
11
1 1
2 3
3 4
4 3
5 h
6 2
'7 4.
84
9 2
in 6
11
i norpe
Hennessy ....
G. Wilson....
Gray
PlRKOtt
Rutter
3
5
4
15
8-5
20
60
12
S
15
60
9-2
8
10
30
4-5
30
200
25
12
30
200
Houck
Gouln
Devin
Sullivan
Kelly
Time— *4. :24%: 4, :50; %. 1:15. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse'e br. c. by Imp. Stromboli-
Clara L Good" start.' Won first three driving.
Scratched— Limewater 107.
\ApS THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs;
i; purse, $400.
Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
%tn.
Str.
... Napamax, 3 104
(141) La Goleta, 3 107
... Morellito. 3 102
90 Red Glenn, a 104
... Alvero. 5 104
95 Homestake. 4 104|
Xanamax 3 104 1 114 12 12 124 14 Thorpe 16-5 6-5
141) La Goleta 3 107 3 31 22 24 24 22 Hennessy .... 1 6-5
Morellito '3 102 6 4 1 3 1 3 2 3h 3h Garrigan 8 8
"qn Red Glenn a 104 2 6 6 44 44 410 Gray 40 60
Alvero 5 I'M 5 2h 4 2 52 X 3 64 Bullman 60 100
■95 Homes'tak'e," 4 104 4 54648 6 6 Mcßee 100 100
Time— 4 :134; %. :374; %. 1:01%; %, 1:27. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's br. t. by Imp.
Maxim-Napa. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Scratched— Roslnante 104.
1
3
6
2
5
4
114
3 1
4 1
6
2h
5 4
1 2
2 2
3 1
6
4 2
5 4
1 2
2 4
3 2
4 4
5 2
6
1 24
2 4
S h
4 4
E 3
6
1 4
2 2
3 h
4 10
6 4
6
lorpe
mnessy
irrigan
ay
illman
:Bee
1 ,£/> FOURTH RACE— One mile; all
>; value, $1260.
■•' v
Jockeys.
Betting.
Horse. Age.
km.
4m.
%m.
Str.
... Recreation, 3
141 Grady. E '■
141 San Venado, 3 1
13S Morlnga, 3 J
138 Rubicon, a '
(30) Rainier, 2
... Morinel, 3 1
... Rosormonde, 3
... Recreation, 3 98 4 71 61 44 11 11 J. Woods 1 3-2
141 Grady. B 116 8 8 71 53 24 22 Hennessy .... 5 7
141 San Venado, 3 10613 54 42 72 54 3h Itutter 8 20
W Moringa, 3 106(2 24 81 24 34 41 Devln 5 10
138 Rubicon, a 115 5 32 lh 12 41 52 Piggott 6 5-2
(30) Rainier, 2 85 7 114 22 34 61 61 McCarthy .... 60 60
... Morinel, 3 1061 6 64 8 7 1 2 IGarrigan 16 20
... Rosormonde, 3 9411 4 1 5 4 6 1 S 8 Gray 10 20
4
8
3
2
5
7
6
1
7 1 -.6 1
. -> 8 ■■■■ r ■■:'*•■ 71 :
5;%" 4 2
.24 8 1
;32 1 h
114 : 22
6 4 '■ 8
41. 5 4
4 H-.
6 3
,7 2
2 4
1 2
I* .
61
1 1
2 4
si
4 1
6 1
7 1
8
1 111 1
2 2
3 h
':■* l-' r
5 2
,6, 6 1
■»7» 7 2
8
J. "Woods
Hennessy
Kutter
Devln
Plggott
McCarthy ....
jGarrigan
iGray
Time— l 4. :26; 4. :M: %. 1:164: mile. 1:43%. Winner, Bums & Waterhouse's b. f. by
Morello-Plenlc. Good start. Won first three driving.
Scratched— Cromwell UP. La Goleta 114. Marplot 103. Satsuma 122, Ollnthus 89.
A*7 FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth mile*; selling; three-year-olds and upward:
•3" i • ■ ■ purse, $400. : - ; > ■-• -:.»_.;..
Horse. Age. Weight.
Std.
Mm. %m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
141 Shasta Water, 4. ...105 2 14 lh 14 11(4 v 12 Thorpe 6-5 7-5
20 P. A. Finnegan, 3. .105 3 61 63 66 66 34 2n O'Nell 30 50
100 Dolore, 4 105 4 2 4 31 42 214 24 3% Gouln 10 15
93 Rey del Tierra, 4... 108 14% 62 53 64 4h 42 Gray 3 5
... Benamela. 5 105 6 Bl 4 4 8 4 42 61 62 Rutter 6 4
(73) Ringmaster, 4 107 1 5 3 4 22 22 3h 610 68 Bullman 20 30
... Lob Prietos, 3 991 77 7 7 7 7 7 Everson 6 10
... Lady Hurst. 4 107| * Devln 6 10
141 Shasta Water, 4....1
20 P. A. Finnegan, 3..:
100 Dolore, 4 !
93 Rey del Tierra, 4...:
... Benamela, 6 1
(73) Ringmaster, 4 ]
... Lob Prletos, 3
... Lady Hurst. 4 1
2
3
4
1
I
5
7
• .
14 1 h
61- 6 8
24 3 1
4 4 62
61 4 H
.'3 H-./2 2
7 ; /T7; ;
• I'%
66
4 2
V-53 - '
!4
2 2 '
. 7 •
11%. 12
. 6 6 '. 314
24 24
.6 4. 4 h
42 6 1
3hr 610
7 7 : / :
.12.
2 n
■3%".
4 2
6 2
6 8
:- 7 •_
«
I
r .........
San .....
on ■'.;■....
•Loft.
Time— l-16, :07: 6-16. :81%; 9-16. :564; 13-16. 1:224; mile • 1 1-16 m.. 1:48. Winner.
Burns & Waterhouse's b. in. by Imp. Maxim-Tyranny. Fair start. Won first three driving.
Scratched— Bernardino 107.
a pretty start. Ranier and Rubicon
showed first to the stretch, where Johnny
Woods on Recreation loomed up a likely
candidate. The two leaders died away to
nothing, and Woods on the Morello filly
made it four straight for the Burns &
Waterhouse colors. Grady, with Mike
Hennessy up, unfortunate during the ear
lier stages of the running, came with a
fine showing of speed at the end, being
beaten but a length in 1:41%. San Venado,
at long odds, was a good third.
Shasta Water, at 7 to 5, had nothing
much to beat In the final mile selling af
fair, and made a home run hit. P. A.
Finnegan, a 50 to 1 shot, ran a surprising
ly good race, taking the place from Dolore
by a neck.
Track Gossip.
Riley Grannan, the noted plunger, is
again In California, but will not book for
a couple of weeks. Getting into Sacra
mento Friday evening, he there left tne
train and purchased a ticket for Los An
geles, where he will take a well-needed
rest.
The stable sent In a heavy commission
on Napamax, and the ring groaned when
the Maxim filly romped In the easiest
kind of a winner. Midlove was also in
receipt of strong support from the stable.
On the strength of what he had heard
about La Goleta, Virginia Carroll took a
fall out of Napamax, and later repented.
The Baldwin filly Is probably at her best
on a lightning fast track.
In a letter received by his brother
George, Alex Covington, the "Major,"
writes that he is going to make an inva
sion of England with a stable of horses,
and, no doubt, is now on his way to the
land of Dukes, Earls and plum pudding.
He will take along Candelaria, once
owned by Burns & Waterhouse, which
horse was taken from a selling race; Wax
Toy, the medium of qurte a "killing"-
Organ Pilot, Serena and possibly a couple
of other useful ones. Alex, who can tip
thp scale at 115 pounds, will do hia own
riding.
James L. Flood, an enthusiast over the
sport, who has been an absentee fuom tne
local track for some time, was an inter
ested spectator.
Dave Young, the well-known poolroom
operator, "doped" about all the winners,
quitting a good winner on the day's spec
ulating.
••Bill" Vreeland, the New York newspa
per correspondent, who picks both win
ners and losers, arrived from the East
just in time to have a bet down on Mid
love. He followed the fortunes of me
Burns and Waterhouse stable in the race
following and then switched— with the in
evitable result.
Jockey J. Relff, who will be seen in the
saddle next week, is not much larger than
a full grown oyster can, tipping the scales
at 46 pounds. He is described as a great
little man for his inches. His brother
Lester was a very capable lad in the sad
dle until he paid England a visit about
three years ago and there cultivated the
"English roll." That was about all his
followers got for their coin when he re
turned to this side again.
The play in the ring was not large, but
It was steady, and the booKmakers' clerks
parsed out many pasteboards. The fol
lowing firms cut in, seventeen in all: Bill
Jackman, W. H. Harrison & Co., "Vir
ginia" Carroll. Briggs & Co.. Harry Fro
lich, Tom Hurlick, Phil Archibald. Paul
Ridley, George Oxnard. J. K. Willis,
Prussian Club, Jack Atkins, Stuyvesant
Club, Harlan & Co.. J. C. Humphrey,
Hugh Jones and Caesar Young. Two
field books and a combination book were
also doing business.
When the elements this side of Chicago
quiet down a trifle W. H. Snarley, or
"Biscuit Billy," as he is termed by his
friends, will ship a select string out this
Henry Wendt, a clever judge of prices
ADVERTISEMENTS. .„
GENUINE
TORTOISE SHBUU
Monday morning October 31st at eight o'clock, we
begin another sale of genuine tortoise shell goods, at about
one-half the ordinary prices and but little more than the
cost of imitation goods.
A tortoise shell ornament always retains its original
shape; keeps its lustre for years; can be easily polished;
never chips; and then, being genuine, it affords you satis-
faction — the same sort of satisfaction as can be obtained
by wearing a real diamond rather than an imitation.
This will afford a splendid opportunity for satisfying
your Christmas wants, as few guts are more acceptable
than real shell goods.
Hair pinS, - - B£, 10, 15 up to 65 cents each
Hair pinS, extra large, amber tops, 50,85, 1.15 up to $3.50 each
Side COmbS, - - 35, 45, 75 up to $8.00 a pair
Pompadour combs, - $ 1.00, 1.75, 2.35 each
Backcombs, - fl.oo 1.75. 2.35 up to 27.50 each
Neck COmbS, - 85, 85, 1.00 up to $9.00 each
Dressing combs, - - $1.25, 2.00, 3.25 each
Hairbrushes, 810.00 each Hat brushes, 59.50 each
Nail brushes, * 6.75 each
Goods now on display in our windows.
'2S to iZ\ Kearny St.
ad v a&tls mm JS.N is. , -,
BLACK DRESS
FABRICS.
FIVE SPECIAL VALUES.
$1.00 Yard. '
20 pieces 52-inch BLACK
ENGLISH CHEVIOT, shrunk
and sponged, ready for
wear.
$1.75 Yard.
15 pieces BLACK ENGLISH '
CHEVIOT, full 58 Inches .
wide, very heavy quality
and fast colors.
$1.00 Yard.
18 pieces BLACK FIGURED
ARMURES, 43 Inches In . .
width, in a full assortment
of new designs. ;•■' . / ■■>
$1.75 Yard.
12 pieces BLACK FIGURED
MOHAIR GRANITE CLOTH.
43 inches wide, in both
$1.25 Yard. ; Bayaderes and Figures. ;
$1.25 Yard.
8 pieces BLACK FRENCH
VENETIAN CLOTH, 47
inches wide and extra . ...
heavy quality.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
2 cases BLACK ENGLISH. or 17 J
TAILOR CHEVIOTS, 48 XSf* VvH*/|
Inches In width. Price.... Wv 1 ill U« Worth $1.25.
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE GOODS.
111. 113; 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
from the block, . connected at different
times with Barney Schreiber and George
Rot" Arrived from Chicago Frtday^nlKht.
Jim Arthur, owner of George Lee Fer
vor imp. Andes and a few others will
ship from Chicago for this point in a
few cL&y9
John Condon, the Chicago sporting man,
connected with different racing ventures
in the viclnTtv of the Windy cfty, is now
said to be totally blind.
Jockey J. McDonald, a California pro
duction recently indefinitely suspended
a? Hawthorne ■by Captain Rees, is^back
hoiSf Uulws the Memphis racing official
has changed noticeably. McDonald might
as well start in and learn a trade. ,
Walter Kiley. last season an exer
cise boy for William Murray, Is said to
nave developed into quite a rider and
is now in the employ of Jimmy Coff ey.
He can ride at 86 -. pounds.
Napamax and Recreation are trained
by Ben Timmons, while Mike Kelly got
Midlove. Obsidian and Shasta Water
ready for the races. . . ~
r< Among r those who" unpacked their bank
roUs when it was Sam McKeever's turn to
perform was Beauchamp, the jockey. He
had been fortunate enough to • see him
race in Montana. :■,.;'■ - .
There was no just reason why Lady
Hurst should have been left at the post
in the last race. She won four straight
races In Montana over a distance from
good company and was extensively
backed yesterday. Mr. Ferguson is sup. :
plied with a recall flag, and he should
either use it on occasions of this kind or
discard it altogether.
Gray's. effort on Rey del Tierra would
indicate that he must be threatened with
paresis. He was questioned by the judges
in regard to it, and claimed the horse
wanted to run out with him. Perhaps
a burr used on both jockey and horse
next time out would prove . beneficial.
gggiMMt 28 S3 S? & Zl Si & »■■
88 CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIMB. »
ss _ ss
ss - ■■.-■■* IHi It • \'tuf'\} ss
. ■- . H-A W-. wr ft- i *f. if-^ v
i 'omh^- I
2 ODD! Yes, quite odd, but ?
*° our stock is Just full of X
*5 such up-to-date furniture. 88
•O " «»
05 Our new stock of hall trees just un- o»
v packed; all prices; as low«l»/J rtSi 3
25 as $OiUU 88
o» If you have never examined our stock cm
"° we would like you to do so. Not much •*
25 space here to. tell you about It but c*
I 5* '-" J2, • 3ust ' mention that we are**
185 COMPLETE house furnishers, have 85
I«. EVERYTHING for home comfort, and 0.
•° our prices— well, they are lower than *5
gj those of cash houses, and that means o»
the lowest. Send for booklets. Free. **
» J. NOON «
J~- Complete House-Furnisher.
85 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST., 88
• * . ' Above Sixth. eg
8$ 'Phone South- 14. Open Sveninra. „.
rs ss ss ss ss ss ss ss ss ss ss ss ss ss ss ss ss ss
i£H> for
■ jSi .» FINE TAILORING
/^lpt PERFECT FIT, BEST Of
WORKMANSHIP, at
M" 25 per cent Less than Other
R "¥WI Tailors Charge, Go to
fi FINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST Of
. WORKMANSHIP, at
f 25 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go to
JOE POHEIM
/ll c" All Wool SuU * to &i*\ to & Qf"
I |(| T ? „> Order from )IZ t0 4>03
/ if ■ g Pants from .. . $4«°s|Q ,
*p<^*-JB6^ , 201 and 203 Montgomery St.
. B*4 and 846 Market St,
•I JO and ' II- Market St. ■"'■ San Francises.
WE RELY ON r p. pTln
Oculists PbE5C»n
Jo rur\ our specta.de factory^
Bring us Yours.
Opticians kop a a k gency .
642 Market St.
, CHRONICLE BUILDING^
WE EMPLOY NO AGENTS.
BQk OUcbettcr'a EncU»la Diamond Brand. -
Pennyroyal pills
ENNYROYAL PILLS
9 HS»~V Origin and Only GtnnLne. ▲
>-//^»^^\ SAFE, alwajt reliabl*. iaoics ut is\
f"./)\ ij Urujgiit far Ckiehattr < English l>io-£g^L
jf tJPTi.T!cL"" " ' Brand la Ked »od Gold mct*lllc\%V
"fek -~^Vf9 boxM ' »" Illei -wltli blua ribbon. Take V»
"* IP 4^ Vvflao other. Refute dang trout tubit'.ttu- v
I"I ~ : tioru and imitation*. At Dmgji»t«, or«n*4«k
I*» ' «i*' la «t»m r>» for particalari, teitimoirtali as*)
\ V* 0 " Kellcf for Ladle*" <» U(t>r. by rrtara
■Jk.-. If Mall. . 10.000 Tfs-Jmonlali. Ktm* Puptr.
' . ~"""~rC!ii»»iet«t<'rCJ»e«atci»l<.'a.,M(\di»<K»&<s»»r%
••U by all Load UragfUU. • I>T»t,U»A- l«Ar
- Baja California .
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful '-■ aphrodlslne and tpeciflo ■ toala
(or the ; sexual *. and urinary organs ■of both
■exes, | and | a great remedy 1 (or diseases of th«
kidneys ■■ and - bladder. A great Restorative.
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells •on Its own
Merita: no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABEK, ■ ALF3 & BRUNB. v Agents,
m Market atraet.. 8. F.-<Seod for Circuit*THE CALL SUNDAY EDITION
ALICE RIX WITH DEMOCRATIC CANDIDATES.
T was very gay on Sixth street, just by the corner of Sperry-
Jvery gay even for Sixth street, which is never what you might
call slow. The Thirtieth District was out on the sidewalk. A bon-
Ci« blazed berore the San Francisco Athletic Club Hall on the
coiner, a crowd of men stood in the doorway, small boys danced
abound the bonfire, small girls minced around the small boys,
and the ladies of the neighborhood had brought out rocking chairs
and swung to and fro on the curb in the full cheer and glory of the
Xow and again an anxious mother called a small brand back
from the burning.
"Gawgee! Get outer the fire! Yer know whatcher promised me,
Gawgee!"
And for the rest of the time they talked family matters after the
fashion of ladies in conclave and politics, as is more of a fashion,
perhaps, among ladies 4n the Thirtieth than in many more aristocratic
districts.
'•It's the fine Supervisor he'd make for the ward." And "Yer
right there! Ye'd see the improvements he'd be making in them old
Bchoolhouses." And "It's falling down they are, them old school
houses " And "I'm crazed that the children will be walking home
from them dead." And so forth and so on till the band came round
the corner. There were three pieces and the drum In the lead.
"Hurrah! Hurrah! The flag that made us free."
The ladies in the rocking chairs rocked in time to the tune. The
men in the doorway whistled and stamped their feet. A thin child
ish treble piped up on- the words and all the children in the block
took them up and marched round the bonfire.
"Hurrah! Hurrah! We sing the jubilee."
"Listen to my Mamie!" said Mamie's mother. "She's the grand
singer!"
"Ain't she!" said the next rocker, amiably. "Ain't It nice to
hear "em?"
"You can hear Mamie over all of 'em!" said Mamie s mother.
"That's what you can!" cried a voice from behind the rockers—
a big. genial, hearty, affable voice, full of good nature and good
feeling and whole-souled genuineness and human sympathy and
brotherly love and love of children and I know not what besides!
all the qualities a man needs in politics— until he is elected anyway.
And if you only suspected this in the sound of his voice you were
sure of it in the sight of the man as he came around to the front
of th»i rockers and stood there with his stout legs spread, rubbing
his hands together and smiling on Mamie's mother and the next
rocker and Mamie, who was marching by—
"Hurrah! Hurrah! The flag that made us free!"
"That child's got a fortune in her voice," said the genial and
whole-souled one.' "She sings like a bird, Mamie does! W here d you
learn tc sing like that, Mamie?" _ n .„
"To school!" said Mamie between hurrahs— "We sing the jubilee.
"Wonderful! Wonderful! And of course you ladies will be over
to-night just to encourage us candidates? And to hear the Mayor.
That's right! That's right! You ladies are the life of the Demo
cratic party. I often say that! I often say that the ladies have
more to do with electing the right man than the men themselves!
Ha-ha-ha: Ain't that so?"
"You bet its bo," said Mamie's mother.
But the next rocker giggled coquetti.shly.
"And you're the right man, ain't you? Could you tell me a
better man now for Tim to vote for?" ■
The genial man stopped rubbing his hands and stretched them
out before him appealingly. 'Mrs. Quinnehan!" he said gravely.
Tim thinks I'd do best for the ward I hope I'll get his vote, but if
there's any other man he thinks would do better I want him to vote
for that man. It's the interests of the ward I've got at heart. You
tell Timyou heard me say that yourself, will you, Mrs. Quinnehan?
And of course Mrs. Quinnehan s^ild she would and that she knew
whom Tim would vote for, and when the genial and whole-souled one
passed on she looked after him and said to Mamie's mother, "Ain't
he the fine man and the lovely speaker! And so nice to everybody!"
And so. Indeed, he was— as nice as he could be, beaming on the
block as warmly as the bonfire, paying little compliments to all
the rockers, .patting little boys, smiling on little girls, clapping gawk
youth on the back, throwing his arm lovingly over the shoulders of
citizens clean or soiled, drunk or sober, responsive orotherwise, greet
ing the crowd in the doorway of the San Francisco Athletic Club like
long-lost brothers — "old boy" and "old man " and "old borse" and "old
Bocks"— and .asking them all to step up and have something. He
stepped up himself through a door cut in a rough board partition
across cne side of the entrance hall and the crowd after him. And
as it stepped up I vow it grew. I know not how, but a mysterious
summons went out from it and attracted other men to it from the
north, south, east and west of it. Men who were inside the hall came
out, men who were outside the hall came in, men who were up the
block came down, men who were down the block came up, men who
were across the street came over. And they went through the door
In the rough board partition after the fine man and the lovely speaker
who was so nice to everybody and, I suppose, had something, for
standirg alone in the outer hall I heard his hearty, genial voice
above the clink of glasses- and the shuffling of feet, urging them to
have something more. .',«...*_,
Tho hall was decorated bravely in thin strings of bunting, polit
ical banners and placards offering brief imperative advice to voters—
"Vote for Washington Dodge for Assessor;" "Vote for Hull Mc
riau~hry for Justice of the Peace;" "Vote for James D. Phelan for
Mivor " And each placard baited slyly with a picture as if to say,
"I ook on this honest countenance and vote for another man if you
can " Behind the political banners hung the gay silk, gold-fringed
banners awarded to the club. Ropes and rings dangled from the cen
ter ce : llng over that space devoted to contests in the manly art and
r.o\v *lt thick with chairs. A fallen punch-bag lay In a corner beside
anile of carpet, and a gay lithograph of the victorious Fitz, caught
tn ih* brief costume of the ring, was half eclipsed by a portrait of
Jr-nos G Masuire done on cotton in his campaign coat.
Th<* band came in and eat on the punch-bag and the pile of car
pets ard tooted three toots of the "Wabash." The crowd came back
through the door in the rough board partition and filed slowly into
the hall. A few more came in from the street. The little boys and
the little girls among them and a man with a young baby in his
arms. He was a tired looking man, pale, soft-eyed, delicately bearded
like the gentle Nazarene, and he held the baby with a practiced hand
that told its motherless story well. The better sort of men passed,
b-<- a tacit understanding, to the chairs in the middle. of the hall;
the others climbed the tiers of rough benches, like circus seats, which
lined the side walls to the roof, and the worst, as often happens,
went to the top. , .
The baby cried out sharply in its sleep upon its father s breast.
He soothed it tenJerly and a woman straggling by looked down at it
and at him. She was a dissipated looking woman with a rough face
and reel eyes, but she smiled a sudden sweet, womanly smile and said:
"Ain't it cunnin'."
Father smiled back at her and she passed on to the circus seats
and scrambled up them, shrieking and catching at the shoulders of
men til she reached the top. A man who looked like a bunco-steerer
grabbed her by the arm when she got there.
•■l. ay down!" he said thickly. "Lay down!"
The men in the middle chairs were interesting— like with the
kinship of class, grim, strong-featured, lined, worn, with serious
eyes. They were here to help make the city's laws, to elect the city's
lawmakers. One could see that they took such matters seriously if
not intelligently. The pity of it was they were in the minority. A
sort of master of ceremonies stood by the door and shoved people
along out of the passageway. He caught me under the elbow.
"Want to sit front?"
"No," I said, rescuing the elbow.
"There'll be a crowd here by the door,"- he argued, reaching out
again, "and you can't see the Mayor if you sit here."
"Thanks," I said. "I've seen him."
A woman who had not snatched at my wasted opportunity. I
saw her yield a willing elbow and go hustling through the chairs
to the very first row. She sat there with her eyes glued to the
curtain at the left of the stage and started nervously every time it
was lifted to let a candidate through. :" And after all the Mayor- Kame
by the other door— democratically, you know, right through the
crowd, so that he was recognized and cheered from the start. { ■
But this was later. All the other candidates came first— the
would-be Supervisors and Assessors and School Directors and City
and County Clerks and Attorneys and Justices of the Peace. And
what they all, with an exception or two, wanted to put themselves
in this embarrassing position for I could not say— perhaps at
that moment could they. Their political aspirations seemed to weigh
on them like a load of shame. They apologized for taking up the
time of the audience with their poor remarks and volunteered to
make these as short as possible— which they certainly did not
dwelt on the superior merits of other candidates (for other offices, of
course;, expatiated on their own unworthiness and had, usually, to
be helped oft by the chairman. One pitied them out of a full heart
to see them so shamed and shy and wondered, as I have said before,
why on earth they had rushed into politics at all if they felt this
way about it, since it is so easy to hide one's unfitness for public
office by remaining in private life. They were all floridly introduced
by the chairman, adorned with characters they could not hope to
sustain, painted in colors that were sure to fade, and then turned
over to the Thirtieth. < ■ , .
"This is Mr. Bartlett! One of that famous family of Bartletts
who have figured in the political history of the State. Mr. Bartlett
is fitted by heredity as well as natural ability for public office. I
will leave my brilliant young friend to speak for himself."
Mr. Bartlett smiled palely on the Thirtieth and began with a
little anecdote about a man named Pat who had a bucket of rock
dropped on him. "Are you dead, Pat?" said the man who dropped
the bucket. "Naw! O'im not dead," said Pat. "but O'lm knocked
spacheless." The Thirtieth received this in stony gloom. It was
evident that Mr. Bartlett had dropped a bucket of rock. He paused
hopefully and cast a deprecating eye over the house. The bunco
steerer rose at him from under the roof.
"Lay down!" he shouted. "Lay down!"
The chairman rapped for silence and Mr. Bartlett finished his
speech. He made a point of having been born in the neighborhood.
"I have lived," he said, "almost within sound of my own voice!"
"You must have a strong constitution," observed a man at the
back of the hall.
The Thirtieth laughed brutally and Mr.- Bartlett hurried away
from his childhood's home to other matters of Interest and sat down
in the midst of rustling and shuffling that must have told him he
was not good for one word more.
Not so Mr. Twigg, who might have talked for ever to the Thirtieth
if he could but have found the words. But words were not ex
actly in Mr. Twigg's line. He had a few, of which he made repeated
use, but even a good thing cannot last forever. , Mr. Twigg wanted
to go to the Senate from the Thirtieth. He put it very unostenta
tiously. He said he wasn't no self-flatterer, that is to say, he wasn't
no hand to flatter himself, but he thought he could flatter himself
to the extent that he had always been honest and he thought a man
wasn't flattering himself any too much who could say that, but still
he flattered himself it wasn't every man who could flatter himself
so much. Then he said he thought honesty was a good thing.
The Thirtieth cheered this sentiment wildly. Mr. Twigg was so
pleased that he said it again. Then he said that if he got elected to
the Senate he meant to be an honest Senator if he wasn't nothing
else. And the Thirtieth cheered him off almost as wildly as they
cheered Mr. Hanrahan on. I forget now what it is Mr. Hanrahan
wants. I know if the Thirtieth has any influence he is likely to get
it, whatever it is. After the Mayor, Mr. Hanrahan was the man of
the night. He was modest and I think sincere, and certainly brief.
" "You know me," he said. "I was born in the Thirtieth. I went
to school in the Thirtieth. I've worked in the Thirtieth. If you
don't' all know me it's because I've worked hard ever since I left
school and I haven't got round much among you. But I guess you
all know me." ■•■■V ■ »
And that was about all there was to Mr. Hanrahan's speech.
But* what need, may I ask, has man to say more- when a little will
succeed so well? 4 Mr. Pope, aspirant " for the honors of
School Director, talked for : twice the time and talked exceeding well
without producing half the effect. His was the instructive style,
full of suppositious cases, mathematical calculations , and quota
tions from the great. His dignity was invincible. The bunco
steerer told him twice to "Lay down!" without disturbing the even
tenor of his grave discourse and the Thirtieth was cowed to silence
by his superior English. Still it. was not enthusiastic over him
as it was over Mr. Hull McClaughry, a keen- faced, clear-eyed young
man who wants to be Justice of the Peace, and said quite candidly
that he thought he would make a pretty good one— indeed, he 4
looked as if he might— and that he would try anyhow for all there
was in him and he hoped his fellow citizens in the Thirtieth would
vote fr.i him If they felt the same way, and anyhow he hoped, when
they were making up their minds about bigger candidates for bigger
nlacesT that they would remember him and those little two hundred
and ninety-nine dollar jobs out at the City Hall . Then he ducked
a briof little bow and said he was very much obliged to them for :
listening to him and got himself into his hat and coat and: out of
the ha* in a great hurry, with everybody stamping and clapping
a d Th°e W no n i?e SnoS't that r the m baby woke up and turned a fat
little rtd f ace inauirlngly from its father's vest and woke up its |
father whose Gentle weary head was nodding over.it. The chairman
rose to < ask the audience to be patient as the Mayor was expected to
o^?,ri * ♦ ™v moment Meantime Mr. Cannon, candidate . for
School ■ XcrwurdS a few remarks. Mr. Cannon apologized
fnr hi I M'.nr. to D? Dodge, which he said he could not help,
for his resemblance *o J^lttle puns for which he offered no apology
Jfairan'dThiSvJ^i he might , have said or done was forgotten
fn the Xst?mi£ S picking up a gentlemen who had fallen off the
tOP Tnc r n O i C lar^e warm hoarse, bald man of Shakespearian address
tool^th* tlJfl'r.l Greeted with cries of "Hello,. Prank! . Give:
ittou?«t£?lht^ the boy talk! Go ahead, old socks! You're
talkln* to fronds*" After which the ; chairman introduced him
£ posiilble^an"™ as Mr' Franklin K. Lane, candidate for City
and County Attorney.  ,^ Ln ; ; #£ a , — .tuffedV gesture. ?
inaicith^ of KespearUn jßoni.hm.nt. "to s«c &I. gathering- here!
I have heard it said on AiarKei
street that James D. Phelan Is not
popular In the Thirtieth District."
"Yesh, she is!" interrupted a
gentleman .at the back of the hall.
■Mosh poplar man ahouth Market
street. Three sheers f'rm shouth
Market f'r James D. Phelan!"
"Hooray! Hooray! Hooray! '
howled the Thirtieth, and th
band played "Rum-tiddy-um-tum
Rum-tum-tum!"
Then the chairman rapped fo
order and Mr. Franklin K. Lan.
went on with his remarks. Hi
said he did not wish to take ud
the time of this fine audience.
"Stop right there." said a voice from the line audience. "Stop
"ight there, Frank! You can have all the time you want. We're your
friends and we've got time to burn."
'Yes, thanks," replied Mr. Lane, blandly, "but I've got to speak
at two other meetings myself. Besides the Mayor will be here pre
sently (wild cheers) and I want to get in a few remarks about him
before he comes and about some of the other candidates, including
myself."
"What's the matter with Franklin K. Lane?" shouted the Thir
tieth. "He's all right!"
Mr. Lane bowed appreciatively and went on with his few re
marks 1 . He made all the old points over again, but he made them
nr ji Wo Hnnpnlf'fl tnrifiillv to the wnrltinsman to sunr»ort. the mer
of his own ctaa», mentioning adroitly that he had worked hnnselt
■with "these two good hands," also that he had gone hungry on the
streets of San Francisco while looking for work to do with. them.
And then what did he do? Did he go to the mansions of Nob Hill
and ank the bloated bondholders for their gold? No! He went to
the honest workingman— his friend and equal— and borrowed a dollar
from him and paid it back, too, as soon aR he could! And that was
what the working-men wanted to do. They wanted to hold together,
to keep to their own, to stick to their friends! To such men as
James D. Phelan and James G. Maguire, who belonged to the work
ing class themselves— Just as he, Frank Lane, did— and he was proud
of it! And in the midst of his enthusiasm Mr. Frank Lane neglected
to mention why he himself had stopped working with his two good
hands to study law with his one good head — any more than James
G. Maguire ever explained why he left that anvil of which he is ■*«
monstrous proud during campaigns and keeps so carefully in the
background at other seasons of the year.
The Mayor came in to three Wagnerian trumps on the trombone.
The Thirtieth cheered him to a man. Its representatives crowded so
close to him that he had to pick up the skirts of his campaign coat—
that sober black diagonal of priestly cut which belongs in common
to politician and undertaker— and pull it along after him.
"Where do they get their clothes?" I whispered to the man
with me.
"Goldstein & Cohen's," he whispered back. "Good political make
up, isn't It? "Wait till you see Maguire's!"
"But Maguire Is not coming over here to-night."
"We'll go over to him. We'll go with the Mayor. Listen!"
"What's the matter with Patton?"
The cry came from the back of the hall and the Thirtieth roae
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1898.
to settle it. A man with S. F. F. D. on his cap struck his hand on
his le/r and shouted, "The whool foire department is behoind Phalin,
and that settles Patton!"
"Lay down!" said the bunko steerer, sleepily. 'Dye hear? Lay
down!"
Meantime the Mayor extended a pacific hand and smiled a smile
of peace. He said Patton was all right because nobody knew any
thing about him.
'Wait,' he said dramatically. ""Wait until he has had two years
in the City Hall and then we can tell what's the matter with him!"
Then he told his little hard-luck story about the jeers of the
Republican press and his persecution at the hands of false-hearted
lamp-lighters and made a few little boasts and threats about the
gas and water companies and what he had done and what he meant
to do to them. And then he bowed his little bow and went his little
ways with the cheers of the Thirtieth and three more Wagnerlan
trumps of the trombone to speed him— as pleased a little politician
as ever worked hard for popularity "shouth Market and got it,
such as it is, and for whatever it is worth.
And with him went all the glory of the meeting in the Thirtieth
District. The candidates who concluded it spoke to emptying benches
md (o idle ears. The band stole quietly away. Even the bunco
steerer went home, and the woman with the red face with him, and
alter them the tired father and the baby asleep again on his breast.
At the Metropolitan Temple, where the Mayor went, and 1 close
after him, were none of these interesting things— no babies, no bunco
•Ueerers, no bonfires, no atmosphere, no excitement, no inter
ruptions to speak of. There was not even very much Mayor. Ho got
a rousing, cheering reception and the three Wagnerian trumps— so
like those of the Thirtieth District that I suspected him of carrying
an automatic trombone under his coattails. But as the Thirtieth
District meeting was all for Phelan, so the Metropolitan Temple meet
ing war all for Maguire.
And so was Maguire. That campaign modesty which inspires
candidates to dilate on the merits of one another hath no place In
the Maguire philosophy. The gubernatorial candidate of the Demo
cratic party talks about himself. He speaks in sneering contrast of
his "distinguished opponent" and speaks of him thus too often— some
six or seven times in the same sentence — so that in listening I was
somewhat minded of the oratory of Mr. Twigg. But fondly as the
Maguire fancy clings to the word "distinguished," used in a satiric
sense, it is yet more firmly set on the little words "I" and "me."
These drop from his tongue as honey droppeth from the comb and
linger sweetly on his lipe and leave them only to return. His speech
was a little autobiography, bound in the beauty of self-esteem, his
manner a vast compliment to himself, his acknowledgment of ap
plause in the nature of approval, his egotism of that smug and
smiling sort that maddens whom It hears. And although I am as
good a Democrat as ever wrote for a Republican newspaper I longed
to hear the buncq.-§teerer say to James G. Maguire: •**••■» rtownl"
ALICE RI2C,18
Buying "Liquor.FHled Candy" in a Popular Candy Store.
Official Analysis of the Candy.
1 have analyzed samples of candies known as "chocolates filled with
cordial," and find the contained liquid to be rum. water and sugar.
Youra respectfully, . FRANK T. GREEN,
Chemist San Francisco Board of Health, Etc.
A BEAUTIFUL box done up in
dainty wrappings and filled with
Maskey's beet chocolates has
carried almost as much havoc
in its wake as the celebrated
Botkin candy.
It aroused the indignation of the re
cipient, who is a prominent member of
the Woman's Christian Temperance
Union.
She immediately put on her bonnet
and armed with the innocent looking
candy sallied forth to horrify the
friends with -the alluring sweets. She
took the box with her to the last meet
ing of the W. C. T. U., and a resolution
•was passed condemning the character
of the candy.
The committee did not condemn the
donor of the candy. In fact, she was
as horrified as the other ladies when
she learned that her gift, meant as a
token of affection, contained "poison."
"Poison" is the term the ladies of the
W. C. T. U. apply to the objectionable
ingredient of the candy.
"Rum" is the term the chemist, who
has analyzed the candies, applies to
the ingredient.
Chocolates filled with cordials is the
name the manufacturer makes use of.
The lady who bought the candy asked
for assorted chocolates. ' She was not
aware of the fact that there are choco
lates filled with rum. Hence she did
not -request the shop girl to leave out
the "cordial chocolates."
When the box reached its destination
it was hailed with delight and immedi
ately opened. The first candy eaten
was filled with a liquid of a peculiar
taste and odor. That is, it tasted pe
culiar to the. member of the W. C, T. ('.
She passed the box to a man and he
selected, a similar candy.
"Rum!" succinctly announced the
man, who is not a member of the W.
C. T. U.
1 How Mrs. Dorcas J. Spencer, Secretary of the W.
C. T. U., Discovered the "Rum
> Filled Caodies."
, r> ONFECTIONB filled with alcohol in any form are a most serious
I menace to the well-being of the nation. It is a scientific fact
> \_^f that there are a large number of persons who have a latent in
> herltance of alcoho-lic appetite. This may remain dormant through
• life if it has no awakening stimulant. An alcoholic-filled confection
• is one of the most insidious methods of enkindling that appetite.
• Young ladies are so often the recipients of these candies and there
by get a taste for liquor, whereas no grosser form of temptation
> could reach them m their protected lives. Were it not for the rum
> filled candies their tasts for liouors might never be awakened. When
- I was Retting advertisements for our annual report I found that we
could not acoept the advertisements of confectioners, as all the leading
ones made and sold rum-filled candies. One confectioner openly told
me that there was not a first-class dealer in the city who did not
■ carry them. Some way should be evolved for stopping this nefariou*
• practice. If there is anything worse than alcohol Satan never dis
• covered it.
There were five of these rum-filled
candies in the box. The others-were
chocolates made of harmless concoc
tions. The rum-filled candies were ta
ken out of the box and shown to the
sympathizers and members of the W.
C. T. U. The recipient of the candy
felt it her duty to investigate the mat
te: anu Bee •whcilicr the demand for
such candies was widespread.
• She first went to Haas' candy store.
"Have you any filled chocolates?" she
asked the shop girl.
"Filled with what?" Inquired th«
girl.
"I don't know," responded the lady;
"but it's some sort of liquid."
"Oh, you mean the candles filled with
rum," and the girl proceeded to mea
pur« out the required amount.
"Most people like chocolates, don't
they?" said the W. C. T. U. member,
artlessly
"Yes. especially these filled with cor
dial," answered the girl.
Gruenhagen's was the next store vis
ited. Chocolates filled with rum were
purchased, th* shop girl making no se
cret of the nature of the ingredient.
"What do you call these candies?"
asked the W. C. T. U. member.
"Chocolates filled with cordials,"
answered the girl.
"Are they good?" Inquired the lady.
"Everybody likes them. They are
very popular. We sell a great many,"
responded the girl.
A number of the smaller shops down
town were visited and In all of them
the ruin-filled or "cordial" chocolates
were obtainable.
The candy shops in the Western Ad
iition sell a great many 'cordial"
chocolates. The Woman's Christian
Temperance Union member bought a
niX <>f them at Bernheim's on Polk and
Butter streets. "I want to buy a box
>f filled chocolates for my little girl,"
she said.
Filled with cordial?" asked the shop
ijirl.
"What is the cordial made of?" in
juired the lady.
"Rum," promptly responded the shop
jirL
•I wonder whether my little girl will
ike them," said the W. C. T. U. mem
aer.
•Oh, yes, all the children in this
aei^hborhood are just crazy for them.
Mrs. Maria Freeroan Gray, President of the W. C.
T. U. f Declares the Law Should
Act Promptly.
EVERY effort should be made to stem the increasing popularity
of rum-filled candies. I think it is the most dangerous practice
in the way of creating an appetite. It is even more harmful
than the practice of giving to the children the sugar saturated with
rum that is left in the bottom of the glass. Because a mother gives
the child the chocolates entirely ignorant of their contents. It is more
of a menace to children than the saloon. For if a child is given liq
our straight he does not like the taste as a rule. But he soon learns
to like it when it is done up so seductively in chocolates. Mothers'
attention must be called to these candies and public sentiment
aroused. But to make it absolutely effectual there should be a law
against such candies and a fine for their manufacture and sale.
There are so many instances where we must first decrease the de
mand before we can ask the manufacturer to cease. But this is a
practice thM can and must be stopped at once.
They like them better than any other
kind. I'm sure she'll like them; all
children do. I like them myself," and
the shop girl ate one with evident
relish.
The W. C. T. U. member went back
to Maskey's, where the original box
was bought. She saw two young ladies
whom she knew entering the store.
They met at the counter.
"Wait till she goes out before you buy
them; she's a W. C. T. U.," she heard
one girl whisper.
Opinion of Mrs. Nellie Blessing Eyster, Editor of
the Official Organ of the
W. C. T. U.
r | 'HE confectioner who sells rum-fllled candles should use on his pla
cards "Will you walk into my parlor, said the spider to the fly,"
± tor he is offering: something the contents at which are unknown,
and wherein lurks deadly danger. Heretofore I was not even
aware that such candles existed. I am told, however, that they have
been on the market for some time, and that their popularity is con
stantly increasing. Now that mothers are aware of the existence of
rum-filled confections they can take precautions to keep them from
their children. But as long as the manufacture and sale of rum-filled
candies is allowed it will be almost impossible to prevent such candies
from falling into hands where they will do infinite mischief. Rum
put up in such a seductive form may create an appetite for liquor
which otherwise might never have been aroused. It matterß not that
the quantity oX rum in each candy is small. There is an ample suf
ficiency to create a desire for more and thereby another life wrecked.
A box of confections that contains one of these rum-filled candies is
not a suitable gift for man, woman or child. But unfortunately candy
more often falls to the child, and thus is the first seed of temptation
gown. Some way must be determined upon to grapple with and crush
the practice of filling candies with rum.
THJ3 SA^f FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1898.
"LIQUOR-FILLED CANDY" SOLD WOMEN AND CHILDREN
"Oh, she won't know what they are,"
responded the other girl, and forthwith
she ordered a pound of "cordial choco
lates."
"What is the cordial made of?" asked
the W- C. T. U. member.
"I don't know," replied the girl
hastily, "but they are rather nice," and
blushing at her flb the two girls left
the store.
The girl who bought the rum-filled
candy was rather surprised to receive
a visit from the W. C. T. U. member
that same afternoon.
"I came all the way out here," she
said, "to tell you that' those cordial
chocolates are filled with rum."
"Oh, I don't think so," aaid the girl,
weakly.
"I am positive. The manufacturers
say so and I have had them analyzed
by a chemist. Won't you throw them
away?"
"We've eaten them all up. Anyway
there isn't enough rum in them to
hurt," answered the girl defiantly.
Then the W. C. T. U. member told
her something that she had never .
known. It was of a man who had
taken "not enough to hurt" and finally
had died a drunkard's horrible death.
"Is that the reason I like the candies
so much? Have I inherited the taste
from papa? Now that I realize the
danger I can fight against it." and the
girl crushed the empty box resolutely
and tearfully thanked her friend.
Then the W. C. T. U. member went
over to Oakland. She toured the candy
stores there and in most of them found
"cordial chocolates."
She bought a box of assorted choco
lates and took them out to a friend.
"Here is the kind the baby likes,"
RUM, BRANDT, WINE AND ABSINTHE SOLD IN CONFECTIONS IN
VARIOUS CANDY STORES.
Members of the Women's Christian Temperance Union Investigate the Matter
and Decide to Inaugurate an Active Campaign to Stamp Out the Evif.
MEMBERS OF THE WOMEN'S CHRISTIAN TEMPERANCE UNION DISCUSSING THE "LIQUOR-FILLED CANDY" PROBLEM
AND PASSING RESOLUTIONS AGAINST THE EVIL.
said her friend, biting into a cordial
chocolate.
"Do you know what that is?" asked
the W. C. T. U. member.
"No. I have always intended to ask
what they flavor these candies with be
cause the children are so fond of them."
"If you knew that it was rum would
you allow the children to eat ttiem?"
"Certainly not. But is it really rum?
I never imagined 6uch a thing. To think
that I have been buying them un
knowingly and perhaps giving the chil
dren an appetite for rum. You ought
to let every mother know what the
contents of these candies are so "that
they can be on their guard. Many
mothers are now committing a crime
through ignorance and they should be
told."
That is exactly what the W. C. T. U
member thought.
So at the meeting of the San Fran
cisco W. C. T. U. last Wednesday she
brought up the subject. She told of her
investigations and a very animated dis
cussion followed.
Some of the ladles had long been
aware of the existence of alcoholic
liquors in confections, but none had
Mrs. A. E. Bradley, Business Manager of the Pacific
Ensign, Says "Rum-Filled" Candy Must
Not Be Sold.
IN allowing the sale of rum-filled confections we are laying the
first stepping-stone to intemperance. Peopie buy the candles and,
entirely Ignorant *h th#y are filled with, eat them. If there
is a dormant instinct, an appetite is soon created. These candies are
a stab in the dark. They fail into the hands of children and do their
deadly work. Girls who otherwise would never be tempted learn to
like the taste and seek it in other forms and in greater quantities.
There seems to be little doubt that the female parent is the more gen
eral transmitter of the alcoholic taint. How much sin and misery then
can be accomplished by these seemingly harmless candies! The sale
and manufacture of any confections containing alcohol in any form
should at once be legislated against. It particularly menaces our
children, and thus strikes a blowat the hope and salvation of the
entire nation..
ever realized how widespread was their
sale.
They unanimously agreed that It wag
a most dangerous habit. Ways and
means of preventing the sale of siu-h
candies were discussed. The ladies de
termined that something must be done
at once as the confections filled with
rum are temptations that assail those
who otherwise might never meet the
tempter. A definite way of fighting the
rum-filled chocolates was put over till
the next meeting and the following
resolution was adopted by a unanimous
vote:
Moved that we greatly deplore
the increased popularity of the use
of alcoholic liquors In confectionery
—believing that thereby a pernicious
taste is engendered and a danger
ous habit encouraged. We m<»si
heartily approve of any action pro
hibiting the manufacture and sale
of the same
Whether the candy dealers will take
the same point of view that the W. C.
T. U. does is a question.
The chemist who analyzed the choco
lates Bays that the percentage of rum
In each candy is small.
But the W. C. T. U. care not about
the amount. They say there is enough
to create a longing in the eater If she
has a latent tendency toward alcohol,
and certainly enough to awaken a de
sire for more If the taste of the candies
is found particularly agreeable.
So the Union is determined that at
least every one shall know the exact
nature of the ingredients of the so
called "Ghocolate cordials." If vKomen
still eat them and give them to children
it will not be through ignorance of their
contents.
But if they can possibly bring it
about the W. C. T. U. will drive the
confections filled with alcoholic stimu
lants entirely out of the market.
BANKING IN SWITZERLAND.
Some of the methods are sufficiently
antiquated, according to our standards.
For Instance, it requires fifteen minutes
in which to make a deposit at a bank.
Every banking boilM has numerous
chairs outside the railing, and the visitor
is expeited to sit quietly and cultivate a
spirit of patience while the machinery is
getting under way. A customer who
wlabea to make a deposit goes to a
window and hands in his money, together
with a memorandum of the amount. The
employe behind the railing counts th«
money and prepares a receipt for it. add
ing his signature by way of preliminary.
Then a small boy takes this receipt up
stairs and submits it to an official, who
studies and then ponders for a while
as to whether it will be safe to take the
money. If he decides that the bank can
undertake the risk he passes the receipt
to another man. who prepares a dupli
cate slip and makes several entries and
finally signs his name. Then, as soon as
another man has examined the receipt and
added his name, it Is taken downstairs
and turned over to the depositor. There
Is one satisfaction — the money is thor
oughly deposited.
An American residing in Zurich went
to the bank the other day with a check
which had been given to him by a busi
ness man in a large town near here. He
handed in the check, and twenty minutes
later received his money, less 14 cents
charges. The American was well known
liM
"NON TREATING CLUB.'
FREE FOR ALL.
When you want a drink, tak: it, and don't im
agine you will offend any one by not aski. g
eight or ten to "join you."
Wear the Button and make a pledge to yourself
not to trsat any one who is a member.
Do not detach the Bntton from this card if you
have any conscientious scruple , but pass it to
some friend.
"MANY HAPPY DAYi."
OBJECT.
PLEDGE,
TERMS.
Fac-Slrrjiiie of tfoe Card of the Non-Treating Club.
THE NON-TREATING CLUB
HAS JUST COME TO TOWN
OBJECT: When you want a drink take it, and
don't imagine you will offend anyone by not
asking eight or ten to "join you."
HAVE you joined the Non-Treat
ing Club yet?
If you haven't you had batter
get a button and declare your
self a member as soon as you
can. That is if you wish to be
up to date, for the Non-Treating Club
is one of the greatest movements ever
started in this or any other cc-untry,
at least its promoters say it is.
The Non-Treating Club started in
Chicago only a few weeks ago. It now
has thousands of members all over the^
country and has just struck San Fran
cieco. The first box of 500 buttons was
received here only a few days ago and
already the supply is exhausted. An
order for several thousand has been
sent to Chicago and it is very apparent
that they won't last long after they
get here.
Everybody who has joined the Non-
Treating Club thinks it the greatest
Bcheme that ever was, and many who
haven't joined are singing its praises
and calling aloud for a button and a
membership card.
In fact the only men who have been
heard to utter a word against the Non-
Treating Club are the saloon-keepers.
They say it is bad because it strikes
at sociability. Members of the Non-
Treating Club have another explana
tion.
With a membership of only a few
thousand in San Francisco the Non-
Treating Club could strike a heavier
blow at the evils OK the liquor business
than all the temperance talk that has
been launched here in years or any pro
hibition law that has been enacted.
The founder of the Non-Treating Club
is E. T. Monett at Chicago. He aays
that the club wa« formed to correct the
evils of the treating habit in saloons.
Summed up the principal evil of the
treating habit Is that it makes us drink
too much.
"I like a glass of wine," says Mr.
Monett. "I am satisfied the glass of
wine will do me no harm; in fact, not
as much as a cup of tea. But one glass
is all I do want. More than one glass
causes a slight discomfort — the same
as too much food. And yet it Is hard
to* get only one glass.
"You ask why? Well, if I go into a
saloon and see a friend there it gener
ally follows that I have to ask him to
drink. If this treating habit stopped
there all would be
well, bat he asks
me to drink also,
and if 1 refuse he
feels offended. Then
other friends come
in and the process
Is repeated. The re
•uii is that before I
know It I have
mure than is good
fur me.
l "The Non-Treat
ine Cluh wan start.
Button of the Non-T.e»tir{
Club.
Ed by myself and a few friends agreeing
not to treat one another. In a very feu
days we all saw the benefit of the plan
and explained it to others, who at once
became eager to join. At present it is
possible for me to- leave my office, get
my own drink and cume back without
offending my friends and foolishly
drinking more than is good for me. It's
a #ieat scheme. The railroad men have
taken it up and are spreading the good
work."
At present it is a little hard to pick
out the Non-Treating Club buttons
from among the vast number being
worn for favorite candidates. But the
buttons are there. The five hundred
have been well distributed. When th»y
are cast among a lot of friends they do
the most good, for each understands
the feelings of the others.
Thf most noticeable movement of
this kind has been among the pupils of
Professor Van der Naillen's school of
engineering. Most of them are men
somewhat along in years, but as usual
they fell into the college habit of treat,
ing one another. It was an evil of so
ciability.
Bui now all is changed. Th* entire
seventy-flve pupils have joined the
Non-Treating Club. No pupil will ac
cept or tender a drink when erne or
mure of them are together. If one
wants a drink he buys it and the others
are not offended at not being asked.
The result is that they have all that
they want to drink, but no more, and
consequently have more money than
they had under the c-ld pernicious treat
ing system.
That's why they're shouting: '•Hur
rah for the Non-Treating Club!"
The Japanese Government has con
cluded to establish at Tokio a university
library after the model of the Congres
sional Library at Washington. It is to
have room for 600,000 volumes and 500
Ijlaces for x-eaders.HERE IS A GIRL WHO WAS BORN
A MERMAID
OVER in Oakland is a. little girl
who has the most extraordinary
skin in the wide world. Her
name is Lolita Farron, and she
lives near Lake Merritt.
Her skin is not remarkable on ac
count of its beauty or transparency,
but because it is scaled exactly like the
skin of a fish. Twice every day her
mother rubs her from head to
with sweet oil. After the oiling the
skin loses in a degree its scaly a]
ance. At night Lolita is wrapped in
clothes saturated with oil. By constant
applications of oil her skin is preserved
in a fairly smooth condition and it is
when very close to her that the
fish-like scales are apparent. Other
wise she looks like any other pretty,
healthy -child of fourteen. Save for her
skin and web feet she is a perfectly
normal child.
Lolita can swim and dive like the
phs and mermaids of old. The sul
len boom of the waters, a heavy storm
i, these are as sweet music to her.
ears. When the current is stronsrest,
y.hen the waves leap highest and the
salt spray splashes, then she plunges,
in and gleefully breasts the ocean's
wave, while stronger lrmbs and fainter
hearts quail on shore. .
"She swims like a fish," said the peo
n the beach at Santa Cruz, watch
ing Lolita outdistance all other swim
mers.
"No wonder she swims like a fish."
mysteriously replied one of Lolita's
schoolmates, 'she is like a fish."'
"She is like a fish," echoed along the
beach until it reached Lolita herself
and played about her ears, robbing the
f its music and the waves of their
chercn. Lolita and her mother packed
their trunks and returned to their home
In Oakland.
But the salt of the sea and the lap
of the waves tormented her nights and
made miserable her days. A daily swim
in the Piedmont baths did not drown
the memory of the ocean's swell, and
Lolita was sent to Santa Barbara for
the rest of the vacation. This child
"SAN JOSE" SCALE IN NEW YORK.
From the New York Press.
ITHACA, Sept. 24.— Last Sunday
afternoon as two Cornell scientists
were walking out Ninth avenue in
the neighborhood of Ninetieth
street. New York city, one of them
suddenly stopped to examine the shrubs
by the wayside. In a moment he ut
tered an exclamation. He had made a
discovery which will be of the greatest
importance to the lovers of trees in the
metropolis — it was that dreaded pest,
the San Jose scale.
It has been known for some time by
entomologists and nurserymen that the
San Jose scale infests certain parts of
New Jersey and Long Island, but never
before has it been discovered in New
York city. Unless the spread of the
pest is arrested there the beautiful
vegetation in Central Park will in a few
years become either permanently in
jured or totally destroyed.
It was H. P. GoUld, assistant in the
College of Agriculture at Cornell, who
is also one of. the State inspectors ap
pointed to look for the San Jose scale
in the vicinity of New York, who dis
sd the insect near Central Park
last Sunday. After finding the traces
of the scale Mr. Gould made an inves
tigation and discovered, not only the
shrubbery "n the streets of the city
but the trees of Central Park are more
or less infected with the scourge. It is
estimated that it will take three years'
work under a resident inspector to
eradicate the pest from New York city,
even if the work were started immedi
ately. The scale has been found also
within the last few days in nurseries in
Flushing and Bronxville.
The most efficient method of eradi
cating this pest is said to be a mixture
with two pounds of whale oil
: one gallon of water.
Ol this notorious insect, which feeds
upon the life blood of fruit and other
Professor Roberts, director of the
■ of Agriculture at Cornell, said
this year, In addressing the Commis
slonera of Agriculture at Albany: "Per
ibject connected with fruit
ing requires more careful study ■
and investigation at the present time
than this pest, which has already se
cured a firm foothold in many localities.
means can be found for
arresting : | an^ o f eradicating
it where it has already appeared the
fruit industry of New York, which now
brings many millions of income to the
farmers, will have to be largely aban
doned."
An authority upon this subject re
cently wrote: "There is perhaps no In
sect capable of causing greater damage
to fruit Interests in the United States,
or perhaps In the world, than the San
Jose ecnJe. or pernicious scale. It is not
striking in appearance and might often
remain unrecognized, or at least mis
Very Like a Fish When She Was an Infant
How Her Scaly Skin Was Changed.
of fourteen swam in a way that
astounded the oldest surf-bather.
One morning a young lady, a novice
in swimming, ventured out far beyond
her depth. and was unable to return to
the beach. As easily and lightly as a
sea gull skims over the wavea little
Lolita swam out to the drowning girl
and brought her in to shore.
"She swims like a fish," said an old
gentleman.
"Haren't you heard why?" anpwerea
an old lady who was the confidential
friend of Lolita's aunt.
"Haven't you heard why?" "Haven't
you heard why?" echoed all of Santa
Barbara.
And Lolita heard, too. She wrote a
pitiful little letter . home and with
•"heimweh" gnawing at her heart
awaited a reply. Her father came for
her and together they went to Coro
nado.
Of all the swimmers who took a daily
plunge there was none who could com
pete with Lolita. She would swim out
far out beyond the reach of the eye,
beyond the sound of the voice. The
other children begged her to teach
them and found her ever ready to help.
"Why do you always wear stockings,
Lolita?" asked one of the little girls.
"It's much nicer to have your legs bare
when you go in the water."
Lolita did not reply, but ran sobbing
up the beach, and that night she and
her father left for Oakland.
All this a friend of the family told
me as we crossed the bay. She finished
understood, and yet so steadily and re
lentlessly does it spread over practically
all deciduous fruit trees — trunk, limbs,
foiiage and fruit — that it is a question
of only two or three years before the
death of the plant attacked is brought
about, and the possibility of injury,
which, from experience from other scale
enemies of deciduous plants, might be
easily ignored or thought Insufficient,
is soon startlingly demonstrated. Its
importance, from an economic stand
point, is vastly increased by the ease
with which it is distributed over wide
districts through the agency of nursery
Btock and the marketing of fruit, and
the extreme difficulty of exterminating
it where once introduced, presenting, as
it does in the last regard, difficulties not
found with any other scale Insect."
It was this pernicious scourge which
caused Germany to forbid the entrance
of ail American fruit into her seaports
last February, for fear that some of the
scale should Infect the fruit trees of
that country. For a time it seemed as
if this small insect would cause a bit
ter and lasting controversy between the
two nations. On February 5 Emperor
William issued an order: "To guard
against the importation of the San Jose
scale-louse the importation of living
plants from America; and further, of
such barrels, boxes and other objects,
which were used for packing or trans
portation of such products or parts of
such products, is prohibited until
further notice.
"The same applies to invoices of fresh
fruits or fresh parts of fruit from
America, as well as the packing ma
terial used thereto, whenever the ex
amination which is to take place at the
port of entry has ascertained the pres
ence of the San Jose scale-louse on the
goods or on the packing material."
John Walton Spencer, conductor of
University Extension Work of Agricul
ture in the western district of New-
York, said: "me San Joae scale is re
ported among our plants. It has a
quiet, insidious habit, so that few ob
serve it. A single insect is so small as
compared with the trees that it attacks
that it may be likened to the 'flea upon
a lion,' but fleas and scales also can
multiply like locusts in Egypt. It is
probably imported from California and
it came in nursery stock. It first be
gan to be noticed in the East by en
tomologists in New Jersey, then it
spread to Long Island, and for the last
few years It has been creeping up the
Hudson, where its presence was at last
recognized. It has no means of loco
motion of Its own, and it gets to dis
tant points by fastening its tentacles
upon nursery stock and spreads itself
by that means, like a plague.
"Nurserymen who have been in the
business for a number of years will
wonder if they have it in their stock,
and they should only be satisfied when
they have obtained an investigation by
the most experienced entomologists.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1898.
up the story abruptly in front of a tiny
white cottage. "Sh!" she said, '"there's
Lolita drying: her hrJr r/ow."
T ]<"-ked and saw the figure of a rhild
completely enveloped in a mass of
golden hair. A Lorelei never sunned
:'iinsr hair of a more beautiful
shade. She ran slim white fingers
through it and shook it out in the sun,
a i'Mtt ■■rfM- mass of fluffy, golden ;■" ks.
We knocked at the door unnoticed by
. ■ . : ri. ►• i.iii. who admitted us,
!b a slight, dark, extremely nervous "
woman. She talked to us In a faltering
way, punctuated by fluttering, birdlike
WHAT MRS. GAGE AND MRS. PATTON THINK OF THE ELECTION.
Both of Them Are Thorough Home Women, but the intense levtereft They Feel m Their Husbands Hopes Has Brought the Campaigh flight
Up to The"r |iearthstor\es.
HE home of Henry T. Gage is
T about an hour's drive from Los
Angeles. The road is a bit dusty.
but one does not mind that slight
inconvenience after arriving at
the home, which amply repays
one for the journey. The house
and grounds are on a sloping piece of
land, and in the immediate vicinity are
acres of green lawns and walks shaded
with palms, magnolia, cypress, orange
and lemon trees, while here and there
are rustic benches, roses, lilies and
flowers galore.
Every blade of grass upon the place,
every fruit tree and wide-spreading
cypress tree attest to the fact of Mr.
Gage's love and interest in his home,
for they were planted by his own hand.
Mrs. Henry T. Gage believes firmly
that her husband will be the next Gov
ernor, for she does not think that the
people of California would fail to avail
gestures. 1 was Cleaning a n»u a. h»uu
time before Lolita was born and the
thought of it made me very ill for days.
I was not surprised that she was born
v.ith skin scaled like a fish. Her legs,
too. were joined together, and the feet,
being webbed, made her look like a
strange, uncanny sort of li?h. The doc
tor, after a surgical treatment, assured
me that she would be able to walk nat
urally.
"As a mere infant she was passion
ately fnnA of water. When the nurse
Igave her her bath she was wild with
delight and struck out with her little
arms and legs as though she wanted
to swim.
"Lolita was not quite a year old when
we went to Santa Cruz to spend the
summer. She could not walk at the
time, but we ut?ed to put her in a little
bathing suit and let her creep on the
sand.
"One day the waves rolled up higher
on the shore than usual and somehow
she got mixed up with ttvm. There
were bathers all around wh. saw h.r,
and at least a dozen of th-m started
to the child's rescue. You can imagine
how surprised every one was to see the
babe swim as easily as the most ac
complished swimmer. She took to the
water as though she belonged in It.
After that we simply could not keep
her out of it.
"Though it was we»?ks before Lolita
■ * /hat about the homes of the Republican leaders? Both Mrs.
\|/ Gage and Mrs. Patton are very interesting personalities.
\XJ Every one who has even the slightest personal acquaintance
with the man who is running for the highest office in the gift
of his fellow citizens has some interesting bit of gossip to tell, which
he does with that puffy air of superior, accurate knowledge; that strut
ting tone of pride at the impression conveyed of an every-day hobnob
bing with quality. The butcher and the baker and the grocer tell with
pride that the men upon whom distinction is to be conferred are their
customers. Those who affect the quality of camaraderie talk of "My
friend," and on the sly calculate how many favors they will ~<-- able to
ask in the halcyon days of office.
What a politician is in his home does not bother the men who are
Interested in his election. They don't care whether or not he has a
home and family, or whether he goes to bed with the chickens or stays
out betimes. Not so the thousands without personal interest. They
love the bit of human nature that makes him akin to them. They like
to speculate on the ' love, the anxiety that there is in the home, where
success or defeat means so much. In no instance is the interest which
surrounds the home life of candidates for public office so marked as in
that of the two men who now stand for preferment at the head of the
Republican State and municipal ticket; Henry T. Gage, with his pretty
home in Loa Angeles, his interesting wife and happy children, and
Charles H. Patton, with his charming home and no less charming wife.
could walk, yet every morning she went
for a swim with her father. Then she
would sit quietly for hours and look at
the ocean, never making a sound, but
screaming and crying if any one at
tempted to take her away.
"It worried me dreadfully and I came
home. I made up my mind I would
never let the child go swimming. After
she learned to walk I used to take her
along the beach to look at the water,
but I never let go of her hand for an
instant.
"One day, however, while walking on
a lake shore she broke away from me,
threw herself in and swam to the op
posite shore.
'• 'The lake asked me to come In, was
all Phe would ever say about it.
"We have a little fountain in the yard
and Lolita would sit there for hours
running her fingers through the water.
She never has tasted fish, but for the
matter of that I cannot even bear the
sight of one myself.
"She went to school when she was
six, and I feared that she would suffer
from the careless remarks of the other
children about her skin. But through
the application of oil. l managed to have
her skin look almost natural.
"I never permitted her to go swim
ming at the baths here or in Alameda.
although I could not prevent her from
constantly slipping away to look at the
ocean. She would never say whether
or not she went in swimming on such
occasions.
"This summer we went to Santa
Cruz. Lolita had not been there since
babyhood. When she went down to the
beach she burst into violent tears. She
could not wait she was so impatient to
put on a bathing suit and swim. She
would stay in the water almost all day
long, but it never seemed to disagree
with her. People began to talk about
her wonderful swimming, and then
about — well abocut other things, so we
came home. •
"But Lolita was so unhappy here that
I sent her down to Santa Barbara.
From there her father took her to Coro
nado, and then they came home.
"We have to let her go swimming
every day now. She goes in the morn
ing before school. I forbade her going
at first, but she grew so strangely silent
and went around so piteously that I
had to let her go. She swam in the
surf at Alameda thie morning, and is
out in the yard now drying her hair.
I'll call her in. Lolita! Lolita."
Lolita came quickly, throwing back
her golden hair and showing an oval
face with delicate features and beauti
ful sea-green eyes. She Is not as tall
as the average child of fourteen, and
she has an odd) piteous expression.
"Did you enjoy your swim?" I asked.
"Yes, but I had to come home, and
when the waves call you all the time
it is so hard to get away from them."
"You love the sea?" I said.
"Oh, yes; and the sea is my friend.
It would never harm me. Even when
I was a baby it let me ride on it." She
moved over to the window, and the
rays of light falling on her face showed
the peculiar scaled skin. In the shadow
it was scarcely noticeable.
"People say T am like a fish." she
continued, in a voice as young and
fresh as an ocean breeze.
"At first I felt dreadfully about it. but
now I do not care. I can swim better
than any of them. And. oh, if you but
knew the things the sea says to me
when I am swimming. All about coral
reefs and mermaids and beautiful fish.
I know there Is something in the sea
that plays on some sweet instrument,
because when I swim with the side
stroke I hear the most heavenly music.
No one else can hear these sweet
things, so I do not care if I am
"What do you like besides the
water?"
"Books," she answered, promptly,
"especially poetry. But there is one
book that I love more than any other.
It's 'Undine.' I've read it fifty times.
I even loved Undine before she had a
soul, because she understood the water
a«= I do."
Straneely like Undine is this little Lo
lita with her yellow-gold hair, and eyes
as deep, unfathomable and shifting in
color as the ocean itself. Like Undine,
too in her passionate yearning for the
water. But like nothing save a fish is
her skin.
themselves of the opportunity of plac
ing such a man at the head of their
government. And as she says it her
blue eyes glow with pride at the con
viction of her husband's superiority
over all other men.
She is an earnest woman of vivid con
victions and a never-failing fund of
personal enthusiasm. She is essential
ly domestic, all her interests being cen
tered in her home, her husband and
their five children. She takes the keen
est interest in the campaign and reads
everything the papers say, whether
good or bad. The good she already
knows, and the bad she doesn't believe.
"When Mr. Gage is elected I shall
certainly reside at Sacramento," she
said, and rising to the five feet seven
Inches of her magnificently propor
tioned womanhood she stepped to the
window, and glancing over the land
scape, added, "and we will try to have
our home there a reproduction of this
happy and beautiful one, where all our
children were born. That row of pop
lar trees, the orchards of oranges, lem
ons, walnuts and olive trees were all
laid out and planted by Mr. Gage him
self."
At the thought that there might be
four years spent away from the pretty
southland home, Mrs. Gage grew a bit
meditative, and then said quietly:
"Yes, it will be a wrench to leave
this beautiful home, but. as Governor,
my husband's duties will require his
residence in Sacramento during his
term of office, and of course I will be
there with him and our children.
"During our residence in Sacramento
we will both be pleased to enter into
the social pleasures and enjoyments of
the citizens. As for myself, lam not
sure how I would entertain, for sur
roundings would, of course, affect that;
but if Mr. Gage is elected, and I believe
he will be, we will, I think, be fully
able to meet any demands that may
be made upon us."
* • •
WAY out on Broadway, in an
artistic little house, Mrs. Patton
I 1 flits about her household duties
I^l with an anxiety gripping at her
I heart which will not be stilled
/ until the day of election has
been passed.
Mrs. Patton says she never took the
slightest interest in politics until her
husband was nominated, that she
doesn't know much about party ques
tions now. At first she regretted hav
ing her husband go into politics, for she
felt that he had heavy odds to fight
against, and then she feared Just the
least little bit that it might interfere
with their home life.
"You see," she said, a warm glow
suffusing her creamy skin and lighting
the depths of her soft brown eyes, "my
husband and my home are all I care for
in the world. But it hasn't made a bit
of difference. Mr. Patton is out a little
later nights, that's all, but I know it's
only for a short time and that soon the
thread of domesticity will be resumed.
"Oh, Ido hope he'll be elected. He's
such a good man that I'm sure he
would make a good Mayor.
"No, I am not fond of society. I am
quite content with my beautiful home,"
and she looked about her with a satis
fied, proprietary air at the pretty ma
hogany raftered little room, while the
tall clock upon the stairs tolled off the
seconds and the canaries in an adjoin
ing room shook their little throats in
a glad tremolo from mere joy of life.
A homey, restful atmosphere per
vaded the place.
"Do you know," she said, suddenly,
"I have never heard my husband make
a speech, but I'm going to soon. I
would love to, for I'm sure he makes
a good one."
Mrs. Patton has an admiration for
and a faith in her husband that is aa
big as he is. She is a little body,
modest, shrinking from publicity, and
as she talks she settles back into her
chair with an air that goes well with
her rich southern coloring.
1920
DEADLY BACILLI Or THE "BLACK PLAGUE" OVERCOME SCIENTISTS IN VIENNA
Last Friday a bark from Hongkong arrived at tfye GoldeQ Gate with a report that twoof the crew had died of the dreaded bubonic plague on
the voyage. The vessel was immediately ordered into quarantine at Angel Island, and every precaution will be taken to stamp out every trace of the
terrible disease. All Southern Europe is aroused over the deaths in Vienna of the physicians who were experimenting with the bacilli of the scourge
DR ROSINAU EXAMINING BACTERIA CULTURES FOR THE GOVERN
MENT IN THE LABORATORY AT ANGEL ISLAND.
VERY lately two physicians experimenting with bubonic plague germs
;ht from Bombay, India, to the Vienna University contracted the
dread disease and died. Five nurses and attendants also died. There is
danger of riots in Vienna against the university, as the populace fears
■ terrible bubonic plague of India. *«*„„>,•*
j. v .5 ..,. suspected of being infected has been locked in a detached
building. A rope has been placed around the building, carefully guarded,
at any one approaching the place, and also to prevent any of the
care-takers from leaving the infected building
Th- physicians and people of Vienna are much excited, but Dr. Liden, the
head of the City Health Board, says that microbes artificially raised have
not the strength of naturally raised microbes, and that the worst is over.
THE microbes of the terrible bu
bonic plague which Dr. Muller
Lght from India here killed
him. Professor Barisch, who re
fused to leave his chief when he
was stricken, also is dead. Be
sides these two men, Qve others have
already fallen victims to the scientific
Investigations.
• The bubonic plague, has ragf?d period
ically over Asia and. Europe for cen
turies and no power has ever been able
to stop it til! change of wind swept it
away. It disappeared as mysterious
ly as it came.
The plague .selects Its victims as if
it walked among the people, .not one
Bad then the next one, but as the steps
of a man the victims.
Superstition says that the Wandering
Jew, upon whom our Savior pro
nounced the curse "Thou shall ' go on
till 1 return," carries with his presence
the plague.
The period of illness is short. Men
' in the act of carrying the dead to bu
rial are stricken, fall and themselves
are of the dead.
There is no scourge to compare with
it in horror, when it passes through
the half starved, huddled up peoples
of India.
Can science stay the plague?
The University of Berlin is experi
menting with the germs. Dr. Muller
went to India and watched it, escap
ing all the dangers. Carefully pro
tected cultures of the different microbes
accompanying the disease were brought
back to Vienna, where better facilities
are found for studying them than in
India.
In attempting to isolate the bubonic
plague microbe he himself became in
oculated. Just how this occurred is a
mystery.
At lirst It was not- recognized that
the scientist was suffering with the
plague. His doctors thought some cas
ual illness only affected him. His as
sistant. Dr. Barisch, attended him. Be
sides the doctor, there were two nurses
and one other attendant. They all
came and went from the sick man's
presence without precaution for two
days.
Suddenly one of the nurses fell ill;
then another. Precautions against in
fection were at once -begun, but even
then no one suspected the- truth, till
Professor Barisch died.
In the meantime Mrs. Muller had
been exposed, but had returned to her
home and went about among her
friends. Other nurses and attendants
did the came.
When two men had died Vienna be
came alarmed. The plague was In
their midst, and no known remedy ex
isted.
Prevention was their only hope
Every one who was known to have
been exposed was compelled to go into
a detached building connected, with the
university, Several persons resisted
They were promptly .arrested and forci
bly put into the isolated house. They
are attended by Sisters of Charity and
by Dr. Pooch, who volunteered for th
service. All the sick and those who
are suspected of being infected with
the microbes are Inclosed in the one
house, which is carefully guarded and
quarantined. A rope is- stretched
around the house and guards placed to
prevent any one approaching or leav
ing the pla.ee.
Provisions are furnished by means of
baskets on pulleys. When Dr. Mullet
wanted medicine for the sick he wrote
his prescription and pasted k on to the
window glass, so that those outside
could read it.
The bodies of the dead are wrapped
in sheets soaked in disinfectants and
Jhen cremated. Every article which
coui-1 be !nf>ot»c! is carefully burned.
When I>r. .Muiler fell ill he struggled
his best against the disease. He' kept
on his feet attending the others and
watching and noting the symptoms and
effects of the remedies. He kept in
communication with the other physi
cians of the Vienna University .by
means of a telephone. Consultations
were hold and every change noted. He
watched his 0./n symptoms and wrote
them down in his diary. He saw four
others die and wrote the details at
length.
At last fever and delirium overcame
him. He never finished the history of
his own case, for death came and some
one else must write the end. Dr. Porch
volunteered for the duty. Nothing but
the pure love of science and humanity
actuated these men. They gave their
lives to discover a remedy to prevent
th" spread i>f the plague.
In the meantime Vienna is trembling
]o?t the plague cannot be confined to
the house roped off on the college
grounds.
Those who are shut inside are wait
ing. They may escape alive, but there
is little chance that they will. Whether
they do or not they will go through
some of the horror •which gave "The
Boccaccio" to the world.
VIENNA. October 26.— Dr. Roch. who
lias been attending the victims of the
bubonic plague in Vienna, together
with Herr Heerger. another of the
nurses, has developed symptoms of the
disease.
* * »
IN' these days of scientific investi
gation deadly diseases are kept bot
tled up in nearly all the large cities
of the world. Nor is San Francisco
behind any of the others in this re-
spect. In the various laboratories
about town there are germs enough to
start a plague inside of forty-eight
hours and to turn our big city into a
eharnel house inside of a week.
But the germs are harmless as long
as they do not come in. contact with
the vital organs of human beings. The
owners of the g.-rms handle them con
stantly, and It might be said that they
live among them. They watch over
Exporter Simpson Raised $113,000 Duping One Service.
Women Jore JeWels From Jheir Dresses and Emptied Jheir Purses in Response to His FerVid Appeals. He Has Raised $1,022,000
in SeVerx Years for Ghurch Work
LAST Sunday the Rev. Albert B.
Simpson raised $113,000 at his
morning and evening services.
All New York is marveling
over the unparalleled feat. His
other noted collections were: October
11, 1896, at Carnegie Hall, $112,000; Au
gust 9, 1896, at Old Orchard, Me., $101,
500; October 17, 1596, at Carnegie Hall,
$100,000; October 17, 1895, at Carnegie
Hall, $80,000.
Here is more than half a million of
dollars raised by one clergyman for his
own special church missionary work
throughout the world.
Did you ever try to raise $10,000 for
any cause? Did you ever try to borrow
$5000 on good security? A college presi
dent, accompanied by a United States
Senator, a couple of Congressmen and
influential members of the Union
League, wrestled with the Vanderbilts.
through Chauncey M. Depew, one
;: "ling for a subscription to a certain
great institution of national renown
and considered themselves fortunate in
securing a signature for $1000.
TAKES NO CREDIT FOR HIS WORK
Said Dr. Simpson yesterday in reply
to inquiries: "1 take no particular
credit for what I have done. I m-efer
to remain in the background and con
tinue pushing on my work. Our suc
cess is only the answer to sincere and
earnest prayer. We believe in faith —
the faith of the apostles— yet knowing
that faith without works is dead.
"I simply began an evangelistic
movement in 1881 to reach the masses.
Our church, in Went Thirteenth street,
was a successful Presbyterian church,
having a good attendance and a thou
sand members in the Sunday-school.
But, like most of the fairly representa
tive churches of the country, we failed
to reach the non-church going masses.
"I was born in Prince Edward Is
land, educated in Toronto, at the Uni
versity, and Knox College, a Presby
terian institution, where I was grad
uated. I began preaching in Louis
ville, Ky., about twenty-six years ago.
In 1880 I came to New York, and after
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1898.
the tiny tubes of deadly organisms as
a farmer watches over his crops, and
should the contents of a tube show
'signs of dying all the resources of sci
ence and the tender care of a watchful
guardian are brought to bear, in order
to sustain life. Sometimes the result
Is a success, but more frequently it is a
failure.
It is a good deal more difficult to
rear the germs of cholera than it is to
rear chickens. Germs are delicate and
require the most careful attention to
keep them alive, in spite of the fact
that they are so difficult to kill when
they spread among the population and
become a plague.
There are about six large laboratories
lin and around San Francisco where
nearly all kinds of deadly germs are
always on hand. The most important
of these, and the best supplied with
deadly germs, is the one on Angel Isl
and, in charge of Dr. Rosenau of the
Government quarantine station.
Dr. Ernest Pillsbury has a laboratory
of his own on Scott and Pine streets
that is -well supplied with the germs
of such local diseases as under extra
ordinary circumstances might become
epidemic. His collection of the ba
cillus of tuberculosis is perhaps the
largest in the country.
Dr. Mauser on Bush street has a good
laboratory well supplied with germs.
The principal medical colleges have a
certain quantity of germs on hand in
their laboratories, and. besides, there
are a few scientific experimenters with
laboratories full of germs, hidden
! away where it is almost impossible to
find them.
It might be thought to be an easy
matter to obtain and take carer of
germs of any kind. But such is not
the case. To obtain a tiny tube of the
germs of Asiatic cholera during the
time that disease was last raging in
the Orient took considerable corre
spondence and money on the part of
Dr. Rosenau of the Government quar
antine station. And had it not been
for his position it is hardly possible
that he could have succeeded in ob
taining them.
When the tube did come it was
packed in a piece of bamboo and cov
ered with all sorts of figures and labels
and the top sealed with a big red seal
bearing the arms of the Chinese Em
pire. The doctor in China who was
good enough to send the germs also
sent a brief account of the efforts he
was put to in order to obtain them,
and also the trouble he was put to be
fore the Chinese officials would consent
to their being sent out of the country.
In the end they were brought here by
a surgeon of one of the Pacific Mail
steamships who appreciated the impor
tance of having them in this country.
Dr. Rosenau's laboratory on Angel
Island id in a tiny building all by It
self. When you look into the room you
see only a number of shelves covered
with bottles of various sizes, a couple
of microscopes and several small cop
per boxes that look something like the
ovens that are used on oil cooking
stoves. They are built on the same
principle and are in reality incubators
for the hatching and rearing of germs
of all kinds.
two years of what was called success
ful work sixteen years ago I left my
pastorate in the Thirteenth Street
Presbyterian Church, the church built
for the Key. Dr. Burchard, of 'Rum,
Romanism and Rebellion' fame. I had
no quarrel with my congregation. I left
simply because I had determined to de
vote my life to reaching the unchurched
masses of New York City. I knew that
half a million of our citizens were not
church members and were practically
deprived of the right of the Gospel.
"My aim was to stir them up to a
senss of their responsibility, to a rec
ognition of their opportunities, but
through no sectarian medium.
"My first essay was In a house in
Thirteenth street, a few doors away
from my pastorate. I had long felt
that it was the Lords will I should
take that house and make It the center
of some Important work for him. This
proved the first resting place of the lit
tle flock that now represent the Chris
tian and Missionary Alliance of the
New and Old Worlds.
"So great was the success of the
movement that in 1881 I was enabled
to secure the Academy of Music, and
later Abbey's old Park Theater, corner
of Broadway and Twenty-first street,
which was afterward destroyed by fire.
My congregation grew, and finally we
were enabled to rent what came to be
known as the Old Gospel Tabernacle, in
West Twenty-third street.
"At that time It was in a dilapidated
condition. It had originally been erect
ed as the church edifice of our reformed
congregations. Then it became suc
cessively a stabk and an armory. It
passed into the ownership of a syndi
cate, whereof tL< president was the
late Mr. Darling of the Fifth-avenue
Hotel.
"The hearts of a number of us were
set upon this old building, chiefly on
account of its admirable location, in
the very center of the city. We waited
upon Mr. Darling and offered to lease
the building for church purposes. "We
were not surprised that he favored our
application, for the matter had been
made a subject of special prayer on the
part of our little flock, and many of us
had received the assurance from the
Twenty-five millions of people, at as estimated,
have fallen under the blow .of ".the black death,"
the -majority of whom were counted among the
dead during the existence of less than a dozen
epidemics— those which occurred at London In
3665, Copenhagen In 1712, Marseilles in 1720,
Hoscowin 1771, Halta in 1813,' Seieda In 1819,
Bulgaria in 1828-29, Egypt in 1844, among the
Arabs of North Africa in 1857, Mesopotamia in
1857, and in Persian Kurdistan in 3871,
numbers of glass tubes about half an
Inch thick and six inches long. In the
end of each tube is a small plug of cot
ton. Inside the tubes can be seen a
brownish substance, and in some in
stances there is a tiny light-colored
line running down into the substance.
This is a colony of germs. There are
billions of the tiny organisms in each
of these tubes.
Innocent enough looking things. They
can be handled with impunity, and
providing there fire no sores on your
skin you can even rub the substance
on any part of your body and no harm
will come, providing it is soon washed
off. But should there be even the small
est kind of a sore spot the germ that
was in the tube will reproduce itself
within a short time and reproduce it
self over and over again, so that within
twenty-four hours you will bn sick.
See this tiny glass tube? As inno
cent looking as a thermometer. But
take it out and spill it Into the Spring
Valley reservoir on a warm day and a
week later an angel of death will hover
over San Francisco, for the tube is
filled with the germs of the deadly
black plague. To spill the tube into
the bay would not cause harm, be
cause the water is so cold the germs
could not propagate there. However,
even such an act would contain an
element of danger, for the germs might
lie dormant for years until they washed
up into some of the fresh water
marshes, where they would reproduce
themselves and start out on a mission
of death.
Although the tiny light streak in the
tube of gelatine represents micro-or
ganisms, the organisms themselves
cannot be seen except with the most
powerful microscope. A tiny speck of
the poisonous matter taken from the
tube on the end of a piece of- platinum
wire and spread on a glass slide will,
when properly stained and fixed and
put under the microscope, reveal thou
sands of tiny threadlike objects.
These are the deadly bacilli, and the
numbers of them in the tube can only
be vaguely surmised, when it is con
sidered that only the millionth part of
the contents of the tube has been
picked up on the wire.
Dr. Ernest Pillsbury has at present a
splendid colony of typhoid fever germs
in his laboratory. These germs are
somewhat larger than most of the other
deadly germs and also very active. By
taking a tiny speck of the poisonous
Lord that we should have this building
for his work.
"A little later we were suddenly in
formed by Mr. Darling that he had an
offer from a syndicate of wealthy men
of $15,000 a year for fifteen years for
this building, for a theater in which to
produce 'The Passion Play,' a carica
ture of the sufferings and death of the
Lord Jesus Christ.
"Mr. Darling had accepted the propo
sition of these parties in the interest of
his partners, and so he informed us that
he would be unable, as he had ex
pected, to rent us the property.
"Then we began to i)ray for light, and
in the end found that it was a great
benefit to us that our first arrangement
was not consummated.
"God in his providence allowed the
Morse syndicate to make the necessary
repairs, which cost from $50,000 to $75,
000, before the structure could be used
for public services.
"When they had secured the building
and put it in good shape the Morse
people offered us the use of the the
ater for our Sunday meetings. I de
clined, however, to have anything to
do with it under the circumstances,
and told the management that we
would get possession in due time. And
it soon became true. When Morse
failed It was leased to us with all the
improvements for a term of six years
at $3000 a year.
"I have no commentary to mak.i, but
simply state the fact as it is— that on
the night after we took possession
Salmi Morse committed suicide, and the
man who was associated with him in
the Passion Play was burned out in
Brooklyn on that same night.
"A year or two passed and we then
determined to purchase a building for
ourselves instead of leasing one. Our
choice fell upon the large and hand
some building at the corner of Madison
avenue and Forty-fifth street, now the
site of the Manhattan Athletic Club.
"Here we remained several years, do
ing evangelistic work for .all denomina
tions.
"So you see -we have prospered, de
spite temporary disappointments and
opposition. Men of all denominations
have joined us. Dr. Wilson, my asso
fluid out of a culture tube, putting it
into a drop of staining lluid and plac
ing it under the microscope the deadly
j germs can be seen -in motion. Thous
! ands and thousands of them roll and
! tumble about. They coil themselves up
j into balls and straighten out again.
I There are so many of them as to be
i bewildering to look at. Such a quiver
! ing mass can only be likened to a box
of worms. Uut the quivering lasts only
! a few moments. The staining fluid and
I the cold are deadly to the microbes.
! Gradually they beome quiet, then give
I a few convulsive wriggles and lie still.
Of what use is all this dangerous ex-
I perimenting with germs'*
Principally for education.
If a physician does not know what
I the germ of a certain deadly disease
looks like he will not be able to recog
nize it should he meet It in his practice.
Nor will he be able to find It if he does
not experiment and become thoroughly
familiar with the manipulation neces
sary to bring the microbe Into sight.
The reasons for breeding it are prin
cipally to have It on hand for experi
mental purposes. The exchanging of
microbes Is one of the courtesies of the
medical profession.
Should a new disease make its ap
| pearance in Honolulu the physisian-s
down there would consider it Ihelr duty
' to send the germs of it. should they be
j able to find them, to Dr. Rosenau, so
' that he could recognize the disease in
case it should appear at this port.
Dr. Vowlnkle, whose office is at Van
Ness avenue and Sutter street, studied
at the University of Berlin when Dr.
Koch was making- his experiments in
the same way as Dr. Barisch was doing
in Vienna. Dr. Koch, 1 wever. was
more fortunate. He has positively dis
covered one n.icrobe — that of tubercu
losis. He, too. went to India, as did
Dr. Barisch, and brought home germs
or cultures of Asiatic cholera to study
in his home laboratory.
When seen at his office Dr. Vowinkle
showed great interest in t-ls study of
germs. He said: "If science can pre
vent the spread of diseases which have
devastated whole continents no task
can be too great to be attempted. Dr.
Koch was one of the first to investigate
on these lines. He started with the
theory that contagious or infectious
diseases "are caused each by its own
germ or microbe. Medical science was
elate, comes from St. George's, where
he labored with Dr. Rainsford, and I
think' he has found the work a labor of
love and thanksgiving."
In addition to the Tabernacle Church,
in Eighth avenue and Forty-fourth
street, there is a large educational in
stitution and publishing concern at Ny
ack.
It Is handsomely situated at South
Nyack, on a commanding eminence
overlooking the Hudson. The grounds
seventy aqres of choice land,
with groves. In which a tabernacle is to
be erected. Accommodations have been
provided for nearly three hundred stu
dents.
In addition to the officers of the or
ganization there Is a board of man
agers, twenty-four members, including
the Rev. Dr. Henry Wilson, chairman,
with ten or fifteen clergymen, includ
ing Dr. Simpson and the Rev. Stephen
Merritt, the theological undertaker,
who buried General Grant.
It has beeYi said that no reports or
accounting of the expenditures of the
funds spent have been made.
This is an error. Regular reports by
the treasurer are presented at each an
nual meeting and duly published. The
following is a summary of financial re
ports for the various fields during the
last seven years:
1592-03. 1898. Total
China Swedish Mission.... J17.329 $12,239 J73.30S
China. Centrnl and South
ern Missions 10.063 28,601 117 746
Japan Mission 2,241 1.64S 15.050
In'lia MißFlon 1fi.275 22.679 123,097
Africa, .Soudan Mission 10.893 7.007 .'4, SOS
Africa, Congo Mission 12,«36 15. 932 116,289
Palestine Mlaeioo 520 2,620 12,023
Hayti tind San Domingo
Mission 1.762 308 7.505
South America Mission 2,023 10,164 J0.542
N. V- Missionary Training
Institute 16,004 16,432 95,890
The missionary field embraces Cen
tral China, with about 50 missionaries;
Northern China, 75 missionaries;
Southern China, 20 missionaries; Thi
bet, 8 or 10 missionaries; Japan, 12
missionaries. Africa: The Congo dis
trict, 45 missionaries; the Soudan, 25
missionaries; India, 65 missionaries;
South America. 30 missionaries; Pales
tine, 12 missionaries; Arabia, 1; "Weat
Indies, 3.
Plague-Stricken Ship Arrives
at San Prancfscc
then little but theory. He went to work
to find the bacilli of tuberculosis.
What seems most simple now he had
to think out for himself, and each step
was made only after much labor and
many failures.
"He had many assistants in his
laboratory. I was me. If one grants
that specific .microbes cause specific
diseases, then the first thing to do is
to find the microbe. Dr. Koch found
that a certain aniline dye colored the
different microbes differently. He
placed upon a glass microscopic slide
a tiny speck of sputum from a man
who indisputably was suffering from
THE REV. A. B. SIMPSON,
President and General Superintendent of the Christian and Missionary Allianc*
No. I—.1 — . uce of As. ate cholera germs
packed in a piece of bamboo and sealed
with the seal of the Chinese Empire,
No. 2 — Tube of culture medium an hour
after being infected wth disease germs.
No. 3 — Tube of culture medium six day»
after being infected with disease germs.
tuberculosis. Then he pud another
very thin glass plate over it and
smeared both plates to eret the «putum
spread out very thin. The top plate
was then pulled off.
"Hermetically sealed tubes of steril
ized gelatine are used to grow the
germs. He prepares three tubes, melt
ing the gelatine in each. Next he uses
a fine platinum wire which has just
been heated red hot in a flame and
cooled to kill any foreign germs. Thia
wire he dips in sputum and takes up
only a dot of it and puts it into the
first tube of melted gelatine. He
shakes the tube and with another clean
wire dips out as much gelatine as will
stick to its point. This is put into the
second tube. Then from the second to
the third in the same way, and all the
tubes are sealed and laid away in a
warm place. In forty-eight hours the
gelatine is melted in the last tube and
poured on to a glass plate which
is made very cold on a block of ice.
This makes a thin layer of coagulated
gelatine, and on the surface you can
see spots. These spots are colonies of
microbes."
• •
Dr. Parent, in speaking of the experi
ments with the bubonic plague in Vi
enna, said: "There is very little known
as yet by science of bubonic plague. I
suppose It is partly because the dis
ease is in India and so far away from
any great medical schools. Probably
a stronger reason is that the disease
is so virulent and so much dreaded
that most doctors let it alone. Those
who have studied it have usually gone
to India, as did the professors of Vi
enna."
"Is it particularly virulent?"
"Yes. Maybe more virulent than any
known disease, though why it is so we
do not know. The bubonic plague is
always more or less prevalent around
Bombay and Calcutta. It is like lep
rosy — it does not. thrive out of its own
natural surroundings."if this big wheat field were laid
out in a strip ONE MILE WIDE it
would stretch frori) Sar) F ra 0*
Cisco nearly to San Jose.
\
MADEIRA. Oct. 27.— One of the largest bodies of land
ever planted to wneat In the San Joaquln Valley is being ..
sown by Colvls Cole of Clovls. ■ Over 25,000 acres are In
the piece, which Is situated. on the Madera and Fresno £
County side of the San Joaquin River. Planting began '■(,
lest July. Some of the grain is up and looks well. The *
prospects for a good grain crop is good at present. '. /
. ■ . . • ... ... ... ... ... .. ... ... .». ... ... ... ... ... .. >•
WHAT is said to be the largest
single .wheat field in Cali
fornia is now being planted
to the grain that makes the
staff of life.. It covers over
25,000 acres, or forty square miles.
This enormous field of grain is located
on the banks of the San Joaquin River
near the town of Clovis, in Madera
County. The field is part in Fresno
County am 1 part in Madera County.
Clovis Cole is the man who is putting
In this vast acreage arid he has under
taken one of the largest jobs that any
man has yet done in California.
While it is true that larger acreages
of wheat have been planted by certain
ranchers in the State there seems to
be no record of an exact parallel to the
present case. On the Miller & Lux
ranch in Kern County 50,000 acres were
planted nnf year, but the fields were
scattered about in different places.
They were really a series of fields, lo
cated wherever there was a fertile spot.
Few of the fields were of over 2000
acres and in many instances there
would be half a mile of bare land be
tween them. The acreage planted could
LONDON TO NEW YORK IN 3 DAYS: NEW VESSELS BEING BUILT TO CUT TIME IN HALF
THERE is now being built at
Wallsond-on-Tyne a boat of 10,
horsepower, designed to run
at the amazing rate of forty
seven miles an hour, and to cross
tlantlcin forty hours.
This is no visionary scheme, but a
well-considered commercial venture,
with the solidest kind of financial back-
Ing. The. British Admiralty, a very
conservative body, have ordered one
like her for their Own purposes, and
she is now being constructed alongside
the first one.
Plans have already been drawn up
for the formation of a giant transporta
tion company, which, if the new boat
proves a success, will at once order a
fleet of the same kind.
Simultaneously there will be begun
the construction of a submarine tun
nel between Ireland and England, so
THE BIGGEST WHEAT FIELD IN CALIFORNIA.
not oe caueu a wneai neiu uj. «,vu»
I acres any more than all the wheat fields
i in the State could be classed under one
i head.
The Clovis field, however, is an ideal
wheat field. It is almost as flat as a
floor, with a gentle slope toward the
river. The outer lines of the field make
■it almost a perfect square. Each side
■ is a little over six miles and if the day
• is clear every part of the field can be
| seen from any other part. It will be a
I beautiful sight worth seeing when all
I the grain is up and waves gently in the
1 breezes of spring time.
There are no roads through the Clovis
i wheat field. It is to be one solid stretch
i of grain and every square foot of land
i is to be utilized.
Plowing and planting began in the
! big wheat field about the middle of last
I July and will hardly be completed for
! the next two months at least. But the
that trains may run through from Lon
don to Gahvay Bay, which is intended
to be the point of departure of this sur-
PP OSO SS n n fhe i "vmerican coast the summer
and the west coast of Ireland the run
nfne distance across the ocean is only
MM mile., or about half that between
Liverpool and New York.
At Halls Bay trains of Pullman cars
vUI be « waiting for the new swift
steamers The new railroad construc
tion™ hich will be necessary to connect
5H nlace witn tne railroad system aU
readj in existence will be compara-
UV T ten S a'fast line of steamers will be
in readiness on the western coast 01
Newfoundland to carry the traveler to
the American continent in six hours.
By means of this astonish ng system
New York will be brought within a tri
flV over three days of London. When
he nlv trans-Atlantic line is put into
ooerat on as is now thought to be
Rkely you can eat your breakfast in
New York on Wednesday morning and
take dinner in London the following
Saturday evening.
This new boat, which is expected to
revolutionize the navigation of the
world and bring London nearer in point
of time to New York than New Or
leans or San Francisco, is being con
structed upon the turbine system ol
propulsion. M .. .
She is a development of the sturdy
little Turbinia, which was invented by
C A Parsons, and surprised everybody
THE SA"N FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. OCTOBER 30, 1898.
grain will all mature at about the same
time. Then will come the herculean
task of harvesting it.
To get an idea of the enormous size
of this great wheat field let us imagine
that it is close to San Francisco. If
one end of it one mile wide touched on
Market street the rest of .he field
would stretch one mile wide almost to
San Jose. This same wheat field is
over four times the size of the im
proved portion of San Francisco.^ The
whole city and county of San Fran
cisco, including all the outlying dis
trict, is about the same size.
With the big improved machinery it
does not look as though there was much
work spent on planting and harvesting
the field. But suppose one man had
to handle the crop, if such a thing were
possible, how long would it take him .
Suppose the field was one mile wide
A FEMALE CLAUDE DUVAL
The emancipation of woman proceeds
apace. As nothing is sacred to a sup
per, so apparently there is no calling,
however masculine in its nature, which
the up-to-date young woman is not
prepared to tackle. Take the case of the
lady highwayman— if the bull is
permissible— narrated by the St. Pe
tersburg correspondent of the Daily-
Telegraph. Barbara Danelia is her
name, she disappeared some ten years
ago from the village of Bandza. and
since then has held a whole country
side in terror by her operations on the
road.
"This curious highwaywoman.' we
are told, "is one of the most artistic
riders in a country which has produced
the best human substitutes for Cen
taurs that the world has yet seen. She
will jump anything. She is also an ex
cellent shot, and can hit the edge of a
Russian silver coin, smaller than our
sixpence, with a rifle bullet at a dis
tance which would make the eyes of
the Bisley candidates start from the
sockets were Ito mention it. The num
ber of men, able-bodied, strong-armed
men, whom Barbara single-handed (she
loves to "work" alone) stopped on the
highway and robbed is legion. And, be
it remembered, not unarmed men only.
Many of these lords of creation not only
possessed but used their capons, too,
as certain marks on Madame Danelia's
arms and body prove beyond a doubt.
But the moral and refining influence of
this fearless woman <>n the hitherto
cruel bands of Caucasian highwaymen
Proposed Route to Hake the Trip From London to New York an Three Days and for Which Vessels Are
F repose o Now Being Beaut.
at the great naval review here a year
ago by her swiftness and novelty.
She has no engines. She has three
propeller shafts, each with three screws
—nine screws in all. They enter the
water at a slight downward slant, about
twenty-five feet forward of the extreme
stern. The screws are driven by a Jet
of steam direct from the boiler. This
jet of steam acts directly upon hun
dreds of small turbine blades geared
directly to the shaft, which is thus
driven with amazing rapidity. The
Turbinia was a mere toy, weighing only
forty-five and a half tons and measure
ing only 100 feet In length, with a nine
foot beam.
She flew away from every vessel at
Spithead a year ago, leaving the fastest
Turbinia, New Style Forty-Seven Miles an Hour Vessels Designed to Reduce the Time
Between London and New YorK to Three Days.
and forty miles long, and the one man
had a double gang plow cutting a fur
row twenty-four inches wide. He would
start at a corner of the field in San
Francisco and plow south toward San
Jose, a distance of forty miles. Then
he would come back and cut another
furrow to San Francisco, making
eighty miles for the round trip.
This amount of work would only be a
tiny scratch four feet wide along one
side of the forty-mile field, and the
process would have to be reneated at
least 1300 times, making a total dis
tance of about 105,000 miles.
Suppose that the plowman worked at
the rate of twenty miles a day. To get
over the 105,000 miles would take 5250
days. To plant would take about the
same time, maJdng a total of 10.500
days, or nearly thirty years. It would
be like spending a lifetime, and the dis
tance traveled would be equivalent to
going around the world four times.
And all in one California wheat field.
To accomplish the necessary amount
of w>rk within the time at his disposal
the owner of the Clovis wheat field has
to employ over 200 men, over 1000 horses
and several tons of big machinery. The
men are working early and late now.
and if the whole acreage is planted by
January and a sufficient quantity of
rain fails there will be such a crop of
wheat as has never been heard of, for
the land is good land ffnd the seed is
good seed. Then will the bread-eaters
of the world give thanks for the exist
ence of the largest wheat field in Cali
fornia.
superiority of women in all walks of
life
Before Barbara took to the hills trav
elers used to be rudely knocked on the
head before they knew where they
were and if they ventured to speak or
squeak on coming to their senses, had
their hands or heads cut off altogether,
and were generally dealt with as if ut
terly devoid of nerves, sensation and
self-respect.
To-day everything is different. Blood
is seldom shed, and never "unneces
sarily " If your pleasure or duty takes
you along the roads of the wild dis
tricts of Kutais you are politely stopped
at a very convenient spot by a party
no more numerous than your own. You
lind a well-dressed "gentleman" of re
fined manners, on a splendid charger,
who rides gallantly up, raises "his"
hat, and in a few polite words, pro
nounced in a most insinuating voice,
explains that to "his" regret circum
stances beyond his control render it
necessary that he should deprive you of
your money, horse, and valuables, but
that he will do so with as little discom
fort to yourself as possible. Would
you kindly turn out your pockets and
take off coat and vest? When it is all
over and done the "gentleman" re
ciuests you to remain on the spot for an
hour or so until he and his friends have
had time enough to get clear away, and
he adds that should you disobey one of
his men has orders to blow your brains
out. which he sincerely begs you not to
have carried out.
Barbara Danelia is a Georgian, and
her beauty, therefore, may be more
easily imagined than described. She is
very popular among her own people,
whom she seldom attacks in person.
torpedo-boats of the British navy far
behind, and she developed the v"'on^er
ful speed of thirty-four and a hair
knots an hour.
This amazing record, however, was
subsequently beaten by the Turbinia.
She is reliably stated to have reached
forty-two miles an hour. Exactly what
her highest speed has been Mr. Par
sons declines to say. Some of his
OUR NEXT WHEAT CROP AND ITS PRICE.
BY UNITED' STATES SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE WILSON,
Special to The Sunday Call.
TRAVELING on the luxurious
train of the President of the
United States, through the fer
tile fields of lowa, which line
the Burlington road, a few days
ago, I talked with the Secre
tary of Agriculture about the predic
tion of Sir William Crookes of England,
that in a few years the world's pro
duction of wheat will be unequal to the
world's demand, and we shall have to
turn to artificial food products for sus
tenance. Secretary Wilson says Pro
fessor Crookes is all wrong and there is
no cause to fear that the wheat supply
will give out.
■crookes' theory," said Secretary
Wilson, "is based on the belief that
the fields of America are losing their
productiveness because they are giv
ing us only twelve bushels to the acre.
That is a mistake. The fields of lowa
could produce twenty-five bushels to
the acre if the farmers could afford to
sow them in wheat. lowa alone could
produce thirty or forty million bushels
of wheat. So could Illinois. But the
farmer of lowa finds it more profitable
to sow his fields in something that will
make meat in his herds or flocks or
milk for his dairy. It is only the pio
neer who can afford to grow wheat and
his land is not the most productive.
That is the reason the average of pro
duction is so low. Put the price of
wheat at a dollar and the lowa farmer
will cultivate it."
"What could the United States pro
duce at a pinch? " I asked.
"A couple of hundred million bushels
more than it does now. Crookes'
theory is like that of Malthus, who liv
ed a hundred years ago. He claimed
that population increased in geometri
cal ratio and production in arithmetical
ratio, and that in a certain time popu
lation would be out of proportion to
production and the world would starve, i
He wrote a book to prove this, but
time has shown that he was all wrong.
You can't base any theory on popula
tion, because it does not follow any
rule.
"As men grow rich they are less
likely to have large families. In the
rich quarter of the town you will find j
few children. In the half-starved j
quarter they are few. Among the
common people you will find many chil
dren and in the country they have large I
families. The increase of population \
lis governed by conditions. In France
there is no increase of population and
there has not been for some years."
"What is the annual production of
wheat in the United States?"
"It will be about 650,000,000 bushels
this year. The commercial agencies
make it 700,000,000, but we don't agree
with that estimate. We have ten agents
in the field to their one and we won't
do any guessing ahead at this time of
year to please any one. I have no doubt
the people who want to buy w^heat
would like to have us make a big esti
mate, but we won't do it. The wheat
crop of the world is going to be splen- ;
did this year. But it finds us with j
empty bins and no reserve. For that
reason I believe the price of wheat will
go higher.
"Another thing the theorists about j
crop conditions don't consider," said the
Secretary, "is the improvement in i
friends however, assert that from what
they know of the recent Improvements
he has made In the turbine system of
propulsion, and from the plans of the
new boats, they will make fifty, and
possibly sixty, miles an hour. The Tur
binia had 2100 horsepower, so that the
two new boats will each be five times
more powerful.
The steam of the Turbinia was pro
duced by a water tube boiler. The to
tal weight of other machinery, includ
ing turbines, auxiliary engines, con
densers, boilers, propellers, shafts,
tanks and the water in the boilers, was
twenty-two tons. Thus, about one hun
lred horse-power was attained per t«>n
■if machinery, and nearly fifty horse
power per ton of displacement. This
beats all records.
metnoas or proaucuon wnicn is oeing
spread among the farmers every year
by the Agricultural Department and
through the agricultural colleges. The
farmer is learning every year how to
get more out of his land. He is learn
ing for example how to conserve the
water supply. Irrigation is going to
make fertile some of our barren land,
but only so far as the water supply will
go. We can dam the rivers whose
waters are now going to waste and
store up some against a future need.
But more than that, we can make fertile
now without irrigation land which a
few years ago would have been called
a desert. Science shows that soil needs
no more than six inches of rain to make
it productive. All else that falls on it
is evaporated. If six Inches of rain fell
in a day much of it would evaporate in
the natural course and only a small
part would remain. But the farmer to
day spreads dust over his newly
watered field and so keeps the moisture
from disappearing. Besides, we are in
vestigating constantly to find what
kinds of grain will grow best in certain
climates with a view to increasing pro
duction. I have a man in Russia now
getting seeds for experimental planting
in this country."
When Secretary Wilson took charge
of the Agricultural Department he un
dertook- a number of investigations
through special agents. He tells me
that the eighteen months' experience of
the department has proved the entire
correctness of his ideas.
"We have proved to the people of
England," he said, "that we can send
them the best dairy products they have
ever seen. Just now we are introduc
ing American butter and cheese into
China and Japan."
"Do you think the Chinese can be
persuaded to eat our butter?"
"Certainly. They don't eat any but
ter now, but when they have tried it
they will want it as they will want our
meats and other food products. Give
a man something good to eat and you i
cultivate the taste for it. The Chinese
will take our butter and in time our j
cheese. You must remember, too, that
not all the people of China are natives
of that country."
In scanning the columns of the daily
press the majority of people give the
news of the crops in official form bare
ly a passing glance, but to the student
I of the crops of the United States these
I form the pages of the text book, by
I means of which he gains the necessary
I knowledge upon which to predicate an
j intelligent opinion. Secretary Wilson
and his staff of experts are students of
just this sort of knowledge, except that
they have far more laid before them
every day than any newspaper could
possibly print. Mr. Wilson's statisti
cian is John Hyde, and it is his duty to
collate all the figures that come from
the department's agents throughout
the country, discard the chaff and pol
ish the kernel of the grain so that it
will attract the attention it deserves.
Mr. Hyde says that the total pro
duction of corn in the United States
last year was 1,902,967,933 bushels, or
more than 16 per cent less than the
yield of the year before, while the area j
of production was almost a million |
acres less. Yet, in spite of these facts, ;
on the basis of the farm price, the net
value of that decreased crop was more
than ten millions of dollars greater
than the big crop of 1896. Of course
The Turbinia, as exhibited last sum
mer, was unable to stop, unable to turn
and unable to go backward. Mr. Par
sons therefore withdrew her to New
castle-on-Tyne. There he has succeed
ed in producing a turbine steamer
which can reverse as easily as the or
dinary steamer.
The Turbinia has been given a public
demonstration before a board of naval
experts to show what she can accom
plish. Mr. Parsons recently brought
her to a standstill within thirty-seven
seconds while traveling at the rate of
thirty knots. He has also recently
made the Turbinia, with her new re
versing system, go at the rate of seven
and a half knots backward. He has
also proved that she can turn as easily
as the ordinary steamer.
The Parsons system of turbine pro
pulsion is highly ingenious. Inside a
steel case or tube five feet long and
only eight inches in diameter there is
arranged a small regiment of tiny tur
bines.
These are so set that as each revolves
it comes in contact with partitions
fixed to the interior of the steel case or
tube.
Between the revolving blades and the
fixed ones there is just space enough
for steam to steal through. This steam
is admitted to the tube by means of a
valve.
After turning the first turbine it is
projected on to the next, and is whirled
from one to the other with ever in
creasing force until, by the time it
escapes from the opposite end of the
tube, it has by its pressure on the
blades turned the shaft on which they
are placed at the rate of 2500 to 3000
revolutions a mi-nute.
Mr. Parsons in a recent interview
said: "I believe that a liner of 15,000
tons can be built with engines like the
Turbinia's capable of running between
Sandy Hook and Roches Point in three
days.
"She will burn pretty well three time?
as much coa. per day as the present
iiic rrup in is^o is me largest on record
and the crop of 1897 has only been ex
ceeded in the history of this country;
six different years.
The experts claim that these facts in
dicate more than proof of the oftmade
statement that a lesser crop is more
profitable than a greater. They show:
a stronger; a wider and a constantly;
developing market for American ce
reals that comparatively few of the
sharp-eyed people of this country real
ize. Another very interesting fact that
was demonstrated by Mr. Hyde is that
there has been a big increase in corn
crops of the cotton States west of Ala
bama, as well as in Illinois, Missouri,
Nebraska, Kansas, New Mexico and
California. The only great increase in
acreage, however, was in Kansas and
Texas, the latter State increasing its
corn area by more than half a million
acres.
All these facts pertain to the corn
crop. Mr. Hyde tells us even more in
teresting .facts than those quoted about
the wheat crop, facts that demonstrate
very clearly the truth of what Secre
tary Wilson said to me. For instance,
the wheat area actually harvested in
1897 was nearly five million acres more
than had been reported as under culti
vation. So thoroughly did this fact
throw the calculations of the depart
ment people out of plumb that it was
found to be impossible to make a satis
factory comparison of yields with the
results of the farmers' labors in 1898.
So Mr. Hyde says that the best thing
we can do is to go back to the eleventh,
census and with the figures there se
cured make comparisons that have
nothing about them which could b«
termed odious.
This action brings out in strong re
lief the continued western movement
of the center of production, and also
the continued tendency toward concen
tration. Take the country east of the
Mississippi, for instance. Only six
States show a larger wheat acreage
than they had the eleventh census, atid
the total of such increase is only 377,462
acres. On the other hand, every State
west of the Mississippi, with the single
exception of Missouri, shows an in
crease. Kansas' acreage is greater by
1,500,000; Minnesota, 1,200,000; Nebraska,
1,000,000; Oregon and Oklahoma, 500.
000 each; Washington and California,
each 400.000. It is a curious truth that
appears when the yield in the two Da*,
kotas is contrasted. ihe northern is
apparently at a standstill, while the
southern comes to the front with an in
crease of over 400,000 acres.
Looking back again at the increase
the position of the Pacific Cxiast is
worthy of note, for the wheat crop of
California. Oregon and Washington ag
gregated 70,673,690 bushels, or 13.3 per
cent of the total crop of the country.
The Mark Lane Express tells of the
Insectivora Food Company of London,
which is selling a new food product
called preserved tropical flies. These
flies are caught in the swamps and
lakes of South American countries by
spreading nets over the water during"
the night. The flies are then dried,
pressed and shipped to England to be
sold as poultry food. The eggs of these
flies, which are about the size of poppy
seeds, are also collected and sold as
chicken food.
models, say 1500 tons; she will save
weight and space in boiler and engine
room, which will enable her to carry
about the same number of passengers
and the same cargo as a 15,000 ton
steamer carries to-day."
They were Fitting on the porch in the
gloaming, says the Cleveland Plain
dealer. They were alone, save for the
neighbors with lung ears, who sat on
their porches in the Immediate neighbor
hood.
The solitary pair on their porch are new
in the matrimonial business. Perhaps
that Is why they preferred to be alone.
Especially in the gloaming.
And the neighbors sitting quietly on
their porches overheard this tender littl*
dialogue: , ,
He— How soft your cheek is, dear?
She (submissively)— Yes, George.
Brief silence.
He — What a- growth ot hair you have
on your face, love.
She— Yes. George. You know why.
He— Why, dearest?
She— Because sweetest peaches always
have a fuzz.-
Long silence.
Neighbors finally sigh and break the
oppressive stillness.
2122
Emperor William of Germany on His Way Through
the Holy Land,
THE Emperor William II of Ger
many,, accompanied by the Em
press, is making a pilgrimage
to the Holy Land.
No one acquainted with the
character of William will doubt
that the entire processional will be a
continuous spectacle of. splendor .
Why does he go to Jerusalem?
"I think it is mostly to visit the very
interesting country," said Mr. Oswald
I.ohun, German Vice ConsuL :There
is no reason why the Emperor and.' Em
press should not enjoy the trip just as
hundreds of private individuals do
every year. Ha is going to be. pres
ent at the dedication of the Church of
Our Savior, as his father was at the
laying of its cornerstone. 1 have no
official notification of the absence of
the Emperor, but as the Empress ac
companies him it is little likely that
the object of the visit is political."
The Kaiser is ambitious. He has
been trying to find some opening to
fame, but there has seemed little for
him to do.
Owing to the waning life of the Pope
it has been suggested that William's
mission to Jerusalem has for its ob
ject the proclamation of himself as the
head of the church of Germany. Czar
Nicholas is the supreme ht-ad both of
Btate and church in Russia, and the
Kaiser watches the young Czar with
envious eyes.
Be that as it may, the Emperor is
making a magnificent tour to the Holy
Lund.
He does not go as did Richard Coeur
de Lion, with an army of fighting men
at his b.-ick. In William's train is an
army of prelates, stat" fhlnlsters,
retaries, artists, courtiers, couriers,
pages, cooks and personal attendants.
To transport the impedimenta loOfl'
horses and mules are required.
' The sea journey is made in the
royal yacht the Hohenzollern, .but a
greater portion of the land journey the
Kaiser intends to make on h"rseback..
Every city through which the royal
train must pass is guarded and every
care is taken to protect the royal ones
from the anarchists. Already two
plots have been discovered to assassi
nate the Emperor. • /';. " •
It was intended at first that he
should visit Egypt, but as European af
fairs are not at rest the head of the
German Empire could not be* absent
from home so lons, so the Egyptian
visit was abandoned. Then an an
archist was captured, and from the pa
pers captured with him it was found
that a conspiracy had been formed v.
kill the royal couple by the explosion
of a bomb. In the almost impassably
narrow streets of Cairo a fanatic was
to throw a bomb of guncotton and ful
minate of m^rcur-- Into the carriage,
carrying death to every one near.
When William decided not to. go to
Cairo the plan of death was changed
&-a tne V-- ■- \, aras tc be' thrown dur
ing the ceremony of the dedication of
the Church of Our Savior.
Again, on Monday, an anarchist was
found with plans of an assassination.
Then followed an edict that veiled wo
men should not be allowed abroad In
any city through which William was
passing. The loose, long veil is an
excellent disguise, and the anarchists
might avail themselves of It. As a Mo
hammedan woman may not go unveiled
this order will mean that the women
must stay at home.
When the royal fleet entered the
Dardanelles it was joined by two
patched up vessels" of the decrepid
Turkish fleet bearing envoys with
greetings from the Sultan to the Em
peror and inviting him to rest and ac
cept entertainment in Constantinople.
A royal palace had been prepared with
lavish outlay to be placed at the serv
ice of the couple and their suite. , . '
When the Christian- and Mohamme
dan, .monarchs nipt they kissed. . The
Sultan bowed low over the Empress*
white hand and laid upon it his royal
lips, an honor never before accorded
to any Christian woman by the Mo
hammedan Sultan. . >;V
The city had been cleaned and decor
ated Whole streets of picturesque neg
! lect were furbished up with red or blue
: "i: yellow paint. Streets were paved,
-and never did the Turks behold such
| illuminations before. From a hill the
i veiled women of the town viewed the
[ pageants. Although every mark of
' honor was paid to the German Empress
'< no woman of the Sultan's household
j greeted her or bore her company at the
banquets or functions. At the grand
[ banquet the Sultan occupied a seat of
state with the royal guests one on
either side.
When the long banquet was ended
j the Kaiser went to make his farewell
visits to the Ministers of State. At the
same time the Sultan and his eldest son
accompanied the Empress to the home
i of the Turkish women and children—
the harem. Even the Emperor of Ger
many might not. look upon the face of
i any of the women of the harem. The
young daughter of the Sultan acted as
Interpreter,' and a pleasant hour was
passed.
The programme for the entire two
i months of absence from Germany has
i been carefully prepared by the court
{ chamberlain as follows:
October 26 the Hohenzollern will
I arrive at. Haifa. At that point will be
! gin the long' drive over the Plain of
Sharon, where the roses .are the most
: beautiful in all the world and now in
blossom in great gardens, to be gath
ered soon for making attar of roses. At
night the tents will be pitched outside
the town of Caesarea, whence St. Paul
set out on his journey to Tarsus.
The royal tents are not mere tents,
but houses of canvas, containing many
rooms and every luxury.
Most of the journey into the Holy
Land the Kaiser will make on his white
horse, presented to him by the Sultan.
jHe will be dressed in the gorgeous
I canary colored uniform and surrounded
Iby his bodyguard, also dressed in
I canary color, no one of whom is under
6 feet 3 inches. He carries- fifty new
uniforms for the pageants and wears no
sackcloth under any of them.
October 27— The journey will be con
tinued over the Plain of Sharon to
Jaffa, the travelers stopping at the
places on the way where the apostles
walked and talked.
October 29— Entry into Jerusalem.
K:ea on the way where the apostles
ki d and talked.
etober 29— Entry into Jerusalem.
Before the Jaffa gate the Emperor
1 will dismount and will be received into
1 Jerusalem by German girls dressed in
white muslin trimmed with moire silk
and carrying Marechal Niel roses and
lilies of the valley, the favorite flowers
of the Empress. •
After the German maidens have
passed the Emperor will be received by
a guard of Turkish soldiers and by the
Bishops of the Roman, Greek, Ar
menian, Catholic and Protestant
churches of Jerusalem. The spectacle
will be as magnificent as is in the im
agination of man to conceive. -
October 30 the royal pilgrims will at
tend divine service at the Church of
the Holy S.epulcher the visible result
of the crusade?. The church was built
In the fourth century by the Emperor
| Constantine and has been the. Mecca of
hundreds of pilgrims from every Chris
tian country, not excepting America.
It is one of the oldest Christian
i churches in the world. This church is
j built on the tomb of our Savior, and
beneath is the grotto of the sepulcher,
only six and a half feet long by six
feet wide and very low. Here are the
forty-three precious lamps maintained
by the different churches of Christen
dom.
. The place of the crucifixion (Gol
gotha) is near, and here is shown the
Hole in which was inserted the cross.
October 31 — Ceremony of the dedica
tion.
November 1 the pilgrims will go to
Jericho, passing through Bethany and
the Mount of Olives. The house of
Mary and Martha is still standing, and
tho tomb of their brother is here.
November 2 Bethlehem will be vis
ited. Here Is the beautiful Church of
the Nativity, built by Constantine
A. P. 330. nnd one of the oldest
churches in the world.' Here on a slab
let Into the floor is the inscription in
Latin:
"fifre of the Virgin Mary Jesus
Christ was born."
November 3 to 5 will be spent in
Jerusalem, and during this time the
Emperor will visit his Jewish subjects.
These Jews are supported by the Jews
of all Christendom to stay at Jerusa
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1898.
lum, study the Talmud, and wail that
the temple has been overthrown and
pray for the coming of the kingdom of
Judea.
November 5 the return Journey be
gins.
November 14— Entry of the pilgrims
in Berlin.
Thousands of pilgrims from <Jermany
who have gone to Jerusalem to be pres
ent at the ceremony will attend the
dedication. The church is of the Lu
theran denomination, and the head of
the church, the Bishop, will lead the
ceremony.
For the music special musicians have
been practising for months in Berlin,
and they, too, have made the pilgrim
age to Jerusalem.
During the ceremony the Sultan, by
an envoy, will present to the Emperor
as a gift the deed of the spot known as
the site of the Last Supper of Our
NEW CURE FOR THE TOBACCO HABIT.
Dr. Sydney Flower says that by simply eating peanuts and following certain directions in mental training the craving for
tobacco can be stopped.
HOWEVKR fantastic my particu
lar method of dealing with the
tobacco habit may seem on pa
per, It will effect a cure if faith
fully carried out. In the first
place, be sure that your patient really
desires to break off the habit of using
tobacco. In the second place, remem
ber that your patient will react accord
ing to the impression your manner
makes upon his mind. If you speak
lightly of your method of treating him
he will hold that method in small es
teem. Therefore, speak impressively,
and If he smiles at your modus op
erandi frown him into a decent humil
ity.
Suggestion alone is not sufficient to
hold the average tobacco user, and you
will therefore add a material medicine
in the shape of— peanuts! Yes, my
friend, ludicrous as the Idea seems,
there lies In the vulgar peanut a charm
to sap the power of My Lady Nicotine
and free the fettered slave.
In all drug habits there are two con
ditions to combat— physical and mental.
or physiological and.peychologica.l. I
use peanuts to offset the physical crav
ing and suggestion to calm the mind.
What is the condition of the user of
tobacco if the weed is withdrawn? It
is important to understand this, be
Savior. !
The church which the Emperor has
traveled all the way from Germany to
Jerusalem to see dedicated is one built
at the cost of $300,000 by Germany for
her subjects in Jerusalem. It is thought
most significant that the Emperor has
selected October 31 for the dedication,
as it is the anniversary of the day ■
when Martin Luther nailed his twenty- '
cause there is but a slight variation in
one dozen cases from the average.
The condition is one of mental un
rest, some physical sensations and ner
vousness. The withdrawal of tobacco
acts as a withdrawal of a powerful
nerve tonic, because this weed, used
first as a nerve spdarive, becomes by
force of usage a nerve stimulant. Let
us take the mental condition first under
consideration. I do not try to put a
tobacco user to sleep, because it is an
unnecessary performance, but give him
positive suggestions whiie he is sitting
opposite me to the following effect:
1. That it will be easy to break him
of the habit.
2. That he will not suffer, despite the
fact that he has tried to break off pre
viously, but has failed on account of
the discomfort ensuing.
3. That he Is not a hero or a being to
be pitied or sympathized with, because
he will not be calied upon to display
any heroic qualities of endurance.
4. That If he follows directions he will
not Buffer from nervousness or "sink
ings" at the nit of the stomach.
5. That he will begin at once to gain
In weight; that his memory will be
sharper and more tenacious, and that
his digestive organs will regain tone;
that his nerves will be as steel, his
muscles as Iron and his complexion will
lose the muddy hue which mars its
comeliness.
6. That the habit Is uncleanly— ln
fact, degrading— and that Its gratifica
tion entails a gross waste of money.
ROYAL PILGRIMS
TO THE HOLY LAND
Historical Visit of Emperor William to the
Holy Land and the Great Results It May
three propositions on the door of the
Castle Church after thundering his de
nunciations against Tetzel. The date
marks the beginning of the "Reforma
tion.
Professor Samuel Ives Curtiss, D. D.,
says: "France and Russia are divid
ing Palestine between themselves. It
is not for nothing that on every com
manding position around Jerusalem is
What right has he to literally burn his
income when his wife is compelled to
wear a gown that is out of date? (In
the event of the operator boinj; himself
addicted to the habit of smoking it is
wiser to omit No. 6.)
Thus, then, do 1 prepare the Datient's
mind for tho lightness of the task bo
fore him, laying special Btreas upon the
fact that he will at no time consider
himself an object of compassion or self
pity, for if he believe himself to be per
forming a deed of no small heroism he
will suffer agonies, whereas if his ab
negation is ignored and taken as a
matter of course he will react accord
ingly.
Now as to the physical symptoms.
They will be but slight if the above
preparation of the mind is properly
done, and will show themselves in oc
casional pains about the region of the
heart, sinking at the pit of the stom
ach, a lassitude, weak and accelerated
pulse and muscular twitchings. Nerv
ousness, jumping at a sudden noise and
irritability of temper will be in evi
dence, but will be greatly modified by
suggestion.
Prescribe peanuts, to be eaten slow
ly, constantly and continually. He
must be occupied; busy him therefore
with peanuts. He would, if left alone,
think of tobacco: he must, on the con
trary, think of peanuts. Has he a loath-
Ing for peanuts? All the better. He
will learn to love them for their nutri
tious qualities and intrinsic flavor.
Does his stomach rebel on the second
Lead to in the Eastern Question.
a Russian convent or a Russian hos
pice. It is not mere charity which
makes Russia and France found
schools and endow hospitals and asy
lums all over Palestine. They are only
waiting till the 'sick man" dies to take
openly what they have taken diplomat
ically.
"England cannot afford to interfere,
nor can she afford to let Russia get
Syria; it is too near to her rebellious
India. So Queen Victoria felicitates
the German Emperor and aids him in
his attempt to gain a substantial foot
hold In Palestine, where already five
or six German colonies have the pro
tectorate of William. It is not a new
idea of William's to establish a Ger
man caliphate in Jerusalem. Frederick
William 111 nearly a century ago hoped
to do it, and every German rujer since
has dreamed of it. The Great William
wrested from the Sultan in ISR9 the gift
of Muristan, a quarter of Christian Je
rusalem. Germans Mho remain Ger
mans still are living there. Only here
In Palestine of all the German colo
nists are any who do not lost their na
tionality, just as they do in America,
or Canada, or Africa.
Here are German banks, and a Ger
man railroad is building from Bagdad
to the Mediterranean.
The Emperor cultivates the friend
ship of the Sultan, and when the "sick
man" dies Germany will not let France
and Russia take peaceful possession of
or third day? Has he biliousness nr
colic? It is still well, because no man
when bilious desires tobacco.
Observe that you are supplying him
with material for the digestive organs
to work upon, and that his jaws are
not idle. There is no vacuum, and
there will be, under this regimen, no
sinking at the pit of the stomach. A
feeling of fullness, perhaps: a plethoric
condition; a sense of satiety; but this
is exactly what we desire to bring
about. Keep the system busy and at
work; keep the mind at rest:
Ah, my friends, how true it is that
the mouse may gnaw the ropes that
bind the lion! Even the plebeian pea
nut may be the means of restoring har
mony to an afflicted household. I have
known this humble agent, taken ac
cording to directions, stretch strong
men upon beds of sickness, from which
they rose in the course of a day or two
clean of heart and purged of the crav
ing for tobacco. I have known of
others whose stomachs wore not upset,
and who went their way rejoicing and
waxed fat speedily.
I have never known of a failure if
the above directions were carried out.
The tobacco habit is not worthy to be
classed as a drug habit.
SYDNEY FLOWER. M. D.
— : . » ■
BISMARCK'S BOSW^LL.
Anton Memmtnger, whose recollections
of Bismarck in retirement are creating
considerable interest in Germany, is a'
ries here have made all the fireworks
for the illuminations and all the am
munition used in the maneuvers in
honor of the royal guests.
The stony roads which Mark Twain
the Holy Land.
The Sultan has left nothing undone
to please the Emperor.
So far as possible, German merchants
supply the materials for the banquets
and entertainments. German facto
traveled in just the same way as King-
David did and our Savior and his
friends, and Paul and Godefroy de
Bouillion and Saladin and every one
else who ever went to Jerusa
lem have been smoothed and
paved and widened for the carriage of
the Empress. Donkey trails are the
prevailing road through the Holy Land,
but in order that the Empress may not
be fatigued or travel in so undignified
a manner as, on a donkey the roads
have been made so as to allow a car
riage to roll smoothly all the way to
Jerusalem.
When the Church <>f Our Savior, is
dedicated the Sultan will present to the
.Emperor a deed of the spot which is
called the site of the Last Supper of
Our Savior. There will doubtless be
erected soon another great edifice either
as a church or as a hospital. Already
a great German hospital in Jerusalem
cares for 500 people annually, irrespec
tive of creed or rate. The visit of the
Emperor will change the aspect of Con
stantinople and Syria more than three
hundred years have done, and finan
cially the German merchants will be
benefited by thousands upon thousands
of dollars. The Germans do not de
mand that everything shall be "im
ported," s<> that whether the Emperor
is actually proclaimed the head of the
German church with a caliphate at Je
rusalem or not his journey will be a
success.
man of extraordinary versatility. His
memoirs of the Iron Chancellor are be
ing published in the Neve Bayrische Lan
deszeitung, a well-known paper of inde
pendent principles, of which he has been
the editor for many years. To the Ger
man public, however, he is known prin
cipally as the author of a remarkable
book, called "The Romance of Ludwlg
II," a biography of the mad King of Ba
varia, for Which Bismarck supplied much
of the material, and he has written an
equally important work on the domestic
policy of the German Government.
Among his numerous publications, too,
are a treatise on the rallwava of Bu I
g:\r\a, another dealing with the Alpine
Passes, and a clever novel entitled "Die
Herzogin yon Galllera," aqd -to these
again must he added a volume of "So
cialistic Letters" from America. — London
Chronicle.
"Here!" cried the lady who had just
given the weary walker a good breakfast,
"why are you going that way?'
He stopped, looked at her. for a moment
and- then asked:
"Didn't you say de man what wanted
to hire help lived around dat corner down
yonder?" «
"Yes, just around the corner to your
right."
"Well, den I ain't went and made no
sickenin blunder. Dats why I'm turnin'
around de corner to me left."— Cleveland
Leader.
Boatman— Fine day for a saale, sur.
Solomon Isaacs, Esq. (licensed brok
er and appraiser)— Veil, I knows that,
stoopid; but I'm down "ere a-injyin*
myself. I don't carry mj hauction
rooms about vith me.— Colored ComicYUMA, A. T.. Oct. 28.. — The last wild camel in America was killed and
eaten by the Indians here a few days ago. The venerable beast was one
of the herd of camels brought from Asia Minor many years ago to carry ore
from thp Comstock mines.
AND so ends the greatest attempt
at acclimating foreign animals
ever made in th-e United States.
It seems sad that the noble
beast, the iast of his tribe,
should have such an inglorious
end. And yet some sympathy must be.
given the poor Indians, for they must
have been awful hungry to be able to
masticate the tough, seventy-five-year
old camel. Besides the poor camel
would most likely have died of slow
starvation in a short time. for. when
-en alive by white men it was
very feeble.
Just who the man was that thought
of bringing cajnels to this country
semes to be a matter of some doubt.
Several men are credited with having
done so, but even the old-timers them
selves seem to be a little bit tangled up
on this bit of Western history. P. T.
Barton of Prescott, Ariz., who was In
the Comstock at the time, said he was
positive that the late A.dolph Sutro wa^
largely instrumental in bringing the
camels here. This, however, has been
strenuously denied. Dozens of similar
LAST DRAWING OF THE HAVANA LOTTERY
The advent of the Americans has ended Cuba's big gambling institution.
Special to The Sunday Call.
HAVANA, Ocf 27, 7898.
OInE of the most clearly marked
Indications of the coming <>f
America.ii rule in Cuba is the
passing of the Havana lottery.
Last Monday morning I wit
nessed what will, in all probability, be
Us last drawing. According to the Gov
ernment schedule the. next drawing
should be held the first of next month,
but the exact date. has not yet been
advertised, and it is accepted as a fore
gone conclusion by almost every one
that before that time arrives "Los
Yankis" will have interfered and .driven
the lottery from Cuba forever.
The two institutions which always
best illustrated the state of the public
conscience and character in Cuba were
the bull fight and the lottery.
While the bull light was national and
traditionally- sacred, it was never gov
ernmental or political. Its existence
could be terminated by a single edict.
But with the lottery it was different,
lor this dignified, well managed gam
bling institution was one of .the chief
Cuban sources of revenue for the Span
i b crown.
The lottery here was a Government
Institution just as much was the cus
tom house or postoffice. Its profits were
the most infallible of the indirect taxes,
its management and operation consti
tuted one of the departments of the
colonial administration.
I 'ill ike the !aie Louisiana lottery, for
example, none of the profits were ever
given to charitable institutions. Every
<<n<- of the million pesos that were an-,
nually derived from the Havana lottery
was turned over to the Secretary of the
Treasury, which is. another way of say
ing that they were sent to Spain, be
cause the Idea of spending in Cuba any
of the revenues that came from the
Island has always been entirely foreign
to the Spanish theory of governing.
The Havana lottery was founded in
1812 by a Government decree, which at
the same time prohibited private lot
teries and all other forms of gambling
In Cuba. In a country where there were
neither stock exchanges nor bookmak
ers, the only vent far the gaming spirit,
always strong in the Latin race, was
the Government lottery, which has
done a thriving business ever since it
started.
It is a difficult matter to ascertain
the exact amount of revenue that has
been obtained from the lottery, because
stories are told about other prominent
Californians. but little credence can be
given to any of them.
But the fact remains that the camels
were brought here. On all the points
connected with this part of the story
the old-timers agree.
It was in the old days when the Com-
Btock was in its glory. The days before
the railroad; when Virginia City was
almost as important a town as San
Francisco. Old-timers heave deep sighs
full at heartrending meaning when
they think of them.
It so happened that a certain group
of mines about twenty-five or thirty
miles out of Virginia City was panning
out piles of rich ore. It was impossible
to put up a mill close to the mines on
account of lack of water.
Mules were put to the work, and dur
ing the winter months did fairly well,
although to feed and care for them was
a terrorizing expense. It must be un
derstood that as dry, rocky and barren
a desert as there is on the face of the
earth lay between Virginia City and
the mines. To use a vehicle of any
kind was out at the question, and so
the ore was carried in bags slung over
the backs of the animals.
both its prizes and income have from
time to time been paid in gold or silver
or paper currency, as the price of the
different kinds of money was most ad
vantageous for the Government.
The accounts were last kept on a gold
basis in 1892. During that year the
amount of revenue paid into the treas
ury from the lottery was $1,957,124.
Since then, according to the reports
! in the Treasury Department, the earn
ings of the lottery, paid sometimes in
silver and sometimes In paper, have
been as follows:
18&3 $1 ,811,698 1896 $1,036,7(59
1894 1,588,744 1597 1,446,564
1895 1,218,422
Drawings usually took place three
times a month. For each 12,000 tickets
were offered for sale at $10 each for
the entire ticket, or 50 cents each for
any one of the twenty sections into
which it was subdivided. Three
quarters of the receipts were distrib
uted In premiums and one-quarter was
retained by the Government, which took
also all prizes drawn on unsold tick
ets. The first prize at each drawing
was $50,000. From that amount they
ranged down to 500 prizes of $60 each.
. By a complicated system of agencies
that reached to every village of Cuba,
lottery tickets were on sale every
where. There agents hired sub-agents
to peddle tickets in the streets and pub
lic places.
One of the favorite methods for re
concentrado children to earn a few
cents a day was to sell tickets for some
sub-agent. Their shrill voices crying,
"Good numbers; sure to win prizes,"
could be heard on every corner. Lot
tery tickets were far more easy to ob
tain in Havana than postage-stamps.
It is scarcely an exaggeration to say
that every one more than 15 years of
age in Cuba played in the lottery. In
every position of the mercantile, pro
ffssional or social life of the island
uund the same green and purple
tickets with their big black numbers.
Some years ago reports became cur
rent here of fraud and corruption in the
administration of the lottery. As a re
sult an ingenious system of conducting
the drawings was devised that is said
to be the only one of its kind in the
world.
The drawing on Monday took place in
a low, one-story shed in the courtyard
of the Palace of the Treasury. The
shed is plain enough on the outside, but
is handsomely furnished. A large, high
tribune, or platform, occupies about
half the room. On the rear wall hangs
a lifesize .portrait of the boy King of
Spain, in the uniform of a Captain-
General of Cuba. Directly beneath the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1898.
THE LONG STRING OF CAMELS WERE LOADED WITH SACKS
OF ORE AND SENT TRAMPING ACROSS THE DESERT
FROM THE MINES TO THE MILLS.
From the first it was apparent that
the mule plan was not a success. In
the summer it took about two mules to
carry water for the one that carried
ore. And all the while the animals
kept dying. The intense heat and dry
sandy air was too much for them and
they fell by the waysiae so fast that a
new band was required almost weekly.
But the ore had to be carried t<> the
mill, for there was "millions in it."
At this juncture some genius sug
gested that the miners buy camels for
the work. So the camels were bought
at great expense. Some of them were
obtained from the veteran showman,
P. T. Barnum, and about twenty came
direct from Asia Minor under the care
of an agent dispatched from Virginia
City.
From the first the camels did all
that was expected of them. Each
morning they would eat a meager
breakfast of any old weed that hap
pened in their way, drink a few gallons
of water and were ready for business.
Two bags of ore, each containing be
tween 300 and 500 pounds, were
strapped to the back over the hump of
each camel.
When the train was ready all started
off at once, striking a good swinging
gait that was kept up until the mill
was reached. The drivers had nothing
to do but follow the train. No stopping
for water, no urging, no beatings. The
faithful beasts did their work willingly.
When the ore was dumped the camels
took another big drink and were turned
loose, being permitted to make their
way back to the mine at their own
pleasure. Very rarely did one of them
fail to be on h.and the next morning
ready to take another load to the mill.
The camel train was a strange sight
picture is a long, semi-circular tabie,
covered with crimson velvet. At the
center of the table sat Senor Ramon
Espinosa and the Conde de la Re
union, who, as representatives of the
Treasurer, preside at the drawings.
Beside them, as assistants, were dele
gates from six of the municipal depart
ments of the Government.
Although drawings invariably begin
at 7:30 o'clock in the morning, a crowd
began to gather on the benches in front
of the platform long before that hour
and chatter over the tickets which ap
parently each one had brought with
him.
Senor Espinosa touched a bell on the
table as a signal that the drawing had
begun. A clerk unlocked a big wooden
box and from it took out six long
strings of wooden marbles. Two pub
lic criers announced to the crowd that
the marbles were numbered and repre
sented the tickets which had been is
sued. "If any one has any doubt as to
the fairness of this distribution," they
said, "let him come forward and ex
amine the marbles; if not, let him com
plain of no unfairness." No one ac
cepted the invitation. Every one
seemed convinced that the drawing
was the model of fairness the criers
proclaimed it to be.
The marbles were taken off the
strings and deposited in a basket in
front of the velvet covered table. From
another box several smaller strings o£
marbles were taken. Each one of them
was marked with the amount of one of
the premiums. These smaller strings
were counted in the presence of the
audience by the supervisors of the
drawing.
A negro took his place in front of a
large, odd looking apparatus that was
not unlike an American spiral grain
conveyer. The ticket marbles were
thrown into it, and the negro began to
turn a crank. The marbles rose higher
and higher, jangling and clashing as
they went, until they finally dropped
Into an enormous brass globe on one
side of the platform. The prize marbles
went by the same process into, another
globe on the other side of the platform.
The object of this, Mr. Espinosa ex
plained to me, was to thoroughly mix
the marbles, so that no one would have
the slightest idea of their position in
the globes, and thus preclude any pos
sibility of cheating.
Attendants took their places in front
of the two globes. By means of valves
attached to each they allowed the
marbles to fall out one at a time.
From an anteroom at the rear of the
platform two boys from the Havana
while en route across the desert. From
a distance the general effect was that
of a scene in Persia. There was noth
ing lacking, the intense blue sky, the
blinding white sand and the distant
mountains showing dimly through a
faint, purple haze. Many a traveler,
seeing the sight for the first time,
has stopped and rubbed his eyes, won
dering if he were not suffering with
some temporary mental aberration.
But all this changed when the rail
road came. Then the camels' work was
over. The iron horse displaced them,
and once more the owners began to
puzzle over a serious question. "What
was to be done with the camels?
The herd hud been increased by sev
eral young ones. Nearly all the in
fants, however, died the first winter.
Then an effort was made to sell the
whole lot. But Barnum did not want
them and nobody else cared to load up
on camels.
For months the patient beasts waited
around their old corral ready and will
ing to do any work that might be given
them. But there was none for them to
do and finally the owners turned them
loose to get their living as best they
could.
It was several months before they
ventured far from their old home, but
in time they managed to wander all
over the deserts of Arizona and even,
into Mexico and New Mexico.
At first f me of the bold cowboys
thought to have fun with the meek
sad-looking camels that crossed their
tracks. But they never tried it a sec
ond time. It was always somewhat dif
ficult to make a cow-pony get near
enough to a camel to throw- a rope over
its neck. But the trick was often done
and the cowboy settled back in his
Orphan Asylum were led out and sta
tioned by the two globes.
The two attendants worked in con
cert. Every* time a ticket marble fell
on one side of the room its correspond
ing prize marble would fall on the
other. The boys would in turn shout
out first the number of the marble and
then, the amount that had been won by
the ticket it represented, depositing the
marbles on the dejk of a clerk, who sat
in front erf the table.
Every fifteen minutes the globes would
be turned over, in order to further mix
their contents.
The cool of the morning had passed
by this time. The day was hot, as
nearly all Havana days are. The men
at the valves perspired and fanned.
The boys' voices grew husky. The in
creasing crowd listened nervously and
anxiously for the announcement of the
number that had drawn the first prize.
Finally the marble that represented it
fell from the globe. A recess of ten
minutes was taken. The boys were led
away and two more took their places.
The drawing was resumed until all the
prize marbles had been exhausted.
"The last!" cried the man at the smaller
globe. Senor Espinosa arose and said,
as he rang the bell for the last time:
"The day's drawing of the Government
lottery of Havana is over. You have
seen that it was just and fair."
The prizes are distributed to the win
ners from the office of the Secretary of
the Treasury on the day following the
drawing-.
In speaking of the lottery, the Conde
de la Reunion told me to-day that the
receipts had fallen off very materially
since the American occupation of East
ern Cuba. Santiago, he said, was for
merly one of the best markets for the
sale of lottery tickets.
"I do not very well see," said the
Conde, "how the United States Govern
ment can dispense with the lottery
without causing great dissatisfaction
throughout Cuba. We are as much ac
customed to buying lottery tickets as
postage stamps. Savings banks have
never been a success in the island. One
was tried several years ago in Havana,
but it failed miserably and its president
committed suicide. Cubans are accus
tomed to putting their snare money
into the lottery as an investment. Any
man who plays continuously and per
severingly is almost certain to get back
more money than he has paid into the
lottery, besides always having a chance
of winning a prize that will make him
comfortably rich for life."
The Conde de la Reunion, who is a
large plantation owner and one of the
leading autonomists in Havana, voiced
the Spanish and Cuban opinion of the
lottery.
It is exceedingly doubtful whether
American eyes will ever view this time
honored institution in the same light.
Last
Camel
of the
Comstock
MineS
saddle to have a good laugh at the
antics of the beast.
But about a moment later the cow
boy generally thought the country had
been struck by a oyotone. His horse
was jerked from .under him and usually
dragged to death unless the lariat
fortunately broke. The cowboy bumped
the ground pretty hard and in some
oases came to in time to witness th>
end of his horse or possibly see the
bruised animal lying on the sand and
the saddle following a camel into the
distance. A cow-pony could no more
hold one of the Comstock camels than
it could a steam engine, and the cow
boy who found this out by experience
learned a lesson that he never forgot.
As the years went by the camels de
creased in numbers and in spite of the
fact that they were running wild the
SPANIARDS MAKING A "CLEAN-UP" IN CUBA
Business in suspense; garrjbling and corruption on all sides.
Sfecial to The Sunday Call.
HAVANA, Oct. 27.— Business in
Cuba is in a state of suspense,
of complete stagnation. No
progress in any industrial
branch is to be expected un
tii the political status of the
island becomes fixed and stable. Cu
bans, Spanish and Americans, mer
chants of all nationalities, are simply
waiting for the Spanish troops to get
out and the American soldiers to come
in. Meanwhile the era of progress is
being postponed by the eternal manana
of the Spanish Evacuation Commission
ers. The American Commissioners find
little to do except to go fishing and
shark hunting, while the patriotic Span
ish officers of all ranks are trying to
fill their pockets with the loot that is
to be carried off when the final manana
comes around.
Rt/bbing the people, cheating the Gov
ernment, stealing public funds, picking
private pockets, fleecing the lambs
called strangers, plucking the geese
called promoters; these are the occupa
tions of the Spanish military officials,
of the Spanish civil authorities and of
Spanish and Cuban merchants at pres
ent.
Corruption is practiced openly, even
ostentatiously, like the charity of the
hypocritical. If one dc-übts this he has
only to walk down to the machina, the
Custom-house wharf, to find the proof.
Here he may see, as the correspondent
did the other day, blacks at work un
loading sacks from the lighters. The
sacks were labeled "charcoal," but the
process of piling them in heaps on the
wharf scattered a fine white dust. This
does not mean that white charcoal has
beeen invented, for when the corre
spondent dipped his fingers in the white
dust and tasted it he tasted flour. The
sacks were consigned to a Spanish im
porter in Manzanillo — a thousand sacks
of flour marked as charcoal. The infer
ence was clear that some one was
cheating the Government out of import
duties, or that the Custom-house offi
cials were permitting the Government
to be cheated.
Later, on presenting a letter of intro
duction to a well-known Cuban mer
chant in Havana, the correspondent
mentioned the flour which had come In
as charcoal. "Tut," said the merchant,
"that is a mere item. That -.man In
Manzanillo haa been receiving monthly
remaining ones always had a longing
for human companionship. They would
wander into the villages and frequently
would let the children be lifted on
their backs for a ride. Any village
would gladly have taken care of one or
two of the old camels, but they made it
troublesome for the horses. For some
reason a horse dislikes the smell of a
camel and so after a few days, to the
intense grief of the children, the ani
mals had to be driven out on the
desert again. Should a prospector
without a horse happen to be camping
in a lonely spot and one of the camels
come along It would exhibit all the
signs of perfect friendliness. Unless
the man drove the camel away it would
remain around the camp for weeks. It
always foraged for its own food and
water, but simply yearned to be near
shipments of that same charcoal for
years. The thing is easy. You see my
neighbor across the street. He cables
his buyer in New York to ship a thou
sand tierces of lard. The buyer gets
the consignment on board ship and
mails to Havana a manifest calling for
one thousand barrels of potatoes. Here
the custom-house inspector allows the
importer's drays to haul away the sup
posed barrel of potatoes, a cargo, upon
which there has been this difference in
tariff prices: A tierce of lard weighs
five hundred pounds, and the duty is
5 cents a pound; a barrel of potatoes
weighs only one hundred and fifty
pounds, and the duty is only 2 cents a
pound. The duty on the cargo of lard
would have amounted to 525,000, but the
amount paid for the cargo of potatoes
was only $3000. a saving of $22,000. In
consideration of this saving the custom
house inspector, of course, receives his
reward."
Such is the way business has been
conducted in Havana for years. Rob
bery of the Government has been so
systematized that it has become a sci
ence. With a termination of this state
of affairs in sight, the extent of bribery
now is almost beyond belief. In a stay
of a week or so a man who keeps his
eyes open can see a score of cases to be
explained only on the hypothesis of
bribery of officials. The largest and
most valuable cargoes dwindle to al
most nothing under the skillful hand
ling of the importers and the officers of
the port. The approaching end of va
rious sinecures is causing the partici
pants in benefits accruing from the
present system to neglect no opportu
nity. It is a case of "steal quickly, ,rrab
everything in sight, for soon we will
have to cut and run." Meantime, port
duties have been trebled, obsolete rules
have been revived and new rules
created. Importers who do not or will
not stand in with the custom-house
Inspectors have been obliged to suspend
business. For instance, the port duties
on a ton of flour, valued at $70, amount
to $42 50. A case of a dozen cans of
beans valued at 80 cents is taxed $2 30.
These exorbitant duties have been
imposed with the object of excluding,
as far as possible, all shipments of food,
the ulterior motive being one of which
the world at large is ignorant, namely,
the disposal of quantities of provisions
in the hands of the military govern
ment. The statement that, during the
war, the Spaniards In Cuba had no
supplies was quite erroneous. As a
matter of fact, the Spanish military
government, foreseeing the war, made
some human being. Camels and dogs
are nearly always good friends.
Six years ago the original herd of
thirty camels had dwindled down to •
two as n^ar as could be judged from
the people whj lived in the country
where the animals made their home.
That year one of the pair died and the
other was left alone. He was very old
even then because *c was at least ten
years old when he worked on the Corn
stock. An old ex-showman who saw
him when he last visited Phoenix placed
his age at at least seventy years.
Since then the beast has wandered
about, stopping as long as he was al
lowed at every place he could. His
feeble condition no 3oubt prompted the
Indians at Yuma to kill and eat him.
And so disappeared the last camel of
the Comstock.
immense shipments of foodTco all parts
of the island, stocking every store, and
! consigning goods to all the importers
i and jobbers. And now, with the end of
its domination in sight, the Spanish
j military government has still on hand
i about 25,000 sacks of flour, 15,000 barrels
| of beans, 10.000 boxes of Xorwegian cod
j fish and 1000 cases of condensed milk.
These goods are offered at prices be-
I low cost, are sold, in fact, at any figure,
| with the idea of turning everything:
into cash before the time comes to give
lan accounting. At the same time the
; stock in the hands of private dealers is
. spoiling for want of purchasers at even
| reasonable prices. And the Govern
; ment, as long as it has a pound of food
left, will continue to undersell the deal
ers.
Thus the' expulsion of a rotten gov
ernment is being marked by an epoch
of shameful intrigue, of under-handed
dealing and of wholesale lying an^,
cheating. Individuals are following
the example set by the Government,
and many a merchant in Havana, hon
est till now, will never be honest again.
No one asks questions, and each sim
ply pockets the money that comes his
way.
The feeding of the reeoncentrados.
has been a source of gain to nearly all I
who handle the money contributed
for the purpose. During the blockade
and up to the present time enough
money has been contributed in Ha
vana alone to feed every one of the
city's 30,000 reeoncentrados three
square meals a day. For instance,
8 cents a day buys enough food
for each hungry one. It is sufficient to
give each a quart of soup and half
a pound of bread daily. The money
was contributed by private subscrip
tions gathered by the Government's
agents — enough money to spend $2400
daily in giving the 30,000 poor their
8 cents' worth of food. But instead
of a quart of soup and half a pound
of bread daily, the reeoncentrados re
ceived a quart of soup and half a
pound of bread weekly. In other words,
the 8 cents for ea.eh starving one was
expended once every seven days in
stead of every day. The balance,
which was a magnificent amount, was
put down as "expense." This matter
will probably never be investigated,
although there are reliable witnesses
in the city who will testify that one
merchant alone has made $75,000 as his
share of the profits of feeding the poor.
Officials, who were in poverty before
the war are now buying city real es
tate-
CILSON WILLBTS, ■■'.
2324
THE STOLEN BODY.
(Copyright, 189S, by 11. G. Wells.)
MR. BESSEL was the senior part
ner in the firm of Bessel, Hart
& Brown of St. Paul's church
yard, and for many years he was
wt 11 known among those inter
ested In psychical research as a
liberal minded and conscientious
Investigator. He was an unmarried man,
and Instead; of living in the suburbs after
the fashion of his class he occupied rooms
in the Albany! near Piccadilly. He was
particularly interested In the questions
of thought transference and of appari
tions of the living-, and in November,
he commenced a series of experi
- in conjunction with Mr. Vincent
pie Inn. in order to test the. al
possibility of projecting an appari
tion <>n on.-'s self by force of will across
an Intervening space.
The experiments were conducted in the
wing manner: At a prearranged
Mr. Bessel shut himself in one of
oms in the Albany, and Mr. Vin
c< nt in his sitting rooms in Staple Inn,
ich ol them fixed his mind as reso
- possible on the other. Mr. Bessel .
had acquired the art of self-hypnotism.
and bo far as he could he attempted first
to hypnotize himself and then to project
himself as a "phantom of the living" i
across the intervening space of nearly
two miles Into Mr. Vincent's apartments. .
Cm several evenings tnis was tried with
out any satisfactory results, but on the
fifth or sixth occasion Mr. Vincent did
actually Bee "or imagine he saw an appari- I
Ti"n of Mr. Bessel standing in his room.
H,- states that the appearance, although
brief, was very vivid and real. He noticed
s face was white and his
expression anxious, and moreover that
his hair was disordered. For a moment
Mr. Vincent, in spite of his state of ex
lon, was too surprised, to speak
or move, and (n that moment it seemed
to him as though the figure glanced
over his shoulder and incontinently van-
It had been arranged that an attempt
should be made to photograph any phan
tasm seen, but Mr. Vincent had not the
instant presence of mind to snap the
camera that lay. ready on the table bo
rn, and when he did so he was too
Greatly elated, however, even by
this partial success, he made a note of
the exact time and' at once took a cab to
th< Albany to inform Mr. Bessel of this
111- was surprised to find Mr. Be sel's
door standing open to the night,
and the inner apartments lit and vacant,
and in an extraordinay disorder. An
empty champagne magnum lay smashed
upon'the finer; its neck had been broken
off against the inkpot on the bureau and
lav beside it. An octagonal occasional |
table which carried a bronze statuette i
and a number of choice books had been
rnrtdiv overturned, and down the prim- I
AMERICANS IN WAR.
As Viewed
BY A GERMAN MILITARY EXPERT.
PBNERA'j YON BOGUSLAWS
KI, in the Berlin National Zei-
Utung, gives a series of critical
essays on the Spanish-American
war. This eminent military
critic on the whole thinks that the
American army did not cover itself
with glory, although it did quite as well
as could have been expected. At any
rate -the Americans proved themselves
a vigorous people, whose failures were
due to their military system rather
than to their character. His remarks
on the attitude of. the Spaniards are
more scathing. Not only did the Span
ish officers blunder in every particular,
but they exhibited a want of courage
•which reminded him of that pe.'od of
deep humiliation ever before the eyes
of a Prussian officer— the war of ISO 6.
"We summarize General Boguslawski's
remarks ap follows:
It is a healthy theory which led Mar
shal Blanco to mass 3000 .to 4000 men
near threatened points; but in practice
one is inclined to attempt too much.
Besides, it is very difficult to move
tmops in Cuba during the rainy season.
But whatever the cause, it is not easy
to see why so few troops were near
Santiago, for an attack was to be ex
pected there, if only because the in
surgents were there strongest in num
ber. The Americans could easily have
been held near Santiago, especially as
they were lacking in cavalry, although
the insurgents in some measure sup
pled this want.
It seems incomprehensible' why Ad
miral Camara did not go to Cuba,
where his squadron would have evened
up matters to some extent. His trip to
Port Said was absolutely a tactical
mistake. The destruction of Cervera's
ships does not prove that these vessels
were not fitted for their work.. Their
armor was lighter, their artillery in
ferior to that of the Americans. In
spite of these disadvantages it should
have been possible for the Spaniards to
ram the Americans, if the former had
been spirited enough. The spirit of a
Nelson must tell in the future as well
as in the past. Tegethoff, with his
wooden vessels, was probably in a
woree position at Lissa than was Cer
vera In his fight against the Amerl
IT WAS MR. BESSEL TRANSFIGURED.
rose paper of the wall inky fingers had
been drawn.
Then, full of a vague sense of calamity,
he sought the porter at the entrance to the
lodge. "Where Is Mr. Bessel?" he asked.
"Do you know that all the furniture is
broken in Mr. Bessel's room?" The por
ter said nothing, but obeying his gestures,
went at once to Mr. Bessels apartment
to see the state of affairs. "This settles
it," he said, surveying the lunatic confu
sion. "I didn't know of this. Mr. Bes
sel's gone off. He's mad!"
He then proceeded to tell Mr. Vincent
i that about half an hour previously, that
is to say, about the time of Mr. Bessel's
. apparition in Mr. Vincent's rooms, the
missing gentleman had rushed out of the
gates of the Albany into Vigo street,
hatless and with disordered hair, and
.had vanished in the direction of Bond
strict
"Dear me!" said Mr. Vincent. "Tut.
i tut, dear me!" He could think of nothing
else to say. : .' ;; ■ '
Mr. Bessel did not return, and at last
Mr Vincent, having done some more
helpless staring, and having addressed a
note of brief inquiry and left it in a con
spicuous position on the bureau, returned
in a very perplexed state of mind to his
own premises in Staple Inn.
For a space he lay awake and trem
bling in the darkness, possessed with that
■ vague unaccountable terror of unknown
possibilities that comes out of dreams i
upon even the bravest men. But at last
he roused himself, and turned over and ■
went to sleep again, only for the dream to \
return with enhanced vividness.
He awoke with such a strong conviction j
that Mr Bessel was in overwhelming dis
tress and need of help that sleep was no :
longer possible. He was persuaded that
his friend had rushed out to some dire i
calamity. For a time he 'lay reasoning
vainly against this belief, and at last he
gave way to it. He arose, against all rea- ,
son, lit the gas and dressed, and set out
through the deserted streets— deserted
save for a noiseless policeman or so and j
the early news carts, for it was nearly
I half-past 2 In the morning— toward Vigo
I street, to inquire if Mr. Bessel had re
1 turned.
cans. Yet he rammed and sank the
flagship of the Italians.
It cannot be said that the prepara- i
tions of the Americans during the first I
three months of the war deserve to be j
called excellent or that they achieved
brilliant results. But it would not be
just to blame them for their want of j
success, for war in Cuba is very differ
ent from war in a more healthy region
and they must have lost heavily
through fevers. Certain it is that they
would have been In a very disagreeable
position if Santiago had held out some
what longer.
Unless General Toral was out of am
munition and provisions and had been
ordered to surrender, his surrender is
not compatible with military honor and
a sense of duty; Reasons of humanity,
the desire to prevent bloodshed, etc.,
may not influence an able military
commander. Very often they are only
mentioned to conceal weakness and
want of decision, as unfortunately the
history of Prussia shows, when, in 1806,
a number of commandants surrendered
to Napoleon I. Not only military glory
but substantial advantages could have
been reaped if Santiago had followed
the example of Saragossa. The long
resistance of Kolberg, Kosel, Graud-nz
and Danzig was of great value to Prus
sia. ,
No doubt the Americans possess
courage. endurance and physical
strength in a large degree. Esprit de
corps, obedience and punctuality, all
, very necessary military attributes —
they cannot acquire in time of peace
with their present system; and with
out these they cannot well realize their
wish for expansion, however much
their national pride may have risen.
That the Spaniards have courage, en
durance and patriotism they have
shown often enouerh but their parlia
mentary institutions undoubtedly hurt
the army.
Spain has been advised to conclude
peace, and for the sake of trade and
industry peace is devoutly to be
wished. Yet it should not be forgotten
that posterity Judges a nation's right to
I exist solely by Its resistance in war,
and, even if the war is unlucky, by the
fortitude with which It is borne.
The Spaniards are not to be blamed
if they are unwilling to evacuate a
province in which they have 100.000
men who have not yet been beaten, and
even their Government is bound to
defend their warlike honor. Only a
people who are great in adversity need
not give up the hope of better times in
the future. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1898.
By H. G. WELLS
But he never got there. As he was g'>lng
down Long Acre some unaccountable im
pulse turned him aside out of that street
toward Covcnt Garden, which was Just
waking to its nocturnal acitivlties. He
saw the market In front of him, a queer
effect of glowing yellow lights and busy
black figures. He became aware of a
shouting and perceived a figure turn the
corner by the hotel and run swiftly t>>
ward him. He knew at once that it was
Mr. Basel. But it was Mr. Bessel trans
figured. He was batless and disheveled,
his collar was torn open, he grasped a
bone-handled walking cane by the ferule
end, and his mouth was pulled awry. He
ran with agile strides and very rapidly.
Their encounter was the affair of an in
stant. "Bessel!" cried Vincent.
The running man gave no sign of recog
nition, either of Mr. Vincent or of his own
name. Instead, he cut at his friend =u.v
agely with the stick, hitting him in the
face, within an inch of the eye. Mr. \ in
cent, stunned and astonished, staggered
back, lost his footing and fell heavily on
the pavement. It seemed to him that Mr.
Bessel leaped over him as he fell. When
he looked again Mr. Bessel had vanished
and a policeman and a number of garden
porters and salesmen were rushing past
toward Long Acre in hot pursuit.
With the assistance of several garden
porters— fi-r the whole street was speed
ily alive with running people— Mr. Vincent
struggled to his feet. He at once became !
the center of a crowd greedy to see his
injury. A multitude of voices competed
to reassure him of his safety, and then
to tell him of the behavior of the madman, |
as they regarded Mr. Bessel. He had sud
denly appeared in the middle of the mar- j
krt, screaming "Life! Life!" striking I
left and right with a blood-stained walk
ing stick, and dancing and shouting with
laughter at each successful blow. A lad i
and two women had broken heads, and he '.
had smashed a man's wrist, a little child ;
had been knocked insensible, and for a i
time he had driven every one before him,
so furious and resolute had his behavior i
been. Then he had made a raid upon a
coffee stall, hurled its parafflne flare |
through the window of the postofflce and i
fled laughing, after stunning the foremost I
of the two policemen who had the pluck
Special to the Sunday Call.
ITHOrCHT a good deal of Dexter,"
he said, "but I thought more of his
sire, Fuller George. I have owned
scores of good lively steppers, but
Fuller George was the best one of
them all. He was true as steel. His
temper was perfect. He was never in
bad condition. He was positively the
prettiest horse I ever saw. Best of all,
he was never beaten on the road.
"I shall never forget the day he out
trotted Small Hopes, driven on old
Harlem lane by Commodore Vander
bilt. Any old-timer will tell you that
Small Hopes was one of the crack step
pers of his day, his track record being
2:lBMi. My Fuller George had no track
record. None of my horses have been
track horses, since my only object in
owning fast horses has been that I
might, win pleasure and health by driv
ing them. But Fuller George was a
better footer than Small Hopes, as I
proved to the commodore one pleasant
June morning about twenty-five years
ago.
"A good many of the commodore's
friends had told him that Small Hopes
was all right, but he wasn't in the
same class as Fuller George. Vander
bilt pooh-poohed at that, of course.
But all the same, he understood full
well that his horse must beat mine or
be beaten sooner or later, and so he
was on the lookout for me.
"As I drove down the lane that
morning I saw the commodore sitting
up stiff and straight behind his pride
and joy, and I noticed that he had his
Bye on me and my horse. Small
Hopes had his eye peeled, too. High
bred horses know when their drivers
are getting ready to speed them as well
as the drivers do, and Small Hopes
was perfectly aware that he was about
to be tested. I was ready, of course,
and so was my horse. But, as I wished
to beat the commodore in my own way,
I let him drive up alongside me and
get almost a length ahead.
"When the hind wheels of his wagon
were about even with Fuller George's
head I stirred him up a little. Not by
yelling at him or by using the whip.
I just telegraphed along the reins by
a slight pressure of the left little fin
ger. My horse knew what that meant,
and from that on the commodore
could not increase the lead. The race
was fairly begun at One Hundred and
Forty-fifth street and it lasted till we
reached One Hundred and Twenty-fifth
— just a mile.
"The old Harlem clubhouae stood at
One Hundred and Thirty-third street,
and a short time before we arrived
there I telegraphed to Fuller George
to charge him.
It appeared to him indisputable that Mr.
Bessei must h;ive gone violently mad In
the midst of his experiment in thought
transference, but why that should make
him appear with a sad white face In Mr.
Vincent's dreams seemed a problem be
yond solution. He racked his brains In
vain to explain this. It seemed to him
at last that not simply Mr. Bessel but
the order of things must be insane.
About dawn his physical fatigue assert
ed itself and he went to bed and slept
at last in spite of his dreaming. Mr. Vin
cent's perplexities, to which the fever of
his bruise added fresh irritation, became
at last intolerable, and, after a fruitless
visit to the Albany, he went down to St.
Paul's churchyard, to Mr. Hart. Mr. Bes
sel'B partner, and, so far as Mr. Vincent
knew, his nearest friend.
He was surprised to learn that Mr.
Hart, although he knew nothing of the
outbreak, had also been disturbed by a
vision, the very vision that Mr. Vincent
had seen, Mr. Bessel, white and dis
heveled, pleading earnestly by his ges
tures for help. That was his impression
of the import of his signs. "I was just
going to look him up in the Albany when
you arrived," said Mr. Hart. "I was" so
sure of something being wrong with him."
As the outcome of their consultation
the two gentlemen decided to inquire at
Scotland Yard for newß of their missing
friend. "He is bound to be laid by the
heels," said Mr. Hart. "Ho can't go on at
that pace for long." But the police au
thorities had not laid Mr. Bessel by the
heels. They confirmed Mr. Vincent's
over-night experiences and added fresh
circumstances, some of an even graver
character than those he knew— a list of
smashed glass along the upper, half of
Tottenham Court road, an attack upon a
policeman In Hampstead road and atro
cious assaults upon a number of peaceful
citizens. AH those outrages were com
mitted between 12:30 and 1:45 in the morn
ing, and between those hours, and, indeed,
from the very moment of Mr. Vessel's
eush from his rooms at 9:30 in the
g, they could trace the deepening
?e of his fantastic career. For the
)ur at least, from before 1, that is,
1:45. he had run amuck through
n, eluding with amazing agility
effort to stop or capture him.
.Nothing of his subsequent doings came
to light in spite of the keenest Inquiry.
Here was a fresh astonishment for Mr.
Vincent. He had found considerable com
fort in Mr. Hart's conviction, "He is
bound to be laid by the heels before long,"
and in that assurance ho had been able
to suspend his mental perplexities.
It was only on the following day, Sun
day, that Mr. Vincent thought of the
remarkable stories of Mrs. Bullock, the
medium, who was then attracting atten
tion for the first time in London. He de
termined to consult her. She was stop
ping at the house of that well-known in
quirer, Dr. Wilson Paget, and Mr. Vin
cent, although he had never mot that
gentleman before, repaired to him forth
with with the intention of invoking her
help. But scarcely had he mentioned the
name of Bessel when Dr. Paget inter
rupted him. "Last night— just at the end,"
he said, "we had a communication."
He left the room and returned with a
Blate on which were certain words writ
ten In a handwriting shaky indeed, but
indisputably the handwriting of Mr.
•■How did you get this?" said Mr. Vin
cent. "Do you mean — ?"
"We got "it last night." said Dr. Paget.
With numerous interruptions from Mr.
Vincent he proceeded to explain how the
writing had been obtained. It appears
that in her seances Mrs. Bullock passes
into a condition of trance, her eyes roil
ing up in a strance way under her eye
lids and her body becoming rigid. She
then begins to talk very rapidly, usually
in voices other than her own. At the
same time both of her hands may be
come Hctlve, and if slates and pencils are
provided they will then write messages
simultaneously with and quite independ
ently of the flow of words from per
mouth. By many pne Is< considered an
even more remarkable medium than the
celebrated Mrs. Piper. It was one of
these messages, the one written with her
left hand, that Mr. Vincent now had be
fore him. It consisted of eight words
written disconnectedly. "George Bessel
trial excavn Baker st help
starvation." Curiously enough, neither
Dr. Paget nor the two other inquirers
who were present had hoard of the- dis
appearance of Mr. Bessel — the news of It
appeared only in the evening papers of
Saturday— and they had put the message
aside with many others of a vague and
enigmatical sort that Mrs. Bullock had
from time to time delivered.
When Dr. Paget heard Mr. Vincent's
story he gave himself at once with great
energy to the pursuit of this clew to the
discovery of Mr. Bessel. It would serve
no useful purpose here to describe the in
quiries of Mr. Vincent and himself; suffice
it that the clew was a genuine one and
that Mr. Bessel was actually discovered
by its aid.
He was found at the bottom of a de
tached shaft which had been sunk and
abandoned at the commencement of the
work for the new electric railway near
Baker-street station. His arm and leg and
two ribs were broken. The shaft is pro
tected by a boarding nearly twenty feet
high, arid over this, incredible as It
VANDERBILT, BONNER
And
OTHER FAMOUS OLD ROAD DRIVERS.
again. Then he began to gain, inch by
inch, inch by inch. Just in front of
the clubhouse we were going a 2:18
clip, and you could have covered both
horses with a blanket, as the reporters
say. Vanderbilt looked across at me.
I telegraphed Fuller George again and
he jogged by easily. Then the com
modore began to call on Small Hopes,
and the horse went right up in the air.
There was quite a crowd at the club
house and every man in It howled till
he was hoarse. The commodore was
so sore about it that he never cared to
mention the circumstance.
"Commodore Vanderbilt, though a
skilled reinsman, was the most reck
less driver on the road in the old Har
lem lane days, and his collisions with
other drivers were frequent.
"The narrowest escape of my life i
was when the commodore ran into me. |
I was driving a single horse. He was
driving Mountain Maid and Mountain
Boy. He was going up the lane and I
was coming down. I first saw him
whizzing along like a streak of greased
lightning two or three blocks away, his
horses swaying from side to side. As
near as I could tell he was due to be on
my side of the road about the time we
were to meet and I looked for trouble.
So did my horse, and it was hard work
to keep him from turning short about
and upsetting me right there. The
crash came in less time after that than
I can tell 3 r ou of it, but I did the best I
cc/uld by swinging my horse so that he
wouldn't be pierced by the pole of the
commodore's wagon. The way I fixi.-d
things my horse and Mountain Boy
came together so hard that it knocked
the breath out of both of them.
"Vanderbilt's rig was all smashed up
and I thought the cc-mmodore was
killed, sure. He went right down among
the horses, head first, with his feet in
the air, and yelling like a wild Indian.
The shook knocked him senseless. The
wagon was not damaged beyond the
springing of the front axletree and my
horse was injured so little that I was
able to drive him home. They carried
the cormnodore to the clubhouse near
by and brought him to. As soon as he
opened his eyes he asked for me.
" 'Oh, Fuller has driven home," they
told him.
"What did he say? Nothing. He
wasn't a man of many words at any
time, and he had some hard thinking
to do Just then. He never spoke about
the accident to me."
Mr. Fuller is almost the sole active
survivor of the famous drivers on the
seems, Mr. Bessel, a stout, middle-aged
gentleman, must have scrambled in oraer
to fall down the shaft. He was saturated
In colza oil, and the smashed tin lay be
side him, but luckily the flame had been
extinguished by his fall. And his mad
ness had passed from him altogether.
But he was, of course, terribly enfee
bled, and at the sight of his rescuers he
gave way to hysterical weeping.
In view of the deplorable state of his
flat he was taken to the house of vr.
Hatton in Upper Baker street. Here he
was subjected to a sensitive treatment,
and anything that might recall the violent
crisis through which he had passed was
carefully avoided. But on the second
day he volunteersd a statement.
Since that occasion Mr. Bessel has at
several times repeated this statement—
myself among other people— varying the
details as the narrator of real experi
ence always does, but never by any
chance contradicting himself in any par
ticular. And the statement he makes is
in substance as follows:
In order to understand it clearly It is
necessary to go back to his experiments
with Mr. Vincent before his remarkable
attack. Mr. Bessel' s first attempts at
self-projection, in his experiments
Mr. Vincent, were, as the reader will re
member, unsuccessful. But through all
of them he was concentrating _ all his
power and will upon getting out oltne
tody, "willing it with all my might he
sayi At last, almost against expectation.
wmt* success \nd Mr. Bessel asserts
that hi being alive, did actually by an
effort of will Teave hi's body and pass into
some place or state outside this worm
The release was, he asserts, instanta
id^^M^
but certainly not containing me, w ith the
hands relaxing and the head drooping for-
in his assurance of
that release, and he describes in a quite
matter-of-fact way the new .sensation he
experienced. He felt he had become im
palpable, so much he had expected, but
Se nad not expected to flnd himself enor
mnuslv large. So, however, it ou Vi
ESS. became. ''I was a great .cloud-it
I may express it that way-anchored to
my body. It appeared to meat lirat .as if
I had discovered a greater self, of : Men
the conscious being in my brain was only
a little part. I saw the Albany and ±-ie
a s&%rft«? *£££££
a balloon. Every now and then vague
Is I paid little heed to them, %$&
tonishes me still, is that I saw 0""?. ««"
tinctly the insides of the houses as well as
the streets, saw little people dining and
r'-lkinir in the private houses, men and
women dining , P playing billiards and
drinking in restaurants and hotels and
with people. It was like watching the
■ftS wU &?J£s& exact words as
I took them down when ' told -me the
story. Quite, forgetful of Mr. Vl ncent
h» remained for a. space observing these
things. Impelled by curiosity, he sa>s,
he stooped down and with the shadowy
arm he found himself possessed of at
tempted to touch a man walking along
Vlgo street. But he could not do .so, al
though his finger seemed to Pass through
the man. Something prevented his doing
this, but what it was he finds it hard to
describe. He compares the obstacle to a
8 felt^B S a kitten may feel." he said,
"when it goes for the first time to pat;
its reflection in a mirror. Again and
again on the occasion when I heard him
tell this story Mr. Bessel returned to that
comparison of the sheet of glass, let
It was not altogether a precise compari
son, because, as the reader will speedily
see there were interruptions of this gen
erally impermeable resistance, means of
getting through the barrier to the ma
terial world again. But naturally there is
a. very great difficulty in expressing these
unprecedented impressions in the lan
guage of everyday experience.
A thing that impressed him instantly,
and which weighed upon him through
out all this experience, was the stillness,
tre of everyday experience,
thing that impressed him instnntly,
■which weighed upon him through
all this experience, was the stillness,
of this place— he was in a world without
At first Mr. Bessel's mental state was
an ' unemotional wonder. His thought
chiefly concerned himself with where he
might be. He was out of the body
out of his material body, at any rate
but that was not all. He believes, and
I for one believe also, that he was some
where out of space, as we understand
It, altogether. I!y a strenuous effort of
will he had passed out of his body into
a world beyond this world, a world un
dreamt of. yet lying so close to it
and so of, yet situated with regard it
so strangely situated with regard to
U that all things on this earth are clear
ly visible both from without and from
within in this other world about us. or
a long time, as it seemed to him. this re.
alization occupied his mind to the exclu
sion of all other matters, and then he re
called the engagement with Mr. Vincent
to which this astonishing experience was
after all but a prelude. .
He turned his mind to locomotion In this
new body in which he found himself. For
a. time he was unable to shift himself
from his attachment to his earthly car
rnss For a time this new, strange, cloud
body of his Pimply swayed, contracted,
expanded, coiled and writhed with his ef
forts to free himself, and then quite sud
denly the link that bound him snapped.
For a moment everything was hidden by
what appeared to be whirling spheres, of
dark vapor and then through a mo
mentary gap he saw his drooping body
rollanse limply, saw his lifeless head drop
s dewavs and found he was driving along
like a "huge cloud in a strange place of
shadowy clouds that had the luminous in
tricacy of London spread like a model be
l0 But now he was aware that the fluctuat
ing vapor about him was something more
lane in its palmiest days. Rassell Sage
used to drive there a good deal then,
and so did the Harpers and Robert
Bonner. But the driving Harpers, like
Commode-re Vanderbilt, have long been
dead. Sage is still with us in the llesh,
but his present driving is tame in com
parison with that of the old times.
Bonner is alive, too, but he doesn t drive
much on Manhattan Island nowadays.
"Bonner was one of the best drivers
I ever knew." says Mr. Fuller, "and he
drove far pure pleasure. But a more
awkward driver never handled the rib
bons. That was because he didn't learn
to drive when he was young. He never
could hold his hands gracefully. All
the same, the most impressive sight 1
remember on the lane was Bonner driv
ing Peerless over Its whole length one
day with Henry Ward Beecher on the
seat beside him. Peerless was in mighty
fit. condition that day, and he got over
the ground in record-breaking time.
Bonner was clearly intoxicated with de
light as the splendid horse came down
the road at whirlwind speed. Beecher's
fare fairly glowed with excitement. His
eyes were like stars and his long gray
hair floated out in the breeze like the
pennant of a crack man-of-war going at
full speed In a gale of wind.
than vapor, and the temerarious excite
ment of his first essay was shot with tear^
For he perceived, at first indistinctly nnci
then suddenly very clearly, that he was
surrounded by faces; that each roll ami
coil of the seeming cloud stuff was a face.
And such faces! Faces of thin shadow,
faces of gaseous tenuity. Faces like those
faces that glare with intolerable strange
ness upon the sleeper in the evil hours 01
his dreams. Evil, greedy eyes that were
full of a covetous curiosity, faces wltn
knit brows and snarling, smiling lips;
their vague hands clutched at Mr. Bessel
as he passed and the rest of their bodies
were but a vague, elusive streak of trail
ing darkness. Never a word they said
never a sound from the mouths that
seemed to gibber. All about him they
pressed in that dreamy silence, passing
freely through the dim mistiness that was
his body, gathering ever more numerously
about him. And the shadowy Mr. Bessel.
now suddenly fear-stricken, drove mistily
through the silent, active multitude of
eves and clutching hands.
So inhuman were these faces, so ma
lignant their staring eyes, and shadowy
clawing gestures, that it did not occur to
Mr. Bessel to attempt intercourse with
these drifing creatures. Idiot phantoms,
they seemed, children of vain desire, be
ings unborn and forbidden the boon of
being, whose only expression and ges
tures told of the envy and craving for
life that was their one link with exist-
It says much for his resolution that
amid the swarming cloud of these i noise
less spirits of evil, he could still think of
Mr Vincent. He made a violent effort of
will and found himself, he knew not how
stooping toward Staple Tnn, saw Vincent
sitting attentive and alert m his arm
chair by the fire. - »«.««
And clustering also about him, as the}
clustered ever about all that lives and
breathes, was another multitude of these
vain voiceless shadows, longing, desiring,
seeking some loophole Into life
For a space Mr. Bessel sought Ineffect
ualv to attract his friend's attention. He
trie"d to get in front of his eyes, to move
the objects in his room, to touch him.
But Mr Vincent remained unmoved, ig
norant of the being that was so close to
his own. The strange something that
Mr. Bessel has compared to a sheet of
glass separated them impermeably.
And at last Mr. Bessel did a desperate
thing. I have told how that in some
strange way he could see not only the
outside of a man, as we see him, but
within. He extended his shadowy hand,
and thrust his vague black fingers, as it
seemed, through the heedless brain.
Then suddenly Mr. Vincent started like
a man who recalls his attention from
wandering thoughts, and it seemed to
Mr. Bessel that a little dark-red body,
situated in the middle of Mr. Vincent's
brain, swelled and glowed as he did so.
Since thnt experience he has been shown
anatomical figures of the brain, and he
knows now that this is that useless struc
ture, as doctors call it, the pineal eye.
For, strange as it will seem to many,
we have deep in our brains, where it can
not possibly see any earthly light, an
eye. At the tlm.- this, with the rest of the
internal anatomy of the brain, was
quite new to him. At the sight of its
changed appearance, however, he thrust
forth his linger, and, rather fearful still
of the consequences, touched thjs little
spot. And instantly Mr. Vincent Started,
and Mr. Bossel knew that he was seen.
And at that Instant it came to Mr. Bes
sel that evil had happened to his body,
and behold! a great wind blew through
all that world of shadows and tore him
away. So strong was this persuasion
that he thought no more of Mr. Vincent,
but turned about forthwith, and all the
countless faces drove back with him like
leaves beiore a gale. But he returned
too late. In an instant he saw the body
that he had left inert and collapsed—ly
ing indeed like the body of a man just
dead — had arisen, had arisen by virtue
of some strength and will beyond his own.
It stood with staring eyes, stretching its
limbs in dubious fashion.
For a moment he watched it In wild dis
may, and then he stooped toward it.
But the pane of glass had closed
against him again, and he was foiled.
He beat himself passionately against
this, and all about him the spirits of
evil grinned and pointed and mocked. He
gave way to furious anger. He com
pares himself to a bird that has fluttered
into a room and is beating at the win
dow pane that holds it back from free*
dora.
And behold! the little body that had
once been his was dancing- with delight.
He saw it shouting, though he coultl not
hear Its shouts, he saw the violence of its
movements grow. He watched it flln£
his cherished furniture about in the mad
delight of existence, rend his books apart,
smash bottles, drink heedlessly from the
Jagged fragment*, leap and smite, in a
passionate acceptance of living. He
watched these actions in paralyzed as
toishment. Then once more he hurled
himself against the impassable barrier.
and then, with all that crew of mocking
ghosts about him. hurried back in dire
confusion to Vincent to tell him of the
outrage that had come upon him.
But the brain of Vincent was near
closed against apparitions, and the dis
embodied Mr. Bessel pursued him in vain
as he hurried out into Holborn to call a
cab. Foiled and 'error-stricken, Mr.
Bessel swept back again to find his dese
crated body whnoping in a glorious frenzy
down the Burlington Arcade.
• • «
And now the attentive reader begins to
understand Mr. Bessel's interpretation of
the first part of this strange story. The
being whose frantic rush through Lon
don had inflicted so much injury and dis
aster had indeed been Mr. Bessel's body,
but it was not Mr. Bessel. It was an evil
spirit out of that strange world beyond
existence. Into which Mr. Brssel had so
rashly ventured. For twenty hours it
I held possession of him. and for all those
twenty hours the dispossessed spirit body
of Mr. Bessel was going to and fro in
that unheard of middle world of shado-ws
seeking help in vain.
"Beecher was writing for the Inde
pendent at that time and the next
week's issue had an article from his
pen defending the speeding of horses.
It was really a description of that drive
down the lane behind Peerless, and it
was such a beautiful piece of writing
that I cut it out and preserved it. Once
In a, while I hunt It up and read it over,
He spent many hours beating at the
minds of Mr! Vincent and his friend, Mr.
Hart Each, as we know, he roused by
his efforts. But the language that might
convey his situation to these helper
across the gulf he did not know hfe
ble lingers groped vainly and poWerlessly
in theif brains. Once, indeed a. we h.,v.
already told, ho was able to turn Mr.
Vincent aside from his path, so that ho
encountered the stolen body in its career.
but he could not make him understand
the thing that had happened, he was u;i
abh to draw any help from that en
counter • • * All through these hours
that i« the shadow of our world. Ever
the body they have won. For Mr. Bessel
was not the only human soul in that
niaee Witness the fact that he met tirst
had lost their bodies even it maj be as he
had lost his, and wandered despairing in
that lost world that is neither life nor
death They could not speak
that world is silent, yet he know them for
men. because of their dim human bodies
and because of the sadness of their faces
But how they had come into that world
he could not tell, nor where the bodies
they had lost might be, whether they
stlfl roved about the earth, or whether
they were closed forever in death against
r.turn. That they were the spirits of the
drad neither he nor I believe. But Dr.
Wilson Pasret thinks they are the ra
tional souls of men who are lost in mad
ness on the earth.
At last Mr. Bessel chanced upon a place
where a' little crowd of such disembodied
siient creatures was gathered, and thrust
ing through them he saw below a bright
ly lit room and four or five quiet gentle
men and a woman, a stoutish woman
dressed in black alpaca, and sitting awk
wardly in a chair with aer head thrown
back. He knew her fn.m her portraits
to be Mrs. Bullock, the medium. And he
perceived that tracts and structures In
her brain glowed and stirred as he had
seen the pineal eye in the brain of Mr.
Vincent glow. The light was very fitful;
sometimes it was a bruad illumination
and sometimes merely a faint twilight
.spot, and it shifted slowly about her
brain. She kept on talking and writing
with -me hand. And Mr. Bessel saw that
■the crowding shadows of men about him.
and a great multitude of the shadow
spirits of that shadowy land, were all
striving and thrusting to touch the light
ed regions of her brain. As one gamed
her brain or another was thrust away
her voice and the writing °' ne J • h ?" d
changed. Bo that what she said was dis
orderly and confused for the most part.
now a fragment of one soul's my
and now a fragment of another's, and
- ( -.v she babbled the insane fancies of the
spirits of vain desire. Then Mr Bessel
understood that she spoke for the spin*
that had touch of her. and he began to
struggle very furiously toward her. J.ut
n was on the outside of the crowd and
■it times he could not reach her, and at
last growing anxious he went away to
find what had happened meanwhile to
his body.
For a long time he went to and fro
Beeklng it in vain and fearing that it
must have been killed, and then he found
it at the bottom of the shaft in Bak- r
street writhing furiously and cursing
with pain. Its logs and an arm and tw o
ribs had been broken by Its fall. More
over the evil spirit was angry because his
time had been so short and because of the
pain-making violent movements and
returned with
redoubled earnestness to the room where
the seance was going on, and so soon as
he had thrust himself within sight of the
place he saw one of the men who stood
about the medium looking at his watch
as if he meant that the seance should
presently end. At that a great number
of the shadows who had been striving
turned away with gestures of despair.
But the thought that the seance was al
most over only made Mr. Bessel the more
earnest and he struggled so stoutly with
his will against the others that preseiitly
he gained the. woman's brain. It chanced
that just at that moment it glowed vary
brightly and in that instant she wrote the
message that Dr. Wilson Paget preserve 1
■\nd then the other shadows and the clou i
of evrl spirits about him had thrust Mr.
Bipscl away frona her and for all the rest
of the seance, he could regain her no
So he went back and watched through
the long hours at the bottom of the shaft,
where the evil spirit lay In the
body it had maimed, writhing and cursing
and" weeping and groaning and learning
the lesson of pain. And toward dawn the
thing he had waited for happened, his
brain glowed brightly and the evil spirit
came out, and Mr. Bessel entered the
body he had feared he should nev< I
again, .is he did so the alienee, the
I ing silence, ended, he heard the tumult
i of traffic and the voices of people over
j head, and that strange world that is the
1 shadow of • our world, the dark, silent
■ shadows of desire and the shadows of lost
men vanished clf-an away.
He lay there for the space of about
' three hours before he was found. And In
spin* of the pain and suffering- of his
wounds and Of the dim, damp place in
which he lay, in spite of the tears wrung
j from him by his p+iyeieal distress, his
heart was full of gladness to know that
he was back once more 4n the kindly
world of men.
Lawson W. Fuller, the Veteran Rein smart
From a Photograph by Taber.
and when I do I see a mental picture
in which Peerless and Bonner and
Beecher are the central figures."
lfrv Fuller has been driving over the
roads of Manhattan Island for more
than forty-five years and computes
that in that time he has driven 475,000
miles. In the forty-five years he has
suffered six runaways, not counting
! such incidents as his collision with
; Commodore Vanderbilt. The best way
ito stop a runaway team, Mr. Fuller
I says, is to throw the horses.
"I learned that trii k," he explained,
"when a boy. I was champion wrestler
in the county of Franklin, Vt., where I
I hail from.(Copyright IS9S by S. S. McClure & Co.)
IT must have been within a month
of my landing in Yamba's country,
in Cambridge Gulf, that I witnessed
my first cannibal feast. One of the
fighting men had died in our camp,
and after the usual observations had
been taken it was decided that he had
been pointed at and his death brought
about by a member of another tribe liv
ing some distance away. An expedition
of some hundreds of warriors was at once
fitted out, and the enemy was apparently
only too ready for the fray, because the
two armies promptly met in an open
plain, and then I had an opportunity of
witnessing the extraordinary method by
which the Australian blacks wage war.
One of the most redoubtable of our
chiefs stepped forward and explained the
reason for their visit, in comparatively
calm tones. An opposing chief replied to
him. and gradually a heated altercation
arose, the abuse rising on a crescendo
scale for ten or fifteen minutes. These
two then retired, and another couple of
champion abusers stepped forward to
••discuss"' the matter. This kind of thing
went on for a considerable time, the
aou.se being of the most appalling de
scription, and directed mainly against the'
organs of the enemy's body (heart, liver,
etc.), his ancestors, "his ox, his ass, and
everything that was his." At length,
when every conceivable thing had been
said that it was possible to say, the war
riors drew near, and at last some one
threw a spear. This, of course, was the
signal for real action, and in a few min
utes the engagement became general.
There was no strategy or tactics of any
kind, every man fighting- single-handed.
Bat to return to the battle I was de
scribing. After a very few minutes' tight
ins the enemy were utterly routed, and
promptly turned tail and fied from the
scene of the encounter, leaving behind
them— all the uproar and the flood
of vilification— only three of their war
riors, and these not dead, but only more
or less badly wounded. Quarter being
neither given nor expected in these bat
tles, the three prostrate blacks we.re
promptly dispatched by the leader of my
tribe, the coup de grace being given with
a waddy, or knobbed stick. The three
bodies were then placed on litters made
out of spears and grass, and were in due
time carried into our own camp.
A COMING HORROR.
There were so many signs to presage
what was coming that I knew a canni
bal feast was about to take place; but
for obvious reasons 1 did not protest
against it, nor did I take any notice
whatever. The women (who do all the
real work) feil on their kn>-cs. and with
their ting' '. ■ ■ : three iong trenches
in the sand, each about seven feet long
and three feet deep. Into each of these
ovens was placed one of the bodies of
the fallen warriors, and tht.-n the trench
lied up— first with Bt< ion with
sand. On top of all a huge fire was
built and maintained with great fierce
ness for about two hours. There was
gr>at rejoicing; during this period, and ap
parently much pleasurable anticipation
among the triumphant blacks. In due
time the signal was given and the ovens
laid open once more. . . . But, perhaps,
the less said about this horrible spectacle
the better. With a yell several warriors
leaped into each trench and stuck Bpeara
through the big "joint." And the mo
ment the roasted carcasses were taken
out of the trenches the whole tribe lit
erally fell upon them and tore them limb
from limb. I saw mothers with a leg or
an arm surrounded by plaintive children,
who were crying for their portion of the
toothsome dainty.
THE FIRST CANNIBAL FEAST.
Others, who were considered . to have
taken more than their share, were like
wise fallen upon and their "joint" sub
divided and hacked to pieces with knives
made from shells.
A more appalling, more ghastly or more
truly sickening spectacle it is impossible
for the mind of man to conceive. A
great corroboree was held after the feast,
but I crept to my own humpy and tried
to shut out from my mind the shocking
inferno 1 had Just been compelled to wit
ness.
I now come to an event of very great
Importance in my life. Elsewhere. l have
spoken of my penchant for dugong hunt-
Ing. ell, one day* this sport effectually
put an end to all my prospects of reach
ing civilization across jthe sea. I went
forth one morning, accompanied by my
ever faithful Yamba and the usual ad
miring crowd of blacks. In a few min
utes we two were speeding over the sun
lit waters, my only weapon being the
steel harpoon I had brought with me
from the island, and about forty or fifty
feet of manila rope. When we were
some* miles from land I noticed a dark
looking object on the surface of the
water a little way ahead. Feeling cer
tain it was a dugong feeding on the well
known grass, I rose and hurled my har
poon at it with all the force I could mus
ter. Next moment, to my -amazement
the head of a calf whale was thrust
agonizingly into the air, and not until
then did I realize' what manner of crea
ture it was I had struck. This baby
whale was about fifteen feet long and it
•'sounded" immediately on receiving my
harpoon. As I had enough rope, or what
I considered enough, I did not cut him
adrift. He cam up again presently,
lashing the water with his tail, and cre
ated a tremendous uproar, considering his
size. He then darted off madly, dash-
Ing through the water like an arrow and
dragging our boat at such a tremendous
pace as almost to swamp us in the foam-
Ing wash.
Up to th time I had no thought of dan
ger but just as the baby whale halted I
fooked around and saw to my horror that"
his colossal mother had Joked her off
spring and was swimming round and
round it like ligntning, apparently areatlv
disturbed by Its 'Before , I
could even cut the line or attempt to tret
out of the way the enorrnou™
caught sight of our little craft and bore
aown upon it like a fair-sized island rush
ing through the sea. I shouted to Yamba
and we both threw ourselves over the side
into the now raging waters and com
menced to swim away with long strokes
In order to get a* far as possible from the
boat before the catastrophe came, which
we knew was at hand. We had not got
many yards before I hoard a terrific
crash, and looking back I saw the enor
mous tail of the great whale towering
high out of the water, and my precious
boat descending in fragments upon it
from a height of from fifteen feet to
twenty feet above the agitated waters.
Oddly enough the r'ure part of the boat
remained fixed to the rope of tue harpoon
in the calf. My first thought, even at so
terrible a moment and in so serious a sit
uation, was one of bitter regret for the
loss of what I considered the only means
of reaching- civilization. Lake a flash it
came back to me how many weary
months of toil and hope and expectancy
I had spent over that darling craft; and I
remembered, too, the delirious joy of
launching it. These thoughts passed
through my mind in a few seconds'.
A TEN-MILE SWIM.
At this time we had a swim of some ten
milc-s before us, and yet in the far dis
tance 1 could not only see land distinctly
but also the crowd of. blacks, who were
now putting out in their catamarans to
help us.
Before long a large catamaran with one
of the chiefs on board came up with us,
but although deeply grateful for Yamba's
and my own safety. I was still greatly
dlstressed at the loss of my boat.
My harpoon had evidently inflicted a
mortal wound on the whale baby, be
cause as we looked wo saw it lying ex
hausted on the surface of the water, and
being gradually swept nearer and nearer
the shore by the swift flowing tide. The
mother refused to leave the little calf.
however, and still continued to wheel
round it continuously, even whon her off
spring had reached dangerously shallow
The result was that when the tide
turned both the mother and her calf were
left stranded high and dry on the beach,
to the unbounded delight and amazement
of the natives, who swarmed round the
leviathans and set up such a terrific up
roar that I verily believe they frightened
the mother to death. Furious smoke sig
nals were at once sent up to summon all
the tribes in the surrounding country—
enemies as well as friends.
To cut a long story short, the natives
fully believed that I had killed single
handed and brought ashore both whales.
And in the corroborees tnat ensued the
poets almost went delirious In trying to
find suitable eulogiums to bestow upon
the mighty white hunter.
Never can I forget the scene that fol
lower!. when the blacks from the sur
rounding country had responded to the
smoke signals announcing the oapture of
the "great fish." From hundred? of miles
south came the natives, literally in their |
thousands — every man provided with his ;
ptone tomahawk and whole armory of
shell knives. They simply swarmed over
the carcass like vermin, and I saw many
of them staggering away under solid
lumps of fleph weighing between thirty
and forty pounds.
For about a fortnight this cutting up
and gorging went on. The spectacle wit
nessed on the beach would have been in
tensely comical were it not so revolt
ing. Many of the men and women had
gorged themselves to such an extent as
to be absolutely unable to walk, and they
rolled about on the sand, tearing at the
ground in agony. It may amuse you to
know that smoke signals were at once
sent up for all the doctors in the coun
try, and these ministering angels could
presently be seen with their massage
shells rubbing the distended stomachs of
the sufferers as th^y lay on the beach. I
saw some men fairly howling with agony,
but still devouring- enormous quantities
of oil and blubber.
The orgy, however, had its uses from
my point of view, because t took advan
tage of the arrival of so many strange
tribes to make myself acquainted with
their chiefs, their languages and their
manners and customs, in the hope that
these tribes might be useful to me some
day when I commenced my Journey over
land to civilization. For, of course, all
hope of escape by spr had now to be
abandoned, since my boat was destroyed.
So far I had won laurels enough with
my mysterious arrows or "flying
epears," as the natives considered them,
and my prowess with the harpoon and
tomahawk whs sung In many tribes.
And not the least awkward thing about
my position was that I dared not even
attempt a little quiet practice in spear
throwing for fear the blacks should
come upon me suddenly, when I would
most certainly lose caste.
The months passed slowly away, and
I was still living the same monotonous
life among my blacks— accompanying
them upon their hunting expeditions,
joining in thPir snorts and making peri
odical trips inland with Yamba, in prep
aration for the great Journey I proposed
to make overland to Cape York. When I
spoke to my devoted companion about
mv plans she told me she was ready to
accompany me wherever : went— to'
leave her people and be forever by my
aide Right well I knew that she would
unhesitatingly do these things. Her
doer-like fidelity to me never wavered, and
I know she would have laid down her life
for me at any time.
DOG-LIKE FIDELITY.
Often I told her of my own home be
yond the seas, and when I asked her
whether she would come with me she
would reply: "Your people are my peo
ple, and your friends my friends. I will
go with you wherevor you will take m«. i
TSI SA5* fHAKdlgeO OALL, 3 OSfß ay, Oof sleb 00, IS9B.
IN AUSTRALIA.
MDE ROUGEMONT has returned to Europe
after more than thirty years spent among
1 the cannibal blacks of Australia, So astound
ing were some of his experiences that it would be
almost impossible to believe them if his story had
not been investigated and corroborated by famous
geographical experts— Dr. Scott Keltic, secretary of
the Royal Geographical Society, and Dr. Hugh
Robert Mill, librarian of the Royal Geographical
Society, and scientists of equal note in other fields,
whose opinions are those of experts.
The account of Louis de Rougemont is without
doubt the most thrilling true story ever offered for
newspaper publication. His actual experiences sur
pass even the imaginative adventures of "Robinson
Crusoe" or "The Swiss Family Robinson."
De Rougemont'B story is that In 1863 he joined a
pearling expedition to the Guinea coast where a
large fortune in pearls was coon amassed. One day
At length everything was ready, and
I paid a final farewell, as I thought, to
my black friends in Cambridge Gulf.
They knew I was venturing on a lung
journey overland to another part of the
country many miles distant, In the hope
of being able to get into touch once mute
with my own people, and though
they realized they should never see me
again, they thought my departure a
very natural thing. We had a very af
fectionate leave-taking, and a body of
the natives escorted us for the first 100
miles or so of our trip. At last, how
ever. Yamba, myself and the faithful
dog were left to continue our wande,rings
alone. The reliance I placed upon
this woman, by the way, was absolute
and unquestioning. I knew that alone
I could not live a day in the awful wil
derness through which we were to pass,
nor co-uld any solitary white man. By
this time, however, I had had innumer
able demonstrations of Yamba's almost
miraculous powers In the way of provid
ing food and water when, to the ordin
ary eye, neither were forthcoming.
I ought to mention that before leaving
my black people I had provided myself
wfth what I may term a native pass
port — a kind of Masonic mystic stick,
inscribed with certain cabalistic char
acters. Every chief carried one of these
sticks stuck through his nose; I, how
ever, invariably carried the passport In
my long, luxuriant hair, which I wore
"bun" fashion, held in a net of opossum
hair. This passport stick proved invalua
ble as a means of putting me on good
terms with the different tribes we encoun
tered. The chiefs of the blacks never ven
tured out of their own country without
one of these mysterious sticks, and I am
sure I should not have been able to travel
far without mine.
Whenever I encountered a strange
tribe along the line of march I always
asked to be taken before the chief, and
when in his presence I presented my
little stick. He would at once manifest
the greatest friendliness, and would offer
us food and drink. ' Then, before I took
my departure he also would inscribe his
sign upon it, handing it back to me, and
probably sending me on to another tribe
with an escort. It often happened, how
ever, that I was personally Introduced to
another tribe whose "frontier" joined that
of my late hosts, and in such cases my
passport was unnecessary.
At first the country through which our
•wanderings led us was hilly and well
wooded, the trees being particularly
fine, many of them towering to a height
of 150 or 200 feet. Our principal food con
sisted of roots, rats, snakes, opossum and
kangaroo.
Gradually we left the hilly country' be
hind us and at length got into an extra
ordinary desert of red sand, which gave
off a dust from our very tracks that near
ly suffocated us. Each water hole we
came across now began to contain less
and less of the precious liquid, and our
daily menu grew more and more scanty,
until at length we were compelled to live
on practically nothing but a few roots
and stray rats. Still we plodded on and
on, finally striking a terrible spinifex
country, which was Inconceivably worse
than anything we had hitherto encoun
tered. Not only was water all but unob
tainable here, but our skin was torn with
thorns at almost every step. Yamba was
terribly troubled when she found she
could no longer provide for my wants.
Fortunately the dew fell heavily at night
and a sufficient quantity would collect on
the foliage, and more particlarly on the
steel blade of my tomahawk, to refresh
me somewhat In the morning. How eager
ly would I Hck the precious drops from
the shining blade of that American ax!
Curiously enough. Yamba herself up
to this time did not seem distressed from
lack of water; but nothing about this
marvelouß woman surprised me.
By this time I began to feel delirious,
and I fear I was like a baby in Yamba's
hands. She knew that all 1 wanted was
water and she became almost distracted
when 'she could not find any for me. Of
herself she never thought. And yet she
was full of strange resources and devices.
When I screamed aloud in an agony of
thirst, she would five me some Jtind of
irrass to chew, and although this pos
sessed no real moisture, yet it promoted
the flow of saliva, and thus materially
benefited me. ,
Things grew worse and worse however,
and the delirium increased. Hour after
hour through the endless nights would
that devoted creature Bit by my side,
mnistenina: my lips with the dew that col
l^cted on fhe^grass and on the blade of my
tomahawk On the fifth day without
water I suffered the most Shocking agon
ies and in my lucid moments I gave my
self up for lost. I could not stand or
walk, nor could I speak or swallow My
throat seemed to be almost closed up,
and when I opened my eyes everything
seemed to be going round and round in
the most dizzy and sickening manner.
Mv heart beat with choking violence,
arid my head ached so that I thought I
was going mad.
A GHASTLY DRINK.
Gradually I grew weaker and weaker,
and at last, feeling the end was near, I
crawled under a tree and prepared to
meet the death I was now fervently pray
ing for. Had Yamba given up these lines
would never have been written. Amaz
ing to relate. sh« kept xnarvelously well
when De Rougemont was aboard ship alone with
his dog (the oth ers being out after pearls) a storm
swept the schooner to sea. He was finally cast on a
tiny sand-spit, where he lived for two and a half
years entirely alone. At the end of that time a
small party of blacks from the Australian coast
was blown upon the sandbar. After waiting months
for a favorable wind De Rougemont returned with
them to the Australian mainland, where his appear
ance excited the greatest wonder among the natives,
who had never before seen a white man.
After several unsuccessful efforts to regain civili
zation M. de Rougemont finally took up his resi
dence with one of the tribes, married a native wife
and eventually became ruler over a considerable
portion of the country.
During his long residence among the cannibal
blacks M. de Rougemont of course could not fail to
become acquainted with their customs and modes
of life. He participated in their battles and ob
served the practice of cannibalism in all Its hor
rible details.
> and active, though without water; and in
!mv most violent paroxysm she wou.d
pounce upon a lizard or a rat, and give me
its warm bLood to drink while yet It
lived. She must have s< en that 1 was
slowly staking, for at last she stooped
down and whispered earnestly in my ear
that she would leave me for a little while
land go off in search of water. I.IKO a
! dream it cornea back to me how she ex
! plained that Bhe had seen some birds
passing overhead, and that if she followed
in the same direction she was almost cer
tain to come up with water sooner or
V could not speak, I could not answer,
1 but I felt it was a truly hopeless•enter
prise on her part, and as I did not want
| her to leave me, I remember I held out
mv tomahawk IV toward her and
1 signed to her to come and strike me on
the head with it. and put an end torn)
' indescribable agonies. The heroic creature
smiled sadly and shook her head, em-
I phatieally. She took the proffered
j weapon, however, and after putting some
distinguishing marks on my tree with it,
i she hurled it some distance away from
! me. She then stooped tind propped me
against the trunk of the tree, and leaving
! my poor, suffering dog to keep me com
pany, she set out on her lonely search
with long, loping strides of amazing vigor.
It was late in the afternoon when she
took her departure, and I lay there hour
after hour, sometimes frantically deliri
ous, and at others in a state of semi-con
sciousness, fancying she was by my side,
with shells brimming over with the pre
cious fluid. I would rouse myself with
a start from time to time, but, alas;
Yamba was not near me. During the long
and deathly stillness of the night the dew
come down heavily, and as it enveloped
my bed I fell into a sound sleep, from
which I was awakened some hours later
by the same clear and ringing voice that
had addressed me on that still night on
my Island sandspit. Out upon the impres
sive stillness of the air rang the earnest
words. "Coupe l'arbre! Coupe l'arbre!"
I was quite conscious and much re
freshed by my sleep, but the message puz
zled me a great deal. At first I thought
it must have been Yaraba's voice, but I
remembered that she did not know a word
of French, and as I looked around there
was no one to be seen. The mysterious
message still rang in my ears, but I was
far too weak to attempt to cut the tree
myself, so I lay there in a sort of inert
drowsiness, until, rousing myself. I heard
the familiar footsteps of Yamba approach
ing the spot where I lay. Her face ex
pressed anxiety, earnestness and joy.
MY MINISTERING ANGEL.
In her trembling hands she bore a big
leaf containing two or throe ounces of
life-giving water. This I drank with gafep
lng eagerness, as you may suppose. My
delirium had now entirely left me. al
though I was still unable to speak. I
signed to her to cut the tree, as the voice
in my dream had directed me. Without
a word of question Yamba picked up the
tomahawk from where she had hurled
it and then cut vigorously into the tree,
making a hole three or four inches deep.
It may seem astonishing to you. but it
surprised me in no wise, when ovit from
the hole there trickled a clear uncertain
stream of water, under which Yamba
promptly held my fevered head. This had
a wonderfully refreshing effect upon me,
and in a short time I was able to speak
feebly but rationally, greatly to the de
light of my faithful companion. As, how
ever, I was still too wenk to move, I In
dulged in another and far sounder sleep.
All through that terrible night while
Yamba was far away searching for
water, Bruno had never left my side,
looking into my face wistfully, and occa
sionally licking my body sympathetically
with his poor, parched tongue.
While I was asleep the second time
Yamba had gone off with the dog in
search of food, and had returned with
an opossum, which was Poon frizzling
In an appetizing way on a tripod of
sticks over a blazing fire. I was able to
eat a little of the flesh, and we obtained
all the water we wanted from our won
derful tree. I have since learned that
my life was saved by the well-known Aus
tralian "bottle-tree," so called from the
shape of the trunk.
I was often amazed at the marvelous
way in which Yamba would track game
She would glance at a tree casually
and discern on the bark certain minute
scratches, which were quite invisible to
me even when pointed out. She wouid
then climb up like a monkey, and would
return to the earth with a good-sized
opossum, which would be roaeted in its
skin and accompanied with" many different
varieties of delicious roots. When I had
recovered, Yamba told me she had walked
many miles during the night, and had
finally discovered a full waterhole in a
now country, for which she said we must
make as soon as I was sufficiently strong.
Fortunately, this did not take very long
and on reaching the brink of the "water
hole we camped beside it for several days,
in order to recuperate. I must say that
the liquid we found here did not look very
inviting— it was, in fact, very slimy and
green In color; but by the time we took
our departure there was not a drop left.
Yamba had a method of filtration which
excited my admiration. She dug another
hole alongside the one containing the
water, leaving a few inches of earth be
tween them, and then forced a stick
through the partition. When we wished
to drink, this stick was withdrawn. A
stream of comparatively clear water then
spirted through the opening. She would
also filter the water by letting it drain
from the waterhole into another hole duf
at the side.
At other times, when no ordinary human
being could detect the presence of water,
she would point out to me a little knob
of clay on the ground. This, she told me,
denoted the presence of a frog, and she
would at once thrust down a reed about
eighteen Inches long and invite me to suck
the upper end, with the result that I im
bibed copious draughts of delicious cold
water. • <
As Told by Himself.
One day I saw a number of small
snakes swarming- around the foot of a
tree, and was just about to knock some
pf them over with my stick when Yam
na called out to me excitedly not to mo
lest them.
They then began to climb the tree,
and she explained to me that this clear
ly Indicate/! the advent of the wet sea
son. "1 did not wish you to kill the
snakes," she said, "because I wanted to
see if they would take refuge in the
trees from the coming floods."
Up to this time, however, there had not
been the slightest Indication of any great
changf in the weather. Many months
must have elapsed since rain had last
fallen in these regions, for the river was
extremely low between Its extraordi
narily high banks,* and the country all
around was dry and parched; but even
as we worked a remarkable phenomenon
occurred which told of impending
changes. I was oppressed with a sense
of coming evil. I listened intently when
Yamba drew my attention, but at first
all I could hear was a curious rumbling
sound, far away in the distance. This
noise gradually increased in volume,
and came nearer and nearer, but still I
was utterly tumble to acount for It. I
also noticed Tnat the river was becom
ing strangely agitated, and was ■ swirl-
Ing along at ever increasing s-peed. Sud
denly an immense mass of water came
rushing down with a frightful roar, in
one solid wave, and then it dawned
upon me that It must have already com
menced raining among the hills, and that
the tributaries of the river were now
sending down their floods into the main
stream, which was rising with astonish
ing rapidity. In the course of a couple
of hours it had risen between thirty and
forty feet. Yamba seemed a little anx
ious, and she approached me with a sug
gestion that we had better build a hut
on some high ground and remain secure
in that locality without attempting to
continue our march while the rains last
ed, and It was evident that they were
now upon us.
We therefore set to work to construct
a comfortable little shelter of bark,
fastened to a framework of- poles by
means of creepers and climbing plants.
Thus, by the time the deluge was fairly
upon us, we were snugly ensconced In
our little hut. We did not, however, re
main Indoors throughout the whole of the
day, but went in and out, hunting for
food and catching game just as usual, the
torrential rain which beat down upon our
naked bodies being rather pleasant than
otherwise. We also collected a stock of
provisions to take wtih us— kangaroo and
opossum, of course; but principally wild
honey, cabbage palm and roots or vari
ous Kinds. These preparations occupied
us for several days, and by the time we
had arranged everything for our journey
the weather had become settled once
more. Yamba remarked to me that If we
simply drifted down the Roper Biver we
'should be carried to the open sea, nor
would the time necessary be very long,
since the swollen current was now run
ning like a mill race. Our catamaran, of
course, afforded no shelter of any kind,
but we carried some sheets of bark to
form seats for ourselves and the dog.
At length we pushed on on our event
ful voyage, and no sooner had we got
fairly into the current tnan we were car
ried'along wtlh prodigious rapidity, and
without the least exertion on our part,
except in the matter of steering, which
was conducted by means of paddles from
the Bide of the craft. We made such
rapid progress that I felt inclined to go
on all night, but shortly after dusk
Yamba persuaded me to pull inshore and
camp on the bank until morning.
We passed any number of submerged
trees, and on several of these we found
snakes coiled among the branches. Some
of these reptiles we caught and ate.
About the middle of the second day we
heard a tremendous roar ahead, as though
there were rapids in the bed of the river.
It was now Impossible to pull the cata
maran out of its course, no matter how
hard we might have striven, the current
being absolutely irresistible. The banks
narrowed as the rapids were reached,
with the result that the water in the
middle actually became convex, so tre
mendous was the rush in that narrow
passage. Yamba cried out to me to lie
flat on the catamaran and hold on as
tightly as I could until we reached
smooth water apaln. This she did her
self, seizing hold of the dog also.
Nearer and nearer we were swept to
the great seething caldron of boiling
and foaming waters; and at last, with a
tremendous splash, we entered the ter
rifying commotion. We went right un
der, and so great was the force of the
water that had I not been clinging te
naciously to the catamaran I must in
fallibly have Seen swept away to certain
death. Presently, however, we shot into
less troubled waters and then continued
our course, very little the worse for
having braved these terrible rapids.
Again we camped on s^hore that night,
and were off at an early hour next morn-
The last time we landed Tamba had
stocked an additional quantity of edible
roots and smoked meats, and although
we lost a considerable portion of these In
shooting the rapids, there still remained
enough for a few days' supply.
In consequence of the ever-Increasing
width of the river. I found it a difficult
matter to keep in the channel where the
current was, so I gave up the steering
paddle to Yamba, who seemed instinc
tively to know what course to take.
Some distance from the mouth of the
river De Rougt-munt and his wife landed
on a large island inhabited by a number
of natives, who gave him a dug-out canoe
to take the place of his raft. Thence he
proceeded along the coast in the direc
tion in which he believed Cape York to
lie.
At length they fell in with a mall vessel
carrying a Malay beche de mer expedi
tion. Thf fishermen received them hos
pitably and offered to carry them back to
Kopang in the Dutch Islands. At this
point, however, De Rougemont's black
wife fefused to accompany the party
through fear of the Malays, and rather
than desert her De Rougemont gave up
this opportunity of rescue. This was
about the year 1868.
Captain Davis, the commander of the
Malay vessel, informed De Rougemont
that he would be likely to find white men
at Port Darwin, between 300 and 400 miles
away. De Rougemont accordingly set out
in his canoe to reach Port Darwin. After
traveling forward for two weeks, and
when he believed that he must be close
to Port Darwin, a terrific storm arose
which swept the canoe out of sight of
land and nearly cost the lives of its oc
cupants. In the course of the storm they
were evidently swept past Port Darwin,
for after sailing on for many days more
they came in sight of familiar land and
found' themselves once more on the shores
of Cambridge Gulf, the identical point
from' which they had started.
The natives welcomed them back with
every sign of delight, and De Rouge
mont was careful not to explain to them
that his return was involuntary. For a
long time after this bitter disappointment
he remained among his Cambridge Gulf
friends, always keeping a sharp lookout
for visiting ships and making several
short exploring expeditions along the
coast, but not attempting another trip
across the continent.
Some months afterward De Rougemont
determined to make another strike for
civilization and set off due south, not
knowing that this direction would take
him directly into the unexplored heart of
the continent. On this trip many won
ders were encountered, including a rain
storm Which brought down live fish, a
countless horde of rats, which devastated
all the country it passed over, and a cave
full of immense snakes. There were also
many narrow escapes from death at the
hand's of hostile natives.
On one occasion, believing that a native
chief meditated treachery, De Rouge
mont and his wife left the camp which
they had constructed and slept in the
bush. In the morning they found a num
ber of spears sticking through the bark
sides of the camp in the place where
they would have slept ordinarily.
Month after month the journey was
continued in a southerly direction. It was
impossible to travel due south, but they
followed a zigzag course from water hole
to water hole after the manner of the na-
When he was some seven months out
and while traveling in company with a
small party' of blacks De Rougemont
came suddenly upon four white men. At
this time he was naked like the savages,
and so tanned and brfcwned by exposure
to the weather that in appearance he was
much like them. Forgetting this, in his
excitement, however, lie rushed toward
the white men, who promptly fired upon
his party and then retreated. For this
affair De Rougemont assumes the entire
blame, saying that he would doubtless
have done the same thing under like cir-
Two or three weeks after this encounter
De Rougemont and his wife came across
another white man, who had lost his rea
son and was wandering aimlessly about in
the desert. This man lived with them for
some two years, recovering his mind fin
ally just before his death, sufficiently to
inform De Rougemont that his name waa
Gibson and that he had been a member
of the Giles expedition.
After the death of Gibson, finding that
there was apparently no hope cri reaching
civilization by following an overland
route De Rougemont determined to settle
down' among the friendly blacks, and if
necessary end his days there. To this
decision, he says he was moved largely by
the pleadings of his native wife, for
whom he had come to entertain a most
sincere affection. He therefore settled
down in the mountainous region mar the
center of the continent and ultimately be
came king or ruler over a number of large
tribe 0 In this manner he lived out th*
next "twenty years of his life, and would
nrobably have ended his days there had
not an epidemic of Influenza swept over
the continent and carried away his wife
and children.
Being thus left alon.e De Rougemont
decided to make one more attempt to
reach civilization and leaving his moun
tain home set out toward the southwest.
In this, as in previous journeys, he was
unable to follow a direct line, but had
to go hither and thither with the tribes
that he met in his journey. After a
time he came across a tree marked "For
rest," evidently the name of an explorer
who ' had passed that way. Turning
south from thia point he at length, seve
ral days' journey north of Mount Marga,
learned that a party of -white prospectors
were near by. Taught by his previous
experience he decided to get some of the
natives to procure clothes for him before
he presented himself to the white men.
When he Joined the prospecting party
and informed thorn that he had been jour
neying from the intertor for nine or ten
months they looked upon him as a per
son of weak intellect, and when he asked
the question, "What year Is this?" they
were convinced that he was crazy. How
ever, they permitted him to accompany
them back to Mount Marga, which was
the nearest camp. Thence by Slow stages
he worked his way to Melbourne, reach
ing there early in 1895.
For over two years he supported him
self by various more or less menial oc
cupations, gradually becoming accus
tomed to civilization and learning of the
events that had taken place during the
time when he was lost to the world.
Early in the present year he worked his
passage to London on a trading vessel
and soon afterward all the vrorld heard
of him under the title of "the new Rob.
inson Crusoe."
Tr;e De Rougemont Controversy.
LONDON, Oct. 24.— For two months
the great controversial question in
England has been: "Is the man
who calls himself Louis de Rouge
mont, and who claims to have
lived for something like thirty
years among the cannibal blacks of Aus
tralia, a great traveler or a great im
postor?"
The Daily Chronicle asked this question
early in September, and since that time
has kept up a continuous fire of denial,
criticism and ridicule against the "mod
ern Crusoe." But De Rougemont has
not been without warm supporters, and
the public has seemed disposed to listen
with interest to his story and to believe
it until it should be proved untrue. Th«
. world at large has watched this paper
war with interest, too, for the account
of De Rougemont, or at least such part
of it as he has related thus far, has been
repeated in every quarter of the globe,
and it -certainly has fulfilled the claim
of the Frenchman's backers as being
"the most marvelous story man ever
lived to tell.'"
When Louis de "Rougemont, or Louig
Grin as his name is now reported to be,
applied to the Hon. Hunneker Heaton
some months ago for an introduction to
some London editor it is doubtful if he
looked upon himself as in any way a
wonderful man. He had recently worked
his way from New Zealand to London on
a trading vesßel and was out of money.
He modestly explained that he had been
a pearl-fisher, had lived among the Aus
tralian blacks, and had had some ad
ventures which he believed might make
an interesting- story. Until he became
stranded in London, he claimed, it may
be truthfully,, he had had no thought of
writing about his experiences.
Through Mr. Heaton. who is interested
in all affairs Aus>t»ala.«ian. the traveler
was introduced to Mr. W. G. Fitzgerald
of Sir George Newnes' Wide World mag
azine. His story must have impressed
the managers of that publication, for
they shortly announced that they had
discovered a "new Robinson Crusoe,"
whose actual experiences were even more
remarkable than those of Defoe's imag
inary hero, and that his own account of
his wonderful adventures would begin
publication in the. August number of their
magazine.
Public curiosity, which had been mildly
stimulated by the advertisements of:
the new prodigy,' received a gen
uine surprise when the first In
stallment of De Rougemont's story
appeared in print. It is putting it
mildly to say that his adventures were
the most remarkable ever related under
the. guiae of truth. The $50,000 cargo of
pearls, the giant octopus, the wreck on
the lonely sandapit, the turtle-bock rides,
and the other wonders which formed the
inception of De Rougemont's tale, are fa
miliar to the reading public. They proved
a large dose to swallow at one gulp, and
it is not surprising that they were re
ceived with astonishment and incredulity.
But Crusoe and his publishers were not
abashed. It was announced that th«
geography of the story had been examined
and checked by Dr. Scott Keltle and Dr.
Hugh Robert Mill of the Royal Geo
graphical Society, and that they believed
it was true. The most Incredible incident
of the first portion of the story was that
in which the narrator told how he had
beguiled the w^ary hours on the sand
spit by riding on the backs of Immense
turtles, keeping them at the surface by
leaning far back on the shell and guiding
them oy poking his toes in their eyes.
But Admiral Markeley, who had had
long experience among the South Pacific
islands, came forward and said that h#
had known of this feat being accom
plished by natives there, and- that It wai
by no means impossible.
Then De Rougemont enjoyed a genuine
triumph. He was invited to address the
Bristol Congress of the British Associa
tion for the Advancement of Science, He
read two papers before this digniiied
body on his geographical and anthropo
logical observations among the Australian
natives. More than this, he was the lion
of the hour, and his papers were the great
feature of the meeting. The worthy and
distinguished gentlemen wtto compose ih«
British Association are now greatly
pained and scandalized to think or their
enthusiasm over the man who, according 1
to recent revelations, was in service as
a footman and courier during a consider
able portion of the time when he was sup-
Eosea to be lording it over a tribe of
erce cannibals. .
The enemies of De Rougemont acknowl
edge that there may be a considerable
substratum of truth in his stories. It i|
known that he was at one time engaged
in the pearl industry, and it is believed
that Peter Jensen, who figures in the
narrative as his partner In this enter
prise is still living in New Guinea. It is
acknowledged, too, that he may have
lived for some years among the blacks
as no record of his doing-s from about
1875 to 1880 has been found.
With important modifications it Is like
ly that his story will be proved to have
a basis In fact. ...
At any rate, in spite of the damaging:
revelations that have been made regard
ing his credibility, De Rougremont still
sticks to hl9 Htory.
2526
AS the social scroll unrolls the
" indications are that Hymen's
golden bells will keep up their
merry twinkling for some
time to come. Indeed, it
looks as though the buds
■would have to divide honors with the
brides this season. A number of in
teresting weddings are scheduled for
the present week. Foremost among
these is the wedding of Miss Jessie
Xewlands, niece of* Hon. Frank G.
Xewlands, and George 11. Eldridge,
who is connected with the geographi
cal survey at Washington. The wed
ding will take place on Monday, the
!Blst inst., at the home of Miss New
lands, on Clay street, after which the
couple will leave for their future home
In Washington, D. C.
• • •
The marriage of Miss Blanche Karf
and Albert W. Wallace will be cele
brated next Wednesday In Trinity
Presbyterian Church, on Twenty-third
ptreet, and will be followed by a re
ception at the home of. the bride on
Twenty-first st ;
The wedding of Miss Isab Louise
Taylor, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
James M. Taylor, to Clyde Davenport
Carman, will take place on Wednesday
evening of this week' at the residence
of the bride to. be, 1368 Webster street,
Oakland.
• * *
Among the weddings celebrated dur
ing the past week was that of Mis*
Hilda Sachs and Julian ;H. Newbauer,
which took place Tuesday evening in
the bali room of the Concordia Club.
The Rev. Dr. Voorsanger was the of
ficiating clergyman. Sanford R. New
bauer of Lus Angeles, a brother of the
groom, acted as best man, and MLs.s
Gertrude Strassberger was the maid of
honor.
Last evening at 703 East Channel
street, Stockton, Miss Mattie Sargent
daughter of Hop. K. C. Sargent, wa.s
united in marriage to Alec. B. Wilber
force of this city, Bun of Edward Wil
berforce Esq., master of the Supreme
Court. London, England, and cousin of
Ernest Roland, Lord Bishup of Chl< I es
ter.
• • •
In San Jose on Wednesday evening,
at the home of her parents, Judge and
Mrs. J. H. Moore, Miss Bessie Moore
will be married to Herbert Willoughby
Eustace, a young business man of that
city. It will be a very quiet affair
witnessed by only a few relatives and
Intimate friends.
• » •
The engagement is announced of
Miss EfHe Sara Hester, daughter of Mr '
and Mrs. W. F. Hester of 1414 Sacra
mento street, to D. C. Aiken of Pitts- j
burg. Pa. Miss Hester belongs to an !
old San Jose family. Her grand
father, Hon. Craven Hester; was one
of the best known jurists in the his
tory of the State.
* • » . .
One of the events of the . present I
•week, which is eagerly looked forward '
to by the younger set,- is the tea to be
given on Saturday next between the
hours of 5 and 7 o'clock by Mrs A H
Loughborough. at her home on Frank-
Jin and O'Farrell streets. . The occa
sion will serve to introduce her daugh
ter Miss Josephine Loughborough to
society. • .
On the same day will be given a
cushion tea at the residence of Mrs M
H. de Young. 1919 California street for
the benefit of the Woman's Exchange.
The members °. the Entre Nous Cotillon
Club opened their season October with
Half 1n m ly £ n , d Kfel 2 lan - S'ven Vmu le
■5" V, n tne Palace Hotel. The club has
a full membership of fifty coupled ha "
Six attractive and novel figures were
danced, under the leadership of Sanfonl
G^Lewald. with Miss MartlaSd as a part-
A house party is being arranged to be
given by Captain Henry M. Bankhead
ThP Bhnmral8 hnm ral f f if "? d ? 1" S \ ntl *K° de Cuba
Jf ?h fl selected for the party is one
of the finest in the heart of the city two
blocks from th i Palace. T he refreshments
will be served by the American Hotel.
Just opposite. •
The party will include Congressman and
Mi?; m .A B £nkhead Mies Bankhead.
Miss Florida Graves of Alabama Miss
Rowena Thompson of San Francisco (who
is visiting her relatives in the East and
South; Miss Alice J 3Uckn Sr of Jackson
ville, Ha., and others. They will sail
from New York about the middle of No
vember and remain over the Christmas
holidays. Mrs. W. K. Simpson will join
her husband, chaplain of the Fifth Re Ki
ln ent. ' °
Mrs. Wagner and Miss Wagner enter
tained a number of friends Thursday af
ternoon at a tea at their home, 1407 Jones
street. The rooms were artistically deco
rated and were crowded during the after
noon.
Mrs. Samuel Blair and Miss Jennie Blair
will not leave for Europe until snring
They have taken apartments at the Hotel
Savoy, and will be at home on Mondays
Mrs. Joseph D. Redding and Miss Flor
ence Josßelyn have been making a short
stay i# New York prior to their departure
for Europe.
• •
John W. Mackay, who has been sojourn
tr-g at Paso Robles during the pawt few i
weeks, returned to this city ThurHtlav
Mr. and Mrß. R. P. Schwerln left* "for !
the East yesterday afternoon.-
Mrs.Wataon, wife of Commodore John C
Watson, in command of the Mare Island
Navy-yard, who Is the daughter of Su
preme Justice Thornton, has t>een visitini? !
her parents in this, city at the family resi- j
denee, 2908 Jackson street.
Mr. and Mrs. Mountford S. Wilson have
closed their Burllngame borne and have
returned to the city for the winter sea
eon.
• • •
Joseph D. Grant, president of the San
Francisco Art Association, gave a dinner
In the Red Room of the Bohemian Club
on Friday evening, October 28, as a com
pliment to T. Alexander Harrison the
celebrated artist, who Is visiting here. In
vited to meet him were the officers, board
of directors and the reception committee
of the reception which was given after
ward at the Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art. The room was handsomely decorat- I
cd. a string orchestra was in attendance
and an elaborate menu was served. Gor
don Ross drew a cartoon for the occa
sion and also designed the menu cards
which were unique. Those present to
meet Mr. Harrison were:
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph D. Grant, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Rollo Peters, Mrs. Alice B.
Chlttenden, Miss Heynemann. Miss I
Maren Froelioh, Horace G. Platt, Irvine i
M. Scott, William Keith,. William Alvord,
Joseph D. Strong. I>. P. Latlmer. J. W.
Byrne, J. A. Hart, John A. Stanton,
Arthur Rodgers. William G. Stafford,
Frederick "W. Zeile, H. J. Brewer, Colo
onel Alexander G. Hawee, Henry Hey
man and Edward Bosqul.
• • •
Mrs. Frances B. Edgerton has been
passing tho month of October In Wash
ington, D. C, as the guest of Justice and
Mrs. Stephen J. Field.
H. R. Macfarlane gavr an Informal
luncheon at the California Hotel on Mon
day, October £4. His guests were: Ed
ward M. Greenway. Edward H. Sheldon,
A. B. Russell and H. A. Wildeman of the
Hawaiian Islands.
Mrs. William Kohl and Miss Mamie E.
Kohl have closed their home at San
Mateu and have taken the Goad r^si
dt-ncH. corner of Gough and Washington
streets, for the winter.
Miss Daisy Van Ness has . been the
gu» Bt of Senator Jones at his home In
Santa Monica.
Mrs. H. C. Merriam and family arrived
from Vancouver Barracks early in the
week, and will spend the winter in tills
city.
Mrs. Stoney, wife of Lieutenant G. M.
Stoney. !'. S. N., Is now at the Naval
Academy, Annapolis, where Lieutenant
Stoney Is stationed.
• • •
- Edith Findley is visiting Mrs.
SchmiPdf-11 at the Waldorf-Astoria, and
will remain in New York until January.
Mrs. Hester Harland and daughter
Kathcrine have returned home after a
delightful two months' visit to Hono
lulu.
• *
One of the most delightful sacred con
certs of the season was held recently at
the Central Methodist Episcopal Church
at Stockton, presided over by the Rev.
Dr. W. C Evans.
The recital was given by Professor
Lewis Thwaltps. the celebrated organist.
late a member of the choir of St. Paul's
' Cathedral, London, and who Is now the
. organist of the Stockton church.
Mr. Horace Vincent won great praise
for his rendition of the beautiful reck
and air from Handel's oratorio. "The
Messiah"— "Comfort Ye My People" and
"Every Valley."
Mr. Thwaites rendered with splendid
precision the beautiful movement from
Mendelssohn's concerto, the andante in
I G from violin concerto In C. This organ
solo, as well as the entire programme,
was much appreciated. It is proposed to
give the recital? at regular Intervals. The
programme follows:
• Organ solo, sonata, D minor (A. Guil
marit), Lewis Thwaites; anthem. "Can
tata Domino." in F (Bayley), choir; solo,
"Imperfectus" (Sir William Robinson),
Mrs. L. Thwaites: organ solo. " Rhapso
dle Fur dcs '"antiques" (C. Saint-Saens).
Lewis Thwaites; duet and chorus, "I
Waited for the Lord" (Mendelssohn),
Mis* M. Gross. Miss R. Gross and choir;
solo, reclt. "Comfort Ye My People,"
and air. "Every Valley" (Handel), Hor
ace Vincent; quartet, "Jerusalem" (Par
ker), Mrs. Holly. Miss Gertrude Hatch,
Messrs. H. Vincent and M. L. Parks: an
them. "I Am He That Llveth" (Simper),
choir; bass solo, M. L. Parks; - organ
solo, andante In Q, from violin con
certo in C (Mendelssohn), Lewis Thwaites;
anthem, "Deus Misereautr" In F (Bay
ley), choir; organ solo, "Triumphal
March," in D (Lemmens), choir.
The choir, one of the largest In the
State, is composed of the following: So
pranos—Miss M. Gross. Miss R. Gross,
Mrs. Bradley. Mrs. Light. Mrs. Golds
worthy, Mrs. W. E. Tretheway. Mrs. Hol
ly, Miss M. Gribble, Miss B. Martin, Miss
L Barber. Miss J. Brown and Miss F.
Brown. Altos— Miss G. Hatch, Mrs. H.
E. Williamson, Miss E. Gross, Mr?. L.
Thwaites and Mrs. Westbay. Tenors—
Messrs. Horace Vincent, M. Wenk. W. E.
Tretheway. W. E. Asklns, W. Hammond
and Mr. Bryant. Bassos— Messrs. M. L.
Parks, J. H. Wilkinson, F. Guernsey, Mr.
Hardy and Mr. Dale.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Duffy of 1218 Fell
stri-et celebrated the tenth anniversary of
their marriage on Monday evening. Oc
tober IT. The evening was most enjoyably
spent in dancing until midnight when
supper was .-<ervf-d. after which dancing
was resumed. Among those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Duffy. Mr. and Mrs.
<"hrls Unger. Mr. and Mrs. George Lang,
Mr. and Mrs. Ed Langlols, Mr. and Mrs.
P. F. Brown, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Church. Mr. and Mrs. George Duffy, Mr.
and Mrs. Harry Pelletuß. Mr. and Mrs.
John Stevens, Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Duffey.
Mrs. Colonel Viet Driboll. Mrs. S. J. Gar
teen, Mrs. Virginia Mooney, Misses Kittle
and Mice Kavanaugh, Misses Bessie and
Katie Hicks. Miss <"lara Michan. Miss
Emma Jarvis. Mlhs Annie Clune, William
<"uri-tte, Richard O'Neill, Robert Duk».
C O. Heine. A. White. George Cofield,
George Langlois. Harry Polletus. Tom
Kavanaugh and Captain Will Jarvis.
A pretty home wedding occurred last
Tuesday at the family residence of Mr.
and Mrs. J. H. Garrett, 816 Turk street,
when their daughter. Miss Helen Garrett,
wan united in marriage to J. B. M'Glew.
The parlors of the Garrett home were
tastily garlanded for the occasion, and
many" immediate relatives and friends were
present. Rev. Father Prendergast, Vicar
General, officiated. After the ceremony
all the guests participated in the mar
riage feast, ana the happy couple left
later for a southern tour. The bride has
a large circle of acquaintances and is well
liked and esteemed by all. The groom
is v young assayer, and is identified with
large' enterprises of a mining character.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Robertson cele
brated their silver wedding: Saturday
evening at their residence, 12')^ Silver
street. Among those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. Alexander Robertson, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Cottrell. Mr. and Mrs. J. W.
Virgin and family, Mrs. Poling. Mr. and
Mrs. William Mullins Sr.. Mr. and Mrs.
E. McKarley. A. English, James Donvard
and Hugh Dougherty.
The wedding of John Collins and Miss
Catharine McGrath took place at 7 o'clock
Wednesday morning, October 26, at St.
Agnes Ch'ureh. The ceremony was per
formed by the Rev. Father Kirby. The
church was beautifully decorated with
white chrysanthemums and violets.
Miss Posey McGrath, the bride's sister,
acted ac maid of honor. Charles Calnan
was the best man.
A pleasant surprise party was tendered
to Miss Rose Wagner by her friends last
Saturday evening, at her residence, 32
Golden Gate avenue, to celebrate the an
niversary of her birthday. The evening
was spent In singing, dancing and music.
At a late hour the guests repaired to the
dining room, where refreshments were
servefl. Those present were: Ml?>a Mar
guerite Kane, Miss Rose Wagner. Miss
Rena Trigg, Miss Eva Conway, Miss
Mary Bryne, Miss Josle Sullivan. Miss
May" Carter, Miss Etta Dwyer. Miss E.
Queen Montgomery, Miss Edna Montgom
ery. Mis? Frances O'Nell, Miss OlTvett
Trade Miss Muy Cavanaugh, Miss Clara
Ltebscher, Miss Lizzie Brough, Mr. and
Mrs. Farmer, Mrs. McCord, Mrs. and
Miss Smith 1 , L. Henderson. J. MacEwen,
W. Rattigan. W. Young. E. Moore, W.
Pabst, C. Drady, E. Montgomery, D.
Mooney, H. Duncan, R. Smith. C. H. Han
sen, H. Mack Love. A. Fish, E. Robinson,
A. Raymond and J. Butler.
The jpunils of L. P. Latlmer, the artist,
gave him a most delightful surprise at
his studio in the Crocker building, on Sat
urday afternoon, the occasion being Mr
Latlmer's forty-first birthday anniver
sary. The students presented him with
a handsomely embossed match case. The
pupils who participated in the affair were-
Miss J. E. Chapman. Miss Helen Sayl
Miss Louise Bruner. Miss K. L. McCar
thy, Miss F. Edith Whltesfield, Miss Ag
nes McCrystal, Miss L. de Frasse, Miss
Lucy Croll. Miss Alma Knight. Miss Elea
nor Plaw. Miss E. Walters, Miss Belcher
Miss Edith Olsen, Miss E. Becwlck, De
Neale Morgan, Mrs. A. F. Searborn, Mrs
E.. Smitten, Mrs. Alfred Very and E. H
Webb.
*« * *
The next dance of the First Friday Co
tillion will be given November 4, in the
Supreme Court ouildlng. 305 Larkin street
A donation party will be given by the
Catholic Ladies' Aid Society No. 2, at
Atheneum Hall, corner of Seventeenth
and Howard streets, Monday evening,
October 31.
Mlbb Mollio Wetfcered and, Emil T.^
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 189 S.
i Kruse will be quietly married at the
! residence of her parents. 2109 Pacific ave
j nue. Wednesday evening, November 2.
I at 9 o'clock.
Mr. and Mr?. Wethered will leave No
< vember 4 to visit their son in Chicago and
; spend the winter in the Ea-stern States.
A pleasant surprise party was given re
i cently 60 Miss Sophie Bw.kmiuin at her
; parents' home, 1317 Steiner s:rt-t-t. Among
; those present were Miss Olga Clemens,
Miss I- ranees Schlesselman. Miss Becky
; yon Bremen, the Misses Lena and Mary
! AVagner, Miss Sophie Luttman. the B
i Kate and Maggie Mahoney. the Bu.ssea
I Gretchen. Lizzie and Sophie Beokmann.
Henry Elmers. Nick Eilmers. Theodore
Goethe. Herman Schlitlng. Otto Barthul
dy. Ellis Davia a.nd C. Rumsay of Kansas
and Mr. and Mrs. Beckmann.
Major and Mrs. Lewis Smith, U. S. A..
! have taken apartments at the Occidental
for the winter. They will be at home on
Mondays.
Mr. and Mrs. D. Edwards announce the
engagement of their daughter Hannah to
Dr. Ralph J. Schirrnan. They will re
cei\e Sunday, November 6, from 2 to 5 at
714 Buchanan street.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Becky Rice, daughter of Mrs. B. Rice,
to Jacob L. Sllberstfin. They will be at
home Sunday, November 6, at 1212 Bu
chanan street, from 2 to 5 p. m.
The Pastime Outing Club gave a grand
banquet to its members and friends Sun
day evening. October 23. in honor of the
success of the club's first grand social,
which was held on Saturday evening.
October 15. at Turn Vereln Hall. The |
opening address was made by Past Presi
dent Charles Beschorman. Speeches were
made by the newly elected president, H.
Ellenmler, and others. The newly elected
officers are: President, H. Ellenmler;
recording secretary, H. Hippen; financial
secretary, A. Matthieson.
0 • •
A festival entertainment for the benefit
of the First English Lutheran Church
will be given by the young people of the
Church In the lower hall of the edifice on j
the evenings of October 31 to November \
5 inclusive.
Among the passengers who sailed on the
steamship Alameda for Honolulu. Auck
land ana Sydney. Thursday, October 6.
were: \V. B. Allen. Mrs. E. Bailey and
son E. Batting Barthrop. E. S. Benson
and wife, A. A. Braym^r, W. H. Cook, J.
H. Dorsey C. M. Edmonds, George R.
Ewart, Airs. C. E. Fltzpatriok, Miss E.
Furley. H. W. Foster and wife, V. M. ;
Gr^ever. F. S. Heath and wife, William i
Henshall. Adam Ht-unisch. Mrs. L. Hoi
land, C. A. Johnson, Miss L. M. Mackay, |
J M. Maring and wife. Mrs. William M< -
Caslin Miss D. MeCul!«ugh. Miss M.
Nub!''. Mrs. T. J. Penfield. Mrs. A. Quinn
and two children. Mrs. J. G. Rothwe!!. F.
A. Schaefer. W. D. Sorby and wife, T. M.
Starky. Mrs. Wallenstein and two child
ren, Dr. James T. Wayson, H. M. Whit
ney. Mrs. C. S. Woolley and son, A. 1.,, i
Foster and wife. Maior F. Nelson George
and wife, C. J. G. Still. Charles L. j
THESE TWO PARENTS HAVE
89 LIVING DESCENDANTS
Their Living Descendants Number 13 Children, 63 Grandchildren
and 13 Great-Grandchildren. Total 89.
A Gathering of the Family at a Banquet Would Crowd the Table Some
thing After This Fashion.
LONG CREEK, Oct. 28.— Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Blackwell are two of the old
est and most highly respected residents of Grant County. They were
both- born in Hickman County, Tennessee. They were married Sep
tember 9, 1847. Mr. Blackwell was born September 6, 1826. Mrs.
Blackwell was born in 1830.
Fifteen children have been born to them, two of whom died in infancy.
Their living descendants number 13 children, 63 grandchildren and 13
gTeat-grandfhldren, a total of 89 .
In 1861 Mr. and Mrs. Blackwell removed from Tennessee to Franklin
County, Arkansas, where Mr. Blackwell engaged in farming. In 1854 they
went to what is now Parker County, Texas. They returned to Arkansas
just in time to escape a general massacre by the Comanche Indians in 1857,
in which all their neighbors were killed. They then resided in Northwest
ern Arkansas until the spring of 1875, when they removed to Grant County,
their present home. Blackwell engaged in Btock raising.
Soon after their arrival in this valley, in 1878, the country was raided
by Indians, and it is said th: t had it not been for the courage and energy
displayed by Mr. Blackwell a massacre of the twenty odd families then re
siding in Northern Grant County would certainly have occurred. Every
family in the valley was brought to a point a few miles above the present
town of Long Creek, and the men immediately set to work building a
fort, and with energy born of desperation succeeded in completing it a
few minutes before the Indians arrived. Mr. Blackwell gave orders to the
party not to fire a shot unless the Indians closed in on them, and to his
good judgment in this respect the party no doubt owe their lives. Mr.
Blackwell says that the Indians could have taken the little fort with ease
had they stormed it, for the weapons of the settlers consisted of only a
few guns of the old cap and ball pattern, and very little ammunition.
But after firing a few volleys at the fort -with the intention of drawing
the fire of the settlers the Indians withdrew, evidently deeming the little
citadel too strong to attempt a hand-to-hand attack. Mr. Blackwell lays
he thought the entire party would be massacred, but he and the rest of
the party determined to sell their lives as dearly as possible under the
great odds against them.
The Indians contented themselves with stealing every horse In the val
ley and slaughtering the cattle and sheep and firing the settlers' cabins.
Mr. Blackwell lost several thousand dollars' worth of livestock and 'i)s
home and improvements. He has succeeded since, however, In amassing
quite a fortune.
SOCIETY.
Crehore, Captain V. Schenfelder. William
M. Woodworth, A. Astley, Mrs. T. R.
! Beaumont, Miss Beaumont. Miss M. C.
i Beaumont. Master Beaumont. W. A.
| Boord. Mrs. J. F. Chinnery. Joseph Dur
1 kin, M. Emanuel and wife, J W. Forster,
IH. Franks, G. V. Henrle. Mrs. A. M.
, Jones and child. G. K. Johnston, W. S.
1 Laurie. Mrs. E. Love, W. E. Pick* Us.
; Mrs. Dr. Ray and daughter, W. Roy all.
! E. A. Sanford, W. J. Whyte and Captain
W. Gordon.
• • •
The Carnation Social Club gave their
I second trolley party on Saturday evening.
; October 22. Those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. La Chapelle. Mr. and Mrs. T. N.
McNaugbton, Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Kessler,
: Mrs. Copland, Mr. and Mrs. Nelson. Mr.
' and Mrs. R. Healy, Mr. and Mrs. D. S.
! McKenna, Mrs. A. Demers. Mrs. Henry,
Marguerite Connell. C. Campbell, Kittle
Copeland. Nellie Connell. J. P. Henry,
Mary Copeland. E. J. O'Rourke. Ed Cone
land, Frankie Connell. T. Lettich, Dr.
; Ayers. Emma Connell. Lottie Fee.ny,
; George Frichotte, J. Lettich, Amelia
I Giannini. Miss D. F. Wallace. J. F. Toom
ey, Lizzie Hoar. Jack Small. William
Egan. Rose Smith, Mis? H. Hanner. R B.
Baker, Theresa Connell. Oila Smith.
Nonia Hayward. May Hoar. Miss B.
Smith. James Collins, Agnes Bin<n, Frank
O'Neil. May Small. Christine Blnet. J.
McDonald, Annie Goggin. J. T. Canill.
Mr. Thompson. Sara Frlchette. Alice
Crowley, M. Tloltz. Cora Smith. Cody
Martin. J. Rodgers, Miss L. Rheln, John
O'Neil and Willie Smith.
A BUD'S
GOSSIP.
EAREST MARGUERITE: The
doctor and dentist pronounced me
Din full repairs, and the dress
maker vouched that I had all the
modern improvements. That was
last Monday, and to-day 1 feel that I
ought to be put on the shelf again for re
pairs. Like all new-fangled tilings, I got
out of whack.
But this is a fin-de-sieole age, so I must
keep the pace, and, well. "Apres nous le
deluge!" Not that I really did anything
thrilling this week. Yet I had pome Ken
ulne gayety. But after hibernating for
so long on the memory of joys that have
fled. I almost succumbed unilnr the influ
ence of a bona-flde good time.
The first affair was an informal little
t^a given to Lurllne Spreckels. Mabel and
Lurline have always b^en very chummy,
fu Mabel is bluer than Indigo at the
thought of Lurllne'a living in Paris In
definitely.
We really had a Jolly time, especially
I Edith Mcßean and myself, who were the
I only girls who had passed our teens. In-
I stead of putting weights on the other
girls' spirits, we pitched them up to the
| Key of G.
Lurline showed me the picture of a cer
tain tickle youth who or late has been
sighing under her lattice. And 1 think
she must have smiled at him through the
slats, otherwise he would not have had
his picture taken especially to ivc to her.
1 myself have smiled at him several
times and oft, yet I did not receive a pic
ture, in fact, i£mile B. has given me the
marble heart evef since I told you that
secret of his engagement to a southern
girl.
Monday afternoon we all went to the
1 tennis game. 1 think 1 told you that I bet
my hat on Alice Hoffman. Well, Winm
fred Mason won out, and unless some one
puts up a finer game next time my career
is ruined. I can never afford to get an
other hat like the one 1 have lost.
Some wily financiers should get a cor
ner on tea, for at the rate we girls are
consuming it. it's bound to go up. Every
afternoon, with malice aforethought, we
come down like the wolf on the fold at
some of the girls' houses. We consume
gallons of tea, barrels of crackers and
acres of sandwiches.
I steered half a dozen of the girls to
see Carrie Taylor one day, and we lin
gered over our cups so long that it was
a scramble to get home in time for din
ner. The Hopkins', the Carolans , Edith
Mcßean and Caw Crockett constituted
by entire force, but they did nobly, and
Carrie will have to lay in a fresh stock
of tea before we come again.
The next day most of us went over to
San Rafael to see Tiny O'Connor.
The buds are in a flutter of excitement.
Olive Holbrook came home from Faso
Robles this week, and she and Mabel
have had all sorts of conferences as to
their "coming out." , .
Mrs. Loughborough is going to give
Josephine a matinee tea on Saturday to
introduce her to We, Us & Co., sometimes
called Society. „, •' /!
1 met Josephine at a dinner Mrs Martin
gave, and she did herself proud. Lieuten
ant and Mrs. Key. U. S. N., were the
guests of honor,' and I found them very
charming. They leave for Tokio, Japan,
In some official capacity or other. Ethel
Murphy. Miss Schneely.-J. Downey Har
vey and Laurence Van Winkle were th«
other guests.
I don't think you ever met Miss
Schneely. She is an extremely handsome
girl, with shining braids of black hair
wound around a really classical head. I
never can pronounce her name, so I call
her Juno. . •' < "
Mrs. de Young has offered her house for
the cushion tea that will be given for the
benefit of the Woman's' Exchange. I was
going to assist, but as Josephine Lough
borough's tea is the same day I couldn't ;
accept. Isn't it too bad there Is only one ;
Marie Wells, Julia Buckbee. Helen Wag- !
ncr Marie Oge and Mary Belle Gwin are
going to assist and will endeavor to pre
vent the public from feeling my absence
too keenly. —.'.= ■ 
We have been out to so many dinners
this week that the cook has not half ;
earned his salary. Besides Mrs. Martin s j
dinner there was a truly delightful one |
at the Bohemian Club. Mr. and Mrs.
Grant gave It in honor of Mr. Harrison,
the celebrated artist. The red room never i
looked prettier and the menu cards, by
Gordon Ross, were little gems. I- or once ,
the artistic atmosphere was genuine, not
merely a snobbish attempt. Mamma and
papa have been to two dinners this week,
but we managed to bear their absence by
inviting an avalanche of friends to break
Colonel Hawes grave the first dinner. j
Rear Admiral Miller and Mrs. Miller be- (
ing the guests of honor. The heads of .
our distinguished family said they enjoyed
it very much. The other dinner was
given by Mrs. Morgan, and was followed ,
by a card party. Mamma says going out
so often is making her young again.
You'd never guess it to look at her.
The Philadelphia Is here once more.
We were all relieved to see ]N orris Davis.
I was afraid that the hot weather of j
Honolulu, would wilt his massive collars.
But he still wears them high—higher
choice' 'em. Affectionately >:°««i MqY
•r FLORA McFLlilisl.
Mrs. Gedleigh's
Fall Shopping
Gedleigh was married only last spring
and, as he and his wife have been out
of town ever since, he had no opportu
nity of discovering the true inwardness
of feminine shopping until last week,
when he and Mrs. Gedloigh came to
town to settle in their winter quarters.
The morning after their arrival as they
sat at breakfast Mrs. Gedleigrh observed
that It was plainly her duty to go a
shopping.
"I shall start early so as to get
through as much as I can," she re
marked.
"You won't do it all to-day then?"
"My fall shopping in one day.' Carl
Gedleigh! It is plainly evident that
your sisterless bachelorhood left you In
a deplorable state of ignorance. If you
would just go with me "
"Oh, no! no! I'll take your word for
it. I have no desire to be instructed by
means of object lessons."
"Well, as I was going to say, the
grand rush will be on by next week, and
I want to get ahead of it. Don't you
want to meet me for luncheon at 2
o'clock? Then I'll tell you what I have
done."
Gedleigh waited until half-past 2 and
had just decided that his wife was not
coming when she bore down upon him,
looking: tired -and nervous.
"Oh, Carl! I am so sorry to be late,
but I really could not help it. I have
been just as busy as I could be every
minute, and then I didn't do half what
I had planned."
"Well, what did you buy?" asked
Mr. Gedlelgh with sympathetic inter
est. "Did you get a stunning new fall
gown?"
"Oh, dear, no! I just looked at them.
I wanted to see what was going to be
worn this season."
"And didn't you get a hat, either?"
Mrs. Gedleigh shook her head. "I am
all at sea about hats. I went to several
of the largest shops and to some of the
swellest private ones, and everything
this season is so unbecoming to me."
"Didn't you buy any thing?" asked
the bewildered husband.
"Oh, yes; I bought some shirt waists
that were marked down from $3 50 to
$1 75, and I got you some lovely neg
lige shirts; you know yours are nearly
all so faded."
"But I thought it was time to lay
aside shirt waists and neglige shirts?"
"Yes, but they will do for next sum
mer, don't you see? And I got them so
cheap."
A WOMAN'S DICTIONARY.
Letter — The excuse for a postscript.
No — See yes.
Golf skirt— Bo called whether the
wearer has ever act foot upon the links
or not. "Worn at the summer resorts
to distinguish week days from Sun-
I day. See rainy day skirt.
Higher education— Something to talk
about. See bore.
Immediately — Any time within a year.
Car fare — Five copper cents.
Man — An unknown quantity at an
afternoon tea. At summer resorts, ob
, solete.
Newspaper— That which may be read
; over the shoulder of the man sitting
next you.
Prerogative— An attribute which you
POT A NICKEL IN THE SLOT
AND GET A SERVANT
THE existence of the Ancient and
Honorable Order of Slaveys and
Gentlemen's Gentlemen Is threat
ened. The safety and value of
British "help" are shaken at their
foundation and the danger may extend
to the menials of America. Some en
terprising subjects of the Queen—
"slick" is the adjective we would em
ploy to best describe them — have em
barked on an undertaking which
threatens to revolutionize the English
system of service. The Domestic Ald
ers is the title of the organization, and
the name certainly fits it like the var
nish on a picture frame. A nickel in
the slot service is the epitome of the
society's purpose.
All the vassals in the employ of the
Domestic Aiders are uniformed, and
they may be found at various station?.
Suppose your brasswork on the outside
of the house needs burnishing. The
Aiders will supply you with a man who
will polish up the handle of the bier
front door, and polish it up right cheer
fully. All this will cost a cent. For j
APVEBTTSF.IVrFVIS.
® ® ® ®® ®® ®® ® ® ® ® ®® ® ®® ®®'® ® ® ® ®® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ®®
I iNEY-SAVINf OPPORTUNITY 1
® ®
111 1 This Week. I ... .in ... I This Week. I |
®'I I ■ ®
'SEASONABLE GOODS!!
! ® =zzz=zzi=zzii=: ®
I ® We open this week of the present fall season with a list of i
® SPECIAL OFFERINGS that will forcibly emphasize the fact that ®
% our MATCHLESS NEW FALL STOCK offers v:.\ ®
% THE STRONGEST VALUES IN THE MARKET! 1
% MEN'S FURNISHINGS. ®
®•' ' ®
® J±t 1O Cents. ®
Z^ 150 dozen MEN'S HEAVY WOOL. SOCKS, full finished and in sanitary ®
w Gray color; extra value for 51 80 dozen; will be offered at 10c pair. ©
® At 75~Oents. ®
® 43 dozen MEN'S LAUNDERED CHEVIOT AND PERCALE SHIRTS,
made up in the latest style, with link cuffs to each; good value for ®
® $1 25; will be offered at 75c each. ®
®• . ®
® V* Cents Each, . ®
S LADIES' PURE LINEN HEMSTITCF^D HANDKERCHIEFS;- regular ®
® value $1 50 dozen; on special sale at 7%c each.- •■-:-' " »
® S Cents Each. ®
® LADIES' PURE LINEN HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS; regular ®
® value 51 dozen; on special sale at 6c each. ®
S) LEATHER BELTS, BELT BUCKLES AND BELT SETS. ®
® LADIES' LEATHER BELTS 15c each; regular price 25c each.. ®
® LADIES' BELT BUCKLES AND BELT SETS, in steel, gilt and oxi- ®
® dized, at 40c, BOc, 60c, 75c and 51 . set; regularly worth from 51 25 to ®
© , 52 50 set. • . -' ®
1 RIBBONS. '■' ribbons. I
I J±t irr* Cents Yard. |
@ 300 pieces NO. 16 COLORED MOIRE RIBBON, extra fine quality, all g> *
_ silk, in an elegant assortment of shades; worth 25c yard; will be X
® offered at 17^c yard. • ®
® , . • ®
® J±t 2O Cents Yard. ®
® 200 pieces NO. 60 BLACK SATIN AND GROSGRAIN SASH RIBBON, 4 ®
® inches wide, all silk; worth 35c yard; will be offered at 20c yard. @
I LADIES' WAISTS. "' ®
® . — — - -.^ '• v a\
® J±t 35 Cents. •
® LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAIST, yoke back, blouse front; regu- )r
0 lar price 51; will be placed on sale at 35c. ®
® -A.t GO Cents. %
{ *I LADIES' FINE QUALITY PERCALE AND GINGHAM SHIRT /^
® WAISTS, latest style make; regular price $1 25; will be placed on i;
® sale at 50c. ®
I SOFA PILLOWS. I
® J±t $160. ®
® HANDSOME SILK AND SATIN SOFA PILLOWS, hand painted, fin- ®
® Ished with cord and double ruffle of silk; regular price 53 50; will ®
® be placed on sale at 51 50. ' «J
I SPECIAL!— KID GLOVES. ®
® A.t 75 Cents a Fair. ®
® 50 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP "HA VARD" PRIME LAMB GLOVES, col- ®
to ors, red, tan, brown, green, blue, heliotrope and white, also black: rs\
® regular value 51; will be on sale at 75c a pair. (Every pair guar- ~
® ante6d) =========== - i
|if IF Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., / ®
® Kr San Francisco. f
®® ® ® ® ® ®.® ® ® ®.® ® ® ® ® ® ®®. ®..®. ($ ® @ ® o ® @ ®.® ® ®j5 ® %
can't help and couldn't help if you
would; for example, changing your
mind.
Photography — A process only success
ful when it makes you out better look
ing than you are.
Clothes — The opportunity vouchsafed
up by Mother Eve to try to outshine
other women.
Logic— A non-existent tribute.
Money — Something to be spent.
Caramel — See matinee.
3 cents a day the English householder
may have his step? cleaned, and if
there Is an area to his residence, that
will be put in neat order for an addi
tional 3 cents. It costs 3 cents to have
the dust and dirt removed from a win
dow and the pane polished inside and
out. The consideration for cleaning
the sills is an extra cent. Stairs,
| blinds, carpet rods and firepiace will
receive careful attention, each article
being considered according to a regu
lar and carefully arranged schedule of
rates. Clothing will be mended and
laundry restored to its original purity.
The system is calling forth the most
vigorous protests from the man ser
vants and their donahs. The possi
bilities are illimitable. If the system
spYeads to the United States it would
not be astonishing to find in time a
schedule including service of an at
i tendant on convivial gentlemen at say
ntfl an hour, and a real swell, dress
'. escort, for unattractive but
' moneyed maidens at the theater, along
Fifth avenue and at other places, which
would necessarily cost the patron
=<.rr.<=-thing like a cent a minute.Handsome Opera Cloak.
THE frou-frou swish and flutter of
the summer girl no longer echoes
softly on the ear. In its stead Is
the patter-patter of the autumn
girl, clad, as befits a modern Di
ana. The summer maiden has evoluted
into the autumn girl easily and naturally.
r For country life has been genuine tnls
r year instead of a mere pretense. Driving,
riding, swimming and boating crowded
out dress parade through corridors and on
verandas. Pallor and powder went out
of fashion together, and people have come
back to town sunburned to a turn.
Since Bess looks athletic, Bob has been
willing to take her seriously and include
her in the out-of-town jaunts.
The tennis and golf clubs bid fair to
outshine cotillons in popularity at least
for a time. A hunting club is being organ
ized and swimming and fencing are down
on the programme.
October is the month par excellence
when sport lovers get their innings. The
school bell has brought many families
back to town, but from Friday till Mon
day they hie themselves to their country
homes. It is then that the houses are at
their best — tilled to overflowing with city
guests, enlivened by the call of the hunt
ers' horn, by the gallop of horses,' the
crack of whips and the snouting of cheery
voices under autumn-tinted boughs.
So for the hunting garb of our fair
equestriennes, they are models that comp
are more than favorably with those
worn by the French and English dames
enjoying: their annual hunt in the forest
of Fbntainebleau.
Nov.- that our ladies fair have become
serious nd capable devotees of outdoor
Bports they study to a nicety as to what
is the correct thing to wear. They do not
go riding in some long skirt cut short and
, i a shirt waist out of fashion. ■
"i Madame numbers several hunting garbs
'■• in her wardrobe. The skirt is always
ehort' enough to allow of Its just clearing
the sole of the riding boot. Most of me
skirts are of dark green cloth, and worn
with it is a oat or tightly fitting bodice
of bright apple green.
One of our fair Dianas chooses a habit
that harmonizes with the hunt. In the
last rabbit chase that the lingering guests
at' Monterey enjoyed she wore a habit
of soft shining, silky looking cloth of a
delicate, elusive shade that matched
"bunny's" coat perfectly. The hat was a
gray fedora draped with a silver gray
veil"
While this is a very pretty idea it is
very expensive and beyond the purses
of the multitude. One riding habit for the
wardrobe is sufficient, but it must- be
faultless. It is best for the cut to be
simple and the colors quiet, but the make
must be perfect. All the paraphernalia
of belt. whip, gun, boots, hat. spurs, cart
ridge holder, hunting knife— in short the
etceteras that are needful for hunting
ahorse or shooting afoot— must be fault
less.
Dead-leaf colored velveteens make up
into > .-rv pretty shootlngr-suits. Til.- skirt:
is plain and short, with a box-plaited
Norfolk jacket, fitting with absolute fidel
ity to the contours of the figure.
The Norfolk jacket may have a high
military collar and narrow cuffs, whereon
are embroidered small oak leaves and
acorn? in burnished silver. This last de
tail while »-xcoedingly pretty can be dis
pensed with. With such a costume should
be- worn a Tyrolese hat of tan felt
adorned with the wing of a partridge.
The same costume may be carried out
in myrtle green or mouse-gray cloth.
For hunting, as well as for shooting
the underwear should be of raw silk or
natural wool made up in the shape of
Bti^hts. all other forms of undervestments
" having been long since discarded.
The golf links out near the Presidio are
daily tented by young women in
emart costumes. The skirts are worn
longer than the" were 'last year, and
r^ach quite be!.,w the ankles. This ib
more becoming to the generality of
women. Almost all the skirts are gored
in front and circular in back. They are
made of heavy double-faced material, fin
ished with a .deep hem. They are worn
with any sort of shirtwaist— that is, of
flannel, velveteen or wash material, made
loose, and yet fitted over the shoulders.
ilt is considered the smarter thing to wear
a golf cape of bright plaid faced with an
other plaid. The correct hat with this is
either an Alpine or Tarn o' Shanter.
The golf cape, like the skirt, is cut
rather larger than that of last year, is
tight fitting in the back and at the sides
and is single-breasted, fastened with gold
buttons, on which is the monogram of
the club. The turned-down collar Is some
times faced with a contrasting color, .in
dicating the club to which the wearer be -
longs. The hat is the medium-sized cam
paign hat, trimmed with a stiff wing at
the side and a leather band.
Golf shoes and boots are very heavy
looking. They are made of tan water
proof kid. with heavy extension soles and
heels. The gloves worn are of the heav-
Ilest kid, two or three sizes too large, and
with holes across the back for. ventilation.
A smart bicycle costume is made of
checked material with the skirt cut in
circular shape, open at either side with
little straps and buttons. The Jacket Is in
Eton shape, with the fronts long enough
to extend below the waist line, and the
revers are unusually wide.
A-^tner bicycle suit is made with the
Street frock of mahogany color smootri
cloth. Skirt and bodice corded with fine
double cord. Long sweeping princesH
polonaise falls gracefully over the skirt.
The very edge of the polonaise Ir corded
l v.ith velvet as are the rovers; little girdle
in very narrow and simply fas
tenede orer to the back. Vest of mahog
any elaborately braided in blue and black.
Two large velvet buttons are sewn at the
of each rever. The very hi^h collar
Is a combination of the vest and the
braid reaches over it uninterrupted.,
Small sleeves with the cords running
around the arm. At the hand there is a
tiny cord of velvet. Hat of folded velvet
•with two black bird wings jauntily fas
tened at one side.
Correct Costumes
for
Modern Dianas.
skirt like the last one described, but the
waist is entirely different. It is made like
a riding habit, with the basque and alp
PQckets. There are wide revers and a
turned-down collar at the back. The
sleeves are small, in coat-sleeve shape,
and finished with two runs of stitching. A
An exquisite at-home gown of emhroid
»i. d blue cloth. Over the cloth comes a
princess polonaise of antique blue velvet.
All tin- iint-s nt the polonaise are defined
with two-inch bias velvet ruffles, faced
with pain yelluw glace silk. Keck cut
slightly square, and long, perfectly tight
sle< yes. The embroidery is in blue, silver
and paillettes of black.
linp of stitching is also around the entire
jacket.
Since lovely woman is bestowing as
much attention on her outing costumes as
her other gowns ?he is always a thing of
beauty, and sometimes a joy forever.
FOR LIMITED
INCOMES
tjnp CONSERVATIVE, economical wo-
II Y\ man will not risk paying the
II — H price of one of the new cape
If wraps, knowing- that she will
be obliged t" wear it every
where during the entire winter. She real
izes th.at a wrap of that character is in
tended to be one of several rather than the
only one garment of its class. Coats and
jackets have proved to be always fash
ionable and always serviceable. But one
must keep up with the modish movement
of dress, be it what it may; consequently,
if we have a very good short jacket, the
thing to do is to study it carefully, and
plan the best way to ri-muuol its length.
The skirt or basque may be lengthened in
many ways. Supposing -the cloth cannot
be matched exactly, we may fall back
on the modish touch of using another
shade of the same color. That will be
found to result wonderfully well when
seen between rows of fur. Then the
revers. if not entirely of fur, should be of
the new shade of cloth, and the collar
and cuffs also. It is not intended that
the new shade of cloth should form the
outside of the collar; that would be in
bad taste, but as a lining it would be in
k^-ping perfectly.
Many of the smartest Paris gowns built
of cloth show two shades of one color
or have a contrasting color introduced, be
tween cuttings of the cloth, these stitched
down afterward on each side. A snuff
brown ladies' cloth had a charmingly
gt ful skirt design so devised as to
mount up and finish to perfection on the
bodice. It is carried out in gourd-yellow
cloth, the lines not over a quarterof an
inch wide. A burnt orange velvet chemi
sette with a left strap and rosette de
scending to the belt, inte rmingled with
ecru guipure lace. This lace also formed
half collars and a front, completing a de
lightful scheme of color.
The thing to avoid in altering an out
side garment is introducing contrasts
which are t<<o sharp. It is better taste
to keep vivid tones subdued. There are
numerous ways of doing this, such as by
the use of passementeries, black laces
braids and strappings to break the color.
In the matter of revers and collars they
may.be allowed to stand out more posi
tively, if harshness is avoided and no
abuse of the privilege is made. For In
stance, white satin seldom can be worn
as facings to such parts without being
veiled with lace.
Regarding skirts, the foundation taffeta
petticoat remains separate from the top
or outside skirt, as in our summer gowns
having an accordion flounce, and measur
ing throe yards around the bot
tom. All new skirts are long, too
long to shop or to go about the
streets on foot without drawing up the
other skirt to keep it clean. Unless we
do, and a pity it is to De so taxed, we
have nothing left us but letting them
hang to sweep the streets, as we see daily
very careless untidy women doing. The
outside skirt is simply faced and stitched
down, the stitching hidden by the usual
bottom finish which all skirts now have,
for they are all trimmeu in some way.
Fitted flounces hold their sway su
premely. Home dressmakers should be
warned against attempting them, espe
cially in cloth, unless they obtain the
rcrvlces of a tailor to cut them out. AH
the best dressmakers employ a tailor for
?uch work. If one has a cloth gown made
■tfter the model of last spring there will
be found very little to do to it, unless to
make it fit the figure more closely at the
lop and to trim the opening at the back
with groups of small outtons or to close
the back and open the sairt on one side,
und to add the same button trimming on
the hip seams; both are new touches
which take away from the excessive
plainness of not having gathers or plaits.
One of the favorite plain skirt models
in new Parts gowns has bias seams in
front and in the back. All such skirts
measure four yards round the bottom.
Cross-striped materials, both in woolens
and silks, which are so popular at the
moment, look the best when their skirts
aro made up after this model. As
an instance, there is a very smart
novelty material, having a fine, cloth
like foundation, cross-striped with satin
cords an inch apart, and found In all the
modish colors of the season. There Is no
rieed of a fitted flounce or trimmings on a
skirt of this material and model. For that
reason is it mentioned as the smartest
and least expensive skirt one may choose.
The meeting of these stripes on the bias
on the front and back seams is in itself a
nost effective trimming.
The bodice material for the back is
seamed on the bias to correspond, which
carries a charming line from neck to hem
of skirt. The material for the fronts
starts on the bias under the arms and
drapes up toward the center. Velvet '«
then used for the chemisette, or the small
coachman's cape, or the divided collars,
which separate front and back, three of
the smartest styles observed on French
g-owns.
Bias seams are also carried out on the
sleeves. All new sleeves are slit up very
hl«h above the wrists. This gives a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1898.
chance for effective small button group
ing, when buttons arc used as they are
popular, especially beautifully designed
very small ones. When medium sized
ones are used two in a group are suffi
cient. Chemisettes are no longer worn
down to the bust as in summer. They
are carried up higher, and so are revers,
because we must now show more of our
tight-fitting corsage below than we have
been doing.
The tops of sleeves fit closer this pea
son, and one cross row of flat trimming
laid on a little below the arm is thought
very smart.
AMBER
IN DEMAND
|7 N the matter of hairdressing English
I women seem to be very indetermin
jl ate. The Spanish comb that a few
months back was wont to prove a
really serious obstruction to the view in
public places of amusement, seems to
have quite disappeared and only the nar
row, graceful little empire shapes are
used, and even these do not seem to be
as numerous as formerly.
Amber is in special demand just now,
and women with very dark hair have
taken to wearing combs made of this
golden-hued translucent substance with
excellent effect. At a theater the other
evening I noticed Mrs. Brown-Potter, for
instance, \vi'h an enormous string of
amber beads twisted once around her neck
aril hanging far below her waist in front.
They looked odd and a trifle barbaric, but
they suited her remarkably well. 1 have
also seen lately some most delightful am
ber card cases with gold frames and the
initials or monogram set in diamonds in
one corner. For cigarette and cigar cases,
articles indeed of most exquisite luxury,
To wear the hats rolled off the face or tipped down over the eyes? that was the question. Whether
'twas better to show the contours of the face by the rolling brim or to hide them with the hat with the tipped
brim. From the latest models by the Parisian milliners it will be seen that the hat turned off the face
has won the day. This style is well adapted to show the fluffy pompadour style of hair dressing that still
prevails. Feathers are used lavishly on these hats and Dame Fashion is evidently firm in the decree that
the hat that does not boast of feathers of some sort is utterly hopeless. The hats are made of velvet al
most entirely. Felts are only found in the severe walking hats. Even these are draped In velvet and
are sometimes made entirely of two-colored velvet. The only substitute that is used for velvet for the foun
dation of the hat Is a very rich and novel weave of braided chenille. The hats this season are not only
very stunning, but they are of such a variety that it is unusually easy to find something becoming and
at the same time smart
amber is also "used, and I was shown the
other day a case which a wealthy bride
elect had just presented to the fortunate
you t"h who was about to become her
spouse. The case was of amber, with a
delicately wrought framework of gold,
and twisted about it, the edges fitting so
perfectly that the dolls seemed unbroken,
was a serpent of gold inlaid with emer
alds. In one corner, just at the end of
the serpent's head, was a coronet and
monogram in diamonds. It was, of
course, an impossible affair for any man
to carry in his pocket, but as a rare and
beautiful specimen of the jeweler's art
it was decidedly interesting.
Delightful little stamp boxes and bon
bon boxes are also being made of amber,
some of them hanging from slender golden
chains so that they can be worn depend
ing from the neck. These also are set
with precious stones, and some of them
have the amber lids cunningly carved in
quaint designs. All these things, of
course, cost a very pretty penny, but I
dare say Bond-street jewelers will drive
a brisk trade with them in anticipation of
the Christmas season.
SLEEPING MACHINES.
Experiments have been made recently
with some curious devices in the shape
of "sleep machines." Sleep will some
times result from fatigue of the eyes.
Looking at trees or other objects as
we rush along in the train will fre
quently "send us off."
An ingenious gentleman has pro
duced a machine for this purpose. It is
a box surmounted by two fan-like
panels, one above the other, revolving
horizontally in opposite directions.
Those panels are studded with mirrors
that throw upon the retina a vi
brating flood of twinkling light.
A similar effect is produced by star
ing at a brigtit ball placed high abeve
the head, so that some slight strain is
caused by staring at it.
Another apparatus for causing drow
siness is formed of clamps for squeez
ing the arteries leading to the brain.
The clamps remain in position for less
than half a minute, and by that time
the sufferer from insomnia has been
placed in a state of somnolence by the
decreased flow of blood to the brain.
Still another method is to arrange an
electric battery in the bed so that a
mild electric current acts upon the
spine.
In China hens are employed to hatch
fish cp«s. These are sealed in an egg
shell and placed under the unsuspecting
hen for a few days until the spawn has
warmed into life. The contents of the
shell are then emptied Into a shallow
pool, where .they can bask in the sun
shine until the minnows are strong
enough to be turned into a lake or river.
The highest death rate in the world
from the use of alcohol is found in Stock
holm, the number of deaths from this
cause being ninety per t||pusai)d.
Latest Styles ir\ NeW York Jlats.
Powder and Curling Irons
as
An Aid to Beauty
By Mme. Hygeia.
This department is for the benefit of all those who are interested in cos
metics and the hygiene of proper living-. Correspondence is cordially invited.
Ask as many questions as you like and sign any name that you choose. Ad
dress all communications to Mme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call, San Francisco.
DESPITE the rantings of the
strong-minded lady who flies to
the housetop and flings anathe
mas right and left as to the
girl who wields a curling iron
or flaunts a powder puff, there
never was a girl yet whose dear little
nose was the least bit demoralized by a
suspicion of powder gently sprinkled over
it. Have you ever particularly noticed
the aforesaid goody-goody lady, who rails
against creams and lotions, powders and
all such aids to beauty as the invention
of a certain disreputable gentleman whose
name I would not think of mentioning in
a respectable newspaper? Have you ever
observed that this croaker about "beauty
unadorned" is invariably plain to an ex
treme? She is usually a maiden lady, too,
with her hair done up in a tight little
wad, a false front and a nose that shinea
with the magnificent radiance of a newly
polished brass door knob. But she
wouldn't put a particle of powder on that
scintillating member for all the riches in
the United Kingdom; no, indeed, not she!
But never mind, girls, powder is a good
thing just the same, if of the right sort
and used with discrimination.
Why, for my part, I would almost as
soon be without my front hair as to be
bereft of my beloved powder rag. And
by the way, there i:- nothing more delight
ful in the way of a powder rag than a
nice soft piece of white velvet. It is well
to have two pieces; with the one apply
the powder and with the other go over
tTT<> face, smoothing down the powder and
rubhintr it in. If any flecks fall upon the
eyebrows nr eyelashes, brush them out
with a small brush.
Nearly all women have some pet face
powder to which they pin their faith; but
let me tell you one thing. With but few
exceptions, powders that are bought in
the shops are positively poisonous, for
they contain bismuth or lead in large
quantities, and many of tTiem are made
almost entirely of oxide of zinc. A little
of this latter as an ingredient in a powder
can do no possible harm.
The only way to be sure, of your pow-
Reception gown of yellow net with ap
pUqued design of ecru lace and made over
yellow taffeta. The overskirt is of the
net ornamented and edged with the ecru
lace, and the under skirt la also of the
net and trimmed with ruffles of the same.
The body of the waist is trimmed to cor
respond with the overskirt, and the
sleeves and ruching are of the plain net.
der is to make it yourself. The formula
winch I am about to give is not only,per
fectly harmless, but possesses exceptional
medicinal properties. Boracic acid in
most excellent for the irritated skin, so
those, of you who have facial erimtions
can feel perfectly safe in using this pow
der. If carefully prepared it wll be as
line and soft as the downy powder on a
butterfly's wings. It is called
jPoud-e dcs Fees.
One ounce Lubin's rice powder.
One ounce best, purest oxide of zinc.
One-half ounce carbonate of magne
sia (finely powdered).
Twenty grains boracic acid.
Two drops attar of roses.
When purchasing your ingredients, ask
your druggist to powder each separately
in a mortar. First put your rice powder
through a fine sieve and then .through
bolting cloth. Do the same thing with the
oxide of zinc, the magnesia and the bo
racic acid before adding tfiem to the rice
powder. When all are combined, put
twice through bolting cloth. After each
sifting throw away any particles that re
main. It is very necessary that all the
ingredients be made fine and soft and
downy. Add the attar of rose last.
If you desire a creamy tint to your pow
der, add the tiniest suggestion of finely
powdered carmine. If you wish to have
a rose or pink tint, add still more. Per
sons with a pale complexion should use
flesh-colored powder; those with florid
skins should use white, while cream will
be found the most acceptable for bru
nettes. A little rose water rubbed lightly
over the face before powdering will make
the powder adhere more closely.
/tasWers to Correspondents.
F. N. P.— Directions to you last Sun
day should have read "powdered borax
on a bit of linen" instead of "on a bit
of lime."
VIOLA W.— Trim the ingrowing toe
nails lightly at the ailing corner, but
fully at the opposite corner, and then
scrape the center of the nail very thin
from tip to root. If taken in time this
method is almost sure to cure. If it does
not. then I would advise a visit to an
able chiropodist. "When one is afflicted
With an oily skin the first thing to look
to is the diet. Avoid pies, cakes and rich
foods. Eat plenty of fruit. Mineral v.-a
ters also have a good effect on skins
which are too liberally endowed with nat
ural oils. Then use the following lotion
to soften the water in which you bathe
your face: Alcohol, four ounces; ammo
nia, one ounce; oil of lavender, one
dram. Mix up by shaking in a six-ounce
botttle. Add one scant teaspoonful (not
a drop more) of this to two quarts of
warm water when the face is bathed. Use
camphor ice on the tender lips.
AUGUSTINE C.-I think if you will use
the following lemon hair wash- on your
hair it will bring back some of the gold
en tints: One dram salts of tartar, one
quart warm water and the juice of three
lemons. Use this as a shampoo, and then
rinse out until the hair is soft and fluffy.
To stop the falling hatr use this tonic:
Four ounces cologne; one-half ounce tinc
ture cantharides and a fourth dram each
of oil of lavender and oil of rosemary.
Apply to the roots once or twice a day
wits a small sponge. Your hair will not
grow long until the split ends are re
moved. If you are in the habit of wear-
Ing white linen collars or high collars
of any sort your neck is bound to be
dark. Lemon juice rubbed on the neck,
followed 'by massage with a good cold
cream, will bleach the neck, after the
high collars have been discarded. Or
ange flower skin food will feed the tis
sues and develop the muscles of the face.
Formula is given in answer to Valdora.
ALAMEDA.-When the hair is exces
sively oily or the scalp unusually crowd
ed with dandruff, it should be shampooed
at least every ten days. . The simplest
recipe is the yolk of an egg well beaten
up in one ounce of rosemary spirits and
one pint of very wai-m water. Wash the
head thoroughly in this and rinse in sev
eral waters, until every bit of the egg has
been removed. This I am sure will ban
ish the dandruff. If it does not stop its
falling, try the tonic suggested in the
foregoing reply to Augustine C.
R. N. C— With care you can do your
own housework, and still keep the hands
soft and white. Keep a lemon or tomato
conveniently near with which to remove
vegetable stains, and, if you can afford
it. use castile soap for dishwashing. Do
not change the hands suddenly from hot
to cold water or from cold to hot. Keep
a pair of old gloves with the fingers cut
off to draw on when handling coal or
ashes or doing rough work of any kind.
Each night upon retiring rub this cream
well into the hands: Cocoa butter, oil of
swe-'t almonds and refined white wax,
equal parts.
VALDORA F.— What you need to fatten
your face is the orange flower skin food.
Here is the formula: Spermaceti, one
half ounce; white wax, one-half ounce;
sweet almond oil, one ounce; lanoline, one
ounce; cocoanut oil, one ounce; tincture
of benzoin, ten drops; orange flower wa
ter, one ounce. Massage this well into
the skin.
ANNETTE CORDELIA B.— The follow
ing cold cream is excellent to use, after
washing the face: One-half ounce each
of white wax and spermaceti, four ounces
oil of sweet almonds and two ounces of
orange flower water. -Melt all together
very gently and pour into cups to cool.
When cool, pour off the water. Remelt
and pour into jars to keep.
LOLA HENRY— You ask what effect
benzoin has upon the skin. The purpose
of benzoin is to help rid the skin of the
tiny particles it ia continually throwing
off. It is most excellent if used sparingly,
but if too much of it is usod yon will
find yourself shedding innumerable flaky
scales. I wouldn't think of using it on
the hair. Borax is all right if used in
very small quantity, say, a pinch of it
to a basin of water, but toe much of it
will be found to be very drying to the
skin.
I don't care for cocoa butter for the
face. Pure castile soap is the most de
sirable to use upon the skin. It has not
a particularly sweet odor, nor does it
make a nice lather, but it is pure. I gave
a special talk on proper diet in last Sun
day's Call. I hope you saw it.
GLADYS— Witch hazel is splendid for
the eyes. If mixed with one-third part
camphor water it is particularly good for
weak, inflamed eyelids. A tonic made of
equal parts of cocoa nut oil and vaseline
will make the eyelashes and eyebrows
grow. But don't. I beg of you, use it on
the lashes in the condition your eyes are
in, for if it gets into the eyes, as it i.s
pretty sure to do, it will irritate and in
flame" them. Washing the hair in. strong
sage tea will often bring a darker shade
to one's tresses. I' am very sorry that I
could not answer your letter sooner, but
there were so many ahead of you.
YOUNG AMERICAN*— And ' you too
wanted an answer in "next Sunday's is
sue." Well, I can only say to you too
that I am sorry and I hope your patience
is not completely exhausted. The exces
sive redness, of your face probably comes
from a fevered condition of the blood.
Rest your; hopes of a cure on proper diet,
plenty of exercise and a general regard
for all hygienic laws. Take hot footbaths
and bathe the face occasionally with di
luted witch hazel. Bvery night before re
tiring massage the face thoroughly with
a good, pure, cold cream.
MISS J. W.— That is the best T could
make of the name you signed, and hope
you will recognize yourself. Bathe the
red nose' frequently in diluted witch hazel.
Also soak your feet in hot mustard water
before going to bod. A camel's hair face
scrubbing brush, tepid water and pure
castile soap, used »every night and fol
lowed by a smearing of the face with cold
cream, is the only treatment that will do
away with blackheads. I would advise
you to go to a skillful dermatologist and
have the moles removed.
KITTY M.— Were you finally success
ful with the cold cream?
I. U.— The electric needle is the only
permanent cure for superfluous hair.
Pumice stone will remove it but only tem
porarily. Peroxide of hydrogen is a bleach
and can be used upon the superfluous hair
with perfect safetly. Apply with a little
soft sponge every other night for awhile,
and then less frequently. This will light
en color of the hair, so as to make it
scarcely perceptible and very often will
finally deaden the growth. It will not
cause the slightest soreness or disfigure
ment of the skin and will lighten the hair
permanently.
CLAIRE E.— Dissolve a small pinch of
borax in two tablr>spoonsful of cologne
ami with it sponge the pimples on the
shoulders. Also take a daily sponge bath,
eat only such food as agrr-es with you,
and take plenty of exercise. For informa
tion concerning superfluous hair, please
read foregoing reply to I. H. Benzoin
used as you suggest is excellent.
ONE WOMAN'S REVENGE.
Nq one but a woman could have con
ceived so cruel a vengeance. Yet she
tells of it with positive glee. They all
lived in one of those very exclusive lit
tle squares — hotbeds of gossip — where
the houses are every one built on the
same plan, and where each man,
woman and child knows the finest de
tails of the next-door neighbor's exist
ence.
"However she dared do such a thing
I cannot imagine," said the modern
Borgia. "It was when I was ill that
she called upon me, and in my weak
ness I was foolish enough to have my
maid get out my new gown to show it
to her. Would you believe it? She had
the audacity to go directly and have
the gown duplicated down to the very
buttons, and was wearing it on the
street before I had ever been well
enough even to try mine on. But I
am' not the kind of woman to tolerate
.such treachery. I saw that she was
speedily and hideously punished.
"What did I do?" continued the ex
asperated speaker. "Why, I made a
present of my gown to Lucinda, my
cook, and the first time that I saw
'that woman' go out I hired Lucinda
■to put on the gown and walk up and
down the square in full sight of the en
tire .neighborhood. Then, when 'that
— woman' returned home our mutual
friend met her in front of the house
and said to her:
".'Why, my dear Mrs. Dolliver, what
a charming gown you have on. But, let
me think now — where have I seen a
gown similar to yours? Oh, yes, I re
member. Mrs. Hillis' took has just gone
around the corner with one exactly like
it. How strange? Here she comes now."
Up sauntered Luclnd^, twirling a red
umbrella. Mrs. DollNser is having to
use' color restoratives on her hair. They
say it turned white in a minute. You
see, I have a drop of Italian blood in
my veins. I b»lieve in the vendetta."
A leading physician says that pepper la
deadly poison to the system.
Savages, on the whole, live longer than
civilized people.
Theater gown of beige silk poplin, with
sleeveless Jacket bodice of black, ecru
and gold embroidery. The tucked yoke
and sleeves are of beige cniffon over light
blue silk. Belt of black with blue enam
eled buckle. Toque of black velvet.
2728
Gertrude Atherion's New Book Just Out
It's Galled "TKe California^ Critics Produce It jkr Best Work, but San Franciscans Mau JM Agree With Her fen Description
of Our people.
"The Californians"— By Gertrude Atherton.
Ji hn Lane, publisher. London and New York;
For >nic by all booksellers.
MRS. GERTRUDE ATHERTON
has written another book.
It would not be just right to.
call It a story, for there is little
nf what would t>e called a plot.
It has not a single dramatic in
cident that is necessary. Those
that are depicted might as' well be left
out.
"The Californians" must be likened to a
series of pictures spread all over one can
vas. Looked at as a whole there is noth
ing, but a conglomerate muss. Separate
any one of the gems and it is a ma?ter
.if English writing. From a purely,
literary point of view the book is the
best that Mrs. Atherton has written.
But whether it is just in its description
: , crt tin | nother matter.
"The Californians 1 must be praised in
any case. Whether it should i>> p««*ised
with enthusiasm or merely accorded a
il approval Is another question;
mswer to it depends upon whether
the reader expects the novelist to Imaglna
or merely to observe. In the matter of
imagination Mrs. Atherton is easily sur
passed even by such craftsmen as Guy
by and Hall Cafne. Probably, how
she has ii" wish to challenge com
■n with writers of the florid school,
and would wish for no higher commenda
tion than that which one of her own char
vrs upon Henry James: "He's
so fascinating; 1 think it's because noth
ing ever happens, and that's so like real
life."
Certainly nothing of serious conse
quence happens from the first page of
"Tho Californians" to the last, except a
6uieide. To this extent, then, the writer
is a successful disciple, not only of Mr.
Henry James, but also of Balzac and
Thackeray and Mr. £eorge Gissing- and
various other masters; and one feels al
most hound U> apologize for not finding
her work particularly interesting.
Judged by all the canons, it is good work.
The environment— San Francisco In the
eighties— is admirably realized and pre
d; the incidents— such as they are —
are thoroughly well dovetailed; the <iiar
learly individualized: the
is fluent and graceful. Yet one
from the perusal of the book with
the sense that there is something want
. it. Why? The reason is. so far
as we can judge, that tin- tone is pessi
mistic and that the tare qualities which
make pessimism acceptable are wanting.
The pessimism of Mrs. Atherton is neither
amusing nor Inevitable. The heroine, for
whom sympathy is invited, only needed
to he thoroughly well shaken in order
to be made quite contented with her lot.
Very likely that is the ease with a good
many of the unhappy heroines of real
life. But they are the least interesting
C heroines. Their satisfactory pre
sentation in fiction demands the Unflinch
ing analysis ■■!" a Flaubert. In that way
an effect may ho produced which Mrs.
Atherton entirely misses by her excess of
tenderness toward characters that are
only miserable because they are inverte
brate.
"The Californians." however, is Pome
thing more tnan a story. Incidentally, if
not intentionally, it is an indictment of
America and the Americans. There is
hardly a class of American society that is
not scornfully handled In its pages. The
picture of the purse . proud parvenus of
San Francisco is effective. The exposure
of the superficiality and selfishness of the
belles of the Pacific is such as to deter
any man who is willing to accept Mrs.
Atherton as his philosopher from ever
'marrying: one of them. The young men
who admire- the belk-s are merely silly
and vulgar. The characters from Boston
are unattractive and narrow minded. A
blow is even struck— formally, deliber
FRATERNAL NEWS.
ORDER EARTKRN" STAR.
A new chapter, called Iphigina. has been
instituted at Eureka, Xev.. with forty-one
charter members. Mrs. Mary Jones is
the matron and John Hancock Jr. the pa-
Ivy Chapter initiated one candidate at its
meeting last Tuesday and elected four ap
plicants. ■
ODD FELLOWSHIP.' .
Dr. G. W. Daywalt will appear before
California Lodge to-morrow night and re
late his experiences in Manila while there
WltM the California First.
The general committee on Golden Jubi
lee, at its first meeting on Wednesday
night appointed a subcommittee, consist
ing of M. T. Moses. W. H. Barnes, Mrs. .
Mary E. Donoho, Mrs. Williston and J.
11. Simpson to prepare a circular -letter
to be sent to each of the subordinate
lodges Rebekab lodges and encampments
in this State setting forth the purpose of
the celebration and asking co-operation.
The general committee will hold anotner
meeting on November^l6._
THE REBEKAHS.
Oriental Rebeknh Lodge had its hall
crowded last Wednesday night on the oc
casion of a Halloween party. There was
a pleasing programme presented under
the supervision ©f Mrs. Lena Jarvis, the
noble grand, which was made up of mu
sic recitations, vocalization and fancy
dancing by Miss Lillie Greuber, Miss Nina
Cook Mr. Gagan, Abbie Ewing and Mr.
Lloyd after which there was a presenta.
tion of games incident to Halloween, and
there was much amusement watching tne
young people reaching for suspended
apples and their failure to catch them
with their teeth. Then followed dancing.
The very pleasant affair was managed by
Vice Grand May Morgan. Mrs. b Pierce,
Mrs Lydia Plnkham, Messrs. Lulley ana
Rebekah Lodge gave ojae of its
entertaining social functions in Excelsior
Hall last evening, there being a arge at
tendance, as is usual when this lodge in
vites its friends to be entertained.
The same night Templar Re.bekah Lodge
cave an entertainment and fiance in us
hall in Odd Fellows- building. The pro
gramme included a number of choice *e
fections, and" the dance programme was
V Lodge announces an en
tertainment and social in its hall on the
evening of Saturday next. ■
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN.
On the evening of the 25th of November
Sunol Lodge will hold an open meeting
for the benefit of its friends, on which
occasion the Grand Lodge will be repre
sented by the grand master workman.
Stockton Lodge gave its anniversary
pi:tertainment on last Friday evening.
After a literary and musical programme
the audience was entertained by a stir
ring address from the grand master
workman and by Sam Booth with his
usual vocal melodies. The affair was a
complete success.
Deputy Grand Master \\ orkman E.
Danforth will return to this city on Wed
nesday next from his southern trip. The
lodges visited by him have been greatly
lfiipflted by his presence and instruc
tions. _ . _ .
Special Deputies Brewer and Roberts
have been very successful In adding to
the membership of Nevada City and
Grass Valley lodges. The drill teams in
those places are kept busy with Initia
tion*. •
Special Deputy W. A. Imes is now at
Folsom working up a class of candidates
for that lodge, after which he will re
turn to Gait to proceed to - Initiate a class
at that place. He then proceeds to Co
lusa County to assist the lodges in that
vicinity.
Special Deputy R. F. Wells la at pres
Some of the Sharpest Extracts from the Book,-
ately, and not through the mouth of any
fictitious personage— at the alleged chiv
alry of American men.
Here is a paragraph describing the
leaders of California society. Perhaps
this is the way Mrs. Atherton saw
things. Could anything be more cut
ting?
The three large and aristocratically ugly
mansions of Don Roberto Yorba, Hiram Polk
and Colonel "Jack" Belmont stood side by side
on Nob Hill. Belmont was not as wealthy as
the others, but a "palatial residence" does not
mean Illimitable riches even yet In San Fran
cisco. Belmont had married a Boston girl of
far greater family pretensions than Mrs.
Yorba's, but of no more stately appearance nor
correct demeanor. The two women were inti
mate friends until her husband's notorious in
fidelities and erratlclsms when under the pe
riodical Influence of alcohol killed Mrs. Bel
mont. Neither Don Roberto nor Polk drank to
excess, and they kept their mistresses in more
decent seclusion than Is the habit of the aver
age San Franciscan. It would never occur to
Mrs. Yorba to suspect her husband or any
other man of Infidelity, did she live In Cali
fornia a hundred years, and Mrs. Polk was too
■ Indifferent to give- the matter a thought.
And the following bit of descriptive
writing is intended to give an idea of
the typical California young ladies.
Surely this is not true. There are un
doubtedly girls like the ones described
in our State, but to call them types is
not only a mistake but a slander:
"Is that you, Helena?" she whispered.
"Is It? Just you wait till you see me'"
A moment later she ■ had clambered over the
railing and stood before the astonished Magda
lena.
"What— what "
' "Boy's clothes. Can't you see for yourself?
I'm going to the fire, and you're going with
me."
"Of course I shall not. What possessed
you "
But the astute Helena detected a lack of de
.cislon in her friend's voice. "You're just dying
to go," she said coaxingly. "You adore fires,
and you'd love to see one close to. Put a
waterproof on and a Ulkck shawl over your J
head. Then If anybody notices you they'll
think you're a muchacha from Spanlshtown.
As I am a boy I can protect you beautifully.
We'll go to the livery stanle and I'll make old
Duff give me a hack. I've a pocket full of
boodle; papa gave me my allowance to-day.
Here, come in." She dragged the unresisting
Magdalena Into the room, arrayed her in a
waterproof and pinned a black shawl tightly
about the. small brown face. "There!" she
said triumphantly, "you look like a poor little
greaser for all the world. Don Roberto would
have a fit. Do you think you can slide down
the pillar?""
• * •
"Lena!" whispered Helena, ecstatically.
"Isn't this gorgeous?" i
Magdalena nodded. Her brain and heart ,
were throbbing too loud for speech.
"I'm going to fires for the rest of my life," .
announced Helena, as they turned the corner
and walked swiftly down the hill. She was not
of the order which Is content with one expe
rience, even while that initial experience is yet
a matter of delightful anticipation.
When they reached the livery stable Helena
marched in, holding Magdalena firmly by the
band. . "I. want a hack," she said peremptorily
to the man •in charge. "And double quick,
too." The man stared, but Helena rattled the
gold in her pocket,, and he called to two men
to hitch up.
• • •
Magdalena did not speak of her conversation
with her own parent. She did not want to think
of it. This night was to be one of uniform
joy. They were a quarter of an hour reaching
the fire. As they turned into the great central
artery of the city. Market street, they leaned
forward and gazed eagerly at the dense, highly
colored mass of men and women, mostly young, .
who promenaded the north sidewalk under a
blaze of gas.
■ . "What queer-looking girls!" said Magdalena.
"Why do they wear so many frizzes and sailor
hats on one side?"
■ "They're chippies,:.' said Helena, wisely.
■ "What's chippies?"
ent located at Los Angeles, making a
thorough canvass of that city.
DEGREE OF HONOR.
Mrs. E. May on. grand chief of honor,
paid an official visit tp the lodge at Wil
lows last Monday and was well pleased
with the work of the lodge. After the
business she was the guest at a banquet
g'.t up in heF honor.
Ivy lodge had a pleasant Halloween
party last Wednesday night. On the 2d
of November the lodge will have an apron
and nectie party.
Cypress lodge of Newark will have a
class of fifteen candidates next month,
and the drill team of Ivy lodge will con
fer the degrees.
. There has been quite a boom recently
as to the bene, .-iary feature of the order.
NATIVE SONS.
Precita. Parlor, one of • the active or
ganizations of the Mission district, will
celebrate its sixth annlversay on the 15th
of November by an evening dress ball in
Mission Parlor Hall. . ' '
Edward F. Fitzgerald of Sf.n Marcos
Parlor recently returned to his home aft
er several months' absence in the Klon-.
dike, and at the first meeting of the par
lor after his return he was given a sur
prise reception by the members of the
parlor, assisted by the ladies of San Mi
guel Parlor of the same place. There
were addresses of congratulation and
then followed a general good time.
E. P. Magan presided last Wednesday
night in Shasta Hall. N. S. 8., where
Rincon Parlor gave a high jinks, the pro
gramme for which was prepared by P
E. Mertez, Thomas H. Vivian and Charles
Clancy, and it was a very well arranged
one which delighted the audience that
filled the hall to its utmost. In addition
to the good selection of numbers there
were pipes, tobacco, sandwiches and re
freshments.
NATIVE
UGHTERS.
Mrs. Helen Furry of Princess Parlor of
Angels was in this city last week, and
paid a visit to La Estrella Parlor and
other of the local parlors.
Mrs. Lena H.- Mills, grand president,
paid a visit to.Napa recently and laid ..ie
foundation of a new parlor in that place.
Yosemite Parlor gave an entertainment
last Wednesday nigtit in Mission Parlor
Hall, which was enjoyed By a large num
ber of the friends of the members, 'i ne
programme, musical and literary, was
entertaining, and after the programme
there was dancing.
During the past week Mrs. Mills, G. P.,
paid an official visit to Oro Fino Parlori
to Vendome Parlor in San Jose, and to
morrow she will visit Olivia Parlor in Al
varado.
The reception that was tendered to the
grand president on the occasion of her
visit to the parlor at Woodland was a
very grand affair and a most enjoyable
one.
LAS LOMAS PARLOR, N. D. G. W.
The military german that was given last
week by the members of Las Lomas I'ar
lor of the Native Daughters of the Golden
West was a very successful affair. It was
given in Mission Parlor Hall, which was
well filled w"h the membership and their
friends, and they all greatly enjoyed the
evolutions of the german. The company
of • ladies was captained by Miss H. A.
Gimpel and the company of gentlemen by
Mr. Ehlert, and the whole was under tne
direction of Captain General Mrs. J. H.
Burrington, who also filled the function
of floor manager during the evening and
had as her assistant Miss Emma McAl
lster, the president of the parlor. The
decorations were military and patriotic.
THE DRUIDB.
The grand officers in their official visita
tions have visited Mount Tamalpals
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1898.
"Girls that live BOUth of Market street. Tney
work all day and promenade with their beaux
all evening. As I lire, 'Lena, we're going
down Fourth street. We'll go right through
Chippy town."
The following is certainly a master
piece of literary work, and is possibly
true to a certain extent. But is It not
overdrawn a little in order to accentu
ate the author's idea?
During the following work all Monlo, whlrh
had moved down before Mrs. Yorba, railed on
that august leader. She received every after
noon on the veranda, clad In black or gray
lawn, Btlff. silent, but sufficiently gracious.
On the day after her arrival, aa the rlrst vis
itor's carriage appeared at the bend of the
avenue, Ita advent heralded Liy the furious
barking of two mastiffs, a bloodhound and an
English carriage dog, Magdalen* gathered up
her bonks and prepared to retreat, but her
mother turned to her peremptorily.
"I wish you to stay," she said. "You must
begin now to see something of society. Other
wise you will have no ease when you come
out. And try to talk. Young people must
talk."
"But I can't talk," faltered Magdalena.
"You must learn. Say anything, and In time
it will be easy."
Magdalena realized that her mother was
rtfiht. If she was to overcome her natural
lack of facile speech she eoold not begin too
soon. Although she wai terrified at the pros
pect of talking to these people who had
alighted and were exchanging platitudes with
her mother, she resolved anew that the time
should come when she should be as ready of
tiiißue anil as graceful of speech as her position
and her pride demanded.
She sat down by one of the guests and stam
mered "out something about the violets. The
young woman she addressed was of delicate
and excessive beauty; her brunette face, under
a hat covered with corn-colored plumes, was
almost faultless in it;-- outline. She wore an
el it 'rate and dainty French gown the shade
Of her feathers, and her small hands and feet
were dressed t<> perfection. Majrdalena had
heard of the beautiful Mrs. Washington, and
lit ft a. privilege to sun herself In such love
liness. The three elderly ladies she had brought
with her— Mrs. Cartright, Mrs. Geary and Mrs.
Brannan— were dressed with extreme simplicity.
"Yes." replied Mrs. Washington, "they are
lovely— they are. for a fact. Mine have chil-
Walns or something this year and won't bloom
for a cent. Hang the luck! I'm as cross as a
bear with a Bore head about it."
"Would you like me to pick some of ours for
yr,u"" asked Magdalena. wondering If she had
better model her verbal accomplishments on
Mrs. Washington's. Fhe thought them even
more picturesque than Helena's.'
"Do; that's .1 jolly good fellow."
When Mngdalena returned with the violets
they were received with a bewitching but ab
sent smile: another carriage-load Had arrived
and all were discussing the advent of a "Bo
nanza" family, whose huge fortune, made out
of the Nevada mines, had recently lifted It from
obscurity to social fame.
"It's just too hateful that I've got to call."
said Mrs. Washington in her refined, melodious
San Francisco Artists in Paris.
By Arthur F. Mathews.
MY Dear Mr. Martin: I find
things here about as formerly—
not much change worth record
ing—a new system of steam
tramways — two new railroads,
and a vast amount of work going on
for the exhibition of 1900. The students
from San Francisco are working away
and seem to be making headway. Mar
tinez is going ahead and is gradually
making a name for himself among the
students at least. We are now— thanks
to their generosity — in the apartments
of the McFarlands during their stay in
the country. Miss McFarland has some
good work to show; she is getting on.
I have not much to say in regard to
the exhibitions seen so far either here
or in London. The Royal Academy was
distressingly bad— worse than one could
possibly expect, in fact— a large oil by
A. E. Abbey being about the only thing
there worth mentioning. The subject
was Macbeth, and was treated in a
simple decorative way, quite telling,
though perhaps a little too much like
his Shakespearean book illustrations.
Of course there were portraits by Ser
gent and a number of small, healthful
works but so sadly insufficient to rep
resent a city of 4,000,000, with a country
of 30,000,000 directly at hand.
The Salon, well, you know the Salon
is such a load. It is like a Thanksgiving
dinner — one gets so full in the middle
of it that it all appears bad. One must
have time before saying whether
French art is worth much at present or
no. My first impression was— l won't
' say it, for it would be wrong, you know.
We had the advantage of seeing a
splendid exhibition of earlier French art
Grove, Sonoma Grove, St. Helena Grove,
William Tell Grove, Vilta Grove and Per
severance Grove, and at each place found
gratifying evidence of the prosperity of
the order. At each place the officers
were cordially welcomed, and they were
giyen evidence of the knowledge of the
officers in the secret work which w-i.-s very
satisfactory. At each grove they were
treated to a banquet.
On the occasion of the visit to Sonoma
Grove there was a celebration of its
ninth anniversary. A. G. Bolletti. tno
iirst noble arch, gave an interesting his
tory of the grove, its rise and prosperity,
and there were addresses both in the
grove and at the banquet by members of
the grove and visitors from Petalunvi.
Templar Grove at its last held meeting
rece-ved four applications.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
There was a very large attendance in
Union-square Hall last Wednesday night
to enjoy the delightful entertainment
given by the membership of Yorke Coun
cil on the occasion of its second annual
gathering. The programme, a very en
tertaining one, was followed by dancing
until midnight.
The reports for the quarter ending Sep
tember 30 will be due to-day. A penalty
will be visited on the delinquents. There
will be a penalty of 5 per cent on councils
delinquent on per capita tax. after Novem
bf L 3< F Brown has been elected secretary
of Cooper Council, vice S. P. Mangan, re-
Sl R 1C E Fazackerly, M. J. Hoey, Dr. C. T
McCarthy and John Doyle are arranging
tot a party to be given by Borromean
CC FF U ratefnal Council of East Oakland gave
an en lovable social last Thursday night
Grand Director Kugelberg was tendered
a warm welcome on the occasion of nis
official visit to Oakland Council, and after
the meeting there was a "smoker."
Th" supreme officers and representatives
are exoected home this week from the
recent session of the Supreme Council.
Portola council tendered a reception to
Grand President Haskins last Tuesday
The grand president is a member of that
council elected president
of Mission Council, vice Hugh McEnhlll.
re Tlfe n entertainment and ball by the board
of managers will be held in Pioneer Hall
next Thursday night.
THE JUNIORS.
Yosemite Council of Alameda is pre
paring for its third annual party, and the
committee of arrangements is doing good
work.
The smoker that was given by Custer
Council drew a crowd that filled tho coun
cil hall to its capacity. There were many
good numbers on the programme that
were enjoyed by all, and later on there
was an excellent spread.
California Commandery No. 1 has not
made itself very conspicuous of late, but
the membership has been at work never
voice. "Teddy says thr.t I must, because
sooner er later we've all K«t to know them—
Old I '[lion's a red Indian chief In the financial
world; and there's no use kicking against
money, anyhow, But I cr.n'i cotton to that sort
of people, and I just critd last nijfht when
Teddy— the old darling! I'd do anything to
please him— told me I must call."
"It's a great pity we old families can't keep
together," said Mrs. Brannan. a stout, high
noted dame. '"I here arc plenty of others for
them to know. Why can't they let us alone?"
"That's Just what they won't do!" cried Mrs.
Washington. "We're what they're after. What's
the reason they've come to Menlo I'ark?
They'll be 'landed aristocracy' In less than
no time. Hanp the luck!"
"Shall you call. Hannah? aeked Mrs. Cart
right. "Dear Jack never imposes any restric
tions on me — he's so handsome about every
thing; co I ehall be guided by you."
"In time," replied Mrs. Yorba, who also hail
had a meaning conference with her husband.
"But I shall not rush. Toward the end of the
summer, perhaps. It would be unwise to take
them up too quickly."
"I've got to give them a dinner." said Mrs.
Washington, with gloom. "But I'll put It off
till the last gun fires. And you've all got to
come. Otherwise you'll see. me on the war
path."
"Of course we Hhall all go, Nelly." said Mrs.
Yorba. "We will always stand In together."
The conversation flowed on. Other person
alities were discussed, the difficulty Of getting
servants to stay In the country, where there
was such a dearth of "me gentleman frien',"
the appearance of the various gardens and the
atrocious amount of water they consumed.
"I wish to goodness the water works on top
wouldn't shut off for eight months in the year,"
exclaimed Mrs. Washington. "Whenever I want
something- in summer that costs a pile. Teddy
groans and tells me that his water bill is four
hundred dollars a month." And Mrs. Washing
ton, whose elderly and doting husband had
never refused to crant her most exorbitant
whim, sighed profoundly. •
Magdalena did not find the conversation very
interesting, nor was she called upon to con
tribute to it. Nevertheless she received every
day with her mother and went with her to re
turn the calls. At the end of the summer she
loathed the small talk and Its art, but felt that
she was improving. Her manner was cer
tainly easier. Phe had decided not to emulate
Mr 3. Washington's vernacular, but she at
tempted to copy her ease and graclousness of
manner. In tin^Ji she learned to unbend a lit
tle, to acquire a certain gentle dignity In place
of her natural haughty stiffness, and to utter
the phrases that are necessary to keep conver
sation going; but her reticence never left her
for a moment, her eyes looked beyond the peo
ple in whom she strove to be Interested, and
few noticed or cared whether or not she was
present. Bit at the end of the Bummer she
was full of hope; society might not Interest her,
but the pride which was her chief character
istic commanded that she should hold a tri
umphant place among her peers.
She had told neither of her parents of the
books Colonel Belmont had given her. knowing
that the result would be a violent scene and
an Interdiction. At this stage of her develop
ment she had no defined Ideas of right and
in London at the "Old Guild hall." I
think there were some 500 numbers and
embraced about eighty years — that is to
say, from the early part of the century
to 1390.
I saw many old friends there, and it
was truly as fine and representative a
showing of French art as I have seen,
not barring the retrospective exhibition
of French art in 1889 at the Universal
Exhibition.
When the rot has been cleared away
and the good work gets a chance,
French art trill then be recognized as
quite worthy of most of the praise it
has received. Impressionism appears
to be dead as an influence. I mean the
fad of impressionism, not the principle
that seems to stick as it should. I be
lieve a man could be an avowed im
pressionist to-day without being a fool
and innocent of drawing. I wish we
could transport the collection of im
pressionist work in the Luxembourg to
San Francisco; then we could demnn
trate what it is not. I would Judge that
the academicians had made the collec
tion as a joke. It is a hard one, and the
room that holds it is usually solitude.
The new ronm in the same gallery that
holds the foreign works is not so much
better. That dreadful, dreadful "Span
ish Dancer," by Sergent, is in it. Whist
ler's beautiful monochrome port- an of
his mother is present. There is also a
picture by a young American negro,
Tanner by name (recently bought), that
is wonderfully lacking (for a modern
picture) in the spirit of cleverness and
full of fine promise. The rest are just
as respectable as they should be— would
shock no one. Yours,
ARTHUR F. MATHEWS.
Paris, Oct. 4, 189 S.
theless. At its last held meeting six can
didates received their third degree. After
the ceremony there was an enjoyable
banquet.
Custer Council at its last held meeting
was presented by Commander Montell
on behalf of California Commandery
with a very fine altar cloth. State Com
mander Zimmerman and Past State Com
mander Stanley were present.
Xosemite and Monroe councils have ar
ranged fur a series of illustrated lec
tures. The first will be before Monroe
Council on "Boats and Boat Building."
These lectures will be given twice a
month.
Logan Council has been quite active of
late. The membership is arranging for a
reception to all the councils.
Abraham Lincoln Council is now receiv
ing contributions of literature and peri
odicals to place in a Christmas box to
be sent to the soldiers at Manila.
The members are actively canvass
ing for additions to the membership roll,
as after the first of next January the new
laws will go into effect .and there will
be an increase in the matter of initiation.
The State vice councilor has paid offi
cial visits to the several councils in the
jurisdiction and reports a marked in
crease in membership.
MIZPAH CIRCLE, C OF F. OF A.
Mesdames Draper, Brayback. Morgan,
Gibson, Williams, Stone, Madison and
Dunweber, the committee on entertain
ment of Mizpah Circle, Companions of the
Forest of America, presented an excellent
programme at the Potrero Opera House,
on the occasion of the Dewey party given
by the circle. There was a large attend
ance in the handsomely decorated hall
and the programme included many num
bers, the contributors to the evenings' en
tertainment being: Miss Mabel Paul, G.
Moss, Miss Clevie Baxter, Mrs. Williams,
Charles Schiler, the barytone of Court
Bonita, Miss Martha Baker. M. Bambley.
Miss Alice Tlcoulet, and then followed
dancing, the presentation of the Dewey
punch bowl, by Mrs. Williams, and clos
ing remarks by Mrs. F. A. Draper.
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
Unity Council, at its last held meeting,
initiated two candidates.
Social Council will give a euchre party
in its hall, Native Sons' building, on the
third Thursday in each month. It will
give its first quarterly social in Shasta
Hall of the same building on November 30.
Evans Council had a pleasant at-home
last Thursday night, when among other
means of entertainment there was Inau
gurated a game of progressive euchre.
After that, ice cream was served to the
gut-stf. and members.
Golden Gate Council was visited last
Friday night by the Progressive Council
and after the business of the evening was
over there was presented a fine pro
gramme of entertainment, including lit
erary and musical numbers. Mrs. A.
Boehm was the chairman of the com
mittee of arrangements.
B'NE B'RITH.
B'ne B'rith day was observed with ap
propriate ceremonies by the lodges at
wrong-. I.'pon such occasions as she had fol
lowed the dictates of her conscience the con
serjuences had been extremely unpleasant, and
In one instance hideous. She was indolent and
secretive by nature, and she slipped along com
fortably and did not bother her head with
problems.
BOOKS
RECEIVED
THE STORY OF MARCO POLO— By
Noah Brooks. The story of Marco Polo
and his companions is one of the most
romantic and interesting of medieval or
of modern times. The manner of the re
turn of the Polos long after they had been
Kiven up for dead, says Mr. Brooks in his
preface, the subsequent adventures of
Alarco Polo, the incredulity with which
his book of travels was received, the
gradual and slow confirmation of the
truth of his reports, as later expeditions
penetrated the mysterious Orient, and the.
fact that he may be justly regarded as
the founder of the geography of Asia,
have all combined to give to his narrative
a certain fascination with which no other
story of travel has been invested. The
Century Company, Publishers, New York.
Price $1 50.
KLONDIKE NUGGETS— By E. S. Ellis.
In this book Mr. Ellis, the author of
many well-known books for boys, makes
use of a subject of present-day interest
and takes two sturdy young Americans
through many strange and exciting ad
ventures. In the end. after trials and
hardships, courage and perseverance tri
umph and they reach home well rewarded.
Doubleday & McClure Company, publish
ers. New York.
THE LUST OF HATE— By Guy Booth
by. Here we have the same startling
dramatic situations, the same weird
scenes and the unfathomable mysteries
that made "Dr. Nikola" famous. "Adven
tures follow one another with lightning
rapidity, and hair-breadth escapes are
countless. The book is thrilling and in
teresting. D. Appleton & Co., publishers,
New York.
FOUR MONTHS AFTER DATE-By
Randall Irving Tyler. This story is given
Portland, Or., by Hope Lodge at Stock
ton and by Etham Lodge at Sacramento.
The grand president, second vice presi
dent, grand orator and grand secretary
visited Hope Lodge in btockton on the
16th lnst.. and Etham Lodge in Sacra
mento on the 18th, and at each place there
was held a public meeting, each being
largely attended. The several speakers
entertained the audiences with the work
of the order.
The executive committee has sent out
circulars requesting that memorial ser
vices be held in memory of the late Isa
dore Bush of St. Louis, who was one of
the most active workers of the order and
one who did more than any one individual
to place the order on a sound basis. The
Grand Lodge at its session in January
next will take suitable action In the mat
ter.
ANCIENT FORESTERS.
Last Monday High Chief Ranger Boehm,
G. W. Lunt, H. C. T.. and John Falconer.
P. S., paid a visit to University Council at
Berkeley and were greeted by a fairly
good audience. On Tuesday the high chief
ranger visited Court Bohemia, and on
"Wednesday, in company of John Hender
son, H. S. C. R., visited Court Advocate
in Oakland. This court is doing well.
Thursday ni~ht the high chief ranger vis
ited the court in San Pablo.
The high chief ranger wi,. visit as fol
lows in November: 1, Court Eureka: 3,
Court Garfteld; 4, Court ta •of the west;
5. Court Volta: 9, Menlo Park; 10, Court
Triumph; 14, Court Stockton, which will
give a smoker; 15. Napa: 16, court at San
Mateo. which will give a smoker; 17,
rvmrt Vlctorv; 21. Court California at
South San Francisco.
The Picnic Association will give a party
in Foresters' Hall November Zi.
Court Dewey was instituted at Tacoma
by Deputy Taylor
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
Last Monday Washington Circle had
two initiations. Next Tuesday this circle
will be the guest of Mizpah Circle of Oak
land.
The supreme grand officers paid a visit
last Friday to Twin Peaks Circle and
were well received, and after the meet
ing were delightfully entertained.
Last night Loyal Circle gave its um
brella party which was well attended. A
feature of the evening was an exhibition
drill by the drill team of the circle.
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
Lincoln Lodge on last Monday inducted
into the mysteries of the order two stran
gers and received four applications. The
lodge will give a Halloween party to
morrow night in Washington Hall.
Pioneer Lodge gave a pleasant fan social
last Tuesday night to its friends in Wash
ington Hall. Each person attending was
given as a souvenir of the occasion a neat
Japanese fan decorated with ribbon. The
committee of arrangements was Mrs. M.
Carnell, Miss L. Rosevear, Mrs. Hahn,
Miss M. Fipps and Mrs. Baken.
MIZPAH LODGE, F. OF F.
On the evening of Friday, the 21st inst..
Qertrude /Uhertorv.
From a Photograph.
the incongruous subtitle of "a business
romance." It recounts the adventures of
a young man who started his married
life $100,000 in debt. The book is well
written, and interesting from first page
to last. Stuyvesant Publishing Company,
New York. Price, $1.
MILITARY EUROPE— By Nelson A.
Miles. A narrative of personal observa
tion and personal experience by the great
American general. The most interesting
portion of the work is that devoted to
the Turkish and Greek armies in time of
war. General Miles has seen and studied
and knows what he is writing about.
Doubleday & McClure Company, pub
lishers, New York.
NEW YORK NOCTURNES— By Charles
D. Roberts. Mr. Roberts has gone look
ing for beauty in places where it would
not be expected — and he has found it.
Most of the poems have an echo of sad
ness, but for all that there are gems be
tween the covers of his little book. Lam
son, Wolffe & Co., publishers. New York.
SONGS OF ACTION— By A. Conan
Doyle. This is the first book of poems
published by Dr. Doyle, whose novels
have been so vividly read. They have the
true swing and rush and deal with war
adventure and the life out of doors.
Doubleday & McClure Company, publish
ers. New York.
POEMS AND PROSE SKETCHES— By
James Whitcomb Rlley. Volumes IX and
X of the new Homestead edition are to
hand. This edition is about the most de
sirable ever issued of Rlley's poems.
Charles Scribner's Sons, publishers. New
York.
FEATHERED PETS— By Charles W.
Page. A concise and valuable work that
should be studied by all who keep birds
in cages. Copiously illustrated and full
of information. Charles W. Page, pub-».
lisher, Dcs Moines, lowa. Price. 75 cents,
SONGS OF WAR AND PEACE-By
Sam Walter Foss. An interesting and
valuable collection of poems that have ap
ueared in some of the leading American
papers during the past few years. Lee &
Shepard, Publishers, Boston.
THE PEOPLE OF OUR NEIGHBOR
HOOD—By Mary E. Wilkins. A. charm
ing bit of American character painting.
Curtis Publishing Company, Philadelphia.
Price, 50 cents.
OUR CONVERSATIONAL CIRCLE—
By Agnes H. Morton. The Century Com
pany, New York.
A WOUNDED NAME— By Captain
Charles King, U. S. A. An interesting and
the old Masonic Hall at the Mission was
crowded with members of Mlzpah Lodge.
Friends 01 the Forest, and their friends
who were assembled to be entertained by
a programme of instrumental music,
vocal selections, fancy dances and recita
tions arranged by a committee consist
ing of N. J. Schmehl, Mrs. M. Penny. J-
M Custer ML Killmeyer, and Mesdam.s
Schmehl. Slater. Miller. Finney, Bacon
and Kidd. Moore s Mandolin Club, Miss
Tully. Fred Hess. W. VV. Brackett. J M.
Custer F. L. Griffith. Mrs. Jolly, Miss
Lena Clark, Miss Nettie Wltchell P. A.
Dunsworth, Ashton Boardman, Lillian
Dwyer, Mrs. Tully. Mabel Pfeifer. Iva
Parker and Georgie Bacon furnished the
entertainment, and each number was
loudly applauded. Then followed a dance
and the serving of ice cream.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
At the last meeting of Golden Gate
Camp one candidate was initiated. The
committee on entertainment reported that
3000 tickets of invitation had been issued
for the entertainment to be given in Na
tive Sons' Hall on the 17th of November,
that the best obtainable talent had been
engaged and that all arrangements had
been completed.
It was also announced that Dr. G. W.
Daywalt, who returned on the Rio de
Janeiro with the convalescent soldiers,
would visit the camp to-morrow night and
relate his impressions of Manila.
On Sunday, the 13tn of November. Gold
en Gate Camp, with appropriate ceremo
nies, will unveil monuments erected to the
memories of S. R. Cnmpta and P. Mc-
Hugh, one in Cypress Lawn and the other
in Holy Cross Cemetery.
Redwood Camp, under the dispensation
received from the head consul, has re
ceived ten candidates. •
Organizer J. D. Rutherford is organiz
ing a circle of the Women of Woodcraft,
to be auxiliary to San Francisco Camp.
The executive council will at its meet
ing November 12 make the necessary
changes to conform to the new reserve
plan system.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
A new lodge is being organized at
French Gulch, Shasta County.
Bay City Lodge No. 117. at its last held
session, conferred the knight rank in
long form on several candidates, and the
same rank was conferred last Thursday
night on a number of candidates by
Unity Lodge No. 61.
Section 893 of the Endowment Rank cel
ebrated its tenth anniversary last Mon
day in Los Angeles by an entertainment
and dance. L. H. Bachelor was the
chairman of the evening, and Supreme
Representative Stanton L. Carter deliv
ered an interesting address. There was a
good programme of song, music and lit
erary efforts, after which there was a
dance.
WOMEN OF WOODCRAFT.
The entertainment and dance that was
given on the 22d inst. by Redwood Circle
in Friendship Hall. I. O. O. F. building,
was a very pleasant social function.
There waa a good attendance and the pro
readable tale of Western life. F. Tenny
son Neely, publisher, New York.
AS A MAN LIVES— By Mary C. Ferris.
A story. Editor Publishing Company,
Cincinnati: For sale by William Doxey.
Price, 75 cents.
LETTERS OF GEORGE WILLIAM
CURTIS TO JOHN S. DWIGHT.
Edited by George Willis Cooke.
George William Curtis remains and
must always remain one of the most
worthy and lovable figures in American
literature. These early letters show his
independence, his love of humanity, his
courage in maintaining his own convic
tions, ins chivalrous and romantic spirit,
his literary skill and charm, his profound
spiritual convictions, that would not be
limited by any sectarian bounds, and, in
addition, they constitute the record of one
of the most interesting periods of an un
usually interesting life. Mr. Curtis
formed friendships with Ralph Waldo
Emerson, George P. Bradford. John S.
Dwight. Charles A. Dana, C. P. Crancn,
Margaret Fuller, Thomas Wentworth
Higginson, George Kipley. Henry Thor
eau Nathaniel Hawthorne and many
others— friendships which were destined
to ripen and develop later on; and his im
pressions and experiences are duly re
corded in this series of letters.
Mr. Cooke. who edits the letters, gives
in the first third of the book an interest
ing account of the early life at Brook^
Farm and Concord, with reminiscences o£ J
the men Curtis met. George William Cur
tis went to Brook Farm in 1842, when ha
was 18 years old, and the two years ha
spent there formed an important episode
in his life, for although he did not sur
render himself to the associationist Idea,
but remained rather an individualist, yet
he loved the men and women who were
at the head of the community, and it ia
safe to say that without Brook Farm and
transcendentalism his Hfe would have
been less worthy of our admiration. The
winter of 1543-44 he spent at his father's
house in New York, and in the spring of
1544 went to live in Concord for purposes
of study and recreation.
Then come the early letters to Jonn S.
Dwight forty-one in all. dated 1843 to ISI7
inclusive arid in conclusion twenty-one
letters ef later date written at various
times from 1850 to 1886.
Harper & Bros., publishers, New York;
price $1 25.
gramme was of excellent music, vocal
solos, duets, recitations and an address
by Thomas F. Hatton. the several num
bers being contributed by Misses Monil
horst, Ahrens, Hilda Thurston, Daisy-
King, Dora Hoening. Emma Hoening and
Mrs. Lillie Hatton. The committee on en
tertainment was Viola Daniels. Mrs, G.
W. Baltic. Miss Trimmer. Mrs. G. Lover
ing and Miss Blake.
LADIES OF THE MACCABEES.
The first party that was given by Phebe
Hearst Hive last week was an exceeding
ly pleasant social gathering. There was
a" short programme of entertainment and
an" address by Mrs. Eudocia Moffatt and
a number of selected dances. The som
mittee was Mrs. J. Constance. Mrs. \on
Seiberlich Mies Link. Miss McFarland,
Mrs Rinner. Mrs. Bayford, Mrs. Ebright
a.nd Miss Christiansen.
DAUGHTERS OF MONTEZUMA.
The entertainment and dance that was
given last Monday night in the Assembly-
Hall of the Red Men's building by the
Daughters of Montezuma, Degree of
Pocahontas. was one of the most enjoy
able affairs that has ever been given by
this council. The" talent that rendered the
many numbers of music, song, recitations
and specialties was far above the average
and the efforts of each was deservedly
applauded. There was dancing until a
late hour.
FOREJ3TERS OF AMERICA.
Partial reports for the quarter just
ended received at the office of Grand Sec
retary Cordy show a net gain of 143 in
the jurisdiction. ,
ROYAL ARC AN CM.
General Organizer Parrish will soon
come to this city, from Oregon and will at
once take steps to organize a grand coun
cil for the State of California.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
Ex-Grand Secretary S. B. Carleton, who
has been in Chicago attending to the pub
lication of the official organ of the order,
returned to this city a few days since, but
he has been confined to his home ever
since by illness.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, wtth
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
Now Ready. Price 10 Cents.
Seaside Library, No. 2185.
CYRANO DEBERGERAC
BY EDMOND ROSTAND. -■
—ALSO— ,
• No. 2186, * ..*
THE SONG OF MIRIAM.
BY MARIE CORELLI.
For sale by - all " newsdealers ■ and booksellers,
or sent , by mail, postage paid, on receipt of
10 cents each. : .-; •; ,- . ,' ■ . '.
Address GEORGE MUNRO'S SONS.
P. O. Box 2781. 17 to 27 Vande water at.. N. T.THE ORPHEUM AND THE
LEGITIMATE, AND
BLANCHE BATES AND IBSEN.
IGO to the Orpheum nowadays]
about once in a fortnight, partly to i
see the show, and partly to bask In
the sunshine of prosperity and
pleasure. That the Orpheum pleases
most of the people most of the time ;
has ceased to be a question: it
Is a large opulent fact, the sor
row of all the other managers in .
town, and the delight of the gTeat care
less public. While the other managers
are parting with their hair and their
diamonds the vaudeville enterpreneurs '
on O'Farrel! street grow sleeker and
more besparkled every hour; and even
hen the other theaters are booming !
*it is the same old case of sardine space
and standing room at the Orpheum.
Haven't you noticed when people are !
In doubt where to go that they gen- j
erally turn up at the Orpheum? The '
disadvantages are so few; one grows
accustomed to the unbeautiful audi
torium, the scurrying waiters with the '
beer; and a man who is properly armed
can give back as much bad smoke as j
he gets. I love to go there and lounge
and imagine that I am not working:.
Vaudeville exacts the minimum of
attention from the auditor, and, when
he Is in the right vaudeville mood, gives
him the maximum of comfort. And
there is something restful in the com
mercial security of the house, and the
unpretentious good nature of the crowd.
All sorts of people go to the OrDheum j
now; none are too swell and respectable '
to deny themselves that dissipation: I
and while you see everybody there,
from your employer to the foreign
nobleman who varnishes your boots,
yet the audience has but two very dis
tinguishable identities — and
the gallery. The crowd is so big that
individuals do not seem to count, and
(he veil of smoke helps out the family
v . -.semblance. The Orpheum audience
' has been the same composite for sev
eral years. But the shows . have
changed. The little sawed-off comedies
that at one time had to be fierce and
vulgar or else unheard are now the
crack items of nearly every bill; and
the less "legitimate" turns are of a
softer nature than before. A few years
ago who would have believed that the
Orpheum crowd would have stood for
Miss Mary Norman and the clever
mimetic feats which she is pleased to
call "society caricatures"; or for Mr.
and Mrs. Boyle in thirty-seven minutes
of farce which is almost pure comedy?
In fact who would have believed a few
years ago that Mr. and Mrs. Ro«yle
would ever play in the Orpheum or any
other vaudeville house? Mr. Royle Is
a Princeton man, the author of a
charmin- American. comedy. "Friends."
an actor of peculiar idiomatic force,
fleet-witted, natural and possessed of j
graces and culture that practically
would have cost him his life with the ■
Orpheum gallery of a few years back.
Mrs. Boyle (Selina Fetter" is a Ken
tucky gentlewoman and a distinguished j
actress. Her personality Is to me ir
resistible: she has the May Irwin mag
netism legitimized and sublimated. Her
voice is full and free, and she acts with
real Southern hospitality. Having once
seen an authenticated lord on the staere
y .vho played the part absolutely without
conviction, I am not a snob in the mat- |
ter of play actors; but I do ask as
plausible a presentment of a well-bred
character as of any other sort, and am
not particular whether the player is
being natural or affected. It is not to
the disparagement of the Royles that
their manners are not a professional
disguise: the principal point Is that
they fix the play. j
• • •
A clubman from New York, who
makes a specialty of enjoying life, was
BALDWIN
THEATER.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY IN '
THE PRISONER OF ZENDA
£"^o.n a MONDAY
FAREWELL WEEK OF THE
FRAWLEY COMPANY
And BLANCHE BATES
FIP.ST SIX NIGHTS AND
SATURDAY MATINEE.
Initial Presentation Her* of th« Comedy,
HLTRANSIT
OF LEO..
An Excellent Comedy Cant! Trettllr Staged!
SUNDAY. Nov. «— Farewell Night.
"AN ENEMY TO THE KING."
SPECIAL— Friday Afternoon
November * and 8 o'clock, first IBSEN per-
formance In thle city.
A DOLL'S HOUSE
BLANCHE BATES as Nora.
A Strong Cast Throughout.
EXTRA!
Two Weeks- BEGINNING MONDAY, NOV. 7.
MISTAKES
WILL HAPPEN!
A Great Company Headed by
Charles Dickson and Henrietta Crosman.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE. .
Mr«. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor nnd Manager.
TONIGHT LAST TIME.
,| GIROFLE
I GIROFLA
MONDAY, OCTOBER 31.
<ijt. nbacb'B Great Opera
"GRAND DUCHESS."
Popular Prices .....26c and Me
A Reserved Seat for th« Matinee, »c.
Our Telephone. Bueh 9. I
BY ASHTON STEVENS.
my neighbor the other night when I
saw the Royles in "Captain Impu
dence." He tried to discourage my
enthusiasm by talking Badly about the
decadence of vaudeville. He said that
the variety had lost all Its character
through the introduction of these le
gitimate turns, that they knocked all
the ginger out of the bill, that they
were against the first principles of a
vaudeville show, which are snap and
speed. He sighed for the days of the
black-faced monologulst in the linen
duster, the bounding acrobat, the con
torting young lady who swallowed her
toes, the half-skirted girl with daring
dances and more daring songs. "Why
this show is absolutely respectable. " he
said, disgustedly. "You could bring
your family to see this." I told him
that families always had been features
of the Orpheum audiences, but that it j
had taken a couple of years to work
up the proper appreciation of the "le
gitimate" sketches, and that these
sketches were usually the most expen
sive ones on the programme. "I don't
care what they cost," he growled:
"they are .nothing but stuffers to pad
out the show with. If you want vaude
ville you want that and nothing else.
It's ail very' well to go to a music hall,
but how is a man to know. that he will
see a variety show after he gets
there?" I told him that our sorrow
for several years and our trouble with
the theatrical trust had been in not
knowing where to go to escape a.va
riety show, and that the. Orpheum had
not gone in for the legitimate until the
Baldwin and other big. theaters had
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA
THEATER.
TO-NIGHT-LAST TIME.
MATHEWS & BULGER
IN
By the Sad Sea Waves
BEGINNING
TO-MORROW
Engagement for One Week. Matinee Saturday.
YORK jyp
EMPIRE ' "E
THE GREAT
SEX AGAINST SEX DRAMA
Sydney Grundy'f Masterpiece.
Presented by a Cast of
PARTICULAR EXCELLENCE.
PERFECTLY STAGED.
Monday. November 7.
KELLAR, the Great Magician.
V altkb Mokobco, Sole Lessee aiid Manager
To-Day and To-Nls;ht— Last 2 Times of
"STREETS OF NEW YORK."
TO-/VIORRO\A/ NIGHT.
FIRST TIME HERE OF
Lawls Morrison's Great Eastern Success,
="THE INDIAN."
KOMANTIC STORY.
EXCITING SCENES,
PICTURESQUE COSTUMES.
POPULAR PRICES "Telephone Green 861,
Reserved Seats, . . . 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . 100.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1893.
practically given it up. But I couldn't
convince him. He said that only act
ors who were "has beens" and failures
went into this work, and that the pub
lic in New York was sick of it, and
that it was merely a question of weeks
before San Francisco would feel the
same. "The 'legitimate' fad is on the
wane now in New York," continued
my companion; "you mark me, that
when one of these broken-down lead
ing men looks for a vaudeville job next
year the manager will ask him if he
can do a double back-action song and
dance. This legitimate fake is played
out. If the actors want to stay in
vaudeville with short hours and long
salaries they had better fall in and
ara the business in the good old
ay."
But these bodeful remarks didn't spoil
ny fun in the least. Nothing could be
luicker, cleaner and more complete
nan Mr. and Mrs. Royle and their
ompany of two in "Captain Impu
ience." I saw the piece in its premiere
and in its entirety some three years
back at the California, There were at
least sixty-seven seperate plays in it
then, ranging from melodramas to
?omic operas. The mills grind slowly,
but I am glad to see that at last Mr.
Royle has parted company with the
unworthy sixty-six.
* * *
A somewhat legitimate and quite
humorous turn entitled "Our Honey
moon" is contributed by John C. Rice
and Sally Cohen. Mr. Rice* you will
remember as the happy person who
was kissed one whole season by May
[rwin and another by Marie Dressier
in "Courted Into Court." Miss Cohen
was in the company, but her oscula
tory chances with Mr. Rice were few.
Now she has him all to herself and
CALIFORNIA
THEATER.
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT,
; 15c C^|^ c
***** vlvv
// TUB ME \W^\
// otpGANAL WTs?
/ v cte?^ \)
35c \o^» 50c
The Latest Laughing Creation,
HOGAN'S
mm m mm A~% '- ■ '- Ja - '- S
With its Yellow Kids— The Only Mickey Dugan.
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c and 50c.
I Coming-FINNEGAN'S BALL
OLYMPIAN co^i°d3' .
Americas Most Beautiful Music Hall.
ONLY FREE THEATER PLAYING EAST-
ERN BTARS.
DIRECT FROM NEW YORK AND A GREAT
SENSATION.
The Four Florencesl
World's Greatest Acrobats.' .
LAST WEEK G* THE FAVORITE
IRENE FRANKLIN.
The Great Hit of the Season In New Songs.*
IRENE FRANKLIN.
AND A WONDERFUL SHOW
Of Ten Great Acts.
MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION FBEJS. i
uses commendable moderation, I think.
Mr. Rice Is really funny this time in
that limber, nasal way of his. Mr.
Rice still writhes archly, but with
hardly as much insinuation as last
year; in fact condensing has greatly
improved his quality.
• •
And still speaking of things con
densed, they have a miniature version
of Anna Held at the Orpheum in the
person of little Charlie Rossow, one of
the famous midgets of that name. He
is the tiniest, funniest and humanest
of all the female impersonators, and
later on in the show he displays his
masculinity in a heart to heart boxing
match with his brother.
The wierd, the curious, the cog
nescenti, the Ibsenites, the critics and
the "purfesh" will turn in to the Bald
win in force next Friday afternoon to
see Blanche Bates and the Frawleys in
"A Doll's House." No matter what
happens it will be a record event,
marking the first performance of an
Ibsen play In San Francisco. Miss
Bates has done wonderful work this
season, especially In "The Dancing
Girl," where she revealed a new streak
of temperament and led me to hope
that some day she might play "Car
men." Whether she can play Nora for
anything like what Is in the part Is a
more serious question; it Is easy — so
easy — to overplay, and to underplay It
brings about an even worse result. In
America particularly, the difficulty lies
AMUSEMENTS.
San Francisco, Ca!., Estab. 1887
WALTER «» ORPHEUM CO., Proprietors.
•g •§ ' ' WEEK COMMENCING MONDAY. OCTOBER 31. jf jf
MM NEW/ GREAT AND ALL-POWERFUL MAGNETS i M
THE CZAR OF ALL THE WORLD'S MAGICIANS,
CARL HERTZ
Conjurer, PrestldlKitateur and Illusionist, in his Entertainment' of 'Wonders, Including hia
Sensational Illusion. "VANITY FAIR." which had a run of Five Hundred Nights at the
Alhambra Theater, London. . Mr. Hertz la assisted in Ills performances by the beautiful
.... agXjluEj. D'ALTON . . . .
For Two Seasons the Principal Featura of Hyde's Comedians.
THE NEWSBOYS' QUINTETTE
t SINGERS, DANCERS, COMEDIANS, ARTISTS 5
PEARL ANDREWS SELLS & YOUNG
The Queen of Mimicry. The Continental Pa.ntomlm!sts and Acrobats.
"""—R A YMON MOORE—- «•— -■-
BALLADIBT """AUHL A lllV/11 ATAV/ \J L\Lj m " m Owu Composition.
JOHN C. RICE ROSSO W MIDGETS
AND AND
SALLY COHEN Charlie Rossow
In "OUR HONEYMOON." In New Specialties.
MR. AND MRS. EDWIN MILTON ROYLE and Company
Presenting Mr. Royle'g Latest Farce-Comedy, "THE HIGHBALL FAMILY." V- ••;':•".
MATINEE TO-DAY (Sunday), Oct. 30th parque a ;a;a ylOC{
Twenty-fourth
Grand
Anniversary
8a11....
OF THE
NORDDEUTSCHER VEREIN
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1898,
AT
Saratoga Hall, 814 Geary St.
Admission 60c. Ladles Fr««.
COMMENCING AT I P. M.
in making the character, probable. Peo
ple delight In complicating Ibsen, who
writes practical plays for the practical
theater. I hope that Miss Bates and
the company v.ill realize that the wiz
ard of the north is as simple as Sardou
or Shakespeare, and that of all Ibsen's
pieces, "A Doll's House" comes the
nearest to being "popular." There is
really no reason why we should follow
up the performance with a fight about
its meaning. Also I hope that Miss
Bates will not tire herself with the
tarantella in the second act. The dance
was her sad moment In "The Dancing
Girl," and if she all but cut this one
she will be merely following the pre
cedent of nearly all the great European
actresses who have played Nora.
ASHTON STEVENS.
The BaidWin.
The final performance of "The Prisoner
of Zenda" by the Frawley company will
be given at the Baldwin Theater i<i
nlght. To-morrow night the company
will enter upon the lasi week of Its
Btay In this city, and as these will be the
final appearances for nearly a dozen
months, local theater-goers will no doubt
turn out In force. The bill for the first ,
six nights and the Saturday matinee is !
Augustin Daly's latest comedy "The
Transit of Leo," a work from the Ger- j
man. The piece is highly spoken of and j
Is said to contain all the best elements of j
that class of comedy with which we have
become so well acquainted. There are
some excellent character bits in the piece
and the comedy element Is offset by a
pretty love story. "The Transit of Leo
will be preceded each evening by a new
one-act play from the pen of G. outer.
Plan called "A Backwoods Betrothal
which tells a Btory of life in the heart of
C The a Frawley season at the Baldwin will
close on Sunday night, the Sth of Novem
ber with a request performance of An
E ?£Sf is°the e cai? g for the performance of
"A Doll's House," which will be given in
the Baldwin on Friday afternoon:
Ton-a ldfi H e , ™^ c Xll
N° r f- hh T '* W J fe Louis Payne
CLS.:::::::::::: Sam Edwards
Anna their nurse &£ DenS
A maid servant '"".'.'.'.'."'.'.'.'..'."■ .Mr. Conway
A porter
And here is a press account of^ the Play:
It la an Ibsenian treatise upon the ex
isting conditions in matrimonial alliances.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFOt.N* . oUvKi-V CLUB
Winter Meeting 1898-99, beginning SATURDAY,
October 29, to November 12, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or Shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAT.
Races Start at 2:15 p. m., Sharp.
Ferryboats leave Ran Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1. 1:40, 2, 2:80 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
Track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning — Trains leave the Track at 4: IS
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after laat race.
THOS. H. WILLIAMB JR., President.
R. B. MXLKOr, Secretary.
The moral of the play seeks to pom* out
the absolute necessity of thorough self
knowledge in each, and mutual confi
dence in each other, that to secure true
happiness there must be but one line of
thought between husband and wife, each
bearing an equal important relation, to
the other. In "A Doll's House" Nora, the
wife, worships Torvald, her husband, as a
superior and almost supreme being. To
save him from punishment for an excus
able crime committed in his youth, she
commits forgery. Making this sacrifice
in his behalf she discovers that her Idol
has been one of brass with feet of clay,
and that in truth she is the superior be
ing, so much so that there can never
again be/any harmony between them, and
so they part.
jKe Golumbia.
Sydney Grundy's "Sowing the Wind"
commences a week's engagement at the
Columbia to-morrow evening. This play,
which promises to rank as the great ef
fort of Sydney Grundy's life, is now in
its third season in this country. In New
York, Chicago and other large cities it
was the theatrical sensation of the year
1893-94, and its popularity Is still great.
It selects from the two sexes an able
champion and representative of each and
puts them against each other in one of
the fiercest and most relentless intellec
tual conflicts ever depicted on the stage.
The woman has been thrust into the
world without the boon of lawful parent
age, and through the irony of fate the
man responsible for her situation is now
the guardian of her lover standing be
tween her and the only happiness of
which she has ever dreamed, objecting
to her marriage because of the very con
ditions that have resulted from his own
youthful perversity, though his relation
ship to her is not made known to him
until the denouement of the play. The
woman, stung and maddened by the terri
ble injustice that rests upon her, and yet
unconscious that she is speaklrtg to the
author of her first great wrong, bursts up
on him in a moment of wild emotion, with
a most fearful arraignment to the sterner
sex for its pitilt-ss treatment of woman-
I hood. The man. wounded by the truth
fulness of the charge, and writhing in
'the secret consciousness of his own guilt,
rallies from the staggering effects of the
i assaults and rushes to a desperate de
i fense. The- contest is on. the battle cry
i Is "sex against sex." The cast includes
i Howard Hall, W. H. Turner, Thomas
! David, Julien Barton, A. D. Richardson,
I William J. Cornejl, R. A. Bennett, Walter
i Matthews. Amelia Gardner, Janet Bar
rington. Eugenic Hayden, Ella Bailey
Robertson and others. ,
Jhe California.
The yellow kid will be Introduced to
■ the local stage at the California to-night
in the farce comedy "Hogan's Alley."
The yellow kid pictures are hardly as
well known here as in New York, but
still they are familiar, and doubtless
many persons will be interested to see
how Micky Dugan fares as the central
figure in a farce comedy.
In addition to the latest songs, ballads
and rag-time ditties, several new fea
tures have been given the road produc
tion, including Hogan's Alley and Cycle
Club and illuminated roof garden.
The /\lcazar.
The Alcazar will help along the elec
tion- fever this week with Henry Guy
Carleton's political drama, "Ambition,"
which was written for and played- by
Nat Goodwin. The hero of the play is
an honest Senator, Obediah Beck by name,
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
J£nda g^! t ' MAY^BLOSSOM
» TO-MORROW NIGHT
AND DURING ENTIRE WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
N. C GOODWIN'S
SUCCESSFUL COMEDY
"AMBITION!"
Illustrating life as it is In political circles at
Washington, D. C.
Prices : 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
CHUTES^ND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING.
BIG BILL in theFREE THEATER.
The LE ROYS. Triple Ring Athletes; AR-
TURO SALVINI, Lyric Tenor; LILLIAN F.
SMITH, Champion Rifle Shot of the World,
with her ' SISTER and FATHER; McBRIDE
and JAMES, the Celtic Kings.; KELLY and
VIOLETTE, and EUSAPIA, Political Trans-
formation Dancer. "■-*■:■->
EVERY THURSDAY— Amateur Night.
TWO MONSTER PYTHONS IN THE ZOO.
10c. including Zoo and Theater; Children, sc;
Sundays and Holidays, 10c. :
j SUNDAY, OCTOBER 80,
*■ MOUNTED SWORD CONTEST!
0 Cart. Waller— Sergt. M iffatt.
Balloon ascension and parachute jump i
"* PROF. HENRY, the magician— Triple
D horizontal bars — Acrobatic — Aerial
artists— Arnoldo, I the equilibrist—
Solo — Clowns— New - vaudeville stage —
• Morro castle— Donkey riding for the chll-
Adren and other amusements and attrac-
tions. ADMISSION.... ...,10c.
. Children Under 6 Years Free.
YTake San Mateo Electric cars. Mission,
Valencia and Sutter st. cars transfer.
■ No Liquors Sold In Glen Park.
ROSENTHAL.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE,
fiVENINCJ DSC. 29 * AFTERNOON DEC, U. j
who. in his efforts to pass a bill that
will free Cuba, engages the enmity of the
father of the girl he loves and the fath
er's accomplices. Temptation is strong,
but duty conquers. Ernest Hastings,
George Osbourne. Gretchen Lyons ana
many others of the Alcazar company are
in the cast.
Jhe TiVoli.
One of Offennach"s delightful comic
operas, "The Grand Duchess," will bo
the bill this week at the Tivoll. Anna
Lichter will have the title part, and the
new soubrette, Anna Meyers, will sing
Wanda. Elvia Crox will be the Prince
Paul; Edwin Stevens, the Baron Puck,
and Phil Branson, the 'Fritz. William
Pruett appears as the comic General and
W. H. West,, as the Baron. With the
excellent company now at the Tivoli these
revivals of classic comic opera are more
than entertaining— they are educational.
J^eW Comedy
The Henderson company, an organlza
j tlon that played a lung season at the
I Great Northern Theater in Chicago last
I year, opens at the New Comedy, Mon
| day night, In Sardou's well-known work,
! "A Scrap of Paper," continuing that play
i until Thursday evening, when '"The
j Crust of Sotfiety" will go on and finish
| out the week. Both plays have been seen
'■ in San Francisco before, so it remains
1 only to give the list of players and which
! are: Edward AL Hell. Rustell Ba.-srtt.
: Adelaide Firzallen, Carrie Clarke Wiirile,
| Frankie M. Raymond, Alma Shyrma,
i Grace D. Pierce, Frank C. Thompson,
j Harry F. Adams. Kingsley Benedict,
Charles Fleming, Frederick Tjader and
Jean de Lacy.
/^orosco's.
"The Indian," a comparatively new
play, by Lewis Morrison, will be seen
here' for the first time::u Alurosco's to
morrow night. It is a spectacular melo
drama of " Washington and the Western
frontier, and the story is said to be based
on facts. It throws the warm light of
melodrama on thievery at the Indian
agencies and warfare as practiced by the
Sioux. Mr. Brophy will impersonate the
two Indian heroes, Blue Feather and Red
Feather, and Miss Arwood will be 'the
Amtrieaji girl. Two newcomers are in
the cast. Henry Napier, late with Mod-
Jeska, and Miss Isis Mayjiard.
Jhe Orpheum.
Of the new people who will appear at
the Orpheum Carl Hertz is regarded as
the star attraction. He will appear in,
his famous illusion, "Vanity Fair," in
which his assistant. Mile. d'AJton, while
standing before a mirror, suddenly dis
appears. A peculiarity of the work done
by Carl Hertz is that it is all done on
the open stage without the aid of cur
tains or screens and in full light. The
Newsboys' Quintet is regarded as a musi
cal novelty. They have made a hit in
the East. Raymun Moore, the popular
song writer, will sing his own songs,
and Pearl Andrews, the mimic, will imi
tate famous actresses. Sells and Young,
acrobats and pantomimists, are from the
Wintergarten, Berlin. John C. Rice and
Sally Cohen remain, and so do the Ros-
BOW midgets. Mr. and Mrs. Royle will
present a new comedy skit.
Jhe Olympia.
Irene Franklin begins the last week of
her engagement at the Olympia with a
new programme.
Chutes.
Lillian F. Smith and her shooting sis
ter and father are giving exhibitions of
marksmanship at the Chutes Free Thea
ter. They will be retajned next week,
with Mcßride and James. Irish comedi
ans and Eusapia, in her "political trans
formation dance." The Le Roys, triple
ring athletes, and Arturo Salvini, tenor,
will be new. '
Jhe Voorsanger Goncert
To-morrow night at Sherman & Clay's
Hall Miss Charlotte O. Voorsanger will
give a concert which will contain many
excellent features. Miss Voorsanger will
be assisted by Chevalier Maurice da
Vries. Signor M. Martinez, Mrs. C. Rop«r
and others.
AMUSEMENTS. ' ■
COMEDYJTHEATER.
(Formerly the Popular Bush.) • ■ - -
Evenings ...- 15c. Zsc, 35c and 500
SOUVENIR MATINEES
WEDNESDAY, SATURDAY & SUNDAY.
26c to all parts; gallery. 15c.
LA.ST OF ("GOOD-BYE?")
"Where'sMatilda?"
Commencing To-morrow (Monday) Night.
i (Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday Majtinee and
THE HENDERSON COMPANY
Presenting Victorien Sardou's Brilliant Comedy
"A
SCRAP
OF
PAPER!"
CVEDV DI AY THE PLATERS:
tVtKI rLAI Ed M. Bell.
nr i nTICITI f V Russell Bassett,
BEAUTIrIILLI Harry F. Adams,
cx l rnn Kinsley Benedict.
STAGED ch a a n r^Ffe^,ng.
AWT) Miss Adelaide Fit*.
A " . alien.
AO MIR ARi V Frankie M. Raymond,
AVIMKADLI Olive Madison.
PPFSFNTFI) Carrie Clarke Ward,
rnCJCPICU' Alma Shyrma.
Chicago Hern d. grace D. Pierce.
HjlMl— | iiJmi lIMIMIII EtC, EtC.
Thursday and Friday Evenings, Saturday Mat-
inee, Saturday Night,., Sunday Matinee
and Sunday "Night,
THE CRUST OF SOCIETY.
Each Presentation' With Entire New Scenery.
NEXT WEEK,
Lincoln J. Carter's Realism,
THE HEART OF CHICAGO.
Seats, Comedy Theater and 710 Market st.
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY— SUNDAY,
THE GREAT MATCH RACE
• BETWEEN
Rock Island Boy and Mayflower
For $1150.
ALSO- — '. ' -i'ri''"" '■■ ■ ■
SAPLING AND OPEN STAKE.
Take Mission street car and it will land you
at the gates. Admission 2Sc. Ladles free.
~ SUTROJBATHS.
SUNDAY, OCTOBER 80, AT 2:30 P. M.,
SWIMMING RACES - t
FOR VALUABLE PRIZES i
AND MUSIC BY THE GAULOISE BAND.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. . sc. .
Open Daily From 7 a. m. to 6 p. m.
CONCERT
OI"VEHST BY
MISS CHARLOTTE VOORSANGER
Assisted by Chevalier Maurice de Vrles, Sig.
M. Marttr.ei, Miss C. Roper and others.
MONDAY EVENING, OCT. 31, 1898,
: AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO"S HALL:
TICKETS....... .............50 cenU
BASEBALL!
RECREATION F*ARK. ; - •',
■ The Ota Rivals,
STOCKTON vs. OAKLAND.
TO-PAY. AT 2:15 P. M. .
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver higher.
Wheat futures lower.
Other c«reals dull.
Choice Hay firmer.
Beans doing better.
Alfalfa Seed advanced.
Wool still dull.
Shipment of ftt.Xß to China-
Bank clearings about even.
Financial quotations unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions quiet.
Butter lower and Eggs higher.
Poultry and Game about the same.
Fresh Fruits unchanged.
Silver Prunes lower.
Walnuts higher. .
08 active and rising*
In visions unchanged.
Hides weak and quiet.
No change in Hops.
>-!• at quotations as before:
THE WOOL TRADE.
V. REASONS WHY THE BUSINESS
SO DULL.
! he private circular of Jacob Wollner cays:
"Our local Wool .market is. still dull. Fail
wools are arriving quite freely. .The sales at
lied Bluff, Ukiah and Cloverdale were post
poned until the middle of November, as the
buyers and sellers could not agree on a price.
"From . the Eastern markets the latest re
ports are that there is more wool selling, more
inquiry, and that there is no doubt but ll.^t
there will be large sales and a good demand
shortly, especially if the cold weather, which
has •-! in in the Eastern and Western States, ■ j
will continue so that people will have to buy. I
heavy clothing. ' • •
"There are several reasons for the wool mar
. kets of the United States being so unsatis
factory. ' The principal reason i*> the after
math of the free wool tariff, It paralyzed the
wool industry for four years and a good deal
of wool accumulated; then, on the eve of the
Plngley bill going into effect, millions of
pounds, of foreign wool and millions of dollars
worth of foreign -manufactured goods, -- • •
dally the cheaper grades, were brought into j
tills country. After the Dingley.biU went into j
operation a it of speculators went .into the
market and advanced wool from 75 to" 100 per
cent, when the tariff only made a difference of
from 25 to 40 per cent. In fact, from the first
Of August until the first of December, 1S!»T,
there was only a speculative market, some
wools being turned over three or four times at j
a srood profit. Manufacturers laid in large
supplies of wool, many of them: at enhanced
values, discounting the future by 25 to 40 per
cent. Then came an open winter with mild
weather, so, of course, heavy weights would
not 11,- and although the year 1897 was very
prosperous for the Western farmer he thought
more of paying off his mortgage than of buying
new clothes or blankets, and the consequence
v.<.- that manufacturers and jobbers accumu- I
lated large stocks besides the imported goods.
"At shearing time this year- the growers |
asked high prices, in some Instances 100 per
cent more than prevailed druing the previous
three years, and so most of the clip went into j
dealers' hands at high figures. When the light !
weight season I r.ed in August last everybody
expected a move' or a demand at good prices,
but they counted without their host, as then
l!:- cheap manufactured goods of Europe im
ported- last year, came Into play- and knocked,
the manufacturers out of business, as they.
could, not set orders for light weight goods
Wool still continues to accumulate, • with no
demand. . " :
"Although the country is prosperous, the p< •
ple, after four years of ' hard .times, have
learned the lesson of economy, and although
they bought clothing during that time it was •
of the cheaper and poorer quality, and they
have not yet come- to buying better goods, and
still want suits of clothes from $6 to $S and
ladles' dress goods from 20 to 50 cents per
yard. . -; -■■"."..•
"After the tariff went Into effect last year
most of the woolen mills which had "deduced
wages raised them again as they were before
the free wool tariff went into effect, and of
course it added to the price of manufactured
goods. . ■ ■.;:•:•
"Wool statistically is in good position, and
anybody who wants to sell at from 2J to 40 per
cent of prices prevailing during the free wool
tariff will easily find customers. Although ]
dealers are well loaded up with high-priced .
wools, it is only a question of time when ■
prices realized Will be most satisfactory to
both growers and dealers. • ■■•'•
from 41 in 1897 I
anil }3 ;.trr head, i.wing to .the .competition
among the sheep men who were driven "Ut of
- during the reign of the free wool
tariff, and who want I '.\eir ranges.
There is also no .: for lambs and
mutton. Sheep raising to-day ia
most prosperous industries In the United States,
and will remain so as long as there is protec
tion for
THE 11 AY MARKET.
The circular of EJcott .<i Mapner says of Hay:
"Receipts of Hay during th^ last six days
have been 22 > hie part of
t en Alfalfa Hay.
"The market for the last ten days' has been
easy. The demand in every direction ha* been
lighter, and the feeling generally has been de
pressed. Much more effort has been necessary
to place consignments on their arrival, and
concessions on prices have had to be made.
The market at this time ;- decidedly Flow.
"There has been a little strictly gilt-edge
Wheat Hay on the market, which has com
manded is per ton. Such Hay is exceptionally
Fcaroe. as out of the entire week's receipts
there has only been about one-half-dozen cars
of such kind. . .
" 'Foreign' Hay — There has been some Hay
arriving daily from Oregon .and Nevada, and
such Hay as found sales at the following
figures: Wheat Hay. $13 to $I.*; Cheat Hay.
$12 to $12-50; Alfalfa Hay, $9 50 to $10 50; Oat
Hay, $12 50 to $14 per ton on tile, car here.
"Alfalfa Hay— Receipts of this class of Hay
have continued to be very large. and the
market for Bucn is exceptionally dull and sales
therefore slow. Prices are very easy. Choicest
river Alfalfa Hay, baled in rope, IS selling at
$11 to $11 50; No. 1 river. $10 50 to $11; Sacra
mento or San Joaquin Valley offerings, $10 to
?lu 80.
Straw— Arrivals havi ely ac
tive, and the demand has been Just fair. Prices
have continued about ai been, viz.:
• .ilier Llarl'-;- t . 7')'': No.
if Wheat and of Barley Straw.
60c; Chaffy, Short Straw, sells down to 30c
per bale. "
IMPORTS OF GROCERIES.
Imports of groceries at this port during the
first nine months of the year were as foil iws,
compared with th'_- same ilm» in lsf<7: Sugar,
246.7ii.!.'»X) pounds., a«-' Coffee,
16.717,8( 0 !■ lunda, against 17,'
pounds, against 35.960,500; Tea, : ■
pounds, against 11.
TREA SURE SHI PMENTS.
The Doric took out a treasure list of ■'
consisting of -$:i1,1"4 in Mexican dollars and
$2975 in gold coin. • ■
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $10.
*0.').4.i2. against $16,711,295 for the same week
last year.
WEATHER REPORT.
(12^th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 23.-5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, 58; Heil Bluff 78; Sacramento, 74;
Fresno. 82; San Luis Obfspo, 7S; Independence,
74: Los Angeles; 7-, Sai Diego, 68; Yuma, 88.
San Francisco data — Maximum .temperature,
70; minimum, 56; mean. 61 '■.*/"-'
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. .:;V V \
The weather is cloudy and threatening over
the entire Pacific Slope. The treasure has
fallen slowly but generally during the day and
is now below, the normal along the coast,
while an area of high pressure overlies the
Rocky Mountain and plateau region.
The temperature has risen slightly over Ore
gon and - Washington and fallen over Califor
nia, Nevada and Utah.-
The storm noted last evening Is moving'
■lowly Inland and rain will extend probably
an far southward an the Tfhachar/i.
Forecast made- at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight October 30, 1S38:
Northern California— Rain Sunday; fresh
southerly wind; cooler.
Southern California— Cloudy, with rain on
the northwest coast Sunday; fresh southwest
v.md.
Nevada— Rain Sunday: cooler. -■. ••■
Utah— Cloudy, with- rain la the north portion
Sunday.
Arizona — Cloudy Sunday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Sunday;
fresh southwest wind; cooler.
Special from Mount Tamalpais- wind :
southwest, IS mile*; temperature, ■;•.: maxi
mum temperature, CS. O. 7r. WILLS' >N. ■
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
:n\V YORK, Oct. 29.— With the ex?eptlon of
■t Monday the average of prices on the Stock
••■ :.ang<? has. shown a net advance for each
«!nce Wednesday, October 19. There was
. era! -expectation, therefore, that there
■'•1 be the selling to take profits to-day
. is customary among professional traders
end of the week. The buoyant tone of
it the specialties held the market firm In
>t hour of the short session. Consoll
■ Gas and Third Avenue Jumped six points,
rmer.on talk c* the termination of the
-as war". Tobacco continued its ajrgres
bJv« advance on the strength of the develop
ments showing the accretion of plug tobacco
companies. The stock was very active and
ißrge blocks were absorbed to make way for
the upward course of the stock. The process
of bidding up the price of the Federal Steol
■ec'irltifte s.lso continued. Advances in those
and in Metropolitan Btreet Railway. New Jer
iey Central, Minnesota Iron and International
Paper preferred were between one and two
points. Meantime the railroad list was very
• dull and showed only Blight changes, although
nearly all changes were gains'. The publica
tion of the Burlington statement for Septem
ber resulted' In Immediate, activity In the
grangers at the expense of values. Losses
reached about a point in the other members of
the group amd IV4 in Burlington itself.- There
was a 'general reaction in the railroad list In
sympathy, but the railroad stocks generally
; were not active and losses were confined to
i fractions. Burlington's decrease of $484, In
gross earnings, compared with ■ September of
.last year, «an a distinct disappointment,, the
more so as St. Paul's weekly statement had
shown an Increase of about the same amount
for- the same period." The delayed movement of
wheat in Burlington's territory and the large
proportion of its business that is given to corn
were advanced to explain the poor showing.
Prices continued heavy in the railroads to the
close, but net declines were restricted to frac
tions outside the grangers and 'specialties. The
bank statement was without . infiuen-ce on
stocks, though the growing strength of the
clearing house institutions was evident.
The foreign exchange market alone hart been
affected by the foreign situation, and In this the
growing dependence of foreign financial mar
kets upon the resources of this country's mar
kets was strikingly illustrated. With the sud
den drop in British and French Government
securities on Monday and early on Tuesday
and the upward, surge of discount rates In
London- and at all Continental centers, the
actual charge for demand sterling jumped up
]' 4 cents on the pound on account of the heavy
selling of securities here for London account,
and the high money rates for money abroad
had their effect on the exchange market, and
with the later developments In Paris there was
buying of London exchange reported here for
Paris account, while Paris exchange in New
York weakened, reflecting the pressure of timid
Paris capital for transfer to London. The price
of sterling exchange has since dropped a cent
with the calmer feeling abroad. Another short
lived factor which was made .much of by the
bears on Monday was the Supreme Court de
cision against the Joint Traffic Association.
The gloomy forebodings of the bears regarding
the effect on railroads of this decision were
forgotten by Tuesday morning. Doubt the
fact that trans-Missouri railroads, whose asso
ciation had already been outlawed, were mak
ing money in abundance, while the legal exist
ence of the Joint Traffic Association here
proved of no avail to prevent rate cutting,
and decreased earnings on the trunk lines had
its influence in reforming the bears' opinions.
The rate cutting among the trunk line? ana tn •
continued depression in the anthracite and
bituminous coal industries are the ;.-. -i ihr
enlng- clouds on the horizon of the stock mar
ket.
Bonds have shown increasing activity and |
strength during the week, the volume of deal- j
Ing on Friday rising to $5,315,000. Bonds of ;
Western and Southwestern roads and reorpan- I
ization bonds generally have been the favorites. .
.There have been large dealings in the Gov
ernment 3s coupon, and the record price, 106%,
was made to-day. United States 3s have ad
vanced % and the old is coupon and the us
coupon 14, while the old 4s registered and the
new 4s declined % In the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 215.500
shares, including: Atchison preferred .'.777,
Manhattan 4895, Northern Pacific 4887, Hock
Island 5143. Union Pacific 3435. St. Paul 11.-17.
! American Tobacco 65.7G0, Federal Steel 11,513,
Feder.il Steel preferred 12,628, People's Gas
3652, Consolidated Gas 3255. Sugar 10,020.
CLOSING STOCKS.
! Atchison 12% Do prefd 824
Do prefd : -354 Do 2nd prefd 29%
Bal & Ohio 44% St Louis & 9 \v.. 5%.
Can Pac 81% Do prefd ;: ; ,
Can Southern .... 53 St Paul 10914
Cent Pac 26 i Do prefd 160
Ches&Ohio 21*4 St P & Om 81
i Chi <fc Alton 152% Do prefd 160 .
Chi B & o. 115% St I' M & M 168
I Chi & X 111 53 So Pacific 23%
Do j.refd .., 104 1 -., So Railway 8% I
j Chi G \V 14" Do prefd 34% i
Chi Ind & L 714 Tex & Pac 13 797 9
Do prefd 26 Union Pac : : L 4L 4
Chi A; N W 131% Do prefd 64
Do prefd ..' ;~: ; - UPD&G Ist as pd 5%
C C '■ A St L.... 38% Wabash 714
' • Do prefd 84 Do prefd 20%
Del & Hudson .. :<■!•'■, Wheel & L X.... 3% I
Del L & W 141 • Do prefd IS%
Del & Rio G 12V. Express Companies — '
Do prefd 55 " Adams Ex 110
Erie (new)..' 12■ , American Ex 131
Do Ist prefd .. 32% United States .... 43
Ft Wayne .... 174 Wells Fargo 120
Gt Nor prefd 137 Miscellaneous-
Hocking Val 3 A Cot Oil 38%
111 Cent 108% Do prefd 87% I
Lake. Erie '& \Y... 14 Am Spirits 11%
Do prefd 61 Do prefd 34 I
Lake Shore .- 192 Am Tobacco 13«4
Iy>uis &- Nash.... 56 Do prefd 128 '
Manhattan L 95% Con Gas isb^ :
Met St Ry ..:. 160% Com Cable Co ..ISO |
Mich Cent 107% Col F & Iron 20%
Minn & St L.... 27 IV. prefd go
' Do Ist prefd ... 90 Gen Elec 81%
■Mo Pac 33 Haw Com Co 47
i Mobile & Ohio ... 2."> Illinois Steel 96
Mo X & T 10% Intnl Paper 63%
Do prefd 32V .no prefd 87
N .1 Central .... 86 La Clede Gas .... 48>4 I
N V Central 114' 4 Lead 82%
X V Chi & St L.. 1!V Do prefd 109%
Do Ist prr-fd ... 60 Minn Iron 132
Do 2nd prefd ... 31 Nat Lin OH 6%
Nor West 12 'I'arfic Mall .... • 3314 i
No Am«»r Co 6% People's Gas 1034 j
No Pacific 40*4. Pullman Pal .... 198 1
Do prefd 75% Silver Certificates 61 '
Ontario. & W 14", Stan R&TCo .. 8% I]
Or I : & Nay 53 " Sugar Ill 1 ; i.
Or Shore Line .. 2S Do prefd 107*4 I
P Cop.st Ist prefd 7S TC & Iron 28 ' ;
Do 2nd prefd .. 58% 1I" S- Leather 8% ;
Pittsburg 170 ! Do prefd 66 I
Reading 16% V S Rubber 41 i
Do Ist prefd . . . 39 Do prefd 1"2 I
ROW 27 West Union 92% '
Do prefd 60' ! Federal Steel 32 h
■Rock Island ...... 102% - prefd 78% ■
St L & S F 7%|8 R T 66% I '
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 3s 106% N J C 58 114
U S new 4s, reg.,127 N Carolina 6- 122
Do coupons 12SV4 Do 4s 103
V S 4s ill No Pac Ists 117
Do coupon 112 1 Do-3s 66? i
Do Ids 93 Do 4s 10»\
T B 6s reg 11" : 2 NVC& St L 45. .105%
Do 5s coupon 113% Nor &W 6» 123 j
District 3 '■:.- 117% Northwestrn c0n5.. 143% I
Ala class A 108. Da deb Cs 120%
Do B 108 " Nay lsts 11l
Do C 100 O Nay 4s 100
Do currency 100 O S Line 6s. tr 128.;
Atchison 4.< .-. 94% 0 S Line 5s tr... lOS^i
■Do adj 4s 72 * Pacific 6s of 95.. 102%
Can So ids 10'JVi Reading 43 ■ 81%
C & N 1' tr *'«'- R c, W lsts .... ". SSV t
C a Ohio 5a 116% St L & I M Con ss. 98%
C H & D 4U, 104*4 St L & S F Gen 120%
' D &' R <; 15t5....:. 11l , St P Con 161
D & R Q 45., 97% st P C & P lsts.. 119%
East Term Ist? 107% Do 5s US
Erie Gen Is 7"'. 4 So Ry op 98%
F& W D Ist! tr.. 76 Stand R & T 65.. 77 •• ;
Gen Elec 5a -....109 Term new set 35.. 94
G H & S A 68.. ..102 Tex I" I, 0 15t5. .107
Do 2ds 102 Do Rg 2dß 15%
H & T «' 5s 111% Union Pacific 45. ..1K' I
Do Con 6s 110% V P D & G .80%
lowa C lstH 101% Wabash Ist 5s 114%
La new con 45..10>> Do 2<ls 8»%
L & N Uni 4? 90% W- Shore 4s 11l
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries 78v4
M X & T 2ds 64%! Do deferred' 8
Do 4s 90 Wls Cent Ists ....60%
N V Central 15t5.,117%1
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar ' ■. .. 07 Ontario 3 50
Crown Point ...... 05 Ophir Si
Con cc a l & Va 8n I Plymouth 12
Ueadwood 45 Quicksilver 12".,
Gould A- Curry IS Do prefd 400 *
Hale & Norcross. 92 Sierra Nevada.... 70 ;
Homestane 50 00 -Standard 175
.Iron Silver 65 Union Con 20
Mexican 15 1 Yellow Jacket ... • 10 |
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— 1 Wls Central 2 j
Call loans 2423 Ed Elec Tel 195 |
Til loans 2 1 Gen nrefd... 170 ;
Stocks— lAtch prefd 53%
A Top &St Fe... 12% Bonds—
.Amer Sugar 113% Atchison 4s M%
Do prefd 108 New England 65.. 114 I
Bay State Gas.. 1 5-16 Wl« Cen Is 60%
Bel Tel 279 ' Mining shares—
Bos & Albany.... 242 Allouez Mm Co.. 474 7
Boston & Me 163 Atlantic '.... 28%
Boston & L ' fi9 i Boston & Mont... 226
Chi Bur & Q 115% Butte & Boston .. 34? i ;
Fitchburg 10(*i Calumet & Hecla 685
■G«n Elec 82 Centennial 19%
Mcx Central 45i4 5 i Franklin 14% '
Old Colony 593% Old ' Dominion ... 27%
Rubber 41 n*ceola cs^i -
Union Pac 32 iQulncy 121 I
West End 2 Tamarack 172 !
Do prefd 105 I Wolverine 27H i
Veptlngh Elec ... ::'■'.'? I Parrot t : 23%
Do prefd 57 • Humbdldt 5 *
ASSOCIATED BANKS' STATEMENT.
NEW YORK, Oct. Sit.— The Financier snys: i
Tr.e statement of the Associated Ranks of New
York for the week ending Oct iber ZS shows a I
notable Increase In the various Items. Loans ■
reflect a fain of 110,227,310, making the total
exo.mMon- for the month of October almost !
; . The increase in cash f.;r the week j
vas. $6,03-1,400, made up principally of specie
receipts. The gain in cash and the loan ex
pansion account for the week increased $15,
in deposits. The heavier deposits, of
course, raised the reserve requirement, but not
enough to offset the cash gain, in consequence
the ' surplus reserve of the banks is $2,679,225
hlf.her than for the previous week and stands !
at $26,0!n.560, or nearly $22,000.00ti more than [
reported on September 1" last. Changes that j
have occurred within the past thlrtv days are I
well shown In the deposit item, which In the
time named has Increased over $">9. 000.000. Nat
urally these conditions .reflect the completion
of the bon i transaction and the effect of Gov
ernment deposits and gold imports. Of greater
interest, however, is the effect which has been
made by the money market in having declined
to low figures after a period of partial string
ency. The outlook under present conditions
favors an easy money market. The natural •
drift of mon»- now that crop necessities have
been met is in favor of New York, and even
with a business revival the supply will ex
ceed the demand.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. 29.— The EVenlne Posts
London financial cablegram Is as follows:
The steadiness In the stocks here was well
maintained to-day. Prices were generally bet
ter, notably fcr Argentines. Americans were
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1898.
good on New York support, but were cam
paratlvsly featureless. Mines were better on
the improved situation in Paris. A feature
Was the great strength of copper shares, Ana
conda's being much In favor, and said to be
bought from New York.
The city still -regards the Fashoda question
somewhat askance, in spite of the apparently
Improved outlook. The London market dis
count rate Is 6% per cent on the Bank of
England borrowing afresh to control the mar.
ket.
CLOSE:
Canadian Pacific m. Grand Trunk — ; bar
silver, steady, 28 3-16 d; money, 3@3Vj per cent.
Spanish fours closed at 41 15-16.
PARIS. Oct. 29.— Spanish fours closed at
42.30.
MADRID. Oct. 29.— Spanish fours closed to
day, at 66.40.
NEW YOKK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Oct. 28.— FLOUR— Receipts, 24,
636 barrels; exports, 15,180. Dull and weak at
lower prices to sell. Winter patents, $3 75@4;
winter straits, $3 66®3 65; Minnesota patents,
$3 SKMi'-l 25; winter extras. $2 80®3 10; Minnesota
bakers, $3 10(53 30; winter low grades, $2 25®
4 25.
WHEAT— Receipts, 242,350 bustfels; exports,
257,699. Spot easier; No. 2 red, 75% cf. o. b.
afloat. Options were weak and heavy to-day
under liquidation, big Northwestern receipts
J and a sharp drop in cables accompanying peace
I news and closed a shade steadier on covering,
with prices %@%c lower. Sales included No. 2
I red May, 7l4i^aT2c, closed 72c.
! HOPS— State common to choice, IMS crop, 7@
! 8c; 1537 crop, ll&13c; IS9S crop. ISS2OC. Pacific
Coast, 1596 crop, 7(&8c; 1597 crop, ll@13c; ISaS
i crop, lS®2oc.
"WOOL— Quiet; fleece, 17i§23c.
METALS— To-day's market was a very small
: affair, although the general ruling of sentiment
bullish on scarcity of offerings and unfa
vorable news from nearly all points. As usual
on Saturday the Metal Exchange issued no re
! port.
The firm n-aming the settling price for leading
miners and smelters in the \\ est quotes lead
at $3 50, Copper $12 25 and casting copper $11 25.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points higher. Sales, 11,000 bags, includ
ing March, $5 60. Spot coffee— Kio, dull and
! easy; No. 7 invoice, h\'tf~i%c; No. 7 Jobbing,
: 6Vifi>6Hc; mild, barely steady; Cordova. 8® 15c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3 13-ltic;
I centrifugal, 96 test, 4 5-16 c; molasses sugar,
3 9- 16 c; refined, firm; mold A, SV; standard A,
4"»e; confectioners' A, -»7,, c.; cut loaf, s'*c;
j crushed, 5>,-c; powdered, 6 ! -»c; granulated, sc;
• cube, S'-fec.
BUTTER— Receipts, 24,886 packages. Firm;
j Western creamery, 15@23c; Elglns, 23c.
EGGS — Receipts, 3551 packag-es. Steady;
Western. 20! jc.
DRIED FRUITS.
i NEW YORK, Oct. 2S.— California dried fruits
| steady.
j EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7@Sc per
i tt>; prime wire tray, 7%@7%c; choice, 7%@Bc;
fane] .
PRUNES— *%@9%c-
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 11® 14c; Moorpark, 18@17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, S' 2 «llc; peeled, 14VtJ>
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Oct. Wheat got a weak start
from an apparent disposition at Liverpool to
chime In with the bearish sentiment prevail
ing here. The firm tone of English Govern
ment securities also contributed ' by their
strength to the desire to sell wheat at the
opening. Prices continued to drop throughout
the forenoon despite considerable buying
against puts that the opening decline brought
into play. Northwest receipts liberal, 1141
cars, but a snowstorm was reported to be pre
vailing in the Dakotas, which created appre
hension of bad roads and a consequent failing
off In receipts in that region next week. Some
buying of short wheat was done because of
that possibility. The seaboard reported a fair
export business and New York advised sales
of 35 boat loads, of which one cargo was for
Russia. Near the end a large line of cash
wheat was disposed of here for export to tha
United Kingdom right at the market price.
When that became known the sentiment among
traders was quickly changed, and in the en
deavor to cover that followed the price L urged
ahead and the early loss was regained. ■ De
cember closed %c lower. Fine weather and
Liverpool cables rushed corn down at the
start. The offerings easily depressed prices.
Later, however, the market became strong on
a good cash business. Near the close the
buying became more pronounced and prices
wound up at a slight advance.
Oat« reserved the strength from the firm
ness in the shipping situation. Cash held at a j
strong premium over May and there was a |
fair speculative trade in futures. May closed
i,; advance.
Provisions ruled fairly steady on a light i
speculative, trade and liberal receipts. It was
reported that 2,500,000 pounds of ribs were dis- j
posed of yesterday on October contracts, but
contrary to expectations this announcement
did not have any influence on the market.
Pork gained sc; Lard 2%c and ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. —
October .... .... 65%
December 66 66% 65% 66%
May 67 67 68% 67
Corn No. —
October 31% 32 31% 32
December 32"- 8 324 81% 82%
May 34 34% 33% 24%
Oats No- 2—
December 2314 23% 23*4 23%
May 24% 21% 24% 24% j
Mesa Pork, per barrel-
December 7 85 7 85 7 85 7 83
January 900 ' & 02% 895 9 02%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
December 4 80 4 So 4 80 4 85
January 4 90 > 493 490 4 92%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
December 4 62%
January 4 80 4 65 4 60 4 65
Cash quotations were an follows: Flour,
steady; special brands, $4 10@4 30; hard patents,
f3 50@3 75; soft patents. $3 4*33 50; hard straits,
$3 20; bakers, $2 BO; No. ! spring wheat, 65%®
66M1C; No. 3 spring wheat, 63&65% c; No. 2 red,
67©67% c; No. 2 corn, 32%@32%c; No. 2 oats, !
24%@24%c; No. 2 white, 27@27%c; No. 3 white,
26@27c; No. 2 rye, 66% c; No. 2 barley, 46®48%c;
No. 1 flaxseed, 11 01%@l 02; prime timothy
seed, $2 40; mess pork, per bbl, $7 80&7 85;
lard, per 100 Itis, $4 85®4 90; short ribs sides
(loose), $5(^5 25; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
$4 50^4 75; short clear sides (boxed), $3 10^
5 20; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gal- I
lon. $1 25; sugars, cut loaf, 6.4 c; granulated, 1
6.14 c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 12.900 18,000
Wheat, bush 127,500 207,000
Corn, bush 258,000 805,400
Oats, bush 262.000 256.000
Hye, bush 27.000 77.700
Barley, bush 57.000 8,500
: On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
j market was quiet; creameries, 20;3'21o; dairies,
12@13c. Eggs, easy; fresh, 17% c. Cheese, quiet;
j creamers, 7^!g9V«c. ' : j '
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts, Shipments,
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 524.250 . 44.550
Duluth 450,484 3<>4.1!i2
Milwauke 37,700 30,060
Chicago • 127,500 107,483
Toledo ' 58,944 .3.800
St. Louis 124. 69.000
Detroit 21,115 1,534
; Kansas City 160,500 96,500
Totals 1.499,433 757,139
Tidewater —
I Boston 69,394 132,411
New York 242.350 167,599
! Philadelphia :.. 133,713 143,188
Baltimore .' 18,004 16,749
\ New Orleans
Galveston 63,592 55,000
Totals 517,053 644,945
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Dec Mar.
Opening 6 1% 5 11%
Closing ....
PARIS FUTURES.
j Flour— . Oct. Jaa.-Apl.
Opening 47 So 46 50
Closing
i Wheat—
Opening 22 05 21 So
• Closing
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
i CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Oct. 29.— CATTLE— It has been
j the very worst kind of a week for sellers of
cattle, the general demand being limited, / and.
offerings sold anywhere from 2oc to 50c lower.
| Many droves, after being held at the stock
I yards for several days, were finally disposed of i
I .for much less than they cost in the country.
| The market to-day was at firmer prices. Choice
I steers, Jo 6606 60; medium, $4 SO© 4 85; beef
; steers, $3 7j<?/4 45; stoc.kers and feeders, $2 80 :
'i/4 85; bulls, $2 25©4: cows and heifers, $3 300 1
i 20; calves, $3 25<37 23; Western rangers, $2 60@
4 'GO; Texas grass steers, $3 15®3 90. I
HOGS — There was a good demand for hogs :
I at steady prices. Fair to choice, $3 60@3 77',;
packing lots, $3 2508 67%: butchers, $3 40®
3 75; mixed, $3 65553 "70; light, $3 6053 70; pigs,
$2 7008 55.
I SHEEP— in sheep was slow at yester- i
I day's decline. Culls to choice muttons. $2 -50®
I 4 60; Western rangers, $4 40@4 50: Inferior to
j prime lambs. $3 65@5 65: feeders. $4 40$ 5 05.
! -Receipts— 200; hogs, 16,000; sheep, 1500.
■ y^ X OMAHA.
OMAHA, Oct. 29.— CATTLE— Receipts. 500.
Nominally steady; prime corn fed steers, $5 10
@5 15; fair to good. $4 804 90; cows, $2 50<3>
3 60; feeders, $3 75@4 15.
HOGS— Receints, 4500. Opened 5c higher,
closed 2^c lower. Light. $3 60@3 62%; mixed.
$3 K6@3 60- bulk. $3 52'*«3 56.
SHEEP— Receipts. 800. Slow and weak; good
muttons. $4@4 3<*-. fat lambs, $5@5 45.
f KANS*« CITY.
KANSAS CITY ,Oct. 29.— CATTLE— Receipts,
400. Market unchanged. - '
: HOGS— Receipt*- 5500. Market steady; bulk
of sales, $3 45©3 65; heavies. $3 50@3 60; pack
ers, $3 45413 60; mixed, $3 4003 57>,4; lights, $3 40
©3 67%: T>lars, $3 25©3 50. •
SHEEP— Receipts. 200. Market strong; lambs,
$4!g6 75; muttons, $3© 4 25.
. ' DENVER.-..,
DENVER, Oct. 88,-CATTLB-Receipta. 4100.
Market steady on good cattle. Beef steers, $4®
4 50; cows. $3<§3 50: feeders, freight paid to
river, $3 so® -4 30; stockers. freight paid to river,
53 75£ M 25: bulls, stags, etc.. $2 25(ft3.
HOGS— Receipts. 100. Market slow to weak.
Light packers, $3 50@3 55; mixed, $3 45@3 65;
heavy, $3 3553 45.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1500. Market steady and
unchanged. Good fat muttons, $3 25® 4 25;
lambs, $4 26@5.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Oct. 29.— Consols. 109»4; silver,
28 3-16 d; French rentes, 102f 17Vic.
Wheat cargoes off coast, buyers and sellers
apart; cargoes on passage, rather easier.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 29— Wheat dull; No. 1
standard California, 6s lld@7s; wheat in Paris,
firm; flour in Paris, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 l-16d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Futures, October, nominal; Decem
ber, 6s id; March, 5s 11H<1; spot No. 1 red
Northern spring, dull, 6s 4d.
CORN— Spot, American mixed, 3s 10$ia. dull;
October, nominal; November, quiet, 3s 9vad;
December, quiet, 3s 9%d. ■■
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter. du'.l, 8s 3d.
HOPS— At London— Pacific Coast, firm, 6s wl
(g'Bs lOd.
LONDON WOOL MARKET.
LONDON, Oct. 29.— The Wool market during
the week was quiet and featureless. The de
pression was due to unsatisfactory English
and Continental markets. There were a few
small transactions in Merlnoe at unchanged
rntes. The arrivals to date for the sixth series
of auction sales amount to 50,000 bales, includ
ing 11.500 forwarded direct.
GOLD AND SILVER MOVEMENT.
NEW YORK, Oct. 29.— The gold and silvnr
movement at New York for the week ending
to-day web: Exports of gold, $273,582, of sil
ver $804,703. Imports of gold $1,070,060, of sil
ver $31,391. The imports of dry goods and
merchandise at th» port of New York this
week were valued at ?7,SBfi,S©2.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct. 29.— Wheat— Walla
Walla. W^lc; valley and blue stem, 63©64 i;;
very little selling and quotations are nominal.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 29.— Wheat— Club, 59c; blue
stem, 62£t;3c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. Oct. 23.— Exchanges, $268,
063; balances, $84,775.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 S3V4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S7
Sterling Cables — 4 8S
New York Exchange, sight — 17Vi
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
l"ini> silver, per ounce c: ! i 61^
Mexican Dollars — 47Vi
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Futures were lower again. Spot
values were unchanged, but the market was
w«ak and dull.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 20@l 22%; milling,
$1 25@1 26%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
14,000 ctls, $1 21' t ; 2000. $1 21Vb; 4000, $1 21; 2000,
$1 26%; May— 2ooo, $1 23V4.
Second Session— December— 6ooo ctls, $1 21%;
8000, $1 21%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 4ooo
ctls, $120*; 4000, $121; 4*o, $121%; May— 2uoo,
$1 23.
BARLEY- The week closed quietly at un
changed prices on the spot, though futures
were firmer.
The Duchalburn took for England 39.452 ctls
brewing, valued at 150,100.
Feed, ?1 17V&9121K; Brewing. $1 25(j:i 35 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No salfs.
Regular Morning Session—December
ctls, $1 24U; 4000, $1 245,; 12,000, $1 -<'*■
OATS— Most of the heavy arrivals from
Washington were placed on milling account
prior to arrival, so they did not affect the
market, which was quiet as usual on Satur
day. .'■''■':■: ':■'■• If
Fancy Feed, $1 25 per ctl: good to choice,
$1 2001 22 ; common, $1 15@1 174: Surprise,
$1 35&1 40; Gray, $1 15® 1 17^4: mllllnfr. $1 20®
1 17% per ctl; Red. $1 40^1 50; Black. « 60®
1 75.
CORN— Previous prices rule for all descrip
tions, with a quiet market.
Small round yellow, $1 20; Eastern large yel
low, $1 02Mi@l 05; white, $1 02>*@l 00; mixed.
$I©l 02' 2 per ctl; California White. $1 06&1 074.
R YE— California, $1 20@l 224; Eastern, $1 IT'S
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Eastern is quoted at $1 75
per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15@4 25; bakers 1
extras, $4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, 13 25 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; a*tra
cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25/ Oat
Groats, $4 60: Hominy, $3 25®3 60; Buckwheat
Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina.
14 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled Oats
(barrels). $5 8608 25; in sacks, $5 6S@B 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs. . ,
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay was dull but firm, and there was a sale
of choice Wheat at the top quotation. There
was no change In Feedstuffs.
BRAN— 50<i?16 SO per ton.
MIDDLINGS J!S!tf2o per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $26 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, «1&31 50; Jobbing.
$32® 32 50; Cocoanut Cake,- $24@25; Cottonseed
Meal, ?2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23 60@24 60;
Cracked Corn. $24025.
CALIFORNIA HAY — Wheat, $16®19 for
good to choice and $14({?15 50 for lower grades;
no fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat, $15<3'17 50;
Oat, $14@15 50; Island Barley. $12 50^13 50; Al
falfa, $1O@11: Stock. $11@12; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
nominal.
STRAW— SOij7Sc per bale.
BEAN'S AND SEEDS.
There -was more tone to Beans, and Pinks
Bold a trifle higher. The tendency among holders
was to ask higher prices.
Seeds show some change, and Alfalfa Is
higher. *
BEANS— Bayos, $1 8001 90: Small Whites.
$2 lO<o'2 15; Large Whites. $1 60@l 70: Pinks.
$1 70@l SO; Re<ls. $3: Blackeye. $3 40<ii3 50: But
ters, nominal: Limas. $3 25@3 40: Pea. $1 SO®
2 10; Red Kidneys, $2 25<R2 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 40 pep rtl: Tel
low Mustard, $4 10; Flax, nominal; Canary
Seed. 2Vi<R!2»ic per lb; Alfalfa, 7£i7'«c: Rape,
2V4<52\": Hemp. 2«4'S'3c; Timothy, 6@sV4c.
DRIED PEAS— $1 25@1 40; Green, $1 50
&l 75 per ctl. V . -_
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Cucumbers are In larger supply and lower.
Potatoes and Onions are quiet. New Potatoes
from Halfmoon Bay brought 4c per lb.
POTATOES— 3O@4Oc for Early l:ose and 35®
tOe for River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 75c
4(1 20; Oregon, 60©90 c; Sweet Potatoes, 75c
tor nearby and $IQI 25 for Merced.
ONIONS— 2Sf4Oc per ctl ; Pickle Onions. 36@
60c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3@4c; String
Beans, 2(ii'3c; Lima Beans, 2(5 3c per tb;
Bay Squash, 254t40c; Green Peppers, SO^'oc;
Cabba^^e. 50c; Carrots, 30(g50c per sack;
Cucumbers, 2.','(ir>oc; Tomatoes, 35(g65c; Garlic,
8c per lb; Green Okra, EOOfec per lb; Dried
Okra. 10c per tb; Err Plant, 50@75c per box;
Marrowfat Squash. $B@lo per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw. 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs: sliced,
desiccated, ]6<frlSc; Rranuiated, raw, 13c;
Onlonp, 60c: Carrot?, old. 12c: new, 18c; Cab
ba£C 30c: Sweet Potatoep. 30c: Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes. 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The usual car of Eastern will be put on the
market to-morrow. The market yesterday was
nominal.
Game shows little change, one way or the
! other. Good stock sells well and spoiled is
dumped.
I POULTRY— Turkeys. 15@18c; live
I Turkeys, 14<glt>c for Gobblers and 13©15 c for
I Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 25@1 50; Goslings, $1 25
'©150; Ducks, $4@5 50 for old and $4@4 50 for
i young; Hens, |406 50; Roosters, young, {4 50;
' Roosters, old. $-J£j:4 60; Fryers, $4; Broilers,
$3 60 for large, $3 for small: Pigeons, HOI 25
! per dozen for old and $1 5001 75 for squabs.
; GAME—
Quail, ">; Mallard, $6@7; Canvasback,
1 $6-39; Sprig, $3 b<"fti BO; Teal, $202 60; Wid
i geon, $2 50<i?3: Small Duck, *2; English Snipe.
I $1 50<?i2; Jack Snipe. $1; Gray Geese. (2 50;
: White Geese, $101 25; Brant. $1 50@l 75; Hare.
$1; Rabbits, $1 25@1 50 for Cottontails and $1
for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter dealers quote all sorts of prices, from
24c down to 21c for the best creamery. Most
of It sells between these two extremes The
market continues weak and overstocked.
KffKs have again advanced and are firm.
BUTTEK— . / • ■  .
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 21%@23Hc; sec
onds. 18@22c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 20@22c; common
grades, 16@200.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, lS@2oc; pickled roll,
IS® 2lc; creamery. tub, 21@22%c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 18@16ViO per
1b; Ela-ln. 2?«22Hc.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 10@llc: old. SM&
BV4C; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young America,
lO^ll^e; Eastern. 12®13c.
EOGS— Eggs, Ss@4oc per doiei} ; m«.
dlum Eggs, 20@34c: Eastern, lC@2oc for ordi
nary arid I'Mgibc for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
There Is no noteworthy change In anything.
Supplies of seasonable kinds, while not large,
are ample. Apples, Quinces and Winter NelU
Pears are firm. Wine Grapes are in fair re
ceipt and meet with a fair demand. Lemons
and Limes are weak and Oranges firm.
DEOLUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries. $2<§,4 per chest for large and
for small.
Cantaloupes, 75c@$l per crate; Nutmegs,
40(6 80c per box.
Huckleberries, 6@6c per lt>.
Quinces, 7Sc@sl per box.
Persimmons, 40c in single and 60@75c per box
in double layers.
Pomegranates. 40<§"60c per small box.
Cranberries. $7 50@S per barrel for Eastern
and $2 50 per box for Coos Bay.
Ordinary Grapes, 20@50c per box; crates sell
about 10c higher than boxes; Isabellas, $I@l 25
per crate; Wine Grapes, $20<g'24 per ton for Zin
fandel and $15<<}1S for common kinds..
Raspberries, $4@5 per chest.
Apples, 35(ji60c for common, 75@85c per box
for No. 1 and Sl&l 25 for choice.
Pears. r.ocig?lr .ocig?l 25 per box.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges, $2 50@3 50 for Va
lencias, $1 50@2 for Mediterranean Sweets and
|1 25®1 50 for Seedlings; Lemons, $1 50@2 50
for common and $3@'4 5U for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $4&f>; California Limes, Ji 25
per small box; Bananas, $1 25&2 25 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
Raisins are very strong and dealers expect
another advance before long. The output is
less than expected and a good many of the late
■Raisins were rained upon and thus rendered
inferior.
All fruits are dull and generally weak.
Walnuts are higher. They are running small
this year.' like the Prunes.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 6H@7c for 40-50's,
5&5V6c for 50-60' 4@4*4c for 60-70's, 3hii@3hic for
76-80* 8, 2V«3c for 80-SO's, 2 x A<QV' 2 c for 90-100's
and l%@2c for 100-110's; Silver Prunes. 2Vi@3c;
Peaches, 6©7Vic lor good to choice, 7>4&;&c lor
fancy and 10@12%c for peeled; Apricots, li%
12c for Royals and 124jl2Vic for Moorpark;
Evaporated Apples, 7!i©7^c; sun dried, \<j±
4Vjc; Black Figs, sacks, 2@2&c; Plums, AM&
6c for pitted and l@lHc for unpitted; Nec
tarines, C®7e for prime to fancy; Pears, 6@7c
for quarters and B@9c for halves.
RAISINS— 3Ue for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, s@6V4c for Seedjess
Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2(g2V4c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, S#loc per lb; Walnuts, 6@
7c for hardshell, S@'Jc for softshell; Almonds, 5
&6c for hardshell, 13c for softshell, 13@14c for
paper-shell; Peanuts, 4<&s^c for Eastern and
4"ic for California.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and S(g9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6' 2 8
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, s@sVic
per Il>.
• BEESWAX— 24@26c per Ib.
PROVISIONS.
Some dealers report the demand better and
others do not. There is no change in prices.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7VaC per It) for
heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for light, lOVic
tor extra light and 1-lil-Vio for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10c; California
Hams, l"i('-' : '; Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef. ?11@11 50; Family Beef, $12<3>
12 50; extra Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, SIS©
IS 50; mess. $15 50@16; Smoked Beef. 11® 12c
per Ib.
LARD— Eastern, tierces. quoted at 5%c per Ib
for compound and 6%ig7c for pure; pails, 7&c;
California tierces. 4%@5c per Ib for compound
and 6c for pure; half barrels, 6&c; 10-tb tins,
7%c: E-Ib tins, 7'<2C.
COTTOLEN'E — Tierces, 5%@6%c; packages
less than 300 lbs— l-It» palls, 60 in a case, 9%c;
3-It) pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lt) pails, 12 in a
case, B',-ic; 10-n> palls, 6 In a case, -50-rb
tins. 1 or 2 in a case 7%c;. wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs. SO lbs net, 7"4 c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides are quiet and weak. Wool Is neglected.
A review of the market appears In another
column. Hops are steady, but quiet.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, 8c; Cow
hides, SigSVso; Stags. 6c; salted Kip, 8c; Calf,
9c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brand**,
12'M30; dry Kip and Veal, loc; dry calf, 17c;
Bheepaktna, shearlings, 15926 c each; short wool,
f-ach; medium, 6i>4j*(ic; long wool, 9C'cQi
Jl 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75@2 for large
and Jljgl 50 for small; Colts, 254j00c; Horse
Hides, dry, |1 Do@l 75 for large and $1 for
small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3>4@3Hc per It);
No. 2, 2 1 / 2 (3 > 2 : sic; refined, i^nT^c: Grease, 2c.
WOOL— IS 37 clip. Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
free Northern. Sen 12c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 month?'. 9ffllr; San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months', 8® 10c; Foothill and
Northern, free. 12514 c; Foothill and Northern,
defective, UkßUc; Middle County. 13©16 c; Hum
holdt and Mendocino. 14@16c; Nevada, 10<@14c;
Eastern Oregon. 10(??12c; Valley Oregon, 15©17 c.
HOPS— IS9S crop, 12®14c per It).
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain nags for next season,
nominal, at 4%@5c; Wool Bags. 26g'28c; San
Quentin Bags, $4 85: Fruit Bags. sc. 5Hc and
sSlc for the three grades of white and 7@Bc for
brown.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8: Southn<-ld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5. Wallsend. $7 60;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $10 in bulk and $11 25
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
in jacks. :->:: ->: ■;'
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube Crushed
an-1 Fine Crushed. 6%c: Powdered, 6V4c; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated, s^c; Confec
tioners' A. :.'■■;•; California A, 6V*c: Magnolia A,
6Vic; Extra C, sc; Golden C, 4?ic; half-barrels,
%c more than barrels, and boxes "^c more. No
order taken for less than 76 barrels or its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Quotations are steady and unchanged. Ar
rivals of ail kinds are about equal to the
demand.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6Hc; choice, 6«ic; second
quality, SViSSc; third quality, 4<#sc.
VEAL— Large, 6©7 c; small, 6V4&BC per IT>.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7%c; Ewes. 6V4@70
per Iti. .
LAMB— 7V4@Sc per It).
PORK— Live Hogs, 3V4®3»ic for lair-n, 4®4Uo
for medium and 3V ijJi3'*.c for small; stock Hogs,
23>3c; dressed Hogs, 6V;®6Uc.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, October 29.
Flour, qr ska ... 379' Hay. tons ; 446
Barley, ctls l,69o;Pelts. bdls ..■ 195
Butter, ctls 107 Hides, no 218
Cheese, ctls 21 Lime, bbls- 91
Beans, sks 4,422 Egg*, doz 6,090
Potatoes, sks . 4,687 Quicksilver, flsk. 69
Onions, sks 586 Leather, rolls ... 108
Bran, sks 2,670 Lumber, ft 30.000
Middlings, sks .. 391 1 Wine, gala 70.700
Shorts, fiks 500! Sugar, sks 4,100
Hops, bales 170 Do bbls 125
Wool, bales 24 1 Raisins, bis 2,650
OREGON.
Flour, qr ska ... 7,492 Oats, ctl» 400
Wheat, ctls 11.760 Bran, sks 2,915
Barley, ctla €50 Middlings, sks .. 410
WASHINGTON.
"Wheat, ctls ..... 5,710 i Oats, ctls 23,270
. ♦ ■
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks showed more activity, though
there was no change in quotations worthy of
note.
Local securities were unusually active for
Saturday ajid the leader* were firm. Hawaiian
Commercial advanced to $4a 50 and Giant Pow
der to |54 50.
The Mammoth Mining Company of Utah will
pay a monthly dividend of 5c per share,
amounting to 120,000, on Tuesday.
The Geary-street, Park and Ocean Railroad
Company has declared a dividend of, 50c per
■hare, payable to-morrow.
The delinquent assessment <=ale of the May
flower Gravel Mining Company will be held
to-morrow.
The directors of the Occidental Consolidated
Mining Company have accepted the resignation
of Superintendent James H. Kinkead, who re
tires to give his attention to his private busi
in-.sß. and have appointed A. T. Eager to fill
the vacancy.
The Eureka Consolidated Drift Mining Com
pany has rescinded assessment No. 13 of ftc
per share and levied No. 14 of the same
amount, delinquent November 25.
The Geyser-Marlon Mining Company of Utah
has passed Its dividend for the month of Octo
ber.
The Dalton Mining Company of Marysvala,
Utah, has levied an assebsment of per
share.
The Mount Diablo Mill and Mining Company
of Esmeralda County, Nevada, has levied an
assessment of 10c per share, delinquent No
vember 30.
The delinquent assessment sale of the Sutro
Railroad Company will be held to-morrow un
less further postponed.
The directors of the Justice Mining Company
have authorized the purchase of the Washoe
mill. It originally cost $20,000 and the Justice
Company buys ■it for $2000. It is near the
hoisting works at Woodville shaft > and will
enable the company to extract and reduce at
a profit a lower grade of ore than that lately
taken out. There la a large quantity of fair
to medium grade ore in the mine.
. STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Oct. 29—10:30 a, m.
Bid. Ask. .. -V, JJt<t.A-<k.
U 8 Bonds— S F G & E.... S6 86V4
4s quar coup..Hlsill2Vs San Fran — 3^4
4s quar reg...110%11l ■ Stockton Gas.. 13 — .
Is quar new. . .127 l1 .i Insurance —
is quar c0up. .106^4 — Flrem's Fund. 208 —
Miscellaneous— ' Water Stocks—
Ca!-st Cab 58..115HU7 Contra Costa.. 54% 67
Cal El 6s ....125 — Marln Co 50 —
C C Wat 10014101 4 Spring Valley. loo% —
Dup-st ex c... — 88V» Bank Stocks—
EL & P .131%— Anglo-Cal .... 63 64V4
F & Cl Ry 68.114- — ' Bank of Ca1.. 248 850
Geary-8t R 6b. — 100 Cal RD * T.. — '100
HC & 8 6^8.101 — First Natlonl. 2lo 220
LAL Co «8.. — 100 ' Lon "P & A 13114 —
Do gnW 6i.. 99 100% Mer Exchange- i«
, Market-st t0. .138*4- Nev Nat 8....185 — : :,
Do Ist M 6s. 114% - Savings a "*£- lg4o
N C NGRy 75.108 - . Ger S & V\*X . lisu
N'Ry Cal 65..112%114 Hum S & L - lo °° "2?
N. Ry Cal 55.. 104 - Mutual Say. 36 *»
NPC R R 65.10S — S F Say U.. 430 —
NPC R R 55.190 M.lOl 6LL So ... - ;»
N Cal R'R ss. - - Security SB 300 350
Oak Gas 53....105V4109^ Union T C 6,1, 1 =,
Om Ry 68....:i26%127% Street nro XK B,7io»iA8 ,7io»iA
P&CI Rv 65. 107 — California ....10S«*iw»
P & O 6s 112 — Geary '•„ 
Powell-5t.65... — 123 Market-st ..... 53* M
Sac El Rv.55.100 — Presidio ■ »»
SF& N P 58.110*4110% Powder—
SierraßCal 6s.lMVili>i^ California .•••125 "?
SPof Ar 69.. 108 108% E Dynamite... to *
S P Cal 65....1il — Giant Con Co. .5^ MS
SPC Is eg 55..:— 104 Vigorlt -"> '*
S P Br 6s 115*4116 Miscellaneous-
S V Water ,118 Vi — Al Pac Assn.. lo3 11MA
S.V Water 4s. 103% — Ger.Ld Wk5..160 Tlu,
Stktn. vias 65.. 100 - Hana P C 0.... 16% 16%
Gas & Electric- H C & S Co.. 49 tf 49%
Cent Gaslight.los - Hutch S P Co. 63 —
Cent L & P... 8 — Mer Ex Assn. » —
Mptual L Co. 9 10.i Oceanic- S Co. 60 4 61
Oakland Gas.. — 53' 3 pp a c A F A.. lMs 2%
Pac Gas Imp.. 85 — Pac C Bor Cq.lOo —
Pac L Co 48^50 Par Paint Co. 7 —
Morning Session.
20 Giant Powder Con 63 00
30 do do ." 53 50
75 do do 53 7o
50 do do 54 00
40 do do 54 2o
60 do do .• 54 50
100 Hutchlnson S P Co : nn 6 jj !*> ,
25 Hana. Plantation Co :....:. 16 oi,.
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 4i> S7»«
60. do do b 3... •.— 49 00
60 •do do : • ■••<lf
100 do do ::':::::::::::;: 49 50
50 do do «oO
100 Oceanic Steamship Co .....60 62%
40 S F Gas & Electric Co so »
6 Spring Valley Water ••! 00 <»
lOOVlgorit Powder •• iin
200 do do * &v
Street— ,m
$22,000 S P of A Bonds 108 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
75 Hawaiian Commercial & 5ugar....... 48 25
70 Oceanic Steamship Co 60 oO
25 Giant Powder Co •£ 50
25 do do ; "r?00
60 do do .63 00
MINING STOCKS. -
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 21 j200j 200- Confidence 45
1100 Bullion 014Q0Ophlr , B8
200 Challenge 14 200 savage OS
100 Chollar 10 200 Oi
"00 Con Cal & Va.. S6 300 Sierra Nevada... 73
"50 / _fs__
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Best & Belcher. 21 400 Mexican 17
300 241200 Ophir 57
300 '.'.'. 23 400 68
1200 Con Cal & Va.. 86 300 B9
1600 88 600 • 60
100 Confidence 49 900 Potosl lo
300 45 300 14
opo 47 1100 Sierra Nevada.. 72
000 '" ' 48 ,400 Union Con .' 22
300 ".'. 501300 24
300 Crown Point ... 10 400.... 25'
f ,OO 11 200 Yellow Jacket... 18
600 Gould & Curry.. 18 500 19
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Oct. 29— 12 m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Julia — 02
AHa 04 06 Juai:ce 05 06
An. iea 09 10 1 Kentuck 02 04
Belcher ...*..,... 10 11 [Lady Wash .... — 02
Benton Con ... — 07 Mexican 18 20
Best & Belcher 23 24 Occidental 42 —
Bullion 01 02 Ophir 59 60
Caledonia 25 — Overman 03 05
('hollar 09 10 Potosi 14 15
Challeng-e Con. 16 17 Savage 07 08
Confidence £1 53 Scorpion 04. —
Con Cal & Va. 90 81 Segr Belcher ... 01 —
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 75 76
Crown Point .. 10 HiSHver' Hill .... — 06
Con -.ew York. — 01 1 Syndicate 03 —
Eureka Can ... 30 —'Standard 175 180
Exchequer 01 021'Unlon Con 24 25
Gould & Curry. 20 21 ! Utah C-6 07
Hale & Norcrs. 95 —I Yellow Jacket. Vj 20
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
Name of Stock. 1 M. | T. IW. j T. 1 F. ! 3.
Alpha 02 02) 03 031 03i 03
Alta 03 03 04 04 05 04
Andes 09 10 10 08 09 09
8.-lcher OS 09 10 09 10 10
Best & Belcher 16| 19 23 19 25 24
Caledonia LSI 20 22 22 25 25
Challenge 12| 12 14 .... 13 17
Chollar 08 1 09 09 08 10 10
Con. Cal. & Va 671 73 83 79 90 90
Confidence 35 37 3S 37| 38 54
Crown Point 08 09 10 09! 11 10
Gould & Curry 16 IS 19! 16 ! 19 21
Hale & Norcroas !t0 90 90! 100 99 95
Justice 05 00 06' 05.05 OS
Mexican 11l 14. 171 15 17 18
Ophlr 451 5« 57 53! 59 60
Overman 02J 03 04 03 04 03
Occidental 30 1 40- 45! 401 40| 42
Potosi 10 1 Uj 13i 12 1 15 1 15
Savage 06 071 07. 06! OS| OS
Standard 1 70 1 75 1 751 75 1 7511 T.-
Sierra Nevada 65 6S 74j 71 78 75
Union 20 21 25 1 22! 25 25
Vtnh 05 06 06 07! 07 06
Yellow Jacket ! 12' IS] 17 15] 16 20
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
October, IS9B.
jTh.
1
8
Moo a* Phases.
U
11
SO
14
21
"a"
14
0
rfo-Last Quarter,
<& October 7,
.£. New Moon.
\*2 October 16.
TV First Quarter,
3 October 23.
©' Full Moon,
October 29.
2o
a
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants 1 Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 12'Hh meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice statin* whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired). V. S. N., In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur nt
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
.SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30.
Sun rises 8:24
Sun sets 5:04
Moon rises 6:38 p. m.
-I Feet.!
L W
[Xi W
0.19
1:11
• 4.4 6:03
. 4.3 6:37
I 4.2 6:12
L 4.1 6:05
) 4.1 7:43
2.7 11:12
3.0 11:46
3.1 12:20
3.3 12:53
8.5 1:29!
5.!
5.;
5.;
S.l
4.'
6:02! -0.5
6:46| —0.5
I 7:32 -0.3
8:17 —0.1
| 9:00j 0.2
li 2:04
2 3:01
3 4:00
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning: tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the onler of occurrence as to time. The
second time column Rives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the :
United States Coast Survey charts, except |
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
and then the number Riven is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean »f the lower low writers. [
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Homer iNewport Oct. 30
Tltanla Nanaimo Oct. 30
Alliance Portland Oct. 30
Czarina Seattle Oct. 30
Washtenaw Tacoma Oct. 30
Bristol Departure Bay |Oct. 30
North F'-rk ; Humbnldt (Oct. 31
Leelanaw ;Seattle Oct. 31
Santa Rosa ."on I'lego Nov. i
St. Paul Manila Nov. 1
Geo. \Y. BMer. Portland iNov. 1
Acapulco IPanama Nov. I
Charles Nelson. Puget Sound Nov. 1
Foiit'.n Portland Nov. 1
Chjlkat Humboldt Nov. 1
Ruth Tlllamook Bay iNov. 1
Navarro lYnquina Bay [Not. 1
Amata jCoox Bay Nov. 1
Mackinaw ITacoma I Nov. 2
San Mateo jNanalmo Nov. 2
Coos Bay Wewport ..;.. Nov. 3
Q ueen 'Vlctorln A Pujret Sound Nov. 8
South Portland. iP'*«fet P^und iNov. 3
Pomona -• Hftmboiat Nov. 3
Empire Coos Bay N>v. 3
Del Norte Crescent City Nov. 3
Ell Thompson.. (Seattle N'uv. 1
Columbia IPortland INov. 4
Corona [Son niego Not. 6
State Calif ornla|Portland  INov. f
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Steamer. Destination. ; sails. i p ier
orona San Diego Oct. 30. U arniPW n
Ileveland \ Puget Sound.. Oct. 30. 9 am'pw •
tat*- of .Cal Portland Oct. 31. 10 aai ] "/ *
■omona .... jHumboldt .... Oct. 31, 2p m v," **
Eomer Newport — ...Nov. l, 9 am 'pier 11
alliance ... Oregon Ports. Nov. 1.. 9 amlpier **
lariposa .. Sydney Nov. 2, 10 Pm Pl £* %
■matllla .. Vie & PKt Sd. Nov. 2. 10 am p ,ll %
Ihilkat ....IHumboldt.... Nov. 2. 2 i,m\pfJL 
anta Rosa San Dier.o Nov. 3. 11 am pi«» 
i. W. ElderlPortland Nov. 3M3 M 10 Pill ij
.rcata j Coos Bay Nov. 3, 10 am|Pie r Vi
loos Bay... [Newport »:|Nov. 5. 9 am I Pier ti
:. Nelson.. [Puget Sound.. [Nov. 5 |.. v
lolumbla ./Portland Nov. 6. 10 am Pier' 14
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, V, S. N , Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francteco, Cal Oc
tober 29. 1898.
The time ball on the tower of th? new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c, at noon of the 120 th meridian, cr at 8
o'clock p. nil. Greenwich mean tuna
CHAS. P. WELCH
Ensign rretired). U S. N\. in :harjre.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, October 29.
Stmr T-'matilla. Cousins, 60 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports. t.
U S stmr Gedney; Westdahl. — days from
Astoria. " . • " .'
Stmr Del Norte. Jacobsen, 5 days from Rogue
River. • '
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, 17 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Schr Occidental, Brandt, 60 hours from Eu
reka, -\r' :
Schr James .A Garfleld. Lewis, 7 days from
Wll.la.pa Harbor.
CLEARED. "
Saturday, October 29.
Br stnw Doric, Smith, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu O & <> S S Co.
Stmr Cleveland, Pierce. Seattle; E T Kruse.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego; GoodalUj
Perkins & Co. "^1
Br ship Yarana, Robertson, Portland; Wil-
Hams, Dimond & Co.
Br ship Galena, Blair, Astoria; W R Grac«
& Co. ■ .'-•
Bark S C Allen, Johnson. Honolulu; Williams,
Dimond & Co. %<* :
V.'; ' SAILED.
Saturday October 29.
Stmr Newsboy, EJlefsen. ■
Stmr Aloha. Jorgenson, Arbion.
Br stmr Doric, Smith, Hongkong via Yoko
hama and Honolulu.
Br ship Garsdale, Kins. Port Townsend.
Br ship Duchalburn, Forbes, London.
Haw ship "WillFcott, Peabody, Royal Roads.
Dan bark.Sixtus. Lassen, Portland. ■■--:■■
Schr Barbara- Hernster, Jensen, CoquiUe
River.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, Bowens Land
ing-
- Schr Mary and Ida, Carlson, codfishlng.
Schr Ida Schnauer, Nlelson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Reliance, Nyman.
Schr Joseph Russ, Peterson. Port Gamble.
Schr Corinthian. Korth, -Bowens Landing:.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS O^* 29—10 p. m.— Weather,
cloudy; wind, S; velocity. 4 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Consuelo loads mdse for Mahukor.a; San,
Buenaventura, mdse for Mazatlan.
The Sintram loads coal for this port; Harry ■
Morse, coal at Departure Bay for Honolulu.
The Duchesse Anne was chartered prior to
arrival for wheat and barley, to Europe, 25s &<l.
.DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Oct 29— Bark Big
Bonanza, hence Oct JO.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Oct 28— Schr Ly
man D Foster, lor Shanghai; Chil bark Latona
for Valparaiso. ' • i
GRAYS HARBOR— Oct Stmr Slg- k
nel. hence Oct 25.- . >
CLALLAM BAY— In port Oct 29— Schr Laurel
from Alaska.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Oct 29— Stm Ellhu,
Thompson, for Seattle: ship Ynsemite. for — .
COOS BAY—Arrived Oct Stmr Arcata, hno
PORT LOS- ANGELES— SaiIed Oct 29—
bark Kmin Pascha, for Portland.
TATOOSH— Passed Oct 29— Bark Gen Fair
child from Port Ludlow. for Freemantle.
PORT ANGELES— CIeared Oct 29— Bark Big
Bonanza, for Departure Bay.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Oct 29— Oer ship asco da
Gama: Br ship Cambrian Hills, for Queens-
EUREKA- Arrived Oct Stmr South Coast,
hence Oct 26; schr J G Wall, hence Oct 21; schr
Lizzie Vance, hence Oct 26. „■„,,,- i_
GRAYS MARBOR— Arrived Oct Max schr
Navblto, hence Oct IS. .
Sailed Oct Schr Albert Meyer, for Santa
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct Stm Elihu Thom
son hence Oct 25. ".'"'-'■
SEATTLE— Oct 29— Stmr South Port
land, hence. Oct 24; stmr Golden Gate, from
S^file^ Oct 29— Stmr Santa Cruz, for Skaguay;
bark B P Cheney, for San Francisco; stmr Gol
den Gate, for .
NEWPORT— Oct 29— Schr Wawona.
'IaN^IEGO— Sailed Oct 29— Schr Maid of Or
leans, from Grays Harbor. .
COOS Arrived Oct 28— Daisy Rowe,
hence Oct 18 Schr Wing and "Wing, for San
Sailed Oct 28— Schr Wing and Wing, for San
Francisco. ..-•;■
FOREIGN PORTS.
GUAYMAS— SaiIed Oct 28— Stmr Curacao, for /
Ban Franlcsco. ' ■ IL - s '
, AUCKLAND— SaiIed Oct 29— Br stmr Moana,
for San Francisco. . ,
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
h». Steamers leave Broadway
w>^ wharf, San Francisco:
BOW For Alaskan ports, 10 a, m..
SPRjfem Oct. 8, 8. 13, 18. 23. 18. Not. i.
' ESTbEiS^ transfer at Seattle.
' i ISV3M vlil For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
■aQ^Mi c 1 port Townsend, Seattls.
l^l|MDl Tnroma. Everett, Anaoort**
' and New Whatcom rWa«h.) II
am . Oct. 8. 18. 18, M. 28. Not.
1 and .very tmh p^ thereafter tr-^Jj^
Si^^^-f? 11 ™ 11 * t0 N - P " "- "
Vancouver to c / w V_Swt Bay). 2 p. m.. Oct.
i Tn it a- ?«^ *<"•¥•** i™* fltth
day' thereafter. Monterey. San Simeon.
For Banta Cra«. Monwr. Oblspo).
Cayucos. Port Harrora ' Huenem^
Oaviota. Santa Barbara. * envu™.
Pan Pedro East S*n Pedro^to| a^^^
VefflO 1 !^ *» ot cv«,
tnforrnation W*« «» ehw ,
js&^SvS-.psr-*--"- -m-« da«.
"riOKBT f omOK -I New Mont«o««rr
street lac *ppßKlNP A CO.. <3«n. A*t».. ■
GOODALL. 1 t^ I f.t.. San Frane».eo.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DIFPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO_
PORTLAND
F SS E W $8 S 1d ce e C r° nn 8 a d ,^ ce O S c\ , % & Jfi!Z. *
Through tic.su to all points East. i
630 Market wtr—t.
GOODALU PERKINS ft CO
Compagnie Generale Transatlantique.
~ (French Li-'e!
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS a-^.
h&ss&xssi c^ y «. at No d rt a n^^
River, foot of Morton street. .
LA TOURAINE... ■ £°I' •
LA GASCOGNE Nov. 11
LA CHAMPAGNE Nor. 1»
LA BRETAGNE • p^ - j
L Fi™?-^las\ lN io : Havre" "and" upward 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre tis 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FITGAZI & CO.. .Pacific Coast Agents,
6 MontKomecy avenue. San Francisco.
fsvnaiMfffi The S. S. MARIPOSA
sCBlia£ Ball9 vla Honolulu anil
•t** 3 """* Auckland for Sydney '
*& \^— -.^ Wednesday. November
SfMnSlllD^' •£ S - Australia.
CyICaiIUIHU fa |i 9 for Honolulu only
(OfHo3liy* W"ednesday, November
V' J !llwu!vJ 16> at 2 p m
, Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPS
TOWN South Afrrlca.
. J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO.. Ajrents.
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office — Market st.. San Francisco.
BAY Ai*D BIVEB STEAMEB3.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monttcello." &\
Hon., Tue».. Wed.. Thura. and Sat , M
9.46 a. m.. S:l5 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Th«r«.»
Friday«...................i p. .m. and 8:30 p. m.
Eundaya.... 10:30 a. m. and % p. m.
Landing and rfflce»— Mlsston Dock. Pl«r L.
T«l.Dhon« R»d ML
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY TOO at 10 a. m I
Steamer ALVISO, Clay-street Wharf, Fare to I
San Jose, 50c; round trip. 750. Delightful Bay 1
Excursion*. Ajvlno and return, 7So. Telepboat '
, Main 1360.BOYS' AND GIRLS' PAGE.
HIS MOTHER'S
TRUE CHAMPION
BY MARIE ALLEN KIMBALL,
MARYSVILLE-
DICK NELSON and the Johnson
boys were going on a camping
trip up the river. They were
intending to hunt and fish and
have a Jolly .time. Dick was
a ihe porch getting his traps to
gether, when he heard his mother and
• < hinese cook talking in the dining
room.
"You must sweep better than that,
<iow," his mother was saying,, "look at
the dirt in those corners."
"No care," answered the Chinaman,
-*>-; "him pi**nty good. No catchee
much money; work a!le time."
"Grow, you know better:"
"You no Ukee him, you fix him you
self. Me go town; no iikee work for
you. Y'.u heap meant growled t'i^
cook, Blamming the chairs about.
Dick flung open the door, and strid
ing up to the Chinaman seized him by
the shoulder.
"S< • he cried; "do you know
you are talking to my mother?"
Gow threw up his hands and caught
th>- boy by the front of his luo.se .shirt,
; g It tifiht around hii? neck.
flew Dick's fist squarely in the
Chinaman's face. Hi* grasp relaxed
and down he went, knocking over a
chair and coining to the floor with, a
tr< mendous bump.
I >ick stood ov«r him, the picture pf
£ur>. -Mrs. Netoou ran to her nonl
Richard! Richard:" she cried; "what
i mean?"
"1 ''.Mnt care. I'll teach that old
heathen not to be saucy to you."
. picked, himself up and looked
dn~ed. Blood was dropping from his
!!•■ muttered something that
sounded like "Me no stay, me go town."
an i went off through the kitchen to his
cabin.
Mis. Nelson sank down on the near
est chair, white and trembling. Dick
looked rather shamefaced, thouen 'the
flush of anger was still on his cheeks.
"J didn't mean to be quite s>> rough
• >!i the old fellow— just to teach him
.ace.' he muttered.
"Suppose you had killed him, any son.
That you did not mean to -would i>-.t
have counted them," said his .noth^r
gr.ively.
Dick turned confusedly away.
"What shall I do?" his mother w^nt
on. "He will not work any more and
there are all those men to get dinner
for. Your father has gone to to* ■>
and I am nearly sick with the head
ache."
" "Us pretty rough," said the boy.
"Bui we'll have to make the best of.
it, " linished hLs mother, trying to smtta
and rising wearily to go into the
kitchen. "But I >u k." she went on,
"you must feed the pips and water the
calves before you start. Gow always
does and I cannot."
Dick picked up the pails and went out
to the x>en. The pigs came grunting up
and began eating their breakfast with
swishes of delight. The boy leaned on
the fence thinking uncomfortably. If
he went away this morning his delicate
mother would be left alone with the
•work and that ugly Chinaman. He had
heard that they had "terrible tempers.
What if Gow should avenge his hurt on
her? Yet how could he give up his trip?
He had promised the others and they
would be as disappointed as he. He
had everything ready, too, and the boys
could only be spared to go now. But
"would he take any pleasure if he
thought something dreadful might have
happened at home?
"Pshaw," he said to himself, "China
men are too big cowards to do any
thing." but the distrust and suspicion
would not be quieted and ihe boy ha/1
a sharp, fight with himself.
"It's no use," he determined at last,
giving himself a mental shake as ho
heard a shrill whistle announcing that
the boys had come, "I made this mesa
and I've got to see it through. '
A pang went through him when h<:
Baw his young friends, with their fish
and blankets, but he held rigidly
to his determination against th^ir dis
appointment and persuasion?, for D+rk
wae a ■most-sought-after companion.
He waited untii they drove away and
■went into the house. His mother was
Bitting in the hot kitchen holding her
aching head.
"Here, mother," called out Dick.
cheerfully, "you go to bed and Til £et
NARROW ESCAPE OF THE GRANGER WHO 15 RESCUED IN THE NICK OF TIME BY THE BUMPK.No.
dinner. I guess the men can stand no
cooking for once."
"Why, aren't you going?"
"No, 1 sent the boys on. 1 don't mean
to get you into such a fix as this and
then go back on you," said Dick, with
out revealing his other motive.
You are very good, Dick," said his
mother, thankfully, "and 1 shall always
remember it."
"Oh, it's nothing," replied the boy.
"Go and sleep off your headache."
Dick had a great time cooking that
dinner. The teakettle was dry and the
meat burned before he knew it; but
with what he found already cooked h»J
managed to get a passable sort of meal
for the hungry men.
He was getting ready to wash the
dieh<-s t wh>n Uuw came in, exhaling a
strong odor of peppermint. Tin- China
man's face was a sight to behold! One
eye was black and swollen to immense
proportions and his nose vas skinned
and red where it had come in contact
with Dick's hard young knuckles.
"Hello, Gow," said the boy, "sit down
ami eat your dinner. I say, I didn't
mean to use you up- that bad. If we
had known it was going to happen we
could have- bought some beefsteak of
the butcher; it's fine for a black eye."
Gow Kiunted out something, got the
teapot and sat down at the end of the
disorderly kitchen table. He watched
the great boy wrestling with the dishes,
looking out of his one open eye with
malicious pleasure as he leisurely drank
his tea. Dick kept up one end of a
brisk conversation, which was some
thing <>f a monologue, however, as he
elicited only grunts from his auditor.
At last Gow did unbend enough to
change the meat from the pantry to the
safe, muttering to Dick something
about "ants catch him, you put him
there," which the hoy took as a pro
pitiouji omen. Then Gow shuffled out
to his cabin.
When Dick came hurrying in to start
supper, having almost forgotten it ir
the excitement of a coon hunt in the big
tree behind the barn, he found Gow
building the fire. Meditation or Dick's
remark about the fresh meat had evi
dently had some effect on him. He sent
the boy out. saying "Me fix him; you
breakee too muchee dish."
When they were seated at the sup
prr table the old Chinaman came In,
holding his head on one side and draw
ing down the Ud of his black and swol
len eye, said pathetically to Dick's
father. "Hoss man, boss man; you look
se»- what your boy do."
Mr. Nelson, who had already heard
the Btory, said with affected surprise,
"Why. why! you don't say so! Rich
ard "—with pretended severity — "you
look out what you are about! Gow, you
see you'll have to be careful how you
talk to Dick's mother!"
"Me flaid to stay; me have to go
town."
"Well," said the farmer, laughing, "I
shall not take you until that eye gets
well. Why, Gow, it would be a disgrace
to the family!"
The next morning Gow got breakfast
and seemed to have thought better of
his decision for he said to Dick when he
brought in the milk, "You takee litte
cart: go catchee boys; catchee fish. Me
all lite, me cook, take care you mudder,
ebery ting."
OUR FUNNY BONES.
"Mamma, has the captain's boat got
stems on it?" was asked by our six
year-old daughter. Before we could
answer some one laughed so she cor
rected herself and said, "I mean flag
poles!" She meant masts.
A little girl who had a fondness for
long words was one day playing school
with her dolls. She was speaking quite
emphatically when her mother said:
"My dear, do not speak so loud; it is
better to speak gently."
"Yes. mamma, but you see I wish to
make a deep indentation upon my
scholars." ,
Little Nellie, the 5-year-old daughter
of a clergyman, had been listening at
fi'tively to a Bible story. "Now, Nel
lie," asked her mamma, "can you tell
me what we must do before we can
expect our sins to be forgiven?"'
"Course I can," she replied; "we've
got to sin first."
"When you go to heaven, grandma,
will you play a harp?" "I suppose so,
dear." "Then why don't you take- les
sons?"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAT^L, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1898.
THE STOLEN
CARMELITA
BY ALICE D. JOHNSON,
HAYWAKDS.
IN a beautiful mansion In Italy
lived Ramona, a rich nobleman, and
his wife. They were quite happy,
but there was one thing lacking to
make them perfectly happy, and
that was a child.
Soon a beautiful little girl was born
to them and now their happiness was
complete. The little girl, whom they
named Carmelita. grew to be more
beautiful every day. She had black,
curly hair, and large black eyes and a
dark gypsy - like complexion. Her
father and mother were very proud of
her, and well might they be, for she
had a very sunny and lovable disposi
tion.-
When little Carmellta was 6 years
old she went one day to gather flow
ers in 'the woods near by. But she
never came home again and every one
grew alarmed. Ramona sent soldiers
out everywhere, but they didn't get any
tidings of her. Suddenly' he thought of
the woods and sent a band of soldiers
there to look for her, but they couldn't
find .her.
3UT THIS PICTURE INTO THE SIX SQUARES BLOCKED OUT, AND CHANGE THEiR POSI-
TIONS SO AS TO MAKE A SCHOOLTEACHER THRASHING THE UNRULY PUPIL
Ramona and his wife were so grieved
over the loss of their child that they
were, ill a long time. Soon another lit
tle girl was born to them and then
they were happy again, but not per
fectly happy, for how could they be
when their darling Carmelita wag lost?
This little girl they named Mignon
and she was fully as beautiful and lov
able as Carmelita. Mignon's parents
often told her about C«rme!ita and she
used to wonder if Carmelita was dead
or alive. Of course they all believed
she "was dead.
One day when little Mignon was 7
years old she went with her mother
into the woods to gather flowers. She
gathered flowers and sang and laughed
till her mother called her to go home.
On their way home they met some
travelers. One of them was a beau
tiful girl about 13 years old, who looked
tired and weary, but seemed happy to
be in Italy. Mignon and her mother
looked at the travelers, when Mignon
said: "Mother, isn't that a beautiful
girl?" Her mother thought so, too, and
finally thought she would inquire who
she was. "I was born here," said the
girl, "and I have been living in France
till now. My name is Carmelita,
and — "
But before she got am- further \t;t
EDITED BY
DAVID H. WALKER.
mm's mother took Carmelita. in her
arms and kissed her, saying: "Oh, my
darling, lost child!"
Carmelita looked awhile at her
mother and said: "Ah, yes, I remem
ber, you are my mother!"
"And I am your sister," said Mlg
non.
Then Carmelita said: "Mother, he
stole me while I was playing in the
woods."
Whereupon the man answered, "I did
not; if — " but he got no further, for
Carmelita's mother waved toward the
house and a troop of soldiers came and
put him in chains.
The three walked home, and when
Ramona saw them he looked at Car
melita a moment, then took her in his
arms and said: "My darling lost child!"
FROM THE DARK
INTO THE LICHT
BY L. I. M.
MAMMA, can I go ovpr to Em
ily's house now?" asked little
Mary ('olernan.
"Have you sewed the button
on your coat and the string on
your blue hat?" Mrs. Coleman asked,
looking at her little girl reproachfully.
Mary blushed and hung her head.
"No, mamma," she said, "but please,
can't I sew them on to-night?"
"To-night," said her mother, "you
have your lessons to study, and even
if you hadn't, Mary, you must learn
to 'never put off for to-morrow what
can be done to-day.' "
"Well, I don't believe any other little
girl has to sew buttons on her dress
and strings on her hat like I do," Mary
said as she settled down to work.
"Why, Mary," said Mrs. Coleman,
"you scarcely have forgotten those poor
little Jones children. Why, how glad
they would be if instead of going to
the factory every day they could stay
at home and sew their clothes. And
Just look at poor little Helen Cary, who
is blind."
"Oh, to be sure." said Mary, bright
ly, "and we haven't been to see her for
nearly a week, mamma. Can we go
to-day?" _____
"I do not see anything to prevent our
going after supper," said Mrs. Coleman,
"if you think you can get your lessons
learned in time."
"I am nearly finished sewing:,
mamma, and then I will get my books
to study right away," Mary said as the
coat and hat were finished and put in
their proper place.
After supper the carriage was called,
and soon Mary and her mother were on
iheir way to Helen's house. Helen
(/ary was the only child of a widowed
mother; she wan born blind, and her
mother was always sick, and had it
not been for the kindness of Mrs. Cole
man and Mary the poor family would
have had a miserable life. When Mrs.
Coleinan's soft knock was heard at the
floor Mrs. Cary would feel as though
a great weight had been lifted from her
shoulders.
"Helen, my dear," said Mrs. Coleman,
after she had stopped talking to Mrs.
Cary, "I have good news for you. My
husband told me of a doctor who can
cure blind people, and if your mother
is willing I -will take you to him nmv."
"Oh, Mrs. ("ok-man!" cried thy poor
girl. "How can I ever thank you
enough?" Then, as she went In to
ward the bed, she said: "Mother, are
you willing? Can I go?"
"Yes, my child," said Mrs. Cary; "but
I am afraid he will charge a great
deal."
"Do not worry about the bill, dear
\'r«. Cary. lam fully able to pay tne
bill. Well, I will say good-by, as I see
Helen is ready."
When they reached the doctor's
house, Mrs. Coleman told him all she
kne w about Helen's eyes. After a great
deal of pain Helen could see. She
could hardly believe it. When she
reached her neat little home she rushed
up to her mother and gazed unon her.
"Oh, mother!" she cried, "I can set.
I ought to be, oh, how thankful, to God
and to kind Mrs. Coleman."
"Oh, mamma," said Mary, while
they were on their way home, "how
glad I am we could do good to other
people and make them happy."
Mrs. Coleman begged Mrs. Cary to let
Helen study under the same teacher
that Mary had. Bo at last she con
sented, and Mary and Helen grrew to be
fast friendo, and Helen never forgot In
any way how kind her mother had
been to her.
THE VICTORY
OF* BRAVE HOP
PART 11.
THE Ogres did not underestimate
the courage and cleverness of
Hop-o'-My-Thumb. At the in
stant that he blew the hunting
horn that hung from his girdle
the OgTes strode forward to meet the
Knights. Some of the monsters ran
forward to the plate where the bridge
had stood, for there was the only place
where it was possible to ford the
stream Their purpose was to cut off
the retreat of Hop-o'-My-Thumb and
the Knights, who, they supposed, would
now be so badly scared that a retreat
would occur. ■
Twang! Hop-o'-My-Thumb had
speedily fixed an arrow of stout hickory
on his bow string and had let fly. True
and swiftly to its mark it sped. The
point was tipped with the sharpest
steel. The shaft was feathered from
the plumage of the Jazzow, which
makes its nest only in th* craters of
volcanoes, in the most distant lands of
the world. The point pierced the eye
of the foremost Ogre and he fell heav
ily as when, before the wrath of- the
hurricane, down topples the pride and
monarch of the mountain forest, and
all the earth quakes.
Down went the Ogre with a dreadful
groan and was dead. Encouraged by
this success the Knights, who were all
expert archers, drew their bows and
with the same kind of arrows, all of
which had been provided by Hop-o'-
My-Thumb for the expedition, made
the Iron Forest resound with twanging
bowstrings and whistling arrows, and
more than one Ogre bit the dust. In
deed, the monsters, although they were
so huge, had little real courage. They
had expected to crush Hop-o'-My-
Thumb and his fifty Knights with ease.
The prowess of their antagonists
caused the Ogres to draw back, whereat
the Knights raised a rousing cheer.
That was a mistaken cheer. Ma
linge, the Witch, who had been slum
bering in her cave, heard the noise.
Hastily issuing from her retreat she
mounted a grizzly old winged nag,
seized a two-pronged spear and flew to
the scene of the combat, uttering
shrieks of rage and wonder. The scene
presented to her view increased her an
ger. Some of her Ogres were cower
ing behind trees. Others stood aloof
at a distance, uncertain what to do.
"Cowards, cowards!" shrieked the
Witch: "is it for this that I made the
awful brew that called you into exist
ence? Is this the loyalty and valor
you were to show by which the King
dom of the Prince was to be laid waste
and all the cities, castles and palaces,
with the people, cattle and prow
ing crops, were to be turned to ashes?
Advance and seize these pigmies be
fore they lay other Ogres low! Is it
for such as you that I seized the
Prince's daughter and brought war
upon us? Advance, I say!"
You have already learned how the
Seven League Boots ciime into the pos
session of Hop-o'-My-Thumb. So you
will recollect that the boots made
themselves large or small, according to
the size of their wearers. Hop-o'-My-
Thumb had on the Boots when he en
tered the Iron Forest and still wore
them. He could easily have run away,
but a clever thought came into his ac
tive brain. He had heard that whoso
ever, within the Iron Forest, dared the
Witch to personal combat could bid
"*II others in the For-"* to stand still,
vliile he fought the Witch.
Just as the Ogres once more hastened
on to kill him and his comrades, Hop
o'-My-Thumb callod aloud: ■
"Aroint thee. Witch! Thou and I
■will meet. If I fall, then you shall
slay my Knights. If thdu shalt fall,
then from the bewitched soil of the Iron
Forest shall be torn the routs or these
horrible trees; so, also, shall thy Ogres
perish. Propare!"
Then, for the first time, the "Witch
was afraid. For it had been written
in a great tome of brass that the Witch
should be destroyed by a person no
larger than a man's thumb. But she
put spurs to her horse, which darted, as
a vulture darts from the sky, to de
stroy Hop-o'-My-Thumb. In her strong
grasp the Witch held her two-pronged
spear, and she made at Hop-o'-My-
Thumb with deadly- purpose and aim.
When she reached the spot where he
had been standing he was miles away,
he having made one stride with his
Seven League Boots just in the nick
of time to avoid being pierced.
"Ah, ha; so that is it, my little
man?" muttered the Witch spitefully
as she wheeled her nag and again flew
at him.
Hop-o'-My-Thumb was chuckling at
his cleverness when the winged nag
Airaiß iwooped through the air. Again
he dodgfd, and again and again, until
the nag was tired and could fly no
more. Then Hop-o'-My-Thumb be
came the attacker. When the Witch
paw him coming she made a magic cir
cle around her, across which no human
being could step. Within this circle
she changed her shape to a mouse, to
a snake and to a big spider. Hop-o'-
My-Thumb was not fooled, but knew
her all the time and would not let her
cross the line that surrounded the
magic circle. His sword hud been
filled with magic, when he struck fire
with it in the Iron Forest, although he
did not know it. The Witch knew and
feared the sword.
Finally she changed herself to a
lioness. In this shape she foolishly
ventured out to battle. On she came
ferociously, but Hop-o'-My-Thumb
stepped nimbly aside and struck her a
blow with his maslc sword, as she
passed, and cut off her head with the
blow. So that ended the Witch.
When she fell dead the spell over the
Ogres was broken and the battle with
the Knights was straightway renewed.
Attacked from all sides, the Knights
were in sore plight once more. There
were so many Ogres that the Knights
were kept dodging about until they
were out of breath, and they wer" not
given a chance to use their bows and
arrows. How the battle would have
ended had not Hop-o'-My-Thumb been
there, I cannot say; but I fear that the
Knights would have been killed, one
and all, and the Kinedom of the Prince
would have been ruined.
Hop-o'-My-Thumb drew off one of
his Seven League Boots and touched
it to the foot of an Ogre who had fallen
in the fray. At once the boot became
very large to fit the Ogre. Hop-o'-
My-Thumb hacked the boot into
one hundred fragments with his sword.
To every Knifrht he gave two frag
ments. When these were placed in
the riding boots of the Knights their
magic was such that all the riding
boots speedily became Seven League
Boots. Hop-o'-My-Thumb cut his re
maining boot into two pieces, and each
piece became a whole Seven League
Boot in a jtffy.
It was now easy for the Knights to
get away from the Ogres, to wnom an
CUT THIS IN SIX PARTS AND PUT TOGETHER SO AS TO FORM THIRTEEN STARS
end would speedily have been made had
not Hop-o'-My Thumb prevented the
Knights from using their bows and ar
rows. He had another plan in view.
Mounting the Witch's winged nag,
which was now rested and vigorous,
he ordered the nag to fly to where the
daughter of the Prince was held a pris
oner, and the. Knights were command
ed to follow.
The Seven League Boots enabled the
Knights to keep up with the flying nag.
They looked very brave and hapoy as
they Btrode from mountain top to
mountain top, leaped over rivers and
stalked across deep canyons and wide
valleys. By and by they saw a castle
of pure gold glittering in the sunlight
on a distant mountain top, and, as the
nag fieg directly toward this castle
they knew that their journey was
nearly ended. The little Princess was
indeed in the castle. The Knights cut
off the heads of the lions that guarded
the castle gates, all of whom were
witches, and entered the room where
were kept all the secret books of magic.
In these books they found out how to
make the Ogres obey them. At once
thy proper charm was set to working
an'< the Ogres, knowing Hop-o'-My-
Thumb now as their master, appeared
at the castle gate. Hop-o'-My-Thumb,
having found and released the little
Princess from a dungeon, where she
had cruelly been hung up by her hair
by the Witch, ordered the Ogres to cut
down the huge forest trees to make a
level road. Then he caused the great
chains to be fastened to the foundation
of the Palace of Solid Gold, which, be
ing all in one piece, was easily moved
by the combined strength of the Ogres,
which was very great.
The Ogres, having taken their places
at the chains, were ordered to proceed.
They obeyed. The road was extended
through the Iron Forest and into the
Kingdom of the Prince and along it
the Palace of Solid Gold steadily
moved. The Prince heard of these
wonderful things from a trusty Knight
whom Hop-o'-My-Thumb sent forward
as a messenger, and he came out from
his city, attended by the Pri.ncess and
all his court and thousands of Knights,
to welcome his child and to honor Hop
o'-My-Thumb, who have ever sinre
lived in the Palace of Solid Gold. The
Ogres are his servants. D. H. W.
GRANDMA'S HOUSE.
BY FLORENCE R. KENDERDINE.
DO you recollect thinking, when you
were a boy.
That visits to grandma's held all the
earth's joy.
t the cookies which grew on her high
pantry shelf
Were just the right things for a small
hungry elf?
That the apples which fell on- the old
orchard ground
Could not be surpassed though you sought
the world round?
Did you ever go fishing with thread and
bent pin.
Along the wee brook that minnows lived
in?
Did you wade in the pond that was shal
low and clear,
Or try to skute on it when winter was
here?
Then the snow, and the coasting, the long,
merry ride—
Ah! I can remember those visits with
PUZZLE— FIND THE BALD-HEADED MAN.
I have traveled, but elsewhere in lands
I have seen
The sun shone less brightly, the fields
looked less green.
E'en the song of the birds seemed less
cheery and sweet,
And plants now in bloom In my garden
so neat
Are Ipss beautiful fa* than the daisies so
tall
Thai grew by the side of the old orchard
wall.
Would that .each change of season that
visit could bring,
For close to my heart the fond memories
cling
Of the old country homestaad, and often
I see
In fancy that picture so happy and free.
And I long as I tread through the wide
city street
To go as of yore to that peaceful retreat.
THE SAD FATE
OF A DOLLIE
BY NELLIE TRIMBLE.
MY father bought me a doll that
would talk. What do you think?
I had it out on the doorstep
playing with it, and talking to
it, when along tiie street came
a runaway horse. I jumped into the
house pretty quickly and it was lucky
that I did, for the horse ran close to
the house, so close that he stepped upon
my poor dolly and broke in her head.
Well. Sarah and I— my real name is
Mary Jane — cried, for we both loved
that dolly, whose name was Beautiful.
But Sarah's papa came and told us to
cheer up. for he would buy each of us
a new doll. So we put on our best
dresses and went to the store, and
there we saw such nice dolls. I picked
out one and Sarah had one, and we
took them home to be dressed. We do
not play with our dolls on the street
any more.
ROBBIE DALE
AT THE FAIR
BY JANIE REBECCA WARD.
ONE bright morning Robbie Dale
eat quietly on the doorstep. He
was planning how to help hfs
mother, who was poor and needed
money very much. Baby Ruth
had been sick and there were many bills
to pay. '.'Oh, dear, I wish I could do
something!" sighed Robbie. He sat
thinking a while longer. Suddenly a
bright idea came to him. "I'll ask
mother!" he exclaimed. His mother
was ironing in the kitchen. She looked
greatly surprised when Robbie told her
what he had been thinking about.
His plan was to have a small stand
at the fair, which was to be opened the
next week. He thought he could sell
lemonade and candy. Perhaps, too,
sister Alice would make some cf her
nice doughnuts and sandwiches for
him. After a while Robbie obtained his
mothers consent to try his plan. He
easily obtained permission to have a
stand on the fair grounds. Everybody
in the village who knew Robbie liked
him very much. The fair whs to last
only one day. Robbie could hardly wait
for the time.
But the day came at last— a bright,
sunshiny morning. Robbie *vas at the
fair grounds at an early hour. He care
fully arranged his stand— doughnuts
and sandwiches «n one side and candy,
glasses and lemonade on the' other.
Robbie prided himself on his lemonade.
It must have been good, for his little
stand was soon quite surrounded. It
kept him very busy. Among the group
around Robbie's stand was old Jacob
Green, who kept the village store. He
had known Robbie's father and was a
great friend of the family. He saw how
busy the little fellow was and he de
cide<L to help him.
RoWbie was glad of his assistance.
Before night everything was sold. Rob
bie counted his money, finding he had
made nearly $10. With a joyful heart
he hurried home to his mother.
"Will this help you, mother?" he
cried, passing her the money.
"Yes; very much," answered his
mother; "but It helps me a great deal
more to know that I have such a gootl,
thoughtful little son."
She clasped the boy to her breast,
kissing him tenderly. And Robbie wa3
quite contented. Many times after that
he found ways of helping his mother.
LITTLE NANCY.
ONE day little Nancy Wilcox*s
mother went out and told Nancy
to take care of the children and
not to go out. As Nancy said yes,
her mother knew she would keep
her proniise, for Nancy was very hon
est. Nancy's little friend, Daisy Mait
land, came to see Nancy and help
amuse the children. Before the children
knew it Mrs. Wilcox had come home
and they could go out and play by
themselves. Nancy was very glad that
she had not made any fuss about amus
ing the children, for the time had flown
so quickly.
After Daisy had gone home Nancy
went in the house and was Just going
up to her own room when she heard
her mother calling her and she went to
see what she wanted. Her mother gave
her a book that she had been wanting
for a long time, telling her she had
been a very good girl.
Parson— Even the hairs of your little
head are numbered, Freddie.
Freddie (pulling out a hair) -What num
ber is this?— Philadelphia North Ameri
can,
3132
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
First Baptist Church. Eddr street,
Jones — Rev. E. A. Woods.
near'
Evening— The monthly praise
, Barttett street, near
•. J. G. Gibson.
Morning— Sermon by the rector on the sub-
ject of "Hagar." Evening— "Ringing Out
Your Peals Victorious."
' '
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street, near
Stelner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
Morning— Sermon by the rector.
Same.
Evening —
St. Agnes Church, Masonic tuvenue, between
Page and Oak streets — Renr. William P.
Klrby.
Morning— High mass and sermon.
Ing — Vespers and benediction.
Even-
St. Charles Borromeo, Eighteenth and Shot-
well streets — Father P. J. Cummin.".
Morning— High mass and sermon by one
of the priests of the community. Evening
—Sermon and vespers.
St. Brendan's, FriMrurt
streets — Father Nugen:
..11.!
Harrison
Morning— High mass and sermon.
ins— Vespers. • .
Even-
St. Brigld's, Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way— Father Cottle.
Morning— Sermon on the Gospel. Evening
—Sermon, vespers and benediction.
Church of Corpus Chrlatl. AJamany and
Croke street*— Salertan Fathers.
Morning— High mass anJ sermon by Father
Casslnl. Evening— 4 o'clock, vespers, ser-
mon and benediction.
St. Charles. Twenty fourth and Shotwell
streets — Father Cummlngs.
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
ing — Vespers and sermon.
St. Dominic's, Bush and Steiner streets-
Rev. Pius Murphy.
Morning— High mass at 11 o'clock. Even-
ing— Rosary and procession in honor of
the Virgin.
St. Francis. Valhejo street and Montgomery
avenue — Father Carraher.
Morning— High mass and sermon at 11
o'clock. Evening — Vespers, sermon and
benediction.
All Hallows. Sixteenth avenue and N street
—Rev. D. O. Sullivan.
Morning— High mass and sermon at
ii. Evening— Vespers.
il
St. Ignatius. Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street — Jesuit Fathers.
Morningr— Paruwrio at high mass by Rev.
Father Hickey, S. J., on the life of St.
AU-honsus Rodriguez of the Society of
Jesus. Evening — Sermon by Father Ch lap-
pa, S. J.. en "The Glory of the Saints."
■
St. James, Tw*en-ty-third and
streets— Father P. R. Lynch.
Guerrero
Morning— High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the parish. Evening — Vee-
pers. benediction and a sermon.
St. Joseph's, Tenth street, near' Howard-
Father P. Scanlan.
M rninK— High mass and sermon on the
Gospel of the day. Evening— Vespers.
St. Marys Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrel! street— Rev. J. J. Prendergasi.
V. O.
Morning- -Sermon at the 11 o'clock mass by
Rev. C. A. K;unm. Evening— Sermon at
vespers by the Rev. E. r. Dempsey.
St. Mary's Church, California - and Dupont
streets'— Paulist Fathers.
Morning— High mass at 11 o'clock. Even-
ing—Vespers, sermon and benediction.
St. Patrick's, Mission street, near Third-
Father Gray.
M"rr.ing— High mass and a sermon, on the
■Gospel. Evening — Vespers, benediction
and sermon.
St. Paul's. Twenty-ninth
streets— Father Connolly.
and
Church
M- rninir— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
ing—Sermon and vesper?.
Sts. Peter and Paul, Filbert a.nd Dupont
streets— Saleeia.n Fathers.
Morning — Sermon In Italian by one of the
; r:. sts o|» the community. Evening — Ser-
mon and vespers.
8t. Peter's. Alabama street, near Twenty-
fourth— Father P. S. Casey.
Morning — Sermon on the Gospel. Evening —
Vespers, benediction and sermon.
St. Rose's. Brannan street, near Fourth-
Father Nugent.
M uning— High mass and sermon.
—Vespers and benediction.
Evening
Star of the Sea, Seventh avenue and 1'oin'
LoboB averuie — F atiler Coyle.
.Morning— Sermon and high mass at 10:30
o'clock. Evening— Sermon by the pastor.
St. Teresa's, Tennessee and Butte Btreets
Rev. P. C. .O'cVnnell.
Morning — High mass and sermon. Evening
— Vespers, benediction and sermon.
Our Lady of Victories. Bush street,
Stockton— Marist Fathers.
neai
Morning— Sermon at the high mass by Rev.
Father Dubols. Evening — Sermon, bene-
diction and vespers.
First Christian, Mission and Twelfth streets
—Rev. F. S. Ford.
M' Triing — "A Uranch of Almond
Evening — "The Restored Law-. '
Tree."
West Side Christian,- ,Bush street,
I>MVisadero— Rev. D. A. Russell.
near
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock. Evening
- Sermon and Instruction by the i-
Bethany Congregational, Bartlett street,
near Twenty-fifth— Rev. W. C. Pond.
Morning: — by the rector.
Same.
Evening-
Bethlehem Congregational, Vermont street,
near Twenty-fourth — Rev. W. H. Tubb.
Morning— "All My Springs Are in The*."
Evening— "If the Foundations Be D
ed What Shall the Righteous Do?"
Richmond Congregational. Seventh avenue
and Clement street— Rev. F. Coombp.
Morning — "One Who Never Changes." Even-
ing — "One Who Is Never Defeated."
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth
Noe streets— Rev. H. T. Sbepard.
and
M..rnini: — "Religions He*-, instruction."
Evening— "Christ and the Philippines."
First Congregational, P ist
street? — Rev. G. C. Adams.
and
Mason
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock. Evening —
Song service of welcome to the rector.
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street, near
Mission-'Rev. William Rader.
Morning — "The Development of Character."
Evening — "The Average Man."
Plymouth Congregational, Post street, near
Webster— Rev. F. B. Cherington.
Morning— .Services at 11 o'clock; Sunday
school at 9:30; sermon by Rev. Mr. Bur-
well of Palo Alto. Evening — Sermon by
same.
Church of the Advent. Eleventh street, near
Market— Rev. J. A. Emery.
Morning — Sermon by the rector.
Song service.
Evening —
Grace Episcopal, California and Stockton
streets— Rev. R. C. Foute.
Morning— Communion service at 11 o'clock.
Evening — Festival service, followed by
sermon.
St. Luke' 8, Van Ness avenue and Clay
•ttreet— Rev. W. H. Moreland.
Morning — Sermon and communion service.
Evening — Sermon and prayer service.
St. Cornelius Chapel, Presidio Reservation
—Rev. D. O. Kelley.
Morning — Special service for the soldiers.
Evening — Sermon and lnstructi"n.
St. Jjhn the Evangelist, Fifteenth street,
near Valencia — Rev. E. B. KpaJdlng.
Morning— Divine service and sermon at 11. •
Evening— Sermon by the pastor. .
St. Mary the Virgin, Union and Stelner
streets— Rev-. H. Parrish.
Morning— Mass and holy communion at 7:30 •
o'clock: high mass and sermon at 11. <
Evening— Evensong and sermon at 8. <
— . _ — <
St. Peter's Episcopal. Stockton and Filbert
streets— Rev. M. D. Wilson.
Morning— Holy communion at 7:30: morning -:
prayer at 11 o'clock. Evening— Sermon by <
the rector.. /
. — — <
St. Paul's Episcopal. California street, near
Fillmore— Rev. W. Maxwell Rellly.
Morning— Communion at 7:30 o'clock, follow- <
ed by litany service and sermon by the <
rector. Evening— Song service and ser- <
mon. <
Trinity Episcopal-, Bush and Gough streets'
—Rev. H. C. Cooke.
Morning — Holy communion at 11 o'clock. <
Evening— Sermon and instruction. <
German Evangelical Emmanuel Church,
Twelfth and Stevenson streets— Rev. F.
W. Fischer.
Morning— "To Hold Dear the Gospel Re- <
stored." Evening— "The Heart of Jesus." <
First English Lutheran. Geary street, near
Gough— Rev. E. Nelander.
Morning— Sermon by the rector, followed by -
■ the recital of prayer. Evening — Same. -
California Street M. E. Church. California
and Broderlck streets— Frederic C. Lee.
Morning— "Tho Unanswered Knock." Even- .
ing— "Wanted, a Man to Fill Every Office .
In City and State," a political talk with •
party politics left out. ,
Bethel African M. E. Church, Powell street,
near Jackson— Rev. W. B. Anderson.
■Morning— Special sermon by the rector.
Evening— Song sen-ice and prayer.
Central Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis- j
slon street, between Fifth and Sixth— Rev. j
C. E. Locke.
! Morning— "Satisfied." Evening — "Is the
i World Getting Better?" (Danger signals
No. 1.)
First M. E. Church. Powell and
ington Streets — Rev. W. S. L'rmy.
Wash-
'Morning — Sermon by the rector.
■ —Song service and sermon.
Evening
Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church. Fifteenth
avenue south and P street — Rev. H.
Pearce.
Morning— Divine service at 11 o'clock. Even-
ing—Sermon, followed by religious ln-
; structlon.
Grace Methodist Episcopal, Twenty-first
and Capp streets — Rev. J. N. Beard.
Morning — Sermon by the rector.
j Same.
Evening-
Howard Street M-. E. Church (Strangers'
Home). Howard street, near Third — Rev.
J. A. B. Wilson.
Morning — Divine service at 11 o'clock. Even-
ing — Sermon by the rector.
Potrero M. E. Church. Tennessee and Solano
streets— Rev. D. W. Chllson. .
Morning— Sabbath service at 11. Evening
— Sermon and Instruction at h o'clock by
the pastor.
Richmond Methodist, Fourth avenue and
Clement street— Rev. G. W. Beatty.
; Morning— Services at 11. Evening— Prayer
; eervlce. followed by sermon.
Centenary M. E. Church. Bush street, be- j
tween Gough and Octavla— Rev. c R :
Riddlck.
■ Morning — Sermon by the rector.
Same.
Evening—
Epworth M. E. Church. Church and Twen-
ty-sixth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
; Morning— Sermon by the rector at 11 o'clock.
, Evening— Sermon, followed by prayer ser-
vice.
Simpson Memorial M. E. Church, Hayes
and Buchanan streets— Rev. J. Stephens.
Morning— Sermon by Rev. A. C. Bane, the
evangelist. Evening— Sermon by same.
Starr King A. M. E. Zlon Church. Stockton
street, ,iear Clay— Rev. F. Brunn.
I Morning— "Christian Living."
I "Mystery of Godliness."
Evening —
Franklin 8tre«t Presbyterian, Franklin and
Vallejo streets — Rev. D. Jamea.
j Morning— "True Contentment." Evening—
! "Efficiency in the Christian Ministry."
Calvary Presbyterian, Oeary and Powell
streets— P.ev. .T. Hemphlll.
; Morning — Services at 11 o'clock.
Special 6ong service.
Evening-
First Presbyterian Church. Van Ness ave-
nue and Sacramento street— Rev. R. Mac-
kenzie.
Morning — Sermon by the rector at the 11
o'clock service; Sunday school at 12:45.
Evening— T. P. S. C. E. at 6:15; sermon at
7:30 by the pastor.
Flirt United Presbyterian, Golden
avenue and Polk street.
Mornlns — Divine service at 11 o'clock. Even-
Ing — Sermon and the recital of prayer.
Bt. John's Presbyterian, California and;
Octavla streets— Rev. R. Liddell.
j Morning— Sermon by H. A. Marshall.
Lebanon Presbyterian Church, Sanchez and
Ttventy-third streets— Rev. R W Rey-i
nolds. ' !
Morning — Sermon by Professor Thomas F.
| Day, D.D., of San Anselmo Seminary.
I Evening — Same.
• '■• I
Trinity Pr«sbyterian. ■ Twenty-third
Capp streets— Rev. A. N. Carson.
and |
Morning — Sermon and Instruction by the
rector. Evening— Song service and sermon
by the rector.
Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth street
and Railroad avenue— Rev. M. N. Bevler.
Morning— "Following After."
"The Heavenly Peace."
Mlspah Presbyterian, HarriBon street near
Fifth— Rev. F. A. Doane.
Morning — Divine service and sermon at 11
o'clock. Evening — Sermon and Instruction
by the rector.
.
Howard Presbyterian. Oak and
streets— Rev. F. R. Farrand.
Baker
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening —
Same.
Stewart Memorial U. P. Church, Guerrero
street, near Twenty-third— Rev. W. K.
Dugan.
Morning— "Tailor Cut Prayer." Evening—
"The Stomach of a Silver Dollar."
Westminster Presbyterian, Page and Web-
Bter streets— Rev. S. S. Cryor.
Morning— "The Unsearchable Riches of
Christ." Evening— "The Prodigal Son."
First Unitarian, Geary and Franklin streets
—Rev. Dr. Stebblns.
Morning— Sunday school at 10 o'clock; di-
vine services at 11. Evening— There Is no
evening service in this church.
Second Unitarian, Twentieth and Capp
streets— Rev. A. J. Wells.
Morning— Owing to the Illness of the pastor
there will be no morning service. Evening
— Song service.
.
'. M. C. A. Auditorium, Maion and Ellis
streets.
3 p. m.— Concluding lecture of a series on
subject of "The Gospels," by Rev. Dr
Jefferson.
First Church of Christ, Scientist, 223
ptreet— The Bible and Science and I
With Kay to the Scripture*
Morning— "Adam and Fallen Man." Even-
ing— "The Prophecy of Isaiah Fulfilled In
the Coming of Christ Joeus." «
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1898.
HALES.
cur employees saw the good-roads parade with much pleasure, for we (as usual) closed at 6 o'clock Saturday.
good goods parade at Hales big stores-.
SILKS 1 _^^^i IJ^iS£ +-^*S"^ HE£ X WETAR ■ I "™* *^m v^ . •' - • X
JHR ut-CPj jj mi/oii THANKS" ' L i-" tF%J V^AlSTii I "I"
i
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
By HENRY JAMES
Notwithstanding that last week I in
veighed against the political banners
bedecking the street, it may be ob
served that they are still there. Pos
sibly the power of the press has been
overestimated.
• * *
Editor Rush of Sausalito has been se
verely beaten, and the sadness of the
episode is heightened by the fact that
he is likely to survive. lam sorry for
Mr. Rush.
• * •
chance to rail. Undoubtedly there are
people supporting the Republican
ticket who are not blossoms of inno
cence. But the great mass who op
pose Phelan represent the best elements
of citizenship. There does not appear
any good reason why Phelan should
be regarded as supreme. He is of com
mon clay. My chief grievance against
him is not that he should have consti
tuted himself a boss, not that he should
have hefted the city's money, not that
he is an aristocrat with nothing on
which to base his pride. It is tnat he
should have selected A. M. Lawrence
as his chief advisor, and that the Ex
aminer, one of the foulest sheets ever
permitted to be published, should be
his especial organ. Ido not say this
of the Examiner because of any per
sonal feeling, but because it seems to
me, as a working newspaper man, a
shame that there should be a paper so
devoid of honor. It is one of the few
which would rather publish a lie than
the truth. A knowledge of Its charac
ter must tend to give to the public an
impression that newspaper men are
liars and blackguards, which they are
not. This is obviously unfair to writ
ers whom abiltty or ill luck has drawn
into daily journalism. There are many
men on the Examiner whom, personal
ly, I esteem. They are my friends,
and I am glad of their friendship. But
an institution overshadowed by Law
rence must submit to the suspicion of
being rotten. It is a strange circurrv
stance that men of brains sink their
personalities and bend their mental
powers to carrying out the will of a
Hearst, transmitted through such a
creature. But Phelan, hoping for of
fice, eager for undeserved honors, is
willing to pour his confidences into the
ear of Lawrence and abide by the de
cision. This fact alone, without the
record of Phelan's Boards of Supervis
ors and Education, his committee of
one hundred, his Wldber, would destroy
my faith in him. He does not deserve
re-election, and I do not believe he will
receive it.
• • •
Ina CoolbHth is a talented woman
with the rare gift of song. She has
written many verses as musical as a
HALES.
this week will be a series of unusually strong attractions here! 3,450 yards of
silk from New York will open our Fall Silk Sale on Monday.
bought at a special figure on purpose to give us the opportunity of selling new silks at about half off; we have
also included about 500 yards from our regular stock to give it extra attractions ; and this is a silk season, you know.
Silk fancy waists, fail costumes, separate skirts, silk linings; we could not offer a better or more seasonable article.
Our silk buyer is enthusiastic ! How we bought these silks would make a famous story;
Silks choice and new— chic colors, too — fit for Solomon in all his glory.
lot No. 1. M SSSS er 50c yd. |
1054 yards various colors — 2, 3 and 4
tone effects — in fancy jacquard stripos
and brocades, 19 Inches full; our New-
York buyer's report on this is as fol-
lows:
"exceptionally good value: call the"
"attention of dressmaker? to it. for it's"
"well adapted for the prevailing lin-"
"ings; many stores would ask 75c for"
"this and some even $1 a yard."
late arrivals in our cloak, suit, Jacket and waist department!
suits.
black mixed cheviot blouse
suits, double-brepjsted front,
lined through with black serge
silk, percaline lined skirt and CMC) /Xft
velvet bound, sizes 32 to 40 <J5 1
meltnn oxford suits, double-breasted
tight fitting vest, front suit tailored
and stitched seams, two rows of tailor
buttons, velvet coat collar, satin lined.
seven-gored skirt, tailored, percaline (QA
lined, velvet bound «JSOV/ ,
these are the items which crowd every
seasonable
underwear_ai i 2.
boys' natural gray Merino under-
wear, heavy quality shirts, silk
bound neck and front, pearl buttons Off? *-»
and ribbed tall, pants and drawers ■*WV
to match; sizes 16 to 34 Garment.
boys' and girls' natural gray camel hair and
ecarlet wool underwear, just enough cotton to
keep from shrinking: shirts silk bound neck
and front, pants and drawers to match,
Size 16 IS 20 22 24
Price 2.">e 30c 35c 40c 45c
Size 26 2S 30 32 34
Price 50c 55c 6Oc «5c 7Oc
ladles' natural gray wool mixed
underwear, heavy quality and
fleeced, jersey ribbed and shaped,
slightly damaged, shirts high neck
and long sleeves, crochet neck and
front, drawers to match, button on P>ftr*
Bide OUC
ladies' Australian wool underwear,
unshrinkable, color white and gray,
Jersey ribbed and fleeced, shirts
crochet neck and front, pants to *7 'C[r»
match, button on side, with draw * CfV*
string In back Garment.
ladles' Swiss ribbed all-wool un-
derwear, French make, Richelieu
ribbed, fine quality, H. N. L. S. .
and H. N. S. S., color pink, blue, <£ f ft ft
white and gray tjJl«vrvf
see other items in the Examiner.
mountain stream, pure as the crystal
waters, and for all the honor she has
won at home might as well have in
scribed her inspired thoughts on an au
tumn leaf and thrown it to the breeze.
But she has been taken up abroad. Her
genius, for it is nothing less, has been
recognized in London, a recent number
of The Outlook devoting to her and
her work more than a page. The kind
ly English critic quotes from her free
ly to show that she loves the fair land
where is her home, and yet he ex
presses surprise that she is either un
known or unappreciated in her native
country. The fact that she belongs to
California seems to weigh against her,
although what this prejudice really ac
complishes is to show that the people
of the United States are in sentiment
narrow, and in their store of literary
information but meagrely equipped. I
think the blame for this can be partly
fixed. That pestiferous Atherton wo
man, with no more soul than a turnip,
devoid of heart, falsely cynical, brazen
iy blase, us enough to prejudice a conti
nent against any source from which
she may emanate. She is a Califor
nian, and all others must come under
the ban she creates. Miss Coolbrith's
verse is pure and sweet. I refrain from
quoting much of it, because it is too
good to be shown in fragments, yet
here is one gem selected of many, and
in itself incomplete:
When the grass shall cover me,
Head to fout where I am lying.
When not any wind that blows,
Summer blooms nor winter snows
Shall awake me to your sighing,
Close above me as you pass
You will say: How kind she was,
You will say: How true she was,
When the grass grows over me.
Miss Coolbrith, so far as has been
my privilege to observe, does not at
tempt heroics. She is content with
melody and lilt, with sentiment, ten
derness, an appeal to the emotions.
Could anything be more beautiful than
this?
And the love my heart would speak
1 will fold in the lily's rim
That the lips of the blossoms, more
pure and meek,
May offer it up to him.
California has a right to be proud of
Ina Coolbrith. It is too busy now.
Some time it will awaken from its
dreams of gold and gain and conquest
to understand that here was one who
had been touched with the sacred fire.
It does not realize this yet. It is too
practical, too busy in the counting of
useful dollars. Besides all this, there
is a peculiar spirit manifest here, and
assuming the outward form of jeal
ousy. Let a Californian be successful
and the shafts designed to wound will
be hurled by those who had been his
fallow citizens. Bierce and Morrow
are great only away from home.
Twain and Hart are not extolled in
HALES.
lot No. 2. firs f a e is.e 75c yd.
1450 yards heavy brocaded, fancy jac-
quard silks on a rep ground; 19*4
inches wide, all silk and in 2, 3 and 4
tone color effects; its strong features
are:
exceptionally good color blends; fall,
1898, creations; choice patterns; will
make a furor among lovers of silk;
all Bilk— and when Rale's say all silk
our word is at stake.
capes.
plush cape, 20 inches long, 105 inches
sweep, thibet or marten trimmed, silk
lined, handsomely embroidered in braid
and trimmed with heads of marten, sizes <£PC
32 to 44 tptF
handsome trimmed plush cape, braided
and beaded, thibet fur trimmed around
high storm collar, down front and <££J j
around bottom tJJVJ \
hand kerchief a isie 2.
100 dozen ladies' embroidered Swiss
scalloped border handkerchiefs, some
with open and some with close embroid-
ery: these handkerchiefs were bought lnQ/>
bulk and are slightly soiled; good value c/w
at 15c Each.
notions-aisle 1.
black cotton lisle elastic, best quality, £?/-»
Vs, % and % Inch yard Uv
best quality bone casing, 3 yards In a A f*
piece, just enough for a dress; colors, TV*
blue, pink, red, black, gray and yellow... piece
60 double-dipped pins in a fancy wooden O/-»
box -^V/
corduroy skirt binding, IV4 Inches 01/>
wide, a good heavy binding. In navy, O2V»
brown, tan, gray, green and black yard
ladies' fancy silk-frilled elastic side |Q/>
supporters pair •vv
937-939-941-943-945-947 Market St.
California for the work they did here,
but such weaknesses as they had are
enlarged upon. The same pernicious
rule prevails in politics. A Californian
no sooner achieves eminence than he
becomes a target. From this spirit
Miss Coolbrith will not escape. Her
hope is in recognition afar, and this is
being realized. For one, I am glad to
know that her worth is being noted
and hope for her a measure of success
so full that those failing to contribute
to it may learn ultimately that they
were in error, and be ashamed.
A local doctor of repute says it is
possible to cure the whisky habit by in
jecting Into the veins of the toper a
quantity of blood from a horse. The
horse has first to be put through an
alcoholic course, designed to make of it
an equine soak. In other words, a
horse must be sacrificed in the endeavor
to rescue a man, and all the time there
is the possibility that the horse is of
more value than the man. I do not
have much sympathy for the drunkard,
and instead of resorting to artificial
means to brace him up, would be in
clined to encourage him to drink him
self off the earth and make room for
somebody with less appetite and more
brains.
• • •
The editor of the Pasadena News
modestly confesses to being the home
liest man in the town. There are a
few of us here who claim a similar dis
tinction as to San Francisco. A. J.
Waterhouse is one of a number and
the humble writer of these lines is will
ing to bet on a first prize for himself.
As fellow journalists, we ask the Pasa
dena beauty to keep away from the
city until the matter has been decided.
If he doesn't Waterhouse will be sent
to Pasadena to enter into competition
there.
• • *
According to the News of San Pedro,
a certain Justice of the Peace was re
cently drunk while on the bench.
Rightly enough, the News regards such
conduct as reprehensible. A spectacu
lar inebriate perched uncertainly on the
woolsack tends to bring into discredit
the administrative mechanism of the
law. It seems, however, that the
worst offending of tht? official was not
in getting loaded, but in denying it un
der oath. I leave to the indignant
editor the task of setting forth the
heinousness of the crime, deeming his
words more fitting than any others now
at hand. The following is merely an
excerpt, but it is fuller of character
than the Justice was of brew: • • •
"When he raised his right hand thua
to shock the whole fabric of our civili
zation by willful, deliberate, cold
blooded perjury." We heard the fab
ric rip up this way, but ascribed it to
the reckless manner in which Phelan
had hurled a hunk of purity.
* *
Nobody has a right to decry the
Kneipp method of curing disease. This
consists in washing the feet in the
dews of heaven, not, however, until the
dews have been precipitated. An un
shod stroll through the grass before the
morning sun has kissed it (the grass)
HALES.
lOt NO. 3- lnrerio S r e display 95C
946 yards (the cream of this Eastern
purchase), in fancy stripes, brocades
broches, alligator grounds; full 20%
inches wide.
"this silk is all fine silk," says out-
Eastern expert: "made from the lead-"
"ing Italian fllitures and warps, worth"
"certainly $1.35, $1.50 and $1.75 per"
"yard."
jackets.
tan Jacket, fine quality kersey, tailor
made box front, velvet coat collar,
fancy pearl buttons, satin lined CJ Ift
throughout, sizes 32 to 40 fJJ 1 vf.
fine black kersey jacket, velvet
collar, best satin lined through-
out, fly front, cutaway, also in fir |f* 7'P%
tan and new blue, sizes 32 to 3S.«J>*v>» * **
aisle in Hale's big stores for six days !
what a nickel
Will bliy-in the bazaar, aisle 4.
plated butter knife. dressing comb.
purse. fine-tooth comb.
8-Inch button-hook. handbrush.
table knife or fork. talcum powder.
trarinp wheel. 2 cakes soap.
stickpins. lavender smelling salt
12 collar buttons. chamois.
beauty pins. 2 nursing nipples.
1000 sheets toilet. face powder.
2 bottles good ink. curling irons, vaseline. |
2-oz. bottle machine oil. washrag and soap. .
60 sheets note paper. Tappan's cologne.
1 dozen lead pencils. glove stove polisher.
120 inches crepe paper, paring knife.
24 sheets box writing 3 packages tacks.
paper. handle tea strainer.
113-sheet tablet. enameled soup ladle,
sponge or toothbrush.
dry will certainly result in cleansing
the feet, may soften the corns, get up
an appetite for breakfast, fill the lungs
with air yet unsullied by the fumes of
Examiners being circulated through
the crematory chimney. Furthermore,
people who essay by some peculiar
method to banish malady are usually
afflicted in imagination alone and if
they can stimulate their imagination
in the opposite direction much will be
added to the sum of human happiness.
The most distressing ailment is the one
which exists only in fancy, as the
phantom snake is more fearsome than
the real article.
« • •
Part of good citizenship is manifest
in abiding by the law. Yet, as the
people enact the laws, there are times
when they seem in duty bound to sus
pend them. There is no probability
that San Francisco will ever be the
scene of another lynching. In theory
such an episode would be without ex
cuse, and would constitute a lasting
disgrace. Perhaps this is true. How
ever, my personal wish would be to see
the next murderer who adds to the lung
record of crime here swing from a
lamp post without having thirty sec
onds in which to insult divine mercy
with a prayer. There seems to be a
belief that a girl in refusing to marry
some low-browed scoundrel thereby
commits a capital offense, and that the
scoundrel becomes the executioner. I
do not hesitate to say this belief is
tinged of error. Neither can the man
who kills his wife, leaving his children
motherless and unprotected, be put to
better use than as a terrible example.
It seems too bad to waste the time of
the courts in establishing the guilt of
men concerning whose guilt there Is
no doubt. Within the last few days
two women have been slain under the
circumstances outlined. In neither in
stance was there a shadow of mitiga
tion, and the bloody handed wretches
are not fit to live. There were several
j attempts of a similar nature. Men so
degraded as to butcher women are be
yond possible reform. The law can do
nothing for them but kill them and get
I them out of the way. But the law is
j so deliberate, so tender of the assassin,
so full of quips and delay, that it tries
the patience more severely than It does
the prisoner at the bar.
With the promptness expected after
the death of a millionaire, the battle
for the fortune left by Adolph Sutro
has begun. If Mrs. Kluge is entitled
to anything I hope she may get it.
This does not discourage a belief that
the average "widow" bobbing up rrom
obscurity to weep at the tomb or the
deceased, wiping her eye with one
hand and reaching for his gold with
the other, is a most annoying type of
fraud. Either she has no claim grow
ing out of former association, or if
such association ever existed, it left her
a good way ahead of the game. The
Craven reach toward the Fair estate
is fresh in the public memory. Per
haps Mrs. Craven is an angel of light.
It may be that she would shudder at
the thought of putting up a Job and
faint in the presence of a forged docu
ment. I only know what was pub
lished of the testimony, the remarks of
the lawyers, and while the matter is
HALES.
waists.
just In, an elegaTit line or fancy plaid
velvet waists, lined throughout, in fit
perfect, the latest New York produc- <tflh
tlon, sizes 32 to 38 «J>O
silk taffeta waists in assorted colors
and black, tucked front and back and CO
sleeves, sizes 32 to 40 tJ>O
neckwear- a isie2.
ladles' lace and Swiss bows, in
pink, blue Nile and cream; all silk
! plaid, lace trimmed" stocks, with
boas and with 4-In-hand stocks
trimmed with velvet; also fluffy
taffeta silk and Brussels net CA/>
pompadour collarettes, with black tll/w
ribbon ends Each.
• ladles' full blouse fronts, with
stock collar, an elegant assort-
ment at this price, made of plain
'and shirred liberty and striped
grenadine.: ladles' velvet and satin
lace cascaded jabots; also ladles' Crt Off?
lace-trimmed velvet collarettes, <{>I»^6O
worth $150 to $2 Each.
domestic
attractions_a!s!e 3.
Jacquard robe blankets, fine Cr£J ft ft
quality wool, In blue, brown, tans *i>\J»\J\J
and pink . each
60 pair gray wool (also brown) ft* A Off?
blankets. 64xS0. In Dink, blu». rjea tprrw^CJ
and lemon-colored .borders pair
100 dosen sheets, bleached, hemmed, P?ft/-»
for large-size double beds, 81x90 inches. Ul/v
heavy grade -• each
420 pillow-cases, large size, 64x36, IQI/>
fine quality. 3%-lnch sateen border la%v
hem. extra value each
different items in the Examiner.
none of my concern it strikes me as
strange that Mrs. Craven has never
been arrested. Thi3 view is not
prompted by any sympathy with the
Fairs, but springs from a prejudice
against robbery. As a simple Justice,
I would rather see the money go to a
lot of honest attorneys than to a fraud
ulent claimant. I hope Mrs. Kluge will
not take offense. There is also the
possibility that she. too, 'may be an an
ge"l of light. Anyhow the cause will
not be tried in this column and noth
ing said here can have influence on the
legal trial, as no man intelligent
enough to read these remarks will ba
accepted for jury duty.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I "THE CREDIT HO USE"
Six Stories High
II Ww
: A handy piece of furni-
ture — fobourette in oak
or mahogany finish, clover
leaf design ...,y... ...65c
Dainty parlor or reception chair, mo-
hogany finish, upholstered in fancy
velours. (All parlor furniture is mo-
hogany now-a-days) $1.75
The new ideas are here. Self-acting
reclining chair; adjusts ifself to any
position. Upholstered in corduroy.
Because it is new and unknown the
price is ..'• .....':...-.. $6£o
Triumph Folding Bed, an old stand-
by: an economizer of room and money.
Full size, for two adults $7.25:
Holiday buyers will find much to
interest them — new goods in every
day, suitable for gifts. Purchases can
be made now, to be shipped any date.
CARPET DEPARTMENT
Easy matter to make selection in
our carpet department — room
and good light, so the carpet may be
seen and compared.
Gray Fur Rugs, 30x60 inches, a rug
we've sold lots 0f..... •• $1-2*
Free delivery. Oakland. Alameda, Berkeley
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.
, 233 to 237 Post Street
Open erenings Near Stockton