VOLUME LXXXIV.— NO. 14.
TWO DAYS' HOT SKIRMISHING
ABOUT GUANTANAMO BAY
SPANIARDS
BEATEN OFF BY
OUR MARINES
Americans in Posses
sion of a Fine Base
of Operations.
ON BOARD THE HERALD-CALL DISPATCH BOAT,
OFF PORT ANTOXIO, via Kingston, Jamaica, June 13. — Fur
ther details of the fight at Guantanamo show that the Spanish lacked
the courage to attempt to earn- the ridge by a bayonet charge. They
adopted bushwhacking tactics, which made the men on the ridge
weary, though they showed unflinching courage throughout the
whole engagement.
Captain G. F. Elliott of Company C, who is an old warhorse,
stalked about camp giving advice to his men, who smiled in re
sponse through the flashes of the rifles.
First Lieutenant J. E. Mahoney of Company E, when a man
fired accidentally, strode to his side, restraining him in one breath
and encouraging him in the next.
Lieutenant-Colonel R. Y. Huntington, calm and watchful,
passed through the gloom with Adjutant H. L. Draper and Quar
termaster Charles L. Macawley, going the rounds as though night
attacks were merely a matter of ordinary detail.
Surely soldiers never had better examples than those which
their officers afforded. Daylight was slow in coming.
The Cuban colonel, who acted as guide and scout, said: "The
Spanish will make an attempt to carry the ridge with a rush at day
break."
The marines replied that they hoped that light would come
soon, so that they might be able to see the Spanish uniforms at
close range. The defenders of the ridge grew very impatient at the
slow arrival of dawn. When the darkness finally began to melt
away the marines could see the Spaniards dodging about in the
green lines of the thicket. As their firing grew hotter the Spanish
uniforms became scarcer. Then came the news of the death of Ser
geant Charles H. Smith.
The Spaniards removed their dead and wounded, but blood
stains in the nearest positions which they had occupied during the
night told that the volleys fired by the marines had been effective.
The Marblehead at 6 o'clock Sunday morning signaled that
the enemy was seen over to the right. The twelve-pounder in the
camp of the marines was trained in that direction and opened fire on
what proved to be a body of infantry.
The Texas arrived after sunrise, and as the Spanish firing was
increased, it was concluded that Colonel Huntington wanted rein
forcements. Captain J. R. Phillips landed forty marines with two
Colt automatic guns. Twenty marines from the Marblehead fol
lowed, and the Marblehead moved slowly southward, throwing
shells in the direction of the enemy's flank.
The guns from the Texas were dragged slowly up the zigzag
path to the earthworks on the crest of the ridge occupied by the
camp.
Colonel Huntington decided that it would be useless to sacri
fice his men by keeping them where they were. While one com
pany deployed in skirmish line and moved against the enemy, the
main body retreated under cover to a position behind the earth
works, where the guns from the Texas and two field pieces are now
mounted.
One man from the Herald-Call dispatch boat remained all
night with the marines, and with the others mounted the slope. At
io o'clock in the morning the Spaniards opened fire with one gun
directly across the bar from our position on the ridge, and also
opposite the Texas and Herald-Call dispatch boat Somers N.
Smith. They aimed at the Texas, the Smith and the collier. This
gun commanded the camp. Before the Spaniards found the range
the Texas opened fire from both broadsides, shelling the brush
north of the camp of the marines at short range, and also shelling
the gun which just began firing from such an unexpected quarter,
northwest of the bay.
The collier Abarendos opened with her three-inch gun on the
Spanish position in the mountains. That Spanish gun was silenced
in five minutes. Then, moving southward, the Marblehead opened
a flanking fire on the Spaniards who were engaging Colonel Hunt
mgton's skirmishers. Between the roar of the big guns could be
heard the splutter of the automatic pieces. The rifle bullets hummed
across the deck of the Texas, one striking near Captain Phillips
while I was talking with him. The Panther was struck by bullets
frequently. On the ships the only man who suffered was the Cuban
pilot on the Marblehead, who was shot in the leg. The Marblehead
was still firing at 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
At that time Colonel Huntington's skirmishers were still away,
striking their tents in the advanced position. It was the general
opinion that the marines could hold their position, but only by stiff
fighting. The men were all worn out by fatigue and loss of sleep.
Troops are expected here to-day, and if they have not been sent the
delay can only have been caused by criminal negligence at Wash
ington.
John Blairs Gibbs, the surgeon who was killed in the night at
The San Francisco Call
SPAIN READY
TO CONSIDER
PEACE OFFER
Eager to flccept Arjy Proposal
TJ)at "Does Not Emanate
From the Enemy."
BRUSSELS, June 13.— A special Madrid correspondent of the Petit
Bleau of this city has telegraphed an Interview which he claims to
have had with Senor Morino, the private secretary of the Spanish Pre
mier, Senor Sagasta, in which the secretary is quoted as having form
ally declared that the Spanish Government would now accept any
peace proposal which was submitted "on the express condition that it
does not emanate from the enemy." But the Premier's secretary is
said to have added:
"The international mediation which would be especially welcomed
on the part of Spain would be in the case of the initiative being taken
by France or Austria."
tack, had worked all day to get his hospital ready for the wounded.
He paid no heed to the Spanish bullets which cut through the can
vas of his tent. When his task had been completed, as a steady vol
ley from the Spaniards swept over the ridge, he walked out to see
how the men were faring. When he
was fifteen feet from the hospital a
Mauser bullet pierced his temple. He
was carried to the shelter of the trench
which marines had dug on first landing
and laid there in a sheltered spot. His
case was hopeless from the first. Half
an hour later Lieutenant Neville hur
ried Into camp saying: "Where is Sur
geon Gibbs? Ona of my men Is
wounded."
The hospital orderly saluted and said:
"Surgeon Gibbs died a moment ago,
sir." Surgeon Gibbs' mother lives in
Richmond. He was a volunteer of a
few weeks' standing and was extremely
popular. He was absolutely fearless.
First Lieutenant W. C. Neville and
Second Lieutenant M. J. Shaw of Com
pany D were cut off from the main
body for the night, while the post held
by the marines was aflame and an al
most continuous rattle showed tha
desperate engagements In advance and
to the right. The lieutenants defended
themselves successfully and fought
their way slowly back toward camp.
They abandoned Sergeant Charles H.
Smith's body only when it became
plain that many lives must be sacri
ficed in bringing it away under the
withering fire.
Once several guerrilla skirmishers
passed almost through the marines'
camp on the edge of the crest and dis
appeared to the northward. They were
quickly lost in the peculiar darkness of
the tropical brush. Sometimes the
range was so short that our officers
were using their revolvers, firing when
they saw flashes.
Admiral Sampson early last week re
solved to await no longer the coming
of American troops before seeking to
establish a landing spot at some point
not far east af Santiago. He decided
to seize Guantanamo Bay, owing to its
many advantages as a rendezvous for
, both navy and army. Tha American
SAN FKANCISCO, TUESDAY, JUNE 14, 1898.
UNITED STATES CRUISER SAN FRANCISCO, Wh>ich Werjt flshore Yesterday, but Was Floated Off Without Apparent iQjury.
admiral on Wednesday communicated
his decision to Commander McCall of
the Marblehead who, with the Yankee
and St. Louis, left Santiago at 4
o'clock on Thursday morning to carry
out the plan.
As I have indicated In previous dis
patches, Admiral Sampson has been
Impatient over the delay In sending
troops to aid in the capture of San
tiago. It has been his desire to estab
lish a base on the southern coast of
Cuba, and Captain Cervera's course In
seeking a refuge in Santiago harbor
seemed to him to make that the best
point from which to direct American
operations.
It became evident to the admiral,
however, that he would be left without
a base indefinitely if he continued to
wait for the arrival of troops and he re
solved to select some advantageous
point forthwith. The blockade of San
tiago seemed likely to continue for
some time, and the United States had
no base of supplies nearer than Key
West. The fleet was much in need of a
safe harbor on the southern coast,
where warships could coal and trans
fer provisions from the provision ships.
Coaling at sea, although skillfully ac
complished by Commodcrre Schley's ves
sels off Santiago, is very precarious In
rough weather. This made it impera
tive to secure a harbor where the col
liers, supply ships and torpedo ships
could safely He in all kinds of weather,
and where troopships could lie when
they should arrive. In view of this sit
uation the selection of Guantanamo
Bay was most natural. Its advantages
for American purposes are second only
to Santiago, and no Spanish fleet with
such a skillful commander as Admiral
Cervera would have to be reckoned
with after the land defenses were de
stroyed.
Guantanamo Bay is about forty miles
from Santiago and is admirably suited
GOES ASHORE
DURING A FOG
Accident to the San
Francisco.
ESCAPES SERIOUS DAMAGE
DRAWN OFF BY FOUR TUGS AT
HIGH TIDE.
Officers of the Cruiser Believe That It
Will Not Be Necessary to
Place Her in the
Drydock.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HIGHLAND LIGHT, Mass.,
Tune 13. — The flagship San
Francisco, with Commodore
Howell on board, while attempt
ing to round Cape Cod in a fog,
went ashore near High Head
life saving station at 7 o'clock
this morning, but by the hard
work of the crew, which threw
overboard a large quantity of
coal and ballast, and the assist
ance of four tugs from Boston,
she came off at high tide at 6
o'clock to-night, apparently un
injured. The San Francisco
struck head on, going at a speed
of about eight knots. A hurried
examination did not disclose any
injuries to the cruiser, and it is
probable that she will not have
to be dry docked.
to Sampson's purpose. It Is one of the
largest and finest harbors on the en
tire coast of Cuba. It consists of two
land-locked bays, one of which could
easily accomodate a large number of
ships. The inner ba- is separated from
the outer by a narrow tortuous channel
navigable only with great care. On the
Inner bay is situated the town of Cai
manera, garrisoned by 3000 Spanish
troops and protected by a fort and sev
eral gun boats.
The fort Is quite a pretentious mili
tary structure, built on a small tongue
of land which puts across the channel
between the outer and inner bay. It
completely covers the entrance, and
ships in entering must pass within fifty
yards of its guns. It is built of yellow
stone. The extensive barracks adjoin
ing seem in good condition and present
a much more formidable appearance
than the castles which frown above
the entrance to Santiago harbor.
Knowing the value of Guantanamo
Bay to the Americans, the Spaniards
made as powerful and desperate a re
sistance as they could.
NOW WELL
ON THE WAY
TO CUBA
Over pifteen Thousapd
Troops Sail prom
Key West.
Arriving at Santiago on Thursday,
No Time Will Be Lost in TaK
ing That City.
WASHINGTON, June 13.— The first army of invasion
to Cuba is now well on its way, thirty-two transport steam
ships, bearing over 15,000 officers and men, convoyed by bat
tleships, cruisers, gunboats and auxiliary craft, sixteen in
number, having actually sailed from Key West at daybreak
this morning.
An authoritative statement to this
effect was made at the War Depart
ment to-day, setting at rest all reports
that the expedition was on Its way, or
had landed last week. The authorities
made the announcement for the reason
that the time for secrecy was passed
as the scout boats had made sure that
the path was clear before it and that
no possible menace could come from the
Spanish ships or troops, even should
the enemy know that our forces were
now advancing against them. With
the expedition off officials here feel that
there will be a period of comparative
inaction for a few days.
By Thursday at the latest the trans
ports will be off Santiago and a large
American army will make its landing
on Cuban soil. Admiral Sampson has
cleared the way for this undertaking
and little danger is apprehended In
getting ashore. It will be after that,
when the advance is made, that the
actual developments may be expected.
By that time it is likely the American
commanders will be in direct cable
communication with the authorities
here. Admiral Sampson has taken the
shore end of the cable landing at Guan
tanamo and a force of cable experts
are rapidly restoring the line to work
ing order.
The progress of this work has been
so satisfactory that one of the leading
officials of the State Department said
to-day that it was hoped that direct
cable communication would be estab
lished by Thursday. It will put an end
to the dearth of official information
concerning Important movements and
will enable the authorities here to keep
In close touch with those executing the
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
strategic movements. The troops mak
ing up the expedition which started to
day are as follows:
United States Infantry Regi
ments—Sixth, Sixteenth and
Seventy-first; New York Volun
teers—Tenth. Twenty-first, Sec
ond, Thirteenth, Ninth, Twenty
fourth, Eighth, Twenty-second
and Second: Massachusetts Vol
unteers—First, Fifteenth, Thir
teenth, Seventh. Seventeenth,
Third and Twentieth. Total in
fantry, 561 officers and 10,709 en
listed men.
Cavalry — Two dismounted
squadrons of four troops each
from the Third, Sixth, Ninth,
First and Tenth Cavalry, and
two dismounted squadrons of
four troops each from the First
United States Volunteer Cav
alry. Total dismounted cavalry,
159 officers, 2875 enlisted men;
mounted cavalry, one squadron
of the Second, 9 officers and 280
enlisted men.
Artillery— Light Batteries E
and K. First Artillery; A and F,
Second Artillery. 14 officers and
323 enlisted men; Batteries G and
H. Fourth Artillery, 4 officers
and 132 enlisted men.
Engineers — Companies C and
E, 9 officers and 200 enlisted men.
Signal Corps — One detachment,
2 officers and 45 enlisted men.
Hospital detachments are in
cluded in the above figures.
The staff corps numbers fif
teen officers. The grand total of
the expedition is 773 officers and
14,564 enlisted men.
Aside from the men and officers
making up the expedition, the boats
carried a vast quantity of supplies,
ammunition and war equipment neces
sary to maintain an organization of2
this size for at least sixty days. Every
detail for the landing of this party has
been worked out by the engineer corps
of the army. It will be a laborious pro
cess at best, and will take a full day
or more. The point of landing has been
bo chosen that there is little danger of
an interruption from the Spanish
forces, l>ut should they attempt to
make trouble Admiral Sampson's ships
Will insure ample protection until the
troops can care for themselves.
The Spanish Cadiz fleet is almost as
much <>f a mystery to the naval officers
here as was Admiral Cervera's flying
squadron during the two weeks im
mediately preceding its inglorious
bottling up at Santiago. To-day a re
port came that the squadron was unfit
for Bea. That would have been credited
except tli it the department has had in
formation aa late as Saturday to the
effect that the squadron was already at
eea and was about to depart. About
a week before that it had been told that
the Cadiz fleet had sailed. Having in
mind these conflicting reports, the War
Board scarcely knows where to give
credence, though it would seem to be
an extraordinary circumstance that the
least doubt could exist as to the pres
ence in or absence from the harbor of
a populous city such as Cadiz of a whole
BQuadron of warships. However, the
weight of opinion seems to incline to
tlif presence of the fleet at Cadiz, owing
to the bad condition of the ships. It
may be noted, however, that although
acting vi I(| n this belief, as shown by
the beginning of the military invasion
iba, the War Hoard is taking no
chances of a surprise, and, by means
of BCOUts, has provided for securing
y warning of the approach of any
■ force to the seat of war.
The news of the attack by the Rpan
!;>on thr.- T'nited States marines at
Guantanamo Bay Saturday night was
hot confirmed by official ad' ices up to
the close of the day here. However,
there la no disposition to question the
of the press reports, and the
rs h;wl a rather sobering effect
upon the element that has insisted upon
rushing troops forward regardless of
their v
Saturday night's action shows that
the Spanish are not afraid to charge
boldly upon United Whites tmnps and
the prospects of a bushwhacking war-,
fare disclosed by the Spanish move- !
ments are anything but agreeable to ;
the persons who have been hoping for
a Bhoii campaign. A good deal of sur
prise Is expressed at the failure of that ,
report to mention any substantial aid
ed from the insurgents by the i
United States marines camped on the !
crest of the hill. Re-enforcements were
from our own ships, but it does ,
ppear In the reports that the ma- !
lines ha<l help from the men best cal
culate! from tht-ir experience In jungle:
fighting to be of Bervice In an encounter
with Spanish guerrillas. Without any j
disparagement of the fighting ability
• marines, who appear to have ac
quitted thi mselves with the greatest
credit bo far as concerns their bravery
and Bteadinese undor lire, the question
has been raised in the minds of the ex
perts whether, Calling in any substan
tial i from the Cubans who
were r sported to have been so numerous j
in the vicinity would not soldiers I
trained In Indian fighting be of more ;
Bervice In a Cuban jungle campaign.
Nothing si. severely taxes th-> courage
lind endurance of troops as to be shot
at fiom cover by an unsten foe, and
only troops trained in "'>ir latest skirm
ish drill can render effective service in
such attacks.
The Navy Department has concluded
that it has purchased as many small
r the auxiliary fleet as it re
quires and an intimation to that effect
was conveyed to Admiral Erben, in
of that Bervice, to-day.
The work for the troops now on the
way when they have reached Sampson's
squadron is already definitely planned.
The first point of attack will be the
city of Cruantanamo, some fifteen miles
inland from the bay of the same name
and connected by rail with Caimanera.
Tin* latter place is already under the
American flag, but it is not likely that
Admiral Sampson will allow the ad
jacent city to remain in the possession
Spanish garrison. Guantanatno
Bay Is to be the base of supplies and
tin- shell. -r for the American fleet, and
(juently must be absolutely free
from any menace of danger. On the
Bhores of the bay will be dumped
thousands of tons of coal from colliers
Bent th.-re for the purpose and this will
obviate the necessity of frequent return
to Key West or even of coaling at sea.
M< >L.E ST. NICHOLAS. June 12.—
Th- expedit^Dn from Tampa under Gen
eral Bhafter, convoyed by American
warships, is anxiously awaited by the
fleet off S .•■. •■ tuba. Operations
will begin Immediately after the ar
rival of the transports, which are ex
pected this week.
PLANS OF POWERS TO
TREAT FOR PEACE
Spain Seems to Be Banking on a Pos
sible Combination Against
the Unites States.
PARTS. June 13.— The Temps this af
ternoon publishes a dispatch from Ma
drid in which it is said that the com
munications exchanged by high offi
cials at Madrid, Vienna and Berlin do
not treat directly of peace, but that
"an important view of the situation
may arise out of Germany's hostile at
titude to the development of American
Intervention in the Philippine Islands."
In connection with the reported in
tention of the United States to occupy
the Ladrone and Caroline Islands, it hi
pointed out in the dispatch that Ger
many has long desired Ponape as a
coaling station.
As the Spanish Cabinet does not con
sider the moment at hand to discuss
peace, the dispatch continues, "The
war party and the press interpret the
international pour parlers as an indi
cation of an understanding and a com
bination possibly leading to European
co-operation against the United
Suites."
MADRID, June 13.— A semi-official
note issued to-day emphatically contra
dicts all the American reports of opera- i
tions In Cuba and even denies that the
Americans have effected a landing in j
Gu.tntanamo Bay or elsewhere. The
note concludes: "The European powers
will make a mistake in imagining that
Spain Is discouraged and at the end of i
her resources. On the contrary, Spain
is full of hope and determined to con- j
tinue the war."
WEYLER MAY LEAD
TROOPS TO PHILIPPINES
Talk of Sending Out an Expedition
Under tne Leadership of the
Cuban Butcher.
WASHINGTON, June 13.-A well-known
diplomat, the representative of a foreign
nation. Is authority for the statement that
a strong movement has been inaugurated
in Madrid for the purpose of sending an
iition under weyler to the Philippine
Islands. This information comes to the
diplomat from his home Government, and
Is said to have been r. oetved from reli
able sources in the Spanish capital.
EMBARRASSED BY THE
IMMUNE REGIMENTS
So Far the President Has Not Ap
pointed a Single Negro
Officer.
NEW YORK. June 13.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Negro Im
mune regiments eeem to be causing some
embarrassment to the President. For. ex
ample, not a single negro officer has yet
been appointed. It was frankly admitted
to me by an army officer to-day that
white officers commanding regiments did
not relish the possibility of having, to
mess with negroes, whether they were
officer* or cot.
JOE LEITER
FORCED TO
THE WALL
Now the "Young Napoleon"
of the Wheat Pit Is
Unloading.
Financial Backers Desert Him and
He Is Compelled to Be^in
Liquidation.
CHICAGO, June 13.— This has been a
day of excitement and wild rumor in
the Chicago wheat pit. A reverse that
looks like a Waterloo has come to the
"young Napoleon of finance," Joseph
Loiter. At first there was a wild tum
ble of prices on the boara, July wheat
selling down 1 cent from Saturday's
close, while September lost 4%c and
December 3%c, but all made a little re
covery before the close.
It was given out that Leiter had or
dered his deals all closed and a selling
rush was the result of the execution of
this order, accompanied as it was by a
flood of rumors concerning the stability
of the big bull movement which for
months has been the important factor
on the Board of Trade dealings. One
of these rumors was that Leiter had
been deserted by some of his associates
in the campaign. In the meantime
prices were becoming demoralized.
Letter's wheat was being tumbled and
later in the day Leiter made no at
tempt to conceal the fact that he had
JOSEPH LESTER, the Latest Plunger to Come to
Grief on the Floor of the Chicago Wheat Pit.
sold out all his holdings in futures,
probably 5, >,i) 00 bushels of
wheat, it i line out that he had trans
ferred most of his trades in futures to
other well-known business houses and
that they were pretty well protected
by margins, so that whatever losses
there were would fall upon Leiter. His
cash wheat, one report said, was trans
ferred to Armour, but a later story was
that it would be "trusteed" and handled
in such a way as to prevent the slump
which would be inevitable if all were
thrown on the market at once.
Before the final close the panic partly
subsided and July reacted 4 cents, Sep
tember selling up 1% cents and De
cember making 2 cents raliy, selling a
shade above September, where it was
1 cent under Saturday.
None of the principals on the Leiter
crisis were willing to discuss the causes
which led to his abdication, and the
most plausible explanation that can be
offered at this time is, therefore, cir
cumstantial and speculative. The ffrst
indication of approaching dissolution
in the Leiter regime came this morn-
Ing, when the announcement was made
that all his cash and June wheat had
been transferred by Allen, Greer & Sel
lar, Leiter's brokers, to Philip D. Ar
mour and that the September option, of
which Leiter '.vat a heavy holder, had
been transferred to Lamsun Bros.
These reported transactions gave rist
to conjectures that soon developed into
a panic. At the outset it was rumored
that Leiter waa trying to get out of the
market, but the fact that Allen, Grier
& Sellar had transferred their trades to
Lamsun Bros, instead of selling out di
rectly, aroused the suspicion that Lei
ter was hard pressed and was endeav
oring to dispose of hia immense hold
ings without disclosing the causes of
his sudden withdrawal from the pit.
After the close of business Saturday I
millions of bushels of September wheat j
"puts" were sold in the vicinity of 71Vfec,
Lamson Bros, apparently having large
orders for this line.
Shortly before the opening of the I
Board of Trade to-day brokers, sup- j
posed to be acting for Leiter, were !
ready sellers. The "put" price was :
speedily reached ar.d Leiter, if the i
Lamsons arc acting for him, was en
abled to dispose of millions of wheat i
on the sale of "puts," whereas if the
actual wheat had been sold in the mar
ket there would have been even more
of a break. Had Allen, Grier & Sellar
made the sales, the street would have
suspected a ruse, but coming from
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 14, 1898.
Lamson Bros., there was no such indi
cation as to the identity of the seller.
It is estimated that during the day
from eight million to ten million bush
els of Leiter wheat, optional and visi
ble were sold to the account of the
"young Napoleon."
This is supposed to have consisted
chielly of options in September, July
and June wheat, stored in Minneapolis,
St. Paul, Duluth ami Cli*<*ago. It was
stated on the floor that the bankers of
the Northwest, who bavi oeen carrying
the Northwestern bull clique; refused
to carry their burden for a longer time,
and that calls had been made by North
western dealers, particularly the Min
neapolis interests, for margins down to
90 cents. These, it is said, were fol
lowed by calls upon Leiter here to mar
gin his wheat holdings denvn to SO cents.
Mr. Leiter had about 4,0'j0,000 bushels of
cash wheat on hand, much of which he
is said to have disposed of at a loss.
Later it was reported that L. Z. Leiter,
when asked by his'son for more money,
had refused to be drawn further into
the wheat deal and thus compelled the
latter to let go a large line uf his hold-
ings in order to satisfy his warehouse
creditors and marginal demands.
Representatives of the Northwestern
interests appear to have precipitated
the crisis by coming to Chicago Satur
day and learning that L. Z. Leiter
would not advance any more money on
his son's account.
Mr. Letter's friendl Insist that he has
not made an assignment, but It is ad
mitted to-night that the Leiter inter
ests has been "trusteed."
Joseph Leiter could not be located to
night. L. Z. Leiter was seen, but posi
tively declined to say a word.
Joseph Loiter entered the market
April £0, 1897, and Immediately after
ward, the pressure of a tremendous
power was felt, but no man knew
whose was the hand. Leiter's first or
der was negotiated by Broker George
B. French. It was for 100,000 bushels of
May wheat at 70% cents per bushel
Then orders came thick and fast. The
cheapest wheat bought by Leiter was
500,000 bushels, bought June 18, 1897 for
September delivery, at 64% cents.
The deal ran fourteen months, during
which time the price of wheat was
down to 64% cents in June, 1897, and up
to $1 So in May, 1898. It involved at
one time an interest of more than 35 -
000,000 bushels of wheat.
The Illinois Trust ' and Savings
Bank probably will be selected as trus
tee for the Leiter grain and will place
one or two broker representatives in
the market. Accurate figures as to Mr
Leiter's holdings when he decided to li
quidate are difficult to secure. The best
estimates Indicate that he had 12,000 000
bushels of wheat in Duluth and Min'n«»
apolis, 2,000.000 bushels en route to
Europe and 2,000,000 bushels in or en
route to New York. Mr. Leitor W \U not
make an assignment and court proceed
ings for the settlement of his grain ac
count will not be necessary.
John J. Mitchell, president of the 1111
nois Trust and Saving Bank, said to
night: "Mr. Leiter has not failed and
will not fail. No assignment in the set
tlement of his affairs will be necessary
L. Z. Leiter having been acquainted
with the status of Joseph Leiter on the
wh^at market, detrmined that the deal
should stop now, co steps for a settle
ment were taken immediately.
"The banks are well protected find
there will not be a dollar lost. I know
that no bank lent money on this wheat
at over 80 cents on the bushel. Most
of {he Chicago banks were lenders,
also those In Minneapolis and Duluth
and some in New York.
"The question of selecting: a trustee
has not been decided. It may be found
that a trustee is not necessary. Prob
ably one or two brokers will be chosen
to represent the interests of the cred
itors in the market. But these matters
of detail will not be settled before the
end of this week. The wheat to be dis
posed of will not be handled so as to
produce uncertain market conditions.
The banks can afford to hold it if neces
sary, and there is nothing in the entire
transaction to occasion alarm."
MUCH EXCITEMENT
IN MINNEAPOLIS
But Banks of the Northwest Are Not
Affected by the Action of
Leiter.
MINNEAPOLIS, June 13.— The big
break in wheat to-day caused much ex
citement on 'Change and among the
grain men. Leiter's failure to carry
the load which he attempted to handle
may have been expected by some, but
to the great majority it was a surprise.
The statement that Northwestern
banks would, be affected by the action
of Leiter is not true, at least to any
appreciable degree.
C. A. Pillsbury, asked In regard to
his opinion of the break, its causes and
results, said:
"The cause of the break In wheat to
day was that Mr. Leiter attempted to
carry too heavy a load and put the price
of wheat too high. If lie had never at
tempted to put the price above $1 40
he would probably have won out great
money, as it was legitimately worth
that, but when the market did not
come up to his expectations he kept in
creasing his load, and I understand
there was nearly 7,000,000 bushels sold
in Chicago to-day on his account. Of
course, offerings of such, an enormous
quantity of wheat on the market at
one time depressed prices, and it is
strange to me that it has not depressed
then more. And while this is being
sacrifi.d on the market prices will be
temporarily as much lower than they
legitimately should be as they have
been higher than they legitimately
should have been. Wheat is worth le
gitimately 25 rents more than It closed
at to-day, and in my opinion will be
selling at about that much when the
liquidation owing to the scare is over.
In a few days the mills will be as eager
for wheat at a dollar a bushel and up
ward as they have been apathetic con
cerning it at $1 40 and upward."
President Chamberlain of the Se
curity National Bank said the banks of
the Northwest were nut put to any in
convenience on account of Mr. Leiter,
as he has no dealings with them. The
most persistent rumors connected
Messrs. Pillsbury and Peavy of this
city with the deal. The latter gentle
man, however, claimed to be totally
ignorant of the cause of the break.
Mr. Leiter has some wheat in Minne
apolis and Duluth elevators, which is
the only interest the two have in com
mon. Leiter is said to own moat of the
contract wheat ■ in Minneapolis and
Duluth in public stocks, and the
Leiter cash interests will be a feature
in cash trading for some time to come.
It is true also that Minneapolis will be
drawn upon for export wheat from now
on, or till the decline is checked.
LEITER'S DOW.JFALL
LONG PRhDICTED
San Francisco Shorts Who Cleared
Up Big Money on the
Break.
The all-absorbing topic on 'Change
yesterday was Joe Leiter's Waterloo.
Many had foreseen this result over
eight months ago. Nevertheless this
same young man caused tropical plants
to thrive in the gardens of the" profes
sional bears, r. That the end would be
disastrous nohf^e at- all familiar with
grain specular/on denied, but when was
the end to come? Certainly not until
after he had driven July so high that
the shorts would require a stepladder
to reach it. As is always the case the
unexpected happens. However, Leiter
must be given due credit for the good
his pluck has done. Had it not been
for him wheat never would have
reached the high figures it did. He
forced foreigners to pay dearly for their
supplies. This brought to American
wheat producers many dollars that
would never have been theirs without
Leiter. His manipulation of the deal
has never been equaled, his great fault
undoubtedly resting in his over confi
dence that the growing crops would not
be as large as the trade generally an
ticipated. Weather ; conditions were
against him this season as strongly as
they were favorable to him last year.
The announcement* on 'Change that
Leiter had assigned caused a momen
tary flurry, December wheat breaking
to $1 31&. The effect was of short
duration. Many shorts took advantage
of the depression and filled outstanding
contracts.
Harry Wise bulled the price from
Jl 31^2 to $1 34 covering shorts. He has
been the Letter of the local market, but
not like Leiter. He sold out his long
contracts around $1 70 for December
and sold short a very heavy line. Those
contracts ho closed up yesterday through
Cutter & Moseley. It is undoubtedly
a fact that he cleaned up $7G,UUO on the
down turn. E. A. Bresse is crediteJ
with making $20,000 during the past ten
days shorting wheat. The trade ap a
whole is very much pleased that Leiter
has dropped out of the market, and
hereafter speculation will be free from
manipulation. Wheat has had a very
heavy break. It is more than likely .1
fair-sized rally is not far off. Armour
is credited with taking all of Letter's
spot wheat. Hl- does not generally buy
if his purchases have a sinking ten
dency. At all events prices are low
enough, conditions fully considered.
STORY OF MANILA'S FALL
DUE TO A MISTAKE
Frank Admission of the New York
Herald That Its Correspondent
Was in Error.
NEW YORK, June 13.— Under the
caption "A Mistake About Manila," the
Herald to-morrow will say: The Her
ald printed yesterday a dispatch from
its Washington correspondent stating
that Embassador Hay had sent to the
State Department information from a
British source that Manila had fallen.
It is with regret and no little embar
rassment that the Herald is obliged to
deny the accuracy of the story. It was
received by the Washington corre
spondent at an hc-ur too late to attempt
the usual official verification. It came
from a source usually trustworthy and
reliable.
The Herald would not knowingly
print an untruth, and, having been led
into error, makes the correction as
speedily as possible.
Germany's Alleged Designs.
LONDON, June 13.— The Singapore
correspondent of the Times says: "Let
ters received here from Manila dat<"-d
May 26, say that the prolonged confer
ences between the German Consul and
Captain-General Augusti were exciting
attention, and had led to the belief that
Germany has designs on the Sulu
archipelago."
Camp Life at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, June 13.— The military
company in camp at the powder works
begin active drilling to-day. Captain Rot
tanzi was ofiicer of the day. This even
ing Colonel B. Peyton gave a dinner to
the officers at his residence.
Cadiz Fleet Unfit for Sea.
WASHINGTON, June 13.— Word has
been received at the Navy Department
from a high though unofficial source that
Admiral Camara's Cadiz fleet haß been
found unfit for sea-
SIGNED BY
THE PRESIDENT
So the War Revenue Bill
Is, Now a Law.
S
PLANS FOR THE BOND ISSUE
■v ■ %
SECRETARY GAGE INVITES SUB
SCRIPTIONS.
Two Hundred Millions of Three Per
Cents Will Be Sold at Par for
a Period of Thirty-Two
Days.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 13.— The war
revenue bill was brought to the White
House by a House messenger at 1:25
o'clock, and was signed by the Presi
dent at 3:01 o'clock.
.Immediately upon receipt of the Infor
mation from the White ITouse that the
pST M eve .. nu S bIU had been si sned by the
President. Secretary Gage to-day issued
the following circular explaining to war
nue bill was brought to the White
se by a House messenger at 1:25
>ck, and was signed by the Presi
at 3:01 o'clock,
mediately upon receipt of the infor
on from the White House that the
revenue bill had been .signed by the
♦ ii • ,Bee, Beer etaxy Gage to-day issued
following circular explaining to the
public the proposed bond issue:
TREASURY DEPARTMENT,
T.r.0.,.^ Of flee of the Secretary,
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 13, 1893.
Secretary of th Treasury Invites sub
scriptions from the people of the
United States for 1200.000. u00 of the bonds
« ♦ ,r, i " er cent loan authorized by the
Krrlr°t« "7,1*! approved June -a, 1593. Sub
scriptions will be received at par for a period
from ifty-two days \, the subscription being open
from this date until 3 o'clock p. m. on the 14th
day of July ' \m. The bonds will be Issued in
both coupon and registered form, the coupon
onds in denominations o£ $20. $100, $500 and
\Ts^iu^ e t^ la i^ b0 " d8 ln denominations
of ?20. $100 $500. $1000, $5000 and JIO.OCO. They
f»il« .i da K ed Au « ÜBt 1. -15SS. and by their
terms will be redeemable in coin at the pleas
vl! , tha ,_ Unltlsd States after . ten
ZV\ in""? the date or tnelr «BBue.
f.n« £l U .to due ' and payable August 1.
, IVBi1 V B i Tne bonds will bear interest at the rate
!and cent annum, payable quarterly;
», WOO, KM, HOW, JCouo and $10 OGO They
he dated August l, 1888, and by their
is will be redeemable in coin at the pleas
or tile United States after ten
* hi 1 ? the date ut tnelr 188J <i.
will be due and payable August 1,
The bonds will bear interest at the rate
per cent por annum, payable quarterly;
tne interest on the coupon bonds will be paid
by meuns of coupons, to be detached from the
bonds as the interest becomes due, and the in
terest on the registered bonds will be paid by
checks drawn to the order of the payees and
mailed to their addresses.
The law authorizing the Issue of these bonds
provides that in allotting said bonds the sev
eral subscriptions of individuals shall.be first
accepted, and the subscription* of the lowest
amounts shall be first allotted. In accordance
with that provision allotment* to all individual
subscribers will be made before any bonds will
be allotted to other than individuals. All in
dividual subscriptions for $500 or less will be
allotted in full us they are received, and such
subscriptions must be paid in full at the time
the subscription is made. If the total sum
subscribed for In amounts of ftOQ or less
should exceed $200,000,000 the allotments will
be made according to the priority of the re
ceipts of the subscription.
Allotments on subscriptions for over $500 will
not be made until after the subscription closes,
July M, and will then be made Inversely ac
cording to the size of the subscription, the
smallest subscription being first allotted, then
the next In size, and so on, preference being
given Individual subscriptions. Persona sub
scribing for more than $500 must send in cash
or certified checks to the amount of 2 per cent
of the sum subscribed for, , such deposit to
constitute a partial payment, and to be for
feited to the United States In the event of
failure on the subscriber's part to make a full
payment for his subscription, according to the
terms of the circular. Allotments to subscrib
ers for more than $500 will be made as soon
a_s possible after the subscription closes.
In order to avoid a too rapid absorption
of funds Into the treasury, with a possible con
jsstble after the subscription closes,
order to avoid a too rapid absorption
inds into the treasury, with a possible con
sequent evil affect on industry and commerce,
any. subscriber for more than $500 will be per
mitted to take his allotment of bonds in in
stallments of 2 per cent, taking the first in
stallment within ten days after the notice of
the allottment, and the balance. at four equal
Intervals of forty days each, in .four-install
ments each of 20 per cent of the bonds allotted.
Delivery of bonds will be made in Installments
as payment for them is received, and payment
must in all cases be mad" In full as the bonds
are taken. The 2 per cent deposit will apply
In the final statement. Any subscriber may
pay for the whole amount allotted him within
ten days from the date of the notice of his
allottrnent. .
Interest will be adjusted from the time of
the actual payment, whether paid In one sum
on its installments as permitted. Separate
subscriptions from . one individual, although
made from time to time, will be aggregated
fcriptlons from one individual, although
» from time to time, will be aggregated
and considered as one subscription. Th.- Secre
tary of the Treasury will receive In payment
for the bonds postofflce money orders payable
at Washington, D. C, and checks, bank drafts
and express money orders collectable in the
cities or New York. Boston, Philadelphia, Balti
more,' Washington, Cincinnati, Chicago, St.
Louis, New Orleans and San Francisco. All
money orders and bank drafts must be drawn
in favor of the treasurer of the United States.
The money orders and bank checks so received
will be forwarded for collection by the depart
ment, and as soon as returns are obtained the
subscriber will be credited with the amount
of Ms subscription as of the date of collection.
The secretary will also receive in payment for
the bonds certificates of deposit Issued by the
assistant treasurers of the United States in the
above named cities. The certificates of de
posit may be obtained from any assistant treas
urer In exchange for gold coin, gold certificates,
standard silver dollars, silver certificates.
United States notes, treasury notes of 1890 and
national ' bank notes, and the sbuscriber will
DC credited with the amount of his subscription
as of the date of the certificate of deposit. The
Secretary will also receive currency sent by
registered mall or express direct to the Treas
ury Department.
For the mutual convenience of the subscrib
ers and the department a blank form of letter
to accompany remittances has been prepared
and it may be obtained at the offices of na
tional and State banks generally, at the sev
eral sub-treasuries of the United States, at any
money order postofflce and at any express
office.
The bonds will be dated August 1, 189S, and
they will be delivered to subscribers free of ex
pense for transportation as soon after that
date as possible. The bonds will he accom
panied by a check for the amount of the inter
est , due the subscriber from the date . of his
payment to August 1. 1898.
All remittances and other communications
relative to this loan should be addressed to the
Secretary of the Treasury, Division of Loans
and Currency, Washington, D. C.
■ All . subscriptions , must : bo ■ received at the
Treasury Department, Washington, D. C, not
later than 3 o'clock p. m. Wednesday, July 14,
189 S. ; No subscriptions received after that date
and hour will be considered. -
L. J. GAGE, Secretary.
JAMAICA SENTIMENT
STRONGLY AMERICAN
Protest Expected From the Spaniards
by the Authorities of the
Island.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
PORT ANTONIO, Jamaica, June IS.—
The collier Kingston, Lieutenant Spey
er, arrived here at noon with Admiral
Sampson's dispatches about the Guan
tanamo cable cutting and fight yester
day. There was also a dispatch about
the mission of a flag of truce from
Santiago yesterday evening, supposedly
carried by the Vixen. The
expected to run immediately to San
tiago, but the authorities in Washing
ton cabled for her to await further
orders.
No objection was raised by the au
thorities as to the Kingston taking on
provisions for the ships. The officers
of the British warship Indefatigable
were prompt in making an official call
on the Kingston. The sentiment in Ja
mtWca is strongly American. The au
thorities anticipate that objeotions will
be made by the Spaniards to having
Port Antonio used as an American
base.
GENERAL LEE TO LEAD
AN ARMY TO HAVANA
Said to Have Been Ordered to Prepare
Forty Thousand Men for
Invasion.
NEW YORK, June 13.— A cablegram
to the World from Havana says Major
General Fitzhugh Lee has been ordered
to prepare an army of 40,000 men to
move on Havana.
GOLDEN CARGO
FOR THIS SHIP
The Roanoke Starts for
St. Michael.
CARRIES MANY PASSENGERS
WILL RETURN WITH MINERS
AND THEIR WEALTH.
Two Special Correspondents of The
Call Sail Northward
on the Treasure
Ship.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, June 13.— Several thousand
interested spectators crowded Yesler
wharf this morning to witness the depart
ure of the steamship Roanoke. The ves
sel steamed out of port shortly after noon
with 225 passengers ;iru i heavily laden
with freight for Dawsan. The Roanoke
is operated by the North American Trad
ing and Transportation Company. It is
expected to reach St. Michael within ten
days.
Unusual importance It attached to this
initial trip, as it is expected the Roanoke
will be the first steamship to bring down
returning Klondikers and their millions in
gold. In July last the Excelsior, followed
two days later by the Portland, was the
treasure ship that first Impressed the
world with the wealth of the Yukon gold
fields.
The steamer Weare wintered at Circle
City and in all probability is now at Daw
son taking aboard miners with their bags
of dust. It will follow the breaking ice
down the Yukon and be the first boat Into
St. Michael, arriving about June 25. There
a transfer will be made to the Roanoke
and the return run made to Seattle, the
vessel reaching here between July 8
and 10.
The passengers on the north-bound
Roanoke come from every section of the
country and include a number of women
whose husbnnds or fathers are located
along the Yukon. Two notables are J. C.
McCook, recently appointed T'nited States
Consul to Dawson, and Acting Vice-Con
sul W. H. Rurke. Captain J. C. Barr,
who has charge of all the company's
river tni-ami^iips. is aboard.
Among the other passengers are H. G.
Steel and Charles P. Burnett, special cor
respondents for The Call. The latter will
remain in St. Michael during the summer,
while Mr. Steel will return on the tl
arc ship Roanoke. It is designed to ob
tain from the first gold seekers -to come
down the river complete details of their
winters experiences in the gold fields.
The story of the spring clfan-up will be
covered adequately and accurately for
The Call readers.
JOHN SHERMAN
ON WAR ISSUES
The Statesman Visits
Tacoma.
FEARS FOR THE FUTURE
OPPOSES ACQUISITION OF i'HE
PHILIPPINES.
Outspoken, Also, in His Antagonism
to the Proposed Annexation
of the Hawaiian
Islands.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, June 13.— Unheralded and
accompanied by his wife only, ex-Sec
retary of State John Sherman of Ohio
arrived in Tacoma to-day, and it was
not until his name was seen on the ho
tel register that any one knew of the
illustrious visitor's coming. Seated in
an easy chair in his parlor this even
ing, the well-known Ohioan appeared
strong and well. His generally vigorous
appearance indicates that he is still
sturdy ami full of energy. Mr. Sherman
explained that his jaunt to the coast
was one of pleasure only; that after a
rest of a few days he intended to sail
for Alaska, "just for the trip," and his
entire time would be spent in enjoying
freedom from work.
"I am out of the harness," said the
Ohio diplc-mat, "wholly free from offi
cial cares and intend only upon enjoy
ing my outing.
"Yes, large sums are necessary in
time of war," he replied when ques
tioned about the forthcoming bond is
sue. "Money must be available when
needed, and In sufficient quantities."
This was as near as the visitor came
to making any comment upon the ad
ministration policy.
"Dewey won a grand victory," said
ex-Secretary Sherman, when the Phil
ippines were spoken of, "but it is unfor
tunate that our poslstion Is such as
now exists. Occupancy or, more prop
erly, permanent acquisition of these isl
ands — in fact of any Spanish territory —
is in conflict with the very theory and
past policy of our nation. The declara
tion of war of itself indicated that we
are not to be looked upon as waging a
war of conquest."
The Senator Incidentally mentioned
the Hawaiian Islands, and made no se
cret of his opposition to the whole
scheme of annexation. Said he:
"A coaling station is needed in the
Pacific. I appreciate this, but after
providing this in the Hawaiian Islands
we have pone as far as we should go
along this course."
GENERAL HERNANDEZ
SURPRISED AND TAKEN
Capture of the Leader Puts an End
to the Bevolution in
Venezuela.
CARACAS, Venezuela. June 13.— A body
of fifty mounted federal troops of Gen
eral Guerras' command surprised and
captured the rebel leader, General Her
nandez, yesterday near Yumare. It is ex
pected he will be brought to Caracas in
chains on Wednesday. President Ati
drade Is now complete master of the sit
uation and the revolution is regarded as
at an end. The feeling here is one of
great enthusiasm.
"WASHINGTON, June IS.— lnformation
has reached the State Department that
the revolution which has prevailed in
Venezuela for the past six months ended
last night by the defeat and capture of
Hernandez, its leader. The people are
celebrating with public demonstrations.
As a result President Andrade remains
more firmly than ever seated in the ex
ecutive office in Caracas.
RYAN EASILY
DEFEATS WEST
Given the Decision in the ,
Fourteenth.
NOT MARKED BY A BLOW
LANDS ON HIS ANTAGONIST AT
WILL.
Remarkable Gameness of the New
York Pugilists Under a
Storm of Terrific
Blows.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 13.— Tommy Ryan of
Syracuse met and easily defeated Tommy
West of this city to-night In the four
teenth round of a twenty-round contest
for the welter-weight championship of
the world. Ryan outfought his man at
every point and might have ended the
contest much quicker hnd he cared to.
West was game to the core and took an
awful hammering. Ryan's backers laid
odds on their man and took all the New
York money in sight. The referee,
Charley White, let the bout go as far as
humanity would permit, and when at last
he sent the men to their corner! and
awarded the fitiht to Ryan th< re was gen
eral satisfaction among 1 1 i• - .-ji. .tutors.
Ryan looked exceedingly tit and well
and said he weighed 147 pounds. West
was also in splendid shape and weighed
132 pounds.
The men got to work immediately and
there was fast fighting for four rounds.
when Kyan sent the blood flying from
West's nose. They kept up the pace un
til the eighth without material damage
to either man. In the eighth Ryan let
drive with hia right and landed on the
solar plexus. After a clinch West jabbed
the left on the fare and put Ryan down
upon his hack. When they came to the
center of the ring agsUn Weft sent Ryan
down again with a right swing on the
jaw. Ryan sot up quickly, and after s
little sparring, swung his rlirhi on Wwt'l
head, driving West through the ropes.
\\ est was up in two seconds.
Round 9 was easy, but in the tenth
Ryan soaked his right over the heart and
West wineod. West came up wobbly in
the eleventh, and Ryan kept jabbing" hj*
sore nose. Ryan got in blow after blow
from then on, and West was smeared
with blond. West came up gnmely in the
fourteenth round, but was unable to pro
tect himself, as Ryan landed at will, tab
bing him on the stomach and face, wast
to.ik his punishment in the gamest man
ner Imaginable Ryan let up a little and
looked at the referee, as much as to say:
"Why don't you stop it. Charley?"
White did not Interfere, and then Ryan
smashed West a couple of times, send
ing him to the ropes. Referee White
then went between thorn and stopped the
bout, after many of the spectators had
called on him to do so. White awarded
the bout to Ryan, and the latter walked
out of the ring without a mark on him.
READY TO CARE FOX
THE AMERICAN WOUNDED
Fortunate Arrival of the Ambu
lance Ship Solace Off
Santiago.
WASHINGTON, June 13.— 8y a for
tunate coincidence the naval ambu
lance ship Solace arrived off Santiago
yesterday and was available at once
to take the wounded marines who par
ticipated in the fight at Crest Hill. The
dead will be buried on Cuban soil. With
actual warfare going on the usual
modes of war must be followed, and it
is Baid by those in authority that these
will not permit the removal of the dead
from the point of action.
To provide for every contingency, the
surgeon-general of the navy placed on
board the Solace twenty-five folding
coffins. They are away from observa
tion and are so unlike coffins until put
together that they are free from all
grewsome appearance. They are to be
used only for such wounded as die on
board the ships. -A practical em
balmer with all embalming supplies la
also on board.
NOW, MEN!
Who wish to be full of vitality
and fine health is your time to
get back any of the strength
that you have lost. Have you
vigor to fit you to fight the big
battle of life? "Hudyan" pro-
duces it when it is depleted.
"Hudyan" makes up for drains
on the system. It makes man-
liness.
"Hudyan" can be had by every
one on earth, and that is equal to
saying that full and perfect en*
j-jyment of all the faculties can
be had by all those who are now
weak and "down." Ask about
"Hudyan." Circulars and testi-
monials are sent, post paid, with
all the pleasure in life. "Hud-
yan" has cured 20,000 weak men.
Let it cure you.
The physicians of the Hudson Medical
Institute readily give advice absolutely
free to all those who suffer from any dis-
ease, no matter of what nature. Call if
you can. If you cannot, write your
troubles ana you will get help at once.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON. MARKET AND ELLIS 813^
San Francisco, Cal.DEEDS OF
THE HEROES
WITH DEWEY
Official Story of the Great
Victory at Manila Sent
by Mail.
Among* Those Whose Bravery Is
Praised by the Admiral Is
Correspondent Stickney.
WASHINGTON, June 13.— The Nary Department to-day made public the
following letter received from Admiral Dewey, this being its first mail advices
from him since he reached Manila:
"FLAGSHIP OLYMPIA, CAVITE, May 4. 1898.— The squadron left Mir3
Bay on April 27, arrived off Bolinao on the morning of April 30, and, finding no
vessels there, proceeded down the coast and arrived off the entrance to Manila
Bay on the same afternoon. The Boston and Concord were sent to reconnoiter.
* * * A thorough search of the port was made by the Boston and the Con
cord, but the Spanish fleet was not found. * * * Entered south channel at
10:30 p. m., steaming in column at eight knots. After half the squadron had
passed a battery on the south side of the channel it opened fire, none of the shots
taking effect.
"The Boston and McCulloch returned fire. The squadron proceeded across
the bay at slow speed and arrived off Manila at daybreak, and was fired upon at
5:15 by three batteries at Manila and two near Cavite and by the Spanish fleet
anchored in an approximately east and west line across the mouth of Bakor Bay,
with their left in shoal water in Canacac Bay. The squadron then proceeded to
the attack, the flagship Olympia, under my personal direction, leading, followed
at a distance by the Baltimore, Raleigh, Petrel, Concord and Boston, in the order
named, which formation was maintained throughout the action. The squadron
opened fire at 5:41 a. m.
"While advancing to the attack two mines were exploded ahead of the flag
ship, too far away to be effective. The squadron maintained a continuous and
precise fire at ranges varying from 5000 to 2000 yards, countermarching in a line
approximately parallel to that of the Spanish fleet. The enemy's fire was vigor
ous, but generally ineffective. Early in the engagement two launches put out
toward the Olympia with the apparent intention of using torpedoes. One was
sunk and the other disabled by our lire and beached before an opportunity oc
curred to lire torpedoes.
"At 7 a. m. the Spanish flagship Reina Christina made a desperate attempt
to leave the line and come out to engage at short range, but was received with
such a galling fire, the entire battery of the Olympia being concentrated upon her,
that she was barely able to return to the shelter of the point. The fires started
in her by our shells at this time were not extinguished until she sank.
"The three batteries at Manila had kept up a continuous report from the be
ginning of the engagement, which fire was not returned by the squadron. The
tirst of these batteries was situated on the South Mole Head, at the entrance to
the Pasig River; the second, the south bastion of the walied city of Manila; and
the third at Malate, about half a mile further south.
"At" this point I sent a message to the Governor-General to the effect that
if the batteries did not cease firing the city would be shelled. This had the effect
of silencing them. At 7:^o a. m. I ceased firing and withdrew the squadron for
breakfa>t.
"At 11:15 a. m. I returned to the attack. By this time the Spanish flagship
and almost the entire Spanish fleet were on fire. At 12:30 p. m. the squadron
1 firing, the batteries being silenced and the ships being sunk, burned and
i. At 12:45 P- m- the squadron returned and anchored off Manila, the
Petrel being left behind to complete the destruction of the smaller guns which
were behind the point of Cavite. This duty was performed by Commander E. P.
Wood in the most expeditious and complete manner. The Spanish lost the fol
lowing vessels:
"Sunk — Reina Christina, Castilla, Don Antonio de Ulloa,
"Burned — Don Juan de Austria, Isla de Luzon, Isla de Cuba, General Lezo,
Marquis del Duero, El Correo, Valesco and Isla de Mindano (transport).
'"Captured — Rapido and Hercules (tugs) and several small launches.
"I am unable to obtain complete accounts of the enemy's killed and wounded,
but believe their losses to be very heavy. The Reina Christina alone had 150
killed, including the captain, and ninety wounded. I am happy to report that
the 'Jjmage done to the squadron under my command was inconsiderable. There
w«i* none killed and only seven men in the squadron very slightly wounded.
Sc/eral of the vessels were struck and even penetrated, but the damage wasof the
slightest, and the squadron is in as good condition now as before the battle.
"I beg to state to the department that I doubt if any commander-in-chief
was ever served by more loyal, efficient and gallant captains than those of the
squadron now under my command. Captain Frank Wilder, commanding the
Boston, volunteered to remain in command of his vessel, although his relief ar
rived before leaving Hongkong. Assistant Surgeon Kindleberger of the Olympia
and Gunner Evans of the Boston also volunteered to remain after orders detach
ing them had arrived. The conduct of my own personal staff was excellent.
Commander B. P. Lamberton, chief of staff, was a volunteer for that position,
and gave me the most efficient aid. Lieutenant Brumby, flag lieutenant, and
Ensign W. P. Scott, aid, performed their duties as signal officers in a highly
creditable manner. The Olympia, being short of officers for the batteries. Ensign
H. H. CaldweH, flag secretary, volunteered for us and was assigned to a sub
division of the five-inch battery.
"Mr. J. L. Stickney. formerly an officer in the United States navy and now
correspondent for the New York Herald, volunteered for duty as my aid and
rendered valuable service.
"I desire specially to mention the coolness of Lieutenant C. G. Calkins, the
navigator of the Olympia, who came under my personal observation, being on the
bridge with me throughout the entire action and giving the ranges to the guns
with an accuracy that was proved by the excellency of the firing. On May 2, the
day following the engagement, the squadron again went to Cavite, where it re
mained. * * *
"On the 3d the military forces evacuated Cavite arsenal, which was taken
possession of by a landing party. On the same day the Raleigh and Baltimore
.secured the surrender of the batteries on Corregidor Island, paroling the garrison
and destroying the guns. On the morning of May 4 the transport Manila which
had been aground in Bakor Bay, was towed off and made a prize."
FAIR GUESTS
OF WOODLAND
Native Daughters Are
Gathering.
GRAND PARLOR DELEGATES
ANNUAL SESSION TO BEGIN
TO-DAY.
Visitors Will Be Elaborately Enter
tained by the Hospitable Peo
ple of the Tolo
Metropolis.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, June 13.— advance
guard of the delegates to the Grand Par
lor of Native Daughters arrived In Wood
land yesterday, and all Incoming trains
since have swelled the number. When the
jPcxloi: ta^aUaa-lct ordsr.^ .to-morrow
vw£r a "nM delegates and a great many
visitors will be present. The Grand Par
lor will be in Besslon uurlng the re
mainder of the week.
Woodland Parlor, aided and encouraged
by public-spirited citizens, has prepared
to entertain the quests on an elaborate
scale. The superb decorations that adorn
all busings houses and a great many prl
a ate residences indicate that -Woodland's
people recognize the importance of the
event and are prepared to extend a cordial
*t ' T USi^ UC 7elCOme7 eICOme to the visitors
That the Grand Parlor will be a suc
cess is now assured. . That it was held
here at all was the outcome of the nluck
Woodland people. The energy of the
young women In raising money and their
wisdom in planning and carrying .out
ideas have won the admiration of the peo-
Grape l President Mrs. Belle AY Conrad
Grand Past President Mrs. Mary Tn?man
and the grand trustees are already hire
and at. work completing the annual re
■ jjort s. -
The delegates and the visitors to the
Grand Parlor will no doubt number 200
or ,300 women. V They are the flower of
California: . They represent the fntel
actuality and all that /is brightest and
most progressive . of the vigorous young
womaiu.... of the State. """,
;•■, woodland Parlor has a candidate for a
grand office In the person of Miss Har
riett Lee. who will probably be elected
grand trustee without opposition >
To Entertain Volunteers.
LOS ANGELES, June 13.— The City
Council to-day appropriated $250 for the
entertainment of soldiers passing through
this city to San Francisco. The subscrip
tions of money by citizens so far have
all gone to the funds for volunteers in
fcSau i'rancl*co.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 14, 1898.
J. L. STICKNEY, Herald-Call Correspondent, With
Rear Admiral Dewey's Fleet.
"J. L. Stickney, formerly an officer In the United States
navy and now correspondent for the New York Herald, volun
teered for duty as my aide and rendered valuable service." —
Admiral Dcwey in his official report of the world-astounding
battle of Manila to the Navy Department.
Mr. Stickney, to whom this high tribute was voluntarily
paid by the naval hero who planned, fought and won the great
est sea battle recorded in history, was also at that time and
Is now the correspondent of The Call, in accordance with ar
rangements then and still in force between the Herald and
this journal. Mr. Stickney's graphic cabled story of the
glorious victory was the subject of comment in two hemis
pheres.
WILL CONFER
AND DISAGREE
Necessary Farce at Los
Angeles.
WATER FIGHT'S NEW PHASE
CITY COUNCIL TO MEET THE
MONOPOLY.
Failing to Fix Upon a Suitable
Price, They Will Next At
tempt to Decide by
Arbitration.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, June 13.— The City
Water Company to-day sent a commu
nication to the City Council giving a
complete inventory of its property. The
communication was addressed to City
Attorney Dunn. The company ex
plained that it did not expect the muni
cipality to take over all property. in
cluded in the inventory, as it did not
consider that it came within the pro
visions of the contract under the term
of improvements. For Instance, the
corporation declared it did not expect
the city to purchase any of the prop
erty owned by the Crystal Springs
Land and Water Company, which is
auxiliary to the City Water Company.
In explaining why the company had
none of the original plant of the city
turned over to it thirty years ago, the
communication states that time and in
creased service have demanded that the
old plant be entirely taken out and later
inventions and improvements substi
tuted.
The communication was not dis
cussed, but was referred to a joint meet
ing of the stockholders of the water
company and the City Council, to be
held to-morrow in the Council chamber.
The object of this meeting is to ascer
tain if the Council and the water com
pany cannot come together on an
agreed price for the plant. There is not
the slightest possibilty of this being
effected. But the conference must be
held under the terms of the water com
pany's contract with the city, which
United States District Judge Olin Wel
born has held to be legal and binding
in every particular.
Mayor M. P. Snyder has not been in
vited to participate in this joint meet
ing, but he will be there, and, unless
ejected, will, if occasion demands, offer
suggestions and talk upon the subject
under discussion. If the Council and
the company fail to agree, which is
practically certain, the next step under
the contract is to leave the matter to
arbitrators to determine. This is what
the water company will demand. It
also will demand that the result;; of the
arbitration be binding on both parties.
Just how this can be done cannot now
be foreseen. Before it can be made
binding city bonds must be verted. If
the voters deem the price agreed upon
by the arbitrators too high they will
defeat arbitration by defeating the
bonds. Then the whole matter will be
left in a worse complication than be
fore.
Despite the fact that it is generally
believed the consultation to-morrow will
not result in any agreement, citizens
are manifesting great interest in the
outcome. The Council chamber will be
crowded during the sessfons. President
Herman Silver of the City Council will
preside. The water company directors
claim that in holding this session and
entering into it prior to the expiration
of their lease they are making a con
cession to the city and doing something
they are not legally required to do.
Mayfleld's New Schoolhouse.
MAYFIELD, June 13.— 'me contract for
the new public school building here was
Saturday awarded to M. D. Greene of
San Jose for $10,710. It is estimated the
cost of plumbing, heating and ventilating
will be about *2eOQ extra,
REFORMS FOR
THE ISLANDS
New Philippines Tariff
Being Arranged.
PREPARATIONS PROCEEDING
BUT CHIEF AGUINALDO MAY
MAKE SOME TROUBLE.
Leader of the Insurgents Is Expected
to Demand That the Natives
Be Given Their Inde
pendence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rlpprs House.
Washington, June 13.
Colonel J. F. Evans of San Francisco
is in daily conference with Secretary
Gage concerning the Philippine tariff.
The account published exclusively in
The Call last week on the preparations
the administration has been making
for the Government was accurate in
every way. These preparations have
gone far and are now reaching the de
tails of a tax-reform administration.
There will be such a reconstruction of
methods and such a lightening of bur
dens that with the strong and progres
sive and yet lenient rule of Amerfca
the inhabitants will be far freer than
Spanish subjects ever were under the
most favorable circumstances. Even
they will be far better off for a long
time than i£ they were Independent,
providing that they have any desire to
become independent.
President McKinley and his advisers
in the Cabinet and in Congress, it is
said, have come to no formal and final
determination as to the disposition of
the islands. It is said by friends of the
President, however, that he believes the
islands will become the property of the
United States and that they will be
kept.
The War Department's reason for dis
patching a big force of soldiers to the
island is now apparent. There is a
possibility that Aguinaldo after show
ing his strength, may not desire to lay
down his arms peaceably and surrender
to the American commander. Agui
naldo has not in any of his utterances
that have been recorded on this side of
the world suggested that he desired to
surrender these rights to the American
< ;<>\t j rnment and raise the American
flag over the islands. He has talked of
a protectorate of the United States and
an independent government under it.
In such a plan the United States would
undertake to defend him from all for
eign aggression, but would secure no
benefit except coaling rights, perhaps,
and probably a large part of the trade
of the islands.
This is not the plan of the United
States. The Philippines must become
the property of this Government abso
lutely, both for their own good and for
that of the United States. America is
now determined that a commonwealth
on the American plan is to be raised in
the Pacific, with American civilization
and American progresstveness. Any
thing less will be rejected by the ad
ministration and by the people.
Tt is just at this point that the ad
ministration fears trouble, it is be
lieved that the Philippine insurgents
may consider their position identical
with that of the Cubans. The United
States has waged this war professedly
to free the Cubans. Aguinaldo may say
when the terms of peace are being de
cided or even before that his men are
fighting for independence too and that
the United States has helped them in
the same way and should not expect to
take the islands away from them any
more than to annex Cuba.
Dies Full of lears.
SANTA CRUZ. June 13.-Mrs. Dill,
wife of Major Seward Dill, 'died at her
home near Soquel to-day. She was a na
tive of Alain* and 88 years out age.
HAWAII WILL
NOT BE SEIZED
But Ultra An nexationists
Are Persistent.
AIDED TO SPREAD THE LIE
THE WASHINGTON EVENING
STAR DULY SUBSIDIZED.
While the Newlands Resolution. Is
Being Argued in Congress a
Speculator Is Doing
Fine Work.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, June 13.
To-night's Star and other ultra an
nexatlonista are persistent in declara
tions that President McKlnley will
seize Hawaii as a military necessity in
case Congress fails to pass the resolu
tion for annexation. This lie has been
exposed time and again. The Call cor
respondent can state on the authority
of a Senator who favors annexation
that the President does not now and
has never entertained a thought of op
posing the will of Congress. He re
alizes that it would be revolutionary
for the executive to usurp this legisla
tive function. Neither do these East-
em newspapers believe that he will do
such a thing. If they felt assured that
President McKinley would arbitrarily
seize the islands as a war measure, de
spite the action of Congress, they
would not be so anxious concerning the
fate of the resolution. Their anxiety
and hard fighting gives the lie to their
statements of the President's policy.
The Evening Star of Washington is
the chief annexation organ. Its editors
have become rich by gas and street
railway stock speculations. The Star
has in the past been facetiously termed
the "Evening Trolley." I asked a well
known newspaper editor of Washington
to-night if he could explain the Star's
overzealous support of annexation, and
he replied: "I understand that one of
it's editors is related by marriage to
President Dole, and secondly, it is gen
erally believed here that at least one
of its editors is a holder of Hawaiian
sugar bonds. A stockholder in the Ha
waiian Sugar Company, who lost
heavily in the recent slump in that
company's stock, has been in Washing
ton all winter and spring urging an
nexation. It is he who has furnished
the Evening Star with ammunition to
fire at those who oppose annexation."
The Hawaiian resolution will un- I
doubtedly pass the House on Wednes
day, and it is expected debate will be
gin in the Senate on Thursday. How
long it will continue no one can tell.
There at least a dozen Senators who are
anxious to speak at length and the
question is will Senators who are anx
ious to avoid the hot weather be willing
to remain? Senator White leaves on
Sunday for Los Angeles, whither he
will accompany hip wife and children,
but he will return immediately via San
Francisco.
ARGUED IN THE HOUSE.
WASHINGTON, June 13.— Newlands
(Silverite) of Nevada to-day addressed
the House in advocacy of annexation.
The pending resolutions were intro
duced by him. He was interrupted by
Cannon (R.) from Illinois, who pre
sented and asked unanimous consent
for the passage of an emergency bill to
appropriate $417,151, now carried by the
sundry civil bill, to pay the Bering Sea
award, but Bland (D.) of Missouri ob
jected. Cannon said the time for pay
ment would expire on Friday and the
sundry civil bill would not pass before
that day.
Newlands spoke at length in favor of
Hawaiian annexation as essential to our
commercial growth and necessary to the
protection of our Pacific Coast. The Phil
ippine and Hawaiian Questions, he de
clared, were entirely distinct. He was op
posed to the former as involving a policy
of 'territorial expansion, while the latter
was purely one of territorial defense and
commercial expansion.
Bell of Colorado followed, opposing the
resolutions. He attacked the existing re
public as being an oligarchy and the offer
of the islands for annexation as being
made by a few in utter disregard of the
wishes of the vast majority of the people
who reside in the islands. He contended
for the right of all people to be governed
in accordance with their will. Continu
ing, Bell argued that the population was
undesirable and that the location of the
islands in the tropical climate made it
unlikely that a people resident there
would ever be desirable as a component of
American citizenship. The conduct of
American missionaries and others who
had gone to Hawaii was attacked as hav
ing resulted in a successful conspiracy to
deprive the natives of their property and
self-government. The existence of leprosy
in the islands was commented upon as a
drawback to annexation. Bell concluded
by saying the annexation of Hawaii
would be accepted by the world as a vir
tual abandonment of the Monroe doctrine,
because It would be a reaching out and an
establishment of American institutions
beyond the boundaries within which the
Monroe doctrine originally spoiled and
that the latter could not occur without re
ciprocal rights being conceded to Euro
pean powers.
Pearson (R.) of North Carolina advo
cated annexation.
Henry (R.) of Indiana spoke for the
resolutions on the ground of strategic val
ue. Illustrating this value, he declared
that Dewey, after his great victory at
Manila, would be helpless and beyond the
possibility of aid from home were' the Ha
waiian islands controlled by hostile
hands.
Bland (D.> of Missouri followed in op
position, directing his remarks to a plea
for delay in disposing of the Hawaiian
question until after tne conclusion of the
war. He protested against urging annex
ation as a necessary war measure and
begged the House to pause in what seem
ed and what promised to be a mad
course of wild legislation under pretense
of it being essential to the proper con
duct of the war. The very fact, he said,
that the Government was sending out
expeditions and withdrawing all ships
from the California coast showod how ab
solutely secure was that coast and how
unnecessary was the present emergency
upon the part of the friends of annexa
tion.
In brief speeches Barrows (R.l of Mass
achusetts and Stewart (R.) of New Jersey
spoke for the resolutions and Smith (D.)
of Arizona in opposition.
Kirkpatrlck (R.) of Pennsylvania ar
gued in support of the power of Congress
to annex the islands. Mann (R.) of Ill
inois spoke for the resolution.
At the conclusion of Mann's speech,
upon request of Cannon, the House
passed the emergency bill appropriating
$473,151 to pay the Bering Sea award,
which will be due June 17.
At 5:18 o'clock the House adjourned.
Canvass of the Senate.
■WASHINGTON, June 13. — Senators
Lodge and Elklns made a partial canvass
of tho Senate on the Hawaiian question
to-day, and they say they are satisfied
that a sufficient number of advocates of
annexation will be in Washington to make
a quorum of the Senate and to insure the
passage of the House resolution through
that body. They count upon prolonged
daily sessions until action is had. The
annexationists have received renewed
assurance of the earnest support of the
administration, and hope on this account
to control practically the solid support of
the Republican side of the chamber. They
count upon eight or ten votes from the
I Democrats.
j'/;' ■•:-. v , -■•. ■■ ADVEBTISEMENTS. " _"\ _;__'__ _jl
1
It adds another \^m^ : jU^Kl^m^ M' "^
week to this great X^^^-^^j^Hr '^l&r J&
Owing to the
tremendous suc-
cess and rapid sales ot our $8.65 suits, which
were reduced from $12.60 and $15.00, we are
compelled by public clamor to continue this
sale another week. When we closed our
doors Saturday night it was our intention of |
bringing this sale to an end, but the tremen-
dous values we gave brought a good-natured
crowd, and the compliments we received
from them for doing just as we claimed influ- I
enced us to reduce several hundred j^ r\ />-k
more of these high-priced garments H^Xv^O
down to----------- t|/w= ,
It is merely a repetition to state that they
positively were sold for $12.50 and $15.00.
Our entire show win-
— " — dow is devoted to this
r\ . I great issue. It does not
/^-^^ comprise one suit, but hun- ;
Ys£ j5 /'■ dreds, each and every pat-
v^VTteL tern different and with a
/^Ci^l^rPvv distinctive individuality
/ iv A^Av v wherein the tastes of the
/ I\ • v.\ lU\ multitude can easily be
/ / V'H |ly satisfied.
I . I \*/\ L%f I The garments are the
\ s /l ■'■WriiM highest art in the tailoring
i If y ~mV 7 line, representing style
A Je3 \vfwi~ and effect, the best of
>a^\^ \/ X workmanship and the
'^A' if \ i most honest trimmings
I \ \\ that money can buy —
I |V VI all-wool garment tailored
■•• . - fk\ ¥ in the latest New York
I , /I fashion in shades of Blues,
I II \ Browns, Havana Browns,
/ . ■11 . Blacks and Grays — plaids
I \. | and overplaids, pinhead
i \ i checks and stripes —
S —^Vl -_\\Jv weaves of clay worsted,
\j ~**~^^ => Scotch tweeds, cheviots,
cassimeres and serges.
— . _ . — . _ . _ .
Our prices truly caused 1 a sensation, and
all day Saturday our store was crowded with
customers, whilst passers-by gazed in amaze-
ment With a feeling of pride we call it a
victorious march — a triumph over triumphs.
We have the greatest confidence in each
and every garment offered during this great
sale, and therefore agree to keep them in
repair one year free of charge, knowing well
that the wear on them will be very slight.
— - - ~ — 1
In our children's de- —^
: partment for this week t £js^*^k
we have selected ■/' s**^| '- r
several lines of Middy /?=^^S!^k/^f /
Suits , for the little fel- @PlCll?jN> 7 ,
lows, in ages from 3 to JPvv (f\\
8, and consider it the /''•A^^^hWj
crowning adornment Y^T^ I Fj£ \
to the little fellow's ap- V-Jg| % /|jVi \^^^\
pearance. i?^'^ I**!1 **! rmv^ V-
The suit will be sold . f><M V jPv2^ /
during this week for / / ! >^ r^y-:.
$1,95 and is reduced / / m)j\ : .
from its former price Ift If \^)
of $3.00. The various / IL/
lines represent gray fir-Br-
and brown tweed mix- W 18
tures and blue . chevi : ' rV
ots. All of them are }' Q^^>
trimmed with several (Jj
rows of rich soutache
braid on the collar, sleeve and vest. It is :
positively a very stylish-looking and splendid
wearing suit for your little pet. The price is
in reach of all and the value exceeds any-
thing ever offered in this city.
. ; ; ;; — ■ * — ■
We take great pleasure in calling your
attention to our policy of conducting .this
great establishment, and that is to exchange
goods willingly or refund money.
S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718 Market Street.
34
PICTURESQUE
STAMPEDE TO
DAWSON CITY
Ten Thousand Gold-Seek
ers Camped at Bennett
and Linderman.
Sam Wall, Now Returning to the
Klondike, Tells of Tragedies
Along the Trails.
BY SAM W. WALL.
LAKE BENNETT, May 81.— Truly
the world has seen nothing eince the
Crusades so pi -turesque as this stam
pede into the north in search of gold.
Each season seems to develop a feature
that forms a more blood-stirring pict
ure than the preceding. When I came
out over the ice in March 1 met a pro
cession extending in single file along
the trail the whole length of Lakes Ben
nett and Linderman. A few of the
over-eager and energetic had alone
reached the lower lakes. Every man
was harnessed to a sled. Above every
sled was spread a sail. The sails were
made of all manner of things, from a
llannel shirt or a w. ite sheet of can
vas, through the scale of colored and
striped to the black rubber blanket.
With the wind blowing with them fill
ing their sails and driving a heavy fall
of snow, every man, instead of pulling,
exerted his strength to prevent running
over the sled in front. Occasionally a
sled got away and turning off the trail
went careening over the wide surface
of the lake until some obstacle over
turned it.
I thought this procession of sailing
sleds, extending as far as one could see
through the mist of snow in both di
rections, was the most remarkable
thing the stampede would see. But
there was still another more striking
just at hand. "When I left the lakes
and began to climb up through the de
file of the mountains that forms the
White Pass I still met this army, still
with its sails spread, filing down.
Horses, oxen, dogs and men were in
the line, struggling now through the
snow and over the rocks, here and there
a sled with its load overturned or fallen
Into some deep crevasse and lost. For
these the marching thousands had no
time, but moved on past and down, the
broken spaces being quickly closed and
the sails showing again continuously,
one above another, until, on the far
summit, they stood in relief against the
sky or were half obscured in the clouds.
The winter that then encompassed
everything is now confined to the
mountains. On the summit of Cbilkoot
Pass there are still unknown depths of
snow. At the scene of the great snow
slide it is probably forty feet deep. The
day before I passed over it the bodies
of two other victims were taken out and
it is more than probable still others
will be found there. Down below, at
Dyea and Skaguay on the one side and
at the lakes on the other, the snow has
gone and the ice on the lakes is break
ing and passing. The thousands who
in March were hurrying over the ice in
an effort to get as near the foot of the
lakes as possible or were climbing down
the west side of the mountains are now
camped on the shores of the lakes,
making ready to sro down just the mo
ment the ice releases the stream.
At the head of Lake Linderman is
Linderman, the town. Fully 5000 peo
ple are camped there. Seven miles
further down, beyond the little neck of
water that divides Linaerman from
Bennett, is the town of Bennett, where
6000 more are encamped. Between Lin
derman and Bennett and down the
whole length of the chain of lakes the
shores are fringed with Klondikers and
the whole region is one big boat yard.
Sawmills at both Linderman and Ben
nett and others at different points along
the shore fill the screaming air with
sawdust and turn logs into lumber at
25 cents a foot. All manner of boats
are under construction, from the little
dory designed for a man with a short
outfit, to the big barge upon which
horses and cattle with tons of hay and
other provisions are to be carried down
to Dawßon. The ice about the shores
of both Linderman and Bennett is
melted and, with the direction of the
wind, great floes move to this side arid
that. At one time there may be a wide
avenue of water on the Bennett side
that will invite the eager Klondiker to
launch his boat in the hope of getting
a milo or so further on his journey.
Tho wind shifts and slowly the wide
avenue closes, the great floe touches the
chore and all within the space is
crushed. Only yesterday a barge that
started on its way thus prematurely
was destroyed and much of the twenty
tons of provisions it contained was lost.
Rotten as the ice is and has been for
weeks still the more reckless and wit
less have ventured on It until within a
few days. Ferrymen have carried these
out from the shore to the ice and they
•would make their way over it as far
as possible. But so unsafe has the ice
become and so many fatalities have
occurred recently that it is no longer
trusted, and those who insist on travel
ing are taking to the side hills. This
is very rough goin«? as there is no trail
and one must struggle over the rocks
and through the underbrush with only
"general directions" for a guide.
A number of deaths by drowning be
cause of venturing too far over the rot
ten ice are reported. These reports,
however, are very unreliable and place
the number much too high. For in
stance a story to the effect that seventy
persons had been drowned by the
crushing of boats in the ice gained wide
circulation along the lakes. I find that
there is no more truth to it than there
was to the story of the death of "Swift
water Bill." On leaving Bennett to
move further down Bill called back to
a friend "If anybody asks for me just
tell 'em I'm drowned." Out of that
grew the entertaining obituaries .of
"Swiftwater Bill."
That many have been drowned, how
ever. Is known. A man with a pack
on his back was seen by people of Lin
dorman to drop through the Ice a few
('ays ago shortly after being ferried out
."nd starting on a trip to Bennett. A
dog team and two of a party of four
went through at Caribou Crossing a
few days ago. The two drowned were
Dun Richards and Thomas Barnes. The
other two of the party were ahead of
the team and escaped. The sled was
heavily loaded and went through,
breaking the ice for such an area that
the men attending It went down. The
lead dog kept its footing on the ice for
some time afterward with the weight
of the sled and the other dogs hanging
to him, but he was finally dragged
down. The bodies of Richards and
Barnes were recovered and burled by
their friends with proper ceremony on
the Island in Lake Bennett.
Many deaths no doubt have occurred
similar to that referred to in Lake Lin
derman, no actual knowledge of which
may be had. A mile east of Bennett
and a hundred yards out from shore a
dog is lying beside a hole in the fast
thinning ice. He has boen there for
several days. No one may venture on
the ice to reach him and he refuses to
answer calls from the shore. Beside
another such hole in the ice in Lake
Linderman, plainly visible from shore
when the ice floe is in, lie a man's hat
and a stick.
The weather is beautiful. The sun
is as warm as it is at this season in
San Francisco. The mosquitoes are
here, busy and multiplying. Daylight
extends practically througn the twen
ty-four hours and work goes with it in
very many of the busy boat yards that
form almost the one industry of these
little cities on the lakes. Linderman
and Bennett are without doubt the
busiest towns of their size in the world
to-day. No idle individual lives within
their boundaries.
The town of Linderman, as it comes
into view from the hill top where the
trail leads over the divide from Long
Lake, looks like the cajnp of an army.
P.ennett is also little more than a city
of canvas, but no such view is had of
it. When the ice shall have passed out
leaving the way clear this big army
will fold its tents and the two cities
will sail and fade away. My notion 1b
that that day will present a spectacle
the equal of any of those that have pre
ceded it in this remarkable drama.
The Northwest mounted police are
taking many precautions as against-fa
talities and accidents that may be ex
pected to follow the movement of so
many men, not only not in concert and
without organization, but every man
competing with every other for pre
cedence. When they move there will
be a flotilla of about 4000 small boats on
the water, all headed in the same di
rection, all striving to reach their desti
nation, if not first at least as near the
front as possible.
To prevent a crush an order is out
from «he police headquarters limiting
the number of boats that shan leave
on any one day. This oraer may have
some effect, but how it may be en
forced it is difficult to see. Boats are
being inspected also and those that are
taking passengers are required to have
a certain seaworthiness. Canvas, sec
tional and other boats of doubtful
stamp are forbidden to take any but
their owners. Every boat is being
numbered by the police, its number in
black, six inches in length, being
painted on the nose of the craft and
the names of all those who go with it
registered. This is a precaution to
enable the authorities to follow the his
tory of boat and occupants after they
leave here.
The stampede is practically at a
standstill east and south of the moun
tain tops. Every vessel that comes
north brings a certain contingent of
men bound "in." but the number is
scarcely appreciable in this crowd. The
trails on the south or "outward" side
of the mountains have already become
muddy and full of trouble for packers,
and along the whole length of both the
Skaguay and Chilkoot trails is strewn
with dead horses and dogs, the traveler
being scarcely at any time out of the
sight and, most of all, out of the stench
of one or the other. At one place on
the Skaguay trail there are the bodies
of a dozen horses piled together. Many
of these were crippled and ..illed during
the winter, but for the most part they
make up the wrecks :e of last summer
and fall that have lain under the snow
all winter and are now uncovered by
the sun to the great distress of those
who have to pass this way.
The falling off in freight transporta
tion has relieved a great number ot
horses of their occupation and they are
roaming about Dyea and Skaguay pick-
Ing up a precarious living where they
can. Many of these will be taken down
the river to Dawson. Both Dyea and
bnaguay, however, are living in the full
hope of a return or resumption of the
stampede, deeming it almost certain. to
follow the arrival of the first treasure
ship at San Francisco. Almost all the
traffic is going over the Chilkoot trail —
that is by way of Dyea— as the Skag
uay trail is reported to be almost im
passable. Building is still going on in
the rival town of Skaguay, and her peo
ple are cheerful in the hope of the pro
posed railway.
Dyea has completed her dock and
wharf, by which deep water vessels
may now discharge direct there at any
Ftnpre of the tide, and the day of the
lighter is done. Freight is transported
in wagons from Dyea to the canyon
and from the canyon by means of the
Chilkoot Railroad and Transport
Company's wire trolley and by pack
mules to the summit. Even the Indians
no longer use their own shoulders for
this purpose. From the scales to the
summit there are no less than four dif
ferent wire lines. For, especially dur
ing the winter, while the snow made it
comparatively easy, very many hauled
their own goods on sleds as far as the
scales and entrusted them to the trolley
from there to the su mit.
The carriage of goods of every de
scription over this formidable moun
tain pass by means of overhead wires
in another of the odd and interesting
things developed by the great stam
pede. The Ohllkoot Railroad and Trans
port Company claims to be able to
carry 175 tons of freight from Canyon
City, at the very foot of the mountain,
to and over the summit in one day.
It can run through the twenty-four
hours if necessity requires. The method
is very simple. A fixed cable is sus
pended by means of towers. On this
buckets are suspended and travel by
means of wheels, grooved so as to fit
to and ride easily over the wire. Lower
down and nearer the bucket a clutch is
fixed that takes hold of a traveling
wire which carries the bucket along. It
is the principle of the cable car re
versed, having the wheels overhead
and traveling upon a suspended track
with the moving cable a little lower
down and immediately above the car.
The towers upon which the wire ropes
are suspended are placed about one
hundred yards apart on ordinarily
level gTound, but there is no attempt
to follow the undulations of the land.
The buckets ride from hill top to hili
top, there being one place where over
a mile of. rope is suspended from towers
THE SAN FHANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUKE 14, 1898.
on each side of a deep ravine. It seems
to be a very simple solution of the prob
lem of carrying freight over these
mountains. The Chilkoot company, as
it is called for short, is building a
tramway from Dyea to connect with
the end of the wire at Canyon City and
will extend its wire shortly to the
lakes on the west side of the mountain.
At present freight is still transported
by dog sleds over the snow on the west
side to the foot of Long Lake. A port
age of two miles has to be completed
there by pack horses. With this fre
quent change, wagons from Dyea to
Canyon City, wire from Canyon City
to the summit, dog sled down to Long
Lake and thence by pack animal to
Linderman, the rate of transportation
is but 7 cents a pound — late 48 cents.
With the disappearance of the snow
and ice on the west side pack animals
will have to be resorted to to the foot
of the mountains, where boats will take
the place of sleds through Round, Deep
and Long lakes to Linderman; or, as
an alternative, the old summer trail
will be followed.
In carrying the war edition of The
Call over the summit a train of twelve
buckets was employed for the papers
alone. In order to make time as well as
to make certain of the proper transport
of the packages I myself got into a
bucket immediately following the train
and so rode over the canyons and
mountain tops to the summit.
My party down the river will con
sist of two others, good rivermen, be
sides myself. Our boat is completed
and we will make the start immediately
upon the water way being opened. We
expect to make the run to Dawson, as
one of this big flotilla of little boats, in
ten days.
ISSUES AN APPEAL
FOR PECUNIARY AID
Tomas Estrada Palma Asks Cubans
in This Country to Further
Assist Their Brethren.
NEW YORK, June 13.— Tomas Es
trada Palma has just issued an appeal
for pecuniary aid for the Cuban cause,
which he concludes as follows:
"If we have not money with which to
meet our obligations we expose our
selves to discredit and dishonor among
our brethren of the United States who
have Joined with us to nght for us, and
the impression which we would convey
would be an unfavorable one. That
REV. DR. J. LEONARD LEVY.
beautiful example of abnegation, union
and discipline which the Cuban patriots
have given to all the world should ap
peal to the patriotism of every Cuban
in this and other countries. I trust that
they will all hearken to the call of duty
and continue to contribute their pe
cuniary aid to the cause of Cuban in
dependence and .liberty, each in propor
tion to his means and ability, that we
may complete our mission in good faith
and in good standing."
NOMINATIONS SENT BY
PRESIDENT TO SENATE
Among Additional Officers for Volun
teers Is James H. Barkley to
Be Brigadier.
WASHINGTON. June 13.— Th» President
to-day sent these nominations to the Sen
ate:
Volunteer Army— To be brigadier general
James H. Barkley of Illinois; to b« engineer
officer, with rank of major, Joseph Pierce Jr.
of the District of Columbia.
To be chief commissary of subsistence, with
the rank of major, Herbert Katz of New Jer
eey. James Heatwole of Indiana.
To be assistant quartermaster, with the
rank of captain, William E. Ek!n of Kentucky.
To be engineer officers, with the rank of
major. Captain James A. Irons, Twentieth In
fantry: First Lieutenant Spencer Crosby, corps
of engineers.
To be assistant quartermaster, with the rank'
of captain. Homer F. Asplnwall of Illinois.
To b« commissaries of subsistence, with the
rank of captain: Second lieutenant Albert S.
Brookes, Eighth United Btates Infantry; 'Wil
liam M. Statham of Virginia, William Dwlght
of Connecticut.
First Regiment, Volunteer Engineer's— To be
ca-taln, Azel Elmer Jr. of Massachusetts.
Third Regiment, United States Volunteer En
gineers—To be first lieutenants, John Williams
Blark of Illinois, Walter Kirk Brice of Ohio.
To be assistant quartermaster, with the rank
of captain, Edward Willy of South Carolina.
First Regiment. United States Volunteer En
gineers — To lie surgeon, with rank of major,
Louis Livingston Seaman of New York.
Tenth Regiment. United States Volunteers—
To be surgeon with rank of major, William
Morton Fuqua of Kentucky.
Fourth Kegiment. United States Volunteer
Infantry— To ho chaplain. Rev. Samuel F. Chap
man of Virginia; to be majors, Henry S. Lon
don of New Yorkj Theophilus Parker of Vir
ginia.
Second Regiment, United States Volunteer
Infantry— To bB second lieutenant, Charles
Kern of Colorado.
Seventh Regiment, United States Volunteer
Infantry— To be lieutenant, Charles D. Comfort
of Maine; to be surgeon with rank of major,
John G. Davis of Illinois; to be assistant sur
geons, with rank of flrft lieutenant, Maxine
Lanrtry of Louisiana; Rollln T. Burr of Cali
fornia: to be first lieutenants, Charles de For
rest Chandler of Ohio, Samuel M. Butler of
New York, linllo B. Oglesbee of Indiana; to be
second lieutenants. M. E. Gray of Oh!o, Henry
C. Baldwin of N«w York, William T. Daven
port of New Jersey.
Occupies a New Puipit.
PACIFIC GROVE, June 13.— Rev.
Hobart Chetwood, D.D., of Oakland
has formally entered upon his new pas
torate of St. Mary's Episcopal Church
at this place, taking a portion of the
field formerly covered by Rev. C. S.
Fackenthal. The remainder of the
work of this parish— that in the dis
tricts of Monterey and Del Monte — will
be performed by Rev. L. Delos Mans
field of Ban Jose, who will come down
each week to conduct the service*.
JEWISH RABBI
A VOLUNTEER
Goes to the Front as
Chaplain.
J. LEONARD LEVY'S CALL
■ '■••'-'-;. '?f; -■■'"■ ' ' ■■"■■ ;. J^.' r :- '. ■-,"••' '.-'''■ 'v'-vk
FIRST OF HIS FAITH TO PREACH
IN CAMP.
Has Been Attached to the First
Pennsylvania Troops end Is
• Sw Leading in Red Cross
Work.
Special Dispatch to Tin Call.
SACRAMENTO, June 13.— Rev. J.
Leonard Levy of the Keneseth Israel
congregation of Philadelphia is the first
Jewish Rabbi to serve in the capacity
of chaplain in the United States army.
Rabbi Levy has been appointed chap
lain of Keegan's Brigade— First Penn
sylvania United States \ olunteers.
When the brigade is called to the front
he will accompany it. In the meantime
he is making a tour of the United
States and lecturing at the most promi
nent cities, devoting the proceeds to the
fund of the Red Cross Society of each
community wherein he speaks. He de
livered a lecture at the Jewish Syna
gogue here to-night to a large audience.
On Thursday he will speak at the
Geary-street Temple in San Francisco.
In an interview with The Call cor
respondent Rabbi Levy said:
"If I am not sooner called to Join the
soldiers of Pennsylvania on their
march to the front I will probably re-
main on the coast several weeks. My
trip across the continent has been a
most pleasant one and all of my meet-
Ings have been most enthusiastic and
aDpreciativt. My congregation In Phil
adelphia has not only consented to my
enlistment with the Pennsylvania Vol
unteers but has signified Its Intention
to continue my present salary as Its
rabbi until I shall return."
President Woodruff of the Mormon
Society of Salt Lake was bo pleased
•with the rabbi's recent address to the
people of that city that he extended him
an invitation to conduct services in the
great tabernacle. This is the first time
in the history of Mormonism that a
Jew or a Gentile has been given such
invitation. The rabbi has accepted it.
however, and will stop over In the Mor
mon city on his return.
Rabbi Levy was for a number of
years a resident of California, and was
the rabbi of the Jewish Synagogue in
this city.
MONTEREY'S NAVAL
RESERVE DEFRAUDED
Manager of a Benefit Entertain
ment Departs With Box
Office Receipts.
MONTEREY, June 13.— William Lan
sing, a man announcing himself as a
retired actor, recently appeared in
Monterey, coming here for his health,
he said, and was engaged by some of
the younsr people to coach them for
amateur dramatics. The little company
made such rapid progress under him
that It offered to give a performance
for the benefit of the Monterey Naval
Reserve. The performance was a great
success financially, but Lansing, who
had charge of the box-office receipts,
was very slow in settling. When at
last he could delay settlement no longer
he decamped, carrying all the receipts
with him.
Besides the amount belonging to the
Naval Reserve, Lansing took a large
sum due the printers both here and in
Pacific Grove for advertising matter,
and J. W. Bagley, owner of the theater
in which the performance was given,
the costumera and others were left un
paid. Steps were at once taken for the
arrest of Lansing, but up to this time
he has not been found.
Disastrous Incendiary Fire.
ERIE, Pa., June 13.— The business part
of the town of Spartansburg, Pa_. was
wiped out by a fire which started at 1:30
this morning and Is supposed to be o*
Incendiary origin. The large business
houses, all wooden structures, with their
contents, were burned, besideß numerous
smaller ones. The loss is $150,000, and la
almost total. The fire burned itself out,
as the town is without facilitiea to sub
due conflagrations.
Granted American Registry.
WASHINGTON, June 13.— Before pro
ceeding with the Hawaiian debate the
House to-day passed some bills granting
American registers to the steamers Vic
toria, Olymola, Arizona, Columbia, Ar
tfyle, Tacomu. and Arcadia.
KANSAS MOB
TAKES A LIFE
Lynches the Murderer
of a Girl.
BECKER'S VICTIM AVENGED
SHERIFF VAINLY OPPOSES THE
CROWD.
Justice Meted to a Man Past Life's
Meridian Who Killed the Kfera
Child He Professed
to Love.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
GREAT BEND, Kans., June 13.-In
the public square, fronting on the prin
cipal business street of this city, a
murderer was lynched at 8 o'clock this
evening by a mob of probably 500 per
sons. It Is estimated that at least 1000
of Great Bend's population of 2500 per
sons witnessed the tragedy. The vic
tim was John Becker, a white man, 50
years of age, who, on April 8, killed
Myrtle Huffmeister, the 16-year-old
daughter of William Huffmeister, a
farmer living midway between Great
Bend and Ellinwood.
Becker was employed by the farmer
and professed passionate love for the
daughter. The tragedy followed the
girl's refusal to accept his advances.
When the girl came to the stable in the
evening Becker shot her to death, send
ing eight bullets into her body, after
which he set fire to the farmer's
stables. At first it was reported the
murderer had shot himself and had died
in the flames, but later it became
known that he had fled and search was
instituted. On April 13 a posse of farm
ers captured the murderer near St.
John, Stafford County, and for safe
keeping he was taken by the Sheriff to
Hutchinson, there having been many
threats that he would be lynched if
brought here.
This morning Becker was brought
from Hutchinson to be put upon his
preliminary examination. Early in the
day farmers from the neighborhood of
his crime began coming into town and
by 6 o'clock this evening the streets
were thronged. Then, when it became
known the murderer had been granted
a change of venue to Lyons and that
Sheriff Abeer would take nis prisoner
east on the Santa Fe train this even
ing there were signs of threatened
trouble, as a big crowd began to gather
at the railroad depot. Sheriff Abeer,
appreciating the danger, took Becker
Into a buggy and started for a cross
ing east af the city, intending to flag
thetrain there. By this time the crowd
at the depot was openly threatening a
lynching.
When the train pulled in the purpose
of the Sheriff's strategy had become ap
parent to all. The would-be lynchers,
quick to act, boarded the train and
rode on. When the Sheriff at the cross
ing saw the train was crowded to the
guards he did not flag it, but hurriedly
drove back to Great Bend with his
prisoner. At Dartmouth the lynching
party left the train and started back
to this city, having hired all the con
veyances available there. Sheriff Abeer
had hurried back and lodged his pris
oner at the County Jail.
A few minutes before 8 o'clock the
mob was swarming round the jail. Evi
dently believing that he could outwit
the lynchers by flight, the Sheriff
rushed Becker out of the jail to his
buggy, but he had no sooner done so
than he and his men and the prisoner
were surrounded. The Sheriff, aided by
his deputies, made a stubborn defense,
and the prisoner, realizing the fate that
threatened him, fought desperately
with them. After they had fought their
way back almost to the entrance to the
Jail, the mob, through sheer force of
numbers, prevailed. Securing the mur
derer, it bore him away to the public
square.
A rope was drawn around Becker's
neck, and after he had been beaten al
most to insensibility the rope was
thrown over a limb of a big tree and he
was drawn up. Some one in the crowd
gave the body a push, and as the mur
derer was being drawn up, his body re
peatedly swung back, scraping upon the
trunk of the tree.
The Sheriff and his men kept close
upon the heels of the lynchers, but they
were hold back for fully fifteen min
utes, when, it being apparent Becker
was dead, the mob quickly melted away
and the murderer's body was cut down
by the Sheriff and the Coroner.
Though revolvers were drawn and
threats were made, no shots were fired
by the Sheriff and his men in their
struggle against the lynchrrs. Many of
j the lynching party must be known to
j the county peace officers, but to-night
there is no very strong talk of arrests.
The sentiment here seems to be that if
i ever a man deserved lynching Becker
I did.
Becker Is said to come of a prosper
ous family at Marlon, 111. Attorney W.
"W. Duncan was here from Marlon to
defend him, and it is stated that insan
ity was to have been the murderer's de
fense.
Assistant Traffic Manager.
NEW YORK, June 13.— The announce
ment is made that W. B. Masters has
been made assistant traffic manager of
the Southern Pacific, with headquarters
in this city.
ADVERTISEMENTS.;.
BSBB 88 STSS 88 88 88 82 88 88 88 88 88.88 88 88 88 888S S3 82 88 88 88 88 88 88 83 83 88 88 82 88 88 88 82
S3 •■ .-..:■■ : ; ,.-.. '. - , "' ■ ■ :.'; :; ■ -•' ■ - '' ' ':■. S3
I Dr. Sanden's Book Free. I
•8 '- - . . ' - . - - - -. •■ .:--. ■'.'^■■ ; - S3
SS-/ ;>■,-:; ■:[:, ■■•; - : ■:■ "' ■' : ■ .' •■'■■ - . '-'...■. \' ' 88
8 SSj.-,; ■ .-■• V—"""""V — """"" .;■; -. '; , 'ft Are you a weak man ? 8
12?1 2? VB gSJS£SSS i Have you pains in your back, ss
|-5 : - ;:V -'^SK^i^>"Saß- ! -" spells of miserable despon- £
5 Wr*lfflß^^-^ doncy, lack of force, vim and **
• ? ;• K^Slfl JJEIiTS ' ambition ? Then read this *•
la I^B^? ii 5 t^^ book ' " Three Cl asses of f.
£ HBS^ : - "%S ; ' Men." It will tell you facts *
cJ tiHH^&Ssls&aH^ ' which will bo worth more J.
S8 "* r~f l»^^^f^^^^\ than money to you. It is f
88 d '*+"*»*» mW w'^-'SII free by mail or at the office. I*
§;- : i'U Men> f^ ; Ifc ia full of facts about Dr. 88
88 ";,- \J— — J 'Nlik Sanden'a Electric Belt and ss
88 ■ - .-. ■-■'" ••■ --■T?^ how it cures. Get it : to-day. 88
a " ■.; :. . x ■'■ ■ :v;: v ; .. % ■"■ ss
05 DR. A. T. SANDEN, : * not in drug stores. * 88 1
88 708 Kuktt $lm\, Oerner Ktarny, flan Fr»n«isoo. NU ' '" — — ST0 ""' ; 8?
88 Office hours, 3A.M.to 8 P. M. ; Sundays. ;.*lJ3t.''. Banden's Electrlo Bait . 88
c* 10 to 1. Branches at Loe Angeles, Cal., 204V4 i> never sold In Htorea g«
« South Broadway; Portland, o'., 258 Washing- f \ sola in drug store* «
88 ton street; Denver, Col., Ml Sixteenth streets _ nor by ■ traveling agent*. . gg
m Dallas. Tex., 285 Main street. *- if ~ ' ... ' '♦• -,
■BBBBBBBBJBBBBBBBBBBBBB 88 88 88 88 88 88 1888 88 88 88 88 88 88 J» 88 88 88 838888888888^8
LEHMAN WINS
MYRTLE STAKE
Formero Again Earns
Brackets.
IMP BEATS SPEEDY HORSES
WESTEBN MARE CAPTURES A
GRAVESEND PURSE.
Osric II Finishes in Front of Uncle
Abel and Imp. King Gold
at the St. Louis
Track,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June IS.— Results at
Gravesend:
First race, five furlongs, Theory won,
Tendreaz second, Miriam Ciar© third.
U.ime, 1:03. '
I Second rac», mile and a furlong, Imp
won, Havoc second, Knight of the Garter
third. Time, 1:55%. *
Third race, five furlongs, Formero won,
Rusher second, Cormorant third. Time,
l:02& ...-.,.
Fourth race, Myrtle stakes, mile and a
sixteenth, selling, Lehman (9 to 10) won,
Merry Prince (5 to 2 and 3 to 5) second,
Semper Ego (5 to 1) third. Time, 1:49*.
Belmar also ran. • •
Fifth race, one mile, George Boyd won.
Tabouret second, Mont dOr third. Time,
1:43%. Whistling Con won by a head, but
was disqualified for a foul.
- Sixth race, five and a half furlongs.
Swiftmas won, Ruskin second, Irish Reel
third. Time, 1:08%. .
CINCINNATI, Jun» 18.— Weather
cloudy; track fast.
First race, selling, seven furlongs, Zufa
llg won, Annie Taylor second, Lyllis third.
Time, 1:29i.i.
Second race, four and a half furlongs.
May Be So won, Schancken second, Sisvio
third. Time, :88%.
Third race, mile. Elusive won, Harry
Games second, Calleen third. Time,
1:41%.
Fourth race, mile, selling, Creedmor*
L. yon, Possum second. La Grange third.
Time, 1:42%.
Fifth race, five furlongs, Frank Bell
won, Flavius second, Obstinata Simon
third. Time, 1:03.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling, Azu
cena won, Panchita II second, Liewanna
third. Time, 1:28%.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 13.— Algol was
the only winning favorite to-day.
Track good.
First race, five furlongs, selling, Bul
garian won, Red Pirate second, Foxey
third. Time, 1:04.
Second race, six furlongs, selling. Fire
side won, Utopia second, Gasparono third.
Time, 1:15%.
Third race, seven furlongs, selling,
Osric II won. Uncle Abel second, Imp.
King Gold third. Time, 1:29*4-
Fourth race, mile and seventy yards,
Colonel Gay won. Found second, Don
Orsino third. Time, 1:47%.
Fifth race, six furlongs, Algol won,
Gibraltar second, the Elector third.
Time, 1:15.
Sixth race, mile and twenty yards. Sir
Bolla won, David second, Vasquil third.
»Time, 1:45 V-
CHICAGO, June 13.— Harlem results,
weather fair; track slow.
First race, six furlongß— Hosle won.
Weird second, Moroni third. Time, 1:27%.
Second race, four and a half fur
longs— Boney Boy won, Pirate Judge sec
ond Mulvlhill third. Time, 1:01%.
Third race, one mile— Bonito won, Bor
den second, Locust Blossom third. Time,
1:59.
Fourth race, mile and an eighth—Sun
burst won, Jo« Clark second, Pete Kitch
en third. Time, 2:12%.
Fifth race, five furlongs— Miisoura won.
The Deacon second, Mazle O third. Time,
1:10%.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Ramlro II won.
Sangamon second, Foncllff third. Tlmo,
1:24.
DETROIT, June 13.— Results at High
land Park:
First race, clx furlongs— Snapshot won.
Glen Albyn second, Manzonita third.
Time, 1:18.
Second race, five furlongs—Thanksgiv
ing won, Elurine second, Amah third.
Time. I:o6'^.
Third race, one mile, selling— Abingdon
won, Belle of Corsica second, Gracie C
third. Time, 1:50.
Fourth race, four and a half fur
longs—McCarren won, Contravene second,
Logan Laudeman third. Time, :59.
Fifth race, mile and an eighth— Paul
Kauvar won, Distant Shot second, Frank
Jaubert third. Time, 2:02^.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Stray Step
won, Chang second, Rockwood third.
Time not given.
DENVER, June 13.— Results at Over
land Park:
First race, trotting— George W. McKln
ney won, John Nolan second, Baby Wilkes
third. Beet time, 2:1714.
Second race, (rotting— Dazzle won, Josie
C second, Maggie McDonald third. Best
time, 2:20.
Third rare, running, six furlongs — Swifty
won, Enclno second, Lorena II third.
Time, 1:17.
Fourth race, five furlongs — Midas won,
Thurman second. King Hazel third. Time,
1:08%.
Fifth race, running, five and a half
furlongs— R, Q. Ban won, Oakleaf sec
ond, Torsion third. Time, 1:11.
BEAN-EATERS DRAW
UP TO CLEVELAND
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..31 14 .688 Plttsburgr ...S4 23 J6U.
Cleveland ..30 16 .652 Philadelphia 18 24 .439
Boaton so 16 .G")2 Brooklyn ...is 26. 381
Baltimore ...25 16 .610 St. Louis ...16 28 .364
New York ..24 2t .533 Washington 16 29 .3fi6
Chicago 23 22 .511 Louisville ...15 S3 .313
BOSTON, June 13.— The home team had
no difficulty In taking to-day's game
from Philadelphia, through timely bat
ting and good pitching by Klobedanz. At
tendance 1800. Score:
Clubs— R. H. B.
Boston 6 11 f
Philadelphia 2 8 4
Batteries — Klobedanz and Teaser; McFar
land and Donahue. Umpires— O'Day and Mc-
Donald.
NEW YORK, June IS.— ln the twelfth
inning Joyce put the first ball pitched
him under the right field ropes for a
home run, winning the game from the
Brooklyns. Attendance 1500. Score:
Clubs— . R. H. B.
New York 4 6 0
Brooklyn 8 11 1
Batteries— Meekln and Warner: Dunn and
Grim. Umpires — Lynch and Andrews.
LOUISVILLE June 13.— The Reds were
greatly assisted to victory to-day by
Messrs. Swartwood and "Wood. The
former called two of the Colonels out at
the plate who were clearly safe. At
tendance 400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 6 10 1
Louisville 4 7 1
Batteries— Hawley and Vaughan; D<iwllng
and Snyder. Umpires— Swartwood and Wood.
WASHINGTON, June 13.— Mercer won
his game to-day by a home run in the
fifth with two men on bases. Kelly and
McGann were put out of the game for
kicking. Attendance 1000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. B.
Washington 6 9 0
Baltimore 17 1
Batteries— Mercer and McGuire; Xops ana
Robinson. Umpires — Cushman and Heydler.
CLEVELAND, June 13.— N0 game; rain.
CHICAGO, June 13.— The Chicago-St.
Louis game to-day was postponed on ac
count of wet grounds. There will be two
games to-morrow.
Arrested for Manslaughter.
SAN JOSE, June 13.— Policemen E. W.
M. Bateman and T. M. Hughes, who shot
and killed Angelo Soto Friday evening
when the latter resisted arrest, were to
day arrested on a charge of manslaugh
ter. The complainant is N. Sofo, a
brother of the dead man. The warrant
was issued by Justice JCirkpatrick, who
subsequently released the two officers on
their own recognizance until Juna 30.
Labor, Agriculture and Capital.
WASHINGTON, June 13.— The Senate
has passed an act for the appointment of
a non-partisan commission to gather in
formation and recommend legislation on
the problems presented by labor, agricul
ture and capital.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
6000
Cures..
. During eight years since the
establishment of the Keeley
Institutes in California there
have been more than 6000
cures effected by it Why
shouldn't it cure you of alco-
holism or drug addiction 1
It is a time/tested* scientific
-; cure.
Bend for printed matter that tells
all about It
THE KEEIaEY INSTITUTES,
BBS North Main Street, Los Annie*.
1170 Market Street, San Francisco-
11170 Market Street, Francisco.
Fred A. Pollock, Manager.
■a - r».
+ . ■ ; • ___ . • ' " • y~. ; +
X we :
X ARE AT IT AGAIN. X
+ Cutting the prices of shoes and selling +
. them below cost. We are closing out i
■t" certain lines, and we are selling them " T "
so cheap that customers wonder if they +
can be good. This week . Ladles' Fine .
■+■ Quality Tan Kid Lace Shoes, with em- +
l broldered vesting tops, new coin toes
"*" and tips and pliable soles, sizes 2'' 2 to 3^4
-+- and 6 to 8, all widths;- sale price, %l 86; +
.'. reduced from $2 50. --r*,*- ■'-'-■ ■ i
a ,— ,. i, ■ .«,., We are closing & .
1" ■■ p«SU line of Children's and f
'"*" \^?i r®l Misses' Tan Kid Lace "♦"
'+■".'-■■'=•' ■■InM! ■' V • J Shoes, with brown -4-
I tS VvsJ c l° th tops, and nar- .
+ I 'jL \| row co toes '. and "▼" .
iVWIi &F<tßS\ V / tips and spring heels, .4.
▼" fS 1 \ST v sizes 9to 13. in one T
■+■ kx»oJ V*k width. "A" wide, for +
i •B^L-^jt^ 70c a pair, regular i
T!- er^^'*\ price $1 60. Same "*"
i '^'Qj^^^ iV style as above, in 4.
"^*^^_*V button shoes, sizes 11
■4- , ' . to 14 in "A" wide, at "♦"
■ same price.
•. We Do Not Guarantee to Fill Country .4.
"♦" Orders, ;
4- ■ Send for Illustrated Catalogue. ■♦■
.+ ■ ' - +
X B. KATCHINSKI, X
X PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., X
4- 10 THIRD ST., San Francisco. ♦
4- >
+ 444.4> 4 -f4-f-f-f4-f<f^
000 0000000000
°o ™ F PALACE "•'•°S
0 GRAND HO TMk^Q
o SAN FRANCISCO. q
** ;rctinooi«> oy a -cow red pussanawsy.
O 1400 Room* 900 With Bath Attaohad °
© »J* Undkß OKI MANAOK^Jt^t O
O NOTE THE PRICES: Q
O European Plan.Sl. OO per day ana upward g%
American Plan. S3. OO per day and upward
O Correct". . Solicited.'- O
O»:V. ; JOHN C KIBKPATBICK, nig i r . / q
0000000000 OOP O
J^ WONG WOO,
V^Q CHINESE TEA AND HERB
fe£ 5 SANITARIUM,
W^jA 764-68 CLAY ST., San Fr»neigoo,o»l.
*^jSmSffl*to!* All diseases' cured excluatvs-
/t i Jt''''f' 'Inv' iy by Chinese herbs.- over 3000
*Bty 41 •'•! ■' varieties being used. ADVICH
FREE. Hours. »:30 to 11 9,. m., 1 10 3 and Ita
8 p." m, -;«. .■•'. .- ...: . -N.:- ■- :. • ,-...-, ■
SLEDS, BOATS, ETC.
v ARCTIC sleds, Arctic dogs, Toukon boats,
pilot traps to the Klondike, Alaska outfits,
: steam launches and • stern-wheel , steaineru. with
boilers suitable to burn wood; -0 boats can ba
g'/S^S'Sa^Bt^ W. KNEAS3. KS Third
\A/. X. HESS,
KOTABT PUBLIC AND ATTOBNET-AT LAW, ■*
Tenth Floor. Room 1018, Claus Bpreek«U Bld«
■_'<-> Telephone Brows 831.
k Po^ e SS F?ancS ff ° rola :. St r t -;TROOPS WILL EMBARK ON THE TRANSPORTS TO-DAY
The troops composing the sec
ond expedition to Manila will go
aboard the four transports that
are to convey them to the Philip
pines to-day. With the excep
tion of the First Nebraska Regi
ment all of the infantry troops at
Camp Merritt have been ordered
to break camp at 7 o'clock.
Colonel Bratt's command will
follow later in the day and move
about noon.
The troops that will leave
Camp Merritt to-day are: Tenth
Pennsylvania, under Colonel
Hawkins; First Colorado, under
nel Halo; First Nebraska,
under Colonel P.ratt; two bat
talions of regulars from the
Eighteenth and Twenty-third
Infantry, under Colonel Bailey; a
detachment of Engineers, under
Lieutenant Connor, and two bat
teries of Utah Light Artillery,
under Captain Young.
The reason of the early hour
set forthe departure of the troops
is that they may reach their
ships before the streets become
blocked with the day's com
merce.
General Otis stated that there was no
given line of march to be followed by
the troops, but that they would act as
separate detachments and act inde
pendently in marching to the wharves.
It is, however, probable that all of the
troops will go down Golden Gate
avenue to Market street and down
Market to the water front. Once
aboard the transports General Greene
will assume command. The vessels
will pull out from their wharves as soon
as the troops are aboard and anchor
in the stream to-night.
At 9 o'clock to-morrow morning Gen
eral Greene will report to General Mer
ritt for sailing orders and final instruc
tions, and it is safe to say that by noon
to-morrow the second expedition to
Manila will have passed through the
Golden Gate.
OTIS STILL COMMANDS.
How a Buffoon Chief of Police
Did Not Capture Ca^p
Merritt.
Green flre, fringed with red, white and
blue, shot from the eagle eye of Chief
Lees yesterday morning after reading
how one of his minions had been belted
over the head with a gun Sunday, be
cause he undertook to disarm a sentry
of the First Colorado Infantry. Things
had reached a pretty stage when a com
mon soldier could bowl out an obstreper
ous policeman without experiencing the
its of the City Prison. He would
see if Uncle Sam's guardians w«r*
rior to the police force.
Long the Chief pondered over the mat
ter. Those soldiers must be taught to
bow to the mighty Chief, that was cer
tain. But how should he proceed to sub
jugate the army? First he would Bee what
pgj General Otis had to offer for the
clubbii man Fell.
Then a delicate problem In military eti
u;> oefore the Chief.
■1 he request the General to appear
. or should he call on the Gen
'! he question was carefully dis-
The chief could flash up more
d 'han the General, consequently
._lit to come to him.
me a hitch. Lees had not yet
..hie to organize his fife and drum j
while Otis had fifers and drummers
it. Moreover, he had buglers by
ore at his beck and full brass bands
galore.
That settled It. The General had the
■ f it in all but authority. The Chief
; go to him, but h« would show him
■ no other toad could swim in the
jiuddle with Lees.
re must be no quarter shown the
warrior. When his camp was invaded he
must surrender at once and uncondition
ally. Hut that would be easy: Lees would
resume his most terrifying frown, shoot
few glances from his hypnotic eye
and Otis would capitulate.
Summoning his first assistant bluffer,
Captain "Wlttman, the hero of many a
<weat-box battle, the Chief unfolded his
plan. Together they would go to the
general, and If their combined ferocity
Sid nnt fetch him, then he was different
from anybody they had practiced their
l.la^k art upon.
Sallying forth from the City Hall the
two hoarded a McAllister-street car and
an hour later were ushered into the
:^e of their victim. Lees was cold
:!Rn:ned— that is, dignified for Lees;
Witt man was also cold— at least his feet
were— and uncomfortable. General Otis
was affable and not in the least embar-
I.ees tried the magrlc of hia eye, but
how the current was too weak or the
amp was out of order, or something, for
itis' never quivered, but kept on chatting
as unconcernedly as though he were used
to receiving visits from great men every
The Chief nudged "vVittman to try his
ry, but the Cap'n instead of comply
up, moved out into the sunshine to thaw
:>ut his extremities and came near suffer
nc the double affliction of sunstroke and
feet at one and the same time, so he
was out of It altogether.
The ancient Chief began to get nervous
and began to hedge. To be sure he had
not mentioned the object of his visit, but
ie cut off the circuit and let his eye
jeam with its usual kindly warmth while
ne talked of the weather, the war, the
"atigue great men endure when on parade
md other topics of kindred interest, and
Inally, seeing that Wittman's condition
nas steadily growing worse, Lees brought
:he conversation around to the camp and
x-nund up by offering to detail a squad
■jt police to protect the morals of the
soldiers.
General Otis was pleased with the sug
gestion. While his men had absolute con
:rol inside the guard lines they could not
:heck traffic on the public streets, though
!he police might be able to keep objec
ionable characters away from camp. The
"hief grew enthuslsatlc over the scheme,
md resuscitating Wlttman with some dlf
iculty, instructed him to have Sergeants
Perrin, Tobin and Duncan with eighteen
atrolmen protect the morals of Camp
H< rritt
Then the twain took their leave, with
general Otis still in command of his men,
md returned to the City Hall to borrow
in elation booth from the Registrar to
>c used as a temporary police station at
ho camp.
THE PRESIDIO CAMP.
riiird United States Artillery
Is BHng Rapidly Recruited
to Its Full Strength.
A board of officers for the examination
3l regular army officers entitled to promo
tion is in session at the Presidio.; The
Doard Is composed of Major Field, Cap
;ain Sedgwick Pratt. Lieutenant David J.
Rumbough, adjutant of the Third Artll
ory and recorder of the board, and Sur
jeons "White and Mosely. They are to ex
imine First Lieutenant Francis J. Ker
lan of the Twenty-first Infantry and
First Lieutenant W. 11. Sage of the
Twenty-third Infantry for promotion to
the rank of captain, and such other offi
cers as may come before them. The
rigidity of the mental examination, which
lometimes lasts two or three weeks, will
;e considerably abated on account of the
ark of time, but the physical examina
;ion ■will be much stricter than in time of
>eace. However, Lieutenants Kernan and
■Sage will in all probability pass. A can-
Jldate for promotion who Is mentally
lualified but who cannot nil the physical
•equirements is retired on three-quarters
jay of the grade for which he is an appli
:ant.
The Third United States Artillery Is rili
ng up very rapidly. The recruits are turn-
Ming over each other in their rush to join
this fine regiment. An extra clem has
teen detailed to assist Lieutenant Aber
lathy, whose recruiting office Is la the.
Phelan building, in examining and enroll
ing the recruits. Yesterday morning there
were thirty waiting at one time to oe en
listed.
The Third Artillery men are congratu
lating their old commander, Colonel Mil
ler, now brigadier general, upon the fine
brigade that has been assignjd t) him.
It is compoGo.l entirely of regulars, wiih
the exception of two compar.leH A and D,
of the California Volunteers Heavy Artil
lery. There are nearly four rejrlnujnrs.
the usual number in a hrgads being not
over thief.
Troops L and M of the Fourth United
States Cavalry were in 1890 skeletonized
under Secretary Proctor's order. The
men were distributed among other troops
ot the regimrnt, while the officers were
ruta'red. They have now been fully re
organized by the transfer of fly; experi
enced men from each of the ten troops,
and the addition of ISO recruits, "..his
gives to each of the two troops twenty
five thoroughly trained pri/ates and non
commissioned * officers, and seventy-live
new men. They lave receive 1 their full
equipment, and expect their horses in a
few days, after which they will soon be
put in good fighting trim.
Companies G and C of th« Sixth Cali
fornia Volunteers, in command of Lieu
tenant Colonel Johnson, have received or
ders to move to Benicia Arsenal. They
will go to-day. The remaining four com
panies, upon receiving their complete
equipment, will go to Fort Point.
Thirty men from HeaJdsburg yesterday
applied to Lieutenant Abernathy in tht
Phelan building for enlistment In the
Third Artillery, and nearly all passed lh«
required examination.
RED CROSS APPEAL.
A Call for Lunches — The Press
Club Art Show.
Mrs. John F. Merrill, president of the
locnl Red Crops Society, appeals once
more to the generous public. At 12
o'clock to-day 4300 volunteers will em
bark on the transports that will convey
them to scenes of peril. As a parting
sign of our hospitality, thp society Is de
sirous to give them a parting feast on
board ship before their departure. There
fore, It is earnestly requested that pa
triot I", people will send to the ferry food
of all kinds to help the ladies carry out
the noble plan.
At a late hour last evening cheering
news was received from the ladies in
charge of the art exhibition that has been
held in the rooms of the Press Club dur
ing the past two days. Over $600 had
been received by the sale of pictures to
a generous public, and more money was
pouring in. due to the irresistible appeals
of sweet-faced young ladies and eloquent
persuasive powers of Auctioneers Arthur
W. Spear Jr. and Samuel M. Shortridge.
Last night closed a beautiful and re
munerative exhibition. As was stated in
Sunday's Call, the crowd that filled the
charming club rooms was both fashion
able and critical and yesterday was a
repetition of the initial exhibition.
Through the efforts of a bevy of artists,
Mrs. N. Clark, Annabell Lee and Miss
Caro Cook the exhibition was made pos
sible, and to them is due the thanks of
the Red Cross Society and the fortunate
visitors who carried away artistic gems
at a low figure.
During the afternoon. Ezra Kendall and
Mr. Phillips of the Orpheum, Louis Mor
rison of the Alcazar, Mr. Meldon of Mor
osco's and Mr. Mack of tho Clay Clement
Company were present ready to respond
in behalf of those who had the affair in
charge.
Those fortunate enough to be present
were given a treat.
Another grand benefit is being arranged
in aid of the Red Cross Society. This
time it is by the Mechanics' Institute and
will be in the form of a splendid recep
tion to Minesota's pride, the First Regi
ment of Volunteers. Everything is being
done by the committee in charge to make
tne evening of Friday, June 17, a memor
able one in the annals of local history.
The big Pavilion will be handsomefy
decorated for the occasion with flags and
bunting and will wear a gala appearance.
The Sorosis Club has been generous in
Its donations to the cause. Every week
necessaries have been received, much to
the delight of the ladies in charge, at 16
Post street.
Mrs. Henrietta Zeile and Miss Henrietta
Zeile have kindly donated $20 and $10 re
spectively.
More postals are asked for by Miss
Burke to supply the Incoming troops.
Nothing has proved more acceptable to
the boys in blue than an opportunity to
apprise loved ones in the East of their
health and reception in this State.
The subscriptions received up to date
amount to $42,549 95.
WILL SAIL. TO-MORROW
Steamers With the Second Ma
nila Expedition Aboard to Go
Into the Stream To-Day.
The transport fleet, consisting: of the
China, Colon, Zealandia and Senator, was
all ready for the reception of the troops
last evening, and It Is the intention to
get all the men on board at an early hour
this morning, so that they can spend to
day in getting somewhat accustomed to
the ships and their quarters and to prop
erly stow their Immediate belongings.
The First Colorado Volunteers, the two
rtah batteries of light artillery and half
a battalion of the Eighteenth regular in
fantry go on the China; a portion of the
Eighteenth and Twenty-third regular In
fantry regiments on the Colon; the Tenth
Pennsylvania Volunteers on the Zea
landia, and the First Nebraska Volunteers
on the Senator.
Owing to the delay In making the
needed repairs to the boilers -of the Mor
gan City, that steamship will be held tor
the third expedition. This unexpected oc
currence throws out the Idaho Volunteers
until the sailing of the third fleet, about
ten days hence.
After all the troops are on board the
four transports will pull Into the stream
and remain there until they receive orders
from General Merritt to sail, which will
be some time between 1 a. m. and 1 p. m.
to-morrow.
Brigadier General Greene goes In com
mand of this brigade. His adjutant
general is Captain Bates, formerly of the
Seventy-first New York Regiment, and
his aid de camp is Lieutenant Schifflein.
who has had considerable experience as
Inspector of rifle practice among the New
York militia.
Major Bell, in charge of the Manila In
formation bureau, sails with this expedi
tion, accompanied by a skilled force of
draughtsmen, surveyors, photographers
and other assistants. He has collected
quite a Manila library, and has equipped
his force with all necessary Instruments
and appliances.
The steamer Colon Is supplied with an
Ice machine, which will make Ice from
distilled water on the way, and afterward
be. used In Manila to supply the expedi
tionary forces. Three skilled men ac
company the machine.
THE NATIONAL GUARD.
Major General Dickinson Is
Endeavoring to Have It
Entirely Reorganized.
Major General Dickinson of the Cali
fornia National Guard is a general with
out an army, owing to tr.e fact that the
guard has been almost completely dis
organized by the enlistment of its mem
bers in the United States volunteer ser
vice. According to the recent opinion of
Attorney General Fitzgerald these
guardsmen have ceased to be members of
the National Guard, and in view of that
fact the Attorney General suggested that
to maintain the organization the volun
teers should be granted a leave of ab
sence by the Governor, thus following a
precedent established by several Eastern
States.
Major General Dickinson, who is aim
ing to rehabilitate the National Guard by
enlisting recruits to fill up the depleted
ranks or by reorganizing it entirely, held
a protracted if not somewhat heate. con
ference with Governor Budd yesterday
afternoon at the State militia headquar
ters. General Dickinson has obtained
from Judge Advocate Dwyer an opinion
that the Governor cannot grant a leave
of absence to the guardsmen who have
enlisted In the volunteer service. In that
event General Dickinson's scheme can be
worked.
The matter haa been taken under ad
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 14, 1898.
LIEUTENANT-COLONEL BARNETT,
One of the Popular Officers of the Tenth Pennsylvania Regiment.
visement by the Governor, who will come
to some decision either this evening or to
morrow.
TROOPS INSPECTED.
Major General Merritt Visits
the Camp Named in
His Honor.
The chief event of interest yesterday In
the routine affairs of life at Camp Mer
ritt was the presence of General Merritt
and several members of his staff at the
headquarters of Major General Otis. Gen
eral Merritt paid his informal visit In
the morning, and after Informally In
specting the camp, he expressed himself
as much pleased with the way everything
was running.
Brigadier General H. G. Otis will erect
his headquarters to-day at Camp Merritt.
•They will be next to those of General
Marcus P. Miller. General King assumed
command of the Second Brigade and will
establish his headquarters in a few days.
The corps of engineers, the two Idaho
battalions and the Thirteenth Minnesota
Regiment were paid yesterday by Majors
Kilbourne and Whlpple. The commands
were paid for two months. The two pay
masters were accompanied by a mounted
escort.
Lieutenant W. D, Conrad, who has
been transferred from the Fourteenth to
the Twenty-third Infantry, reported to
Colonel Ovenshlne yesterday.
Lieut r-nant Colonel Barnett and detail
from the Tenth Pennsylvania left last
night for the Keystone State to recruic
the necessary men to fill the regiment.
In addition to the thirty men required for
each of the eight companies, Colonel Bar
nett will have to recruit also an extra
battalion to make the twelve company
promotion as required. Colonel Barnett
hopes to return with his recruits in a
month.
The troop of Utah cavalry, which was
left, out in General Otis' order of the
reformation of the brigade's, will be as
signed to the. Third Brigade.
ARMY HEADQUARTERS.
More Troops Coming — Big Con-
tracts Awarded — Horses
lor Manila.
It Is now understood at army headquar
ters that six troops of the Fourth United
States Cavalry will go to Manila with the
third expedition and that each troop will
take fifty horses. In I ' addition there will
be fifty horses for headquarters and thir
ty-five mule teams.
Captain Charles B. Thompson, U. 8. A.,
chief quartermaster of the Department of
California, yesterday secured bids for bar
ley, hay and straw to supply 16,u00 troops
until June 30. The contract for supplying
450,000 pounds of hay was awarded to J.
G. Johnson at $1 29 per 100 pounds. Con
tract for 440,000 pounds of straw was
awarded to A. W. Scott at $1 17 per 100
pounds. The contract for 420,000 pounds
of barley went to Dan Keefe, the price
being $1 22 1 * per 100 pounds, or $1 23 V4 for
crushed barley.
Advices were received yesterday at
army headquarters that the First Regl
ment of Tennessee Volumeerb ihat left
Nashville 6:30 p. m. June 10 would arrive
in this city this evening:. .The Southern
Pacific Company has information that the
Tennea* c troops will not arrive until to
morrov The command, 1200 strong, left
St. Loui.* .ast Saturday. The train is run
ning in four sections. From the fact that
the First Tennessee has been assigned to
General King's Third Brigade it is in
ferred that the regiment will go to Camp
Merritt.
The army authorities In the Phelan
building have been advised that a troop
of Nevada cavalry is en rmire to this oity.
The Southern Pacific Company is in
formed that four carloads of Wyoming
troops left Ogden for this city yesterday
afternoon.
SHODDY CLOTHING.
Troops in Camp Merritt Annex
Have a Grievance.
Throughout all Camp Merritt is heard
loud condemnation of the clothing sup
plies just issued. The goods are of poor
est shoddy, without shape, and without
fit. The blouse that goes over a head for
the first time without a half dozen rips
and tears is the exception and not the
rule. Though the men are too manly to
kick, they think it far from just that they
be compelled to pay from their none too
generous clothing allowance full prices
for the stuff they axe compelled to take.
A branch of the commissary that the
Montanas, individually, have a grievance
against is the rations department. On
Sunday bacon was issued to them that
was unfit for food. As a result the per
centage of sickness in the Montana regi
ment has increased.
Brigadier General McArthur yesterday
afternoon paid an Informal visit to the.
officers of his brigade, the Fourth. To
morrow, or the next day at the latest,
he, with his staff, will have established
his headquarters to the lot next on the
west to the present camp of the First
North Dakntas. Though General McAr
thur has not yet caused official notifica
tion to issue, it is understood by the
officers of his new command that he has
assumed the responsibilities of his of
fice.
Since the final formation of the provi
sional brigades. Colonel Kessler has had
command of the Fourth pending the ad
vent of Brinsuller General McArthur. Col
onel Kessler was at a loss for a time to
quite understand his position; though. act-
Ing brigadier of the Fourth, his regiment
was part and parcel of the Third Brigade,,
and he its ranking officer.
The Fifty-first lowa Volunteers yester
day put in a solid afternoon with regt
mfntal and battalion drill and drill in the
manual of arms. The men have been
schooled in every exercise known to the
manual, and their drilling now Is on a
par with that of the troops of the regu
lar army.
Colonel Loper, of the Fifty-first lowa,
was much disappointed yesterday in re
ceiving news to the effect that the Forty
ninth lowa had been ordered to Major
General L^e's command for Cuba instead
of to California for the Philippines, as
they had all confidently hoped.
Colonel I^oper has detailed his lieutenant
colonel as instructor of the guard, to be
gin his duties at once.
The health of the lowa troops is above
the camp average, though a number of
thorn have succumbed to bad colds and
numerous petty complaints.
Private Fred Se.ney, Company I, First
South Dakota, is seriously ill from quinzy
and has been removed from camp to the
French Hospital.
The First Montana boys yesterday
morning repaired in a body to> the Sutro
baths where, as guests of the manage
ment, they put in two hours in the tepid
water of the tanks. On Sunday Private
Seaman won the inter-regimental swim
ming tournament, and now wears a hand
some silver medal in token of his prow
ess.
GENERAL OTIS' STAFF.
Captain A. W. Kimball Ap-
pointed Quartermaster of
the Third Brigade.
Brigadier General H. G. Otis will estab
lish his headquarters on the same field
with General Miller, to-day, and will as
sume command of the Third Brigade.
General Otis has requested that Captain
and Assistant Adjutant General Edward
Murphy be assigned to his staff, but as
General McArthur also wants Captain
Murphy to remain with the Fourth Bri
gade staff, it has not been decided which
will get him.
Ca.ptain A. W. Kimball has been re
lieved from duty as assistant quarter
master in the Department of California
and assigned to Brigadier General Otis'
staff as quartermaster.
General Otis has appointed First Lieu
tenant Sanders, of the First Montana
Infantry, and Second Lieutenant Brad
ley, of the Seventh California, as his aids.
Lieutenant Sanders is a son of ex-United
States Senator Sanders of Montana.
THE BACON WAS BAD.
Montana Men Made 111 by Eat-
ing Unwholesome
Food.
Company B, of the First Montana went
up against some over-ripe army bacon
yesterday morning with results disastrous
to themselves. The bacon was part of a
lot that had been in the commissary depot
for many seasons. It had been shipped
to New Orleans on the breaking out of
the war and brought back again when the
troops began to assemble here, so It was
well seasoned.
The company cook noticed when ho
sliced It up that It was almost too nimble
to stay in the frying pan, but he failed to
report It to the regimental commissary
and served It up for breakfaßt.
All the members of Company B were
made sick, though they no more than
tasted the bacon, so sick that many of
them vomited. Soon after breakfast the
regiment was ordered to fall In for a
march to Sutro baths, but the men of
Company B rebelled. They said they were
too 111 to march, and Colonel Kessler was
sent for.
The colonel went to the company street
and ordered the men to fall In, which
they did. The officer said he had been
told the men had refused to obey orders,
and after warning them of the serious
ness of such an offense, asked that those
who refused to obey orders step to the
front.
Not a man moved, and the colonel ex
pressed his gratification that the men
from Butte were willing to submit to the
orders of their officers. 0n« of the men
asked permission to address the colonel,
which was readily granted. He explained
that the men were Blok from eating un
wliolefitfiue bacon. They had. not be«a
abl© to retain their breakfast, and were
too weak to make the long march.
Colonel Kessler told his men that they
were always at liberty to make com
plaints to him whenever their rations
were of poor quality, or they had any
other grievance, and he would. see that
it was rectified. He then excused the
men from the march, and instructed his
commissary to have the bacon returned
to the depot. He also issued orders to
the company cooks to report at once
whenever they found poor rations had
been issued.
THE OFFICIAL ORDERS.
Direction Given to Regiments 1
Commanders by Major Gen-
eral Otis.
Following is a copy, verbatim, of the
orders issued last evening to all of the
troops of the next expedition excepting
the Nebraakans, the Idaho battalions and
the engineering corps under Lieutenant
Connor:
Tour regiment ■will break camp at 7 o'clock
to-morrow morning and will take up Its march
to steamer Zealandia at Pacific Mall dock, ar
riving there at 9 o'clock, preparatory to placing
your troops on steamer. Teams will be fur
nished you to transport your baggage, and you
■will leave In camp an officer, a non-commis
sioned officer, and ten privates to load the
same as teams report.
It is probable that It will require the better
portion of the day to remove all baggage to
the steamer. Upon arrival there you will re
port to Brigadier General Greene for Instruc
tions. By command
MAJOR-GENERAL OTIS.
JOHN S. SEHON, Assistant Adjutant General.
Major General Otis informed the com-
manding officers of the Nebraskan»thathe
would receive his orders "not before
morning."
THE PHILIPPINE POLICE.
Orders Against the Enlistment
of Natives in the United
States Army.
As Indicative of the Government's policy
toward the insurgent natives of the Phil
ippines the following circular, written on
the 11th inst. but not delivered until yes
terday afternoon to all commanders of
expeditionary troops, is of paramount in
terest:
"Headquarters Independent Department
of the Pacific.
"San Francisco, June 11, 189 S.
"Acting upon information this day re
ceived upon the subject of enlistment of
natives of the Philippine Islands, the ma
jor general commanding directs you that,
for the present, no such natives be en
listed either in our regular or volunteer
regiments. Very respectfully,
"JOHN L. SEHON,
"Assistant Adjutant General."
Patriotic Home Helpers.
The executive committee of the Patri
otic Home Helpers held an enthusiastic
meeting at the Occidental Hotel yester
day afternoon. A great many applica
tions for help were made by the wives
and families of the soldiers who have
gone to the front.
In addressing the meeting on the ob
jects of the association Judge Patterson
said:
In the execution of the purposes of the cam
paign, it Is the duty of the Government and
every citizen of our country to aid and protect
not only those who actually engage In the con
flict, but to assist and provide for the depend
ents of the latter. Under our form of Govern
ment much of this work is necessarily left to
the Individual citizen, and to civic organiza
tions. In view of this fact, and with a pa
triotic appreciation of the responsibilities rest
ing upon them In the present crisis, our citi
zens have organized and have done great and
good work under the flag of the Red Cross
for the men who have enlisted.
But ther.e are others making great sacrifices
on behalf of the nation and of humanity and
who cannot be directly assisted and cared for
by the Red Cross organization; they are the
needy and deserving families of the enlisted
men; and It is to reach and aid these natural
and deserving wards of the nation that the
society of "The Patriotic Home Helpers" has
been formed. We cannot all go to the front,
but we can all do something for the cause.
Exhibitions of patriotism and courage are not
confined to those In actual battle. Great deeds
of heroism and sacrifice occur at home In such
times.
We have about 7000 men who have responded
to the call for troops. Naturally there will be
many dependents left In distress. The pay of
the soldier is only about $15 per month. It will
be some time before he can remit this little
cum and generally he will need It all for him
self. The necessity for funds is therefore im
mediate. Those who cannot contribute money
may be able to send food or clothing, and
those who cannot do that much may be able
to assist In procuring employment for the
members of dependent families. '
The officers are:
Hon. W. W. Morrow, president; Hon. James
D. Phelan, first vice president; Major W. B.
Hooper, second vice president; Mrs. William
Alvord. third vice president; Mrs. H. A. Har
land, secretary: Bank of California, treasurer.
Executive board— Mrs. C. Mason Klnne. Mrs.
George W. Gibbs, Mrs. Lovell White, Mrs.
Walter E. Dean, Walter E. Dean, Mrs. Will
iam Ashburner, Mrs. Horace L. Hill. John M.
Burnett, M. H. Hecht. George E. Morse, Colo
nel J. C. Currier, Hon. Tlrey L. Ford.
Advisory board— Horace L. Hill. A. N.
Drown, T. H. Goodman. General J. F. Hough
ton and J. B. Stetson.
Finance committee— Colonel Currier, T. L.
Ford. Mrs. Lovell White, Mrs. George W.
Glbbs, Mra. Dean, Major Hooper, W. E.
Dean.
Relief committee— Mra. W. W. Young. Mrs.
George W. Gibbs, Mra. William Ashburner,
Mrs. Horace Hfll, Mrs. John Moss, Mrs. Colo
nel Grannls, Mrs. James Edwards, Miss Cen
ter, Mrs. J. J. Scovllle. W. E. Dean,
Major W. B. Hooper.
Death of a Recruit.
Private Damann, Company X, Four
teenth Infantry, died at the French Hos
pital late yesterday afternoon of pneu
monia. The unfortunate soldier was only
taken to the hospital late last week. He
had been sick for several days but had not
reported himself upon the sick roll of the
company, so that he was In a serious con
dition before any one was aware of his
illness. Damann was a new recruit,
having joined the Fourteenth only a few
weeks ago. Private Damann was a native
of Faribault, Minn., where his mother
resides. He was a waif, who In his own
small way gave his mite, his all— his life
for the stars and stripes. He will be given
a military funeral and laid to rest In the
National Cemetery.
Help From the Holly Berries.
At; the Denman Grammar ; School the
girls have an organization which Is
known as :," the Hollyberry i Society. In
their various t literary productions the
young ladies have shown remarkable tal
ent, the little quarterly they publish hav
ing about it ? a finish ; and maturity so
marked as to cause wonder that it should
be the product «f puj>t'n In Uldf jj||rly
SUBMARINE MINES.
THE DANCER AREA IN THE BAY OF
SAN FRANCISCO.
teens. The current number is a Red
Cross edition, and all the profits will be
devoted to the welfare of the soldiers.
The little volume is exceedingly artistic
and interesting, well illustrated, and alto
gether a credit to the Denman School.
While the sale has been rapid copies may
yet be secured from any member of the
Hollyberry Society or by application to
Etta Mac Seaton, the editor, to Ina May
Ball or Fannie Eppstein. who share the
responsibilities of the business manage
ment.
NEW POLICE STATION.
The Commissioners Decide to
Establish One at Camp
Merritt.
The Police Commissioners have decided
to establish a police station at Camp
Merritt.
Yesterday the Chief of Police visited the
camp and selected a spot for the erection
of a temporary station. Sergeants Tobin,
Perrin and Duncan will alternate as sta
tion keepers. They will have eighteen
men under them who will be compelled to
stand watches of eight hours each.
Patrolman Fell, who was struck over
the head with a bayonet by a sentry for
refusing to "stand back" when ordered
to do so, has been relieved from duty at
the camp. Fearing that he would be
killed if allowed to remain at the camp.
Chief Lees wisely ordered him removed
to the Seventeenth-street station.
The Colored Troops.
The Adjutant General of California has
advised Colonel L. N. Peney of the Twen
ty-eighth Regiment of Colored Volunteer
Infantry, that Governor Budd appreciates
PROUD GRADUATES
■RECEIVED DIPLOMAS
YEARS OF HARD STUDY
CROWNED WITH SUCCESS.
Washington Evening School Classes
Honored Before Hundreds of
Friends — Names of For
tunate Scholars.
Never before has Native Sons' Hall held
as large a gathering as that which at
tended the closing exercises or tne Wash
ington Evening School last evening.
Standing and breathing room were at a
premium and the large supply of pro
grammes containing the names of proud
graduates was exhausted early In the
evening. At the conclusion of the splen
did programme Hon. William ' Derham,
assisted by Superintendent of Schools R.
H. Webster and Director Samuel Waller,
distributed diplomas and medals to the
fortunate scholars. As each one stepped
forward to receive the coveted sheepskin
or medal he or she was given a generous
round of applause from numerous friends
who crowded the hall.
Following Is the programme as ren
dered:
Overture Hynes' Orchestra: Invocation (to
the flag). Harry Hunt; sons, "Ma Onliest One,"
Charles O'Connor; piano duet, "Neck and
Neck," Grace Burmeister and Emma Lorieh;
scarf pantomime, girls of '98; song ( character),
"Rafferty's Circus Show." future defenders of
our flag; selection. Hynes' Orchestra: rlass
recitation. "Star-Spangled Banner," graduating
classes; song, "My Dream of You," Harry
Ohea, accompanied hy W. Armbruster; evolu
tion of the flag, graduates of '98; song (trio).
"To .Thee, O Country." Misses Romllda, Sebll
and Elvira Tonlni, accompanied by W. Arm
bruster; essay, "High School Class Dispensa
tion," Daniel Murphy and class; banjo duet,
W. P. Feeny and Charles Randall: song (se
lected). R. Lowry; delivery of diplomas. Hon.
R. H. Webster; distribution of medals (Bridge,
Denman, Washington}, Hon. Samuel L. Waller.
Following are the graduates:.
Bridge Medalist?— Christian H. HJul, David
Caen. Charles Randall.
Denman Medalists— Mary E. Clancey, Minnie
A. Bode.
Washington Medalist— Leonard P. Canepa.
High School Class— Dr. Fr. Fischer, teacher.
Robert Casella, Wllford Darneal. Thomas Fox,
William Harrison, George Henderson. Leo
Herold, Harry Hyland, James Leahy, Daniel
Murphy, Harry Ohea, John Porporato, Harold
Street.
Commercial Class— Miss M. McDonald,
teacher. Car! Fossellus. Edward A. White.
May C. McAvoy, Laura M. Feistcnrn. Julie C.
Doisron. Anna M. Yung, Mary E. O'Keefe.
Ninth Grade— Miss A. M. Flala, teacher. Fred
A. Adams. Elizabeth T. Beuzon. Minnie A.
Bode. Mary E. Brady. Marguerite V, Brady,
Grace O. Burmeister. T>avld Caen, Leonard P.
Canepa. Mary E. Clancey, Mary C. Corcoran,
Sarah A. Crowley, Annie R. Daneri, Margherlte
F.-Dondero, Felix F. Desmond, John B. Garo
falo, John A. Gindorff, Bessie S. Goodman,
Walter C. Hauke, Christian H. Hjul, Harry
Pc Vere Hunt. Marie Louise Verau, William
EL Kelly. Frank T. Leahy, Emma J. Lorlch,
Arthur Milestone, Chartes J. Nlcolal, Timothy
O'Brien, Charles llanilall, Robert Roy, Jake
Scharlln, Frerl Sohlueter.
Miss P. M. Nolan, principal; Miss A. M.
Flaia, vice-principal.
HONORARY PUPILS.
Ninth Grade— Miss A. M. Fiala, teacher.
Christian H. HJul. David Caen, Mary E.
Clancey. Minnie A. Bode. Charles Randall,
Marie L. Verau, Bessie S. Goodman. Frank
Leahy, Fred C. Schlueter, Grace O. Burmelster.
Eighth Grade— Miss K. jO. McQualde, teacher.
Thomas M. Jewett, Emlle C. Anderson. Louis
T. Rea, Albeit Beer, Horace Treadwell, Fulton
Figonl.
Eighth Grade— Miss M. McQuald, teacher.
Beatrice Ricottl. Antillo Musante. Sarah Sal
azar. Maggie Hynes, Joseph Johnson, Colinda
Canepa.
Seventh Grade — Miss L. S. Dyer, teacher. Joe
Laverony, George Berger, Tom Renton, Chris.
Neddersen, Eugene d.^ Martini.
Seventh Grade— Miss A. B. Mcßoyle, teacher.
Emlle Liebert. Gustav Burgh, Fred Bode. John
Murphy, John Williams.
Sixth Grade— Miss I. M. Roberts. teach»r.
Edgar S. Lem. Romeo Pelletlerl, August Bents,
Meta L. Folks, Ernest Flores. Fred Crawr. .nl.
Sixth Grade— Miss E. S. Mahoney. teacher.
Mollie Murphy, Rose Feroglaro. Frances Per
tosa. Jules Brunei. Frank Greco, Joseph Pa
dilla.
Fifth Grade— Miss M. Robinson, teacher.
Louis Paulson, Trinidad Carbajal. Eugene
Cross, Rene Gulot, Minnie Woods, Harry Cross,
Fred Murat.
Fourth Grade— Miss M. L. Day, teacher.
Willie Ekßtrom, Peter Figaro, Albert Williams,
Robert Gunn.
the loyalty of the colored people of Cali
fornia.
Colonel Peney hopes to get an organiza*
tion of 100 colored troops accepted and.
mustered into the United States service
under the second call for troops from this
State. Under the third call he expects
that a twelve company regiment may be
mustered in. The Colonel says two com
panies have been recruited at Pasadena,
three at Los Angeles, two at Fresno, two
at Red Bluff and one each in San. Fran
cisco and Sacramento. He says the troops
will be able to endure the climate of the
Philippines, and, in fact, be more service
able there than white troops. The colored
organization maintains headquarter* at
1655 Market street.
War Incidents.
There have been enrolled 308 recrulta for
the First California Regiment since last
Wednesday, and if all are accepted this
number will more than fill the regiment
to its maximum. The physical examina
tion will be begun to-morrow morning at
the recruiting office in the regimental ar
mory. Page and Gough streets.
Ex-Congressman A. Caminettl has ten
dered his services to Governor Budd for
such duty in the country's cause as the
Governor may designate. Mr. Caminettl
speaks the Spanish language fluently, and
his services would be very valuable at
the Philippines or in Cuba.
The Washington volunteers at Fontana
Barracks had another day's practice
march yesterday out to the Cliff House
and return. They marched from Lom
bard street and Van Ness avenue to the
Cliff House in two hours, ami then in
dulged in a swim at the Sutro Baths.
Captain Amos W. Kimball, assistant
quartermaster United States Volunteers,
has been ordered to report for duty as
chief quartermaster on the staff of Briga
dier General Otis.
Pasquale Sllvestri, David Paulson. Cerelll
Prospero, Merino Sevario.
Ungraded Class (gentlemen) — Miss K. Galnea,
teacher. Antons Lubat, Enrico Tosi, Giulio
MartlnelH, Ernest Fi^eac. Guiseppe Ghezzl.
Vinrent Vicich. Angelo Cafferata.
Ungraded ("lnss 'ladies)— Dr. M. J. Mahoney,
teacher. Vesta Clinton, Mabel Chun. Louisa
Delvecchio, Bertha Gallardo. Therese MlTa
montes, Josephine Miramontes, Caroline Pare
yon, Mary Dutra, Martha Wilson, Mary Vese
llch.
Ungraded Clasp fgentlemenl— Miss A. B. Mo-
Laughlin, teacher. Anton Delvecchio, Baptist*
Dagnino, Carlo Muzio, Fred Oberg, Tomas Pal
ise, Joseph Rlva.
TO CELEBRATE
BUNKER HILL DAY
THIS YEAR WILL SURPASS ALB
FORMER EFFORTS.
An Elaborate Programme Prepared,
Los Gatos to Be the Scene of a
Magnificent Display.
Preparations for the forthcoming cele
bration of the battle of Bunker Hill oa
Friday, June 17, at Los Gatos. were com
pleted last right at the meeting of the
executive committee of the four .--ocierieß
having the affair in hand, viz., Bunker
Hill Association, Native Sons of Vermont,
Sons of the American Revolution and tho
California Society of Pioneers. From
present indications the joint observance
of the day will f ciipse all previous sforts
in that regard and the committee has la
boied assiduously to bring about such a
result.
It was stated that three trains will leave
Fourth and Towrisend at 8:30 Friday
morning and for the convenience of peo
ple who live across the bay the narrow
gauge train will leave Fourteenth and
Webster at 8:15. On arriving at Loa
Gatos they will be met by members of i?ie
local Board of Trade, memhcn of the
Grand Army of the Republic, Patriotic
Sons of America, and' various other so
cieties. The parade will be formed at the
depot and will march down the main
street and at Church street countermarch
to Bunker Hill Park, which will be spe
cially dedicated to the occasion. A distin
guishing feature of the day will be the
raising of a Bunker Hill flag made to rep
resent, the original.
A communication, was read from H. C.
Corbin. adjutant general, stating that the
request for the firing of salutes from the
forts In the harbor had been approved by
the Secretaary of War and had been so
ordered.
General Merritt wrote that the kind in
vitation to attend the exercises had been
received, and although he WTmself would
be unable to attend no doubt some of his
staff would be present.
WANTS LOTS OF MONEY.
Estimate of the Street Department
Reaches Almost a Million.
Th« Street Department has asked for
all it wants for the coming year: it caa
not get along on less than $987,500, It
seems, although last year $63f>,000 waa
thought sufficient. Some of the largest
items in the hudget are as follows:
Salaries, $32,500: street sweeping, $200,000; «_
paving accepted streets. $300,000: cleaning and
repair of sewers, $120,000; improvement of
streets in front of city property, $100,000. Total
$965,000.
Of the amount asked for the depart
ment hopes to secure $$540,000 from the
various revenues of the office as follows:
City and county licenses. $286,000; municipal
licenses. 190,000; street department, $30,000; spe
cial fees. $35,000; total revenue, $540,000.
The License Collector wants J35.400 and
$650 for stationery.
Carpenters Elect Officers.
At a meeting of I'nion 483, Carpenters
and Joiners, held last night, the follow
ing officers were elected: T. O. Arthur,
president: J. J. Kidd. vice-president: Wil
liam Barton, recording secretary: Guy
Lathrop, financial secretary: J. C. Hay
ner, treasurer. The semi-annual reports
showed the union to he in good condition
financially and to have enjoyed a dis
tinctive gain in memhership.
The Hardtmuth lead pencil is the best in
56
TUESDAY JUNE 14 ,1898
JOHN D. SPKtCKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts,. S. P.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL BOOMS SIT to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1871
THE CAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) l>
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mail $6 per year; per month
65 cent*.
THE WEEKLY CAIX ..One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE .«. 908 Broadway
fS'EW YORK OFFICE Room ISS, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlgfta Hone*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marqaette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock. 587 hjayes street, »oen until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarlOn street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock. 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUStMtNTa,
Coltmrtrta— •* Number Nine "
Baldwin-** The Passion Play."
AJcazar— "A Celebrated Case
Morosco's— "Under the Polar Star-"
Tlvoli— "An American Hero."
Orpheum — Vauiie villa.
Mrvhanies' Pavilion — Reception to the Firm Minnesota
Begun en t. Friday night.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 61S-pound Mati
Olynipla— Corner Mason and Eckiy streets, Specialties.
fcutro Baths — bwlnumnff.
El Cat.po— Music, danclngr, boatlnjr, fishing*, every Sunday,
Excursion to Los Gatos— Friday, June 17.
AUCTION SAL£S.
By H. H. Reed— This day, Juuc it. Oriental Rare, at 106 Grant
a venue, at S o'clock.
By J- A. Muuro— This day, June 14. Dru«- Store, at 1620 Wct-
ster street, Aiameda, at 11 o'clook.
By Suiilvan & Doyle— Thursday, June 16, Horses, etc., at 2*
Valencia street, at 11 o'clock.
AID FOR THE RED CROSS.
IT is evident, from what has already been needed at
the hands of the Red Cross Society, that the future
draft, before this war is all over and permanent
garrisons are sent afar and larger navies manned, will
be immense.
No mathematics can measure what has been already
accomplished here. It is apparent that we have
been much more in evidence than the people
East. Perhaps this is because the troops from many
interior States have been concentrated upon San
Francisco, while those moved from the interior
toward the Gulf and the Atlantic have been rendez
voused in many far-scattered camps, and there has
been no concentration to excite interest and stimulate
sympathy. This has been the means of affording a
contrast very favorable and flattering to California.
The same family may be getting letters from members
in camp here and at Tampa. The letters from Cali
fornia will tell of towns in committee of the whole
from the State line to the Golden Gate to receive the
tired recruits with every manifestation of fellowship
and brotherly good will. They will tell of the food
and flowers that awaited them on landing in San
Francisco and the kindness in camp that warded
homesickness away, while the letters from the other
camps will have only the perfunctory attentions re
quired by the regulations to tell about, and there will
be but little to say of such cheer and comfort and
homelike touches as have been lavished here.
What has been well begun must be well done to the
end. With larger calls there must be more extensive
preparations. The treasury of the Red Cross must be
filled and kept full. To this end the means so suc
cessfully resorted to during the Civil War should be
put in action here. As San Francisco it tho metro
politan center, the peopk of this city should institute
and carry to success a great Red Cross fair. It could
be made a historic and art exhibition. In the his
toric section the history of this State could be illus
trated by whatever tells the story of the two sovereign
ties whose jurisdiction of this soil preceded ours. The
history of our occupation would be grouped in such
a way a3 to show the rise of every civil subdivision,
of counties, of towns and cities. Another historical
phase would begin with whatever sets forth the re
ligious history of California; objects from the 'old
missions; the early history of the great religious
bodies; their pioneer churches; the first synagogue
and the first rabbi who read in it the scroll of the
Pentateuch; all this would bring together for the
first time and crystallize into form an interesting
feature of our life.
The art section could borrow from the very rich
private galleries of this and other cities. It is prob
able that there is more money invested in California
in works of art in proportion to our population than
In any other State in the Union. These treasures can
be exhibited with good effect upon the taste of our
people, which will be refined and advanced by the
lesson.
In addition to these features there may be interest
ing outdoor affairs, of which more may be said here
after.
In this way the Red Cross Society may be per
manently equipped for anycall to be made upon it Tlie
great and patriotic public will prefer to do it this way
and be relieved of many and repeated appeals for
money in counting rooms, stores, shops, churches,
lodges and public offices. Men will give once for all
at such an exhibition more than the aggregate of do
nations made under circumstances of personal solici
tation. The relief, then, will be two-sided— that to
be extended by the Red Cross and that to the public
in the manner of the giving. Let this be seriously
considered.
Unless flags are flying from every available pole
this morning, houses and stores decorated with the
national colors, San Francisco will not be paying
proper attention to the fact that it is flag day, and that
the stars and stripes have reached the dignity of 121
years. To be sure many flags have been flying for
days/ and people have been busy about patriotic em
ployments, but there is room for more flags and an
excuse for livelier demonstration.
There is no particular reason for thinking that with
Manila in the hands of the insurgents there will be
nothing for American soldiers to do but 101 l around
camp smoking cheroots. The insurgents themselves
are not people in whose constancy one may entertain
a sweet and abiding faith.
Admiral Camara is doomed. He can come over
here and take his medicine or stay at home and wait
for it to be carried to him, but the dose is being pre
pared, and it will be fatal.
President Patton of Princeton is patriotic. The cir
cumstance is rare and pleasing as the announcement
of it is alliterative.
fIDMIRfIL DEWEY'S REPORT.
ri DMIRAL DEWEY'S official report to the
/ \ Navy Department on the action at Manila Bay
confirms in every respect the story of the vic
tory as told by The Call. It contains but one new
item of information, and public interest in it will be
due mainly to the fact that every loyal American will de
sire to read the account given of the great achieve
ment by the heroic commander himself.
It will be noted that the admiral is most just and
generous in the commendation and praise given to his
men and the officers who under his leadership directed
them during the action. "I beg to state to the de
partment," says the admiral, "that I doubt if any
commander-in-chief was ever served by more loyal,
efficient and gallant captains than those of the squad
ron now under my command."
In the list of those whom the admiral selected for
the honor of direct mention by name L J. L. Stick
ney, the correspondent of the Herald and The Call.
Of him the admiral said: "He volunteered as my aid
and rendered valuable service." Thus it will be seen
our representative at the battle not only watched the
combat closely as a war correspondent charged with
the duty of giving the first report of it to the public,
but he found time also to assist in the victory as aid
to the commander-in-chief, thus performing double
service during the whole of the eventful day.
In his letter describing the battle Mr. Stickney said
nothing of his own service as aid to the admiral.
That, therefore, is the one feature of news in the re
port. This it will be noted is quite different from the
course pursued by the correspondents of yellow jour
nals when by any chance they are within the hearing
of the guns of battle. In the Manila fight it happens
there were no yellow correspondents at all. It is safe
to say it will be a long time before any of the Ex
aminer fakers ever receive honorable mention in an
official report.
It is doubly gratifying to The Call to be able to fol
low up the story of the victory as given by Mr. Stick
ney with that of Admiral Dewey, in which Mr. Stick
ney himself received due honor for his own patriotic
and courageous sen-ice during the action.
THE GEARY-STREET FRANCHISE.
THE petition of the Geary-street Cable Company
for a renewal of its franchise is a source of great
anxiety to a boodle morning contemporary. Not
only does this authority produce a daily "argument"
to show that the Supervisors have no power at this
time to advertise the franchise for sale, but it quotes
copiously from the law to prove that if they attempt
to do so they will be guilty of malfeasance in office.
The interest thus manifested is more than pathetic;
it is calculated to move the heart of a stone dog,
which is about the most immovable thing on earth.
The franchise of the Geary-street company will ex
pire in 1903. The act of 1897, providing for the sale
of railway franchises, forbids the renewal of any now
being exercised until one year next preceding their
expiration. If this law is complied with the franchise
of the Geary-street line cannot be advertised for sale
until 1902, unless in the meantime the company now
holding it abandons it, which it may, of course, easily
do. If the sale of this valuable property can be post
poned until 1902 it will come under the provisions of
the new charter and may be so weighted down with
restrictions as to make its purchase undesirable. The
effort of the Market-street company, which has suc
ceeded to the rights of the Geary-street company, to
effect a sale at this time may thus be readily under
stood. Whether a renewal of the franchise and the
construction of an electric line to be managed by
the Market-street company would be in the interest of
the public and residents of Geary street we do not
know. It is apparent that it would not be in the in
terest of The, Boodler. That is sufficiently attested
by its present anxiety.
If The Boodler were as friendly with the "Solid
Eight" in the Board of Supervisors as it was prior to
the Spring Valley cinch of last year probably it would
not so vigorously oppose the renewal of the Geary
street franchise. But ever since the "eight" declined
its assistance in holding up the water company a feel
ing of hostility has existed which has been greatly
augmented by the attempt of Mayor Phelan, The
Boodler's especial protege, to oust the Supervisors.
There is no chance to make money out of the Geary
street franchise. Even if the Southern Pacific were
disposed to restore The Boodler to its payroll at
$1000 a month it would not do so on account of any
opposition it might make to the renewal of this fran
chise. All the corporation need do in the premises is
to pave the way legally and the Supervisors will do
the rest, irrespective of what The Boodler says or
thinks.
Hence The Boodler may as well cease from trou
bling. There is nothing in the Geary-street franchise
for it. That privilege belongs to the "Solid Eight,"
and that aggregation of statesmen will not divide.
If the Market-street company wants the franchise
it can abandon its present privilege and ask for an
other. Being the owner of a track, roadbed and cars
it can bid more than any other corporation at the
sale. The Railroad Commission is not a very fruitful
field for the exercise of its talents, but if The Boodler
desires to be restored to the payroll it should confine
its efforts to that locality. There is no chance to
break in via Geary street.
Why the Spanish statesmen continue to talk like
fools is one of the great mysteries of war. Their nerv«
in rebuking the United States Government for "in
stigating rebellion" among a population capable "of
pillaging, devastating, violating and torturing" sur
passes all human understanding. In these terms the
Spanish exactly describe their own methods of war
tare. They have set the example, been the instiga
tors, and yet blither nonsense about being horrified
at the muss they have stirred tip. Perhaps the Span
ish are trying to paVe the way for a plea of insanity.
If so they can have all of Spain for an asylum, but it
would never do for armed lunatics to be permitted on
the high seas.
An English correspondent writes to his home paper
commending the American soldier, but expressing
distaste for the uniform. If the uniform is comfort
able its appearance is a matter of secondary import
ance. The man inside of it will do the fighting.
Young Letter will get no sympathy over his fail
ure. A Providence, which still seems to have benign
streaks in it, naturally throws obstacles in the way of
any man's scheme for possessing all the wheat on
earth.
Spain says \t can continue the war in Cuba two
years. But it can't. Long before the expiration of
this time it will have nothing to say about affairs in
the island save to pass regretful remarks.
Germany manifests anxiety to know what this Gov«
ernemnt intends doing with the Philippine*. An ex
cellent plan would be for Germany to wait and see.
. It is to be hoped that the owners of the Centennial
will refrain from suing Uncle Sam. He is too busy
now to attend to civil business
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 14, 1898.
THE WOES OF W. F- HARRITY.
\A OST men and women living outside of Perm
/ \ sylvania have probably forgotten they ever
* * heard of William F. Harrity, and are oblivious
of the fact that his personal fortunes were once mat
ters of national interest. They will receive it as news,
therefore, that he has risen again above the horizon,
and his woes are once more the subject of high de
bate and mad language in the great circles of poli
tics.
Mr. Harrity first achieved fame as the conductor of
the Democratic campaign which resulted in the elec
tion of Cleveland for the second term. He was the
national committeeman from Pennsylvania when the
campaign of 1896 was going on, but, being a gold
man, he was turned down by the Democratic State
Convention of Pennsylvania last year and a silver man
chosen in his place. From this action of the State
convention Mr. Harrity appealed, on the ground that
che convention had no authority to remove him. The
issue raised an interesting point in the practice of
politics and for a time the discussion over it waged
long and loud.
The chairman of the Democratic National Com
mittee, Senator Jones, is a man who believes in the
healing power of time. He holds to the belief that
any fire will die out after a while if you let it alone,
and that it is therefore foolish to risk burning your
hands in trying to extinguish it. He let the Harrity
controversy alone for a year. It was never settled.
Now it has burst out again with as much fury as ever,
and it appears the new flaming forth is due to the
pernicious activity of Colonel William J. Bryan.
According to the Washington correspondent of the
Philadelphia Times Chairman Jones, having been
stirred up on the issue after the lapse of a year, sub
mitted the question by letter to the various members
of the national committee. Of the first replies re
ceived a large majority were favorable to Harrity, and
it appeared he would be retained in his place. Then
Bryan interfered, and by letters and otherwise took an
active part in the fight against the gold man, with the
result that the aspect of the situation has changed and
the woes of Mr. Harrity are more woeful than ever.
Reviewing the controversy from the Washington
standpoint the Times correspondent says: "Mr. Har
rity's friends here gave up hope of his retention in the
committee after Mr. Bryan entered actively into the
contest and expressed his willingness to accept the
responsibility for Mr. Harrity's removal. The con
servative leaders of the party do not hesitate to de
clare that a mischievous practice will be established,
but they seem powerless to prevent it."
The interest which the general public has in the de
feat of Harrity lies in the light it throws upon tfie con
dition prevailing in the national Democratic council.
For some time past Gorman and Hill and other emi
nent Democrats have been assiduously working to
drag their party out of the slough of free silver and
Bryanism in time to enable it to take the field in the
Congressional elections this fall with a fair chance of
success. The defeat of Harrity shows that these ef
forts have been unavailing. The Bryanit? leaders are
in the saddle and the Democratic donkey is not able
to dismount them. Colonel Bryan may go to war,
but he will still show enough activity in politics to
keep his opponents in the party out of its councils
and out of authority.
RAILROADS IN THE ORIENT.
rROM recently published statements concerning
the export of American locomotives to foreign
countries it appears the Orient is the largest
purchaser in the market and that railroad extension
in that portion of the world is going forward at con
siderable speed. They also show that our locomotives
are in good demand and that we have a chance for
an increasing trade in railway material of all kinds
with the newly awakened people of both China and
Japan.
A representative of the Baldwin Locomotive Works
is quoted as saying his c^opipuny within the last two
months has received orders for 107 locomotives, 83 of
these for railroads in Eastern China, 10 for New Zea
land, six, curiously enough, for SpaLi, two for Argen
tina, one for Mexico and five for Egypt. The
Schenectady Locomotive Works report an order of
thirty-eight engines for Japan, the Brooks Locomo
tive Works five for Japan and the Richmond Loco
motive Works seventeen for the Finland-Russian
state railway.
Thus of the 167 locomotives for which foreign or
ders have been given to the various works named no
less than 126 are for the Orient. An order from a
single company for eighty-three locomotives for
China is in itself significant of the rapidity with which
industrial changes are going on in that old empire. It
is clear that our trade interests with the Chinese are
expanding rapidly and that it will be folly if we do
not take steps to promote and foster them by every
means in our power.
In making these inroads into foreign markets our
industries are handicapped by the lack of American
shipping. Our manufacturers and our farmers would
compete with their rivals for the rich trade of the
Orient on better terms if they had equal advan
tages in shipping. This marked development of the
Oriental market ought therefore to prove a strong
incentive to Congress to hasten the enactment of
legislation favorable to the upbuilding of our mer
chant marine. A one-sided growth is never healthy
nor durable. If we are to promote our industries at
home and make the United States the manufacturing
center of the world we must also promote our indus
tries on the sea and make our shipping equal to the
demands of our commerce.
It would seem that at this time a man educated, fed
and clothed by the Government, as Schwerin was,
ought to be glad of the opportunity to show a fitting
gratitude by offering his services to the nation whose
ward he has been and whose pay he drew until his
relative, Huntington, snatched from the perils of
naval life, with its chances of court-martial and the
grand bounce. But now duty calls even to Schwerin.
He ought to volunteer to rejoin the navy rather than
linger about the Pacific Mail dock hampering the
outfitting of ships. This would show his good will
and not put him to any inconvenience, as the offer
would be rejected in less time than would be required
to make it.
The Victoria man who wired to Sagasta for letters
of marque so as to be able to go after ships loaded
with Klondike gold is probably a joker. However,
he ought to have the hose turned on him, an opera
tion which would be the same intellectual grade of
jest.
Admiral Camara would better stay in Spanish
waters. At least, he has the privilege of remaining
on the surface of them.
.General Greely's sweeping order against the trans
mission of war new 9 cannot keep people from
guessing.
In addition to their war-paint the ships of the navy
are being covered with glory.
THEFT
OF THE
GOLDEN GATE
I'LL tell you a tale."
Said the bosun s mate,
"I'll tell you a tale of the sea;
Many yarns I've told
Of the ocean bold,
But the awfulest yarn that ever I told
Ain't as bad as the tale I'll now unfold;
And your hair'll be on end, and your
blood run cold—
Your blood run cold,"
Said he, said he;
Said the bosuns mate, said he.
"The good ship Jane,"
Said the bosuns mate,
"Was as stanch as a ship could b«;
She sailed one night,
With a cargo tight
Of the yellowest gold, which shon« so
bright
That its shining blinded the steersman
quite,
And he ran on a rock that was out of
sight—
" 'Twaa out of sight,"
Bald he, said he;
Said the bo'eun's mate, said he.
"Now there we was,"
Said the bosuns mate,
"With a ship a-leakln" free;
So our strength we spent,
Fer to fix the dent-
But the lovely gold, overboard it went
\% hich lightened the ship to that extent
That we floated off— but without a cent—
Without a cent,"
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
M. W. Stockdale of Petaluma Is at the
California.
Major P. M. Norboe of Vlsalia Is at the
California.
Rev. A. B. Simpson of New York is at
the Palace.
T. L. Reed- of Reedley is one of the
arrivals at the Grand.
John F. Starrett of Cleveland. Ohio, is
registered at the Baldwin.
William MoKinlay, a large mine owner
of Nevada City, is staying at the Lick.
J. ? S. Josephs of New York and W. H.
Smith of Raleigh, N. C, are at the Bald
win.
S. R. Porter, superintendent and part
owner of the Baliol mine, is a guest at
the Occidental.
Rev. G. Metzler of Ontario and A.
Strandes and son of Germany are among
tj»e arrivals at the Palace.
Bx-United States Marshal Covarrubias
of the Southern District is registered at
the Palace from Los Angeles.
J. F. Clapp, a mining man of San An
dreas, and J. D. Biddle, a Han ford bank
er, are registered at the Grand.
P. Tognazzini of San Luia OMspn. K.
C. Loftus of Railroad Plai and Hugh
Mitchell of Baltimore are at the Grand.
R. C. Walrath of Nevada City and L.
H. GarriK»".s and wife of Salinas are
among those who registered at the Lick.
> The volunteers
> at Richmond are
j on the whole
, pretty well sat
' lefled with their
' daily rn^ps, but
HE WOULD
NOT
EAT CACTUS.
o O now and then
0000000000 some disaffection
crops out and it is charged t<> an antip
athy for the particular fond prepared by
the company cook. Yesterday H, J. liar
ling, onco prominent us a salmon canner,
hut now tlio head of a company thn?
packs provisions into Dawson and on the
return deports gold bricks from that
thriving community in the Ice fields, vis
ited the Richmond encampmpnt to tier an
old friend and break the soldier's bread
with him. The old friend is Lieutenant
Clarke, Company f. Minnesota Volun
teers. After being shown around the
camp and Introduced to all tho notables
Barling Bat down to a soldier's dinner.
Tt was a several course affair, consisting
of viands that would please the palate
of any but a real Pctror.lus. and both
Barling and the man whose dearest ac
tion is in the tented field ate- heartily
with seeming gusto. Salnd, entree and
chicken silently disappeared without a
demur. Then came a course against
which the Minnesotan rebelled. Once be
fore he had tried to do Justice to this
new dish placed before him but had sig
nally failed. He would not even repeat
the former effort. The waiter who served
him was called and a tirade was launched
against the COok and the commissary
who supplied the camp with such stuff.
"I want you to understand I will not
eat cactus," he cried. "I have tried it
once and will not do it again. I'll eat
anything you br^ng me but cactus. I
want you to know I am not a horse."
The waiter began to quail with an ex
planation, but it was unheeded.
Lieutenant Clarke had been served with
artichokes with appropriate mayonnaise
dressing.
H. L. Mlddleton of Boulder Creek, Dr.
and Mrs. K. Urban of Tomales and C. M.
Hunter of Los Angeles are at the Bald
win.
Alderman Fallows and family of Bir
mingham, 11. M. La Rue, Railroad Com
missioner, of Sacramento and A. Moncure
of Palermo are guests at the Occidental.
Harlow W. Higinbotham, who was
president of the Chicago Columbian Ex
position, Is registered at the Palace with
his family. Mr. Higinbotham is at pres
ent a member of the firm of Marshall
Field & Co. of Chicago.
Japanese Consul Segawa left last night
for Washington, D. C. From there he
will make an extended Eastern trip, after
which he will go to Japan. He will be
gone about a yenr. During his absence
Count Mutsu, who came here on the
Doric's last trip, will act as Consul.
J. B. Ralston and Wright D. BreeSe,
directors of the Maine Gold Mining and
Milling Company of Tuolumne County,
are in town arranging for the installa
tion of several stamp mills on the prop
erty. Several hundred tons of ore are on
the dumps and considerable tunneling
has been done. Messrs. Bresee and Ral
ston report mining to be flourishing in
Tuolumne County.
NOT THE OLYMPIA.
Editor The Call: In the damage sus
tained by the American fleet during the
battle of Manila Bay you Bay the Olympia
received five shot holes In »ier upper
works and six men were wounded.
I beg to inform you that it was the
Baltimore that received the shots and
six men wounded, and that the American
fleet was overmatched in everything ex
cept the skill of our gunners and the dar
ing pluck of our "Yankee sailor boys." I
have a son on the Baltimore* Respect
fully yours,
MRS. E. S. GRIDLEY,
Napa. June 18, 1898.
When the historian Frledrlch yon Rau
mer died he directed In his last will that
his valuable library of 12,000 volumes
should pass Into the possession of the
Prussian state after the death of the last
member of his family. This event has
now occurred, and the library will prob
ably be turned over to the former uni
versity town of Frankfort-on-the-Oder.
By F. M. RANKIN
Said he, said he;
Said the bosuns mate, said he.
"O, we all felt blue,"
Said the bosuns mate,
"And we dashed our eyes, did we;
Such an awful fate.
As to lose our freight,
Was a fearful thing for to contemplate.
When a great idea struck my pate.
And I says— 'Let's steal the Golden Gate!
Let's steal the gate,"
Said he, said he;
Said the bosuns mate, said he.
"So on we sailed,"
Said the bosuns mate,
" 'Till the Golden Gate we see;
And I hope I'll die
If I tell a lie.
When all was still and no one nigh.
We yanked that gate off on the fly.
And sailed from San Francisco sly;
, P^rom 'Frisco, sly,"
Said he, said he;
Bald the bosuns mate, said ho.
"Now, what I say,"
Said the bosuns mate,
"Is as true as true can be.
A jewelry store
Bought up the door-
It weighed a hundred ton or mor»-
And all of us had wealth galore —
Which shows you why I live ashore —
I live ashore,"
Said he, said 1 he;
Said the bosuns mate, Bald he.
WAS MISREPRESENTED.
The Consul General for Guatemala
Replies to an Attack in the
Bulletin.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., June 13, IS9S.
To the Editor of The Call— Sir: In
last Saturday's Bulletin appeared an i
article in which It was stated that I was I
boasting of being of Spanish origin. It :
also contained absurdities of a similar na
ture, all of which were intended to make
my sojourn here unpleasant and to raise
susceptibilities against me. This article,
like all others, which are infamous,
calumnious and cowardly, does not bear j
any signature, nor are the names of .the ;
persons given who are said to have ac
cused me. However, I know very well
that it originated with the same three
persons, only one of them being a
Guatemalan, who through envy and by
political intrigues have attacked me in
the Bulletin since September last. As all
their other attacks resulted in naught i
they now try this new calumny with the i
most venomous intentions, characteristic!
of degraded people. So far I have treated \
al these attacks with the contempt they
deserve, but since they begin to touch
upon such a delicate point, I have to
protect with the greatest /energy against!
what my hidden enemies publish about
me, by declaring that I always used the
greatest reserve whenever conversation >
turned upon the existing war, and that I I
always preferred not to speak about it at !
oil, thus as was becoming to my official i
position, which I know very well how to'
uphold. This very position does not pec
rait me to be very explicit in the matter; !
but l profess- my greatest sympathies for
this great country, which every day I !
learn to love more, I am here by my own I
free will and visited San Francisco three
times and New York twice before I was
appointed Consul, and did so because l\
liked the Americans.
My enemies say that I publicly declared
to be a Spaniard; if so ft will.be an easy
matter to bring witnesses, who neces- 1
sarily must have" heard my declaration,"
but I defy them, as they will be at a loss
to procure one.
Lastly, I mention that there Is no
Guatemalan colony here at present, either
prominent or not prominent. Outside of
two or three true gentlemen, who are;
friends of mine, there are none, as all the
families which used to live here have re
turned to Guatemala. I am, dear sir,
very respectfully yours, ?
. V H. CARRILLO,
Consul-General for Guatemala.
THE PROBLEM OT THE FUTURE.
Editor San Francisco Call— Sir: In con- '
nectlon with the acquisition by the Unit
ed Stairs of the island territories of Ha
waii, the Philippines and Porto Rico,
there are consideratlonsiiot to be lost sight
uf that arc- Infinitely highor and of far ;
greater import than the mere extension of
our commercial empire and the enlarge
ment of our facilities for uefense*against
a foreign foe. If we terminate the pres
• in government by which the Inhabitants ;
of those respective islands are controlled,
ami do not vouchsafe to them the right
to govern themselves, then this nation
must assume the responsibility of gov
erning them. This carries with it the ne- i
cessity 01 civilizing them, of protecting ;
them against internecine strife, provid
ing for their maintenance against the
greed and rapacity of predatory political
adventurers, commercial cormorants and
conscienceless land grabbers, and lastly,
of educating and christianizing them. :
Does this nation want to assume such a
burden of responsibility in the face of the
fact that there are now within the'bor
ders of the Union hundred.- of thousands
of men and women who are more in need
of the aid of advance civilisation to fit !
them as citizens of a christianized na-
Uon than are those islanders, judged from
a standpoint of legal and moral recti- i
tude? Should, this Government annex Ha
wail by seizure or otherwise, and make
conquest of the Philippines and Porto
Rico, would we, by our treatment of the ;
natives, add to the odium we have
brought upon ourselves as a nation by
.our policy toward the American Indians'"
One would scarcely think so: and yet it is
painfully apparent that in all the talk
new rife about these islands becoming
the property of or a part of the Uriited
States there is no expressed consldera- i
tion for the welfare and advancement of !
the natives. It is all for expansion of i
trade, extending commercial and t.rrito- I
rial empire, and enlarging and strength
ening our defenses against encroachment
by any of our ambitious neighbors of the
Eastern hemisphere. In a word, the
animus is selfish greed, which is greatly
to be deprecated and deplored, seeing :
that we are professedly a Christian na
tion. The question that should be up- ;
permost with us in this matter is. Do the ;
natives of these islands want to come
under the government of the United
States? JOHN AUBREY JONES.
Frultvale, Oal.. June 10.
JUDGE MAGUIRE'S LETTER.
Even His Friends Think He'd Better
Keep Out of Print.
Excited by the general hareh tone of j
the press criticisms upon his celebrated j
"piracy" remarks anent the Government |
seizing Spanish ships conveying supplies |
to the enemy, Hon. James G. Maguire |
: flew into print in last Sunday's Call, and I
we're of the opinion that when he cooled j
off he was sorry he allowed his anger to '
run away with his judgment. The Call ;
answered his letter on Monday, and we :
advise our readers to endeavor to read
both productions. Here is an extract from !
The Call's answer:
"Judge Maguire's letter in its manner is I
an index to his intellectual methods and ;
I his mental stature. He conceives that
I we hold him up to be seen by himself be- |
cause he "was born on a farm." We con- i
fess the infelicity of not knowing that he ''
was born on a farm, but we admit It since
Ihe takes pains to advertise it. He has ;
j been so constantly an office-seeker and
office-holder that it was natural to sup
pose that he was not born at all, but just
nominated for an office and raised on a
salary."— Hollister Free Lance.
We believe that It was Martin Van
Buren who gave a friend the advice,
"Walk forty miles rather than write a
letter. The epistolary art may have
advanced to a point that letter-writing is
less dangerous than it was thought to be
by Van Buren. Still, there is good sense
in the advice, and we commend it to the
consideration of Congressman Maguire,
who has recently written a three-column
letter to the San Francisco Call. He
should not have done so. Nearly every
public man Is misrepresented and ma
ligned by the journals published by hia
political opponents. It should not be so,
but that it is true is unquestionable". If
Congressman Maguire Qnda any satisfac
tion in his reply to The Call, we are free
to say we do not think his friends will.
Congressman Maguire will find It a wise
policy to satisfy his friends and ignore
his journalistic enemies. His friends are
satisfied, but if the Congressman's dis
position to write letters is not checked
we are uncertain how long they will con
tinue in that mind.— Vacaville Reporter.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The Almirante O'Higgins, armored
cruiser built for Chile by the Armstrong
Company at Elswick, completed her trials
April 20. She made a continuous run
of twenty-four hours under three-fifths
boiler power and developed 10,600 horse
power. Six runs over the measured mile
course gave an average speed of 21.7
knots, a little less than anticipated. The
O'Higgins is of 8500 tons displacement, 411
feet 9 inches in length, 62 feet 6 inches
beam, and her engines will develop 16,000
horse power. She carries an armament of
four 8-inch quick-firers, ten 6-inch, four
4.7 -inch, ten 12-pounders, ten 6-pounders
and four machine guns, all quick firers.
The Kiangnaw arsenal on the Woosung
River, throe miles above Shanghai, em
ploys 2500 men in the manufacture of guns
and projectiles under the management of
three Englishmen. Several 12-inch guns
have been turned out. besides a large
number of smaller caliber, and are said
to be equal to work done in Europe and
the United States. The arsenal has also
a small dry dock, 300 feet in length, and a
railway connects the arsenal with the
proving grounds at Whangpoo. The loco
motive hauling the guns out for testing
was built by Chinese mechanics six years
ago, and Is doing all that was expected
from it.
A new dry dock was opened at the dock
yard at Sebastopol May 18.
The British cruiser Terrible is under or
ders to make a run from Portsmouth to
Gibraltar under 10,000 horse power. She
is expected to make the run of 1160 milea
in sixty-eight hours. After a stay of
twenty-four hours at Gibraltar she is to
return to Portsmouth under 15,000 horse
power and make the run in sixty-two
hours.
A battle-ship was launched at Bt. Pe
tersburg May 18 in the presence of the
Czar and Czarina, and the keelplates of
the armored cruiser Gromoboi of 12.336
tons and that of a small cruiser were
laid. ,
In the recent competition for armor
contracts for the Russian battle-ships
Peresviet and Oslabia, the Carnegie Com
pany at Pittsburg fairly outbid European
competitors. The bids per ton were in
order as follows from the several
countries: England — Vickers. $583 %;
John Brown, $569 38. France — St.
Chamonds, $490 and $569: Chatillon, $486 to
$o3G 50; Marrel Freree, $530 70 and $382 for
thick and thin plates. Germany— Krupp,
$stj2 50; Dillingen, $559 30; Witkowitz, thin
plates, $152 20. United States— Carnegie,
$530 45. The Russian Government prof
fered the contract to the last firm if it
would accept it at $500 per ton, and the
offer was accepted. This incident dis
closes the fact that there ia to all ap
pearance no combination between Euro
pean armor manufacturers, but that the
American success may lead to such a
combination In order to shut out competi
tion from this country. It is also evident
that European armor manufacturers ex
act greater profits from their plant or
else that owing to better system Carne
gie is enabled to overcome the difference
in wages paid. The most satisfactory evi
dence is that our navy is getting its ar
mor at 80 per cent of the cost paid by
Russia, as the contract just awarded to
Carnegie and Bethlehem allows only $400
per ton for three battle-ships, whereaa
Russia pays $500.
The San Martino, armored cruiser built
by Orlando Brothers, Leghorn. Italy, for
the Argentine Republic, has just had her
trial under natural draught and made a
speed of IS knots. She is a sister ship
to the Spanish armored cruiser Cristobal
Colon, and to the Garibaldi in the Argen
tine navy, of 6540 tons, 13,000 horse power
and a speed under forced draught of 20
knots. Her armament has been changed
from two 10-inch to four 8-inch quick
firers. and she will also carry ten 6-inch,
six 4.7-inch, ten 2.2-inch, ten 1.4-inch and
two machine guns. All the guns are
quick Tiring.
The Austrian naval programme pro
vides for fifteen battle-ships, seven sec
ond-class cruisers, seven third-class cruis
ers, fifcon torpedo avisos and ninety tor
pedo boat destroyers and torpedo boats.
An annual expenditure of $27,000,000 up to
1909 is asked for, but Austrian finances
are not in a healthy condition, and the
ambitious naval programme will not ma
terialize.
Cai. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Genuine eyeglasses, specs,ls to 40c. 65 4th.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The Duchess d'Uzes has passed a suc
cessful examination in France as a
driver of automotors. She took her ex
aminers, who were a state engineer and
two experts appointed by the Prefect of
Police, on her car through the Bols de
Boulogne and around Paris. She drove
at the regulation maximum of speed,
which is sixteen kilometers, or about ten
miles, an hour. According to those who
are supposed to know, automobilism is
now fast supplanting the bicycle craze in
France.
The Santa Fe Route sells cut rate tickets to
all points East. St. Paul, $21; Kansas City,
$31; Chicago. $32 50; New York and Boston,
$42 55. Get full particulars at No. 644 Market st.
It is a fact that the English soldiers use Dr.
Staceiffl Angostura Bitters as a preventatlv*
of all troubles of the digestive organs.
ACKER' S ENGLISH REMEDY IS BEYOND
question the greatest of all modern remedies.
It will cure a cough or cold immediately or
money back. At No Percentage Pharmacy.
Speaking of his name General Fitzhugh
Lee said not long ago: "It has been a
heavy load. I have had the reputation
of a lot of ancestors as well as my own
to look after. Whatever good 1 have
done has been credited to them, and what
ever evil has been charged to me and
magnified, because people said they had
a right to expect much better things of
a man of my blood and breeding. When
I was running for Governor of Virginia
John AVise said that if my name had been
Fitzhugh Smith I never would have se
cured the nomination. I replied that I
had known many good men named Smith,
and would have been as proud of that
name as of the one I wore. In that way
I got the votes of the Smiths in Vir
ginia, and a letter from a man who told
me 'never to forget John Smith, our first
settler, who killed Pocahontas.' "
AMUSEMENTS. -
The Royal is the highest grade baking powder
known. Actual tests show it goes one-
third further than may other brand.
. $4
*AKIHO
POWDER
Absolutely Pure
> _^___»ovm. BAicmq i»owoew co., wew yobk.HORSE FEED
COMES HIGH
Supervisors Receive Bids
for Hay.
AN EXTENSION OF TIME
SHEPARDS EMPLOYMENT OF
FICE LICENSE REVOKED.
A Short Session Owing to Lack of
Advertising — Street Improve
ments Considered and
Acted Upon.
At yesterday's meeting of the Board
of Supervisors thfre was little time spen*
over business, for the proceedings of the
previous meeting hud not been advertised
long enough to allow the Supervisors to
it« upon them, and so what was
flon« wan confined to a few routine mat
tors.
A certificate for a deed to Potrero block
I Issued, conveying to the
Ryland estate and the San Francisco and
Fresno Land Company the block In ques
tion.
The Police Department was allowed the
use of a lot in the block bounded by
Fifth, Xli g ;'iid Townsend streets
•■ station.
Water Company was
Bted to have the mains laid on Con
ut street not less than eight inches
:ietrr.
Sixty days' extension of time wasgrant
• y Street Improvement
pany on its contru'-t from Second toFlfth
streets and sixty days on the com;.
Btanyan street from Oak to Fred
erick, and fourteen from Guerrero street
to Do 1
Bi resolution of Laokmann the license to
W. A. Shcpard to conduct an employment
was rescinded. He !s the one of
whom the Labor Commissioner com
plained.
fanls for feed for the horses cf the Fire
.'-tmer.'s wore submitted,
the lowest being as follows:
Scott ft M For hay, mixed wheat
' ■ ir hay, $19 r>2 per
ton; wheat ha) , (22 IS per ton; tule hay,
H ,i i" r ton; si ra ■■> - per bale;
middlings, $1 42 per cental; ground barley,
tl 56 per cental; cam ■ tits per lnui
.ired weight I. Keefe— Feed oats. 1182
per cental. Pet ire- Alfalfa hay,
bius were referred to the
prop- :
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work of
the Board.
The following is a complete record of
the street improvements that passed the
Board of Supervisors at yesterday's ses
sion:
AWARD OF CONTRACTS RECONSIDERED.
Halght, Ashbury to Shrader Pacific Paving
Company, contract to pave Is repealed In
favor of property owners.
RECOMMENDED PASSED to resolution
. • ordering.
Brosnon, Valencia to Guerrero — Bitumen.
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION.
Page, Baker to Lyon — and paving.
■ From an Indicated point on the easterly line
of Isis, distant 80 feet north of Thirteenth and
thence southerly alon. easterly line of Isla
for a distance of SO feet— Sidewalks.
Thirteenth and Isis easterly along northerly
line of Thirteenth for a distance of 50 feet —
Same.
Dearborn Place, Seventeenth to southerly
■aterminatlon of formor— Curbing and paving.
" Fourteenth, Church to Sanchez — Curbing and
paving.
Southwesterly line of First, "6 feet southeast
erly from Tehama and thence along south
westerly line of First for a distance of 80 feet
— Same.
Northwesterly line of Clementina, one hun
dred and fifty feet southwesterly from First,
and thence southwesterly along northwesterly
line of Clementina for a distance of one hun
dred and fifty feet— Same.
Northeasterly line of New Montgomery,
eighty feet southeasterly from Mission, and
thence southeasterly along northeasterly line or
New Montgomery for a distance of eighty feet
— Same.
Bryant. Twenty-fifth to Twenty-sixth— Curbs
'and paving.
RECOMMENDED TIT SUPERINTENDENT
OF STREETS.
Jones, Jackson to Pacific — Pipe sewers, etc.,
to connect with mains in Pacific street.
RESOLUTION OF FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Guerrero, Fifteenth to — Bitumen.
Belvedere, Frederick to Waller —
Taylor and Green — Same.
Waller and Central avenue — Same.
RECOMMENDED FOR FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Rincon Place, Harrison to Bryant ßasalt
and bitumen.
WILL GLORIFY THE FOURTH.
JOHN J, BARRETT, Who Has Been Chosen Orator of
the Dau bu the Fourth of Julu Committee.
At a meeting of the literary committee of the Fourth of July committee
yesterday afternoon John J. Barrett was unanimously chosen as orator of
the day. The arrangements for the literary exercises have not as yet been
entirely completed, but no trouble will be scared to make thf-m exceed even
the successful entertainment given last year. It Is probable that Metro
politan Temple will be selected, although there is some doubt as to whether
it Is large enough, ;ih last year hundreds were turned away. Mr. Barrett is
a rising your.g lawyer, and ha* already addressed several large public
meetings in this city and vicinity.
The general committee has now got down to hard, active work, and If It Is
enabled to carry out half its plans this Fourth will be a memorable one.
One of the most successful events last year was the regatta, and Grattan
Phillips, chairman of the regatta committee, Is already among the rowing
dubs and Whitehall boatmen to arrange for a day's sport on the bay which
will totally eclipse any previous efforts made in this direction. The general
committee la still considering the advisability of opening a subscription
list, but many of the members prefer Beelng the celebration carried out on
the $3000 donated by the Board of Supervisors.
Lombard. Broderlck to Bitumen. .
Lombard and Baker— Same.
Lombard. Devlsadero to •Broderlck— Same.
Lombard, Scott to Devisadero— Same.
Clayton, Waller to Frederick— Same.
RESOLUTION OP CONDITIONAL ACCEPT
ANCE.'
Ivy avenue, Laguna to Buchanan— Bitumen.
RECOMMENDED FOR CONDITIONAL AC
-- CEPTANCE.
Linden avenue. Franklin to Bitumen.
ORDER CHANGING AND ESTABLISHING
GRADES.
Berkshire, from northerly line of westerly
termination, titty-four feet westerly from
Burnslde venue— Raising and lowering to the
official line.
Berkshire, from southerly line at westerly
termination, sixty-four feet westerly from
Burnside— Same.
Berkshire, from westerly termination to
Burnslde avenue — Same.
Stark, ii:ty-tive feet . easterly from Stockton
— Sitne,
Stark, one hundred and seventy-one feet ten
and one-half inches easterly from Stockton-
Same,
Stark, Stockton to easterly termination-
Same.
PROPOSALS ORDERED READVERTISED.
Wlllard and Golden Gate avenue— For con
struction of storm water inlets.
PRIVATE CONTRACTS.
Castro. Twenty-sixth to Army— Property
owners may construct sewer.
Jones, Jackson to Property owners
may pave.
Leavenwortb, Green to Union— Property own
ers may pave with both basalt blocks and bi
tumen.
Crescent avenue. Andover to a point two
hundred feet westerly from South avenue—
Property owners may construct sewer.
Chenery, P.andall to Castro— Same may grade, j
Haicht. Ashbury to Clayton— Property own- j
ers may pave
Haight, Clayton to Cole— Same.
Haight, Cole to Shrader— Same.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME GRANTED.
Market, easterly line of Second to same on
Fifth— To City Street Improvement Company,
sixty days on paving.
Btanyan, Oak to Frederick— Same.
Fourteenth, Guerrero to Dolores — Same.
Fifteenth avenue south. Railroad avenue to
N street south— To- M. C. Hogan. ninety days
on grading, etc.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Fourteenth avenue, H to I— Albert Meyer, for
grading, sewering, etc-.
Hyde, Beach to Jefferson — Property owners,
for removal of obstruction.
Elsie. Cortland to Holly Park avenues—Quin
by & Harrelson, for appeal from assessment
for the cost of grading, etc.
Market. California and Drumm streets—
chants, for removal of an old foundation.
BernaJ Park— Property owners, fur grading.
Lower Terrace. Pluto street to Serpentine
Place—Daniel O'Day, for up. extension of sixty
days on his contract to grade.
Serpentine Place, Lower Terrace to Temple
street— Same.
On streets intersecting the Treadwell estate —
Property owners, for a modification of street
grading.
Height, Ashbury to Clayton— Pacific Paving
Company, for paving.
Haight, Clayton to Cole— Same.
llaight. Cole to Shrader— Same.
Spruce, Sacramento to California— Property
owners, for sidewalks.
Lyon, near Lombard— Emtlie Welsenborn. for
removal of «h-'d.
Serpentine Place, Temple to Lower Terrace
—Fred Leffler, for extension of ninety days
on sewering.
Page, Broderlck to Baker— Fllnn & Treacey,
for paving.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET
LIGHTS COMMITTEE.
Hoffman avenue and Alvarado street —
erty owners, for the erection of .-trie lights.
Twenty-first and Douglass— Same.
Twenty-third and View avenue— Same,
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Army. Noe to Castro— J. Gordan, against
gracing, etc.
Bosworth, Mission to Rotteck— Same.
Stark to Broadway— Timothy Hopkins con
sents to grant the rif:ht of way for construc
tion of sewer.
Fifteenth avenue south. P to Q south — John
McDonoUgh, a;;ain=t paving.
REPORT OF STREET COMKTTTEJffI ON
MATTERS SUBMITTED AT PRE
VIOUS SESSION.
Height, Ashbury to Shradei — In favor of
•■■ owners permission to pav<»
by private contract, omitting the construction
i alks
Bryant, Twenty-sixth to Army— ln favor of
proceeding with "work of grading and sewer
ing under the present contract.
•]i, Ripley to Crescent avenue— In favor
■rrintf piading and sewering to superin
tendent of streets.
Union and St. '!ner— Against paving.
Eleventh avenue, L to M— ln favor of grad
! laving.
Eleventh avenue, north line of X to south
line of It— Property owners may grade, pave,
etc.
Eighth av»nue, J to K— ln favor of grad
inc nincnd.-imizing. etc.
i hattanooga. Twenty-fourth to Jersey —
Against plank sidewalks.
Dorlana. Dplores to <;iifrr»?ro-Samo.
District bound*-. I by Cortland, Crescent. San
Bruno and Andover avenues — In favor of the
establishment of a sewerage system.
Fifteenth avenue south, Railroad avenue
south to N street south—ln favor of extension
of ninety days on M. C. Hogan's contract to
pave.
Cnenery, Randall to Castro — Property owners
may grade, etc.
Leaven worth. Green to Union— Property own
ers may pave with basalt blocks and bitu
minous rock.
Jones street, Jackson to Pacific— Property
owners may pave.
Castro, Twt>nty-slxth to Army — In favor of
construction of sewer by private contract.
ht. Ashbury to Clayton— Same.
ht. Clayton to Cole, intruding crossing
of Same.
Kugor.la avenue and Andover— Against pro
impruvements for a period of six
months.
Mariposa, Minnesota to Indiana— ln favor of
r,g present sidewalk.
Minnesota, Eighteenth to Mariposa — Same.
pt;;rk. easterly from Stockton — In favor of
establishing grades.
I ••■ L.iiß avenue and Frederick— ln favor of
paving.
Dolores, Twenty-fourth to Twenty-fifth—
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 14, 1898.
Against sidewalks for a period of six months.
Orr-s'.'ent avenue, Andover avenue to a point
two hundred feet west of South avenue — Prop
erty owners may construct sewers.
Greenwich, Mason to Taylor — Against aide
walks.
Jersey, r>olores to Church— Against construc
tion of sidewalks.
Berkshire— ln favor of establishing gTades.
Kent, Ma.=on westerly to conform to present
Improvements— Same.
Eighth av.-nue, Point Lobos avenue to A
street— Enjrineur maintains that sewerage sys
tem cannot be altered without a complete
change.
A, Fifth to Eighth avenues— Same.
Gree:i and Hyde— ln favor of wooden side
walks.
AMONG THE PUGILISTS.
Judson Gibbs Arranging for a Trip
to Alaska — Tom O'Rourke Will
Settle Hero.
The Alpine Club will give an entertain
ment this evening at 28 Golden Gate ave
nue. t
Tom O'Rourke may return to this city
at an early date, as business pugillstically
speaking, is dead in New York.
The second exhibition of the California
Athletic and Swimming Club will be held
on Thursday b.t Franklin Hall. The main
event will be an eight-round "go" be
tween Eugene Mulllg.in and Jack Gran
field. Mulligan recently fought a six
rmind draw with Charles Kochette and
Jack Granlleld secured a disputed deci
sion over Mulligan. There will also be a
four-round "go" between "Kid" Maynard
and Young Chase; also a six-round "go"
between Jlmmie Rlley and Charles Johns-
ton.
Judson Glbbs, one of the managers of
the National Athletic Club, will leave in
a few days for Dawson City on a business
tour. He will be Joined by some of the
business men of this city.
Jimmy Carroll, the retired light-weight
pugilist, has written from Lake Bennett
to Billy Jordan a long letter descriptive
of the country. Carroll eavs tnat he has
millions in sight and "if all goes well he
will return with sacks of the golden
treasure." The pugilist says that people
of a venturesome disposition perish daily
in the attempt to cross the lake and that
he has had one or two close shaves him
self.
SALTER D. WORDEN
WILL NOT HANG
MEDICAL EXPERTS REPORT
THAT HE IS INSANE.
Governor Budd Says He Will Accept
the Report of Scientists and
Conirnute the Sentence.
The commission appointed by Governor
Budd to investigate the mental condition
of Salter D. Worden has found after an
examination of the evidence that Worden
baa an Inherited predisposition to insan
ity and that he comes from what doc
tors call neuropathic stock. Governor
liudd says he will commute the prisoner's
sentence to life imprisonment.
The commission having duly considered
the manifest intelligence, high standing
and sincerity of the persons from whom
the above evidence has been obtained, ac
cepta these statements as true and holds
that the legitimate conclusion is that
Worden was insane and irresponsible
when the crime of which he has been
convicted was committed.
The report ends as follows: "Your com
mission would recommend, in view of the i
fort going evidence, and the conclusions
ed therefrom, that the sentence of j
de.ith should be commuted to that of
imprisonment for life; and further, that
owing to the dangerous form of insanity I
from which Salter D. Worden is surfer
ing, the welfare of society in general and
the welfare of this diseased and unfor- ;
tunate individual demands that he should
be continuously imprisoned during the re
maining years of his life.
"ASA CLARK.
"Medical Superintendent Stockton State
Hosoital.
"F. W. HATCH,
"General Superintendent California
State Hospitals.
"A. M. GARDNER.
"Medical Superintendent Napa State
Hospital."
"I shall probably act favorably upon .
the report thru has been filed in regard to
the mental condition of Salter Worden," \
said Governor Budd yesterday afternoon,
"and any further than that I shall not
discuss the matter to-day."
The report saves the life of the train
wrecker. It says in substance that Wor
den's mental condition is such that it
would be un.iust to execute the death pen
alty, and therefore life imprisonment is
recommended.
Dr. Gardner of the Xapa Insane
Asylum, who recently returned from the
East, collected a mass of evidence in the
shape of letters and affidavits from the
relatives and acquaintances of Worden
living in Syracuse, N. V., his former
home, and immediate vicinity. This evi
dence he turned over to Dr. Clark of the
Stockton Asylum, and Dr. Hatch. State
Commissioner of Lunacy and general su
perintendent of the State hospitals, and
the report saving Worden's neck was the
result.
THRISTIANS AND MISSIONARIES
The Alliance Is Holding Interesting
Sessions at the U. P. Church.
Tfie sessions of the Christian and Mis
sionary Alliance held at the United Pres
byterian Church, at the corner of Golden
Gate -avenue and Polk street, yesterday
were well attended, and interesting ad
dresses were delivered by different dele
gates.
The principal address at the meeting
held in the morning was by Rev. A. D.
Simpson of New Tork, who spoke from
the subject, "The Faith of Abraham."
Dr. Simpson Is the president of the alli
ance, and the close attention paid his ad
dress proved the love his hearers bear
toward him.
In the evening Rev. Mr. Simpson was
again called upon for a sermon and took
for his subject, "The Second Coming of
the Lord." He spoke of the second com
ing of God as applied to the foreign mis
sionary work. Rev. D. W. le Laehour,
the superintendent of the alliance mis
sionaries in China, followed Dr. Simpson,
speaking In the same line. lie called the
attention of the congregation to the great
field open for missionaries In the Philip
pine Islands, which have hitherto been
closed to Christian workers. At the con
clusion of his discourse volunteers were
called for who were willing to go to Ma
nila and engage In the missionary work,
and a number signified tfieir intention of
offering their services.
LOST HIS HANDCUFFS
Policeman Murphy Has an Exciting
Encounter With Two Soldiers.
Officer Dave Murphy had a lively ex
perience with two Boldiers last night. The
boys in blue engaged in an altercation
with a bootblack who has a stand at
Stockton and Sutter streets, and when
Murphy attempted to quiet them, one of
them drew a bowie knife and made a
lunge at him. The policeman quickly
drew his club and knocked the soldier
out. The latter's companion also at
tempted to stab Murphy, but was pre
vented by the vigorous use of the club
in the officer's hand. Murphy then start
ed to handcuff the men intending to take
them to the City Prison. Scarcely had
he placed a cuff on the wrist of one of the
soldiers when the other struck him, almost
knocking him down.
Murphy requested a citizen who was
standing by to run to the nearest patrol
box and send in a call for the wagon.
The citizen laughed at his request, and
severely criticized the officer for arrest
ing the soldiers. Just then the two men
Jumped to their feet and ran down~Stock
ton street, taking with them the hand
cuffs of the policeman. They, however,
dropped their knives, which Murphy
picked up, and subsequently turned them
over to Lieutenant Birdsall of the Cen
tral Station.
Two Inquests.
OAKLAND. June 13.— Coroner Baldwin
held two inquests to-night. The remains
found in the bay last night were identified
to-day as those of Edwin Boyle, who was
drowned at El Campo over a week ago.
A verdict was found that he came to his
death while bathing.
The verdict in the case of Mary Frances
Kevil. the sixteen-year-old child-mother,
was that she died from strychnine poison
ing administered by her own hand.
A Surprise forthe Ladies.
Next Saturday Mrs. S. B. Hall, the
leading milliner, 93S Market, will have a
surprise for the fair sex. Everybody be
on the lookout. •
WELCOMED
THE FRAWLEYS
"Number Nine" Creates
a Furor.
A NEW FARCICAL PLAY
LEWIS MORRISON IN "A CELE
BRATED CASE.
"Under the Polar Star" at the Grand.
Other Attractions That
Are Crowding the
Theaters.
A splendid house that overflowed into
the foyer, scores of people turned away
and a genuine ovation that lasted several
moments after his first entrance, was the
reception accorded T. Daniel Frawley
upon his reappearance with hi 3 new
company at the Columbia last night. It
certainly repaid Mr. Frawley for all the
enterprise, hard work and talent he has
devoted to the entertainment of the peo
ple of this city. The first nighters were
there in full force and were appreciative
enough to satisfy the most exacting
management.
Mr. Frawley introduced his new sup
port in a farcical play in three acts, from
the German of Oscar Blumenthal and
Gustav Kadelberg, entitled "Number
Nine, or the Lady of Ostend." The scene
is laid in a private house in London.
The plot turns upon the miseries caused
by the enterprise of animatoscope fiends
at Ostend, who succeed, through the ef
forts of a pretty and designing young
woman. In getting a rendezvous with
Richard Whortle.s (Edward M. Bell) and
"Ted" Blake (Mr. Frawley) in painfully
embarrassing situations. They are shown |
in the "living' pictures" at London and
Berlin, in love-muking scenes on the
beach at Ostend, and their efforts to es
cape the consequences uf their acts are
extremely ludicrous.
Mr. Bell, known as "Hoodoo Dick," a ■
young married man prone to late hours, !
escapades and invariable detection, fol- j
lowed by deep penitence, presents a piece ]
of very capable and highly enjoyable act
ing. Mr. Frawley's part is well suited to
him, being that of a handsome, young
and impulsive Irishman, who can fall in
love at the legist provocation and whoso '
boast is that he has a "castle in County
Clare, in which the nobility once stop- j
ped, when there were kings in Ireland." I
His handling <>( the slight brogue he
uses was a work of real art, and his de
velopment of the character such as could
well be expected from him. It is one I
bubbling with fun and genuine wit and
humor, that was duly appreciated.
Miss Madeline Boughton, as Dorothy
Whortles. the suspicious and jealous I
young wife, made a very favorable im
pression, particularly in the first and sec
mi.i acts. Miss EleaJnor Carey's character
of the trouble-creating mother-in-law was
excellent, and the same may be said of
the part of Samuel Edwards as Joseph
Carboy, the gay old father-in-law with I
an abiding taste for night larks with any
body but his wife present. His comedy i
is genuine and of the taking kind. Miss I
Fanchon Campbell is a dainty and pretty
member of the company and will doubt
less make many friends.
One of the best make-ups that have
been seen here for a long time is that of
Theodore Roberts as a typical British
bruiser, rounder and ex-champion "every
thing." In figure, voice and action he fit
ted the part to perfection.
Mr. Frawlev has certainly used good
judgment In the selection of his support,
and theater-goers can confidently look
forward to dramatic treats during the
company's season. Aside from some ex
cusable nervousness on the part of the
strangers, everything went nicely. The
settings were very pretty nnd natural and
were brightened by the wealth of flowers
that went over the footlights.
The play goes during the week.
At the Orpheum.
The attendance at the Orpheum last
evening- was good and the entertainment
was satisfactory to the audience. One of
the new attractions is Miss Fannle "Went
worth, recently from England. In fact,
it was her first appearance on this conti
nent, and her efforts as a vocalist and
pianist were warmly greeted. Wli^n
Ezra Kendall appeared the reception he
received showed that he was a well
known favorite with the people. The Sa
Vans received a cordial welcome after
their trip to the southern part of the
State. Carlin and Clark, German come
dinns. just from New York, caused con
siderable amusement in their specialties.
Next week the Orpheum promises a num
ber of new attractions that will be well
worth seeing.
The Tivoll.
The attendance at the opening night of
"An American Hero" at the Tlvoli proved
that the management made no mistake
when they decided to run the play for an
other week. The opera Improves upon
acquaintance, the third act especially go
ing off with added eclat. Edwin Stevens'
Father Bernard transformed into the Si
cilian Count is sidesplitting, and when he
does the waltz In the approved South
Park style the house is convulsed. Th>
opera will run during the remainder of
the week. "All Baba" is in preparation.
Grand Opera-House.
"Under the Polar Star" was the at
traction at the Grand Opera-house last
night. It was an elaborate scenic pro
duction and more than pleased the big
audience that witnessed it. There were
several recalls during: the evening and the
play was so well received that "standing
ropm only" should be the notice during
the remainder of the week.
Max Yon Mitzel as Silas Rodman, pro
jector and patron of the Rodman Arctic
research expedition, and George P. Web
ster as Dr. Achille Rabon, the scientist of
the expedition, were particularly good,
while Fred J. Butler as Alexas. the Si
berian guide and hunter, won the hearts
of many in the audience. Maud Edna
Hall and Landers Stevens sustained their
roles well and the remainder of the cast
was acceptable. "Under the Polar Star"
was well mounted and staged and was
under the direction of H. Percy Meldon.
At the Alcazar.
"A Celebrated Case" has apparently
lost none of its attraction, as the Alcazar
was crowded last night at Its' initial pro
duction by Mr. Lewis Morrison and Miss
Florence Roberts, assisted by the stock
company. The performance was an even
one throughout and the different char
acters were ably sustained. As Lazure In
the prologue and Count de Mornay in the
play Mr. Morrison showed an excellence
of contrast between the coarse and brutal
murderer and the polished villain that
wa.s marked and striking. Miss Roberts
made a most favorable Impression as
Adrlenne and at the end of the second act
of the play received a curtain call and
two splendid floral pieces. Miss Gertrude
Foster as Madeline Renaud and Valen
tine de Mornay had an opportunity of dis
tinguishing herself and she did not
neglect it. She was particularly effective
in the third act of the play when sn« dis
covers the identity of the necklace.
Wright Huntinyton did well as Jean
Renaud, the gallant soldier and galley
slave, but in his excitement at the close
of the play he made a faux pas by using
the word "wife" instead of "daughter,"
which caused a ripple of laughter. Wal
lace Shaw made a hit as the Irish ser
geant, and Mrs. iiates, Mrs. Adele Clark,
Clarence Montalne and Frank Denithorne
sustained their parts creditably. Little
Hazel Purdy deserves a word of praise.
The play was well mounted.
At the Chutes.
Henri Maurice Cannon, the corpulent
Swiss who boasts of an eight-foot waist
and a 38-lnch calf, is creating a sensation
at the Chutes. His receptions every af
ternoon and evening are attended by hun
dreds Interested in obesity and on Sunday
ever 7000 people visited the Ilaight-street
grounds. In the free theater little Minnie
Berlin, a wonderful child bawtone;
Charles and May Stanley In "Mrs.
O'Grndy's Wash Day"; Joseph Bovino,
contortionist, and other vaudevillians pre
sent a varied programme. The Animato
scope shows an interesting picture of Mr.
Cannon perambulating around the Chute
grounds and there are a number of new
animals in the zoo.
MYSTERY OF A SUICIDE.
Frank McCabe Ends His Life for No
Apparent Reason.
Frank McCabe of the firm of R. F. Mc-
Cabe, pmoto-engravers, took a dose of cy
anide of potassium at about 9 o'clock last
night and died a few hours later.
McCabo was only 21 years of age, and
his friends are at a loss to know what
motive impelled him to take his uwn life.
He was married about a year ag"o, was
the possessor of a comfortable home and
a partner in a good business. His father
has noticed that he has been acting
strangely for borne time past, but never
imagined that he intended committing
suicide or had any serious trouble. Last
night his wife hoard him groaning in his
room and found him writhing in the ag
onies of death. Df. Coffey was immedi
ately called in and did all in his power to
alleviate the man's suffering, but the
deadly drug had already done its work
too well.
A FATAL MIDNIGHT
COLLISION
AN ELECTRIC CAR DEMOLISHES
A DIRT WAGON.
Three Passengers of the Car and the
Driver of the Wagon
Injured.
A disastrous smashup occurred at 11
o"clock last night at Fourth and Ken
tucky streets between an electric car and
a dirt wagon. Car 113(5 of the Potrero
line was rapidly approaching the city
filled with passengers in charge of Motor
man B. Jacobs and Conductor Deegan,
and when near the corner of Fourth Ja
cobs saw a heavy dirt wagon, driven by
John Johnson of 223 Perry street, on the
track ahead. The motorman gave an
alarm on his bell, but Johnson did not
heed it. It was impossible to stop the car
to avoid a collision, although the brakes
were appli-d, and the front portion of the
car collided with the wagon, hurling its
driver cm his head and completely de
molishing the vehicle. Three passengers
in the front seats of the car were thrown
heavily to the ground and received nu
merous bruises. Jacobs' escape from in
jury was almost miraculous, lie stood at
hi.s post and, although suffering a heavy
shock, Wits able to continue his trip.
Some time was spent In removing the
wrecked wagon from the track and dis
lodging wood from beneath the car be
fore it could be moved.
Officer J. Reagan was in the vicinity
when the accident occurred and hurried
to the spot. He found Johnson in an un
cnsi'lous condition, bleeding profusely
from numerous wounds and bruises. He
and the three injured passengers were
sent to the Receiving Hospital.
Dr. Frank T. Fitzgibbons found that
Johnson had sustained a fractured skull,
a concussion of the brain and possibly in
ternal injuries. Seraphine vergnet, a
cook living at 711 California street, was
also severely injured. It was found that
he had received a concussion of thu brain
and possible internal injuries. His com
panion. Etnile Rossino, had his back
sprained, and David Hanley, a ship fitter
living at 533 Illinois street, suffered a
sprained leg.
Johnson was on his way to the dumping
ground with a heavy load of dirt when he
was injured.
Other passengers were well shaken by
the impact, but not injnred. The car
was badly wrecked and on the return Mp
was taken to the car house.
It is feared that Johnson will die and
but little hope is expressed by Dr. Fitz
gibbon for \ ergnet.
EARNINGS OF THE
STREET RAILROADS
PARTIAL STATEMENT BY THE
BIG COMBINATION.
The City Given Two Per Cent of Over
Half a Million Dollars From the
Smaller Roads.
The Market-street Railway Company
has submitted to the Board of Supervis
ors a statement of the gross earnings of
those roads which, under its franchisees,
must pay 2 per cent of such receipts to
the city. The statement is as follows:
On Sonoma and Nebraska streets and San
Bruno road, $2,256 56.
On Ellis street road from Leavenworth to
Market, $22.7U7 54.
On Jackson street horse car from Montgomery
to Kearny In 1596, |G36 50; in 1597, $399.
On Broadway from East to Kearny, $29,771 69
On Sacramento from Walnut to and along
Ijfike and Sixth avenue to D street, JIS.S77 S"
On Eddy frum Market to Devisadero $40
7R7 C 4. * "
( in Fulton or D from Seventh avenue to Nine
teenth avenue; in 1896, $15 85; in 1897, $168 35.
On Carl street. First avenue, I street and
Ninth avenue, $2,739 18.
On Hyde and O'Farrell from Ellis to Scott-
In 1896, $32, 309 C"; In 1897, $3.256 01.
On Masi.n from Turk to Eddy; In 1596, $1590 33-
In 18W. (OSS 68.
On Page from Masonic avenue to Stanyan
■treat: In 1896, 1T678 19; in 1897. $11,853 79.
On Page, Masonic avenue and Frederick,
$U.1.-.R 96.
On Kentucky and Railroad avenue, $70,383 11.
On Solano from Kentucky to Sixteenth, $17,
456 70.
On Sixteenth and Fillmore, $110,171.
On Devisadero from Page to Jackson, $70,
316 99.
On Twenty-second and Twenty-fourth from
Mifslon to Huffman avenue. $26,390 50.
Total press receipts. $512. 7*5 14; 2 per cent of
such gross receipts, $10,255 70.
On the other roads of the system the |
company pays nothing.
The Market-street Railway Company I
has petitioned the Supervisors for per- |
mission to lay and maintain for fifty ;
years a single or double track commenc- j
ing on Mission and Bosworth streets and
connecting with the existing tracks on
Mission; thence along Bosworth to Lyell,
then westerly to Berkshire and to the
westerly end of that street.
/ ADVERTISEMENTS.
xXW^W^/y^//' A SOLDIER
\^^tw^V CURED !
--/ -/''Lf^a^^^^^fe^^^^t^^" 2^" Electric^ l\e*lts/' for Rheumatism!
/I _^(5a SSißjSiiSJi i£&wL^&/33mM^~'~1^ : ~*~~" disappeared ar.i! I ha\e not been
/'/y a] wsi EflB Sa**^S^M^Rffi. w - troubled with any pain or dispom-
f^\ -*ffi^HKi^j^.ia^'gßiy^teifWßßrjy s^*- > ,V., V . fort since. I consider your Belt to
• /^ NN\/Q^S^fe»aa«r^^(gJj/v • V months, it is as good as new.
/ i f^nf lMvlyOV\ V l heartily recommend Dr.
y^J Xv/ . c^S«*f/ *Vl3-"Ay v v ' x* >v Pierces Electric Belt to all suffer-
/ \ 's" ■ \ ."\ '.** NhkV \. N ers. Yours gratefully,
• 4 Air-^ V^ V\/ JOHN P. ANDERSON,
7 .7 X-.'.ryX -.'.ry 'A > Vyi »V VV > Co. H, 18th Infy, U. S. Army.
/ ./Y P* f\i V 3 '»: A" V N Call at office or write for our
' ■■'"■■' \ \ \ :_,: _, \ free "Book No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market Street (opposite Palace Hotel), San Francisco,
Wright's Indian Yeplalils Fills
Are acknowledged by thousands o£ persons wbo
have used them for over forty years to cura
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid L4ver, Weak Stomach, Pimple*
and p'urlfy the blood.
Crossiai's Sneic lite
With this remedy persons can cure them-
eelves without the least exposure, change ot
diet or change In application to business. Th»
medicine contains nothing of the least Injury
to the constitution. Auk your drusgtK (or It
Prlca. SI a bottle.
MINISTERS SOON
MAY TRY HIM
Edwards Davis Courts
an Investigation.
READY TO ANSWER CHARGES
— — — — —
THE SIGNATURE OF ONE MAN
NEEDED TO BEGIN.
Some Interesting Papers Bead at
the Various Denominational
Ministers' Meetings
Yesterday.
Edwards Davis, the notorious preacher
who has astonished the church-going
world by his sensational actions, will soon
appear before a Jury of brother ministers
and give explanation for his erratic con
duct while nastor of the First Christian
Church of Oakland and since severing his
connection with that institution.
At a meeting of the Christian ministers
yesterday a committee composed of Rev.'
W. A. Gardner, W. S. Berry and A. R.
Hathaway was appointed to consult with
the erring man, with a view to giving him
an opportunity to appear before an inves
tipatlng tribunal and show why he should
not be expelled from the ministry. After
the session had adjourned the committee
repaired to a lower hall in the Y. M. C. A.
building, where it met the much talked of
Individual. He showed his willingness to
appear before the body by signing a paper
prepared by the committee. The signa
ture of J.  Wishart is needed to the
document, and just as soon as it is ob
tained the trial will begin. The latter has
proved an obstacle to the carrying on of
the investigation, as he has Strenuously
refused to attach his name to the paper.
It is said that the main reason why Wish
art refuses to sign as representative of
the Athenian church is that the charges
they mah.e against the much-abused
preacher are general, wuereas Davis is
trying to hold him down to specific
ones. Pastor Sawyer, who succeedc-d to
the pulpit of the deposed pastor and who
it is said has resigned, also signed the
agreement.
At the Presbyterian ministers' meeting
E. Woodward Brown read a paper on "To
Serve God Is to Serve Man." He said that
to serve God well was to serve man, jus
tice and brotherhood well, and that men
are most good when they are appreciative
of uod's goodness.
j.t was decided that the committee on
Jewish work be dismissed, not because
they were lacking in interest, but that
their labor wus a subject to bo taken up
by the presbytery.
Rev. S. R. Yarrow of Sausallto read a
strong essay on "The Phenomenon of
Christian Conversion and Its Relation to
the Progress of the Kingdom" before the
Congregational ministers. He pleaded for
a historical study of the results of the
use of conversion in the church. The aim
of the reader was to bring out the im
portance of the idea of conversion be
cause he thought it would make clearer
the different methods whereby the church
gets its adherents.
The Methodists held their usual inter
esting meeting in another hall. Rev. J.
L. Whftton introduced a discussion on
the methods of ministers to draw listen
ers to their churches. He alluded to the
desire of the present day preachers to
dwell on such subjects as the righteous
ness of America's conflict with Spain and
completely ignoring the gospel. He
touched on church Institutions, which
brought up a debate at the conclusion of
the paper.
Dr. Bovard said he did not approve of
ministers chasing after the institutional
church fad, while Dr. Locke believed that
everything making for peace and right
eousness bears the Influence of Christi
anity. He did not consider that a man
ought to be discarded because the crowds
follow him or because the masses were
interested in him. He thought the
church ought to be the liveliest thing in
San Francisco. It ought to be a Chris
tian church. That multitudes living in
narrow alleys were without places to
amuse thf-m and that the work should be
wide enough to entertain all. It should
be as broad as the wants of the people.
The Christian church should be able to fill
all the wants It meets. If a man wants a
little money he ought to be able to leave
his watch to procure It. and it should be
an employment office, and every effort
should be'made to serve God.
A committee, composed of Dr. Ham
mond, Chaplain Macomber of Angel
Island and Dr. Locke, was appointed to
draw up suitable resolutions expressive
of interest in the four Methodist chap
lains who are serving in the United
States volunteer army.
SHE WANTED TO DIE.
A young woman named Marie Esqueba
is locked up In a padded cell in the Re
ceiving Hospital pending an examination
as to her sanity. The unfortunate
woman was employed as a domestic in
the family of Mrs. Bennett, of 62 Rausch
street, and recently her employer sus
pected that she was losing her mind. Yes
terday afternoon she became violent, and
attempted to strangle herself with a
handkerchief. Fearing that she would
make another attempt on her life, Mrs.
Bennett had her taken to the Receiving
Hospital.
The Chinese Flag.
The standard of the Celestial Empire Is a
very queer looking affair. It represents the
most grotesque of green dragons on a yellow
ground. The latter Is suggestive not only of
the national complexion, but also of that of
a sufferer from biliousness. To remove this
unbecoming tint from the omplexion use
Hostetter'B Stomach Bitters, which will
•peedily regulate your liver, prevent malaria,
and remedy dyspepsia, nervousness, rheuma
tism and kidney complaint.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic
for the sexual and urinary oreuns of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of th«
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
lnvigorator and Nervine. Sells en Its own
Merits: no long-winded testimonials nec-ssary.
NABER. ALFS & BRL'NE, Agents.
128 Market Street. 8. P.— (Send for Circular.)
STOREKEEPING WISDOM,
A Far-Sighted Salesman Will Give You
What You Ask For.
The merchant who does business with
his eyes open considers no trouble too
great which will please old customers and
bring in new ones.
He insists that his salesmen fehall be as
polite to a washerwoman as to the wife
of a bank president.
He does not make a hypocritical pre
tense of selling goods below cost, for ho
knows that nobody will believe that he
keeps a store for fun.
He cultivates a memory for names and
faces. He realizes how well men like to
have their identity recognized.
He is obliging in exchanging goods, and
his delivery wagons make their rounds
promptly.
If he be a grocer or a druggist he takes
pains to keep his shelves well stocked
with articles In constant demand, and
he does not try to coax patrons into pur
chases that they will regret afterward.
He does not represent to the buyer who
a.^ks for Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey that
some crude distillation, laden with fusel
oil. will answer the same purpose. The
wise merchant knnws better. He under
stands that the imitations of Duffy's
Whiskey are always worthless and some
times dangerous. He would not imperil
his reputation for fair dealing by offering:
anything instead of what the public asks
for.
The reputable dealer hands the only real
Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey over the
counter without discussion.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
*. v\J (JF 7B* s j vfa Mt»ri«S.E»rifihitreoss.W dj
•WKtimV* — : .:J3J« V
*^$z KSatl ti,...i wm. . —^*
<& " — -6t»<£-Har*- *\_ Op»n«vonlnß9 end Suuday*
r^l!9gt%VAN VROOfYI
><J»iTw\ v sT ElsctTD Cental Parlors
*1T« IP X 6JXTH AND MARKET-
" G. W.KUiIS£R,©. D. 8. *
AMUSEMENTS.
morosco'^grandlpera-hoose
Walter Morosco. Sole Lessee and Manager.
Evening Prices — 25c and 50c,
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
THIRD WEEK of
.'.'. GEORGE P. WEBSTER .'.*.
In Clay M. Greene's Great Arctic Drama,
"Under the. Polar Star/ 7
Directed by H. PERCY MELDON.
A Magnificent Production, "With New Scenic,
Mechanical and Electrical Effects.
Gigantic Icebergs — The Sea of Ice.
Burning of the Arctic Steamer.
The Aurora Borealls.
Drifting Over the North Pole on the Ice Floes.
OLD GLORY AT THE NORTH POLE.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
A WELCOME AS OF YORE!
Play and Players Delightfully Received.
FRAWLEY COMPANY
Presenting for the first time in this city
Augustin Daly's Latest Comedy Success,
"NUMBER NINE."
By the Authors of "Great Unknown," "Two
Escutcheons," etc.
NEXT MONDAY— "ARISTOCRACY."
BALDWIN THEATER.
Continuing all this week. Afternoons at 3,
evenings at 8:30. The acme of science in mov-
ing pictures. "THE PASSION PLAY." Ad-
mission, with seat, adults 25c, children 16c.
Week Commencing Monday, June 18— FANNY
WENTWORTH. London Society Entertainer;
EZRA KENDALL, humorist; CARLIN and
CLARK, German Comedians; SA VANS. Acro-
batic Comedy; KATIE ROONEY. WILLS and
LORETTO, ALBURTUS and BARTRUM,
MUSICAL JOHNSONS. Retained by Popular
demand— LEACH and the THREE ROSE-
BUDS.
Reserved seats 25c, balcony 10c, opera chairs
and box seats 50c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs.Ernestlne Krellng, Proprietor and Manager.
THIS "EVENING,
— 1776--1898—
THE PATRIOTIC OPERATIC SPECTACLE,
AN
AMERICAN HERO!
A Perfect Production In Every Detail.
LOOK OUT FOR
"ALiI BABAI"
; A New Burlesque on an Old Subject.
Popular Prices 25 and 500
No Telephone.
ALCAZAR seat pho c .
f\l-4\*'r\£^fTLL\* MAIN 254.
"AS WELCOME AS EVER."
LEWIS MORRISON
RECEIVED AN OVATION
As Count de Mornay in
A CELEBRATED CASE !
Prices :..13c, 25c, 35c, 500
Next Week— LEWIS MORRISON— "THE NA-
TION'S DEFENDERS."
WEEK DAYS ARE BEST TO SEE
HENRI MAURICE CANNON,
THE GREATEST GUN ON EARTH.
AT THE CHUTES
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
A Great Vaudeville Performance In the
FREE THEATER.
MONSTER SEA LION Just added to the ZOO!
10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children, sc.
HI VMDI A ! Corns' of Wt»on «n4
ULYJnr-iA| Eddy Str««ti.
A Great New BUI. THE BIOGRAPH, New
War Scenes: the GREAT DE BOE. LA ROY
SISTERS. ENYVELL. MAUDE ROCKWELL,
LA MONT, WILLIAMS, GAMBOL. Great
Show. Admission Free.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Daily from 7a. m. until 11 p. m. -
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN So
Bathing, with admission. 25c: children. 20c
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
RECEPTION BY THE
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE
TO THE
First Minnesota Regiment, U.S.V.,
FRIDAY, JUNE 17, 8 P. M.
ADMISSION 50 CENTS.
BENEFIT OF RED CROSS SOCIETY
CAMPERS' $rQR
EXCURSION... $jiZ3.
'■ TO THE-— —
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
Personally Conducted by WM. H. MENTON,
.Excursion Pass. Agt., S. P. Co.
SATURDAY, JUNE 18, 1898,
Stopping at ALMA, WRIGHTS, LAUREL,
GLENWOOD, ARCADIA, ZAYANTE, FEL-
TON, BEN LOMOVD, ROWAUDENNAN and
BOULDER CREEK?
1 Train leaves Ferry landing 7:45 a. m. Oak-
land (14th and Franklin sts.) 7:45 a. m., Ala-
meda (Park st.) 8:20 a. m.
.- ■'. T. H. GOODMAN. G. P. A., 8. P. Co.
; H. R. JUDAH, A. G. P. A.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction off.
Wheat lower and unsettled.
Barley weak and dull.
Oats and Corn inactive.
Rye lower.
Bran advanced.
Hay unchanged.
Beans the same.
Potatoes firmer. Onions unchanged.
Butter and Cheese weak and Eggu firm.
Another car of Eastern Poultry In.
Apricots show signs of doing better.
. Peaches and Cherries steady.
Asparagus, Tomatoes and Cucumbers lower.
Provisions unchanged.
Hl.i.-H and Tallow strong.
Meat market unchanged.
Incrftaned receipts of Wine and Brandy.
RECEIPTS OF WINE AND BRANDY.
Receipts of Wine and Brandy at this port
thus far this year are as follows, compared
with the same time last year: Of Wine, 7,
7S-i.2<Xi gallons, against 4,692,500; Brandy. 116,000
gallons, against 73.700.
CHANGE IN THE BALANCE OF TRADE.
The bulletin issnipil by the Bureau of Statis
tics f the Treasury Department shows that in
the ten months of the present fiscal year the
rx; rta of manufacturers exceeded by over
$40,000,000 the value of the manufactures lm
ported, and It Is probable that for the full
year's reoord this axcees will reach $sfl,orto,iy>i.
In a.> preceding year In the history of the
country have tha exports of manufactures ex
ceeded the Imports of manufactured articles.
In the fiscal year 1597, the Imports of manu
f<vturt>d articles exceeded the values of ex
j^rt manufactures by the sum <jt $27,362,217;
in IS9G by $104,759,734, and in 1595 by $'21 -
ill, 78*.
EXPLANATION.
Th arrow file? with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate minimum temperature
for the days; those underneath it, if any, the
amount of rainfall or if melted snow in inches
and hundredths during the last twelve hours.
■olid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
The w..r.l "high" means high
baron: •tr!' i 1 'es.-urt< aivi Is usually accompanied
i\ Fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
tht" jire^ur^ is hit'h In the inter!' r and 1"W
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" is Inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is im
probabie. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pr<>s«ur.> falling to the* Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather rney be expected
in summer and colder weather In' winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
a2"th Meridian- Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 11, S p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
ram Weather Bureau stations
in Calif
Eureka. ««. Fresno, 84: Los Angeles, 72; Red
Bluff. SO; San Luis Oblspo, 70; San Diego, 68;
Sacramento, 72; Yuraa, Mi.
Pan Francisco temperature: Maximum, 64;
minimum, 52; moan. SS.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
An extensive ar.-n of low pressure lies be
tween the Pacific Coast and the Rocky Mount
ains. The pressure is lowest In Eastern Wash
ing, and is Ft ill railing. During the past 24
hours there has been a mnrked rise in pres
sure over the upper Missouri Valley.
The temperature has remained ' stationary
over th» entire country w<^t of the Rocky
• in Eastern Washington and
Oregon, where it has risen from S to
12 <V'Krf*s. Throughout California the tem
peratures are below the normal.
has fallen on the coast from Eureka
northward.
A thunder storm is reported at Idaho Falls.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Winnemucca, 30 miles per hour from
the west; Carpon City. 32 southwest.
Forecasts made at Pan Francisco for thirty
hour*, ending midnight. June 14. IS3S:
Northern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Tuesday, probably showers north of
San Francisco on the coast; fresh south
westerly wind.
Southern California— Cloudy Tuesday; warm
er along the coast; fresh westerly wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday; probably showers
in extreme northern portion.
Utah— Cloudy Tuesday; showers early Tues
day morning.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
San FrancißCO and vicinity— Tuesday
with showers early Tuesday morning; south
erly, changing to fresh Westerly wind -
Special report from Mount Tamalpais taken
at 5 p. m.— Partly cloudy; wind southwest 36
miles per hour; temperature. .'0: maximum ' 54
ALEXANDER McADIe!
Local Forecast Official.
•
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NTSW YORK, June 13.— Close: Money on call
steady, I Vl ©l*4 per cent; last loan. l^ per cent.
Prime Mercantile Paper, 3 / a4 per cent. Ster
ling Exchange weak, with actual business In
Bankers 1 Hills at 14 BS%®4 86H for demand and
14 S3%'ff4 84 for sixty days. Posted rates v s&a
4 83/4 and $4 56%@4 87; Commercial Bills '$4 S3ii-
Silver Certificates, 57V;iUCSHc; Bar Silver fi7»;c :
Mexican Dollars, 45y 4 c; Government Bonds!
strong; State Bonds, dull; Railroad Bonds'
weak.
NEW TORK STOCK MARKET.
' NEW YORK, June 13.— The slump in the j
Stock market to-day was a surprise to most
epeclative observers who looked for an ad
vance In prices after the apparent abandon
ment of last week's persistent attempt to se
cure a reaction. The underlying cause of to
day's violent decline was not very clear, and
many suggested solutions of the puzzle found
currency. Superficially there was evident some
sympathy with the dropping of the bottom out
of the wheat market, and there were very
heavy sales of securities on the New -York ex-
Change on telegraphic orders from Chicago A
decline in the prioe of wheat does not necessa
rily Imply harm to railroad property, as was
Ken In the notable advance in the Grangers
last Friday on a favorable Government report"
but so violent a decline in wheat a« that o^tol
dn .£ IT 0 ? 8 " 80Tne question whether the farmers
Vil i fl nd a profit In the sale of the year's crop
and the railroad companies are, of coure« de
pendent for their prosperity on the prosperity
of the population they serve. Furthermore*
such a shrinkage In values as that In grain to
day involves a large liquidation of collaterals
and it was this that caused the chief damage
.to prices of stocks. Weakness permeated pretty
much the whole list, but was especially marked
In the Grangers, People's Gas and some of the
high-priced specialties. This acute wiling
pressure from Chicago Rave rise to some per
plstent reports of a pending large failure in
Chicago In the grain trade. But there was also
an Ingenious suggestion to the effect that a
large speculative combination In Chicago was
manipulating the market with a view to going
long on wheat while going short on stock» on
the prospect of inevitable rumors of crop dam
age before harvest time. Damage to the crop
or even widely credited reports of crop dam
age would certainly result In a bulge In the
wheat market and In a sharp reaction in stocks
London bought freely of stocks here at the
morning- decline and helped to weaken the ex
change market. The rally In the last hour of
the stock market was plainly on covering. by
professional traders.
To-day's activity in the bond market was at
the expense of values, as was the case In
Etockß. Sales, $2,300,000.
United States new 4s coupon advanced *£ and
the registered 4s. both old and new, i t in the
bid price. : '
Total sales of stocks , to-day 677,400 shares. In
cluding: 4435 Atchlson 22.740 do preferred, 3685
B. end a. 46, Zai Burlington, 17.250 J/oulsvUlt j
and Nashville, 15,070 Manhattan, 3580 Metropoli
tan Street Railway, 7020 Missouri Pacific, 4520
j New York Central. 11.300 Northern Pacific, 20,
230 do preferred. 15,220 Rock Island, 40,850 St.
Paul, 4527 Southern preferred, 24,220 Union Pa
cific preferred, 28,504 American Tobacco, 10.750
Chicago and Great Western, 37,255 People's Gas,
65.561 Sugar, 4732 Tennessee Coal and Iron, 5427
Rubber.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 13% Do prefd '. 145%
Do prefd 33% St P & Om 764
Baltimore & Ohio 19% Do prefd 150
Canada Pacific .. 85% St P M & M 141
: Canada Southern. 51% So Pacific ISVi
Central Pacific .. 13V< So Railway 8%
Ches & Ohio 22% Do prefd 29%
Chi & Alton 15«, Texas & Pacific.. 11%
Chi B & 0 Kk,\ Union Pac prefd. 60
Chi & E 111 64 C P D & G 74
CC C & St L.... 33 W'abash 7%
Do prefd So Do prefd li»U
Del & Hudson.... 109% Wheel & L E 171 7
Del L & W 154 Do prefd 11
Den & R G 13 Express Companies-
Do prefd 51 Adams Ex 100
Erie (new) 13% American Jix — 126
Do Ist prefd .... 36%, United States .... 40
' Fort Wayne 16$ I Wells Fargo 116 .
iGt Nor prefd 178 ' Miscellaneous—
1 Hocking Valley... 5Va A Cot Oil 20%
Illinois Central .. 105 Do nrefd 75
Lake Erie & W... 15% Amu Spirits 14%
i Do >>rc;rd 72% Do prefd 38
Luke Shore 18 Am Tobacco 115%
Louis & Nash 52% Do prefd : IIS
Manhattan L .... 104 People's Gas 1004
Met St Ry 160% Cons Gas 201
Mien rent 103 Com Cable Co 160
Minn & St L 28V4 Col F & Iron 21%
Do Ist nrefd .... 91 Do Drefd ........ 80
i Mo Pacific 36% Gen Electric 37%
1 Mobile & Ohio 27 Illinois Steel t6»s
Mo X & T 10% Laclede Gas 48%
Do prefd 34 Lead 35
Chi Ind & L 9% Do prefd H)6%
Do prefd 30 Nat Lin Oil 19
i N J Central 954 Or Imp Co SO
N V Central 116«f, I Pacific Mall 29
N V Chi &St L.. 13 Pullman Palace... 183
Do Ist prefd .... 65 Silver Certificates 57%
i Do 2d prefd .... 334 Stand R& T .... 5%
'Nor West 16 Sugar 139%
No Amer Co 6% Do prefd 114%
No Pacific 294 T C & Iron 23%
| Do prefd 694 D 8 Leather 7
Ontario & W 15*4 Do prefd 65%
!Or R & Nay 62 O S Rubber 214 j
Or Short Line 30 Do prefd 82
Pittsburg 109 I West Union PI B
Reading 19% Chi & N W 125%
Do Ist prefd.... 4G4; Do prefd 170
Rock Island 106% St L & S W si
iFt Louts A S F... 7% I Do prefd 64%
Do Ist nrefd.... 63 Chi G W H'-i
Do 2d prefd.... 30 Haw Com Co 224
', St Paul 100%
CLOSING BONDS.
i 0 S new 4s reg.. 122% |N Carolina 6s 127\4
Do coup 1224; Do 4s 104 j
• U B 43 105% INo Pac lsts 115
Do coup 111% Do 3s 62%
l>i 2ds 95 Do 4s 97
f S 5s re* 1114 N V C & 8 L 45.. 103%
IHi 5s coup .... 111% Nor & W 6a 120
District 3.6&S 114 Xnrthwstrn cons. 140
I Ala class A 110 Do deb 5s 115
Do B 100 0 Nay lsts 115
Do C SO 9 Nay 4s 95
Do Currency ... 90 OS Line 6s tr.... 126%
i Atchison 4s 92% 0 S Line 53 tr.... 106%
Do adj 4s 65% O Imp lsts — 114 j
■ Can So ids v 10S«-i Do 5s tr 60%
Chi Term 4s 85-% Pacific 6s,of 95.... 101
C & Ohio Be 114 Readings 86%
1 C H & D 4>*s 104% R G W lsts 87*
D & H '■; lsts.... 1064 St L & I M C 6s. 94
D & R G 4s 95% St L & S F G 6.«. 120
East Term lsts... 108 St P Con 145
Erie Gen 4s 74 St PC 4 P lsts.. 120%
F \Y & D lsts tr. 72 Do 6s 116%
Gen Elec 5s 102% Bo Ry 5s 95%
Q M .v SA 6s 106 Stand R & T 65.. <«
Do 2ds 105 Term new set 35.. 91%
H & T Css 109 T&P L G lsts.. 106%
Do con 6s 104 Do Rg 2ds 38%
lowa C lsts 100% U P D & G lsts.. 61Vi
La new cons 45.. 100 War. Ist 5s 10S%
I. & N TTnl 45.... 904 1 Do 2ds .: 89 l i
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 108%
M X & T Ms 62% Va Centuries .... 71
Do 4s 86% Do deferred .... 5%
NyN y Central lsts. 119 D P prefd 60
N J C 5s 114% V P 4s 96%
MINING STOCKS.
"hollar OS Ontario 2 75
Crown Point 0» Ophlr 20
Con cc a l & Va.... 42 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 00
Gould & Curry.... 10 Do prefd 225
Hale & Norcross. 75 Sierra Nevada ... 50
HomeFtake 40 00 1 Standard 1 50
Iron Silver So Union Con 05 !
Mexican 10 i Yellow Jacket ... 15
BOSTON
BOSTON. June li.— Atchison, 13H: Bell
Telephone, 272%; Burlington, I<V;%: Mexican
Central, 6%; Oregon Short Line, SO; San Diego,
.—.. — .
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. June 13.— Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were quiet to-day. This was an
ticipated, and It will probably be a quiet week.
Th" tone was fairly steady.
Americans opened dull on New York prices,
rallied on general buying here, but subsequent
ly gave way and closed dull on th» lack of
New York support, notably In Southern lines.
A feature was the sharp rise In Turkish stocks
on Paris and Berlin buying. There Is evidently
something in the wind. ■■'■- %'
There is much discussion over the placing of
the Chilean treasury bills, the issue of which
was announced in th«se dispatches recently.
The,y were not placed by the Rothchllds, and
this" appears to be an offense to that house.
Gold was bought to-day for Russia but less
keenly at 77s 9%d.
The only feature In the money market is the
further notable Increase in the supply of
American bills for forward delivery-
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, BS%; Grand Trunk, 8%. Bar
silver 26% d per ounce. Money, %@% per cent.
Spanish fours closed at 34%. a net gain of y 4 .
PARIS, June 13.— Spanish fours closed at
34 7-16, a net gain of %■
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, June 13.— FLOUR— Receipts,
16,071 barrels; exports, 16.77.'. barrels. Weak and
20930 c lower all around to sell.
WHEAT— Receipts, 321.900 bushels; exports,
449,500 bushels. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, $1, f.
o. b. afloat export grades. Options were weak
and demoralized nearly all day because of
bearish cables and foreign statistics, heavy
Northwest markets and rumors affecting the
financial position of prominent Chicago bull
traders. Prices finally rallied on a big local
export business and closed firm at l%l}9*i<; net
decline, the latter July No. 2 red. July, Sl%@
90i-; closed. S3c.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
METALS— market for metals starts the
week in irregular form, lead and spelter show
ing pronounced strength, while copper and
iron rule easy, tending downward. At the
close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants easy, with $6 60 bid and
$6 70 asked. x
LAKE COPPER— with $11 80 bid, $12
asked.
TlN— Quiet, with $15 05 bid and $15 10 asked.
SPELTER— Strong and higher, with $5 bid
and $5 30 asked.
LEAD— Firm, with $3 80 bid and $3 85 asked.
The firm fixing the settling price for miners
and smelters calls lead steady at $3 65.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to '. points higher. Sales, 7250 bags. Including:
July, X' 70. Spot coffee — Rio. dull; No. 7 in
voice, 6 s iic; No. 7, Jobbing, 6%c. Mild, quiet;
Cordova 8%@15%c. -' ■'-■ ■ 
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, B%c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 4 16-16 c; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 15,551 packages. Very
firm; Western creamery, 13%@17c; Elglns. 17o;
factory. 10%®12%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 9845 packages. Firm; West
ern, 12c; Southern, IQ%i&llc.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, June 13.— California dried
fruits, quiet.
EVAPORATED ' APPLEB— Common, 6{?Bc;
prime wire tray, 9@9%c: wood dried, prime,
9%c: choice, 9%c; fancy. 10c.
PRUNES— 4® B%c.
APRICOTS— Royal. 8@10o; Moorpark, 10<f?17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, s®9c; peeled, 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, June . 18.— Enormous liquidation
for Joseph Lelter caused a general rout of the
bulls In the wheat pit to-day. Weakness In
markets abroad and some Indications of grad
ually clearing weather In the West, more es
pecially In the Dakotas, Nebraska and Kan
sas, started wheat very weak. For an hour
it continued to decline, every drop of 4 cent
a bushel bringing out shoals of stop-loss or
ders. In that time. September wheat had lost
3%c of Its value, as it stood at the close of
the session Saturday. December, the next
most active delivery, declined 3%c In the same
time. The nearby deliveries, however. in
which the trading was very much smaller,
miflered severely. July dropped 7%c and June
Be. During that time it was a mere hunt for
buyers In the pit, and for a long time It was
a question as to how to get rid of wheat
rather than a question as to how much could.
be got for it. It became current gossip about
12 o'clock that Joseph Leiter had transferred
his open trades In wheat to others than the
brokers that have hitherto been doing his
trading on the floor. His trades In June, it
soon became definitely known, had been trans
ferred to Armour A Co.. and his September
trades to Lamson Bros. & Co. As that was In
terpreted as a sign of financial weakness, the
effect upon the market was very depressing
The previous decline had been so severe and
the market "bad been relieved of such a grnat
quantity of long wheat, however, ' that the
prominence that might otherwise have been
looked for at such a suggestion as the mere
possibility of Lelter being In financial diffi
culty was averted, although a further decline
was, of course, inevitable. July declined to
75c, a dror) of 11 cents compared with the
close Saturday. September fell to 69% c and
December to 69c, One of the weak factors
of the day was the utter demoralization In the
Northwest, where a combination, of which
Leiter was at the head, had been holding July
so stiffly . ■ The break there was more than
doable what it was here. ■ Minneapolis and
Duluth gave indications: of a panic the former
getting 21% cents below Saturday's close, and
Duluth 23 cents lower. Near : the close the
panicky . feeling here gradually wore off ■ and
there was; some recovery from bottom • prices.
Liverpool at to* qlota was from i)j<\ to 4&d
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 14, 1898.
lower, and Paris the equivalent of 2%c a
bushel lower. The world's shipments last
week were 12.378,000 bushels, against 4,206.000
bushels the similar week of last year. July
opened lIJKc lower, at 80@S5c, sold down to
75c, ud to 81c, slumped to 75c, rallied to 79c,
the closing figure. September began at 71'4'§>
72 1 -c, declined to 7OV4c, rose to 70% c, fell off to
69% c, then firmed up to 70%c@71c bid at the
close.
There was very little independence In corn,
prices sympathizing with the wheat collapse.
July left off %@lc Tower.
Oats followed wheat and corn, July declining
%@%c.
With every one wanting to sell and no buy
ers in sight, provisions started very weak. At
the decline packing-houses bought in large
quantities, and lard and ribs closed better than
Saturday. July pork lost 74c; lard and ribs
each 5c higher.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—2 —
June 80 90 86 85
July 85 85. 75 79
September 714 72% 70% 71
December 714 71% 69 71 •
Corn No. —
June 33% 33% 31% 31%
July 32% 32% 81% 32% I
September 33% 33% 324 83
Oats No. 2-^-
July 23% 24 23% 23%
September 21% 21% 20% 21
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 9 42% 960 925 960
September 9 52%. 985 945 980
Lard, per 100 lbs —
July 5 57% "5 80 5 57% 5 77%
September 5 70 5 »5 5 70 5 87%
Short Ribs, per 100 lt>s— .■-.'• ■
July 5 274 545 6 274 640
September 6 37% 555 6 37% 550
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull j
and weak; No. 2 Spring Wheat, 80c; No. 3
Spring Wheat, 75<frS5c; No. 3 Red. 87c: No. I
Corn. 32c; No. 2 Oats, 25% c; No. 2 White, 2Sc;
No. It White, 274 c; No. 2 Rye, 41c; No. 2 Bar
ley, 32#36c; No. 1 Flaxseed, $116; Prime Tim
othy Peed, $2 67492 75; Mess Pork, per bbl,
$9 55^9 60; Lard, per 100 lbs, $5 76<@5 774; Short
Ribs, Bides (loose). 5 25@5 60; Dry Salted Shoul
ders (boxed), 5@6%0; Short Clear Sides (boxed),
$5 8096. »
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbl* 7.800 10.400
Wheat, bu 34,000 60.000
Corn, bu 625.900 474.600
Oats, bu 244.100 408,200
Rye bu .. 4.200
Barley, bu 8.150 700
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; Creameries. 14<$16c; Dairies,
ll@14c; Eggs steady; fresh, 9Vic.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 97.270 21,750
Duluth
Milwaukee 20.000
Chicago 34,000 60.210
Toledo 10. 562 3,330
St. Louis S.OOo 1.000
Kansas City 7,596 8.753:
Detroit ~ 14.000 15,000
Totals
Tidewater —
Boston 416
Now York 8*1.900 449,448
Philadelphia I-™ 1.054 i
Baltimore 20,022 j
New Orleans
Galveston 1
Totals
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 63 10 60 45
Closing
Flour-
Opening 28 58 22 75
Closing
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
June. Jiilv. Sept. Dec.
Opening 810 66% «14
Closing 874 64% 6 %
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, June 18.— CATTLE— After two
weeks of light cattle receipts, buyers to-day
were ready to take hold freely and trade was I
animated. Prices ruled strong for the better
class of offerings and steady for others. Choice
steers, $4 90@5 36; medium. 54 50«4 65; beef
steers, $4 1004 65; etockers and feeders. $3 86®
4 90- cows and heifers, $3 40<ff4 80; canners, $2 60
Cat 35; calves, ?4<96 60.
HOGS— Were about 10c lower. Fair to choice,
*3 57%64; packers, $3 75<?f'S 85; butchers, $3 80
(S3 85; mixed, $3 75<?3 90; light. $3 60@3 90; pigs,
i"> 50fi3 75. ■':■•;' •
SHEEP— Were strong and 15c higher. Sheep,
$3 5C'«5 25: rams, $2 75@4; ewes, $4 75: clipped
lambs, $4 SOO6 10; spring lambs, $656 50.
Receipts— 18,000; hogs. 35,000; sheep.
13,000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. June 13.— CATTLE—
6000. Market steady to 10c lower. Native
steers, $4(£M 95; native cows and heifers, $1 60
@4 70; stockers and feeders. $3 35@5 50: bulls,
$3 25<ff3 90.
HOGS— Receipts, 9000. Market 6<Sloc lower.
Bulk of sales, $3 60@3 85; heavies. »3 654f3 92;
packers, $3 sr.fj 3 85: mixed, $3 55<@3 80: lights.
$3 5093 75; yorkers, $3 70<g'3 75; pigs, $3-g'3 50. •■
! SHEEP— Receipts, 2000. Market firm; lambs,
; $3 2503 75: muttons, $?.'5-4 75.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. June 13— Receipts. 3000.
Market steady to 6c lower. Native beef steers,
$4® 4 85; Western steers, $3 90@4 60: cows and I
heifers. $3 60'9 1 4 20; canners, $2 5008 40; Ptockers .
and feeders, J4<o's 20: calves, $4 5007; bulls and !
stags, $3t?4.
HOGS— Receipts, 2200. Market 6@loc lower.
Heavy. 13 70-33 80; mixed, »3 70^3 75; light.
J3 65@8 72: bulk of sales. *3 70®3 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, 600. Market steady to
stronger. Fair to choice natives. $3 80@4 60;
do Westerns, $3 75*4 50; common and stock
sheep, $8 50@4 25; lambs. $4 50®6.
DENVER.
DENVER. June 13.— CATTLE— 6100.
Market firm. Beef steers. J4<J?4 60; cows, *3iJ?4:
feeders, freight paid to river, $4^-4 60; stockers. |
freight paid to river, 54 10®4 80; bulls, stags, j
etc., $2^(3.
HOGS— Receipts, 400. ■ Market weak to 10c
lower. Light packers. $3 70@3 76; mixed, $3 65
63 70: heavy. *3 60®3 70.
SHEEP— 200. Market firm. Good
fat muttons, $3 50@4 50; lambs, $4 60<3!5 50.
, FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, June 13.— Consols, 111%; Silver,
20 VI: French rentes. 103f 274 c.
LIVERPOOL, June 13.— Wheat, cargoes off
coast, buyers and sellers apart, 6d lower; car
goes on passage, very little doing; English
country markets, quiet; Liverpool V heat. No.
1 California, 2T.Vid; Wheat In Paris, weak;
Flour In Paris, weak.
COTTON— 3 9-16<l.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— closed easy, Jill-" 8s T4d;
September, 6s 9%d; December, 6s %d.
CORN— September, quiet. 3s 6d. ;
NEW YORK WHEAT MARKET.
NEW YORK, June Wheat circles were
considerably excited to-day over the publication
of startling rumors affecting the 'financial
standing of Chicago's famous bull clique. Color
was given to such reports by a sensational
break of about 22c per bushel In the July op
tion at Minneapolis and Duluth. In which mar
kets it was understood that the bull interests
maintained Its greatest holdings. Along In the
late afternoon, however, on reports that heavy
export trade had been accomplished . prices
Jumped almost 2 cents a bushel and closed
rather steady, July at 83c and September at
75% c, although the latter on the curb eased
back to 75% c.
LONDON WOOL SALE&
LONDON, June 13.— The arrival of the fourth
series of wool auction sales, which closed last
Saturday, are as follows:
New South Wales, 58,459; Queensland, 23,691;
Victoria, 55.816; South . Australia, 6721; West
Australia, -34G5; Tasmania, 5944; New Zealand,
119,155; Cape of Good Hope and Natal. 61.420.
Deducting- 42,000 bales Australian and 38,600
Cape of Good Hope and Natal, and adding 88,
000 old stock, leaves the available amount of
wool for the fourth series 265.658 bales.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, June 13.— The Earl Fruit Company
auction sales were as follows: Apricot*— Royal,
$1 25®1 75, average 11 65. . Plums— Japan, $2 40;
. Yosabe, 12 30. Prunes— Tragedy, (1 65@2 30,
average . 12 16. i Peaches— Alexander, 80c@$l 10,
average 'B3c. Six cars sold.
NEW YORK. June 13.— Apricots— $1 05
®2 05, average $2 07. • Alexander, 90c@
$1 60 average $1 14. Plums— Clyman, 90c@$l 90.
average |1 32; Tragedy $2 05@2 10, average $2 07.
Nine cars sold.
BOSTON, June 13.— Peaches— Alexander, $1 50
©190, average $169. Apricots— Royal, $115;
Newcastle, 80c@$l, average 960. Cherries— Royal
Anne, 80c:f$2 60, average $1 12; Black Republi
can, $1 Of.th 30, average $1 25. Three cars sold.
PHILADELPHIA. June 13.— Plums—
$1 25@1 45, average $1 35. Prunes— Tragedy, $2 23
<ff3 50 average $2 75. Alexander, $125
@1 55' average SI 4». Apricots— Royal, $1 30®
175, average $1 71. Three cars sold.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. June 13.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat Sat
urday, June 11, as compiled by the New York
Produce Exchange, Is as follows:
Wheat, 19,691,000 bushels; ; decrease, 2,906.000.
Corn, ; 21,465,000 bushels; increase, 306,000. Oats,
1 113.000 bushels; decrease. 756,000. Rye, 1.578.
000 bushels; ; decrease, 104,000. Barley. 497,000;
decrease. 86.000. . ■ ' -■ -' ' ;
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, June IS.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $189,698,852; gold reserve,
$165,991,100.. v; •'■■■■•-■•■. •■■•■■•■
COTTON; MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, June 13. — COTTON —
Steady; middlings, 6 11 -16.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, June There Is nothing doing
in ' the : local ; ' wheat market. • Nominal quota
tions are about 70<??72c for Walla Walla and 74c
for valley and bluestem. ; . . ; "
Cleared— ship Port Logan, for Queens
town with 115,750 buibcla of wbea.t; Norwegian
! steamer Bogstadt for Vladivostok, Siberia, with
55,000 bushels of oats, 1.724,708 feet lumber.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June 13 —No market for wheat to
day.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. June 13.— Exchanges, $406,436;
balances, $54,937.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
j Sterling Exchange, sight.. — *♦ 86%
: Sterling Exchange. 60 days - * j^V*
! Sterling Cables — 4 87%
I New York Exchange, 5ight........ — J|>
! New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce - "%
Mexican Dollars 48 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— collapse of Leiter In Chicago
demoralized everything and futures declined
several cents on the morning sessions. The
spot market remained nominal, or more strict
ly speaking, there was no spot market. The
I foreign markets were also lower. _
Spot Wheat— capping. ; milling, $1 6o@
1 624 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
20,000 ctls. $1 32; 4000, $1 31%; 6000, $1 32%; 16,
000. »1 32%.
Second session— December— 4ooo ctls, $1 31%;
20.000, $1 31%; 12,000, $1 31%; 12.000, 31%.
Regular morning session— December — ctls,
$132%; 4000, $132%- 18 000. $133; 6000 $1 33%;
74.000. $133%: 38 000 ' $133%; 44,000, $133%; 14,
000, $1 33%; 20,000. $1 33%.
Afternoon session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 33%; 18,000. $1 83%; 2000, $1334-
BARLEY— Another decline In futures ren
dered the spot market weak and dull, and
there was no business worthy of note.
Feed. $1 15@l 20; Brewing, nominal. i
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— o'clock— No sales.
Second session— December— 4ooo ctls, $1 1«%;
8000. $1 14%; 2000, $114%; 2000. $114%; 4000,
$1 14%. Spot-2000, $1 15.
Regular morning ■e«slon—D©c«mber— lß,ooo
ctls, $1 U5%.
Afternoon session — sales. J ■-/.
OATS— There li nothing going on and quo
tations art largely nominal.
Fancy feed, $1 S74QU 40 per ctl: food to
choice, $1 27401 324; common, $1 2001 26; Sur
prise, $1 35@1 40; gray, $1 25@1 »0; milling.
$1 32%@1 37% per ctl. "
CORN— Prices are unchanged, with a dull
business.
Small round yellow, $1 25®1 SO; large yellow,
$1 06@l 07%; white $1 024@l 05 per ctl; mixed,
$1 02%(3>l 05. -/ ■ .- ™
RYE— lower and dull at $1 30®l 334 per
ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75®1 86 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTTTFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $5 60®5 60; bakers'
extras. $5 25@* 85 per bbl.
MILLBTUFFS— Prices In sacks ax* as fol
lows, usual discount to tht trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $6; Cornmeal, $2 60; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal, $4; Oat Groats, $4 25;
Hominy. $3 25@3 60; Buckwheat Flour, $4<34 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 75: Farina, $4 76; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 SO
(§6 20; in sacks, $6 60@C; Pearl Barley, $4 76;
Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas, $4 60 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Bran Is marked up 600.
There Is nothing new in Hay except that
some island Barley Is now coming in. Buy
ers, who generally purchase heavily at this
time of the year are holding off, hoping for a
decline that does not come.
BRAN— sl6@l7 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2O 60©22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $26027 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31@31 50; Job
bing, $3Z©32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24®20; Cot
tonseed Meal, $28630 per ton; Comment, $24 60;
Cracked Corn, $25. . ■ • "
HAY— (Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat. $20<3>
23; Wheat and Oat. $19@22; Oat, $18@1»; Bar
ley, ; compressed Wheat. $21024; com
pressed Oat, $16@18; Alfalfa. $12@13 60; Clover,
NEW HAY— Wheat. $17@19; Oat, ; Barley,
; Island Barley, $12<<?14; Alfalfa, $li©l 3 60.
STRAW— €5@95c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans show no new features, being quiet and
well held as a rule.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 90@3; Small Whites, $2(3
2 10; Large Whites, $1 96«2 05; Pinks, $2 60®
2 70; Reds, $2 75@2 90; Blackeye. $3 25<gi3 40;
Butters. $1 7?'S 1 1 90; Llmas. $2 ?o<f3; Pea, $1 85
@2; Red Kidneys, $2 65'§2 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 256*2 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $3 15@3 25; Flax, $2 35; Canary
Seed. 2%@2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 3(96c: Rape, 2%@
2%c: Hemp, 2%ijf3c: Timothy, s§s>4c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 75®2; Green, $2®
I 10 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Los Angeles Egg Plant, B@loo per lb; Green
Peppers, 10c; Tomatoes. $1 50@l 75 per box.
New Potatoes "are doing better. Onions are
unchanged.
Asparagus declined sharply, owing to the
closing down of the Mllpitas cannery on this
vegetable, which turned large shipments to
this market. Tomatoes and cucumbers were
also lower.
POTATOES— OId Burbanks, 25@60c per ctl;
new Potatoes 40@75c for Early Rose, 50@75c
for Peerless and 4o<g"sc for Burbanks, In boxes.
ONIONS— New, 66<g60c per ctl for red and 75
@Bfic for yellow.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 835 boxes As
paragus, 31 sacks Beans and 169 sacks Peas.
Asparagus, $1 75@2 for extra large; $l@l 60
per box for No. 1. 60<a>75c for small; Rhu
barb. 60c<f $1 per box; Green Peas, 75c<3$l 25
per sack: Garden Peas. 2c per lb; String
Beans, 3@sc; Wax Beans, 4f»f6c; Horse Beans,
40<g50c per sack; Summer Squash. 60c@$l per
box; Dried Peppers, B<S7c per lb; Dried Okra,
124 c; Cabbage, f.o^fiOc per ctl: Carrots. 30®fi0 c
per sack; Marysville Cucumbers, 50@550 per
box; Vacavllle Tomatoes, $1 50*92 per box;
Green Corn, 20ig350 per dozen; Garlic, 4®sc
per lb.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25
lbs; sliced, desiccated, 16@18c; granulated, raw,
13c; Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, lie-
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet .Potatoes, BOc; Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at $6 for Hens, $4 75 for
old Roosters, $8 for Broilers and 120 (or
Turkeys.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10$12 c for Gob
blers and 10©12 c for Hens; Geese, per pair 75c
igjl; Goslings. $1!3>1 26; Ducks, $S®3 SO for" old
and $3<&)4 50 for young; Hens, $3 £o<{?>4 60: Roos
ters, young, $7'g'9; Roosters, old, $3 50(jj!4; Fry
ers. $5W6; Broilers, $3 50@4 50 for large, $2®S
for small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for
young and $1 for old.
GAME- Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs are firm, and some dealers quote over
our quotations. Butter Is easy and Cheese is
weak and dull.
BUTTEH—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 18@19c; sec
onds, 17Vi#18c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 164©170; common
grades, I!><g:l6c per Tb.
Eastern Butter— lmitation creamery, 16®
164 c; ladle-packed, 15@16c per lb; Elgin. 17
@18c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. iWß*c; old, 74@
8c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young America,
9(?10c: Eastern, 12f§ttc.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 16i?18c per dozen; store
Eggs, 14'glBc; Eastern, 124@16c; Duck Eggs,
16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Apricots are steadier and denlera look for
higher prices shortly. Peaches are less de
moralized, but are not firm. Apples and
Plums are not materially changed.
Berries are in moderate receipt and steady.
Cherries are rather steadier if anything, but
prices show no particular change.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Receipts were 319 chests of Strawberries and
6887 boxes of Cherrte* and 442 boxes of Apricots.
Strawberries. $2@5 per chest for large and
$6(5?'9 for small.
"White Cherries, 15W25c per box; black, 20<a
40c; Royal Annes. 35@S0c; loose Cherries, I@>
IVic for white and l@3c per Tb for black, and
2'rjio for Royal Anne.
Currants, $2'g'3 50 per ch««t.
Blackberries, 75@90c per crate and fO^g* per
chest.
Plumbs. 401360 c per crate and 3R^soc per box;
Cherry Plums, 20@30c per drawer and 25@50c
per box.
Apricots, SBiSfiOc per box and SOo per crate
for Royals.
Peaches, 25<g i fioc per box and 60c per basket.
Gooseh»rrles. l(J2c per lb for common and
4c for EnKlish.
Newcastle Raspberries, 75c<341 26 per crate;
Nearby Raspberries, $E@l2 per chest.
Apples, 7.'.c^Jl SO per box; new Apples, S6®
60c per small and 75c@$l per large box and 80®
40c per basket.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $1 75@3;
Seedlings, 75ctf1 25; Lemons, 50c<g>$i for com
mon and $1 25®2 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $3'3>4: California Limes, in small boxes,
40^50c; Bananas, $1 25<S>2 p«r bunch; Pine
apples, $3@4 per do«en.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS. ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 4?4@
6c for 40-50' s. 4%@4%c for 50-60' s, 3%@4c for
fiO-70's, 3V 4 <ffi34c for 70-80's. 2*i^3c for SO-90's, 2-4
@2Vic for 90-100's; Peaches, 3@sc; fancy, 64@
6c; peeled. 10<jjl24c; Apricots. 5@64c for Royals
and 7&& C for good to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples. 7Vi@Sc: sun-dried, 44@5c; Black
Figs in sacks. 2Q'2Hc; Plums. 44@4%0 for
pitted and lVi@l4c f<7r unpltted; bleached
Plums, 6@sVic; Nectarines, 4@sc for prime to
fancy; Pears, 24<§'44c for quarters and 3@64c
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— IM-«2c for two-crown, 3c for three
erown. 34c for four-orown, 4»ic for Seedless
Sultanas. 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and Jl@
1 10 for Lon.lon layers; dried Grapes, 2v 2 c.
NUTS— "Walnuts, 3@4c for hardshell. 4®6c for
softshell; Almonds. 3@4c for hardshell. 6@7c for
Boftshell. SH®9c for paper-shell; Peanutß, 4©
64c for Eastern and 44c for CaJifornia; Pe
cans, 64®8c; Filberts. 94<?10c; Brazil NuU,
*'U 3c per ib; Cocoanutt, f4 60#6 per 100.
HONEY— Comb. 9(g'loc for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water- white extracted, sVi®
6c; light amber extracted, 4%@»Hc per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
There Is no change to report. Trad« Is fair
at the prices.
CUBED MEATS— Bacon. 9c per lb for
heavy, 9Hc for light medium, 10c for light,
lie for extra light and 12@12Hc for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. l(H4@llc; Cali
fornia Hams, 9Vi©loc; Mess Beef $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, $12; Salt
Pork, $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extui clear,
$17@17 50; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12@12H0 per
n>.
LARD— Eastern, tierces quoted at 6c per IT)
for compound and BV4c for pure; pails, 9^4c;
California tierces, 5V4c per Tb for compound
and 7>fec for pure; half barrels, l%c; 10- tb
tins, B^c; 5-Tb tins. B*c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%@7Hc; packages,
less than 300 lbs — 1-IT> pails, 60 In a case, 9Hc;
8-rb palls, 20 in a case, BHc; 5-tb pails, 12 in a
case, B%c; 10-tb pails, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-tb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case. 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, BHc; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, "He; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per tb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides and Tallow are firm at the advance,
with a good demand. i
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10%Sllc; medium. 9',..@10c: light, 9@9>*c;
Cowhides, B®9Hc; Stags, 6Vtc; salted Kip. 9c;
Calf, 10c: dry Hides. 16Vmi7%c; culls and
brands, 13\it@Uc: dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry
Calf, 18@20c; culls, 16@17c: Goatskins. 20@40c
each; Kids, o'g'lOc; Deerskins, good summer,
27^®30c; medium, 60c; winter. 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20@30c each; short wool, 30@600
each; medium. 70@90c; long wool, 90c@$l 30
each: Horsehldes, salt. $2®2 25 for large and
$162 for small; Colts. 50c: Horsehidea, dry, $2
for large and $1 for small; Colts. 50c
TALLOW— 1 rendered. BV4@B%c per lb:
No. 2, 2^<3!3c; refined, 4%@4«4c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip. Southern Mountain, 7<3>loc;
free. Northern, 9@lßc. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain. 12 months", 9®llc; San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months', 8®10c; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12@14c; do, defective 10®12c;
Middle county, 13@18c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 16<3>17c; Nevada, 13@15c.
HOPS— IB 97 crop. 9@12H0 per n>.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There Is .no further change In any descrip
tion. Hogs are steady.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 64©; second quality,
5%c; third quality, 4@sc per It>.
VEAL— Large, sc; small, 6@70 per Tt>.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7H@Bc; Ewes, 7®7H« per
lb. •
LAMB— Spring, B@BV4c per Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4Vi@4Hc for large, 4^gisc
for medium and 4®4Vic for small; stock Hogs.
3Vi@3?4c; dressed Hogs, 6Vi<g>7V4c.
OKNBRAIi MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July, 5%@
B%c; Wool Bags, nominal: San Quentln, $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $S; Southfleld Wellington. $7 60; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend.
$7 50; Cumberland, $10 25 in bulk and $11 50 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel. $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate.
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cosh: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, 6%c; Dry
Granulated. 6 7^c; Confectioners' A, 5%c; Mag
nolia A, 5%c; Extra C, 5%c; Golden C. 5%c;
Candy Granulated, 6c; California A, 5%c per
lb; half -barrels %c more than barrels, and
boxes %c more.
RECEIPTS Oy PRODUCE.
For Monday. June 18.
Flour, qr sks ... 13.860 1 Straw, tons 10
Wheat, ctls 1,190 Hops, bales 69
Barley, ctTs 80 Wool, bales 213
I Butter, ctls 240, Eggs, dor 12.660
' Cheese, ctls 41 Leather, rolls ... 112
Tallow, ctls 285 Wine, gals 22,000
Beans, sks 28 1 Quicksilver, flak. 50
Potatoes, sks ... 2,257 Hides, no 414
Onions, sks 828 Pelts, bdls 335
Bran, sks 4,675 1 Sugar, bags 300
Middlings, sks .. 930! Lumber, ft 15,000;
Hay, tons 397lRaislns, bxs 2,920
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 6 984 Bran, sks 8,741
Wheat, ctls 800 Middlings, sks .. 84
Oats, ctls 240 Hay, tons 10
OK BOON.
Bran, nks 1.492 Hay. tons B0
Barley, ctls ..... 4,660 Flour, qr sks ... 25,923
Wool, bales 567 Wheat, ctls 6.030
Hops, bales 57 Millfeed. sks .... 2.255
Potatoes, sks ... 1.627
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 1.6001
UTAH. —
Hay. tons 101
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was no change in mining stocks as
usual yesterday, and sales were few and small.
Trading on the Bond Exchange was unusu
ally small, and there were no fluctuations
worthy of note.
Weekly reports from the leading mines are as
follows:
Con. Cal. & Va.— 1550 level— From north
drift skirt ing along the footwall from the
incline upraise at a point 178 feet on the
slope above this level. 70 feet in from its
mouth, east crosscut No. 3 has been advanced
14 feet, passing through porphyry streaked with
quartz, the latter assaying 50 cents per ton;
total length 105 feet. From the incline up
raise No. 1 at a point 112 feet above the sill
floor of this level from the south drift at a
point 230 feet in from its mouth, an upraise
has been started on the east side of the drift
and carried up 10 feet, passing through por
phyry and quartz assaying from $1 to $12 per
ton. 1650 level— From incline upraise No. 1, at
a point 60 feet above the sill floor of this level,
from the south drift skirting along the foot
wall, which is in a total length of 178 feet, we
are repairing and retimberlng the drift. 'Are
also repairing upraise No. 2 from this level up
ward. From the old east crosscut on the sill
floor of this level, at a point 93 feet in from its
mouth, from the upraise carried up 15 feet
above the sill floor from the north end of the
openings from the upraise carried up 28 feet
we have worked east and north through streaks
and bunches of ore. from whioh we have ex
tracted 7 tons of ore assaying per mine car
samples $3fi 65. We have also extracted from
this part of the mine 23 tons of low grade
ore, the assay value of which per
samples taken from cars, was $8 62 per ton.
1750 level— On the eighth floor from the up
raise an east crosscut has been started and
advanced 26 feet through porphyry and quartz
assaying from $2 to $6 per ton. The total ex
traction of ore for the week amounted to 7
tons, the average assay value of which per
car samples taken from cars at the surface
was $3« 20 per ton.
From the official letter from the Sierra Ne
vada mine the following brief extract is taken:
During the week "•• have stoped out from the
fourth, fifth and sixth floors 42 mining carloads
of ore. The average car sample assay at the
mine was. gold $21 65. silver 8.32 ounces. Hauled
to the Nevada mill during the week 70 tons and
1125 pounds of ore. the average battery sample
assay of which was, gold $26 92, silver 8.82
ounces, per ton. This closes our second run,
which consisted of 1255 tons and 1626 pounds
ore, the .verage battery sample as
say of which was $54 61 per ton. Have stopped
extracting ore. We have been engaged part
of the week repairing the tunnel and track.
Brunswick lode. Consolidated CaJifornia and
Virginia, Best & Belcher and Gould & Curry,
600 level— The Joint south drift from the station
has been advanced 15 feet; total length, 839
feet; face in bard porphyry. The shaft has
been sunk 11 feet on the incline; total depth,
1125 feet: bottom in hard porphyry. The joint
east crosscut started in the south drift 600 feet
from the station was advanced 12 feet; total
length, 36 feet; face in porphyry and quartz.
Sutro tunnel level— Joint north drift from the
Sutro tunnel has been cleaned out and repaired
a distance of 15 feet. At this potnt the face of
the old drift was reached and it was advanced
7 feet In new ground; face in porphyry; total
length, 122 feet.
Occidental Consolidated— The official letter
for the past week says: Have completed re
pairs to track and chutes and are now running
ore to the mill. Expect to start the mill In a
few days.
The following companies had cash on hand
June 1: Alpha Consolidated, $1012; Andes,
$2093- Alta. $1122, with hills payable of $2000;
Belcher, $326; Best & Belcher, $9881; Bullion.
$2410; Caledonia, $8527; Confidence, $1179; Con
solidated California and Virginia, $4645; Con
solidated New York. $156; Chollar, *3£>. with
bills payaffle of $5779: Crown Point. $2iii:i; Con
solidated Imperial, $1725; Exchequer, $270;
Gould & Curry, $4148; Hale & Norcross,
$6511; Julia Consolidated. $1917: Justice, ?f.f,t;
Mexican, $6829: Occidental Consolidated. $."71
with bills payable of $1000; Ophlr. $5677; Over
man, $2103; Potosi. $794, with bills payable of
$1000; Savage, $30; Sierra Nevada, $25.2 M; Seg
regated Belcher, $310; Silver Hill. $Sf>7, with
bills payable 0/ $1300; Standard Consolidated,
$52,102; Syndicate, $071; Union Consolidated,
$3347; Utah Consolidated. $1147.
The La Suerte Gold Mining Company of Ne
vada County has levied an assessment. No. 10,
of 24 cents per share, delinquent July 9.
BTOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. June 13—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Is quar c0up.. 10941114 Pac Gas Imp. »64 —
4s quar reg...108 IGSV4 Pac L Co — 50
Is quar new...121\122% S F G & E... 87^ S7»4j
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3ii 3%
Oal-st Cab 58.114* — Stock Gas .... 12 —
Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance —
2 C Wat 55... 101 — FirenVs Fund. lßs —
Dup-st ex c... — »Bft Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65. .127%— Anglo-Cal ....55 65
F&CI Ry 68.113H — Bank of Ca1.. 243 245^
3eary-st R ss. — 98 Cal SD & T.. 974 99
HC & 3 5ft5..100 105 First Nat ....202^210
L A. L Co 6s. — 100 Lon P & A... — ISO
Do gntd 65.. — 103 Mer Exchange 10 15
Market-st 65. .126 — Nev Nat 8... .1524160
Do Ist M 55.. 113^114 Savings Banks-
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 974 Ger S ft L..1560 —
SCNii Ry75.103 - Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 65.. 1074 — Mutual Say. — 424
N Ry Cal 58..10014— S F Say U.. — 500
NPC R R 68.1014 — S& L 50.... — 100
Dale Gas 55.... 100 — Security S B 250 —
Do M la 05.. 109 111 Union T Co. loo* —
Om Ry 65.....124% L Street Railroad—
P & O 65.. ...108%- California ....107 108
P&CI Ry 6s. 109*112 Geary 40 —
Powell-«t 65...118%120 Market-st ....53% 64
Reno 'VL&L..IOO — Presidio 6 8%
Sac Elecßyas.loo — Powder—
6F& N P 65.107%109 California ....107 108
3ierraACal 6s. — 103 E Dynamite .85 —
S Pof Ar 65.. 105 105% Giant Con Co. 46 46%
S r Cal 6b.... — 113 Vlgorit .... 2% SVA
SPC Is eg 65.. 94 — Miscellaneous—
SPBr 68 11l 113 Al Pac Assn.. 93% 93%
S V Wat 65... 116 117 Gen Ld Wks..llo —
3 V Wat 45....101%101% Hana P C 0.... 10% 11
Stock Gas 65.. — 103 H C & S Co.. 23% 23H
Water Stocks— Hutch S P Co. 50 50%
Contra Costa.. 66 68 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Marln Co ..... 50 — Nat Vln C 0... — 7
Spring Valley. 99 99% Oceanic S Co. 59% 61%
Gas & Electric— Pao A F L>.... 1% 2&
rent Gaslight.los — Pac Bot C 0... .101 —
VTutual El Co. — 11% Par Paint Co. 1 —
Oakland Gas.. 48 60
Morning Session.
100 Spring Valley Water 99 25
175 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar -23 25
10 do do s 30... 23 25
60 Oceanic Steamship Co 60 00
135 S F Gas & Electric C 0..... 87 50
Afternoon Session
6 Alaska Packers' Association ........ 93 50
65 Spring Valley Water 99 25
60 Hawaiian Commercall & Sugar 23 25
60 do do b 5..... 23 25
6 Market-street Railway -~~ 53 50
• 5 do do ..63 62%
20 S F Gaslight 3 25
5 Hutchinson S P C 0..... 60 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
80 Hawaiian C & 3 Co , .~..... S3 E0
10 Oceanic Steamship Co _~._.~ 69 00
Afternoon Session
60 Hawaiian C & S Co 13 IS
10 Oceania Steamship C 0,.........™... 60 50
10 do do ........„_ .......... «0 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales tn th» Baa Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 06 100 Ophlr M
100 Caledonia ....... 18 20 ............ 20
200 Chollar .......... 09 800 Overman 06
700 Con Cal ft Va-. 35 1 100 Savage 05
800 Gould & Curry.. 101 300 Sierra Narad*.. 65
Afternoon Session.
600 Union Con 18 100 Beg Belcher .... 05
100 Belcher - 06 200 06
250 Con Cal & Va.. 35 50 Sierra Nevada... 68
100 Gould & Curry- 10 300 Union Con 17
200 Ophir 23 100 Yellow Jacket... 19
700 Overman ..—.... 06
Following were the sales In th« Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 0« 1000 Overman ...... 06
200 Best & Belcher.. 17 200 Potool 10
200 16 200 11
500 Con Cal & Va.. 85 360 Savage 05
200 Gould & Curry-. 11 300 Sierra Nevada.. 66
200 .... . 10 300 65
600 Mexican ._ 11 200 ...... 64
800 10 500 Union Con 18
400Ophtr 25 300 Yellow Jacket... 19
Afternoon Session
1000 Alta 06 1 500 Justice ...._.. 05
300 Belcher 06 ; 200 Mexican 11
200 Best & Belcher.. 161900 10
300 Bullion 03 100 Ophir 23
100 Con Cal & Va.. 36 300 Sierra Nevada.. 54
200 Crown Point ... 09 200 57
300 10 200 Union Con 17
400 Gould & Curry.. 10 700 Yellow Jacket... IS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. June 13—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. I Bid-Ask.
Alpha ......... 02 03 Justice ......... — 05
Alta 06 08 Kentuck — 06
Andes 05 07 Lady Wash .... — 02
Belcher 06 07 Mexican ....... 10 11
Benton Con — 04 — Occidental ..._ 65 70
Beat & Belcher. 16 17 Ophlr .........^ 22 24
Bullion — 03 Overman ....... 05 06
Caledonia 17 19 Potosi „ 11 12
Chollar 08 09 Savage 04 05
Challenge Con. — 17 Seg Belcher .... 05 06
Con Cal & Va. 35 36 Scorpion — 02
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 56 59
Confidence — 33 Silver Hill .... — 06
Crown Point .. — 10 Syndicate ...... — 03
Con New York. — 02 Standard 1601 55
Eureka Con ... — 20 Union Con 17 1$
Gould & Curry. 10 11 Utah 04 06
Hale & Norcrs. 75 78 Yellow Jacket. 18 20
Julia — 01
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
T. T. and Henrietta G. Williams to Patrick
O'Neill, lot on S line of Vallejo street, 145: 7 tt
E of Laguna, E 22:9 by S 107:6; $10.
Estate of Archibald Jackson (Insolvent) (by
S. A. Bouctln. assignee) to Charles F. Doe, lot
on E line of Middle street. 112:6 S of California,
S 50 by E SS; $42.
C. K. Lamb to same, same, quitclaim deed;
$10.
Lulu V. and J. C. Bothin to Judah Boas, lot
on W line of Pierce street, 100 S of McAllister.
S 37:6 by W 112:6; $100.
Daniel and Ellen Einstein to Michael Kelly,
lot on W line of Lyon street, 55 S of Oak, S
25 by W 95, quitclaim deed; $10.
James H. Lyons to Auguste Poll (wife of
DiMrich) and Francesca Albert (wife of H.),
lot on S line of Waller street, 131:3 E of Stan
yan, E 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Frank J. McGulre to Mary E. Rheehan, lot
on NW line of Howard street, 80:11% SW of
Lafayette SW 26 by NW 90; $10.
Pacific. Loan Association to Charles T. and
Margaret Oberg, lot on W line of Collingwood
(Sherman) street. 316:4 N of Nineteenth, N
13:." Vi by W 125; $2250.
Margaretha Kusel to John H. Kusel, undi
vided half of lot on S corner of Fifth and Ship
ley streets, SE 25 by SW 75; gift.
Waiter S. anJ Frances Jamieson to Harry
Reigie. lot on W line of Twenty-seventh av
enue. 250 N of Clement street, N 134:3, S 81
degrees. W 120:7, S 122:2, E 120; $10.
Percy and Emilie S. Beamish to Annie Mlt.ro
vlch (wife of Mark L.), lot on SE oorner of
Point Lobos and Tenth avenues, E 32:6 by S
1(W; $10.
Sigmund and Flora Greenebaum to game,
same: $10.
Solomon and Pora Getz to Anna E. Shattuck
(wife of Charles A.), lot on E line of Eightenth
avenue, 186:6 N of C street. N 47:4, E 120, S
46:9. w 120; $io.
Charles A. Shattuck to same, same; $10.
W. V. and Marie L. Huntlngton to Frank
J. Mayhew, lot on B line of B street, 32:6 E of
Tenth avenue, E 25 by S 100; $10.
C. S. and Emma J. Long to C. S. Long Com
pany (a corporation) lot on W line of Forty
fifth avenue. 225 N of T street. N 100 by W
120; $10.
Walter H. and Mamie P. Mayers to Anne J.
Mayers, lot 39, block F. Lakeview; $10.
Lewis M. Emerson to William P. and Eli
zabeth I. Foster, lot 4. block A, same; $25.
William P. and Elizabeth I. Foster to John
Nightingale, game; $25.
T. R. Davies to Robert Davies. lot on SE
corner of D wight and Glrard streets, 8 100 by
E 120, lot 8. block 8, University Homestead;
gift.
William I. Stone to Mary E. Roche, lot on
SW line of Twelfth avenue, 300 NW of N street,
SW 100 by NW 50. lots 11 and 12, block 250,
ON. and H. Tract: $6uo.
William I. and Elizzabeth H. Stone to same,
lots 11 and 12. block 250, same; grant.
Alameda County.
Martha G. Bailey to George M. Sheldon, lota
4 to 7, block 6, Central Park Tract, Berkeley;
$10.
Robert C. Rlegg to Addle C. Rlerg, lot on B
line of Humboldt avenue, 93:1 S of Derby
street. S 46:6. E 150, N 44:10. W 187:6, to be
ginning, being lot 5, block R, Leonard Tract
Berkeley; gift.
George S. and Jennie Gates to T. B. Draper,
lot on N line of Jones avenue. 100 E of Chest
nut street. E 50 by N 141, being lot 8, block 14,
Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
A. M. S. Prescott to Arthur G. Forster, un
divided % Interest in lot on SE line of Fremont
avenue, 590 NE of East Fourteenth street NE
50 by SE 137, being lot 14, block B. Corrected
Map of Linda Rosa Tract, Brooklyn Township
s2o.
E. M. and Jennie A. Smith and Edward X
Taylor to Jennie Gates (wife of George), lot on
N line of Eagle avenue, 69:2 W of Willow
street. W 34:7 by N 120. block 13, lands adja
cent to Encinal, Alameda; $10.
Manuel R. Pinheiro to Maria L. Pinheiro
lot on S corner of D and Second streets SE
109 by SW I*2. block 12. Town of Haywards
Eden Township; gift.
David McCarron (executor of the estate of
James McPeake to Joseph W. Llndeham. lot
on S line of Twenty-elehth street. 265 E of
West. E 50 by S 100. block 2024, Whitcher
Tract Map 2, Oakland; $775.
Sadie I. Regan to City of Alameda, lot 83
Encinal Park Tract, Alameda; — .
— • — ♦ «■ "—" —
T"HS> CAM, CAt,ENDA3t
June, IS9B.
We
1
Th.
3
9
Moon's Phasea
(I
15
6
IS
<
11
18
35
©Full Mooo.
June 4.
€La«t Quarter,
June 10.
jjjt New Moon,
Vs/ June 18.
18
23
■Si
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Oeodetlo Survey
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE. — The hi«h and low waters cccur at
the cKy front (Mission-street r/harf> about
twenty-five minutes later than at l'ort Pom::
the height of tide is the same at both places.
JUNE— IB9B.
Tuesday, June 14.
Sun rlssg 4:47
Sun sets 7:33
Moon rises 1:22 a. m.
1 1 Time
JL W,
Time Time
1 Feet. Feet.
LWj jH Wj ..
I'M] . 2.6 i 8:07 5.7
. 2:20 2.9 8:45 ,5.8
3:02 3.1 l 9:20 5.8
i 3:42 3.2| 9:54 5.7
4:23 <' 3.4 10:28 5.7
|L W!
2:24
3:12
3:56
4:35
5:11
1.2 9:12!
O.S 10:061
0.3 11:01
— 0.1 11:50
—0.4 12:33
1.l
4.1
4.
4.:
4.:
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides arc civen In th» left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day in the order of occurrence as .0 time. Th«
second time column give* the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column (rives th«
last tide of the day, except when there are but
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes tha height,
given are additions to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a mlnu sign (— ) precedes the helghth.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Pomona I
Chllkat
Burma j
Crescent City ..
Mackinaw
Homer
Umatilla
Arcata
Bcotia
Orizaba
Washtenaw.. ..
Bristol
Oregon
Santa Rosa
San Juan
Newport
North Fork
Coos Bay I
Queen
Columbia
City of Puebla . |
jSan Diego
Eel River
iNanaimo
Portland
Crescent City
Tacoma
Newport
Victoria & Puget Sound
Coos Bay
Humboldt
JHumboldt
• II
el*
cIS
-13
I 13
c 15
16
elB
f 18
BIS
•17
el 7
817
sis
MS
513
! !3
•19
i SO
'21
>a
in
Tacoma
Comox
Portland
San Diego..-
Panama ••-
Panama •».
iHumboldt
! Newport
Victoria & Puget Sound
Portland
(Victoria & Puget Sound |
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I
Columbia ..
Cleveland . . '
Coos Bay...
Fulton
Humboldt .
Walla Wlla
Moana (
Pomona ....:
Chllkat
Rtate of Cal
Homer .......
Curacao (
Belgic I
Arcata
Orizaba ....
Oregon
Umatllla ...
San Juan...]
Santa Rosa :
North Fork.,
Portland
'Alaska
Newport
AiasKa.
Vie & Pgrt Sd.|
[Sydney
]San Diego —
Humboldt
June 14, 10 am '
June 14, |
June 14, 9am
June 14, 10 am
June I*, 6 pml
June 15, 10 am I
June 15, 10 pm
June 16, 11 am
June IS, 9 am
June 17, 10 am
June 18, 9 am
June 18, 10 ami
June 18, 1 pm!
I June 18, 10 am
June 19, 10 am ..
June 20. 10 am :
June 20. 10 am ]
June 20, 13 m:
June 20, 11 am ]
June 23, 9 am
•
:
Pier 1J
I
Portland
Newport !
(Mexico
China&Japan|
Coos Bay I
Humboldt....
Portland ,
Vie & Pgt Sd.'
jPanama ]
San Diego f,
Humbolflt |.
-
NOTICE TO MARINERa
A branch of the United States Hy#ro*raph!<j
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is fj
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit ot 7
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit tn«
office, where complete >ts of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The timeball on top of the building on Tele
graph HIU is hoisted about ten minutei befor*
noon, and Is dropped at noon. lJOth meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day front
the United States Naval Observatory at Mar*
Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether th« timeball wai
dropped on time or giving the error, if any, la
published the same day by the afternoon papers
and by the mornlnp papers the fojowing day.
C. V. WELCH, Ensign. U. 8. X.. In charge.
TIME BAX.U
Branch Hydrogrrapfclo Office, TJ. S. N.. Mer«
chants' Exchange, Ban Francisco, Jnnn
13 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at nooon of th«
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m., Greenwich
time. C P. WELCH,
Ensign, U. 8. N., in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, June 13.
Stmr Indiana, Moil*, 4 days 6 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, 45 hours from San Pe
dro.
Stmr Mlnenla, David, 88 hours from Oomox.
Stmr Curacao, "Yon Helms, 14 days from
Guaymas, via Ensenada,
Brig John D Spreckels, Christiansen, 20 day«
from Mahukona. *»■-■"'
Schr Eclipse, Brummer, 4 days from Eureka,
Schr Jennie Thelin, Hansen. —days from
Grays Harbor.
CLEARED.
Monday, June 18.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, Eureka; Ooodall,
Perkins & Co,
Stmr Coos Bay. Hall, Ban Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Columbia. Goodall. Astoria.; Oregon
Railway and Navigation Co.
BAILED.
Monday, June 13.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. Eureka. a.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendoclno. , \T?
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, Eureka.
Stmr Newsboy. Ellefsen, Usa.l. with schr Lll»
and Mat tie in tow. l* r . ' ';">.," • ,
Schr Lila and Mattie, Fosen, Usal.
Schr Ida Schnauer, Nielson, Fort Bragg.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS June 13— 10 p. m.— Weather,
cloudy; wind, SW; velocity, 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Orient loads lumber at Seattle for Hon
olulu; W F Witzeman, lumber at Chemainuji
for Tientsin, 60s.
MISCELLANEOUS..
LONDON, June 11— Ger ship Othmarschen at
Cape Town May 20, from San Francisco March.
18 had lost sails and sustained damage to deck
work, boats and cargo In heavy weather when
rounding Cape Horn.
SPOKEN.
May 13— Lat 10 N\ long 27 "W. Br »nlp Arro,
from Antwerp, for Portland. W. Br «,p da*
April 17— Lat IS, long S8 W. Br ship Claa
Macfarlane, from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— June 13— Stmr Conemaugh,
for St Michael. „ "■
HARDY CREEK— June IS— Bchr Net
tie Sundborg. hence June °
KARLl'K— Arrived prior to May 18— Shi»
Santa Clara, hence April 23.
BRISTOL, B*Y— Arrived May 12— Stmr Prel
dent hence April 28. May 13-Shlp Bohemia,
hence April it May If— Bark Merom. henca
April 14. May 16— Schr Prosper, from Grays
Harbor. May 20— Schr Eureka, hence April 14.
May 7-Stmr. Thistle, hence April 21. May 21--
Bark Nicolas Thayer hence April 14; bark will
E Case, hence April 16; schr Premier, henc»
Apirl 29 May 14— Ship Oriental, hence April
16. May 15— Ship Indiana, hence April 14. May
18-Bktn Willie R Hume, hence April 20.
VENTURA— June 13— Stmr Georga
B*AT— Sailed June" 13— Stmr ArcaU, for
Sa ßEDONlX>^Arived June 13— Schr Alcalde.
fr ASTORIA4ai r WJune 13— Stmr State of Call
f°pno^Tf °p n o^T ANIELII-InbTy June IS-Shlp Henr,
Villard. from Seattle, for Honolulu.
VENTURA— June Stmr Georg*
Loomis. hence June 12. Fletcher. Cotom-
Haw stmr San Mateo, Fletcher. Comoai-
NEWPORT— June Stmr Coqulll*
R^u RE n A-A riv ce dlOd 10 12-Stmr ChiTlcat. hno
June 11; stmr Scotia, hence June 11: »tmr Pas
ad SS S ai l led fl Ju I ne 12^Schr Viking, for San Fran
cisco; schr Fortuna, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— June 13— Stmr Se
quota, hence June 12. ' ".^
WALSH LANDlNG— Arrived June 18— Schf
Ocean Spray, hence June 10.
TATOOSH— Passed June 12— Stmr Mackinaw,
from Tacoma, for San Francisco; stmr Alliance
from Seattle, for St Michael.
COOS BAY— Arrived June 12— Stim- Arcata,
bGßlysb GRlys n HARBOR-Sailed June 12-6chr CM
Thayer, for Redondo; schr La Gironde. for Re.
d °EUREKA-Arrived June 13-Schr Sparrow.ha
J1 POR 6 T LUDLOW-Arived June 12— Schr F a
R STtL E° - S A rri P v ed r0 June 13-^tmr Cottags
Cl SailedTune^-ltmr Roanoke. for St Mich.
aEUREKA-Arrivecla EUREKA-Arrivecl I.V-Stmr Westport.
hence June 11: stmr Bunol. hence June 11.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG Sailed June 13— Br shiplmber*
27-Stmr City oe
Panama,, from Acapulco. May 28-Stmr Saa
JU S a ANT A "ROs'ATIA-Arriv.d May 25-Br .hip .
M AeW cfsTLEr-NsT-f^d June 10-B,
.hirTriffnrd to load for San Francisco.
I Sailed May 14-Br ship British Isles, for Son
! FF F I ."i!MoVTH-Pai<sed June 11-Br ship Ver
! be LONDON- O Sai?e 00 d n - June 11-Br ship G TT.
'■ Wolff for San Diego.
i PAVAM May 24— Stmr Costa Rtca_
! for Acapulco* May 31— Stmr San Juan, for Sa3
1 F a rFENSTOWN-Sailed June 11— Br brk Earl
1 CadOßan. for Havre; Br bark Invermay, fo#
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 12— Br shl>
Ben Lee, hence Feb 15. June 13— Br ship Dur
bridge, from Portland; Br bark Glenclova, fna
! Tacoma.
SWANSEA— SaiIed June 11— Br bark Balmo
ral, for San Francisco; Br ship Madagascar
for San Francisco.
QIEENSTOWN— June Ital barJs
Orient*, for Havre; Br bark Inverlyon, for
Dunkirk. - -' - .a-~ •
FAT. MOUTH— June 12— Ger bark Pal
nwan. for Havre.
SWISS-AMERICAN BANK
Of Locarno, Switzerland, and
CALIFORNIA MORTGAGE & SAVINGS BANK,
524 Montgomery street. San Francisco.
Paid up capital and reserves *620,00 a
A General Savings and Commercial Banking
business transacted.
Interest paid on savings deposits.
Loans on approved real estate security and
on commercial paper.
DIRECTOR'S: 1
Ernst A. Denicke. A. Sbarboro. J. C. Rued,
E. Martinonl, F. C. Siebe, A. Tognazzinl, H.
Brunner, McD. R. Venable. J. C. Bauer, F.
Kronenberg, Chas. Martin, C. Ctehret, P. Togi
nazzlnl, 6. Graadl, G. RottaniLMENACED BY
AN INDIAN
MOTHER
BL; Contest to the
Franklin Will.
A lICH ESTATE AT STAKE
TW) WIDOWS AND MANY CHIL
DREN INVOLVED.
A Long Struggle Is Expected
tver the Possessions of the
Late Julius L.
Franklin.
T^o petitions will be filed with the
Cou ty Clerk to-day which will Intro
due a will contest involving the diptri
but n of at least 1500,000 and the fair
nar> of Mrs. Pauline Franklin, the
wid w of Julius L. Franklin, who died
aft : a protracted illness on the 18th of
I> mber, 1597. The petitions reek with
ser-vtlonal matter. The petitioners are
Be amin J. Franklin, Mollle Wilson and
Ea * Porter, the children of Julius J..
Fr klin by a former marriage with an
In lan woman, which, according to the
al ;ations of tho petition, was never dls
60' ed or annulled. Benjamin J. Frnnk
lii is represented by Felix 11. Merzbach,
ii Ille Wilson by Julius Solomons, Jo).n
F Riley and Crlttenden Thornton of
c mael.
V will was left by Franklin and in It
1j recognized the offspring of his first
rarrlage as his own children, but they
*ere practically disinherited. To remedy
' c alleged wrong done them they have
;ow petitioned the Superior Court to re
voke the probate of the will. The second
etition Is for the removal of Mrs. Paul
ne Franklin as executrix of the estate
it the decedent for false returns In the
nventory.
About three months ago two petitions
were filed by the attorneys for the con
testing heirs which foreshadowed the
contest of to-day. At that time The Call
published exclusively a story concerning
the existence of these chlidren by the first
maniaKe, which was then generally un
known. The Indian mother had disap
peared from public ken many years ago
and there was much doubt expressed
l'Uh as to the uncertainty of her exist
ence and to the locality of her residence.
The attorneys for the petitioners now
claim that Mrs. Mary Franklin is not
only living, but that they have been in
communication with her for several
weeks, and it is their intention to in
troduce her at the trial. It will be re
membered that Mrs. Mary Franklin, the
■r of the contestants, was Julius
Frinklin's first choice as a spouse. It
a daughetr of a Chinook chief-
Bin, that captivated the susceptible
when he was a trader In furs in the
tlvated and unsettled wilds of Brit
■ Columdia.
first sensation in the contest is the
ration that Julius Franklin at the
of th« making and signing of the
will w;ls of unsound mind and was mi
i mpet.-nt to make the will. The cause of
kindness is said to have been
'iisenpc, from which Franklin ha<l
red <'uring many years prior to his
o>ath, and which had, as it is averred,
akened him In mind and body, that
he was incapable of rational effort.
The second allegation in the petition is
of a more serious nature, and, if proved, i
v . make the children of the first mar- :
rhe Inw-ful heirs of the deceased. '
test reads that Julius Franklin
was married to Mary Franklin— she with
tod of a chieftain in her veins— in
that the marriage was never dis-f
iied. and notwithstanding
marital obligations he willfully de
ll and abandoned her in INTO. "This j
was the time when Franklin made sucn I
Iden change in his mode of living.
He then quit the forest, the hut and the
Indian camp, surrendering the freedom of
his open-air life for commercial pursuits
in Portland. With him he took his three
children— Lena Franklin, Benjamin J.
Franklin and Mollle Franklin— and the
rudiments of an education were
' them. The mother remained sur- '
rounded by the scenes of h<-r native heath
and the people of her tribe. Latterly she
drifted to Portland, where she now lives.
The marriage of Julius L. Franklin and
• Fnmkiin is spoken of in the con- S
La a pretended one. It recites how ,
■■'I, leaving his wife in igno- i
ranee of his own and his children's where- I
abouts, contracted another marriage. He'
then established a new home, to which he
brought the offspring of his union with
his first wife.
.As The petition reads, they were treated i
with great kindness until the birth of
the first child of this second marriage,
when a course of discrimination in favor :
of her own child was begun by Mrs. Paul
ine Franklin.
It is claimed that this 111 treatment
continued until the mind of the father
was poisoned against the children of the
flr«t union and his affections alienau-d
from them; that by means of a constant
srrjent the father was led to believe
that they were nndutiful. rebellious dls
obedient and lacking In filial affection.
Another Bensational charge in the peti
tion is ihut Mrs. Pauline Franklin re
peatedly threatened in the presence of
Mollle Wilson, one of the petitioners, that
if Bhe could help it. the latter would
- Inherit a dollar of her father's
money. All this oppression and opposi
tion, as staied in the papers to he Hied
•. culminated In the election of Mol
lle Wiison from her fa.aer's home. The
father was thereafter oollged to see his
daughter in secret, which he did on sev
eral occasions, confessing to her h in
ability to alter the condition of affairs
It is charged that all this expressed an
tipathy on the part of Mrs. Pauline
Franklin •■■■ by her desira to pre
<he heirs of Julius Franklin by his
first wife from inheriting any of their
father*
The second petition Is for the removal
of Mrs. Pauline Franklin as executrix.
In February of this year Mrs. Pauline
Franklin ss executrix named in the last
will and testament of Julius Franklin re
turned an inventory which showed an
of S2M3 In value. This the peti
r; assert is ridiculous, that the es
tate left by the deceased was at least a
half million dollars. It is alleged that
various largo interests in commercial en
terprises are not mentioned In the in
ventory at all. No accounting of the In
terests of Julius L. Franklin in the busi
f Franklin A Metzger is mentioned
and various other concerns In which
Franklin was known to have been a
partner.
With the filing of these two petitions a
legal war has begun for the effects of the
man. Which Mrs. Franklin the law
will uphold is a a matter of time and
Judicial ascertainment.
THIRTY PERSONS KILLED.
Buried Under the Ruins of a Col
lapsed Building.
CANNES, June 13.— A four-story build-
Ing at Bint, a village near here, collapsed
to-day. The full extent of the accident!
■ n ascertained, but It is i
estimated that thirty persons have been
Troops w<-re ordered to the scene
Hud are now engaged in clearing up the
debris and recovering: the bodies of the
victims.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, June 13. — Pensions
have been granted as follows:
California — Original, James Harden
bergh, Forest Home, $6; Isaac Lewis
Giles, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $6;
George W. Hale, ; Butte City. $8. r . In- ;
crease— Andrew J. Hudson, Oakland, ;$G
to 13; Abraham Van Winkle, San Jacinto,
112 to $17. Original, widow, etc. — Anna
£. Webster, San Diego, $12; Anna B.
Taylor, Los Angeles. $17.
Oregon— Original, Benjamin M. Donaco, i
Lebanon, $6.
Washington — Increase, Francis la
Jaunty. Shuwah. $6 to $8; .Joseph S.
Campbell. Hasseltine, $&.
CHIEF LEES
AS A JURIST
Passes on the Validity
of an Ordinance.
WILL NOT ENFORCE IT
REFUSES ASSISTANCE TO THE
LICENSE COLLECTOR.
He Will Not Arrest Offenders Who
Violate the Law Which
Regulates Chinatown
Guides.
The recently enacted ordinance requir
ing all Chinatown guides to pay a quar
terly license of $10 Is being openly violat
ed. The attention of Chief of Police Leea
has been called to the matter, but he re
fuses to act or lend any assistance to
License Collector Bonnet. Chief I^ees is
jealous of the record Bonnet has made
since he has been In the license office.
Bonnet succeeded Fred Lees, a son of
Chief Lees, and In consequence the of-
flee is being made to suffer. Since the
day Bonnet assumed charge of the office
he has not received any assistance from
the police department. While Fred Lees
was License Collector he had all the po
lice assistance he wanted, but Bonnet's
requests axe ignored.
Bonnet was instrumental in securing
' the passage of the law to protect strang
ers from being robbed and swindled by
opium fiends and vagrants, who infest
Chinatown and pose as guides. Upon the
payment of the license each guide is
given a number that he must expose on
his shield. If any complaint of extortion
or misbehavior is reported the license of
ficials know who the offender Is and he is
refused a renewal of his license at the
end of the quarter. The respectable
guides who pay the license are now bit
terly complaining because the law is not
enforced. Opium fiends and vagrants
continue to act as guides and are safe
from police interference.
Chief Lees will not assist in enforcing the
law because he believes It unconstitu
tional. It has generally been believed
that the duty o*. ne Police Department
was to enforce the laws as enacted and
allow the courts to pass on the question
of their constitutionality. Chief L.?es in
the present instance lias assumed the
right to pass on the ordinance ana his
decision Is that it is unconstitutional. Ex-
Judge D.J. Murphy differs, however, from
the learned Chief. When Bonnet com
menced the enforcement of the ordinance
Judge Murphy was retained to make a
test case. After a thorough considera
tion of the ordinance he gave the opinion
that it was perfectly constitutional and
that it would be a useless waste of time
to appeal to the Superior Court from a
verdict of conviction rendered in the
Police Court against one of the offenders.
Judge Murphy with his years of experi
ence, both as a practitioner. District At
torney and Superior Judge, is overruled
in his opinion by the senile Chief. There
is one consolation, however, and that is
that Chief Lees will shortly give way to a
Buccespor, who will be content with the
enforcement of the laws ana not set him
self up also as judge and jury.
"I know that some of the licensed
guides are complaining that the law is
not rigidly enforced, " said Bonnet, "and '
I am sorry to have to say that such Is
the fact. The Police Department will not
render me any assistance, and it is impos
sible for me to catch all the offenders.
When the law went into existence fifteen
of the guides came forward and paid their
licenses. I detailed two of my deputies to
go into the Chinese quarter at night and ,
cause the arrest of any and all guides
who had not taken out licenses. We ar
rested about a dozen of them. They
were all convicted and after paying their
fines took out licenses. We nave thirty
six guides now who are paying the license
and four more of them have filed appli
cations for permits.
"If Chief Lees would only condescend
to assist in carrying out the law it would
not take long to round up all the offend- :
ers. But that he won't do. He will not :
give me any assistance. He won't even
Instruct the patrolmen to arrest the of
fender* when they are pointed out by ;
my deputies. I have two deputies in
Chinatown until 1 o'clock every morning,
and if they see a guide who has not a :
license, they ask the policemen to arrest.
him. The Invariable answer i« 'You will
have to get a warrant.' I went to Chlei
Leea to ask him for assistance. The an
■wer he gave me was that the violation i
of the ordinance was only a misdemeanor |
and that a policeman had no authority j
to make an arrest for misdemeanor un- i
less the offense was committed in his (
presence. I would like to understand just
what the learned Chief understands by !
presence. If one of my deputies calls the
attention of a patrolman to a guide es- i
corting a party through the quarter, and j
that the guide is unable to show a license i
when asked for it by the patrolman, I
think the misdemeanor comes pretty close '
to being committed in his presence. The j
Chief has some peculiar ideas, however, i
and a peculiar way of doing things. Why
he should take upon himself the respon- [
slbility of passing on the constitutionality j
of the ordinance is something- I cannot
understand. I am seriously handicapped
by the refusal of the Chief to lend me i
needed aid in enforcing the law, but I
Will continue on, doing the best I can
under the circumstances. I trust and
hope that the new chief, whoever he ]
may be, will show more consideration for |
the license office than does Chief Lees." |
"I think the law is unconstitutional," I
said Chief Lees, when questioned about
the matter, "but still If the License Col
lector swears out warrants against the
delinquent guides I will have them
served."
Refused to Testify.
As was expected, the cases of John
Joseph Sehl of Seattle and Charles Ham
mersmith, charged with shooting at each
other at 242 Post street, were dismissed
by Judge Mogan yesterday. Suhl was
put on the Btand and refused to testify
against Hammersmith, and Hammersmith
followed suit when asked to testify
against Sehl.
Missing Soldiers.
Bergeant Osborn of the First Nebraska
regiment asked the assistance of the
police yesterday In finding two members
of Company M. They are Privates Beer
bauer and Amos Kellogg. They left the
camp Saturday at noon and the la«t time
they were seen was Saturday night at
Mission and Third streets, while consid
erably under the Influence of liquor.
He Wants a Divorce.
M. Skanea has applied to the Superior
Court for a divorce from his wife, Mary
Skanea. As a cause of action the plaintiff
alleifea cruelty.
MURDERER BOWLES
TAKEN INTO CUSTODY
UKIAII, June 13.— Patrick Bowles, who
shot and killed his brother-in-law, C. S.
De Spain, and fatally wounded James
Sklffington near Comptehe yesterday, has
been arrested. He was found at the
house of a friend near the scene of the
double homicide. #
Further particulars of the crime were
received here to-day. There was a dance
at Peterson's Hotel on Saturday night,
and Bowles, De SpaJn and Skifflngton at
tended. At the supper table Bowles and
Skifflngton got into an altercation and
they left the dining-room to fight It out.
In the hallway Bowles struck at Skifflng
ton with one hand and drew a revolver
with the other. De Spain attempted to
prevent Bowles from uning the weapon,
but Bowles llred, the ball striking Skif
flnjrton near the heart. Bowles wheeled
and fired at De Spain, inflicting a wound
that proved fatal within five minutes.
Bowles and his wife have been at
Bwords' points for some time, and De
Spain took sides with his sister Un
rVmiitedlv last night's affair was the cul
mlnaUon of these domestic difficulties.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JCTtfE 14, 1898.
SPANISH LOSS
VERY HEAVY
Three Hundred Slain at
Santiago.
STORY TOLD BY INSURGENTS
VIEWED THE BOMBABDMENT
FROM A HILL.
Two Spanish Officers Killed and Sev
eral Wounded by a Shell
From the Gunboat
Marblehead.
Special Dispatch to Th» CalL
WITH THE FLEET OFF SAN
TIAGO, Wednesday, June 8 (via
Kingston, Jamaica, June 9. Delayed in
transmission.)— $200,000
worth of ammunition was expended on
Monday's bombardment, but apparent
ly it has not checked Spanish activity
on the earthworks.
On Monday afternoon the lookout men
| on the Brooklyn saw a boat approach-
I ing from a point about four miles west
of El Morro. The Vixen went out to
meet it and brought to the flagship
three insurgents, who asked for a ves
sel to shell a Spanish fort with which
the insurgents were then engaged near
i the shore.
The Marblehead, which had been do
: ing target practice, was sent on this
i mission and soon scattered the Span
j lards, with the result that the insur
i gents captured the Spanish camp, the
| tents and a quantity of ammunition.
I One of the Marblehead's shells killed
! a Spanish captain and a lieutenant,
i fatally wounded a surgeon and in
! jured several soldiers.
While the work of arming and feed
: ing the insurgents is pushed vigorously
j the Spaniards in Santiago are reported
! suffering from an incipient famine, and
! a Cuban officer off shore yesterday as
serted that the guerrillas were deserting
in force to the insurgents. Yesterday
I Lieutenant Commander Delehanty,
; with the gunboat Suwanee, armed 3000
i Cubans with rifles, ammunition and
• machetes. To-day he landed 3000 rr t fles,
i 30,000 rounds of ammunition, a large
i consignment of machetes, a quantity
; of medicine and several tons of bread
I and bacon.
The Cubans are very active, express
ing the greatest confidence and prom
: ising to maintain a close blockade of
I Santiago on the land side. The in
surgents represent their number as
- rapidly increasing. Certainly they have
shown their ability in the neighborhood
: of Guantanamo, where they have got
possession of the railway and telegraph
; terminus.
The insureents say they watched
Monday's bombardment from the hills
at the rear of Santiago and that as
many as 300 Spaniards were killed and
several guns dismounted. Terrible ex
ecution was wrought by the 12-inch
shells of the Texas. If their statement
can be relied on the Spanish garrison at
Santiago is on half rations and the
town itself is even much worse off. the
military authorities refusing to sell cit
izens provisions at any price.
On Sunday night, June 5, Ensign
Palmer took the New York's launch on
harbor picket duty and another launch
was sent from the Oregon. Ensign
Palmer was obliged to go wlthip 150
yards of the batteries. The Spaniards
opened a heavy fire, but Palmer kept
his position, regardless of the shells.
His orders were not to go nearer than
a mile from shore. Ensipn Palmer and
the crew got back safely. When Ad
miral Sampson heard of the shooting
he said to Palmer:
"You were ordered not to go nearer
shore than a mile."
"Those were my orders." replied
Ensign Palmer, "but sir, I was also
told to see that no torpedo boats came
out. With only two boats I could not
be sure that none came out unless I
went right under the batteries."
The admiral replied: "You were per
fectly right, Mr. Palmer. That's the
kind of stuff of which officers of the
UniteQ States are made."
GERMANY MAY CALL
DOWN_SAN DOMINGO
Decided Objection Made to the Con
fiscation of a Mercantile House
at Monte Cristi.
Copyrißhted. 18SS, by James Gordon Bennett.
CAPE HAYTTEN, Hayti. June 13.- j
President Heureaux of Santo Domingo ,
has imposed a fine of $200,000 on the mer- ;
cantile house of General Jiminez at Monte i
Cristi. The German Consul has protested !
against this confiscation of property, nnd i
it is reported a German warship has been ,
ordered.
«
Confirmed by the Senate.
WASHINGTON, June ir?.-The Senate
in executive session to-day confirmed
these nominations:
I.iiioien E. Kellogg, to be Receiver of
Public Moneys at Waterville, Wash ;
Henry H. Ellis of California, Consul at
Turks Island, W. I.
Postmasters— California, R. A. Kd
monds, Hakorsfield; Arizona, George W.
Chc-yney, Tucson.
The Senate rejected the nomination of
O'Hrien Moore of Texas to be additional
paymaster In the army.
A Hunter Fatally Shot.
SANTA BARBARA, June 13.— George
Gutierrez, a son of Don Jose Gutierrez,
the famous native authority on weather
prospects, while hunting at Elwoods Bun
day afternoon slipped nnd fell. Ills gun
was discharged by striking across the
bridge railings and he was fatally shot.
He died late last night.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, June 13.— J. Kahn of San
Ftanclsco is at the Imperial. C. S. Daly
of Eureka is at the Park Avenue.
THE NEW SUB-TREASURER.
Julius Jacobs Will Be Installed In
Office To-Morrow.
The United States Sub-Treasury will be
turned over to-morrow to the new Assist
ant Treasurer, Julius Jacobs, and the in
cumbent, C. P. Berry, will be retired to
private life. The transfer will be made by
a special committee coming from the
Treasury Department at Washington.
This consists of United States Treasurer
Ellis H. Roberts, Assistant Cashier G C
Bantz, James A. Sample, chief of one of
the divisions In the Treasury Department,
and Theodore F. Swayne, the chief citric'
It will be remembered that last January
President McKinley nomli ated Julius Ja
cobs, who is In the insurance business at
204 Sansome street, for the position of As
sistant Treasurer in this city, and the
nomination was confirmed by Congress In
April.
The formality of turning over the office
to me new official will be very short, but
the winding up of the affairs of the In
cumbent will take time. In this Sub- 1
Treasury is something over $40,000,000 of
all denominations and the weighing and
counting of all this will take the special
oommlttoe something over a month. Not
until this is completed will the transfor
be fully consummated. As the office is
under civil service rule there is no fear
among the present force of employes and
clerks that they will be removed. In fact,
It Is said that the new Assistant Treas
urer will not have a Bingle appointment.
EAGER TO GO
TO THE FRONT
Healdsburg Men Here to
Enlist.
WOULD WAIT NO LONGER
LOOKED IN VAIN FOR A CALL
FOR THEIR COMPANY.
Relatives and Friends of the Volun
teers Gather at the Depot
to Bid Them
Farewell.
Bpeciai Dispatch to Th« Call.
HEALDSBURG, June 13.— Twenty
members of the Healdsburg Volunteer
Company left this morning for San
Francisco to enlist, having become tired
of waiting for a call to go as a com
pany. Five others went down yester
day for the same purpose. A large
gathering of relatives and friends was
present to bid them farewell. Hon. J.
W. Rose of the G. A. R. delivered a
patriotic address to the departing
volunteers. Captain Hooper of the
local company accompanied them.
SEATTLE, June 13.— For several
years past the War Department has
maintained a recruiting Btation in Se
attle, which the adjutant-general has
Just ordered discontined. Lieutenant
Parker has been in charge of the office
since last May. He will leave for San
Francisco to-morrow to join his old
troop (G, Fourth Cavalry), now at the
Presidio. Local military men hold that
the department, having urgent use for
all its trained men, preferred to aban
don the recruiting work here, at least
for "the present, and to depend upon
obtaining soldiers when they are re
quired through the agency of the State.
DENVER, June 13.— Colonel T. Wain-
Morgan Draper has received private
information that his company of en
gineers will be assigned to the Third
Battalion, Second Regiment, United
States Volunteer Engineers, stationed
at the Presidio, San Francisco. This
advice, though not official, is trust
worthy. The company is full and there
are enough extra applications to found
a second company upon. The men are
good, both mentally and physically.
Colonel Young, qommander of the Sec
ond Regiment, will visit Denver in a
month to make final arrangements for
the company. Colonel Woodhull will
make the physical examination of the
men within a week.
LOS ANGELES, June 13.— Lieutenant
J. W. F. Diss of Battery D, Heavy Ar
tillery, opened a recruiting office in the
armory here this morning. He wants
fifty-two more men for Battery D, and
it seems that many more" applicants
will be had than can be taken.
NEW YORK. June 13.— The Astor
mountain battery of artillery broke
camp to-day at 8 p. m. and left for San
Francisco, en route to the Philippines.
TWO VESSELS
ARE MISSING
Fleet of Stern-Wheelers
Meet With Disaster.
NINE COME IN FOR REPAIRS
THEY WERE FITTED OUT FOR
THE KLONDIKE TRADE.
Indians Bring News of the Probable
Loss of One of the Boats
in the Yukata.
Rapids.
VICTORIA, June IS.— The steamer
Lapwinp, which just returned after
having landed her cargro at Alert Bay,
she having been compelled to abandon
her voyage to Wrangel on account o-f
the bad weather experienced In Queen
Charlotte Sound, brings news that the
eleven Btern-wheelers built at Seattle
by the Moran Bros., which started
about a fortnight ago for St. Michael,
have been badly battered up in Queen
Charlotte Sound by the inclement
weather. Nine of them have returned
to Port Alexander, where they are now
anchored and their crews are endeavcrr
ing to make repairs. Two are missing
and, notwithstanding the fact that a
lengthy search was made by the tuga
Holyoke and Resolute, which were con
voying the stammers, it is feared that
they have met with disaster.
Three of the nine vessels at Port
Alexander— the Pilgrim, G. K. Grunt
ler and D. R. Campbell— have broken
their steam pipes and, with the other
vessels, have suffered considerably.
The steam schooner Albion was with
the fleet. Captain Caven of the Lap
wing says they will be obliged to- return
to the sound for repairs before again
essaying the arduous voyage. From
Cape Mudge he brings news that the
Indians there report that a stern
wheeler was lost in the Yukata Rapids,
but their Information was extremely
hazy, and he places no credence In the
report. _____________
COLONEL FINIGAN
ACCUSED OF PERJURY
Warrant Issued for the ex-Turfman's
Arrest at the Instance of
His Wife.
BAN RAPAEIv, June 13.— A warrant was
Issued to-day for the arrest of Colonel P.
A. Finipan, the "millionaire pauper," on
a charge of perjury. The colonel's wife,
who is suing him for divorce and alimony,
is the complainant. Finigan was In San
Francisco and the warrant was put into
the hands of an official, to be served as
soon as possible.
The complaint alleges that on May 17,
1897, the defendant appeared before At
torney J. \V. Cochrane, a notary public,
and swore in his petition to be adjudged
an Insolvent debtor; thai he was indebted
to C. C. Bemis, the San Francisco capital
ist, in the sum of $7000 borrowed money;
"whereas, in truth and in fact," reads the
document, "the said Peter A. Finigan
was not then or there or at any time in
debted to said C. C. Bemis in the sum of
seven thousand dollars or In any other
sum for money borrowed or upon any
Other account whatsoever."
To-day the Finigan case came up be
fore Judge Angellotti in another form,
that of. a hearing on Finigan's petition to
be released from further insolvency pro
ceedings. Judge Angellotti granted the
insolvent ten days in which to file his an
swer to the opposition of creditors.
ONE DIRECTOR
ON THE OCEAN
Vacancy on the Board of
the Blind Home.
NO SUCCESSOR TO SMITH
SUPEBINTENDENT HAYS IS
NOT QUITE AT EASE.
Would Like to See the Colonel's Seat
♦ Empty Until the Return of
the Troops From
Manila.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 13.
The regular meeting of the directors of
the Blind Home will be held to-morrow
night and there will be a vacant chair.
This vacant chair is causing considerable
anxiety to gome of the employes of the
institution, while Superintendent Jack
Hays does not feel any too comfortable.
Colonel Smith of the First Callornla
Volunteers, which is now about half way
to Manila, was a director of the Home
for Adult Blind, and it is not known
whether Governor Budd will appoint a
successor to him or not. In fact, the
Governor has not yet given any intima
tion that he has recognized there is an
actual vacancy. The present members
are John R. Glascocl:. Colonel James,
Attorney Shaw and H. O. Trowbridge,
who will take his seat for the first time
to-morrow. Colonel Smith is out of the
State and did not, so far as Is known,
make any arrangement regarding his of
fice during hie absence. If anything has
been done in the matter it is not known
to Superintendent Hays. As the position
of superintendent as of all other em
ployes depends on the votes of three of
the five directors, and as Mr. Trowbridge
will take his seat to-morrow, the pros
pects of there being still another director
Is one possessing great interest.
Mr. Hays Is of the opinion that the
Governor should not appoint a successor
to Colonel Smith, believing that his show
of patriotism In taking service in the na
tional army deserves all possible cour
tesy. The superintendent does not think
that Governor Budd will make another
appointment.
The business of the Blind Home, how
ever, is large and requires close personal
attention on the part of the directors. It
is a State institution, annually disburs
ing a large sum of State money. Under
these circumstances it is not considered
improbable that the Governor may deem
it necessary to appoint a full board and
take proper means to show Colonel Smith
that naming his successor was no dis
courtesy. As no one can tell how long
the volunteers may remain away, it is
more than likely that a new director will
be commissioned.
FUSION IN COLORADO.
Silver Republicans Yield to Senator
Teller's Wishes.
DENVER. June 13.— The Silver Repub
lican party's State committee to-day
adopted resolutions In favor of fusion
with the Democrats and Populists In the
coming campaign on the State, Congres
sional and Legislative tickets and ap
pointed a committee to confer with com
mittees of the other parties with this end
in view. This action was taken in ac
cordance with the wishes of Senator
Teller.
CLAIMS SELF-DEFENSE.
Weak Plea of a Wife Murderer in Los
Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. June 13.— George Vlg
nolo, who yesterday afternoon shot and
killed hla wife, to whom he had been se
i crotly married, made a statement to-day
j In which he says that he, shot In self-dc
! fense when she attacked him with a
! knife. The woman, however, was shot in
. the back of the head, and when the body
I wns found she had her gloves In her
■ hands and no knife was found.
OCEAN TRAV£T_.
m-tfA EpW \s> >v "Wednesday, June 15,
PM_PHf_l_ft a The P- Sm- R - MOANA
itßHlLsalls via Honolulu and
[•E,"* a ""*Au.-kian.l for Sydney
U™V Wf.lnesday, June 15,
Q^X I • >v at 10 p. m.
M^SVjfnMMfllSniD'J The sailing for Ilono-
GJIKHIUIIIU lulu June 29 ,8, 8 can .
«^s^ \yilf/Ull^- Lfne to COOLGAR-
! DIE, Australia, and CAPE TOWN", South '.
Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
, 114 Montgomery st. ■
. Freight office — 327 Market St., San Francisco.
DIRECT TO PARIS, LONDON, HAMBURG.
IF. Bismarck..:! June 30| A. Victoria .'August 11
jF. Bismarck.... July 28, F. Bismarck.. August 25
TWIN-SCREW PASSENQER SERVICE,
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
Pennsylvania... June -25|Pret0r1a..........Ju1y 9
Palatia ..July 2|Patrla ......July 16
Hamburg-American Line, 37 Broadway, N.Y.
HEKZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast,
401 California St., cor. Sansome, San Francisco, j
Eva: Every afternoon about 5 o'clock I begin to gape and
yawn and I yawn and gape and yawn till bed-time. If
I nip one yawn in the bud the next follows almost im-
mediately and is bound to be a regular jaw-breaker.
May: I had such an experience myself one time, and I re.
member asking the doctor whether one should try
to keep from yawning, and he said no, that the act of
gaping gives to the blood more oxygen and acts by
mechanical pressure on the heart and lungs. If one
has chronic gaping it is a symptom which should cause
the affected one to look after her general health, for
it is a sure sign that something is wro'jg.
MRS. MOORE : It is pretty well understood that yawning is an
ailment that comes from indigestion or lack of tone in
the system and may be cured by taking a Ripans
Tabule before retiring. After a few days of this treat-
ment the tendency will disappear.
AUCTION SALES,
THE elegant fixtures of the newly fitted drug
store, 1520 Webster St., near Santa . Clara,
Alameda, . Tuesday, June 14, at •11 a. r m.,
comprising in .' part 7 : elegant nickel . show
cases, v, 400 labeled r bottles, 4 counters \ and
shtlvinsj, finished white and gold. 4 window
show globes, linoleum, etc., will be sold as
a whole or In lots to suit. J. A. MUNRO.
Auctioneer. « 1517 and 1519 Park St.. Alameda.
FORCED AUCTION SALE
Emporium Horse Market, 220 Valencia St.
THURSDAY.
Thursday, June 16, at II a. m.
By order of JOSEPH NASH, Mortgagee, we
will sell all the property of T. P. NEWELL,
who Js retiring from the livery business. This
stock consists of ;• Horses, Business Buggies
Open and Top ■ Buggies, Road Buggies, a fine
Slx-Seater, Hack, Rockaways, Surreys,
Wagons, Carts, • Harness of all kinds, etc., etc
This sale is positive. ■ No reserve or limit.
For further particulars Inquire of JOSEPH
NASH, IS Post St., or of
SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
Live Stock Auctioneers.
Office. 827 Sixth st. ....■«•
/'XBr, Gibbon's Dispensary,
#j» JsJct 625 KEARSfT ST. Established
fiSri S .*>» in J * 5 * for the treatment of Private
SskJ[&t: / jsf\ !>isP:isi-s, Lost Manhood. Debility or
s|<2&^Vti§ts» disease wearing on bod van it mind and
'i-SS^^w*^ Skin DlswiSfS. Thedoctorcureswbe'ii
■SfiMifiKnHi others fall. Try him. Charges low.
ttSfiEScsShttlS <'«!•<■.'*. Riiaranf «•«•«!. Cull orwrite.
Dr. J. *-. ««IBKor». Box 1957, 5 an Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. '
kw Steamers leave Broadway i
•Irfe-r.^. wharf, San Francisco.
ls^SBw*k. or Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
' BW i r»4w?'?* June r> - 10 - 15 ' 20 - 25. 30, July 5,
1 BtfcEnjH'ii transfer at Seattle. '
BKB9 or Alaskan ports (from
1 &ttJtirtrf<&Ptri Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
Jj^^H9™lH June 5, 26, July 17, August 4. ■
25, transfer at Portland, Or.
: ""* • For Victoria, Vancouver (B. I
C), Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett,
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. |
m., June 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, July 5, and every j
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with '.
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. j
Ky., at Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver
with C. P- Ry-
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m.,
June 1,1, 13, 19, 25, July 1, and every sixth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz; Monterey, San Simeon,
Carols, Port Harford (San Lull Oblspo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, '
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and i
Newport, 9 a. m., June 2, 6, 10, 14, IS, 22, 26, 30, j
July 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port . Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port |
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m., June 4, 8, 12, 16. 20. ! 24, 2S, July 2, and j
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del I
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa- |
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. June. l 7, i
July 2.
For further : information obtain folder.
• The company reserves the ; right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates ,
a ri.' htttrn nf pallinp.
TICKET OFFICE -4 New Montgomery;
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco. :
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARC SI2 First Class Including BertH !
. rMllt. $8 Second Class and Meals.
; SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia June 5, 14. 23
State of California June 8, 17,' 26 i
Oregon ..... .......June 11. 20, 29
| 6t. Paul .....»16 OOiSt. Louis $32 00 '
! Kansas City .... 26 001 Chicago 27 50
Omaha ........... 26 001 New York 3100 ;
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630- Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generals Transatlantic
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North
i River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <IjFoLIS
l by this line avoid both transit by"2wK*B3s- !
i English railway and the discomfort of crossing
| the channel in a small boat. New York to
! Alexandria Egypt, via Paris, first-class. 1160;
! second-class,' $116.
LA GASCOGNE.... June 18, 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE.. June 25, 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOONE July 2. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE July 9, 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE ....July 16, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to •
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent,
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
3. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.) I
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:S0 p. m. ;
Sundays 10:80 a. m. and 8 p. m, |
; . Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier S.
Telephone Red 224 L |
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD^ ;
» Via Snusallto Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May 1. 1838.
: WEEK DAY&
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo, *8:00, ;
•9:30. 11:00 a. m.; '1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 6:16. •6:00, j
6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays. Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
p. m.
BUND AX'S.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »B:oo, *9:00. |
•10:00. 11:00, 11:30 a. m.; 1:00, *1:45, »2:30, *i:W. >
5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley. ■
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
• THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'n*. i
8:20 p. m. Saturdays — and way sta'ns. '
6:15 p.' m. week days • (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and
way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations. :
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'n.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
•oiTlir,lC.ll rACIHC COMPART.
(PACIFIC HVSTBIM.)
Train* |e»T« unit «r«» dn« to arrive •*
NAM rHA ««:■*«'©.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) ■ g
tSAVt — From Juh« 1. 1898. — abmti
•6:00 a Nlles, San Jose »nd Way Stations... •*=***
7:00 a. Benicia, Suisun »nd Sacramento. ... I«:4Sa
7:00 a MarysTille, OroTille and Bedding t1»
Woodland. V.... ......... *"*!
7:00 a Vacarille and Rum5ey.. ........... Si«i-
7i3Oa Martinez, San Kamou, Vallejo, Naps, .. _ -
CalUtoga and Santa R05a......... •'"'
8:00 a Atlantic Impress, Og'len and Hast.. Bi«f
Si«Oa Nll«s, San Jose. .Stockton, lone,
Sacrameuto, MurysTille, Chlco,
Tehama and neil UhiH. .i'!2 p
•8:»0a Peters, Milton, Oakdale *7!I»r
»»OOa New Orleans IC»i>roKS, Mercad, Fres-
iio,"Uakeral!e;u,' Santa Barbara,
I^>B AiiKoles, Doming, Xl l"aso, _
New Orleans and Ea5t.......i.... ' ••***
lOiOOa Vallejo. Martinet and Way Stations ' ! *»'
•l:OOr Sacramento Kiver Steamers .X ,? p
....... San Jose, NUes and Way Stations. . . J»« I»A
8:00p Lirermore, Meiidota, Hanford and
Vlsalla... .'........ *' 15 *
....... LiTunnore, San Jose, Nile* and Way •■ • - _
BUtions.... I]? 1 !-*
Fresno, Yosemlte, Merced. Martinez 1 8:1 OF
4:OOi- Martinez. Hau Ramon, Vallejo,
Niipa, Oalistoga, Xl Verano aud
Kantallnna 9ll »*
4:00* Baulcia, VacaTille, Woodland.
Knights Landing, MarysTille, Oro-
Tilla »u«lSHOrmneiito...; .- l J*t5 A '
4:80p Nlles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7«l or
4 :80p Stockton, Lodi, Oakdale (James-
town for Yosemite), Merced.....:. l»ilo>
4:Bar Lathrop, Modesto. Merced, Berenda
(Raymond for Yosemlte), Fresno,
' Mojave, Sauta liarbara and Los
Angeles.... 7«4»A
t 4iB»p Santa Ke Route. Atlantlo BipreM
for MoJaTe aud Kast.... 4 *'
O:OOp Knn>peau Mail, Ogden and Kast.... •_•»*** j
•6:OOr Va11ej0....... 1*:»»P
6iO«p l!u.irar<l». Nlles ami Han .Tow 7:4»A
; f!:«Op Vallejo, Port Costa and Way 8t»- „
tions... i»i4»»
8:0»r Oi.-Knn Hxiirnis,Hacriiinento, Marys-
»illo, Re.l.llMd. I'ortlan.l, rn«e* m ~_
: > ' So.m.l ami Kant 8:18*
SA> LtAMiKU AM» UAVWAHDS LOCAL.
' (Foot of Market Street.)
"I JlflroKO, Nrinliiiirr t'ark, ( ''I**-'
8:OOa Htrhbiirir, Klmliumt. '** : **f
,»•»»* San 1,e,,...1r0,50 "•:*»* :
! Ui'Vok Irf»mlro, EstadllU, |* s «p
1I2:'oom ' Loren*o, Cherry ■ fit43p
<»:oop and- J2.-I.ip
iiioop llaywards. i t3i4ar
7:WOp < Rims through to Nile*. T:-*3p
• J t From Nlleg. I
' COAST DIVISION (Narrow Gauge).
(Foot of Market Street.) '
J7:45a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Crux
and Principal Way Stations t»»»&' .
BilSa Newark. (Jen terTillr. Ban Jose, FMton,
- Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
' Stations... 5«SOp
•2ilsp Newark, Centerrille. San Jose, New
Almadeo, Felton, Boulder Oreek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way s
Stations .......' MOiBOa
4:1 Sp San Jose, Glen wood k Way Stations B-SOa
«4:18p Boulder Creek and Santa Cm 5.,.,.. J«HBOA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ton SIS mKCISOO— of Mirktt Strut (81it I)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *2:00 t3:M
•4:00 tB:OO »6:00r.u.
frtmOilUlD— F««t if Brsadwiy.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00
■ tl2:00 *l:00 »:00 *3:00 t*:QO *C:OQr.H.
' COAST DIVISION (Broad Uaage). ~~,
(Third and Townsend 3U.)
•7:00 a Han .lose and Way Sutinna (New
Ahnaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....... I»3Op
{7:30 a Sunday ' Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cms, Pacific GroTe and
Principal Way Stations JB:SBp
0:OOa Han .lose, Tree Finos, Hanta Oriu.
Paoillc drove, Paso Rubles. San
. l.uih Ob!si>o. Gimrtului>e, Surf ami
Principal Way Stations 4»1«r
f«t4OA Sail Jose ami Way .Stations. *8:OOa
11:Uha San Jose anil Way Stations *SiB3a
*ir.43rSau Mateu, Redwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, ffeota Clara, San Jnee,
Ullroy, Hollister, Santa Ortiz,
Salinas, Monterey and PaciSe
OroTe , MoiBoa
•8:SO San Jose and Way Stations «0:OOa
•4:1 5 San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:45 a
*3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
9:30 p San ,1 me ami Principal Way Stations . 5:30*
O::»»p San Jose anil Way Stations v 7:30r
♦ 11:45 p Ban Jose and Way Stations 7:3»J»
A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon.
* Sundays exeepted. t Sundays only, t Saturdays oAf
I Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Snndaya.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO,
Every Day Pullman Palace 6!eepinft Cen|
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Time i
t«ave Ban Francisco. 4: 3o p. m., B.M.T.W.T.F.K
Arrive Denver ...a.B:00 p. aa., W.TF.B.B.M.TJ
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.VT,
Arrive St. Louis. 6:15 p. m., T.F.B.S.M.T.W,
Arrive Chicago. ...... 9:00 p. m., T.F.S.B.M.T.W;
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Servo Superior Meals at Very Reasoa*
able Rates.
yOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa P*>
Ml FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE— §44 MARKET SI
Chronicle Building. Telephone Main IMO.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
Ban Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
. Tiboron Ferry • Foot ot Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN T.AFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:55,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:80, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 8:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between ' San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
some : schedule as above. . -
■ .Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
April 23,
Week ! Sun- IS9B. Sun- J Week
Days. I days. | Destination, days. Days.
7:30 am! " 8:00 am Nova to, 10:40 am 8:40 am .
3:30 pin 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pmi 10:25 am
5:10 pm| 5:00 prri| Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
Fulton. • * -
7:80 am Windsor. ' 10:25 am
Healdsburff,
Lytton, • , : .
Geyserville,
3:30 pm| 8:00 am Clovardale. 7:38 pmf 8:22 pm
I:au am Hopland and 10:25 am
B:So_pm &:00 am Uklah. l 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
"7730 am .■ •••-•• ■•-.'"" 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerne villa. 7:35 pm ■■
3:3o_prn ; ■ 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 ami 8.40 am
and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:10 pm| 6:22 pr>
7:30 am S:ijoami SebastopoL 10:40 am:10.25 am
8:30 pm] 5:00 pm | 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
terville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs. '
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda .Bay, Lakeport ami Bartlett.
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper ;
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Lierley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights,
Hullvllle, Booneville, Orr's Hot Springs. Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal. _
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets ' at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle bldg.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. . Agent.
_ ; : . .—:. — : -~ ~
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY,
From June 1, IS9B, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed . Mixed Passen-
ger - Sunday Sta- Sunday ger
Dally. Exc'ptd tons. Exe'pt'd Dally.
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 pm 5:40 pm
9:10 a m 12:50 p m -Merced 12:50 p m 3:53 pin
10:40 a m 3:50 p m Fresno 9:30 a m 2:20 p m
11:35 a m 6:45 p m Hanford 7:45 a m 1:25 p m
- 2:45 p m 11:50 pm f B'k'rfl'd 2:30 a m 10:15 am.
12:05 p m 7:50 p m -Vlsalla 6:40 a m 12:55 pm .
""stopping at intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats ot.:
California Navigation and I Improvement Com-
pany, ; leaving San Francisco and Stockton at I-
p. m. daily:;- at v Merced with stages to and
from Snelllngs. Coulterville, Yosemlte, etc:
also; with stage from Hornltos, Martposa, etc. t
at Lankershim with stage to and from Madera.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausailtb Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing May ■L ; :
1898: ,-■• ■ • ■ ■ ...-■■.. -..*■:*•- ■
Week Days— a. m 1:45 and 5:16 p. m. •-
Sundays— 9:00, 10.00.. 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
1:80 p. m.
. . Round trip from Mill Valley, IL -
VHOB COOK A BON. Agents, 121 UarsM
Street. San Francisco.
910
BEER RIVER
WILL RUN LOW
Schooners Must Be of
Lighter Draught.
PACTOLIA'. STREAM DAMMED
WAR TAXES WILL MAKE MEN
MORE TEMPERATE.
Brewers and Tobacco Manufacturers
Notified by Collector Lynch.
That the Tax Begins
To-Day.
When the news came that President ;
McKinley had signed the war revenue i
bill yesterday afternoon there was a sen
sation principally in beer and tobacco
Some retailers of the nectar of
Gambrinus immediately placed orders for
new glasses cf smaller canbnr than those ]
then in use, in order to cut down the |
quantity of steam sold in schooners to a I
war footing, and the time of fighting will i
soon be indeed a time of thirst. In some '
resorts small caliber glasses were put In \
use yesterday, and they were a decided ;
disappointment to the beer-drinking pub- )
lie, for they are Disproportionately small ;
and will meet not only the war tax of a ■
dollar a barrel but enough more to pay |
ior a good free lunch thrown In.
Other beer retailers nave retained the old
schooners so dear to the sight of the
thirsty patrons, with glass bottoms weigh
ing about a pound and a half, and thick
all over in proportion. It Is a variety of
faith schooner, for the holder of it be
lieves that he Is getting a great Quantity ,
of the rt-iidish brown fluid which neither j
cheers nor intoxicates — much. In order
to meet the tax the head of foam In the :
glass, or the white military collar as it Is
called. Is higher than ever, and is known
as the maior's collar.
Cigars will be made smaller, and plug
CO will be no longer of the dimen- j
■iona of a brick. While it may not be ad
\isable to increase the retail price of the
articles toe revenue on which will have j
the honor of paying the expenses of the
Bpanish war. the quantity In the beer I
s or the tobacco bag may be les- I
sened. which will be equivalent to a les- j
sened consumption of the taxed articles.
• nal Revenue Collector Lynch and !
his office were as busy as bees yester- I
day afternoon in notifying the dealers
and manufacturers thnt the bill would go
fleet at midnight. Among the first
things done yesterday morning was a no- j
ition to the following effect:
To ''igar and Tobacco Manufacturers, First j
■pistri ■■ ita— -Please take notice that I
■■• new revenue law goes Into effect you I
remove ft'.ck from the factory until !
l [t paid at th» new rate, and you must J
have inventory M.-:rnps on hand for redemption. :
tfully, JOHN <\ LYNCH, Collector. i
Similar notices were served upon the
brewers and Inspectors were sent around
to visit the breweries and inventory the
stamps on hand, so that they might bo
exchanged for new stamps, the brewers
paying to the Collector the difference in
price.
A dispatch was received by Mr. Lynch
from the Commissioner of Internal Rev
enue notifying him that the new revenue
law would go Into effect to-day and In
forming him officially of the following
rates:
Beer, $- per barrel with T l^ per cent dis
count: tobacco, 12 cents per pound— two, three
and four ounce tobacco and snuff abolished and
1 2-". ounces anil 2 1 ' t ounces and 3 1-3 ounces
puhstltuted respectively: 1-ounce smoking; to
bacco provided; clears and cigarettes, over 3
poundF, $3 CO; cigarettes less, '! 50.
Collector of Customs Jackson was noti
fied by the Treasury Department that the
President signed the new revenue law at
3:03 o'clock in the afternoon and that all
tea imported after the* third day after
the signing of the bill shall be dutiable at
10 cents per pound.
UNITED EFFORTS TO
AID CHRISTIANS
MINISTERS MEET WITH THAT
PURPOSE.
Soldiers and Sailors to Receive the
Benefit of Religion While in
the Service.
With a view to keeping alive the spirit i
of Christianity that pervades the many
thousand soldiers now encamped at Camp ;
Merritt and Presidio, representatives from
the various religious sects, met in con- !
vention yesterday in the Y. -M. -C. A. !
building and succeeded in effecting a tem
porary organization. The society will be
known as "The U. S. Army and Navy
Christian Commission of California," rep- !
resenting all the evangelical denomina
tions, auxiliary to the commission of the i
Y. M. C. A.
At the meeting were the following dele- !
gates:
Brotherhood of St. Andrew (Episcopal)—
George S. Baker, George E. Bennett, H. R.
Brnt»n and I. C. McAfee.
Methodist— Rev. A. T. Needham, Rev. A. J.
B. 'Wilson and Rev. Dr. Locke, Dr. Bovard and
Dr. Hammond.
Christian?— T. D. Butler. Rev. H. D. Mc-
Aneney. Rev. W. A. Gardner. Professor A
M. Elßton and Rev. F. H. Ford.
Presbyterian— L'r. H. C. Minton. Rev. John
Hem^hill. Rev. B. S. Cryor and Rev. T. F.
Burnham.
Congregational— Rev. E. Lyman Hood, Rev
Phillip Coomb, Rpv. R. H. Kennedy. Rev. Mr.
McDnugal and Rev. F. B. Chsrinnton.
Raptist— Rev. E. A. Woods. Rev. George
Gibson. Rev. W. C. Jenkins, Rev. J. F. Moody
and Rev. J. F. Keetrh.
After Dr. H. C. Mintqn had been elected
chairman, and Rev. A. T. Needham sec
retary, the constitution, which ha/1 been
prepared by those having the matter In
charge, was adopted with slight changes.
On motion Rev. A. T. Needham. Rev J
F. Keetch, Rev. H. C. Minton. Marshall
Law and Rev. Mr. McDougal were ap
pointed a committee to nominate thirty
two prominent Christian workers to act
as an executive board. At the conclu
sion of the session, they adjourned to a
corner of the assembly room and each
of the six offered five names as his
choice, who were as follows:
Christian representatives— Rev. T. D. Butler
Rev H...D. McAneney. Rev. a. C. fimithers'
Rev. W. A. Gardner and Rev. J. A. Brown '
Baptists— Dr. E. A. Woods. Rev. C. m Hill
of Oakland, Rev. C. H. Hobart of Oakland E
P. VlninK and Mr. Stevens of Oakland
ConKregationalists— Dr. W. L. Day of Los
Angeles, Rev. G. E. Adams, X. P. Cole W W
Chase and H. M. TVnney of San Jose,
Episcopalians— Rev. William H. Moreland
Rev. David McClure. Major W. B. Hooper'
John J. Valentine and William Doxy. '
Methodists— J. D. Hammond ' Rev F
I). Bovard, Rev. E. R.DIIIe. Captain Goodali
and George D. Kellogg of Newcastle
Presbyterians— Rev. D. Edward Collins
Judpe C. W. Slack, Dr. 11. C. Minton Rev T v
F. IJurnham of Vallnjo and J. Hutchlnson. ' > '
Rolla V. Watt . will represent th.- Christian
EndPavorers. H. .1. McCoy the Y. M C. A
George S. Baker the Brotherhood of St." An
drew. E. P. Dennett the Epworth League and
J. A. Davis the Baptist Young People's Union
An adjournment was taken until Thurs
:it 2 o'clock, when the work of the
organization will be mapped out.
SENT TO PRISON FOR LIFE.
Theodore Park Haynes Sentenced by
Judge Wallace — Murderer De
nounces His Counsel.
Theodore Park Haynes, the aged slayer
of Police TJrutenant Burke, was sen
tenced to Imprisonment for life at Fol
fom by Judge Wallace yesterday. J. N.
E. Wilson, who represented the convict,
made' a motion for a new trial on statu
tory grounds. The court denied the mo
tfon, and then Judge Wallace, turning to
the prisoner, asked him if he had any
thing to say prior to the passing of sen
tence. Haynes arose and with tremulous
voice denounced his counsel, whom he
. charped with having neglected his case.
."They did not summon the witnesses I
wanted," he said. "All they did was to
obtain 'money by false pretenses." The
argument had little effect on the court, as
•oma.such outbreak had been expected
from the murderer, and sentence was then
passed.
On motion of Attorney Wilson a stay of
five days was p-.-anted the defendant in
order that h* might be taken to the
shanty In whlcn he lived to enable him to
gather up such articles as he considers of
value.
AGAINST CHINESE LABOR.
Efforts +o Have Soldiers' Uniforms
Made by Free White People.
Shortly after It became known that
Chinese were employed In the making of
uniforms for the soldiers who have been
called to the front. Labor Commissioner
E. L. Fitzgerald at the request of the
Tvorking men and women of this city sent
letters to several of the Pacific Coast
representatives at Washington asking
them to do all in their power to induce
the War Department to give the work to
white people. Yesterday he received the
following answers:
Dear Sir: Judge Mag-ulre has just sent me
your note of the 25th ult. regarding the em
ployment of Chinese labor, etc., in the manu
facture of clothing for our troops. I fully
agree with you, although If we are to annex
the Philippines, etc.. It Is hardly necessary to
make any serious kick, for we might as well
get ready for the future. However, holding the
views that I do upon all these subjects. I have
been able to vigorously protest against the em
ployment of such labor. There can be but one
Justification for It, viz.: the necessity of pre
paring the troops for the field, and I think you
have shown that there In nothing In that
claim, and your plain way of putting it ought
to help our people materially. Yours very
truly, STEPHEN M. WHITE.
TROOPSHIPS READY
TO PUT TO SEA
WILL MOVE TO MISSION BAY
TO-DAY.
A Dearth of Steamers Suitable to Tow
All the River Boats That Have
Been Built to the Yukon.
i
Everybody connected with the trans
ports China, Colon, Zealandia and Senator
will be glad when the sun sets to-night
, and the vessels are out In the stream.
The troops are to be marched to Broad
way wharf, where the Senator is lying.
Pacific street wharf where the Zealandia
is ready to go to sea and the Mall dock
where the finishing touches are being put
on the China and Colon, during the day
and as soon as the men are on board the
lines will be cast off and under their own
'■ steam the fleet will move down to Mission
! Bay, where they will anchor until the
; sailing hour.
On the China the question of a Caucas
ian or Mongolian crew in the engine room I
!is still being agitated. Yesterday several
i members of the trades unions were work
: ing In the matter trying to get the Gov- |
! ernment to send out white coal-passers ,
aiid firemen in place of the Chinese, but ;
with very little success. Captain Bea
liury openly favors the coolies. "The last
time we experimented with white lire
men," said he yesterday, "nearly all of I
them came aboard drunk ami we had |
[ half of them in irons for the nrst twenty
! four hours. The Chinese may not be as
good workers as the white men, but they
ure faithful."
Of the fleet that is to follow the China,
Colon, Zealandia and Senator little is j
known as to when It will get away. The i
City of Para is on the drydock and after :
being overhauled will go to the Mail dock ,
to be fitted out for the voyage to Manila. I
The Morgan City went on ttie California !
drydock yesterday ami as soon as she is
overhauled she will go to either Lombard |
street wharf or section 4 of the sea wall. |
The Ohio and lndia.ua will be accom
modated in the neighborhood of the Mor
gan City. The work of getting her ready |
will be rushed and If all goes well they |
may be ready to sail about the Mth inst.
"The Government has been making a j
great mistake in sending these vessels ,
away in bunches," said a well-known j
shipping man yesterday. "The Zealandia
could have sailed several days ago and j
she should have been dispatched at once. |
There Is only one wharf at Honolulu I
available for the transports to coal at.
Now If they go In a body each one has |
to wait on the other, whereas if the Zea
landia had sailed two or three days ago
she could have been coaled and out of the
way when tl.e China arrived. The next I
in would proV-ably be tne Senator and as i
soon as she was coaled the Colon would
Ibe the only vessel to wait for. By work
ing it in that way the troops would reach
Manila a week "earlier and Uncle Sain
would be a great saver on the item of ex- |
penses."
The bookmakers and gamblers who j
dally visit the Sausaiito poolrooms were
very much disgusted yesterday. In order
to get across the bay in good time the i
bookmakers guaranteed the North Paci- |
fie Coast Company $nO a day for a 12:30 j
p. m. boat. This has been running for |
a few weeks, but yesterday the JM guar- j
antee was not forthcoming, and President ;
Stetson at once ordered the boat taken
off. The order was issued at 11:30 a. m., !
and an hour later when the gamblers I
showed up there was no boat. There was
between thirty and forty of them, and
the railroad company was caJled Borne
hard names. Finally the tug Millie was
secured, and the entire party was taken
to Sausalito at 50 cents a head. The tak- ]
ing off of the 12:30 boat will be a big i
blow at the poolrooms as there is no boat
between 11:30 and l:4f> p. m.
Captain Howard of the Oceanic Steam
ship Company has been appointed su
pervising inspector of Government trans
ports. He will officially examine the
China, Colon, Senator and Zealandia be
fore they leave for Manila.
The ship Sterling, which left San Fran
cisco April 27 for the salmon canneries |
in Southwestern Alaska, was totally |
! wrecked in Bristol Bay on May 20. The i
following account of the disaster is from I
i a private letter dated Nushagak, May I
23: "We were shipwrecked last Friday, j
The Sterling struck on a bar In Bristol
; Bay and sank to her second deck. She
; had fifteen feet of water in her when the
| captain left her. All hands and the grub
[ and clothes were saved. The Sterling has :
I gone to her gTave with ibO tons of coal, |
57.000 empty cases for the canneries and
pome machinery aboard. She struck in
three fathoms of water and lies in two
fathoms at low water. Captain Anderson
was not to blame as the charts show from
• seven to ten fathoms of water where she .
, struck.
"The vessel had 142 Chinese and seven
: teen sailors, besides th-. captain, first and
i second mates, carpenter, cook, cabin buy
■ and the writer aboard, and they all grot
off without any trouble. The ship struck
about 5 a. m. Friday. The crew and pas
sengers had nearly 100 miles to go over
land to catch the steamer President to
continue the trip, and- some of the men
1 suffered from the cold. The steamers
President and Polar Bear went to the
wreck and saved what provisions they
could, but that was not much, as the
ship was breaking up."
There will be an exodus of river boats
for the Yukon during the next few weeks,
: and there will have to be some hard
; work done to secure proper steamers to
1 tow them. The Rideout went out in tow
of the Tillamonk. and the tug Rescue
took out the James Eva. while to-morrow
! the Dirigo starts oni with the City of
; Dawfion in tow. The latter vessel belongs
: to the Alaska Transportation Company
while the Diripo is under charter to the
California-Alaska Navigation Company.
j The combination name about through the
I delay in finishing: the transportation com-
I pany's steamer Aloha. As soon a* she Is
! ready to sail she will tow the California-
Alaska Company's river steamer Queen
of the Yukon to St. Michael.
Information has be'en received by the
1 Oceanic Steamship Company from the
: Postofflce Depart mr-nt that the mails for
dispatch by the Moana to Australian
ports will arrive tv-re at 5:45 tomorrow
evening, and the steamer will, therefore
sail at 10 p. m., Instead of 2 p. m.. as
! heretofore announced.
Her Mind a Blank.
Katie Collins, a girl 17 years of age,
, was picked up on Market street yester
day by Officer McMurray of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
and was taken to the Receiving Hospital'
Later she was sent to the City and Coun
ty Hospital. She could not tell where she
lived and all she could remember was
that her mother brought her Into the city
yesterday to take her to a hospital as
she was suffering from cramps, but ran
away and left her on the street The
girl 1b weak-minded, and It is thought
she has wandered away from home
The Liberian Republic.
(ieorge k.. *rench. F. R. G. S., gave the
second of his series of popular lectures
on Liberia In the Academy of Sciences
Hall last night. He devoted his time last
evening more particularly to a history of
Liberia as a republic. The lecture was
intensely lnterestine. Professor French
■ -win speak again next Monday night
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 14, 1898.
A CINCH IN
BALL PARKS
Central and Recreation
Controlled.
NEW PARK TO BE BUILT
A WEALTHY PROPERTY-OWNER
INTERESTED.
Trouble Still Continues to Be a
Feature of All League Meetings,
Notwithstanding Other
Reports.
BY JOE CORBETT.
Despite the fact that appearances
would indicate the relations existing be
tween the proprietors of Recreation Park
and the managers of the various teams
as being of a very pleasant nature, dis
sension and dissatisfaction have sprung
up between them very recently which
bid fair to terminate in the formation
of a new and independent league.
The trouble originated at a meeting of
the league representatives, held some few
weeks ago, and since that time has
gained such gigantic proportions that an
I open rebellion of the managers against
President Bert, Air. McNeil, who controls
Central Park and the Sixteenth md Fol
som street grounds, and Mr. Raver, who
| controls Recreation Park may be expect
led at any moment. It appears that an
: agreement had been made when the two
; leagues consolidated to the effect that
I should Recreation Park, after a fair trial,
i prove to be a frost, the games were to
be transferred to Central Park. It was
decided among the managers that a
change waa expedient, and so at a meet
ing of the board it was proposed that
Central Park be given a chance.
To the surprise of all It was learned
that Mr. McNeil had no time for base
ball, which when translated means that
! the proprietors of the only desirable base
ball parks in the city had combined and
that the teams must play at Recreation
| Park or not play at all.
Such is the difficutly confronting the
; poor, trapped managers vet they are not
Idle. Among them are a few who propose
1 seeing this thing to the bitter end, and
ilf necessary will withdraw from the
I league.
I learned at a meetinp of the league of
. flclals last night that a new and beautl-
I ful ball park Is to be constructed, front
ing on one of the principal street car
lines. The gentleman who owns the prop
| erty has signified his willingness to ex
pend hundreds of dollars in making the
I grounds the be.st in America, and If an
j agreement is not reached very soon be
' tween the league magnates baseball will
I again pass into oblivion, only however
1 until the new grounds are completed.
It certainly is to be regretted that after
; so much wrangling before the consollda
j tlon a new trouble maker should step in,
' just when things were about on a substan
i tial footing. The combining of forces
j will, I am afraid, prove a death blow to
baseball on the coast. People are sick
and tired of all this wrangling, and It
j would be well for that "combine" to heed
, the cry.
Then again It would be well for them to
' realize the danger of great opposition, for
I a new and grand park is soon going up,
I where players and managers will have an
I equal chance and the avaricious none.
His Wandering Boy.
The father of Robert McCarthy, 812
Page street, reported at police headquar
ters yesterday afternoon that his son had
stolen $25 from him and had gone away
with another boy, probably to the coun
try to pick fruit. Robert Is 11 years of
age and of dark complexion. The police
have been notified to be on the lookout
for him.
In the Divorce Courts.
Lizzie Hempstead was granted a divorce
from Frank C. Hempstead on the ground
of extreme cruelty yesterday. Cornelia
Kohlsaat was granted a decree of divorce
by Judge Hebbard from her husband,
Cecelio Kohlsaat, on the ground of ex
treme cruelty. The defendant was or
dered to pay Mrs. Kohlsaat alimony In
the sum of $20 a month.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, June 18.
Btmr Empln, Nelson, hours from Coos
Bay.
SAILED.
Monday, June 13.
Schr Nettle Low, Point Reyes.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived June 13— Stmr Mackinaw,
hence June 7.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived June IS— Stmr Fries
land, from Antwerp.
BREMEN'— Arrived June 13— Stmr Koenlgen
Luis. frr>m New York.
GIBRALTAR— SaiIed June 13— Stmr Aller, to\
New York.
SOI'THAMPTON— SaiIed June IS— Stmr Bar
barossa, for New York.
AMSTERDAM— SaiIed June 13— Stmr Edam,
for New York.
IIAMBI'RG — Balled June 13— Stmr Polaris,
for New -York.
ANTWERP— Arrived June 13— Stmr Western
lanrf. for New York.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived June 13— Stmr
Belger.lanil, from Liverpool.
Sailed June 13— Stmr Missouri, for London.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived June 13— Strr.r Kaiser
Wllhelm 11, from New York.
PAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o' clock.
887 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
«21 McAUister street; open until 8:30 o'clock.
«lo Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1841 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock,
1626 Mission street; open until J o'clock.
1605 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second ana Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M., .: ■ > .
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) . EVEN- _J\-
ING, June 14, at 7:30 o'clock. K. A. J\jK
degree. By order of the H. P. • i:'-W. '
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. & A. M.. . •
121 Eddy St., meets THIS •. EVENING. _J%-'
7:30 o'clock. Master Masons Invited. M^/T
GEORGE PENLINGTON.- Sec. l*r >
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. AA. M. •
F. C. degree THIS (TUESDAY) -JV-,
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. I&JX
A. S. ; HUBBARD. ■ Secretary. />T^
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30, F. and A. •
M.— Called meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _JV-
EVENi-sU. June 14. at 7 o'clock. - D 2. JR. If
GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary. /V\
ST. PATRICK'S Alliance of Amer- . 7/y\~
— Picnic committee meeting at K. rW»k
.R. B. Hall THIS (TUESDAY) /i|EM
EVENING.,' June 14, at 8 o'clock, to l^gr^
arrange : for • picnic at : Shell Mound ,?—*&-*'
Park, July 24. Business of importance >■
JOHN GANEY. Secretary-
SPECIAL * NOTICES^
THE public Is hereby i notified that I will not
be i responsible . for I any debts hereafter con-
tracted by .my wife. i Virginia Bettencourt.
. she having left my bed and board. M BET-
TENCOURT, Alameda, Cal. .
BAD tenants ■ ejected for $4; collections made-
> city or ■ country.: ■ PACIFIC •■. COLLECTION
• CO., 415 Montgomery: St., room 6; tel. 5580. . .-..,?
MISS A VIOLA BURWELL of : New Orleans,
' baths and massage. 1118 Market St., room 8.
MISS L. DEAN, 917 Market ;paflors 11 and 12.
Turkish baths and massage treatment.
MISS SHELDON, steam baths and chiropodist.
1021 Market st., rooms 9 and 11. 1 : '.N. .
ROOMS , papered ! from .%2 . 60, • whitened ,91 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d. .
MISS GREY, 12 ' Eddy . St., room '7, * alcohol and r ■
massage baths; hours 12 m. to 10 d. m. . ■
SPECIAL NOTlCES— Continued.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, expert chiropodist; genuine
electric vapor baths. 204 Sutter st.
ETTA RALPH, returned; thermal baths, mas-
sage. Parlors 1 and 2, 32 Turk st.
MRS. ALICE FAY, magnetic healer. 147 Pow-
ell St., room 2.
PEARL HARRISON and assistant, magnetic
treatment, massage. 120^ Geary St., room 2.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120V4 Geary st.. room 1L
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the. East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 17 Grant aye.. room 1.
MISS MYRTLE POTTER. 1021 Market, rm. 12.
opp. Baldwin; steam baths and massage.
ALVINE HALL and assistant: genuine cabinet
baths, liy, Turk anfl 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
situations' wanted- female.
REFINED Protestant infant's nurse desires
situation; best references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter Bt.
REFINED, middle-aged Protestant woman de-
sires situation: $12 to $15; good cook; best
references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
NEAT young girl desires situation at house-
work or as nurse- $10 to $15; references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS German waitress and seam-
stress desires situation; best references; city
or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
AWAITING situations — Several first-class
waitresses and chambermaids; also hotel and
boarding-house cooks; city or country. Please
call or send your orders to MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
A GERMAN house girl, 4 years at last place;
first-class cook elf" or country- MRS. NOR-
TON. Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau, 313 Sutter. Tel. Green 721.
GERMAN second girl first-class waitress and
seamstress; reference. MRS. NORTON. 313
Sutter st.
SWEDISH house girl, strong and willing.
housewt>rk or second work, $10 to $15. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
CANADIAN girl, best of reference, desires a
situation to do cooking and housework. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
RESPECTABLE housekeeper, not over 30, for
Washington. MRS. LAMBERT, 417 Powell.
DRESSMAKER, thoroughly competent, perfect
fitter and designer, etc., goes to families. $1 25
per day; reference. Address J. H. P.. 712
Golden Gate aye.
SITUATION wanted by two experienced women
as working housekeeper or chamberwork: city
or country. Call or address A. 8., 419 Stock-
ton st.
SWEDISH woman wishes any kind of work by
the day. 1215^ Mission Bt
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes a situation: no ob-
jection to the country; good references. 707H
McAllister st.. near Gough.
LADY wishes situation to assist In light house-
work. Call 2876 Sixteenth St.. near Howard.
TWO respectable girls want positions as sec-
ond girl and cook and general housework.
1007 Natoma st.. off Eleventh, between How-
ard and Mission.
YOUNG German girl, 16 years, wishes a place
to do light housework: wages $9 or $10. Call
at 29 Laskle st., off Mission, near Ninth.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants light house-
work; competent: city or country; references.
Call for two days 912 Howard St.
COMPETENT young girl for up stairs work
or waitress; best references. Please call 1208
Mission st.
YOUNG colored woman wishes work by the
day. Apply 522 Howard at., from 8 to 6 p. m.
GERMAN girl wishes situation as seamstress.
lady'B maid or companion; wishes to travel.
M. F. ( box 354. Call office.
DANISH girl wishes to do housework; $15;
33 Juniper St.. off Folsom.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes to
do cooking in the country; best references.
618 Mission Ft.
WOMAN: is a first-class laundress and cham-
bermaid; first-class references. Call or a«-
dress 927>4 Washington st.
GERMAN girl wishes position for upstairs or
light housework; wages $15. 1443 Jessie st
near Fourteenth.
YOUNG girl wants position tn assist with
housework or take care of child. Box 845.
Call office.
GOOD cook, best references; city or country;
will do plain waHhlng. 163 Julian aye.
LADY wants situation to do general house-
work. 91 Ninth st.
TOONG girl wishes situation to do light house-
w,w ,c rk .'.J' 1; ' in ,, c " oklnß> et °- B'm'lne at home.
fi2S O'Farrell st.
< '' (MPETENT housemaid arid seamstress
wishes a situation: city or country: good ref-
erences. M. L., 30 Lapldge St., near Nine-
teenth and Valencla.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation to do
or cooking. Apply 111H Polk st.
YOUNG girl for second work, sewing, assist
children. 510 Fell st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation for housework;
can do plain cooking; best of references;
wages $10 to $12. Apply MRS. HIRD r 631 Lar-
kl:i ?t. Telephone Sutter 52.
SITUATION wanted by an experienced Scotch
general house servant; good cook and laun-
dress; references. 1023 Market st., near Sixth.
FRENCH woman wishes a situation; can
speak goM English; general housework and
cook; goad references. 230 Montgomery aye.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do cooking
or general housework; good references. Ad-
dress 1309 Stockton st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, good cutter and
fitter, will work by the day; 75c and car fare.
622 Stevenson st.
DANISH girl wants situation to do general
housework. Please call at 983 Harrison at.
NURSE wishes a place as nurse to a gentle-
man nr lady; references exchanged. Box 356,
Call office.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes situation to do
housework; wages $12. 3722 Folsom st.
EXPERIENCED hotel housekeeper with beet
references would take charge of hotel or
rosider.ee; references: no objection to coun-
try. Box 379. Call office.
LADY wants position to do chamberwork or
take charge of house while family are gone
for summer. 1219 Mission st.
WANTED— By American widow, position as
housekeeper; good cook, seamstress and
laundress; references; city or country. 904
Capp st.
EXPERIENCED lady stenographer and book-
keeper desires position as private secretary.
Box 59.*, Call office.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 ft O'FarreU st. ; tel. East 42*.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY * CO.. 640 Clay at.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau; best help
promptly. 122 Golden Gate; tel. South 171.
YOUNG man, IS, residing with his parents,
good driver, two years' experience in car-
pet houses, wishes work; rtsterences. R. 8.,
308 Andover aye.
BOOKKEEPER wishes a few hours' work each
day aside from other work; has references.
Box 351, Call Office.
JAPANESE couple want situation; man to do
cooking, wife as househelper or nurse, etc. ;
city or country. Address F. M.. box 355, Call.
A NO. 1 manager and salesman wants situa-
tion either position; 15 years' experience as
buyer; can handle any line; best of reference.
Address box 363. Call Office.
WANTED— Position in dental office by senior
dental student. W. C. D., 17 San Carlos aye.
MARRIED man, age 30, desires work of any
kind; understands the care of horses, driv-
ing and all around work. Box 360, Call.
YOUNG man, understands work around pri-
vate place, desires position in city or coun-
try. Address box 685, Call office.
WANTED— By five young men positions on
ranch picking fruit or to make themselves
generally useful. Box 347, Call office.
STRONG young man, married, wishes work of
any kind; has worked in furniture and can
drive team. Address J. M., 229 Eighth St.
SHIP'S surgeon, M.D., 8.C., Cambridge Uni-
versity, England, L.S.A. London, M.D. San
Francisco, 2 years with P. and O. S. S. Co.,
wishes re-engagement on any steamer requir-
ing such officer. Box 360, Call office.
ENGLISH farmer, 2 years Eastern State ex-
perience In stockralsing and marketing, de-
sires position as ranch foreman; poultry a
specialty; valuable recipes; testimonials, ref-
erences. Box -359, Call office.
WANTED— By young man (German), kitchen
work, waiting, saloon or other work; city or
country. Address H. VIELITZ. 632 Mission
St., room 19.
GOOD cake baker and confectioner wants a
light situation on small salary. Please ad-
dress Confectioner, 1616 Stockton st.
BARTENDER wishes position in city or ooun-
try; good references. Address A., box 865,
Call office. '
YOUNG man with 10 years' experience as a
salesman wants position of any kind. Ad-
dress J. S., box 634, Call office.
YOUNG man, German, 28, experienced bar- j
tender, wishes situation; can serve drinks. C.
SCHMIDT, 26 Minna St.
WANTED— Situation as coachman by Engllsh-
; man; thorough all round man and servant;
i correct size. Address M. W.. 952 Valencia st.
SITUATIONS WASTED- Continued.
YOUNG man wants situation; any kind of
work; understands horses, cows, garden; ref-
erence. Add. J. A. McDONALD, 214 Third st.
MIDDLE-AGED married man of- experience
would like a position in wholesale house or
factory; handy with tools. Address C. A. F.,
Fruitvale postofflce.
AN opportunity to acquire actual business ex-
perience in bookkeeping with reliable firm,
by young man of 20; graduate of business col-
lege; $6 per week. Box 485, Call office.
ENGINE tender, experienced, with certificates
and testimonials, wants employment. Ad-
dresß H. F. N., 1059^ Howard st.
WORK wanted of any kind: a good painter and
paper hanger: knowledge of all building tools;
good man for property or real estate owners;
will work cheap for a steady Job. Apply H.
8., postofflce, Fruitvale, Cal.
AS poultry ranch foreman; many years' ex-
perience; valuable receipts; handy all klnas
of tools; best testimonials and references;
J. X.. 418 Mississippi st.. San Francisco.
EXPERIENCED rectifier and compounder of
liquors desires position; best references; mod-
erate salary. Box 560, Call office.
CHINESE sen-ants can be obtained at the
Metodist Gospel Hall, 734 Jackson at., near
Stockton.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c to $1 60 night; $1 BO to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
GIRL, light work, $12. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
INFANT'S nurse, $26. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
SECOND girl, country, $23. MISS CULLEN,
326 Sutter St.
REFINED nurse girl, country, $12. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
RESTAURANT waitress, $5 per week. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS, $30, private family. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, railroad house, country, $20. MISS
IuLLJEN, 325 Sutter st.
HEAD waitress, $20 per month; waitress, $20,
private boarding-house. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
WAITRESS, Alameda, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.
NEAT refined cook, young, $25, Santa Crust,
must wait at table, see party here. MISS
CULLEN, 826 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, light work. $15, no cooking.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
WOMAN with a child, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, country, $15, see party
here. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl or woman as companion to one
lady and light work, $10. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st-
COOK. $30; nursegirl, $25: second girl, $20.
MRB. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
RANCH cook, $25; 2 cooks, small ranch. $20
and $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl, llrht work, $12; 8 girls to assist
housework, no cooking, $10 to $12; housegirl.
2 In family. $15. MRS. NORTors. 313 Sutter.
WOMAN with daurhter 12 years old. $25; 2
girls, Alameda, $15 each, same house. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG Rlrl or middle-aged woman; country;
email family; see party here; $15 to $20. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
GERMAN chambermaid, $20; German or Scan-
dinavian cook, 2 In family, $25; Protestant
oook, $25; 3 G»rman and French second girls
and nurses, $20, and a great many girls for
cooking and housework. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
PLAIN laundress, small hotel; chambermaid
and waitress, resort. $20, see party here; 6
waitresses and chambermaids, $20. $25. $5 and
$6 week; 3 cooks, hotels and boarding houses.
$25; and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO
316 Sutter St.
HOTEL laundress, city. $25: institution laun-
ilr«!-s, $25: 2 waitresses, country, $20; cham-
bermaid to wait, $20; restaurant waitress,
country, $25: 5 restaurant waitresses, city,
$20 and |25. C. R. HANSEN i- CO.. 1»4 Geary.
FRENCH second pirl, $20; German second girl,
Alameda, $20; 2." housesirls. city and coun-
try, $15. $20. $25; neat nursegirl with refer-
ences, $10. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Deary.
GERMAN or Scandinavian laundress for an
institution, city, $25. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay at.
WAITRESS, nice country hotel, $20. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-686 Clay st.
NEAT woman for cooking, etc., private family,
Santa Cruz County, $2." to $30, see party here,
9 a. m. to-day; Protestant laundress, institu-
tion. $2'i; cook for the mines, $25. MURRAY
& READY. 634-636 Clay st.
LADY cashier and bookkeeper, grocery house;
2 clerks. 1023 Market st.
MANAGING matron for fashionable room-
rentfng house; 2 linen-room women; hotel
housekeeper. 1023 Market st.
NOTION and stationery saleslady: cigar stand
cashier; office matron. 1023 Market.
TEN experienced pickle packers; glass goods;
other shop help. 1023 Market et.
LADY'S traveling companion for vacation;
month's trip south; experienced. 313 Bush.
2 OFFICE matrons: laundry bookkeeper; law
office stenographer, $12. 313 Bush St.
MANAGING hotel housekeeper; young lady
for photographer's parlors. 313 Bush.
STENOGRAPHER with vocal talents to trav-
el; position of trust: references. 313 Bush.
AT the German Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT, 417 Powell st., girls of all na-
tionalities wanted to 1111 various positions.
COOK, country hotel, $35: 2 waitresses, same
country hotel, $20. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420
Kearny fa.
WAN TE©— Number of girls of all nationalities
to fill situations. MRS. HIRD. 631 Larkin st.
YOUNG German girl for general housework.
Bakery 776 Folsom st.
EUROPEAN cook, general housework, 2 In
family. Call before 10, 1342 Hyde st.
WANTED— GirI to do housework and plain
cooking in a small family. Call from 9 to
12, 1810 Laguna St.
WANTED— Young German girl to assist In
general housework. 1131 Clay st.
GIRL for light housework and to assist with
children. 844 Haight st.
GIRL for general housework, plain cooking;
steady place. 2122 Pierce St., near Clay.
GIUL wanted for general housework. Apply
2228 Clay St., corner Buchanan.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with children.
Call between 8 and 12, 1140 Webster st.
WAITRESS want*»<l at 60S Fourth st.
YOUNG girl wanted to assist with light house-
work; sleep home. 1140 Turk st.
WANTED — Girl for cooking and general house-
work. Inquire 1420 Sutter St., near Gough.
NEAT young Ifurseglrl with references, to care
for baby. $10. Apply 233 Third aye.
WANTED — Second girl; small family; suburb;
permanent home; moderate wages. Box 276,
Call office.
GIRL wanted to take care of a child. 1277
O'Farrell st.
YOUNG girl or middle-aged lady; light house-
work; good home; small wages. 716 Franklin.
WANTED — Girl who understands sewing
for a tailor. 857 Folsom st.
FOUR young lady solicitors; work pleasant;
big money. Address immediately, box 346,Ca11.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. Apply
838 O'Farrell st.
GIRL 14 to 16 years to assist In housework. 916
Fulton st.
AT the German Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT. 417 Powell ?t.. tel. Main 5332, a
number of first-class girls desire positions.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; wages
$20. ISOI Buena Vista aye., corner Union st.,
Alameda.
OPAL ring free! Sell only 16 stick-pin souvenirs
of war and the Maine at 10c each and we
give you free handsome genuine opal ring,
best gold plate, warranted two years; trial
*üb3crli>tlon to new ill. patriotic magazine
free with each pin; no money required; Just
send full name and address and say you will
return pins or money by mail within two
weeks. The Columbian, 34 Oliver at., Boston,
Mass.
GOOD finlshar wanted on custom coats. 410
Kearny St., room 33.
GIRL for general housework In German fam-
ily, $15 per month. 3401 Geary st.
LEARN dressma ng and millinery; positions
free: patterns 25c up. McDowell's, 10S Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School, 1079 Market
Bt. ; perfect fit; no trying on: trial free.
HELP WANTEBUJULE,
MAN and wife, country, $50. MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter st.
BELLBOY, $10 per month. MISS CULLEN 325
Sutter st.
SECOND butler, $26, country- MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
WANTED— Waiter, coffee house. $30; waiter^
oyster house, $40; waiter, chop house, $20;
waiter, plain hotel, $25; waiter, summer re-
sort, $20; potwasher, $25; dishwasher, $20;
porter, $26; young man for private place, $15;
cooks, $80 to $50; assistant barkeeper, $s a
week. ate. ANDRE'S, 318 Stockton st.
HELP WANTED— Conilnned.
2 SPECIAL carloads of 97 men
wanted to work for a great
mining syndicate; wages $2 50 day; no ex-
perience required; special reduced railroad
rates.
MURRAY _ READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
264 WOODCHOPPERS 268 tie makers
$1 60, $1 and 70c cord 80, 9c, lie each
for different parts of California.
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
DRIVER for country grocery store, $40; ace
boss here, 8:30 a. m.
MURRAY _ READY.
■ 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— COOK for Manila U. S. officers' crew
Also
12 cooks for different places, $60 to $25.
3 second cooks for different places, $30 to $20.
6 waiters for different places, $35 to $20.
3 waiter boys for different places, $20 to $15.
2 assistant bakers for different places, $20
to $15.
2 porters for different places. $20 to $15.
5 dishwashers for different places, $20 to $15.
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay at.
WORK In San Francisco^
36 laborers $1 75 and $1 60 a day;
25 shovelers $1 60 day:
15 teamsters $1 75 day:
6 two-horse teamsters $1 75 day;
8 choreboys and men $10 and $15;
10 laborers for city manufacturing company.
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
THREE fruit pickers. $20. MURRAY &
READY 634-636 Clay Bt.
A— TEAMSTER to haul wood, $28 and found;
2 stablemen, city, $35 and $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
TWO woodchoppers, fare POc —
tools, provisions, cabin, cooking utensils
furnished: willows: 4-foot wood. 80c cord.
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
LOOK here $44 and found per month;
15 common laborers for pick and shovel work
in a gravel mine, fare $1 95, Job steady, for
a corporation: wages $44 and found per
month; no experience required. MURRAY &
READY,
534-636 Clay st.
MINERS Miners Miners
25 gravel miners, $2 60 day; steady Job; for
a great bank and mining syndicate. MUR-
RAY A READY,
634-«3« Clay st.
COAST railroad Free fare
24 teamsters 4 horses $2 a day
15 teamsters 2 horses $1 75 day
25 dumpers $2 a day
16 wheel loaders $2 day
S. R. R. R., free fare
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 638 Clay st.
BLACKSMITH for country shop. $40 and found;
blacksmith to run a business In country-
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
NORTHERN railroad free fare
655 teamsters and $1 75 day
laborers $1 75 day
"FREE" "FARE" "FREE"
MURRAY & READY
634 and 636 Clay st.
A NEW railroad
264 two and four horse
teamsters $1 70 day
18 months' Job for a great railroad company.
——MURRAY & READY
634 and 638 Clay st.
HAYMAKERS Haymakers Haymakers
45 good men to make and pitch hay, etc.,
$26 and found, for different places near city.
MURRAY & READY
634 and R36 Clay st.
37 FARM hands
orchard and vineyard hands, $26, $25, $20 per
month and found, for different placc-s.
MURRAY & READY
634 and 636 Clay Bt.
6 MILKERS Mllkera -Milkers
8 butter-makers, $25 and $30 and found; 10
chore boys; men for ranches $10, $15
MURRAY & READY
634 and 636 Clay st.
\V v < ;r>N-maker for a ranch, $40 and found;
vegetable gardener, ranch, $25 and fonnd; 5
milkers, $30, $25 and $22 50, fare 50c; 2 stable-
men for a stage company, $25 and found; 5
farmers, $20: 3 farmers, $1 a day, fare 10c;
14 barkers and buckers, $35 and board; 45 two-
horse teamsters for railroad work, $2') and
board; 200 rockmen and carpenters for
Alaska, $3 60 a day and special reduced fares;
3 farmers, $17 60; 5 lumber pliers, $28 and
board. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FRENCH chef, $100: French chef, -country, $7S:
French second cook, $70; head and second
cook, small hotel, Oregon, $80: pantryman,
$20; glass pantryman. $20: porter boy. $15,
same country hotel: vegetable cook, country
hotel, free fare. $40; cook, country hotel, $40.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
BAKER and pastry cook, for a resort. $65 and
fare paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
MAN and wife, private place. $40. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
WAITER, $30; experienced laundry distributor,
$35. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Blacksmith for mine, $2 50 day; 2
carriage blacksmiths, $3 to $3 50; Job-
bing, blacksmith and shoer, $2 50; ranch
blacksmith, $35 and fo-nd: stablemen and
buggy washers; laundry .iian, $12 week; far-
mers and milkers, $20 and $25: fruit far-
mer and wife. $40; miners, $2 5n day; labor-
ers, $1 75 day, and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Restaurant waiter, $40; restaurant !
and hotel cooks; second butler, $20; bellboy,
$10, and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
"OPEN to the public"— Everybody kindly in-
vlted to investigate the only Membership
Employment Exchange on the Pacific Coast; i
If a member works a month, then leaves his
position, he may obtain another without ex- I
tra coat, and the very highest fee charged j
does not exceed 10 cents per week; this se- |
cures the facilities of 6 established offices, the j
combined efforts of 6 canvassers, special ad-
vertisements in the daily papers, and In
case of failure to refund money. Call and
See the lists of orders and talk with our can-
vassers at 313 Bush st. and 1023 Market.
BOOKKEEPER; German clerk; barkeeper; head |
waiters; driver; hotel porter. 1023 Market.
EVERYBODY who seeks to obtain positions as
bookkeepers, cashiers, collectors, salesmen
and clerks without publicity, chear^'v and
effectually, call at the Clerks' Headquarters, !
313 Bush st. and 1023 Market. I
HEAD bookkeeper, wholesale liquor house, at
onoe; 2 cellarmen: bottler. 313 Bush st.
RARE opportunity for a man with small capi-
tal ; control of business. 313 Bush st.
CLERK for storeroom: bookkeeper; shipper;
barkeeper: German grocery clerk. 313 Bush.
GENERAL tailor for country. P. GREEN- i
BERG & CO.. room 29, Flood building.
3 SHOEMAKERS on repairing and second- \
hand work. 756 Howard Bt. and 526 Sixth.
. I
BARBER wanted at 1999 Market st.
WANTED— An experienced dry goods salesman: ;
one used to all departments; state age and ;
where last employed; salary about $50. Box i
354. Call office. _
GROCERY clerk for Marin County; give full
particulars. Address S. M., Eastland P. O.
WANTED— lntelligent boy about 16 years old.
Apply 33 and 35 Battery St., upstairs.
WANTED— German cook for coffee and lunch
house. 32 Sixth st.
BOY to fold towels at LJck Laundry. 8 Hck
place.
BARBER— Steady; Wednesday evening, Satur-
day and Sunday. 2439 Mission st.
WANTED— Bootblack for barber shop. Xt
Fourth st.
GOOD young shoemaker with small capital;
run a shop. 3119 Sixteenth st.
WANTED— First-class short order cook; night
work. 15 Stockton st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1212H Polk st.
GOOD tailor wanted for bushellng at 626~C0m^
rnercial street.
SOLICITOR for dye house. 2160 Harrison nxT
Nineteenth.
WANTED— Second cook. 1191 Market at near
Eighth.
BUSHELMAN wanted at PAUSEN _ CO 'S
200 and 202 Kearny sts.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps, Unlt-»d States navy; able-bodied
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
30 years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their intention to become such; must be ' of
good character and hnhits and able to speak
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height. For further
Information apply at the recruiting offlce 20
Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade In 4 weeks. $15.
1542 Market st.
SINGLE furnished fine, large sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 100 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College, 13814 Eighth st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 26c a night; reading room;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling, 35c; only one price. 950 Howard at.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Assn Free Employm't Offlce. S.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
WANTED— Seamen and ordinary seamen for
Alaska, Puget Sound, Mexico, etc.; apply
Mariners' Home. W. W. LANE, 504 DavU at.
HELP ANTED— Continue
GOOD boy that has worked at shoemi leg on
the bench.. 638 Market st. in tasemen|._
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75cj«id \\
week. Llndell House. Sixth and How rd gt»,
WANTED— At - Montana House, -764% J Mission.
men to take rooms; Mic, 15c and pc p el;
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week. f
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sitter st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., belotr Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. l
STEADY man jln established, cash bsslnes.;
must have some money; no experience re-
quired. 1021 Market St., room 2. f
BARBERS' Progressive ' Union; free Jmploj^
ment. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; teh, Jessie 1164.
GOOD barber shop; must be sold to-day. Call
at 25% Sixth st., cigar store. - ;-
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay-Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
— AGE WANTED. \ *
AGENTS, investigate Scrlbner's Magazine pre-
mium offer; a sure winner. Call or -writ*
121 Phelan building. .'. I
Af *VTi for "Our Naval War With Spain" |
splendidly illustrated; only authentic book to
be published; free outfit now ready; actguiclc.
: National Pub. Co.. Lakeside bldg.. Chicago
"ROOMS" WANTED^ n
GENTLEMAN wishes large pleasant :«unny
room; good price paid. 313 Bush. _____
FURNISHED room with running water; prlv*
. liege of gas; references. 313 Bush. t
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTHD.
WANTED— home on ranch near city
for 10- year-old girl; Protestant family. Bos.
365. Call office. !
~ PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER in a well-located restau-
rant. O. LEUSCHNER, 235 O' Fan-ell it.
PARTY with few hundred dollars to go proi-
pectlng In California on • ground that la
known. 324 Hyde st.
FURNITURE W ANTED.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to IS Mont-
gomery St.: highest price paid. Tel. DavU 71.
"WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS. ?
WANTED— second-hand typewriter In good
condition; state price and particulars. Ad«
dress MISS MARGARET NIEL, P. O. bo<
2124, San Francisco. • ..- U
WANTED— round bottom tables and trot
dozen chairs good and strong, cheap; cash.
Seventh aye. arid D St., city. , I.
WANTED— Second-hand baby carriage; must
be In good condition. Address. H.. box *.
Call office, Oakland. I .
I WANT a safe scale stand desk, letter press.
coffee mill. Box 348, Call office.
PERSONALS.
PLEASE call 713 Third St., Oakland. MRS.
ADELINE MERSHEIMER HALL. |_
BRUNETTE boy and girl baby wanted tat
adoption In a good home. MRS. DR. FUNKE3,
1416 Eighth St.. Alameda. I
MATRIMONY. ___™^
THE Pacific 406 Geary— Only legimate matri-
monial assn. west of micago; details free.
MARRY— Money refunded if not suited within
8 months; send 12c for monthly matrimonial
paper and special terms. Address •'WEDDING?
BELL," 111 Ellis st. San Francisco. Cal.
3 BUSINESS PERSONALS. j
COSTLESS clothes — Clothes made to order j'
clothes that fit; clothes that Jar the high-
priced tailors in quality of goods and mini-
mum of price; for instance, on a $20 suit,
$5 down and $1 per week. Agency BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS. 920 Broadway, Oakland, j
MY artists give the most careful attention to
each and all who come; hair dressing 25c
only; good switches, SI; best, finest quality,
$3 50; extra heavy, long, $5; open Sunday*
from 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st, near Market; 200 rooms, i
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. •
LATEST magical novelties, puzzles, conjuring [
tricks: magic taught. MAGICIAN HENRY.
765 Market st.
APPLY Quinonla to the roots of the hair. G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
GET a first-class shave at the lady barber's,
316 Third st.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
. gage, salt bath 3 and herb cure. 579 Geary st
MAGICAL performances given lor all occasions
magic taught. MAGICIAN HENRY. 309 Sixth.'
■ j|
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth St.. Alameda. 1
SUITS to order on easy Installment*. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
I SAN FRANCISCO Ladies* French Tailoring
College, 916 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
\ MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trano«
i clairvoyant and medium; while entranced sh«
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; sh«
I will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property: locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hour*
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with,
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, room*
25 and 26, 1206 Market st. opposite Sixth.
jV — IF you want a lot of information the best
clairvoyant and palmist In God's creation 1*
Mrs. Savior; reads ore, etc.; full names: la-
dies. 25c; gents. 50c; mall, $1. 1819 Market
st, near Eleventh.
I MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
| card reader: born with double veil and second
sight: diagnosis disease, full life reading; la.
50c. gents Jl; palm, andclair. sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE, 1346 Market st.
trance medium ; unites the separated : change*
luck; locates buried treasures; letters prompt-
ly answered; inclose stamp.
MME. LENEMAR: fortunes told by planets;
predicted in '74 overdue steamer on Island.
23^ Sixth st. ■:■■.
: MME. MOREAU, best medium - and card
j .reader; 23c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; Be. 148 Sixth st, room ICC
MRS. BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant, card
reader; Hindoo control; hours 10-5. 579 Geary.
MME. RA VENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and*
palmist. 215 Kearny st, room 2.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pre-
fession; never fails: advice: help. 929 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit message*
to-night, 10c. 605 McAllister St.; sitting*
dally. " ___i?i
JOHN SLATER, test seance to-night at 8:11
sharp; hall 909 Market st.: admission 10c.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet se-
ance, 8 p. m.. 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS. DR. STEWEP/T. Chicago medium and 1
, magnet— t; sit. daily $1. 1260 Grove at. Oak.
MRS. B. BALLARD, medium. 311 Main: sick-
ness a specialty; circles Friday, 2 p. m., 250.
MRS. SHAFFEI.. test and business medium;
sittings daily. 212V4 Sixth st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
lng- $1: clr. Tues.. Frl.. 2 p. m.; Sat., 8; 25c.
MRS J J WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton at. -■> '.
M FRANCES, independent slate-writing — ie-
dlum. 118 Halght st
HYPNOTISM
Institute, 402% Geary; hypnotism taughtl
diplomas issued: diseases and habits cured.
PALMISTttY.
CHARACTER described; send 25c (stamps) an* !
date of birth to "Astro," box 4599, Call office. •'
FREE lecture by Mrs. Chandler Sunday, 3 p.
m.. at hall. 305 Larkln st. readings Thurs..
Sat, at hall: Wea.. Frl. at res.. 353 Geary.
CARPET CLEANING. •
ClTY~Steam Carpet-cleaning^w^ks^cTeanaT
moves, lays carpets. '< C. H. STEVENS Mirr
38 and 40 Eighth st; telephone South 250. *
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
. •end to SPAULDING'S Pioneer>Can»t-
Beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40. '
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at-t
tel. Main 394. GEO. .WALCOM. Pfoprletor.
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet Cleaning Co 463
. - Stevenson st.; tel. S. 228; , lowest rates. . -
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at So.
STRATTON. 3 Elg h St.; tel. Jessie 944. ; •
GREAT Eastern ' Steam " . Carpet-Cleaning
: Works. 14 St at. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 20*
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14tli
at ; cleaning 8c a yard; . tel. . Mission- 74. ..
CON KLIN'S Carpet-Beating "Works, 853 Oold«_
i -.. Gate aye.: > taL - rast _«. \ ' \^'" miSINESS CHANCES.
'js;o-SAi.OON on Mission st.. between factories i
• ami wholesale houses; rent &0: living rooms;
'.first clam?. paying;; owner seriously sli-k; must
;' bo {sacrificed, (.'all WIL ' 54.". Market st.
;S:2."'— PARTNER wanted in Gret-clasa paying
. business; easy to loam and clearing for each
. partner about $P0 per month; a clean ar.d
profitable clTer. Particulars WILKE, 645 Mar-
ket st.
•$lO5O — OLD -ESTABLISHED bar-room on
Kearny st.. closa to Chronicle building; rent
$100; u'llnjj a good paying; business; only first-
class inistom; large stock on hand. See
W ILK-:. ■;».■'. Market st; new number 543.
$1250— BARROOM doing, a first-class payiis*
buslneiH and elegantly fitted up; close 10
Palace Hotel; rent JoO; a rare .••.islnea- open-
ing, ".nil WILKE, 753 Market St.. new num-
■
A~$COO HICSTAUP.ANT in the very best li cu-
tlcn. doing a rushing business; first-class
prices ami best class custom; low rent. In-
f(Ulre WILKE. 753 Market st. .
STABLISHED saloon In choicest
down- own location, with building; long
lease; doing a nrst-daea paying business;
other engagements compel owner to sacrifice.
WILT-. 7fi Market St.
$2T>O— GFOCERY and bar; Tab. many years
and always dolnjr a first-class paying busi-
ness; { living rooms; rent f:'' : a great sacri-
fice. Particulars, WILKE. 845 Market St.
$250— PARTNER wanted In good paying butcher
shop; fine horse and wagons; no experience
necessiry; owner prefers partner to hired
help. See MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny.
$325— C0-ner grocery and bar; 2 rooms: rent
$20: bargain. MCLAUGHLIN. _ Keamy st.
$350— Ciiar and stationery store; 2 rooms:
rent $»; a snap. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23
Keain.' it. '■'.
$475 — COFFEE loon and branch bakery: fine
store trade; 3 furnished rooms; great bar-
gain. Mclaughlin & CO.; 23 Keamy st.
$350— COiNER saloon; good stock fixtures; pays
well; l(X<i people employe, in tho neighbor-
hood. Mclaughlin & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$176 — GHOCEKY, bar; 4 living rooms and
stable, MCLAUGHLIN, 23 Kearny st.
JIEOO — SiI.OON: owner is going into extensive
busings. Mclaughlin & CO.; 23 Kearny.
$200 — ROUTE; will pay $76 per month. Mc-
LAUUILIX &. CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$25? CIjAR-STORE with clubrooms; bargain
this diy. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny.
$iOO— SVLOON, north Market; great business j
itree: big transient and regular trade; large ;
Btocl, fine fixtures; 6 living rooms; own r
then 8 years; other business cause of bale;
genune offer. M. LESS. 7C5 Market st.
$1100— CORNER saloon and liquor yore, princi-
pal srt-i-t heart of city; old established; large
etoct; handsome fixtures; business speaks for
ltsel ; full investigation to prove that this
offer is actually worth $1500; present owner
then for years; sickness . compelling sale.
Appy M. LESS, 765 Market st., opposite Phe-
lan building.
$400— lakery; principal street, heart of city;
llvliK rooms; rent $25; baking 1V» bbls. flour
per day: all store trade; impossible to find
an> filing better In this line. M. LESS. 765
Ma-kft st.
_.— KREDO & CO. 22U G«ary St.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
$200 — Drug store; good chance for practical
man.
$301 — RoadhouEe: San Bruno road; furniture.
$50»— Corner grocery and bar; 4 furnished
rooms.
$171 — Grocery and bar; give-away.
$SOt— Delicacy: fine corner; with living room*.
$450— Best shooting gallerr; cigar stand.
For particulars call on KREDO & CO.
A— CIGAR stands from $100 to $500; best part
Market and Kearny. KREDO & CO.. 22V4
Geary st.
PARTIES desiring to sell, their business
piomptly for cash. HKAI.V. 917 Market st.
$200— GRAND chance for steady man as part-
ner in saloon and lunch house: owner In other
bus.ntss; cannot give it his whole attention.
HEAIY. 917 Market Ft.
$7(IO— CORNER grocery and bar; a good bargain.
$1100; new and second-hand variety store.
$—0; ealoon in very good location.
IZU) »:i"l $121/; restaurants for sale. ■
$20«: (partner wanted In old-established cash
business. ANDERSON & CO.. 777 Market st.
$3-' I'AKTNER wanted; light business: indoor
wo-k; no night or Sunday work; experience
not required; trial given; $20 to ISO a week
«aci can be made. 9 Geary st., room 2.
PARTNER wanted; suited to plain, steady
nan satisfied with $15 to $25 a week; trial
flven; short hours; duties light. 31 Third St.,
ioom 1; apply from 10 to 12 a. m.
$20— SALOON In the Richmond district; a bar-
lain. Address box 334, Call office.
SKXE 6tore for sale. 134S Valencia st.
S*»ALL restaurant for sale cheap; well fitted
U>. At !»67 Mission St.
FJR SALE — Home bakery, notions, tamales;
rood trade; cheap rent. 1913 Howard St.
B3R BALE!— Cheap, small manufacturing busi-
ness; 200 customers; small rent; make an
offer, owner going East; no night or Sun-
day work. Clerks' Exchange, Eleventh and
V ashlnptcn St., Oakland.
CIGAR stand near Call, Examiner and Chron-
icle buildings; cheap; account of other busi-
ness. 33 Third st.
$400— RESTAURANT for sale: best location in
the city; owner going to Klondike. Box 357,
Call olflce.
POSITIVE bargain; fine corner saloon; 4 liv-
ing-rooms; rent $20. 331 Sixth st.
SHOOTING gallery and cigar stand, doing
good business, cheap. Call at 815 Kearny st.
BARGAIN Is offered man wishing a good sa-
loon business. Particulars at 33 Third st.
A GREAT bargain r**a well stocked grocery
store; 3 living rooms; barn, horse and wagon;
chicken houses: bearing fruit trees and gar-
den; a short distance from Oakland: 5 year
lease; cheap rent. Address box 374, Cull office.
$275 — LIGHT manufacturing business, route,
horse and wagon, etc. ; other business causa
of sale; suitable for young man willing to d >
plain light work. Particulars at 244 Third st.
FOR sale— Well-stocked stationer}', cigar, toy
and news agency ■tore; bargain; sickness
cause. Apply CUNNINGHAM, CURTIS3 &
WELCH, San6ome st.
CORNER grocery and liquor store and largo
corner lot to exchange for cottage; 4 or 5
rooms and lot. Apply Call office.
DAIRY produce and delicacy store; paying
well; cheap. MRS. G. DAVIDSON, 1605 Bu-
chanan st.
GOOD paying saloon and lunch house; estab-
lished over 17 years. L. B. WELLER, 1307
Polk st. '
NICE corner saloon cheap: must sell to-day;
going to Europe. 400 McAllister (it.
PARTNER wanted In newly fitted up saloon;
good location. Box 373, Call office.
GOOD paying restaurant for sale. Apply Ell
Castro st.
FOR Sale — Cheap: a butter, eggs and delicacy
Etall with fine trade; Investigate this. Grand
Western Market, cor. Polk and Austin sts.
PAYING cash milk business; 2 wagons; 2
routes; 3 horses;; milk depot; . cheap; owner
leaving town. U. S.. box 7, Call. Oakland.
$400— Saloon and 10 furnished rooms; all rented;
saloon doing fine business; best location In
city; rent $20 month. Box 549, Call office.
BAAAAR— WeII paying business; must sell;
full Investigation asked and desired. Ad-
dress M.. box 44, Call office.
$275— CORNER grocery and bar; clean stock;
I living rooms; rent $20. 117 Fillmore st.
CORNER saloon for sale; cheap for cash. 1121
Harrison st. • .
GROCERY store for sals. Inquire at 220 First
St., northwest corner Tehama.
$400— CIGAR store. Northwest corner Kearny
and California sts.
FOR sale- *<! old-estab.lshed groceries and bars;
price $2500 and $1260. Apply Call office.
$400— A SNAP; oil business; 19 Sixth St.; value
in sight, $1000; wagons, horses, etc. PHIL-
LIPS. ______ ,
$400— RESTAURANT in country town for sale;
no cash rent to be paid, it being taken out
in board; good transient trade and several
regular boarders. For particulars address box
578. Call Office.
WANTED— Good restaurant man with small
capital. Call at Terminal Hotel. Halght and
£ tanyan bU. ■
SALOON for rale. 833 Bush at.
FOR Bale— route at San Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE. San Jose. |
COFFEE an<l tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento at.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FOH Dawaoa. Alaska Venture Co. Steamship
Prof. Morse, sails for St. Michaels June -10.
connecting with the speediest steamer on th»
Yukon, the F. M. Smith; unexcelled facilities
for handling freight and passengers; beforj
making contracts call at general office. 620
Market st.
FOR KALE— A trip to Klondyke and a year's
provisions free. Apply 1501 Market st.
MONTGOMERY. 527. cor. Clay^Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch offlce of The Call. Subscrip-
tions nnd want ad* taken.
......... MOKBY WANTED.
WANTED— SI4OO; flrßt mortgage; from private
party only. Box 349, Call office. '
FOR EXCHANGE.
BOARD, central. In exchange for trade In dry
goods store. Box 573, Call office.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO ~"*~~'~^~*"~22^r Geary st. i
Ul'-TC-DATE BROKERS.
List with us; no charge for advertising; 500
houses: all sizes; all prices.
Following :ire a few pueciaJ bargains:
23 rooms; reduced from $1000 to $600
a« rooms: worth $»«), for 1300 ■
21 rooms; sunny corner; bargain at $2000.. IGOO ;
2ft rooms; rent only ?C0 : 750
Many large houses from 50 to 500 rooms, too ]
numerous to mention. KREDO & CO., 2_Va
Geary st. v " \
A— ?ro; AUCTION* price; 14 rooms; carpets i
worth the money, elegant. KREDO & CO.,
22>, Geary st. .
DECKER'S BARGAINS.
. ALL SIZES ANT"> PRICES.
FOR CASH PAYMENTS OR EXCHANGE.
SKK HIS LIST BEFORE BUYING.
2S-roc.ni boarding house $3500 i
2! rooms; transient; clears $160 500 I
:. r > rooms on Market: clears 1100 500
3G-rodm bouse; 2 fronts; offer wanted :
4 20-room houses; from $800 to ■ 1600 I
3 SO-room houses; from $1400 to ' 100 I
3 10." -room houses; from $2500 to 60On
65Jroom hotel; cost 110,000 »00
EO-room apartment house for exchange.. 4000
7-room flat on Geary st "50 ;
H. C. DTXXER. IC2O Market St.. opp. sth.
WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st.
RELIABLE BROKERS
15 rooms; $250 cash, $10 monthly $450
Id rooms; new; $450 cash, payments 1300
19" rooms: sunny corner; central 600 .
20 moms: rent J-)",; <>ak furniture 7<*> ;
19 rooms; elegant place: payments si» |
17 rooms; worth $630: only 375 j
41 rooms; Powell tt.; eleg&nt furniture... 2700 |
60 rooms; elevator; $2000 cash 3500 j
LODGING house north of Market St.; |
cost $1FOO: leaving the State cause of sale. ;
MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
BUY of owner: $700 cash: 21-room house; cen- '
tral and full Of steady roomers: rent $60 |
month: lnv«»stlgnt<» th;-. Box 31C. Call office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 3 rooms. $30: sunny flat, 6
rooms; cheap rent. Room 213, Claus Spreck-
els building.
CHAMBER set. 6 pieces". $r, ; 1 marble- top set. I
7 pieces, $7. 424 Tehama St.. near Fifth.
SACRIFICE: $100 only: furniture of 12-rooms; '
besi part of Third st. Apply 444^ Third st.
FOR 10-room house: elegantly furnished;
owner going away. 509 Jones st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6 ;
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Invest!-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy ;
pa«nents and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
£5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter i
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and j
Broadway. Oakland. i
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. .
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs [
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low- I
est.* Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
OWING to school vacation we have too many
renting pianos on hand. Do you want a |
snap? Fine uprights. $125, $140. $150; best j
ever offered for the money. BENJ. CURTAZ |
6 SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell st. Chlckerlng agts. |
GOOD Emerson $50. another $75; an elegant
$450 piano $175, another $200; quick spot cash
sales. J. DEWING CO.. second floor, Flood
building. Fourth and Market Ets. j
CLARK WISE & CO.. 41 Gear}' St., cor. Grant
aye.. offer three ways to buy a piano; no
trouble to explain particulars. Conover Agts.
BOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans.
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan; !
no interest first year. SOS. 810. 812 Post st.
BARGAIN— grand autoharp. new: cost
$150: must sell (soldier). H. MULLER. 2
Latham place.
$5 INSTALLMENTS; upright piano: fine or-
der SSS; Hazel ton square. $75. 221 Leaven-
worth st^
' BEST goods: lowest prices: easy payments;
pianos to rent at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
i BARGAINS— SIOO. $125. $150: agency famous
Haines Bros. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post St.
GREAT bargains ; Decker, Schubert. Stetnway,
Neuman, others. Hornung's, 215 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: price lowest; uprights $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis St.
A GOOD upright, very cheap. 16 McAllister
St.. next Hlbernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place. j
I CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly !
Call. Sent to any address in the United j
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free. • _______————_—-
. — _ HORSES.
FOR SALE— Fine lot of mules and horses. 426 i
Valencia st. j
10 CAMPING horses cheap; wagons and har- ;
ness auction every Tuesday. 721 Howard St. •
40 HORSES for pale; also wagons, buggies, I
cart«, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 227 Sixth st.: auction sales jvery Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, -.arness of all !
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales j
Yards. 220 Valencia St. T. P. NEWELL.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
20, TEN and four-passenger . wagonettes,
leather-top hack, physician's coupe and vll-
laB«r cart suitable for country. O'BRIEN &'■
SONS. Golden Gate aye. and Polk st j
FINE laundry, baker's and ml'k wagons cheap j
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 82S Harrison st.
GOOD hack, coupe, surrey and wagonette, and
second-hand and new wagon: • cheap. Bull'
Head Repository. Fifteenth .nd Valencia.
FOR — New Studebaker phaeton. 1712
I Eddy st.
FOR SALE: — business buggies cheap. 908
Golden Gate aye.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie- !
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FOUR buildings In excellent condition for sale, !
to 1"' removed, at the northwest corner of ]
1 Jackson and Octavia sts. Inquire of F. O.
& E. K. PEARSON, 1231 Folsom St.
4
GAS fixtures very low: large assortment; 1
; and 2 bo"wl barber washstands. cheap. HUF-
BCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
$70 WHITE sewing machine $25. on account |
or owner going away. 538 Fulton st.
KLONDIKE dog for sale cheap. Address box |
3T.2. Call offlcc*. . 1
CAMPING wagon, and will build to order. 1634
Mission st.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, eleetl
goods; new, 2d-hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun- j
ters, linoleum. office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures: new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission Et., above Sixth.
BOILER, engines, tools, metals, electrical
goods. WHITE'S. 514-516-518 Mission St.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 633 Sacramento.
SAFES— in new and second-hand: all
sized; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 8. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10; Records, $5 per doz.:
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
MARKE' 4— Branch office of Th' Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALIVS Business College, 24 Post st. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branches:
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed eince 1892; catalogue.
AT the School of Elocution and Expression;
first floor over the Alcazar Theater; summer
term begins this month; for teachers and
students: 1-5 p. m. dally. MRS. MAY
JOSEPHI-KINCAID, Principal.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship. Ut', low rates per week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room ,'72. 823 Market st.
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newel Perry.Ph. B..Fel-
low in Mathematics, U. C. 2407 S. Atherton,
/nr.Channing way, Berkeley ; write for circular
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt. : day & eve. :
eat. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY. 6A Hyde.
SHORTHAND taught In one month; terms $10;
undents should Investigate. : 712 Van Ness.
~" MACHIHTWS.
AUTOMATIC Domestic Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought. sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing, lowest rates. 205 ; Fourth eU «y .*>'■>._*
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JU^E 14, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL-OVER TOWN~— -£ ■
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st. . . i
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake sty. ; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & RE— MEL, 623 Market st.
SUNNY house; 8 rooms and bath; water free;
$25. 3SSO Twenty-third St.. near Valencia.
SUNNY house, C rooms, bath; in good condi-
tion, $18. 2:>2> Pine st. - '
THE desirable premises now occupied by the
Irving Institute; suitable for a family hotel
or public Institution; the building has 40 or
more rooms and I* situated in the Mission
warm belt, being 1036 Valencia »t., corner of
Hill: a bright sunny location, with large
grounds. Apply to BOVEE, TOY & SONN-
TAG. 624 Market st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
GROVE?" sfs?~ betT~ Webster *" rn'ore— Sunny
furnished flat; 6 rooms; piano; flower garden;
stable If desired; rent reasonable; references
given & required: call between 10 and 2.
TAYLOR. Completely rural hed sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:30 and
4 pm. ________
COTTAGES TO LET.
FOR RENT— 2 large sunny rooms; yard
and basement. Apply 622 Minna St., nr. 7th.
'GEARY. 22S3— Fine cottages, 5 rooms and bath;
cellar; mlrrow-top mantels; $13. *
SUNNY cottages, 5 and 6 rooms; bath: base-
ment: yard; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St., near
Dolores.
COTTAGE. 6 rooms; prettiest In city; new.
2963 Twenty-first St.: key at corner grocery.
FLATS TO LET.
A— WE want at once 200 tenants; we will make
special Inducements; ,10 to 30 days free rent;
flats from $7 to $33: all our flats are reduced;
get list. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market St.
A— HOWARD, 1720, NW. cor. Erie, nr. Thir-
teenth — 7 rooms; choice; sunny; $25; water
tree; key at 1722 Howard; appreciated If seen.
ALL OVER TOWN .—. — _^_
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery St.
BAY-WINDOW flat of 3 rooms. 28 Ritch at.,
near Third and Folsom.
BOWIE aye., 6, off Eleventh— 3 rooms, hall,
bay-window; cheap to small family.
BRANNAN, 726, 'above Sixth— nice fiat of 3
rooms one of 2 rooms; $7 and $5.
ELEGANT modern upper flat. 7 rooms, bath
and basement; rent $18. 802S 1 ,4 Buchanan st.,
near Filbert.
FIFTEENTH, 2156, north of Market— sunny,
modern Sat of 6 rooms, bath and basement;
rent cheap. Inquire 324 "Kearny St., or EAS-
TON & ELDRIDGE.
FULTON, llS— Fine middle sunny flat, seven
rooms; bath; near City Hall.
FLATS, 5 and 6 rooms, $12 and $14: also cot-
tage, 4 rooms, $10. Key 623 Second bt.. near
Buchanan.
FLAT and cottage to let; Bryant and Juni-
per sts. Apply to owner, MRS. L. LOUGH-
RAN, 919 Bryant st.
FLATS— Upper flat, 4 choice sunny rooms, $13.
1120 Broadway.
HARRISON, 2041, opp. Eighteenth— Two sunny
flats; 3 and 4 rooms; rent $9 and $10.
LEAVEN WORTH. 1523— Flat of 6 rooms; hot
and cold water; bath; rent $14.
MISSION, 1513 A. near Eleventh — 5 sunny rooms,
bath, laundry; rent $20.
ONLY 2 of modern flats left; Washington and
Baker; rent cheap. MADISON & BURKE.
SUNNY upper flat: 5 rooms: modern. Apply
.'l4 Hermann Bt., near Webster.
TO LET— upper flat, 5 rooms: bath and
large basement; electric cars pass the door.
3905 Twenty-fourth St., near Sanchea.
$12-$14 — Best for the money; 2 sunny-upper flats.
60F.D Shot well st.
FURNISHED FLATS.
HANDSOMELY furnished flat, five rooms; for
the summer: no children. Box 542. Call office
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY, 743 — 4-room parlor floor; also 4-room top
floor.
EDDY, Very desirable front connecting*
housekeeping; gas range; splendid location.
ELLIS, — 2 housekeeping rooms; $16.
FIFTH, 428H— Front room and kitchen, fur-
nished for housekeeping: also others. ■ .
FIRST, 28 — 3 front sunny rooms for housekeep-
ing; rent $12 per month.
FOLSOM, 974— Sunny complete housekeeping
' rooms in private family; $1 50 per week up.
FOLSOM. 1293, corner Ninth— l or 2 front rooms,
regular kitchen; $10. $10; gas, bath.
GEARY. 1917— For adults; 4 comfortable rooms;
bath, two beds; two stoves; gas and coal; $20.
GOLDEN GATE. 730— Unfurnished room, large*
and convenient, $8.
HOWARD, 762—2 housekeeping rooms; also un-
furnished back and front parlor.
HOWARD, 831— Sunny unfurnished basement
to let; rent $10.
HOWARD, 1059&— 2 sunny completely furnished
housekeeping rooms; $8; also other rooms.
HOWARD, 2337%— sunny rooms completely
furnished, $12.
HOWARD. Nice sunny front housekeeping
rooms, single or double, furnished or unfur-
nished; private house; rent cheap.
IVY aye., 309, near Franklin— 2 sunny furnished
rooms, stove, sink, $9.
JESSIE, 373. near Emporium— Housekeeping
rooms; $7 and $10; private family.
MCALLISTER, 340—2 sunny front rooms com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping; very rea-
sonable.
MINNA, 269—2 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; sunny yard. '
MINNA, 734— Large front room and kitchen for
housekeeping; no children.
MISSION, 1320, near Ninth— large sunny
front housekeeping rooms, $9 and $6 a month.
NINTH, 20— Large sunny bay window ro<Jms,
complete for housekeeping; $S; running
water; gas.
OAK, 119—2 large sunny parlors, complete for
light houeekeepg, cheap; also single room. $5.
PAGE, Ill— sunny furnished bay-window
housekeeping rooms; all conveniences; $11.
PAGE. 434—3 sunny rooms and bath, partly
furnished. Call from 10 to 12 a. m.
POLK. 1643—3 newly furnished large sunny
front rooms for housekeeping; rent $20.
SANCHEZ, 25, near Thirteenth— Upper floor,
4 rooms and bath; rent $15, water Included;
private residence; no children.
SHIPLEY, 259 — or 8 housekeeping rooms, $6
and $12. Inquire on premises or of owner,
1151 Guerrero st.
SIXTH. 227— Sunny ' front housekeeping suite
and other rooms; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny rooms, complete
for housekeeping, $9 per month.
TURK. 643— Large front room complete for
housekeeping; gas and bath; $11. »
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
THREE or 6 pleasant sunny rooms, furnished
housekeeping: nice grounds; central- 615 15th.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT 609 Hyde, Butter 716-717-719 — Furnished and
.unfurnished; choice and sunny; reasonable.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. ; trunks
moved to any part of city, 2"ic; phone Main 49.
ARLINGTON House,' 127 Kearny Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; nrst-ciass
in every respect; termc reasonable. |
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths; gas; very reasonable.
AT 147 Powell and 211 O'Farrell,' nicely fur-
nished rooms by day, week or month.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $s, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Pleasant clean sunny rooms $6 up;
good home for "ulet people. . '
EDDY, 207— Newly furnished single and double
rooms, $5 a month and up. .
EDDY, 427 (473)— Neatly furnished sunny room;
$5 per month. :
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 60 to $8 week.
ELLIS, Sunny ' housekeeping rooms, fur-
nished, $15. ,--. .
ELLIS, 637, corner Pleasant newly fur-
nished rooms; single and double; reasonable;
bath. . " ■ .'. ->;-■•.'.- ? .---y>--- -..;•.- - •..•■
FQLSOM, 820. near Fourth— sl a week and up;
sunny furnished roome. _-..-.. ; . ■,
GEARY, 556— Handsome front parlor, .'suites,
single and double rooms; light housekeeping.
GEARY, 622— Nice sunny single . room, $8
month; also handsome front room; gentlemen.
GIRARD HOUSE, cor. Seventh and Howard-
" Sunny rooms, moderate; . also > housekeeping. "■_■-
GLOBE Houst>, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room: Howard cars.
HANCOCK . House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week. -
HOWARD, ; Nice ■ rooms ■ from $4 to $j a
month in a quiet family.
. ROOMS TO LET— Continued. '
HOWARD, 1806, corner Fourteenth— 3 sunny
front rooms; rent $S. :..': ..' -
HYDE. 1105— "The Victoria," nicely furnished
rooms with or without - board.
JONES, 207— Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms reasonable; gas, water, bath;' central.
JONES, Sunny front rooms nicely fur-
nished; board if desired; private family.
MARKET. 1032— Thoroughly renovated newly
furnished sunny rooms, suites or single,'
suitable for of flees or doctor; also housekeep-
ing, 16 up. ■ ' '- ...
McALLISTER, 1270—2 elegantly furnished sun-
ny rou-n-i; 1 alcove; bath. .
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week.
MISSION. 1226— large sunny parlor; piano,
running water; bath; suitable 2; $10 month.
MORRIS aye., 119—* sunny rooms; rent cheap.
MORRIS aye., 121—3 sunny rooms; rent cheap.
N ATOM A, ttt& near Fourth— unfurnished
front rooms. . . .
OFARRELL. 271— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 402, corner Taylor— Sunny fur-
nished rooms; front; reasonable; also unfur-
nished suite.
POST, 3*s— Large front room and back room.
suitable for 2 men; gas; cheap.
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
class in every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
POWELL, 207— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
single or en suite, cheap; see them.
"RANDOLPH," Post and Mason— Bay-window
parlors and suites: smaller rooms; $1 50 to $4.
SACRAMENTO, 1365—3 rooms; separate en-
trance; good yard; rent $7.
SEVENTH, 192, near Howard (Glrard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SEVENTH. 32SV4— S nice sunny unfurnished
rooms; rent cheap.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth at.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished. :
SILVER State House, IC-1S Mason' St.— Fur-
nished rooms; single. $1 50 to $3 a week;
suites, $4 to $5; baths; elevator; electric
lights; hot and cold water; transient solic- j
ltel; restaurant connected. MRS. J. GALE,
proprietor.
SUTTER, 114S— Fur. sunny rooms, or as offices;
bay window, -gas, baths; running water: mod.
SUTTER. Parlor floor: sunny; suitable for
physician; rent reasonable.
BUTTER, 1111— Nice front suites, $12 month;
single rooms, $5; very desirable neighborhood.
TAYLOR, Sunny corner suite on first floor,
with or without kitchen and dining-room; all
completely or partially furnished as de-
sired. . . ■
THIRD, First floor; 6 rooms; all or sepa-
rately. • •
TURK. 633— Nice sunny single and double
rooms in private family, $6 month up.
TURK. 405— Front sunny furnished rooms; $6 j
up: bath.
~ HOO.MS A..D bo ak
ALL sunny bay-window rooms, everything
new, cheerful: first-class every respect; board
optional. The Slrius, 1503 Stockton; Kearny cars I
ELLIS. 518— Nicely furnished rooms; best i
board; 9- per week.
HYDE, 299, Salisbury— Changed hands; thor-
oughly renovated; pleasant sunny rooms with
first-class board; beautiful grounds; quiet,
homelike; reasonable.
ECUTH PARK. 159— Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
BUTTER, 1128 Changed hands: large sunny
rooms, also single rooms, with or without
board; home cooking and comforts, in private
house: rates to visitors. . • ..
SUTTER. 767— Elegant sunny rooms, with ex-
ceptional board: select location; reasonable.
THE Oriel— With or without board; new, ele-
gantly furnished, beautiful sunny Market-st. i
suites, with board for 2, $40 per month; single
rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS aye., 808— Sunny newly furnished
rooms, electric llffhts, bath, with board;
terms moderate.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WIDOW would like two children to beard; good
home and care. 51 Clara st.
WIDOW would board 1 or 2 small children
or Infant. 3279 Seventeenth St.. near Mission.
LADY would like children to board; good home,
country-like; fine eggs. 912 Crescent aye.
JESSIE. ?29— Good home for Infant or 1 or 2
9 children; own cow; mother's car*: reference*.
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board: a
mother's care: references. 2"4H Sixth st.
STORKS TO LET.
A—s2o;A — $20; corner store, with living rooms; stable*
Eddy St., fit SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st."
HOWARD, 1802. corner Fourteenth— Store; 2
living rooms, suitable for barber; rent cheap.
STORE, fixtures and 4 rooms. 23 Clementina.
TO Let— Nice little store down among the Klon-
dike outfitters. P. J. O'NEIL, 25 Bteuart st.
TO Let— First floor of building. 1010 Howard st.
near Sixth; 37:6x90 feet: 2 large lofts; suitable
for stable, milk depot, factory, storage, etc.
TO LEASE. "
TO Academy Hall, corner Mission and
Mary sts. : remodeled and refurnished. Apply
on the premises or L. ALTSCHUL. 320 Clay.
. FACTORIES TO LET.
MISSION, 579, opp. Wells-Fargo's Express-
Second floor;, power . - available for straw
works, paper box, shirt, shoes, factories, etc.
— MEDICAL -
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed: no Instruments used;
home in confinement; pills and capsules, $1;
every case guaranteed; consultation free and
confidential: hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR. WVKTH. 203 Turk St., near Jones.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no Instruments is?d: guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly;
home In confinement: consult free; hours 10 to
6, 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
ALL Ladles— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
* true friends of all Invalids, men and men;
f'i years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, ' home,
etc. ; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay: self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 59 McAllister
St.; pills., $1; very strong, $2; cure. $5.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive:' price $1 50 'per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— pur-
chasing elsewhere write us. ' •
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or Instru-
ments used; restores in one day without fall;
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace; consultation free; can be sent and used
at home: pills and capsules $1: cure $5;- by
the well known DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
LADIES. Chichester'B English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other;- send 4c stamps for particulars,
•'Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chichestor Chemical Co., Phlla.
DR. WINTERS & Dr. Schwartz. 852 Castro cor.
7th. Oakland; reliable practitioners; home In
confinement; ruar'td cure for all female dis-
eases from whatever cause; diagnosis free.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
- moderate: Infants adopted Into good homes.
A BOON ; to wives and mothers— Seguro : price
11 50; RICHARDS & CO.. 40G Clay st.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAIT'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
NORTH, Beach Sanitarium. 1412 Mason st.; pri-
, vate home ' in ; confinement; • competent physi-
T clans and nurses: trms. reaa. Powell-st. cars.
MRS. ARCHARD, midwife: home In confine-
ment; confinement alone $5. 158 Second ,'Bt.W
DR. HALL, 9 McAllister St.: diseases of
-women and children. : ■' . ■/■;>;-',
LADIES— Dr. Puetz: Infallible, safe rem-
■ edles; 88 years' J experience. . 254>£ Fourth st. ■■
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented few partly
used for sale cheap; send . for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montgomery.
TOST, good order, $25; send for sample work.
'-' BCOTT & BANXAN. 333 Montgomery »t.
~~ ~~~ STORAGE. . 
FURNITURE, tr-nk?, etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse, 840 Mission st. ; tat Mint 1821.'
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co. •
office. Tenth and Market: telephone South 166.
:-/:■■:.:■-'.■ PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. •C. I O'DONKTELL, I office and ' residence,
H 1206 Market; ' diseases of ; women a specialty.
LOST.
LOST— GoId locket, with diamond setting, en-
graved C. W. on back; valued as a gift; re-
ward. Return to CHAS. WINTERS, Asses-
sor's office, City Hall.
LOST— June 12. a small fox terrier pup, with
collar; tail recently cropped. Finder will
please return him to 2417 Howard st. and re-
ceive reward.
LOST— Paroquet ; finder will be liberally re-
warded. 71G Larkin st.
LOST— White spitz dog. Return to 405 McAllis-
ter St., reward.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of SARAH CRoMPTON; No. 223,349.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of Pan Francisco, in the
name of HANNAH LONG; No. 179,914. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — On Point Lobos aye., near Fourth,
white and brown fox terrier. Reward at 337
Fourth aye.
LOST— A pass bonk with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
r.ame of SAUAH SMITH. Xo. 174,634. The
finder will plea.°e return to bank.
~ DBSTISTB.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth witnout plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, i>oc; crowns, $i 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth ft.; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK Dentists— Full sot of teeth, $5 up;
painless extraction; fillings, 25c up; old plates
made over or mended; work warranted;
crowns and bridges; open Sundays. 969 Mis-
sion st., southeast corner of Sixth.
DR. LUDLI'M KILL. 1443 Market St., nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates niade over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extractir.- and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 23c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market St., corner Sixth.
L. A. TEAGUE, A. CANE and F. TEAGUE,
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. 11. C.
YOUNG. IMI Polk st.
ATTORNEYS AT lT\v7~
ALL private law cases. Insolvency, collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe, 103Larkln.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels Udj,"., 1)27 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. F.
Stack. 14 McAllister St., room 64.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSAIS^Fo^ the repair of bUuminous
rock pavements-^-Oflice of the Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors of the City and County
of San Francisco, June b, IS9S.
In accordance with resolution No. 1242 (fourth
series) of. the Board of .Supervisors, SEALED
PROPOSALS will be received in open session
Of the board on MONDAY AFTERNOON,
June 20, 1888, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for repair-
ing and keeping in good order and condition,
to the entire satisfaction fit the Superintendent
of Streets and oi the Board ot Supervisors, all
street* ur portions of streets, including street :
crossings and Intersections, which are now or
may be hereafter paved with bituminous rock,
for a term of two (2,i years from July 1, la»s,
to and including June 30, 19uO.
The repairs are to be made in strict accord-
ance with specifications on file and open for
inspection in this office.
A Ust vi. Etreets and street crossings, etc.,
now puved with bituminous rock, and which
will require to be kept in repair, as above
stated, is also on file and open tor inspection
in this office, and all streets or portions of
streets paved with bituminous rock and accept-
ed !j.v the city and county, are included and
must be put in good condition and kept in
thorough repair, whether they are recited in
said list or not, All streets and street cross-
ings enumerated In said list must be put in
go..a repair and condition within a period of
three months from award ot contract, and
must be kept in good repair until the expira-
tion ot the contract; in addition to all streets
or portions of streets payed with bituminous
rock and aci i-pted by the city and county dur-
ing the continuance of the contract, except
only such streets or portions of streets where
a bond has b<-en given and is in force for keep-
Ing the same In repair; also, those portions of
streets required by ;; a w U> be kept in repair by
the street railway companies having tracks
thereon. *
NOTlCK— Bidders must state a specific sum
for which the entire work will be performed,
with the understanding that monthly payments
will be made therefor to the extent of oat-
twenty-fourth of the Bum bid, on a certificate
from the Superintendent of Streets, approved
by the Board of Supervisors, that the work is
being satisfactorily performed.
Bidders will also be required to file with
their bid a description of and the character of
the plant owned by them, with a chemical an-
alysis and a sample of the bituminous rock to
be used in carrying out and performing the
work under this contract.
And it l.« to be distinctly understood that
eight hours shall constitute a days work for
persons employed on the above work, and that
the minimum rate of wages to be pui.i shall
be two $2) dollars per day; also, that the
amount of the bond to be given will nut *c
less than one-half the amount bid for the per-
formance of this work.
No bid will be received or entertained from
any person, firm or corporation who does not
own a fully equipped plant su.'iioient for the
performance of this work.
The party to whom the contract Is awarded
will be required prior to or at the time of the
execution of said contract, to pay the cost of
advertising this notice in three daily news-
|i;i|"rs.
In order to preserve uniformity and to facil-
itate the award, the board has resolved to re-
ceive no bids unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
Check for the sum of five thousand (,$i000) dol-
lars in favor of and made payable to the Clerk
of the board, must bo deposited by the bid-
der, conditioned, if the proposal Is accepted -and
the contract awarded, and if the MOMer shall
(ail or neglect to execute a written agreement
and give the bond required within six (G) days
after the award is mad.-, then, and In that
case, the said sum shall be paid Into the city
und county treasury by said Clerk as liqui-
dated damages for such failure arid neglect
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The board reserves the right to reject all
bids if the public good bo require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS Pursuant to an
order of the Board of Trustees of thr> 9tate
Normal School of San Diego, California, no-
tice is hereby given that Healed proposals
will be received by paid board until in u'clock
a. m. of Jun» 2J. ISM, for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor necessary
for the erection and completion of th» cen-
tral portion of the San Diego State Normal
School building.
Separate proi>o!>als will be received and :
Feparate contracts made for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor neces- i
sarT for each of the following jvirts of said
building, to wit: 1. For the masonry work
including all brick, concrete and cement
work and all necessary excavations and rill-
ing; 2, for the iron work; 3, for the carpenter
plastering, electric and glazing work; 4, for
the plumbing and gas-fitting work; 5, for the
tinning and galvanized Iron work; 6, for
painting and varnishing.
No proposal will be considered unless ac-
companied with a bond of such proposer
equal to 10 per cent of his proposal, with at
least two good and sufficient sureties con-
--••iined that If his proposal shall be ac-
cepted he will duly enter into a proper con-
tract.
Each proposal must be made on blanks
furnished for that purpose, and, together
with the above-mentioned bond. Inclosed In
a sealed envelope, addressed to the Trustees
State Normal School of Snn Diego, with an
indorsement thereon showing what portion
of the building Is covered by the inclosed pro- ,
posal, and delivered to the Merchants' Na- j
tlonal Bank of San Dl^go. California, before j
10 o'clock a. m. of June 24, 1898.
Said proposals will be publicly opened and
contracts bacpd thereon will be made on
June 24, ]S9S, r.t 10 o'clock a. m:, at room 35.
Fisher Opera-house block, in San Diego, Cali-
fornia.
The contractors to whom contracts are
awarded will be required to file wfth said
board a good and sufficient bond to the
amount of 25 per cent of the contract price
for the f.iithful and proper performance of
lils contract.
The r.lans and specifications of said build-
ing can lie seen during business hours at the
office of Hebbnr' 1 & Gill, architects. Grant
building, San Diego, California.
The Board of Trustees reserves the right
to reject any or all proposals made.
State Normal School of San Diego. Cali-
fornia.
P.y W. R. GUY. President Board Trustees.
Attest: ROBERT C. JONES. Secretary.
BIDS Wanted— Notlci Is hereby given that
sealed proposals Will I"' received hy the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion at its office, room 13, 320 Sansome gt.,
San Francisco. Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m.,
Saturday, June 25. ISPs, and opened imme-
diately thereafter In the presence of bidders,
for furnishing and delivering quartermaster
and commissary supplies for the Veterans'
Home, Napa County. Cal. (railroad station
Yountville) for the six months commencing
July 1, ]S9S, and ending December 31, 189 S.
Schedules with Information and Instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the
schedules, and no bid will he considered un-
less it is In accordance with such schedules.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified Check upon some well known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of hln bid, payable to J.
C. Currier, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter Into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. The board reserves the right to
reject any or all bids an 1 to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. S .etary Veter-
ans' Home Association, room iS. 320 Sansome
St., San Francisco, Cal. By order of the
Board of Directors.
J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. •
LOTS— I7S upward; $5 cash, $5 monthly.
— New cottage of 4 rooms and lot; your
own terms. ■ ' > •
*125 for barn, well and lot; $10 cash, »5
monthly: build your own home, or we will
build It for you; payment as rent; all streets
graded, some macadamized; 3 electric car lines
and fine school near; soil, climate and view the
very best; Allendale settlement, East Oakland;
building up rapidly; call or send for circular,
455 Seventh st., cor. Broadway, Oakland; car-
rlage free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
OAKLAXD FURNISHED HOUSES.
SUNNY. 8-room house; central; nice grounds,
near trains; rent $.".<). Box D, Call, Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND UOARD.
SUNNY rooms; private boarding;' large
grounds; centrally located; convenient to
trains; references. 914 Castro st.
ARLINGTON Hotel, j Washington and Ninth
sts.; unquestionable family place; excellent
table; low Bummer rates.
FINE sunny suite: also sunny single room; va-
cant June 1. THE I.")RN'E. X*? Eighth »t.
OAKLAND DRESSMAKING.
FASHIONABLE Indies' tailor and dressmaker.
Boston Woolen Mills. 120 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE n-1 household goods this week.
SCHELLHAAS' old store. 403 Eleventh st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE^ ~™ '
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700, $ISOO, $2200. $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at a
great Facrifice to close accounts. They contain
4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to date;
almost new, and located near scnooU and sta-
tions. ' "
We are going to weed them out, and invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 628 Market St.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2200— 5-ROOM house. 1 block from station; lot
C0x137: constantly rented, $22; great bargain.
FREESE & CODINGTON, 2119 Stanford
_place, opposite Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY~ROOMS AND BOARD.
NICELY furnished sunny - suite with good
board; plain cooking; $50 a month for two.
MRS. N. C. Berkeley.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
GREAT sacrifice; 20 acres good Sonoma County
land, Improved; 4-room house, barn, chicken-
houses; 2 horses; full line farming; imple-
ments; 6 acres vines; balance corn and
beans; good road; near station; will ex-
change for city property; or $800 cash, balance
easy terms. Address J. JENSEN, 153 Third.
FINE S. F. business property; part cash and
good home across bay. F. F., box 565, Call.
~' MONEY TO LOAN.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 918 Market St.; tel. Green 204.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays; J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth. ; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate: 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Me-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
MONEY loaned on office and household furni-
ture and pianos; 2 per cent. P. KELLY, Real
Estate & Money Broker, 461 9th St., Oakland.
Oakland.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 120 Powell st.
$100,000 TO loan on income city property; $10,-
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN, 1405 Call bldg.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 328 Montgomery.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 008 California st. ;
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country;, any sum; Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
rates; no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
PAWNBROKERS.
BE wise and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office, 22 Mason st., bet. Market and Eddy.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Lueien P. Rataille and Marie B. M. Fuen. 2l-30
Charles H. Wilson and Annette Heppner..3S-3S
Edward J. Dollard ami Mary T. Ke11y.... 26-26
Frank H. Thrall and Kstella M. Falrfleld. 22-21
Robert. V. Crawford and Lulu J. McKee. .2l-21
John Mullan and Ellen Martin 27-21
C. P. Klndleberger and Lucy Huntsman... 27-24
William A. Taafte and Georgina Cousins.. 39-26
Charles A. Butzbaeh and Florence Ralston. 26-23
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and fleath notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
- BORN.
CALVIN— Wlleys station,' May 8, 1898. to
the wife of H. D. Calvin, twins— a son and a
daughter.
CAMPBELL— At the Potrero. May IS. IS9B, to
the wife of D. R. Campbell, a daughter.
DENISON— In this city. June 8, . 1898, ■to the
Wife of Daniel W. Denipon, a daughter.
DUNN— this city, to the wife of V. Living-
' ston Dunn, a daughter.
EVERETT— In Auburn. June 7, 1898, to the
wife of T. B. Everett, a daughter.
FARREN— In this city, June 8. 1893, to the
wife of G. N. Farren. a son.
FREEBORN— In ■ Pilitas, May 10, 1898, to the
wife of George Freeborn, a son.
GIBBINS— In Alturas, May 27. 1898, to the wife
of I. W. Glbblns, a daughter.
HAMILTON— Pine Grove, Cal., May 30. 1898,
to' the wife of J. Hamilton, a son.
JUKA— In Jackson. June 6, IS9B, to the wife of
John Juka, a son. . .
KERFOOT— In Sutter Creek. June 4, 1898. to
the wife of J. H. Kerfoot. a daughter.
LEWIS— In Auburn, June 4. IS9B. to the wife of
F. W. Lewis, a son. • . ■ •
McHENRY— In this city, June 10, . 1898, to the
wife of Charles McHenry, a son.
RAMSDELL— At Red Point, May 26, 1398, to
the wife of Woodman Ramsdell, a son.
SAUL — June 8, 1898, to the wife of P. M.
Saul, a daughter.
WRIGHT— In this city. May 29, 1898, to the
wife of James Wright, a son. -. • .
WHITEMAN— In Watsonville, June 1. 1898, to
the wife of Frank Whiteman, a son.
MARRIED.
FULLER— In Scottsvllle. June 8, 1898,
Peter Holtx and May Fuller. .
LEDBETTER— FARNfiWORTH— In this city,
June 12, IS9S, by the Rev. F. R. Farrand.
Cash! T. Ledbetter and Fannie A. Farns-
worth, both of San Francisco.
LOCEY— CRAIG— In Forest Hill. June 1. 1898.
Fred A. Locey and Rebecca W. Craig.
MINEHAN— DALY— In this city, June 7, 1898, \
at St. Rose's Church, by the Rev. D. Nu- I
gent. I Timothy R. Minehan and Jennie J.
Daly.
QUIRRILLO— In Sutter Creek, June
8, ISfIS, by the Rev. Father Moloney, Frank
Quirrlllo and Pauline Smith. ■ . •
WILLIAMS— KEENAN —In Auburn, June 8,
IS9S, by Judge J. E. Prewett, Alfred E. Wil-
liams and Mary E. Keenan. '
~"™ "*~~ DIED. "~ '
Anderson, Ernest E. McHenry, Elizabeth
."• Blcknell. C. C. McKenzie Marguerite
Blair, Samuel - Matsen, Geor^ina
Boyle, Edward R. Miller, Mary
Brindeau,' Almlre A. Miller. Soren ? . '
Chant, John Mock, Alexander A.
Cheney. Rosarjd M. Mora. Elizabeth A.
Cotsgrove, James • Reynolds, Ann '
Costello. Augustine Romedis. Julia
Darke Jr., F. K. Skinner, Julia
' Dlas, Joseph : Smith,- Mrs. Sarah J.
.. Flood. H. S. Xahaney, Nannie B.
. Foley, James : % - Thompson, John
Hardy, : Bridget Waener, Richard
Hurst. George A. WhTlney. . Mrs. S. A.
Klllarney, Anna Wilklns.. William
Kuhls,- Ellse J. Wright. Ada E.
Lemasney, Thomas' . Zlmmermann, ' Ernes-
-- '..'Lindt, Catherine • : -tine
McCarthy, Cornelius . - . • , -
ANDERSON— In this city, June 11, I*9B, Ernest
Edward, beloved husband of Josephine Ander-
son, a native of Stockholm," Sweden, aged 53
years 1 month and 17 days. > :
; Friends and acquaintances and members
of the Swedish Society are respectfully In-
; vited i; to attend . the funeral ; to-morrow
'(Wednesday),; at 2 o'clock, from Swedish 50-
... ciety's .' Ha 11,. .909 Market street. Interment
. Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BICKNELL— Near Hanford, June 8, 1898. C. C.
Bicknell. aged 7& years. ■ - -
BLAIR— thU . city, June 13. - 1803, Samuel,
infant son of James A. W. and Mary Blair,
aged 9 months and 25 days. ;
BOYLE— In El Campo, Marin County. June 5,
1898, Edward R., eldest son of -John J. and
Julia A. Boyle, a native of San Francisco,
aged 15 years 3 months and 25 days.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 2011 Vallejo street, be-
tween Laguna and Buchanan, thence to St.
ISrlgid's Church, Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way, where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
BRINDEAU— In this city. June 12. 1898, Al-
mlre Adrien Brindeau, a native of France,
aged 71 years 10 months and 26 days.
(n?"FriendD and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. S. Godeau, 303 Montgomery avenue. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CHANT— In the City and County Hospital,
June 13, IS9S, John Chant, a native of Eng-
land, aged 45 years.
CHENEY— In San Jose, June 8. IS9S, Rosarid
Medinas Cheney, a native of Mexico, aged
72 years.
COSGROVE— In this city, June 13. 1898, James,
beloved husband of the late Mary (.osgrove,
brother of the late Thomas Cosgrove. and
father of James. David and John Cosgrove,
Mrs. George Paterson and Mrs. B. Williams,
a native of County Meath, Ireland, aged 59
years.
IE?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
COSTELLO— A month's mind mass for the re-
pose of the soul of the late Augustine J. Cos-
tello will be celebrated at Sacred Heart
Church, Fell and Fillmore streets, to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock.
DARKE— In Pan Luis Obispo, June 3, 1898, F.
E. Darke Jr., aged 27 years.
DIAS— In Auburn, May 31, 1898, Joseph Dias,
a native of Chile, aged 74 years.
FLOOD— In ' this city, June 12. 1898. H. S.
Flood, father of James. George, Agnes and
Harry Flood, aged 61 years.
£3* The funeral services will take place
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, at
2015 Broadway. . Interment private.
FOLEY— In this city, June 12. IS9B, James, be-
loved husband of Mary Foley, dearly beloved
father of Mrs. E. McNeil, and beloved grand-
father of Mrs. J. Larroche. Mrs. C. Lam-
burth. Miss Irene, Andrew. Frank. Alex-
ander and Donald McNeil, a native of
County Wexford, Ireland, aged 70 years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1735 Fifteenth avenue south. South
San Francisco, thence to All Hallows' Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of tils soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clook. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HARDY— In this city. June 13, 1898. Bridget,
beloved wife of the late James Hardy, loving
mother of Mrs. Lillian Bryant, and dearly
beloved sister of the late Margaret Haley, a
native of Ireland. (New York papers please
copy.)
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late reel-
dence, 2024 Bryant street, between Eighteenth
and Nineteenth, thence to St. Charles Bor-
romeo's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
at 9:30 o'clock.
HURST— Oakland, June 10, 1898, George
Alfred Hurst, a native of Montreal, Canada,
aged 34 years and 8 months.
KILLARNEY— In Alameda. Cal., June 13, 1898.
Ann Klllarney, a native of Ireland, aged
j 82 years.
I KUHLS— In this city, June 18. 1898, Elise Jo-
hannette, only daughter of Henry and Ma-
I thlMe Kuhls, a native of San Francisco, aged
4 days. '
LEMASNEY —In this city, June IS. 1898,
Thomas E., beloved husband of Laura Le-
maeney, father of Edna, Thomas, Clarese
and Philip Lemasney, son of Mary and the
late Thomas Lemasney, and brother of Mrs.
J. W. Harrigan, Mrs. J. B. Longonottl and
Mrs. J. F. Davila. a native of Horsetown.
Shasta County, Cal., aged 35 years and 11
months.
LINDT— this city, June 13, 1898, at Our La-
dles' Home, 33 Rincon place, Catherine Lindt.
a native- of County Down. Ireland, aged 64
years. •
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the chapel
of St. Mary's Hospital, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 7:15 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
McCARTHY— In this city, June 12, 1898, Corne-
lius W., beloved husband of Annie T. Mc-
Carthy, and father of George Walter and
Rose McCarthy, a native of New York, aged
38 years 5 months and 4 days.
(C^Frif-nda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• (Tuesday), at 1:16 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 182 Russ street, off Howard, between
Sixth and Seventh, thence to St. Patrick's
Church for services, commencing at 2 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
: MCCARTHY— In this city, Cornelius W.. be-
loved son . of the late Patrick and Catherine
. McCarthy, and beloved brother of Mrs. J.
■ Kelllng, Mrs. W. Sherritt and John F. and
Daniel McCarthy, a native of New York,
aged 38 years and 5 months.
McHENRY— In this city, June 12, 1898. Eliza-
beth Frances, dearly beloved wife of Charles
Me Henry, daughter of the late John and
Catherine Hogan. and sister of Mary,
Thomas, John, Charles ami Maggie Hogan
and Mrs. J. -Donovan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 25 years and 4 months.
IC^Frlends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), fit 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 716 Florida street, thence to the Church
of St. Charles Borromeo, Shotwell and Eigh-
teenth streets, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery-
McKENZIE— In this city, June 13. 1898. Mar-
guerite, beloved daughter of Daniel and Mary
McKenzie, a native of San Francisco, aged
5 months and 23 days.
MATSEN— In this city, June 13, 1898, Georgina.
dearly beloved .wife of George Matsen. and
mother of George William Matsen. a native
of Norway, aged 47 years 7 months and 13
days.
MILLER— In this city. June 11, 1898. Mary, be-
loved wife of Robert Miller, a native of
Philadelphia, aged 57 years. (Philadelphia
and Marysvtlle papers please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, ISB Noe street, thence to Mission Do-
lores Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be Ivld for the repose' of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Marysvllle. .
MILLER— In Watsonville. June 6, IS9B, Soren
Miller, a native of Denmark, aged 43 years 5
months and 16 days.
MOCK— In Placerville, Cal., June 1. 1898. Alex-
ander A. Mock, a native of North Carolina,
aged 67 years 1 month and 4 days.
MORE— In Agnews, Cal.. June 8. 1898, Eliza-
beth A. More, aged 5S years 7 months and 23
days.
REYNOLDS— In this city, June 12. 1898, Ann
Reynolds, beloved mother of Mrs. M. A.
I Cachot, Mrs. D. G. Davis and Mrs. John Me- .
I Henry.
ICTThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence-
of her daughter, Mrs. D. G. Davis, 157S Grove
street, between Baker and Lyon, thence to
St. Agnes' Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from Eigh-
teenth and Guerrero streets-.
ROMEDIS — In Jackson. June 6, 1898, Julia
Romedis, aged about 35 years. . -
SKINNER— this city. June 13. IS9B. Julia
Skinner, beloved daughter of Mrs. Peter H.
Wishing, and sister of Blanche. Lizzie, James
• and Alex Skinner, a native of Scotland, aged
14 years 5 months and 19 days.
SMITH— > Hanford, June . 5. 1898,' Mrs.
Sarah Jane Smith, aged 69 years. . _:
TAHANEY— Oakland. June IS. 1898, Nannie
8., beloved daughter of Patrick and B. Ta-
haney. and sister of Joseph and Peter J.
Tahaney, a native of Oakland, Cal., aged 8
years and 3 months and 19 days. ,
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the' funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 1461 Thirteenth street. Oak-
land.
THOMPSON— In this city, June 12, IS9S, John
Thompson, a native of Finland. ; v '
WAGNER— In this city, June 13. IS9B, Richard
Wagner," a native of Ireland, aged 49 years.
ICT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WHITNEY"— In San Luis Obispo. June 8, 1898,
Mrs. 8. A. Whitney, aged So years 3 months
and 10 days.
WILKINS— In Auburn. June 5, 189S, William
Wilklns. a native of Maine, aged 66 years and
" months.
WRIGHT— In this city, June 12, 1898. Ada E.
Wright, beloved mother of Mrs. L. A. Oreata,
a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 57 year«
2 months and IS days.
'[r-yFrlends and : acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend, the. funeral th's -day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co., 1559 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
ZIMMERMANN— In this city. June 13. 1898,
Ernestine, beloved wife of Albert Zlmmer-
mann, and mother of Amalta, Albert and
Mathilda Zimmermann. a native of Sachsen,
Germany, aged 39 years aid 3 days. •
-XT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to a. tend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the, parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. V I
FUNERAL, DIRECTORS i EMBALMBH3 I
Ibtirm ST., Ojp. Lincoln Sjhoj!. 1
■■II Telephone, South MQ I
JA,B. ENGLISH. T. R. CARBW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMEK3L
' . FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Xetts - aye., near Market St., Saa
Francisco. Telephone So. 156.
1112
PICTURED AS
A POLITICAL
HESSIAN
Martin Kelly, Ex-Boss,
Excoriated.
AN ADDRESS TO VOTERS
%
MEETING OF THE CITIZENS' BE
PUBLICAN PARTY.
Chairman Forbes Announces the
Names of the Members
of the Executive
Committee.
The County Committee of the Citizens'
Republican party met last night In the
new headquarters, at 2ti Goa.ry street.
Charles S. Forbes called the meeting to
order and fifteen out of the eighteen
members answered the rollcall. After
the adoption of a sot of by-laws to gov
ern the organization Thomas B. O'Brien
read the following address to the voters
of the city:
As we look backward to the channels of po
litical history 1" this city we may easily
observe the tide miirks of public opinion pro
portionately risinK at each succeeding munici
pal election until at the present time that large
conservative, thoughtful and reading class of
citizens who constitute the Republican party
within th ih county are vehemently demanding
that the mercenary i»illtical boss, for revenue
only, must be eliminated from the control of
the party upon Whose muster rolls are em
blazoned the Immortal names of Lincoln,
Grant, Gartield, Hayes, Harrison, MeKlnley
and Rlalne.
The time is opportune for the Citizens' Re
publican Committee to awaken public opinion.
1! ire especially at thl» time when our com
mon country !» plunged In the throes of foreign
war, and when the nation is vibrating from
center to circumference beneath the tread of
marching patriotic legions, 14.000 of whom are
In camp within our gates. Men whose Inmost
heart? are aflame with the spark of holy pa
tri Jtlsm, and who have volunteered to sacri
fice life, home, fortune, profession, comfort.
health for a great sentiment and undying
principle. Weary and worn with travel, their
ranks thin from r»-;>e:ited conflict and expo
pun' to the torrid pun of the Indies, the Stars
and Stripes will be defended by their valor and
their blond on the shores of the
Philippines, there to receive the first kiss of
the Western breeze, and to wave the last good
night to the setting sun. That flag Is the em
if a supreme will of a nation's power.
ith its foldi the weakest must be pro
and the strongest must obey. it
canopies alike the loftiest mansion
an..l the rudest hut. It represents the suffer-
lngrs of the pa«. the glories yet to be. and like
the bow at heaven, it is the <hi!d of stnrm and
pun. This war Is the sledge hammer of Provi
dence battering down despr>U«m that Justice
and mercy may rel>rn. The blighting Influence
of Spanish oppression could not be allowed to
p-ilson the atmosphere of the Western world.
This conflict Is between those who love free
dom and those who hate It. and this trouble
"between the sons of liberty and the oppressors
of the Old World was bound to come, and the
hand which touched the button that exploded
the mine In Havana harbor, while at enmity
•with the United States, unconsciously extended
the Influence of the flag of freedom, and Bent
the message of. liberty even to the far waters
of the Orient. The tried patriot, sagacious
Ftatesman and experienced soldier. President
"William McKinley, Judiciously hesitated to the
resultant calamity of war. The intrepla
Americanism of Monroe has guarded this con
tinent against the pollution of monan-hlal
rule. The new McKinley doctrine will Klve to
the nation the Island Jewels of the Paeillc and
Atlantic, extend our territorial lines, give nevr
vigor to our commerce. Increase our merchant
marine, establish an Invincible navy and for
tify our country against the intrigue and ha
tred of the absolutisms and despotisms of the
Old World.
To this stalwart Republican policy of ter
ritorial acquisition our committee heartily sub
scribe. The majority of voters In any district.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Itching
Scalp Humors
Cutioura Works Wonders in
Cleansing the Scalp and Re-
storing the Hair.
I waa suffering tortures from a diseased
scalp. I was scratching my head from morn-
ing till night. Little pimples broke out all
over my bead. I bad no rest. I got a cake of
CunccßA Soap and a box of Cutioura (oint-
ment). I washed my head about once a week
with hot water and Coticuha Soap, and then
applied the CrmccßA (ointment) as a dress-
ing. I only used one box of ointment and
one cake of soap, to be cured. Now, my head
hasn't a pimple on it, and my hair Is growing
splendidly. ADA C. HARRELL,
Feb. 21, 1898. 330 Grand St., Jersey City, N. J.
I was troubled with dandruff so that it made
my hair fall out so bad, I got discouraged. I
purchased abox of (ointment) and a
cake of Cutioura Soap. The formor I rubbed
well into the scalp twice a week, and then
sham i with warm water and a good lather
of Cuticcra Soap once a week. My hair is
growing out thick once more, and free from
terrible dandruff. Miss ADA JAYES,
Feb. 30, '98. 82 Webster Aye., Chelsea, Macs.
I had a bad scalp humor, and thought I
would go frantic with itching. I lost consid-
erable of my hair (of which I had an abun-
dance, and waa very proud). I tried several
remedies but they failed. I tried Cuticuka
Soap, relief immediate, and itching is com.
pletely gone. ' Mrs. M. JUDAN,
, Feb. 20, '98. 246 Halllday St., Jersey City, N. J.
LUXURIANT LUSTROUS HAIR
with a clean, wholesome ccalp, free from irritat-
ing and scaly eruptions, is produced by warm
shun poos with Otjticuua Soap, followed by light
dressings with CunctroA, purest of emollient
skin cores. I They clear the scalp and hair of
crusts, scales, and dandruff, destroy microscopic
insects which feed on the hair, soothe irritated,
itching surfaces, stimulate the fanir follicles, and
apply the roots with energy and nourishment.
BoM tJ>rmirti*rat the world. lumiDtrainCsn.
Cosr., feU Prop* . liotton. .-•.-. ,
or " tt Ftvdoot Loxn&tMt ttalr," n*l]*<] frtt.
In any community, those who turn the scales
In political contests are not greedy and selfish.
They do not vote merely for personal reasons.
They are Interested In men and methods. In
principles and policy, In peace and prosperity.
In a government for and by the people. It
Is equally false to assume that all political
workers are actuated only by selfish motives.
Political workers are not to be classed as bum
mers and leeches, for among them can be
found no more devoted or unselfish In the cause
of religion, philanthropy or education. If
there Is any reproach to make It Is not upon
men who fulfill their political duties In cau
cuses, oonunlttee-ropnii In a convention, on the
platform, at the polls, but for those who
are too iiuiifferent or too selfish to discharge
them. In his address upon the field of Gettys
burg, Abraham Lincoln said: We are resolved
that these dead shajl not have died In vain,
that the nation under God have a new birth
of freedom and that government of the peo
ple, by the people and for the people shall not
perish (rum the earth. If the party, locally,
have been led away from these principles It
Is the duty of those whose words may Influence
to lead It hack to the Magna Charta of self
jrnvernment. To the Republican party In this
city there have flocked, during the past few
years, many birds of evil omen, undesirable
tenants, who are making the house f>o fnul
thnt they are driving out the rightful owners.
Theseundesirnble acquisitions the masses of the
rarty would only be too glad to get rid of for
the party's good. To the man of Impartial mind
there Is scarcely an Imperceptible difference be
tween the integrity of the plain people in one
party or another. A wise, sagacious, political
leader should ever aim to prove to them, the
plain people, that whatever policy he may coun
sel. It should be from the highest motive of dis
interested Justice, and that under no consider
ation should he evince a vulgar greed to rob
his neighbors or seize their property. I'nder
Democratic boss rule taxpayers of the eountv
cower beneath the menace of Its Intolerable
lash.
The phenomenal corruption of the Boards of
Supervisors and Education, which has depleted
the working funds of both those departments
Is a hideous ppecter in the public eye. The
citizens and taxpayers cry aloud for redress
and gaze with alarm upon their lamentable
condition under the regime of so-called Demo
cratic reform. The Justice of their complaint
has no standing In the council of the rulers ap
proved by themselv<* at the ballot box. The
chain of unbroken evidence of Democratic mis
rule In nation. Ptate and county, wherever and
whenever that party has been intrusted to gov
ern for the past thirty years. Is visibly distinct
in the records of history. I^ike vice, '-It Is a
monster of such frightful mien, that to be hated
needs but to be seen." A detailed narrative of
its Infamous record, under the present municipal
government, would be dull, nauseating and
languid reading, and, like threshing old straw,
produce no material result because the press of
both parties has repeatedly excoriated the mal
administration of the present incumbents In
office. The patient Is terribly afflicted. What
Is the remedy? The Citizens' Republican party
saw the evil and prescribed a soothing tonic In
Its platform to alleviate the Intense fever In
the. public pulse: "We denounce the attempt
of any one man, be he millionaire or pauper,
to hold the Republican party in the hollow of
his hand, to control Its organization or ac
tions and to dictate Its nominations. Self-inter
est Is a dangerous level to be applied in the
conduct of political affairs. Every Republican
has a right to a vote In the councils of the
party, and while we recognize the desirability
and, indeed, the necessity of able leadership,
we declare no organization can or should exist
under the self-will domination of any single
Individual. Such attempts have prior to this
campaign failed." We reiterate and adhere to
those principles to-day. Eliminate the vulgar
mercenary boss who is ever the obsequious
crawling sychopant and slave of corporation
money, then and not until then will the people
govern themselves. The Citizens' Republican
committee vows Its undying hostility to all
political Hessians of the Kelly sans culotte
type and counsels him not to Intrude Into the
councils of decent Republicans, but. like the
cobbler, stick to his last, pursue his latest pro
fession — that Is, a broker for the evicted deni
zens of Qulncy street.
Chairman Forbes then announced the
following committees:
Finance— A. G. Knight, Arthur Spear,
T. B. O'Brien, G. W. Bayreuther and J.
F. Crowley.
Executive committee-^M. W. Coffey, O.
W. Bayreuther, T. B. O'Brien. J. J.
Nicholson, John Gardner, Samuel Bruns
wick. J. J. McCarthy, Bert Wren, D. J.
O'Brien and John S. Parry.
The committee then adjourned until
next Monday evening. After the meeting
the executive committee held a short ses
sion and elected M. W. Coffey chairman
and John S. Parry secretary.
TEACHERS WILL BE PAID.
All Outstanding Demands Passed,
but There Will Be Money.
There was a special meeting of tho
School Board yesterday for the purpose
of passing demands which ■would other
wise be in danger of going over Into the
next fiscal year and thereby adding to the
list of municipal creditors who have
been loßers on contracts that went be
yond the one-twelfth act.
The list of - demands amounted to
$7726 27, and after come objections from
members of the board the full amount
was passed. Included in the amount waa
an item of $720 which represented the
salaries of lumber experts, three of them
at $10 a day, and this was stricken out
of the budget in the first consideration
and was then passed by special motion, so
it all went anyway, and by to-morrow the
creditors can draw their money.
As soon as the creditors nave been
paid the teachers' warrants will be issued,
and as the treasurer has announced that
he will borrow from the other funds to
make up the deficit in the salary fund,
the teachers will be able to collect at
once, instead of having to wait as waa
the expectation.
During the meeting Mr. Hammond com
mented upon Mr. Waller and that gentle
man resented it, and personalities passed
between tho directors until Mr. Gallagher,
who was in the chair, called order with
his gavel. It was feared there would be
a fight, so the board adjourned to com
mittee of the whole and in privacy the
directors discussed the various items.
After twenty minutes they all came out
smiling and everything went through
without trouble.
The only demand now outstanding is
that of the superintendent of the Mission j
High School, and as there is no money
in that fund and his is not a statutory
office there will have to be some ma
neuvering before ho can legally collect.
ABTJSED HIS WIFE.
Mrs. Besorde Severely Beaten by Her
Brutal Husband.
Mrs. Besorde, living at 674 Bryant
street, was attacked by her husband, who
is a fruit dealer, last night and severely
injured. The unfortunate woman says
that she waa preparing supper when her
husband entered the house, and after
calling her several vile names struck her
in the face, knocking her against a table
He then seized her by the throat and
flung her against the stove, severely
bruising her arm. The injured woman
was taken to the Receiving Hospital
where her arm was dressed by Dr v'
Timothy Fitzgibbon. * '"•
L*&lmT tallor-mada iulU; latett (3cni ffn «: w*
five crtdlt. M. noth»child, 211 Butter, r. IA I
THE SAy FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUKE 14, IS9B.
THE DAY AND THE FLAG.
This Is the Birthday of Old Glory and San
Francisco Should Remember It
To-day will be sacred to the American flap, not only all over the United States and wherever Americans live
but particularly In San Francisco. It Is the one hundred and twenty-first anniversary of the birth of Old Glory
This city is noted for its liberality and patriotism. There Is not anywhere else a monument to Francis Scott
Key, the immortal author of the "Star-spangled Banner." The foresight and patriotism of the late James Lick gave
Golden Gate Park the beautiful monument to the author of our great national song. The monument was made In
Europe at a cost of nearly $100,000.
It Is fit that the city where this monument exists, the city where dwells Emma Frances Dawson, author of
"Old Glory," and the city where thousands of soldiers now debouch upon the avenues and camp upon the tented
fields should rejoice that the stars and stripes float over the homes of freemen.
Every house in San Francisco should be decorated to-day with a flag or flags. Every citizen who can afford to
buy the national emblem should wear one somewhere on his coat, and the young should be told the story of the flag
the history of American heroism and the principles of free government.
It was on June 14, 1777, that Congress decreed that this nation, then but a babe among nations should have a
flag of Its own. Pince that time Immortal glory has gathered about the stars and stripes, and deeds of heroism
have made it respected wherever liberty exists.
As early as 1776 Washington displayed a flag, which was the Union Jack, with stripes representing the colonies
while nearly every colony had a flag of its own. But after Congress adopted the flag no other colors were seen In the
land of the free and the home of the brave.
Representative men, from the Governor of the State down to those known specially in San Francisco have in
dorsed The Call's Idea that the day should be universally respected as the birthday of the flap Schools will have
special exercises, the monument of the author of "The Star-spangled Banner" will be draped with flags and em
bellished with flowers, and throughout the city there will be countless evidences that the masses remember the emblem
of their country's freedom and glory.
MAYOR PHELAN ISSUES A CALL TO CITIZENS,
San Francisco should celebrate the anniversary of the flag and
thus maintain her reputation for loyalty and patriotism. The national
anthem is the ''Star-Spangled Banner,' 1 and I do not know that any
other American city contains a monument to its author, Francis Scott
Key. Living in our midst is Emma Frances Dawson, the author of r 'old
Glory, ' ' and to-day the city contains an army ready and eager to carry
the flag to the remotest country where duty calls. Therefore, this is
a singularly appropriate place and time to celebrate the anniversary.
No proclamation has been issued calling upon the people to celebrate,
so what is done must be done spontaneously, and every citizen of his
own motion should wear the flag and display it from his house or place
of business .
WERE PREPARED
FOR PLUNDER
A Gang- of Highbinders
Cleverly Captured.
FIRED AT A POLICEMAN
ARMED WITH REVOLVERS AND
DIRK KNIVES.
All Charged With Attempted Burg
lary and One With an
Assault to Commit
Murder.
A gang of Chinese highbinders was
cleverly captured early yesterday morn
ing by Sergeant Harper and Policemen
" NOW YOU SEE IT AND NOW YOU DON'T."
THE LOCAL DEMOCRATIC PEA-AND-SHELL GAME.
Rooker and Brown while attempting to
break into a house in the rear of 10
Waverly place.
Rooker and Brown about 3 o'clock ob
served Blx Chinese acting in a suspicious
manner in front of the house. One of
them remained on watch outside while
the other five disappeared. The two of
ficers proceeded to investigate, and the
lookout ran along Waverly place. Rooker
gave chase and as the Chinese turned tho
corner of Clay street Rooker fired a shot
in the air to intimidate him. It had no
effect and as Rooker swung round the
corner the Chinese wheeled round and
fired a shot at him, but his aim, too, was
bad.
Sergeant Harper happened to he near
by and hearing the shooting ran in the
direction and he and Rook*>r overtook the
Chinese at Dupont street and soon had
the handcuffs on his wrists. They re
turned to 10 Waverly place and on going
to the rear, accompanied by Brown, round
the other five Chinese". They were
promptly placed under arrest and an In
vestigation showed that an attempt had,
been made to force an entrance into the
rear building by removing the bars with
the help of a "jimmy."
The six were taken to the City Prison,
where they gave the names of *Ah Loy.
Ah Gem, Ah Jung, Ah Quong, Ah Chow
and Ah Foo. When searched a revolver
was found upon Ah Loy, a large dirk
knife upon Ah Gem, a revolver upon Ah
Jung, a dirk knife upon Ah Quong, a re
volver and dirk knife upon Ah Chow and
Ah Foo. Besides they had two "jim
mies," a saw. several candles and two
bars of wood, all for use in breaking Into
a house.
Each was charged with attempted bur
glary; Ah Loy with assault to murder in
firing the shot at Rooker and the other
five with carrying concealed weapons.
They are a villainous looking lot.
They were arraigned in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday morning and at their re
quest the cases were continued for a week
to enable them to get counsel.
Wang Tong. a merchant from Santa
Rosa, called at police headquarters yes
terday and reported that an attempt had
been made to break into the residence of
his father-in-law on Sacramento street
opposite Waverly place yesterday
morning, but the burglars were scared off.
He was spending his honeymoon at his
father-in-law's residence and as all the
marriage presents were there it was
thought that the burglars had been after
them. The police think that the six high
binders under arrest made the attempt,
but being foiled, went to 10 Waverly place,
where they were captured.
Acted in Self-Defense.
The charge of murder against Captain
Antone Christiansen of the schooner Re
liance was dismissed by Judge Joachim
sen yesterday as the evidence showed that
he acted in self defense. On June 4,
Gustav Forstman went aboard the Re
liance to assault Christiansen because he
had cast off the lines of his boat which
was anchored near. Forstman struck at
< 'hristifinsen. and to protect hlmselt
Christiansen picked up a pair of large
pincers and hit Forstman on the head
with them, causing his death.
Died of Alcoholism.
Richard Wagner, a shoemaker residing
I at 605 Broadway, was found dead in his
room yesterday morning. An autopsy by
Surgeon Gallagher revealed the cause at
| death as cirrhosis of the liver, brought
I about" by excessive indulgence fti Intoxi
: eating drinks. The deceased was a native
I of Ireland, 49 years old.
SHORT AND
ENERGETIC
CAMPAIGN
Major McLaughlin's
Plan of Battle.
PARTY VICTORY ASSURED
STATE MACHINERY NOW IN
WORKING ORDER.
Active Operations Should Begin About
August I—Cheering1 — Cheering Results
of th« Oregon
Election.
Major Frank McLaughlln, chairman
of the Republican State Committee,
cannot call to mind a time in the his
tory of California when the prospects
of Republican success in a State elec
tion -were brighter than they are at
present. He cites many reasons for his
belief that the party will win a Rreat
victory in the election next November.
When asked yesterday when the
members of the State Committee would
be called together for the purpose
of designating a time and place for
holding the State convention, and*for
the further purpose of opening a vigor
ous campaign, he replied:
"It is the judgment of the leading
men of the party that the campaign
should be brief and energetic. The
members of the committee will be sum
moned to meet some time between the
middle of July and the first of August
and then steps will be taken to fix the
apportionment of delegates and name a
time and place for the meeting of the
convention to nominate candidates.
"I am not in favor of a long cam
paign," continued Major McLaughlin
''Considering that our party machinery
is in perfect working order there is no
necessity for opening the campaign at
this time. In fact, we are in close
touch every day with county com
mittees throughout the State. Our ma
chinery has been kept in motion all the
time. Our rooms have never been closed
since they were opened. We are not
obliged to organize early and arrange
a vast deal of preliminary work. Not
a day passes that we do not receive
letters from interior committees. The
responsive work is not neglected.
Literature is supplied and information
given.
"Formerly It was the custom to
abandon headquarters after election
and organize anew for the succeeding
- campaign. This required time to se
: cure rooms and get in touch with com
mittees throughout the State.
"The outlook for a Republican vic
tory in California was never more
promising. Members of the party are
sanguine and enthusiastic. The Oregon
victory is cheering. As an example of
enthusiasm and energy not'- the atti
tude of the Republican League of
Clubs. These organizations were never
in better shape and more confident of
winning out. The success of our fleets
on the ocean and our armies on the land
will add strength to the Republican
party. We will be ready to open the
campaign in ample time. We are or
ganized so effectively that the cam
paign once begun can be conducted
without a halt to a victorious finish."
F. X. SCHOONMAKER ARRIVES.
The Distinguished Republican Orator
Returns From a Stumping
Tour in Oregon.
F. X. Schoonmaker, the distinguished
Republican orator, who was in this city in
1596 and made a number of speeches in
the interest of the gold standard, arrived
yesterday morning from Oregon, where
he has been following out the same line
and from the sweeping Republican vic
tory his efforts have been crowned with
surprisingly good results. In an inter
view Mr. Schoonmaker, who is an exceed
ingly pleasant and affable gentleman,
said: "The result of the elections in Ore
gon surprised even the most sanguine,
and the victory was indeed a magnificent
one for the gold standard. I went to Ore
gon at the earnest solicitation of one of
my best friends, Congressman Tongue,
who was seeking re-election in a district
which had given Bryan a majority of 1700
in IS!W. I could not resist the entreaty
and did what I could to help him along.
How successful we were the reports show
and it would not surprise me to see the
Republican majority reach 12,000.
"It was a clean cut issue on the money
question. The campaign wm fought on
those lines and even the discussion of the
silver question was forbidden by the local
committee. Naturally the public speak
ers found themselves considerably cir
cumscribed and I. for one, found it very
hard to keep within the prescribed limits
as there is so much that is interesting to
be said about silver. On one side were
arrayed the gold Republicansand the gold
Democrats, and on the other a fusion of
every other party that exists under the
Fun. There were 16 to 1 Demierats, 16 to 1
Republicans, Populists, middle of the
road men and so many others I really
cannot remember them all. The result
was never for a moment left in doubt in
my mind, for ours was a good cause. It
was the grand majority which surprised
us all.
"I believe that the result in Oregon will
have an effect on the elections this year
in all the other States and I look for the
utimate and complete triumph of the
gold standard in the United States."
ELECTBIO CABS ON TAYLOB.
The Market-Street System Connect
ing the Turk and Ellis Street
Lines.
Chief Constructor H. H. Lynch of the
Market-street system of street cars
started a gang of men on Taylor 3treet
yesterday morning on the block between
Turk and Ellis streets taking up the old
rails that had done service on that street
when Reuben Morton owned the Turk-
Btreet line and when the "change cars for
Lone Mountain" had its transfer point at
Taylor and Turk. These old rails w-re
taken up yesterday and in their stead a
new track will be put down between ihe
two streets mentioned for a line which
will connect with Turk and Ellis by elec
tric power. How the connections are to
be made Constructor Lynch does not vet
know. All he knows is that the two
blocks mentioned have been ordered to be
put in condition for use of cars. Whether
the line will be continued down Sixth
?treet or not remains securely locked in
the breasts of the wise ones In the tall
building at Market and Montgomery
It is said, however, that an electric line
will be run down Eighth street in the
future to connect with the Bryant-street
inc. It Is noticed that the MaYket-streot
line has taken a sudden move in prf-ttinp
all of its old lines into shape as well as
asking for several franchises over new
lines. It is thought that the charter
lately adopted has something to do with
this general desire to put old lines in or
der and reach out for new.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
ilal'la j^y s/ITs7 „ ■"■ IfW
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦a
+ T
•^ ■ T X>"i" • -'•* +.
CARD TO THE
: PUBLIC. :
♦ +
+ . — >
"♦• We ordered 40,000 pairs of "♦"
4- Men's Shoes for the soldiers +
+ in* to Manila. When they ar~ +
a rived we found they were mads a
. with tips. Uncle Sam will not al-
low our soldier boys to 'wear sloes "*
I + with tips. They must all be riado +
+ with plain toes. Now we Ipve "♦"
I - these shoes on hand and we ar© -♦•
!4- £cin£ to sell them. 4.
! . They are made of fine French a
coif, hand-sewed welts. The on-
T^4 tract price was $5.00 per piir. "4"
4- Now we purpose to jjive the bete- "4"
4- fit to the people of the PacSlo +
j a Coast and will close out th<«o 4.
40.000 pairs at | 1
: $3^° per pair. ♦
♦ >
a. If these shoes arc not am repre- .a,
. sen ted return them at our expense
and we will refund the monej. "**
4" These shoes are made with the neV "4 1
4- .; style coin toe and square toes. J -414 1
|+. When you get a lot of &oods on -f.
j a hand by mistake and want to got a
rid of them it is easy to do so when .
"*" you sell them at one-half the re go- "T
4- lar price. We are using theas +
4- shoes to advertise our other line*, >•
4. and will only sell two pairs to one 4.
a customer unless they buy other _.
Z_ goods. 7"
"*" These shoes are now on exhibl- **"
4- tion in our large show window. At ■♦■
>• night we will have extra lights, +
♦ that the public may see this won- 4,
-+- derful bargain. / 4.
4- i—— !: 4-
"Remember the Maine" Souveiir 4,
. Cuttons free with every purcha«e. a
X MAIL ORDERS FILLED PROMPTLY X
I NOLAN BROS!?
X PHELAN BUILDING. £
X 812-814 Market St. E
"*" PHONE 5527. "*" '
O> ♦. ♦ 4- ♦ ♦ 4-4- ♦ 4- 4» 4- 4- 4- 4-P .
DAWSON CITY DIRECT.
The New Passenger Steamer
DIRIGO
POSITIVELY SAILS
SATURDAY, JUNE 18, 3 P.M.
FARE ®iSO.
Connecting: with the New Fast River Packet
CITY OF DAWSON.
Ticket Office 4-2 Montgomery St.
t. FINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST Of
§FINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
, WORKMANSHIP, at
10 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go to
JOE POHEIM
/ wA \W *» wool suits to* jo )n <fnr
/ nW Order from 4>IZ to $03
/y 1 Pantsfrom .. . $£ to J| (]
jPSp"'"'^^ 201 and 203 Montgomery St,
844 and* 848 Market St.,
1 11 0 and 1 112 Market St. San Francisco.
MADE ME A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
JtljL Xrrvou* HUtensia — Failing Mesa*
ory, lmpotency, Bleeple£snees, etc- caused
by Abuse or other Exreaees and Indie-
cretions, They quickly and turtlu
restore Lost Vitality in old or jonng. and
lit a man for etudy, basin&sa or marriagv,
pi'rerent Insanity and Consumption it
M Their ceo shows Immediate lmpror*.
inent and efforts a CDEE where all other fail In-
Blot upon haTing the genuine AJax Tablets. Th«y
nave cared thousand? and will cure you. We a poa-
ltiTe written guarantee to e3sct a euro Cfl PTC w
each case or rot uud the money. Price OVll I Wiper
package; or six pkces (full treatment) for $2.50. By
mail, in plain wrapper, upon receipt of pric«. Circular
'«•-, AJAX REMEDY CO., ?o cetS?>
For sale in San Frandaco by LelpnlU ft Ca«
13* Butter. No-Percentage Pharmacy. »i» HU.
"dr^mcmjltyT
rViJJH V.-ELL-KNOWN AND RKLIA^LE OLU
-»■ Specialist Prlv»te,N«rvous,Bloofiau<lSkln
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experience! «end for Boole, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hoars, 9 tot
dally ;6:.'»tf>«t.:»eT l trs. Sjr,<lnvs. 10 to 12. Ooosulta-
tioufree anil sitcredly confidential '"ail oraddreaa
JP. ROSCO92 JIcKITIiTT. M. i»..
•fl.^ Kearnr ■«■«•< Sinn I'ranriMu. CtH.
&S[tmm. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
[4lgr* J T2WB Five hundred reward for any case
p»3 MR! we cannot cure. This secret remedy
■f ," stops ill losses In 24 hours, cures
■■■ HBB Emissions, Impotency, Varicocele,
J^y* W » Gonorrhoea. Gleet, Fits. Strictures,
Hiiiil tiiAll Lost Manhood- and all wasting ef-
??"=i3 *i?*z fecta of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
&23ZS1S& pealed. $2 bottle: 3 bottles. $5, guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. So" Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale at 1073H Market St., 8. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
q visit DR, JORDAN'S G«,at
Huseuin of inafomy
J pSSV* ■■ visit DR, JORDAN'S °»»<
Museum of Anatomy
ICSI I: A3 2EX ST. tot. 6th * 7th, 3 . ?. CiL
t (Et^A B The Large? tor Us kind ioth-VwKJ. •
H&l" DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
\K- if ' Qk Con nlt»:t»n free. Write for K*ok
•I Philosophy of Marriage.
m h>ihc rw 11.1 1 .
PujiMiiwua
I HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- ■
Colorel Spots. Achea Old Sores, Ulcers ■
In Mouth. Hair-Pallia?! Write COOK HEM- 1
KDYCO. 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- M
CAGO. ILL., 'for proofs of cures. ; Capital ■
B S600,0(X), Worst cases cured la 15 to 36 uaya. ■ ■
■ 100-page boot free. ■■ f-- : [
■ ■ ■ ■ » ..-..■"