volume lxxxiii.— xo. 5«.
T was . a golden
day fur California;
;: sunlight;
n colors; gol
den memories, and
golden showers
from the sky-rock
et signals flashed
into the empyrean
t.i announce the
inaugural of the
Jubilee celebration.
Sharply at 7
o'clock the battery
of twelve - " n c h
guns at the "*re
sidio boomed the
Jubilee dawn. The
music of cannon
■which toned the
reveille o f the
waking and ex
pectant thousands
echoed in rapidly
reverber ating
peals. From Fort
Mason detonated a
secondary salute;
Alcatraz belching
forth a third and
Angel Island a
fourth.
Old and young;
the grizzled and
t-nfeebled remnant
of the makers of
the golden State; the sons and daugh
tprs who are building the superstruc
ture of the glorious foundation laid by
their pioneer ancestors; the boys and
girls who are to be the constructors
of the generation to come; the many
visitors attached in sentiment to the
traditions and progress of California;
all bestirred themselves, gay of heart
and impatient from longing and an
ticipation.
By the fourteen thousand persons
who participated in the parade, their
colors, costumes and accoutrements
were nervously adjusted, and all haste
was ma do to obey the imperative or
ders respecting the formation of the
column.
In the chill morning air uniformed
men and women scurried in all direc
tions to the several headquarters of
their organizations; society squads in
regalia gathered in front of designated
meeting places, and soon the thousand
Federal soldiers who were to give mili
tary eclat to the occasion began to
disembark and file into their assigned
flanking stations on the proposed line
of march.
As early as 8 o'clock throngs began
The San Francisco Call
to gather along the five miles over
which the pageant was to pass, and by
10 o'clock Market street between Kear
ny street and Van Ness avenue was
Jammed with noisy, merry and restless
men, women and children.
Bunting, flags and streamers were
everywhere; gold over all. As if by a
conspiracy of taste for a gorgeousness
of display that would have eclipsed in
any one block the flaming combina
tions of an afternoon of Rotten Row
splendor, the women had distinguished
their street costumes and head dress
in shades of red and green.
When the hour arrived for the head
of the column to get under way from
Market street Into Kearny the waiting
multitude was delighted to hear ttu
dif-nharge of the signal rockets and to
observe sailing afar overhead In all
directions strange freaks of the Japan
ese pyrotechnic craft, parachutes,
aerial ships and dragons. Simultan
eously fell on all sides the sizzling
golden meteors which told that the
spectacle was in motion.
At the turn from Kearny street Into
Market the mass of people was so
dense and difficult of restraint that the
column was frequently crowded for
elbow room, In spite of the energy of
the mounted police to clear the way.
.In passing this point two hours and
fifty minutes were consumed. The re
, markable fact was noted gratefully
that In the many societies and organi
zations embraced in the column every
county in the State had representa
tives, and that especially fine and en
thusiastic reinforcements had come
from the mining counties. Naturally
the chief elements of Interest In the
passing panorama were the Pioneers,
SAX FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1898.
the Native Sons and Daughters and
the children, who excited the liveliest
commendation for the 6pirlt and vete
ran-like discipline of their raove
!..• DtS.
Considerable delay at the head of the
procession was experienced at the turn
from Market street into Van Ness ave
nue. This had the effect of keeping
the tail end at a standstill while the
moving columns between tlv two
points kept advancing by start? until
there was at periods a provoking de
lay. General "Warfield. with his staff,
permitted two full blocks of daylight
to intervene between himself and the
United States Cavalry, which body
brought up the rear of that division.
In the meantime the school children
from the Horace Mann, Everett, Kin
con, James Lick and the Hamilton
schools were kept standing on the gore
of Polk, Fell and Market ktreeta ex
posed to the chilling wind that blew
into this eddy.
Principal Joe O'Connor, who had
charge of the little girls, felt keenly
for them, but there was no help for the
situation. They stood the trying or
deal bravely, their enthusiasm for the
Jubilee celebration more than counter
balanced their discomfiture. They
were anxious to participate in the cele
bration, and as a consequence uttered
no murmur as to their condition. The
California Pioneers, when that distin
guished body of men passed, the little
ones greeted with round after
round of applause. This was all the
more commendable as they were not
prompted to do so by their teachers.
It was spontaneous on their part, and
it is needless to say that the Pioneers
appreciated the compliment paid to
BIRTH OF THE
GOLDEN JUBILEE
! their pray hairs by the little school
girls. ■
FUN AND FROLIC
AT MARKET-STREET
TRIUMPHAL ARCH.
Boisterous Reception of the
Striking Features of the
Parade.
Foom-ta-rara!
Whiz!
The first sound was the band, the
second a rocket. Both occurred just
at the time that Chief of Police Lees
i and Lieutenant Blrdsall, sitting their
i chargers like ye knights of ye olden
tyme. rode under the grand arch below
i the Intersection of Market and Powell
\ streets. And following these two sounds
I came another — the most bedlamic mix
| ture of noises that ever had its origin
in human throats.
There were yells, whistles, howls,
i cheers and shouts. Everybody was
happy and everybody wanted every
body else to know it. That was what
the crowd had been waiting for all the
time, for the vanguard of the parade to
pass under that arch; It really seemed
as if from some inexplicable reason the
people assembled in the region of Mar
ket and Powell streets believed the pro
cession was not under way until that
I arch had overshadowed some one con
nected with it.
And the people themselves— they were
everywhere. If there was a coign of
vantage that was not occupied no per
son can b* foul I to tell why. The
I so densely thut
the polioe M.vl hard work to find a pas
■ay f. >r those restless spirits who
wanted to walk along and view thinps
from different points. The crowds
purged out into the street and kept
the mounted police busy, so busy that
they perspired with the exertion before
the second division of the parade had
j.;issed.
Every available window in the Par
rott building, the Baldwin Hotel and
all the adjacent buildings was occu
pied with persons of every race, age
and sex. Bev< n persons w.-re appor
tioned to each room of the Baldwin
; and the rooms had all been engaged
for three days back, more than three
hundred applicants being turned away.
Even the roofs were covered with a
blai k man of humanity.
The übiquitous street gamin was even
on the telegraph poles and the wire
stringers. in many cases at dire risk
of life or limb. One small chap lost
his hold and would have fallen on the
heads of those beneath him if it had
not been for the presence of mind of
a companion, who grabbed him with
one hand and held on with the other
until the little fellow could regain his
position.
The vanguard of the parade passed
under the grand arch at exactly 11:25
a. m., and the last stragglers to leave
its shadow did so at exactly 2:05 p. m.,
just two hours and forty minutes be
ing required for the long cavalcade to
pass a given point. During all this
time the crowd surged .and Jostled.
s< • mingly never growing weary, and
giving the effect of a great kaleido
scope, augmented by the bright wear
ing apparel of the feminine part of the
sightseers.
Following the division of police came
the Presidio regulars, their band play
ing Bousa'fl marches, the assemblage
cheering all the time. Then came the
National Guard, and those who had not
given some manifestation of approval
before embraced the opportunity to do
so for the citizen soldiers.
At this time there was a momentary
halt in the parade, and during this in
terval came a humorous interruption.
A Chinese woman, carrying a child in
h<r arms, essayed to cross the street.
When she was about half-wav over
a small boy yelled, "Gaze on dem fe
male Chinks, will ye?" And the crowd
gazed and quit moving around long
enough to laugh. Then it was ready
for something new.
Colonel James Smith and Dr. Rot
tanzi were vociferously applauded for
their horsemanship, and bowed their"
acknowledgments. The doctor was not
quite bo well at home as ho might be.
but took some gibes good-naturedly.
Nor did he "kick" when somebody
yelled that the audience was full of
high hats.
During the passage of the National
Guardsmen the women pushed so far
out into the street to view them that
the police had a hard time to get them
back. As they rode against the crowd
some of the women grew hysterical
and screamed. One was rescued in a
fainting condition. A little girl had
her foot severely bruised by a horse
stepping on it, but was hauled from
under the animal's feet by a bystander.
There was another halt Just as the
Naval Reserve began to pass under
the arch, and the crowd again surged
Into the street. One man refused to
retreat when ordered, and a stalwart
bluecoat grabbed him and tried to
shove him back. The officer's feet
slipped on a car rail, and he fell heav
ily, with the man on top. So angry was
the guardian of the peace at this mis
hap that he promptly placed the man
under arrest.
The veterans of the Mexican Y\*ar re
ceived another salvo, and so did the
Berkeley students. Mayor Phelan fol
lowed in a carriage with a veteran, and
wore his best smile for the occasion.
His arm worked his hat up and down
with the same movement that distin
guishes a pump from other machinery,
hut he tired not.
The Society of California Pioneers,
gray-haired and gray-bearded, was
cheered until the last carriage was
past Powell street. Judge Campbell
was mixed up somewhere in the pro
cession at this point, and got an un
merciful "Joshing."
"Hello, Jedge!" "Hooray for his
whiskers!" "No parade would be worth
a farthing without his Honor!" These
were a sample of the good-natured
Jests. And the "Jedge" bore them with
a calm smile.
Along with the California Miners*
Association came the Calaveras Coun
ty delegation, bearing a huge skull of
gilt, supposed to represent the actual
gold output of that county up to date.
A well-dressed lady shuddered as the
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
skull was borne by, and declared with
emphasis: "Horrid thing! That's a
fit emblem for the nasty gold. that has
cost so many people their lives." The
lady in question wore several gold
rings, a gold watch, glove-buttoner,
card case and purse, with gold border
hung from her belt, while she wore
gold-rimmed eyeglasses and carried In
her hand a gold-handled parasol. And
that is why the bystanders smiled
quietly to themselves, and some- were
rude enough to wink.
When the California Commercial
Travelers passed by on Henry Crock
er's tally-ho, drawn by a spanking six
NEWS OF THE DAY.
■Weather forecast for San Fran-/
Cisco and vicinity: Cloudy on Tues
day, with rain and possibly light
snow flurries: southerly winds.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco 46 degrees
Portland S2 decrees
Los Angeles 54 degrees
San Diego ...52 degrees
FIRST TO FIFTH PAGE.
The Golden Jubilee.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
Hawaiian Labor.
The Huntington Message.
Full Steam Ahead.
A True California Pageant.
A Changed Boodler.
British Aristocracy.
"Individual Thoughts," by a Modest
Critic.
Stories From the Corridors.
SEVENTH PAGE.
New Bills at the Theaters.
Desperate Attempt at Suicide.
News of the Water Front. -
EIGHTH PAGE.
j The Hideous Tragedy of St. Helena..
Southern Pacific to Pay Taxes.
Ohio Bribery Scandal.
Fifty Die by Fire. •;.«':
NINTH PAGE.
Cleveland Opposed to Annexation.
Rioting Again at Algiers.
Germany's Game In China.
Field Trials for Dogs.
TENTH PAGE.
An Interesting Double Wedding.
Warships Sail for Havana.
Los Angeles Water Fight.
Two Ranchers Slay a Third.
Found the Secret of Death.
ELEVENTH PAGE.
Congress Hard at Work.
Why White Was Chosen.
' ' TWELFTH PAGE, i
Rush for the Klondike Begins.
Commercial World.
THIRTEENTH PAGE.
News From Across the Bay.
FOURTEENTH PAGE. ■"'
Racing at Ingleside.
Dr. Fine and the County Hospital.
FIFTEENTH PAGE. '.
Births, Marriages and Deaths.
•i.. ' V.'.;- ' SIXTEENTH PAGE.
Dr. C. O. Brown Confesses.
Light on the City Hall Dome.2
PRESIDENT McKINLEY
WILL ELECTRIFY THE
GOLDEN JUBILEE BELLS.
The Golden Jubilee Mining Fair at Mechanics' Pavilion will
be opened with an Impressive ceremony on Saturday evening:
next, January 29. at 8 o'clock. The President of the United States
will touch a button in Washington which will at that hour ring
the Golden Jubilee bell in the Pavilion, thus inaugurating the
fair. The following is the correspondence between Mayor Phelan
and President McKinley:
San Francisco, Jan. 22, IS9B.
To the President, Washington, D. C: Headed by the Society of
California Pioneers, various organizations of this city are-, preparing
an extensive celebration of the fiftieth anniversary of the discovery
of gold in California and have called it California's Golden Jubilee.
The Governor and myself are members of the committee and the
Governor has proclaimed Monday, the beginning of the festivities, a
legal holiday. The exercises extend through the week, culminating
on Saturday evening, the 29th inst.. in a grand opening of- the Golden
Jubilee Mining Fair, one-half the profits of which goes to some pub
lic purpose and the other half to the Mechanics' Institute, which
owns the building. It is in these respects a public affair.
On behalf of the citizens of San Francisco, I respectfully request
your consent to touching an electric button on the evening of Satur
day next, which will ring the Golden Jubilee bell, thus inaugurating
the exposition. ■;.-.
I have wired our representives in Congress to see you in refer
ence to the matter. Relying upon your interest in even this remote
section of our common country, I am, with great respect,
JAMES D. PHELAX, Mayor of San Francisco.
Executive Mansion, Washington, D. C, Jan. 24, IS9B.
Hon. James D. Phelan, Mayor of San Francisco, CaL: The Presi
dent will be pleased to comply with your request to open the Golden
Jubilee Mining Fair on the 25th inst. Kindly have all necessary ar
rangements made with the telegraph company and notify me of the
exact time when you wish the formality to occur.
J. A. PORTER, Secretary.
horse team, with W. B. Hobart's bugler
on the box, there wasn't one of them
that a part of the assemblage didn't
know, from President Merehon down
to Louis Berger. Attorney John J.
Kennedy rode with the turnout.
The Veteran Firemen came in for
another big demonstration, but when
the Wild West show came along every
budding aspirant for Buffalo Bill and
Jesse James honors in the crowd sim
ply turned his lungs on in full force
and quit only when exhausted. One of
them clapped his hands v,u<\ promptly
fell off his pen-h on the side of a tele
graph pole, but damaged <>nly the toes
of an elderly gentleman, who forgot that
he was not on the prairie or some other
place where the feelings can be re
lieved through the mouth.
The Native Sons got their full share
of the adulation. Richard J. Mier and
Dr. Siberst of Stanford Parlor were "in
it," especially with the female contin
gent. The Jubilee Queen received the
best compliment of all. The suscepti
ble portion of the youth pre.=ent drew
In their breaths and only looked,
looked until she was nearly by, and
then yelled. From the ladies their w;is
a chorus of "Ohs!" and "Ahs!" and
"Isn't she sweet?" Henry Llcbenstein,
holding on. with both legs clinched
tightly against his ii»ry char;: r>
Bid"?. graced Olympus Parlor in the
march, and was applauded like the good
fellow he is admitted to be.
The coming of the Native Daughters,
Bnowy-robed and smiling at their re
ception, was heralded by shouts be
fore they were at Ellis street. "Where
are the Native Daughters?" had been
the one question before that.
The advent of the Ancient Order of
Hibernians was greeted with a round
<'f cheers and good-natured references
to incidents of Irish history. Tom
Sharkey, fighter, mounted a rail at this
juncture in order to see better. He
wore a pair of bright red gloves and
soon had focused on him the gaze of
all near.
"There's Tom Sharkey, the prize
fighter," said a young woman. "Naw,"
was the contemptuous response of a
newsboy standing near, "that's Shar
key. the faker."
The German brigade was well treat
ed, as was the Y. M. I. and the League
of the Cross Cadets. Chief Food In
spector Dockery and Market Inspector
Ben Davis drew forth audible com
ment. "Is this better than standing up
milkmen, Jim?" shouted an admirer.
And Dockery grinned.
The group of Digger Indian squaws
excited much curiosity and .laughter,
but it took the Chinese companies,
with their ludicrous attempt at mel
ody, to tickle the fancy of everybody.
At 2:05 p. m. the last of the strag
glers was past and then the people
started for home on the double-quick,
you could hear only one expression
then, and that was. "My, but ain't I
hungry."
At no point alone the entire line of
ii was the crowd denser than at
the intersection of Van N'e.s s and
n Gate avenues, where it was an
nounced the Lieutenant-Governor and
the grand marshal, with their staffs,
would review the parade. As early as
B o'clock people began to assemble nr
that point, pre-empting the doorsteps
<>f private residencea and swarming
into die Mercantile Library until every
window was filled with caper sight
seers. Still others provided them.
with chairs and home-made benches
which they planted on the sidewalks
and mounted in blissful ignorance as to
the convenience of their fellows.
Soon the enterprising 1 owners of ox
wagons drove up. their vehi< lea
provided with boards laid across the
of th'- boxes, ready t" acoomnao
date those who preferred to part with
a quarter to being jostled by the
throngs. These wagons were drawn up
- Qolden Gate avenue on both
sides of Van Ness, completely dosing
the street and leaving no space for the
reviewing officers except along the
curb. .
l',y 10 o'clock the crowds had grown
to Bach proportions that passage along
the sidewalks was a slow and difficult
proceeding and pedestrians took to the
roadway in preference. Mothers were
there in plenty standing nnoomplain
fngly for hours with infants in their
arms, while the older hopefuls saw
and were seen from coigns of vantage
on paterfamilias' shoulders.
During the morning hours the sun
shone brightly and there was just
enough breeze to make the atmosphere
bracing, but with the coming of the
advance guard clouds Obscured the
sun, a stiff north wind whistled down
the broad avenue and the teeth of the
spectators rattled a long roll that th>*
biggest drum corps in the procession
could not have discounted. Noses as
sumed a purple tint, hands sunk deeper
into overcoat pockets and handker
chiefs were made to do duty as
mufflers, but nobody thought of going
home; on the contrary, the crowd was
constantly augmented.
Just at noon a glimmer of bright
uniforms was seen turning into the
avenue from Market street, and a
shout went up, "Here they come."
Five minutes later Chief Lees and
his splendid body of police swung past.
Beyond that first shout there was little
noise. Had it been two hours earlier
there would have been shouts and
cheers for everybody, for when the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TVESDAY, JA2BTTABY 25, 1898.
crowds first began to assemble there
was plenty of enthusiasm waiting for
thins to cause it to bubble over.
Bat hours of waiting- had dampened
this ardor and the people were content
to watch th.- spectacle in silence.
Occasionally some particularly strik
ing feature would call forth a feeble
expression of approval, but that was
all.
During the passage of the first part of
, the procession then- was ample oppor
; tunity to admire its attractions, but
i when it began to countermarch nnd the
wing officers had taken station
| the west Bide of the avenue, there
I was not room enough to accommodate
, the double column together with the
'. people, and in consequence breaks be
came frequent, and at times the line
; became almost demoralised.
When the head of the procession
reached the reviewing point on the
countermarch, a halt was made to en
able Lieutenant-Governor Jeter, Grand
Marshal Morse. Generals Barrett and
Mulkr and their staffs, with the cav
alcade of aids, to take up their posi
tions, and th» j n the review began. It
was noticed that the fit-Id music of the
army, with the exception of the cav
alry, did not give the customary salute.
This may have been "according to regu
lations," but it was in marked contrast
to the salutes of the National Guard
drummers and buglers.
One part of the parade that the spec
tators stationed on other streets missed,
and which was probably the prettiest
feature of the whole line, was the bat
talion of public school girls. The boys
had taken their position in line at the
toot of Markei street and marched the
entire distance, while the girl? formed
on the avenue and fell in line in from of
the boys as the procession turned off
Market street. Dressed in dark blue,
with canvas white leggins and caps,
the misses marched in "company
front," double rank, with a precision
that was astonishing. Their alignment
v;-s perfect, th-y stepped in perfect
time, and up and back the whole length
of the avenue th-ir marching was supe
rior to that of either the regular or vol
p troops. It was remarkabl? that
a large number of girls could be so
■ ctly drilled in so short a time, and
their appearance reflected great credit
on their drillmaster.
When the splendid band of the First
Infantry, N. G. C. reached the review
ing stand it wheeled out of line, and,
stationing itself directly in front of the
reviewing officers, played until the
troops }'ad passed, and then hur
ried to Woodwards Pavilion to furnish
music for the* literary exercises,
s«.on after Lieutenant-Governor Jeter
and Generals Barrett and Muller. with
their staffs and the Signal Corps of the
National Guard, forced their way
through the blockade on Golden Gate
avenue, leaving Gran<l Marshal Morse
and his ui«ls to review the remainder
of the line alone.
When the beautiful float of tb> Ger
man Parochial School, drawn by four
white horses, was directly opposite the
reviewing officers, the single-tree broke,
necessitating the detachment of the
leaders and causing a slight delay.
Aside from that there was nothing to
mar the parade at that point.
STARTING THE
MAIN COLUMN
ON ITS ROUTE.
Promptly at 10:30 O'clock the
Mounted Police Are Swung
Into Line.
Promptly at 10:30 the platoon of
mounted police that was to lead the
parade swung into line on Sansome
street at the corner of Market and
Btood ready for the word to march. It
was in command of Corporal Shanahan.
A few minutes later Chief of Police
Lees, leading six platoons of police
headed by Bennett's band, turned into
Sansome street from Bush and halte.l
close behind the mounted men. The
six platoons were made up from Com
panies A, B and C, in command of
Captains Wittman, Spillane and Gillen
respectively. Lieutenant Birdsall acted
as aid to Chief Lees. They had no
sooner taken their places when the
word came from the Grand Marshal
that the different divisions were In
readiness for the parade and the word
to march was given. As the mounted
men swung into Market street at 10:45.
a quarter of an hour after the time set
for the parade to commence, a bomb
was fired announcing that ;he line had
started.
Grand Marshal Dr. John F. Morse
and his staff came next. They fell into
the parade behind the Park band and
moved close up to the platoons of po
lice. They were all mounted and were
as follows--:
Grand Marshal, Dr. John F. Morse;
chjef colonel James F. Smith;
Chief aid. Colonel John Koster: special
aid to grand marshal, Clarence R. Wai
ter.
State aids to grand marshal— Hon.
Jackson Dennis, Yarn; v W. Oaskill, Am
ador; Hon. J.>hn Boggs, D. H. Arnold,
T. A. McMahon. F. L. Glass. Con
tra Costa; John McMullin, Fulton v.
Fresno; Lieutenant T. 11. Chope,
Humboldt; George N. MeDow, N. V.
Wemple, Larsen; Charles A. Lauff,
Thomas I{. Estey, Marln; P. C. Rossi,
D. S. Dora, M ;
Hush, Nile* H. Wulfl Jr.. Kapa; l'rank
Mathieuson, Lieutenant *& a. Mlddleton,
A. X. Judd, R. P. QuTnn. Santa Cruz;
1. A. Blackinan, Lewis U. Kirby. San
. J. Oscar Joins. Frank \l. Wehe,
F. K. Lam . W. R. Nutter. San
iin; D. F. Mahoney, S. D. Ballou,
San Luis Obispo; F. C. Stanford. Dr. D.
F. MoQraw, Banta Clara; l>:\ C. L. Hard.
Hon. Thomas A. Rice. Ventura; R. 11.
Brown, M. C. Keefe. Tolo; E. A. Forbes,
William Knglund. Yuba; J. EL Shine, F.
W. Williams. Tuolumne.
Aids to grand marshal— Dr. C. M. Ar
mistead. J. W. Ahearn, Hon. J. F. Barry.
H. w. Branstein, w. W. Byington, S. A.
Horu, J. J. Barrett, John Burns. C H.
Buck, C. B. Buttle I>. B. Bowley, Wil
liam G. Badger. 1.. I- Battles, B. 8. Bat
tles. L. Chaldecott. Dr. w. I. Chalmers,
Dr. li. F. Clark. M. C Cotipman, H. L.
Clark, John Curtis. C. F. ( urry. M. B.
. I>. F. Crowley, Jose Cnstro. K. J.
Cline, M. Caminetti, A. Decourtieux,
Charles Durham, A. N. Dethlefson. J. C.
Dunin-. J. F. Donovan, R. S. Deckle, C. 1..
Davis. C. B. In rw, W. A. Dean, H. R.
:■>, I. J l»unne, T. R Dwyer. <J. W.
Dixon, Charles N. Elllngwoed, George
Eastman. Dr. c. J. Fitsgibbons, S. G.
Follis. F. I*. Fleischman, J. D. Frey, O.
R. Fletcher. William Fahey, P. Flanagan,
William M. Fitzhugh, J. C. Freese. .1. c.
Follis, Dr. F. Gray, John Ganey, Eu^ne
J. Gamhier. ]•:. l\ Cites. W. Gudehaus,
Julian Gabriel, Henry c.ibbs. Dr. H. H.
Hart. Walter Hinltle, M. Heller, J. R.
Haake. R. Hochstader, C. H. Hilhert, 11.
i>. Hadenfeldt, w. j. Hayes, w. i>. Ho
bro, Dr. w. j. Hawkins, George Hassel
bach, William clarence Hanrahan, J. L.
Halliday, M. Jockers, 80l Jacoiis. c. l.
Jacobs, W. P. Johnson. F. S. Kelly, H >n.
F. H. Kerrigan. Allan Knight. E. A. Keil,
Hon. Julius Kalin. 1 >r. J. M. Kane. T. A.
Lane. J. J. Lerman, H. J. I. ask. Dr. T. W.
H. Leland, Al 1.. Langerman, H. A. Lav
.li. Thomas Lyons, Charles Llnder
man, Thomas Lane. A. W. Lehrke, Bert
Morrow, Dr. W. A. Martin, J. L, Meares.
C. F. Morel, T. C. Meagher, Dr. F. J
, X \ " i. i>- Mullaney,
H. J. Morton W. C. Miller, E. J. Mur
phy, Dr. W. O. McCarthy, Thomas Mc-
Carthy, v :■ y, P. McHugh, a.
McQuade, J. J. M< Laughlln, T. E. Mc-
Quade, John B. McDougal, Charlea W.
Newman, P. F. Noonan, N. Nathan, H.
P. Oliver. Dr. A. P. O'Brien, Dr. J. W.
rke, Dr. J. B. O'Donnell, Joseph E. |
O'Donnell, K. J. O'Reilly. Frank Pi
Dr. J. Putiiiira. Prancw H. Pittman,
<;t-iirK.- H. Peters, I. P. Powelson, Arthur
M. Quade, Dr. T. C. Rethers, A. C. Russ,
William H Br., R H. Russ, Dr.
J. G. Spencer, Charles Stallmnn, R. A. ;
Smith. Dr. F. Stlrewalt. Dr. M. Solomon,
Frank L. Sheerin, Dr. Georgo P. Shields,
F. P. Sherman, Ed Schnutenhaus. H.
Stern. P. J. Silk. Frank Scully, Frank T.
Shea. Fred Suhr Jr., H. A. Bar horn. C.
R. SUII well, A. Staude, Thomas G. Spil
lane, Oscar Tolle. W. P. Taylor. A. B.
Tread well, A. de la Torre. S. J. Theslin,
R. H. J. Taylor, James B. Tyson. Alex G.
Vogelsang, A. R. Vaughn, F. C. Wegener,
Dr. Conrad Well. William G. Wells, R.
Welsh. L. A. Wt'rtz, Halleck Wright, W.
E. Wallace, F. p. Weight-.
His Excellency Lieutenant Governor
Jeter, accompanied by Brigadier-Gen
eral and AdJ itant-General Andrew W.
Barrett, Colonel and Assistant Adju
tant-General Robert L. Peeler. Judge
Advocate-Genera) John T. Harrington.
Colonel and Surgeon-General William
F. Hopkins i... ntenant-Cokmel W. i>.
Banborn, IJ.utHnant-Ookmel W. J.
Younger, Lieutenant-Colonel J. E. Doo
llttle. Lieutenant-Colonel J. S. Young.
; ; . •! A. Andrews, Lteu
tenant c ilonel Frank Vail, Lieutenant-
Colonel W. E. Fisher. Lieutenant-
Colonel George H. Pippy, Lieatenant-
Colonel P. L. Bush and Lieutenant-
Colonel K. L. Dunn of the Governors
staff. The Lleutenant-Governor an>l his
staff were escorted by the Signal Corps
of the National Guard, under the com
mand ol' Captain Philip J. Perkins.
Then came the United .States troops
and the militia and the divisions of
the parade in their order.
The line moved up Market street
with the police In front, breaking a
way through the great crowds that
formed across the line of the march. '
They soon cleared a way and the line |
turned down Montgomery street. The
route led along Montgomery street to j
Montgomery avenue, then along Kear- ;
ny back to Market, then out Market
to Van Ness avenue. There the line
went up Van Xess avenue out as far
as Jackson street where It counter- .
marched and camp back past the re
viPwinK stand at the corner of Golden
Gate avt'riui-.
All aiontr the route of the procession
the police had to ftght the crowds that
Insisted or tilling the roadway to the
middle of the street. The police, how
ever, did s;ood work and they kept the
! way pretty clear all along the line of
! the procession. It was a pood-natured
1 and enthusiastic crowd they had to
deal with. Their ambition was to en
croach over the curbstone and cheer
the divisions of the parade as they
went by. The soldiers were welcomed
by a waving of handkerchiefs from the
ladies along the line of march more
than they were cheered. That, of
course, was to bo expected. The Celtic
and German divisions came in for much
of the enthusiasm that was displayed
along the line. The Irishmen cheered
their division and the Germans tried
to outdo them, when their division
came along immediately after.
\ antage places from which to view
the parade were at a premium. Every
window along the line was crowded
and small boys hung on the cornices of
the buildings at the immediate ri=k of
falling off and breaking their necks.
Some enterprising young men had
boxes to rent on which those in the
rear on the sidewalks could hire and
stand to see over the heads of those
who, with more forf-sitrht, took up
places early on the front of the curb
an. l won an uninterrupted view of the
procession as it passed. Camera en
thusiasts were profusely scattered
along the route and every move of the
parade was photographed.
STIRRING DISPLAY
OF A THOUSAND
FEDERAL TROOPS.
Gallant Officers of the Regulars
Admired by Feminine
Critics.
The troops of the United States army
artillery and cavalry, gained distinc
tion in the parade for a display highly
creditable to the service, m compli
ance with orders from department
headquarters the column of Federal
troops under the immediate command
of Colonel M. P. Miller, Third Artillery
assembled at 10:15 a. m. and formed
on the east side of Market street with
the right on Sansome street
The Government steamer General
McDowell brought over the toot bat
teries from the island stations and
landed the artillerymen at the Clay
street wharf. The light batteries and
the First Infantry came in direct from
the Presidio to the point of rendezvous.
Karly morning activity was required to
brine: all the troops from the various
garrisons in line on Market street at
the time appointed for the movement
of the column.
Promptly at the time designated,
10:15 a. m.. Colonel Miller, accompan
ied by his adjutant, First Lieutenant
Morris K. Barroll of the Third Artil
lery, halted at the intersection of Bat-
tery and Market streets. A few min
utes later Colonel Smith, N. G. C, chief
of staff of Grand Marshal Morse, ac
companied by Lieutenant Colonel Kos
ter, rode up to the Federal commander
Colonel Miller pointed down the street
where the head of his approaching
column was in view. Th>? Third Artil
lery came into position without delay
or confusion.
Lieutenant Colonel E. B. Williston,
who <* commanded the regiment, pre
sented a superb military figure. Decked
in the full uniform of his corps, his
stature, which is far above that of- the
ordinary man, was heightened by the
red plume of the artillery. He sat erect
on his fine horse. A murmur of delight
ran through the ranks of spectaors.
Small boys approached the horse with
a sense of timidity, and young ladies
gazed at the veteran soldier with
glances expressive of admiration. Colo
nel Miller sent orders for the Third to
march on up to Sansome street and
wait until the column in the rear, was
closed up.
Next in order came the First Infan
try, .whose regimental record is equal
in renown to that of the gallant Third
Artillery. Colonel Evan Miles, post
commander, at the Presidio, wore his
new eagles and displayed many of his
decorations, gained in long service. Be
side him rode his adjutant. First Lieu
tenant Everett E. Benjamin, at whom
many of the ladies all along the line
from, the ferry to Van Ness avenue
shot glances of sweet approval. . First
Lieutenant Leon S. > Roudiez, quarter
master, rivaled Mr. Benjamin at every,
point of admiration. Captains Brant,
Starr and O'Connell of the First led
their respective companies in fine mili
tary style, but as they were not mount
■my pf the spectators were de
prived the pleasure of Inspection.
The Third Artillery and First Infan
try were each marshaled in two bat
talions. The first battalion of artillery
was commanded by Captain James
O'Hsj? and the second by Captain
Stdgwtck Pratt. Captain Pratt's rank
may not entitle him to the first place
in the procession when the O'Haras
are on the field, but he has all the ele-.
ments of a fine commander. Only a
strict regard for army regulations pre
vented a presentation of bouquets to
the gallant captain.
The first battalion of infantry was
commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel
William H. Bisbee, and the second by
Captain L. O. Parker. The light ar
tillery battalion of the Third followed ,
the infantry command. It was led by
Major David H. Kinzie, and gained its
full share of Jubilee laurels. As the
artillerymen rested on their caissons,
they had time to discuss the pretty j
girls on the floats and review pictur- :
esque features of the forming proces- i
sinn. Liuht Battery F was command
ed by Captain Ramsey D. Potts and
Light Battery C by Captain Joseph M
Califf. The turnout of both batteries j
was splendid.
The squadron of the Fourth United !
States Cavalry, commanded by Lieu
tenant-Colonel Louis T. Morris, -was
one of the inspiring features of the
procession. The alignment of the
respective troops, moving up Mar
ket street, was excellent. The horses
seemed to take as much pride as the
men in the display. The yellow plumes
of the cavalry were in keeping with
the dominant color of the day. Troop
C was commanded by Captain Gale
Troop X by Captain Rodgers, Troop I
by Lieutenant Charles T. Boyd and
Troop B by Lieutenant John M. Neall,
An ambulance, drawn by four mule 3
followed the cavalry. It was the «en- <
timent of the populace all along the
line that the squadron of Uncle Sam's
cavalry was not surpassed yesterday
The foot batteries of the Third Ar- :
.tillery and the companies of the First
Infantry found the marching space too
narrow for company front order and
so they marched in platoons. For ex
ample, the right of one platoon touche 1
the north side of Market street and the
left of the platoon, immediately in
rear, touched the south side of tho
street. The full space of the roadway 1
was therefore kept open for the troops
It was observed that citizens mani- '
fested great respect for the regular
;oldlers nnd did not crowd in to break
:he alignment of the troops. The First
infantry paraded 400 men, the Third
Artillery 400 and the Fourth Cavalry
200. Exclusive of the two fine bands
there were fully 1000 regular soldiers in
line. The cavalry buglers elicited
many compliments. The Third Artil
lery and First Infantry bands obtained
a full share of the popular applause.
The military musicians did not blow
themtselves out while the troops were
forming for the parade, but held their
resources for the enlivenment of the
main pageant of the day.
The second section of the first divi
sion was made up of the Second Brig
ade of the National Guard of the State
of California, the Naval Militia, the
University Cadets, the Cadets of the
Mount Tamalpais Academy, Troop A,
Cavalry, a division of the life-saving
service of the United States, the execu
tive committee of the California
Oolden Jubilee, the Veterans of the
Mexican War and municipal and State
officials.
By virtue of the seniority of the
colonelcy the Fifth Regiment of In
fantry, Colonel Fairbanks command
ing-, had the right of line and came im
mediately after General Warneld. com
manding the Second Brigade, and his
staff. All the companies of the regi
ment not having been provided with
full-dress uniform appeared in service
uniform with fatigue hats and pre
sented a good appearance, showing the
personnel of the regiment to be a very
fine one. This regiment experienced
some little difficulty in falling into line
at the start by reason of misunder
standing as to the position the com
panies should occupy in the formation,
and at the last moment it became ne
cessary t& march them up a side street
in double time in order to enable them
to assume their proper position. There
was another difficulty, unlooked for.
and that was the non-arrival of the
horses provided for the mounted offi
cers. These, however, turned up after
the line was in motion, and the officers
for whom they were selected had to do
a little mounted gymnastics in order
not to delay the column. The com
panies of the regiment were F of Oak
hind. Captain Wenk. 56 men; G of
Alameda, Captain Simpson, 50 men; H
of Napa, Captain Bush, 45 men; D of
San Rafael, Captain Elliott, 50 men; B
of San Jose. Captain Partridge, 55
men; E of Santa Kosa, Captain Haven,
50 men; C of Petaluma. Captain Mo-
Lay, 40 men, and A of Oakland. Cap
tain Poulter. 50 men. Their marching
was pood and showed considerable at
tention to drill.
After this regiment came the pride of
San Francisco, fcbe First Infantry.
commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Du
boce. acting in the absence of Colonel
James F. Smith, who was chief of staff
of the grand marshal of the day. The
commanding officer was attended by
the regimental staff. The twelve com
panies In three battalions wore the
full-dress uniform of the guard, and it
is not often that the regiment appeared
to better advantage on parade.
As the companies filed into the main
column they were the subject of much
favorable comment, and it was well
deserved, for the uniforms were neat
and clean, the accouterments were in
proper condition and there was a lack
of slovenly appearance that had been
marked on previous parades.
Major Charlefl Boxton was at the
head of the first battalion. Major Hugh
T Sime at the head of the second and
Major Charles I* Tilden at the head of
the third, his first appearance in near
ly a year, during which time he was on
the sick roll.
The regiment marched in the follow
ing order: M, Captain O'Neill, Lieu
tenants Carroll and Hogan, 60 men;
I, Captain Richter. Lieutenants Huber
and Tobin, 60 men; E. Captain Rob
ertson, Lieutenant Jordan, 45 men; A,
Captain Connolly, Lieutenants Ballin
gei- and Brown, 50 men; H, Captain
Warren, Lieutenants Davis and
O'Brien, 50 men; B, Captain Filmer,
Lieutenants Sturdivant and Ramm, -IS
men; D, Captain Creagh, Lieutenants
White and McGurren, 48 men; L, Cap
tain Eggert, Lieutenants Curzon and
Adler, 45 men; X, Captain Cunning
ham, Lieutenants Finley and Seely, 60
men; C. Captain Dumbrell, Lieuten
ants Goodell and Petty; F, Captain
Miller, Lieutenant Nippert, 45 men, and
G, Caplain Sutliffe, Lieutenants Spar
rowe and Swasey, and after the com
panies came th. sanitary corps, carry
ing stretchers and all that is required
are Major W. D. McCarthy, surgeon;
in the field. The officers of the corps
Captains P. J. <H. Farrell, Theo. Reth
ers and A. P. O'Brien, assistant sur
geons, and Kenneth S. Mackenzie, ser
geant. The regiment was preceded by
the First Regiment band and the regi
mental field music.
Then followed the Golden Gate Mili
tary Band, which headed the naval
militia, or, more properly speaking, a
battalion thereof, commanded by Lieu
tenant Commander T. A. Nerney. At
the head of the division walked Lieu
tenant William. E. Elliott, aid to Cap
tain L. H. Turner, division commander
of the entire militia. In carriages at
the head of the two divisions rode Cap
tain Turner, Dr. Harris, Engineer Oifl
cer Klngsley, Ordnance Officer Burke
and Signal Officer Smith.
There were two divisions of the mil
itia, the first commanded by First
Lieutenant Dennis and the second by
Lieutenant Gyhn. The men in the
battalion numbered 140, and wore the
uniform of the Jack Tars, brown leg
gins, dark blue pantaloons, blue shirt?,
web belts and the regulation head
covering. As their Hotchkiss guns are
on board of the Marion at Mare Island
they turned out as infantry. They pre
sented a very creditable appearance.
There was also in line the color guard
and the hospital corps, with stretch
ers and the appliance* that belong to
it.
After the boys who are to man the
Marion came the battalion of univer
sity cadets, under command of Lieu
tenant S. A. Colman, U. S. A. The
young men were attired in service uni
form and they were much praised for
their neat soldierly appearace and
splendid marching. There were com
panies C, Captain Miller; E, Captain
Jacomini; A, Captain Wigmcre, .and D,
Captain Peart. In addition there was
the signal division, numbering 72, com
manded by Captain Ramsey, and the
bicycle corps, numbering 20, command
ed by Lieutenant Wagner. The boys
from the university numbered in all
020. The bicycle corps, whenever the
pavement permitted, gave an exhibi
tion of their skill in riding and keep
ing in line, and wherever they could
make such a showing their perform
ance was noteworthy for its precision.
They were followed by the cadets of
Mt. Tamalpais Military Academy, un
der command of their instructor, Lieu
tenant George EL Sage, U. S. A. They
were under the immediate command
of their company commander, Captain
W. J. Hoggs, and numbered 60. They
also presented a neat appearance. The
last of the military portion of the sec
tion was Troop A, Lieutenant M. Bur
nett, recently elected captain, but not
yet commissioned, commanding. The
troop, mounted, turned out 45 men in
fatigue uniform and made a good
showing.
Then followed a double line of ten
carriages, in which rode forty-seven of
the veterans of the Mexican war, a sin
gular coincidence forty-seven men who
fought in the war of '47. There were
many of the old veterans who are so
far advanced in age that they are wait
ing the last roll call, but some felt
such an interest in the celebration in
honor of the country which they helped
to win for the Union that they came
from various parts of the coast, one
as far north as Tacoma, in order that
they might be in the parade. There
wore in that portion of the parade
Major E. A. Sherman, Wellington C.
Burnett. L. Cranz, M. White. Captain
D. Howell. S. I). Sirine, J. C. Laylor,
J. A. Cooper. William L. Duncan,
Pierre Drydenie, V. Tiburcio. A. Sten
zel. H. Vogelsang, Captain J. T. Mil
ler. Daniel Carpenter. F. Schupp, Law
rence Sallinger. Henry Schwartz, H. T.
Gregory, J. Bannister, J. H. Lawrence,
Fred Meyer of Tacoma, Ferdinand
Meyer of Pan Leandro, W. iCahilg,
Captain Robert Cleary, Michael Cor
coran. Peter Carson, Frank B. Ray. J.
C. Walker. L. Ellis, Peter Snellback,
H. W. Kurlbaum, C. R. Lambert, A.
Wood, George Bingham and W. H.Franklin. On the breast of a number
of these old soldiers was displayed the
Scott medal.
Following the cavalry came the men
of the Golden Gate Life Saving Station,
which is under the direction of Major
T. J. Blakeney. There were sixteen men
In the uniform of the service, under
command of Captain James Hodgson,
who is in charge of that particular sta
tion. The men marched four abreast
and after them came a cart drawn by
two horses, tandem, on which was a
box containing the life lines, bombs,
fakir's boxes, and then another vehicle
drawn by two horses tandem on Which
there was a life boat, and after that
there was another vehicle drawn by
four horses, on which was a large surf
boat.
A number of carriages brought up
the rear or" the second division. In
these rode General John Bidwell and
the following named members of the
executive committee of California's
Golden Jubilee: T. J. Parsons, chair
man; Henry I,unstedt, secretary.
Mayor James D. Phelan, S. H. Daniels.
Pier Tiffany, Edward Coleman, S. X
Thornton. T. 1.. Ford. John H. Grady.
Mrs. Belk> W. Conrad. Mrs. Mary E.
Tillman, Henry S Martin, Jacob H.
Neff and J. H. Jewett. In other car
riages rode the members of the San
Francisco Board of Supervisors.
The second division, under Marshal
John F. Plnkham, formed at Steuart
and Market streets promptly at 10:30
o'clock, and within ten minutes the
column was in the line of march
It was led by a float truthfully rep
resenting "The Aborigines."
As of yore the aborigines led the
Pioneers.
Marshal Pinkham and aids, E. Mc-
Geary. Gart Bouton and James Gree
lano, then came in military array, and
musicians who had the honor of es
corting through the streets those who
had toiled in behalf of family and State
played with all their energies. Car
riages containig President of the Day
John H. Jewett. Orator of the Day
Niles Pearls, Chaplain of the Day Rev.
S. H. Willey and Reader of Poem Miss
Clara Whittenmeyer, Vice-Presidents
William P. Harrington, L. A. Booth
and Dr. D. D. Cleveland closely fol
lowed. S. S. Rowe. Alexis Torey and
Governor R. Paeheco, ex-Presidents
John S. Huttle and Powell then
came, followed by over hundred car
riages carrying Pioneers of the Golden
State.
As the parade formed, the Santa
Clara County delegation came in order,
among those in line being President
James E. Gordon, Secretary Alexander
Murgotten and Miss Dixon. Then the
companions of James W. Marshall
rolled into view.
As the venerable Pioneers passed
down Montgomery street a cheer went
forth from the throats of a seething.
crushing mass that was heard afar and
went echoing on its way to be but re-
turned hy anxious thousands who were
awaiting t<» give voice to their thoughts:
that now come those who made the
State of sunshine and of flowers.
The older men were first to pass in
line ready for the parade; probably
from the tardiness ingrafted in the
younger sons, but they waited with pa
tience, though eager for the fray. Thoa.
Eager, who came In '46, Robert Bragg
of '49. William M. Mendenhall '45, a
Bear flag man; James McChristien, '45.
who also saw the Bear flag made and
taken and who crossed the plains be
fore must men; James Gregso-n, who
came to California in '45; George H.
Baker in '49; M. Shellinberger in '44,
and who claims to be the oldest Pio
neer, S. Stivers in "46 and R. C. Kirby
In '4C. J. B. H. Cooper came with them
and was proud of it.
Then the senior members came as an
army. Representatives from every
count}' in the State were there. A. F.
Goss, M. F. Turner, C. D. Bonestell, R.
11. Fairchild, W. H. Fass, Captain Wil-
liam N. Shelley, J. B. Larcombe, John
S. Hittel, Judge Robert Thompson, A.
B. Paul, S. W. Holladay, D. B. Moody,
Thomas Nelson, E. H. Lennox, R. W.
Patton, James Moffitt, D. R. Provost,
"William B. Osburn, Pioneers of San
Joaquln, Andrew Wolf, B. Harleson, R.
E. Wilhoit, R. C. Sargent. A. C. Blos
son, Peter J. Hahn, George Gray. B.
Watsons, H. M. Jones, E. R. Hedges,
H. M. Fanning, John Shields. Among
the Alameda County Pioneers were
Captain H. H. Ellis, David Oliver, Miss
Lucy Ellis, C. W. Haakins, J. H. yon
Schmidt and J. S. Carrie were seen in
line.
Then the junior members, carrying
a banner of the Society of the Califor
nia Pioneers, made of white and gold
Filk and inscribed "Organized in 1850."
came in order. They numbered ISO
strong, and followed in their turn.
Major Meyers, Sam Gardner, W. H.
Shelley and Mike Slater were among
the mounted Pioneers in the parade.
■The mining division. 200 strong, then
swung Into line with Division Marshal
T. T. Lane of gallant Calaveras, and
his aids, carrying the line of march. A
float, representing Tuolumne County,
on which miners of early days worked
at gravel rockers, was next In line. The
picturesque Calaveras County Jubilee
band of twenty-six pieces led the
Veteran Guard of California, Lieuten
ant Eugene Wiegand commanding.
\ The band was dressed in the regulation
[miner's garb, with oil lamps on their
hats and trousers tucked in their boots.
Th«y looked like miners, but played
like musicians, for such they are. A
Spanish navigator float was in the line
of march, and a float representing Cal
averas County was one of the features
of the day.
On the platform drawn byfftur horses
a large skull, golden in color, was
erected above a tunnel in which miners
were at work. An inscription. "The
County of Skulls," carrying out the
time-worn legend, was painted on the
banners; $100,000,000 has been taken from
the county, and the banners also be
spoke that fact. The float was made
under the supervision of the Calaveras
County band and W. T,. Hummel,
"hairman of the Miners' Association of
that county.
Then came President of the State
Miners' Association Neff in a carriage,
with W. W. Montague. Professor S. B.
Christy and E. H. Benjamin, followed
by County Representatives J. J. Craw
ford. S. J. Hendy. Julian Sonntag, J.
P. Hollaron. Major Mcßride, William
H. Smith, William Martin. R. C. Wor-
den, Fred Zachler, George Mainhart,
James O'Brien and William L. Hon
nold. president of the Calaveras Asso
ciation, and Attorney F. J. Solinsky.
The day was veritably a Golden Jubi
lee.
ANCIENT FIREMEN
ACCOMPANIED BY
OLD-TIME MACHINES.
flartin Van Buren's Engine
Contrasted With the New
Water Tower.
The third division was organized and
ready to move long previous to the Is
suance of the order to advance. When
the clarion notes of the bugle sounded
for the third to join the line of march
it was about 10:40 a. m. The division
rested on Spear street, its right ex
tending to Market, and when the order
came it was the work of only a few
minutes to swing the columns into the
city's main thoroughfare and it then
continued on its scheduled route.
Men in the strength of youth, in the
prime of life and in the gloaming of
human existence: fire-fighting machin
ery with the rust of a hundred years
upon it and again mighty constructions'
of steel, fresh fro-m the painter's brush,
made up the third division. At the
head of the column rode Marshal Colo
nel J. H. Burns. Behind him, in com-
memoration of Balboa, who ages ago
christened the Pacific, when dreary
sand dunes and tangled forests marked
the spot where San Francisco now
stands, a float, "The Spanish Naviga
tors," was drawn along. It was a ship
of clumsy lines and fan-shaped sails,
but a true representation uf the egg
shell craft in which Balboa used to
brave the ocean storm centuries ago.
Then came the young and the aged, the
old and the new.
George C. Bohen, president of the Ex- j
empt Firemen's Association, led his
comrades in the cortege. A long line
of carriages in which the hoary headed
Exempts were seated came next, and
behind the strongest of their lot
marched, dragging along with them the
first and the oldest fire engine on the
Coast. The old engine, a mere toy
when compared with a modern fire
fighter, was manufactured in New York j
in I*2o, and was . subsequently pur
chased by President Martin Van Buren.
I When the gold rush in the latter fordes
I con mended '.he engine, whlcn hac", low;
since left the possession of President
Van Buren. was hitched behind a yoke
of oxen and brought over the plains
to the land cl the setting sun. It "as
j c/ist here anl there for a tlni" 1 . .and fin
! ally found permanent occupation in San j
Fr; nciscn. It was usei for three yean !
by the Extwptfi in their ; - battles with
the flames, but finally, in 1852, a better
etigl:i<? was constructed by tha firemen
and Martin Van Buren's "toy" was laid
away forever.
The engine of 1852 followed its pre
decessor and the gray haired men who
drew it along the streets were cheered
and cheered again by the crowds that
lined its route.
The Board of Fire Commissioners,
George T. Bohen, Joseph S. Marshall;
Frank G. Edwards, Colin M. Boyd and
John W. McDonald, and Chief D. T.
Sullivan in carriages were next in line.
Behind them rode a number of Ex
empts, whom age and accident had dis
abled. Modern fire apparatus, consist
ing of Engine No. 2, the machine that
was awarded the first prize at the
"World's Fair at Chicago, hose cart,
i chemical engine, hook and ladder truck,
fire patrol and the latest constructed
water tower.
The tower is one of the most formida- j
ble "fire fighters" in the department,
I and was designed by H. H. Goiter, 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1898.
master machinist in the fire depart
' ment. The huge machine stood out In
strange contrast beside Martin Van
Buren's "toy" that preceded It but a
few yards in the line of march. It Is
built almost entirely of metal; brass,
steel and bronze entering largely in its
construction. It is a mefailic telescope
'■ tower, the inner tube being of brass
1 and twenty feet long, the outer tube of
steel, which can be extended twenty
two feet high. The machine attracted
unusual notice owing to the fact that it
was built entirely in this city and ex
perts say far surpasses any apparatus
imported from the Eastern States.
The veteran volunteer firemen's band
was next in the line of march, and with
its music set the pace for their com.
radea behind. The l?st of the third di
vision was mado up <>f visiting firemen.
Vallejo Hook and Ladder No. 1 were
the proud possessors of an old engine
i built in 1859. This its members drew
proudly along the streets until the
parade was ended and then took their
treasure to the veterans' headquarters,
where it will be zealously guarded until
the days of the Golden Jubilee are past.
NATIVE SONS AND
DAUGHTERS ESCORT
THE JUBILEE QUEEN.
Her Entourage Presents an Im
posing and Inspiring
Spectacle.
The fourth division was composed
principally of Native Sons and Daugh
ters of the Golden West and in point
of numbers and display of brilliant
colors was a veritable kaleidoscope.
They formed in good order and time
on Main street, moving thence into the
main column. The male sections of
this divison were handicapped by the
fact that a great many members were
obliged to turn out with the various
military companies to which they be
long, but they made a splendid show
ing nevertheless and they were re-
ceived all along the line of march with
genuine expressions of hearty admira
tion. Especially was this true of the
fair sex who took part. They were
greeted with salvos of applause, and
ejaculations of "ohs" and "ahs" along
the entire route.
The Native Sons all wore their re
galia, the yellow sashei. being emblem
atic of past and present officers, the
red for trustees and blue for the mem
bers themselves. All the parlors were
preceded by two beautiful silk flags,
the Bear flag of the California Repub
lic, and the American flag, and in addi
tion by their respective banners, which
in pome cases were packed by hand,
in others rolled along on nickel-plated
bicycle trucks with pneumatic tires,
and still others drawn in more up-to
date style by Shetland ponies.
First came the float representing the
early Missions of California. At the
door of the little chapel sat two aco
lytes dressed in red cassocks and white
surplices, their names being Clyde
Hillings and Raymond Glynn. Then
followed Marshal Edwin L. Head, a
prominent member of Stanford Parlor
and at present school director. He was
mounted on a coal black steed and
wore the regulation yellow sash and
plumed hat. His aids all wore som
breros, and among them Dr. William
Acland H. Oronhyatekha in full Indian
costume. He is a descendant of Joseph
Brant, a full-blood Ifbhawk heredi
tary war chief of the Iroquois Six Na
tions. The other aids were: J. J. Don
ovan, W. F. Ambrose, W. L. Goodwin,
C. B. Fenn. W. A. Deane. F. J. Hille
brandt, William Barton, J. E. Feeney,
H. L. Mulcreavy, H. Llchtensteln. F. C.
Gerder, Judge J. C Groezinger, W. A.
Peake, H. G. W. Dinkelsplel. James O.
lUley, O. F. Lunge. J. D. Hauser, A. C.
Pintolesi. Joseph D. Cavanaugh, J. L.
Holliday, L. H. Kohn, W. E. Ashmore.
The grand officers were next In car
riages, among them Judge Connolly,
grand president; Frank Mattlson,
grand vice-president; Henry Lunstedt.
grand secretary; Grand Trustees
Fletcher Cutler, Joseph Hawkins and
Joseph Coffey. and Past Presidents
George Clark. Frank H. Dunne, Justice
Garoutte, Thomas Flint and T. Jones.
The first section of this division was
led by Section Marshal L. E. Nonne
mann and his aids Henry Faure and
J. B. Kennan followed by mounted In
dians, who varied the monotony by in
dulging in lusty war whoops (returned
in kind by the onlookers), Mexicans
and mounted miners in costume; the
Independent Rllles (escort). Captain
L. Schneider commanding.
The N. S. G. W. float came next. This
was the "thirty-first star of the Union,"
and the bright particular star was im
personated by Miss t. Brown.
Then followed in order California
Parlor, No. 1; Camp No. 4. Argonauts;
Pacific Parlor, No. 10; Golden Gate Par
lor Band; Golden Gate Parlor, No. 29;
Mission Parlor, No. 39; San Francisco
Parlor, No. 49; San Francisco Boys'
Club Association, Lieutenant C F.
Seltz, commanding, escorting El Dorado
Parlor, No. 52; Rlncon Parlor. No. 76;
Yerba Buena Parlor, No. 84, and Stan
ford Parlor, No. 76, which turned out a
large number of members.
Section 2, led by the Marin County
Band, was commanded by Section Mar
shal W. D. Shea, with John Henning,
J. C. Ohlandt and Frank Christmas as
aids.
This section formed in the following
order: Mount Tamalpais Parlor, No.
64; Sea Point Parlor, No. 15S; Nlcasio
Parlor, No. 183: Piedmont Parlor, No.
120: Athens Parlor, No. 195; Brooklyn
Parlor, No. 151: Redwood Parlor. No.
166; Alameda Parlor. No. 47; Sunset
Parlor, No. 26; Mayfl.-ld Parlor, No. 166;
Palo Alto Parlor, No. 82: Observatory
Parlor, No. ITT: San Jose Parlor, No. 22;
Bay City Parlor. No. 104; Niantic Par
lor. No. 105: National Parlor, No. US;
Columbia Parlor, No. 121; Hesperian
Parlor, No. 137; Alcatraz Parlor, No.
145; Alcalde Parlor, No. 154; South San
Francisco Parlor, No. 157, with float
"California," whi«"h was designed and
built by members of the last named
parlor. A very pretty one it was, too.
drawn by four large white horses, each
weighing 1,900 pounds. The predomi
nant color was yellow, and "California"
was represented by Miss Irene Graves,
her attendants being Pearl Squires and
Josie Hoare. The float also carried the
parlor's banner and a huge stuffed
bear and eagle.
The third section formed in line of I
march under the direction of Marshal j
S. A. White, led by Sequoia band. Miss ;
Mollie Brown and Mrs. Ida Kellenber
ger acted as aids, and the strains of the
music heralded the approach of the
Jubilee Queen, Miss Minnie Klevesahl.
A four- horse carriage followed the
music, in which were seated Mrs. ;
Torres, the oldest Native Daughter in
the State of California, who was born
at the Presidio of San Francisco In 1826.
She was accompanied by her husband,
and cheer after cheer was heartily
given as the carriage passed along the
line of march.
Then Sequoia Parlor No. 160. Preclta
Parlor No. 187. Olympus Parlor and the
Olympus Parlor band, Presidio Parlor
No. 194, Wistaria Parlor No. 127 in car
riages gaily decorated with California
poppies and jubilee flags. Oakland Par
lor No. F>o and Dnnner Parlor No. 162 of
Truckee passed by. A float entitled
"Golden Star of the Union" followed in
line with the Queen enthroned on Its
spacious platform. The stars and
stripes and the beauty of the Queen
stirred the blood of the onlookers as
nothing more had previously done. Ar
rayed in regal garments, surrounded by
her attendants. Miss Rita McCarthy,
Miss Mabel de Rose. Miss Ruby Cam
eron. Mips Isabel Pommeroy and Miss
Nettie Kapp, the fair Queen occupied
the ambulant throne of a scene not
soon to be forgotten.
The red. white and b!ue mingled with
brighter colors as the float glided along,
and as the Native Daughters from the
various parlors of the city followed in
white riding habits mounted on spirited
chargers, an anxiety was felt as to
which portion of the section would be
most pleasing to the eye. The white
velvet habits with yellow-lined capos
and white fedora hats trimmed with
gold stars and cord lent animation and
color to the already dazzling pir-ture.
At their head r^de Miss Bertha Gar
diner, a little girl, the mascot of the
cavalcade: th" Miss.-s Anna Brown,
Mary Hurke, A. L. Donaldson, Erma
Lindsay, Laura I?aker, Mattie Farris,
[* MTcDoosaU* Lucy Granger. A. L.
Farren, Nettie Care, L. McComb, L.
Fitzgerald, and Mesdames Charles
Levy, J. C. Fit zpai rick, Esmond and
Ives.
There was much indeed to interest
and entertain in this division and the
Native Sons and Daughters are to be
congratulated on their fine appearance
and the enthusiasm which character
ized them in lending their best efforts
to make their part of the parade an
unqualified success. They were most
orderly and marched with a military
precision not often found among: civil
ians. Some of the parlors turned out
over a hundred men and this is a re
markably good showing.
Especially was there a profusion nf
silken banners and the letters X. s. G.
W., done in golden popples (which is so
much easier to spell and pronounce
than esohscholtzia). was a noticeable
feature, borne as th»y were by two In
dians and t\v.> Mexicans in their char
acteristic costumes. The whole divis
ion was essentially a native production
and without making any invidious
comparisons it was as good as could
be seen in the whole parade.
A feature of note was the three
bands, composed respectively of Golden
Gate. Sequoia and Olympus Parlors,
which discoursed music in splendid
style.
SONS OF IRELAND
GAYLY CELEBRATE
CALIFORNIA'S DAY.
Symbolic Representation of the
Raising of "Old Glory"
at Monterey.
The fifth division representing the
Celtic organizations formed on Drumm '
street, with the right resting on Mar- I
ket. The majority of the local socle- I
ties of the Ancient Order of Hibernians
first assembled on Ninth street and
marched behind the Hibernia Band to
the place assigned for the division to
form in line. The men were in place
at 10:30 o'clock awaiting the order of
the grand marshal for the procession
to move.
At the head- of the division was a
handsome float representing the rais
ing of the flag at Monterey. The de
sign was that of one of the old-fash
ioned houses of early days with a wide
veranda running around. Grouped on
the veranda were a dozen people
dressed in accordance with the styles
of the period represented, while above
their heads floated an American flag.
Behind the float came Division Mar
shal P. J. McCormick, Chief Aid T. R.
Bannerman and Aids Bartley Lee, J.
J. Meehan. Francis Boland, J. J. Dono
hue, P. Broderick, J. H. Dolan, F. P.
Scully, T. Nolan, If. Farrell, J. P. Ser,
William A. Ryan, T. B. Hilliard, J. J.
Donovan, P. Flanagan, J. P. O'Connell,
Captain M. J. Wren, Daniel Sheerin, S.
R. O'Keefe, J. D. Roche, Thomas Sea
rey, P. Kilkenny, "William O'Shaugh
nessy, Eugene O'Connor and R. Shep
ston.
The first section of the division was
under the command of J. P. Dignan,
assisted by J. P. Henry, Edward I.
Sheehan, Frank Conklin. P. J.
Keller, L. Fitzgerald, R. J. Meehan
and John Kenny. Following behind the
Hibernia Band came the Knights of the
Red Branch Rifles, one hundred strong,
under the command of Captain J. F.
Casey. The riflemen acted as an escort
guard for divisions 2, 3, 5. 8, 9, 10, 11,
12, 14. 15. 16. 17, 18 and 20 of the Ancient
Order of Hibernians of America. The
members did not wear any regalias
but had pinned to the lapels of their
coats bits of green and yellow ribbon.
Several caniages containing clergymen
and officers of the order brought up at
the end of the section.
J. C. Murphy was marshal of section
2, with D. M. Murphy as chief aid and
C. D. O'Gara, James ODea, John
Geary. F. It McAllister, J. M. Doyle,
J. C. McAvoy. E. J. Murphy and M. J.
O'Gara as aids. Marching in close
rank behind the Artillery band of Oak
land came divisions 1, 2, 3. 4 and 5 of
the Ancient Order of Hibernians of
Alameda County. Members of the order
from adjacent towns fell in behind the
Alameda delegation.
At the head of section 3 of the divi
sion was a large float representing one
of the famous round towers of Ireland.
The tower was an Imitation of granite,
and was profusely covered with moss
and Ivy brought from Ireland. At each
of the four corners of the float were
living figures representing Ulster,
MunFter, Connaught and Leinster, the
four provinces of Ireland. The thirty
two counties were represented by
young ladies dressed in white, wearing
green sashes. Seated on the side of a
mountain in the rear of the round
tower was an Irish harpist playing old
time Irish melodies. The sides of the
float were further adorned with hand
some shields, on which were painted
pictures representing some of the Irish
heroes.
The section was marshaled by Peter
J. Tamony, assisted by P. ML Mc-
C.ushin. P. H. Flynn. Martin "Walsh. B.
Gorman. James Conniffe. P. Walsh. J.
J. Connolly. J. B. Heagerty. J. J. Dunn,
J. F. McDonald, Thomas Gainford. P.
H. McGinerty, J. H. McGinney. Wil
liam Mulvin. H. J. Caveny and J. J.
Donovan. Then came the members of
the Celtic Union, composed of the fol
lowing organizations, marching to the
strains of martial music: St. Patricks
Mutual Alliance of California. Knights
of St. Patrick: Unity Alliance No. 14,
S. P. A. of America; Harmony Alliance
No. 15, Excelsior Alliance No. 11. Pa
cific Alliance. Oakland Alliance No. 5
and Union Alliance No. 16. S. P. A. of
A.; Gnellc Literary Society, CouiUy
Monaphan Social Club. County Leitrim
Club, Tyrone, Fermanagh and Donegal
Social Club, Knights of the Red
Branch, Knights of Tara and the Wolfe
Tone Club of Oakland.
MILITARY DISPLAY
OF DISCIPLINED
GERMAN SECTIONS.
Escorted by the Hannoberanner
Verein on Massive Wh ite
Chargers.
The sixth division began forming at
10 o'clock on Beale street. Division
Marshal Rudolph Herold Jr.. with his
aids, quickly directed the various or
ganizations to their proper places in the
division. Owing to the length of the
divisions that preceded theirs the Ger
mans had a wait. Their turn to march
at last arrived, and they swung into
line behind the Irish societies.
A float representing the discovery of
gold headed the division. Miss Florence
Aswell, dressed in the costume of
Eureka, sat on a golden hall, holding
in one hand a shield and in the other a
wand. Her feet rested on scenery de
picting undulating land, and on which
was a roof showing a shaft that had
been sunk.
Division Marshal Rudolph Herold,
accompanied by his aids, A. H. R.
Schmidt and Edward Aigeltinger, fol
lowed immediately after the float. They
wore yellow and white sashes and som
breros, and were mounted on horses
decorated with military trappings.
"Section Marshal Dr. F. P. Muffe and
his aids, Henry M. TVreden, Henry
Wederky, H. Kuhls and Paul Ehren
pfort, rode with the Hannoveranner
Verein. The latter organization made
one of the most striking pictures in the
parade. Mounted on white horses were
over 120 members of the society. Each
wore a white and yellow sash and a
black beaver hat with a silver star at
the side. The company was in command
of Captain J. M. Foge, who was assisted
by Lieutenants August Meyer, Fred
Eggers, Henry Belmer and Richard
Jorgens.
Ritzau's Band of twenty pieces head
ed the San Francisco Schuetzen Verein.
The 120 men who were in the ranks
made a handsome appearance in their
close fitting uniforms and their breasts
covered with medals won at various
shoots. Captain Bohls commanded, and
was assisted by Lieutenants J. F.
Thode, H. Stelling, D. Yon der Mehden
and E. Ibsen.
Next in line were the Red Men's
Schuetzen Company. Green uniforms
and red trimmings composed their dress
and the forty men in the ranks pre
sented a fine military appearance. Cap
tain H. Greib commanded and William
Dressier and M. Dioeckert acted as his
lieutenants. Open carriages in which
veteran members of the San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein were seated followed.
Ex-Captain J. Wulzen, C. Hilderbrandt,
C. Hadenfeldt. H. F. Maaes, C. Nob
mann, F. L. Pape. Henry Frank and A.
Bahrs occupied carriages.
The following veteran members of the
Hannoveranner Verein were also In
carriages: B. "Windeler, Louis Junker,
I H. Greltmann, H. B. Goecken, Freder
1 ick Alvis, J. Fundeling, Henry Heit
| muller, John Kortjan, J. F. Helms, J. J.
jHoltermann, D. Hollings, C. Clausen, H.
; Lohmann. J. Wierik, A. H. Kunst and
| H. Flathmann.
The carriage bearing A. Rahwyler,
I A. Rtrecker. Philo Jacoby and William
| Ehrenpfort attracted much attention. A
: sign notifying the people that they were
| instrumental In winning for California
I the championship in the great Centen
1 nial shoot at Philadelphia In 1876 gained
i them many cheers. On top of the car
riage was a solid silver cup which they
hold as a trophy.
Other California Schuetzen Club
members in carriages were J. C. Waller,
L. C. Babin. T. J. Carroll, Wm. Nolden,
John Horstmann, Adolph Utschig, D.
Roberts and F. C. Muller.
In a wagon decorated in Jubilee col
ors was Chief Marker H. Liebert and
his two sons. A large transparency
was sh'iwn, on which was painted the
ring, bullseye, man and point targets
which are used by the California
Schuetzen Club.
The second section of the division
was in command of Marshal F. A. De
nlcke, who was accompanied by A.
Dierks and W. Utschig as aids. A
float containing forty pretty young
girls of the San Francisco Turn Ver
eln led the section. It represented Pa
triotism, Gymnastics, Shooting and
Fencing, the different branches taught
by the organization. The girls were
dressed in the uniform used in the
gymnasium. Captain Charles Z. Zim
mer also occupied a Seat on the float.
Ebert's Military Band and the San
Francisco Drum Corps escorted the
San Francisco Turn Verein. First
came the shooting section, and then
forty members of the organization,
dressed in gray suits with red belts,
each man carrying a silver wand. Fif
ty young gymnasts, dressed in the
same costume minus the wands, fol
lowed in their wake, and along the line
of march they gave a splendid exhi
bition in fancy drilling. Professor
Barth, their gymnastic instructor, also
marched. The Turners were com
manded by Captain Attinger and Lieu
tenants Fred Komer and Joseph
Straub.
The division was lengthened by the
Vorwarts Verein and Rchwaben Ver
ein. The Backers' Verein Band joined
in filling the air with sweet melody,
and led the way for the members of
the Backer Verein.
A. Becker was marshal of the third
section and was assisted by Aids
Thomas Meyer, Charles Loesch, Charles
Rihn. Alfred Hooper and August
Brusse.
* The Verein Eintracht was well rep
! resented by its shooting and turner
i sections and members. Yon der Meh
den's band, discoursing patriotic airs,
led the society on the march.
In the shooting section were fifty
members, dressed In gray uniforms
with green facing. Their fine military
appearance won them many encom
iums. The company was commanded
by Captain F. A. Kuhls. He received
able assistance from Lieutenants Otto
Thiel and E. Jessen. The Turners were
led by George Steffins. A wagon load
ed with yong girl members of the so
ciety, dressed in their gymnasium
suits, followed. Nearly 100 members
of the Mission Turn Verein turned out
and helped swell the numbers in line.
The fourth section was commanded
by Marshal G. Braun, who had as his
aids C. Weggeman, E. Mohr and R.
Stolzenwald.
The San Francisco Bakers' Verein
attracted great attention by wearing
the insignia of their office, white caps
and white aprons. Leading the way
for the older members were six bright
little children dressed as their elders
were. Selo's band furnished the music
THE JUBILEE WAS WISE
STOCKTON, Jan. 24.—Govern
or James H. Budd was seen at
his home this afternoon by a Call
representative, and at the men
tion of the celebration in San
Francisco the Governor ex
pressed his deep regrret that he
and Mrs. Budd could not par
ticipate in the festivities of
the day. An attack of his old
enemy, the rheumatism, was re
sponsible for his being deprived
of the pleasure, but he had fol
lowed every detail of the prepar
ations and knew what a great
affair it would be, as San Fran
cisco never did ai.ything by
halves. When asked what
thoughts the day suggested to
him, the Chief Executive handed
the reporter the following ex
pression of his sentiments:
J. D. Spreckels, Proprietor of the
San Francisco Call:
The Jubilee was wise. It com
memorates the discovery which
set in motion those great ener
gies which gave California its
early Statehood and prominence,
and it should mark the begin
ning of a new era when like en
ergies applied to our other and
greater resources will make Cali
fornia one of the greatest and
brightest stars of the Union.
JAMES EL BUDD, Governor.
for marching. Fifty men were in uni
form and nearly 100 of the members
marched without any.
Henkes' band of fourteen pieces led
the way for the Deutscher Krieger
Vereln. The shooting section was rep
resented by thirty-six members in uni
form. The representation from the so
ciety was increased, however, by near
ly the same number wearing the so
ciety's regalia. Captain Wienke com
manded and was assisted by Lieuten
ants Kaiser and Franke.
PRIM TURNOUT OF
THE LEAGUE OF
THE CROSS CADETS.
They Are Led by a Typical
Pioneer Schooner of the
Forty-Nine Days.
One of the greatest features in yes
terday's parade was the float exhibited
by the League of the Cross Cadets.
The showing made by the boys of the
regiment was remarkable, and their
excellent appearance and their su
perior knowledge of military tactica
was shown to especial advantage. No
regiment, not excepting the Regular
Army infantry from the Presidio, made
a better appearance or received more
hearty applause and cheering than the
boys of this one. Along the line of
march from the first time they received
the command to fall into line on Davis
and Market streets until they received
the command to disband they consti
tuted one of the central figures of the
parade.
The regiment was made up of four
battalions of four companies to each
battalion and about seventy to each
company. These four battalions repre
sented the full strength of the League
of the Cross organization of this city
and Oakland, numbering about 1000
| recruits.
When the command "Fall in" was
echoed along Davis street by the com
manders of the different companies,
who received it from the colonel of the
regiment at the head of the first col
34
CALIFORNIA PIONEERS
IN OLD NEW ENGLAND.
Special Dispatch to The Call From Boston.
J\ GOLD-WROUGHT BJI.ND.
WRITTEN FOR THE OCCASION BY HENRY O'MEARA.
What glorious errand for a golden land
Now gleams an aureole 'round the fifty years,
Since on to sunset bounded that young band,
Swfft to behold the glint of saffron strand,
O'er wave and prairie sped the pioneers.
Grand was the onset for the glittering ore,
That in those days, now half a century old,
Suffused with glow of life Pacific's shore,
And to the mine, the mount, the meadow, bore
New England's mettle sterling manhood's gold.
The Society of California Pioneers of New England met at the Tnlted States Hotel. Boston, to
day and commemorated In an appropriate manner the fiftieth anniversary of the discovery of gold In
California. The business mooting was railed to order by President Dole, and the reports of Secretary
Foster and Treasurer Josiah Hayward were presented.
The following new members were admitted to membership: Simeon Mulligan of Natick, George W.
Wood of Farmington, N. H., Isaac Lampson of Lakeville, Mass., and Richmond P.Everett of Providence.
The dinner was a most enjoyable feature of the reunion. The outside of the menu was headed "Golden
Jubilee." At the head of the table sat the officers of the society as follows: President Charles A.
Dole of East Somerville, First Vice-President Richard Harrington of Salem, Second Vice-President
Isaac Spear of Cambridge, and Secretary S. W. Foster of Boston, together with members of the board
of directors as follows: John Conness, Dorchester; Fred Pease, East Boston: E. D. Wadsworth. Mil
ton; James D. McAvoy, Hyde Park; David S. Boynton. Lynn; Simeon Mitchell, Campello; Albert H.
Breed. Lynn; A. H. Richardson. Mansfield; Fred K. Ballou, Dorchester; Charles A. Jordan. Newton;
George H. Frost, Dorchester: Albion Chipman, Cambridge; William A. Pierce, Dorchester; Willard E.
Piblry, Waltham; Henry A. Phelan, West Springfield: Roscoe O. Smith. Cornish, Me.; George H. Pettis,
Providence; Alfred Bailey, Cambridge; Charles H. Fifleld, Salem: Hon. Gorham D. Gilman, Boston;'
Charles T. Stumicke. Boston; William H. Browne, Boston: Edward O. Carpenter, New York; George
11. Steams, Cambridge; Israel Waterhouse, Wollaston; Walter S. Dickson, Salem; Cyrus Grcely, Lswte
ton, Me.; Thomas H. Robinson. Dorchester; William H. Pierce, Lynn; Henry W. Bowen, Roslindale;
Florimel B. Mower. Lynn; Leander D. Cogswell, Hennlker, N. H. ; Albert Perry, Beverly; James Burdlek,
Providence; James C. Gleason, East Warren, Vt.
The speakers included Hon. John Conness of Dorchester, Hon. Henry J. Wells of Cambridge?, Hon.
Gorham D. Gilman of Boston, President Dole and other members of the society.
Th--> New England Associated California Pioneers of *49 met at the Revere House this noon. Nearly
every member of the association has passed the age of three score and ten. Samuel Snow, president
of the association, presided at the dinner.
A feature of the celebration was the presence of the woman who saw and held in her hands the
first nuggets of gold which were discovered in California by Marshall at Sutter's Mill, in Coloma, on
January 24. 1848. She is Mrs. Mary Sinclair Davis of IS St. James street, Roxbury, and she briefly told
the story of when and how she saw the nuggets.
Mrs. Davis went across the plains in 1843. She was then a girl of 14 years. She was the first white
woman married under the Spanish laws in what is now California. She was also the mother of the
first white child born in that same country. She lived with her husband on Rancho del Paso (the ford
of the river), fourteen miles from Fort Sutter. Her husband was alcalde of the district.
When Marshall discovered the gold in the sluiceway of the sawmill at Coloma he took the nuggets
and started for Fort Sutter, twenty miles away. His road took him past the ranch of the Sinclairs an<3
there he exhibited his new-found treasures. Both Mrs. Sinclair and her husband saw the nuggets and
bandied them.
Letters were read from Chief Marshal Morse and J. T. Parsons, chairman of the executive committee
of the San Francisco celebration.
umn, the companies instantly assumed
their positions in the different battal
ions and awaited the command to
n. This was presently given, and
the bugle sounded the signal to ad
vance. Slowly the long column began
to move from Davis street into Market,
and at the command "Double quick,"
which was passed rapidly along the
line, the entire column passed from
1 >a\ is street on a steady run.
In a moment the entire regiment was
in its allotted place in the parade, and
the musicians, having struck up one of
B ittsa's lively marches, it was soon
lost to sight and far on Its way toward
Montgomery street.
The arrangement of the different
li.it tallons and companiesin the League
of the Cross Cadets was well nigh per
fect. Heading the procession was an
old mule train, representing the early
and primitive mode of transportation
in the days of '49. Drawing the train
were six mules, and on each side and
attached to the wagon were a number
of pack mules.
Inside the oval interior of the wagon
were stationed a number of small chil
dren, who, having become tired of
Waiting for the procession to advance,
forgot the seriousness and dignity of
their-pobiiions and had adopted the
I pleasant pastime of rollicking
and sporting in the straw which was
Bcattered on the. floor, to add realism
to the scene and the subject of the
float.
Immediately to the rear of the wagon
came Colonel William P. Sullivan Jr.
and his staff of officers, all mounted
on jet black horses and equipped with
full regimentals. The officers appoint'
ed to assist on th<- staff were ;w fol
lows: Lieutenant-Colonels Wells, Ma
honoy and Dixon, Adjutants Deasy,
Gonzalez and Duffy, Captains Powers
and McGlorian.
In the rear of the officers came the
musicians, dressed in bright red coats
fringed with white border of white
braiding and headed by their drum
major, Walter Young. The band con-
Btated of fifty pieces, and was one of
the largest in the parade. Tho music
was excellent! and far above the ordi
nary. Bringing up the rear of the band
was the drum corps, consisting of twq
drummers from each company.
i lowing the musicians was the
column of recruits, headed and
commanded by the respective lieuten
ants of each company. The members
of Company Q distinguished themselves
both Cor their knowledge of tactics and
their manifestation of excellent dis
cipline.
IT WAS A GREAT
EVENT FOR THE
BOYS AND GIRLS.
Much Enthusiasm Aroused by
the Cadets and School
Children.
The eighth division was under the
direction of Division Marshal Geo. S.
UiehKns, with H. c. F. stahl as Bee,
tion Marshal of the second section, and
l-.l Grange, L. Hammersmith, .1.
S. Prior, It. Saxe, L. V. Cmwley, F.
Ilinz, A. Berard and A. Torri as aids.
William Dewey. John Potts and G. Kin
zie served as trumpeters.
This division was a grand embodi
ment of the better-than-gold exhibit of
California's present status. It repre
sented in ideal and actual form the om
nipotence of Knowledge, as depicted by
interfeit presentment of the LU"k
rvatory, and by an imposing host
of bright-faced school children.
Th.- float typifying "Civilization,"
vui'h was the initial feature of the
first section, was a, superb representa
tion of the crest of Mount Hamilton,
with accurate outlines in relief of the
Lick Observatory and Its auxiliary
I buildings. Telescopes, globes and other !
tiflc apparatus were disposed here;
j and there throughout the scene, and J
i four beautiful young ladies, costumed j
j richly in white and gold, with golden !
\ crown* bedecked in Jewels, posed at the
tour ("rncrs of the float as goddesses
representing the sciences and arts, i
These Were Miss»--s A lire Maguire,
| Evangelino Ryan, Addie Holloway and
I Victoria Lewis. The construction of the
j scene was very ingenious, the topogra
phy being lifelike in the extreme, and ,
the coloring an admirable work of the
scene painter's art. The snow-capped j
summit of the mountain and the very j
familiar details of the observatory and i
its surroundings were enthusiastically
admired by all who were able to appre-
I date the faithful representation.
The California State Military I.and of
tw*nty highly competent performer*
rendered efficient aid in Livening up the
atmosphere in this division, and by its '
performance acquitted itself with no I
small degree of credit.
The High School Cadets, Captain
Charles (i. Bartlett commanding, aided
by Lieutenants M. E. Deutsch and W.
jJ. Buttgenbach. made a very fine j
; showing and elicited no end of admi- |
1 ration for their soldierly bearing and |
, graceful military evolutions. This is
CALIFORNIANS MAY
WELL FEEL PROUD.
f
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— A1l X
Calif ornians may well feel proud (
of the mighty stride California C
has made in the past half-cen- (
tury. To-day California not only i
leads the world in her gold pro- C
duction, but she is also foremost (
in the production of the cereals C
and horticultural fruits. Great Cj
In her material resources, she is <•
not laggard In the realm of (<
mind. Her poets, philosophers (
and. teachers are famous C
throughout ; the world. Her C
newspapers are the most pro- (
gressive in the Union. Califor- d
nians do well to rejoice at their (
Golden Jubilee. C. H. CASTLE. (
the only cadet corps in the State, and
it is safe to say that it will do well as
a pattern for others yet to come.
Probably no feature of the great
moving exhibit was accorded a more
hearty ovation — nor a more continuous
series of sueh — than the school chil
dren, who formed such a grand feature
of this division. Large delegations
from various city schools were in line,
and the youngsters who are Califor
nia's future citizens made a picture
calculated to arou6e the enthusiastic
admiration of any observer who was
not a very churl. Each school had its
organisation as a marching club, and
each club was properly equipped with
national flags and school banners,
while all the youthful participants
were costumed, fully, or in some de
gree, in the reigning carnival colors.
Many of the girl companies were nota
ble for their fnie appearance, as well
us for their precise evolutions, in which
they gave the boyi a pretty close rub.
In the first section wen- the Lincoln
Grammar School, Horace Mann Gram
mar Bohool, Washington Grammar
School, Pacific Heights Grammar
School, John Swelt Grammar School,
Crocker Grammar School, Hamilton
Grammar School, Franklin Grammar
School, Mission Grammar School,
James Lirk Grammar School and Ev
erett, Grammar School.
The second section contained the
Hancock Grammar School. Adams
Cosmopolitan School, Columbia Gram
mar School, Clement Grammar School,
Hearst Grammar School, Rincon
Grammar School, Irving Scott Pri-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1898.
Mary School. Buena ViFta Primary
School and Falrmount Primary BchSol
Al along the line of march the mul
titude cheered the schools and the
schools fully demonstrate! their en
thusiasm hy answering vocal salute
making the welkin ring with their joy
ous shouts. It was a great day for the
boyi and girls who helped to make it
such, and they grew several inches by
reason of the public demonstration o*f
interest in the school children as ;t
body.
ONE OF THE MOST
UNIQUE DIVISIONS
OF THE PAGEANT.
Fine Showing by the Young
Men's Institute and Italian
liroups.
Following the school boys rame the
ninth division under the command of
Marshal Colonel J, C. O'Connor. At the
hc-a.l nf division, preceded by the Sec
ond Regiment Hand, w.ms an elaborate
float drawn by four handsome whit
horses which told, allegoricnlly. th
eory of the wonderful agricultural f. -
cundity of California.
In the center of the structure was a
huge barrel of wine upon which was
seated a typical farmer's daughter,
looking down on the fruits, sheaves of
Wheat, piles of produc and instru
ments of husbandry that were artistic
ally heaped around her.
A detail of the Borromean Guards,
under the command of Captain Harry
Dowdall, came next, marching as an
escort to the float. The Hnrromean
Guards, though only little fellows in
short trousers, acquitted themselves
with great credit, obtaining many com
plimentary criticisms from the specta
tors on the natty appearance of their
new uniforms of black and yellow, the
excellence of their discipline and the
perfect alignment they kept.
The next section of the division was
composed of a delegation from the
Young Men's Institute, nearly six hun
dred strong, who marched at a quick
step with colors flying and bearing the
standards of their different councils.
These were succeeded by the German
Roman Catholic societies of St. Peter
and St. Paul, who kept time to the mu
sic of the San Francisco Military Hand
and who surrounded an immense float
upon which was seated the children of
the St. Bonifice Parochial School, on
benches rising in circles tier after tier
and culminating in a throne upon
which was seated the figure of Eun ka.
impersonated by Mrs. Oswald.
Franciscan fathers and prominent
officers belonging to the different so
cieties concluded that portion of the
parade.
At the head of the tenth division,
v.hich was next in line, came the horti
cultural Beat drawn by four horsea
gayly decorated with yellow plumes and
led by four fancifully costumed postil
lions. The llnat represented a huge yel
low California poppy, in the open petals
Of which sat the queen of sunshin.
flowers guarded by a gorgeous butter
fly.
B( hind the float the sunshine glit
tered on the naked sabers of the Cari
bakli Guards and was reflected back
to their nodding plumes of red and pur
ple as they inarched to the music of the
Monarch Band, and dressed their ranks
at the command of their chief, Cap
tain Pizlta. Then more carriages roiled
along bearing the officers of
pagna Carabinieri Svizziri. While the
blue-coatetl, red-sashed and pictur
esque Italian Fishermen's Association.
marching seventy-five strong around a
float, on which was one of their fa
mous boats and a net with real fish
entangled In Its meshes, closed up the
end of the ninth division; one o-f the
most unique and striking features of
the whole vast parade. It was under
the direction of Division Marshal Dr.
Guido E. Caglieri and a staff of aids.
The eleventh division, consisting en
tirely <,f Health Department employes
and their exhibits, made one of the
prettiest sights in the parade. It was
headed by the Emmet Guard band,
-ting of fourteen pieces under the
leadership of S. J. Tully. Chief Market
Inspector James P. Dockery was in
charge, aided by Inspectors Ben Davis
and J. J. Sullivan. Following Dockery
and thi> band came three color-bearers
and then two four-in-hands, one con
taining the heads of departments and
the other Dr. Williamson of the board
and hi.-* invited guests. Behind them
were half a score of ambulances show
ing the methods employed to-day for
conveying injured persons to places
where they can be cared for, and those
of the past, where express wagons
were pressed into service to carry pa
tients to the hospitals.
The employes of the department
marched in double line in thp division,
their ratty blue uniforms forming a
pleasing contrast to the yellow decora
tions of the oarriaf»es and ambulances.
The rear of the division was brought
up by live floats, showing the progress
that has been made by the Health De
partment in its efforts to promote the
welfare of the city. The first contained
two paintings, one on either side, rep
nttng the progress made in milk
inspecting. On the right was an in
spection station with wagons exhibit
ing their loads; on the left was a pic
ture of a milkman being placed under
arrest by the milk Inspector while in
tho act of filling his cans from a water
ing-trough.
Tho second float represented a huge
milk can, about which were grouped
a dozen or more of little boys and
girls In jvllow, blue and white cos
tumes, all emblematic of the benefits
of pur<> milk. The third float por
trayed sanitary and unsanitary plumb
ing. The sorrow of the Board of Health
at the closing of its food inspection
stations was portrayed in the fourth
Boat The fifth float told of the efforts
of the board to render Chinatown leM
a menace to the health of San Fran
cisco. Uniformed inspectors of the
board were shown directing the efforts
of laboreros while tearing down con
demned rookeries.
The second section of the twelfth
division, marshaled by Fred Raabe,
included the San Francisco Commer
cial Travelers" Association and the In
dependent Order of B'ne B'rlth in car
riages. The Travelers' Association
musterod twenty-five vehicles, each
bearing a tin device representing a
traveler's sample case.
HOW THE CHINESE
HELPED WITH THEIR
GORGEOUS COLORS.
The Picturesque Twelfth Divis-
ion Was a Section of
the Orient.
A most interesting and picturesque
section of the parade was the twelfth
division, composed entirely of Chinese.
Three aids to the marshal in the Amer
ican costume led the van. being fol
lowed by a decorated buggy carrying
a banner inscribed "X. S. G. S. Parlor,
May 11, UK." Tho bear was not
omitted in this division, for a stalwart
Italian led a healthy looking bruin im
mediately in the rear of the colors.
Then came the mosaic of color that is
one of the distinguishing characteris
tics of the Chinese race. In gaudy
hues, yellow, blue and red, four chi
bore riags of the California Re
public and the national colors plenti
fully inscribed with Chinese charac
ters.
Two miniature joßshouses, borne by
stalwart coolies, wen next in line. The
bearer* were respondent in yellow and
blue iii d were followed by two more
men hearing the gongs which invari
ably precede the banners of a Chinese
: -ion.
Richly embroidered and jeweled
l!ags, such as are carried by the Chi
n- >• In their celebrations, were carried
by men in yellow and green. Each car
ried a peacock feather fan stuck in the
bach of his belt, this being considered
the i adjunct to the Chinese
when he goes to war. A twelve-foot
banner suspended on poles carried on
the shoulders <>f stalwart bearers rep
resented the Rods of peace following
thi ir accustomed vocations.
Floats cut. lining boys and girls in
imes and decked in all
the colors <>f the rainbow were next In
line, each tl<>at containing its comple
ment or gongs, tom-toms and Chin.-.--.
cymbals. More banners, the prevailing
feature of the division, followed, each
more gorgeous than the preceding one.
Tin- gn at war banner, four-sided, and
requiring the efforts of eight men to
carry It, was followed by the national
Bag of China, also supported by eight
bearers.
The patriotism of the Chinese was
shown by the fact that this emblem was
upheld by the Bower of th.' Chinese
merchants. The much-advt rtised war
riors of the Chinese division were rep
resented by six little lads from 12 to 14
years of age, bearing arms that looked
more like corn knives and pitchforks
than modern weapons of warfare.
Their costumes] were gorgeous beyond
description, running from the most
delicate blue to the most pronounced
r»d and gn-. n.
The rear of the division was brought
up by a number of tloats containing
OUSIy bedecked Native Rons and
Daughters and carriages, in which were
seated the officials of the Cinnese Con
su.ato, officers of the Six Companies
and a number of prominent Chinese
merchants.
MANY MEN OF
MANY KINDS IN
AT THE CLOSE.
Oddities of Contrast in the
Tail of the Grand
Procession.
There were no more plcturesue divi
sions in the entire parade than the
thirteenth and fourteenth, for in
them was a strange mingling of civili
zation ami barbarism— the lingering
Indian ami the refined musical Kna
l»n-Kan. lie from Hungary. The float
v. ith the forty juvenile musicians
were at concert pitch during the whole
of th<- procession. Behind them were
the Indians from Healdsburg, rem
nants of the Guapo. or Mistobal trine.
Th"y cared little for the epaulettes attd
bespangled bands of music that passed
hour after hour, and heeded not the
evidences that civilization has swept
away the conditions that confronted
those who first disturbed the repose of
the tribe in '49. They sat on the curbs,
smoked and chatted about things as
far fror.i the parade rs the camp fires
of their ancestors are from the pyra
mids of Egypt. It was a strange ming
ling of races that formed the final col
umn of the great jubilee parade of de
bouching soldiers and enthusiastic citi
zens.
Just behind the little Hungarian mu
sicians came the National Association
of Stationary Engineers. As if to belie
their vocation they hitched a traction
engine 'to half a dozen wagons, which
carried members of their society.
Js'ext came a band which called itself
"The Fiesta de Vaqueros." The most
conspicuous members of this aggrega
tion were Miss Gertie Wilson, the well
known Now Mexican horsewoman, and
R. W. Hawes, known throughout the
West as "Bob, the Cherokee Scout."
There were many broncos in line and
a score or more of cowboys of the
plains, not men dressed for the occa
sion, but men who would feel uncom
fortable in any other costume than
leather trousers and sombreros.
At the head of these divisions was
Marshal Grenzin, whose sparkling
sash attracted a great deal of atten
tion. The fifteenth division had been
practically superseded by other bodies
than those designated in the bills. It
was to have consisted 01? a number of
citizens in carnages and afoot, but
they preferred to Join divisions that
were differentiated from the common
herd of plebeians. As a result there
were comparatively few. with the ex
ception of some who went in carriages,
and most of these managed to squeeze
in somewhere before the tail end of the
procession was reached.
PLUCKY NATIVE
SONS CAPTURE A
RUNAWAY HORSE.
Tragic Scene at the Corner of
Bush and Montgomery
Streets.
An occurrence that came near result
ing In a tragedy took place on the cor
ner of Bush and Montgomery streets
during the parade. A large gray horse
broke from control and dashed rider
less into the crowd and several persons
were injured, two seriously. How the
animal became loose no one seems to
know, but upon realizing that he was
nb longer under restraint the huge
beast, already frightened by the noise
of a drum, dashed from the west side of
Montgomery street and sprang into the
mass of people on the east side of the
narrow thoroughfare.
The scene following was tragic. Wo
men screamed, men shouted and chil
dren cried in fear. The crowd surged
back throwing many to the sidewalk
and Jamming dozens against the build
ings. Escape was impossible and not
a few fell as they endeavored to save
themselves. Over, into and among the
prostrate people plunged the big gray,
tripping himself as he struck the curb
stone. That no one was crushed by the
huge body was almost a miracle, and
that no one's brains were kicked out
while the horse was struggling to re
gain his feet is more remarkable.
A second later the gray was up and
away again, hooding for the crowd on
the corner diagonally opposite. "With
three great bounds he was again in the
midst of a mass of struggling human
ity, with bridle, mane and stirrups fly
ing. But the people had witnessed the
first wild break and to some extent
were not unprepared. As the gray
dashed into the crowd the l»tter parted
and left a narrow but clear passageway
for the terrified animal to escape. The
clatter of his heels on the sidewalk be
tween the spectators and the buildings
warned those who had not seen what
had happened and a rush was made
Into the street. Opposite the Russ
House entrance strong hands grasped
the tlying bridle and the runaway was
brought to a standstill and turned over
to the police, who were near by. To
Max Uchenstein, J. J. BicManua and
a Mr. Bomervllle belong the credit of
stepping the horse before he could do
further damage. They are all members
of Alcasar Parlor. N. S. G. W., which
was passing at the time. They rushed
from the ranks, broke through the
crowd ami caught the horse, which was
only subdued after a hard struggle.
When the horse had made the first
dash into the spectators a great crowd
had congregated and it was quickly
spread that several people had been
seriously injured. The story was true.
Mrs. Amanda Roberts, a middle-aged
colored woman Itrtag at 262 Jessie
street, had been knocked down by the
horse and the force of the shock had
hurled her into the gutter with a force
almost sufficient to have killed her out
right. Kindly hands quickly removed
the unconscious woman to Wakelee's
drugstore, a few feet away, and every
thing possible waa 'lone to restore her
to consciousness, but to no purpose.
The police ambulance was summoned
and Mrs. Roberts was removed to the
Branch Receiving Hospital on the city
front. There was another passenger,
however, in the ambulance. He was lit
tle Johnnie Coppertini, seven years of
age, wh«r lives with his parents at 730
Vallejo street.
How the child was hurt no one
seemed to know. This much was
learned. He was the undermost person
in the mass of struggling humanity
that was hurled to the sidewalk when
the gray made his wild rush toward the
drugstore.
At the city front hospital the woman
was first examined by Drs. Hill and Za
bala, who found that she was Buffering
from internal Injuries, to say nothing
of cuts and bruises on her head and
face. These are not sorious. but the
physicians fear the internal injuries
may be difficult to overcome.
Meanwhile the boy was being cared
for. It was found that his injuries were
more serious than at first supposed,
the little fellow's left arm was broken
above the elbow and his head and face
were cut in three or four places. A
short time after he had been in the
hospital the child began to show signs
of an injury to the brain. As time
passed the thought that he was only
suffering from a shock gave way to the
belief that he had sustained a concus
sion of the brain and the doctors re
fused to let him be taken away until
the exact nature of the injury to the
head could be determined.
There were others who were hurt,
but their scratches and bruises were
trifling compared to the injuries of
those who had to be removed to the
city front hcspttal. Mrs. M. Perry of
735 Henry street, Oakland, was taken
into a drugstore suffering with a num
ber of contusions on the body and head.
Her bruises were received by being
knocked down by the surging crovd.
Her 18-year-o-ld daughter escaped. Lvli.ss
E. Williams fainted and was taken into
the drugstore. Miss Ida Scott had a
similar experience, but both ladies re
covered soon and were sent home in
carriages.
How the gray horse got started in
his wild but short career could not be
learned, unless the story of one of the
clerks in Wakelee's drugstore is correct.
Ho said that the rider went into a sa
loon and left the horse standing at the
edge of the sidewalk, a small boy hold
ing the bridle. A passing band with a
big bass drum attachment started up
• ii.il the horse became frightened and
broke from the control of the small boy.
The horseman did not soem in a hurry
to recover the animal, fr.-r he did not
put in an appearance during the exeito
merit and the big gray was taken to a
stable near the pHice station by Ser
geant Shea. Another story Is that a
mounted police officer was tightening
the saddle girt and that his horse bioke
loose and ran away causing the damage
and injuries mentioned. A number of
the police, however, say that the ani
mal was the property of a civilian and
not of an c-flicer.
P. Bennett of Twenty-fourth and
' "astro streets started to cross Market
street, opposite Van Ness avenue, when
he slipped and fell, badly fracturing
his left kneecap. He was taken to the
Receiving Hospital and treated by Dr.
Kearney. It will be some months be
foro he is able to be around again.
James Berry of 108 Mission street
was standing In front of the crowd at
Golden Gate avenue and Taylor street
when Sergeant Harper pushed him
back. Berry remonstrated with him
as the crowd behind him kept pushing
him forward. The sergeant then, ac
cording to Berry and' his friends, drew
his club and struck Berry on the face,
cutting his cheek and left eyebrow.
Berry went to the Receiving Hospital,
where his wounds were stitched and
dressed, after which he went to police
headquarters and lodged a complaint
against the sergeant.
C. Schroder of Oakland stumbled
over the curbstone at Seventh and
Market streets and fell, dislocating his
right thumb, which was attended to at
the Receiving Hospital.
Walter Johnstone, a young man from
San Mateo, was told to get back by
Policeman J. C Laws at Fourth and
Market streets and refused. Laws
pu?hed him back and Johnstone kicked
him. Laws continued to push him
back and Johnstone struck him in the
face. Johnstone was arrested and
booked at the City Prison on a charge
of battery.
F. W. Krabler of 1730 Greenwich
street has a grievance against a mem
ber of Company I, National Guards.
The guards were assisting in keeping
the crowd back at Fifth and Market
streets, after their return from Van
N«M avenue, and Krabler happened
to be in front. The guardsman pushed
him back, and because he did not go
quick enough to suit him he struck
him on the jaw. Krabler said, "You're
a nice man to do that," and the
guardsman struck him on the head
with the butt of his gun, smashing his
hat and intlicting an ugly wound on
his scalp. Krabler was taken to the
Receiving Hospital by a friend and the
wound in his head was stitched and
dressed. He said he would swear out
a warrant to-day for the arrest of the
guardsman, as he would be able to
Identify him again.
H. Petersen, a resident of Berkeley,
is bemoaning his experience with pick
pockets while viewing the parade. In
his inside pocket was a large red
wallet, one that might make a thief
believe contained the currency of the
realm. However, it only contained a
lot of deeds and documents of no use
to any one but the owner. Mr. Peter
sen was caught in a jam and his coat
was thrown open. A hand was thrust
into his pocket, and before he could
turn around the owner of the hand and
the wallet had disappeared in the
crowd. In his attempt to turn and dis
cover the thief Petersen was no doubt
hampered by the confederates of the
thief, for it was several seconds be
fore he could free himself from his sur
roundings.
SONG AND STORY
AND A LIVING
LAUGHING FLAG.
Literary and Musical Exercises
Held at Woodward's Pa
vilion.
Fair as it was In Its yellows and
golds, its streamers of white and its
garlands of flowers, eld Woodward's
Pavilion took its greatest charm from
the "children's flag," which spread its
brilliant colors before the speaker's
platform. The stripes were rows of
girls and boys whose colored capes of
red and white scarce kept up in inter
est with the brightness of eyes and
smiles and faces, and the field was
formed of boys with capes of blue and
on the breast of each there shone a
silver star. The flag stretched its liv
ing, laughing folds across a broad bank
of seats sloping gently from the floor
to the bower of ferns and brakes that
marked the stage, and the movements
of the children seemed to lend life to
its coiors, and it rippled and flashed as
gay as any banner ever flung to west
ern breeze.
The children were all from the city
schools, and they did more than merely
sit in the gorgeous shades of the na
tional emblem and look the part they
were playing, for they sang songs of
patriotism and joined in the choruses
and seemed as happy as if they them
selves had discovered the yellow metal
instead of only celebrating the event
fifty years after it had all happened.
The pavilion itself looked prettier
than it had on any event in its life
before, for the decorations were not too
gaudy nor were they piled on until be
yond the point of endurance; there was
just enough and not too much, and the
effect was most appropriate.
The time for the exercises to begin
was long past before the parade was
over, and so the crowd that gathered
was not so large as it might have been.
There was a number large enough,
however, to- stamp and applaud and
cheer whenever the occasion allowed,
and even the cold wind which whistled
in and around the rich draperies and
among the rafters could not break the
enthusiasm nor stay the proceedings.
It was nearly half-past 2 before the
band arrived, and then the exercises
began at once. Forty minutes of music
brought the programme up to the
speakers' point, and then it was that
the Rev. S. H. Willey stepped forward
and asked a blessing, not only on the
assembly itself, but on all it meant and
all it promised.
J. H. Jewett, president of the day
and president of the Pioneers, opened
the programme with a few remarks on
the day of celebration and the events
which had made it possible to ' cele
brate. The Golden Jubilee, he said,
commemorated one of the most strik
ing events in the history of the State,
and an epoch in the nineteenth cen
tury. The discovery of gold, he de
clared, had changed the destinies of
individuals, and who could say but
that it had changed the destinies of
nations? Then he referred back to the
time when the State was a pastoral
land — "» virgin soil, unvexed by the
hand of man, its treasures unknown
and hidden from view." Then he told
of the building of the old sawmill and
the discovery of a little bit of yellow
metal, of the tremendous excitement
which it caused, of the wild rush of
men to dig and delve in the creek beds
and the water courses, and then he
took up the organization of the Pio
neers and the significance to them of
the day on which Marshall made his
strike. Amid great applause he men
tioned the names of some of the more
prominent of the builders of the State,
and told of their lives and their strug
gles and the fame they had gained.
Continuing on, he said:
Fellow Pioneers: Living links in the
chain which connects the past with the
present, you have lived in the most event
ful period of the world's history. Tour
romantic lives have bean filled with thrill
ing experiences. You have Witnessed
great and marvelous changes. Fifty years
is a short time in the life of a State, a
long time in the life of an individual. And
yet. the face of nature has changed as
much as the face of man. Look around
you. and what do you behold familiar to
you when first you arrived on these
shores.
The same snow-capped mountains, the
same benignnnt skies, the same broad ex
panse of waters meet your gaze. All else
is changed. I Join with you in thankful
ness that a klml Providence has pro
longed our lives and enabled us to partici
pate m this Goldpn Jubilee.
And now, as we cast the horoscope of
the future, and look forward to the cen
The Cuban Scare.
Although the diplomatic entanglement with
Spain over Cuba 1b to lome extent influencing
the stock market. Wall street expects no
serious complications. Nevertheless serious
complication with other maladies may be ex
pected to follow an attack of biliousness which
is not checked at the outset. The moit ef
fectual nv-ans to this end Is listener's
htnmach Bitters, an admirable remedy more
over, for dyspepsia, malaria, kidney trouble,
constipation and nervousness.
tennlal of 1948, when not these Pioneers,
but the young men arid young women
who saw them, will occupy the front
ranks in the parade; when the mines or
California, Oregon and Washington shall
have been more fully developed, and their
vacant lands occupied and improved;
when Alaska shall have added her vast
mineral treasures, her wealth of fisheries
and forests to the grand aggregate; when
tho Nicaragua canal shall have been
built, and San Francisco shall have be
come the great distributing point on thi*
Pacific Coast, then will be more fully
realized the importance of that great
event which we to-day celebrate, the dis
covery of gold in California on the 24th of
January, l*4v
After Rhys Thomas had sung "Cali
fornia," a song of the glories of the
Western land, Lieutenant-Governor
Jeter rose to announce the wel
come of the State. In a humor
ous way the Lieutenant-! loverr. :>r ex
plained the absence of the executive,
who was to have spoken, and then he
proceeded to the task assigned him.
"I am of the opinion," he said, "that
Columbus originally started out to dis
cover California, but not knowing the
route he landed on Cuba, and if Cuba
had been in her present state of mind
he would not have been allowed to go
back, and we would still be waiting
for some man who had sense enough
to discover us. Had Noah taken a
course in the State University he could
have kept his compasses in better
order and would have landed on Mt.
Hamilton instead of Ararat. Think of
the Lick Observatory going for 6000
years, discovering golden stars -while
in the ground there was gold enough
to build the golden stairs."
Then he spoke of the native daugh
ters, turning neat compliments and
promising for them and their success
ors a brilliant future. A few more
words of tho commercial situation,
upon the Nicaragua canal, upon the
"gold sufficient to regild the Golden
Gate." the climate of the State and her
future, and then in the name of Cali
fornia he welcomed the visitors and
the pleasure-seekers and the celebrants
of the great celebrations, and he closed
with the assurance that those who had
once come within the lure of the golden
land would never leave it.
A patriotic song by the children,
"Hail California," followed, and the
living flag arose on its many feet and
swelled the chorus with childish voices.
The city's welcome, delivered by
Mayor James Phelan, came next.
"Thrice welcome," he said, "you pion
eers, builders of the "West, as you pass
before us to-day — perhaps for the last
time. You represent the past and I the
present; I the May, If you please, and
you the December, but in California
there Is no Incongruity In the compari
son, where the sky is clear at one time
as another, and here at my side sits a
man who came here in '41, General
John Bidwell, and I can say that he is
as bright and light and as young as I
am. There are others to follow me and
I will withdraw, as it Is fitting for a
Native Son to do, for we have reaped
the harvest they have sown and we are
here only to bear testimony of it. All
honor to the pioneers — the men of '49.
Let them possess the freedom of the
city during their lives, for it will stand
as their monument forever."
There was a song by the Knicker
bocker quartet, and then the Hon.
Niles Searls, orator of the day, was
introduced.
Judge Searls* address was a record
of the scenes and the events around
the old Sutter mill which made the
year '48 an epoch in the world's his
tory. First he described the country
surrounding the scene of the great dis
covery, the American River, its
branches and the site of what is now
the town of Coloma. Then he told
how Captain John A. Sutter came out
from Germany and decided to erect a
sawmill; how Marshall joined him
and how, while digging a "race." he
turned up a little yellow lump of gold.
The wild rush of people from every
land and of every clime was his next
theme, and he told how they can 1 .' 1
across the plains in wagon trains, by
the isthmus, around the Horn and in
every way and every direction. He
told how they lived and how they
worked; of their successes and their
failures, of their hopes and of their
disappointments. Concluding he ad
dressed the Native Sons and Daughters
before him and said:
Before th«> centennial year of the dis
covery of gold at Suttor's mill shall have
dawned upon the world these veterans
now upon the platform, who stood near
Marshall when he plucked from Mother
Earth her garnered treasure, and whom
we reverence and delight to honor, will
have passed away. In I*4B they were as
waving pines; in 189S they are gnarled
oaks, sturdy to the last, but awaiting the
resounding strokes of the axman, Death.
The requiem of all the pioneers, from
those who came in 183S up to and includ
ing those of 1549, will have been sung
prior to the centennial day. fpon you will
devolve the duty of putting on the armor
which we lay aside. Our beloved common
wealth will be, fifty years hence, what
LOSS OF SLEEP
LOSS OF SLEEP
******** LOSS OF SLEEP
t J LOSS OF SLEEP
| MAKES J LOSS OF SLEEP
{ MEN J LOSS OF SLEEP
t WFAir i LOSS OF SLEEP
jWeaa. i LOSS OF SLEEP
******** LOSS OF SLEEP
LOSS OF SLEEP
LOSS OF SLEEP
When a man tosses In bed all night and' la
unable to sleep until the wee small hours In
the morning he finds himself setting: weaker
and weaker daily. He will have pains in the
back, pains In the shoulder, bleary, blood-shot !
eyes and he will be melancholy. He will start
at the least noise; he will be subject to the
whims and fancies of an irritated man. When
in this condition it shows abuse; the man has
abused himself; has overworked or ovy-har-
assed the mind and body. When in .this con-
dition the man needs a sure and rational treat-
ment. He will find
HUDYAN
Is Just what is needed. He will call to the
doctors of the Hudson Medical Institute or
write for
CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS.
Hudyan Cures
Nervous Debility,
Diseases and Disa-
bilities of Men.
BLOOD POISON The absolute . cure for
BLOOD POISON- Blood Poison in first, sec-
BLOOD POISON— ondary or tertiary form
BLOOD POISON -is the 30-day cure. Con-
BLOOD POISON— — suit the Hudson Doctors
BLOOD POISON — — -or write for 30-day cure
BLOOD POISON circulars.
. HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Junction Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets, •
\ ■
BE ADVISED BY HUDSON DOCTORS' FREE
BE ADVISED BY HUDSON 'DOCTORS FREE
BE ADVISED BY HUDSON DOCTORS FREE
BE ADVISED BY HUDSON DOCTORS FREE
BE ADVISED BY HUDSON DOCTORS FREE
BE ADVISED BY HUDSON DOCTORS FREE
BE ADVISED BY HUDSON DOCTORS FREE
[ BE ADVISED BY HUDSON., DOCTORS FREBDEATH OF A FAMOUS PIONEER.
HON. CHARLES F. REED.
AUBURN, Jan. 24. — To- Jay, on the morning of the jubilee, Hon.
Charles F. ReeJ, who mined in the streets of Auburn in May, 1849, passed
away at the aje of 73. Mr. Reed was one of the pioneers who built this
State and his name is entwined with its history. Arter his first venture at
mining in 1849 and the early fifties he located at Knignts Landing, Yo!o
County, and gave his attention to wheat growing. For years he was known
as the wheat king of California. He lost fortunes as easily as he made
them, and he quit the wheat business after losing a coo! million in the great
wheat deal of 1885-86.
A few years later he came to Auburn and has since resided here at his
handsome country vilia on /Eolia Heights. For the last ten years he has
devoted his attention to mining and was on the eve of miking another for
tune when deach called him home. H:s Goli Blossom and Drummor.d
quart? - are the richest in old Placer.
Decensrd was a Republican and was prominent in the councils of his
party. Be<id^s ho ding membership at different times on State commissions,
he served Yolo Coun'y in the Upper House of the State Legislature, was a
member of the constitutional convention, was defeated by Luttrell for Con
gress in 1575, and was many times mentioned for Governor.
It was only by a narrow margin that he was defeated for the guberna
torial nomination by J^hn F. Swift. He was a member of the national con
vention that nominated Blame. By his friends it is claimed he was too
good a man to be success'ul in politics. A graduate of West Point, standing
over six feet, he was a man of distinguished bearing and his appearance
- noticeable in any gathering. H:s last illness inrapacitated him for
several months past. Dissolution was peaceful—^ gradual wasting away.
A brother, Harry Reed of Chko, and two daughters ar.d a son survive him.
■ -■■■■■■■■■■■
you and your associates make it. I
Thn fi.-iri is broad and will yield reanily
to intelligent culture. Thirteen hundred
millions of g->id extracted from the mines
attest the trend and extent of our
m*t«-rial progress in one pursuit. You
should equal us in this respect and excel
us in every other branch of human in
dustry. So, too. you should excel us in
development and Intellectual
_th. Strive for excellence in all you
undertake, but do not seek to improve
devices which are already reason
ably perfect. The Arabic numerals, cou- '
pled with the method of decimation, can
ide to express everything in num-
Crom the infinite to the infinitesimal.
Do not seek to thrust Homer and Shakes
peare. Phidias and Raphael, Demosthe
nes and Mozart from their thrones of
preeminence.
your opportunities are great. Our
ils and universities are grand nur
series from which will come in the fu
ture, as in the recent past, coadujutor9 of
y force in carrying on the work in
May the gradd correlation of the en
•he coast be exercised in
the expulsion of ignorance and error, in
cc, virtue and happl
until within the next half century
rnia. the Golden West, shall beam
the world as the brightest star in
the galaxy of States.
Love her for what she is. and bring her |
up to the hi^h ideal of all that is lovely.
But übilee day. while we are !
glorifying California, let our hearts swell !
with | ■ : ar.kfulnefc for the whole
belovod nation, and let us ail be ready
fervently to exclaim—
Great •"•■• V. w» thank thee for this home,
Thi? irthland of the free,
\VI.-.-<" strangers ir< :n afar may come
And breathe the air of liberty'
PtlU may tfcy Oowera untrampi>rf spring.
Thy '. T'-^:.- wave, t v v cities rise.
An! yet, till time shall foIJ his wing.
Remain earth's loveliest paradise!
A selection by the Harmony Quintet
and a poem written by Sister Anna j
Raphael of San Jose, and read by Miss
Clara Wittenmeyer, entitled "Califor
nia's Golden Jubilee," were next on the
programme, and then followed some
remarks by Eliza D. Keith.
Miss Keith's words were principally j
devoted to the progress of the State
in the past fifty years, and the attitude
it now holds in comparison to that it
held when the great discovery made
California a household word. She de
scribed the Pioneer and his strong, fear
less character, and then she devoted
some caustc criticism to those who
delight in picturing the pioneer days
as wild and lawless, the men fierce and
ungovernable, making crime a pastime
and robbery a business. She scored
such writers in vigorous terms, and de
clared that such statements were a
falsification of history. In conclusion,
she spoke of the organizations of Na
tive Sons and Daughters, and closed as
follows:
It is not my place to speak of the good
our order have done, nor my province to
refute the charge that they may be urged
to further some man's political ambition.
Suppose that charge were true, what
harm were done? Who has the right to
protest? Who has a clearer claim to th&
votes of Native Sons than a Native Bon
himself? That vote has already placed
more than one man in the Mayor's office
in San Francisco, and yet another in the
Governor's chair, and that vote will ever
block the way to the proposed consum
mation of a greats wrong, the commission
of a political crimo— the division uf Cali
fornia. Divide our State! Never while !
there is a Native Son to vote or a Native
Daughter to protest! Divide California?
Never!
California, land flowing with milk and
honey: California, fairer than any prom
ised land; California, one indivisible,
one glad, glorious stretch from Dei Norte
to San Diego; California, "throned upon
hills of beauty"; California. California, ',
our heart, our hopes are ail with thee!
A silken flag was then brought down
to the front of the platform where the
children sat. and, while holding it
aloft, Mr?. Martin BchnltS sang the
"Star Spangled Banner," the children
Joining in the chorus.
Hon. William G. Murphy was then
introduced to tell the story of the Ill
fated Dormer party, of which he was
a member, and although he spoke
briefly, he managed to bring home to
his hearers the fact that there was not
all gold and sunshine in the lives of
the pathfinders to the -western ocean.
He told of their journey, across the
plains, of their progress barred by the
blinding snows of the Sierras, how
♦hey lost their way among the frozen
ridges and how the people lay down
by the trail and died of hunser when
almost In sight of the promised land.
It did not seem long, looking back, he
said, for the horrors of that trip had
made for themselves an ever-present
memory.
The singing of "America" by the
children and the audience closed the
programme, but before the chaplain
: for the benediction, Mayor Phelan
read a telegram from the President in
which he expressed a willingness to
open the Miners' Fair next Saturday
r.ierht by tho touch of an electric but
ton in Wnshingon. The telegram was
as follows:
'The Prr-Pident will be pleased to
comply with your request to open the
Jubilee Mining Fair on the 29th inst.
Kindly have the necessary arrange
ments made with the telegraph com
pany and notify him of the time you
wish the opening to occur."
It was signed by the executive sec
retary.
Then the chaplain pronounced the
benediction and the people left thp
building, and even thoueh the rain was
falling, it did not seem such a dark day
aft or all.
Th° oxercisps wpr*» In charge of the
following rommittcpp:
Committee on Musical and Litrrarr Ex
ercises— Tlrey I, Forri. chairman: ftenry
Lunstedt. Mrs. Belle W. Conrad. Mrs. Jo
sephine Gro. musical director: George H.
Hooke. stage manager.
Reception Committee — Leon P*>nnery.
rhnirman: Frank J. Byington. Wi'liam
Wohber. James Patterson Jr.. J. H. N>w
bau^r. H. J. Sengstacken. Charles A. Bol
d#mann. Georee N. Van Orden. Percy T,.
Henderson. Edward Brown,. J. J. Jamison.
J T. Murray. Christopher Bauer, L. K.
Hagenkamp, J. B. Keenan.
GRAND RECEPTION
BY THE PIONEERS
OF CALIFORNIA.
Dancing and Entertainment in
the Big Hall on Fourth
Street.
Th»» Golden Jubilee reception hy the
Society of California Pioneers took
place last night in Pioneer Hall, on
Fourth street. Th<» hall was CPO
with a large and select audience, which
hugely enjoyed the dances and a short
■amme.
Those taking part were Miss Bertha
Wadham in a soprano solo. Miss Nel
lie Bowline and Miss Arpyl in fancy
dances, and Sisters Waterman in a
medley of all the popular songs of the
day.
During the dancing light refresh
ments were served, and later in the
cv« Dinff the guests partook of a sump
tuous banquet in the dining hall.
Th>- affair was under the direction of
thf- following gentlemen: Robert Yan
k. door manager; floor commlt
'■•■•■ D*»- ' '"'allaghan. W. Z. Tiffany
Bruce Cornwall, J. M. r.aker, R r'
F"r< 1 de P. Teller; reception com
mittee— E. J'.. Vreeland, n. Boaton II
H. Welch, A. K. Cotton, J. F. Pinkham
and ('. J. Kin^c.
A p ' pathetic incident of the
evening was the meeting of two sur
vivors of Hi.- ill-fated Dormer party,
Mrs. M. J. Reed Lewla of Capitola and
W. < \ Gray.- of <"alist.>ca. who had not
s^en each other in forty-eight years.
It is needlen to state that their hand
clasp was fervent and sincere.
PACIFIC PARLOR'S
CHARMING BALL
CLOSES THE DAY.
Pretty and Artistic Decorations
Adorn Native Sons' Mall
A Novel Idea.
The Native Sons fittingly brought
Jubilee Day to a close by attending the
grand ball given in Native Sons 1 Hall
last night by Pacific Parlor No. 10. The
TIIE SAX FRAXOTSCO CAT.T., TFESPAY, JANTJABY 25, 1898.
hall was d^rornted in an unusually at
tractive n-.anner. From the center
there hung an Immense netting of gTay
thread and within that was a smaller
one of squares of colored not. the blocks
composing it bfing of different shades.
The whole, novel In conception, was a
neat conceit and produced a very pleas
ing effect. In addition there was an
attractive and artistic arrangement of
light-colored bunting of various shades
In which were Intertwined garlands of
evergreens and a liberal display of
flowers, on the gallery and the side
walls. On the stage was displayed the
magnificent silken banner of the parlor
and the letters of the order. In the
golden popples that were such an at
tractive feature In the day's proces
sion. There was a large attendance
and when the music for the grand
march burst forth there were more
than 100 couples ready to take part in
it. The ball was under the direction
of the following committees:
Committe-e of Arrangements— Daniel A.
Ryan. Frank R. Neville. Frar.k W. Smith,
Paul McDonald. W. H. Hazell, J. H. Cun
ningham. J. K. Hawkins.
Reception Committee — George D Clark
James D. Phelan. Edwin L. Forster S V.
Costello. H. E. Faure. James O'Gara W.
P. Beggs. R. P. Phillips. John A. Sully.
Floor Director— Daniel A. Ryan assist
ant floor director. Joseph X Hawkins
Floor Committee— S. \V. Dixon. Charles
L. Quast. Dr. T. J. Frazer. Dr. E. T Mer
vy. Rudolph Trautner. Jere Looney,
George B. Stangenberger. C. E. Black.
The officers of the parlor are: Past
president, Paul McDonald: president,
Daniel A. Ryan; first vice-president,
Leonard Stone; second vice-president
James O'Gara: third vice-president
(reorge B. Stangenberger: marshal. John
A. Sully; treasurer, \V. H. Hazell; finan
cial secretary. F. M. Klrsc-h: recording
secretary. John C. Miller; trustee* Frank
w. Smith. Jere Looney. J. H. Cunning
oam: inside sentinel. Emil Green: outside
sentinel. Albert Tschantz; surgeon, Dr.
11. W. Hunijaker.
ROCKETS LIT THE
SKY AND BOMBS
WROUGHT THUNDER.
Pyrotechnic Displays on Rincon
and Clay Street
Hills.
Rinoon Hill was aw-\ke to a portion
of its former splendor on the centen
nial Jubilee by a display of fireworks.
The pyrotechnics took place on Second
street bridge, where the shells and
rockets could b* seen from ail parts of
the eastern section of the city. The
evening cleared, off sufficiently to af
ford ail tho spectators an uninterrupt
ed view of the disp'ay.
The fireworks wore everything that
could be desired, and while there was
no set pieces, yet each and every
rocket, shell and candle was worthy of
admiration. The display lasted two
hours without any noticeable intermis
sions, a feature which was much ap
preciated by the spectators. As the last
rocket went through the air on its
mission of ce'ebration a gentle shower
started in similar to that which fol
lowed immediately after the proces
sion had passed the reviewing stand.
Just as the signal fire lit up on Rin
con Hill, tinting the lowering clouds
with rainbow hues, the display on Clay
street hill commenced. Rocket after
rocket, bomb after bomb, went hissing
toward the heavens and spread their
multitudes of vari-colored stars against
a background of f u g and mist. Not
withstanding the threatening weather,
many of the residents of the north side
district left their humes to witness the
display. Experts were in charge and
no accident occurred" to mar the en
joyment of the spectator*
After the first ensemble of rockets
and bombs had been fired, those hav
ing the display in charge settled down
to business, and for an hour and a half
the sky waa filled with dazzling fire
and falling stars. l«o set pieces were
used in the display on Clay-street hill,
owing to the fact that the location was
away from the masses of the people.
Nevertheless, it was an exceptionally
good one. The location v.a* high above
the level of the city, and the beauties
of the display could be seen as far as
the eye cou'd reach.
About 500 people who climbed to the
top of the hill, at the corner of San
chez and Twenty-first streets, were
disappointed last night, inasmuch as
the advertised pyrotechnic disph. .
not come off. The programme was in
terfered with by the rain. The stands
for the set pieces were put in place
yesterday afternoon. Just before it
commenced to drizzle. Th^re was then
♦■very indication of a heavy dowr.pour
of rain and the workmen returr.'
the city with the set pieces, expecting
that it would be Impossible to mak^ v
display. The disappointed crowd took
the matter good-naturedly.
HOW THE DAY
PASSED IN THE
VARIOUS COUNTIES.
A Big Parade in the Streets of
Los Angeles — Other
Celebrations.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 24.— The fiftieth
anniversary uf the dis< oy^ry of gold in
California was observed in Los Angeles
in most appropriate and befitting
manner. Almost the entire population
turned out and participated. Although
the banks and leading business houses
failed to take cognizance of Governor
Budd's proclamation declaring the day
a State holiday, the people did. and the
result was that the parade in the after
noon was a grand success in every way,
and this evening the observance of the
event closed with a banquet at Turn
Verein Hall.
The celebration to-day was under
the auspices of the Merchants' and
Manufacturers' Association, the
Native Sons and Native daughters
and the local Society of California
Pioneers. Secretary F. J. Zet handelaar
of the Merchants' and Manufacturers'
Association had added an attractive
feature to the event by prevailing upon
a number of local manufacturers to
make a display in the parade, which
was in the nature of a home products
exhibition.
Long before the hour named for the
parade to start the line of march was
thronged by vast crowds of people in
holiday attire. Every position of van
tage from which the procession could
be reviewed was taken.
Promptly at 2 o'clock the parade
formed at Sixth and Los Angeles
streets, and began to move west on
Sixth to Main. At the head of the pro
cession was Chief of Police J. M. Glass,
with two companies of mounted police.
Mounted on fine horses. Grand Marshal
J. C. dine and Max Meyerberg, R. w
Prldh&ui. R. H. Herron, C. B. Booth
and R. W. Burnham of the exhibition
committee made a handsome appear
ance. After this escort came the first
division. This was composed of Brig
adier-General C. F. A. Last and staff
the Seventh Regiment band. Colonel
John A. Berry and staff and local com
panies of the National Guard.
In the second division were Division
Marshal Ed H. Garrett and aids, the
Los Angeles military band, Los Angeles,
Ramona and Coronado tailors of the
Native Sons of the Golden West. Native
Daughters of the Golden West on
horseback, in tally-hos and chariots;
young ladles -In Mexican costume and
CALIFORNIA'S ELDEST DAUGHTER.
Mrs. Elizabeth Davis of Irvlngton, Alameda County, arrived In the
rlty yesterday to participate in the Jubilee celebration, in which she
B peculiar interest and for pood reasons.
Mi p. Davis claims to be the oldest living native woman of this
State born of American parentage. She was born at Bodega, June 7,
1*47, her parents being Mr. and Mrs. Orrin Smith, and has lived con
tinuously in California since the day of her birth, save for a few
months at different times spent in visiting friends in other States.
Mrs. Davis' father was well-known among the miners of Placer
County, where he owned a hotel near Salmon Falls, in the Natoma
Valley— which valley, by th*> way' he named. Mrs. Davis remembers,
as a little girl, many interesting incidents bearing on the miners who
made her father's hostelry their headquarters in the early days. One
picture which is indelibly impressed on her memory i 3 that of the
sturdy miners lugging rubber boots partly tilled with the precious yel
low dust into her father"s bedroom (the only safe In the caravansary)
f^r temporary storage.
Mrs. Davis has for the past ten years lived in her present home at
Irv'.ngton, she being the wife of Hiram Davis, a respected and well-to
rt, > farmer, and Is th» mother of two children, a son of 10 years and a
daughter ag»d 7. She will remain in this city for a few days, the
guest of Mrs. J. A- Anthony, 231 Castro street.
The lady is not at all disposed to make any display of her claims as
related above, but she invites correspondence with any woman who be
lieves herself to be entitled to the honor of being called the oldest liv
ing daughter of California, and says that she will cheerfully relinquish
her own claim to any other American woman who can prove prior birth
in this State.
the Society of Pioneers of Los Angeles
County in carriage* Many of the
Native Daughter- wore white and gold
co«tume?. in honor of the day
Division Marshal H. F. Lowe and
aid* headed the third division, and
- ing cam- the Patriarchs Militant
f ; the I n O. F.. the board of director;
of the Merchants 1 and Manufacturers
Association. In carriage, the M;l >': >r
and City Council, in carriages, and the
Board of Supervisors, in carriages
Phe fourth division was > n charge of
Dr J S Phillip?, division marshal, and
his aids. Following came Deeble s mili
tary band, the Printing Pressmen s
Union, the handsome Chamber of Com
merce float and the six-horse tallyhos
S T Alexander, with his aids, was at
the head of the fifth division. Follow-
THE PROGRAMME
FOR TO-DAY.
8?
*^ Afternoon and Evening— Rcccp- \
• tlon and refreshments, Native
•* Daughters. Native -ons' llall; ■
•- dancing at night. ~
.* 2 V M. Football. United States •*
iS Army is. National Guard. Central i*
*3 Park. . 28
\ •. •. •. '. *. N *. *. •.'.•.'iSSSS
ing was Coomber's band. After this
•came floats and wagons put in by the
various firms in the city to exhibit their
products.
A great feature of this division was
the sixteen-mule prairie schooner re
sembling those that crossed the plains
fifty years ago. The Boats in the pa
rade were very handsome, the most at
tractive being that of the Chamber of
Commerce, which was drawn by five
horses blanketed in gold trimmed with
white. The general effects were white
and gold. the colors of the chamber,
which are emblematic of orange and
orange blossoms. The float was not too
large and was literally covered with the
products of Southern California. The
frame work was built in tiers, in some
thing like an oblong pyramid. This
whole framework was covered with
white cloth, which swept loose at the
bottom, hiding the wagon box on which
the float rested, and was tastefully
trimmed with festoons of yellow caught
up with rosettes. The hind wheels of
the wagon, which were the only ones
visible, were decorated with alternate
strips of white and yellow. On the first
tier of the structure were oranges, ar
ranged in luscious pyramids. Above
them y in the next tiers were any num
ber of bottles and casks of preserved,
dried and crystallized fruit, mixed In
with miniature exhibits of olive oil,
cube sugar and walnuts, all arranged
in artistic style. Above this, on the top
of the whole, was the most Interesting
feature of the float. At the front the
banner of the Chamber of Commerce
flapped and jerked in the strong wind
•as if in terror of a big stuffed cinna
mon bear which stood open-Jawed and
ferocious just behind. In front and
rear of him were gigantic specimens of
pumpkins and squash. The pumpkin
was truly gigantic, but that squash had
a very' suspicious papiermache appear
ance. Just in the middle of the top
and behind the bear was a basket stand
containing bushels of tempting-looking
oranges. Trailing behind the float came
the delivery wagon of the Chamber of
Commerce, from which 4200 pieces of
literature extolling the advantages of
Southern California were distributed. ,
This evening closed the celebration
with an entertainment and banquet at
Turn Vereln Hall, given by the Los
Angeles County Society of Pioneers, the
Native Sons and Daughters and the
Historical Society. S. A. D. Jones acted
as chairman and C. Truman as toast
master. The opening address was de
livered by Isadore B. Dockweller. The
first part of the programme included a
1 musical entertainment and a minstrel
performance.
The programme of toasts was as fol
lows: "Our City." Hon. M. P. Snyder;
■ "Pioneers." Judge B. S. Eaton; 'Na
tive Daughters." Hon. "W. H. Work
man; "Native Sons," E. S. Schnabel:
"The Day We Celebrate," Dr. D. W.
Edelman; "Discovery of Gold," Hon.
R. L. Del Vaße: "Our State." Frank
Sabichl; "Our Country," W. J. Variel;
"Remarks." W.T.Craig. .
AUBURN, Jan. 24.— Literary exer
cises commemorative of the fiftieth an
[ niversary of the discovery of gold in
California were held In the Opera
house to-night. Judge Prewett deliv
ered the address, and speeches were
made by Sam J. Pullen and P. W.
Smith. The poem was read by Mrs.
M. If. Stuart. Among the pioneers
present were George Bryan, who came
to California as a soldier in IS4C, and
Hon. G. "W. Applegate. who arrived
in Auburn in 184$. General J. Hamil
ton. H. M. Hollister. J. T. Kinkade. B.
F. Myers. James Walsh and others
came in the early fifties.
A grand ball followed under the aus
pices of the Native Sons.
SANTA CRUZ. Jan. 24.— The Golden
Jubilee was observed here to-day by
the closing of all the public buildings
and banks and many of the stores.
This evening the Naval Reserve gave a
grand ball.
BOISE, Idaho, Jan. 24. — In connection
with the celebration in San Francisco
of the discovery' of gold in California,
the story told by Nathan Smith of this
State is interesting. Before his death
Smith often told the story, and ex
pressed a desire that the true history
of the discovery could be published.
Smith claimed to have been with Mar
shall. He said when they wert deep
ening the tailrace to the mill, the little
son of one of the men was playing in the
water. This man was* named Nimmer.
His boy bothered him. showing pebbles
that h»> picked from the water. Finally
the boy picked up something brteht
and went to show it to his father. The
latter impatiently ordered him to go
away and the boy sat down on the
WORDS OF
COMMENDATION
FROM MAGUIRE.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— My
Interest In the Golden Jubilee is
intensified by early recollections.
I met Colonel Sutter and James
W. Marshall personally and vis
ited the scene of Marshall's dis
covery of gold both before his
death and after the erection of
his monument. It was a great
event, of which the addition to
the world's stock of gold was by
no means its most important ef
fect. It attracted to California
in a remarkably short space of
time the grandest population
that ever raised the standard of
civilization in any similar terri
tory in the history of the world.
This population developed its
mines to satisfy the world's de
mand for gold, and then found in
her fertile valleys richer and
more permanent sources of
wealth than her golden placers
and ledges afforded. It brought
a great population to a great
State and laid the foundation for
the grandest commonwealth In
the galaxy of American States.
Such an event deserves to be fit
tingly commemorated and the
Governor has done well to pro
claim its fiftieth anniversary a
legal holiday. I trust that the
Golden Jubliee will be a grand
success, and that It will fully
meet the expectations and satis
fy the sentiments of both the
grand old guard of California
pioneers and their sons and
worthy successors, the Native
Sons of the Golden West.
JAMES G. MAGUIRE.
bank and cried. Marshall sought to
comfort him, asking to see what he
had. It proved to be the nupreet that
made Marshall and California famous.
WHAT WE PAY FOR FREIGHT.
The freight charges paid every year
by the people of the United States to
foreign ships amount to J300.000.000.
This and the money we needlessly pay
out for foreign sugar keep us from
getting rich as fast as we naturally
ought to. — Minneapolis Tribune.
Epping Forest Is the largest public
recreation ground in the world.
:.*..- NEW TO-DAY.
EVERYTHING'
,0000000000000000 _ .
>000000000000000o o
> In our true native Cali- O II 1I J /A
5 fornia fashion we extend © != J/ A \j Aj_L
3 toy on, the hospitality of our ©
3 house. All jubilee visitors © Tr ==^v vr x-" s^?
5 are welcome and are asked © Li) I (ix*
5 tomakethemselv gat home © |)^ I(I If
> with us. Our Bureau of © [LJ/ 1L
' Information, is at your dis- ©
5 posal, and any favors we © i.^ =^-,
5 can extend to visitors to our © (w^ '/^ \. IT " "^
3 city during this week we © /\\ 1 =-^
3 shall do so in a true Cali- © /S>-_^ yt^y jj L-^T
3 fornia fashion. © "'
5 . O
ooooooooooooooopo
0000 Compliments from visitors and from
0000 our owtl nom6 people fell thick and fast
o o o o on us Saturday.
o o o o Our Golden Jubilee Sale, to use Ju-
0000 bH ec . jargon. "A howling success." In
0000 fact the big Re amy- street house always
© © © o scores successes. In the language of the
0000 ball-player, "We put up the right kind
0000 of a game."
Shall we go into gushing and say the loveliest of
suits, the loveliest of Overcoats ?
Shall we throw bouquets at ourselves and say it's
the handsomest line of Overcoats that you ever saw?
We wouldn't be saying anything but the truth, the
whole truth and nothing but the truth.
000000000000000000 000000000000000000
o Whdt proof have we of what we say is so? o
o TJli at proof have we of ir lint we say is so? o
° Why, the word of a Californian and our big ©
o corner window. It's fairly alive with the hand- °
° somest examples of high-class tailor-made gar- o
Q merits that have ever been shown in this city. °
o Nothing at $20 will hold a candle to 'em. These %
% during Jubilee week and beginning again this o
o morning at °
o o
000000000 , 000000000
O iL-^ll^s^ V O
o o
s Kwihirv s
o iL=^ il <^s il 11 IL y o
o rr^^ °
s HiV(e o
000000000 **■ 11 V 000000000
/T&UDEN l rta . .g
The Most •... , [The ■ . :
FasMoinaibJe Swellest
Suits. Overcoats.
00000000000000000 00000000000000000
° °
O Jubilee visitors are kindly asked to inspect our Klon- O
O dike department. Irs a very interesting sigh*. In the O
0 language of Colonel Mulberry Sellers, There's millions ©
®in it and- lots of things to see.'' Vi °
O O
0060600000000000000000 000000000000 00
Q-11-13-15 KEARNY ST.
X WO BUILDINGS-EIGHT FLOORS.
56
TUESDAY JANUARY 25, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main IS6B.
LDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson stree
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers in this city and surrounding towns
fcr 15 cents a week.- By mail $6 per year, per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 903 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C. OFFICE RSfefes House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES--527 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street: open until
9:30 o'clock.. 621 MoAllister street: open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open until
£ o'clock- 2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock
106 Eleventh st.; open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk street
cpen until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
end Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin—" The Girl From Paris."
California — "Courted Into Court."
Alcazar— "The Arabian Nights-"
Morosco's— "Brother for Brother."
Tivoll— "Brian Boru."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Bush— Thalia Gcrman-Hcnrew Opera Co., Wednesday nlg-ht-
Olympla, cor. Mason and Eddy streets.— Kirchuer's Ladles'
Orchestra.
Metropolitan Temple — Concert Thursday evening:.
The Chutes— Chl<iulta and Vaudeville
Lybeck Cycle Skating- Rink— Optical Illusions.
Pacific Coast Jockey C'iub, Inirlf.suic Racetrack — Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Shalnw.iM. Buckbeo k Co.— This day, January 25, Real Es-
tate, at 218 Montgomery street, at 12 o'clock.
By G. H. Umbeen, Monday, January 31, Real Estate, at U
Montgomery street, at 12 o'clock.
THE HUNTINGTON MESSAGE.
IN yesterday's edition of this paper appeared a
message from Mr. Huntington. It counseled a
change in the people of California, in effect, the
cultivation of a spirit of unselfishness leading them to
work for the common interest. Surely the advice is
good for this State or for any other.
It would be ungracious to use Mr. Huntington's
message as a text tor harsh comment or as the ex
cuse for reproducing comment such as has been
found necessary on other occasions. Let the mes
sage be accepted as sincere and well intended. But
Mr. Huntington must know that here the opinion
prevails that he, more than any other one person,
is responsible for the lack of progress to which he
refers. Could he not. then, find it possible to set an
example? Precept is excellent, but there is always
much of it, and of example the rarity has often been
noted. There can be no objection to Mr. Hunting
ton's offering: wise counsel. But were he to act upon
it there would be applause.
FULL STEAM AHEAD.
COPIES of the Jubilee edition of The Call issued
in time to be started from the Oakland mole
at 1:53 Sunday morning were delivered at Sac- i
ramento within an hour and forty minutes later, and !
in Los Angeles within twelve hours. The earliest
risers in the capital found The Call awaiting them,
and in the far City of the Angels the people had the
satisfaction of receiving and reading the grand edi
tion early in the afternoon.
These feats were record breakers for the railroad.
Never before has such swift time been made on a
long railway run in California, and but rarely in any
part of the world. The time made to Los Angeles
was, in fact, an extraordinary achievement and will
be long memorable in railroad records. During the
run the breaking of a bolt delayed the engine an
hour and forty-five minutes, and still the trip was made ■
in less time than originally estimated. For a portion !
of the way the speed exceeded seventy miles an hour.
By breaking the railroad records The Call main
tained its own. It is always on time. It never fails
to surpass bygone achievements and to set up new
standards of excellence for the emulation of rivals.
In this instance it obtained a double triumph by pub
tithing the best Jubilee edition and by delivering it :
more promptly than any other paper. When other !
morning journals of this city reached the interior
they were virtually back numbers. The people had j
already learned the news of the day and read ac- i
counts of the grand Golden Jubilee hours before in
the glowing columns of the speedy Call.
"Full steam ahead" was announced as the motto :
of The Call when the new management took charge,
and full steam ahead it is. The Call is going to the 1
front in all lines of newspaper activity with a rapid
ity and sureness that break all records. It is mak
ing itself known as the ideal Californian paper. It is !
prompt to give special distinction to each event of i
notable importance that arises, it is prompt to cham- '
pion enterprise and movements for good government
in all sections of the State, it is prompt to expose 1
corruption wherever it may be found and to denounce
wrongdoers no matter in what powerful coiabina- ;
tions they may exist, it is prompt to gather up all the !
news and prompt to distribute it. The record breaking
runs to Sacramento and to Los Angeles were but
illustrative of the movement The Call is making all i
along the line. It not only gets there, but gets there
first.
There is yet a lack of lucid explanation as to the
method by which the Examiner procured certain
pictures belonging to the Placerville Mountain
Democrat and not only published them as its own,
but boasted they were "exclusive." With its long
practice, a real yellow journal ought to be equal to
committing larceny more smoothly and know enough
not to try to make excuses. Whenever the Ex
aminer makes the plea of "not guilty" public opinion
at once amends by striking out the "not."
Dr. Talbot of New York is a candidate for sym
pathy. While at 35— the very prime of life— he has
been left a lorn widower. All he has to console him
is the million dollars left by his wife and the thought
of his own noble sacrifice in having married her.
Mrs. Talbot was 81, and the world has a sincere ad
miration for the man who takes to wife a woman
forty-six years his senior.
If President Dole intends to remain until the Sen
ate shall act on the treaty his stay will be sufficient
to permit him to become acquainted with this coun
try. But if he is under contract to stay until favor
able action, he might as well send for his household
goods.
The Paris editors who are having duels over the
Zola case ought to send the novelist a bill. He is no
more entitled to free advertising than anybody else.
HAWAIIAN LABOR.
AGAIN, we insist, let the truth be told about
"the peculiar conditions and the needs of la
bor" in Hawaii. If the Government is to give
the islands the "separate laws" hoped for by Presi
dent Dole, by which they can secure coolie contract
labor, let that fact be admitted now.
In the present position of the pea somebody is
liable to bet it is under the wrong shell, and the shell
game is not statesmanship, anyway.
Robert Cotton, for twenty years a resident in the
islands, has recently written to an Eastern friend
some facts that deserve a wide circulation. In this
letter Mr. Cotton says:
"After annexation the present Asiatic population
would disappear, to reappear in the continental parts
of the United States, and the question as to what
population would take its place brings me to the
principal part of the misfortune that I think annexa
tion would be to the islands — the difficulty would be
In getting labor for the sugar plantations. There are
ardent annexationists here who affect to see some
means of keeping up the Asiatic labor supply after we
are part and parcel of the United States and subject to
their laws, those against contract labor among others.
Now, without the sugar plantations the islands would
be commercially nowhere, and without a large per
centage of contract labor it has not been hitherto
found practicable to work any plantation success
fully, and if we are to depend for the success of our
sugar industry upon eluding the laws of the United
States we shall be paying much too high a price for
the privilege of living under those laws. Some ar
dent annexationists profess to believe that the cane
fields can be cultivated by white labor, but they know
better, as does every one who knows what cane culti
vation is."
That is a sober and truthful statement. If our labor
laws are extended to Hawaii, together with our Chi
nese exclusion laws, and enforced, the commerce of
the islands will decay. If the plantations are run in
violation of these laws an issue as dangerous as
slavery was is introduced into our politics. If sep
arate laws, hoped for by Dole, are passed to permit
the use of low-priced coolie labor in Hawaii, our
American sugar industry may as well stop where it
is to save the loss of the greater sacrifice it must
make by and by. All the time men like Mr. Cotton.
having no interest in the oligarchy or the monarchy,
but long resident in the islands and close observers
of the "peculiar conditions and needs of labor," give
out these calm and unprejudiced statements of the
situation.
So far not a military', commercial nor political
reason worthy of consideration has been offered in
favor of annexation. Nor has a straight or direct
answer been given by any annexationist to such
statements as Mr. Cotton's.
An answer is simple and easy, if possible at all.
Let any sugar planter who is putting up the money
for annexation say whether his plantation can be
worked by white labor at white wages. If he thinks
it can let him test it at once by enrolling such labor
immediately, in San Francisco, and sending it out at
W2ges equal to those paid by the beet sugar farmers
here.
Surely the magnitude of the issues involved war
rants such a test, and if those who profess to believe
white labor possible there are telling the truth there
is no risk in the experiment.
A full season, a year, may be taken in the trial.
Annexation need not be hurried, indeed it cannot be.
for the reasons which The Call has given for the la-t
two months now dominate the situation and annex
ation cannot come at all.
But the planters who have been promoting it may
have enough regard for their reputation to make a
twelve months' trial of white labor at white wages.
A CHANGED BOODLER.
JUST now the Mission street Boodler is greatly
concerned about the administration of the law
in the local criminal courts. This concern is
interesting because the Boodler, until recently, has
been in favor of putting the screws upon everybody
detected violating the provisions of the Penal Code.
At times, indeed, it has been clamorous upon the
subject, and when engaged in enforcing the law it
has not hesitated frequently to advise the employ
ment of special counsel to assist the elected prose
cuting officers, as well as often to darkly threaten
application of vigilance committee methods for the
punishment of certain classes of crime.
Now it says the employment of special counsel for
the prosecution of offenses against the law is a "privi
lege that should be jealously guarded." The danger
of personal feelings being introduced into such pros
ecutions, in its opinion, is very great. It is the duty
of the public prosecutor, the Boodler thinks, to be
just and fair and to refrain from resorting to those
"devious, doubtful methods which lawyers so often
employ to win lawsuits, cither by hook or crook."
In other words, the Boodler now believes the crim
inal law should be administered without passion or
prejudice and upon an exactly contrary theory to
that which, in pursuit of "advertising" contracts, it
has for years advocated administering it.
We need scarcely add that the Boodler's wonderful
revulsion of sentiment is attributable to the fact that
one of its editors has fallen into the clutches of the
law and is soon to grace the dock of a criminal de
partment of the Superior Court.
Its aversion to the employment of special counsel
arises from the additional fact that in this case an
attorney has been employed to see that its editor gets
what he has been demanding so long for others,
namely, unadulterated justice. But evidently the
Boodler does not want justice for its editors. What
it wants is justice for its enemies. The employment
of special counsel is all right except when they are
employed to bring it to book for libel and slander.
There is an old saying that it is always material
whose ox is gored. So long as the Boodler, in its
anxious search for "advertising" contracts, was per
mitted to gore the oxen of everybody, the criminal
law could not be administered too vigorously for it.
Now that its own cattle are being tossed it enter
tains an altogether different opinion. Nothing is too
slipshod and loose in the prosecution of crime to suit
it. But perhaps the Boodler is afraid of the jail. If
it is, it is a coward. Bullies are naturally cowards,
and it does not surprise us that this journalistic bully
fears lest it may have to be edited from a prison
house. In any event, however, it is quite plain that
the Boodler is no martyr. If half it says about its
Spartan virtue were true, it would defend its privi
lege to procure '•advertising" contracts by libel and
slander with its very life.
An exchange says this paper recently made the an
nouncement "No more births on Alaska steamers."
If this is true the fact must be ascribed to a mere in
advertence. The Call is not going into any phase
of the Schenk business and does not propose to at
tempt the regulation of matters outside its jurisdic
tion. %
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, TrESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1898.
A TRUE CALIFORNIA PAGEANT.
T~^ EYQND all controversy the grand parade of
~J\ yesterday was thoroughly and ideally Califor
nian. It represented our civic life, our indus
tries, our military and naval power, our schools, our
artistic taste, our history, our youth and age, manhood
and womanhood, our diversity of race and nation
ality, our cosmopolitanism and our localism. It was
varied, brilliant, beautiful, surpassing by far any
other procession ever seen on the Pacific Coast, and
rivaling J n many o f its featuresf catures the most nota ble
street pageants of the great capitals of the East and
Europe.
The procession was long, but magnitude was the
least striking of its many notable features. To the
stranger who looked upon it the most impressive
characteristic must have been the diversity of the
parts that made it up. Types of all races of the earth
from the Occident to the Orient, from the young
Californian of the public schools to the Chinaman,
pnssed in review before the crowds that had assem
bled to do honor to the Golden Jubilee of a State
settled and peopled by men and women of all nations.
In any other city such a procession would be noted
as a distinctly cosmopolitan parade, but here it was
not cosmopolitan. It was simply a pageant of Cali
fornia.
In a procession where each section was in its va
riety so excellent it is somewhat invidious to select
any for special notice, nevertheless public commend
ation is due to the splendid showing made by the
children of the schools and by the societies
from distant parts of the State, whose members
came in genuine State patriotism to assist in making
glorious the celebration of the Californian Jubilee.
The school chjldren carried themselves through the
long march with a vigor of step and a perfection
of discipline that attest the stamina of the coming
Californian and the worth of the tiaining he is re
ceiving. With such a youth in the jubilee of yester
day we may be sure the jubilees of the future will be
in safe hands.
To the members of visiting organizations who took
part in the parade San Francisco owes the freedom
of the city. They. helped to make the holiday one
that will add to the prestige of the community and
heighten its credit abroad. Without their aid the
success of the procession would have fallen far short
of the brilliant triumph it was. It is gratifying that
this fact was generally recognized by the throngs on
the streets yesterday, and that cheers for the visitors
accompanied them throughout nearly the whole line
of march.
After the grand result of the parade it is hardly
likely there will be disappointment in any part of the
entertainments provided to fill up the week and con
nect the jubilee with the opening of the Mining Fair.
The public is now well assured that the management
of the celebration is in the hands or men of taste,
talent and energy. They have attested their ability
to conduct a jubilee and justly merit the congratu
lations they will receive from all sides.
ACCORDING to the London Times the condi
tion and prospects of British agriculture as dis
closed by the records of 1897 arc by no means
encouraging. The weather of the year was on the
whole favorable to all kinds of crops and prices were
better than for several years past, and yet the results
serve only to show that even amid propitious circum
stances the British farmer can hardly maintain him
self and pay rent.
A notable feature of the records is the evidence
given of the tendency to increase at the expense of
other grain crops the area planted in wheat. In 1896
there was an increase of 278.000 acres over the area
of the preceding year, and this was followed in 1807
by a further increase of 205.000 acres. The increased
acreage seems to be promising, hut the promise is
deceptive, as the records show that the quantity of
the crops and the quality of the wheat produced were
so poor that notwithstanding the enlarged area de
voted to that grain the harvests of the year were the
lowest on record except those of 1893 and 1895.
The most conspicuous diminution of area devoted
to any one crop is that of the potato acreage. This
is particularly the case in Ireland. For years past
the potato area has been decreasing in that island
and to such an extent has the diminution been car
ried that in 1896 the area employed for that crop was
less by one-third than in 1871.
Along with the decrease in crops there has been
also a decrease in the number of farm animals. True
the number of cattle have increased somewhat, but
this has been counterbalanced by a more than pro
portional decrease in the number of sheep, while the
.lumber of hogs has fallen from 4.300,000 in 1896 to
3,680,000. The Times notes that the decrease in the
number of pigs is significant of straitened means
among the poorer classes of the rural population.
A still more significant indication of increasing
pressure upon the British farmer is the decline in the
number of horses used for farm purposes. These
numbered 45,000 less in 1897 than in the previous
year. As the period was one of plentiful food sup
ply the diminution in the number of farm horses can
be attributed only to the fact that the farms have
ceased to be profitable and the farmers are abandon
ing their cultivation.
Pertinent to this subject is a statement made by
Lord Brasscy in an article in the current number of
Review of Reviews on "The Position of the British
Navy." Lord Brassey admits that the taxes neces
sary to maintain and augment the great fleets of the
empire fall heavily on the rural districts, and as a
consequence "many fine old places have been closed
and troops of retainers have been dispersed." Never
theless, he argues, it is better the money were spent
in building ships of war than in promoting produc
tive enterprises. "Certain it is," he says, "that the
increase of production would have reduced prices."
When a nation gets into a condition where land
owners have to close their hereditary homes, farmers
have to sell their horses and laborers give up their
pigs, while the Government spends millions on war
ships because increase of productive ability would
entail disaster, there is surely something wrong in its
economic system. And yet such is the condition of
the land of Cobden.
Policeman Murcell of Oakland should not be per
mitted to carry arms. His act of shooting at a boy
who had been guilty of jumping from a moving train
proves that he lacks discretion, and by missing the
target he showed that his marksmanship would be
useless in case of a real emergency. A new use
should be found for Murcell, although to suggest
one is difficult. Perhaps he could herd geese.
Representative citizens of Chicago indulged in a
riot in their efforts to get a view of a fat man named
Luetgert who is suspected of having killed his wife.
The bent of the Chicago mind is peculiar, and in
moments of enthusiasm it can make more imperative
derr.nnds upon the policeman's club than any other
style of mind adorning modern civilization
BRITISH AGRICULTURE.
INDIVIDUAL THOUGHTS,
BY A MODEST CRITIC.
"Ring the merry bells of heaven, let
the earth with joy be laden," is the
song of California to-day. It is good
to be happy and unwise to mourn. The
bells have pealed, guns have joined
the general acclaim and for the time
being we are a proud as well as a con
tented people. The greatest good the
discovery of gold did was to bring to
light the other magnificent natural re
sources of California, which, thanks to
men of enterprise— as well as of capi
tal—are being developed more rapidly
yearly.
Gold has been discovered in Austra
lia, hut with the discovery has come no
exceptional blossom, no unusual bloom.
Gold has boon found in Southern Af
rica, but with it no specially magnifi
cent scenery and no territory that of
fers the cool of the Sierras and the
heat of the San Joaquin Valley on the
same day in such very small expanse
of region. Do we all appreciate what
a blessed part of the earth it is in
which we exist? I think not.
It is possibly regrettable that tc-day
I am compelled to show that "The Ha
waiian Islands, instead of being strate
gically of value to us will be a constant
source of weakness." The promise has
been made, and being made it must be
kept, even though on this day of re
joicing, in the keeping of the compact,
the toes of such distinguished men as
General Schofleld, Captain Mahan and
the senior Senator from Alabama will
have to be trod on.
The era of universal peace not hav
ing arrived, we arte fairly assured of a
quarrel with some nation in the future.
The statesman who says it is certain
to be Japan. Italy, Russia, France,
England or Germany displays his un
fltness for assisting in controlling des
tinies. He vows that he knows what
to-morrow will bring forth — and he is,
by the grace of heaven, ignorant on
that point. To jingoes of the Morgan
type it is clear that it will be either
Spain, Japan or Great Britain. But
thoughtful people 6ee that it may hap
pen to be Mexico. And seeing that,
they are in a better position to judge
of Hawaiian matters than the coterie
of which Senator Morgan is the most
conspicuous example of folly.
The source of weakness that these
islands would be to us in the event of
war is possibly best shown by example.
Let us suppose that we have annexed
Cuba. War breaks out. With whom?
Say the French. (It is as likely to be
France as England or Japan). We have
all manner of munition in Cuba, for
the rule at this day is to be provided
for emergencies, though it must be ad
mitted we show carelessness in this
matter that is more than injudicious.
If the power with whom we quarrel is
able to defeat us on the ocean he will
forthwith proceed to annex for his own
use our Cuban territory and the sup
plies that Cuba holds. Then he has a
base of operations 'gainst us, but had
we not annexed Cuba the territory
would have been neutral, and the enemy
would have been unable to gain his
vantage point. The one great principle
underlying all strategy— military as
well as naval— ls this: Take no posi
tion that you cannot reasonably expect
to be able to hold. If it is not evident,
owing to our naval weakness, that we
shall not for at least half a century to
come be able to hold .the Hawaiian
Islands in case of war, I should like to
know what is evident: Have we even
a naval plan— to say nothing of the ex
ecution — that will enable us to face a
first-rate maritime power within
twenty years? We have not. So far as
France, Italy, Russia or Germany is
concerned we are decidedly weak, and
the rebuilding of the navy is going
on so slowly that we are growing com
paratively weaker each year.
As pointed out above, we are un
aware of the nation which will choose
to disturb our peace, and it is plain
enough that if it is one superior in
naval power to us the possession of the
Sandwich group is a menace to this
coast, and not a "valuable outpost."
Captain Mahan is as well aware as
am I of the strategic principle quoted,
and I should like to ask him how he
manages to avoid the consideration of
it when writing of the question now
being discussed.
This clover man has done what hun
dreds of others have done before him.
He has reasoned backward, so to speak.
He has been lured to think the Ha
waiian Islands strategically of value to
us, and then has tried to find premises
! for his conclusion. In the attempt he
j has been compelled to assume these two
I self-evidently fallacious propositions:
(1) That if we decline the territory
' <with its coolies) some other nation will
accept the gift *hat is at present going
a-begging. (2) The nation that em
braces the group will be one with which
jwe shall quarrel. If on consideration
he will assert these premises to be ac
curate, his conclusion shall be admitted.
But he will not, and it is on them that
all his argument has been based as to
the strategic value of these islands.
There is another point worth noticing
by those who quote this gifted man on
this proposition. He sees in the group
a coal base for cruisers and fleets gen
erally. For this he may be forgiven.
The labor and the time necessary to
produce what he has written is so im
mense that it would fairly stagger one
unacquainted with popular technical
exposition. But the world, turning upon
its axis (except when ordered to stand
still by Joshua or the Chronicle's as
tronomer) advances without regard to
what the most distinguished men are
doing for the instruction of those less
enlightened. Progress in no branch of
life calls a halt. Methods that are
modern when one commences on work
of the nature that made Captain Mahan
famous are often regarded as out-of
date when the text-book appears. The
evidence of to-day is that navies will be
coaled at sea in the near future. The
system is now almost perfected. Thr.e
years to come it is more than probable
that the immense coal-carrying steam
ers of all countries will be fitted to en
able them to rapidly supply coal to
battle-ships, cruisers and smaller craft.
Three years ago the possibility of mak
ing 'sea-cnallng" a success was
scorned. Toxt-books like the one Cap
tain Mahan has produced are not
ivnKed in a year or two when they are
co excellent, and the instances in which
he is wrong about Hawaii are to be half
excused because of th<^ general ex
cellence of his work. The coal base of
an enemy who attacks this coast in the
future will not be Honolulu; it will be
a half-dozen capacious colliers pro
tected by cruisers.
General Schofleld should make up
his mind to talk on matters military,
and let naval affairs alone. That is,
until he can learn more about them
than he knows now. He but makes
the whole nation ridiculous when he
talks of the Hawaiian Islands being of
value to watch the Western entrance
to. the proposed Niearaguan canal.
He makes the nation ridiculous because
he should be the exponent of our best
strategical ability, and that utterance
<>f his is not calculated to show that we
have even a particle of it in our army.
Still we have and a mighty big lot, too.
The Eastern entrance to that canal
must be protected too, it is pointed out
to the gallant gentleman, and the St.
Paul rocks fon the equatorial line)
might be annexed for the purpose!
Have no lessons been taught to lands
men — to military men — by recent naval
maneuvers? Is the "Vesuvius" inci
dent already forgotten? Opposed by a
larger fleet than we could possibly
spare in troublous times to protect the
entrance to any single harbor or canal
the little dynamite cruiser found her
way past a half dozen of the best ships
we have. Each ship knew what was to
be expected too. And our naval officers
are as highly trained as any of the
world. The ships were extended, I be
lieve, eight miles, and with this experi
ment fresh in most minds General
Schofield sees the possibility of protect
ing a canal entrance from a position
thousands of miles away! What would
he think of the colonel of a regiment
who, bent on the protection of San
Francisco.were to suggest that it would
be advisable to deploy half his men in
the Yuma desert? Yet the one proposal
is as strategically sensible as the other.
It is proper to speak of this soldier j
with respect, and for aught I know to |
the contrary his strategical ideas gen
erally may be excellent; with reference |
to the Hawaiian matter I regret to have
to admit that they not only do not im
press, but they are so clearly weak that |
they are not worthy the distinguished
position he holds.
One of our best known soldiers has
seen fit to publish his opinion on the
Dreyfus scandal. It is a pity that he
was weak enough to give way to the
temptation. The French nation has no
wish to punish Captain Dreyfus for a
crime he did not commit, and that one
prominent American shouid by impli
cation say that he believes the contrary
to be true is painful. We are too much
given to interfering with the affairs of
other powers. Competent judges found
Dreyfus guilty of treason on evidence
that quite satisfied them. It Is then
more than presumable that he was.
The punishment meted out to him is
surely none too great for the crime
charged. He who will attempt to betray
his nation has no right to mercy of any
sort. To my mind he deserves no con
sideration. He is unworthy farther
thought.
PRAISE FROM YOLO COUNTY.
Woodland Democrat.
The people of Woodland were
treated to a genuine and agreeable
surprise Sunday morning. The
"Golden Jubilee Edition"' of The
Call was delivered to them before 7
o'clock in the morning\ and they
enjoyed the satisfaction of studying
its table of contents while they
sipped their morning coffee. This
fiat was accomplished without any
Mare of trumpets or advance her
alds, and is. therefore, the more
h.artlly appreciated by the readers
of The Call. It was an entirely new
and novel experience for the people
of this city. San Francisco papers
have heretofore run special trains
fi>r the accommodation and conven
ience of thoir subscribers in large
interior cities like Sacramento and
San Jose, and smaller towns along
the route have enjoyed the benefit
<>f such enterprise, but no San
Francisco morning paper has ever
before succeeded In reaching Wood
land at such an early hour. In ac
complishing this feat the enter
prise of The Call was ably second
.••l by its local agent, Mr. E. P.
Huston, who drove to Davisville
and received the Woodland edition
from The Call's special train and
returned to this city in time to sup
ply The Call's subscribers who left
on the early morning train to spend
Jubilee week In San Francisco.
The Jubilee edition is of sufficient
nn-rit to warant even such extra
ordinary efforts for early delivery
to subscribers in the interior of the
State. It consists of forty-two
pages, not one of which is dull or
commonplace. The cover is hand
some and artistic and the design is
especially appropriate for the oc
casion. The illustrations are of pe
culiar interest, calling to mind
the principal events and characters
of the stirring times when the gold
excitement was at its height in
California. From a literary and
historical standpoint the edition Is
entitled to take high rank. The
story of the earliest discovery of
gold and of the subsequent develop
ment of the mining industry is told
in a style so thriiling and graphic
as to invest it with all the charm
and interest of a romance, and the
accuracy of statement makes it a
valuable contribution to the his
torical literature of the State. The
Call is to be congratulated upon
its latest and most creditable en
terprise.
EDITION OF UNUSUAL MERIT
San Jose Evening News.
The San Francisco Call took ad
vantage of the Jubilee celebration
tv issnf a special edition of more
than ordinary merit, including a
finely lithographed cover bearing
the typical iigure of the miner of
'4!) and many well-executed half
tones illustrating various phases of
mining life.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
F. B. Chandler, a big rancher of El
mlra, is at the Ltek.
E. M. McLaughlin. Urn San Jose capi
talist, is ;it UM Occidental.
M. L. McDonald, Urn Santa Rosa mil
lionaire, is at the Occidental.
Chattel L. Fi.uk. a woll-known resident
Of WoodviUa, ia at tn« Palace.
T. EL Hi'iiard. ■ lumber man of Chico,
lias tak.'ii r<>.>ms at tho Cinuul.
Jay I>. Winder, a leading business man
of Banta Roam, la .>t the California.
L. A. Spltxrr. tin- Gooaty Asv sor of
Santa Clara, la starring at the Cirand.
H. LaSM, a wealthy mining man of Ne
vada County, is a guest at Urn tiraml.
V. S. McClati hy, one of the proprietors
of tho BacriUMßto Bee, is at the Cali
fornia.
B. H. T'pham. a vfneyardlst of Mar
tinez, is one of those staying at the Lick
during Jubilee WMk.
C. J. Berry of Klondike fame has come
down from the interior to participate In
the general good time that every one is
having at present. He is at the Grand.
At one of the
cigar stands at
tached to a prom
inent hotel in this
city there was an
enterprising clerk
who, not content
with his regular
♦ GOT OFF }
♦ VERY EASILY. *
I ♦
salary and the or
dinary perquisites that go with one of
those lucrative positions, was trying to
get rich faster that the law allows by
working the cash register for all there
was in it. The owner of the stand, notic
ing that his receipts were not piling up to
their accustomed mark, started an inves
tigation in order to ascertain the reason
Of the unusual shrinkage; and after a
long period of careful watching succeeded
in detecting his ambitious employe in the
act of helping himself to the contents of
the little nickel-plated box behind the
counter when ho thought there was no
one around to witness his dishonesty. The
owner of the stand made his presence
known just at the moment the fellow's
hand was.coming out of the drawer, and
said:
"What are you doing in that register,
Harry?"
"Oh, is that you, Mac?" answered the
unabashed rascal. "I was just taking a
little carfare out to go home with."
"A little carfare?" reputed his employ
er. "Where do you live? In Chicago? If
you do you had better come right out
from behind that counter and start di
rectly home; and, by the way, if ysu
know what is good for you, you will stay
home when you get there."
P. Carroll, a rich wine manufacturer of
Petaluma, is among the guests at the
Grand.
Ralph Bell, a gentleman from England,
traveling for his health, is registered at
the Palace.
Homer S. Ritter, of the United States
Coast and Geodetic Survey, is registered
at the Occidental.
Arthur M. Morse, one of New York's
most popular club men, is a guest at the
Palace with his wife.
F. A. Weast, one of the best known and
most progressive citizens of Red Bluff, is
staying at the Palace.
Miss Marie
Dressier of the
"Courted Into
Court" Com
pany, who is at
present filling an
engagement at
A COSfLY *
LITTLE ♦
COMPLIMENT.*
'• the California
Theater, has a reputation for always
doing the graceful thing, and in this con
nection one of her recent pretty arts
cost her a handsome marquise ring. Miss
Dressier was playing at the Columbia
Theater in Washington, D. C, and INT :sa
Cisneros of Cuban and Karl Decker fame
was in one of the boxes. She was par
ticularly pleased with one of Miss Dress
ler's songs and was very enthusiastic In
her applause. Miss Dressier acknowl
edged the compliment of Miss Clsnerog
by tossing her a bunch of roses which she
carried. In so doing the ring slipped
from her finger and striking the stage
bounded into the orchestra and was lost.
A close search was made, but the ring
was not found.
Allan B. Lemmon. the publisher of tha
Santa Rosa Republican, Is at the Occi
dental for a short stay.
L. L. Gray, one of the foremost business
men of Fresno, is at the Occidental, with
his wife, to witness the week's festivi
ties.
E. A. Moody, a wealthy mining man of
Gold Run, has come down to participate
in the city's hurrah. He is staying at the
Palace.
Dr. T. J. O'Connor, the leading physi
cian of Healdsburg, is among those who
will make the Grand their headquarters
during jubilee week.
H. H. Enchy, a wealthy resident of
Buffalo, N. V., is at the Occidental, with
his wife, where they will remain during
the short time they are in the city.
"It Is strange
how many differ
ent origins there
are to a good
thing," said a
well-known the
atrical man yes
terday in the of-
! is it I
! TO LAUGH? 1
flee of the Palace. "Take that catch
phrase of 'The Girl From Paris.' 'Is it to
laugh?' for instance. • Mr. Rice offers a re
ward for any person not claiming Its
birth as an effort of his own brilliancy.
"One afternoon on walking up Broad
way in New r York he stopped at the Em
pire Theater. There he met Al Hayman,
who said, 'Do you know how that phrase
you're using originated? I can tell you.
Harry Mann had a German aunt whom
he took to see "Secret Service." As they
started out she exclaimed enthusiastic
ally, "Is it to laugh, is it to cry?" That's
how the thing started.'
"As Rice traveled from city to city with
his show he n*>t in each place some fel
low who had ah aunt, father, mother-in
law or dead brother, to each one of whom
the catchy saying was accredited. Now
here is the straight story:
"One of the actors in "The Girl From
Paris' is the son of a German. When the
piece was first put on he invited his moth
er to witness the performance. 'Well,
mother,' said he at supper, 'what do you
think of the show?' 'Ach, mem son,"
chuckled the old lady In reminiscence of
her enjoyment. 'Vat do I say about it al
ready? Is it to laugh.'
"That is the real story."
■ ♦ ■
Cal. glace fruit 50c perlb at Townsend's. 1
» ♦ »
Mocha pistache, pineapple cake. 905 Larkin.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery st. Tel. Main 1042. "
At the session of the Academle dcs
Sciences, held at Paris on December 13,
the Cuvler prize of 1500 francs was
awarded to Professor O. C. Marsh of
Yale University. This prize is awarded
every three years for the most remark
able work either on the animal kingdom
or on geolopy.
Dr. Siegeht's An<;ostoha Bitters 1b in
dorsed by physicians and clioniista for purity.
Don't be defrauded by accepting a substiiute.
The Bmnn "Bkows's Bronchial Troches"
are sold only in boxes. They are wonderfully
effective for Coughs and Throat Troubles.
_ _^« — .
BETTER THAN THE KLONDIKE.
In spite of all the feverish haste to be
rich, maugro all Klondike crazes, and all
socialistic crazes pursued by those who
expect or hope In some magical or Inde
finable way to iive oft society, with little
personal effort, it is still a truth, ami
ever will be a truth, that the rewards of
this world will go to those who earn
them by slow, patient, steady industry;
by careful, prudent, calculating endea
vor; by painstaking .application, temper
ate living and slow saving.— Portland
Ort'gonian.
NEW TO-DAY.
Year cake again "^
perfectly IweSy ?
Really that Royal Bak-
ing Powder is a won-
derful leavener.CHLORAL HIS
DEADLY
DRAUGHT
J. W. Little Makes a
Desperate Attempt
at Suicide.
He Was Found Lying in
a Doorway on Turk
Street.
Taken to the Receiving Hos
pital and Pumped
Out.
IN LOVE WITH HIS EX-WIFE
The Latt«r Some Time Ago Secured
• Divorce From
Him.
J. W. Little, a clerk In the general
passenger office of the Southern Pa
cific Company, was found in a semi
conscious condition in the doorway
of a house at Turk and Polk streets
yesterday afternoon. He was removed
to the Receiving Hospital, where Drs.
Weil and Rinne diagnosed the case as
one of chloral poisoning. Afterrecover
lng consciousness, Little declared that
he had taken ninety grains of the poi-
Bon, and begged to be allowed to die.
"vThen asked why he made an attempt
on his life. Little said that his wife
secured a divorce from him about a
year ago, and since then he has been
despondent.
"I could not live without her," he re
marked, "and I determined to kill my
self. Yesterday forenoon I purchased
ninety grains of chloral, and, going to
my room at 611 Bush street, swallowed
a large dose of the poison. As it did
not appear to affect me, I took the re
mainder. I then left my room and
wandered about the streets until I be
came weak and fell In the doorway
•where the police found me."
The surgeons at the hospital say that
Little will recover.
In one of his pockets was found the
following document, dated June 22
1897:
"In consideration of a note made by
J. "W. Little, payable to me and of even
THE ONE THAT J. W. LITTLE LOVED.
date, I. Ada H. Penders, do hereby re
lease forever and for all time the said
J. W. Little, his heirs, assigns and ex
ecutors from all claims of whatsoever
kind or nature that may in the future
arise, or have in the past arisen, in the
case of Little vs. Little, in which I was
plaintiff and J. W. Little defendant.
"(Signed) MRS. ADA PENDERS."
Mrs. Penders is the divorced wife of
the would-be suicide. On a piece of
liotepaper, which was found In Little's
pocket-book, was written the follow
ing sentence In lead pencil:
"If you were going there to avoid
me, why did you go to the hall up
stairs?
"How could you escape me In that
way, when you knew I saw you go
there?
"You say he did not know but what
I was your brother.
"If I was your brother, why did you
■wish to escape me?"
On another scrap of paper was writ
ten the following:
"I forgive you all. I am now beyond
all human aid."
It is supposed that the despondent
clerk wrote the above after taking the
poison. In his pocket-book was also
found a small photograph of his ex
•wife, which he tore in pieces. Last
night Little had almost entirely recov
ered from the effects of the po"lson.
CROOKS LANDED IN PRISON.
Captain Bo^en and hf's Men Mak.e
Several Important Captures.
Through tho efforts of Captain Bohen
NEW TO-DAY.
It Valiantly Stands
Dr. Miles' Restorative TT«_ T ■
Nervine has stood the | |JG I GSI
test of years of the most . . v vc:.
exhaustive triels. It gives vitality and in-
creased vigor. It dispels that weary sleepless-
ness and induces refreshing rest. . It make*
the weak. Invalid strong and well. It has
won its grand reputation by successful re-
sults. It record of side people restored to
health Is not equaled. It is the. prescription
of Dr. Miles, the greatest specialist in heart
~^- »«•« • ami nerve diseases.
Ill* MhifkQ For ssle Pr 811 drug-
tTi • ITII!<C;C9 plsts un(ler guarantee
to benefit. Book on ai ,'■•:•'
heart and nerves free («] C± \/ 1 3HBI^
by addressing the I^BC/I- T Bliy»-
X>a. MILES MEDICAL CO.. £ikii«r^ lad.
and his men a number of clever crooks
were landed in prison yesterday before
they had a chance to operate. The head
of the detective department detailed his
men at every important point along the
line of march, with instructions to arrest
all suspicious characters. Beforr the
parade was over nine well-known crootai
were arrested and locked up in the City
Prison.
Dan Keating, who the police say Is an
ex-convict, was arrested by Detective
Graham and Officer Samuels and charged
with burglary. Shortly before noon yes
terday he broke into the San Fran<
Business College on Mark.-t street and
stole a number of books and writing ma
terial. The stolen property was found in
his possession.
Subsequently Detectives Silvey and By
ram arrested two pickpockets named Dan
Small and Dan Kiordan and locked them
up in the tanks. Th.y were caught
"working" the crowd in "front of the Pal
ace Hotel.
Two Eastern bunko men named John
Ashton and William Green were appre
hended by Detectives Egan and Tom Gib
son while "steering:" a bucolic stranger
to their room on Geary street, near Pow
ell. A complete layoi:t for robbing un
sophisticated strangers was found In*
their room.
Edward Lewis. James Lawler and
Charles Williams, who are said to be
Eastern pickpockets, were picked up by
Detectives Tom Gibson and Bgan while
"working" a crowd in the Chinese quar
ter.
B'NE B'RITHS IN SESSION.
T^e Van Ness Avenue Property
Will Not Be Improved This
Year.
The District Grand Lodge of the Inde
pendent Order of B'ne B'rith was not in
session during the morning and after
noon of yesterday, it having been de
cided at the previous meeting of the
grand body that the members of the ex.
ecutive committee and past presidents
should honor the Golden Jubilee by ap
pearing in the parade.
The grand body was in session last
evening and it was reported that the fol
lowing named had taken part In the
grand demonstration, riding in carriages:
M. Stein, grand president: Simon Iloch-
Btadter and Max Marcuse. grand trus
tees; Lucius L. Solomon, grand orator;
Jacob Greenebaum, E. I. Wolf, Joseph
Rothschild. William Saalburg, H. P.
Bush. A. Jonas and Felix Merzbach, past
presidents, and Louis Lipman, M. Koll
mann, Louis Cohen, Meir Lindheimer, Si
mon Meyerson. H. Marks and D. Buch»
ncr, representatives to the grand body.
The proposition to improve the property
of the order located on the corner of Van
Ness avenue and Fell street was laid over
for one year.
The grand body decided to continue the
B. i-!. library and to that end appropri
ated the sum of $1700.
In token of respect to the memories of
the late Jules Cerf, who was one of the
first grand presidents of the order, and of
Edward Bare, who was president of the
District Grand Lodge at the time of His
death a short time since, the grand body,
by a rising vote, adopted appropriate
resolutions presented by two separate
committees.
A great portion of the evening session
was taken up in the cosideration of the
report of the committee on amendment
of the general laws of the order in this
jurisdiction, a report that in no way af
fects the beneficiary provisions of the
order. The several sections were taken up.
but no action was taken. The matter will
be further considered this morning.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— R. T. Ashley,
Los Angeles, St. James; S. C. Farnham,
Oakland, Ebbltt House. J. O. Carter and
wife of Honolulu are at the Ebbltt House.
Mr. Carter comes to Washington to op
pose the treaty of annexation between
this country and Hawaii.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 24.-E. L. Pillsbury
of San Francisco Is at the Manhattan
Hotel, and A. Bachman of San Francisco
is at the Holland.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
It Is Probable That President McKmley Will
Visit California During the Coming
Summer.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24— Tt Is prob
able that President McKinley will visit
California during the coming summer.
It is his intention, public business al
lowing, to visit the Yellowstone, Wash
ington, Oregon and California.
The pension office to-day notified
Representative Barlow that a pension
would be granted Mrs. Edwardo Ed
wards of Pasadena, Cal., and that she
would receive back pay amounting to
$325.
Representative de Vries saw the At- I
torney-General relative to the pardon
of E. L. Whitfield of Calaveras County,
who was convicted for passing coun
terfeit money. The Attorney-General
said he would lay the case before the
President to-morrow. • De Vries thinks
the pardon will be granted.
Calif ornians have been . granted pen
sions as follows: Alfred C. Johnson
Cottonwood. $12. Increase— C
Gray, Nevada City, $8 to $12; Cornelius
Sullivan, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles,
$6 to $8. Original widow, etc.— Lucy
Chandler, North Ontario, $8: Norah M.
March, Oakland, $8; Annie Lamb, Oak
land, $8; s Nellie A. Osgood, Oakland, $8.
The Senate Committee on Education
to-day reported favorably Senator Per
kins' bill appropriating $100,000 for the
establishment of a home for aged and
infirm colored people.
Representative Barlow to-day intro
duced a bill pensioning Lucy M. Cleve
land of Los Angeles.
■ ♦ »
There are sixty different kinds of
wood grown, in Arkansas.
■ ♦ ■ .
. Before cooking your steak or, chop, dust
it with Omiah Meat Flavoring. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1898.
THE BRITISH SHIP GLENFINART.
Captain Longmulr of the Glenfinart Is one of the best-known masters that
come to San Francisco. He likes San F Francisco, but he does not like Oakland
Creek. His vessel has been tied up there for nearly a month, trying to get rid
of a cargo of coal and coke. The Glenfinart is chartered to take a load of wheat
to Europe, and the captain is more than anxious to get away, as he made a long
passage out, something unusual for his clipper.
A SAILOR'S
LUCKY FALL
Dropped From the Yard of
a Bark, but Received
No Injury.
The Willamette Arrived, Dis
charged and Sailed Again
Inside of a Day.
Steam Colliers and Coal Dealers Were
Kept Busy on Jhe Front
Yesterday.
There was a most remarkable escape
on the bark Harry Morse yesterday.
One of the sailors fell from the fore
yard to the deck and thence Into the
hold and yet escaped without injury.
The Morse was being got ready to go
to sea and the men were aloft bending
sails. Gordon Howard, one of the crew,
was on the foreyard and having more
liquor aboard than was good for him
he lost his hold and fell onto the for
ward hatch. The latter was only
partly covered and Gordon bounded
from it into the hold, bringing up on
the ballast at the bottom of the vessel.
He was brought on deck apparently
more dead than alive and hurried to
the Harbor Receiving Hospital. He
was laid out on the operating table,
but astounded Dr. Hill and everybody
else by jumping up and saying "Noth
ing the matter with me. Only drunk."
With that he walked out of the hos
pital and across the street to get an
other beer.
J. Falcon of the barkentine City of
Papeete was not so fortunate. He also
fell from aloft but received injuries to
his shoulder and back that will keep
him in bed for some time.
The only busy vessels on the water
front yesterday were the colliers, and
it was a jubilee for the dealers when
they were able to secure two loads of
the black diamonds In one day. At
Rosenfeld's bunkers, where the Burma
is discharging, at Dunsmuir's bunkers,
where the Bristol is discharging, and
at the Oregon Improvement Company's
bunkers, where the Willamette was
discharging, there was a continual
Stream of oo&l carts from morning
till night. The Progreso, at Main-street
wharf, was also kept busy, and the
chances are that the last of her coal
will be out to-night and then she will
start for Seattle to be turned into a
passenger ship for the Klondike trade.
The smartest piece of work done on
the front in many a day was the dis
charging of the collier Willamette.
She reached port last Sunday about
noon with 2300 tons of coal, and at 2
p. m. yesterday she was on her way
back to Seattle for another load. Just
before leaving hor dock one of the
waiters named Joseph F. Mellaney met
with a serious accident. He was carry
ins a tureen of soup aft to the cabin
when he slipped and fell into the scup
per. He was scalded by the soup and
when examined at the Harbor Receiv
ing Hospital it was found that his
ankle was sprained as well. Another
waiter was secured to take MellaiVey's
place and the Willamette went to sea.
Asthma nnd Bronchitis cure Guaranteed. Dr.
Gordlnn Sanitarium. M 4 Pin* nr. Koarny, S F.,Cal
ROBBED OF HIS MONEY.
Lulu Meyers Arrested on the
Charge of Grar)d Larceny.
Lulu Meyers, a woman well known in
the "tenderloin district." was arrested
yesterday morning by Policeman Whalen
on a charge of grand larceny. The com
plaining witness is James McMonlgle, a
visitor to the city, and he alleges that
while in n saloon on Stockton street the
woman robbed him of over $.°/K>. When
shi' WU KVCbcd at the Pity Prison $180
was found in her possession, which Mc
ftfonisie claimed was part of the money
stolen from him.
A Fatal hunting Trip.
John Croden, the man who was acci
dentally shot In the leg by his friend.
Richard Busflend, last Sunday while
hunting jackrabbits, died early yesterday
morning from hemorrhage from the
wound. The body was removed to the
Morgue and an inquest will be held.
Busficnd made a statement .to Coroner
Hawkins to the effect that he was walk
inK ahead of Croden and that he slipped
and dropped his gun. which was dis
charged on striking the ground, the
charge entering Croden's leg.
NAUGHTY GIRL
FROM PARIS
Lingerie and a Dutch
man Are the Sensa
tions of the Piece.
Harry Hermsen's Innkeeper
Practically Saves the
Production.
T,he Human Lizard Wriggles ci Good
Turn at the Orpheum — The
Other Theater*.
A funny and different Dutchman
and a wholesale exposure of ladies' un
derwear were the conspicuous sensa
tions of "The Girl From Paris" at the
Baldwin last night. The piece Itself is
a musical vaudeville farce in two acts,
the first of which Is elaborately dull,
the second fairly funny.
The plot deals in an English husband,
who becomes entangled in the graces of
a giddy girl from Paree; she takes his
ardent promises h* the courts and is \
granted a verdict of £10,000 worth of;
consolation, whereupon he files home ;
and damages, disguises himself as a j
kilted Scot, takes" up his abode at an
Inn in Schoppenburgen and has it
given out in the newspapers that he is i
dead. To the inn come his wife, his
friend, the French girl and everybody
else. The friend and the wife bficome '
dangerously affectionate, and he, in a !
rage, gives away his Identity and an- i
swers the reproaches of his wife with a
few gentle remarks of his own.
The music is auxiliary, the situations
number precisely one, the plot itself,
as I have suggested, does not matter
much. Personal ginger of the com
pany and fleet stage management are j
responsible for all the fun that passes I
the footlights. The first act is so ar
ranged that nothing happens in it. It
might be less tame with a more spirit
ed young woman in the title part than
Miss Mamie Gllroy; but in last night's
performance it was merely a postpone- i
mont of the fun in the second act; far
that fun, being mainly of a vaudeville |
nature, hardly needed an hour or more
of "preparation." However, not even
to point the dullness of the first act
will I say that the second was wholly
galvanic. Harry Hermsen's German
innkeeper could not be the center of
the scene all of the time, and there is J
a limit to the excitement to be got
from the raw point-blank flour
ish of feminine under garments —
and I think this limit was about
reached in the first act. The second
act was valuable so long as Mr. Herm
sen was the dominant figure of it. He
has made a study of a Dutchman that
is copiously unlike anything we have
seen here before; may be it is an imi
tation of Louis Mann (who created the
part) and may be it Is Mr. Hermsen's
own — I cannot say. There is no sane
reason, though, why there should not be
a little versatility in the Dutch comedy
business, and no one will withhold
praise from Mr. Hermsen merely be
cause h*> Is so unfortunate as to have
had a talented predecessor. His part
and his playing of It saved the show
last night.
The house was crowded to the walls
with good people ready to have a good
holiday time, and more than the usual
first night reserve was expressed in
that bodeful silence which greeted the
close of the first act. Mr. Hermsen
does not appear until the second. He
is the keeper of an inn and the in
vent or of a mineral spring. Evidently
he has diagnosed the smell and sub
stance of mineral waters. He manu
factures his by mixing salt, old horse
shoes and a delinquent egg in a tank
of last year's water. Out of and
around this tank is the potency of the
the play.
The cast is a long one, and Includes
many women, most of whom, from the
leading lady to the lowly slavey, make
a wild and obvious exhibition of that
bifurcated garment, which, if shown on
the stage at all. should be shown coyly
and without effort. Miss Carrie Behr
is the slavey, a somewhat dull one, I
thought, until she sang "Mary Jones'
Top Note" with a good touch of com
icality; but even then it had not real
character. Miss Oilroy seems to be
badly out of it in the prominence of her
part. She lacks enterprise and insin
Pozzont's Complexion
Powder produces a soft and beautiful skin*,
it combines every element of beauty and
purity.
uation, and her singing is anemic.
Of the men, Edgar Halsted was mod
erately successful as the erring hus
band; J. C. Marlow did a pouty mili
tary figure with good spirit; Philip
Tomes played a young barrister with
affable conviction, and Charles Drake
was excellently legitimate as the friend
of the principal culprit. The staging
and tailoring were especially attract
ive, and Mile. Fleurette executed a
most enga%ing double back-action kick.
ASHTON STEVENS.
Orpheum.
Of the newcomers at the Orpheum a
human lizard and an almost human
Dutch dialectician are the hits. Car
letta, the lizard, does a twisting, wrig
gling act that is boneless and extraordi
nary, and Al Wilson, the Dutchman, has
a large fund of old and new jokes and
songs, which he unloads with enthusi
astic effect on the audience. By omit
ting several of his indelicate allusions—
notably the one to his feet— his engage
ment should do the Orpheum good rather
than harm.
Dolline Cole Is a "lady barytone," who
takes fairly well with the crowd; Crim
mins and Gore, the "what-are-the-wild
waves-saying" persons, have be*n here
before. Their act is ancient and uncom
ical. Really, the best of the bill is to be
found in the hold-over turns. The little
De Haven boy is a wonder and Rice and
Elmer's horizontal bar fun is good
enough for any one.
Alcazar.
Benjamin Webster's good old curtain
raiser, "One Touch of Nature," and Grun
dy's farce, "fThe Arabian Nights." make
an Interesting double bill at the Alcazar.
In the Grumly adaptation Mr. Hunting
ton plays Hummingtop with a farce
comedy youthfulness that gives a some
what new idea of the part; Mrs. Bates
sets it off with a good old-school mother
in-law, and MissKingsley makes a bound
ing "India-rubber girl."
Judging from the plays Mr. Belasco se
cured during his recent visit in New
York, the little Alcazar will bid high for
attention this winter. The list includes:
"Charlie's Aunt," "The Gay Parisians."
"Thoroughbred" (the piece in which
Dixey made a big success), two Nat
Good'win pieces ("The Gilded Fool" and
"Ambition"), "Victor Durant"; Bob Hil
liard's farce, "The Mummy"; Roland
Reed's success, "The Politician"; "Fern
cliff." a melodrama; "Undid Dudly," a
farce; "Lord Chumley." "The Social
Highwayman," "The District Attorney."
and others. It Is also rumored on the
rialto that the Alcazar Is about to band a
No. 2 company for road purposes.
Moroseo's.
"Brother for Brother," a stirring Eng
lish melodrama, pleased an immense
crowd at Morosco's last night-
California.
Marie Dressier and the other clever
people in "Courted Into Court" played to
a packed house at the California.
Chutes
Chiqulta, the "microscopic marvel," Is
breaking the record at the Chutes.
Tivoli.
"Brian Boru" had a big audience at the
Tivoli last night. It will give way to "The
Pearl of Peking" next week.
A FATHER HAS A
SON ARRESTED
The Boy Broke Into His Home
During His Parents'
Absence.
Frank A. Fademan brought hJs 18-year
old stepson, Jamca Ba^cmaa, to the Cali
fornia-street Station and had him locked
up on a charge of burglary.
While the boy's mother and father
wore away from their home at 3675 Nine
teenth street yesterday young Sademan,
who had not been living at his home,
broke the back door of the house open,
with a hatchet and stole $36.
On his return home the stepfather sus
pected who the robber was and found the
toy at the Eureka Dance Hall, from
where he took him to the station. Young
Sademan h;ui no money in his possession,
but acknowledged that he had broken
into the house and robbed his parents.
The elder Mr. Sademan says that the
boy has caused him considerable trouble
and is continually getting into some
scrape from which he has to be helped.
The mother feels that she has done all
sho could to reform her recreant son and
h;is consented to his prosecution by her
husband.
Sademan, who had his son arrested,
was at one time a janitor of Emmanuel
Baptist Church and an important wit
ness In the Durrant i
DEFENDED HIS SON.
Andrew Fostor, 420 McAllister street,
paw a strange man whipping his boy yes
terday afternoon and went to his son's
assistance. He and the ■tranger had some
words over the whipping and a fight was
imminent, when the stranger pulled out
a knife and stabbed Foster on the head
and neck. He then disappeared among
the crowd on Van Xess avenue.
Foster went to the Receiving Hospital
and his wounds were dressed by Dr. Ed
wards. They were not serious. Foster
will swear out a warrant to-day for the
knife-wielder's arrest.
TEN MILLION POUNDS
OF SMOKELESS POWDER
ORDERED BY LONG.
The Secretary of the Navy Calls Upon the
Duponts for a Big Supply of
Needed War Material.
WILMINGTOX, Jan. 24.— 1t became
known here this afternoon that the
famous powder firm of Duponts, whose
works are located near this city, to-day
received an order Secretary of
the Navy Long calling for 10.000.000
pounds of smokeless powder. The Du
ponts have for more than a year been
supplying the Government with pow
der, but to-day's order is the biggest
ever sent to it. The powder mills have
been very busy recently, and in view
of to-day's order an extra force was
put to work to-night.
The greatest secrecy is maintained by
the officers of the powder company con
cerning the order, and they decline to
discuss it. With the improved and en
larged facilities of the big Dupont mills
the order, though immense, can be
filled in a very few weeks. The news
of the receipt of the order by the Du
ponts caused a big flurry in local finan
cial circles in view of the departure of
the battle-ship Maine for Cuba.
NEW TO-DAY.
t I
DR. SWE ANY.
. If you are suffering from the results of
indiscretions. of youth, or from excesses
of any kind in maturer years; or if you
have Shrunken Organs, Lame Back, Vari-
cocele. Rupture, exhaustive drains, etc.,
you should waste no time, but consult this
Great Specialist; he speedily and perma-
nently cures all diseases of Men and Wo-
men. Call on or write him to-day. . He
can cure you. Valuable Book sent Free.
Address
f. ij. svteany, :m.d.
737 Market Street, San Francisco, Cat.
-^ „ ~_ NEW TO-DAY. _ .
bj^^-J^^^J The Pets Of Every Klondike Camp.
GOOD TIMES HAVE COME.
You can afford to indulge yourself or your
family in the luxury of a good weekly news- j
paper and a quarterly magazine of fiction, j
You can get both of these publications with !
almost a library of good novels for $5 per year.
world-famed for its brightness and the most ,
complete General Weekly— covering a wider \
range of subjects suited to the tastes of men |
and women of culture and refinement than any I
1 journal — published. Subscription price,
: $4 per annum.
TALES FROM TOWN TOPICS, a a 6-page
) Quarterly Magazine of fiction, appearing the
i first day of March, June, September and De-
cember, and publishing original novels by the
best writers of the day and a mass of short
, stories, poems, burlesques, witticisms, etc
i Subscription price, $2 per annum.
i Club price for both, $5 per annum.
i'ou can have both of these if you subscribe
NOW and a bonus of 10 novels selected from
I the list below. Regular price for each, 60
; cents. All sent postpaid.
Remit $5 in New York exchange, express or
postal money order, or by registered letter,
together with a list of the 10 novels selected,
by numbers, to
TOW.V TOPICS,
208 Fifth Avenue, .Yen York.
•—THE SALE OF A SOUL. By C. M. S. MeLeKan.
THE COUSIN OF THE KING. By A. S. VanWestrum.
•—SIX MONTHS IN HADES. By Clarice I. CHngham.
9— THE SKIRTS OF CHANCE. By Captain Allied
Thompson.
, to-ANTHONY KENT. By Charles Stokes Wayne.
Li— AN ECLIPSE OF VIRTUE. By Champion Bissell.
11— AN UNSPEAKABLE SIREN. By John Gilllat.
xj-THAT DREADFUL WOMAN. By Harold R. Vynne.
14— A DEAL IN DENVER. By Gilmer McKendree.
15— WHY« SAYS GLADYS. By David Christie Murray.
if— A VERY REMARKABLE GIRL. By L. H. Bickford.
17-A MARRIAGE FOR HATE. By Harold R. Vynne.
18-OUT OF THE SULPHUR. By T. C. De Leon.
»9— THE WRONG MAN. By Champion Bissell.
so— THE HUNT FOR HAPPINESS. By Anita Vlvmti
Chimes.
•i-iIER STRANGE EXPERIMENT. By Harold R. Vynne.
11— ON THE ALTAR OF PASSION. By John Gilliat.
«»-*. MARTYR TO LOVE. By Joanna E. Wood.
W&m DR. HALL'S REIN VIGOR
|JW I ™&J5. Five hundred reward for any cajo
Stfl ■X.vc cannot cure. This secret remedy
-; « stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
5E"g BS9 Emissions. Imputency, Varicocele,
'*« Sonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits, Strictures.
iliJ IMkJI- Manhood and all wasting ef-
MJfW ■■■ fectsot self-abuse or excesses. Sent
■Mae9NJ sealed $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guar
i anteedtocure. Address HALLS "MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway, Oakland, CaL Also
i for gale at 1073% Market st., S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
I —
f% n A Vf or FADED HAIR RKSTORED to
■mr£ £a a »nnthful eoioraml he iutv l.y DR.
■ HAY-- hair HKAMU Re-
moves dandruff and scalp disease. Don'r stain
»kin. <orer» BALD spits. Absolutely harmless.
Lirgo bottles 50 cents, at druggists. i:et-nl agents.
Fo-VEKUIiNTAGE i-HARM \<;Y, f»53 Unrket st
Whole^ale-MACK * CO.: T.ANiiI.KY & V.X F
IELS: COFKlfc. KEDINGTON & CO.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
% PACIFIC COAST
I JOCKEY CLUB
(INGLESIDE TRACK).
+ Six Running Races Daily, Rain op Shine.
J . . PROGRAMME FOR JUBILEE WEEK . .
+ TDEBDAT— Special for Three-Year-Olds, 6 Furlongs ; Two- Year-Old Race.
# WEDNESDAY-LADIEB' DAY : ADMISSION FREE TO LADIES-
■ . Special Race, 1 Kile; Steeplechase Over the Short Coarse.
THURSDAY— Three Races of a Mile or Over, Including a Mile and a Quarter Handicap.
FRlDAY— Special. 1 Mile and Race for Two- Year-Olds.
SATURDAY— Lakeside Stakes, mile and a half ; Special for Three-
Year-Olds, 1 Mile, and Mile and a Half Hurdle Raoe.
... FIRST RACE AT 3 P. M. . . .
Southern Pacific Railroad Trains »t 12:45 and 1:15 P.M. leave Third-SVeet Station, stopping ■
Valencia street. Returning immediately after the last race.
Electric Car Lines Kearny and Mission Street Cars every three mirvjtes, direct to track without Changs.
All cross-town lines connect. The track is reached by all routes in from 30 to 40 minutes.
F. H. 6REEN, Secretary. S, N. ANDROUS, President.
■ ■ ■ *
tinojuiOLß fiomoß a cs«»»u» »«««»•••
f\ HIT !
Edw. E. Rice's Superb Spectacle,
the GIRL FROM PARIS
"IT IS TO LAUGH."
A magnificent presenting company of fifty.
Beautiful Chorus. Elegant Costumes.
Every Evening, Including Sunday.
fRIEOLANDEB OOTTloßaC°u»Mi*anw~U»
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
"Please Marry Me— lt Won't Take Long "
Rich & Harris" Splendid Company. Headed by
Marie Dressier and John C. Rice, in
John J. McNally's Latest.
COURTED INTO COURT.
Coming— Patti's Troubadours.
GRAND JUBILEE BILL.
AL WILSON. German comedian: CRIM-
MINS & GORE, comedy duo: CARLETTA. ar-
tist elastic; DOLLINE COLE, America's bary-
tone- THE BIOGRAPH, new life scenes: CAR-
TER DE HAVEN, boy comedian; RICE &
ELMER horizontal bar artists: PROFESSOR
GALLANDO. lightning clay modeler.
Last Week of the Knabsn Kapelle— New Selections
• Reserved seats. 2r-c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box seats, EOc. . •
ALCAZAR *£?£r
THIS \A7I2EK. ONLY!
The "All-Laughing Farce,
"ARABIAN NIGHTS!"
. "It Will Make You Snicker."
A Great Nerve Tonic.
Seats :.....-. :.....lsc. 25c. 35c, 50c
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next VICTOR DURAND.
fiT YMPT& Corner of Ms son and
ULl[mnA Eddy Streets.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
KIRCHNER'S LADIES' ORCHESTRA!
And a Great Olio of Artists. ADMISSION
FHEE. House Thoroughly Heated,
AUCTION g
REAL ESTATE, 
Probate, Partition, Foreclosure and
Commissioners Sale,
MONDAY, JANUARY 3 1st, 1898.
At 12 o'clock M.
At Salesroom, 14 Montgomery Street,
the Following Properties:
PARTITION SAJ E.
Southeast corner of Pro mm and Commercial streets l
old improvements; rents $124 50, 3(Jx75witb an L 25i29:9.
PARTITION SALE.
South line of Mission stre'et,7s feet westerly from Firs*
■treat; improvements used for manufacturing purpose*;
portion of lot unimproved; aize, 90:3x!>0.
PARTITION SALE. .
906 Isndero street, between Golden Gate avenue and
McAllister street; elegant new modem residence of 13
rooms and bath, including billiard room, laundry, etc ;
PARTITION SALE.
Market and 15th streets; fine business lot; southeast
corner of Market «nd 15th streets; SOxIOO.
COMMISSIONER'S SALE.
By order of P. F. Skelly, Commissioner of the estatt
of Mary A Rodfters. deceased; 3 lota, southwest come*
of Pierce and Filbert streets, as a whole or in subdivis-
ions; size*, 37:6x112:6 and 2 each 25 by 112:6.
TO CLO-K AN ESTATE.
Northwest corner of Third and Silver streets; improve.
ment3,«ubstantial brick building, stores and flats on 3rd
street, store and fiat on corner and three Hats on Silver
street; rents, $230 per month; 75x75.
THEO. L SCHKLL ESTATE.
2107 Webster street.between Sacramento and Clay
streets; 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents, $33 net
month; 25x90:6, to an alley.
THKO. L. SCHKLL ESTATE.
Ah a Whole or in Subdivision.
I— Northeast corner of Broadway and Octavia street:
residence of 9 roomsand bath; rent.SSO per nvnth;lnxloo
— Lot east side of Octavia street. 100 feet north of
Broadway; 23x112:6.
MICHAEL HART ESTATE.
40 Natoma street, between First and Second street!;
2-Btory and basement of 14 rooms: 34x73; lent, $30.
MARGARET TOOMKY ESTATE.
1121 Treat aienue, between 2Sth and 25th streets; «>*•
tage of i rooms; 25x112.6.
MUST BE SOLD.
3450 Mission street, wpsr-side, 40 feet north of Brook
street, fronting on Mission street and old San Jose roads
cottage of < room?; mortgage, £4000, Uibernia Bank, caa
remain; large lot, 60x173, irregular.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE
Fine Mission building lot; west line of No» street; 51
feet south of Henry; street bltuminized; 25x96.
GOOD INVfSTME>TON LIKE OP
BKODERICK STREET.
Between Sacramento and Clay streets; old home of 5
rooms and out-buildings; lot 55:4 10 feet; street ac-
cepted; stone sidewalk laid; convenient to several lines
of cars; magnificent location for flats,
INSIDE CORNER.
Northeast corner of Pacific and Jones streets ; donbls
cottage of 6 and 5 rooms and hath each; rent, J36- 45xG0*
good corner for bakery or confectioner. "
Further particulars, catalogue, eto , cheerfully riven
at our office.
Q. H. UMJB3EN *CO Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery Street.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mils. Kkxestixe Ktiklixg. Proprietor & Manager
EVERY EVENING. ~~~" THE ' TRIUMPH.
, . The Musical Event of the Season,
OUR JUBILEE PRODUCTION.
The Romantic Comic Opera.
"BRIAN BORU."
GREAT CAST.
Special Scenery. Correct Costumes, Appropri-
ate Accessories, Enlarged Chorus, Aug-
" mented Orchestra.
"The Harp That Once Through Tara' a Halls."
NEXT WEEK— The Merry Fantasle,
"THE PEARL OF PEKIN."
Song — Dance— Humor.
Popular prices.... 25c and 500
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter M0r05c0. ...... -Sole Lessee and Manager
Grand and Elaborate Production of Frank,
Harvey's Sensational Melodrama,
*' BROTHER FOR BROTHER."
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE TO-DAY.
Sensational Fire Scene.' Iron Foundry in Full
Operation.
New Scenery. Comedy, Pathos, a Thrilling Plot.
A Great Play by a Great Author. ,
Evening Prices, 10c, 25c, 50c. Matinees Sat-
urday and Sunday.
CHI QUIT A
THE " CONDENSED CUBAN PATRIOT,"
As Called by The Call,
Is the Smallest Woman on Earth!
She Receives EVERY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING at the CHUTES. Rain or Shine.
10c to all. including Vaudeville; Children, Be.
_____ _ _ . ______
BUSH-STREET THEATER.
The Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Company,
WEDNESDAY EVE. January 26, "EZRA. THE
WANDERING JEW." Saturday and Sunday
Nights, January 29 and 30, "FALL OF
JERUSALEM." Box office open dally from 10
a. m. to 5:30 p. m.
THE LYBECK CYCLE SKATING RINK.
Howard st., between Third and Fourth.
Moving Pictures and Optical- Illusions.
ORCHESTRA MUSIC. :
Open daily from 9:30 a. m. to 12 m. : 2 to 4:80
p itk.' 7 to 10 p. m. General Admission. 10c; .
Gents' Skates. If.c- Ladles' Sfcates. Free.
STRONG &CO.^?V
E t)
1 VSS/330 MARKET ST. Sf>BS^' "
78
MORAL IMBECILES ARE
THIS MAN AND WOMAN
WEEPS IS
HE TELLS OF
HIS CRIME
George Clark Says It
Could Not Have
Been Avoided.
Impelled by an Irresistible
Impulse to Slay His
Brother.
Believes That He Will Be Free
and Share the Home of
the Widow.
IS AN UNUSUAL CRIMINAL.
Weak-Minded and Stupid, Ho Doe 6
Not Realize the Enormity of
His Act.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, Jan. 24.— 0f all the mild. In
offensive, meek individuals this George
Clark, -who murdered his brother, is
the best example— a stout-shouldered
man, not very tall, with his great awk
ward hands twitching in his pockets or
tutrping at his black mustache, his tired
and worried weak face turned question
ingly first upon one and then the other;
his dark eyes full of trouble, his man
ner hesitating, uncertain, miserable;
his voice gentle with a stupid timidity
that is like utterance of an unready
child, and he speaks with a lisp. Clark
is an ignorant man and a very weak
one; he is not a lout like Flannelly. He
has a sort of friendliness that forbids
surliness, and his helplessness, his in
decision, his hesitating contradictions
make one actually pity this wretch and
wonder where he got the strength to
make so momentous a decision as that
involved in killing a man — and how he
kept his courage at the sticking point
when he got it ther%
Since making confession of all his
crimes. Clark has vacillated. He told
the jailer that he was perfectly happy. |
that the jailer should be happy and all
the world should share in his happi
ness. He felt, he declared, at peace with
God. Then, too, he made the astonish
ing statement that when he was freed
he intended to lead a better life. It's
enough almost to make one believe tho
insanity plea -which it is said will be
advanced in Clark's case to hear a
man speak as though there were hope
of anything but the gallows for one
who had made so complete a confes
sion.
But Clark is an unusual criminal — a
very stupid one, and a very bungling
one, too. There is not a particle of
self-consciousness about him, none of
that glorying in notoriety, which is the
ordinary effect of sudden prominence,
favorable or unfavorable. He la the
simplest fellow in the world, ready to
speak, and, strangest of all, his words
impress one with their sincerity. When
I went into the jail to see him Clark
was circumnavigating the inclosure
that lights the kitchen below. He was
not in his cell, but kept up a dismal
parade, his hands in his pockets, his
wrinkled forehead bent and his eyes on
the floor; just an ignorant, untrained
laborer, too utterly lacking in the rudi
ments of civilization to be a clerk, too
weak-minded, too dull to be a me
chanic. I thmight of Mrs. Clark's allu
sion to his temper — his rages, she called
it, when she spoke to me, and I won
dered that this dejected, slight man
had charactf-r enough to rage.
Doppite the several sieves of later
viewing through which Clark passed,
he treated me courteously, and pave
me the one chair within the inclosuro,
while he perched upon the iron railing.
"If I get out of here, if I ever fjet
frfo," he said, "I'll go to work for Mrs.
Clark and the children. I was always
a friend of the children, and they liked
me, too. I always bought things for
them — clothes and food, too."
This was said In a gentle, patient
voice. The murderer was not brag-
King; he was not complaining.
"If you see her, tell her I ain't got no
ill-will against her, no ill-feeling."
"She doesn't feel that way toward
you," I said, remembering the tone of
Mrs. Clark's voice when she said:
"He wants to see me and the children,
but he shan't. Leastwise the chil
dren." she had added, in a ruminating
afterthought.
The deep lines In Clark's forehead
deepened.
"Well," he said, "I feel kind toward
them, and if I could see her I could tell
her things that would make her "
His sentence drifted into the blind
alleys of speech, which are the here
afters of sentences uttered by those
who are unaccustomed to express the
foggy thoughts that are not mentally
clothed in words.
"Are they all well?" he asked, after
thinking a moment. "The children, are
they well?"
One would have imagined a worried,
busy father, the pattern of domestic
ity, in place of this lawless creature,
whose crimes forbid even pitying
thought.
In speaking to the jailer this morn
ing Clark mentioned the shooting of
his brother.
"I stood like this," he said, showing
the pistol held in front of him, "and
then when he said, 'It's early, George,'
■ r something like that, I shot."
And then this gentle murderer wiped
the tears from his eyes as he described
his brother's falling backward upon
the kitchen floor.
"You repent it all, now?" I asked
him. One naturally asks this man the
elemental questions one would pro
pound to a child. His is so crude, so
rudimentary an intelligence.
ACCUSES MRS. CLARK OF CRIME,
O O
O NAPA, Jan. 24. — George W. Clark, the murderer, made an addl- O
© tional confession of an additional crime to-night, Implicating Mrs. O
O William Clark. O
O "My eister-in-law and myself burned the residence of my cousin, O
O E. J. Barnett. at Pope Valley a few years ago. I may as well tell this O
O bo long as I have gone as far as I have. You may say in The Call that O
O my brother and family and myself were living in Barnett's house, and O
O I was working for Barnett on his ranch. My sister-in-law cooked for O
O us all, and my brother worked in the Aetna quicksilver mines, a mile O
O and a half away. We burned the house in the afternoon to compel my O
O brother to remove to St. Helena. We wanted him to resign his Job O
O and move there, but he said he would not do it, so I induced my sle- O
O ter-in-law to Join with me in this scheme. The children were away at O
O school and my brother was at work. We quietly moved half of the O
O furniture out of the house to make it look as though we had tried to O
O save something. Then I applied the match and we watched the O
O flames consume all. That had the desired effect on my brother, and O
O caused the wished-for removal. It also compelled him to buy some O
O furniture after going to St. Helena." O
O This startling statement is no doubt true. The house was burned O
O about the time he states. O
O Clark, the murderer, is a moral monster. He now has two attor- O
O neys, ex-Railroad Commissioner Beerstecher having associated him- O
O self with Hogan in the case. The attorneys have closed Clark's lips, O
O and this evening he would say nothing. O
O O
OOOOOOQOOOOdQOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOG
"Oh, yes," he said miserably. "I re
gTet it now, but it seems when I look
back now as if I had to Just go right
on; as if I couldn't stop till it was
done; as if I really wasn't in my right
mind when I done it."
I wonder how a Jury will regard
such a palliation of two attempts at
poisoning and the most deliberately
planned, if the most clumsily perpe
trated, murder.
Then this oddest of criminals spent
some time talking to me of the moving
of the Clark family. He was keenly
interested in knowing Just what kind
of house this family of his by adoption
had taken. In alluding to them he
would use their names, taking for
granted, as a child or an ignorant per
son does, that his auditor knew them
as he did.
"After the attempt at poisoning
your brother," I asked George Clark,
"had you any conversation with Mrs.
Clark about it?"
"She told me," he said, slowly; 'she
said to me, 'George. I don't believe It
was you. I don't believe you did it.' "
It's absurd, but I hadn't the heart to
tell this man what Mrs. Clark had told
me. How much she regretted not hav
ing had him arrested.
"If you had it to do over again would
you make a confession?"
"If I had it to do over again" — Clark
repeats a question as a child does at
school when he tries to gain time in
repeating a difficult lesson — "No, I
wouldn't. I was so bothered, so — so —
there had been so many people here — I
was so excited."
You see the man's mind is feeble. It
doesn't take much to bewilder him.
Sane? Oh, yes, he is sane, l think— fully
competent to tell right from wrong, but
woefully lacking in gray matter, in
stability, in good judgment.
"But I thought," I said, "your con
fesston was made as a religious duty."
"That's just it," interrupted Henry
Hogan, significantly, to admit whom
the iron-latticed bar swung open.
"This man was worked upon, his reli
gious feelings were brought into play;
he was harried and bothered. No won
der he confessed."
Mr. Hogan will probably be Clark's
attorney, 1 and Mr. Hogan's speech is as
crisp and decisive as his client's is
wavering and irresolute.
"A man told me," said Clark, gain
ing confidence from the presence of his
attorney* "A reporter told me that if I
didn't confess I'd be hanged within
sixty days. Then I confessed."
"But how could confession 'benefit
you?"
Clark stood against the wall, one
hand tugging at his mustache and the
other plunged into his pocket. He was
really trying to think, and for this poor
wretch to try to think is indeed a task.
"Wait," he said, hesitatingly. "I can't
just remember his words. He said — he
said"—
"Never mind," I said. The matter
was not of Importance enough for one
to make so mighty an effort out of it.
"And Clark tells me," said Hogan,
"that he sent for me days ago. Why
PROBABLE LOSS OF
MANY LIVES IN A
FIRE AT SPOKANE
Fears That Fifty or More Per=
sons Have Perished in
the Burning Great
Eastern Block.
O SPOKANE, Jan. 24.— At midnight fire Is destroying the Great O
O Eastern Block on .Riverside avenue. The stairway is burned away O
O and the people in the building are at the windows crying for help. It O
O is feared the loss of life will be great. The building is a six-story O
O brick, and the upper floors are used for light housekeeping. O
O It is now feared that fifty or more persons have perished in the O
O awful furnace.. The upper floors were occupied by seventy-five or 100 O
O roomers, and it is not thought that more than twenty-five have been O
O saved. O
O Mrs. Davies of Nebraska City leaped from a window to the stone O
O pavement and was taken to the hospital. Her daughter and son-in-law O
O were saved. Mrs. Davies will die. O
O Great crowds in the streets are frantic with excitement. Several O
O thrilling rescues were effected. One man came down a rope with his O
O babe on his arm, and his wife followed. O
O The building is owned by Louis Levinsky of San Francisco. It O
O cost $225,000 and is insured for $50,000. The first floor and basement O
© were occupied by John W. Graham. O
O The flames are beyond the control of the firemen, and will extend O
O to adjoining buildings. O
O W. D. Lloyd was sitting in his room on the fifth floor reading O
O when the alarm was given. "Everyone who was in bed at that time O
O on that floor," he said, "perished." ©
O He had a narrow escape. Wrapping his overcoat around his head O
O he came down the stairway. As he ran down the stairs he ran into two O
O men. He saw five persons on that floor, who he is convinced per- O
O ifihed. He heard persons falling all around him, suffocated by the Q
O dense smoke. Alice Wilson, aged 18, is known to have perished. Her O
O sister Maude was saved. O
O O
0000000000000000000000000000000000
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1898.
wasn't I told of it? Why was he kept
in jail here and given over to the tor
ment of reporters?" Mr. Hogan has
an unflattering opinion of reporters.
. "And not allowed to have a lawyer."
"Yes." said Clark's mild voice, "I
sent f. ir Mr. Hogan, but he says he
didn't know of It."
"Whom did you tell?" asked Mr.
Hogan.
"That man." Clark pointed to Jailer
Kennedy. "Wall Kennedy tried to
pponk, but it was the Sheriff's voice
that held the floor.
"Clark," said the Sheriff, "don't you
remember saying to me that you didn't
want any lawyer till you had seen
your friends?"
Clark made a feeble, deprecating
gesture.
"Didn't you tell me that?" asked the
Sheriff, "and didn't I say that I would
send for any one you wanted?"
"Yes," admitted Clark, slowly, "you
said that."
He is weak — contemptibly weak— this
fratricide. Any strong will can over
ride his. And Mrs. Clark, phlegmatic,
emotionless, must speak more and
more convincingly if she would have
the world believe that this degenerate,
this weakling, this man nearly a dozen
years younger than she, was the one
serpent that corrupted the home of
William Clark. There were two ser
pents there. More is the pity for Wil
liam Clark, himself lacking in stamina,
but stolid, patient, trusting in the fu
ture and bearing the unbearable that
their mother's disgrace should not be
visited upon her children.
George Clark will be taken to St.
Helena for arraignment on Thursday
unless his lawyer objects, which, judg
ing from what he said this afternoon,
he is very likely to do. The preliminary
examination will follow immediately.
Mr. Hogan says with confidence that
the court will refuse to accept Clark's
confession as evidence; but Mr. Hogan
needs all his confidence — he has a hard
road ahead of him.
And, the greatest paradox of all in
{ this paradoxical case is that the most
| insurmountable of barriers to Mr.
j Hogan's bringing this Clark case to a
successful issue will not be the en
ormity of his client's crime, nor even
| the fact of his confession. It is Clark
I who stands between himself and lib
erty — unsophisticated, stupid, easily in
fluenced, murderous George Clark,
without enough brains to balance the
1 cocoanut — just enough to keep him
i within the lines of what we have
| agreed to call sanity, but with not. a
thimbleful to spare.
MIRIAM MICHELSON.
MONEY FROM THE UNION
PACIFIC SALE TO BE CALLED IN.
NEW YORK, Jan. 24 —Acting on the
suggestion of prominent bankers of this
country, the Secretary of the Treasury
has decided to call into the treasury the
money now on deposit in city banks
which was received from the sale of the
Union Pacific Railroad. The amount In
volved is about $31,000,000. The money is
t<> l>e drawn In Installments of 10 per cent
weekly. The first payment will be made
Wednesday.
THE WIDOW
IS BLIND TO
HER SHAME
Talks Unfeelingly of
Her Misdoings of
the Past.
Her Children Allowed to
Read Accounts of Her
. Duplicity.
Half-Hearted Declaration That
She Wants the Murderer
Punished.
NO LONGER LOVES HIM.
Says She Told Him She Would Be
tray Him if Ho Killed Her
Husband.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, Jan. 24.— 1f you had seen Mr?.
Clark In the streets of St. Helena a
week ago, the last thought in the world
to occur to you in connection with this
middle-aged woman would be that for
her one brother would kill another.
And yet George Clark had already
tried twice to poison his brother, and
was planning the third attack— the suc
cessful one.
"But, do you know what?" said Mrs.
Clark to-day. "He didn't kill my hus
band thinking he'd get me. for he knew
ho wouldn't. I'd told him. an' ho knows
better than to say anything different.
I'd told him that I wouldn't have him."
Mrs. Clark speaks now in that re
signed falsetto that women in trouble
adopt. Occasionally her voice grows
firm, and she seems really in earnest
when she gives vent to her condemna
tion of the man whose crime is the one
topic of conversation all through the
valley.
" 'George,' I says to him, when he'd
ask me if rd have him if something
was to happen to my husband, 'don't
you think of murder. I'd hunt you
down all over the world to have you
punished,' an' so I would, an* he
knows it."
"Then, you'd have him hanged if you
could?"
"Why, course I would." Mrs. Clark
said, the complaining voice becoming
suddenly strong.
I really believe she would. The art
ists who have sketched this woman
have borne in mind too strongly the
vileness of her life. Not that she is at
all prepossessing. Far from it. She
looks merely like an ignorant, weak,
slatternly woman; but I fail to find in
her big fare, with its prominent cheek
bones, evidences of moral monstrosity
one would expect to. find there. Mrs.
Clark is above the average woman's
height. She is strong and stout. Her
hair is sandy and scant; her eyes are
small and blue — that dull, dingy color
which is bin.? with the life left out.
They are nnt eyes one can imagine
smiling or weeping. They are merely
organs through which the animal peers
out into the world. Her florid face
has been exposed to wind and weather.
She has a weak, cleft chin and rather
a straight nose. Her neck is full and
fat. Not a Helen, surely: merely an
instance of the merciful provision
which does not record all one's sins on
one's face.
The Clnrks are moving to-day. They
are quitting their cheap little home
where that horrible double menage
andured, and intend to live two blocks
farther up Pine street. It is to be hoped
that this change of residence is dve # to
a remnant of sensitiveness in placid
Mrs. Clark; but it is to be doubted.
No woman is attractive when she is
moving. I saw Mrs. Clark at her un
loveliest. She was tacking down mat
ting in the new house, while in thf old.
dismantled place, gathered about a
knot of wood, which was blazing in the
grate, were the younger children.
Rooking a great baby, her niece, to
sleep was a ftaxen-haired girl of about
12, a gentle little thing, who cuddled
the baby most maternally, while she
sang a lullaby in a high, girlish so
prano. One of the most unaccountable
things about this most unaccountable,
vile story is that there should be Sing
ing In the Clark house to-day.
Mrs. Clark would prefer not to speak
further of the shameful tale, so she
says. She tells you that she is worn
out; that she hasn't eaten anything
Plnce thf> murder. Yet Mrs. Clark's
self-pitying tone assures one that she
will not, does not suffer.
"The only thing that I regret," she
said, standing in the bare, unfurnished
room, "is that I didn't have him ar
rested after he'd tried that second time
to poison my husband. Then the whole
story'd ha' come out, but I'd ha' had
Will with me to take care of me and
the children."
Even this, you see, is a personal re
gret: a feeling that she had acted un
wisely for her own comfort.
"I told Will then that he was in dan
ger, an' I told George that the one "Will
suspicioned would be punished. J told
him that some had said it was me that
put the poison in his lunch can, and I
told him I wouldn't rest and have peo
ple suspicion me. "When Will heard it
— what people was saying about me —
he got mad, and said he was goin'
down street to knock down the first
man that'd dare to say it of me."
And yet from Mrs. Clark's admission
that her husband was aware of her
dishonor, one wouldn't imagine the
dead man to have been so chivalrous.
"The reason George Clark killed my
husband was 'cause Will had forbid
him the house, "cause he was Jealous
of my husband. He knew I'd never
have him. But people said he was in
fatuated with me."
O, Helen of St. Helena, unlovely,
thick-skinned grandmother Helen!
But she didn't say it with a smirk. It
was an unfortunate fact, her tone told
you, but it was a fact.
I held some newspapers in my hand
as we talked. Mrs. Clark hadn't seen
the account of the murderer's confes
sion. She asked if I would leave the
paper, and I handed it to her. One of
the brood of yellow-haired girls had
followed us into the room, whither I
had gone that this woman's children
might not hear their mother's disgrace
discussed.
"Give it to me, ma," said the girl,
stretching out a hand.
And ma, without a moment's hesita
tion, passed the story of her shame to
her daughter, who reads eagerly, while
a younger sister reads over her shoul
der.
Mrs. Clark is conscious of a sense of
guilt; or, at least, Bhe says she is.
"I was as black as — as sin," she says,
composedly. "But the Lord was mer
ciful to me. You know how wonder
fully cured I was? No. Well, all the
doctors said I had cancer of the
stomach, an' the Lord cured me by
faith. An' since then I've been a
changed woman. My husband knew
this. He says: 'I know you're trying
t.o live right.' And George says: 'Vine,
I wish you'd pray for me. I've got so
much confidence In your prayers.' An'
I says: 'George, I do pray for you,
every night an' morning.'
"He said to me once after the strych
nine poisoning: 'Now, Vine, If any
trouble comes of it you mustn't tell
about my love for you." An' I said:
'George Clark, do you think I could go
before God with a lie? I'll tell every
word of It.' "
"And how do you account for his
act?"
"Jus" back-slid," said Mrs. Clark,
composedly. "That's all."
And she, who was not "back-slid."
has an easy consciousness of sin, past
pin, forgiven sin. which isn't hard for
such natures to bear.
Oh, the whole story is unspeakably
vile. There is nothing, not one trace of
sweet humanity to redeem its squalid
bestiality. It is horrible to think of the
crowd of children of all ages and both
sexes, this mother, a moral imbecile,
has brought into the world. It is hor
rible to think of the dead man. a dis
honored coward. It is horrible to think
of the murderer. Even Mrs. Clark real
izes the extent of his degradation.
"I told him that the worst of men
wouldn't do what he threatened — ruin
me and then expose me."
And the climax of the revolting tale
is reached when each of these atro
cious sinners, with an insinuating fin
ger pointing at the other, tries to place
the blame of his own foul crime on the
other's shoulders.
MIRIAM MICHELSON.
BETRAYED BY
HER LETTERS
Why Charles G. Percival Is
Suing His Wife for a
Divorce.
The Accused Woman Prefers Simi
lar Charges and Also Seeks a
Legal Separation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Jan. 24.— Charles G. Percival,
official League of American Wheelmen
hamlicapper for New England and a well
known bicycle man, was the center of all
eyes at Judge Blodgett's divorce court
this morning. So was Mrs. Clover Per
cival, his wife, for it was the culmination
of their domestic troubles and each was
seeking a dissolution of the "tie that
binds."
p. relval asks for a decree on statu
tory grounds, naming A. Nelson of
Springfield and E. W. Sargent of Man
chester, X. H., as co-respondents. Both
the latter are well-known racing men.
Mrs. Percival files a counter libel, al
leging abusive treatment and marital un
faithfulness, but names no co-respondent.
The testimony was interesting. Percival
testified to receiving several anonymous
letters last October, all of which referred
to the conduct of his wife. He claimed
to have taken scraps of letters from an
ash barrel at the house which, when put
together and read, were very incriminat
ing-. Three letters, alleged to have come
from Nelson, all beginning "Dear Violet,"
were exhibited. Others were put in evi
dence as having been sent to Mrs. Per
cival by Sargent. Two others with the
same signature began "My Own Darling
Clover. A scrap of writing, which the
witness said was Mrs. Percival's. was
offered. It was: "I loved you then, I
love you yet."
On cross-examination Mr. Percival de
nial that he hnd been guilty of being un
faithful to his marriage vows at various
tinn-s and places.
Medical testimony was submitted by
Dr. C. S. Whitemore and a deposition of
T. E. Ahem was offered. The latter re
ferred to visits by the gentlemen named
in the libel to Mrs. Percival. Tho case
is still on trial.
CAPTAIN CARTER'S
COURT-MARTIAL
Famous Letter From Cooper
to Gillette Given in
Evidence.
Says the- Accused "Yielded to Tempta
tion of Contractors to Further
His Own Ambition.
Special Dispatch to "hie Call.
SAVANNAH, Ga.. Jan. 24.— Colonel
Barr, Judge Advocate, succeeded in
getting before the Carter court-mar
tial to-day the famous letter of Engi
neer A. S. Cooper to Captain C. E. Gil
lette, in which he stated that Captain
Carter was an extremely bright and
even brilliant officer and had done a
great deal of creditable work in this
district. Captain Carter, he said. Is
also a very ambitious man. and it was
his ambition, he feared, which had got
him into trouble.
"He has yielded to temptation." said
the latter, "and has probably al
lowed the contractors (or a particular
contractor) to do as he likes in ex
change for their influence and power to
boost him along."
"The only real wrong done, so far as
the Government is concerned," he said,
"is that the contractors have been paid
one-third or one-half more for the
work than they should have received.
The mischief is not serious, because
the work has been well done."
Mr. Cooper also credited himself with
much of the good results that had
been attained. His letter was an argu
ment to dissuade Captain Gillette from
having an investigation of the charges
made.
Inspector T. J. Keating testified as to
some technical points about the ma
terial and J. H. Grundel identified
some drawings of the jetties.
To-morrow J. W. O. Sterley, Captain
Carter's former chief clerk and also
chief clerk to Captain Gillette, will go
on the stand. He is said to have a pri
vate memorandum of all Captain Car
ter's actions.
CHEAPER TO
PAY THAN
TO LOBBY
The Southern Pacific
Makes an Offer to
Meet Its Tax.
Willing to Settle on a
Valuation of One Mil
lion a Year.
Huntington Fears Action by
the Legislature of
Kentucky.
HIS FRANCHISE IN DANGER
As Less Than a Tenth of the Sum Due
Is Tendered the Offer Is Not
Yet Accepted.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call-
FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 24.— The
Southern Pacific Company, under the
pressure of the keen spur of another
repeal bill to its charter being intro
duced in the Kentucky General Assem
bly, and preferring to show p, spirit of
fairness to having on its hands a big
legislative lobby here again, as during
last winter, has made a proposition to
the Board of Sinking Fund Commis
sioners to pay the annual franchise tax.
The proposition came to the State
Board of Valuation and Assessment,
composed of Auditor Stone, Secretary
of State Fonley and Treasurer Long,
through the authorized attorneys,
George M. Doric, Judge Alexander
Humphrey and General B. W. Duke.
The proposition submitted was to pay
on $1,000,000 annually at the rate of 52^
cents on each $1000 from the time of the
passage of the charter in 1884, the com
pany having resisted taxes from that
time under a claim that it owned and
operated no railroad or other property
in this State.
In addition to offering to pay this tax
the company has submitted a full and
detailed report to the board. Suits are
now pending in the Franklin Fiscal
Court for sums aggregating $144,000
against the company for such failure as
prescribed in the corporation law.
Judgments against many domestic cor
porations for such failure have been
secured for large amounts.
The proposition submitted has not
been accepted, and is being considered
by the board. It is said the board had
about decided to fix a franchise tax on
from $10,000,000 to $15,000,000, but to
secure the tax on this amount a long
series of litigation will have to be
fought through the State courts to the
Supreme Court of the United States.
General Duke held a long conference
with the board to-day, and afterward
was closeted with Attorney-General
Taylor, the State's legal adviser in re
gard to the matter. The board is push
ing the settlement while the Legisla
ture Is in session, in order that legis
lative action may be taken on the char
ter if it is compelled to go into the
courts to enforce the collection of the
tax it levies.
General Gobel said to-day he had not
decided to introduce another repeal bill.
He is said to be awaiting the action of
the board.
FOURTEEN PRISONERS FACE
DEATH BY INCINERATION.
Fire in Marysri/fe's Jail Discovered Just
in Time to Save Many
Lives.
MARYSVILLE. Jan. 24.— Fourteen pris
oners confined in tho Yuba County Jail j
underwent an unenviable experience this j
evening betweeh 6 and 7 o'clock. During i
the absence of the jailer and sheriff's j
deputies, who had gone to their evening
meal, the men were horrified to find that
the bedding In an untenanted cell had i
taken tire, the smoldering mattresses and I
comforters producing a suffocating smoke, j
The prisoners yelled at the top of their
voices for help. For an hour they were :
in this predicament before any attention I
was paid them.
Finally an alarm of fire was turned in \
by citizens attracted to them, and this i
brought the jailer and firemen to the res- '
cue. The prisoners were locked in indi
vidual cells and unable to reach the
apartment where the tire started. In an
other half hour the prisoners would have i
been incinerated.
John G. Nichols Dead.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 24— John G. Nich
ols, one of the best-known and oldest
residents of California, died on Saturday
night at his home in this city. Conges
tion of the lungs was the cause of death
The deceased was Sti years of age. Mr
Nichols came to California long before
the first discovery of gold. He was the
first Mayor of Los Angeles to be elected
after tho admission of California to the
Union.
Maryland's Senatorial Contest
ANNAPOLIS. Md., Jan. 24. -The ninth
ballot for United States Senator to-day
resulted: McComas. 49; Gorman 42-
Findlay. 2; Shaw. 17. An adjournment
until to-morrow was then taken
' " NEW TO-DAY. '___•_''
/^AjUxv. oUJriLii
SP^JR GUARANTEES
JG^£:sSm>. That the cost of treatment to effect a
3§|*jpP|if cure, by his NEW SYSTEM, will not ex-
Jp>~rskiBii» ceed the prices named below, including
P" f/^^^P all medicines.
Vv<^^§liP^ If incurable you be told so. .
Catarrh $20 00 ! Piles $20 00 Kidney Diseases $20 00
Rheumatism ....20 00 ! Paralysis .. ....60 00 Nervous Debility 20 00
Neuralgia 20 00 ' Skin Diseases 20 00 Syphilis ...... 30 00
Sciaticr 20 00 ; Diabetes ..... 25 00 j Varicocele 20 00
Fistula 30 00 j Ulcers (chronic) 40 00 i Stricture .. .......... 30 00
Asthma 25 00 Bladder Diseases 20 00 ] Rupture .. ........ . 40 00
Grave! 20 00 ! Bronchitis 20 00 ■ Loss of Manhood 20 00
Consumption, Ist stage 30 00 Epilepsy or Fits 30 00 ■ Gonorrhoea ...10 00
Tape Worm 20 00 Diseases of Liver 20 00 ' Gleet. ...15 00
I Dropsy 30 00 Goitre or Thick Neck. 30 00 ', Prostatic Diseases .... 20 00
Dyspepsia 15 00 | Salt Rheum 25 00 ! Tumors .. ....$5O 00 to 400 00
Deafness 30 00 \ Brighfs Disease 40 00 I Cancer . $100 00 to 600 00
Those who are unable to pay the above prices will receive services free of charge.
No matter what your Disease or Affliction may be. nor of how lons standing, secure the ODinlon
Of these EMINENT CAN AN PHYSICIANS, as it COSTS YOU NOTHING
THE NEUTRALIZING SYSTEM OF TREATMENT Is a boon to Buffering humanity
as it does away with the tatctn? of poisonous mineral remedies. • ;
MEN who are Nervous. Despondent, Diseased and Weak from early indiscretion and excess
in life readily restored by this New System. . : ' . . excess
- DISEASES OF WOMEN treated by an entirely new and Damiess method. Those unable
to call sena history of case with two-cent stamp and receive opinion free. Correspondence con-
fidential. Consultation, Examination and Advice Free. Hours 10 to 12 a. m..'2 to 5 and 7 to 8
p.m.; Sundays, 10 to 12 a. ai. ■ ■ " w
DR. A. SOPER'S SANITARIUM,
; 524 Taylor Street, , Co r- 1^ FRANCISCO CA .
1 . SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
SIFTING THE
SENATORIAL
SCANDAL
Testimony as to the
Movements of H.
H. Boyce.
Witnesses Also Tell of
Conversations Over
the Telephone.
Meyers Says He Shadowed
Hollenbeck From Columbus
to Cincinnati.
ENRAGED BY INNUENDOES.
Thirty Persons Have Already Bee<r.
Examined and More Remain to
Be Heard From.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI. Jan. 24. — Allen <X
Meyers, Sr., was the first witness to
day in the bribery investigation. He
said he was at the Great Southern Ho
tel in Columbus, where Mr. Kurtz and
others opposing Senator Hanna's elec
tion were stopping. His son, Allen O.
Meyers, Jr., who is clerk at the Gibson
House in Cincinnati, called him up that
night and told him of Boyce's move
ments. The next day his son reached
Columbus with copies of stenographic
reports of Boyce's talks from Cincin
nati by telephone with the Hanna head
quarters at Columbus.
As the matter pertained to the Ra
publicans he turned it over to Kurtz
and introduced his son to him. Kurtz
told Meyers that Hollenbeck would go
; to Cincinnati with money, and Meyers
: was detailed to shadow Hollenbeck
I from Columbus to Cincinnati and back,
\ and also for the carriage drives of
i Boyce about Columbus.
The testimony of Meyers caused quite
a stir, especially when he became very
; angry under cross-examination by Sen
ator Garfield. He denied that heovas a
party to any conspiracy in getting up
the Boyce-Hollenbeck story about the
! bribery of Representative Otis. When
i Senator Gartteld told the witness he
need not reply to anything that would
Incriminate himself, Meyers became in
tensely enraged, and Senator Burke had
great difficulty in proceeding with the
investigation.
Mr. Archer of Columbus, Deputy-
State Railroad Commissioner, testified
to following H. H. Hollenheck from Co
lumbus to Cincinnati and pointing him
out to Jerry Bliss and the detectives at
the depot. He said that Hollenbeck
carried his valise with him wherever he
went, even into an upper berth. He did
not undress in the sleeper, and received
messages in care of the conductor along
j the route. The rest of Archer's testi
mony covered the shadowing in Cin
cinnati and Columbus. Archer said he
was a volunteer with Kurtz and other
Republicans in seeking the defeat of
Hanna; that he was not employed as a
detective, but had worked for the wel
fare and the good of the country.
Harry A. Daugherty, Chairman of the
Republican Executive Committee, was
called, but refused to be sworn because
he claimed the committee had no juris
diction in this case. He said he had, as
K.I counsel, advised other witnesses,
was asked if he sent the telegrams
led "H. D." to Hollenbeck while he
was on the train, but refused to answer
the question and all others put to him
on the ground that the committee had
no jurisdiction.
Archer, on being recalled, testified
that F. J. Mulvihill, of the Democratic
leaders against Hanna, was also on
the train with Hollenbeck. Archer and
Mulvihill got Hollenbeck's telegrams
and Mulvihill answered them, signing
Hollenbeck's name to messages sent to
Major Dick.
Detective Miller was recalled to ex
plain the telephone talks of Boyce with
Major Rathbone and others at Hanna'a
headquarters. Mr. Miller shadowed
Boyce back to Columbus, but the trail
was lost in the latter city. Boyce and
Hollenbeck only stopped there between
trains.
The Senate Committee will continue
its work at Columbus. Thirty wit
nesses have been examined here since
last Friday, most of them being; em
ployed in the Gibson House and the
telegraph or telephone offices, and of
the Union Savings and Trust Com
pany. Jared P. PHs3, Allen O. Meyers,
Sr., and E. H. Archer were the prin
cipal other witnesses. They returned
to Columbus to-night with the com
mittee. The attorneys and members of
the House Committee also returned.
As the evidence of Representative
John C. Otis and Colonel Thomas
Campbell will be very lengthy they
were not called here, but Mr. Otis will
likely be the next witness at Columbus.
Chairman Burke announced to-night
that as soon as the committee was
through with all the willing witnesses
proceedings will at once be begun to
bring all of the unwilling witnesses
before the bar of the Senate for pun
ishment for contempt.CLEVELAND
OPPOSED TO
ANNEXATION
Repudiates Most Emphati
cally the Assertion of
Senator Morgan.
Nothing in His Action When Pres
ident to Justify the Conclusion
Drawn by the Gentleman
from Alabama,
PRIXCETOX, N. J.. Jan. 24.— "1t is one of the strangest things
of these strange times that my position upon the Hawaiian question
should be misunderstood."
That is the way ex-President Grover Cleveland expressed himself
when shown the statement of Senator Morgan relative to his position
in the Senate to-day. In order that there could be no misunderstand
ing of his position on the part of the public he authorized the follow
ing statement to the Associated Press:
"I do not believe in discussing matters of this kind as a private
citizen. I do not care, however, to be misrepresented.
"I will, therefore, say that ever since the question of Hawaiian
annexation was presented I have been utterly and constantly opposed
to it. The first thing I did after my inauguration in March. 1893, was
to recall from the Federal Senate an annexation treaty then pending
before that body. I regarded, and still regard, the proposed annexa
tion of these islands as not only opposed to our national policy, but
as a perversion of our national mission. The mission of our nation
is to build up and make a greater country of what we already have
instead cf annexing islands.
"I did not suppose there was anyone in public life who misunder
stood my position fn this matter. It has been said that I was partial
to the former monarchy and desired to see it restored in order that I
might treat with it for the purpose of annexation. How could I have
had such an idea if I regarded annexation as contrary to our na
tional policy? The same answer can be made to the statement that
my opposition to Hawaiian annexation was based merely upon dis
satisfaction with the treaty pending before the Senate at the time of
my second Inauguration. I was opposed to annexation as such.
"In regard to the Hawaiian monarchy, aside from any question
of annexation and without harboring any previous designs of restor
ing that monarchy, I Investigated the relations of our representative
to its overthrow. This investigation convinced me that our Interfer
ence in the revolution of 1893 was disgraceful. I would gladly,
therefore, for the sake of our national honor and our country's fair
name, have repaired that wrong.
"In regard to the Cuban question my Tuition was fully made
known to Congress in the various messages in which the subject was
discussed. I was opposed to the recognition of the belligerency of the
island and my position was perfectly well known. Indeed, bo very
unmistakable were my views on the subject that I was time and again
threatened by frenzied men and women with dire calamities to be
visited upon myself and children because of what they saw fit to as
sert as my enmity to the Cuban cause.
"My position on all these questions was made very clear in the
official documents at the time and there can be no possible mistake.
"It is very difficult for me to understand Senator Morgan's evi
dently wrong impressions in regard to my position. Indeed, it is one
of the strangest things of these times that my position in these mat
ters should be called into question."
Call Office Riggs House, I
Washington, Jan. 24.
It grows more and more evident that
President McKinley regards President
Dole as a trump card to be played for
annexation. As indicated by The Call,
the annexation game right now is for
delay and nothing more will be done
toward that end until a display of Dole \
Is made. Elaborate preparations have |
been made for his reception. All the
troops in Washington have been
ordered to meet him at the depot and
escort him to the quarters provided for
him at the expense of the Government. !
President McKinley will exchange ;
visits with him and will give an elab- !
orate dinner in his honor. Everything '
is to be done that will have a tendency !
to increase his importnee and open the
way for him to make a good impres- j
elon upon the Senate.
President McKinley Intends that j
nothing he can do to bring about a '
ratification of the treaty shall be left |
undone. In this matter of the annexa- |
tlon of Hawaii he has gone beyond his j
party. The national Republican plat- '
form of 1896 favored "control" of Ha
waii by the United States, but made
no mention of annexation. The Har- j
rison administration endeavored to
bring about annexation, but the Re
publican party did not express its ap
proval of Harrison's Hawaiian policy.
President McKinley has adopted the
Hawaiian policy of the Harrison ad
ministration, and is, therefore, the
leading person in the matter of Ha
waiian annexation.
What can President Dole do to in
fluence the Senate to ratify the an
nexation treaty? With the Senators
who oppose ratification he does not
Ptand very well. They regard him as
the chief figure in the conspiracy which
overthrew the rightful Hawaiian Gov- j
ernment and forcibly took the Ha- j
waiian Islands from the natives. His \
Influence as a lobbyist, therefore, is
not likely to be great. Indeed, it
is probable that he would have served
those who are supporting the annexa
tion scheme much better if he had re
mained in Honolulu. It would have
been more dignified, certainly, for him j
to have done so. By visiting Wash
ington to lobby in behalf of annexa
tion, he gives color to the charges that
he has been and still is only an agent
In the hands of others to rob the Ha
waiians of their country and annex it \
to the United States. There may be
come curiosity to see him, but there
will be no disposition to honor him ex- j
cept by those whose purpose h f - serves.
It leaks out, from talks of prominent
friends of the treaty, that there is great
disappointment in annexation circles j
over the turn affairs have taken in
executive session. While th<jy do not ;
dare do anything to drive from them !
the support of the venerable Senator
from Alabama who went out and saw
the Hula-Hula girls last summer, it is
a fact that they are saying in private
many things against Senator Morgan,
and they are charging that the Sena
tor's insistence upon speaking for days
at a time has hurt their cause. Sena
tor Frye voiced the general sentiment
when he said before the debate began
that if Morgan would speak for half
an hour annexation would win, but if
he persisted in speaking for several
days his speech would be absolutely
valueless. At times during his speech
there were not frve Senators listening to
him. As one of those close to him
put it: "I don't know what the old
man means. I can understand how he
is willing to take up the time of the
Senate in open session when his re
marks get before the country through
the Record and when, as he frankly
states, he does not speak to the Sen- i
ate, but to the country; but how he j
can spend day after day of executive |
session when nobody is listening and j
none of his speech can get before the j
country Is beyond my comprehension.
Yet that is just what he has done."
Those who agree with Morgan on his
Hawaiian argument attribute to the i
Morgan harangue a great part of the
present apathy on the subject among '
ira who were regarded as open !
to < "iivirtion. It is the general opin- !
i'«n that he has hurt rather than helped ]
his cause, and that it will take all the
power of the administration and the
aid of all other influences to get the
treaty through the Senate. Indeed, the
friends of annexation have almost lost
hope. They are now looking to the
Morgan bill as the most practical
means to their end, and even with
that they see a great stumbling block
in their path in the shape of the shape
ly gentleman from Maine who is the
••whole thing" bo far as the House of
X- •!'!• -entatives is concerned.
CHICAGO, Jan. 24.— President Dole
and party will leave Chicago via the
Baltimore and Ohio Railway at 2:05
a. m. to-morrow for Washington
where they will arrive at 1:15 a. m!
Wednesday. The party will occupy
one of the Baltimore and Ohio offi
cials' cars and be under the care of
Third Assistant Secretary of State
Cridler and Major Heistand, military
attache of President McKinley. Dur
ing the Journey on Tuesday the party
will pass through a thickly settled por
tion of Ohio, making brief stops at
such points as Defiance, Tiffin, Mans
field, Newark and Zanesvllle, and in
the morning they will pass through
the historic battle-field along the Cum
berland River between Cumberland
and Washington.
The programme for the entertain
ment of President Dole in Chicago con
sisted to-day of a trip to Fort Sheri
dan and a review of the United States
troops, an informal dinner at Kinsley's
immediately after the party returned
and a reception at the Union League
President Dole, Consul Fred W. Job
and Chief Secretary laukea left their
Quarters at the Auditorium annex and
took carriages for the Chicago and
Northwestern -depot, where a special
i train for Fort Sheridan was ready
Major-General Brooke and his staff
were in waiting at the depot, and with
the distinguished party took their
places in the private car of General
Manager Whitman of the Northwest
ern road. Mrs. Dole was somewhat in
disposed.
As the distinguished delegate stepped
off the train he was met by a volley of
cheers from a crowd of students from
Lake Forest. The boys had obtained
a day off to see the Hawaiian official
and lavished the college yell on him
for which the President showed his
appreciation by bowing and lifting his
hat. At the east side of the station
was the First Regiment, which acted
ap escort for Major-General Brooke
and his guests. A carriage stood ready
and the rest of the party were taken
to the barracks in wagons.
President Dole and others of the
I party were taken to Colonel Hall's
house, where a brief informal recep
tion was held, and then the party
; boarded the train for Chicago Car
! riages were in waiting and President
i Dole and his escort drove to Kinsley's
where the dinner given hv Dr. Lyman'
; to which a number of Hawaiian-born
Chicago residents were invited was
j served. At 3 o'clock a formal recep
tion to President Dole was given at the
Union League Club, which lasted until
i 4 o'clock. Judge and Mrs. P. S. Qross
; cup gave a supper to Mr. and Mrs
: Dole, at which were Mayor Carter
Harrison and his wife. General And
Mrs. John R. Rrooke. General and Mrs
John C. Black. Consul and Mrs. Job
nnd Judge John W. Fh. waiter and
others.
Stopped by the Police.
BALTIMORE. Jan. 24.— At Mnsfo Hall
I to-night the Eureka Athletic flub en
! (io.ivored to pull off a mill between Ous
! Ruhlin of Akron, Ohio, and Wolf Bcn
i dorff of Ensrland. Ruhlin had it all his
i own way, but the police interfered and
I stopped it at the end of the second round.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1808.
RIOTING
RESUMED IN
ALGIERS
Bitterness Increased
by a Murderous
Hebrew.
Stabbing of a Spaniard
Followed by Looting
of Stores.
The Governor-General Marches
Through the Streets Ap
pealing for Order.
WILD REPORTS AT PARIS.
One Dispatch Stat«s That the Provin
cial City la in Flames and That
100 Jews Are Slain.
Special PlspaUh to The Call.
ALGIERS, Jan. 2<.— Further rioting
occurred here at 9 o'clock this morning
when it was learned that a Hebrew
had stabbed a Spaniard. A mob at
tacked and looted the Hebrew stores.
At the head of six Zouaves with fixed
bayonets the Governor-General, pre
ceded by military drummers, traversed
the streets, appealing for quiet. He
was followed by a mob of about 3000
peoplo. who shouted. "Down with the
Jews," intermingled with a few cries of
"Vive le Governeur-Generale."
The Governor-General finally retired
to the "Winter Palace, escorted by the
police.
Several Hebrews have been assaulted
and a score of arrests have been made.
This evening the town is in great
turmoil. All the shops are closed, ami
troops are picketed in all the squares.
Several Jewish shops have been sacked
and the chasseurs have several times
dispersed the crowd?.
This afternoon the manager of the
anti-Jewish newspaper, accompanied
by the widow of the Christian who w as
killed last evening, herself dressed In
deep mourning, drove along the main
boulevard and created intense anti-
Jewish excitement. The people gath
ered beneath the arcades, shouting,
"Down with the Jews!" and the like.
Finally, chasseurs and infantry headed
by beating drums cleared the boule
vard.
A number of the natives joined them
in the hope of pillaging. No Jew ap
peared upon the street.
PARIS, Jan. I'4.— A dispatch received
from Algiers late to-night says that
at 11 o'clock perfect tranquility pre
vailed there. The streets had been
< leered and were held by troops. Al
together 300 arrests have been made
and 100 persons are to be put on trial
to-morrow, Tuesday.
If. Jaures received a dispatch from
Algiers saying that the town was in
flames and that 100 Jews had been
killed. He doubted the authenticity
of the message, the signature of which
was unknown to him, and the Govern
ment has had no information as to
anything like so serious an affray.
The military club to-day was guard
ed by the police, who were also sta
tioned within the Palais Bourbon
while a reserve force of 100 policemen
were drawn up in the courtyard of the
Minister fur Foreign Affairs. Then
was another body of police in the gar
den of the Tuilleries, and a detach
ment of the Republican Guard was
stationed in the courtyard of the Min
ister of Marine.
A duel with swords was fought this
morning between two newspaper men
If. Verwart a-nd Pierre Lefevre. The
former was wounded in the arm The
dispute arose over the Dreyfus case
The Chamber of De'pulies was
thronged to-day when the session
opened at 2:10 p. m. M. Debourganl
protested against the treatment ac
corded the Chamber on Saturday, say
ing it recalled the coups d'etat of De
cember, 1851, and November, 1799. [Pro
longed cheering.] The Deputy further
complained of the intervention of the
troops on Saturday. The President of
the Chamber, M. Brisson, explained
that those who were charged to clear
the tribune met with resistance, and
thought it their duty to call out the
gendarmes.
M. Jaures protested against the al
leged illegality and secrecy of the
Dreyfus proceedings, and reproached
the Government with pusillanimity.
He also claimed that for the past twen
ty-six years the republic had been con
trolled by financiers, and accused the
majority of desiring the "redelivery of
the republic into the hands of mon
archy and the clericals."
•But," M. Jauros exclaimed, "the
Socialists are preparing to defend the
true republic."
The Premier, M. M^line, refused to
reply, "because," he said, "the Qov
ernment had no right to constitute
itself a court of Justice."
The Chamber then gave a vote of
confidence.
The Government will prosecute M.
Gerault-Riehard and the Comte de
Hernia for their conduct in the Cham
ber of Deputies on Saturday.
ST. MALO, France, Jan. 24.— There
was an anti-Hebrew riot here to-day.
The mob smashed the windows of the
business houses belonging to the He
brews, and the troops had to assist the
police.
BERLIN, Jan. 24.— The Minister for
Foreign Affairs, Baron yon Bulow,
made a statement to-day before the
Budget Committee of the Reichstag: in
regard to the Dreyfus affair. He de
clared most emphatically that thorp
had never been relations of any kind
between German ng.-nts and Dreyfus.
Continuing, the Minister said that the
story of the waste-paper basket inci
dent at the German embassy in Paris
and the finding there of compromising
documents affecting Dreyfus was sheer
invention. Ho added that the Dreyfus
affair had not affected in the slightest
the calm relations between the German
and French Governments.
Baron yon Bulow prefaced his decla
ration by saying he could only spenk
with extreme caution, as otherwise his
wunis might be represented as an in
terference in French affairs, and he
thought there was the more reason for
enjoining reserve since it might be ex
pected that light would be cast upon
the affair by the proceedings initiated
in France itself.
Parents Foiled by Elopers.
NAPA. Jan. H.— William Wyatt, aged
20, and Miss Amanda TYlashp. aged 21,
were married by a Justice of the Peace
in Naps to-day. The couple eloped from
Sonoma, to which plmc« they returned
this evening. The parents of the girl ob
j. i ted to the t.nlon and tht-y went to
S;mta Rosa to-day in the belief that the
ony would occur there. In this th«\v
w< re cleverly duped- Wyatt is a clerk in
Sonoma.
ADVANTAGES
OBTAINED
BY GERMANY
Baron yon Bulow Tel Is
of the Settlement
With China.
Full Atonement Made for
the Murder of the
Missionaries.
Money for the Building of Seven
Secured Residences at
One Prefecture.
_
PERMANENT PROTECTION.
Under the Treaty There Will Be Ger
man Men-of-War and a Gar
rison at Kiaochau.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
•♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•
♦ ♦
♦ LONDON, Jan. 24.— A dispatch ♦
♦ to the Daily Mall from Naga- +
+ sakt, Japan, says: ■♦■
■♦• ' The British and Russian squad- ■♦
♦• rons are strictly watching each ♦
♦- other's movements. When the -♦■
♦ British battleship Centurion, ■♦•
♦ flagship of the squadron, left •♦■
♦ Nagasaki on Sunday she was +
♦■ shadowed by the Russian gun- +
-♦- boat Slvootch. The Japanese •♦■
♦ fleet is still at Yokosuka, but ♦
+ is expected to sail shortly for ♦
♦ TVei-Hal-Wel. No serious de- •$•.
+ velopments are looked for. Iv +.
BERLIN, Jan. 24.— Before the Bud
get Committee of the Reichstag to-day
Baron Yon Bulow, Minister for For
eign Affairs, paid that the negotiations
with China, now concluded, had re
sulted:
Firstly, in the Governor of Shantung
being removed and forever disbarred
from holding high office; another offi
cial named l>y Germany had also been
removed nnd punished, and proceed
ings had been instituted for the pun
ishment of the actual perpetrators of
the crime.
Secondly. China had promised to pay
"000 tads l"r th" material losses at the
mission.
Thirdly, as atonement for the death
of the missionaries, three churches
were to be erected, each provided with
an imperial tablet, showing them to be
under the protection of the Chinese
Emperor, one at Tsin-Nigsi, another at
Tsao-Chou-Fou. and a third at the
place where the murders were com
mitted. China grants 68,000 taels for
each church and free sites. Another
24,000 taels is assigned for building
seven secured residences for the Cath
olic prefecture of Tsao-Chou-Fou.
Fourthly, a special imperial edict fs
issued for the protection of the Ger
man missions.
"China." Baron Yon Bulow explained,
"has thus compiled with all our de
mands. Bishop Anzer regards the im
perial protection tablets as extremely
advantageous. The privilege Is rarely
accorded, and will considerably
heighten the prestige of the Catholic
missionaries in the eyes of the Chinese.
"The (Jorman Government believes it
has done all that Is necessary for the
prevention of further outrages. The
best guarantees, however, are the per
manent presence, under the treaty, of
German men-of-war and a garrison at
Kiaochau, l»y which it Is hoped the au :
thorities and population of China will
not again forget that no wrong done to
German subjects will be allowed to
pass unpunished."
Baron Yon Bulow, In conclusion. Bald
that the negotiations with reference to
the construction of railways and the
workings of coal mines were proceed
ing favorably. The Government chose
Kalochau because it was not too near
the French and British spheres of in
terest, or Russia's sphere of power.
Kirior hau was not an El Dorado, but
expert judges predicted for it a sound
and steady commercial development.
WITHOUT FOOD
FOR TWO DAYS
Young Hunter Found Wan
dering in the Olympic
Mountains.
Delirious From Starvation and Ex
posure Whfti Rescued by m
Searching Party.
Sparta! PUpatch to The Call.
TACOMA. Jan. 24.— J. w. Workman,
a wealthy young man of Racine, Wis.,
was found yesterday by mountaineers
In the heart of the Olympic Moun
tains, where he had boon lost for two
days In a favorite retreat of bean*,
wildcats and other wild animals. The
young hunter was delirious, and was
found wandering aimlessly about In a
deep ravine. He had been without food
for two days, and while he slept at
night his feet and hands were frozen.
When he came to realize that he had
been rescued Workman at once col
lapsed, and It was with gTeat diffi
culty that he was carried to the camp
at Lake Cushman. Medicines have
been sent to him, and as soon as he can
move he will be brought to a hospital
at Tacoma. It is believed he will re
cover, though he will be laid up for
weeks and it may become necessary to
amputate his limbs.
Workman, Henry Nelson and G. V.
Rogers, all prominent young men of
Racine, have been in the Olympics for
several weeks on a hunting expedi
tion. They were accompanied by two
Tacoma friends. The party has been
having great sport killing deer, bear
and wildcats, and last Friday morn
ing started on another wildcat hunt.
Workman left the others to follow a
wildcat which had been wounded.
When he did not return his companions
became alarmed. They searched un
successfully for several hours and then
went to Lake CuHhman and organized
three searching parties, offering a
large reward for finding him. Rogers
came to Tacoma to get more searchers
and was starting back to-day when he
learned by telephone of Workman's
QUAIL PROVED
HARD TO FIND
Unfavorable Conditions
for the Bakersfield
Field Trials.
Long Chases for the Dogs Be
fore Coveys Could
Be Flushed.
Enthusiastic Sportsmen Brave a Crisp
Breeze to Participate in
the Hunt.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 24.—Sports
men who take an Interest In dogs of
high degree are aware of the fact that
the Pacific Coast Field Trial Club is
now holding Its annual meeting, and,
Judging from -the scarcity of birds in
what may be called open cover, the
trials promise to be finished some time
next week. But gentlemen who are
conversant with the ground and the pe
culiar eccentricities of the Bakersfleld
quail say that the guide who led the
cavalcade this morning into a country
composed of sage and willow failed to
comply with instructions, and conse
quently went wrong. However that
may be, quail were extremely scarce
and hard to find.
The sportsmen— possibly fifty In
number — left Bakersfield at 8 a. m. for
the preserve, which is the property of
Mr. Tevia and is distant about fourteen
miles from town. An exceedingly cold
and sharp wind from the snow-capped
mountains made driving anything but
a pleasant pastime, and when the par
den spot was reached little time was
lost in getting down to business.
Judge Post of Sacramento, a veteran
sportsman, and Colonel Arthur Merri
man of Memphis, Term., were in the
saddle when the last of the field trial
ers arrived, and the colonel ordered the
first brace of dogs to get ready for the
. c: tart as soon as possible. Out of
twenty-two entries only eight starters
put in an appearance for the Derby.
Maskey's Lady Ro.lschoff and Verona
Antonla, English setters, were cast off
in a fairly open country. Maskey
handled his own charge and Dodge
handled Verona. The dogs ranged wild
at the start, but they soon got down
to business. The Lady worked her
NEW TO-DAY.
I: ...-;■ . • . : "
I I have found , m I
1 HealtbandWealtb! W 1
1O< * / / J§
I D-SANDEM'S \jj\k I
Qt> ELECTRICS" '« w&Z*^4&\ " '•'
Os> g" ~ a C™ IL^ m tint 3 a^. f^jt^Sfc* T^^tfy t o
P|P"l on «^| wife
gj mm mm mm 1 y*m Cs9
ITO MEN, YOUNG OR OLD. 1
[§t See what Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt has done. It has made life a pleasure <$>«
£♦ for over 10,000 men during the past year. It has made them strong; it has re- J§
> J moved all the effects of wear and tear on their bodies. It has put fire into their X®
§♦ nerves and blood, making the old men feel young and the young men bright,
g* energetic and full of animal vitality. "Electricity is Life." Fill your body with >§
&% it and you will* get the glow of happiness in every nerve, your brain will be j|§
q- N clear and your step firm.
lit ARE YOU THE MAN YOU SHOULD BE ? 1
Study yourself. You can be a stronger man than you are. You should be *^
|p® stronger. You should have more confidence in yourself. Steel your nerves with this -«>»
9 1 electric current. Feel its warming glow as Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt saturates your ®#
Os> body with it. Now if you can call and see it. See what it has done for others: 10,000
§| cures! If you can't call send for the book about it, free. Call or write to-day. Don't <$>#
»♦ put it off. ' . K|g
ft S-^NTDEIsT electric co., 6 a2TESE T ' J§
JS'L • OFFICE HOURS— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m.: Sundays, 10 to 1. „ <B>S
O^ OTHER OFFICES— 2SS Washington street. Portland, Oregon; 204 South Broadway, Los Angeles, Cal.; 931 Sixteenth -vj*
I O^ street, Denver, Col.; 255 Main street, Dallas, Texas. ■: y X
'&$> ■• ■ ■ ■ • ' " '. ..-■. - .':•-■ ' : . - < ■ •- ■ ■' .•-"•■■■.'-. -. '■ : • '■'■' ■ ■ .<»«
«■$ < <s> 4> ♦ <S> "* ♦♦♦♦<?>'<?> <?><& ♦<» <«> <§> <S> v«> <$• ♦ ♦ <$. ♦ ♦•♦ <«> <g><^ <^<S> ♦♦♦♦ <8> ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ t> <&♦ <»<s> iO
ground closely, while Verona ranged
rather too far distant from her han
dler and ran apparently wild. It was
some time before they found scattering
birds in the sagebrush. Both flushed
repeatedly. Finally the Lady drew on
point, but the bird flushed before the
handler pot within shooting distance,
and the Lady chased feather. Antonia
backed well and was steady when the
bird flushed. It was fully one hour
before the birds were again found.
Several false points were made, as the
birds ran on the approach of the
sportsmen, thereby puzzling the dogs.
After being clown one hour and fifteen
minutes the dogs were ordered up.
Lew Owen's pointer Glenbeigh 111,
handled by Allender, and Keller's set
ter Hope T, handled by Waters, were
cast off at 11:30 o'clock. Glen ranged
well, but it was an hour before game
was found. Hope T pointed and
flushed, then Glen pointed falsely and
was backed splendidly. Glen pointed
again, but the third flushed instantly,
the setter backing beautifully. Glen
scored another false point. After this
both dogs grew wild and ran over their
birds. Hope T came to a false point
and Glen failed to back. The dogs wore
ordered up at 1 p. m., when intermis
sion for lunch was called.
At 1:50 p. m. Colvin's painter. Alex
C. handled by Lucas, and Dr. Brown-
Ing's Irish setter Teal, handled by its
owner, wore cast off in tolerably heavy
cover. The setter worked stupidly,
ranging with head down and missing
many opportunities to locate feather.
Alex ranged beautifully, covering his
ground well and traveling very rap
idly. Runners were soon found and the
pointer made several false points, but
soon brought up stanch on a bird.
which Lucas missed. The dogs w* re
ordered up at 2:4r> p. m.
At 3 p. m. Tevis' Cuba of Kenwood,
handled by Dodge, and Chute's Patti
Croxteth C, handled by Stone, were
cast off, hut birds very few and far be
tween. It was one hour and a half
before a small bevy was discovered.
The birds ran like roadrunners before
the dogs reached them. Cuba pointed
and flushed and Patti failed to back.
Then Patti pointed and flushed. Both
dogs ranged very well. They were
ordered up at 4:15 p. m.
Hope T and Glenbeigh 111 were cast
off a second time on scattering birds.
Flushes were frequent, neither dog
showing very good bird sense. They
were ordered up after each had pointed
and flushed.
If the birds will not He better to
morrow the sportsmen do not expect to
witness any fancy work, especially in
pointing and backing.
The drawing for the all-aged stake,
which will be run to-morrow, is as fol
lows: Count Harold and Buena; Dona
Alica and Nimrod; Dash Antonia and
Hop; Gleam's Ruth and Luke. The re
maining dogs in this stake, which have
not been drawn, as they will run on
Thursday, are: Sadie Hopkins, Peach
Mark, Iroquois Chief, Countess X and
Valiente.
The Derby will be finished to-morrow.
The dogs that have been selected un
der the spotting system to linish the
final series are: Lady Rodschall, Alex
C and Cuba. The winner, which may
... - - ....
be Cuba, will doubtless be entered In
the all-aged stake. ' > ; * i
♦
SPORT AT LOS ANGELES.
Excellent Coursing and a Race Between
Horse and Wheelmen.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 24.— There was
a good attendance at the coursing at
Agricultural Park to-day. Racing be
gan at 10:30 a. m., when the ties and
finals from yesterday were run off.
There were several exciting races, re
sulting in ties, the one between White
Chief and Poker Davis being especially
hard to decide, the latter winning after
three ties.
A good deal of enthusiasm was shown
in the three-mile race between Bob
Hackney's running horse Prince Hook
er and a triplet bicycle ridden by Fritz
Lacy, Walter Cromwell and W. H. Pal
mer. In the first quarter of the first
mile an accident to the bicycle oc
curred, which prevented its running,
and all bets were called off.
It was decided to have the horse run
against a single bicycle, a new man
taking each mile, thus making a relay
in place of the triplet. The first mile
was taken by W. H. Palmer. It was
neck and neck most of the way, but the
horse led by a length at the end of the
last quarter. The second mile was rid
den by Cromwell, who made a gallant
fight, but lost the battle. The third
mile was taken by Fritz Lacy, the fa
vorite, who did his best and made fine
time, but lost the race by a length.
Prince Hooker winning in 7:48. It was
a very pretty race. A match was niad>±
between Prince Hooker and the triplet
ridden by Lacy, Cromwell and Palmer
for $50 a side, the management adding
a purse of 5100. The race will be run off
next Sunday.
In the first ties Juliet beat Our Side,
Hardy beat Juanita, Flora beat Lady
Lillian, Cyclone beat Rialto, Frisco
beat Flying Jib, Beauty beat Tiger,
Captain Kidd beat Klondyke, Sailor
Girl beat Gypsy, Poker Davis beat Rag
Baby, White Chief beat Hetty Green,
General beat Monday Noon, Dawning
beat Sailor Boy, Girofle beat Oscar,
('row beat Monday Morning, Romeo
beat Harry, Corelia beat Fannie C I.
A match race between Lady Lillian
and Breach of Promise was won by
Breach of Promise.
In the second ties Juliet beat Hardy,
Cyclone beat Flora, Beauty beat Frisco,
Sailor Girl beat Captain Kidd, Pokor
Davis beat White Chief after three ties.
General beat Dawning, Crow beat 64
rotle, Romeo beat Fannie C.
In the third ties Cyclone beat Juliet.
Sailor Girl beat Beauty, General beat
Poker Davis. Crow beat Romeo.
In the fourth ties Cyclone beat Sailor
Girl after a tie. Crow beat General.
In the final Crow beat Cyclone, tak
ing first money, with Cyclone second,
General third and the balance divided.
Judge Albert Boynton, who died the
other day at the Alma (Mich.) Sanitar
ium, was for twenty-five years the
political editor of the Detroit Free
Press, purchasing an interest in the
paper in 1872. He was a descendant,
through his mother, of John Alden.
910
BATTLE-SHIP
MAINE GOES
TO HAVANA
Evidently the Situation Is
Serious at the Cuban
Capital.
Although the State Department
Declares the Cruise Is Only
a Friendly Visit, Trouble
Is Predicted.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 24— War
talk is rife to-night. Never since
the complications in Cuba first
assumed proportions has there
been so much talk of possible
trouble between this country
and Spain as there has been
since Secretary Long's an
nouncement that the Maine is
headed toward Havana. This
action is naturally taken as most
significant. The State and Navy
departments are busy denying
that there is any change in the
situation down there and in re-
Iterating that there is special
reason for the visit of the battle
ship — that it is nothing, in fact,
but a friendly visit, such as a
vessel of any country is liable
to pay to a friendly port at any
time. But it is the conviction
here among those whose judg
ment is most valuable that noth
ing short of truly alarming news
would have induced the adminis
tration to take this step at this
particular time. Whether it is
due to the fear that the cable
from Havana might be cut, leav-
ing Consul-General Lee where
he could not be in communica
tion either with the Government
or with the squadron at Key
West, or to threatened anti-
American outbreaks, can only
be surmised. There is, however,
certainly something serious.
0 O
000000000.0 0.0000000
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24. — Within
forty-eight hours for the first time
since the insurrection broke out in
Cuba, three years ago. the United
States Government will be represented
in the harbor of Havana by a warship.
The decision to send the United States
phip Maine was finally reached at a
special meeting at the White House
this morning between the President,
Becretary Long, Assistant Secretary
Day, Attorney-General McKenna and
General Miles, and it is a striking f;i«'t
that with the exception of the Secre
tary of the Navy and the Attorney-
General not a member of the Cabinet
knew of the President's intention to
take this radical action.
It is denied, however, that such a
move has lonpr boen In contemplation,
as evidenced In the fo-Howing statement
of Assistant Secretary Day made this
afternoon:
"The sending of the Maine to Ha
vana means slmpl3 r the resumption of
friendly naval relations with Spain. It
is customary for naval vessels of
friendly nations to pass in and out of
the harbors of other countries with
which they are at peace, and British
and German warships have recently
visited Havana. Tliis is no new move.
The President has intended to do it for
some time, but heretofore something
has happened to postpone it. The or
ders to the Maine mean nothing more
than I have paid, and there is nothing
alarming or unfriendly in them,. The
Spanish Minister here is fully informed
of what is going on and so far as I
know has not mado the slightest ob
jection to it."
Further, Assistant Secretary Day
paid that Con3ul-General Lee had not
6ent for a warship. This statement
shows that the move was made delib
erately and that it could not have been
taken if there were serious apprehen
sions of its results in Havana. The
general belief here, however, is that in
Madrid rather than in any Cuban town
Is trouble to be looked for, if there
Bhould be any misapprehension of the
purpose of our Government in sending
the Maine to Havana. The temper of
the opposition newspapers in the Span
ish capital has been threatening for
some time, and it may require the
strong hand of the news censor to re
press the utterances that would lead
to rioting.
Admiral Sicard's orders were not
made public in their text at the Navy
Department, but it was stated that the
substance of them was contained in
the statement made by Secretary
Long. The orders were not sent di
rectly to the Maine, for the reason that
she is now attached to the squadron,
and the naval regulations require all
such orders to go through the superior
officer. There is some question whether
the telegram reached the admiral
before he sailed with his squadron
from Key West for Tortugas Harbor.
The belief is that it did not, but this
■will make little difference in the pro
gramme, inasmuch as the telegram
will be sent to the admiral by one of
the torpedo-boats, or by some other
means of conveyance. The details of
the Maine's movements are believed to
be left for the arrangement of Admiral
Sicard, but it is thought that the ship,
•which put to sea with the squadron,
■will return to Key West before going
to Havana.
The German ships, to which Assist
ant Secretary Day referred in his
statement, are the Charlotte and the
Geyer, both training-ships, and not of
formidable typo, though one sufficed to
settle hastily the recent Haytien diffi
culty. Their touching at Havana is
rot significant, as their cruise was ar
ranged in all details last September,
and the same ships are due at Charles
ton, 6. C, early in February next. The
commander of the Maine, Captain
Sigsbee, is a favorite in the Navy De
partment. For four years he was chief
of the Hydrographic Office, and by his
energy brought the office to a high
standard. He was lucky to get so im
portant a ship as the Maine, consider
ing his actual rank, which is that of a
commander, but immediately he jus
tified the department's judgment in the
selection by running his ship straight
into a dock in New York harbor in or
der to avoid running down a packed
excursion boat. This was a display of
quick judgment, nerve and pluck that
pleased the department so highly that
Sigsbee was sent a complimentary let
ter. His officers include Lieutenant-
Commander Walnwright, Lieutenants
G. F. Holman. J. Hood and C. W. Yun
gen. Lieutenants (Junior grade) G. W.
Blow, J. T. Blandin, F. W. Jenkins,
Cadets J. H. Holden, W. T. Cluverius.
Amon Bronson and D. F. Boyd Jr.,
Surgeon L. G. Heneberger, Paymaster
C. W. Littlefield, Chief Engineer C. P.
Howell, Past Assistant Engineer F. C.
Bowers, Assistant Engineers J. R.
Morris and D. R. Merritt, Cadet Engi
neers Pope Washington and Arthur C.
Renshaw, Chaplain J. P. Chidwich and
Lieutenant of Marines A. W. Catlin.
— — ♦
SIGNIFICANCE OF
SENDING THE MAINE
TO HAVANA HARBOR.
While It Is Said the Visit Is Purely of a
Friendly Nature Naval Officers
Fear a Clash.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— Senator
Davis, chairman of the Committee <>n
Foreign Relations, had been fully ad
vised of the sailing of the Maine for
Havana when a reporter of The Call
met him at the Capitol this afternoon.
When asked as to the significance of
the sudden change of policy on the
part of the United States, relative to
sending out warships into Havana,
Senator Davis replied:
"Secretary Long tells us that the
vjstt of the Maine is purely of a
friendly nature. Now, there may or
may not be any special significance in
the Maine's movements, but it all de
pends upon the v.ay Spain views it.
It is not unusual for the warships of
a friendly nation to cruise in the har
bors of their neighbors. I understand
that the two German warships entered
the harbor of Havana yesterday.
There does not appear to have been
any special importance attached to
that action on the part of the German
Government. Of course, I realize that
while the relations between the United
States and Spain are supposed to be
friendly we have kept our ships out
of the harbor of Havana for the past
two or three years, and the sending of
the Maine to Cuba now naturally ex
cites speculation. We might have sent
our warships to Havana at the be
ginning of the present controversy
with even greater propriety than now,
and it would have occasioned little or
no comment. As I understand the situ
ation we refrained from sending our
ships there out of a feeling of delicacy
toward Spain, with whom we have
friendly relations. It has been cus
tomary for our ships to run in and
out of Havana at our own convenience
until this last struggle for independ
ence commenced. Prior to that time
there was no hostile significance at
tached to the fact that one of our ships
steamed into the harbor of Havana and
remained there long enough to give
the officers and crew time enough to
witness a bull fight and buy a supply
of cigars and attend to such other du
ties as might develop upon the ship's
company. When the present compli
cations arose It was deemed advisable
on the part of the United States to
keep our ships away from Havana for
fear Spain might think we were trying
to coerce her into a settlement of an
internal revolution. I think we might
have sent our ships there iong before
this and I believe the presence of our
ships In the harbor of Havana would
have had a good effect upon the situa
tion. It looks as though the end Is ap
proaching and as a precautionary
measure the administration has di
rected the Maine to proceed to Havana
on a friendly cruise; but at the same
time to be present in case of emer
gency to offer protection to American
interests should they be threatened.
"I am advised that peace and tran
quillity prevail in Havana now and
that there is no serious objection from
any source to the visit of the Maine to
Cuban waters. A I said in the begin
ning, we will have to wait and see
what construction the Spanish Govern
ment puts upon our friendly action."
Naval officers, generally, look upon
the sending of the Maine to Havana
as the right thing to do, under existing
cirucmstances. Those who are in po
sitions to be familiar with all that has
been said and done in connection with
the movements of the North Atlantic
squadron, since the complications in
Cuba reached the serious stage, have
advocated the presence of some of our
warships in Cuban waters from the
very beginning of the trouble.
A well-known naval officer, who Is
familiar with the subject, remarked to
day that it was almost a miracle if
there is not some friction between the
American sailors and the Spanish
troops. It is all right for the Maine
to go to Havana and be there ready
to give aid to Consul-General Lee and
to guard American interests, but as a
matter of fact, the Spaniards hate the
sight of an American citizen and there
is bound to be a mix-up if the Span
ish troops offer our sailors any indig
nity while they are in port. In view
of the long absence from Cuban waters
of American warships the Spaniards
may forget that we are still supposed
to be on terms of friendly relations
with them, and resent the entrance of
our vessels into their harbor.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CAIX, TUESDAY, JASTAHT 25. 1898.
SEEKING TO
STILL THE
AGITATION
Los Angeles Water
Company Tries a
New Tack.
Its Syndicated Press Or
dered to Cease Making
a Fight.
Desires to Have the People
Forget the Expose Made
in The Call.
GRIDER IS WID.EAWAKE.
The Councilman Back of a Movement
for the Construction of a Mow
Water System.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 24.— T0-morrow
the nine members of the Common
Council of the city of Los Angeles will
have another opportunity to go on rec
ord in the battle which is on between
the 110,000 inhabitants of the munici
pality on one side and the fifty-two
stockholders of the water company
and their three newspaper tools — the
Times, Herald and Express— on the
other. When the Council meets in the
morning Councilman L. M. Grider will
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the waU-r supply com
mittee, with the Mayor and City Engin
eer, are hereby instructed to investigate
and report to the Council whether or not
it is feasible and practicable to construct
a water system which will bring water
Into the city from a mountain source and
with sufficient pressure for lire purposes,
and they are instructed to report upon
the matter as soon as practicable and not
later than three weeks from this date.
Now the members of the Council who
are not tied to the city water com
pany will vote for this resolution. It
will result in an investigation which
will cost the city nothing, and, if the
facts are given, a report will be made
showing that it is both feasible and
practicable to bring mountain water
into this city for domestic purposes
and with sufficient pressure for fire
purposes.
The water company forces will be
massed, and a determined, and, pos
sibly, a successful, effort will be made
to kill the resolution, if not by direct
action, in an indirect way. Of all things
the city water company does not de
sire a lair and honest report as to how
easy it is to bring water into this city
from a mountain source and independ
ent of its system. Upon this point it
does not want the public informed,
and, more particularly.it does not want
it through an official Council report.
So, with the aid of its tools in the
Council, it will endeavor to defeat the
resolution, and then, on the day fol
lowing, through its newspaper organs,
it will endeavor to discredit and ridi
cule an honest effort of Councilman
Grider to carry out the pledge con
tained in the platform upon which he
was elected.
The daily papers have hedged nota
bly on the water question since The
Call took up the fight of the people of
this city. All three of them now an
nounce editorially that the plan of the
Mayor to take possession of the city's
plant, now in the puss«-ssion of the wa
ter company, upon the expiration of
the company's lease is all right. Prior
to January 17, upon which date The
Call took up the water fight, these
same three papers had condemned the
proposition in unmeasured terms as
fanatical and a recommendation for
mob rule.
The Herald, since it was denounced
by the Democratic City Committee,
has been very mild. It has eaten its
own words, and Its editorial columns
have reversed themselves. But the
water company still controls the allied
dailies and the directors of the corpo
ration still dictate the editorial policy
of all three sheets as to municipal own
ership. The great desire of the com
pany now is to still tvte agitation that
has been started. If this is continued
and the public is kept posted as to
the moves of the monopoly and its
tools, the combined dailies, the scheme
to obtain a fifty-year extension of the
lease is irretrievably lost. To accom
plish its purpose a fund, so it is said
on good authority, of $250,000 has been
set aside.
But if the people are kept informed,
there is no amount of money that will
carry it, even if the company were to
control seven members of the Council.
The people would not tamely submit to
the outrage. There would be such an
uprising as has never before been seen
In any city in this country. As long as
the water company controlled all ave
nues of reaching and Informing the
people through its syndicated press, its
schemes were not understood. But The
Call has destroyed the utility of the
newspaper combine and completely
overwhelmed not only the three news
papers but their masters as well. As
a result, the people of this city are joy
ful, and they have not been slow about
expressing their gratitude to The Call
for the great service it hRs rendered.
Nearly one hundred ministers gath
ered at the First M. E. Church to-day
to listen to a lecture delivered to them
by Rev. W. D. P. Bliss, the eminent
divine. Dr. Biles' remarks were straight
and to the point. He was endeavoring
to point out to the ministers how they
could get the workingmen into the
church. Among other things the lec
turer had this to say:
"The poor man Is having too great a
struggle for bread to care much about
your better city government theories.
If you tell him that you mean to tear
down the slums and give him good
houses and give him pure water to
drink, he is more intersted."
Dr. Bliss evidently was aware of the
j fact that the league for better city gov
i eminent has not assisted In any way
j whatsoever in making the fight for the
, people against the water company. It
< has stood supinely by and has not
made one effort, while a job was In a
fair way to be put through which con
templated either robbing the people at
once out of about two million dollars
or the extension of a franchise which
in fifty years would mulct them Into
the sum of twenty millions. Dr Bliss'
lecture will not be referred to by the
water company press, but if the minis
ters of the gospel who were present
and heard him will spread his doctrine
among their flocks, there will have
been some material assistance given
the cause, and Dr. Bliss will not have
spoken in vain.
ASPIRANTS ARE NUMEROUS.
Governor Budd Soon to Appoint the Suc
cessor of Stan ton.
STOCKTON. Jan. 24.— Governor Budd.
who is confined to hia home with illness.
Bald to-day In reply to an Associated
Press reporter's question that he would
appoint the successor of Railroad Com
missioner Stanton, deceased, next week.
There has been considerable speculation
as to who will succeed Stanton in the
board and a strong fight is being made
lor the place by several aspirants. The
Governor would give no intimation as to
whom he intends appointing.
BIRD LESS HATS WILL
BE IN GREAT ARRAY.
Striking Entertainment to Be Given by
Humane Societies at the Planters'
Hotel in St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 24.— The Audubon ex
hibition and entertainment Thursday
evening under the auspices of the Hu
mane and Audubon societies at the
Planters' Hotel promises to be a notable
event. Neither tickets nor invitations
are necessary. One hundred birdless hats
will adorn the corridor of the hotel, mak
ing the most dazzling array of featherless
millinery ever seen in St. Louis. Every
millinery houso in the country will be
represented. Many local houses have sent
to New York to their representatives,
others have sent to Europe, for the latest
and most effective designs that can be
found In foreign marts while others de
clare their intention of showing designs
arranged by their own hands.
GENERAL MILES HAS
A DISTINCTIVE UN/FORM.
New Ideas as to Decorations Obtained by
the Commanding Officer of the Arm/
During His Tour in Europe.
NEW YORK. Jan. 24.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Major-
General Miles will hereafter wear a dis
tinctive uniform as general command
ing the army. While in Europe last
summer he made a detailed examina
tion of the uniforms of different Kuro
pean armies and learned the views of
officers of foreign armies about unl-
forms which are prescribed by their
Governments.
General Miles' plans for a general
change in the uniforms of the United
States army have not yet taken definite
shape; but he has satisfied himself re
garding decorations which he considers
appropriate for the commanding officer,
and has received permission of the Sec
retary of War to adopt them for his
own uniform.
General Miles has gold embroidery to
the sleeves and collar of a full dress
coat, the design being a delicate trac
ery of oak leaves. He has abandoned
epaulets entirely, and Instead adopted
the Sat Russian shoulder knot, without
fringe, bearing the coat-of-arms of the
United States and the two stars in
dicating the rank of maj >r-pen<>ral. To
this is added a belt of Russian leather,
piped with gold and embroider^ in
oak leaves, to match the design on the
collar and ruffp of the coat. A Basil of
alternate stripes of yellow and gold, ex
tending from the right shoulder to the
left side, completes the new features
of the new uniform.
General Miles appeared in his new
uniform for the first time at the Presi
dent's reception last Wednesday even
ing.
SUCCESS OF THE
LICK EXPEDITION
Obtained Perfect Photographs of
the Sun's Corona During
the Eclipse.
Changes in the Solar Spectrum at
the Sun's Edge Plainly
Shown.
Special Dispnfh to The Call.
LICK OBSERVATORY. Jan. 24— A
cablegram received to-day at Mount
Hamilton from Professor Campbell,
■who is in charge of the Crocker-Lick
Observatory expedition at Jeur. India,
says that most satisfying photographs
of the corona were obtained by the ex
pedition with three different telescopes
— one Bet of photographs with a tele
scope forty feet long and the other with
five foot and three foot telescopes.
Professor Campbell reports the great
equatorial expanse of the corona which
formed such a conspicuous feature of
the eclipse of January 18, ISS9. has
again been photographed. He satis
factorily photographed the changes in
the solar spectrum at the sun's edge
with the aid of one of the spectro
scopes, and probably obtained success
ful photographs of the reverse layer.
The presence of certain incandescent
matter In the lower strata of the sun's
atmosphere forms a comparatively thin
stratum in a more elevated region
called the reverse layer.
Certain of the rays of light from the
lower region of the sun's atmosphere
are absorbed in passing through this
stratum, and the absence of these rays
was indicated by the dark lines in the
solar spectrum. It is this reversing
layer that has probably been photo
graphed by the Lick Observatory
party. j. If. SCHAEBERLE.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 24.— 1 have
Just received from Charles Burckhalter
a cable from Jeur. India:
"Sky clear. My. method equals my
expectations and is an unqualified suc
cess."
This Is from the eclipse expedition
fitted out by me and is the test of Mr.
Burckhalter's newly invented method
of obtaining a perfect photograph of
the sun's corona during an eclipse.
Yours, etc., ,<
"WILLIAM M. PIERSON. •
The facsimile /H& y/fV_i " -** is on every wrapper
signature of , i£**/z7%UcJLt4A of CASTO&IA.
TRIED TO LIVE
WITHOUT FOOD
Cause of the Death of a
Rancher Near Cala
bassas.
Thought He Had Discovered a
Secret Whereby to
Cheat Nature.
Dies of Starvation in a Cabin Whose
Larder Was Always
Empty.
Bp€dal Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 24.— Because he
thought he could cheat nature and live
without eating, Frank Bernstein, who
lived on a small ranch at Calabasas,
Is dead. His body was discovered by
a neighbor named Karle, who entered
Bernstein's cabin this morning. The
Indications were that Bernstein had
been dead for several days.
All things being considered the con
clusion is unavoidable that his death
was due to starvation. He was always
considered a very eccentric creature,
and acted strangely. Of late he had
been an ardent student of the mys
teries of theosophy, and had spent
much of his time in the study of this
philosophy. He believed he had solved
the problem of existing without food,
which belief had come from the study
of the doctrines he had spent so much
of his time in unraveling. His cabin
was destitute of food.
Bernstein came to Calabasas in 1884
and purchased a ranch of fifteen acres,
which he never cultivated. At one time
WEDDING BELLS WILL RING.
The Engagement of Two of Berkeley's Society
Belles Has Been Announced.
The young people of the university town are starting the New Tear
well. The engagements of two of its society belles and one of its favorite
sons have been announced, and the weddings are shortly to follow. The
lucky couples are Miss Ethel E. Bergen and Frank N. Lowell and Miss
Edna L. Lowell and Harry S. Scott.
Miss Bergen's college days are over and she is now one of Berkeley's
society leaders. She is the daughter of the Hon. B. F. Bergen, the well
known attorney. Mr. Lowell is with the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany, and is popular in all the bay cities.
Miss Lowell is the daughter of Captain A. I. Lowell, and sister of Miss
Bergen's fiancee. She is a handsome blonde, a member of the class of '99,
and very popular in the university town. Mr. Scott is Assistant Chief
Wharfinger of the port, and is a favorate with all who know him. He is a
Mason, a prominent Native Son, and one of the leaders of the Olympic
Club.
The wedding of Mr. Lowell and Miss Bergen will take place at the home
of the brides parents In Berkeley this evening. The ceremony
will be performed by the Rev. Dr. Coyle of the First Presbyterian Church
of Oakland, and the bridesmaids and groomsmen will be: Miss Emma E.
Bergen (maid of honor). Miss Edna L. Lowell, Miss Margi. Smith, and
Fred L. Lowell (best man), Louis B. Haseltine and Harry S. Scott.
The wedding of Mr. Scott and Miss Lowell will follow in the spring.
he was presented with -a large number
of fruit trees by a neighbor. He
planted them, but only to uproot them,
as he thought he could exist without
the necessaries of life. He was con
sidered insane by many of his neigh
bors, and was a few years ago brought
to Santa Cruz and examined by a
board of examiners for the insane, but
it did not think the case one that
would warrant the sending of the man
to a State insane asylum. He returned
to his farm, but only to again act in
the same peculiar manner. Although
the possessor of land he let the prop
erty go to waste and refused to culti
vate it. He earned his livelihood by
working for the neighbors, who. in this
section of the county, are all farmers.
Bernstein was a native of Sweden
and came from a fine family. His body
Is In charge of the Coroner, and an in
quest will be held.
Entertained by the McKennas.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 24.— Justice and
Mrs. McKenna entertained a distin
puished company at dinner to-night,
when the entire Cabinet circle, with the
exception of the Secretary of War, was
present to moot the President and Mrs".
McKinloy. Tho only guesta in addition to
the Cabinet members and their wives
were ex-Presklent Harrison and wife,
who will be generally entertained dur
iiiK their Visit at Washington.
Glass brushes are used by the artists
who decorate china.
TWO RANCHERS
SLAY A THIRD
Murder Done on a Moun
tain Summit Near
Santa Monica.
John W. Hilton Given No
Chance for His Life by
His Foes.
Quarrel of Neighbors Over an Up
land Road Ends in an Atro
cious Crime.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 24.— 0n the
summit of a mountain eighteen miles
northwest of Santa Monica John W.
Hilton was shot and mortally wounded
and died an hour afterward. His
slayers were George Cardwell and Ike
Harris. The murder occurred in what ]
is known as the Los Vergenes district, j
the mountain precinct of this county.
Hilton owned a mountain ranch and
had, with the consent of Cardwell and
Harris, changed a roaa which cut off ;
a portion of his land. A new road had
been built, but the recent rains had
ruined it. Harris and Cardwell then
began using the old road and they
quarreled with Hilton about it.
On Saturday morning Hilton was ;
plowing his land. Cardwell and Harris I
started to drive across it on the old
road. Hilton ordered them to stop and
started for the house. They in turn
ordered the old man to stand still, but
he did not. When sixty feet away they |
both fired at him, one with a musket
loaded with buckshot and the other
with a Winchester. The old man im
mediately fell to the ground and his
wife appeared on the scene. The mur
dterora disappeared.
A neighbor came and assisted Mrs. I
Hilton to carry her husband to the .
house, and an hour later he died.
The district in which the killing oc- |
curred is wild and mountainous, and ]
there are many lawless characters i
there. The murdered man was 68
years of age. He had resided on his
ranch but a year. Cardwell and Harris
have both been arrested and are in the
County Jail".
BROWN'S TROUBLES ENDED.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 24.— Farmer K. A.
Brown Is happy once more. The attach
ment suits against him have been dis
mlsseri and he has received all his money
from the Sheriff. Mrs. Sager, his land
lady, who wanted $100 damages for soiled
becldlng. caused by the blood which
flowed from his wounds at the timo he
was robbed and assaulted by Irvln. with
draw her suit on account of adverse pub
lic sentiment. Brown says he will pay
her what is right. Irvin, who pleaded
guilty, will receive sentence to-morrow.
NEW TO-DAY.
P^ A A A rfi nfo A"T|
j Jiabies L
1 Thrive On It L
Condensed Milk.
111 1
1 ■ ■ —H i
A little "IN FA NT jk
2 HEALTH* Sent FREE, t
N Should be in" Every House. W
H.Y. CONDENSED 'MILK. CO, V
4& NEW YORK. ilk
ff-l^'_ 11. ___:_— JJi"
RpV^r -*»' -^r v*" -*w •vw.'qfl
DANGEROUS DAYS.
They Are Upon Us and They Need to Bo
Watched Very Carefully.
Of all times, of all seasons of the
year, this is the most dangerous It is
a time when the air is filled with dis
ease, when the wind wafts pneumonia.
The deaths from this one trouble alone
are simply alarming, and in spite of all
warningVthey seem to be ncreaslng
Pneumonia comes Buddenl8 uddenly ', *L t *»"
quickly; it far too often results fatally.
It is all the more dangerous because it
comes unannounced. A tickling in the
throat, a tightness of the chest and a
difficulty in breathing, an extreme feel
ing of languor, all may mean the be
ginning of pneumonia. Being so sud
den a disease it requires above all
things prompt treatment. If a prompt
reaction is brought about the danger
may be over; if not, the end may be
near. Any physician who is called in
a case of pneumonia prescribes stimu
lants instantly, such as pure whiskey
all else is useless.
For years the standard, the reliable,
the one whiskey which can be depend
ed on has been Duffy's Pure Malt. It
has saved the lives of thousands who
were on the high road to pneumonia in
its worst form, and it has both pre
vented and cured the worst forms of
pulmonary trouble. It stands unrival
ed. Be sure and secure Duffy s. no
matter how much you may be urged
to try a cheaper one.
I Philadelphia
Shoe Co. No, 10 Third St.
STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MCBIT
I We Want Your Trade ! I
M "We are after business, and If you w
vy have not dealt with us. buy a pair of 0
yy our shoes and give them a trial. All (•)
® we want is a chance to please you. (Ji
(•) We tell the truth about our footwear. (g\
(«0 and we wish the public to believe it. )jj
0 The wear of a shoe speaks for Itself. Jk
@ Give us a trial. Here is sometning y<
£) cheap: Ladies' Vici Kid Lace Shoes. X
>jv black cloth tops, new coin toes and £)
X patent leather tips; reduced to $1 50; ®
>< sold elsewhere for $2. m■ . ®
>< Men's Shoes In every style: medium- 9$
>< priced footwear a . specialty. This ©
Vy week a leader: Men's Fine Calf Lace ©
jjy Shoes, new coin toes and tips, single w
(•) soles, fair stitch; offered for |2 35 0
w Just to catch your trade. 0
1 klondikeTootwear I
I A SPECIALTY. |
0 Country orders solicited. ><
« Send for New Illustrated Catalogue. ><
>< Address vj)
| B. KATCHINSKI, §
g PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.. ©
® 10 Third St., San Francisco. 0
No deception practiced.
No $100 Reward.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST
for a generous •' .
10 CENT TRIAL SIZE.
Ely's CREAM BALM
contains no cocaine, mercury nor any other In*
.iurious drug. It opens and cleanses the Nasal
Passages, Allays Pain and Inflammation. Heals
and Protect* the Membrane. Restores the Sense*
if Taste and SmelL Is qnickly absorbed. Gives
. Relief at once. 50 eta. at Druggists or by mail,
! rial Size 10 cts. at Druggists or by mail.
'•" - ---,-■■. r.■ <f,-- on g.,.,.,^ New York
gleet. Spermatorrhoea
/HHgy i: l to ■'■ :»r?.^jp whites, unnatural did-
.Wf Gu»raate»i £J charges, or any iaflamma-
«*l not to itrleture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
»W 'aPnreau contagion. tion of silicons mem-
»7»»THEEvAN3 CHEMiCit fjo. cranes. Non-astringent.
faAciHCINHATI.O IS I Sold by Dfnesi^ts,
xlv^ik. V. S. a. JS/3 or S( '-'t in plain wrapper
*^P>W^H *i 7 rv, expre » BB L P r ?PaW. -for
'V^&sg^fJKs *\\ i\-00..0r S bottles, «:>.T5..
B^ * a Circular s^nt on request.
mmiiuiikiiij
S HA\B YOU . Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- ■
I Colored, Spots, Aches. Old Sores. Ulcers
I i?r?i O^ hl l i a , ir -!> Uln * r? Writo COOK REM- 1
i r?rA CO 7TT 213 MASONIC TEMPLE. CHI-
SSsTfSi w ; for P roofs of cures. Capital H
H $600,000. WorstW orst cases cured In 15 to 36 days. ■
H 100-pase book free. ■
W\mm. . *3 i We will gend you a five (5) dny trial
¥ MENfi troatmont of the French llemed*
f '" *" '* § CALTHOS free, (uo «. O. »'.) and
B— BE" ! 5 6 a legal « Uiir aiitee that Caltkos will
HkTlta .1 ST-U 1 D l«*«'««» nna Emliialoii*,
IQA 'Al. . iibJl
ffiL \VH *" d RESTORE I-»«t Vl,or.
BS&BIMhH It co<;fs you nothing to try I*.
| Yon M Oh! CO. 440 B' oli-Agirrigaiii ? U.ClnflßD»tl,a
Q Visit OR, JORDAN'S Great
mm Museum of Anatomy
I 'rfE^ft 1051 -ASSET ST. lii 6th i 7th, 5. P. C»L
B (sji-v 9,. . . The Large., tof its kind in the World.
JSjjt V' DR. JORDAN— Diseases.
I^H^B 0k Contnlution frce^ TSTrJiB for Book
1 1 1^ Philosophy of Marriages
~ HAILED FREE.Personal News from along the Coast
THERE has been considerable more trav
eling about done by Pacific Coast people
during- the week just ended than for some
time past. The jubilee celebrations In dlf
fer-nt sections have been largely responsible
for this, but there has been considerable visit
ing done as ■well. Several hundred people have
already arrived In San Francisco for the Jubi
lee festivities.
Anderson.
Rev. and Mrs. J. M. Parker were visitors at
Redding the latter part of last week.
Mrs William Lndwig of Truckee. who ha*
been visiting relatives here for some time, re
turned to her home Tuesday morning
Mies Myrtle Fuller and Mrs. I. M. Fickas
visited In Redding- Saturday evening.
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Zumwalt of Fall River
Mills have been here for the past week
Mrs. J. M Parker has gone to Fresno' for a
visit to relatives.
M C. Parker left for Xew Mexico Tuesday
Mrs. James Bedford has been visiting rela
tives at Oro during the week.
J. D. Dczier baa gone to Xapa and will visit
Fan Francisco during the Jubilee.
)r Mrs - T - C. Lovell is visiting friends at Corn-
Auburn.
Sidney W. Floto of Oakland has been the
guest of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Clegg.
Hon. J. H. Neff of Colfax was here the first
of the week.
Major Hubbard was up from Penryn Tues
day.
A! Sickles of Gold Hill did business in Au
burn this week.
Jacob Zantgraf is spending a couple of weeks
In San Francisco.
Professor \V. &*££" and wife have
takon rooms at Wildman's.
firlt h of M the e we CcC ck aiß were in San Francisco the
carVng'the^eeV 01 " ***** ***** Sacramento
C. H. Walsh . and bride expect to soon occu
py their new home en Borland avenue
W est Boes, a resident for many years at
vanity' A Ska ' ls visltin S relatives la this
!'■!■■> Morris of Newcastle has gone to
i-lockton.
Mra. M. E. Crutcher is visiting relatives In
Pan Francisco.
.■ _ i
ißakersfieid.
:>i ss Ella Fay nne up from Los Angela
- to visit with her father. District At
lurney Fay.
Hattie Ket« >r Tehachapl Is vl«ltinr
md Mrs Fiances Borjrwar.lt
Id.
Mr. and Mrs. Leo Hlrshfeld of Hanford are
Mrs. Herman Hi.
' : E. 1-::. San Bernardino is !;>•>!•_
. business.
Mrs H. !•, Richards of Tacoma is visiting
her mother nnd brother of Kern, Mr. Header-
S. W. Wible has returned from a trip to Los
Angeles.
M I'• i Lpl is here.
Mrs. L. IV ■ lUghter, Miss Cora
Bt. ('lnir. arc vi Ban Francisco this
week.
Henry Miller Is In town.
Charles Howlfcnd. an attorney from Los An
poles. Is rei . at the Southern.
M. S. Wag) ul Button Willow has moved to
Bakersfield.
Bailard.
Mr. and Mrs. '». K. Evans will soon leave
f'.r Eng
D fc. ;■'•::, lers. representing the State Grand
I.i'iige. A O. !'• W., is organizing a branch
of that ordei
C. H. l>Dtip;l:is and a party of friends from
Fnnta Barbara arc in pursuit of the festive
duck at the Uunilalupe reserves.
Miss Russel. a graduate of the State Normal
nt S:»n Jose, has been elected principal of the
grammar school at Santa Ynez.
Marion Baunders is making active prepara
tions for a near departure for Alaska.
Rev. J. L. Thompson, formerly pastor of
the Presbyterian church at Los Ollvos, Ballard
and Santa Ynez, la visiting old friends in this
vicinity.
Glovterdale.
Mrs. P. Smith and daughter. Miss Genevleve, !
have returned after a pleasant fortnight's so
journ in the Bay City. j
Dr. M. \j. Pettit spent the week in San
Francisco, combining business with pleasure.
Dr. A. D. Bennett and Charles Lewis of Wis- j
c sin. old-time friends of Attorney G. \V.
Hoyle. paid him a brief visit this week
Landlord M. Menlhan of the V. S. Hotel. '
and son, Thomas M.. were in Healdsburg on
business last Tuesday.
Rev. L. D. Rathbone of Santa Rom Is hold
ing services at the Congregational Church.
J. Fine of Pi tnli:ma, R. L. Gibbens and J.
A. "Ward of Hermitage and Cudgre Elkins of:
Yorkville were In town on business this week
Miss Elizabeth Markell left Saturday for
IN SENATE AND HOUSE.
GROSVENOR
DEFENDS HIE
PRESIDENT
Says the Language
Attributed Was
Not Used.
{immigration and the In
dustrial Conditions of
the Country.
Jerry Simpson Boasts of Popu
list Rule, but Is Given
the Laugh.
TO BUY AN ARMOR PLANT.
As the Secretary of the Navy Is Now
Proceeding as Desired No Further
Information In Sought.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office Riggs House,
Washington, Jan. 24. i:
The House spent a couple of hours
to-day in transacting business relating
to the District of Columbia, and the
remainder of the day on the Indian
appropriation bill. During the con
sideration of the last named a lively
debate was precipitated by an allusion
made by Simpson (Pop.) of Kansas
relative to an alleged interview with
the President on the subject of im
■ .migration. Grosvenor took occasion to
J x)»ress the opinion that the President
had never used some of the language
credited to him, and the debate drifted
into a general discussion of our Indus
trial conditions, in the course of which
the strike In New England, the high
prices for wheat in Kansas and the de
, San Francisco to spend Jubilee week with her
1 friend, Miss Edith Elliot.
Golusa.
Colonel J. W. Guthrie has returned to Sac
ramento.
Dr. F. Z. Pirkey and wife have returned
from Chico and Redding early in the week.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Davis of Afton visited
Judge Moore's family Wednesday.
! Mrs. Richard Boyne has returned to San
Francisco after a visit to her parents.
i J. C. Stovall and O. H. WUcoxen of Wil
liams were here Monday.
W. F. Howell was In town this week from
the island.
Mrs. William Cutler had for a guest this
week Mrs. R. A. Moore of K»nts.
The news of the death of James Hart at
Sacramento caused much sorrow here, where
he was raised and whore he had so many
friends and relatives. He was a brother of
Judge Hart of Sacramento and of General A.
L. Hart of San Francisco.
The engagement is announced of Harry Bals
don of Grand Island to Miss Carrie Schutz of
Oakland.
J. H. Crutchen of Williams is here expert-
Ing the county books.
George E. Jones has returned to Sacramento
; after a fortnight's visit to his mother.
Mrs. Carrie Allen ls very ill and there ls
no hope of her recovery.
. ■ Golfax.
Miss Mabel Martin has returned from San
Jose.
Martin Mlschler has gone tn San Francisco.
■ D. Falconer has returned to Cortes. Nev.
Harold Louderback, son of Judge Louderback
of San Francisco, is her.- for his health.
Mrs. Belle Duncan is at San Francisco.
Miss Kate Angle is visiting at lowa Hill.
Henry Spear is here from Boca.
George J. Duden of Sacramento was here
I recently.
Miss Ada Parker Is here from Penryn.
Fresno.
David Rush of San Francisco was in Fresno I
on business last Monday.
D. M. Cats of Los Angeles is on a visit to
relatives here.
J. B. Burdell. the Petaluma banker. Is vis
iting his son here.
E. G. Chaddoek Is back from an extended
visit to the East.
• A. R. Briggs of San Francisco is looking
after his interests In Fresno.
A N. Dlckson was down from Stockton last
Tuesday.
Ed C. Roeder of Sacramento was in this
city last Tuesday.
\V. Puryea of La Grande, Or., is a late ar
rival in Fresno.
F. A. Bode, the Pander lumber man, was In
Fresno en Tuesday last.
Colonel William Forsyth is home from his
Eastern trip.
Qilrovj.
A surprise party was tendered to Miss Hen
na idd by a few friends Wednesday even
ing. January 19.
Mr- ./. R. Grant Is visiting friends in San ;
Francisco.
Mrs. Isaac Jaoobsoa is visiting her parents,
Mr. anil Mrs. Curran, In San Francisco.
Miss Keel Is home from a visit to friends
in Salinas.
Mr. and Mrs. B. A. Wardell have left Gll
roy to reside permanently in San Francisco.
Miss Edith Morgan of San Jose is the
guest of Mrs. Charles Holmes.
Mi:-? I. ill- Rea' is visiting friends in ?an
Jose. Marysville and Sacramento.
Mrs. R. Cobb has returned from San Jose,
accompanied by her sister, Mrs. R. Hall.
Mrs. Charles M. Bhortrtdse, Miss Vesta
Phortrldgc. Mrs. Clara S. Foltz of New York,
David S. Foltz, Mrs. Singleton. Mr. and Mrs.
Sam Shortridge have been constant attendants
at the bedside of Charles M. Shurtrldge at C.il
roy Hot Springs.
Qrass Valley.
Charles F.. Clinch and wife have gone to San
Francieco on a visit.
Mrs. Fred Stokes is visiting her mother.
John Blarney is laid up with an attack of
typhoid fever.
Charles Hulme and wife of Pan Francisco
are guest* of Mrs. S. D. Bosworth.
C. W. Kitts will soon leave for the Klon
dike.
P. B. Marwlck has returned from San Fran
ciico.
W. J. Crase has gone to San Francisco on
a pleasure trip.
Mr. Harvey Flynn, who hails from Canada,
Is here on a visit to Frank Hose an.l wit*.
Pamuel Granger is home from a visit to San
Francisco.
A. C. Spear of Woodvllle, Or., Is visiting his
daughter, Mrs. A. A. 'Whiteman.
}-lar\ford.
If. Hurley and wife and T. Hurley of Sanger
were here.
Mr. :m I Mrs. M V. Garcia are in Pan Fran
. lsitii.g friends.
M:.-s Dottle H> singer has returned t
home In Oak
Mrs. WUIIam Abbott ana Miss Amelia BaUt
erland are In s.\:, Franrlsco on a short visit.
W. H. Cr ■ > ; ;s f Lucas County, lowa, has lo
catod in Hai
\V. P. Rogers of Armona and Miss Maud
Penter of Lemoore were married here by Rev.
I. B. Self.
Miss Rhoda Park has returned from a visit
to Salinas. Her sister. Mrs. Newman, ac
companied her home and will visit here.
Hairy Ayers has returned from San Fran
cisco to Grange
faulting Republican officials in Ne
braska successively played their parts.
Dingley, Gtrone (Pop.) of Nebraska and
Mercer (R. ) of Nebraska, Gtroevenor
i (R.) of Ohio and Simpson (Pop.) of
Kansas participated.
At the opening of the session to-daf
Kleiberg (I).i of Tex.-is and Dockery (Dj
of Missouri called attention to the poll of
the House on the inunignition bill i>rint^-.1
in a New York paper to-day. They had
been made to favor the bin, and were
opposed tn it.
"I suggest that the roll be called," ex
claimed Cannon (Rj of Illinois, "and the
poll corrected."
"The chair thinks the jurisdiction of the
i House does not «>. beyond tht- Congres
sional Record," muttered the Speaker,
dryly.
Boutelie ill. > of Maine, chairman of tho
; Committee on Naval Affairs. r<[>'>rt><l back
the two resolutions calling upon the Sec
retary of the Navy for Information as to
the suitability of sites for making armor
plate iii tin Bouth, with the recommenda
tion that they lie on tin- table. TL<- re
port called attention to the fact that ln
vltations i;a<l been Iwswod for seated pro
posals for the land and machinery for
.-in armor-plate factory, which would be
opened January 84, 1888, and that the Sec
retary, when these were opened, would
send ;i special report to Congress oontain
: Ing all the Information, In view ot the
fact that the Secretary was proceeding to
carry out tN- law, Houtellc said h<- thought
; it iuu to call on the Secretary
! for information which be would furnish.
Two hours were consumed in th<
; sideration of -..strict business, Miter
which the House went into committee of
the whole and resumed consideration of
the (ndlan appropriation bill.
Speaking to a pro-forms, amendment,
Simpson (Pop.) of Kansas commented on
an interview with the president relative
to the strik<- in th<- cotton-mills of New
England, where the President was quoted
a.s d< precating the condition of labor and
as favoring a restriction of immicrrnri«>n.
Simpson spoke of th> report of the Agri
cultural Department experts on th<
ditlon of the residents of the slums of
New fork, in which be said the experts
allr-(?f<1 that their povertj was r\v.<- to
extravagance. The experts, he
stated that the people sometimes bought
beef Steak, wh»»rt- they could pet twic
as much nutriment out of bananas. The
upshot of Simpson's comment was that
there should be economy in governmental
! affairs.
Dingley <R.) of Maine replied in some
i good-natured remarks, in which he twit
! tod Simpson on having ceased to wail of
; the miseries of bleedinp; Kansas and being
I now looking for misery elsewhere.
"We have Populist rule in Kansas, and
there is no longer any misery out there,"
interposed Simpson.
Grosvenor (Ft.) of Ohio took exception
to Simpson's quotations from the alleged
| Interview with the President on the im
■ migration question. The alleged
: view, he said, purported to be what Pres
ident McKinley had said in a prlval
j versation. "While he did not pretend to
speak by authority he said he did not be
lieve the President had given Utterance to
I some of the alleged expressions. Quoting
the sentence which made the President
say he would use his persona! influence
with members of the House to secure the
passage of the immigration bill, he asked
if there were a member on the floor who
believed the President had said such
things.
"No, no," came In chorus from the Re-
I publieen Bide.
After completing seven pages of the bill
i the House adjourned.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1898.
.T. H Bonnam and wife of Amador County
are here visiting their daugnter, Mrs. Theo
dora Oebhiirdt, and family.
irVington.
Mr. and Mrs C.orge Bond gave a delightful
party to a number of their young friends Sat
urday evening.
Mr. Peters returned, from Pan Francisco
Monday after a few days spent at that place.
Mrs. It Hasmussen and little child are In
San Francisco on a visit.
William M Kcany visited In Livermore Mon
day.
Ms! Tolka MUI * r 1S UP at Call8to » a on a vlßlt t0
Professor Ingram was In San Francisco
Monday.
E. J. Ptelnmetz of Warm Spring was in
town Monday. ■
George MpCalvey of San Francisco spent a
few days with relatives in town
A number of the young friends of Miss Allie
Meyers tendered her an enjoyable party Mon
day evening, It being her eighteenth" birth
day.
V. riekson of San Francisco visited In
town Sunday.
Newar^Mc^. 13 - WCre *»"'"* ln
Mr. and Mrs. Christensen and children and
Mrs. Roderick visited in Centerville Sunday
vm?" H. Ea £ on has purchased a ranch In" the
hills above Sunol and is now living then.
J^arvjsViile.
Judge L. T. Crane of Brownsville !• in town
on business.
Mrs N. T. Pmlth. formerly Mra. E. C Rois
Is flatting relatives here.
Frank Curry and bride (formerly Neva Rld
ley) are home from their wedding trip
Mrs. Max Bernstein has gone to San Fran
cisco to visit her mother. Mrs. Carrie Cham
pion.
Thomns Holmes of Hock Farm Sutter
County, and Miss Pena Kettman uf" San Jo"
were married at the latter place Thursday, the
•A'tn lust.
Miss Annie Stone, younger daughter of Dr.
C. E. Stone, has gone to Leohlers Landing,
v»as>v, to spend a year with her cousin Mrs
Lvchler.
I. B. Southworth. a pioneer teacher of
tins city, has |dm to the Hay to reside per
manently with her daughter, on account of
falling health..
Miss Wolf of Dobbins Ranch passed through
to Ban }■ ranolFco Sun. lay.
little BusttUos of La Porto will spend
cJVv wiDter wUh lfra M R - Garcia of this
ROT. Father Plug of Secramento was the
guest cf Rev. M. Coleman Sunday
Mr* M Clark of Menanoo. Mich.. Is the
guest of her father. W. 3. Vineyard, near
Smart »vll!».
Mrs. M. Picrson and Mrs. J. Lowery are In
Pan Fran^isr-. for the Golden Jubilee
Mrs Parr.h Tohln and Mrs. Mehl. pioneer
lady residents, are on the sick list
Miss Mattle Blackburn of Portland Or is
visiting her uncle. W. P. Harkey. and family.
|^!er\!o Park
Professor Julius Goebel. who has resided
here for a number of years, has removed to
W. a. Doyle and bride have returned from
th"!r honeymoon.
Joseph Prlncervllle has moved to Redwood
C<»y to reside permanently.
M. S. Clarke of lowa will make this his per
manent residence.
Judge Aggler, Messrs. Smith and Lenehan
of Pan Jose, paid an official visit to Menlo
Council, Y. M. 1., Saturday evening last
Mrs. R. H. Duden Is visiting friends in San
Francisco.
•Court Menlo, A. O. F.. Installed officers for
the term Wednesday evening. Large delega
tions were present from Redwood City and
San Mateo.
E*errr Eyre win occupy his suburban resi
dence here on the Ist of February.
JMorxterevj.
Miss Emily Mnrquette of King City is the
guest of Mrs. A. Fa. Men.
Miss Kate Pfeiffer has pone to Merced, where
she will reside in the future.
Miss Frances Malarln haa returned home
after a two weeks' stay with Mr*. S. F Gell
in Salinas.
U. S. Grant and wife of San Diego are spend
ing the week at Hotel del Monte.
T. J. Field, vice-president of the Bank of
Monterey, was in San Francisco during the
week.
The Mieees Burr have returned from Ran
Pranclsco. where they have been for the past
tiirte weeks.
/Merced "
R. W. Gould o? Vlsalla was a visitor to Mer
ced Wednesday.
Henry Miller, the cattle king, was in Merced
on Monday looking after his extensive inter
fcStS.
Tueadi? Whlta of Banta Rif a was in town on
< T. Dootoy of Lp Grand visited MerrM
\\ ednesday.
It \ T Hv.'.n and »-ride returned from San
Franc latui lay night.
Miss Belle Smythe vi»!tf-d with friends at Le
Grand the tirnt of the Week
■ -1 J. J. Stevinaon of Hills Ferry was In
town last Friday.
trade Hnll returned *o her home at
Stockton on Friday, after a r'.casant visit with
1 friends.
Napa.
City Surveyor Tilton of San Francisco, whose
MORGAN PAYS
HIS RESPECTS
TO CLEVELAND
Criticizes the Stand of
the Ex-President
on Annexation.
Capable of Declaring One
Policy and Carrying
Out Another.
Sending of Blount to Honolulu
Styled "A Piece or Duplicity
Without Parallel."
WHITE TAKES A HAND.
Speaks F«cetlously of the Futility and
Folly of Discussing Hawaii in
Executive Session.
Bpec'.aJ Dlspatrh to The Call.
Call Office, Rlgrgrs House,
Washington, Jan. 24.
The proposed annexation of Hawaii
was soineu li.it extensively reviewed
l>y Morgan of Alnbamp. to-day while
speaking to a question "f personal
privilege. The Alabama Senator had
been represented as saying in execu
tive session substantially that ex-
President Cleveland was in favor of
Hawaiian annexation. This statement
had called out a denial from Mr. Cleve
land, and in support of his original
statement, Morgan addressed the Sen
ate at great length.
One of the features of the session
was an elaborate speech by Turpie of
Indiana in support of the Teller reso
lution.
The pension appropriation bill was
residence is near Napa, has recivered from a
sev.re illness.
I>r H. I>. Lathrop. the venerable Episcopal
clergyman who has long been at Crystal
Springs, near St. Helena. Buffering from
is report* i convalescent.
T. L. Rutherford of Rutherford, this county,
w^nt to San Francisco on the steamer Zin
fandel Monday ni^ht.
City Counrilman John Even, who has been in
Kan Francisco doctoring for Illness for several
W«eks past, returned Monday evening greitly
tmprw • '■ I" health.
At? .in. y K. M. I'arstow had buslrless at the
StnteV metropolis Tv« F.'ny.
Oscar Muller !-'ft Sunday to take a position
in the Dnioa Iron Works.
County Treasurer G. F. Gardner left Tuesday
for a laanll of rest at Harbin Springs, Lake
County.
Miss >.Tary Ames returned Sunday from a
visit with her s!?t'T In Portland. Or.
W. Meinlnger of B Paaa, Tex., arrived Tues
day to visit hip old friend. Or. A. Kahn
Miss Lou Jobe left for San Francisco Sun
day to see her brother, Moses Jobe, prior to
his permanent deaartara from that city for
Seattle.
, George Israelsky is up from Snn Francisco
on a visit to his mother.
Mrs A. rri-utia of Fresno ls visiting Mr and
Mrs. J. Wildherger.
Mrs. P. Mnher Is visiting friendß In Stockton
Miss Ina Lee of Santa Rosa is the guest of
Mrs. E. B. Grldley.
Pioneer Henry Fowler, a local capitalist, goes
to San Francisco Friday to participate in the
Jubilee celebration.
B M. Newcomb of the Oat Hill quicksilver
mines, and wifa visited in Napa Wednesday.
Pacific Qrov'e.
A. 8 Chamberlain of Reno, Nev., is here for
the remainder of the winter.
Mrs O. M. Loeka i-ame down from San Fran
cisio Monday and is at Xl Carmelo Hotel for
the remainder of the winter.
Miss Alice Trask is the guest of Mrs. Thomas
Ross.
Miss Mabel Lloyd w*nt to Santa Clara Mon
day to act as bridesmaid at the wedding of a
friend.
Mrs. Tierce, the Southern Pacific ticket ag»nt
at this place, has gone to Pan Francisco for a
two weeks' vacation
L. I> Mori n. the Southern Pacific civil engi
neer, who. with hi? corps of surveyors, has
been remapping the Seventeen-mile drive and
Pacific Improvement Company's land in this
vicinity, made a (lying trip to San Francisco
during the week.
P.ev. L. IV Mansfield of San Jose arrived
here this we< k and will take charge of St
Mary's Episcopal church, the pulpit of whl-h
was left vacant by the departure of Rev (_'
S. Fackenthal.
Fed Bluff.
Sirs. Arthur Baker Is home from San Fran
cisco, having entirely recovered her health
Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Runyon ' are in San
Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. John Parrish. who have been
the guests of Mr. and Mrs. Henry W. Brown,
started Tuesday for Southern California be
fore returning to their home in Illinois.
Mr. and Mrs. C. J. Brady are In San Fran
cisco. They were accompanied by Miss Mamie
Urady.
L. L. McCoy went to San Francisco Tuesday
Mrs. McCoy will go down Saturday.
Mrs. D S. Cane entertained a few friends
very pleasantly on Monday afternoon at pro
gressive euchre. Mrs. S. I. Freeman won the
first prize, a handsome paper knife, and a lone
hard prise «■...- awarded to Mr*. 1... L. McCoy.
General Cblpman arrived from San Francisco
on Sunday.
Thomas Joll of New Zealand arrived here on
Wednesday afternoon on a visit to Mr* Will
lam Duncan and family.
Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Carlson have returned
from Chlco.
j^edWood City.
Mr. and Mrs. L,. J. Frank have pone to Pan
Francisco, where they will reside during the
remainder of the winter months.
Mrs. James Coleman has returned home from
a three weeks' visit in Stockton.
Clarence Tynan and Annie I^eiehton, both
of Salinas, were married at this place on
Wednesday last.
Mrs. M. A. Cloud was called to GeyservlUe
on Sunday by the death of her mother Mrs.
Wllsey.
Henry Thompson has pone to San Francisco
where he will he employed by the Sunset Tele
phone Company. " - .
Redding.
I Thomas D. Bryan of the Golden Eagle Hotel
| has returned from San Francisco.
Major Lyons- baa been taken to San Fran
cisco for medical treatment.
Miss M Orpeper Is here from San Franclscc.
Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Barnes are here from
Ban Francisco on a visit to relatives
t l^l^liSdln^ of Willow I. VlS ' tln * rela-
H. W. Brooks, bookkeeper- for the O. E. Nash
Company, was married to Miss Mary Winsell
a popular young lady, last Sunday evening
, Dr. '%." Connolley Is spending a few days
In San Francisco.
Mr and Mrs. William McKeag and daughter
or Shasta are spending a f*.w days in San
r ranclsco.
clIc h o!°fs o ?n":e?dTng - an attorney of San Fran-
Miss At. hie Green has returned from Sacra
mf-nto.
n£?ftf}!Lt O a H J-ambson. superintendent of
the United tate . fi>h J >rles at Balrd and Battle
(■•mX. thli cc ° untv - ha a returned from a brief
Mslt to San Francisco.
Sacramervto.
Francisco"" 11 * 8 FaHS ' 3 v!sltlnii; frlp n^s In Pan
called up and debated for nearly three
hours, but was not passed, the Senate
adjourning until to-morrow pending
the disposal of a point of order made
agp'nst an amendment offered by Al
len of Nebraska to the pending bill
Walthall of Mississippi presented the
credentials of H. I>. Money as Senator
from Mississippi, to succeed the late
Senator George, and the oath was ad
ministered to Money, who has been sit
ting as Senator under appointment from
the Governor of his State.
Morgan of Alabama, under a question of
personal privilege, rose at the conclusion
of Turpie a address " make a statement,
or which he had earlier given notice Mor
gan referred to a dispatch from Prince
ton. N. J.. published yesterday, quoting
ex-President Cleveland as denying a
statement said to have been made by
Morgan in an executive session of the
Senate to the effect that Mr. Cleveland
was once in favor of the annexation of
.Hawaii.
"No statement for publication was
made by me" saM Mr. Morgan, "hence
..lr. ( leveland in accepting su.li a t ;i t .■
mont without llrst ascertaining from me
what the fa( ts were shows his willingness
,t ex pane statements in Hawaii
an matters.'
Morgan said that it was well known to
■ some of Mr. Cleveland's friends during
i his first administration that he was In fa
vor not only of the annexation of Hawaii
but also of Cuba. »
"I cannot." declared Morgan, "accept
Mr. Cleveland's statement that he was al
, ways opposed to Hawaiian annexation I
can name at least one confidential friend
of Mr. Cleveland who will support me in
the belief that the statement I* not true"
Morgan then presented an extended re
view of Mr. Cleveland's connection as
President, With Hawaiian affairs in' the
course of which he denounced the ac
crediting of Special Commissioner Biount
to tho Government at Honolulu as "a
piece of duplicity without parallel "
Morgan reiterated his belief that Mr
Cleveland was In favor of annexation but
that Mr. Dole's honesty forced the Presi
dent to abandon his policy of overthrow
ing the provisional Hawaiian Govern
. ment. The correspondence he read he
said, laid the foundation for the broad
predicate that Mr. Cleveland was capable
of declaring one policy and Intending to
carry Into effect another.
"White of California facetiously referred
to Morgan's discussion of the Hawaiian
; question in open session and declared that
the Senator's remarks showed the utter
futility and folly of confining the discus
sion of such matters to the executive ses
sions of the Senate.
Vest of Missouri thought it would be
unjust to ex-President Cleveland if the
fact were not nt this time called to the
Senate's attention that a resolution was
passed by Congress in 1895 relative to this
Government's policy concerning foreign
affairs, which. Vest conceived, divided be
tween the President end Congress the re
sponsibility for the Administration's at
; titude upon the Hawaiian matter.
In accordance with notice previously
i given Perkins of California called up the
pension appropriation bill.
Allen took Perkins' point of order as
the pretext for an extended speech in
which he lampooned the Republican par
| ty, declaring in the course of his remarks
that the Republicans were the worst eno
■ my the old soldier had.
Perkins said in reply that the Senator
; from Nebraska had taken the opportu
nity offered to deliver a political speech
when it was a well-known fact that the
| Republican party was the friend of the
j old soldier.
The fee-simile A^F //^ .*. "* *& on ever wrapper
signature of &£*&§s&&&/& of C ASTORIA.
Mr?. Andrew W.i.=son of Seattle Is a guest
at the home of Mr and Mrs. H. G. Smith.
L. M. Shwoerer and daughter have re
turned from a visit to San Fm:.
Miss Daisy Patrick. who has been visiting
her mother for several months, has returned
to her home in Los Angeles.
Royal T. Howard and Mis; Belle Daggett of
Folsom were united in marriage last Wednes
day at the home of the bride's parents in Fol
■OSB. Mi«f Luiu Oeawell was bridesmaid and
X A. Bqaler ivas i.est mm. The ceremony
ormed by Rev. F Bhetdoa.
Mrs. E. P. Ooigao gave a reception last week
in honr.r of Mrs. Johnson. Mr. Colgan's mother,
at their home on Sutter Terr..
Mrs I>. Halsey of Woodland was the guest
of Mrs. T. Jones during the early part of this
week.
Mra. Lena Carroll Nicholson of San Fran
cisco has formed a class In vocal music in this
city.
Wedding bells again rang out last Wednes
day afternoon and t"!d of the marriage of one
of Sacramento's mo?t charming girls lo the
popular and genial Jehu V. Maxweil uf San
Francisco.
Salinas.
Mrs John Armstrong has returned from San
ta Rosa, where she has been for the past
month in the Altrurla Sanitarium.
Mrs. C. B. Dawson went to San Lucas the
early part of this week to see her sister, Mrs
J. F. Berry, who is dangerously ill.
Johnnie Tholcke, the little 6-year-old son of
J. W. Tholcke. who was run over by a car
riage and severely injured some days ago is
recuperating rapidly. It vill be many weeks
before the lad will be well a^ain.
Mr and Mrs. G. B. Granger, accompanied
by Mrs. Granger's two sons. Kugene and Will
Jeft.'ry. arrived In this city from San Jose
and will now make this their future home.
H. H. Mason, a prominent citizen of this
city, is dangerously ill at his home on Main
street with a complication of diseases.
A. B. Spreckela of Baa Francisco and W.
Willoughby of Watsonville were In this city
this week inspecting the work done out at the
factory.
C. Waters, superintendent of the Spreckels
sugar factory, has moved his family to this
city. Mrs. Waters. Miss Waters and Miss
Lizzie Cook of Watsonville arrived Wednes
day.
Dave Ooot—ll. manager of Hale & Co.'s
stores in this city, has returned from a busi
ness trip to San Francisco and San Jose.
A theater party was given Tuesday night
by Mr N. K. 1 'avis prior to his departure for
Fresno. Those present were: MUses Fran
cesra, Malarln, Giel, Eva and Edith Nichols.
Mrs. J. J. Wyatt and Messrs. Will Norris. N.
K. Davis, J. J. Wyatt. A. Harris.
Santa Ana.
Charles Foster of Omaha Is here en a visit
•with his mother, Mrs. Z. P. Foster.
J. Frank Graves, formerly of the Santa Fe
office In this City, but now of Oro Grande, is
here, accompanied by his bride. After a few
days' visit with Mr. Graves' mother they will
return to Oru Grande.
W. L. Watts, field assistant of the State
Mining Bureau, with quarters In San
Francisco, was in town la.-<t week.
Mr. and Mrs. VY. J. Freeman have gone to
Corona to reside.
Miss Maude Manley returned to Los Angeles
Tuesday after a week's visit with her friend.
Miss Maude Mosbaugh.
Sar\ Luis Obispo.
Mr. and Mrs. E. "W. H we left Thursday
Mr Howe resided in San
Francisco In 1^ and he Is naurally attracted
Jubilee celebration.
Miss Lena Tofrnini has returned from a visit
with friends and relatives in San Franrisco.
W. 11.1 1. Bond of S:ir: Francisco has accepted
■n in a |0,-al dothlnj
Mr and Mrs Keach "f 9tMingfield, 111., nre
the quests of Mrs. K -a. h's aunt, Mrs. Charles
Phoenix, in Arroyo <Jran.t.-.
Paul A. Blnshelmer, one o-f the San Luis
student! at th- State I-niversity. has b»
as associate editor of the Californian
rspaper Issued by the university
B J. Si!\a of Oakland is ■ f her
parents. Mr. an.l Mrs. J Si!\a
Thompson has been elected presi
dent of the Edna Literary Society and MU.-,
Annie I^iwther secretary.
Mn <". I: Masai Is visiting friends In San
Francisco.
Sar\ta Clara.
Miss Eva Atwell of Mountain View is the
)uald.
M;-< BU k i I Ban .Tn.in, who has heen the
cu>-< of Mr. and Mrs. K. H. AMen, left last
we. k f. r Chii-a^o.
Mr. an 1 Mrs Murray Baimden are visiting
in • taktand and Ban Fraoeiai
Miss niarkmar is spendinp a vacation with
her grandparents, I>r. an.l Mrs. Warburton
Miss <>1 i-. .- Wright of Paso Rohles has been
visitlnß friends during the last we.-k.
ra, Taylor ..f New YorK City are the
i ■ of relatives here.
Mr.and Mrs H. A. Myers of HolHster have
been visiting Mr. and Mrs. R F. Thompson.
Mr. Will Finley has returned to Portland.
Or., after a visit to relatives here.
Mrs. Daw Is the ja:e?t or relatives here.
Sar\ Jose.
Mr. ami Mrs. F. D. McPherson of Santa
Cruz spent several days of their honeymoon
In the city during the we.»k.
Mis« Pauline Taylor an-! Rev. P. v. Fisher
were married at the Centella M. E. Church
Thursday afternoon.
Mis= Susie Hess of San Luis Obispo is spend
ing the winter here.
NOT BACKED BY
DICK CROKER
Congressman Bailey De
nies a Story Concern
ing Senator White.
Selection of the Californian as
Chairman of the Demo
cratic Committee.
Anrl the Texas Statesman Also Talks
About Getting Gold Men Back
in the Fold.
Special Dlspatoh to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Jan. 24.
The selection of Senator White as
chairman of the Democratic Congres
sional Committee Ftill serves to create
tr.lk in political circles here in Wash
ington. This is the only place in the
country where that committee really
cuts a figure, and therefore the matter
of its organization is important. The
Call told the real side of the story of
the fight, and now comes the New
York World and springs a story to the
effect that the Italian hand back of the
White fight was that of Richard
Croker, and insinuated that he had
the active assistance of Joe Bailey of
Texas, who, aecord'ng to the World,
is not a silver man. The story has
brought out the following statement
from Bailey:
"The story is absurd on the face of
it. because it declares that I have al
wa\s been opposed to the Chicago pla f
fuim, while as a mutter of fact I was
one of the first, if not the fir^t man in
this country, to Rive an unqualified in
dorsement of that document and to de
clare that* lt was sound as a whole and
sound in every part. The man who
manufactured tli c story must have
known thai it was a pure invention.
He must have kno\\n that so far from
Senator White's election having been
dictated by Mr. Croker and his
friends. the votes of Senator
Murphy ol New York and of Senator
Smith of New Jersey were both cast
against Senator White.
•The first suggestion of Senator White
Miss Addle Ogier ls in Baltimore for an ex-,
tended stay. '
Mrs. Mollie Rush of Chicago is visiting Mrs.
j. N. Brown.
The marriage of Mrs. Kate Hitchcock and
Hugh O'Xelll was solemnized Tuesday.
James P. Treadwell afid C. C, Coolidce. who
left here several weeks ago for a trip around
the world, are at St. Augustine. Fla.
Mrs. C. T. Springer is visiting at Gilroy. She
will Join her husband in Denver shortly.
Miss Mabel Andrews was in San 'Francisco
Tuesday.
A. C. Bassett of Menlo Park spent the week
in Snn Jomm.
Mis^ Mary Bean ls the guest of Mrs. M. A.
Cooltdge.
Mrs. William P. Dougherty and children are
making a short stay with relatives In San
Francisco.
Dartd M. Burnett is visiting his parents in
San Francisco.
Santa Barbara.
Mr. nnd Mrs. J. B. Blake of San Luis Obtapo
are in the city.
Dr. S. Smith of Baison Spa. N. V., haa ar
.rived in Santa Barbara for the season, accom
panied by his family.
Mrs. Q, W. Otto, accompanied by her
iiriither, G. Sherman, has departed for New
York City on a visit to her relatives.
M M. Gfegg of Monterey, Cal., is here for
a short sojourn.
Miss Livingston of New York City has ar
rive! here and will spend the winter.
Miss Cammull of Rhode Island will spend
the season In the Channel City.
I. S. Grant Jr. and wife and Miss Porter of
San Diego are spending a short time In Santa
Barbara.
Mrs. J. L. Marshall of Pasadena is visiting
friends here.
Santa JRosa.
J. H. Hunt of San Francisco was In town
Wednesday.
Mrs. Sampson B. Wright and daughter spent
part of the week In San Francisco.
Miss Blanche Hoffer spent Wednesday In
San Francisco.
Mrs. J. Elliott and family, who have been
spending a few months at Carson City, have
returned to Santa Rosa.
I. B. Peck visited the bay city on Thursday.
Dr. Frank Cowan of Fresno Is visiting his
brother. Attorney W. F. Cowan.
Hon. Fletcher A. Cutler of Eureka is visiting:
friends in this city.
S. A. Kendall, the Los Angeles capitalist,
has returned to his southern home after spend
ing several weeks here.
Sonoma.
Mrs. Jones returned from San Francisco last
Tuesday.
Mr. and Mrs. Collier of Berkeley are visiting
Mrs. A. McHarney.
Herman Sclileck of Glen Ellen visited Sono
ma last week.
Miss Vlnnle Morris has returned from her
visit to Petaluma.
The engagement of Miss Agnes Duhrlng and
T. C. Ryland has been announced. Miss Dv fi
ring is the accomplished daughter of Mrs. I>.
Duhrlng. of this place, while the prospective
groom is a young capitalist of San Jose
Peter Gonlenker of Glen Ellen, and who Is
now attending the State University, expects to
I— for the Klondike shortly after gradu
ating, next May.
Among the Sonomaltes who have left for the
frozen north are A. A. Enke and F. H. Ehle
ben.
Mrs. J. H. Sacket and Mr?. X. Wherat of
' unty, dr.. were visitors at the Cheney
resiiler.of last wt-ek.
Mr and Mrs. M.-ir'am of Schellville were In
San Francisco last week.
Suisurv
Mr. nnd Mr?. E. B. Hughes and rhtldrpn nf
Winters were hera the first of this week to
visit Mrs. J ii Sanders, who has been serious
ly 111 for the past two weeks.
QetHgs Unco, a prominent cattle dealer of
Solano bounty, has been confined to his bed
at the Arlington Hotel for the past week with
ill:,, ss.
William Pierce returned last Friday evening
from the Hawaiian Islands, where he has been
for about a month.
W. B. I'.iih. an employe of W. & Lt. Pierce
in SatoUD Valley, had his leg broken by a kick
from a horse f"ur months ago, and compllca
tlonj resulting troia the shattered condition of
DC neoessltat>-.l amputation of the limb a
few days ago
Louis Sweetzer, son of A. I. Sweetzer, the
Cordelia eapltaliat who drifted out to ser> ar..i
was lost a few weeks ago, is here from Idaho.
Julare.
G. W. Williams nnd Mlps Emma Mpody were
quietly married Wednesday evening by Rev.
H. K. Wilhite.
Fr.'.l I.a 1-aud has gone to Stockton, and
from there will start for the Klondike with a
{•arty of friends.
J H. Morton is here from San Francisco.
I'rotessur Edward H. Griir«s of Stanford
lectured to a larife audience Friday night.
Joe Lustijc. Tulare's never-fail-weather
■harp, predict* abundant rains.
IflM Lulu Butts of Visalla is conducting a
class of music in TuWire.
Mis. 11. K. Williams and mother. Mrs.
Smith, are visiting friends in San Francisco.
EL B. Lelb, attorney of San Jose, spent Satur
day iij Tulare.
< '. R. S . tt. city attorney, has purchased the
W. W. Wright property and will proceed to
improve the same.
Uriah Wood, H. Needy and L. Rothermel of
San Jose are here on a business v'eit.
W. H. Davidson and M. S. Wapy of Bakers
fiold spent Monday In Tulare.
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Leach left Tuesday for
as chairman of the committee came
from Judge Ifaddox of Georgia, a ar
dent free silver man and an uncompro
mising friend of the Chicago platform.
The next gentleman who talked with
me on the subject was Clayton of Ala
bama, who made the minority report
from the committee on organizations
in the Chicago convention, upon which
Senator Daniel was made the tempo
rary chairman of that body instead of
Senator Hill. The country does not
need to be told that men like Maddox
and Clayton do not betray the Demo
cratic organization, and it is within the
knowledge of everybody who has taken
any trouble to investigate the matter
that the committee at the very first
session adopted the Chicago platform
as the basis of their campaign, which
it was organized to conduct. Our po
sition now. as it always has been, that
we want the gold men to come back
into the party; but if they come back
at all, they must come with th* dis
tinct understanding that they are ex
pected hereafter to support the nomi
nees of the party, and that we have no
compromise whatever to offer them on
the platform. With this understanding
everybody is invited to join us, and no
body is wanted to join us except upon
this understanding."
Of 4300 applications for divorce In
Michigan last year, 1400 were granted.
NEW TO-DAY.
\A/E /W^^V/F^ri FROM THE
HAVE /TIUVC/U 900 BLOCK.
To 809 Market Street, Flood Building, Corner Fourth and Market.
No Ftudtr.ts or inexperienced men to do your work. We guarantee all work and the most
courteous treatment, with prices less than one-half given you by any lirst-class dentists in
OUR PRICES FOR THE NEXT 30 DAYS WILL BE:
FULL PET OF TEETH for $4 SO up! SILVER FILLING Be up
GOLD CROWNS. 22k 3 50 up[ BOLD FILLING !. 75c UD
BRIDGE WORK, per Tooth 3 50 up :; CLEANING TEETH , 50c up
By leaving your order for Teeth in the morning you can get them the same day.
No charge for Extracting Teeth when plates are ordered.
A \_ *.»'•! . Work done as well at night as by daylight by
vm \ Vl} / the modern electrical devices used here. Lady ilv. W%
V v#'j?l7 attendant. A physician always in attendance. v«l \TI
.\\\W 'ik'S • DON'T FORGET THE NUMBER,- OtlV/a > / "
809 MARKET STREET, COR. FOURTH, < V^M*S'
-~r--^S f ''fv^ Second Floor, Flood Bulletin*
#fc*^T' " nD T C OTDfIMO '^~-^i'f : & fec_
J^y^W^\^ Reception Room 7. UMi Ti L. oTRONGi S^^K^ —
/*Jr / .\ \ ' Office hours — a. m. to 10 p. m. Sundays — <"' >' X ' *^v\
'■' to YZ m.
! PERFECTION.:. 5 UNITED STATES
I CUISINE? SERVICE 1 LAUNDRY,
* *
* '' —IN THE— * ' / .OFFICE,
ladies' grill* ___^ 1004 Market St.,
I f-VPALACE. |. m '""tar Powell.
2 Direct Entrance from Market Street * .
♦********************#*#***# Tolepupwo, Sou.t3a. 4ao,
Pan Francisco, where they will visit with
their daughters.
Watsonville.
twf^tsr^sSrisss? have moved to
w^TrSta^^pTta's 8 Vi9itlnSr h - k - GOOd -
Francisco" 0 Mendia la vlsUlns friends in San
Mrs. W. A -, Troftnn was at Gonzales this
w '' . k °,n, n a visit to her sister. Mrs. Dr. Gordon,
t i \J" Pa:(lee has gone to Spreckels to
work in the railroad office
Mrs. William Greenbaum of Soleaad was
here this week visiting friends.
♦ Mr. and Mrs. Redmond and daughter, with
their niece. Miss Baker of Oregon, are the
priests of Mrs. Redmond's sister, Mrs. George
Holman.
Miss Lutie Osborns has returned from an ex
tendei visit to San Francisco.
George W. Hart went to Spreckels this week
to Join the clerical. force at the sugar factory.
Winters.
D. Eisner is spending the week in San
Francisco.
M. Dinke'spiel of Crows Landing spent the
past week in Winters.
J. L. Duprey went to San Francisco Mon
dar.
Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Harlnn of Fresno are
visiting at the home of T. W. GuthVie.
Misses Addle Cooper and Nancy Wolfskin
were visitors in Sacramento.
O. E. Merchant and family of Paso Robles
have removed to their home near Winters.
Woodland.
Richard Alrp was an arrival last Friday.
Frank Hul>bnrd has returned home.
W. J. Parker visited San Francisco last
wof-k.
afn F. R. Mills was an arrival from Wood
bridge '.Mst week.
aflsa Pearl Gray of San Leandro is the guest
of her sister. Mrs. C. 1. Nelson.
J. O. Weed was an arrival Wednesday.
Mrs. I>r. Haven was an arrival Tuesday
night from Sr.n Francisco.
J. L. Patterson. Iluch and George Martin.
Mrs. Esther Torrence and X. B. La r.i ie left
this week for the sold fields of Alaska.
J. C. Ball is in Sacramento.
Visalia.
Mr?. Nellie Kirby of Fresno Is visiting Miss
Ivy Weston and sister of this place.
Mlsb Maggie Curran of San Francisco is
visiting friends nenr hen*.
Mrs. R. G. Barrel] of Fresno Is visiting with
her daughter, Mrs. D. E. Perkins.
Quite a number of our citizens have already
gone to San Francisco to attend the Golden
Jubilee.
Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Gibson have gone to Lc.3
Angeles to spend their honeymoon.
Dr. C. K. Bernhard. the county physician,
and his wife are visiting in San Francisco
Mrs. D. S. Llpscomb and Miss Lucy Weathers
are spending ten days with San Francisco
friends.
Albert Keeler, who disappeared from this
vicinity nearly two years ago, as suddenly re
turntrd a few days a*ro. He had been to t)aw
jon City and has taken up several claims on
the Klondike.
Ventura.
D. P. Hatch, attorney, of Los Angeles, was
here on legal business.
K. P. Foster, president Ventura Bank, has
returned from an extended visit to Eastern
cities.
MDm Katherlne Lynch returned Sunday af
ter spending several weeks in San Lula
i >hlepo.
Hon. L. F. Eastin. editor Ventura Inde
pendent, and ex-Assernhlyman Thomas A.
!: cc are In S;.n Francisco.
"Miss Mary Rico han returned home from
the I'niversity of Ann Arbor, owing to lli
lwalth.
Leslie Chaffee, a prominent merchant, is In
S»n Francis.!..
Mis* Cora and Maggie McGonlgle are vislt
ine in Ban Francisco.
Bid If. Hlrvhfelder, a large shoe dealer, Is
In San Francisco.
Xl M. Wagner, general manager of the
S<ilari estate, is in San Francisco.
ICiai Hertha Roth is visiting in San Fran
cisco.
C. L.. Bard, president State Medical Society,
has gone to San Francisco.
J^eW j^exico.
Ex-Senator E. G. Ross Is living on his ranch
near Albuquerque anil Is writing: a history of
the impeachment of Andrew Johnson.
Don Matins Contreras of Socorro Counts Is
lying dangerously ill of rheumatic fever at his
home near La Joya.
P. B. Harroun of Santa Fe is moving to
Albuquerque and will make this place his
home hereafter.
Archbishop Chapelle of this Territory has
been transferred to New Orleans, and will
leave for his new field of labor some time dur
ing the coming spring. .
J. T. McLaiiKhlin, the mine manager of San
Pedro, has been Jin town for the last few
days.
Major Van Doren of Bluewater has been
spending the week in Albuquerque.
■ Mr. and Mrs. L. D. Miller have moved into
their new home.
NAMES OF LYNCHERS GIVEN
TO THE GRAND JURY
Witness Tells of Six Men Who Figured in
the Killing of Über Near
Genoa.
CARSON. Jan. 24.— The Grand Jury in
the Tber case called Daniel Taylor this
morning. Ho gave the names of the six
men who left the Diamond Valley saw
mills, in Alpine County, to participate in
the lynching. The officers got Taylor
over the _line from Alpine County to
W alley Spring on some pretext, having
K'«t his story, and then, serving papery,
got him before the jury. He said that
while six men got in the wagon to go to
Genoa, two became weak-kneed and quit
at Gardnerville. On returning the wagon
upset and broke the collar bone of one of
the occupants. The affair was kept quiet.
The guilty nun are anticipating an in
dictment and are engaging lawyers. They
are trying to get up an indignation meet
ing at Gardnerville to protest against the
action of the Grand Jury in case indict
ments are returned. The jury will report
at noon to-morrow and the excitement in
Douglas County is intense.
It is estimated that North Carolina
mills are consuming annually 50,000
1 more bales of cotton than are produced
I in the State.
1112
THOUSANDS
ALREADY ON
THE TRAIL
Argonauts Knocking
at the Klondike
Gateways.
Over Six Hundred Pas
sengers Landed by a
Single Steamship.
Two Fortune Hunters Lose
Their Lives on the City
of Seattle.
RUSHING TO THE LAKES.
Conditions More Favorable for the
Journey to Dawson Than They
Were Last Year.
Special DUpatch to The Call.
JT T N*KAT T . Alaska. Jan. 20 (via Se
attle, Wash.. Jan. 24. by steamship
Pity of Topeka) — The rush has opened
p.nd the battering of the gates of the
Klondike has bepun. The steamship
City of Seattle on h n r last trip up car
ried over 800 passengers, it Is said,
thousrh it was officially announced that
she had but 554. This large ship had
the first casualties of the season on the
voyage north. She came into Juneau
with one passenger missing and one
corpse aboard. The name of the luck
less passenger could not be learned,
and he was not missed until a day
after the time he must have dis
appeared. He was a steerage pas
senger and became very ill from sea
sickness. The last seen of him was in
the evening while he was leaning over
the rail of the forward deck. It is
thought that in a spasm of retching he
lost his balance and tumbled into the
sea. This was on the second day out
from Seattle.
After the ship left Fort Wrangel
Jule Gagner, a French-Canadian of
Montreal going to the Klondike with
a companion, as previously related, was
killed almost instantly. The heavy
headlight on the foremast parted from
its lashings, fell and struck Gagner,
who stood immediately under it, on the
head. He fell to the deck as though
struck by a catapult and never spoke
again. The man lost overboard had
no friends on the ship, but a friend of
Gagner had the remains brought
ashore and made arrangements for
\heir burial.
Slow but steady progress is being
made over the Chilkoot and White
passes from Dyea and Skaguay re
spectively. Parties are occasionally
held a day and sometimes two days at
Sheep Camp and The Scales by furious
storms on the summit. These mountain
passes are the greatest barriers to the
Klondike. When once conquered the
remainder of the journey to Dawson is
comparatively ea*y. in the spring,
summer and fall it is then a float down
500 miles of lakes and rivers. There
will be more accommodations of every
description on the trails this season
than last, and if the trails do not be
come blocked, obstruction to progress
should be less than last year. The
tramways at Dyea will not be prepared
to handle through freight for some
weeks yet at best. Many unforeseen
obstacles have arisen.
The steamships City of Topeka and
Al-Ki brought up large crowds and
heavy cargoes, dumping at least 1300
people into Dyea and Skaguay in four
days. There will be from one to three
ships a day in three or four weeks.
Most of the Klondikers are striving to
get their outfits to Lakes Lindeman or
Bennett and to remain there vintil the
ice breaks up and then go down to
Dawson with the water, if they find
they cannot make headway over the
Bnow and ice through the bitter cold.
Edwin Goodall of the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company is a passenger
south on the City of Topeka, bound for
San Francisco. He says the wagon
road being constructed at Skaguay is
a good one. He has been looking over
the situation at the head of Lynn Canal
from a transportation point of view.
He expects his company to handle
about 7000 passengers a month from
Seattle. Tacoma, Portland and San
Francisco. The Canadian police will
not permit any one to pass Taglsh
House on Lake Tagish, on the way to
the Klondike, with less than 600 pounds
of provisions.
B. M. Behrends and A. C. Vandoren
of Juneau have started a relief expedi
tion of 100 tons of provisions to Daw
son. They do not expect to get all of it
to Dawson much before June 1, but say
-.vith confidence that they will beat any
other relief expedition, government or
otherwise.
Steamboat men of Alaska do not ex
pect that the whalohack Columbia will
ever get to the head of Lynn Canal.
They say the whaleback is too long and
requires too much sea room to be able
to come through the narrow, winding
channels of Alaska waters.
The City of Topeka carries down a
small number of Klondikers, but they
left Dawson at a date earlier than the
previous party which went south and
report no change in the situation on the
Yukon. HAL HOFFMAN
SHOOTS AT A PARTY
OF WOULD-BE HAZERS.
San Bernard/no High School Youth Resitss
an Attack With the Aid of
a Revolver.
SAN BERNARDINO. Jan. 24.-RlvaJry
between the classes of 1900 and 1901 of the
high school resulted in Ernest Hammer
firing his revolver several times at a
party of ten students who were attempt
ing to base him last night. Younf Ham
mer was escorting a young lady class
mate to a social gathering, and was way
laid by the hazers, who sprang upon him
from ambush and began to tie his arnr?
and legs with ropes. The youth managed
to free his arms and take a pistol from
his pocket. The attacking party drew
back at this, and Hammer fireu several
shots at the crowd, but hit 110 one. The
girl secured the ropes and the couple pro
ceeded to the party.
The immediate cause of the trouble was
a claps paper prepared by a member of
IV>\. which was stolen and read publicly
before the 1900 class. The juniors believed
Hammer to be the culprit, and intended
to leave him bound on the streets fur
several hours last night.
The police were called in last year to
suppress class troubles, and more "trouble
is expected from this incident.
At Hartland, Vt., a cat discovered a
chimney fire and awakened her master
and mistress by mewing at their bed
side.
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath It. if any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In Inches
and hundredths during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high In the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain Is probable:
but when the "low" is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is Im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may he expected
in summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 24, 5 p. m.
The following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations— 14 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka n 23.37
Red Bluff 0 6.«0 12.25
Sacramento 0 6.28 7.41
San Francisco Trace .12 11.20
San Luis Oblspo 0 2.52 4.90
Fresno 0 2.30 9.75
Loa Angeles 0 3.75 '■44
San Diego 0 3.20 6.99
Yuma 0.04- 1.10 . 4.75
San Francisco temperature: Maximum 47.
minimum 39, mean 4". SPH
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
pact twenty-four hours over Oregon and
Northern California. Reports from Eureka
are missing. There has been a rise In pres
sure over Sonthern California, Utah and
Arizona.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary- over the Pacific slope. It has fallen
from R to 10 deg. in Utah and Arizona. The
temperature* ar» from 11 to 13 deg. b»low the
normal In the great valleys of California.
Rain or snow has fallen on the Pacific Coast
north of San Francisco.
A maximum wind velocity of 30 miles per
hour from the northwest Is reported at Yuma.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnieht January 2". 18'"<:
Northern California— Snow or rain Tuesday;
southeasterly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy And nnsettU-d
weather Tuesday: continued cold weather,
probably heavy frost in the morning; light
northwesterly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday; probably snow In
northwestern portion.
Utah — <?loudy Tuesday; continued cold
weather.
Arizona — Fair Tuesday; continued cold
weather.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Tuesday,
with rain and possibly light snow flurries;
southerly winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals taken
at . r > p. m. : Snowing; temperature. 34: wind
southwest, 12 miles: maximum temperature.
42. ALEXANDER MrADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 24.— There was nothing
particularly Interesting in to-day's Ftock mar
ket previous to the reception of the news that
the United States ship Maine had been ordered
to proceed to Havana. Until that time the
market was wholly In the hands of professional
traders and transactions were on a small scale.
Standard stocks were neglected and the se
curities of the local traction corporations,
which are more or less dependent upon mu
nicipal favors, were briskly manipulated.
Later some of the Vanderbllt stocks were taken
up and advanced sharply. The general market
remained persistently heavy during all this
time, but fluctuated very narrowly, the offer
ings being light, as well as the demand. In
the International stocks the declines were
hardly as pronounced as those reported from
London. This state of affairs continued until
after midday, when it was followed by general
Improvement, prices of the majority of th»
rtocks having risen a shade above Saturday's
close Just before the selling movement induced
by the news of the Maine's movements began.
This news was regarded with skepticism at
first and the market held for a time, but upon
the publication of the Associated Press' ac
credited report liquidation promptly set in.
The offerings were not on a tremendously
heavy scale, but the demand was light and
prices fell fast. Specialties which had been
marked up in the morning and some of the
railroad stocks which have shown the greatest
strength recently suffered the heaviest louses
on a rush to take profits. The Northern Pa
cific and Union Pacific were conspicuous suf
ferers In this respect. Northern Pacific pre
ferred was at one time off 2 points. In a few
cases fractional net gains remained after the
late decline, but net l.sees of between 1 and 2
points are very frequent through the list of
active lists, including the leading specialties,
the Grangers and Missouri Pacific.
The attitude of the authorities at Washing
ton in attaching as little significance as pos
sible to the movement of the Maine had little
effect In allaying the bearish tendency In the
market. With the ■ exception of sharp rallies
In the local New York group the market closed
weak and near the lowest. In the last fifteen
minutes of trading Third avenue slumped to
173 Vi and then Jumped T', 2 points to ISI, a fair
example of . the instability of this group of
stocks. • ■ \ ■
The notice from Washington that the -depos
its In New York banks on account of the Union
Pacific sale would be collected in ten weekly
payments, the ' first on Wednesday next, whs
doubtless with the concurrence ana approval of
the banks In which the deposits He. The Gov
ernment arranged in the first place to leave
them there In order to guard against stringency
demand on market. Their' withdrawal now
it Is hoped, may give some tone to the money
market. ■ which has grown quite plethoric, with
a probability of still greater congestion of Idle
funds. To-day's call loan market, however,
showed no quotable change.
The bond market showed Increasing weak
ness as the day advanced. In sympathy with
stocks, the declines being marked in those
bonds which have shown recent strength '
The United States new I's fell He in the bid
price to-day. The calling of the Government
deposits in New York intends to Increase the
supply of Government bonds by releasing those
which have been placed as security for these
deposits. «.•.-•
Total sales of stocks to-say were 400 300
shares. Including: Atchison preferred T'V'i
Turlington, 29.708; Louisville and Nashville'
7600: Manhattan, 30,700; Metropolitan. 12.1S0;
Missouri Pacific, 6500; New Jersey Central KM'
New York Central. 36,733; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 21.&30; Ontario and Western, 3670" Rock
Island. 8765; St. Paul. 27.750; Union Pacific
UUS2S; American Spirits, -3456; Tobacco. 11405*
C™ 0 *? 0 Great Western, 5545; People's Gas,"
6500; Consolidated M . J4.226; Pacific Mail, 3075*
Sugar, 36.110; Western Union, 3720. •■»'•>•
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 12% St P & 0m....... 72U
Do pref 2SV4 Do pref... 145
Baltimore & Ohio. 12 'St P M & M " I*l
Canada Pacific... BS% So Pacific .. 1914
Canada Southern. 63% So Railway ...".' six
Cent Pac. 13 ; Do pref ' ' 23«
Ches & 0hi0...... 21% Texas & Pacific" 112
Chl & E 111 56 Wabash _::"-- 6&
CCC &St L.... 33 Do pref..::" 17^
Do pref.......... 80 ; Wheel & L E..".; 2«
Pel & Hudson.... 110% Do pref yr*
Del L tn V r 151% Express Companies—
Del & Rio G 11V4 Adams Ex.™. 159
Do pref... 46% . American Ex..;.. IIS
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CAKL, TTESDAY, JAXITARY 25, 1898.
Erie (new) 14 [United States 41
Do Ist pref 36% Wells-Fargo 110
Ft Wayne .... 169 | Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor pref 130 A Cot Oil 20
Hocking Val 64 Do pref 73%
Illinois Cent. 10f,ft Do pref 112
Lake Erie & W.. 16 . People's Gas ...'.. U3
Do pref 7iy Am Tobacco 84%
Lake Shore 1734 i Pit 00 aiq*D uio,-)
Louis & Nash 54%' Con Gas 190
Manhattan L 116% Do pref IS
Met St Hy 144% Am Spirits 7%
Mich Cent 10444 1 Col F & 1r0n.... 224
Minn & St I, 24 i Do pref 70
Do Ist pfd 84 Gen Electric 344 ,
Mo Faciflc 324 Illinois Steel 49
Mobile & Ohio 29 La Clede Gas 45
Mo X & T 11% Lead . 34%
Do pref 34% Do pref 105%
Chi Ind & L 814 Nat Lin Oil 174
Do pref 31 Ore Imp Co 274
N J Central V Pacific Mall 29ft
N V Central 112% Pullman Pal 176
N V Chi & St L.. 13% Silver Certificates 564
Do Ist pref 67 Standard R & T.. 2%
Do M pref 3."ft Sugar ISSH
Nor West 14 Do pref 112%
No Amer Co 4% T C ft Iron 12%
No Pacific 2.->H U S Leather fi%
Do pref C2H Do pref 62
Ontario & W 16 V S Rubber ir.4
Ore n & Nay 4'"' . Do pref 634
Ore Short Line... 22%! West Union 89%
Plttsburg IBS St L& B W 3%
Reading 21 Do pref 3
Rock Island 87% ROW 22
St Louis & B F.. 6V Do pref 55
Do Ist pref MV C & N W 1i9%
Do 2d pref 24% Do pref 164 ft
Et Paul 934 Chi G W 14*5
Do pref 143 Haw Com Co 30?»
Reading Ist pref. 48%
CLOSING BONDS.
U 8 new 4s reg... 127% J C 6s 115
Do coup 128% North Carolina Cs 123
US 4s 112% Do 4s 104
Do coup 114,* No Pac lsts 117
Do-2ds 100 Do 3s 62%
US 5s reg 1134 Do 4s 96';
Do 5s coup 114% N T C ft St L 4s. 106%
District 3 65s 116 'Nor &W 6s 1244
Ala class A ins Northwestern con 145
Do B 10$ Do deb f.s 118
Do C 100 O Nay Ist* 1144
Do Currency 100 O Nay 4s |M
Atchison 4s M OS Line 6s t r... 125%
Do adj 4s SSV O 8 Line 5s t r... 93
Can So 2ds 10a% O Imp lsts t r... 107%
Can Pac lsts Do 5s t r 67
Chi Terminal 854 Pacific 68 of "95.. 1034
C & Ohio -5s IIS Reading 4s 83%
•C II & D 445.... 104% R Q W lsts 83H
I' • I: G lsts 108 ]StL*l MC !• 89%
D fit R G 4s • 91 ISt L & S F gen 6s 1164
East Term lsts... 10t>*6 St P Con 1404
Erie Gen 4s 70 St PCa. P lsts.. 119*4
F W & D ms, t r 73 Do 5s 116',
Gen Eiec f.s 10"H4:So Car non-fund. Vi
G H & S A 65.... 107 ;So Ry 5s 92
Do 2ds 102 Stand R & T 6s. PS
H & T C 5s 1104 Term new set 35.. 87
•Do con 6s 1064 Tex Pac L G Ist.'. 1004
lowa C lsts 100 Do reg 2ds 31
Kan PContr.... 97 Union Pac lsts... 121%
X Pac Ist t r.... 20 V VDft G lsts. 54%
La new consols 43 102 Wab Ist as 10?%,
L & N Unl 4s M Do 2ds 81«4
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4« 100%
M X & T 2ds 0% Va Centuries 704
Do 4s «5 Do deferred 5
N V Central lsts. 1164
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 20 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 25 Ophlr 67
Con Cal and Va. 1 <>.' Plymouth 8
Deadwood 90 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry .. 00 Do pref.... 900
Hale & Norcross. 1 '»') ' Sierra Nevada 70
Homestake 37 M Standard 135
Iron Silver 38 Union Con 40
Mexican 20 Yellow Jacket — 34
BOSTON.
BOSTON. Jan. 24.— Atchison. 12%: Bell
Telephone. 2674: Burlington, 97H; Mexican
Central, 5%; Oregon Short Line. 23; San
Diego, .
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 24. -The Evening Post's
financial cablegram says: The stock markets
here were quiet to-Jay. pending the settle
ment, but a dull opening was succeeded by a
steady dose. cmtangoes on Americans are
expected to rule abuut the same as at the pre
vlons settlement. Although money Is im
proving in value It Is expected the market will
have to get assistance from the Bank of Eng
land before the week is out.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Jan. 24.— FLOUR— Receipt*,
20.571; exports. 18.432. Strong and held higher
with jobbers fair buyers. City mill patents.
X EBOS SO; winter straights, $4 4."."a4 50.
WHEAT— Receipts— ll.4so; exports. 87.709.
Spot strong. . No. 2 red. $1 05. Options opened
strong on higher cables, reported reductions
of Italian duty, foreign buying and bullish
hog news, eased off under realizing but ral
lied again on strong late cables and export
demand and closed "%J(2Hc net higher. January
$1 W,4@l 07. closed $1 07; May 94 13-160
95 '.<-l<>. closed 95& c.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
PIG IKON— Warrants easy at $6 60 bid to
$6 70 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet, at 110 S3 bid to $11
asked.
TlN*— Easier, at $13 75<g13 S5 asked.
SPELTER— Firmer, at H i~j';4 M asked.
LEAD— Easy, at J3 TO bid to $3 65 asked.
The firm that fixes the settling prices for
miners and smelters quotes lead at J3 50.
COFFEE— Options" opened barely steady, at
EffflO points decline, closed quiet, at s@lo
points net decline. Sales. 19,500 bass, includ
ing March, $5 Co@s 65. Spot coffee— Rio, weak.
7 invoice. 6^c; No. 7 Jobbing. C%c; mild,
quiet; Cordova, 1%#16c Sales 500 bags
Maracalbo p. t.. 100 bags Savanllla, 150 bags
Central America, 100 bags Mexican, all p. t.
SUGAR— Raw steady. Fair refining. 3 9-16 c;
centrifugal M test. 4 l-16c. Sal«s 80 tons Mus
covado 89 test at 3 9-16 c. Refined steady.
Mould a. B%c; standard A. 6c; cut loaf,
s^c; crushed. 5 5-16 c; powdered, 5 5-16 c;
granulated. ".',c; cubes, I 5-lSc.
BUTTER— 10.04S packages. West
ern creamery. 14H@20c; Elglns, Me; factor}'.
n@l4c.
EGGS— Receipts. E2OO packages. Easier:
State and Pennsylvania. lS<g2oc; Western. 18c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Jan. 24.— California Pried
Fruits, steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. «?7*;c;
prime wire tray. S%c; wood dried prime. SVsc;
choice. Mtc; fancy. 9i@-9V;c.
PRUNES— 3(3 Re.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 807% c; Moorpark, MUc
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7©loc; peeled, 12520 c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 24.— There was enough bull
news to hand at the opening .In Wheat, to
start that market stronger than for some time
past. Trading in May commenced at from
92*fe?T92Tiic, and July from : 84?i@STic, showing
an advance for both months of about %c per
bushel over Saturday's closing prices.
Liverpool showed advances ranging from *4^
1 : ; ■! at the opening there and reported the mar
ket very strong, partly on account of rapidly
Increasing stocks. Another bull encourage
ment was a reduction equal to 12\c in the
Italian duty on wheat.
The offerings were quite liberal at the ad
vance mentioned and continued so for the
greater part of the forenoon, but there was
a sufficient number of repentant shorts in the
mi.rki-t to prevent any great reaction In May.
That option kept all the forenoon within the
range established at the start, except for a
few moments after the receipt of the closing
quotations from foreign markets. It was then
found that wheat at Paris for the March-June
term had risen 45 centimes per 100 kilos, or the
• <i uivalent at 2V»c per bushel. The result of
that was to raise the price of May to 92~b<sl
93c. July was more susceptible to the selling
which followed the opening advance, and from
He it declined to 84 1 4'g84*ge, but recovered to
83\i&fc3"-ic on buying started by the news from
Paris. Northwestern receipts rather favored
the bears. Minneapolis and Duluth reported
a total of 425 cars, against 535 last week and
IRS a year ago. Chicago receipts were 32 cars,
only one car of which was of contract grain.
After noon prices tended downward until
shortly before the close, many holders taking
profits. May got down to S2^4c and July to
M'v>\ but about ten minutes from the close
ii-ws of the ordering of the United States war
ship Maine to Havana was circulated on the
floor and the pit In an Instant was In an up
roar. Every short In the pit started on a wild
hunt for cover, and the price shot up so quickly
it fairly took their breath away. The price
had hardened to 92S#S2\e bid. when Phelps of
Mtlme-Kodman bid 92\<- for 50,000 and got it.
He Immediately followed that by a bid of
itZ'+c for i.0.000 bushels more, which no one
seemed disposed to part with, and after that
there seemed to be no more for sale and every
one wanted it and kept raising their bids until
it brought 93% c. It sagged for an instant and
93Vjc was given as the closing price, but the
excitement continued after the bell rang and
before the crowd stopped trading 94c was paid
for May. Shorts In July were also scrambling
and that option touched 85c for the second
time, closing at 84 7v7 v
<"»rn was dull and heavy until near the close
The late Jump in wheat caused shorts to cover
freely and the market was steady at the close
with a full recovery of prices.
Oats were very slow and without independ
ence, prices following the trend of the com
market.
Provisions were firm all day and trade was
moderately active. A good advance was
scored in the small hog receipts. Prices eased
off on realizing, but ruled strong again later
and closed firm at about outside prices.
The leading futures ranged r_s follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
"Wheat No. 2—
January !>4'4 ;,95 'toy. &-,
May.. s.2vi f3% 924 '3V,
July ••-•-„• — " S3 ;85 84* £5
Corn No. 2—
January .' ..'..27 ?TH 27 • 27ii
May ••••• v : :»H 29% 25% 29
July ..:.... 30 30 29v4 30
Oats No. 2—
May . 23% 23% 23% 23%
• T "'V 224 224 22 224
Mess Pork, per bbl—
January 9 7*4 975 .9 7214 975
May 985 990 9 824 990
Lard, per 100 lbs—
January 4 7214 475 4 724 475
May 4 824 485 4 824 485
July 4 924 495 4 924 495
_ Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January ... 4 85
May 485 490 485 490
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour.
quiet; No. 2 spring wheat. SS4®S9c: No. 3
spring wheat. 80®91c: No. 2 red. M995c; No. 2
corn, 27'??27'-4.-; No. 2 oats, Be; No. 3 white,
f. o. b.. 24SJ24Uc: No. 2 rye. 44% c: No. 2 bar
ley, f. o. b.. 274@41c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 27@>
1 31; prime timothy seed. $2 70: mess pork, per
bbl, $3 75<g:9 80: Lard, per 100 lbs. *4 75@4 77';:
short ribs sides (loose). $4 724<fr4 75: dry salted
shoulders (boxed). 14 "5^5: short clear sides
(boxed). M 85f?5 10: whisky, distillers 1 finished
goods, per gal. $1 19.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 4.000 8.000
Wheat, bu 20.000 11.000
Corn, hu 259.000 231,000
Oats, bu : 234 000 113,000
Rye. bu is wo ....... :
Barley, bu 37.000 27.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 13@lS4c;
dairies, lie; cheese, quiet. E@S4; iggs. steady,
fresh, 16c.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 24.— CATTLE— Sales were on
a basis of 13 $o@4 25 for the poorest droves up
to $4 7535 25 for good and export cattle. The
great tulk or the cattle went for $4 25-55 and
prime to fancy beeves were salable at $5 30®
6 60. Stockers and feeders, 3 25@4 25; calves.
$66 « 65 for the better grades.
HOGS— heavy packers sold at $3 55®
370 and prime heavy shipping lots brought
$3 85. the largest part of the day's sale bring
ing J3 7c. 3 824. pigs went largely at *3 60<&
3 70.
SHEEP— SaIes were on a basts of $2 50<?3 50
for Inferior to common, up to $4 2564 60 for
good to choice flocks. Fed Western sheep
sold largely at $4'3>4 60, with yearlings in de
mand at $4 F*@s. Lambs were active and
stronger, sales ranging at $4 2."fi5 65 for in
ferior to choice, largely at $5 and upward.
Receipts— Cattle, 16.000; hogs. 29,000 sheep.
18,000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Jan. 24.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1700.
Market steady. Native beef steers. J3 So<£4 85:
Western steers. *3 6004 40: Texas steers. $3'g>
3 70: cows and heifers. $3©3 S5; manners, $2®
2M; stookers and feeders. {3 60®4 65; calves,
*«©6: bulls and stags. $2 2T.^3 60.
HOGS— Receipts, 27 , 10 _ Market Be higher,
heavy. |3 50C3 65; mixed. »3 "oaS 60; light,
J3 nm 75: bulk of sales. $3 65©3 65.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2600. Market steady.
Fair to choice natives. J! 70®4 40: fair to
choice Westerns. $3 6<V??4 20: common and
stock sheep.s3S3 80: lambs. J4 2S®5 60.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Jan. 24.— CATTLE— Receipts,
official. 6000. Choice natives. 10c higher, stock
ers strong, feeders slow, cows and heifers
steady, Texans active and steady. Texas
steers, IS 80^4 40; Texas cows, *2 50«?3 25: na
tives. $3 2:.fi4 SO: Western steers. $3 50® 4 70:
Western cows. $2 6003 65; native cows and
heifers. $2^4 10: stockers and feeders. $3 2o@
4 80: bulls. $2 50-B3 75.
HOGS— Receipts, official. 6SOO. Market 5c
higher and active. Bulk of sales. $3 63@3 75;
heavies. $3 45©3 80; packers. $3 SOQI M; mixed.
$3 tr.'.n 774; lights. $3 4.".®3 674; yorkers, $3 65@
3 67V4: pigs. $3 35®3 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, official. 3400. Muttons,
steady: lambs and ewes, strong; lambs, $4 50®
5 75; muttons, $3 75@4 60.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, .Tan. 24.— At the woo! sales to-day
10,279 bales were offered. Australian merinos
were hardening. American buyers secured the
better sorts of Geelongs at Is *4d. Queens
land and New South Wales greasles sold at
extreme figures, largely to the home trade.
Under the Influence of combined competition
between home buyers and American operators
crossbreds sold well at Improved rates. Ger
man purchasers were most anxious regarding
scoured and secured the bulk of the offerings
of this sort at full rates. Russia, however,
taking a few suitable parcels. Cape of Good
Hope and Natal were in small supply and
the advance was maintained. Among the
offerings were 449 bales of Spanish wools, but
there was little inquiry and most of it was
withdrawn. Following are the details of the
day's sales:
New South Wales. 4700 bales: scoured Bd®
Is Od: greasy. 6V»d<7Xls.
Queensland. 2700 hales: scoured price 10d®
is 4'jd: greasy. 6dftlld.
Victoria. 3700 bales: scoured, SUdfils 7%d:
greasy. S^idfils Hid.
South Australia. SCO bales; greasy, B^d©
E'?d.
Tasmania. 100 hales; greasy, 9*4d?illd.
Cape of Oi>od Hope and Natal. 500 bales;
scoured, lOdgis 4d; greasy, s*jdlgSd.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. Jan. 24.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat !
Saturday, January 22. as compiled by the New
York Exchange. Is as follows:
Increase. Decrease.
. Bushels. ' Bushels. Bushels.
Wheat .....37.ia.000 * 635,000
Corn 41.753.000 656.000
Oats 14,540.000 ' 623.000
Rye 4,002.00') 14S000
Barley 3.161.000 421,000
FOREIGN MARKETS. '
LONDON, Jan. 24.— Consols, 112 11-16; Silver,
26 3-16 d; French rentes. 103f 12%c©103f 2Sc. ~
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 24.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
standard California Wheat. 375: cargoes off
coast." nothing doing; cargoes on passage, quiet
and steady: English country markets, steady;
French country markets, quiet and steady;
Wheat in Paris, firm; Flour In Paris, firm;
quantity Wheat an.i Flour on passage to
United Kingdom, 3,860.000; quantity Wheat and
Flour on passage to Continent, 1.170.000; Indian
shipments of Wheat to United Kingdom, 12.000.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 3-16 d.
CLOSING.
CORN— Futures, steady. January, 3s 6'4d:
February. r.s 4 d: March, Is IH*
Imports of wheat into Liverpool for the
week:
From Atlantic ports. 32.4(W quartern ; from
Pacific ports. 5000 quarters; from other ports,
SOOO quarters.
Imports of corn from Atlantic ports for the
week, 58.000 quarters.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
.PORTLAND. Jan. 24.— better foreign de
mand with prices higher has given the local
•wheat market a turn upward and exporters
were quoting from 73% cto 7:.c, with the pros
pect of at least ie better being paid for Walla
Walla milling purposes.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. 24.— Wheat stronger and He
higher. Close: No. 1 club,- 74Hc; No. 1 blue
stem, 77% c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Jan. 24.-Exchanges, $324,421;
balances. $72,370.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Jan. -To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail-
SH« «rt balance. $240,393,173; gold reserve.
11C*. 4-3, i iO.
WILKES'S BUTTONS.
"Wllkes had the courage which does
not always accompany a sarcastic
tongue, for he fought two duels and
was nearly killed in one of them, and
when challenged on a third occasion he
behaved himself, on the authority of
Croker, who was certainly no admirer
or his, "like a man of temper and
honor." U\ s most serious encounter
was with Mr. Martin, and Wilkes was
only saved by two buttons diverting the
bullet. One of his admirers procured
these precious relics and put them in
a case with the following inscription:
These two simple yet invaluable but
tons, under Providence, preserved the
life of my beloved and honest friend
John V, Likes in a duel fought with Mr.
Martin on the 16th of November. 1763
when true courage and humanity dis
tinguish.d him in a manner scarcely
known in former ages.
"His invincible bravery, as well in the
field as in the glorious assertion of the
liberty of the subject, will deliver him
down an unparalleled example of public
virtue to all future generations."
v\ ilkes would probably have said to
this, as the Duke of Wellington to the
obsequious gentleman who escorted
him across Piccadilly, "Don't be a d— d
fool, sir!"- The <'ornhill.
AUSTRALIAN OYSTERS,
The Australian mollusk is of two
kinds— the mud oyster and the rock
oyster. The former grows to a larger
size, but the rock oyster is more gen
erally esteemed for flavor. Their names
indicate their place of growth. The
rock oysters love the beds and adjoin- ■
ing rocks of tidal streams. They grow
in clusters, in a veriety of shapes and
sizes, a.nd each cluster is attached to
something solid. Here they are alter
nately bathed in salt water and in freah
or brackish. They are also left for
hours high and dry until the incoming
tide refreshes them. Nor do these oys
1 ters always sHeet rocks on which to
; dwell. These accommodating mollusks
■ may frequently be found adhering to
| the roots and lower branches of the
mangrove and other trees which delight
in a sort of submarine residence. It is
doubtless to this peculiarity that the
sailor referred when he wrote to his
mother at home, telling the old lady,
and not untruly, that in Australia oys
j ters grow on trees.— Chambers's Jour
! nal.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
January. IS9B*
Mo
Tu.
w.
Pr.
Sa
Moon's Phases.
1
©Full Moon,
Xt) Jan. 7.
I—
-
4
6 :
■•
7
•
—
i
i
,
I I
. 1
/-q-Last Quarter,
J ViS, Jan. 15.
1
in
»
13
»\
It
is
—
1 1
I !
-
M
IT
19 20
21
»
s?\ ICew Moon,
\£f Jan. 22.
~
.
i—
23
*
»
26 27
H
I-
»
■
—
I I
•^ First Quar'
Jan. 2.».
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
noia —
c
l Rosa.
sna..
:lnaw
Bay . ...
n Walia.
Jawo
feOlty....
forte
■>ortlana '.in 25
hlna and Japan !i d2s
■•in DieirG lan 15
liimTxncH Bay . in 25
.icoma lan 28 ]
Newport an 27
Victoria and Pug-et Snd. . . Lan 27
C0m0x.... .Tan 27
New York lan 28
Grays Harbor Jan 28 :
Mexico Jan 2S :
San Dle?o Jan 29 ;
I Panama Jan 29 i
! Portiana Jan 30
Yaqulna Bay Jan 31
Yukon...'. Feb 1
Victoria * Puiret Sna Feb 1
China and Japan .... Feb 1
*•
n
nan
or car...
inehard. .
j
ncp ...
1110
of
:llla . .
3f Rio J ..
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Destination
Sails.
Albion Ska?uay Jan 25, 5 Pier 2
Australia.. Honolulu .. Jan 25. 2 pm Pier 7
Hooter — Newport. Jan 25. it am Pier 11
President.. Yaqulna Bay. Jan 25.10 am Pier 2
Axcata.... Coos Hay Jan 25. 12 m Pier II
Czarina.... Coos Bay Jan '..i. 5 pm Pier I
Wpeott •- iHumbldt Ray. Jan 26. 9am Pier 13
-ity Puebla ■ Vlc&P<rtSnd J;iii 2.;, 9 am Pier 9
W' TU Chlna&Japan. Jan 26. 1 pm Pier 11
Pomona.... (Humhirti May. '.Tan 2rt. 2 px Pier 9
' Croscent City. t Jan K. 3 pm Pier —
Santa Rosa San Diegro.... Jan 27. 11 AM Pier 11
Columbia.. Port'.-um . .. Jan l».Ki AMJPIer M
n °' on ;- Panama .... Jan 28. U mPM SS
BOON Ha.- Newport. Jan W. 9am Pier 11
DflNorte.. Grays Barter .Tan 90. 12 m Pier 2
VYalla W na ; vie & P Sounil Jan 81. 9 am 1 Pier I
M i
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
naters at Tort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent,
.v , Tne hl & n an <l low waters occur at
the city front rMission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
tne height of tide Is the &*me at both places.
JANUARY— IS9B.
Wednesday, January 26. - \.
rises 1...... 7:18
3.-27
inßetß -• 10:45 P M
gTl^'^et'TL^lFeetlTL^'Feet'l^'ree..
3 H W r. \V H W t, W
" ran a 7:2* 2.1 1:3:1 S'.CI 7:lfi|-0".3
-'•• 2:*; M 82S 2.0 2:32 4.5 7:64 02
2? 3:12 6.0 9:30 1- 3:»I 4.0 8:32 0.9
2x| 3:53 5.0 10:32 1.6 4:52 8.5 1 9:10 1«
S! i' ■ 5.0. II 47 IJt 6:29 3.:) : S:sn 2.3
30 5:21 5.0! 12:. •> 1.0 8:18 HA 10:34 2^
31 fs:l2i 4.9 1:55 0.6 9:54 «7
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the ttd«-s
the early morning tides are Riven In the let
nand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second tlm»> column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tirl<
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when th»re are hut
three tides, as sometimes occurs The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
L nited States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign <— > precedes the height and
then the number trlvcn is subtractlve from the
depth given by the charts.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hvdrographic Ofncr. t\ S. N . Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. .Tanuary
22. IS9S.
The time hall on Telegraph Hill was
dropped exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon
of the 12'ith meridian, or exactly fit s n m..
Greenwich time. W S HUGHES.
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United- States Hydrographle
Office, located In th» Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
- Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and is dropped at noon. 12Cth meridian
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mara
Island. 'i
A notice stating whether The time ball w.-.*
dropped on time or giving the error, if any. Is
published the same day by the afternoon pa
pers, and by the morning napers the following
day. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. B. N.. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday. January 24.
Stmr Arcata, Hughes. 44 hours from Coos
Bay; pass and mdse. to O C & N Co.
Stmr Homer, Jessen. 86 hours from New
port, etc; pass and mdse. to Goodall. Perkins
& Oa
r trar Gipsy, Lelanrt. 24 hours from Mon
terey, etc: produce, to Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Schr Reliance, Hansen, 12 hours from Tim
ber Cove; 75 cds wood, to R A GUbride & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, January 24.
Stmr Progress. Storrs. Seattle.
Stmr Willamette. Hanp^n. Seattle.
Ship Invincible. Chlpperfleld. Port Blakeley.
Bark Harvester. Gruner. Nanalmo.
Hark Harry Morse, Lane.
Bark Prussia. Jen*-- Port Blakeley.
Hktn Newsboy. Mollestart. Port Townsend
Schr Oatama, Pedrlck. Coos Bay.
Srhr Melancthon, Bellesen. Wlllapa Harbor.
Srhr Jennie Stella, Krebs.
Srhr Daisy Rowe. Wilson. Coos Bay.
Schr Muriel, Carlson, Tacoma.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LORDS— Jan 24. M p. m.— Weather
foggy; wind W; velocity 10 miles.
SPOKEN.
Jan 6—46 — 4 27 S 36 45 W, stmr Valencia, from
Baltimore for San Francjpco.
Nov 30—61 S 96 W, ship A G Ropes, hence
Oct 15 for Liverpool.
Dec 7—56 S 62 W, Br ship Cromdale, hence
Oct 2 for Queenstown.
Oct 6— Br shin Lamorna, hence Oct 1 for
West Hartlepool.
Dec 34 S 62 W, Br ship Centlsma. hence
Sept 27 for Liverpool.
Dec 2—53 S R7W. Br ship Glencalrd. hence
Sept 25 for Queenstnwn.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Homer — On Jan 22 the stmr Sunol,
bound from San Pedro f->r San Francisco, was
lying oft Port Harford with crankpln broken.
Captain wished to be reported.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT— Arrived Jan 24— Schr Bertha
Dolbeer, from Eureka.
FORT ROSS— Arrived Jan 24— Schr La Chil
ena, hence Jan IS.
EUREKA— SaiIed Jan 24— Stmr National
City, for San Francisco; ecnr Halcyon.
TATOOSH— Passed Jan 23— Stmr Mackinaw,
from Tacoma for San Francisco.
PORT ANGELES— SaiIed Jan 23— Bktn J M
Griffith, from Port Gamble for San Pedro.
CLALLAM BAY— In bay Jan 24— Bktn Ame
lia, from Port Blakeley for Honolulu.
COOS BAY— Sailed Jan 24— Stmr Chilkat.for
Portland: etmr Czarina, for San Francisco.
EUREKA- Sailed Jan 24— Stmr Pomona, for
San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Jan 24— Stmr Oregon, for
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan 24— Stmr Co
qullle River, hence Jan 23.
FORT ROSS— Sailed Jan 24— Schr La Chll
ena, for San Francisco.
HUENEME— Arrived Jan 24— Stmr Scotia,
from Ventura.
NSW WHATCOM— SaiIed Jan 23— Schr C A
Thayer. for San Francisco.
To sail Jan 24— Schr Esther Buhne, for San
Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan 24— Stmr Rival,
hence Jun 23.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 24— Schr John D
Tallant. from Port Ludlow- schr Zampa. frm
Tacoma.
Sailed Jan 24— Schr Alice, for Eureka; stmr
Jewel.
TATOOSH— Passe-1 Jan 24— Haw stmr San
Mateo, from Comox for J*an Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE-Sailed Jan 24— Schr Noko
mlß, for San Pedro.
VENTURA— SaiIed Jan 24— Stmr Scotia, for
Hueneme.
HUENEME— SaiIed Jan 24— Stmr Scotia, for
San Francisco.
TACOMA— Cleared Jan 20— Br ship King
George, for Queenstown.
FOREIGN PORTS.
LONDON— Jan 24— Owners assert Br ship
Wendur, previously reported. Is only slightly
damaged.
HOLYHEAD— SaiIed Jan 22— Br ship Sea
farer, for San Francisco.
QUEEXSTOWX— SaiIed Jan 22— ship
Clan Macfarlane. for Birkenhead; Br ship
Wendur. for Cardiff; -Br barK Invercauld.
TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMKK:S.
NEW York— Sailed Jan 24— Stmr Amster
dam, for Rotterdam.
IMPORTATIONS.
NEWPORT— Per Homer— sks oats, 10 cs
epgs, 2bdls shovels, 78 sks peanuts, 7 bbls po
tatoes, 21 bxs raisins. *
East San Pedro' Wei canned fish. 1 bale R
hose, in bhls beer. 1 bx mdse.
San Pedro— l6oo sks wheat. .TOO sks barley.
9SO sks corn, 29 cs canned nsh. 1 lot household
furniture. 5 crts -ineapples. 1 bdl hardware,
21 cs canned goods. 2 wood pulleys. 4 pkss
mdse, 7 pkgs machinery. 1 bdl I frames, 49
bxs ster boxes. 9 bxs type, 17 pKgs apr imple
ments, 6 bxs limes.
Hueneme — 3 cs eg-ps, 1 bx extracts, 1 box
limes. 1 pkgr mdw.
Ventura — 1 sk walnuts 1 .-rt water heaters.
1 cs dry goods, 1 hdl washtuh. 1 hx honey. 156
bxs oranges. 69 bxs lemons. 34 bxs tangerines.
Carp^nteria — 1 keg cider.
Santa Barbara— 3o bxs lemons. 5 cs eggs. 4
bxs oranges.
Gaviota-1 bx eggs. 24 sks crawfish.
Port Harford— 27 ca eggs. 1 Bk potatoes, 1
bx R goods, r, lixs butter. 3 j>kgs nidse, 1 cp
turkeys, . 1 coop chickens. 24 hxs apples. 4 bxs
fish.
Cayucos— 3 bdls hides, 2S bxs butter. S cs
eges. 2 coops chickens. 17 dressed calves.
San Simeon— 26 bxs butter. 6 cs eggs, 28 dr
calves.
COOS BAY— Per Arcata— 4".n tons coal. 1 va
l!se. 3 pkgs metals. 1 cs scales. 1 cs eggs, 9
kegs butter, 4 bbls salmon, 4 cs cheese. 359
pks potatoes, 1 chest express, 2 sks coin, 1
pkg mdse.
MOSS I.AXniXG- Per Gipsy— l bx butter,
23fi sks potatoes.
Soquel-Ml rolls 81 bdls paper, 5 cs bottles.
Santa Crua— l hx butter, 1 bdl twine, 1 lot
scrap Iron, 3 bdls leather. 600 bbls lime.
CONSIGNEES.
Per Arcata— O C& N Co; A C Hall & Ron:
W T Garratt & Co: Fairbanks Scale Co: H H
Hogan: Peoples' Express; Jas Chrlstensen:
Marshall, Teggart & Co; Palton Bros: Me-
Ponough & Runyon; Thomas Loughran;
Wells, Pargo * Co: Stewart & Co.
Per Gipsy— Herman Joost; Standard Oil Co;
Wolf & Son; X'nion Paper Co; Buffalo Brew
ery: Hills Brop- H Doyle & Co: Kron Tan
ning Ot Jlaucovlch Bros; H Cowell & Co.
Per Homer— Geo W McNear: Baker & Ham
ilton: C E Whitney & Co: J H Cain & Co: W
C Price & Co; Wetmore Bros; L F Snow; Mc-
Donald & Co: Goodyear Rubber Co:Gt»o H
Peck: Newmark & Edwards: Burnett & Co;
W P Wllshlre; J Ivancovlch & Co;C Brown
& Sen: J X Armsby & Co; Reliance Machine
Works: Amer Type'Fnunrlrv E R Stevens &
Co: Dodge. Sweeney & Co: Dairymen's I'nlon;
A Paladin! ; Amer i'nion Fish Co; Marshall &
Relmers; J B Inguglia: J G Lls & Co; Oetz
Bros & Co; J H Newbauer & Co; Yon Ronn
& Co; HUmer, Hredhoff & Schulz; A Pallies:-
Irvine Bros; International Pom H Co: M
Davidson; Coghill & Kohn: Gray & Barbierl;
Mitchell & Goodall; L Spiegel; J Demartinl;
W Hoare; Wilson's Restaurant: F B Haight:
J L Howard; Hills Bros: Witzel & Baker: C
Jacobson & Co; Labor Echange: H Kirchman
& Co; Wolf A Sons: Sacramento Fish Co: O
B Smith & Co: Blssiiger & Co; Getz Brna &
Co; It-igham. Hoppe * Co: Wellman. Peck &
Co; Norton, Teller & Co: A Wyss: D De Ber
nar.li A: Co; Ross & Hewlett: Western Meat
«"o: L D Stone & Co: F Tri A- Co; J Hoffman;
Wheat> in. Breon & Co: Cressy & Co: Hoffman
& Rothchll. : IT Levl & Co; Chas Tetzen.
SWISS-AMERICAN BANK
Of Locarno, Switzerland, and
CALIFORNIA MORTGAGE & SAYINGS BANK,
524 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
Paid up capital and reserves $620,000
A General Savings and Commercial Banking
business transacted.
Interest paid on savings deposits.
Loans on approved real estate security and
on commercial paper.
DIRECTORS:
Ernst A. Denlcke, A. Sbarboro. J. C. Rued
E. Martinonl. F. C. Slebe, A. Tognazzlnl. H.
Orunner. McD. R. Venable. A. G. Wieland
F. Kronenberg. Chas. Martin. C. Gehret, P.
Tocnazzini. S. Grand!. G. Rottanzl.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf /*•*»
San Francisco, as follows: CiSaS ■
i For ports In Alaska. 9a. m., Jan. 1. 6, 11. 18.
; 21. 28, 31. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria. Vancouver (B. C.), Port Town-
send. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Anaoortes and
New Whatcom (Belllngham Bay. Wash.), >
a. m., Jan 1. 6. 11. 16. 21. 26. 31, and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver
with C. P. Ry.. at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at
Seattle with Great Northern Ry.. and com-
pany's steamer for Alaska.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Po-
mona. 2 p. m.. Jan. 1. 5, 10. 14. IS. 22. 28. 11.
Feb. 4. 8, 12. 16. 20. 25. 29.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Ca-
yucos. Port Hnrford (San Lola < "Ms-pot Gavl-
ota. Santa Barbara.' Ventura. Hueneme. San
Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a.m., Jan 1, 5, 9. 13. 17. 21. 25. 29,
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
tford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and -Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. in.. Jan. 3. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27, SI. and every '
fourth day thereafter. ■ •
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabn. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia and Guaymas <Mcx), 10 a. m.. Jan. 6 and
M of each month thereafter.
The Company reserves thn right to chant*
without previous notice steamer*, sailing dates '
8 TICKET "OFFICE -Palace Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery st. . ■■ •
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market' st.. San Francisco.
i ' j ~ ■
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
r ortTj_.-A.2sriD
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARF ' -* 12 First Class Including Berth
IHttL, ££ Second Claxo and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Jan. 23, Feb. 2 12, 22
| Columbia Jan. 28, Feb. 7. 17, 27
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
— i
©US" ft S.S. AUSTRALIA.
iKfIHIL for HONOLULU only
I •£*«■■« Tuesday. Jan. 25. at
■™^T\ rafes m. special party
§,tMn < \hin^ r ThVs.S. ALAMEDA
CylWlllDlll r ' v sails via HONOLC-
ee>^ ViJ!.l|jg!(,«j for - BYDNBY. Thurs-
day, Feb. 3, at 3 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPS
TOWN. South Africa.
J. D. SFRKCKELS A BROS. CO.. Agent*,
• 114 Montgomery Street.
Freight Office-327 Market at.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generaie Transatlantiqoe. ;
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier mew), U North j.^-,-^
River, foot of 3 orton st. Travelers <g^FgTTN
by this line avoid both transit by »'mni •
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class $160.
second class $116.
LA BRETAGNE December 11. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE December IS. 10 a. m. \
LA NORMANDIE December 25. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE.. January 1. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE January 8. 10 a. tn
For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent.
No.' 3, Bowling Green. New Tor*.
S. p. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents. 6 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.. at 6
p. m. Daily.
FREIGHT RECEIVKL- UP TO 6:30 P. U.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
' The only line selling through* tickets and gIT.
Ing through freight rates to all points on tb»
Valley Railroad.
STEAMERS:
T. C. WALKER. J. D. PETERS.
MARY GARRATT. CITY OF STOCKTON.
Telephone Main 805 Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
. Steamer *' Monticello."
' Hon.. Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m. and 3:15 p. m. (9 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays ;.... — : 1 p. m.. 9 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier S.
Telephone Green 381.
For San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
Steamer Alvlso leaves Pier 1 dally Sunday* !
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso dally (Saturdays
excepted) at sp. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alvlso. 50c:
to San Jose. 75c Clay street. Pier 1. 41 North
First street. San Jose
RAILBOAD TBAVEIi.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD/
Via Sausalito Ferry. . i
From San Francisco, Commencing September '
19. 18*7.
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »7:K. •9:3 a. ■
11:30 a. m. ; »1:45, 3:45. »5:15. 6:l>0. 6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays. Wed*
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo. •loot.
•11:30 a. m.; »1:15. 3:00. *i -.30, 6:15 p. m. 1
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.-
IdS a, m. weekdays for Casadero and way sta-
tions. 1:45 p. m Saturdays (mixed train) tot
Duncan Mills and way stations: 8:00 a. in.
'■ • Sundays for Point Rtyas and war station*. .
IWli— I ' ■Hull II ■■ lllillllliinill I ........ ~~- _
ft ATT. ROAD TJSAVEIV.
l-*tl*«* COMPACT.
( PACIFIC SVMEM.I
(Main LtoC, Foot of Market Street)
H^M .TANnARY 1, IS9B. AKRTV
3 ::: %&t
l;™. Mar^vil.e. OrcmUeand Redding via &
idland .••••• S.'asp
- MiM MA»(SS 4tinr
Tohcmaactined IJHiff.. * «■»»
•<««3Oa Peters. Milton and0ukda1e.... ..... 'i»«P
»i«»»a New Orleans Kxnras. Merced, Kay-
".T"';, l'-resu... Uakerslield .Santa
Uurlmra.: l^s ? Angeles.- Demlnfo
El l*Ma| New Orleans and JJust. 6i43*
8:«H»A Vallejo. Martinez. Merced and
Fresno .€«.««=
•l:OOp Sacramento Stoaniem ........ t .lif
I :OOr Ni .:■: ". San Jcso and Way Stations. . *»•»»■*
1 :30p Martinez and Way Stations . ..... ... '•«'
SiOOpLivtrmore, Mtndota, Hanford and
Vi T.li-i top
LiTeraore'.' San Jose, Niles and Way •
Station* • • • •• V ■ * IOJIOA
<i«Ut Martine., Hun Kainoii, Vullejo,
Nai>a, <. < aliHt»K<i. 101 Verano and ._ ,
Santa Itoan .••••*:• "**°*
4WtM>p Beaicia, Vacarilie, Woodland,
Knights Landing. MarysfiUe, Oro-
Tlllo aud kucntineiito .-■•• '• : 'J* A
4iSOp Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7«15p
4:30p Lath-on, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
I'rcsno. -MojaTe (tor Kandsburg).
Santa 15arl>ara and Los Angeles.. Ti«»A
4i»op«anta Fo Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojavo «nd Hast ••• «««*
«;3:30p " Sunset Limited." Los Angele*. El
Paso, Fort Worth, Little Rock, St. „. „_ „
Louis, Chicago and East §10:15*.
«:.->i3«p " Sucset Limited Annex," El Pa#o.
New Orleans and East B<<>«J«M
BiO«p Kuropeaii Mall. Ogilen and Kast.... 9:4.1*
6i««i- HuynardH. Niltsund Han .lose 7i4.1^
1*:OO i- Vailejo t7:48»
fciOOrOrecrou Macruniento, Marys-
Tiilf. Koddlng, roitlaml. l'uget
■Sound and Kaat gil»^
sa\ l-i:A.MMt(» AM) HAVWAUI>S LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) _^
t*O:OOAi ( 7«15*
8:OO* Melrose, Seminary Park, *»9:4.1*
9:OOa ,.•,'* ... : . ' 101-I3A
lO.oua I-itchbnrit, Klmliurxt, 11:43*
tllioo* Sail Lemnlro, South Sa» 12««f
{ISiUOm , ,   .... tl:43p
\ ™ Leandro, Kstudillo, {3: trip
i»:V)«p j liorenco, Cherry \ ****%*
■l:OOp . «5:43p
R:OOp ! and C:l.">p
«:S«p I Hajwards. I : 1 5p
7:oOp ' 8:45p
SiOOp <ltnn» through to Nile*. ' ,2 : i« P
l»:OOp t From Nilea 10«50p
♦ tll:l3pj '*">"> ftilea. j t tlg:OOP
COAST YlslON (Nnrronr «iauge).
' __^ (Foot of Market Street.)
Ills a Nen'uvk,Oentt-i'vilKt,.SHii.lose,Felton,
Uoiilder ( 'reek, Santa Cruz and ay
Stations Bi*«»
•ailßp Newark, Conter»ille, San Jose, New
Alinaden, Kelton, Moulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations M#Ji!l<r»)
4:lfVv Newark, Snn .lose and Los Gates ... 9j»Oa.
I Hunters' Excursion, SaD Jose and
Way Stations $7-30?
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSIS rJUNCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8) —
" *7:10 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl'-OO *2:00 t3:OS
•4:00 tB:0O »6:00 p.m.
rrtmOUUSD— Foot of BroadwaT.— "6:oo 8:00 10:O0A.M4
{12:00 «l:00 t3:CO ;3:00; 3:00 t4:00 »B:QQf.m<
~ COAST DIVISION (Broad Uange). "
(Third and Town9end Stg.)
6:33 a San Joso and Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) 6i954
9:<M)a Han Jose, 'Ins JMnus, Hnn.ta Cruz,
l'aciiic Gru'e, Tiiso Ilobles, San
Luis 1*;.,,. Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:lBp
IU:4Oa San Jose and Way Stations »8:OOA
I1:3Oa San Jose it ml Wny Stations 8: S3 A.
*2:»ok.Siui Mate.., Redwood. Menlo Park.
Santa Clara, Halt Jose. Gilroy,
Hollister, Sauta Criu, Salinas,
Monterey and l v acil!c drove MO:4OA
•»:15p San Jose and Principal Way Stations •9:O«a.
*4>lspSan Joseaml Principal Way Stations 9:45
•3:OOp San .lose and Principal Way Stations 1 :'<iOr
S:3op San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 5:X«p
' San Jose and Way Stations 7:2<»p
i <ll;4f>i- San Jogeand Way Stations 7;« Op
A for Morning. V for Afternoon.
■Sundavsexcepteri:. J Sundays only, ♦ Saturdays only.
t* Monday. Thursday aud Saturday nights only.
Mor: Jays and Thursdays.
I Wednesdays and Saturdays.
■ - — ■
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
1 iburon Ferry, Foot 01 Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAJEI*.
WEEK DAYS— 7:IO. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. 1J:».
1:80. 6:10. 6:10 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m.
DAYS— B:OO, 9:10, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. . t.M
6:00, 6:20 p. m. ; • . - ;
SAN RAFAEL TO SA.4 FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.:
12:45. 3:40, 5:10 p. m. ■ Saturdays — Extra trips
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
BUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 1:49.
.6:00. «:» p. m. 1
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Par*
name schedule as above. ■
Leave -, »rr<v>t Arrive
; San Francisco. Oct. 21 San Francls <s<>-
Week ! Sun- np,£tinn Sun I Week
, Days, I days. Destination daya- | gaya
7:Soa.m. |B:CK)a.m. NovatO, 10:40 a.m. B:4oa.rrZ
i 3 :30 p.m. lH :30a.m. Petaluma. 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
6:lUp.m. !s:oUp.m. Santa Rosa. 7:35 p.m. | 6:22 p.m.
I Fulton,
7:30 a.m. Windsor, 10:26a.ra,
Healdsburgr,
JLytton,
Geyserville,
8:30 p.m. 8:00 a.m. Cloverdale. 7:85 p.m. 6:23 p.m.
~ j I Hopland and I
7 :50a.m.18 I Uklah. | 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7:30 a.m. I ■ } . 110:26 a.m.
8 :00 a.m. Guerneville. 7:35 p.m.
3:30 p.m. 1 [ 6:22 p.m.
7 :<Wa.m.S :00a.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. B:loa.m.'
and
5:10p.m. l s:otrp.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7:30 a.m. !B:ooa.m.| Seb aat(M>ol. | 10: *0a.m.|10:25a.m.
3:30 p.m. :00p.m. ! SebastcpoL [ 7:35pm | 7:ir .»p,^:
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyaerville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Soda Bay,
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for
Vl<-.hy S] i lngs, Saratoga Splines, Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell I.ake. Upper Lake, Porno. Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's Buck-
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
cell's, Sanhedr in Heights, Hullville, BoouevlUa.
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort
Bragg. Westport. Usai.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— 6so' Market street. Chronlcl«
building.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Prea. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
ifrmmmrrt^ California
j^^llll limited,
H^^^^Hl SAN FRANCISCO
lls^^^^^^lj CHICAGO, v
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers,
3% days to Chicago, 4% days to New York*
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m.. carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. Direct connection in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points. • •
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office. .644 Market
street. Chronicle building, Telephone Main
1520. . Oakland office, HIS Broadway. ■ Sacra-
mento office, 201 J street. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
Prom September 10. 1897. trains will run am
follows:
Southbound. |- Northbound.
Passen-- Mixed <-,„,„,„ i Mixed \ Passen-
ger Sunday » utlon9 - 1 Sunday ! ger
Dally. ! Exc'p'td ; Exc'p'td Dally.
7:20 a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 5:40 n m."
8:10 a.m. 12:50 p.m.: Merced 12-50 p.m. 353p m.
10:40 a.m. 3:60 p.m. Fresno J. 30 a.m. 2:20 p.m.
11:40 a.m. 5:20 p.m. Hanford .45 a.m.- 1:1 a pm.
12:15 p.m. 6:45 p.m. Vlsalia 6:40 a.m. 12-40 p'm.
Stopping at Intermediate points when required
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. & I. Co.. leaving San Francisco ana
Stockton, at 6:00 p. m. dally; at Merce- 4 with
.stages to and from Saclllngs. CoulterviUe etc •
also with stage from Hornltos, Marlposa ' etc! *
at Lanker»hlm with stage to and from MaderaT
,-_ ,_—_-_ — - ;,-, r . y
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
:-v ,;r. ; (Via Sausalito Ferry) =
Leave San Francisco ' commencing Novera- .
Week Days— 9:3o m., 1:45 p. m
-. Sundays— B :oo. 10:00, n:3On :30 a. m.. 1 -15 o m
« Round trip from Mill Valley. Ji ™"
THOS. COOK & SON, \ Agents." 621 . Market
street, San Francisco. .CHIEF LLOYD
IS BLAMED
Has Not Even Suspended
Reckless Officer
Murcell.
The Incident Classed With
Others of Recent Occur
rence.
The Shooting at the Boy Directly
Traceable to I-nek of Disci
pline.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 24.
To th^ surprise of the general public
Charles Murcell, the policeman -who
shot at a boy yesterday, has not been
suspended pending an investigation
into his peculiar conduct. Murcell was
appointed on the force two weeks ago,
and evidently received no instructions
from Chief Lloyd regarding the use of
his erur. or ho would certainly have
been suspended for disobedience of
orders.
It is now stated that when Murcell
was trying to prevent the little fellow
from getting away by firing at htm,
he fired one shot and that his
piftni snapped three times. Had this
accident to his gun not happened it is
probable that Johnny Flannery, an in
dustrious little boy, would to-day be In
the morgue because he tried to run
away from a policeman who did not
know his duty. And Johnny's great
crime, for which he was shot at, was
that of jumping on a train.
Murcell'e excuse is that he did not
intend to hit th-> boy. but merely to
frighten him. Others who saw the
shooting say that it was a miracle the
lad was not killed, as Murcell lost his
bead so completely he did not know
what he was doing. Th.' same indis
cretion shown when the trains were as
crowded as they were to-day would
certainly ha\ I in murder.
Murcell says that no cne else was
the street when he flred, but this Is nut
so, for other children were there, and
Borne wen- found to-day who went
home and toM their parents that they
had Been a policeman Bhoot ;it a boy,
and were considerably frightened. The
Incident is the talk of the city to -day,
and Chief Lloyd is being very roundly
criticized for not at least suspending
the stupid ctrner till an investigation
has been made. It is understood that
Murcell is one of the new men ■•vhom
Chief Lloyd was particularly anxious to
have appointed on the force. Th« inci
dent has not created as much surprise
as it would have done a couple of /ears
p. ro, before the department was be oom
v demoralized and undisciplined
a? it La at present. When the ne V offi
cers were appointed and the ne*\ ser
geants named all sorts of instructions
were given them regarding theij gold
lace, velvet collars, brass button^; and !
other fine looking things, but jiflging
from Murcell's action it does ncft ap- ;
pear that much of other instructions
was sriven them. The whole aim :-t the
past two years has been to render the
force ornamental, and its usefulness
has decreased in proportion. Chevrons
and fancy drills have received more at
tention than police instruction, and the
fact that Chief "Lloyd has not purished
his friend is regarded as indicatin:.; that
the officer actually did not know what :
to do.
Murcell's folly is regarded as being:
about on a par, at? far as judgment is
concerned, with the actions of Chief
L.loyd in connection with Attorney Mc-
Klroy's check for $20. which was re
turned to the lawyer as soon as the
facts were published in The Call. It is
expected that the Police Commissioners
will take some action to-morrow, and
may reprimand both Chief and subordi
nate, in discussing the affair to-day
Chief Lloyd said:
While no verbal instruction on the use
or non-use of a pistol was given by me to
Murcell since he became a member of the
fnrre. yet the printed rules, of which
every member Is given a copy, have in-
Btructlons on that point. Of course Mur
cell should not have used his pistol under
the circumstances. Tho rule is to shoot
only in felony cases where prisoners are
p^ekirip to escape, and then only under
such circumstances as lead the police
man's judgment to believe it absolutely a
necessary and proper course. <;re;it judg
ment should be exercised. It is apparent
that Murcell had an exaggerate] si rise of
his duty. He should have handcuffed the
two hoys while turning in the call for the
wagon. He might have struck the boy.
killed him. and It would have been mur
der; or other serious rpsults miKht have
occurred. I can hardly believe Murcell
aimed to hit the boy. In eases like this
where an inexperienced man is trying to
do what h" believes to be his duty I do
not feel like scolding or usinjr harsh rep
rimand, but strong, earnest advice I be
lieve to be the proper thing. Were an ex
perienced officer to do a? MorceU is said
to have done. I should consider him a
dangerous man to have the authority of
a police officer. '
DEATH OF A PIONEER.
Charles Rice, Partrjer of Postrr)as-
ter J. J. White, Did Not Sec
the Jubilee.
OAKLAND, Jan. 23. —Charles H. Rico,
one of the oldest pioneers of this county,
died yesterday at his home on Webster
street. He was born in France October.
11. 1831, and leaves a widow and four
grown sons — Octavia, Charles. George and
Edward Rice — all residents of this rity.
He came to the T'nited States when X
yearn of age. and lived in New Orleans
until 1549. when he started for the Golden
Ft.it*. He landed in San Francisco In
JRSO. He went at once to Amador County,
where he was very successful. In 1809 he
went to Virginia City and became inter
ested in rattle raising. It was in 1867 that
Mr. Rice came to this city and went into
the butcher business with J. J. White,
the present Postmaster, as a partner.
The firm remained intact for all of these
yr-ars.
Mr. Rice was a member of Keystone
Lodge No. 04. A.0.U.W.. and was alway
Interested in every movement that had
for its objert the upbuilding of Oakland.
LONG-KEPT SECRET OUT.
The Dual Life of J. L. Clark. Ex-
posed by W. S. Williams,
an Old Neighbor.
OAKLAXD, Jan. 24— W. S. Williams of
Berkeley gives publicity to the dual life
of the late James Leonard Clark of Santa
Rosa. He Bays bfl doea it to protect the
property rig-hts oT tlie wife and son in
Canada, who have asked him to do so.
Williams alleges that he has known of
tho facts in tb« case for years. He says
Clark run away from Xapanee, Ontario,
Canada, thirty years ago with a woman
who had lived at their house, leaving his
wife and son. About a year ago Williams
claimed to have visited Sr<nta Rosa,
where Clark was living, and called upon
him and made himself Known, Clark put
on a bold face at first and denied I\. but
when ne was faced with unimpeachable
evidence he gave In. and cried. He asked
about his wife and son, and begged of
Williams to keep the "matter quiet.
The woman left in Santa Rosa as his
•widow is well known and respected. The
icft property appraised at
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
$1038 50. Tt Includes a house and lot and
a blacksmith-shop and tools'. Mr. Wll
liamg says he will go there this week and
take steps to secure the property for the
deserted wife and son.
Charles Gard Is Not to Blame.
OAKLAND, Jan. 24.— James A. Joyce,
who was found lying on the sidewalk late
last night in front of H. N. Gard's store
by Charles Gard, returned to conscious
ness this morning. His physicians re
fused to allow him to talk, but he made
the statement that Mr. Gard did not
strike him. This vindicates Mr. Gard. who
keenly the accusation that he caused
the suffering Mr. Joyce la enduring. Mr.
Joyce has a fracture of the skull at the
of the brain, but just how serious
this will prove to be the physicians are
unable to say at present. To-night he is
resting easily.
Oakland News Items-
OAKLAND. Jan. 24.— Th- residence of
A. P. Bourkman, IMB Sixteenth street, was
broken into last night by burglars. Solid
silver spoons and wearing apparel were
I stolen.
The programme prepared by the Scot
tish societies for their night with Burns
Tuesday evening at Hamilton Hall gives
promise of bring very entertaining. The
attendance Is exj ected to be very large.
A fracture stretcher nas been placed in
! the Receiving Hospital at the request or
■ Dr. R. F. Stratum. It Is for the removal
of patients with broken thighs.
Tho steamer Empire, from Coos Bay.
! arrived to-day with 800 tons of coal.. This
' will relieve to a small extent the scarcity,
iof coal in this city. The firm that re
] ceivf-d this consignment sells 8000 tons of
I coal monthly here.
Berkeley Deserted.
BERKELEY, Jan. 24.— 1t is estimated
that 10,000 Berkeleyana crowed the bay to
day to witness the Jubilee parade, and in
consequence the college town was almost
deserted. The exodus of pleasure seekers
began early In the morning and the local
trains were crowded to their utmost ca
pacity. Many of the trains ran through
without stopping at Intermediate stations,
to the great wrath of suburban passen
gers. A special train at 5;45 carried the
cadets of the University battalions to the
mole. : «-,
Dwelling-House Damaged by Fire.
AI.AMKDA. Jan. 24.— About 11 o'clock
this morning fire was discovered in the
two-story dwelling-house ;1 t 1404 Pacific
avenue, corner of Morton street, it was
oansed by a defective tile flue leading from
!)>■ < lining-room anil the entire end of the
budding was badly damaged. Most of the
contents of the building were carried out
INCIDENTAL TO THE JUBILEE PARADE.
into the street and were considerably
injured. The total loss will be about
$1500. The building belongs to a Mrs.
Jagger of Vacaville and the occupants
were K. Newman and family. Mr. New
man is a retired San Francisco capitalist.
After the fire a valuable set of diamond
earrings were found to be missing, but
whether they were stolen or not Is not
yet known.
Trustees" Meeting.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 24.— A special meeting
: of the Board of Trustees will be de!d to
i morrow evening to discuss the matter of
changing the pr»-si-nt method of keeping
record* of supplies furnished to the city
and warrants Issued in payment therefor.
The recent experience with Librarian
Harbourne, showing how t-asily the city
• can be swindled \,y raised vouchers and
warrants, emphasises the necessity for
some different method of keeping ac
counts.
Sloop Picked Up.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 24.— Louis Weasel of
this city picked up a drifting and deserted
sli'i.p-rigged yacht yesterday near Red
wood City. It is painted widte and has
no name. Wewl towed it to the Encinal
Yacht Club house, where it now is await
ing the owner.
Death of Mrs. Charles H. Young.
Mrs. Charles 11. Young, an estimable
lady of Santa Cruz, passed away in this
city at 1 o'clock p. m. yesterday. She was
born in New Hampshire, and was. with
her husband, one of the early settlers in
this State. She was 59 years of ape, and
was the mother of Mrs. Edgar John Ar
nold Mrs. w Williams, Mr*. Croon
and Clarence E. Young. Her death was
due to dropsy, and she passed peacefully
away from a world in which affliction
had been hers for several years. She will
be interred in this city on Friday nf.xt
K'Hed by an Elevator.
John McGonißle. a 10-year-old boy re
siding at 132 Shipley street, died yester
day from Injuries recetTed in a freight
elevator in Rcdington's drugstore on De
cember 2T.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
A.BMVBD
"■*• ' :->'V;r Monday, Jan. 24.
J Br stmr Coptic. Sealby. 28 days and 21 hour*
from Hongkong and Yokohama. 16 days and 23
hours via. Honolulu. 6 days and 8 hours vua
eengers and merchandise to O & O S S Co
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY-Arrived-Jan 21. Rchr Abble
hence Jan 6. '
Arrived- Jan 24, stmr Hueneme
from Alaska. -
Sailed— Jan 24, ship Spartan, for San Fran
cisco: bark Olympic, for Boston: emirs Ex
celslor and Thrasher, for Alaska.
HOWEX'S LANDING— SaiIed— Jan 24, schr
Monterey, for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived— Jan 24, etmr Nomadic,
from Liverpool.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1898.
DESERTED FOR
THE JUBILEE
All Oakland Crossed the
Bay to See the
Parade.
Hundreds Went to the Pier on
the Roofs of the
Coaches.
For Several Hours There Was
Hardly a Soul to Be Seen
on the Streets.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 24.
A corporal's guard could have cap
tured this city during the morning, and
would have had an easy task. There
were not enough able-bodied people In
Oakland to have withstood the attack
of a single-handed filibuster.
Oakland deserted itself for the jubi
lee parade.
No one can remember when the city
was so lonely except a few of those
pioneers who were here when oaks
grew on Broadway and cattle roamed
on the City Hall site. The exodus be
gan about 9 o'clock, and it did not
cease till only the incapacitated and
those who were forced to stay at home
had the city to themselves. For about
two hours there were only tracks
thronged with foot passengers, and they
led to the broad gauge and narrow
gauge depots. Trains could not keep |
up with the schedule, BO they ran to !
the pier and back as fast as they could,
carrying thousands each trip. There
was some kicking at the railroad com
pany, but it hardly seemed Just. f<>r
even the Southern Pacific can scarcely
be expected to be able to empty a town
of nearly a hundred thousand people
at an hour's notice. Every car In the
yards wbs put on, and everybody got
t" San Francisco somehow.
For perhaps the first time in the his
tory of the Seventh-street local, rows
of boys piled on top of the coaches an<l
were carried to the pier. The conduc
tors did all that was possible to keep
the venturesome youths from i>>urt- |
Ing death, but their efforts were vain, |
and fortunatel> none were pushed off ■
to spoil the holiday of the Morgue ni^n.
A crowd of a few thousand, which was
gathered at the Fourteenth-street de
pot ready for the 10:15 narrow-gauge
train, were horror-stricken to find that
When the train arrived it was loaded
to the last seat, and the locomotive
muld hardly pull it up the steep Web
ster-street grade. As there is free rid- i
Ing on this section of the road, a crowd
had captured the train at Seventh '
street to secure seats, anticipating the ,
mass at the depot. When the train
finally started for the pier every coach
would have put a London omnibus to
shame In the matter of people hanging
on the outside.
By 11 o'clock there was more patriot
ism than populace visible; that is to
say, there were more flags in sight than
people, and one police officer was in
possession of Broadway.
Jubilee day was the most generally
observed holiday ever known in Oak- I
land, not a single store being open I
thcoughout the day. This city is never '
united In Its observance of Thanks
giving. Christmas, Washington's birth
day er New Year's, but It was made
evident to-day that all can join m t
bending the knee to a golden shrine.
At the ferry-boats there were hun- :
dreds of people who declined to g. > on
board the 10:30 boat, fearing the pos
sible result, but they wer<=> accommo
dated later on, and no accidents were i
reported. _______________
A Bath (Me.) Sunday-school recently
listened to some very interesting re
marks from one who has been a mem- j
ber of a Sunday-school for eighty »
years. '
. The fee-simile SJf s/fA_ A j£?*' is on every wrapper '
signature of \&&Z7&£&£ of CASTOEIA.
RECTOR LAW
IS ATTACHED
A Chinese Wash Bill Is
Giving Him Much
Annoyance.
The Church Treasurer Served
With a Writ of Exe
cution.
j Summons Was Ignored and Now the
Judgment Is Given With
Costs.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 24.
The salary of Rev. Marshall Law.
rector of the fashionable Church of the
Advent, has been attached to satisfy a
j modest judgment of a Chinese laundry-
I man.
The most interesting part of the Inci
dent is that the rector Is not yet aware
of the fate that has befallen him. But;
nevertheless, a deputy constable has
served an execution on the financial
board, ordering them to hold all moneys
and properties belonging to Rev.
Marshall Law, and warning them that
it will be against the peace and dignity
of the commonwealth even if they make
a small advance till the Judgment Is
satisfied.
The claim is an assigned one and
suit was brought by F. H. Robinson
on behalf of the Chinese. Robinson
| served the summons on the rector, but
Dr. Law dia not understand the nature
of the document, for he declined to re
ceive It. and it is stated that he showed
no desire to leave the door open and
have an extended conversation with the
constable. It does not appear that the
rector was ever asked to pay that bill !
for it was only a paltry $13 50. and the
rector's financial rating is tiptop
However, after ignoring: the sum- i
mons, the wheels of justice were not
clogged in Justice Lawrence's court
room, ami when the case was called
it went by default and Judgment was
entered, with the addition of $5, the 1
costs of the court and constable.
As Dr. Law declined to acknowledge'
the judgment, the constable looked
■round and discovered that the best
way to satisfy the court's order would
be by an attachment on the rector's
salary.
Bo it comes p.bout that the church
treasurer has no alternative but to pay
the pastor's wash-bill and hand the
rector the balance.
The rector is quite at a loss to under
stand why he should have been sued
an£ -ays it has been done simply to
harass and annoy.
FRATERNAL
SOCIETIES.
The Local Councils of the Royal
Arcanum Install Their
Officers.
■ The last regular meeting of Golden
West Council Ml well attended, and It
was an interesting one for all present.
Deputy Supreme Regent Stowe Installed
the following officers for the current year:
G. E. Carlson, resent; F. B. Gibson, vice
regent; W. M. Young, past regent: T. G.
Ilodklns, secretary; Thomas Banks.- col
lector; C. E. Stokes, treasurer; W. F.
Deltemeir, guide. H. D. Hutt. chaplain"
J. Baptlsta. sentry. The reports read at
that meeting made a very good showing
; for the council, and it appeared from
these that during the past year sixteen
members were added to the roll. The
average attendance during the year was
60 per cent. of the membership. During
i the evening the council Initiated one can
didate, and received seven applications
which were referred to the medical ex
aminer.
1 The order has now all but 250 of the
number required In this State to enable
It to apply for a charter for a grand
council for California. It 1b expected that
such a council will be Instituted before
next April.
During the past year the Increase In
the membership was 4534 find on the first
of the curr^vt month the total member
ship was 195,000.
i he Officers of Argonaut <~T>unril were
Installed by J. H. Whitney, P. S. R.. as
sisted by a full corps of past reu<:its.
The same evening two applications for
membership were received and one mem
ber was admitted. Supreme Warden Par
rish reported having visited the jurisdic
tion of Oregon and Washington, and that
much Interest in the work is manifested.
After the close of the meeting a collation
and cigars were serwri.
The council of Fresno has been doing
good work of late, and within three
months expects to roach the 100 mark.
Supreme Warden Parrish will assist Los
Angeles in a few days.
COMPANION'S OF THE FOREST. F.
O. A.
The several circles of this city are mak
ing arrangements for the < ntertalnment
of the delegates to the grand circle that
will meet in this city in June next. At
i the request of Mrs. Lucy At wood. P. G.
I C. C. the circles are appointing commit
tees of five each, to a convention that will
d< ■ is- wax-? and monns for the enter
tainment of these delegates.
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Emma
Harrinpton paid an official visit last
i Wednesday night to Evening Star Circle
In San Rafael.
GOLDEN GATE LODGE. I. O. S. B.
Golden Gate Lodge No. 175. Independent
Order of the Sons of Benjamin, at Its
last held meeting, installed the following
officers for the ensuing year: Paniel
Zeimer. P.: Robert Mann. V P. ; Martin
S Meyer. S.; L. Zier. T. : William Sam
uels Julius Levy and J. Jacobs, trustees.
After the installation there was a dance
and light refreshments.
BONITA PARLOR. NATIVE DAUGH
TERS.
The officers of Bonita Parlor were in
stalled at Redwood City last week by Dis
trict Deputy Mrs. Agnes Lunstedt. assist
ed by Past Grand President Mrs. Mary E.
TiUman and Grand President Mrs. Belle
W. Conrad. The visitlns officers were
met at the train by a delegation from the
parlor with a four-ln-hand. were driven
to Palo Alto and Bolmont and then back
to the city, where the officers were to be
inducted into office. The foUowlng officers
were installed for the current term: Ma
mie Glennan. P. P.; Jennie Kelly. P.;
Mary Townsend. Dollle Granger and \ic
torla Roussell. vice presidents: Dora \\ 11
son. R. 8.; Minnie Stafford. F S.; Macy
Swift. M.; Isabel Stafford. I. S.: Lottie
Wilcox. O. S.; Emily Kelting, Clara Mira
monte and Louise Roussel!. trustees. Af
ter the installation there was a banquet
that has never been excelled outside of
San Francisco. The decorations wore
hite and green. A most enjoyable even
u was spent and it was 2 o'clock in the
-.i.rning when the entire parlor escorted
he Installing officers to their hotel.
CALIFORNIA LODGE OF THE RE
BEKAHS.
Welcome Hall In Odd Follows' building
was very tastefully decorated Saturday
night on the occasion of the public in
stallation of the recently elected officers
of California Rebekah Lodge, by District
Deputy Mrs. Durning. assisted by Mrs.
Rose Mosher as marshal. That was the
last of the Rebekah Installations in this
city for the term and the following elect
ed and appointed officers were installed In
a most impressive manner in the pres
ence of an audience that crowded the hall
to Its limit: Mrs. Minnie Kelly. P. N. G. ;
Miss Sarah Harris. N. G.: Mrs. Sarah
Patterson. V. G.; Miss Alace Hall, R. S.;
Mrs. Hannah Newman, R. S. to N. G.;
Mrs. Amelia Ober<Mi.er, L. S. to N. G.;
Mrs. Minna DaJlman. R. 8. to V. G.: Mrs.
M Jense, L. S. to V. G.; Miss Pauline
Harris. C. : Miss Christina And.rson. \V. ;
Miss Nellie Ossosky. I. G.: A. Rose. O. G.;
and Mrs. J. H. \Wh.-er. chaplain. The re
tiring past noble jrrand. Mrs. Kellv, was,
after the ceremony of installation, pre
sented a beautiful Jewel l.otitring her
rank in the order. After the presentation
there was a social hour and dancing and
the affair was up to the excell.-nt stan
dard of this lodge in the entertainment of
its friends.
DEATH OF AN ENGINEER.
Randall Hunt.a Proroinent Expert,
Succumbs irj hjis Prlroe.
Randall Hunt, a prominent civil en
gineer on this coast, died early yesterday
morning at his residence, 1001 Pierce
street, after several weeks of illness, in
which he was attended by Drs. Kenr and
MacMonagle. He had won the deserved
reputation of an expert and scientific en
gineer.
Graduating at Yale In 1876 with de
grees in engineering and philosophy, his
first work was on the New Tork public
parks. Going to Dakota in 1S7 I *, he did
much work in surveying and bridge build
ing that brought him into notice.
He came to San Francisco in IMB. Here
he soon attracted attention by advocat
ing the cofferdam system of laying con
1 rete foundations at the foot of Market
street iii preference to the caisson sys-'
tern, and finally converted the Harbor
Commissioners to his way of thinking.
He was much interested In and oontribu
ted to the professional literature of foun
dations for high buildings. Subsequently
he did some very important and thorough
work in dam building for the Turtock and
Ifodesto irrigation districts, and about a
years ago was the expert employed to in
vestigate ami estimate for the committee
appointed by Congress to decide between
the conflicting claims to harbor improve
ment at San Pedro and Santa Monica.
Only 41 at his death, ho was lost be
ginning to reap the rewards of his long
study and growing reputation. H-- had a
.harming character aud a reputation for
spotless integrity. His family was wide
ly known, especially in the South, where
Sir Hunt's namesake. Randall Hunt, was
for years one of the foremost members of
the bar. His death will be deeply re
rretted by a wide circle of friends. His
immediate family were with him at the
end and also his brother. Judge William
H Hunt of the Montana Supreme Court.
The funeral will be held from St. Luke's
Church to-morrow.
A FAILURE.
In one of the Manchester suburbs re
cently a woman came rushing from her
house la a terrible* state of excitement,
and, with both hands held high in the
air, met a neighbor, when the follow
ing conversation was overheard:
"Oh, dear! oh, dear! Whatever shall
I do? My room is on fire!"
"Well." replied the neighbor, "calm
yourself."
"I cannot! I cannot! I shall be ru
ined. What ever shall I do?"
At this Juncture a washerwoman put
her head out of the startled woman's
window and shouted:
"Mrs. Marsh, it hasn't catched yet.
Shall I put some more grease on it? "
NEW TO-DAY.
Mr. Magee!
A Montana Man Has No Use. for
Tobacco.
' J Browning, Montana. Sept. 1, '97.
Enreka Chemical and Mufg. Co., La Crosee.
Gentlemen — 1 have used no tobacco since I
took BACO-CURO two years ago last
March, and have no desire to. My weight
has gone up from 160 pounds to 196 pounds,
and I never felt better in my life.
Respectfully,- ■ ..
THOS.B. MAGEE
Mr. Magee felt that tobacco win hnrtinj-
him and took BACOCI'KO. Like all whe
have used this kindly vegetable antidote, !i<
is permanently weaned from tobacco an
has no desire to return to it. The wondci
fnl part of ii cure from BACO CURO is thn
it removes every trace of nicotine in the sj ■
tern, leaving it as free as it was before U.
urst smoke or chew. Write for proofs i
euro. We give a written guarantee t
cure ' permanently any case wlth'.thre<
boxes, or refund the money. 30c or $
■ ■i box, three boxes (guaranteed cv.re) $-.\sf
errrrn-herc. or KURHKA CHBM
Rcdingrton & Co., general distributors. .
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
£» Q O MARKET ST.. . '. OPP. PAL.ACE
UOO Hotel. Telephone 670. Resldeoca 901
Valencia street. Telepiione. "Church" U.
BURGLARS HAD
A GOOD TIME
Absence of the Police at the
Parade Fully Taken Ad
vantage Of.
One of the Burglars, an Ex-Convict
Neatly Captured Inside a House
He Was Looting.
Burglars took advantage of the unpro
tected condition of the city yesterday dur
ing the parade to ply their vocation, and
several reports were received at police
headquarters from people whose houses
had been entered.
Ono house visited was that of Louis
Koenig, corner of Scott street and Golden
Gatd avenue. Koenig ami his family
wore down town to see the parade. About
2 o'clock a neighbor saw two men acting
suspicious); at Koenig's house and he re
solved to "watch them. He saw one of
them force open a window on the Scott
street side of the building and crawl
through, while the other remained outside
on guard.
The neighbor telephoned to the North
End police station and Policeman Water
man, who was on office duty, drove to the
house in the patrol wagon. He found the
burglar in the house and placed him un
der arrest. The burglar's companion saw
the patrol wagon coming and made his
escape. The burglar was taken to
the City Prison, where he gave the name
of James Moran, but he was recognized
by Det.»ctive Hainbridge as James Moore,
an ex-convict, who was released from San
Quentin last September after serving a
sentence of seven yours for burglary. Be
fore being arrested he had secured a gold
pin, a ring and a gold watch and chain.
He complained that he did not have time
to do any work, as he had just got fairly
started when Waterman made his appear
ance. The police have a good description
of his companion, who is also believed to
be an ex-convict, and his arrest may oc
cur at any moment.
Stole Fron) His Err>ployer.
Charles Mills, a stableman for C. H.
Switzer, coal and wood merchant at 30
Grove street, was arrested yesterday aft
ernoon by Policeman Benjamin on a
charge of petty larceny. Switzer went to
see the parade yesterday and left his
working trousers on top of his bed. In
the pockets were gold and silver amount
ing to $16 75. Mills was later seen in
.; "Chew?** &
£ " Sometimeß."
"Piper Heidsieck I " \ (
" I'll go you." «5
No lover of a good chew ever says no to
I PIPER $
I HEIDSIECK I
i PLUG TOBACCO §
0 (CHAMPAGNE FLAVOR)
g& There is more solid satisfaction in a piece of Piper Heid- ]j*s
sieck than in any other brand on the market. Everything
about it is right ; the flavor is unsurpassed ; the size is 40 0
per cent, larger than formerly; and the price is still the J|
jC same old nickel. The new plug at the old price is positively nP
$P the biggest bargain in tobacco you ever saw. Be sure and
£ ask for one of the NEW pieces of Piper Heidsieck. jk
I ' - ;.. — ; ~ — ~ —
A New York business man, a fisher and camper-out in '' .
vacation time for forty years, says that J> \& & &/&
FM*P*A*N'S Tabules
; are the tie plus, ultra of medicine for a. sportsman's
; need, and that he would as soon think of omitting his
fly book as of going away without a dozen or two of :
'.•■-■■■'■ ■■■■.'. " ■■■:.' ■ ■ ■. - - •1\ ■ . .' . ■■ ■
xnese little regulators, correctors and comforters. «£ o*
Switzer's bedroom, and when Switzer got
home he found that the money had been
stolen. When Mills was arrested he was
considerably under the influence of
liquor.
Captain hjeafey's Funeral.
The funeral of the late Captain H. S.
Healey. clerk to the Police Commission
ers, will take place to-morrow afternoon
at 1:30 o'clock, from his residence, 1612
Fifteenth street. The deceased was a
Knight Templar, and the probability is
that he will be buried with Masonic
honors.
NEW TO-DAY.
THE <* «se \
\ CONSUMER I
► IS BLOWING THE HORN 5
! FOR <# j« #
I Blatz I
The |3
star r^&£±f i
Milwaukee I JtWI
Because he cannot help liking it, 5
and we continue to maintain its \
high standard to keep him £
a-blowing. £
Call for Blatz. , £
See that "Blatz" Is on the Cork. £
VAL. BLATZ BREWING CO. j
MILWAUKEE, WIS., U. S. A. \
Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale Dealers, 4
416-418 Sacramento St., San Francisco. \
Telephone Alain 416. (7
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
«25 KKARSY XT. Established
In 1554 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, boat Manhood. Debility or
disease bodyand mind and
skin Diseases. doctorcures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
. «..- »^»_ «nr*»(tnariiDt»»d. Callorwrlte.
Or. J. F. «•! BiSO.V, Box 1957. Saa Francisco.
1314
THE BOOKIES
WERE HIT HARD
Holiday Bettors Had the
Best of the Argument
at Ingleside.
Game Little Count of Flanders
Captured the Stake
Event
Three Favorites in Front— The Roman
Proved a Mild Surprise to
Many.
The ho-liday gathering was much
Bmaller than usual at the races yester
day. The card was a fairly good one,
but the many other attractions kept
people away. . If favoritism, such a
strong factor in the game of late, Is not
eliminated the attendance will dwindle
away to nothing. Twenty-seven book
makers cut in, but the fields were so
light and the play so educated that
nearly all of them qurt loser on the
day. '
It was reopening day at Ingleside,
and as a rule the favorites ran pretty
true to form. They made a standoff of
it by capturing three events. The Mar
tins, Willie and "Skeets," carried off
the riding honors, each piloting two
winners.
The Balboa Boulevard handicap, for
three-year-olds, over- a mile, went to
the favorite, Count of Flanders, ridden
by "Longshot" Conley. The game lit
tle son of St. Carlo ruled a strong fa
vorite in the betting and well deserved
the laurels he won. Getting away last
of his field, Conley awaited his oppor
tunity and getting through the bunch
the last furlong, won cleverly from
Morellito. Considering the fact that
the winner carried 120 pounds it looks
as though the Morello colt Eddie Jones
was the only one left capable of giving
him an argument. Mistleton, with a
"catch" on his back, managed tc finish
in the show.
Though his last race was a very bad
one, Dr. Marks defeated the 3 to 6 favor
ite Glorian in the opening seven-fur
long run very cleverly. Thorpemanaged
to maintain the lead with the latter to
the stretch, where "Skeets" Martin
headed him with the outsider, winning
by over a length. Gotobed, a 25 to 1
shot, finished in the show.
The great sprinter O'Ccmnell was In
great fettle and captured the six-fur
long selling sprint, second on the card,
■with the greatest ease. He was a 6 to
I favorite in the betting and, grandly
ridden by Willie Martin, led Zamar
past the wire witti pounds to spare.
Caliente ran a good race, finishing a
good third.
But three started in the mile and a
furlong run. Satsuma was an even
money favorite in the betting and fin
ished third. Ostler Joe, the third
choice, made the running to the stretch,
where Willie Martin got up with The
Roman and, assuming the lead, downed
the black horse handily by half a
length in l:54 l i. Jones' effort on the fa
vorite was not one of his best.
Thorpe's good riding landed the mile
selling event for Hazard. Last of his
field down the back stretch and looking
hopelessly beaten, he brought the
chestnut up the last part, and in a
hard drive got the verdict by a nose
on the wire from the post favorite,
George Lee. Imperious made the run
ning to the stretch, where Woods went
to pieces. The weather was too cold
for Our Climate. The winner was a
4 to 1 chance in the ring.
The final race on the card, a mile and
a sixteenth selling affair, proved o-nly a
gallop for Cromwell. A 13 to 10 favor
ite around post time, he galloped away
with his company and won in a com
mon canter from Can't Dance, the sec
ond choice.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Race— Three furlongs: two-year-olds.
460 Prince Will 103 ... Olympus 115
... Santello 115 ... Saintly 11.-,
478 Also Han 103 47S Malay 103
... Bay Colt, by ... Sir Urlan 112
Riley-Idle ....1151
Second Three-quarters of a mile; sell
ing
4IS Vrrajma WT| 4 "5 The Gossip 102
...Charlemagne ...I<M -SC7 R*>d Glenn 114
471 Kamsin 114 37 V Meadow Lark. .lo7
(K9)Jee I'Uman in 4C£> Stentor 104
... Treachery IM «
Third Race — Three-quarters nf a mile; selling.
3K Triumph 114 255 Fig Leaf 102
471 Major Cook ....114 419 Peril 106
352 Tim Murphy ..114 316 Montallade ....107
131 Starling 105 i ... Argonaut 107
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB--lns?leslde Track— Seventy-third
day of the Winter Meeting. Monday, January 24, 1898. Weather
fine. Track fast.
4JDQ FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds; puree, $330.
Index^ Horses. Weight. St. Ua hTI %m. Strl FInTT
[orses.
476 Dr. Marks 110' 4 2 4 2 2H 2 5 2 4H 1 2% IH. Martin .... 7 8
4'>4 (Jlorian 113 1 1H 1%, 1% Ins 28 IThorpe 3-5 8-5
477 Gotobed IIS 3 3 2/4 6 6 6 3h IClawson 15 25
(445) The Dipper 113 2 U !r.i 4 2 6 2V4 4 5 lO'Connor .... 20 25
429 Bow and Arrow.... 103 5 0 5 m 834 4 n 5% Gray 4 5
(465) Formella 108 6 4 h 4 1 3 h 3 IH 6 Conley 6 8
476 Dr. Marks 1101
404 Glorlan 113'
477 Gotobed US
(445) The Dipper 113
429 Bow and Arrow 103
(465) Formella 108
I 4
1
3
I
2
5
6
2 4
1 4
3 2%
6 1
6
4 h
2 24
c*
3 n«
5 1%
4 1
2 I
1%
6
4 2
6 34
3 h
2 44 1 24
1 ns 2 R
6 3 h
B 24 4 5
4n 5 4
3 14 6
:. Martin ....
horpe
lawson
'Connor ....
iray
onley
Time. 1:28%. Winner. B. Schrelber"s b. g. by Sir Dlxon-Belle Palmer. Good start.
Won cleverly. ■
A OO SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; 6elllng; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
""index. Horses. Weight. ;St! \im. V4nu \m. Strl Fin. I Jockeys. \Op. cT
(405) O'Connell, a 11
(470) Zamar 11. 4 V
470 Caliente, 5 1(
454 Lucky Dog, a l:
419 Mlrtlipht. 4 1'
464 Una Que Amu, 8...8
[405) OConnell. a 11513 ... lh In In 1 * W. Martin .. 1 «-5
470) Za mar 11. 4 106 i 2 ... 3 5 3 2 3 IH 2 1 Thorpe 5 4
470 Caliente, 5 10916 ... 6 2 4 1H 4 IH 3 3 Hawson 8 It
454 Lucky Dog, a 11215 ... 2H 2 3'i 22H 4Vi IH. Martin.... 8 9
419 Mldlipht. 4 106 i 4 ... 4h 56 55 530 iConley T-2 7-2
464 Una Que Amo, 5...W1 1 6^ 6 6 6 [Spencer 100 30<j
i 3
2
6
!
5
4
I 1
1 h
3 5
6 2
2 %
4 h
6
1 n
3 2
4 14
2 3'i
5 6
6
1 n
3 1%
4 1%
2 2%
5 5
6
1 % W. Martin ..
2 1 Thorpe
3 3 < 'law-son
4 4 IH. HutUl ....
5 30 iConley
6 [Spencer
Time. 1:14^. Winner, W. J. Spelra' eh. g. by Harry O'Fallon-May Kennedy. Good wtart.
Won easily.
484.
THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $500.
r etsbt.
473 The Roman, 4 10! V l
4?n Ostler Jof. 5 114. 3
(443) Batwima, 6 114 2
2 1%
1 : i
3-
2 2
1 1
3
2%
I 14
3
2 2%
1 n
3
1 %
2 2
3
V.\
Martin ..! 5-2
herville ...| 2
Jones | l
5-2
3
1
B.
Tim". 1:54'>4. Winner, William Boots & Son"s b. c. by imp. Brutus-Beauty. Good start.
Won very cleverly.
st&CZ FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year olds; the Balboa Boulevard Stake; value
T"C»O» $1000. '
Index. Horsed Weight. ISt. %m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. |Op. CL
425 Count of Flanders. .l2ol 7
(431) M'irelllto 116 2
476 Mlstleton M 1
399 Highland Ball 106 3
372 Marplot 105 I
(4SO) Colonel Dan 112 5
475 Blarney Stone 108 I
6 ns
7
2%
6 %
4 1%
3 n
1 1%
7
6 n
2%
5 h
4 %
1 ns
2 1%
6 h
5 n
4 %
3 ns
1 n
22H
6 1
6 «4 .
4 m
3 >,4
1 h
2%
11 I
2 h
3 H !
4 2
I m ■
6 2%
7 !
;W. Martin".!
IClawson
M. Xkhols ...
ISpencer
6-5
4
13-5
30
20
•
15
8-5
3
r>-2
20
12
•
20
Thr.rpe
H. Martin ....
• Coupled with Mtstlcton.
Time. 1:42%. Winner. T. H. Ryan's b. c. by St. Carlo-imp. Countess Lanrden
start with flaK. Won first three driving.
Good
A GCl* FIFTH RACB-One mile;
; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
410 Hazard. 5.. 10914
409 George Lee, 1 X I
■ nameia, 5 ,112 3
4&1 Imperious, 3 !>." '<
(474) Our Climate, 5 112 6
463 Colonial Dame. 3 . . 96! J
C
3 n
E 3
1 2
4 '4
I ft
6
2 h
4 2
1 %
5 3%
3%
6
2 1
4 24
1 1
5 4
7 ns
5 2
2 n
3 2
1 h
6
4 n
1 ns j
2%
3 1 [
4 15
6 i
6
nnrpe
lawson
'.. Martin ....
foods
4 3
2 n-5
4 :>
6 9-2
10 12
12 8
onley
•'Connor
Time. 1:*2%. W
Won first three drl
,-r, A. P. Murphy & Co'«. eh. g. by Strathmore-Zoo Zoo, Good start.
4R7 SIXTH RACi -One and an eighth miles; selling^ four-year-olds and uoward-
T'CJI • purse, $350. ui>»ju- u .
inuex. x
474 Cromwell, 6.. .......11 l 2 13 12% 14 12 17 H.Martin TiTin
356 Can't Dance, 5......110 4 ' 3% 8 h 3 1 314 23% W. Martin'" 2 2
474 Ruf alba, 4 lit ]« 5 1 53% 4 1 424 3 6 Jones " I \
*21 S' a «'°i la - a 1)S 1 =3 234 224 2% 4 3 Clawson' '. ! " " ' 10 12
439 Fred Gardner, a....l 63 44 4n 56 54 530 Conley I {
■•• Glad Eyes.- 4 11l 5 6 6 6 6 6 (Harris .'.'."": 30 50
M Time, 1:55%. Winner,^. W. Purser's eh. h. by Imp. St. Blalse-Flavina. Fair start.
. Martin ....
. Martin ..
■nes
awpon
jnley
arris
Fourth — One and a sixteenth miles; sell- I
ing.
456 Imperious 17 452 Yankee Doodle. lll
(390) San Marco 110 481 Myth 104
477 Li Hung Chang 30 ! 331 Peter II 110
Fifth Race— Three-quarters of a mile: purse.
359 Card well 109 i 365 Re del Tlerra. 106
304 Fortunate 11l ... Geyser 106
SH Nic Nac 104 397 Chartreuse 11. ..104
67 Alvarado II 11l I
Sixth TUt.ce — One mile: purse.
395 Joe Terry IIS (363)Cabrlllo 115
40S Imp. Tripping. .lo3 46! Har. Thoburn..lll
443 King William. .115 (343)Hohen2ollern , ..110
TO-DAY'S SELECTIONS.
First Race— No selections.
Second Race— Kamsln, Joe Ullman, Treach
ery-
Third Race— Montallade, Fig Leaf. Major ;
Cook.
Fourth Race— Myth, San Marco. Imperious.
Fifth Race— Alvarado. Geyser. Fortunate.
Sixth Race— lmp. Tripping. Harry Thoburn. ,
Cabrlllo.
A ONE-SIDED GAME.
The Will & FincKs Easily Defeat
the California Markets.
Only a small crowd saw the game at
Central Park yesterday between the Will
& Fincks and the California Markets. It
was too one-sided to be of interest. Cap
tain Smith's men took a mortgage on
the score in the first inning, when they
made three runs on a single and two dou
bles. Krug proved an easy mark, while
Knell had excellent control of the ball. !
The six hits made off his delivery were
scattered. The Will & Fincks made their
hits when they counted. The following ,
was the score:
Will & Fincks- AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Merles. 2b 3X113X0
Knell, p 5 13 0 0 3 1
Muller. If 4 110 4 0 0
Scott, c 5 12 0 4 10
Bliss, rf 4 0 10 0 10
TUlson. 3b 4 0 0 0 2 3 1
Hlldebrandt, cf 3 1 0 1 1 0 0
Smith, ss 4 10 13 10
Stanley, lb 4 0 0 0 10 2 1
Totals 36 « 8 8 27 12 3
Cal. Markets— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
H. Krug. p 4 0 0 0 12 0
Monahan, ss 3 0 10 110
Murphy, lb 4 1118 0 0
K. Krug, 2b 4 0 10 3 2 0
Pyne. cf 4 12 0 10 0
Hearty, If 4 0 10 3 0 0
Iberg. rf 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Brodle. 3b 3 0 0 0 9 11
Kgan, c 3 0 0 0 12 0
Totals 32 2 « 1 27 8 1
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Will & Fincks 3 0 0 2 0 0 10 o—6
Base hits 3 2 0 110 0 0 I—B
California Markets ....0 0020000 o—2
Bast hits 0 10 2 0 2 0 0 o—s
Summary: Earned runs— Will & Fincks. 1;
California Markets, 1. Three-base hit— Pyne.
Two-base hits— Scott and Bliss. First base on
errors— Will & Flncks, 1; California Markets. 2.
First base on called balls— Will & Fincks. 3;
California Markets, 1. Left on bases— WUl &
Fincks, 6; California Markets, 2. Struck out—
by Krug. 5: by Knell, 3. Time of game— Two
I hours. Umpire— James McDonald.
i. ♦ ■
SIDEWALK OWNERSHIP-
Supervisor Devany's Ordinance
Will Test the Question
of Title.
The ordinance recently introduced by
Supervisor Devany will, should it pass,
settle the question of the right of prop
erty owners to use the space underneath
the sidewalks.
Supervisor Devany is determined to
I have the persons who monopolize the
space under the sidewalks for store and
saloon purposes pay to the city some
thing for the privilege. He has an opin
ion that the property owners have no
right to this space, more particularly is
he of this belief where the space is being
uped for store and saloon purposes. Sev
eral cases were cited by him where prop
erty owners were in receipt of handsome
income* from saloons and restaurants
which were conducted under the side
walks. He pointed to several stores on
I the south side of Market street where
one-Half of the places were under the
sidewalks. Another case of pretended
ownership not only of the spaoe under
; tlie walk but over it was pointed out on
Kills street, between Mason and Powell,
where pianos and furniture were per
| mined to remain on the sidewalk for
] days. In addition to this there are four
I sidewalk hatches with two stairways
I leading from the sidewalk down into the
I cellars. Also large signs are permitted
I to be attached to these hatch openings
! inviting public attention to lines of goods
! for sale. This, however, is needless,
j from the fact that the goods are right
! on the sidewalk where they cannot but
I be seen.
The city owns the sidewalks, says Su
pervisor Devany, and it is no more than
right that a revenue should be obtained
for their use.
STRICKEN WITH APOPLEXY.
prank. B. Reynolds, an Old-Time
Merchant, Seriously 111.
Frank B. Reynolds, an old-time mer
chant of this city, who was formerly a
partner in the house of Moore, Reynolds
& Co.. sustained a second stroke of
apoplexy In his rooms on Post street,
near the Bohemian Club, yesterday morn
ing. The first stroke, which was light,
came about four months ago. Mr. Reyn
olds' daughter, who lives on Pine street.
and several of his friends in tbfl < !ut>
were at once summoned. On the advice
of the physicians, th* patient was con
veyed to the residence of his daughter.
During the past few years Mr. Reynolds
has been engaged in the insurance busi
ness, with headquarters at the Lion Com
pany on Sansome Btreet.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1893.
KERR'S WORDS
CAUSE ANGER
Dr. Gibbons of Cooper Col
lege Declares Them
False.
Says Kerr Was Misinformed
and Will Now Make Such
Admission.
A Graduate Makes an Attack on
"Doctor" Fine's Record—Peti
tion for Students.
Now come the members of Cooper
College, and being disposed that way
make due statement that ail the asser
tions concerning the part the Cooper
College internes in the City and County
Hospital have played in the existing
trouble over "Doctor" Fine are abso
lutely false, and that Dr. W. W. Kerr,
whose interview appeared in yester
day's Call, was sadly misinformed.
Dr. Lane, the president of the col
lege, would make no statement, on the
ground that he had no knowledge of
the affair, except that which he had
pe^n in print, but asked that Dr. Henry
Gibbons Jr.. dean of Cooper College, be
interviewed. It was soon learned that
Dr. Gibbons knew considerable and
was a very indignant man over what
he had learned.
"Dr. Kerr was misinformed," he de
clared in the most emphatic manner,
"and the statements made by him were
aboslutely false. I have investigated
the matter myself to-day and the
Cooper internes deny that they had
anything at all to do with the trouble.
I communicated what I had learned to
Dr. Kerr and he admitted that he was
mistaken. If you will see him now I
think he will admit it for publication."
Dr. Kerr in effect stated that the dis
pute was not the result of any conten
tion between th«* s< hools of medicine.
One of the Cooper graduates, who for
obvious reasons does not care to have
his name used, proceeds in addition to
combat the statements made by Dr.
Kerr as regards the ability of Fine.
"It is too bad," he said, "that so
many poor pupils have been permitted
to graduate at Toland College and this
bright man has been held back. Fine
has never graduated from Berkeley and
Dr. Hopkins was the very prof-sscrr
that failed to pass him in two of his
examinations. By some mistake all the
class of which Fine was a member was
marked in the programme as having
graduated. There were only seven
graduated out of sixteen. That is the
way he got his diploma."
This same person is authority for the
assertion that all the students o-f To
land College have sent in a petition to
have the two suspended. Internes, Mc-
Mahon and Dunn, reinstated, declaring
that in case they are not nobody will
accept the position for the coming year.
It is further said that the rules of
the hospital governing the placing of
internes has been violated in the case
of "Doctor" Fine, as they prescribe
that in case any position became va
cant it shall be filled by an externe, no
mention of any college being made.
MINISTERS TO
MEET SOCIALLY
Ministerial Union to Hold Its
Quarterly Meeting at the
Occidental Hotel.
Religious Progress of Fifty Years
on this Coast to be. Dis
cussed.
Th^ winter 'quarterly meeting of the
Ministerial Union of San Francisco. Which
consists of all the ministerial clubs of the
city, will be held on the evening of Janu- '
ary 31, at the Occidental Hotel. The pur- '
pose of the gathering will be social and
partake somewhat of the nature of a re
view of the religious progress on the
coast during the last half century,
i The general subject will be "Fifty
Tears of Progress." There will be a
supper, and at Its conclusion a number of
sentiments will be responded to by min
isters representing the several denomi
nations of this city.
Rev. M. M. Gibson, D.D.. of the United
Presbyterian Church of this city will pre
side. Rev. H. M. McKnlght, pastor of the
| M. E. Church South of Oakland, will of
fer prayer. The first sentiment will be
responded to by Rev. E. A. Woods, D.D.,
pastor of the First Baptist Church of this ;
city, "Why the Pioneers Came West." j
The second sentiment will be. "How They |
Got Here," . and will be answered by the:
Rev. A. M. Elston, D.D., pastor of the
First Christian Church, Berkeley. Rev.
S. H. Willey, D.D., a Congregationalist
pioneer, will speak on "What They Found
Here." Rev. Robert Mackenzie, pastor of
the First Presbyterian Church of this
city, will tell "What- They Have Done,"
: and Rev. E. R. Dill** pastor of the First
': Methodist Church, Oakland, will speak on
"A Prophecy — California Fifty Years
Hence."
It Is expected that the quartet of the
University of California will be present
j and contribute to the occasion.
This is the first occasion where the
ministers have come together in a social
i way since ISGO, and it is expected that It
will be in every way delightful and suc
cessful.
The Ministers' Union committee will con
stitute the reception committ<>o for the
occasion. They are Rev. M. C. Harris,
1>.1>., chairman; Rev. Lyman Hood, secre»
tary; Rev. W. A. Gardner. R.-v. J. K.
Hushnell, D.D. ; Rev. F. P. Wilson. D.D. •
Rev. S. C. VCeetch, Rev. H. N. Bevier and
Rev. M. M. Gibson.
TRUSTS THE TALK
OF THE EVENING
The Unitarian Club Dines and
Discourses at the Cali
fornia.
Many Speeches on Political Economy
by Men of Wide Attain
ments.
About 175 members and Invited guests
of the Unitarian Club sat down to dinner
in the banquet room of the California
Botel last evening.
The dinner was given in order to pet
the various members of the club together
and listen to a discussion on "trusts" by
some of the most celebrated of the stu
tlonts of political economy now gathered
in the city from their various homes, to
participate in the Golden Jubilee celebra
tion.
An excellent menu was discussed, at the
conclusion of which order was called by
the president of the club, Warren Olney,
who, in a neat little speech, called the at
tentlon of those present to the object of
the association, which, he said, was to
meet and discuss all that may tend to the
betterment of humanity, irrespective of
political belief or religious denomination.
He then spoke of the various needs of the
club, concluding by introducing John P.
Irish :\s the first speakor of the evening.
Mr. Irish spoke at great length on the
various kinds of trusts that the world has
known, beginning at the time of the Prot
estant Reformation, when the church or-
Kar.ized the- first trust for the protection
of its treasure, down to the labor organ
izations of the present day, which he
strongly condemned for the restrictions
they placed on personal liberty and for
the violence with which they enforced
their decrees.
When Mr. Irish had concluded Professor
E. A. Ross was introduced, who, after
paying a few satirical compliments to his
predecessor, gave an interesting address
on the history of trusts in general, during
which he took occasion to say that it was
impossible to consider a labor union any
thing in the nature of a trust when Its
complement embraced thousands of wage
workers and producers.
More speeches followed by Professor
Bernard Moses, Judge W. H. Beatty. Rev.
Theo. C. Williams of Oakland, Professor
Howison, Horace Platt and others.
Regrets were received from General W.
H. L. Barnes, who had contracted a bad
cold at tho launching of the Japanese
cruiser and was consequently unable to
leave his home to attend the dinner.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
P.T'SINEPS OFFICE of the San Francisco
', Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
! until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— O27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
333 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
Hi Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
B.W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets;
open until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
Bit MlsMon street; open until 9 o'clock.
IMS Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N.W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; oj>en till 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. M
M.— First degree THIS (TUESDAY) _JV_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. 7W\
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary. '^f_
GOLDEN 'Jut.. Lodm No. M, F. and A. ■
U.— Called meeting THIS (TUBS- -JV-
T-AY) EVENING. January 25. at 7:30 JKJT
o'clock. First degree '
QEO. J. HOBE, Secretai--.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. •
M . wi'l meet THIS (TUESDAY) _JV_
EVENING, January 2.'.. at 7:30 JLJK
o'clock. M. M. dettree. Ny order of 'W
the 11. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.. •
121 Eddy St., meets THIS EVENING, _J\_
7:30 o'clock. 3 D. /slJ\
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec /V^
UNITY Encampment No. 26. I. O. O. A /g
F. — Installation of officers TO- y°
NIGHT. /\
A. N. PEACH. C. P. • X
"A NICHT Wl' Burns"— St. v C 7 St,
Andrew's Society will celebrate 3S, \myJ2
the 139 th anniversary of the birth tJKjLxj*
of Robert Burns, TUESDAY *«=£**
EVENING, January 25, in Scottish Hall, 105
Larkln St.. Songs, readings, etc., selected
from the works of the poet will be rendered
by well-known artists. An address on the
genius of Burns will be delivered by John
D. McGllvrary. Dancing at 10. Tickets, 60c;
children. 2f.c. '
JAMES 8. WEBSTER, President.
A. C. BALLINGALL. Secretary-
TO the shareholders of the Independ- - 2C >.
ent Red Men's Hall Association— >?*l*^"
You are hereby notified that the an- JaJt^"
nual general meeting of the shareholders of
the above association will take place on FRI-
DAY. January 2. v . at 8 o'clock p. m., in the
Red Men's Hall. 510 Bush st.
CHARLES SCHLESINOER, President.
B. A. I.AMMANN. Secretary.
MASONIC <'etnetery Association— The annual
meeting of lot-owners In the Masonic Ceme-
tery will be held at the Masonic Temple
TUESDAY AFTERNOON, February I
at 2 o'clock, for the election of thr^e trustees
and such business hs may legally come be-
fore it. GEORGE J. KOBE, Secretary.
NOTICE of meeting— Th» r.guiar annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of The Nevada Na-
tionpl Hank of San Francisco will be held
at its banking office. 3»1 Montgomery Ft.. San
Francisco. Cal.. on MONDAY, the twenty-
first f2lst) day of February. MM, at 3:IJ
o'clock p. m. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve during th" >-a-
suing year, and for the transaction of such
other business as may c r:ie before the meet-
ing. D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
Snn Francisco. January 20.
THE regular annual r>eating of the Stock-
holders of The National Ice Company will be
held at the office of the comrany. 07 Mar-
ket street. San Francisco. Cal.. on WEDNES-
DAY, the 2.1 day of F.bruary. 189 S. at the
hour of 11 ..'clock a. m.. for the purpose nf
electing a board of directors to nerve for the
ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other businoss as may come before the meet-
ing. J. T. DONAHUE, Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best In America- The Weekly
Call. Pent to any address in- the United
States or Canada one year for $1 CO. postage
free.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Union Iron Worka will be held at the office
of the company, 222 Market st . San Fran-
cisco, on TUESDAY. January 25. IS9B. at 11:30
o'clock a. m . for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
J. OB. GI'NN. Secretary.
Office. 222 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.
January lfl. h?r.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader" and
mind reader. Rooms 2 and 3. 120H Geary st.
BAD tenants -J.cted for $4; collections made;
c.ty or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st..*room S; tel. C5BO.
MILS. DR. FISH. rin. 3. HfiA^GranT aye.l elec-
trician; alcohol. Turkish baths; unrivaled.
JNO. HULTHEN. electro-magnetic massag*
treatments; aloohol baths, s Mason »t.
MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths, us Taylor st.
MRS. STEWEUT, genuine steam and cabinet
batha. iam Qeary st.. room 11.
ROOM Renting Rureau, room 24, Flood bull.i-
Ing. cor. Fourth st.
B7 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: bram-h office of The Call. Subscrlp-
_tlons_n_TMi -n ant ails taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALB.
SUPERIOR Swedish waitress and parlor maid
desires situation: best references. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
A NO. 1 American Protestant cook, best of
references, desires a situation. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
SWEDISH chambermaid wnnts situation:
city tr country; best references. Apply
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter; tel. Green 721.
NORWEGIAN houi>i>girl. good cook and laun-
dress. 01, city or country; alco a neat Ger-
man girl an nurse, upstairs or housework. $10
to $15. A I'iily at the Swedish and German
Employment Bureau Mll^. NORTON, 323
Putter st. Telephone, Green 721.
AMERICAN y,,unz Inly wi-h.-:-. situation to
dean in office work, houseelenning; sleep
h.>me. Call 128 Fourth St.. rm>ui 4.
i ; K.I '.MAN Kir! wishes situation to do general
lWWewuih. NX. cor. Turk and Fillmore sts.
WOMAN wishes work by the day: houserlean-
inp or <■■,-><, king; good laundress. 442 Jessie St.,
near Sixth.
YOUNG woman wants a position as cook In a
boarding-house, or will go out by the day
washing or cleaning. Address 716 Post St.
2 RESPECTABLE ladles wish positions as
eoofcs, ot win .lo any kind of wurk in order
to go to Klondike. Address box 765. CtSL
SITUATION- wanted by German girl to do
housework In small family; no washing.
Address box 7f,4. Call Office.
DANISH pirl. 15 years old. wishes a place In a
nice American family. Call 1011 Mission st.
A lady to do house-cleaning. Call same place.
FINE handsewer. recently from East, wants
position as dressmaker or private family.
It I.KHUMANN, 1259 o'Farrell at.
GOOD reliable woman wishes position as
housekeeper; city or country. Address C.
1 8.. 15 Hyde st. *
WANTED— a refined and educated young
lady, a position as copyist, correspondent or
assistant bookkeeper; good penman. A.
SMITH. 519 Eddy st.
COLORED jtirl would like a position as
child nurse or assist In housework. Apply
1711 Jones st.
YOUNG lady wishes situation as Frencfc
nurse or upstairs work; country preferred.
14 William st., rear. •
YOUNG German woman wants work In a hotel
or rooming-house. Call 549 Fourth st.
SITUATION wanted by a young woman to do
chamherwork or wait on table. Address A.
R.. 734 Minna *t.
SCOTCH girl knowing how to do all kinds of
housew ,rk wishes place In American family:
can give references. Call 3643 Twenty-fourth.
GOOD wiman cook wishes position in hotel to
do German or American cooking; city pre-
f«rred: not afraid of work; early riser. 1024
Howard st.. room 24.
SITUAI- OJSS W. JfTED— Continued.
■ GERMAN woman wishes situation for light
housework. Address 755>4 Stevemon St., near
Ninth and Market. ■ ■■
YOUNG lady wants a position In millinery;
gi a trimmer. Address S.. box 11. Call office,
Oakland. j
WANTED- Situation as nurse and companion
to Invalid; best of references; no objection
"to country, or would travel. Address M. D.,
21 <V? Pine St. _\
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry: low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
SITUATION.* WAXTED-3ULB.
TO SUPERINTENDENTS & MINE OWNERS
For first-class miners, mechanics, carpenters
and others, send your orders to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 62$ Sacramento St., San Fran-
cisco. '. - ■ -
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1937. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414*4 O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
HUNTER & CO., Chinese and Japanese emp.
office. 614% California st. ; tel. Main 231.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening. VU% O'Farrell; tel.Davis6os.
STKAPY jrong man lately In the city wishes
situation In a stable or any kind of work.
31.'.' ; Jessie st.
YOUNG man. Erpllsh, desires situation on
gentleman's country place to take care of
cows, help in garden and generally useful;
references. Box 767. Call Office.
THOROUGHLY reliable, competent young man
having several years' experience In mining in
British Columbia and Alaska, .and knows of
some good propositions in Alaska, would like
to have an interview with a party of means.
Box 762. Call office.
SITUATION as engineer Or fireman. Address
W. H. BARKER. 302 Francisco St., city.
KKLIAHLE. Industrious German gardener;
understands taking care of horses and cowa
and handy around the place; good references.
Address box 763. Call office, city, Oakland
or Alameda.
ORRMAN, middle-aged, married, speaks good
English, mechanic by trade, handy with tools,
wants any situation. liox 770, Call office.
GOOD sober man with references, wanta
plant) with private family or kitchen work;
teamster, grocery store; gardener. Address
106 Collingwcod.
ENGINEER and machinist, also good carpen-
t.-r, N, willing to ro anywhere; first-class
references. Please address B. 347 Minna st.
Si iBER and indiiFtrlous young German desires
position as assistant gardener, or will do
gardening and chores on large private place;
Al references. 33 Chesley st.
WANTED— Situation by man with horse and
light spring wagon; any kind of work; best
of reference. 114SH Folsom St., city.
YOUNG man wishes situation in family; un-
derstands care of cows and horses, garden,
chickens, etc.; willing to make himself use-
ful: reference. EDW. SPREAD. Golden
Eagle Hotel, room 49.
POSITION for man and wife; German, with no
children: wife to cook or chamherwork; man
handy at any kind. Box 755. Call.
WANTED by a gentleman of experlence-A
business position; references first-class. Ad-
dress G. M. S.. box 300. Call office.
YOUNG man. IS years, living with parents,
wants position; reliable and trustworthy;
best references. Address F. B. W\. box 2671
P. O.
MONET loaned on watches, diamonds Jew-
t-lry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 16 Grant ay.
GERMAN cook and baker wants a situation
for hotel, restaurant or boarding-house. Call
217 Second st.
GARDENER, young man. at present employed
In private family, wishes to make change at
end of month. Box 671. Call office.
MAN and wife want to run a boarding-house
In mining camp or station; with reference.
Address MRS MONACO. Rodeo. Cal.. care
Union Oil Works, Contra Costa County.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: Ml rooms, Xc to II M night; 11 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
WANTED— By a young man. a place in a
wholesale house; not afraid of hard work.
Box <>4S. rr a ll office.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
REFINED Cerman second girl, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
TOUNQ Kir!, care of child, $10; sle«p home.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutler st.
WOMAN, light housework, $15; sleep home.
MISS CULLEN. =25 Sutter st.
WORKING housekeeper, with a child. <12.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WORKING housekeeper. $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Suttor st.
GERMAN girl, bakery. $18. MISS CULLEN,
Bl Sutter st.
COOK. Santa Clara County. $2": 3 In family;
good place MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
T\V(> nurses, $25 and $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, wait one meal. $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Putter st.
GERMAN or French maid. $25; French second
girl. $25. Miss CULLEN, 325 Butter st.
COOK, Berkeley, $25; cook. city. $35; cook, Mo-
desto, $21. fare paid: 15 housework girls, city,
$2<l ami $2H : 1 young girls, assist, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED girl, care of child 6 years old, $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MAID, $15. MISS CULLEN. 825 Sutter st.
PARLOR maid and waitress. $25; German
nursery governess, $25. MISS CULLEN, BS
Sutter St.
WAITRESS, hotel, city. $20; head waitress,
country. $25; see party here. MISS CULLEN'.
B5 Butter st.
WORK INC housekeeper, with a girl, $12. MISS
CULLEN. BE Sutter st.
GIRL. Redwood City. 80, see party here;
girl. Turk. lift; second girl. $20 to $25: 3
girls. Alameda. $20: girl. Shasta Co., BE;
girl. Laguna, $20: girl. California, $20; girl.
Ross Valley. $20: girl. Castro. $20: girl. Mill
Valley, $25. see party here; girl. Mason. $20;
girl, Filbert, $2": girl. Broderick, $2o : girl,
Fulton, B0; girl. Cough. $20: girl. Callfor-
nlfl 2 in family, $25: second girl. Pierce. $20:
girl. Franklin. $20: girl. Seventh St.. $1S;
girl. Eddy. $25: girl. Washington, $25: girl.
Golden Gate aye . ?20; girl. Raker, $20: 28
girls. $15. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market st.
CHAMBERMAID, $6 a week, call early; 3
chambermaids, lodging-houses. Sl5 to $20 per
month, room, etc.: 4 waitresses. $5 a week;
3 chambermaids and wait some, $15 and room;
2 waitresses, country hotels, $20 and room.
MARTIN & CO., 749 Market st.
3 WAITRESSES. $6 and $7 a week. MARTIN
& CO., 749 Market st.
IRONER. hotel laundry. $*) per month. MAR-
TIN & CO., 749 Market st.
POLISHER and starcher: hotel laundry; $30
and found. C. R. HANSEN « CO.. 10S Geary.
WAITRESS: Stockton; $20. C. R. HANSEN
& OCX. 108 Geary* st.
FINE ironer, country hotel. $2o and found. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 10S Geary M.
COOK, country hotel. $25: assitant, $CO. C. R.
HANSEN Sc CO., 10S Geary ?-t
HOTEL housekeeper; one having first-class
hotel experience- only need apply $40. C. R.
HANSKN ft CO.. 10S Geary Ft.
FIVK waitresses for country hotels. $20; wait-
ress, near city. $20: 4 waitresses, city hotels.
$20; 6 arm wmltr— is. city. $1«. 80; cham-
bermaid and wait, $15: restaurant .waitress,
near city. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108
Geary st.
TWO first-class chambermaids, same country
hotel. C. R. HANSKN & CO.. 1«8 Geary st.
GERMAN parlor maid and waitress for a fam-
ily of 2. $25. C. 11. HANSEN & CO., 10S
Qe*ry st.
PRIVATE family cook. $30; 4 cooks. German
style. $25; 25 girls for general housework. $20.
$25; 12 young girls to assist. $12, $15. C. R.
HANSEN & CO. t 10S Geary st.
LADY cl.-rk for our female department. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary St.
WAITRESS. Stockton. $20: Sacramento, $20;
Salinas. $20; 3 for city. $20; 2 for city. $15; 2
tronere. $35 and $25: head cook for the Ist,
country hotel. $35; cook, second and general
housework girls, city and country, $30. $;.">,
$20 and $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st.
GERMAN or Scandinavian woman, with a child,
as housekeeper on ranch, $15; housework
girls, etc.. for the country. MURRAY &
READY, 634-6C6 Clay St.
WOMEN to cook for men, country. $30- ranch
cook. $25: German cook. $30; Swedish house-
girl. $25. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter et.
NEAT German housegirl, 2 in family, $20-
chambermaid, $15; nurse. $15; cook, $25; 2 sec-
ond girls, country. J25 each: number of girls
to assist. $10 to $12. MRS. NORTON, 323
Sutter st.
COOK, must understand German cooking. $30;
2 chambermaids, $1>: nursegirl, $15; 10 girls,
housework. MRS. HIRD. 721 Ellis st.
15 YOUNG cooks, boose and second girls: also
nurres an.l y.,u:ig trlrls to assist. MRS. LAM-
BERT. 4J7 Powell ?t.
STRONG young girl for general housework*
$15. 15UA Howard et.
WANTED — Girl for second work and assist
with children. 160S Fell st.
HELP WWISII- fon tinned.
PROTESTANT girl for housework. 2 in family,
across the bay, $25; German waitress and par-
lormaid. $25: 3 German, French and Scandi-
navian KCOSd girls, $20 and $2i; German
nurse, $20: 4 cooks, German style. $25; cook,
small boarding-house. $25; 3 waitresses, ho-
tels, $20. and a great many girls to till our
numerous situations in city and country- J-
F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Batter St.
WANTED— GirI or woman for general house-
work from- 8 a. m. to 2 p. m. every day. 223
Polk st.
GIRL for general housework and children, $15.
910 A Devisadero st., near McAllister.
GOOD woman: housework for 2; no washing.
319 West East st.
GIRL for housework; wages $10; a good home.
902 Powell st.
SMART waitress for small restaurant: sleep
home. 324 Larkln st., cor. Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— German girl to do general house-
work and cooking. 539 McAllister st.
WANTED— Good girl for general housework.
$17. 397S Nineteenth St., 1 block from Castro
cars.
MANAGING hotel housekeeper; midtfle-aged:
experienced; $40; good references. 1018
Washington St.. Oakland.
2." GOOD reliable girls; best homes in Oak-
land; highest wages. 1018 Washington St..
Oakland.
LADY office clerk; select ladles' trade; per-
manent; good salary. 1023 Market st.
FRENCH dressmaker; fashionable: order
trade; 3 seamstresses; clerk. 1P23 MarKet.
NEAT, willing girl for upstairs work; sleep
home. 2520 Vallejo st.
WANTED— A girl; sleep at home. 1713 Leav-
a en worth st.
WANTED— GirI to assist in housework and
children. 923 Dolores St., near Twenty-second.
WANTED— GtrI fnr downstairs work and cook-
ing. 1223 McAllister st.
GIRL who understands buttonholes and help
on custom coats. 774 Folsom St.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
GERMAN girl as housekeeper and companion;
good wages. Box 753, Call office.
SCHOOLGIRL about 14 to assist in light house-
work. 10 Hyde st.
WANTED— GirI for cooking and general house-
work. 2211 Sutter st.
WANTED— Shirt finisher. 621 Valencia at.
KFMOVED— Dr. Wise, the ladles' specialist, to
1608 Market St.; monthly troubles, etc.
YOUNG girl for general housework. Apply 214
Hyde st.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
st.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
LOT of uncalled-for shoes from 25c up to $1 25.
ECS Mission st.. bet. First and Second.
LADIES' shoes, solelng. 35c. men's shoes, sole-
ing. r.Oc. : al! repairing done at half the usual
price. 562 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d.
THE McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School Is the best place to learn; Mechanics'
Fair diploma: patterns cut 25c up. 103 Post.
HALE HELP WAITED.
BOY, $10 per month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter Ft.
COOK. $60 and room, see party here 9 to 11:
cook, $12 a week and room, hotel, see party
here; second cook, mining camp, $35. etc.;
took, restaurant, $75 to $90. MARTIN & CO.,
749 Market st.
MAN and wife as cook and helper, $fio and
room; see party here. MARTIN & CO., 749
Market St.
7 WAITERS, $5, $6 and $7 a week; 3 waiters,
$25 and room; 4 waiters, $20 and room. MAR-
TIN & CO.. 745 Market St.
2 DISHWASHERS, $25; 3 dishwashers, $7 a
week. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market st.
MAN to open oysters; meat cutter, small res-
taurant. MARTIN _• CO.. 74:> Market St.
MAN and wife as cooks, $90, room, etc.; see
party here 9 to 11 a. m. MARTIN & CO..
7l« Market st.
3 ERRAND boys, $3 to |4 a week. MARTIN &
CO.. 749 Market st.
FLANNEL washer, steam laundry. MARTIN
& CO.. 749 Market st.
HOTEL AND RESTAURANT DEP'T
3 cooks. $30. $40 and $35; 2 second cooks, $30
and 125; 2 dishwashers, $15; 3 waiters. $25 and
found. MURRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay St.; phone
Main SMS.
SAWMILL AXU WOODS DEP'T
>>>: tiemakers, Be, 9c and 10c each; 57 shingle
and box bolt makers. MURRAY & READY.
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay
st.; phone Main 5848.
MINERS
3 miners to dig a large well, $3 day, fare
40c; 4 gold miners for Calaveras County.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
CITY WORK
6 laborers to shovel sand, etc., $1 75 day; 5
pick-and-shovel men, $22 per month and
found; 7 strong laborers, $1 65 day; 3 team-
sters, $25 and board; stableman, $35 to $40;
washer for a stable, $30 and found. MUR-
RAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. ; phone Main 5845.
TOBACCO RAISER AND CULTIVATOR .
Wanted. $25 and found; 6 farm hands, $20 and
$25; 2 choreboys; 2 Dane or Swede farm
hands, $20 and found. MURRAY & READY.
Leading Employment Agents. 634 and 636
Clay st.
FOREMAN
Scraper foreman with experience In ditch
and creek work. MURRAY & READY. Lead-
Ins: Employment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay Kt.
MARRIED* ~
15 m. re families to go Into Santa Cruz
County and cut wood. Full particulars at
MURRAY & READY'S, 634 and 636 Clay st.
5 WAITERS, country hotelß, $25 and $30; 2
waiters, city, J3 O ; 3 omnibuses, $20 and $25;
porter boy, $5 a week; waiter, $25 and fare
advanced: waiter. Alameda. $25 and room. C.
R. HANSEN A Co.. 108 Geary St.
MARKER and distributor, country laundry,
$30 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 10S
Geary st.
GERMAN boy to help around In a saloon, $25.
C H. MANSION & CO., 108 Geary st.
ALSATIAN, Swiss or German head cook, $125;
second cook. $75: baker and pastry cook. $C 0;
first and second cook, small country hotel,
$90, see boss at office: cnok. mechanics' ho-
tel, $40; short-order cook, small country place,
J3.J; second cook. $40. third cook, $30. hotels.
City. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
Al DOUBLE circular sawyer and filer, $5 a
day. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
WANTED— Second cook and broiler, $50; res-
taurant waiters. $25 or $5 a week; Spanish
cook, omnibus. $1 25 day, and others. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED— SO railroad tiemakers, Bto 10c each;
20 woodsmen handy with ax ana saw to make
ties. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED — S first-class quartz miners, $3 day,
see boss here; 3 coal miners, by ton. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 3 iron boatbuilders, $3 day; S ship
carpenters. $2 50 to $3 day, and others. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— BIank book and Job ruler $3 to
$3 50 day. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cooper for winery, $50 to $60 and
board; coachman with city references, $30 and
found; vlneyardist. $60 and board; wlne-
mnker. $75 to $100: 10 young men to learn
pruning irt vineyard, no experience required
$20 per month and board; 2 milkers, near city,
$:.". per month; young German for housework
In private family. $15 and found; and others
W D. EWER & CO.. G2t> Clay st.
WANTED— Young man as solicitor for print-
ing. Apply between S and 10 a. m. at 33
Eighth st.
SECOXD cook. 16 Post street.
FIRST-CLASS waiter wanted at Hotel Riche-
lieu. Van Ness eve., this morning.
GOOD barber shop for sale. Apply 225 Fifth
street.
FIREMAN, steamboat; grocery clerk: furni-
ture van driver; collector. 1023 Market st.
HOTEL clerk; notion salesman; mechanical '
engineer; see lists places open. 1023 Market.
M GOOD reliable ycung men to fill positions '
now ready. 1023 Market st.
PARTY with $150 to rent IS acres garden land
Rnd a 4-room house furnished. Owner, box
172. Gllroy.
WANTED— Bootblack for barber shop and
clean bathrooms. 120 Geary st.
WAITER wanted at Arcade restaurant. 122
Filth st.
PARTXER in a bakery and confectionery to
Improve business. Address box 755. Call.
BARBERS— For sale 1-chair shop; price $50.
Market Ft.; low rent; bargain. Inquire at
Call Office.
BARBER shop: 2 Columbia chairs, baths and
cigar stand; good location: established S
y:ir;-; must sell. Inquire Call office.
STEADY barber, young man. 2 years" experi-
ence, to work on a per cent: must be good
hair cutter and shaver. 701 Larkin st.
WAKTKD-A few energetic canvassers, male
or female: from $1 50 to $5 per day easily
earned by the industrious. Apply The Na-
tional Christian Messenger, 429 Montgomery
st., San Francisco
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— A dishwasher at 311 Battery St.,
restaurant.
WANTED— Men and women: work home; I pay
$8 to ?16 a. week for making: crayon portraits;
new patent method; any one who can read or
write can do the work in spare time, day or
evening; send lor particulars at once. H. A.
GRIPP. German Artist, Tyrone, Pa.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry: low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
SHOEUAKSSRS to get men's calf uppers,
$1 ■ same price to order. Best American,
$1 50. SHIRLEY. 92! Howard st.
NICE attic room in exchange for 1 day's work
per week or 1 hour each morning. 22 Harper
St.. off Thirtieth, bet. Sanchez and Hoe,
WANTED— 6 boys Sunday at 10 a. m. to sell
official jubilee badges. 535 Clay st.
GOOD 3-chair barber shop for sale, cheap.
43V4 Third st : _
25-CENT barber shop and bath; country, near
city; good chance; good reason for selling;
mu.-t be sold. Address box 692. Call otflce.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years who are citizens of the
Unite,! States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
pppak. read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height.
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting office. 20 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED -Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St. : ISO large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
2000 PAIRS shoes— Another lot of men's shoes:
been slightly damaged: at less than one-
fourth their value: from 25c to $2 50. 583
Mission St.. bet. First and Second sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 26c a night: reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Roome 25c to $1
night: $1 to $4 week: hot and cold bathf
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LAKE'S. £04 Davis St.. near Jackson.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
fice. S. FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.
4 MARKET St.— Branch office of The Call:
want ads and subscriptions taken.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call: want
ads and subscriptions taken.
EINGLE rooms 10c and 15c night, 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. 8.
F. Barber College. IJR% Eighth.
ELCHO House. BC3H Market St.— Rooms 20c.,
26c to 50c night; « To »2 week.
I ROOMS. 15c to 75c per night; 50c to $1 50 per
week Oriental. 225 Drumm st.
WANTED— At Montana House, 754% Mission;
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night: 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED, to collect wages due laborers an_
clerks. KNOX Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth.
for a room: gsc ft night: $1 a wepk.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS to canvass for Apollo Incandescent
gas lights. 123 Ellis st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
t»orr>ery St.- highest nrW« r>"l<'- Tel T>nvl«. 7TL
HOUSES WANTED.
I WANT a sunny flat or house, 7 to 9 rooms,
in perfect condition, 15 minutes' walk from
Palace Hotel, for 1 year or longer; if partly
furnished will board owner If desired on suit-
able terms: rent must he about *30; family 4
adults. Address box 631. Call office.
HvtOMS wanted.
FURNISHED rooms wanted— Parties bound
with waiting boat's departure. 313 Bush st.
FURNISHED rooms wanted— Married couple
without children or business. 313 Bush st.
SUNNY front room with private family;
within 4 blocks of Eighth and Mission sts.
Box 76fi. Call office.
»IOAKI)I.\G WASTED.
MIDDLE-AGED single gentleman occupying a
prominent and responsible position, is de-
sirous of permanently locating himself with
a liberal minded and social family where he
could enjoy home comforts and privileges:
comfortable room or suite with freedom of
• • the house and breakfast: will pay good price
if suited. Address "Home," box 689, Call
office, with full particulars.
WANTED — Good home near school or board-
ing-school for boy of 9 years. Address, with
particulars and terms, box 650. Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WE buy all kinds of second-hand tools, stoves,
i etc. JAMES CURTIN. 1123 Market st.
SECOND-HAND clothing, dresses, sealskins.
wanted; best prices; send postal. 1020 Folsom.
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales, tools, etc.,
bought and sold. J. Livingston. 204 Mission.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold. silver, cast-oft
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
~ FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
SOLITAIRE diamond ring weighing 3% carats,
$165. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
< THOROUGHBRED young St. Bernard dog for
Alaska. Fifth and Delaware sts., West
Berkeley.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Me-
TNTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
FINE l»4-year-old St. Bernard dog; 31 Inches
high: weight 112: full pedigreed: a splendid
! chance for Klondike. Box 739, Call.
5000 PAIR shoe lasts; also dealer In second-
hand tools, machinery, etc- ; mail orders
promptly attended to. 646 Mission st.
FOR sale— Gasoline launch at a sacrifice; 23
feet long. S horse-power, Union make. Ad-
dress M. M. HAAS, Napa.
ELEGANT, almost new bar fixtures, very
cheap. 1003 McAllister st.
OLP buildings bought and removed at short
notice. Apply Old Bay District Track build-
iners or 629 A Ellis. J. B. FRENCH.
FINE saloon front, embossed stained class,
nickel plate, very cheap. 1166 Mission st.
BLACKSMITH'S outfit for sale; also stalls to
let. $1 75. 1166 Mission.
GAS stoves for heating, one-half price; 1 and
2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SPHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
SOME new and second-hand Sterl'ng wheels;
bargains. NICHOLS & CO., 404 Battery st.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 10»-lll Market, S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. J10: Records. $o per doz.;
Projectoscope, $100. BaciKalup!. 188-946 Mrfct.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-prea*.
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st. __^
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store ana
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAJT. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st.. above Sixth. .
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
FOR BALB-Cbeap: second-hand fireproof safe,
at 42 Main st. .
SECOND-HAND dynamos, gasoline and steam
engines, boilers, pulleys, sha^tins. laundry
machinery, etc. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
LOST.
LOST— GoId hunting-case watch, bearing the
name of the owner; $10 reward will be paid
■ by the owner and no questions asked. De-
liver to The Call business office. ___
LOST— On evening of January 23. on Sixth St.,
between Harrison and Howard, lady's go.d
watch and fob. Liberal reward at 23 OaK
Grove aye. . ,
LOST— Bunch of 4 keys. Deliver at 527-829
Kearny st. and receive reward.
WHITE bull terrier doer: brindle patch on
eye. Reward at 120*£ Clara st. '
BRING old cold and silver to me and get cash
for It. UNCLTC HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
~~ STORAGE.
AT low - rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN. 1017 to 1021
■ Mission St.. above Sixth: open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household poods, pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUS3. $40 Mission St. Tel. Mint IS2I.
~TYI'EWRITEr. a.
REMINGTON No. 3; fine order; $25; sampla
sent. SCOTT & BAXXAX. 333 Montgomery.
LEGAL notices.
THE California Debris Commission, having re£
ceived applications to mine by -the hydraulio
; process from O. M. Henry, in the Murphy
diggings, near Volcano, Air.atlor County to
deposit' tailings in Rancheria Creek- from
George A. Gritton, in the Clapboard Gulch
mine, near Volcano, Amador : County, to de-
posit tailings in Sutter. Creek; from Frank J
Goyan. in the Cox mine, near Placerville El
Dorado County, to deposit tailings In a ra-
vine;, from J. M. Longnecker. in the Hull
placer mine, near Genesee, Plumas County
to deposit tailings in a ravine, and from E
Becker and : Robert Mooney, in the Home-
stake , mine, near Amador ■ City, Amador
County, to deposit tailings in , Rancheria
Creek, Rives notic» that a meeting will ba
held at room 59. Flood building. San Fran-
:', Cisco, Cal., on February 7, 18SS, at 1:30 p. a.BUSINESS CII\N( I s.
LRST-CX»ABS restaurant and oyster
I . niahed rooms, in
ty a miles from S. F.. ;i rare busi-
a family ■ auae "f sale;
.! value |iso<.. WII.KK, 781 M^ik.t st.
•LD-ESTABLISHED
cation in Western Addition;
;'*.": average monthly receipts about
iill fresh .stock; owner to leave for
dike. WII.KK. 7^^ Market st.
corner grocery and bar. with 4 living
b. In Mission : hone and wagon; doing
a good paying business; no opposition within
a block: low rent. <" :l il WILKE. Market
: delicacy, branch bakery and i
H -: ; 2" living rooms:
rent $16; I avestment. WILKK. :-i
Market st.
$550— ROADHOUSE, about 10 miles from San
Francisco; 2 acres of picnic ground, pavilion.
5 living rooms, dining ball; rent $40: a No. 1
paying place. Particulars, WILKE, 7SS
Market street.
$2500— RAREST chance: corner saloon in very
best location in city: established many
years: clearing above J250 per mo. : lease;
large stock; the very bost class of customers.
Particulars, WILKE. T' : :" Market st.
$6Co— Ol,i-> nnd 8n laloon; clos«
Baldwin Hotel; best class of custom: net
rent 160; a fine business opening. Inquire
WILKK. 753 Market I
$500- COR]
tlon: will sacrif ' irture; sure
bargain: make offer. ARMST
t Bt.
I SROCERT
lurant doll •
-
Market st
See ARMRTRONQ .-' \ r .1 .1 'N. 865H Market.
$250— PARTNER wanted In good-paying res-
taurant; will pay $65 per month to each.
CI'REAX & CO., 30 Keartiy st.
(ISO — OLD - ESTABLISHED corner saloon;
worth triple; living rooms: cent $20. water
free. Particulars at 230 Tbird • St.
CHANCE for energetic man to make some
money. 33 Third st.
?300-^Partner wanted; light business; $1S to $20
a week; no experience required; trial given.
9 Geary St., room 2.
SALOON, cheap; doing fair business, with liv-
ing rooms: private entrance; rent $25. G66
Mission St.. near Third.
LA ESTI - " rnpany
Is pr> to sell a limited number of shares
at X *b or instaUments; sec
our a ' mm County exhibit at
Miners' Fair, and send for proapectus and
■1 La Esti M -4 and Mill-
Tuolurune
. , Cm I.
A O<~>OD chance for a live theatrical man; I
hold a 2 years' lease on the Jefferson Theater.
Seattle. Wash . and will either take partner
or sell. Ad.lress E. B. FRIEND, manager
Jefferson Theater, Seattle, Wash.
T go to Klondike, but buy saloon and
ninth; with or without Improvements: l^nse
5 years; large yard; hold 2 rifl chickens; out-
houses; investigate; no agents.
ORAND opportui right raai
partner, w'.th 12000 to $4000, to 1
very prof- -<=: strictest in-
>:irtlculars given on ;.-
lnt^- -'-main if
quired; no r.pents. i;> x 748, Call
14000— A chance. of a lifetime: one of the finest
fitted up saloons and family resort in this
eitv for ■ale; fine located corner; low rent
and long lease; owner mast leave town to
settle up estate. Address box 686, Call.
A—sfi<V):A — $fi<V): saloon and restaurant; opposite depot;
terminus 2 car lines; doing rushing business;
living and club rooms: rent $40: best busi-
ness opening in marKet. Inquire WIE-
LAND'S BREWERY.
PLAY the races on our new system: ff! n a week
on $100 capital: no charges unless successful.
Call or write the American Turf Bureau,
rooms 5 and 8. 850 Market St., S. F.
buys Interest In
lucrat'ye I ;i«'ness. with proapect of In
mil ROBERT BENJAMIN, 111
ity.
PHOTOGRAPH gallery; fine location; good
business: 4 years' lease; bargain for cash.
Ml Mission st.
' location, south at Mar-
ket st.; •■ and nice flxtnres: ride
; very reasonable. TV'X 694, Call.
BLACKSMITH'S tools and stock for sale:
«h- i ■ ply at 1129 Alabama Ft. : no
VBLIBHED gmceiy and
lea*e If required, or can buy
Apply this 'T. c
A BARGAIN— ... rrnrket and sausage fac-
tory: large traile: everything complete: party ,
leaving city. IFI2 Seventh st., Alameda.
yjM— RKSTAURANT and nynter house: rare
chance. Inquire ANDERSON. 34 Sixth St.
PATENTS.
SMITH !v! v ORBORX. ReeistM Patent Agents;
establish*-.} 1552. 319 Pine st., city.
f.27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Cl«y— Open until 9:80
o'clock: brar.ch office if The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ad* taken.
$100 WILL buy a fine drinking saloon, with
stock anil fixtures Inquire 6C7 Clay st.
SALOON for Bale; (100; southeast corner Tenth
and Howard ?ts: Klondike fever.
MAN as vanner: commission business In the
city. 1015 Market st.. room 17. second floor.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jew-
elry: low ir.t«re?t. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
BRANCH bnkery. candy and notions: living
rooms: erooi: business: cheap. ■"7 Ninth st.
BRANCH bakery, stationery, lunch business
for Bali 41" Stockton ft. .yf\i
FOR FAI/R or trade^-Barber-shon: best stand
in San Frnrcisro. Inquire 52 Eichth St. "
RESTAURANT dole* g.x-i business for sale.
C2<s Washington st.. In saloon: no agents.
PORTLAND asrency this paper. Inquire this
nffice or nt V,?, Third st.. Portland. Orejron.
COFFEE nni tea routes .... GF.O.
■VV. CA SWELL & CO.-S. 415 Sacramento st
$25— FTOnF" to let. cnr. Oak an! Franklin . suit-
■We for nny bne'ness. IS Grar.t-ave.
AL.V'K.V ENTERPRISES.
I ALASKA Cai«r.n Mining and Trading Com- j
pany: ofn>» No. 37 Crocker bid.. S. F.— The
company proposes river mining for gold In :
Yukon River by means of superior Invention, ,
to establish sawmills and machine shops and '
work with irrep.t profit in other directions. j
Call nr rvrlt*; fv.l! particulars. Shares, $10.
$2000 WANTEP to complete outfit and grub-
Ptake party of Z m°n bound for Alaska: 1 of -
tnr-m practical miners of "" years- exper-
ience: parties comprising thin party are men
of standing and can give ex.«-ptiona! refer-
enepg. ArHress F. A. P.. P.ox 52, Call.
PARTIES with f,V) or moro to build steamer
and dr".lger for Alaska. Box 47. Vallejo, Cal.
2 HARDY young Scotchmen, holding good po-
sition." in Enrlish vr-s«;e!, would tike to go to
Klondike if tli>\v cr.nid mpet perpon with can-
ltal v.illing to back them. Box 750. Call office.
3 MEN as partners for mutual aid: location
guaranteed: do not apnly urges'" you have. I
?"»' capital. Address box 742. Call. ■
LODGI.VG HOU-ES FOR SALE.
160-ROOM hotel; 100 boarders $10,000 i
14-room house, on Post 600 I
100-room bouse; line corner 7000
27-room house on Post st IWO I
24-room house near Call office 560
M rooms, fine corner ICOO
14 rooms, on O'Farrell St., only M
15 rooms, on Market, part offices &50 :
14 rooms, on Golden Gate aye.. rent $40.... 610 |
12 roTmst. central, grind furniture 250 '
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market et.. opp. Fifth.
GOOD chance to make money: SO rooms; rent
$76; terms, half cash, balance monthly pay- |
ments. 105 New Montgomery st.
FOR SALE — Coho Lodging 1 - house. 411 San-
some st. .
24 ROOMS: elegant location; clears ,*250 month;
rare bargain. Address Down-town*, box 6i3,
Call office.
FIHMTIRE FOR SALE.
THE balance of house at 1407 Powell St., must
. be sold before to-night; i fine walnut ward-
robe, 2 folding beds. 2 sideboards, IS Vienna,
chairs, carpets. -.2 lounges, 2 bedroom sets.
rugs, z>oo\ and card tables and 1 French
marble clock: at a bargain: cost $75. etc. I
HORSES.
JUST arrived — carlonds broke horses; 1200 to
1600 pounds. 10 Valencia st.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, chrts bought, sold
or exchanged; cheap storage; 40 horses; must
MIL T. P. NEWELL. ISO 2 Mission, cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for aale; also wagon*, buggies,
carts, hardens; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth Ft., auction ' sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
60 HEAD of horses suitable for any business I
Old Turk street Car Stable. 1301 Turk st.
WAGONS AM) CARRIAGES.
SECOND-HAND grocery. bakery delivery
wagons, 2-whe«led farts, road wagons, bug-
gies and harness bargains for cash. Fifteenth
and Valencia »t*. . - I
TOP buggy, new grocery, business buggy and
good 3-sprlng delivery wagon. 1161 Howard.
FINE laundry, baker's, and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy: also ' hack. S2S Harrison st. '; '
T I'HYSICIAXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
HOC Market; diseases of women a specialty, ,
HOISES TO LET.
FOR rent cheap to responsible parties — Neatly !
furnished house; 9 rooms and bath and lovely j
garden; call between hours of 1 and 3 o'clock: i
references required; as a part or whole. 717
Grove ft.
$25— HOUSE of 10 rooms, bath; garden, base- :
ment; sunny belt. 10» Cumberland st., be-
tween ISth and 20th, Guerrero and Dolores-.
I SEVEN rooms; bath; large cellar; in perfect j
or i- 135 Harriet st., bet. Folsom and Har-
rison. , , . ;.
HOUSE of 5' rooms. 460 Jessie St., between
j Fifth and Sixth sts.
| 7-ROOM house: modern improvements. 117
' Julian uve.. near Sixteenth and Mission ets.
WHY pay rent? Why not build? You can do
so. If you have mortgaged and wish to pay
it off easily you can get best terms of Amer-
ican Investors' Co., 11 Montgomery st. '
AT. OVER TOWN !
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL.. 10 Montgomery. j
SUTTER. 717. near Taylor— For office and real-
■ dence; S rooms; very choice; Investigate.
I COTTAGES TO LET.
j $6— REAR cottage. 4 rooms, baoement: water
free. 339 Jersey st ; Castro cars.
FLATS TO LET.
■ FLAT of S rooms and cellar to let; also flat
of 4 rooms. 334 Bryant st. :' : "
SUNNY bay-window fiat Of 7 rooms and bath. ;
NE. cor, of Dolores and Fifteenth Sts. |
FOURTEENTH. 728. near Market— Handsome .
_middle flat: ; Komi. ~
! NEW sunny flat: 5 rooms: large yard. 1408
I Green St., near Van Ness aye. -.-'.-.:
j HAIOHT and Baker— Sunny corner I and 6- i
room flats; good view; nice neighborhood. j
! til FLAT: double parlors, dining-room and j
kitchen. 41 Hermann st., junction of Market >
i and Valencia.-
1 $10— FLAT of 4 rooms, hall, double parlors. IS I
Loxingtcn aye., near Eighteenth st.
J A— 6o NICE flats nnd cottages, under $10.
, A—3oftA — 30ft nice flats, cottages and houses. $10 up. ;
| 20 new flats at SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market.
A PI nice cottages and flats on Geary St., nr.
Polk. SPECK CO.. 602 Market st.
1 CORNER flat; 6 rooms and bath. 1903 Mc-
; Allister Ft.
$IC— NEAT sunny flat, 3 rooms. 1 McCormac
St., off Pacific.
j MISSION. 1513—6 large runny rooms, bath, !
j yard and laundry: rent $18. j
' ALL OVER TOWN '
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 1C Montgomery st. -: ;■;-;.
i FLAT: I sunny rooms and bath. 35 Pond st.,
nr. intersection of Market and Sixteenth.
NATOMA. 714— F'.at of 4 rooms; large yard;
cellar: sun all day: $10. ■
■ $22— S-ROOM upper flat. 315 O'Farrell St., near
Mason. Apply 13 Grant aye.
I 5 ROOMS, bath, stable. IS Byington st. Ap-
ply 1621 O'Farrell st. $
i SECOND, 62C« — Flat of 6 sonny rooms, $15; also
cottage, 4 sunny rooms. $11. .
i $!! — I/iWER flat. 4 rooms; basement, mantel.
folding door. 715 Tehama st., near Eighth.
TURK and Pierce. NW. corner— sls; new upper
flat: 5 rooms and bath.
'■ TWENTY-THIRD. 3727. near Dolores— Pleas-
; ant flat in -good condition; 5 rooms: bath.
; WEPSTER. 518— nice (separate) flat of 3
j rooms and yard; rent $10.
: FURNISHED flat south of Market; 6 rooms
and bath. Box 741. Call Office.
i MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
dry; low interest. Uncle Harris. IS Grant ay.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BRYANT. 1101. cor. Ninth— I nicely furnlshM
' rooms, front: complete for housekeeping: $17.
■ BUSH, 612—2 large sunny furnished rooms,
i first floor, with kitchen; gas range.
BUSH. 2i20— 2 sunny front rooms, furnished;
' light housekeeping: no children. I
i EDDY. 3Js— Two large front rooms for house- !
keeping; private family. j
i ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call;
subscriptions and want ads taken.
I FIRS" 2S— 3 bright front rooms, completely
i furnished for liousekef ping: $12.
, GEAR 323— Front alcove room, well furnish- :
ed: running water; closets; suitable light
housekeeping.
GROVE, 202. cor. Van Ness aye. Sunny unfur-
nished 3-room suites; with gas stove.
HOWARD, 823— Suites of housekeeping rooms.
$12; single, $8 per month. |
JONES, 114— Sunny, convenient furnished flat; !
"2 or 3 rooms: half of cottage.
JUNTPER. R— Between Tenth and Eleventh, off
Folsom — Two large sunny rooms for house-
keeping: rent $10. or "- -with use of kitchen.
MCALLISTER. 2000 Cheap housekeeping
rooms; also single furnished or unfurnished.
MISSION. 1219— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms.
NEW MONTGOMERY. 105— Cheap furnished
. housekeeping and single rooms.
O'FARRELL, 535 — One to five unfurnished
rcxjms and bathroom; reasonable.
SIXTH. 119 A —3 or 4 sunny rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping.
STANLEY Place. 19— $10. 6 nice sunny rooms,
including bath: also $7 TO. I good rooms.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. jew-
elry: low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
ROOMS TO LET.
BUSH, — Two newly furnished rooms for
i :• men, at f7 and $S per month.
LEXINGTON, !12 Eddy— Large eunny front
suites; also etna for gentlemen*
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
ELGIN PARK, 3>>- Nicely furnished, sunny
room; private family; rent $5.
FULTON, 3 (Fulton House)— Nicely furnished
rooms; single or en suite; $8 and $15 up.
GEARY, 402— Sunny furnished rooms for gents;
$C and $7. :
GROVE, Sunny furnished rooms; private
family: near City Hall.
HOWARD, tTFj, ST. DAVIDS— 2OO rooms;
suites; single; -sunny reading-room; 25c up.
HOWARD, '■ - N rimlshed single rooms, $3 ]
and $4 ri(-rr i( -r month. i
HO WAI be: single, suites; read-
ing : So per night.
ll< >\\ Aill'. t&— B«»t and cheapest rooms In the
i
RD. lEl3A— Furnished rooms to let;
single or en suite.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite ar.d single: flrst-claas
in every reaped; terms reasonable. j
LARKJN - furnished sunny front
rooms, near Pavilion, for Jubilee visitors.
;:y. W>— Elegantly furnished suites atid
Einglc rooms for Jublle>- vi = lt ■ .rs.
MARKET. lOSJ— CStrm management); fine, clear.
roomF, fl to & SO per week; tranelent. 2Sc up.
MARKET, IOM -Large sonny frunt room; 4
windows; 30x40 feet: carpeted; $If>.
IfARB The Ha wthorne)— Furnished.
unfurnished; single rail., suites; Jubilee vis.
MINNA, 667, corner tUgfcfh— Newty furnished
bay-window room, $1 a week.
HANCOCK HOUSE 781 Mission; select family
rooming house; $1 50 to *6 per week.
21>4— Nice front room; gas and
bath: $■' month
mission, UU— Sunny bay-window front and
back parlor; Inrga kitchen; furnished.
NAT"MA. 27. near Third— 2 nice sunny
rooms to let !n small family.
MM Sunny famished room in private
family; use of kltcher.. or board of desired:
cheap to desirabi- party.
i POLK. I ft l2 Pleasint furnished room: 17.
rhe Montello)— Bonny suites
and single rooms; reasonable: transient.
'"..1.. MS— New house: newly furnished;
suits and stngle: also office rooms.
GRAND BOirTHEHN. SE cor. S.-venth and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms, en suit* and
single; elevator; moderate rates: tamtHea
SEVENTH, 144— Furnished BUltes and single
I rooms at towel rates. MRS. pp.aiii.
STEVENSON, EXH. bet. Sixth and Seventh—
2 nicely furnished rooms en suite; $10 per
month: private family.
i STOCKTON, 17, European Elegant rooms;
suite or single: day. weak or month: baths;
hot and cold water: transient: elevator.
: thfT ftaxford, OHf Butter— Salts, single
rooms for Jubilee visitors, • N day.
BU'ITKR. ;i:.-7r.v and iffl Hyde— Fomlahed and
onfnrniahed; choice for offices; reasonable;
Investigate.
TURK, 12^^-Furnishfd room, sultau." for a gen-
tleman: |S a month.
j 600 r»i ards printed $1; 25 vlattlng
sarda. So HILL. m\j Market «.
615 LA}:KIX- Branch office of The Call; «üb-
scii),t,on? and want ads tuken.
MONEY loaned on wr.trhes. diamonds. Jew-
l elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay. t
TIIE BJLB FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JAXUARY ?5, 1808.
BOARDING AM) ROOM 9
Er>DY, 220 — Sunny front single and double
rooms; first-class board. S3 50.
FKI.L. 24— Sunny furnished rooms: board op-
tional; parlor for 2 with board, $35.
FOLSOM. m— Swedish private boarding, with
$4 to $.') p«ir week: nice location.
BTOTBXi BAUBBURT: beautiful grounds; ta-
ble unsurpassed. 299 Hyde. cor. Eddy.
MISSION, 151i»»— Room, with or without board;
private.
TT'RK. M 2 Nice rooms and board in private
family; 1 iith. >rr«t>\ »xcellent table; cars pass
the door; terms $20 up.
> iill.l)l<i:N HOARDEU.
Wl^«>^\' with a c<mf,ir«nble hf.me would Mice 2
children to b.>anl; furnished room fur parent*.
61 Clara ft.
CHILD to board; b*"st of care: terms reason-
I able; references required. 1034 McAllister st.
YOtTNCJ English lady will take children in her
own home: good location; nice garden. Ad-
dress S, Box 11 Call office. Oakland.
ENGLISH widow would like two children to
board: furnished room for parents. 61 Clara.
WIDOW wishes few infanta to board. 281S
Bryant Ft., bet. 21th and 25th.
STORES TO LET.
BLACKSMITH: large shop; 2 fires; fin- loca^
tion; $13. 1223 Fell st.
! $20— FURNISHED large fireproof store: center
of business. St. Helena; long lease. Address !
, lock box 13. St. Helena, Cal.
TO let— Fine large store, with living rooms:
Poison St. between Eighth and Ninth; suit-
able for any kind of business. Inquire of E.
• PETERSON. 324 Bush st
. STORE and 6 rooms, suitable butcher shop or
I fruit store; chenp. 27th and Alabama sts.
S3" HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions arii ads taken.- '
OFFICES TO LET.
2 BAY-WINDOW suites, 2, 3 room*, nicely fur-
nished; suitable offices: reasonable. 821 Fills.
, 21S SANSOME st . now occupied by W. Loaiza
& Co. ASHTON. 411 Montgomery st.
STAI'.LES TO LET.
-
STABLE and 2 rooms, kitchen, bath. etc.. for
party with buggy or light wagon: rent rea-
sonable; reference required. Apply 211 Third
aye.. near Clew Mil st.
aitsitAi, annsum
ANY pereon having use for a piano need not
do without when good Instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4. $5, $«, *7. %*, $3
$10; handsome scarf and wood seat stool In-
cluded ;no charge for cartage. Purcahse your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Stelnway without sacri-
fice. SHSHMAX, CLAY & CO.. Stelnway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Butter sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CH
26. 2S and Sn O'Farrell st. Pianos, organ*
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the cußtonier.
BEFORE buying a piano It will pay you to
consult us Why? Heeause we buy only In
rnrlond lots, pay cesh for everything and
give the purchaser the advantage gained
thereby 11ENJ. iTRTAZ & SON. 36 to 20
O'Farrell Ft., Curtaz block.
CONOVER, sightly use<i. $-1.
Stelnway. slightly used. $273.
Chickerlng. second hand, $190/
Large stock, lowest price*, rent. Installment
The F. W. SPENCER CO.. 533 Market st.
PIANOS at cut prices: Improve the m
n!ty: arency famous Halnes Br.i« . Bosh *
Ocrts and Bollerman. WIC C HAMTLTON,
Successor to A. L. Bancroft *. r<^.. S2J Post!
AT GARDNER A GLASSELL'S. 20S Post St..
you will find a large and varied stock of
pianos: prices ami terms as reasonable as
nry house in the city. ••»."
DECKER A? PON pianos are always satisfac-
tory. Oet low prices from Mauvais Music
Co.. Ttf< Market Ft
SOHMER&Co.. Byron Maury, Newby, Evans.
Briggs and other pianos: see our rent plan:
no Interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post.
ADMINISTRATOR'S Bale— Musi sell pianos at
Immense reduction for cash or on Install-
ment- BATON ESTATE. 723 Market st.
PIANO. Weber, splendid Instrument M
(tan. 4 sets of reeds. IN, 11 I n Bt.
"t'Tj> Elesrant aprHrbt • ■
sell. 23P Kenrny Ft., room H.
BMALLEBT nd. lowest price. Heine. 136 Kill?
BARGAIX— Nice upritrht cheap. BCHXTTZ. l<j
11 MiFter st.. near Hlbernta Rank.
HORNTTNG'B new style pianon; most perfect.
brilliant, powerful tone. t\f. Post Ft.
KTVGsnt'RT n' r -7 mn<l»n is the piano you
w*nt. ,T ITARRT S<~OTT. M Hayes st.
«U-T'FPTr>R violins, ilthers. oM and n?w. n
MT'T^T.ER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place
KNAP' I : pianos: new Kate! n§w styles.
KOTTT.F.U <■ PHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities, no matter
what cause: Instant relief for travelers; a
cure effected at once without delay; safe and
sure at any time; private home in confine-
ment: beat care and attention; ladles In
trouble or suffering from any complaints pe-
culiar to their sex should consult the only re-
liable specialist of long and -successful prac-
tice before going elsewhere; every case guar-
anteed; consultation free and strictly confi-
dential. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1118 Market st.
A PROCESS that is perfectly harmless; never
..fails in any case of monthly sickness, no
matter -what cause; no electricity humbug
or other dangerous methods: money in every
case refunded If a cure is ■ not effected;
travelers helped immediately: years' experi-
ence; home In confinement with sanitarian
conveniences. Consult free the only reliable
physician?, DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 14 Mc-
Allister St., next Hlbernla bank; hour*, 9
a. m. to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once: safe
and sure at any time: kind sympathy and
aid: instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home In confinement:
best con- and privacy: for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where: regulating pills and capsules, $1
MRS. DR. WYETH. 918 Post st.. near Larkin.
ALT.., of Dr F'til^t'.- rapsules are guar
abMhlt* cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe ar.d sure; no danger or after ef-
fects: taken in time it also acts as a pro-
,ve: price ?1 M per b^ix. F.-nt fr^- by
n-.all on receipt of price: consultation on all
■pedal AteaaMa free. WALI^ER RROS.. 23
Grant aye , P. F. A caution— Before pur-
clif.Ptng olsewhfre, write us.
A PROCESS that never fnils to restore every
case of monthly slcVness from whatever
cause In few hours when n-ediclne* and others
havo fnil"'V. no instruments HMd; n mv
years' experieru-e; e\ cry case guaranteed, al-
vlce free- terms reasonnble: flrst-c!.ijis pri-
vate borne for confinement. MRS. DR.
DAI-EY. USfi Market st., over Owl Drugstore.
St'RE enre. wh-n fthers fall; no medicine or
Instruments; every- woman h°r own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter from
what on.i.sf-: restore In 1 d«y: never fh!!s; con-
rultation free: can be sent and used at home.
PR POPPER. 31^ Kearny. Orders by t»le
LADIES, Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Plll«
("Diamond Brands best: safe, reliable; take
no other: se r d 4c. stamps, for particular*
"Relief for Ladles." letter by return mall; at
druggist". Chich«-ster Chemical Co., Phlln
A bOOM to wiv-»«< nnd mothern— Scg'Jro 1 Brbf
Jl CO. RICHARDS & Co.. wi ,-..
2c stamp for r.jirticular* to Poguro Kanu-
facturing Co.. Bl X st., Sarram«>nto. ■
DRS. GOODWIN, diseases of women; ladles-
safe, quirk cure jruarnnteed: any ailment-
maternity home: best care; Rklll only: low
fees; Dr. Schuck's self-cure. $T>. 401 Van Ness
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
fem.\ •• ti-i.r*es: no danger; safe, rur-' $» v
express C. O. D.; don't delay until -*■> kite.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agent*. Oakland Csl
DR. HALL. 14 McAllister '. near Jonas—
Disonseß of women and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Poets: infallible safe reme-
• dies; 3S years experience. 2544 Fourth st.
HOME In confinement: diseases of w men
MRS. PR. FT'NKE, Mil Ith St.. Alameda.
DBS. K. & K. cure chronic, nervous, blood.
: «kln or private diseases. 8 Mason st.. S." F.
STERILITY fined by Mm. Dr. Battler, gradu-
ate midwlf<\ ly^t y-,,-, ■' ft.: t->l. ro.l >>,-ji
CARPET CLEAMMJ. ~
--, ,-.--. »■ .- -,-,,- -r,r. 1.iu..Rj..-i.rl .iu..Rj..-i.r. r .r>.rc».
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleanins Works; cleans,
moves. lay« carpet*. G. H. STEVENS. Mgr.
IS and 40 Eighth st. : telephone South 250.
WHEN. you become disgusted with poor work
send to -SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 358-;* Tehama st. : tel. So. 40.
GREAT Eastern ■ Steam Carpet-Cleaning;
Works, 14 Bth st B. GRANT. Tel. Jessie 101.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleanlnc Co.. 420 Sutler;
tel. Main 894. OEO. WALCOM. prop.
CLEANING. 8c: laying, Jc; rut; samples free;
tel Jessie 314. Stratton, 3 Eighth.
CARPETS cleaned and renovated . like new.
23 Tenth; tel. South 86. Mackintosh It Co.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 140 14th
•t. : cleaning *c a yard: tel. Mia. 74. ■
CONKLIN'S carpet-beatlnff works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. Telephone • East 126.
n;asoxALs.
WANTED— News of Captain James Guthrle
of Montrose, & M heard of on or
it Oth of July. is»«. and then residing at
2412 Greenwich St.. San Francisco; his fath-
er died "P. ihe Ist of O • bar, >!«7. Any in-
ttion will ba thankfully received by A.
BERN, 2112 Greenwich Ht.. Ban Francisco
or by BURNBSS & DICKSON, solicitors.
Monti of.
tGE- Will be in the office at 2 to-morrow,
January 25. L. H.
PRACTICAL hypnotism and suggestive thera-
-peutics taught; diseases and habits cured.
402 Vi Geary st. - .-■- .-
MARRY Send 10c for ln:ire list of patrons
w.-rth $5'X) to $50,000; strictly l-rivate. H L.
LOVE, box l*'"". fvnver. OHO.
PHBENOLOGICAL e.xamiratlons. instruction*
hrenolocy ":iJ human magneti.-,ni. 406»4
ti'Fur.-:! St.
I KN> '■>'•" fr m l>np exp*>rlenre what style
rM'-.is.s the best: hairdre.«sing. ;:» c .
switches, $1; fln.-.-t. best luality. $3 50; «xtra
. • " Mi all day, •
from 11 to 2. G. LEDERER, 111 Stock-
NEW meth 1 massace; etoetrta treatment for
nervi.usnf-ss, general debility; fut reduced;
IRS. JO] NW >N. ■;■!■_
TICAIi California mining foreman
tcquaintanoe or c .rre«-ponden' - - with boom
mining company; would go to Alaska. H#x
ill office.
'ARDB, n>: MM bill heads. $190: 100fi
noenta, $1 N; 10<>0 letter heads. $2 50; IdOO
envelopes, t\ 90; printed first class: orders of
nt free. T»Rf>WN * BLEY c<>, print-
ers an! paoto MIIIWWi 19 to 27 St-'venson.
PR. CONDORY* S
Klondike condensed food capsules. Price,
100 capsules $10. 1000 capsules $90. Address
DR. V. CONDORY.
959 Howard st.
•PROF. J. GREVEN will introduce three more
talent to the public in their own concert at
Y. M. C. A. Hall. on January 26. ISD«. Miss
M. De Cbent. dramatic soprano; Miss I.
Brown, mezzo soprano, and MR. M. AL-
BERT, high lyric tenor.
BIG outdoor stereopticon show every night cor-
ner Market nnd Sixth st?.; artistic advertise-
ments in living light: promoters of business.
Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., nr. Market: 200 rooms,
Me to $1 50 per night; $1 '•■'■ to $6 per. week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MISS ANDERSON, graduate. Swedish nurse:
baths; genuine massage; Swedish movement;
ladlos. gents. 906 Market St.. room 25. 2d floor.
ADVICE free: divorce laws specialty; private;
no few without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law, KB Market, cor Stockton.
BADGES, photo, and bad«e buttons, made In
San Francisco nt Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. K5 Clcy st.. S. F.
SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
LKMO6. IM7 Market «t.. b-t. 7th and «th.
QVTNONIA hair tonic; a preparation unsur-
RRCR. 11l St rkton st.
$14- Putt to r#der- samples; try one. NBU-
HAI'S * CO.. tailors, til Krnmy st.
CLOAKS and tailor-mad» suits retailed at
wholppplp fliruren. !" Sansome st.
BtTKP.FU'ors hairs removed by electrolysis.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME nOLPSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
J male ..v»r « Kddv st.. nn **.
< 1. \ik\o\ A.vrs.
MRS. DB V CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium: while en-
tranced she will reveal every hidden mystery
in life: si. will show you how to overcome
your enemie?. remove family troubles, restore
lost aff-cti^ns; unites the separated, recov-
ers lost, stolen, or buried property: locates
treasures, minerals; tells your entire life,
past, present and future, while in a perfect
trance. Hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect
satisfaction guaranteed by mall. Send stamit
for circular with speetai terms. MRS. DR. F.
CLARK. rms. 25 * 26. 12«« Market, opp. 6th.
MMX Pt>l:TET'.. wnnderful clairvoyant c*ri-
reader, horn douhle veil and second sight:
diagnosis disease. tn\\ life reading: la. Me:
rents Jl: palm, ft clalrv ; sit. $1 SO ISC Turk.
MM" I.!" NORMANDE: clairvoyant, card-
reader, magnetic treatment: hours 10 to 4.
401 I>avi'nworth st. ....-,.".":
MJIK. VAN DE VERE rwtvntad: card reader
Market St.. r
MMX JOSIE TAYLOR, card reader and genu-
ine magnet Ist. 22Z rvst st.. room 11, Id floor.
SIMK 'A I"•! IB c•• ' • I 1-r mm 1 ••
tic charms -• st . room S.
MMF MORBAU, test medium, clairvoyant,
curd Faader: JRc up. 71 Fourth St.. upstairs.
MRS FAIRBANKS, d :-voyant and palmist:
readlnjts 2.V- and r.Oc. Room 1. 10« slsth st.
SIMK. MABEL HAL!., card reader, has located
at 11"! Mlaaion st., room 10.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 123H Sixth at., room 14.
MRP. PR. ANNA THOMAS-Flrst In her pro-
fession: never fails: advice: help. 829 Post.
Miss LOLA M. HTKVK.VS. card-rasWHng nnd
r.-^tic treatment. 217 Mxf in. suite 1-2.
DR. ALlcr: FAT. medium and cnuine mag-
netic healer. 12S Sev. r.th fJ . second floor.
RAT FAlR— Card reader: macnetic healing a
specialty. StS Pout st.. room I.
IfinS. LTNPKN. card reader nnd mairnetist.
has returned: charms. 13fi Fourth st.. ro>mi !t
MIPS Lt'PE LAGTTED. card reader and palm-
ist* 214 O'F.irrrll st.. rooms 2 and 8.
MISS MELVILLE, groat clairvoyant an*
water r> ider itlU. Mission j.t.. opp.. Mint.
- iI.LA. the bualneM medium and
• '.ogrtr. Roc.m 12. 108 <".rar.t aye.
MRS. MANT'ENA. medium and pa!ml«t; r*»d-
Inm f IM» w*tk: sati^fact'i r, r^r'td. 16 «th.
MMX SYBILLE. cradle to graye 1 , future hus-
band's picture 2T.c: ladles. 9U O'Farrell st.
MME. SODAN, Scotch seeress. card-reader and
palmist. 619 Eddy. 9 to « P. M.
MIS- KPNA V. GRAIOT. mind reader and
pn!ml*t. mi Taylor st . . room S.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: n,->tv<=« elver- Tin htv R Fourth st.
SPIIt Tl AMSM.
DR. COONLEY, Blate writer, clairvoyant, holla
another seance to-night: slate writing, spirit
photos, phenomena; sittings dally; by mall
$1 CO. 1104 Market st. * *
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing se-
ance Tuesday evening. 50c. 227 Sixth st.
MME. YOUNG'S »'-?t circle to-night" 10c; con-
vlnelng rta; BAS McAllister; fine music.
C. O. MILLER'S materializing trumpet se-
ance 8 p. m ; 2.V-. V*: Leavenworth st.
MRS. MAYO-STEERS. 11«4 Oak: circles
Tues. S p.m.. Thurs. 2 p.m.: 25c; readings $1.
A. M. FRANCIS. Independent slate-writer: de-
veloping circle Wednesday eve. US Halght st.
MRS. HOSICINS. spiritual medium: circle
Tues.. 8 p. m.. 25c: readings. 81. 214 Franklin.
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
:>. -•-Pire< in«l a^\l"e ?1' Ktrwktnn «t
UEXTISTS. " ~~
FULL set of teeth, $5; painless extraction; see
our combination plate, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years; teeth without plates; crown
and bridge work our specialty; teeth Im-
planted or transplanted: fillings 50c crowns
?3 DO; • all i work painless and warranted
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
VAN VROOM electro-d.-ntal parlors; palnlest
dentistry: no "hock; painless extraction a
Hve fnrt: full set of teeth. $r. up- silver
filllnKs. Be up: roM crowna, |3 5d U p; your
te«th pot to without a plate; open evenings
It at., • r Pixth: 'Phone Jessie «95
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction 60c*
plates. $5: gold filling, 75c up: silver 25e up;
plates mended. II up; special Inducements
to Klondikers; open «-venlnss and Sundays.
9C9 Mission St.. cor. Sixth:
DR. UXTDLUM TIILI,. 144^ Market, nr. 11th; no
• charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plate«s made over like new: teeth from $S
rcr Xt; extrnctlnK Re; jras jrlven.
DR. OBOROE W LXXX. penuine Le^k d ent :
ii>t. rtli«cov»rer of pa'nless extraction and
intentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
v.lth"-.it plate, moved from t, to ?o O'Farrell.
$3— FULL 6et of teeth; best make; kept in
repair; extracting free; fillings, {We; crowns
$3 CO. Pacific Dental Parlors. IS Third st
ALLEN GRIFFITHS, dentist, has resumed
practice. 44 Donohoe I Mir. Market & Taylor.
L A. TEAGUE. A. CANE nnd F. TKAiirE,
• i to Call bldß.. fith floor, mis. (V)3-GO7.
W. C. rtARPTNG. M D., 600 Putter st . cor.
Fowell: tel. Main 537 T.; painless extraction.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR ~J~
W. KET. 1320 Market I
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H C
TOTJNO, -«41 Polk »t.
COLTON' r>»r.tnl AwoHatlow. «0« Market st.
PR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
~~ ATTOUXE YB~KT~iJ[x*\
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private:
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. ST.O Market, cor. Stocktn.
A VICE free: no charge unless . successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
~ MACHINES. ——
$2 -MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth ft.: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates. • 205 Fourth st.
CITY REAL. ESTATE.
ST(~ip paying rent. Begin the new year right.
Remember the difference between payin?
rent and owning your own home is worthy of
a great struKgle.
Two cottages of 7 rooms, bath. large pantry,
plenty of closet room, sink tiled. fine high
Ixistment. all floored, brick foundation, cement
side and garden walks, stylish front, all mod-
ern improvements up to date; must be seen to
be appreciated: OnoO; terms to suit purchaser.
Apply on premises, corner Portland aye. and
Mission St.. to J. M. OOMERFORTJ. from 1 to
8:30 p. m.; take M!sslon-Ft. cars to Cortland ay.
ISO DOWN, balance $ix ST. monthly; new <-roon
and bath cottage and lot: close to car lines;
I already sold. JACOB HEYMAX, 11 Mont-
romery st.
PROPERTY for sale and to let. all parts of
city and country. OEO. \V. H. PATTERS 'V
& CO.. Real Estate. Ins. Brokers. IT.X> Mkt.
BARGAlN— Handsome 2-rU<ry. C-ronm cottage;
ver>' sunny: fine view: 1114 Green St.
HOOKER ft ÜBHT, 14 Port s-t.
%r,'.n WTT.L. doIM 4-ro m <~ottris»e complete-
will call OEO. M. PALSBURY. builder. ;"1
X «.. Sunset District.
4-RM. cottage and lot. $1500: 1 block from Mis-
sion cars; $16 monthly PABIX. 413 Kearnr.
COUNTRY itEAI, ESTATE.
SWEENY RANCH,
NEAR REDWOOD CITY. SAN MATE'J
COUNTY.
Wo will subdivide the celebrated ranch of
the late Miles ]> Sweeny In tracts Of 100 acres
or less: rich noil for fruit, train and vege-
tables: plenty of water: this property imme-
diately adjoins Redwood City and is only one
hour's ride from ! Ran Francisco: suitable for
small home farms; prices I How all former
quotations and ur>on unusually easy terms.
For particulars cull or address
EASTON. ELDRIT>GE & CO..
6SS Market St.. San Francisco.
Or our branch office at Redwood City.
MOUNTAIN VIEW LANDS
FOR SUBURBAN HOMK&
Especially adapted to raising decld-u.us
fruits and vegetables: we have a few choice
suMivifionn of 10 lo *0 acres each In the N' -w-
hall & Wine tract, which we offer at extren'ely
low prices and on very easy terms: small cash
payment; balance monthly: one and a half
miles from Mountain View station. Apply for
full particulars tr.
EASTON. ELiPRIDGE & CO..
. C3S Market st.. San Franclscc.
Or WOOSTER & WIIITTON.
7 West Santa Clara St., San Jose.
WANTED— exchange 2000 acres of good
grain land close to town for Pan Francisco,
Oakland or Alameda property: equity al-
lowed: principals only. Bin 737, Call.
J3SCO— GOING at a sacrifice: an elegant ran
of J." acres, near he town of Ltvermore; 10
acres in bearing fruit, eight years old: being
prunes, pears and almonds: balance in hay
land: the buildings on the same were Just
completed last spring at a cost of $2400: good
house of 6 rooms and bath; cement basement:
fine tank house with servant's room in same,
together with a "good windmill; an excellent
well of water piped to the house and barn
and over the ground: large barn. 40x60; price
of place before Improvements were put up
was J4SOO. but in order to make a quick sale
party la willing to sacrifice and Fell at this
fljrure: the house is partly furnished, includ-
ing carpets, stoves, etc., which will go with
the place. GE0..8. M. GRAY. Real Estate
and . Insurance Broker. 454 Ninth st., Oak-
land
ANY one wanting a small ranch, for grnxing
purposes, or a moderate sized orchard, pa/t-
ly improved, payable on very easy terms,
apply to room *03. CUHM fipreckels building.
I.TTTI.H homes close to town: improve. 1: easy
term«. also 4 to 12 acre pieces on « and 10
years' rre.m. r>. If. TWTNG, P^n^ma City;
every Monday nt 632 Market st.. S. F.
HOT'SF. of 9 rooms: modern: yard Ut hy V*
feet: greenhouse plants, rood water, stable
and chirken yard: also goldfish pond: big bar-
gain Call at this office.
TO KKNT- Il7T> per year. fruit ranch In Placer
County : clears tiiOO per year. Rancher, box
Tf Call office
iCREfI good redwood timl.er land. Men-
docino I'ounty: party going away. 521 Va-
lencia St.
BOOK and list of chenp land free. M. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 CO, postage
fre«.
MOXEV TO LOAN.
ANT amount at 6S P p r cent on real estate: 2d
& M nriurtgaees, estates, undivided Interests,
real estate in pcobate, life insuranre. r
wnrehouse. furniture and pianos without re-
moval: mortgage-- and lesrn.Ses bought; no ile-
lay. R. ICcCOLOAN, !4 Montftomery. rm. 3.
LO/VNB on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alnmeda. at lowest rates, without
val: no commi«Rloni>: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth:
te!. South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tn'.n liberal adrnaeM on diamonds and lew-
elry at the lowest rates. Raldwln Jewelry
Pt..re. s«* Market st : tel. Green ?<M.
WE loan on real estate at C and K'-.. per cent:
nlso on second mortgages: life insurance and
real estate In probate: any sum. Manhattan
I. 'tin Co.. r. 10 fyround floor). Mi!l« buddlnK.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: no
commission: lowest Interest: part payments
receded: money quick and confidential. 1170
Market St.. room 68.
$1,000,000 TO loan on diamonds: low Interest:
perfect secrecy; private entrance: gentle-
manly assistants. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
<"i<> r>- a reKular lieenseil pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St.. upstairs; strlct!v private; low
rates: tel. Red 1121: established 1569.
CiN' furniture, pianos: city or Oakland: no re-
movnl: low rates: no commission: f!!> up:
private party. rtON'F.LLL, 40! Geary st.
ON furnlt!ire. pianos: no commission: low
rates; private. BCRIBNER, 7 City Ha
ANT sum. Ist or 2d m^rtr-afces. estates in pro-
hate, etc. Room 7. 5M Cnllfornta st.
tSO.WO; lowest rates: Ist and M mortp. ;
any proposition. Pryden. Nt MontcomTy.
CITT an.l country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
ffafre.i. e^mtes, "etc. MTRPHT, «* Mkt St.
On plnnos. furnifire: no removal: lowest
rates-: no com : private. 118 McAllister -»
10 SIXTH— Most reliable place to borrow
money: diamonds and lewelry.
A WSmCfl news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for trailing.
FINANCIAL..
J. BOAS, 330 Montgomery st. Ix»ana on life
insurance policies and buys bank books.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.: lowest
rates. McAFEE. BROS.. IPS Montgomery st.
MONEY "WANTED.
$100 FOR the use of $.'.OO for SO days: security
5 race horses in training: would bring $3000
at' public auction; promising prospects as-
Mirt-d. Address box :•;.'. '"all Office.
EDUCATIONAL.
lIEALD'S Business College. 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es: electrical, civil & mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 212 1 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1»92; cat&i&Kue.
AYRES 1 Business College. 325 Montgomery at.;
individual Instruction in shorthand, typing.
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech., survey, assay, archlt. : day & eve.;
e«t. KM. VAN PER NAILLEN, 931 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's countln* room makes you
thorough. Room 57?. 555 Market st.
FI.TTE. mandolin, guitar lessons; club $1
monthly. PROF. OAPTALPI. 710 Lombard.
HOOKKEEPING. arithmetic, writing, rram-
mar: day. nlsht: J5 mo. ISOJ Market, or. Sth.
ENDrVTPUAIi ir.Ftnu-ti^n. sharthanrt and typo-
writlnn; terms reasonable. 101SA Post st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ruslness Collepe. 12SC Mar-
ket St.; 114 positions In '9«: IP3 in '97.
Lrr>l.T*M School of Elocution and Dramatic
Art. 92S Putter st. ______2_!_
PROF, M. KOLANDER, teacher mandolin,
guitar and banjo. $35 Market St.. off Mason.
VOICE culture, piano Paris graduate: French,
Spanish: new classes; X mo. 100 Taylor st.
FISK teachers' ae-encies In 10 cities; teachers
wanted now. 4to Parrott building.
• TE A S^__
- . - TEAS.
10. 25, 30, 35. 40. M per pound.
COFFEES.
10, 15. 20. 25. 35. 40 per pound.
BPI
10, 15, 20. 2.'.. 40 ' per can.
RUNNING ICO STORES ENABLES US TO
SELL VERY CHEAP.
WE GIVE FREE
PRETTY DISHES.
GOLD WATCHES.
HICYCLES.
MUSIC BOXES.
AIR RIFLES.-
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WHY not look Into this If you desire a rare
hosnesH) ? Large lots for $200 upward; $10
cash and any sum you can afford to pay
.monthly; build your own home or we will
build it for you: Gallndo Tract, East Oak-
land; the soil and climate is superb; all lev*!,
with grand view; city water and sewer; fine
public school and electric cars; streets all
graded and macadamized: nice homes sur-
rounding and building up rapidly: call or
Fend for circular. 459 Ninth nt.. bet. Broad-
way and Washington st.. Oakland; carriage
free. 11. 7.. JONES, Owner.
14300— An eleeant new house of 8 rooms, laun-
dry and Lath: nicely finished and decorated
throughout: jlate glass windows; nickel-
plated plumbing, open work; cement bast -
mcnt with both side walls and ceilinK plas-
tered: In font, everything to mako a h..me
complete: situated on one of the main streets
of Oakland. For further particular? nj'ply to
GBOROE B. M. GRAY. Real Estate and In-
surance Broker. 4">4 Ninth St.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS IN AI.AMEPA HOMES.
FINE two-Story ho\ic 0 en Prondway: lot E<H
14H; price J24fo. Neat two stui'V house on
Baena Vtsta aye.: lot roxir.n; price Sl4OO.
Fivc-r>. in ttagC OB Baena Vista aye. : lot
50x102: price $16^0. Lar»ce S-ronm cottage with
basement, on Taylor aye.; lot 50x140; price
BSSO.
Tv.-o new 5-room cottages on Taylor aye.; lot
33x100: price $2000. New 6-room cottage on
Santa Clara aye.: lot 33x110: price $2J50. For
Investment A fine corner, from:nu 115 feet on
a business ptreft, with 4 stores rented; will
sell for $7500: worth $14,000; half purchase
price may remain on property. Several other
bargains. Call at 1503 Webster St.. Alameda,
next f> drugstore. A. R. DENKE Sr.
JUST like paying rent.
UkO — Colonial cottage. 4 rooms and bath.
$lsr>o Handsome cottage near station.
$3250 — House of « rooms: all modern conveni-
ences.
H9Bo— Colonial cottage. 6 rooms: fine grounds.
MARCUSE & REMMEL. Bay st. station
'brond gauge). Alameda: 62S Market St., San
Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
PKOI'ERTV TO KXC.I'A GC
160- ACRE rnnch. Kern C.-.unty: 70 acres in
alfalfa: will *••!! 40 or 80 acres.
7-room house. Oakland, lot 3ihtloo $2,500
22-acre ranch. Improved in frutt 3.*00
House 4 rooms, lot MxOT. 10<v> plcreons.... l.fiOO
100 other places. What have you to offer?
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.. oj.p. Fifth.
GOOD-RENTING Oakland i-mperty to ex-
change for ranches. EDSOX & TURTON.
1209 Broadway. Oakland.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and b" indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
CORTELYOr— In this city. January 18. 1898.
• the wife of Ed Cortelyou, a son.
JOHNSTON— To the wife of Adolph John-
TEWKSBTRY— In this city. January 23. IS9S.
to the wife of G. H. Tewksbury, a daugh-
ter.
, MARRIED
TROY— GROSSETTA— In this city. January
24. IS9B. by the Rev. Father T. Carnher.
v ..-n Troy and Marian Grossetta, both of
San Francisco.
DIED.
Bechtel, M. Larrue, Jean
Becker, Ti.r.ry McSwagan, Hugh
Brown, Thomas M Kenna. Bartrice
Bradtee, Frank K. M.Gonigle, John
Cr. nin. Edwin J. Muller. Lulu
Clark. Mildred A. Merchant, Mary P.
■ . Amanda Ming*.., Prof. Charles
'.in -- Mooney, Charles
Crane. Alice B. \ OKeefe. Georpe D.
nd, Klsie ! O'Connor. Michael
Finnt-rty, Julia Painter, Edward E.
Gainford. Anita M. Rlee, Charles H.
Otrot, Mary R. Ryan. Annie
Healcy, Capt. Henry Roiir.ds, Sarah A.
Renrix. Margaret Senurie, Nellie
Howlett, Fred W. Stuart, Charles
Jaekentelt, Andrew Tracey, Mamie
Klein. Emma ! Williams. Charles P.
i Kroder. John F. Weu'herall. Samuel
Kcfleber, Cornelius J, Young, Abbie A.
| Lacomber. Peter '
i BECHTEL— In this city. January 23, 189S,Mas-
imtlian P.echtel. a native of Austria, aged f*
yean and 1 month.
C 7" The funeral services will be held
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at
i his late residence. 14^ Franklin street. In-
terment private.
BECKER— In this city, January U
Henry, beloved son of Peter and Elizabeth
Beck'T. and brother of Ferd Becker. Mrs. J.
J. Cofley and Emma Becker, a native of San
Francisco, aged 27 years 2 months and S
■
JC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morr iw
i W.-dneeday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of bis parents. Jlfi Octavia street. !— -
I Hays and Grove. Interment I. O.
Cemetery.
BROWN— In this city. January 24. isr.s.
Thomas, beloved hiisbandof Johanna Brown,
and father of Mrs. H. McMahon. Oeorge H .
Thomas Jr.. Mamie, Maud. Millie. William
and Jean Brown, a native of Ireland, aged
58 years and S months.
ICTFriencl* and acquaintances are respei t-
fuily invited to attend the funeral to-mornw
I>. at \2:V, O'clock, from St.
Paul's Episcopal Church, CaHfurnln street.
Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland.
BRADLKE— In Oakland. January 24. 1898.
Frunk X.. beloved husband of Maggie Brad-
lee, a native of Boston. Mass., aged 49 years.
ci-: • «NIN— In this city. January 21. U
the residence. "I'l^ Tenth street. Edwin J..
beloveil son Of Julia and the late James Cro-
nln. a native of New York City, aged 35
, and 11 months.
(CT'Friends are invited to attend a re-
quiem mass at St. Joseph's Church to-mor-
row (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock. Interment
private. Please omit flowers.
CLARK— In this city. January 17, IR9S. Mil-
dred Ami Jon Clark, beloved daughter of
Franklin J. and Mary Cheney Clark, a na-
tive of Boston Mass.
CyFrien.t ■ are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow i Wednesday), at
2 o'clock, from her late residence, 1218 Web-
ster street. Interment private.
CF."KKi; LIKEN —In this city. January 23. 18*8,
,:ida Charlotta Cederereen. beloved
mother of Blondina Lindqu;st, and sister of
Car! Boy, a native of Finland, Sweden, aged
41 yean.
PTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertak-
Ing parlon ■ f Charles J. P. Metzler, RSC
Washington street. Interment Laurel Hill
■ ■ • ■
CHISHOLM— Tn Fan Rafael. January 82. IS9B.
beloved twin daughter of Christopher arvi
tl'.e late Mary Theresa Chisholm, aged 10
tnonthl and II days.
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvlts.l U) attend the uneral this day
(Tuesday), on arrival of 9:20 a. m. train from
San Rafael. Tiburon ferry. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery
CRANE— 24. 159*. Alice Bryant, be-
loved wife of E. I. Crane, aged 32 years 7
months and 29 days.
XT Notice of funeral hereafter.
DESMOND— In this city. January 24. 1595. El-
Fie. beloved wife of Daniel Desmond, moth-
er of Marcella Desmond. . sister of Mono
Bowen. and niece of Mrs. TV. Powers and
Mrs. M. Hurley, a native of Kinsale, County
Cork. Ireland, aped 24 years.
FINNERTY— In this city. January 23. IS9B. Ju-
lia, beloved wife of John Finnerty, mother
of Annie. John and Julia' Finnerty. and sis-
ter of Mrs. P. Reynolds or Portland and
Mrs. U. McLeod, a native of Ireland, aged
36 years.
' IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th»» funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 329% Ritch street, between Bran-
' nan send Townsend. thence to St. Rose's
: Church, Brannan street, at 11 o'clock. In-
• terment Holy Cress Cemetery-
GAINFORD— In this city, January 23. 1593.
Anita May. dearly •■ beloved daushter of
Thomas and Annie Galnford, a native of
San Francisco, aped 2 years 9 months and 4
days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
'Tuesday), at 11:30 o'clock., from the resi-
dence of her parents, !016 Minna street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GIROT— In this city. January 22. IS9B. Mary
Rosalie Girot. dearly beloved and oldest
" daughter of Frank, and Mary J. Girot. and
sister of Alfred, Josephine and Francis Girot.
a native of San Francisco, aged 15 years and
■ I months. . ■ ■
■ (ETFriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:50 o'clock, from the residence
• of her parents, 1119 Church street, thence to
.-'! James Church. Twenty-third and Guer-
rero streets, where mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her sonl, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary. Cemetery.
THE CALIFORNIA SCHOOL' OF MECHANI-
caI Arts— Students and teachers of. the C. S.
M..A. an requested to attend the funeral cf
the late Mary Rosalie Girot this day (Tues-
day), at a o'clock, from St. James Church,
corner Twenty-third and Guerrero streets.
GEORGE A. MERRILL. Principal.
HEALEY— In this city, January 23. ISSS. Cap-
tain Henry S. ♦ Henley, clerk ■• to Chief of
Police, a native of Canada, aged 62 years 1
month and I days,
i ICTTrlend-j are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funernl to-morrow (Wednesday), at
2 O'clock, from his late residence. 1612 Fif-
leenth street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery' by train from Valencia-street sta-
tion at 3:25 p. m.
HENRIX— In this city, January 23. ISM, Mar-
paret. beloved daughter of Captain E. and
Elisabeth Henrix, and sister of Edward and
Klizabeth Henrietta Henrix, a native of San
Francirco, aged 20 years 9 months and 7
days.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 3237 Seventeenth street,
near Capp. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery. .-.
N. D. O. W.— Officers and members of Oro Flno
Parlor No. 9, N. D. G. W.: Tou are hereby
requested to attend the funeral of our de-
ceased sister, Margie Henrix. this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3237 Seventeenth street. By order of
V-r • NELLIE T. MULCAT. President.
m. J. smith, Secretary-
HOWLETT— In Oakland, January 21. IS9S.
Frederick William, beloved husband of Ada
Howlett, a native of lowa, aged 40 years and
12 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1617 Thirteenth avenue, East Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
JACKENFELT— In this city. January 24. ISBS.
Andrew Jackenfelt, a native of Russia, aged
is years.
KLEIN- -In this city, January 22. IS9S. Emma,
beloved wife of the late Philip Klein, and
mother of Mrs. August Wlssel, Mrs C.
Westpbal, George and Edward Klein. Mrs.
F. Hildebrand and Lena and Henry Klein, a
native of Wurtemberg. Germany. ■ aged 55
years and 7 months. (New Orleans papers
please copy).
iryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this .'.ay
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. IJowens block, South San Francisco,
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KRODER— In this city. January 24, IS9S. John
F. Kroder, better known as John F. Croder,
beloved husband of Katie Croder, father of
Mabel, Walter and Howard Croder, and son
of Mrs. Louise Kroder, a native of San
Francisco, aged -35 years.
KELLEHER— this city. January 23. IS9B.
Cornelius J., dearly beloved son of Mar-
garet and the late. Cornelius Kelleher, and
brother of the late Patrick, Kate and Jere-
miah Kelleher and Mrs. F. Scully, a native
of San Francisco, aged 33 years 5 months and
2 days.
tT?Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2 San Antonio street, off Vallejo,
near Kearny, thence to Native Sons' Hall,
411 Mason street, where services will be held
under the auspices of San Francisco Parlor
No, 49. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LACOMBER— In this city. January 23, 189 S.
Peter, beloved husband of Emily Lacomber,
and father of Jessie B. Lacomber, a native
of Nova Scotia, aged 46 years and 26 deys.
[C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Golden Gate T'ndertaking Com-
pany. 2123 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by elec-
tric funeral car.
LARRT'K- In the 'City and County Hospital,
January 24, IS9B. Jean Larrue, a native of
France, aged 53 years.
McSWEGAN— In this city, January 24. IS9S.
Hugh McSwegan, a native of Ireland.
r The funeral will to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:88 o'clock, from his late
residence. 117 Fulton street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McKENNA— In this city. January 23. IBBC,
Bartrice Maud, beloved daughter of Edward
F. and Mary McKenna. a native of San
Francisco, aged •) mmths and 14 days.
MeOOXIGLE— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, January 24. 1898, .)->hn McGonigle, a na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 1 (1 years.
MERCHANT -In Alameda, January 22. IS9S,
Mary P. M< reliant, ■ native of New York.
E7Her friends are respectfully Invited to
attend the funeral services this day (Tues-
day*, at n. r. o'clock, at Trinity Chapel, cor-
ner Bush and Octavia streets. Interment pri-
vate. Laurel Hill Cemeten.-.
MTLLER— Tn this city. January 23. 1«P<?.
Lulu, beloved daughter nr Christine and the
late Charles Muller, sister of Charles Mul-
ler. and grandchild r.f Mr. and Mrs. Jacob
Muller. a native of San Francisco, aped 7
years 2 months and '.' .lays. (Buffalo, N. V.,
rs please copy).
tT?" Friend" and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this dnv
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her mother. 324 Guerrero street.
near Sixteenth, and thence to Emanuel
Cluirf'h. on Twelfth street, wher" the •srv-
v.ill be held at 2 o'clock. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
MIN'GO— In this city. January 22, IS9S. Pro-
fessor Charles A. Mingo, a native of Sta-
ten Island, N. V.. aged 50 years.
tC?The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 20 Fifth
street, Interment Masonic Cemetery.
MOONEY— In this city, January 23, 1838,
Charles, beloved son of John and Annie
Mooney, and brother of Edward, William.
Hugh, Joseph and Eva Mooney, a native of
San Francisco, aged IS years 3 months and
2 days.
(CJTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, Castro street, near
Thirtieth, thence to St. Paul's Church, where
a requiem high ma;? will be celebrated for
the repose of h's soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemtery-
O'KEEFE-In this city, January 23, ISM,
George Draffln, beloved son of J. and Mary
O'Keefe', and brother of Ha2el B. O'Keefe.
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 9
months and 9 days.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of ht3 parents, 2418 Mission street, between
Twentieth and Twenty-first. Interment I. O.
i l F. Cemetery
O'CONNOR— this city. January 24. tm,
Michael, beloved husband Of Hannah O'Con-
nor, father of John and Willie O'Connor, son
of Mary O'Connor. ■ and brother of John,
Thomas and Stephen ' O'Connor and Mrs.
John McGrath, a native of the parish of
Tarbert. County Kerry, Ireland, aged • 44
years. (Buffalo. X. V.. papers please copy).
(E7"Frii>nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PAINTER— this city, January 23, IS9S. Ed-
ward Emlen, beloved husband of Lizzie Pain-
ter, and brother of David, Lizzie and Phoebe
Painter, a native of San Francisco, aged 22
years 11 months and 3 days.
lC^"Frier.d?. are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Tues-
day), at 12:30 o'clock, at the First Congrega-
tional Church.
RYAN— this city. January 24. IS9S, Annie.
beloved daughter of Mary and the late John
Ryan, and sister of James and Lizzie Ryan
and Mrs. S. Myers, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
ROUNDS— In this city. January 24. IS9S. Sarah
A., widow o" the late B. 11. Rounds, a na-
tive of Boston. Mass., aged S5 years 5
months and 26 days.
CFFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-m«rrow
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1211 Dolores street. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
RICE— In Oakland, January 23. 1888, entered
Into rest. Charles H.. beloved husband of
Jane Frances Rice, and father of Charles
A., George J., Edward .1. and Octavia M.
Rice. - a native of France, aged 67 years. A
member of Keystone Lodge No. 64, A. O. U.
W. i New Orleans, La., papers please copy).
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1381 Webster street, thence to St.
Francis de Sales Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will he celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9-:30 o'clock.
Interment private. Please omit flowers.
SCHURLE— In the City and County Hospital.
January 24, 1818, Nellie Schurle. a native of
Massachusetts, aged 40 years.
STUART— In the City and County Hospital.
January 24. IS9S, Charles Stuart, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 49 . years. J
TRACEY— In this city, Januai- 23. 1893. Ma-
mie, beloved wife of Joseph Tracey, and
mother of Hazel, Leslie. Myrtle and Grover
Tracer, a native of San Francisco.'
(H7"The funeral will ■ take place this 'day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her. late resi-
■ dence, 10 Clementina street.
WILLIAMS— In ' this city. January 22. IS3S.
Charles P.. youngest and beloved son of
Officer William H. and Eliza J. Williams,
and brother of George H. and Mabel A. Wil-
liams, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years 2 months and 1 day.
(CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from fie residence
of his • parents. 2074 Market street, thence
by electric funeral-oar from Fourteenth and
Mission streets at 11 o'clock. Interment Cy-
press Lnwn Cemetery.
her all— the City and County
Hospital. January- 24, IS9S. Samuel Weather-
all, a native of Ireland, aged 67 years.
YOUNG— this city, January 24, 1593, Abbie
\.; dearly beloved wife of -Charles H.
Young, and mother of Grade L.. Arnold,
Lulu L. Williams, Ella Crooks and Clarence
K. Young, a native of narnstead, N. H.,
aged 58 y»ars I months and II days. .
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER,
rCHXRAX»X>IBBCTORS* kmhalmers I
20 FIFTH BT.. Op?. Linctln Sshool.
Tcle;)!i"'.iP. South SO. 3
F L GINTZ. H. 'vT. OAXTNER.
GANTNER & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors & Embahners.
8 and JO CITY HALL SQL'ARE.
Telephone South 432.
JAS ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS ANP EMBAI.MER3.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Ness aye., near Market at, San
Francisco. Telephone So. lit>.
1516
DR. BROWN
CONFESSES
HIS GUILT
The Bay Conference For=
gives but Dismisses
Him.
May Become a Street Preacher.
His Statement in
Full.
Rev. C. O. Brown has made a con
fession. As it is printed In full this
morning, an analysis may be made by
readers for themselves, it may be ob- :
served, however, that the confession ,
Rev. C. O. Brown Reading His Confession to the Bay Conference of the Congregational
Church Last Evening.
Sketched Frorr, Life by a Call flrtist.
NEW TO-DAY.
Pimples, blotches, blackheads, red. rough,
oily, mothy skin, itching, scaly scalp, dry,
thin, and falling hair, and baby blemishes
prevented by Cuticcra Soap, the most
effective skin purifying and beautifying
soap in the world, as well as purest and
sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery.
(pticura
t <<■ '« «»!1 throughout the world. P'ittk Dsca «xo
Cmnt. Corp.. K.>i- Props.. Itoiion. D. S. a.
C^jT* " How 10 Prereat Fa<-». Humor*," UMled tree.
EVERY nU9RUIf bjCantßiKumiß.
Wright's Indian Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples
and purify the biood. v .: ;:
Grossman's Specific Mixture.
With this remedy persons can cure themselves
without the least exposure, change of diet or
change in application to business. . The medicine
contains noihlnpr that Is of the least Injury to the
constitution. Ask your druggist for it. Price, fl
ft bottlo.
avoids detail, is Fhrouded In terms
somewhat vague, and that its effect
upon the Bay Conference was to pro- I
yoke sympathy, feelingly expressed,
but coupled with a decree of expulsion.
The dramatic quality of the incident
can be understood when it is stated
that Dr. Brown read the confession to
the Bay Conference, and that in every
tone of his voice was a tremulous plea
for mercy. His face, pale when he ap
peared, became flushed; his arms, at
first resting quietly, waved in gestic
ulation. He was pleading for his min
j isterial life.
Mr. Brown's appearance here was a
: surprise hardly less great than his par
tial acknowledgment of a guilt he had
i strenuously denied. The particulars of
I his trial do not need to be recalled. It
j was one of length and bitterness, dur
i ing whirh one of the foremost local
i churchf-s was almost split in twain,
I and it resulted in his having to go
Ito other fields. At Dubuque he was
given the hand of fellowship, and later
took a charge in Chicago. While there
he practically challenged the Bay Con
ference to a reopening of the matter.
Delegates were sent from here to Chi
cago, and again Brown came out of the
ordeal, having gained nothing. Final
adjudication remained with the Bay
Conference, and yesterday was the
time for consideration.
Mr. Brown has been here since Sat
urday, although few were aware of the
fact. He was in the church at Fif
teenth street, near Mission, all the time
his fate as a minister was being debat
ed, but remained in thestudyof the Rev.
Mr. Rader, occasionally receiving re
ports of the proceedings. He sang as
he waited, and one of the hymns he
chose was "Back From the Folds of
j Sin."
He talked freely to callers. "My de
termination to come to California, pre
sent my confession and receive the ver
THE SAX FKAXCTSCO CALL, TUESDAY, JAXUARY 25, 1898.
Miss Mattie Overman, the Woman Whose Name Has Been
Coupled With That of Rev. C. 0. Brown.
diet of the Bay Conference was not
made until last Wednesday evening, "
he said In answer to an inquiry. "My
intention to depart from Chicago, where
I had the full confidence of my congre
gation, was known to only one person.
My wife and boy were kept in ignor
ance of my departure for Cali
fornia, because I did not wish
to* worry them and because I
wishfd to arrive in San Francisco en
tirely unannounced. The hotel at which
I registered on my arrival, and whom
I lodged with later I do not wish to
tell. Suffice it to say that I sent first
to Dr. McLean and later to Rev. C. R.
Brown, who has been my friend
throughout this trouble. I knew that
my fate was to be decided at the ad
journed meetiug which is being held,
and I was fully prepared. Whatever
the outcome I shall send my resignation
this evening to the Green Street Con
gregational Church, of which I am now
the pastor. This resignation is abso
lute, and should the conference refuse
to clear me and cast me out I shall
preach in the Ftr.'.'ts, in halls or in any
place where I may have the opportun
ity.
"No man is so well prepared to
preach from the text 'the wages of sin
is death" as I am, and I shall make
that the burden of my message to the
world. I know not how I shall make
my livelihood, yet I know that God
cares for those who care for him and
I am prepared for whatever may come.
"When I left Chicago I left a note to
my wife and son saying that I would
be away for several days, and that I
might go to lowa or even some more
distant point, and that is all they
knew of my intentions. My congrega
tion in Chicago know nothing of my
intention to make a confession, and the
report of what has happened in San
Francisco to-night is the first intima
tion that my friends will have of my
RESOLUTIONS DASHING
THE HOPES OF
THE EX-PASTOR.
* — • <»>
<$, Whereat, The Rev. C. O. Brown, being turn- .§>
,;, moned before the Bay Conference, has appeared *
and has made humble and penitent confession, .
be it therefore ' . V^* **
; Resolved, That the conference mourns-, with Dr. ***
■' Brown over his transgressions, ' and supplicates *§*
4> with him the forgiveness of the Almighty God ; :. t ■■■ ' <&
<?> Resolved. That it extends to him its brotherly <£>
<i> sympathy in this hour of sorrow and humiliation, <J,
q and assures him of its complete and hearty for-
and of the recognition of the Christian *?
' manliness of his action ,in coming here to make .
y his confession ; however, in view of the character
'*■ and publicity of the offense now. confessed, and
4> of the length of time elapsed since it was com- .3>'
'•> mined, during which he has maintained a false at- <$>'
<S> titude in affirming his innocence, and in view of <$
,3, the further fart that this conference distinguishes *.
. between the personal forgiveness that must be in- T*
stantly extended to an erring but repentant brother ®
and the solemn responsibility of sustaining a man &
® in official position as a public teacher of righteous- <J>
<§> ness; be it further ■ . • . , <§>
<•> • ' Resolved, That this conference with profound <§.
<J> sorrow feels compelled, as invested with respor.si- 'a,
bility for the purity of the ministry and the peace' J
q of the churches, to express its sense of Dr. Brown's
disqualification for the performance of the duties of ***
*f the ministry, and we therefore deem it wise and
*»> just to remove his name from our roll as a minis- ♦
<S> terial member of the conference. <.
* ♦
recent troubles. I know that I have
the eonflden.-e of the people of Chicago.
It was known there that I intended to
apply for membership totthe Monday
Club, and for my benefit the constitu
tion of the organization was so
changed that it was necessary for one
third of the members to vote against
an applicant instead of a single indi
vidual. My friends had this change
made in the hope that I would apply
for membership in the club, but I de
clined to do so.
"Since my trouble has become known
to the world I have letters from the
interior of China, from France, Ger
many and other European countries,
some defending my position and others
condemning me for what has hap
pened. I suppose that I have received
in all over 1000 letters. I hope the ex
ample of my troubles will be a warn
ing to those who have sinned as I have
sinned, and that my trial will prove a
benefit to others.
"I may have no permanent abode
after to-night, and I desire that those
of my friends who wish to reach me
may address letters to me in care of
Rev. George B. Hatch of Rerkeley.
who is the secretary of the Bay Con*
ference."
This was the substance of all that
Mr. Brown said while waiting in sus-
pense. After the conference had ren
dered Its decision he seemed somewhat
broken in spirit. Nevertheless, he tri.»d
to keep a brave front, and when asked
what he thought about th" action of
| his brother ministers replied: "It is all
for the best, I suppose, yet it is hard
for me to boar. I did not expect any
funny business when I came out here.
I did net come for my own interest, but
that of the churches of this city. I sup
pose they did what they thought for
the best, and I suppose I would have
done the same thing if I had been in
their place.
"My plans are all upset. I do not
know what I will do. I know, though.
I will stay i n town for a little while
and after that I will have to go and see
my wife and children, who are In Chi
capo.
"Dr. Chapman was the one that
brought the news to me— the man that
has been the best friend to me during
all this trouble, even when things
seemed the blackest.
"All I can say is they did right I
hope that the world -will be lenient with
me. for I have sinned, but also I have
thoroughly repented."
After this Mr. Brown went among
the members of the conference and
taking the hand of each, expressed his
affection and stated that he bore mal
ice to none.
Those on the committee who passed
sentence on the disgraced clergyman
were Rev. F. H . Foster. Rev
G C Mooar. Rev. c. R. Brown
of Oakland. Rev. Dr. Chapman.
Deacon Mills. Rev. William Rader and
James Hutchinson. They were ap
pointed on the motion of Rev. C. R.
Brown that a committee be appointed
to take the matter in hand and report
to the main body. This motion wai
carried by a unanimo-us vote and these
aforementioned gentlemen named to
act. The report of the committee was
accepted by the conference after con
siderable wrangling, many of the mem
THE CONFESSION WHICH DID
NOT MOVE BAY CONFERENCE.
To Bay Contercv.rf-.
Fathers and Brethren: I hereby recall my answer to your citation. Tn
this solemn hour the voice of God speaks and shall be obeyed. I recall and
repudiate every word which should not have been uttered. Through all the
dreary months of conflict I have not ceased to love you. though it has doubt
less seemed otherwise. I love the same divine Lord whom you love and the
same divine law. though it should grind me to powder.
The resolution to address you thus has been formed under no compulsion
but that of duty. Down to this hour I have been the pastor of that dear
church whose people have loved and trusted me, and whom from the young
est child up as I love the apple of my eye. No action but my own, now taken,
could deprive mo of my pulpit or of any fellowship la Chicago. My friends
in the interior are numbered by the thousand. Within the p.tst nine months
two pulpits have been open to me, and during the past few days there have
been assurances of a larger field in the near future if I desired it. Very re
cently I was offered $1000 and all expenses for a few weeks In the lecture
field, with appointments so arranged that I could have supplied my own pul
pit. I do not boast these things. They are facts, however, wnich belong to
the testimony of this hour. Tney are the proofs of my sincerity. To one of
my training such possessions are greater wealth than Klondike, and you will
consider what it means when I voluntarily surrender them. There was a
deep and malignant conspiracy against me and my home. A small part of
the accusation against me was true. For any wrong which I had done I had
sought forgiveness both of God and man. I had turned utterly and with
abhorrence from it long before I was publicly accused. Such were the condi
tions prevailing in San Francisco— so awful was the storm which threatened
—that, overcome for the time with unworthy fear, I denied any wrong lest
all should be believed. In that I greatly sinned. In the mad tumult of that
cyclone which fell upon me, pursued for 150 consecutive days by the papers,
with every nerve on fire, with mental powers' in confusion and moral sensibil
ities beclouded, it seemed almost right to defend myself, my family and the
friends, who instantly espoused my cause, by methods which are justified
in warfare.
But. brethren, if I feared then, I fear no longer. To-day I can say with
Chrysostom: "I fear nothing so much as sin," and with Tholack: "I thank
God for the conviction of sin."
There were several times during the progress of the first council when
I would glad'y have told the brethren all. I would not now wish to be un
derstood as accusing the young woman who begged me to refrain.
On my way east from San Francisco the relief from newspaper assault
and all the conflict was inexpressibly sweet. In those peaceful days I heard
again the voice of God which the tumult had silenced. Amid the rocky
grandness of the mountains and the weird stillness of the desert God spoke
to me and I was thankful to hear that voice again, though in reproof. Obedi
ent to impressions there received I wrote out a brief confession, intending to
send it to you. I delayed, and that was fatal to duty. When I reached Chi
cago my brethren received me so cordially that life again seemed worth
living. Hundreds grasped my hand and assured me that no one believed the
evil reports against me. The sweetness and confidence of their greeting weis
like the life of the harbor and the firm ground beneath the feet of one who has
come safely in from the stormy menace of a watery grave. 1 did not see the
further conflict to which I was committing myself. It seemed not so wrong
to accept the proffer of their love and confidence so freely made, especially
as I had turned utterly and with full penitence from my sin. When the con
flict was renewed, without my seeking, every impulse of the warrior was
aroused in me. I looked on the faces of my beloved and said: "I will fight
for them." I looked upon my friends who had committed thrmselves in my
behalf and said: "They ought not to suffer for being kind to a brother; I
will protect them and make good their confidence."
And when two pulpits were offered me it seemed almost as if God him
self were fighting for me. I accepted the more modest and went about my
work. I said: "It shall be seen by my holy, patient and ministering life
that I am a worthy man."
My success has been such that I lacked only the approval of my con
science of being safe in my position. But as I have drawn near the hour of
your action God has so spoken to me that I have feared not your success,
but my own. I have come to see that nothing is so perilous as safety wh< a
duty says: "Step out and face the consequences." With this clearer view
of duty I would not to-day, for my life, consent to stand as an example of
successful wrong. I cannot afford to succeed while the churches suffer by
my success. I rejoice more in this hour of self-recovery than words can tell.
Truth is worth more to me at this hour than any pulpit in America. How
gracious is our God who thus sweetens the bitter waters.
I am sure that you will impute nothing to the Christian friends who have
stood by me. They li.lieved my public statement. Their frank and absolute
sincerity more than any other human motive has led me to the resolve of
this hour. One of my dear sons said to me: "They know, rather, that I
could not defend yon except I believed in your innocence." It has been a
snare to m>* that I could truthfully deny so much. But at this hour I re
pudiate the folly of building a house of truths for a lie to live in. I rejoice
In the thought that what I now nay will go every whither and tell the whole
world that rishtoousneM is vindicated.
T'nto Almighty G>«\. against whom I have chiefly offended, I humbly
make my confession, appropriating, as the utterance of my sincere sorrow,
the Fifty-first Psalm, omitting a part of the fourth verse, the whole of the
lifth and fourteenth, and the last lines of the closing verse.
Unto my brethren of Bay Conference I confess the grievous wrong, and
through you I confess to the whole sisterhood of churches. I love the Con
gregational churches and am unwilling longer to be an occasion of grief to
their fellowship. I am filled with profound sorrow that having been the
recipient of their confidence and honors I have become an occasion of grief
to their fellowship.
I confess to Dubuque and Chicago Associations that I did them grievous
wrong in accepting the fellowship of one and seeking that of the other. I
herewith request that my name be dropped from the roll of Chicago Asso
ciation.
I confess to the dear friends whose help and confidence I accepted without
a full statement of the truth.
Finally, to any person whom I have wronged I confess.
Brethren. I have not dared to ask you to forgive me. Possibly I ought
not. I might embarrass you by such a request. If you could rorgive and re
store me, my life shall approve your renewed confidence and attest my
gratitude. It may be that you will find a way to make your mercy as con
spicuous as my penitence. However. I do not ask you to sacrifice any public
• for me. I do DOt expect to find a bed of roses in my furnace.
Oh! Permit me to hope that he who could overrule the sin of David to
his own glory may at least make some use of my suffering and contrite heart
to enforce some needed k-sson in righteousness. Maybe the words of Mas
silon may apply to me:
"How do you know but his mercy has made your sin too notorious in or
rler that thousands of sinners »ay be influenced at the sight of your peni
tence."
If Almighty God can make use of my suffering to his glory I shall rejoice
In suffering.
Have mercy upon me, O God. according
:o thy loving kindness: according unto
.he multitude of thy tender mercies blot
>ut my transgressions.
2. Wash me thoroughly from mine in
qulty, and cleanse me from my sin.
3. For I acknowledge my transgressions:
md my Fin is ever before me.
4. Against thee • • • have I sinned,
md done this evil in thy sight; that thou
nightest be Justified when thou speakest,
md be clear when thou Judgest.
6. Behold, thou desirest truth in the in
ward parts; and In the hidden part thou
shalt make me to know wisdom.
7. Purge me with hyssop, and I shall be
clean; wash me. and I shall be whiter
than snow.
8. Make me to hear Joy and gladness;
that the bones which thou hast broken
may rejoice.
9. Hide thy face from my sins, end blot
bers being disposed to treat Brown le
niently and give the penitent a little
hope, by having his name erased for
only a year, while others went to the
other extreme, and wished his name
erased for life. It was thought best,
however, to leave it as the committee
had decided.
HAVE AIDED THE POOR.
(\ Large Amouot of Work. Done by
the St. Vincent de Paul
Society.
An annual report has ben Issuod by the
St. P.ttrlrk's Conference of the Society of
St. Vincent de Paul showinp the amount
of work done during the past year and
the total sum of expenditures for the re.
lief of poor familes. The report shows
that J2014 95 has been paid out during that
time and that nearly 200 people have been
visited. In addition to the above dona
tlons of wearing apparel, valued at $225.
were received and distributed by the Sis
ters of Charity.
The society encourapes morally and ma-
I STOVE POLISH. I
BC produces a JET BLACK enamel gloss. Dnstless, Odorless, Labor *&'
K§ Sarlnp. 5 and 1 0 cent boxes. Try it on your Cycle Cnaia. £' : \
53 J. L. PRESCOTT & CO., NEW YORK WS
out all mine Iniquities.
10. Create In me a clean heart. O God,
and renew a right spirit within me.
11. fast me not away from thy presence,
and take not thy Holy Spirit from me.
!2. Ramon unto me the Joy of thy salva
tion, and uphold me with thy free spirit.
13. Then wili I teach transgressors thy
ways; and sinners shall be converted unto
thee.
15. O Lord, open thou my lips; and my
l.iouth shall shew forth thy praise.
16. For th"U deslxcst not sacrifice: else
Would I frivp it; thou delightest not in
burnt offering.
17. The sacrifices of God are a broken
spirit: a broken and a contrite heart. O
God, thou wilt not despise.
18. Do (food in thy good pleasure unto
Zion: build thou the walls of Jerusalem.
10. Then shalt th'Hi be pleased with the
sacrifices of righteousness.
terlally the deserving poor and particu
larly families having a permanent resi
lience in the parish and who are com
pelled, through sickness, accident or lack
of employment, to apply for temporary
relief. The donations given by friends of
the parish have materially aided the
work.
Me KENNA DID NOT
ASSUME HIS NEW DUTIES.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— 1t was ex
pected that Hon. Joseph McKenna would
assume his duties as Associate Justice of
the United States Supreme Court to-day,
but the ceremony has been postponed un
til Wednesday next! The court did not
hand down any opinions to-day, but re
assigned some eases, made suggestions to
counsel as to the line of argument in
others and announced a three weeks' re-
Oess from next Monday. Among the
cases reassigned was that of Jarmns
vs. \ot Sung. Ihe case comes from Mon
tana and is a habeas corpus proccediti"
It involves the constitutionality of the
Montana State law imposing a greater
tax on Chinese laundries than on other
laundries. The case was set for the sec
ond Monday in the October term if not
reached previous to that time
NEW TO-DAY.
X RAY ON
THE CITY
HALL DOME
Grand Jury May In
vestigate Those
Charges.
Substitutions of Work
Which Demand a
Searchlight.
It Will Ascertain Whether
Various Changes Were
Illegal.
HOW THE LAW REGARDS IT
An Old Inquisitive Body May Ba
Called Before the Present
Purgers of Morals.
It is almost a certainty that the pres
ent Grand Jury will make a thorough
investigation of the alleged frauds per
petrated in the building of the XewCity
Hall dome.
There has been a great deal of discus
sion all over the city over the revela-
J tions made by ex-Grand Juror D. O'Sul
! livan, who alleges that the contract for
j the building of the City Hall dome was
a fraud which enabled the principals
to slight their work.
In spite of the fact that Auditor
Broderick and Mayor Phelan have
stated that there were proper substitu
i tions for all alleged defalcations, it is
■ stated on good authority that there is
a great probability that Auditor Brod
erick's suggestion that the present
Grand Jury investigate the old one's
| conduct will be literally complied with.
Mayor Phelan does not pretend that
he is a lawyer, yet he was wise enough
to "wink the other eye" when asked
whether he believed from his investi
gations that the City Hall Commission
ers had exceeded their authority when
; they allowed substitutions of one class
of work for another in the contract for
the building of the dome.
"If this sort of slipshod method may
go on without let or hindrance," said
a well-known lawyer yesterday, "there
will be no way by which to determine
when the city has been bunkoed.
Whenever work is not done according
to specifications some apologist will be
seen rising up to say that, although the
work was not done something else,
some vague and unprovided for thing
was done in place of it."
Coughs and colds cured. Low's Hore
hound Cough Syrup: 10c. 417 Sansome st«
Luetgert. Is Evasive.
CHICAGO, Jan. 24.— State's Attorney
Charles S. Deenen began the cross-ex
amination of Adolph L. Luetgert at 3 p.
m. to-day. Deenen brushed aside tha
lons recital of the defendant's birth, par
entage, twin brother, boyhood and rise
in life and went to the heart of the mat
ter, piling- question upon question regard
ing the whereabouts and actions of Mr
Luetgert during the twelve hours fol
lowing 8:45 o'clock on Saturday evening
May l. 1597 To every question designed
to fix the time when anything was done
or how long it took to do it, the same
answer was returned, that he would not
attempt to fix the time.
Maine people are shipping pine cones
to the treeless plains of the West.
JUDGES OF THE BEST
And those who insist upon having the
finest that can be obtained have not
been slow in discovering that the ap-
proval of the Government o,f any article
means a great deal. It is not surprising,
therefore, that so many people with
educated palates and discriminating
minds are using the popular "0. F. C"
Whiskey in preference to any other. A
well-known gentleman, speaking on this
subject recently, said : " I do not agree
with the man who stated that 'all whis-
kies are , good.' My experience has
been that most of them are bad, but
when I find the Government guarantee-
ing by its official stamp that every
bottle of '0. F. C Whiskey is 100 per
cent, proof, and when I find upon tasting
i and noting the after effects how pleasant
it is to take and how fine in its offects
it does not take me a moment to make
up my mind what to do, and thai is to
use it regularly, f find it all that I can
| desire." There are thousands of people
i in the community who have made the
same discovery, and the number is in-
creasing every day.
BQflE^7 ? 'y| >; rupture more Iron
; BUB! V 1 / s •■■£§& Hoops or Steel Springs.
VK^jt/ i < Ru Pture retained with
i We'joC!? ease and comfort, and
f/-^3fe!@£OK>£-' thousands radically Cured
B _>^Tft-K*> 3y 1)r - Pierces Celebrated
1 /jS('\ Magnetic Elastic Truss. E7"Call
H //I]\ '^ at office or write for New
>^ rjgjf, \ Pamphlet No. 1. Address " MAG-
NETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
DR. PIERCE & SON, 704 Sacramento st. (cor.
Kearny), SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.
IT^When writing please mention The Call.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful .* phroaisiac and specific tonic
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a greet remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
823 Market Street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
DR.MGNULTI
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RKI r \RT-p Or fi
1 SpetlHlfet eurw Prlvate,N>rvou s ,B:ooS and Skin
Diseases of Me., only. Manly Power restore, Over
■JO years' experience. "Send for Book, free f>»tient'
Siltff -So'to 1 ? 5. «? rn V«rna°!e.' Hou«?9 to S
i tionXree and sacredly confidential, CaU oVadS
o«i^ I». BOSCOE MeXULTT. W. I>
26% Kearny Street. San Fraaeiicw, Call