VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 6.
WAR MAY BE CARRIED
INTO SPANISH WATERS
DONS NEED
ALL SHIPS
AT HOME
'Uncle San) May Extend
Operations to Canaries
and Spain.
TalK of pormiQg a F'y^g Squad
ron to Threateo the Cas
tiliar) Coasts.
NEW YORK. June s.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs :
Spain's offensive naval power is effectu
ally broken, as tfye result of tr;e closing of
the net around Admiral Cervera and his
n)en-of-war, and naval officers are sure
another weeK will witness the capture or
destruction of the fleet now awaiting trje
inevitable in the hjarbor of Santiago de
Cuba, in anticipation of th>e release of tr;e
arn)or dads blockading t^at port th>e Naval
War Board is collecting valuable informa
tion as to tr;e condition of tf}e Spanisf) re
serve squadron, aQd is employing it in the
preparation of an elaborate plan of cam
paign which may extend to tr;e Canary
Islands and Spain rjerself.
. Much to the gratification of the
officials, it has been definitely as
certained that the Cardinal Cis
neros, Cataluna and Princess de
Asturia, armored cruisers each
slightly heavier than any of the
vessels cooped up in the harbor
of Santiago de Cuba, cannot be
completed for some months.
Hitherto the officials have been
proceeding on the authority that
these vessels were ready for serv
ice, but the information received
within the last day or so is so
thoroughly reliable that they
have accepted it without hesita
tion. Furthermore, it has been
definitely learned that the ma
chinery of the battle-ship Pelayo,
the armored cruiser Carlos V
and the protected cruiser Alfonso
XIII is in bad condition, and al
though every effort is being made
to get the ships away from Cadiz,
it will be some time before they
can be put to sea. This informa
tion came to-day and set at rest
the minds of officials, who were
disturbed by the previous reports
that the Spanish fleet at Cadiz
had left and that its destination is
' the Philippines. With Cervera's
fleet effectually disposed of and
with a knowledge that-ihree ar-
mored cruisers cannot be got
ready for service for some time,
naval officers say there need be
no further apprehension of dan
ger from Spain's navy.
The information contained in
Lieutenant Caranza's letter that
the Cadiz squadron was intended
to "bombard Boston, Portland
and Long Island," will doubtless
cause a rearrangement of plans
on the part of the Spanish Gov
ernment, the department offi
cials say, as it reveals Spain's
secret, and, furthermore, gave
the United States warning,
which would have been taken
advantage of had not Admiral
Cervera been so effectually
trapped. Even supposing the ma
chinery of the squadron is shortly
placed in satisfactory order, the
American fleet at Santiago will
not have much trouble in dispos
The San Francisco Call
ing of it. Spain's armored force,
as a result of the bottling up of
Cervera's fleet, is reduced to two
vessels, both inferior to the Am
erican battleships, one protected
cruiser, some small, antiquated
cruisers, two torpedo gun vessels
and four torpedo boat destroyers.
The advantage is so palpably
with the American navy, and the
prospects of its triumph in both
the Canaries and even Spanish
waters themselves, that navy offi
cials do not believe that Spain
will be so eager to continue the
war.
In view of the condition of the
Spanish fleets there is renewed
talk in naval circles of the advis
ability of forming a flying squad
ron immediately after the de
destruction or capture of Cer
vera's men-of-war and of dis
patching it to the eastward for
the purpose of carrying the war
into Spanish waters.
It will be recalled that before
hostilities were actually declared
the Naval War Board planned the
formation of such a squadron,
■ consisting of the armored
cruisers New York and Brook
lyn, the protected cruisers Minne
apolis and Columbia and the
auxiliary cruisers St. Paul, St.
Louis, Harvard and Yale. On
I account of this action of tht
j Spanish Government in dis
patching Cervera's fleet to this
; side of the Atlantic the project
; was abandoned. In any event it
is doubtful if the liarvard and
Yale could be placed in such a
squadron at this time, as neither
has any offensive armament. The
St. Paul, however, has an excel
lent battery, and the St. Louis
twelve six-pounders, which could
be added to it in short order.
The departure of such a fleet
would not embarrass the opera
tions of the campaign against
Cuba and Porto Rico, as battle
ship-monitors will be depended
upon to protect the blockade and
coast and to bombard Havana
and San Juan whenever the army
attempted to occupy them. _^_ i
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1898.
THE LATE CAPTAIN CHARLES V. GRIDLEY.
ONE HERO OF
MANILA BAY
IS SUMMONED
Call Office, Risers House,
Washington, June 5.
Captain Charles V. Gridley, com
mander of the cruiser Olympia, and one
of the heroes of the brilliant victory at
Manila, is dead. The announcement of
his death was received by the Navy De
partment late this afternoon in a cable
gram from Paymaster Gait of the navy,
dated at Kobe. Japan, June 4, and di
rected to Secretary Long. The dispatch
contained this simple statement: "Cap
tain Gridley died to-day. Remains ac
company me on the Coptic."
Captain Vernon Gridley is the first
American officer of great prominence
whose death Is a direct result of the
existing war with Spain. As the com
mander of Admiral Dewey's splendid
flagship and one of the admiral's chief
advisers, Captain Gridley achieved dis
tinction at the battle of Manila Bay,
and added to his previous laurels by
winning high praise from his superiors
In the service for distinguished gallan
try and ability. He fought his ship
from the conning tower, while Admiral
Dewey directed the movements of his
squadron from the bridge of the ves
sel.
It was not known for several weeks
aftfr the engagement that Captain
Gridley had suffered from It; and even
now the precise nature of his trouble
is not yet disclosed. Upon the arrival
! of the Zafiro at Hongkong on the 20th
! of May, the N" •*•■>- Department was no
j tified that Captain Gridley had been
] condemned by a board of medical sur
vey and "invalided" home. Subsequent
advices received by the department In
dicated that Captain Gridley was suf
j feting from the effects of a rupture
supposed to have been received during
the battle at Manila, but no details
were given. It was not supposed that
his illness was very serious, as the de
partment was informed that the cap
[ tain, m company with Paymaster Gait,
would leave for home as soon as pos
sible.
On the 28th of May they left Hong
kong on the steamer Coptic, one of the
vessels of the Occidental and Oriental
Steamship line. It would appear that
Captain Gridley died about the time the
ship reached Kobe. It is quite evident
now that he considered his case serious,
as he did not communicate, so far as is
known, with any member of his family
after the battle of Manila.
Captain Gridley. was not a "dress
parade officer." Among the older of
ficers, however, especially among those
with whom he served, he had the repu
tation of being one of the best-equipped
officers of the navy. He was regarded
as one of the best navigators in the
service, and his thorough knowledge of
all its details and requirements fully
Justified the remark of Admiral Ram
sey that "Gridley is one of the brainiest
and pluckiest officers In the naval serv
ice."
Dispatches from Manila concerning
the battle indicated that Commodore
Dewey had the utmost confidence In
Captain Gridley; that he never inter
fered in the slightest degree with his
management and handling of the ship;
that he told him to fire whenever ready,
and that the broadside which sunk the
flagship of the Spanish admiral was
Grldley's own conception and act, and,
in fine, that throughout the entire
battle the Olympia was handled
superbly. The distinguished bravery
and ability of Captain Gridley were
recognized by the President, and had he
lived promotion doubtless would have
been his substantial reward.
Captain Gridley leaves a widow and
three children — two daughters and a
son — who are now residing with Mrs.
Gridley's father, Judge Vincent, at
Erie. Pa. His mother, Mrs. Ann Eliza
Gridley, and his brother, Lucius, reside
in this city, the former being a clerk
in the Patent Office and the latter an
employe In the Treasury Department.
Captain Gridley was born In Logans
port. Ind., in 1845, and appointed to the
Naval Academy from Hillsdale, Mich.,
in 1860 by Representative Henry Wald
ron, the Gridleys having removed from
Indiana to Michigan when Charles was
only 3 months old. Under ordinary cir-
cumstances the class of 1860 would
have graduated in 1864, but the necessi
ties of the Civil War advanced it one
year. On October 1, 1863, young Gridley
was promoted to ensign and ordered to
the steam sloop Oneida, then at the
West Gulf blockade squadron, in which
squadron he remained until the close of
the war. He was in the battle of Mo
bile Bay, August 5, 1864, where his cool
ness and bravery were noted.
After the war he was assigned to the
steam sloop Brooklyn, the flagship of
the Brazilian squadron, with which he
served until 1867, being promoted to
master in November, 1866. A year later
he was promoted to lieutenant, and
March 12, 1868, to lieutenant com
mander. In 1870 he was assigned to
the steamer Michigan, (fourth rate),
where he served two years. Early in
1873 he was asigned to the Monongahela
(second rate), serving one year, andi in I
February, 1875, detailed as instructor at i
the naval academy at Annapolis, where ;
he remained for four years, serving
during the summer cruises of 1877 and
1878 as executive officer of the practice
ship Constellation.
In 1879 he was made executive of
ficer of the United States flagship
Trenton on the European station, serv
ing from December, 1879, to November,
ISSI. On March 10, 1882, he was pro
moted to commander, and during that
summer he was on duty at the torpedo
station. From October, 1882, to Feb
ruary, 1884, he was chief navigation of
ficer at the Boston navy yard. In Feb
ruary, ISS4, he was ordered to com
mand the training ship Portsmouth.
From June to November, 18S6, he was
senior officer of the cruising training
Squadron. In July, 18S7, he was in
spector of the Tenth Lighthouse Dis
trict and stationed at Buffalo, where
he served until October, 1891. From
October, 1891, to July, 1892, he was as
signed to special duty at the navy yard
at Washington. In July, 1892, he was
assigned to command the Marion, and
on July 10 was detailed from that ship
as inspector of the lighthouse district
with headquarters at Buffalo. In
March, 1597, while commander of the
receiving ship Richmond at League
Island he was ordered to the Asiatic
squadron, and July 18, 1897, was as
signed to command the Olympia.
PROBABLE CONFUSION
OF TERROR AND FUROR.
KINGSTON, Jamaica. June 5.— A dis
patch from Port Antonio says:
"A vessel that has arrived here from
Santiago de Cuba reports that the
Americans sunk on Friday night the
Spanish torpedo-boat destroyer Ter
ror."
The assumption, based upon dis
patches from Madrid, has been that the
destroyer Terror, after leaving Fort de
France wen to Porto Klco, and it is
probable that the Port Antonio dispatch
confuses her with her sister destroyer,
the Furor, as has several times been
done in dispatches from ot ier points.
BUT WAR
IS NOT YET
CONCLUDED
Spair) Is Now ir) Proper
Mood to Asl^ for
Peace.
This Government, However, In
tends to Act Aggressively for
the Next Few Weeks.
Call Office, Riggs House, Washington, June 5.
News from several quarters during the last few days
strongly indicates that Spain is in a mood to ask for peace.
The magnanimous action of Cervera in notifying Admiral
Sampson that the prisoners captured on the Merrimac would
be kindly treated and exchanged for Spanish prisoners at Fort
McPherson is regarded here as a particularly smart thing for
him to do. The wily old naval commander appears to be
something of a diplomat as well as naval tactician.
El Epoca, published in Madrid, is fh close touch with the
Sagasta regime. Its recent allusions to this "grand Government of
the United States," and its confession that "an inclination in favor
of peace is predominant in Spain" is another circumstance that
shows which way the wind is blowing.
The sentiment here in Washington is unanimously opposed to
entertaining any peace overtures at this time. The Philippines and
Porto Rico must both be taken before any such proposition is con
sidered.
There is not the slightest doubt of the administration's inten
tion to act aggressively for the next few weeks. There seems to be
no reason why Porto Rico should not be in our possession by the
end of this month.
It is quite generally believed that General Fitzhugh Lee will
lead the Porto Rico expedition and will be made military governor
of the island.
As for the Philippines, they are virtually in our possession now.
A dispatch from San Francisco printed this morning indicates a
doubt as to whether the Monadnock will be sent to Manila. The
Call correspondent has positive information that this is the destina
tion of that vessel, for he has seen the orders issued to the Mare
Island commandant.
It has been decided to send more troops to San Francisco. This
time some of them will be sent from as far east as New York. Orders
will be issued assigning for duty in the Philippines the light brigade
organized and equipped by John Jacob Astor, inspector-general,
with rank of colonel on the staff of Major-General Breckinridge.
The Nebraska regiment of which William J. Bryan is to be colonel
has not yet been mustered in, but there is no doubt that this regi
ment will be sent to Manila.
CHIVALROUS
AND HIGH-MINDED
WASHINGTON, June
the Editor of the
New York Herald: The
reported courtesyof Cer
vera to Hobson and his
men is most chivalrous
md high-minded.
D. LONG,
Secretary of the Navy.
CORRESPONDENTS WILL
BE TREATED AS SPIES
General Blanco Warns Foreign News
paper Men Not to Enter
Cuba.
HAVANA, June s.— Captain General
I Blanco has isued a decree in which he
1 says:
"Having an opportunity of learning |
of the great hindrance to the regular
development of operations by the pres- |
ence in this country of foreign corre- ,
spondents, and by virtue of the extra- I
| ordinary faculties with which I am
j vested, it is ordered that no foreign [
l Journalist shall be allowed here or to |
! pass through the lines.
"Every foreigner seized in the char
l acter of a correspondent shall be con
| sidered as a spy and judged as such
according to the military code."
The British journalists, Robinson and i
I Whigham, were released yesterday, \
having been ordered to leave the coun- j
j try. They will leave on Tuesday next ;
i for Jamaica on the Talbot. On leaving ■
! Cabanas fortress the journalists called ;
at the palace and saw Secretary Con- j
gesto, whom they thanked for having :
i seen that they were treated well.
Humbert Receives General Draper, j
ROME. June s.— To-day Klngr Humbert
received in audience General William F.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Draper, the United States Embassador
to Italy.
AD V EBTISiiJIIiiJM TB.
At this moment thousands of men are
standing at 'he cross-roads of life D«*ath
in tht guise of a foolish ambition coaxes
them 'o take one road, while hi-nlih and
happiness in the form of ' wife and babies
coax them to take the other Pot the sake
of i few add«:d dollars will they continue to
over-work *nd neglect the commonest pre-
cautions foi the preservation" of health, of
will they listen to love and reason and draw
back before it is too lat* ? A man may do
almost any amount of good, hard work if he
will take care of his health and when he
feels out of aorta will take the right remedy.
' Th»- great maker, flesh builder and;
nerve tonic ii Dr. Fierce's Golden Medical
Discovery It is the hard • workers' medi-
cir.e. It corrects all disoiders of the diges-
lion, invigorates the liver, purifies th* blood
hi.d tones «r.d steadies the nerves^ It makes
"th'i''»ppetite hearty »iiid biings refreshing '
elefj* Thousands of hatd - workers owe
tbei?.Ji»es t^;it and have sai<J so over their
nigriHtures. Druggist* all bell it ai.d all :
oai)><'it'it«-« art fi^i-.d, • ""
- 1 was iak»r. with erysipelas in my hands and
went to the dcy-tor." writes Mr T.etiß Bnuni^art.
dpi of Joy, Charlevoi.xC.o . Mich. . "He said hi
could t.<A cure me .lltgiive me medicine to «•«« .
m» but the 'lise^ste spre»fl all over my body- I'
Mkl«'/ )>ott!e-?of the 'Golden Medical Discov-
ery ' and two of the "Favorite Prescription ; »nd
■«m entirely rur-rl 1 have i. hoy three week* old.
'1 was helpless tw> or three months before cm- .
: fiueJt.»i.l. but after taking the" Favorite Prescrip-
tion") »»*!• able to do uiy w-istiiut: tlirca J«y«
l.rf'jr* l «v ronfined." • .
Tbeie *s. scarcely « known form of ill.
health that constipation will not cause or
••W!» v;il<i I-" Pisict's I'lcasant Fellets are
tD untiillrij; cure for constipation. On* lit*
tl«<V.PeHet " is i. f?Kilc laxative5
ALLEGED COMBAT OFF
THE HAYTIEN COAST
Three Spanish and Four American
Warships Reported to Have
Battled.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Hayti, June s.— Advices from Mole St. Nicholas (
6ay that yesterday afternoon (Saturday) some distance off Jean Rabel, (
a seaport on the northwest port of Hayti, half way between .Port de (
Paix and Mole St. Nicholas, a combat took place between three Spanish (
and four American warships. (
The American ships are said to have withdrawn from the combat. (
One of the Spanish warships entered the harbor of Jean Rabel for (
water. The officers of the ship lying at Mole St. Nicholas were ex- (
tremely reticent. (
Jean Rabel is an insignificant seaport, and there is no telegraphic (
station there. It is thought possible that the Spanish ships encountered (
were the vanguard of the Cadiz fleet. (
The names of the American ships are not ascertained, but it is be- C
lieved that they were scout boats. (
DAVIS REPLIES
TO BIGELOW
Attack on the Regulars
Resented.
ARE IN FINE CONDITION
READY TO TAKE THE FIELD
AT ONCE.
Indignation at Tampa Over Baseless
Criticism of the Wear
ers of the
Blue.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June s.— Richard Hard-
Ing Davis, writing to the Herald from
the headquarters of the United States
army at Tampa, Fla., says: The ut
most indignation has been aweakened
here to-day by an article attacking the
regular army, which appeared in a cur
rent number of an illustrated weekly
paper. The article is by Mr. Poultney
Bigelow, who, with Editor Percival, is
to-night universally condemned.
Mr. Bigelow states that owing to the
stinginess of the Government the
health of the men is seriously affected;
that they are being treated worse than
those of any Continental and
that there is not a single regiment fit to
take the field. The camp doctors, so
Bigelow writes, are busy with men and
officers suffering from dysentery.
I asked Colonel Pope, chief surgeon
of the Fifth Artillery Corps, just what
was the present health of the men, and
he said: "The sick list is only 2 per
cent. This is less than one-half the
normal rate of 44 1 * per cent. It is the
healthiest army in history."
The article also charges the Govern
ment with giving men unseasonable
food.
"We are in the habit," writes Bige
low, "of pitying the soldiers of Eu
rope. For downright neglect I have
Been nothing to beat the way the
American is treated by Uncle Sam.
There is a German miltary attache at
Tampa noting all these things, and
what is concealed from the American
people is carefully sent to Europe."
I happened to be talking the other
day on this same subject to this same
military attache, Count yon Goetzen,
who said the rations served our men at
Tampa were as good as those served to
any Continental army, and that our
men received them in much greater
quantity. That is the answer of the
German attache to Mr. Bigelow.
As to his most sensational charge,
that there is not a single regiment here
ready to take the field, I can best quote
the commander-in-chief :
"There is not a regiment belonging to
the regular army," he said, "that Is not
ready now to take the field and that
has not been ready for months. I have
never been so proud as I was yester
day, when I rode through the camp of
the Fifth Army Corps and saw the
magnificent condition and Physical per
fectness of our men. There is no army
corps anywhere in the world that is
better supplied with men and officers of
courage, fortitude and intelligence."
That is the answer of the com
mander-in-chief to the editor of the
periodical and to Mr. Bigelow.
CHICK AM AUGA NATIONAL PARK,
Ga., June 5. — This has been the quietest
day since the volunteer army arrived
here. It was probably one of the most
delightful, too. so far as weather was
concerned. There were no drills or
parades of any kind and the regular
detachments of men were given short
leaves of absence to visit near-by
points of interest. Religious services
were held in those regimental camps
having chaplains. It was, in a word, a
AMUSEMENTS.
30/
/O
Government
Loan.
Subscription Books
Are Now Open
. . AT THE . .
First National Bank
NW. Cor. Bush and Sansome Sts.
Deoon)inatioQs of Bonds,
$25, $50, $100, $500 aod $1000
JUNE 4, 1898.
ARCHITECT J. fc". WOLFE,
81 FLOOD BUILDING, pledges results en-
tirely (satisfactory to every fair-minded owner
ac to coKt, quality and otherwise In the erection
of BRICK or FRAME buildings of every char-
acter. SPECIALTIES IN FLATS, containing
a.l modern comforts and niceties, to lnsur*
quick r«ntlng and retain good tenants.
typical Sunday, with all of its observ
ances.
It was stated on pretty good author
ity to-day that the Government would
at once erect a permanent building at
Lytle, the Park Postoffice, to be used
for offices for heads of departments and
for a postoffice. The mail matter being
handled is enormous.
A distinct but unverified report was
circulated in camp to-day to the effect
that the Eighth New York would be or
dered to the Philippines.
Paymaster McArthur, of the New
York National Guard, arrived to-day
with the funds with which to pay off
the New York regiments for the time
they were in camp prior to being mus
tered into the Government service.
Two troops of the First Kentucky
Cavalry arrived this morning and went
into camp. The regiment has been
raised since the call for volunteers and
the men have, so far, had no experience
in the service.
Pneumonia has about spent itself and
there is now nothing more serious, aside
from the few cases of disease remain
ing, than measles and a few cases of
malaria. Chief Surgeon Hartsuff re
ports the health of the camp as ex
ceedingly gratifying.
MOBILE, Ala., June s.— The Fifth
Cavalry and the Elevei th Infantry left
camp to-day for Aiuntgomery, there to
take the Plant system to Tampa, and
the camp of regulars is no more. Five
regiments of volunteers remain. As
headquarters of the Fourth army corps
has been permanently established, it is
inferred by officers that there will
shortly be centered here the full com
plement of corps regiments, namely,
twenty-seven regiments.
KEY WEST, Fla., June s.— The im
pending invasion of Cuba and the
Santiago situation are the only topics
of interest here to-day. Intense anxiety
is felt for more and definite news from
Commodore Schley and Rear Admiral
Sampson, and the north coast blockade
has become a minor incident. The only
arrival of to-day from off Havana re
ports an unchanged condition there.
The ships are still stationed in line and
have relaxed none of their vigilance.
On the shore in the immediate vicinity
of Havana the only sign of life is the
incessant work being done on the fortifi
cations.
DES MOINES. lowa, June 5. —Ex
pecting to reach Camp Merritt. Pan
Francisco, on Friday, and Manila
eventually, the Fifty-first lowa Volun
teers, Colonel John C. Loper in com
mand, left Camp McKinley to-day in
three battalions over- the Rock Island,
Burlington and Northwestern Rail
ways, the Union Pacific and the South
ern Pacific to take them after they
reach Cheyenne. It was raining when
they started, but hundreds of oid sol
diers from Crocker Post and thousands
of other persons were at the train with
bared heads to honor the boys.
AMERICAN TROOPSHIP
CHASED Bf SPANIARDS
The Resolute Arrives at Mole St.
Nicholas After Eluding Two
Corvettes.
PORT AU PRINCE, Hayti, June 5.—
According to the latest advices from
Santiago d« Cuba, there were not more
than seventen ships in the offing all
day, and it is belived there that the
three missing vessels have gone for
provisions and munitions of war.
At 6 o'clock this afternoon the Hay
tien steamer Nouvelle Voldregue ar
rived here from Cape Haytlen after
touching at all the ports along the
coast. She reports that yesterday at
Mole St. Nicholas she saw the United
States troop ship Resolute awaiting in
structions. The vessel was under con
voy. It was ascertained from passen
gers on the Nouvelle Voldregue that
the Resolute had been pursued between
Jean Rabel and Mole St. Nicholas by
two Spanish corvettes.
From the same source it is learned
that Admiral Cervera's squadron in its
entirety is not in the port of Santiago
de Cuba, but that only a cruiser, sup
posed to be the Cristobal Colon, one
torpedo boat and two auxiliary crui
sers are there.
SAYS THREE WEEKS
WILL END THE WAR
Associate Justice Shiras Predicts a
Decisive Blow Off Cuba in
a Few Days.
NEW YORK, June 5.— A Pittsburg
special to the Herald says: Associate
Justice George Shiras of the United
States Supreme Court declares that the
war will end within three weeks. He
said tonight:
"In my opinion a decisive blow will be
struck off the Cuban coast in a few
days, and within three weeks Spain will
be suing for peace."
"Were you for war before the formal
declaration of hostilities?" I asked.
"No," he replied. "I believed the Cu
ban question could be settled peaceably,
but now that war Is started I think we
should not be slow in prosecuting it to
a speedy termination in a manner that
will bring glory to the United States.
The Administration means business,
and the wisdom of the policy pursued
will be apparent in due season. The
close of the war is near."
CERTAIN TO EXPEL CARANZA
. NEW YORK, June s.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald says:
A high official of the Government,
speaking to me to-day, said he had no
doubt Caranza's presence in Canada
partook of the same offensive nature as
if one of Spain's ships were in Eng
land's neutral ports. This official said
this country had made due demand of
England in the premises and had no
doubt that within a few days Caranza
would be forced to leave British soil.
"For," said he, "England cannot un
der any principle of international law
allow within its borders an organized
conspiracy, as divulged by Caranza's
letter, against the peace and comfort of
a friendly nation."
Japan at Peace With China.
Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
HONGKONG. June s.— Advices by tele
graph received here from competent
sources In Japan state that Japan's rela
tions with China are most amicable.
THE SAN FEA^CISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1895.
AMERICAN TROOPS
TO BOMBARD THE
SHIPS OF CERVERA
NEW YORK, June 5. — The Herald's Washington correspondent sends the following:
Pending the arrival of American troops, Rear Admiral Sampson's men-of-war will perform
the monotonous but highly important work of blockading Santiago de Cuba. The monotony may
be occasionally relieved by the destruction of any new batteries the Spaniards may attempt to erect,
or by the discharge of shells at any workmen who may labor to remove the wreck of the Merri
mac. And it may be that Rear Admiral Sampson may come to the conclusion that wisdom re
quires the sinking of another collier alongside its sister ship. But beyond this it can be stated au
thoritatively there will be no formal bombardment of fortifications, and no extensive naval opera
tions will be attempted until the arrival Wednesday or Thursday of the American troops now en
route to Santiago de Cuba.
New conditions will exist when the troops are at hand. It will be necessary in the first
place for the ships to cover the landing of the troops, and it is possible Rear Admiral Sampson
may consider it advisable to trick the enemy by making a demonstration either directly in front of
Santiago harbor or at a point on the opposite bank of that on which a landing is really being
effected. The troopships are under a strong convoy, the most formidable member of which is the
battleship Indiana, so they will be in little danger during this short cruise.
It is expected the insurgents will greatly aid in facilitating the landing of the American
troops, perhaps by making an attack on Santiago de Cuba or by protecting the landing place. This
is a detail which it is understood Rear Admiral Sampson will arrange with General Garcia, who
commands the insurgent forces in the province.
There is little prospect that the armor clads under Rear Admiral Sampson's command will
be able to try their metal against the Spanish armored cruisers. By the sinking of the collier Mer
rimac in the harbor Rear Admiral Sampson closed the channel so effectually as not only- -to pre
vent the escape of Admiral Cervera, but the ingress of his own ships. There is no wrecking ship
with the American squadron and none will be sent to that point, so it is evident the army will be
given the work of capturing or destroying the ships. This proposed work will be accomplished by
a cordon of siege guns which are now being transported to Santiago de Cuba, and will be placed
on the high hills surrounding the harbor. The accomplishment of this work will mean the de
struction of the Spanish military force now defending that city. When it is completed twenty-four
five-inch Armstrong siege guns, manned by experienced artillerymen, will point down toward Ad
miral Cervera's ships, and if that officer does not surrender a storm of shells will be hurled down
upon him which will be disastrous.
The dynamite cruiser Vesuvius, which will be enabled to come within short range of the
harbor where Admiral Cervera's ships are, will be able to drop dynamite shells in their vicinity,
and Rear Admiral Sampson's men-of-war can add to the bombardment by firing shells over the
hills, as was done by the Spaniards during the reconnoissance made by Commodore Schley a few
days ago.
It is evident the outlook is very gloomy for Spain. The Naval War Board is a unit in de
claring it is impossible for Cerve^a to escape. It is desired by officials that there shall be as little
loss of life as possible, and for this reason it is hoped that Admiral Cervera will surrender as soon
as he can honorably do so.
"I doubt very much if Admiral Cervera will attempt to blow up the Merrimac and escape
through the channel," said a naval expert with whom I talked to-day. "The steel sides and ma
chinery of the collier would obstruct the channel, and the probability is that holes would be bat
tered in the bottoms of the armored cruisers if they attempted to pass over the pieces of the
wreck. It is my belief that when the Spanish army has been defeated Cervera will destroy his
ships and go ashore, where he will surrender. The Spaniards will never permit those vessels to fall
into our hands."
BRAVE MEN WHO SHARE
HONORS WITH HOBSON
WASHINGTON, June 5. — Information afforded by the official records of the Navy Department as to the
full names and antecedents of the gallant sailors who made up Hobson's little crew in sinking the Merrimac dif
fers in some particulars from data furnished through the dispatch boats. The naval list is about as follows:
Daniel Montague, first class machinist on the New York, born in Ireland and 29 years old; last enlistment in
December, 1896; next of kin, Kate Golden, sister, 84 Horatio street, New York.
George Charette, first class gunner's mate on the New York, born in Lowell, Mass., 29 years of age; last
enlistment May 20, 1898: has been in the service since 1884; his next of kin is Alexander Charette, father, Low
ell, Mass.
Osborn Deignan, cockswain on the Merrimac, born in Stuart, lowa, 21 years old; last enlistment April 22,
1898; next of kin, Julia Deignan, mother, Stuart, lowa,
George F. Phillips, machinist on the Merrimac, born in Boston, 34 years old; last enlistment March, 1898
next of kin, Andrew Philips, Cambridgeport, Mass.
Francis Kelley, water tender on the Merrimac, born in Boston, 28 years old; enlisted at Norfolk April
21 next of kin, Francis Kelley, Boston.
Randolph Clausen, cockswain on the New York, born in Boston, 28 years of age; last enlistmei t February
25, 1897; next of kin, Teresa Clausen, wife, 127 Cherry street, New York.
Great admiration is expressed at the department at the cool pluck and discretion shown by the young cadet,
George W. Powell, who took command of the New York's steam launch and lay under the batteries fo; many
hours until he was satisfied from his own observation that the Merrimac had gone down befora he returned to the
flagship. It is felt that his act involved a display of quite as much courage as was shown by the Merrimac's
crew, and he is likely to profit thereby.
Young Powell was known as "one of Hobson's chickens." When Hobson joined the squadron he se
cured permission from the authorities to take with hi three young naval cadets from the academy at Annapolis.
They were included in his own class of naval cadets at the academy and he wished to take them with him to sub
stitute the theoretical force by some practical experience in the effect of explosives on ships. Powell was ap
pointed to the academy from New York in May, 1893.
CANADA WILL
EXPEL SPIES
London to Force Their
Departure.
GIVEN CAUSE FOR ACTION.
EFFECT OF THE INTERCEPTED
CARRANZA LETTER.
Sir Julian Pauncefote Cables to His
Government, Which Will
Interfere Without
Delay.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, June 5.
Steps have been taken by which it is
expected Lieutenant Carranza, who has
conducted the Spanish spy system at
Montreal with his associate, Senor Dv
Dose, the former first secretary of the
Spanish legation here, will be expelled
from Canada within the next few days
unless they adopt their own meana to
leave before an international question
is raised as to their presence in Canada.
The Carranza letter detailing his spy
system was communicated to the Brit
ish Embassador, Sir Julian Pauncefote,
together with all other information
bearing on the operations of the Span
ish in Canada, The Embassador was
quick to act, and without awaiting the
slow process of the mail he cabled the
entire matter to the Foreign Office. No
doubt is entertained as to the speedy
action of the authorities at London,
now that a specific case has been made
out against the Spanish officials in
Canada. They would have taken the
initiative ere this had there been any
thing more than suspicion as to the
operations of Carranza and Dv Bosc.
The Carranza letter was proof positive
and the British officials will move
quickly and of their own volition
toward securing adequate redress.
The State Department has not cabled
to Embassador Hay, not deeming it ne
cessary to do more than simply lay the
facts before the British Embassador
here. It is expected Lord Salisbury will
call the attention of the Spanish Gov
ernmen to the undesirability of having
Messrs. Carranza and Dv Bosc remain
in Canada longer, as the operations are
so obviously hostile to the United
States. This, however, may become un
necessary if the Spanish officials with
draw from Canada, for there appears
to be no disposition to prosecute them
nor to give them an enforced expulsion
bo long as they are willing to close
their operations and depart. The Brit
ish statutes, as well as those of Canada,
have specific provision against the use
of British or Canadian territory by for
eigners temporarily seeking asylum
there as the base of hostile operations
against countries with which Great
Britain and her colonies are at peace.
About a week ago an effort was made
by the Spanish officials to enlist the
sympathy of the British Embassy here
with an alleged British subject im
prisoned at Tampa, who, it is believed
is the Spanish spy alluded to in Lieu
tenant Carranza's letter. A Canadian
lawyer arrived here last Sunday and
made a personal appeal to Sir Julian
to intervene in behalf of the man im
prisoned at Tampa. There were sus
picious circumstances connected with
the case, and before acting the Embas
sador asked for a specific recital of all
the facts. These were not forthcoming
and the case was not pushed. When the
Carranza letter appeared stating that
one of his spies had been caught at
Tampa, It became apparent for the first
time that the efforts toward interven
tion were designed to secure the re
lease of his spy.
Aside from the official action of the
British Government, it is quite likely
the Canadian officials will take some
action against Carranza and Dv Bosc
under the Canadian statutes. When Sir
Louis Davies, Minister of Marine of the
Canadian Cabinet was here recently
he spo: --« of the determination of the
Canadian authorities to maintain the
strictest neutrality and see that the
Carranza party did not use Canada as
a base nf any hostile operations against
the United S*-tes. He referred to the
difficulty in making out a specific case
against them, saying that it was not
enough to present mere suspicion. He
sUd, however, thqt if such a case was
secured, the Canadian authorities
would act promptly in putting an end
to the abuse of hospitality shown by
the Spanish officials.
The Carranza letter furnishes lust
such a case as Sir Louis Davies re
ferred to, and leaves no doubt that the
Dominloti Government, as well as the
authorities in London, will see that the
Carranza-Du Bosc party no longer
abuse their residence in Canada by
making It the headquarters for a spy
system and base of Information for
General Blanco. Admiral Cervera and
authorities at Madrid
AMBULANCE
SHIP SOLACE
COMES HOME
Brings a Brave Band of Sick
and Wounded Boys
in Blue,
Robert Voltz of San Francisco
Among the Latter-Valorous
Deeds Recalled.
NEW YORK, June s.— The ambul
ance Bhip Solace came into port to-day
having on board fifty-four wounded
and sick, some of whom had been
transferred from the American war
ships in Cuban waters and others taken
from the hospitals at Key West.
Her afterdeck had been tented off
with canvas and in swinging ham
mocks lay half a dozen of the more
seriously ill of the patients. The con
valescing room was the basking place
of a score or more of the poor fellows
who had not given up the fight without
a struggle, while the privilege of the
decks had been accorded all those who
were able to move about or anxious to
watch the green hills as the good ship
moved in shoreward.
The Solace anchored off Tompkins
ville early this morning, where she was
boarded by a representative of the As
sociated Press. She left Key West
Wednesday afternoon last and made
the run to New York without incident
until Saturday night, when the gale
tumbled her about awhile and made
things to some extent uncomfortable
for the patients she carried. But the
seavoyage was a tonic to the men.
They had left behind the sweltering
heat of the tropics— had exchanged suf
focating and exhausting winds for re
freshing breezes. Many were nearing
home; all, almost, were to rest in the
heart of the great country they had
been fighting for. The Solace brought
in many a little band of heroes among
the fifty-four. They had gathered to
gether in small groups on the voyage
up many a time and told again the
story of a brush with the Spaniards or
a night on watch at the blockade.
Four of the heroes from the Nash
ville and the Marblehead were among
the patients on the Solace— Robert
Voltz of San Francisco and Henry
Hendricksen, John Davis and H. W.
Kuchmeister of New York. They are
the wounded of that gallant band of
volunteers who cut the cable at Cien
fuegos nearly a month ago. It is a
tale that has been told before, but that
noble effort will live in history side by
side with the Merrimac's journey down
into the narrows at Santiago harbor.
Commander McCalla of the Marble
head called for volunteers to man the
boats. Every hand went up and the
men begged for a call to the place of
danger. Lieutenant Winslow, Lieuten
ant Anderson and Ensign Magruder
were in charge as the seamen swept
the boats with easy stroke in shore. In
the rifle pits 2000 Spaniards had gath
ered. Shells from the warships were
directed along the coast line, and then,
with every man at his gun, the Marble
head, Nashville and Windom sailed,
watching for the voice that all knew
was inevitable.
The small boats made straight In. A
few hundred yards from shore and the
men were at work. They dragged up
the first cable and hacked through the
heavy strands; then found the second.
This was the Spaniards' signal, and
they opened fire. For half an hour the
gallant sailors worked amid a rain of
bullets. Meanwhile, the American war
ships were hurling shells and shot into
the enemy, who, nevertheless, kept up
a fierce fire. The men in the boats kept
coolly at their work. Never for a mo
ment did they falter.
Lieutenant Wlnslow lost three fingers
of his left hand by the explosion of a
shell, but he is still at Key "West, ready
for duty again.
John Reagan, on the Marblehead
boat, was shot through the chest. As
he fell, Private Marine Kuchmeister
stooped to assist him. At that Instant
a rifle ball struck Kuchmeister in the
jaw and passed out of his mouth. The
marine, hardly realizing how badly he
was injured, bandaged up his jaw with
a handkerchiew and tried to stop the
flow of blood from Reagan's wound, but
poor Reagan died a moment later.
Gunner's Mate Davis of the Marble
head was torn with a bullet in his
thigh and a moment after a one
pounder from shore had sent a shot
close enough to graze his arm.
Hendricksen and Voltz, the for
mer from the Marblehead, and
the latter from the Nashville are the
others of that gallant expedition who
will rarry the marks of heroism to the
grave. "When the revenue cutter iWn
dom brought Hendricksen and Voltz to
Key West, the hospital surgeons said
both would die. One had three bullet
wounds, this was Voltz. A 22-caliber
bullet had passed through the skull at
the base of the brain and out. Com
pared with this the other wounds were
insignificant. He was unconscious for
several days at the barracks hospital
at Key "Vvest, but gradually they
brought him around. Now Voltz looks
well. To be sure, he is still thin and
haggard, wears the bandages and says
that his head troubles him somewhat,
but Voltz is a hero like his three mates,
and there are many heroes in the
American navy.
Hendrickppn ivas shot through the
abdomen. The bullet passed completely
out, so great is the velocity of these
tiny steel missiles v: er the new meth
ods of propulsion. Hendri_ksen. when
seen aboard ship to-day, however, said
he would be fighting the Spanish again
before the end of the month, if there
was any fight left in them.
The Winslow sent one man here to re
mind the people north of that now fa
mous torpedo boat, and of " > terrible
engagement at Cardenas, when En
sign Bagley was killed — the first officer
of the American navy to fall in this war
with four of his men. He is Robert T.
Orubb, a landsman. Qrubb was among
those aboard at the time and with
others was rescued ly thp Hudson.
A victim of the Porto Rico bombard
ment was also brought here on the
Solace. George Merkle, a slender, pale
faced marine. He was on the lowa at
San Juan and* came out of the engage
ment lacking one arm. Those who h'tvp
been through the thick of the shot and
shell and have emerged unscathcl may
tell of marvelous escapes and thrilling
encounters, but Merkle tells another
story- The order to cease firing had
been given, the great guns on the lowa
■were silenced, men coma from tha tur
j rets to draw a frosh breath of life and
some went below as a routine course.
| Meanwhile, the monitor Terror, lying
i in closer than the others and, failing to
! see the signal, continued to pour in iron
I messengers. Men gathered on the gun
decks to watch the progress of the
light. Merkle came up from below and
was in the act of putting on his coat
when a shell plunged through the air
and exploded directly in front of him.
One piece struck Merkle on the right
elbow, tearing out the forearm. Thia
occurred after the battle was over.
Three men from the greatest of bat
tleships, the Oregon, were among the
patients of the Solace— who, by the
way, have been transferred to the
Marine Hospital in Brooklyn— Liouia
Upson, P. J. Lynch and Alonzo Gartley.
They were not the <nly ones to suffer
from the heart, reaking voyage of the
Oregon, but they were the most seri
ously ill, after the battleship reached
Key West, and it was deemed advisable
to send them to a more favorable cli
mate. No men are prouder of the grand
work of their ship than they.
One of the remarkable cases brought
by the ambulance ship is William Tay
lor, a Washington boy, and a first-class
apprentice on the cruiser Mew York.
Taylor's recovery' is the most marvelous
of any of those remarked upon by the
naval surgeon, (me day, soon after the
bombardment of Matanzas, through
which the men on the New York passed
without the slightest injury, a revolver
dropped from the belt of Boatswain
Mullen, and exploded. The bullet passed
through Taylor's right arm at the el
bow, entered the abdomer passed up
through the liver, grazed the lun~ and
came out through the left shoulder. An
operation for laparotomy was per
formed and Taylor recovered although,
naturally, he is still suffering from the
effects of his multiple wound and the
operation.
Following is a complete list of the
patients upon the Solace:
William Watson, oiler, Manning.
James B. Scott, seaman, St. Paul.
George Merkle, private marine, lowa.
John Engle, ordinary seaman, lowa.
Karl F. Normann, seaman, Wilmington.
Robert Voltz, seaman, Nashville.
J. F. Kendig, apprentice, Castine.
F. F. Burkett, coal passer, Suwane*.
M. Cooke, coal passer, Machias.
George W. Barber, seaman, Puritan.
Carl Askenburg, seaman, Algonquin.
A. W. Simons, quartermaster. Dolphin.
J. N. Stanley, gunner's mate. Hornet.
Henry Hendricksen, seaman, Marbla
head.
J. Varley, first-class fireman, Mangrove.
William Taylor, apprentice, New York.
Michael J. Henry, private, marine bat
talion.
M. W. Antonen, gunner's mate, first
class, Indiana.
A. Hesaford, coal passer, Terror.
D. O. O'Connell, private, marina bat
talion.
Sydney Trammel, private, marina bat
talion.
Thomas Nelson, private, marine bat
talion.
Albert Link, machinist, Annapolis.
James McLeod, master at arms, New
port.
Frank Davis, coxswain, Castine.
Charles H. Kelly, mechanic, Nezencott.
B. O'Leary, coal passer, Marblehead.
Thomas Dodds, seaman. Dolphin.
Edward A. Donadue, private marine
battalion.
Charles Schmitt, boatswain's mate, Dol
phin.
John Davis, gunner's mate, Marblehead.
H. W. Kuchmeister, private, marina
battalion.
Charles L. Meiss, gnnner's mate, Oace
ola.
Robert McFetters, private, marine bat
talion.
C. W. Miles, mes3 attendant, Ampbi
trite.
Daniel Burns, quartermaster, Puritan.
YV. H. Powell, apprentice. Vixen.
J. McKernan, fireman, Suwanee.
A. H. Howard, fireman, Amphitrite.
T. F. Mitchell, first sergeant, Annapolis.
J. w. Eck, first sergeant, marine bat
talion.
William A. Shaw, mechanic, MachJas.
Daniel D. Donovan, seaman, Bancroft.
Robert L. Grubb, landsman, Winslow.
Edward F. Brothers, fireman, Maple.
William Giles, naval cadet, Oregon.
Louis F. Upson, ordinary seaman. New
Orleans.
James Z. Webber, ordinary seaman.
Montgomery-
Charles F. "Werz, quartermaster, Porter.
P. J. Lynch, private, marine, Oregon.
Michael H. Cox, seaman, "Wampatuck.
F. T. Wiss, water tender, iGwa.
Alonzo Gartley, apprentice, Oregon.
Of these fifty-four American seamen,
four are afflicted with consumption-
Three of them are young men, two
mere boys, anprentlces— and the fourth
is James McLeod, famous as the mas
ter-at-arms of the Newport, who has
worn eight service straps.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ÜBS
INCORCOBXTtD ■||g|f|
LEADING CASH GROCERS.
SPECIAL SALE FOR THE WEEK.
BUTTER, Point Reyes— f . M
r Creamery, ■fresh, 3 5quare5.. ..........5««w
BLEACHING SOAP ........... 55c
■■': 20 Large Cakes in Box.
CASTILE SOAP, Virgin . . ... .25c bar
Imported from France.
PLYMOUTH GIN ....... . .85c bot.
From London, Reg. $1.15.
BACON— Armour's Melrose. . . . 13c'Ib.
: Finest Eastern" Regular, : 16c.
MAPLE SUGAR, Pure........ I5clb.
'■'. . Welch Bros., Vermont.
BEZIER'S IMP. SARDINES.... 20c can
Yacht Club Largest Tins.
. PICNIC AND TOURIST SUPPLIES.
TELEPHONE SOUTH 292.
Send for Catalogue. >.
We ship goods to the country free of charga
within 100 miles. :. ■. :
1324 - 1326 MARKET STREET
And 134 SIXTH STREET.
" ■ ■ ..•'-. ..-. i i ~fc mmt^mtwmmtWimmw n mi i if mm n iFATES WERE
AGAINST THE
BRAVE SEVEN
Hobson and His Men Had
to Grope Their Way
in Darkness.
Inspiring Coolness of the Little
Crew While Preparing to
Challenge Death.
ON BOARD THE ASSOCIATED
PRESS DISPATCH BOAT DAUNT
LESS, off Santiago de C-iha, June 3, 7
a. m. (via Port Antonio. Jamaica, June
4.) — Knowing Hobson's desperate plan,
the dispatch boat took up a position at
punset opposite the narrow harbor en
trance and Just outside the line of the
blockading warships. The swift
tropical twilight blotted out the Cuban
shore like a dissolving view in a
theater.
The last sign of the doomed Merrimac
•Been from the dispatch boat was her
black shadow close in shore, seven
miles east of Morro, and probably
hidden from its lookouts by the high
land close to the coast.
All night long glasses had been
trained on the streak of gloom which
waa all that maVked the shoreline.
Heavy clouds blotted out the full moon,
except at brief intervals, when its light
brought out the shadowy bulk of the
battle-ships, which was as quickly
swallowed up again. Now and then a
signal light of the fleet winked and was
answered by another far down the
Then more darkness, silence
and waiting.
The center of interest, the moon, re
mained black. Knowing that one
tentative plan was for the fleet to chase
the Merrimac in as a pseudo blockade
runner using blank cartridges on her
and search lights to point to Hobson
the harbor entrance, every one waited
for this pyn technical display. But it
did not come, so Hobson had apparent
ly chosen the less spectacular but
equally desperate plan of quietly stalk
ing the forts alone and in darkness
Black cloudbanks to the westward
had hidden the moon for two hours be
tting, depriving Hob.--..' of his
own wish for just a bit of li^ht i yruid ■
him in under the Spanish guns.
could scarcely have been harder. At
:; o'rlock thi' moon showed for a few
moments, and then it was extinguished
in the
said every one, "he will
i ever have time to run in by that."
Almost <at the same moment dawn
• ls quickly as night
h < i ■ 1 fallen the is evening. To
the eastward., just where the Merrimac
lay last night, loomed up the black
••ssel.
"lie has missed bis chance." was the
rk. There the collier lay, spread
In the southern brillancy. Motto's deep
red walls Bhowed against the blue hills
I "pal clouds.
Suddenly a dazzling flash, like a.
graph ray, leaped from the battle
ts, followed by a slow-spreading
cloud of white smoke. There was no
report, but far up the coast a white jet
of spray leaped from the sea. The
battle-ships were waking up.
Glasses were trained where the Mer
rimac had been. She was gone. The
Vixen had been mistaken for her dur
ing the morning light. Glasses swept
the horizon in search for the Merrimac.
She was nowhere visible. Bright flashes
and billowing smoke arose from point
to point where the harbor batteries
were located. The Spaniards were
awake sure enough and buzzing like
an upset hive.
"Hobson has run in on them and
fooled us ali," was s.aid; "but." it was
!, "what are the idiots shooting
at?"
The spraying shells arose every
where, beyond the Brooklyn and in
side the Texas, but the fire was seem
ingly concentrated westward, close to
the shore. There a thin thread of
smoke disclosed their target, the New
York's launch, which Ensign Powell
had gallantly held close under Morro's
walls until after daylight, when, driven
out by the fire of the big guns, he had
run far up the shore, under the partial
cover of the bluffs, and had turned and
eventually boarded the Texas, out of
range. Then he passed on to the New
York. 0
The brave fellow was heartbroken at
not finding Hobson and his men. Be
ing closer than In the warships. Powell
had seen the firing before daylight,
when the Merrimac and her daredevil
crew, then well inside Morro Castle,
were probably first discovered by the
Spaniards. He also heard an explosion,
which may have been caused by Hob-
Fon's torpedo. The ensign was not sure.
Ke waited, vainly hoping to rescue the
heroes of the Merrimac, until he was
shelled out by the forts.
The fleet, seeing the launch return,
crowded close in shore to learn the
news, and learning it, went In closer
still, hoping to draw. the Spanish fire,
but the forts were silent. Inside the
hills enclosing- the harbor could be seen
a dense column of moving smoke, as at
least one Spanish vessel moved down
the tortuous channel to the harbor
mouth. She did not show beyond Cayo
smith while the Dauntless remained in
sight. Beyond that her way was
blocked by the Merrimac's hulk, sunk
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR ST. MICHAEL, DA WSON AND Alt
YUKON RIVER POINTS!
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY'S
NEW STEEL STEAMSHIP "ST. PAUL"
SATURDAY, JUNE 11, AT 2 O'CLOCK P. M.
Passengers by the St. Paul for up-river points will be transferred to our
river boats now waiting: at St. Michael. For rates and particulars apply to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.,
310 SfINSOME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
where Hobson promised, crosswise of
the narrow channel.
Yesterday afternoon while the Merri
mac lay "stripped to the buff" for her
last desperate run, she was Inspected
by the Associated Press representative.
With hatches off, gaping cargo ports
swung back and everything valuable
removed save her engines and 2300 tons
of coal, that scarcely seemed to count
in her cavernous hold, she was not an
inviting spectacle.
The seven men who were to risk their
lives in her were as cheerful as school-
j boys on a frolic, despite twenty-four
! hours' sleeplessness and hard work.
Coxswain Deignan, with professional
[ pride, explained the several stations of
; the forlorn crew. Murphy was to cut
loose the forward anchor and Daniel
I Montague the after one, and they were
' then to jump overboard and swim to
! the lifeboat which was towing astern.
Phillips, Kelley and Crank were to
! stop the engines and knock away the
; kingston valves to flood the hold, and
Lieutenant Hobson and Charette were
', to fire the torpedoes from the bridge.
Words cannot paint the cool, matter
! of-fact heroism of these enlisted men,
I so calmly .confident of success in their
■ audacious undertaking, so implicitly
! trusting in the young lieutenant
j who was to lead them, so oblivious of
! everything except that they were going
j in. They did not speak of coming out,
' •with the exception of Delgnan, who
said nonchalantly:
"Oh, I guess we stand a fair show
of getting out; but they can't stop us
j from getting in." this last in a most
! matter-of-fact style, as though going in
i was the only point worth considering.
So it was to them. This was every
! day heroism — heroism in overalls and
' oil and coal dust from ankle to eye
: brow. Hobson. despite his uniform, was
almost as dirty and disheveled as his
men, with forty-eight hours' growth of
beard, eyes sunken for lack of sleep and
hands as black as a coal heaver's, but
; M>n hands were as cool and firm in
; ilieir grasp as though they were going
i on parade, and nothing would dull the
I fire of those sunken, hazel eyes. Re
i served, but courteous even to gentle
i ness, he spoke of his plans. He spoke
j as his men had spoken of going in,
j nothing of coming back, except this,
just at parting:
"Now, pardon me, but in case you
: gentlemen write anything of this expe
dition, please don't say anything mdii
i vidually about its members until you
know."
He accented the last word and the
inference was plain, "Until yo 1 . know
we are dead" would have filled out the
sentence.
While the Associated Press corre
spondent was on the birdge of the Mer
rimac, a young officer from the Marble
■ head came aboard on business. When
j he left he said:
"Shall we send you fellows over some
i breakfast? We would be delighted and
I can do it just as well as not."
"Never mind about the breakfast, old
I man," replied Hobson, "but if you can
■ send some coffee, we would be very
: glad. You see, we are swept pretty
clean here, and none of us have had a
drop of coffee since day before yester
day."
It was a trivial incident, but coming
from a man doomed to almost certain
death, it seemed to add the last touch
of the pathetic situation, heartbreak
ing enough in Itself.
RED CROSS WORK 'IN
CALIFORNIA TOWNS
Concert at Hotel Belvedere to Raise
Funds for the Boys
in Blue.
BELVEDERE, June 5.— A Red Cross
Auxiliary Society has been started here
with the following officers: President,
Mrs. A. L. GerlK-rding; vice-president,
Mrs. F. W. Bridge; treasurer, Mrs. J.
W. Pew; secretary, Mrs. T. L. Miller.
A concert was held this evening at the
', Hctel Belvedere and was well attended, j
', the proceeds going to augment the I
fund.
SAX RAFAEL. June s.— The Red j
' Cross Society of this city has forward- I
ed a large number of bardages to the
headquarters In Kan Francisco. About
$40 has been subscribed by citizens j
merely to purchase flannel for the use j
[ of the boys going to the front.
Slew Many Grizzly Bears.
SAN JOSE. Juno s.— George McCrack
< en, a pioneer resident of this city, and
ex-school trustee, died last evening aged
''■'■ years. In early days he was a sheep
; raiser and was noted as a grizzly bear
slayer. It was his boast that he' killed
iilti.gether ninety-six of these ferocious
animals.
Breaks a Boad Record.
, ; SAN JOSK, June s.— Bunt Smith broke
I the record of tho Milplt.is five-mile bi
! cycle course to-day, making the distance
| in 11:40. against 12:40, previous best time
1 ; made by J. E. Wtnjgf. It was a handicap
I race and Smith was scratch.
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1898.
WAR REVENUE
COMES FIRST
Week's Work Cut Out
For Congress.
NEED OF APPROPRIATIONS.
OPPONENTS OF ANNEXATION
CONFIDENT.
Declare There Is No Chance for the
Passage of the Hawaiian
Resolutions This
Session.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June s.— The Senate
was so late setting through with the
war revenue bill Saturday as to pre
vent any consultation looking to a pro
gramme-for this week. The only posi
tive indications are that much of the
time will be given to the appropria
tion bills, which have been entirely
neglected since the revenue bill was
taken up.
There are three appropriation bills In
conference, and all are about ready to
be presented to the Senate Committee
on Conference Reports. These are the
sundry civil, Indian and postofflce bills.
All present some differences between
the two houses and each of them will
unquestionably be made the basis of
more or less debate. There are many
items of general Importance connected
with the sundry civil bill, and It may
consume a day or two of the Senate's
time.
The census bill also will receive at
tenton if opportunity is afforded. There
is a general desire to provide" for the
taking of the next census before ad
journment for the session, and the hope
Is now expressed by the friends of the
measure that the committee bill will be
accepted without a great deal of de
bate. The quarantine bill also occupies
a prominent place upon the calendar
and may be considered.
Whether the Hawaiian question shall
come up will depend largely upon the
action of the House. The general
understanding among Senators is that
the Newlands annexation resolution
will be acted upon by the House during
the week, but that the action will come
up in time for the Senate to take up the
same measure this week is doubted
even by the best friends of Hawaii in
that body. The opponents of annexa
tion still insist that there will be no
serious action by the Senate during this
session, but they agree that it almost
certainly will come to the front again,
and especially if the House acts. They
prophecy that in that event they will
soon be able to make it so evident that
final action is out of the question that
the friends of annexation will them
selves be willing to suspend the contest
until the short session next winter.
The conference on the revenue bill
between the two Houses will be inaug
urated during the week, but how long
it will continue or what the result will
be, there is yet no indication from any
source.
All parties ore counting upon the
general desire for adjournment to as
sist materially in expediting considera
tion, and each man hopes this interest
in adjournment will help his cause by
insuring acceptance to avoid delay in
getting away. A majority of Senators
still count upon reaching tho end of
the session by the first of July, and
some place the date much earlier, but
all admit their opinions are mere con
jecture. It is impossible to speak in
anywise definitely as to this matter un
til the Hawaiian question shall have
had an airing and the war revenue
bill shall be definitely disposed of. In ]
tho meantime the progress of the war
may raise other questions. So far,
however, as can be seen now, the pres
ent montb ought to and probably will
witness the final adjournment.
The war revenue bill as it passed the
Senate wil be —^sented to the House
when it meets to-morrow. The desire
of Chairman Dingley and the major
ity of the members of the Ways and
Means Committee is to send the bill
t<> conference at once and not delay it
by 'l-'bate. In accordance with this de
sire the Committee on Rules will report
immediately a rule identical with, or
generally In line with, the resolution
which Dtngley introduced last week to
provide for a motion to disagree to the
Senate amendments and request a con
ference. This motion will prevail with
out debate and conferees will be
named.
At present there Is an understanding
that the Hawaiian resolutions, provid- j
ing for annexation, are to be considered !
in the House before th<» session ad- I
journs. Just whnn and how the con
sideration shall proceed has not been
determined. A large element wants It
to come immediately after the revenue
bill is sent to conference, and are anx
ious to have the matter disposed of.
pending 1 the r^nbrt of the revenue bill
from conference. Another element be
lieves annexation should wait until af
ter the revenue bill has passed, so as to
avoid all possibility of complicating the
situation.
Appropriation bills will occupy much
attention. The conferees on the sundry
civil have reached an agreement oh
about four-fifths of the measure, but
cannot agree upon the remainder with
out taking the sentiment of their re
spective Houses.
A measure of importance that Is
likely to come up during the week is
the quarantine laws and give the Fed
eral authorities enlarged jurisdiction of
quarantines against infectious and epi
demic diseases. It proposes to make
supreme Federal rules and regulations.
FURTHER INVESTIGATION
IS NOT NECESSARY
Senators Satisfied With the Beport of
the Naval Court in the Maine
Disaster.
■WASHINGTON. June 5. — Senator
Chandler, from the Committee on Na
val Affairs, Saturday mndp a report to
the Senate on the resolution passed on
February 21 last directing an investiga
tion into the destruction of the battle
ship Maine. The committeemen say
that in view of the careful inquiry by
the naval court and that which was
later made by the Senate Committee on
F. >rf>ii?n Relations they deem an in
vestigation by the naval committee un
necessary and have therefore made
none.
THREE HIGHWAYMEN
TAKE A MONGOLIAN'S GOLD
BAKER CITY. Or., June G.— The stage
running between this city and Bridge
port was held up yesterday by three
masked men, who stepped from behind
a cliff of rocks and leveled rifles at the
uirec passengers and the driver. Two
thousand dollars in gold dust, owned by
a tiiiiiese company, which was being
shipped to this city, was taken by the
robbers. They took nothing from the
passengers except a bottle of whisky.
After drinking the whisky they ordered
the driver to go oi.. The outlaws wore
gunnysacks on their heads.
FIERCE REVOLT
IN VENEZUELA
Gains Headway Despite
Official Denial.
LED BY MOCHO HERNANDEZ
GOVERNMENT FORCES DESERT
AFTER DEFEAT.
General Flores and Thirteen Others
Executed for Complicity
in the Rebel
lion.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
PANAMA, J--.ie s.— News from vari
ous sources received to-day via Cartha
gena Indicates that the revolution in
progress in Venezuela, headed by the
Conservative leader, Mocho Hernandez,
despite official reports to he contrary,
seems to be formidable and daily gain
ing headway.
The Herald's correspondent at Cara
cas writes under date of May 24 that
the Government forces in El Cuchillo
were completely routed and that many
deserters had arrived at Barb°
News from Maracaibo is to the effect
that the Government forces were dis
persed after the battle of Aguablanca
and afterward headed .by the rebel
leader Hernandez.
A Frenchman named Julio Brun was
killed during a skirmish at Santa
Barbara, Brun was manag r of the
Franco-Venezuelan Railroad Company.
His body was taken to Caracas for fn
terment.
It is reported that Francisganto
Garcia's band surrendered to the Gov
ernment forces with honor, the officers
keeping their side arms.
According to the latest advices from
Guacipali, the rebel general, Brinceno's
forces after being defeated fled and are
n^w trying to join the forces under
Hernandez. They were actively pursued
by General Ferrera and many prisoners
taken.
General Antonio Fernandez, Minister
of War, has left for his department at
Coro, the seat and hotbed of the revolu
tion. Recently the well-known General
Flores, together with thirteen others,
was executed by order of the Executive
of the Government for complicity in the
revolt.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
CADETS ENCAMPMENT
Site for a City of Tents Selected a
Short Distance From
Santa Rosa.
SANTA ROSA, June s.— This city has
been selected as the place for the next
annual encampment of the League of the
Cross Cadets find arrangements will be
commenced to-morrow for their arception
and entertainment. Colonel Sullivan and
staff yesterday selected as a suitable site
for the camp a plat a short distance west
o fthe city limits, and as it possesses the
advantages of plentiful shade and a level
and unobstructed Held suitable for drill
ing purposes the boys are assured of
pleasant surroundings for their week of
camp life.
Tne cadets will pitch camp on July 16
and will remain a week. Between 500
and 600 young m^n are expected to be
encamped here during that time. In a
few days water will be piped to the place
selected for the camp and electric lights
will be erected In different parts of the
grounds.
DETAILS OF THE REVOLT
IN SANTO DOMINGO
A Department Governor Taken
Prisoner and Two Rebel Gen
erals Executed.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
CAPE HAYTIEN*. Hayti, June 5.—
Further details regarding the revolt In
Santo Domingo are arriving here hour
ly. A gentleman who has just arrived
here from the neighborhood of Monte
Cristo states that General Miguel
Riohardo, Governor of the Department
of the North, was made a prisoner by
Senor Jiminez during the uprising. He
reports that all the employes In Senor
Jiminez's home at Monte Cristo have
been shot, and also confirms the killing
of Generals Remeglo Raes and Augus'
tin Morales and the escape of Senor
Jiminez.
IS OF SPANISH DESCENT.
Why the Application of a California
Volunteer Was Refused.
WALNUT CREEK, June s.— lt Js
stated here that Louis Livermore, who,
with a party of seven young men from
Concord, went to San Francisco to en
tin the volunteer army, was rejected
he recruiting officer on account of
Spanish antecedents. His parents
natives of this country. There are
iy Mexican and Spanish people In
county who are as loyal to the flag
:he United States as native-born
)le, and the rejectment of young
>rmore is the subject of much com-
ment.
P. Horgan, a prosperous business
man at Concord, and well liked In this
vicinity, has disposed of his business
so that he can go to the front and fight
for his country.
CONFLAGRATION AT NAPA.
Blacksmith Shop, Chinese Laundry
and Dwelling Destroyed.
XAPA, June s.— The most disastrous flre
that has visited Napa in several years oc
curred here this morning at 3:30 o'clock.
Flames were discovered In a Chinese
laundry, situated on First street, near
Coombs. The tire companies were soon
on hand, but owing to the insufficient sup
ply of water for the first few minutes
the conflatgration gained great headway
and spread into J. F. Bradt's blacksmith
shop on the corner, and to a dwelling
owned by J. Israelsky, next to the laun
dry. The blacksmith shop, laundry and
dwelling were totally destroyed and the
dwelling occupied by Israelsky was dam
aged. Another dwelling adjoining Bradt's
shop on Coombs stn>f>t was damaged and
was saved from destruction only by hav
ing streams of water poured upon It until
the adjoining buildings were in ruins.
Napa's Republican Club.
NAPA, June s.— The McKlnley and Ho
bart Club of Napa held its annual meet
ing last night, and the following officers
were elected: President, T. B. Hutchln
son: vice-president, Robert Corlett; sec
retary. F. J. Brownlee; treasurer, John
A. Imrip; sergeant-at-arms. George Se
cord. State Librarian Coombs was pres
ent and addressed the meeting.
Forbidden to Witness a Bullfight.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
GIBRALTAR, June 5.— he Governor
has issued an order prohibiting troops
from attending a bull fight at Algeclras
to-morrow.
Two Englishmen bicycling from Al
geciras to Tarlfa m»t with a hostile re
ception at the la'- er place to-day.
WILL MAKE
MANILA AN
OPEN PORT
The President Preparing In
structions for General
Merritt.
Dewey to Raise the Blockade and
Trade With the World to
Be Restored.
NEW YORK, June 5.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: President
McKinley will forward to Major-Gen
eral Merritt, as military governor of
the Philippines, within the next few
days, a schedule of rates to be applied
to Imports into the district which he
will govern.
Under the instructions which will be
given him his first act after the de
struction or surrender of Spain's mili
tary power in the far east, will be to
declare Manila an open port, and Rear-
Admiral Dewey will, accordingly, raise
the blockade. By this means it iscon
fidently expected in official circles that
trade with the Philippines will be im
mediately resumed by foreign mer
chants and by taxing goods which they
will bring into the country satisfactory
revenue will be obtained.
The revenues obtained from the Phil
ippines will be known as "military con
tributions," and will be collected by
officers designated by Major-General
Merritt. There will be no export tax,
such as was imposed by Spain, but all
importations into the islands will be
taxed in accordance with the rates
which Spain has hitherto imposed.
The adoption of the Spanish system
of taxation has arisen from the desire
of the President and Secretary Gage
not to throw merchants trading with
BIG DEAL IN
PLACER MINES
Eight Million Dollars In
volved.
FIELD FOR BRITISH CAPITAL
INVESTING IN CLAIMS ON THE
KLONDIKE.
Options Secured on Som > of the
Richest Claims in the North
ern Land of
Gold.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, June s.— lt transpires that
Pat Galvin's hurried trip to Dawson in
April, from which he returned- in May,
concerned a mining deal involving
$5,000,000. Galvin has undertaken to
purchase Klondike placers worth that
sum foV the North British American
corporation, which Galvin organized in
London last fall with a capital of $3,
500,000.
The properties on which Galvin has
secured options include some of the
richest mines on El Dorado, Bonanza.
Sulphur and Bear creeks. Experts of
international reputation have been ex
amining' the mines which were recom
mended to the company for purchase
by Galvin, and their report will soon
be made. Galvin says the report
will unquestionably be favorable, re
sulting in the biggest placer mine sale
ever made on this continent.
Galvin is the company's general man
ager. While in Dawson six weeks ago
he purchased $60,000 worth of real es
tate on which stores and warehouses
costing $140,000 are being erected. The
company intends to deliver 700 tons of
provisions at Dawson for its employes
and stores before navigation closes.
The company will operate on the Yu
kon its own river steamer, the Mary
Ellen Galvin, which is to be towed from
San Francisco to St. Michael two weeks
hence.
The company has purchased a one
third interest in the townsite of Barlow
City, just laid out at the junction of
Stewart and McQuestion rivers, and
will establish a store there. "Big Alex"
.Mm ■ ■ Are caused by weak back. Weak back Is brought on. by i^
Mr excess. . If . you • keep ; draining nature you \ will have weak \j\ ■
m back; you will have weak knees: you will lose confidence, in Tl
m you* manliness . and will be quite unfit for your regular dv- - Bi
: Ms ties. If you are puny now, ask what .''Hudyan" does for half- ra
Bj men. "You will ffet .In : return without one cent of expense' to ■/ «S
KB you a few samples from what 20,000 mr-n say as to ; Its power. V . =I|
X If you have spots before the eyes, trembling limbs. and a gen- ri\
H ' era! feeling- of being "down," would it not be wise to ask fcr H
9 help, which Is so freely.' tendered you? In: one single month ' a
M ' you will be a different- man. Do you know that : Vltudyan" 4 .
a ■ stops drains in one week? It does. Then ?it builds, your en- S
•.'■■'■ tire system up. Ask for free circulars and testimonials. Ask. U ■
■ . for free medical advice. vlf your blood ;is talnted^ask for "30 ' S
•.'■'■■■'■'"' day blood' cure", testimony. :It Is. all free. Call or address ff
1 HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE §
rMk Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets, ■ m
SAN FRANCISCO. M
i^k IT IS THERE ALONE THAT YOU CAN GET M ■
I the Philippines Into complications aris-
I ing from the imposition of Dingley
I rates in what has .always heretofore
1 been a Spanish colony.
The Chinese problem is influencing
the authorities a great deal in consid-
I ering the retention of the Philippines.
Great Britain and Japan are necessarily
I desirous that the ports of China shall
i be open to trad.\ and it is naturally the
policy of the United States.
Minister Denby has informed the
State Department of the probability
j that Russia and Germany will close
! Shantung and Manchuria to foreigners,
j thus reaping commercial benefits tor
their own merchants, and this undoubt
! edly will be seriously objected to by
Great Britain and Japan and by the
United States if it is determined to re
tain the Philippines.
With the Philippines situated In a
favorable postion for trade with China,
j if some of its benefits are to accrue to
American commerce the Islands must
bo continued under the American Hag.
Minister Denby states in his report
that the foreign trade of China for lS9fi
was $270,633,000. If the autonomy of
China is preserved Minister Denby de
clares that there will be an immense
development of trade in which the
United States will share. Much depends
upon whether the treaties are upheld
and whether access is assured to all
foreigners in Shantung and Manchuria,
which Germany and* Russia claim as
their own sole preserve?.
McDonald is one of the promotors of
this enterprise.
Galvin's company has also invested
in 1300 cattle which are brine? shipped
to Dawson under the management <>f
C. W. Theboud. These cattle have boon
forwarded from Ta coma and Vancouver.
j They will "be driven over the Dalton
; trail to Fort Selkirk, and thence rafted
by the river, arriving at about August 1
at Dawpon, where Galvin will establish
a butcher-shon on a large scale. Eighty
men will be employed all summer hand
, ling the cattle expedition.
TOLL COLLECTED BY
A LONE HIGHWAYMAN
Passengers on n Stage Near Los
Olives Made to Contribute
to a Bandit.
SANTA BARBARA, Juno s.— The mat!
stnpo on route bctwopn Santa Yrmz and
Santa Barbara was held up Saturday
nrar Red Gate by a masked man with a
shotgun. Two passengers were relieved
of 165. The robber did r.ot disturb the
mail. Ho inquired for the express box.
but none has been carried since the pre
vious robbery near thfe same place in
March.
The stae;e was comlns through a wild 1
part of the country, about twelve miles
from Sn.nta Ynez, when the driver, Fank
Cook, noticed a man crouching at the j
roadside. As the stage passed the rob
ber leveled his shotgun and ordered the
driver to stop. When the coach came to
a standstill the highwayman did not !
move, and Cook asked him what he want- !
cd. lie replied:
"Throw out the box."
Cook told him there was none, and the :
robber ordered the passengers out Tney '
were: Frank Stowell of Sunta Maria. H.
H. Scovel, Lns Angeles, drummer, and
Charles Mattei, a boy.
They were told to uirn out their pockets I
ar.d thn>w the money on the ground The
boy was too frightened to comply but
the others emptied $.V> and $10 respec
tively, lhe robber ordered them into the
stage again, and as they drove away he'
gathered up the coin and disappeared
Sheriff Macks and a posse are in pur
suit of the robber with bloodhounds with
good prospects of a capture.
INFERNAL MACHINE SENT
TO MAYOR VAN WYCK
Dynamite Cartridge and fuse Be
ceived Through the United
States Mail.
NEW YORK. June 6.-A package six
inches long, two inches wide and two
Inches deep, with a wrapping: of Manila
paper and tied with a string was received
in the General Postoffice yesterday, ad
dressed to Mayor Van Wyek. The" pack
age happened to break, and a dynamite
cartridge, four inches long was exposed V
fuse was attached to one end of the cart
ridge. H was admitted at the Pity Hall
to-day that such a package hail been re
reived, but no further Information was
given. The postmark of the package was
not divulged.
ADVERTISEMENTS.^ 
MUNYON'S PROOF.
Evidence no Convincing: that Etc« *
Skeptics Believe. '
Mr. H. Parkman. Ernporla, Kan., Bays 1 '
"Had 'blndder trouble for three years. :
Four doctors failed to help me. Munyoa
cured me, and also cured my wife of femala
trouble." . ,
Owen Snider, 815 19th street. Denver^
Col., says: "Was a martyr to rheumatism
for. ■-. twelve years. Co aid scarcely walk-
Two bottlps of M"hnyon's Rheumatism Cure-
cured me." '
Mr. John Johnson. 323 E. sth street, Los
Angles, CaL, says: "Munyon's Remedies '
cured- me of catarrh, rheumatism and ;
colds."
Mrs. A<\:\ Frlsblo, ISV4 FJdward street,
Helena, Mont., says: "I- want the whole
world to know that Munyon cured me of •
female trouble after I had suffered fifteen
years." .
Mr.-. Louis Everett, Owej?o, N. D., says:
"Munyon cured me. of stomach trouble,
my husband of rheumatism and my daugh-
tor-In-law of female trouble."
Guide to Health and medical advice abso-
lutely fore. Prof. Munyon, 1505 Arch St.,
Philadelphia.
TO INTENDING
BICYCLE BUYERS 1 -
f-^. Arrangements have
hi been made with 75
tfjk' /Ir American and Cana-
*l~-JfT\ c an makers of bicy-
pdes to furnish the
$£?/} I Christy Saddle as a
■X / / regular equipment or
»-■>"// as an option on their
-?* wheels for 1898, with-
out additional charge at retail, and the
object of this advertisement is to call.
your attention to that fact. Avoid cheap
imitations. Insist on having the Christy
and don't permit the. wheel you intend
purchasing to be "stripped" of the
Christy and a cheap leather saddle sub-
stituted. Once a Christy rider, always a
Christy advocate.
A. G. SPAipG § BROS.,
NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
PRESS CLUB,
123 Ellis Street.
RED CROSS BENEFIT.
EXHIBITION* AND SALE OF SKETCHES
BY LOCAL. ARTISTS AND ' ART
STUDENTS. ;J
SATURDAY, JUNE 11, '" "!]]
From " to 5 and 8 to 11 p. m.
I Beware of Imitations :
I : ' ' ■ " ■ ■-" :
I JOHN rHINC/N'B SONS, AOf«T», NEW YORK.
Are not eyeglass noses, -but if you
want to wear a nose-guvs* and have
it held on comfortably by improved
guards the best place to co to is ;
OPTiC!ANS^,. nT ARA Tus. ■
HhOW SCIENTIFIC
642 Market St. instruments
C O 00 00 OO OOOOOOOOO'
$™ PALACE "•'•"2
ICRAND^mMhMt
a SAN FRANCISCO, Q
w .-- rrr ,_ r lru I|V . .;,,..^ I V.. 1.^,,'«1».1 .^,,'«1». *f
© 1400 Rooms, 900 With Bath Attach**. °
O .^ l-'KBEH OXE MAN'AaSJi^C. O
0 NOTE THE PUlCiid:- ... O
I* European Plau.Sl. <):) per day an I npwirt q
w American Plan. Oi> per day xai upwari **
G UMrn-iKiHi-. - •.i.lttKt O
O JOH.t C. SIEKPATBICK, Manser. O
00000000000000000 a
J when ."unwell," for pains, obstructions,
1 and irregularities peculiar to. the sex.
' ~ Recommended by the leading French :
Specialists for diseases of women : ; Supe-
rior to Tansy, Penny and injurious :
drugs. One "bottle of Apioline Capsules :
lasts three months.- • Sold by all druggists, '
or by mail, $t. Box 2081, N. Y. Post Office. ;
DKMCNULIT
ryn rs v.'icr.r. Kxow.y and rtxiable or.*
L *Vt*-i:t>]:-tntrrs ITlTate.Nervotis.niooduiid Skin
Disonses of .Jon only. Manly Power restored. Over •
ears' rxp?rie»c«, Bend for Book, freer Patients "■
cured at ]lom<v Terms rensonablc. . Hours, 9 to*
llaily;6:3otoB.»eT > Sundays, Consulta.
Uon free and sacredly confidential : rani or addresa
P. ROS<:OE McSiriiTY, 31. !>.. i
«o>i Kcaruy Mtreet. San i'rancl»co, 4?«O,
84
MONDAY JUNE 6, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor-
Address All Com munications to VV. S. LEA^-.^- a"l?a "l?- c
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main IS6S.
(EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE CAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is |
served by carriers In trjts city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents. _________
THE WEEKLY CALL On« year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE __ 908 Broadway i
hEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building !
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE -Rl__« House ;
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building j
C. GEORGE KROGINESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay, i
open until 9:30 o'clock- 287 Hayes street, open until j
19:30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30 !
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- £291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh >
street. -open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky street*, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENT*,
Baldwin— Tsaye, Wednesday afternoon.
Columbia—" The New Domlton "
Alcazar— "The Master of Ceremonial."
Moroeco'B— "The Cotton Kin* "
Tlvoll— "An American Hero."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and " Departure of the Peking.
Olympla— Corner Mafon and Eddy streets. Specialties.
fcuiro Baths— Swimming,
El Campo— Music, dancing, boating', fishing, every Sunday,
Press Clnb— Sale of sketches for the benefit of the Red Cross
Society, Saturday, June 11. srom 2 to 6 and 8 to 11 P. M.
AUCTION SALES.
By Basch Auction Co.— Monday, June 6, Bar Fixtures, etc.
at S3 l Butter street, at 11 o'clock.
By lllp & Tuesday, June 7, Horses, at corner Market
street and Van Ness avenue, at 11 o'clock.
LIES. FfIKES AND GALL.
' HIJ VER since the outbreak of the war with Spain,
and for years before, the Examiner news service
— * has been noted for three characteristics scorned
by legitimate newspapers and despised of men, but
essential in the conduct of yellow journalism:
LIES. FAKES. GALL.
Yesterday in a yelling, bellowing, ocherous screed
it gave a shameless exhibition of all of them. It
claimed to have correspondents in the audience cham
bers of crowned heads and in the counsel rooms of
other dignitaries. Yet it is still fresh in the minds
of men that the so-called interviews with Bismarck
have been denied by his secretary, that the reported
conversations with the Pope, the Kaiser and the Queen
Regent of Spain have been refuted, that the alleged
talk with Roosevelt has been roundly denounced by
that gentleman as a lie, and that the asserted inter
view with Mrs. McKinley has been denied by the
private secretary of the President and the publication
of it rebuked as an outrage upon womanhood as well
as a deception upon the public
The yellow puff contained the mrther claim: "From
Manila an Examiner-Journal man sent the first
graphic story by an eye-witness of Dewey's great vic
tory." This is a cunningly worded lie, but neverthe
less a lie. The claim is not made that an Examiner-
Journal man witnessed the battle, but only that he
sent the first story told by one who was a wit
ness. Even that is false. The Call correspondent,
Mr. Stickney, was on Dewey's flagship and watched
the battle from that standpoint. His story was the
first given to the public. The Examiner-Journal
faked a story from a short dispatch given them by the
Chicago Record, and in publishing the mass of trash
and falseness impudently claimed the Record cor
respondent as their own. For this the two Hearst
lings were denounced by the Record and their lying
exposed. To this day neither the Journal nor the Ex
aminer has ever given to its readers a true account or
even a fair account of the victory at Manila.
Such, tersely and hastily enumerated, are some of
the facts concerning the war news service of the Ex
aminer. They show how it has applied to the collec
tion of war news unlimited quantities of
LIES. FAKES. GALL.
A STREET-PAVING EXPERIMENT.
PHILADELPHIA has some cobblestone pave
ment* lingering among her generally well im
proved streets, and her people have long had
■» desire to get rid of them. Accordingly a great deal
of interest has been shown there in a recent proposi
tion from certain responsible contractors to pave the
cobblestones with asphalt and keep them in repair
for ten years at a cost of $i per square yard.
The contractors, according to the Philadelphia
Times, propose using the existing cobblestone pave
ments as a foundation without further preparation ex
cept to ram thoroughly the cobbles before applying
the binder coat and asphalt surface. The Times adds:
"It is claimed that by this method the cost of paving
can be reduced to $i per square yard, the cost at
present being about $i 60. Those who advocate the
new method claim that it has been tried in this and
other cities and that it furnishes as substantial a pave
ment as when spread upon a basis of pounded stone
or concrete, and that contractors will be willing to
lay the pavement at $1 per yard and guarantee its
wearing qualities for a period of ten years."
Other Philadelphia papers are equally favorable to
the proposed plan. The Record, .for example, says:
"The city authorities ought to jump at the offer made
by responsible contractors to resurface the
cobble streets with asphalt and guarantee to keep
them in repair for ten years at an original cost of $1
per square yeard. Ten years of saving in repairs,
costly sweeping, wear and tear of vehicles and nerves
and difficult cartage would be worth to the city and
dwellers in the city more than $1 per square yard."
San Francisco has a number of cobblestone streets
which are about as bad as any in Philadelphia. They
entail a heavy cost on all street traffic, wear out
vehicles, depreciate property values and irritate the
nerves of all who have to pass along them. More
over, thesr pavements are on the principal streets of
the city, and therefore doubly objectionable. We
have, then, an interest in the proposed Philadelphia
experiment. If there is any way in which a cobble
stone pavement can be transformed into a good
asphalt pavement at a cost not exceeding $t a square
yard with a guarantee of ten years' service we shall
be glad to know of it.
As a camping place the Presidio did not get a fair
trial. There are hundreds of acres there which would
be ideal for the purpose. All they need is water, and
if the Government is unable to secure this it is worse
off than there has been any reason for supposing.
Some gentleman writes in the Arena about "The
Decadence of Patriotism," but possibly it is senile de
cay which is troubling him.
A CHfINCE FOR MEN.
♦ * PEAKING of women denying themselves
>^ the latest creations of the Paris milliner and
h — modiste," says the New York Commercial
Advertiser, "why should not the masculine .fraternity
show an equal patriotism by boycotting French
wines and using American wines?"
The pertinence of this question addressed to the
wine users of the East is increased by the arrangement
of a reciprocity treaty with France which admits the
import of French wines at such law rates of duty as
to render them formidable competitors to American
wine producers. The point made by our New York
contemporary is therefore one which should be re
iterated and emphasized.
The proposal of a large number of influential
women to turn aside from Parisian goods during the
war and bestow their patronage on American goods
ought not to be called a boycott. The spirit that
prompted the ladies in making this resolve was one
of genuine patriotism. As such it has been every
where recognized and widely commended. The move
ment thus inspired is above the dignity of a boycott
and ranks with those enterprises which tend to the
upbuilding of home prosperity by supporting home
industries.
Since the action of the women of the land has been
so widely approved by men, it is certainly fair to ask
the men to follow the example they have approved.
California wine is better and purer than nine-tenths
of the French wine brought into the country. It is,
therefore, more beneficial to the health and more en
joyable to the palate of those who know good wine
when it is set before them. Its enlarged use would
be for the advantage of the consumer as well as that
of the producer, and a distinct gain would result for
all parties.
Protection accorded to home industry by law
should be accompanied by a popular patronage of
home industry in order that the law may have the
fullest and best effect. The Commercial Advertiser
is on the right track in advising Eastern men to
patronize American wines. It should be borne in
mind, however, that the prime object of the move
ment is not to injure France, but to benefit the United
States. It is not a measure of hostility to end with the
ending of the war, but an industrial measure to con
tinue for all time. To patronize home industry is one
of the patriotic duties of a people, and it will be a
good day for the United States when it becomes a
matter of universal practice.
THE OREGON ELECTION.
BY reason of the fact that it is to be the first trial
of strength between the political parties of the
country in the selection of Congressmen this
year, the election in Oregon to-day will be watched
and the results studied with close attention. It is the
preliminary contest in a struggle which is to be waged
in every other Congressional district in the Union this
fall, and public interest in it is, therefore, keen and
widespread.
There are three tickets in the field, for the Bryanite
leaders have not been able to whip all the Populists
into line, and a Middle-of-the-Road Populist party
will contest with Republicans and Democrats for su
premacy. There is to be elected a full State ticket,
two members of Congress, county officers and mem
bers of the Legislature, and the legislators in turn
are to choose a United States Senator. The offices
at stake are therefore sufficient to bring out a fairly
full vote of the people, and it is not likely that either
side will lose by reason of the indifference of its
members.
As was to have been expected, the financial ques
tion — a survival of 1896 — has been the dominant issue
of the campaign. It is true that the free silver move
ment is virtually dead, but the new questions which
are now being rapidly shaped by the war and by the
grewing demand for currency reform have not yet
been formulated with sufficient clearness to be pre
sented to the people as party issues. These questions
will undoubtedly come to the front in the elections
this fall, for they are now being discussed in Con
gress, but in Oregon the contest was of necessity
confined to the issues of the past. By the vote of to
day, therefore, we will not have a sure basis for cal
culating the probable vote of the country in Novem
ber, but we will have an evidence of how far the Re
publican party holds the tidal wave strength of the
Presidential election.
In 1896, when the fusion of all the silver forces was
complete, the Republicans carried Oregon by over
2000 majority. This year the bolt of the Middle-of-the
Road Populists will detract from the strength of the
Bryanites and will go far to counterbalance any fall
ing off in the Republican ranks from the enthusiasm
of the great campaign for sound money and protection
which elected McKinley. Unfortunately, however,
there is a split in the Republican party in Portland
and this may have a bad effect not only on the local
ticket, but on the State and the Congressional ticket.
The conflict is therefore a close one and neither side
has any apparent advantage over the other.
The seeming equality of conditions under which
both sides are making the fight will add to the sig
nificance of the result. The Republicans have taken
a bold and unequivocal stand for the maintenance of
the gold standard. Their opponents have just as
boldly and clearly made an effort to revive Bryanism
and free silver. On that issue there ought to be no
doubt of the result. Oregon can surely be counted on
to vote right on an issue which is to determine
whether she is to get good money or depreciated
money for her products, and in which kind the Gov
ernment is to pay her patriotic volunteers.
A LESSON FROM THE SOUTH-
ONE of the most notable features of the cam
paign of education carried on by the Southern
States for the purpose of attracting men and
capital is the elaborate way in which they advertise
the extension and expansion of their manufacturing
industries. Every week a statement is sent out giving
details of the number of new mills or improvements
in old ones in the South. The showing for any one
week is not great, but the repetition of these state
ments has all the effect of incessant advertising, and
the whole country is compelled to give attention to
Southern development.
An illustration of the method pursued is to be found
in the statement now going the rounds of the East
ern press, which runs thus: "Touching new enter
prises inaugurated in the South during the last week
the following may be mentioned among the more im
portant items: A flouring mill in Alabama; a cotton
mill in Georgia; a stave mill in Kentucky; a rice
mill in Louisiana; a sawmill in Mississippi; in
North Carolina a flouring mill, a tobacco factory
and a mica mine; in South Carolina a cotton mill,
a $100,000 construction company and a roller flouring
mill; a chair and carriage factory in Middle Ten
nessee: machine shops, two lumber companies, an
electric light plant, a mineral oil company, a tobacco
factory and a 125-ton cottonseed oil mill at Texas
points; a tobacco factory and a $200,000 quarrying:
THE SAX FKAIN T CISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1898.
company in Virginia, and a sawmill in West Vir
ginia."
A sawmill here, a flouring mill there, a mica mine
in one place and a tobacco factory in another, are
little things in themselves, but in the aggregate they
make a telling paragraph which is sure to be widely
copied, and the whole South gets the benefit of the
free advertising. Men are interested in such an item
because it is a statement of facts. It is not descriptive
writing of glow and glamour, but news. Papers copy
it and people read it because it is of current interest.
Each statement of the kind counts, and when they
follow one another week after week and month after
month the public mind becomes impressed with the
idea that the South is flourishing and that it is a safe
land to go to for investment of capital or for the
making of a home.
The great States of the West might profitably fol
low the South in this method of advertising. There
is an association in the Southern States with cor
respondents in every locality which gathers the infor
mation and makes it public. A similar organization
should be established on the Pacific Coast to collect
with equal diligence information of every new indus
trial enterprise on the coast. If this were done the
record would far outstrip that of the South. Our
mines and mills and factories are greater and richer
than those of the South, and our weekly or monthly
statements would have a wider reading and make a
deeper impression.
A movement of this kind could be appropriately
undertaken in connection with the proposed Pacific
Coast exposition to be held in commemoration of the
semi-centennial of the discovery of gold. The enter
prise should be the work of the whole coast and not
of a single State. The South has shown us how to
get free advertising of a high value, and we ought to
be wise enough to profit by the example.
THE STATE OF TRfIDE.
IT is a curious fact that in May, the first month of
the war, commercial failures were smaller than for
May, 1897, when the country was at peace. It is
another curious fact that the longer the war goes
on the less is heard about it in commercial circles.
One might easily fancy, from the general indifference
regarding it, that war was the natural condition of the
country. Except in Wall street, there is positively no
visible effect on general trade. At the outset a few
lines were disturbed, but they quickly became adapted
to their new conditions and business is now peaceful
and humdrum as usual.
The pivot on which everything is now swinging is
contained in the single word, Crops. One hears
nothing else, either here or in the East. From all of
the great grain producing sections of the land except
California come reports of brilliant crop outlooks,
and if they are realized the yield for 1898 will be un
precedented. This prospect, with the termination of
the May deal in wheat at Chicago, has caused a sharp
decline in wheat, though at the close more firmness
is apparent, and a reaction is not improbable. Other
grains have sympathized more or less, and several
have gone down, too, but corn is higher under a heavy
demand for export.
Possibly the brilliant showing of the wheat crop has
stimulated business, but at any rate reports from all
over the country indicate a fine wholesale and retail
trade, and the present influx of fall orders leads to the
opinion that the fall trade will be the best seen for
years. All lines of merchandise are participating in
this demand, which shows that the inquiry for goods
is legitimate and popular, and therefore an indication
of an increased purchasing capacity on the part of the
public. This is borne out by the continued gain in
bank clearings, those for the whole country last week
being 30.3 per cent more than for the same week in
1897. The failures are also smaller, being 222 for the
week, against 241 for the corresponding week last
year. The continued decrease in these failures is one
of the most gratifying signs of the times.
The great staples, which financiers watch with vigi
lance, are exhibiting increased activity, and the ten
dency in prices is upward rather than downward.
Cotton and wool, which have been the dullest of all
lines for some months, are the most conspicuous ex
amples of this gain, and both are firm, though busi
nesi in the latter is still light. Wheat leads the export
list, the foreign shipments for the week aggregating
5,248,086 bushels, against 4,309,000 bushels last week,
2,020,000 bushels in this week a year ago, 3,209.000
bushels in 1896, 2,991,000 bushels in 1895 and 2,742,000
bushels in 1894. The demand for iron continues
phenomenal, the monthly consumption of pigiron
amounting to 1,000,000 tons. The demand is largely
for agricultural implements, showing a prosperous
condition of the farming community, though struc
tural work, for building operations, comes in for a
good share.
There are indications that the public is drifting back
into Wall street, being attracted by the recent im
provement in prices, though the professional ma
nipulators still hold the major part of the market. A
pronounced victory at Santiago de Cuba would prob
ably add a further stimulus to this great trading mart
and draw back still more of the public. As it is there
has been a marked improvement in Government and
railroad bonds, with increased buying by London.
Locally there is little new to report. Throughout
the whole Pacific Coast there were only ten failures
last week, against seventeen for the same week last
year, last week's record being almost unprecedented.
The grain markets continue quiet, and beyond the
decline in wheat show no particular change. Mer
chandise is going off well and quotations exhibit few
fluctuations. The hay, grain and fruit crops are now
coming forward, and the prices received are rather
above those of last year as a rule, while the quantity
and quality of all three are superior to the indications
of a month ago, thanks to the late rains. Still the
output of the State is far below the normal this year,
and there will be little if any wheat for export.
Texas is a great State, but the plan she follows
of burning at the stake a certain class of offenders will
never meet with the approval of the thoroughly civil
ized. Dispatches relate that at the latest episode of
this kind "prominent lawyers" made speeches to the
crowd. A step in the direction of reform would be
to send a few "prominent lawyers" to jail for the
term of their unnatural lives.
The best medals for the brave men who steamed
into Santiago on the Merrimac would bear the in
scription, "In God We Trust" and be good for $20
worth of goods anywhere in the world.
So the man who headed the expedition into the
mouth of Santiago harbor is known as a non-com
batant. It would be interesting to know what ele
ments go to make up a fighter.
One objection to sending East for equipment which
could be bought here more cheaply is that when a
soldier of Uncle Sam is naked he really deserves a
coat without delay.
Perhaps the once good ship Centennial got its
name because a hundred years have elapsed since it
was safe to go to sea in.
THE SOLDIER'S HEART.
Where is the heart of a soldier.
Ilia thought, his hope and his dream.
When the rifles ring and the bullets sing
And the flashing sabers gleam?
Oh, not on the field of battle,
But .far and far away,
His heart is living the old. old hopes,
While his sword is red In the frayt
Where Is the heart of a soldier.
And what do the bugles wake,
And what does the roar of the cannon mean
When the hills beneath them shake?
Oh. not for him the glory.
And the dash and crash of war.
But his heart is away on a mission gay
Where they hear no cannon roar!
And there Is the heart of a soldier—
A little home on the hill,
A white-faced woman, a little child.
That stand by the window sill; I
A little song and a little prayer,
And a wonder in the face,
And a "God save papa and bring him back
In the goodness of thy grace!"'
And there 1b the heart of a soldier-
Not on the field of fight,
But steepedMn the dream of a saddened home
Where a window keeps its light,
That a soldier's feet may keep the path
And his way may homeward lead.
When under the flag of the freedom-land
He has wrought the hero's deed.
Yea. there Is the heart of a soldier.
Where wife and baby are.
Though his eyes and his will may follow
The light of the battle star;
Though his hand may swing to the saber,
And his bayonet charge the foe,
The soldier's heart is away, away.
In the home where they miss him so!
—Baltimore New».
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
A new netting against the attack of tor
pedo boats has been tried in the British
navy with satisfactory results. The
meshes are smaller and the rings thicker
than in the Bullivant and other styles
now rejected, and will be able to resist the
shears of torpedo net cutters. As a pre
liminary the channel fleet will be supplied
with this new netting.
The Marshal Deodoro and Marshal
Floriano, coast defense ships of 3162 tons,
building In France for the Brazilian navy,
are fitted with the inclined turrets de-
signed by Chief Constructor Hichborn, U.
S. N. Considerable weight is saved by
having the armored turret top Incline at
an angle whereby a thickness of S inches
will offer the resistance of lOVi inches
placed vertically.
The difficulty of making the limited
number of engineers suffice for the great
number of ships in the British navy is be
ing overcome by the admiralty in the in
troduction of warrant rank to machinists.
The plan has only been in operation since
last January, hut gives promise of success,
and the machinists are filling the places
hitherto held by commissioned officers.
This leaves a surplus of assistant engin
eers available for duty in ships. A sim
ilar programme is proposed in the bill for
the reorganization of the navy now be
fore Congress and is likely to become a
law.
Attention was recently called in the
House of Commons to the fact that twen
ty-eight war vessels were in course of
construction at private shipyards in Great
Britain for foreign countries, and Arnold
Foster desired to introduce a bill making
it obligatory upon the builders to relin-
I quish the ships to the British Government
i in the event of a demand to that effort.
The Armstrong Company at Elswick,
which is the principal builder of foreign
war vessels, had, however, given it as
their opinion that as soon as a first pay
\ ment had been made by the government
for which a ship was being built, the ves
sel became the property of that particular
country and the builder had no right to
turn the ship over to any other except
with the consent of the contracting gov
ernment.
European naval powers are paying
much attention to armored cruisers and
each country differs as to types and sizes.
Since the New York and Brooklyn were
built in the United States this class of
vessels has been recognized as being of
great value and France in the Entrecast
eaux made almost an exact copy of the
New York, excepting the speed, which in
the French ship is less than in the Ameri
can. Russia has built the Rurik and Ros
sia of 10,923 and 12,130 tons and is building
another of 12,336 tons. Great Britain is
building four of 12,000 tons, and in France
one of 12,728 tons, with 18,200 horse power,
is shortly to be begun. The ship is to be
named the Suffren and will be 41S feet in
length and a beam of 71 feet 2 inches.
Austria, on the other hand, does not run
into mammoth dimensions, but contents
itself with a vessel of 6100 tons and 8600
horse power, to have a speed of 20 knots.
Armor-piercing projectiles in the British
navy are put to very severe tests before
being accepted from the contractor. In
the first place they must be of forged and
hardened steel, annealed at least 1200 de
grees Fahrenheit after forging. Before
the ballistic test the projectile is tested
for initial strain by being cooled to 40 de
grees and plunged into water at 180 to
212 degrees and again cooled off to 40 de
grees. The next trial Is by subjecting the
interior of the shell to a hydraulic pres
sure of 500 pounds to the square inch. The
final test is their ability to penetrate ar
mor, and two projectiles are taken at ran
dom from the lot to be accepted and fired
with a velocity of 1500 feet per second
against a steel plate in thickness one and
one-eighth the caliber of the shot. If two
out of three projectiles pass through
plate and wood backing without material
cracks or deformation the lot is accepted.
Other alternative tests are to penetrate a
nickel-steel oil-tempered and annealed ar
mor plate 4M> inches thick for 8-Inch; 534
inches for 10-lnch and 7 inches for a 12
lnch shell. With a striking velocity of 900
foot seconds two out of three shells must
pass through without breaking up or De
ing materially deformed.
THE MOSQUITO FLEET.
"It's too bad." said the man with heavy
boots and chin whiskers. "There's a big
ship called the Indiana, and one called
the Massachusetts, an' so on. But Where's
the New Jersey?"
"Never mind," replied his companion.
"We ain't slighted. I understand they's
a hull bunch o' boats known as 'the Mos
quito Fleet.' "—Washington Star.
Mrs. Dreams— John, have you thought
how you would leave me if you should
die? Don't you think you ought to take
out some life insurance?
John A. Dreams— Life Insurance? Great
Scott! Haven't I got forty stories ac
cepted by "pay on publication" periodi
cals ?— Brooklyn Life.
He— lt was an unselfish marriage on her
part. I believe she gave up everything
when she. married that man.
She (who Is taking her first yacht trip)
—How awful. Was it at sea?— Harlem
Life,
Friend— Do you raise vegetables?
Suburbanite (sadly)— No, I only plant
them; and as you will observe my neigh
bors" chickens raise them.— Judge,
Wallace— l haven't noticed you discuss
ing the war a bit. Don't you take any
Interest In such things?
Ferry— Oh, yes; but I've got such a
weak voice that I stand no show In an
argument.— Cincinnati Enquirer.
She— An editor has to have great com
mand of language, does he not?
He— Oh, yes. He frequently orders four
or five thousand words.— lndianapolis
Journal. •
THE NEWSPAPER REPORTERS.
A very common error is prevalent that
the work of reporters, given in newspa
pers, as a rule ia not entitled to respect
or credence. It Is generally assumed that
the reporter writes chiefly or wholly to
make a sensation or in some way interest
readers without regard to facts, while
Just the reverse is the truth in all reputa
ble newspaper establishments.
It is safe to assume that the statements
of reporters given in the leading reputa
ble journals of the country are quite as
truthful ft* bxm th* o-onaraJ s La-laments
from the pulpit whet the minister gets
outside of strictly jeligious teachings,
and very much more truthful than are
the public expressions .of most if not all
of the leading profession. With very few
exceptions the rnanagereent of our lead
ing daily newspapers enforce truthfulness
and fairness as the supreme attribute for
a newspaper writer, and yet it is com
mon for all who are displeased with any
reportorial statement to say that "it's
a mere newspaper story."
It is true that there are a few conspicu
ous exceptions to the rule that governs
the reputable newspapers of the country.
Not only are the managers of our lead
ing newspapers entitled to great credit
for the scrupulous care they enforce on
their reporters and correspondents to pre
sent the truth with as exact fairness as
is possible, but the public little know the
ceaseless care that is exercised in every
reputable newspaper office to prevent the
publication or even the truth when it
would be more harmful to publish than
to suppress it. There is not a w«ek, in
deed hardly a day, that tne newspapers
of this city do not suppress the facts
proper for public information which
would make a most interesting story
solely because it would bring a hood of
sorrow to the innocent and helpless and
cast an imperishable shadow upon their
lives. With all the errors necessarily
committed in a newspaper office by rea
son of the haste with which the articles
must often be prepared, the public luue
know with what thorough integrity the
newspapers, as a rule, protect the inno
cent even at the cost of suppressing legit
imate and interesting information. The
skeletons of hundreds of households are
carefully guarded in the newspaper of
fices of the country, and generally with
out even the knowledge of the people who
are thus protected.— Philadelphia Times.
POINTED PARAGRAPHS.
The scorcher usually possesses a rotary
mind.
It's the e^arly picnicker that catches the
pneumonia."
To the beginner the wheel Is the power
behind the thrown.
A man is known by his lawyer and the
woman is known by her doctor.
About two-thirds of the bread cast upon
the waters isn't returnable.
The man who can't meet his obligations
is always meeting his creditors.
The conversational prize fighter meets
his match in the matrimonial ring.
One of the unsatisfactory things of this
world is kissing a pretty girl through a
veil.
The man doesn't live who feels at ease
in a room in which two women are whis
pering.
An old maid's ideal photograph is one in
which a father, mother and baby are
grouped.
The man who sits around waiting for
dead men's shoes never cuts much of a
figure in history.
The average woman doesn't believe In
the equality of the sexes: she thinks she
Is a little more than equal.
The newly married couple who think
they can exist on love in a cottage will
wake up some morning and find the rats
leaving the place in disgust.
BYRON'S VISION OF SPAIN.
Here all were noble save nobility;
None hugged a conqueror's chain save
fallen chivalry.
Such be the sons of Spain and strange the
fate—
They fight for freedom who were never
free
A kingless people for a nerveless state.
Her vassals combat when their chief
tains flee.
True to the veriest slave of treachery.
Fond of a land which gave them naught
but life.
Pride points the path that leads to liberty,
Back to the struggle, baffled In the
strife.
War. war is still the cry— war even to
the knife!
Ye who would more of Spain and Span
lards know.
Go read whate'er Is writ of bloodiest
strife.
Whate'er keen vengeance urged on for
eign foe
Can act is acting there against man s
life.
From flashing scimiter to secret knife,
War moldeth there each weapon to his
need.
So may such fo«s deserve the most re
morseless deed!
Flows there a tear of pity for the dead?
Look o'er the ravage of the reeking
plain;
Look on the hands with female slaughter
red,
Then to the dogs resign the unburied
slain;
Then to the dogs let each corse re-
main.  „
Albeit unworthy of the prey bird s maw,
Let their bleach'd bones and blood's
unbleaching stain
Long mark the battle-field with hideous
awe.
Thus only may our sons conceive the
scene we saw.
—From Childe Harold.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDOR.S
J. W. Crawford of Merced is at the
Lick.
\V. S. Breckenridge of Portland, Or.,
is at the Rusa.
Mrs. George Bowie of New York is at
the Occidental.
George Myers of Fresno is registered
at the Baldwin.
M. Silverthan of New York is staying
at the Baldwin.
W. Waterhouse of Pasadena is a guest
at the Occidental.
Mrs. G. Hubbard of Washington Is stay
ing at the Palace.
F. J. Kernan, of the United States army,
is at the Palace.
Charles Olmstead of New York Is regis
tered at the Lick.
Sheriff Timothy Brown of Eureka is a
guest at the Russ.
Thomas W. Clark of the United States
navy, is at the Palace.
Emory "Winship, of the United States
navy, is at the Occidental.
D. M. Morris of Sacramento is among
the late arrivals at the Palace.
H. C. Walsh of New York is numbered
among the recent arrivals at the Lick.
E. H. Campbell of the United States
navy is among the guests at the Cali
fornia.
C. L. Longwell came on a visit to the
city from Riverside and is staying at the
Occidental.
P. B. Frazer and D. S. Rosenbaum,
prominent Stockton merchants, are regis
tered at the Palace.
E. Wheeler, in company with his wife,
is on a visit from Cincinnati and is
staying at the Lick.
Senator A. McKenna and wife, who are
on a visit to the city from Santa Paula,
are guests at the Russ.
W. H. Hurlbut of Portland, general pas
senger agent of the Oregon Railway and
Navigation Company, is at the California
Hotel.
Mrs. A. D. Shepard of Los Angeles,
with her two dauKhters, arrived in the
city yesterday morning and is stopping
at the California.
W. Waterhouse, a Hawaiian planter
whose home is at Honolulu, is registered
at the Palace, accompanied by his wife.
They have been visiting in Pasadena.
Mrs. George Pendleton, Miss Hunt,
David Wllcox and Victor Morowitz com
pose a party of New Yorkers who are
touring the Pacific Coast. They are at
the Palace.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
BACK DATE— S. X., City. Admission
Day, 1876, fell on a Saturday.
LEE— E. 8.. City. Fitzhugh Lee is a
nephew of General Robert E. Lee.
THE LTVERPOOL-J. L.. City. The
gross tonnage of the British ship Liver
pool is 3400; under deck 3224, and net 3214.
THE PIONEER BANK-A. S., City.
The doors of the Pioneer Bank, of which
J. C. Duncan was president, closed Octo
ber 8, 1877.
CITY OF EVERETT— G. R. X.. Oak
land, Cal. The whalebaek steamer City
of Everett was at Newport News on the
18th of May, 1898.
OAHLAND-S.. City. Oakland la on the
east side of San Francisco Bay and on a
northeasterly line from San Francisco;
that is from the central portion thereof.
ORPHAN ASYLUM— Me. The asylum
at Watsonville is in the list of those in
stitutions that receive State aid for
orphans under the. provisions of the -con
stitution. __
MARRIAGE-H. T. 8.. San Jose, Cal.
A. person divorced in California can oo
married in the State of Nevada, but not
before having been a resident of that
State six months.
RANK OF OFFICERS-R. A. S., City.
The rank of officers in the army of the
United States was given in an answer
headed " The Army" in Answers to Cor
respondents May 26, IS3B.
TRACE OF GOLD— E. L. 8., Belmont,
Cal. When ore on assaying produces but
80 cents to the ton or less that is called
a trace. Any product above that is given
in the certificate of assay.
TO MANILA-S., City. The distance
from San Francisco to Manila is 6930
miles. From San Francisco to Honolulu
is 2000 miles and from that point to Ma
nila the distance is 4S-10 inileiT.
GERMAN PROFESSORS— A. X., City.
There are four teachers of German in the
Stanford University. One is an American,
another American by birth of German
parentage and two are German born and
educated.
MANILA— X. X. X. X.. City. The dis
tance from San Francisco to Manila by
various routes was given in Answers to
Correspondents on Saturday, May 28. The
time occupied by steamer In making the
voyage is from twenty-one 10 twenty-nvo
days.
NAVAL MILITIA— IT. A. A.. Berkeley,
Cal. There is no such organization as the
Naval Reserve, but th.-re is the N
Militia, which is a part of the National
Guard of the State. In California oiw
desiring to enlist in the militia must be
not less than IS nor more than 45 years.
THE REGULAR ARMY— A. B. and
others. West Oakland. Cal. The President
of the United States, when there is a dec
laration of war. uses all the naval and
military force, but as that is so small,
comparatively speaking, he is forced to
call for volunteers to uphold the honor of
the country and fla.^.
AMMUNITION— A. S., Tulare. Cal. A
round of ammunition as applied to men
is one cartridge to each man. A round
of ammunition for a battery is the quan
tity of ammunition required for each gun
of that battery. If there should be
enough to load the guns three times, that
would represent three- rounds of ammu
nition.
ELLSWORTH'S REGIMENT— A. C. S.,
City. At the proclamation of President
Lincoln, calling for volunteers, issued on
the lath of April,- IS6I. Elmer E. Ells
worth hastened to New York, where he
organized a Zouave regiment of 1200 men
from the Fire Department, and at the
expiration of three weeks marched at its
head through Pennsylvania to Washing
ton, D. C.
APPRENTICE IN THE NAVY— E. E.
0., Oakland. Cal. In California, a minor
who would like to go as an apprentice on
board of a man-of-war of the United
States is not permitted to choose the ship
he would like to go on. . He must file, his
application through his parents or guar
dian, and if accepted he will be sent on
board of the receiving ship Independence
at Mare Island.
LEPANTO-F. W., City. The battle of
Lepanto was a naval fight. It took place
in the gulf of that name, between the
coast of Morea and the mainland of
Greece, in 1571. Spain, -Italy and Venice
had 200 vessels, which met and defeated
the Turks, who had 250 vessels, 130 of
which were taken and 80 burned. The
Christian fleet had 79,000 men, lost 7600;
and the Turks, who had 120,000 men, had
2500 killed and 5000 wounded.
TO STUDY LAW— G. R. C, Bonanza,
Or. A "bright boy with a common feehool
education, having good recommendations
and ambitious," wishing to study- law,
should make application to some first
class lawyer to read law in his office.
In that way he can become acquainted
with the principles of law and receive
advice from the attorney in whose office
he is, in return for duties as clerk ■ he
would be called upon to perform. After
a year or two the "bright boy" .would
then be in a position to take a course in
a law college.
Finest eyeglasses, 15c, at 65 Fourth at. •
Cai. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Pictures of the "Battle-ship Maine"
and portraits of Admiral Dewey, all sizes
and prices. Wholesale and retail. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Mrs. Kersmythe — Oh, Bridget! I told
you to notice when the apples boiled over.
Bridget— Sure I did, mum; it was quar
ter past eleven.— Bangor News.
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
A personally conducted excursion will leave
this city July 12 for the Yellowstone Park, via
the "Shasta Route" and Northern Pacific Rail
way. Tourists will be accommodated in flrat
class Pullman cars; tickets will be sold. In
cluding berths, meals and trip through tha
Park. Send for circular giving rate and Itiner
ary to T. K. STATELER, General Agent
Northern Pacific Railway. 638 Market St., S. F.
"Mrs. Win&low's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. . 25c a bottle.
CORONADO— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely Tree from th«
mis(% common further north. Round trip tick
ets, by steamship, including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado, $("»:>: longer stay,
12 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery St.,
8. F., or E. S. BABCOCK, Manager Hotel del
Coronado, Coronado. Cal.
Northern Pacific Bailway.
Cut rates to all points East. Call on T. K.
Stateler, General Agent. 63S Market St., S. F.
DRINK A STEEPING OF MOKI TEA BE
fore retiring at night, and see how soundly
you will sleep and how joyously .you will
awake !n the morninp. It supplies food for the
blood while you sleep, produces a clear, and
beautiful complexion, and cures constipation
and sick headache. . At No Percentage- Phar
macy.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' HIS S»TMTC~TXSIC. __,
%fepS£" IBS?
HIS SATANIC TASK
is studying Spanish just now. H«
needs it in his business. We have
studied v everything that we could need
in our business -long ago, and are past
masters of the art of making a cuff,
j collar or shirt look like new till it is
worn out. : The color of linen laundered
here is white as a snowflake, and our
domestic finish is unapproachable.
United States Laundry, office 1004
J Market street. Telephone, South 420.SNATCHED
THE POISON
FROM HER
Woman Determined
to Kill Herself.
SAVED BY HER HUSBAND
MRS. JOSEPH MOGAN ENDEAV
ORS TO COMMIT SUICIDE.
Jealous of His Attentions to Another
Female She Resolved to
Shuffle Off the Mortal
Coil.
Suspecting that her husband had trans
ferred his affections to another woman,
Mrs. Joseph Mog&n late Saturday night
attempted to commit suicide by swallow-
In*: the contents of a two-ounce vial of
carbolic acid. Her husband happened to
enter her room as she was in the act of
taking the deadly dose, and he matched
the vial from her hand.
The Slogans live at 423 Eddy street.
The husband of the woman is a half
owner In a saloon in the Alcazar building
g ;i o'clock Saturday night
" n went home and found his wife In
tulant mood. When he spoke to her
walked Into another room and pick
ing up the vial of carbolic, acid placed the
bottle to her lips. Mogan, realizing that
intended to do away with herself,
grabbed the vial, but too late to prevent
the poison from burning his wife's lips.
luring the struggle for the possession
< i tha vial Mogan was severely burned
about the face by the acid.
After wresting the vial from his wife's
Lands Mogan went to a grocery-store at
.Hyde and Eddy streets and bought a
bottle of sweet oil. which he applied to his
A police officer who learned of Mrs.
Mogan'a attempt to commit suicide sent
In a call for the Receiving Hospital am
••. but when Assistant Police Sur-
Frank Fitzglbbon arrived on the
he woman refused to see him.
:n the landlord ■ f the house it was
• id his wife have had
squabbles, which
terminated tn the saloon-keeper
, From his better half. It is
Mog . after leaving his
beeami enamored of a young woman
b known as Miss Brown. His atten-
I i her, it is said, so worried Mr.«.
D that she determined to do away
with herself.
BOY DROWNED IN THE
BAY NEAR EL CAMPO
EDWARD BOYLE WAS TAKEN
WITH CRAMPS.
He Was Trying to Swim Behind a
Boat in Which Were His
Brother and Two Lit
tle Friends.
1 Edward Boyle, the 15-year-old son of
J. J. Boyle, a clerk in the license office,
was drowned near El Catnpo yesterday
afternoon while trying to .swim in the
bay. The accident happened about 2
o'clock, Just before ebb tide, and as it
is at a place where the water is at least
fifty feet deep it is doubtful whether tho
body will be recovered.
The boy left h >me with his you
brotl . Herbert early in the mornii
outinc :tt El Campo. Shortly
lunch the two B<>y!e boys, with Tom
t and Ch i rson, of the same
;.- Kdward, hired a boat for a row
i.. the bay. They rowed some little dis
tance above El Campo, and Kdward, who
: not BWlm, but was trying to learn,
t""k off his clothes and let himself into
uater, holding on to the stern of the
At the request of his playmates he
i himself back into the boat after
rig in the water a while, but subse
tly Jumped out of the boat again
• the aesire of his companions. In
manner he lost his hold on the
. and the boys were apprised of the
iact by his screams fur help. They tried
seeing they would be
unat.. . they threw him the oars.
•"■e drowning boy managed to grasp one
but it went down with him. The
of tlie boys attracted people to the
... but they were unable to rescue the ]
lad.
a neighbor of Mr. Boyle took the sur
viving brother to the home of his uncle,
T. 1\ Boyle, who notitied the parents at
their home, 2011 Vallejo street. Herbert,
who was compelled to watch his brother
drown, while powerless to aid him, thinks
that Edward must have been taken with
cramps, which made him lose his hold on
the boat. The accident happened Just op
• the old powder-houae above tho
picnic grounds.
This Country Has a Mission.
Dr. C. E. Locke of the Central Meth
odist Church on Mission street, who
Just returned from an Eastern trip, oc
cupied his pulpit last night, and as"~a
consequence every seat was tilled. His
r lecture was on the war and what God ex
pects from the people of the United
States. He commenced by reciting some
of the wonderful things the Almighty
brings about In his own way. "We were
now at war with a nation that by its
money and arms conquered this portion
of the country at a time when there wore
no Anglo-Saxons, on its surface. At that
time, 1620, two ships arrived on the Amer
ican continent; one landed Its passengers
at Plymouth and the other at the mouth
of the James River. But the object
o* each was very different; "one came in
search of liberty and eelf-government,
while the other came to plant slavery and
rule with a tyrannical form of govern
ment.
God in his wisdom reserved this conti
nent for a race which was destined by
his holy will to spread liberty and free
dom throughout the entire world. Now
the time hail arrived to carry out* tbtso
great and grand ideas to the pagans of
the Orient^ Over in the /Philippine
Inlands there is not to-day one single
Protestant church, for the policy of the
Spanish Government Is to shut out tbr»
light -of liberty and freedom, but God had
In his wisdom sent a Dewey, who will
open up the country for liberty and light. J
. (Applause.) It Is the bounden duty of j
the United States to retain not only the !
Philippine Islands, but every other island j
which may be taken by the arms of our i
brave boys, each and every one of whom
carries' the banner of liberty and free
dom with him.
. "This, like all American wars," he con
tinued, "is not one of conquest or terri
torial aggrandizement, but one of hu
manity. The Alinlgniy, who knows what
is best for his people, always raises men
for the occasion." The lives of Glad- j
stone and Lincoln wer« rited in proof of '
this, as both have figured in the nine
teenth century as having done more than
any other two. men for the sufferings of
the human family. As It has been in the
past so will it in the future. There will
always be men for the occasion, pro
vided the cause be just as ours is at the
present time.
"An alliance with England, the mother
country, was devoutly to be- hoped for,
an by It and with it a system of arbitra
tion would be established, and this would
b« the last war where human blood would
be .phed for the righting of national
•wrongs. And furthermore the two great
nations would spread the gospel of Chris
tianity, freedom and equality over the
entire world." . _■ *
Several printing presses: running night
and day on > the new lines of "Flag" sta
tionery at Eanborn & Vail'«, 741 Market. •
HURRYING TO
HONOLULU
Quick Dispatch for the
Mohican.
SAILED ON SHORT NOTICE.
RELIEVES THE BENNINGTON
AT HONOLULU.
Repairs to the Collier Brutus Com
pleted—She Will Sail To-Day
in Company With the
Monterey.
The water front was busier than usual
yesterday. At the Mail dock a double
force of men was at work on the
steamers China and Colon, while at the
Oceanic dock the finishing touches
I were being put on the Zealandia, and
i the Btores for the soldiers were being )
i. shipped. At Folsom-street wharf noth- i
, Ing was being done to the Centennial, j
but around the landing place the
; launches from the Monterey and Mohi
! can made thiners live)- for a time.
The Mohican came down from the j
navy yard early in the morning. She |
: will make a quick trip to Honolulu, j
■ i-.nd on her arirval at the islands she j
will relieve the gunboat Bennington, !
the latter going to Manila to Join Ad- i
' miral Dewey's fleet. The sloop-of-war |
must have left Mare Island after being
fitted out in a hurry. She was short of \
'< both potatoes and butter and the mess
boys were skirmishing around to lay :
In supplies. They were not very sue- ;
cessful as all the stores were closed, j
and when the last boat left for the !
' sloop-of-war the various messes were
little better off than when the Mohican
left the navy yard.
Captain Book is again in command
of the Mohican, and he has the same :
, officers with h.m that went out on the I
war ship with the apprentices. About ;
! forty of the latter are still aboard, but
their hopes for seeing a tight are sure i
; to be disappointed as the war will !
never reach Hawaii. The sloop-of-war ,
has her bunkers well filled, and consid- !
erable coal in sacks is piled on deck. '
. She will proceed under both sail and
steam, and Captain Book expects to
make the run to the islands in eight
days. In that event the Mohican will
reach Honolulu about forty-eight hours
1 before the Monterey, which will sail to- i
day.
There was little or no excitement
over the sailing of the Mohican. About ''
noon time two wagon loads of mall
came down from the Postoffice, and
the Monterey's launch put it aboard the
Mohican. At 1 p. m. the anchor was j
hove up short, and at 1:30 the man-of- |
war got under way and steamed out '
i through the Golden Gate.
The Monterey came down from the '
1 navy yard last Friday, and the gen- i
i eral belief was that she would get i
', away for Honolulu, en route to Manila. '
; early Saturday morning. She lay at
anchor off Folsom street with steam
up all day awaiting the arrival of her
consort, the collier Brutus from th<
navy yard, but at evening the news !
; came that something had happened to |
the collier's low pressure cylinder, and
; that it would take some little time to
. make repairs. All of yesterday the
Monterey still waited, and during th*
afternoon word came that the Brutus
was having a trial trip, and if every
thing was successful she would be
down this morning. In that event both
warship and collier will lf>ave for the
islands about 1 p. m. to-day.
The Monterey and Brutus will go to
Honolulu at a uniform speed of about
10 knots an hour. At that rate It will
take them nine days to cover the dis
tance. Going 10 knots an hour the coast
! defense steamer has enough coal
aboard to take her to Honolulu, but If
forced to a greater speed of say 12
knots the consumption of coal would be
po great that the supply would be all
burned up in six days, or twenty-four
hours before her destination could be
reached. After arriving at Honolulu
th^ Monterey will be recoaled, and will
then start for Manila In tow of the
Brutus.
Masters of American vessels are pro
ceeding very cautiously these days, and
those on ships bound from Japan to
New York are taking no chances. The
bark J. B. Walker left Hlogo, Japan, on
April 23 for New York, and instead of
going there direct Captain Wallace
headed for Honolulu in order to find
out the status of the war. On May 22,
in latitude 28 deg. 42 mm. north, lon
gitude 157 deg. 35 mm. west, he met the
barkentine Archer bound for San Fran
cfseo and spoke her. Both vessels were
hove to, and Captain Wallace went
aboard the Archer, where he was
warmly welcomed by Captain Calhoun.
The latter got together all the papers
; he had on board and gave them to
j Wallace, who was only too glad to get
them. When the news of Admiral
| Dewey's victory was told to the men on
; the Walker they cheered again and
, again, .md then they gave three cheers
: for Captain Calhoun and the Archer for
i having given them the good news.
The chances are that the transports
Zealandla, Colon and China will be
ready by Tuesday night and will go out
into the stream Wednesday. It will
then be Friday before the last of the
. supplies can be got aboard the vessels
i ready for sea. Whether a sailor's preju
i dices against sailing on a Friday will
; be taken into account or not remains
to be seen.
The schooner Repeat, which came in
from Grays Harbor last Saturday, an
| chored near the telegraph cable and
dragged down on it Sunday. The tug
Reliance was sent out to her, and after
some trouble the anchor was freed
from the cable and the schooner moved
to Mission Bay.
The Retail Grocers held a picnic at
Schuetzen Park, San Rafael, yesterday,
and a great crowd went across the bay
to attend It. The steamer Tiburon,
which left this side at 9:30 and 11 a. m.
and 1:30 p. m., must have taken over
fully 6000 people, and even then there
were hundreds who missed the boats.
Young Men for the Hour.
Dr. James A. B. Wilson of the Howard- i
. street Methodist Church who has lately
• been transfered from Los Angeles, where !
j he spent three years, has by his earnest- I
| ness and stirring sermons and lectures ]
' added many members to his church. In i
physique and manner of discourse he re
minds one of the late Dr. Cox of the j
same denomination. In his lecture last
night he spoke on the "Young Men for
th« Hour," taking his text from: Prob. '
! xvl:32, "He that ruleth his own spirit is
greater than he that takes a city." He
said In part:
The hour reveals a marvelous change of i
conditions over a former period. We, as a
nation, are becoming urban rather than ru
ral. Thus In 1820 we had but six cities of 8000
Inhabitants or over, but now we have tM,
with 80 per cent of our population In oitlt-s, !
and In twenty-five years at the rate of Increase I
now being; made, the cities will have 10,000,000 i
majority In the whole country. Our cities are I
the worst governed of any ki the civilized I
world. The worst class of our population dom
inates the politics of our municipal life.
There Is before us the absolute overthrow
of our Institutions and the utter subversion
of the moral life of the nation.
This Is a young man's problem. My gen
eration will have nothing; to do with Its so
lution. The preparation for this new patriot
ism must be strength. Intelligence, morality,
discipline and religion. He is not prepared to
deal with the monotonous question of citizen
ship who does not accept the highest ideal of
the universe as hie standard.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1898.
"POPE BOB"
IS DEFENDED
Edwards Davis Delivers
an Erratic Lecture.
HE REVERES THE INFIDEL
SMALL AUDIENCE AT METRO
POLITAN HALL.
The Lecturer Attacks Catholicism,
Protestantism and Various Other
Creeds in Order to Defend
the Great InfldeL
Rev. Edwards Davis, the sensational
pulpit orator who achieved considerable
notoriety as Oakland's "actor-preacher"
when advertised by the yellow journal a
few years ago, defended Colonel Robert
G. Ingersoll at Metropolitan Temple last
nicht. Incidentally the speaker denounced
Catholicism and threw many bouquets at
himself.
The eeif-advertised orator did not seem
satisfied with his audience, which con
sisted of about thirty people, but he an
nounced thut he would lecture again, sub
ject "Hell." The date of this lecture was
said to be next Sunday night. Among
other things the speaker said:
"If the representatives of the press
here to-night roast me to-morrow morn
ing they will 'roast' by and by. They
can lay anything they want about me.
but let me tell them that if they deal
In personalities about my family I will
fight and die game. I have this advan
tage over uiem that the more they speak
about my ignorance the more people will
Christians Are Abject Puppies.
want to hear me, which will naturally
mean more encouragement in the box
office to me."
With t)iis> prelude the orator began
what he termed his "Defense of Inger
soll," which, consisted in brief of the fol
lowing:
"I don't think that Ingersoll should be
damned to hell in the people's minds for
not believing in Jesus Christ. I believe,
however, we are to discriminate between
I sincerity and hypocrisy. Some crooked
lieok^d humpbacked Christians bellevo they
\ are going to Heaven simply because they
i prostrate themselves at the altar of God
i and various graven images, while Bob,
like myself, is going to be damned be
cause he will not join in their mockery.
I think we have more chance of getting
through the needle's eye than 90 per cent
of the so-called followers of Chri.st. In
gersoll should not be condemned, but
praised. He has made Christians think;
and a man who does not think is not
•worth thinking about. Some people don't
think I think, but I think 1 do, although
I have no other proof to convince the
public than the logic of my arguments.
When you attain the heights of intellec
tuality and transcendent thought that I
have labored to attain you will find that
there is purpose in antagonism; and that
is why God allows me to live. Is there
any wonder that there is stagnation in
men's eouls? There is no hell lire or fu
ture torment that can prevent me from
talking the way I want to. The ministry
should uphold Individuality. I know that
I could please a great many people if
I chose to do so; I know that I could
be on top some day, be that day ten
years or ten days distant; 1 am ronvinced
that Davis will be on top and Davis is on
top now.
"Some people tell me why don't I get
a vindication. What good will that do
Edwards Davis Defends Ingersoll
me? A vindication won't buy me bread,
and even if It did I would prefer to go
hungry than accept it.
"I am nothing but 160 pounds of man,
with a brain. Have I sinned? I guess
yes! When I am asked this question,
however, 1 plead 'not guilty.' 1 have
sinned. It Is true; but I have never told
a lie in the pulpit, except a small one;
I have never told a theological lie.
"If I arose and preached the way people
wanted me," he continued, "J would be
the biggest 'bug' in the community. I
believe that Bob Ingersoll is a better
man than most of the men here to-night,
and 90 per cent of the Christians of the
world. Bob never abuses his wife, and
I wager that he gets along with her bet
ter than Christian men usually get along
with theirs."
After concluding the lecture with a per
sonal argument on his own worth, the
lecturer bowed himself off the etagn. lie
seemed greatly pleased with his effort.
Work of the Red Cross Society.
The Red Cross Society found very little
to do yesterday at Camp Merrltt, as
everything was moving along very
smoothly. Mrs. Eaton, Mrs. Merrill and
Mrs. Harrington visited very camp. There
are about thirty cases of measles, and
all the patients have been removed to
different hospitals where they have been
Isolated. There are nine sick men at the
Red Crosa Hospital who are down with
pneumonia and other diseases.
IS NOW ON THE MONTEREY
J. Q. Adams, Formerly of the
Oregon, Tells of the Trip
Around the Horn.
J. Q. Adams, who was formerly gun
ner's mate on the Oregon and made the
trip around the Horn on the battleship
has been transferred to the Monterey as
first gunner. He received his orders to
report here while he was on the Oregon
at Juniper, and arrived here Saturday
evening and registered at the Internation
al Hotel
Mr. Adams, while well pleased with his
berth on the Oregon, Is perfectly satis
fied at being transferred to the monitor.
"We had an excellent trip," he said, "and
the boys aboard the Oregon think her
the only ship afloat. Of course she rolled
some, but altogether she behaved beau
tifully. We caught up with the Marietta
and Buffalo some distance out of Kio de
Janeiro and layed to by them for about
half an hour exchanging the news. When
we steamed away it didn't take us long
to leave them far in the rear. The Oregon
is a speedy vessel, and we made good time
all the way. The slowest we went was
ten knots an hour, and that was only for
a short time.
"At every port the vessel stopped some
of the crew were allowed to yo ashore,
and there were a number of brawls in
some of the South American ports. The
marines all noticed that there was con
siderable feeling against them on account
of the war, but this opinion was due
largely to their imagination, though there
was a slight foundation for it. Every
where any British people were encoun
tered we received the best of treatment.
We passed several English vessels and
were always greeted with cheers and
salutes by those on board.
"We had news of the doing's of the
Spanish fleets at every place we touched,
and were aware of the fact that it was
believed we might encounter some of the
enemy's vessels. We were rather confi
dent of our own powers, and dint care
a Davy Crockett if we met the entire
Spanish navy. About IGO miles out of Rio
a vessel wa^ sighted, and it was taken for
one of the Spanish fleet. The men were
all called to their stations and the guns
loaded preparatory to an engagement.
The vessel turned out to be a British
bark and there was a considerable feel
ing of disappointment among the men,
who seemed anxious to try issues with
the Spaniards."
COLORED VOLUNTEERS.
Major Penny's Call Meets With
Many Hearty Responses
Major L. N. Penny's call for colored
volunteers to join with his colored com
pany in defense of the country has met
with favorable r> sponses from several
sources. He has heard from the office of
the adjutant-general of the State to the
effect that It will be impossible under
the present arrangements to accept any
entirely new company for the reason that
this State's quota will be supplied in full
when all companies now in the field shall
be fully enlisted.
Captain W. G. Copeland of Tulare
writes that he and thirty-live other col
ored men arc ready to join the movement.
Thumas T. Johnson, a colored man of
Pasadena writes that some of his friends
who have seen service as well as some
who have never been on the Held will be
glad to offer up their lives for the coun
try at the right time. All ti.ese colored
gentlemen are anxious to become part of
thci company which Major Penney pro
poses to advertise among his race in this
State.
A New Cemetery.
A meeting of the members and friends
of the Bush Street Temple was held at
the rooms of the congregation, IS3I Bush
street, on Sunday, June 5, 1898. The meet
ing was in the interests of the purchase
of a cemetery. Among the large number
of active movers at the meeting who pur
chased plats were the following: Joseph
Schmidt, B. Reiss, L. Dallman, E. ±j\
Block, T. W. Nellis, Philip Stern, S. Stern
S. Jacobson, J. M. Strauss, D. L. JUavls, N.
J. Blackman, A. Levy, H. Stern, S. H.
Selling. Another meeting will be held
In a few days to complete arrangements.
The cemetery is to be called the Home
or Eternal Rest.
Last Night's Fires.
The Fire Department answered four
alarms within three hours last night.
Sparks frum a chimney caused $10 dam
age to the dwelling of Mrs. Walsh, at 454
Jessie street, about 6 o'clock in the even
ing. At 6:30 an overturned alcohol lamp
started a blaze in the three-story dwelling
at 1812 Van Ness, owned by S. M. Barry
and occupied by L. L. King. Damage"
$I'K>. Fifty dollars will over the dam
age to the house of T. S. Tate at 1812
Jones street. The fire occurred at 8
o'clock, and was caused by the careless
handling of a lighted paper. An explo
sion from a coal oil lamp at 8:15 caused
$20 damage to the house of Mrs. Burns at
1022 Alabama.
PERJURED TESTIMONY
IN CARSON'S SCANDAL
Inmate of the Orphans' Home Con
fesses That He Did Not Tell
the Truth.
CARSON, June s.— Another sensation Is
on tap in the Orphans' Home case. John
Cassagrande, a witness examined yester
day and an inmate of the home, to-day
appeared before a notary public and
mado an affidavit that the testimony
given by him was false. Cassagrande's
evidence was against the character of
Charles B. Day, who made the complaint
which was investigated last week.
The boy who admits he is a perjurer Is
15 years old. He says he wished to in
jure Day, believing the latter had talked
about his sister. Cassagrande says Beebe
the superintendent, prior to the investi
gation, made out a list of questions to
be asked concerning the management,
passed thorn aruund among the boys and
many boys volunteered to answer them
though they had not the slightest knowl
edge of what was meant.
PASSING OF A PIONEER.
Cancer Causes the Death of Nathan
L. Drew of Sacramento.
BACRAJVIENTO, June s.— Nathan L.
Drew, a well-known resident of this city,
passed away yesterday at the age of 73
of cancer of the throat.
Mr. Drew was a native of Holderness,
N. 11, He came to this State from Bos
ton, leaving there on June 6, 1849, and
coining around the Horn, arriving' lu-re
on December 14 of that year. He became
a member of the Sacramento Society of
Pioneers in 1566. In 1852 he engaged in
the lumber business, in which he contin
ued until a few years ago. He was a
member of Sacramento Lodge No. 40 F
and A. M., Sacramento Chapter No. 3', R_
A. M., and Sacramento Commandery No
2, K. T. He was also an Exempt Fire
man and the bell of the Corporation
Houso tolled yesterday for his death.
ADVENTISTS' CONFERENCE.
Gratifying Beports on the Present
State of the Church.
ST. HELENA, June s.— The interests of
the Sabbath-school work received con
j sideration at the morning session of the
annual conference of the Seventh Day Ad
ventists. Some time was devoted to sug
gestions and plans to secure increased in-
I terest and attendance at the schools, and
the benefit of weekly meetings of Sab
'• bath-school teachers for counsel and in
struction.
The reports presented showed that $212.
! 000 has been donated to missions during
j the past eleven years. The present mem
! bership of the schools is 55,000, divided
| into 7500 classes.
Northern Baseball Games.
SEATTLE, June s.— Score:
Clubs— R. H. B.
Seattle 7 10 2
Spokane 6 12 4
TACOMA, June s.— Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Tacoma 11 14 l
Portland 12 13 6
THE GROCERS'
DAY TO SHINE
Their Big Picnic Held at
Schuetzen Park.
PATRIOTISM WAS RAMPANT
MANY PBIZES WON BY THE
CONTESTANTS.
California Commercial Travelers Out
in Foree — Dancing and Feasting
Were Major Features of
the Occasion.
Picnics nowadays seem to hava devel
oped Into occasions upon which ths ram
pant patriotism of the American public
generally can assert itself In no uncer
tain tones. The twenty-seventh anniver
sary picnic of the Retail Grocers' Pro
tective Union, held at California Schuet
zen Park yesterday, was a good instance
in point, for when the 2500 people that
attended marched off the boat at the foot
of Market street on their return, singing
the "Star-spangled Banner," "The Red,
White and Blue" and yelling "Remember
the Maine," "Hurrah for Free Cuba"
I and a number of other war slogans, it
I was enough to make sightseers think
there was an invasion of some sort ur
■ that another regiment of volunteers had
! arrived. Through it all the American
i Hag was carried on high by President J.
T. Hurley, surrounded by a host of the
"faithful," and the band "played on."
During the day the picnickers enjoyed
themselves at the park in many ways.
} There were games of all kinds for the
children, dancing in the big pavilion; tar
get shooting and bowling. Then there
, were a prize drawing for members, a
wheel of fortune at which many took a
"turn" and others a "fall" and a valuable
distribution of gate prizes.
At the noou hour a lunch was given in
the dining hall by the officials of the
organization. Speeches were made by
President Hurley, Vice-President Hartje,
Secretary Dolder and Treasurer Mahoiiv-
The members of the California Commer
cial Travelers' Association were largely
in evidence, from President Mershon to
"Poohbah" Louis Berger, the line includ
ing such notables as Con Grau, E. A.
James, "Samson" Roessler and Cupid
Myers.
Everybody that attended the picnic
went happy and returned in excellent
spirits as well.
Following was the result of the races:
Boys, race, 12 to 15 years— James Mugan
first, Sam Hanson second, Tom Higgins third,
i Boys' race, 9 to 12 years— Willie Corcoran
I first, Dan Frohman second, I. Cope third.
1 Girls' race, 12 to 16 years— Belle lmvis first,
i Sadie Levy second, May Madden third.
I Girls' race, 9to 12 years — Julia Madden first,
i Bella Smith second, Freda Gerster third.
Young ladles' race— Julia Smith first, Delia
j McDermott second, Annie Keely third, Lena
| Herriman fourth.
I Young men's race— Artie Johnson first, Fred
! Sullivan second, Fred Gray third, Fred Mer
i will fourth.
I Porters' race— Ed Mills first, William Skeely
| second, Joe Flynn third.
Married ladles' race — Mrs. Conroy first, Mrs.
Erschon second, Mrs. Dunnmiller third.
Fat ladies' race — Mrs. Radigan first, Mrs.
Madden second, Mrs. Sullivan third.
Fat men's race — Fred Roberts first, J. J.
Murphy second, H. -A. Kolander third.
Tug-of- war— Married men's team won; John
L. "Williams, captain.
MESSENGER BOY ROBBED.
Joseph Hubert the Victim of a Foot
pad in the Potrero.
Joseph Hubert, 848 Mission street, a
messenger boy in the employ of the Amer
ican Distriot Company, called at the Re
ceiving Hospital yesterday afternoon with
a blackened eye and his face swollen and
cut.
Hubert said that he went with a mes
sage to the Potrero, and while on his
way back he stopped at the corner of
Sixth and Kentucky streets to look at a
place that had been burned down. Just
then he was hit on the back of the head
and knocked down. Then he was kicked
in the face until he became unconscious.
When he came to his senses he found
that 85 cents, the money he had got for
the message, had been taken from his
pocket. He had no idea who the robber
was.
What hurt Hubert most was that the
company "docked" him the So cents.
Died From Her Injuries.
Mrs. Catherine Chessman, who was ac
cidentally scalded at her residence, 101
Wool street, on last Friday while lift
ing a boiler of hot water from the stove,
died at the City and County Hospital yes
terday at noon.
After the Coroner's office was notified of
her death her husband called on the offi
cials and said he was satisfied the death
of his wife was purely accidental and in
no manner was the owner of, the house
to blame, therefore he waived an in
quest. This viow was accepted, and the
body was turned over to an undertaker.
The Fly Casters.
The members of the San Francisco Fly
casting Club mot at Stows Lake Satur
day and yesterday. The weather was
perfect and the results obtained were
most gratifying. The distance and ac
curacy was equal to any ever made. The
scores made were: Horton, 90:4; Young,
92; Turner. 92:8; Lowry, 93:4; Haight, 89:4;
Everett, 84:4; Huyck, 91:8; Deuerfasen,
91:S; Golcher, 93:4; Grant, 86:8; Battu, 90:4;
Carr. 95:4. Re-entry— Battu, 88:4, 92:8, 90:8;
Everett, 75:8, 82; Golcher, 95:4, 96, 96;
Grant, 89, 90:4, 88:8; Lowry, 96, 95:8;
Haight. ?!):$: Horton. 88.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33 and 38.
222-224 SUTTER STREET.
SPECiAL
Monday — Tuesday —Wednesday
COFFEE, "Oriental" blend, roasted or
ground, regularly 350, n0w.::... ...30c Ib.
WIN DOW SCREENS, size 1 8x24,
■ 24x36, oak frame, regularly 30c and
40c, n0w...... .....20c and 30c
FLY PAPER, , "Sure Catch Poison {;
. Brand," regularly 1 doz. sheets 10c,
n0w......... ......... ........ doz.
TOWEL ROLLER, 20 inches long, .! ■
regularly. loc, now .......,.'........... 5c
FOR THIS ENTIRE WEEK.
For further introduction, a car of the Famous
TOSETTI'S EASTERN BEER
at the phenomenal low price of ......
Reg. $2 25...... M $1.50 doz. qts.
and $1 50....... ........ .V $1.00 doz. pts.
FRUIT SYRUPS, pure home made, :
fv* all flavo's, regularly 50c, n0w..:40c bot.
REFRIGERATORS, "GLACIER"
; brand, latest improvements ....................
. ........... 33i^ pen cent off on list price
lOc Straight Size
CALLE IDE ORO CLEAR HAVANA.
Better than most 12'a'c Cigars. •:', .
; COUNTRY '- ORDERS . carefully packed,
shipped free within .100 miles. T
: Ask for June Catalogue, , free, full of : valu-
able '"• information for : picnickers,, campers,
hunters, etc. " ■ . '-- .
THEY WONT NO MORE PIE.
Five luckless gentlemen who were taken to the Harbor Receiving Hospital
last night with various portions of their anatomy variously Injured, have made
a firm resolution that they will never again mix up in another man's troubles,
but will be content with their own. The gentlemen are now convinced that It
doesn't pay to jump in where they are liable to get their feet wet, and they
have no appetite for picnickers' pie.
A sailor, a trifle the worse for liquor, became engaged in a brawl with a man
at the corner of Stuart and Folsom streets last evening, and when a party of
fifteen picnickers, returning from a day's outing, passed the two scrappers, one of
them Insulted a member of the party and was promptly knocked flown. Tha
the friends of the picnicker then went at the man on the ground and adminis
tered to him sundry kicks and cuffs which bade well to make him a fit subject
for the Coroner.
It was at this point of the trouble that the outsiders got into the game before
buying chips. Mike Lane, a saloonkeeper in the vicinity, saw the fight, and
thinking the odds were against the sailor, came up and began to remonstrate
with the Irate picnickers. The peacemaker in this case was not blessed. The
picnickers brooked no interference, and proceeded to turn their attention to Lane.
As they were giving him the same treatment they had given Jack, F. W. Waston,
a jolly German in a yachting suit, happened along, and being a lover of fair
play, upbraided the picnickers for not fighting fair. One of them asked, In a very
aggressive tone: "Say, mister, is this any of your pie?" As the jolly German
did not answer, the picnicker, taking silence as equivalent to assent, began to
feed Waston his portion of the pastry, and from the looks of that gentleman's
face after the cyclone struck, the pie must have been of the cherry brand. Ed
Brass, Tom Kelly and John Thompson were three gentlemen who seemed to wish
a portion of the lunch the picnickers had with them, and they received what they
wanted. After the picnickers departed all five of their guests seemed to be taken
with indigestion, and inquiring the way to Dr. Hill's workshop they turned them
selves over to his tender mercy.
BECEIVE CONFIRMATION.
Over Two Hundred Children Kneel
to Receive the Sacrament From
the Archbishop.
The sacrament of confirmation was ad
ministered to over 2uO children at St.
Francis Church yesterday afternoon by
Archbishop Riordan, in the presence of
an immense audience.
Promptly at 4 o'clock the service began
with an eloquent address by Archbishop
Riordan, In which he outlined the ob
ject of the confirmation and the neces
sity of the sacrament as a means of sal
vation. He likened the period of youth,
when it is absolutely necessary for me
children to understand thoroughly the
object of the ceremony, to tho budding
time of spring.
"This is the period of life," said the
preacher, "when your character begin to
mold, and it is highly essential to your
future happiness that you mould begin
to sow the seeds of piety and ughteous
ness and endeavor to lead good Christian
lives."
Immediately after the sermon benedic
tion was solemnized by the Archbishop in
person, assisted by the clergy of St.
Francis Church.
The Camera Club.
There will a social "at home" to mem
bers of the California Camera Club and
their friends on Thursday evening, June
9. The entertainment will consist of a
slide exhibition interspersed with music,
vocal and instrumental. The slides are
from the camera clubs of Ottawa, St.
Catherines and Montreal, Canada, and
are well worthy of seeing. George Breck
will give a demonstrtion of the use of
acetylene gas in photography to-morrow.
A Vote of Thanks.
At a meeting of the general Memorial
Day committee, which had charge of the
last celebration, a resolution was passed
thanking all those who had contributed
to the success of the day or who had in
any way assisted in the celebration.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|CITYOF|ig PARIS !
« DRY GOODS COMPANY. »
i CLOAK AND SUJT DEPARTMENT I «
$_• • #
%£ t . - %?
0 SPECIAL Imported Organdie Costumes, »'
§ REDUCTION White Graduating: Dresses, »
a SALE OF and Tailor Made Pique Suits. »
a a
0 a
$ Costumes for the Seaside and Summer Resorts— Handsome and Attractive, »
« — — — — — • »
& ALL IMPORTED TAILOR-MADE AND FANCY &
■Of CLOTH COSTUMES GREATLY REDUCED, &
o a
0 SUIT AND CLOAK DEPARTMENT. £
o MILLINERY DEPARTMERT, * Q
£j " "~~ —] LINGERIE DEPARTMENT, Zj
& ON SECOND CURTAIN DEPARTMENT «.
« FLOOR. AND ART DEPARTMENT «
», — — - — — a
0 Country Orders Carefully and Promptly Filled. 8
a \; — ' a
* CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, *
Southeast Comer Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F. V- ; « i
£;  • . UNION SQUARE. Zj, :
. AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
'Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
Evening — 10c, 25c and 50c. .
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Second ' Week, of the Popular Eastern Actor,
GEORGE P. WEBSTER,
In a magnificent , production of the Great
Scenic Melodrama.
THE COTTON KING.
Under the Supervision of : the Well-Known
. - Eastern Actor, ■
H. PERCY MELDON.
Second ".Week -of th« ' Sterling . Juvenile Actor,
, MAX jVON MITZE L.
. Produced With a Strong Stock Cast.
M Great Mill Scene!
Thrilling Elevator Scene!!
Cotton Mills in Full Operation!!!
~ 6— NEW, VAUDEVILLE STARS—
KATIE ROONEY, "A Chip of the Old
BIock";. WILLS and LORETTO. "The Tramp
and the Soubrette" ; ALBURTUS and BART-
RUM, Champion Club Swingers; EZRA- KEN-
DALL, Humorist: LAMONT FAMILY, Eu-
rope's Acrobats; MUSICAL JOHNSONS, Xylo-
phone Wonders; - PROFESSOR LEONIDAS
Dog and Cat Circus; AL LEACH and the 3
ROSEBUDS; HARRY- ALLISTER, New Im-
personations. .''■
/Reserved . Seats. > 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs: and Box Seats. . soc .
ALCAZAR. seat pho b y c.
ni^vnt<rvi\. MAIN 254.
EVERY NIGHT : THIS WEEK.
ONLY MATINEE ; SATURDAY.
LEWIS MORRISON,
•" ; FLORENCE : ROBERTS.
The Dramatic Hit. .-V : / ,
THE MASTER OF CEREMONIES I
Prices .. . . . .... . . ......:...;..-. 15c. 23c, 35c, 60c
NEXT LEWIS MORRISON.
-, WEEK|"A ; CELEBRATED CASE."
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c - - ■:■ - . CHILDREN So
Bathing, with admission. Ho; children, 20a.
LAKE LINDERMAN.
Interesting Details Giving the Ex
isting Conditions There.
The following extracts from a letter re
ceived a few days since from J. Lembke,
under date of May 21, gives an idea of the
condition of affairs at Lake Llnderman.
Mr. Lembke writes: We are still In
camp at Linderman, I expect to be here
until the 10th of June or later. The ice
on the lake is still solid, and will not
commence to break in less than two or
three weeks. The weather has been very
nice for some time. Snow is pjetty well
gone. We will build afscow 26 et long
and 8 feet beam, and will cary a ton. The
scow was launched this afternoon. Wo
had a rather hard time getting over the
pass. Had we left San Francisco by the
Ist of February we should have done
much better. Everything coming over
the pass now is carried on the tramway
part way and packed the rest. Goods can
be gotten over for six cents from Dyea
to Linderman.
Their First Communion.
A class of fifty boys and girls took their
first communion at the French church on
Bush street yesterday morning, the sac
rament being administered by Father
Loude. Those 'communicants were pre
pared under the instruction of Father
Gulbart. At 4 o'clock the members of
the class received their baptismal vows.
The services both morning and afternoon
were of a most impressive and solemn
character and were witnessed with moro
than ordinary interest by the relatives
and friendd of the young people. The
confirmation will take place on June 2b.
Riley Goes to War.
Donald W. Riley of the Omaha "World-
Herald, arrived in the city last evening
on the steamer State of California and
is at the Occidental. He will join the
First Nebraska Volunteers and go with
them to the Philippines.
An English advertising firm wants to
board in the banks of the Suez canal and
decorate them with advertisements.
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
Special ; Return Engagement.
- '.- '.•> --': ONE PERFORMANCE ONLY.
NEXT WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON at 2:13.
' THE GREAT TRIO.
YSAYE, GERARD Y and LACBAUME
In a Brilliant Programme.
. POPULAR PRICES. .
SEATS READY TO-DAY.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK. "•-;■-■
CLAY CLEMENT
As Baron HohenstauKen
IN THE
NEW DOMINION.
June 13— THE NEW FRAWLEY COMPANY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs.Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Manager.
TO-NIGHT.
The Patriotic Operatlo SpectACl*.
AIN
AMERICAN HERO!
THE SPIRIT OF ; '76.
Great Superb Scenery.
Correct Appropriate Accessories.
THRILLING NAVAL BATTLE. : . . :..
"When Freedom From Her. Mountain Heights
."■ ■•■%■ ■.-.. -.. ■ - Unfurled Her Banner."
Popular . Prices ■ ...... ;:..T.T."r.'.;.\ 25 and 500
No Telephone. , ; ■■
AMAZED THOUSANDS YESTERDAY VIEWED
HENRI MAURICE CANNON,
; THE GREATEST GUN ON EARTH.
f\T THE CHUTES!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
A Great Vaudeville Performance in the
FREE THEATER. '
SOLDIERS IN UNIFORM : ALWAYS FREE.
10c, including Zoo and Theater; Children. sc. '
:...... .. . ■ — : .. ...,■■: — —
HI VMDT \ I Corner of Mt«on «nd
: . yf-. 1 .™ 1 *- 1 -?- I Edd/Str^tt. .
More soul-Inspiring war scenes, new life pic-
tures by the Biograph, Captain Sigsbee and
Staff, United States and Spanish troops, bat-
tleships, ; torped - > boats - and thrilling Havana
scenes, and a strong olio of ten Great Special-
ties. Admission free. Matinee every Sunday.
Weekly Call $1.50
56
NATIONAL
GUARDSMEN
The Standing of Those
Who Volunteered.
WHAT MUSTER ROLLS SHOW.
AN OFFICER DISPLEASED WITH
SECOND BRIGADE MEN.
The Fifth Infantry Regiment May
Know This Week if It Will Be
Included in the Second
Call.
There is but little activity in the Na
tional Guard of the State at this time,
for the reason that there is nothing defi
nite as yet as to the reorganization, ex
cept one thing, and that is that in the
future no one will be accepted as a mem
ber of the guard who is not qualified
from a physical standpoint.
The Attorney-General has under con
sideration a question which, when an
swered, will determine the standing of
the men who as National Guardsmen en
listed and became United States Volun
teers. Upon that decision will be based
the standing of the men who have al
ready gone to the front and of those who
are in Vailing to be sent there. Judge-
Advocate l>wyer of the division staff has
given an opinion that these men have
■ >cl their connection with the guard,
are no longer in the service of the State
and should be discharged therefrom. As
to commissioned officers the law is quite
plain. It i.s that no one can hold two
commissions.
li the Attorney-General should agree
with the Judge- Advocate of the division
Btafl then the First and Seventh Infan
try Regiments will have to be reorgan
ized anew and also the Fifth Infantry,
should it be sent out on the second call
lor troops.
FOR THE SECOND CALL.
It is expected that early this week there
will be received instructions mat will
give Joy to tne memoen of the several
companies of the i-itth Regiment of in
to or uuom them to disappointment.
They win know wnetfaer they mil be sent
to the iront or not. If the regiment is
to be accepted as a body ot the .National
Guard ot this State there will have to
be uu addition ot tour companies to bring
it uj> to its maximum Btrengtn. These
it is prop >?.■<! to taKe lrum the Second
Infantry. The second call demands that
a certain number or men (loiti) shall be
enlisted to mi up the companies previ
accepted, >■> as to bring them up
to the maximum of luJ rank and lile. But
as yet it has not been determined
whether they will be taken from the Na
tional Guard. \\ bile tiie guardsmen who
were left behind on the nrst cull would
willingly po as- guardsmen an. l as a body,
there is not a manifestation of great de
sire to be mustered in and distributed
where they could rill vacancies.
THE FIFTH INFANTRY.
Regimental orders issued June 1 from
headquarters of the Fifth Infantry show
ti.at since the issue of orders the pre
vious month there have been discharged
from the service of the State, ten men
from Company B for removal, two from
Company C for removal, and two at ex
piration of term of service, and four from
| my F for removal and four at ex
piration of term of service, twenty-two in
all.
The following appointments In the regi
ment are announced: Sergeant J. B.
Dickinson to be nrst sergeant of Company
C, vie- A. H. ("assidy promoted; Private
Ernest H. Nordman to be corporal of
Company H, Privates E. J. Marois and
Georgo L. Wildberger to be corporals of
the same company.
THE SIGNAL CORPS.
Upon the call for volunteers from the
rsatiqjial Guard for the signal corps, Lieu
tenant Colonel Miles, signal officer on the
division staff, . sent In lifty-eight names,
twenty-five from the corps of the First
Brigade, twenty-two from the Second and
eleven from the Third. The signal officer
is not pleased with the results obtained
from the Second Brigade corps, and has
not. taken any pains to conceal his dis
pleasure. When there was made public
the announcement that there would be a
call for volunteers, Captain Perkins, now
lieutenant in the volunteer signal corps
then commanding the corps of that bri
gade, asked how many of his men would
volunteer in case a demand was made for
signalmen. To this demand thirty-two of
the forty-five men signified a willingness
to go. When the call for such was made
there were but twenty-two names to send
In to the mustering otncer,. and when
there was»an appearance before the mus
tering officer there were but twelve who
were willing to undergo examination. Of
this number six were rejected principally
for defective eyesight, and the other six
were accepted and mustered into the ser
vice. The next day. however, one of
these was dropped from the list, and there
remain but five. These are P. C. Knapp,
William J. Stock, 11. F. Jurs Emmet
Jones and Thornhill Carmany. Jurs was
sergeant in the corps from which he en
listed and Knapp was corporal. These '
five who were mustered •In as recruits !
were on last Wednesday promoted sig
*" ?f.i the « m t class - Lieutenant
Colonel Miles is in hopes that ■ th 4 men
from the other corps will make a better
showing In proportion to the number of
men who have volunteered.
FIGURES FROM THE MUSTER.
From the muster rolls received at head
?m a / ter M ° f « the dlvls '°n commander so™
interesting: figures are obtained as to the
ThfrW?" of Ca '«fornia Volunteer"
I % » X b * fore muster showed 19 field
and staff officers and after muster 13 The
following are the before and after mus
<,". r , -? f >, each of the companies "xceSt I
Not musmrod: A. 6; «. C. D and P 94
gchj F and G, 16 each; k. 20? L, 28, and
20: K. 8; L 8; M 8. ' :H>
K.k i;. LV-M 3 " ; F^- G. 33; H, 48;
1 • ,7- *-'■ <: H - ': K. •: L. not given: M, 3!
ODD fELLOW SOLDIERS.
Received by the Relief Committee of
the I. 0. O. F.
.The reception tendered to the Odd Fel
lows who ar« In the volunteer service of
the United States and stationed at Camp
Merritt by the general relief committee
of the Odd Fellows of San Francisco, as
sisted by the ladies of the Rebekahs in
Eureka Hall. I. O. O. F. building, yester
day forenoon, was one of the warmest of
fraternal greetings that has been noticed
in this city since the breaking out of the
, war.
The large hall, in which was prominent- I
ly displayed the emblem of our country '
was crowded to its capacity with mem
bers of the various lodges, a great num
ber of ladlr-s and more than 100 of the
boys in blue. Prrsi.lr-nt L. L. Remy pre
aided, and with dispatch disposed of the
work of charity which it is the province
of this body to dispense, after which j
James A. Wilson, the vice-president, in a
neat patriotic speech welcomed the sol
dier boys in the name of L,ove, Friendship
and Truth. Then followed a programme
which included an address by George T
Shaw, the grand secretary: Mrs Mary E
Donoho. secretary of the State Assembly
of the Rebokahs; Grand Treasurer Har- !
ris; "The Flag of Freedom." a recitation |
by Major Jeaghers of the Patriarchs
Militant, with "Boys. Remember the
Maine," an original composition, as an I
encore; a tenor solo by Dr. D. A. Hodg- i
head; the singing of Major Jeaghers' com
position. "Roys. Remember the Maine,"
by Joseph Greven, who composed the
xmißii; for it. The words are full of pa
triotic sentiment, the air is charming and
will no doubt become as popular as were
many of the war songs of the rebellion
days. An edition of this will be pub
lished this week and the proceeds donated
to the relief fund. Then followed remarks
by Mr. Chaplan of Charity Lodge of
■ Stockton. Mr. Wright of Memphis Lodge,
i Term., Lieutenant Morgareidge of Com
: pany G, "Wyoming Volunteers, Sergeant
O. W. Coarse? of Company G, South Da
kota Volunteers. Past Master J. H. Simp
son, Sergeant Andrews of the Twenty
third United States Infantry, who has
been in the service of Uncle Sam for
twenty-eight years, and E. C. Stock. The
soldiers who spoke were profuse in their
praise of the welcome of the brotherhood
in California, of the reception by the citi
zens at large and the ladies in particular.
Sergeant Cbursey said, in speaking of the
ladies of San Francisco: "I never until I
reached San Francisco knew what good
angels women are, although I am mar
ried." The programme, which had been
arranged by Louis Krapen, treasurer of
the relief committee, closed with the
playing of the "Star-Spangled Qanner" by
Private Treveny, one of the boys in blue,
and then the audience arose and joined
in the chorus. After giving three times
three for the glorious old flag, the ladies
I present each took one of the soldiers by
; an arm, and forming a procession, with
the flag carried at the head, marched to
the banquet room below, where a com
mittee of the Rebekahs had prepared a
collation for 300. Every seat was occu
pied, and the soldiers expressed them
selves in terms of warm praise for the
hospitable manner in which they had been
entertained.
| At the close of the meeting in the upper
I hall a soldier approached H. H. Dobbin,
I secretary of the finance committee, and
handed -"him a $10 bill with the remark,
"add that to the friendship fund." He re
fused to give his name, the letter of his
company or the name of his regiment.
To morrow evening the officers of Can
ton San Francisco No. 5 of the Patriarchs
Militant will be installed by Colonel H. O.
Brower, who will be assisted by Canton
No. 11 of Oakland. All the officers and
members of that branch of the order who
are with the volunteers have been In
vited to be present to witness the beauti
ful ceremony.
AT THE PARK.
Crowds at the Outlying Pleasure
Resorts.
Over 12,000 visitors have Inspected the
museum in the Park during the past
week. It is a great attraction for the
Eastern soldiers. W. S. Keyes, son of the
late Major-ii.npr.il E. IX Keyes, has
loaned the museum some valuable oil
paintings, three retouched photographs
and a large collection of curios. Miss A.
E. Keyes has added eight oil paintings,
three water colors and numerous curios.
Among the latter is an oid gold bronze
clock and glass case costing $200. These
will be placed this week. M. Bravermaa
of Visalia has donated two bound vol
umes of valuable geological works for the
library.
Work is progressing rapidly on the wir
ing for electric lights ot the main driv o
west of Strawberry Hill. The wire will
run to the west end of the Park, return
ing by the South drive.
The'attendanee at the Sutro Baths yes
terday was the largest on record. This
morning between 7 and 9 o'clock all the
volunteer regiments, except those on
duty, will be marched out and given an
opportunity to take a free bath. No
spectators' will be admitted, the soldiers
themselves furnishing a guard for every
entrance as well as at each chute to
avoid accidents. Over 7000 men will be In j
the water at once.
Yesterday"s races resulted as follows:
&0-yard dash, Sixth California Volunteers—
C Connors first, T. Redburg second.
75-yard dash, Battery B, Heavy Volunteer
Artillery— <-»• l">eckir tirst, O. Dorris second.
Special 60-yard dash— l'tah. Colorado. Mln
n-'s. ta and Kansas Volunteers— C. Chambers.
Kansas, first.
150-yard dash, Twenty-third Regular Infan
try—B. Camp. Company X, first; A. Andrews,
Company D. second.
200-yard dash. Troop A. Utah Cavalry— P- J-
Fairclough first, J. W. Enters second.
220-yard dash, Montana— W. N. Seaman
first. 1... S. Warner second.
California special, free for all, 60 yards— D.
Durant first, D. Carroll second.
Henri Murice Cannon, the heavy man
at the Chutes, was visited by over 1200
people yesterday. Not one went away
disappointed. He claims that the weather
agrees with him.
A SOLDIER ARRESTED.
Lawrence Reynolds of the South Da
kota Regiment Charged With
Attempt at Burglary.
Lawrence Reynolds, of Company D,
South Dakota regiment, was arrested
early yesterday morning and booked at
City Prison on a charge of attempt at
burglary.
Charles Hackmeier, of 1820 Ellis street,
rushed into the O'Farrell street station
about 3 o'clock yesterday morning and
said there were burglars In his house.
Policeman J. P. Herlihy was sent back
with Hackmeier, and they found Reynolds
on the roof of the adjoining house bare
footed and in his shirtsleeves. He was
considerably under t-he influence of liquor,
and as Hackmeier insisted that he was
the men who had been in his house, Her
lihy arrested him. An examination of
the house showed that nothing was miss
ing, so the charge of attempted burglary
was booked against Reynolds.
Reynolds said yesterday that he remem
bered nothing about the case. He had
been down town with some comrades hav
ing a good time, and he lost sight of them.
He had some more drinksi, and he re
membered nothing more until he awoke
iin the prison. He felt keenly the positiop
I he had been placed in. and vehemently
I denied that he was a burglar. He had
been working on a ranch at Sioux Falls,
S. D., when the call for volunteers came
and he enlisted.
Drank Carbolic Acid.
Joseph Simpson, a laborer, was discov
ered at the corner of Stanton and Fred
erick streets Yesterday morning about
7 o'clock in terrible agony. Sergeant
Thompson of the park police was notified
and immediately sent him to the Park
Receiving Hospital. Simpson said he
Mad taken carbolic acid. At 12 o'clock he
had so far recovered that he was moved
to the City and County Hospital. He said
he was despondent from drink. He died
at 6 o'clock last evening.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales 0ver6, 000,000 Boxes
FOR BILIOUB AND NEEVOUS DIBOEDEEB
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach,
Giddiness, Fulness after meals. Head-
ache, Dizziness, Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
j turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to bo
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com- i
plete i health. They promptly ■ remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Nick Headache* For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the -
; LARGEST SALE
of any Patent .neutrino In the World.
25c. at all Drug Stores.
M% ¥m ii^
J-i I I 1;|
Radway's Ready Relief for Sprains, Bruises.
Sore Muscles, Cramps, : Burns, Sunburns, BucK-
ache. Headache. Toothache, Rheumatism Neu-
ralgia. Lumbago. Internally for sJI Bowel-
Pains , Colic. Diarrhoea, - Dysentery. Cholera
Morbus and ■ Sickness, Nausea, etc. • All drug-
gists. .-..- ' : : , t ■ ■• , :
THE SA^ FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUKE 6, 1898.
PIGEON SHOOT
CONCLUDED
Clarence Nauman Won
the Fay Medal.
HE KILLED TWENTY BIRDS.
VICTORY EARNED BY LUCK
AND CLEVER SHOOTING.
Merrill of Stockton Had an Off Day.
Maskey and Fox Give an Ex
hibition of Fine Marks
manship.
Clarence Nauman carried away the Fay
diamond medal in the concluding match
of the Olympic Gun Club's three-day live
bird shoot at Ingleside yesterday by kill
ing twenty straight. Good shooting and
pure luck gave him a victory. On two
occasions his birds dropped Just within
bounds, whereas with other contestants
many pigeons would struggle over the
line.
In the opinion of many Maskey and
Fox did the better shooting. Nineteen
birds fell before their deadly aim, and
they had very little occasion to use their
second barrel.
An ideal day and a fast batch of
pigeons made things extremely Interest
ing for the contestants. Pete McCray
sprinted for a bird that was hopping
near the deadly lm* and just as he was
about to snatch it the wary pigeon tlew
away, much to his dlscomiiture. Haight
wounded a bird with his second barrel
and it arose in the air and, describing a
half circle, Hew into the hands of its
executioner.
Owing to the fast birds and the numer
ous misses the twenty-two contestants*
dwindled down in short order. Instead of
four hours being devoted to the match,
but two and a half were consumed.
Following were the high scores: Clar
ence Nauman, 20; Maskey. 19; Fox, 19;
F. Feudner, 15; Burnett, 14; Otto Feud
ner, 13; Smith. 9; Merrill, 8; Haight, 8.
Maskey and Fox divided $25 between them
for next high guns.
One hundred and fifty-five dollars was
divided among Nauman, Merrill. Haight,
Webb and Burnett, each having scored
ten straight In the Dupont Smokeless
Powder race.
In the Roos Brothers' race, Nauman,
Merrill. Haight, Webb, Burnett, Leigh
ton and F. Feudner divided the pool of
$155, each scoring ten straight birds. Hei
delberg and Rice scored nine, their odd
birds having flown out of bounds.
In a private match Feudner and Mer
rill divided $17 50 botwoen them, each
hiving killed four straight. Haight also
landed a purse of $17 50 by defeating
Fn:dner, Rice, Merrill, Fox, Pickett and
Stelling.
W. Robertson acted as referee.
AT SHELL MOUND.
The Deutscher Krieger Verein Marks-
men Shoot for Prizes.
While the attendance at the Shell Mound
rifle range yesterday was not very large,
those who were there had a pleasant time,
especially the members of the Deutscher
Krieger Verein's shooting section. The
attendance of the members of this body
was because, aside from the attractions
of the regular monthly contests for med
als, there were special prizes in Bight.
When the last big shooting festival of
this body was held there were a number
of merchandise prizes more than the
events required, and these were shot for
- • . ADVERTISEMENTS. V.:,;"
i #^j Electricity i
a ' r^^ Is Life! ■ «
/ A The cause of all diseases Is the waste of $
& J I energy— the organs of the body have not >-.
$ /^ ft sufficient vitality to keep up their natural "
«• / '* i action. They require aid. Electricity '•«
" J / elves it through the proper use of $
» j / h / Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt 2
Gt I $* \ » L • $4 I Thls belt fills the nerves with electrical
« I Ml *\Yr'/->^&dk energy, which quickly goes to the assist- °
** ( V«L^k±i-i^ai^« ance of the weakened functions, renews 0-
$ ' )W^?A'?iwS3^g^^\ the llfe in them, and they are enabled to A
« V t sr \^^Bs^ff^<^. > throw off disease. It is a simple cure and v^-
„ > **^ I Sfkk(\ '»'i»* never fails. Dr. A. T. Sanden, famous as **
**. V J ' a physician and student of science and ®
0 medicine for thirty years, has published a book, "THREE. CLASSES OF $
£ MEN," upon the cause of weakness and disease and its cure by electricity. It y^
' is worth $1000 to any man, and is sent free, Closely sealed, to any address, or
£* can be had at the office.. Call or address * ' &
o SANDEN ELECTRIC CO. *~n7 DnDT . MT tinTinc * »
'<*■ 702 Market Street, Corner Geary, San rr»noiso9. ' I ANT NOTICE $
& Office hours— B a. m. to Bp. m. ; Sundays, 19 !->,. p-»»w* »,',, _« O i
0 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal.. 204*L?uth Dr< Eande 3 offices
Z\ Broadway; Portland. Or.. 253 Washington St.; are HOW at 702 Market' «
« Denver. Colo.. 931 Sixteenth st. ; Dallas. Tex.. Street, corner Geary. »
w 285 Main st. j^ ■ **
00 g-g «»» » » » « «'« : » » »»» » » » »»» » » » : » »-g
IN YAZOO CITY, MISSISSIPPI^
" I had been troubled with dyspepsia for over fifteen
years and the last five years suffered intensely. I had 1
tried quite a number of remedies, and though at times
they relieved my suffering they never cured me. About
four months ago I noticed the advertisement of Ripans
Tabules and bought some, and by using them as directed
they benefited me more than I expected. Soon I found : ■
that all signs of the disease had disappeared and that I V
was gaining =in weight right along, ■■ and to-day I can say
that I am thoroughly cured. I have gained in weight
seventeen pounds, increasing from 128 to 145 pounds."
yesterday. For these three shots on the
German twenty-five ring target were al
lowed to each member and the scores ana
order of winners were as follows:
F. Sander 'C, O. Damm»r 63, C. Michel 53 H.
Mi.hr 61, A. Mobes 50 C Wcegemann 41, H. Sel
berzahn 41, k. Kaiser 38, G. Hetzel 36, C.
Moritzen 31, J. Welz 25, H. Rederker 24, C.
Koehler 20, C Paul 19, H .F ranke IS, G.
Braun 16, H. RKzenthaler 14, F. Rehbers 13. 8.
Peters 10.
The regular monthly contest for class
medals gave each man twenty shots, 200
yards, German twenty-five ring target.
The best first shot in the morning, a
twenty-three, was made by C. Koehler,
and the best last, also a twenty-three,
was made by H. Mohr. Sanders made
the most centers— two.
This being the first of the monthly con
tests for this club for the season,' the
marksmen were not classified, but an
nexed are the scores:
G. Wolf 169, ' A Franke 215: L. Laub
scher 247, F. Kaiser 333, O. Dammer 275,
S. Peters 123, C. Sllberzahn 254. H. Mobes 184.
C. Maritzen 173, C. "Wegßemann 302, F. Reh
berg. 264, J. Bender 242, It. Schnutenhaus 159.
F. Miehle 304,- G. Hetzel 320, C. Sanders 225.
C.;K0h1er.229,:H. Mohr. 322.
;,' There was a good attendance of the
members of the First and and Second Di
visions of the Naval Militia out for their
monthly "class medal matches. Their
shooting was ten shots with the navy
musket at 200 yards on the Blunt target.
The scores were:
F. Sutton 37, T. Slmonoff 10, J. Taussalnt
12. J. Soher 14, J. Flack is, R. Coffins 34, H.
Honstain 21, W. Varcoe 2!'. »A. McCabe 36, S.
Vannier 13, W. Becker 25, J. Paris 22, G. Ham
mond 32, C. Bender 22 E. Bender 17. G. Kear
ney 31, Captain L. Dennis 31, J. B. Helm 25,
M. Firetscher 34 A. ■R. Roederick ■ 29, A.
Sehunhoff 23, A. Qulnalan 22, O. Anderson 10.
THE ITALIANS CELEBRATE.
Fiftieth Anniversary of Their Secur
ing Constitutional Rights.
Nearly all of the Italian colony was at
the picnic held yesterday at Shell Mound
Park, the occasion being the celebration
of the fiftieth anniversary of the conces
sion of the constitution to the Italian
free States. The outing was held under
the auspices of the Italian benevolent so
cieties and the Garibaldi Guard, of which
F. Zeiro is president and G. Ertola sec
retary. The celebration was begun by a
parade, headed by the guard, in which
about fifteen societies participated. The
parade was along Broadway, Dupont and
Filbert streets, Montgomery avenue,
Stockton, Pine, Montgomery and Market
streets to the ferries. In the carriages
wire Italian Consul-General F. Serra, F.
Calegaris, A. D. Splvalo and the presi
dent of the day, F. Cavagnaro. While the
early boats were well filled with the peo
ple from sunny Italy the later boats were
crowded. When the picnickers arrived
at the park they scattered out in all di
rections and spread their lunehts under
the trees. No time was lost alter get
ling things in shape in rushing to the
dance pavilion, where the majority en
joyed themselves until the shadows of
evening gave warning that it was time
for them to go home. In every particu
lar the affair was a success. In the even
ing the dancing was resumed in the hall
of the guard at 423 Broadway. The ex
cursion and ball was under the manage
ment of the following committees:
Gate committee — G. Danerl, M. Canepa, L.
Torre, P. Arata, G. Barbafjelata, A. L. Bacl
galupi, B. Ratto, S. Orc-Rhlno, L. Bruzzlone,
G. B. Torre, P. Perata, Ratto Giovanni, L.
Brichetto, Cordano Guis, G. L. Bacigalupi, G.
Pltto, N. Leverone.
Floor committee — G. Ertola, T. Delmont*. N.
F"! piano, G. E. CaKlieri. G. L.. Valente,
G. Pescia, G. lasoheri, O. Hiffnottl. C. Lago
marslno, F. Arata, S. Arata. N. Perata, G. B.
Cordano, E. Scodeletti. P. Delmnnte.
Wheel of Fortune committr-p— F. Delmonte.
Anton Figonp, G. Paneri, Anton Oelucchl. G.
B. Ortlno, A. Arnaboldl, G. Delmonte, E.
Ravezzanl, V. Perazzo.
Reception <-c,mmittee— G. Caleparis, O. F.
Fiißazzi. F. L,uehetti, P. Mm!, B. Ratto, B.
C'heli. V. Ravenna. G. Tanohort, G. Rocataslla
ta. G. Bisnotti, A. Francovlch, G. Folcia, S.
Cereghino, G. Demartlni, E. Torello, P.
Barbieri, A. Francovlch, ('. O. Fauda, P. Con-
Refreshment committee — L. Torre, A. Flg
one. A. Peluchi. D. Devensenxi, S. Delmonte,
G. Delmonte, P. Demaftel. G. Oasparl, A.
Olmo, <;. Marini, (',. R Sturla. D. Demattel,
V. K. Oiiappa, G- JBarbaselata.
Wardrobe commltte— '.}. Sbarboro, A. Car
bone.
Death of a Pioneer Woman.
NAPA, June s.— Mrs. Elizabeth True,
wife of Elijah True, aped 82 years, died
at her residence in this city last night.
She crossed the plains with her husband
in 1853, and came to Niipa County.
>—, .■ r-^wZJ~ '-—. — • " . ■ " >x • • "___ a __. :— — ■ : -rr— :
BARTLETT
"SPRINGS.
Spend your summer outing ther* and drink
from the famous
HEALTH = RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank. Mineral, Tub. Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE
Many Improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing. Tennis, Bowling, Billiards. Croquet.
Handball. Shuftleboard. Livery and Burro* tor
the children.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages. $10 to $15
per week; housekeeping cottages. $3 to $7 per
week.
Call or address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth st., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS. Lake County. CaL
Pamphlets mailed free.
A ISLAND!
SANTA CATALINA.
A field for health and pleasure without a
Counterpart In America or Europe. Most phe-
. nomenal rod and reel ' fishing In the world.'
Wild goat shooting. The great stage ride.
Delightful coast excursions. Novel out-door
sports. Music, da: nlng, pyrotechnics, water
carnival. •?<•
HOTEL METROPOLE
Always open; modern appointments: otflclent
management.
ISLAND VILLA
Open July L SPLENDID AttKANOEMKNT
for campers.
Full Information, rates and Illustrated pam-
phlet*.
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO .
„ 222 SOUTH SPRING .ST..
Los Angeles. Cal.
SARATOGAS!
,■ •. Lake County, Cnl, :: ; : ••■
■ Curative powers of springs and mineral baths
unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
! picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy
; of access; telephone connections and dally mall.
• Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTEN'S. Pro-
I prietor, or In San Francisco, 416 Pine street. F.
A. BUSSE. ' •-•-' - •
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County, Cal.
For rest, health and pleasure, fine waters
I and baths, cleanest accommodation and table,
I ParalsD stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
I at 613 Market St., S. F.. $S; trains leave daily
at Third and Townsend 9 a. m for Solcdarl.
For terms and free pamphlet address R.
ROBERTSON. .Manager. ■ -
01/ I PPP lIOT ISPKTNOS. Sonoma Co
An 11 11 Si A Only 4% hours from s - F - and
VIVnUUU but 9 miles' staging: waters
i noted lor medicinal virtues; best natural bath
| in State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain ■: scenery; excellent climate; good trout
! streams at door; photographers' room: tele-
| phone, telegraph, dally mail; FIRST-CLASS
! SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
: round trip from S. F. only $5 50: take Tlburon
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a
: day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of th*
| past throe years. J. F. MULGREW. Prop. ;
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful "watering place Is located In
j the midst of the Const Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
' plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
■ water, fine stone dining room; telephone con-
i nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
: good, trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. $10.
• JOHN BPAULDING. Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULPINQ. Manager.
On Howell . Mountain; elevation 1750 feet;
swimming tank 100x40; temperature of water
78 degrees; climate unsurpassed; chalybeate
and other springs; tennis, croquet, riding,
driving, $10 to $12 per week: two trains daily:
four hours from city. Telephone.
E. ANOWIN, Angwtn. Napa County. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing and health resort on the Coast.
For . particulars write to EDSON BROS., Bes-
wlck, Sisklyon County.. Cal. '
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious llrnata: pic-
turesque scenery; ; mountain ..walks; pur«
Fnrlng ' water: beautiful drives; pine groves;
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
those , who need to obtain comfort rest and
health culture In a short time. Address St.
Helena San'«arlum. St. Helena. Cal. . y,
CALAVERAS BIG TREES.
Stage ride shortened 24 miles by Sierra Rall-
wav to Jamestown. Fare S. F. to Calaveras
Big Trees a^d return $17. JAMES M. HUTCH-
INGS, Agent, 30 . Montgomery street. - ; ■
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful waters; all kinds of skin
diseases cured In marvelously short time; kid-
ney liver ■ catarrh, i rheumatism and stomach
troubles Immediately relieved rates $10 ;to $11
per week. ■ Long-distance telephone. Address
J. -A. : HATS. Proprietor. Lake County. , -
DUNCAN springs.
Two miles from i Hopland; unequaied soda
and magnesia springs: hot and cold baths: fur-
nished i-ottasces; terms «10 to-*i2 per week.
Telephone. Buy through tickets. O. HOWELL,
Proprietor. -Hopland. Cr.l. , :' .
JOHANNISBERG. :
Famous mountain health 7 and pleasure resort.
Elevation 1200 feet. . Relief for -.asthmatics.
Fishing, boating, hunting and ' swimming.
Terms, $7 to $10. Send for circular to
JOHANNISBERG RESORT. Napa. Cal.
"^ TOCALOMA. ■:•*&
BERTRAND HOTEL.
■; First - class accommodations; : reasonable
rates; fishing: beautiful drives to Bear Valley •
etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or 321 Kearny st.
DEER PARK INN
(Lake Tahoe), elevation 1 6507 feeet, opens June
1. : Fine accommodations. ,•■ Cottages . with . pri-
vate baths and ; open ' fires. Table unsurpassed, i
R. R. rates. ; $13 60 for ROUND 1 RIP. <- J. a.
LIBBT. ■ room 1. ■ Flood ■ building. San . Francisco.
LAKESIDE HOUSE, Lake Tahoe.
jf Good • cheer and home comforts, ii Best location
for driving to all points of Interest on or near
the ■ leke. -^ Boats ■ free to : guests. For circular ;
and , ttrrrs address P I B. ; SMITH . & CO., I Bijou *
Po tofflce. :i Cah /,:-., - .• -v , ,
The Klondike
For HEALTH,
PLEASURE and
RECREATION
» along SAN FRANCISCO and
of thT NORTH PACIFIC R'Y
. (The Picturesque Route of California.)
If you want to camp, pitch a tent near a
lovely lake, or on the bank of some beautiful
ptream, of which there are over ?00. well
stocked with trout.
If you want to drink health-giving waters
and enjoy social life, visit one cf our many
Mineral Spring Resorta
If you want to enjoy the 'on:e life of a J
ranch there are many ranchers who will be
glad to have you.
Camping grounds are free.
- At the Resorts and the homes of the ranchers
charges are reasonable. •
For detailed information apply at Ticket
Office. C5O Market st. (Chronicle building), or
at General Office. Mutual Life building, San-
some and California sts.
R. X. RYAN. General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER. President and General
Manager.
FREE CAMPING
All along the San Francisco and North Pa-
cific Railway, In Marln. Sonoma, Mendoclno
and Lake counties. ,
Special camps with' free wood on our Sonoma,
and Guernevllle branches. Mong Sonoma Creek
and Russian River. Fishing, boating, bathing.
Easy access to city. Low rates.' Supplies from
neighboring towns delivered daily at camps.
For detailed ' Information apply at Ticket
Office. 650 Market st. (Chronicle building), or at
General Office, Mutual Life building. Sansome
and California sts.
R. X. RYAN, Genera! Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER. President and General Man-
ager.
gi[ROY~HOT "SPRINGS.
Under new management.
MECCA *f?
For the annual seeKer after
Repose and recuperation.
Only three and a half hours from San Francisco.
Stage connects with the 2:45 p. m. train »
From Third and Townsend streets.
PIERRE CARRERE, Manager,
Formerly proprietor of the Maison Tortoni and Poodle Dog
HOTEL
METROPOLE,
•p ■'■'*/%* OAKLAND,
J^k^ffk^xL l 3th and Jefferson Sts.
*2^tsi§S9E ' ■ Only 35 minutes I
SSp^vir^^lP f r om San Fran "
iViMlip&m A desirable resort for
llggESsSy Families, Travelers
and Tourists.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table. Clean beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckee in the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest. The ideal spot for families because It is
clean no poison oak. no pests. And pure air
and pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM-
ONS, Virginia City, pefore June 1. when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public.
7sl^&-#* ft No sta S* n S t 0 set there.
/■^ilJlyl no to mosquitoes cr
/"LiLIIIA winds when you are
"*■ there. Table unsurpassed.
Rates no. $12. $14 a week.
SV • Round trio tickets $7. W.
W't«-tf«4ft|VO L- Mitchell, Manager:
i lt if IBll'^ £ v Owen, Agent, Call
kj |/JL UltLiJ Building.
77 W fiftfll) I Ilfir And • rood ■ 'treat- :
// Yft'UUUll LUWJV ment RO hand In
AW IB hand at HOTEL GISELMAN.
Riii m ' Lakeport. Cal. And good treat-
UUUU LSJWIV tnent go hand In
hand at HOTEL GISELMAJN.
Lakeport. Cal.
A. H. SPURR, Proprietor.
TUSCAN SPRINGS, ?
Tehama County. By. rail to Red Bluff. 13}
miles; fare. |6 45; dally stage to springs, 9
miles; fare, $1; elevation 1000 feet; 20 furnished
cottages for rent, accommodations at hotel for
100 people; telephone, ' telegraph and " postofflc*
In hotel ;i rates, $10 and up: rend for book ot
information and testimonials. ED. B. WAL-
BRIDGE. Proprietor.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero, on stags line
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk: free - conveyance for parties of two or
more: grand . ted wood . scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER, Sea view, • Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front St.. S. F.. for par-
ticulars.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS HOTEL.
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F.. via rib-
uron ferry. ,' Warm mineral : swimming and tub
baths. - Hotel completely remodeled and refur-
nished. Water, gas. electric bells. rtr\te» $10 to
$12 per week, $2 per day. Address AGUA CALI-
ENTE SPRINGS. Callente. Sonoma Co..
HOTEL BENVENUE,
-, Lnkeport, Cal.
, Situated on the shore of Clear Lake; fln«
; large grounds; special facilities for families
anil children; home cooking;' boating, bathing,"
fishing: : rates ' reasonable. Address FRANK
SCALES and. A. IS. SCALES. -
SODA BAY RESORT.
Most delightful spot In • Lake County ; hunt-
Ing, fishing, boating, swimming; table sup-
plied with best market affords. Address HEATH
& BURLINGAME, Proprietors. Soda Bay.
Kelseyville. Lake ■ County. » Cal.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
: bantu ! Cruz : Mountains, : first-class family re-
•ort:' cottages, tents, hunting and fishing; ar-
tificial lake for boating and swimming;' long
, distance telephone; ■' campers' * return tickets
12 60. ' Send : for circular to J. H. HAESTER3.
Glenwood. Cal.' 1 .. . ■ • . ...« \\.: : .:i
El Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES. CALIFORNIA.
Otto E. Never Proprletoe
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED J.
MANAGEMENT. >
rfe^a^miWrnlwKTiTpTßr^^»f#fr'in^l
i GREATEST HEALTH~AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST. .
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS,
SODA SPRINO3.
IRON SPRINGS,
NEW HOTEL AND COTTAGES.
PAID ORCHESTRA.
For Information call or write W. M. COW-
ARD. 11 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
■LAI SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOR
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAIi
springs In America; all Mnds of amuse-
ments; new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
ing alley First-class accommodations: rates
i reasonable. . Write for illustrated pamphlsta.
San Francisco office. 316 Montgomery street.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County. 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel " an enchanting .
embowered home. , Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc
NATURAL dTEAM AND MINERAL BATHS-
Tepid Swimming — ake. Long-distance Tel»%
phone. Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.'
Terms, $10 and $15 per week: $2 and $2 50 per
day. R. M. HORTON. Proprietor.
ROWARDENNAN.
Santa Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo River.
2 hours from S. F., 40 : minutes from Santa
Cruz; grounds and river lit by electric lights: .
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishing; .
finest hall and dining-room In Santa Crua
Mts.; club, billiard and smoking rooms. New,
hard finished and elegantly furnished.. Tele-
phone and telegraph service. Round trip, 13.
Address THOMAS "L. BELL, Prop.. South Bea
Lomond.
BEN LOMOND.
Private boarding at "Avoca." Terms $7 per
week. Address MRS. J. J. JOHNSON, Bea
Lomond, Cal. -
MAGNETIC SPRINGS,
Situated in the heart of ihe redwoods, 4
miles from Glenwood, county 'of Santa Cms.
Magnificent mountain -xenery; »v ovation 1900 •
feet. Springs especially adapted for rheuma-
tism. Climate unsurpassed for pulmonary
troubles. Terms $7 and up. Hunting, fishing,
lawn tennis, bowling alley, billiards, piano, .
etc. Cottage* for families. . Stage fare, 50c. '
over a mountain boulevard, where the nicest
scenery Is to be seen of this and other counties.
Address 'L. PERHACS. Glenwood.
o/\^"a j A r"&irv springs.
HOWARD putah p. o ■
IIV/ TT LAKECOUNfY
Accommodations unsurpassed; i"-- ;
Rates. $8 $10 and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postofflce and telephone. •,
■, Round trip. $10. Southern Pacific office. 611
Market street.
Address MRS. R. J. BEEBT.
CARLSBAD
MOST BEAUTIFUL BPOX IK LAKE COUJTTT.
The Mineral Springs are well known for mar-
velous cures when everything else failed, es-
pecially in cases of STOMACH. LIVER. KID-
NEY and BLADDER affections. New hotel;
superior accommodations; $S to $10 per we^k;
roads excellent; good trout fishing and deer
huntlnr on property. For particulars -/Tits W.
R. McGOVKRN. Carlsbad. Lake County.
HOTEL DE REDWOOD
In the Heart of the Santa Cruz Mountains, i.
Improved Table Service. Reasonable Rate* 4
For Particulars Apply to
: . M. S. COX, Laurel Postofflca.
PARKER VINEYARD RANCH.
• Natural attractions without limit. Pleasant
walks through shady canyons. Hunting and
fishing. Table supplied with fresh vegetables,
fruits, butter, milk and eggs. A delightful
country home. Free conveyance at depot. $7
per week. JOHN D. WINTER. Cloverdale. Cat.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure;
new dining-room. 130 ft. lake frontage; . new"
stable and livery: boating and bathing 'ree:
$8 to $14 per week; round trip. $9 60. H. WAM-
BOLD. Prop.. Bertha P. P.. Lake County. Cal.
MONTE VISTA,
Sierra Nevada Mountains. Sixteen rooms added.
Fine table. All kinds of mountain fruit, fresh
vegetables, pure milk and cream. Springs o£
pure soft spring water. Illustrated circular.
THOMAS E. MORGAN. Monte Vista, Dutch
Flat, Placer County, Cal. ■ <
BURLINGAME.
(San Mateo County.)
ju^rag* for reBt a i n R d vComfH^rlran>v C0 mf H^rlr an>
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS,
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation. 600» feeV.
Daily mall. Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June 1. Address OOUI*-
DEN & JACOBS. Dormer. Placer Co., • Cal.
LE TRIANON HOTEL.
Reopened. New management. Beautifully
situated on Upper Blue Lake. Laka Co., CaU
Leave S. F. 7 a. m.. arrive Trianon 5 p. m.
Fishing, hunting, boating and bathing. Supe-
rior table. Chict n dinners Sunday Wednesday
and Friday. Ter. >. %1 to $10 rer week.
W. S. PHILLIPS. Bertha P. P.. Lake Co.. CaL
WRITE W. H. MILLEK. I'Uah. 'or livery ac-
commodations to springs In Lake and Men-
doclno counties to save money. _
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free. " •.'.'•'- ■■■ ' : ■■
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and . specific; tonlaja
for the sexual and ' urinary organs of both"
sexes,- and a great remedy ; for ■ diseases of to* *
kidneys and .- bladder. .' A - great Restorative
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its owa
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, . ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
I 123 Market '■ Street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.*ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
TIME FOR
A THOUGHT
OF OTHERS
All Republicans Are
Not Seeking Office.
PRINCIPLES AT STAKE
THE PARTY NOT ANXIOUS FOR
A REPETITION OF '94.
A Few Who Would Seek Self-Glory
at Any Price Need to Be Sub
jected to Discipl
ine.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 5.
It Is now in order for the Republican
party of Alameda County to make itself
heard. There are about two months yet
to elapse before the delegates will be
elected to a State convention, and in the
meantime Alameda Republicans should
make up their minds regarding what they
want and the most practical way to ob
tain it. There are some who would fain
believe that the party has already done
considerable campaigning. This is a de
lusion. The party that gave the boasted
majority for McKinley and saved this
State to the Republicans is not composed
of about 100 office-seekers whose inter
est in politics is purely personal. It re
quired nearly 13,000 Republican votes to
give McKinley that 5000 majority, and of
this great number not more than a cou
ple of hundred have moved a finger.
Every effort has been made to create an
impression in the rest of the State that
this county is lying awake o' nights plan
ning how to make Jones a Governor or
Robinson a Constable.
This is not true. Candidates for office
in nearly every ward have aroused some
Interest, and their friends have come for
ward to some extent, but the meeting last
Friday night was evidence that the great
body of Republicans are not yet ready to
express their preference. No band will bo
required to fill a moderate sized hall when
the Republican campaign is really on.
When George Knight, or General Barnes
or Mr. Schoonmaker ascended the plat
form at the Tabernacle two years ago
the immense building was packed. Why?
Because the Republican party in Alameda
County \Vas aroused and at work. The
great benefits that were considered to be
necessary then are a hundred fold more
necessary now.
What effect will it have upon the na
history twenty years hence, wheth
er I>r. Pardee or Mr. Davis or neither of
them be Governor of California when the
century closes? It is right to take pride
live political warfare, but the prin
ciples of the great party are of infinitely
more importance thai* the ambitions of
individuals. Yet it would seem that the
zt'iilousness of a few who have much,
politically, at stake, has almost reached
the danger line, and office-seeking is sup
planting party-building.
An intelligent review of the situation
seems to indicate that Alameda County
began her fight for obtaining the Gov
ernorship from xhf wrong end. Instead
of the twelve thousand Republicans be
ing consulted as to who should represent
them candidates were placed before the
twelve thousand Republicans, and so far
lioice has been made. I have no
hesitation in saying that either of the
two men would make a good Governor.
The fault of the present deadlock is due
in the fact that the party did not name
either man, and before It was aware oi
had been done two standards were
I and it has been war to the knilo
ever ill
To state that Alameda County has yet
shown any positive preference is as un
true a.« it is absurd. This county is hard
to Judp-. A few years ago there was a
very lively primary for the delegates to
nominate a Congressman. Judge Frlck
and Congressman Hilborn were the op
g parties. Frick's forces were well
organized. He had a. majority of the
County Central Committee with him and
on the eve of the primary it wag thought
lie had the fight won. Everybody knows
liiav it resulted. Frick got a compli
mentary vote in the convention and Hil
borr. went to Congress. The same un
certainty prevails to-day.
One of the most significant features in
the major contest In this county is the
part being taken by those politicians who
do business at the county buildings. They
are all at work and are desperately in
earnest. Whether they are helping the
iiiran cause it is too early to pre
dict. Four years ago many of this same
element attempted to put through a pro-i
gramme. The party refused to accept
ft and the Republican candidates for
County Assessor, Sheriff and Treasurer
were beaten at the polls. Should the
rulo-or-ruin policy of the few, which has
already been inaugurated, not be rebuked
at the primaries, Alameda's county gov
ernment, in spite of her Republican ma
jority, may be entirely lost to the party
It is no secret that the men who were
responsible for the Republican defeat of
1894 were subject to the political powers
of the corporations in this county, it
Is no secret that these same agisnr-i,-. s
are again at work, and that their influ
ence is being felt In the light for tlio
Gubernatorial nomination. However, they
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
(UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF H. LIEBES & CO.),
3 5 Years in th© Alaska Trade.
THE ELEGANT STEEL STEAMSHIP
LEELANAW,
Rating Al— loo Lloyds,
Will Sail From Howard
Wharf No. 2 *
JUNE 11, 18Q8,
DIRECT TO
ST.
Connecting With Our River Fleet,
LINDA, ARNOLD, LEON, HERMAN, CUB, BEAR, FOX,
LYNX, SEAL, OTTER, MINK,
FOR
DAWSON CITY
AND POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
Our boats are the most powerful now in Alaska and ready for prompt dis-
patch.
No delays. Quick connections. No towing from San Francisco. Beat
service en route. Comfortable quarters. Courteous treatment.
Owning our own wharves, lighters, towboat, warehouses and hotel at St.
Michael.
Merchandise orders or letters of credit on our various stations oa the Yu-
kon River. No fee charged to passengers.
For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply to
GENERAL TICKET AND FREIGHT OFFICE,
LIEBES BUILDING. 139 POST STREET.
cut but a very small figure In the twelve
thousand Republicans of the entire
county, and it is very likely that when
the issues are understood there may be
some surprises at the primaries.
Oakland has passed through another ex
perience with a Grand Jury, and it Is so
similar to that of past years as to be
tedious. Assuredly, one good result has
been attained. The people have been 'edu
cated up to the point of being suspicious,
and that is worth something. Although
Harry Thomas is acquitted, it would have
been more satisfactory to the people if
the case had been tried on Its merits, for
then much that has been told in rumors
and whispers would have to be sworn
to or contradicted by silence. But the
desire of the public cuts no figure in law,
and the incident is closed.
A newspaper published in the Interior
of the county must have blushed last
week, when it humbly whispered that one
of the county nominations on the Repub
lican ticket should go into the county.
Of course it should, and if the township
delegations go about it properly they can
have more than one. It has long been
noticeable that the press of the interior
towns is altogether too reticent regarding
politics. It has proved that it can raise
a big cash bonus for a cannery at^ San
Leandro; can induce a Y. M. I. State
gathering to go to Haywards. and can
achieve similar feats, yet it takes a de
light in ignoring the political Interests of
the respective districts. The interior
deserves its share of the ticket, and can
get it by demanding and working for It.
Scene— Courthouse: Time— Any time for
four years past:
"Who is the Republican party of Ala
meda County?"
Seven voices In unison — "Me."
When Ben Woolner made his speech be
fore the Young Men's Republican Club |
he astonished some of his listeners by i
stating that he had strayed from the I
right path two years ago, and had served
an apprenticeship with the Populists. !
Ben must have been a very quiet Popu- j
list, for his apostasy was known to but j
few. He made his apology, which was j
unnecessary, for sincere searchers after |
truth always merit respect, and he is
now wiser for having transgressed. Mr.
Woolnf-r is, however, but one of many,
for the prodigals are gradually coming
home to rest, and many are now praying
for the conversion of their partner, "Hon
est Gib"— Judge E. M. Gibson, In the
directory.
STUART W. BOOTH.
TRAGIC DEATH OF AN
OAKLAND HUNTER
J. L. LEGATXLT KILLED BY HIS
OWN GUN.
It Was Evidently Discharged as He \
Dragged it Through a Fence.
Another Tragedy.
OAKLAND, June s.— While dragging a
gun through a fence, J. L. Legault was
killed this afternoon In Contra Costa
County. The accident was one of the
most frightful of gun accidents, and both
barrels were discharged close to the un
j fortunate man's head, blowing it to pieces.
| J. L. Legault was a brother of Dr. J. \V.
Legault, one of the best known physicians
of this city. He kept a grocery store on
Adeline street, in North Oakland, and has
been in business there for many years.
The body of J. L. Legault was discov
ered by George F. Neece and M. A. Whid
den this afternoon about a mile and a
half this Bide of Lafayette. The entire
face was torn away, and the brains lay
scattered all over the surroundings, while
twenty feet away was found a large piece
of the skull.
Neece and Whidden were returning from i
Mt. Diablo. They were driving along the
road when they noticed a gun and a man's
hat lying alongside the fence in the road.
When they drew nearer the body was
seen on the inside of the fence. Mr. Whid
den investigated and found that it was
Legault. with whom he was well ac
quainted.
"I never saw such a sight," said Whid
den to-night on his arrival at home. "The
head was split wide open and lay face
down on the back of his hands. The
ground was spattered with brains, while
there was blood everywhere. The gun i
was covered with blood, and lay parallel
with the fence. Poor Joe, he must have
attempted to pull the gun through the
fence, when it exploded. The body lay on
Jihe property of a Mrs. Carroll, whom we
notified without touching it. I dropped a
sack over his head to keep the flies off
She sent a son to Lafayette to telephone
to the Coroner at Martinez."
Mr. Legault was but recently acquitted
on a charge of arson. A year ago his
store, at the corner of Thirty-fourth and
Adeline streets, was discovered on fire
The police claimed to have seen him in
the store by the glare of the light, and
when they went around to the back part
Of the place to awaken him they found
Legault in bed partly dressed with his
Fhoes on. The fire was extinguished, but
Legault was arrested and had to stand
trial. The jury acquitted him.
Legault left home this morning at 7
o'clock and called at his brother's house
to ask his brother to water his horse at
noon He said he was going hunting for
the day. !No one suspects him of com
mitting suicide, as there was no known
reason for such an act.
"There is no doubt the affair was purely
accidental," said Dr. Legault to-night
"My brother went out this morning with
a party to hunt In the hills near Lafayette
and ho was probably following something
when the nccfdent occurred. He was evi
dently dragging his gun through the
fence alongside of which he was found
and it exploded. He was alone at the
time. The affair must have been acci
dental, for there cannot possibly be any
other solution of the mystery."
J. L. Legault was a single man. about
2T. years of age. He has live.d in this city
many years and has always been con
sidered a successful business man. The
remains were taken in charge by the
Coroner of Contra Costa County.
Another case of death by a gunshot
wound was discovered to-night Just be
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 6, 18f8.
fore dark In Diamond Creek, about a mile
and a half above Diamond. The body
had evidently laid out for nearly two
weeks and was so badly decomposed that
it was handled with difficulty. The face
was gone all but the teeth. There is not
the least thing about the person or
clothing by which to identify it. There
was a black diagonal cutaway coat, light
blue vest and trousers and a new pair of
gaiter shoes. Deputy Coroner Henry
Quellin, who brought the remains in, be
lieves from the surroundings that the
body had rolled down a steep embank
ment and been stopped by a tree. Near
it lay a double-barreled shotgun. One
barrel had been fired, while the other bar
rel was cocked. The gun was a 12-bore
and badly rusted, and nothing on it to
indicate the owner.
CAME HOME TO DIE.
Charles Purcell, Foreman of the
Crockett Sugar Beflnery, Strick
en "With Apoplexy.
OAKLAND, June s.— The family of
Charles Purcell, who had looked forward
all week to his presence with them to
day, were greatly shocked at his sudden
death at 7:30 o'clock this morning from
a stroke of apoplexy. The deceased had
arisen and was walking across the room
to get a drink when he was stricken down
and died before assistance reached him.
Mr. Purcell was employed as foreman at
the Crockett sugar refinery, and came
home last evening to spend the day with
his family, expecting to return to-day.
He had been feeling as well as usual, and
his death comes as a great shock to the
family.
Deceased was a native of Ireland, 65
years and 6 months of age, and had re
sided in this State twenty-five years, the
greater part of the time right In this city.
Besides the widow, Margaret E. Purcell,
he leaves a large family, consisting of
seven daughters and three sons. One of
the boys recently enlisted and Is In the
Montana regiment at Camp Merrltt, ready
to leave for Manila this week.
The children are Mrs. A. I. McCourt
ney, Mrs. Fred Lillenthal and the Misses
Florence, Ruth, Gussle, Fannie and
Maggie and William John and Robert.
The funeral will be held Tuesday after
noon.
WORKED ALL SUNDAY.
Increased Interest and Activity in
Sending Supplies to the Soldiers.
BERKELEY, June 6.— From early
morning until late this evening the ladies
: of the Berkeley branch of the Red Cross
: Society stayed at their headquarters in
the Hinkel block, plying their needles and
tying up bandages. The long tables with
which the room is furnished were crowded
all day with women getting ready the
1 things which are to be sent to San Fran
, cisco for the soldiers. People stayed away
i from the churches, both morning and
evening, in order that the work might be
carried on. A large packing-box filled
with 600 abdominal bandages stands in
• the room ready to be shipped to-morrow
i morning. Fifteen bundles of books and
! magazines, together with several hun
dred sterilized finger bandages, will be
i ready to go with it.
The name of the chairman of the re
: lief committee, which was mentioned in
: yesterday's Call, was announced to-day.
Miss Edith Brockway of Bushnell place
; has consented to undertake the task of
finding relief for families left destitute by
soldiers who have gone to the front. The.
other members of the committee will be
appointed later by the chairman.
Several of the Red Cross ladies have
been taking subscriptions for the hospital
' ship which is to be given to the Govern
ment by the Red Cross workers of the
coast. Up to this evening they have suc
ceeded in collecting $600 for this purpose.
Contributions are received at head
quarters. A list of donations, together
with the names of donors, is being made,
which will be published to-morrow.
The school children are showing a very
active Interest in collecting books and
money. A committee from the senior
class just graduated from the Berkeley
High School sent a letter to-day to Mrs.
C. R. Greenleaf, president of the Red
Cross work in Berkeley, offering to re
peat "Esmeralda" for the benefit of the
society'B funds. The offer was accepted.
'■ "Esmeralda," a play written by Mrs.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, was performed
by members of the class on the evening
of their class day exercises last Tuesday.
It will be repeated next Wednesday even
ing in Shattuek Hall, the price of admis
i sion being 25 cents.
EACES ON THE ESTUARY.
Alameda Boating Club Has Its An-
nual Championship Matches.
ALAMEDA, June s.— The Alameda Boat
ing Club had its anpUdi championship
medal races to-day. The weather was
fine for rowing and the attendance was
large.
The various events were as follows:
First race, Junior skiff— John Lewis s,nd E.
M. Hunter starters. Lewis won in 12 mln.
22 4-5 sec.
Second race, outrigger skiff, senior class — E.
B. Hadcock and J. C. Stamer starters. Stam
er won in 12 mm. 50 1-5 sec.
Third race, outrigppr skiff. Junior class— W.
G. Hanson and Atwell Webb starters. Han
sen won in 12 mm. 29 2-5 sec.
Fourth race, outrigger skiff, senior class—
C. G. Ayer and F. W. Ayer starters. F. W.
Ayer won in 12 mln. 1 3-5 HC,
Fifth race, outrigger skiff. Junior class, final
— W. G. Hansen and John Lewis starters.
Lewis won in 12 mln. 34 3-5 sec.
Sixth race, outrigger skiff, senior class, final
— F. W. Ayer and C. G. Ayer starters. F. W.
Ayer won in 12 m'.n. 37 4-5 sec.
F. W. Ayer of the senior class was
awarded the gold medal and Chester G.
Ayer the sliver medal.
In the junior class John Lewis was
awarded the gold medal and W. G. Han
sen the silver. The winners are to rep
resent the club. In the El Campo regatta
on June 26.
W. D. Ayer acted as referee to-day;
David Greenleaf, timer; W. J. Brown,
C W. Knowle and George H. Miller,
Judges; W. B. Hinchman, starter.
CRICKET GAME.
The Alamedn. and Pacific Clubs Have
a Lively Match.
ALAMEDA. June s.— There was a lively
game of cricket this afternoon at the
West Alameda grounds between the Pa
cific and Alameda teams. The attend
ance was large and the play good, though
the weather was very warm. At the close
of the day's sport the score stood: i'a
clfic 166; Alar.ieda, three out for 74. The
match will lie continued next Sunday.
The teams were composed as follows:
Pacific— X. F. Musson (captain). J. J. Theo
bald George Theobald, J. H. Harbour. Fane
Sewell H. C. Casldy, W. McKae, E. McLaln,
A Dickinson. T. W. O. Wallace. John Myers,
Cecil Townsley; reserve, C. B. Hill.
Alameda- R. B. Ho*ue (captain), J. J. Mo
rey J H Spiro, G. B. Wine, J. J. R. Peel,
George Croll. J. V. Croll, F. C. Drlffleld, A.
Price, H. Bird. J. H. Saunders; reserves— V.
Beebe'ck, C. Banner and ,7. H. Hawkins.
Death of E. F. Messuer.
ALAMEDA. June s.— Eugene F. Mess
ner of 2236 Railroad avenue. Alameda.
died to-day at St. Joseph's Home, Park
Hill, San Francisco, where he had been
for some time. He was 29 years of age
and unmarried. His funeral will take
place to-morrow from his late residence
and the interment will be at St. Mary's
Cemetery in Oakland.
Thomas-Hagy Wedding.
ALAMEDA, June 5.— E. P. Thomas of
Oakland and Miss Lottie Hagy, daughter
of Mrs. A. Hagy of this city, were mar
ried yesterday afternoon at the First
Methodist Church In Oakland by Rev. E.
R. Dllle.
THE PROHIBITIONISTS.
They Will Open Their Convention in
Fresno on Wednesday.
The Prohibitionists of California will
open their campaign this year by holding
their regular convention in the city of
Fresno on June 8 and 9. Full delegations
are expected from every county in th»
State.
Oreat preparations have been made by
the Fresno County Prohibitionists to give
their visitors a rousing reception. One
and one-t!iird fares have been allowed by
all the transportation companies, and
some counties will attend in special cars.
The twenty-seven delegates from San
Francisco will be led by Samuel Fear,
the indefatigable chairman of the county
committee.
GREAT COURSING
AT UNION PARK
Favorites Lose Heavily
In the First Round.
CRACK DOGS WELL MATCHED.
HOUNDS BAN WELL TO THE DE
LIGHT OF THOUSANDS.
The Talent Had the Best of the Day
After the First Sweeping
Victories of the
Shorts.
Thousands attended the coursing at
Union Coursing Park yesterday. The bet
ting was lively from the start owing to
the fact that a number of crack dogs,
evenly matched, had been entered. The
day was perfect and the excitement
throughout intense.
In the first round yesterday, which was
the second of the course, the talent met
with severe disappointment, but after that
the favorites won. During the first round
the short end followers had a holiday,
and many a walkover. In the first two
courses three to one shots won. Miller's
Maid beat Sylvanus, and Benicia Boy
beat Move On. The talent also had a
little upset when Johnny R beat Tod
Sloan, the winner showing great speed
and good work. Again the stake favorite,
Theron, was defeated by a Sacramento
dog, Mercury, at odds of 6 to 2. Theron
was unfortunate in the first course, as
Mercury was unsighted. As Theron had
tired himself it was called "no course."
Laurelwood also beat Royal Buck at 6
to 2.
The final round was one of th« most
exciting of the day, as Rusty Gold and
Laurelwood tied. In the next run Rusty
Gold was an easy winner. The following
is the score of the day:
Second round— Curtis & Son's Miller's Maid
beat Pembroke Kennel's Sylvanus; P. Brophy's
Benicia Boy beat J. J. Edmonds' Move On:
E. V. Sullivan's Jester beat J. J. Edmonds'
Forget: R. B. Kay's Crosspatch beat E. V. Sul
livan's Mercy May; E. V. Sullivan's Royal
Buck beat J. MrCormack's White Lily; Curtis
& Son's Vanity Fair beat D. J. Healy's Wave;
F. C. Mack's Blank Patti beat Pasha Kennel's
Arapahoe; S. E. Portal's Laurelwood II beat F.
Jones' Do Me; F. J. Mclnerny's Johnnie R.
beat A. Johnson's Tod Sloan; D. J. Healy's
Rusty Gold beat Larkey & Rock's Hercules;
E. V. Sullivan's Skyball beat M. Nealon's Vai,
Knapp; J. Seggerson's White Chief beat James
Cox's Mission Tip; J. S. Haurahan's Mercury
beat Georse Whitney's Theron: E. Scott's Lord
Byron beat T. J. Cronin's Magnet: Lowe &
Thompson's Victor beat C. Strehl's Star Point
er; J. J. Warren's Sweet Lips beat C. F. In
gersoll's Glenwood.
Third round— Benicia Boy beat Miller's Maid;
Jester beat Crosspatch; Royal Buck beat Van
ity Fair; Laurelwood bent Black Pattl; Rusty
Gold beat Johnny R. ; Skyball beat White Chief;
I/Ord Byron beat Mercury; Sweet Lips beat
Victor.
Fourth round — Jester beat Benlcia Boy; Lau
relwood beat Royal Buck; Rusty Gold beat
Bkyball; Lord Byron beat Sweet Lips.
Fifth round— Laurelwood beat Jester; Rusty
Gold beat Lord Byron.
Final— Rusty Gold beat Laurelwood.
LOS ANGELES COURSING.
Great Sport at the Southern
City.
LOS ANGEIJES, June &.— The weatner
was pretty warm for coursing 10-Qay,
but there was a pretty good crowd at
Agricultural Park just the same. The
hares ran well and the dogs were good.
Run-off— Portia beat Palsy C. : Doncaster
beat Reliance after a tie; Juanlta beat Her
cules: Lady Wallace beat Olympta; Snooze
beat A. B. C. a bye; Van Brulle beat Fair
Rosaline; Crow Dog beat Orpheum Lass; Stel
la beat Don Orsnl; Orpheum Prince beat
Bright; Breach of Promise beat Dan C. : Van
Tralle beat Matinee; Ormonde beat Ouifla; A.
B. C. beat Romeo; Santa Ana Boy beat Sham
rock Lass; Zephyr beat Uncle Sam (Rowdy);
Grazer beat Trip.
First ties— Doncaster beat Portia; Lady Wal
lace beat Juanlta; Snooze beat Van Brulle
after a tie; Crow Dog beat Stella; Breach of
Promise beat Orpheum Prince after a tie; Van
Tralle beat Ormonde; A. B. C. beat Santa Ana
Boy; Grazer beat Zephyr.
Second ties — Lady Wallace beat Doneaster;
Romeo beat Snooze a bye; Broach of Promise
beat Van Tralle; Grazer beat A./B. C.
Third ties— Lady Wallace beat Snooze; Or
monde beat Grazer a bye.
Finals— Lady Wallace beat Grazer, with
Grazer second. Breach of Promise third; the
rest divided.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
BALDWIN HOTEL.
S Dugdale. S Mateo O Meyer, Fresno
O W Conner, Wash .1 Hansen & w Sacto
M E Conner, Wash J 0 Maspey, Wyo
E P Molme, Cal J Raymond & w V T
W P Moffet. Dakota T It Wells. N V
Mis? famphDll. S Jose F Rich. N V
M Atkinson, St Lake F Rurham, N V
C J Elliot, St Lake Miss Bet hard. N V
J B Kcrr. St Lake \V M Wheeler, Butte
B Thompson. Cal Mrs Field, Cloverdala
X Burner*, Columbia F Rnthenbusch, Stkn
Q Sisson. Panama F H Pray, Stockton
W T Farrar, Alameda X Hartley, Stockton
J \V lluirhes, Sacto E C Jones, L Anp
\V D Kniphts. Facto J Bathelmer. London
I F Tldball. USA J Chamberlain, Englnd
I M Silverthan. N V I
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs Warring, S Jose H Watklns, St Lak*
L Washburn. S Jose C Baker, Sacto
E Westgate. R Vista \V Swain. Marysvllle
L R Flint. Cal L 8.-lggs. Sascinaw
J Halsey & w, Arizona C BHkks, Suglnaw
J M Smith. Oakland S Hurst. Vailejo
E C Gott. Cal Q Nehrhood, S Barb
! T Knewlng. Oakdalo I) Campbell, Chicago
< H McQueen. Palo Alto J Dlckaon&w, Texas
I J M Green, 8 Cruz W Grant. S Rafael
H C Cutting. Carson C T Tulloch. Cal
D Mahoney&w. S Jose J A Cooper, Uklah
E Elliott. St Lake
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G A Woodman. Denver C Bryant, Goschen
C J Gilbert, Sacto J D O'Brien. Monterey
Q A Ramage, S Jose M Van Dom. L Gatos
F H Rlpson, N V I Furnlss. Sausalito
W Ripson & W, NY P Ktnn, Sacto
J Mulroy. Petflluma Miss Harney, Trucke*
P Stanton, St Lake E J D.-iwson. Angels
C Dwyer, Ogden W Both well, Eureka
W '"'.rllnc p '". Denver G G Folsler, Seattle
J Barnard. S Barbara W H Mathews. Portld
F W, PoTpe. Visalla
PALACE HOTEL.
J S Wile, U S N G W Crawford, Ptbt
F V Greene. USA Mrs G Bowler, N V
W A Wadsworth & 8. Miss Hunt. N V
USA 1» Vi'iicox. N V
Lieut aßtes. USA E Sendelbach, Chiro
O H Penro»e, U 8 A H M Gorham. Cal
Miss Hubbard. Wafh E Wlnshlp, U S N
H Heasley. Plttshurg
EXPLANATION.
Th arrow files with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate minimum temperature
for the days; those underneath It, if any, the
amount of rainfall or ot melted snow In inches
and hundredths during the last twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Im
probable. With a "high" In the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather nicy be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
THIB CALL CALENDAR.
June, ISJS.
Moon's Phases.
T
I
16
4
n
v
25
/Csv *'ull Mooa.
vS/' : ?T June 4.
Last Quarter,
Juno ia
New Moon,
W June 18.
16
B
30
a
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit ot
mariners without .regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete rets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The tlmeball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island, Cal.
A notice statinp whether the tlmeball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If any. Is
published the same day by the afternoon papers
and by the morning: papers the following day.
C. P. WELCH. Ensign, U. S. N.. In charge.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jun« 6, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
reported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
In California:
Eureka, 74; Sacramento, H; Fresno, 98; In
dependence, S2; San IMego. 82; Red Bluff. 96;
San Francisco, 80; San Luis Oblspo, 98; Los
Angeles, 94; Tumi, 100.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
80; minimum, 61: mean, 70.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
An area of high pressure lies over Utah,
Wyoming, Idaho and northward to the Brit
ish possessions. An area of moderately low
pressure extends from the Sacramento Valley
northward into Oregon. There has been a gen
eral fall In pressure over the northern half of
the Pacific Slope during the past 24 hours.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary over the country west of the Rocky
Mountains except along the northern coast of
California, where it has fallen. At San Fran
cisco the temperature has fallen 18 decrees.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Tatoosh Island. 32 miles per hour
from the east; Fort Canby, 30 northeast; Port
land, 28 northeast; El Paso, IS east.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, June C. 1898:
Northern California— Cloudy Monday, with
light fop along the coast In the morning; cooler
in the interior; southerly wind, changing to
fresh westerly.
Southern California— Fair Monday; cooler
along the coast; fresh westerly wind.
Nevada — Fair Monday.
Utah— Fair Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Monday,
■with light fog In the morning; fresh westerly
wind.
Mount Tamalpals— Clear; wind west, 24 miles;
temperature, 76; maximum. 79.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Tlmeß and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE.— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street ivharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Port Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
JUNE— IS'JS.
Monday, June 8.
snn riae* - ' 4:47
Sun set* 7:29
Moon rises ~. 9:48 p. m.
I Time | Feet | Time I
IL W H ffi
'I. w!
H W
H W| L W|
0:18| 5 9 7:3.'.,
1:171 ».h 8:25
2:241 5.1 . 9: lf.
3:39 : 4.81 10:08
5:01 4.1 11:06
i. ill *.9 n:.j
L W| H Wl
7:3-', — 1.1 8:(Xfl
B :2s -0.7 8:47
9:1« -Oil 4:53
10:08 0.51 J:l9
11:0*5 1.1 ( 6:01
3.3,
L W
4.7 7:27
49| 8:40
60! 9:89
5.21 11:18
5.3|......
1....
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are griven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as .o time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or richt hand column t'lves the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Purvey charts, except
when a nilnu slsn (— ) precedes the heighth,
nnd then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. i*h<» plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
bIKA.MKK.S TO Allll IV IS.
•oiin
Ity Puebta.. . '
omon.^
alencia
umboldt.
rescent Cltr..
sleic
ity of Para....
omer
reat.-v. .........
htlkat.. ....
IHumboldt ... Jne 6
i Victoria & Pusret Sound. Jno 6
San.Diegro. Trio 6
Alaska .". Jne 6
iD.vea Jne 7
Crescent Cwr Jne 7
China ana Japan Jne 7
Panama jne 3
Newport ............. Jne 8
Coos Oar Jne S
Be] River Jne 3
Tacomx ... Jna 8
Portland Jne 1>
Kumooiat Jne iH
Comox Jne 9
San l)ie'/o (ne 10
Portlai d . Jne 10
Kananno Jne 10
Victoria &Purct Sound.. Jne 11
Portland. Jne 12
Newpor; .Tne 12
Mexico •■ Jne 13
'ashtenaw
reeon... ...:..
orth Port. . . .
in Mateo
inta Hosa....
UltOD
itanla
r :»ll.iWalla
ruumoia ......
008 BK7 .....
uracao
BTKAJMEU9 TO SAIL.
MFR. |
I DERTINATION'I Pah.* I Priii.
Alaska...... June 6. 2rM Pier i
St. Michael... I June (i, 4 pier —
Newport June t;. li am Pier li
HumbolUt .... June 7. l'J am Pier - »
P0rt1and. ...... June 8.10 am Pier 1!
Panama June 8, li M PM S3
San . biesro.... Juno 8. Ham! Pier li
Humboklt.... June 9.10 ami Pier 2
Newport..... June 10. '.♦AWJPierll
lt'oQ3Ua7 June 10. 10 am Pier 13
I A1a5ka.. ...... June 10. ...... ■;..,"
Alaska..".'." June 10. ....... ...... r;
Vie & P« 'June 10. 10 am Pier a
Huniholdt.... Unne 10. 2pm Pier 13
Alaska... ..:;. Juneli ....::..?
1 1'ortlana ....:. June 11. 10 am Pier 13'
«an Diejro .... Jr.nel'2. 11 aji Pier 11
Oregon Ports June 12,-.....
iHuihhoMt ... Juno 13. -9 am Pier 2
ATIOVI
Sails.
Morgan Cy.
Coo* i*uv..
Orizaba.. ..
Stitte of Cal
San 81.m . .
Poitiodj
Seotlri
Homer
A :■<•.■! Ui I
Huniboldt..!
Prof Morsel
City Puebla
riiukat ....
St. Paul....
Oregon |
'ill t0n.....
forth Fork
SllirS'iM. INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. June 8.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, IS hours from Eu-
- Stmr '• Whitesboro. Johnson, ,16 hours from
Whltesboro. • ,-.
Stmr Gipsy. Shea. 19 hours from Moss
Landing. --:
Stmr Greenwood. FagerlunJ, It hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, 47H hours from Coos <
Bay. ■ . - ■
■ Stmr Coquille River, Thompson, 45 hours frm
Newport, bound ■-' for Fort Brace; i put In for
coal. '■ '•• . ■■■ '■•: '•- - ' -'-"': •■■••■'
Stmr ■ Senator, Patterson, 68 hours from
Seattle.' ■ . '.'■"'■■ .
-'Stmr State of California, 'Green, 46 hours fm
Portland.' via Astoria 38% hours.
Schr Western Home, Nlllsson, 4 days from 1
Coos mm i iiMMiw*nfmw»"^miifhft mmw'mii
Schr Sacramento, Forest, 8 : days from Cres
cent City. ' ; .
\". Bohr Monterey, Beck, •14 hours from Bowens
Landing. .'->',■"- ?-■■■;?-'
SAILED.
-"":: ■ Sunday, . T un« i.
' V 8 stmr Mohclnn, Book, Honolulu.
Stmr Umatllla,-. Cousins, Victoria. : ; .
' .' Stmr' Columbia,* Goodall, Astoria.
Austrian : stmr Burma, Mikullclch, Nanalmo.
Schr Bowden. Fiorpm.St" Michael.
MEMORANDUM.
Per State of California— 4. in 44 23 N
124 33 W, spoke stmr Alliance, hence June 1
for Seattle; stopped- to repair -boiler. '
. DOMESTIC PORTS. .->■
PORT ! ANGELES— In bay i .Tune s— Ship J B
Brown, from Comox for Dutch Harbor. '
•- TATOOSH— Passed June s— Stmr . Albion, fm
Nanalmo. - - .-. :- ' .--. ' ■ : -" ;-.:• '•' ■'. -■" ■■.
, : - SEATTLE— Arrived . June &— Stmr Humboldt,
from Pyca. : • '■■'•
•:■'? Sailed June . 6— Ship Spartan, for San -Fran
cisco. "■ ■'•'.: - ; ■■■■'■ ■ i -_.. .-:•■ -■■■..''.-'-; ?--:-'■ ■
- POINT ARENA— June s— Stmr Al- :
cazar, from .'Port 'Los Angeles. '•'".•.■.-'■■•-■ :
POUT : HLAKELEY— SaiIed June 6— Schr- C
S * Holmes, ■ for ■ San . Pedro ; schr Prosper, i for
Halph'Tis;. : - .• * '•
.. SEATTLE— Arrived June s— Stmr - Al-Ki, fm
Dyea ; . stmr ■ Columbia, c from i Dyea. .
-- PORT LUDLOW— June Bktn
Skasit;- from: Port Gamble. . ■ .
VENTL'HA- Arrived June 6— Stmr G Loomis,
'hence -June 1 4, and sailed for San • Francisco.
' ~ SEATTLE— SaiIed June 6— Ship Wra J
Rotch, for New j York. j ; ;
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived June s— Stmr Tauric,
from Liverpool; stmr Hispania, from Ham
burg; stmr Britannia, from Marseilles; stmr
Massachusets, from London.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed June s— Stmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool for New York.
LlZAßD— Passed June s— Ptmr Strathnevls,
from Baltimore for Hamburg; stmr La Na
varre, from New York for Havre.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived June 6— Stmr Bar
barossa, from New York for Bremen; stmr
Southwark, from New York for Antwerp; Btmr
Trave. from New York for Bremen.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June s— Stmr Umbrla.
from New York.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
fc^ Steamers leave : Broadway
ysjj»|^^ wharf, San Francisco.
VH9^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
Wm&Zjmtk June 5. 10, 15. 20, 25, 30, July 5,
tjt BKjVgTa transfer at Seattle.
1 IwWtvZW For Alaskan ports (from
fißylaCg^Hl Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m. t
r^^^BHßn June 5, 26, July 17, August 4,
*33h3M 25, transfer at Portland. Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver . (B.
C), Port Townsend, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a.
m., June 6, 10, 15, 20. 25. 30. July 5. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with (
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. I
Ry., at Tacoma with N. P. Ky., at Vancouver ■
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m..
June 1, 7, 13, 19. 25, 31. July 6, and every sixth
day thereafter. '" • ' '
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port -> Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., June 2, 6, 10, 14. IS, 22, 26, 30,
July 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles- and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m., June 4. 8, 12. 16, 20. 24. 28, July 2. and j
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del '
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Ilex.), 10 a. m.. June 17.
July 2.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change"
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing:.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
QOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARP $12 First Class Including Berth
IMIIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: ■
Columbia June 5, 14 23
Slate of California June 8, 17 24
Oregon June 11, 20, 29
St. Paul $16 00! St. Louis .$32 00
Kansas City 26 001 Chicago 27 60
Omaha 26 00' New York 3100
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
. 630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
•NEW TORK, QUEENSTOWN. SOUTHAMP-
TON.
NEW TORK, SOUTHAMPTON, ANTWERP.
Steamers sail under Belgian or British flags.
Kensington ....June SlNoordland .....June 15
Berlin ...... June 111 Friesland June 22
PHILADELPHIA. . QUEENSTOWN, LIVER-
POOL.
Steamers sail under Belgian flag,
waesland June 4 Rhyniand .. June 11
EMPIRE LINE.
TO ALASKA AND THE COLDFIELDS.
Steamers formerly employed In trans-Atlantic !
services of. the International Navigation Com- !
pany and specially refitted for this service.
S. S. Ohio, 3500 tons, from Seattle, June 15.
5. S. Indiana, 3500 tons, from Seattle, June 22. |
6. S. Pennsylvania, 3500 tons, from : Seattle, !
June 29.
! Connecting with the company's own fleet of j
1? new and modern steamers and barges on the
Tukon River, through to Dawson City and
Intermediate points.
For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of Its Agencies,
PMBifIMPdJ Sailing of June Ist !
fIEBIBGjFfor Honolulu canceled. !
rfi n *
y■■ v . The S. S. MO ANA i
fi^y^"^ i • >. sails via Honolulu and j
Jsjp3m^h|f)c) Auckland for Sydney
G)iWjlllJll!|/ v Wednesday. Juna 15. :
@DP3Bth at 2p - m -
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, end CAPE
TOWN, South Africa. .
• J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
, Freight office 327 Market St.. San Francisco. |
Compagnie Generate Transatlantic,
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North "-~-r-r
\ River, foot of Morton st. Travelers^TrflTjF'fN
■ by this line avoid both transit by«****
English railway and the discomfort of crossing ;
\ the channel in a small boat. New Tork to
! Alexandria Egypt, via Paris, first-class, $169; i
second-class, $116. . £,'.-^.%xz* '■' ;
LA TOURAINE June 11, 10 a. m.
i LA GASCOGNE June IS. 10 a. m. ;
LA BRETAGNE ...... .........June 25. 10 a. m.
I.A BOURGOONE July 2, 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE July 8, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERA LE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent,
No. - 3 Bowling Green, New Tork.
3. F. FTJGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery ;
aye., San Francisco. ■ .. '
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships
Sail from New York every Saturday for I
Glasgow via Londonderry.
, - Rates for Saloon Passage — City of Rome, $60;
other steamers, $50.
Second Cabin— Rome. $42 50; Fur. essla. $37 60;
other steamers. $35. : •
Steerage Passage — Rome, $25 50; Furnessla.
$24 CO; other steamers, $23 60.
For Book of Tours and information, apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS. General Agents. 7
Bowling Green, Ne\ Tork; or J. "•. FUOAZI.
6 Montgomery St.; or L. F. COO::ROFT, 114
Montgomery St.; or R. R. RITCHIE. - 2 New
Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer. "Monti cello." V
Mon.,.Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m. 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ....: .........10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock, Pier 3.
Telephone Red 2241.
RAILROAD . TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.' m. 11:S5,
,-' 8:30.' 5:10, . 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:59
and 11:30 p. in.
SUNDATS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 8:10,1
5:00. 6:20 p. m. |
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI3CO. -
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 18:45,
8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:56 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDATS— B:IO,-9:40. 11:10, a. m.; 1:40. 1:10,
6:00. 6:25 p. m. " • -
Between San Francisco and Schuetz«n Park
same schedule as above.
Leave . Arrive . :
I San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.'
April 23. — ■ ■
Week I Sun- 189 S. Sun- I Week
Days. I days. Destination. days, j Days.
7:30»m S :00 am 'Novato, 10:40 amj S:4oain
J:Sopni 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:10 pni ; lo:2.'j am ■
s:lopm s:oopm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:22 pn
Fulton,
7:30 am • Windsor, 10:15 a '
Healdsburg,
Lytton, ■ ■
Geyservllle,
_l:Sopm 8:00 am _ Cloverdale, _]_ 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am[ ~ - I Hopland and I 110:25 am
B:3o pm| S:ooam| _ Uklah. ■ [ 7 :3spm [ B:22pm
'7:80 am " ~"" "' ; 10:25 am
. 18:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35pm -
3:30 pm v■■ _ . | _ ( 6:21 pro
7:3oam S:00aml Sonoma 110:40 am I:44 aw
■ :■■■■ and I
5:10 pm 5:00 Glen Ellen, f 6:10 6:22pm
"7:3Oam['B:o6am Sebastopol. 10:40"amjldT25am
3:30 pm| , 6:00 \>m '■...-:, ■;■--.■ | 7:35 pin! 6:2.' pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for. Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville ; for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hbpland (or Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. New ; Carlsbad
Springs. Soda . Bay, }^ Lakeport ■ and ." Bartlett
Sprinss:-nt Uklah for Vichy Springs. 'Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
Lake, Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's, : River-
side, ; Llerley's, ■*:■ Bucknell' s, Sanhedrin , Heights,
Hullville, Boonevllle. Orr's Hot 'Springs. Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, . Ural. :-;,;.. -
; , Saturday ■< to Monday - round trip ■ tickets ;at
reduced rates..; •' ;■■■.■.....--■; ■■■.■.....--■ ..'■.-: ■ ...•■""': r r
On Sundays "round trip tickets ■to all points
beyond San Rafael; at half rates.
■••'• Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bids.
vA. W. FOSTER, -:. : ; R. :X. RTAN, ■
Pres, and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
AUCTION SALES.
BASCB AUCTION CO., Inc.,
319-321 SUTTER ST. TEL. GRANT 87.
BAR FIXTURES,."
MANTELS!
By order of court to close the estate of F.
W. KRELING, I will sell
THIS DAY.
MONDAT June I. INS
At 11 a. m., at
SALESROOMS (321 SUTTER ST.)
TWO HANDSOME QUARTERED OAK
BARS, cost $10CO each to * manufacture: 15
SIDEBOARDS; 53 MANTELS; MANTEL
TOPS: 3 STANDING DESKS. 1 DENTIST'S
CHEST, 3 OFFICES.
A LOT OF BUREAU GLASS FRAMES.
WASHSTANDS, ETC.. ETC.
Terms cash. -
S. BASCH. Auctioneer.
S*~**^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
. /LaHeslo G2."» KKAttXT ST. Established
W^^fm ln 1834 for the treatment of Prlrate
«LiJp»-$fSJf diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
MHSMfggh disease wearing on van d mind and
OMBMfiliBKl skin I)is"as»s. I'hedoclorcureswheii
w<i*^V»f%'»3 »i tiers fail. Try him. Charges low.
i?^Sj»<£fi^2a (nri-»gu»r!.n(ffil. CaJlorwrite.
Dr. J. ft". (.IIIKOX, Box l'J37,San Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MorTiii.u* rtiiHt tojirAKi.
(PACIFIC HVHTXM.)
Tr»ln» Irate itntl »r« iliii* lo »rrlf« Ml
MAN I'ltAStlSd*.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From Jukb 1. 1338. — aiuhv«
•O:OOA~Niiea, San Jose and Way Stations... *8:43 a.
?:OOa Benici*, Suisuu ami Sacraineuto 10:4oa
?:UUa llarysvllle, Orotilleand Ucddlug t!»
Woodland 2*ls' •
7iooa Vacaville and Bumsey Bs+or
7:8Oa Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. N»p», ,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa, 2.?'
8:00* Atlantic Kxpress, Og.len and K»«t.. Bi*»r
»i«»a Nil™, San Jose. Mtockton, lone,
Bacrauiento, Mary»»llle, Chico,
Teliama an.l ne.Ulluff I'll*
•8:30 a Peters, Milton, Oakdale •7tl*P
' UiWOa New Orleans I'.xiaeas, Meroed, Fres-
no, Bakerslielil. Santa lUrbara,
. Los Aiimbl-k, Deming, El I'aso,
New Orleans and Bast ?'12 P
IO:»Oa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations < ««ap
•l:O«r Sacramento Itivor Steauieis '» *»»*
San Jose, Nil** and Way Stations... J»«1»A
2:00r LlTermore, Mendota, Uanford and
Visalia.. -• •• * sls *
LiTormore, Ban Jose, Nlles and Way
: Station* I' o , s }**
Fresno, Tosemite, Meroed, Martinez 12:13*
4:OOi» Martinez, Stu lUiiiOn, Vullejo,
Nai>a, Uailstogti, Xl Verano aud
Santa Itosa »:1»»
4:00r Benlcla. VacaTille, WooiUand,
Knights Landing, MarysTille, Oro-
Tllle ami Sucrmneiito J 2.2*
4xBop NUes, Son Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:1 3r
4:SOp Stockton, T.odi, Oakdale (James- _ _
town for Yosemite), Meroed l»«l»»
«:30r Lathron, Mode»to. Merced. Berenda
(Raymond for Toßemite), Fresno,
Mojave, .Santa Daibara and Lob
An elts 7i43a
4iHof Kaiil* Fu Koute, Atlantic Kipceu
forMoja»e and Kast s :f: f ?p? p
O:O(lp Europeau Mail, Dgilen and Kast.... «if »*
•0:00 [• Vallejo.. ;••••• IS: !? P
6:00 1- llnvnarilH. Nile* ami Han .Tone *i43a
J7:oop Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
t10n5.... }»:43i
8:00p Oregon K,xi>reßn,Hiicr»mento, Marys-
ville. Ite.Miiiß, Portland, l'ni:et _._
Sound ami Kant 8tl«A
SAN LEAMIHO AND 11AYWAKI>S LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
"I SI el row. Scnilnnrr I'arU, ( '!'^ A
8:OOa Kltclii.urir, Klmimrat, 'ISli^t
. .2 : "« A San l.e a ndro.So lliSan \\ l \%l
illioov Leandro, Kstuilillo, I8:l3p
tl2:'u»9i ' Lorenxo, Cherry • tl:4sr
i i:i:««p anil i2:131>
5:00p ll*jwaro». t3:45p •
7:00? i Runs through to Nile*. 7«43p
) t From Nilfß. I
\ COAST 111 VISION (Narrow Uange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
i 17:43 a Banta Cruz Excursion, Santa Cru*
- and Principal Way Station* JBi«sp
8: 1 3a Newark.Centetville.SanJose.KeHon,
Boulder Creek.Santa Oiuz and Way
etatinna 3i3Op
: •2»15p Newark, CenterviUe. San Jose, New
Almadec, FeitoD, Uouldor (Jreek,
ganta Cruz and Principal Way
■-- ;••- " ' Stations..... .:... •■•=*"*.
4:13p San Joae, Olenwood * Way Stations .?••*<>*
04i15p Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz j»:aOA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
i mm SIB raASCISCO— Foot of »«rktt Strett 8)—
•7-15 9:00 ll:0(H.M. tl:OQ *2:00 13:00
•4:00 .. tS:OO *6:00r.u.
1 rr»mOIIUMD— of Brwdwij.— "6:oo 8.-00 10:00 i.M.
112:00 '1:00 ,12:03 *3:00 *i:CO - «S:OQr.ii.
I " COAST DIVISION (Itroadtlauge).
(Third and Townscnd Sti.)
•7:OOa Han Jose ai»l Way .Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) liSOp .
I ' J7:3oa Sunday Excursion for Ban Jo»e.
Bant.". Cruz, Picifio Grove and
. Principal Way Stations JBi»Bp
»:OO* Han .los«, Tres riuus, Hiuita Cno,
Paclllc <Jro?e, Paso Uobles, Sail
Luis Olilsrm, Gnadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4il»r
. lOi«OaH«ii .lone nun. Way Station* *s|O5 |O £ A
I 11:30 a San Jose ami Way Stations *BiB9a
•2:-15r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
: V ■;•'. I Palo Alto, SanU Clara, Sau Jose, .
. Gllroy, Holllster, Santa Grin, *
Balinas, Monterey and Paciiio
Orove MOiS«a
•SiSOp San Jose and Way 5tati0n5..;....... *O:«»a
•4il3p SanJoseaud Principal Way Stations 8:43 a
; . »O:Oi>p San Jose and Principal Way Station* «:33a
5:80 p San. lose and Principal Way Station* . 3:30p
U::top San Jose ami Way Stations 7:30p
,t11:43r San Jcmeaml Way Stations:........ 7:itOr
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
I * Sundays exoente'l. } Sundays only, ♦ Saturdays o^ly
j Sunday an.l Mondays. a Satnrdsys and Sunday.
Santa Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Caif
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Caps
Run on the Following Time :
Leave San Francisco. 4:3o p. m., RM.T.W.T.F.I^
Arrive Denver... .....5:00 p. as., W.T.F.S.S.M.TJ
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m..T.F.S.S.M.T.W,
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W,
Arrive Chicago.. 9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.'W;
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Servo Superior Meals at Very Reason*
able Rates.
YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa Fa.
-Ul FRANCISCO TICKErOFRCE— S44 MARKET SI
Chronicle Building. Telephone Main 1620.
Oakland OSoe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street. %
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
j From June 1, 1898, trains will run as follow*:
South-bound. , North-bound.
'■ Passen- I Mixed Mixed I Passen-
ger [ Sunday Sta- Sunday | ger
I Daily. lExc'pt'dl tons. Exc'pt'd Dally.
7:20 a m 9:00 a m Stockton I 3:45 pml 5:40 p m
9:10 am : 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 p m 3:53 p m
10:40 a m 3:",0 pml Fresno 8:30 aml 2:20 p m
11:35 ml 6:45 pin Hanford 7:45 a m 1:25 pm
2:45 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rfl'd 2:30 a m 10*15 a m
12:05 pml 7:60 p m Visalia 6:40 a m 12:55 p m
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
1 pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 8
! p. m. dally; at Merced with stages to and
! from Snellings. Coulterville. Yosemlte. etc.;
also with stage from Hornitos. Marlposa, etc. :
1 nt Lankershlm with stage to and from Madora.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
I From San Francisco, commencing May 1. 1888.
WEfiK DAYS.- ■ .
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo, •g.-00,
•9-30; 11:00 a. m. ; '1:45. 3:20. 4:00, 6:15. N:00.
Kx?ra trips for San .Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sunday! at 11:30
"'* " SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »9:00.
•10:00, • 11:00, 11:30 a. m.; 1:00, »1:45. *2:30, •4:00.
5:30.8:45 p. m. ■
11:00 a. m. does not run to Pan Rafael.
0:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley. ,:
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
' .. • THROUGH TRAINS. ;
7:00 a. m. week Cazailero and way Bta'ns. ,
8:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta' ns.
6:15 p. m. week - days ; (Sat. Tomales and
- way stations. '■• - . - -
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
1:45 p. m.' Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'n.
"MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
: (Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San - Francisco, . commencing May 1. '•*
1SSS: ;. : ';" ■ '-'.■ .■: . ■--■-. >.•■ ■■ ■ ':, : ■ ,-■
■Week. — 9:30 a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— S:oo, 9:00, 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
■ 2*33 . p. m. ■ ■■■.■■.•-' '- -•- ■ ' '■ ■ ■ % ' ■-■. 7-
\ Round trip from • Mill I Valley, 11.
. •i-HOS. COOK iA ■ SON, Agents, «21 , MATE* >
■treet, . Sao Francisco. .
78
YELLOW BOYS
LOSE AGAIN
The Blue Ribbons Are
Warm Members.
PITCHER SHEA IN GREAT FORM
UMPIRE LEVY'S DECISIONS A
TRIFLE TO THE BAD.
It Was a Great Game, the Blue Rib
bon Boys Surprising Every
body by Their Superb
Work.
BY JOE CORBETT.
Sure enoxigh the "blue ribbons" outdid
themselves in yesterday** game. They
not only defeated those "yellow ham
mers," but they unmercifully rubbed it
in. My! how they <liv play. Not a
"chest" was visible, not a play that you
could conscientiously criticize, pave in one
instance, but as this was the only "idio
tic" mistake it would be well to let it
pass, at least for the present.
A big crowd was in attendance, It was
one of those reiined, good-natured gath
erings that are ever willing to cheer fine
plays, and that appreciate good base
ball. Only in a few instances did they
have occasion to show their displeasure,
and it was always directed at Mr. "Ru
ben" Levy, the autocrat of the field. This
gentleman gave some miserable decisions
on balls and strikes, and while the hon
ors in this respect were about evenly
divided as regards the teams, still they
brought no good, and the game would
have been much better without them.
The players, however, always overdo
such a thing as was evidenced in the case
of Early. He was kicking on strikes
that were dead over the plate, and for
such work should have been put out of
the game. It Is very "cheap" of a player
to make things unpleasant for an umpire,
■when there is really no cause for it, and
while Levy, in some instances, gave about
as poor an exhibition of umpiring as one
would care to see, he, however, was not
to blame in all cases, particularly in that
of Early.
Rube is not aggressive enough, and be
sides he should stand pat on what he says,
"iesterday he called a man out on strikes.
The third strike was a very bad one, and
the "yellow hammers" registered quite a
kick against tne decision. Knell, who
played right field, and by the way played
It beautifully, made quite a demonstra
tion, as was expected, and for his pains
was ordered out of the game. To the sur
prise of every one, wht-n the inning was
over. Knell was still back in his position.
Levy should then and there have ik-clared
himself, by compelling Knell to retire, but
instead, he allowed him to finish the
game. This was a serious mistake on
Rube's part, for players will always think
him bluttting. Sick to your word, Rube,
no matter whom it aitects.
The game opened up by the "blue rib
bons" making three runs in the first in
ning. It looked for all the world as if
it was to be a repetition of all former '
games played at Recreation Park, but the
outcome- was most gratifying, and 1 may
add, surprising. After the first inning
nothing of note occurred until the ninth,
as both clubs were putting up excellent
ball, and playing the game for all it was
worth. Shea, tne new pitcher of the
Fri'jcos, kept his hits well scattered until
the last inning, when four hits and three
runs were made off him, but up to this
stage he was invincible. Pitcher Thomas,
however, was unfortunate, as the hits off
him came at opportune times, as did a
couple of the errors, and runs enough to
win the game were stacked up.
Fresno, however, was in reality out
played. They made as many hits as did
their opponents, and only one error more,
but when hits were necessary they were
as invisible as the "Spanish armada."
The "blue ribbons" hit opportunely, and
played t^e game as it should be played.
There was no indifferent spirit visible, i
and the game they played in the field was I
superb, made so by the fielding possibili
ties which occurred in each inning, all of
which were accepted save four, and a
couple of these were excusable.
That glorious uncertainty of the game
loomed forth conspicuously in the last
inning, when Fresno made that rally.
The score is as follows:
FRESNO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A E.
Early, 2 b 5 0 10 4 2 1
Held. 1 b 4 112 9 0 1
Courtney, b. b 3 0 1 0 1 3 I 1I 1
MH-ue. o 6 0 2 0 4 5 1
Hwartz, c. f 4 0 10 3 0 1
Knell, r. f 3 0 10 2 0 0
Moore, 3 b 3 1 0 0 1 2 0
BriUan. I. f 4 110 0 0 0 1
Thomas, p 4 0 3 0 0 2 0
Totals S5 3 11 2 24 16 5 j
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A E. j
H. Krug. 3 b 4 1 3 1 1 3 1 '
Monahan, s. a 4 1 1 0 1 6 1 I
Murphy, 1 b 4 1 3 2 13 0 0
Kacan, 2 b 4 1 0 0 5 1 0 !
Hi arty, L f 4 o l l o 0 o i
Hammond, c 4 0 2 0 3 2 0
L>unl-avy. c. f 4 0 0 0 1 1 l
Stroecker, r. f 3 1 1 0 3 1 1
Shea, p 3 0 0 0 0 4 0
Totals 34 6 11 4 27 IS 4
RUNS BY INNINGS. j
Fresno 0 0 0 0 00, 0 0 3—3 — 3 I
Base hits 110 0 2 111 4—ll
Pranciaco o 1 DO I 0 0 0 •— 6
Base hits 3 1101131 •— ll
BUM MART.
Runs responsible for— Thomas 1. Shea 1. Two
base hits— McCup. Hammond. Stroecker, Mona
han. liases on er;
2. Bn.ses ar. balls- S;tr. Frandaco i. Kn-sno
5. Left on ba.«pp — San Francisco 8, Fresni i.
Struck out— liy Thomas 3, by Shea 2. I>..jli]-»
plays— Phf-a to Hammond to Ea<an, Ptroeeker
to Murnhy. Panned ball*— McCue 1, Hammond I
L Wilfl [.'.toh- -Thomas. Time of same— l:3s
Umpire— Kube Levy.
At Stockton.
STOCKTON, June 5.— big crowd and
slow • ball was the feature of to-day's
game. Oakland won by a substantial
score, but It seemed to come easy, not ex
citing enough to create Interest. Score:
STOCKTON.
AB. R. 1311. SB. PO. A E
Muller. I. f 3 0 10 2 ' 0 6
Billings, s. 8... 4 0 0 0 13 2
Smith, 2 b 4 0 2 0 3 0 2
Selna, lb 3 0 1 l 9 0 0
litce, r. 1 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
l'pte»». c 4.0 3 0 5 0 0
B. White, 3 b 4 0 0 0 2 2 2
H. White, c. f 4 2 0 0 10 0
Whalen, p 4 0 10 0 6.1
Totals 34 .2 8 1 23 11 1
OAKLAND.
AB. It. fill. SB. PO. A. E
Donovan, r. ■ f 4 2 1 l 1 0 0
O'Neill, 2 b 4 10 0 10 1
Lane, 3 b 5 1 2 0 3 1 1
Sullivan, c 4 1 1 0 4 0 0
Sykos, 1 b... 3 0 0 0 12 1 0
Sohr»«v>r. s. s 4 1 Oil 6 1
Moskiman 1. r 4 110 0 0 0
Dean, air.;; 3 10 0 5 2 0
Russell, p 4 1 1 0 0 5 0
Totals . 1..35 9 6 2 27 15 1
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Stockton .................0 0 1-01000 o—2
Base hits 0 1112 10 1 1—
Oakland 5 0 0 3 0 0 0 1 •— 9
Base hits 1 0 12 0 0 0 1 •— 6
SCMMAKY.
Responsible' for Whnlen, 3. Two-base
hits— Nick Smith. Donovan. I^ange, M<)skiman.
Sacrifice hits— Billings. M. White, Sykes, Sulli
van. Bases on balls — Off Whalen, 4: Russell, ].
Bases on balls— Whalen, 4; off Russell, 1.
Hit by pitcher— Selna. Struck out— By Whalen,
4; by Russell, 3. First base on errors — Stock
ton, 2: Oakland, 6. Passed ball— Peters. Time
of game— Umpire— Charles Chase. Scorer
—A. H. Harlln. \
At Santa Cruz.
SANTA ORT'Z. June s.— The Beach
combers failed to find the plate to-day
owing 1 to their inability to locate "Fog
Tlorn" Fitzpntrick's delivery at the proper
time. Balsz pitched fine ball for Santa
Cruz, but his support had a ragged edge
to It. l*p to the fifth Inning great ball
vraa played, neither Bide being able to
score. Santa Cruz had three men on
bases In the sixth, but a pretty triple
play by Ford, Scott and Johnson prevent
ed Santa Cruz from scoring. The score:
ATHLETICS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A E.
Smith, c. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
Reilly. 2 b 3 0 0 0 4 8 1
Mrl-aughlln. s. 8....4 0 1 0 3 3 0
Stultz, 1 b 4 1 0 0 12 0 0
Boott, C 4 12 0 4 10
Ford. 1. f 4 1 1 0 J 1 0
Hlldebrandt, r. 1....4 1 1 1 1 0 0
Johnson, 3 b 4 0 10 0 2 1
Fltzpatrick, p 3 0 0 0 0 1 0
Totals 34 4 fi 1 27 18 2
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A E.
Williams, c. s 3 0 1 0 3 2 S
Mclntyre, c. t 3 0 10 4 0 0
Devereaux. 3b 3 0 0 0 1 2 1
Strleh. 1. f 3 0 0 0 1 ft 1
Fitzgerald, lb S 0 1 0 S 2 0
MrGrath, r. f 3 0 0 0 4 0 0
Arellanftc. 2 b *, 0 0 0 2 0 4
C. I'aubenbls, C....3 0 1 0 4 4 0
Balsz. p 3 0 1 0 0 2 0
Totals 27 0 B 0 27 12 9
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Santa Cruz 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—o
Base hits 0 0 110 10 2 o—s
Athletics 0 0 0 0 1 2 0 0 I—4
Base hits 0 10 0 1111 I—6
SUMMARY.
Earned runs— Athletics 1. Double plays—
Daubenbls to Fitzgerald, Williams to Fitzger
ald to Daubenbls. Triple play— Ford to Scott
to Johnson. Base on called balls— Off Balsz 1.
Base on hit by pitched ball— By Fitzpatrick 1.
Struck out— By Palsz 3, by Fltzpatrick 20.
Passed ball— Daubenbls 1. Base on errors-
Santa Cruz 2, Athletics 8. Wild pitch—Fltz
fatrick. Time of pme- 1:35. Umpire— J.
O'Connell. Scorer— H. Flelsig.
At Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, June s.— The San Jose
baseball tonm mot with a blistering de
feat at the hands of the Gilt Edges to
day, being shut out. while the locals
piled up sixteen runs. Arrick, %who
pitched for the visitors, was a dismal
failure, and after he had been batted out
of the box In the sixth inning was suc
ceeded by Prockoff. The San Joses put
up a ragged game and at no time was
there a prospect of their getting a man
over the plate. The feature of the game
was a home run by Harvey. Score:
R. H. E.
Ollt Edgres 16 18 1
San Jose o 5 8
Batteries — Harvey and Stanley; Arrick.
nroekoflf and Kent.
At San Rafael.
SAN RAFAEL. June B.— The San Fran
cisco Alumni s crossed bats with tho San
Rafael Baseball team at the new broad
gauge depot grounds to-day. The home
team put up a weaker game than usual,
and the visitors carried oft* the laurels
with a score of 16 to 4.
Minor Games.
MARYSVIL.LE. June 8.-The Banner
Baseball Club of Nevada City was de
feated by the Marysvllles In a ten inning
game this afternoon. Score 9 to 8. It was
a close and exciting game throughout.
At the end of the eighth inning the score
stood 8 to G In favor of the visitors. In
the ninth Marysville retired the Banners
and tiod the score. In the tenth the Ban
ners were again retired, and then Sunday,
for the home team, with two men out
and three on bases, made a home run.
A thousand people were present despite the
warm weuther. It was the hottest day
this season, the thermometer reaching 98
In the shade.
WATSONVIL.LE. June s.— ln a ten in
ning game to-day the Pajaro Valley
Wheelmen defeated the Santa Clara Col
lege team by a score of 4 to 3.
MOVEMENTS OF
SPANISH SHIPS
Small Fleet Reported Off
Madagascar.
SECRECY TO BE MAINTAINED
WARNING TO THE ADMIRALTY
ATTACHES.
Madrid Officials Report the American
Squadron at Manila to
Be in Great
Distress.
Special Dlßpatch to The Call.
MADRID, June 5.— A dispatch from
Barcelona says a well-known merchant
there has received a dispatch to the ef
fect that on May 25 a Spanish squadron
consisting of three cruisers and three
other protected vessels was seen off the
island of Madagascar, proceeding
northward.
Two members of the Lyceum Club to
day made a wagrer of $50,000 as to the
whereabouts of Admiral Cervera's
squadron, one betting that it was in
Cuban waters and the other that it was
en route to the Philippines. The money
is to go to the national subscription for
the navy.
A dispatch from Cadiz says the Span
ish steamer San Auguptin, Captnin
Muneriz, which sailed from Santiago
de < 'iiba on May 11, has arrived at
Cadiz. The voyage was without inci
dent.
The Cabinet Council terminated at a
late hour this evening, after a long con
sideration of the present war situation.
It was declared that the situations of
the American squadron and of the In
surgents at Manila were "unsatisfac
tory, owing to disease," that the mis
sion of Aguinaldo had failed and that
the native troops were favorable- to
Spain.
Duke Almodovar de Rio, the Foreign
Minister, read a note to be sent to the
powers, complaining of America's In
fractions of international law.
Lieutenant General Correa, Minister
nf War. announced that he had sent a
dispatch to Manila to inquire whether
it was true that the United States
cruiser Baltimore had been destroyed
by an explosion.
Captain Aunon, Minister of Marine,
has ordered every one connected with
the admiralty throughout the country
to abstain from giving information of
any kind as to the preparations for
naval movements, and also to be on
guard against persons visiting the de-"
partments, and "on more or less legiti
mate pretexts seeking Information."
Handball Sports.
Notwithstanding the heat of the flay
Ryan's handball court at 858 Howard
street was well patronized.
The games won and lost are as follows:
E. Antron and T. Clements defeated B. Clem
ents nnd W. Hassell. Score: 21-15, 17-21. 21-14.
E. BacOonough and J. R. Bockman defeated
D. J. Sheehan and W. Berger. Score: 21-18,
IC-21, 21-10.
C. F. Plate and D. Withers defeated H. Tuck
er and M. Doherty. Score: 21-16, 14-21, 21-20
M. McClure and J. Klrby defeated T. Leacri
and T. Folry. S.-oro: 21-13, U.-21. 21-17.
E. White and D. Regan defeated W. Ham
ilton and W. Manion. Score: 21-14, 16-21, 21-19.
3. Collins and A. Mclnnerney defeated P.
Hutchinson and J. Dowllng. Score: 21-13 le-'l
21-20.
J. Collins and M. McClure defeated R. Mur
phy and E. Curley. Score: 21-16, 17-21, 21-15
T. F. Bonnet and * White defeated J C
Xealon and M. J. Kilgallon. Score: 21-13 14-21'
Games of "Chance."
Matthew Rautljo and Harry Cheffers,
two wheel-of-fortune men, were arested
yesterday morning by Policemen Hemenez
while extracting nickels from unsuspect
ing youngsters. Rautljo was operating at
Third and Folsom streets, and Chefters at
Mission and Third. Hemenez seized the
wheels and booked them as evidence
Each hnd a secret spring which could
be worked bo that the owner of the wheel
would always win by touching it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1893.
MADRID WOULD
END THE WAR
Spain Anxious to Make
Peace.
POWERS NOW HOLD ALOOF.
NONE WILLING TO ACT AS
INTERMEDIARIES.
Fear Tnat Their Action Might Arouse
Resentment on the Part
of the American
People.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, June v.
The belief is growing in the best in
formed Government circles that Spain
is sincerely anxious to make peace, and
that even now she is seeking a favor
able opportunity to make overtures in
that direction. Numerous evidences of
this have come to the attention of the
authorities here, but up to this time no
actual move has been made toward as
certaining on what basis the United
States would consider peace. It is said
the first step would be toward having
some disinterested power make inquiry
of this Government as to what terms
would be accepted, after which, the
terms being stated, it would be for
Spain to form a commission, and make
a formal tender of peace.
The authorities here feel that Spain
is feeling her way toward a movement
of this kind. One evidence of it is the
utterance of the Spanish Ambassador
at London urging that a peace move
ment is opportune at this time. It is
thought to be highly improbable that a
Spanish official of his rank would make
a statement of this kind unless it
voiced the view entertained by the au
thorities at Madrid.
Another evidence is the sending of
Senor Castillo to Paris, his principal
mission being to enlist sympathy there
and to encourage a movement toward
obtaining peace on a basis honorable
to Spain. With this comes the report
of the serious embarrassment of the
Bank of Spain, on which the Govern
ment relies for funds to carry on the
war. The desperate condition of the
Spanish forces at Manila, Santiago and
Havana are looked upon as added rea
sons why Spain should be solicitious
at this time for peace.
But while Spain is thought to be j
anxious to obtain peace, she appears to
be unable to secure the services of a
disinterested power to take the initia
tive in a peace movement. This was ;
the view expressed to-day by a leading i
member of the diplomatic corps. He ;
said much surprise had been caused at j
foreign capitals by the resentment in
the United States against the kindly j
representations of the great powers,
made to Presid >nt McKinley some
weeks ago, which had been treated by
the American press and by publ . ~ opin
ion throughout this country as an in
trusion on the part of the great powers.
For that reason the efforts since made
by Spain to induce the European pow
ers to interve. had met with flat fail
ure, because none of the powers wlyh
to arouse the enmity of the United
States. For the same reason, this dipJo
matic official pointed out, the ]uropean
powers were loth to befriend Spain at
the present time, even to the extent of
making inquiry as to what basis of
peace would be acceptable to the I'nited
States. No one power would undertake
such inquiries, he said, as it would sub
ject that power to the possibility of be
ing snubbed. He thought such a snub
quite likely in view of the manner in
which the kindly representation of the
powers had been received some weeks
ago.
And. while do power was willing to
act alone," neither could the powers be
brought together for united action
along that line. For this reason, it is
pointed out, Spain's isolation at the
present time made it extremely difficult
for her to see any intermediary by
which she could conduct Initial steps
toward securing peace.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16, ,*-*
K. T., Golden Gate building, 625 Sut- < Tinip
ter St.— Stated assembly THIS EVEN- IS
ING at S o'clock. All fraters are 'sS'
courteously Invited. ,-''■:■ ■ ', ■■■&:
CHARLES L. PATTON. Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA, Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal lm~
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. _^9i_
Business only. . < %sf %F
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary. '/>^>
HERMANN Lodge No.- 127, F. and A. m
M.— Stated meeting THIS DAY (MON- _jP*
DAY), June 6, 1898. at i o'clock p. in.W ¥
By order of the W. M. Py^
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary. .
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No, 22, F. and A. m
Stated meeting THIS (MONDAY) Jl
EVENING at S o'clock. Important "%jf
business. By order of : /^y\
GEORGE W. TURNER, W. M
G. W. ROOT Secretary. l
REGULAR monthly meeting of vAiWUtf'/-*.
Canton San Francisco No. 5, S >!^~^^
Patriarchs Militant. I. O. O. F., =^SSf«5
TUESDAY EVENING, June 7. -"#"l^
All chevaliers invited. Including soldiers that
are members of the order. Installation of
of fleers.
CAPTAIN J. A. DUNCAN, Commandant.
GEORGE WILSON. Clerk. ,;
OFFICERS an-.' members of ' Triumph \«;iv
Lodge No. 180, A. O. U. W.— You are^f-X-
requested to attend the funeral of ourfcU'^v
late brother." DENNIS 1 WYNNE, from M3>"
residence, 1.*.3!» Mission St., TUESDAY, June
7. 8:30 a. m. OSCAR FORSBE^G, M. W.
J. H. CATTRAN. Recorder.
• : SPECIAL. NOTICES.
Abandoned children In the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since January, 1897:
Ellen Norton, age 10 years: Katherine Norton,
9 years; . Mary McDonald, 10 years; Kather-
ine Cafferty, 7 years; Clara Pratt, 12 years;
Francis Williams, 7 years; Rosetta McGulre,
7 years: Margaret Gomez, 8 years; Evelina
.. Gomez, 6 years. •
BAD tenants ejected for '84; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
C 0. .. 415 Montgomery St.. . room 6; | tel. 5580.
ROCK bottom house painting and decorating.
Painters' Association. R. LEWIS, Manager
1546 Howard St.
ROOMS papered-, from $2 &0, and whitened
from $1 up; painting done. Hartmann Paint
Co.; Ml Third st. .
MISS LOESEL, 121 Montgomery Bt., room 8;
. palmistry and card reading.
MISS LESSER,. 121 Sixth St., room 2; massage
and vapor treatments. „ • :- ; ;\
MANICURING and alcohol baths. LILLIE
STANLEY, 7 Grant aye.; room 123. first floor.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the East—
' massage ; assistants.'. 17 Grant | aye., room 1.i.-.
MISS MYRTLE POTTER. 1021 Market, rm. 12.
opp.. Baldwin; steam baths and massage.
CABINET vapor tub; good as new; at a bar-
" gain. , Room 17, 116 Grant aye. • ■ V-
AIjVINE HALL and 1 assistant; genuine cabinet
. baths. ; 15% Turk anfl 1 1118 : Market, rms. ; 15-16.
MISS L. . DEAN. 917 Market parlors 11 and 12. :
Turkish baths * and . massage ' treatment.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
; cabinet i baths. 116 Taylor st.!,:,' ;•.'■ ':.:.". '-. ■*„':'■ '■■■■-■
MRS. ; STEWART, ,' genuine - steam " and cabinet
; baths. 120% Geary St.. room 11. \ ' - ;- -, ■,
MISS VIOLA < BUR WELL rof New/ i Orleans;
: baths ; and , massage. 1118 1 Market St., ■■ mi. ;8.
ELEVENTH, •. Branch office of ; The '■. Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. ■ ; ;. ■ •
RELIABLE girl wants housework In small
- family; good . references. Box 478, ' Call office.
'. •"■ -■■" ■•■■' ■/-'•> •■■-•'■:••■■■■- ' -- ' '- ii.Tr«.imr*'-iiiii«iiii
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE. ;
A NO. 1 German second girl, good seamstresr,
best of references desires a situation. , J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st. -r :
SWEDISH second girl, first-class waitress and
seamstress; best references; city or country.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st. ?. . .yfa
COMPETENT nurse wishes situation; Invalid
or infant; can take full charge; good seam-
stress. Apply MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse, ■ $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. .' .
GOOD woman desires work immediately: Is a
good worker; <■ can do almost anything; '-:• is
first-class - has references; goes by the day,
$1 and car fare. 60 Third St., room .14.
YOUNG lady (North German) wants situation:
working housekeeper and good dressmaker
or chamberwork and seamstress. Call at 16
Rundell place, off Sixteenth, near Valencia.
YOUNG Protestant woman wishes" housework;
Ie trustworthy; fond of children; wages mod-
erate; references. Please call 1005 Capp St.,
near Twenty-fifth.
TRUSTWORTHY woman, good cook and laun-
dress, would do housework; city or country;
' good references. 1425 Geary St., near Laguna,
ELDERLY American wants work; Is a good
plain cook: any distance in the country. Call
or address 22% Seventh st.
RESPECTABLE German girl would like to
have a position for upstairs work or as nurse
girl. Please call at 210 Eddy st.
WANTED— Housework by good woman; city
or country: is good cook and laundress; would,
do day work. 811 Mission st.
YOUNG girl wishes to do light housework; no
washing or cooking; sleep home. Call at 314%
Langton st. \
SITUATION wanted by neat young woman;
good cook; best of references. 113 Gough st.
Call for two days.
AN excellent German cook wishes situation to
do general housework: city or small distance
In country; good references. 40S Minna st.
WANTED— By a respectable young lady, posi-
tion as housekeeper; 2 or 3 In family pre-
ferred. Box 23, B office. Call 106 11th st.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation In Amer-
ican family; willing; good references. 18
Hit yes st.
WOMAN with a child 5 years old would like a
position as housekeeper. Box 4440 Call office.
COMPETENT young woman wishes to secure
a permanent situation to care for children;
will assist with studies; can do upstairs work;
will travel or go short distance; references;
wages $25. Please call or address Advertiser,
20S Franklin st. .
MIDDLE-AGED American widow wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper on ranch where only one
table Is served: or will cook for men on
ranch: understands buttermaklng: good cook;
references. Apply room 13. Ahlborn Hotel,
323 Grant aye.
YOUNG lady of education desires position as
stenographer and typewriter; wholesale house
preferred; good penman; moderate wages;
references. Apply box 17, Call branch office,
ICC Eleventh st.
POSITION desired by a competent woman
just from the East; is a good cook and neat
housekeeper; city or country. Apply at 937
Mission st., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker and assistant
want a few more engagements by the day at
$2 75 per day; perfect tit guaranteed. Call or
address 829% Sutter st. .
YOUNG. lady desires position as companion or
assistant housekeeper tor invalid lady; no ob-
jection to the country; references exchanged.
Box 405. Call office.
STENOGRAPHER and bookkeeper of seven
years' experience desires position In business
or law office; best references. Address box
-466, Call office.
RELIABLE lady wishes family or gentleman's
washing to do at home; rates reasonable.
Call or address 2828 Laguna Ft., bet. Union
and Filbert.
GERMAN woman wishes a situation doing
general housework; good plain cook; $10 to
$12 per month; city or country. 207 Eddy St.,
near Taylor.
.
YOUNG refined German lady wishes situation .
as housekeeper, governess or companion;
speaks .English. Address box 462. Call office.
RELIABLE elderly woman wants position In
city In small family; will make herself gen-
erally useful; references. Box 434. Call oitice.
WANTED — By a respectable young lady, posi-
tion as housekeeper: 2 or 3 In family pre-
ferred. Box 23, I! office. Call 106 mil ft.
WELL recommended housekeeper who is a
good cook and seamstress desires 'a position.
A. i In •-■ box 442. Call office. i
I WOULD like work through the day at sewing |
or light housework; will rleep at home. Box
457, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman, with 6-year-
old daughter, wants plate as housekeeper.
Apply 1215 Folsom" st.
RELIABLE women would like sewing to do
at heme. MRS. EFFIE SIMON, ISO? Harri-
son st.
WANTED, by a young lady, a position In
office as copyist; Is a first-class penman.
Address bos 437. this office.
WANTED — situation as first-class laundress
In a private family; best of city reference.
562 Natoma st.
SITUATION wanted by a Swedish girl; first-
class second girl; city references. Call at
':■:. Poison St. !
WOULD like a place to do general housework.
Call Monday at 746 Howard st.
WANTED — A position as housekeeper by Ger-
man woman; city or country. | 556 Mission st.
YOUNG girl wishes a position to assist in
housework or take care of children. 346 Sec- ;
ond aye., Richmond.
GIRL wishes to do general housework in pri-
vate family. Please call at 610 Capp St., near
Twenty-first. •
GOOD Ironer and laundress wishes position.
Box 447, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position to do
light housework. Address 2428 Geary St. '.' .
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions faken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
.best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 428.
CHINESE and Japanese tesiao. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY «: CO.. 040 Ola* it.
YOUNG man who understands something of
grocery and bar; good home with small
wages. Apply to grocery, corner Sixteenth
and Church ,sts. .
YOUNG German man, 23, from the East, ex-
perienced bartender, wishes situation. M.
SCHMIDT, 2« Minna st.
YOUNG man, 21 years old. Industrious, re-
liable, no bad habits, wants employment;
willing to work hard at anything to make an
honeet living; would like to Work for board;
handy with tools and In working about house.
Address box D. H., Call office, Oakland.
POSITION. as nurse or traveling companion to
invalid gentleman by young man, aged SO;
experienced traveler; excellent references.
Auuress box 525, Call office. '. . ':
ENGINEER -wants position; marine and sta-
tionary . experience; give $25 bonus or per
cent. Discreet, box 448, Call office. ■ ■•■-.■ ■■".;
SITUATION by 2 bakers, second and third
hands, on bread and. cakes; city or country.
Address 31 Minna St., Shu Francisco.
SITUATIONS wanted by 2 practical markers
and distributors; gilt-edged 'references; 14
years' experience. Box 459, Call office.
ENGINEER; can give best references; | sober,
reliable, experienced; - engineer, fireman or
watchman; this city preferred. A. J. SMITH,
111% Minna St. --•-.-'
MILLINERY— An English gentleman • used to
first-class trade wishes position as designer
: and trimmer; best references. Box 13, . Call.
JAPANESE neat young man wants situation
to do housework only ■or gardener In good
. place. Address P. MASUDA. 1617 Baker st.
GERMAN man of M wants situation In private
place 'for house and garden; handy with tools;
. city or country; references; wages $15., R. X..
' box 440, Call office. • • K. ' -\
WANTED— Situation In summer resort or
country hotel by a first-class cook and baker.
Address box 409, Call; office. "■ . . - ' ■■ C
BOOKKEEPER— Competent, - first-class double
i entry and correspondent, desires position of
trust; Al city references. Box 4563. Call.
JAPANESE, young bright school boy, wants
position. S. M., 22 Prospect place. ■>■'■'■'■£
WANTED— By a first-class machinist and en-
gineer, also good blacksmith: good refer-
- ences; married; age 32; long Job desired. Call
or address 751 ,, Mission y St., ■ room ■; 3S. v ■." A
ENGINEER would like a position In city or
country; ;Is a machinist : and blacksmith ; had
12 years city experience; can give good refer-.
' ences. 2953 Harrison st. ". ; - ■ v_ S .v-t
JAPANESE, first-class laundryman, also good
all-around houseworker, wishes a situation in
■' private family In city or. country. J. MIURA,
- • 521 Jessie st. ■'■/■,■'■ '.; -.;'./.-. . .■'-■•' '.:,:-.: " '•*' V ; ' -■;
MAN < and • wife, • no ■ children, '*- wish V situations
on farm, private :or mining place; , references.
■ 1032 Howard St. ; V \ : - ; J?^ '- : - V'--
SITUATION wanted ■■■ by :an experienced and
trustworthy man In furniture or grocery busi-
ness. Box 495, Call office. v ;.-::;.* ,j\'
JAPANESE, good cook and waiter, 1 wants posi-
tion; good references. >: R. FRANK, Japanese
■ Mission, Pine st. 1 ■ .-■ :'-.- : ■': .."- ' - ■■'.•.: ■;."
RELIABLE man wants situation as watchman;
references. • Address box 613," Call of flee. , ,>'*t£
WINCHESTER HOUSE, :* 44 Third 5 St., near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to
$6 . week; convenient " and : respectable; tn*
'bus and baggage to and from ferry." ' -,
■ ■ ■ «
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
COLORED cook and second girl, same house,
$25 and $20; Protestant cook, plain wash, ?25;
3 German and French second girls and nurses,
$20; second girl and laundress, $25; girls for
cooking and housework, San Rafael, $25;
Alameda, $20 and $25; Berkeley, $25; Sonora,
$25; San Jose, $20; 3 waitresses and chamber-
maids, $15 and $20; and a large number of
girls to fill city situations. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
; HOUSEWORK, Alameda, $25; Clarksburg. $15;
, Point Reyes, $10; Berkeley, $25; Courtland,
$20; San Anselmo, $15; Oakland, $20; Modesto.
*2o ; IS housework girls, city, $20 and $25; 8
young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
1 LEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, German style, $30. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
HOUSEKEEPER, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325
i Sutter st.
WAITRESS, Solano County, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and wait. $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
>■' U RSE girl, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter
street.
FRENCH girl, second work, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN. J25 Sutter st.
WOMAN as companion to an old lady, coun-
try, $10 per month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
NEAT young girl, light work, $15. MISS CUI^
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
HEAD waitress, $25; head waitress, resort, $85,
see party here; waitress, institution, $20; 2
waitresses, country hotels, $20; 5 chamber-
maids to wait, city and country, $20; hotel
cook, $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary-
SEAMSTRESS for an Institution. C. R. HAN-
BEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HOUSE girl for Reno, New, l2?)7^io Twushlrfg;
girls for Sonora, $25; Gilroy, $20; San Lo-
renzo, $20; and about sft girls for city and
country, $15 to $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
COOK, $30; second girl, $15; second girl, $20.
MHS. .NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
COI ORED woman, country, $25; ranch cook,
$20; housegirl, Alameda, $20; Oakland. 525;
cook and second pirl, same house, $25
and $15; mother arid daughtT, $10; cook.
Institution, $20. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
A NUMTtER of young girls to assist house-
work, $10 to $15; 25 houseglrls at $2a to $25;
cook. $25. MHS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
WANTED :•: Germnn cooks, with 2 in help, $25;
German chambermaid, family in country, $20
t(T $25; French nurs<\ new arrival, $25; French
second girl, $20; girls for housework and as-
sist, $20, $15 and $10. LEON ANDRE, 316
Stockton st.
WANTED— -Cooks, chambermaids, nurse girls
and girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, 631
Lark in st.
LADY'S companion; salesladies; office matron;
forelady; mHtron, European hotel. 1023 Market.
HEADQUARTERS; free places for hon.-st
working girls; the best homes In the city; the
highest wayes obtained for cooks and gen-
eral houseglrls; remember, the service Is ab-
solutely free at the Working Girls' Ex-
ch.Mige. 1023 Market st.. above Sixth.
, LADIES, attention -Th- SM-.-t Ladles' Bu-
i reau of Information, managed by San Fran-
] Cisco ladies, confidentially conducted; cash-
iers', teachers', clerks', salesladies' head-
'■ quarters. R8 Hush st.
FIRST-CLASS halrdr-- 1-- r; young Kirl to lfarn.
MME. DELLA FAUST, 240 Stockton St., near
, Post.
GOOD strong girl to do light housework and
cooking for vacation. 3267 Twentieth st., near
Folhom.
THOROUGHLY experienced tßllorens on cus-
tom coats; good wages; steady work. 272
| Seventh st.
WANTED— A German girl to do upstairs and
dining room work for a small hotel. 624 Ful-
ton st.
WANTED— Experienced operators on shirts.
NKWHAUKR BROS., 18 First St.
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking
: and washing-; $15. 2fil2 Lark in St.
VOUNQ girl ("or housework and cooking; $15.
937 Halght st.
WANTED— Good girl for general housework
anrl cooking. 1620 Geary st.
Miss DUNBAR, please call at 2700 California
street.
WANTED Young girl to wait on table. 638
Fourth st
; WANTED— A cir! who understands sewing.
857 Poisons st.
WANTED— Finisher on custom coats: must
understand machine work. '-Is Howard st.
STRONG >dri for general h.iu.*ework. Call
kfter • a. in.. 151IA Howard st.
GERMAN Klrl wanted to do kitchen work. Call
at r,2t Larkln Et.
WAITRESSES, different country hotels, $20;
i girl for ehamberwork and waiting, city;
hourework girls. country. MURRAY &
READY. 634-68$ flay st.
j 3 HOUSEWORK Kirl, city, $15; 1 housework
girl, Oakland. $20; 1 housework girl, country.
$25. Pacific Employment Office, 777 Market.
GERMAN clrl for general housework; wages
$15. Apply 1162 Guerrero ft.
NEAT girl to wait at table in dining room.
.T, nes St
<;<">!> girl for general housework; $12 to $15.
:-:>■ Kns: st., bet Mission and Market
WANTED— A first-ela-ss waist hand. Call at
MS Jackson St.
i YOUNG girl to assist in light housework; one
who sleeps at home preferred; wages $S. 2410
Folsoni st.
OPERATORS wanted on custom coats; good
pay: steady work. 23.1 Fifth street.
WANTED— 2 sood operators on pants: also
finishers. SGO Fourth si., near Brannah.
LEARN dressma ng and millinery; positions
free: patterns 25c up. ItcDoweH's, 10.1 post.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlnp School. 1079 Market
wt.: perfect fit; no trying on: trial free.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Typewriter and office clerk; ma-
chinist for country: milkers, $25 and $30;
farmers, $lfi and *2fi; choremen, $15 and $20;
stableman, $30; foreman for fruit ranch, $30;
tt-amsters for country, $1 75 a day; 4 gravel
minors, $2 50 day. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 62S Sacramento St.
WANTED— Head waiter. $25 to $35; colfired
cook tor soldiers; restaurant waiters, $6 and
$8 week; young porter, $10; night cooks and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62s
Sacramento st.
A— EMPLOYERS* OF HELP —
Please remember
i MURRAY & READY
supply most of the corporations
syndicates, banks and trustr- —. ■ —
and other larire concerns, including smaller
enterprises located on the Pacific Coast. We
sent U7,o<Ki) seventeen thousand men to work
during the year 1597. What
MURRAY & READY have done
and are doing for others
they con do for you, send you
first-class help at once.
"lree of charge."
634 and 636 Clay St.; telephone Main SB4B.
I A— s26 and found 15 laborers
wanted to cut bruth, clear land, and make
yourself otherwise useful; $26 per month and
found; fare 35c. MURRAY & READY.
Lending Employment Agents, 634 and 636
| Clay st.
I A— s2 50 day miners
to the great travel mines wanted: 25 miners,
$2 50 day; steady Job. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay St., Leading Employment
Agents.
A— 24 haymakers $26, 25 and $20
per nit nth and found; 25 farm hands, differ-
ent places and counties in C;-ifornla, $26, $25,
$2ti and $15 per month and round; 6 choreboys
and men for ranches, $10, $12 and $15 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
I A— MILKERS milkers milkers
5 milkers; tfO, $25 and $20; different places in
California. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
flay st.
A— THE 3 great railroad
corporations; we are sending men to cut 2,-
000. 000 railroad ties; Be, 9c, 10c and lie each;
do you want to go? MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay St., Leading Employment
Agents.
A— GREAT crowds are dally
going from our office to the woods to cut
pine, oak. red and lnar.zanita wood; 226 men
now wanted; $1 50, $1 25, $1 and 70c cord.
MURRAY A READY, Loading Employment
Agents, C 34 and 636 Clay st.
A— "FREE" FARE - "FREE"
To-day we want to ship one passenger car
load of 55 as teamsters, laborers, etc., "free" •
"free" "fare." MURRAY & READY. Lead-
Ing Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
A— BAKERS BAKERS — BAKERS
Baker, city shop, German, $11 week; baker,
shop near city, $45 and found; baker, near
city, hotel. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st.
A— TO WORK IN THIS CITY
25 laborers, with pick and shovel, $1 75 day,
$1 60 day and $2fi per month and found
3 stablemen, $35. $25 and $20 and found.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents. 634-636 Clay st.
A— COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
9 cooks for different places, $65, $70 $50 $40
$30, $2.5; 7 waiters. $25 and $20 1
3 waiter boys. $15; 5 dishwashers, $23 $20
and $15. MURRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
ASSISTANT baker, $20 and found; city Job"
MURRAY & READY.
PORTER, country hotel. $25 and found. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
A NOTICE to j laboring men; wherever this
'■ paper ■ reaches ' city and country :
we . want *, teamsters, laborers and rockmen
'. for miles and miles of new railroad work in
California and Alaska. If you want work
1 come and see C. R. HANSEN & CO., Em-
. ployment • Agents, 104 Geary St., San Fran.
; TEN more teamsters with blankets to call at
our office at 7 o'clock to work on the coast
road;* ship this morning: free fare. C. R.
I HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
2 KITCHEN hands for a country Institution,
; $20 each; 5 dish and pot • washers, restau-
1 rants, $25; 2 restaurant porter boys, $15; pan-
■ '' tryman, summer resort, $20; 3 waiters, min-
ing towns, $25; hotel, near City. $2.">; porter,
• country hotel, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
: — ALASKA • —
' A new railroad : —
600 rockmen $3 a day;
50 bridge carpenters $3 50 a day;
summer's work. For particulars call at C. R.
HANSEN <& CO.'S Employment Agency, 104
Geary st. ; . „
ATTENTION ■ ■-
300 men for new railroads in California;
year's Job
Headers, hammersmen, mucker^ $2 to $2 50
a day; teamsters, laborers, $20 ayd found and
$1 75 a day and free fare. We ship daily,
north and south; free fare. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
5 HAYMAKERS, $20 and found; 30 woodsmen
for , barking and } bucking. $35 and board; 2
men to run a Dolbeer gang, $60 each and
found; 10 teamsters for grading work, $1 75
a day, fare $1; 15 gravel miners, $2 50 a day;
ironer, $10 a week; hand laundryman, springs,
$25 and fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
CAMP cook, railroad camp, $40 and free fare;
head and second cook for a first-class small
country hotel, $90. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. .
TO open 10 country stores: an Incorporated
j company, representing $150,000; managers and
clerks wanted. Particulars 313 Bush st.
HEAD bookkeeper, wholesale liquor house, at
once; 2 cellarmen; bottler. 313 Bush st.
RARE opportunity for a man with small capi-
tal; control of business. 313 Bush st.
"WIDE OPEN"— Clerks' .Headquarters,
1023 Market St., Just above Sixth; situations
secured for reliable applicants in the count-
ing-room, the salesroom, the shipping and
packing departments, hotels and restaurants:
over 1000 indorsements on file; one nominal
fee for year's service; managed exclusively
by San Francisco citizens on business prin-
ciples and for business purposes; new man-
agement; investigate to-day's orders.
"MONEY REFUNDED",— The Clerks' Ex-
] change, 313 Bush st., refunded money to
every member in strict accordance with con-
tract June 1 who called; this exchange gives
a member the right to try a position lor a
month or so, then another, without extra ex-
pense, and the highest fee charged does not
exceed 10c per week; think of it; compare it
with other mediums; 6 Pacific Coast offices;
responsible, well and favorably known citi-
zens employed to canvass business bouses;
you choose your own position; 800 bona-ftde
orders from leading business houses since
.January 1; investigate our system: read cre-
dentials; the largest and best-appointed of-
fices on the coast; membership exclusively.
BARBER wanted for Monday, Wednesday,
Saturday and Sunday; wages $9; young man.
911 Seventh st., Oakland.
GOOD dishwasher to assist cook: German pre-
ferred; wages $20. Call early, 222 Shipley St.
WANTED — good coatmakers at once; good
wages. Apply at 189 Jessie, U. S. tailor-shop.
WANTED— 2 good canvassers. Call bet. 7:31
and 8:30 p. m. June 6, at 22 Post st.
EXPERIENCED cook for chop house at 7
Ninth St., near Market.
BARBER wanted. 203 Montgomery aye.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 513V4 Jones st. Call
early.
WANTED— A tailor and tailoress. 916 Market
st., room S2; call early.
BOY wanted to run errands, $150 per. week.
631% Sacramento Bt.
WANTED— Sign painter; young man; steady
Job. . 702 Howard st.
WANTED— Errand boy for tailor shop; must
have experience. 604 Jessie St.. cor. Seventh.
— Experienced salesman for grocery
business; state age; reference. Box 420, Call.
GOOD presser on pants; steady work. S5B How-
ard st.. bet. Fourth and Fifth, over ball court.
PAYING business: barber shop and cigar stand
for sale; living rooms and cheap rent; want
to go out of the business. Call at 402 Mc-
Allister st.
GOOD hotel barber shop, including bath. In a
country town, for sale. For particulars at
r.04 Battery St.
SINGLE furnished fine. large sunny and airy
room. 2.V night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis.
RECRUITS wanted for this United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men. between the ages of
21. and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who* have legally de-
clared their Intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet. 5 inches and 6 feet In height. For
further Information apply at the recruiting
office. 20 Ellis st.. Sa:i Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms: 23c per night: $1 to $3 per week. •
WANTED— First-class button-hole maker and
finishers on custom vests. ' 509 Kearny st.,
room 2.
WANTED— SaIoon porter at 36 East St.; wages
$25.
i BOY to learn dentistry. Room 7, Flood build-
ing, 809 Market St. •
BEVELERS wanted. California Art Glass
Works, 103-105 Mission St.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. 8.
F. Barber College, lZShi Eighth st.
3 MEN to solicit and collect; part salary and
commission. 1202 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED — A good presser on pants. 560
Fourth St., near Brannan.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third st.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading room:
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED — Seamen and ordinary seamen for
; Alaska, Puget Sound, Mexico, etc.; apply
Mariners' Home. W. W. LANE, £04 Davis st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
ment. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. South 628.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling, 35c: only. one price. 939 Howard st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 138.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and ir>c night; 75c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764V4 Mission,
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 00c and $1 per week.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
ELEVENTH. , 106— Branch office :of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
_: AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted— Murat Halstead's great war
■book, "Our -Country in .War": all about
armies, navies, coast defenses, Maine disas-
ter, Cuba, war with Spain and relations with
foreign natlcms: nearly 600 pages: all written
since Maine disaster; magnificent colored il-
lustrations: agents making $10 to $39 per day;
no experience necessary: - liberal terms; 20
days' credit: price low;" freight paid; outfit
free; send 9 2-c stamps to pay postage. Edu-
cational Union, 324 Dearborn st., Chicago.
AGENTS wanted for "Our Naval War With
Spain"; splendidly illustrated; only au-
thentic book to be published; free outfit now
ready: act quick. National Publishing Com-
pany. Lakeside building, Chicago. .
AGENTS wanted for the latest and best colored
■ lithograph "Remember the Maine": a quick-
seller and money-maker. Apply 308 Kearny st.
10c BRINGS samples & catalogue of patriotic
emblems, etc., by return mall. Quick! Manu-
lacturer, box 1275, Boston, Mass.
THE wonderful nonpareil Edison dancing dolls-
sample by mall 25c. A. MULLIN, 242 Minna."
AGENTS to sell Dewey bust; sell at sight;
large profits. : 424 Pine st., room 5.
615 LARK IN ST.-Branch office of The Call.
, Subscriptions and want ads taken. .', "--_-■--
HOUSES "WANTED.
3 TO 5 acres,' with house. 5 or 6 rooms, near
Berkeley, Oakland, Elmhurst or Fruitvale;
lease for 3 to 5 years. - - • .
V THE • REYNOLDS CO.,
Rooms 403-4 Examiner building.
ROOMS , WANTED.
.WANTED— Desk room in i permanent ; office;
central:; $5. Box 449, Call office. :■'>,■■ .
ROOMS AND ; BOARD WANTED.
\V A NTED^Sulte or^'f^nlsVeirTiou^eTteep-
ing rooms ■ for married couple; no children.
Box 421. Call office. , . -■; v, _
J FURNITURE WANTED.
' INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to : 19 Mont-
gomery st. ; highest price paid. Tel. Davis 71. '
\V \XTKII— MIS< KIXAXEOI S. v .
PAWNBROKER— >~ gold, : silver. ,• : - cast-off
clothing : bought. Add. COLKMAN, 41 Third.
PERSONALS.
J. F. DUNN— friends know where you
-.' are. -. ■ ■ '" ; i
, MATRIMONY.
MARRY— refunded if not suited within ;
6 months; send 12c for monthly matrimonial
paper and special terms. Address 'WEDDING
BELL," 11l Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
THE Pacific, 406 Geary— Only legitimate matri-
monial assn. west of Chicago; details free.
BUSINESS A ERSONAI
COSTLESS clothes — Clothes made to order;
clothes that fit: clothes that Jar the high-
priced tailors In quality of goods and mini-
mum of price; for instance, on a $20 suit,
$5 down and $1 per week. Agency BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS. 920 Broadway. Oakland.
THERE Is a great difference in hair; I dress
your hair correctly: price 25c only; good
switches $1; best, finest quality $3 50; extra
heavy, long. ?.">: open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G.LEDERER. 11l Stockton st. • .
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third Ft., near Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
I free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic stops hair from fall-
ing out. G. LEDERER. 111 Stockton st.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and nerb cure. 179 Geary st.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
I MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St., Alameda,
j SUITS to order on easy 'nstallments. L.
LKMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
— !3
DRESSMAKERS.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaking: suits $5 up; good
fit guaranteed. 403 Turk st. ,'■■-
MME. GOLDSTEIN— Elegant, stylish dresses,
$5 up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy st., rm. 15.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 91G Market st. - ■.: -s h-%
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance-
j clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every bidden mystery in life: sh«
■ will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
Ftolen or burled property: locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life. past, present .
and future, while in a perfect trance. • Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamo for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 12C6 Market st.. opposite Sixth.
A— MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE, 1346 Market st.:
trance medium. Without asking a question
she tells the name of her callers; she tells
past, present and future correctly; tells your
.age and occupation; she reunites the sepa-
rated, changes luck, causes speedy and happy
marriages with the one of your choice; shs
locates burled treasures, removes evil influ-
! ences and all long-standing aliments. Letters
with stamps enclosed promptly answered. ■
YOUR future told by cards; ladles, 10c; gents.
25c. 221 Sixth st. ■
MME. LE NORMANDE. reliable clairvoyant,
card render, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth.
MISS EDNA v. GRANT, card reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny St., room 2. .
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 20c. 148 Sixth St., room 10.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card '
reader: 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell at.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pre-
fession: never fails: advice: help. 92? Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRs'sEELEY. grand test meeting to-night.
1133 Mission St.; 8 p. m. ; bring flowers; 10c.
MRS. SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister; tel. Jessle.9sB.
MRS. BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant, card
reader: Hindoo control: hours 10-5. 579 Geary.
MRS. SHAFFEI:. test and business medium!
sittings dally. 2124 Sixth st. _
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st. : read-
ings $1: cir. Tues.. Frl.. 2 p. m.: Pat., S: 25c.
! MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
• ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
M FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
llum. lIS Hnlght st.
PALMISTKY.
FREE lecture by Mrs. Chandler. Sunday, 8
. p. m. : hall 305 Lark In st.; readings daily; SSI
Geary st. . . .»,!
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute. 402H Geary; hypnotism truiKiit;
diplomas Issued: diseases and habits cured.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth. $5: see new flexible
plates: light and thin: warranted ten years;
j teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings. r.oc: crown?. $3 50; all
I work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
I tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. : telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK Dentists— Full set of teeth. $5 up;
painless extraction; fillings, 26c up; old plates
made over or mended; work warranted;
crowns and bridges; open Sundays. 969 Mis-
sion St., southeast corner of Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates ar»
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting r,oc; gas given.
I DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extractln- and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up: fillings. 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand: open even-
Ings. 997 Market St.. corner Sixth.
DR. LUELLA COOL. 554 Sutter: crowns. $5;
aluminum plates & bridge work a specialty.
L. A. TEAGUE A. CANE and F. TEAGUT^T
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-«'>7.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market St.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers: 1100 grad-
uates-placed since 1592: catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, m Market St.;
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $30; low rates per week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations: a
course in Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 535 Market st.
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newel P^rry.Ph. 8.. Fei-
low -in Mathematics. U. c., 2407 S. Atherton,
nr.Channlng way, Berkeley for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, mm
Ing, mech. survey, assay, arch it. : day & eve.;
est. 186«. VAN PER NAILLEN. Ml Market.
COMPETENT teacher piano wishes pupils;
terms reasonable. Call or address 1206>4j
Jackson st.
SHORTHAND taught in one month; terms $10;
students should Investigate. 712 Van Ness.
~ LOST.
STRAYED— From Army and Bryant sts., light
gray horse. Return to 3020 Twenty-sixth St..
receive . reward.
LOST— Sutro's Baths, purse containing
money, gold ring; initials. Return to 2 Mary
Terrace. *
LOST— English setter bitch: black, white and
tan. Return JOT Kearny st. ; reward.
Mexican parrot. Please return to 3484
Twenty-second st. : liberal reward.
I LOST— June 2, white Spitz dog. Return to 1720
Broadway; reward. _ -■.•>
LOST— Ocean View, Great Dane dog; dark
gray, undipped; ears cut; named "Collls"
Liberal reward, S. J. ALEXANDER Ocean
View.
MAY 31. a diamond scarf pin on Market Tav-
lor or Eddy st. Leave at 219 Eddy st. ; re-
ward $5. .
LOST— A female pug, answers to the name of
Flcssle : _Return to 1106 Hyde st.
A BLACK overcoat on Kearny or Sutter sts •
reward. HARRIS. Marine Hospital.
________ _
FOUND.
FOUND— A purse. Owner~may~recov7r" sarri
20*1 P sTn 80 n me O nerShit ' Payl "S «*"««■*
ATTORNEYS AT V LA . ~ '
ALL private law cases, insoh^n^v^oTlecTlo^r
free advice; open cv. Atty McO^Tw&tmS
A Stllk E 14 f MnAn n ♦ all tesa1 ' matters. T. F.
btack. 14 McAllister st., room 64. /
AWVIW^A W V1 W^ D^ D^x?^u? k '? V"" c " c^ al -
_^__-^ TYPEWRITERS-^
ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
VY I BAY&A lv:l v : <£"? ;for «»nple, work.
BCOTT * BANNAN, 333 Montgomery :«UBUSINESS CHANCES.
FIRST-CLASS 1 ut.W "shop", north el
Market st. ; 2 horses, 2 wagons, handsome
■tore; clearing $125 to $150 per month; trial.
M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$500— SALOON, north Market; great business
street; big transient and regular trade; large
etock, fine fixtures; 6 living rooms; owi;.>r
there 8 years; other business cause of sale;
genuine offer. M. LESS, 765 Market st. w ..
$150— CORNER butcher shop; best part in Mis-
sion; neat store, bound to attract custom;
receipts $9 to $10; Saturdays $25; -all cash
trade; departure cause of sale; great sacrl-
flce. M. LESS. 765 Market st. _^
CORNER saloon and lunch house, princi-
pal street heart of city: old established; large
etock; handsome fixtures; business speaks for
Itself; full Investigation to prove that this
offer Is actually worth $1500; present owner
. there for years; sickness compelling sale.
Apply M. LESS, 765 Market St., opposite PUe-
lan building.
$1250— 01d-established corner suloon- best part
of city front; handsomely fitted up; enjoys
large patronage of most desirable class of
trade; full investigation if you mean busi-
• ness. M. LESS. 765 Market et. ..
Bakery; principal street, heart of city;
living rooms; rent $25; baking 14 bbls. flour
, per day; all store trade; impossible to find
anything better In this line. M. LESS. 765
Market st.
$75 PER month will secure you lease of dairy
business clearing now $150 to $200 per month;
security required; trial given. M. LESS. 765
Market st.
$1250— BARROOM doing a first-class paying
business and elegantly lined up; close to
Palace Hotel; rent $50; a rare business open-
ing, call WILKK, 7i3 Market ut.. new uum-
ber 845.
OLD-ESTABLISHED and first-class pay-
ing saloon; close to Baldwin Hotel; low rent; j
elegant fixtures; a great sacrifice; important
business calls owner north. Call WILKE,
iS3Va Market st.
A-SCOO RESTAURANT in the very best loca-
tion, doing a rushing business: first-class
prices and best class custom: low rent. In-
qulre Wli.Ki:. 753 Market st.
A— s2so— SALOON close to water front; low 1
rent: rooms; doing a good paying business.
Be ■• '•'- ILK 753 Market st.
$550— PARTNER wanted in good paying liquor
store; lame stock; very best location; owner
wants an honest, industrious man. See
_ WILKE. 753 Market st.
A— sl7so; BEST-PAYING restaurant In city; es-
tablished years; kej..t by owner the last five
years; private rooms; the very best business
location; average daily receipts above $40. In-
_quire WILKE. 753 MaVket st
• ESTABLISHED saloon in choicest
• down-town location. with building; long
lease; doing a first-class paying business;
other engagements compel owner to sacrifice.
WILKE. 753 Market st.
$400— SALOON; first-class business; close to
Phelan building; a bargain. See WILKE.
753 Market. st.
KREDO & CO. — 22'-t Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
i $2000— I rug store; goou chance for practi-
cal man.
" $750 — Millinery; clears $250 monthly during |
season.
— RoadhouM; 20 rooms; dance hall.
$3So— Rcadhou.se; San Bruno road; furniture.
$750— Corner grocery and bar; 4 furnished
rooms.
$175 — Grocery an.! bar; give-away.
$So<>— Delicacy; flnecorner; with living rooms.
— Best shooting gallery; cigar stand.
For particulars call on -REDO & CO.
.A— fMOO: WOOD, coal, hay, grain and livery
stable; clears $200; full value of stock.
KREIX) & CO.
$501 — CORNER eery and bar; good horse an.l
wagon; stock worth price asked. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 23 ......I :■£
$2500 — SALOON and club rooms for sale or ex-
change: city or country property near the
city. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., a Kearny st.
$250 FRl'IT store; good horse and wagon; bar-
gain. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$150— RESTAURANT: bargain this day; leaving
. the city. MCLAUGHLIN &. CO., 23 Kearny.
$275— LIGHT {iianufacturing business for sale;
horse, wagon and route; a bargain on ac-
count of other business. Particulars 244
Third st.
FOR SALE on account of other business, a
nicely fitted up restaurant; suitable for man
"at: . wife. Apply at 967 Mission st.
BUTCHERS, attention!— For sale very cheap.
.one of the be&t shops in the city; other
•• business the cause of selling. Box 4678. Call.
$125— BRANCH bakery; 4 rooms; great bargain;
$473, restaurant. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23
Kearny st.
FOR SALE— Home bakery, notions, tamales;
•good trade; cheap rent. 1913 Howard St.
MAX with $500 to back well-known soubrette;
sinK • Eastern favorite; star. Box 454, Call.
FIRST-CLASS paying restaurant, established
for 8 years with same owners; best location:
junction of two leading streets: trial given
before purchasing: price made to suit buyer;
present owners going to Europe. For particu-
lars address K. ,T.. box 9. 'Call office.
NEWSPAPER wanted; a practical printer, ex-
.■ perienc-od in all lines of country work, wants
to' lease a weekly paper. for one year, with I
privilege of purchase. Address box 446, Call, j
$200— PARTNER wanted: suited to lain, steady i
man satisfied with $15 to *25 a week; trial :
given; short hours: duties light. 31 Third st.,
[j • room I; apply from 10 to 12 a. m.
CORNER grocery for sale; M years under pres-
ent owner, who leaves on account of sickness.
' Eighth and Harrison sts., opposite Recreation
Park.
GROCERY and bar, 4 rooms; furniture if
want( Mabie; at a bargain. Apply at 435
C.ementjna st.
SMALL firrt-class restaurant; 4 sleeping rooms;
great bargain; . party going away, Call . 656
Geary et.
FOR Sale— Blacksmith shop: tools; good busi-
ness; sickness. 4(:6 Eleventh st.
GOOD planing mill and lumber yard for sale.
Box 4.*.5, Call, office.
WANTED to buy, 20 to 35-room ■ use; central;
at bargain; no agent. Box 491, Call office.
• $400— SALOON and 10 furnished rooms; all
rented: saloon doing fine business; best loca-
tion in city; rent $20 month. BASILE, 873Vj
or 1039 Market M.
AT a bargain — strictly first-class meat mar-
ket, one of the best in the city; good locality;
establifchoa 1S70; must be sold at once. Ad-
dress box •■;. Call office.
$500— FINE milk delivery route in Santa Rosa;
5 hordes. 2 wagons, harness and all the ap-
pliances; military call reason for sale; refer- .
. encts. 2201 iStelner st.
GOOD cash milk business; 2 wagons; 2 routes;
8 horses; milk depot; cheap; owner ' leaving
town. U. S., box 7, Call office, Oakland.
REAL estate and Insurance business in grow-
ing neighborhood; chance lor enterprising i
man. 30l Noe st.
FOR sale — Salr-on and restaurant: cheap rent;
lease. 3232 Mission st., near Twenty-ninth.
GROCERY store for sale. Inquire at 220 First
St.. northwest 'corner Tehama.
SHOE shop, $O<J. Includnig machine, tools. : 625
Laguna st. --
SNAP — 40-can milk business; good milk from
country secured. cash trade clearing $150 per
month; J3OO down, balance -6 months' time;
horse, wagon, cans, etc Box 511. Call office.
$100— DAIRY depot, . with small butter route;
good-paying business; low rent; reason of
soiling, going East. Addrexs box 510, Call.
PARTNER wanted with $2000 in a wholesale
and retail liquor business. Address box 008.
Call office. **"*'" '-■--■'•'■■■
FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale. Address
Call agency. Stockton. . . -
NOTION store and bakery for sale; less than
half; must sell. 161!> Grove »t., Oakland.
ONLY restaurant In St. Helena. Napa Co. ;
good paying; bargain, on account of owner
leaving State. Address P. MNEKIRK. St.
Helena. Cal. '
FOR sale-2 old-entab.lshed groceries and bars;
price $2500 and $1260. Apply Call office.
SALOON for sale. 131 Bush. st.
BRANCH bakery and grocery: will sell cheap
on account of sickness. 637 Sixth st.
WANTED— Young lady partner with $200; good
business. X., box 10, Call office. Oakland.
WANTED— A partner with $200 capital \ for
newly Invented machine; very useful article.
Apply J. JOHNSON. 741 Minna St., from 11
a. m to 3 p. m. : •" ■ '
FOR sal*— Call route at San Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
1 , F. PIEI-t'!:. San Jose. . . -. . -.y.;; 'A.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from-GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 41» Sacramento st.
SUMMER lesort and beer garden to sell or I
rent. MRS. BOEKELMANN, ■ Lorin. Cal.
¥aLOON for sale; cheap: no night work. 606
Clay st. - . ,:■:•..■•
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FOR D-WBOIL Alaska Venture Co. Steamship
Prof Morse, sails for St. Michaels June 10,
connecting with the speediest steamer on the
Yukon the F. M. Smith; unexcelled facilities
for handling freight and , passengers: bef or.
• making contracts call at general of nee. - 629
Market «t. - '" -
DRY washer for dry mining. $25; will run 20
ton* a day.' .'ll ICst- Sunset District.
SEWING aiACIIINKS. ",.
12 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, • bought, •• sold;
tnachlnt ■ ropplle* 345 i Sixth; . phone Mint «S.
ALL kind* bought, ; sold, - exchanged, , rented;
reoairlne. lowest ■ rate.. 205 Fourth it. ,1
lodging houses for sale.
1 OFFER FOR~SALE """
4 20-room houses; from $300 to $1600
3 50-room houses;. from $1400 to. 3000
3 105-room houses; from $2500 to 6000
65-room hotel; cost $10,000..... 3SOO
60-room apartment, house for exchange.. 4000
7-room . flat •on Geary st... »' 250
20-room house ...SSOO 22-room house ..$5OO
10- room house .. 150 24 rooms, corner.. 750
65 rooms, cor ..30001 14 rms. on Sutter 700
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
LIST your houses with me. I can sell for cash.
I WANT NO EXCLUSIVE CONTRACT.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— KREDO & CO — -22*4 Geary "stT
-. -• • UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
List with us; no charge for advertising; 600
houses; ell sizes; all prices.
Following are a few special bargains:
23 rooms; reduced from $1000 to $600
SS rooms; worth $2500; for AA" 1300
20 rooms; sunny corner; bargain at $2000-1600
20 rooms; rent only $60 ...750
Many large houses from 50 to 500 rooms, too
numerous to mention. KREDO & CO.. 22M:
Geary st. '
$2000— LODGING house wanted in exchange for
Oakland unlncumbered house and lot. KRE-
DO & CO., 22H Geary st. . ■ ■ -
WINSTON & CO.. 646 MARKET ST.
15 rooms; doctor pays $75; payments.... ssoo
- 15 rooms; $200 cash; balance $10 monthly.. 450
16 rooms; doctor pays $60: $600 cash 1350
IS rooms; corner; part cash 858
i 35 rooms; rent $100; part cash; only 950
i 40 rooms; rent $65; pick-up 500
43 rooms; first floor pays rent; central 4000
36 ROOMS, substantial furniture, cheap, in
city; would exchange for lots. 472 Eighth St.,
room 7. Oakland. .
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
2 BEDROOM sets good as new, S-4, $3: double
with marble top, $7. 424 Tehama, near Fifth.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
Fame as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
1 in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
! payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
I $5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy: prices low-
- eft. ' Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
WE are offering some great piano bargains In
second-hand pianos; fine ones $155: others In
proportion. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-18-20
O'Farrell St.; Chlckerlng agents.
CLARK WISE & CO.. 41 Geary St., cor. Grant
aye.. offer three ways to buy a piano; no
trouble to explain particulars. Conover Agts.
A STEINWAY piano for $100; a Chlckering for
$!>0; examine list of bargains this week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market St.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans.
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post st.
AN Emerson piano, good for practice, $50; an-
other. $75; also elegant piano, $175. J. DEW-
ING CO., room 12, Flood building.
NEW pianos rented. $2 50 per month. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
BEST goods; lowest prices; easy payments;
pianos to rent atMAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
BARGAINS— $125. $150: agency famous
Halnes Bros. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post St.
GREAT bargains; Decker, Schubert, Steinway,
Neuman, others. Homung's, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest; priEe lowest: uprights $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis St.
A GOOD upright, very cheap. 16 McAlllstei
St., next Hibernla Bank. SCHMITZ. 
KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles.
..• .KOHLER & CHASE.. 30 O'Farrell st. .
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
$145 FOR an almost new $300 piano. Call at
1661 Mislson st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
A NEW sealskin; latest style; price $90; cost
$180. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
GOLD quartz chain, cost $60. price $30. At
UNCLE HARRIS. 15, Grant aye.
FOlt — Columbia road racer, good order,
$30 or offer; also Italian mandolin, $13 60;
cost $40; after 6 p. m. 1612 Pacific aye.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOON A N., 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St.. above Sixth.
$100— CENTER-BOARD yacht for sale;, nearly
new: masts, sails,, oars; everything complete
as she stands. Address box 475, Call office.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment: 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
BOILER, engines, tools, metals, electrical
goods. WHITE'S. 514-516-518 Mission st. 1
I $67 50— PIANO, good condition: $5 down. $3 per
month. 223 Sutter st.
'< LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl,
: goods: new 2d-hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-liand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 653 Sacramento.
FAFF:S-- Bargains in new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10: Records. $5 per doz.;
Projectoscope. $100. Bacigalupl, 833-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck,- letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases,- counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and Bold. ICC3 Mission, near Seventh.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor ' work
send • to" SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works. 353-57 Tehama St. ; teL S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main BM. QEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
i J. McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet Cleaning Co., 453
1 Stevenson St.: tel. S. 228: lowest rates.
i CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relaid at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Elg h St.; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
-Works. 14 8t . St. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
. st.:. cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel "ast 126.
___. PROPOSALS. ~ •■■>
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS— Pursuant to an
order of the Board of Trustees of the State
Normal School of San Diego, California, no-
. tice Is hereby given that sealed proposals
will be received by said board until 1C o'clock
a. m. of June 24, 1838. for furnishing the
, materials and performing the labor necessary
j for the erection and completion of the cen-
tral portion of the San Diego State Normal
School building. .
Separate proposals will be i received and
separate contracts made for furnishing the
materials and performing • the labor neces-
sary for each of the following parts of said
building, to wit : 1. For . the , masonry work,
. including all brick, concrete and cement
-work and all necessary excavations and - nil-
ing; 8. for the iron work; 3. for the carpenter,
plastering, electric and glaring work; 4 for
the plumbing and gas-fitting work; 6,- for th«
• tinning and galvanized Iron work; 6, far
painting and varnishing.  . '
No proposal will be considered unless ; ac-
companied with - bond of such proposer
equal to 10 per cent of his proposal, with at
least two good and sufficient sureties, con-
ditioned that If his proposal shall be ac-
cepted he will duly enter into a proper con-
. Each proposal must be made on blanks
furnished for that purpose, and, together
• with the above-mentioned bond. Inclosed In
a sealed envelope addressed to the Trustees
. State Normal School of San Diego, with an
Indorsement thereon showing what portion or
the building; is covered by the inclosed pro-
posal, and delivered to the Merchants' Na-
tional Bank of San^Dlego, California, before
- 10 o'clock a. m. of June 24, 189s.
Said proposals will be publicly opened and
contracts based thereon _ will be made on
June 24. 1898, at 10 o clock am., at room 35.
Flßher Opera-house block, In San Diego. Call-
: fornla. ••' • •• - ' . ■■•"-••.•;:"
The contractors to whom . contracts are
awarded' will be required to file with said
. board a good and sufficient , bond to the
amount of 25 per cent of the contract price
for ; the faithful and proper performance ■ of
1 : : his contract. ..
. The plans and specifications of said build-
' Ing can be seen during, business hours at th*
\ office -of Hebbard 4 Gill, architects, Grant
building, 1 San , Diego. California. ,-
The . Board of. Trustees reserves the right
: to reject any or all proposals made.
• ■ State ; Normal School .of San Diego, Cali-
fornia. .
By W R. GUY-.. President Board Trustees.
Attest- ROBERT C. JONES. ■: Secretary.
TREASURY Department, ? Washington, D. C,
May 13. • Sealed proposals .-: will be ' re-
ceived at this department until 2 o'clock p.m.,
■ Wednesday, June 22. 1898, : for manufacturing
and placing in position In the United States
• building, San Francisco, . Cal., certain quar-
' tered white oak furniture. . Drawings.- specifi-
cations and blank forms ; of ■ proposal ■ can .be
obtained upon' application '• to the custodian,
? 'custom house, San Francisco," Cal. : The right
< to, reject any and all 'bids, 7 and to waive de-
?' fects Is • l reserved". V? Proposals 'should .be '.'ad-
dressed' to the Secretary of the Treasury.
Washington, ' D. C, and indorsed: "Proposals
3 f er ; Furniture, Ran Francisco, » Cal." ; , O. *L.
\ ■ SPAUL'DINa, Assistant Secretary. . — . . <
THE SA3S FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1898.
HOISF.S TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN
You Bee houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
DORE, 274— House of 6 rooms; Cl 4; 2 flats;
would answer for 2 families.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake ets. ; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 62S Market st.
HAIGHT, 4S3— Two-story house, 7 rooms; bath;
cellar and yard; $27 50.
POLK, 1710, r near Clay— Modern bay-window
house, 7 rooms and bath; $25.
BUNNY 7-room house; modern Improvements;
large garden; stable if desired; rent reason-
able. 1813% O'Farrell st.
TO let— House of 30 rooms and bath; newly
painted. 933 Mission st.
TURK, 524V4— Sunny modern house, 6 rooms,
bath; gas; $18, with water; rear.
10-ROOM house; good location; good shape. .sso
14-room house; nicely situated 45
14-room house; fine corner; long lease 80
THE REYNOLDS CO..
Rooms 403-4 Examiner building.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, 3628 A —Sunny cottage, 6 rooms, base-
ment; rent $8; rear cot,tage.
CORNER cottage of 5 rooms, $13; yard. Lom-
bard and Hyde sts.
COTTAGE house, 2 large sunny rooms, yard,
basement. Apply 622 Minna, st., near Seventh.
SUNNY cottages, 5 and 6 rooms; bath; base-
ment; yard; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St.. near
Dolores.
TURK, 1707, near Scott— Cottage of 4 rooms and
yard.; $10.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms; water
free. 109 Collins st., near Geary.
$20— COTTAGE, 5 rooms; prettiest in city, new;
2963 Twenty-first st.; key at corner grocery.
339 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FL'KMSHED HOUSES TO LET.
9-ROOM house; good garden; sunny rooms;
fine location; owner going north; lease — $50
8-room house; -«ood location; sunny rooms;
finely furnished; very desirable 75
16-room residence for wealthy family; ele-
gantly furnished; nice quiet neighbor-
hood; long lease to right party 100
THE REYNOLDS CO..
Rooms 403-4 Examiner building.
NEW, modern, sunny corner house, nicely fur-
nished; 7 rooms and bath. Apply ?"25 Cali-
fornia st.. corner Second aye.
TAYLOR, 810— Completely rumi hed sunny
house. 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:30 and
4 pm.
FLATS TO LET.
A — WE want at once 200 tenants; we will make
special Inducements; 10 to 30 days free rent;
flats from $7 to $35; all our flats are reduced;
get list. SPECK - CO., 602 Market st.
A 6-ROOM upper flat; rent $12; sun all day.
1016 Minna st., between Eleventh and Twelfth
and Lafayette.
A FINE view— New sunny upper flat of 6
rooms and bath. 1005 Hayes st.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN ft
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery it.
CASTRO, 1512. near Twenty-fifth— Flat, 4 large
rooms; bath, gas. mirror-top mantels; $11 60.
EIGHTEENTH. 4585, 4587, 4591, near Hattle — 4
and 5 rooms and bath, $10, $12 and $13.
FLAT of 7 sunny rooms and bath; modern Im-
provements, 5425 Twentieth St., bet. C'app
and Howard; also flat of 4 rooms and bath,
3442 Twentieth st.
FLATS and oottage to let, Bryant and Juniper
ets. Apply to owner, MRS. L. LOUGHRAN,
Sl9 Bryant st.
FLAT to let; yard In front and back. 12
Lewis St., bet. Taylor, Jones, Sutter and Post.
FOLSOM. Sl6, near Fourth— Flat of 4 rooms,
with water, $10 month; sunny side.
FOLSOM, S. W. cor. Thirteenth— Two flats, 6
rooms, bath; rent suit times. Apply premises.
FRANKLIN, 715— Upper flat; corner: 6 rooms
and bath; first-class order; reasonable.
FULTON. 118— Fine middle sunny flat, seven
rooms; bath; near City Hall.
GROVE, 731— Upper flat; fine, light sunny
rooms; bath: adults.
HARRISON, 2041. opp. Eighteenth— Two sunny
flats; 3 and 4 rooms; rent $9 and $10.
HAVES, 1751. and 1706 Waller— Sunny flats; 3
to 5 rooms and hath; $7 60 to $15; m>ar park.
HOWARD, 1720, NW. cor. Erie, near Thirteenth
—Seven rooms; choice; sunny; $25; water free;
key at 1722 Howard; appreciated if seen.
JESSIE, 440— Flat of 6 rooms; sunny side; no
children.
NINETEENTH, 3930, bet. Noe and Sanchei—
Flat, 5 large rooms; bath, gas. large yard;sl2 50.
PIERCE. 3000. corner Filbert— A modern upper
flat of 6 rooms and bath; rent $25.
POND, 35, intersection of Market and Sixteenth
— Flat of 6 rooms and bath.
POST, 1706—3 and 4 rooms; eunny flats; bath;
garden; rent $12 and $15.
SHOTWELL, 869— Upper modern flat; 6 rooms
and bath; rent cheap. Apply MADISON &
BURKE.
SUNNY partly furnished flat. 6 rooms, $12 50;
water free; stable accommodation for horees
and carriage. 42 Norton St., near Mission.
SUNNY flat, 5 rooms and bath; rent $18. 1577
Turk st.
|14 — Cozy sunny lower flat, 4 rooms, bath and
yard. 6 Shotwell St., near Fourteenth.
|20— Flat of 6 rooms and bath: all modern Im-
provements. 3879 Seventeenth St., near Noe.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
("all. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage |
free.
. — 1
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA, 1520— Pleasant sunny rooms
suitable for 2 persons; board optional; table
board. ■-.-■■ ' . ■' • - "~ ..:■■"' '
EDDY, 915— or 4 . furnished or unfurnished
rooms; gas range; fine location; private resi-
dence. ...>■•.■.
EIGHTH, 108 — Housekeeping: sunny front
room, bay window, with kitchen. . , . .
ELLIS, 214— Sunny front rooms; also house-
keeping; $1 60 to $2 60 per week.
ELLIS, 618— Sunny housekeeping rooms, fur-
nished, $15. ••-..•: ' :
FIFTH, 353— 2 furnished parlors, kitchen, bath,
$21; also one nice room, $7.
FOLSOM, Complete sunny housekeeping
rooms, single and double, very reasonable.
GEARY. — 3 handsome sunny corner rooms;
gas » range; other rooms; cheap.
GEARY, G56,' formerly — Elegant sunny par-
lor suites; single, double rooms; housekeeping,
GEARY, 1917— For adults; 4 comfortable rooms;
bath, two beds; two stoves; gas and coal; $20.
HOWARD, 704, corner > Third— furnished
rooms; also housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
HOWARD, — Sunny ■ completely furnished
housekeeping; also double and single rooms,
$5 up. - ■•- ■■'■ - _-
HOWARD, Newly furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
HOWARD, 1205—2 rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping; cheap.
JESSIE— 2  large ._ furnished housekeeping
rms.; sunny yard; $11; 1 bay-window rm., $10.
LARK IN, 1073^— Newly ' furnished • room for
housekeeping; also single rooms.
MINNA, — Nice front room and kitchen; no
children. ■
MISSION, i 2225, near ; Eighteenth— sl4; 2 large
sunny furnished rooms, with use of dining-
room, kitchen and bath.
MISSION, 945— Kitchen and .' front . room, with
folding bed, complete for housekeeping. .
NINTH, 20, near Market— suite, single,
small kitchen, $13; front bay-window, light
housekeeping, $8 60; gas. ■ ; -. .'
OAK, 64— Front sunny furnished parlor;, new
house. .. ■ ', •'•„■•! '"' ■ t. ' ' -■- ' - :-
PINE, 1300, . corner Hyde— sunny floor,
..: 2or 3 rooms: stove; reasonable. *, '
POINT LOBOS n*e., 2200—3 sunny rooms and
• bath; rent reasonable. ■
POLK, 1519—3 sunny furnished rooms for
: housekeeping. - ..;.;..',
POLK. 1643. , cor. . Clay— :.:' large newly ; . fur-
nished sunny ; front | rooms; housekeeping: . $26.
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 i sunny ; rooms I furnished
: for housekeeping; rent $9.' .: .-;. .
THIRD, Sunny housekeeping rooms com-"
" plete; first floor; hot and cold water; bath;
KB5. y. ■■ .-■■." '.:■■':' ■'_■::■ :■■'" ■ ■' : - ■-.;.:';':. :-.-_■
THIRD. r r Furnished room, complete for
:.; « housekeeping, $5; 2 rooms for $10 a ; month. .
TURK, ' 648— Large : front "' rooms, complete v for
,: housekeeping; gas and bath; $12 and $16." .
VAN ; NESS ' aye., • 1021— : front , sunny suite,
; furnished complete; *as range, bath, etc. ;, . : ,
WEBSTER.* 821— Upper flat ,4 sunny front
rooms: • bath: $16. .- : .'i. -...-...■ -
OAKLAND r HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
THREE i or 5 - pleasant | sunny : rooms, < furnished
housekeeping; nice grounds; central. 615 16th.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT Hotel Florence — Elegant suites from $20
month; single $10; a quiet home; bath; eleva-
tor; every convenience for families and large
. parties, by the day or week; give us a call.
AT 112 Taylor (The Keystone)— New manage-
ment; new furniture; elegant rooms; nic«
board.
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 715-717-719— Furnished and
unfurnished; choice and Bunny; reasonable.
AT 52 Second st. — Nice clean single, double and
light housekeeping rooms; $1 a week and up.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homellkT; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. ; trunks
moved to any part of city, 26c; phone Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleaaant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; flrxt-claaa
in every respect; terme reasonable.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet bouse; baths; gas; very reasonable.
AT 147 Powell and 211 O'Farrell, nicely fur-
nished rooms by day, week or month.
CALIFORNLA-, 1256— Large sunny front room,
furnished, $10; also single, $6; gas; bath.
CENTRAL AYE., 416, near Golden Gate Park-
Large sunny room; newly furnished; for gent.
CLINTON Park, 130. near Thirteenth and Va-
lencia — Nice sunny furnished room, use of
kitchen, $8; no children.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or uiv^
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— If you want sunny, clean, quiet
rooms call here; $6 up.
EDDY, 207— Newly furnished single and double
rooms, $6 a month and up.
EDDY, 628 1 -Elegant sunny front bay-window
suite; running water, bath, gas, grate; suit-
able 2 or more gentlemen; also nice single
room.
EDDY, 743— Parlor flnor of 4 unfurnished rooms;
also upper fiat; reasonable.
ELEGANTLY furnished large bay-window
front room, Geary St., near Van Ness, for
couple without children, or steady single
party; every bit new. Address box 439, Call.
ELEGANTLY furnished apartments with spe-
cial privileges for refined gentleman; no
other roomers. Address E. G., box 451, Call.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week.
ELLIS House, 1211 Market, nr. Sixth— Furnish-
ed rooms, $1 60 to $5 per week; transient.
FRANKLIN, 327— Large furnished front room,
us* of kitchen, bath; rent $9.
GEARY, 595, cor. Jones--Elegant sunny rooms,
suites and single; strictly first-class, refs.
GEARY, 622— Pretty, sunny bay-window front
room; runiiing water; single rooms.
GIRARD HOUSE, cor, Seventh and Howard—
Sunny rooms, moderate; also housekeeping.
GLOBE Hous». 821 Howard— Per night, 250 to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HYDE, 408— Sunny suite and single rooms, with
or without board; excellent table; reasonable.
MCALLISTER, 1270—2 elegantly furnished
sunny rooms; 1 alcove.
MINNA, 28— Furnished rooms to let; $1 per
week.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week.
MISSION, 925^4— Handsomely furnished sunny
bay-window front rooms; grate; gas; quiet.
MISSION, 1226— Nice large sunny parlor; piano,
running water; bath; suitable 2; $10 month.
OAK, 22— Large light sunny front room; suit-
able for workshop or storage: cheap.
O'FARRELL, 231— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
PHILADELPHIA House— Furnished rooms, 760
week and upwards. 421 Bush st.
POST, 239 (Bohemia)— Elegant sunny rooms for
families and gentlemen; strictly first-class.
POST, 622 — Sunny suite or slnele rooms: first-
class In every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
SACRAMENTO, 1365— Three rooms; separate
entrance; rent $7; good yard.
SEVENTH, 653— 59; 4 large sunny rooms; cot-
tage.
! SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth it.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER State House, 16-18 Mason st.— Fur-
nished rooms; single, $1 50 to $3 a week.
sulteß, $4 to $5; baths; elevator; electric
lights; hot and cold water; transient solic-
ited: restaurant connected. MRS. J. GALE,
proprietor.
SIXTH, 429 — Large sunny front room.
SUNNY room; bath; gas; Protestant family.
Box 499. Call office.
SUTTER, 426—2 nicely furnished sunny con-
necting rooms, singly or together; references.
SUTTER, 1111— Nice front suites, $12 month;
single rooms, $5; also complete housekeeping
rooms.
SUTTER. 114.8— Fur. sunny rooms, or as offices;
bay window, gas, baths; running water; mod.
TAYLOR. 109— Sunny double room with sep-
arate beds, $10; sunny single room. $1 SO.
THREE or 4 furnished rooms to let; bath and
use of piano. 8176 Twenty-fourth st.
TURK, 405 — Front sunny furnished rooms; $6
up; bath.
TURK. 524. near Larkirv— Sunny parlor floor of
6 rooms, bath; gas.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
ROOMS A..l> BOARD.
ALL sunny bay-window rooms, everything
new, cheerful; first-class every respect; board
optional. The Slrlus, 1505 Stockton; Kearny cam
ELLIS, 618— Sunny bay-window room, with
board, reasonable.
ELLIS. 518— Nicely fXiralshed rooms, best
board; $20 per .onth.
FOLSOM, 611— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
MINNA, 571B— Nice sunny rooms, with board;
private; Investigate.
SCUTH PARK. 169— Good table board, $S per
week; with nice sunny front room. $4 week.
THE Oriel— With or without board; new. ele-
gantly furnished, beautiful sunny Market-st.
suites, with board for 2, $40 per month; single
rooms accordingly.
SUTTER, 767 — Elegant sunny rooms, with ex-
ceptional board; select location; reasonable.
SUTTER, 1128— Sunny suite; single rooms: first-
class board; large grounds. Mrs.W. F. Evans.
VAN NESS aye., 808— Sunny newly furnished
rooms, electric lights, bath, with board;
terms moderate.
$4 A MONTH: sitting and bedroom combined;
sunny; gentleman; furnished. Box 4497, Call.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WIDOW would board 1 or 2 small children or
Infant. 2279 Seventeenth st., near Mission.
JESSIE, 339— G00d home for Infant or 1 or 2
children; own cow; mother's care: references.
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board; a
mother's care: references. 2"4' A Sixth «t.
STORES TO LET.
FOR rent, completely furnished, butcher shop,
corner Cortland aye. and Andover st. ; rent
reasonable. Apply 440 Cortland aye., or 3501
Mission st.
CORNER store. Twenty-fourth and Florida
Bts. ; formerly occupied by drug store. In-
quire at 2902 Twenty-fourth st.
CORNER; always bakery; new oven; 6 living-
rooms; 100 Franklin St. DR. MEYER. 935
Market st.
NICE large store to let at 625 Post st. ; rent
$20.
NORTHEAST corner Pacific and Sansome Bts.;
handsome corner store, with or without base-
ment; cheap.
SANCHEZ. 375— Store, with 3 living rooms;
next to public school; reasonable.
$12— STORE, with fixtures, 8 living rooms and
cellar. IQOS Nntoma St., near Eleventh.
OFFICES TO LET.
PHYSICIANS; dentists — Corner bay-window
suites of three rooms; first floor. 102 Ellis
St.. corner Powell.
HORSES.
$6cTb"uYB a 1100-pound gentle horse and covered
wagon and harness; all In order for camping;
cheap outfit. 521 X St., Sunset District.
10 CAMPING horses cheap; wagons and har-
ness auction every Tuesday. 721 Howard st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth St.; auction sales -jvery Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses: must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia st. T. P. NEWELL.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
GOOD hack, coupe, surrey and wagonette, and
second-hand and new wag-one : cheap. Bull's
Head Repository, Fifteenth -nd Valencia.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lte-
bold Harness Co., 211 La<cln. opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and ml'k wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy ; alto 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$350—240x200; BLOCK 183, Abbey Homestead As-
sociation, San Mateo County. - CHARLES : C.
FISHER, 624 Market st. : , - r
46 FEET 10 inches on Mission st. by 127% on
Spear. ; Inquire at 546 ■ Clay ' st. i ' • ■
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
DON'T LOSE THE CHANCE.
■ -,' $1000 iif sold . this ■> week— acres, 3 miles
from Napa; good home; 5 rooms ; barn, orch-
ard 2 acres: plenty of wood and water; make
.finest chicken ranch in State.
$1000—28 acres, ;%- mile from town In • Butte
County; good rustic house, 4 rooms; 2 small
barns, 225 fruit trees, small blackberry patch,
3 acres timber; . balance land good for hay,
grain and potatoes. .._{..
An elegant home In citrus belt of Sonoma
County; orange, lemon and nut trees in full
bearing; also deciduous fruits; beautiful house,
richly furnished, including - new .- Chickering
piano ' that cost $550; will . be . sacrificed.
$5000—920 acres, Sonoma County; stock ranch;
. cows, horses, hogs; farming tools; • .. home, 6
rooms, furnished; barn; land all fenced; ;50
tons hay ready to cut; corn, potatoes, orchard
and vineyard;. we challenge the State for a bet-
ter bargain.
Fine country ranch, 20 acres, 1 In Sierra Ne-
vada foothills; fine place lor summer board-
ers; 1 took- in $800 in 5 months last season; 9-
room I house ; will j exchange i for East Berkeley
property, clear. '
"Wanted— Clear Oakland, Alameda or Berke-
ley property for good clear ranches.
THE REYNOLDS CO..
Rooms 403-4 Examiner building.
FOR RENT— 4OO acres ; mountain grazing in
Mendocino; abundance of water; timber
mostly tan oak. 1 Box 422, Call office.
TO parties having money to invest seeking
sure and large : returns should view ; the 100
acres superior vegetable land near this city
In Alameda County, among the best In the
county; should be viewed now just 1 as . the
crop la growing; : see the location and the
products; this is better than most invest-
ments offered and right at home, , adjoining
railroad station, fronting on a prominent
creek; no overflow nor drouth; don't delay
investigation. ALBERT E. CRANE, 410
Montgomery st. ■
$1500—170 ACRES in Contra Costa County; 4
acres orchard and vineyard; 80 acres used for
grain, balance pasture; fine , water; ' good
house, barn, etc.
$5000 — 200 acres near Napa; 100 acres nearly
level and in grain, balance pasture; • well
wooded; 100 fruit trees; 2-story house, large
barn, etc. These two places are snaps.
GAMAN & LYON, 215 Kearny st.
HOMESTEAD, Santa Clara County; fruit or
nice chicken location; price $150; worth $500,
nice trout stream; large oak timber; near
railroad station. Call , at 631 California St.,
room 1.
FOR Bale— Little home near Sonoma, Sonoma
Co.; 2V4 acres; 6-room house. Address A. H.
CHESSMORE, Sonoma, -Cal.
MODERN cottage In Berkeley for exchange
for country property: near Auburn preferred.
Address box 7555, Call office. ,
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and $20 an acre.
' M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. Cal.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of Tn« Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no del ais j
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, alfive «»xth;
tel. South 14. ■ _---
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO., 230 Kearny St., upstairs.
ANY amount at 64 per cent on real estate; 2d
and '3d mortgages, estates,, real estate in pro-
bate, furniture ■ without removal.: R. Mo-
; COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 8. '
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St.; tel. Green 204. :
ON furniture, : pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 120 Powell st.
$100,000 TO loan on income city property; $10,-
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN, 1405 Call bldg.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker 4 Co., 328 Montgomery.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
! bate. etc. Room 7, 608 California st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition.' : Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum; Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; ■- no removal: lowest
• rates; no com. :. private. 116 McAllister St.
v,;.}-,; MONEY WANTED. ,
RESPONSIBLE business man wants $300; good
■ country security. Box 406, Call office.
615 LARKIN-Branch office of The Call. Sub-
. scriptions and want ads taken.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS •on ' real : estate, bonds, etc. ; - lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS. 108 Montgomery St. .
PAWNBROKERS.
BE wise and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason St.. bet. Market and Eddy.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
1 ' in a few hours; safe and sure .at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
I home in confinement; pills and capsules, $1;
every case guaranteed; consultation free and
confidential; hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 20S Turk St., near Jones.
A TREATMENT . that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no Instruments jsed; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly;
home in confinement; consult free; hours 10 to
5, 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
ALL Ladies — only Dr. and | Mrs.' M. Daviea,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, - privacy, home,
etc. ; babies adopted; travelers treated; :no
.delay; aelf-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential.: MRS. M. DAVIES. 59 McAllister
St.; pills. $1; very strong, $2; cure, $5.
ALL of - Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute , cure for all female diseases; -. posi-
tively safe and sure;; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken, in time It also acts >as a pre-
ventive: , price $1 60 per -box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
- Grant . aye., , S. ■F. ■ A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us. j
DRS. GOODWIN makes a specialty of diseases
•' of women; irregularities from any . cause " re-
stored -In one . day. vor no char/ie ; restores
strength and vigor of organ unexcelled; ma-
ternity home: best- medical attendance; low
, fees; cure, $5;. pills, $1; when others fail,
.' see free of charge. 401 Van Ness aye., near
McAllister st. ■■;'■ ;-.■• ' .
• NEW. ; process; a great ." progress In v - medical
science for female trouble; no matter from
what cause; no medicine or instruments
used; restores in one day without fail; -every
woman her. own physician; away, -disgrace;
consultation . free: can be : sent and used at
home; by the well; known DR. POPPER, 318
Kearny st. ; pills and capsules, $1. -■-■--
DR. and i MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home In confinement, with every
,'•-..; comfort;.,: best care j and attendance; •, terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.:,
DR. WISE'S private sanitarium, 307 Jones St..
formerly of 800 ; Kearny and • late :, of ; Belview
Hospital, N. : V. : • d -eases 'of ■ women; advice
free; experienced lady attendant. ■;■;:.- ,--
A BOON to wives • and • — Seguro ; price
$1 50; RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay St.: send
2c stamp for particulars to .Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.; £31 X St., Sacramento, Cal. :
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
'. female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D.;: don't delay until too late.
. OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
NORTH Beach Sanitarium, 1412 Mason St.; pri-
vate home, in confinement: competent physi-
| cians and : nurses: trans, reas. Powejl-st. cars.
MRS. ARCHARD, : midwife: j home In confine-
ment; confinement ' alone ■ $3. ■ 156 Second st.
DR. HALL.; 9 McAllister st.; diseases -of
■ women and children. ;>;-;*. i ;:.;
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz;: Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience."'' 2s4V4 Fourth st. : '
LfeGAL NOTICES.
RAILROAD . Consolidation— to : th»
statute in: such case made and provided, no-
tice is hereby given tht-t the Southern Pa-
cific i Railroad ; Company, the ■■ Northern Rail-
way Company, .■ the Northern ; California Rail-
way '-' Company ;;: and .. the -: California - Pacific
„ Railroad : Company, ■ railroad ■ corporations , in-
. . corporated ? and • existing under the laws ■of
the State of California, upon the written con-
■ • sent of , the '. stockholders ■■ holding more ■■ than
>"■ three-fourths In value of all the stock of each
of said corporations, respectively, and by agree-
ment of the respective Boards of Directors of
" ■aid „ corporations, made > and ' entered into ' la
. accordance with such - consent, . and * pursuant
' to -the statute 'In °. such ; case : made : and i pro-
vided, ■'■ did. on the 14th t day of April, rA. D.
1898,- amalgamate nrid consolidate their capital
- ntnck, f debts, property, assets ' and franchises
' ■ under : the * corporate . name f and ■■ style ■of < tn»
Southern Pacific Railroad Company. r:
J.L. WILLCUTT,
Secretary ,: of the Southern Pacific Railroad
'.-, Company. ■ .;'••.■ ' : -- ■•■■•-■ •;_.
San Frnncisrn. <"■«! ***■» ■.» •">«< ;. .-
■•'■■;■- .;''' : :' PHYSICIANS. . -. ;•'.. -■ .-^. ■-,_
: DR. C. C'-O' DONNELLY office ; and : residence,
■■ 1206 : Market; ■ diseases ; of ; women a specialty.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR: Sale— Four nice properties, the biggest
kind of bargains, from $1500 to $3000. - • -
THE REYNOLDS CO..
. Rooms 403-4 Examiner, building.'
3 AGED illustrated : catalogue free at E. E.
BUNCH'S. 908 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. .
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
FOR the summer, fully furnished house on
Oakland Heights: :. fine -•■■ location: rent low.
JAS. -S. ■ NAIBMITH. 464 Ninth st. .
:;; OAKLAND HOTELS.
HOTEL WILSON, newly ; furnished and reno-
vated; under : new management; entire satis-
faction guaranteed; American and European
plan; the table Is' a special feature; meals 152
- up; special rates week or mo. W. H. Buehler
& Co., Props., 1165 Washington. Tel. Main 163.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ARLINGTON Hotel. /< Washington and -Ninth
;■ sts.; unquestionable family place; excellent
■table; summer rates. ■ ,■ ,
FINE sunny suite: also sunny single room; va-
cant June .1. THE LORNE. 562 Eighth at.
OAKLAND , FURNITURE FOR B ALEX.
FURNITURE ' a- 1 household goods this week.
SCHELLHAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
3 FURNISHED rooms and bath, complete for
housekeeping. 3219 Briggs aye., Hlgh-st. stn.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR Sale— Five nice places from $2500 to $25,000,
near or on Channlng way.
: . THE REYNOLDS CO.,
■ Rooms 403-4 Examiner building. .
S-ROOM house, 1 block from station; lot
60x137; constantly rented. $22;. great bargain.
FREESE & CODINGTON, 2119 Stanford
place, opposite Berkeley Station.
$2."iC0— 250 FEET frontage, with house of 7
rooms; only D blocks from university grounds;
a thorough bargain. JOSEPH J. MASON,
Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY ROOMS AND BOARDING.
BANCROFT, 2247. Berkeley— Sunny, well-fur-
nished rooms with board; fine view; five min-
utes to Berkeley station. :
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
A 70- ACRE ranch; Napa County;, for city.ssooo
2 lots on Mission 5t.... 4000
20 acres in Sonoma Co. ; for house and lot 2500
S. F. property for Alameda city property 5000
100 houses. . 60 lots, 50 ranches and 150 busi-
ness places. Call or write DECKER, 1020
Market- st. , : ■>■•
GREAT sacrifice; 20 acres good Sonoma County
land, improved; 4-room house, barn, chicken-
houses; 2.: horses; full line farming imple-
ments; 6 acres vines; balance corn and
beans; (rood road; near station; will ex-
change for city property; or $800 cash, balance
easy terms. Address J. JENSEN, 153 Third.
TO exchange for Mission Improved property—
A beautiful 9-room residence near Univer-
sity, Berkeley; nice ,' stable, windmill, tank-
. house, cement walks, lovely laid out grounds;
must be seen to be appreciated. Box 524. Call.
TO exchange — Houses and lots for ranches. J.
H. ■ KDSON. 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
■"; i STORAGE.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse, 840 Mission st. : tel. Mint 1821.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co. ;
office. Tenth and Market: telephone South 166.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed In at either of the publication offices
and be endorsed with the name and residence of
parties authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CARMAN— In Seattle, May 16, 1898, to the wife
of Stephen A. Carman, a daughter.
DODSON— In . Cambria, May 15, 1398, to the
wife of R. Dndson, a son. .
D'ANCONA— To the wife of A. Dawson D'An-
cona, a daughter.
EDINGER— In Colfax, May 21, 1898, to the wife
. . of W. A. J. Edinger, a son. ■ " .
HAMPTON— In Cambria, May 13. 1898, to the
wife of A. Hampton, a daughter.
HERMAN— Brookline, Mass., May 26, 1898,
to the wife of E. E. Herman, a son.
PETERSON— In this city, May 19, 189 S. to the
wife of Emit L. Peterson, a son.
MARRIED.
TOLAND— In Visalla, Cal., June 2
1898, by the Rev. Mr. ! Hart of the Episcopal
■; church, Frederick J. Burns and Teresa To-
' land, both of Kern City.
DUNCAN— HUGHES— In Forest Hill, May 25,
■ IS9S, Frederick W. Duncan and Sadie D.
Hughes, both of Forest Hill. .
FLAGG— RAY— In Tulare, June 2, IS9S, by the
Rev. H. E. Wilhlte, William E. Flags and
! Laura S. Ray.
HASKELL— HARRIS— In Visalla, May 23, 1898.
Frank Haskell and Helen Harris, both of
White River.
HURD— FORESTER— Near Cambria, May 26,
1898, John H. Hurd and Cynthia C. Forester.
TRASK— JORY— In this city, June 4, 1898, by
i the Rev. W. C.Pond, George H. Trask and
'■ Ethel J. Jory. both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Acuna, Mrs. R. Jack, 'William S.
AllenUor, Mrs. !£. J. Jagels, Diedrich
Arnold. William H. Jordan, Peter W.
Adam, Elizabeth O. Keplinger. Mrs. F.
Burns, Owen King, John J.
Bryan, William J. Lawrence Keziah
Brown, Frank l^arkin, Andrew
Beneke, Carl H. E. Martin, Margaret
Boyle, Austin Martin, Mary K.
Carpenter (infant) Mathias, Charles
Chessman, Catherine Mahon, John
Clifford, Elaine Mund, Samuel
Carman, Frederick Neesard, S.
Crittenden, Caroline Purcell, Charles
Dwyer, Thomas Palmer, Mrs. Sarah
Dllling, John Rooney. Patrick
Peering, William I. Riley, Margaret
Daly, Catherine Sonnenberg. Louis B.
Drew, Nathan L. Stolz, Peter
Foley, Mary A. Baiter. Mrs. Eliza
Forstman. Gustaf Stlmson, James
Fox, Thomas J. Slgler, Frank A.
OofT. Mrs. Louisa C. Vallerga, Delia
Graves, Mrs. L. Wilslow. Nicolai
Huttendorf, Wllhel- Wynne, Dennis
mlna Worthmann. F. W.
Hall, George Wilson, Parker L.
Wilson, Ibla M.
ACUNA— In Forest Hill, May 29. 18S8, Mrs. R.
Acuna, a native of Chile, aged 46 years.
ALLENDER— In Rio Vista, May 27, ISS<B, Mrs.
M. J. Allender, mother of Mrs. M. A. Davis
of Auburn, aged 79 years 3 months and 1 day.
ARNOLD— In Paso Robles, May 18, ISKB, Wil-
liam H. Arnold, father of Charles H. and
William T. Arnold and Mrs. H. K. Wil-
liams, aged 78 years.
ADAM— Near Snnta Maria, May 31. 18? S. Eliza-
beth O'Connor Adam, a native of Frampton,
province of Quebec, Canada, aged 6d years
2 months and 15 days.
BURNS— In this olt- June 3, IR9S, Owen, be-
loved husband of Margaret Burns, father of
Daniel Burns, and brother of Joseph, Peter
and John Burns, a native of San Francisco,
aged 35 years.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 12 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy street,
thence to St. Peter's Church, for services for
repose of his soul, commencing at 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BRYAN— In this city, June 6, 1898, William
Jennings, youngest and beloved son of An-
drew M. ami Sarah J. Bryan, and brother of
Walter, Arthur and Guro Irene Bryan, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 8 months and 20
days.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 65 Tehama street, be-
tween First and Second. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
BROWN— In South San Francisco, June 5, 1898,
Frank, dearly beloved son of Joseph and
Lulu Brown, and brother of Josephine
Brown, a native of San Francisco, axed 6
months and 2 days.
BENEKE— In Oakland, June 6. 1898, Carl Her-
man Edward, beloved father of C. A. Edward
Beneke, a native of Gross-Rossau, Germany,
aged 55 yearn and 2 days.
BOYLE— In Antioch, May 26. 1898, Austin
Boyle, a native of Ireland, aged 42 years
CARPENTER— In Porterville, May 28, 1898 in-
fant fon of Mr. and Mrs. B. L. Carpenter
aged 16 days.
CHESSMAN— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, June 5, 189S, Catherine Chessman, a na-
tive of New York, aged 45 years.
CLIFFORD— In Sacramento, June 2, 1898,
Elaine Clifford, a native of California, aged
6 years 9 months and 2S days.
CARMAN— In Avlla, May 30, 1898, Frederick
Carman, a native of New York, aged 68
years.
CRITTENDEN— In Sacramento, June 2, 1898,
Caroline Crittenden, a native of lowa, aged
53 years.
DWYER— In this city. Jure 4, 1898. Thomas,
beloved husband of Mary Dwyer, and father
of Mrs. W. Mehan and Rosle and the late
Edward and James Dwyer, s native of Ire-
land, aged 68 years.
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
{Monday),- at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DILLrNG— In this city, June 4*. 1898, John, be-
, loved husband of Grace Dllling, a native of
Cornwall. England, - aged 40 years and 1
month. (Phoenix, ;• Ariz., and Philadelphia,
. Pa., papers please copy). ■ \
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, : from the parlor*
' of the New Wisconsin Hotel. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery. •
DEERING— In this city, June 4, 1898, William
Irvine, son of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas P.
Deering.-a native of San Francisco, aged I
> months and 17 days.
DALY— In Crockett, May 31. 189S, Catherine
;■ Daly, a native ■of Ireland, , aged 65 ; years.
DREW— In Sacramento, June 4. 1898, Nathan
L. ' Drew; . a - native of New Hampshire, aged
. 73 years. «
FOLEY— this city. June 4, 1898, Mary A..
beloved wife of Daniel Foley, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 60 years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday at : 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross : Cemetery.
! FORSTMAN— In this city, June 3. 1898, Gustaf
;■ Forstman, a native of . Sweden, • aged 33
I ■ years. ■ : - ■■ ' •. , :• '
j FOX— In Forest Hill, May 20. 1898, Thomas J.
Fox, a native of Ireland, aged 54 years.
GOFF— In this city, June 5, 1898, Mrs. Louisa
C, beloved wife of the late Charles P. Goff.
and beloved mother of Mrs. H. L. - McKnew.
a native of Sweden, aged 69 years 2 months
and 7 days. ■ .
♦lET'Notice of funeral hereafter. "
GRAVES— Near Antioch, May 22, 1898, Mr».
Lusetta Graves, a native of Wayne, N. V.,
aged 77. years 5 months and 22 days.
HOTTENDORF— In this city, June 6. 1898. Wil-
helmina, dearly beloved wife of the late
George Hottendorf (nee Hage), and ; mother
of H. W. and G. L. Hage. Mrs. George P.
Lara, Mrs. G. P. Oberll and Mrs. William
Turner, a native of Hanover, Germany, aged
56 years 7 months and 25 days.
HALL — Sacramento, June 2, 1898, George
Hall, a native of Kentucky, aged 33 years 2
months and 22 days.
JACK— In San Mateo, June 4, 1898, ■William 3.
Jack, brother of Mrs. G. W. Dickie, a native
of Denny, ■ Scotland, aged 44 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
■of: his sister, Mr. G. W. Dickie, at San Ma-
teo.
JAGELS— In this city, June 5, 1898, Diedrich
Jagels, a native of Amt Lilllenthal. Bremen.
■ Germany, aged 48 years 9 months and 2 days.
A member of the Norddeutcher Verein.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from' Shiel's build-
ing, 32 O'Fe.rrell street, where funeral serv-
ices .will be held under the auspices of the
Norddeutcher Verein. Remains at the par-
. lors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
JORDAN— Near Arbuckle. Cal.. May 29. 1898,
Peter W. Jordan, a native of Wisconsin, aged
33 years 7 months and 19 days.
KEPLINGER— In Auburn. May 27. 1898, Mrs.
| Fannie Keplinger, a native of Illinois, aged
I . about 40 years. -
KING— this city, June 3. 1898, John Joseph
King, a native of California.
LAWRENCE— In Petaluma, June 2. 1893, Ke-
ziah, beloved wife of Henry E. Lawrence, a
native of Missouri, aged 69 years. ~
LARKIN — In Sacramento, June 3, 1898, An-
drew Larkin, a native of Ireland, aged 60
years.
MARTIN— In this city, June 4. IS9S, . Margaret
Martin, a native of Queenstowi:, County
Cork, Ireland, aged 78 years.
lE7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her sister, Mrs.' Ann Desmond, 1615
Alabama street, thence to St. Peter's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
•for the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MARTIN— In this city, June 4. 1898, Mary X..
wife of the late James Martin, and dearly
beloved daughter of Maria and the late Pat-
rick- Dennan, a native of San Francisco. '
CThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
d ence, 448 Church ' street, thence to. Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn . requiem
■ mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. ' Interment pri-
vate, In Holy Cross Cemetery.
MUND— In this city, June 4, 1898. Samuel, be-
loved husband of Rose Mund, and father of
Charles J., Sadie, Leo and Melville Mund. a
native of Rogason, Germany, aged 60 years.
MATHIAS— In Oakland, June 5. 1898. Charles,
beloved husband of Theresa Mathias, and
father of Dora and Lottie Mathias. a na-
tive of Norway, aged 67 years 5 months and
24 days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Tuesday), at 2:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 518 Third street, Oakland. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
MAHON— In this city, June 6, 1898, John, be-
loved husband of Annie Mahon, and brother
of William Mahon. and uncle of Delia, Pat-
rick and Martin Smith and Mrs. John Kelly,
a • native of County Westmeath, Ireland. .
NEEGARD— In Salt Lake City, May 19, 1898,
8. Neegard, formerly of Paso Robles, aged 46
' years. .
PURCELL— In Oakland. June 5, 1898, Charles,
beloved husband of Margaret E. Purcell, and
father of Maggie, Willie, John, Fannie, Rob-
ert, Florence, Ruth and Gussie Purcell and
Mrs. A. J. McCourtney and Mrs. Fred Llllen-
thal, a native of Ireland, aged 65 years and
6 months. (Washington, D. C.,- and New
York papers please copy).
ICTFriends . and acquaintances are . respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 272 Fourth street, thence to ' the Im-
maculate Conception Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
PALMER— Sacramento, May 2. 1898. Mrs.
Sarah Palmer, a native of Maine, -aged 79
years 3 months and 7 days.
ROONEY— this city, June 5. IS9B. Patrick,
dearly beloved husband of Mary Rooney, and
father of Mac ■ Rooney, a | native of County
Meath, Ireland, aged 52 years.
RILEY— In this city. June 4, 1898, Margaret,
beloved mother of Mary A. Riley, and sister
of Miss B. Donohoe, a native of Mullahorn,
County Cavan, Ireland.
tC7"The funeral will : take place this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1431 Polk street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated 'for .the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment private in Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. ::::;
SONNENBERG— this city, June 5, 1898,
Louis B. Sonnenberg. beloved father of Mrs.
S. Blath. Mrs. A. Neustadt and Lizzie , and
Samuel Sonnenberg, a native of Hanover,
Germany, aged 79 years and 3 months. A
member of Harmony Lodge No. 13, I. O. O.
F.. and Maden Lodge, I. O. B. B.
' |E?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from .T. O. O. F.
Hall, corner of Seventh and Market streets.
Please omit flowers. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
STOLZ— In this city, June 4, IS9B, Peter, hus-
band of the late Katie Stolz. and father of
Mary. Frederick and William Stolz, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 57 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of A. W. Martin & Co.; 118 Geary street. .
SALTER— Petaluma, June 2, IS9S, Mrs.
Eliza Salter, a native of New York, aged 77
■ years.
STIMSON— In the City and County Hospital,
June 5, 1898, James Stimson, a native of Wis-
consin, aged 42 years.
SIGLER— In Porterville. May 21. 1898, Frank
A. Slgler, aged 26 years 4 months and 9 days.
VALLERGA— In this city. June 4. 1898, Delia,
beloved daughter of Domenic ■ and Antonett
Vallerga," sister of Mamie, Nlska and : Bert
Vallerga, and grandchild of Madalena Vat-
lerga. and Maria Fregulia, a native of San
Francisco, aged 7 years and 11 days.
WILSLOW— In this city, June 6, 1898, Ntcolal
Peterson, dearly beloved husband of • Marie
Bothllda Wilslow. and father of Mrs. C.
Hangaard, Mrs. R. Rudebeck, Thomas Wil-
elow, Mrs. H...Da1l and Nicola! 8. and Helene
Wilslow, a native of Schleswlg, : aged .66
years 3 months and 13 days.
in7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
• dence, 11038 Folsom . street, near Seventh.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WYNNE— In this city, June 4, 1898, Dennis, be-
loved ; husband : of the late Bridget Wynne,
father of Henry J., John C. and Frank A.
' Wynne. Mrs. C. F.Robinson, Mrs. A. F. Long,
Mrs. W. W. Byrne and Mrs. A. Griffith, and
brother of P. Wynne, a native of County
Sllgo, Ireland. ~
The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday ),' at 8:30 o'clock, from the - resi-
dence of his son-in-law. C. F. Robinson, 1539
Mission street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at. 8
- o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary . Cemetery. :
WORTHMANN— In Germany, Friedrlch W.
Worthmann, beloved father of Mrs. James
J. Barry. -■-.■
WILSON— In Brentwood. May 27, 1898, Parker
L. Wilson, a native of Maine, aged 68 years..
WILSON— In Arbuckle, May 31, 1898, Ible Maud
• Wilson, ased about . 7 months.
CARD OF THANKS.
We desire to express our i heartfelt thanks to '
the members of Bay View Lodge No. 159, A.
O U. W., friends and neighbors. Dr. D. B.
Todd, Pastor J. - Fuendellng and especially
I the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking . Company
"for the kindness shown to us. -■ ••-.-•
FRIEDRIKE SCHORCHT, wif».
MARY SCHORCHT. .
MARGUERITE SCORCHT. .
MARTHA SCHORCHT,
EMMA SCHORCHT. ..
■ ■■•-"■' ' : ..■■---■*■■. Daughter*.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, > I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBAL.MEBJ I
to IUTH BT., Opp. Lincoln' Bcho»l. ■
Telephone, South 80. ■ I
i^^^^^T^irß^FTvor. Manager. >,
McAVOYA CO.;
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMHB*
. > . 1235 Market St., between Bth and 9th. ■
» Telephone. South 24T.^ - ■■'■
910
OTIS IS TO SAIL THIS WEEK
SECOND PHILIPPINE EXPEDITION
It is now asserted by officers high in the service that Major
General Otis will go in command of the second expedition to
the Philippines, and that Brigadier General Miller will assume
command of the troops remaining at Camp Merritt..
Nothing definite is known as to when the second expedition
will sail, but the general impression is that it will not get
away before next Sunday.
Three ships, the Zealandia, China and Colon, will comprise
the fleet, according to present arrangements, and the work of
loading stores will begin this morning. Detachments were
sent aboard the three ships last night from the Eighteenth
and Twenty-third United States and the First Colorado and
Tenth Pennsylvania.
The second expedition to the
Philippines will not sail before the
last of the week, and according to
present plans will comprise the
troopships Zealandia, China and
Colon, though more ships may
be assigned later. Major General
• Otis will go out in command.
Battery C of the California
heavy artillery departed for Fort
Canby last evening. It will travel
by rail to Portland.
The band of the Fourth
United States Cavalry arrived
from Walla Walla yesterday
and went into quarters at the
Presidio. Troop lof the same
regiment will arrive to-day, and
two more troops will arrive later
in the week.
The battalion of the Third
'United States Artillery, under
command of Major Hess, will go
into camp on the Presidio drill
plain to-day.
The next volunteers to arrive
will be the lowa regiment, which
is due here Wednesday. It will go
into camp near the Montana and
Dakota troops, north of Point
Lobos avenue.
Sunday was duly observed at
Camp Merritt by religious serv
ices in most of the camps during
the forenoon, and the suspension
of all but guard duty. The men
were given several hours' liberty,
and during the afternoon the
camp looked deserted.
AT CAMP MERRITT.
Still Speculating on the Date
of Departure of the Second
Philippine Expedition.
Despite the order issued from division
headquarters by General Otis to the
various commands comprising the second
expedition to Manila to be ready to sail
by to-morrow, it is apparent from all that
can be learned that no troops will leave
San Francisco before the last of this
week, if then. The ships that will carry
the soldiers have been determined upon.
They are the Zealandla, China and Colon.
The Tenth Pennsylvania and one-half of
Battery H wiil go on the first-named ves
sel, the two battalions from the Twenty
third and Eighteenth Infantry on the
Colon and the First Colorado and Utah
IJght Battery on the China.
The latest news in Camp Merritt was
given out yesterday afternoon, and from
reliable authority it is learned that Gen
eral Otis will be In charge of the second
expedition, and that he and his staff will
sail on the China. Sunday seems to be
the generally accepted date set for the
departure of the troops. It is reliably
reported that Brigadier-General Marcus
P. Miller will assume charge of Camp
Merritt when General Otis leaves.
General Milier established his head
quarters at Camp Merritt yesterday and
ti">k command <>i th« i-irsi Brigade, re
lieving Colonel OvMshine., who nas been
in temporary command. General Miller's
Btafl consists of Captain Putnam Bra-dlee
Strong, assistant adjutant-general, .Lieu
tenant Charles G. woodward and .Lieu
tenant Morns K. Barrail, both of the
Third Artillery, aids.
Lieutenant Franklin of the Twenty
third lnlantry has been appointed com
missary lor the troopship Coion and Lieu
tenant Grote of the Eighteenth for tho
China.
Yesterday was an exceedingly quiet day
In camp and only a few routine orders
■were issued from headquarters. Com
paratively few people were out to see I
the soldiers, and these had to limit their
attentions to the volunteer organizations,
as no visitors were allowed in the camp
of the regulars.
Private Willis Jackson, Company L,
Eighteenth Infantry, died at 9 o'clock
yesterday morning of appendicitis. He
was given a military funeral at 4 o'clock,
the . uuy being buried in the National
Cemetery at the Presidio. The two bat
talions of the iiighteenin, with the band '
pluying a dirge, escorted the body ]
through camp. Tho usual ceremonies ]
were observed at tho grave. The firing !
squad paid homage to the dead soldier !
and the bugler sounded taps. Jackson
had been in the service for two years.
In addition to the Thirteenth Minnesota
the two battalions of the Idaho troop;-
■will be inspected by Colonel Hughes and
Captain Mallory some time this after-
noon.
The First Nebraska was inspected in ,
heavy marching order yesterday morn- I
Ing.
By order of Postmaster Montague a j
branch po«toffice for the benefit of Camp !
Merritt will be opened to-day at the cor- I
ncr of Fourth avenue and C street.
Colonel Jones, of the Idaho troops, yes- j
terday furnished his band of twenty-two i
men with the instruments that were pur
chased with the appropriation made by
th<- State for that purpose.
With the exception of the regulars, the j
Idaho battalion and Twentieth Kansas, j
services were held in all the commands
at Camp Merritt yesterday. The Cath
olic Truth Society's large tent was crowd
ed at all three services. At 7:30 o'clock
many soldiers from the various regiments i
attended low mass. It was read by i
Father O'Ryan, and communion was also i
administered. At 11 o'clock Father Yorke !
preached upon "The Value of Souls." The
tent was crowded and a masterly dis
course was delivered by Yorke. His line
of thought, developed on the valuation of
human souls, was tii.it Christ died for
men. and that every soul must be meas
ured by our Savior's love. He told the
soldiers that they were going to war,
where men's bodies were to be used for
the single purpose of stopping bullets,
but he declared that the soul could never
perish, and that it was the duty of every
man to be ready when the summons came
to redeem their souls.
In the Seventh California, Chaplain
Clarke preached from the text, Second
Peter, ill, 18, "Grow in Grace."
His line of thought was based upon the
law of beginnings, and the ordinary law
of growth and development. Christian
ity, he said, was no exception, to the rule.
He appealed to the men not to dwarf and
deform their moral manhood while they
are in the army, .and always to do their
duty with a spirit of Christian love
toward all men.
In the Thirteenth Minnesota, First Colo
rado, First Nebraska and Twentieth Kan
sas, services were also held by the dif
ferent chaplains.
Drill was suspended in all the com
mands, and the men were given their
freedom until 6 o'clock. Tlie park and
ocean beach attracted thousands during
the afternoon.
■ •
SOLDIER ENDEAVORERS.
A Plan to Strengthen tho So
ciety In the Islands.
Strenuous efforts are being made by
the California State Christian Endeavor
Union to send one of Its workers to Ma
nila on the next expedition. The Endeav
orers are well organized and have flour
ishing societies aboard many of the men
of-war, as well as in the regular army.
The Presidio society is four years old.
In an endeavor to send a superintend
ent to Manila to have general supervis
ion of the work in both the army and
navy the following telegram was for
warded yesterday afternoon by the State
superintendent of missions:
John Willis Baer, General Secretary United |
Society Christian Endeavor, 616 Washington !
street. Bo«ton, Mas?. : Urge McKlnley endorse '
work ami subsistence Endeavorer Philippines.
Worker ready. California financially respon
sible. Answer. MINDORA L. BERRY.
Application will be made to General
Merrat to-morrow along this line, and as
the work is fully known ajid appreciated
by the regular army officers no trouble
is anticipated in securing the necessary
permission. The Young Men's Christian
Association workers have been granted
similar permission and their work is en
tirely new to the army. Not a company
in Camp Merritt Is without Endeavorers
Stephen Wood and Arthur Alexander
are t »- two men between whom the
choice lies for the honor of making the
trip. Mr. Wood is now in Camp Merritt.
working dally. Mr. Alexander has the
advantage of being acclimated, having
just returned from a nine months' cruise
on the missionary boat Morning Star,
Captain Isaiah Bray commanding, among
the South Sea Islands. He is well ac
quainted with the habits of the natives
and knows how to live as they do.
Seven regiments In Camp Merritt are
already supplied with Christian En
deavor tents for writing and reading, and
between 9:30 and 10 o'clock each evening
short services are held. Other regiments
will be supplied this week.
Beginning with this evening dally enter
tainments will be given by the various
Christian Endeavorers in their headquar
ters In the Scott & McCord warehouse.
Free refreshments will be served each
evening to 300 soldiers.
AT THE PRESIDIO.
Arrival of the Band of the
Fourth Cavalry— The Third
Artillery Camp.
The band of the Fourth United States
Cavalry regiment, numbering twenty-five
men, arrived yestcrdav at the Presidio
from Walla Walla, Wash. They were In
command of Lieutenant Cameron, regi
mental quartermaster. All the troops of
THE SAN FTCANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUKE 6, 1898.
this regiment now at the Presidio have
been filled to the limit, 105 men to each
troop. B, C, X and L troops are at the
Presidio, and E Troop will arrive to-day
from Walla Walla, in command of Cap
tain Graw.
Four batteries of the Third United
States Artillery will go into camp to-day
under command of Major Hess, on the
parade plain, near the Sixth California In
fantry. Two of the batteries are at Fort
Point, one at Alcatraz Island and one at
Lime Point. Batteries A and D of the
California Volunteer Artillery, now at the
Presidio, have been attached to the Third
Artillery.
There was a large attendance of volun
teers at the Sunday morning services In
the Episcopal and Catholic chapels at the
Presidio.
PROVIDED WITH COLORS.
; Ladies of Wyoming Send a
Flag to the Battalion of In
fantry From That State.
The "Wyoming battalion assembled on
Point Lobos avenue yesterday morning at
9 o'clock, to receive a battalion flag pre
sented by George C. Hunt of Oakland,
| a brother-in-law of Governor W. A. Rlch
j ards of Wyoming, to Major Foote in the
! name of the Governor and the ladies of
the State. Mr. Hunt said he hoped that
in whatever position the battalion might
find itself the flag would be honored and
I preserved. Major Foote delivered a very
appropriate address, and placed the flag
i in the hands of the color sergeant.
First Sergeant Burritt of Company C,
I replied in the name of the enlisted men
and officers. His oration was brief and
brilliant, and elicited many cheers for
the Governor, his estimable wife and the
ladies of Wyoming.
The money for the purchase of the flag
was raised in twenty-four hours by sub
scriptions from the Wyoming ladles, not
one of whom was permitted to give more
than 10 cents.
The soldier who delivered the oration at
the presentation of colors is one of the
leading attorneys of Wyoming and an
orator of some note.
Tr. M. C A. Army Work.
The United States Army Christian Com
mission of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation has oeen thoroughly established.
General John McCook of New York is
chairman of the committee, and Evange
list D. L. Moody and General O. O. How
ard are in charge of the evangelistic de
partment. The work has received the
most hearty approval of- the War De
partment, and will be carried forward
the same as it was during the civil war.
The association in this city has erected
three large tents at Camp Merritt, and a
very successful and important work is be-
I ing conducted at that point; the average
j number of letters written in these three
I tents is 1500 per day. Hours are given for
social gatherings and the meeting of the j
young men from the different regiments, i
song services, etc.; the reading room con
tains daily papers, magazines, pictorials
and papers from various parts of the
country; also social games.
The volunteers are loud in their appre
ciation of what the institution is doing in
their behalf. Mr. McCoy has just re- j
ceived 1000 books from D. I* Moody for
distribution among the regiments," and
religious literature, Bibles and Testa
ments have also been provided in abund
ance.
It Is now fully settled that a branch of
the association will go to Manila, two j
SUNDAY AMONG THE SOLDIERS.
PROMINENT among tho soldiers being concentrated here en route for Ma
nila Is Brigadier-General Francis V. Greene, who has just arrived. General
Greene was colonel of the crack Seventy-first Regiment of the Xew York
National Guard, now at Tampa. General Greene is famed as a soldier, en
gineer, author and man of affairs. He is the son of General George Bears
Greene and was born in Providence, R. L, in 1850. He acompanied his father to
the front at the breaking out of the civil war and spent four years with him
in the Army of the Potomac and in Washington. In IS»>6 he entered West Point
Academy and was graduated in 1870. He was a protege of General Ulysses S.
Grant, and soon after leaving the academy saw hazardous service In suppress-
Ing: the notorious Ku Klux band. Later he was confidential secretary to the
Secretary of War and In his leisure wrote book reviews for the leading literary
journals. In 1877 he witnessed the campaigns of the Russo-Turkish war as ac
credited representative of the United States Government. He was decorated for
bravery by the Emperor of Russia. In 1887 he retired into civil life and became
vioe-president of the Barber Asphalt Company. ]\c was elected colonel of the
Seventy-first New York Regiment of the National Guard in ISO 2. He still de
votes much time to literary work and has published much of valuo to the
scientific world.
At the Lurllne Baths, generously thrown open to the national defenders, at
the Sutro Baths and other natatoria, many of the boys in blue pleasantly whiled
away the heated hours yesterday. The public invaded the various camps and
was hospitably entertained on all sides.
young men from this city going with one
targe tent. A A'ew York gentleman,
deeply Interested in this movement, has
contributed $lwX) toward sending a tent
and one man; the local committee is en
deavoring to raise the money to send a
second man, and will be glad of any con
tributions for this purpose. General Sec
retary McCoy is in receipt of a personal
letter from "G. D. Meiklejohn. assistant
Secretary of War, heartily approving of
the expedition, and General Merritt and
Major Long of this city have given their
indorsement.
AMERICAN FLAG DAY.
Sons of the American Revolution,
California Society, Ask That
It Be Observed.
The California Society of the Sons of
the American Revolution has, through Its
committee, consisting: of Ernest K. Head,
General S. W. Backus, T. A. Perkins, Al
len Knight and John R. Robinson, issued
a circular letter to its members, and in
it calls attention to the fact that the
121 st anniversary of the adoption of the
United States flag will fall on the 14th
inst., and that at a recent meeting it was
resolved to request the clergy, press and
educational institutions of San Francisco,
also of the broad domain of California,
to make that historical epoch the sub
COMMANDER EUGENE H. C. LEUTZE, Com
manding the U. S. S. Monterey.
Commander Leutze, who is In command of the Monterey, which will sail
for Manila to-day in company with the Collier Brutus, is a native of
Prussia. He entered the Naval Academy In 1863, and the following year ob
tained leave of absence and sought active service in the United States ship Mon
tlcello of the North Atlantic blockading squadron. He graduated in 1567, and
was promoted to ensign in 18fiS. He served on the European and North Atlantic
stations for several years, and in 1872-73 surveyed the routes on the west side of
Nicaragua for a ship canal, besides doing much similar work at Grey town and
vicinity. Captain Leutze was attached to the Panama surveying expedition in
1874-75, and later was in charge of the deep-sea soundings between Honolulu and
Australia. Since then he has seen service in almost every part of the globe.
ject of their discourse, address or edi
torial on Sunday, the 12th, or Tuesday
the 14th. The commltte-- ;idds: "The j
society will be pleased If you will cause
the stars and stripes of our common coun
try to be displayed on that day, that all
those, especially the young, whom it hath
pleased God to commit to your spiritual
oversight, may have It before them for
an object lesson."
War Incidents.
Court Marln, Foresters of America, will,
on the evening of the 30th instant. In Tib
j uron, give an entertainment, the proceeds
of which will be donated to the Patriotic
Home Helpers' Society, which has for its
purpose the assisting of the families of
those who have volunteered for the war
and who, during- the absence of the bread
winner, may be without the means of sup
port.
The congregation of the I. Sv. Ev. Mls
sions-tabernaklet, the Swedish church on
Jessie street, of which Rev. Carl Ander
son is the pastor, will to-morrow nig-ht
tender a reception to those of the volun
teers who are of Swedish birth or de
scent.
San Francisco Lodge No. 21, Theatrical
Mechanical Association, at Its last held
meeting, decided to exempt from all dues
and assessments any of its members who
will be in the service of the army or navy
during the war and to allow them all bene
fits to which they are entitled.
A large and enthusiastic meeting of the
County Lei trim Social Club assembled
at Drew s Hall last Friday evening. All
volunteers wore made good on the books
until their return. Speeches find toasts
were the order of the evening, which
wound up with three cheers for the ab
sent ones.
At a meeting of -Court Acme, Foresters
of America, held June 3, the following
resolution was unanimously adopted:
"Resolved, That Court Acme No. 51,
Foresters of America, will keep and
maintain In good financial standing all
members of Court Acme who may vol
unteer in the army or navy of the United
States of America during active service
in said war, provided, however, that all
said members are in good standing at the
time of enlistment in the service of the
United States of America or of the State
of California; and be it further
"Resolved, That we do pledge our indi
vidual and collective support and aid to
the families and dependents of all our
members who may have to go to the
war." :>\V ■;■■£<?-£* , ■
■ "♦
Gone to Fort Canby.
Battery C, California Volunteer Artll-
lery, 150 officers and men, left the Pre
sidio In heavy marching order yesterday
afternoon, en route to Fort Canby, at the
mouth of the Columbia, where they will
take station. The battery presented a
splendid appearance,, being as thoroughly
equipped as any battery of the Third
United States Artillery. Batteries A, B
and D escorted their comrades as far as
the Lombard-street entrance to the gate
and all the men of the Third Artillery and
Fourth Cavalry gathered in front of the
barracks and gave the departing soldiers
a hearty farewell cheer. It was at first
intended to send the battery north by
steamer, but at the last moment arrange
ments were made to send it as far as
Portland by rail.
Company A of the Sixth California In
fantry will go to Alcatraz to-day, and
Company F of the same regiment to
Santa Cruz.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
' Tba ho- * /Q __
,^ toils /V •.■>/rr i T - *;fe« \
3l«3a:ur9 />** SJ&frf-t-j 1 - •*•*
• - " . ADVEBTISEMENTS. -" .
FIVIE
SPECIAL
VALUES
IN"
SILKS, SURAHS, CBALLIES, ORGANDIES AND
DIMITIES.
75 pieces NEW WASH SURAHS, best quality, larga
variety of styles and colorings, full 24 inches in width,
50c Yard.
22 pieces EXTRA QUALITY PLAID TAFFETA SILKS, 21
inches wide, all new styles, Swiss manufacture.
$1.00 Yard.
_— — — — — i— — —
60 pieces BEST QUALITY FRENCH PRINTED CHAL-
LIES, light and dark grounds, latest importations.
37^c Yard.
150 pieces PRINTED FRENCH ORGANDIES, elegant
floral designs, all new goods.
25c Yard.
200 pieces PRINTED IRISH DIMITIES, very latest styles,
warranted fast colors.
25c Yard.
ALL THE ABOVE LINES OF GOODS ARE
ON EXHIBITION IN OUR DISPLAY
WINDOWS.
\
HI. 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
Monday Jun* Ml iSgS
GOLDBERG
BQWEM
* CO*
Get our June catalogue and com-
pare the prices with what you pay;
that's not much trouble and may
save you money, v
And don't forget the goodness of
the things. ■ .r. r
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Pine apple— 2OC
regularly 25c tin holding one whole
. pine apple fresh from the fragrant
fields of India.
Corn and succotash 1 2^e
regularly 15c tin — Foam
Canned in Maine where the best
eating corn and beans grow
Salad dressing SI 2 V
regularly 30c bottle— made with finest
olive oil. Good as home made less
bother
Stuffed Olives— Teyssonneau
regularly large 50c bottle 45c
" small 35c " - 30c
Stuffed with anchovies, packed In
pure olive — try them for luncheons
Tea— regularly 60c Ib 4£C
Mandarin Nectar and this year's
Japans both green and uncolored —
fresh from picking a * ib canister $1 2$
Baskets and straps
You'll need them now for camping
Baskets 5 23 22 21 20 19
regularly* $1 00 90 75 v6O 50
■ special 75 65 55 45 35
' Straps sft long reduced from 50c and 4
and 25c to 40c and 20c
Gin— Booth's— g'\y $1 bottle 9OC
Cooling to the blood in hot weather
Orange bitters— Field's ree'iy Si bot 85*
Rich as an after dinner liqueur — ':
fragrant as an orange orchard
Jelly— Imperial\ ; reg'ly I2*c pkge lot
Each package; makes if pts. good
• ; jelly. Seven flavors. , Easily made,
all you need is to add hot water.
"Peach bran dy— reg'iy $i 25 90c \
• . Some : prefer the smack of peach seed i
flavor to grape brandy j
Sardines— reg'ly 25c tin a*
large tins— good oil— good fish.
Enough for a family luncheon.
You'll need them now for picnics.
Toilet powder " ~ tin 10c
Sprinkle top tin— very handy
Good for babies also for grown ups
.„ when sunburnt •
Almond cream balm i£C
regularly 20c bottle— Oakley's
A really good preparation for curing
chapped hands and lips, freckles and'
irritation of the skin •
Lemon squeezers— 25c I^C
. A heavy, glass saucer with juice
: ,;, extractor and seed. : catcher— doesn't
need a tumbler like the old style
Good Cigars! :
„ Oh how hard to get now.
Better try us ■ -
Mall orders entitled to these prices If posted net
; later than Wednesday
43*, Pine 215 Sutter 2800 California San Francisco
1073 Clay between ■ Elevtuth and Tweittii Oakland
# STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FIDELITY Al CASUALTY
COMPANY
OF New York. In the State of New York,
on the 31st day of December. A. D. 1897.
and for the year ending on that day, as mad«
to the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, pursuant to- the provisions of sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the commis-
sioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash ;... $ 250,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company .....$ 688,442 71
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,649,952 60
Cash in company's office 38.80100
Cash in banks 88,019 78
Interest accrued on all stocks and .
loans 2,016 67
Rents accrued 1,640 80
Premiums in due course of collection 400,221 £6
Reserve reinsurance deposit (cash In
company's possession) 21.495 43
Total assets $2,790,590 57
LIABILITIES.
Losses known or estimated, proofs
not filed $ 15,470 07
Losses in process of adjustment or In
suspense 105,283 48
Losses resisted, $301,475 of which is
for the insured ; 335.643 57
Gross premiums on risks running one
, year or less, $2,859,574 16; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 1.429,937 08
Gross premiums on risks running
more than one year, 5296,917 34; re-
insurance pro rata 162.960 9S
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc........ 25.69700
Total liabilities $2,077.991 13
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums $2,944,245 2*
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources 66,240 IS
Received for rents 58,213 18
Received for profit on assets sold.. 11.863 50
Total Income : $3,080,560 15
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for losses $1,453,501 IS
! Dividends to stockholders 45,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
! brokerage.... 763.924 04
I Paid for salaries, fees and other
| charges for officers, clerks, etc 131,127 11
Paid for State, National and local
taxes ..' • • 60.23113
All other payments and expenditures 480.165 97
Total expenditures $2,923,949 38
GEO. F. SEWARD. President.
ROBT. J. HILLAR, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 3d
, day of February, 1898.
E. A. RABENER, Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
i S. C, PARDEE, Manager and Attorney,
MUTUAL LIFE BUILDING.
i San Francisco. California*
TREMENDOUS SACRIFICE
—OF—
Genuine T^TT^O
ORIENTAL Jrt-U'VJrM'-
BY AUCTION
ON
TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY,
June 7th and Sth, at 2 P. M., at
106-108 GRANT AVENUE.
MR. L. BABAYON, who has brought this fins
collection, having struck the city at the wrong
time is forced to sell his Rare Rues at any
sacrifice before departing for the East.
H. H. REED, Auctioneer.
\A/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, ' Room 11015.1 1015. Claus ■ SpreckeU Bldff. :
:■'-•■ Telephone Brown 93L
Residence, .- 821 California street. below.
I Powell. * San ' uiiiljilu. iML^i''iiisEa.j'tl*.li!jj!3L'i!i | ' l'»