VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 45.
RUMORS OF
NEW RIOTS
IN HAVANA
But the Administrator} Is
Not fllarmed by the
Situation.
However, tfye Battle-Ship MaiQe
{Remains in Readiness to Pro
ceed Instantly if Surr)rT)ooed
by General Lee.
INDEPENDENCE OF CUBA
AND AMERICAN CONTROL.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.— Private information has been sent to the
State Department and to the members of the Foreign Affairs Commit
tee in Congress going to show that powerful influences are at work to
secure Independence for Cuba. Spain has issued bonds to the gross
amount of about 1400,000.000, based specifically upon the resources and
revenues of Cuba. These bonds are held in large part in Great Britain
and France.
Some of the largest syndicates in these countries, it is said, have
become convinced that these bonds are about to become valueless un-
Ippp the United States in some way guarantees their payment. They
that the island is entirely devastated, and that it can be
restored only by the Influence of a srong commercial power.
Representations have already been made to this country by certain
stronsr <:•,-, mmeroial Interests to secure active intervention. If this were
done, the United States would become morally responsible for the pay
ment of the Cuban loan. This could be done by a protectorate similar
to that of England in Egypt or by direct control of the Cuban cus
tom houses.
NEW YORK. Jan. 13.— The Herald's '
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Rumors are in circulation late to-night
about fresh riots having broken out in
Havana. They could not be coflfirrned.
Despite the alarms "Washington offi- |
cials maintained a dignified coolness to- :
r1 :\ i.ver the Cuban situation. It can j
be stated authoritatively that the Ha- :
vana riots of yesterdny, which were
promptly subdued, have not changed .
the attitude of the administration in
regard to relations with Spain, or its
general policy on the Cuban question.
It can he stated with equal positive
ness that the President is by no means
panguine that Spain will ever be able
to restore peace in the island through
the medium of autonomy. President
McKinley sees from the official reports
from Cuba and Spain that autonomy
has not yet made much headway. He
does not believe, however, that there is
anything in the existing situation that
justifies any further action by the
Fnited States at the present time. His
policy is clearly defined. He will meet
contingencies as they arise with the
most pacific means at hand, and always
be prepared for any emergency.
HAVANA, Jan. 1?,. — About noon to
day a crowd gathf-red in front of the
offices of El Diario de la Marina shout
ing: "Df-ath to El Diario!" General
Aroulas sent the regular troops to re
store order and to compel the dispersaJ
of th» crowd which kept up a continu
ous shouting on the streets near Cen
tral Park.
These people accuse El Diario de la
Marina of being responsible for the at
tacks made upon army officers and
Spanish residents in the island. They
say that La Discusion and El Re
concentrado received their cue from El
Diario. A man selling El Diario was
shot in the arm.
CONSUL-GENERAL LEE
ALLAYS THE FEARS OF
TROUBLE AT HAVANA.
But Orders Stand for the Maine to Be Ready
to Proceed to the Cuban Capital at
an Instant's Notice.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: Consul -General Lee cabled
to the State Department late this even
ing that In view of the more pacific
condition of affairs In Havana there Is
no n't' 6of an American warship there.
While gratified at this information
there is no intention to abate vigilance
In the matter of providing Americana
and thfir Interests in Cuba with pro
tectlon should they be endangered by
further riots. The intention is to per
mit the orders given to the Maine late
yesterday afternoon to be in readiness
to proceed to Havana at an instant's
notice, to stand. She is at the disposal
of Consul-General Lee, and the moment
he considers th.it the interests of this
Government require the presence of a
man-of-war he Is empowered to cable
Captain C. D. Sigsbee, h^r commander,
to come. Of course, it is recognized by
the President that the necessity which
will call the Maine to Havana must be
urgent. The administration does not
desire to station a man-of-war in Ha
vana harbor. The authorities object to
exposing the officers and men to in
fections from dangerous diseases, and
they think their presence in the har
bor would cause some overt act to be
committed which might involve Spain
and the United States.
There was ample confirmation to-day
of the Herald's exclusive announcement
that the Maine had been ordered to be
ready to leave for Havana should Con
sul-General Lee desire her presence.
Secretary Long was disinclined to dis
cuss the situation, but finally said that
the original orders given to the vessel
had not been changed, as was stated in
The San Francisco Call
the Herald's dispatch this morning. The
instructions given to the Maine when
she left New York for Key W^st on De
cember 11 were that she might have to
proceed to Havana. The dispatch from
Consul-General Lee indicating that se
rious trouble existed in Havana came
yesterday afternoon. Tt in understood
that General Lee sent to General Blan
co and urged upon him the advisability
of havingan American warship come to
Havana. General Blanco, however, to
quiet thf> apprehension of General Lee,
stationed guards around his office and
house. In closing his dispatch to the
department General Lee intimated that
the presence of a man-of-war was de
sirable, although he did not directly
ask that one be sent to his assistance.
General Lee's dispatch was sent to the
White House, where the President and
Assistant Secretary of State Day were
in conference. Th<\se officials consid
ered the suggestion of General Lee
looking to the dispatch of a man-of
war to Cuba, and as a result Mr. Day
went to the Navy Department to see
Secretary Long. Mr. Day informed
Secretary Long that the President did
not believe that a warship should be
sent to Havana, but it was desired that
the Maine might be in readiness to pro
ceed to that port at an instant's notice.
Accordingly Secretary Long telegraph
ed instructions to Captain Sigsbee to
be ready, and General Lee was advist-d
that he might cable to Captain Sigsbee
to come to Havana should there be any
danger.
News of the suppression of the riots
was sent by General Lee late last night.
This afternoon he reiterated his state
ment that quiet prevailed, and in a Bub
sequent message explained that there
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast for Ran Fran
cisco: Increasing cloudiness on Fri
day, with southerly winds.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco 49 decrees
Portland 48 decree*
Los Angeles 58 degrees
San Diego 54 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Situation In Cuba Critical.
Annexation Short of Votes.
President Dole of Hawaii Coming.
The Jute Bog Scandal.
SECOND PAGE.
The Jute Bar Scandal.
THIRD PAGE.
Still Fight Mark Hanna.
Young Santa Rosa Girl Vanished.
France to Prosecute V. .la. .
Prince Guilty, but Irresponsible.
Theodore Dtirrant Is Ashes.
Burled Alive In a Mine.
FOURTH PAGE.
The Baden Murderer's Trial.
Story of Alslp's Finances.
FIFTH PAGE.
Congress at Work.
Lob Angeles School Scandal.
News Along the Water Front.
Working for the Jubilee.
SIXTH PAGE. •
Editorial.
Immigration Restriction.
The South and the Fair.
The Los Angeles School Scandal.
Currency Reform.
A Foolish Booster.
The Runaway Horse.
Stories From the Corridors
The Coast Press.
SEVENTH PAGE.
New Tear's at the Greek Church.
Improvements on Polk Street.
The Sham Divorce Case.
Robbed by Bunko Men.
Robbed In light.
EIGHTH PAGE.
Commercial World.
NINTH PAGE.
New* From Across the Bay.
TENTH PAGE.
Racing at Oakland.
ELEVENTH PAGE. ■
Births, Marriages and Deaths.
TWELFTH PAGE.
School Positions for Favorites.
Capture of a Burglar.
A Night Among the Sports. -
SAX FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JANUARY 14, 1898.
was no further pressing need of a man
of-war. An official erf the administra
tion told me to-day that there was no
need of alarm over the possibility of a
rupture between the United States and
Spain. He recalled the fact that the
Navy Department recently sent the
cruiser Marblehoad to Port Au Prince
to protect Americans. Similarly, the
Maine would have gone to Havana. He
said that the stories that the entire
squadron had been ordered to Havana
were absurd. The squadron will not
leave Hampton Roads before Sunday.
It will then proceed to Tortugas, and
f-npape in tarpet practice. It will rest
on Sunday. January 23, and will then
sail for drill grounds, which lie between
Tampa and Key West. The vessels
which will take part in tho drill will be
the New York, the flagship: the battle
ships lowa, Indiana and Massachusetts,
st-cnnd-class battleship Texas, cruisers
Detroit and Montgomery, monitor Ter-
ror and dispatch boat Fern. The Maine
will probably be directed to take part
in the squadron maneuvers. The squad
ron will remain at the'drill grounds un
til April. The Detroit has just reached
Key West from a cruise to the West
Indies, and in accordance with orders
sent by the department, the Marble
head was preparing to leave for Na
vassa Island when an accident occurred
during target practice, which resulted
in injuring fonir men. The Marble
head's departure has consequently been
delayed. The torpedo boat flotilla will
soon sail for Galveston, Tex.
President McKinley is not so anxious
to-day in regard to the Cuban situation
as he was yesterday. Reports sent out
from Washington this morning that
there was a Cabinet meeting presum
ably at 5 o'clock this morning are un
true. It is believed that the flurry is
over, at least for the present.
GREAT INTEREST IN
THE TROUBLE IS NOW
MANIFESTED AT MADRID.
Government Version Says the Uproar Is
Over, Thanks to the Loyalty of the
Volunteers at Havana.
MADRID, Jin. 13.— 1 need scarcely
tell you that news published early this
evening of the rising in Havana excit
ed acute interest. Early placards were
posted up in prominent places forecast
ing what the evening papers would
publish later on, and these were sur
rounded by crowds of people, who chat
tered as only Spaniards can. Later on
when the papers came out there was a
rush for them instantly. Men read
them, coveted up their eyes with typi
cal Spanish cloaks, and in cafes and
clubs all were intent to know the de
tails, which, when printed, did not tell
you any more than my first telegram,
The case is somewhat like that of the
Greek officers who, three years ago,
broke into the office of the Acropolis,
an Athens newspaper, and threw the
type and everything possible of the
window. But this case is worse, as it
implies that the ofTlcers in question dis
agree with autonomy, which th<> pres
ent Government is trying so hard to es
tablish. It is not true that the officers
will be summarily shot. They will be
tried by court-martial. Their conduct
has been physically what General \V. •>•-
K-r's was morally. The Que°n Regent
at an early hour was given the con
tents of the telegram from Cuba, and
a council of ministers was held at the
palace.
Alarming rumors went about in the
Stock Exchange, the m<rst sinister of
which was that the volunteers had
pone over to the mutineers, when-as
the contrary is the case. They m i
stanchly by the new Government.
There was a slump all around, but it
was not serious. The Government ver
sion Issued is very brief. It says that
all the trouble is over, thanks to the
loyalty of the volunteers. The Gov
ernment feels annoyed at this trouble
occurring at a time when everything is
going so smoothly, but pains hope in
the Feeling that the United States will
now see that th'> object of the present
Government and that of the United
States are the same, and that cries <>f
"Viva Espana!" "Viva 'Weyler!" "Mn
erte ala autonomia!" uttered apainst the
<;'>vernment were also uttered against
the T'nited States' policy.
The Heraldo makes the greatest fea
! ture of all the papers, having a whole
page with the heading right across,
"Military Mutinies in Havana." It
professes to have received a special re
port through a steamer touching at
\ Key "West, and says that 100 officers
took part belonging to different corps.
The origin of the trouble t was some
newspaper attacks upon Captains Gal
vo and Sanchez, General Weyler's
aids. Captain General Blanco is much
irritated, and proposes severe action.
i A cable dispatch from Havana says
• that a new law to prevent the press of
1 Cuba from attacking the prestige of the
Spanish army and officials will appear
in to-morrow's Gaceta.
<►
EXCITEMENT ABOARD
THE BATTLESHIPS
INDIANA AND IOWA.
After Taking on Coal These Vessels Lea ye
for Old Point Comfort to Join the
North At/antic Squadron.
NEWPORT NEWS. Va., Jan. 13.—
The battleship Indiana left this after
noon for Odl Point Comfort, after tak
ing on 990 tons of coal, to join the
other vessels of the North Atlantic
squadron. The battleship lowa cama
up this afternoon to fill her coal bunk
ers. Rumors as to trouble have reach
ed the men on these vessels, and there
is some excitement aboard ship, but no
important orders have been received
from Washington.
It is understood that the vessels now
In these waters will not sail for the
South until Saturday morning, unless
there are further developments of an
unexpected nature in the Havana sit
uation.
NORFOLK, Va., Jan. l.T —The flag
ship New York will probably sail for
Key West to-morrow morning. One
hundred tons of coal have been ordered
alongside the ship at Seawalls Point,
alongside Hie monitor Terror, which is
also at the Norfolk Navy Yard, and day
ar.d night shifts are now at work pre
paring her for sea. Ammunition to be
used for target practice whil.' on th*
winter cruise has been delivered aboard
the warships within the past few days.
Naval officers decline to discuss the sit
uation, but pt.-int out the fact that the
orders of the squadron to make its win
ter cruise in the Gulf have not been re
voked. ;
THE TREATY'S
FRIENDS ARE
FRIGHTENED
Not Votes Enough to
Bring About An
nexation.
Still Four Short on a Care
ful Poll of the
Senate.
This Calculation Gives the An
nexationists All the Doubt
ful Senators.
PRESIDENT HARD AT WORK
All the Efforts of the Administration
Will Nut Succeed in Seizing the
Hawaiian Islands.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
A poll of the Senate
made at Washington to-day
shows the annexation
treaty four votes abso
lutely short of the two
thirds necessary to secure
its ratification. As the mat
ter stands, there are fifty
one Senators for the treaty,
thirty-three against and
five doubtful. Giving the
annexationists all tae doubt
ful votes, they would still
have only fifty-six. It re
quires sixty to insure rati
fication.
Call Office, Rises House,
Washington, D. C. Jan. 13.
.It Is Very apparent.. tfc ■* "he Ha
: waiian r\T\Tie'xat\oait-'ji.~'iifili*' lJ+.t\ly'.*ji
moralized. This is evident from a lead
ing article in an evening paper whose
editor, for reasons well understood' In
Honolulu, Is rampant for annexation.
The Star tries to make It appear that
Senators Thurston and Gear, who were
a day or two ago announced as op
posed to annexation, are now doubt
ful about their policy. In its juggle
with figures, this paper says: "With
Thurston and Gear in line, and count
ing Kenney and Smith as favorable,
there would be sixty votes for the
treaty. It is understood that McLau
rin is very apt To vote for annexation.
The fact that Mr. Morrill has been a
most attentive listener to the speeches
favoring annexation since the Senate
has been holding executive sessions,
and his remarks made to other Senat
ors are believed by many friends of
the treaty to mean he is doubtful as
to the way in which his vote will be
cast and that should it be shown his
vote would determine the question he
would likely cast it in the affirmative.
"With Thurston and Gear in favor of
the treaty, if they so declare them
selves according to the expectations of
many, Mr. Morrill would he the only
Republican in opposition, arid, as stat
ed, his opposition is now regarded as of
a doubtful nature rather than having
a firm conviction against the wisdom of
the treaty.
'■There are also possibilities of votes
favoring the treaty in addition to those
indicated. Senator Daniel remarked to
day that he was still doubtful, though
inclined to vote against annexation.
Roach and Mitchell are also doubtful.
The President is using all the Influence
in his power to make friends for the
treaty. The whole situation as it ap
pears to-day is wry much more hope
ful than it has been for several days "
A careful and conservative p,,1l made
yesterday showed that the annexation-
Continued on Fourth Page.
J. P. DIGGS, Brother of the Middleman.
HAWAII'S
PRESIDENT
IS COMING
Sanford B. Dole in
the Role of a
Lobbyist.
Thinks He Can Aid the
Tottering Cause of
Annexation.
On the Way to Washington to
Take Charge of the Forlorn
Hope Brigade.
WHAT HIS TOUR COSTS.
Ten Thousand Dollars Appropriated
to Defray the Expenses of the Chief
Executive's Junket.
Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU. Jan. 6.— And now the
fair city by the Golden Gate should
prepare to salute the President of Ha
waii with all due honor and courtesy,
for he is the first, and perchance the
last. President of the Republic of Ha
waii. Once before Hawaii sent you a
King, but you treated him too hospita
bly and royally, and we lost him. The
ruler Hawaii pf-nds by the steamship
Pern on the 7th is a man cast in a dif
ferent mold. He, too, is a son of the
■Oil ami of an honored and noble mis
sionary father, and a man of very
plmnlng and charming personality. As
a nan and a gentleman his bitterest
political opponents have no words of
dispraise or in detriment of his per
sonal character. As a politician and a
■talesman he will bo on trial before his
peers in Washington.
The Council of State at its delibera
tions late yesterday afternoon decided
by a unanimous vote that Sanford B.
Dole, President of the Republic of Ha
waii, should be authorized to proceed
with all haste to Washington to labor
in the cause of annexation. This ac
tion was taken after a preliminary
meeting cf the members of the Gov
« rnment -with Chief Justice Judd, Gen
eral A. B. Hartwell, John Ena, F. J.
Lowrfe, Henry Waterhouse, William C.
Wilder, Colonel W. F. Allen. W. A.
Kinney, P. C. Jones, James A. Ken
nedy, C. P. RipUy, Alhert Wilcox, Cecil
Brown, George W. Smith, J. B. Ath
erton, W. R. Castle and others.
It was thought at this meeting that
a tidal wave of enthusiasm would fol
low in the President's wake in his
journey through the United States, un
til it would overwhelm all opposition
and carry the bark «f annexation
throuerh Congress at a thirty-five-knot
run. But then the dignity of the toga
of our chief magistrate is to be pre
served. According to the official organ
it was expressly stated that he was
not to appear before committees to be
subjected to questioning and cross
examination like an ordinary witness.
Neither was it the intention that he
should travel about addressing meet
ings or bodies indiscriminately or mis
cellaneoaaty. His conduct was to be
dignified, of course, and his goings and
comings from day to day would be left
to his own judgment and discretion.
The Cabinet then met and approved,
and then the great Council of State
also approved, and Minister Cooper, he
who rules over the Foreign Office and
Board of Education, will, after Satur
day next, bo the Acting President of
Hawaii, an honor earned through read
ing the revolutionary proclamation of
the "Committee of Safety," which
formed the Provisional Government in
those early days of January, 1593, from
the threshold of the Government build
ing under the protecting arms of
United States Minister Stevens and
Captain Wiltse, U. S. N.
It is said by annexatlonists who
claim to have inside information that
this bold stroke of policy — one in the
nature of the end justifying the means
Continued on Fourth Page.
HOW DIGGS
GOT CHEAP
JUTE SACKS
iQterestiQg and Convincing
Correspondence prori)
Prison Records.
Sixty-Six Thousand Bags Ordered
by Telegraph and Without
Affidavits in the NicK
of Time.
DEPUE AS MUTUAL FRIEND.
The following correspondence will explain how the middleman gets
San Quentin sacks at bedrock prices:
W. E. Hale, Warden, San Quentin. Cal.
Dear Sir: What are sacks worth? I already have a few customers
and I would like to do the sack business with you the coming year, and
•would like also to know what would be the chances for me to secure
a certain number of bags for June and July delivery, so that I will know
I will be able to furnish my customers with them at a certain given
price.
Of course, I would furnish the affidavits at the proper time. I would
be pleased to hear from you on this point, and you might talk the mat
ter over with our mutual friend, Sir. De Pue, and let me know in regard
to It. Yours truly, ML DIGGS.
HfILE TELLS HIM MOW.
February 3, 1597.
Mr. ML PisTffs. Woodland, Cal.
Dear Sir: In reply to your favor
of the 30th ult. I beer to say that
the price of our grain bags has
been fixed by the State Board of
Prison Directors at 4^i cents. Con
ditions and terms will be same as
formerly, and I inclose herewith
a number of blank order-sheets.
The outlook now is that bags
will advance in prtco with the sea
son and our present price may be
changed by the directors at any
time. The only way I can see for
you to secure the bags you require
for your customers is to obtain
their orders as soon as possible
and send them in with the requir
ed deposit, to have them booked
for delivery at any time to suit
yourself.
The "Ostrom law" may be re
pealed or modified by the present
Legislature, but even if it is, the
same rules will most likely be fol
lowed by the directors in the dis
posal of our bags, with, perhaps,
the exception that they will not
insist upon an affidavit with or
ders from known direct custom
ers. Until something is done by
the Legislature, we must, of
course, follow the provisions of
that law. Yours truly,
W. E. HALE, Warden.
*--•--♦■■♦•-♦--•--*■♦■■♦■♦■♦-■•--**--♦--•-♦-♦■
On the day Mr. Edgar DePue, the
dean of the Hoard of State Prison Di
rectors, retired from office, he admit
ted to a representative of The Call full
cognizance, on the part of himself and
associates, of the fact that middlemen
throughout the State were carrying on
an extensive retail traffic in San Quen
tin sacks. He knew further that this
stock was created and replenished from
sales made on excessive applications,
and defended the action of the direct
ors, wherein it may have favored the
conniving methods of the middlemen.
OB the ground that the board could
not go out Into the country and prose
cote the applicants for misdemeanor un
der the Ostrom law. Mr. DePue was
entirely frank in discussing this phase
of the management of San Quentin ,
grain bag sales, and maintained that :
the directors did the very best they
could under the circumstances.
It has been the policy of the board to
assume that, no matter who applied far
MARSHALL DIGGS, Middleman.
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
WOODLAND, Cal., Jan. 30, 1897.
AND DIGGS GETS THERE!
WOODLAND. Cal.. Feb. 16, 1897.
W. E. Hale, Warden, San Quentin,
Cal.
Dear Sir: Will you please let
me know as soon as you can after
you decide to make a change in
the price of bags? Notify me as
soon as possible after you find out
there is to be a change. Yours
truly, M. DIGGS.
WOODLAND, Cal., Feb. 19, 1897.
W. E. Hale, Warden, San Quentin,
Cal.
Dear Sir: I wired you this morn
ing to reserve for me 66,000 sacks,
and that I would forward affida
vits. I received your answer stat
ing that you would do so, for
which please accept thanks. It
will probably take me several
days to get the affidavits, as some
of the farmers live quite a dis
tance in the country, and it is
storming so hard and owing to the
poor condition of the roads it may
be several days before they get in,
but I will forward them to you as
soon as I possibly can.
Thanking you for past favors, I
remain, yours truly.
M. DIGGS.
♦ ■♦--♦--♦-♦♦-♦--♦--♦■-♦--♦--♦--♦--♦-♦-•--♦--♦•
sacks as a middleman, or as depositor
of the required 10 per cent, the affidavit
affixed, in which the number of sacks
is specified as necessary for use, was
sufficient to demand their approval. It
has been a case with them of not car
ing to go behind the returns. Various
pretexts are offered for this acquiescent
course, the least plausible of which is
that several farmers pcol their applica
tions under one affidavit to secure the
benefit of the lower rate on large ship
ments. Why they could not apply un
der affidavit severally and provide for
carload consignment to a given point,
with the same result, is not explained.
Again, it is held that almost inva
riably farmers apply for more sacks
than they really need, and the residue
pass into the hands of the storekeepers
and country cjealers.
Under a carefully supervised system
of sales it does not appear that such a
contingency would be of consequence,
so far as the market price of sacks2
might be affected. Farmers having a
small surplus <>f sacks in the fall would
be forced to sell them at or below cost,
and any number of such transactions
could not raise the prices the following
Bummer, unless the board pegged them
up. The small sales made by needy
farmers of surplus sacks after harvest
have no influence on market quotations,
and if they had it would be to reduce
the local prides.
Regarding legitimate sales to actual
consumers from every point of view, if
every small farmer applicant in the
State, who came -within the 5000 limita
tion of the Ostrom law, should have se
cured too many Backs, whatever dispo
sition he might make of his surplus
could not inflate prices on him and his
fellow farmers the succeeding year.
If the truth were told the board
holds the Ostrom law in contempt.
They have assumed erroneously that
their particular function is to do as
they please with the jute mill product.
po lons as they can make a good show
ing on the balance sheets. It does not
contain a single provision of a restric
tive or mandatory nature they have
not at one time or another violated,
under specious pretensions and a
manifest misapprehension of the obli
gations Imposed on them as public of
ficials. If it is a bad law it remains to
be proved such, and even if proved a
i\v it is no part of the duty of the
prison directors to repeal it or abrogate
it. Legislatures are elected for the
purpose of annulling, making and
amending the statutes. Every time the
board has appealed to the Attorney
ral for his official consent to dis
regard certain specific provisions of the
Ostrom act he has tried to recall them
to their senses.
The frequent reminder in the lan
guage of the law that the warden and
the board should deal only with actual
consumers meant that they should
spare no vigilance and precaution in
acting upon applications. It meant
that they should closely scrutinize each
and every affidavit, and see to it that
the sacks sold were delivered to citi
zens needing them for the transporta
tion of grain from their wheat fields to
market." Confessedly th c board did
not bother their wits on this score.
In Beveral wheat sections, among
them Yolo County, The Call has taken
pains to consult the farmers as to
their experience in procuring San Quen
tin sacks, and the divulgements con
firm the assertion already made that
the supply is pretty largely controlled
by middlemen. While they are guilty
of no direct violation of the law. they
have established a. system which pro
duces that result. It is even shown
that in furtherance of their plan for
loading up each year with San Quentin
stock, the middlemen secure the sig
natures of farmers to affidavits for
sacks in excessive number, without
swearing the affiant before a proper of
ficial. Farmers familiar with the law
testify to having refused to make affi
davit to these inflated applications,
knowing they would thus commit a
misdemeanor. Afterward they secured
without affidavit all the San Quentin
packs they needed from the very men
who demanded of them an oath to a
falfe application.
In those instances where farmers
■were persuaded to attach their signa
tures to affidavits heedlessly before the
attest of a notary was affixed, or
where they willingly testified to the re
quirement of many more sacks than
they could consume, they appear to
have bet a to some extent in the power
of the jobbers as debtors. The necessi
ties of these poor men were made the
vehicle of the fraud so daringly prac
ticed. They were approached partic
ularly during 1897, when the big deal
•was put through, long before sacks
were needed, in the month of Febru
ary, an<l told applications must be for
warded at once or they might not be
able to get their supplies when harvest
time came. Thus informed, they made
applications to suit the greedy plans
of the middlemen.
What The Call intends to prove posi
tively at this stage of the investiga
tion is collusion between Warden Hale,
the board and at least one conspicu
ous middleman in Yolo County. Th<>
latter, Mr. Diggs, is a personal friend
of Mr. De Pue and his father-in-law,
W. <}. Hunt of Woodland, who has
been sold jute goods known as "bar
leys," or defective sacks, without
making affidavit. It will be found in
following the inquiry that Diggs sold
the Backs, and that farmers found
them perfect.
It has been asserted by The Call that
middlemen have been favored, and it
now remains to prove the fact. By
those persons who have followed the
exposure in progress it will be remem
bered that the Board of Prison Direct
ors fixed the price of Backs at $4 75 per
hundred February 3, 1895, and decided
to s^ll on application to any number
within 1,000,000. A second resolution of
similar purport was passed to cover the
disposal of a second million. As has
been intimated already, the sale for fu
ture delivery in the brief space of fif
teen days of 2,000,000 sacks shows that
certain friends and operators were, to
quote a. vulgarism, "put on.**
Dtgprs was one of the protected mid
dlemen, as will appear from the letter I
files at San Quentin. Three days before
the plan of the directors matured, the
Woodland middleman wrote to Warden
Hale as follows:
WOODLAND, CaL, Jan. 30. 1897.
W. E. Hale, Warden, San Quentin. Cal.
Dear Sir: What are sacks worth? I
already have a few customers and I would
like to do the sack business with you j
the coming year, and would like also to ;
know what would be the chances for me ;
to secure a certain number of bags for i
June and July delivery, so that I will
know I will be able to furnish my cus
tomers with them at a certain given
price.
Of course. I would furnish tho affidavit!
at the proper time. I would he pleased lo
hear from you on this i>oint (and you
might talk the matter over with our mu
tual friend, Mr. De Pue, and let me know
in regard to it). Yours truly,
M. DIGGS.
Warden Hale promptly answered:
February 3. 1897.
Mr. M. Dlpgs. Woodland. o*l.
Dear Sir: In reply to your favor of
the 30th ult. I beg to s.iy that the price
of our grain bags has been fixed by the
State Board of Prison Directors at A\
cents. Conditions and terms will be the
same as formerly, and I Inclose herewith
a number of blank order-sheets.
The outlook now is that bags will ad
vance in price with the season and our
present price may be changed by the
directors at any time. The only way I
can see for you to secure the bags you
require for your customers is to obtain
their orders as soon as possible and sen-J
them in with the required deposit, to have
them booked for delivery at any time to
suit yourself.
The "Ostrom law" may be repealed or
modified by The present Legislature, but
even if it is. the same rules will most
likely be followed by the directors In the
disposal of our bags with, perhaps, the
exception that they will not Insist upon
W. G. HUNT, Father-in-Law of Mr. DePue.
affidavit with orders from known di-
rect customers. Until something is done
by the Legislature, we must, of course,
follow the provisions of that law. Yours
truly, W. K. HALE. Warden.
Then comes Mr. Piggs, under date
four days before the board raised th«
price of sacks 25 cents a hundred, with
the following:
WOODLAND, CaL, Feb. 18, 1897.
W. E. Hale, Warden. San Quentin, Cal.
Dear Sir: Will you please let me know
as soon as you can after you decide to
make a change in tho prto of bags?
Notify me as soon as possible after you
find out there is to be a change. Yours
truly. M. DIGGS.
What Warden Hale telegraphed is
not known, but here is the interesting
letter Mr. Diggs sent to him the day
before the price was put up to $5 00.
WOODLAND, CaL, Fob. 19. ISP7.
W. E. Hale, Warden, San Quentin. Cal.
Dear Sir: I wired you this morning to
reserve for me 66.000 sacks, and that I
would forward affidavits. I received your
answer stating that you wosid do so.
tor which please accept thanks. It will
probably take me several days to get
the affidavits, as some of the farmers live
quite a distance. in the country, and it is
storming so hard and owing to the i^nr
condition of the roads it may be s.-veral
days before they prt in. but I will for
ward them to you as soon as I possibly
can.
Thanking you for past favors, T remain
yours truly, M. DIGGS.
Mr. Diggs had not the affidavits to
foward just then, but would get them
as soon as the county roads were aus
picious. Thus he got In on the ground
1!.. 0r price of $4.75 per hundred sacks,
saving his distance by a day and the
good offices of the board.
R. Lichtenberg of San Francisco fre
quently sells raw jute to the board on
contract. He is evidently on excellent
terms with the memDers and keeps in
touch with their management of af
fairs. On February 18, two days be
fore the price of San Quentin sacks
was advanced from $4.75 to $5, Mr.
Lichtenberg put in applications that
were accepted for a total of 7">,000 sacks
as follows: George E. Williams, 5000;
J. A. Williams, 10.000; Frank S. John
son, 10.000; Jacob Levy Sr., 50,000. Two
of these orders were not filled until
May, the other two remaining in the
State warehouse until July.
SACKS SOLD
WITHOUT
AFFIDAVIT
Middleman Diggs Does a
Thriving Busioess ir) San
Quentin Products.
Careful investigation by The Call
shows that among the most extensive
dealers in grain sacks in Yolo county
are Marshall Diggs. I. P. Diggs, T. B.
Gibson and C. D. Simpson, of Wood
land, and Borach & Levy of Yolo,
while many others deal in them to a
less extent.
The firm of Borach & Levy, as shown
by the statements of several farmers
in that vicinity, entered into contracts
with farmers to supply San Quentin
bags without even having them make
the necessary affidavits. C. E. St. Louis
says he entered into a contract for 800
1 prison sacks and that they were duly i
! delivered to him. He made no affidavit
i and was not aware that any of his
neighbors did. In addition to his affi
davit he stated to The Call correspond
ent that when he ordered his sacks one
of the members of the firm handed him
a blank application and told him to
sign his name to it. This he did and
' the merchant then took charge of it.
Mr. St. Louis had no idea what became
i of it, whether it was filled out by the
merchants and forwarded to San Quen
tin or not. He was positive, however,
he did not go before a notary and attest
it. It was his belief that the others
signed blank forms in the same man
! ner. Such a proceeding is clearly in
violation of the law governing the sale
of jute bags.
But while almost anybody with suffl
( cient capital can trade in San Quentin
I sacks there was one transaction in 1893
that is tinctured with something more
than mere evasion of the act of 1893.
Only one grade of bags is made at I
San Quentin. Every year there is a j
S quantity of bags that are supposed to j
'be imperfect. These are sorted out and !
| are what are known as culls. In 1893 ]
; and 1894 these bales were stamped and
known as "barleys," but during the
past two seasons no distinctive mark
has been put upon them and instead !
| of being known as "barleys" they are
now called "culls."
i W. G. Hunt of Woodland, who in
1893 purchased 5000 "culls" at 5 cents,
i : Is the father-in-law of ex-Prison Di
i } rector E. J. De Pue, whose official term
I ; recently expired. Mr. Hunt owns 800
» acres of land on Cache Creek. 515 acres
i of which are set out in fruit trees and
known as the Yolo orchard, of the
■ land not included in the orchard about
100 acres are covered with timber and
: i less than that quantity is sown to
i j wheat,
i Mr. Hunt's purchases of "culls" were
I 1 made on June 10, July l, July 20 and
THE SAX FTCAXCTSCO CATX, FKIBAT, JAKXTABY 14, 189 S.
August 12 of 1593. From March until
August th" regular price f<>r bags was
|5 ~:> per hundred. In the latter month
the Directors advanced the price to
$6 40 per hundred. He made no affi
davit \vh. n he bought the culls, al
though the law says that "Al! orders
for jut>* triM da must be accompanied by
an affidavit setting forth that the
amount of goods contained in the or
der are for individual and personal use
of the applicant, mid affidavit to be
subscrib.-d and sworn to before some
Notary Public or Justice of the Peace."
Mr. Hunt was present at a meeting
of the Board of Prison Directors at
which the Question <-f disposing of im
perfect bags was discussed, and he sail
he could use some of them. Tlv hoard
decided to lot him have some at $5 per
hundred, and the purchases were made
in four lots.
That these bags were not for his own
use, and that they were n"t Imperfect
hags, but of first quality, is shown by
the affidavit* of two highly respected
farmers of Tolo County. James E.
Scarlett, who owns 31 T> acres of land
about seven milts from Woodland,
makes affidavit that in 1893 I. P. Dtggs
offered to let him have all the bags he
needed for that season. Pipers was do-
Ing Scarlett's harvesting, and. accord
ing to the tatter's affidavit, Digga told
him he had got the bars from Hunt:
that, although they were marked and
Fold as "barleys." they were perfectly
good. Scarlett pays he examined the
sacks, and found them to be without
flaws or imperfections, and accordingly
he bought all he needed for that year.
L. Cramer, another Yolo County
farmer, makes affidavit that during I*W?
Diggs offered to sell him what grain
sacks he needed, and stated, as he did
to Sr arlett, that the sacks were known
as "barleys," but were first class in ev
ery respect; that he had p<7t them from
Hunt, and that Hunt had procured
them through the influence of Pc Pup.
Cramer did not take any. as be had
already purchased his bags.
Mr. Piggs was ask.-d fur an explana
tion of that and other transactions but
hf refused to make any statement
whatever thnt would throw any light
upon his dealings in crrain baps.
Mr. Piggs owns 198 acres of land in
Tolo County, and last year he rented
lfiO acres from K. U. Lowe, making a
total of 3'S acres he cultivated. This,
at the average yield of ten sacks to the
»
YOIiO, Yoln County, State of CaHfornia, January 1, 1898. (
I am a farmer having 140 acres In township 10 north. 2 east, Yolo <
County. Early In the spring of 1597, myself and pt-veral other farmers I
in my neighborhood entered into a contract with the firm of Borach & (
Levy, merchants of Yolo. for grain bags. I ordered SOO San Quentin (
bags, agreeing to pay either $5 50 or $5 75 per on< hundred. I made no (
affidavit and am not aware that any of the others did. The bags were t
duly delivered to me and were the San Quentin bags. I could have <
had either San Quentin or Calcutta bags. It was understood that we t
were to pay more than the rate quoted at San Quentin prison, but we t
were satisfied to do this in consideration of the fact that the freight t
charges were paid, and that we were given credit for the bags until i
after our crops were harvested. This is the first year I have purchased i
San Quentin bags from an outside dealer. t
C E. ST. LOUIS. i
Subscribed and sworn to before me this first day of January. A. i
D. 1898. CLAUDE V. BURKE, Notary Public. I
act«, would make 35*0 sacks he would
require for his own use. Certainly, his
CTOfM could not be so heavy as to re
quire more than 5000 bags, yet on Feb
ruary 19 last I. T. Diggs, through his
cousin, Marshall Diggs. filed an appll
catlOQ for 12,000 San Quentin sacks. |
which, according to the prison records,
were delivered on June 1.
J E. Scarlett, who bought some
"culls" of I. P. Diggs in lhi'3. also
bought 2000 San Quentin bags from him
in 1897. This would show conclusively
that Mr. Diggs did not use all the bagn
he ordered, but when he was asked for
information on the subject he eaid that
if a farmer had more sacks than ho
needed it was natural for him to get
rid of them rather than carry them
for a year.
"Rut how is it that you ordered 12,000
sacks, Mr. Diggs? Surely your crops
never gave promise of such a yield as
that," was suggested.
"Last year I farmed nearly 500
acres," replied Mr. Diggs.
"But even so, you could not possibly
want 12,000 sacks for your own use."
"Well, a man is liable to overestimate
his crop sometimes. It is a hard mat
tes to R<> into a field of growing wheat
and estimate just what it will yield."
All attempts to induce the gentleman
to say how many surplus sacks be had.
or what he had done with them, met
with the same ill success. Mr. Diggs
would not even admit that he had sold
any, although he was told that Mr.
Scarlett had made affidavit to that ef
fect.
"I know Mr. Scarlett well," said Mr.
Diggs, "and he is one of the most re
sponsible men in« the county, but you
know that everybody is liable to make
mistakes."
He djd not deny that he had sold the
sacks, but intimated that he might
have loaned or traded them to Bear
lett. The latter's affidavit, however,
names the price he paid Mr, Diggß for
the bags.
Mr. Diggs declared he had no recol
lection whatever of the transaction in
the culls or "barleys" referred to. and
professed ignorance of what "culls" or
"barleys" were. He said he paid cash
for everything he bought and kept no
books, therefore he had no means of
telling anything about his transactions
of former years, and did not take the
trouble to remember them.
"But did you not sell some 'culls' to
Mr. Scarlett in 1893?"
"That Is too far back for me to re
member anything about. Possibly I
did; I cannot say now."
"Did you offer to sell any to Mr.
Cramer?"
"I tell you I cannot remember all my
transactions so far back."
"Did you purchase any bags from Mr.
Hunt that year?"
"You had better ask Mr. Hunt, he
can probably tell you better than I
can."
"But surely you can remember
whether you ever bought any bags
from him and if at less that the reg
ular rate?"
"Now, see here! If a man does you
a favor, you are not going to say or do
anything that might work him an in-
Jury, are you? Well, that's my case. I
have absolutely nothing to say on this
subject; if you want any information
go to Mr. Hunt."
"Do you remember having bought
any kind of sacks from him at any
time?"
"I really can't say whether I have or
not. As I told you before, such matters
pass from my mind, and I never pay
any further attention to them."
W. O. Hunt is classed as one of the
wealthiestmenin Yolo County. In addi
tion to the Yolo orchard, he owns much
property in Woodland, and resides
there. He was not inclined to throw
any more light upon the deal in
"culls" than Mr. Diggs. ;ind made no
secret of his desire to have the inter
view terminate with all possible haste.
"If you want any information go to
headquarters for it," was all he would
say.
He declined to state whether he had
<l»-alt in prison baps since 1893. ur
whither be had ever had any dealings
with Marshall or I. P. Diggs.
s<mie idea of the extent of the traffic
In San Quentin grain baps may be
gained from the number that passed
through the hands <-f Marshall Diggs
of Woodland last season. As shown by
records at San Quontin. Mr. Dipgs sent
in orders for 156,000 bags between Feb
ruary 9 and April 14. 1597. the orders
being filled out in Mr. Pipgs' name.
while the affidavits bore the names of
the farmers.
A copy of the order and affidavit of
A. Bourn of Yolo County, which is sim
ilar to the others, is herewith Riven:
Woodland. March 5. 1597.
To the Warden of San Quentin Prison— Sir:
I herewith' enclose check for $50, to cover de
posit required by law on 10,000 grain bags, at
5 cents.
Ship bags, upon receipt of balance of pur
chase price, by to ■ . Shipping in
structions to follow. Respectfully.
M. DIGGS.
State of California,
County of Yolo.
I hereby certify that 1 am a farmer and
grower of grain, residing In V •■!.. County, and
that the bags ordered above are for my own
personal and Individual use. A. BOURN,
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this sth
day of March, 1397. J. I. MeCONNELLs
[L B.] Notary Public.
It will be noted that all the orders
but the last two, calling for all but
9000 of the sacks ordered by Mr. Diggs,
were filed prior to March 13, on which
date the board advanced the price to
$5 40 per hundred.
Mr. Dipgs expressed the utmost will
ingness to explain his connection with
the traffic in San Quentin baps. He
made no »c» ret of the fact that he
handled them, but explained that he
<li<l so as a matter of a<< ■■mmodation
to his customers, and that the profit
h>» made on them was limited to the
difference in the freight charges on car
load lots and on k:«s than full carloads.
"The extent of my dealing: in San
Quentin bags is this," said Mr. Biggs.
"Early in the season I take orders from
farmers for what grain sacks they
need. These orders, accompanied' by
the usual affidavit, I forward to San
Quentin, together with the necessary
10 per cent deposit, which secures the
bags, subject to orders. When I get
ready to have the bags shipped, I for
ward the remaining M per cent of the
purchase pr i and the bag*" are for
warded.V % -.
"How is it that you order your bags
so far in advance of the time you have
them delivered?"
"Merely to secure prompt delivery
when I get reads f° r them."
"The orders sent in by you are us
ually marked, 'Shipping Instructions to
follow.' What is that for?"
"Oh. I do that because, as Is often
the case, I <!<■> not want them all de
liver. •<! at i :• place. For instance.
Charles Pay ordered all of his baga
from me lnst season, taking in all, I
think, about 21.000 San Quentin bags.
Part of these were for his Yolo ranch.
and the others were to be sent to an
other ranch in the San Joaquin valley.
"When he got ready to use them I for
warded instructions as to the number
to be shipped to each point."
"How are these orders and affidavits
made out, Mr. Diggs?"
"Right hrre in my store. The far
mer gives the number of bags he wants
and the order is made out. He signs it
and makes affidavit that they are for
his personal use. We forward the or
der, and sometimes advance the 10 per
cent deposit."
"Are these orders ever raised; that is,
do the orders call for more sacks than
the farmer really needs?"
"Not to my knowledge."
"Rut you certainly have had prison
made bags for sale and have sold
quantities of them?"
"Well, yes. I have, but it Is like this:
A farmer cannot estimate from his
growing grain just how many sacks
he will require and if he has a surplus
I take them off his hands."
"What is the largest surplus you re
member a fnrmer to have had during
th^ past season?"
"Oh, I can't answer that, but some
crops will fan short one-half. Of
course they don't want to carry the
surplus bags over to the next year so
I take them and sell them to some
body who needs more than he counted
on."
"Well, your cousin. I. P. Diggs, for
instance, did he have any surplus bags
from last season?"
"Yes, a few."
"He cultivated about 3"0 acres of
land last season, did he not?"
"Yes, about that."
"And ten sacks to the acre Is a good,
fair average?"
"Yes. that is a fair average."
"So that would make about 3500
sacks he would require?"
"Yr-s. about that."
"Then why did you. on February 19
last, accept an order from him for
12.000 sacks?"
"A man may go out in the spring and
estimate what his crops may yield, and
when he comes to harvest them they
may fall short one-half. I have known
that to happen frequently, and, of
course, rather than to carry the sur
plus sacks they have bought over until
the following ppason the farmers are
willing to sell them at even less than
Cost."
YOLO. Tolo County, State of California. January 1, 1898.
I am a farmer cultivating 100 acres in township 10, range 2 east,
Yolo County. In the year 1593, I. P. Diggs came to me and offered to
supply me with all the grain bags I needed for that season's crop.
He told me they were San Quentin wheat sacks, but were marked
and shipped as barley sacks. He assured me they were No. 1 sacks
in every respect. He told me he got the sacks through W. G. Hunt, of
Woodland, and that Hunt got them through the influence of Prison
Director De Pue, who is Hunt's son-in-law. He said the price was
$5 per hundred, but I cannot remember whether that included the
freight, or I was to pay that. I did not take any of the sacks, as I
had already purchased all I needed.
That was the only time Dlggs ever spoke to me about grain baps.
About the first of June, 1897, I bought 1000 San Quentin grain bags
from Borach & Levy of Yolo, paying for them $5 12^4 per hundred, de
livered in Yolo. I was not asked, and did not make any affidavit, nor
did I sign any paper whatever. I merely ordered the sacks and got
them at the depot. L- CRAMER.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this first day of January, A.
D. 1898. CLAUDE V. BURKE, Notary Public.
"But how can a man who is culti- j
vating a small farm on which it is im
possible to make such an over-estimate
as occurred In this instance make am
davit that he requires 12,000 bags when |
it is impossible for the land he is cul- j
tivating to yield more than, say, 4000
sacks of grain at the most?"
"I don't know anything about that.
All I can say is that if ■ man gives an j
order for a certain quantity of sacks
we fill out the order as he gives it and
never question it."
"And you are Entirely willing to take
all the surplus sacks he may have?"
"Oh, certainly. I only wish we could
get hold of more than we do."
"How many San Quentin sacks do .
you think you handled last year?"
"Oh. probably 160.000."
"Have you had any dt-alings with Bo- j
rach & Levy?"
"Yes; I have sold thotn BOBM Snn
Quentin sacks, but how many I do not !
know."
"None of the sacks ordered by you i
are ever delivered before June, are
they?"
"No; I never call for th^-m until the
farmers begin to want them. They are
delivered mostly during June and
July."
Mr. Digps was then questioned about
the traffic in "culls," and at first pro
fessed the densest ipnorance on the
subject, but later he admitted having
heard something about them several
years ago. Ho denied emphatically,
however, that he had ever dealt in
them, and did not know of anybody
who had.
"Have you ever handled any 'culls'?"
"What are culls?" returned the mer
chant. "I never heard of culls."
It was explained that they were
marked "barley," but were comnumly
called "rulls."
"No; I never heard of them before."
replied Mr. I >igps. "I thought that
only one prade of sacks was manufact
ured at the prison."
After some further conversation he
suddenly remembered having heard
something about culls before, but only
In a general way. and was positive he
had never handled any.
"It must have he?n about 1593 or '4,"
said he. "that some barley s:i<ks, or
what were called barley sacks, wore
sold at the prison, but who bought
them, or how many were sold, I can
not say."
PRACTICAL
EXPERIENCES
OF FARMERS.
Results of an Investigation)
fimong Wheat-Raisers in
Yolo County.
Several days were spent by Call rep
resentatives among the farmers in dif
ferent sections of Yolo County, and
many WON the side lights thrown upon
the handling of San Quentin bags.
There wore some who, while admitting
that they had hoard and seen enough
to be convinced that merchants and
speculators WOTt derhrlng a rood in
come from the handling of prison bags,
were opposed to making: any statement
for publication for fear, as they ex
plained, lest they might provoke the
wrath of men to whom they were un
der obligations, in one way or another.
Farmers who till thousands of acres, as
well as men who have barely enough
land on which to eke out a living, were
seen, and nearly all expressed the opin
ion that a thorough investigation
should be made.
That San Quentin bass can be pro
cured in large quantities without the
necessity of filing an affidavit Is proven
beyond a doubt, while the prices charg
ed by these dealers, including freight
from Pan Quentin. vary from the fac
tory price to nearly 25 per cent above.
< ;>'orge Scott owns and farms more
land than any other man in Yolo Coun
ty, his farm lying about sixteen miles
from Woodland. Last season he re
quired 20.000 sacks to hold his crop of
wheat. Mr. Scott does not use San
Quentin sacks, because the Calcutta^
are cheaper and answer the purpose
just as well, although they are not
quite as good in quality as the prison
goods.
"It has long been a mystery to me,"
said Mr. Scott, "why sacks cannot be
manufactured at San Quentin prison
at a less cost than they can be im
ported from Calcutta, but whenever I
want to buy any, I find that the latter
are the cheapest, and so I take them.
The San Quentin factory is supposed
to be operated for the benefit of the
farmers, but I fail to see where they
derive much benefit from it. Regard
ing the handling of prison bags by
dealers, of course I cannot speak from
experience, as I have never purchased
any, but I have no doubt that anybody
can get all the prison bags he wants in
season, without sending to San Quen
tin for them."
Charles T. Day lives about three
miles southwest of Woodland on one
of the largest and richest farms in the
Sacramento Valley, which he is proud
to call his own. Mr. Day is well known
throughout the State and is generally
regarded as an up-to-date farmer and
a shrewd business man. But when the
subject of prison bags was brought to
his attention he laughingly admitted
i that there were some things of which
■ he had but vague knowledge, and one
! of those was the management of the
I San Quentin jute factory.
"I understand the law governing the
sale of prison-made bags," said Mr.
Day, "but I imagine there are few
farmers in this section, at least, but
know that its provisions are evaded
and violated in one way or another. I
have told some of the men I knew to be
dealing in bags that the affair would
be thoroughly ventilated sooner or
later.
"Why, only last season." Mr. Day
continued, "a certain dealer in this
town whose name I must decline to
give, came to me and asked me why I
didn't buy 'culls' instead of the regular
sacks. I had never heard of "culls' be
fore, and I asked him what they were.
" 'Don't you know about these culls?"
asked he. apparently surprised at my
ignorance.
"I confessed that I did not, and he
explained what culls were, and assured
me that they were as good as the reg
ular bags. That was the first I ever
heard of culls, and I told this party
that exposure would come eventually,
but he did not seem to think so.
"I did not buy any culls, but went to
the Bank of Tolo, as I always do, and
tilled out an application fur 1f.,000 San
Quentin sacks. Then I went before a
notary and made the usual affidavit
that they were for my own use. This
order was forwarded for me by Mr.
Diggs. So far as I know, my affidavit
was regular in every respect; I follow
ed the same course I do every year."
"Did you order any more sacks than
you required?"
"No; but there is another thing: I
have noticed, and that is that the deal
ers are always anxious to have a far
mer order all he can possibly need.
They assure him that they will take
all he may have left over. That haa
been my experience repeatedly. I have
been told to be sure and get enough
sacks, and there* will be no danger of
my being out of pocket by getting too
many. But I have never ordered more
than I thought I needed, and if any of
my applications have called for more,
the figures have been raised after I
signed them."
Mr. Day would not say who it was
that gave him the information regard
ing culls, but as Marshall Diggs han
dled his order for him and has done so
before, it is not unreasonable to sup
pose that it was he who gave the ad
vice to purchase them.
Asa Morris, who has many acres ly
ing between Tolo and Knights Land
ing, said:
"It has been no secret In these parts
that San Quentin bags could be ob
tained at any time from dealers. Diggs
and Hunt of Woodland have dealt in
these bags extensively, and merchants
throughout this section are always
ready to supply either Quentin or
Calcutta bags at practically the same
price as quoted at the prison.
"I have never bought any prison bags
from dealers, preferring to get them
direct from San Quentin. This season
I bought Calcutta bags, but several of
my neighbors bought prison bags and I
am quite certain that some of them at
least got them from Diggs and other
dealers.
"I have often wondered how these
dealers got hold of prison bags, and
naturally supposed there was some
thing shady about it, for the law is
very explicit in regard to their sale
and requires every purchaser to make
affidavit that they are for his own use.
Consequently there must be something
wrong when men who do not farm a
foot of ground, or at most compara
tively small tracts, stand ready to fur
nish at any time more prison- bags than
they would need for their own use in
twenty years. These men do not han
dle bags as a matter of accommodation
to farmers, and if they get prison bags
at a less rate than the farmers can the
farmer is a double loser, for he not
only helps to support the prison, but
he is charged more for an article os
tensibly manufactured for his especial
benefit than a few favored dealers are,
and the latter are thus enabled to
make a profit out of the farmer on
prison bags that the law intended there
should be no traffic in. I sincerely hope
the entire matter will be thoroughly
sifted."
G. B. Eustis, an extensive wheat
grower, living about six miles from
Knights Landing, was most caustic in
his comments on the way prison sacks
were being Bold.
"I have thought for some years that
there was something wrong about the
handling of the San Quentin product
and many of my neighbors have had
the same idea. For that reason I and
T think others have not cared whether
I used prison or Calcutta bags.
"There has been nothing secret about
dealers handling prison bags. Hunt,
Diggs and others have sold both San
Quentin and Calcutta bags to farmers
throughout this section for years, and
it has always been a mystery to the
farmers where they got the former.
"This past season I bought 1500 bags
of Borach & Levy at Yolo, and they
offered me either brand, but I took the
Calcutta bags, as they hold more and
are just as good as the San Quentin
bags. It is known to everybody around
here that almost every storekeeper in
the county is prepared to furnish any
quantity at short order. "Where they
get them of course I can't say, but I
have all along thought that some San
Francisco houses were handling San
Quontin bags and supplied the interior
dealers.
"We all know the law governing the
sale of San Quentin bags, and if a
farmer wants to purchase from the
prison direct he has to make the usual
affidavit that they are for his own use,
but of course, with almost any mer
chant handling them openly, I be
lieved that the law was being evaded,
to put it mildly, and the natural sup
position is that the Prison Directors
must be aware of what is going on. I
hear much about the defects in the law
governing the sale of prison bags, but
It is my opinion that if it were proper
ly enforced it would afford ample pro
tection to the farmers, as it was intend
ed to do."
T. F. Laugenour is one of the oldest
and most highly respected farmers in
Yolo County. His farm comprises one
of the most fertile tracts along Cache
Creek. Mr. Laugenour explained that
his memory had failed him somewhat
and he could not recall the dates of
his transactions with the dealers, but
that bags of San Quentin make were
openly and constantly handled by them
there could be no doubt. There were
several people in Woodland, he said,
who dealt in sacks, as did also Borach
& Levy of Yolo, and other merchants
in the county. He coula not remember
anybody In Knights Landing who han
dled them, and it was his impression
that there was nobody there who was
engaged in the business.
"I have not used any San Quentin
bags for the past two seasons," said
Mr. Laugenour, "for the reason that
Calcutta bags have been cheaper, and
I find them just as good. But in 1895.
I think it was, I bought a number of
prison-made bags from If. Diggs of
Woodland. I do not remember just how
many I purchased or what I paid for
them, but I am sure it was in that
year that I got them.
"Of course San Quentin bags are sold
outside the prison; every farmer in
Yolo knows it. But where or how tba
dealers get them I do not know. I
have been told, however, that the deal
ers buy up the surplus bags from the
farmers, but it is not likely that they
depend upon that source alone for their
supplies. What I mean by surplus bags
is this: If a farmer bought 5000 bags
at San Quentin and only used 4000,
some dealer would take the other thou
sand. That explanation does not
amount to much, though, for a farmer
generally has a pretty good idea of
how many bags he will need before he
Continued on Fourth rage.
NEW TO-DAY.
/ ■ */ t-of * "it
Miff W4
Il'I 1 '
i' ■ «
You Unow all those
pretty Ulsters that we
have bee ii showing this
winter at §7.^0 and
$6.95. Those real swell
ones in light, 'medium
and dark colorings, blues
among 'em, those very
long Ulsters reaching
down to the boy's shoe
tops, sizes up to 16 years.
We're going to malic one
lot of all these choice
Ulsters. Your pick of
any of 'em Friday and
Saturday, including one
of those Brownie Lunch
Boxes, at
BRAVIf
MEN
And women are fitting out for Alaska
with proper clothing, with suitable
food, with mining tools and conveni-
ences of travel. We are glad to be of
service to all these and to save them
money where possible.
INFORMATION FREE
On all Klondike subjects — our ex-
hibit on first and third floors, in the
windows and at the
GOLDEN JUBILEE
'■''.■"■::■;..■■_■■■;■: ... v
Fair from January 29th to- March 6th.
This will be the greatest Fair held in
this fair city. Ask the fair lady at the
demonstration counter on the right
near the door to show you our pulver-
ized potatoes and what nice pan cakes
they make. Receipts ready in a few
days. "We are oversold on evaporated
onions by several tons, but will keep a
few pounds for you and your friends
who call at • i":
CASH STORE
ad 61 MulaCL oil tut, Call IlulltlubU,
Coke! Coke! Coke!
p. a. McDonald
813 FOLSOM STREET,
J. a. McDonald
813 FOLSOM STREET,
holesale dealer and shipper of the best
§ bra FOUNDRY AND FURNACE COKE.
» have on band a large quantity of San
Francisco Coke, superior to anthracite for
furnace or cannel for crate use. This coke la
made from the best Wallsend ■. coal, and caa
recommend it to consumers as an Al article.
Will Deliver Any Amount From a Sack to a Shipload.
CARLOAD ORDERS SOLICITED:
"~— . ■ . ■■ ; •.- .-■
"OI3TTCIJI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, - paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe • factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manu¥acturePB,6o9 Sacramento St.
'^BVbEWEY,STRONG&Cd.>g^
Wright's Indian Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persona who
have used them for over forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS, CONSTlP\-
an^urlfy&loiS ?ea* ; Stomach,
(h this reamed? Persons can euro themselves
without [ the least exposure, ■ chansre of diet or
changre in application to business. The medicine
contains nothiug that is of the least injuryto the
liutiou. Aak your arugglst for It. Price, $1KEEP UP
THE FIGHT
ON HANNA
Opposition Against His
Taking the Long
Term.
Will Carry the Charges of
Bribery to the
Senate.
Libel Suits Brought Against
Republican. Newspapers
of Ohio.
LEGISLATORS TO SQUABBLE
There Will Be a Lively Time When
the Reorganization of the
House Is Attempted.
IMepntch to The Call.
COLUMBUS, 0., Jan. 13.— Senator
Hajina and the members of the Legis
lature went home to-day. AU will re
turn by Tu< sday ln-xt. The leaders on
both sirie.s are still here preparing for
anoth< r tight next week.
Th-- opposition to Hanr.a was de
feated In his election, !>ut it purposes
to fight now agrainst his being seated
for the long u-rm. His enemies say
they have not the time to Ini
th'- short term, but they will press the
bribery charges .is .such charges were
pressed on Henry !'■. Payne fourteen
years ago to the United Stai
Subpenas hay
tor Banna, Maj >r l >ick, W. D. H<
be< k. ii. H. Boyce and othi i b to ap
pear before th next
Tuesdaj night. Libel s
ght against ilican
n com
with the bribery ■ tably one
by T. • :. Campbell for i gainst
the ' >hio State Joui i
Wh committee, <>f
which Sen chairman, be
gan its Investigation yesterday, the
House ■■■ : 111 not be appointed
until next Tuesday. The Otis res
I - idopted In the House to-day,
" ' as< Ti v- anted tim<
in oi the five men t<> do the
ng. As Speaker Mason Is
anticipating an attempt to oust him
he Is • ■ nfer with the mem
re naming his committee. In
the standing committees named by
Mason to-day it was seen that he gave
the Republicans who voted for Box
es. But it is said that
the latter will not accept the olive
branch and that a majority has signed
a document to oust Mason and the
other officers.
Speaker Mason has never missed a
moment out of his chair during the
sessions r '? the'past two weeks. As
Speaker pro tern. Griffith is now with
the Hanr.a members Mason knows that
In his absence a resolution would be
offered and adopted to r«--nrganiz" the
House As Mason will refuse t" r
r.ize any on*' offering such a resolution
there are those who expect trouble In
the House before the proposed "rgani
zation is effected.
Mason was very arbitrary in his rul
ing? to-day and the Republican mem
bers ■ : to resort to desperate
efforts next week for reorganization.
A? the fusion Republican m< a
from Cincinnati were assured of sup
port on the Republican side for certain
bills for the reorganization of their city
their Bupport, with the exception of
Otis, la counted on in displacing Ma-
Bon. The Dei I - depended
on to support the Cincinnati bills In
any event.
WILL GO ALONE
IN POLITICS
New Party Born at the Con
ference of the
Populists.
«
All Connections With the National
Committee Are Promptly and
Forever Severed.
Special Dlspatrh to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 13.— A new
party was born to-night in the confer
ence of the Populists and named the
People's party. The People's party
proposes to so it alone. It has severed
all connection with the National Popu
tlist committee and made arrangements
for administering on its estate without
the aid or advice of any outside party.
"With few exceptions the delegates de
clared themselves unequivocally in fa
vor of going it alone in the future. The
referendum system was highly com
nted and recommended for us"
the middle-of-the-roaders in
rig matters of national importance
to the order, and there was a practical
: i among the delegates that a
natii | Idential convention should
teld this year.
Resolutions were adopted denouncing
fusion and reprobating the treatment
rded Watson in the last campaign.
A number of rules were adopted for
mment of the national organizing
■•. among them a rule that the
nal organizing committee shall
Bubmit to a vote of the People's party
any proposition when petitioned to do
so by nol less than ten thousand mem
bers of th*- parly.
On adjournment of the organization
committee of the People's party the
members of the national committee
present met at the Laclede Hotel and
adopted the following:
"Resolved, That we, the members of
the national committee present, indorse
the action taker, by the organization
committee and recommend that Its
Islona be tarried Into effect, be
lieving that such action will harmonize
all differences in the party."
■*
CLEVELAND'S APPEAL
IN BEHALF OF WORDEN.
The Ex-President Says He Has Good
Reasons for Endeavoring to Obtain
Clemency.
PRINCETON, N, J., Jan. 13.-When
asked to-night for his reasons for appeal-
Ing to Governor Budd of California for
clemency In th<* cane of Salter D. Word
en, ex-Presidem Cleveland said: "Just
Fay that I have good reasons for my ac
tion or I certainly would never have en
deavored to obtain clemency for Worden
from Governor Budd."
DISAPPEARS FROM
HER PARENTS' HOME
IN SANTA ROSA
Name of a Missing 16-Year=old
Girl Forged to a Note At=
tempting to Explain Her
Strange Absence.
SANTA ROSA. Jan. 13.— Jessie Pickerel!, the pretty 16-year-old
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. James Pickerell of this city, has disappeared,
and despite the frantic effortl of her parents and the systematic
work of the police, absolutely no trace of her can be obtained. Yes
terday at about noon Bhe left her home at the corner of Cleveland
avenue and Lincoln Btreet, having obtained her mother's permission
to visit her aunt In South Turk, on the opposite side of the city. As
ehe had said she Intend* d staying all night nothing was thought of her
absence until about noon to-day, when Mrs, l'ickerell began to feel
bo me what won
Shortly after luncheon, unable to control her anxiety longer, she
visited her sister's house, only to find that her daughter had not been
there I all. A hui trch of the neighborhood was made, but no
t r;l , •- the missing girl could be f< und. Mrs. Pickerell and her sister
th< reupon returned to the vicinity of the Pickerell home, and a tour of
the houses of the pirl's friends was commenced, but all to no purpose.
A boy was Bent to summon Mr. Pickerell, and upon his return from the
where he Is employed, and Just as he was entering the gate, he
mtered a postman upon his daily rounds. The carrier handed Mr.
pickerell a letter, and it was found to contain the following:
Dear Father: I leave you this letter to let you know that I am go
lr.tr away. I am not happy at home. Please do not grieve for me. OJoi-d
!r Papa.' "JESSIE."
letter was not in the girl's handwriting, and, instead of prov
ifort to the parents, it only served to increase their fears.
The police were at once notified, and every possible clew was investi
gated without effect. The girl is well known here and the railroad peo
re certain that she has not left town on any of the trains de
parting since her disappearance.
The mother can give no reason for her leaving home, although
she admitted that she had noticed that J<-ssie had appeared somewhat
despondent for a past week. Mrs. Pickerell is completely prostrated.
o o
000000000000000000000000000000000000
FRANCE TO BE
HIS ACCUSER
Novelist Emile Zola Will
Be Prosecuted by
the State.
Outcome of His Attack Upon
the Army in a Letter to
Faure.
Chamber of Deputies Passes a Reso
lution Declaring Confidence in
tlio Government.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Jan. 13.— Count de Mun, the
Clerical leader, caused excitement In
the Chamber of Deputies to-day when
he asked to be allowed to question the
raiment on the subject of Emlle
Zola's open letter to President Faure.
M. Colberry caused an uproar by reply
ing that the absence i f General I
compelled a postponement of dlscus
sion. Count de Mun declared that the
question was one that could not be put
off.
Loud protests greeted M. Cochery's
announcement that the Government
posed to iix a day for the debate,
and the Minister finally agreed to sus
1 •!. 1 the session until General Billot
could be present.
When the session was resumed the
Premier, M. Meline, made a statement,
saying in substance:
"We understand the excitement In
the Chamber in the presence of the at
tack <»n the chiefs of the army. The
Government, recognizing their duty,
have derided to prosecute M. Zola, al
though they are not blind to the fact
that the prosecution is desired in order
to prolong the agitation. It Is to be
hoped the ChaAber ■will have confi
dence in the energy and wisdom of the
Government."
Count de Mun said the Government
owed it to the army that it be assured
of its confidence, as it was Impossible
to allow the accumulation of insults
and attacks.
General Billot said this was the
fourth time he had been called upon
t'> defend a matter upon which judg
ment had already been passed. The
army, he added, treated the attacks
with contempt, but it was painful to
see it attacked from abroad. The army
was composedly pursuing its mission,
and in the day of need would know how
to do its duty. (Applause.)
M. Jaures. th<- Socialist leader, con
demned the court-martial proceedings
behind closed doors, which, he asserted,
"left the mind of the nation groping in
obscurity." He also asked the House
not to repudiate the subordination of
the military to the civil power. To
this General Billot replied:
"The army obeys its chief, and, as
the faithful guardian of republican In
stitutions, pursues its sacred mission."
M. Cavalgnac, Republican, asked the
Government to communicate to the
House the secret document which had
determined the condemnation of Drey
fus, which caused murmuring. M. Me
line said it was Impossible to re-open
before the Chamber the case already
Judged by court-martial.
Tli<- House rejected the motion of M.
Cavaignao regretting "the Govern
ment's vacillating policy," and adopted
by a vote of 311 to 21U the combined
nation of M. Marty (Republican) and
Count de Mun, expressing conlidence in
tii- Government and reiying on the
government "to take the necessary
Steps to stop the campaign against tht
army."
Zola's letter formally accused the
Minister of War. General Rillnt. Gen
eral Mercier, Major Ravary and Major
Patis de Clane of perjury in the Ester
hazy trial, and challenged the Govern
ment to prosecute him.
M. Loubet was re-elected President
of the Benate to-day. M. Scht-urer-
Kestner was defeated for re-election to
the Vi^-I'resMf-ncy.
The Temps will say to-morrow that
Comte Esterhazy will lie ptaoed on the
retired list. Other papers will say that
he has asked to bo retired in ord>-r to
be free to prosecute his calumniators.
It. Ifathieu and Leon Drf-yfus are to
be prosecuted for an attempt to brilm
Colonel Sandh<-rr, chief of the Intelli
gence Department of the War Depart
ment in IM4.
Ta Cure a Cold "In One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Qulnlm Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure.
26c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAT, JANUARY 14, 1898.
SUPER PRINCE
FOUND GUILTY
But Declared Irresponsible
for the Murder of
Terriss.
So the Assassin Will Escape
Payment of the Death
Penalty.
Sentenced to Bo Detained as a Crimi
nal Lunatic Duriiitj Her Ma
jesty's Pleasure.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. Jan. 13.— The trial of
Richard Arthur Princ», the super who
I William Terriss, the actor, be
gan to-. lay at the < >Id Bailey. Justice
Channel presided. The audience in
cluded many theatrical people. There
were about a dozen ladles in curt. At
the witness table sat Tom Terriss, son
of the deceased. Answering the usual
question of the clerk, Prince declared
that he was •guilty, with provocation."
The prisoner demanded the assist
ance of Queen's counsel. The Judge
explained that this was Impossible
Without B] !:se, but added that
th-- prison, r was entitled to counsel,
and advised him to take the adv; ■
til-- lawyer wlv> appeared for him at
the Instance of his friends.
Prince finally consented to have
counsel. After consultation with mun
s.-l. Prince said that, bung advised to
do so, be would plead not guilty.
The prosecution then opened their
case. As the murder was being de
scribed. Prince frequently smiled and
wiot,- a number of notes to his coun
sel, apparently to correct absolutely
unimportant details. Th-> testimony
presented was the same as was taken
at Bow-street Police Court, when the
prisoner was arraigned. Tom Terriss
was the first witness.
The defense alleged that Prince suf
fered in his youth from ■ sunstroke,
and that more recently he has had de
lusions.
The mother and brother of the pris
oner testified regarding the sunstroke.
It developed that Prince had claimed
thai be was Christ and that his mother
was the Virgin Mary. It was als
sorted in court that Prince had once
attacked one of his brothers with a
kr. if>-.
The Judge summed up. favoring
Prince's insanity, and the jury was out
half an hour. The prisoner was pale
and careworn as he faced the jury.
The jury returned a verdict that
Prince was "guilty; that he was aware
of what he did: but the jury, accepting
the medical testimony, declare him to
be irresponsible."
After hearing the verdict Prince at
tempted to make a speech, but was
checked by the Judge. The prisoner
then thanked all concerned, nt which
some applause was started, which was
Immediately suppressed by the Judge.
The judgment of the court was that
Prince be detained as a criminal luna
tic during Her Majesty's pleasure.
McKENNA'S NOMINATION
TO BE CONFIRMED TO-DAY.
Opposition From One Senator Because of
the Telegram Congratulating Hanna
Upon His Re-Election.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.— Senator
Perkina paid to-night that lfcKenna'i
aomtnatioa would, without a doubt, be
oonflrmed to-morrow, it was reported
to the Senate by the Judiciary Commit
tee late this afternoon without a single
negative vote being cast. Only one Sen
ator gave notice when the report was
submitted that he would offer any op
position.
The objection made to the present
consideration of Mr. McKenna'a nom
ination carries it over for only one day,
but it is not yet decided whether the
attempt to secure confirmation will be
made to- morrow. The objection made
to-day came from the Democratic side,
and it is understood t<> have been dic
tated in part by :i spirit oC resentment
to the wording of the Attorney-G<n»r
al's dispatch congratulating Senator
Hanna upon his re-election to the Sen
ate, which was as follows:
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.—Every
thing good in politics has triumphed
with you. Congratulations.
"JOSEPH M'KENNA."
GIVEN THE
ASHES OF
THEIR SON
An Urn Now Holds
All That Remains .
of Durrant.
Body of the Murderer
Consigned to a Crema
tory Furnace.
Viewed for the Last Time by
the Stricken Parents at
Pasadena.
CLOSING RITES ENACTED.
i The Mother Declares She Will Guard
XJ ntil Death the Dust of Her
Offspring.
Epeclat Ptspatch to The Call.
LOS AUqUCUBB. Jan. 13. — A handful
Of ashes— all that remains of the body
of W. H. T. Durrant — were this even
ing delivered In an urn to the mother.
The corpse of the murderer was cre
mated to-day at the Pasadena Crema
tory. All night long the father watch
ed by the Bide of the coffin as it reposed
at a local undertaker's- At 8 a. m. the
funeral cortege started from Sixth and
Broadway for Pasadena. It compris
ed the hearse and a carriage contain
ing th-- parents. The trip to Mountain
View Cemetery occupied thr<— hours.
When the body arrived th<- usual num
1 ber of morbid curiosity se.-k.-rs w.-re
there. They K"t In the way as much as
possible, and pushed and Jostled each
other to get a Bight of the coffin.
The cemetery is three miles from
Pasadena— right ai the base of the
snowclad mountains and it offers an
appropriate, Bilent home for the repose
ol the dead. At the eastern end the
crematory is located, it is a small one
story brick building, 12 by -» f< etlnsfse.
The entrance is ;»t the west end. Just
Inside Is a room 12 feet square, with
cement floor and yellow glass for the
solitary window.
Th< coffin was conveyed into the rrem
atory at 11:07 o'clock, passing a host "f
snapshot camera ti- r.ds from the h.-ars.>
t<> the little brick building. It was
pUu ed on a bier, and the lid was raised.
The corpse was beginning to show signs
.if decomposition, but the face was not
swollen or darken- d Both eyes and
mouth were slightly opened. The veins
across the temples were prominent.
Around the neck was visible the deep,
' red mark left by the hangman's rope.
An abrasion <>f the left cheek bad been
caused by the rope, and from it a tiny
streak of bl 1 bad trickled down crver
the fac* and dried.
First th>- r>-i>' M • v>« of the press
viewed the bods ..he ev€ry i% fi fi wa*
excluded, and Mr. an i Mrs. Durrant
in and were left lone a few mo
ments with the dead. Bide by side they
stood by tht fFin and looked upon the
body of their boy. Neither said a word.
Silently the mother lifted ..ne of the
hands and touched it to her lips. Then
sh<- smoothed back a lock of hair that
had fallen down over the forehead. She
manifested some emotion, but not vio
lent
Thon both mother ami father turned
away. The body was tak--r. out of the
<-<>tlin and placed on a Bheet-lron tray,
it was wrapped In ■ sheel nd soaked
with alum water. The table bearing
the tray was wheeled to the open door
of the retort. Head first it was con
signed to the flames, ■ grinding noise
of the moving table Indicating the fart
to the crowd outside. Just as the body
■ 1 Into the furnace the mother
turned her head and witnessed the last
act
Bight minutes from the time the body
was taken Into the crematory the
mother and father passed out and all
was over. They were Immediately driv
en to tiv home of Seth Arnold, at Fair
< >aks and Mountain avenue, Pasadena,
and there remained until this evening,
when Mrs. Durrant received the ashes.
She will keep them. She says she will
have ii" grave to visit or rare for, but
the ashes she can always have with
her. They are all there is on earth of
her son, and It will be forever a comfort
to have them.
The*temperature of the crematory at
the time the body was consigned to It
was I'OOO decrees. At Mrs. Durrant'S re
quest everything that rmilti possibly
form a relic of the occasion, or give
-ure to curiosity hunters, was de
stroys! in the furnace that heated the
chamber containing the body. The cof
fin and outer box were (hopped and
broken to pieces and were to the small
est sliver thrown into the flames and
consumed,
HAS THE NAMES
OF LYNCHERS
Douglas County Grand Jury
Carefully Investigating the
Über Affair.
CARSON. Jan. 13.— The Douglas
County Grand Jury, investigating the
[Tber lynching, is proceeding cautiously
with its work. The Sheriff and Con
stable were the first witnesses called
yesterday and it is believed that Con
stable Grey cave the names of tWO of
tli.- men in the mob. Mrs. Brown had
told people after the affair that she
overheard her son being Invited to join
the lynchers. and she was called to
testify. A great many witnesses were
examined to-day and the excitement is
such that people are in Genoa from all
parts of the valley. So many witnesses
have been summoned that it Is ap
parent that the jury is doing its best
to perform the task imposed by Judge
Mack and probe the affair to the bot
tom.
The talk in Genoa last evening was
that "Hell would pop about Saturday."
wh. n the Grand Jury is expected to
report, but it is doubtful if the Jury
will be able to report nr hand in an in
dictment before next week.
Death of Hugh Marshall.
CIOVERDAIjE, Jan. 13.— Hugh Mar
shall, an old resident of this county,
passed away to-day at the age of 79
years. He came to California from
Ireland in 1«".2. accompani.d by his
brother*— A. S. Marshall, now residlnK
in Cloverdale. and the late James Mar
shall of Santa Rosa. They accumulated
much real estate in Sonoma, Marln
and Mendocino counties. The estate
of the deceased Is valued at $30,000.
ENTOMBED
BY A SLIDE
OF EARTH
Five Men Imprisoned
in a Tunnel Near
Anaconda.
Rescuers Learn That Four
of the Unfortunates
Are Alive.
Establish Communication by
Driving a Pipe to Their
Cavern.
WILL SOON BE REACHED.
They Are Suffering Neither Thirst Nor
Hunger, but Are in Need of
Candles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ANACONDA, Mont.. Jan. 13.— At an
early hour this morning the discovery
was made that five men were entomb
ed in a tunnel, which the Anaconda
Copper Mining Company is construct
ing for water-fluming purposes under a
bluff about a half mile beyond the city
limits. A large quantity of powder
which has been carried into the tun
nel for the use of the night shift was
exploded by some mi ans, now un
known, wrecking the face of the tun
nel, which is about I^' feet long, and
resulting in a slidt- of earth which
closed the tunnel completely at a dis
tance of about forty feet from its en
trance.
From the moment of the discovery of
the accident, diligent effort has been
made to reach the five miners, concern
ing whose fate the deepest anxiety is
lilt. At in o'clock to-night, those en
gaged in rescue work felt sure that
the noise of the "miners' signal" reach
ed them from within the tunnel.
It was proposed to drive a three
inch pipe through the mass of earth
that had filled the tunnel. This plan
was vigorously followed and a twenty
foot length was successfully driven. A
second section was connected and to
the joy of the anxious spectators it
penetrated the mass of earth. Imme
diately, at 11 o'clock to-night, com
munication was established with the
Imprisoned men. Four of them were
reported alive and well; one is dead.
The work of reaching them is going on
with greater z>-al than ever. The men,
through an improvised speaking tube,
reported that they suffered from
neither thirst nor hunger, but that they
wanted candles.
Joe bfcLeod, formerly of Butte. is the
dead miner. The surviving four are:
Andrew I'lsher. Michael Kozina. Mat
Petritz and Mat Kozin.
Six hours hence will probably find
them released. It is not yet learned
how the explosion occurred.
THF GERMAN EMPEROR
TO HOLD KIAOCHAU.
RERT.TX. Jan. 13.— 1t Is asserted that
the Government notified all the great
powers f-f its intention to occupy Kiao
chau.
Emperor William, by a Cabinet or
• 1 r. has expressed to Admiral Knorr,
bhlef of the German navy, his great
satisfaction nt the seizure of Kiao
chau. It Is Intended t<r build a rail
way fr> in that point to Peking, con
n> (tine with th.- projected Russian line.
L< >Nl>< >XT, Jan. 13.— A special dispatch
from Shanghai is responsible for the
statement that th^ Chinese Minister of
War, Joune Ixra, has explained to the
Viceroys that Pert Arthur was ceded
to quiet Russia because a war cloud
was looming and all the powers had
cast envious eyes upon Chinese ports.
MAJOR H. G. WARD DEAD.
SAN" DIEGO, Jan. 13.— Major H. G.
Ward, who dlod in this city to-day aped
C.7 years, had a remarkable career. When
a young man he was a conductor on the
New York Central Hallway. Through a
tip given him l.y Mr. Wells of Wells,
Fargo A.- Co. Ward Invested his savings,
and in a i< w rears was a millionaire, re
sidinp In Paris. With his son Frank,
now of Huffalo, N. V., he ha>l several
Panama canal contracts and made more
money. Later Major Ward lost his for
tune in Wall street. He came to Cali
fornia ten years ago.
NEW TO-DAY.
\ i fßs&g^^^^ Women nowaday!
VM****? are learning that it pays
jRSSjIA to be healthy, that it
jaaKßfrgl pays to be strong. Weak
inß women make bad wives
/TOSnKMML and worse mothers. A
jßf&KEtk woman need not neces-
Ak^kSSUbi sarily become an athlete
■iagH^&W in order to fit herself foi
.'IB^'T* w ~\ the duties of wifehood
/ / A I and motherhood. If she
I / \ I will obey common sense
If \ I rules of health, and be
iCC IA. sure that the organs that
Woh» W<^B» constitute her woman-
hood are always healthy and strong, she will
be a capable and healthy wife and mother.
The best medicine for the treatment of
weakness and disease of the organs dis-
tinctly feminine is Dr. Pierces Favoriti
Prescription.
It is the discovery of a regularly gradu-
ated physician — an eminent and skillful
specialist. Dr. R. V. Pierce, chief consult-
ing physician to the Invalids' Hotel and
Surgical Institute, at Buffalo. N. Y. There
are on file at that institution letters of over
90,000 women testifying to the marvelous
merits of the "Favorite Prescription." It
acts directly on the organs that make wife-
hood and motherhood possible. It makes
them strong and healthy. It cures all
weakness and disease. It smoothes the way
to almost pangless maternity. .It insures
healthy children. All good druggists sell it.
Mrs. H. F. Reynolds, of North Fenton, Broome
Co , N. V.. writes : "I thought I would write you \
a few lines as I have been taking your medicine
and using it in my family. I have just taken an-
other bottle of your ' Favorite Prescription ' and
it has done me lots of good. I think it is a
grand medicine" -j^- - :■%?
The newly-wedded wife, above all othet
women, needs a good medical book. Dr.
Pierces Common Sense Medical Advisei
fills this want. It contains over 1000 pages
and 300 illustrations. Several chapters are
devoted to the physiology of the organs dis-
tinctly femir.ine. Send 21 one-cent stamps,
to cover cost of mailing only, to the World's
Dispensary Medical Association, Buffalo.
N. V., for a free copy, paper-covered. If
a cloth binding is wanted, send 10 *enU
extra (31 cents in all).
NEW TO-DAY.
U^ T/\ ■ • 00000000000000000
T f\ 00000000000000000
IT © ON THE PRESS. o
. WJ o A comprehensive fold- q
o cr on Klondike outfits o
M® —what we're doing ®
All o Zot£A> £/*C7?& «72$ 7*OW o
illy; o much money we can o
H || ° save you. It's in the °
Xlll % hands of the printer °,
0 and will be delivered o
/^ 1 o t o its shortly. Send us o
I •* /\ /\ /"I o Z/ OZ6r name and ad- ®
I 111 If! ° dress an & we'll mail a
vIUUu ° s
\A\J \j \Jk> 00000000000000000
000 0000
___ _ - ' OOpOOOO
f gg 1 1 ■ r 0000000
1 ill II V 0000000
1 jy \ 0000000
I I - "5 I GLk I 0000000
JL 11111 AM 0000000
\J 000 0000
That have a beginning, they must also have an
ending.
The flattering success of our closing out of
small lines of Winter Overcoats for men, including
our swellest, that have sold clown to a few of a hind;
the way the people have bought and the large attend-
ance has made it imperatively necessary for us to
say stop. We close the sale Saturday night.
0000000000000000 coo 0000000000000000
o Our two windows are a wonderful o
rOur two windows are a wonderful £
example of umnatchable price-m ailing. °
0000000000000000 CO 000000 0 O 000000000
THE GOOD THINGS IN
TEE WE L LEST THING THAT EVER
HAPPENED •
In Swell Overcoats.
■-■-■-■-■-H-B-B-B-H-H-«-B-B-B-B-H-a-H-B-B-H-B
What say you to a Brown ■ What say you, to a very fins
Cheviot Overcoat with velvet M and swell Kersey Overcoat, a
collar, gotten up swell? Only I very swell affair? Nothing
a few of 'em. If you're on W in town at $12 or $10 will
deck early you'll get one of ■ equal it. We've only got a,
'em at 1. few of a hind. What do you :
1 say to one of these swell
B CM*'- ■
i
v m v m ■■■■■¥■■■■■■ ■'■ ■ ■ ■
What say you to one of ■ Will you freeze or will you,
those stylish and fashion- ± get into an overcoat?
able Box Overcoats? In tan I The over coat happenings in
shades with satin sleeve lin- J the hi store these days, and
ing. Nothing in town at ■ the swell on and the tiny
$12 and $15 will equal it, m prices, should help you to
These, in conjunction with I dress fashionably, and dress
blues and Macks, on account H comfortably and dress quick-
of small lines. They're just ■ h J> because it don't happen
as swell as anything can be. . 1 everyday. We have taken
About the swell thing that ' ever ls overcoat in the
ever happened. What say H house for Friday and Sat-
you to one of these Overcoats ■ urday, and say for pick
at ■ H
r
B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-H-H-H-a-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-«
)
? This is a regular Overcoat Jubilee, and i
i you want to get on if you have to hold onto the i
rails
l _ ■■■■■ ■ ■■■■■■■■■■
1 1 - 13 - 15 KEARNY
KINO-PINS FOR OVERCOATS.
Q-11-13-15 KEARNY ST.
34
DARK OUTLOOK
FOR WINTERS
Telling Testimony Against
the Baden Murder
Suspect.
Hotel- Keeper Ferriter Positive
in His Identification or
the Prisoner.
Weapons With Which Andrews
W»3 Slain Purchased in a
San Francisco Store.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, Jan. 13.— The evi
dence thus far presented in the South
San Francisco murder case bodes ill for
Harry Winters, the defendant, now on
trial at this place. A number of wit
nesses were examined for the prosecu
tion to-day, and their cross-examina
tion by the defense strengthened rather
than weakened their testimony.
Patrick Ferriter, who was being ex
amined yesterday when court ad
journed, was placed on the stand this
morning. He testified that when the
robber on the stairs commenced shoot
ing Connelly called out:
"For God's sake, Ferriter, who is
doing the shooting."
Ferriter replied: "Get out of the
way — it's the man down stairs."
Just then Connelly cried out: "I'm
Bhot," and fell back on the Hour.
Ferrlter followed the robbers down
stairs, and saw Winters fall over a
watering trough. It was a bright
moonlight night and he could Bee him
very distinctly.
Upon cross-examination Ferrlter
positively identified Winters as the
man who told him to throw up his
hands. He said ho could recognize the
several persons as they came into the
hall in answer to his call for help.
The next witness called lor the pros
ecution was Rachael Tennabaum, who
conducts a second-hand Btore at 213
Third street, San Francisco, She posi
tively identified Winters as a man who
came into her place during the latter
j-art of October last. He at the time
had a hammerless Smith & Wesson re-.
volver, which he desired to trad
two common revolvers. She mad" the
exchange with him. When Bhown th<->
two revolvers taken from Winters and
Raymond she identified them as the
name ones, but on cross-examination
modified her statement by paving that
in her opinion they were the same.
Charles Tennabaum, her son, corrobo
rated her in every particular. He
further testified that Winters told him
he had need of the revolver* In his
business, which was traveling through
the country. The defendant entered
his name in a book kept by the Tenna
baum's us "L. S. Smith, 25 Fiilmore
street."
Police Officer Eugene V. Herve testi
fied that at 4 :4 T. o'clock on the morn
ing <>f the 17th of November, he arrest
ed a man whom he identified as C. 11.
Raymond, while the latter was coming
up the road toward San Francisco. The
arrest was made near the line divid
ing Sau Mateo from Pan Francisco
County. Raymond said he was from
San Jjse and was going to San Fran-
Cisco.. A revolver, which had been re
cently discharged, having one loaded
and four empty chambers, was taken
from him. The pistol was identified as
one sold to Winters by Mrs. Tenna
baum. He explained the empty cham
bers by saying that he had been shoot
ing at the fences and at objects on the
marsh Just for fun. Lieutenant Wil
liam F. Burke, before whom Raymond
was taken at Ocean View, testified that
Raymond told him he hailed from New-
York City; that he had been at San
Jose, where he was a roustabout and
collector for the Salvation Army.
When asked what wages he got for that
kind of work he said he didn't get very
large wages. "God pays me," ho de
clared. Lieutenant Burke noticed on
his Bhoulder tra^s of whitewash. Ray
mond explained that he had been lean-
Ing up against a fence. }{,- subse
quently took great pains to remove all
traces of the whitewash.
James MeXamara was called and
testified that on the fatal night he was
a roommate Ot C. A. Andrews. the man
who was murdered. He retired betwe< n
8 and fi o'clock and Andrews came in
somewhat later. He was awakened in
the early morning by the barking of
Ferriter's dog. He heard Ferriter get
up, come to the dor.r and speak to
someone. He was startled by the cries
<.f the hotel man of "Murder!" and
"Help!" He opened the door and looked
out. The men were scuffling in the
hall. Ferriter called for a light, and
McNamara and Andrews then went
out, the latter carrying a candle. He
went to the assistance of Ferriter and
caught the robber by the throat and
got him down on the floor. Then some
one commenced shooting. Connelly fell
at one of the shots. Four shots were
fired. The robber escaped and then
Andrews told him he was root twice.
He and Andrews walked into their
room, where the latter was put into
bed. While McNamara could not pos
itively identify "Winters as the robbcrf
yet it is his opinion that he is the man,
as he looks like the one.
The District Attorney expects to fin
ish the introduction of evidence for the
prosecution to-morrow.
HOW DIGGS
COT CHEAP
JUTE SACKS
Continued from Second rage.
places his order. Moreover, it is not
likely that a man would pay freight
on 2000 bags and then sell them at less
than the rt-gular rate quoted at the
prison, as he would have to. So where
•would the dealer make a profit? I am
aware that it is necessary to make af
fidavit when purchasing bags at San
Quentin, and for that reason I do r.ot
see how dealers get hold of the bags."
A. L. Bemmerly is another extensive
wheat grower of Yolo- County, who has
had some experience with Borach &
Levy in the purchase of grain bags.
Like some other farmers, he entered
into a contract with the Yolo mer
chants, his contract cajllng; for San
Quentin bags. In February. 1897, Mr.
Bemmerly contracted for 10,000 prison
bags for future delivery, at a price he
does not now remember, but is of the
opinion that it was over $5 per hun
dred, considerably more than the pris
on quotation, but that Included freight.
When Mr. Bemmerly called for his bugs
Borach & Levy were unable to deliver
10,000 of the prison make, and the or
der was filled with part Pan Quenttn
and part Calcuttas. Mr. Bemmerly was
positive that a portion erf the Backs
Were of prison make, but could
cot state Just how many. Afterward
he found it necessary to get more sacks
t<- hold all his grain, and he procured
some of Marshall Diggs, and at anoth
er time he got a small quantity from
Charles D. Simpson of Woodland. Mr.
Hemmerly is unable to say, though,
whether these last two- luts were prison
or Calcutta goods.
A. Abele owns 1 ."00 acres of farming:
land a few miles from VY odland, and
he Is one of the men who have pur
chased San Quentin bays from Mar
shall Dlggs. Mr. Abele expressed ft.
willingness to acknowledge his state
ment before a notary, but unfortunate
ly he is suffering from a stroke, of par
tial paralysis, his bands and arms be
ing rendered almost useless, and he was
unable to go before a notary or even to
i pen to attach his signature. His
statement was written in full in his
1. wrever, and he said it was
t in every respect. His statement
v. as ;is follows :
"January 2, ISM.
"I am a firmer owning 1500 acres and
more of land In Yol© County. In the
>ar 189(1 1 purchased from Marshall
Digga of Woodland nearly WOO
Quentin grain sacks, paying f"r them,
to the best of my knowledge, 5V6 cents
each, Including freight to Woodland. I
made no afltdavil and signed no docu
ment or paper, but paid cash for the
sacks upon receiving them. I have on
other occasions purchased San Quentin
•acks fp'in dealers, but do not remem
ber the exact dates or quantities
1m -mlit."
Walter MlUsap is a prosperous far
mer of Yolo County, his ranch being
situated about five miles from Wood
hind. His purchase of Pan Quentin
bags was limited to th" season of 189T,
and made from Boraco <Si Levy, At
first Mr. Millsap, while admitting that
be had heard much talk of the way
San Quentin bags were being sold by
outsiders, and that he had had some
experience himself, was loth to make a
statement because Of his friendship for
Mr. Borach, and was disinclined to say
anything that might get him into
trouble.
Mr. Borach, however, was not so ser
iously burdened with friendship for
Millsap at the time the contract was
entered into. On the contrary, al
though the price quoted at the prison
at the time was $." per hundred, Bor
ach charged his friend 15 80, and Mr.
Millsap is not certain but the price was
per hundred. He was Inclined to
the belief that It was the latter, but
to be on the safe side he placed the
figure at about $"■ f>" in his signe 1 state
ment. It was not until March 16 that
the prison directors advanced the price
to $."i 40. which rate has prevailed ever
since. Even at that figure, and paying
the freight to V I•, I rach would still
have found rich pickings in his friend.
D. B. Woods, a son-in-law of T. B.
Laugenour. tells more about the ex
tent of Marshall Diggs' dealings in
prison sacks. In 1897 Mr. Woods pur
chased from Digps v " "i bags, part, if
not all, of which were of prison make.
In 1886 he bought from the same dealer
11.000 bags, and part at least of these
were San Quentin bags. Mr. Woods
was of the opinion that both years he
bouerht more than the number given:
but he was not positive, no he took the
figures from Mr. I hosts' books. At no
time did he make any affidavit to the
State prison, but the bags were deliv
ered to him upon personal application
to Dlpps. showing that the dealer must
have had a big supply on hand.
C. P. Summers cultivates forty a^r^s
of land about two miles north of Yolo.
Mr. Summers also deals extei . »ly in
poultry, eggs and butter, and In <
quern o has close business relations
with Borach & Levy, and other
merchants in Yolo and adjacent coun
ties.
"If The Call's expose of this bag ring
brings about an investigation ami my
nony is wanted." said Mr. Sum
mers. "I shall be perfectly willing to
give it. That such a ring exists is pat
ent to every fanner in th^ county, and
it has been the subject of much com
ment among them.
"The way It is worked is very sim
: he added. "Every storekeeper, Hi
most, is supplied with quantities of the
warden's printed applications and affi
davits for prison bags. These are In
every respect Identical with those fur
nished by the Ban Quentin authorities
and must come from th • prison.
"I know Borach A Levy had a quan
tity of such blanks during the past :-• a-
S'«n, for I Baw th< in there. 1 went to
the store one day early in the season
to order sacks, and was asked how
many I wanted. At that time crops
were looking ex* eedingly slim and l re
plied that 500 were all I would •
Tfv- storekeeper told me to fill out an
application for 10,000 San <«>ueT:ti:i
sa«ks, pointing to a stack of affidavits,
but I refused to do so. A man to likely
to make a mistake of a few hundred
sacks when looking over his growing
(■!'. ;,s and estimating what they will
harvest, but nobody will make an esti
mate of 10,000 sacks for fony acres of
grain. The proposition was so palpa
bly crooked thai I would not consent
to become a party to it. and upon my
refusal, the storekeeper declined to
take my order, saying it was too rtnaJl
to bother with. loiter in the Reason,
however. I secured 700 San Cjuentin
bags, all 1 needed, from him.
"That is one way storekeepers obtain
their sacks." concluded Mr. Summers.
"They get farmers to make a requisi
tion for a much larger quantity than
they need, and keep the others to sell
to others. But there are other'methods
of obtaining prison hngs 1 think, for at
times the prices quoted by the dealers,
delivered in Yolo nr Woodland, are
about the same as the rate quoted at
the prison."
THE TREATY'S
FRIENDS ARE
FRIGHTENED
Continued from First Page.
Jsts were only sure of fifty-two votes,
eight less than the necessary number,
viz: Aldrich. Allison, Baker, Burrows,
Cannon, Carter. Chandler, Clark, Cul
lom. Davis, Deboe, Elkins, Fairbanks,
Foraker, Frye, Galllnger, (i.irman,
Hale, Hannn, Hansb rough, Hawley,
Hoar, Jones (of Nevada), Kyle, Lodge,
Ifcßrlde, McMiiia^. Mason, |foney,
Morgan, Murphy, Nelson, Penrose. Per
kins, Pettts, I'latt (i/f N«\v York),
I'latt (of Connecticut). Pritchard, Proc
tor, Quay, Kawlins, Bewail, Shoup,
Smith, Stewnrt. Teller. Turner, Turpie.
warren, Wetr.iore, Wilson and Wolcott
—fifty-two.
The following: wr-re counted as cer
tainly opposed : Allen, Bacon, Bate,
Berry. Caffery, Chi! ton. Clay. Coek
rell, Faulkner, Gear. Gfviy. Harris, Jones
(of Arkansas), Lindsay, McJOnery, Mc-
Laurin, Mallory, Martin. Mills. Mit
chell, Morrill. Pasco, Pettigrew,
Bpooner, Thurston. Tillman, Turley,
Vest, Walthall and White — thirty.
Beveo were classed as doubtful, viz:
Daniel, Butter, Heitfeld, Kenney, Man
tle, Roacri and "Wellington. Th<> anti
annexatlonists were much gratifi- 1 to
day when they ascertained that Butler,
Roach and Smith would vote with
them. This leaves the poll as follows:
For annexation. 51; against annexation,
33; doubtful. 6, with Daniel, Kenney.
Wellington, Mantle and Heltfeld in the
doubtful column. The probabilities are
altogether that Daniel will vote against
annexation. But, whether or not, it
will be seen that If the annexationists
THE SAX FttAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 14, 1898.
secure all five of the doubtful Senators
they can only muster tifly-slx votes, or
(our less than two-thirds.
The Pc-st says: "Unable as yet to
command a sufficient number of votes
to secure the ratification of the Ha
waiian annexation treaty in the Senate,
the friends of the treaty have appealed
to the President to throw the weight
of his Influence into the scale in their
behalf. The appeal has not been made
in v:iin. From this time until the vote
is taken the influence of the adminis
tration will be exerted in undisguised
fashion in support of tne treaty. Pres
sure is already beginning t" be applied.
The announcement In the Post yester
day morning that Senators Thurston
and Gear had decided not to vote for
the treaty because the annexation of
Hawaii and the consequent develop
ment of ■ large sugar-producing do
main would materially Interfere with
the beet sugar industry of Nebraska
and lowa, alarmed tho friends of the
treaty, and gent them In post haste to
the White House. Senator Klkins. who
is tlie representative of the administra
tion nn the floor of the Senate in con
nectlon ■with annexation, informed the
President early yesterday morning that
the reports of the defection of Senators
Thurston and (;c<ir were unfortunately
true, and he urged the President to use
every effort to bring them back into
line.
"Tliis the President premised to do.
and when a Bhort time afterward both
Thurston and <'nar appeared at the
White House, they were closely pressed
by t)i" Preside at for the reasons which
Influenced th< ir action. The result of
the interview is. <rf course, not known,
but it was stated last.evenlng that Mr.
Thurston would, in all probability, sur
render to the President's Influence and
vote for the treaty.
"Mr. Gear, however, took notes of
Senator I»;:vis' speech in executive ses- ;
sion yesterday and evidently Intends
to prepare a reply to Mr. Davis* an- \
nexatlon argument. The friends of the
treaty are i y no means hopeful and
some of them ar>> now looking forward
to the consideration of the Morgan re
solution, by which annexation can be
secured upon a majority vote. 1 '
Th<> length of the debate is still un
certain, but it is generally expected it
win continue through next week. At
the end of that time, if the canvass of.
the Senate Indicates that furthi r ef
fort to secure ratification would be use
i vote will be taken and the treaty
dropped, time being saved by the
prompt consideration of the pr- :
act. Senators Teller, Morrlll, ivttl
grew, Foraker, White, Kenney, Mor
gan and several others are ail pn ;
to make sp< >ch< -, but ten days of talk
ought to exhaust the list. Up to the
• " "thine: has be< n said in
secret session which could not have
been uttered in public. There has been
no private Information disclosed, no
state papers read, find no dire predic
tions uttered. In the <■•;>■ n sessions,
which will be necessary when the Mor
gan lull Is taken up, the whole ground
of discussion will have to be tra
again, while the appropriation of M. -
000,000 to pay the debt of Hawaii will
also excite a lively controversy.
The Senate did not make great prog
ress with the Hawaiian annexation
treaty to-day. Several ■ were
delivered, but ':> every Instance the
leer announced that to-day's re
marks ■ rely preliminary to what
lie would say before the close of tl
bate.
The executive session opened shortly
after 1 o'clock, with Senator \vi
the floor, but Senator Stewart Inter
rupted, and others cut the California
Senator out of th»- discussion. Those
who spoke were Senators Stewart, Frye
and Morgan.
Senator Stewart of Nevada supported
the treaty, and was the first Senator to
discuss th<» Question of sugar In con
nection with the subject. He said all
sugar lands were now occupied, and lit
tle was left saccept lands available f »r
the production of coffee. He asserted
that the Importation of sugar *to the
United States from Hawaii would not
be Increased to any perceptible extent
because the islands bad n a< h< d their
limit in the production of that article.
For this reason the producers of t I
sugar and can" sugar need not i>>->
alarmed. Senator Stewart eulogised
the natives as Intelligent and docile.
He said there were many of them In
California, and that they were well re
led there.
Senator White Interrupted to ask
why, if the Kanak re so wen
thought of, they had not been consult
ed on the question of annexation.
Mr. Stewart replied that throughout
their history. u\< to recent years, they
had be» n anxious to have thoir country
te a part of the r:iitr<l Si;
Senator Frye spoke upon the < <>m
merctal and military aspects which an
nexation | : in favor (if the
United States. ll<- called attention to
the fact that some Senators complain
ed i"'< ;ius<- ii" oil" stayed in the cham
ber and listened to the debate upon this
important subject. II" remarked tint
it was no wonder Senators Bed to the
cloak rooms and committee rooms wh^n
long speeches were read which contain
ed much dry detail and were not argu
monts upon the question before the
Senate.
The Senators should counsel together
and discuss the matter, debate and ad
vise, and then there would be a full
Senate at all times and the information
sought would be brought out. On the
merits of the case he considered Hawaii
as necessary to the United States. He
devoted considerable time to the im
portance of the Nicaraguan canal,
which could not be maintained unless
Hawaii was ours. Senator Frye
thought this was an important epoch
| in our history and if we did not annex
the islands now we could not complain
if they were annexed to any other na
tion or if any other nation should take
them.
S.-r.afnrMorcran of Alabama made the
principal speech of the day and occu
pied the time of the H<nate until It ad
journed. He will continue to-morrow.
He began by referring to a suggestion
made by Senator Hoar that th» Com
mittee on Foreign Relation! had made
no report and lie (Mr. Hoar) was with
out sufficient information concerning
the subject of Hawaii and annexation.
Senator Morgan then piled upon his
desk numerous printed volumes. In
cluding reports before various con
gressional committees, reports of the
officers of the Hawaiian Government
and other documents relating to Ha
waii.
"The Senator from Massachusetts,"
said Senator Morgan. "Is welcome to
these documents, and if he will give
them the attention which he usually
gives to public questions, he will have
all the information necessary on this
subject."
Senator Morgan then went into a de
tailed history of the Hawaiian Islands.
from the time of their discovery to the
present. He believed it was the inten
tion of President Cleveland to have re
stored Queen Liliuokalani to her throne
and after that transaction to have
opened negotiations for the annexation
of the islands under her regime.
This assertion brought Senator Chan
dler to his feet with the question as to
what authority there was for it.
Mr. Morgan replied thero> was no
special authority, but that he was ex
pressing his opinion and puck a course
would have been In keeping with the
logic of events.
Senator White asked if this treaty
were not a treaty with the Provisional
Government, and what was to be done
regarding the natives and their rights.
Senator Morgan said he had fully an
swered that question in a previous por
tion of his remarks, but he would re
view the subject for the benefit of the
California Senator. In the early part
of the present century, be sai.i, Van
eewe* went to the islands, and on hio
third trip th" then King of the islands.
a native, said he. would cede them to
Great Britain and acknowledged the
sovereignty of England. As to the oft- j
repeated asaertkto) that the United j
States was trying to absorb the Islands
without the wish of the Kanakas, Sen
nt «r Morgaa said that for the last hun
dred years the government of the isl
ands and the people of the islands were
anxious to secure the sovereignty of a
strong power and secure a local self
government.
Senator Morgan described at consid
erable length his visit to the islands
last summer and related his own per
sonal observations, and in reply to a
question explained why the Portuguese
could not vote. He then turned his at
tention to the Kanakas. He said that
th y were a picturesque people who
would be much belter off under a gov
ernment by the United States. He
sp >ke of the ladies going barefooted
along the streets In loose gowns, which
he called "Mother Hubbards." and the I
men with little slothing, nnd yet strong
and manly looking fellows.
Senator White asked Mr. Morgan
why the Islands were not annexed in !
IHS. and how it was that the proposal I
for annexation had tn wait until the :si
ands were in the possession of the land
grabbers who were trying to further
their personal fortunes. Senator Mor
gan said that if attention had been
given to his remarks on the subject of
annexation in ISI3 Senators would have
vi, lerstood what intervened. The his
tory of that time was in the document
ary evidence which had been printed
llscussed often before. He be
lleved th ■>• should have been annexed i
at that time, and believed they should
be annexed now, and the reasons which
existed then for annnexatlon had mul- :
tiplled a hundred times. What former I
authorities had refused to do was no !
excuse why the United States should!
refuse now. as it w:>s evident that an
nexation was best, both for th«- people
[ of the islands and for this country.
HAWAII'S
PRESIDENT
IS COMING
Continued from First I\i£*.
is predicated upon two condlttoni ami
circumstances; the one that President
Mi Klnle: has permitted it to be known :
that be deslrea to make a personal ae
qualntance with his "great and g 1
friend" who N presidential wardei
th." "Gibraltar >■( the Paclfte" at this
very criiicai Juncture in the history of 1
Hawaii and the United States, and the
other thai the annexation generals at
Washington have deemed tt necessary
to order a I the "forlorn hope" I
brigade t" avert Impending disaster.
it !.-, rumored— but such rumors can
ncv.^r ).•: substantiated until after a'
battle if v. -mi and Internecine and frat
ricidal quarrels .-m-Hie among the div!
' ■ rs— that an || ■ tit of
■ ■ --iier.il
tutors to the ;i fund for
( course. That
is a suiail Bum, however, in proportion
to i; • i i tits to be made if th<-> rani
proves Buccessful.especlally as, to quote
nn editorial expression from the lead-
Ing annexation journal, '"President
i visit will furnish an object :•■.-•
son as to the k::. 1 of Pirate that has
captured this country," but all pirates
are not alike, and suavity and fii
are frequently more to be dreaded than
inhuman brutality.
Even a; : i «.. number of the annex.i
tionlsts are doubtful as to tba wisdom
of the policy of sending the President
on a lobbyists errand, while the na- j
lives nnd fu ti-: .nexatlonists are slm- '
ply Jubilant, foi to them It appears as
if the cause of annexation must be In
■traits than even they hoped f..r
However, it makes the situation more !
interesting, and will add to its comic- ;
aiity in the event of Congress having
already decided the momentous ques- '■
tion of annexation contrary to the will i
of a people and practically against the i
spirit <.f a . institution that has hither- '
to held the world's esteem for Its hon
'■'V ■'' manliness of intent toward!
feeble nai lons.
The mosl the anti-ann^xationists ran
■ay t this Juncture is that if they are
'" be American In name let them be
rlcan in the tru*> sens* of the word,
With all the rights, privilege* and ln.n
,ors attaching to that noble country,
and noi >•. rely helots at the berk and
behest of political carpetbaggers whose
* Interests will antagonise and
! not harmonize with the nation.
The Coum ! nf State has appropriat
ed 110.000 for the Presidential tow of
, triumph. Their powers under th
stitution are "to appropriate public
moneys, when, during the time Inter
| ventng between the sessions of the
Legislature, the emergencies of war, in
;i. rebellion, pestilence or other
, great public necessity shall arise." The
unfortunate taxpayers desire to know
under which of the above heads they
are to be mulcted, for to the majority
of them it would seem only just and
appropriate that the expenses of a po
litical lobbying tour should be paid out
of th»- funds of the Annexation Club
whose in- ml. -is will be the offea to
mostly benefit by annexation.
The President will be accompanied by
Port Physician Dr. F. It. Day as pri
vate mi dical adviser. Dr. Day has al
ready rendered invaluable services to
the republic in a tour of inspection in
the Orient in connection with the Board
of Health. He first became compe
tently prominent during the sad period
of th* cholera epidemic. Major Curtis
P. laukea of the I 'resident's personal
staff will also accompany him as aide
de-camp.
In spite of Minister Cooper's asser
tion to The fall correspondent in ref
erence t'> th.- Cabinet that "he never
had th" pleasure of being connected
with four gentlemen who were nmre
courteous or considerate to each other
than the members of Hawaii's Govern
ment," it is known as an indisputable
fact that Ministers Damon and Kins,
while not openly, by vole, 1n opposi
tion to the President's Journey, are tac
itly opposed to it; the former for finan
ci.il reasons, and the latter believing
I It to> be a grave error in policy.
J- < ». Carter will, if possible, leave
by the Alameda, which sails at 3 o'clock
this afternoon, she having arrived at 8
o'clock this morning. If not to-day
then Saturday with the President. He
; will represent the antl-annexationists
; at Washington, If not too late.
The Annexation Club meets this aft
ernoon nfter the departure of the Ala
meda. The advisability of sending a
Hawaiian delegation to Washington
Will be considered, with the probable
result of one or two being sent on Sat
i urday.
The Executive Council has granted
Clarence W. Afihford leave to return to
Hawaii, and it is bplleved that a gen
eral pardon will be extended on Janu
ary 1" to all the political prisoners erf
!*•:».". now out on parole, on condition
thot they take the oath of allegiance
to the republic. This most of them will
do, as after the example of the over
throwers of the monarchy political
oaths are merely matters of personal
convenience in Hawaii and no longer
conscience binders.
The Call correspondent is convinced
that it is most unjust to that lady
and most untrue for a few of the an
nexation leaders to suggest and still
more to maintain that the Princess
Kaiulani is in politics, and is aided in
her aspirations and ambitions by Eng
lish influence.
Death of Mary Cowden Clarke.
LO\!»OX, Jan. 13.— Mrs. Mary Cowden
Clarke, author of "The Complete <*"n
mriian^e of Shakespeare," died yesterday
at Uenua.
ALSIP'S DEBTS
MAY BE PAID
Friends of the Missing
Man Still Confident of
His Integrity.
His Property Is Mortgaged
Slightly in Excess of As
sessed Valuation.
Loan Associations With Which Ho
Was Connected Will Not
Be Affected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 13.— Friends of
Edwin K. Alsip, whose disappearance
caused a sensation in Sacramento busi
ness circles, still express confidence in
his integrity, and believe that his cred
itors will not be losers in the end.
George W. Locke, one of Alsip's bonds
men, said to-day:
"I have known Mr. Alsip a lons while
and have found him to* be a rustler and
have always believed him to be honest.
I think that it will yet be proved that
his downfall has been due to indiscre
tion rather than dishonesty.
"Why, just last week," continued Mr.
Locke, •"he drew a check in my favcr
for somewhere in the neighborhood of
$1700, in order to make a quarterly set
tlement of rents and interest. If he had
intended to defraud any one he surely
would not have done that. Of course, I
do not know what shape his affairs
may be in, but I am of the opinion that
he will have something left after his
debts aro all paid."
B. U. Steinman does not take such a
comforting view of the situation.
Mr. Steinman said that, so far as he
knew, the departure of Alsip would not
affect the loan associations with which
he was connected.
To-night's Bee published the follow
ing synopsis of .the records of Sacra
mento County which disclose the real
estate transactions of Mr. Alsip: Prop
erty in the city, assessed for
?v? v !."/<; a one-half interest in Oak
Park property, ' assessed for Jin,
500; a mortgage on two lots in Oiik
Park, assessed for $1660: the Anderson
tract near Walsh's Station, for $3200;
the Louisiana tract neai Oak Park, as-
SCBBCd for ?32. r »0; three l<4?i in South
Sacramento; assessed for $700: one l<.t
in Highland Park, assessed for $JSO;
total, $31,010.
Th.- books In the Recorder's office
show the following mortgages to be of
record: George W. Locke, on city
rty, $1731; Theodore Kenger. on
city property, 13500; is. U. Steinman,
on Oak Park property and Anderson
tract, 19500; California State Hank. <> n
Oak Pnik property. $13,650; Caroline
S-.vinnerton, on Oak Park property,
$8600; total, $36
This would sh"\v Alslp's property In
Sacramento County to have been mort
gaged for $5571 more than its assessed
value. Alsip holds an undivided one
third Interest in the business of the
Fair Oaks colonies, but the property is
assessed to Cox & Clarke. He may a Is..
be the owner of mortgages upon which
the mortgagor pays interest, and which
are not of recced in th>? Assessor's of
fice. Alsip owns property in Oakland,
known as the Kohler Block, which is
mortgaged to 13. U. Steinman for $25,
000. He owns property in Placer Coun
ty, whicfc is mortgaged to Steinman
for something like $8000.
Alßip's downfall is accredited to the
scandal in which he figured and which
w;is exposed about a year ago, when
Alsip charged Edward 11. Morgan, a
San Francisco attorney, with black
mail. Alsip had paid large sums to
Morgan for Eugenic Florie Howel). the
woman with whom he has been admit
tedly intimate, and whose child he car
ed for. After he had been blackmail
ed out of thousands of dollars, it was
learned that the babe was that of an
other woman, which had been borrowed
by the conspirators.
Warm love is esteemed
by all good women.
Hut when you are ill,
weak, run down, you
do not feel like loving
any one or anything.
You are listless, and
y.'U walk about as
though life had for you
no pleasures and no
charms. Sleepless
nights, weak back, a
feeling of despairing
gloom and a sure
sense that you are only
a very small part of a '
man all help to make
you what you are.
You must seek help.
"Hudyan " will not only
help you — it will sure-
ly cure you. It has
put tire into no less
than 18,000 men in
America alone. It will
restore to you your fire,
your vigor and year
great big manliness.
You will ilnd charm in
life again, and your
fear that others know
your secret will have
vanished. Write and
ask about it. Testi-
monials and circulars
are as free as the air
you breathe, and so Is
the advice of the most
celebrated physicians
on this continent. If
you see copper colored
spots anywhere on
your body, if your
teeth are loose, if your
voice is husky, you may
feel certain that you
have some form of
blood poison. Whether
in Its tertiary, its sec-
ondary or its primary-
state it makes no dif-
ference. The "30-day
blood cure" will be cer-
tain to eradicate, to
clean it right out of
the system promptly
and permanently. Cir-
culars and testimonials
about this are as free
as are the others about
"Hudyan." Write or
call to-day.
FIRE.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and [His Sts.,
San Francisco.
new to-:day^^_________^_^
/ThToPEN LETTER.
To MOTHERS.
WE ARE ASSERTING IN COURTS OUR RIGHT TO THE
■ EXCLUSIVE USE OF THE WORD «' CASTORIA, A.sD
"PITCHER'S CASTORIA," AS OUR TRADE MARK.
/ ; DR. SAMUEL PITCHER, of Hyannis, Massachusetts,
was the originator of "PITCHER'S CASTORIA," the sam
that has borne end does now w? y/f?-^' — ' ° P *****
bear the facsimile signature of 010/&M£Z& wrapper.
This is the original PITCHER'S CASTORIA" which has been
used in the homes of the mothers of America for over thirty
years. LOOK CAREFULLY at the wrapper and see that it is
the kind you have always bought, / r^ yjSJT^-* ° D
and has the . signature of o^/Ifm£ZFM wrap-
per. No one has authority from me to use my name except
The Centaur Company of which Chas. H. Fletcher ia
President * . .
March 8, 1897. qJL—S. £&^>~^ >*>*
Do Not Be Deceived.
Do not endanger the life of your child by accepting
a cheap substitute which some druggist may offer you
(because he makes a few more pennies on it), the in*
gredients of which even he does not know.
"The Kind You Have Always Bought".
BEARS THE f-AC-SIMILE SIGNATURE OF
insist on Having
The Kind That Never Failed Toil
TMC ecNTAU> COHHNt. IT MM*> tTHKT, HEW K«X OITt.
i ' ■» ■ ' * "*" **J j^ '•■ - HgP^- flw _ Jl^^^-*^3^-
\&?f TASTES LIKE CREAM.
IJ'.A ' ■••'- CO.N SUMPTION. COUGHS,
V- '-y CULDS, BRONCHITIS, DEBIUTI,
»iii WASTING DISEASES. ASTHMA.
INKL.UENZA, SCROFULOUS HUMORS, ETC.,
by building up the wasted tissues and feeding
the over-worked nerve* In Bach a manner that
after using. HEALTH IS THE NATURAL
RESULT.
EVERYBODY LIKES IT.
Physicians prescribe It. All good druggists I
sell it. Ask for "WUjBOR'S," and take no I
other.
N. B. — Beware of Imitations. This article Is
the oldest /of Its kind in the market. Many ;
try .to make a remedy "just an good," but
none succeed. i
t vi it DR. JORDAN'S Great
<g|L Museum of Anatomy
iiipik ICSl basset st. tat. Gib 4 7th, S. F. CiL :
A S ?| Tb* Largest of lit Mad in UeWortt.
If^«f)\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Coraulta'.isa free. ~iVr!t» far Paok
W I & Philosophy of Marriage.
RAIIiROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 13:55.
8:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip '
. at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. «
SUNDAYS— 8:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:10
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAM RAFAEL TO SAW FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.:
11:45. 3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:65 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m. : 1:40. S:4O,
6:00. 6:15 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Lp.ivo ,_ offn . t Arrive
San Francisco. Oct. 21. San Francisco.
Week) Sun- rwtuStlon Sun- I Week
Baya. I days. Destination day(t- [ day9-
7:Soa.m. S:ooa.m. KoTOta 110:40 a.m.] 8:10.-V.m.
8:o0p.m. '.):.Toa.m. P.'taluma. : 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
5:11) p.m. i5:UUp.m. Santa Koi»,v :86p.m. | ti:?Jp.m.
~~ Fulton,"
7:30 a.m. Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
Ht-ahisburg-,
l^ytton.
Gcyscrvilie.
3:30 p.m. S :00a.m. Cloverdale. ! 7:35 p.m. fi:22p.m.
j jUoplaiid and 1
7 :30a.m. 1 3 :00 a.m. I Ukiah. i 7:35p.rn. 6:22 p.m.
"•.aOa.m.j 1 i 18:25 a.m.
S:ooa.mt' GuerneTillc 7:35 p.m.
8:30 p.m. | 6:22 p.m.
i 7*oa.m. : 8:00 a.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. S:4Ua.m.
ana
j 5:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. | 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7:30 a.m. s:,«i;i.in."| D astrnol W:*oa.m. 10 I
3:30 p.m. s:U)p.m.| g CDa9IC P° I - ( 7:30p.m.| 7:22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Sprints; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Holland for j
• Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Soda Bay,
Lamport and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for
Vii.hy Si lings, Saratoga S^iin^s, B'.u* Lakes.
Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake. Porao, Potter |
Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's Buck- I
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's. Buck- i
rell 1 s, Sanhedrln Heights. HuUvllle. Boonevllle. i
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort j
Bragg, Westport, Usa!.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re- I
i duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip ticket* to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— Market street. Chronic!*
building.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Ast.
li^yym^^il CALIFORNIA !
LIMITED.
ISfnffiffiP^l' SAN FRANCISCO
[ißg^j^yf^BiJ chicagc.
Trains leave fiom and arrive at Market-
■treet Ferry.
San Francisco Ticket Office— 644 Market St.. :
Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1520. Oik-
land Office— HlS Broadway. Sacramento Of-
fice— '2ol J »t.
The Best Railway— San Francisco to Chicago.
LOOK AT THE TIME OF THE CALIFORNIA
LIMITED.
Leave San Francisco 4:30 p. m. Mondays and
Thursdays: arrive Kansas City 6. 1 *) p. m.,
Thursdays and Sundays: arrive St. Louis 7:W
a. m. Fridays and Mondays; arrive Chicago
; k:43 a. m., Fridays and Mondays.
DININO CARS under Harvey's management.
Buffet Smoking Cars uud Pullman l'alacj
Sleeping Oars.
This train carries First-Class Passengers
only, but no extra charge is made.
The ATLANTIC EXPRESS, leaving dally at
4:30 p. m.. carries Pullman . Palace and Pull-
man Tourist Sleeping Cars on fast time. Di-
rect connection In Chicago and Kansas City
for all points East. :
New rails, new ties, new ballast, new
bridges. ■ The shortest crossing of th- desert
j and a country that Interests by Its varied and
beautiful scenery. The highest grade of pas-
senger equipment and meals at Harvey's fa-
nious dl&ins-rooms.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
(Via Sausallto Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco Commencing Nov.
UJ, 1597.
WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m. ; 1:45 D m
SUNDAYS— B:OO. lt):00, 11:30 a. in • 1:15 p m
Special trips can be arranged fo by appfvinii
to THOS. COOK & SON. «21 MB.rke«M 8 .rke« st San
Francisco,, or telephoning Tavern or Tama'ipaia,
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
s«»i tiiikn i'a<ikic fOHPAST.
(PACIFIC MVSTEM.)
Train* leave i»ml j»i-«- «luf l«» itrrl»e f»«
NAN i'itA?i«:i.%t:<>.
(Main Line, Foot > ■! Market Street)
leavk — From January 1, ISS3. — abmvh
t.:o<> \ Nil- s SanJ wand Way Stations... »B:4Sa
7:00 \ Benicia, Suisun end Sacramento . . 10:J3a
*:OOa Marysville, OroTiUoantl Ueiiding via
Woodland 1 5 -*£ P
7:00 a Vacaviilo ami Itumsey 8:4
filti Martinez, San Ha mou, Vallejo, Nai.a,
CalUtoga un<l Santa Boss B:iSp
BiOOa AtlauU'- lixpresa, Ogilen aud Hast.. 8:l5p
»r.io A Niks, Sun Jose, Stoclltou, loo*.
Sacramento, Marysville, Chico,
lehamaandße.l UluJI 4rl»p
"S:3oa Peters, Milton Oakdale »7:l."ip
O:«»A Rev Orleau3 Kiprei ■, Meroed, Ray-
mond, l'fesim, i;akcr3liul<l. Siuita
li.iiiiHiu, l.!)» Angeles, Demiiig,
El l'aao, Now Orleans and Ea«. 6j45p
9:00 a Vallejo, -Martinez, Merced and
Fresno 12i15p
*l:OOr Sacramento Kiver Steamers »0:O«p
l:OOr Nilcs, ban Jopoard Way Stations.. J0:13.\
I::tOi- Martinez an.l Way Station* 7:i3p
2:OOp Livermore, Mendota, ilunfor>l and
Vualia 4:15p
Lirermorc, San Jose, Nilea aud Way
Stations , 1IO:1»a
4iooi- Martinez, San tlanfon, V,i!.'»\jo,
Hapa, »'aliolo;a, i;i Veratiu aud
Siiiiiii Unsa »ilsa
4iUOt> Benicia, VacaTtlle, Woodland,
Knights Lauding, Maryaville, Oio- 1
Title iuiilSiuviiiiitntii 10:43 Am
4:80p Nile 3, Ban Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:13 p. &
4i3«p IjatUrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda, * <
• Fnmo, McJAro (for llandsburg),
Bant* ISarbara and l,os Angel.s.. 7«45a
4:iiop .Santa To l.'mile, Atlantic Kkpwai
for Alojavn anil Kast 6«43p
•J3:3op " Sunse^ Limited," LO3 Angeles, El
Paso, Fort Worth, Little ltock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East §10:15 a
«Ts:3op " Sixueet Limited Aeh'i," El Paso,
New Orleans and East §IO:«5a
6:OOi- Knropeau Mall, Ogden aud I'.ast O:4^a
Oi«Oi> lliijwavilH, NiliHiiiul Kan J05e...... 7:lr»\
JS:«Oi> Vallejo t7:4sj>
••••pOregou Uxproiia.Haeraniento, Slurj-n-
viliu. Redding, l'»)tl.i!i>l. r. • r.
HiiiHHlaml l; ; ist. B:l.Ta
SA.N LEA.MiKO AMI lIAVWABOM LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
««0:00.O f 7:1
S:0»a Jlclrosp, Seminary Park, 1*9:45 a
loJoSa Fltcl.bnr«f, Kl.nl.urst, s?jtg*
HI:0Oa San I,fn:n!ro, South San 12:45p
tIa . : ° OM 1.e.n.1r0,1>t U ,mio, ${%.
.': mil' Lorenzo, C'l.errr ■ U:43p
4:00p , |5:43p
s:»><»r ■;','- ■ ll< * i «:ir>p
7:H>l- I Hajuards. 7:45p
7:(»»p ' j K:4lp
S:«op I i j.,,,,,, through to Niles. ' ,':! s i 3p
0:001- I ( From Kites IO:SCp
ttll:!5l-; tlromJ " "' Itia:OOp
COAST UIVIHIWS Nnrrou (iiince).
■ (Foot of Market Street.)
I»iI."»a Nowaik.Cc!il.civr|l.',Niiii.loBe,FelU>n, .
itouUlerCrcek.SatilaCraianil Way
Stations 9iS«n
•HiBsp Kcwnrk, Caiitcrvillo, San .lose. New
Alinadcn, Felton, .ltoulilcr Creek,
Bauta Cm* ami Principal Way
Stations "I •i.lO*
4:13.» Newark, .'• m .low and Los Qatoa .* O:8Oa
t11:43p Hunters' Excursion, • San Jose and
Way Statin;) {7:20p .
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom SIN FRANCISCO— Foot of Market Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:CO 11:00 a.m. 11:00 ♦2:33 t3:0O
•4:00 t5:00 •6:: Of.M.
fromOiEUND— Fool of BroadwjT.— -6:00 8:00 I0:00a.w.
U2:CO '1:03 ta.-OO "'3:03 ti:oo *3:00r.u.
COAST l»l VISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townaer.d Sta.) >
6<S,*>a Man .luse :ii..i Way Btatioua (New
Alinadcn V.'cduesiiajs only) 6:35 a, ■
9iooa San .1..5,., Tics l'limg, Santa Cruz,
Vacillc Gro»e, Fan Rofalw, Ha>i
Luis Obisnn, Guadalnpe, Kurf ami -'A^»
riinuilKil Way S'.ili..i. a 4:lSf% .
1 I0:4Oa San Joso and Way Statiotis «S:«OA w •.
'■ lIiSUa Sin Joss vii.l Wuy stations BiWa
i *9li3OrSan Mateo. ltedwood, Mtulo lark;
Santa Clara, San .lose, Gilroy,
Hollister. JSuuta Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey mid Tactile »«rove •IO:4O\
' San .lose ami Principal Way Stations # O:»Oa
I •4 :1 5l- San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•ft'SOOr San Jose and Principal >Vay Stations l::»>p
S:3ot> Siin.l.sjau.ll'rinciiial Way Stations s:3<>p
6::toi> San Joss anil Way Station* 7:8 Op
1ll:45i- San Jose ml Way Stations.... 7:2Oi>
A for Morning. V for Afternoon.
•Kunilavs excet>teil. } Sundays only. 1 Saturdays only.
it Monday, Thursday aud Saturday nights only.
•ff Mondays and Thursdays. . •
| Wedneidajs ami Saturviaya. ;. ;-> .
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAOUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1537. trains will run a*
follows: ■ ■"
~ Southbound. | Northbound. "
Pa £r fflg Stauon,| «S»J P"^
Daily. Exc-p-td Excpid b;nly.
7:20 a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton' 3:45 p.m. 5:40 dm.
.ai a.m. I':^ p.m. Meroed l>:.V)p.m. gMp^nt
1U.40a.in.. ..:. I ]..ni. Fressno J:oOa.m. 2:20 pS
U:« a.tn. :Jo p.m. Hanford .:45a.m.i l:lsp.iru
l-':lDp.m. 0:4o p.m.' Vtsalla 1 6:41) a.m. 12:4.1 pm. .
Jbtoppliigju jntermedlatu points when required!
i Conuections-At btockton with steamboats ut
£•«£;„ & I- Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 0:00 p. m. dally; at Merced with
stages to and from Snellinsrs. Coultervllle etc •
also with stage from Hornltos, Marlposa ' etc" -
Lankerehlm with stase to and from Madera.'
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
VSa Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco. Commencing September
19, 1897.
«..,. , WEEK DAYS.
"FJ^ 111 all «y and San Itafael— »7-25 »9-j(L »
Extra trips for San jutael on SiSadai" wJSI k
neadaya and Saturdays at 11:30 p.m.
Trains l nark, i d RV un i to,San i^ nt;o . -
l: J?««-- m i.« kdayS o f " '- Cazadero and way sta-
rl,r,; n :4 Mi?; r ' v satu5 atun 9 (mixed train) fof
r>uncark Mills and way stations: 8:00 a. m.
Sundays fur Point Reyes and way station*AGRICULTURE
AND POLITICS
ARE ARGUED
Consideration of the
Bill Completed in
the House.
Appropriation for the Dis
tribution of Free Seeds
Stands.
Opposition to the Printing of
Another Edition of the
" Horse Book."
OHIO'S SENATORIAL FIGHT.
Mahaney of New York Defends Hanna
for His Work in the Last
Campaign.
Dlsp&tcb to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House.
Washington. Jan. 13.
The House to-day completed the con
s';. 1 ., ration of the agricultural bill in
■ c of the whole and then ad
journed on the motion of those 0]
to the printing of another edition of
imous "H ■ was
the annual fisrht over the qi
free seed distribution to th
but the effort to strike out the appro
priation ($1 • ■'■ the
majority against it to-day being 136.
rtant amend
: led for 1 1
sport pur;
in the same way the i '
; ted.
I iy S ■.!>!•» Very
causi ■ . • -'s in
toi ■ tion In Ohio from De
Armond (] ssouri called forth
a v. ;. f S< nator Haiina
New York, who
itor as the man
who : thrown the bosses of the
■
the House en
. ■ tion of the ag-
The bill carries $3,323.
402, J In excess of the
r th<"> current year.
Wadsworth (R.) of New- York, chair
i ■. Agricultural Committee,
that Th<- Increases were due
to the constantly growing demand for
5 of meat, and meat products
for export.
Under the latitude allowed for de
■ . • of Mississippi sub
: argument In favor
of the establishment of a postal sav
bank system.
After some remarks by Henderson
(B > of lowa in support of the appro
priation in the bill for seed distribution
t S ■• ■ iry ■ ■ Agricul
ture Wilson, whom ho .. .. s a
■ farmer. I>e Armond
(D.) of M ■ the fl >'•>•. and sub-
Jtic comment on the
news : rts of the election of
Senator Hanna at Columbus yesterday.
]!•• read the telegram sent by Mr. Han
na to Presi v Kinley: "God reigns
Lhe Repub i ■ ixty still lives."
The telegram, he said, was unique.
reigned there was no ■
Fore the latter dans.- i if
the t< ■ was the more wonderful.
he pi led to
and comment on some of the tele
—attritions sent to Mr.
Ity, including those
McKinley. Commenting
" r! tl telegram, he asked
how the return of Senator Hanna
lal to the country, save
in an < to be avoided. He said
t hi? remarks that Sena
was the truest and best ex
■ t and representative of modern
Republicanism.
De Armond's remarks brought Ma
haney (R | of Xew York to his feet. In
he replied
t> the remarks of tl M irian.
■ i d his
gratification over the •■lection of Sena
tor Hanna. It was a triumph of the
f political decency. He
that any gen
tleman on the other side could ris<^>
and place his hand on his heart and
' ' was not glad
rebuked.
S ESS ION OF THE SENATE.
Caffery of Louisiana Argues Against the
Immigration Bill.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13.— Amonp the
measures reported to the .Senate to-day
v.as the pension appropriation bill. It
was placed on the calendar.
At t!i.- conclusion of the morning
business the immigration bill, the un
d business, v.as taken up, and
ry of Louisiana was recognized
for a speech In opposition to the rmas-
The resolutions in memory of Isham
G. Harris of Tennessee, which were to
have been presented to-day, were post
poned on the request of Senator Bates,
in the absence of Senator Turney. his
colleague. They will not be offered un
til after the election of a Senator by
the Legislature of Tennessee.
At 4:50 the Senate adjourned until
to-morrow.
LAKE COUNTY'S ORE BEDS
ARE OF ALMOST PURE GOLD.
XAI'A. Jan. 13.— The recent I.akeCounty
P" 1 ' 1 '• Of which The Call save
an exclusive account, are of even more
Importance than was at first supposed.
Just where tin- K o\6 is located those in
' ely refuse to say. An
■ r has '"•• ' ' from an as
■ in Colorado to whom samples of
the r<- were sent. The ..r<- is almost pure
gold .iiid contains some silver besides
report is current that William
Spi.-rs. proprietor of the Callstoga and
Lakepori st.il-.- line. In arranpinp to ac
commodate ai; anticipated rush to Lak<>
FORTY-THREE LIVES
LOST IN THE TORNADO.
FORT SMITH. Ark.. Jan. 13.-The
latest official death list shows a total of
forty-three lives lost in the tornado
which swept through Fort Smith Tues
day night. Not less than seventy were
Injured, a large number of whom were
seriously hurt, and several are expected
to die. The work of removing the
bodies and excavation of the ruined
buildings progressed to-day. Five new
names were added to the list of the
dead.
To Cure a Cold lr> One Day
Take Laxative Rrnmo Quinine TablaU. All
druggists refund the money If It fails to cure.
I6c. The genulno has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
BRALY MAY
YET HAVE
TO EXPLAIN
New Turn in the Los
Angeles School
Scandal.
May Prosecute the Banker
Who " Shaved "
Warrants.
His Case Will Be Taken Up by
the League for Cleaner
Government.
JUSTICE IS DEMANDED.
j Judge Phillips Snys the Organization
He Kepresents Will Act
at Once.
Bpeclal rispatch to Thf Call.
L,OF ANGELES, Jan. 13.— There is
quite '■ feeling abroad in this
unity thru the League for Better
City Government will not prosecute the
charges flled against School Director J.
H. Braly. The Board ••!" Education has
I that the l>-::tru.- conduct the
ution, but the genera] feeling is
th.it the league would by far prefer to
ily rather than prosecute him
f his high social Btanding. In
the prosecution the League for Cleaner
Government has thus far been repre
sented before the School Board by
Judge J. Noonan Phillips. The Judge
was isker 1 what position the organiza
tion he represented took with regard
to Director Braly. and h-' said:
"Director Braly lias been duly charg
ed with having violated the law. The
League for cleaner Government.
through me. as its representative, will
prosecute Mr. Braly just the same as
we would any other accused public
servant. And why should we not? We
have siid that we have nothing to r- ,\
c-r up in this School Board Investiga
tion, that we were going to probe it to
the bottom. Now lei us go ahead with
the probing. Mr. ISraly ought to- be
only too clad to be prosecuted, and
thereby Bet at rest th.-se rumors. If the
League for Better City Government de
cllnes to prosecute Mr. Braly, the
League for cleaner Government, which
I represent, will. We want no none
nor sickly sentiment in this business.
We must treat all j pie alike. That
is the only way we can do and do right
by everybody."
The announcement of Judge Phillips
will be in the nature of a 1 in. rang in
::n)i of Mr. Braly*s friends. Th< y
iy endeavor to head off
the Investigation.
Elder j. s. Pittman. ex-member of
the School Hoard, who confessed that
Janitor l-:. ]-:. <\, ..,,..-- paid him bribe
money to be used to secure the reten
tion of his position as janitor, ami who
decamped some weeks ' ag<>, lias !■••
turned from the East. He denies that
he left to escape further exposure in
connection with School Board crook
edness. He is after Professor Rohde,
a teacher in the public 5en...,:, who has
testified that h-- joined Plttman's
church at the time Pittman was a
\ member of the School Board in order
to get a position as teacher. Rohde has
t n called up before the church, and
an effort is >><-jng made to expel! him.
Pittman claims that he went East on
chur<-h husiness. When interviewed h
sail he had no further statement to
makf concerning th-- bribe money he
received from Janitor Cooper.
< mly one witness was examined be
| fore the Board of Education to-night
in defense of School Director Webb,
and this closed th> case f, ,<■ the de
fense, with the exception of one wit
ness — the self-confessed perjurer. J. F.
Adams, who was ordered subpenaed
; for to-morrow. The prosecution will
put in rebuttal testimony to-morrow.
Mrs. A. C. Gregory, a teacher who
was dropped from th^ list last June,
gave testimony showing how the Times
had distorted an Interview with her so
as to engender public fe.-nng against
Director Bartlett, who has stood by
Webb throughout this controversy. In
an interview published in th-- Time? of
December IT Mrs. Gregory had I n
mad" to say she had bought a piano
from Bartlett, which she returned be
cause she could not ?■<■'■ her way dear
to pay for it and that she had lost h>-r
position because she had returned the
piano. On the stand to-night she de
clared that she had never stated to
the Times reporter who interviewed
her that she had lost her position be
1 cause o fthe return of the piano.
Mrs. Gregory created a stir for a rrm
ment when she admitted that she had
tried to •■■.lire her position for another
term by means of money.
"Whom did you try to buy?" asked
Attorney Meserve for the defense.
"I decline to answer," replied the wit
ness.
"To whom was the money to so?"
persisted the attorney.
"1 supposed it was to go to the
board."
None of the three papers which com
pos-- the journalistic combine of Los
Anjjeles has been more unfair in its
handling of the School Board investiga
tion than the Express. So peculiar are
Its ideas that even the newsboys of I^os
Aneeles, a most worthy lot of young
sters and mostly attendants at the pub
lic schools, struck to-day. There are
about fifty of these lads. They met last
nipht. and to-day distribute. l the fol
lowing printed notice on the streets:
To the Public: We take this means of
informing you that we, the Newsboys'
Union of l,o S Anpeles. have declared a
strike against the Evening Express until
they agree to sell us papers at a price ;u
which we can make a llvinp by selling
them with other papers on the streets.
At present they ch.-irpre the newsboys :i
cents a copy, so we have to sell th«-m at
r. cents to the public, whereas they sell
them over the counter at their office to
tlie public for 2 cents— l cent less than
they sell them to newsboys which Is an
imposition on th" newsboys and the pub
lic Therefore we ask you to co-opernte
with us in righting this wronjj. Yours
very respectfully.
Tin: NEWSBOYS' UNION OF I.OS AN
GELES.
Not a sinple copy of the Express was
sold on the street to-day.
7b Increase the Navy.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.— Senator lfor
gan to-day Introduced ■ bill providing fur
the increase of the naval establishment
by the construction of four enlist defense
monitors of th<- class of the ftfiantono
iijoh, Amphitrlt'-. Monad nock and Terror.
The hill appropriates MOO,OQO to commence
the vessels.
Four Men From Dawson.
SEATTLE, Jan. 13.— The steamer Ro
salie arrived horn to-nlßht from Skapnay
and Dyea, Alaska. Among her passen
gers were four men from Dawson. They
bring' no late news.
TIIF. SAX FRANCISCO CAIX, FRIDAY, JANUARY 14, 1898.
THE BARKENTINE S. IN. CASTLE.
v a. la n tiubbard will go to sea in command of the Castle to-morrow on the one hundred and first voyage he has
made to Honolulu during the la^t thirty-tour years. He is still hate and hearty, and expects to make 150 voyages to
Hawaii before he retires from the sea.
A CENTURY OF
ROUND TRIPS
Captain Hubbard Has
Made Over a Hundred
Runs to Honolulu.
The Alameda Searched for an
Escaped Murderer From
Auckland.
Total Loss or the British Steamer
Fitzroy on the Australian
Coast.
Captain Hubbard of the barkentine
P. N. Castle has a most remark
record as a South Sea Island trader.
The vessel is scheduled to sail for Hon
olulu to-morrow and Captain Hubbard
will then start on his 101 st consecutive
run to that port. Masters of steamers
have made the same number <>t" runs,
but nobody approaches Captain Hub
bard's record. His first trip to Hawaii
was on the schooner Juventa in l^'.-l.
In those days Honolulu was not the
nourishing city it is now, and the
Kamehamehas sat on the throne of
their fathers. His m-xt command in
the Hawaiian trade was in the bark
Clara Sutel and later he was in the
barkentine Jane A. Falkenberg, th»
bark Caribbean and now the barken
tine s. N. Castle. Up T" 1874 Captain
Hubbard was not constantly in the
island trade, but since that date his
• very voyage off San Francisco has in
cluded Honolulu as a port of call. The
captain is still one of the balest ami
heartiest skippers in port and expects
• bis If.i'th trip t<> the I'ara
dise of the Pacific before retiring.
The oceanic Steamship Company*!
Alameda arrived from Sydney via
Auckland, Apia and Honolulu yester
day. From the time she left Sydney
until San Francisco was reached noth
ing but strong head winds were en
countered. Before leaving Honolulu it
was thought that she would not get
here until to-day, but. good tune was
made and the splendid steamship made
port within an hour or bo of her regu
lar time. The passengers by th>- steam
tr say that President Dole of Hawaii
and Dr. Day, his physician, will be
passengers for San Francisco by the
Pern, scheduled to arrive here to-mor
row. <>n her arrival they will go to
Washington, 1). C, by special train.
According to the report on the Bteamer
President Dole's visit is entirely In the
Intel est of annexation.
E. Tweedle, a. prizefighter, was ;t
passenger by the Alameda. He tights
at 125 pounds and has come over here
to see if h<- can get a match. He Is ac
companied by his manager, Fowles.
Tweedle'* last light was v\ith Mik- >>!.•-
Cli-pff of London, whom he beat in a
round and ;i half before the Grosvenor
Sporting ciui> of Sydney. A lin.- can
thus be K r ot on Tweedie'a ability as Mc
<;>>tY easily defeated Jimmy Barry and
('ill IfcCarty. Fowles saya thai Tweedie
has only been bested once. On that oc
casion th>- decision was against him
on points, but that he afterward de
feated his conqueror In a most con
vincing manner.
The Alameda was boarded in the
stream by United Statt s Marshal Barry
Baldwin. lit- was acting under cable
instructions to arrest 1 >r. Arthur Hurl
bert, who was wanted iti Auckland. N.
Z., on a charge of murder. Hurlbert
is accused of performing a criminal
operation, from which his victim dud.
The Marshal did not get his man, how
ever, as the doctor left the steam. T- at
Honolulu. When the Alameda arrived
at Auckland a man boarded the
steamer and engaged a birth, saying
that the person who was going to use
it would not arrive until shortly before
th'- vessel sailed. An hour before sail
ing time Dr. Hurlbert put in an appear
ance and claimed the berth, which was
given him. On the way to Honolulu he
asked many questions about San Fran
cisco anil was very anxious to pet in
formation as to what questions he
wouki be obliged to answer upon his
nrrival here. The ans\v< rs given caused
the medico to change his mind, so he
K«>t a stop-over ticket from the purs.-r
and went ayhore at Honolulu. When
Hurlbert boarded the steamer at Auck
land h<- wore a large Bowing beard, but
when he went ashore at Honolulu he
had shaved everything orr except a
small goatee, which made a wonderful
change in his appearance, in anticipa
tion of his coming on here by some
other steamer <>r by a sailing vessel,
every rraft that comes from the South
ern seas for some time to come will be
searched. The crime of which I>r. Hurl
bert Is charged is treated very differ
ently in Australia than it is here ami
the cham-.-s an- if in- is ever returned
to Auckland that he will share the fate
of Butler, and that his trial and exe
cution would not occupy any longer
time.
The Alanvda brinps th>- news of the
total loss <>f the Australian steamer
Fitzroy. She left Sydney for Brisbane
and Queensland ports with forty-five
passengers and a crew of thirty-five.
While making: her way alonp the roast,
without any warning she ran broadside
on to a sandy beach. For two hours
and a half the passengera and crew
clung to the yes» I, many of them with
nothing more around th> m than a nicrht
dress and a blanket, waiting for day
light tn disclose th. ir whereabouts, and
bring an opportunity for rescue. No
lives were lost and the officers of the
Alameda say that from what they
heard of the wink that the fact that
all succeeded In getting ashore safely
was a circumstance little Bhort of the
miraculous. The vessel and cargo were
a total loss. The cause of the disaster
ha.l not '" • n ascertained when the
da left Sy Iney.
T Vi -- fishermen are up to their old
tricks apain. Early yesterday morning
at leasi a thousand mud hens must
have been landed at Flshennens' wharf
In s.-u-ks. These birds were not shot
but were caught in a n» j t and drown
ed. They are then hauled into the
boats the same as fish and are br
to mark. -l. Th ■ buyers In every in
stance are Italians, who strip the birds
of their feathers, partly clean them,
and to-day will hawk them nil over the
city as teal, mallard or sprig. As thf»
birds wore nev< r bled, and throuph b*>
inp confined in sacks became heated,
they would thus be a very distrusting.
If not dangerous, article of diet.
CARS TO BE FUMIGATED.
The Southerr* Pacific Railroad Will
Begin War oq Disease Germs.
A ". •'■• : • cam of the Southern
system v ill be fumigated at the
end of < Lch trip. Dr. M. Gardner, the bead
surgeon of th< railroad, has completed
arrangements I . : rs of the
••lit:':: lodge in them
from carrying disease Infected pas
rs, and th< w.>rk of fimlpatinp
t)>« m wiil ; rated In a fen days.
The can on thi r urtval at any one <>f
the terminal poini oi the railroad sys
tem will ' und dusted and tii.-n
they will be tight 1} closed and filled with
• formaldi lyde. The i< one
•if the best <iis!:ift ■ tanta known, and it
has tV experiments > ■• • n proven to be
sire death t" n of all known
contagious diseases. T!.'- apparatus f\.r
. the is light and convenl
• to handle, and th<- work of fumigat-
Rock-Drilling Contest— One of the Features of
the Miners' Fair.
ing the cars cm ho carried on quickly
and with little expense.
Several of the large eastern railroads
have adopted the plan for clearing their
cars of possible disease germs, and it has
nut with strong favor by the boards of
health and the traveling public
THEY WANT LITTLE EVA.
Charles Holstrorr) and r-f i s Wife
pile a Petition For Baby
d'Artenay's Adoption.
The legal struggle for the possession
of the little daughter Of Mrs. .lArt.'iiay
of Dixon, who is known sometimes by
the Bane of Bra it- Holstrom, on other
occasions Eva d'Artenay, and on others
Kva MeGulre— her mother's maiden name
— has boon r< •>!'< Bed in th>- courts. A pe
tition for the little one's adoption was
Hied in the Superior Court yesterday by
Charles Holstrom and his wife.
Shortly after the little girl was born
the petitioners— with tin- mother's con
sent fn writing- took the child with the
Intention of adopting her. Some time.
after the little girl was taken to the
home of Mr. Hofstrom It was taken, it
is alleged in the petition, l>y force from
Mrs Holstrom and is now with its moth
er In Dixon. It >s contended by Mr. Hol
strom and his wife that the child was
legally theirs when it was taken from
them "ami they now want Its custody.
A Counterfeiter Landed.
Joseph K< y was arrested at an early
hour yesterday morning l>y Detectives
LMllon and Crockett, and held as an ac
complice of Joseph Bkldwell, the counter
feiter. wh<> was arrested last Tuesday
night. He was booked at tha Central
police station.
AN IMMENSE
FLOWER BED
Latest Plan for the Great
Jubilee Celebra
tion.
Work of the Executive Com
mitteee and Outlines of the
Programmes.
Money Coming In More Rapidly and
All the Big Features Ar
ranged For.
Jubilee arrangements have progressed
as far as the minute details, an.', from
now until the preat day the commit
t • will busy themselves with perfect
ing the plans already outlined.
A new factor has appeared in the
programme, and if it be successfully
carried out it will add not a little to
the entertainments of the week. The
plan is t" make Union square an lm
m>-nse flower market, where the bI"S
sonis which pmw at this time of the
year nowhere but in Fan Francisco can
be seen and admired and purchased if
the wish of the seekers for enjoyment
go so far.
Mr. Ooleman Is not prmvlinpr; he says
so himself, and the reason for his con
fession is that the money is mminp in
to his committee so fast that he has no
chanre to make moan over a depleted
treasury. If it continue as fast for a
week more he .says he will have enough
to relieve several of the minor commit
tees of the financial stringency of which
they have been so bitterly complaining.
s. K. Thornton of the committee on
publicity and promotion reported that
up !<> <lat" the committee had expend
ed $1920 60 outside of the press agents'
expenses, but it was cena:n the amount
over that sum would not be more than
$1000.
Mr. (Jrady. for the parade committee,
reported that fourteen bands- had been
arranged tor, and that before the work
Of the committee had been finished
; there would be twenty-two. He said
the parade would be four and a half
miles long and would include over 10,000
men and twenty floats.
It was decided to appoint a commit
tee of five from the Native Daughters
to judge the house and store decora
j tions displayed during the day of the
! celebration. The committee was al
lowed $I^o for expenses, and it will
award four prizes of 5100, $75, 550 and
$L"5. Another committee was created,
to be appointed by the president of the
Bohemian Club, to pass upon the floats
i in the parade and to award four prizes,
$Joo. $175. $75 and SSO.
The programme for the jubilee week
has been decided on as follows:
Monday morning at 10:30 o'clock, grand
I 1I 1 The Rosy Freshness
And a velvety softness of the skin is inva-
riably obtained by those who use Pozzom's
Complexion Powder.
NEW TO-DAY.
___ f~^ j^— *Wfi- OWEN-EN&-SP' §
A World of I
Overcoats. §
We've Overcoats for everybody — Men, Boys, 1
Big Boys. I
Two-thirds of Overcoat wearing time is ahead h
yet, and here are Coats at end-of-season prices. ||
Dressy Overcoats, in Blue and Brown Beavers and Gi*7 f\f\ f!
Covert Cloths <l> C •\J\J H
Blue, Black, Brown and Tan Overcoats, In Beavers, m
Kerseys, Cheviots and Covert Cloth, best of lin- irk f\f\ ti
Ings, elegantly finished tJ)IV»W j
Men's Blue and Gray Mixed Frieze Ulsters &T '
Boys' Gray Mixed Ulsters, 14 to 20 «CQ yK *.
Buy of the Maker. Come to the Blue Signs, 2d block from Market.
BROWN BROS. Sc CO. I
Wholesale Manufacturers, 191_195 SANSOMF <5T U
Selling at Retail. l^l-l^O OAINOUITIIL Dl. R
parade alonp Market street, Montgomery,
Kearny and Van Ness avenue, conclud
tnK with literary exercises at Woodward's
Pavilion. Monday night grand ball by
Pacific Parlor N. S. G. \V. at Native
Sons' Hall.
Tuesday, Native Daughters' day, recep
tion day and evening, with dance at
Native Sons' Hall. Afternoon, football
contest between National Guard and reg
ular army at Central Park.
Wednesday afternoon, military athletics
at Central Park open to regular army and
National Guard of the State of Califor
nia.
Thursday, grand Turn Fest at Wood
ward's Pavilion at 8 p. m., concluding
with a grand ball; 2 p. m. and 8 p. m.,
wild West show at Centra] Park.
Friday, military maneuvers on the Pre
sidio grounds, participated in by all
troops around the ay; 2p. m. and 8 p.
m., wild West show at Central Park.
Saturday, Children's Day. at Golden
Gate Park, competitive calisthenics par
ticipated in by girls from twenty gram
mar schools in the city: 2 p. m. and S p.
m.. wild West show at Central Park.;
contemplated torch light parade, arid en
tertainment in Mechanics' Pavilion to
close the Jubilee and open the Mining
Fair.
Grand Marshal Morse has decider?
that for those sections of the parade
containing more than one division of
troops a chief of section shall be ap
pointed and a marshal shall be ap
pointed to each division. In accord
ance with this order Rudolph Herold
Jr. has been appointed chief of the
German section and Dr. J. P. Mouflee
marshal <>f the first German division.
Thomas T. Lane of Angels Camp has
been appointed marshal of the miners'
division.
Arrangements are also being made
to have a rock drilling contest to last
during the first week of the fair, the
one drilling fastest and farthest to win
a prize of considerable value.
Delegates from all th^ Irish societies
met last nieht and completed arrange
ments fur the Celtic division of the
parade. P. J. McOormiek, county
president of the A. O. H., has been
chosen division marshal with J. P. Deg
nan chief aid A fine float reperesent
ing Ireland has been provided, and it
will be accompanied in the parade by
young girls suitably costumed.
A Library In Distress.
A special meeting: of the Odd Fellows'
Library Association has been called for
to-morrow evening to consider ways and
means for the continuance of the library,
which Is sadly in need of funds.
NEW TO-DAY.
WASTE NOT, WANT NOT. <
(
He Who in Youth Outrages the j
Laws of Nature Must Repay. J
WHEN OTHERS FAIL, CONSULT !
m
DOCTOR SWEANY.
Established 15 Years
— AT —
737 MARKET STREET
He restores lost vigor and vitality to
weak men. Organs of the body which •■
have been weakened through disease, !
overwork, excesses or indiscretions are i
restored to perfect health and strength
through his new and original system of
treatment. RUPTURE cured by his new
method, without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and perma- j
nent cure. VARICOCELE, hydrocele,
swelling and tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailing success. Contagi-
ous blood poison in any of Its stages
thoroughly eradicated from the system.
Ladies will receive special attention for
all their many ailments. WRITE if you
cannot call. No charge for advice by j
mail. He will also send you a valuable |
book. "Guide to Health." free of charge.
Address F. L. SWEANY, M. D.. 737 Mar-
ket street, San Francisco, Cal.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
000 MARKET ST.. OPP. PALACE i
DOO Hotel. Telephone 670. Residence 90$
Valencia street. Telephone. "Church" IS.
WEAK MEN N WP P t F o ft CURED FREE
THE PHYSICIANS' INSTITUTE,
1967 Masonic Temple, Chicago, 111.
Philadelphia
Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St.
STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MEAT
1 7?
SEND FOR OUR NEW |
ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE. I
— -- I
If We Have Your Size |
You Get -i_ Bargain. I
§
We take an account of stock in Fob- a
1 ruary and we are desirous of eleven* H
' out certain lines to make room for Tan ><
and Russet Shoes. Some of the, lines £
are new goods, and we have all sizes- £
, others are broken lines and odd sizes' v
, Me are almost giving those Shoos (v
away, and the sale is so great that we <•
cannot fill country orders in our lines ft
| advertised as Broken Lots or Odd Sizes. ft
(•
An Extra Offering— Ladies' Vici Kid €
Lace Shoes: straight foxed new coin $
toes and A -shaped kid tips; heavy soles" f»
all sizes and widths. Reduced to $2 10 /=
1 sold elsewhere regularly for $3. ' >
i Special Sale— Ladies' Silk Embroidered 5
i Vestinp Top Lace Shoes, finest Vici (•
i Kid Vamps, new coin toes and tips. (•
1 pliable soles, all sizes, nil widths. Sold $
i during this sale for 52 35; regular price §
?3 °°- §
$1.00. i
1 r~Tr^\ |»l I A * reat line 1 of
l V >_ I F&.H Misses' and Chll- €
1 1 ? 1 n&A ' lr>n ' s - Finest <£
I I > I l*J Viei K ld Button (?
i I S V \AI noes . circular (•
. / C V VST' vam P s and heel (J
A. *£ X mf rozlac new coin 8
1 f »«_. vi Vi,/V V toos and patent- ><
1 fc^ ' vT!ii»s^ leather tips, £
> B?3*!^Z2s»~,-J3Ea!» s l' rin S heels, all «
! " sizes, a dressy «
I Shoe that can be guaranteed to wear (•
1 well. ft
Children's sizes. Sto 104. . $1 00 ft
Misses sizes, 11 to 2 125 ft
) (2
) Ladles' Vici Kid Button Shops, plain (•
v .broad or opera toes without tips, easy ft
: on the feet, sizes 2 to S%, widths AA ft
' to E; same kind, sizes 4 to -T^. widths ft
> AA, A and B; reduced to 65c; regular >*
) price $2 50 and $3. , v;
' ■
> Infants' Vici Kid Button Shoes, clr- £
) cular vamps and heel foxing, kid tips. >5
) pliable soles, all sizes, 1 to 5, reduced k
; from 50c to 25c. (•
| 9Oc. I
% — Boys' and {
S «V Youths' Solid- 4
I •VL wearing School ><
/ rl^ Shoes, tap .or ft
CC s ««^ N-i<^ 'v^L, "i> soles, me- ft
■tnrilwT*^*^ s >n'i Slum broad toea ft
HSR!!r23ti^»S»*3 ami tips, every !•
pair warranted: ft
■ Youths' sizes, 11 to 2.. $90 £
Boys' sizes, 3 to .'. 100 (•
<2
4Oc.
/\ A Ladies* kid Oxford (•
Ji&S__£A TleB< oAA «»lzes,
qfif* ' ' "T( assorted kinds. S
jf^ \ plain toes and Jj;
<ff .^i^y tips, broad or ft
a^^ /> .^^S^^igsyL pointed toes.
V ■ narrow widths: reduced to 40c. Sizes Q!
0 • 2*Hj to 3'j of a better grade of Oxfords (•
0 ■will be sold for 65c. All these Oxfords (i
) • formerly sold for from.. s2 to $3 a pair (Z
Are You Going to the Klondike |
Well, don't be a good thing and buy ft
your Leather Boots and Shoes from ft
some furnishing goods store, but come. ft
to us and save that profit. ' We have a
' complete stock of Klondike footwear, )5
) which we will sell at first cost. • . (•
(•
Country orders solicited.
Address , v
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., |
10 Third St., San Francisco. $
56
FRIDAY ~ IANUARY 14, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to VV. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third St«., S. F.
Telephone Main ISGS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson strea
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL DAILY AND SUNDAY! Is
served by carriers in this city and surrounding towns
fcr 15 cents a week- By mail $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THL WEEKLY CALL One year, by roall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE L 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room ISS. World Building
WASHINGTON D. C. OFFICE Ri££s Houso
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES--527 Montgomery street, corner Clay;
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street; open until
930 o'clock. 621 MoAlllster street; open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 LarkiO street; open until 9:30 o'clock
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open until
9 o'clock- 2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock
106 Eleventh st.; open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk street
open until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
and Kentucky streets: open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin—" The Man From Mexico."
California— "A N'i.'ht In New York."
Alcazar-"Esmeralda-'
Morosco'B— Plunger."
Tlvoll- "Mother Goose."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Bush— The. Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Company.
Obcron— Cosmopolitan Orchestra.
The Chutes-Chkiuita and Vaudevlllo.
Association Auditorium—S ong- Recitals.
Lybect Cycle Skatlns Kink— Optical illusions.
California Jockey Club, Oakland . cetrack- Races To-day.
Coursiufc— l • - Coursing Park, to-morrow afternoon.
THE RUNAWAY HORSE.
CONXKRXIXG the intelliger.ee of the
horse there has been some discussion, in
augurated, if memory serves as, when Job
had been by a siege of boils reduced to a state of
thoughtfulness. Job's opinion was that the horse
of that day was a vain thing for safety, and there
has been no notable improvement since. A horse
that scares at a piece of paper and runs away is not
an intellectual giant. Neither is the man who had
left that horse untied.
The assumption that an equine will be controlled
by what for some re;i>o:i never explained is known
as "horse sense" has nothing upon which to rest.
Occasionally the driver may be so blessed as to
possess a share of this, but the driven i? without it,
exceptions being so rare that they have escaped no
tice. Therefore the driver who leave? a horse un
hitched should be held responsible for any and all
damage done by the animal while engaged in run
ning away. The horse is not to blame. He is as
created and trained. That he should know more
than his master is not a reasonable expectation.
Yet when he is left in the noisy street untethered
and fails to run away and smash things he clearly
proves that he does know more than his master.
As he knows so little, else could not be a horse, a
natural conclusion is that the master mu^t be pain
fully short on gray matter.
A FOOLISH BOODLER.
THE Mission street organ of Colonel Mazuma,
in a burst of confidence which is truly astonish
ing, says it is perfectly willing to submit all its
charter "cinches" to the people as alternate proposi
tions. This confirms what we suggested a lew days
ago, namely, that the Boodler thinks the election
held on December 27 last was carried by Colonel
Mazuma, and that a majority of the people voting
thereat declared in favor of restoring it to the pay
roll of the Southern Pacific Railroad monopoly.
In our judgment, however, the Boodler is ex
ceedingly foolish to submit its "cinches'* as alternate
propositions. It may be mistaken as to the verdict
of the Freeholder election. The people are some
times absent minded in expressing themselves at the
ballot boxes, and it is barely possible that they did
not have that $30,000 "advertising"' contract in mind
at all. They may have voted the Citizens' Commit
tee ticket for the purpose of getting a chance to
smash another Lord Mayor charter. They may
have voted it for fun, just as they used to vote for
Dr. O'Donnell, or they may have voted it for any
one of a thousand other reasons entirely discon
nected with the interests of the Boodler.
However this may be, it is certain that if the
Boodler permits the Freeholders to ei:bmit its
"cinches" as alternate propositions it may as well re
linquish all idea of getting another "advertising" con
tract out of the Southern Pacific. Not only will sev
eral alternate propositions give the corporations, the 1
bosses and the "push" a chance to trade for votes,
but by concentrating on any one or more of the ar
ticles so separately submitted either one or all of
these malign influences can "plump" the "cinches"
out. The Boodler can never, for instance, hope to
carry its scheme for forfeiting the franchises of the
Market Street Railway Company by any such sys
tem. The amount the company might be called
upon to pay on an "advertising" contract, if expended
at the polls, would easily defeat that proposition. " '
When we suggested the alternate plan we assumed,
of course, that the Boodler would at once oppose it.
We are, therefore, amazed at the confident air with
which it accepts the issue. We can account for its
attitude on only one of two theories. Either the re
sponsible editor is out of town and the printer's
devil is in charge of the editorial page, or the
Boodler is coming down with softening of the brain.
The country journalists of ye olden time used to ex
plain their errors of utterance on the former basis.
Certainly, the Boodler can never expect to regain
its old place on the Southern Pacific payroll by sub
mitting its '"cinches" as alternate propositions. The
corporations would ask nothing softer than that.
Can it be possible that the organ of Colonel Mazuma
is losing its mind? If the responsible editor is in
town and the devil is not in charge it would seem to
look that way.
People will be slow to believe that the terrible
murders recently committed near Boston were
done by Dunham, the Californian who made
so fearful a record at San Jose. There Is no doubt
that Dunham would, if living, be capable of any
deed of horrid cruelty, but the belief that his bones
bleach somewhere in the foothills is a comfort
which there is no desire to relinquish.
While Mr. Philhrook is in the business of suing
several distinguished gentlemen it is a wonder he
named so small a sum as half a million when a
whole million would have been so much more im
pressive. Possibly, however, Mr. Philbrook thinks
the former amount all he can conveniently handle.
Some people have no desire to be embarrassed with
riches.
IMMIGRATION RESTRICTION.
NOW that the bill for the restriction of immigra
tion has been brought before Congress by the
speech of Senator Fairchild, it is to be hoped
the measure will be taken up in earnest and pressed
to a prompt enactment. It should not be made to
wait on any other question whatever. The need of it
is urgent, and there is no reason why there should be
any delay.
The Republican party and the administration are
pledged to the passage of some measure of the kind.
The St. Louis platform declares: For the protection
of the equality of our American citizenship and of the
wages of our workingmen against the fatal competi
tion of low priced labor, we demand that the immi
gration laws be thoroughly enforced, and so ex
tended as to exclude from entrance to the United
States those who can neither read nor write."
In his letter of acceptance President McKinley
said: "The declaration of the platform touching im
migration is one of peculiar importance at this time,
when our own laboring people are in such great distress.
1 am in hearty sympathy with the present legislation
restraining foreign immigration, and favor such ex
tension of the laws as will secure the United States
from invasion by the debased and criminal classes of
the Old World."
It will be noted there is a slight difference between
the language used by the President and that of the
platform. The one proposes to exclude criminal
classes and the other demands the exclusion of those.
who can neither read nor write. The difference is
hardly more than one of words. As a rule the crim
inal element among the foreign immigrants is coin
cident with the illiterate element. At any rate the
foreigner who can neither read nor write is hardly
fitted to become a citizen of the United States and as
it is not possible to devise a means by which t"
to mine criminal potencies among Immigrants the
educational test called for by the platform is perhaps
tlie best that can be effectively applied in practice.
President Winston of the University of Texas
pointed out at the recent "Prison Congress" that the
foieign element in the country is one and a half time
as criminal as the native white element, and that half
the foreign criminals are not naturalized. He strongly
advocated closing the country to illiterate immigrants
of all kinds, and said it would be economy on bar
part to shut them out even if we had to donate $.25.
000.000 annually to support them in their own coun
tries.
It is well known that the character of the immi
gration to the United States has undergone a notable
change in recent years. Formerly our immigrants
came from the British Islands or from Northern and
Western Europe. Their civili7ation was virtually the
same as our own and they were easily assimilated
with the native population. Of late years there has
been a rapid increase of immigration from Southern
and Eastern Europe, and the great majority of the
new comers are too alien to us to understand either
our government or our social life. Most of them are
illiterates and would be excluded by an educational
test as advocated by Senator Fairchild.
With reviving prosperity there will be an increased
incentive to such immigrants to cume to the United
State«, and therefore the expediency of closing the
doors at once is too apparent to need argument.
THE LOS ANGELES SCHOOL SCANDAL.
' IZ^ ACH successive development in the Los An
geles school scandal makes more evident the
'— * need of a far reaching, penetrating and thor
oughly comprehensive investigation of the whole
subject. At the present time the charges and counter
charges i:iade by the opposing parties to the con
troversy are so equally balanced as to render decisive
judgment impossible. It will probably require an ex
amination in court, with testimony given under the
solemnity of oath and subject to rigid cross examin
ation, to make clear the facts involved in the present
confusion.
All that is quite certain is that much in the way of
evil and forbidden practices has been going on in the
management of the public schools of Los Angeles.
The League fur Better City Government is entitled
to the credit of having brought these practices to
public notice and started the movement to expose
them and punish the authors. The exposure, how
ever, seems to have gone further than the league in
tended, or at least to have disclosed wrongdoing in
quarters wholly unexpected. As a result some of the
members of the league have turned aside from the
object originally aimed at and are now acting more
like partisans in the contest than impartial investi
gators seeking the truth and desirous only to acquit
the innocent, but let no guilty man escape.
The Call from the first has taken a keen interest in
the investigation. Malfeasance or misfeasance in the
public schools aft'ects one of the most important fea
tures of our social organism. Corruption in our edu
cational system is a thing not to be tolerated in any
part of the State. Public sentiment, so prone to
indifference in matters of local administration, is re
solved on that point. The Call was therefore acting
in strict accord with popular ideas of the duty of the
press to the people when it set about aiding the in
vestigation at Los Angeles and making known every
particle of the evidence given on either side, whether
for attack or defense.
To angry disputants the impartial man seems an
enemy to both. The attitude of The Call in the
course of the Los Angeles investigation has exposed
it to that form of misrepresentation. Because it pub
lished in full the charges of the league and the evi
dence given by Axtell and Adams it was called an
enemy of Trustee Webb. Because it permitted Mr.
Webb to defend himself and published a statement of
his side of the case in a letter written and signed by
himself it is accused of being an enemy of the league.
This misconstruction was not unexpected. He that
t.-ikes part in a hard fight must expect blows. The
Call is fighting for the truth and for the punishment
of any person proven guilty of wrongdoing. In that
fight it is regardless of men, parties or factions. It
hews to the line, letting the chips fall where they
may. Its object is to publish nothing but the truth,
but also to publish the whole truth, and the only way
by which that can be accomplished is the publication
of the testimony on both sides.
Citizens of Los Angeles who wish to learn both
sides of the controversy in order that they may judge
it fairly must read The Call, as it is the only paper
in the State now pushing this investigation with no
other object than that of exposing guilty parties and
showing the people the evidence that convicts them.
As Minister to China Conger will have more to
do with protecting the rights of Americans than
ever fell to his lot in Brazil, and in the latter place
he never did it particularly well. Perhaps, however,
if the occasion is large he will rise to it.
There will be a pretty fight between ex-Senator
Hill and the Tiger. When it is over Hill may show
the marks of claws, but the chances are that the
Tiger's scalp won't be on straight either.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JA2STTTABY 14, 1898.
UMTII a view to fairly stating the plan for re
' form of our financial and banking system, re
ported by the volunteer monetary commis
sion, we have presented the parts covering the stand
ard of value, the silver currency and the demand ob
ligations of the treasury. Under the latter head it
will be seen that the proposed treasury division of
is.me and redemption will:
(a) Pay out gold coin for gold certificates.
(b) Pay out gold coin in redemption of green
backs and the notes of 1890.
(c) Pay out silver dollars for silver certificates of
any denomination.
(d) Issue silver certificates of denominations of $1,
$2 and $5 in exchange for silver dollars and for silver
certificates of denominations above $5
(c) Pay out gold coin in exchange for silver dol
lars.
(f) Pay out silver dollars in exchange for gold,
greenbacks or notes of 1890.
(g) Pay out greenbacks or notes of 1890, not sub
ject to immediate cancellation, in exchange for gold
coin.
(h) Pay out and redeem subsidiary and minor
coins as now provided by law.
(i) Pay out United States notes in exchange for
currency certificates.
In the national banking system proposed no bank
shall issue notes in excess of its paid-up and unim
paired capital, exclusive of its real estate. All such
notes are a first Hen upon all assets of the bank, in
cluding its stockholders" liability. No such notes
shall be in denominations of less than $10.
Ip to an amount of 25 per cent of the capital
stock of the bank, unimpaired, the notes issued by it
.-hall not exceed the value of United States bonds de
posited in the treasury. Five years after passage of
the act the amount of United States bonds to be de
posited against notes issued shall be reduced each
.car by one-fifth of the 25 per cent of capital, and
thereafter any bank may at any time withdraw any
bonds deposited in e\cc>> of the requirement.
Any bank may deposit any lawful money with the
treasury for retirement of its notes, and every such
deposit shall be treated as a reduction, to that ex
tent, of its outstanding notes.
Other provisions relate to taxation of national
banks and improvements in their supervision, and
for a change of banks now in commission to the new
■ in.
In brief, the intention of the commission's plan is
■■> secure a system with these features:
i. To be national, with better national oversight.
_'. Its note issues to be based upon readily converti
ble bank assets.
.?. A limitation of the amount of note issues to the
unimpaired capital of the issuing bank.
4. A further security in a common guaranty fund.
in which all the banks in the system guarantee the
notes of any one bank, securing the same confidence
and uniformity in value for the notes as now.
5. Continuance of the present redemption fund and
method of redemption, as now, with increase in plans
of redemption.
6. A further security in the liability of the share
holders to the full par of their shares.
7. And a system whose continuance will not de
pend upon a permanent national debt with United
States bonds as its basis.
Bankers who see the bill in deta 1 will observe that
the last is the chief difference be: veen the proposed
-ystem and the present. Indeed the whole plan sub
mitted is evidently formed so as to produce as gradual
a change to sounder and more desirable methods as
possible and with the minimum of disturbance to the
country's finance and business.
The Monetary Conference is called to reassemble
at Indianapolis <m the 25th of this month, and all
commercial and financial organizations are invited to
-end delegates thereto.
It is expected that the con mission's plan will be
freely discussed and explained at this meeting, and
no doubt great interest in the whole question will be
stimulated.
THE SOUTH AND THE FAIR.
S~^ ( >MMENTING upon a recent statement of the
I Citrograph that "San Francisco does not to
v-^v-^ day recognize South California as a gold or
silver producing region," tin San Bernardino Sun
agrees with The Call that it such be the case it is
time the people of that section enlightened the ignor
ance of the metropolis.
The Sun very cogently says: "It may be that San
Francisco capitalist* have been told of the 'prospects"
with which the Imperial County, as well as half a
dozen other counties, arc blessed and have refused to
believe it. But if an actual exhibit of ores were made
they might be convinced. Seeing is believing, and
a few pieces of glittering quartz would accomplish
more tb*n could >»c done by talk in a thousand
years."
After such a forcible presentation of the advantages
sure to accrue to the "Imperial County" and to the
south generally from a good exhibit at the mining
exposition in this city, it is to be regretted the Sun
felt it necessary to add: "Hero is where we again feel
the need of some organization at the county scat
which would take the matter in hand and see that a
creditable display is made. But we have no such or
ganization. No display will he made, and San Fran
cisco will probably go on believing that South Cali
fornia mines are largely 'talk.' "
The mere lack of an organization at the county
seat should not prevent an adequate representation
of the mineral wealth of so rich a county as San Ber
nardino at an exposition of such opportune impor
tance as that which is to be held in San Francisco
this winter. The men who are interested in mines
and mining should get together and arrange some
kind of exhibition to attract attention to the mineral
resources of their section. The fair is not to be a
holiday frolic. It means business.
The men of South California are noted for their
enterprise and their energy. If their section is not
well and brilliantly represented at the exposition the
visitors from the East will attribute the fact to a lack
of mineral resources from which to make exhibits.
Thus the south will suffer not only negatively, but
positively, if anything prevents it from taking a con
spicuous part in an exposition of the mining indus
tries and interests of the whole Pacific Coast.
The issue cannot be ignored. If there is no or
ganization at the county seat of San Bernardino to
prepare the exhibit then the progressive men out
side should get to work an! show what the "Im
perial County" possesses in the way of gold, silver
and other minerals. A
Senator Cannon's proposition to have a ducking
stool provided for statesmen will strike people who
are not statesmen as being excellent. In reading
the Congressional Record the average citizen has
often found himself wondering how so many old
scolds ever got together.
CURRENCY REFORM.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
Joseph P. Lynch, a Los Angeles editor,
is staying at the Lick.
J. W. Lanley and wife of Victoria. B.
C, are at the Occidental.
■\V. J. Spenser, a prominent merchant
of St. Paul, is at the California.
J. 11. Emhorn. a prominent resident of
Santa Kosa, is registered at the Califor
nia.
W. R. Cruthers, a well known merchant
of Santa Rosa, la ai the Lick for a few
days.
George E. Maicomo. a popular business
man of Augusta, Mo., is a guest at the
Palace.
George W. Schrader. a leading business
man of New York, is a guest at the
Baldwin.
R. E. Cooper and wife arrived from
Victoria. B. C, yesterday, and went to
the Palace.
State Senator James McCudden, ac
companied by his daughter, is staying at
the Baldwin.
Lieutenant G. Biocklinger. T*. S. N.,
came down from Mare Island yesterday
and went to the Occidental.
Calvin Edgerton, one of the foremost
lawyers of Los Angeles, is in the city.
lie is staying at the Grand.
E. Doughtery, a ranch owner of Big
Springs, Tex., is on a visit to this city
witli his wit-. They have takeu rooms
at the Occidental.
A. G. Lay of Glenn, who has boon in
Australia settling up the estate of a
brother who recently died there, returned
yesterday <> n the Alameda, lie is stay
ing at the Grand.
Trumbnli White, who has been to Ha
waii as sp.cial correspondent of the Chi
cago Record, arrived on the Alameda
yesterday on his way home. He is ac
companied by Mis. White.
The Stanford Glee Club, twenty-six
strong, passed through the city yester
day on their way back to college. Tti.
club has been making a tour of the
southern portion of the State. They took
lunch ai the Occidental and sang a few
"f their most popular selections for the
other guests.
I. O. Carter of
Honolulu, who
was formerly a
high official \m
<l.-r tlii- nion
archy, and- who
f GOING TO I
n STUDY ♦
ARCHI- {
I TFXTURE. I
is now one of the
. , . strongest advo
for the return of royalty to the Isl
ands, arrived in the city yesterday on the
Alameda.
Mr Carter was Men yesterday in the
office of the Occidental an.l was question
ed as t.p m,. object of his visit to the
l nited States. He denied thai his pres
enl trip had any political significance
but sai.i that he had merely come up for
personal reasons, though he thought thai
those persona] reasons would take him
directly on to Washington, where h,- , x
t'> Bpend some time around the
admiring- the architectural beau
ti< s ol that famous building, <>f which he
has heard so much, bui which he has
w en. it i< a curious coincident
that as soon as President Dole of Hono
lulu heard of the departure of Mr. Carter
from tli.- Islands be also became filled
with an overpowering desire to paze up
on th.- beauties <■!' the White House and
took tli.- next steamer following the oni
on which his political Opponent had sail
ed to satisfy his artistic longing. Th.
■teamer on which President Dole is trav
eling- is the I't-ru, which is expected to
arrive here to-day or to-morrow.
Karon and Baroness Yon Schroeder are
at the Palace.
S. T. Bmallfield, a resident of Mexico. is
at the California,.
Judge J. M. Fulwefler of Auburn is at
the Lick for a few days.
John w. H..W.-H. a well-known lawvi :
: Itei ced, la at Uu- Lick.
John F. Moody, a lumber merchant ol
Truckee, is staying at the Lick.
If. EL C. Bftmdy, a prominent attorn, y
of Los Angeles, is staying at th.' Lick.
F. Cogswell, a real estate and insur
ance man of Lodl, lias registered at the
(Jrand.
Paul C. M<>rf. one of the brightest law
jrers of the Stockton bar, is a guest at thy
Grand.
F. P. Black, one of the best known
merchants of Ban Jose, is a guest at the
Grand.
Captain Cooper, of the rsritish shii
Royal Forth, is at the Occidental with
his wife.
James If. Dobbs, a merchant of Val
paraiso, Chile, is at the California with
liis family.
Governor James Kinkead of Nevada,
who arrived in the city yesterday, is at
•:.. Palace.
H. M. Van Dems, a prominent resident
of Portland. Ore., is at the California
with his wife.
Dr. George Franklin Shi. is, who has
been seriously ill at his rooms in the
California, is rapidly recovering.
Mrs. K. Bennett and Miss E. Whitney,
two ladies who arriv d from Sydney by
the Alanieda. are at the California.
Kx-State Treasurer Drury Ifetone is at
the Palace with his wife ami son. They
are down to the city for a short visit
from their home at Oak Knoll.
The following passengers of the Ala
meda, which arrived yesterday, are reg-
Istered at the Occidental: J. L. Howard.
Honolulu; A. W. Weddorburn. Sydney. X.
s. W : A. P. Caetobardie and family. New
/.calami.
Btaying at the
Palace is Hon.
Frank Jones of
N< w Hampshire,
a millio na ir c
business man of
that State. who*..
KLONDIKE
FEVER IN
SEATTLE.
.............. name is as well
known throughout New England as is
the name of Stanford in California. Mr.
Jones has been a leader in the politics
of his State, going twice to Congress
from there and being five times the chair
man of the State delegation to the na
tional conventions from New Hampshire,
one of the conventions being the one that
nominated Horace Greeley for the Presi
dency. He is out on the coast on busi
ness connected with his extensive affairs,
and has just arrived in the city on his
way from Seattle to Los Angeles. Speak
ing of the outlook for Klondike travel in
the spring, Mr. Jones said: "I thought
there was some excitement in the East
over the Alaskan mining boom, but 1 had
to reach Seattle to really comprehend
the passion for gold that has taken hold
of the people. 1 never saw anything like
It. The streets are crowded with all
sorts and conditions of humanity, and
the only thought that seems to possess
the entire assemblage is the wealth to be
had in the north. You of this city may
think you are doing some Klondike busi
ness, but things are dull here when com
pared with the way things are running
up there. All the outfitting stores
are doing a land office business, and the
man who cannot discuss plans for getting
away in the spring Is an Individual not
worthy of consideration."
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.— Paul Dinsmore
of San Francisco is at the Waldorf apd
G. G. McKay of Los Angeles is at the
Hotel Barthokii.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13.— F. A. Leach,
superintendent of the Mint at San Fran
cisco, arrived in Washington to-day and
registered at the Hamilton Hotel. He is
here to protest against any decrease in
the allowance for clerk hire at the Mint.
E. L. Lane of San Francisco is at the
National. Attorney Louis P. Boardman
GOOD THINGS IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
ERHAPS you think your experience would be won
derful if you were obliged to live in a world where
every object appeared turned upside down. Things
do appear strange in such a place; theres no get
ting around that fact. An inquiring Berkeley pro
fessor has just finished living for a time in just
such an inverted world. If you want to find out
how he did it, why he did it and what strange ex
perier.ces he had for eight days,
READ NEXT SUNDAYS CALL.
One of the wickedest, the shrewdest and the
most heartless of the old race of Chinese pirates
has just been killed in Kiaochau. For years, with
a big price set upon his head, he was pursued by
the English coast guard, and for years the crafty
old fox escaped their guns and continued to loot
unsuspecting and helpless merchantmen. If you are
curious to know how the English finally penned up
this crafty old villain, together with 1500 more of
the wickedest and most heartless Chinese pirates
that ever invested the Eastern seas, and if you
want to know how the old scamp escaped while
hundreds of his followers were shot and 500 be
headed on the plain,
READ NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
California is producing a great deal of gold, ce
reals, fruits and other things just now. Among
the.-c strange things are bones, plain bones, but
very old. The older they are the better the sci
entists like them. A lot of these very old bones
have just been dug up in Southern California. Once
they belonged to a roving mammoth. He hasn t
been interviewed, but the story told by his bones will be found in next bun-
day's Call.
Did you know that you ran get the best kind of jungle wild hog hunting
within 100 miles of San Francisco? For good pig sticking, though, perhaps
India is still a step or two ahead of us. But for wild and exurttng boar hunt
ing you don't have to go any further than certain lowlands on the San Joaquin
River bottom. Two venturesome young men tried it last week. If one of
them had been alone— but wait for the whole story. How he barely escaped
from a vicious old "tusker" is told by him in next Sunday's Call.
Any woman who is interested in having her hair dressed in the latest mode
rhould get next Sunday's paper. The stylish and prevailing coiffures for 1898
are carefully drawn with full directions in the way of their arrangement.
In addition to these good things there is an excellent assortment of quaint,
queer, curious and interesting matter. Stories for the children and fiction for
the older folks, news of the latest and best books, what is going on in the
theaters, fraternal, school and mining news, and stories from "at home and
abroad" that will repay perusal.
BE SURE AND READ NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
AN EXAMINER FORGERY LAID BARE.
The Paris newspaper, Le Temps, the most important of all
French journals, in the issue of December 17 last, has a self
explanatory notice, which is here reproduced:
(ORIGINAL.)
L'AFFAIRE DREYFUS.
Un JDurnal de San Francisco, the
Examiner, a publi? dans son numero
dv 21 novembre une lettre qu'il dit
avoir recue de Mme. Lucie Dreyfus.
Cette lettre serait datee dv 12 no
vembre, 1897.
Mm?. Dreyfus apres avoir declare
qu'elle possede les preuves de l'inno
cence de son mari, se montrait resolut
a 1-s produire.
Un parent de Mme. Dreyfus nous
a declare que cette lettre est
apocryphe. Mm?. Dreyfus ne con
nait personne en Amerique et na rien
ecrit de semblable.
of San Francisco loaves to-morrow for
N- w York. He Will remain there two
or three days and then, returning to
Washington will Wave on Monday for
home by way of the southern route. W.
P. Parker of T.<>s Angeles is at the St.
James, after Staying In Washington sev
eral weeks. Colonel True of California,
who has been a candidate for the Mar
sh, ilship. has given up the fight and will
leave tor his home in a ft-w days.
THE COAST PRESS.
The Gllroy Gazette will appear this
week In an enlarged form, and many
other improvements are contemplated by
the enterprising new editor and pro
prietor, E. D. Crawford.
The town of Palo Alto has risen from
the ranks of weekly paper communities,
and, with the Twico-a-Week Times to be
gin with, expects to be scanning the col
umns of a local daily before the end of
the year.
C. F. Hager of Los Gatos has succeeded
Edward H. Chirk as editor and publisher
of the Templeton Advance. According
to announcement, the paper will now be
run "straight in the middle of the road"
•without fear or favor of any party, fac
tion or person."
For information concerning the rich
and productive county of San Diego the
beautiful illustrated New Year's edition
of the Union of San Diego is a valuable
paper to possess. It is a veritable en
cyclopedia of facts about California's
semi-tropical southern borderland.
AViUiam Thompson and A. E. Hartley
have dissolved partnership in the publi
cation of the Alturas Plaindealer. the lat
ter-named person retiring. The paper
has prospered beyond expectations and
boasts that its circulation is at the head
of the list in Modoc County.
The Lompoc Journal is another news
paper to undergo a change of manage
ment at the beginning of the new year.
H. A. Avorill retires from the editorial
chair and the new occupant of that dig
nified piece of furniture is George W.
Jenkins, a man of ability and or consid
erable experience in journalism.
The Portland (Or.) Tribune is steadily
<;n>\ving in size, and its constant im
provement is certainly a strong evidence
of its increasing popularity. Its sixteen
page Sunday edition reflects much credit
on the newspaper men who are contest
ins a field hitherto practically monopo
lized by that influential journal, the Ore
gonian.
Charles F. Montgomery of Antioch has
purchased the Contra Costa News from
Alfred Dalton Jr. and will change the po
litical complexion of the publication from
Kcpuhlican to Democratic. The News is
a handsome paper and has been a faith
ful and effective exponent of the attrac
tions of Martinez and the adjacent coun
try-
The Oceanside Blade has in preparation
a souvenir number, which will be issued
on the I'ith. and which will contain com
prehensive data relating to fruit-growing
and planting, lemon and olive culture and
general farming in a very favored portion
of San Di>^go County. The edition will bo
illustrated and will contain an account of
the progress made In the Oceanside vicin
ity during the past two years.
The "Weavrrville Journal celebrated Its
forty-third birthday last week. It de
clares that the future of Trinity County
is more than promising 1 , and that the sec
tion is ribbed with paying quartz and cov
ered with auriferous gravel. The Coffee
Creek boom, while not justified by the
nature of the discoveries, has been of
benefit to that locality, as a number of
now claims are being operated to golden
advantage.
Wallace C. Brown has succeeded S. F.
Barstow on the editorial throne of the
Marin Journal, and the indications point
to a continuation of the paper's success
under the new order of things. Mr.
Brown is brimful of enterprise, and be
ing determined to see whether or not San
(TRANSLATION)
TriE DREYFUS CASE.
A San Francisco newspaper, the
Eximiner, has published in its issue
ot November 21 a letter which it says
it has received from Mrs. Lucie Drey
fus. In this letter, dated November
12, 1897, Mrs. Dreyfus declares that
she possesses the proofs of her hus
band's complete innocence, and that
she is determined to produce them.
A relative of Mrs. Dreyfus de
clares that this letter does not
exist. Mrs. Dreyfus knows no
body in America and lias never
written anything of this kind.
Rafael can maintain a daily paper, has
already launched the Evening Journal,
which will be devoted to local affairs, and
"will offer its columns and iniluence to
all that tends to the public good." The
daily is a bright, sprightly sheet, and
will doubtless be well received by the
people of Marin County's capital.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
REPTILES IN IRELAND--];. E. C.
City. Reptiles are not Indigenous to
Ireland, yet there is nothing in the soil or
climate to prevent them from living in
that country. In 1831 six snakes of a
harmless species were Introduced In the
County Down, being turned out in the
garden of the Rath Gail House. One of
these was killed u,t Mi!j<r.>ss after being
at liberty one week, two m.>r.> were killed
Within six weeks, but the other two were
not traced, although a reward was of
fered for them. In 1843, according to the
Dublin Penny Post, another experiment
was made with snakes in that country
and they thrived. This shows that the
assertion that "reptiles cannot live in Ire
land twenty-four hours" is not correct.
HOMESTEAD— A. M. H., Petaluma,
CaL If the homestead is selected by the
husband and wife during coverture, or
by either of them during that period,
and is recorded while both are living
and was selected from the community
property, or from the separate property
of the person selecting or joining In the
Belectlon of the same, it vests on the
death of either husband or wife abso
lutely in the survivor. If selected from
the separate property of either the hus
band or wife, without his or her consent
ii vests on the death of the person from
whose property it was selected in his or
her heirs, subject to the order of the Su
perior Court to assign it for a limited
period to the family at the decedent.
Cal. glace fruit 50c perlb at Townsend's.^
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery st. Tel. Main 1042. •
In IS7O the Duke of Golllera began to
spend large sums of money in the col
lection of rare stamps, ami his collection
is in >w believed to be the finest in the
world. It is estimated to be worth
$1,250,000.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup '*
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Co'.ic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 2Zc a bottle.
COROXADO— Atmosphere is perfectly dry,
Boft and mild, being entirely free from the
mists common further north. Round trip
tickets, by steamship, including fifteen days'
board at the Hotel del Coronado, $65: longer
stay. $2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco, or A. \V. Bailey, mana
ger. Hotel del CoronaCo, late of Hotel Colo
rado, Glenwood Springs. Colorado.
Queen Victoria, it is announced will
spend her next spring holiday at Monza,
in the neighborhood of Milan. The King
and Queen of Italy have placed at her
disposal their fine country place there
NEW TO-DAY.
Royal Baking Powder
never fails. Alum pow-
ders do. A single bak-
ing spoiled wastes more
than the difference in
cost of a whole year's
baking powder supply.POLK STREET
TO ADVANCE
Improvement Club to Re
organize and Carry on
the Work.
: v Paving and Electric
Lights Will Be Ad
. ■ a ted.
Merchants Will Humor Contractors
on the Hiil Excava-
Job.
All the prominent business men along
Polk street are delighted that the dawn
of a new era is at hand. It will not
be Jon^c until the Poik Street Improve
ment i.':ub is reorganized for the pur
pose of carrying out the old plans that
niade it popular and effective, as well
as for mapping out a great amount of
Improvements.
tnitteeman Ya! Schmidt has just
I Inted three members of the reor
ganization committee, pursuant to
plans he had in view and instructions
he received when the old club went
into hibernation. The new committee
3ts of John E. Quinn, Nathan Bibo
L. H. Kohn.
"Th« men will meet very
Mr. Schmidt yesterday,
"and - to carry forward the
work of last year as well as much that
Is new. The provisions mad.' at the ■
outset were that the club was to rest
on its oars for a time and then revive
the work. This committee will assem
' to my call, and that will
be as Boon as the holiday rush is over
and we can all get a breathing spell.
"The reason we did not do mure was
that the gas company had a contract
for the lighting of the street for a yeai
and it has the same contract stili. We
cannot hope to do much in the way of
ursine; the adoption of the great elec- i
■ until the gas matter is
out of the way. When this is finished ,
we have all the hope necessary to in- '
duce us to carry the g<>"<l work for
ward with the full belief that the Im
provements win be forthcoming.
"Another thing that we want to urge
with all due vigor is that the street
be repaved in a modern way at an early
date. Some of the street contractors
have urged that this work be done.
The old sui lent had his excuses
and the new one has his, but it is our
purpose to get after them and keep at
them until the matter is brought to a
conclusion."
There has been a great deal of delay I
about tearing down the Polk street hill '
and making many contemplated im- |
■ vlng out of this work. !
The n are inclined to be very
pati< nt with the contractors on this
■■ for the reason that they took:
the Job at a low rate and with the view
that they would be able to sell the rock
t>. the Fair estate. Owing to some de
lay In that deal the contractor? have
been Blow with their work and the mer
chants have practically decided to
humor them in the delay. They have
come to this conclusion from the fact
that they could not get any other con
:• Tv do the work for l^ss than
thousand dollars-. They.
: hat if they should crowd the pres
ent contractors they might throw up
ntract, much to the detriment of
the whole street and its interests.
GOVERNOR BUDD
LOOKING FOR A MAN
The Vacancy in the Board of
Railroad Commissioners
Not Yet Filled.
E. B. Pond Declines to Accept Because
H^r Is Out of Politics and Ac'ivo
in Business.
E. B. Pond has declined the appoint
ment of Kail road Commissioner, tendered
to him by Governor Budd. The Call was
first to suggest his appointment, believ
ing that ho would perform the duties of
the office In a. manner highly acceptable
to the public. The chief reason given
by Mr. Pond for declining to serve is his
retirement from politics. • Speaking of
the topic yesterday he said:
"I declined to accept the place because
I am our of politics entirely, and again
I have not the time to attend to the du
ties of the office. This institution, the
Pan Francisco Savings Union, of which
I am president, requires my time and at
tention. I am also engaged in other busi
ness affairs, so my time is constantly oc
cupied. The office of Railroad Commis
sioner is one that demands attention. A
man accepting the place should give his
whole time to the performance of his
official duties."
• Among the applicants for the office are
Jeremiah T. Burke, Judge Lawler. J. H.
Barry and Alex Vogelsang. Strong in
dorsements of each applicant have been
presented to the Governor.
Divorce S'jits piled.
Bertha Zuest has commenced suit
against her husband, Charles Zuest, for
a divorce, on the ground of cruelty. Mrs.
Harda C. Constant also complains of
cruel treatment at the hands of her hus
band, Manuel Constant, and has applied
for a divorce. Francos 11. Grapewine has
Biied her husband, Charles E. Grapewine,
for a divorce. Ax a cause of action she
alleges desertion.
K|!s Lucky Escape.
James Ryan, 220 Third street, was
waiting for a car to pass on Market
■ Grant avenue, yest<
i ing, whea he was knocked down by
a car going In the opposite direction. He
was thrown off the track and escaped
con! uslon of the knee and side.
NEW TO-DAY.
■ I*imp!es, blotched, blackheads, red, rough, oily,
rcothy skin, itehtog, scaly scalp, dry, thin, and
failing hair, and baby blemlnhes prevented tvsr
Ctmomu Boat, the rucut effective ekin purify-
ing and beautifying soap In the world, as well as
purest and sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery.
I> Hold throughout th» -»or! 4. Prrrn T). * r. Coup., Sola
J*rop§., Botloa. Cj" " How to Beamifj the Skin, free.
BLOOD HUMORS : <SS55S*££3L
BELLS CHIME
A TE DEUM
Services at the Greek
Church in Honor of
New Year.
Bishop Nicholoson Says Mass
Assisted by Priests of the
Faith.
Special Service to Commemorate
the Anniversary of
St. Basil.
Amid the chiming of bells and the
chanting of a Te Deum, the New Tear
was sacredly ushered into the calendar
of the Greek Catholic Church yester
day morning at the Cathedral on Pow
ell street.
The ceremony from commencement to
end was one of impressiveness; and to
the Btranger, unacquainted with the
rites of this church, most interesting.
Immediately upon the cessation of
the bells the golden gates leading from
the inner sanctuary were thrown open
as if by magic, and a monk, robed in
the black (lowing garments of hi.-* or
der, issued forth, followed by a small
procession of priests and lesser digni
taries of the church.
Upon leavin? the sanctuary he
marched through the church, where,
save the sound of his own prayers, ev
erything was hushed in silence, to a
sacred portal leading from the church
to the Inner sanctuary of Bishcrp Nich
oloson.
Upon coming in sight of the bishop
standing at the door with the upraised
emblem of Christianity in his hand the
entire congregation immediately bowed,
made the sign of the cross, chanting as
they did bo a hymn of praise.
The Bishop, upon entering thechurch,
went directly to the sacred gates lead
ing to the sanctuary; and, alter offer
ing up a brief prayer, repaired to his
throne in the center of the church,
where he was assisted in donning his
vestments by the assistant priest, pre
paratory to saying the mass.
The celebration of mass in the Orien
tal Church, although it differs consid
erably from the Roman Catholic, is
nevertheless impressive and inspiring.
The vestments used by the Bishop in
yesterday's ceremony were similar to>
those used in the Romish Church, with
the exception that the cross was not
worn on both sides of the vestment
used by the celebrant of the mass, as i.s
the case with the Roman priest when
he says mass.
In addition to the celebration of mass
in honor of the new year, special serv
ices were held t<j commemorate the
circumcision of Christ and also the an
niversary of the feast day of Ft. Basil.
Members of the church, without ex
ception, contributed money toward the
purchase of wax candles, to be burned
in front of the statues of Christ and St.
Basil, In memory of the Savior, and to
commemorate the anniversary of the
saint.
All through the sacred observance of
mass the choir chanted religious hymns
and answered the monotonous chant of
the Bishop. .
The ceremony of blessing the sacred
mass bcrok and other religious articles
on the altar is almost identical with
that of the Roman Catholic Church,
the only difference being that the Cath
olic prifst never goes beyond the steps
of the altar with the consecrated book,
while in the Greek ceremony the book
Is tak^ii from its position o-n the altar
and is carried to th" Bishop's throne In
the center of the church to be conse
crated.
All through the long service the
members of the congregation are com
pelled to stand, never changing their
attitude but twice, and then at the ele
vation of the host they kneel.
The moat impressive part of yester
day's services was the confession of a
young man, who knelt before the priest
and offered up his prayers to God ask
ing for forgiveness, and receiving the
body and blood of Christ in holy com
munion.
After th*? celebration of mass the spe
cial observance was held in honor of
the circumcision. It was a brief cere
mony, and consisted in kissing the sa
cred image of Our Lord affixed to a
brazen cross and also th" receiving of
the consecrated bread by the entire
congregation. It was an impressive
spectacle to see the members of the
church marching in single file to the
altar and receiving the desired privi
lege of kissing the effigy of their Bay
lor, outstretched upon the cross, and
receiving a portion of his consecrated
body, which was given them after kiss-
Ing the cross.
The Interior of the church presented
a maze of lights, wMeh afforded a most
diizzling spectacle to the eye.
In the center of the church and di
rectly above the Bishop's throne was a
magnificent silver-plated hanging can
delabrum, studded with myriads of wax
candles, presenting a most beautiful
sight.
In the front of the church and Just
inside the entrance to it was a similar
blaze of light from another hanging
candelabrum.
On each side of the gates leading to
the altars and serving as a petition to
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JAXUARY 14, 1898.
separate the main church from the
sanctuary are a number of paintings
representing the earliest saints of the
church.
In front of each of these pictures was
placed a hanging lamp filled with oil
and burned by means of a rash-light
wick. In addition to this lamp three
candles were placed in front of each
picture by public donation to commem
orate the saint it represented.
The music rendered by the choir was
better than is usually heard In church
es, and the sopranos and the bassos
showed off to especial advantage.
After the services in the church
Bishop Nicholoson retired to the priest's
house, where he received and enter
tained a number of guests at tea.
A CELEBRATED ARTIST HERE.
Miss Magda Heuernjann Visiting
prierjds ir> This City.
Miss Madpa If. Ilouormann, the eele
i miniature painter, has recently
arrived in San Francisco from Chicago,
making her llrst visit to this coast. She
h.-.s organised a class in miniature work
at the studio of Mrs. T. W. Church, 307
Oanaoiue street, room 3, where her work
is on exhibition.
Miss Eieuermann was born in-Gales
burg, 111., and having spent the greater
part of her life in that State is well
known to all WuO are interested in minia
tures and keramtcs. She has studied
abroad under the famous masters of the
modern school, and especially so in
Munich, where she spent three years and
became the favorite of Lerbacb Her
work bears a decided German char
acter. Ii la strong, faithful and finished
Borne of the best work shown in this
country is from her brush, notably por
traits in both life size and miniatures
Miss Heuermann's miniatures on Ivory
IN THE GREEK CHURCH.
are a revelation to many, Flnce she
shows a decided taste f,,r the new
! unknown so far to miniature
painters.
She has five medals and diplomas from
the World's Fair, Chicago, In 1893, sad
warded a prize at Philadelphia in
i vi >\ in the Woman's Department of the
World's Exposition at New Orleans la
he also bad honorable mention ami
a diploma <>f merit was awarded her at
the North Central and South American
sitlon, 188 S. Mention has often been
made in all the different art magazines
of various highly artistic miniatures and
pictures from h.^r brush.
Miss Heuermann was commit
by the British American Corporation to
paint the miniatures of Queen Victoria
ai '1 the Prince Consort. These minia
tures are now at Bui-klnfcham Palace.
Asthma and bronchitis — cure Ruaranteed. Pr.
Gordln'a Sanitarium, 541 Tine. nr. Kearny, B.F.
CAPTURE OF A
DESPERATE MAN
Brought to Town by a Brave
Posse of Four Constables
From Marin.
i Tho Authorities Did Not Wont Him
Because Confederate Notes Are
Not Counterfeit.
A Constable from Novato, Maria
County, with three stalwart assistants,
brought a prisoner into the office of the
United States District Attorney yester
day and caused great excitement among
the bystanders. The prisoner was a lit
tle man, skinny, but with a very bad eye,
and there was no doubt at all In the
mind of Deputy Attorney Schlesinger
that he must be a desperate train robber
and murderer. The strong guard and the
tact that the prisoner was handcuffed so
tightly that his wrists were bruised and
bleeding confirmed this suspicion.
"We've got a prisoner here," said the
Constable, with an air of great import
ance.
"I see you have," said Mr. Seliles-
Inger, "but don't you think it would be
well to loosen up those handcuffs a
little?"
This was done, and the officer wiping
the perspiration off his brow, announced
that be hud captured a daring and dan
gerous counterfeiter In the town of No
vato.
"What's he been doing?"
"He's been trying to pass a $1 Confed
erate bill, and hero's the evidence." ami
the officer waved the bill in the air.
Gently, but firmly, Mr. Bchlesinger in
formed the- Novato officer that the act
was not an offense against any United
Suites law, and suggested that ho take
the prisoner before some Justice of the
Peace at Novato and charge him with
fraud.
The posse went out with their little
man crestfallen and got on a Sansume
srreet horse car to go to the ferry, and
the prisoner jumped off the car and rmule
a dash for liberty. The four officers fol
lowed In hot pursuit, shouting like In
dians on the war path, and the unfortu
nate little man. who did not weigh more
than 120 pounds, was caught by a San
Francisco policeman and handed" over to
the Blt-uths from Marln.
Sudden Death of a Carpenter.
Patrick Cunningham, a carpenter, was
found dead in his shop at 727 Rrannan
Btreet yest onlay, morning. The deceased
was a native of Ireland. 52 years old and
a widower. An Inquest will be held.
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure.
:cc. The genuine has L. IS. Q. on each tablet.
TROUBLES IN
SHAIN'S HOME
Divorce Action on Trial
in Judge Daingerfield's
Court
Story of an Unhappy Married
Life Told on the Stand by
the Plaintiff.
Defendant Al^o Ha? an Inning and
Adds Much to the Distressing
Tale of Woe.
The suit of Grace F. Bhaln against
her husband, Joseph E. Sham, a collec
tor, for divorce promises to be a bit
terly contested one, and to allow the
family skeleton to stalk out before the
eyes of the world that it may gossip
and wonder. The action commenced be
fore Judge Daingerfleld Wednesday
morning and the plaintiff commenced
to build up her case. Mrs. Sham was
first called to the stand and told the
story of her sufferings and reasons for
charging her husband with cruelty and
Intemperance in her application for
divorce.
She testified that some time prior to
her application for divorce she had
been practically without funds with
which t<> k.ep herself and children. As
"the wolf*' « 'ft iines threatened to come
In at the door through necessity she dis
posed of most of her personal property.
Her baby's little bed was first to be
sacrificed when she was in need of
money and then when that had gone
the rich and pretty clothea she pur
chase d for it had to b Bold and coarser
used Instead. T. ;s piece bj •
the furniture of the h m was disp
of until the only furm: ,r- that remain
ed was in her husband room, and that
belonged to an outside party.
Another interesting Incident in the
unhappy married life occurred early
one morning when Mrs. Sham, accord
ing to her testimony, returned to her
home, from which she had fled the
night before In fear to a friend's hous<\
and found her piano on the sidewalk
and a couple of men ready to cart it
to a warehouse. In the distance she
Bald sin- saw her husband disappear
over a hill and know that he had made
an effort to get the piano, Mrs. Sham,
after assuring the men that she wanted
no trouble, drew a revolver from within
her cape as a means of assuring th*>m
that such was the case, i n ! then paid
them double th<- price offered by hr-r
husband to move the instrument to a
neighbor's house.
The piano movers Immediately com
plied with her request and Mrs. Rhain
was the Victor and her husband again
outwitted. A servant Kir!, at one time
employed in the home of the Shams,
testified that she had seen the head of
the family in an Intoxicated condition,
but how often she did not remember!
She had also expostulated with him in
f«>ar that he would strike his wife, but
as to whether or not he ever did the
girl was unable to state.
Yesterday afternoon when the case
was continued the oldest daughter of
the litigant* was called to the stand.
Phe told in an unwavering manner the
story of her parents' troubles. Her
father, she said, was in the habit of
nightly sleeping with a revolver under
his pillow, much to the discomfort of
his family. Many times, th^ witness
said, in the still watches of the night
her father would come into her room,
kneel down beside her bed and cry
and monn in anguish. On being ques
tion, -d th^ young woman said that her
father complained that nobody loved
him and that he was greatly grieved.
Tin other occasions her father would
come into her room and lie down be
side her on the bed and moan until
sleep closed his eyes. "When my fa
ther used to lie down beside me his
touch would make me shudder." said
the witness. "He knew that I did not
like to have him near me on the bed,
but still he came." Miss Shn!n then
t"M the court as to how her father
used to whip her younger sister when
she was very young and that he was
oft times Intoxicated, a condition
which failed in a material degree to
augment the happiness of those about
him.
After the daughter had concluded her
testimony Sham. the defendant, had
an Inning on the stand and explained
his troubles on the angry sea of matri
mony. Outside the articles Mrs. Shaln
testified as to having sold In order to
maintain herself and children she dis
posed of several more according to the
statements of her husband. The de
fendant said that an elegant water
proof coat went the way of several
other of hi* possessions. His wife ob
tained $10 for the coat, he said, and it
was easily worth five or six times that
amount, but that fact mattered but lit
tle to her. N The next thine: he missed
was his dress suit and then discourage
ment came to him. Regarding the
statement made on the stand that he
had returned to his home with a bro
ken nose one evening he denied It, but
admitted that fourteen years prior to
meeting: his wife he sustained a fract
ure of his nasal organ. Regarding al
leged caperlngs on the sidewalk In a
nude condition Shaln made positive de
nial. He had never left his home a
la Adam, and the statements that he
had were false. He will probably tell
more of the story of his home experi
ences when the case Is continued,
which will probably be next Tuesday.
Sunday-Scb°°l Entertainment.
The children attending St. James Sun
day-school held an Interesting entertain
ment at Mission Turn Vereia Hall last
nlßht. A splendid programme of musi
cal numbers nnd recitations was ren
dered, concluding with a drama entitled
"Among the Pines."
ROBBED BY
LIGHT OF DAY
Collector Knocked Down
Yesterday After
noon.
Was Relieved of # Fifty Dollars
by Unknown Assail
ants.
He Whs Making His Regular Rounds
for the Filmer - Rollins
Company.
Joseph Morris, collector for Filmer,
Rollins & Co., electrotypers, claims ho
; was attacked by two men on Washing
ton street, near Sansume, about 4
; o'clock yesterday afternoon, who, after
; dragging him Into a doorway, robbed
him of $50. Before robbing him, he
says, one of them struck him over the
! head with an Iron bar, cutting a deep
I gash.
According to the story told by Morris,
he was walking along Washington
| street, and when a few doors below
' Sansome he was seized by his assail
! ants, one of whom grabbed him by the
| throat. After threatening to strangle
| him if he made an outcry, he was then
thrown into the doorway of an empty
■ house and robbed of his money. Morris
I was subsequently taken to the Receiv
| ing Hospital, where the wound in his
head was dressed by Dr. Conrad Weil.
As soon as the alleged robbery was
reported to Chief Lees. Detectives Gib
son and Wren were detailed to make
an Investigation. They closely ques
tioned Morris, but he was unable to
give the faintest clew which would lead
to the identity of the robbers.
He declared that he did not see the
men, as they attacked him from be
hind, and after carrying him into the
doorway they at once struck him over
the head, the force of the blow ren
dering him senseless. When he re
gained consciousness a few minutes
later the alleged robbers were gone.
The detectives ridicule the story of the
robbery. They believe that Morris en
gaged in some saloon row and was
beaten.
When seen last night George Filmer,
secretary of the company, said: "We
have not seen Morris since the robbery.
He has been with this firm for many
y-ais and has always been a reliable
man. or we would not have entrusted
him with tho collection of bills due us.
Word came to us from Gates' drug
store that Morris had been carried
there In an unconscious condition, but
when we went there he had Been car
ried to the Receiving Hospital."
"THE BLACKSMITH."
Delorme's $50,000 Parting a
Alasterpiece of Modern
Art.
The fiction of the reality in Delorme's
wonderful painting, "The Blacksmith,"
now <>n exhibition in the art room of
the Emporium, is almost magical. As
you stand in front of the canvas it is
harder to imagine the reality than the
fiction. In a dusky, musty, rusty old
shop, with the sunlight streaming in
on his back and the charcoal fire (lam
ing in his face, there stands the bare
armed, muscular forger, pulling the
bellows rope and holding his pinchers
ready to remove the iron in the coals;
and the sparks fly out. He is a living
figure — the flames, the sparks, are
burning fire, and the sunshine is warm
and alive. You see three qualities of
sunlight. Through a dusty, cobwebbed
window at his back it streams lavishly,
but with subdued fervor. From some
where else, in the roof, perhaps, there
Is more mellow, diffused radiance. But
from under the door, through the
slightest unevenness, comes springing
one ray of joyous, boisterous, vivid
light, hampered by nothing. You gaze
at this picture and are in the shop, in
the dust, treading the rusty iron refuse,
feeling the fire heat, heading the surge
of the bellows and roar oi the fire. Ah,
it is marvelous. Why, even the old an
vil has its stains and its wounds — its
readiness to sing and its song.-!
BUILDING TRADES COUNCIL.
It Objects to the Threatened
Decrease in Wages at the
Mir)t.
The $40,000 reduction in the appropria
tion for the maintenance of the San
Francisco Mint, and the consequent
threatened reduction of 20 to 30 per cent
in the wages of the employes, has cre
ated considerable discussion, particularly
In labor circles, and at last night's meet
ing of the Building Trades Council the
matter was brought up for consideration.
The members wore one and all of the
opinion that a reduction of the wages
of the working man in one bram-h of
business means corresponding decn IM
in the amount of money he will spend
during the month, and a proportionate
falling off In other lines of business de
pendent upon his support.
A committee was appointed to con
sider the matter and introduced the fol
lowing resolutions, which were unani
mously adopted:
Whereas, It has been brought to the
knowledge of the Building Trades Coun
cil of San Francisco that the FVderal
Government is contemplating a reduc
tion of the wages of the men who do the
actual work and are the poorest paid in
the United States Mint located in San
Francisco, therefore ba it
Resolved, That we, the Building Trades
Council, in regular meeting assembled, do
hereby vigorously protest against the
Government's reducing the wages of the
above-mentioned employes, and ilo earn
estly request our representatives in
Washington to use their influence
against such reduction.
A committee consisting of J. Rose, W.
Page, M. C. Hencken and C. J. Cross
ley were appointed to draw up a petition
requesting Governor Budd to use his ex
. cutive clemency in the case of Salter D.
Wordi-n. who is condemned to die for
wrecking a train in the railroad strike
The committee which was appointed
two weeks ago to wait on the Harbor
Commissioners and urge that body to see
that nothing but California products be
used In the furnishing of the new ferry
depot reported that the Harbor Com
missioners had treated them with great
courtesy, but the interview was useless,
as the two important contracts in ques
tion had already been let to local firms
who employ union men.
STILL UNSATISFIED.
Mrs. O'Keefe's Children Still in
Doubt as to Their .Mother's
Whereabouts.
The O'Keefe case is still worrying Oak
land society. Some say that if the mother
Is living she would tend her children and
others nut forth the idea that she has
either deserted the whole family or else
met with foul play.
It is claimed that Eddie, the oldest boy,
is of the belief that hife mother is still in
the land of the living, but the other chil
dren, the girls, agree that their mother
has met with foul play. A portion of the
Oakland police force believe that the
girls' idea is the correct one and still oth
ers think the case is simply one of deser
tion. However, the children say that
their mother was sober In her habits, and
that the father was the one to blame for
thu present trouble.
BUNKO MEN GOT
ALL HIS COIN
J. W. Kite, a Miner From
British Columbia, the
Victim.
He Was on His Way to This
City for Treatment and
Parted With $331.
%
Captain Bohen Has Detailed Two
Detectives to Search for the
Confidence Operators.
The number of people who report to
the police that they have been the vic
tims of bunko men is astonishing, the
more so as most of them are men gift
ed with ordinary intelligence and in
their different spheres are looked upon
as successful and shrewd in their deal
ings with their fellow men.
J. W. Kite, a miner from Silverton, B.
C, is the latest victim heard from. He
called at police headquarters yesterday
morning and told Captain Bohen a piti
ful story which aroused the sympathy
of the veteran detective.
Kite is troubled with a tumor on the
back and left Silverton about a week
ago to come to a sanitarium in this
city to have it attended to. While in
Seattle waiting for the steamer to
bring him here he met a man who in
troduced himself as a cattleman on his
way to this city. Kite, being a stranger
here, was only too glad to make the ac
quaintance of such an obliging and
well-dressed man. They walked around
that city and finally Kite was led into
a room and introduced to another man.
The cattleman suggested to the other
that they should have a quiet game of
poker. They played a few hands, the
cattleman winning about $2,500.
He took Kite aside and told him con
fidentially that if he had any money
he could join him and they would share
the winnings. He showed Kite a bogus
draft for $2,500 on a bank in San Fran
cisco to prove to him that he was a
man of means. The bait took and Kite
handed him $251 in cash and a draft on
a San Francisco bank for $300, which
at the request of the cattleman he in
dorsed.
The cattleman and the other man
started to play again and, of course,
luck turned, and in a short time the
cattleman had lost all his money, in
cluding the draft and money given him
by Kite.
Kite was dazed by his loss, but the
cattleman came to his rescue and mag
nanimously offered to buy a ticket for
him to take him to this city by steam
er. He did so, and it was not till Kite
had told his story to a fellow passen
ger that he became aware of the fact
that the cattleman was a confederate
of the other bunko man.
Kite arrived by the steamer "Walla
Walla Wednesday and registered at
the New Western Hotel. He wired to
his friends in Silverton to send him a
supply of funds as he was penniless,
and yesterday morning reported tho
case at police headquarters*.
Captain Bohen at once notified the
local banks not to cash the $300 draft
if presented for payment, and to at
once telephone him If anyone should
present it. He also instructed detec
tives Egan and T. B. Gibson to go
around with Kite to see if he could lay
his eyes upon the cattleman or the
other bunko man.
"It is hard upon me," said Kite yes
terday, "as it is necessary that I should
have the operation performed at once
and now I will have to wait till I get
money from home, as they left me
without a cent. I suppose they took
me for a simple miner and thought I
was an easy thing. Well. I suppose
they were not far wrong, but it will be
■i lesson for me for the rest of my life.
If I could only get the draft for $300
It would not be so bad. but I am afraid
I will never see It again."
Libel figalnst the Navarro.
Frank E. Morley. a soafaring man,
filed a libel yesterday in the United
States Circuit Court apainst the steam
ship Navarre, to recover $l">.400 damages'
for in juries alleged to have been sus
tained by him by reason of the fall upon
him of a cage of railroad ties, which the
complainant was assisting in loading on
board the steamer at Usal, Mendoclno
County, on August 21, ISP". The com
plaint alleges that the fall of the cage of
ties waa eiiusf d by the breaking of a
wire cable, the said cable being unsound
and worthless.
I> T. Sullivan and F. W. Van Reyne
gnni aro attorney for Moriey.
NEW TO-DAY.
Delicate children ! What !
a source of anxiety they are !
The parents wish them
hearty and strong, but they
keep thin and pale.
To all these delicate chil-
dren Scott's Emulsion of
Cod-liver Oil with Hypo-
phosphites comes with the
best of news.
It brings rich blood,
strong bones, healthy nerves, j
and sound digestion. It is
growth and prosperity to
them.
No matter how delicate
the child, it is readily taken.
50c. and $i.oo, all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE. Chemists. New York.
I PERFECTION.:. PREVAILS!
i CUISINE 1 SERVICE I
£ —IN THE— *
I LADIES' GRILL *
* %iFALACE. I
* Direct Entrance from Market Street. %
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
i strength to tbe sexual organs.
DUFFY'S PURE •
ii^uAlT WHISKEY
rofiSEDiciNALgsE
NO FUSEL OIL
The best possible cure for
dyspepsia. It gently stimu-
lates the stomach and thus
helps it to do its work. Sold
by all druggists and grocers.
Send for illustrated pam-
phlet.
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO.
Rochester, N. Y.
NEW AMUSEMENTS.
aß<z&iwin efficaJtn
ffiilDWNDtfl GOmOB aceussusftriAiiuwn
THE LAUGHING CREATION.
THE HILARIOUS SENSATION.
f\ HIGH-STEPPER *"7 7.»»
WILLIE COLLIER
In the Quaintest of Quaint Comedy Work, Pre-
"THE MAN FROM MEXICO !"
Every Night This and Next Week, Including
Sunday. Matinee Saturday.
A Good Reserved Seat on Lower Floor, $1;
Balcony, EOc and 73c. Special Matinee Prices.
Seats Now Selling for All Performances.
__- : ;
7RIEOIANDER GOTUOB 6 C usmis anwuua
Tel. Main 1731.
Up to and Including Next Sunday Night Only.
JOLLY NELLIE McHENRY
In Her Brilliant Comedy Success,
"A NIGHT IN NEW YORK i"
This (Friday) Afternoon at VILLA
WHITNEY WHITE in Song and Lecture Re-
cital.
EXTRA!
Next Monday Evening, January 17,
RICH AND HARRIS* Production of John J.
McNally's Farce,
"COURTED INTO COURT!"
Marie Dressier, John C. Rice and twenty
other favorites.
Get together and we'll laugh In a bunch.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
From the Folies Bergeres, Paris, PAULO St
DIKA, eccentric vocalists. P.ARNEZ & RUS-
SELL, novelty sketch artists. LA PETITE
LUND, the infant prodigy. PATRICE, sup-
ported by ALF HAMPTON and J. F. WHIT-
BECK. Farnum Bros., Kitty Mitchell. Elinors
Sisters. Rombello and Musical Dale. Last
Two Nights of the BALLET SPECTACLE.
Reserved seats, 2", c; Balcony, 10c; opera
Chairs and Box seats, COc.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mks. Ernestine Kheling, Proprietor & Manager .
LAST NIGHTS!
Of Our Holiday Spectacle,
"MOTHER GOOSE!"
GRAND BALLETS— 3
Lots of New Sonus, Dances and Specialties.
- •■■;; NEXT WEEK
"BRIAN BORU!"
A Romantic Irish Opera.
SErtTS NOW/ OIN SMLE I
Popular Prices 25c qpd 50c
ALGAZAR-T^r
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
To-night, Saturday and Sunday,
Last four performances.
ESMERALDA!"
Monday Night— Double Bill,
A MAN'S LOVE and FORBIDDEN FRUIT.
Seats on sale six days in advance.
Prices lsc, 23c. 35c, 60c.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Magnificent Production of Byron's Great Com-
edy Drama.
THE P»I_ J XJISJ'a-E!K,
To be presented with the Strongest Cast and
the Best Scenic Effects ever wit-
nessed in this city.
Great Bank Robbery Scene.
GREAT RAILROAD SCENE WITH LOCO
TIVE AND TRAIN.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Evening Prices, 10. 25, We.
HAVE YOU SEENCHIQLITA?
Cuba Atom! Smallest Woman on Earth i
She Is Positively the
MARVEL OF THE MGIS i
Daily Receptions at the CHUTES
Afternoon and Evening.
RAIN OR SHINE.
lOc to all, including Vaudeville.
Children sc.
ANTON SCHOTT
(The Great Wagnerlan Tenor and Favorite
Court Singer of the Late Emperor William I
of Germany). Six Educational Song Recitals
on Friday Evenings, commencing January 14.
FIRST RECITAL THIS EVENING
At 8:13 O'clock.
ASSOCIATION AUDITORIUM,
Ellis and .Mason Streets.
Wagner Abend To-Day Wagner Abend
Prices, Including Reserved Seat, for Series,
$4 and $2; for Single Concert, $1 and We; Gen-
eral Admission, 25c. Seats on Sale from 9 a.
m. to 5 p. m. at Sherman-Clay's Music Store.
{RACING! RACING! RACING!
I CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
i Winter Meeting. 18!»T-'.»S. Beginning MONDAY
January 10 to January 22, Inclusive. >
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUEBDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES :* II DAY.
; RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP.
Kerry Boats leave San Francisco at 13 M.
and 12:30, 1:00, 1:30, 2:00. 2:30 and 3 P. M..
connecting with trains stopping at the entrance
to track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell
Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the /rack at 4:13
! and 4:4b P. M., and Immediately after the last
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS X R., President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
GIGANTIC OPEN STAKE!
TWO DAYS— S2SO ADDED MONEY.
SATURDAY, 1 P. -SUNDAY, 11 A. M.
BUSH-STREET THEATER.
The Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Company,
FRIDAY AND SUNDAY NIGHTS, January
14 and 16, '"EZRA. THE WANDERING JEW,"
Dramatic Opera in 4 acts, by Professor La-
telner. Box office open daily from 10 a. m. to
; 5 p. m. .
rjRFR ON O'FARRELL STREET.
UDCnVJiN Near Stockton.
Grand Concort Every Evening by
CARL MARTENS
COSMOPOLITAN "(ORCHESTRA.
j COSMOPOLITAN ORCHESTRA.
THE LYBECK CYCLE SKATING RINK,
Howard st., between Third and Fourth.
Moving Pictures and Optical Illusions.
ORCHESTRA MUSIC.
Open dally from 9:30 a. m. to 12 m. : 2 to I:M
1 p. m.: 7 to 10 p. m. General Admission JOe;
i Gents' Skates, 15c; Ladies' Skates, Free. .^
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Pllver a fraction higher.
Wheat weaker. Barley quiet.
Oata firm. Corn dull.
Beans In steady demand.
Hay rteady. Feedstuffa unchanged.
I'otatoes and Onions about the same.
Butter end Eggs weaker.
Poultry- easy and plentiful.
Game steady.
No change In Fruits.
Provisions firm.
Meats unchanged.
New York exchange advanced.
CORN AND TOMATO PACK.
The elpl". r»---^th annual report of the Tomato
pack in the United States anJ Canada, as
compiled by the American Grocer, is likely to
prove a surprise to many, but n. t to tboae
v.-ho take Into consideration that demand and
carry-over are quite &a Important factors In
rr.aklnp' a market as sup] ly.
The pack in lc-.'7.l c -.'7. while 608,153 cases larger
than in IS?6, falls behind the annual average
for the four years 1894-97, 465.G.-jti cases. The
total output for 1597 In 4.149.441 cases, and Is
unequal to the annual requirements of the
trade In r. year of general prosperity, or else
prices would not have advanced since August
from 30 to 35 cents per dozen on standard
grades of No. 3 tins. The carry-over from
1896 into 1597 wan very much lighter than the
carry-over from l«<f> to ISM!. It is also certain
that stocks in packers' hands at the clone of
1896 were lighter than they have been in many
years at corresponding date.
The pack of the leading States, compared
with 1596, Is as follows:
— Cases 2 doz. tins each —
1R96. 1597.
Maryland 1.031.600 1,881.989
New Jersey 856.410 519.513
Indiana 447,288 587.67S
California 862.11? 806.769
Delaware 153.317 205.642
Ohio 150,14 1 152.!
Missouri 110,729 180.774
The total pack of Corn in the United States
and Canada was 1.908,740 cases, against 2.676.
£ls cases In ISM, an Increase of 232. 215 cases.
It will be noted that the output In 1897 was
only 6000 cases over the average yearly pack
for the three years 1805-97. A revision of the
figures of the Maine pack makes the total for
that State 50,000 cases larger than reported last
year.
The carry-over Into l. c 97 was much less than
the stock taken over Into 1«56. This year stocks
are light everywhere.
PACIFIC COAST SALMON.
M. 8. Lowenthal gives the following report
of the pack of Salmon at all points on the
coast for 1897:
Columbia River, spring 4r.4.:,50
Columbia R!v«r, fall 63.650
Sacramento River, spring 19.000
Sacramento River, fall 22>V)
Rogue River, spring 15.300
Rogue River, ia'.l 3.700
Klamath Riv«>r. srrlng 1.100
Oregon rivers, fill 86,050
Puget Poun.l. s;ri?:g 375.000
Pugf-t Sound, fall 120.000
Alaska 939,44$
British Columbia 1.021.319
3,121.117
EXPORTS op BREADSTUFFS.
Exports of Flour from this port In 3597 were
873.303 Ibis, against L174.93S Mils In IS?6. Re
ducing this Flour to a Wheat basis and adding
it to the exported Wheat eives total exports of
Wheat during ISS7 of 12.116.500 ctls. valued at
515. 200, C00, against 15,735.4f<l ctls at U5. 677 In
ISS6. The shipments of Wheat last year aver
aged about $1 SO per ctl. - ilnst $1 li in I«''6.
The shipments of Flour averaged 34 54 per bbl,
against $3 60 In ISS6.
EXPLANATION,
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at Ftatiun indicate maximum temperature
for the day?; those underneath It. if any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In inches
and hundredtbs during the past twelve h'>urs.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pre^ure; I? therms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The trlnd "high" means hl»?h
berotnetlc pressure and is usually accompanied
with fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure an-i !.-■ usually preceded and accompanied
I ar.d rains. "Lows" usually
Brst ai;.i-»r on the Washington coast. When
the pressure ;s; s hi^-h !-i the interior and low
along the coast, and tha isobars extend north
and south along, the coast, rain Is probable:
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with Isobars of
nark • rain south of Oregon Is Im
probable. With a "hifch" In the vicinity of
Idaho, ar.d the pressure 'allintf to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and ".ji.ler weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER RF.PORT.
(120Ui Meridian— Pacific Time.) !
Ban Francisco. Cai.. Jan. 13. UK, 5 p. m.
The following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the came date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.08 18.50 22 59
Red Bluff 0.00 6.26 11.
Sacramento 0.00 5.04 6. 51
Ban Francisco -,0.00 4.7' ' 11. r
Fresno 0.00 2.22 4. 51
San Luis Obispo 0.00 2.40 |.BJ
Lcs Angeles 0.00 3.75 6.69
Ban Diego 0.20 3.13 4.74
Yuma Trace 1.06 2.60
Pan Francisco temperature: Maximum, 49;
minimum. 3S; mean, 44.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORKfASTS.
An area of high pressure continues over
.ITtah, Nevada .and Southern Idaho. Putins
the past 24 hours there has been a slight rise
In pressure along the Pacific Coast.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary over the Pacific Slope. Throughout
California the temperatures are still below
the normal.
Rain has fallen In Arizona ami over the
riorth»rn portion of th<» I'B^lfic Slope.
Forecast^ made at Pan Francisco for thirty
hours, ending mldnipht. January 14, 1S98:
Northern California Cloudy Friday: contin
ned cold weather; southerly winds.
Southern California— Pair Friday; south
westeriy wind.
Nevada— Fair Friday.
CJtab- Cloudy Friday; f-ontinu»d cold whether
Ajisona- Rain early Friday morning In the
eastern portion; cloudy Friday: continued cold
weather.
San Francisco and ' vicinity— lncreasing
Cloudiness Friday; southerly winds.
Special report from Mt. Tamalpais. taken at
6 p. m.— Dense fog; wind north 12 miles; tem
perature, 40; maximum. 41 decree*
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Offi^al.
EASTERN MARKETS.
KEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. .Tan. 13.— stock market was
under more or less pressure to-day on account
Of the news from Havana. There was heavy
realizing at tlmfa anil some aggressive at
tacks I v the bears. . A number of large oper
ators recently on the bull side changed their
views and sold stocks to-day, and the lm
pr«salon on the market would undoubtedly
have been much more serious had It not been
for the remarkable strength and buoyancy of
several of the Vanderbllts. This Htrength ar
rested the liquidation and steadied the market
and the declines afterward on the general list
were not large, even when these stocks them
eelves reacted on profit-taking. The declines at
the opening were checked also by the execution
of commission-house orders which had accu
mulated over night. These were the principal
causes to neutralize the undoubtedly serious
view of the situation in Havana and' Its bear-
Ing on the relations between the United States
and Spain which is held in Wall street. There
was no news to account for the buoyancy of
the Vr.nderbilts beyond rumors of an Intended
change of policy In administration, looking to
the reduction of operating cost and an Increase
in dividends. The Grangers and the recent
speculative favorites. Union Pacific and North
ern Pacific, suffered from profit-taking. Lon
don Bold in this market, with a view to taking
profits on yesterday purchases or owing to
disquiet over the Havana incident, was not
clear. Net changes In prices generally are
on the side of losses.
Dealings In Bonds continued large, though
in somewhat reduced volume, and marked gains
were shown by some of the. higher-grade
Bonds. Total sales. $3,530,000.
United States 4's coupon were He lower bid
and the 2's Uc lower.
T..tal sales of stock* to-day, r.13.9"0 shares,
Inoludlnc: Atchlpon preferred 9MS. C. and O.
12 Hi Burlington 24.F.45. T. and N. 6515. Man
bn'tan 42.351. Metropolitan Stereet Railway
r '..i Michigan Central 4<".00. Hawaiian Com
mercial Company HOO, Reading preferred 3050.
Missouri F*>!flc v-70.v -70. Chicago. Indiana and
Louisville 3n<so New York Central 40.357,
Northern Pacific 13.437. do preferred 31.420.
Northwestern Terminal 3*15. Rock Island 7545,
St p au i 71".. Southern preferred SM, Union
Pacific ».40t Watmsh preferred 9*oß, Wheel-
Ing and L V 4350. American Tobacco 1650,
Chicago O. W. TRW. General Electric 1140,
Sugar 76.450, Western Union 4"32.
LONDON MARKET.
I NEW YORK. Jan. 13.— The Evening Post's j
London financial cablegram says: Profit taking
caused a general reaction In the stock mar
i kets here to-day, notably In stocks, which have
! recently risen sharply- Americans, after a re
j action, closed strong and the general outlook j
continued favorable. The weekly statement of
I the Bank of England shows that the coin and \
i bullion Increased £165.000, although £675.000
I net In (Sold was exported for the week, having
I returned from home circulation and from Scot-
I land. The decrease of £1.600.000 In other se
curities shows the maturity market hills held
I by the bank, the effect of which Is also shown
I In the decrease of £1.000.000 In other deposits.
The reserve Increased £800.000. Details of the .
Gold movement for the week show the export
' of £600.000 to Argentina, of £100.000 to Egypt
j .-,:, 1 £17.000 to Peru, and the receipt of £6000
from Paris and £24.000 from South Africa. No
I official announcement was made of the £100,
j 000 In Gold sent yesterday from the Bank of 1
Egypt and It was not generally known.
• :;. -...-: ----- -
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 13U Chi G w ... jr,
Do pref 10% ■ st P & Om.. 761*
j Bait & Ohio 13 I Do pref .. US
. Can Pacific -7 St PM £ M 113
: Can Southern ... 64 So Pacific 21U
i Cent Pac 11\ So Railway '.'.'.' Hi
■ Ches & Ohio .... L-\ Do JTef ' . . 30
Chi ft Alton 165*, I Tex & Pac .. URi '
! C B & Q 100% Union Pac ZMI
; Chi A E 111 55 U PD ft G. 9u
! C C C St L K% Wabash 7
Do nref go Do prof i<»u
: Pel & Hud 112 Wheel ft I. E 2*l
; Del Lft W 153 Do pref .. " 131"
I Den at R a 124 i Express Companies—
Do pref 47 1 1 Adam* rr\ 159
. Erie .new) n\ American Ex ... 111
Do Ist iref .... 3S= 8 ■ United States ... 41
! Ft Wayne 1654 Wells Fargo no
:Ot Nor pref 133 ; Miscellaneous—
i Hocking Val ■ \ ; A Cot Oil 22
1 Illinois Cent 107 j Do pref 71
] Lane Brie ft W.. 17 Arr.n Spirits 714
Do pref :■:._ Do pref is '
I lAke nore 17' Am Tobacco n%
i Louis ft Nash — 57* : Do pref U<
; Manhattan L 1 1ST* I People's Gas 964
i Met St Ry 133 Cons Gas ISO 4
i Mich Cent 105 Com Cab Co '"' '
! Minn A- St L 25 j Col F & 1r0n.... 25*»
Do Ist pref «>* • Do pref 70
Me Pacific 34 1 * ' Oen Elec .-::,
: Mnb .V Ohio .... 291, Illinois Steel .... 4*
i Mo X A T Laclede Gas mi
Do pref 36Vs,!Lead 36»i
Chi Ind & L.... tQ% Do pref 1061-1
Do pref 32Ui>«'at Lin Oil .. IS4
N J Cent 96 Or Imp Co 21U i
N V Cent 113% Pacific Mall 31 "
N V C & St L.. 14' 4 Pullman Pal .... 175
Do Ist pref 70 j Silver Cert ::\
Do 2d pref .... S3 j Stan R & T 34
Nor West 15 | Sugar 139\
•No Amer Co 44; Do pref HSU
! No Pacific 24*; |T C & Iron 26<S
; Do pref tt% j V B Leather .... S^k
I Ontario & W 16 Do pref 64 ;
lOr R & Nay 40 V S Rubber 15U ;
! Or Short Line .. 204 j Do pref f.v*
1 Pltt«burg I6.s4.West Union 91* 4 j
i Reading 224 C <«■ v w 1234
Do Ist pref 51*» j Do pref 165
; Rock Island 914iSt L & S W 4
i St L & S F 7'm I Do pref 94
Do Ist pref f,7« t ■ R G W 22
Do 2.1 pref 264' Do pref 5974 1
St Paul 90S Haw Com Co ... 30'; |
Do pref 14441
CLOSING BONDS.
!D S new 4s re« . 129Vi| Do deferred .... 34
Do coup 123% N J C si« 1114
C S 4s IIS IN Carolina 6s ... US
Do coup 114'; Do 43 101
Do Ma 100 No Pae lsts .... 117
US 5s reg 114*; Do 2s 62H |
Do 5s coup 114*; Do 4s 76 T ti
Dist 3 CTs 116 NVCftSt L - 107%
Ala class A 107 Nor & W 6s .... 123
Do H 107 i North wstrn con.. 145
Do C 100 , Do deb Is 117
Do Currency ... 100 O Nay Ist3 113*;
Atchison 4s tl\t O Nay 4s 94?,
Do adi 4s 594 O S ljine 6s tr.. 124>-
Can 80 2ds lOSv^ O B Line 5s tr.. 72*;
Cft N Ptr r.s . . vi- O Imp lsta tr.. 105
I C ft Ohio us .... 1144 Do 5a tr 4»i;
C H & D 445.... 104 V Pacific Sa of 95... 103>;
I) & R O lsts.... 10S4 Reading 4s .-) ; R
D & i: >; 4s .... SO 4 r G w lsts 84
I East Term lsts .. 106% 8 L & I M C 55.. 904
I Erie Gen 4s .... 714 B I. A S F G 65.. 117>;
1 F W D lsts tr.. 73'; St I" Con 140' 4 .
Gen Elec r..< .... 100-4 ! St P C & P lsts.. 1194
GII & S A 6a... 105 ! Do Is 116 1
Do 2.3s 102 8 Carolina non-f. >h ;
II & T C is 110 jSo Ry 5a .... 92\
Do con 8a 103 | Stan R&T la 6114
lowa c lsts 100 I Term new let la 87
Kan p Con tr.... !<2U i T & V L G lsts.. 994
X P Ist I) tr.... 11l Do rg 2ds ... 30
La new con 45.. 101 I Union Pac lsts .. 103
L & N Unl 45.... W4 U P D A G lsts. 534
Missouri 6s 100 j Wati Ist t.'s .. 10S4
M X & T Ma.... 63*; i Do Ma S2'i
Do 4s 87>i|W Shore 4s .... 1034
N V Cent lsts 1164; v a Centuries ii%
MINING STOCKS.
CholUr 25] Ontario 2 50
i Crown Point 20 Ophlr 35
I Con Cal & Va.. 100 Pi/moutn 08
j Deadwoed 1 25 Quicksilver 100
! Gould & furry .. 3" Do pref 900
i Hale & Norcrs .. 110 j Sierra Nevada ... H
j Homestake ..:... 37 00] Standard 130
I Iron Silver 35] Union Con 30
i Mexican 20! Yellow Jacket .. 30
aosn «.
1 BOSTON, Jan. Atchison, 12« i; Bell 2714;
C. H. and Q., 100<Ji; Mexican Central, 64: Ore
gon Short Line, 204: B. and M.. 145; B. and 8..
24.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Jan. 13— FLOUR— Receipts.
25.504 bbls: exports, "4,715 bbla. Continued de
void of feature aside from nominal steadiness;
city mill patents. jr. i.'.'aT. SO: city mill clears,
$5 3J.Q5 40; Minnesota, patents, J./o", 20: Minne
sota bakers'. $4 20^4 50: Minnesota straits, $4 40
©4 56; Minnesota extras, S3 40<&3 &5.
WHEAT— 24.975 bu; exports. 80.533.
Spot, steady; No. 2 red. II 01V Options opened
weak under bearish foreign markets. Argen
tine offerings and ehort selling, rallied later
on reporter) sales to France and domestic mill
ers, together with better late cables and local
covering: closed partly %c net lower: No. I
red January. • »7T4©'JSHc. closed 9SV4c; May.
91 !'-lCtjy2 3-16 C. closed &2%c.
HOPS— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
METALS— The general situation In the Metal
market presents no new features. At the close
the Metal Exchange calls:
PlOlßON— Warrants dull at $6 60 bid and
$6 70 a«ked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $10 85 bid and
»10 95 asked. .
TIN Firm at $13 SO bid and $13 90 asked.
SPELTER— Unchanged at $3 90 bid and $4
LEAD— Quiet at $3 82'i'93 67& bid. The firm
that fixes the *ettlinc price for miners and
smelters quotes Lead at $3 B.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, with prices
unchanged to 0 points net advance. Sales. 12,
750 bags, including March, $5 <!".. Spot Coffee—
Rio. dull: No.' 7 Invoice, lite; No. 7 Jobbing,
6>Uc: mild, quiet; Cordova, S»4@lsc.
I SUGAR— Raw. steady: fair refining. 3%c;
centrifugal. % t"!<t, 4 3-ific; refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts!, ISOO pkgs. Quiet; West
ern creamery, 14V4<320c; Elglns, 20c; factory,
Il«nse.
XC.OP R»oelpt«, MM pkKs. Steady; State
and Pennsylvania. 10f(22c; Western, lOi&fZlc.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Jan. California Dried
Fruits: Apples, firm; other fruits steady but
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 5<37%ie;
prime wire tray. S%c; wood-dried, prime. She;
Choice, B%ic: fancy, 9©«% c.
PRUNES— 36Bc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 7<SBV,c: Moorpark. 9*Tllc.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 7@loc; peeled, 12<320c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. I».— Weakness was again the
most obtrusive feature of the openlns pro
ceedings In the Wheat pit. May was for Mia
at from 90c to 90V*r. against 90%Q30V4c at the
close the day before. There were substantial
reasons for the opening decline. The Liver
pool market was %$ lower to begin with, and
a little later and still before trading com
menced here the decline, had deepened to a
loss of I>*'l to l>4d per cental. Paris was some
what lower at the -opening. The explanation
of the extreme weakness, at Liverpool wan that
Argentina was offering Wheat very freely.
London also .cabled that cargoes on passage
were very weak. A rise of M.c a bushel that
followed fifteen minutes of free selling was
partly due to fear of complications with Spain.
After this business was very light. The clos
ing quotations from foreign markets gave
TTTE SAX FRAXCTSCO CALL, FTUPAV, JAXT T AT*Y 14, 1898.
Liverpool resting at from %d to Id decline;
Paris Flour unchanged for January and 10
centimes higher for March and June; Wheat 10
centimes lower for January and 10 centimes
higher for March and June. Some buying or
ders from members of the bull clique changed
the complexion of the market In the last hour.
May had declined to 90c, but it wa* well sup
ported at that figure, not only by the Loiter
<!■■■« i. but also by shorts. The market rose to
90H&90%c, closing at POVic.
Corn was firm. The range of prices was
narrow. May closed a shade higher.
Oats were very dull. May closed unchanged.
Provisions were dull, figures showing a heavy
Increase In packing for the week had a bearish
Influence. At the close May pork was 7 1 c
lower. May lard "He lower and May ribs s'-»c
tower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open !
Wheat No. 2—
January iKii*. 1
May <w)i£
July SI
Corn No. 2—
January » 26%
May 29 '•
July ! so i
Oats No. 2—
May I 23%
July ! 2214
Mess pork, per bbl—
January
May 9 50
Lard, per 100 lbs— '<
January 4 72" ■
May 14 85
July 4 M :
Short ribs, per 100 lbs. I
January 4 65
May 4 SO
High.ll^ow.
:
! 90\i <x>H
90»i S9-*
mm. soy»
26»i 26H
m mi
So>» 30
I
23* i 2SU
22% I 22Vi
I ... .i
9 B2HJ9 *- l i,
475 4 67V
455 4 77H
i3O 4 87%!
4 (55 4mi
480 4 72.4!
i
I 90s;
90H
si
1 2<S%
29V*
: So>4
I 23^
22Vi
S 30
!4! 4 mt
4 mt
|4S7*
14 6214
4 71' >4
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
I dull and easy. No. 2 spring wheat, 86g8<>4c:
' No. 3 spring wheat. B<Vf?9T«:; No. 2 red. 90» 4 <^ '•
tl%e; No. 2 corn. 2* 7 -.'j 27.-: No. 2 oats. 23c; j
No. 2 white, f. o. b.. 2.">4c; No. 3 whit*, f. o. >
b.. •MKSe: No. 2 rye. 44Uc; No. 2 barley, f. ... :t: t
b.. 274fi364c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 IS4SI 23; !
i prime timothy seed. 12 774: mess pork, per
■ M.1.. 13 3099 35: lard, per 100 lbs.. $4 70; short
| ribs sides (loose). $4 50<£M 75: dry Halted shoul-
I ders (boxed), $4 75©5; short clear sides (box- !
ad), $4 80@4 90; whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gal.. $1 19.
Articles Receipts. Shipments, j
Flour, barrels 10.000 14.000
Wheat, bushels 20.000 IS. OOO
: Corn, bushels 356.01 X) 307,000
■ Oats, bushels 24* '"■<•" 225.000
Rye. bushels 13.000 4.000
Barley, bushels 45,000 6,000
[ On the Produce Exchange to-day the nutter
' market was steady; creameries. 14'3'19c; I
dairies, 11017 c: cheese quiet, Sig^^c; eggs |
I steady, fresh 20c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shlpmts. I
Cities— Bush. Bush.
Minneapolis 201. 450 35.U50
Duluth 65.898 9,167 I
Milwaukee 10.400
Chicago 10,073 IS. 383 I
Toledo 9,193 fi.ooo
St Louis 16.000 90.000
Detroit 5.64) 5.260
1 Kansas City 25,000 73.000
Totals 343.6DS 236,650
Tidewater —
Boston 37.4 M R. 472
New York 24,975 80.553
Philadelphia
Baltimore
; New Orleans i
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— Jan. Mar.
Opening 59 20 SS 10
Closing 69 40 68 35
Flour—
Opening 2$ 30 27 40
Closing 2S 25 27 60
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
Mar. May. July. Sept.
1 Opening 7 14 6 11% 6 ST» ...
Closing 7 1W 6 114 654 6 34
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKETS.
CHICAGO. Jan. 13.— CATTLE— Sales were on
a basis of $4(§4 M for common to medium lots
of steers, $4 75Q5 for Rood to choice shipping
beeves and $5 40<£5 £0 for fancy cattle; bulk of
the cattle selling at $4 35#6 10. Fed Westerns
i sol.l anywhere from $4jj4 80, a few going as
! high as $5: Mockers and feeders sold mostly
' at $3 Ss(f?4 35; prim'- feeders were held at $4 40
$H 50. Some prime native beef cattle sold for
$5 30® 5 40.
HOGS — Were lively at an average advance
of sc; hogs sold at an extreme range of J.( 4' 1
3 75. the bulk going at $3 60©3 70; pigs. $3 35
03 40.
SHEEP— Were wanted at 003 M for inferior
:non, up to $t : . ■ d to choice
flocks, and lambs were tn demand at J- 171
for Inferior to fair, up t 1 J" ■■■>-, *n for good
■ i There wag a Ix-tter demand for llght
welght sheep than f..r heav> -weights. Year
lings sold at $4 SOI
I: e'.pts— Cattle. 9000; Hogs. 27.000; Bheep,
12,000.
DENVER. Jan. 13.— CATTLE— Receipts. 300.
Market steady. Beef steers, $3 I0O4; cows, $2@
3 M; bulls, etc.. $1 75@2 40; stackers and feed
ers. $3 25^4.
HOGS— Receipts. 200. Market easy. Light
packers. »3 4<v33 60; heavy, $3 BS4f3 474: mixed,
$3 3563 45.
SHEEP— Receipts. 135. Market quiet; demand
good on muttons and lambs. Muttons. S3 60{j>
4 45: common and stock sheep, $2 75'a3 75;
lambs, $4@5 25.
OMAHA
OMAHA. Jan. 13.— CATTLE— Receipts. IRM.
Market strong. Native beef steers, $3 80<5j4 SO;
Western steers, $3 60*5.4 40; Texas steers, $3'<J
3 65; cows and heifers. J3fi3 80; canners. $2^
2 80; stockers and feeders. »3 60®4 50; calves, v
£6: bulls and stags, $2 5003 60.
HOGS— Receipts, BOM Market 6c higher.
Heavy. {.. *:,,: SB: mixed. $3 4."^3 50; light. »3 55
<&3 60: bulk of sales, $3 45Ji3 f>o.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2500. Market steady. Fair
to choice natives. $3 7094 40 f fair to choice
Westerns. $3 60© 4 25; common and stock sheep.
$3Q3 80; lambs, $4?;,' 80.
KANSAS CITT.
KANSAS CITY. Jan. 13.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, official, 4700. Market active and
strong Texas steers, strong to 10c higher.
quotable $3 7<>^4 60: Texas cows, X 65@3 IS:
native steers, S3 7504 93; native cows and
heifers, 52(54 25; atockera and feeders, $3ig i 4 90.
HOGS— Receipts, official, 16.100. Market
ot*ned 5(574c higher, closed easier. Bulk of
Bales. $3 50<g4 '7' : heavies. *3 45^3 65; park- '
en», $3 50«a3 674: mixed. 13 4501 65: lights. tt W
fti3 fiO: yorkers, $3 65@3 CO; pigs, SS in©! 35
SHEEP— Receipts, official. 10HO. Market
strong to 10c higher and active. Lambs, US
4 50; muttons, *3 75@4 35.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. Jan. 13.— Exchanges, $342.
818; balances. $;<1,027.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or.. Jan. ll— The local Wheat
market Is stlti In ;i sinking condition. Until
the foreign market striken the level It seems to
>.«■ l'".klns for it i>< apparent that but very
little business will t«» done. Quotations are
nominal. Walla Walla, 72c; valley and blue
stem. 74'tf75<~-
WASHINGTON.
TAfOMA. Jan. !».— WHKAT— DuII and low
er; No. 1 club, Tl'ic; No. 1 blue stem. 74V4c.
LONDON SHF.F.PPKIN SALES.
LONDON. Jan. 13.— A sale of 3200 Sheepskins i
was held here to-day. The offerings were
chiefly combine and practically all were sold.
This, with an Increased demand for roans, ap
preciably advanced prices. There was some
buying for America. To-day's offerings and
the prices obtained for clothing and combing
follow:
Queensland. 1104 bales. 2\fiT,\<\.
Melbourne. 140 bales. 3-Vri '.Hd.
South Australia. 386 balen. 3Vi«3SH<L
Tasmania, 2X7 bales. S%eS%d.
New Zealand. 633 bales. 2V't7d.
Natal. 61 bales. 4VI.
Punta Arenas. 159 bales. 3H' f W<id.
Buenos Ayres, 26 bales. 3^'s'4 7
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Jan. 13.— Consols, 112 13-16: Sliver.
26 11-1 M; French rentes. 103f lcic.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 13 .- Wheat, dull: No. 1
i standard California, 365; cancoes off coast, un
certain; cargoes on passage, very little doing;
English country markets, easy; French coun
try markets, quieter; Wheat In Paris, firm;
j Flour in Paris, firm. VkJEI
I COTTON— Uplands, 3 7-32 d.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
! WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.— T0-day's state
' ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $239,274,805; Gold re
serve, $161.952.778.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION. #
Sterling Exchange, GO days — %A 83\
Sterling Exchange. Hicht _ 4 tbhb
Sterling Cables — 4 s«
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — SO
Fine Silver, per ounce — 67*4
Mexican Dollars 47 47H
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
— — — *
WHEAT— The Rannockburn taken for Cork
14.049 ctls. valued at 120,897.
The ordinary grades of shipping are lower
and the shippers are out of the market, . but
there Is a Rood demand for choice milling; for
South Africa. Futures are oft npaln.
Tidewater quotations arc as follows: $1 374©
1 2** i for No. 1, $1 M for choice and $1 42'»» v
1 45 per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Sesslbn— 9:ls o'clock— — 4000 ctls,
JI3SH: 2000. $1 3514; "12.000. $1 &*»; 2000, U34V.
4* 000, $1 :c. 4
Second Session -May- 2000 rtlii, $1 35K: 14,000.
$1 35.
Regular Morning Session— May— s4,ooo ctls.
$1 3f.»V December-6000. tl ML; 4000, $1 2.'V
Afternoon Session May— lo.ooo nil, $1 35H;
1 10.000. 35; 8,000, »li',Vi: 12. 000. : $135*.
riARLEY— Bannockburn takes for Cork
64.641 ctls brewing, valnrd at $62,837.
The market la Inactive and unchanged.
Feed. 90@924c for dark to good and 9;>c
for choice; Brewing, 11 07401 10 for No * *
and Jl®l 024 per ctl for dark Coast.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales. • _
Regular Morning Session— May— 4000 ctls.
R%< . MS, &34c: 12.000. 84c.
Afternoon Session— May— 4ooo ctls, *«4c.
OATS— The free receipts from Washington
were all sold prior to arrival, hence cut no
figure. The market is strong at the receat
Improvement In prices.
Fancy Feed, SI 20@l 25 per ctl: (rood to
choice, $1 15,35 17 i4. common. SI 10@l 124:
Surprise. Jl 25®1 35" Red. SI 30«rl 40; Gray.
Jl llnei 174r Milling SI 074@l 12H: Black
for seed. $1 3601 50. Clipped Oats sell at Sl®
2 per ton over the raw product.
CORN—The market is still well supplied
and quiet at unchanged prices.
Small Round Yellow 97M:Cji$l per ctl; Large
Yellow. ;•?'.. -./..vi,,.. White. '90(5950.
RYE— SI 024« iO5
BUCKWHEAT— $1 r.o<?l 75 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFF3.
FLOUR— Net caßh prices are: Family extras.
*4 rr-^ 65; Bakers' extras. J4 30@4 40 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Price* In sacks are as fol
low, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. SS per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. S3 50 per 100:
Rice Flcur. $5 75; Cornmeal. J4 25: extra cream
do. S3: Oatmeal ' J2 50; Oat Groats, S4: Hom
iny. J3 10^3 30- Buckwheat Flour. $3 25«3 60;
Cracked Wheat S3 T. Farina, »4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour. S3 25; Rolled Opts <hbls). $5 70{J
6 90: In sacks J3 75- Pearl Barley. $4; Spilt
Peas, S3 60; Green do, «l 25 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Prices were without change yesterday. Hay
i ruled steady.
BRAN— $1S 50^19 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— 520C24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. 120321 per
' ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, J2* 60329 50:
Jobbing. $30: Cocoanut Cake. J19(?t2O; Cotton
seed Meal. 529f?30 per ton.
HAY— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat. $13 50
©16 per ton: Wheat and Oat. $13015: Oat.
Jl2*fl4: Barley, $12(513 60; compressed. $13 50<I?
;16 60: Alfalfa. $10 50<511 60: stock. Jlo<3ll 60;
Clover. S10«?12 per ton.
RTRAW— 30^45 C per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There is a steady demand in the country for
colored kinds, and the market Is firm at the
old prices.
BEANS — Bayos. S2 90(?3: Small 'Whites.
SI 25-g'l 40; Large Whites. $1 2001 36; Pinks.
SI 7c.<ri 85; Reds $1 50^1 70; Blackeye. $2 2f<?
2 60; Butters. SI 40<f?l 50; Llmas, SI 60^1 70;
Pea. SI 25*frl 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Rmwn Mustard. *3 i>er ctl: Yellow
Mustard, J2'*2 50; Flax. $1 5 J2: Canary Seed.
2U©2«ic perlb; Alfalfa. 3®6c; Rape, 2@2%c;
Hemp. 3c: Timothy. 5«-:C.
DRIED PEAS— SI 25: Green. SI t»9
1 40 per ctl.
POTATOKP. ONIONS. VEGETABLES.
Ther* is no particular change in anything.
POTATOES Enrly Rose, : River Re.is,
•tQMc; P.iver Burbanks. EOOttL; Oregon Bur
banks, M(MOc; Salinas Uurbanks. 7Sc*Tsl :
Sweet Potn' rr Ctl for Rivers and
•M?7sr for Me-ced; new Volunteer Potatoes.
2>>.r per TT>.
ONIONS— S2 :5«f2 50 per ctl; cut Onions. SI 50
ft? per Rack.
VEGETAP.r.ES— Marrowfat Squash. J1O5?12
per ton: ITubbard Squash. $10^12 per ton: Dried
Peppers. siJs6c per lb: Dried Okrr». 15c; Cab
bnce, 6Off?7sc per ctl: Carrots. 25^6'»c per sack:
Garlic. 3fT3Uc r-er lb: AsparaatM, SfflSc per lb.
Los Angeles Green Pea.'. 4'f?sc: String Beans.
— for poor nnd lft'ffir.c for good to choice: To
matoes, ISOTBc: Green Peppers. — per lb; Sum
mer Squash, 10t?l24c; Egg Plant. — per lb.
POULTRY AND CAME.
There will probably be two more earn of
Eastern on the market yet th!s week. Local
sto. k Is quiet and n^ I much ehan^ed.
Oame Is in fair supply :it the usual prices.
I-. .'I.TRY —
Live Turkeys, IMlllc for Gobblers and 1T<?1?.
for Hens; dressed Turkeys. IKjl3c per lb;
Geese, per pair. $1 ::• ■/ " 75 Ducks, J4 50-36:
Hens. ♦:; 6AQS: Roosters, young. $4 5095: do old.
13 sOfi4: Fryers. $4 50 ■ 1 75: Broilers. J4 s<Vfr4 7.'.
for large and 53-J?4 for small; Pigeons, SI .VKI2
per dozen for young an i SI for old
GAME— Quail, per do*. Si: Mallard, 5304;
Canvasback, 1394 SO: Sprig. SI 5091 75: Teal,
SISI 2': Widgeon. ♦■•:':" Small Ducks, fi:
Gray Geese. $:' 50: White, v. Brant. $1 MW?I 75;
Honkers, $4fr4 59: English Snip*. $2: Jack Snipe.
SI: Hare. Jl: Rabbits. US$l6O for Cot
tontails and 75c^?Jl for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EOGS.
Both Butter and Ergs are weak again, and
receipts of the latter are the largest for some
time.
BITTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creameries. 26527 c; sec
onds. 24625 c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 23®24c: lower grades,
21fi224c per Tb.
Eastern Butter— Creamery. 22^@24c; ladle
packed. I7',fi-Jlc p»r lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, ll@114c: com
mon to good. SgiOc: Cream Cheddar. lOOllc;
Young America. 114«l24c; Western. ll#12c:
Eastern. 12V-*?1314c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 25@26c per dozen; store
Eggs. 21024 c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
All descriptions remain about the same.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
franl-errl. J7SS per bbl ; Coos Bay. $1 50®
2 per box.
Apples, 255J40c per box for common, 50cCtl
for good to choice and $1 2.* for fancy;
Lady Apples. 50c@$l for large boxes.
Persimmons arc about gone.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 2f(3
I 25; Seedlings. &ocOsl 25; Mandarins. 1101 50;
Grape Fruit. 12 5004 per box; Lemons, 60c@
$1 for common an.) II 25<f?l 75 for good to
Choice; Mexican Limes, $r.i.". per box; Cali
fornia Limes In small boxes, "i-/7.v, Bananas.
$1 25-JT2 25 per bunch; Pineapples. J3@4 per
dozen.
DRIED FRI'ITS. RAISINS. NUTS. ETC.
The market for all kinds remains dull and
easy.
DRIED FRI'ITS—
Prunes, carload lots. 3%©4>,ic for 40-50's. 3ViO .
! 3%c for 50-Ws, 2-\©3\ic for 60-70' s. 2i;G2\c for ;
I 70-80's. l%«j2Vie for M-M*«, iv;©l%c for 90-100 a;
! Peaches. M>f£c; fancy. SS.'.'-jC. peeled. 10@
124 c; Apricots, si£6c foe Royals and rate fur
good to fancy Moorparks, evaporated Apples. '
»'./yT.-; sun-dried. 4V/44C; black Figs. In sacks.
2&2V»c; Plums. 4%<ii4»;c for pitted and l<&l%c
for unpltted; bleached Plums, 5@5!4c: Nec
tarines. 4ffsc for prime to fancy: Pears. 2%@
t\ic Cor quarters and 3'tfs4c for halves, accord
intt to color, etc.
RAISINS— New Raisins. 2V4@3c for two
crown, 4e for three-crown. Be for four-crown,
I &4c for Seedless Sultanas anil SI 10®l 15 for
London layers; dried Grapes. 2%c.
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at SolOc p»r
Ib; Walnuts, E#lo for hardshell and r ,-,
' for softshell: Almonds. 2V»«?3%c for hardshell,
h<a*r for soft shell and 70Sc for paper-shell;
1 Peanuts, 4©sM.c for Eastern and 4V4 for <>H
fornla; Pecans, 6%«Sc; Filberts. 8 - -»@lt>c; Bra
zil Nuts, MJtc per Ib; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 per '■
\ 100.
HONEY— New Comb. S«?10c for bricht and 5@ !
i - for lower trades; new water-white ex- ;
tracted, 4'4@sc; light amber extracted, 3%@4U0
I per lb.
BEESWAX— 23(f?2!> per m.
PROVISIONS.
The feeling Is firm and dealers are unwilling
to sell for future delivery at present prices.
CURED MKATS— Bacon. !«c! «c per rt> for
heavy. le for light mid urn. 10c Tor light. 104i_
for extra light and lie for sugar-cured; East- |
crn sugar-cured Hams. 10ViC?llc; California
Hams, tQttfcc; Mess Beef. $S 50 per bbl; extra
mess do, J9 50; family do. $!Udl2; salt . Pork.
JB@B £0; extra prime Pork. $9 50: extra clear,
! Jl6; mess. $14 60; Smoked Beef. U%»12%0 per
n>, ;
LAUD- Eastern tierces quoted at SVJc per Tb
for compound and 6c for pure; palls. 7c; Call- i
fornia tlprces, r.c per IT> for compound and «c
for pore; half-bbls. 6'ic; 10-lb tins, 7c; do 5-n>. ;
7%c t*r rt>.
COTTOLTSN'K—TIerces. sTi«6«4e: packages,
less than 300 Its— l-lb palls. 60 in a case. S%c: ;
3-tt) palls. 20 In a ense. SHe: B-Tb palls. 12 In a
rase. f-'-,c. 10-rb palls. 6 In a case. 84c; 50-tb
(Ins. one or two in a case. 7 5 ic: wooden buck- :
ets. 20 n>s not. T-ir; fancy tubs. SO tt>s net. "He;
half-bbls. about 110 rt">. 7\4c per rb.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
lit lc under sound stock. Heavy salted steers.
lOOUHc per lb: medium. 9c: llcht. 9c; Cow
hides, 9©9% c: Stags. 6c: salted Kip. 10c: Calf.
lie: dry Hides. 16c: culls and brands. 13c: dry
Kin and Veal MAIEc; dry Calf. ls*32oc; culls.
16frl7c: Goatskins, 20®37%c each: Kids. s@loc:
Deerskins. K ood summer. M(rMe per Ib: me
dium. 20c; winter. 10c: Sheepskins, shearlings.
?o*?Wc each: short wool. 404T70C each; medium.
70f?9dc: Ions; wools, POciffJl 30 «ach.
TAUjOW-N'b 1 rendered. ZfTV'.r per Tb: No.
2. ?*?2«4c: refined. 6c: Grease. 2S2<4c.
WOOL— Fall clip— Middle counties— free. 109
IV; do defective, lOiffllc: San Joaquln. defec
tive. 7<Jr9c: mth.-rn Mountain. Kffllc: free
Northern. 1?ifj11r: do defective. ■> 9®llc: Hum.
bol«1t and Mendoclno. 13<ft1T>c: Eastern Oregon.
MTIVr Voll-y Oregon, le^l^c.
TTOP!*— Old crop. 2^6c for poor to fair and I
@10c for good; new crop. ll@lsc per Ib.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, IS9B delivery,
nominal; Wool Bags, 27(!?30c.
COAL— Wellington. $8; New Wellington. $8;
Southfield Wellington. $7 60: Seattle. S5 60;
Bryant. %Z 50; Coos Bay. $1 75: W&llsend. V 00;
Cumberland. $14 60 in bulk and 116 In sacks;
, Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. *15; Cannel. $9 I
per ton: Rock Springs. Castle Gate and Pleas
ant Valley. $7 €0: Coke. ;13 per ton In bulk and \
115 In «acks. . •
• SUGAR The Western Suear Refinery. Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6 <.c: Powdered, fi%c; Dry
Granulated. 6%c: Confectioners' A. 5%c: Mag
nolia A. 6%c: Extra C. 6Vic; Golden C, 54c:
Candy Granulated. 5%c: California A. 54c per
Ib; half-bbls iic more than barrels, and boxes
%c ■ more. . .--•• ■ - . "
KAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed beef stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
! B E£K--Hlr«t quality. 6<iiy7c: second do, s*4©
sc: thiid ,i ... 4fJsc per lb.
SfvlUc LL * rK ''' *it*e; "mall. 6£7 c per lb.
MUTTON- Wethers. 6©7 c; ewes. «c per On
LAMB-Sprlnjr. nominal.
*.£?£ K ~; LIVe ITo . - 3 s i«?3T;c for large and
!>;:l,y! >; :I ,y for LmallL mall and 3Vt«3Hc for medium;
soft Hog*. 2%©3% c; dressed do. 6©6V4c per lb.
nECEIITS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday. January 13.
Flour qr sks ... wtl. Quicksilver, flsk. 120
\^heat. ctls .... 7.847 Km. doz 9.570
Harley. ctls 61,<?0 ivits. Mis 125
Hutter. ctls 274 | Urn, bbla v • 162
Cheese, ctls v 7 Leather, rolls .. 42
Tallow, ctls .... 273 ' Middlings, sks .. *<3
«>nts. ctls ISO Hran. Fks 209
Corn, ctls 310 ! Onions, pk» 106
Rye. ctls im Potatoes B ks ... 3,307
Hides, no SM! Deans, sks 54S
Wine, pals 56.9501 Hay. tons 316
Brandy. gals .... 1.800 Wool, bales 8
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr Bks ... 3.066 Bran. skii .... 3.900
Wheat, ctls 2.370 Flaxseed. sks .. 605
Oats, ctls- 6.070
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks .. M|
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks did better yesterday and an
advance of several cents was scored. Sale*
were rather more liberal In several stocks.
The Belcher assessment sals takes place to
day.
The Pacific Vinegar and Pkkle Works has
declared Its regular monthly dividend of 10c
per share and an extra dividend of 10c per
share, both payuble now. This makes Just
one hundred dividends declared by this local
factory.
The Montana Ore Purchasing Company de
clared a regular quarterly dividend of $1 per
share, payable January 15.
The annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Spring Valley Water Company was held
Wednesday. There were 81.000 shares repre
sented out of a possible 133.000 shares. The
Income failed to meet expenses and dividends
by $7«53. thus reducing the surplus to $175,901.
The number of rate payers Is 41.022, a gain of
534 over 1596. The consumption of water In I»W7
was 8.677.000,000 gallons, an Increase of 900 000 -
000 gallons. The election for directors fn r the
I coming year resulted In the selection of Charles
Webb Howard. A. H. Tayson. G. W. Beaver
j S. C. Hlgelow. Charles H. llishop. A. Borel.
H B. King.
The Consolidated St. Oothard Gold Mining
Company has re-elected the old directors and
officers for 189S, with J. F. liolllng as sec
retary.
The Rrunswlck Consolidated Mining Company
of iJrnss Valley has re-eI.M-ted the old direc
tors and officers for IS9B. with J. Stmltftld Jr
as secretary.
The Bullion Mining Company has re elected
the old board of director* for isms, with Thomas
Cole :■-• president an.! it. it. Qraysoa secretary.
In the Savage Mining Company's ground on
the Comatock lode, -luring th.> past week, on
the 500 level, the west cro— cut started fr..m
the north lateral drift from a point IX f. .-i
north of main west cr«ss<-ut. has been ad
vanced 13 feet; total length, us feet: face in
. porphyry. <>n the iso level th.> main west drift
| has b.-en cleaned out and repaired a dista:; :«
of 17 feet; total length. 21'S feet. Brunswick
: 1. d.» fiOO level— the north drift has been ex
1 tended 16 feet: total lenirth, 311 feet north of
•oath line: face in porphyry and ijuartz giving
low assays.
Th.- Joint Confidence, Challenge Consolidated
an.l Consolidated Imperial wt-«t crosscut No. 1
fr<>m the surface tunnel la r.ut 1 T< '3 feet, hav
iiiK been advanced -" feet during the past
wi--k; the face showa porphyry, and there is
still a strong flow of water.
Xn work mi .lon>- In the Confidence mine
during the past wetk i tpentftOlM on com
pany account are confined t<> the Joint west
CTOMCUt fr"m the snrfa< •■ tunnel.
In the ConaoUdaiad Imperial mine the sur
fmee tunnel is now in 44* (Vet from the south
line, ly feet having hr— n made during the week;
111.- face is in old finings.
In the Crown Point mine the southeast cross
cut from the end of the south drift on the 700
foot level has been advanced 21 feet for the
week, and Is now out 43 feet: the face is in a
mixture of porphyry, clay and quartz, from
which low as.-ays are obtained. Repairs In the
shaft above the 1100 foot level are still under
way. The Joint Belcher-Crown Point west
crosscut from the top of Belcher raise No. 1.
SSO level, has been driven 5 feet for the week
and has been stopped; total length. 125 feet.
The Crown Point has Joined the Belcher In con
tinuing the latter's No. 1 raise up to the 70«
foot level. It has been advanced 3 feet for the
week.
In the Belcher mine, on th* 1100 foot level,
the east crosscut from the north drift from the
incline Is out 43 feet, having been advanced
6 feet for the week: the face Is in quartz giv-
Ing low assays. On the <•" foot level the west
crosscut from the top of upraise No. 2 is out
66 feet, 17 feet having been made during the
week: the face is In clay and quartz. The Join-
Belcher and Crown Point west crosscut from
the top of upraise No. 1 is out 125 feet. 5 feet
having been made during the past week: th.
face shows clay. This crosscut has been stop
ped for the present and work on upraise No.
1 has been resumed, which upraise is now up
45 feet above the SSO level, having been ad
vanced 3 feet during the week: the top is in
quartz giving low assays. There has been
hoisted during the week and stored in the ore
house at the mine 30 mining car loads of ore.
the average top car sample of which grave
an assay of $27 M per ton.
The yield of the Overman mine for the pas»
week amounted to 7 car loads of ore. the aver
age car sample assay <■( which was $22 09 per
ton. There is no material change In the con
dition of the mine.
HOARD SALES.
Fi.llowtnp were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board y-st«i!.iy :
Regular Session — 9:30.
SOO Belcher 38! 50 Mexican 25
400 Hes» ft: Belcher. 50 400 Occidental 1 *»
100 Challenge 21 100 Sierra Nev 60
100 Choi tar ** i COO Union Con 38
450 Con Cal & Va..120;200 37
100 Crown Point ... 27 i SCO Yellow Jacket .. 35
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 33)300 31
100 Best A Belchr.. 4". 300 Occidental 145
350 hollar 23 600 Potosl 30
■ 200 Confidence SO 100 Savage 17
1 50 Crown Point ... 25 200 Union Con 36
>(«> Justice 3n
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Regular Session — 10:30.
•wv) Belcher 391200 n
<00 H 600 Potosl 32
300 Ml A Belcher. 4S SOO Savage ia
100 Challenge 21 1000 S B & M 07
SX) Chollar M 1300 Sierra Nevada. El
800 Con Cal <£• Va..l 20 400 60
1000 Con New York. M 300 HI
100 Crown Point ... 27 SCO Union Con 40
500 Gould & Curry. 33 200 37
EM 34;300 3$
SOO Justice 32 1000 35
300 Mexican 24 700 Yellow Jacket . 3.'.
200Ophlr 66 300 34
1100 Overman 12'3u0 33
Afternoon Session.
NOAIta 121200 53
300 Belcher 34 1 200 Overman 11
300 3:. .-.00 12
1000 Bullion 04:300 Potosl 31
200 Con Cal & V.I 174 I 200 Savage ' 17
100 Crown Point X Sim Sierra Nev 55
Ma 25 200 m
200 Gould A Curry.. 33 500 Union Con 36
TOO Justice 32! 500 Utah M
400 Mexican 23 300 Yellow Jacket... 34
Ophlr 55 500 32
200 54
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Jan. 13—4 p m.
Alpha — OS 'Julia 01 03
Alta 13 Justice 30 32
Andes 11 12 Kentuck 05 06
Belcher 33 34 Mexican 21 23
Best & Relchr. 44 43 Occidental 145 —
Bullion 04 05 Ophlr 53 54
Caledonia — 20 Overman 11 12
Chollar 24 25 Potost 2:* 31
Con Cal & Va.l 10 1 15! Savage 16 17
Challenge Con. 21 23|Seg Belcher ... 06 07
Con Imperial.. 01 02 Scorpion — 06
. Confidence 75 7S Sierra Nevada. 54 63
; Crown Point .. 24 25 1 Silver Hill .... 04 05
I Con New York. — 0': Standard 145 —
Eui-rKa Con .. 2.> — j Union Con .... 33 35
Gonld A Carry. 32 33] Utah" 09 10
Hale oc Norcrs.l 25 1 30 ' Yellow Jacket. 31 32
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Jan. 13—2 p. m.
Bid.AskeJ Bid. Asked
V S lionds— Oakland Gas.. 55% —
Is quar c0up. .114 115% Pac Gas lm.. 93' 4 94
4s quar re*. .112 — Pac LCo 56 664
4b quar new ..125 — S FG & E.. 94*; 95%
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3 VI 3H
Cal-st Cab 55. 112% — Stockton lias. 14% —
Cal El. L 68.1261*- — Insurance—
C C Wat 55. .100" — Flrem-s Fnd..lS3 —
Dup-st ex c. — 984 Bank Stocks—
E L A P 65. .129 — Anglo-Cal .... EM —
FA Ch Ry65.116 — Bank of Ca1.. 247% —
Geary-st R ss. — 101 ; Cal S D & T.. 99 101
Hi" & S 5%. .102 107 First Nat ....195 200
LAL Co 65.. — ion Lon I" & A.... 129 130%
Do gntd 6s. 99%101 Mer Exchnge. 12 — ,
Market-«t 6s. .126 —. i Nev Nat 8...150 —
Do Ist M55.113HU4 ! Savings Banks—
NatVln «s lsts — 100 Ocr S & L..1475 1620
NCg Ry 75.. 994101 Hum S & L.1050 1160
H Ry Cal 65..105% — , Mutual Say. 35 :40
NRy Cal 65. .102 — S F Say U.. 473 . —
NPC Ry «j».IO4VJ — SA L, 50.... — 100
NPC Ry ss. 99% — Security Sv. 250 . —
Oak Gas r.5.,.104 — Union T to. TSO —
Do 2d Is 55. .111 112 Street Ral'/-oad—
Om Ry 65... .128 130 California ....108% —
j P& O Ry 6s.HO 115 Geary 40 . — .
I PA CH Ry65.103% — Market-st .... 52% 53
Powell -st ..120 124 Oak SLi H. — —
Reno WLAL.. — 105 Presidio 7 —
j Sac Elecßyss. — 10.1 Powder—
S F & N P 55.104%105>4 California .... 9241074
S P of Ar 65101%102 E Dynamite ..So 90
S P Cal SS....MH 110, Giant Con Co 37% 37%
SPC Ist eg ss. 964100 ' Vlgorlt 3H 3Ti
i S P Br 65... .109 109% . Miscellaneous—
S V Wat Bs.. 1194 — Al Pac Assn.. 93%100U
S V Wat'45..102%102% Ger Ld Wks.lOO —
Stock Gas 65. .100 — ■ H C AS Co.: 30% 80S
Water— . ; Hutch S P Co. 40Vi 404
Contra Costa. 51 67 ] Mer Ex Asn.. 90 —
Mann Co .... 60 — Nat Vtn Co .. — '7%
Spring Val ...100* — Oc SCo 34% 35»i
Gas & Electric— ' p ac A F Al.. 1 2%
Cent Gaslight. SS>i — i Pa c Bor C 0... 92 —
Capital Gas... — — p ar Palnt Co . 6* —
M E L C 0.... 15V4 15%
MORNING SESSION— IO:3O.
25 Alaska Packers" Association 99 75
60 Anirlo-Ca! Rank, 8 20 ."6 50
25 Giant COO Co 37 50
225 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar .... 30 25
• " do do 30 37Vi
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 33 50
44 s r Gas and Electric 95 25
5 Spring Valley Water 100 23
$3000 S F and X P Ky Honda 104 62^
200 Vigorit Powder 75
100 do do b 3 3 75
Street—
20 Market-street Railway 52 75
AFTERNOON* SESSION.
40 Giant Powder Con 37 50
200 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar ... 30 25
75 Hutchlnson S p Co 31 75
100 do do s3O !.! 39 75
50 do do 40 00
100 do do tOSS
50 do do .. 40 37%
200 do do 40 .10
50 Market-street Railway .-.; -->
150 Mutual Electric Light 15 50 '
50 do do s9O ..'. 15 50
9 Pacific Gas Imp 93 50
70 S F Gas and Electric 95 25
90 do do : 95 00
105 Spring Valley Water 100 25
$10 0 Spring Valley ta Bond 3 102 73
$."000 S F & N P Ry Bonds 104 75
Street —
30 Mnrket-street Railway 52 75
$6000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 102 00
l"0 Spring Valley Water 100 25
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. |
Empire „
Chllkat
San Jose
Del Norte
A ream
Columoia
Peru
Homer
Wellington
Mackinaw
Weeott
Pomona.
Crescent City..
Santa Rosa ..
UmatlJla ... . |
Australia
Coos Bay
Slate or Cat
A Blanchard.. ..
Colon
North Fork.
Queen |
Coos Bay
Eel River
Xanalmo
Grays Harbor
Coos Bay
Portland
China and Japan
Coos Bay
Departure Bay
Tacoma
Hum Do Id Bay
Humboidt Bay
Crescent City
San Diego
Victoria & Pusret Sna ...
Honolulu
New port
Portiana 
Oregon ports
Panama
mimooidt
iSanDle^o
Jan H
Jan 14
Jan U
Jan 15
Jan 15
Jan 15
Jan 15
Jan 13
Jan 15
Jan 16
I Jan 1«
i.iati IT
Jan 17
iJan 17
'Jan 17
Jan 19
Jan iy
Jan 2U
Jan 20
Jan 20
Jan 21
Jan 21
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steaxek. j
NATION
Sails.
Pomona... Ilunihlilt Bay. Jan U. 2 PM.Pler 9
Czarina.... Coos Bay Ju 14, 6 pm Pier 8
President. Y.viulna Bay. Jan 15, i) am Pier 4
ui:een San Dle<ro. J:in 15. U am Pier 11
"'-'<• rhina&Japan. Jan 15. 1 PM PM SS
Kxeeis'or . AlMka Jan 15. 4 PM Pier 28
Walla WUa Vie * p Sound J;in MS, 8 a>! Pier 9
Arcata. Coon Bay Jan I*>. 10 am Pier 13
Hotnor Newport. Jan IT. 9 AM Pier 11
DelNorte.. Grays llarbo>- Jan IT, U MPler 2
Columbia.. Portlaoo.. .. Jan is. 10 am Pier 24
CltyofSyd Panama Jan lv 12 mPM SS
Hombldtßay. Jan 1-, y am Pier 13
Santa Rosa San D:<>tro.... Jan 19, 11 am Pier 11
Crescent C Crescent City. Jan », 3 pm PlerSß
Chlikat.... »i Hiver Jan 19. y am. Pier IS
San Jose. .. San Jose de G Jan 20, Is mPM SS
Coos n.iv.. Newport Jan n. \> am Pier U
Umatllla. Vio & Pert Snd Jah 21, 9am Pier 9
State u f C'al Portland Jan 2\ 10 am Pier M
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
United States Coast and Geodetic Burr«y
Tim.-* and Heights of High and Low
\\ateis at Fort Point. Entrance to San
franclsco Hay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front . MissL.n-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide 1s the Ram* at both places
JANUARY— 1898.
I Ffle . Time Tin,, Timely
1* 3:i»| 6.2; si 131 list i£y iRy — Tf
15 4:30 5.4; 11:24! L.li 5:60 3.5 10 : 40 \\
1« s:lti 5.6 12:31 0.5| T:2S 3 5 UK 27
IT ti:OSI 5.7 1:331 ' 0.0 B:si 37
L W HW| 11/w H*W
IS 0:41 3.1 7:04 ' 5.9 2;»i 0.5 9:53 4 0
W 1:41 SJ B W 8.1 o::n -0J M:M 4
M 2:43! 3.2 s : .v, 6.2; 4 .ii - i.i 11:33! 45
,1
.v, V* " *>■' v " exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
clay in the rd?r of occurrence as to time The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
arnl the last or right hand column gives the
• Of the ilav. except when th»re are but
thr^- u.les. as sometimes occurs. The heights
gn. are additions to the soundings <> n the
I nlted States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the helehtand
then the number given is subtractive from the
depth given by the charts.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the Tnite.l States Hydroprnnhlc
Office, located In the Merchants 1 Exchange la
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariner* without regard to nationality and
fr--.- •■:' expense.
Navigators are cordially invite,! to visit the
Office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for •' mparlson and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
Of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele- i
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
neon and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, ;
by telegraphic signal received each day from I
the I'nlted States Naval Observatory at Mare :
Island, »":U.
A notice stating whether tne time ball was i
dropped on time or clving the error, if any. Is 1
published the san-.e day by the afternoon pa- ,
pen, and by the morning papers the following
day. W. S. Ht'GHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Columbia River Light Vessel No. 50.
Office Tnl'M States Light-hov^e Inspector, '
Portland. Or., January !'\ IS9B.
Notice is hereby given that on or about !
January 1.". IM*'n. Light Vessel No. 50 will be '
I r< placed on her station, off the entrance to the 1
I Columbia River, about 8 l * miles Sby W. 78
W, fr "in Cape Disappointment Light-house, i
and Lleht Vessel No '" '• — "irarlly marking!
the station, will be withdrawn.
No < liange. has been m 1 . .1 Light Vessei I
No. SO as to characteristics of light, fog sig
nal or general appearance.
This notice afreets the List of Lights and
Fog Signal*, Pacific Coast. 1S1«7. patje 20. No. j
1"C and the List of Beacons and liuoys. Pa
: ciflc Coast. IS?6. pages 36 and 41. By order of
the Light-house P... a rd. GEO. C. REITER.
Commander, L*. S. Navy, Light-house In- j
■Bactor.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrosjraphic Office. V. S. N , Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, .ranuury
The time hall on Telegraph Hill was
dropped exactly at noon to-day — 1. c. . at noon
Of the 12<">th meridian, or exactly at S p. m.,
Greenwich time. W. S. HIOHES.
Lieutenant D. S. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. January 13.
Stmr Alameda. Van Oterendorp, 24 days fm
Sydney, via Honolulu € days 22 hours; pass
and mdse. to J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Czarina, Hum, 50 hours from Coos
Bay; mdw, to J I> Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Bonita, Nicolson, M hours from San
Diego, etc; produce, to Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Point Arena. Hanson, 14 hours from
Mendoclno; pass and nidse, to Mendoclno
Lumber Co.
St:nr Pomona, Cousins, 17 hours from Eure
ka; pass and mdse. to Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Queen, Dehney. 61% hours from San
Diego and way ports; pass and mdse, to Good
all. Perkins & Co.
CLEARED.
Thursday. January 13
Haw bark Mauna Ala, Smith, Honolulu;
California Feed Co.
SAILED.
Thursday. January 13.
Stmr Progreso, Storrs, Seattle. -•' .;
Stmr State of California, Green, Astoria.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro.
Ship Hecla, Nelson. Tacoma.
Br ship Bannockburn, Christie, Queenstown
Bktn Gardiner City, Masters.
Schr La Chilena. Campbell, Fort Ross.
Schr Lizzie Prlen. Hanson. Coqullle River
Schr Monterey, Beck. Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS-Jan .13-10 p. m.— Weather
cloudy; wind SW; velocity 6 miles.
i >A M BBTIC PORTS.
NEW WHATCOM- Sailed Jan 12— Schr Jo
seph RUM, for Miss Landing
TATOOSH— Paased Jan 13-Stmr City of
Puebla. hence Jan 11 for Victoria; Br stmr
Wellington, from Nanalmo for San Francisco
ri.U.I.AM i:\Y-In bay Jan 13-Bark Alex
McNeil, from Seattle for San Frar.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Jan 13-Stmrs Signal and
Alice Blanehard, for San Francisco.
REDON DO— Sailed Jan 13— Sc.hr Ruby A
Cousins, for San Diego.
SAN' PEDRO— Arrived Jan 13— Schr G W
Watson, from Port Blakeley.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Jan 13— Jap stmr Matsuy
ama Maru, for Yokohama; bark Mercury, for
Dyea; bark Wilna, for San Francisco; stmr
Lakme, for Dutch Harbor.
F< >RT BRAGG— Arrived Jan 13-Schr Barba
ra Hernster. hence Jan H.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Jan 13— Stmr Cleone,
from Albion.
VENTlßA— Arrived Jan 13-Stmr G Loomis,
hence Jan 12. and sailed for Sao Francisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Jan 13— Stmr Lakme. for
I'nalaska.
El'REKA— Arrived Jan 13— Stmr Westport,
hence Jan 11.
Sailed Jan 13— Stmrs Weeott and South Coast
and schr Mary Buhne and Fortuna. for San
Francisco; stmr Pa.sa.lena. for San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Sailed Jan l^-Schrs Seven Sis
ters. Daisy Rowe and Guide, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Jaa 13— Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco. - .
POKT AXGKLES-In bay Jan 13— Br bark
Wllhelm Tell, from Fort Townsend.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Jan 13— Schr Ve
ga, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed Jan 13— Schr C S Holmes,
from Kan Pedro for Port Btakeley. 
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 12— Stmr Ad
vance, from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SYDNEY— Arrived Dec 14— Br bark Wool
lahia, from Eureka.
FKEEMANTLE- ArriVed Dec s— Br bark
City of Adelaide, hence Auk 19.
ADELAIDE— Dec B— Bark McNear,
hence Sept 19. 11 „. ■_ •
lIAHUKOXA- Arrived prior to Dec 21— Schr
John <; North, hence Nov 16. '_ - - •
KAHULUl— Arrived Dec 23— Brig Lurlim-, he
Dec 12. 30— Bkta Mary Winkleman, hence pec
1C; schr Mildred, from Honolulu; Bktn Eure
ka, from Eureka. ' *„ _
•Sailed Jan I— Brls Lurllnr. for San Fran
cisco.
H I hi )— Arrived prior to Dec Schr J M
Colman, hence Dec 4; Haw bark Santiago, he
Dec 9.
PORT ADELAIDE— In port Dec 20— Br bark
Wlndruah, for Oregon.
MELBOURNE— In port Dec 20— Ship Louisi
ana, for San Francisco via Newcastle, NBW ;
l.ark Snow & Burgess, for San Francisco via
Newcastle, NSW. _
SYDNEY— SaiIed Dec »— ship General
Gordon, for Kan Francisco; Br ship Tamar.
for San Francisco.
In port Dec 20— Schr King Cyrus, for Hono
lulu via Newcastle, NSW; Br ship Marlon In
glis, for Oregon; Br ship Grontes, for Ore
gon; bktn Robert Sudden, for Honolulu via
Newcastle, NSW; Mr shlv» Kamanoff. for Ore
gon; Br ship Socotra. for San Francisco; bark
Undaunted, for San Francisco; Br bark Wuol
lahra, for San Diego via Newcastle. NSW .
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Nov Nor
ship Prince Robert, for San Francisco. 26—
Bktn Uncle John, for Kahulul. 28— Br bark
Invercoe, for San Francisco. Dec I— Br bark
Helen Denny, for San Francisco. 16 Schr In
ca, for Honolulu, 18— Schr Olga, for Honolulu.
In port Dec 20— bark Dominion and bark
Sonoma,, for San Francisco.
Chartered to load at Newcastle, NSW— Br
ship Ardencralg, for San Francisco; Br bark
Broughton, for San Francisco; schr Carrier
Dove, for San Francisco; bktn Chas F Crock
er, for Honolulu; schr Defiance, for Honolulu:
Br ship Drummulr, for San Francisco; bark
Gen Falrchlld. for San Francisco; Br ship
Glfford, for San Francisco; schr Golden Shore,
for Honolulu; schr King Cyrus, for Honolulu;
Nic bark Leon, for San Francteco; ship Louis
iana, for San Francisco; bark McNear, for
Honolulu; Br ship Port Logan, for San Fran
cisco; schr Robert Searles, for Honolulu; bktn
Robert Sudden, for Honolulu; Ital ship Royal
Sovereign, for San Frnacisco: bark Sea King,
for San Francisco; bark Snow & Burgess, for
San Francisco; Br ship Springburn, for San 
Francisco; Br bark Woollohra, for San Diego.
NAVIDAD— Sailed Jan 13— Schr J B Leeds,
for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 19— Bktn W H Dl
mond, hence Dec 1. 20 — Schr Robert Lewers,
from Port Townsend; bktn S G Wilder, hnc«
Dec 6; whal bark Horatio, hence Nov 30. 21 —
Bktn Encore, from Caleta Buena: schr Emma
and Louise, from San Diego. 22— Br stmr
Aorangl. from Victoria; U S stmr Adams. I'm
Hllo. Bktn Kllkltat. rrom Port Gamble.
24— Brig W c, Irwin. hence Dec 12. 2&— Bark
Martha Davis, hence Dec 12. 31— Brig John D
Spreckels, from Eureka. Jan — Br stmr Do
ric, hence Dec 28: stmr Australia, hence Deo
28; bktn Arago. from Westport. NZ: ship W
F Babcock, from Baltimore. 6 — Stmr Alame
da. from Sydney.
HONOLULU— SaiIed Dec Haw stmr Chi
na, for San Francisco. IS — Nor ship Dram
men, for Port Townsend. — Whal bark Ho
ratio, for coast of Japan. 22 — Br stmr Aoran
cri. for Sydney. Scbr Mildred, for Kahu
lui to load for I San • Francisco. 25— Br stmr
Mlowera, for Vancouver; stmr City of Peking,
for Yokohama. 30— Schr W H Talbot, for San
Francisco. — Bktn Archer, for San Fran
cisco; bark Albert, for San Francisco: schr
Transit, for San Francisco: bktn W H Dl
mond, for San Francisco: brig W G Irw'ln. for
San Francisco. 4 — Bark Fresno, for Port
Townsend; Br stmr Doric, for Yokohama.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Jan 8— stmr Brae
mar, for Tacoma.
HIOGO— In port Dec 15— Ger ship D H Wat-
Jen, for San Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 13— Stmr Massilla,
for Marseilles; stmr Teutonic, for Liverpool;
stmr New York, for Southampton; stmr Carls
ruhe, for Bremen.
GENOA— Arrived Jan Stmr Kaiser Wll
helm 11, from New York.
Sailed Jan 13 — Stmr Ems, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Jan Stmr Ma
jestic, for New York; stmr Belgenland, for
Philadelphia.
COPENHAGEN— SaiIed Jan 13— Stmr Hekla,
for New York.
CHERBOURG— SaiIed Jan 12— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, for New York.
LONDON— Sailed Jan — Stmr Manitoba, for
New York.
PHILADELPHIA— Jan 13— Stmr
Rhynia'id. from Liverpool.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed Jan 13— Stmr Rotter
dam, for New York.
IMPORTATIONS.
COOS BAY— Per Czarina— ll42 tons coal. 40
eds matchwood, 800 bxa apples, 210 pkgs broom
handles, 14 pkgs butter, 8 ca eggs, 1 tub but
ter, l bbl potatoes, 4 bales flannels, 3 boxes
mdse, 3 pkgs hides, 12 oil tanks, 11 cs bottles,
2 sks coin, 5 pkgs express. ,:.
EUREKA— Pomona— bxs fish, S hxs a
plates, 4 bdls skins, 1 bdl sacks, 1 crt stove,
87 M ft lumber, 1 cs groceries, 3 pkgs 'mdse,
2 bxs saddlery, 151 bxs apples, 2 cs eggs, 2 cs
shells, 1 bdl hose, 1 dog, 10 pkgs express. 1 sk
coin, 4 sks sand. 4 bdls svrips, 12 chain plates,
123 pkgs bolts. 16 sks iron, 2 bxs drugs, 8 crts
sash, 129 doors, 1 cs milk, 1 cs adv matter, 32
bxs butter, 2 cs dry goods, 116S M shingles.
ER & E R R— 7l bxs 20 hf-bxs nsh. 112 bxa
3 kegs butter, 3 cs hardware. 25 cs condensed
milk, 2 crts machinery, 17 bbls salmon, 1 pkg
mdse. 23 6ks peas, 070 sks potatoes, 11 rolls
leather, 365 bxs apples, 3 dr veal, 1 crate 21
doors. 2 bdls springs, 1 cs furs. 1 bdl saws.
MENDOCINO— Per Point Arena— l7s M feet
lumber.
SAN DIEGO— Per Queen— S bxs cartridges,
29 cs eggs, 12 bbls '-How, 134 bdls hides, 4 bxs
grape fruit, 72 pkgs mdse, 1 bx music, box. 337 .
bxs oranges. 226 bxs lemons, 19 bxs limes, 12
bbls 2 cs beer, 1 cs notions. 66 hf-bbl9 pickled
fish, 109 bdls dried fish, 5649 sks barley, 16 bxs
tangarlnes, 1 keg olives, 1 cs stationery, 1 case
dry goods.
Redondo — bxs lemons, 16 bxs ornges, 1 bx
i beeswax, 2000 sks barley, 3 pkgs mdse. 1 calf
f 1 bull.
Port Los Angeles — 7 pkgs mdse. 43 hxs typo,
7 cs 74 chests tea.. 1 cs cigars. 2 cs neckwear,
1 ek nutmeg. 21 os spice. 1 pkg paper, 2 sleds,
2 cs groceries, 28 cs machinery. 1 sk mustrd.
8 cs oil, 1463 sks barley. 12 sks peas, S9 bx9
oranges, 12S cs honey. 2 sks cement. 18 bxs
lemons, 22 crts tomatoes.
Santa Barbara— l sk mustard, 1 bale rugs, 1
bx Jap goods, 35 bxs lemons, 1 cs cigars. 1 bdl
canvass. 13 ska crawfish, 1 bx beer, 2 bdls
sleds. 3 bills snow shoes, 1 bdl sacks.
Port Harford— bxs butter. 1 sk harness. 1
crtd cart. 2 pkgs mdse. 3 bxs fish, 1 crt goat.
5 ska wheat, 2 sks barley, 264 sks beans. 1 bx
i gloves, 2 dr calves. 1 cs same, 2 crts geese,
10 bbls brandy, 5 coops chickens, 1 cs patterns.
161 f k - s dried fruits. 52 cs eKKS - 14 bdls hides.
SAN PEDRO— Per Bonlta— B6ls sks barley
East San Pedro— cs mdse.
HONOLULU AND SYDNEY— Per Alameda—
119 bales skins. 1323 ingts tin. 70 cs kauri gum
781 bunches bananas, 70 bales wool. 2 bales
horse hair. 73 cs fruit. 112 cs palm seed, 23
csks pelts. 7 cs books. 32 bxs sovereigns, value
£160,000. 55 cs root beer, 50 bales flax. 860 sks
copra, 2" bales kapok, 47 sks coffee, 4 cases
pears, 1 cs gold valued at $50,000.
CONSIGNEES.
Per Czarina — J D Spreckels & Bros Co: Levi
Strauss & Co: McDonough & Runyon; Mar
shall & Reimers: Hills Bros; Home Supply Co-
W T Pollock; Bandon Wollen-mills; H Cross
! W B Sumner A Co; Hulme & Hart; Standard
OH Co; Bay City Soda Co: Wells. Fargo & Co
Per Alameda— J D Spreckell A Bros Co; C H
Helse & Co: Frese & Co: J E Thayer; Wil
liams, Dimond & Co: M D Vanvales & Co: S
Koshland & Co; Pope Mfg Co; Mack & Co-
Rev J O'Brien. Parrott & Co; Bank of Cali
fornia: HA Lozier & Co; Wieland Brewing
Co; Anglo-Cal Bank; Lloyd Osborne; A Gallic
Fruit Co; G Clemens & Sons: J H Spahn; a!
I C Robtson; Delius & Co: Eveleth & Nash: H
j O Greenwood: Wells, Fargo & Co: order; M
i Vulecovich; Wetmore Bros: T H B Varney.
Per Pomona— American Union Fish Co; A
Paladinl: Milan! A: Co; Amer Pres Assn; A
I Fay & Co; A Crocker ft Bro: B Eastman &
! Co; .Brlgham. Hoppe A Co; Chase & Bailey; C
W Burgess: C X Harmon; C D Corbett: H &
i 5 Com Co; Dodge. Sweeney & Co: H Llebes &■
1 Co: H Huddleston & Co; II Sammons; .] }£
Kruse: J R Hanify & Co; J Andreason; J W
Call: J Seize: J H Tltzell: P Morbid & Co-
Pacific Coast M & L Co; Reddlngton A Co; H
<> Greenhood: Scott & Van Arsdale Lumber
Co; Baker & Hamilton; Eveleth & Nash: E M
Heckman: Weils. Fargo & Co: A Zollezzi- B
Cnito: G Camilloni & Co: F Ferrara . J B In
guglia: Pac Coast Fish Co; C E Whitnev &
Co: Cal Saw Co: E If Ladd; B A Howard &
Co; F Berka: F B Halght; Getz Bros & Co- I,
D Stone & Co: Hammond A Brod; Hills Bros-
Marshall, Teggart & Co; <> B Smith Co- W
H Crainford; Ross ><• Hewlett; G Bertl & "Co"
AVheaton. Breon A i Co: Witzel, & Baker: Home
Supply Co: L Q Sresovlch & Co: Mitchell &■
Goodall; Mcl>onough & Runyon: H Dutard- H
R Stevens & Co; Wittland Produce Co; Wolf
6 Sons. ' l
Per Bonita— H Dutard: Wilklns &Co
Per Wot more Bros; Garcia & Mag
gin}: Sherman. Clay & Co; Campodonico %
Malcolm; John Dopseher: John Moshey- M T
Freitas; Goodall. Perkins * Co; San Fran
cisco Brewery: H R Hood: Francis Bros- M «*
Slmas ft Co; H Dutard: U.x O'Brien: Kull
man, Salz & Co: Neustadter Bros: Mitchell &
Go<xlall: H O Greenhood: L Spiegel; WoH £
Sons: L Scatena A Co; Gray .<• Barbterl; W B
Sumner & Co: S Levy: Cal Bottling Co; D De
Bernardi; Evel^th A Nash: Geo R Starr- T5
Martin & Co; Winchester Rep Arms Co- D Ti
Williams; F. Van Huebner: Hills Bros; New
mark & Edwards; Italian-Swiss Colony- 1 v
Cowlan ft. Son; CO Boon: Chas J Davidson-
Pac Ammonia * Cherri Works: .1 Demarfn :
Mlnnker ft Welbanks ; Trobock & Berwn: Pan
W P Co: Llevre, rricke A Co: S S Whitman"
Amer Type Foundry: Haas Bros; L&nS
mar: Cal Neckwear Co: Yon Voss & Co- PA
McDonald: W N Pierson: E Afe-Am« *
Harris: Rinaldo Bros: J Ivancovloh& Co- T *
IngMsrlia ft Co: Frederlcksburg Brewery- T T
Duffy; A Paladini: Amer Union pui, rZ'. -p r>
Fish Co; Milan! & Co; Pr WPsch.-ke Rn^en
berg Bros: Q Oiaoccaio ft Col Yon R.nn *
Si ,, RR ° S r, ,* Hpw ""t- Hllmor. nredhorr I
Pchulz: Dairymen's Union: Bi^lngJr * Cn-
Marshall ft Relmers: J H Newbaue^A Co- a
Palllps: Labor Exchange: r>odge Svtoiot *
Co: Butterlck Pub Co: H Heckman • twT7 t
Haslett: Enterprise BreweA" R?£"; |^ %'
Co: Milwaukee Brewery: Chicago BrewM-r- H
Warfleld: Wielanii nre'wlne V C F Whltn^v
R m ,ft i\ : Western Meat Co; SanfoM
w auS, p , on; Moore. Ferguson ft Co: C
R^AU, . Erlanger & Galinger; G Camilloni 4THE RAILROAD
VICTORIOUS
Judge Greene Decides a
Case Pending for
Years.
The City Cannot Raise Figures
of the County Board of
Equalization.
Oakland Loses Many Thousands of
Dollars by the Court's
Dcci^-i mi.
Oakland <~>fTlcp, San Francisco Tall,
908 Broadway, Jan. 13.
Judge Greene this afternoon decided
In favor of the Central and Southern
Pacific companies in the matter of the
assessments of their property that were
raised by the City Council above the
b at which they were set for
county taxation purposes.
Th ■ court held that the proceedings
rf the City '' ■imcil Bitting as a Board
of Equalization were unwarranted by
law, arbitrary and unjust, because no
evidence was taken or heard on the
subject.
The suit was brought by the city of
Oakland against the railroad com- i
panles I t J12.531 in taxes, alleged
it for the year 1593-94.
The companies paid $4541, but refused
v the balance, declaring it to be
illegally levied. The suit was original
ly began by J. K. Peirsol, who was
then City Attorney, but it has dragged
Blowly through the courts until Mr.
I retired from office and was suc
("ity Attorney 1 'ow.
Mr. Dow at the time the levy was
made, was a member of the City Coun
dl, and Attorney. Harvey Brown this
morning invited him to the stand as a
witnea .-.• he was a member of
the Board of Equalization that i
■ in litigation. Mr. Dow
objected and argued the point with the
court, claiming that there was no re
quirement of law to have the evidence
Introduced, and he also quoted the |
charter on that point. The court over- '
ruled his objection, after which Mr.
Dow testified that no witnesses were
Bworn or testified at the meeting. In
Ing himself Mr. Dow
the statement that E. Black Ry
an, tax agent of the railroad com
irney J. C. Martin were
<■• called upon to testify,
but ref '
Brown made an argument
by way of an objection that th^re was
no dollar mark at the head of the roll
In th<> assessment column and that the
figures were consequently unintelligi
ble. But the court held that there was
no merit in the contention. After hear
insr about an hour of argument, the
court decided against the city.
TO LIQUIDATE
CHURCH DEBTS
A Union Organized In the Inter
est of Local Methodist
Congregations.
An Aggregate or Seventy Thousand
Dollars to Be Raised for Clear-
Church Property.
The Methodists of San Francisco arc
up In arms against church debts. At the
of the San Francisco
ion Society of the Meth
church, held at the
Howard-street M. E. Church last night,
matter was the principal theme
ussion. It was a big meeting
and a very enthusiastic one. Representa
frora all the local churches were
on hand in large numbers. The ladies
of the society had so arranged the order
s as to make the initial fea
ture a sumptuous collation.
Of course the time to talk to church
members about raising church debts is i
when they fecjl good, and nothing oper
ates to make them feel pood like a good !
supper or dinner. The ladies got their i
brethren to feeling good, and thus played
a most important part In the proceedings
which were to follow.
Following the supper the meeting was
called to order by I. J. Truman, who pre
sided. After warm words of welcome by i
J. A. B. Wilson, the pastor of the church
in which the meeting was held, addresses ;
were made by Bishop John P. Newman
1>.1>.. I-L..D., Hon. Charles Ooodall, Rev.
\V« Melvln Woodward of Ernvorth M. E.
Church, Rev. Hurcourt W. Peck of i
Trinity Church, I. J. Truman. Rolla V. ,
."Watt and many others on the subject j
under consideration. It was reported i
that the aggregate indebtedness of all !
the local churches wa.s $70,000, and a com
mittee consisting of R. V. Watt, I. J. '
Truman and J. D. Hammond, previously !
appointed, made a report in which was !
formulated a plan for liquidating this
debt. The report proposed the creation i
of a society, to be known as the San <
Francisco Church Union, whose object '
should be the payment of the principal '<■
of the Interest-bearing debt of the :
several English-speaking Methodist i
churches In this city within three years, |
the aforesaid Indebtedness to be assumed
by the society and divided Into 7000 ■
(shares of $10 each. It was agreed that :
no subscription should be binding until !
the whole- sum In question shall have j
b*»en pledged.
The plan was received with the most
enthusiastic approval and the proposi
tion of the committee was accepted with- !
out a dissenting voice. Mora encourag
ing speeches were made, and the move
ment was fiVon an Impetus which prom
ises to carry it through to a successful
issup within a few months, for it is con- i
sidered certain that the necessary
pledges can be secured to pay the debt
within the time specified.
COURSING MEN AT OUTS
Incorporation of the Interstate
Club of California Will Be
Contested.
By the filing of articles of incorpora
tion of "the Interstate Coursing Club of
California" a few days ago an interest
ing point in local coursing history was
reached and a lengthy ltg*l warfare foe
owners and racers of blooded dogs
■will be the result. The directors of the
Bportlng corporation, Dominick Shan-
Don, John Grace, Michael Treanor, P. J.
Rellly, Jamea Dean and James Grace,
ar.rl 1,. ]j. Brown, Secretary of State, in
consequence of the filing of the letters
of incorporation, have been made defend
ants In a suit filed by I. F. Halton, E. V.
Sullivan, John Perigo, S. W. Smith, Ray
Holton, C. C. QrUnrold, Al Austin, W.
Kay- and George Whitney, who have for
several years past been conducting
coursing matches under the name of the
Interstate Coursing Club of California.
They claim the name hai been stolen
from them by the defendants, who con
spired against their interests, and they
ask that the defendants be restrained
from using the incorporation name and
that the Secretary of State be enjoined
from Issuing letters of incorporation to
them. The plaintiffs and defendants In
the action, ■with the exception of the A
retary of State, have been "at outs" for
some lime, and the notion of the Incor
poraton and those who sue to prevent
a consummation of their plans was nut
unexpected.
OAKLAND BOXING BOUTS.
Acme Club Postpones Its Fistic
Entertainment — Reliance's
Gentlemen's Night.
The long-looked-for fistic exhibition of
the Acme Athletic Club of Oakland will
not take place, us Jim EUley, who is
matched to fi^ht Ifurty McCue. discov
ered at a very late hour that ho could
not get to weight, and as a consequence
the club decided that it would
pone Its entertainment, as the •
o? the evening could not t.lt .1 K«' place.
The Reliance Athletic Club of Oakland
has announced an exhibition for nexi
Tuesday evening;, and if a match cannot
be consummated between Young Griffo,
the Australian fighter, and Frank McCon
nell Of the San Francisco Athletic Club.
l\e Corsey ami Ifartie McCue will be
matched to box six rounds.
Alex Greggains said last evening that
if the Reliance Club will give anything
liko respectable Inducements, whi.h
moans coin, he will allow McConnell to
box unde£ the auspices of the Reliance
any number of rounds they are pl<
to make. The boxers already match< 1 1 ■■•
the Reliance are Tony Williams and Fred
Maynard, <;. Bakei and Jack McMahon.
Younj? Tweedie, the champion 126-pound
pugillsi of the Australlas, arrived on the
steamer yesterday from Melbourne and
is ready and willi^u to fight any person
in his class, bar none, for me best purse
obtainable and n Bide wager. Jle has
his coin to back himself.
STOPPED THE ARCH.
Supervisors Would Not fillow a
Golden Jubilee Project to
Irrjpede Travel.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors brought the construction of
the Golden Jubilee arch, on Market street
In front of the Baldwin Hotel, to a sud
den stop yesterday. It was found that
the arch was being built directly over a
crossing at which the cars stop and that
travel would be seriously Impeded should
the work go on.
A member of the Jubilee committee ap
peared before the Supervisors in the af
ternoon and agreed that the arc*h should
be removed to a point about nftee feet
west of where it was started, and on this
condition the committee decided to allow
the building to e.i on.
PIQUO AND HIS
LITTLE DECEPTION
If You Would Succeed in the
Acrobatic Art Take a
Foreign Name.
So Says a Clever Impersonator of
That Highly Miechievous
Character.
A gymnastic team -which was billed
under the names of Paulinetti and Pi
quo lately appeared at the Orpheum
Theater in this city and presented an
act on the horizontal bar that was
probably as entertaining as any.tl:<it
has ever been witnessed on the .
One would infer from the Italian na
ture of the names that the poss
were born and reared in Italy's sunny
country, but would be somewhat sur
prised to learn that instead of being of
foreign extraction the two gentlemen
axe both natives of these glorious I'nit
ed States, and to use the words of Pi
quo himself they are proud of it. There
are tricks in all trades, and the theat
rical profession is no exception to this
genera} rule, but in an interesting talk
with Piquo the reasons for thil
sumption of foreign cognomens were
readily understood and it must be
granted that the little deception prac
ticed on the American public is fully
warranted by the attendant circum
stances. It is a well known fact, says
Piquo, that a variety artist who ap
pears under a name peculiar to Euro
pean countries is almost invariably as
sured of being veil received by an
American audience simply because
there is a mistaken impression that
whatever is foreign must be good. This,
says he. militates against the Ameri
can artist, especially in acrobatic per
formances, and Piquo evidently knows
whereof he speaks, for he is no novice
in the theatrical business. He first
commenced to earn regular salary and
thereby professionalized himself in
1868 in the city of New York, where he
was born. His proper every day name
is T. S. Dare, or Tommy Dare, as he
is familiarly called by those who know
him best. He played the part of the
clown in the act, and will be remem
bered as having caused considerable
merriment in that character. His
partner, who rejoices under the name
of Paullnetti when he is doing his
turn, is Ph. Thurber when he is not
going through his very clever and dim
cult scientific work on the horizontal
bar.
Piquo says that the immediate cause
of their taking the foreign names was
the fact that they had traveled c-x
tensively throughout Europe, showing
at the beat music halls in the princi
pal cities, and on returning to this
countiy conceived the scheme. The
first manager to whom they applied
for an engagement, on learning that
they had just arrived from across the
pond and had closed a succeessful sea
son of several months at the Folies
Hergeres, in Paris, immediately con
tracted for their appearnce at his the
ater and paid them double salary (or
the European name. When they first
went to England as the American ar
tists, "Dare and Thurber," they were
coldly received by the English mana
gers, who said there was a surfeit of
that horizontal bar business in th^
theatrical market, "don't you know,"
but condescended to give them a trial.
The managers soon thawed out, how
ever, on the opening night, when they
saw how well the team was received
by the languid English audiences,
who really became enthusiastic in
their applause. After that long en
gagements were the rule. Mr. Dare
(or Piquo), for his identity must be
preserved, Is authority for the state
ment that English acrobatic artists
cannot compare with the Americans
engaged in the same line. In their
gymnastic work, while the former are
slow, studied and lumbering, the lat
ter are more easy, quick and graceful.
Piquo also says that the feats which
he and Paullnetti perform are not one
half as difficult as answering to th^ir
foreign aliases. After a performance
one evening a gentleman of color was
overheard to remark to his companion,
"Say, Johnson, dem fellers, Pollinaris
and Pie-cut, were de best on de pro
gramme."
Piquo's countenance became sad
when he said that there was some dan
ger of the team separating, on account
of some little misunderstanding, but it
is to be hoped that such an event will
not occur, for two people who work fo
well together in public should experi
ence no difficulty in getting along in
their private life. But Piquo says that
it is the gratitude of the world. To
use his language: "I have had a score
of partners In the course of my the
atrical career; have given them all the
benefit of my thirty years' experience
in the acrobatic business, and tben
they gave me the frigid shake. Hut,
never mind, if this one leaves me I
will soon get another one, and we will
hold on to the name of 'Paulinetti and
Piquo' even if the new man should be
a Scandinavian."
THE SAX FIJAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 14, 1898.
IS RESTORED
TO FREEDOM
Doctor Woolsey's Horse
Was Ravenously
Hungry.
Also Drank a Tub of Contra
Costa Water Before Its
Arrest.
Serious Trouble Is Avoided by the
Payment of Three
Dollars.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 13.
Dr. E. H. Woolaey. once the head of
the Southern Pacific Medical Depart
ment, is particularly proud of his pos
session of a heavy black eharper. The
animal is one of the finest in this coun
ty, and its master is a fearless rider.
J>r. Woolaey en his horse is one of the
most familiar sights on the streets of
Oakland and wherever they are seen
one is admired only a little less than
the other.
A few days apo the doctor was taken
sick, an experience almost unknown to
him In his whole life, and while he was
confined to his bed his equine compan
ion stn lied off on an exploring expedi
tion and was found quietly eating oats
in a blacksmith's shop in East Oak
land.
Last night the horse was arrested
and detained at the City Prison under
the charge of Chief Lloyd. The aristo
cratic animal had never associated
with common municipal horses and
vags before, and its spirited nature re
belled at such 'treatment. Its humilia
tion was entirely due to the feed of
oats it stole, or is alleged to have
stolen in the blacksmith's shop.
When the blacksmith found himself
in possession of the doctor's charger
he says he also found himself out of
possession of two sacks of oats which
he alleges the animal had eaten. Now.
Dr. Woolsey has never been credited
with being close-fisted, and he says
that if his animal really ate a feed
from the blacksmith's oat box he does
not mind paying for it. but the black
smith declares that the doctor's horse
was so fearfully hungry that it did not
stop till it had eaten and destroyed two
sacks .of oats, after which depredation
the horse was taken into custody.
Dr. Woolsey is not able to attend to
the legal part of the business himself,
so he deputed Dr. Harry P. Travers to
take all necessary steps to recover the
horse, which he values at several hun
dred dollars, and which was detained
because Of a disputed two sacks of
oats. It irritates the doctor to think
that any one should assume that he
owned the horse that was ever hungry
enough to eat two sacks of oats at a
meal, and he declines to pay for it.
A search warrant was duly sworn
out and Dr. Travers, accompanied by
Officer Moore, went to East Oakland
and recovered the animal. It was
brought to the City Prison and as it
was too late to hear the evidence last
night Judge Allen ordered Chief Lloyd
to take good care of the animal till
this morning.
This afternoon the CAse was called
before Judge Allen. Attorney .T. C.
Johnson appeared for the blacksmith
and Dr. Tr«wr« represented the doc
tor and the horse. It was testified to
that the horse had drank one cask of
Contra Costa water and eaten largely
of fin« oats, and the whole matter was
adjudicated by the payment to the
blacksmith of $.?.
Dr. Travers led the horse home from
the prison stables.
Mills College Opening.
OAKLAND, Jan. Mills College
opened Wednesday and siinv* surprise was
expressed at the non-attendance of somo
seven girl students who had been ex
pected to take their final term. Many
rumors were current as to th« cause of
the non-appearance of the pupils, one
even alleging that it was enforced by the
faculty on account of some girl Isi esca
pades Indulged In by th« students during
a wheeling trip last term. Professor Ke^p
of the college and the father of one of the
girls absolutely denied that there was any
ground for such rumors and denied that
there was anything unusual in the cir
cumstances which Bet Dame Rumor gos
siping.
HIGHEST BIDDER
GETS THE CONTRACT
Bids for Supplying the Alaska
Treadwell Mine With
Machinery.
Peculiar Process by Which * Busi
ness Firm of Chicago Obtained
the Award.
Bids were recently opened for stamp
mills, winding engines, Corliss com
pound engines, crushers, etc., for the
Alaska Treadwell group of mines on
Douglas Island. The contract was
awarded to Frazer & Chalmers of Chi
cago. The value of the machinery to
be supplied under the contract approx
imates $360,000. The Chicago firm was
not the lowest bidder. A bid from a
firm In Milwaukee was $24,000 below the
Chicago figures. The Risdon Iron
Works of this city were $8000 below the
Milwaukee bid, and the Union Iron
Works offered to supply the desired
machinery according to the specifica
tions at a figure $34,000 belo-w the price
designated by the Chicago firm. The
bid of the Union Iron Works was pre
sented In due form.
Capitalists whose money is invested
in the development and operation of the
mines may find occasion to investigate
the award of this most remarkable con
tract. In the OTdlnary course of busi
ness, contracts are awarded to the
lowest responsible bidder, but In com
petition for supplying machinery for
the Alaska Treadwell mine, the lowest
Chicago bidder takes the award.
The Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association heard of the setback given
to the California bidders and the man
ager. Oscar Lewis, lost no time in try
ing to get at the bottom of thp facts
and reasons. From whnt b« h«i
learned he will bring the matter to the
attention of the Board of Directors at
tho next meeting. He stated yesterday
that the reason of the highest instead
of the lowest bidder getting the con
tract was apparent, but the reason for
asking for bids in the first place was
not. "I found," said he, "that the
owner of th« Alaska mine property is
a large English syndicate and some of
the heaviest members of the syndicate
are members of the firm whose bid for
the machinery was accepted. In other
words they gave the contract to them
selves and the only r^apon. that I can
think of, why any bids werp asked for
at all. was the European members of
the syndicate wanted the California
members to believe that the machinery
whs bid for in the open market. While
W< stem manufacturers do not wonder
that these people should pive the con
tract to themselves they are not
!>!■ is- d that the action should give the
Impression that Chicago can make ma
chinery any better or cheaper than
California. This is where the Western
kick comes in. and at the next meeting
it will be made pood and strong."
PEDESTRIANS IN DANGER.
Footpads Seem to Believe That
They Own the Town at the
Present Tirrje.
It is thought there Is an organized
band of thugs In the city at the present
time who are determined to rob any res
ident who is unfortunate enough to he
out after 12 o'clock in the morning- Last
evening J. H. Johnson, living at 2 Grant
avenue, was Btopped by a party who
risked him for 50 cents. T'pon a refusal
the thug clubbed him and relieved him
Michael McCarran, who is a resident of
Sunnyside, was accosted by a stranper at
256 Minna street last evening and robbe 1
and a fedora hat. The man who
h.id stopped him on the street first nsked
him for sufllcit nt money to jrt-t a bed with
and on a refusal robbed him of hi 3 be
longings.
BORROMEAN COUNCIL.
Seventh Annual Entertainment
Given by the Mission Boys.
The members of Borromean Council 129,
of the Young Hen's Institute, gave their
mnny Mend a In the Mission an up-to-date
entertalnnu ni at Turn V>rcin Hall on
Seventeenth streel last nl^ht. The hall
was beautifully decorated with the colors
of the Institute, cardinal and poid. and
the programme w is everything that tal
ent could make it. especially that part
allotted to Dr. J. P. McCarthy, which in
its rendition "caught the house."
Soprano selections by Mrs. Cheesman
and Miss Nippert were above the average
generally heard at amateur entertain
mi ntn
This was the seventh anniversary of the
Council and, from the number of the
Mission people who attended a paid en
tertainment It is quite evident that the
boys par.l well with their neighbors, as
the hall was well tilled.
USED AN IRON BAR.
A Chinese Druggist Beaten by a
fellow Countryman.
Lai Fook Shan, a Chinese druggist, was
attacked by another <'Hnaman in Ross
alley List evening, nn<] severely beaten
over the i ■ mi iri "i bar. His as
sriil.iiit. who tP '■'■ the nans of Yang
Mine, was nrrested Immediately after
ward and locked up at the California
station "ii a charge of an assault
in ropiniit murder. H<- refused to give
any motive I ' ; - The wounded
Chinaman wna taken to the Receiving
Hospital where two uply scalp wounds,
which were Inflicted by the Iron bar. were
■1 by I t- Tormsy.
THE SAVING OF
THE PAGAN SOUL
Dedication of the New Central
Mission House as a Place
of Worship.
A Qnaint Programma in Which Chi
nese Acquitted Themselves
•iibly.
A most Interesting and Impressive cere
mony was the dedication as a place of
worship of the new central Mission House,
an adjunct to the California Chinese Mis
sion at 9 Brenham plate,, on the west
side of Portsmouth square, yesterday
evening. This mission was organized
twenty-five years ago to teach the Gos
pel to the Chinese. The mission house
has 135 members enrolled under the ban
ncr of the Chinese Congregational So
ciety, and the parent body, the California
Chinese Mission has over ISM Oriental
converts to its credit since it first began
the I tod work. Dr. J. K. McLane Is the
president and guiding spirit of this mis
sion. An audience of nearly 400 people
assembled at their hall last evening,
nearly half of whom were Chinese, the
rest being white workers in the move
ment, a few Chinese ladies making the
scene a picturesque one with their char
acteristic costumes.
They listened with rapt attention and
with heads reverently bowed, especially
to the religious portion of the exercises,
and with rinsing voices all Joined In
Rinsing a hymn in their own language,
and they are evidently most sincere in
their Christian belief. They seemed to
particularly enjoy the discourse in Chi
nese, delivered by Rev. F. J. Masters,
who speaks the dialect like a native. An
entertaining novelty was the singing of
the two quartets, one of which sang in
Chinese and the other In English, both
patting much feeling and considerable
melody in the-renditl«7ns of their respect
ive numbers. Rev. P. B. Perkins, vice
president of the corporation, presided
over the order of service.
CAN THIS BE
PROF. ANDREE?
An Object Seen Near Duluth
Gives Rise to the
Story.
There Is Bright Moonlight, and a Tele
graph Operator Soys It la a
Balloon.
Special TMspatch to The Call.
DULUTH, Minn., Jan. 14.— What is
believed to be a balloon drifted slow
ly out of the northwest at midnight,
and is now suspended over Lake Su
perior, apparently about twenty-five
milt s from Duluth.
Th.p night operator for the North
American Telegraph Company viewed
the object with a powerful marine
glass, and says there Is no doubt what
ever that It is a balloon. Th*>re is a
bright moonlight, and wind from the
west. From Duluth the balloon was
sighted at fire headquarters. Night tel
egraph operators at several points
have also seen it.
The ballooi^ carries a light, which
flickers, so aPto give It, at a distance
of twenty-five miles, the appearance of
a star that twinkles more than ordi
narily.
TWO HARBORS. Minn., Jan. 14.—
For several hours to-night a balloon
with a light in it was seen over Lake
Superior. The marine reporter here
saw It plainly with a powerful night
glass. There Is no doubt about the ob
ject being a balloon. It was visible un
til 2:30 this morning, when the sky be
came cloudy. As there has been no bal
loon ascension in this vicinity It is tak
en frrr granted the object seen is An
dree's balloon, reported yesterday from
British Colurubia points.
To Open Christ's Mission.
Major and Mrs. Frank Robinson and
friends will open Christ's Mission Sat
urday evening. January 15, at 24 Turk
street, basement, where meetings will be
held every night at 8 o'clock, also Sun
day afternoon at S, Street meet
ings at Market nnd Turk street at 730
p. m. All Christian workers are Invited
to help.
DIED.
CERF— In this city. January 14. 1593. Fannie
beloved wife of Moise Cerf. and mother of
little, Barurli. I>e!phlne, Myrtlle. Eugene
Emelle. Adrienne, Camllle. Laurence. Kay-
mond and Yvon Cert, a native of Helena
Ark., aped 41 years and 2 months.
BY.Notice of funeral hereafter- *
TO CONDEMN
DEATH'S CURVE
Cuvellier Working to
Abate the Fatal
Nuisance.
Land to Be Condemned and
an Assessment District
Named.
Five Thousand Dollars May Be
Enough to Buy tho
Block.
" m a
Oakland Office, San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 13.
There Is now a hope that death's
curve, at Seventh and Market streets. !
may not exist much longer. Thi3 sec- j
tlon of the track where the trains pass j
within a few feet of the walls of adja- j
cent houses and which cannot be pro- ;
tected except by the purchase of land, j
has caused the deaths of scores of peo- •
pie during the thirty years the railroad ,
has been in operation. The last victim |
was a blind man, who could not see ;
that the train was coming, and preced
ing him was J. H. Knarston. the prom
inent Druid of San Francisco.
Councilman Cuvellier has been work- j
ins in the interest of having the ad
joining land purchased by the city so
as to entirely do away with the pre
vailing danger. The obstruction to
view which has been so fatal is the
gore block bounded by Market, "West
and Seventh streets, and Mr. Cuvellier
is in favor of condemning the block
rind purchasing it by fixing the cost on
an assessment district to be yet deter
mined.
It has been found that the block is
aaai ssed for $"200. but the owner has
demanded $10,000 for the property. At
the average of assesments in Alameda
County the property night be worth
from J4SOO to $5000. The Councilman
thinkscondemnation proceedings should
be instituted at once, and as soon as
the assessment district shall be decided
upon, an ordinance will be introduced
for carrying out the project.
Councilman Henneberry thinks the
proper district to be assessed for the
infprovement should be bounded by
Third, Twelfth. Castro and Filbert
Streets, and the Street Committee has
decided to make this recommendation
to the Council.
HER ESCORT FLED.
Miss Lottie Snell Robbed by Two
Darlrjg Qakjand Foot
• pads.
OAKLAND, Jan, 31— Miss Little Sn«U
of 3C3 Seventh street and a young gentle
man friend were held up Tuesday even
ing at the corner of Eighth and Harrison
streets and robbed by two men. or rather
the young lnrty was robbed, while her
companion f!ed without waiting to learn
of his friend's fate. She lost a porketbook,
hut declined to surrender her gold watch.
The men escnped and the police have heen
unable to secure any clew of their where
abouts.
MRS. SHAFTER
AT DEATH'S DOOR
Suffering the Second Time
From a Stroke of
Paralysis.
Falls Insensible as She Is En
tering Her Car
riage.
!
Mrs. Shatter, the wife of Commandlng-
General Shafter of Fort Mason, has been
lingering between life and death for the
past few days from a stroke of paralysis.
Though almost in the arms of death
the relatives of the stricken woman do
not give up hope -and are clinging tena
ciously to every theory that may lead
to possible recovery.
As this Is the second attack of this
character grave fears are entertained for
her ultimate recovery. The first attack
was received on the 11th of December,
INS. and since that time up to the present
Mrs. Shafter has enjoyed good health.
It was believed that she had entirely re
covered from the first attack, owing to
the good health she was enjoying. Since
the attack "Wednesday she has not re
gained consciousness for a single mo
ment.
The last attack of the dread disease
was very sudden, as It was received by
the unfortunate woman as she was en
tering her carriage. She had been at
tending a lecture at the Century Club
Wednesday afternoon and seemed to be
In the best of health. She had Just left
the lecture hall and was stepping into
her carriage when she fell insensible, al
most striking the carriage step as she
fell.
Just previous to her leaving the hall
and during the progress of the lecture
she seemed to be in sound, and to all ap
?earances, perfect health, chatting to her
riends and at times listening very atten
tively to the lecturer.
Owing to her present condition it Is
feared that unless a change for the bet
ter comes soon the end will not be long
in relieving her of pain.
The latest reports received from her
home last night state that her condition
Is about the same, there being no cfTange
for the better and none for the worse.
RUSSELL IS
CLEARLY A ROGUE
Swindled His Partner Out of
Large Sums and Then
Decamped.
Misplaced Confidence of E- W". s. Van
Slyke In a Man to Whom He
Gave a Place.
Charles P. Russell, recently known ns
a partner in the insurance firm of E. W,
S. Van Slyke & Co. of this city, disap
peared about ten days ago and is now
supposed to be somewhere in the East.
Two years since Mr. Van Slyke took
Russell into his office as a partner, at
the requetit of ex-Senator Bibb, giving
him the right to draw money from the
banks in the firm's name.
It has lately developed that Russell al
most Immediately commenced his crook
ed work by drawing checks for large
amounts and filling out the correspond
ing stubs in the check books with very
much smaller amounts, charged to his
"personal account." The aggregate of
robbery is not known, save to a few peo
ple, but it Is said to be large.
The loss falls principally on the Globe
Tusurance Company, for whom Van
Slyka & Co. were operating as agents.
and this company has filed a suit against
Russell's bondsmen. ex-Senator Bibb and
C A. Warren, to recover the amount of
Russell's embezzlemt ;.t.
MIDWEEK THEATRICALS.
r-jappenings in the Local World
of Music and Plays.
"The Man From Mexico" 13 the best
farce of the season; Willie Collier has
made a huge hit as the "man," and the
Baldwin's prospects are for two weeks oi
record business.
"A Night In New York." In which N«l
lle McHenry is playing at the California,
is a farcical melange, evidently intended
for hayseed audiences. There are several
clever specialties in it; beyond these It la
one of the worst ever exposed here.
The second and last edition of "Mother
Goose" at the Tivoll will come to an end
with Sunday night's performance, giving
way to the romantic Irish opera, "Brian
lioru."
A double hill, consisting of "A Man's
Love," a curtain raiser by Mr. Pauldlnp,
and Boucicault's "Forbidden Fruit," will
follow this week's production of "Es
meralda" at the Alcazar.
"The Plunger," which is makin? out a
good week at Moroseo's. will be followed
by a war drama, "The Blue and the
Cray."
Paula and Dlka, the eccentric vocalists,
are an especially strong card at the Or
pheum..
Tschalkowsky's "Pathetic Symphony"
will lie the sensation of the concert at
the Tivoll this afternoon.
To-morrow afternoon at the California
Miss Villa Whitney White will repeat the
first of the delightful lecture recitals of
German folk song.
ft Card of ThaoKs.
Editor of the San Francisco Call—
Pear Sir: "Will you kindly permit me to ;
offer throuph the columns of your paper
to the president and members of the
Board of Trustees and to those of the '
Ladles* Auxiliary of the Mercantile I-i- ;
brary Associations my sincere thanks for
the honor conferred upon me by my elec
tion to the position of librarian of that
institution.
Also to the friends, known and un
known, who have so loyally supported me
for the position, and to the many send- i
ing- words of kindly congratulation, and
to whom my limited time now forbids In- :
dividual response, I take this present !
means of acknowledgment and of ex
pressing my grateful appreciation.
INA D. COOLBRITH. ,
Oakland. January IS, 1898.
Naked or) the Street.
J. Kelly, who is supposed to be Insane,
created a sensation on Montgomery street
last evening, by appearing in a nude con
dition. He was arrested by a policeman
after a desperate struggle, and taken to
the Receiving Hospital, where he was
placed in a padded cell. To-day he will
be examined as to his sanity. Kelly
imagines that he Is en route to the Klon
dike, and that untold wealth is await
inp him. .
NEW TO-DAY.
/^y// As a delicious
ftV&/ P ure food drink,
I A t>V as the purest and
M tj best of all chocolates,
if Ghirardelli's
**! Monarch
■'■■ Chocolate
■' V# l IwvUlQlw
j is the most popular
J chocolate in use.
Si\ Used with pastry, too,
c it imparts a delight-
) A fully mellow flavor,
/j \\ A sample cake free with alt " ji
L]VS\\ purchMet Ghlrardelli's //
[vV^^S. Cocoa. /J
OCEAN TRAVEL..
Cotnpagnie Generate Transatlantiqae.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier mew), 42 North «.a^
River, foot .of . ; "orton st. Travelers <jrj*£T» '
by this line avoid both transit byiiriiii
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Parts, first class JISO
second class fill*.
LA BRETAGNE December 11. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE December 18, 10 a. m
LA NORMANDIE December 25. 10 a m
LA CHAMPAGNE January 1. 10 a." m.
LA BRETAGNE January 8, 10 a. a
For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent.
No. S, Bowling Green, New Tort
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
s,ve., San Francisco.
■ 1 ■■ - — — — —^— -— — — —^-^— — »
An Alabama druggist reports th case of an old confederate soldier who
when buying -si;;;;;
RIPANS TABULES
j For a neighbor, who lived out by him in the country, told his own story,
as follows : " Erersince I was in the army, where I contracted indigestion s
( and dyspepsia from eating hard tack and sow belly, I have suffered much
from those and, kindred ailments. A son of mine told me, while home on g!
a visit over a year ago, to get some Ripans Tabules and take them. I
did, and in a Tery short time I was benefited. ; I have felt better, ate \
. more and relished it better than at any time since the war, and am doing
more work now than I ever expected to do again. I tell you they are the "
GREATEST MEDICINE FOR A FELLOWS STOMACH
I ever saw. - We always have them at home, and I always recommend
them when a fellow complains about his stomach hurting him."
MSM II ■!■— I ■_! _^K_» . '■ ' i.i. ..i i' I.mi I HIM || _ L ,J, J - D ,
NEW TO-DAY.
DfiaßlT Let WHISKY get the BEST
I ill I of you, GET the BEST of
Ull i WHISKY, which is the
{«£•«. , GENUINE
Fi&Q DISTILLERY
fIU BOTTLING OF
wk'i PFPPFR
jt&k IMM WHTQYV
N. $$ I*l fllllUJll
yflKsa*^™*'~.Ai' Has I OYincrtnn l^u
/ i !'£■>_ t'fOA CAv/noH ZTI Under the same
• / / / l*^t»3i:»s-isssa!fc : formula for •
// / j f •fr—rg.^if " V -^Z^= J ' mor 9 than 100
//■/ f''Mllfll£JKaaig :: i YEARS is guaran-
1 If * -«MP*?^i?V>r3^li}f! ' taod ABSOLUTE-
J'l 1 >Vv- 'j ' /'USLI/^g^j/ ' USLl/^g^j LV the PUREST
1 % ±y fttfZl^il/*, «nd BEST in the
iWStf I world.
in'/ i |. J^- r"r "* <I *l|r" "''^>.. (' Sample Case $15.
f, < ""■ BWjSffnH ' •>" tjrr.ed and money
■A'U^hi^Q CARROLL
*iy?&EaSsfESBS* . CARROLL,
Soi6 Ager.ts for the
Pacifrc Coast
Will Cash Pepper Coupons.
j/^%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
***%«a>iwl ****** KKAR>Y ST. £stabltnhed
fir^^^H^iii ISS-I forthetrentriientof I'rivatO
ffij' |ti Bar Disf iis« v s, Lost Manhnoil. Debility or
EjIBBfpTJJHg dlspase wearing on ho>lyan<lmini!uud
*3«^ ZfSws s:;-.n Diseases. Tlie doctorcureswheu
■?^HHE|H oiliers fp-I!. Try him. Cb»rgea low.
iS3BBi&SSsB puai.tnlr**,!. Call orwrite.
I»r. J. »'. «.liiK<l>>'. Itos 1957. San Franclsoa
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf jß^ s i, m
Ban Francisco, as follows: &aw 3*
For ports la Alaska, 9 a. m., Jan. 1. 6, 11. IS,
21, 26, 31, and every afth day thereafter.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
Bend. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), 9
a. m., Jan. 1, 6, 11, 16, 21, 26. 31. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver
with C. P. Ry., at Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at
Seattle with Great Northern Ry.. and com-
pany's steamer for Alaska.
- For Eureka (Ilumboldt Bay), etParaer Po-
mona, 2 p. m., Jan. 1, 5, 10, 14, 18, 22, 28, 31.
Feb. 4. 8. 12, 16. 20, 25. 29.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Ca-
yucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavl-
ota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San
Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a.m., Jan. 1, 5, 9, 13, 17, 21, 25, 29.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Anceles and Redondo (Los Angeles), II
a. m.. Jan. 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27. 31, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Ma.srdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
ealla and Guaymas (Alex.). 10 a. m., Jan. 6 and
Id of each month thereafter.
The Company reserves the right to chance
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
and hours of ealllni>. ■
TICKET OFFICE- Palace Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery st. ' -
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agta.
10 Market > st., San Francisco.
\ THE 0. R. &N. CO. '
■ DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FAPF *•"> First Class Including Berth
rAaE §2.50 2d Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California j an . lj
Columbia "..'. Jan.
Through tickets and through tiaggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR, General Agent
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., arket Btreet-
Superintendents.
fHSPgRMfi* S.S. AUSTRALIA.
iVHnli for HONOLULU only
ITS 311 " 1 Tuesday. Jan. 25. at
(| —^ tp. m. special party
Sf£JrnSnlD<J "The S.S. ALAMEDA
OlKJlllJlliy sails via HONOLC-
(OffIB2f?L}- lAT an<l ATTCKT^AND
V^m^ylt«T for SYDNEY. Thurs-
day, Fob. S, at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPH
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Arent*.
114 Montgomery Street.
Freight Office — 327 Market st.. San Franclsodb.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St., at 6
p. in. Dally.
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and jlt*
Ing through freight rates to all points on th»
Valley Railroad.
STEAMERS:
T. C. WALKER. J. D. PETERS.
MART GARRATT. CITY OF STOCKTON.
. Telephone Main 805 Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
.;:. Steamer *' Monticello."
Mod., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m. and 3:15 p. in. ('■> p. m. ex. Thurs.*
Fridays 1 p. m., 9 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier 2.
Telephone Green 3St.
For San Jose, Los Oatos & Santa Cruz
Steamer AlvtF-o leaves Pier 1 daily (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso dally (Saturdays
excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso, 60c;
to San Jose, 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 North
First street. San Jose. t_-.-v
910
OUTSIDERS IN
THEIR ELEMENT
The Going at Oakland
Was Too Sticky for
the Favorites.
Ricardo Defeated a Big Field at
the Long Price of Fifty
to One.
Palmerston Won Easily at Twenty
to One — Fashion Plate Another
Winner at Long Odds.
The going at Oakland yesterday was
Fticky and holdlner and form players
experienced a rough time picking win
ners. Outsiders In the betting held a
sort of levee, taking most of the races
on the card. The rank outsider Ri
cardo, with as good as SO to 1 about
him in the ring, captured the opening
event with ease from a big field. The
books laid 6 to 1 against La Maroma.
winner of the maiden three year old
race, and Fashion Plate romped away
with the mile and a sixteenth affair at
15 to 1. The final race of the day went
to Palmerston, backed down from 20
to 12.
A miscellaneous collection of selling
platers faced the webbing In the open
ing six furlong sprint, with Gallant
ruling: a 5 to - favorite. He failed to
get Inside the money. McDonald on the
50 to 1 shot. Rlcardo, ran around his
field, and, taking the lead in the run
home, won with ease from Coda. Hen
nessy landed show honors with Ver
agua. Blue Bell had speed, but quit
near the end.
The finish to the five and a half fur
long scramble next decided resulted in
a very close finish between La Mar
oma, Flandes and Bow and Arrow, th<=>
trio finishing: heads on the wire. The
winner, La Maroma, with Hennessy up,
a 5-to-l chance, made the running, and
Inclined to swerve at the end, won by
a head from Flandes. Entrata was
tipped about as the smart one In the
race, but failed to do anything sensa
tional.
The mile and a sixteenth selling run
was a hard throw down for the talent.
Argentina was heavily played at even
money, but was unable to navigate in
the sticky going, and landed rods be
yond first place. Fashion Plate, a ir>
to-1 sh"t, cut out the pace from the
jump, leading out Collins a length at
the wire, with pounds to spare. Song
and Dance finished in the show.
Cash Sloan, astride the second choice,
Morellito, down the 5-to-2 choice, San
Venado. in the seven and a half fur
long run, and at the same time nearly
gave the colt's followers heart disease.
With the race well in hand the entire
distance. Cash drew the finish
fine, and, nearly caught napping by
Clayton, won by a h^ad. Tom Griffin's
filly, Hardly, showed to goad advan
tage, finishing a clofee third.
The big chestnut horse. King Will
iam, was made a pronounced favorite
for the mile soiling run, but little
O'Connor l<rst an acre of ground with
him at the head of the stretch, and was
unplaced at the wire. Harry Thoburn,
with Spencer up. made a runaway race
of the thing, leading from start to fin
ish, and winning in a romp from Th<M
ma. Cappy, third choice, was badly
cut down.
Benamela, with Lonny Clayton in the
saddle, was made an B-to-5 choice for
the last race of the afternoon, and did
not shov»- enough speed to catch a
broken-down car horse. Palrnerston, a
20-to-l ehot. ridden by Tompkins, over
took the speedy D<>n't Skip Me less
than a furlong: from the wire, and
won easily by five lengths. Una Colo
rado, another outsider, was a clc-se
third.
TRACK ITEMS.
It cannot be conducive to an even tempera
ment to gaze at 50 to 1 chalked agalnEt one's
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB--Oakland Track--Stxty-fourth day
of the- Winter Meeting. Thursday, January 13. 1898. Weather
fine. Track very heavy.
-E — Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
314 Ricardo, a 104; 5
397 Coda. 6 101 1
422 Veragua. 6 107 4
314 Blue Bell, a 108 6
418 Outgo. 6 106! 7
284 Tom Anderson, 4.. .104 3
175 D'.ablita. 4 9! 1 8
418 Gallant. 6 104 11
274 Paso Tempo, 5... 10CI12
410 D. J. Tobln, 4 101 10
163 Merrllake, 4 106 13
410 Mrs. Shade. 4 09 9
422 Pollock. 5 104 14
354 Homestake. 4 103 1 2
7 h
2 H
8 n
1 3
6 1
9 14
6 h
10 2
3 1
11 1
12 2
13 2
14
4 h
2 h ...
3 n
5 h
12 ...
42% "*.
6 h
10 h
8 1
7 >.4
11 2 '.'.'.
12
9 3 - ... -
13
14 ...
1 24 McDonald ....
2 3 E. Jones
3 4 Henne«sy ....
4 h G. Wilson ...
54 Van Kuren...
6 h Conley
7 2 McCarthy
8 3 Morse ..;
I 1 Kerrln
10 I Stevens
116 Hobart
12 2 Holmes j
13 4 Ryan j
14 Whitman ....
15
4
5
15
6
5
30
3
30
6
M
8 "
30
M
20
6
7
30
8
9-2
100
2
60
8
200
15
60
60
Time. 1:'
easily.
Winner. S. F. Capp'B eh. g. by Wildldle-Blu» Bonnet.
Good start.
Won
J.OQ SECOXD RACE— Five and a hair furlongs; maiden three-year-olds; purse, %3M.
eight.!!
i
... La Maroma 101 1
413 Flaniea 112 2
413 Bow and Arrow 109 ft
416 Mainbar 112 i 4
417 San I'urangro 109 3
171 Entrata 107 8
... Ballister 109 5
379 Royal I'rlze 108 7
... Ideal 1091 9
264 Agnes Tohln 107 10
...
2 2
3 1
9
8 3
tltt
6 2
4 h
7 h
6 hi
10
2 3
3 4
9 3
7 3
1 2
5 4
4 1
• 8 1
10
6 h
2 2
3 h
6 2
4 2
7 3
6 3
8 8
9 6
10
1 h Hennessy .... | $
2 h Morse I 7
3 h Gray | 5
4V2 Spencer I 6
5 2 I Van Kuren ..I 20 '
6 1 E. Jones 10
7 2 O'Connor 6
8 6 Kiley 6
940 McDonald ... 30
10 . |McNlcholß ... 20
I
7
9-2
20
9-2
8
3
20
20
Time. 1:11. Winner. E. J. Baldwin's eh. f. by Emperor of Norfolk-Los Anireles
start. Won first three driving.
Fair
AQfl THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward
■ Ov/* purse, $400. :... . • '
420 Fashion Plate, 4.... 97! 2
421 Collins, 6 104 j 4
421 Song and Dance, a.lOCi 1
421 Cromwell. 5
(412) Widow Jones. 4 87 3
(420) Argentina. 5 108! 7
41 2 Marcel, a lO2{ 6
1 h 1 1%
2 h 2 24
31% 4 h
51 5 3
4 m 3 %
7 6 4
6 IVt 7
1 2*
2 2
6h
4 1
3%
65
1 3*
2 2
5 hi
4 3V*
3 h
6 7 .
1 2H
2 2%
3 h
4 1
6 2%
6 2
7
11 i
2 6
3 h :
4 20 !
5 I
6 5
: 7 ■■■■
nuunes ••••••
E. Jones ....:
; Spencer
iKiley
O'Connor ....'
10
6
10
4
10
1
20
13
I
12
4
12
1
50
Clayton
Morse
Time. l:f,0.
Winner, J. Harvey's eh. f. by Raclne-Faustine. Fair start.
Won easily.
431.
FOURTH RACE— Seven and a half furlongs; three-year-olds; purse. $500.
408 Morellito 115! 2
(411) San Venado llfi 1
359 Hardly 10.V 4
404 Dr. Berr.ays 102! 3
(416) Mlstleton IM 6
2 2%
1 M
3 n
4 12
5 ■
2 3%
1 n
3 12
4 10
5
2 *hi
1 h
3 15
4 10
5
2 3H
1 n
3 8
4 5
5
1 h
2 1
3 30
4 40
5
X Sloan 2
Clayton 1
"onley 3
'. Woods .... 30
rhorpe 6
2
3-2
5
60
6
Time, 1:36.
Won easily.
Winner. Wilmans Bros.* br. c. by Moreno-Miss CromwMl.
Good
start.
FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling;
; purse, $400.
i
415 Harry Thoburn. 4..100 3
412 Thelma, a 90 2
420 Earl Cochran, 5 102 5
(146) King William. 5.... 95^ 1
(327) Cappy. 4 90i 4
15 IS4
414 '41
5 5
3 h '36
2 24 2 4
1 6
4 24
5
2 4
3 6
10
4 a
5
2 J%
3 r%
1 2
3 n I
4 3 1
5 !
■pencer
iray
2 11-5
6 8
10 S
8-5 3-2
5-2 4
rl. Brown ...
V Connor ....
. Woods ....
Time. 1:43.
Won easily.
Winner, Atkin •& Lottrldge's b. g. by St. Cyr-Mlss Goodrich. Good start.
4.00 SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; Belling; four-year-olds and upward: purse. $300.
Vim. •
212 Falmerston, 6 1141
... Don't Skip Me, 4. 105;
391 Una Colorado, a 107;
3M Charles A, a 1041
4^B Benamela, 6 107
427 George Miller, a 110
400 George Palmer, 4... 104
402 Stentor. 4 101
■■ ■ Peacador, a 116
3
1
4
2 .
.1
! 8 -
! 5
, 6
B
•
2 1 ;
1 24
4 h
3 h
8
6%
6 2
7 n
2 1
1 2V4
4 h
7 1
6 2
3 hi
'6 h
8 •
23
134
3 %
6 IV4
r. i\4
4 h
I %
8
1 5
2 h
3%
42
5 IS !
6 1 i
7 1 i
8
'.. i
] 1 oinpHins
iConley
Hennessy ....
McNMcholi ...
Clayton
1 Morse
jH. Brown ...
■ O'Connor ....
1,.. ..... 1
15
4
10
20
8-5
6
20
8
60
10
I
10
8-5
7-2
25
12
30
I Raymond 1
• Left. ~"
Time i:i«. Wlnner> Mrß - J - H - Shi el( l»' eh. h. by Imp. Bt. Blaise-Emma. GOOJ start.
horse and not have a dollar to bet. yet that
was the perplexing problem that confronted S.
F. Capps, owner of Rlcardo, yesterday. Mr.
Capps but recently got out of a hospital where
he had been confined, and while others won
handsomely to the race he had to be satisfied
with the purse.
MeManus, the local plunger, played Rlcardo
all three ways, winning $1500 to the race.
J. F. Fogg's useful mare will probably be
on the shelf for some time to come. When
cut down during the progress. of the fifth race
the tendon of the nigh hind leg was nearly
severed through. The accident undoubtedly
occurred at the first turn, and the "cook"
who caused it should be retired from the sad
dle for some time, as the field was a small one
and there was no necessity for such a happen
ing
Old Cash Day apparently came out of
Wednesday's race sound and good, but yes
terday It was discovered that the tendon of
his good fore leg was bowed, and he has prob
ably done with racing for all time.
"Longshot" Conley was fined $50 by the
judges for pulling out from the rail with Don't
Skip Me in the last race In an endeavor to
block the rapidly coming Palmerston.
Roy Carruthers is the possessor of some two
year-olds that are being prepared for the com
ing summer racing on one of the southern
stock farms. Yesterday he was in receipt of
a letter which stated that while romping In
the paddock one very promising filly, a full
sister to the Futurity winner. L'Alouette, had
her breast pierced by a rail and had to be
destroyed.
Ricardo, the long-priced winner of the open-
Ing event, was given as the probable winner
in The Call's selections. Sleepy Jane, the first
horse named, was scratched.
The attention of horsemen is called to the
fact that entries to the two-year-old stakes to
be decided at Ingleside will close to-morrow.
Following are the entries for this afternoon's
running events:
First Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling.
417 Magnus 10? 1 416 Roulette Wheel.los
429 Mainbar 110 417 Moringa .107
417 Ablna 106 416 The Dipper ....110
416 Brambella 105
Second Race — Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; selling.
423 Our Climate ....MB 433 Charles A 102
<373)Ve10z 101 423 Jack Martin ...105
4M Cavallo 105 US Mulberry 10C
201 Finny S 100 395 Doyle 102
(23 Monitor 105 427 Waiter J 11l
432 Earl Coch'an ..105 (423)O'Fleeta 110
Third Race— furlongs; two-year-olds.
... Rey Hooker..... ins [ ... The Miller ....105
... Bonibel 105' ... Racine Murphy. io:>
, ... La Condlsa 105 1 ... Anchored 108
... '"asdale -. 103 ... Bueno Ventura. los
...Malay KM ... Prince Will ....103
... Clarando 1051
Fourth Race— One mile; four-year-olds and
upward.
... Mamie G Ml 415 Hazard 99
895 Red Glenn ....102 422 Fannie E 95
41a Al'ahabad 97 433 Heritage 102
433 Stentor »< 415 Bernardillo 110
3SS Nonchalance . ...105 415 Polish 100
Fifth Race— Seven furlongs; Belling; four
year-olds and upward.
373 Little Singer ..971 430 Song and DancelOS
427 Major Cook ...105 427 Torsion 105
4".'. Lost Girl 100 420 Sly 10:
37S Kamsin 105 1 410 Don Fuiano 111
420 Osrlc II -: 113
Sixth Race— Seven and a half furlongs; Bell-
Ing; three-year-olds and upward.
f39€)Plan gel 427 Kaiser Ludwlg.. 96
384 Rebel Jack .... 81 42' Imperious 84
424 Morlnel gj 314 Darechoto 76
<401)Mercutlo ...... 108' 2*9 Wawona 105
... Loudon 9Ci(39S)Fred Gardner.. .los
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race — The Dipper. Moringa.
Second Race— Earl Cochran, Walter J, Jack
Martin.
Third Bonibel, Racine Murphy. Cas
dale.
Fourth Race— Polish. Bernardino, Mamie G.
Fifth Race— 11. Sly, Lost Girl.
Sixth Race— Plan, Mercutio, Darechoto.
POOL-SELLING ORDINANCE.
Franß Corbett Acquitted by a Jury
in Judge Low's Court.
Frank Corliett, who was arrested last
November for violating the pool ordi
nance, had his case tried before a jury
in Judge Low's court yesterday after
noon. After hearing the evidence of the
arresting officer and the arguments of
r.uin-^1 the Jury retired and in a few
minutes returned with a verdict of not
guilty.
Jtidge Low pays it is impossible to get
a Jury to convict in such cases. an<l a
juror remarked to Prosecuting Attorney
Reynolds, after the verdict had been
given, that he did not see why Eastern
men should be allowed to come here and
make pools inside the race track and
local men prohibited from making pools
outside the track.
BUNKO MEN FOILED.
Detectives Arrive Just in Tirr)e to
Spoil T^eir Little Garrje.
James Morgan, C. P. Papus, William
Whiting and William Bailey, fr.ur well
known bunko men, were arrested
Wednesday night by Detectives CJibson
and Ejion.
The men were first noticed loit^rinp
around Market street with Charles Gil
len, a recent arrival from Alaska, jne
officers, becoming suspicious, watched
the men, and followed tlv-ni to th>- Lodg
ing house at the corner of O'Farrell and
Mason streets, breaking into the roum.
just as the four men were about to rob
the man from the frozen pokl fields.
The men were arrested and j/lnced on
the small book at the Central police sta
tion.
THE SAX FEANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JAXTJARY 14, 1898.
RACING TIPS
AND OTHERS
Mrs. Prentiss Said to Have
Played Horses and Lost Her
Milliner Shop.
She Denies This Allegation and Makes
Some Others to the Confounding
of Judicial Wisdom.
Juuge Hebbard has under advisement
a case delicate and difficult enough to
make a wise Jurist He awake o" nights.
In the first place It is a Quarrel be
tween women, so either way he decides
he must incur the scorn of one of them,
which is not a pleasant thing to incur.
There is understood to be no fury like
it.
Mrs. G. L. Prentias is a milliner and
so is Miss Minnie Gorman, once Mrs.
Prentiss had a shop and now Miss
Gorman has the same shop. The chang
ed condition is not satisfactory to Mrs.
Prentiss, but Miss Gorman, knowing
the value of possession to be equal to
nine points out of a possible ten, holds
on grimly. To all efforts to have her
ousted, bounced, ejected, set outside
the door, she presents a determined
front. Each contestant told her story
yesterday. In some particulars these
fall to agree.
According to Mrs. Prentiss she had
disposed of the business to Miss Gor
man for a paltry $230, the transfer be
ing temporary. Later she had made a
tender, of this sum and Miss Gorman
had declined to accept it or to permit
the former owner to resume the digni
fied position she had abandoned. As
she could not win the consent of M;ss
Gorm&n to this arrangement, she put
in a claim to some furniture in the
shop, thr worth of the property being
from $1000 to $135. according to the es
timates of the warring pair. To a
question, the witness replied that bets
on racing had not caused hfr troubles.
Miss Gorman then took the stand and
testified that the troubles of her ex
employer arose from a habit of play
ing the races and a weakness for
straight tips. She affirmed that the
money which should have gone to pay
for services rendered by millinery ar
tists really wont to the book-makers.
She claimed that she had bought the
shop In good faith and had put H2OO
into improvements so that the idea of
letting go was beyond all consideration.
With no part of this testimony did that
of Mrs. Prentiss agree, she denying
that the straight tip had aught to do
with the situation.
"With the affair elucidated only to
this extent it was turned over to the
Ju<lge and the Indies departed, not how
ever without an exchange of glances
more chilly than the dawn of a frosty
morning;
CORONERS INQUESTS.
The Market-Street. Railway Com
pany Blanked for Not' Having
Fenders on Their Cars.
Coroner Hawkins yesterday morning
held .in inquest on the body of Howard
R. IfcNlchol, who died a few days ago
from the effects of injuries received in
a collision with a Market-street car at
th« crossing f.f Eleventh street. After
reciting the Immediate i ause of death
the verdict goes on to say "and the uiry
blames the Market-street Railway < ;,, - m
pany for lack i.f efficient fenders where
by such fatalities might be avoided."
In the case <-f Mrs. Mary Duffy, the
24-year-old widow who pnisonti! herself
with carbolic field on the Wth inst the
verdict was that the decease!
laboring under a fit of temporary in
sanity.
For Illegal Flsrjlng-
The preliminary examination of
Michaels and Drake, who were arrested
last Saturday for using illegal nets in
the Salinas River, was held yesterday
before Justice Clark of Castrovllle anil
the accused were held for trial before
the Superior Court. These men were
caught by the Fish Commission deputies
while operating set nets which they had
stretched from bank to bank across the
Salinas River, near Castrovllle. The
county officers in that section of the
State always render the State officers
all t..e help they can in the matter of
upholding the game and fish laws.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Hortense N. and Harry C. Good to Ella J.
and Walter C. Good, lot on W line of Taylor
street. 137:6 S of Slitter. S 25:9 by \V SO: $1000
William H. Kelly to Stefano Uaclgalupi. lot
on S line of Russell street, DO W of Hyde, W
M by S 60: $10.
John Huston to H. W.- Onllett. lot on NW .
line of Howard street. 358:4 .S\V of First. BW I
41 a by NW X; $10. ;
Bamford Howard to Kathe C. Howard, lot I
on NW corner of Butie and Mississippi I
streets, W 25 by N 100; Klft.
John I-, and Jane Fulton to B. W. Foster,
lot on E line of Pennsylvania avenue M N of
Twenty-third street (Nevada), N 233, E 172, '
RE 32. S 220:10. W 200; $10.
John O. and Belle B. Rels to Ferdinand
Rets, lot on XV line of Kentucky street. 125 s
of Twenty-second (Sierra), S 2.". by XV 100: $10.
John H. Slvers to Joanna Fletcher, lot on
E line of Twenty-fifth avenue, 100 S of A
street. X IM. S 4:4 . BW to Twenty-fifth
street. N 34:8: $10.
George R. and Joanna Fletcher to Henry
Vorrath, lot on N'E corner of Eleventh avenue
and <' street. E GS by N 100; $20.
Mary E. and John W. »-a*- to Fdwln Law
rence, lot on SW corner of Twelfth avenue
and M street. W E7:fi by S 100; $10.
Robert W. and H>nry G. Pfaeffle to Ixmise
Pfaeffle, undivided half of lot on SE corner
of Ocean He use road and West High street,
R 3 dep. 41 mln.. W I":'",. N 86 dec:. 19 mm..
W 101:6, N 33 de*. 42 mln.. X 201:814. lot 1,
block 25, Noe Garden Homestead Union: $10.
Grace and Thomas W. Coolldse to Surah E.
Miller, lot on HE corner of Page and Cole i
streets. E 31:3 by N 100; $10.
Euthymlus Antonlades to Katherlne Antonl
ade?. lot on X line of Beulah street, 131 W
of Shradrr, W2sby N 137:6: Klft. -
Hlbernla Ravines and I^oan Society to Will
lam E. (undivided four-fifths) and Georgre W.
MlKhell (undivided one-fifth), lot on S line of
Turk street. 30 F. of Jones. E 27:6 by S 82:6; j
$15,500.
Michael J. Savage to Annie A. Scott (wife
of Walter A.), lot on E line of Tenth avenue,
200 S of H street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
William R. and Mary R. Thomas to William
G. Cox, lot on N corner of Arlington and Rose :
streets. NW C 5.01. N 11. NE 23.32. SB 75. BW
JtO. lot 15. Jones Addition to Fairmount: $10.
Ann Towns to Michael and Mary O'Doherty,
lot on N line of Mala street. 25 W of Cotta,
N 100 by W 25. lot 177, Spring Valley Home
stead: $10.
AI,AMEDA COUNTY.
Marion L. and Emily M. Mowry to Delia
Howry. 10 acres be(rlnninK at a point In cen
ter line of road leading from Niles to Howry's
Landing:. 14.731 chains SW from the point
where the center line of said road Is Inter
sected by N line 1£6.13-acre tract of land known
as survey No. 77, otherwise lot $7, on official
connected plat extension Mission San Jose,
thence SW 4.R43 chains by NW 20.63 chains, be
ing portion of Barton Mowry farm. Washing
ton Township: $10.
Mary Jephson to James P. Treanor, lot on i
NE line of county road running from Fruit
vale avenue W to Mornpra Valley and Summer
Ftreet. E 439:7 by N 410. boini? subdivision 4 of
Cameron tract, containing 4. 50 acres. East Oak
land; $10.
Joseph P. Treanor to Enclnal Bank, lot on
NE corner of Hopkins and Summer streets. E
4T.i:7 by N 410. being, plot 4 of Cameron tract
East Oakland; $10.
James E. and Nellie C. Crane. Albert, and j
Charles N. Wood and Albert Brown to J. H.
T. Watklnpon, lota 2S and 30, Piedmont tract!
Oakland Township, commissioners' deed: $1750.
Isaac J. and Acnes M. Losslns to J. H. T.
Watklnson. <ot 13, Piedmont tract, Oakland
| Township; $10.
M. C. and Myron T. Holcomb to J. II T
Watklnson. lot 59, Piedmont tract. Oakland
Township; $10.
Daniel and Mary Donovan to Fannie E
Underwood, lot on SW line of Grove an 1 Vine
streets. S 150, X IX. X ISO. w US to beginnlm?
bein<r lots X. T and '/.. block 5. Graves & Tay
lor tract. Berkeley: $10.
James A.. Irnin 8.. Georpe B. and Frank M
Marshall to Annie F. McCorkell (wife of J.
A.), lot on X llr.c of. University avenue. 11l 15
of Wont street. M 206 by E 50. beln* lots 10 and
IS, block 3. Shaw tract. Berkeley, quitclaim
deed: $10.
James Gardner to Sarah E. Gardner, lot on S
line of Haskeil street. 225 X of San Pablo ave
nue, E2sby 8 127:25. b»in lot 54. resubdivislon
of portions of blocks D and E, Carrison tract
Berkeley; Jin. ' '
Edwin and Busan R. "vThitcomb to Samuel
E. «nd Amelia Bretz. lot beplnnln^ at a point
184 S from point of Intersection of E Twenty
i seventh street and Shuey avenue, thence W
13* by S 40, being a portion of Shuey estate.
Brooklyn Township; $1500. t
Union Savings Bank to David Rutherford,
lots IS and 19. block A, King tract. Brooklyn
Township; $10.
j Herman and Eliese yon Duren to Joseph
Brenner, lut on SE line of High street, 44 SW
of Cumin, street, SW 4" by SE 116, being
lot 4. Howard tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Charlos W. Damon to Thomas H. Kelly, lot
on N line of Pacific avenue. 400 E of Chestnut
Street, E 50 by N 150:2, being lot 9. block 4,
lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda; $10.
Richard M. and Lucy H. Anthony to John
E. Qorkey, lot on the SW line of Twenty
fourth street. 105 \V of Linden. W 27 by S
: 131:9. block 633. Oakland: $1".
j Harris H. Man?enon to Eva E. Margeson.
lot on the SE line of Eleventh avenue, 30
; SW of East Eighteenth street, SW 90 by NE
100, East Oakland: Gift.
i William J. and Virginia R. Dlngee to Philip
P. Strauter, lot at intersection of the SW line
of Sunnyßide avenue with N Line of Oakland
avenue. NW 156.73, SW 60. SE 130.52, E 56.46
to beginning, being lots 17 and is. block C.
Bather Tract. Oakland Township: $5.
__ Sarah J. Knight to W. A. Knowles. lots
45, 46 and 21. block F, Broadway Terrace, Oak
land Township: $10.
! L. J. Byte to Edith Syle. lot on S line of
Virginia street, 225 E of Le Roy avenue. E
50 by S 125, being lot 10. block 18, Daley's
Scenic Park Tract. Berkeley: Gift.
J. P. and Nettie B. Grigsby to Theresa
Hughson (wife of George L.). lot on E line of
l.nion street, 181:6 S of West Fifth. S 25 by E
133:3. being lot IS, block 476, Brlggs Tract,
Map 2. Oakland; $10.
Anna M. Burton to Eleanor J. Davis, lot on
SW line of East Twelfth street. 165 SE Thir
teenth avenue. SE 50 by SW 150. block 39, Clin
ton; also lot on N corner Twelfth avenue and
East Twenty-fourth street. NE 100 by NW 150,
bl«ck ISO, same; also lot on NE line Nineteenth
avenue and East Twenty-sixth street. N 60 by
E 115. block 89, Map of Lots In Brooklyn. East
Oakland; $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Vie
Fox, lot 17 In plat 40. Mountain View Ceme
tery. Oakland Township: $60.
James Townsend Jr. to Frederick Townsend.
undivided half, interest in lot on X line of
I Ha-«kell street. 156.92 E of Mabel, M 12 by E 50.
j being lot 23. block B, Teachers" tract, Berke
ley; $10.
William and Annie E. Carroll to Helen M.
Wettsteln. lot D, block 52, Alameda Park
' stead, subject to mortgage. Aiamcda. HO.
M Dwyer to H. A. Abrott. lota 1 and 2,
block C 5, Town of Niles, Washington Township;
Edson F. Adams, John C. Adams (by attor
ney) and Julia P. A. Prather (and as attorney)
to Thomas P. Rocan. lot on W line of Euclid
avenue. 110 x of Warwick. N 70 by W 140, be-
Ing portion subdivision No. 1 Adams private
property. Oakland; $10.
Edson F. Adams. John C. Adams (by attor
ney) and Julia P. A. Prather (and as attorney)
to Mary A. Bates, lot on E line of Euclid
avenue. 255.2T> S of Adams street, S 10 by E
140, portion subdivision No. 1 Adams private
property, Oakland; «l".
O. F. W. and Catherine Schultze to Edward
Clark, lot on S line of Ninth street. 98 E of
Grove. X I by 8 51, block ■■2. Oakland: $10.
Harriet A. Morris (Moore). .1. W. Morris.
Theodore Oler Company and Charles Kee (by
commissioner) to Lowell J. Hardy, lot on SW
corner of Claremont and Mom avenues, S ME
NW 132:1. NE 109:7*;: E 161:5, to beginning,
being portion plat S, Hitchcock property. Oak
lan. Annex; $4ti?»3.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Mary A. Peterson, the middle one-third of lot
103, in plat (0, Mountain View Cemetery, Oak
land Township; $21.
D. L. Davis to Mamie Davis, lot on S line
of Alcatras avenue. 20". 97 Wof Baker street
W 40 by S 134. being lot 10. block 9, Herzog
tract. Berkeley; gift.
M. and Georgia B. Diggs to John C. Wood,
lot on E line of county road between Oakland
and San Leandro, 150 S of Orchard avenue, S
2.". by E 150, block B, Stone tract. Brooklyn
Township, quitclaim deed: grant.
F. J. and Augusta T. Fletter to Charles F.
Fletter. lot on E line of Oak street. 217:6 S of
Santa Clara avenue. N 19:1. E 123, S 23:2. W
123 to beginning. Alameda: $10.
Benjamin F. Le Warn.> to L,!zzie D. Knud
sen. lot on NX line of Bast Sixteenth street. M)
si: of Twelfth avenue, RE 50 by NE 100. block
S3, CHnton. East Oakland: gift.
A. P. and Mattie K. Murgotten to Edith C
Murgotten. lot 15. block - vv Alden tract at
Temescal, Oakland Annex I $10.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RL'SS IIOfSE.
W E Cummings. Wash Matterson. Cal
C H A!<»it. Arizona A Moore. Fescadero
.1 Tonkin?. Tinto E Paxton&f. OTOTllle
C 5 Slack. Tuliir.- !J R per, Yreka.
0 H Beeler, Tulare H Covert. Redwood C
1 Roberto. Portland O X M^Farland.^Hanfd
X Durand. N T * Mrs Barry, Nap*.
« E Seehon. Fresno h Walton, Geyservllle
A Moldenhaur. Wash II c Laasen. Alameda
•* \\ Turner, Wash | A I,ah«-r. Alameda
it- M V >sran * *' more I. Segelhorst. Alameda
\\ " 1-arhen. Stockton S E Baltard. S Rosa
A WorclufT&w. Mont W P O'Niel, Vhfah
F RenetMd. Hamburg Mrs Hooker, Uklah
F Crumley&w. s Rosa Miss Davidson. Pnrtld
J I. Stone. Boston Mrs ..rath. Placervllle
E mfth - c.il !.1 H Porter. Redding
\x- Murphy. <;ra-« Val "J H K!n . Grand Pass
U illlams&w. 3 Josef— Parker&w. Chicago
C Albert, Arizona J H Johnson, Chicago
J M Pierre, Idaho II Harrison. Sacto
J v Sweetser. Xavato .1 M Showers, I. Anir
'' tul " Pf.cadero A"W Hopkins, Woodld
A Touson. Varavllle C Stengel. Woodland
•i Blackburn, Reno U W Busby. Woodlnd
.1 <; Beach, PiacervUlc Stone. Winters
\\ -i Kesler. I. Anc k i>. Willis&w. Sacto
PALACE HOTEL.
II TJentley. Woodbridge ! \V }'■ Dudley N'T
.1 X Winslnw, i. Anß | P Jones & V 'x n
W M x- era «- N ' V J2 X Mac%o mber. Maine
W M Van Ileuson. N TITS Kurtz N V
V * £°?, ei^ X V \\ G Kurtz. Chicago
I. \ lull & -. X V Mrs Maxflcld. Maine
Mrs O A J .i..s. X V Mr- Flos*. Mass
Mrs L V Bell, NY C Monroe. L An c
>' '■ Costello. 13 .81 in -J if Kinkeatl. Xcv
I. N Osborne. .Minn |I) j Bonsfleld, X T
H v Commons. Minn ; F.aron yon Schroedcr
C \\ R ane, Sprin«nid: Cal
{•■ § Uliss, Sprinßfieid ; Baroness yon Schfoed
1- II <;i.. n. s Rafael or. r a i
A L llooa, X V j C F SpauldlnK. N J
\\ 8 Wickard. Ind j Mrs Spauldlns?. X I
V Irving. Riverside | Mrs X Adams. B Rosa
G Frost. lUvenMc i Miss L C Whttmoyer.
ON Reynolds!, nr.ersd: Pasadena
V A Mill. Riverside jL E Waller. Pa
W H Burke, Lonfoa F s Spiers, S Jose
It E Cooper. BC i I> Melone. Oak Knoll
Mrs R E Cooper. B C Mrs I> Me.one & i
Miss i: A BonnelLN T ! Oak Knoll
GH AND HOTEL.
T E Kennedy Aw. Sac, 1 A <; Law, Sydney
It F Howard &w. Cal T C Woodworth. Cal
L P Stephens. L. Ansr WF 1 Servant. Cal
•: A 7, rAvl " & iv. cal V W filler. Ansel, c
I! n IfarwidcGran YIP Roi<-hlln . Jackson
I- » Knewins. Lkdale Miss A Slnnott, S Jose
H It Lipnmn & w. Call L .1 Darden. Eureka
A Morris, Woodland H E Dusentmry Cal
X ' Jensen Vallejo E H Qrim Stanford
Mr, g v Berry, Term c; > ; Towle7Towlej
Miss M h Berry. Term P S Barsdon ft w Cm!
C Ed»rerton & w, I. A AC Traves. Phoenix
PII Ransom, X Bluff J Bird. Merced
T H Poison *f. Wash F Cogswell; I.odl
F A Cutler. !":■■» i It M Russell. Lodl
T E Kennedy ft w. Sac P r Mnrf. Stockton
J P Brown. Colfax F P Black, S Jose
J Franks, Chicago . ...
BALDWIN IIOTRL.
I. F!nnl«rar..w&c. Chi R C, Johnson. N V
J Taylor, s j.>?p .t IfcCudden, Vallelo
N Erkstoin. N V MS McCudden. VsJleJ
ICartln, Ncr <'lty Mrs J Rlcharda cal
J r Rlley, Denver Miss Ricbardi <";ii
Mr» Rlley Denver <; s t«y.>r. I, \ nK
1? Fleischer, H \!sta I 1" Paddetl, N V
W Turklngton, I>awsn C 0 Cuahman, <"hlca«ro
Q H Bbrader, N f A BeMaer, N T
I" C Johnson, l'nrtland W <: !"..wlpr. Seattle
I w Sweeney, Portland -I O'Neal, ftakiand
I- T Barm, Portland J Conway, Oakland
J o Btevenson, Pi rtld P Bacon, Oakland
W j Cahili. x v Mary Bach, Merced
S Reynolds, N 1 Miss ITepke. Merced
w l i; ; ,ss. x y J s Josepka, x y
LICK HOUSE.
J F Moody. Truckee B Granger. Grass Vnl
F \annes«i-w. Cal X Llnklater. Shin
MB C Munday, L An* Celtlcburn P
« L. Bwainftf. Mexico B F Rogers, S Barba*-a
8 \\ Van Syckle. Cal W X Carothers, S Rosa
J T Sprague. Idaho J D Lynch* L Anc
D M Wood bury. S Joss A T Hyde&w. Merced
<• L Bloat, Atwater <'. M Mott. Sacto
H F Karl. Iferced Ij D Lynch, Oroville
nr ji. Asa 5'- s Jqm w Miller, w&d. Oakld
I) A Duncan&f. Minn A J Lachman. Cal
A\ R Bpaldlns, Truck** J II Howell. Merced
NEW WESTERN* HOTEL.
M Madden. El Dorado X S Chase. Ottawa
£ Kermeen. L Ang \V B Bailey. Ottawa
« J Ma rp. 8 Cruz Miss Thompson Cal
V W Winter. Cal W C Llstman. L Gatos
T Claussen, Saim.ilito T Mossi. S Cruz
Jde Horn. Berkeley J P^^monica, a i
G R Crowley, Vallejo A LSoatelli. Petaluma
M Roberta. Vallejo T M Hughes. Or
T French. N Mexico M Hughes. Or
J Boyle. Stockton A Stoltenberg, S Jose
C Maxwell, Sacto
LATEST SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. January 13.
Stmr Gipsy. Inland. 20 hours from Monterey
and way ports; produce, to Goodall. Perkins
& Co.
/ SAILED.
Thursday. January 13.
Stmr Whltelaw, I^ockyer. Port Angeles. •
DOMESTIC PORTS.
MENDOCIXO— Sailed Jan Stmr Cleone,
for San Francisco. *
SAX DlEGO— Arrived Jan 13— Br ship Errol,
from Cardiff.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ran Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
C2l McAllister street: open - until . 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
S.W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets;
open until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
tSIS Mission street; open until 9 o'clock
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
MW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open till 9 o'clock.
MEETING. NOTICES.
YERRA Buena Lodge of Perfection No. _..-.
meeting THIS (FRIDAY)
E\ ENING, January 14, at 8 o'clock. A
GEORGE J. HOBE. Secretary. *O=£&
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
: Co. will be held at the office of the com-
pany. 327 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal..
on Friday, the 21?t day of January. IMS, at
the hour of 11 clock a. m.. for the purpose
of electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
I Ing. Transfer books will close on MONDAY
January 10. at 3 o'clock p. m.
\ E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DUTCH Mining and Milling Company—
regular annual meeting of the stockholders
of the Dutch Mining and Milling Company
will be held at the office of the company,
which office is now temporarily situated at
No. 319 California street. City and County of
San Francisco. State of California, on MON-
DAY, the 17th day of January. IS9S, at the
hour of two o'clock p. m. on said day for the
purpose of electing a board of directors for
the ensuing year, and also for the transaction
of such other business as may be brought be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books close Tues-
day, January 11th. IS9S. at 3 o'clock p. m.
GEORGE W. GERHARD. Secretary.
Dated San Francisco. January 6th. 1898.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Realty Syndicate will be held at the office
of the corporation, 14 Sansome st.. room 15.
San Francisco, at 3 o'clock on THURSDAY.
January 20. IS9S. to elect directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and for the transaction
of such other business as may come before
the meeting. • .T. C. WINANS. Secy.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Union Iron Works will be held at the office
of the company, 222 Market st., San Fran-
cisco, on TUESDAY. January 25. IS9B. at 11:30
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
J. OTt. GUNN. Secretary.
Office. 222 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
January 10. 1595. i v
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
A. O. H. Board of Erin.— Notice Is hereby
given that a special State convention of the
A. O. H., Board of Erin, will convene at Y.
M. I. Hall, 222 Georgia st., Vallejo, Cal.. at
12 o'clock noon. Saturday, January 15, IS9S,
to consider the report of the retiring com-
mittee in relation to the proposed amalga-
mation of the A. O. H.. Board of Erin, and
the A. O. H. of America. All State. County
and Division officers of the A. O. 11.. Board
of Eiin, are entitled to seats in the conven-
tion and to participate in the proceedings;
and all members of the order are cordially
invited to attend. By order
THOMAS McGINXISS, State Delegate.
P. McCITE, State Secretary-
Dated Vallejo. Cal.. January 12. IS9S.
THEY are closing out remnants of curtains,
dress goods, shoes, corsets, hosiery, under-
wear, bedspreads, towels, laces, linings,
trimming, veilings, etc.. very cheap at Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fourth St.-
MRS. DR. FISH. rm. 3. 116 A Grant are. : elec-
trician; alcohol. Turkish baths; unrivaled.
THE Secretary of the Protestant Orphan Asy-
lum of San Francisco herewith gives notice
that the following orphan and half orphan
girls and boys have been admitted at the in-
stitution on Haight st. from July 1, 1897 to
Jan. 1, IS9S: Rachel Crossiey, 12 years; Neva
Crossley. 10 years; Eva Crossley, - years:
Etta Lithgow, 13 years: Sophie Semler, 131/.
years; Emma Shoebridse, 11 years; Emeline
Burket, 5 years; Hilda Burket, 2 years; Lou-
isa Potts, 7 years: Minnie Potts. 4 years: Jes-
sie Potts, 3 years: Delma Cottrell, 8 years;
Lillle Borkman. 7 years; Annie Peterson. 13
years; Mabel Peterson, 3 years: Frank Me-
Kean. 2 years; Edward Burket. 9 years; Fred-
erick Berket. 8 years; Carl F. Berg. 11
years; David Cottrell, 10 years; George Bock-
man. 8 years; Albert H. Smith. 4 years.
PRACTICAL ship draughtsman and builder
open for engagement; design*, calculations,
all Information supplied to persons about to
build Yukon steamers. Draughtsman. 362 3d.
ABANDONED children In St. Joseph's Infant
Asylum from July 1, 1596, to December 31
ISS7: John Carey. 4 years; Frank Carey 5
years; August Collins. 3 years: Walter Con-
nolly. 4 years: Eddie Fallon, 5 years; Alice
Fallon. 3 years; Josie Stack. 5 years; Mary
Stack. 3 years; John Sullivan. 5 years; Frank
Sullivan 3 years; Edith Gallagher. 5 years-
Bell Gallagher. 4 years.
THE orphans and half-orphans admitted Into
St. Francis' Girls Directory Orphan Asylum
since July 1. 1597. to January 1. IS9B are as
follows: Orphans— Mary Brlseno. age 13-
Cella Briseno. age 8: Bertha Symon, age s'
Half-orphans— Marcella Matthews, age 7-
Frances Matthews, age 6: Adela Dobrogolskai
age 13: Victoria Dobrogolska. age 10; Mirtle
Kelly, .age 9; Bessie Kelly, age 7; Ida Kelly
age 6: Minna Kirby. age 5: Jennie Kirby, age
2: Ella Klley. age 12; Frances Camella age
6: Maggie McGlade. age 11. Boys— William
Kelly, age 5: George Kirby. age 7: George
Lee, age 2; John McGlade, age 8; Frank Mc-
Glade, age 7.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. room 6; tel. 6580.
MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
ROOMS whitened from $1 and papered $2 00 up.
239 Third St.
MRS. STEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
buths. 120 1 .- Geary St.. room 11.
JNO. HULTHEN. electro-magnetic massage
treatments: alcohol baths. 8 Mason st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 51 (forty cents per share), of
the Hutchinson Sugar Plantation Co., will be
payable at the office of the company, 327
Market st.. on and after THURSDAY, Jan-
uary 20. 1898. Transfer books will close on
Friday. January 14. UM, at 3 o'clock p. m
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse. Protestant, de-
sires situation: 2 years last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
GERMAN woman with a girl 4 years old, de-
sires situation: best references; country, 110'
good cook. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
SUPERIOR Swedish cook desires situation;
bsst references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Satter.
AI AMERICAN Protestant cook, .best of refer-
er.ces, desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 316 Sutter st.
ENGLISH cook, first-class references, wants
situation. MISS PLUNKETT. 424 Sutter st.
SCANDINAVIAN cook and waitress wants
situation: 6 years' references. MISS FLUNK-
ETT. 424 Sutter st.
GIRLS for general housework: best of refer-
ence?. Ladles' Exchange. 1023 Market St.
GERMAN Employment Office— MRs! LAM-
BERT, 417 Powell st. (tel. Main 5332). fur-
nishes beat help of all nationalities.
RESPECTABLE American woman wishes sit-
uation in small family of adults: good, plain
cook; no washing; $15 to $20 per month; no
postals. Please call 259 Stevenson st.
GERMAN seamstress wants work by the day;
children's dresses, boy's suits, plain sew-
ing, etc. 1204 Stevenson Ft.
WANTED- A woman wishes chamberwork or
plain washing: city. 509 Hayes St.
YOUNG woman of refinement and education
wishes position as companion to elderly or
invalid lady, or as companion-governess to
delicate child. Address box 566, Call office.
BOARD and room In exchange for light house-
work In a small private family by a girl 14
years old. Please address box 563, or call 9
Taylor st.
RESPECTABLE Swedish woman with one
child would like a situation in small family.
Please call at Potrero, 523 Connecticut st.
SITUATION wanted by a competent woman to
take care of an invalid: can furnish good
references. Apply at 1218 Mission st.
YOUNG teacher desires a position as day gov-
erness, or to assist children in school work.
Address Call branch office. 1505 Polk st.
GERMAN woman as nurse or light housework;
small compensation. 1120^3 Mission St., down-
Mairs.
YOUNG Scandinavian girl wants general
■ housework. 14Q9H Buchanan st. _
GIRL of. 19 would like position to do nursing:
willing to work for $5 a week. Address 664Vs
Howard st., room 54.
SITUATION wanted by a competent woman to
do housework: Is good cook and laundress;
city or country. Call at 759 Mission st.
SITUATION wonted by young girl to assist In
•general housework: plain cooking; wages $15.
Please call at 441 Thirteenth st.
GOOD German cook, willing to do housework;
best of references. 1023 Market st.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to take care
of children. Call at 871 Shotwell st. .
NEAT Swedish girl wishes upstairs or second
work In • private family; high testimonials.
Address NANCY, 121. Mission St.
GERMAN girl wishes situation as second and
general housework. Call 1022 Larkln.
YOUNG girl desires a situation to assist In
housework or do upotalrs work. 513 . Mc-
Allister st.
WANTED— Position by, quiet, domestic person-
neat, quick worker: understands all kinds
of sewing; reasonable wages. 329 Ellis st.
RESPECTABLE lady with little girl wishes
situation as housekeeper; city or short dis-
tance In country. Call before 12 o'clock. 1719 A
Eddy st.
SITUATION wanted by a good sewer in dress-
maker's establishment, where she can im-
prove: willing to work for small pay. Box
ECS, Call office.
SITVAI-ONS W-NTED— Continued.
COMPETENT woman 'would like a position as
working housekeeper or do chamberwork In
hotel or lodging-house. Apply room 3ft, 704H
Mission st., near Third. •
GERMAN woman wishes a situation to do gen-
eral housework or as housekeeper: good plain
cook; by rtie week or month; $10 to $12 per
month. 304 Howard st.
SITUATION' wanted for light housework and
cooking or cooking lor men in city or coun-
try. Call at S2l East Sixteenth St., East
Oakland.
GERMAN girl. wishes a position in a German
family t6 do general housework. Address 436
Jessie St.
STRONG Danish girl wishes a situation to do
cooking or general housework. Call at 2847
Fillmore. near Green.
COOK— First-clais German and American
cooking wishes situation; city or country;
wages $23 to $30. 34S Third St.
ANY kind of sewing, family mending, etc.;
children's work a specialty. Address Seam-
Fir.^s. 219 Golden Gate aye.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as house-
keeper or cook on a ranch; good references.
1520 Howard st.
COLORED woman desires a place to do house-
work or care for doctor's offices. 1024 Jack-
son st.
RESPKi 'TABLE girl, good seamstress, wants
position In a tailor-chop. Address M. 8.,
Fruitvale Postofflce. Cal.
woman wishes a situation to do general
housework. 1414 Lyon St.. near Polk.
PLAIN sewing and mending done at 128 Fourth
St.. room 9. first floor.
ELDERLY German lady wishes situation to do
light housework. 2402 Polk st.
WANTED — Respectable, experienced woman
with four-year-old child, will do good cooking
and housework for $12 _ month: country pre-
ferred. Address box 452. Hayirards.
RESPECTABLE woman, with boy, wishes
situation as working- housekeeper; city or
country. Address box 549. Call office.
GOOD seamstress, understands dressmaking,
wishes place for upstairs work and sewing;
references If required. Address 443 1 * Natoma.
THOROT'GHLY competent German lady's
maid wants situation. Address box 545. Call.
YOUNG lady wishes a position where she can
attend an evening school. Address 427 Grove.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
EXPERIENCED French girl wishes situation:
flrst-olass cook or housekeeper; city or
country; best references. 137S Sacramento.
T. 27 MONTGOMERY, cor. (May- Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
IC7 NINTH st. -Branch office of The Call:
«»b«crititlons and want ads taken.
SITIATIOXi WAXTED-MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese: estab. 20 years; help;
tel. Main 19<<7. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay St.
JAPANESE employment office; work day. hour
or evening. 122% OFarrell St.; tel. Davis 605.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment office;
best help. 414 V; O'Farrell. Tel E. 426.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 33 Geary st. Tel. Grant 56.
HUNTER & CO., Chinese End Japanese emp.
office. 614% California St.: tel. Main 231.
WANTED— By a man, work in private family;
understands care of horses, cows and gar-
den: willing and obliging; city or country.
Address R. MATHISEN. 914 Central aye.,
Alameda.
SITUATION wanted — Job compositor or fore-
man printing office; competent; 16 years' ex-
perience: city or country. W. B, POWELL.
care Occidental Hotel, city.
BoiLER maker with first-class references: also
Ma>ksmith capable of tempering all kinds of
tools, wishes position in mines; any place.
Box SO. Call office.
GOOD, plain hotel or restaurant waiter de-
s!r.= a steady position. Inquire at New At-
lantic Hotsl, Montgomery aye.; tel. 612 Davis.
MIDDZJC-AGED man wishes a positton as sec-
ond cook or kitchen helper. Inquire at 129
Third ?t.
FIKST-CLASS all around cook wishes situa-
tion. Address box 564.
WANTEP-Otrl to assist In housework; wages
110. 15X1 Bush st.
GARDENER; single: thoroughly competent In
all branches gardening and greenhouse work.
flrst-class references; would like position
with private family. Box C 33, Call office.
AN experienced and practical "Ladles Tailor
Cotter" is < pen to an engagement; late from
Paris and London. Address box 557. Call.
SITUATION wasted by experienced cook, Ger-
man, steady and competent: restaurant or
coffee and lunch houro; best of references.
RE4 Mission St., room 1.
YOUNG boy (Japanese) wants position as cook
or waitrr, housework; last place 4 y*ars; has
best references. 53 Minna St., rear.
JAPANESE first-class butler wants place In
city or country: best reference. Address HO
TOSHIKADO, 121 Haight st.
CHINESE, good cook, with good references,
wants position In private family, city or
country. H»-814 Pacific st.: tel. main 1301.
FIRST-CLASS waiter, Japanese, wants place
in city or country; best reference. Address
K. HASHINO, 121 Halght st.
Y<>l"NG married man of good habits, refer-
ences, desires position; good around horses;
not afraid of work: In private family or any-
where. Box 520, Call.
339 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subs* riptlone and ads taken.
FIRST-CLASS paperhanger and painter, hav-
ing a complete outfit of ropes, etc.. wants
work. 1302 Webster st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c to $1 50 per night:
tl 50 to $6 per week: convenient and respect-
able; free bus and baggare to and from ferry.
MONEY loaned n watches, diamonds, jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
GIRL. Turk. BS; girl, San Rafael. $20; 3 girls.
Berkeley, $20; 4 girls. Berkeley. $25:
girl. Broadway, no washing. $16; girl.
Gough. $20; girl, Gough. 2 In family.
$25; gJrl. Pierce. $20; girl. Post. $1S: girl, Bry-
ant. $1S; girl, Jackson, $25: girl. Eddy. $25;
girl. Golden Gate aye.. $20; girl. Washington.
$2."; g.rl. Baker. $20; 2 girls. Broderick. fSO; 6
nurs.>glrls. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market St.
GIRL, Batter, 115; girl. r.Mnt Lobos. $15;. girl.
Novato, $15; girl. Hyde, $15; girl, Cential av>\,
$15: girl. Pine, ?15; girl. O'Farrell, $1.".; girl,
Hr. • leriek* $15; girl. Fruitvale. $15: girl. Oak-
land, $20; girl, Fulton. $15: girl. Bryant. $15:
girl. Webster, $15; girl. Oak. $15; girl. Cali-
fornia. $15; 20 young girls. $S, $10 and $12 per
month, nice families. MARTIN & CO., 749
Market st.
CHAMBERMAIDS and wait. $10 and room; 5
cooks. $20 to $30 and room; 8 waitresses, $5
per week; 11 waitresses, $15 and room; 4 wait-
resses, $18 and room; 7 waitresses, $20 and
room; 2 waitresses. $6 a week. MARTIN &
CO., 749 Market st.
COOK, BakersfielJ, $25; second work, Oakland
$25. MISS cn.LKN. 325 Sutter St.
REFINED woman as companion to invalid
lady; country; see parties here. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS. $20; chambermaid, wait one
meal, $20. MISS cn.LEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT second girl. $16. MISS CULLEN 325
Sutter st.
T\V« second girls. $2r, and $20; nurse, $20 MISS
(TLI.KM, ,?25 Sutter st.
COOK, Modesto. $25; 2 cooks, Stockton $25
each; Benicia. $20. and other towns: 8 house
work girls, city and country. $20 and $'5- 6
young pirls assist. $10 ° $15. MISS C '^-
LEN. ME Butter st.
FRENCH maid. $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
NURSE. $10. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. '
REFINED French nurse; child 4 Tears $•>-.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ' *"d-2" d -
2 cit AI IESSES ' Same country hote1 ' near
Waitress, country hotel, south. $"0
Waitress, commercial hotel, north $"*> 50
4 restaurant waitresses, $4 and $5 ' '
. 3 private family cooks, 530. .
4 cooks, German style, private $25
Strong Irish girt, cook and housework, $25
14 girls, housework, $20 and $15
12 young girls to assist. $10 and $12
C. R.. HAXSEX & CO.. 108 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid for city hotel
$17 £0. C. R. HAXSEX & CO.. 108 Geary st.
Vi«s Germ . an - French and Protestant and
Irish second girls, $20 and |25; 2 German and
American nurses. $20; 5 cooks. German style.
$.v: Protestant cook and laundress, Marin
(.ounty, $2j; ironer in laundry. $20: I wait-
resses, hotels. $20; cook, small hotel. $25"
and a great many girls to fill uur numeroua
PTTi nr l'J n ,city, city and cou ntry. J. F. CROS-
_ETT & CO.. 31H Sutter st.
WANTKI»-Nice giri for resort near city, to
wait on table, do chamlierwork. etc.; $20 per
month and free fare; also a cook for family
?C v-i?-$.D a » l 1!? or W«Mli»i $25 month. W.
D. E\\ LR & CO.. 626 Clay st
GIRL for housework. Bakersfleld. $25: girl for
Him) -*■?" ' t2O: ~' Ktrls for city p ! aces - ****
AS companion and assist In household duties
t>y renned English woman: husband going to
Alaska; salary not so much object as com-
fortable home. A. L.. box 567. Call office
YO I~ NG Kirl asslst - - in family; bet 9 and 10
1422 O Farrell st.
HELP WASTED- Contlnned.
GERMAN employment office, MRS. LAM-
BERT, 417 Powell St., has places for girla
of all nationalities.
BTENOGRAPHER and cashier (confectionery
business)*; salesladies, art store; photograph
gallery clerk. 313 Bush.
YOUNG lady for sewing machine branch of-
fice- dentist office bookkeeper: novelty goods
saleslady; office cashier. 313 Bush.
WANTED— Bookkeeper and correspondent;
saleslady: office copyist; cooks an.l house-
girls. Ladies' Exchange, 1023 Market st.
GIRL for housework and cooking, San Rafael,
$20: see lady here. MISS PLUNKETT, 424
Sutter st.
COMPETENT girl for general housework;
small American family. 719 Cale St., between
Waller and Frederick.
WANTED— GirI, German preferred, general
housework; small family; wages $13; refer-
ences required. SIEVERS, UOIA Scott st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework;
small family; good home. 1510 Vallejo st.,
near Polk.
WANTED— Young girl to take care of baby
and make herself useful in general. Call at
once, 313 Bartlett st.
GIRL assist care of baby; sleep home. 2643
Bryant aye.
YOUNG woman to do cooking In private fam-
ily. Apply 9 to 10 a. m., l"t-",r« Ootavla st.
GIRL for cooking and watting on table; wages
$2". Call bet. 10 and 4. 1603 Scott St.
FRENCH waitress and cook, $25 per month;
Call to-day. 1023 Market st.
GIRLriSTo 15 years old; light housework; no
children. MRS. TEUBNER..B33O Twentieth.
GOOD finisher on pants. 102 Minna st.
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts. THE
BRENNER-ULMAN CO., 17-19 Battery St.
WOMAN to do gentleman's washing and
mending. Address box 555, Call office^
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Karris, 15 Grant ay.
DR WISE, the ladies' specialist. 1118 Market
St.; monthly troubles, etc. One visit sufficient.
WANTED— Experienced operators on men's
fancy flannel and white shirts; also a lim-
ited number to sew on buttons: will also
take a few Inexperienced for Instruction.
Standard Shirt Factory, cor. Gough and
Grove sts.
THE JllcDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School Is the best place to learn; Mechanics'
Fair diploma; patterns cut 25c up. 103 Post.
OPERATORS on flannel ovcrshirts and under-
wear: inexperienced hands taken and taught.
Levl Strauss & Co.. 321 V. Fremont st.
LAWRENCE Dress-Cutting School. 1079 Mar-
ker 6t. ; a perfect fit guaranteed without try-
ing on: call and be convinced.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ad? taken.
MALE HELP WAT.TED.
WANTED— For Yukon, second engineer, $150;
blacksmith, $150: cook, $150; all with board
and fare paid ; each man must have $500 to
$1008 cash; responsible company; arrange-
ments to be made in this city; intelligent
business men only need apply. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
/ANTED— Physician and surgeon for a Yukon
company; must have $2000; responsible com-
pany; arrangements to be made In this city;
free' fare. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— American cook, single man, for in-
stitution, $50; cook, country restaurant. $25
and found: waiters, dishwashers and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— 2O railroad tiemakers. 8 to 10c: vir-
gin timber; tools advanced; pay monthly.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Manager for subscription depart-
ment of publishing house, $7." to $150; school
furniture salesman, on commission; carpet
salesman. 10 per cent commission. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Quartz miners. $3 day; choreman.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62$ Sacra-
mento st.
MURRAY & READY
Want to-day, machinist for a large sawmill,
see boss at our office, $55 per month and
found; 2,0'W.m0 ties to cut, redwood, pine-
wood, for S. P. R. R., S. J. V. R. R., Santa
Fe R. R. and trusts, corporations, etc, Sc, 9o
and TV each; ■wheelwright, country shop, sea
boss here: " grafters for orchards; cooks.
waiters, dishwashers: also many other places
too numerous to advertise; if you want work
come and see MURRAY & READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 656 Clay St.;
telephone Main SS4S.
TIEMAKERS
50 men to make redwood railroad ties; good
timber; new camp: tools advanced; wages,
7xBxS, 10c; 6xSxS, Sc; 6xSx6. sc: long job. For
further particulars apply to C. R. HAXSEN
& CO., 10S Geary st.
WANTED— Experienced driver for delivery-
wagon in city, references required, $35 per
month and found; good cook for 2 in family,
no baking. $25 per month and found: 2 wood-
choppers, ji 40 per cord, board $3 per week;
farmers, milkers and others. W. D. EWER
& CO., O> < 'lay st.
WANTED— HoteI clerk; 4 salesmen; 2 shoe-
makers: good butcher; waiter; 6 good men
for outdoor work. Clerk's Exchange, 1023
Market st.
SALESMAN to sell goods to Oregon trade.
Clerks' Exchange. 1023 Market Bt.
FOREMAN for paper box factory; surveyor:
draughtsman: floor walker; elevator man; 20
new orders with first-class business houses
reported to-day; no cost to investigate
Clerks' Exchange, 313 Bush, 1023 Market and
1018 Washington, Oakland.
SHOEMAKERS to get men's calf uppers, $1;
same to orders, best American, $1 50. SHIR-
LEY, 921 Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers wanted; also man
that understands to act as foreman of back
shop. Chicago Woolen Mills, 775 Market st.
WANTED— Good general blacksmith; must
have $s<v>. Box C. Call, 16th and Mission sts.
TEN men with families to go to Alaska; all
expenses paid; investigate. 1023 Market st.
WANTED — Second cook for restaurant! *>33~
Sixth st.
WAITER wanted at 515 Valencia St.; $15 and
room.
RK<;iSTERED drug clerk; must be Al man
1023 Market St.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United. States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of tha
United States., or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such: "must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and wrjte English, and be be-
tween 5 feet i Inches and 6 feet in height
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting office. 20 Ellis st, San ' Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— A sheep ranch manager; the ranch
is large and centrally located: grain and hay
are products: manager must be experienced
and a good business man; none others need
apply, and advertiser will not undertake to
answer all letters; state age. experience and
qualifications, family, if any. etc. Address
Box 4118. Call Office.
CARPENTER wanted to rent house of four
rooms and bath and carpenter shop and nt-
tend to customers till owner returns from
Klondike; references required: rent $10. B.
MARTIN. 12 Bachq st.nr St. Mary's College.
WANTED — Doctor for medicine company;
must have diplomas and lecture. Write with
full particulars to J. O. OLIVER, Grand Cen-
tral Hotel, Sto< ktoa, Call
FIRST-CI*ASS head waiter for a large hotel,
$sr>; state experience, references and height
Box 554, Call office.
YOUNG boy with experience In grocer; Ger-
man preferred. Chestnut and Mason 1 sts
WM. PATSEN.
WANTED— TaiIor to buy a tailor-shop dome
good business. Call at once, 506 Eighth st
Oakland.
BARBER wanted. Apply at 1 Ellis st.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; choice heln
furnished,. '■< Powell st.. room 2: tel. Clay 78J.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
PARTNER for pork and sausage store; small
capital: good trade. 235 Third st.
WANTED— An experienced city salesman.
Brownstone Aim- Company, 331 Ellis st.
E. SIMON wants 100 men to get bottle beer
• or wine. sc; best free lunch. 643 Clay st.
ROSE DALE House, 321 Ellis— Roome 25c to $1
night: $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 604 Davis si. near Jackson.
MEN'S solelng, 50c; !adies\ 40c: while you
wait. 62S Market: branch, 767 Market.
BARBERS" Association Free Employment Of-
flee. S. FUCHS, Sec. 325 Grant aye.
4 MARKET St.— Branch office of Tha Call-
want ads and subscriptions taken.
£15^ L ' ? IN l lnch office of V The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken. '
"^s" £m^oS? Eg^ *£*«HEL.P WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— Montana House. 7Wi Mission: j
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $: per week.
WANTED, to collect v. ,■■.■.- due laborers and I
clerks. KXOX Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
THY Acme House, 957 Market st . below Sixth. I
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED — laborers and mechanics to know ]
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 lares
rooms; 23= per night; $1 to J3 per week.
WINCHESTER House. M Third st.. near
Market; 100 rooms, 23c a night; reading-room: I
free 'bus an 1 baggage to and from the ferry. j
FMIMTII.!: W.V>rtD.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. S4O Mls-
Elon st.: tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 11 Mont-
gomery Ft. : highest prices paid. Tel. Davl* 71.
Kit" V. \\ ' .'!•:».
Two or ?. rooms for housekeeping. Address
box E69. Call oftlce.
WANTED-r-In San Rafael, a modern house or 6
to S rooms"; must bo low rent and in a good
location A'Mr^s box 4(82. Call office.
\\ ii:i)->HS( Ki.l, iM',lll B.
WE buy all kinds of second-hand »>!.•», stoves
etc. JAMES • 'URTIN. U23 Market st. •
SECOND-HAND clothing, dresses, sealskins,
wanted; lust prices; send postal. 1020 Folsom.
OX furniture, pianos; no removal: Inweyt rates-
no com. SCRIBXER & CO.. 7 City Hall Sqre.
M \CHTXEHY. belting, pipe, scales, tools, etc.,
bought and sold. J. Livingston, 204 Mission.
PAWNBROKER gold, silver, cfTst-oft
clothing bought. Add. :•.•■,- 41 Third.
MIDK.U.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from wbaUver cause restored at once; safe
and sure at any t:rne: nd sympathy and
aid: instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity: home In confinement:
b.>st c»rr and privacy: for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor before going elsewhere;
regulating pills a.nd capsules. Si. MRS. DR.
' RTH. 918 Tost St.. near Larkin.
ALL of l)r Fou let's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects: taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price 60 per box. sent free by
mail on receipt of price: .... on all
specia, diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye., S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chfiaing elsewhere, write us.
HR. V COX DORY, M. D.--Expert physician,
late of Hot Springs, Ark . has opened an of-
fl.<f at Ss^ Howard st. Syphilis, chronic dis-
eases of the skin, stricture, gonorrhoea, piles,
nervous prostration, rheumatism, swollen and
stiff joints, contracted muscles and all secret
diseases cured by special treatment. Xo in-
terference with patients' work. Hours. 9 a.
m. to 12 m.. 2t05 p. m. nd 7toSp. m.
A PROCESS that never fails to restore every
rase of monthly sickness from whatever
cause li few hours when medicines and others
have fallori; no instruments used: many
■years' experience; every case guaranteed; ad-
vice fre«: terms reasonable; first-class pri-
vate he me for confinement. MRS. DR.
DALEY. 112S Market St.. over Owl Drugstore.
SIRE cure, wh-n others fail: no medicine or
instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for al! female troubles, no matter from
what cads**: restore in 1 lay; never fails: con-
sultation free; can be sent and used at home.
DR. FOP! 318 Kearny. Orders by tele.
DR. AND MRS WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye., for;. "2-1 Eddy St.— Safe, quick cure
for all f male eo.T.plalnts quasar.teed: p't-
- vate home In confinement: every comfort;
. infsnts adopted: terms moderate: p!!N $1.
DRS.GOODWIX, diseases of men; ladles:
safe, quick cure guaranteed: any ailment:
maternity home:' best care; s!:lll only; low-
fees; Dr. Schuck's self-cure, $■">. 401 Van Ness.
ALPEAUTS French i Ills, a bonn to ladies with
fetnA ■• tri^r'ps: no danger; -:.ife. .in- 72 s*;;
express C. O. IV: don't delay until I'M Into.
OSGOOD BROS." Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
REMOVED-=-Mrs. Dr. Scott. 410 Geary st., now
110} Market: female complaints and diseases
of the eye permanently cur»*d or no charge;
treatment by mail: inclose stamp.
LADIES— Why suffer? Get released from
trouble: irregularities restored without fail;
low fe.es: specific female pills, a ■.!■ DR.
SMITH. 1208 Market st. ; 1 to 4. 7toB p. m.
A l-OOX tri wiv-^s and mothers — S^guro; prlo"
Jl 50. RICHAKDS & CO., 4C>S Clay st.: s»nd
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing- Co.. (31 X st.. Sacramento. Cal.
FEMALES In trouble, consult a reliable phy-
sician: monthlies restored without fall: low
fee: fcn:a!.. [.ills $1 50. DR. SMITH. JSOS Mar-
• k-t St.; 1 to 4. 7 to s p. m.
T>T-!S. K. A- K. cure chronic, nervous, blood,
skin or private diseases. S Mason st. S. F.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; Infallible safe reme-
STERILITY lined by Mm. Dr. Sattler, gradu-
ate midwife. 1733 I'owell st. : t-l. red 2041.
PARIS MATERXITY. €00 Bust St.: confine-
ment at home, 10 days. $20. Tel. Green GSI.
• HEALTHY child for adoptl-o. MRS DR.
Fl'XK''. 1-T. Eiuhth St.. Alam<»<la.
HORS l>.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
<.r exchanged: cheap storage: 40 horses: must
sell. T. P. XEWELL, ISO 2 Mission. c«,r. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. "27 Sixth ft., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
£0 HEAD of horses suitable for any business.
Old Turk street Car Stable. 1301 Turk et.
4 MARKET st.— Branch office of The call ;
wart a ,ic niil mihucrlpttonn taken.
WAGO.fS \M» carriages:
\VAXTEI>— Light 2-horse wagon for camping
purposes; must be cheap and In flrst-clafi.
ordor. Address HOFFMANN. 320 Minna st.
SE<"OXD-HAXD grocery, bakery delivery
v.agons, 2-wheeled carts, road wagons, bug-
gies and harness bargains for cash. Fiftetnth
and Valencia sts.
TOP buggy, new grocery, business buggy and
gr,od 3-ypring delivery wagon. 1161 Howard.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. S2S Harrison st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
'"all. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 60, postage
free.
TEAS.
TKAS.
20, 25, 20. 33, 40. •50 per pound.
COFFEES,
10, 15, 25, 2fi. BS, 40 per pound.
SPICES,
10, 15, 20, 2">. 40 per can.
RUNNING 100 STORES ENABLES US TO
SELL VERY CHEAP.
WE GIVE FREE
PRETTY DISHES.
GOLD WATCHES,
BICYCLES,
MI'SIC BOXES,
AIR RIFLES.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
LOST.
LOST— A pass-bock with the Hlbernia Savings
find Loan K<x'ioty of Ban Francisco; Xo. 192,-
70 i. The finder will please return to bank.
KLOXDIKE stick pin. valued as a keepsake,
on Hayes-st. car or at Polk-st. transfer.
Liberal reward. 1912 Polk St.
LOST— A pass-bonk with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of Ban Francisco, in the
name of EDWARD H. GEIB, No. 204,658.
The finder will please return to bank.
P.RIXG oil gold and silver to me, and get cash
for it. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
/. V t PROPOSALS.
B~Al?T : R^X??i^«n^CaTr~Decernber 16. 1597.—
Sealed proposals, In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 12 M SATURDAY. Janu-
a ry 15. IS'JS, and then opened, for furnishing
22 cavalry horses and 1 artillery horse at the
Presidio of San Francisco. Government re-
serves right to reject or accept any or all
bids, or any part thereof. Bids will be con-
sidered for a less number of horses than
that ftated. l Preference riven to articles of
domestic production, conditions of price and
quality (Including in the price of foreign
productions the duty thereon) being equal,
and such preference given to articles of
American production produced on the Pacific
Coast to extent of consumption required by
the public service there. Information fur-
nished on application to JAMES M. MOORE,
Assistant Quartermaster General, U. S. A.,
' -hi'-i 'jiarifrmnsipr
„_ T'l LEASE.
OLD T M ,' c ' A. buildtn*. 232 Sutter it., to
x?#rv£ r «« n * term of lleea * c - APP'y to H. J.
M COY. Mason and Ellis sts.
Tl ii;\\itni:i.>.
BBMINGTON No 3 i :,- oc^rTwi
■ent. facOTT & BASNAN, ZX Montgomery.
HISIXKSS CHAMRS.
CHOP bouse and restaurant, established
many years and doinn a llrst-class IrtU
meals, 20 cents and above: choicest location
opposite terry landing; rent low; I. -.!.-■■
WILKB, ~.^ Market m.
$250- SALOON establish ,1 cam: close t
theaters and Baldwin Hotel; low rent, doing
good paying business; Orst-class bargain.
WILKE, 7>3 Market st
J ' SALOON; established many years; sur-
rounded by Shipping offices ami factories;
rent JIT; a first-class, paying place; actual
value about $800; bargain. Particulars
WILKE, 7^3 Market f-t.
$2KQ— RAREST chance; corner saloon la very
best lc.ution in city; established many
years: clearing above $:."•" per no ; lease:
larpe stock; the very best cln«s of customers
Particulars, WILJKE, 781 Market Bt.
$600— OL,l:> and first-class paying saloon; dose
to Baldwin Hotel; best cla*4 of custom: net
rent $6'j; a rin» business opening. Inquire
WTLKE, TSS Market st.
»500— OLD-ESTABLISHED corner saloon, best
part of the city, will !»■ sold by ih< brewery
direct; a gruu.l bargain. WILKE. 783 Mar-
ket st.
PARTNER wanted; light Indoor bu
steady man required. CURRAN .v CO., 80
Kearny st.
NOTICE— STRAND « ■ ny st., will
t-eli your business quick for cash.
Jino _ s A i, Ol , N  . .; ,
dears $7." monthly; a sure bargain; offer
wanted. BTRAND .\ CO., -"< Kearny si
V> PISH and oyster market; big trade; good
horse, wagon; clears over Jicn month: must
sell; make offer. STRAND & CO.. 23 Kearny.
'ARPENTER chop and shooting gallery;
ngatn. CURRAN .v CO.. SO Kearny Bt.
BAI> X )N; half i rii c; g >lng I
CURRAN & <•" . : Kearny st.
1225 BRANCH bakery .ml variety Bl
rooms. CURRAN Kearny st.
$200— Partner In saloon doing paying business.
CURRAN fc CO
NOTICE ARMSTRONG & <
n.. will .<.•!! v.ur business quick for cash.
GROCERY and l ar; fine location.
Restaurant doing good bui
?■ - ■ ,use; best location.
$iiS kery near Market st.
Bee ARMSTRONG .<.- ALLISON. 865^4 Market.
(350 HOTEI ••'■: well paying.
■ in city.
Western Addition.
< Coal oil route: well established.
•■ ani .I<ii a bargain;
and ol
ANDERSON .V «!\N. 777 Market St.
with ab \•■ Bum w.i •■
join another with cam • amount to Btari
kind business at Dyea or Skaguay. PAYNE,
box
PLAT tl ■ ' new systet-
•llliess Ml,' •
• r write the American Turt Bureau,
r loma 5 .. - F.
WANTED a boarding-bouse by the Ist of
March ; 10 to 14 i ible for two
ntrj . Address X . box
■
[ROCERY and bar; chance In lifetime;
worth tiei.le; Si til $:.'" : must I I
at once. M LESS, 765 Market.
I •
going away. Union Manu-
facturing Company, 1020 Market st., room I.
WANTED Partner witl I - : t.usi
I •
• . ROBERT BENJAMIN, 111 _.1!K city.
ountry merchant tailor-
ing establishment: b 1 bargain for a cash
Apply REISS HK< >s.. 24 Butter st.
FOR SAL! and book store; fine
1 :irgain. N. A., box il, Cull
office, ( lakland.
CANDY-STORE; Mar,
nth; offer wanted. DECKER, 1020 Market
WAN! will of c Mintry a
price: no agents. Bo«
$3."0 — CIGAR and news stand in railroad sta-
tion. 5.. bos 10, Call office, Oakland.
?."</»— Restaurant; good business; trial given.
233 Sixth st.
WANTED — Capable lady manager: some cap-
ital; rare chance. MRS. A., box 537. Call.
DRUGSTORE doing a pood business: sick-
ness cause of sale. E. E. BL'XCE, 90S
Broadway, Oakland.
?IK>O— BAKERY and confectionery in the best
part of city; store trade daily $19 to J22;
Sundays ?.1S to $4<l; outside trade 9 to 11;
without wapon route. Apply Call Office.
1151 MISSION For sale, branch bakery, candy
and notion store: ?!"."».
YOfXO woman with a child " years, wants
position (i.- housekeeper 229 1 ' Sixth st.
GENTLEMAN partner, commission business
In the country. 1013 Market, rm, 17. 2d floor.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap. Inquire at 43
Third st. No agents.
$1000— CORNER grocery and liar; fine loca-
tion; good horse and wagon; established
trade; low rent; full value In stock. Box
I Mft - Ca » office.
j PARTNER— Stock in hand Invoices over {30.000;
trade big; too large, for one to handle: man
more than cash wanted. Box 543. Call office.
FOR SALE— WeII established cigar and nIT
Uon store. IS3 Eleventh st.
AN undivided one-fifth Interest in mlnlnK
proposition, located in very heart of richest
gold bearing district in California; no assess-
ments; no further expense; will pay from
}:. to JlO a day: present owner must sell-
I>rice JIVjO. Box 4151. Call O/flce.
FOR sale— Flower atore, doing fine business]
good reason for Felling; established 4 vears-
low rent. For further particulars ai'i.'resa
box 621, 'all office.
DOWNTOWN notion-Btore. located In th 7
heart of the traffic, with a Rood stock and
long lease at low rent; price $f,o>>o: principals
only; good reason for selling. 1314 Call.
CHEAPEST and beet In America— The Weekly
Call, sent tr. any address in th« United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free. . .:-;■:
GROCFRY and branch bakery; well eatab-
lished. :■•: Howard st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 rents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
tZ2d MlSSlON— Subscriptions and want ads
taken for The Call.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 1", Grant ay.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or at 113 Third St.. Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE nnd tea routes supplied from OEO.
W. CA SWELL & CO.'S. 4] Sacramento st.
|23— STORE to let. cor. Oak and Franklin; rait-
able for any business. 15 Grant aye.
ICECREAM parlor and randy-store; account
of death; bargain. 834 Valencia.
BAKERY in One country town, sold at a bar-
rr,in. Apply 2.'29 McAllister st
LODGI.NG HOICKS for SALE.
34 ROOMS, fine corner |ICOO
6 rooms, new flat, corner 400
SO rooms, corner, the very best 2000
14 rooms, on O'Farrell St., only 6*o
108-room hotel, only 6.-.09
: 18 rooms, on Market, part offices R.-.0
I W-room house, must sell 7.-:
: 14 rooms, on Golden Gate arc, rent {40.... COO
! 12 rooms, central, good furniture 250
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
FOR sale— lodging and boarding house; pay-
Ing well: best location; low rent: 43 rooms;
good furniture: price S4QOQ; 12500 cash, $1500 In
1 year. Inquire of MR. a. S. HONEL. 320
Sutter St.; no agents.
1100— Partly furnished house of 14 rooms; near
Mission and Third: 24 rooms. Mission end
Fourth. J473: 50 houses for sale. Before pur-
chasing apply HEALY & CO.. 917 Market st.
?4'>' Rooming house of 1C rooms for sale. 136
Sixth st.
FOR SALE— Coso Lodging-house. 411 San-
some st.
239 HAVES ST.— Branch office of «na Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. ' -.
CARPET CLEARING;*
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS, M«r..
SS and 40 Eighth ft., telephone South 200.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, •ii,?,- Tehama »t. : tel. So. 40.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works, 14 Sth St.. B. GRANT. Tel. Jessie 201.
CARPETS cleaned, renovated like new. J.
M'QUEEN, 463 Stevenson: tel# 8. 225.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 420 Butter,
tei. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. prop.
CLEANING, 3c; laying. 3c; rug samples free;
tel Jessie 944. Stratton. 3 Eighth.
CARPETS cleaned and renovated like new.
13 Tenth: tel. South 36. Mackintosh & Co.
J E.- MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 141 a
Ft.: cleaning ac a yard; til. Mis. 74.
CONKLIN'S carpet-beating works. 333 Golden
Gate aye Telephone East 128.- .
SEWIXG MACHINES..
$2 MONTHLY: rented, .repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. MB Sixth st.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
OFFICES TO LET.
218 SANSOME »<t., now occupied by W. Loalza
& Co. ASHTON. 411 Montgomery si.
TITK SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, 9AJSTUABY 14, IS9B.
HOUSES TO LET.
522 CLEMENTINA— Nice cottage 5 rooms and
yard. $16.
$20 — HOUSE, 6 sunny rooms: bath: large yard; j
stable. 1717 Ellis, near Steiner.
WHY pay rent? Why not build? You can do i
bo. If you have mortgaged and wish to pay |
it off easily you can get best terms of Amer-
lean Investors' Co.. 11 Montgomery st. ~.;^.'.
ALL OVER TOWN — —
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
8 ROOMS, bath; well furnished; piano; near
California: Western Add.: low rent to good
tenant. W. B. HUFF & CO., 2405 California.
BUNNY corner flat, 4 rooms, furnished for
housekeeping: cheap rent to responsible ten-
ant. Apply MADISON & BURKE, 626 Mar-
ket st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$7. $8 and $9 cottages, 3 and 4 rooms; good or-
der. Apply 945 Bryant, or Umbsen & Co.. 14
Montgomery st.
FLATS TO LET.
I ... , n r. .-_-" *-•
FLATS of 4 and 5 rooms on funny side of
Clementina st., bet. First and Second. Keys
at 70 Clementina st.
827 CLEMENTINA— Nice, sunny, 4-room flats-
clean; $13.
1545 GEARY, cor. Buchanan— Upper flat, 6
rooms and bath; rent $15; water free.
j NEW modern Oat; Just completed: latest lm-
i provements. & Lombard St., cor. Jones.
START with us and save money for 1898.
10 flats, from 1 to 3 rooms, under $7.
M flats and cottages, 3 to 5 rooms, under
$12.
is new flats— lS new flats: see them.
200 choice houses and flats; '.4 month free.
Cottage near Polk st., only <!»
See list at A. M. SPECK & CO., €02 Mar-
ket st.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
A $25 nice cottages and flats on Geary St.. nr.
Polk. SPECK CO.. 602 Market st.
C 65 PINE St.— 3 flats of 3, 4 and 5 rooms; bath;
nice location.
MONET loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
el:>; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
HOUSEKEEPING BOOKS.
CAPP, .';.'.' sunny rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping.
ELLIS 61S— 2 sunny front furnished roams; all
conveniences; no other roomers.
FIFTH. 314—2 Sunny front connecting house-
keeping rooms; bath, stove, closet; private;
$10.
GOLDEN GATE AVi 404-3 sunny front
rooms: complete housekeeping; $20: also un-
furnished rooms.
GROVE :_>' Parlor, alcove and one room for
housekeeping: real reasonable.
HOWARD, n:-. nr. Fourth— Bay-Window front
rooms, $2; suites. $3 per week; transient.
McAllister, 340—2 nice sunny rooms for
. housekeeping.
MCALLISTER, 1046— Modern furnished floor: 4
large sunny rooms an.! bath; private family;
no other roomers; rent J22 50.
MISSION 947— Two large front rooms and
kitchen; also others, cheap.
MISSION 1524—1 large Funny rooms, use of
kitchen; also sunny parlors for physician's
office.
MISSION. 1219— Two sunny housekeeping
suites; front and back.
NINTH 77—2 furnished housekeeping rooms
with separate yard; '-heap.
O'FARRELL *.3.Vi— One to five pleasant un-
furnished rooms and bath room: reasonable.
SIXTH. 1 18 A or 4 sunny rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping.
STANLEY Place, 1?— $10. 6 nice sunny rooms,
including bath: also $7 50. 4 Rood rooms.
TEHAMA, 717— Nice sunny room for house-
keeping, ■with store. $4.
VA^NESS Avifr~H7~.~cor. Kills' St.— Sunny
front housekeeping. $1*; also unfurnished.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jew-
• !ry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 13 Grant ay.
ROOMS TO I.XT.
BROADWAY, 1421 - large sunny unfurnished
rooms; rent $10.
EDDY, 917— Nicely furnished front connecting
rooms: r.is rang*; splendid location.
CLEMENTINA. 680, nr Eighth— l unfur-
rooms for housekeeping: very nice.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St..
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
ELLIS, Sis— Sunny fmnt rooms, en suite or
single, with board, $20.
FIFTH, — Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let.
FULTON, 121— Two sunny furnished front
rooms; ranse; water; large yard: rent $12 SO
GEARY. 402— Sunny furnished rooms for gents;
?6 and $7.
GEARY. MS— Elegant sunny housekeeping
rooms, complete; also double, single; rea-
sonable.
1 1 ARR1SON 7M4-Flnely furnished lilngle~and
double rooms: all conveniences; $1 a week.
HOWARD, *21— Housekeeping rooms; single. $7
and $S per month: suites, $12: other rooms.
HOWARD, 713, St. Davids— 2oo rooms; suites;
plngle; sunny reading-room; Ztc up.
HOWARD. JSOS. cor. Fourteenth— 3 sunny
front rooms; rent $9.
JESSIE. 43.~«— Rear of Mint: a neat, sunny room
for one or two; $6 and $8.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, ■• suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
LARKIN. 2214— Large Funny bmjr-wtndaw
room; furnished; grate: one or two gentle-
men; references required.
HANCOCK HOUSET'iTMIssIon; wlect family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
MISSION. 1775, near Fourteenth— 4 unfurnished
rooms; l>ath pnrt stationary tubs.
(J'FARRELL. 327— Sunny single room; well
furnished; $6 a • .nth.
POST. 24»O— Sunny furnished room In private
/nmily; use of kitchen, or board of desired;
cheap to desirable party.
POWELL. COO— Nice cozy furnished front room
for rent.
SECOND, f.2— Light hou«eKeeplng suite; single
and double rooms; $1 to |2 50 per week.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— .Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
elngle; elevator: moderate rates; families.
SEVENTH. 142— Furnished suites an.l single
rooms at lowest rates. MRS PRAHL. prop.
SIXTH. 186— Larva sunny nicely furnished
bay-window room; grate; $3.
STOCKTON. 17. European— Elegant rooms;
suite or single; day, week or month; baths;
hot and cold water; transient; elevator.
TURK. 543— Nice sunny room; running water:
grate; gas and hath; $10.
TURK. 303— Front bay-window room; 1 or i
gentlemen.
WASHINGTON. 502— Why pay carfare and use
extra fuel? 3 sunny housekeeping rooms, $S;
also : for $6. •
FRONT and back parlor in a private family;
located in central part of the city; cars pass
door; rent $10 per mo. Address box 541. this
office.
MONET loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 13 Giant ay.
COO BUSINESS cards printed $1; 25 vliitlng
curd*. Be. HILL. 724V4 Market St.
BOARDING AM) ROOM*
LADY having an elegant home In a very se-
lect neighborhood desires to accommodate a
few fam lies; superior board; rooms large
and sunny; references. Address box 550. Ca11.
EDDY. 220— Sunny front single and double
rooms; first-class board, $3 50.
FELL, 24— Sunny furnished rooms: board op-
tional; parlor for 2 with board, $35.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
loom, $4 to $3 per week; nice location.
HOTEL SALISBURY; beautiful grounds; ta-
ble unsurpassed. 299 Hyde. cor. Eddy.
80' VAN NESS AYE.— Newly furnished sunny
rooms; good board; terms moderate.
< lIII.DHK-N IIOAUDEO.
AMERICAN lady living In one of the healthi-
est locations In San Rafael will take chil-
dren of good family to board; best ot care
and training. Address "W. A. V., box 632,
San Rafael. .
WANTED— Nice home for 2 little girls; not to
exceed $S each; middle-aged -widow having
home preferred: please wrlta and- state full
particulars Address box 551, Call office.
YOUNG woman wishes full charge of infant;
references. 001 Sixteenth St.
WANTED— ChiId to board; beat of care; terms
reasonable. 1034 McAllister ft.
STORES TO LET.
STORE and « rooms; suitable for butcher
shop or fruit store; cheap. Cor. Twenty-
nr" "ntti end Alabama
PERSONALS.
MRS VIOLA, A C— Please give number or
make appointment with K. Kox 4.'.2, Call.
[RENE 'i WERNER, Rents Great Scott, at
<■ It n House, Third Pt.
NEW method; massage and electric treatments
for nervousness, general debility, etc.; hours
10 to 6. MRS. JOHNHON. &U£ deary »t.
ALASKA We wsh to inform intending Klon-
dikers that we have the larsest and most
complete stock of Arctic fur clothing and na-
tive b.».ts made b> t! •• Kscjulniaux hi th.>
Arctic Circle. STABKN.S ft FIiIKDMAN, B7i
2i9 Pacific st.
HAIR which is Oily IS generally healthy, come
and let me slww you how to keep and care
for your hair, halrdri-ssing only CV; good
switches, $1; finest, best quality. $3 50; extra
heavy, long, IS; open Sundays I to 12 a. m.
G. LEDEKKH, 111 Stockton st.
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
H'iWE att-at-law. Bio Market, cor Stockton.
CAL. INBT., #O_V Geary; tel. Davis r,S3; hyp-
notism taught. } r >: diseases and habits cured.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic prevents the hair fall-
ing out. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
PROF. .1 OREVEN will Introduce three more
talent to the public In their own concert at
V M. C A Hall, "n January M. UK. Miss
M. De Chent, dramatic soprano; Miss I.
Hrown.- mezzo soprano, and MX. M AL.-
HERT. hiKh lyric tenor^
MISS ANDERSON. Rraduate. Swedish nurse;
bathv f-u.ne massage; Swrdlsh move.-nent;
ladles, gents. PO6 Market, room 25. 2d floor.
BADGKS. photo, and badse buttons, made In
Pan Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTEIt
N. BRUNT. 635 Clay St.. S. F.
BIG outdoor etereoptlcon show every night
for. Market and Sixth: artfstlc advertise-
ments In living light: promoters of business.
Consult OWL. ADV. CO.. 1140 Market St.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Bowse, 44 Third »t.. nr. Market: 200 rooms.
26c to $1 50 per night; »1 60 to {6 per week:
fr«* bus and bagKage to and from the ferry.
?14 Butt to order samples; try one. NEIT-
HAI'S & CO.. lailors. 115 Keirny st.
GREAT catarrh cure; Wilsons vaporizing in-
haler; 22<".A Kilts; test free; cure $5.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
BRANCH office of The Call. 167 Ninth St.—
Want nds and subscriptions taken.
SUPERFLUOUS hairs removed by electrolysis.
MRS. DR. WELCH. Jll5 Bush.
SUIT to order on easy installments. L.
l.KJins. 1117 Market st . bet. 7th nnd Stb
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
t'> up: dresses male ever. *> Eddy st . rm it.
i:ni « \tio\al.
HK.AI.IiS Business Cllege, 24 p,, Bt . Book-
keeping. I ! hand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
• ctrlcal. civil & minim? engineering, sur- '
veylng, a- - gatkm, etc; tt teach-
tions: catalogoe mailed.
AYREB* Business College, 32.". Montgomery st ;
individual instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; nfe scholar-
ship. $50; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech.. survey, assay. archlt. ; day & eve.;
>ivl. van DER NAII.I.KN. ■:.■ Market.
ACCOMPLISHED English woman off«
teach French and mnstc in exchange for a ■,
with a family; highest references. UN '
Polk st.
LADY teaches piano, mandolin. 50c an hour:
l.tit pianist and accompanist for enter-
tainments and v. caltetn. 12f9 Octavia st.
YOUNG man desires to study English pri-
vately or in class; State terms. Address box
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, gram-
mar; day. nieht: J.*. mo. ISM Market, op. Bth.
GENTLEMEN taught languages evenings by
■ . hei Bos i ■ .lice.
INDIVIPUAI n. shorthand and type-
writing; ■ I Post si
SAN FRANCISCO ■■olio**, u'3o Mar-
■ ■ M posit
LUDIiVM B locution and Dramatic
Art . Sutler st.
PROF. M KOLANHER, teacher mandolin.
Kultar and banjo. '■"•"• Market st., off Mason.
FLUTE, mando nn; club 11
monthly. PROF GASTALDI, 710 Lombard.
VOICE culture, piano lirls graduate: French.
Spanish: new classes $2 ma 109 Taylor st.
MISS GAMBLE'S adults' claas
Saturdays >> P M Devisadero «t.
FTSK t.-a.-hers 1 as BcU n 10 .Ittes; teachers
wanted now. 420 Hnn t» building.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano an' vocal lessons;
>1 Rvirth. Mnrv Wes'> us. ■ Fifth st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK. th«~dlstlngulsheJ
trance clairvoyant and medlnm; while en-
tranced she will reveal every hidden mystery
In life, i.he Will ■bow you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost affections: unites the separated, recov-
ers lost. stolen or burled property: locates
treasures, minerals: tells your entire life.
past, present and future, while In a perfect
trance. Hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect
satisfaction guaranteed by mail. Send stamp
for circular with special term* MRS. DR. F.
CLARK, rms. 25 & 26. 12u6 Market, opp. 6th.
MMi: PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader, born double veil an 1 second sight;
diagnosis disease, full life reading; la.. We:
gents |l: palm. & clalrv. : sit. $150. 126 Turk.
REMOVED M::." I-onemar tells fortunes by
planets; prd'td "74 " steamer on Island. 23V4
Sixth, room 1
MISS MIRANDA, experienced mind-reader:
electric and magnetic treatments. Room SI,
1122 Market st.
MME. I.X NORMANDE. world-renowned clalr-
voyant. card-reader; hours 10 to 4 evenings.
401 Leavenworth st.
JUST arrived from New York City, medium
and card-reader; present, past, future. TCi
Market Ft., room 2.
MRS. S. J. Carman of Portland: wonderful
test medium; this week only. fcGs',i Market,
room 10.
MME. MOREAU. test medium, clairvoyant,
card reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. upstiil'-
RAY FAlR— Card reader: magnetic healing _
specialty. 223 Post it., room 2.
DR ALICE FAT, medhno and genuine mag-
netic healer. 12< Seventh Bt.. second floor.
BATTKFACTTON or no n v. Wt Mission, above
Eighth, front parlor. Fa<» .ream free.
MMX MABEL H M-I-. card reader, his located
ai :i"t Mlssl< ■ st , n tm 1 1
MISS T.«>l,.\ M STKVKNS. curd-reading and
n.aifnet 1 .. ■ treatment. HI Mason, suite i-j.
MMX AMIK. medium, card reader and mag-
netic liealer: chnnns 122 Pent st . room 10
MME ZINELLA. the business medium and
astrolnic^r. Koom U, I aye.
MMi: LINDEN, returned card reader and mag-
• charms. 12'". Fourth, n-om 2.1
MRS. MANDKNA. medium and palmist; read-
ings »"»■ this week; satisfaction srar'td. 26 6th.
MISS MKI.YIM.K. rreat clulrvoyant and
water reader. 921 Vi Mission St., upp. Mint.
MMX. RAVENA reads life fluently, business
advice: names given; 2T.c up. r. Fourth st.
MMX. HANSEN. palmist, card-writer, past.
present and future: 2> 14>< Sl\th. riw>m 5.
MISS MAID WINTERS, card re,,drr; electro-
mnKtietlc treatments. 120H Geary st.. room t.
MISS E. LOESEL bai returned to 121 Mont-
gomery st . room v Card reader.
MME. PODAN. Scotch seeress, card-reader and
palmiKt 619 F.ddy. 9toB P. M.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium:
sittings dally. 123V4 Sixth st.. room 14.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First In her pro-
■ n: ncvir falls: advice: help. 9_» p^
spir:tcalis.ii.
LADIES' aid testimonial benefit to H. D.
Barrett, president N. S. A.: music by
Ulan. hard's band an 1 others; farce. "Quiet
Family." 605 McAllister st. Tickets, 25c,
admitting two.
MARKET. 937— Friday. 8 t>. m.. spiritual bene-
fit entertainment for Professor Mingo. Ad-
mission, 10 cents.
DR. COONLEY, returned: phenomenal seance
to-night, 25c: sittings dally. 1346 Market st.
A. M. FRANCIS, independent slate-writer; de-
veloping circle Wednesday eve. US Halght st.
MMX. MAYO STEERS. 112H Oak: circles
Tues. 8 P.M.. Thurs. 2 P.M.; 25c; readings $1.
MRS. HOSKINS. spiritual medium; circle
Tues., Bp. m 25c; readings, $1. 214 Franklin.
MRS. J. J. WHITNKV. spiritual medium, tor
messnires nnd advice. 2IS Stockton st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
LAWr.f divorce, mining, damage, probate; con-
scientious, capable attorneys; advice free.
305 Larkln st oi p. City Hall, rooms 91-2.
ADVICE free, divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. C. W.
HOWE, any at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free— Private law matters; moderate
fees. ATTORNEY McCABE. 103 Larkln st.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
CITY HKAL ESTATE.
STOP paying rent, lie-in the new year right.
Remember the difference between paying
rent and owning your own home is worthy of
I a great straggle.
Two cottages of 7 rooms, bath, larpe pantry.
plenty of closet room, sink ti!e,l. tine high
basement, all floored, brick foundation, cement
j side and garden w.-.lks. stylish front, all mod-
■ crn improvements up to date: must be seen to
; be appreciated; $3000; terms to suit purchaser.
Apply on premises, corner Cortland avt. and
Mission st., to J. M. COMERFORD, from 1 to
1 3:3u p. m. ; take Mission-st. cars to Cortland ay.
HOUSES, ."■ r.'.rn!<: t.arn. 2 cows and chicken-
houw. 745 Minnesota St., near Twentieth.
$6."Ji \VII,L build 4-nom cottage complete;
will call. OEO. M. SALSBURY, builder. 521
X st.. Sunsot District.
CHOICE business property: northwest corner
Mission and Spear sts.; 4.V10X117:'); must be
dispose,! f. Apply H. BCHWERIN. r,46 Clay.
ON 1.;.' •) j-: . between MeAUu>ter and Golden
Gate aye., a now, modern seven roomed cot-
tage, beautifully frescoed, and laundry.
4-I:M c, ttape nnd lot. |UM: 1 block from Mis-
sion cars: $16 monthly. BABIN. 413 Kearny.
MONEY TO LOAN.
IiOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameil.i. at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 108 ilisiion, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private ;>laee to ob-
taln liberal advances on diamonds uni jew-
elry at tbe lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Btore, HI Market st. ; tel. Qreen :"4
WK loan on real estate at 6 an.l SVfc per cert:
al>.. on second mortgages; life Insurah
real estate in probate; any sun. Manhattan
I,oan Co., r. 10 (ground floor). Mills building.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; no
commission; lowest interest: part payments
received; money quick and confidential. 1170
Market St.. room 6S.
<;<> to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St.. upstairs; Strictly private; low
rates; teL Red 1121 : established 1569.
$". PER month Interest on each $I'XH); X cents
per mo. on S100: any amount: on !d niort-
KaCC any security. Address Cash, box 2. Call.
<>N furniture, plano<; city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; J25 up;
private party. BONELLJ, 402 Geary st.
ON furniture, sjanos; no commission: low
rates: private. BCRXBMER & <-'0.. T City
Hall Square.
ANY sum. Ist or M mortgages, estates in pro-
eto. K.H.in 7. 506 California st.
I; lowest rates; l-t and Sd mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and Id mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 62S Mkt Ft.
On pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
ratf>F: no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
$100,000 ON* life insurance policies; low inter-
est. JOS. 1?. TOPHTZ. 330 Pine St.
10 SIXTH— Most reliable place to borrow
money: diamond* and Jewelry.
FINANCIAL.
J. BOAS, 330 Montgomery. St.— Loans on life
Insurance policies and buys bank books.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc. : lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS.. IOS Montgomery st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ANY person having use for a piano need not
do without wheii good Instruments can. be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4, $.">, $6, J7. IS. j:».
$10: handsome scarf and wood seat stool in-
cluded ;no charge for cartage. Purcahse your
i medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Stelnway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN, CLAY A CO.. Sieinway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutler sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
.26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
Trades and prices. Terms easy: prices low-
rst. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy th.< customer.
BEFORE buying a piano it will pay you to
consult us. Why? Because we buy only In
carload lots, pay cash for everything and
give the purchaser the advantage gained
thereby. BENJ. CUKTAZ & SON. 16 to 20
O'Farrell st., Curtaz block.
CONOVER, slightly used, $3T.0.
Stelnway, slightly used. $27.">. ft
Chickering, second hand. $190. V
Large stock, lowest prices, rent, installments.
The F. W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market st.
A very f,r. • opportunity this morning to se-
cure an elegant upright piano Rt a great bar-
gain. Investigate to-day THK .T. DEW-
IN'r; m . second Boor, Flood building. Fourth
and Market.
Pianos at rut prices; Improve, the opportu-
nity: nwncy famous Haines Brosv, Hu<«h A
"•.•rts ar.l Bollerman. \VM. C. HAMILTON,
successor tr> A. L.. Bancroft & Co., 321 Post.
LAROE stock of Bteteway, Chlckerlng and
other standard makes of upright pianos tt m
$123 to KM nt HKI!"H: A CO., nt Ellis, V. M.
C. A. building; SHAW ajrent.
KEEFFE'P. 1"11 Van Nfss aye., 2 fine up-
rights, little used, sacrificed; Schubert,
Stelnway and Decker Bros.
DECKER <C- BON ptanoa are always satlsfac-
tfiry. i;.>t low prices frt.m Mauvais Music
Co . 70 Market st.
BOtnrERAOo., Byron Mauzy. Mewby, Evans.
BrlCS* *nd otbef —^» our rent plan;
no Interest first y.ir Mt, IW, 312 Post.
ADMINISTRATOR'S Mle Must sell piano* at
Immense reduction for ■ .iM; or on install-
ments. EATON ESTATE, 73.". Market st.
A flnn piano sacrificed for cash: see It this
morning, as the first caller will surely take
It. Room 12 Flood building.
FINE Decker upright piano sold for storage
charges. Pacific Storage Co.. 22S Stockton st.
A— s.V>: fine large upright: sacrificed for cash.
UCI Folsom st.. corner Tenth. --.:
$40 piano: splendid Instrument; great sacri-
fice. 1131U Mission Ft. ,
BARGAIN— Nice upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister at., near Hlbernla Bank. : • ..•;
HORNTTNG'S new style pianos: most perfect,
brilliant, powerful tone. 216 Post st
KINGBBrRT fI»W model) Is the piano you
want. J. HARRY SCOTT. EM Hayes st.
BITPFRIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 11.
MCLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
K\*l'" pianos: new scnle; new styles.
KQHi.FU * CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
roll SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FRESH Durham cow; third calf; gentle; 20
.quarts dally. 1312 Folsom ft. ■ . .- ; •
GEM of diamond stud for $4.'.; worth $SO.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
FOR SALE— One IWXM»ct Incubator: perfect
hatcher. Address FRANK SADDLEMIRE.
Tracy, Cal.
THREE-STONE diamond and sapphire ring,
$95; worth 1100. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye.
FRESH family cow and calf. Apply 2637 Har-
rison st.
>;\s rtorea f"r heatinir. on^-half price; 1 and
2 bowl barber wajhptands, cheap. BUF-
BCHMIDT, «-'3 (JoMen Gate nv.v
WANTKD- To Imy for cash, oid or n*w seal-
skin JadMta or dolmans. Address Fur Store,
box M 4. Call office.
FOR SALF. — Young "German canaries: fine
singers and topknot*. Apply 37 Lafayette st.
FINK «Hli>on: front embossed stained glass;
nickel plate; cheap. 1166 Mission st.
FOR SALE -Second-hand lumber, t. and g.. IS;
flooring. $10; pine, *6; Uay District track
t>ui!dings.
THOROUGHBRED St. Mernard pups. Sire.
Koxie Taylor: bitch. Doris. Address •'Press, 11
Irvlngton. Cal.
STKKKT rcdler. 2:6x2 fe:il. as good as new.
cost $6t)- will sell for $30. 11l Van Ness aye..
■ SOME new and ser,,nd-hand Sterling wheels;
bargains. NICHOLS & CO., 404 Battery st.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: nil
siren: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONKB, HO: Recorte, $". per doz. :
Vn.jp-f.s.-.'jT. Jinn. naciKalupl. M 3-94'! Mrkt.
BOILERS, engines, M tiurul machinery. Mc-
fNTOSH & \\<>Ll'MAN. IX7 Heal" st.
J. R. POOL, house-movt-r. dealer second-hano.
building material. 1122-3H Mission st.
COFFEE mill, srale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 108 Clay st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, offlre furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures: new and s.v--
ond-band. J. NOOKAN, 1017-1019-1.
Mission st., above Sixth.
BARB, sh.iwr.ises, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
WHISKY. McUrayer, April. ISK2, from Ken-
tu«ky bonded wnrehouse direct; &> |*r gal-
lon. F. Ki'HKAI.M. «-.s Market St.. S. F.
Fi'K SAT-K— Cheap; second-hand fireproof safe,
at 4. Main st.
PKCi >ND-HAN"D dynamos, gasoline and steam
engines, bollors. pulleys, shafting, laundry
machinery, etc. SMITH CO., 627 Mission st.
RF.TIRINO from business: our entire stock of
rattan furniture and baby carriages will be
s.ild at wholesale cost. California Rattan
•y>-..rks. 7-t.' and 747 Mission, hft. 3d and 4th.
PHYSICIANS.
PR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
COUNTRY UEAL ESTATE.
HOUSE of ? rooms: modern; yard IM by 2i>o
feet: crreenhouse plants, good water, stable
and chicken yard: also goldfish pond; big bar-
gain. Call at this office.
A BARGAIN is offered in 24 acres in Livermore
valley; all bottom land; 12 acres orchard: H
grain: windmill, tanks, etc.; house ot 5 good
rooms, barn, etc.
WE are offering 750 acres of choice fruit and
farming land In tracts of 10. 20 and 40 acres
at $15 per acre; only 3 miles from county
seat of good county.
BOOPY *• SLAVEN. successors to San Fran-
cisco office of Edwin K. Alsip & Co.. 2& see-
on. l Door, Mills building.
Jl2i"^ BUYS a 4-room corner frame house In
Santa Maria. Cal., with S connected lots. 75
x 164 feet: flower garden, fruit trees and good
barn; will trade for city lodging-house or
chicken ranch. Inquire R. BENJAMIN. 11l
Ellis Et.. city.
FOR BALE- 2«ft acres unimproved land. Tuo-
lumne County; wood and water: also 160 acres
unimproved land. Mariposn County; cheap;
cash: a barsjain. Particulars A. BIIL'HNKE.
1714 Polk st.
ANY one wanting a small ranch, for grazing
purposes, or a moderate sized orchard, part-
ly improved, payable on very easy terms,
apply to room 7W, Claus Spreckels building.
FOR sale— Glen Annie ranch, one of the best-
knowr. ranches in Southern California. Ap-
ply J. PERCY LAWTON. Santa Barbara.
BOOK and list of cheap land free. M. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County, Cal.
LITTLE home* close to town: Improved; easy
terms; also I to 1? acre pieces on S and 10
years' credit. P. H. TWING. Sonoma City:
evtrv Monday at 632 Market st.. S. F.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrnpper. for mailing.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
MODERN residence, 9 rooms, bath, cemented
basement, etc.: near Grove St.: lot 50x160;
plumbing nickel plated: electric wiring;
street work complete: price $3300: terms to
suit. Lake ore Land Co.. A. H. BREED,
Manager. 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS^
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$3000— HOUSE of 6 rooms, with furniture, lot
25x116: basement 9 feet high; choicest loca-
tion in Alameda; close to R. R. depot. Par-
i Oculars WILKE. 738 Market st.
. CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
! Call, sent to any address In the United States
; T Canada one year for $1 SO. t>o»tnr» f>»«
DENTISTS.
FULL set of teeth, $3: painless extraction: see
our combination plate, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years; teeth without plates;. crown
and bridge work our specialty; teeth im-
planted or transplanted; fillings BOc. crowns
?3 50: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth St.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors: painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact: full set of teeth. $5 up; sliver
fillings, 25c up: gold crowns. $3 50 up: your
teeth put in without a plate: open evenings.
997 Market St., cor. Sixth: 'Phone Jessie 605.
L>K LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th; no
charge for extracting when plates are made:
old plates nia.le over like new; teeth from $S
par Mt; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
•without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
NEW York dentist«— Plates $5 up; silver flll-
ines. 25c up; gold fillings. 7".c up; plates
mended. $1 up: painless extraction. r.Oo: all
work warranted. V'Sft Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
$S— FI'LL set of teeth: best make: kept In
repnlr: extracting free: fillings. 50c: crowns,
$3 50. Pacific Pental Parlor*. 1« Third st.
W C. HARPING. M. P.. 808 Sutter St.. cor.
Powell: tel. Main '.373; painless extraction.
ALL wr.rk reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1330 Market St.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C
YOUNG, nil P.<lk st.
COLTON !••• ■' Aasoctatlnn. 806 Market st.
PR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
:,27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
ttona nnd want ads taken.
LEGAL NOTICES.
OUARDB for Street Railway Dummies and
rars — Clerk's Office. Hoard of Supervisors.
San Francisco. January 11. I^NS.
In compliance with resolution No. F.OO ('Fourth
Series) of the Roard of Sur>er\i<<ors. put, lie n >-
tlce is hereby given, and nil persons desiring.
are hereby requested to submit to the Board of
< tervteora. OB or before FRIDAY FOHF-
N( M >N; January 14. IS9S, at 10 o'clock, plans
or m'Mlels Of devices as safeguards for street
railway dummies and cars, at which time the
parties" submitting plans or models will be
heard. The said safeguards to be so designed
as to prevent any person from getting under
i.r b-ing run Tiver by the wheels of the street
railway dummy and car while the same is
mi vine at a speed of not less than eight miles
POT hour. The person submitting plans or
modela to he re^elv-il must do s.i with the dis-
tinct understanding and agreement that. If re-
quired, they will, at their own cost and
charge, construct such safeguard and attach it
to a street railway dummy and car to be des-
ignated by the board on any of the street rail-
way routes, to demonstrate its practical opera-
tion.
Upon the approval of any one or more of the
safeguards, the board will hereafter designate
such safeguards that can be used with safety
to the public, and shnll require street railway
companies to affix and place either of the
safeguards so designated and adopted upon the
street railway cars and dummies operated in
this city and county.
NOTICE— PIans or models must be filed In
this office on or before Friday forenoon, Janu-
ary 14, IS9S. at 10 o'clock.
■TNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods, clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN. 1017 to ion
Mission St.. above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates — Household poods, pianos; ad-
vances made; fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS. 810 Mission st. Tel. Mint IS2I
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be
handed in nt either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
BASTARLE— Tn this city. January 27. 1897. to
the wife of Bartholomew J. .Unstable, a son.
BERNSTEIN'-In this city. January 12, 1S»8.
to the wife of Bernstein, a son.
BURTON— In Grass Valley. January 10, 1898, to
the wife of P. Burton, a son.
BAXTER— In Evergreen, January 11, 1898. to
the wife of Charles Baxter, a son.
BUTLER— In Clear Creek District. January 10,
IS9B. to the wife of Frank Butler, a son.
CLARK— In this city, to the wife of Dr. Wil-
liam D. Clark, a son.
CANETT— In Port Harford. January 8, 1893, to
the wife of Joaquin Canett, a son.
GAIL— In this city, January 13, IS9B, to the
wife of Andrew Gail, a son.
MOODY- Near Santa Clara, January 10. 189S,
to the wife of William Moody, a daughter.
MAYNARD— In San Jose. January 9. IS9S, to
the wife of Blayney E. Maynurd, a son.
PARKEK— Nenr l'.ravo Lake. January 3. 189S,
to the wife of Nathan Parker, a daughter.
SIKBKRST-In this city. January 13. 1898. to
the wife of Dr. W. H. Sieberst. a son.
SANFORD— Tn Alamedn. January in. JS9B, to
the wife of J. W. Sanford. a daughter.
MARRIED.
COLLINS— MCCARTHY— In this city. January
12. IS9B, by the Rev. Dennis Nugent. Daniel
«'. 'llins and Catherine McCarthy, both of San
Francisco. ,
CANNON-VENXERSTORM— In Pacific Grove.
January- 9. IS9S. by the Rev. L. Delos Mans-
field. William A. Cannon and Jennie A. Yen-
nerptorm.
DAVIS— MEYER— In this city. January 12, IS9S,
by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Mortimer B. Davis
of Montreal and Henrietta M. Meyer of San
Francisco.
GREEN— LYTLE— In Visalla. January 11. 189 S.
by Elder J. W. Elder, Oren H. Green and
Lulu Lytle of Tulare City.
MONTGOMERY— MALLOY— In this city. Jan-
nary 12, IS3S. at the home of the bride, by
the Rev. John A. B. Wilson. P.D.. Albert
M. Montgomery of Santa Monica and Mrs.
Isabelle Malloy of San Francisco.
PALMTAG— CADY— In Nevada, December 14,
1597, by the Rev. F. C. Lee. William Palm-
tag- and Nellie E. Cady, both of WatsonvlUe,
Cal.
DIED.
BROOKES— In this city. January 11. 189 S. Julia
8.. wife of the late Samuel M. Brookes, ar-
tist, a native of Hadley, Mass., aged 73
years.
C7"Frlcnds are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Satur-
da). at 1:30 o'clock, at Bethany Congrega-
tional Church, Bartlett street, near Twenty-
fifth. Interment private.
BERNSTEIN— In this city. January IS. 1898,
infant son of Louis and Hannah Bernstein.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city. January 13, IS3B.
Patrick, beloved husband of the late Cather-
ine Cunningham, and stepfather of Mrs. G.
Mataon and Kate Reilly. a native of County
Monaghan, Ireland, aged 51 years and 9
months.
Coil in this city. January 13, 1898, Ellas,
beloved husband of Susie Cohn. and father of
Mrs. Henry Jackson and Max. Leo. Celia.
Herman and Nathan Cohn. a native of Exln,
Prussia, aged 63 years.
DUNN— this city. January 12. 1898, Sarah
Maroella. beloved wife of Michael C. Dunn,
mother of Olive Mabel. Ella Marcella and
Giles William Dunn, and sinter of Mrs.
Richard Glazier, a . native of Ireland, aged
(8 years 4 months and 24 days.
E7"Frlend.« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Frtday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1344 Alabama street, between Twenty-
fifth and Twentyrslxth. lmer;nent Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. ;
DELATOUR— In this city. January 12. 1898.
Mary, relict of the late A. J. Delatour.
mother of William. Harry, Fred J., Isaac.
Frank and Lewis Delatour. and sister of
Mrs. Catherine Foley. a native of County
Tlppernry, Ireland, aged 64 years.
E7"Friends and ncquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 75Vi Xatoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DARLING— Soquel. January 11. ISPS. Bar-
bar Darling, a native of New York, aged 63
years.
DUNCAN— In this city. January 13, 1893. at St.
Mary's Hospital, Robert Duncan, a native of
Nova Scotia, aged 40 years.
GEISHAKER— In this city, January 13. 1898,
at his residence. 413 Bryant street. Andrew,
husband of Elizabeth Geishaker, a native of
Germany, aged 60 years.
lETXotiee of funeral hereafter.
HAFFORD— In this city. January 13, 189S,
Eliza Hafford. a native of Pan Francisco,
aged 8 years 10 months and <? days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from Glo',& Fran-
cisco street. . . .
HALL— In Oakland. January 12, IS<>B. John R.
Hall, a native of Kentucky, aged 71 years
and ( .lays.
Hi "LETT- -In Alameda. January 11. 1888,
Mrs. Annie Eliza Hewlett, a native of Eng-
land. aged 57 years and 7 months.
HENNESSY— An anniversary high mass will
be celebrated for the soul of the late Patrick
Hennessy, dearly beloved husband of Mary
Hennessy, at St. Rose's Church, this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock. Friends are invited to
attend.
JACOBS— In this city, January 18. IS9S. J.
Jacobs Sr., a native or Germany, aged 73
years. •
JACKSON— In the City and County Hospital.
January 12, 1898, Albert Bally Jackson, a
native of Virginia, aged, 61 years.
JACKSON— In this city, January 13. 1888, Mrs.
B. M. A. Jacks mother cf Mrs. Georg? Met-
calf and Samuel, William, John and George
Jackson, a native of England, aged 76 years
and 3 months.
LANK— this city, January 13. 189S, Lorinda
D., beloved wife of B. J. Lank, a native of
Nova Scotia. iTuro papers please copy.)
(□^Notice of funeral hereafter.
McCOXVILLE— In this city. January 11. is?',
Catherine, dearly beloved wife of the late
Patrick McConville, mother of John, David
and Henry McConville. and beloved sister
of John O'Brien. Mrs. John Green. Mrs. An-
drew Glover. Mrs. Thomas Clyma and the
late Ellen Doyle, a native of Ireland, aged
60 years 8 months and 6 days.
|C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), from her late residence. 506 Shot-
well street, thence to St. Charles Borromeo
Church, Eighteenth and Shotwell streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MCCARTHY— In this city, January 12. 1898.
James, husband of the late Elizabeth Mc-
■ Carthy, a native of London, England, aged
S4 years. • .
It^TFrienfls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MARKS— In Oakland, January 11. 189S, Aaron,
beloved husband of Harriet Marks, father of
Martin, Harry and Beatrice Marks, and
brother of Mrs. J. Samuels. Mrs. p. Aaron
and Morris Marks, a native of Exin. Ger-
many, aged 5S years. . ■ . ,-•'.---
C^Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 360 Eighth street. Oakland, thence by
10 o'clock creek route boat to San Francisco.
Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by
11:30 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
MARKS— In Germany. December 13. IS9B. Jo-
hanna Marks, beloved mother of Mannheim
Marks, a native of Kolmar, Germany, aged
93 years.
XUSBAUM— In this city. January 13. 1888,
Henry J., beloved son of Frank J. and Minnie
K. Nusbaum, and brother of Willie F. Nus-
baum, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years 8 months and 2 days.
O'CONNOR— In San Diego, January 10, 189S,
John O'Connor, beloved father of Mrs. Albert
Peters and Mrs. John B. Kelly, and brother
of Daniel and Patrick O'Connor, Mrs. Daniel
Connelly and Mrs. P. J. Kelly, ■ a native of
County Kerry. Ireland, aged 74 years.
CETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 O'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor Pi,?rks, 957 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth, thence to St. Joseph's
Church. Tenth street, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
i PHILLIPS— In this city. January 12, IS9S.
Louts, beloved husband of Bertha Phillips,
and father of Carrie, Budd J. Milton and
Howard Phillips, a native of Magdeburg.
Saxony, aged 62 years 11 months and 18
days. (Sacramento and Philadelphia papers
please copy.) i
(E7"Thf! funeral will take place, this day
(Friday), at 10:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1320 Sutter street. Interment private.
! PHILLIPS— In this city, January 12. ISPS. Jen-
net G.. beloved wife of Andrew G. Phillips
and mother of Andrew G. Phillips Jr., a na-
tive of Kilmarnock. Scotland, aged 72 years.
[ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(friday). at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1007 ■ Hampshire street, corner of
Twenty-second. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
terj".
PONCET— Tn this city, January 12. IS9S. Jeanne
Marie, beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Jean Poncet. and sister of Mrs. Desplaces
and Miss Emelie Poncet. a native of San
Francisco, aged 20 years and 5 months.
(T_?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. SIS Jackson street, thence to the
French Church of Notre Dame dcs Victoires,
l'.ush street.
ROSE— Near Berryessa. January 11. IS9B, Mary
Rose, a native of Portugal, aged 35 years.
REID— In this city, January 11. 1898. Eliza-
beth A., beloved wife of the late Edward
Reid, a native of the city of Dublin, Ire-
land, aged 58 years.
(T^Friends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs F. Anderson. 337 Jessie street, thence
to St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BIF.RERST— In this city. January 13. ISW, in-
infant «on of Dr. and Mrs. W. H. Sieberst,
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 day.
STEELE— In this city, January 13. 1298, James.
beloved husband of the late Margaret Steele,
and father of James, Walter and Henry
Steele Mrs. D. M. Curdy. Mrs. W. F. Tay-
lor. Mrs. F. A. Smith and Mrs. J. J. O'Con-
nell, a native of Ireland, aged 5S years 4
months and 22 days.
SACHS— In this city. January 12. IS9S, Rebecca
Sachs, a native of Germany, aged 70 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to nttend the funeral th.j day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, US Eddy street.
Interment Home of Peace Cemetery-
THOMPSON— In this city. January 13. IS9S.
Gideon, husband of Viola C. Thompson, and
brother of Mrs. Jane Budrow and Doris
Thompson of New York, a native of Moscow,
N. V., aged 66 years and 3 months.
ICTFrUnds are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow iSatur-
dayi. at 2 o'clock, at St. John's Episcopal
Church. Fifteenth nnd Julian avenues. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery.
YATES— In this city. January 13, 189 S. Kate
Yates, beloved daughter of Mrs. Hannah
Kees'ng. and mother of Jessol. Algernon.
Aubrey and Edemion Yates. a. native of San
Francisco, ace.l 49 years.
(ETFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral Sunday. January 16, at 10
o'clock, from the residence of Mrs. Rose
\JKT9, 2031 Clay street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery. !>y 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH RUILDINO ASSO-
ciatton— The regular monthly requiem high
mass for the deceased members of the above
association, and for the deceased parents and
relatives of the members, will be celebrated
In St. Dominic's Church, Bush and Steiner
streets, this day (Friday), at 1 o'clock.
Friends are invited to attend.
I McXvOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I
20 FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln School. I
Telephone ; SouthOT ;^^^^_ i _^l
n. n. m'avov. Manager. - I
AIcAVOY &: CO., I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS. I
1235 Market St.. between Bth and ath. . I
' - Telephone. South 247. ■ . I
F. L. GUNTZ. H. W. GANTNER.
GANTNER & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors & Embalmers,
8 and 10 CITY HALL SQUARE.
Telephone South 432.
1112
FLASHING
AMATEUR
CONTESTS
Hard Punching and
Ear-Chewing Last
Evening.
McGrath Whipped Sul
livan, but the Referee
Was Lenient.
The Excelsior Athletic Mem
bers Witnessed a Good
Entertainment.
ARONSEN, EAR-CHEWER.
The Pugilistic Italian Attempted to
Mutilate His Opponent's Or
gi;n of Hearing.
The Bxeehnor Athletic Club of Eighth
and Folsnm streets gave a very excit
ing contest last evening at their club
rooms between Joe Sullivan of the Im
perial Athletic <"lub and James Mo-
Grath, a pupil of Young Mitchell. The
men entered the ring weighing 130
pounds, and Jim Kennedy, the presi
dent of the club, who was selected to
referee the contest, announced that he
would declare the man who scored the
greater number of points at the end of
six rounds to be the winner.
McGrath was seconded by Spider
Kelly. Tim McGrath and Solly Smith,
while Sullivan was looked after by two
or three of his friends from the Impe
rial Athletic Club. Several dollars were
wagered at even money by the mem
bers of the club on the result before
the men entered the ring.
In the first round McGrath rushed at
Sullivan, and. after missing a left-hand
swing at the head, he smashed the Im
perial man a heavy right in the stom
ach. Sullivan fell back against the
rnppp, then ducked away, and as lie-
Grath rushed at him again. Sullivan
caught him a left swing on the Jaw
which partly dazed the recipient. Sul
livan then seeing an advantage closed
in on McGrath, and punched him a left
In the neck. This was followed by in
fighting, and some rough exchanges re
sulted. McGrath was Bent to his knees
from the force of a right cross counter
on the jaw. As he regained his pins
the bell sounded the end of the first
round.
Second Ro-und — Sullivan came to the
scratch with blinking eyes, and Mc-
Grath lost no time in forcing the argu
ment. Sullivan was punched all round
the ring, but returned to the fire, and
with a well-directed left-hand swing he
plospd completely the right eye of Mc-
Grath. and was having all the best of
the Mght until near the finish when Mc-
Grath whs Bent under the ropes in a
bleeding and distressed state. Just
then the gong sounded and saved Mc-
Grath's bacon.
Third Round— McGrath. notwith
standing the punishment he had re
ceived, fought like a demon, and pun
ished Sullivan in the stomach with
right-handers. Sullivan returned blow
for blow, and had McGrath'a face
smeared with blood when the round
closed.
Fourth Round— McGrath toed the
scratch anxious for fight. He charged
at Sullivan, swinging right and left,
but th.> Imperial man being wary, duck
ed cleveriy from punishment. Near the
end of the round MpGratb landed three
hard smashes on Sullivan's mouth, and
the receiver turned tail and ran around
the ring. Sullivan was showing the
white feather when the round ended.
The fifth and sixth muml? were all in
McOrnth's favor. Notwithstanding the
punishment that he had received In the
previous rounds, he proved to b% the
gamer man by a long shot, and drove
Sullivan from corner to corner of the
ring in a manner that disgusted the
friends of the Imperial Club gladiator.
McGrath was having all the best of the
fight at the end of the sixth round
wh^n time was called. He was thor
oughly entitled to the decision on points,
according to rule, but the referee de
cided the contest a draw, so as to give
general satisfaction.
The San Francisco Athletic Club hari
an entertainment also last evening.
After several small bouts between
members of the dub, Nick Aronsen, the
champion hungry man from no partic
ular place on earth, was defeated by
Young Sharkey in two rounds. Shar
key did not knock Aronsen out, but
when the latter found .that he was get
ting the worst of the argument he made
a desperate attempt to chew off a piece
of the Wt ear of his opponent. Ref
eree Jerry Flynn thought that Mr.
Aroneen should have left his cannibal
appetite at home, and immediately
awarded the fight to Young Sharkey.
Over 200 members of the Union Ath
letic Club met in their hall, on Mason
street, last evening, and enjoyed an ex
cellent programme of b.xingand tumb
ling. A sparring match between acts
seemed to arouse the enthusiasm o-f the
members. The go of the evening be
tween William Pabst of the T'nion Club
and James Ryan of the Home Club
was declared a draw by Referee John
Casey, a now shining light, who for
mally challenged the world after
watching the friendly go.
SOUGHT POLICE PROTECTION.
Mrs. Thunder Annoyed by the At-
tentions of a Mar).
A middle-aped woman. Riving her name
as Mrs. Thumler. visited police headquar
ters last night and asked Chief Lees to
protect her apainst the attentions of a
man named Lasker. The woman lives at
MM Minna street. She claims that Las
ker Is In the habit of hanging around her
house, annoying her with his attentions
and writing letters to her. She whs ad
vised to swear out a warrant for his ar
rest.
In Behalf of Victory.
A large number of members and friends
of the Young Men's Christian Association
met in the gymnasium last night to cele
brate the recent victory of the athletic
team. A programme of song and speech
was enjoyed. Miss Caroline Bhindler
Robert Sachs and Rev. George Gibson
rendered solos. Pr. H. L. Dletz, Dr
George Daniels and J. Grant-Henderson
gave addresses. Mr. Louis Titus presented
the banner in a happy speech and Presi
dent W. W. Chase responded, admonish
ing the winning team to maintain their
new honors.
Tenth Anniversary
The tenth anniversary of the San Fran- '
Cisco better farriers' Mutual Aid Asso- '
elation was held In Odd Fellows' Hall :
last evening. Following an enjoyable '
programme a social dance concluded the I
evening's entertainment.
Ten cents for a bottle of Low's Hore
hound Cough Syrup. 417 Sansome st. •
A DESPERATE BURGLAR RECAPTURED.
Charles Johnson, one of the desperate
burglars who escaped from the Salinas
City Ja.ll several weeks ago, was recap
tured on Grant avenue early yesterday
morning by Detectives Gibson and
Wren.
Johnson, according to the police, is
one of the most desperate burglars in
the country. A short time ago he was
released from San Quentin after serving
a sentence of four years for burglary
committed in Sacramento. He subse
quently went to Salinas City, where he
and an accomplice were caught in the
act of burglarizing a private residence.
They were confined in the City Jail,
and a strict watch was kept on them,
as it was believed that Johnson would
make a determined effort to break jail.
On the night that they escaped John
son called th.- under sheriff and asked
him to get him a sheet of writing pa
per, as he was anxious to send a letter
to his aged mother. In some way the
men had provided themselves with a
key to the cell in which they were con
fined, and as the under sheriff went to
get the paper they opened the door and
quietly entered the corridor.
The writing material of the jail was
in a small desk in a room at the end
SOLID NINE AT
WORK AGAIN
Director Hammond Pro-
vides for His Favor-
ite Niece.
No Significance to Be Attached
to the Late Transfer of
Principals.
But Directors Head and Bnrrington
Hold Widely Divergent Views
on the Subject.
Miss I,ida Carroll, who has secured
the pt-sition of vice-principal in the new-
Mission High School, has nothing to
regret in being the favorite niece of
Director Hammond. She was among
the first of his appointments one year
ago, or shortly after he warmed his
seat in the board. Consequently her
prom<rtion from the substitute class to
that of a teacher and finally to the re
sponsible position of vice-principal of
the new Mission High School all with
in the short period of one year is doing
well, to say the least of it. Of course,
there are other teachers in the School
Department who have been more than
one year teaching in the lower grade.
T'nfortunately for them, they have no
uncle in the board as a Director who
pulled kindly in the "boss" harness and
saw to it that the wishes of Dr. Ragan
and his seven compatriots were car
ried out to the letter, without asking
any impertinent questions as to
whether the changes in the department
were for the good of the pupils and
advantageous to the interest of the tax
payers Probably the other nieces of
this thoughtful Director will be remem
bered later on, provided there be
schools enough to accommodate them
with vice-principalships in High
Schools. Qualifications, of course, do
not count in the eternal fitness of
things in rewarding Directors' nieces
with good paying positions, so long as
there are positions to found.
The breach that has existed in the
School Hoard ever since its members
were first inducted into oflioe is threat
ening to become wider and wider all
because of the late transfer <rf several
principals and vice-principals. The
transfers were in the nature of promo
tions, for salaries have bet n increased
in every case. However, the lucky onefc
will not assume their positions until the
completion of the new Mission High
Sphool, of which Joseph O'Connor was
eta ted principal. That school, accord
ing to Director Head, will not be
ready for the reception of pupils until
the end of the year, and he contends
that the board, to say the least, was
a little premature in making an ap
pointment which will not g<; into effect
urtil that time. He claims that the
board, or rather the Solid Nine of it. is
now paying up some old political debts
and this settlement of claims they
have been endeavoing to bring about
for almost a year past.
As an instance of this political ma
nipulation he points to the assignment
j of Madison Habcock to the vice-princi
palship of the Girls' High School,
I which would appear to be the latter's
reward for having, while Superintend
ent of Schools, nominated Ragan to
succeed Director Halstead. whn died
j before he assumed the duties of his of
i fice about a year ago. and Babcock's
; present promotion has all the ear
j marks of being a stepping stone to the
more elevated place of principal of the
same school. This could be easily ac
complished by the transfer of Profess
or Brooks to another school. James
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 14, 1898.
of the corridor, and as the under sher
iff entered the desperate men slipped
up to the door and turned the key,
which had been carelessly left in the
lock, making the official a prisoner.
They then secured the key to the outer
door and made their escape. The un
der sheriff was compelled to remain in
the room until the following morning,
when one of the deputies, noticing his
predicament, released him.
By this time the escaped prisoners
had boarded a freight train and sub
sequently came to this city. Detectives
Gibson and Wren located Johnson's ac
complice in the tenderloin district and
placed him under arrest. The follow
ing day he was returned to Salinas
City, where he Is now awaiting trial.
Shortly alter 5 o'clock yesterday
morning the same officers discovered
Johnson in a rooming house on Grant
avenue. Determined not to take any
chances of being shot by him the de
tectives suddenly burst open the door
of his room. As they entered Johnson
reached for a loaded revolver which he
bad concealed under his pillow, but be
fore h>- could use it they seized him.
He was then handcuffed and escorted
t.i th.- City I'rism. To-day he will be
taken back to Salinas City.
Simmons pressed O'Connor very close
ly in the race for the Mission High
School principalship, but the latter won
out handily and the former was con-
BOled by succeeding O'Connor in the
Horace Mann.
It might l>e interesting to state In this
connection that Simmons was Kainey's
candidate fur Superintendent of Schools
on th" Democratic ticket against Web-
Bter and Habcook at the last election,
but was defeated, Webster being the
fortunate one of the trio. It would thus
appear that these three had some secret
understanding to stand by each other,
although they were political opponents.
< 'ii the other hand. Director Barring
ton maintains that the appointments
have no especial political significance
whatever, but we're all made in the best
Interests of educational affairs. As to
the charge of undue haste in the mat
t. r of « i'l'nnnnr's appointment, he takes
the opposite stand, for he pays that the
Mission High School wlil !»■ finished in
time for the opening of the school yc;ir
in August, and If this board is to be
accused of being premature, what must
be said of the last one, which attempt
ed t<> elect Charles H. Murphy princi
pal of that school as far back as De
cember, 1596, before the foundation was
laid. He failed of election, however, as
he never received more than six votes.
and it required seven to elect. As to the
wholesale transfer of teachers. Bar
rington says that It was done in the
main at their own request, and In some
cases at the desire of the principals
for the Improvement of the various
schools und^r their charge.
SENSATION OF THE
SUICIDE SYMPHONY
Tschaikowsky's No. 6 Played
by Fritz Scheel at the
Tivoli.
The Russian's Work Dwarfed and
Darkened the R<*st of a Mod
ern Programme.
The much written about "Pathetic." or
"Suicide," or Sixth— as you like it-
Symphony of Tschaikowsky lured the
largest audience of the season to the ;
concert at th<* Tivoli yesterday after- .
noon. Advertising has its value, even ;
fur tlie masterpieces of music. The his
tory of this symphony is sensational—
It has been made sensational by the mv- ■
sic critics of two continents; and many
persons who would not have been moved
by an ordinary concert announcement
were made curious by the innuendo and
esoteric signilicnnce that have been as- I
sociate'l with the work. Their curiosity
was m>t disappointed. The Tsehaikow
sky was a shock; it dwarfed and cheap
ened everything else on the programme.
The "Irn Herbst" overture of Grieg's
was played without notable fineness, but;
It received some attention because it '
came before the symphony. The Schu
mann Abendlieri and four numbers of
Rubinstein's "iial Costume" came after
it. and those were barely tolerated.
Bcheel gTabhed at a few mechanical
hand-pats which greeted the "Toreador
and Andalusian" picture In the Rubin
stein suite, and considered them as an
encore. But he did not deceive the most
of us. who. so soon as the symphony was
over, settled deep in our top coats— the
house was as cold as a morgue — and de- j
tied him to bring us back.
To say the Pathetic Symphony is sen
sational does not imply that it is yellow,
nor that It is given over to the lascivious
pleasings of neurotlcism. To me, as well
as I can understand It after one hear
ing. It seems to be the music of the age
problem music. It asks something of the
heart; it paints pictures of worldly hap- '
piness; It pleads, and in a way it com
forts, but In Its entirety it celebrates the
futility of human hope, the sovereignty
of despair. It is too kindly, too radiant
with melodic beauty to be called cynical.
There is in it none of the massive godli
ness of Beethoven, none of the sweet
dyspepsia of Chopin, none of the colossal
exaggeration of Wagner. It is virile, hu
man and plausible, and It is terribly
modern in Its psychology. I had not seen
the score nnd knew practically nothing i
of the manner of the work before It was
played yesterday, and yet I was not sur
prised by the grim, relentless ending— an
ending that, from its suddenness and ab
solute decision (as compared with other
works), you would expect to be surprise
ful. I can account for this only by tho
thoroughness with which the sympathy
and portent are shadowed from the very
lirst f.f the first movement. The Pathetic
Symphony Is a tragedy, with precious
moments of li»;ht and love and ambition,
but with all its forces working toward
the inevitable tragic er.d.
1 have no Intention of rivaling James
Hamilton Howe, who Is now the official
prose-poet and programme-illuminator
of the Symphony Society, but I defy any
nne of normal imagination to hear this
symphony as Scheel played It yesterday
and not get from It some meaning and
motive beyond the mere sensations of
amiable sound. ASHTON STEVENS.
BIG COURSING STAKE.
Tr)c Disserjsion of the Interstate
Club fJdds to the Entry.
The usual weekly stake to be ran off
at Ingleside to-morrow and Sunday was
drawn at Delta Hall last evening. In
the face of the pending dissension be
tween certain members of the Interstate
Coursing Club the entry was enormous
and the enthusiasm the most pronounced
that has marked a coursing draw for
several months.
The usual chance of the drawing
matched the dogs as follows:
Scott & Glassen's Dr. Norman vs. J.
Grace's Lass o' Gowrie; M. Tiernan's
Belle of Moscow vs. T. Butler's Susie;
H. Spring's Pat Malloy vs. J. Murnam-'s
Valley Maid; J. Sexsmlth's Vigilant vs.
J. R. Dickson s Premier; J. Byrne's Sem
inole vs. Ryan & Ryan's Lanky Boh; If.
Rover's Bly Boy vs. H. Wymaii's Fault*
Lesa Beauty; EC Hanson's Diamond Dick
vs. Larkey & Rock's Myrtle; Kay &
Tram's Diana vs. Gibson ft Sater's Molly
Bawn; j. Quane'a Fireman vs. D. Hoop
er** Heau Brummel; Dfllon & Rlley'a
Cranuale vs. Scott & (Jlass.n's Garden
City; W. K. Thompson's Victor vs. •;.
IMnto's Hercules; J Dean'a ftfoondyke
vs. D. Shannon's Systematic; J. licCor
mlok's White Lily" vs. Kay & Tram's
Leonora: M. Michaliks Fireball vs. Kay
& Tram's BeUpee; M. Mnrfhy's Tod
| Sloane vs. j. Farley's Snowbird; J. Per
; igo's Wayfarer vs. C. D^wlaiu-y's Fleet
wood; Ball & Frank's Count of Monte
Crlsto vs. E. J. Clark's Donald; J. Mc
• 'ormlck's Duke of Oakgn.ve vs. J.
Boyle'a WKW X iiuck; W. Shield's CUffette
vs. Kay & Frank's Carlotta: J. Segger
son'a White chief vs. J. McCormlck'a
Black I'rince; Kay & Frank's Sylvia vs.
M. Mlchalik's Douglass; F. P. MfQuinn's
Fair Ros&llnd vs. J. Derm's Cunnemara:
P. Kearnys Nelly Daly vs. J. Boyle's
Counterfeit: .1. Kerrigan's St. Lawrence
vs>. J. Murnane's Flashlight; Cronln &
McDonald's Skyball vs. J. Byrne's Nelly
The running begins to-morrow at 1
p. m., the ties beinj: run off Sunday.
Lectures on the Jubilee.
Dr. Voorsanper will hopln a scries of
three lectures on "California's Golden
Jubilee." this evening at the Templo
Bmanu-EL The first s<ubject will be "Th.>
law "f immigration and how it is exem
plified." A birge crowd is expected at
each meeting.
l 0 the Divorce Courts.
Mnry J. Mr-drano was printed a dJ
vnrcf from Juso M<rlrano yesterday on
the grounds of willful neglect and failure
t'> provide. Lizzie Arnbergw was prant
ed a dirorce fmm hrr husband, Theodore
Arnberger, on the ground of desertion.
Yes,
I Leave for the Klondike!
"I have arranged for my outfit; looked all
over town, and at last decided that 'the Colum-
bian Woolen Mills' could supply me best They
have a very complete outfitting department."
This man is wise, and it only needs an opportunity for us to
convince you that we can serve you best, whether for Klondike out-
fits or for ready=mad* or made=to=order clothing for children, boys,
youths and men.
Our facilities are most systematic, our white labor workshops
the largest on the Paciiic Coast.
Two new departments just added ; one for trunks, valises, grips,
telescope baskets ; and the other for gents' furnishing goods.
We intend to advertise this latter department by selling finest
grade neckwear in the latest patterns at cost.
Everything we sell is sold to bring you back again.
That is how we build up our business.
S. N. Wood & Co.,
711W22 Market Street.
NEW TO-DAY.
The Latest Clearance Price News. I
«^p Items for housewives and home economists. a^ ||
% Too busy for details and home economists. £<§ffi li
Too busy for details and extra words. Brief, to £<§%?
°^ the point, interesting, money-saving. |l
<« Rich Wrapper Patterns In beautiful dark O. N. T. I 6000 Spools of Clark's Famous O. N. T. Or- 9
10-cent snadlnßs, an elegant flannelette at 10c, manu- i Spool Spool Cotton (regular 100 yard spools); to be -Aw 81
Flannel- facturer's remnants. 2to 5 yard lengths. 1 Ptr* Cotton sold at Spool. N
ette.' lleeced both sides, not over 15 yards to a COS- Ov< ) t|
tomer; this is a bargain | Yard. No. 40 Moire Taffeta Ribbon. 3% inches wide (No. 40). \l
_ Moire good colors, very pretty for hat ribbons, neck Or» H
Pouch BIK- tßlek - heavy Unbleached Fellows, blood i Taffeta and sash ribbons; a hummer for clearance *J\* (9
Turkish warmers, the kind gentlemen like for the bath, lOlr* I R.r-ron. Yard. |4
T " ', 22x40 inches, a Brand towel; a leader for the lASvj; — -.„ T ., — r~vr — t, rr-r r— ; r-r M
lowelb. balance of the week Each.; Ladies' ■■'* r Ladies Handkerchiefs, came in too late ||
I Fine Xmas. they pay the penalty for tardiness MJ
Crochet Full size and extra heavy, pure white, ready] CkPZ r> Handker W " I rth », l ' rorn .- 1 . 5C v. l ? 33c eac embr ?' dered - 1 QIC II
breads. g^ ta^^!^^..^ 'gS 1
. — '' — " — - — ' * i infants Infants* Short Dresses sizes 22 24 and °6 I I *
A Dress Seven yard Suits of Extra Heavy Fancy |CO lO i| Flannel- made of good, heavy 'flannelette, trimmed with O'^r' 8
Goods Cheviot Suiting, to be closed out with a rush at j tj>^ — M'ette finishing braid, large ruffle on yoke, neat lit- At)t 9
Bargain. (These suits are easily worth $3 50.) I Suit. j j Dresses, 'tie dresses to play In; good and warm I Each. El
Another Seven yard Suits of Fancy English Mohairl Gents' Natural Gray and Camel's Hair, good, heavy {-I
Dress Suitings In small and medium effects, all new «>.«."> Wool wool winter garments, silk bound, full of wear EA/> fl
Goods winter shading.«, never sold for less than IS 25 CP*^ ] Under- and warmth and comfort; to go for clear- 01/ v H
Bargain, suit; to aid the clearance rush at I Suit. 1 wear. lance at Garment. JH
ft. ■ ■ " ® I
SPECIAL NOTICE. I
We have arranged with one of our most prominent manufacturers of food articles for an attractive
display of food products in our store this week. - : :» -;
A licht luncheon will be served, gratis, by a skilled attendant, who will take pleasure in giving our lady
patrons some valuable culinary hints. ~ ,"• ' :.': :
® — . (i)
r .r-JNCOaPQISATEb'*" . I
937-939-941-943-945 Market Street. |
\A/E CLOSE EVERY EVENING AT <5 O'CLOCK. l|
yesterday afternoon. The husband was
the plaintiff in the action f'.r divorce,
but he failed to substantiate his alleged |
pround for a lepal separation, while the !
cross- complaint .if his wife was found to !
be based on fact. In consequence the j
court ordered a decree issued In her fa
vor, in any rvent, Arnberger secured a
divorce as desired.