VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO 88.
INVESTIGATION
OF THE ALLEGED
MISMANAGEMENT
Probability of Sifting of Charges
Made Against the War
Department.
Broad Scope of th)« Inquiry T^at May Be Com
menced as to Methods in Vogue During
the Recent War.
THE MAN WHOSE STATEMENTS MAY LEAD TO A !
SENSATIONAL CONGRESSIONAL INVESTIGATION. j
". WASHINGTON, Aug. 26.— 1t is not
absolutely certain that a court of in
quiry will be ordered by the President
to investigate the several charges made
as to the mismanagement of the War
;:rtment.
, .If eventually the President sets on
foot, at the suggestion of Secretary Al
" ger, an investigation as to the methods
in vogue during the recent war with
-Spain, it will take a wide scope, with a
view of improving the army of the fu
• ture. The duties of this board would
cover charges of inefficiency against
the heads of bureaus and their subordi
. nates in the field in all branches of the
.service.
The duties of such a board of inquiry
would not conflict with the work of any
• investigating committee that might be
• 'appointed by Congress. The military
■ . board would conduct its investigations
In a strictly military way.
ALGER ON SITUATION
AT MONTAUK POINT
WASHINGTON. Aug. 26.— During the
• meeting of the Cabinet to-day a teie
• pram was received from General Alger
at Montauk Point, in which he said, in
/effect, that the .«itu.-ition there was rea-
sonably .y. Thf general will
return to Washington to-morrow.
FOURTEEN DEATHS
ON THE TRANSPORTS
. WAKHIN'OTnX. Aug. 26.— The trans
ports Yucatan, Hudson and Gatalina
arrived at M<>ntauk Point to-day with
Several hundred men from Santiago.
The arrival of the ships was reported
to the War Department to-night by
General Wheelor, in command of Camp
•Wikoff. i ■;■::. e r)\<- voyage four deaths
• occurred <■:>. thr- Yucatan, one on the
•Hudson and nine on the Catalina.
SAYS CAMP WIKOFF
■:'. : IS IN GOOD CONDITION
.NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— Secretary Al
ger. arrived in this < ity to-night and is
: at- the Filth-avenue Hotel. In an in
terview he said:
"I did not find the condition of Camp
. Wjkoff nearly as had as I expected. I
cannot see that there is any justifica
tion in the taik that neither the well
nor the sick soldiers are properly
treated. I think there aie splendid ac
commodations for all soldiers who will
go "to Camp Wikoff and especially
now that bo many there have been
piven furloughs. Thursday I received
■ from New York and Hrooklyn
Italfl to take at least 300 sick from
the camp."
rotary Alger was asked: "How do
.you account for the confusion and lack
of facilities at Camp Wikoff?"
To this t;.-neral Alger replied: "Did
you ever PMP M toto camp with 100, or even
fifty, ii. -n? It' S". you know there is
confusion with that number of
men. What do you suppose it must
•h thousand*. To a person who
knows but little about soldiering there
may appear to be much confusion and
privation, but it is only what is to be
expected in roughing it. On many oc- :
B I myself have been in camp j
and have encountered these things. I
found many soldiers lying with noth
ing but a blanket between them and
the ground. Still there were thou
sands of bags in camp. I asked them
why they did not fill the bags with
The San Francisco Call.
straw, of which there was a large
quantity in camp and so make beds
for themselves. They said they had
not thought of such a thing."
"Then," the Secretary was asked
again, "you cannot see that there is
Justification in the complaints which
have been made?"
"None," he replied. "If there was
any lack of medicines or necessary sup
plies the blame would be on those
whose duty it was to order these things.
The first day I went through the deten
tion hospital and later the general hos
pital, and I talked with nearly every
man who was rrsvake. I said to them
all, "Boys, Is there anything you want?'
They all answered, 'Nothing: we are
quite comfortable. ' A few of the men
had no cots, but this was soon reme
died. There are some few sick men,
but there is no yellow fever. There is
some typhoid. I saw some men there
as yellow as any paint you ever saw.
and nothing remained of them but pkln
and bones."
Talking of the Chickamauga camp.
Secretary Alger paid affairs vvere not in
condition there, but to the best
of his knowledge, he said, the only men
now there are those who are too ill to
be moved.
OFFICERS APPEAR READY
TO FACE AN INQUIRY
WASHINGTON. Aug. 26. — General
Corhin, Adjutant General of the army,
says no complaint has reached the War
Department from majc-r general, briga
dier general, colonel or men of the army
regarding want or destitution or lack of
supplies for the troops. No demand has
been made for supplies other than the
regular requisitions for troops . which
come in the ordinary routine way. Gen
eral Corbin declines to be interviewed
on the subject of the many stories afloat
regarding destitution and mismanage
ment of the war, saying that the facts
will come out in due time and people^
will then see for themselves what was
done.
The whole department is greatly
stirred up over the many newspaper
accounts of what has been going on,
and It was the subject of discussion
everywhere about the War Depart
ment, but apparently each head of a
bureau believes that an investigation
of the subject will vindicate him and
his department. The officers in Wash
ington say that the accounts of suf
fering have been exaggerated, but
that if there has been suffering further
than the incidentals of war naturally
would bring about, the fault has not
been with the officers in the depart
ment here.
E«ch officer professes to be ready
and willing that there should be an
investigation. Some say it is necessary
and will welcome a complete Congres
sional inquiry, bringing out all the
facts. No official statement is ex
pected in the" absence of Secretary Al
ger, who will return to-morrow.
AS TO SHERMAN
AND GENERAL MILES
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— Before leav
ing for Washington to-night Secretary
Alger was told that ex-Secretary of
State Sherman had been quoted as
criticizing the management of the War
Department. He admitted that he had
not seen the statements referred to
and refused the characterize them be
yond a meaningless "humph."
Secretary Alger was asked concern
ing the interview with General Miles, in
which the g-eneral is quoted as severely
criticizing the management of affairs in
the War Department. He said bluntly:
"I have seen what was in the papers
about General Miles' reported utter
ances, his demand for an investigation
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, AUGUST 27, 1898.
rHE TWO MEN WHOSE COURSE DURING THE WAR MAY BE THE SUBJECT OF
INVESTIGATION BY CONGRESS.
SENSATIONAL STATEMENT MADE BY
EX-SECRETARY OF STATE SHERMAN
Charges There Was Needless Infliction of Horrible Torture and
Loss of Life Among the American Troops— Demands the
Removal of the Responsible Official.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 26. — A local paper publishes the following' interview with ex-
Secretary of State John Sherman, which has thrown Washington official circles into a tur
moil of indignation and consternation:
"The man who is responsible for the mismanagement of the Cuban campaign, result
ing in the needless loss of scores of American soldiers' lives and in the infliction of horrible
tortures upon a thousand brave defenders of their country's honor, should not be in the
Cabinet. The President has power to order an investigation, which can be conducted by a
board of inquiry to be appointed by him. Such board would not have executive power,
and the findings would have a moral rather ffottri a ju<!iicia« 11 linence. If the board found
that Atnerican soldiers had needlessly suffered and died because of the neglect or incom
petence of an official of the Government, the President, acting upon the verdict rendered,
could remove the official from office. That would be the extent of the punishment under
such conditions. If, however, the President does not order an investigation, Congress holds
the power to impeach the Secretary of War, and can inflict punishment that will mean ever
lasting disgrace in case of conviction. In that case the President would be held equally re
sponsible With the Secretary for not having ordered an inquiry promptly upon the presen
tation of charges of so serious a character.
"In my opinion, the President will find he will be compelled to order an investigation
in self-defense. If the Secretary of War has been guilty of incompetency and neglect, as
has been charged, Air. McKinley cannot afford to sustain him.
"General Miles is a soldier, and, like most soldiers, he is a straightforward and
truthful man. He is no more afraid of an issue than he is of an Indian; and when he
comes to Washington and tells what he knows, an investigation of the War Department
will be inevitable, particularly as he will be corroborated by others who will be entitled to
equal consideration, even if they are not of so exalted a rank."
and charges about withheld and gar
bled messages. I will say frankly that
I don't believe a word of it. I don't be
lieve that he ever said it. A man s en
thusiastic friends get themselves inter
viewed, and he 1b blamed. Now, Gen
eral Miles wanted to go to Santiago. He
had a long talk with the President and
with myself before he started and he
thoroughly understood us and we un
derstood him. He wanted to go to Cuba,
to see 1f he could, by advice or other
wise, help, and he did not go to inter
fere vvith General Shatter, and all this
talk, until I hear differently, I will put
down as untrue."
SOLDIERS CHEERED BY
ALGER'S APPEARANCE
WASHINGTON, Aug. 26.— The Presi
dent has received the following from
General Wheeler:
CAMP WIKOFF, Aug. 26.— President of
the United States: 1 was very glad to
hear that you would visit Monta.uk Point
very soon." The visit of the Secretary
of War baa accomplished more than T
can express. He has promptly corrected
evils mmlf valuable suggestions and
given directions regarding administra-
In addition his personal visits to 1500
Hick po'diers in the hospitals have cheer
<ml them up nnd it is difficult to ade
quately convey to you the change for the
better since the Secretary's arrival. The
announcement that you will visit the sol
diers has already added to this improve
ment and your presence here for even
a single day will accomplish a great ex
tent of good, which you can only realize
after your visit.
ENGLISH COMMENT ON
PEACH COMMISSION
LONDON, Aug. 26.— The Times this
morning, referring editorially to the
American Peace Commission, says:
"The commission is strong in personnel
and in policy, and must be taken to
represent President McKinley's concur
rence in the inclination of the Republi
can party towards a policy of colonial
expansion. The nomination of Mr.
White may be due to the President's
resolve not to ignore the interests and
susceptibilities of the Church of Rome
in the final settlement of the Philippine
subject. If it be true that President
McKinley is, as he seems to be, re
solved to hold something more than
Manila, the logic of the situation will
probably lead him in the end to the oc
cupation of the whole archipelago.
Moreover, bereft of Manila, the Philip
pines would obviously be nothing but a
costly burden which Spain would soon
probably attempt to relieve herself of
in a manner little acceptable to the
United States, especially looking to the
immense war bill Spain has to pay and
the absolute necessity for retrench
ment.
REPEATS THE
DEATH SCENE
OF PETRONIUS
Rev. Mr. Dodge Drinks
a Toast and Expires.
WATCHED OVER BY HIS WIFE
REMAINS OF THE FIRST SPOUSE
TO BEPOSE WITH HIM.
There Were Neither Romans nor
Followers of Nero, but the
Closing of His Life Was
Most Dramatic.
BRUNSWICK, Ga.. Aug. 2«.— The
death scene of Petronius in "Quo Va
dis," with slight variations, was enact
ed by the Rev. A. P. Dodge of Fred
erica, as he passed away to-day. Mr.
Dodge was a member of a wealthy New
York family of that name, and turning
from business twenty years ago, en
tered the Episcopal ministry.
While on a trip through India fifteen
years ago his wife died, leaving him
$250,000, with the stipulation that he
was to have her body preserved until
his own death, when they should be
buried together. Bringing the body
back to Frederica, a second wife helped
the preacher to watch over the remains
of the dead one. Last night he was ta
ken ill and a doctor announced that
death was inevitable.
"Will I live fifteen minutes?" asked
the dying man.
"Yes, half an hour," wan the response.
"Then bring out wine and glasses and
we will drink a toast," said he.
The glasses were filled. The dying
man made one supreme struggle as he
arose from his bed, and, holding his
glass aloft, he said:
"Let us drink to the long life and
prosperity for all present, that the
Lord may bless them."
Glasses were drained, the dying man
sank back on the pillow, and a moment
later was dead. His remains will be
buried to-morrow in a plain pine coffin
by that of his first wife
IMPORTANT CHANGES
IN SANTIAGO AFFAIRS
Sweeping Beforms About to Be In-
augurated— Death Bate From
Fever Increasing.
SANTIAGO, Cuba. Aug. 26,-Important
changes In the civil government relating
to schools, police, customs and mercan
tile and harbor regulations are in pro
cess of preparation by Generals Lawton
and "W ood, and a proclamation oarrvinu
them into effect will probably be issued
in a few days. The police force is to be
Increased with a view of enabling the
withdrawal of the military from patrol
duty. The changes will aid the shipping
mercantile and industrial Interests. The
port duties and salaries of many officlii
civil, ecclesiastical and provincial offi
cers will be reduced.
The salary of Archbishop Ores™ whfrh
was formerly JIS.OW. will be reduced to
$6000. The proposed changes meet with
the approval of the better classes
General Castillo to-day had a brief in
terview with General Lawton in reference
to the disbandment of the Cuban army
General Castillo returned to Garoia this
afternoon. The arrangements were not
completed. The visit elicited little in
formation.
Dr Eugene Ward of the Marine Hospi
tal Corps has arrived here for the pur
pose of experimenting with the Sare
nelli serum for yellow fever The death
rate among civilians Is increasing do
spite the better facilities for sanitation '
A alight stiock of earthquake was exn'e
rlonced here about 11:55 o'clock this morn-
Ing.
ADVANCE ON OMDURMAN
HAS COMMENCED
The Khalif Expected to Make a Stub
born Defense of the Tomb of
the Mahdi.
WADY HAMED. Aug. 26.-The Anglo-
Egyptian forces began to advance yester
day, moving in fire parallel columns at
deploying distance. They were led by
Jaalin guides and by bands of pipers who
were playing. It was an imposing spec
tacle. The friendly natives on the oppo
site bank of the Nile indulged in delighted
war dances. The camp is now a wTlder
| ndea of broken biscuit-boxes and other
I rubbish.
The dervishes' scouts are active, and it
is rumored there Is a dervish force on the
I left bank of the Emirs Zekl and Wadbil
share. It is reported that the Khalif is
preparing to make a stand at Kerrerl.
geven miles north i' Omdurman, and will
I defend the Mahdl'B tomb to the last.
OFFICERS SOLD
DELICACIES SENT
TO SICK SOLDIERS
Sensational Charges Made by the
Hospital Corps oq the
Olivette.
Treatment of tbe Suffering Men Declared to
Have Been Outrageous and the Condi
tions Dan)nable.
BOSTON. Aug. 28.— The hospital
corps of the Red Cross Society on the
Olivette has prepared the following
statement:
"ON BOARD THE OLIVETTE,
Lewie Wharf, Boston, Aug. 25.— We re
quest you to please kindly publish this
as the bearer gives it to you, word for
word, as he was one of the crew on the
Olivette. As to the things put on
board at New York for the sick and
wounded they were never received and
were sold to the officers in charge by
Major Appel, and, in regard to the way
the sick were served it was an outrage.
If you wish for witnesses we are with
him, the whole corps.
"Fred Miller, Harry G. White, John
A. Henderson, J. G. Mihe. Stuart Ward,
Stuart Johnson, Dan Kelley, Frank
Folsom. A. Rudy, O. S. Schlefleld. T.
O. de Deer, John Lunsca, John Wil
liams, John J. Sugal and Sergeant
James Jadet."
Frederick Miller was a seaman on
the Olivette, and had every opportun
ity to observe the men and the treat
ment they received on the trip from
Santiago. He says:
"We left Santiago In a wretched
condition, and the lack of proper food
and the 'treatment on the voyage came
near being disastrous to all the sick
and wounded. I remember that one
man died after we were at sea a few
days, and at present his body is proba
bly floating around. I made a coffin,
lined it with canvas and covered the
outside with tar. No holes were bored
in the box, and after it had been heav
ily weighed Major Appel ordered the
men to throve it overboard. As the
coffin was airtight it did not sink and
will probably float around for months.
"The treatment of the sick and
wounded was outrageous, and it is a
wonder that any survived. Those who
wore able to walk got food from the
sailors and firemen, but all could not
be fed that way. When we arrived at
New York, ice cream, ginger ale and
other delicacies were put on board for
the sick and wounded. The food ajid
drink never reached the soldiers, for
they were sold by Major Appel and his
officers to passengers. When we got
to Moatauk Point what was left of the
ice cream was sour and thrown over
board. The soldiers on the Olivette
suffered from the negligence of the
GREAT BRITAIN
THREATENS CHINA
The Situation Acute and
Threatening.
ENGLAND'S SHIPS MOBILIZED
DEMONSTRATION AGAINST THE
PEKING GOVERNMENT.
Relations With Russia Are Cordial,
but John Bull Is Determined to
Extend His ''Sphere of
Usefulness."
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
LONDON, Aug. 27.-The Peking cor
respondent of the Daily Mail says:
The situation has become acute. The
relations between the Tsung Li Ya
men and Sir Claude Macdonald, the
British Minister, are strained to the
point of rupture. Sir Claude Macdon- I
aid has intimated that any failure by
China to observe Great Britain's
wishes will be accepted as a casus
belli.
In support of Sir Claude Macdonald
the fleet has been concentrated at Wei
Hai Wei and Hankow, and all the war
ships under 5000 tons have been mobi
lized in the Yang Tse River. The naval j
demonstration is solely directed against ;
China, as it is seml-offlcially stated |
that the existing relations with Russia |
are cordial.
Lord Salisbury has abandoned the
policy of the open door, substituting for |
it a policy of spheres of Influence, j
Diplomatic conferences ha%-e been of j
frequent occurrence in the last few
days Lord Salisbury insists upon the
recognition by the other powers inter- ]
ested in China of the boundaries of
Great Britain's '■sphere of influence."
In the same instrument whereby Great |
Britain recognizes Russia's position in |
Manchuria. Russia is required to j
acknowledge the paramountity of Eng- i
land in the Yang Tse Valley and guar- ]
antee that our territorial requirements
shall be permanently respected.
Great Britain is willing to drop her
protest in respect to the New Chwang
railway, but Russia is required to can- |
eel her agreement with China that the I
country having the largest financial in
terest should arbitrate in disputes con
nected with the Peking-Hankow rail
road.
The negotiations are confined to Pe
king. The British Embassadors at St.
Petersburg and Peking are in close
communication.
The Copenhagen correspondent of the
Daily Mall asserts that he is In a posi
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
War Department and also from the
avarice of some of the officers."
DAMNABLE CONDITIONS
IN CAMP AND ON TRAIN
BOSTON, Aug. 26.— The First Maine
Volunteers reached home to-night. All
the men on the train tell the i^me old
story of mismanagement and ineffi
ciency of the supplies and hospital at
tendance. The conditions at the di
vision hospital are described as a dis
grace to any country pretending to any
kind of military establishment. Men
who needed the most careful treatment
were simply rolled in blankets and left
lying on the damp ground, and at no
time was there a sufficient store of
proper food and medical supplies. The
cars were in just the condition of com
mon emigrant cars, and as inadequate
for the conveyance of sick soldiers as
the hospital accommodations are said
to have been in the Southern camp.
An officer of the regiment who for
obvious reasons could not permit the
use of his name made this emphatic
statement: "The hospitals at the new
md old camps are practically the same.
I am not exaggerating it a bit when I
say the arrangements are damnable.
The greatest lack was in medical at
tendance, skilled surgeons being ■'ew
for so large a number of men. The
Government has also made the great
mistake of not putting in bkilled female
nurses, and the policy of the Govern
ment has been carried out rigidly with
the result that you see all about you on
this troop train lad^n with death."
Chaplain Esterbrook stated that the
great amount of sickness at Chicka
mauga ParK was without doubt due to
two yrtmary- ©ftus^s*. the /condition of
the camp ground itself, due to the un
favorable unnanitary location in a ma
larial district, and secondarily the in
action of the men. Of course the water
supply was a great cause of typhoid.
It was atrocious.
Lieutenant Atkins of Company D
said: "The ride was one of death. The
district through which we passed was
so sandy that sand blew in the men's
bunks, and finally became so bad we
had to close the doors and ventilators.
This made the conditions practically
unbearable."
tfon to confirm the statement recently
made that a compromise has been ar
rived at between England and Russia,
in accordance with which Russia gets
her way on the railway question and
England gets concessions in other di
rections. The relations between Eng
land and Russia are very satisfactory,
the Russian concessions fully meeting
English wishes.
A special dispatch from Shanghai
says: Violent scenes are reported to
have occurred between Sir Claude
Maodonald, the British Minister and
M. Pavloff, the Russian Charge d'Af
faires, owing to th< ; latter's command
ing the Tsung Li Yamen to revoke its
agreement with the Hongkong Bank
under pain of the Czar's strong dis
pleasure. The Chinese are inclined to
obey M. Pavloff, seeing that the Brit
ish confine themselves to verbal pro
tests. The position is now worse than
ever. All the Russian ships have re
turned to Port Arthur, while the Brit
ish vessels are assembling at Wei Hai
Wei and Chefu. Extreme activity
prevails ashore at Port Arthur The
action of the Russians at New Chwang
indicates an intention orr their part to
remain there in strong force whether
they build the Tien Tsin Railway or
not.
PROTECTION DEMANDED
FOR AMERICANS
LONDON, Aug. 26.— The Daily Mail's
Hongkong correspondent telegraphs:
The British Consulate at Kiaung Chau
Heinan has asked the American Consul
at Canton to urge the Viceroy to send
soldiers to Nodea, near Hoi How, to
protect the lives and property of Amer
ican missionaries there, who have been
obliged to flee for their lives from No
dea and seek the protection of the Brit
ish Consul at Hoi How.
To-day the American Consul at Can
ton notified the Viceroy of the state of
affairs and requested him to imme
diately telegraph peremptory orders to'
the officers of the disturbed district to
disperse the rioters and protect the lives
and property ef the "Americans.
Reports just received from Heinan
indicate renewed successes on * the part"
of. the, Triad Society, who," strengthened
by a horde of pirates, looted and burned
a number of villages in the Hoi How.
district on August 19.
-'-V The Z British Consul appealed to the
Tao Tai -to protect the threatened ■'
Americans, r and soldiers were " dis
patched, who succeeded in rescuing
them and escorting them from Nodea' to
Hoi How. '.:- : . -■-■
1^
ONLY SEVENTEEN DEATHS.
Loss of American Troops Through
Illness at Manila.
LONDON, Aug. 27.— The correspondent
of the Times at Manila, telegraphic Fri
day, says:
Among the American troops there have
been only seventeen deaths from illness
since landing. Twenty-three thousand
stand of arms, 10,000,000 cartridges and an
immense quantity of large ammunition
have been surrendered, with nearly 15,000
prisoners.
There Is undoubtedly practical unanim
ity among merchants, irrespective of na
tionality, in favor of the permanent oc
cupation of the archipelago by the Am
ericans. Nobody conceives the re-estab
lishment of Spanish soverelnty as pos
sible.2
PREPARING TO
LEAVE FOB PARIS
Peace Commissioners
Are Announced.
MOORE WILL BE SECRETARY
CABINET ALSO CONSIDERS SOME
IMPORTANT DETAILS.
In Order to Fulfill His Itew Duties
Day Will Resign From McKin
ley's Cabinet Very
Soon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 26.— The Cabi
net was in session two hours to-day
and devoted a large share of the time
to matters which will come before the
peace commission.
At the adjournment of the meeting
Secretary Day announced that four
members of the commission had been
selected. Secretary Day, Senators Frye J
and Davis and Whitelaw Reid.
As to the fifth member of the com- i
mission no definite announcement could j
be made. Justice White's acceptance j
not having at that time been received, j
The membership of the commission
being completed. Secretary Day ar
ranged to leave for Canton to-morrow, i
In order to make his personal prepara- j
tions for the trip to Paris. He will be
accompanied abroad by Mrs. Day, who
has entirely recovered from her recent
illness. The Secretary has already
chipped to Canton a number of fris per
sonal effects in anticipation of his early
retirement from the head of the State
Department.
Assistant Secretary Moore to-night
admitted his selection as secretary of
the commissk 1. He said he had not
decided on when he would resign his
position as Assistant Secretary of State,
but that it would probably be within
a fortnight. He had a long conference
with the President this afternoon.
The following attaches of the peace
commission have been selected and will
be appointed by the President: John :
Moore of Massachusetts, now Assistant j
Secretary of State, to be secretary of j
the commission, and J. W. Mac Arthur |
of New York to be assistant secretary, j
Mr. Mac Arthur was formerly first sec- j
retary of the United States legation at i
Madrid and is now on special duty at '
the State Department. He has had con- |
glderable experience in work of a 'dip- j
lomatic nature. These appointments !
were decided on by the President this j
afternoon.
JUSTICE WHITE
RELUCTANTLY ACCEPTS
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald tel
egraphs: Justice White of the Su
preme Court of the United States has
reluctantly accepted the appointment
as member of the commission to ar
range the terms of peace with Spain.
Th* reason for his reluctance was that
two members of the Supreme Court,
Chief Justice Fuller and Justice Brew
er, are members of the Venezuela Ar- j
bltration Commission and will probably !
be absent much of the time during the
next session of the court. Justice White
doubted the advisability of having still
another member of the court absent
from the bench, and this consideration
led him at first to decline the appoint
ment. He considered his declination as
final, but the President and all the
members of the Cabinet united in urg
ing him to reconsider his determination
and the President this evening received
a message from him accepting the place
on the commission.
The commissioners and attaches will
gall for Paris on September 15, and, in
cluding the ladies who will accompany
them, will number about thirty.
SPAIN CONSIDERING
DISPOSITION OF TROOPS
Bagasta Thinks Those That Capitu
lated at Manila Should Go to
the \iscayas Islands.
MADRID. Aug. 26.— The Cabinet was in
«ession again to-day. Senor Segasta said
the Government was principally occupied
with the disposition of the troops that
had capitulated at Manila. It would be
better, be thought, to transport them to
the Viscayas Islands than to bring them
home, hut the question must be decided
by agreement with the American Gov
ernment. It depended upon whether or
not the troops were considered prisoners
of war.
The Spanish army officers who arriv
ed on the steamer Alicante, which reach
ed Corunna on the 24th inst. with the first
of the Spanish repatriated soldiers, were
given a banquet by representatives of
the Madrid press. The officers declare
that both the American and Spanish na
tions adhered to the methods of civil
ized warfare throughout the campaign
They concede the superiority of Ameri
can artillery. The health of the troops
which arrived on the Alicante is already
greatly improved.
BODIES OF SOLDIERS
TO BE BROUGHT BACK
Americans Slain in the Late "War
■ Will Be Interred in Their
Home Country.
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.-The Washington
correspondent of the Herald telegraphs:
[t is : the 'expressed Intention of Secretary
Alger to have the body of every man
killed In the war brought back to the
United States. With this purpose in view
he has given instructions to have each
grave marked so there would be no doubt
as to the Identification of the bodies.
This action was anticipated by Con
press, which just before adjournment ap
propriated $200,000 to defray the expenses
Df bringing back the dead. Certain regu
lations laid down for the purpose of quar
antine will be observed, and the remains
of soldiers will not therefore be im
mediately removed. .It is probable that
i number of months will intervene, but as
loon as it can be done .with safety to the
health of the living the work will be be
fun ' — - ■ ■—'•.' ?
DESERTED CAPTURED.
Harry Scholfield Found in His Fath
er's Barn at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 26.— Harry Schol
fleld, who enlisted in this city in Battery
k. Third Artillery, last June, was arrested
»y Officers Maley and Fisher to-day In his
father's barn, having deserted just before
the battery departed for Alaska, whither
It was ordered. He says that he enlisted
to fight for his country and was willing
to do so. but having had rheumatism bad
ly, he did not wish to face suffering from
{t in that cold climate, and preferred to
take punishment instead of going there.
Minister Vicuna Presented.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 26.— Seno Vicuna.
V
the new Minister from Chile to this coun
try, was accompanied to the White House
by Secretary Day and presented to the
President. There- was the usual exchange
of diplomatic greetings incident to the re
ception of a new Minister.
EMPLOYING PRINTERS
REFUSE THE REQUEST
Typothetao of America Not Yet
Beady to Grant the Nine-
Hour Day.
MILWAUKEE, Aug. 26.— After strug
gling through a long executive session,
during which the nine-hour day was the
subject of warm debate, the United
Typothetae of America at noon to-day
disposed of the nuestion for the present
by the passage of the following resolu
"Resolved, By the United Typotnetae
of America, that this body does not deem
it practicable at the present time to rec
ommend to its members any change in
the hours of labor which constitute a
day's work.
••Resolved. That the secretary of this
convention be instructed to forward cop
ies of these resolutions to the president "'
the International Printing Pressmen's and
Assistants' Union and to George W. Har
ris, chairman of the committee appointed
by the International Typographical Union.
••Resolved. That a committee of live
members of this convention, to whom
shall be referred the question as to what
measure, if any, can be adopted by the
employing printers winch will make a
shorter work day practicable without en
dangering loss upon the employers, be
appointed, and that this committee be
authorized to confer with the represnta
tives of the International Printing Press
! men's Union and International Typo-
I graphical Union and such other similar
organizations as it may deem proper."
The next convention will be held in New
Haven, Conn.
The following officers were elected:
j President, C. S. Morehouse, New Haven,
Conn.; secretary, J. S. Cushlng, Boston;
treasurer, R. B. Donnelly. Chicago. Ex
i ecutive committee — J. J. Little, New
i York, chairman; J. W. Dornan, Phila
; delphia; V,'. C. Hornick, St. Paul; J. H.
i Bruce, Nashville; Amos Pettibone, Chi
cago; Charles Wenborne, Buffalo: Frank
lin Hudson. Kansas City Mo.
The committee of five to meet represent
atives of unions on the nine-hour day is
as follows: J. J. Little, New York; Ed
ward Treegard, St. Louis; J. B. Morgan,
Cincinnati; A. J. Mikens, Milwaukee, and
Amos Pettibone. Chicago.
The opening session was taken up with
receiving routine committee reports, the
most important being that of the com
i mittee on use of the union label, which
reported that it believed the enforced
! priming of the union label on public print
ing matter, national. State and munici
pal, is a violation of the constitutional
rights of the individual and Is class legis
laton.
A resolution passed authorizes the exec
utive committee to institute and prosecute
a test case on printing of the union label
to a court of last resort.
The convention was brought to a close
to-night by a banquet given at the Hotel
Pflster by the Mlwaukee Typhothetae to
the visiting delegates, covers being laid
for 200 guests.
PUGILIST SCOTT DIES.
Butler ana His Seconds Are Placed
Under Arrest.
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— Alex Scott, pu
j gilist. died at the Norwegian Hospital
this morning of uraemic convulsions,
' brought on by his exertions in his fight
j with Tommy Butler at the Greenwood
Athletic Club, Brooklyn, last night.
Scott was a brakeman on the Long
| Island Railroad, 25 years old. and leaves
[ a widow and two children. He had made
; no proper preparation to meet Butler last |
' night, and It is declared by the physi
| clans that his kidneys were in bad condi
tion before he entered the ring. The ex-
I citement. heat and his exertions brought
on a series of uraemic convulsions, to ,
whtc h he succumbed. Butler and his sec
onds are under arrest.
Dr. J. P. Hart, the physcian to the
Greenwood Athletic Club, said that Scott
was in perfect condition when he entered
the ring. He said the probable cause of
his death was concussion of the brain.
In t*ve last round, the doctor said, Scott
showed the fatigue of this terrible exer
tion and the heat, and he was knocked
j down four times, falling on his head on
i the hard-wood floor.
Tommy Butler was arraigned before a
magistrate, charged with manslaughter,
and remanded In the sum of $500. The
court denied a motion to dismiss on the
ground of insufficient proof that a crime
had been committed. The magistrate
said: "Notwithstanding the club's license
and the laws on boxing, no man has any
right to inflict punishment that will kill.
Butler pleaded not guilty. The seconds
of the club, the president of the club and
the alleged matchmakers of the club, were
all held in $1000 for examination on Tues
day. The prisoners, with the exception of ,
Butler, were arraigned as abettors.
RACING AT SANTA ROSA.
Present Meeting Will Close To-Day
With a Special Programme.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 26.— There was a
very fair attendance at to-day's races on
the track of the Santa Rosa Stock Farm,
this being the fifth day of the races held
under the auspices of the Pacific Coast
Trotting Horse Breeders' Association. To
morrow will be the last day and a spe
cial programme has been arranged in
consequence, including a 2:15 trot for $300
and 2:12 pace for a like sum. The special
attractions are expected to draw a large
crowd. Summaries:
2:30 pace, purse $300, two In three.
Mia Louise 2 1 2
Lady Margaret 2 12
Don 3 2 3
Clara H and Belle W dlst
Best time, 2:13%.
2-20 trot, purse $300, two in three.
Iran Alto 1 3 2 1
Doctor J J 1 1 * ...
Silver Queen 3 4 3 ruled out
May B . ♦ 1 distanced
Best time. 2:16.
217 pace, purse $300, two In three.
Rex Alto J J
You Bet J 2
Billy Baker » J
Charles David ] *
Bastlna ♦ '
I Direct ° *
Butcher Boy » »
Nutway | »
PeanUtS BesnimeTii-llH:
How They Ran at Saratoga.
SARATOGA. Aug. 26.— At the races here
to-day the weather was fine, track heavy
and attendance large. Summaries:
Ftret race, selling, five furlongs:
Garrabrant, 100 CDupee). ff to 1 1
Hop Scotch, 103 (Powers), 4 to 1 and even 2
Joe Carroll, 107 (Irving), 2% to 1 3
Time, l:f>fi%.
Tyrian and Five o1o 1 Clock also ran.
Second race, selling, six furlongs:
Saratoga, 101 (Kuhn), 9 to 6 1
Ma Angeline, 101 (Dupee), even and out 2
Vaneosa 110 (Oatewood), 6 to 1 3
Time. 1:18%. -\
Uncle Louis and Island Prince also ran.
Third race, handicap, one and a sixteenth
miles:
Filament, 96 (Forbes), 6 to 5 1
Banquo 11, 113 (Powers), 8 to 5 and 1 to 2—2 — 2
Manassas, 117 (Irving), 6 to 6 I
Time, I:SG.
Premier also ran.
Fourth race, nelllng. six furlongs:
Field Lark, 94 (Michaels), 8 to 5 1
Island Prince, 99 (Forbes), 10 to 1 and 3 to 1.. I
Prime Minister. 104 (Blake), 3 tp 1 S
Time, I:l9V*.
Flare A»-ay and Joe Anderson also ran.
Laurel Leaf did not finish.
Fifth race, pelltnf?. one mile:
Orimar, 106 (Dupee), even l
Knight of the Garter, 103 (Powers), 4 to 1
and even 2
Marito, 33 (Rlalr), 20 to 1 3
Time, lAT>%.
Squan also ran.
Charged With Manslaughter.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Aug. 26.— J. A.
Ford, a well-known school teacher of this
county, was this afternoon arrested and
charged with manslaughter by J. M.
Reis, whose 8-year-old boy died from what
he alleges were the results of Injuries re
ceived in the schoolroom by being roughly
handled by Ford. It Is claimed that Ford
threw the boy on a bench, and the boy,
striking his head, received injuries to the
brain that caused his death in a few days.
Ford denies any rough treatment of the
boy. The coroner's jury gave a verdict
of death from natural causes, which was
followed by Rois causing the arrest of
Ford for manslaughter.
As Usual
The Ban Francisco News Letter this
week is a pleasant sedative. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 27, 1898.
FRENCH CRUISER BRUIX, REPORTED TO HAVE FOUNDERED.
KLONDIKERS ARE
FLOCKING HOME
Two Hundred Arrive at
Seattle.
ONLY FEW BRING GOLD DUST
BARK GUARDIAN WRECKED,
BUT NO LIVES LOST.
Many ' New Postpfflces and Mail
Routes Established in Alaska.
Big Exodus From Dawson,
Where Food Is Scarce.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 26.— News
reached here this afternoon of the
wrecking: of the bark Guardian on the
rocks off Tigaldo Island, Alaska. No
lives were lost. Captain Eagles and the
crew took to the lifeboats and pulled
through the fog twenty-three miles to
I'nalaska. The Guardian will undoubt
edly be a total loss, as she was fast go
ing to pieces when last sighted. The
Guardian was returning from Kotzebue
Sound, where she had landed a large
number of passengers.
The steamer Conemaugh sailed for
St. Michael to-day with a large cargo
of freight. She also carried four river
steel steamers knocked down. Included
in her freight were sixty tons of sup
plies for the United States soldiers at
rit. Michael and the light battery sent
north from San Francisco a few days
ago on the steamer Humboldt.
The steamer Laurada arrived this af
ternoon from St. Michael and Dutch
Harbor, Alaska, with 200 passengers,
160 of whom are from Dawson. Only a
few had gold dust, the total amount of
which is estimated between $50,000 and
$100,000. The majority of the passengers
were men who went to Alaska last win
land this spring and were unsuccess-
KAGUAY, Alaska, Aug. 18. via Vic
lit, B. C, Aug. 26.— John P. Clum of
shington, D. C, who was last March
ignated by Postmaster General Gary
special postal commissioner for
.ska, has arrived In Skaguay from
Michael, via Juneau, in the gunboat
eeling, after a Journey of over 10,000
es through Alaska. He has estab
lished a great many new offices and for
the interior Alaskan towns between
Juneau andTanana he has arranged for
a twice a month mail, and for the .towns
between St. Michael and Tanana a
monthly mail. This service is to be
maintained throughout the entire year,
tter and summer. Mr. Clum says
: the Government will send out in
?tors to Alaska frequently to see
i the contractors for carrying the
Is live up to their contracts,
ajor J. M. Walsh, the Yukon Com
missioner, w r ho has been succeeded by
Mr. Ogilvie, the former Dominion Sur
veyor, is in the city awaiting the ar
rival of his successor, who is expected
in a few days. Major Walsh said to
day that the collection of the royalty
was a matter optional with him and in
ail matters he was granted great lati
tude; that he was empowered to amend
the existing mining laws and in some
instances he did change and modify
them to suit the exigencies of the oc
casion. Concerning the collection of the
royalty the major vehemently re
marked: "I never enforced the collec
tion of the royalty from any man who
was not able to pay the royalty many
times over. The law was only enforced
! against the men who Were able to pay
it — the rich mine owners."
VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 26.— The
steamer City of Topeka arrived this
afternoon from Alaskan points, bring
ing among her passengers Postal In
spector Clum, who is returning from a
tour of Alaska Territory. A brother
of Major Walsh was also a passenger.
The major was still at Skaguay await
ing the arrival of Commissioner Ogil
vie. The passengers confirm the
statement of the richness of the Pine
Creek diggings. There is a shortage
of supplies inevitable at Dawson this
winter. But few cargoes have been
received via St. Michael, and the boats
from Lake Bennett can make only
about three more trips.
Commissioner Livernash addressed a
meeting after his return from Ottawa,
indicating that he had received no en
couragement to expect a removal of
royalties on the output now levied by
the Dominion Government. Many peo
ple are getting away from Dawson,
wages are decreasing and the pros
pects for a hard winter, unless relief
of some kind is provided, are decidedly
serious.
The charges made against Commis
sioner Pawcett are said to be incom
petency and the postal officials are
cleared of any boodllng.
TROUBLESOME HOP-PICKERS.
Gang of Strikers on a Lodi Ranch
Making Threats.
LODI, Aug. 26.— The hop-pickera at the
Olsen ranch, near Newhope, have been
on a big strike for three days for higher
rates. About eighty pickers are Involved.
Several times a display of arms has been
made, but there has been no shooting.
The strikers are led by a Stockton gang
Last night one man was arrested for a
threat to burn Olsen out, and he was kept
in Irons all night. Trouble may ensue.
Cruiser Prairie Uninjured.
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— The auxiliary
cruiser Prairie went aground on a sand
bar off Amgansett, L. 1., about half a
mile from the mainland. She was
hauled off by two tugs this afternoon
and proceeded to Fort Pond Bay, where
she anchored. She sustained no injury.
SPANIARDS SAIL
FROM SANTIAGO
Three Transports Load
ed With Captives.
GEN. TORAL BIDS THEM ADIEU
SPEAKS PLEASANT WORDS TO
THE DEPARTING SOLDIERS.
General Shafter Now on the Way
Home, and After Going to
Washington Will Come
to San Francisco.
Dispatch to The Call.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Aug. 25.— The
Spanish transports San Francisco, San
Augustine and Colon left this after
noon with 4568 Spaniards, Including fif
teen officers and their families and
four priests. Eight men died on the
way to the ships. Their corpses were
"checked off" as passengers. It ap
pears that there have been many in
stances of this during the embarka
tion of the Spaniards, the transporta
tion company thus being enabled to
collect the passage money, a thing
readily managed under the easy inspec
tion of the Americans.
General Toral, when "bidding adieu to
the Spanish officers' and men who were
leaving said:
"Conquered, we yield with honor to
ourselves and to Spain. Whatever may
be the future of Cuba, history will pre
serve the story of our heroic and noble
deeds in this country. We regret our
failure and its cost in treasure and in
blood, but you have nobly fought and
nobly lost."
General Shafter and his staff sailed
this afternoon •on the United States
transport Mexico. On arriving at Mon
tauk Point General Shafter will go
with Major Miley to Washington to
meet President McKlnley and Secre
tary Alger, afterward proceeding to
San Francisco.
GARDEN PARTY AT FAIRFAX.
Brilliant Entertainment in Aid of the
New School Fund.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 26.— Under the
wide-spreading branches of large oak
trees, with a myriad of Japanese lanterns
twinkling among the green foliage and
the gay scene brilliantly lighted by elec
tricity, one of the most successful social
events of the season occurred last even-
Ing at the Fairfax Villa. The occasion
was a garden party .and muslcale given
by Mme. A. Pastori for the benefit of the
new Fairfax school, and had as patrons
some of the most distinguished members
of society in San Francisco, Oakland and
San Rafael. The Hotel Rafael was prac
ticully deserted for the evening.
For the amusement of the guests the
best talent obtainable had been secured,
all the performers volunteering their serv
ices free for the worthy object In view.
It included several professionals from
the Tlvoli Theater, Mme. Pastori and Miss
Nellie Schiller, the talented elocutionist.
Dancing began at the expiration of the
musical and literary programme. Lunch
eon was served at a late hour on small
tables under the leafy trees and on an
elevated platform built in the branches of
a giant of the forest.
The programme of musical and literary
selections was as follows:
Duet, "A Night In Venice" (Lucantonl), Mrs.
Tlllle Salinger-Branson and Madnme A. Pas
tori; trio from "Attilla" (Verdi). Mrs. Tillle
Salinger-Branson. John J. Raffael and Philip
Branson; solo, "The Palms" (Faure), John J.
Raffael; recitation, "The Face on the Floor"
(Darcy). Miss Nellie Schiller; solo, "My JJream
of You" (Kodney), Mrs. Tlllle Salinger-Bran
son; duet from "The Lily of Ktll&rney" (Ben
edict), Messrs. Branson and Raffael : solo,
"Eternity (Eaton), Madame A. Pastori; quar
tet, "Good-Night," from the operti "Martha"
(Flotow), Mesdamea Salinger- Branson and Pas
tori and Messrs. Branson and Raffael.
The affair was under the patronage of
the following well known members of so
ciety:
Baron and Baroness Yon Schroeder, Baron A.
Yon Schroeder, Mr. W. Whlttler, Mrs. and Miss
Carroll, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Crooks, Mr. and
Mrs. M. O. and Miss S. Tonini, Mrs. Fred
Ore«n, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Johnson,
Mr. and Mrs. Gerstle, Dr. and Mrs.
Arnold, Mr. and Mrs. I*. Lavtosa, Mr.
Thomas Boyd, Miss Mazle Boyd, Dr.
and Mrs. Terrlll, Miss Brlzzolara, Mr. and
Mrs. Clyde Brown, Mr. A. E. Scott, Mr. and
Mrs. J. H. Wllklns, Mr. and Mrs. T. J. FaMon.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Oagliardo, Mr. and Mrs. Mor
ris and many others.
PRAISED BY THE PRESIDENT
Good Work Done by the Army and
Navy Christian , Commission.
WASHINGTON, v Aug. 26.— President
McKinley has written the following let
ter congratulating the Army ' and Navy,
Christian Commission on its work among
the soldiers during the war: _
: EXECUTIVE MANSION, Aug. 28, 1898.
, John J. McCook, Esq.. Chairman Executive
Committee, Army and Navy :, Commission, : New
York— My -Dear Sir: - I have noted with much
pleasure the admirable work that tho Army and
Navy '; Commission, : organized ■■> by . the Interna
tional Commission of - the Young ■ Men a Chris
tian i r Association, - has been accomplishing: for
the physical and social welfare of our soldiers
and sailors. Hoping i that - the good ; work may
be continued, I am faithfully yours, ■■ ■■•"■■■*.-.•
■ WILLIAM McKINLEY.
■ - -
AN ISLAND IS SEI23D.
To Be Used by the Anglo-Egyptian
Expedition as an Advance Depot.
WADY HAMED, Aug. 26.—Yester
day the gunboats with the Anglo-
Egyptian expedition seized the island
of Gib-El-Royan, opposite '"El Hajlr,
about forty miles north of Omdura
man, the capital of the Khalifa. The
island will be used as an advance depot
for stores.
Succumbs to the Terrible Burns.
SANTA BARBARA, Aug. 26.— Carlo Zlt
tone, the Italian injured in the explosion
in the Summerland oil tunnel yesterday,
died to-day. Melvin Snow will probably
recovtts.
EXCHANGE WORDS
OF FRIENDSHIP
Significant Telegrams
Are Passed.
TWO RULERS IN HAPPY MOOD
PRESIDENT FATJRE CELEBRATES
HIS RUSSIAN VISIT.
•• • ■■ ■. ■ V
Emperor Nicholas Responds With a
Message Expressing Increas
ing Good Wis4i«6 "for
France, Our Friend."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Aug. 26.— President Faure
and Emperor Nicholas exchanged tele
grams to-day in honor of the first an
niversary of M. Faure's visit to Rus
sia. The President's telegram to the
Caar was in part as follows:
"The declarations which were ex
changed beneath the shadows of our
flags in the roadstead of Cronstadt are
memories so dear to us, that I cannot
let this anniversary pass without as
suring your Majesty again of my very
keen gratitude for the reception your
Majesty gave the President of the re
public.
"Our sentiments have undergone no
change. I am to-day, as I was then, a
faithful Interpreter of the French peo
ple In renewing to your Majesty an ex
pression of the ardent wish we enter
tain for your happiness, for that of th<»
imperial family and for the grandeur
of Russia."
Emperor Nicholas replied: "The Em
press and myself are deeply touched by
the sentiments you have been so good
as to express on the occasion of the an
niversary of our visit on board the
Pothuau. "We like to revert in our
thoughts to those historic moments, tha
remembrance of which will never fade.
"It gives me peculiar pleasure to be
able to renew at this time an expression
of the unchanging and unceasing good
wishes we entertain for you, Monsieur
le President and for France, our
friend."
SAVED BY . PLUCK AND LUCK.
William K. Vanderbilt Jr. Has a
Narrow Escape From Drowning.
NEWPORT, R. 1., Aug. 26. Pluck and
luck saved "William K. Vanderbilt Jr.
from being drowned in Newport harbor,
where his half-rater was caught in a
nasty squall and went over, tossing
young Vanderbilt and his captain into
the water. They managed to right the
little boat and clambered aboard again,
but twice afterward she was capsized.
The pair clung to her, and at last man
aged to reach shore, greatly exhausted.
The alarm was great on shore, where
the peril of young Vanderbilt was first
seen by the soldiers at Fort Adams, and
no one believed he would come out of
the squall alive.
Mr. Vanderbilt, as well as his com
panion, was pretty nearly done for, but
the sight of help coming gave them new
life, and they made qne more effort to
get the half-rater right side up. Before
the soldiers could reach them ihey suc
ceeded in doing this, and got her into
the wind and made for Newport. Wil
liam K. Vanderbilt Jr. is an under-grad
uate at Harvard University. During the
summer, with his brother, Harold, he
has been at the Marble House, Newport.
Favorite Day at Glens Falls.
GLEN FALLS, N. V., Aug. 26.-There
were five events on the programme at *he
grand circuit races here to-day the first
successful day of the meet. The races
were started promptly at 11 o'clock, with
a good attendance and a fast track. The
favorites, all but one, succeeded in win
ning the prizes, the unfortunate one be
ing Monopole in the 2:11 pace. Results:
2:08 class pacing, purse $2000— Chehalis won
In straight heats. Time. 2:0754, 2:06%, 2:07%.
Prince Albert was second and Quadriga third.
Giles Noye» and Billy also started.
2:20 ciuas pacing-, purse $1500— Lady of the
Manor won In straight heats. Time 2 11*
2:14^. 2;15%. Flirt was second and Dan M
third. Annie Lieburn, Ed B. Young and Miss
Meander also started.
2:19 class trot, purse $1500— Gayton won first
third and fourth heatH. Time, 212W 212%
2:13»4. Ed Locke won the second heat' In 2■2 ■ 12 Vi'
Celibate wtis third. Timbrel, Little Dick Oak
lye, Improvidence, Red Ray and Parnell Jr
also started.
2:14 class trotting, purse $2000— Mattle Patter
son won In straight heats. Time, 2:l6Vi 214U
2:13* Alva S was second and Success third'
Bon Quita. Ruby anil Lady also started
2:11 class pacing, purse $1500— Endina won In
straight heats. Time. 2:lOVi, 2:0914. 2-11 Helen
Duplex was second and Old Hutch thirrl. George
St. Clair, Eylet, Simmons and Monopole also
started.
Results at Anaconda,
ANACONDA. Mont., Aug. 26.— Results:
Firnt race, selling, seven furlongs— Decapo
won, Olivia second. Tiger Cat third. Time, 1:32.
Second race, four and a half furlongs— Queen
Esther won. Senator Matts second. Beautiful
Girl third. Time, :58.
Third race, selling, seven furlonga— Moscow
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Steady Nerves
Naturally result from pure blood, and
pure blood is the inevitable result of
taking Hood's Sarsaparilla. This is
the logic of the cures of nervousness,
nervous prostration and nervous dys-
pepsia by this great medicine, and
it is in marked contrast to the oper-
ations of those opiate and nerve com-
pounds which have only temporary
effect. You have just the right medi-
cine for your nerves when you take
Hood's Sarsaparilla
America's Greatest Medicine. $1; 6 for $5.
fit OOD'S FIX.L.B are the favorite cathartic. 250
Boy won, Tom Smith second, Eroica third.
Time. 1:31%.
Fourth race, selling, one mile— Carness won,
Coda second, Rapldo third. Time. 1:44.
Fifth race, mile and an eighth, over four
hurdles— P F won. Lord Chesterfield second.
William OB third. Time, 2:05.
Sixth race, selling, five furlongs— Midas won,
Gold Bug- second, Joe Cotton third. Time,
GENERAL BLANCO'S
LATEST PROCLAMATION
Advises the Spaniards in Cuba tc
Bow to the Will of the
Victors.
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.-A special to tht
Press from Washington says: A trans
lation of General Blanco's latest procla
mation to the people of Havana has
reached Washington. It says:
"We have been vanquished, and with
out consideration of our birthplace, will
be to-morrow as strangers in this coun
try and emigrants to this portrlon of the
world, which is to-day, and perhaps for
but a few weeks more, a part of our
Spanish fatherland. As strangers and
the vanquished, I counsel you, the peo
ple of Cuba, who deeply feel the dis
grace of their country, not to dispute any
of the benefits which the triumph gives
to the victors.
"It is our obligation now t© be quiet,
not to take part in the different mani
festations of a local political nature, and
even to decline participation in such af
fairs, even if the right of franchise be
offered us. But we have one duty which
should be a duty of love; that Is to un
tertake the task of reconstructing all
your interests, and it is your duty also
to ask for, even appeal if it becomes
necessary, from your position as the van
quished to the victorious, for a guaran
tee of your personal safety and the pro
tection of your proper interests.
"If you do as I counsel you, the United
States will take care of your lives and
your interests. My mission here soon will
be finished, as will be the sovereignty of
Spain, and any one who feels that with
honor to himself he may continue to call
himself a Spaniard, will have to matri
culate his name at the Spanish Consu
late which will be established in this
city.
"I believe that I have done all that I
could have done for her Majesty's loyal
subjects. It was duty to make war
against the Insurgents, who have never
been grateful to Spain for her efforts in
their behalf. I am convinced that there
will bf» no further disputes between the
Cubans and the Spaniards in the island,
for it is my belief that as soon as the
Cubans begin to govern here they will
find out how useful are the Spaniards
to them, and finally will concede to them
the place they deserve in the government
of the island. Your companion,
"RAMON BLANCO."
DISMOUNTED TROOPERS
FIGHT WITH NATIVES
Private George F. Hurson of Utah
Killed in an Encounter in the
Streets of Cavite.
MANILA, Aug. 26.— 0n Wednesday a
corporal and two troops of Battery B of
the Utah Artillery, after disembarking at
Cavlte, were sent on an errand. Whhe
passing through the streets Trooper Hur
son discharged his revolver, doing so In
mere fun, but the natives In the immedi
ate locality were much alarmed for the
time. The natives immediately began
firing Dismounted cavalry were sent to
quell the disturbance, but the natives mis
i understood the movement, and the firing
became general. Trooper Hurson was
killed and Corporal Anderson mortally
wounded. Troopers Laydon. Nachbar,
Connelly and Doyle of the Fourth Cavalry
were wounded. Four natives were killed
and several wounded.
General Aguinaldo has expressed his re
gret at this encounter, and promises to
punish the offenders. No further trouble
BSAX£t8 SA X £t C LAKE, Lftah, Aug. 2C.— The kill-
Ing of a Utah soldier and the wounding of
another at Cavite. as announced to-day,
created much interest here. Both men
were members of Battery B. under com
mand of Captain F. A. Grant. The man
who was killed was George H. Hurson.
He enlisted at Merour on May 5. His home
was originally at Baker City, Or., where
his father, Dr. Hurson, now resides.
GARCIA COMMUNICATES
WITH GENERAL LAWTON
Says That the Cuban Provisional
Government Is on Its Way
to Bayamo
SANTIAGO, Aug. 28.— Major General
Lawton, commanding the Department of
Santiago, received a communication from
General Garcia this morning 1 to the effect
that the Cuban provisional government
Is on its way to Bayamo. General Garcia
is at Gibara with about 1500 troops.
HARBOR CONTRACT SIGNED.
And Now Work Should Commence at
San Pedro.
"WASHINGTON, Aug. 26.— The contract
ors for the San Pedro, Cal., harbor, im
provement have signed the contract with
the War Department and executed a
bond for $300,000 for faithful fulfillment of
the same.
Sale of the Holliday Estate.
GRIDLEY, Aug. 26.— The 456.12 acres be
longing to the Holliday estate, lying three
and a half miles south of Gridley, were
sold on Thursday by R. C. Long, attorney
for the estate, to W. D. Barker and W. L.
Harkey for $13,683 60. It is the largest
land deal made here for several years.
The heirs of the estate are all Residents
of the Eastern States. The late owner,
Trotter Holliday, died several years ago.
Social Democrats Incorporate.
SPRINGFIELD, Aug. 26.— The Secretary
of State to-day licensed a new political
body to incorporate, the Social Democra
tic Association. Eugene V. Debs. Victor
Berger and Seymour Steadman are incor
porators.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Plain Prices
for Plain People.
A MODEL ORDER
for Plain People at Plain Prices.
COMPARE with what you are paying.
We offer to ship during September all
or part of this order at prices below:
17 lbs. Granulated Sugar, fine white $100
10 lbs. Jacob Dold Pure Lard *.>c
12 lbs. Eastern Boneless Bacon 1 08 i
5 lbs. Real Java Roast, broken 90c |
2 lbs. Best Table Rice lac
6 lbs. Raisins choice 15c
6 lbs. Washing Starch go
10 lbs. Rolled Oats. No. 1 25c
10 lbs. Pink Beans, No. 1 2->o
6 lbs. Sago or Pearl Tapioca 20c
2 lbs. Lentils No. 1 10c
5 lbs. Rice Pop Corn 15c
1 lb Tea black, (jreen or unoolored 40c
3-lb. bag Table Rait. fine, white, dry 2c
1-lb. tin High Grade Black Pepj>er 12c
1 lb. Schepp's Pure Cocoanut loc
H-lb. bottle Flavoring Extract 30c
1 lb. Pure Baking Powder 20c
1 lb. Corn Starch 5c
X sack Guaranteed Flour 90c
1 box White Macaroni Me
2 Jars Pure Strawberry Jam 30c
2000 Block Matches 5c
12 bars Toilet 6oap 35c
20-bar box Chemical Olive Soap, 8 oz 40c
1 tin Lye 3c
1 box Blxby Stove and Shoe Blacking 6c
1 boa Best Wash Blue 10c
12 Candles 10c
TOTAL. COST |8 79
All the above packed and shipped,
free on board and guaranteed to give
satisfaction.
Clip this out, or copy it and send cash
with order.
YOU ARE PAYING MORE
for no finer goods at Credit Stores.
Every Day Is Bargain Day Here-SMITHS?™//™*
CROWDS CHEER
ADMIRAL SCHLEY
One Naval Hero Receives
an Ovation.
ENTHUSIASM AT WASHINGTON
UPON ARRIVAL THE OFFICEB
CONFERS WITH McKINLEY.
; Describes the Great Battle of July 3,
and Discusses the Work of the
Porto Rican Peace Com
mission.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WASHINGTON, Aug. 26.— Rear Ad
miral Winfield S. Schley reached Wash
| ington this afternoon over the Pennsyl
! vania railroad. He was quickly noticed
' at almost all of the stations along the
| line, and throughout the trip was
] greeted with cheering crowds. "When
the train pulled into the depot here he
found a compact mass of spectators,
which filled the depot and overflowed
out into the train shed. The admiral
and Mrs. Schley, when they appeared,
were greeted with cheers and shouts of
I "Hurrah for Schley."
Everybody Joined in the shouting,
and the depot attaches crowded about
the admiral and insisted on a hand
shake. At the gates the crowd in
creased, and, amid deafening cheers,
the admiral and his wife, the former
with his hat off, passed through two
solid lines of people. A lieutenant and
squad of police with difficulty cleared
a passage way to the carriage whi_sh
was in waiting. Through a mass of
vehicles that had been drawn up by
curious drivers the hansom pulled into
Pennsylvania avenue and proceeded di
rectly to the Shoreham Hotel. There
were groups of cheerers all the way,
and a cavalcade of enthusiasts formed
a voluntary escort.
The admiral stayed only a few min
utes at the hotel and then drove over
to the Navy Department, where, with
out any preliminaries, he reported di
rectly to Acting Secretary Allen. The
latter accompanied him over to the
White House, reaching there at 4:50
o'clock.
The President gave him a most cor
dial reception. The President thanked
the admiral, as he had Admiral Samp
son, for the success of that memorable
engagement of July 3, and took occa
sion to say that it was that battle
which brought about the surrender of
Santiago. The President thanked him
on behalf of himself and the nation for
his brilliant services on that day, and
asked him to describe the battle, which
the admiral did at length.
The President entered into a
discussion of the -work of the Porto
Rican commission, to which the ad
miral had been appointed. He went
over with him the general instructions
which will guide that body in arrang
ing for the evacuation by the Spanish
of the Island and other work. Dur
ing most of the conference, which oc
cupied about an hour. Assistant Secre
tary of State Moore was present.
On leaving the President Admiral
Schley drove to the hotel.
Many of the friends of Admiral and
Mrs. Schley learned of their presence
at the hotel and called during the even
ing. Although considerably better, he
is not well, and said to-night he ex
pected to leave here to-morrow to
visit relatives in Maryland, which
probably will consume several days,
after which he will go to Connecticut
to remain until about to start for
Porto Rico.
The admiral during the evening
talked briefly of some of the incidents
of the fight which led to the destruc
tion of Cervera's squadron. He said:
"It is my opinion that the Spanish
admiral might have escaped with pos
sibly one or two of his ships had he
adopted different tactics in coming out
of the harbor. Had he diverted the
course of his ships, sending some of
them east and others to the west, it is
my belief that he might have escaped
with one, or possibly tw r o of the ves
sels. Such a course naturally would
have compelled us to separate our fleet,
and some of Cervera's ships might
have been able to have reached
Havana." ________________
GUIDELESS PACEB FALLS.
Famous Mare Marion Mills Give*
Her Last Exhibition.
COURTLAND, N. V., Aug. 26.— Marian
Mills, the celebrated guideless pacing
mare, stumbled and fell on the track of
the Courtand Racing Association here to
day and Is believed to have concussion
of the brain. She was unable to move
after falling, and it is believed she will
not recover. Ten thousand people wer«
present to see her exhibition.
$1.00 BUYS NOW
of Plain Goods for Plain People elthe?
of the following:
50 lbs fine Family Flour and 8 oz. pure
Baking Powder with it free $1 00
15Vi lbs. Fancy Japan Rice 1 00
5H lbs. Real Java Coffee, roast, broken 1 00
100 lbs. Hal-Soda, washing 1 00
40 lbs. Fine Laundry Starch l 00
40 Ibs. Pink Beans, No. 1 l 00
5 lbs. Folder's Baking Powder, best and
pure 1 00
14 lhs. New Walnuts, fine, large l no
10 lbs. pure Lard and 5 pkgs. Baking Soda. 1 'X)
33 ibs. Best Rice Pop Corn 100
40 lbs. Good Rolled Oats 100
50 lbs. Fine Cornmeal 1 00
35 lbs. Good Raisins 1 00
3 lbs. any of our -35-cent Teas 1 00
7 cans A No. 1 2-lb. Oysters 1 **
1 California Cream Cheese. Y. A 1 w
1 box extra Sodas, V* case, and 1 lb. fancy
cakes 100
3-Ib. tin Fancy French Candy!..!.!. 1 °°
FLOUR LOWER.
Sack. Bbl.
Advent, whole wheat $1 '- 1 "' *♦ 15
Benton, fine, Oregon 98 3 75
Choic-e Family, guaranteed ?0 3 60
Drifted Snow 105 4 15
Golden Gate Family I OS 4 15
Graham Flour 1 05 4 10
Horace Davis Roller 1 20 4 65
Port Costa 105 4 15
S. C. S. Improved 103 4 15
Sperry Flour 1 OS 4 15
Tomatoes, gallons, 8. C. S None.
Tomatoes. 2Vi-lb. Solid, S. C. S., dos $1 «
Semola (mush), package ** c
Raisins.
Choice Muscatel, black, clean, stemless,
17 lbs BOc
Tobacco, Star, box lots, lb 47c
Feeds and Grain lower. Ask for prices.GENERAL GREENE IN
FAVOR OF EXPANSION
Expressed His Views in an Indirect Fashion on
Board the China in a Fourth of July
Address to His Command.
NEW YORK. Aug. 26.— A Denver special to the Herald says:
Brigadier General Greene Is on record for holding the Philippines. A
letter received here this evening gives a verbatim report of his speech.
It was on the occasion of the Fourth of July exercises that soldiers
aboard the China -were given lirst opportunity of hearing the voice
of their brigade commander, General Francis V. Greene, who ad
dressed them from the rail of the promenade deck. He was cheered
to the echo as he stepped up snd greeted the assembly as "Fellow
soldiers ajid comrades." He said in part:
"When Thomas Jefferson wrote the immortal words which you
have just heard read, he little dreamed that 122 years later they
would be read in the middle of the Pacific to an expedition of Ameri
can soldiers bound to the conquest of a group of islands off the coast
China. Yet the vigor with which Jefferson acted in acquiring
Louisiana proves that were he alive to-day he would be the first to
seize the opportunities which Admiral Dewey's glorious victory in
Manila Bay have placed within our grasp. In Jefferson's mind there
■would be no hesitation as to our duty to hold the Philippines and
accept the destiny which has been suddenly thrust upon us."
SCRAMBLE FOR
OFFICE IN THE
SILVER STATE
Candidates as Thick
as Flies.
SILVER PARTY IS DOMINANT
"'NOMINATION EQUIVALENT TO
ELECTION.
Governor Sadler Hopes to Succeed
' : Himself, but His Opponents
Are Saying Many Mean
• .- Things of Him.
' : ; Special Dispatch to The Call.
;• REN'O, Nev., Aug. 26.— The political
• •.pot in Nevada has commenced to warm
Up. Even now, with but one primary
'election held (thafc of the Silver party)
••' the political temperature in the shade
'". h:akes that of the arid, sun-scorched
..'Nevada desert seem like a cool summer
Presort. The Silver party in this State
• feels so strong that, in the assumed ab
! -sprice of a real contest with any other
'.political party, they think they >. m af
:. "ford to have a red-hot fight among
■ themselves. The production of silver is
looked upon as a home industry, and I
; .Yhe party feeis no doubt about making I
.the peopl- believe that "the free and \
. .unlimited," etc., is still a live issue, '■
. that its adoption would prove a god- !
send, to the State, and, therefore, it does j
■ net anticipate any trouble In electing
■ all of its candidates.
. . It has not occurred to the leaders as I
•■•yet that "they cannot fool all the peo- :
■• pie ail the time." or that it might be far
cheaper to the country at large to make |
the silver-producing Slates a present to j
.the value of all the silver they might
• produce to the end of time and keep a
good currency, than to adopt their
harum-scarum plan in order to give
. their home product a value which does i
■ not belong to it.
With unshaken confidence in its abil
• ity to elect whomsoever it nominates
' the silver party convention will assem- i
ble here on September 8, with three
active, hopeful candidates for guber- :
■ natoriai honors and almost ax; equal '
numfcer of prospective candidates for
• each of the oilier places to be rilled. Up
to. about three weeks ago It was '
•' thought that Governor Sadler would
• have little or no opposition, but as the
•..primaries came on and the talk about
.•.his favors to prize-fighters and lack of
Interest in and support for the State
University and other State institutions '
crystallised, and since his best friends
" could not deny that he proposed to
keep Bergstein at the asylum and sup
;'port Jones against Fitzgerald for the
"Judgeship, a very definite opposition
\ made its appearance, with the result,
as indicated by the returns, that he was
. "turned down" in Washoe County to
" the tune of about 19 to 1, in Ormsby 10
. to I—short,1 — short, that in all probability he
will not h%ve a single solid delegation,
. not even Eureka, where he claims resi
.dence, and that he will fall far short
lor the required plurality in the coir. |
tion. The Governor came down from
. .Carson apparently to see what had
struck him. He found plenty of fences
. .to mend, but took an optimistic view
.of the situation and hoped for better
• luck at the convention. He is said to
'. have asked '"what the strained rela
".tions between Germany and America
had to do with politics in Nevada?"
• without having received a satisfactory
/ reply. .
'•; • The anti-Sadler delegates seem to
"- be divided in their choice of the best :
mar. to beat him with between Evan i
. Williams, Lem Allen and A. C. Cleve
land. The mere mention of Evan Wll
•\ Hams' name has brought to the front
: so many vivid recollections of him
:. and "his little buckboard" in the Hale
•'& - .Norcross case, and his connection
' .-•with the Carson mint scandal in 1894,
. -.all of which so far redound to every - j
.-.thing except glory or honor to him,
that his friends have found themselves
.unable to stay by their guns or to draw
the main opposition to Sadler their !
■ way.
. A. C. Cleveland, the alleged Silver
• Republican, once infa^ou3 for his bolt
out of the National Republican Con- !
■ vention in St. Louis in 1596. has many
. friends among the delegates, but it
.seems to be an open r-uectlon whether
• the majority wish to make him a can- i
;• didate against Sadler for Governor, or i
• against Stewart for United States Sen- '
ator. Many think that he is the only
• man who would have any chance j
against Stewart, since Newlands has
•decided not to make the contest and
that he should be supported for that
. place in order to keep Stewart on the ,
anxious seat and in a generous mood i
Lem Allen will find strong support in |
the convention, Washoe County stand- !
ing almost as a unit for him. About the i
worst that has been said against him i
is that he has not had the benefit of !
anything extra in the way of education.
•and does not understand all the advan
tages that should be offered to the
youth of to-day at the State Univer
sity.
■ •It was hoped by many that Francis
G. Newlands would put up a fight I
against Stewart for the United States
Senatorship, but it peems definitely
settled that he prefers the sure thing
of a seat in the House, to a contest for j
. the hitrher honor.
There are so many "bees in so many
bonnets" for the other places on the
ticket that prabable candidates cannot
be guessed at.
The Silver, Democratic and Populist
conventions all come Inside the same
| -week— September 7, 8 and 10 — presum
j ably in the interest of general harmony
and convenience in arranging matters
between the three.
WANTED FOR KIDNAPING.
Mrs. Catherine Green Accused of
Having Evil Designs Upon
Her Half-Sister.
Mrs. Adelaide Mondini. 535 Vallejo
Btreet, swore to a complaint in Judge
Joachimsen's court yesterday for the ar
rest of Mrs. Catherine Green on the
charge of kidnaping. The grandchild of
the complaining witness, who bears the
same name and is nine years of age, is
the person alllegedf to have been kid
r.apeS. She was aent by nor' grand
mother Wednesday afternoon to a fruit
store and did not return. It was asoer
! tamed that the little girl was met by Mrs.
I Green, who is her half-sister, and they
I went away together. Mrs. Green is, ac
<! cording to Secretary TVadham of the
■ Eureka Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Children, who has charge of the
case, v procuress for a disreputable house
in Victoria. B. C, and was arrested some
time ago for abducting a 15-year-old girl.
VARIED PROGRAMME
AT THE IRISH FAIR
ENTERTAINMENT BY OLYMPIC
CLUB MEMBERS.
Mrs. Honn's Dancing Class Appears
in Numerous Dances — Volun
teer Night This livening.
The programme at the Irish Fair last
evening was a long one. full of pleasing
variety, and the immense crowd was well
entertained. In the opening march Mrs.
iF. E. Dunne represented the Maid of
j Erin, Robert Emmet Lynch personated
I Uncle Sam, Benjamin L. McKinley car
ried the American flag and Daniel C. B.
j McCarthy waved that of Ireland. The
I entertainment under the auspices of the
i Olympic C!^b. given on the central sta«e
' of the Pavilion, proved of more than or
dinary interest. Cotton. Aloll and Eiiard
performed _»n the triple horizontal baru,
Charles Sternberg did some fine club
swinging, Olsen and McPaerson executed
a double trapeze act, T. Walsh eoiuor
uor.ized, L*ndro brothers did some re
markable acrobatic feats. Spiro and
Noetting and Cornell and Hildebrandt
wrestled. Manning anu McCarthy and
I Leonard and Dennis had ? s^t-to with the
I gloves, and Pray and Clark had a boul in
a blackened glove contest.
Mrs. L. Horn's dancing class appeared in
the following- programme: Fairy dance, class;
Highland fling, Alice Curran, Hlldred Putnam;
skirt dance, Vera Edmanson; Japanese dance.
Ken a Whelan; .La Calverette, Louise Pen-in;
eons and dance. Marguerite and Edna Honn;
fan dance. Lillian Cross; minuet, class; Hun
garian dance. Arthur Gould and Edna Honn;
song and dance, Harry Lansneld; Lole skirt
dance, Mercella Casey; hornpipe, class; tam
bourine dance, Aubrey Cooper and - Mlrt
Shaughneasey; skirt dance, Hlldred Putnam:
Irish Jig, Arthur Gould; coconlenne. Mar
guerite Honn; specialty, Edna Honn; London
hornpipe, Arthur Gould, Milton and Charles
Schrlcb and Harry Lanxneld; skirt dance, Mlrt
Shaugunest-y ; Irish washerwoman, Alice Cur
ran; fairy dar.ee, Edith Lyons; tambourine
be-llet, Lena Hail, Lillian Cross. Edna and
Marguerite Honn; fancy dance. Jessie Kelley;
national songs and dances, class.
The Grocers and Commercial Iravelers
also gave a special programme, was
well received.
Among the many attractive booths, in
charge of charming ladies, one of the
most popular is Killarney Dingle, ar
ranged in rustic work representing a
beautiful nook in old Ireland. There are
two ice-cream booths located here, under
the direction of Mrs. J. S. Young, who Is
assisted by Mrs. Etta Wottenschlager,
Mrs. Maggie Webster, Mrs. A. L. McKay
and Misses Nellie McLaughlln. Belle
O'Brien, Cora Long, Ada Long, Annie
Brennan. Lena Alexander, Cora Fiske,
May Loney, May Sullivan. Isabel Gal
lagher. Eva McNcrney. May Finley. Liz
zie McDermott. Mamie Daley, - Agnes
O'Neill Annie McUeary. Rina King, Ma
bel Meade and May Flannery. •■■ • .
The Lakes of Killarney booth, where
every one who catches a fish receives a
prize. Is a very picturesque place, and af
fords no end of amusement to the many
hundreds of anglers. Mrs. P. E. Mc-
Carthy is chairman of this department,
James Dart Dooker treasurer and Miss
Ruth McCarthy secretary. The assistants
are:
The Misses Lucy Croll, F. Edith Whitefleld.
K<*» Murdoch. Eva Murphy, Marie Bearr.ar 1.
1-U-gls McCarthy, Nonie Murphy, Mattie Meyer
and Messrs. Benjamin L. McKlnley. Charles
H. Bearrluley, Harry F. Grady Robert D.
Duke. Loula Meyer. Stuart Murdoch, Alfred
Muscante. John Jardlne. Milton Bearnard. Dan
iel C. McCarthy.
Another booth that elicits a great deal
of admiration by reason of the beauty
and naturalness of its arrangement is the
I.osTofllce In Sweet Adare eleven miles
from Limerick. Mrs. E. C. \\ eatherly.
who designed this booth, is in charge of
the postofflce, and makes a charming
postmistress. The males at this office dur
ing the fair are unusually numerous.
The Irish fairy grotto, a work of original
and artistic design, Is under the direction
of a very fascinating lady, Mr<=. Ben
Rudy, who is assisted by fourteen pretty
young ladles, arrayed In handsome cos
tumes. The fairy dance by a number of
little girls in costume is a beautiful fea-
This evening is volunteer night. A bat
talion of the* Eighth California will be
present. All soldiers in uniform will be
admitted free.
JOHN D. STEPHENS DEAD.
The Woodland Banker Pasces Away
Early This Morning.
John D. Stephens, president of the Bank
of Woodland and owner of the Highland
Springs Hotel, died early this morning
at the Southern Hotel, 407 Mason street.
Heart failure was the cause of death.
The deceased was 74 years of age. He was
a widower and oniy on? daughter, Mrs.
Jo^eDh Craig, survives him. The deceased
nnd been ailing for some weeks and he
eaxna to San Francisco from his home In
Woodland about three weeks ago to be
near his physician. Dr. Plummer.
—» m ■
Sacred Heart Entertainment.
The entertainment for the benefit of the
new Sacred Heart Church to be held next
Tuesday evening at Metropolitan Hall
promises -to be a very enjoyable affair.
A programme of ■ unusual excellence has
been prepared, which includes not only
the best local amateur, talent, but also
some professionals : from . the Orpheum
and Tivoli. The entertainment will be
under the auspices of the young ladies'
society of the parish. -
r, .. -: •■.—'" ■♦ « ■'-,'- :'■'■'*■' -■■'
':■}■. Next Sunday's Call has the • story
of Irishmen in high positions. • ; , '.'•
THE SAN FE AK CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 27, I£>9B.
NAVAL RESERVE
MEN INDIGNANT
Will Be Mustered Out of
the Navy To-Day.
EXPECTED TO SERVE A YEAR
CHICAGO CONTINGENT WILL BE
SENT _lOME.
Many of the Men Went Into Debt in
Order to Purchase Outfits and
Have Only Served Two
Months.
The United States steamers Iroquois, i
Vigilart and Active will be manned to- I
day by officers and enlisted men from the i
navy, and the naval reserve boys
who wanted to seek fame at the •
cannon's mouth will return to pri- i
vate life. Lieutenant Turner of the j
Iroquois will resume command of the na
val battalion, while Lieutenants Shaw
and Gunn of the Active and Vigilant wiil
take up their uid duties on the naval re
serve steamer Marion.
The members of the Chicago Naval Re
serve, who came as far as Mare Island
on their way to join Admiral Dewey's
fleet in front of Manila, are to be bun
ii!eu into cars and sent homo. On their
arriv.il there they will be mustered out
of the service.
There is a vigorous protest from the boys !
who are to be mustered out. Some of th.c
officers are glad of it, but the great ma
jority are angry clean through, and with
;ause. Very few have good places await- I
ing them and are actually out of pocket j
by remaining in Uncle Sam's service. The j
majority are in debt, and will have to |
hunt a job as soon as the naval reserve j
Is mustered out of service.
"The facts of the case are just these."
■aid one of the men yesterday. "When i
Uncle Sam Issued a call for men. with a •
great many others I hastened to offer my i
services. We enl!sj<3l with the expecta- !
tions of having to serve at least a year, J
and all of us purchased a full outrit.
Borne of us borrowed the money with
Which to pay for our things, and others j
went into debt to the Government for :
theirs. Well, here we are mustered out
after two months of service, without a !
job and our outfits on our hands. Of j
course, the men who got their things i
from Uncle Sam will simply walk out and j
leave them behind them, but we who paid
for our things can keep them as a me
mento of our naval duty in the service
of the United States. The least the Gov
ernment might have done was to keep us
with the purchased sieamers until our
term of service was up. "
The men on the Iroquois. Vigilant and
Active are making Rome howl, but their
noise is nothing compared with the out
cry from the Chicago contingent. The
men on the dispatch boats nave seen
some service. The Iroquois has been on
a cruise down the coast in search of a
derelict, the Active is now on Puget
Sound and the Vigilant has done duty be
tween here and the navy yard, but the
Chicago boys have done nothing but eat
their heart's out aboard the receiving
ship Independence. They have not even
been given a chance to see San Fran
cisco, and their wrath knows no bounds.
It is their intention as soon as they reach
Chicago to lay the matter before their
Cnnsrrt-ssmen and have them enter j. vig
orous protest with the Government. Th»y
have not been given a chance to see any
thing of the war, not even the departure
of the troopships. Fifteen dollars a
month Is a poor salve to their wounded
dignity. T.ie war has just begun anil the
firrt gun will be fired to-day when re
f.-rve men are replaced by enlisted men
and the Chicago boys start for home.
STANFORD'S NIECES
AND NEPHEWS WIN
SUPREME COURT PASSES ON
TAXING INHERITANCES.
The Same Opinion Includes the Uni
versity — A Saving of Money to
the Philanthropist's Estace.
The Supreme Court has reversed tlie
j decision and judgment of the Superior
j Court of this city in the matter of im
1 posing an Inheritance tax on the neph
ews and nieces of the late Leland Stan
j ford, as well as upon the property of the
i Stanford University. Among the be
j quests in the will of Senator S'anford was
J that of the university, valued at $2,500,000.
j He a.so bequeathed to his nephews and
I nieces various sums amounting to $2,200,-
I 000. The Superior Court, under the act of
j the Legislature of 1533, directed the execu
j trix of the estate to pay into the city
| treasury the sum of $25,750 for the col
lateral inheritance tax, but the benefi
ciary relatives appealed from that order
i in 1896, and it was on this appeal that the
' Supreme Court ruled as stated. The court
■ sets forth that while the matter was
i still pending the Legislature of March °.
j 1597, passed an act exempting from the
! payment of all collater.ii inheritance
1 taxes a "niece or nephew when a resident
j of this State."
The Supreme Court, in meeting the con
j tention of the appellant relatives and the
university, holds that in accorance witn
: the provisipns of section 2 of article IV of
! the constitution of the United States,
; which declares, "The citizens of each
i State shall be entitled to all privileges
; and immunities of citizens in die several
■ States," the imposit n of the tax is mi
i valid. It says: "The charge imposed
I upon the Inheritance by the statute under
i consideration is in the nature of an ex
! cize tax, but by whatever name it is dcs
! ignaied, the power to impose the charge
■ is referable to the power of taxation, and
1 the abovo provision of the constitution
guarantees to the citizens of each State
an immunity in any other State from
! the burdens of taxation upon their per
! sons or property or occupations which
I that State does not impose upon the per
' sons or property or occupations of its own
i citizens. • • •
• • • "It must be held, therefore, that
■ It is not within the power of the State,
i while exempting its own citizens from a
] tax upon their inheritances, to impose
such tax upon the inheritances falling to
| citizens of other States.
"That the Legislature intended that
i the exemption should extend to nephews
I and nieces resident in this State is cvi
! dent from its language, and that it did
not Intend that the exemption should ex
' tend to nephewß and nieces not resident
iin this State is equally evident. But its
intention In this latter respect failed by
reason of its want of power to make such
discrimination between the two classes.
"It is not contended by the respondent
t'nat the bequest to the Leland Stanford
i University Is subject to the tax if the
provision making such exemption appli
cable to past cases is vaild. » • •
"The order is reversed and the Superior
Court is directed to make its order for the
payment of the tax in conformity with
j the opinion."
QUITCLAIMS 808 UP.
San Francisco Property Owners
Again Buying Experience.
The lawyers who seek to disquiet ti
tles to San Francisco property by rak
ing up ancient Spanish and Mexican
claims are again in evidence In this city,
as is shown by the almost dally filing
of quit-claim deeds during the past two
weeks from certain Eastern parties to
various property -owners here, giving up
all right, title and interest in whole
blocks of San Francisco real estate for
the nominal sum of $500 in each case. It
is not in evidence that the purchasers of
these quit-claims paid in every case $500
for their papers, but the lawyers' public
price is the sum quoted.
The old-time practice has been to work
upon the fears of small property-owners,
who have no means to fipht law suits,
and to tell them that the safest thing to
do, to avert all trouble in the future, is
to purchase a quit-claim from the de
scendants of the old Spanish or Mexl-.
can owners, who, by some hocus-pocus,
failed to deed their property away in a
legal manner before their deaths, so that
the families of these ancient gentlemen
still have recourse in the courts of law.
No mention of the statute of limitation
is made by the lawyers handling thes*
cases, but the nightmare of endless liti
gation is allowed to do its work on the
mind of the timid owner of the property.
For some time past this sort of prac
tice has been dropped, largely as a re
sult of the United States District Court
decision delivered by Justice Field, put
ting a quietus on these antiquated claims,
but it now seems that the memory of
the court's decision has sufficiently faded
away to allow the lawyers Interested in
this sort of business to resume opera-
tions.
On August 3 David Houston of New
York through his attorney, John K.
Moore, deeded by quit-claim to Michael
McCann a trifle of four blocks of San
Francisco real estate, Nos. 248, 251. 252
and 253. for the sum of $2000, or just JSOO
per block. Since then various quit-claims
to blocks have been given to local par
ties.
Yesterday afternoon thf latest paper of
this class was presented for record, it
was from the same David Houston of
New York, through Attorney Moore, to
Charles G. Butler, for the block bounded
by Alma, Clayton, Rivoii and Cole
streets, the usual consideration of $500
being named.
WOODMEN DELEGATES
STILL AT WORK
THEY RECOGNIZE THE WOMEN
OF WOODCRAFT.
A Mov«ment to Create an Equaliza
tion Fund — Another Head
Camp Officer Proposed
Reunion To-Day.
Luring the forenoon session of the
Head Camp of the' Woodmen of the
World, Pacific Coast jurisdiction, yester
day, there was presented a resolution to
create an additional Head Camp officer,
to be known as Head Camp editor, whose
duty it shall be to edit thy official organ.
The matter was referred to a commit
tee.
By unanimous vote it was decided, amid
great enthusiasm, to recognize the Pacific
jurisdiction of the Women of Woodcraft
as the only auxiliary of the Pacific Juris
diction of the Woodmen of the World.
The adoption was greeted with three j
cheers and a tiger.
Past Head Consul Cooper, Head Escort
Siillman, Head Physician Hughes. Head
Clerk Browning and Head Managers j
Hanley and Baird were appointed a com- j
mlttee to notify the Grand Circle of the j
action of the Head Camp. The ladies j
received the report with manifestations
of great joy. The seven delegates also
walked out of the Supreme Circle h*ld
at at. Louis and who organized the Paci- ,
fie Circle, namely, Mrs. Carrie C. Van
Ordsdall, Mrs. Helen M. Southwick, Mrs.
Anna P. Hawkins. Mrs. O. A. Grlmshaw,
Miss Inez Tillson, J. L. Wright and J.
M. Doretv, were then escorted to the
Head Camp and there they acknowledged
the honor conferred. On entering the j
camp the founders of the Women of i
Woodcraft were received with cheer aftf-r
cheer. The grand guardian. Mrs. Van
Ordsdall, delivered a brief and eloquent
speech on behalf of the circle in which
she accepted the tender of recognition.
Head Consul Falkenburg made reply in
which he depicted the future of the two
brunches of the order. At the close of
his remarks the official union was made
complete and then there was a recess and
an informal recentlon which the head
consul characterized as "a good old-fash
ioned love feast."
During the afternon the different com- j
mittires were busy discussing the several
amendments proQpsed, one of the most
important of wh!<*h was a proposition for I
the creation of an equalization fund. The !
ommlttee'.- report will be presented at
the next seHslon on Monday morning.
The Grand Circle of the Women of
Woodcraft was engaged nearly all day
in the consideration of changes in the
by-laws.
To-day all the Head Camp officers, the
delegates and the officers and delegates to
the Grand Circle will go to San Lorenzo
Grovr; where they will be the guests at
a rounkm given by the local camps and
thos~ of Oakland anil Alameda.
WHICH STATE HAS
JURISDICTION?
A Legal Opinion on Tv/o
Phases of the Botkin
Case.
A prbminent attorney expresses the fol
lowing- as his opinion on the questions of
jurisdiction and extradition in the case
of Mrs. Botkin:
"In this case, t*e it stand 6at present,
the defendant is held merely upon a pre- j
liminary accusation awaiting extradition |
papers from Delaware. What the result j
will be upon the arrival of those papers
can only do determined by an inspection
of the papers themselves.
"In this case two phases of the matter
are presented. The conflict ot jurisdiction
between the courts of this State and Dela- ;
ware involves the determination of :
two important propositions. namely;
Tht- law of the place of the commission of
the crime and th' Jurisdiction of the j
courts wherein it may be tried.
"Even with these two questions out of i
the way and settled in favor of the a.v- j
thorlties of the State of Delaware the I
Important and essential element of ex- j
tradition cannot be concluded alone from
these considerations. To determine the
question of extradition will require the
C ostructlon and interpretation of provi- ]
sions of the constitution and laws of the '
United States and the decision upon this
Question may be demanded from the Fed
eral courts if it is desired.
"If it should be concluded that the
courts of Delaware have Jurisdiction of
trial over the of&ons<- which is now
charged in the courts of that State, It
is by no means clear that the process of
interstate extradition could be accom
plished.
"As I understand it the Supreme Court
of the United States has held It neces
sary to the extradition of an accused per
son from one State to another that the
terms of the article of the Federal con
stitution from which proceeding is de
rived must be construed in its entirety
and that the essential element contained I
in 'he article of the constitution must |
exist before the extradition can be carried !
out. That is to say. a person to bo ex
tradited from one State to another must
have been in the State seeking extradi
tion and has fled from that St&to and is
a fugitive from Justice."
MAY DELAY
EXTRADITION
Delaware Officials to Collect
the Affidavits Wanted
by Lees.
DOVER. Del.. Aug. 26— The demnrifis
of the San Francisco police for additional j
affidavits will cause a further delay In
the bringing of Mrs. Botkin East. The
telegram from the Chief of Police of San
Francisco was received by Attorney Gen
eral White at his home in Georgetown
this afternoon, and he telegraphed that
he would be here to-morrow to prepare I
all of the additional material that is j
necessary to comply with the new de- ;
mands.
The requisition papers were sent away
yesterday^ by registered letter, addressed
to State Detective McVey, who will arrive
in San Francieco Sunday. The only docu- j
ments accompanying the requisition were !
the certificate of the Deputy Attorney
General and the warrant of arrest sworn
to by ex-Congressman Pennln-ton, the i
father of the two murdered women. The
only other material In the hands of McVuy
is the attested transcript of the evidence
taken before the Coroner's Jury.
This includes the testimony oi the phy
sicians who attended the women, which j
covers much of the ground specified by
the San Francisco Chief of Police. It
Will now be necessary for the Attorney •
General to collect the affidavits of Post- I
master Gooden. who received the poisoned
packet, little Harry Pennington, who took
It to the house, and the others that were !
made ill by oatlr.p the candy. These can I
all be procured in a single day. and they
will be forwarded to San Francisco not '
later than to-morrow evening.
Pope Leo Very Weak.
ROME. Aus;. 26.— The Pope fainted twice |
to-day. His feebleness is causing anxiety, j
HE DISPOSES
OF HIS DOGS
Extravagant Pastime of
E. V. Sullivan.
P. J. 6. KENNA THE BUYER
THE YOUNG COURSING PATRON
IS KISSED.
Leashmen Fear That This Will Re
sult in the Breaking Up
of the Menlo
Kennels.
Emmet V. Sullivan has sold his dogs.
The young coursing man, who has latter
ly come Into prominence as a follower of
the fleet hounds and the fast hares, has
disposed of his kennels in their entirety
to his uncle, P. J. G. Kenna. Sullivan
went into the sport of coursing with
about Uie same soeed with which he has
gone out. Peg after dog— all of fine stock
and rare breeding— was rapidly added to
his kennels, which soon won the reputa
tion, both for number and value, as the
finest on the coast. And now nothing re
mains to Sullivan but a memory of me
big iigure he cut in dogdom.
About two weeks ago Mr. Sullivan was
missed by the coursing contingent. i±e
then fell from the paths that leashmen
frequent. The cause of his absence was
not then known, and none of his oid-time
pals of the heatner hazarded a dream that
Sullivan was soon to withdraw from the
game which he had helpeu to make so
popular. The sale of nis hounds to his
uncle, P. J. G. Kenna, came as a surp.isc
to them.
Sullivan has betn an extravagant
patronizer of :he sport. New kenne.s at
the Union Park and new kennels at Memo
consumed a great deal of his spare money
and all of his time. The dogs drew heav
ily on his purse strings. At Menio Par<c
he erected the most modern improved
kennels and everything appertaining
thereto. Trainers and keepers were sup
plied and every detail received full at
tention. Judge Bell was formerly in
charge at Menlo, but since the advent or
the avuncultr power P. J. Riiey has been
made the- directing superintendent.
The dogs belonging to the bullivan Ken
nels will be run in the courses to-day
without any change. Leashmen fear that
the kennels will not be kept up by the >Ir.
Kenna who has relieved his nephew of the
expensive pastime of capturing the elus
ive hare and supporting a herd of iast
moving animals? of the caiine ordr-r.
Where Emmot V. Sullivan has gone to
none of the coursing men setm to know.
They fear that he ia out of the sport for
all time and that his dogs may not be in
dividualized as members of the great Sul
livan kennels in the future. Emmet v.
Sullivan's meteoric career as the patron
of the classic sport has ended.
ANNIVERSARY JINKS
OF LOCAL ELKS
SAN FRANCISCO LODGE ENTER
TAINS ITS FRIENDS.
Captain Smith of the City of Peking
Tells of Meeting With Dewey
at Manila.
San Francisco Lodge No. 3. Benevolent
Protective Order of Elks, after the close
of Its business meeting in Elks' Hall, held
a jinks In celebration of its anniversary.
There were present many of the members
and after the doors were thrown open
many not members of the order, who
were present by special invitation, were
admitted.
During the business session Captain
Smith of the City of Peking, a member cf
the order, was in attendance, r.nd In re
sponse to a call addressed the meeting,
telling of his meeting with Rear Admiral
Dewey, the hero of Manila Bay. He said
that there never was a man on ship or
fhore who had so much endeared himself
to the people as Dewey, and every one in
Manila and vicinity has the highest ad
miration for him. He told a number of
Interesting stories about the progress of
the war, and added the information that
the rear admiral said that he is anxious
to return to the United States, having ac
complished what he was sent to do.
"He will," said Captain Smith, "no
doubt return with me when I come here
again from Manila, for he, as I am my
self, is of the opinion that there Is no
ship afloat like the City of Peking. If,
hoivjver, he should make up his mind
to return before I am ready to leave for
this port again, you will before long have
a chance to see him in San Francisco."
John Coffey was made chairman of the
jinks and presided until 11 o'clock, when
he was succeeded by Lew Morrison of the
Alcazar. Dr. H. G. Sieberst opened the
evening's entertainment with imitations of
musical instruments with a tin whistle;
Louis Butler gave four different ways of
reciting "A Little Peach Grew in the
Orchard"; J. Eagan of San Diego enter
tained with ventriloquism, and A. Hamp
hill told funny- stories, after which Col
onel Howell, past exalted ruler, or. be
half of the lodge, said many compliment
ary words concerning the work done in
the past by James P. Dunne, and then
presented him a fine gold watch chain
and emblem of the order, in gratification
of his recovery' from a recent severe at
tack of illness.
This wae followed by the exhibition of
stereopttcon views, Including those of the
heroes of the war with Spain. They were
loudly a.pplauded, but nooe so much so as
that of Dewey.
Aftor Chairman Morrison took the chair
there were presented many numbers by
talent from the local theaters, and for
more than two hours there was interest
ing and entertaining amusement for all.
During the evening a collation and re
freshments were served.
NEGLECTED HIS FAMILY.
Julius Noisat Gets Six Months for
Failure to Provide.
Julius Noisat, a big, burly blacksmith,
was sent to the County Jail for six
months yesterday on the charge of fail
ure to provide for his children.
Evidence was given showing that Noi
sat had not been providing for his fam
ily for two or three years, and his chil
dren had to go around to restaurants
in the neighborhood of Broadway, where
they lived, with baskets and beg for
food. Mrs. Noisat and one of her boys
could not be brought to court to testify,
as they were in rags. Noisat had been
living with a woman named Mrs. Mary
Smith at 301 Montgomery avenue while
his wife and children were starving.
Judge Conlan in sentencing the defend
ant said it was one of the worst cases
that had come before him. He regretted
that the law did not allow him to send
Noisat to San Quentln.
CLEVEB, BOXEBS MATCHED.
Green v, and McConnell Will Fight
Twenty Rounds on September 23. }
Manager .Groom of the National Club
has been. fortunate In effecting a twenty
round 'match^between - two clever .expo
nents of the game." ; George Green; now a
light-middle I weight, § and ■ Frank { McCon
nell of f the San Francisco Athletic ; Club
signed a , document yesterday to ;do : bat
tle In Woodward's Pavilion on the even
ing of '-. September 23. r , Green must? weigh
in at 3 o'clock on the day of the contest
at * 152 ,' pounds or forfeit 75 per cent of . the
' fighter's * end tof ,1 the : purse. The 7 pugilists
have agreed j to l»lt with one arm free | and
this would mean- that Green had .the beat
of one good I point In the game. O'Connell.
notwithstanding x:» his ' defeat •'■'■ by ". Tom
Tracey , will is have sa v large a following lof
sports; who will back him to wjn. Green,
who •13 sow In fine condition, is sancuina
that he will put up the best argument of
his life when he faces McConnell. The
contest should be one of the most inter
esting fistic features withnessed in this
city for many moons.
Jack Abbott, who recently arrived from
Canada, is said to have been matched to
fight the well-known "Spider" Kelly and
they will be ready to accept the 'oest
offer made by any of the local clubs. If
the boxers cannot secure an audience
from some of the boxing club managers,
they will journey to some lonely place in
the suburbs of the city and fight it out
by the light of the silvery moon. Abbott
is matched to fight Owen Zc-iprler in New
York some time in October. The Hartford
Club will give a boxing entertainment at
13 Hartford street on Monday evening.
The event of the evening will lie an eight
round bout between Joe Kane and M. Mc-
Cormick.
ADDITIONAL STREET LIGHTS.
Under the new schedule for the lighting
of the public *reets with the San Fran
cisco Gaf and Electric Company all of the
principal business streets of the down
town portion of the city will have elec
tric lights substituted for the sickly
flicker that now blurrs and blinks with
every passing breeze.
The following are the thoroughfares
upon which the electric lights will be
placed, as also the number of lights to be
placed on each street or avenue desig
nated:
On Market street from the ferries to Valencia
street will a«sresate flfty In number and
twenty-two on Van Ness avenue, from Market
street to Broadway, to be located alternately
on each side of said street and avenue, on <t
namental Iron poles not exceeding twenty-five
feet in height.
Golden Gate avenue from Market to Devisa
dero street; Folsum street, from Thini to
Twenty-sixth street: Kt-arny and Montgomery
streets, from Market to Broadway; Grant, ave
nue, from Market to Bush; and Dupont. from
Broadway to Greenwich street: Stockton
street, from Market to Suiter street, and from
Pacific to Union street: Montgomery avenue,
from Pacific to Chestnut street: Third and
Fourth streets, from Market to Townaend;
Fifth street, from Market to Bryant street;
and on Sixth street, from Market to Brannan
street.
The lights on these streets are to be
2000-candle power, either suspended from
cross wires over the streets or on masts
forty feet hish.
The Supervisors hold the power to or
der lights on outside streets wherever
deemed necessary. This will no doubt
apply to Ingleside. Sunnyside. Sunset
Valley, Richmond and other outlying sec
tions from which requests have come for
additional light 6. Polk street residents
will be honored by having the first lights
placed over their thoroughfare, as they
were the pioneers in starting' the "mid
dle-of-the-street" electric lights.
The Way of the Transgressor.
Three convicts were sentenced to pri=nn
by Judge Wallace yesterday. Joseph
O'Brien a burglar, who was arrested for
breaking into the place of John T. Powers,
327 Kearny street, was sentenced to five
v^ars' imprisonment in Folsom. Freder
ick Simmons was sent to the same prison
for a term ot five years for burglary.
Mnrtin Gates, a petty larceny th'ef. was
sent to the County Jail for six months.
ADVERTISEMENTS. \ ___
•o ".
i To-day's story told |
i in goods and prices 1
I emphasizes the fact that when anything in ;!
£ * men's clothing or furnishings is wanted you I
I must come to us for the best at the lowest I
S' prices. A return of money made for any- I
I thing not perfectly satisfactory. ..,. "I
S3 The two popular bargains of last week, will S
88 hold good for this week. |
1 $9.95 Suit. $2.45 Trousers. !
*5 In cassi meres, worsteds or chevi- A grand offer in a carefully se- g
*55 0 ts— in every popular shade. Suits lected lot of $4.00 and $5.00 trou- £
? that you really will not be ashamed sers that are right up to date, g
2 to wear, even though they do cost . Handsome new striped worsteds in j.
«! so little. Guaranteed to fit and to new patterns. Another fit guaran- $
iS be of the very latest style. . \ teed here, also. s
i Bats, Shirts, Neckties, Suspenders \
58 l/^^X Our furnishing goods manager has *
S- I \ been clamoring for a chance to talk of a
» ranrm^^ his department, and now that his chance &
•85• 85 ':^swPffi|sipFj)' -i come he presents the Mowing ex- i
gj V-^^^^^.^y ceedingly attractive values for your *
| .• - consideration: I
** £7fM^ 5 ■ Special sale of $2.00 Fedora A^£^^\ 8
S3 (\ \ yltmftT'* nats - made of best felt, in brown II vJ^'T' } *
« \J(yMm: and black, best binding, silk lined, I A jfif I I *
a VlH^V^^^ best trimmings. : Qr ft li( VV V ) *
** **^&&'J< z?Jr ■':' ■'■".' Sale rice Hub \ 1 [I ■£
| fe*i^ — • *^k^^i s
88 $1.00 shirts — genuine percales— Pure silk string ties, regular jrt^
colored bosoms — bodies, with . values at 25c, now offered at |Uu %
88 separate cuffs— sizes 14 to QC p ,50-cent suspenders, leather ftr. %
:: «16^—- a great bargain at. . .03 (j ends, at the reduced price of ZuU *
SS ; Colored balbriggan and lisle-thread hose, regularly sold for 50c. . g)
88 ' A great selection in plaids, stripes, polka dots and every OF^ 2.
&1; ■; fancy. 1 Reduced from regular price to. just half . . . . . . . ZuU l :": 8
'25 :■'. .. . •: - -:-...v- ;■•/-;■-.-. . . ■■' ■■■-■ •■- '■ -v \r-^ - • "- '• -, g
.«r,. --';;■'•'/' " -■-.•.-.■-■ :-;.,;.. .-.- ■ -:/. : .■../■■:■ : ■;»
I S. N. WOOD & CO .!
1V;,;:1 V ;,;:" ■ 718 Market St., •S.;: F. :;;'•: ;;'• , -, : ■
.552222 &.!2'S2 &228 IB ffl slb" BB B "S B BB B SS^a
JIMMY MICHAEL MAY
RACE ON THIS COAST
MIDGET CYCLING CHAMPION
ANNOUNCED AS COMING.
Will Form One of a Party of Fifty
Men Who Will Ride in Me
chanics' Pavilion.
The indoor cycling tournament which
was hinted at in the cycling columns of
this paper some ti..' o months since Is at
length to become a reality. The first two
weeks in November have been selected
as the time for holding the tournament,
an : Mechanic - Pavilion the place. The
eight-lap board track which was used
during the indoor meet of 18% will be
slightly remodeled and again placed in
position.
The preserc- of the best of Eastern
talent is assured, as the American Racing
and Cycling Association, under whose
management the tournament will be held,
possesses cast-iron contracts -with Jimmy
Michael, •'Major" Taylor, Eddie McDuf
fee. Tom Linton. Ed Taylore, Charles
Church. Frank oiarbuck. 1\ J. Titus and
other riders, aggregating nearly fifty in
number. Jay Eaton will also be among
the talent. His riding while in this city
last year made him a favorite. Theso
men will be acompanied by their own
trainers ana will come West in special
cars.
The men while here will be under the
direct managemtnt of Samuel T. Mott,
though Aif Ellinghouse. the theatrical
manager, will have charge of the tourna-
A question of jurisdiction is likely to
arise when it comes to arranging for
amateur races to be run in conjunction
with the professional races, as proposed.
The Easterners are all under contract to
the management and care naugh: for
League of American Wheelmen or other
controi. Whether or not the California
Associated Cycling Club officials will
agree to allow their amateur? to race at
the pavilion Is a matter to be settled at
the next meeting of the association. No
great trouble is anticipated, howev?r. us
San Francisco H .as for so long suffered
from a dearth of cycle racing that it is
more than likely that reasonable con
cessions will be made in this case.
The season of short and middle dis
tance racing wil be concluded by a six
day race, in which Rice and Miller, tha
Eastern long distance champions, will
take part.
Rossi Exonerated.
Joseph Rossi, charged with causing th«
death of the infant son of Philip An
nuzzi, was exonerated by a Coroner's
jury yesterday. Rossi had a quarrel with.
Ann lit two weeks ago and struck at
bin v.-ith a heavy stick. The blow fell on
the child's head and it expired Wednes
day It was supposed that the child had
died from the effects of the blow, but the
inquest shoved that the death was caused
by pneumonia.
34
KINLEY MACK
AND KING T
Firearm, Fleeting Gold
and Floronso.
ALL WON AT SHEEPSHEAD
CALIFORNIA RIDERS DO WELL
OVER HARLEM TRACK.
Tom Kingsley, Assessor, Harry Shan
non, Forbush, Timemaker and
Maddalo Finish in Front
at St. Louis Course.
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.-Three fairly
long shots got home in front at Sheeps
head Bay track this afternoon, namely
Firearm. Fleeting Gold and King T. The
' finish in the race won by the last named
■was one of the wfcrmest observed h«?re
in- some time, not over two inches sep
arating King T and Landsdale, with Long
acre well up. Clawson and Eddie Jones
of California piloted a winner, as did Tod
Sloan, Manor and Sims. Floronso's win
: was the best of the day.
". First race, handicap, six furlongs: .
'•■ Xame and Weight. Jockeys.) %■ _%■ Str. Fin.
Firearm 119... Sims! 2 11 14 1 1
Leedsviile. 126 Maherj 0 3 12
•Lambent. 124 Williams 0 0 3 3
Sensational, 107 O'Connor 112 0 0
Orion, 120 Taral 3 0 0 0
•\ Time. 1:15 1-5. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
' Mizpah 103 and Hanwell 104 also ran.
Sausallto odds— 6 to 1, 5 to 1 and 2V4 to 1.
" ' Track odds on winner — 8 to 1. ; y '■
; • 'Favorite.
Second race, two-year-old fillies, five fur
longs: ■ • '■■
Name and Weight. Jockeys. | %. %. Str. Fin.
Tender, 104 Maher) ■ 0 0 11
Frances Hooker, 104... Barrett [ 0 0 0 2
Helen Thomas. 110 Sims 113 3
Wine Press, 10S T. Sloan 2 2*o
Sister Fox, 104 Songer 3 3 0 0
S Time, 1:02 1-5. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving. 104, Lepida 104, Country Dance 104.
T<n. Note 104, L?pida 104, Country Dance 104,
Lioness 104, Seraphic 104. Althea 104, Chemisette
104 and Harmonica 104 also ran.
Sausallto odds — ( to L 8 to 1 and 4 to 1.
Track odds on winner — 1 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race. Dolphin stake, three-year-olds,
mile and an eighth:
Name and Wt. Jockeys.! %.■ %. %. Str. Fin.
•Floronso. 108 Clawson 3 3 3 2& 14
Central Trust, 10S.. Maher 2 ,2 11 lh 2 1
Martha 11, 116.... T. bioan 111 1 2H I 3
Time, 1:54 4-5. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Glorian 118. Nuto 114, George Boyd 114, Rappa- i
hannock 114, Whistling Con 114, Latson 114 and
. Candle-black 10S also ran.
Sausalito odds— 2\j to 1, 4 to 1 and 4 to 1.
Track odds on winner — a to 2.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, handicap, two-year-olds, five
and a half furlongs:
Xame and Weight. Jockeys.) & \. Str. Fin.
•Klnley Mack, 114. ... T. Sloan 11 in 11 12
- Autumn, 126 Maher 0 0 2 2
Maid of Harlem, 110..Doggett 3 210 0
Glenhelm, 120 Sims 2 3 3 0
Time, 1:09. Won easily. Second and third
driving. • ■ . •
Ja.ok Point 121 and Young Exile 105 also ran.
Sausalito odds— to 2, 2*4 to 1 and 10 to 1.
-. Track odds on winner — to 0.
•Favorite.
■ Fifth "race, -Belling, six furlongs: '
Name and Weight. Jockeys.) & Si- Str. Fin.
- Fleeting Gold, 94 E. Jones] 13 1112 1
Her Own. 103 O'Connor 0 3 12
; •Tom .Collins, 93 Claws 11 0 0 3 3
Roundsman. 10S Doggett 2 2 0 0
•Julius Caesar. 10S...Llttleneid 3 0 0 0
■ .' Time. 1:16 1-5. Won cleverly. Second and
third driving.
Tremargo 108, Pacemaker 108, Swamp Angel
103 and Regulator 113 also ran.
% . Sausallto Ids — to 1, sto 1 and 2% to 1.
„ \ .Track odds en winner— to 1.
; 'Favorite.
* . * Sixth race, selling, mile and a quarter, turf
track:
i Name and Wt. Jockeys. %. %. %. Fin.
Klnc T. 101 o'Learyj 0 3 3 3 Ins
LandsOa!?, 107 Maher' 3 2 2 lh 2
•Longacre. 98 Moody; lh In In 21 3
Gun Metal, 67... T. Sloan! 2 0 0 0 0
Time, 2:10. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Saufeallto odds— B to 1. 2 to 1 and 6 to 5.
Track odds on winner — 10 to 1.
•Favorite.
STILL HEAVY AT HARLEM.
Favorites Lost the First Three Races,
Won the Last Three.
CHICAGO, Aup. 26.— Thr Harlem track was ,
etlll heavy, but dried up not a little be/ore the
noa were over. V.'. Kin-y and Jenkins, who i
made their debut as rldrrs in California, each
piloted a winner this afternoon— Chantilla and ;
the little cripple, Collins. "'Long Shot" Con- |
ley rode Volandies to victory. Chantilla was j
the longest priced winner of the day.
Firnt rare. pur?e, six furlongs:
• and Weight. Jockeys.) Vfe. \. Str. Fin.
Chantilla. 93 W. Klley 12 11 11 12
Hammon. 112 Conley 2 2 2 2
Muski.line, 104 Ellis 0 0 0 3
I'f-nsoroso, 107 —W. Narvaez 3 3 3 0
Timo, I:2')^. Won easily. Second and third!
driving.
Lammermoor 99. Alva's Pet 99, Lady Stock- i
ham &», Waubum 101, Incidental 104, King's j
Highway 104, Orme 104, Springleaf 104, Beth- I
lehem Star 109, My Friend 307, 'Cutter 112, La
Champagne 107 and Revenge Dare 99 also ran.
Pausalito odds— 6 to 1, 10 to 1 and 10 to 1.
Track odds on winner— 6 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, purse, one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys.! \. V - %. Str. Fin.
Trtinby. 104 Ellisl 2 23 2 1H lh
Innuendo, 86 Knight 1 3 lh 2 4 24
•P. Walker, Sss.Me>Ticholß 0 lh 3 3 3
Osmon. l'U W. Z.^no) 3 0 0 0 0
•Time. I:4S. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Millie M S4, Alvarado II 104, Second Chance !
94 and Dorothy 111 102 also ran.
Saunallto odd*— 2l* to 1, 5 to 1 and 8 to 5.
•Track odds on winner— 3 to 1.
•Favorite.
■Third race, selling, five furl-ings:
Name and Weight. Jockeys.! V 4. %. Str. Fin.
Volandies. 10:> Conley I 2 2 2 1
•Survivor. 105 J. Woods! 0 3 3 2
Cheval dOr, 106.. W. Narvaez 3 0 0 3
. Llllle Mark. 97 J. Young| 1 IV4 1% 0
Time. 1:06%. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Elizabeth R 97. Thought So ft", Mazie V 99,
Jockey Joe 100 and Lucille Bramble 102 also
ran.
Paus-allto odds — t to 1, even and 8 to 1.
Track odds on winner— 6 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, purse, mile and flve-slxteenths:
Name and Wt. Jockeys, j %. £. %. StrTFrnT
•Collins, 101 Jenkinsl 11 12 12 12 12
Hop!. 93 MeXichols 2 2 22 2 2
Swordsman. 104.. .Shepard! 0 0 0 3 3
Mr. Easton. X 5 .. ..Knight; 3 3 3 0 0
Proverb. ;^S..E. Robertson! 0 0 0 0 0
Time. 2:23Vt- Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Pausalito odds— 3 to 2, 2% to 1 and 4 to 1.
Track odds on winner— 6 to 6.
•Favorite.
Fifth rare, purse, mile and twenty yards:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. I %. %. *i. Str. Fin.
•Storm King, l!3..Rutter 2 1 1 2 lh
H. Galnes, 107. Fitzgerald 0 2 2 112 6
Lady CaNahan, 102... E11is 13 3 3 8
Depending. 96.. Me .chols S 0 0 0 0
Time, 1:49. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Pete Kitchen 111 started and Brown Gal 91
left at the pent.
Sausallto odds— Even, 6 to 1 and 2 to L
Track odds on winner— 7 to 5.
•Favorite.
Sixth raoc, selling, one mile: :
Name and Wt. Jockeya.l .Y . H. %■ Sir. Fin.
•Don Quixote. 86.. J. Reiff 2 2 121114
P. Blazes. Ss...McNichols 3 3 22 212
Prosecutor, 110 .Conley . 0 0 3 3 3
Newsgatherer, 107.... Van
Dusen 12 11 0 0 0
Sir Hobart, 55...... Knight 0 0 0 0 0
Time, 1:46. Won easily. Second and third
driving. ■■.'■ . ■ -". ■■■
Sausalito odds— Even, 3 to 1 and 10 to 1.
Track odds on winner— 2 to 1.
•Favorite.
*
MCDONALD OF CALIFORNIA.
Rides Two Winners at St. Louis,
Beating Burns Both Times.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 26.— Tom Klngsley, at odds
of 8 to 1, won off by four lengths in the first
race, and Harry Shannon, at the same figure,
beat Fresco a head in the third event. Johnny
McDonald rode two of the six winners, beating
the star horse pilot, Tommy Burns, In both
instances. Forbush, the outsider tfl the Own
ers' handicap, won with ease, Buckvldere, the
favorite, finishing last. The track was last.
First race, purse, seven furlongs:
Name andTWt. Jockeys. %. Ms- \- Str.Fln.
Tom Kingsley. 94.Sf>uthard 2 2 141314
Laura May, 92.Hothersall 0 0 0 0 2
•Veloce. 107 T. Burns In In 2 ;. i
Myrtle 10 Gilmore 0 0 3 A o
A. Old'fleld, 102. McDonald 3 3 0 0 0
Time, 1-29%. Won easily. Second and third
VouKhmask 10?. Benvldere 107, Chauncey
Fisher 104 and Reefer 102 also ran.
Sausalito odds— B to 1. 15 to 1 and 2V4 to 1.
Track odds on winner — 10 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, maiden two-year-olds, five fur
longs: ■
~~Name and Weight. Jockeys.j %. \. Str. Fin.
•Assessor, 105.. .. J. McDonald! 3 3 2 18
Mail Anthony, 108 T. Burns) 1 1 1122
F. Smith, 105 Bloss 0 0 0 3
St. VraUT 108 M. Dunn 2 2 0 0
Sam Lazarus, lOS.Harshberger 0 0 3 0
Time, 1:03 V Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Hert Davis 10S, Elmer S 108, George Dunnett
108, Blue Lick 108, B. G. Fox 108 and Mabie
Ladd 108 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 6 to 5. 10 to 1 and 12 to 1.
Track odds on winner— 7 to 5.
•Favorite.
Third race, selling, mile and seventy yards:
"Name and Wt. Jockeys.] %. %. %. Str. Fin.
Harry Shannon, 106..81055' 0 0 0 0 lh
Fresco. 106 M. ■ Dunn 1 1 0 0 2h
Truxillo, 107. J. McDonald 0 0 3 lh 3
Dresßen, 100 Taylor 2 2 10 0
•Celtic Bard. 106.. Gilmore 0 0 0 2 0
Percita, 104.. C. McJntyre| 3 3 2 3 0
Time. 1:47 V*. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Otto H 107, Fasig 106. Countess Irma 104,
Aunt Jane 104, Briggrs 104 and Leonag 91 also
ran.
Sausalito odds— B to 1. 4 to 1 and 4 to t
Track odds on winner— 9 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, Owners' handicap, mile and a
quarter:
Nan-.p and Wt. Jockeys, j %■ %. %. Str. Fin.
Fnrbush. 64 Watson i 2 2 1112
Ed CVFam-11. 90. T. Burn? 3 3 3 3 2
•CuckriJere, lOO.McDon'd! 1 14 2 2 3
Time, 2:OSV4- Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Sausalito odds — 4 to 1. 3 to 2 and 4 to 5.
Track odds on winner— 9 to 2.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, handicap, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys.! \i. %. Str.Fln.
•Timemaker. 115 T. Burns 2 2 2 lh
Fireside, 106 Line? 1 1 1 I' 42 2
I3e True, 90 Watson] 3 3 3 3
Time. 1:1*4. Won driving. Second and third
drivinp.
John Boone SO. Pat Murphy So, Albert C 90
and Mcna B 75 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 6 to 5. 2Vi to 1 and 4 to 1.
Track odds on winner — 6 to 5.
•Favorite.
Sixth raoe, polling, mile and three-sixteenths:
Name and Wt. Jockeys.! «4. Vs- %• Str.Fln.
•Maddalo. 104. J. McDonald] 0 0 1H 2 4 1 4
Wilson. M T. Hurnsl 2 1 21112
Chlquita 11, SS Caddy! 3 3 0 0 3
Gage. 93 Mays! 12 0 0 0
Mitchell, 104 Taylorl 0 0 3 3 0
Time. 2:OlV*. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Sunburst 106, Haco 104, Ransom 103 and Serf
103 also ran.
Pausnlito odds— Even, 3 to 2 and 3fl to 1.
Track odds on winner — 11 to 10 and 1 to 2.
•Favorite.
Lorillard-Beresford's Dracio Wins.
LONDON, Aug. 26.— At the Hurst Park
Club August meeting to-day me Loril
lard-Beresford stable's four-year-old eh.
g. Dracio won the autumn selling plate
of 300 sovereigns.
Gentry Lowers Goshen Track Record.
MIDDLETOWN, N. V., Aug. 26.— John
R. Gentry lowered the track record of
2:11*4 to 2:06 at Goshen to-day.
Dubuque Races Postponed.
DUBUQUE, lowa, Aug. 26.— T0-day's
races were postponed tintil Saturday on
account of the muddy track.
REDS SHUT OUT THE BIRDS.
Result of Thursday's Game Between
the Teams Reversed.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pel Clubs— W. L. Pc.
PoEton fi9 39 .IS3 Pittßhurnr ."fi .'5 800
Cincinnati ..63 41 .627 Philadelphia oO 55 .476
Baltimore ...64 33 .621 Brooklyn ....40 64 .385
Cleveland ...64 44 .SSSILouUviJIe ...43 6S .B*7
New Y0rk. ...61 46 .570 Washington .40 6S .370
Chicago 61 4a .555 15t. Louis 31 79 .252
CHICAGO, Aup. 26.— A base on balls,
two errors and McCormick's hit scored
three runs and gave the Orphans the third
straight game against the Champions.
Infield errors gave Boston one run, and a
single and Nichols" long double the other.
Attendance 2900. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 3 4 4
Boston ....:...! 7. 2
Batteries— Thornton and Donohue; Nichols
and Bergen. Umpires— Day and McDonald.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. Taylor was hit
hard to-day, and the Browns gave him
poor support. The Senators' timely slug
ging won the game. Attendance 1300.
core:
Clubs— r. h. E.
St. Louis 3 10 3
Washington 8 10 |j
Batteries— Taylor and Klnslow; Dineen and i
Farrell. Umpire — Enislle.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 26.— The game to
day was probably the last that will be
Been in Cleveland this season. The series
which was to have been played here next
week with the Boston Club has been
transferred to Boston. The Outcasts go
from here to play the Brooklyns at Roch
ester, N. V. ; thence to Boston, and then '
to Cincinnati. The Tramps were unable ,
to bat when men were on bases to-day, :
while the New Yorka touched up Wilson !
smartly. Attendance 400. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E. I
Cleveland 1 7 J !
N'fW York 8 H 1
BatterleH— Wilson and Crlger; Moekln and
Warner. Umpires— Connolly and Hunt.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 26.— Hart did not i
give a hit until the seventh inning, but
the five lucky ones that followed netted
enough runs to win the game for the
Brooklyns. Attendance 1000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Plttsburg 2 8 0
Brooklyn 3 5 2
Batteries— Hart and Bowerman; Kennedy and
Grim. Umpires— Lynch and Andrews.
CINCINNATI, Aug. 25.-The Birds could
not hit Hill to-day and were beaten as
badly as they boat the Rods yesterday.
Both McJames and Nops were wild. At
tendance 2042. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 10 10 0
Baltimore 0 4 2
Batteries— Hill pn<l Pelts; McJames, Nops and
Robinson. Umpires— Gaffney and Brown.
LOUISVILLE, Aug. 26.-Cunningham
fa»pt the Phillies' hits scattered, while the
Colonels touched Orth up rather lievly.
Attendance SOO. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville 5 11 J
Philadelphia 3 8 3
Huttcrios- Cunningham and Kittrldge; Orth
and Murphy. Umpires— Swartwood and War
ner.
Fruit for Wounded Soldiers.
: NEW. YORK, Aug. 26.— The carload of
fruit for the wounded soldiers 1 of Gen
eral Shatter's army, which was ; donated
by the fruit growers of San Diego, Cal.,
through Miss; Helen';; Gould, arrived at
Weehawken this * morning and * was for
warded ;to Camp Wikoff. v I' T ; •
- •■■.•!■■'.-.■. '■ *'■'»■ "" ■':• .■•-' '.-' -'
General ; litzhugh Lee ; tells about
Cuba's political future in ; next Sun
day's Call. ' ■''','■■'■ '-^- .
THE SAX FEAIST CISCO CALL. SATURDAY, AUGUST 27, 1898.
POINT ARENA'S
MURDER MYSTERY
No Clue to Mrs. Morse's
Poisoner.
TWO PERSONS SUSPECTED
LACK OF EVIDENCE PREVENTS
THEIR ARREST.
Sons of the Aged Victim Using
Every Means to Trace the Mur
derer, but Their Efforts
Seem Hopeless.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
POINT ARENA, Aug. 20.— Although
three weeks have passed since the foul
murder of Mrs. E. P. Morse no trace
of the assasin has been found. The
vine-covered cottage where the horri
ble crime was committed is deserted
save for the birds that appear each
morning expecting to be fed by the
kind-hearted woman whose life was
crushed out by some unknown fiend.
Two persons are under suspicion, but
for lack of evidence It is not likely
that their arrest will be made. The
sons of the dead woman have employed
one of Morse's meu to ferret out the
perpetrator of the awful crime, but
thus far he. has been unable to obtain
a clew which would lead to the de
tection oi the criminaf. One thing is
certain, Mrs. Morse's death was not a
result of accident. The detective has
satisfied himself of this and is looking
around striving against hope for suffi
cient evidence upon which to make an
arrest.
When the unfortunate woman died
it was first thought her death was due
to ptomaine poisoning. Analysis of the
mush which she had eaten, however,
disclosed that it contained a sufficient
amount of arsenic to have killed a
dozen peoplf. It is now certain that
some one entered the house unob
served and secretly placed the deadly
poison In a bag of oatmeal which was
in the pantry. Mrs. Morse and her
son Le Grand partook of it in the form
of mush, the former dying about live
hours after. Her son still lives, al
though he had a narrow escape from
sharing the fate of his mother.
Mrs Morse was 80 years ot age and
was not known to have an enemy.
Thursday evening before her death one
of her sons, who conducts the general
merchandise store here, took home
the oatmeal, which was afterward
sprinkled with arsenic. It was placed
in the pantry along with other provis
ions. The following morning Mrs.
Morse prepared some mush, which was
partaken of by her and her son Le
Grand and no evil effects were felt
after eating it. Shortly after dark that
evening the aged victim went to the
house of her daughter-in-law, Mrs.
Downs who lives only a short distance
away Under the same roof lives Mrs.
Spaulding, also a relative by marriage.
Mrs Spaulding Is considered peculiar
by the residents of the town, pre
sumably on account of her inordinate
appetite for morphine. It is claimed
she is a clave to the drug, daily using
about five grains of it.
At first suspicion was directed to Mrs.
Spaulding, and many favored having
her arrested. Le Grand Morse, how
ever, refused to believe that the woman
had a hand In the tragedy, and vigor
ously resisted any attempt of her ac
cusers to have her thrown into prison.
When Mrs. Morse entered her daugh
ter-in-law's house she was met by Mrs.
Spaulding, who pleasantly saluted her.
Mrs. Morse asked her why she had not
called on her. The woman replied that
she had been busy, and cutting short
the conversation went upstairs to her
room. She did not appear again until
Mrs. Morse had left. It is argued by
several residents, who wink knowingly
when asked about the crime, that if
Mrs. Spaulding was the perpetrator of
the diabolical crime that she had ample
time to go to Mrs. Morse's house, place
the arsenic in the sack-*Qf oatmeal and
then return to her own home.
The detective who is working on the
case scouts the theory that Mrs.
Spaulding is the guilty party. He has
had several interviews with her and is
thoroughly satisfied of her innocence.
Although advanced in years, Mrs.
Spaulding still shows traces of beauty.
She is seldom seen on the street and
speaks only when spoken to. She has
been a slave to morphine for a number
of years.
"While I dislike to think that she had
a hand in the awful death of my poor
mother," remarked Lewis Morse to
day, "yet there is a vague suspicion in
my mind that she might know some
thing about it. My brother was very
kind to her, having provided for her for
j some time. However, I have not lost
i all hope, and earnestly pray that the
I real criminal will some day be brought
j to account for the awful crime."
Mrs. Spaulding has a daughter living
In E! Paso, Texas. She was formerly
the wife of Le Grand Morse, but he was
compelled to get a divorce from her.
i Her movements are being closely
I watched.
There is still another person at whom
! the finger of suspicion is pointed. He
struts the streets of Point Arena, su
premely indifferent to the venemous
whisperings of the residents. He knows
he is suspected, but for all this he has
I made no attempt to clear himself of the
stigma cast upon him.
Every effort is being made to find out
j whore the poison was bought. It is
: nothing unusual In this town to see a
I person enter a drug store and purchase
] a quantity of arsenic. No physician's
prescription is necessary, but the sale
; and name of the person buying it are
i recorded in a book. The record of the
I only drug store here has been thor
oughly exploited without gaining a clew
to the murderer.
Notwithstanding the efforts of the
sons and those of the authorities it is
strongly believed that the murder of
Mrs. Morse will be added to the bloody
record of unexplained mysteries of this
State unless the assassin voluntarily
gives himself up to the police.
V — — —
STATE OF ANARCHY
IN COUNTRY DISTRICTS
General Ston : Reports That PeopleJbf
Porto Rico Are .Praying for
American Protection.
Special Table to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by Jam eg Gor
don Bennett.
PONCE, Porto Rico, Aupr. 26.— General
Stone, who has just returned from the
vicinity of Areclbo, reports that a state
of anarchy exists in the country districts.
The withdrawal of Spanish troops give
the guerrillas free play. Last night a
force of irregulars sacked and burned a
large plantation near Adjuintas. General
Stone says that the people are terror
ized, and are praying for American pro
tection. The Spanish formerly covered
the country with a mounted patrol. Our
forces have not yet been put in charge.
The natives and the Spaniards are busy
cutting each other's throats. General
Stone sent a full report to General Miles
to-night.
FINANCES OF THE
PYTHIAN KNIGHTS
Rumors as to Condition
of Endowment Rank.
INSURANCE MATTER TANGLED
SOME OF THE SUPREME OFFI
CERS ARE ELEC'.'ED.
Many Prizes Issued at Camp Col
grove to Companies and Com
manders of the Uniform
Division.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Aug. 26.— The
Supreme Lodge, Knights of Pythias,
adjourned to-day's session at 7 o'clock
this evening, after having elected the
following officers: Supreme chancellor,
Thomas Grample, Allegheny, Pa.; su
preme vice-chancellor, Ogden H. Fetti
ers, Wisconsin. The other officers will
be elected to-morrow. The men elected
were on the slate of the present admin
istration.
Much of the morning session of the
Supreme Lodge was devoted to the
consideration of the report of John A.
Hinsey, supreme organizer of the En
dowment Rank, on the condition of that
organization.
Representative Shively moved that
the report be printed. Friends of the
official household objected to this step
and the debate waxed warm. Repre
sentatives Ritchie. Riddle and a num
ber of others supported Mr. Shively's
motion and it finally prevailed, after
about two hours had been spent in dis
cussion. Mr. Hinsey said afterwards
that he was willing to have the report
printed.
Vague rumors were floating about
among the supreme representatives as
to the condition of the Endowment
Rank. This is the insurance branch of
the order, and has 53,575 members, car
rying insurance amounting to $99,261,500.
The statement of the board of control
shows the resources to be $523,276 62. It
is charged that $91,798 16 is entangled
in the affairs of a defunct National
Bank of Fort Worth, Texas, and noth
ing but a judgment against bondsmen
represents this money. Also that the
$236,127 39 invested in a hotel which is
now in the hands of a receiver, is noth
ing more than a fifth lien on the prop-
erty.
The committee appointed to investi
gate the charges made against the Su
preme officers has been in session two
days, but it is not yet ready to report.
The Rathbone Sisters to-day elected
the fol lowing officers: Supreme chief,
Mrs. Jeanette J. S. Newbert, Kansas
City; supreme senior, Mrs. L. K. Sht-r
man, Cleveland, Ohio; supreme junior,
Mrs. DeILP- Glaser, Fort Madison: su
preme manager, Mrs. Hattie A. Ry
der, Indianapolis: supreme mistress of
records and correspondence, Mrs. M. D.
Wood, Kansas City; supreme mistress
of finance, Mrs. Alexine Murray, Le
va.}', 111.; supreme protector, Mrs. Flor
ence I. Shoft, Corsicana, Texas; su
preme guard, Miss Maggie Hewitt,
Portland, Me.
The Rathbcne Sisters, after a spirit
ed controversy, adopted an insurance
feature similar t# the endowment rank
of the Knights of Pythias. The Sisters
also voted to affiliate with the Na
tional Council of Women, and elected
Mrs. Ida M. Weaver of Boise City,
Idaho, a delegate to attend the meet
ing at Omaha in October.
Camp Colgrove is almost a thing of
the past. The last formality was the
award of prizes to-day as follows:
Class A, first prize, $1500; John Barr
Glen Company, Eau Claire, Wis.; sec
ond prize, $1200, Terre Haute (Ind.)
Company No. 3; third prize, $1000; Kal
amazoo <Mich.) Company No. 9; fourth
prize, $800, Yellow Cross Company No.
85, Alliance, Ohio; fifth prize, $600,
Friendship Company No. 25, Covington,
Ky. The general prize, valued at $100,
for the best company commander of
this class, was awarded to Captain Con
Terge of the John Bar Glen Company.
Class B, first prize, $500, Coeur d'Alene
Company, Lancaster, Ohio; second
prize, $400, Yigo Company No. 83, Terre
Haute, Ind.; third prize, $ 00, Alpha
Company No. 45, Louisville, Ky.:
fourth prize, $200, Jeffersonville (Ind.)
Company.
The Jewel prize, valued at $100, for
the best company commander in class
B, was awarded to Benjamin F. Gray,
captain of the Louisville company. The
prize for the best troop of cavalry was
awarded to the Burns Hussars of St.
Joseph, Mo., it having no competitors.
The prize of $100, offered by Major
General Carnahan, for the company of
of the Uniform Rank having the larg
est percentage of its members in ttie
parade and in the inspection and re
view was awarded to company No. 43
of the Missouri brigade.
The Pythian Sisterhood elected the
following officers this afternoon: Papt
supreme chancellor, Mrs. George W.
Bemis, Worcester, Mass.; supreme
chancellor, Mrs. H. P. Libbey, West
Brook, Me.; supreme vice chancellor.
Mrs. W. A. Dillworth, Lincoln, Neb.;
supreme prelate. Miss Annie Mueller.
Providence, R. I.; supreme mistress of
the exchequer, Mrs. L. A. Small, Farm
ington, N. H.; supreme keeper of re
cords and seal, Mrs. George W. Adams,
Haverhill, Mass.; supreme mistress-at
arms, Mrs. Robert Smith, Richmond,
Ohio; supreme inner guard, Miss D. S.
Boyd, Plain City, Ohio: supreme outer
guard, Mrs. W. N. Douglass, Jersey
<"lty, N. J.
NTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Senator Perkins' Request for Changes
in Federal Court Rooms Can
not Be Granted.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 26.— Senator Per
kina*has appealed to the supervising
architect of the Treasury Department to
make some changes in the court-rooms of
the Federal Building at San Francisco,
but the question of changes in the build
ing, having already been decided adverse
ly, the supervising architect will not grant
Senator Perkins' request. It is estimated
that the proposed changes in the court
rooms would cost over $30,000.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California— Original: John R. Holbert.
Polaskl, $6. Original widows, etc.—Miner
va Cochrane, Fresno. $8.
Oregon— Original: George W. Fltzsira
mons, Pir.p, $S. Original widows, etc —
Lydia A. Bowen, Htllsboro, $3.
Washington— Original : James D. Close,
Fall City. $6.
The following postmasters in Pacific
Coast States were appointed to-day:
Alaska— Unalaska. Rudolph Neuman,
vice Samuel Applegate. resigned.
Nevada— Mill City. Humboldt County,
Walter Davis vice 11. J. Humphreys, re
signed.
Utica Mine Temporarily Shut Down.
ANGELS CAMP, Aug. 26.— The Utlca
Mining Company suspended operations at
their mines here to-day for the purpose of
reconstructing the flumes and ditches.
Four hundred men are temporarily trown
out of employment
Alice Rix
Writes about how the ex-Queen
passed the 12th of August, in next
Sunday's CalL
CREED WHIPS A
CORRESPONDENT
Cowardly Assault on a
Sausalito Street.
RETRACTION WAS DEMANDED
SHOWEB OF BLOWS FOLLOWED
A REFUSAL.
F. W. Birlem, the Victim, Not Half
the Size of the Burly Ex-
Marshal, Who coasts
of the Feat.
Special Dispntch to The Call.
SAUSALITO, Aug. 2C— Ex- Marshal
John E. Creed made a cowardly and
unprovoked assault upon F. W. Bir
lem, correspondent of a morning daily,
to-day, on account of the fact that he
had been mentioned in a newspaper ar
ticle as having been doorkeeper while a
faro game, which has now discon
tinued, waa in operation.
Creed and Birlem met on the street
and the former walked up to the cor
respondent, who is only about half as
large as the burly ex-Marshal, with an
oath, saying:
"I want you to publish a denial of
your statement that I kept door for the
faro gamesters."
Birlem replied that it was true and
he would not retract the statement,
whereupon Creed struck his smaller
opponent twice. Birlem was at last
forced to a promise to retract. Creed
then swaggered about the town and
boasted of his great deed, saying he
would teach reporters to keep his name
out of the papers, no matter what he
did. That he really kept the door is a
matter easily proved.
Creed seems to be continually spoil
ing for a fight with men not physically
his equal, but has the reputation of
being an arrant coward at heart, and
was once forced to "take water," in the
language of the street, by William
Harrison, the poolroom broker, in a
manner that earned him the contempt
of every citizen not a member of. his
"gang." Now that the poolroom trouble
is over and Creed has no opportunity
as Marshal to beat drunken men at
picnics, he is continually on the lookout
to show his prowess.
INCENDIARY FIRE AND A FIGHT
At a Hamlet Near Ponce American
Troops Encounter Spaniards.
PONCE, Porto Rico, Aug. 26.— An in
cendiary fire occurred a few nights ago
at El Coto del Laurel, a hamlet near
Ponce. The people, the most of whom
are Spanish, obiected to the attempts of
the rrfen of the Nineteenth Infantry to
extinguish it, and In the fight Lieuten
ant Lawson, who was in command, stun
ned one of the attacking party with a
blow of his revolver. Order was restor
ed only when twenty prisoners had been
taKen.
Fire Threatens the Big Trees.
VIS ALIA, Aug. 26.— A forest fire is raff-
Ing near Millwood, in the mountains. It
is reported that the fire is spreading
toward the big trees, in General Grant
Park. The fire is beyond control*
PIIPP A sufferer from nasal
iflLt catarrh will find , in-
stant relief from the
use of the new "Ozo" catarrh
treatment. For this reason a trial j
treat me is offered to you. Call
to the Institute and get a trial or
write for a free ■ trial. Ozo cures
catarrh of the head, catarrh of the
stomach, etc. It is a certain
catarrh treatment. Trial free.
Mai Medical Instils,
■ Ellis, Stockton and -'-Market Sts,,
San Francisco.
cry for weak
men. Hudyan cures pains in the
back, catches in * the back, weak
back, pains in the shoulder, etc.
Hudyan has cured in every case
where it * has . been thoroughly
used. Hudyan stops the waste;
the losses in a single day. Circu-
lars and testimonials free.
Hudson Medical Institute,
Ellis, StocHon and Mariet Sts..
; San Francisco. . ; i ; ; /" :
Use f**% ; and
Facial Soap ;sgj/: Facial Cream.
"-■Woodbury's ; Facial ■ Soap, ■■ Facial ; Cream, ■« Fa-
cial and. Tooth Powder, manufactured by JOHN
H. AVOODBUItT. ; will - make % the •■ complexion r
Clear, s SoXf and Beautiful ; and the teeth white.
Sold 'everywhere.. .' . . • :;..-■•
© visit DR. JORDAN'S GT * mt
ja£| Museum of Anatomy
/ Pipit 1051 KiaKJT ST.tst 6th i 7th, B. F. C»i.
I M •T' fl^ m '. ■"' ;•->-. The »»tof Its kind in World.
l|l|l DR. JORDAN— Diseases.
|- 1 W*RJV A. i >l Con«ut tloo free. Write for H«ok fc»? ;
1 W [ f Philosophy of Marriage.
"■ : m 14 ' : HAILEO fIIEC.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
© *— To the Rescue, ©
ft an army of men (who chew it) ready .g •; ; ; :
© to rescue it : — large enough to shovel © '
§ Spain off the map of Europe; No f|
H other chewing tobacco in the world ||
Q has ever had so many friends* O
©'■- ■ ■ . ? ©■"■-■■
I Oemember the name §
I i\ when you buy again. © -
C\S*£s&r^p and TUMOR
m^ wn&B&&- •jjiC^v..-* ■ Any lnmp in a woman's
breast Is cancer. The pol-
i~:» . ''v; • .son quickly goes to arm-
BwMJjpW3^^ftW^L P - If large It Is too late.
B »3K Men's f:.co and lip » com-
j&^lhs^&BisfS&^&t 4 83-Faci Book sent frse
■f . CM ; •. jM M I with hundreds of addresses
"ft-^gJL-^^^ SrWy xf honest cures. No Fraud.
S. R.CHAMLEY, M. 0., 17 ft I7Third St., n'R Market St.
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER
' ■ United States Branch. o ;'•
STATEMENT
—OP THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
- — THE—
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MANCHESTER, ENGLAND, ON THE
31st day. of December, A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day, a3 made to- the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company...... $355,555 72
Cash market value of all stocks and „ _ '■
bonds owned by company .......... 1,066, 50
Cash in company's office \- 996 99
Cash in banks 200,383 97
Premiums in due course of collection 233,630 01
Special agents' balances 653 90
Total assets $2, 447. 90S 09
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid........... $85,170 82
Losses in process <-' adjustment or , .
■ In suspense '. 1 X? 1 555 41 :
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 23,860 06
Gross premiums : on , fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,512,330 12; _ _
' reinsurance 50 per cent.............. 706,165 06
Gross premiums on .fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,142-, -
18009; reinsurance pro rata 694,604 96
Amount, reclaimable by the Insured . " • • :
on perpetual fire Insurance policies. 4,002 75
All other demands against the com-
pany CO.OOO 00
Total liabilities .•...................$1,733,356 06
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums ............:... $1,977,873 73
Received - for Interest : and dividends •
•on bonds, stocks,' loans and from
*' all other sources ..."...;. 50.559 43
Received for rents...... 8,292 11
Total income $2,036,835 27
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding $147,982 84, -losses' of pre-
vious year 5)...."....."............. $965,907 75
Paid or allowed for commission or . -. -
brokerage .............................. 376,648 66
Paid for salaries," fees and other -:
* charges^ for •of fleers, , clerks, etc.... 1 164,728 48
Paid for State, national and local „
taxes 1.....:........ r.;r.;7t.-....:....... 45.176 91
All other payments and expenditure. 137,924 21
Total expenditures :. ........ $1,693.386 01
- V ; >'. ■^;- 7 :..-v.v-:-- :--...-. , .• ■ . -.. Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $1,007,233 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ- t
ten during the year.... $234,202,375 $2,526,303 51
Net : amount "of risks ex-
. pired during the year.:. 210,454,056 2,377,057 00
Net amount in force De- '■.'*.'■.* ' -■
cember 31, ,1897..:. ...... 242.250,573 2,654.510 21
E.LITCHFIELD.. United States Manager.
, Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th
day of January, IS9B. ' '-fSSStesasajaaaajte
•■•-' C. K. VALENTINE. Notary Public.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. -
MANN & WILSON,
Managers,
N.E. Cor. California and Sansome Sts.,
. ■ San Francisco. Cal. . ...
o oVq'6 bobo 'pp'_nop.6,'6p o
o™ F PALACE •»%
%CRAND "°mk§%
O" SAN '^ FRANCISCO. : O
' ri'- ' Connected by a f covered passageway. . ' •
•* 1400 Rooms—^oo With Bath Att.iched.
O All ; Under ! One ! Management. . V.
O K •-:■'• "■'■• NOTK THE 'PIUCSB: ;'-"•'■'■•; ■ O '
' 0 European Plan. Bl .oo per day and upward >v !
O American P1an.93.00 per day and upward V ;
Q ::.'■; ..- . Correspondence Solicited. 'Q -
q JOHH 0. KIBSPATaiCK,i Manigtr. . ; Q
QOQ OQOOOOOQQOO OQ OQ
; : • : lA/. X. HESS, \ . '
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORHE7-AT LAW, %
! Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claua Spreckels Bldg.
- Telephone Brown Wl."*SSSpwBB*»«S
" Residence, " »1 - California at., below ! Pow»U, \
I Ban Francisco. >s^£iig|gKpf|
MADE ME A MAN
: *^&> AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
,B/ % A.TJ, Hervoua IHseotea—VoUiag Mem-
. v 3 ■— .£] ory, lin potency, Sleeplefianess, etc., caused
tg ,'T\ b^ Abuse or other Excesses and India-
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
A.Z.11 Kcrvoua XHseatet— Failing Mem-
ory, linpotency, Sloeplec^ness, etc., caased
by Abase or other Excesses and Indis-
cretion*. They quickly and surely
\^*~f restore Lost Vitality in old or yonr.g. and
{it a, man. for study, business or marriage,
J> Prevent Insanity and Consumption if
tuen'in me. Their nso shows Immediate improve-
ment and effects a CUKE whore all other fail In-
sist upon having tho genuine Ajax Tablets. They
have cured thousands and 1 1 cure yon. We Rivo « pq:-
I lure written £naxante# to effect a cure CA f*TC in
each case or refund the money. Price VV> IWi per .
package; or six pieces (fall treatment) for {2JJO. I By
nail, In plain wrapper, npon receipt of price. Circular
AJAX remedy CO., s §£& r sf-
Far sal* In San Frmncf«oo by Lelpnlta & Col,
D* Butter. No-i->ercent*g« Pluumacy, S4l Ilia.
, ■;::..;•*;■ .".-■-.:■ ■ : x/.-}/^,v ......
- STATEMENT f '
__OF THE  ■'
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE . '■ Ji
INSURANCE COMPANY
■ . ■ : ■•• \ ■ . . ;■• •■
OF NEW ORLEANS, IN THE STATE OF
Louisiana, on the 31st day of December,'
A. D. 1597, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and . 611 of » the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. A V;.' f V::VV
CAPITAL. ' -
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash .....::.:............... $250,000 00 .
* ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $40,000 00-
Loans on bonds and mortgages 14,750 00-
Cash market value of all stocks and .
bonds- owned by company..' 533,730.00
Cash In bank 5......... — ...;...... 37.559 03
Premiums in due course of collection 1 60,158
Total assets ;....... $683,327 74
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $13,574 63
Gross . premiums on fire risks run-
■ ning one year or less, $357,228 24; '•'
reinsurance 60 per cent.....; — .... 178,61413
Gross premiums on • fire risks run-
ning: more than one. year, $55,755 00; » ■
reinsurance pro rata J1.711 00
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... lsaSo 09
Total liabilities ••••• $237,034 77
, INCOME. :
Net cash actually received for fire t ■ _ ;
premiums ................••■•• $541.0« 10
Net cash actually received for ma- „
rlne premiums — vv.v;--:- - «.«"«*.
Received for Interest and dividends \ ; .
on bonds, . stocks, . loans and from •• ■■>■ -
all other sources zo.iw 73
Total income •••••• $354,096 49
EXPENDITURES. .. \.
Net amount paid for fire 1055e5...... $176,571 65
Net amount paid for marine losses.. ,9.071 51
Dividends to stockholders...... Zo.ooo 00 <■
PaTd or allowed for commission or , .
Paid° k for Se saiarie S ; " "feesf ees ' and "other ! 3,
-charges for "fleers, clerks, etc-.l 22,772 33
Pa!!? State, , national and locai -..^
Another payments and expenditures. ■'_ 19.933 61
Total expenditures ..t.. .......... $328,300 24
LosJes incurred during the year. ...... $176,571 00
~ Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
M«-t amount of risks writx $30,907,639 $463.239 60
ten during the year...? $30,907,639 $465.!39 60
N ;{re a d m d ing Of the ye S ar^ 52.556.740 399.831 0 i
pired during the year... 32.556.740 399.531 01
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1597.. ........ 26.131,194 412.933 24
""~"~" . -•, Marine I - - --. '. •-. -
Risks and Premiums. . Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during. the year.... '. $4,676,088 ■•$29.003 44
Net amount of risks ex- . ' "■
pired during the year. 4.676,083 29,003 44
Net amount In force De-
cember 31, ' 1557 .......... | None.-,- | None.
ALBERT P. NOLL. ■; President.
»GEO. MEYER. Secretary. - '
Subscribed and sworn ,to before me this 17th
day of Jnnunry. I<5?S. ■ . ,M. C: SOXIAT.
■■-Commissioner for California in New Orleans.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. ■ '
MANN & WILSON,
General Agents,
S.E. Cor. California and Sansome Sts.,
San Francisco, Cal. •■ -
.. _ . — _________^ — '
Si A PERMANENT CURE |^
j>% of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea 1 ' .
: .;.- ij ? and i Gleet, guaranteed ■ In . from .3j to 6j < '$$
1 1 l days ;no other treatment required. ':" \. - • Ji •'• '-
j 1 Sold by :ill druggists. , 1
TijMLwffiiifliiwiiMMji ■■ ii ■1 1 v \< nWiT'irTsinv fff^fl*iTPMßw^^^^HPROUDLY THEY
WILL CARRY
THE BANNER
Preparing to Open the
Campaign.
SENATOR DENISON'S FLAP
IT FLIES OVER A LOYAL BAND
OF REPUBLICANS.
Gage, Supported by Pardee and Other
: . . Speakers, Will Appear Before
the Voters at the Macdoa
:. : ough Theater.
' • . .' Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
'*.■-•. 908 Broadway, Aug. 26.
•. .'The opening of the battle which will
decide, whether Alameda or Los Angeles
/'shall- hold possession of the State R;-pub
.' .l.icarj banner after November, will lake
•place to-morrow night at the Macdonough
Theater, The arrangements for opening
'. the State campaign in this city which
■ were commenced at Sacrajnento yest«r
■ day, were perfected this morning at a
meeting at which many prominent Re
. publicans were present.
■• There is a touch of sentiment as well
.. as patriotism in the coming campaign,
■• bo far as Alameda and Los Angeles coun
.. ties are concerned. Ten years ago the
• 'late Senator Denlson presented to Los
: ; Angeles a 'beautiful silk banner which
w.aS'to be the property, after each State
..election, of the county giving the great
est Republican majority. In 1596, as the
whole country knows, Alameda gave Mc
•Krriley 527S of a majority, aaid on No
. yginber 5 the Senator received a dispatch
: statins that a delegation from Los An- j
geles with the banner was on Its way to i
. Oakland. The banner was carried through j
• '. the streets of this city on the Saturday
evening- following the election, and it has
. since remained here. There Is in addi
tion to a Republican sentiment, also a
• (sentiment that out of respect for the
etalwart Republican donor, who Is missed
from the present campaign, Alameda
County should show that It is able to
e.upply the gap in the Republican ranks
' and to do what Senator Denison would
have it do. The fact that Henry T. Gage
comes from the county that is alone like
ly to give Alameda any trouble adds ad
ditional interest to the situation.
To-morrow night's demonstration will
be.held at the Macdonaugh Theater, and
the following committees are now arrang
ing the details:
Finejice— \V. G. Palinanteer, A. H. Breed and
Theo Gler.
Decorations and ushers — John W. Stetson, Al
Williams and Teddy Joost.
Muhjc, vocal and Instrumental — Clarence Cro
w-ell.and A. H. Breed.
Councilman C. B. Cuvelier and John A.
Britton have reported the following
.prominent Republicans as the vice-pres
" Jdents for the evening:
W. R. Thomas, Sol Kahn, B. C. Cuvelier,
. W. H. Knight, D. Edward Collins, W. Nat
. Friend. Emil ->usbaumer. H. P. DaJton, Al
\V-.,:aras, George H. Derrick, F. A. Leach,
I. L. Requa. A. Schilling, Thomas Crellin,
H. A. Powell. Judge \V. E. Greene, Judge F.
''. B. Ogden, Judge S. P. Hall. John E. Forman.
JMin Q. Mattel Jr., John A. Britton. G. Pal
• rcanteer. Theo Gier, Edson F. Adams. A. H.
' breed, W. G. Henjhaw, J. P. Taylor, A. M.
Bfnham, George Fltzßcrald. M. J. Keller, W. |
E Darg-ie. James Moffltt. Edw. Goodall. Ira j
Bl«fiop Giles H. Gray. Judge John Ellsworth. :
Oe.^rge W. Reed, G. B. Daniels. A. B. Nye,
Qe CB« D. Metcalt. Dr. Charles Tisdale, T. G.
Is, P.. C. Arnold. Harry Meek, L. J. !
: Handy. Rod W. Church, Samuel G. Hilborn,
"George Cake?. TV. A. Dow. Charles N. Fo*.
■ \V. N. Dimmick, F. S. Strattun. Frank W,
■ Leavitt. George W. Arper, W. F. Wlxon, C.
E Palmer, Anton? Rogers, Dr. W. J. Lynch.
ner Smith, Z. T. GUpin. Frank Bar
ii-»tt. F. R. Glrard, W. D. Heltmann. E. W. ;
(ward. W. B. Prlngle, J. B. Lanktree, !
A.' C, Henry. J. W. Nel« -n, Marston Campbell, j
J> 'I'rell'.n, John Gallego?. F. K. Shaitin-k. '.
: Edw K. Taylor, Ge rge F. W»eks. J. C. Mar
•l'.-ve E. B Stone. J. H. W. Rlley, F. K. Ifott,
I . \\V 11. Friend. C. B Morgan, M. K. Miller, 1
• P W Bellincall, Profesc-.r \Y. D. Amnes, |
■- Guy C. Earl. P. E. Bowles, J. F. \V. Sohst. j
• H.- C. Taft. Ja.mf6 Martin, A. O. Perry. Mark j
A Thomas, R. W. Snow. W. H. ('nickering, i
.'•'. Y. A. Cox. H. D. Rowe, M. W. Upton, Wil- :
■ liam Watkinson. T. W. Harris. J. P. Dunn. ;
TV. R. Ellis, H. O. TrowbrMge. Hugh Aid
rich,- John L. Beard. Dr. J. L. Mayon.
•In reply to the Invitation to be present
Henry T. Gage sent the following mes- '
•sage:
"Alnmeda County has as loyal a band
of Republicans as there Is In the State,
and It will be a great pleasure for me
to' meet with them. I shall always re
: member Alameda County's generosity,
: . and also her earnest workers, who dis
■ carded personal ends for the sake of the
party. "
•Dr. George C. Pardee, whose recent
nations have gained for him the r
and admiration of the whole State, will be
chairman of the great meeting. William
R". .Davis, who recently contested at the
primaries with Dr. Pardee, will also
make a speech. Victor Metcalf, Repub
lican nominee for Congress, will speak.
as will also Senator Georgre C. Perkins
■ and possibly General W. H. L. Barnes,
Jacob Neff, candidate for Lieutenant
Governor, and Major Frank McLaughlln,
chairman of the State Central Commit
tee.- ■
The demonstration will undoubtedly be
one of the most important and signifi
cant political events that have ever
■ taken place in Alameda County.
The distinguished gentleman who heads
the- Republican ticket will be met at the
■ .train by a reception committee headed
by Mayor Thomas, Hon. W. E. Dargte,
r>'r D "D. Crowley and Arthur H. Breed.
They will escort Mr. Gage to the Mac
donough Theater, where he will be In
troduced to the audience by his late
rival. Dr. George C. Pardee.
It was decided to-night to have a big
street march to-morrow night, prior to
' the demonstration at the Macdonouprh
• Theater. Henry T. Gage will be met at
• the train at Seventh and Broadway at
730 by a big procession. The Young Men's
•Republican League, the Republican Ward
' clubs, the Pardee Club, the Pondlnkles
' and hosts of Republicans will be In line,
to follow the carriage in which will ride
Dr. George C. Pardee and the Republican
.; nominee' for Governor.
CTHIKESE IN POLITICS.
A Club Formed to Control the Vote
'.••• . of Chinatown.
' The few Chinese in this city who are
entitled to votes have banded themselves
together into a political club with the ob
ject of controlling: the Chinese vote.
' .A meeting was held In a hall in Stock
' ton street last night- with fifty members
present. The club is at present without
• regular officers, ■ a temporary president,
•secretary and treasurer having bc«n elect
ed-, and it Is expected that at the next
meeting regular officers 'will be chosen.
•. • Sing Lee, a Chinese merchant, also known
as William Lee. is the moving spirit 01 the
• club and aspires to the office. of president..
The .'members are well posted on local and
• -State politics, and the club will probably
: 'control the whole Chinatown vote at the
. next election. _
. Garfleld Republican League.
The' Garfleld Republican League met
last night at Myrtle Hall, President E. M.
Galvin in the chair and Judge Bachelder
acting as secretary. It was decided to
affiliate with the Anti-Civil Service State
League, and a resolution was passed re-
L-retting the evasion of the question by
the Republican State Convention in tne
adoption of its platform.
It was decided to invite the candidates
on the State ticket to address the ratifi
cation meeting '»f the league on September
1. A committee was appointed to arrange
for an outing and excursion of the league,
to be held next month and to secure
special rates therefor and provide new
features for the entertainment of guests.
The drill corps was fully organized for
active work, and under Captain Galvin
will take part in the campaign turn-outs.
Hon. Z. U. Dodge was indorsed for the
Republican nomination for the Senate in
the Twenty-second Senatorial District.
McLAUGHLIN
WILL BE THE
CHAIRMAN
To Guide the New
State Committee.
OPENING OF THE CAMPAIGN
RALLY OF THE YOUNG MEN'S
REPUBLICAN CLUB.
Judge Maguire Will Name Seth
Mann as Chairman of the
Democratic Central
I
Committee.
Now that both the Democratic and Re
publican State Conventions have com
pleted their work, the political managers
of both parties are beginning to arrange
the details of the coming campaign. Con
ditions are such that the campaign will
probably be one of the liveliest In the
history of the State, and it is certain
that from now until the eve of election
the State will ring with oratory of the
kind that Is presumed to carry convic
tion to the hearts of voters and terror
to the souls of political opponents. Spell
binders of high and low degree are oiling
their voices for the coming fray, and
the song of the candidate is heard in the
land.
It is partly because of the hurrican*
nature of the brief campaign that is now
at hand that more than ordinary inter
est attaches to the personnel of the gov
erning bodies of the two parties, as it
is understood that it will rest with the
State Central Committees to make a suc
cess or failure of the work of the next
two months.
Among Republicans there is the utmost
satisfaction over the announcement that
Major Frank McLuughhn will again be
at the head of the State Committee. The
work he has accomplished during tne
past two years in cementing any differ
ences that may have existed in the par
ty, as well as in directing the organiza
tion of the Republican lorces througn
out the State, nus been invaluable and
will lend no inconsiderable weight to the
measure of the party's success at the
polls.
Major McLaughlin had planned to
make an extended visit to Japan with his
family as soon as the new State Central
Committee was organized, but he is not
to be permitted to resign las steward
ship. .Party leaders have joined in re
questing him to remain at the head of
the State governing body tor another
term, it being urged that for him to re
sign the helm to a less experienced hand
at this time might jeopardize the success
of the party. 'iKese counsels, it is assert
ed, have prevailed, and the Japan trip
has been indefinitely postponed.
The exact dale fur the organization of
the new Republican State Central Com
mittee has not yet been definitely fixed ,
but it will probaoly occur some time dur
ing the coming week. Henry j .
the Republican candidate for Governor,
will name the members of the Executive
Committee cf the State Committee prior
to ins return to his home In Los Angelea
—probably Monday or Tuesday. The fetate
Committee will then be caned together
and organization will be effected, in the
meantime Major McLauglilm is actively
engaged In mapping out the plan for the
campaign whicn will begin at once.
The reception that is to be tendered to
Mr. Gage in Oakland to-nignt is not
looked upon as the opening of the cam
paign, b.ut rather as a reunion of the
lorces of the men who were opposed to
each other in the contest for the nomina
tion for Governor. It will be a grand
good tellowship meeting at which all will
join hands and piedge their support to the
common cause, it will be on a scale
proportionate to the occasion and will be
traced with the presence of Dr. George
C. Fardee, United States Senator Perkins,
William R. Davis, Frank F. Davis, Vic
tor H. Metcalf and many other notables.
The campaign will be opened in this city
on Monday evening by a grand rally of
the Young Men's itepubliean Club at 1212
Polk street. C. W. Kyle and J. H. Rob
erts are announced as the orators of the
evening.
Nothing definite has been fixed upon re
garding the itinerary of Mr. Gages trip
irom this city to his home in Los Angeles.
Nothing more is known at present than
that he will probably go direct to the
Southern metropolis without a stop. Ar
rangements are now being made for a
monster demonstration to celebrate his
home-coming.
On the Democratic side of the political
fence there seems to be the same lack
of enthusiasm that marked the proceed
ings of the Democratic State convention.
Judge Maeuire has not yet named the
members of his executive committee, ajj^d
it is not probable that he will do so be
fore his return from Los Angeles, where
he is now in attendance at the Stale con
vention of the Silver Republican branch
of the Populist-Democratic party. Seth
Mann will be the chairman oi the State
Central «'<<mmittee, and will have charge,
under the direction of James Gailaghc-r,
chief of the Clan Gallagher, of Maguire's
campaign. It is given out that Maguire
Will stump the State In the interests of
himsr-if and the Populists, Silvc-r Bepub
licans and Democrats, whose names ap
pear on the fusion ticket. This announce
ment has given rise to much speculation
as to the manner in which he wii* pre
sent the claims of Walter Van Dyke,
for instance, the fusion candidate- for
Justice fpf the Supreme Court, Who
has been a Republican all his
life, and who has from year to
year added to political history by giving
vent to his belief in th^ unworth of all
Democrats, washed and unwashed alike.
It is said that "Whispering" Gavin Mc-
Nab has demanded that he bo allowed to
name a majority of the executive com
mittee of thp new Democratic State Cen
tral Committee. The demand, which was
made Immediately aftf-r the adjournment
of the Democratic State convention, was
mentally pigeon-holed by Judge Maguire.
The Influence that the whispering bops
has exercised In local and State politics
is not of the kind that conforms to Ma
guire's Ideas of party harmony, and as
a consequence McNab Is not to be allowod
to jeopardize the chances of thp Demo
cratic candidate for Governor by bring
permittr-d to influence Xhr- acts of the
State Commute. It Is predicted that Mc-
Nab will find more difficulty in breaking
through the hpdgo of Gallaghers than he
did in "reforming" local politics.
THE LOCAL REGISTRATION.
Comparison Between 1896 and 1898
Made by Districts.
Registrar Biffgy has just completed a
comparative statement showing by dis
tricts the registration in San Francisco
In 1896 and 189 S. The falling off this year !
Is marked in; each district. In the Twen
ty-eighth and Forty-fifth districts the
loss In each case passes the 800 mark.
The purged register will make some dif- 1
ference : In these i totals, but not enough
to materially affect the showing. ;
The tabluatPd statement Is as follows:
RECAPITULATION.
Regis- R<-*ls-
Assembly tratlon. tratlon.
n?*trlcts - " 3 «- ISM. Losses.
Districts. , 3.791 2,902 m
a....- ■■■••_ |; _ 4.04* 3.287 757
™""'"" ....... 3.880 3,137 749 (
£f"' ""... . ... 4,0ti4 3.315 749
-' ........ 3.3*5 2.722 GB3 j
%t ••'*■ ........ 3,725 3.410 315
XT""*"""* 4.946 ' 4,306 640
,- ....... 3,344 3.015 ZH
£"V. *........ 6,206 4.7.-2 4M
,5 ■■-■ .... 4 900 4,556 7 4(4
-«••' ""."....... 4,182. 4.084 98
j£ -••■•-*- ........ 4,554 4,113 736
In"" V...... 4.6<:2 4.210 422
41"'"""". ........ 4.r.14 S.MS 548|
A ...... 3.615 8,105 540 i
.7. •■■■■"■;;.. .... 3.425 2.901 816
44 """" .....'... 1,431 2.P43 "MtO
45;;";;;;;;. ....3,000 2,198 .808 j
Totals ......••-- 72. SS2 62,%.". 10.027
Take a Cjpy
Home and enjoy Sunday reading the San
Francisco News Letter. • i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGI^ST 27, 189 S.
TWEHTY-OHE
MEN TO DIRECT
THE CAMPAIGN
Nominee H. T. Gage
to Select Them.
ACTIVE WORKERS DEMANDED
SCENE OF POLITICAL ACTIVITY
TRANSFEKRED HERE.
Major J. H. Simpson Enters the
Race for the Congressional Nom
ination in the Fourth.
District.
The scenes of political activity have
been transferred from Sacramento to
San Francisco. At headquarters of the
Republican State Central Committee in i
the Paiace Hotel a large throng of active i
and confident Republicans yesterday as- j
sembled and discussed the events and in- |
cidents of the State convention. Henry j
T. Gage, the standard-bearer of the Re- j
publican party, was there. He was in
frequent consultation with advisers and
trusted lieutenants, but found time to j
turn aside and acknowledge at intervals
the congratulations of many who called
to see him and wish him success in the
campaign now about to begin.
By decree of the Republican State con
vention the duty devolves upon Mr. Gage, j
as the nominee for Governor, to appoint |
an executive committee from the State j
at large within fifteen days from the date |
of the adjournment of the convention. As j
the convention adjourned sine die A.v- j
gust 25 the appointments must be made I
on or before the 9th of September—Ad
mission day. The officers of the executive
committee are to be ex-oflicio members j
of the Slate Committee.
Mr. Gage will not leave here for his !
home in J^os Angeles until the middle or |
latter part of next week, and no doubt i
by the time that he Is ready to start i
for the suuth a majority of the twenty- !
one will be selected. Many of the con- I
ferences aside at headquarters yester- j
day had reference to such selection.
Much interest was manifested yesterday :
in the great demonstration planned to i
take place in Oakland this evening. To i
attend this important assembly of Kepub-
Means many of the delegates from Los
Angeles, San Diego and other counties ;
have decided to postpone departure for i
their respective homes until Monday.
Before the regular formal opening of
the campaign there will be a meeting of I
the new State Central Committee in this
City. This meeting will take place shortly |
after Mr. Gage announces the names of i
the twenty-one members to compose the j
executive 'committee. The announcement j
of the executive committee may not be •
made before September 9, but in the
meantime names will be canvassed and
agreed upon. The convention did not
stipulate that the executive committee of
'twenty-one should consist of three from
each of the seven Congressional districts,
but did direct that the nominee should
appoint from the State at. large. It is
probable therefore that half the com- !
mittee will residents of San Francico. so
that a working force may be instantly
available at any time during the progress ■
of the campaign.
Republicans expect that progressive
and broad-minded men will be chosen by
Mr. Gage. There is a sentiment in favor j
of an infusion of young material in the ;
committee, even to the exclusion of orna- i
mental "has beens." j
Major Frank MoLaugrhlln, chairman of
the State Central Committee, is soing to !
Santa Cruz to rest for two or three days. ■
He expects to return to San Francisco on j
Tuesday next. Before leaving, however, j
he gave an order for 50,00) campaign but- j
tons. In the last campaign the tirst or
der for buttons called for only 10.000, but :
the demand for them was so great that ;
I'oO.OoO were ordered before the contest '
closed. Indications are that the Gage !
button will be in great demand. A large ;
number of lithographs were also or- j
dered.
Among the callers at State Committee
headquarters yesterday were Thomas !
Carothers of Mendocino. H. Z. Osborne |
and FranK F. Davis of Los Angr-les, U. S. .
Grant and E. S. Babcock of Han Diego, !
Frank Leavitt and William Friend or
Oakland and many well-known Republi
cans of the city.
The Congressional nominations In the
Fourth ami Fifth districts are talked j
about by the politicians. The story goes
that Julius Kahn will have no walkover
for the nomination in the Fourth. An
other candidate, In the person of Major J.
H Simpson, is In the field. The rank of i
major is just the right grade for the com- |
mon people. It is not too low for the ;
aristocrats and not too high for the push.
Simpson won his rank In The Union army
at tne front during the War of the Rebel
lion It is true that he is a lieutenant col
onel' on the staff of Sol Cahen. department 1
commander of the Grand Army of the Rp- \
public, but the position is only temporary, ;
and after Cahen retires Simpson will re
cede to the rank of major. A good hustler
and a -good talker is Major Simpson, and i
his friends hay- confidence !n his I
ability to win out in tne Democratic
stronghold against Jim P,.-irry.
There Is some speculation concerning
Republican candidates for Equalizer In
the- First District. A. Chesobrough states
that he does not desire to serve another i
term on the State Board of Equalization, i
John Lochmann. George Dlxon and Edgar j
Hrlggs are mentioned as candidate. The j
Democrats nominated John P. Dunn.
It is said that James Cymes of San
Mateo can pet the Republican nomination
for l:ailroad Commissioner in the Second
District, composeu of the counties of San
Francisco Pan Mateo and Marin. W. M.
Hinton is the Democratic nominee.
Registration Irregularities.
Registrar Biggy has cited ■ number of
persons to appear on September 1 and ox
plain apparent irregularities in their, reg
istration. They are C. H. Kappish. 207
First street; J. R. Crockett, 229 Second
street; H. C. Wlndt, 272 Second street;
William Beyleae, 75 Third street; ■C. W.
Rutherford, 149 Third street; M Norton
R69 Market street; A. J. McMaster, ii
Fourth street, and William Edwards, 318
Jessie street. .■'"-• — '
POPULISTS CAUSE A
POLITICAL MUDDLE
Factional Fights Deter the Work of
Four State Conventions at
Boise, Idaho.
BOTSE, Idaho. Aug. 20.— Very little
progress was made to-day by the four
State conventions in session here. The
two wings of the Populists did not. unite.
The other parties refuse to have «ny
thins to flo with them unless they do
aether. They have given the war
riiK factions until 8 o'clock to-morrow
to~et together. The Democratic conven
tion adopted a platform. It favors free
coinage, reduction of tariff, condemns the
issue of bonds, and favors the election of
Senators by direct vote. On questions
crowing out of tho Spanish war It says:
"We declare our unfaltering allegiance
to the Monroe doctrine and arc strenu
ously opposed to the annexation of Cuba,
believing the inhabitants of that Island
should be given the opportunity of self
government. We also advocate the reten
tion of all territory acquired by American
valor and war waged for humanity, al
ways provided th.c people to be governed
yield their consent.
The Call Ahead Again.
The mail and press boys of The Call
defeated the Stars at an exciting game of
ball yesterday at Golden Gate Park. The
Calls were captained in able style by
Thomas Cotter, who was well supported
by Denny Lenahsm. McDonald. Wilson
Lenahan Jr.. Denahy, Randall, Carew and
Winfield. The Stars had a pood captain
in Ilabinger, but were unable to cope with
the victorious Calls. Ferdinand modes
officiated as umpire, and on several oc
casions narrowly escaped a mobbing.
GATHEHING OF
SILVERITES AT
LOS ANGELES
Convention to Open
This Morning.
MAGUIRE WILL BE INDORSED
ALSO OTHER CANDIDATES ON
THE FUSION TICKET.
Many Aspirants for the Temporary
Chairmanship, and a Hot Time
Is Looked For Among
the Contestants.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 26.— Delegates
to the Silver Republican State Conven
tion have been arriving by every in
coming train to-day, and the headquar
ters of the party at the Nadeau Hotel
have been filled by representatives of
the party from all sections of the State.
It is expected that about 600 delegates
will be in attendance at the convention,
which will meet at the Music Hall to
morrow morning. The convention will
be called to order by Judge J. N. Phil
lips, chairman of the State Central
Committee.
There are a number of aspirants for
the temporary chairmanship of the
convention, and a hot time is expected
to occur among the numerous contest
ants, principal among whom are Dr.
Dlxon of Sacramento. J. H. Woolman
of San Diego, T. H. Wells of Santa
Monica, R. H. Dague of Ventura and
H. A. Ingalls of Oakland.
According to present plans the con
vention will first adopt a platform and
then take up the real business of tha
convention, which will be to nominate
James G. Maguire for Governor and E.
L. Hutchlnson for Lleutenant-Qoverr
or, and from present Indications all of
the other delegates already named by
the Democrats and Populists will be In
dorsed without any opposition, so that
the convention will really amount v a
ratifying convention, ratifying the can
didates of the Democratic and Populist
parties.
H. A. McCraney, candidate for Clerk
of the Supreme Court, is announced to
address the convention, and several
others are booked to make bow-legged
speeches, setting forth the superiority
of the "hog dollar" over that of the
solid money of the country.
THEY MAY NOMINATE
AN ENTIRE TICKET
HARNEYITES WAITING FOR
STATE COMMITTEE TO ACT.
Tortuous Times Are in Store for
Mayor Phelan — Ellert Is Again
in the Ring.
Local politics and politicians are In a
state of lassitude Just now. The big guns
ol the State have left the boards too re
cently for the smaller fry to attract any
attention, but In a few days, when the
results of the two great conventions at
Sacramento have been thoroughly di
gested, municipal affairs will come to the
fore. Aspirants for office are content to
cherish their ambitions in secret, and as
yet have, with gratifyingly few excep
tions, refrained from thrusting their trou
bles upon the public.
■\Yhat the situation will be a month
from now nobody dares to guess. There
may be two tickets, not counting the
Populists and other freaks, or there may
be four, it all depends upon what course
the Harney branch of the Democracy and
the Non-Partisana may decide to pursue.
Ever since the turning down of the Har
tley delegation to the State Democratic
convention there has been considerable
talk of that faction putting up a straight
municipal and legislative ticket in this
city, but this has not definitely been de
cided upon, not will it be until the State
Central Committee organizes and shows
what it intends to do in the way of or
dering primaries for the municipal con
vention. It it aoes that, the Harneyites
are likely to remain quiet and take their
chancel In capturing their share of the
delegates, for there nas oeen some quiet
but effectual work done already with that
object !n view. Oiubs are being formed
throughout the city by the Harneyites,
and tne claim is confidently made that
if it comes to a primary they will not get
the worst o£ it.
On ttie other hand, if an attempt Is
made to turn the municipal convention
over to the Committee of One Hundred,
as was done with the State delegation,
the Harneyites will call for primaries of
their own, elect delegates and put up a
straight ticket throughout.
The Non-Partisans, too, are undecided
what course to purßue. While some
favor the nomination of an Independent
municipal ticket, others, including I>. K.
Kllert, oppose this, and think it bettor to
wait until the Republicans and Democrats
nominate their tickets and then Indorse
candidates on both. If the former course
Is pursued and the Harneyites put up
their ticket there will be a pretty four
cornered tight waged here for a month
before election.
Mr. Ellert may have an ulterior motive
in advising this plan, for it Is no secret
that he would not decline the Republican
Mayoralty nomination, and should he se
cure it. naturally he would turn to the
body over which George K. Fitch presides
for its indorsement.
About the only name that has been men
tioned so far as against Mr. Ellert is that
of F W. Dohrmann, who. It is stated,
would not object to succeeding Phelan.
The present Mayor, by the way, is des
tined to find some hard .going between
now and November S. Witn the Harney
ites In control of the Democratic Conven
tion — tvs they would almost certainly bo
were the delegates elected by primaries—
the Mayor would stand abcr-t the same
cha.net; for the nomination as Uatan does
of securing absolution, Vni!f> if the State
Central Committee turns the control of
affairs over to his cotTte of one hundred
again there is the Inevitable split and in
dependent nomination, leaving Phelan the
choice of one faction and a lot of dis
gruntled Democrats anxious to do him
Kirat political injury. Mayor Ph< hm
is not going lo drift into the office again
on the tide. So say the prophets.
The Non-Partisans have added to their
committees and instructed the members
to thoroughly canvass for available ma
terial for municipal offices In ordor to
make Independent nominations if they de
cide upon that plan instead of Indorsing
other nominees.
Huntington Denies a Rumor.
NEW YORK. Aug. 26.— C. P. Hunting
ton to-night wired the Associated Press
from his summer camp at Pine Knot,
Raquet Lake, New York, to the effect
that the report circulated in San Fran
cisco, Saratoga and elsewhere to the ef
fect that he had been shot is absolutely
false.
Defunct Bankers Disappear.
BERLIN, Aug. 26.— A report Is publish
ed in some of the papers that the Allge
meine Deutsche Credit Effecten Versls
cherungs Bank has failed, with liabilities
of several millions and no assets. The
bankers, it is said, have disappeared.
Octave Thanet writes about the
Omaha Exposition.
UNITED EFFORT
TO OVERTHROW
THE REA GANG
Boss Rule Doomed in
Santa Clara.
ALL DECENT FORCES COMBINE
WILL PBESENT AN INVINCIBLE
COUNTY TICKET.
An Amalgamation Effected Which
May Result in the Complete
Annihilation of the
Bingsters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 26.— There will be a
hot political" battle in Santa Clara
County this fall, and a complete
annihilation of the Rea forces is pre- i
dieted. The participants will be the |
"gang" on one Bide and the opposing
side will consist of the amalgamated
forces of the Democrats, Silver Repub
licans, Populists and Good Government
League.
Preliminary steps looking to a union
of the latter four parties hay.i already
been taken, and but a few minor de
tails remain to be arranged. This is the
expressed wish of a majority of the
voters of the county, and such a ticket
seems certain of success.
Already the Reaites see In this their
Waterloo and they are trying to smooth
things over. The boss' promises have
been given and broken too often, and
there is no chance of the chasm be
tween good government and corrupt
politics being bridged.
The Democrats have suffered through
Rea's Interference in their party. Their
leaders and the boss are at logger
heads, and at the meeting of their
County Committee yesterday he came
in for a good "roasting." The other
elements and better class of voters will j
have nothing to do with the gang, and
solid ranks of voters are arrayed
against the Republican county ticket
named by Rea's convention.
While the Republicans opposed to
Rea will work hard for the State ticket
from Gage down, they are determined
that Rea shall no longer run county
affairs.
The Democratic county convention is
called for Friday, September 2. The j
Populists meet on the same date. Both |
these parties will appoint conference I
committees and confer with similar j
committees from the Silver Republicans
and Good Government League about
the naming of an amalgamated ticket.
The division of the offices has been
agreed upon, and there will be but two
or three skirmishes for places on the
ticket. _ _
The Populists will insist upon F. B.
Brown for District Attorney, J. L. Rid
dle for Justice of the Peace and the
naming of two Assemblymen from this
county.
The Silver Republicans want the
' Senatorial nominee in the Thirtieth
! District, and Dr. Fowler of Santa Clara
is mentioned for the place.
A. S. Klttredge for Superior Judge,
E. W. Conant Treasurer and J. H.
Lyndon for Sheriff have been allotted
the Good Government League as their
share of the county ticket, as it is pre
! sumed this organization will support
the regular Republican legislative
ticket.
This leaves the Democrats one As
semblyman and the following offices,
which will probably be filled as fol
lows: County Assessor, L. A. Spltzer;
Tax Collector, W. A. January; County
Clerk, H. A. Pfister; Coroner, Dr. F.
M Mahon; Surveyor, P. C. Sainsevain;
Recorder, Al Veuv«; Auditor, E. C.
Farley; Superintendent of Schools, L.
J. Chlpman.
The other township offices and Su
pervisors have not been agreed upon,
but W. S. Whitehurst will most likely
be nominated for Supervisor in the
Fourth District and M. Casey of Gil
roy in the First District.
About the only hitches in agreeing
upon this ticket will be over the offices
of Sheriff and Superior Judge. The
Democrats want V. A. Scheller for
Judge and George Bollinger for Sheriff.
Bolllnser is Rea's man find the gang
propose to "knife" Langford, the Re
publican nominee, for him. The Popu
lists, Good Government people and Sil
ver Republicans refuse to accept Schel
ler and Bollinger and avIH insist upon
Lyndon for Sheriff and Kittredge for
Judge. These same parties will also
insist upon the Democrats naming
Pfister for County Clerk, Spitzer for
Assessor and January for Tax
Collector. This last trio are all Demo
cratic incumbents and have provod
efficient officials. The Democrats will
put up Chipman (anti-gan.ar Republi
can) for Superintendent of Schools.
This ticket if nominated will be the
strongest ever placed before the vot
ers of Santa Clara County, and Its elec
tion Is certain. Rea Republicans are
even conceding this last fact.
The total vote of Santa Clara County
is between 12.000 and 13.000. The Demo
crats and Republicans are about equal
ly divided and have a party strength
o"f about 4500 each. The other 4000
voters are divided among the Popu
lists Good Government League, Sil
ver 'Republican*. Prohibitionists and
Independents. The Populists claim a
strength of 2000, Good Government
Leaerue 1600 and Stiver Republicans
700 This makes a total of 4300 votes.
This number, with two-thirds of the
Democratic votes— 3ooo— will be more
than sufficient to elect the ticket. Mem
bers of the forces opposing Rea are
snmjuine of success, and at this time
the indications point to a victory for
the respectable classes and a complete
overthrow of the Rea gang at the No-
vember election.
FISTICUFFS AT STOCKTON.
Political Scuffle Between a Justice
and an Editor.
STOCKTON. Aug. 26.— Irving Martin,
editor of the Record, who was elected '
State committeeman for Stockton, had an ,
encounter to-day, in the presence of ,
Mayor Inglls and other officials, with :
Justice C. P. Rendon. Rendon's political
standing went down at the late primaries?,
when solid Republicans turned out and
smashed a slate which had been pre
pared.
In the convention the Justice was de
nied a renomination. The Record was
against his faction and he has not been
on good terms with Martin since. Ho
I went to the Sacramento convention as a
! spectator, and returning home before
j Martin, circulated a report that the cdi
i tor had attempted to interrogate Hon.
Frank Ryan, the Congressional nominee,
concerning his religious proclivities. Mar
tin was angry at this attempt to inject
! prejudicial and factional questions into
the party, and locating the Justice in
i the courthouse to-day denounced him
! roundly, even to passing the lie. The
i Justice resented this, and Just as the mlx
i up came the officials interfered. The af-
I fair is the talk of the day.
Martin claims ho will obtain a personal
letter from Ryan denying he ever made •
I such interrogations. [
MAGUIRE AND
MS RETINUE AT
THE ANGEL CITY
Spotted Hero Is Well
Received.
LOOKING FOR ANOTHER PATCH
BEADY TO STRADDLE THE SIL
VER PLATFORM.
Declines to Discuss Issues, Reserving
Himself for Opening of His
Campaign in This City
Uext Week.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 26.— This after
noon's Southern Pacific train brought
to Los AngeJes James G. Maguire and
the most variegated lot of politicians,
perhaps, ever carried on one train. Ac
companying the straddler of three dis
tinct party platforms was William H.
Alford. chairman of the Democratic
State Central Committee. In the same
car were a number of Oakland dele
gates to the Silver Republican State
Convention, which convenes here to
morrow morning, and in addition to
U-ase was a noticeable sprinkling of re
turning delegates from the Republican
State Convention, who conspicuously
displayed yellow badges bearing the
name of Henry T. Gage, Republican
nominee for Governor of California.
The little giant of several issues was
met at Burbank by a joint committee
of Democrats, Populists and Silver Re
publicans, consisting of Senator
Stephen M. White, E. L. Hutchinson.
Judge Winder, Judge J. L. Murphy,
Judge J. N. Phillips, W. R. Burke. Dr.
R. W. Hill, J. B. Dockweiler, Earl Rog
ers, John T. Gaffey, Nathan Cole Jr.,
and others.
Upon the arrival of the train at Bur
bank the committee entered the car oc
cupied by Maguire and were cordially
greeted by him. Being asked to give
his views on the present campaign, he
politely declined, adding that he would
reserve such an exposition for his open
ing speech of the campaign, to be made
in San Francisco next week.
When the train arrived at Los An
geles it was met by other members of
the reception committee who had been
left behind, and a brass band especially
instructed to play "See, the Conquering:
Hero Comes." The spotted hero then
entered an onen carriage, and, accom
panied by Senator White, Judge Phil
lips and Chairman Alford, was driven
to the Nadeau Hotel, where the band
had been stationed, -'aving inspiriting
airs.
At the hotel the Congressman was
greeted by a large number of delegates
to the Silver Republican Convention,
and a steady stream of these advocates
of the "hog dollar" passed through to
his apartments.
Among the plans made for the enter
tainment of Congressman Maguire dur
ing his stay in this city was a reception
given this evening in his honor at the
headquarters of the Silver Republican
Club, where members of all three par
ties met to greet their candidate and
partake of refreshments.
The programme for to-morrow even
ing consists of a reception at Hazard's
Pavilion, at which it is expected the
glad hand will be extended to all, ir
respective of party. The reception is
to be under the joint supervision of
committees for each of the throe parties
by whom Maguire has been and is to
be further nominated.
As it is a foregone conclusion that
Maguire will be nominated by the Sil
ver Republicans to-morrow afternoon
he will no doubt be required to make a
speech, and his acceptance of the con
ditions of the Silver Republican plat
form will be carefully noted by all par
ties interested in the result of the cam
paign.
Prince Bismarck's Letters.
BERLIX, Aug. 26.— The Germania says
that the imperial Government is examin
ing Prince Bismarck's letters, and the
family of Prince Bismarck pays that it
will not publish his memoirs and corre
spondence at all if any liberties are taken
with the text.
Titus Defeats Starbuck.
BALTIMORE, lid., Aug. 26.— Fred Titus
of New York defeated Frank Starbuck of
Philadelphia in a ten-mile paced bicycle
race at the Coliseum. Time, 15:33 2-5.
Alice B-ix
Writes about how the ex-Uueen
passed the 12th of August, in next
Sunday's Call.
Carlists Will Not Attend.
MADRID, Aug. 26.— The Carlist and Re
publican members of the Cortes have
decided not to attend the forthcoming
Kcsnion and they will issue a manifesto
to the country explaining the reasons for
their absence.
• . ADVERTISEMENTS. , .
■a+a+B+o+c+a+H+a+n+a+B +a+B+n+c+n+n+a+:s+B+nH
DR. SANDEN'S SUCCESS!
Noth That Has Merit Can Be Kept Down.
Some Wonderful Cures.
___^_^_ i ■■.>■■
The day liaa come when merit only
-^^^^^^nn- can win. Tt a roan claims that he can
■" ■' " Jjr \ ''- il§Lsik~ ' cure a weakness or a pain which has
«r wIML existed for years he must back his
f^^U* f%~£ l|jr» claim with proof. This Id the reason for
■ «i* ! )j JPria Dr. Sanden'3 gTeat success. He has
3(^ o&4r & •,--.: En own 10,000 testimonials of cures <sur-
|\ **£** j&mi:*^^^ Ing the past three yeckrs. The people
'''^''iH&b&^ZFlcihJ^^-''''' are dose at born<? and can b * seen to
%&+WB&£&6s~**'W!& prove their assertions. Dr. Banden's
WW^Mffi^Mfit^mr Electric Belt Is the most popular cum-
&WMlsS^Wfsr^ tlv * remedy' own to-day. It cure*.
■'"IM'/r' : if * ' : '- :r ' * nd therefore people prefer It to drugs
iwifl / f l\wW or the cheap, trashy belts sold in drug
"Three Classes of Men,"
X>«TOted to the weaknesses of men, tells the cause of early decay In
; young 'and; middle-aged men. He thtms hem electricity . properly ap-
plied, will restore this power, and gives th« proof. It Is fre« upon ap-
plication. A personal call preferred.
DR. A. T. SANDEN, ;; I;.'.1 ;.'. not in drug stores,
703 Market Stmt, Co.rar Starny, Baa rraadas*. ■ ~ • T^~. . „,.
• OTflc. hour.. BA. M. to 8 P. M. : Bun«J^ J.^vfr^o.d "l n^dST-iSS
nto 1. Br*nchea atLoa Anfolea. Cal., :M=J nor hvtra"ellnK a*enU- only
...Booth Broadway;; Portland. Or.. 263 Washing- - « O u?'o<flc« *«« nM ' only
ton street :: Denver.- Coi.. Sixteenth atraat: -\ « mroract. j
Dallas. Tex.. JSS Main • treat. . - .. - - *— — — — — ~ ; *
JOE LANKTREE'S
EXPLANATION
Denies That Alameda Is
Disioyal to Pardee.
COMBINATION WAS NEEDED
i
NO ONE ATTEMPTED TO SELL
OUT xO HENRY T. GAGE.
Indignant Alamedans Offered to Tar
and Feather the Guilty Man
if He Could Be
Found.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 26.
The Alameda delegation from Sacra
mento is now at home and again follow
ing its usual vocation. There Is a de
sire on the part of all to avoid any ref
erence to anything that might break the
harmony now existing in the party.
Joe B. L&nktree of Alameda, who has
been freely mentioned in connectionn with
a 6ecret deal with Lou Brown regarding
the delegation from the Forty-sixth As
sembly District, declares that there was
nothing done that was disloyal to Dr.
Pardee or his interests.
"It was well known," said Lanktrea
to-day, "that Brown had many friends in
this district, and it was only by a union
of the Brown and Pardee forces that suc
cess could be assured for a ticket that
would beat that of W. R. Davis at tha
primaries. There is nothing in those let
ters from Lou Brown that needs explana
tion. We were for Pardee first and Lou
Brown second. We went to Sacramento
loyal to Dr. Pardee, and the fact that
some of us did not wear Tils badges pos
sessed no significance. We renewed our
pledges to Dr. Pardee at Sacramento and
he expressed himself as satisfied With the
contiition of affairs.
"A story was circulated that one pi tno
delegation from the Forty-sixth went to
Mr Gage and offered to deliver part or
the delegates. When the story reached us
we immediately went to Dr. Pardee and
offered to muster our fourteen delegates
before Mr. Gage and have him pick out
the one who had made any such propo
sition. We further agreed to tar and
feather any one guilty ol such treach
erous conduct. Dr. Pardee, however, said
he did not believe the story, Mr Gag©
denied it, and we renewed our pledges ot
loyalty to Dr. Pardee." .
The delegates returned, not with draped
colors, but with them flying for Henry T.
Gage Assemblyman Frank Leavitt, one
of the most earnest workers for Dr. Par
dee, declares that the defeat of his favor
ite will have no effect on the loyal Re
publicans of the county and predicts that
Alameda will retain its title of the banner
C0 '"rhere Is nothing that can be said
against the ticket," said Dr. Pardee to
day "while there is everything to be said
in commendation of it. It is a first
class ticket all through and I fervently
hope that it will be elected. Of course
Alameda County is disappointed over not
being placed on the ticket, but that would
have no effect upon the general outcome,
for it is the party, not personal aspira
tions that we must work for. I have
nothing but thanks to my many friends
for the kindness and devotion to my inter
ests, but I am not selfish enough to be
lieve that it was for me alone that they
worked so gallantly. It was for Alameda
County as well, and I know that the same
feeling will prompt the boys to give a
great majority for the ticket. I am con
vinced that with the election of Henry T.
Gage California will have an able man
at the helm for the next four years.'
PAY ING JOB
The Mayor Finally Signs the Dis
puted Contract.
Mayor Phelan yesterday signed th«
contract awarding to the City Street Im
provement Company the job of repay
ing and repairing bltuminized streets for
$37,978. He stated to a Call reporter that
he had arranged with J. W. McDonald,'
representing the company, that where
repaying work specified under the con
tract was not needed that other work
should be substituted.
"Mr. McDonald has agreed to It," re
marked the Mayor, "and so I have ap
proved the award, although the specifi
cations are loosely drawn."
The Mayor has apparently grown
weary of his contest with the Board of
Supervisors, where a two-thirds major
ity can be drummed up to carry a mo
tion over his veto, as was recently shown
in the gaslight contract job.
This Week's Wasp.
An excellent likeness of Henry T. Gage, who
received the nomination of the Republican party
for Governor by acclamation, is presented with
every copy of this week's issue of the Wasp.
The cartoonists have had fruitful subjects for
brush and pencil in the Populo-Democratio
candidate for gubernatorial honors, who Is so
hard up for campaign material that he has
been forced to evolve a bogey out of his vain
Imaginings, and in the way in which the
Tiemooratlc nomination for the Fourth Con
gressional District fell to that party's chief
buffoon, who received the McNab's leavings
as any Cuspidor shmiM. Strong and thoughtful
editorials on the political situation merit th«
careful perusal of every one interested In tha
coming campaign, and rx-Senßtor Mulrooney's
letter is sharp and pointed. Random sketches
slve a clever pen and ink history of th»
humorous side of the week's happenings, and
other illustrations comprise views of Manila,
a capital picture of the delegates to the Head
Camp of the Woodmen of the World, now in
session In San Francisco, and fine portraits of
acturs and actresses who are soon to make
their appearance on the stages of local theaters.
The number is both readable and Interesting
from every point of view.
56
SATURDAY. • • • AUGUST 27, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. r
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F. I
'■.-■ Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In tr)ls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year: per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL _l_ Onß year ' by ma $1.50 {
OAKLAND OFFICE *» Broadway
KEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rl£ll« Hous«
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay, '■
open until 9:30 o'«clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
59:30 o'clock 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock- |
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, ope i until 9 o'clock- !
AMUSEMENT 4
Columbia— "On Probation "
Aleaear— "Tha Merchant of Venice "
Morosco'B — -Ordeal of Two Sisters '
Tlvoll— "La Gloconda."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 615-pound Man.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Mechanics' Pavilion— The Irish Fair,
fcutro'b Baths— Swimming.
Kecreatlon Park— Baseball this afternoon.
Coursing— At Union Coursing Park.
State Fair — Sacramento. Septembers.
AN ACCOUNTING DUE.
pijOß days the Examiner advertised a pyrotechnic
shew and solicited patronage for it on the
■* ground that a portion of the proceeds were to
be devoted to the Maine monument.
Just here a digression is necessary. Ever since the
battleship was blown up in the harbor of Havana
Hearst has been trying to raise funds for the erection
of a monument, ostensibly in memory of the brave
men who perished there, but really to the honor and
glory of the justly celebrated brand of Hearst pa
triotism. There is reason to believe that if the money
be procured the shaft will contain in large letters the
name of Hearst, professional lover of his country,
while in smaller script, in some less conspicuous lo
cation, will be a casual allusion to the Maine. In his
efforts to collect money Hearst has offered to pay
solicitors 10 per cent of such sums as they may col-
lect. This circumstance came to notice without any
connivance on the part of the yellow journalist, and
the publicity of it was no part of his plan. It threw a
great light upon his scheme and divested it of the
aspect of sweet unselfishness with which it had been
equipped. Then, for a while, the plan rested, and a
comforting belief that Hearst had become ashamed of
himself ensued.
That this hope was founded on a misconception of
the character of the man became evident when his
paper began to boost the pyrotechnic display on the
ground that a portion of the profits were to go to the
monument fund. The display has taken place. The
public has a right to an accounting. What were the
profits? What proportion of them went to the monu
ment? These are questions wholly proper, and we
would pause for reply save that we have other busi
ness. However, at any time a reply shall be forth
coming we will be glad to publish it. If there were
profits either the monument must have a share or
the public has been cheated again. If there were no
profits the value of the Examiner as an advertising
medium is not impressive. If there were profits how
great and where applied?
WHO IS THE KANSAS HOODOO?
PERHAPS there is nothing strange in the fact
that the soldiers who volunteered for service
and got nothing but sentry duty and scant
army rations should feel disgruntled. Existence at
Camp Merritt was not a round of pleasure, and even
at the Presidio there were things to be desired. But
the Kansas regiment has had the unhappiest time. In
the first place its Governor permitted it to leave the
State ill clad and destitute of every means of comfort.
Upon its arrival here the men were observed to be
ragged, shoeless and unkempt, and because of this
they were taken to the public heart. The Red Cross
women did all that was possible for them and the
Kansans were duly grateful.
At first the regiment was without a colonel, a lieu
tenant colonel being in command, and he quickly
demonstrated that he was totally unfit for the re
sponsibility. When the real colonel reached the camp
he brought order out of confusion, drilled the men
into line, got decent equipment, and soon had a regi
ment that any officer might be proud to command.
The revolution he wrought made the subordinate sick.
He went to the hospital, was almost dismissed from
the service for incompetency and has never since
seemed to have a joyous moment. There has been
trouble in the ranks. Some minor official got away
with commissary stores and was publicly disgraced.
Now he accuses his superiors of being culpable with
him. The lieutenant colonel left the hospital, nursed
his grievances and began to stir up strife. He is
threatened with arrest. There seems to be a hoodoo
on the Kansas boys.
The fault is not with the regiment, not with the
colonel. It rests farther back. It can easily be traced
to the Governor. Leedy is a Populist. He brought
fo his high position all the crankisms, which constitute
a greater plague to Kansas than the grasshoppers ever
did. He tried to live up to all the fool notions of his
erred, and his career has in consequence been one
long mistake. In all of this there is a lesson for Cali
fornia. The Democrats are trying to foist a Populist
Governor upon California. This State wants no
Leedy, nor Pennoyer. nor Waite. It has seen re
sults enough. There is no occasion for it to try ex
periments. We can learn from the Kansas hoodoo
without putting a hoodoo of our own into the execu
tive chair.
General Shafter is accused by the Examiner of com
mending his own work. In the matter of self-lauda
tion there are few persons or institutions able to give
the Examiner points. The difference between Shaf
ter's position and that of his daily tra-ducer is that he
can say a good word concerning the work of the army
he commanded and be believed.
Jim Rea may still cherish the idea that he is a politi
cal boss, but observers can discern with half an eye
that an "ex" has been placed before his title.
Unfortunately for several aspiring gentlemen there
is a comparatively poor demand for second-hand
badges
THE REPUBLICAN PLATFORM.
THE fusion press expresses great disappointment
because the Republican platform doesn't suit it.
There must be a mistake somewhere. The fu
sionists really act as though the Republican party was
under bonds to please them in its platform and ticket.
The delegates differed with the fusionists in this re
spect and made a Republican platform and ticket.
They also complain that the platform is too long,
but it is shorter than the pinto platform on which
Judge Maguire stands, for that is in three sections
like a freight train that is too heavy for one engine to
pull.
The Republican document has through all its length
a warm thrill of patriotism and cheer and hope, of
confidence in American institutions and promise that
they will be perpetuated. The American soldier and
sailor, warworn and scorched under the vertical sun
of the tropics, will feel his homesickness vanish when
he reads in it recognition of his sacrifice and a record
of his bravery. In many an American home, where
the sun has not shone as brightly since the blithe boy
marched jocund to the war, old hearts will throb
gratefully in harmony with the utterances of this plat
form in behalf of the men who went forth to fight
and of the homes they left behind them.
The platform stands up for the principles of the
party, for the rights of man, for sound money and
sound men.
It embodies the well-known demands of The Call,
that Asiatic coolies be barred from Hawaii, and that
our labor laws and their eight-hour day be extended
to the islands.
The Democrats have a representative on the Ha
waiian Commission. Why did not their platform in
struct him in the public sentiment of this State on that
subject?
The protection of labor, the maintenance of wages,
the public policy that will give work to the wage
earner, are the subjects of first consideration in this
phtform.
It points the way to a larger irrigation policy and
to conservation of the means thereto by preservation
of the forests. This one declaration is of the highest
value, and all people interested in forestry, and that
means every citizen of the State, should agitate this
subject throughout the campaign, and by electing a
Republican Legislature make sure an earnest effort to
prevent forest arson and punish the incendiaries who
are responsible for it.
The whole platform will come safely through the
fire of criticism, and is in itself a campaign textbook,
and when expounded on the stump will be found like
the armor of our warships, invulnerable to the guns of
the enemy.
& BOOM FOR ROOSEVELT.
THE Presidential boom launched at Chicago a few
days ago tor Colonel Theodore Roosevelt is
very far from being a campaign joke. It would
not be at all surprising if the hero of El Caney were
elected Governor ot New York this fall, notwithstand
ing the opposition of the machine element in the Re
publican party of that State, and if he is so elected it
is not unlikely that he will fall into the Presidential
line upon the retirement of Mr. McKinley.
Besides, the Roosevelt boom has been launched
under excellent auspices. The Chicago Republicans
who have become members of the "Roosevelt Club"
are the same men who discovered Harrison and Mc-
Kinley. Indeed, the Union League of Chicago,
of which they are all leaders, has long been the storm
center of Western Presidential booms. That organi
zation is quick to discover the political strength and
availability of public men and equally as speedy to
make known its sentiments. The resolutions of the
"Roosevelt Club" indicate that these boomers have
uncovered the source of the famous New Yorker's
political availability and at the same time that they
understand the condition of the public mind on
Presidential questions. The resolutions state that the
club has been formed "for the purpose of making
effective in Republican politics the independent,
courageous and patriotic spirit shown in the political
and military career of Theodore Roosevelt."
Of course, no one anticipates that the Republicans
will set President McKinley aside in iooo. Two years
hence he will sweep the country, even if at that time
he shall have completed his war work. The issues
he will then represent will be too strong to be over
come; but in 1904 the case must necessarily be differ
ent. The war will then be mostly forgotten. After
eight years' service President McKinley will be sur
feited with honors, tired and probably glad to retire.
In addition the third term rule will be invoked against
him. No President has ever yet attempted to violate
this rule, except General Grant, and he failed utterly
to achieve his ambition.
In 1904, therefore, Roosevelt will be a man upon
whom the Republicans may with great propriety unite
for victory. But we regard the attempt that is now
being made to run him for Governor of New York
as a political mistake. He should be allowed to rest
on his laurels for two or three years. He has earned
glory enough to last him that length of time. If the
Republicans of the Empire State know their business
they will spring him on the people about 1000. If
then elected Governor he could give the State an elec
trical government for a couple of years, and no power
on earth could prevent his nomination for President
in 1004.
However, the "Roosevelt Club" can do no harm in
the meantime. It is always well to keep such men as
the rough riding colonel before the public. Their ex
ample is one of the glories of a free and independent
country.
For reporters to remember that Mrs. Botkin is
merely accused of a crime, not convicted, would add
to the value of their printed observations. Chief Lees
has evidently made up his mind as to the prisoner's
guilt, and there is no reasonable supposition that any
evidence can shake it, or that evidence tending to cast
doubt upon his conclusions will be encouraged to ap
pear. A reporter, however, would win just as much
glory by demonstrating the woman's innocence as her
guilt, and makes a mistake in looking into the subject
from the standpoint of the sleuth whose business is to
convict people. The detective who forms his theory
first and afterward shapes the evidence to fit it is
prone to err. While circumstances so far as developed
are certainly against Mrs. Botkin, the case is too
grave to admit of hasty judgment.
In view of his bolting tendency shown on many oc
casions, would it not be wise for the Democrats to
appoint a committee to keep Maguire in the party
until after election. It would be very confusing to
have the candidate jump the fence in the midst of the
campaign.
It is rumored that Senator Braunhart is in favor of
a primary if it will use his justly celebrated isinglass
ticket, with which he formerly purified politics up to
the clarified standard of the present Supervisors and
School Directors.
It is pleasing to note that Dewey's fleet is to be re
enforced: also that it is not to be re-enforced. The
dual announcement gives people of diverse opinion
the right to feel pleased.
THE SAN FKA'JM CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 27, 1898.
SECRETARY HflY AND HIS TfiSK-
RARELY has the selection of any man for the
office of Secretary of State been received with
a warmer or more universal approval than that
of Colonel John Hay, now Embassador at the Court
of St. James. In the Eastern press the nomination
has been most cordially commended, there being
hardly so much as a partisan opposition, and even in
Great Britain there is evident a widespread satisfac
tion at the choice.
It is safe to say that for the greater part of this
commendation Colonel Hay is indebted more to what
he has accomplished in literature than in statecraft.
The American people are always favorably inclined
toward those who have distinguished themselves in
the domain of letters, and not infrequently have con
doned mistakes made by literary men serving as Min
isters abroad which would have been severely de
nounced had they been committed by Ministers se
lected solely for eminence in politics.
Colonel Hay, however, has had much experience in
diplomacy, and, while his accomplishments in that
field have not been so widely known as those he has
achieved as an author, they are nevertheless of a
nature sufficiently important to justify the sanguine
expectations that are held of his coming career as
Secretary of State. He was for four years a private
secretary of President Lincoln, was afterward Secre
tary of the American legation at Paris and at Madrid,
and has now held with credit to himself the important
post of Embassador to Great Britain. These years of
diplomatic experience have given him training for the
work that lies before him, and fully justifies the Presi
dent in selecting him for the place.
The very universality of the approval with which
the appointment has been greeted, however, will ren
der it difficult for the new Secretary of State to main
tain the high prestige he now holds. Where every
one expects so much some are sure to be disappoint
ed. Colonel Hay will be confronted at the outset by
the complex problems of foreign policy arising out of
the war with Spain, and it goes without saying that
whatever course he pursues he will run contrary to a
large body of public opinion. t
The nation is at a fork of the road. It is jo be
determined whether we are to preserve our sepaijation
from European conflicts or join Europe in the igame
of land-grabbing in the Orient. The one way is a
continuance in the sure paths of peace. The ottoer is
to enter into the conflicts of the world, where *from
the very conditions of things we must necessarily be
brought into antagonism with at least some oif the
great powers with whom we are now on friendly
terms.
British approval of the appointment of Colonel Hay
to the office of Secretary of State is due to a belief in
London that he will be favorable to something like
an alliance between Great Britain and the United
States for the protection of their commercial interests.
That belief is a delusion, for of course Congress would
never consent to such an alliance. The British, there
fore, are sure to be disappointed to some extent, and
possibly a good many people in this country will be
equally so when the new Secretary gets fairly to work.
There is all the more reason therefore why the great
mass of conservative citizens who understand the
difficulties in the way of the administration should be
considerate and loyal in supporting both the Presi
dent and his Secretary in conducting the nation safe
through the crisis that confronts it.
BY the death of Ernest Narjot California loses
not merely her oldest painter, but one of those
who have done most to direct the culture of this
city toward artistic achievement and to develop on the
Pacific Coast an art characteristic of its earth and
sky and peculiar to its cosmopolitan life. A notable
leader in an important field of activity has gone from
us, and the loss will be keeiwy felt in many circles.
California owes much to every class of the pioneers.
Among the early settlers there were representatives
of almost every variety of talent. A considerable
number of these, moreover, were of sufficient force to
be genuine leaders of men and of sufficient originality
to lead the rising community toward new fields of ac
complishment. There was something of creative
power within them, and they were able to make out of
the material around them a civilization quite distinct
from that to be found anywhere else on the globe.
It is to the impulses given by these strong and
original men in the ranks of the pioneers that we owe
the rich and attractive character of our social system
and the mighty achievements of our industry. It is
no slight thing that a community so young as Califor
nia should have attained the leadership of so many
progressive communities as those that make up the
United States in the many fields in which such leader
ship is now universally recognized as ours. The im
pulses that have carried us so far and to such
heights in so short a time could have come only from
men animated by something of a prime elemental
force in human nature, and we can never give them
more honor than is justly their due.
It is so often stated that the early settlers of Cali
fornia were mere adventurers seeking for gold that
something of emphasis should be given to the thou
sand evidences that refute the charge. Among the
pioneers and in the host of the argonauts there were
many who sought wealth simply for the power it
would give them to perform great things. Some of
them did not attain the wealth and did the great
things without it. They built up a mighty State, es
tablished a wonderfully diversified industry and fused
a cosmopolitan population into a community out of
which there is rapidly developing a culture that prom
ises to be unique in the history of the world.
Ernest Narjot was one of these directing men who
have helped to make us what we are. Through the
influence of his life and work and those of his brother
artists of the earlier years San Francisco, though the
youngest of the larger cities of the Union, has already
attained an artistic culture second to none. More
over, most of our painting is distinctively Californian
in spirit and form, as well as in name. This city now
appears clearly destined to become one of the great
art centers of the world, having a school and a motive
of its own, and for that promise we are much indebted
to the old artist whose paintings have inspired us in
the past and will long remain among the precious
possessions of our galleries.
Hungry soldiers on their way to Santiago to relieve
the soldiers now there cannot be blamed for having
raided fruit stands as they passed along the streets of
New York. They had had nothing to eat for twelve
hours, and the War Department has no right to treat
troops this way in a time of peace and a land of
plenty.
Mr. Phelan regrets that the Republican platform
does not suit him in regard to the new charter for
San Francisco. We beg to assure his Honor that the
new charter will be ratified by a Republican Legis
lature, and that it will be put in operation by a Re
publican Mayor.
Judge Maguire heard that the office would be seek
ing the man in Los Angeles, and hurried down there
to be found.
ERNEST NARJOT.
A CHALLENGE TO JAMES G. .MAGUIRE.
Mr. J. G. Maguire, Populist nominee for Governor, asserts that singl<
tax is not an issue in this campaign, yet there is reason to believe that
said Maguire is willfully deceiving the public in this regard. He forced
Cassin for permanent chairman upon the Democratic convention. He had
Cassin appoint Seth Mann, of Maguire's law office, as chairman of the
committee on platform and also put Joseph Leggett thereon. These Ma
guireites made the platform demand a constitutional amendment allow
ing local option to counties as to what may be taxed. We all know that
there has been no demand on the part of the public for any such amend
ment and that the only sentiment back of said demand was that of the
single taxers. It is just to infer that, therefore, Maguire is seeking to
obtain the coveted tax by the usual Maguire methods of indirection. It
is therefore pertinent for the land owners to understand what single tax
really is. It is not truly a system of taxation, but a system of confisca
tion. It is the appropriation of the full (economic) rent of land by the
State by the method of taxation. This was advocated years before George
by a society in England, but they could make no headway, because, being
honest men, they advocated that compensation should be made to the
owners of land for the capital represented by said rental value. Then
later un sprang the newspaper reporter, George, and his followers, like Ma
guire, and declared that a little thing like compensation would not stop
them, but that they must establish the coveted system without compensa
tion, as compensation would involve too many bonds, etc. The writer
hereof heard said Maguire advocate said appropriation by the State with
out any compensation being made. This is not legislation, nor taxation —
it is sheer confiscation. To this central fact I desire attention drawn. I
here and now challenge Judge Maguire to deny that he advocates the ap
propriation of the full economic rental value of land by the State from the
present owners (and through the indirection of taxation) without any com
pensation being made by the State to the owners of said land who have in
vested their capital therein. Any one can perceive that this would render
land wholly unsalable and, in a short time, cause all land to revert to the
State; that it would depreciate the value of real estate mortgages fully 60
per cent; would ruin the savings banks and building and loan societies
and bring the thousands of savings bank depositors to ruin. It would make
the future negotiation of loans on land, improved or unimproved, impos
sible, cause a rise in the rate of interest, give a shock to public and priv
ate credit, from which the State would not recover in years; defame the
fair name of the State in the eyes of the world; and last, but not least,
would damn the Democratic party beyond hope of resurrection for the next
generation. Believe me, Mr. Editor, very respectfully,
JOHN HEENAN, Attorney at Law.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Charles F. Williams and wife of Mare
Island are at the Occidental.
A. Humphreys and wife of Honolulu
are registered at the Occidental.
Superior Judge J. L. Campbell, wife and
sister are guests at the Baldwin.
Al P. Booth of Sacramento is at the
Grand, accompanied by his wife.
J. C. Daly and wife, of Ventura, have
taken apartments at the California.
Dr. John Van Denburgh, a well-known
physician of Los Gatos, is at the Cali
fornia.
S. W. Moultrie, a prominent railroad
man and attorney of Fresno, is registered
at the Lick.
W. R. Stone and wife of Sacramento and
William Caldwell and son of Cloverdale
are at the Grand.
Conrad Buhl and Conrad Behr of Ber
lin are here on a pleasure trip and are
registered at the Palace.
F. C. Devendorf of Los Angeles and F.
X. Vorsaid, M.D., of Woodland are regis
tered at the Occidental.
One of our
promlment citi
zens took his
wife and their
young hopeful,
who is just four,
to a vaudeville
show one night
THE SERVICES
WfcRE
INTERRUPTED.
' last week the youngster was highly In
terested In every number on the pro
gramme, but the most vivid impression he
received was the singing of the song,
"Come up and get your moneys worth,"
which was sung by a coon who performed
all sorts of gyrations with his cavernous
mouth. The next day the little fellow
amused his proud parents by giving an
' almost exact imitation of the colored sing
! er, even to the manipulation of the lips
i and the effect was irresistibly funny.
Now the aforesaid prominent citizen is
| a regular church attendant as well as a
i theater goer, and last Sunday he accom
i panied his wife and the lad to a house of
worship. As is customary with the father
he gave fifty cents to his boy to put in
the contribution plate. The latter ap
peared to be unusually devout during the
services that morning and imagine the
consternation depicted on the faces of his
parents and the amused countenances of
the rest of the congregation v^hen they
i heard the youngster say as he dropped
the half dollar in the plate, which was
presented to him by the deacon. "Come up
and get your moneys worth."
Even the minister had a smile, but the
boy was unconscious of the sensation he
had created.
Mrs. H. A. Tufts of Boston, Mass., who
is making a pleasure trip to this coast,
is a guest at the California.
James Feeley, a business man of Red
Bluff, and J. Charles Jones and wife of
Sacramento are at the Lick.
C. E. Tinkham, a lumberman of Chico,
and P. A. Buell of Stockton are making
the Grand their headquarters.
J. M. Reynolds and wife came up from
Boulder Creek to remain for a few days.
They are guests at the Occidental.
Joseph Durfee, a storekeeper of Smarts
ville, and W. H. Hatton and wife of Mo
desto are among the arrivals at the
Lick.
Edwin Wildman of Elmira, N. V., Vice
Consul General of the United States at
Hongkong, has taken apartments at the
Palace, and Is accompanied by his wife.
At the Palace are Frederick M. Fish, a
stock broker of Chicago, A. T. Rodgers,
a mining man from Vancouver, and Su
preme Judge E. M. Ross of Los An
geles.
IN THE BEST 02 1 HTTMOB.
Jaggles— Why Isn't it as bad to abolish
the army canteen as to cut off the sail
or's grog? .
Waggles— Because that is depriving
Jack of his gill.— Judge. >.;
Just a little explanation,
Properly expended;
Just a little forbearance-
Quarrel is ended.
— Chicago News.
There's many man that grinds the ax
That ouKht to turn the crank;
There's many an actor treads the boards
That ought to walk the plank.
—Life.
"Is that fiction you are realing?" asked
Mrs. Redgate of her husband.
"I think it must be," replied Mr. Red
gate. "It Is a story entitiled 'The Ice
Man's Conscience.' "—Detroit Free Press.
"When I came to this town, enghteen
years ago," said the leading citizen, "I
had only thirty cents in my pocket."
"However," the Town Cynic kindly
added, "there were other pockets."—ln
dianapolis Journal.
Mrs. Enpeck— The philosophers tell us
that blessings often come to us in dis
guise.
Mr. Enpeck (with a sudden show of
spirit)— Say, Maria, when are you going
to unmask?— Cleveland Leader.
"Ah," sighed Mrs. Pllmsole, "we're
never sure of anything in this life."
"Yes, we are," her husband replied.
"Whenever you are quiet for half a min
ute I am sure that you'll say something
soon or bust, and I've never missed It
yet."— Washington Leader.
He— And am I really and truly the
first man you ever kissed?
She— Why, of course, you stupid."
He— Stupid! Why do you call me that?
She— Because you are not original. At
least a dozen men have asked me the
very same question.— Chicago Record.
"John," said a Topeka wife to her hus
band, "I will quit drinking tea and save
the war tax if you will do the same with
beer."
"Woman," responded John, with cold
severity, "do you think it is the part of
patriotism to abandon your country in its
time of peril?"— Kansas City Journal.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NURSE— HiIda, City. The most de
sirable age for a woman who wishes to
enter a training school with the idea of
becoming a professional nurse is from 21
to 31.
MAJORITY IN NEW YORK— A. X. S.,
City. In the State of New York a minor
is such until the age of 21 is reached. The
law of that State does not make any
difference as to sex.
WIILIAM F. CODY— X. L. X., City.
William F. Cody, "Buffalo Bill," was at
the Bush Street Theater in San Francisco
for twenty days, from March 8, 1&86. He
opened in the "Prairie Waif."
SPANISH NAMES— M. C. J., City. The
English pronunciation of Cuba is Ku-ba
with the cound of v as in mute and that
of a as in fate. Tamalpais is pronounced
as if written Tah-mal-pah-is.
LEGAL. TENDER— Subscriber, City.
In the United States five and one cent
pieces are legal tender to the extent of
25 cents and no more. Fifty, 25 and 10
cent pieces are legal tender In any
amount not exceeding $10.
E. R. GARBER-D. A. F., City. Ex-
Judge Eugene R. Garber died in the Wal
deck Sanitarium, in San Francisco, July
12, IS9B. His remains were taken to Moun
tain View, Alameda County, for inter
ment.
THE CALIFORNIA FIRST— O. S., City.
From the reports that have been received
from Manila it would appear that the
California First Regiment of Volunteers
has not yet been visited by the pay
master.
SUCCESSION— A. N. S., City. In the
State of New York the law on the sub
ject of succession says: "The property
(real) goes to lineal descendants, to fa
ther, to mother and to collateral rela
tives in the order named."
THE SCHOONER PEERLESS— W.,
Vallejo, Cal. The schooner Peerless was
at Tacoma, August 12, 1898, and chartered
for San Pedro. To ascertain if a certain
individual is on board in any capacity ad
drem a letter '"To the master of the Peer
less, San Pedro."
VARIOUS HEIGHTS— C. P. 8., Hollis
ter, Cal. The height of the Spreckels
building is 327 feet; Chronicle building, to
top of tower, 237 feet: Examiner building,
108 feet to the cornice, with an addition
of 17 feet above that. The height of the
electric tower in San Jose is 198 feet.
THE PARIS EXPOSITION— L. A. G.,
City. The Paris Exposition of 1900 will
open April 15 and close November 5 of that
year. The Government on accepting the
invitation to the United States appro
priated $5000 to pay the salary of a spe
cial commissioner. The American com
mission will have- charge and direction of
the American exhibit.
METROPOLITAN THEATER— W. R.
M., Los Angeles, Cal. The last perform
ance given at the Mtropolitan Theater in
San Francisco was on April 28, 1573. It
was a complimentary benefit to E. G.
iiert. There was a varied programme, in
which Davis, the ventriloquist, Mr. and
Mrs. F. M. Bates, Marie Gaugain and Til
lie and Mamie Darlingjook part.
FAUST— Subscriber, City. Faust is pro
nounced as if written Fowst. "Faust,"
a tragedy, was written by Goethe who
commenced it in 1772 and issued it in 1790.
Gounod wrote the opera of "Faust and
Margherita," with words after Goethe,
which was produced at the Theater
Comique March 19, 1859. Spohr also wrote
"Faust," an opera produced in Frankfort
in 1818.
WELLS, FARGO & CO.— J. W. D.,
Roseville, Cal. Henry Wells and William
G. Fargo, of the State of New York, were
the founders of Wells, Fargo & Co. They
founded it in 1552 in conjunction with John
Livingston, D. N. Barney and others, but
the founders were men of different caliber
than those who are now at the head of
the concern and compel the citizens, their
patrons, to pay the war tax, they should
pay.
PENSION VOUCHERS— H. D. G., Los
Angeles. Cal. There is nothing In the
Revised Statutes that touches upon the
execution of pension vouchers on a Sun
day. The Pension Agent in San Fran
cisco will receive vouchers executed on
any day. The next pay day is September
4, but as that day falls on Sunday and
the following day being a Federal legal
holiday payment will not be made until
the 6th of that month.
KOTZEBUE SOUND— W. H. C, City.
There is no regular service between this
port and Kotzebue Sound. Mail is sent
whenever there is opportunity to forward
the same. The way to insure speediest
delivery of a letter for some one who left
here on the 29th of April is to deposit it
in the postofflce and have it go by the
first vessel that will carry mail there, or
to entrust it to the captain of the first
vessel that is announced to sail for there.
THE TEMPLE CUP-H. S. A., Marys
ville, Cal. On October 4, 5, 6, 9, 11, the
Boston and Baltimore clubs, which fin
ished first and second, respectively, in the
championship series of the National
.League and American Association, con
tended for the Temple Cup, playing the
first three games in Boston and the next
two games in Baltimore. The Boston
team won the first game by a score of 13
to 12, but the Baltimore won the next four
games by the respect!" - scores of 13 to 11.
8 to 3, 12 to 11 and 8 to 3, and thus became
entitled to the possession of the Temple
Cup for the second successive season.
BOUND BY THE LAWS— W. H. G.,
City. If the society to which you belong
adopted certain laws for the disposition
of beneficiary funds, and the same were
regularly adopted by a majority of the
members, the entire membership is
bound by them and must comply with
them or suffer the consequences. If the
law requires that at a stated period a
member must be financial, and he neg
lects to be so, he must abide by the
penalty, for he cannot in consequence of
his negligence expect to enjoy the same
rights as a member who complies with
the laws.
MUSHROOMS— Gourmand, Petaluma,
Cal. A means of securing mushrooms out
of season is to cultivate them. They are
grown in hothouses or cellars in a warm
moißt atmosphere, and a succession may
be had by arranging beds at different
times, -i nose who engage in this buaU
ness spread the spawn at such times thai
by the time the second bed i 3 finished
the crop in the first bed will have hern
secured, and so on to the number of beds
laid out.
SCHLEY IN THE ARCTIC— Third
street. City. In ISS4 W. S. Schley. then
commander, U. S. N., was in charge of
the expedition sent out to relieve Greely
and his party. The expedition that found
the explorers.
TO CHICAGO BY RAIL— O. S., City.
Following are distances from San Fran
cisco to Chicago by rail: Shasta route,
via Portland and Northern Pacific Rail
road, 3304 miles; Ogden route, via Ogclen
and Council Bluffs, 2536 miles; Ogden
route, via Salt Lake City and 1 '
2629 miles, and Santa Fe route, via Mo
jave, Albuquerque and Kansas City, ->.i
miles.
WILLING PROPERTY-P. H., Mill
wood, Cal. There is nothing in the laws
of California "to prevent a man of sound
and disposing mind without wife or chil
dren from disposing of his property to
charity or to a religious society to the
exclusion of brothers and sisters, if he
feels so disposed, but he must make such
testamentary disposition at least thirty
days before his death.
VITALITY OF SEEDS— E. G. S.. Liver
more, Cal. There is published a table
which gives the following as the vitality
of seeds retained for one year: Leeks,
onions, parsnips and rhubarb.
Two years: Beans and peas of all kinds,
peppers, carot, egg plant, okra, salsify;
scorzonera, cress, nasturtium, thyme,
sage and herb seeds generally.
Three years: Artichoke, asparagus, en
dive, lettuce, fellicus, mustard, parsley,
skirret, spinach and radish.
Four years: Broccoli, cauliflower, cab
bage, kale, turnip and celery.
Five years: Beet, cucumber, melon,
pumpkin, squash, chervil and sorrel.
To test the vitality of seeds the follow
ing is recommended: Place almost any of
the larger seeds and grains on a hot pan
or griddle. When the vitality is perfect
the grain will pop with more or less noise.
When the vitality is defective or lost it
lies immovable in the vessel.
STREETCAR FARE— Subscriber. City.
If a passenger bets on board of a street
car and tenders in payment of fare a
$10 pieco and the conductor has not the
change the general rule is for the con
ductor to carry the passenger as far as
the turning-in office of the company,
where he can obtain change, unless he
can sooner obtain it from some of the
other passengers. It has been held that
a conductor must have enough change to
"break" a reasonable tender, but that he
is not bound to carry enough change to
break a $10 or $20 piece. A conductor
would not be justified in ejecting a pas
senger who made a tender of a $10 pieco
for a 5 cent fare and was willing to re
main in the car and be taken to the com
pany's office, but if the passenger insisted
upon having his change right away or
demanded nis money returned to him and,
created a disturbance the conductor
would be justified in stopping ti-e car and
putting him off.
PURELY PERSONAL.
Leo XIII is the two hundred and fifty
eighth Pope.
Zola received the sum of £16 for his
first book; for "L'Assommoir" he re
ceived £COOO.
The Duke of Marlborough Is one of the
most enthusiastic of amateur firemen,
and takes a keen interest in the Fire Bri
gade Union. He frequently wears a fire
man's uniform himself.
Verdi, now 82 years old, rides on horse
back every day. He composes a little
every morning, plays cards with his fam
ily in the afternoon, and in the evening
likes to read poetry and philosophy.
Lord Wolseley is almost as devoted to
the pen as the sword, and if he had not
been fated to be a field marshal he would
beyond question have been a man of let
ters. He rises early in the morning to
write, and his official duties only com
mence when a pile of MS. testifies to his
industry with the pen. For some time
past he has employed a number of copy
ists in making extracts for him in the
archives of Venice.
The German Emperor and Empress are
the earliest '■ risers of all European sover
eigns, but with them It is a case of fol
lowing out the rule of "Early to bed and
early to rise." for they retire as early as
10 o'clock. At 5 o'clock in the summer and
6 in the winter the Emperor is up and
about, and the Empress rises only a lit
tle later that she may be ready herself
to prepare her lord and master his first
cup of coffee. The children of the impe
rial pair are brought up to follow their
parents' example in this as in every way.
The Emperor of Austria is another mon
arch who breakfasts with the lark.
;. ;— ■ ♦ ■
Soft Baby Cream, 15c lb. Townsend'a. •
Peanut taffy best in world. Townsend's.»
■ ♦ ■ — — ;.; ■•
Going out of business. Best eyeglass
specs 15c up. 65 4th. v Sundays till 2 p.m. •
■ '- : - — r l - — ' * ■
Treat your friends to Townsend's Cali
fornia Glace Fruits', 50c lb. in fire-etch
boxes. 627 Market St., Palace Hotel bldg.*
_. ♦ .
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
All Aboard !
For Bohemia Grove Sunday. August 28.
Fare for the round trip only $1. Last
chance this season for visiting this ro
mantic spot in the midst of the redwoods
of Sonoma County, where the Bohemian
Club holds its annual jinks. Bring your
lunch. A seat on train guaranteed for
each person. Special train lands passen
gers in the grove. Leave Tiburon ferry
at 8 a. m. ; returning leave the grove at
4 p. m. *
A compiler of statistics is authority for
the statement that less than WO persona
out of every 1.000.000 die from old age. Out
of that number 48.000 are victims of scar
let fever. 30.000 of typhoid and kindred
fevers, 20.000 of whooping cough, 1.5.000 of
measles, 751 X) of consumption, 7'«»> of rheu
matism and the same number of erysipe
las, while 2700 are carried off by apoplexy
and 1200 are victims of gout.
Northern Pacific Railway.
First-class rate as well as second class re
duced 75 per cent to all points In Montana. Min
nesota and the Eastern States. Equant serv
ice, dlnin X cars on every train. Only "neoper
ntlng through upholstered tourist cars T. K.
STATELER. G. A.. C3S Market St., b. F.
First and Second
Class rates again reduced via the Santa F«
SSZL "all at the new ticket office. 62S Market.
Pewey is a temperance man and knows what
Dr. Siegerfs Angostura Bitters did to brae«
him up at Manila.
The shawl of shawls belongs to the
duchess ol Northumbeiiand. Ihe London
Lady thus describes the article: It form
orlvbolonppd to Charlos X of France and
was manufactured entirely from the fur
of Persian cats. Many thousands ot cats
skins were utilized and the weaving occu
pied some years. The shawl measure^
eight feet square, but is so fine that it
cm be compressed Into the space of a
large coffee cup."
ADVERTISEMENTS.^
Baking Powder
Most healthful
leavener in
the world.
Goes farther.
ROYAL BAKING POWPEW CO., NEW YORK.STOLE THE
CHILD FROM
HER MOTHER
B. Contreras Had the
Missing Girl.
THOUGHT HER NEGLECTED
THE HARD LIFE OF GUADA
LOUPE SATO.
Xane Society Officers Locate Her
After Three Weeks' Search.
Will Be Put in ac
Institution.
" 'Special Officer Boden of the Kane soci
ety last evening found Guudaloupe Sato,
the little girl who disappeared from her
; home at 73T> Broadway on the sth lnst.
.She was stolen from her mother on that
• day by B. Contreras, a cook, who has
kept her at different places since that
• time. •
•.[.The little girl had been attending the
.Broadway school and her m selected ap
• pearance caused the teacher to speak to
• the mother, who said she was too ill to
■.take care of the child. On the day in
• question the girl came to school with a
. b.a-dly cut forehead which had been plast
'■■emi with tar. She told the teacher that
• her step-sister had thrown her down
ptairs. The child was sent home, where
. the wound was then dressed with lime
• which burned the skin. About 5 o'clock
• <5f the same evening Guadaloupe went to
the house of Miss Alvarez, at 7214 Broad
'•:.\va>:, and complained that she was hun
gry, Miss Alvarez fed her and afterward
.-..(he' child disappeared.
; -The case was reported to the Kane so
ciety, and Officer Boden was detailed to
•J Investigate It. Through information fur
.■ nislied by Father Santandreu the
V child was traced to 122 Trenton street,
• w.here B. Contreras, the abductor, was
living with a woman named Mercedes
■ Verduco. Five days ago Contreraa took
.7 the child to Sir. Stockton street, where
"Ehe was found last night.
= : . "Th<* mother of the child was arrested
•"Thursday on a warrant sworn to by Con
tferas, charging her with robbing him
.t>f $100. At the prison she gave the name
<vf' Sf nora Guerrero.
■ •-. -Ce>ntreras was not at the house when
•..fhf child was taken away, but the ofß
cr-rs are looking for him in order to get
" h!s. statement. It is claimed that his rea-
• king the girl was that he be
- the mother was not a fit person to
r her. The child was booked at
Ity Prison for a public institution
and will probably be taken to the Sis
■ Irphan Asylum, where one of her
THE PROFESSIONAL
WOMAN'S CLUB HOUSE
ALHAMBRA THEATER BENEFIT
' . FOR BUILDING FUND.
.•"• " —
Active Women in the Arts and Pro
•; fessions to Have a Thoroughly
; ■ . "•' Equipped Horne — The
Club's Objects.
■: The Woman's Professional and Unlver
•- city Club is to be tendered a benefit by the
management of the Alhambra Theater
■Wednesday evening. September 14th. The
.object of the club is to found a modern,
comfortable and permanent abiding place
• for professional women, also members of
other clubs, and for students desiring all
the conveniences of a first-class hotel,
With the assured seclusion and protection
' of a home, at figures within the reach of
all.
.'■ The club has undertaken to raise $10,000
-to be used in remodeling and fitting up a
' .handsome downtown residence which has
'..been selected as a home for the organiza- |
tion. The building will be enlarged and I
•Equipped to meet the requirements of 200
' resident members, The upper floor will
■ -be fitted for art studios, music rooms, etc.,
and it is stated that the Sketch Club and
the Woman's Saturday Afternoon Or
chestra will make the club their head
quarters. The building is to be provided
with- all the modern improvements and a
first-class cuisine will be a feature.
'•'•The ladies wish It understood that their
club, which now numbers among its mem
bers the foremost professional women.
students of the drama and music and !
■ -teachers of this city and Oakland, is not
a charitable institution. They are all !
• busy .workers and propose to handle the ]
• . undertaking in a business manner. In I
.their efforts they will have the assistance !
. of the Press, Bohemian and Pacific Union
dubs. There is every indication that the j
.. enterprise will be a success.
—•-.
• ' 51. 50 Excursion to Cazadero.
. ■ To-morrow (Sunday), via 8 a. m. Sausallto '
ferry, where tickets will be sold. Reserved j
Beats In special roaches on application to N.
. P. C. R. R., 14 Sansome st. (office closes at
1 hoon to-day), and at 333 O'Farrell Ft., until 3
". to-night. Will stop at Camp Meeker, Russian
■ '• River, Duncan's Slills and Elim Grove.
'• • ■ ♦ ■
SHOPLIFTERS IN COURT.
The cases of Tillie Pels and Ella Shear
• er.the two young women arrested in the
■ Emporium last Saturday evening for
shoplifting, were heard by Judge Mo
• gan yesterday afternoon. Attorney Long
appeared ac special prosecutor, and the
• defendants were represented by counsel.
■. The evidence for the prosecution was
clear. The Feis girl then took the stand
•and threw the whole blame upon her
companion. Ella was so indignant that
she asked permission of the Judge to re
: tire until Miss Pels' examination was
.over, and when she took the stand she
accepted her share of the blame, but de
clared that Miss Ffis was as guilty as
herself, if not more so.
The Judge Bald he had no other re
course but to find the defendants guilty.
'• The law was not revengeful, but was in
■ -^lln'-d to be merciful when the occasion
•■ arosf. He did not therefore like the idea
.•of sending the young girls to jail, as it
was their llrst offense, and he would
• give them a chance to repent and mend
their ways. The cases were continued
for a week to sec how the girls would act
"" meantime.
There Is Always
. Something good in the News Letter to
day as usual. •
'. . Patriotic Praise Service.
The last of the f-eries of patriotic mnss
'. meetings at the Young Men's Christian
• Association Auditorium will be held to
morroT.' afternoon at 3 o'clock. The Knic
kerbocker male quartet has provided the
: programme, assisted by Mrs. Eva Tenney
(soprano) Miss Xena Roberts (contralto).
Miss Nellie Shipley (cornist), Miss Alice
M ' Woods (violinist), Miss R. Frances
Lucy (reader) and Roscoe Warren Lucy
' (accompanist). A most delightful pro
gramme has been arranged. The public
is cordially invited to attend.
' 5c delicious wines draw largecrowds and large
family orders. Mohns & Kaltenbach, 23 Market.
Services at St. Ignatius.
At St. Ignatius Church next Sunday
Rev. Vincent Chiappa, S. J., of Los Gatoa
will deliver the sermon at the 10:30 o'clock
•mass, and in the evening a sermon on
"The Reality of Hell" will be preached
by Rev. Henry Woods, S. J.
The members of the Ladies' Sodality
will meet for the present in tho chapel of
the Gentlemen's Sodality. No change has
been made in the hour of meeting.
Try the "Koh-I-Noor" lead pencil and
you will have no further use for others. •
A CLEVER PLAYWRIGHT.
Mrs. Romualdo Pacheco, Whose Theatrical
Compositions Have Achieved Success.
Mrs. Romualdo Pacheco, a lady who has achieved a marked degree
of success In plays composed by her. arrived in town on Thursday and
has taken apartments at the Occidental. Mrs. Pacheco needs no intro
duction to the people of California, for her home has been here for
many years, and she is well known for her strong intellectuality and
grai iou.s manner. She has come here to supervise tho production of her
latest play, "The Leading Man," which will serve to open the Bush
Street Theater, rechristened i!;> i "Comedy," on Friday, September 2. She
a capable and Intelligent company of players, which she
hopes to make a permanency for the interpretation of plays of her own
composition.
•' "The Leading Man.' " said Mrs. Pachtco. "is my latest comedy, and
■was written originally for Mr. Nat Goodwin, with whom I had a signed
contract. He had an curlier contract, however, with Madeleine Lucette
Ryley, and as the play written by her was an emphatic success he re
linquished his claim on mine. I rather regretted the occurrence, as I
should have liked Mr. Goodwin to interpret the principal role, for I con
sider him one of the foremost comedians. The play is a society corned y
ln four acts, the scene being laid in two country bouses in Westchester
County. The hero is an actor at a swell theater and^lt is a part that
requires great powers. This I have intrusted to Mr. Brigham Royce. an
actor unknown to these parts, but fully capable of rendering justice to
the character. My leading lady will be Misa Carina Jordan, who, in ad
dition to being :m intelligent actress, is a playwright as well, having
had a play accepted by Richard Mansfield.
"Many of my Eastern friends Questioned the wisdom of bringing my
company to San Francisco for initial productions, but I am so nearly
related to California by home ties that I resolved to let her set either her
seal of approval or disapproval on my humble efforts, feeling confident
that I will receive Justice at her hands.
"As to the manner of writing plays. I hnve no particular system. I
start with a central idea and the rest comes without any apparent ef
fort. I wrote the first act of 'The leading Man' in two hours, and
having read it to my husband he said that if the other acts should prove
as good as the first the play would be a success. I earnestly hope it
will."
The other plays which will be given by the Pacheco company will be
"Woman's Wit," "American Assurance," which is the old play "Nothing
But Money" improved, and which had a large measure of success some
years ago. Mrs. Pacheco also intends to purchase the rights of another
one of her plays, "Incog," now held by Charles Dickson, and that will
be added to the repertoire of her company.
RING FATALITY
BARELY AVERTED
Meagerly Padded Floors
Are Dangerous.
THE KNOCKDOWN WAS HEARD
ED LYNCH'S SKULL. NEARLY
FRACTURED BY A FALL.
Gus Koster Vanquishes the Former
in Short Order — Throe-Round
Bouts That Proved In
teresting.
Ous Koster of the San Francisco Ath
letic Club still retains the title of ama
teur champion middle-weight of the Pa
cific Coast. Ed Lynch of the California
Athletic and Swimming Club essayed to
deprive him of that honor last night be
fore the members and friends of the
Manhattan Athletic Club, with nearly
dire results to himself and to boxing in
this city.
A love tap administered by Gus' dex
terous left sent him on his back, and as
his head struck the poorly padded floor
the impart could be heard all over the
gymnasium. Lynch' fl chances of winning
were slightly dimmed by the left swing,
but the bump he received in falling sent
him to dreamland. Sergeant Blank then
jumped Into the ring and stopped hos
tilities.
The fight was short and crisp. Roth
men entered the ring strengthening their
vulnerable points by chewing gum. Ref
eree Conroy admonished them in the |
proper manner, and as tfce gong sound- !
ed both men spat out their gum and !
the sport began. Lynch rushed and land- !
ed a light tup, and Koster sent him to
the floor with a left Jolt. Lynch arose
and sparred a while and then led again. ;
This time Koster was ready for him and '
landed a left hook on the jaw. Lynch I
was dazed by the blow, and mechanically i
raised his hands, when Koster swung
again. The glove landed on the chin. !
and the California Club's pride went to
the door with a bang. The vanquished
pugilist showed marvelous grit. Tho
bump on the head would have settled ■
nine out of ten men, but Lynch stag
gered to his feet dazed and beaten.
The police sprang forward at t.hia mo- i
merit, fearing that he had sustained I
grievous injuries. Koster was either mer
ciless or "rattled," for he tried to finish i
his rival with another left. Had his arm |
not been arrested by Sergeant Blank an- I
other ring ffitallty would have been re- '
corded, as Lynch was past the point of i
defending himself.
Even when the latter a seconds led him
to his seat to revive him he was closely
inspected by Lieutenant Price and his as- I
sistants.
The Call has always advocated padding
in the ring, well knowing its attendant
dangers. All clubs have heeded the sug
gestion, but many have only lightly I
padded their arenas. A little more felt I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 27, 1898.
under the Manhattan's canvas would not
be at all expensive.
Chief Lees' attention has repeatedly
drawn to the lack of padding in the
arenas of these mushroom clubs, but it
would Beem that he has paid little heed
to the warning. As has already been said
in these columns, he will awake some
morning and learn of the death of some
youngster through his negligence in not
instructing his officers to examine the
condition of the ring. Two inches of
boiler-felt padding is sufficient to prevent
a fatality, and it is hoped that the cnief
of Police will see that it is provided in the
future.
Three-round bouts were indulged in by
Muller and lAagee, Porter and McLaugh
l!n. Pierce and Graff. Korn and Higgijis,
Therbel and Lucy, M(T*evitt and Yam,
Devir.e and Wiggins. James Lazelle en
tertained the crowd with his perch act.
EXCURSION TO MONTEREY.
Great Interest in the Big Excursion
to Take Place Sunday, Septem
ber 4—lnteresting4 — Interesting Programme
of Old-Time Spanish
Sports.
One week from next Sunday, Septem
ber 4, the Southern Pacific will send
out a notable excursion train to Mon
terey which has been the talk of the
town for some w r ecks.
Aside from the usual attractions of
Hotel del Monte, Monterey .and Pacific
Grove, the citizens of Monterey have
arranged an elaborate programme of
old-time Spanish sports which will he
given at Recreation Park in Monterey
and be free to all.
The programme will consist of ex
pert bronco riding, lassoing wild steers,
riding a wild buffalo, bucking horse ex
hibition, rooster grabbing, etc.
Excursion tickets will be sold at the
very low rate of $2 for the round trip
and trains will leave Third and Town
send street depot at 7:30 a. m. The
excursion will be under the supervision
of Colonel William H. Menton, the
well-known excursion passenger agent
of the Southern Pacific Company.
The comfort and pleasure of the ex
cursionists will bo woll locked after.
AGAINST CALIFORNIA FRUITS.
j. a. Filcher, manager of the California
State Board of Trade, has forwarded to
Secretary of State Day a long communi
cation which includes a resolution recent
ly passed by the board with reference
to the action of the Swiss Federal Coun
cil. According to the information the
latter body passed a decree prohibiting
the importation into that country of all
unpeeled American fruits. The resolution
states that the Swiss tariff on imports
of canned and dried fruits and vegetables
ia prohibitory and made solely in the in
terests of a single Swiss cannery that
now imports its fruits from France, Ger
many and Italy. Such embargoes placed
(in American canned and dried fruits are
particularly inimical to the interests of
California." As the Swiss Government is
now seeking to conclude a reciprocity
treaty with the United States the board
wets forth ite position and requests In
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the California State Hoard of
Trade asks ul the State Department at Wash
ington, D. C, such prompt and energetic action
as may be deemed requisite and necessary, to
the end that the evils herein mentioned may be
corrected and that adequate privilege may be
furnished the dried or cured fruit and the
canned fruit and vegetable Industries of Cali
fornia and of the United States.
The resolution ia accompanied by a long
scientific article which clearly shows that
nearly all of the fruit pests that have
annoyed the California growers have been
destroyed, and that the Swiss Govern
ment has no cause for fear, because the
process of curing destroys all insect life
in the fruit
MERCHANTS
HAVE ENTERED
A PROTEST
Oppose the Slashing
of Freight Rates.
BY THE CANADIAN PACIFIC
SAY IT IS INIMICAL TO OUR
COMMERCIAL INTERESTS.
An Earnest Appeal for Relief Made
to Sir William Van Home,
President of the
Road.
Tha wholesale merchants of this city
have decided to take a hand in the freight
rate cutting controversy which is now
agitating the various transcontinental
lines.
The commercial bodies of San Francis
co, without wishing to take tildes in the
controversy, but simply to protect their
own interests, held a meeting in this city
the early part of this week and adopted
a series of resolutions which have been
forwarded to Sir William C. Van Home,
president of the Canadian Pacific Railway
Co., at Montreal, respectfully calling his
attention to how he is Jeopardizing the
values of the stocks of goods on the Pa
cific Coast and suggesting to him the ad
visability of adopting a system of rate
making that will relieve the situation of
the present precarious condition and
maintain transcontinental freight rates
on a firmer basis.
There were represented at the meeting
the following associations:
Wholesale Grocers' Association of Cali
fornia; Wholesale Dry Goods Traffic As
sociation; Wholesale I>rug Trade of Cali
fornia; Wholesale Paper Trade of the Pa
cific Coast; Paciiic Coast Hardware and
Metal Association.
Resolutions were adopted as follows:
Sir William C. Van Home, ■President Cana
dian Pacific Railway Company, Montreal,
Canada— Dear Sir: At a meeting of the duly
authorized delegates from the principal Job
bing interests and associations of this city,
held on the ISth of this month, the following
resolution was unanimously passed:
■'Whereas. The present system of rate-mak
ing on transcontinental shipments to Pan Fran
cisco enforced by the Canadian Pacific Hall
way is In our opinion prejudicial to the busi
ness Interests of San Fr.inci^co and the Pacific
Coast generally. Inasmuch a-s paid system occa
■lona instability of transcontinental freight
rates, thereby placing the value of our stocks
of goods in Jeopardy; and, whereas, the other
railways occupying a povltkn. so far aa San
Franciaoo traffic Is concerned, analogous to that
of the Canadian Pacific Railway, are main
taining the rates adopted by the American
Transcontinental Railways, as shown in trans
continental freight bureau west-bound tariff :
No. 1-C, be it
"Resolved, That a committee consisting of
one from each and every jobbing lnter-st re
presented at this meeting b>; selected by the |
chairman to plve expression to these our views
to the Canadian Pacific Railway Company,
through Its president. Blr William C. %an
Borne, and to request that said company adopt j
a system of rate-making to San Francisco that ■
will relieve the situation of the present precar
ious conditions and maintain transcontinental
freight rates on a firm basis, believing th.it
■ticb an arrangement will redound to the best ;
Interests not only of the mercantile community j
of the Pacific Coast, but to the Canadian Pa- I
ciflc Railway aa well."
All of which 1b respectfully submitted, with
the request that you kindly acknowledge re- ,
celpt of this communication.
A. prominent business man who has tak- •
en a great Interest has this tv say on the i
subject, and he voices the sentiments of
many other merchants:
"The question of transcontinental ;
freight rates has bpen one that the mer
chants of the Pacific Coast have be<n !
considering very carefully ever since the
Milwaukee tariff was adopted June 21.
The attitude of the Canadian Pacific Hail
way Company has made the Importation
of large stocks of merchandise to the Pa- i
cific Coast an extra hazardous one, as the I
American roads could little longer brook
the rate cutting of the Canadian Pacltlc
Railway Co., and it was only a question
of time when a rate war would be de
clared that would be very disastrous, not
only to the railroad companies themselvi B,
but to the Pacific Coast patrons who have
large stocks of goods vn hand which
would be depreciated greatly in value by
a reduction in freight rates.
"The Pacific Coast merchants have con
sidered the attitude of the Canadian Pa
cific Railway Co. as unfair, not only to
American railroad Interests, but to the
mercantile community of the Pacific j
Coast, as It has placed in jeopardy the j
value of the entire stocks of gooda on
hand In the stores and warehouses on this j
coaft. . 
"That the public may understand the ;
exact attitude of the Canadian Pacific in >
this matter by way of explanation I
would pay that the Canadian Pacific Rail
way Co. "have insisted on always making
a 10 p< r cr-nt lower rate than the Ameri
can mads, which they claim as a "differ
ential " and that the American roads !
have conceded that to them. These are |
not the facts. The American roads have i
not "conceded" anything. The CanadJ m
Pacific Railway Co. has arbitrarily in
sisted on maintaining- that differential.
"In other words, a foreign-built road,
subsidized by their Home Government,
that will make Rood any losses that might
be brought about by a rate war. is at
tempting to force American railroads to
carry American manufactured poods for
American merchants at a higher rate
than this foreign road is charging."
P. J. CORBETT'S ESTATE.
Letters of Administration TJpcn It
Issued by Judge Troutt.
Joseph J. Corbett was granted letters of
administration yesterday upon the estate
of his father. Patrick J. Corbett. who, on
the 10th inst., shot his wife while she >
slept and then took his own life. In the
petition for letters of administration It is
claimed that the estate consists solely of
a livery Btable at 538 Hayes street. Sev
eral witnesses were heard and Judge
Troutt granted the petition.
A petition for letters of administration
upon the estate of Mrs. Catherine Corbett,
wife of Patrick J. Corbett, was also filed,
but has not yet been heard. The petition
er. Frank J. Corbett. states that the es
tate of decedent consists of a lot of land
in area DO by 100 feet, situated on Hayes
street, between Octavia and Lagnna. to
gether with improvements, all valued at
about $lf>.000; money on deposit in the Hl
bernia Bank amounting- to $2547, and
money on deposit in the German Savings
Bank amounting to $353 93.
The nearest of kin are the ten children
of the decedents: Frank J. Corbett, Har
ry E Corbett, Esther Corbett, James J.
Corbett. John P. Corbett, Theresa Boyd,
Mary King. Katherine Corbett, Joseph J.
Corbett and Thomas Corbett.
United Labor Party.
William I*. Grace, chairman of the
United Labor party, called the executive
committee of the State together last
night at 1211 Market street for the pur
pose of making arrangements for the
holding of the State convention. After
an exchange of opinions by those present
it was decided to call the convention In
this city during the second week of Sep
tember," at which a full State ticket will
be nominated.
The party claims a full representation
and the right to nominate a ticket by rea
son of receiving 3 per cent of all the votes
cast at the charter election held in this
city a few months ago.
The Biggest Bicycle in the World.
A German has Just completed a bicycle that
has one wheel nine feet in diameter. Two i«k>
jile ride it— one on each side of the monater
wheel. It runs as easily as a smaller bicycle
because of its scientific construction. The sci
entific formula of Unstetter'a Stomach Bitters
Is the reason of Its great virtues in making the
v.eak ptrong and in curing moat of the every
day ailments of men and women. If your
health la poor, try a bottle.
WILL BE SUBMITTED
TO ARBITRATION
FREIGHT BATE QUESTION TO
BE SETTLED AMICABLY.
One Member of the Committee to Be
Chosen by the Canadian Line,
a Second by .American
Roads.
Vice President Stubbs and Freight
Traffic Manager William Sproule of the
Southern Pacific Company returned last
night from Denver, where they have been
attending the meeting of the Transconti
nental Freight Association. As has
been anticipated, the officials at the con
ference decided to adjust the freight rate
difficulty in an amicable manner and to
the best interests of all concerned, and to
that end the officials concluded that the
best way to settle the question was to
submit it to a board of arbitration, which
will have full power to act in the prem
ises. The Canadian Pacific Railway,
which had M. M. Stern as spnki-sman,
will be allowed one representative on the
committee, the American roads will
choose one, and these two will pick out
a third man to arbitrate the matter.
"It was* a thoroughly harmonious meet
ing," said Mr. Stub'ns. "and it appeared
to be the sense of all the officials pres
ent to settle the trouble as soon as pos
sible, and arbitration was voted to be
tho best method of .solution. I do not
know who the members of the arbitra
tion committee will be. but undoubtedly
they will be men who are thoroughly fa
miliar with the question in all its details. !
Neither do I know on what basis the
settlement will be made, for that will
be a matter for the three gentlemen to
decide."
Inquiry In other railroad quarters fail
ed to develop any further information
in that connection. There was a re
port circulated that the two members of
the committee would be K. T. Jeffries,
president of the Denver and Rio Grande,
representing the American lines, and
Robert Kerr, traffic manager of tho Ca- j
nadian Pacific, for the lines west of Lake
Superior. The report could not be con
firmed, however. It was also said on
the street that if the arbitration com
mittee were to recommend that the dif- j
ferential of 10 per cent now enjoyed by
the foreign line were to be reduced to
3 per cent it would meet with the ap
proval of the American lines.
The question of passenger rates was
not touched upon at nil In the confm-
er.ro, notwithstanding the telegraphic re
ports to the contrary, and the subject
was left in abeyance.
Discounted Their Warrants.
Salary warrants of registration officers
to the number of 909 were distributed Fri
day, and as there was no money in the
general fund to pay th.-m more than 800
were sold to brokers at a discount of $2
on MO.
ADVFRTISEMENTS.
THE ILLS OF WOMEN
And How Mrs. Pinkham Helps
Overcome Them.
Mrs. Mart B*>ixinger, 1101 Marianna
St., Chicago, 111., to Mrs. Pinkham:
"I have been troubled for the past
two years with falling of the womb,
leucorrhoea, pains over my body, sick
headaches, backache, nervousness and
weakness. I tried doctors and various
remedies without relief. After taking
two bottles of your Vegetable Com-
pound, the relief I obtained was truly
wonderful. I have now taken several
more bottles of your famous medicine,
and can say that I am entirely cured."
Mrs. He>ry Dorb, No. 606 Findley St.,
Cincinnati, Ohio, to Mrs. Pinkham:
"For a long time I suffered with
chronic inflammation of the womb,
pain in abdomen and bearing-down
feeling. Was very nervous at times, and
so weak I was hardly able to do any-
thing. Was subject to headaches, also
troubled with leucorrhoea. After doc-
toring for many months with different
physicians, and getting no relief, I had
given up all hope of being well
again when I read of the great good
Lydia B. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound was doing. I decided immedi-
ate^' to give it a trial. The result was
simply past belief. After taking four
bottles of Vegetable Compound and
using three packages of Sanative Wash
I can say I feel like a new woman I
deem it my duty to announce the fact
to my fellow sufferers that Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable remedies have
entirely cured me of all my pains and
suffering. I have her alone to thank
for my recovery, for which I am grate-
ful. May heaven bless her for the
good work she is doing for our sex."
NOTICE !
The mattrr of the confirmation of the pales
of the Hale Estate propertien. Nos. 314 to 324
Oak street. 137^x120 feet, and 6 houses and
Fait Marsh and Tide Lands will come before
Judfre J. V. Coffey, City Hall, TUESDAY. 10
o'clock a. m.. August 30. 1898. Increased bide
will be received at our office.
G. H. UMBSBM & CO.,
Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery street.
"**^«^ TiffFAMA Is the new discovery
j/g/^^wrest and lU><lr € - DREAMA
C J^^^^ curea bad dreams, dys-
Av%^ pepela, horrible
I dreams. s^^>»^fc>^^^dTeamß, head-
I nlgrht Mlv- S *^VO^k S *»^ acho
sUns, nightmare. J^^^^
Take at r:l*rht. If not:
cured money refunded. 25c •^^
a box. DREAMA CO. Sold by ,^v^T
GRAWT'3 BALPWIW PHARMACY. Ny
<^^g TheRALSTONSTILL
j if" ft "&\ Is the only one made that
' lusJSS&i-^ a W will rurni6h absolutely
• PU DRINKING WATER.
'"^^VHW Indorsed by the Ralston
JrSßSs=«^*9 v- Health Club. Send or call
• M^®sS* kOt for particulars.
l=lbP^^^?-^ THE JUSTINIAN CAIBB CO.,
£Jiifvmf?3§ril U Sole Agents,
rcfHfflSatJtflMiref*^* 681 Msrkat St.. Baa Francisco.
DR.MTOJLTY:
nmifi WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
1 Speclallstcwre* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20y'rs' experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonnble. ll ours 9
to3dally;a:3otoB:3oeVgs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and confidential. Call,oraddreas
I>r. P. KOBCOE McXCLTY, ■■' -?■ \
86H Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal.
Baja California
MM lAN A BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodislae and specific tonlo
for the sexual and ; urinary organs -of * both
eexes and a great remedy for diseases- of the
kidneys and : bladder. A treat Restorative.
Invicbrator > and Nervine. Sells on Its . own
Merits: no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents, ;-
823 Market street. 3. F.— (Send for Circular.)
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, v
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.—
modeled' and renovated.. KING. WARD &
CO. > European '■ plan. '■'■: Rooms : 60c to $1 50 day,
V' to $8 week, $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates In every
room; elevator. runs all night.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
concert to=day 2 to 5
Bruck's famous Boston Orchestra
in its new quarters on our new band stand
and a program of extra strength.
(ask for a musical program at the door.)
Come in to-day if it's only to look round — come in if it'^s
only just to see how.we're growing— come in if it's only to
show your friends what Frisco's busy store really is.
pillow cases. "In
200 dozen hemmed pillow cases of heavy quality muslin, 4Gx36— and weV a J y
came for house linens each
flannelettes Afl
2000 yards, In fancy stripes and light colors -..yard "TU
all-silk ribbons.
riain and molrp taffeta ribbons. In asserted colors— light and dark, greens, fhft
yellow, orange, com, navy, brown, purple, nile, gray, cardinal, etc.; No. 40, |ij(j
3>i Inches wide var<l
No. 60. 4 inches wide > - ard IJ>C
dollar glove.
Two-clasp, in all shades, 5^ to 7%, warranted and fitted; one of the .best ladies'
Menus' on*4laUP*Pf«» walking glove. In red. oxblood and brown, all g |J !
sizes
notions.
Black enamel darners -,; • ; ' ' " ", ; l*V*V. \ ; • 5C5 C
tide supporters, in black and white, lisle elastic and button clasp pair .»o
Whalebone casing. 3 yards to a piece, enough for one dress, in blue, pink, red,
black and gray piece 4c
ladies' hese (fancy French). QC
in a large variety of patterns; regular value 50c to $1; only a few of each OJR
variety so we close them out pair
ladies' handkerchiefs. 7oT
60 dozen, Swiss embroidered, scalloped edge I2U
latest belt novelty. $1«35
The crushed belt— a broad ribbon, say 5 Inches wide, of rich silk— worn to
straight in back and gathered In front; fancy buckles, rich, In tur- <{jo f-rk
quoise, sapphire, emerald and other shades «p«*»«JV
cresco corset.
Warranted never to break at the waist line— you get another pair free if
they do— made of heavy Jean, strong bones all through, easy and com- O"l
fortable. in three lengths, long, medium and short; black and drab; all Q|,U|J
sizes of course
new veilings, ribbons, laces, garters, hosiery.
937-939-94«-943-945=947 Market St.
AMUSEMENTS. j
BALDWIN THEATER.
This Week Only— Matinee TO-DAY.
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
MR. HENRY MILLER
In the Romantic Comedy,
HEARTSEASE.
Next Week— Henry Miller In "The Master."
COLUMBIA THEATER.
THIS WEEK ONLY— MATINEE TO-DAY.
.".FRAWLEY COMPANY.'.
First Time Here of W. 11. Crane's Comedy,
"ON PROBATION !"
A Delightful Play— Effectively Cast.
Next Monday— "THE RAJAH."
IOROSCO'S GRANDS
Waltki; Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Main 532
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . ioc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
WEEK OF AUGUST 22, 1593.
Initial Production of the Sensational Scenic
Melodrama,
ORDEAL OF
TWO SISTERS!
By Dr. D. T. Callahan, Author of "The Legion \
of Honor." and Louis A. Imhaus.
Fulton Ferry, with the Great Brooklyn Bridge,
Boats and Ferries Crossing the River.
Central Park by Moonlight!
Great Double Fire Scenet j
Steam Fire Engine, Drawn by Two Horses!
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY). AUG. 27.
Parquet, Any Seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren. lip. Any Part.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
MME. TAVARY, World-Famous Prima Donna.
SEE THE GREAT HEGELMANNS.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
LILLIAN BURKHART AND COMPANY, IN
"THE SALT-CELLAR." ; : -
TEN GREAT SPECIALTIES.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY. SATURDAY AND
SUNDAY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine: Kreling, Proprietor and Manager.
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 1:45,
THIS EVENING— LAST TIMES.
Ponchielll's Romantic Grand Opera,
**JUf\ GIOCONDA I"
TO-MORROW NIGHT, by Universal Desire,
"FAUST."
NEXT WEEK— Monday. Wednesday, Friday
and Saturday, "MIGNON." Tuesday, Thurs-
day and Sunday Evenings, Bpeclal Saturday
Matinee. "PAGLIACCI" AND "RUSTI-
CANA."
Popular Prices, 25c and 60c. N. B.— A re-
served seat for the matinee, 25c. Telephone
Bush 9. ' ■ ■
ALCAZARITHEATER,
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY— LAST TIME OF
LEWIS MORRISON.
THE MERCHANTOF VENICE
MONDAY NIGHT— New Alcazar Stock
In the "BUTTERFLIES."
SEATS NOW *ON SALE.
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY, AUGUST 27-28.
THE EVENT OF THE SEASON.
CHAMPION PUPPY STAKE.
CRACKAJACK OPEN STAKE.
OVER $1000 IN PRIZES!
TRAIN SERVICE.
Loaves Third and Townsend streets Saturday,
1 p. m.; Sunday, 11 a. m., 12 m., 1 and 2 p. m. ;
Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets 5 . minutes
later. Returning, leaves park Immediately after
last course. Extra train from park on Sun-
day, 4:45 p. ni. San ; Mateo electric cars every
10 minutes. 25c- £.ADIES FREE.
ADMISSION, 25c. LADIES FREE^
SUTRO_BATHS.
SUNDAY, AUG. 28, AT 3:20 P. M.
WORLDS CHAMPIONSHIP, 880 YARDS
. BETWEEN
SID CAVILL Champion of , Australia,
And R. B. CORNELL. Pacific Coast Champion.
•.,.-.-.' FOR A $500 PURSE.
This Is the Final Race of the Series Between
Sid Cavill and R. B. Cornell forth* .
• Championship. Also
IMMENSE AQUATIC BILL.
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN, 50.
AI VUDIi Eddy, cor. Mason— Last •- week of
ULIITIriATHE GREAT ROYAL TOKIO
ACROBATIC WONDERS, Jugglers and Acro-
bats; KELLY & VIOLET; DARRELL & MIL-
LER. ROCKWELL. ROYCE - SISTERS and
others. j Admission free. Matinee i Sunday. .
Baseball !
RECREATION ;: PARK.
; OAKLAND : VS. i STOCKTON,
- - TO-DAY AT ; S P. M. :
; ADMISSION, 85c. ■;€
AMUSEMENTS.
THE RED. WHITE AND BLUE WILL
MINGLE WITH THE GREEN.
UNITED STATES" VOLUNTEERS'
DAY AND NIGHT
IRISHFAIR
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
Doors open 1 to 5:30, 7 to 10:30 p. m. to-day.
Ladles Souvenir Spoon Matinee to-day.
Every lady purchasing a ticket at the box
office to-day receives one of those beautiful
Harp and Shamrock Irish Fair Souvenir Spoons.
Everybody delighted with these presents. Worth
more than the price of admission.
. Special entertainment this afternoon for
ladles and children on the big stage. Children's
fancy dances, poeings, songs and dances and
Fairy Ballets, under the direction of Mrs. L.
Honn.
Bennett's Band Concerts.
To-night U. S. Volunteer night. Every sol-
dier in uniform admitted free. Eighth Regi-
ment California Volunteers present and recep-
tion. Three Bands. Illustrated pictures and
songs. Battle of Santiago, Manila and Cuban
War, • reproduced by pictures and music.
Monday, August 29, Connaught Province;
Tuesday, August 30, Ladies' Societies; August
31. A. O. H. Day; Thursday, September 1.
Ulster Day; Friday, September 2, League of
the Cross Night; Saturday, September 3, Gov-
ernor's Night. Afternoon. Baby Show. •
I If you miss seeing Blarney Cat-tie, the Old
Irish Dancing School, Klllarney Dingle, Tara
Hall, Rocky Road to Dublin. Round Tower of
KieU, Cong Abbey, the Irish Postofflce, Lim-
I crick Races, Irish Gypsy Encampment, Art
Collection in the Art Gallery and Theater, Silk
I Looms in operation. Bohemian Glass Blowers.
Shamrock Inn, Knights of the Red Branch
Castle, Bank of Ireland, St. Patrick's Alliance
of America Booth, the American Booth, St.
Patrick's Mutual Alliance, in fact the many
attractions of the biggest exposition ever held
in this city, you will regret it.
Come and stand on the Old Sod and ride In
the Irish Jaunting Car. The Map of Ireland
and Its charming young ladies in charge is the
place where every one goes who visits the Fair.
ADMISSION, 25c. CHILDREN. 10c.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
A MATINEE EVERY DAY!
VISIT THE CAMERA OBSCURA!
LARGEST AND MOST PERFECT EVER
# BUILT.
GREAT SHOW IN THE FREE THEATER.
CANNON, THE 613 POUNDER. STILL BOOMS
BEE SULTANA AND HER 3 BABY LIONS
AND AN ALLIGATOR IN THE ZOO!
10c, including Zoo and Theater; Children. So.
y^\ ■ vr — /vAv ■ \///s\. **\il_^* nix
EXCURSION RATES ON RAILROADS
nnYTFALh 7O EXHIBIT
jJUNrrAnj TO attend
.SECRETARY.*; V RES.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
'^•CAW PO SOT DESPAIR ! Do notSuf-
: jSSMJSf^k rer Longer! The jots and ambitions of
i*S3»*SEsl life can be restored to you. The very
?»/ ' BtS worstcasesof Xervona Debility' ar«
a absolutely DESPAIR ! Do not Suf-
fer Longer! The Joys and ambitions of
Ufa can be restored to you. The very
worst cases of Nervous Debility ar»
absolutely ourfd by PF.RFECTO
* Q?""?' TABLETS. Give prompt relief to In-
VSC " •^ggJJJ somnia, failing memory and the mitt
Jg^aggV and drain of vital powers, incurred by
'TAKiiir indiscretions or excesses of early years.
. t-^NJESa^;. Impart Tigor and potency to every func-
tion ■ Brace tip the system. - Give j^^\_ bloom to. th«
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of ArfY\ .young or old.
One 40e box renews vital energy fJ'ASJC boxes at
53. 50 a complete guaranteed cure V-TSs^ or money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest /'•«•' pocket. Bold
everywhere, or mailed In plain wrapper on receipt of
price by TUB PEBFKITO CO.. Caxloa BJdg., Chicago, IIL
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. San Fran, and Oakland.
fffi| ChlehMter'a Eacilah Diamond Brand. "--
PCfcleheater's EneUsb Diamond Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
B : /gv ■■ - • Original and Only Genuine. ■ A
•VCy**>N." »*FK, »lw»J» r«Ji»bl«. • L*Ol£» Ut yfi\
AypJQllPkil™'J'Hr-inrf in Bcd'and Enclith Dia-JfZ%\
jUa»L«aC3HaS mumi Bmnd In Bed and Cold mcullla \\£7
"fcv^—ZTfiwboxes, sealed with blue ribbon. Take \Sr •'
■f&k HoJno other. Kefust dangerw nUtitu- V
1 I - 1 ,^T- fifhons and imitation. At Draggtiu, or (end 4*. I
.IW ;■ JJf in itumr" f-T poriicuUri, t«at!monl»l» •« 1 :
I «B* i ' *fa "Relief for Ladles," in Utter, by rrtam '■■: ~
_V^ ■ Fr Mall- 10,000 Testimonials. Kaan Paper. ■'
i -^OM>he»terCheßdcalCo.,ffodl»oc Honart^
■»[* by aU Local Drog»l»ta. - PIIII.AJJA... V& "
78
FLASHES FROM
THE
FOUR BASES.
The Athletics have been playing some
very good ball of late. In the two games
last week Fitzpatrick pitched the best
quality of ball, and Tils team backed nim
up In the most beautiful style. McLaugh
lin has now reached his plane and he is
sure to improve day by day. lie is one
of the best fielders in the league.
Owing to the derangement of the Infield
of the Santa Cruz team there was -\ gen
eral looseness about their play last Sun
day. The errors, which were frequent
enough to be annoying, would probably
not have occurred had the team remained
intact.
The Stocktons, as they will appear on
the diamond to-day, will be a very strong
team. An Infusion of new blood has been
injected in the team. Borchers and Knell
will do the twirling for them. Pace of the
Portland Club will catch and Patterson,
who was formerly with the Interstate
League, will play right field.
.The line-up for to-day's game is as fol
lows:
Oaklands. Position. Stocktons.
Moskiman Pitcher Borchers
Sullivan Catcher Pace
Bliss First base Selna
O'Neill Second ba5e......:... Smith
Lange Third base White
Schmeer Shortstop Billings
Dean Left fie1d. . ........ . Muller
Donovan Center field Rice
Hardie Right field Patterson
The standing of the clubs is as follows:
Won. Lost. Pet.
Sacramento 14 -6 '35
Athletics 14 7 .66ti
San Jose 13 9 .586
Kant a Cruz 12 10 .643
Oakland 11 11 .600
San Francisco 9 12 .42$
■Watsonville 6 15 .lia
Stockton 4 14 .222
San Jose has signed Pitcher Thomas of
the disbanded Fresno team. He is a '
lirst-ci;tss twirler, and with that team
behind him he should fill Lberg's place.
Manager Campbell was in town yester
day to protest against the \\ atsonvlile
team playing Thin! Baseman Courtney.
He claim? that Courtney r.ccepted his
terms by wire, so he sent him a railroad j
ticket to report at Stu<kten last Sunday,
but Courtney returned the ticket and |
went to Watsonville Instead. Mr. Camp- i
bell has all the necessary proofs regard-
Ing the deal, and Courtney will he com
pelled to play with Stockton if he expects
to play in the Pacific Coast League this
season.
According to the changes made by the
league at a recent meeting, the games to
be played at Santa Cruz and thl* i-ity
have been rescheduled. The Oaklands
and Stocktons will play their faurteen-tn
ning tie game oft", at Recreation Park to
day, and Oakland and San Francisco will
play their first game o" the revised
schedule in this city on Sunday.
AVatsonvllle will go to Santa Cruz in
stead of San Francisco.
Th games at San Jose and Sacramento
will be the same as the old schedule.
The league will meet at the Baldwin
Hotel en Monday evening, and will adopt
the revised schedule, which will provide
for each club to play the same number of
games against each other. All postponed I
and tie games will be counted in the new j
schedule.
. The schedule committee of the Califor- I
nia Amateur League held a meeting !
Thursday afternoon and arranged a i
schedule to be adopted at the league
meeting next Tuesday evening.
McCarty, late of San Joso. has been
billed to play with Watsonville on Sun
day.
• The largest crowd of the season attend
ed the game at Stockton last Sunday, and
they were much pleased with the new
men of the team.
Manager Campbell says that about 100
of Stockton rooaers will come down with
the club Saturday morning to attend the
fame here and they will also go to San
use with the club.
■ Manager Bunker of San Francisco has
been on the alert this week. He has se
cured Iberg to pitch for his club and will
have the strongest team that they have
had this season in Sunday's game.
' The Daisies and Capaduras will meet on
the Eighteenth and Harrison Grounds to
morrow. The personnel of the Daisies is:
Drewes, pitcher; Hunter, catcher; Shu
macher, short stop; Walsh, first base;
William, second base; Gamble, third base;
Shannahan, left field; Cullan, right fleld;
.Maher, center field. Capaduras— Karuza,
pitcher: Rogers, catcher; Harra, short
stop; Coleman, first base; Thompson, sec
ond base; Winters, third base; McCarthy,
left field: Bothe, right field, and Aitken,
center field.
The Alto Baseball Club will play the
Oletas next Sunday at 2 p. m., at the Cali
fornia League Grounds, Sixteenth and
Folsom streets. This will probably be the
last game of the Altos before playing in
the new amateur league, the garaea of
which will, no doubt, commence on Sep
tember 4. The Altos claim the amateur
championship of the city and hope to
make It the State In the coming tourna
ment.
The line-up Sunday will be:
■. Altos. • Positions. Oletas.
Brockhoff Pitcher Clark
Morrison Catcher Martin
Keogan First base Madison
Boradori.-. Second base Hougard
Downing Third base Cuneo
Raymond Short stop Kelly
Murphy Left field Pointer
Crawford Center fleld Lutherdt
Byrnes Right field Doran
C. Brockhoff Extra Sandeman
DOUBLES TOURNAMENTS
FOR THE BAY CLUBS
The championship doubles at San Rafael
In the early part of the month will prob
ably draw a great crowd of 'tennis enthu
siasts and players. It was not decided
until recently that the tournament should
be held In San Rafael. The Del Monte
courts were favored by many, but now it
se^ms assured that San Rafael will be
the locality for the championshii games.
The three bay clubs will send In their
quotas in the latter part of next week.
This afternoon at the California Club
courts there will be a doubles tournanif-nt.
Every Saturday tournaments of an im
promptu order have been played, and the
interest manifested In them has been of
no mean quantity. George Whitney, Kil
garlff, Werner Stauf. Colonel Linderman,
Walter McGavin. Davis, Blanchard.
George Smith, Buchley, Harvey Walter
and Dr. Root have entered their names
for a doubles tournament to-day. The
pairing off in teams will not take place
until the tournament is called. These
tournaments are usually stake events.
The players make a pool and the winners
take the prize, whatever it amounts to.
A dinm-r and some social pleasantries
usually follow.
To-morrow there will be a doubles tour
nament at the Bellevue Tennis Club of
Alameda. The club's doubles teams will
enter and the tournament will be open to
Alameda City. Some line may bo had on
the possible representatives of the club
for the championship event at San Rafael
after this Alameda tournament is finished
During the week at the California Ten
nis Club, George Whitney and Dr. Root
beat Joe Daily and Harvey Walter. Score:
6—2, 6—B, 6—3.
Robert N. Whitney and Joe Daily played
an exciting match, in which each took a
Bet. George Whitney beat Dr. Root: B— fi.
Walter has Just challenged George
Whitney for a match in singles to be
played in the near future.
The California Club's grounds have been
retouched during the week. The courts
have been painted and a general renova
tion has brightened up the place consid
erably. The lady players have not been
patronizing the courts during the last few
days. Miss Mason, the new champion, is
the only lady player who has been on the
courts this week.
HANDBALL AMONG
JUVENILE PLAYERS
Handball is picking up again and in
the near future some very interesting
games will : be played. To-morrow the
following players will put in an appear
ance In Phil Ryan's court on Howard
street:
W R. Borllnl and W. H. Sieberst vs. W. H.
Ked'ian and S. V. Coatello; ( J. White and E.
Curley vs. J. Collins and H. Murphy: E. Barry
and M Kirby vs. R. Hausraan and D. Reg-an;
J Leonard and P. Ilutchlnson vs. P. Ryan and
M McClure; M. McNeil : and Q. McDonald vs.
T>' Rodsers and W. Man Ion;; J. Rlordan and K.
Maloney vs. M. J. Kllgallon and M. Dillon; J.
C. Noalon and A. Hampton vs. T. F. Bonnet
and It. Llnehan. . \-:- 1
On Sunday there will be played a series of
handball gamed between four Juvenile players
for a gold medal, viz.. J. White and E. Curley
v . J. Collins and R. liVi/^f*
WILL COURSE FOR
DIVERS
KINDS OF COIN.
The coursing dogs will pull down all
kinds of coin again this week. And all
kinds of dogs will compete. At Union
Park the card embraces a puppy stake.
With forty-four youngsters going to the
slips, and an open event with an entry
of forty-eight. Tho value of the two is
|852 ."0. At Ingleslde thore will also be
two stakes run off. a champion feature
and a special maiden feature. In the
SOME OF THE MOST PROMINENT BALL -PLAYERS OF THE COAST.
former there are thirty-six candidates
and they are of top notch class. In the
maiden event forty-eight longtails will
compete, and, as is usual with the class,
the competition will be replete with sur
prißes. The total money at Ingleside is
$1000. The running at both parks will
open at the usual hour and continue
through to-morrow.
The puppy stake at Union Park is about
the best of its class ever run off on the
coast. It embraces several youngsters
that have already scored brackets, and
also several that have never before been
shown. The result will be in doubt un
til the final flag is lifted.
Arthur Massey has his lines out for
both stakes at Ingleside, but he will
hardly land either. Still, his Eastern
canines should land a good slice of the
monfcy. Hotstuff and Hatlwist are both
hounds of class, and Branty and Hattel
have both begun to show improved form.
But the dogs that win at Ingleside this
week will needs show the hottest kind of
form.
Cronin has a puppy at Union Park that
was once called St. Patrick, later The
Celt, and to-day is known as Wild Tralee.
If the youngster does not win this week
he should be giv«-n a handful of earth
from the Irish fair.
Rock Island Boy and Victor King, pup
pies owned by Russell & Wilson, are run
ning at Union Park to-day for the first
time since their arrival on the coast. As
both have been here for several weeks
they should be prepared to show their
quality.
The number of canine candidates now
adays seeking entry at the two parks
is suggestive of the political situation.
At least thirty were unable to obtain en
try at Ingleside this week and many
were also left out at Union Park. Money
has< done it. The coast and, in fact, the
entire country has been scoured for dogs.
Every available dog has been bred and
the puppies reared for racers. The ken
nels are crowded until, even with two
parks running to their full capacity, two
days' coursing a week will not permit
all to run as often or half as often as is,
by their owners, desired.
In the long odds book for the open stake
at Union park. Cavalier, Theron. Right
Bower and Maud S appear to have the
call. Firm Friend is also in the game.
A year ago tills week the total money
available for the dog owners waa $190
and the number of dogs entered was
thirty-Blx. The number of dogs running
at the two parks to-day is 176 and the
total money is almost ten times $190.
The course between Connemara and
Billy Gladstone, which constituted the
final in the champion stake at Ingleside
last Sunday, but was not run on account
of fog, will be pulled off to-morrow just
before lunch. The tajent, as is natural,
can see nothing but Connemara, but the
puppy is not to be despised by any means.
Ralph Taylor, accompanied by Joe
Spencer, arrived from the East last
Wednesday with a string of eleven flyers
from beyond the mountuins. Among the
number are Hughey (a half brother to
For Freedom), Nick Irvln, Bonfire, Mas
ter Denmark, Scattercust, a Winning
Style sapling and several other young
sters. They expect to winter on the
coast.
The A and B kennels are showing a
famous performer at Union Park this
week in Kentish Girl. She is an Kng
lish importation and in the mother land
of coursing is said, to have been classed
with For Freedom. She arrived in the
city one week ago last Thursday. In her
trial work she has shown quality, but
she can hardly be expected to show her
true quality for another week or two.
Arthur Massey has sent Kant for a
string of fourteen saplings. They will
reach the coast between the Ist and sth
of October.
The likeliest flag raisers in the first
round of the non-winner stake at Ingle
slde to-day appear to be Our Boy, News
boy, Hobson, Matchless, Phoebe, Van
Kirk, Springfield, Magnet, Masterpiece,
Monitor, Silkwood, Glen Chloe, Rush o'
Hill, Systematic, Tullamore, Clifton Lass,
L, S. Conley, Chiquita, Kerry Gow,
Wheel of Fortune. Jimmy Cork, Rosalie,
Montana, Gilt .Edge.
The winners for the opening rounds at
Union Park to-day and to-morrow look
to be as follows: Puppy stake — Sunburst,
St. Gertrude, Campania, Rest Assured,
Maid of Bail, Blacklock, Miss Skyball,
Golden Russet, Jersey Lily, Bull Hill,
Sheridan, Admiral Dewfy, Brutus, Beauty
Spot, Rose of Tralee, Wild Tralee, Morn
ing Glory. Petronius. Liberty Bell, Riot
Act, Prince Jerome, Wait a Little. Open
stake (to he. run on Sunday)— Minneapolis,
Maud S, Emerald, Firm Friend, Bernice,
The Gossoon, McKinl^y, Magnet, Black
stone. Theron, Douglass. Black Patti,
Right Bower, Lissak, O'Grady, Victor
Queen, Lord Byron, Cavalier, Lightning,
Millers' Maid, Jesse Moore, Miramonte,
JJttle Doubt, Chartist.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 27, 1898.
HELD OF SPORT
REVIVAL OF THE
INTEREST
IN CYCLE RACING.
The revival of Interest In cycle racing
is shown by the number of men In train
ing for the big meet at San Jose on Ad
mission day, September 9. to be held in
conjunction with the Native Sons' cele
bration. There have already been t-ent
into the managers of the meet, the Gar
den City Wheelmen, a larger number of
advance entries than is usual, with many
who are known to be training yet to be
heard from. The stars of the meet will
probably be Wing. "Bunt" Smith, Fuller,
Ross, Davidson and Treadwell, with per
haps the addition of Gooch and A. T.
Smith.
The Garden City Wheelmen have about
given up the idea of having a match
race between Wing and some other good
rider, as the other man, the equal of
Wing, is hard to find, now that Peck has
given up racing. "Bunt" Smith might
be induced to go on.
The club tried to get up a five or ten
mile match race between teams of five
men from the Hay City Wheelmen and
Olympic Club Wheelmen, but this could
not be brought about, so that they have
about decided to put on a mile invita
tion, which should bring out all the
crackajacks above named and a few
others. This will therefore make up the
programme of events as follows: Two
thirds mile scratch, one mile handicap
and one mile invitation, the latter race
restricted to the >,<-st men in the ama
teur class, and probably tandem paced.
Entries close September 2 with George
E. Owens, San Jose. Cal. The fee for
each event Is 50 cents.
Encouraged by the lrterest shown In
the San Jose meet, the Klmhurst track
will be reopened on Sunday, September
4, the principal event to be a match race
between A. P. Deacon of the Reliance
Club and A. T. Smith of the Acme Club.
There will be three races, one-half mile
unpaced, one mile single paced, and flve
mifes tandem paced, winner of two out
of three to be victor In the match. A
mile handicap open to all will also be put
on. probably, to cater to the outside
J. E. Wing has postponed his trial
against the ten-mile Fruitvale-Haywards
record until September 4, when he can
get the proper pacing. He should have
no difficulty In lowering tke present
mark, 24:27.
The annual watermelon run of the Ter
minal City Wheelmen of Stockton will be
held to-morrow. Visitors from this city
will take the 6 p. m. river boat to-night,
returning early Monday morning.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen, under
Captain W. L. Loos, will have a run to
Lake Como, in Marin County, to-morrow,
a new journey to most of the members.
Charles A. Kraft of the Bay City
Wheelmen left for the East last Tuesday
morning, and will try the long-distance
racing game there, with good chances of
George W. Humphrey of the Acme Club
has been appointed a member o£ the road
racing committee of the Associated Clubs,
vice J. S. Shedd, resigned. Mr. Shodd
leaves for the East in a few days to make
Ills home there permanently.
The California Cycling Club will hold
another of its popular ladies' nights next
Monday evening, August 29. This form
of entertainment has proven very at
tractive to the members, and will be a
regular monthly feature during next win-
Frank E. Richardson, an e.x-Bay City
wheelman, has gone to Honolulu on busl-
L. A. Peckham, who was captain of the
Reliance Club Wheelmen several years
ago and very prominent in Oakland
cycling circles, returned on the Moana
from a two years' absence in Australia.
Mr. Peckham was gla-d to get back, and
spent all day yesterday and Thursday
about the city, renewing old acquaint
ances. He expects to go East In a few
days. The Moana also brought advices
fro"m Harry Austin Goddard, who Is trav
eling in Australia for the Cleveland peo
ple. In a letter he speaks of being very
much impressed with the sporting in
stincts of the people at the antipodes, and
no longer wonders why a horse or bicycle
race draws from 25,000 to 40,000 people on
a Saturday afternoon. With this immense
attendance they are in a position to of
fer Immense prizes and secure the best
talent. They are behind the Americans
in track improvements, however, for the
"Austral" handicap, the great race of
the year, is run on a grass track, one
third of a mile In circumference and not
banked an inch. To Goddard, who had
a distinct recollection of sliding down the
steep banks of the old cement track at
Central Park and breaking his collar
bone, this seemed strange and It looKed as
If trick riding would discount speed.
The Capital City Wheelmen hope soon
to have negotiations settled whereby they
will be assured of having their track, re
cently destroyed by lire, rebuilt. Three
fourths of the track remains Intact. It
will be necessary to wholly reconstruct
the scratch straightaway and the grand
stand and about one-third of the high
fencing. The insurance money will cover
most of the cost of reconstruction, and
the club hopes the electric railway com
pany will see its way clear to put up the
balance. The cnances are In favor of Its
°Th% annual meeting of the Bay City
Wheelmen will be held next Thursday
evening, September 1. Reports of officers
and committees will be read, and a nomi
nating committee elected to name the of
ficers for the succeeding term.
p G Alexander and wife will leave in
a few days for a trip through Lake
County Mr. Alexander is well known in
trade circles. H. W. SPALDING.
Federal Bankruptcies.
H. O. Steams, a candy maker of this
city, filed a petition in bankruptcy yes
terday in the United States District Court.
Liabilities J2594 40; assets, fixtures, stock
and tools valued at $500.
S F. Ramage of Danville, Contra Costa
County, also filed a petition. Liabilities
$1431; assets a $3000 homestead ranch.
;■■ ♦ ■
Lnrline Salt Water Baths.
Bush. Larkln sts. ; dimming. Russian. ! hot and
, " cold tub bath*; salt water, direct irvxa , OOtoo.
ROWERS BEGIN TO
TRAIN FOR
CHAMPIONSHIPS.
The representatives of the San Fran
cisco rowing clubs who went to the As
toria regatta have now all returned, some
by train early in the week and others by
boat later. All enjoyed themselves highly
and received the best treatment from the
Astorians. The defeat of the "Midgets"
by the Alamedas has disappointed the
South End men very much, and is the
more surprising when the fact '■- taken
into account that the Alameda barge had
no rudder in the race, but was steered by
a paddle. The Midgets do not seem to
have rowed themselves out, and in an
other race may turn the tables on tlTe
Alamedas.
In the barge event at Astoria between
the Alameda and Burrard Inlet crews the
latter pulled in the South End boat. With
George Alexander as stroke they rowed a
splendid race. Up to a few hundred yards
from the finishing line they were equal
with or slightly ahead of the Alameda
boat, which was struck by a wave and
swamped.
The defeat of Dr. C. C. Dennis by Oehs
and A. W. Pape was unexpected, and is
attributed to his lack of condition. He
will train carefully and try to hold his
own against them in the senior skiff
championship at HI Campo. The cham
pionship races will thus be unusually in
teresting this year. F. Duplissea won the
single shell race at Astoria, defeating Me-
Common and Patton of Portland, and
should win the senior shells here.
The Alameda club will give a reception
next Saturday to S. J. Pembroke, who
worked hard to get the best representa
tives of the bay clubs up to Astoria, and
to the members of the senior barge crew.
Two delegates from each of the clubs
represented at Astoria will draft resolu
tions to be sent to the Astoria committee
In appreciation of their generous reception
Of the visitors.
At the Bemi-monthly meeting of the
Alameda Boat Club, held last Tuesday,
It was decided to set aside 50 per cent
of the Income to form a fund for the
purchase of new boats. Two appli
cations for membership were received.
Electric light poles have been erected.
T. J. HOPKINS.
and the club house will soon be ;itted
with wires and lamps. The Junior oars
men are practicing regularly, and bid
fair to make a good barge crew. B. Guild
1b working well.
M. Breon and J. Lyons of the Sourh
Ends are training for the Junior skiff
championship, and the Junior barge
crews are practicing. After a month's
practice the barge crews will be triel
out, and the four best men selecte-1. An
intermediate barge crew will probably be
formed by T. Barry, who rowed in the
championship Junior crew in 1890. The
club will try to purchase a skiff in
which Dr. C. C. Dennis may defend the
championship. F. Duplissea and J. Fo
ley will uphold the honor of the South
Ends in the Senior shell race.
Early next month the club *.vill give
a dinner to its representatives at the As
toria regatta. On November 1 an enter
tainment will be given at Union square
Hall to raise money for *r-e completion
of the handball court in the club house.
At the meeting last Tuesday Dr. J. P.
McCarthy was initiated.
Several members of the Olympic Boat
Club being on their vacations, the pro
posal to establish the club on a new
footing has been allowed to drop for the
present, but will be taken up later. Lit
tle has been done lately at the Tiburon
boat house, as the barge is being put into
repair, scraped and varnished.
The Dolphins have sustained a great
loss by the (loath of T. J. Hopkins, who
had been a member of the club for three
years. At the last Dolphin regatta he
rowed In the "Irish" barge crew, and
won the A. B. Treadwell medal for Jun
ior skiffs. He was a splendid young fel
low and much Uked by all who knew
him.
On Sunday Victor Caglieri, T. J. Sulli
van, J. Earles and W. O. Patch went
out for barge practice. A. W. Pape be
gins training to-day, and henceforward
the Intermediate crew will go out three
times a week. Victor Caglieri and E.
J. Bartman will represent the Dolphins
in the championship Junior skiff race.
The War Is Ovar.
You can rest Sunday and read the San
Francisco News Letter la peace. *
SPEEDY YACHTS
MAY WIN
FINE TROPHIES.
It Is probable that silver cups will be
awarded in each class at the Pacific In
terclub Yacht Association's regatta on
September 9. Already three handsome
trophies, known as the Law cup, the
Delegates' cup and the Macdonough cup,
are in the hands of the association, and
provision will be made for a fourth. The
winning yacht in each class will get a
championship flag as well, and the second
yacht will receive a mug, with a suitable
Inscription. A handsome design has been
chosen for the Macdonough cup, upon
which the association flag, now containing
six stars, will be enameled in blue and
white. Each club in the association will
be assessed $30. Some amendments to the
constitution, by-laws and racing rules
were accepted at the meeting of the as
sociation held on Wednesday night. A
circular will be issued in a few days to
yacht-owners by the secretary with re
gard to the Admission day regatta. The
association is not disposed to interpret
the rule regarding professionals strictly,
inasmuch as it believes its duty to be the
encouragement of all yacht racing,
whether by amateurs or professionals,
and holds that a sallmaker or a boat
builder may be a genuine amateur yachts
man.
Last Sunday Commodore Dr. T. L. Hill
cruised in his sloop Cygnus with a party
of artillerymen and soldiers of the Sev-
I onth Regiment to Marln Islands. Vice-
Commodore G. T. S. White's sloop Will o'
the "Wisp accompanied the flagship. A. D.
I Naylor's sloop Twilight took a party of
ladles to Paradise Cove. With the ex
j ception of a "calm streak" here and there
there was a good breeze all day. The
' schooner White Wings, which has been
j up at Suisun and Antioch. has returned
to her moorings at Sausalito. W. S.
I Goodfellow's schooner La Paloma made
i excellent time on her trip up from San
i Luis Obiapo. She is now lying in Oakland
I Creek.
The Corinthians and Enclnals cruise to
Petaluma drawbridge to-day and return
to-morrow. Last Saturday Commodore C.
W.Hterfeld's sloop Aeolus, Secretary E. B.
Lathrop's sloop Pride, F. F. Ames' sloop
Ella. ex-Commodore George S. Billings'
sloop Nixie, ex-Commodore J. W. Pew's
sloop Truant, ex-Commodore A. J.
Young's sloop Clara. J. M. Patrick's
Thetis and the yawl Spray sailed to Mc-
Near's landing. The sloop Mignon, hav
ing broken her centerboard pin, did
not leave her moorings.
On September 11 the Corinthians will
have a small regatta off El Campo, the
circulars announcing which will be sent
out very shortly. It is expected that there
will be a good list of entries in the two
classes — the twenty-live-footers and the
twenty-footers. The sloops Phoenicia,
Merope and others will be put in trim for
the association regatta on the 9th, and,
bar accidents, will be ready to race again
in two days later. The regatta will be
under the management of the regatta
committee, which consists of J. H. Hopps,
P. J. Martenstein and W. F. Dlxey. In
addition to the usual flags, two prizes —
probably cups— will be offered.
The Encinal ladies' cruise to San Mateo,
originally set for June 4 and 5 but post
poned on account of the inability of the
Hotel Mateo to provide suitable accom
modation on those days, will probably
take place on September 3, 4 and 5. Dr.
C. T. Tisdale, president of the Enclnals
and of the Pacific Interclub Yacht As
sociation has recently been at Sacra
mento. The sloop Lapwing, formerly of
the Encinals, has been bought by a mem
ber of the Corinthian Club.
The Callfornias have a ladles' cruise to
Paradise Cove to-morrow, and the South
Hays a cruise to Ravenswood. A. A.
Pattiani and B. W. Robeon have sold the
sloop Volante, which will be taken by her
new owner to Bay Farm Island. A. C.
Lee has brought his sloop Surprise down
from Point Pinole, where he has been
for the past three months. A. M. Clay,
through the kindness of \V. Letts Oliver,
has recovered his small boat, lost some
weeks ago. The sloops Sea Fox and Em
bla were towed back last Sunday by W.
L. Prather's launch El Casador, the
breeze having: deserted them. W. A.
Duncombe and O. F. Galther recently
went for a shooting: and fishing: trip on the
yawl Hope. On the sail across the chan
nel they sighted the steamer Estrella,
flying the union down, and stood by to
offer assistance. Port Captain J. J. Sherry
and C. Clarke returned on Sunday from a
two weeks' river trip in the yawl Gypsie.
They reported hot weather and mosquitoes.
Nolan nas returned from an uprlver
cruise In the sloop Regina. At Rio Vista
he met H. S. Pratt of the yawl Idler
Elmer Smith, with his wife and a party of
friends, are up the river in the yawl Dol
phin.
SWIMMING CONTESTS
AT SUTRO BATHS
The final race of the series between
Roger B. Cornell and Sid Cavill will be
swum next Sunday at Sutro Baths in the
large tank. The distance is $80 yards
with nine turns. Each man has won a
heat and the final race should be an ex
citing one.
Following is a list of the other events:
Fifty-yard dash: handicap: novice, class D —
W. Yale, A. Whitney, R. Murphy, E. Kipp, O.
Walters, D. Ktlgarif, A. Ettlnger, R. Mason,
C. Keefe, O. DearfleM, W. Hutton.
Under-water swimming contest, open to all;
prize, silver medal— O. Williams, A. S. C. ; A.
Johnson, P. S. C. ; W. Root, E. S. C. : G. Dia
mond, I. S. C. : D. Knight, C. A. S. C. ; J. Jack
son, AS. C. ; G. Blanchard, P. .S. C. ; D. Craf
tor, O. A. C; G. Ellis, O. A. C. ; R. Elliott, P.
S. C.
Mixed diving contest; open to all divers in
class A B (each contestant allowed five tricks;
five points to govern)— E. Denny, P. S. C. ; C.
Sullivan, O. A. C. ; O. Hallet, I. S. C. ; J. Ba
c:lgalupl. N. S. S. C. ; H. Grey. I. S. C. ; I.
Kent, A. S. C. ; F. Herman, unattached; H.
Wagner, unattached; « Searlght, A. B. C. : J.
Grey, I. S. C. ; T. Gladstone, I. S. C. ; A. Ban
ner, O. A. C.
Aerial diving, from trapeze and high dive;
open to professionals— J. Walden, I. S. C. ; E.
Peters. N. S. 8. C. ; E. Green. P. S. C; Otto
Schulte, C. A. S. C. ; G. Eaton, A. S. C. ; R.
Porter. A. S. C. ; R. Bosworth, A. S. C. ; R.
Dahl, C. A. S. C; C. King, P. S. C. ; A. J. Ba
ker, O. A. C. ; J. Eey, unattached; H- Fletcher,
unattached.
REVOLVER SHOTS
PRACTICINC
FOR A BIG MATCH.
A number of the members of the Col
umbia Pistol and Rifle Club of this city
are preparing for an interesting revolver
match with a team of the Brooklyn Re
volver Club of Brooklyn, N. Y. It is
understood that the match will take place
in about six weeks, the scores to be ex
changed by telegraph on the day of the
shooting. F. O. Young and J. E. Gor-
man made the preliminary arrangements
for the match when thoy were In at
tendance at the National Bundfest at
Glendale, N. Y. The members of the
San Francisco club realize that they have
no walkover in this match, as the Brook
lyn club has on its roll of seventy mem
bers some of the best revolver shots in
the country. About twenty of this East
ern organization are physicians and they
all meet twice a week and practice and
hold contests on an indoor range, shoot
ing ten, fifteen and twenty yards. As
many of the members of that club are
now practicing for a team match with a
Cincinnati club, they will be in fine
form to make things lively for their Cal
ifornia opponents.
All of the details of the match have
not as yet been arranged. Two points,
however, have been decided. The Col
umbia men. who always shoot on the
fifty-yard outdoor range will shoot at the
Brooklyn men's distance — twenty yards
provided the latter will shoot on the
Columbia target. The Brooklynites
wanted to have each team consist of only
three men, for they have that many
"nail drivers" in their club, but the Col
umbia's representations insisted that the
teams should be from seven to ten men
each, so as to give the average marks
man a chance. Of the members of the
Columbia Club who can hold a steady
revolver and can be relied upon in a
match, there are F. O. Young, J. E.
Gorman, A. H. Pape, Ed Hovey, C. M.
Dalss. Howard Carr, Smith Carr, Dr. L.
O. Rodgers, F. E. Mason and a few
others, but for some time past they have
neglected to practice with this firearm.
In the coming match the club will miss
a fine shot in A. B. Dorrell, who will be
in the southern part of the State at that
time.
There Is a strong desire on the part of
the Columbia's men to have the match
shot with full service charges of powder,
as they believe that shooting light weight
or gallery charges is more like child's
play than revolver work. It is feared
that the Eastern team .will kick against
being confined to full service charges, as
many have made their best records on
the short ranges with heavy revolvers
loaded with little firecracker charges.
The English, at least those who met
recently on the range at Bieley, insist
upon full charge ammunition, and that
is said to be why Walter Winans. one of
the best revolver shots of the East, did
not attend the meeting at Bisley this
year. C. S. Axtell of the Smith & Wes
son Revolver Club is an exponent of
heavy ammunition, and he was very suc
cessful, tying Lieutenant Lowther of the
Scot Guards for first place in the twenty
yard match recently at stationary target
All of the Columbia's men believe in the
standard upheld by Axtell and the Eng
lish marksmen, full service ammunition
for all kinds of revolver shooting
M. J. WHITE.
MORE CHINESE GUILE.
Conspiracy Unearthed to Land Coo
lies by Means of Perjury.
Shue Hun. a cook, was arrested by the
Customs Inspectors yesterday for aiding
and abetting: the illegal landing of Chi
nese. Later In the V day an Information
was ; filed against him by Deputy United
States Attorney Schlesinger. <• -;
Hun had been acting as a messenger be
tween certain brokers in Chinatown and
Chinese : immigrants on the Doric, await
ing permission from the Collector of the
Port to land. .When apprehended on sus
picion and searched there were, found on
his person several letters addressed to im
migrants Informing them :\n to th<« sto
ries they should tell» to the ouvtoma ottl
cials. ■- They were to = say thnt they wore
born in certain, houses in Chinatown In
this. city, and answers w<m>- Bet down to
questions likely to bo put to them on
cross-examination.
.■ The Chinese to whom tlio letters wen
addressed " will be . refused a landing ■ on
the ground that they are parties to a con
spiracy to land illegally by means of false
representations. '
': Hun : refuses to state the names of his
principals. \.' .-■. -■ •"...'■
Albright's Seductive Pies.
The United States Grand Jury yester
day returned an indictment against H. K.
Albright for unlawfully having Govern
ment property in his possession. His bond
was fixed at $300. Albright swapped pies
with United States soldiers for uniforms,
shoes and other material.
General Fitzhugh Lee tells about
Cuba's political future in next Sun
day's Coll.
DEER SHOOTING
AND
TROUT FISHING.
The lovers of deer shooting are making
' the best of the few weeks that are open
to them in some of the near-by counties
to bag the largest deer of the season. So
far very good reports have been received
from the hunters who hunted and did not
sit in the shade of an inviting redwood,
expecting a visit from some of the cu
riously inclined animals, who, as a rule,
are not afraid of a lazy sportsman.
Last Sunday an imense buck was killed
on the Spring Valley preserve by A. Bo
rer the well-known banker, who was
deer stalking with some friends. Mr
Borel dropped the animal at the first
shot and an idea of its size may be
gained from the fact that it weighed,
a-hpn dressed 164% pounds. }-- r ",
W JS of Lake
on the margin of the lake in the mrec
tion of a deep gulch on the : west sme)
was two .inches thick c Han .
the canyons in the vicinity of the
for horned animals-excepting cattle—to
dliillvd liillv Malloy alias Little Billy, of picolo
voice fame • Al Newman, the dispenser;
Chales Dieti (I*lll Nye). Lloyd Eaton (the
SS Szist «as ss
oS the r«"rn trip. T»o deer were shot
■VS "c«'Sr. th. expert sP9«-<-f« n I
and lover ot trout fu.hir.er. has .Joined tho
SSe Olrsc,ldO I rsc,ld? e S4 d rl Cl fcp. C ln' > ll heh ce S i frt t fS:
lodine the angler's future intentions un-
Khe^of the angle happy sunshine and
a The friends of Billy Macrae will be pleas
ed to learn that the young sportsman Is
now thoroughly convalescent and that he
Ps sharing, with his anglirig companions
at Boca, good catches of trout from the
Truckee River. Billy writes that the
mountain quail are very plentiful in the
vicinity of Boca this year and that when
the season opens, which will be on Sep
tember 1, he expected to be able to send
his friends messes of quail and grouse.
La Forge, the champion spoon caster or
the Sierras, is making large catches of
trout daily. He writes that he has never
had better fishing than now. Dr. Merritt
and wife and Oscar and Alfred Sutro are
also enjoying splendid fishing at Boca.
The March brown still remains the most
"sports'nfeV and anglers visiting the
Sierras should drop off at Cisco ana enjoy
the excellent black bass fishing near that
P Otto Braunsdorf writes the sporting- edi
tor from Russian River Station that he is
enjoying good sport and that the black
bass are in much better condition than
they were reported as being in the early
part of the season. "Dickie Boy" is act
ting as retriever.
The following notice has been mailed to
the members of the Fly Casting Club by
Its secretary:
Your attendance as a member of the San
Francisco Fly Casting Club is desired on the
night of Saturday, the 27th instant, at Jules
Vitlcultural Restaurant. The occasion will be
an informal dinner, Riven by the club as a
finale to the fly-casting competition of the year
You are expected to be present, and any friend
you may care to bring with you will be made
welcome. •
A feature of the dinner will be the presenta
tion of the medals which have been won In
the season's contests of skill at Stow Lake. It
Is designed to make the affair a veritable tour
nament of good fellowship, and the club counts
on your entrance in a.ll events of the pro
gramme. There are to be no handicaps, and
all who take a hand may count on a full share
of the good i things which are to be passed
around. . "
There are quite a number of local an
glers who are preparing- for an outing
on Eel River. Fishing is said to be ex
cellent at present, but in a few weeks
from now the large steelheads will put
in an appearance.
CRICKETERS HONOR
A DEAD COMRADE
A communication has been received
from the secretary of the Honolulu
Cricket Club, In which he says that the
letter of the California Cricket Associa
tion will be placed before his club at its
next meeting, to be held # shortly. The
association has promised to do all in its
power to render a visit of cricketers from
Hawaii to this State pleasant, but it can
not undertake to render it remunerative.
In the present depressed condition of
cricket In California" It would not be pos
sible to attract a sufficient attendance at a
match to render the hiring of an inclosed
ground profitable. But players who are
looking for an agreeable trip - can cer
tainly get It. Matches can be arranged
in San Francisco, Placer County, Lake
port, San Jose, and probably at Burns
Valley.
The committee appointed to draft reso
lutions relative to the death of the late
A. E. Coates, for four years one of the
vice-presidents of the association, has
performed its task, and copies of the reso
lutions have been forwarded to Mrs.
Coates and to the Placer County Cricket
Club. The resolutions were as follows:
"Whereas intelligence has been received
of the passing away on the 19th day of
July, IS9S, of A. E. Coates, for several
years one of the vice-presidents of the
California Cricket Association; be it
"Resolved. That as an association we
hereby express our profound regret for
the loss of one of the most widely known
and respected cricketers In the State of
California. Allied with ovr sorrow at his
loss there is the melancholy gratification
of being able to place on our records the
fact that our friend was one of the men of
whom it can be said, 'His word was as
good as his bond.' He was kind and cour
teous to all. with whom he was brought in
contact, either in business or social rela
tions.
"Resolved. That the secretary of the
association record this testimony in mem
ory of our late colleague upon the min
utes of the association, and that a copy
thereof me sent to the family of the de
ceased and to the Placer County Cricket
Club. EDWARD BROWN.
"President.
"Attest: ARTHUR INKERSLEY,
"Secretary California Cricket Associa
tion." ■ ■ ■ o-y'V
. ♦ .
Octave Thanet writes about the
Omaha Exposition.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strength through his new
and original systeu of treatment.
RIPIVUE cured by his new method,
without knife, truss or detention from
work, a painless, sure and permanent
cure. TAKS€O<K)E, hydrocele,
swelling and tenderness of the glands
treated witli unfailing success. 4'onta.
diou* blood pui»on in any of its
stages thoroughly eradicated from the
system. I.nclie* will receive special
attention for 'I their many ailments
WRITE if you cannot call. No charge
for advice by mail. He will also send
you a valuable book. "Guide to Health,"
free of charge. Address F
PWEANY, M. D., 737 Market street, San
I Francisco, Cai.•OLD CRAFTS
111 TROUBLE
two Vessels That Will
; : •Never Return Here.
BACK AGAIN ON HER OLD RUN 'i
AUSTRALIA SAILS FOR HONO
' ; LULU ON TEE FIRST.
•
■■Numerous Place Hunters After the I
• Positions of Attorney and Chief
Wharfinger to the Har- j
• bor Commission.
■ Two old-time San Francisco vessels are
In trouble In Australian waters. The
bark Leon while on her way from New
■ castle, N. S. w., to Honolulu sprang a
leak and had to put Into Whangaroa. a
small port In New Zealand, in distress.
•while the barken tine Monitor sprang a
leak in Sydney harbor and sank at her
mooring- An attempt was made to get j
her on the mud flats, but It failed, and.
when the Moaiia left Australia the Moni- j
tor's decks were awash at high water.
• The Leon Is an old-timer, having been
built nt Sestri Ponente in 1576. At one |
time she was owned by the late Nicholas
chard, and was then known as the !
"Don Carlos. Then she was rechristened
•the. Quang Tung and later the Principe
di Lucedto. . Last of all J. J. Moore &
Co. purchased her, and placing her under
.the Xicaragi:an flag renamed her Leon.
She sailed from here with a cargo of
.lumber, and after discharging. loaded coal
for - , the Hawaiian Islands. She has now
been sold as she lies In Whangaroa har- ]
ho-r to J. J. Craig of Auckland, New Zea- !
lard, and will be used by him In the |
coasting trade. Captain Bergman, who
■ was In command of the Leon, has re- j
turned to San Francisco, and Captain '
■Williams, who was mate with Bergman, j
. is now in command of the vessel.
The Marion was built at Boston, Mass..
In ISSS, so she has had a longer lease •
-of life than the l.« on. She was formerly '
; owned by T. H. Minor of this city, but
-.was sold a few months ago to O. G. S. j
■Lane of Sydney, N. S. W. Both vessels
-..were particularly well known on this
'.-.coast, and the chances .ire now that they
-. will', never be seen here again.
' . The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia, which has been in use as a trans
port for the past few months, has Just
' been returned to her owners by the Gov
, e'rhment and will resume her run on the \
. Honolulu route. She will leave here Sep- j
' tember 1. and as there has been an ac
cumulation of freight and passengers ow
ing to the short service, she is sure to go
'"out crowded.
•The Harbor Commissioners have their
•• hands full with applicants for office these
'days. The nominations of Tlrey L. Ford
for Attorney General and George W.
Root for Clerk of the Supreme Court
■will leave the position of attorney for the
board and chief wharfinger vacant, and
there are a host of applicants for the
■ positions. The chances are that W. H.
Alford will become the legal adviser of
•the commission, and that Harry S. Scott J
will become chief wharfinger. Mr. Scott j
Is undoubtedly the man for the office. As
assistant chief wharfinger he has made
.'a record of which any man might be
proud. Courteous to all he has made
friends of every- snip captain and ship
owner In the port, and all of them -would
.hail with delight his. promotion. . Will
.Ashe is a candidate for the position also,
• but the chances are that he will have
.• to be content with the position of assist
ant chief.
George Edwards of 2% Sansome street is
much exercised over the' fear that the
. windows in the new f.-rry building may
.break, and in their fai! injure somebody.
In a letter addressed to the Harbor Com
missioners he suggests th;it the windows
be protected with a wire netting, so as
• to prevent the fall of the broken glass.
. For the Information of Mr. Edwards and
' all passengers of the ferry boats the Har
bor Commissioners state that all the glass j
used In the. depot was molded In wire
■ netting with a three-quarter Inch mesh, ]
so that at no . time can a piece of glass
larcer than the mesh fall, unless the en
tire roof comes down.
The British bark Palmyra arrived from
' Unga yesterday with a cargo of concen
• trates for the Apollo Gold Mining Com
. fiany. The Palmyra went to Unga from '
Newcastle, N. S. w., with a cargo of coal,
and will load wheat here for &ngland.
The Alvlso steamer V. M. Smith blew
out her cylinder head on her maiden trip
yesterday and. had to be laid up for re- 1
pairs. After being disabled she nearly
• drifted down on the ship Thornliebank. \
but was picked up by a tug and docked.
The PuKet Sound-Alaska stern wheel
steamer Stickeon Chief is supposed to be
lost with all hands. There were forty- j
three people, all told, on the boat. A pri- i
vate letter from Juneau. dated August \
If,, says: "The steamer Dora, which ar- j
rived here on the 10th. reports that on the !
trip to the westward, in latitude 38.38
north, longitude 142.1" west, on th" 6th •-
Inst.. she came across a lot of wreckage,
presumably that of a stem-wheeler. We
afterward found that it was that, of the j
steamer Stlckeen Chief. After atftamlrg '■,
' along for some tim". passing odds and
ends of the wreck. We sighted what We
' pupposfd to ho. a raft with a man aboard,
but on coming up to it ii turned out to i,,.
a -piece of the lower housework Uhe hur- i
ricane deck), the sole occupant being a ;
dog. We lowered a boat and brought the ;
. ring- aboard, and he is now one of our,
crew.
"Owing to the quantities of small
. pieces of wood afloat, we were under the :
Impression that there had been an ex
plosion and that nil bands were lost."
. . ;,.;.
• THE CRTSTAL SWIMMING BATHS. -
-Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea ]
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach. I
WILL NEVER RETURN TO THIS PORT.
The barkentine Monitor and bark Leon have both been sold for a song in Australia. The Monitor
sprang a leak at her moorings in Sydney harbor and sank. The Leon sprang a leak while on her way
from Newcastle, N. S. W., to Honolulu and ~ad to put into Whangaroa, New Zealand, in distress. Both
vessels will be used in the Australian coasting trade if they can b« repaired.
GENERAL LONGSTREET IN THE CITY.
As United States Railroad Commissioner He Will
Inspect Central Pacific Lines.
General James Longstreet. of Gainesville, Ga., arrived In this city
last evening with his wife, and registered at the Palace. The general,
who was lately appointed United States Railroad Commissioner by
President McKlriey to succeed General Wade Hampton of South
Carolina, is making his first official visit to this coast. The main pur
port of his presence here is to make the annual inspection for the
Government of the Central Pacilk- lines in California, Utah and Ne
vada. He has already made considerable progress in his investiga
tions, and expects to be occupied for three or four days in this city,
and from here he will go north. He expects to be finished with his
task by October 1, and he will make a report to the Secretary of the
Interior, to whom he is directly subject.
"I really have nothing to say except that I am making an official
examination of the bonded and landed railroads which are under ob
ligations to the Government," he said last night. "The Central Pa
cific is the only road which comes under that category, as the Union
Pacific has settled its dues. As to the particulars of my investiga
tions so far, I must remain silent, but after I have made my returns
to my immediate superior they will no doubt be made public."
General Lonpstreet, despite his 77 years, is remarkably vigorous,
and still gives evidence of the powerful qualities of mind and body
which made him one of the first Confederate generals of the civil war.
This is not the first time he has held public office. He was appointed
Minister to Turkey by President Hayes, and was recalled by Presi
dent Garfleld who made him United States Marshal for the Northern
District of Georgia, where he is a power, regardless of political lines.
He has also been Postmaster of Gainesville. His people say that next
to Stonewall Jackson, he was the most daring and persistent war
rior on the Confederate side. General Grant made him Surveyor of
the Port and finally Postmaster of New Orleans, to which place he
had moved, just after General Lee had advised the acceptance of
the terms of surrender. Despite the troubles brought on him by his
prompt espousal of reconstruction, General Longstreet has always
remained in the South, where he enjoys the personal respect of his
neiThbors, and is always sure of the faithful love of his army com
rades.
The general was married about a year ago in a romantic manner
to Miss Ellen Dortch, who at that time was Assistant State Libra
rian, and who made a vigorous campaign during the Legislature for
the passage of a bill allowing women to hold certain offices in the
State. Although the general was JBBt three times her age he wooed
and won her, and they were married at the Governor's mansion.
In the general's party are Colonel C. C. Sanders and wife, Mrs. M.
A. Sanders, Mrs. J. H. Hunt and Miss M. A. Sanders, all residents of
Gainesville.
JUDGES REFUSE
TO TRY A CASE
The ways of Police Judges are some
times peculiar and difficult to compre
hend. An instance occurred yesterday
that caused a great deal of unfavorable
comment.
When the case of Attorney E. M.
Comyns, charged wfth petty larceny by
trick and device in obtaining possession
of and bashing a receipt for &0 bail
money put up by Peter Cunningham, the
old miser, was called in Judge Joachim
sen's court yesterday morning, Attorney
J. N. E. Wilson, on behalf of Comyns,
submitted an affidavit by Comyns to the
effect that he could not get a fair trial
by the Judge, and demanding a change of
venue. Prosecuting Attorney Graham
objected, but the Judge said he had no
particular desire to try the case, and
granted the request. ■
Wilson and Comyns went before Judge
Conlan, and Comyns asked him to try the
case, but he demurred, and later ex
plained that he was to be called as a wit
ness by Comyns, and could not, there
fore,- sit as a Judge. Besides; Cunning
ham has been convicted and sentenced by
him on the charge of vagrancy, and it
was in connection with that case that
Comyns was arrested.
Judge Mogan was then approached by
Wilson and Comyns, but he refused to
have anything to do with the case, on the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 27, 1898.
ground that he was kept busy every day
from 10 till late in the afternoon with
other cases, and, besides, he did not pro
pus.- that his court should be made a
dumping ground by the police. When a
"star" case came up the police took It to
another court, a.s, for instance, the Bot
j kin case, Judge Joachimsen having been
! sent lor, although he was holding court
i all that afternoon.
Judge Low is on his vacation, and Wil
son and Corny ns had to fall back upon
the Justices of me Peace. They went to
Groezinger, and he at once consented to
try the «case. They returned to Judge
: Joaehimsen, who positively declined to
i allow Groezinger to sit in his court. The
i Judge had, however, discovered mean
i time that Judge Hunt had rendered a de
cision in the case of Pardini, asking for a
; change of venue from the late Judge
I Campbell's court, that there was nothing
in the statutes compelling a Police Judge
; to assign a case to another department.
' He therefore Informed Wilson and
, Comyns that he would ignore the affida
vit asking for a change of venue, and
would put the case on his calendar for
trial to-day.
CaptaWi Seymour is taking a keen in
terest In the Comyns case, as he Is de
i termlned to protect prisoners as far as
! he can against being imposed on by attor
! neys". He was very much chagrined at
the stand tn.ken by the Police Judges, aa
; he had hoped they would have been only
too anxious to aid him In his work of
purification.
Golden Rod and Brown
Such are the shades of Town Talk's mid
! summer number, out this week, with a beau
' tiful portrait of Annls Montague Turner on the
i title page. The editorials are timely and In
; teresting;. .the Republican platform being dis
j sected with care and Its weaknesses exposed.
j The Saunterer has some good stories, and the
i various departments are readable above the
| average.
THE POWELL'S
CREW BLAMED
Inquest on the Death of
Mrs. Paxton.
TESTIMONY IS CONFLICTING
WITNESSES SAY THE LAUNCH
CHANGED HER COURSE.-
This Is Denied by Her Officers and
the Jury Censured the Crew
of the Government
Boat.
Coroner W. J. Hawkins held an in
quest yesterday on the body of Mrs. Flora
L. Paxton, who lost her life in the colli
sion between the General McDowell and
the Scandia's launch last week. The jury,
after listening to the evidence, brought
in a verdict of drowning, due to the care
lessness of the officers of the General Mc-
Dowell.
Several witnesses were called, and the
testimony throughout was conflicting. All
those who were aboard the launch and
would acknowledge that they did not lose
their heads insisted that she never
changed her course, while the officers and
crew of the McDowell anu eyewitnesses
of the collision declared that the launch
was clear of the McDowell, but changed
her course.
Captain Hart of the Scandia, one of the
passengers on the launch, testified as fol
lows: "When we left the wharf we blew
one long whistle, according to regulations,
and just as we wt-re about clearing the
head of the wharf we saw the McDowell
bearing toward us and about 100 yards
away. We again blew one whistle, signi
fying that we were entiled to the right of
way, and she answered. We were going
ahead full speed and did our best to get
out of the way, but the McDowell over
took us, struck us on the port helm and
turned us over."
A. J. Thompson, third officer of the
Scandia, who was in charge of the launch
at the time, gave testimony corroborating
that of Captain Hart. He acknowledged,
however, that when the vessels were
about 30 feet apart he saw that a collision
was Inevitable and put his helm to port.
He does not consider that this threw the
launch out of her course, but thinks that
she might have been thrown out some
by the wash from the larger boat. Don
aid Hiliman, engineer of the launch; John
Daly, fireman, and Quartermaster Sca
rini all testified that the launch went
straight on her course without slowing
down.
The testimony of Mate Grimm, who was
in charge of the McDowell, put the mat
ter In an entirely different light. "We
had been over to Angel Island pumping
water," he said, "and when we were
about 500 feet from Pacific-street wharf
I heard the launch whistle. I answered
and .slowed down, and then signaled the
engineer to stop and reverse, as our swing
was carrying us in too close. The launch
was so far ahead that I could see day
light between her stern and our bow,
and she hail plenty of time to get out of
the way. The people aboard her suddenly
seemed to get rattled and changed her
course, turning In shore. We were car
ried up to her and struck her starboard
quarter. We could not have struoß her
starboard side if she was ahead of us
and had she not changed her course the
accident would not have happened. Mem
bers, of the crew of the tugboat testified
that they did not see the accident, but
that they knew the McDowell had slowed
'i v ;i, stopped, reversed and lowered a
boat.
John Lindsay, a soldier stationed at Al
entraz. who stood In the bow of the Mc-
Dowell at the time of the accident, cor
roborated Mate Grimm's testimony in
every particular, as did Peter Brown and
H. P. Huggard, who witnessed the acci
dent from the *>nd of Pier 9.
INTERSTATE CLUB
HAS WON ITS SUIT
A DECISION IN ITS FAVOR IS
HANDED DOWN.
Dissatisfied Members of the Cours
ing Organization Cannot ironn
a Rival Corporation and
Usurp Its Name.
A decision in the action of the Interstate
Coursing Club of California against Dom
lnlck Shannon. John Grace, P. J. Relily,
j Michael Treanor, James Dean, T. Mc
j Hugh, James Grace and I». H. Brown,
I Secretary of State, In which the plaintiff
sought to restrain the defendants from
usurping and Infringing upon its corpor
ate title, was handed down by Judge Sea
i well yesterday. The court ordered that
judgment be entered against the defend
ants and an order Issue restraining the
issuance by the Secretary of State of a
certificate of Incorporation under the
name, "Interstate Coursing Club of Cali
fornia."
Not long ago the defendants were con
nected with the plaintiff corporation in
I various capacities. Differences of opin
ion regarding certain matters, however,
resulted in the defendants withdrawing
from the organization and establishing v
similar one of their own. In January of
the present year articles of incorporation
of the Interstate Coursing Club of Califor
nia were filed, In which the defendants
appeared as directors. Suit for an in
junction by the directors of the original
Interstate Coursing Club of California
i was filed and a temporary writ was Is
sued. The plaintiff alleged that the de
fendants had conspired together to de
prive the plaintiff of the good will and
reputation of the club name, and it was
for that purpose that the articles of In
corporation were filed. Defendants made
answer and the suit was a hotly con
tested one, and resulted yesterday In
victory for the plaintiff.
The suit filed by the trustees of the vic
torious corporation against the same
named defendants to establish the title
to the property and assets of the Inter
state Coursing Club of California was or
dered dismissed.
This disposes of the entire litigation,
and unless th« defendants appeal from
the decision the plaintiff will enter into
the peaceful pursuit of the sport for
which it was organized. •
A Quiet Sunday
Can be enjoyed reading the San Francisco
News Letter. *
THE AMERICAN KENNEL
CLUB'S CLASSIFICATION
An official communication has been ad
dressed by A. P. Vredenburgh to the
secretary of the San Francisco Kennel
Club as follows:
The clarification as laid down by the A.
X C Is naming the classes that a show can
open, and dottnlnit name, if opened, but the
opening of any of the clauses i» not compul
sory The A K. C. says the following classes
may' be provided by dog nhow committees. It
does not say -'must 1 ' or "shall," but simply
may Therefore a show has the matter of class
es solely within its own control, and ir It so
elects can give a show with only open classes.
It can provide one. two, throe, four or five
classes--, or selected breed?.
It la foolish for a show, because It hns the
right to do ao, to open full classification for
all breeds. Such a plan is never attempted
outside of California. New York, th« most im
portant show In the country, never attempts to
give all classes in the less important breeds.
Thiß letter is timely, and if the advice
therein contained be followed by the Pa
cific Coast clubs an era of renewed pros
perity may be confidently awaiting
them.
The report of the late convention, to
gether with a. representation by the mi
nority, was forwarded to the American
Kennel Club on Saturday. It may be
stated that only the latter will be con
sidered by the American Kennel Club, as
all the rules were violated by those who
voted in the majority. The American
Kennel Club allows no one to represent
more than one club, or to cast more
than one vote. H. T. Payne voted twice
over, debarred from participation by rea
son of disqualification. . ,
The Pacific Mastiff Club wHI hold its
regular monthly meeting at S o'clock this
evening at 405 Powell street.
Emmet V. Sullivan has lost his fox
terrier, Menlo Creek, the highest priced
dog of his breed ever brought out here.
It is supposed that the dog strayed from
the house of a friend of his owner. Mr.
Sullivan is much distressed at his loss
and offers a substantial reward for the
recovery.
The reason of False Flatterer's poor
running of late became apparent on ex
amination of the dog's tail. The bone
was decayed and Mr. George Bell suc
cessfully amputated six inches. Flat
terer is now doing well, and as soon as
the wound is healed and he has under
gone some training his owner expects
him to outdo all previous performances.
The match with Connemara will be re
newed and heavy odds laid on Flat
terer.
Al Byler has entirely broken up his
Cocker spaniel kennels and has presented
H. H. Carlton with Oakside Duchess and
three pups. Mr. Carlton's Trilby has
thrown six pups, two black and four red,
so that gentleman may be said to be
"long" on Cockers at present.
Mrs. J. P. Norman's mastiff bitch, Lola,
is the proud and happy mother of four
sons and three daughters. More addi
tions to the canine population are ex
pected this week in the collie and St.
Bernard breeds.
Apropos of the holy breed, the Oakland
Kennel- Club has about decided to aban
don the show projected for next month.
It is proposed instead to hold a show
here in December for St. Bernards and
collies. A large will be called out
if the plan be executed, and there is
every prospect of its resulting in a finan
cial success.
■ m ■
In the Divorce Courts.
Hattle 13. Marston has been granted a
divorce from Alvin M. Marston on the
ground of willful neglect. Margaret Mar
ADVERTISEMENTS.
drTmeyers & co.
xggvj.^l^ If you want to be cured
_ fm'j ' _j!_m!?^- cr strengthened consult
GSjg^Sil^^al Dr. Meyers & Co. They
9*~4&! W have been successful in
'S&js? vB treating diseases and
(SaJ. .2$ weakiess of men for 17
/i*BJ H3^f<Sß9\ years.' They have the
! l>»» -T^fl'^SSJ largest and best equipped
i \\\ ft pps> — s 'fli Institution on the coast
« *t /./»•«£» treating ailments of
wjffl tiiliMciw Aliments recently con-
*S- P>se VulTk'^a3r a tracted or those which
X^* awi/Aw? ? have become dangerous
(£3 S. TOj/fSjV-^.i?" from had treatment or
Y&f Ox N t^.^S/&?*l neglect are quickly and
* **!' A\**Jt"3pF!{^s«'S* permanently cured by Dr.
Meyers & Co.
Victims of nervous debility, partial or com-
plete loss of vital power, drains, losses, etc..
which have been brought on by excesses In-
' discretions, overwork, worry etc.. quickly
and permanently restored to perfect manhood.
No Pay Till Cured— Consultation Free.
You take no chances In treating with Dr. Mey-
' ers & Co.. They will not only make you sound
and well, but you may keep your money until
v.v are permanently cured. Dr. Meyers & Co. s
dealings with patients, either at office or by
mall, are sacredly confidential. : .-- "- > -
"While a personal Interview Is preferable,
thousands are cured without seeing the doctors.
Sufferers who cannot visit the city or call on
a part of the staff when they make their regu-
I lar monthly visits to Interior towns, should
write for private book for men, free treatise on
I any disease, symptom blanks and advice. All
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market St., San Francisco. .
.lAKEELEYATO»S™."-"^
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
: ; • Ac tj, Full Set of Teeth
VtVW 1 {"E/L extracting free $soonp
<^\y^jL^vfef^ Gold Crowns 22k $3 50 up
Q-^fS-JsZwCZ Fillings ■ - - - 25 cts. up
S> r^StSSR-Jpa. O Open veilings & Sunday*
P^lolivCl VANVROOM .
>^/m\f Electro Dental Parlors
*«© liNN^VSixth and Market
- iff* ir Dr. G W. Klelser, Prop*
:
STATEMENT
OF THE '
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1897 and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. CAPITAU
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up in
cash '.... $200.000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $200,000 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,043.59j 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market- _
able securities as collateral 5,000 00
Cash in company's office .5.157 46
Cash in banks... --.•' ■• 61, 5i 4 23
Interest due and accrued on all _ ■■■--.
stocks and loans... ..-Si™
Premiums In due course of collection 146,275 73
Bills receivable, not matured, taken _■_'
for fire and marina risks ■ 22,015 54
Total assets $1,454,685 51
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $6.649 53
Losses in process of adjustment or -•■
In suspense ius,.«iu so
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 40,039 84
Gross premiums on lire ..risks run-
ning one year or less . $534,927 96; - _ _
reinsurance 60 per cent 267, 4 M as
Oross premiums on flre risks run-
ning more than one year, $663,667 47; _ -v
reinsurance pro rata. 831, 88 < 34
Gross premiums on marine and In-
land navigation risks, $58,793 19; re-
Insurance 100 per cent 88,793 19
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual flre insurance policies. 931 50
All other demands against the com- .■,. „
pany ••••• 48.836 90
Total liabilities $892,953 24
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre . ■- '^ .
premiums •••• $743,615 82
Net cash actually received for ma- _
rine premiums. .:-••• ••• • ■ 139.300 17
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from ■
all other sources..... 40. 854 17
Received for rents 16,937 52
Taxes refunded 4.765 44
Total income $945,473 12
. EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre 1055e5...... $396.427 95
Net amount .paid for marine losses.. 76.978 OS
Dividends to stockholders... ; 20.000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or •
brokerage...... •".••• •• •••• 167,334 54
Paid for salaries, fees i and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 105,111
Paid for State, national : and local •.
taxes " ... • ••• '•• 14.520 38
All other payments and expenditures. 92*144 31
Total expenditures $572,816 65
Losses Incurred during the year...... $525,993 17
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ- ■
ten during the year... $127,625,414 $964.5«5 S3
Net amount of risks ex-
Hired during the year... 135,076,011 1,067,056 69
Net amount in force De-j 203,370,C66 1.190,630 43
ccinher 31. ISO? i 203.370.066 1 1. 199. 630 43
■■.-'; Marine ■',' '-.'■■: ; : -, l
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ- : . • ; -
ten during the year... $44,003,803 $134.C!>C SO
Net amount of risks ex- .-
pired during the year... 43,631,386 128,314 47
Net amount in force De- -
cember 31,;1597. .■:...... .2.758.211 85.793 19
.. MASON *A. STONE. President. : "
' WALTER B. WARD, Assistant Secretary.
Subscribed land, sworn to before, me this 31st
day of January. IS9B. . * .
WM. B. ■ STUYVESANT, Notary Public.
DAVIS & HENRY,
AGENTS FOR CALIFORNIA,
215 Sansome St., San Francisco.
• Telephone Main 1100; I
and John E. Doak three timos at the i
convention, and the former was, more- ■
shall was granted a divorce from Frank j
Marshall on the ground of extreme cruel
ty. Suits for divorce on the ground of !
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' '
"11sqlute"security.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of Brent Good.
M PRINTED ON RED PAPER.
Very small and as easy
j to take as sugar.
SEE : irARTFtfQl FORHEADACHL SEE
EE CARTtKo FOR DIZZINESS,
rriirivr Kittle for BILIOUSNESS. rr\TITT\TD
GENUINE W ■ vrb FOR torpid LIVER, GENUINE
H PILLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
W&APPFI? Hfl m fob sallow skin. WRAPPFR
wKAITtK [Ifeldli 1 FOR THE COMPLEXION >YMtTtK
. GENVIMJ must HAVt^y: nature.
25 Pr c2rts Purely Tsxei£hle./&zu*?p£^,
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO, July 30th, 1898. j
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of ; i
California, at Its thirty-second session begin- ,
nlng on the fourth day of January, A. IX. 1837,
two-thirds of all the members elected to each j
of the two houses of said Legislature voting J ,
in favor thereof, proposed the following de- i
scribed amendments to the Constitution of tna
State of California, to- wit:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution to propose to the people of the ; \
State of California an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu- i
tion, In relation to revenue and taxation, by j <
which It Is proposed to amend said section to :
read as follows:
Section 18. No county, city, town, township, I :
board of education or school district shall In- j
cur any Indebtedness or liability in any man- i
ncr or for any purpose exceeding in any year
the Income and revenue provided for it for ;
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an ■
election to be held for that purpose, nor un- !
less before, or at the time of Incurring such j
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for the i
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
, the Interest on such Indebtedness as It falls
due. and also provision to constitute a sinking ;
fund . for the payment of the principal thereof j
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed |
forty years from the time of contracting th»
same; provided, however, that the City and j
County of San Francisco may at any time pay j
the unpaid claims i with interest thereon for i
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third ' and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the Income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or .
for any material furnished for any street, lane, j
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con- |
struction of any. sewer or sewers in said city j
and county are hereby cxcepted from the pro- ;
visions of this section; and in determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no ;
statute of limitations shall apply In any man- ■
ncr; and provided further, that the City of |
Vallejo In Solano County, may pay Its exist-
ing Indebtedness Incurred in the construction
of Its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
| vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
Btate of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section 714- The inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at ' least five years qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act tor
such county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such ccunty, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
shall then be published In two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or If there be
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication it shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county, at a general or special election, and it
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, It shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection •or approval, . as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and if ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment net of such county, and shall In such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
inconsistent with such county government act..
A copy of such county government act. certi-
i fled by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county.
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
Betting forth the submission of such county
government act to thre electors, and its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made in duplicate and
deposited, one in the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded In the
office' of the Recorder of Deeds in the county,
amone the archives of the county.
All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended at Intervals of not less than two
years by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
qualified electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
in a newspaper of general circulation in such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any alternative article or proposition may be
presented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately without prejudice to
It er ßhan be competent in all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
thin section, to provide for the manner in
which the times at which, and -the term, for
which' the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed; : for their compensa-
tion; for the number of such officers, for- the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
and for the compensation payable to each of
such deputies, for the manner In which the
time* In which, and the terms for which the
1 members of all boards of election shall be
elected or appointed and for the constitution,
regulation, compensation - and government of
euch boards, and of their clerks and attaches:
also to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by. the people shall be con
ducted -and . may in addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may. partici-
pate in any primary election. .
Whenever any county has," In the manner
and method herein pointed -out adopted any
oonntv government act, and the same shall
have been approved by the ; Legislature as
afore«aid the direction of sections four, ami
five Tf this article providing for the uniformity
'V a. «,vstem of county governments throughout
the State and likewise providing for the elec-
ton and appointment of officers, and the regu-
I lation of their compensation, shall not apply.
Raid county government act shall, as to any of
the matters herelnabove ' provided : for and de-
clared by BUeh county government act. not he
"iuWect-to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature, except by amendment first
submitted to the ' electors and ratified in : the
manner herelnabove set. forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE. .;
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to the people of the.
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State.. by adding ■ new section/
to be known and dPsUnated as section five and
one-half, article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a' court, to be. known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows:. ■ . : .
- Section -5%.'. ,ThP, Court of Claims shall con-
sift of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may -be. requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms ; thereof. The Court
of Claims shall . have : exclusive - Jurisdiction to
" hear and > determine h nil . claims .' of . every kind
and character against the State, under such
'laws as may be passed by: the Legislature/and
i»s Judgment thereon shall be final. t, The terms
•of the Court, of Claims shall be held as fol-
'; lows: • . . '" .'■■• ' ■ - ' , - '
. In the '.City of Los ' Angeles, . commencing oh
". the ' second Monday of March;.' ■■ ■ ■
"..,. In the . City and County :of - Pan Francisco,
-.commencing' on the second .Monday in July,
■and 1 '.•-.; ■' ' - ■ ■' ■' : . ■■■■ '.■■■■ .'■■' :■.- .■'••'. '
In tea City of Sacramento, commencing ,on
-/;■■;■• ,v>-- ■'>' ■.:•.-:' ■-'■•-' '■"'■- ■ /:- '* ;V?--;; V?-- ;
cruelty have been filed by Angelo Ser
venti'' against Mary Serrente, Irene S.
Cowles against John C. Cowles and Ela
nor E. Livingstone against George F.
Livingstone.
The t^i On .^ 7 of ember of each year,
receive nn no . ldln S such term of court shall
KhnM Ll eX a compensation therefor, but
out nf tl c thell i actual cx Pen'e». to be paid
The t* * c % enera L fun <> of the state treasury.
The Legislature shall enact all laws necessary
to organize such court, to provide the pro-
of this iecUon a " d l ° Ca " y ° Ut the P rovlslong
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th»
btate lor California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, amending article ele\en.
by adding a new section thereto, to be known
as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. Th» -
said proposed new section to read as follows:
Section Ohi. The provisions of section? four
and five of this article shall not. nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to £
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
have become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th»
State of California an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of the
Constitution of the State of California, by
which it is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows:
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall b%
elected at the same time and place and in th«
same manner as the Governor, and his term of ■
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the Impeachment of
the Governor, or his removal from office, death,
Inability to discharge the powers and duties of
his office, resignation or absence from th»
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for th»
residue of the term, or until the disability sha-i
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor b«
impeached, displaced, resign, die or become In-
capable of performing the duties, of his office.
or be absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy In the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy in th»
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon' the speaker of the -As--
sembly, until the . office of Governor shall be
filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
six, article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
-Section 6. The public school system shall in-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schpols, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal 'or district
authority, ' but the entire revenue derived from,
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar . schools. , Grammar
schools shall Include schools organized In a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand inhabitants, in
■which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific department of the Univer-
sity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th»
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, In rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
is proposed to amend said section to read as "
follows: I
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian, on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of Its members,
and shall biennial unless the Governor shall
in the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then, remain
in session for twenty-five days, after which it
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fall to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. 'Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete its
cession. No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
no bill shall be introduced in either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of the
members thereof. .
NOW, THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval," approved March 7, A. D. ISSS,
the above-described - proposed amendments are
hereby published and ■ advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of th»
State, at ■ the election to be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, A. D. ISM.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows: :." - ' ■
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words,;: whereupon : the voter may : express his '
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One, being Senate
Constitutional r Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francleco. and
•* the existing indebtedness of the City Te«
of Vallejo for the construction of Its- ■
water works from the provisions of No
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the Income and reve-
nues of the year In which they were ■
Incurred). ": -'--'■ :'■■■ . - •
For the Amendment? : .  ..:
Amendment Number Two, being Senate -
Constitutional : Amendment .- No. •10 To«
(providing for framing : local county •
government "■ acts by ■ inhabitants of No
.counties for their government); ■
. For the Amendment? .
Amendment Number" Three, '-. being Sen- '
■: ate .Constitutional 'Amendment No. ■
•44 (providing, for the creation- of -a-
Court of Claims to determine claims ■•, Yes '
against the State, and to 'consist of — '
-three Superior Judges designated by ".'. Na
: the Governor to • serve without extra
compensation).  •
For the Amendment? \' X--.'-'_
Amendment Number Four, - being As- f
sembly - Constitutional Amendment
Nc. 37 (exempting consolidated cities Tea
- and counties, organized or .to be or-- ■ ■
' ganieed, or holding ' a charter un- No
• dor the Constitution, from certain leg-
' islation in - relation <to counties). "..
■ For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Five, -being As-
sembly ■ Constitutional ; Amendment
■ No. '■'■'• (relating. to office or Governor, .;..". Tes .
■ ■ providing for succession .:. thereto in ' ;"
- certain cases and removing disability No
~* of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office '.during term).
For the Amendment?
"Amendment Number Six. being Assem- f '■
■ bly Constitutional Amendment No.-. 33 Teg ':'■
(relating to 'and : denning Grammar ■ : '.-
Schools). • " No v
J For the Amendment . . „
■Amendment •' Number ■ Seven, - being As- [ '
* sembly Constitutional 1 ' -Amendment • ■
* No. 34 (providing for adjournment of .'Te« v
: ; Legislature for not less than thirty -..
- nor more than sixty days during each . ~," No %*,
.session).
For the Amendment? ... •; 
'■■ Witness ' my hand < and the Great Seal 'of • the -
State of California, the day and ; year herein '
first above written. ■•r:-wi v* ■■'•■- ■■■< - * .., -.•- Zfjf.t - s . : :
JAMES H. BUDD, Governor.
Attest: L. H. BROWN, Secretary or State. -ri
ISEAL.J b
M
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET.
Raisin crop reported concentrated.
No change in Sliver.
Milling; Wheat declined.
Other cereals unchanged.
Hay and Beans as before.
Wool very dull, but steady-
Some kinds" of nice lower.
Vegetables plentiful.
Eastern Eg&s and dairy Butter lower.
Poultry about the- same.
Another advance in P«irs. Peaches dull and
weak.
Grapes and Melons slow.
Lemons weak and Limes firm.
Rather more tone to dried fruits.
Provisions stationary.
Hides rather steadier.
A few sales of Hops being made.
Meat market unchanged.
Heavier imports of specie.
_:
IMPORTS OF SPECIE.
Imports of. specie at this port during the first
eeven months of the year were $17,327,486,
against 718.006 for the same time in 1897. as
follows- Gold bullion. J1.557.145; gold coin, $14.-
K5.947: silver bullion. $744,061; silver coin. $136.
733. The enormous increase this year is due to
the Influx of gold coin from Australia, which
began in August, 1537.
PLENTY OF GOLD.
The amount of gold In the United States
Treasury has been increasing rapidly of late,
as shown by the stock, on hand, which was
$203 r.36.204 on August 20, against $153,474,057 on
June 20. This is a gain of $40,000,000 In two
months The gain for the past thirty days has
been about $17,000,000. The amount on hand
August 20 was the largest since ISES. In March
of that year it was $213,000,000, but in the
Cleveland administration of free trade It got
down to $44,EG3,433 in February, IS9G. • \
THE RAISIN TRADE.
ANNOUNCEMENT THAT THE CROP OF IS9S
IS CONCENTRATED.
The California Raisin Growers' Association
of Fresno is out with the following circular:
FRESNO. California, Aug. 27, IS9S.
To the Trade: The California Raisin Grow
ers' Association has been organized for the
purpose of establishing a high standard of
quality of all raisins to be sold under its
brand, to put a stop to the shipment of inferior
raisins, and to fix and maintain a reasonable
price for the product throughout the year,
' from harvest time to harvest time.
The directors of this association believe that
If the so ideas are faithfully carried out the
dealers in raisins will take more Interest in
this particular product, will purchase more
freely and will push the sale of raisins arid
thus greatly Increase our market.
At this writing we have under our control
over 90 per cent of the crop of the State, and
within two or three weeks we expect to secure
at least 5 per cent more. Our growers' con
tract places the raisins absolutely In our
hands to be packed and sold, under a penalty
of $20 per acre. 1 cent per pound of raisins,
liquidated damages for failure to deliver the
crop to us. Packers handling 95 per cent of the
crop have also signed contracts with us ■ to
pack and Fell our raisins, and they are under
a penalty of $20 per ton not to pack, buy or sell
any raisins outside of our association. Under
our packers' contracts we retain control of the
raisins, and when sales are reported to us we
will Issue invoices direct to purchasers, and
have drafts and bills of lading made out to our
own order. Packers are at liberty to pay. us
cash for raisins and thus control shipments.
Dividing commission with purchasers will
compel us to withdraw our business from the
offender. No raisins will be shipped on con
signment. Purchasers will have ■ the right to
examine goods on arrival before delivery and
paying draft. Packers guarantee to us sales
reported, provided the raisins are of the qual
ity Indicated by our inspector's mark on the
package. All raisins are to be packed under
the supervision of the inspectors appointed and
controlled by us. . -
We pledge ourselves to begin our sales at our
minimum prices, to raise prices moderately at
Intervals, and not to lower prices at any time
before the new crop comes In next year. If
through a scarcity of dried fruit, or for any
other cause, the market will justify It, we will
make larger advances In prices; but we have
no desire to check consumption by unduly In
creasing prices. Any surplus not wanted by
the market will be sold for export, or to the
■wineries for brandy making-
All sales will be made through the packers or
their selling agents, and -any orders s»nt di
rectly to us will be returned to the sender with
the request that the purchase be made through
the channels above mentioned.
In view of the most unsatisfactory methods
of marketing our rulsin crop in practice dur
ing past years we confidently hope for the cor
dial support of the trad» in our present efforts
to so manage the business that It will be a
source of profit and pleasure to all in any way
connected with the industry: and we desire to
call especial attention to seeded raisins which
are sure to become popular with all house
keepers as soon as their merits become known,
and which are now packed with great care and
in most attractive one-pound cartons. Very
truly yours,
California Raisin Growers' Association,
M. THEO. KEARNEY, President.
WEATHER REPORT.
O2rtth Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, August 26, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
Teported from stations In California to-day:
Eure-lca. 61, Fresno 94, Los Angeles SS, Red
Bluff ■«, San Luis Obispo 72. San Diego 74,
Sacramento 82. Independence *2. Yuma 104.
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature
64. minimum 54. mean 50.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A trcugh-like depression extends over the
plateau repion from the British possessions
couth to Mexico. The pressure Is highest off
the Northern California coast. The pressure |
h»s risen over the northern portion of the Pa
cific slope.
The temperature still remains abnormally
hlph over the nlateau region, where It Is from i
10 to IS degrees above tlie normal. The tem
perature has fallen decidedly over Western
Oregon and the greater portion of Washing
ton. It has remained about stationary over
California.
The weather is generally cloudy over the
plateau region and Oregon and Washington,
clear In California and partly cloudy In Ari
zona. Light sprinkles of rain are reported
from Oregon, Washington, Northern Nevada and
Arizona. A thunderstorm is reported from
Yuma.
Conditions are favorable for scattered thun
derstorms over the plateau regions and in the
mountains of Southern California and Arizona.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, AugUßt 27. 1S98:
Northern California— Fair Saturday, except
partly cloudy along the coast in the morning;
brisk northwest wind.
Southern California — Cloudy along the coast,
cloudy with occasional thunderstorms In the
mountains Saturday: fresh west wind.
Nevada — Cloudy with thunderstorm s In the
mountains Saturday; cooler.
Nevada — Cloudy with thunderstorms In the
mountains Saturday; cooler.
Arizona — Cloudy with occasional thunder
storms in the mountains Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Faturday morning, fair during the day; brisk
west wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals: Clear;
■wind .west, 10 mile?. Temperature, 69; maxi
mum temperature, 66.
G. H. WILSON. Obßenrer.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK BTOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Auk. 28.— Indications In tha
■took market late yesterday that the liquida
tion of profits was over for the present and
that powerful Interests were preparing to enter
on the long side, were party confirmed to-day.
Prices went up sharply at the opening, but
there were sufficient selling orders placed with
commission houses to reduce the gains In the
grangers and put a stop to the advance. The
enormous absorption of the Northern Pacific
stocks, however, was unabated and the ag
gressive strength shown by sugar also helped
the early rise. The large outside offerings to
take profits nerved materially to decrease the
buying movement, however, and a period of
dullness Intervened. It was terminated by the
sudden movement In Union Pacific, which rose
early above 32 and was held there for the
balance of the day. The preferred stock wu
also lifted to 67, and the movement extended to
the grangers and Southwestern railroads. The
Northern Pacific stocks suffered from profit
taking under cover of this diversion of specu
lation, but the advance in the general list was
continuous and the morket broadened so as to
embrace a large number of dormant stocks.
The grangers were all advanced to near the
high point on the present movement, and St.
Paul rose a sharp fraction above It. The closa
was strong.
Profit taking was In evidence In some of tha
speculative bonds to-day, but the standard
shares were generally steady. Total sai«B,
$4, 770. 000.
Government bonds were unchanged.
Sales of stocks to-day 854.790 shares, including
29,000 Atchison preferred, 24, 800 Burlington, 7715
D. * It- G. preferred, 17.1R6 L. & N.. 17,973
Manhattan. 4623 New York Central, 59.250
Northern Pacific, 27,460 New York Central pre
ferred 13,765 Rock Island, 5130 Union Pacific.
68 335 St. Paul, 4210 Texas and Pacific, 51,450
Union Pacific preferred. 3740 Tobacco. 1€,135
Chicago O. W., 37,220 People's Oas. 79.190 Rone
and TVinr. RR.BS7 Sugar, 4220 T. C. & 1., 8222
Leather preferred, 4195 Western Union.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison .......... 14 "■* ! Do prefd; ...... '.. 154
do &:::::... 37 kp.M/u...., m ■
Baltimore & Ohio 16 So Pacific ........ 224
Canada Pacific .. 85 So Railway 9£
Canada Southern. 56 Do prefd ■■••••■ 3«Tt
Central Pacific .. IS% Texas,& Pacific. : 16 --
Ches & 0hi0...... 24% Union Pacific .... 32%
Chi & ; Alton 159 > Do prefd ...... ; 6.
Chi B & Q.;..;.;iißTi VP D & g....... : 8 *
Chi & E 111 61% Wabash 8%
CC C & St L.... . 43*4 Do prefd 21%
Do prefd 86% Wheel & L E..... 1%
Del& Hudson... 109 Do prefd Hi*
Del L & W 149 .Express Companies-
Den & R G 14% Adams Ex 106
Do prefd ....:... 55% American Ex 13- .
Erie (new) 14% United States .... 41
Do Ist prefd.... 38% Wells Fargo: ..... 120
Fort Wayne 172 Miscellaneous—.
Gt Nor prefd.... 137% A Cot Oil 3"»
Hocking Valley .. 5% Do prefd . SB%
Illinois Central .. 112% Amn Spirits ..... UV»
Lake Erie & W... IS Do pref.i. *0;%
Do prefd ........ 76 Am Tobacco ..... 14.i%
Lake Shore .. I!>2>4 Do prefd 13»
| Louis & Nash 60 " People's Gas 107
Manhattan L .... 95% Cons Gas I*9
Met St Ity 166% Com Cable C 0.... 170
Mich Central .... 108 Col F & Iron 24%
Minn A St L 2714 Do nrefd 75
Do Ist prefd.... 8954 Gen Electric 40%
Mo Pacific 37 Illinois Steel 0%
Mobile & 0hi0.... 2SVi Laclede Gas 63
Mo X & T... 12% Lead 35%
Do prefd 36% Do prefd' 112
Chi Ind & L 9% Nat Lin Oil J%
Do prefd ....... 33 Haw Com C 0..... 26H
N J Central 93% Pacific Mail ..... 34%
N V Central 11S% Pullman Palace... 186
! N T Chi & St L.. 13Vi Silver Certificates 69%
! Do Ist prefd.... 65 Stand R& T 9%.
Do 2d prefd.... S3 (Sugar "6%
Nor West 15% Do prefd 1"%
! No Amer Co 6*vT C & Iron 32%
; No Pacific 40% U S Leather ..... ' 7%
i Ontario & W 16% Do prefd 72%
Or R A Nay 61 US Rubber ..:... 46%
iOr Short Line 34% Do prefd 105% ,
: Plttsburg 169 West Union 95
Reading 19% C & N W.. ....... 136
Do Ist prefd.... 45 ■Do prefd 176
Rock Island ..... 106 St L & S W 5%
St Louis & S F.. i%\ Do prefd 12%
Do Ist prefd.... 67%1R G W 30
Do 2d prefd.... 34%| Do pr«fd 68
St Paul 114 Chi G W ... 17%
Do prefd 158 Brooklyn R T.... 66%
St Pi Om 85%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 128 N J Css 114
Do coup 128 N Carolina 6s 125
U S 4s 112 Do <s 102
Do coup 112 - No Pac 15t5...... 112%
Do 2ds 9S Do 3s 67%
V S 6s reg 113 Do 4s 100%
Do ,"s coup 113 N YC4- St L 4b. 106
District 3.65s .... 117 Nor & W Cs 122
Ala class A 108 Northwstrn cons. 141%
Do B 120 Do deb 5s 119
Do C 90 |O Nay lsts 114
Do Currency ... 90 O Nay 45.... 99%-
Atchlson 4s 95% O S Line 6s tr.... 127%
Do adj 4s 72> O S Line 5s tr.... 10S
Can So 2ds 109% Pacific 6s of 95.. 102%
Chi Term 4s *>\ Reading 4s 53%
C * Ohio 6s 115% R G W lsts 90%
C H & D 4%5.... nV4ig St L & I M C f.s. 99%
D & R G Ista 111% St L & S F G 6s. 120%
D & RG 4? 95 St P Con 156%
East Term lsts.... 93 St PC & P lstß. 120
Erie-Gen 4s 74% Do 6n 117%
rW & D lsts tr. 7* So Railway 55.... 5>S%
Gen Elec 6s 10S Stand R& T 65.. 79
G H & S A f.5... 105 Term new set 35.. M
Do 2ds 105 Tex P L G lsts.. 108
IH&T Css 111% Do Rg 2ds 45%
Do con 6s 108% U P D & Q lsts. 77%
lowa C lsts 10»% Wab Ist 5s 112
La new cons 45.. 104 I Do 2ds S3
L & N 45.... 90% W, Shore 45.. 109%
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries 75%
M K& T 2ds 65% Do deferred ... * 7 »
1 Do 4s 91 Wls Cent lsts 63%
N V Central lsts. 116 I
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 12 Ontario 6 50
Crown Point 10 Ophlr 10
Con Cal & Va.... 27 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 25 Quicksilver 125
Gould & Curry... 10! Do prefd 350
Hale & Norcross. 65! Sierra Nevada. .. 40
HomcFtake 45 00 Standard 146
Iron Sliver 68 1 Union Con 12
Mexican 09 Yellow Jacket ... 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 87%
Call loans 2@3 Do prefd 105%
Time loans 3@4 Westinghouse El. 31
Stocks— Do prefd 67%
A T & S F" 14 Boston L 65
Amer Sugar 145!* E E Illinois ISS
Do prefd .." 115% Bonds-
Bay Ksate Gae... 1% Atchison 4s 93%
Bell Telephone ... 283 Mining Shares-
Boston & Albany. 235 Allouez Mm Co.. 4%
Boston A Maine. 165 j Atlantic 28
Chi Bur & Q 116% Boston & Mont... 220
Fttchburg 104 Butte & Boston.. 24%
Gen Electric 41 Calumet & Hecla. 680
Illinois Steel 70 Centennial ". 20
Mexican Central.. 6 'Franklin. 14
N V & New Eng. 7S ;Osceola 58
Old Colony : 135 Quincy 120
Or Short Line.... 33 Tamarack 174
Rubber 46 Wolverine 27%
Union Pacific .... 32% I Old Dominion ... 29%
LONDON MARKET.
NEVT YORK. Aug. 26.— The Evening Poft's |
financial cablegram says: Stocks were quiet
here to-day, except Americans, which were
active and strong. They opened quiet, but soon j
became buoyant on buying of Northern Pacific i
and Union Pacific from Berlin. St. Paul also j
advanced sharply on belated bears buying, the
only sellers being arbitrage houses, where fair
margins existed. New York also absorbed
stocks readily. Prices closed at the best and
arbitrage dealers expressed confidence of a fur- |
ther rise in spite of such factors a.« a fill in j
wheat. Canadian Pacific was sold from Berlin,
but it Bubsequently rallied with Americans.
Spanish exchange on London is higher, and
consequently Spain is again buying sliver.
A preliminary report issued by the Indian
Cusrency Commission, containing evidence of
experts, excites much attention. It is believed
in the best-informed quarters here that the
gold standard experiment will be tried.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, BS'4: Grand Trunk. 7%: bar
silver dull, 27 13-16 d: money, H*?H per cent.
PARIS Aug 26— Spanish fours closed on the
bourse to-day at 42.sr>. against 42.72H, the clos
ing price of yesterday. ■
LONDON, Aug. 26-Bar silver quiet at 2,% d
per ounce. Gold barn. 77s lOd.
Spnnlsh fours closed on the Ptock Exchange
at 42%. unchanged from yesterday.
FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— Bradstreet's Finan
cial Review to-morrow will say: Reactionary
tendencies marked the early part of the week,
the market also showing a decrease of activity
and a falling off of the recent public Interest
In speculation. A firmer tone and a renewal of
the advancing; tendencies ha«, however, ap
peared In the last two days. There has been
no positive news of an unfavorable character
apart from rumors that warm weather was In
juring the corn crop at the West, and a hard
ening of the money market, which latter cir
cumstance Is partially offset by the easier ten
dency In rate* of exchange. The depression
may accordingly be charged partly to the heat
ed term, partly to the temporary falling off of
public Interest and partly to professional spec
ulators realizing on their purchases. There was
also renewed evidence of bearish manipulation,
and the sharp decline of Manhattan, which
waa one of the features of the week, was gen
erallj' charged to that cause. Its subsequent
firmness and recovery also seemed to represent
covering of a short Interest In It. While a few
stocks, notably Northern Pacific, were excep
tionally strong, the general list sagged off un
der realizing saJea and bearish pressure, thin
being apparent In the granger and other por
tions of the list that have recently made such
marked advances. London, while sending
prices higher, has, on the whole, been a seller
of our stocks on balance. The bond list has
been strong, though Its features have been
mainly cheap specialties like Texas Pacific
second Incomes and Standard Rope and Twine
securities. In all of which marked advances
have been scored.
Government bonds have not been as active,
as the demand for the older Issues has slack
ened and fractional recessions have been re
corded In some cases. The new 3 per cents,
after touching lOSV4, also receded to lOSH on
sales of allotments by subscribers for amounts
up to 14000, which this week received nottce of
acceptance.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, Aug. 28.— R. O. Dun & Co.'v
weekly review of trade will ray: The voluma
of business reflected In exchanges at the prin-
cipal Clearing-houses is 20.4 per cent larger
than last year and 26.8 per cent larger than
In 1892, heretofore the year of largest business
and highest prosperity ever known. Part of this
Increase was due to speculation at New York,
but there are most healthy Increases over the
best of the previous years, and though in some
branches business is not satisfactory In char
acter, in nearly all it Is In volume larger than
ever before. No unfavorable change appears In
the prospect of crops, upon which the welfare
of th» country largely depends, nor is there
present or threatening financial disturbance.
Europe has not wearied of buying American
securities, although some speculators nave been
selling, nor is there shown any want of con
fidence among American Investors. Compari
sons as to foreign trade are apt to mislead, be
cause imports last year were extraordinarily
small after the big rush to anticipate new
duties, while exports were beginning to show
the phenomenal demand which made the year
quite the most remarkable In our history.
Hence, of the decrease, 13 per cent from New
York In August thus far is not alarming, but
sales of products yet to be followed are large
and have stopped any advance in the current
rates of foreign exchange. Nor 1b It at all
disheartening that Imports at New York for the
month thus far exceed last year's by nearly
$5,000,000, since last year they fell below those
of 1596 by more than J4.000.000.
Wheat goes down 3 cents this week as if
there were no foreign demand coming, the
previous concert of farmers to keep back
wheat, the crop being certainly very large,
tending to enccurajfe a conspiracy of traders
agalnnt them, which thus far has entire con
trol of the market. Atlantic exports for the
week have been 2.731.594 bushels, against 3,668.
369 last year, and for four weeks of August
13.101.079 buyhels, against 13,378.638 last year,
while Pacific exports, 254, 2j3 bushels for the
,week, against 770, 51 9 last year, have been for
the month 1,303,794, against 1.405.333 last year.
It Is wise to remember that the foreign de
mand on account of last year's shortage Is
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 27, 1898.
still lapping over, while reports show that
foreign crops are about average.
The output of iron and steel no longer meas
ures the demand, and the stipulated stop
pages of furnaces In the Shenango and Ma
honing valleys has raised the price of besse
mer pig at Pitt.sburg to $10 50 and of gray
forge to t'J 25, without any certainty whatever
that such prices can be maintained when the
valley furnaces resume operations, as some of
them are now doing. The natural result Is
that the Pittsburg region Is bo much the less
able to compete with the great Illinois com
bine juet formed, which is getting all the
business it can do and promises to turn out
Iron at IcES cost than any other works in the
country At all polntß bars promise a lnrgpr
output than ever before and structural forms
and plates are In heavy demand, while the
tlnplnte producers have felt themselves obliged
to advance prices about ten cents per b6x and
the sales are said to be very heavy.
Failure* for the week have been- 1(9 In the
United States, against 223 last year, and 26 in
Canada, against 34 last year.
BRADSTREET'S REVIEW.
NEW YORK. Aug. 26— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: Business Interests In the main
reflect the continuance of most of the favor
able features hitherto dominating the trade
situation In the more favored section of the
country. Prominent In this direction, of course,
are the iron and steel and allied Industries in
which active demand, present and prospective,
has led to further price advances, sustained
and even increased activity in distribution at
most Western markets, with some Improvement
likewise rioted at the South and on the Pacific
Coast, steadiness in prices— wheat, corn and
cotton, however, excepted— a reduced number of
business failures, fair gains in railroad earn
ing as a whole, and bank clearings. In spite of
a slight reduction from last week, showing
heavy gains over all cci»*spondlng periods in
previous years. The less^avorable elements in
the situation are the reports of arrested or
smaller than expected trade at Eastern mar
kets, particularly in textile lines, lower quota
tions and apparently less active demand from
abroad for our cereal products and reduced
prices paid for the Souths great Staple, raw
cotton. Qualifying the latter, might be men
tioned the fact that spring wheat has apparent
ly begun to move In the Northwest, and the
promise of large yields in wheat and cotton
alike has tended to depress prices.
In iron and' steel the strength developed has
been notable, and the confid'tH-e expressed is
striking in view of the willingness of new
buyers to immediately grant price demands.
The situation of the Iron and steel mills, how
ever, with order books filled for from thirty
to sixty days ahead, albeit much of this Is at
old prices, is one of aggressiveness, and numer
ous orders have been turned down because of
time limits demanded or set for delivery. Ad
vanced quotations for Bessemer pigiron, steol
billets, lead, copper and spelter are features
of the week, and even tinplate* show a gain
In prices after a long period of depression.
The feature of demand at Western markets
this week has be^n the inquiry from Jobbers
of dry goods, clothing and boots and shoes,
special activity being noted at Chicago, St.
Louis, St. Paul, Louisville and Omaha.
Whent shipments for the week, including
flour, aggregated r?.. r ifi3.47fi bushels, as against
3.959.34S bushels last week. 5.149.60 bushels in
the corresponding week of 1897. 3,271.854 bush
els In 1596. 1.571,i'2S bushels In 1895 and 3.420,000
bushels In 1594.
Business failures In the United States this
week number 172. against 195 last week ar.-i
compared with 210 In this week a - year ago,
320 In 1596. 190 In 1895 and 192 in 1894.
Business failures in Canada this week , num
ber 27, against 23 last week, 29 In this week
a year ago, 31 In 1596 and 42 in 1595. .-'. %
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— following table,
complied by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at eighty-nine cities for the week ended
August 25, with the percentage of increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week of laet year: .
Percentage.
Cities— Inc. Dec.
New York $802,171,465 27.
Boston SMI. 11*1,648 IS.I
Chicago 91.ai3.5X4 .... ....
Philadelphia 66,140,014 16.9 ....
St. Louis 22,111,300 14.0
I'ittsburg 17.737,192 14.1
Baltimore 14,608,582 '; ....' 1.0
San Francisco 13,152,294 .... 16.0
Cincinnati . 1u.479.400 1.5 ....
Kansas City. 11.116,246 ....
New Orleans 6.020,100 .... 2.7
Minneapolis ......... 6,K37,572 .... 29.3
Detroit 6,007,411 .... 2.8
Cleveland ........ 5.225,403 27.1 !
Louisville 5,253,268 .... ' 2.5
Providence .. 4,256.100 ' 8.2 ....
Milwaukee 4,578.904 1.5 ....
St. Paul 3.1:76.149 .... 8 2
Buffalo 3,613.451 .... 3.8
Omaha 5.554.784 28.6 ....
Indianapolis 6.2&0.360 19.3 ....
Columbus, 0... 3,260.200 11.6 ....
Savannah 1.611.323 8.5
Denver 2.623.867 27.8 ....
Hartford 1.781.287 ...., 12.0 ....
Richmond 2,436.039 39.2 » ....
Memphis 1,092,142 .... - ....
Washington 1.477.862 ..„' ' 6.7
Peoria 1,515.753 .... 13.5
Rochester 1.816,525 19.0 ....
New Haven 1.348,815 19.0 • ....
Worcester 1,402.516 26.8
Atlanta 850.500 3.0
Salt Lake City 1,081,511 29.6 ....
Springfield, Mass 1,520,635 42.3 ....
Fort Worth 1.841.313 68.4 ....
Portland, Me ;... 1.234,366 .... 9 1
Portland, Or 1.385,336 17.3 ....
St. Joseph .".'.'.... 2,200.416 137.8 ...
Los Angeles 1,114,810 10.0 ....
Norfolk 791.853 4.9 ....
Syracuse 873.250'_ . 7.1 ....
Dcs Molnes 902, 258 .S , 8.2 ....
Nashville 841.729 •• 2*
Wilmington. De 1..... . 777.998 24 1
Fall River 664.623 25.1 - ..'.'.
Scranton 764.310 15.1
Orand Rapids 855,555 13 3
Augusta, Ga 401, 889 .....
Lowell 649.343 15.6 ....
Dayton. O 635,138 13.8
Seattle 1.153.647 44.8 ....
Tacoma 552.4?2 47.7 ....
Spokane ...' 693,840 28.5 ....
Sioux City....... 706,605 36.6 ....
New Bedford 403,620 8 3
Knoxville, Term 432,977 . • "c 8
Topeka 613,113 - 14.3 ..'..
Birmingham ........ 373,431 1.0
Wichita 464.015 23.0 ■'.'"
Blnghamton •..■.; 283.200 .. 13 8
Lincoln 316,252 10.1
Lexington. Ky 716,487 126 .'."
Jacksonville, F1a.... 170,707 14.0
Kalamazoo 327,890 36.8
Akron 316.900 26.3
Bay City 143.208 .... 13*9
Chattanooga 292,424 8 9
Rockford. 11l 167,193 ■ 2 4 """"
Canton. 0 181,000 ,38 1
Sprlngneld, 0 242.861 { ... ij'i
Fargo. N. D... 161. «34 242.5 . '
Sioux Falls. 8. D... 83 841 148 6
Hastings, Neb.. 68.427 , 34*0
Fremont. Neb 87,276 " ■ ie
Davenport 648,935 29 9
Toledo 2.220.763 4.6 ""**
Galveston 5.530.200 23 4 *"**
Houston 4,279,998 .... ji'*
Youngstown -271.338 613
•Macon 292,000. .... ""*"
■•Evansvllle- 691.743 " **""
•Helena ■ 656,773 .... [*?*
Totals U. $1.249,50<»,012 19~J
Totals outside N.Y. 448.437,547 6.4 *'"
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal ....'........•. $12,747,213 16.8
Toronto ...:.......... 7,499.974 23 2 *"""
Winnipeg... 1.586,824
Halifax 1,038,243 10.0
Hamilton 575.580 11. 0
St. John, N. 8...... 645,958 3.8 ..".*
Totals 5 $24,293,982 17T7 7777
•Not Included In totals because containing
other 'Items than clearings. - ■- • ■, .
NEW' YORK- GRAIN • AND PRODUCE. -
NEW YORK, Aug. 26 -FLOUR— Receipts.
19,212 barrels; exports, 20,000. Fairly active and
lower for new spring patents and bakers',
other grades quiet.
WHEAT— Receipts, 70,200 bushels; exports,
1C5.812. Spot, weak; No. 2 red, 71Hc f. o. b.
afloat to arrive and spot. Options opened
stronger and advanced slightly on good foreign
buying, local covering, higher late cables and
disappointing receipts). In the last hour, how
ever, a successful raid by bears sent prices to
the lowest point and they closed He below yes
terday. No. 2 red August, 73<§'74c, closed 73c;
September. 6SHftf69%c, closed fli^c.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE — Optlona closed •teady, unchanged to
5 points lower. Sales, 19,600 bags. Including
September, $6 65@5 70. Spot coffee— Rio, firmer;
No. 7 invoice. fi*.*r'6Vsc; No. 7 Jobbing, 6"4i{J7c;
mild, very steady; Co/dova, lOlSc
SUGAR— Strong for raw and held higher; fair
refining, 3 13-luc; centrifugal, 96 test, 4'ic; re
fined, strong.
METALS— Steady, while showing rather less
activity. The local mßrttet for metals is gen
erally firm and In some Instances prices were
a shade stlffer. News at hand was of a fa
vorable average and tended to make holders
cautious. At the close the Metal Exchange
quoted:
PlGlßON— Warrants dull, with $6 55 bid and
$6 75 ;,:-»• -1.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged but firm, with
$12 25 bid and $12 35 asked.
TlN— Dull, with $16 bid and $16 20 asked.
LEAD—Quiet but firm, with $4 10 bid and
$4 16 afked. ,
SPELTER— Firmer, with $4 75 bid and $4 85
a«ked.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3E19 packages. Weak-
Western creamery, 14%@19c; Elgins, 19c; fac
tory. 111H4C.
EGGS — Receipts, 8670 packages. Steady;
Western, 16c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Aug. 86.— California dried fruits
quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. «@Bc;
prime wire tray. 9c; choice, 9%c; fancy, 9\@ioc
PRUNES- ig-Sc. t '
APRICOTS-ftayal, ll@13c; Moorpark, 13616 c
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 7<§>9c; peeled, 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Aug. 26.— The tendency at the
start in Wheat was toward weakness, but the
market soon turned strong and prices continued
to creep uj> tor an hour and a half, during
which time September rose from 63$»<3>63Tic at.
the start to 64% c. It . held firmly within %c
of the price mentioned another ; half hour. : and
then In about fifteen minutes undid all Its
previous work by dropping back ] once more
to 63%@63?ic The September future, 5 while
showing the widest range in values,, was not
the most heavily dealt In. The new business
was largely confined to December and May, in
which latter deliveries fluctuations were less
and the volume of trade : larger. A good deal
was done in the way of buying short W neat
for September and reselling it for December.
The Liverpool market responded but feebly to
the previous day's rise here. The Continental
markets were unchanged, except for August
delivery at Paris, where one of the periodical
French corners was in progress. . Demand from
the seaboard i for shipping Jots was not very
brisk, and was principally' for September de- j
livery. The market ruled very heavy near the
end, but rallied a. fraction Just as the bell was .
; tapping. September and December closed %@ |
%c lower each on the day.
Little business was done in Corn for export,
but the tone - was heavy for an hour or so.
during which It was strengthened by the early j
bullishness of Wheat. September closed Vie
lower.
Trade in Oats was only moderately active and ;
pretty well scattered. There was some inquiry |
from the seaboard for : heavy grain, but the |
bids* were somewhat out of line. September j
closed unchanged to %c higher.
Provisions were- affected in a small way by ;
the talk of ■ yellow fever in Texts. Pork is
down So. and lard. and ribs remain unchanged.
The leading futures ranged a3 follows:
Articles— { Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
August ...1.......:.. 68 68 - 67% 67%
September fiS% C 4% 63% 63% |
December 61 7/ » 62% 61>4 61%
May 03% 64 63% 63%
Corn No. 2— V-:.;-:.;/v...;xi
August 30% 30% 29% 29%
September 30% 30% 2n% 29%
December ...:....... 30%". 30% 29 % 29% :
May 32% 32% 32% 32% :
Oats No. 2—
September 19% 20 19% 19%
May 22% 22% 22 22
Mess Pork, per barrel —
September BM 8 87% 880 8 82%
October ....8 82% 885 ? 77% 885
December ..8 90 890 , 885 8 87%
Lard, per 100 pounds—
September. 5 07% 5 07% 505 5 07%
October 5 12% smi 510 5 12-.;
December 5 17% 5 17% 515 5 17% \
Short Ribs per 100 pounds—
September 5 17% 5 17% 515 5 17% :
October 5 17% 5 17% 115 5 17% ;
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, '
quiet; No. 2 spring wheat. 64c; No. 3 spring
wheat, 62#68e; No. 2 red. 63c; No. 2 corn, 30% c;
No. 2 oats, 20%#20»ic; No. 2 white, 231r25c: No.
1 white. 22%@23Vie; No. 2 rye, 42% c; No. 2 bar- ;
ley, 46c; No. 1 flaxseed. .s9c; prime timothy I
seed, $2 45; mess pork, per bbl, %h SS'iJS 90: lard,
per 100 lbs, $5 ou@s 07%: short ribs side* (loose).
$5 05@5 30; dry salted shoulders (boxed), $4 60@
4 75; short clear sides (boxed). $5 50®5 60.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 9.200 v..- 4.600
Wheat, bush 127.500 141.400
Corn, bush ....*. 456.5C0 680,900
Oats, bush 132.400 365.300
Rye, bush 14.400
Barley, bush 32.500 500
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market and Eggs were unchanged.
WHEAT MOVEMENT.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities — Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 174,750 83,380
Duluth 130,988 134.744
Milwaukee 31.200 1.300 ;
Chicago 127.540 131.419
Toledo 95,584 24,700
St. Louis • 46.000 27.000
Detroit ••• 37,384 55,962
Kansas City 135,000 60,500
Totals 778,446 523,005
Tidewater —
Boston 26.540 136.218 '
New York 108.225 278,761
Philadelphia 13.196 15.559
Baltimore 65.357 24.000
New Orleans
Galveston ..." 58,461
-
Totals 274.812 476,568
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 C«4 . 6 3%
Closing 5 6% 5 2%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— 'v«. Nov.-Feb.
Opening ..: 55 60 44 25
Closing 58 00 44 65
Flour —
Opening .....22 40 20 80
Closing 23 00 20 90
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. Aug. CATTLE— In cat
tle to-day was slow and sales dragged to weak :
and slightly lower prices. [ Choice steers, $5 30®
0 SO; medium,: $4 80^5; beef steers, $4 25(?4 75;
stockera and feeders, . $3©4 75; bulls, .$2 55«P4 40;
' cows '. and heifers, $3@4 46; 'calves, $4fr7 IS;
Western rangers, $3 25@l 70; fed Western steers,
$4 25105 60; Texans. $3 50(g5 30.
HOGS— barely steady for poor, but
strong for the best. Fair to choice. $3 900
4 07%; packing lots. $3 5003 87%; butchers'.
$3 7504 05: mixed, $3 60@4 10; light, $3 70@4 10;
pigs, $2 90#3 SO. • , ■ • ,
SHEEP— Trade in sheep was extremely dull
at weak values. - Common to choice native
rangers, $3 50@4 70; native sheep, $3@4 80; poor
to prime lambs, |<M 15. * - ■■-'•: £r 'j
Receipts— Cattle, 3000; hogs, 25.000; sheep, 17.
000. - • --- •■ " -
I KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Aug. 26.— Receipts.
6500. Market steady. Native steers, $3@o 60;
cows and heifers, $I@s; stockens and feeders,
$3<3'4 85; bulls. $2 85(83 50. . .
HOGS— Receipts. 5000. Best lights firm, other
hogs steady to weak. Bulk of sales, $3 70©3 80.
Heavies, $3 771491 »■» ■ packers $3 60(f3 SO ;
mixed. $3 6003 SO; lights, -$3 65@3 7-; pigs,
{3 SHEEP- Receipts, 4000. Market steady.
Lambs, $3 75@5 80; muttons, $3<3'4 85.
|. OMAHA.
I OMAHA, Aug. '•26.-CATTL,E-Recelpts 2400.
Market steady. Native beef steers, $4 40®a 30;
Western steers. $3 90#4 66; cow* and heifers
$3 25!ai7T.; stockers and feeders, $3 55@4 .0;
bulls and stags. $2 25-i?4.
HOGS— Receipts 6200. Market n shade easier.
Heavy. »J70«373: mixed. » 7053 72%; light.
Is 3 65<53 SO; bulk of sales, $3 70^3 75. ■-■. (
SHEEP-Reeelpts. 2200. Market steady. Fair
! to choice natives. $3 70«4 60; do Westerns, $3 60
©4 30; common, $304; lambs, $4n6.
; DENVER.
DENVER Aug. CATTLE— Receipts, 200.
! Market flrm.B^f steers S3 7504 20; cows $30
' $4; feeders, freight paid to river. $3 -^40.
etockers do. $3 90@4 50; bulls and stags. $2 5«
! — Receipts, 200. Shade lower. Light
* packers. $3 75@3 80; mixed, $J 7033 75; heavies,
* 3 4 HFE S P-Recelpts. 400. Market firm. Good
fat muttons, $3@4 25: lambs, $4So 50.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK Aug. 26.— California fruit sold
to-day Grapes-Malaga, 80c(S$l 15; Tokay, 95c
fn 12 70. Prars— Bartletts, $1 30(32; half boxes.
75c@$l 15 Peaches— cling, $1 10; Craw-
I ford cling, $1 10; late Crawford. 30!R7;>c. Plums
i-Bradshaw? 63c; Egg. 65c@$l 40: Columbia. 65c.
Prunes-Gros, 75c©$l 05; German. 7o®?0c; Sil
ver, 50®90c. Pears— Buerre Hardy. $1 4.->@l ,0
CHICAGO, Aug. 26.— California fruit sold to
day: Grape's— Malaga, $1.
__^__ x
DRIED FRUITS IN THE EAST.
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— The, Journal of Com
merce says: The spot stock of California dried
fruits carried over from last year in Icehouse
has. it Is reported, been nearly absorbed by
the current wants of consumption, and at the
present time the spot supply, particularly kof
apricots and peaches, Is said to be much
smaller than usual at this season. Taken in
connection with reports from the coast that the
output this year has been one of the lightest
on record,' the feeling Is very firm and the
tendency of prices Is upward. The , apricot
crop • this season was, as is now generally
known, exceedingly short, and the fruit for
the most part was of small size. The export
demand has taken most of the stock, leaving
i little for home wartfs. The shortage in peaches
i has caused a strong feeling in that article and
prices are decidedly higher for both spot and
to arrive There Is a considerably stronger
feeling in the market for California prunes.
Recent sales of .California irolt were made for
I early forward shipment at .3VJO34C f. o.jb.,
1 but to-day 314 c <"• ■°-• b. seemed to bo the Inside
price for shipment and holders appeared \ to be
indifferent sellers at that figure.
./ FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Aug. 26.— Consols, 110%; silver
27 13-16 d; French rentes. 103f 70c.
! Wheat cargoes off coast,, nothing doing; car-
I goes on passage, easier; English country mar
1 LIVERPOOL Aug. 26.— Wheat.' dull; French
country markets, firm; weather in England,
unsettled.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 B-16d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— No. 2 ' red " Western winter, dull,
5s "d. •■■■.'.-. ■•■ ':.■"'■
September, 3s 3d; October, . quiet, 3s
Hid. • - ■ ■ •
CASK IN THE TREASURY.
.WASHINGTON, Aug. To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $288,001,473; gold , reserve,
$210,209,655. ' '!■ ' ■'■ . ' •
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 2«.— Exchanges. 1203,
834;" balances, $51,288. .
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET. .
PORTLAND, : Or., Aug. :26.— Wheat la weak
again and ■[ quotations :; as far as ■ export values
i are • concerned ' are V. strictly '; nominal. Walla
! Walla, 63@54c; , valley and . blue stem, , ,'i7c. ■ '-.
I  ' -'- ' ' WASHINGTON,
| .' ■ TACOM, V Aug. * 26.— Nothing doing In ■ wheat.
Export price for club, 54c. Milling price for
blue stem, 60S 61c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE and" bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight — ; $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, 60 days.. — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 86%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. ~ — 17%
New York Exchange, sight '.'.. — ,
Fine Silver, per 0unce....... — 80%
Mexican ;, Dollars , 46 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— market continues soft and
dull, with a decline in milling, which is by no
means as brisk as It has been.
Font Wheat— Shipping. $1 10@l 12%; milling,
I $1 17%@1 22%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
! Informal * Session— 9:ls : o'clock— December—
6000 ctls, $1 14%; 10,000. $1 14%.
Second Session— December— 6ooo ctls, $1 13%.
' ; Regular Morning Session — December —
■ ctls, $1 12%; 6000, $1 12%; 2000. : $1 12%. May—
| 2CCO, $114.
Afternoon Session — December — 10.000 ctls.
i $1 12%; 4000, $1 12%; 14,000, $1 12%: 16,000. $1 12%.
BARLEY— Prices show no further change and
| the market Is quiet. .
Feed. $1 12%@1 17%: Brewing nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls,
$1 12%; 32,000. SI 13.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
. OATS— Business Is still light and confined to
I local Jobbing lots at unchanged quotations.
Fancy Feed, $1 25 per ctl; rood to choice, $1 20©
I 1 22%: ecjnmon. $1 12%®1 17%; Surprise, •$1 30®
' 1 32%; Gray, $1 17%@1 22%; mining, $1 22%®
1 1 25 per ctl. . .
CORN— The situation remains unchanged,
' with a dull business. Small round yellow, $1 2.-.;
Eastern large yellow." $1 1O«01 12%; white, $1 15®
, 1 20: mixed. $1 05<$l 074 per ctl.
RYE— sl 1501 17% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75151 X per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS,
The China steamer took out 23,020 barrels of
Flour.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 40@4 50; bakers'
! extras, H 1504 20 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
! lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
, Rice Flour, $7: Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
I Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat Groats.
'■ $4 SO; Hominy. $3 2ifi3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4
; (a* 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina, $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats (bar
' ley). $5 55<66 23; in sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
i Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Pea*. $4 50
] per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
All descriptions under this head remain with
out change.
BRAN— SIS 50@16 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIS@2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $24#25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50; Job
bing, $G2!jf32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24<i}25; Cotton
seed Meal, $2S"ff."M) per ton; Cornmeal, $23323 50;
Cracked Corn. $24{r24 EO.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $17@18 for
good and $14§16 for lower grades: no fancy
coming in; Wheat and Oat. $14 50@16 50; Oat,
$13 0O@16: Barley, ; Island Barley. $12#13;
Alfalfa, $120:13; Stock, $11@12 M; Clover, nomi
nal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
i Wheat, $13@14 50; Oat, $12@13 50: Cheat, $11®
| 13; Timothy, $11 50-313 50; Alfalfa, $U©ll 50
per ton.
STRAW— 4OO6Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Colored Beans are weak and white kinds firm,
which has been the situation for some little
time. No change in quotations.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 65^2 70: Small Whites,
, $2(^2 15; Large Whites. $17517190; Pinks, $2 25
I (32 30; Reds. $2 60$r2 75; Blackeye, $3 15^3 25;
Butters, nominal; LI mas, $303 15; Pea, $190(32;
, Red Kidneys, $2 5002 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 25®4 75 ■ per ctl:
Yellow Mustard, $l£4 25: Flax, nominal. $2®
I 2 10; Canary Seed, 2>4@2%c per lb; Alfalfa,
j from Utah, 5%c; Rape, 2Vi(&2%c; Hemp. 2%@3c;
I Timothy. s@sVic.
DRIED PEAS— $1 75@1 90; Green. $2 25
per ctl. * ■• .
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
There Is nothing new. Tomatoes continue In
overstock and dull. All other kinds are also
plentiful and cheap. ;
POTATOES— 4O@SOc In sacks for Early Rose
and 45070 c 'In ■ sacks and 50c!5?5l In boxes
for Burbanks: . Salinas Burbanks, 75c@$l 15;
Sweet Potato**. 2<32\c per Tb.
ONIONS— 6O©7Sc per ctl for yellow. Pickle
Onions. 7;.c'iisl per ctl. . \
VEGETABLES— Oreen Peas. Jo: String
Beans, l@2'/ic per lb; Lima Beans, 2@3c; Bay
Squash. 204i30c; Green Peppers. 354j>50e (or
Chile and 40®o0c for Bell: Cabbage, 50c per
ctl; Carrots, 300150 c per sack: Bay Cucumber*.
25@35c; Pickles. Jl 60@l 66 for No. 1 and 75c<gjl
for No. 2; River Tomatoes, 2OQ'3oc; Bay
Tomatoes, 30@40c; Green Corn, 50®85c per sack
for Vacavllle. 73c<3$l 25 per crate lor Alameda,
SOSr&c for Berkeley; Garlic. 2'&2Hc per Ib;
Green Okra, 50@«0c; Egg Plant, 33@40e per
box; Marrowfat Squash. $15 per ton. - .
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes
sliced, raw, 12c per Ib in lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desslcated. 16©i8c: granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions. COc; Carrots, old. 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 36c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Geese are firmer. Turkeys are weaker and in
better supply. Otherwise there is nothing new,
the market being well supplied with local stock.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 13@15c for Gob
bler? and 12V><cT13c for Hens: Geese, per pair.
Jl 25<!2 1 60; Goslings, Jl 60<gl 75; Ducks. J3@3 50
for old and $2 60«j4 50 for young; Hens. »4@3;
Roosters, youn.T, »5©6; Roosters, old, »4®4 50;
Fryers. *4 50: Broilers. »3 50^4 for large. %2 50(3
3 for small: Pigeons. $1 25<3>1 50 per dozen for
younj: and Jl 25 lor old. :
— Nominal. - .- ;j ;'
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Competition among handlers of Eastern Eggs
Is leading to cutting this product, as will be
soen by the reduced quotations. The local
kinds are unchanged. Dairy Butter Is lower,
as dealers are taking packed and Eastern goods
in preference. Cheese Is unchanged.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 24@25c; sec
onds, 23c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 21@22%c; common
grades. nyj^Oc.
Pickled Goods— Firkin. lS@2oc; pickled roll,
BfßHc; creamery tub. 20®22c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed. 16®16V6c per
lb; Elgin. 22@23c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9H®«te; old. 8@
9c; Cream Cheddar. 10@llc; Young America,
10011 c; Eastern, 12f?T13e. *
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 21<g'25e per doien: store
Eggs. 14017%o; Eastern, 14@16c for ordinary
and 17@18c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Pears have again advanced and are scarcer
than ever. Peaches are dull and weak, with
free stocks. Plums are firm. Figs are quieter
and Grapes are dragging badly. Melons are also
weak and in free supply.
There are hardly any Mexican Limes here.
Lemons are weak and Oranges dull.
Choice Apples are doing better.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $2 50@3 50 per chest for large
and for small.
Figs, 60@60c for white and 50c@$l for black,
double layers.
Cantaloupes, 60cG3>$l per crate; Nutmegs. 25@
50c per box: Watermelons, $15(??20 per 100 for
large and $sgfl2 for small to medium.
Huckleberries, s<jj'6c per lb.
Red Nectarines, Do®Bsc; White Nectarines. 35
@50c per box.
White Grapes. 25@50c per box; Black Grapes,
35@60c; Muscats, 40®60c; Seedless, 75@S5c;
Tokay, 60<S'65c. Crates sell about 10c higher than
boxes; Isabellas. $1 50® 1 75 per crate.
Blackberries, %2dfA per chest.
Plums, 25<Jt5Oc per crate and 25@50c per box;
In bulk. $lO®ls per ton.
Peaches, 40@65c per box for good to choice
and 2Z<g3ac for common stock; clings, $20<g>80
per ton; freestones, $20<3>35.
Cralmpples. 26050 C per box.
Raspberries, $6@7 per chest.
Apples, 30@60e for common, 75c@$l per box
for So. l.
Bartlett Pears, $1 25®1 50 per box and J4offso
per tnn for No. 1 and 50#75c per box and $25@35
per ton for ripe and inferior stock.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges, $101 50 for Va
lencia*. $I<Sl 25 for St. Michaels, 75c@Sl for
Mediterranean Sweets and 50375 c for Seedlings;
Lemons, $1 50®"2 50 for common and $3 60@4 ."0
for good to choice; Mexican Limes, tin; Califor
nia Limes. $I@l 50: Bananas, $1 26@2 26 per
bunrh; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS. RAISINS. ETC.
An Important circular to Raisin growers and
dealers appears In the first column.
While there is no change in dried fruits, the
feeling Is steadier ; and ' the * demand . is slowly
Improving. . Prunes ■ are ' no ■ longer weak, :: and
though they cannot be called ; firm, : the feeling
in them Is rather better. ;r As soon as the hot
weather ip over In the East and the merchants
get back ~. to - business the demand Is expected
to Improve a'l along. the line. •-- ' . ;.-
DRIED FRUIT— New Prunes. 3H@3%c for the
four sizes; old Prunes, carload lots,, 54F5Vc for
40-50' s.4H@5c for 50-60' s. 3\<g4c for «0-70's 3*40
S^jc for 70-SO's, 2^i©3c for ■ SO-SO" s, ; 2©2Hc for
90-100's; new Peaches, > 8e; new Apricots, 9©
lie for Royals and • 154f17V4c, for Moorparks;
Evaporated' Apples, 6 1£ HO; sun : dried, 3ig>4c;
Black • Figs, sacks, • 2*2^c; t new ■ Plums. s@6c
for pitted and lj:l*jc for. unpltted; Nectarines,
3@4V*c for prime *- ■ fancy; , Pears. . 3®sc for
quarters and 3<f|'sV«c for halves, .; according to
color, etc. ; new Pears, 6@70 , for • quarters and
B@9c for halves. . - . .- ■
RAISINS— 2<ff2Vic for two-crown, 2»4©2%c for
three-crown. • 333** c for ' four-crown. 3#4c l for
Seedless • Sultanas, ■ 2'i'aii- . for Seedless <« Mus
catels and JlQi 15 for London ■ Layers; ' dried
Grapes. 2c'
NUTS— Walnuts, new. «c for iiardshell, 7c for
softshell; Almonds, 3(g'4c for hardshell; 6Q'c for
softshell; BV6©9c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4®
5V»c for Eastern and 4V4c for California- Pe
cans, 6%<SSo: Filberts, 9H<3!loc; - Brazil ■ Nuts.
B® 9c per.rb; Coconnuta. $4 60*85 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, -c 9 <s 10c * for bright , and «<S7c
for ' lower grades: water- white T extracted, 6i«o
6c; light amber extracted; 4%05%0 Der Ib '-- ■
BEESWA:.-a4<S>26c per n>.*v .-" - - ;-°"; -°" : :
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Paeon. B%c per lb for
heavy. 3c for light medium, lOVic for light, lie
fur extra light and 12V4®13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar cured Hams, 10>i@llc; Califor
nia Hams, 9%©10o; Mess Beef, $10(610 60 per
bbl; extra Mess Beef, $11311 50; Family Beef,
$12@12 50; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
$18filS50; mess, $15 50® 16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c
per lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per lb
for compound and 7»4C for pure; pails. 8c; Cali
fornia tierces, 5c per lb for compound and 7c
lur pure; half barrels, 7V4c; 10-lb tins, 8c; 5-lb
tins. BVic.
COTTOLENE 1 — Tierces. 6*i<s6-%: packages
less than 300 lbs— l-'ib palls, 60 in a case, SVfce;
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pails, 12 in a
case, BVsC; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case. B%c; 50-Ib
tine, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, B Vic; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per lb.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides are quoted rather steadier at un
changed quotations. Hops are steady and some
sales are reported at the new quotations.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell !
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted i
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light. SMtc; Cow- I
hides, 9c; Stags, 6%c; Halted Kip. B>*c; Calf, ■
9c; dry Hides, sound, 15c: culls and brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17@18c;
Goatskins. 27V4@30c; medium, 30c; winter, 10c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@25c each; short
wool,'3o@4oc each; medium, 60@S0c; long wool, |
90c©$l 10 each; Horsehldes, salt, $2 23 for
large and $18*1 75 for small: Colts, 50c; Horse
hides, dry. $1 75 for large and 75c<g$l 25 for
small: Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3VJc per lb; No. 2. (
2%c; refined. 4%®4%c: Grease, 2c.
WOOL — Fall clip. Southern Mountain, 7©loc; :
free Northern, 9<312c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months', S@llc; San Joaquln and I
Southern, 7 months', S'P'lOc: Foothill and
Northern, free, 12®14c; Foothill and Northern. I
defective, 10SJ12e; Middle County. 13©16 c; Hum- j
boldt and Mendocino, 14@16c: Nevada, 10® 14c; |
Eastern Oregon, 10012 c: Valley Oregon. 15@17c. ,
. The circular of Jacob Wollner says: "Our I
market is still very dull and there Is very little
selling, although prices are well maintained.
Eastern seaboard markets ■ are reported in the
same condition, as the mills can place out
very little goods, and so are shutting down
or running on short time. - Prices . are well
maintained throughout this dull spell, which j
has lasted for nearly ten months. Statistically i
wool Is Ftrong. The only thing Is to await a ;
demand for goods which is expected from day j
to day, week to week, and month to month.
When it will come It Is hard to foretell, but
when It does come the dealers will have to
place orders at the mills and the mills will
have to come into the market and buy wool,
so a demand may . spring up at almost any
time. Prices are nominally unchanged In this
market and In the East."
HOPS— IB9B crop. 10@12#c; 1897 crop, B@loc
per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 4«t<*: Wool
Bags, 26@2Sc; San Quentln Bags, $4 85; Fruit
Bags, sc, 5Hc and 5%c for the three trades of
white and 7(?Sc for brown."
COAL — Wellington, $8 per ton: New Wel
lington. $8: Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5: Wallsend,
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 50 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle Gate.
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 In
sacks.
Harrison's circular says: "The following
deliveries of coal have been made this week,
viz : Throe from Washington, with 7550 tons;
three from British Columbia, 8363 tons; three
from Oregon, 1150 tons; seven from Australia,
18,454 tons; one from Swansea, 2917 tons; total,
38,440 tons. So long as coal comes to hand as
freely as it has been doing recently, consumers
will have no cause for complaint, as all un
filled contracts are now being cared for. Some
of . our largest consumers have been very for
tunate in making low-priced purchases several
months ago. which are now coming to hand;
their fuel will cost them much more for the
I next six to eight months at least. This is ab-
I solutely assured, as all the coal freight from
I Australia procurable into the first three months
I of 1599 has been already engaged at full rates;
I besides, the Colonial mail Just at hand states
pretty positively there will be an advance of
fully one shilling per ton on all Newcastle
products after January next. This will be good
news to our Coast colliery owners, as they regu
late their scale of prices by the delivery cost
of Australian. Coal freights from English ports
t are low enough (15s from Swansea), but their
! cargoes are unprocurable pro tern as the coal
I hewers still hold out for . a higher scale of
wages. The .British Government, with' Its
usual foresight, is making large contracts for
delivery of American coal at its many naval
stations. This should prove an object lesson
to coal operators in England and Wales."
RICE — Several kinds are lower. China mixed,
$4 25«?>4 30; China '~ No. 1. $4 90@3 20;, extra do,
$5 30115 60; Hawaiian, $5 75; Japan, $5 So@6 40;
Louisiana, $5 5006 fO.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cub*. Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 7c: Powdered. 6>4e; Candy
Granulated. 6e; Dry Granulated. 5%c: Confec
tioners'. A, . 5%c: Magnolia A. 5%c: Extra C.
6%c: Golden C. s*«e; California -A, 5%c per Tt>:
half barrels, He more than ' barrels, and boxes
%c more. :;.?,':■< .'.<>'- : '^-Tr -'>--'.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
All descriptions are quiet and unchanged.
The demand about balances the supply at the
moment.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6>£c; second quality,
sVs#6c: third quality. 4>~^">4c.
VEAL— Large. 4<ffsc; small. 6@7c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6® 7c; Ewes, 6@6%c
P< LAMB— Spring. 7^4@Bc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 3%®S%c for large. 4@4Ho
for medium and 3%@3Hc for small; stock Hogs.
2®3c; dressed Hogs. sVii?F6Vic.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday, August 26.
Flour, qr sks ... 17,577|W001. bales 76
Wheat, ctls 20.473 Pelts, bdls 180
Barley, ctls 4,895 Hides, no .». 995
Cheese, ctls 76 Eggs, doz 10,710
Butter, ctls 232 Quicksilver, flsk. 35
Benns, ska 514 Leather, rolls ... S3S
Potatoes, eks ... 4.955 Lumber, ft 35.000
Onions, sks 1,054 Wine, gals 42.750
Bran, eks SSO Lime, bbls 720
Middlings, sks .. 650 Sugar, bbls 102
Hay. tons 332 Do bags 350
Straw, tons 1*
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 2.900 Oats, ctls 2,090
Wheat, ctls 11.040 Wool, bales 201
Barley, ctls 4. 510 Hay, tons 65
OREGON.
Bran, sks 1,400 Hay. tons 30
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter is dearer. There is no * material
change in Cheese and Errs.
Meats and Poultry sell about at last week's
prices, though Turkeys are lower.
Fruits and Vegetables are plentiful as a rule,
though fine Pears are scarce and choice
Peaches are rather dearer than usual. Grapes
and Melons are abundant.
Following is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
Coal, per ton —
Cannel S 2 00 \ Castle Gate.s9 60@
Wellington . @10 00 Southflelrl
New welling- Wellington ® 9 50
ton ®10 00 Coos Bay ... © 7 00
Seattle 8 00#
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, fancy, per Common Egg5....15@20
square — ®60 Ranch Eggs, per
Do, p«r roll — @46 doz 25@30
Do, good — @40 Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Cal — @13 lb 12<f15
Cheese, Eastern.. 15® — Do, extracted... B@lo
Cheese, Swigs 20@25
Meats, per lb —
Bacon 12@17|Pork. fresh — ®12
Beef, choice —#12 Pork, salt lixul2
Do good B@lo'Pork, chops — @12
Corned Beef — @8 Round Steak 10®—
Ham. Cal 12HW15 Sirloin Steak.... 12^^—
Do Eastern — @15 Porterhouse, d0..17@20
Lard 12<reir>i Smoked Beef 12(£15
Mutton —®10 1 Pork Sausages —^20
Bprlng Lamb 12@— IVeal 10@15
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each.... SO© 65 Turkeys, pr lb 18® 20
Young Roost- Ducks each... M 60
ears, each .. 60® 75 Geese. each...l 00<31 25
Old Roosters, i Pigeons, pair. 25§> 50
each 40ig> E0 Rabbits, pair. if? 40
Fryers, each.. 60® 60 Hare, each @ 20
Broilers, each. 30® *>
Fruits and Nuts—
Almonds, 1b...V...10@12 Nutmeg Melons
Apples, 1b......... 4@ 6 each ...... s@lo
Blackberries-, per Oranges, doz 12@30
drawer 20<Jj:30 Pears, per lb . 4fl 6
Bananas, d0z....M6<520 Peaches, per 1b... 4(& 6
Cantaloupes, eachlO@ls Plums. ;1b.. ..'...'.. 4@ 5
Figs, per lb ....'., 6@10 Raspberries, per • ■
Grapes, per 1b.... 4@ 8 drawer ........ ..35@40
Huckleberries - Raisins. 1b....:...5@10
: per 1b'.. ..."..■.... B@lo Strawberries, per "-
Lemons, d0z.'..:..25®35 • drawer ......... 25035
Limes, doz ........15(320 "Walnuts,; 1b....:.. 12^15
Nectarines, pr lb. 4® 6 Watermelons, ech!s@2s
:" /Vegetables— : '-'■
Asparagus, 1b..... (S^IO I Lettuce, d0z. ...... 15@25
Artichokes," d0*... 204?30 Green Okra, 1b.... 6<g; 8
Beets, d0z........ .12015 Onions, ;1b.... :;..-. 4<B> 5
Beans, white, lb,. 4® 5 Peppers, green... 40 6
Colored, 1b...... *& 5 Potatoes, 4 - 1b..:.... M I
- Lima, 1b. ........ Big 1 6 Do -sweet.. ...r:.i& 5
Cabbage, .each.. .. 5(fTlO Parsnips, d0z.;.".. 15<g:20
Cauliflowers, each 6®lo Radishes, dz bchslO@l2
"C«lery,' .bunch..-.. 5® — Sape.- doz;bchs.r.23@3s
Cress, doz bnchs..2o(!r2s String Beans, lb.. sffl—
Cucumbers.- d0z. ! .10#15 Summer Squash.
Egg Plant, per lb. 4<i? 6 per. lb r :.. .:.....'. its 5
Green Corn, , d0z..12(?2S ' Thyme, 1b.... .'. MMQ
Green Peas, 1b.. 7; 4^ 6 Turnips, „ doz...... 15(920
Lentils, ;1b......:..6@ 8! Tomatoes, 1b.....3©4
Fish, per lb— ; ; :
Barracuda, ....... 8(S10 Shrimps 8(§>l0
Carp ..-....'.-.... ;.v Sfij 6 Shad ....■.:.' <s—
C0dfi5h;..........;. B@lo Sea Bass .........— ®io
Flounders ........ s^6' Smelts .:.."....... lO'S'l2
Herring ..........—«?— Soles ........;....; g@lo
Halibut ........... gifilO I Skates, -each...:..* 6(B>io
KinKflsh .......... B@lo 1 Tomcod .•...'....... B@lo
Mackerel ;.. — — I Clams, ga1........— ijj50
Do, : h0r5e...;... B@— j Do, '; hardshell; 100.40^50
Perch .;.. 8(f?10 Crabs, -each...-.:.. io@lS
Pompano ...... V..50(Fi)75 Do. softshell, doz.2.v<i3s
Rockflsh '-. . . . /. . . . — ri^lO , Mussels, ■ qt . . . . . . . 10(B>12
Salmon,'; smoked.. 2ofn!— j Oysters,! Cal, 100. 40^—
Salmon, s I reph . : : :. , S@lo Do Eastern; .25@40
The human heart ia 6 inches in
length, 4 inches in diameter, and beats
on an average of TO times a minut^—,
4200 times an hour, 100,800 times a davy
and 36.792,000 times in the course of a.'
year, so that the heart of an ordinary
man SO years of age has beaten J.uuu.
000,000 times^ __^_ — —- «
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to f>*n
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high ar..l low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, AUGUST 27.
Sun rises •• • '-"sXk
Sun sets • • ■••• •• • l> _ 5
Moon sets °" a - m -
1:46
i:42
3:31
4:15
4:57
5:38
H W
| 0:11
— 0.
— 0.
11:06
ll:40|
12:10
L. W|
6:16!
•i:
9::
5.
5.
5.
0.
5.1
S.I
1:
2:
3
4:
I:
3.1 7:24 i 5.T
2.9 S:3l, S.l
2.5 9:31| 5.1
2.0 10:27 5.8
1.51 11:20: 5.T
1.11
IL W\
5.31 6:45 0.9
a w
12:41
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the earl 7 morning tides are given In the left
hand column and, the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide ot
the day the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tUle of the day. except when there arc but
three tides -s sometimes occur. The heights
given "« addition, to the soundings on tiie
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (-) preeedei. the helerht.
and then the number given Is wMnctod from
the depth given by the charts. The plane^ of
reference is the mean of the lower low water
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, V. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. August
26. IS9S. _
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
biilcing was dropped at exactly •■> ion to-day-
i "c at noon of the 120 th meridlai, or at 3
p m. Greenwich mean Urne g p WELCH
Ensign (retired). U. S. N.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Homer ewp Or^; *"* '"
0rizaba......... Humboldt
Siam Nanaimo
Signal.... Grays Harbor
Empire Coos Bay
Santaßosa San Diego
Czarina Seattle . ■.
Columbia Portland '.
North F0rk..... Humboldt ................
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Sound
Willamette Seattle
Hueneme I Portland
Coob Hay........ Newport
Arcata Coos Bay
Chilkat Humboldt
Acapulco Panama
Portland St. Michael — j
Crescent City... Crescent City
Pomona San Diego
Lakme/... (Honolulu
State California Portland
Aug. 23
Aug. 23
Aug. 23
Aug. 23
Aug. 23
: Aug. 30
Aug. 30
Aug. 39
Aug. 30
j Aug. 30
Aug. 31
Aug. 31
Aug. 31
Sept. I
Sept. 1
Sept. 1
Sept. 2
Sept. 3
|Sept. 4
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Pomona ISan Diego i
Chilkat jHumboldt i
Ttllamook ..St. Michael...!.
State of OaliPortland h
G'ce DollarjOregon Ports.^
Walla Wall' Vic & Pgt Sd. t
San Juan... Panama
Homer Newport
Orizaba ....[Humboldt L
Santa Rosa San Diego
Australia .. Honolulu
Columbia .. Portland !
Arcata iCoos Bay
Cons Bay. .. | Newport \
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails. Pier.
Aug. 27. 11 ami Pier 11
Aug. 27, 9 ami Pier 13
!Aug.27, 5 pm;Pier W
JAug. 28. 10 am, Pier 13
; Aug. 28, 8 ami Pier 20
Aug. 29. 10 am|Pier 9
Aug. 29, 12 m.PMSS ,
Aug. 29. 9 amjPler 11 J
! Aur. 30, 10 anrPier '•
iAug. 31, 11 amjpier 11
Sept. 1. 2 pm,Pier 7
Sept. 2, 10 am Pier 12
Sept. 2. 10 ami Pier 13
jSept. 2, 9 ami Pier U
SHIPPING 1 TELLIGE.XCE.
— . ~~- -~
ARRIVED.
Friday, August 26.
Stmr Cleone, Miller, 30 hours from Needle
Stmr Coqullle River, Johnson, 16 hours from
i Fort Bragg. . - _
Stmr Westport, Peterson, 19 hours from Bear
George Loomis, Brldgett, 34 hours from
Ventura. Alameda direct.
Br ship Lord Cairns, Da vies, 148 days from
Swansea. ■
Br ship Highland, Johnston, 85 days from
Newcastle, NSW. ■.
Schr Mary Buhne, Weber, 5 days from Hum-. .»
boldt.- *••"■•• •-■•■T •'• '" ■'■ ■'■•*. ' ' ''■'■ <■:'"■' '-"~t
Schr Llllebonne, Hansen, 14 days from Port
Blakelev. .
Schr Maxim, Olsen, 4 days rom • Casppar.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, 80 hours from
Nanaimo. ■
Schr Reliance, Benedekson, 48 hours from
Shelter Cove. :
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 25 hours from
Phelps Landing.
Schr Seven Sisters, Rasmussen, — hours from
Blhlera Point. .-':--;
CLEARED.
Friday, August 26.
Stmr National City, Andresen, Portland:
Gray & Mitchell.
Br ship Drumblalr, Armstrong, Liverpool;
Balfour. Gnthrle & Co.
Br ship Ardencraig, Trask, Cape Town; Q
W McNear. . _ .
Br bark Canrobert, Boju, Iqutque ; A Boju,
master.
SAILED. - .
Friday, August 26. g ,
Stmr Gipsy, Glelow, Santa Cruz.
Stmr South Coast, Zaddart. Rockport.
Stmr Mineola, David. Tacoma.
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson.
' Stmr Arcata, Reed, Coos Bay.
Bktn Eureka. Paulsen. Eureka.
Schr Queen of the Isles. Hltchfleld, Jalult,
RETURNED. :_
Friday, August 26.
Stmr National City, hence Aug 26, for Port
land came to an anchor oft Meiggs wharf on
account of bonnet of steam pipe blowing out.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POL-IT LOBOS. Aug 26—10 p. m.— Weather,
foggy; wind, SW; velocity. 16 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Duchalburn was chartered prior to ar
rival for wheat and barley to Europe, 27s 6d.
SPOKEN.
Aug Lat 37 N. long 34 47 W. Br ship Do
minion, from Baltimore, for Honolulu.
MISCELLANEOUS..
The bark Guardian bound from Kotzebus
Sound for Seattle ran ashore during a fog on
the east end of Tegalda. Island. She is a total
loss, and captain and crew arrived at Unalaska
in small boats.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Aug 26— Br brk
A ftl l L^ArrTed T Ahuy-26--SchrA h uy-26--Schr Edward Parke.
he NEW VI WAVEN-Sailed Aug 26-Schr S Dan
nwl°NSLA^mNG^Sailed Aug 20-Schr
N ro^LO r S S A^El^Arr«ved Au X 26^St»
helciAuTzS; stmr Bonita, hence Aug 25.
Sailed Aug '2ft— Schr Chas E Falk. for Hono-
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Aug Stmr Pasadena,
'".ASTORIA— Sailed Aug 26— Stmr Hueneme, for
8 PORT I TOWNSEND-Arrived Aug 26— Br ship
Creedmoor. from , Shanghai; Br bark Adderley. >«^
fI T?LLAjioOK-Sailed Aug 25— Stmf Ruth, for -
San Francisco. ' *■ = _
SEATTLE— Aug — Stmr Laurada,
from St Michael.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Aug 26— Stmr Aloha,
hence Aug 25. ■• ' ;
■ST ■ MICHAEL— port— Ship Elwell, bark
Alex McNeil, Rufua E "Wood, schr Inca. bark
Highland Light, bark Hunter, schr W H Tal
bot, schr Novelty, brig Geneva, schr W F
Jewett.
Sailed Auc ,s— Stmr Progreso, for Seattle;
schr J; M Colman; for Port Townsend. .
DUTCH HARBOR— In port Aug 17— Bark Em
pire, bark Carrollton. Br ship Ilala, U S stmr
Wheeling.
STEWARTS POlNT— Arrived Aug Schr
Archie and Fontle, hence Aug 24.
PORT TOWNSEND— A rived Aug 26— Ship
Eclipse, hence Aug 9; sehr Vega, hence Auk 9.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 26— Ship Eclipse, hno
Aug 9. -^
1 Sailed Aug Stmr Czarina, for San Fran
cisco : Jap stmr ' Rlojun Mam. for Yokohama;
stmr Conemaugh, for St Michael.
' PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Aug 26— Br bark •
Adderley, for Port Blakeley. -
- FOREIGN PORTS.
DEPARTURE BAY— Aug 26-Ship Two
Brothers, 'for San Francisco. -. _ „_!
BUENOS = AYRES-Arrlved Aug 25-Br bark
Highlands, from Port Townsend. r».»i»
•-ADELAIDE— Arrived prior to Aug 26-BarK
Oregon, from Port Townsend. ..
FALMOUTH— Arrived Aug Ger ship
Barmbek' 1 from Oregon. _ .._ n _,_
■ CALLAO-Arrived July 16-Br ship Drum-
FLUSHING— SaI?ed Aug 14-Br ship Brunei.
for San Francisco. „ _ „»,,_ ruttr.-™
DUNGENESS-Passed Auk »- ship Ditton
from Newcastle. Eng. for San Francisco rnwt ,
- NANAIMO-Sailed Aug 26-Sbip J B Brown,
for Honolulu. '
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
PHILADELPHIA— SaiIed Aug 26— Stmr Cne»
aKAI?TIMORI2a KAI?TIMORI2— Sailed Aug 26— Stmr Hestia.
vv O NEW B YORK-Arrived Aug 26— Stmr Bulgaria v
from ' Hamburg. • . , m""-c*~»'t»«»»1«L"- *
•■■« ROTTERDAM— Arrived Aug 26— Stmr Rotter
- a cV E^HAGEN-°SaVled Aug 26— Stmr Hekle.
'SOUTHAMPTON— Aug 26— Stmr .Au
gusta Victoria, for New York. - .-- •
NAPLFS-Salled Aug 26-Stmr AUer, for New
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Aug 28— 8tmr Ken
sington, from New York.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
CALLS THEM
FLUNKEYS OF
HUNTINGTON
Tidal Canal Contro
: versy Revived.
SUMNER'S RABID LANGUAGE
M V J. : KELLER REPLIES AND IS
RATHER SARCASTIC.
The. Coming Change of Congressmen
Has Brought Forward the
• . " '. Much-Debated Warm
. " • • Question Again.
;'. .' Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Aug. 26.
. Ex-Congressman Charles A. Sumoer,
■who has published certain letters regard
ing the status of Oakland tidal canal
matters, has made several statements
Which;' are emphatically contradicted by
Oaklanders. Some time ago there ap
peared a circular entitled "'The Oakland
Tidal. Canal— Letter No. 9," but no copies
of it could be obtained by Oaklanders, and
It- was understood that the letter was not
■for k>cal circulation.
.'Recently several copies of it have been
circulated and as there Is to be a new
Congressman sent from this district next
November the matter has become one of
great interest. In his letter Mr. Suniner
says: ' •
' That 'this revival of attention to the report of
"the three distinguished engineers who in 1874
• reported so favorably and earnestly about a
'.harbor in San Antonio Creek— which Oak
land was then said to : be situated— been
•exasperating to Mr. Huntlngton and many, of
• •his flunkeys (especially to his lobbyists and
bribers who sojourn or sleep in the city of Oak
land) is not to be wondered at by the Intel
. llgent citizen in this locality. These despicable
"creatures have long been engaged in the
-••business" of whispering— (only of late talking
loudly In the strain to be Indicated)— the
•'ridiculous idea" of any such thing as a "har
bor east of Broadway !'" It is indeed very ag-
g ravating to them to be confronted with ■ the
' -explicit language of "The Board of Officers
constituted by fptrcial orders No. 32. headquar
ters corps of engineers, Washington. D. C. Maroh
24, 1873." For now all my readers have seen for
themselves that it is not true that the origi
nal scheme was merely for the opening of a
• harbor cr.annel from deep water in the Bay of
I San Francisco to that point on San Antonio
i Creek which Is marked as the "foot of Broad
way. in Oakland." The engineers reported that
they were directed to make an' "examination
and survey and plan of - harbor for San An
tonio Creek, California." and their words and
actions showed that they never dreamed that
they were to : be confined to so much of the
creek as' was measured from deep water at
its mouth in San Francisco Bay to the Oak
land Broadway frontage. The most of my
. readers have, doubtless, by this time become
fully of the opinion that the best interests of
all" of the people of Oakland proper— all who
are not servitors or hirelings of the Infamous
• Huntlngton— are to be most thoroughly pro
moted by the completion of the plan originally
submitted by Colonels Stewart and Alexander,
• and Major Mendel!, In 1874. That "plan" had
Its "consummation" in the Tidal Canal. On
this particular construction they prided them
selves. This was their own suggestion; brought
forth by their own professional observation
and judgment. There was no hint to. them
about tilts feature in the errand project, save
what -.; -are herself pave to so thoughtful and
candid a. board of. officers. They sold: "For
tunately, such a pian Is almost provided by
nature." If the neck of land to be cut through
had been many times as wide as It is. they
would have suggested and urged the excavat
ing. That Is what they mean or imply, when
they use the language quoted above. But . for
tunately the distance is not great, and the cost .
of digging the canal will not be relatively :
large. . : :
Unfortunately, most unfortunately, it was
subsequently discovered that the "Interests" of
• the railroad monopoly were In conflict with the
carrying out of this "plan" which the engi
■ neers joyfully .exclaimed about, as "almost
provided by nature.
Now this plan fully consummated would
make a harbor of the entire of San Antonio
=• Creek— "a fine, land-locked harbor." Hunting
ton and his henchmen don't want that. Oh,
no. And furthermore, they have been saying
that no such thing was ever contemplated. I
"The Idea! How absurd!" Only a ship chan
nel to Broadway; that's all. "The Tidal
Canal to be a Ship Canal!" Why, *\jch emi
nently worthy citizens as Steve Gage and Mr.
Keller (whose advertisement may be seen on '
the ticket holders given to | Southern Pacific
. Railroad commuters), are nearly choked with
. laughter over the "ridiculousness", of the sug
gestion.
' • Vice-President M. J. Keller of the Oak
land Board of Trade, who has taken a ;
-leading parr in harbor matters for sev- ;
e.raJ years, %as made the following reply
. to Mr; Sumner:
•Mr. Sumner Is certainly on the
wrong, track as to the cause of the late
'controversy about the Oakland harbor.
I'TcjVow the railroad company has been
charged at times with a desire to im
pede ..all work on Oakland harbor:
charged with having a preference for
first cutting the canal and improving
• East Oakland basin before completing
the portion west of Webster street.
' .The wishes and preferences of that
company. if they had any. were never
ce.ns.iclered by the Oakland Board of Trade
■when' they proceeded through their com
mittee to undo the schemes of Dr. Mc-
Eean.
•It was this gentleman who, perhaps at
the request of the railroad company, In
Order to delay the use of the harbor In
definitely, sent a petition to the Secre
tary of War, signed by the two Callfor
'nla Senators, by Congressman Hilborn
and .by four others from this State, ask
ing that all money then available, and
to become available, be expended In cut
ting the canal and dredging East Oak- ■
Jand basin until completed. This action
is what brought on the controversy.
If any Interest desired to delay the use
of the harbor would it not, be best
served ■by securing a compliance with
the doctor's petition?
• As a' matter of fact, the Oakland com
mittee never opposed the cutting of
the • canal ; the Board of Trade never
Opposed it: the people of Oakland
never opposed this work, and . the
declarations of Mr. Metcalf In his
campaign speech In Alameda, previous
to the late primary, " ought to be suffi
cient evidence... -- *
. This rasping on a question settled by
official acts of the cities of Oakland
and Alameda— settled by the signatures
of the Alameda representatives, arid . In- :
dorsed by the people of Alameda In pub
lic ; meeting— would seem to be for po
litical effect. Why don't the gentlemen
of the committee come out in the open
rather than encourage this bushwhack-"
In*, if they still think they yielded their
consent and their signatures adversely
to the interests of their city?
OPPOSITION OF CREDITORS.
Grave Charges That Grocer Bollman,
an Insolvent, Was Guilty .of y
' Cunning Methods.
OAKLAND, Aug. Opposition to the
final discharge of D. M. Bollman, the In
solvent grocer of 322 Davis street, San
Francisco, was filed to-day by the Bank
of California. It is claimed that Boll
man swore falsely in his affidavit when
he averred that a full and perfect state
ment of all his estate was contained in
his inventory and schedule; also, that
he concealed part of his estate, and sent
.to many towns of the State a large -part
of the stock on hand, appropriating the
proceeds; that he was guilty of fraud a.nd
•willful neglect In delivering property to
the assignee: that he falsified his book 3
•and gave fraudulent preference to H.
Warfield, a creditor. Juggling his figures
to the detriment^ of his creditors. f
Ci'ampton Arraigned.
OAKLAND.' Aug. 26.— Beverly Cramp
ton, charged win) embezzlement. ; was ar
raigned in Judge Ellsworth's court to
day and pleaded ■ not guilty. The case
d was . set for trial for ■ September 30.
Crampton was in the employ of W. D.
Evans at the race , track tlnd in May, 1897,
embezzled a gelding, worth about $200. ?,-,
« ♦ ■
Alice Bix
Writes about how the ex-Queen
passed the 12th of August, in next i
Sunday's Call
CRUSHED IN A
TESLA TUNNEL
William Murphy Prob
ably Fatally Injured.
CHRIS BUCKLEY'S COACHMAN
HIT BY A CAB 2000 FEET UN
DER GROUND.
A Strike Among Japanese Coal Pick
ers That Results in Giving
Work to Fifty White
Men.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Aug. 26.
"William Murphy, who has the distinc
tion of having been Chris. Buckley's
coachman for years, until the well-known^
politician left for the East a month or two
ago, met with an accident at the Tesla
coal mines to-day that will probably cost
him his life.
The accident occurred about 2000 feet
under ground in the tunnel at the mines
this afternoon. Murphy was in the nar
row tunnel when a loaded coal car came
rumbling alotig the narrow track of tho
tunnel. The passage way was too small
; for Murphy to avoid the car and he was
, crushed against the side of the tunnel.
[ He was picked up unconscious and car
1 rled out to one of the small houses near
: by, where the coal mine physician attend
ed him. Several ribs were broken and it
; is feared that he sustained Internal in
j juries that may prove fatal.
The injured man is a great favorite
with all the men in and about the mines,
and nothing was left undone to alleviate
his sufferings.
A similar accident occurred last Thurs
day, when Ed. Burks was run Into by a
coal car in the same tunnel and sustained
a broken arm and other injuries about the
shoulders and back.
There has been considerable excitement
at the mines the past few days. Recently
fifty Japanese were put to work separat
ing coal. Last Tuesday they managed to
get a lot of rocks mixed with the coal and
the euperintendent fined them $60 because
of their incompetency. They declined to
pay on the advice of M. Oto, their law
yer, and quit work.
Fifty Chinese were immediately given
their places, but those also q"uit yesterday
to avoid trouble and the management is
now letting the work to white labor.
RED CROSS LADIES
APPEALING FOR AID
THEIR NOBLE EFFORTS FOR
DISABLED SOLDIERS.
Proposition to Arrange for a Tempo
rary Convalescent Home in Oak
land to Meet All Pres
ent Cases.
OAKLAND. Aug. 26.— The idea of estab
lishing? a convalescent home at the Pre
sidio originated with the Oakland: Red
Cross Society, through whom $600 has
been contributed; but while this work is
being pushed, the society Is not unmind
ful of the necessity for doing something
for the men now convalescent.
To meet the present needs a committee, j
consisting of Mrs. F. G. Ginn. Mrs. O. F. I
Long, Dr. Myra Knox, Mrs. John Bake- j
well and Mrs. G. W. Bunnell, met this j
morning to formulate pians for the main- |
tenance of a convalescent soldiers' home |
on this side of the bay.^
The committee proposes to secure a
large unfurnished house in the suburbs
Of Oakland, which will be put into con
dition to /receive such patients as would
in most cases die before the home in San ;
Francisco can be ready for use. To meet
these requirements the ladies make an
appeal to the public for donations of old
furniture, mattresses, bedding, small
rugs, etc., all of which will help to make
a soldiers' home comfortable. Thus far
the Oakland ladies have been meeting
every emergency nobly. Only last night
Mrs. Veltch converted her attic into a
hospital for ten sick boys, for whom she
ia caring. The number of typhoid pa- i
tients is large at present.
THE "FRESHIES" WHIP
THE SOPHOMORES
THE FACULTY'S PROHIBITION
WAS OPENLY DISREGARDED.
Noses Were Smashed and Heads
Bruised on the Campus of the
State University— A Hot
. Fracas.
BERKELEY, Aug. 26.— 1n spite of the
faculty's prohibition last year ag-ainst
rushing of any kind, the freshman and
sophomore classes In the University of
California, clashed this evening upon the
campus, and struggled for over half an
hour to tie each other up. The tussle
was quite one-sided from the start, the
sophomores having less than forty men to
stand off 100 of their opponents. They
fought valiantly for a while, but over
whelming numbers soon gained the upper
hand.
The upper classmen finally lay piled
in a heap, bound hand and foot, and gasp
ing for breath.
At 4 o'clock the members of the enter-
Ing class assembled in Stiles Hall for the
purpose of electing officers. Their oppo
nents did their best to break up the meet
ing. They rattled the doors, banged the
windows, and made it lively for any
freshman who happened to stray from
his comrades. Within the freshman
meeting Quickly resolved itself into a
board of strategy. Several Juniors were
tTlspatched for bale-rope and the class
yell sounded defiance.
Meanwhile the "Sophs" had taken up
thMr position by the backstop of the foot
ball field. Here they lined up and pre
pared for battle. The Freshies got ready
for the fray, and forming six deep, start
ed on the run, yelling and hooting, toward
their opponents. In a few minutes it was
clear that the sophomores had no chance.
They were easily overpowered and soon
ceased to Btruggle. The contest was
marfced by a very serious accident. One
student was severely kicked in the head,
and several noses stand in need of re
pair. _
VISITED LAKE MERRITT.
Oakland Councilmen on an Inspec
tion Tour Which Promises Good
Results.
OAKLAND. Aug. 2s.— The Lake Mefritt
Sanitary Improvement Club will not
leave a stone unturned in its efforts to
have the lake improved. A committee
from the club— A. Schilling, Judge Yule,
Hugh Craig, Mr. Mofntt, Goorge Green
wood, Ira Bishop and Mr. Kale— yester
day met a party of city officials, includ
ing Councilmen Heltmann, Brosnahan,
Cuvellier, Earl, Henneberry, Pringle and
Woodward and City Engineer Clement,
and drove them in carriages around the
Lake Merrltt district. The committee point
ed out many matters that require immedi
ate attention in the way of new sewers,
etc. A visit was also paid to Cemetery
(Took, where the sewer from the Old
Ladies' Relief Society's Home empties
into the creek. The Councilmen ex
pressed surprise at the condition of this
cesspool and intimated that a speedy re
lief would be forthcoming.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 27, 18^8.
HIGH SCHOOLS
ARE ACCREDITED
Their Standing Given by
the University.
INCREASE OVER LAST YEAR
EIGHTY-TWO PLACED ON THE
COVETED LIST.
Their Graduates Can Be Admitted to
the State University Without
Examination — The For*
tunate Ones.
BERKELEY. Aug. 26.— The faculty of
the University of California met this
! morning to determine upon the different
high schools and academies in the State
whose graduates can be admitted to the
university without examination. Appli
cations for this privilege were received
! from over 100 schools, but only &2 were
found to have the requisite standard. Of
j those that failed to be put on the list.
1 the majority were small institutions
whose imperfect organization made the
required degree of efficiency Impossible.
The names of those who were reported
favorably are;
Alameda County Union High School No. 2,
Centervllle; Alameda County Union High
School No. 3. Hay wards; Alameda High School.
Alameda University Academy, Arcata Union
Hlqh School; Armljo Union High S'.-hopl, Sul
ma; Uelmunt School, Berkeley High School,
Boone's University School, Berkeley; California
School of Mechanical Arts, San Francisco;
Citrus Union Hlßh School. Azusa: Colusa High
School, Coronado Union High School, Dlxon
Union High School. Escondido High School,
Esparto Union High School, Fresno High
School, Fullerton Union High School, Hanford
Union High School: Miss Head's Preparatory
School, Berkeley; Healdsburg High School;
Hoitfs School, Burllngame; Miss Horton's ;
School, Oakland: Irving Institute, San Fran
cisco; Kern County High School, Bakersfleld;
Llvermore Union High School. Lompoc Union
High School. Long Beach High School, bos |
Angeles High School: Lowell High School, San |
Francisco; Maiysville High School. Mendocino |
High School; Merced County High School, j
Merced; Mills College (Preparatory Depart
nient), Modesto High School. Monrovia High ;
School: Mount Tamalpais Military AcaUen:>\ j
San Rafael; Oakdale Union High School, Oak-!
land High School, Pasadena High School, Paso I
R.-.bles High School, Petaluma High School: I
hnic High School, San Francisco; Po- j
mona City High School. Red!ands Union High '
School. Riverside High Scnool. Sacramento i
High School. Salinas High School, San Ber- •
nar.lino High School. San D.epo High School, !
Ha;i Francisco Oirl.a 1 High School. San Jose !
High School. San Luis Obispo High School. San i
Rafael High School, Santa Ana Hiph School,
Santa Barbara City Hlt;h School, Santa Bar
bara Collegiato School. Santa Clara Hiph
School, Kama Cruz High School, Santa Maria
Union High Schnni, Banta Monica High Bchool, |
Santa Paula X'nion High School, Santa Rosa i
Htj:h School, Sclma Union High School, So- j
noma Volley Uni^n High School: Bouthw"~t
Institute. San Diego; St. Helena High School; |
St. Matthew' 3 School, San Mateo; Stockton j
High School; Throop Polytechnic Institute, I
Pasadena: Trinity School, .* San Francisco; Tv- I
lare High .School. Uklah Hig*t School. Vaca- i
ville Union High School, Vallejo High School. '
Ventura High School. Visalla Hlph School, j
AVatFonville High School; Miss West's School,
San Francisco; Willows Union High School. !
Winters Union High School, Woodland High :
School. ■'
HE GUESSED AT THE
JUDGE'S POLITICS
RECORDER ST. SURE RELEASES
A MAN WHO KNEW NOT GAGE.
The Prisoner, However, Declared He
Had Once Been Out With the
Los Angeles Mayor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 26.
Recorder St. Sure, the Democratic Judge
of Alameda, broke through his usual rule
this morning and did a little politics. He
had before him a stranger from the city
whence halls the Republican nominee for
Governor. The unlucky man was Leo
Allbritton, and he was charged with being
plainly drunk.
Democratic Judge St. Sure questioned
the prisoner, being somewhat doubtful as
to his story that he had come from Los
Angeles along a hard road and had only
been drunk twice in his life.
"You know Mayor Snyder in Los An
geles?" asked the Judge.
"I do, well, your Honor," Paid the Dris
oner. "The only other time I was ever
drunk in my life was on an occasion when
I went out with Mayor Snyder. We are
great friends."
"Do you know Henry T. Gage of Los
Angeles?" asked St. Sure.
"Gage? Gage? Never heard of him in
my life, your Honor."
"The prisoner is discharged, said the
Recorder.
As Allbritton passed out of the court
room he said to a bystander, "I was sure
I knew that ffuy'e politics."
Army and Navy League.
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— The Army and
Navy Republican League will meet in
Beckers Hall to-morrow evening, when a
full attendance Is expected. Important
matters concerning the present campaign
will be considered, and the proceedings of
the encampment which will meet Satur
day afternooon in the Alcazar building,
San Francisco, will be read.
Accepted a Call East.
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— Rev. F. S. Pal
mer, pastor of the Brooklyn Presbyterian
Church, East Oakland, will preach his last
sermon next Sunday, having accepted a
call to the Broad street Church, Colum
bus, Ohio.
Oakland News Items.
T. O. Hendry, chief clerk of the Hotel
Metropole, sustained fractures of both
bones of his left lfsr last night from a fall
from the horizontal bar at the Y. M. C.
A. gymnasium.
Robert J. Callaghan has-been appointed
executor of the estate of Patrick Roach,
deceased.
Charles E. Dennett of Alvarado has pe
titioned for letters of administration on
the estate of Frederick L. Dennett, who
was killed at Redding yesterday.
BIMETALLIC CLUB.
Fusion Nominee Jones Tells of His
Difficulties.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 26.— The Bimetallic
Club held a meeting last evening which
was well attended. The members of the
organization who took part in the Demo
cratic convention at Sacramento told of
their experience there and the club in
dorsed the ticket that was nominated.
John Aubrey Jones, the fusion candi
date for Congress, then addressed the
gathering and talked for some time about
his chances of defeating his opponent.
He said that he realized that there were
big odds against him, there being a Re
publican majority of 3500 to overcome.
Besides this he was without money to
make the fight, while his opponent had
unlimited capital at his command. Nev
ertheless he believed that he had the
people with him and that he would win
the fight. Anyhow he intended to do hl3
best to "defeat the combined cohorts of
capital and corporations."
Chinese in Trouble.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 26.— For several days
past the Chinese Inhabitants of Alameda
have been engaged in the annual duty of
driving the evil spirits out of the city.
Their ceremonies had progressed favor
ably and everything was propitious for
the permanent eviction of the devil and
his satelites, when in a moment's lack
of watchfulness one of the tapers that
was kept burning night and day before
the great Joss in some way communicated
its blaze to the deity and in a few min
utes ho was reduced to ashes. The Chi
nese, of couree, firmly believe that it was
the devil "himself who caused the flre,
and they will go over the ceremonies
again as soon as a new joss can be se
cured- for they declare that it is more
than ?ver incumbent upon them to carry
out the process.
Unlucky Sailing Party.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 26.— Dr. VC. M. Pond
and the two young ladies who were upset
In the bay last night while sailing in the
yacht Klondike by the carelessness of
the young man who had charge of the
boat' were all right to-day. They were
inexpressibly thankful over their nar
row escape from death, as they would
certainly have been drowned had not the
doctor closed the cabin door and fas
tened It securely just before the yacht
went over, thereby causing the vessel to
be buoyed up by the air Inclosed in the
cabin. Had this not been done the vessel
would surely have sunk at once, and all
would probably have been drowned.
Secretly Married.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 26.— Albert C. Wyber
and Miss Frances Mandler were married
on Wednesday evening at the Presby
terian parsonage by Rev. F. S. Brush.
The wedding was without the knowledge
of the bride's parents. A marriage license
was obtained on the day mentioned, and
when asked by a reporter when the wed
ding was to take place, the young
womnn and her parents denied all knowl
edge of it. Nevertheless it took place
that evening without Mr. and Mrs. Man
dler participating or knowing of it.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. Aug. 26.-The funeral of I
William T. Valentine will take place
Sunday afternoon at 2 o'clock from the
Masonic Temple. Deceased had deeded
his property in this city, worth about
$4000. to Thomas White, a close friend,
but his widow will .ccmtost the transfer.
The Alameda branch of the Red Cross
reports that it has collected $1563 70 to
date, and has $708 40 on hand.
There will be a concert at the T'nl- ,
tarinn church this evening for the benc- ;
fit of the Red Cross Society. It will be !
under the auspices of Miss Elizabeth
Westgate.
At the Encinal Recreation Club bil- ,
Hard tournament last evening Dr. A. !
E. Phelan defeated M. G. Eyre, only one '
game being played.
ANOTHER MYSTERY
OVER IN OAKLAND
MRS. DEASY'S DEATH DUE TO
CRIMINAL MALPRACTICE.
The Sad Ending of a Young Mother.
Identity of the Guilty Party
Unknown.
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— A Coroner's jury
was unable to determine this evening
whether Mrs. Thomas Deasy came to her
death by her own hand or not, at Fablola
Hospital. Mrs. Deasy was the mother of
eight children, although she was but 32
years of age. She lived with her hus
band. Thomas H. Deasy, a merchant, at
674 Thirty-second street. East Oakland.
Last Saturday she was taken ill and Dr.
Schofiold, her family physician, was
called. Later Mrs. Deasy was removed to
Fabiola Hospital. wher» she died to-day.
Dr. Schofield diagnosed the case as that
of blood poisoning and she and Dr. Fenton
decided to holfl an autopsy. The physi
cians notified Coroner Baldwin, that doath
had been caused by a criminal operation.
Dr. Schofield testified to-night that Mrs.
Deasy was discouraged at the size of her
family and had formerly asked her to
perform an operation, which request was
positively refused. The physicians are of
the opinion that Mrs. Deasy committed
the act which caused her death.
HON. JESSE S. WALL
EXPIRES IN COLUSA
HE WAS CASHIER OF THE SAN
FRANCISCO MINT.
Had Been Ailing for Some Time.
Was Prominently Identified
With the History of
Oakland.
OAKLAND. Aug. 26.— Jesse S. Wall,
cashier of the San Francisco mint and
one of the best known men around the
hay, dif-d in Colusa County this afternoon.
He had been ailing for some time and
went to visit relatives in Colusa during
his vacation, which terminted co-day. He
was to have arrived In Oakland this even-
Ing, but instead his son-in-law, ex-Con
gressman John R. Glascock received
word of his death.
Mr. Wall was born in Tennessee sev
enty-one years ago, and has resided
many years In this State. When Oak
land was much younger he was the pro
prietor of a wholesale grocery house, and
later conducted a commission house. He
was elected to the City Council, and
served some years as Superintendent of
Streets. After Frank Leach t;>ok charge
of the Mint, Mr. Wall was made cashier,
which position he occupied at the time
of his death.
—• ♦ .
OAKLAND LICENSES.
Merchants Protest but the Objection
able Ordinance Passes.
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— The Ordinance
and Judiciary Committee of the City j
Council held an Interesting session this !
evening, and after hearing many objec- i
tions against the new business license
ordinance, which was recently intro
duced by Councilman Rowe, recom
mended its passage.
Mr. Walker of the Merchants' Ex
change, M. J. Keller of the Board of
Trade, Sol Kahn and others were very
emphatic in their protest against this ac
tion.
They regard the ordinance as an injus
tice and claimed that the merchants are
already overtaxed. Councilman Rowe
also said *ie believed the merchants are
handicapped by San Francisco merchants
and he moved that the committee recom
mend that the passage of the ordinance
be postponed Indefinitely, but this was
lost. Councilman Henneberry then moved
the recommendation for passage which
was carried.
An ordinance prohibiting peddlers ring
ing the bells or otherwise bothering resi
dents whose doora are placarded. "No
peddlers." was recommended for adoption.
H was also decided that all bitumlnized
streets be swept by machine at night, and
in addition thai Washington street and
Broadway be swept by four men during
the day time. It was also recommended
that the offer of deeds made by the
Peralta Heights Improvement Club for
lands between the Eighth-street bridga
and Twelfth-street dam— tnis to be filled
in with mud dredged from Lake Merrttt—
be accepted. The land so filled in is to
be utilized for park purposes when the
Council can see its way clear to meet such
expense.
Philosophy Was the Theme of James.
BERKELEY, Aug. 26.— Professor Wil
liam James of Harvard University de
livered the annual lecture under the aus
pices of the Philosophical Union, Uni
versity of California, at Harmon gym
nasium to-night. A large college audience
listened to the lecture.
Profesor James spoke for over an hour
on the "Philosophy of Practicallsm." In
the course of his remarks he took occa
sion to score dogmatic theology and the
school of German philosophers. "The
philosophy of practicalism," he said,
"judges every thought. It weighs Its
worth and significance by its consequence
upon exteriors. Two apparently opposing
ideas are familiar, haying no appreciable
difference in their effect upon life.
"Materialism and theism and th.Hr re
lated discussions, judged in this light,
avoiding altogether a retrospective atti
tude, considers them prospectively and
asks what human conduct they enjoin
and what human effort they inspire. It
casts aside dogmatic theology as a set of
dictionary adjectives, vaguely and ab
stractedly used, usurping the place of vi
tal religion.
"Belief 'and conduct are inseparable.
Their association is the only sane guide
to philosophy— a principle which underlies
the whole attitude of English philosophy
and opposed to the air castle work of the
German school, and only as beliefs uphold
the moral order of the world. According
to our inner hope and trust can practi
calism, which strongly indorses tneistic
ideas, regard them as worthy of consid
eration?^
The greatest hand-to-hand fight In
the war, In next Sunday's Call.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Business continues good In local securities.
Yesterday Oceanic Steamship got back to
$57 50 and Hutchinson to $57. The others were
firm as a rule.
There was nothing new in mining stocks.
The Pacific Lighting Company has declared
a monthly dividend of 40c per sharo, payable
September 6.
The syndicate has cold $290,000 in San Fran
cluco and San Joaquin Valley Railroad Com
pany's bonds at 103%. This makes $1,200,000
disposed of, which is one-fifth of the amount
authorized. The bonds bear 5 per cent interest.
In the Standard Consolidated mine at Bodle
for the we«k ending August 20 the usual pros
pecting- and development work was done on the
160. 818, 336, 380 and 470 levels in the Security,
Eaet. Black, Ma.in Standard and No. 10 ledges.
On the 336 and 470 levels there is Improvement.
At other points the mine is unchanged. The
stopes in the Moyle. Black, Bullion. No. 10,
Maguire and Fortuna ledres on the several
levels are yielding the usual amount of fair
to good ore.
Standard Mill statement: Ore crushed for
the week, 296 tons; average assay vanner tail
ings, $9 85; concentrates produced, 2 tons; as
say value, $196 95; amalgam produced, 1089%
ounces; value per ounce, $2 81. Tailings plant
No. 1 treated 299% tons tailings for the p*st
week. Plant No. 2 is still In course of con
struction.
The milling plant of the Alaska-Treadwell
Mining Company of Douglass Island. Alaska,
Is to be increased by the addition of 300 stamps,
which Avlll give a total crushing capacity of r. SO
slumps, with a total dally crushing capacity of
2000 tons of ore. making the stamp mill and re
duction works the largest In the world.
' STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Aug. 26—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask Hid.Ask.
U S Bonds— Mutual El Co. 9 —
ia quar c0up..111%112% Oakland Gas.. 51K tl%
4s quar reg...Ul 112 Pac Gas Imp.. .SM-- 8»%
4b quar new... 127 128 Pae L, Co — 49
3s »w 104%100% S F G & E... 83% S'J%
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3% 3*s
Cal-st Cab ss. 114 — Stockton Gas.. 13 —
Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance —
C C Wat 65... 100 — Firem's Fund. — 207%
Dup-st ex c... — 98% I Bank Stocks—
E L & P 6«. .130 131%'Anglo-Cal .... «2 64
F&CI Ry 65. .116 — Hank of Ca1. .246 —
Geary-: t R Ss. 93 100 iCal SD & T.. 96 97
H C & S <%s.IOO 105 First Nat 203 —
LAL. Co «s.. — 100 Lon P & A.... 128% —
Do «ntd 65.. 9S 100 Mer Exchange 14 15
Market-st 65.. 126% — Nev Nat 8....160 —
Do Ist M 55.. 115% — Savings Banks— t
Kat Vln 6s lsts — 97% Her S &. L..1590 1630
N Ry Cal 65.. 110 112 Hum S & L..1050 1160
NRy Cal 55.. 104% — Mutual Say. — 42%
N -Xy Cal 5b.. 104 — S F Say U.. 490 500
NPC R R «5.103 105 S & L 50.... — 98
N P C R R a. - 101 Security 3 B. 300 —
N Cal R R ss. — — Union T °n.looo —
Oak Gas 6s 101 — Street Railroad—
Dc 2d is 58.. 110 — California 108 107%
Orn Ry 6s 127%129 deary 40 —
P & O6s 113% — JMarket-st 54 54%
P A Cl Ry 65.104%105% Presidio 8% —
Powell-st 65... 119 125 Powder-
Reno WL&L..IOO — California ...130 150
Sac El Ry 55. 100 — E Dynamite... 85 95
8F& N P 5a. 109 — Giant Con Co. 49 49%
SierraßCal 6s. — 103 Vigorlt 2% 3
S P of Ar 65.. 108 108% i Miscellaneous—
S P Cal 6« 110 — IAI Pac Assn.. 99% 99%
SPC Is eg 55.. 102 — Ocr I-d Wk5..125 —
S P Er 6s 117 120 Hana P C 0.... lf>% 15%
S V Wat 65...11!i<4 — H C & S Co.. 2<v»i 27
S V Wat 45...102%103 Hutch S P Co. 57 67%
Stock Gas 65.. 103 — ] Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Water Stocks— | Nat Yin C 0... — 7
Contra Costa.. SS% — , Oceanic S Co. 57% 57%
Matin Co 50 — 'Pacific AFA. - 'J'i
Spring Valley. 09 99% Pac Bot C 0... .100 104
Gas & Klectrlc— > Par Paint Co. 7 —
Cent Gaslight. los — i
Moral nsr Session.
$3000 Contra Costa Water Bonds l<Xi 00
50 Giant Powder Con 49 00
40 do do 49 25
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 56 75
60 Hana Plantation Co IS 50
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 28 S7V4
100 do do b IP 27 00
100 do do b 5 27 00
20 Market-street Railway MOO
JlOf'O Market-street Ry Con Bonds 5s — 115 50
50 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 00
Afternoon Session.
100 Hana Plantation Co 15 50
IOC Hutchlnson . S P Co 57 00
3' Oakland Gas 5150
50 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 50
20 8 F Gas & Electric Co. Sn 75
25 do do 89 50
10 Spring Valley Water 99 25
IOC' Vlgorit Powder 2 50
Street—
20f Hawaiian Com & Sugar, b 5 27 00
$10M> Nevada Co N G R R Bonds 105 75
16i B F Gas & Electric Co S9 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Mornlns Session.
50 Sprlns Valley Water 99 00
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 89 75
Afternoon Srreet Sales.
B0 Market-street Railway Co 54 12%
MINING STOCKS.
Following wpre the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Union Con 17! -\
Afternoon Session.
lOOChollar 14 200 Justice 20
200 Crown Point ... 10 300 21
300 Exchequer 03 f-00 Latv Wash 01
400 Gould & Curry.. 12;
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock-
Board yesterday-
Morning Session.
501 Andes 03,700 Justice 14
300 Belcher 131W0 15
300 Best & Belcher. 13!2OO Ophir 17
200 Caledonia 20il00 Sierra Nevada.. 62
100 Con Cal & Va... 32 .200 Union Con 17
300 Gould & Curry.. 13 : 300 Yellow Jacket... 15
200 Mi I
Afternoon Session.
600 Alta 10 100 Gould & Curry.. 13
300 Andes 04 600 Justice 16
200 03.400 18
600 Belcher 12 300 19
200 Best & Belcher. 14 300 Mexican 12
60(i Challenge Con.. 14 coy Savasre 10:
400 Chollar 14 2)0 Sierra Nevada.: 51
200 Con Cal & Va... 33 6C*O Yellow Jacket... 16
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Aug. 26—4 p. m.
Alpha 03 03;Julla — 02
Alta 10 11 jTußtice — 19
Andes 02 «3:Kentuek 05 06
Belcher 12 13 I>ady Waeh .... — 01
Benton Con ... — 12 (Mexican 10 12
Best & Belcher 12 IS Occidental 52 —
Bullion 02 03 pphlr 15 17
Caledonia 20 21 Overman 03 06
Chollar 13 loiPotosi 15 16
Challenge Con. 13 14 Ravage 10 11
Confidence 37 40 Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va. 32 34: Beg Belcher ... 03 05
(V.n Imr>«rial .. — 01 ; Sierra Nevada. 51 52
Crown Point .. 11 12'Bilver Hill — 15
Con New York. 02 — Syndicate — 03
Eureka — 14 Standard 150 155
Exchequer 02 04, Union Con ir> 17
G<iuld & Curry. 12 13|Utah 05 06
Hale & Norers. — SOiYellow Jacket. 15 16
Laitra. I bought my first supply of Ripans Tabules
more out of curiosity than anything else,
and was very much surprised at the good
results which followed their use. I had
often seen them advertised, but being a little
prejudiced against patent medicines I thought
they would do me no good. In future I
never want to be without them. I had been
troubled with indigestion and dyspepsia for
& long time, and although I tried many kinda
of medicine, I never found anything really
to do me much good until I tried Ripans
Tabulea
:■ OCEAN TRAVEL. j
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i Wh> Steamers leave ' Broadway
[ ivSilG^*^ wharf, San Francisco:
• 3 Ssi^_ For A'askan ports. 10 a. m..
« ra^S^SSk August 4. 9, 14. 19. 24, 29. Sept.
I KumWl 3 transfer at Seattle.
I &yW«li* Via For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
iW^i!? l^^ C), Port Townsend, Seattle.
If Tacoma, Everett, Anarortea
a **^ "and New Whatcom ash.), : 10
'■ ' ' ■ a. m., August. 4, 9. 14, 19, 24.
2« Sent 3 and every fifth day thereafter, con-
nectlnVat Seattle with this company's steam-
ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma with
N s p Rv ,at Vancouver with C. P. Ry.
For' Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m. Aug.
6 12 ■ 18, 24. 30, Sept. 5 and. every sixth day
th Fo f r' lf banta Cruz. Monterey, • San Simeon,
rnvueos Port Harford (Ran Luis Oblspo).
ravlota'- Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
St% Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 a. m.TAug; 1. 5. 9. 13.17. 21. 25. 29.
Sept 2 and every fourth day thereafter. .-^ ,
For San Diego.' stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
T os Anceles and Redondo (Los Angles), 11 a.
m Aul 3. 7. 11. . 15. 19. 23. 27.- 3!. Sept. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter. _'"'.- . • .
For Ensenada. Macdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas ; <Mex.). 10 a. m., ISth of
For further s information obtain folder. -
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of fbM'ti^-
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). " . * •
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
:-'':■■ 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. ■■;& N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
i 3i 3 o :r, t X-. j± ix id
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE 12 First Class Including Berths
rMiIL $8 Second Class and Meals. ■}
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: -
Columbia ...... ...... Aug. 3, 13,. 23, Sept. . I
State of California. July 30. Auk. 8, IS. 28. Sept. 7 ;
St. Paul ........$l6 001 St. Louis .....;.... $32 00
Kansas City .... 26 00 Chicago ........... 2-» 00,
Omaha 26 Goi New York .'..." 3100
E. C. WARD. General Agent. :.'
■ 'i : 630 Market ■ at.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. V •
■ Superintendent*. .. ■
Compagnie Generals Transatlantic^,
':■-■ French Line to Havre.
. Ccmpany's pier ; (new), 42 North ■ ■».^ a>
Rlvf r. foot of Morton, st. Travelers
by this ' line avoid both transit by <J"wv=&
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class. |140;
second class, $116. ■ . ■ .-;■;
LA TOURAINE Sept. 3. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGN3  Sept. 10, 10 a. m.
LA NAVARJtE .................Sept. 17. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE...... Sent. 24. 10 a. m.
LA T0URA1NE............. — Oct. 1. 10 a. m.
For further partlcula-s apply to -
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent, -
No. 3 Bowling Green. New York. \ .
,J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
a've... San Francisco. . >"'■' . '.'■
@H»Slja£32^ S- S AUSTRALIA
jaTQaMBaL sails for Honolulu only
*je^»°**W Thursday, September 1,
H*~ — -^ at 2p. m. . ' ' ■ :
(L J^~T r *\ a The S. vS. MOANA
;^3fTKh|nj sails via Honolulu and
GHtOIIIJiHy -. Auckland for . Sydney
fOfnFfllZW- "Wednesday, September
• vviu^gjtq 7> at 2 p . m .
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
■ " 114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
TAKE TiiE BOAT TO SAN JOSE.
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY. TOO. at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO, Clay-street Wharf. Fare 75c.
■ . . Special Rates to Excursion Parties. ■■ :
Beginning MONDAY. August 22. -;■ ■ -..:
FOR U. S. NAVY-YaRD AND VALLEJO.
. Steamer "Monxiceilo." ' ,
Mon. Tues., Wed., Thure. and Sat
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. CX Thurß.)
Friday5.... ;....'.. ......:..l p.' m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pier 8.
.•-..■• -, Telephone ■ Red 2241. - . ■
'- : . RAILROAD TRAVEL. ;, '.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST HAIL WAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
' Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cai>«
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
| Run on the Following Timci ■- . v
tieave ' San Franclsco.'4:3o p. m., a M.T. W.T.F.BL
Arrive Denver 6:00 p. m.. W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive" Kansas City.. a. m., T.F.B.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Loulß 6:15 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago.... 9:00 p. m., T.F.5.3.M.T. W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Cervo Superior Meals at Very Reason*
.'<■/' able Rates.
VOll WILL BE COMFORTABLE
I? You Travel on the Santa Pa,
SMI mum TICKET office— m MARKET ST.
\ TELEPHONE MAIN 1581. ;
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street. :
San Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Olara Bft» ',
/**^k ; -Br. Gibbon's pispensary,
/L<^ 62«> KEABK V ST. Kstobllshed
BlT*f S^EmS ln * 554 for "je treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KEABSYKT. Established
la 1854 for the treatment of Private i
Diseases, Lost Manhood. DebJlity or
9sft&3 t >S%£; Vh disease hodyandmlndaud ;
2wTOW*i"^ Skin Diseases. The doctorcureswheii !
JtBP?*ffl others fail. Try him. Charges low.
i JBTfaiiliVn Cnrr«{runranterd. Callorvvrite.
f I>r. J. I. ««XBBO>. Box I»s7, San Fraaciaco.
liiiciiiiii
RAILROAD TBAVEL.
MOUTIIKKN PACIFIC COMPANY.
(PACiriO SVSTBM.)
Trains i*im- nad »r« <lv« to nrrl*« at
x HAS Fit »M •!•*«■•►.
ftfoin Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — : ' From July 10, 1898. — . a&»it»
•0:OOa Nfles, Ban Jose and Way Stations... . •8:43*
' 7 :Q» a Keulcia. Suisan »nd Sacramento 10543 a
7 :ii«a MarrsTtlle, OroTilleand Redding ria
Woodland ........................ 5:43p
7:©Oa Elraira, Vacarllle and Ruinsey...... 8:43p
?:3»a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa, ■ " _
- Calbtoea and Santa Rosa ...... ..- 6iiSf .
•»:««>* Atlantic Express. Og<len aud Kaat.. , SilSp
•iiilOA •San .lose, Stockton, Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, * M nrymillo,
Chioo, Tehaina and Ret 81u1t.... ,4«13r
«:30a Peters, Oakdale *nd Jamestown.... 7:ll»P
•H:SOa Milton ........ '..... nil**
»:«» a New Orleans K*i>rßst. Merced, Fres>
ii!), BakerslieM. : Santa llartiara,
I .on A»igplc«, Demlng, El l'aao. -
-.-' ■■-."■ ; ■ -- New Orleans and K«at...... 41i43p
I 0:OO A Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7545p
*l:OOr Sacramento Hirer Sternum •HiOOp
San Jose, Niles and Way Stations. . . J»:l3a
• :<M>i- Llrermore, Mendota, Hanford and • > "• -
Visalia ........ .......;..• 4«15p
Urerniore. San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations ....................... Jl©a»A
«sOHr Martinez, Han Kamoii, Vallejo.
Napa,* CallHtnia, V.I -. Vrrauo and
KhiiUKom ••!«*>
4:O«r Benida, VaoaTllle, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MarynTtlle, Oro- '
»ille mill t0............. I«:II»A
4:»«p Nlles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7« I 3 ■•
4:30p Stockton and L0d1... .....; I8ul3»
IfSOr Latlirup, Modesto, Merced, Fresno.. ;
- MoJaTa, Santa Barbara and I .us :
AiiK01iM.. .. ....................... 7 "49*
4i3op Martinez. Merced (Raymond for
Yoeenaite) and Fre5n0.... ......... I»jlSp
4:30p BanU Vn Jtmite. AtlmiLlc Kxpress
for Moj»»o ami Rust .".. 6:4.1*
6: our Kuroiieau Mall, Ogden and Fast.... 9:45*
•6:OOi- Vallejo ia:l.lp
fi:OOi- rtajwamt*. Nilrcatid Han J05e...... ?<43a
t~:O«p Vallejo, Tort Coato and Way Sta- '
■ tion* ............. :..... ..;.......".J«»43f
- Sitter OretfOti I N»CTam9«''o, Marys- -
' viile, Ife.l.lin^. roit.aml, ■ l'liget
'• ' ■Hii»aiUiiil fart *.....:.......■•«»»*
SIS CfJuTSSu ami IIAIWAUDS UiCklu
( Foot of Market Street.) • .
1 Uelr»>r. \<nii»arr I'nrk, 7 771151
K:©oa Kitfkhnrjr. KlmhnrHf, ' CJ35*
-KSJ San l#an«lro. Souths.. ! • i5 4
<ii' : SSa 1-e.n.lro, bUdlll*. \ssS*
jia:«iOM Ureiixo, Cherry , • HM3p
{3:ttOp and - |9t4S»
il:Otfp H»jn»rdn. - (3:43p
7:OOp { Runs through tc Nile*. , 7:45p
I 1 From Nile* • I ■*--.'■ ■ '
■•■.-.- COAST IU VISION (NarrotT <JKB|te).
(Foot ot Market Street.}
. ITj43a Santa Cms Excursion, Santa Cms
and Principal Way Stations }>s63r
1 3 a. Newark. Centerrtlle. Ban Jom, Felton, i
Boulder Creek.Sa&taOnu and Way
Stations : iii3*r
•2:13p Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
■ ' Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
' Santa . Cnu and Principal Way
- Buttons •19:3Aa
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood k Way Stations ' 9:80 a
04i13p Boulder Creek and Santa Cfn5. ...... JB:8Oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frenSlH FRaJtCISCO— FooI «r Mtrtit Street (Slit 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tWO . . *8:00 13:00
•1:00 . J5:00 •6:00 p.M. •. . ' • ",
OtlUID— *r Bros4wsj.— 'o:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
, tl2:00 . *1:00 t3K)O *3:00 t«:QO *B:OQp.ii.
~~ COAST VISION (Broad Usage).
(Third and Townsend St».)
•7:OOa Ban Jose ami Way Stations (New - ■■■
• Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....... li3Op
J7i3Oa Sunday Excnreion for Ban ■ Jose,
Santa Cnn, ; Pacific * Grove and
PriDcipal Way 8t»t10D5............. \ JB:S3f
9iOBa Kan Juee. Trea l'lnos, SmiU Crux, .
IVcllic OroTe. Paso Roblea, San '
v. .-■' .';■;,' I. itis Ohispo. Goadalupe, Surf aud
. lVinci|ial Way Stations 4il*p
lO:4Aa Sun Jose and Way Stations <Nt«OA
ll::i»A San Jose and Way Stations ....... •Bi»sa
*3t!43rBan Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Park, .
.Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Kan . I m%
P.Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Cms,
Gliroy, Hollister, Santa Crua,
• Salinas, Monterey and Paoiflo -
• Grove M«i»Bi.
•S:SAp San Jose and Way 5tati0n5.......... *!>i<lOa
*4:13f San Jose and Principal Way Station* »:*s.*
•3:(>Op San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:S3a
3 ::t«!- Sail Jose and Principal Way Statioui 3:.t«lr
■ «:.t«p Ban Jose and Way Statious ; 7:30p
«11:45p San Jose and Way 5tati0n5 ......... 7iaOp
■■'A for Morning. : , • I' for Afternoon.
•Sundays excepted. ! Sundays only. ♦ Saturdays only
| Snndays and Mondays. o Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. I
Tituron Ferry, ■ Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL..
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; .12:35.
3:30.'.6:10, i 6:30 p. m. • Thursdays— - trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and- 11:30 p. m. --■■-• •- ' t - - *
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 2:30,
-- 6:00, 6:20 p. l m. .- «•■--■ ■ • ' >■ ■ ■ -- 1 • ■■.:--
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:«,
1 3:40, ; 5:10 p. m. r Saturdays— trips at
1:65 and 6:35 p.m. -■ " •'.... ' • ■-:"-. "*-
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 8:40. • 11:10 a. m. 1:40. 3:40.
6:00, 6:25 m. <--.-. : ■ -■ •■' ■
Between San . Francisco ; and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. • ..-•'.-. :. . • . .1 '.-■■. '
" Leave •■ ■ ■ • . ' *-•. ' Arrive '. ;
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
: ' June 29. — -
Week I Sun- 1898. - Sun- I Week
Days. I days. Destination. days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 ami Novato, . 10:40 am| 8:40 am
S:3opm 9:3oam Petalurna, 6:lopm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm | Santa Hosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
■ Fulton, ../: .
7:30 am ' Windsor, 10:25 am
- . Healdsburg, • ■
", -. I.--.-. .- Lytton, ■ -■>
;-,-■•. Geyserville,
3:3opm S:ooam Cloverdale. ' 7:35pm 6:22pm
7:3o ami I Hoplaad and I |10:2 Sam
3:3o pm| B:ooamr' Ukian. y | 7:3s pm| 6:22pm
7:30 am I - ■ .■f-v.-.5?..- .v> -." 10:25 am
8:00 am Oner*vllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm' . ' ***.'. : *v^.-.- - f 6:22 pm
7:30 am :00 am '■ •Sonoma":". 10:40 am 8:40 am
- .• : • " and "> "«"»•».■•
■ s:lopm 6:oopm Glen Ellen. • 6:lopm 6:22 pm
7-30 ami 8:00am| Sebastopol. 110:40 «mllO:23 am
3:30 pm| 6:oopm| , :, :; .(,7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for. Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
eervllle for SkagßS " Springs ; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs, , Soda Bay, . Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel. Dell Lakt?. Upper
Lake Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's. River-
side, Llerley*B. Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights.
Hullville, Boonevllle, Orr*B ' Hot Springs, Men-
docino City,; Fort Bragg. Westport, Usal. ;
Saturday to . Monday round ; trip tickets at _
reduced rates. . . . ,■ . ,■, ■ : • - ■■- ■ ' ■
. On Sundays ' round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bids;.
A. i W. . FOSTER, ■ ■ -. : R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. i Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
- Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MIIX VAIiLBT
AND SAN RAFAEL. ■■ >
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, •8:00, - *9:30. 11:00 *.- m.:
•1:46, 3:20. 4:00, 5:15, •«:00, 6:30 p. m. , ,
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday*,
Wednesdays, . Saturdays and Sundays at 11:3
""SUNDAYS— *8:(». • *9:00, •10:00. . U:00. tXM
sv m.; 1:00. »1:45, »4:00. 6:80. 6:45 p. m.
11 -00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sundays.
(■3O p. m does not run to Mill -Valley Sundays.
Trains marked • run 1 to San Quentln. -
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYJS-6:25. 'SiSS. 7:55, 8:25, •S:*
a.'m • '12-20, 2:10, »3:40, 4:35. 6:15 p. m. -
'EXTRA .TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. ~ ».--
SUNDAYS—7:OO. »8:08. •9:45. 10: 48. »U:tt
am • 1:00, 2:20, »3:30, •5:15, *«:00, 7:00 p. m. '
Trains marked • start ■ from ' San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
* WEEK • DAYS— 6:45. - 7:55, 8:43, 10:18
a. m ; 12:40, 2:?5. 3:55. 4:55. 5:20 p. m. . :
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays -
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. . ■ - .
*SUNDAYS-8:00, 10:00. 11:10 *. m.: 12:05. 1:J».
1:40, J:66. 5:30, 6:30 p. m. "  ' -
.* THROUGH t TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ss.
8:20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'na.
fc:l6 p. m. week days - (Saturday ; excepted)— :
males and way stations.
1:00 a. m Sundays— Caiadero and way sta'ns.
1:41 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way stan*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1. " IS3S, trains will run' as follows:
.: South-bound. .".'; . : ; North-bound. .
Passe Mixed. ■ . ' B Mixed. Passen- .
ger, Sunday . .Sta- Sunday - ger..
Dally. Exc'ptd ; : - : tlons. •'•;■. Exc'ptd Daily. %
' 7:2o am 9:00 am ■■'■ Stockton - ■ 3:45 pm 5:40 pm
> 9:10 am 12:50 '-• Merced . 112:50 pm 3:53 »
10:40 am 3:50 pm Fresno - 9:30 am 2:2opm
11:35 am 6:45pm : '- Han ford -■ ~ 7:45 am' I:2spm
'2:45pm 11:50pm .Bakersfield 2:3o am. 10: 15 am
12:05 pm| 7:50 pm : i j. Visalia :sK [ 6:40 am; 12:55
Stopping at intermediate points as required.'^ .
■'-' Connections— At ' Stockton ; with ■ steamboats |of 1
California >. Navigation . and > Improvement t Com- {
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at I
p. m. dally; at Merced with stages to and from :
Snellings, t Coulterville, Yosemlte, etc.; ':;_ also ;
with -. stage I from ; Hornltos, i Marlposa. etc. ; .at
Lankershim with stage to ' and ' from - Madera. v v "
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
. (Via Sausalito Ferry.) .. .
Leave ■ San Francisco, commencing . May '■ L
1898:-- ;■- -i .■■■ , ; .-- ; ',?c-- „-.,:-. .■-..- ... ... .
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m. •
Sundays— B:oo. 9:00, 10:00, ,11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
1:30 p..m.\%.:.v^,v- Sw -_r - --•■.■■• .-. , ■■;,■..
Round trip from Mill Valley, U. ; -  . , .
THOS. ■ COOK r & : SON, "Agents, -; 621 Stark** ; r
streat. San Francisco. r: .; :■-■ . ■■ ; -. .
1112
TORPEDO BOAT
FARRAGUT IS A
HOODOO SHIP
The Fighting Machine
Disabled Again,
MAY BE LAID UP SOME TIME
EFFORTS TO FIX THE BLAME
PROVE UNAVAILING.
A Vagrant Bolt of the Cylinder Head
Plays Havoc With the
Delicate Mechasv
ism.
The torpedo boat destroyer Farragut.
recently launched at the Union Iron
Works, gives promise of being the only
Jioodoo ship ever launched from the noted
Shipyard at the Potrero. In keeping with
hor record since- she slipped gracefully Into
the waters of the bay, she is again laid
up for repairs.
This time her injuries are so serious as
to preclude the possibility of her official
trial for many weeks to come. Seafar
ing mon have looked askance at her trim
lines ever since the night on which she
tss launched. To Miss Elizabeth Aphe,
a niece 01 Admiral Farragut. was dele
gated the honor of christening the speedi
est boat in all the American navy. When
the fateful moment arrived for the break-
ing of the bottle of i
wine upon the ship's I
bow there was a !
hitch— the bottle did j
not yield up its \
sparkling contents. :
A man standing high :
up on the deck of j
the boat grasped tho [
red. white and blue ;
silken ribbons by \
which the bottle was
suspended and per
formed the neces
sary duty.
There was much J
ominous head shak- |
ing at tho time and i
the sailor-folk, most
superstitious of mor- j
tals. said it boded I
no good for the ship
With the racing lines.
la preparing for \
her official trial there i
were a number jf 1
minor accidents 10 i
her steering gear, I
topped off with the
smashing of her I
Nickel strel piston
rod, showing its
hollow centrr.
prow on the wharf. She is so much
faster than any boat In these waters th:xt
the men in charge of her did not, appar
ently, allow sufficient space in which to
bring: her to a fuii stop.
After the arcftge to her bow had been j
remedied she vcas again keyed up for her I
official trial. She was not pressed and yet I
ran nearly W lo h er re auired sueed of '
thirty k-^ots an hour.
All w-^g i n readiness
for the official test
■^nen, on Monday
last, the most seri
ous injury of all oc
curred.
A four-inch bolt,
one of a number
used in holding
down the cylinder
cover, worked its
■way inside the cylin
der. When the en
gine was placed in
' tootlon this foreign
Bent piston rod in
the cylinder.
substance made havoc with its deiicatfl
mechanism. It first bent the Harveytied
or nickeled steel, piston rod and, before
The machinery could be stopped, had also
cracked the cylinder.
The piston rod wus repaired at the yard, I
but th*=- cylinder must be replaced in tho I
East, whence it came. The piston
rod, like every nut and bolt of the ma
chinery, is hollowed out, to the end that
wHght might be saved. Everything
about the boat has been designed to pro- I
duce the extreme speed of which she Is
possessed.
The most rigid investigation has been
instituted by Superintendent John T.
Scott and others in authority at the
works in order to fix if possible the re- I
sponsibility for the injury to tne Farra- I
gut It has not been determined, as yet,
at what perioiMhe bolt found lodgment
in the cylinder. TBl_fc-offleial.s scoff at the
Idea that the bolt was placed there by
some malicious person. The explanation
offered is that it fell into the cylinder
when the engines were being assemoled
originally and gradually worked its way
to the place where it wrought so much
damage.
STRUCK BY A CARRIAGE.
Mrs. Henrietta Arnold Knocked
Down and Slightly Injured at
Fourth and Market.
Mrs. Henrietta Arnold, residing at the
Wilson House, 775 Mission street, was
knocked do-vn by a team while crossing
Market street at the intersection of
Fourth and Stockton, yesterday after
noon, and escaped with a few
Insignificant bruises and a shock to
her nervous system that may confine her
to her bed for a day or two. According:
to Policeman Farley, who was on duty
st the crossing, quite a number of ve
hicles, among them the private carriage
of John D. Spreckels, driven by hla
coachman, and containing Mr. Spreckels'
two daughters, approached the spot at
the same time. Farley had piloted some
ladies across the street when he heard
a shout and turned to see Mrs. Arnold
lying on the pavement almost beside him
and alongside the Spreckels carriage.
Mrs. Arnold had evidently attempted to
follow the officer across the street and
was struck by the whlffletree. throwing
her to the ground. The officer assisted
her to the drug store at the cornnr of
Market and Stockton streets, where Dr.
J. A. Nelson made an examination, and
finding she was not seriously injured,
Bummoned a carriage and removed her to
Her lodging-
Mr. Spreckels was notified of the acci
dent, and at once sent Dr. Winterberg to
attend to Mrs. Arnold. The two phy
sicians made a careful examination and
found that her injuries were trivial, the
most painful being a bruised toe, caused
by one of the horses stepping on It. One
of Mrs. Arnold's fingers was also bruised.
her right shoulder sprained and the sklK
scraped from her knees when she fell.
As sho was Quite hysterical she was
placed in bed and advised to remain there
until she recovered her composure.
Officer Farley said the team was being
flriven at an ordinary gait and no blame
could be attached to the driver, as It
was palpably an accident. The coach
man made a statement of the affair to
the officer and was allowed to proceed
without detention. The scene of the ac
cident is one of the most dangerous cross-
Ings in town.
Teachers' Aid Society.
The Tc-aohers" Mutual Aid Society held
its semi-annual meeting yesterday after
noon at Union square Hall. There was a
large attendance. The reports of the
officers showed the society to be in a
flourishing condition.
The new board of directors was duly In
stalled, and was as follows: Miss Hackett of
■\\>l>«ter School, Miss Laura T. Fowler of the
Normal. Miss M. Gallagher of the Denraan,
lUrs. M. O'Neal of Lanuna Honda, Mr*.
Chalmers of Rincon Grammar. Miss Mae
cord of Webster, Miss Earle of Dud
ley Stone, Miss Jones of Agassis School, Miss
Tobln of Moulder School, Ml»s Kitzßimmons of
Jl'ssion Grammar, Miss Douglas of the Ham
ilton Grammar.
After organizing: they re-elected the follow
ing officers: Miss Laura T. Fowler, president;
Mrs. M. O'Neal, vice-president: Mlhs Alice M.
d'Arcy, treasurer: Miss N. C. Harwell, finan
cial secretary; Miss M. E. Grote, recording:
secretary-
After the Excitement
Of the week it is delightful to sit down
and quietly enjoy reading the San Fran
cisco isews Letter,. •
PASSING OF
ARTHUR WHITE
Popular Young Turfman
Dies in St. Louis.
STARTER CALDWELL ROASTED
JOCKEY BURNS SIGNED TOO
MANY CONTRACTS.
Stake Races That Attract and the
Reverse — What Turfmen Ex
pected and What They Are
Going to Receive.
Intelligence has Just been received that
Arthur White died In St. Louis last Fri
day. Mr. White was but 26 years of age,
but for all that was one of the best-known
turfmen in the West. He was a member
of the well-known racing firm of Whfte
& Clark, and came to California about
four years ago, bringing Whitestone,
Clara White and many others to this
coast. They had a fair measure of suc
cess. Later they owned Morven, Com
mission, 11m Murphy and other well
known turf performers. Arthur Wh.te
first came into public notice in 1892, whoa
at Washington Park, Chicago, he cleaned
up $36,000 on Carlsbad's win of the Ameri
can derby. He was then but 20 years of
age. With this money he purchased, in
partnership with "Stoney" Clark, a large
siring of racehorses, and also went Into
the bookmaking- business. During the
past two years the firm' has b<*en terribly
down in its luck, and not long since Clark
took the horses and raced them in Mon- j
tana, where they now are. Mr. White'a [
death was caused by consumption, whicn
began to assert itself about two years |
ag-o. He went to San Antonio, Texas, a
year ago to recuperate. The trip did him I
a world of good, but with a return of j
health came a lack of care for himself,
with the result that the popular young >
St. Lou's turfman passed away at the j
home of his parents. His legion of friends
throughout America will greatly regret
his early taking off.
The Chicago papers are a unit in "roast
ing" Starter Caldwell and in praising W.
F. Bruen, who did the starting the first :
week of the Hawthorne meeting. The re- I
suit will probably be the retirement of
the veteran to the home of the "used-to
be's." Bruen is= evidently an "iser."
Jockey Tommy Burns oids fair to cause
a lot of trouble for the Turf Congress
folks. The signature of his parents is
attached to one contract too many for the i
seasons of 1599 and 190 C One is to a con- j
tract with Thomas Hums of 111
nois, the other to one with John j
W. Schorr & Son of Memphis, j
renn. It was Hums who "de- j
veloped" the now famous rider. Under j
that contract Tommy is to receive but I
12500 a year; under the Schorr contract ]
JSOOO per season as a retainer. Burns is |
inly IT years or" age, and cannot write his i
jwh name; but it seems his Canadian I
parents write altogether too much— at
least as far as signatures on riding con
tracts are concerned. Just who will eet
Burns' services is enigmatical, but the
boy declares he will never throw a Wg j
liver another horse for Hums, however
the Turf Congress law unravelers may
decide.
The California Jockey Club managers
could get together and dish up a few
new stakes and erase a number from
their stake books. The ones just an
nounced are so old and worn that one
would think the type had been electroed
and the club did not want to throw
away the plat*--.. The big stakes— those i
worth over $20w— are all right, but those I
worth any less are not going to have [
any more drawing power on turfmen now I
on the other side of the Bookies than a |
bread-and-milk poultice on a mule's sore j
3hin. It was announced here last sum
mer that $1000 and $1200 races, dignified j
with the name "stake." were things of j
the past— an unpleasant memory merely, i
Yet Just thirteen of these are offered, i
In not one of these stakes mentioned is !
the winner's share over $1000. and one
race vvorth.soooo is ten times as good when j
Irawing cards are desired as these measly
affairs designated "stakes." And then,
too, the conditions in most of these events
Will not suit the up-to-date turfmen of
the present. Those now on the Eastern .
side of the ridge will nstst on the con- i
aitlons reading "$ added." and not "a
sufficient sum will bo added to make the
stake worth $ ." They will not stand
for "guaranteed stakes" any longer, I
for club members seldom h;:vr- to go down [
Into their jeans to make good aa much as I
they would have to in an ordinary sell- j
ing" race. In short, the only kind of
stake worth offering is one worth from
$2000 to $20,000, for cheap affalrr, don't
have aa many starters in them by half aa
a race for the common selling platers,
and are, therefore, not quite as interest
ing. It was declared here last summer
that the number of stakes were to be
cut down and those given would b? worth
any turfman's while, but it seems tho
change from last season is bo slight it
would take a powerful microscope to dis
cern it. __________ ______
The greatest hnnd-to-hand fight in
the war, in next Sunday's Call.
. —•_ — ■ KM
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS, j
r
Charles and Leah Meyer to Ida Brown (wife j
of Abraham Brown), lot on W line of Van Ness ■
avenue. 103:1 V*. N of Broadway. N 34:4Vs by W
135:3; gift.
V. M. Seaton to Mary E. Tozer, lot on N line I
of Erie street (Creek lane). 122 :S Wof How- |
ard. W t;2:2, N 155:&. E 31:1, N 30. SE 16:3. S !
31:7 E 1". S 146:6; also all interest In the es
tate" of Phebe J. de Frees (quit claim deed) ; $10.
Johanna P. and Joaquin T. Frettas and Henry
and Annie Strnae to Henry L. Rirppel, lot on E
line of Florida street, 100 N of Twenty-second, !
N 25 by E IM; $2300.
Estate of Marj' D. Heckman (by F. Haussler, i
administrator) to Wenzel Adams, lot on NW
line of Howard street, 100 NE of Seventh, NE
25 by NW 90; 17660.
Catherine F. Hill to Catherine M. Dodge, lot
on E line of Eighteenth avenue, 171:1 S of Cali
fornia street. S 50 by E 120; %',.
David D. Houston (by John K. Moore, at
torney) to Charles G. Butler, block bounded
on the X by Alma avenue. E by Clayton
street, 8 by Rlvoll and W by Cole (quit claim
deed); KM.
San Francisco Savings Union to Thomas Do- |
herty lot on W line of C'aetro utreet, 30 S of ;
Sixteenth. S 45 by XV 100, lots 2 and 3, block I
14. Flint Tract; *31S0.
Mndeleina Trebucq to Jacques farthou, undi
vided half of lot on SE corner of Savannah
(X) and Tobago (Thirty-fourth) streets. S 200
by E 124. block 60, Paul Tract Homestead As
sociation; }!■-'•
Alameda County.
Harry E. Bullock to Margaret M. and' Ella
1,. ■ Bullock, lot on B corner of Eighth street
and Fourth avenue, NE C 5, SE 110. NE 50.
BE 30. SW ■ 115, NW 140 to beginning, being
lots 6. 7 and 8, block 4, Clinton, East Oak
land: gift.'
Glrolamo Ghlotto to James A. Devoto. lot
31, block E. ■ Broadway and Telegraph avenue
Park Tract. Oakland Annex: 1100. .
G. L. and K. 1..- Fitz. to James and Hannah
Campbell, lot on W . line !of California ? street;
116:48 3 of Bancroft way, S DO; by W 129.25,
block 4, Spauldln.(? Tract,-. Berkeley: . J202. \
• M. G. and G. Bengllnan. to W. J. Hermann,
lot on SW corner of Hlltrard and; Euclid ave
nues. W 50 by S 125. being lot 20, block 7,
Daley's Scenic Park. Berkeley; J10:
Wells, Fargo &- Co. to Jennie jM. - Shannon,
lot on 8 line of • Central avenue. 841:8 E of
High street, E 33:4 by S. 125:6, being portion
Hawley Tract. Alameda: $200. : : .'
H. A. and Ellen Nelson to H. A. Nelson Jr..
lot' on .W line of Everett street. 100 S;of>Buena
Vlrta nvenue. S 60 by W.. 122:7%, being, lot 5
in the Folev blpck, Alameda; JlO./^":.'
Clotllde Harper (wife of . Thomas) to RndrißO
Knell, lot -on S line of Twenty-second street,
200 W of Curtis/ W M by S RO:4. being the N
H of lot 5, block H. Curtis and Williams Tract,
Oakland: . . ■ - ■ . - ..
Jacob Hoeires' to Anna J. M Hc»f?es. ' lot on
N line of Johnnon aventie. 350; W of . Court
street. W 77: C bv;N 130. being portion John
son Tract, Alameda: (rift. . .>■.':
Man- Crlchton to Chris Elferle. lot 10, block
A. King Tract, Brooklyn Township;, $350.
; Builders' / Contracts.
-. R. J. Techau (owner) with :lckelhelmer Broth
ers (contractors), architect none. Gas and elec
tric fixtures, wiring, etc., for building on -- W
line of Mason street. •80 N of Eddy, C 7:6 by
137:6; $1370. • ;
Morris Lando (owner) with 1,. H. Birth (con
tractor), architect Phlllpp Rchwer<lt. Mill work,
etc.. for a . three-story frame building with
basement in V line of Ell's street, 37:6 W of
Franklin. W 25 by N 87:B: $1075. ;.. -
The greatest hand-to-hand flprht in
the war, ;. in ' next I Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGL T ST 27, 1898.
EMBARKATION
OF REMAINING
NEW YORKERS
The Scandia Sails at
10:30 This Morning.
ARIZONA GOES TO MANILA
BOARD OF SURVEY FOR THE
CHARTERED TRANSPORTS.
Surgeon Choate Makes a Statement
Regarding the Typhoid Fever
Cases in the Seventh Cal
ifornia Regiment.
The United States transport steamer
| Scandia will sail this morning at about
! 10:30 for Honolulu and Manila. For Hnnn.
i lulu she carries Companies A. B and D
: of the First New York Regiment, con
j sisting of 295 men and ten officers, in
command of Lieutenant Colonel H. P.
j Stacpole. Majors Scott and Emmet of the
I New York regiment also go with the de
! tachment. For Manila the steamer takes
I Second Lieutenant A. P. Hayne and
twenty-five men of the First Battalion
Heavy Artillery, California Volunteers, to
| act as guurd for $1,000,000 in coin for the
I troops in General Merritt's command;
] Majors Sehofield, Sheary and Sternberg,
paymasters, and three clerks, in charge
1 of the money; Major Kobbe, Third Artil
i lery; Lieutenant Wedgewood, Battery B,
i Utah Artillery; the following medical offl-
I cers: Major Owen, Lieutenant Page ajid
: Acting- Assistant Surgeons Z. Taylor
Malaby, Ernest Klnlock Johnstone and
i Henry dv R. Phelan; Hospital Stewards
: Gerahty. Klar and Cox; Acting Hospital
i Stewards Cappelen. Gibke. Hutchins,
: Peterson, Rynnlng and Wood, and 139 pri
l vates of the hospital corps and four Red
i Cross nurses, making a total of 497.
All of yesterday afternoon was occu
j pied in the embarkation of the troops,
WILL CARE FOR SICK SOLDIERS.
Laden with medical supplies, recruits and hospital nurses, the Seandla
will steam from this port to-day, bound for Honolulu and Manila. On her
return from the latter port she will have on board the
soldiers sick and wounded, who will be given every
attention by the wearers of the Red Cross and the
surgeons in charge. The local society has been pre
paring delicacies and necessaries for the returning
heroes, and its representatives will see that the arti
cles are dealt out with a lavish hand.
Dr. Z. T. Malaby of the army will assume charge of
the medical department of the converted transport,
and will see that every comfort i.s given tfce patients.
Although a young man, Dr. Malaby has had a wide
and varied experience. He was house surpeon <>f
Bellevue Hospital, New York, for two years, and while
there had occasion to treat cases of every kind. Im
mediately on the outbreak of the war he tendered his
services to the War Department, and they were ac
cepted. He was given the rank of first lieutenant, and
was attached to the medical staff of the army.
and at frpquent intervals the New \ork
band, stationed at the bow of the steam
er played patriotic airs. The dock was
thronged with visitors and friends or the
departing soldiers. As usual the Red
Cross ladles were on hand to supply the
men with lunches. It was at a late hour
last night? that the Scandia pulled out
Into the stream. .
The steamer, now owned by the Govern
ment, formerly belonged to the Ham
burg-Amorlcan* Packet line. She is about
aa large as the Arizona, has power: ul
engines, is quite a speedy boat and »s
wrll adapted fcr a hospital ship, for
which she is to bo used after reaching
Manila. Captain N. T. Messer, who
brought her to this port, has been re
tained In charge of the vessel.
Orders were received from the \\ ar De
partment at militury headquarters yes
terday for ..10 Arizona, now at Honolulu,
to leave her troops at that port and pro
ceed to Manila. The orders will be car
ried to Honolulu by the Scandia.
SEVENTH CALIFORNIA.
Surgeon Choate Makes a State
ment of the Typhoid
Fever Cases.
Major Choate, surgeon of the Seventh
California Regimen', gives the following
history of the typhoid fever patients of
the command:
To the Editor— ln regard to the statement
relative to the existence of typhoid fever In
the Kevt-nth California Regiment, I will state
that our regiment was sent to Camp Merritt
on May 23. On June 1 two cases of typhoid
fever developed, viz: Lieutenant Hates and
Private Wood. These were tr-nst erred to the
French Hospital. On June 25 Lieutenant
Greenleaf and Private Tyson were taken with
typhoid and w<?re Transferred to the Marine
Hospital. Two more cases developed during
June, anl since then typhoid patients have
come in at the rate of about one a week until
August 12. since which time they have devel
oped at the rate of about two per day. During
a part of this time malarial fever has also
been very prevalent, and oftentimes It has re
quired several days' observation to determine
whether a patient was afflicted with typhoid
or malarial fever. As soon as typhoid has
been diagnosed the patients have been pent
to either the Division Field Hospital or to one
of the other hospitals, which have so gener
ously offered to care for the sick soldiers.
There were not sixteen cases sent to the
Division Field Hospital on August 24, with a
diagnosis of typhoid fever, as has been stated.
Four of the thirty cases sent were diajrnosed
as typhoid fever, eight more were mariced ty
phoid fever followed by a question mark. show-
Ing that they were still under observation and
diagnosis not certain; two or three malarial
fever; the others for sickness of other kinds.
Eleven of the fever patients were received into
the hocpltal within the three-day limit de
scribed by orders from headquarters.
The reason why so many had accumulatetfnn
the Regimental Horpltal was that the Divis
ion Field Hospital notified W about August 15
not to send any more patients than was ab
solutely necessary, as they were overcrowded
and forced to put the sick in tents.
The car.es of typhoid developed almost entirely
In one section of the camp, the reason for which
was shown the day before we moved. August
23. when a mass of filthy refuse of various
kinds was uncovered while the men were exca
vating for new sinks. This refuse had evi
dently been buried by the former occupants of
the tract.
There has been no reason for, nor attempt
at, concealment of the unsanitary and un
healthy conditions of the camp, ac our morn-
Ing reports from the first day In Camp Merritt
until the present time will show.
In regard to the wgiment remaining at
Camp Merritt. It is to be borne in mind that
since the order to move to the Presidio some
four weeks ago was revoked by Maio;- General
Merriam because It hnd been decided to sund
the regiment to Manila on the Arizona or the
Scandia. It has remained there In constnnt ex
pectation of soon being ordered aboard ship,
and for this reason I have not personally urged
our removal. J. J. CHOATE.
Surgeon Seventh California Infantry. -
YOUNG'S MISTAKES.
Blames the Officers of the 2Oth
Kansas for His Conviction
of Embezzlement.
The statement of Quartermaster Ser
geant Jnmes A. Young of the Twentieth
Kansas Regiment, who was sentenced to
one year in the penitentiary at Leaven
worth for the embezzlement of commis
sary stores, treated some little excite
ment yesterday in the regiment of which
he was a member.
The facts are these, as given out by the
quartermaster: Young sold In an open
and above board manner $109 SO worth of
commissary stores and invested the mon
ey in tobacco. Part of this amount was
taken out in trade for tobacco. This to
bacco Young sold to the men. companies
.and officers of the regiment, and in but
one case did he receive any pay, but
charged it up against the different par- I
ties. All the money he received gp cash |
he accounted for. An officer of tne regi
ment, who was upon the court that tried
Young, said yesterday that if he had J
been tried In a civil court he would have
been quickly acquitted. Young's ac- i
counts show that some of the commis- \
sioned officers of the regiment borrowed
money of him, which they have not yet ;
returned.
Young declares that he Is not guilty,
because if he violated any military law
it was through ignorance, and he never
appropriated a cent of the money to his
own use. It appears that he is not cul- ;
pable of any intentional embezzlement. ■
as he has not been paid the money that
he was charged with embezzling. Young ;
states that he has friends at home who
will present his case direct to Secretary
Alger.and that he will soon be out of the j
penitentiary. General Miller says that
any ameliorating circumstances in the I
case will be forwarded by him to the Ad- |
jutant General at Washington.
THE DIVISION HOSPITAL.
Major Mathews Will Have
Thirty Trained Nurses at
Work Next Monday.
Major Matthews, in charge of the Di
vision Hospital, stated yesterday that fif
teen of the trained female nurses com
menced work yesterday, and that he
hoped by Monday to have thirty, the en
tire number contracted for by the Gov
ernment, at work. He anticipates no in
convenience because of the number of
stewards that left .the hospital yesterday
to go to Manila, and declares that by the
first of the week he will have the big hos
pital force in better working order than
It has been heretofore. Regarding tho
report that he will be called upon to
make in relation to the typhoid fever
cases from the Seventh California Regi
ment Major Matthews said: "I will hand
in my report to General Miller to-day
but I am not prepared to say what it will
be. However, I do want to say that there
Is no epidemic of typhoid fever, and I
regret the sensational reports published
regarding it. The percentage of actual
fever patients is small. The investiga
tion is not called for because of the num
ber of cases, but because of the offense
in not notifying the proper authorities.
As far as that goes, one case of fever in
the regiment and that not reported would
cajl for the same investigation. At pres
ent I am not prepared to say who is to
blame, if any one.
BOARD OF SURVEY.
To Examine Chartered Trans
ports With a View of Return-
ing Them to The Owners.
Upon the application of Colonel Long,
depot quartermaster, a board of survey,
consisting of Captain Edwin P. Pendle-
ton. Twenty-third Infantry. Captain Eu
gene T. Wilson, Volunteer Signal Corps,
and First Lieutenant John O'Shea,,
Fourth Cavalry, nas been appointed to
meet from time to time, as may be Indi
cated by the depot quartermaster, to act
conjointly with representatives of owners
of steamships chartered by the United
States as Government transports in con
nection with the removal fror.i such ves
sels of all property of th^ United States
that the Government has placed upon
these transports as fittings, and recom
mend what disposition shall be made of
the same. If any repairs are necessary
to place these vessels in the same condi
tion as when chartered as transports, the
board will determine the amount neces
sary to refit the vessels. The board will,
in addition, determine such various in
cidental questions which may arise pond
ing return of the chartered transports
BOW no longer needed by the Government
to their owners, and of those transports
which return to this port and leave on
a second or other voyage under the or
ders of the Government. The board will
fix responsibility and recommend the dis
position of property to the best interests
of the service.
Red Cross Notes
The San Francisco Red Cross Society
met In executive session yesterday morn
ing. The report of the treasurer showed
cash on hand J21.586 54. The construction
of the convalescent hospital was turned
over to the State society. Arrangements
were made f>.r properly furnishing the
building, which will be completed In ten
days. The estimated cost is $2250, of
which sum $1800 has been contributed by
the auxiliary societies.
The public schools yesterday mad.; their
first Red Cross contributions since vaca
tion. The generous sum of $538 85 was
turned in. The Burnett School sent in
$185 45 ac the result of an entertainment,
and the balance came from other schools!
and was handed in by Miss Strincen.
The badg-e committee reports 1000 badges
undelivered. .
"The Little Brown Dog," written by
Mrs. K. S. Worthlngton has brought to
the Bociszy $il, Mrs. Worthlngton having:
given quite a number of copies to the
cause.
Eighth California Drill.
The drill of the Eighth California Regi
ment at Recreation Park, Sixteenth and
Folscm streets, beginning at 2:30 this af
ternoon, will prove a very Interesting
event. The programme, arranged by
Lieutenant Colonel Carrlngton, embraces
several novel rind exciting feutures. The
regiment, in command of Colonel Hen
shaw, will arrive at the ferry from Oak
land at noon, and march up Market
str.-ot to Sixth, to Folsom and to Six
teenth.
War Incidents.
Lieutenant Allen Garwood "Wright of
the Fourteenth United States Infantry
sailed on the steamer Arizona on the
21st. Yesterday's Call r-aid he was to
sail on the Scandla, which, of course. Is a
mistake. If. all went well with the Arizona
he is now at Honolulu, being temporarily
attached to the Third Battalion of the
Eighteenth Infantry- The Fourteenth
Infantry it at Manila, and Lieutenant
Wright has uad no opportunity of joining
It since receiving his commission, as no
troopships have left San Francisco for
that port.
Colonel Suter, Captain Sedgwick and
Lieutenant Pratt have been appointed by
the War Department as a board to sur
vey a route for the laying of submarine
cables between the various points of the
San Francisco hari>or defenses.
Camp Merrltt 14 a thing of the past.
The Third Battalion of the Twenty-third
Infantry, with the Oregon recruits at
tached, moved from the pest hole yester
day morning over to the Presidio, where
they went into camp upon the site for
merly occupied by the battalion of en
gineers.
Private Charles J. Lynch, Company K.
First Washington Regiment, died at the
post hospital at 12 o'clock Thursday
night, of injuries received By falling
down the stairs In his quarters.
Captain \V. H. McKitirlck, son-in-law
of General Shafter, was at the Presidio
yesterday. He states that for the present
and until all of the circumstances are
fully known that the public should re
frain from censuring Shafter. The gen
eral will probably reach this coast in
about two weeks. Captain McKlttrick is
the officer who raised the flag over San
tiago.
The court rrartiai now trying the cases
o_ the Boidlers o_ tho Tennessee RegU
merit, against whom are charges of being
implicated in the attack upon the person
and property of Dan Thomas, was In ses
sion yesterday. Private Davis of Com
pany L was before the court, and his
case was finished, and that of Private
Anderson of the same company was be
gun. The sessions are secret, and the
verdict will not be made known until it
has been approved or disapproved by the
commanding offiVer. The evidence so far
has not sustained the charges. The board
of officers appointed to assess the dam
ages in the case were also in secret ses
sion yesterday, and examined Major
Cheatham and two house contractors. It
Is their duty to fix the blame as a whole
and to ass-rss the amount of the damage.
This board will not complete Its work for
some time.
Colonel Funston of the Twentieth Kan
sas has threatened to put Lieuterint Col
onel Little under arrest for a tiolation of
the sixty-second article of war, which
treats of conduct prejudicial to military
discipline. Charges of incompotency were
some time ago made against Little, but
were dropped on account of his sickness.
It seems that recently Little made cer
tain recommendations as to the filling of
vacancies in the regiment. This angered
Colonel Funston, who claims this pre
rogative, and had himself already made
recommendations. Funston proposes to
find out who Is really the colonel of the
regiment.
THE POTRERO PICNIC.
A Great Outing to Be Enjoyed on
Labor Day.
St. Teresa's congregation and their
many friends will turn out in force to
enjoy Labor day, Monday, September 5.
There will be an excursion through the
valley of Santa Clara, stopping at San
Jose to pick up friends. Los Gates is
to be their terminal point for a grand
picnic. The Union shipbuilding yards
will be closed on that day.
The Potrero picnic will be the largest
of the season, and no efforts will be
spared by the various committees to pro
vide comfort and enjoyment for all. The
train will leave the Towns^nd and Third
street depot at 9:15. stopping at Valen
cia street going and coming, and return
from Los Gatos at 5 p. m. Tho round
trip fare is $1 for adults and 50 cents for
children.
There will be athletic sports, a good
band has been secured, and the Colum
bia Quartet will render several fine se
lections. The committees in charge are
as follows:
Committee on Arrangements— Charles Mr-
Laughlln John O'Keefe. William Flynn. Aug
ust Denehan. Frank Boyle, John Sharkey,
Alex Keefe, John Ryan, James Stram, George
Bchretz, P. Ueilly, Clarence Laumeiater.
Committee on Games— John Walsh (judge), J.
I". Flynn. Martin Lacy, Mark McCann, Wil
liam Wilson, Edward Pween*y. Joseph Flynn.
F!n,,r Manager— Fred A. Gufflng.
Floor Committee— Mr. Daly, James O'Don
nell, Charles A. Flynn
Asthma.BronchltlsiCatarrb cure
Gordln, Sanitarium, 514 Pine, nr. Kearny.S. F.Cal.
■ ♦ « — ■ -"'
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, August 26.
Pchr Ralph J Long. Gruggel, 8 days from
Sluslaw River.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 26— Stmr Lucania,
from Liverpool.
f- A N I RANCI6CO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San FrancJsco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nlffht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— o27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllleter street; open untl' 9:30 o'clock.
Cl 5 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission s|reet: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of T#enty-i«econd and Kentucky
streets, open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F .and A. ■
—Called meeting THIS DAY (SAT-
URPAV), August 27. ISSS. at 1:30 lvX
o'clock p. m.. at Masonic, Temple, for '.V
the funeral of our deceased brother, PETER
GEORGE BAUCH. By order of the W. M. ~
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Encampment No. 1, I- fIW >8
O O F —Meets THIS (SATORDAYi'Y
EVENING. Degree work. Offioers /\
please attend. * X
W. I. CROSSETT. Chief Patriarch.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222, I. O. , O. : <^*iU^.
F - Officers and members. aro re- '^fffiSgasSr
quested to assemble In your hall r^Wja3«r
SUNDAY. August - 2S. at 1:30 p. ''"'^
m for the purpose of attending the funeral
of our late brother. HERMANN C. LIEB.
By order of JAMES A. WILSON. N. G.
C H. KORNBECK. Recording Secretary.
3 LODGE rooms; all needed accommodations;
927 Mission. L. ALTP'.'HUL. 320 Clay st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
HVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 84 CO cents
t*T share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable a t the office, of the company.
327 Market st.. on and after Thursday, Sep-
tember 1, IS9S Transfer books will close on
Friday, August 26, 1898. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
BIDS wanted fr.r bar and other privileges. Jour-
neymen Butchers' picnic and barbecue. Agri-
cultural Park, San Jose, Sunday, September
11. Bids for bar and other privileges, same
to Include stands. booth 3. games, slot ma-
chines etc., must be separate and must be
Hc<-f>mpanled by certified check. Bldg will be
opened at Pythian Castle, W3 Market st.,
Monday. .August 29. 9 p. nr. In presence of
bidders. The committee reserves the right to
reject any and all bids.
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 5580.
F.MPI.OYMFNT OFFICES.
FIRST-CLASS help furntahed promptly. C.
H. TAYLOR & CO.. 1023 Market, nr. Sixth.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau: Ideal help.
*122 Golden Gate aye.; telephone South 1.1.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
Ne\t. reliable, middle-aged woman desires
situation: 110 to $15; pood cook and bOUM-
worker; best reference.; city or country.
MIS? (TLLEN, 32:> Sutter Bt.
T^a^T^cko^r^^r^-
' ter st. >'-,■ .■■■'■'-■ ,
WANTED-By mlddle-agtd woman, a place a»
working housekeeper; no objection to short
distance In country: or would take care of In-
valid; or cook small boarding house; wages
not less than $25. Address by letter, MRS. A.
S in care MRS. LARKIN. Potrero aye., city.
SITUATION, by * trustworthy woibm .as cook
fare patd. Please coll 6"8 Jones, near
A MIDDLE-AGED lady of education and re-
ar <rneiit would like position as companion.
'j.,. ( , «,.,-r»torv or mv position of trust;
Silling to trave? Box 194. Call Of He*
A RELIABLE woman wants situation: city or
short distance In the country; is a good cook:
win do light housework. 10 Stockton place,
off Stockton St.. bet. Pogt and gutter.
MOTHER and daughter would like a position as
housekeeper In widower's family: no objec-
tion to children. Add. L. S., box 128, Post-
offlce v Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes a situ-
ation as working housekeeper; Is a good
plain cook; trlners need not apply. Box 13..
Call.
A COMPFTENT girl wishes a situation to do
general housework; ref.: wages $20 to $23. Call
37G Seventh St., near Broadway, Oakland.
A YOTTNO girl would like a position as com-
" panion and to assist in housework. Address
E D box 126, Postofflce. Oakland.
GERMAN woman wishes situation at second
work, plain sewing, care of children; city or
country. 460 Jessie st.
A WOMAN wants a place to work In city at
light housework. 8. D., Free Employment
Office. 419 Stockton St.
A~COMPETENT girl wishes a situation to do
general housework: ref.: wages $22 to $23. Call
756 Myrtle st.. Oakland :
WOmXn wants any kind of work by the day;
housework or Fewlng. MRS. M. H.. 2752H
Mission st.
GOOD competent girl would like situation;
general housework, cooking; small wash. 3255
Twenty-second st.. near Valencia.
YOUNG woman wants to take care of child
nights 6r evenings. Box 745^Ca1l Office.
GERMAN girl would like to do chamberwork
in rooming-house. Box 196, Call Offlc*.
A SWEDISH laundress wishes position by the
flay. Address 1137 Folsom st.
COMPETENT American housekeeper or cook;
boarding-house or large family. 1016 Market.
LADY would like position In stoa; experience
ft-4 reference. Sox 803. Call office. i
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
MRS. RANCK. first-class ladies' nurse v. lth
best of references, wishes a few more en-
gagements. 152 Erie St.. bet. Thirteenth ana
Fourteenth, near Folsom.
PROTESTANT^ nurse desires a situation to
care for younfc children: assist with upstairs
work. Box 13(L Call office.
COMPETENT chambermaid wishes a. situa-
tion; city or country. 1 Martha place, on
Geary, between Mason and Taylor.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes any kind of work
by the day. 1331 Fulton st. •
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE-
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay »t.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
b«st help. 414* O'Farrell st.; tel. EastjtW.
MARRIED man Is desirous of any kind of
steady work; painter and paperhanger t>y
trade; oan furnioh tools; sober and indus-
trious; best of references. L. B. \\OODU,
Elmhurst, Cal.
SINGLE Swedish coachman, recently from the
South, desires work in private family, many
years with «ame employer; very best of ref-
erences; not afraid of work. Coachman, box
2S, Call office.
GERMAN gardener, thoroughly understands
propagating, landscape and greenhouse work,
wi6hes situation on ? private place; refer-
e.icee. Address MULLEK. box 138, Call office.
STEADY young man wishes situation as
coachman, Ftableman or man about place,
thoroughly understands care of horses; city
or country. Box 197. Call Office.
SOBER middle-aged man wants position in
small hotel or restaurant as diswa3her,
kltchenhand or to make beds; last place five
years. Address A. S., box 1176. Call office.
YOUNG man, 20 years old, wishes place where
he can take care of hordes and cows and
make himself generally useful about place.
Box 140. Call office.
MAN and wife with child 12 years wants a
position on a ranch, wife to do cooking; man
to do gfnera.l farm work. Apply 629 Howard^
ADVERTISER wants situation; reliable young
man of good address and education; ener-
getic and willing worker. Box 198. Call.
EXPERIENCED blacksmith and woodworker
wishes situation; city or country. Telephone
Blue 144.
BLACKSMITH'S helper wishes situation; 8
years' experience. Telephone Blue 144.
JEWELER wants work. Address letter W.
FALCON, 711H Mission at.
ENGLISH coachman; thoroughly experienced
man; understands butler's valet's duties; 5
years servant general officer cavalry; 5 years'
American references; could take full charge
private place; city or country. Box 86, Call.
A RELIABLE experienced driver desires situa-
tion to drive and care for team in any kind
of business; city references. Address box 29,
102 O'Farrell st. _______________
ELECTRICIAN, good wlrerran, understands
running engines and dynamos, wants work.
Box 128. Call office.
WOULD like situation as clerk either in
wholesale or retail grocery or meat store; V/t
years' experience; member of I. O. O. F.
Box 199. Call.
FIRST and second cook wants situation; hotel
or restaurant; city or country. Address 14
William st.
YOUNG man (19H) wishes employment in some
shop; has had experience at lathe work. Box
189, Call.
BOY of 14 wants position; cash boy or any
kind of work. 1305 Mission St., bakery.
YOUNG man -with good references desires po-
sition in private place as gardener and man
about place. Address J. D.. box C, Call Office,
Oakland.
COMPETENT Japanese cook desires position
In private family; plain and fancy cook; first-
. claas references. Address HARRY, 935 Sac-
ramento st.
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener; understand*
the care of lawn, flowers, hcrses and cows;
reference: private family: small wages and
good home. Box 220, Call Office.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS' 15 Grant aye.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
. ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night: $150 to $8
week; .convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE.
IRISH cook, Jewish ; family, $30. MISS CUL-
; LEX,- 32a.Sutter at. . . • ■' ■'.
YOUNG nurse, 1 child, $10 to $12..; MISS CUL-
• - LEN, ; 325 ' Sutter st. -•..-.-. ■■ ■■ ■ ■'■■■• -;
WAITRESS. Gilroy, $20; waitress, Crockett. $20;
chambermaid and waitress, country, $20.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN maid and . seamstress. $30. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St. .. ' -
HOUSEWORK Palo Alto. ' $25, see lady
here; Alameda. $25; San Rafael. $2»: 10 house-
work girls, city and country-, $20 and $2a; 6
young girls assist, ■' JlO ■ t0.515. MISS CUL-
■ LEN, 325, Sutter st. . .-?,.;•<* ■
TWO waitresses, south, $22 50; 2 waitresses,
country hotel, north. $22 50; 2 waitresses for
Healdr.burg to bo to-day. $20; 8 waitresses,
different country hotels, $20; 6 waitresses for
new country restaurant. $20 and found; 2
, waitresses, city, $20; 23 house girls lor coun-
try and city places. $15 to $26. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. •-,104-Ceafy st. v
GERMAN or Scandinavian second girl, $25. see
lady here; 5 cooks In German and American
families $25 and $30; 3 German, American
end French nurses. $20: 3 waitresses and
chambermaids. $20. $?'. $5 and J* week, and a
larre number of girls for all kinds of work
in city and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
• 316 Sutter St.. i ■ - • ■
COOK and second girl, same house. '$30 and $20;
German cook. $30. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sut-
. ter st. : ■■■.■- ' - " -' -
2 HOUSE girls, Palo Alto, $23 and $20; second
girl. Oakland." $20: house girl. $25; nurse girl.
$12: young girl to assist. $12 to $15. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st. '
GIRL for general ; housework. 1431 Webster st.
GIRL for housework n:>d plain cooW.-yc: Ger-
man preferred; aft or 3 a. in. 16C8 Larkln st.
WOMKN «n1 girls to work on fruit. Apply
CODE-POUTV.'OOD CANNING CO.. Tenth
and Bryaat sts.
WANTED — Operators on flannel overshlrts; a
few Inexperienced hands taken snd taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36Mr Freraopt st.
WANTED— Twenty-five young ladies to pre-
pare for the vaudeville stane: engagement*
secured. Apply Prof. Barker's Dancing Acad-
emy, 927 Mission St., between Fifth and Sixth.
GOOD cook and housework girl; must under-
stand some German cooking; references. 1123
Laguna st.
WANTED— A girl for general housework at
Ifi2< Vallajo st.
NEAT, respectable German girl wanted for
general housework. Apply 3696 Seventeenth.
WANTED — Girl for general housework. 3448
Twentieth St., near Capp.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: positions
free; patterns, 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
WANTED— Finit-claas skirt makers. DO4 Sut-
ter st.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
;cwelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ava.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
ED BRITTON, the cook, please call: 2 quarry-
laborers. $2 a day; 8 axmen to make laggings,
tools and grub furnished; teamsters and la-
borers, country, $1 80 a day; tunnel men.
from *1 75 to $2 50 a day. R. T. WARD &
CO.. 608 and 610 Clay st.
160 MEN and strong boys to pick and pack
grapes, etc.. for a large vineyard company,
124 a month and found: cheap railroad fares.
MURRAY & READY, C 34 atul 636 Clay Bt.
EXPERIENCED man to boss raisin picking
gang. $1 a day and found; experienced man
for the dry yard, one who understands prune
dipping and curing, 75c a day and board.
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE WANT TO-DAY
22 cooks, different places, $50. $40 and $35 and
found
Barber for a country shop
10 waiters, different country hotels, $25 and $30
and found
Porter, country hotel. $20 and found
6 bakers, different country shops and hotels.
$40 and found
Assistant bakers, city and country. $25 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay st.
FRTTtTIpICKERsI . . .• FRUIT PICKERS
For different parts of the country, $23 and
found; man to bud fruit trees, $26 and found:
20 ranch hands. $26 and found: wine-cellar
man, $20 and found; ranch blacksmith. $26
and found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay st. i
FARMER and wife for a vlnvard. Santa Clara
County, $30 and found. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay St.
WANTED to-day for Government work
4 stonemasons, $4 20 a day
We also want for
Raflrod work Free far*
2 and 4 horse teamsters
Plow -holders
Muckers, pickers, etc
Long Job and free fare.
MURRAY ft READY. C 34 and 636 Clay St.
ENGINEER, with kit of tools, for a manu-
facturing plant, country. $35 and found; night
engineer for same works, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 638 Clay St.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
GERMAN coffee house cook, $60; German s3f
ond cook. $50; second cook, hotel north i:ri;
cook, country hotel, $40; dishwasher, mining
town. $30 • • 1"
5 waiters, country restaurants. $30 and
room; country hotel. *30; restaurant, $7 a
* Baker's helper,' 'hotel,' $25 and found lj_shop*.
$30 and $20 and found. C. R. HAN SEN <&
CO., 104 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED, active Janitor. $40; hotel pcr-
tcr $20; 2 bellboys. $12 f.O; elevator boy, $10;
pantry boy, $12. C R- HAN3EN & CO., 104
Geary st.
IRONER, $35 and found; P°" sn ?J- *|° and
found, hotel laundry. C. R. HAN SEN _
CO., 104 Geary st.
10 TEAMSTERS, Coast road Free far*
10 laborers. Coast road Free fare
20 toamst-rs. new work Free far*
12 laborers, city Free fare
S laborer*, near city ..Free fare
7 fruit pickers, near city *20 and board
20 lumber pilers. sawmill J2b and board
10 swampers, sawmill » and board
Railroad laborers and rr-cknv-n for Alaska
and British Columbia railroads. Particulars
at C R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary st.
Free fare . •• Grape pickers
75 men and strong boys to pick grapes and
work in winery for largest vineyard in un-
BlTc'ksmith's'heipVr'forshop near city. $9 per
week- 2 laborers for railroad yard near city,
$1 60 per day; 2 laborers for factory near city.
$?0 and hoard; waiter, country hotel, fars
advanced. $25; butcher for restaurant Indty
$35 to $40; farmer? and others. V, . V. EV hit
& CO.. 626 Clay st.
WANTED— Young man, single, to drive a ml'lt
wagon in this city for first-class company v
$30 per month and found; must have gool
references. W. D. EWER 4 CO., 626 Clay «t.--
75 GRAPE PICKERS 75
Grape pickers.- .....Free far*
Free fare • Grape pickers
75 men and Ftrong boys wanted to pick graphs
for the largest vineyar.i in California; good
lone Job at 75c per day and board and free
f_rf- call early. W. D. EWER & CO.. 62«
Clay st.
WANTED— SO men to pick grapes for a largo
vineyard company. $2fi month and board and
fare paid one way; about 60 days' work. \\ .
D EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st.
WANTED— 2 Italian ciuarrymen. $30 and found;
milk wagon driver; 6 laborers for mine *2
day; miners, $2 M day; farmers. $2" and $3^';
laborers for city, $175 day; 3 milkers, HO,
steady job; groom.. t»; old choreman and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623
Sacramento et.
WANTED— Bathhouse man. $25; barkeeper. $30;
restaurant butcher. $35; second cook for coun-
try $50- boarding-house cook; hotel waiter,
country. &<>'■ restaurant cook. $10 week; ranch
cook $15; bellboys and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT „ CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Woodsman and wife. $50; hay and
erpin salesman. $12 W week and increase; 2
miners, $2 50; laborers for furnace. $2 day;
Swiss milker. $30; milkers and farmers, $2'>;
farmers. $25 and $30; Broom, $30, and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Experienced bathhouse man. $23
and found; American birkeeper. $30 and
found; boarding-house cook. J3O; restaurant
cook. $10; kitchen men and others. Apply to
J F CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st
WANTED— Chef cook. $S0; cook, restaurar.t,
$60; second cook. $.">fl; broiler. $50; night cook.
$4.'- waiters, dishwashers and others. AN-
DRES. 316 Stockton st.
NIGHT watchman who has fired engines. $17 10,
city hotel; bellboy who has had some experi-
ence as clerk, $20. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420
Kearny et.
ENGINEER wanted— A competent, industrious
man of good character to run an engine and
superintend other work: give references as to
ability, etc. Box 136. Call office. ■
WANTED— Experienced young man for dryi
and fancy goods business in country: musf"
be able to trim windows. F. E. L., box 48,
Call office.
WANTED— Boy with some experience in manu-
facturing, jewelry-. Apply to C. H. YOUNG,
room 34. Thurlow block. Kearny at.
EXPERIENCED advertising solicitor, this city:
one wlllLng to take board and room as part
pay. Address, stating experience fend refer-
ences, E. 8., box 135. Call office. __
WANTED— A strong boy to learn the baker
trade. 2757 Twenty-fourth St., between York
and Hampshire.
BAKER to take second hand. Apply at once.
J. G. BUSS, Mill Valley.
BARBER for Saturday. $3. 173S Market St..
opposite Eleventh.
STEADY barber. 759^4 Howard St.
BARBER wanted fcr Saturday. 375 Fifth st.
GOOD barber for Saturday; wages $3. 623 Clay
street.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday; good wagee.
606 Third st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REIS3
BROTHERS, 24 Suttter st.
WANTED— MIddIe-ared man to assist In din-
ing room. Apply Central Hotel. 530 Third st.
WANTED— Photographer; a good retoucher and
finisher. Pox 193, Call office.
WANTED— 2 first-class cutter 3. Apply SIEBH
SHOE CO., 23 Jessie et.
WANTED— An errand boy. SRANCES, 704
Sutter st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1416 Howard st.
MAN to wait at table and make beds. Union
Hotel. 1300 Turk st.
WANTED— A strong boy to work In bakery.
142 Eleventh st.
NEAT, bright boy, 16, fair size, to learn glov«
cutting; state references .as to character.
Box 123. Call office.
— Children's clothing salesman; must
be good stockkeeper. RAPHAEL'S. - .
WANTED— Young butcher > to drive wagon;
must know how to cut .meat. -.-. 137 Second st. .
YOUNG . man i with some experience in grocery
business. .-. 152 Seventh St.. 10 to 12 m. •
MEN and ,wom>>n to : learn . barber : trade at Saa
. Francisco Barber College, ISS& Eighth st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. ' United States navy; abi^-bodled.
' unmarried men, between, the ages of 21- and
30 years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who- have legally declared
their intention to become such: must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between!; 3
feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height. For further
Information apply at the recruiting office. 20
Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; SI to $3 per week. ■
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade: short-
>' est time; ea»y terms. 1542 Market st. -•■.-.:-„•.:
MONEY on diamonds,, sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50: men's
soling, "sc: only one price. ' 923 Howard st. -•■
J .J. HEINZ, 630 Market St.. official em-
ployment . sec. of Barbers' Protective Union.
SOLICITORS wanted. Apply at 404 McAllister
street. ■ ■ ■-■:■■ " ■■• ■
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free : employ-
er t. H. Bernard. Sec., 104 7th; tel. Jessie lie I.
BARBERS' Ase"n Free EmploynVt Office; /^sffT
FUCHS. S«?c.. 325 Grant aye. ; . tel. Grant ' 138.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, 'coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 > Steuart.
MEN to learn barber trade :In • 8 weeks. " Saa
Francisco Barber College. 138H Eighth st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen . wanted at
■ LANE'S. 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night.- Rosedale House.; 32l. Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.-" -
WANTED— To collect \ wages due laborers an 4
| | clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Putter nt.
i SINGLE rooms. 10c and : 15c night ; 75c and $1
week. ; Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sta.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third st.. ■ near
Market; : 200 room*. 25c night; reading-room:
fry* 'bin an.l hag-grace to anil from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED. ,
AGENTS to handle a quick-selling novelty of
merit. :. Greater West Adv. , * Novelty Co..
1155H Washington St.. Oakland. Cal. ,
/ '""''■ FURNITURE : WANTED.
CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer-
chrndlse: sold on commission: reasonable. B.
_COHN. auctioneer. 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1901.
H. ' BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
. • rhnnd'so ' I'V.T Mnrk»-t «t ■ : tel ■T"»«l'» ■ < ' i _^.
r ROOMS WASTED^
| WAT^ED^'^nx^nWurnnThed or unfurnished
] within easy walking to Hamilton Square, by
!■' an elderly woman: must be reasonable. Ad-
1 I "' dress ( box .5<K5. Call «»ince. ' ■■-
.;■ ROOMS AND BOARD [j^^^^
GENTLFMAN .wants board and, sunny room, v^
weekly, between , Market and Sutter sts.. notflr
west of Taylor y' state- terms. Box Sl9t - '.all<Sj
1 ~wa\tki)-mimi:llaskoi's.
WANTEP Skirts to make: prices, silk , skirt.
French stylo, finish.. $1; woolen, 75c and 63c.
! - 327 Franklin ?t.. corner Grove. : r . . "
i PHOTOGRAPHIC i and ma«io ,;-. lantern : app»»
i ratua, eecond-bind, 109 Montgomery, at. . ■
"^^ iniirnii mi it'tiTi — ifr rfT<?n r inir J Tffii i -rifTWii~nf"inr'*WW^^MBUSINESS CHANCES.
r|_sor |_50— SALOON or. Third st.. close to Call build-
Ing; rent $25; club rooms; stock worth *>00;
circumstances compel owner to accept 25 per
cent if sold at once. WILKE, 843 Market st.
A-s:**-RARE chance; saloon in choicest loca-
. tlon; billiards; elegant fixtures; large stock
, of liquors; excellent paying place; other busi-
ness compels owner to a great sacrifice.
- -yVILKE, t.4.'. Market St.
$W~_UJ_OON with mercantile lunch _lo»e to
• Welis-Kargo Express Co. ; rent $30; a good
■ paying place: splendid chance for man and
Wife.- Call WII.KK -;. Market st.
$750—CORNER grocery tod bar, with 4 livire
rooms; very best location; 2 blocks north ji
Hibernia Bank; doing a splendid cash nar
and store trade. Inquire WILKE, 545 Mar-
ket st.
$160— DINING parlor, free rent: good place for
■jnan and wife. Mcl-AUGHXJN. 777 Mai
$260— LAUNDRY route; good horse and wagon
Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market st.
$660 — CORNER grocery and bar; sickness cause
of _aie. Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market.
$450 — COAL oil and gasoline route; good ferae
and waßon; will clear $100 per month. M--
■ -.AUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
CORNER saloon; barsrain this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN A: CO., 777 Market et.
fliOO— FIRST-CLASS restaurant and oyster
house in a prosperous country town; doing a
business from $30 to $50 dally; long lease;
best location; legitimate, established busi-
ness-, trial given. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777
• Market st.
1800— PARYNER wanted in old-established cor-
ner saloon; present owner there for years;
owner sooner have partner than hired help.
M. LESS, 765 Market st.
1400— STATIONERY. noUpn and variety stor-<
north of Market st. ; T living-rooms: cheap
• rent: fine opportunity: old-establis_ed trade.
■ -1. LESS, 765 Market St.
' $175 — BRANCH bakery, delicacy and notions; 5
' rooms; receipts $10 dally. KREDO & CO.
$46<v— Grocery and bar: fine corner; bargain.
$550— Grocery and family liquor. KREDO &
CO.
."I MORE men wanted with $500 each security
and good position. KREDO & CO., 22 ■_
$460— GROCER Y and bar: north of Market St.;
old established; fine location; doing £" d
business. JONES & SEARLL, 865 Market st.
HOC— GOOD paying cigar store; one block from
: Call Office: fine location; cheap rent. Partic-
ulars JONES & SEARLL. 865 Market St.
|ISO— FOR sale or trade; saloon, billiards, fur-
nished rooms; low rent. BASILE, »73V> Mar-
ket st.
$3500- -FINE delicacy and grocery: all cash I
trade; $45 to $M> daily: clears $275 per month; j
6 fine living rooms and bath; long lease; I
cheap rent: large cellar: horse and wagon;
large stock; fine fixtures; for sale on account
of death in family. MRS. W. S., box 132.
Call Office. -
$150— HORSESHOEING shop; best location in
city; with complete tools and saddlehorse.
Apply 23 Golden Gate aye.
GROCERY and bar for sale: fine location; with
living room_. Apply 125 Devlsadero st.
BRANCH bakery and delicacy store; account
sickness. Apply Call Office.
PARTNER to open wine and liquor business;
small capital. S2 1 :' Valencia, before 10 a. m.
BUTCHER shop. 3SI Sixth st. ; on account of
111 health; one the best cash shops In city.
$160 MONTH: well estab. business for man and
wife. 58 San Pablo aye.. Oakland.
PAPER route for sale. Particulars at 560 How-
■ ard st.
SHOEMAKER shop for sale cheap; must leave
• city. Call m Minna st.
$150— SALOON for sale: doing a good business;
living rooms up stairs; very cheap rent. In-
quire Call office.
GOOD location for fruit store; fixtures In;
reasonable. 280 Third aye., cor. Clement; take
Suiro car.
SAIXKDN for sale; under the Mission Opera
Hall, 2131 Mission at. (
$60— SHOE shop for sale. Apply Call office.
BRANCH bakery, notions, school supplies, ci-
gars, tobacco; will sell cheap. 3012 Sixteenth.
GROCERY and bar for sale, with lease; open
for inspection. Apply northeast corner Page
and Octavia sts., or CTKTIN & BEALS,
Mills building; third flooi\
$400— GOOD paying bakery baking 2 barrels
with few hour wagon route; most trade In
Store; owner retiring from business. Address
box 85. Call Office^
$1600 WILL buy a 26-room hotel; 2-story, hard-
_______ anJ furnished: new windmill and
tank; lot 7Gx150 goes with building. Call at
_56 Third »t.
i>RY goods store for sale In San Jose, Cal. ;
good reason for selling; at a bargain; be^t
location in city. Apply The Call. San Fran-
cisco. __^
$800— IS-ROOM rooming house nicely furntehed;
good location; rooms all occupied; select. Box
100, Call Office^ -
BARBER shop running 2 chairs; clearing $20 a
week' will give trial; with 3 rooms furniture.
Box I_7. Call Office.
$800— DRUG store; owner going East; fine place
for doctor. Apply 30€ Sixth st.
BARBER 6hop for sale in country; doing good
business. APPl>' * a Third st.
LADY In legitimate business wishes gentleman
to buy half interest. Address box 242, Call.
OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon cheap. 211 Grant
avenue. __J
FOR SALE— Fremont Ba_a_r, 1787 McAllister
Et near Baker; opposite Fremont School; no
opposition: has th» exclusive trade of large
school. Inquire on premises.
ONE of the oldest dyeing establishments in
this city for sale cheap on account of re-
tiring from business. Inquire 148 Third st.
BAKERY, elegantly fitted up; fine cash
trade; owner anxious to sell. 3025 Sacramento.
CIGAR store for sale cheap on account of leav-
ing city. 434^ Third st.
FOR BALE — Grocery and bar. Inquire 1400
Folsom et.. corner Tenth.
$500 — BOARDING house with 11 furnished
rooms; 21 regular boarders; trial before buy-
Ing. Address M. J., box 4, Call office. Oakland.
MONEY en diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
PAYING commission and realty business; can
show monthly income $100: other business to |
attend to; $250. Z.. box 1. Call, Oakland.
GAS fixtures very low: large assortment: 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
PCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
STATIONERY store; good, old paying place;
make a nice living. Apply Call office.
KUEVK-TTH and Mission- -Corner store; fine
opportunity for saloon or French liquor store.
■ TO PRINTERS— CompIete Job office In Oak-
land; cheap for cash. P., box 1. Call. Oakland.
FOR sale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from QBO.
W. CAS WELL & CO.' 3, 415 Sacramento at.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
BTENBERG _Tc07. . '. . . .....tfH KEARNY ST\
23rc>om». clears $70; central $700
S rooms; sunny corner; dears $30 800
24 rooms; Third St.; family house 1000
18 rooms; corner; big bargain 600
27 rooms; ■ wner'a Jiyears; N. Market St.;
other bargains. STENUKRG, 26tf Kearny.
A— 3o ROOMS; new and cloan $1550
. 74 rooms; south of Market st. ; fine 4000
31 rooms; transient: Market st ! ( o0
15 rooms: feli-rt; transient; corner 300
14 rooms: fine house; income $50 clear 900
36 rooms; elegant; furnished hotel ISOO
60 rooms; part ca^h; transient 1450
18 room*. Market st. ; clears $200; cheap.. 850
F. C. HYDE & CO., successors to Rogers
A Hyde. 1206 Market st.
A— 2B ROOMS; rent $50; ntar Baldwin Hotel;
call this week; bargain. F. C. HYDE &
CO., successors to Rogers & Hyde, 1206 Mar-
ket st.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
10 rooms; corner; very good $250
24 rooms; sunny corner; clears $100 900
68 rooms; corner; clears $250 22'«
100 others; 2 to 100 rooms; prices $100 to. 8000
62-room house; fine and gnod 2800
10-room house; worth $3f«j; only ISO
ALL TITLES <HA RANTEED.
See my bargain list in to-day's Chronicle.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth,
PINE and Hyde— Large corner house of 33
rooms and 3 baths; very centrally located;
rent reasonable. Apply MADISON & I'.i.hke.
$325— LODGING house: bnrgHin; on account of
sickness. McLAU'HIf.IN ft CO. 777 Market.
OAKLAND— First-class family roomtaf-houM,
partly furnished; clears $121 a month. Ad-
.lress PoMoffiee box 71, Oakland.
FURNISHED house: 8 rooms; rent cheap; all
the rooms occupied : no reasonable offer will
be refused. 406 Mason st.^
BARGAIN— S3OO; 9-ro..m house In best part of
city; account sickness a »t
FLAT of 3 rooms; cheap; only $23. 3oB^_ Jes-
sle et.. near Fifth.
. • FURNITURE FOR SALE.
COMPLETE furniture of 3 housekeeping rooms
cheap. 2407 Clay st.
BICYCLES.
frWlLL~sei?f r WILL~sei? l<f~new WM high grade bicycles
(sold in 1897 for $100) at $29; biggest bargain
of the year; first come, first served. JOSEPH
HOLLE, Twentieth and Foleom sts. |
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and, Mrs. M. .Davles;
true irlends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity;. 'disgrace
avoided; kind- sympathy ana aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy,: ..- privacy, home,
etc. ; babies ■ adopted - travelers treated: : no
delay: self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23
Grant aye.. .S. F. A caution— Before pur»
chasing elsewhere write us.
SELF-CURE can be sent for female trouble;
■ no^matter from what cause and how long
standing; every woman her own physician;
restores always in one day; safe and sure: no
medicine or Instruments used; consultation
free; saves disgrace; pills and capsules, $1:
cure. $5. By the well-known specialist, for 37
years. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny.- .'-■■■
A TREATMENT that restores all. cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed: no instruments used;
travelers helped at once; home In confine-
ment: every case guarr-teed; consultation
free and confidential: 6elf-cure, $5: pills. $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 208 Turk St., near Jones.
DR. WISE, late of Bellevue Hospital. N. V. :
offices. Hackmeir Hotel, 123 Eddy st. hours
•9 to 11. 2 to 5 and 6 to 8: consult him for
treatment on ail diseases peculiar to women:
patients assured first-class medical attend-
ance, besides enjoying privacy of home with
experienced attendants strictest confidence
maintained In all cases: consultation free.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
/ ever cause: no Instruments used ;j guaranteed
* cure at office. $6; travelers helped Instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
DR and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home. in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate; infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50:
expressed C. O. D. don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
PRIVATE home in confinement by a first-class
German midwife: Infants adopted Into good
homes. 515 Turk st., near Larkin. ■- ;
LADIES, my monthly regulator cannot fall;
box free. MRS. B. ROWAN, Milwaukee. Wls.
MRS. ACHARD, midw'""- 'home in confine-
ment; confinement alone, $5. 156 Second st.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puett; Infallible. Fafe reme-
dies: 38 years' experience. 254". Fourth st.
j DR. HALL, 1228 Market St.. diseases of women
and children. J ■
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any ■ address in i the united
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
~^ r ~ EDUCATIONAL.
VOCAL Instruction — ANNIS MONTAGUE
TURNER; correct and natural production of
the voice, based on natural and artistic prin-
ciples; terms beginning August 15 and after:
lessons by the month or quarter. For terms
apply personally or by letter to 930 Bush St..
near Jones. .
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, • business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing telegraphy, languages. English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue. ' •
ATRES' Business College, 723 Market st.
Individual instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, penmanship. English
branches and special course for Civil Service
examinations, etc.: life scholarship, $50; low
rates per week and month. .
A LADY teaches piano and mandolin thor-
oughly; 50c an hour; excellent pianist awl ac-
companist for entertainments and vocalists.
■ 1209 Octavla st. *
UNIVERSITY coach— Perry. Ph. B., Fel-
low in Mathematics. U. C., 7407 S. Atherton,
nr. Charming way. Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve.
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILI-gN, 833 Market.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrs experience. Press Club bldg; 123 Ellis.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
. classes; prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
ROBERT TOLMIE. pianist, has resumed
teaching at 1003 Sutter st. " -• - '•
BOOKKEEPING; rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month:. references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
LEO COOPER'S school." of. acting, elocution,
S, pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch 'of flee of The CalL
Want ads and subscriptions taken. • ' - *
-~^~ DENTISTS. .. ;;•■•'; .-.-.,.
A FULL set of teeth, .$5; see new flexible
. plates; light. and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 60; all
work painless and warranted. ! Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
CROOME Dental Parlors, 759 Market, I bet. 3d
and 4th— Teeth filled, extracted, crowned and
bridged without pain; electricity, great dental
comfort, air cases; plates $5 up; filling $1 up;
crowns, bridges $3 up; extract,., with gas, $1.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless . extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from $ to 30 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro. Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up: fillings. 25a. up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market st., cor. Sixth.
PAINLESS extraction, bridge work. New York
methods at New York prices by New York
• dentists. 969 Mission St.. cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
! Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and filling a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market at. '
PAINLESS filling a specialty. DRS. PERRY
& CHRISTIE. 8 Mason St., cor. Market.
839 HAVES ST.— Branch office at The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. -
LOST.
LOST— pass-book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ANNA MURRY; No. 224-1458. The
finder will pier je return to bank. '
LOST— pass-book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MARY WALSH; No. 182-613. The
■ finder will please return to bank. -■
LOST— : 22, medium-sized telescope bas-
ket, containing table linen; $10 reward if re-
turned to 20 Sutter st. .- ■ -
LOST— Bet. Kearny and Slitter and Market and
Jones sts.. gold bar breastpin, with pearl set j
In clover leaf; suitable reward. 782 O'Farrell.
LOST— Specifications for building on corner
Kearny and Morton - sts. Liberal . reward.
LOST — Thursday afternoon, red enameled
. watch; Initials H. E. W. 1201 Jones; reward.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of PATRICK LEE or BRIDGET LEE,
No. 111,351. The finder will please return to
bank. ' -- ... -
LOST— A pass book with The Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of CELINA VINCENT, No. 202-1270.
The finder will please return to bank. •
CHEAPE?T and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid. • -
■ ■ : '- HORSES," ~"~
LARGE assortment of work, draught and driv-
ing horses,- cheap. 145 Valencia st. '
40 : HORSES ■ for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carls, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, ■ 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers. ,-:
CAMP wagons, buggies,- wagons, harness of all
kinds: 40 horses: must. sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 -Valencia Bt. '-■... '.•■--■■•,■
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, bakers' and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828, Harrison it. •. ;
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lle-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln, opp. City Hall.
CARPET CLEANING, v
CITY Steam "> Carpet-cleaning I Works—
- moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone Soutn 250.- -
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
»er.d to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-
.?.• beating Works. 353-57 Tehama ■ et. : ; tel. S. ■ 40."
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st -
, tel. Maiff*394. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-cleaning ; C 0.., 468
Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates. .*.:.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at to
STRATTON. 3 Eighth at. ;'. tel. Jessie 844.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 I4th
St.; cleaning Sc yard; . tel. Mission- 74. ■.;■.-.- ; . v
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel.-- East- 126. : ' .- ■-,-..
.:-:V : % ■ ' STORAGE. I
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and | Moving Co.,
J j office Tenth and Market ; . telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
:,' age .Warehouse, 840 Mission St.; tel. Mint I >zi.
THE SAJS FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 27, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE 'of 9 rooms '■ and bath: 717 Grove St.;
newly painted and renovated; large sunny
yard; furnished or unfurnished; cheap to re-
■ sponsible parties. Key at 6SO Hayes Bt.-.--- , / :
ELEGANT house 8 rooms; front and rear gar-
den. 818 McAllister St.; rent $35. .
LEAVENWORTH. 2202— House of " 10 rooms:
beautifully situated; large grounds; rent
-moderate; if agreeable be taken partially in
. board. ■■-.'■ ■
STYLISH Eastlake house; 8 rooms and bath.
421 Oak st. Rent, $35: , ;
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN &- HO WELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. . . ■ '' .-.■'■,'■■ : - -
HOUSE of 6 rooms. 3 Lawrence place, off
Fremont St., .between Harrison and Bryant;
planked yard; grand view of bay. ' '
339 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FURNISHED houses TO LET.
A— FURNISHED | house near. Van Ness aye. ;
large drawing room, library and dining room
en suite; 9 bedrooms; house sunny and nearly
new; furnace; gas logs and open grates; large
garden; good neighborhood. Address box 190,
3 Call Office.
NICE house 9 rooms, completely furnished;
would board' for rent if desired; references
exchanged. Address box 381. San Rafael.
NICELY furnished _no__rn 8-room house, $40;
adults only. Appfy*HB; Scott St.. nr. Halght.
MODERN- sunny corner, nicely furnished, 6
rooms; also cottage, 5 rooms. 8008 Webster.
COTTAGES TO Lj_T.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath; rent $12. 454
Clipper st., near Castro. •
COTTAGE, $20; flats. $16; suite 3 rooms, $8;
clean; good neighborhood. 1312 Union ■ st.
$10; BAY-WINDOW cottage of 4 rooms; water
free. 105 Collins St., near Geary.
FURNISHED FLATS.
< SUNNY rooms; newly furnished. 1023 O'Far-
rell St., nea^Van Ness aye.
FLATS TO LET.
CHOICE upper flat: 6 rooms, bath and large
basement. 536 Central aye., near Park pan-
. handle: Hayes-st. cars.
EDDY, 1244. near Laguna— Sunny flat 5 rooms;
■ bath; modern Improvements. '■'■.
ELEGANT sunny upper bay-window flat. 5
rooms and bath. Corner Folsom st. and Pre-
clta aye.; $12. ' (
ELEGANT sunny flat; 6 rooms and bath; large
yard. 804 Treat aye., near Twenty-first st.
ELEGANT flat. 7 rooms, bath; rent $85. 626
Post st. ' ■■ • . y
i FINE modern flat 6 rooms. $17; also 7 rooms,
$18 and $20; all light and beautifully decor-
ated: rare . chances and prices. Apply 112
. Scott St., near Halght. ;
FOLSOM, 951. near Sixth— Flat with 7 rooms
and bath; suitable for private and rooming.
FULTON, Fine sunny middle flat, '7 rooms,
• bath; near City Hall. ..----
HOWARD, 1105—5 sunny rooms, bath, with
yard; near Seventh st.; rent low.
MCALLISTER. 635— Modern sunny flat of 7
rooms. $25. '
MISSION. 1150— Nice upper flat: 7 rooms; re-
cently renovated; rent $15. ASTON. EL-
DRIDGE & CO.. 638 Market st. . ' . ■:. '.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
MOSS 30 near Howard and Seventh—
' bay-window flat, 5 large rooms; yard; base-
ment. ■ ■'■"'■
OAK 9llA— Nice flat, 6 rooms and bath; rent
reduced. $1S; water free; nr. Park Panhandle.
SCOTT, 2038-2040. corner Sacramento— Modern
sunny 8-room flats; reasonable. *"
SEE those most reasonable flats in the ■city:
seven large rooms and bath; rent • reduced
"from $35 to $25: fine locality; 1813 Sutter st.
MADISON & BURKE. /
SUNNY flats, 3 and 4 rooms; bath. Key at
1626 Howard St., near Twelfth. ■
UPPER flat of 5 nice sunny rooms and bath;
rent cheap. 1385 Vallejo st. t
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. .
$15— SUNNY lower flat: 5 rooms; all Improve-
ments; basement. 3674 Nineteenth st. ;
$17 50— MIDDLE flat of 6 rooms and bath. 1909
.-Geary, st. ■-■*'.-■ ■■ . . . •...'-,..-
5 SUNNY rooms, bath, all latest Improvements.
'.11 Kingston aye.. bet. Mission and San Jose
aye., above Thirtieth st. ; . -
$15— MODERN, sunny flat of 4 rooms and bath;
marine view. 1059 Broadway, near Jones st. ,'
6 ROOMS, bath: large stable: reasonable.' 5V4
Camp st., near Guerrero and Sixteenth. . ...
$12 50— UPPER flat; 4 sunny rooms. 730 Army
: . St.. near Guerrero.
• $16—5 rooms. 16 . Cumberland - at.", off Guer-
rero, between Nineteenth and Twentieth.
-\ ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH. 726—2 nice sunny housekeeping rooms;
also single rooms. MRS. EBNER.
EDDY, 917— Well-furnished connecting sunny
hskpng. rooms; large garden: fine location.
ELLIS. 327 — 2 large unfurnished rooms; use of
kitchen; also nice room for gent; private.
ELLIS, 538— Sunny side, parlor suite newly fur-
nished; use of kitchen; gas and bath.
FIFTH,- 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
.to let. . ■ . . . - . . '■■'.■'. -.-'■:■
FULTON, 116— 1 or 2 furnished rooms; privilege
light housekeeping; rent reasonable.
GEARY. 1911, opp. Park— Furnished housekeep-
ing rooms, $16: alcove suite and adjoining
i room; porcelain sink; bath furnished.
GRANT aye., 213—4 rooms suitable for house-
keeping; rent $22. . ;
HARRISON, Unfurnished sunny parlors;
water; $9; 4 upper rooms, $12; references.
HOWARD, 746— Two unfurnished rooms j for
housekeeping., 
'HOWARD, 761%— Nicely furnished « sunny bay
I window suite; others; man and wife; kitchen.
HOWARD, 1113H— 3 rooms ■ for housekeeping,
$10. ■■■ ■" :.- . ■•■■-''■■-.. ' . ■ . - ...'-:■-.• «__
• .—. — , —
HOWARD, 1653— Three-room suite: sunny "and
good neighborhood: large yard; $7. '. '-;:,:>:
HYDE, 1000%, corner Pine — Lovely, sunny un-
' furnished rooms; cheap; also furnished single.
LEAVENWORTH, Large unfurnished bay-
window rooms ; American family; adults; $10.
LEWIS, 18, off Taylor, near Post— Large sunny
unfurnished room, kitchen and cellar. '■;■
! MISSION. 1241—2 sunny furnished rooms very
reasonable : to a quiet party. - - .
MINNA. ' 111 V4— Furnished housekeeping room.
$1 25; bay-window room, $1 50; suite, $2 60;
single rooms. 75c a week and up.
MINNA, 620U— nice . front housekeeping
rooms; no children; rent $8. : . ;
MINNA, 648— Two sunny unfurnished *: rooms
with a. stove, or partly furnished. ". ' \
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins and jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS', 16
Grant aye. . : ;: - '.•'■ :■-■'.--'-
NINTH, 20—2 sunny connecting rooms, stove,
water and gas, $11; front bay window, grate,
gas, $8.... '.■■■ ■ . "■•■--■:-: ■.:■:■;.'. '■-.',."■ - -
OAK, 1191—3 or "6- furnished : rooms; entrance
park; gas stove; bath; cheap:. also single.
OCTAVIA. 265—2 or 3 sunny rooms, ■ completely
furnished for housekeeping; rent reasonable. ■
O'FARRELL, i 538—2 real pleasant , rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished: . housekpg. If desired.
SHOTWELL, 937— Upper part of house; 3 rooms,
,bath, bay window, $9. - , :. -.:■ ■.
TURK, — Newly - furnished rooms, with use
of kitchen; gas and bath.
TURK. 405— Sunny furnished light housekeep-
. ing rooms; also others; $6 and $8. ■ ..;■ •;■
TWELFTH, Sunny corner <: bay-window
, suite, ■ complete ; for housekeeping, reasonable;
also single room. -../_, ■-.•■■..- >.. , v
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
SUNNY unfurnished stflte, with 'carpets, $12 a
. month. - 1229 . Broadway, :: Oakland. >. . -
WINDSOR Hotel— without board; ac-
' commodations for cooking. = »th _: Washington."
.:■:• .; •■.:■'■ ROOMS TO LET. '. ■
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant '
i sunny ■ rooms, ■en ■ suite and single; ' first-class
: , : In every respect: terms reasonable.- ,. . .
APARTMENTS; ; quiet, ' homelike : S i reasonable;
■ Com. < Transfer s Co., *22 Stockton I st. ; ' trunks
1 moved to any part of city," 36c; ■ tel. Main 49.
A— SELECT home; ; Hotel Florence, 102 Ellis,
-, cor. Powell; ■■ elevator; baths ; \ best I attention.
A— STOCKTON, 142 — Flrst-claas I sunny I front {
1 1 rooms ; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
AT 418 O'Fanrell— Sunny rooms ; I suites: ; single; •
- " by ' day, ' week or, mo. : . baths, ; running  water.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Sunny furnished rooms; 1
blocks from ; Palace Hotel ; every convenience;
; elevator ; tourists ; ■ near principal ; clubs. >
BRYANT, 770, between * Fifth "and i Sixth— Sun^
• .: ny ; double room : In ; private ; family. : -.;. ',;• :„{
BUSH, ■ 618— Elegantly '■■ furnished ' sunny suites
■ and single; : nice ; home; j modern cony.; ; reason.
CLARA, near Fourth— " Bunny 'fur-
: nished front' room; '$5 month. .-: "^■. "^.
ROOMS TO LET — Continued.
CLIFFORdT*)* Ellis, cor. Mason— Sunny suites
and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $S. $10 mo.
EDDY 212 (The Lexington}— Rooms 50 cents to
$1 per night; $2 to $6 a week; families.
ELLIS S2G— Sunny room, newly furnished, for
2 gents, $10; parlor suite, gas, bath. kltch..s3o.
FIFTH 309 — Large sunny corner room; run-
ning water; other rooms; also housekeeping
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— sl a week and up;
sunny furni-hed rooms.
GEARY 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms;' suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GIRARD House, 192 Seventh, near Howard-
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
GRANT aye., 17^Nlce front suite; single
rooms: transient.
GLOBE House. 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $1; reading room; Howard cars.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en euite and
single: elevator; moderate rates; families.
GUERRERO, 932%, bet. 21st and 22d— Sunny
parlor very cheap; furnished or unfurnished.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; »1 50 to $C per week.
HARRISON. 7R4H. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished rooms; bath; all conveniences; quiet
home; $1 week.
HILLSDALE. 33 Sixth st.— Sunny suite for
housekeeping; suite for 3 gentsj reasonable^
H< >Waßd7" 1068—2 sunny parlor suites; house-
keeping rooms and single rooms; $6 up; bath.
HYDE 1000^4— Nice sunny furnished rooms, $4
and $5; also unfurnished housekeepingj-ooms.
JONES, 519— Sunny front room for gent, $6;
also front room for man and wlfe^
LARKIN, 408— Sunny front and also single
mom; neat and pleasant; private house.
MANSFIELD— 2I2 Popt— Elegant sunny rooms,
suite or single; baths connecting; moderate
rates.
MARKET, 1082— Newly furnished sunny rooms,
suite or single, $6 up.
MASON, 225— Furnished front housekpg rooms
and single; by day, week or month; $2 up.
MINNA", 327 — Large sunny front room newly
furnished, for 2 gentlemen; privilege of 2
meals; home cooking.
MISsfON 925V4— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; also nloe housekeeping suite.
MISSION. 1008, near Sixth— Sunny furnished
room; clean, cheap, private house.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches Jewelry
and sealskins at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
NINTH, 2. r .— Nicely furnished room for 2 gentle-
men; also single rooms; transient.
OCTAVIA, 155— Unfurnished or furnished sunny,
handsome parlors; no children. _^
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. eek or month.
O'FARRELL 271— New management, new fur-
niture- elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent j-easonable^^
POLK, Hl— Newly furnished sunny parlors, $2t;
also large sunny room, sultuble for 2 irent.s
rent $10; modern conveniences. MRS. T.
JORDAN.
POST 909 — Just newly furnished rooms, light,
sunny, quiet neighborhood, gas, bath; private
house. -
POWELL, 317, formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
gantly furnished rooms; reasonable.
BHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 216V4— Quiet and respectable and family
rooms; reasonable.
BCOTT, 1614 — First floor; 3 unfurnished rooms,
bath, garden; $16: adults only^
STOCKTON; 1307. near Broadway— Furnished
rooms for housekeeping; rent_cheap.
TAYLOR. 1519, near Broadway— Elegant suite J
front rooms, with piano and all comforts,
$15; also single rooms, $10 and $5.
TO LET— 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms; beautiful
and sunny: Western Addition; near Broad-
way. B"X 1!»2. r'all office^
THE Piedmont, 119 A Sixth St.— 2 or S rooms,
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
TREMONT Il.'use, IT7I Market St.. opp. Gough
—House newly furnished: single rooms or
suits; two kitchens for tenants for light
housekeeping: rooms from $5 to $12^
TURK, 126— Single furnished room, suitable for
a gentleman, $3 per montfv
TURK. 205— Newly furnished single and double
rooms; bath and gas.
VAN NESS are.. 300— Large sunny single rooms
with privilege of frarlor; modern conveniences.
VAN NESS, 93«— Pretty room; hot and cold;
gas: bath: $10: larger one. $19.
WEN'DT Hotel. 22 Sacramento— Best rooming
house on water front; single 25c up; week $1
up: fine rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
ROOMS AND BOARD
AHLBORN House, 319-321-323 Grant aye.— Rooms
r^ up; board and room, $1 per day and up-
ward; free bus to and from hotel.
KjRANNAN, 444-6 (New Mechanics' Hotel)—
and room $4 50 per week; single rooms
$1 per week.
ELLIS. 618— Nice sunny rroms with flrst-clajs
table board: use of parlor, piano; $20 up.
FOLSOM, 611— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
GOUGH, 70S- .sunny furnished rooms: hot an;l
cold running water; just tinted ,and clear.ett;
terms moderate; board optional.
HEATH, 312 Eddy— Select family boarding
house; flrst-class all appointments; hot water
every room; home conking" terms moderate.
HOTEL SALISBURY. 299 Hyde— Well furnished
rooms; beautiful grounds; table unsurpassed.
HYDE, 40? — Sunny alcove, hot, cold water, with
board; also single room; private; reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH, 1116, near California— Front
sunny room; bath, gas, running water; flrst-
claas" board, $18 month.
O'FARRELL. 742 — Very best board; pleasant
parlor, with piano; everything entirely new.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table board, $3 per
week: with nloe sunny front room. $4 week
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished sunny
Market st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VALENCIA. 1070 (The Irving)— Family boardg. :
warm belt; large grounds; sunny rooms; reas.
VAN NESS aye.. 619— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms; flrst-class table board.
VAN NESS, 712— Large sunny front suites; sin-
gle rooms: flrst-class table board.
VAN NESS, 1000— Large sunny double and Bin-
gle rooms with good table board. $50 up.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED— Children to board; either an In-
fant or child 2 years old; the best of care
given and good references. Address E. M.
W., 876 Wood St., Oakland.
GOOD home for 1 or 2 children: terms rea-
sonable; references. Apply 2014 Folsom st.
FIRST-CLASS German nurse desires an Infant
to raise; best references; good sunny home;
mother's care. 615 Turk St., near Larkln.
CHILDREN or Infants boarded; mother's care;
references: moderate, pm Sixth t»t.
STORES TO LET.
GOOD corner store, bar and 3 rooms; brick
basement; cheap. Northeast corner of Fif-
teenth and Dolores sts.
FRUIT and produce stand for rent. 1339 Park
st.. Alameda.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS"
BOILERB, engines, Sd-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 186-197 Fremont st.
800.000 ft. 2d-hand lumber: rustic and flooring;
15th, nr. Mission; old buildings bought. F.
J. FRENCH, Royal House, 12« Ellis st.
PIPE, 3, 4 and 6 inches, for water, gas or oil.
W. F. THOMPSON, 40 Main. st.
ONE large traction engine, new; very cheap;
also engines and boilers, various sizes; new
and second-hand. Dundon's San Francisco
Tron Works, 314 Main st.
NEW mining and milling machinery cheap;
easy terms. Assay office, 10 Stevenson st.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20; records, $5 per dozen;
projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl. 938-952 Market.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furnltura, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
gines, boilers, dynamos, etc. 616 Mission st.
J. R. POOL, bouse mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; ft. So. 787.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
elzea; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
(2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 46.
i_L kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rateß. 205 Fourth st.
PHYSICIANS.
DX. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty,
PERSONALS.
■""" "-"*" '-"' '^'* J *'sr""*~T ■~-~ -~— v.-j ■'• if :" .. -
"J. C. R."— WILL leave Monday.
JOHN FINCH, baker, communicate with
HENRY BROS., Angels Camp. .
YOU will ' never go elsewhere ■if ■ I dress ! your
, hair once fof 25c: ■ hair ■ restored to 'natural
color. $1 50 up; good switches. $1: finest. $3 50;
extra. 15: open Sunday, 9 to 12. G. LED-
ERER, 11l Stockton st. ..:. . .' ___
WILL any old miners of the early '50's who
knew Morris Ingram or John " Hanks; from
years '52 to '56. write to Mrs. Florence
Hover. -•■ Paducah, Ky., or answer through
paper? . . - ' / .... .. •.:■
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House. 44 Third st., near Market: 200 rooms,
25c. to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
USE ■ Lederer's Quinonla; ; causes a healthy
■ growth. Q. LEDERER. 111 . Stockton et.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices.
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
ELECTRIC sealskin Jackets to order, $50.
MARX'S Fur Store, 957 Market st. ■ •
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth st., Alameda. ■
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
MATRIMONY.
YOUNG man 35 wishes to correspond with
young woman; object matrimony. Box 103.
Call office.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st. ;
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses, $3
• up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy St., rm. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS. \
OMArT" OMAR! OMAR!
THE OCCULT WONDER.
MARVELOUS TESTS.
1 . FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER.
Name of Sweetheart . or Husband. . .
Advice to make you succeed in love, busi-
ness, marriage, divorce, law suits, etc. ; cures
drunkenness, bad habits, evil influences; lo-
cates mines, burled treasures, etc. ; guarantees
success. '■'' -
OMAR NEVER FAILS
. ... .To unite the separated and
Cause speedy and happy marriages.
- - OMAR ■
Guarantees success in all cases.
Letters containing $1 and 4 questions an-
swered. Private residence. 325 Eddy st. 325.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK—
Unrivaled.
Trance Clairv -ant and Medium.
Willie entranced she will reveal every hidden
' mystery In life; will Ehow you how to over-
come your enemies, remove family troubles,
resti--e lost affections; unites the separate, re-
covers lost, stolen or buried property: locates
treasures, minerals: tells your ■■•-itire life,
past, present and future, while In a perfect j
trance, irours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect ,
action guaranteed by mall. Send stamp
' for circular with special terms.
Rooms 25 and 26, 120« Market street.
ATTENTION! PROF. H. ROMAINE
. • The Oriental Seer, — —
I — ! Late of India- ■
TELLS FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER.
Tells what you called for; advises on busi-
ness, speculation, ; love,' everything; reunites
separated; causes speedy marriages: recovers
£ old estates; - locates buried treasures In five
days; never falls. Satisfaction guaranteed by
mail.- Send stamp for special terms. Offices,
1206 Market st. Hours, 10 to 8.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY.
Medical clairvoyant and medium, will diag-
nose diseases and treat with revealed reme-
dies, which are a boon to suffering humanity;
stamp for circular. 232 Stockton st. '■£
j MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
: Bight; diagnoses disease: full life reading; la.
50c; gents $1: palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 1> Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 148 oixth St., room 10.-
MME. MOREAU. • best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. RAMONDI— fortune told "by
j chirograph}'. $1 and $2. 109 Grant aye., room 2.
SONORA RAMONA. medium and card reader;
10c; ladles only. 23 Ash aye. ,
MRS. B. HA I'M ANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MMF.. SYBILLE. cradle to, 'grave; future hus-
'•• band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.'.
~~~ SPIRITUALISM. /'
MOTHER SADIE; materializing: seance to-day,
12 o'clock; 50 ' cents. 409 Leaven worth at.
M. FRANCES. Independent slate- writing | me-
| • dlum. ■ 118 Halght st. . -.-,,'. ■■-...
I O. A. KRA US, medium; astrology and palmis-
try; sittings daily. 334 Eddy st.
I MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia st.: read-
■".. ings, $1; cir. Tues., Frl., 2p. m. ; Mon. 8; 25c.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and ' business medium;
fittings dally. 212^ Sixth St.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates. without
removal; no ■ commlss'on; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. ; tel. Green 204. ■.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential: no commis-
sion; lowest Interest. Room OS. 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
- moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell ;t-
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate; 3d
. and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. •
COLONIAL Inv. Co. — Money on any proposi-
tion; city, country; furn.. Montg'y. r. 4.
ON ' > pianos, furniture, without removal; mo
.: commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
FIRST and second mortgages. estates; city and
country. J. W. WRIGHT, 630 Market st.
MONEY loaned on furniture and pianos without
removal. 205 Examiner building. ' •
SECOND- mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. f36 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and Id mortg.:
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery rt..
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— S3BOO to $4000 for 1 or 2 years on real
estate In Astoria. Or. ; interest 10 per cent per
annum; no mortgage tax. For particulars
address P. O. box 541. Oakland. ' '
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery st.
, MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we - are selling good upright pianos for $6
• cash and $6 per month, we ask, you to investi-
; gate and approve this method; prices are the
■', same as If purchased for all cash;- bargains
; In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
■ payments and some good pianos for $S, $4 and
' $s. per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
■ Stelnway dealers, . corner ■ Kearny and Butter
sts.,: San Francisco, and Thirteenth ■ and
Broadway, Oakland. . ".-.';. - ■■■•.. -;-, .-'
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west s of Chicago Is KOHLFR & ' CHASE'S,
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ' Pianos, organs and
' all other "musical v instruments •of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
: I customer.' "r" r * k ':■:■'■' ':'.-.' : .- ; - T ■:':'.' ■ '■'■'-. "::-'■>- 'V
MARSHALL A. ' WENDET t.. $75; C. Hall,
■! I10O; Bradbury, $130; . Neuman, : $145; Sterling.
$ISS: ; Estey. $190; guaranteed; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ ; & SON. Checkering agents,
16 O'Farrell st.. ' • ■. . ' -'- -- : -■■-.•'. " ■-■'.
FOR the next 30 '■ days ■ pianos ■ will be sold for
cash at almost cost - price by THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. • 769 Market St. ; they
are making room for fresh stock. -■..'•;
24 ELEGANT new pianos; $3 per mo.; second-
•hand upright, $50. Bcott-Curtaz Piano Co., 560
• ■• Hayes : st. -,■ --■<, ;;•'"# /".■-:■:"' .;'.•.• ■.■ ______
BOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans,
•;- Brig kb and ■ other, pianos : see our ■ rent : plan;
no Interest first year. SOS. 310. 312 Post St. :
STEINWAY upright, almost new; bargain for
cash. 834 Turk et.r --;-,--'■■:• . '-f.';- " ■-:;;" -r
A— s6o; UPRIGHT: $5 Installments; other cheap
, pianos. -:•■ 216 McAllister . st. . : , r^ .-^  V-.-r'-'A
SPECIAL sale of ; pianos; :■ wholesale I prices ,to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st. . :
"AD" smallest: ; price lowest: uprights, . $76 up;
; ; rents $2 up.; HEINE,- 136 Ellis at. •»: . . y:
A GOOD upright very . cheap. » 18 " McAllister ; St.,
: : next Hlbernla Bank, y SCHMITZ.v,- - ■ -. .
KNABE pianos: ' new scale: : new styles. KOH-
' ; LER j& : CHASE. 80 O'Farrell st. -; . ; *■ «
SUPERIOR i violins, zithers, \"ld and new. H.
t ,-, MULLER. maker, repairer.: 2 Latham place. v
:, ■;;' : ;-.;. TYPEWRITERS. '.;; :", ' •.--
ALL ' typewrltters sold • and ; rented; few : partly
'.- • used • for ■'■ sale ; cheap : y send - for i samples | and
;: prices. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montgomery.
NEW j Hammond. $35: ; Callgraph, $15; I Yost. ; $25
set sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery.
■•"/;-/: CITY REAL estate.;,-
S«SO— LOTS 23x114 or 30x114; sunny side 23th St.,
between Castro and Noe; will build to suit
purchaser. *■.-..•- : ■
$2500—- Part cash; a large 6-room 2-story house;
4036 25th st., near Noe. : one block from Castro-
st. carle or 24tb-st. electric line. F. NELSON.
709 Castro st. :r : -- ■".'■'■.-■ .'-■
A BARGAIN; cozy home in the University
'■ town of Palo Alto; 7 rooms and bath; barn;
■- lot 84x100. J. J. MORRIS. 630 Market St.. or
: Palo Alto. . •'-'.';
, COUNTRY . REAL ESTATE.
$2250— IMPROVED ranch near the city; bar-
gain. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market »■:
OAKLAND: ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND -; REAL ESTATE.
$600— COTTAGE and lot; bargain; Twenty-sec-
j ond st.. near San Pablo aye. Apply 306 Sixth.
HAVE purchaser for small house and lot; also
chicken ranch; cash. 814 Broadway.
J. CALLAGHAN. real »>.« tat* o-aler. notarr
pi:r.''<v i)ror-»rtv:lonk»Vl:nftPr. M».-Brfm«lw»».
OAKLAND HOUSES.
TO PHYSICIANS— For rent: residence in
Oakland, with offices and stable; occupied
. for ■ years by : regular - physician . with large
practice. Address box 191. Call office.
OAKLAND FURNITURE . FOR [ SALE.
FURNITURE— and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HA AS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1100— GOOD 5-room house: lot 25x90; Oak st.
$1500— 6-roon^ house; bath, basement, brick
foundation; lot -25x90.
7-room house; lot 45x150.
■'.; $3250— S-room house; San Jose aye.; lot 50x150.
$2100— New 6-room house; modern improve-
ments: lot 40x130.
$3500— Large water front lot, with bulkhead;
7-room cottage. ;
$1350—3 lots, 50x150, near Chestnut Station.
$Sso— 4 lots, Cedar St., 40x130. ".
'' — 6-room house, bath; lot 50x150; , well,
windmill, etc. fruit trees; Alameda aye.
— New modern cottage, 6 rooms; lot 50x
203. ■ -
For Rent — Elegant homes, furnished or un-
furnished.. '." -
E. D. JUDD & CO.,
1424 Park st.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE—
'40x125— New 7-room house; Shuman St., near
Clinton aye. ; $3300.
50x150— New 8-room house; San Antonio aye.; I
$3000. -' •
J7:2xllO— New 7-room house; Paru st. : $2750.
. „.. ,.!•<— New 5-room cottage; $1500.
'•- 50x150— San Antonio aye., near Chestnut St.;
$1230. — j
— New 8-room modern house; $2200. |
ALL FOR SALE ON EASY TERMS. |
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
• 1500 Park St., Alameda. }
Open Sundays and evenings.
~~ BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A PRETTY cottage of 6 rooms and bath ; hot
and cold water; all in excellent condition;,
chicken houses, etc.: only$1000; dirt cheap;
was ■■ taken on mortgage. Call ; and see our
building lots.
O. G. MAY & CO.,
2123 Center st.,
. -^ ■„_ Berkeley.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
WANTED— In exchange," lot in Oakland for lot
In Alameda. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park st.
l\ ATTORNEYS AT . LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
. no fee without sucess; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-iaw, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkln.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
L. S. CLARK— Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free; no fees in advance.
LEGAL NOTICES.
REFEREE'S sale in ! partition— ln the Superior
. : Court of the City ana County of San ■ Fran-
-' cisco, State of California, Department No. _,
THOMAS F. DUNN, ! Plaintiff, vs. LAW-
" RENCE DUNN et als.. Defendants. Cause
No. 62,117.
- ' Notice 1 is hereby given that under and In
' pursuance of the interlocutory decree in par-
tition and order of sale heretofore duly made
V< and given >In r the above-entitled court - and
cause, and thereafter, to wit, en the 6th day
■of April, 1898, duly entered of record therein.
by which said interlocutory decree of said
court, the undersigned, .G. H. Umbsen, was
appointed by consent In open court of. all the
parties to said action, as sole referee in said
cause, for the purpose of making sale of the
real property hereinafter described, and by
which said decree It was directed that said
■ real property be sold at public auction in the i
manner required by law, • the undersigned, as !
such referee, will, on Monday, ; the 12th day
of September, IS9B, at the hour of twelve (12)
o'clock m.. at the real. estate office and sales-
rooms of G. H. Umbsen & Co.. at No. 14
Montgomery street, in the City and County of
San Francisco, State of- California, Bell at
- public auction in separate parcels to the
highest bidder for cash in United States gold
1 coin, and subject to confirmation by said Su-
perior Court, those certain lots, pieces or par-
cels of real property situate, lying and being
• In said City and County of San Francisco,
-State of California, and bounded and de-
scribed as follows, to wit:
First— Commencing at a point on the north-
erly line of Minna street, three hundred and
ninety-six feet northeasterly, from the north-
easterly .'corner of Third and Minna ■ streets,
thence northeasterly, on the line of and front-
ing on Minna street twenty-fly- (25) feet,
thence at right j angles northwesterly eighty
(SO) feet, thence at right angles southwesterly
twenty-five (25) ■ feet, thence at right angles
southeasterly eighty (SO) • feet to Minna street
and the point of beginning, being a portion of
lot number ten of the One Hundred Vara Sur-
vey, as laid . down on. the official' map of ■ the
City and County of San Francisco, and being
a • subdivision of said one hundred vara lot. -
■ Second— Commencing at a point formed by
the intersection of the southerly line of Page
street with the westerly line of Octavla street,
. running thence southerly along said line of
Octavla street forty (40) feet, thence at right |
angles westerly eighty-seven and six-twelfths
• (87 6-12) feet, thence at right angles northerly
forty (40) feet, thence at right angles easterly
eighty-seven and six twelfths (87 6-12) feet to
the point of commencement, being : a part 'of
Western Addition block number two hundred
and twelve (212).
Third— Commencing at a point on the north-
westerly line of Minna street, distant thereon
two hundred and seventeen (217) : feet south-
westerly from the northwesterly corner of
Second and Minna streets (said point of com-
mencement being the northeasterly corner of
New Montgomery and Minna streets) running
thence northerly at right. angles with Minna
street and along the easterly line of New
Montgomery street eighty (80) feet, thence
at right angles easterly ■ and parallel with
Minna street fifty-nine and six-twelfths
(69 6-12) feet, thence at right angles southerly
and parallel with : New Montgomery - street
; eighty . (80) ■■ feet to the : northwesterly • line •of
Minna street, and thence at right ' angles
: westerly along the northwesterly line of
Minna street • fifty-nine and \. six-twelfths
(59 6-12) feet to the point ■of commencement,
being a subdivision of the one hundred vara
"lot number eight (S). "••' '
Fourth — Commencing at the northwest • cor-
"■ ncr of Sanchez and Duncan .streets, running
- thence westerly - along the northerly line of
Duncan street eighty (SO) feet, ■ thence north-
erly and parallel with Sanchea street one hun-
dred and fourteen feet (114) feet,. thence east-
"• erly parallel with Duncan ; street eighty (80)
-feet to. Sanchez street, thence southerly along
the westerly ' line of Sanchez street one hun-
dred and fourteen v (114) - feet to Duncan
•-■• street, • the ■ point ■of i commencement, together
with the Improvements s thereon. < "
■ Terms and conditions of sale: Ten (10) per
cent of the purchase price to be paid to. the
referee .on . each parcel ; sold at the ', time •of
sale. : Balance -of purchase | price I upon | con-
\ firmation ; of sale by said Superior Court and
delivery, of deed. - ' •.*
Dated this 19th day . of August. 1898.
.  . . ■-.: G. H. tMB3EN, ; -
Sole ' Referee Appointed by ; Said ■' Superior
°° Ur V , - DINKELSPETL & GEBFORD, :
Attorneys ' for Plaintiff, No. 805 Claus Spreck-
' els -Building. 'San (Francisco, v ■ • - -
MARRIAGE . LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have beenJssued as follows:
Daniel -W. Long and Julia Robinson. . . J . . . 30-25
Henry,- Hourcade ? and Pauline Labory . . . .28-28
Henry ■ Jeps-en and > Caroline .Jep5en."; ....... 83-31
John Creber and Laura Th0m50n . . . . . . . . ;. . 31-27
John Carnegie and ' Georgelna • Dorward — 31-23 !
Ausrust ' Lemcke : and Lulu Graham .. . . . ; ~. '.33-20 j
Alfred J. Tickner and Anna H. Vroderick..36-23
BIRTHS^AmAis^EiTHr
: Birth, marriage ; and > death - notices ■ sent by
maH * will ' » not ■be * inserted. • They •■ must -be
handed in ' at » either ?of ■ the ; publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of |
persons authorized to have the- same published, j
BORN.
GREEN- this city, August , 26, 1898, to ''the i
wl!> of. Oscar. Green, a daughter. V r-. .
MICHELSEN— In ' this city. August 18 ' 1898, to
the wife of E. W. Michelsen, a daughter.
MOSEBACH— In. this • city, August 21. » 1898, -to
• the wife of F. C. Mosebach Jr., a son.t"'--- ■ ;
;. - /-;.; ■ ■ -.■ /■-■ V '^.;^.' I DIED. :'.,-;."• ; :. ~ ~~
r Bauch. r Peter G., -: '■' . . Luhr, Ernest : j
' Carter, " Thomaa . ■ .' Ness, Tillle - . ;
Colier, Katie O'Honloo. Rev. C.
Conners. Patrick W. Pardini. Lulgi I
Coyne, Adelaide M. t Rudolphus, Mrs. M.
De Vries, Augusta Sawyer. William T.
Edwardsen. Mrs. .H. Sleb. Hermann C.
Fox. James H. Talbot, Katie
Hanson. Clarence S. Thomas. Cornelius
Henderson, Margaret Thompsen, Arthur
Heydenrich, Caroline Warnholz, : Margaret
Johnson. William Waterhouse. Oliver
Larsen. Elizabeth Wilson. John T.
Leacy, James
BAUCH — In ; this city, August 25. 1898, Peter
" - G., beloved ■ husband of Mary Bauch, *■■ and
father of Peter G. '■ Bauch Jr. and Mrs. Wil-
liam Kahn,- a native of Hamburg. Germany,
- aged 73 years 2 months and 18 days. h
CCTFriendF and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his daughter, 1632 Ellis street, thence to Ma-
sonic Temple, corner of Post' and Montgomery
streets, where the funeral services will be
held under the auspices of Hermann Lodge
No. 127. F. and A. M.. at 2 o'clock. Inter-
ment-Masonic Cemetery. "
CARTER— In this city. August 26. IS9S, Thomas
. Carter, . beloved brother of Martin Carter of
Newark, Alameda County, Cal., a native of
County Galway, Ireland,. aged 5S years and 9
months. '■ ■■- ■ ■■. " .
ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Dierks . & Maa.ss, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment private
- in Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flow-
ers. . -.-• - .
COLIER— In Napa, Cal., August 23, ISO*. Katie,
beloved wife of C. C Colier, and mother of
.Charles W.. Elizabeth B. and Elsie M. Colier,
a native of Germany, aged 40 years 10 months
and 17 days. (Buffalo and Batavla. N. V.,
■ papers please copy.) ' '
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. C. Bunker & Co., 2006 Mission street. Mis-
sion Masonic Temple. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery. -
CONNERS— this city, August 25, 1888, Pat-
rick W. Conners, a native of Creston, lowa,
aged 29 years. ,
ETFrlends and acquaintances are I respect-
fully Invited to attend the . funeral this day
• (Saturday), at 4:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor A Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to Oakland ferry- San Francisco
Lodge No. 25, Brotherhood of Boilermakers and
Iron ■ Shipbuilders, are requested to meet at
102 O'Farrell street at 3 o'clock to attend the
funeral of our late brother. . Patrick W. Con-
' ners. By order of the president.
A. CLELAND.
COYNE— In Capitola. Cal., August 24, 1593.
Adelaide M., beloved daughter of Dennis and
Marsarete Coyne, a native of San Francisco, !
aged 18 years 5 months and 13 days.
(CTNotice of. funeral hereafter.
DE VRIES— Oakland, August 26, - 1898, Au- ;
gusta, beloved wife of Henry de Vries, a na- -
. tive of Bremen, Germany, aged 48 years and
' 6 months. ,'
EDWARDSEN— In this city. August 26, 1898,
Mrs. Hanna S.; wife of the late -Alexander
Edwardsen. and ' beloved mother of Mollie
and Charlie Edwardsen, a native of Kongs-
berg. Norway, aged 41 years 6 month* and 15
days. - . •
FOX— In Oakland, August 26. 1898. James H..
beloved husband : of Mary Fox, and son .of
, Christopher and Mary Fox, a native of Dub-
lin, Ireland, aged 59 years. (New York and
. Dublin papers please copy.)
(C^Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. "764 . Twenty-second street. Interment
. ' St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
HANSON— In Oakland, August. 28. IS9B. Clar-
ence S. Hanson.' beloved father of Robert L.
and Walter C. Hanson and Mrs. F. Chapman,
: a native of Maine, aged 64 ears. -
HENDERSON— this city. . August 26, IS9B,
: Margaret Pendergrass, belosred wife of H. C.
. : Henderson, ■ and : mother of Fred L., Lucia,
. Alice, Charles P. and Molllc' Henderson, a na-
tive of County Limerick, Ireland, aged 68
years. •
HEYDENRICH— In . this city- August 25. IS9B,
Caroline, beloved wife of the late Frederick
<l Heydenrich Sr., and father of Tmil Heyden-
rich, Mrs. John Meyer «a*d the late Fred-
erick Heydenrich Jr., a'nsilve of Germany,
aged 59 years 9 months ami 27 days.
(CTFriend* and acquaints are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 37" Bruce place, off Folsom street, be-
' tween Seventh and Eighth.- Interment- Na-
tional Cemetery.
JOHNSON — In Union Park, near Colma, San
■ Mateo County, August 24, IMS, William, be-
loved husband of Mary Jane Tohnson, and
father of Charles H., John W. and Theo-
dore L. Johnson and lift. A. E. Livingston.
a native of Illinois, aged 62 yetrs 8 : months
and 18 days. _ - ' .• ,.-: ; •■ •
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Union Park. San Mateo County (no
carriages). Interment Cypress Lawn * Ceme-
■ tery.-.-- ■ ' ■ 'i >' '■■■'
LARSEN— In this city, August 24.-IS9S, Eliza-
beth, dearly beloved wife of E. A. Larsen,
daughter of Nicholas and the late . Kate
* Eberle, and sister of Mrs. M. McMahon. Mrs.
G.P. Morden, Mrs. Samuel Bartxum and John
and ' Phillip Eberle, a native of Germany,
aged 33 years. ' r ' "■ .
(CT'Funeral private. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. : . -"
LEACY— In this city, August 26. IS9B, Jame*
Leacy, a native of New, Zealand, aged 25
years.
LUHR— In Alameda, August 24, 1598, Ernest
Luhr. beloved father of E. W. . Luhr. -Mrs.
' C. Towler, Mrs. L. Brant and Mrs. B. Becker,
a native of . Germany, aged 74 years- and 9
months. -■■ . ■ . '■-.'. ■-''
Friend'! and- acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), from his late residence, 172«
. Buena Vista street, near Minton. thence -by
1 o'clock creek boat, . arriving at 1:40 o'clock
: at the foot of Market street. San Francisco.
i Interment : Masonic Cemetery. ' : ■
NESS— In Altruria, Sonoma County. August 24,
1898, i Tillte, beloved wife 'of . Arthur - Ness,
mother of Lillian Ness, beloved daughter of
Emll and Marie Krenz. and sister of Her-
mann, Emil, '.- Rudolph and the late Arthur
Krenz, • a native of Pan Francisco, . aged 24
• years 1 month and 5 days. .-,
tC7 Friends aDd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
• dence of her parents, : 1235 . York street, be-
tween Twenty-fourth and | Twenty-fifth. , In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
O'HANLON— In San Diego, Cal., August 24,
: iS9S, Rev. Cornelias O'Hanlon, a native of
Ireland, aged 67 years. , . ■
(C7 1 Notice of funeral hereafter. - . . ■ • .
PARDINI— In this city. August 25, 1898, Lulgl
Pardini, beloved brother of Francesco and
Masslmino Pardinl, a native of Sant' Angelo
in Campo. Lucca. Italy, aged 44 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
i (Sunday), at - 1 o'clock, from the Garibaldi
Hall, 423 Broadway, where funeral services
will be held under the auspices of the Galileo
Galilei * Grove No. 37. U. A. O. D. N. B.— .
On Sunday,' Aug. 28, there will be celebrated a
solemn requiem mass in Sts. Peter and Paul's
' -' Church, corner of Filbert and Dupont streets,
for the repose of ' his soul, commencing •at
10-30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. Remains at the parlors of laccheri &
Bacigalupi, 629 Broadway. ,'
RUDOLPHUS— In this city. August 26, IS9B.
Mrs. Mary, wife of Albert Rudolphus, a na-
tive of Boston, Mass., aged 36 years.
SAWYER— In this ; city. August 26. IS9B, Wil-
liam T., beloved husband of Letitla Sawyer,
and eldest son of Judge and Mrs. E. D. Saw-
yer aged 39 years and 9 months. A member
■of the firm of L. D. Stone & Co.
. ; ICT lnterment private. ■ :J '
SIEB— In this city, August 25, 1098, Hermann
C. Sleb, a native of Germany. 1 aged 54 years.
Friends and acquaintances , are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, under the auspices of
Fidelity Lodge - No. 222, I. *O. O. - F.. • from
Memorial Hall. Odd Fellows' building, corner
Seventh and Market streets. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery- Remains at the parlors of
H C. Bunker & Co.. 2666 Mission street. Mis-
i sion Masonic Temple. ■
TALBOT— In this city, August 25, 1898. Katie,
dearly beloved daughter of the late Alex-
ander and Bridget Talbot. and sister of :
Alexander and Henry Talbot, Mrs. : Annie
O'Brien and Fannie, Nellie and the late
•Thomas ! Talbot, a native of San Francisco,
aged 26 years. ' - v
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, Invited to attend the funeral . this ; day
(Saturday), at 8:30 , o'clock, . from the ■ resi- '
: dence of : her - sister. 1123 v Harrison street,
thence .' to St. Joseph's Church, - where a sol-
emn requiem maws will be celebrated for the
■repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Mount ; Calvary Cemetery. "
THOMAS— In Oakland. August 25. • 1893, . at 1064
•Campbell" street, Cornelius C, husband :of
NanU C. Thomas, a native of ■ Pennsylvania,
aged 37 years 8 months and 9 days. . - .■ .':-."'■■■■ .
; * ICTFrlends and acquaintances , are ' respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . to-morrow
-■(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Fraternity, Hall,
corner Seventh - alld Peralta ; streets. West
Oakland. Members of Western - Shore Lode*
No. 71, B. of *R. > T., ' and ; Harbor ; Lodge . Nix
253 I.' O. O. F., of which he was a member, I
are requested to attend.' Interment Mountain
-...'- View Cemetery- , : ; ' ." V . -.
THOMPSEN— this -.. city, August - . 24. 1898, :
- Arthur, beloved son of George ■■ and the ; late
- Petra Jensina Thompsen, and r brother :of
George Thompsen, a native of San Francisco,
aged 5 years. . f'tSVVBBSSPVBMpMVEVQPV
■ -Zy The -■ funeral : services . will t- be ;- held
- I to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the
-parlors of H. P. Petersen & Co.. 228 MeAl- v
■•'• lister street. Interment ■_ Cypress Lawn Ceme-
.. .;; tery. :\JV : :'./':. ■ '■'■ "■'. : '. ■'..: " '^W&BUSSB&^t
WARNHOLZ-^ln ' East Berkeley. August - 25,
1898," Margaret, beloved wife of Henry
Warnholz, . mother, •of *; Marie, George •,-: and ■
' Henry Warnholz, and sister of Henry Cordea,
' - Mrs. . C. Melnert, ~ Mrs. G. ■* Carr. Mrs. , C. .
Trost and : Paul and John Cordes, a native ; of :
Cam*. Hanover, Germany, aged 38 years and h
9 months.' _, ; '. : ; - '■ : - ;
:•■:-■ tCT Friends ■ and acquaintances . are respect-
fully Invited' to attend the funeral to-morrow
■ (Sunday). Jat ■ 2 ' o'clock.- from * her ■ late " rest- :
dence. 221« Blake street,* 1 East Berkeley. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery. •
WATERHOUSE— In this city, August 26. IS9B.
' Oliver ■' A ;;-..Wateiliouße, : : a•■ native ■ of >. Maine, '.
s- aged 63 years. :; -'^PQSRS)HBB9fIwBHOBBMf
WILSON— ■ this ! city, rf August - 25, * 1898,', John ■
•■ Thomas ; WUson, • a native of ■ Ireland, aged 38
: 'years. ••- '*:'r. '.-*..' -..: -, .'.' ; "- ".'■.'-'...■, ■•%■-■• ':■■'' '.:?;. /
I-:- \ McAVOY & GALLAGHER. T"
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS ?
•. '20 FIFTH ST., opp. Lincoln School. ; - I
1314
HANDWRITING EXPERTS MAY DECIDE
THE FATE OF MRS. CORDELIA BOTKIN
The Accused Woman's Letters
to Be Compared With the
Anonymous Ones.
Police Arranging Their Evidence in Prepara
tion for the Fight for Extra
dition.
Iff rs. Cordelia Botkln's fate Trill be
decided by experts in handwriting.
J. P. Dunning is credited with say
ing that she wrote the anonymous
letters which were sent to his wife
before she was murdered, and sev
eral persons have expressed an opin
ion that the authorship of the note
which accompanied the poisoned bon
bons was also written by the same
hand. The police axe still in the dark
as to the character and amount of ev
idence the Delaware officer is bring
ing to secure the extradition of the
accused woman. Her attorneys will
not permit her removal from the
State unless the requisition is per
fect.
State Detective McVey of Dela
ware is expected hero Sunday or
Monday.
Unknown persons are said to be
tampering with Clerk Oattrell of
Stockton.
Experts on handwriting will be the
principal witnesses in the trial of Mrs.
W. A. Botkin. if she is ever brought
before Judge and jury to answer to the
charge of poisoning Mrs. J. P. Dunning
and Mrs. J. D. Deane.
Chief Lees will not declare what evi
dence he has succeeded in gathering
preparatory to the arrival of State De
tective McVey of Delaware, but it is
known that samples of the handwrit
ing of the accused woman are diligent
ly and eagerly sought for by the po
lice. Several letters written by her
to Dunning and to other parties have
already been obtained. As soon as
McVey reaches this city comparisons
•will be ir.ade with the anonymous let
ters sent from San Fraoicisco to Mrs.
Dunning. The address on the fatal
• package of bonbons and the note In
closed within it will also be submitted
to microscopic and other tests to dis
cover, if possible, if they were written
by the woman now under arrest for the
awful crime.
The result of many famous criminal
end and civil cases have hinged com
pletely on the testimony of scientific
experts in chirography and the im
: pending trial of Mrs. Botkin will add
.-.another to the long list.
:•" It has repeatedly been demonstrated
that handwriting is distinctively indi
vidual and that only an expert forger
can completely disguise idiosyncrasies
' -which characterize a person's script.
: Temperament and character are por
: trayed in letters and signatures to a
far greater degree than most poople
■' appreciate, and the police are, there
fore, especially anxious about the opin
ion which will be r^ven by the experts
' after they have examined the writings
In the Dunning case.
' Several persons familiar with Mrs.
Botkin's writing have declared that
there is a startling similarity In the
. strokes, shadlnrs, curves and letters
and other characteristics and the pub
lished fac similes of the anonymous
letters and the note sent in the candy
.box. Mrs. .Louise Seeley, one of the
'.alleged poisoner's former friends, has
•. noticed the similitude in the writings
and Chief Lees has also formed an
opinion in the matter. These opinions,
however, are of no value as evidence
and not until scientific tests have been
. completed will their soundness be de
monstrated.
J. P. Dunning, the husband of one of
the victims, is reported as having de
clared that the anonymous letters re
ceived by his wife were written by
Mrs. Botkin. Dunning ought to be
able to recognize her chirogTaphy, as
he has received numerous epistles from
her since he left San Francisco.
Samples of the writing In the case,
it is said, have been tested by noted
Eastern experts and they have de
clared they were all written by the
same hand. Dunning will be one of
the chief witnesses in the case and will
identify Mrs. Botkin'3 writing, assum
ing, of course, that she will go to Del
aware and be placed on trial.
Chief Lees, assisted by Detectives
Gibson and Wrenn, is arranging all the
. evidence they have secured, which is to
be turned over to Detective McVey
when he arrives. The Delaware officer
le expected Sunday or Monday even-
Ing.
.. Chief Lees is a bit apprehensive re
garding the extradition proceedings,
. as there are so many technicalities in
.. the laws which the defendant's re
sourceful attorneys can raise to pre
vent her removal from the State. Anti
c'pating a bitter technical fight on be
half of Mrs. Botktn, the Chief yester
day sent tiie following telegram to
Attorney-General R. C. White of Dela
ware, in reply to a message asking
what affidavits would be required to
secure the extradition of the woman
now under arrest:
.Separate affidavits from all parties
knowing any facts tending to show who
committed Time, to wit: From postof
fiee authorities of date of receipt of box,
to whom delivered, by whom delivered to
fne victims, who partook of candy, date
of deaths, with cause; names of victims,
attending physicians on deceased; that
candy contained poison; affidavits frojn
Chemists analyzing candy, date of analy-
Bia, with result: parties present at eating
of candy. All these, with such other affi
davits obtainable concerning proof of
?ullt as would be sufficient to hold the de
endant to answer before magistrate for
final trial; and must be attached to and
made part of the requisition papers
properly exemplified by magistrate and
County Clerk and authenticated accord.
lng to law.
Our District Attorney, with above
facts, will undoubtedly be ablo to hold
jand extradite. If requisition mailed does
not contain sufficient facts as above, pre
pare others and forward as soon as pos
sible. Direct to me. She will resint requi
sition, and has two able attorneys. True
name on arrest of defendant given to me
as Cordelia Botkin. Have requisition pa
pers strictly legal, as they will be strictly
construed."
Acting District Attorney Hosmer and
Assistant District Attorney Joseph J.
Dunne are the Chief's legal advisers
In this case and they will conduct the
case for the Delaware authorities when
the Governor Is asked to grant the re
quisition. These attorneys are care
fully examining the law and are forti
fying themselves for a hard fight.
Whether or not Governor Budd will
.grant the requisition is wholly prob
lematical, as it is not known what evi
d'-nce the Eastern detectives have ob
tained.
Chief L<?es intimates that he has ac
cumulated some strong circumstantial
evidence which connects Mrs. Botkin
with the double crime, but he refuses
to divulge it. Nothing further can be
done, the Chief says, until DetectlA'e
McVey arrives with the candy box, let-
ters, etc.
Proprietor Kuhn of the Wave candy
store, at Stockton, his randy maker, Le
Grand, and his two clerks, Gattrell and
Miller, will come to the city early next
week and endeavor to Identify the re
maining candy and the box. Gat
trell and Miller will be given an op
portunity to identity Mrs. Botkin as
the woman who bought a box of candy
at the store three weeks ago, and put
some bonbons she had with her in the
box before it was wrapped up. Kuhn
bought his candy boxes in San Fran
cisco and the manufacturer says they
can identify all the goods they make.
Should these persons positively con
nect Mrs. Botkin with the incident re
ferred to and, then, if the candy maker
and box manufacturers recognize, their
Relatives and Friends Who Believe in Mrs. Botkin's Innocence.
products, the chain of evidence to con
vict the accused woman will be nearly
completed.
The postal authorities are earnestly
at work endeavoring to trace the box
of candy from this city. Inspectors
Munroe and Irwin say they have not
been able to ascertain where the mur
derous package was posted, but they
hope to do so. It was first assumed
by Chief Lees that the sender sent
the box as first class matter, but this
was an error. Th« box contained a
pound of candy, and wrapped up
weighed about eighteen ounces. There
were four 5 cent stamps and one 2 cent
9tamp on the package. The rate of
postage on first class matter is 2 cents
an ounce and a fraction thereof, and
on fourth class is 1 cent an ounce. The
assassin made sure that there would
be no delay in the delivery of the mes
senger of death by putting 22 cents'
worth of stamps on it and sending it
as merchandise.
Chief Lees received a telegram from
Attorney Qeneral White yesterday
which said the Secretary of State had
prepared a requisition for Mrs. Botkin,
and It had been forwarded to Detective
McVey in care of Chief Lees.
After refusing to give out what evi
dence he has secured against Mrs. Bot
kin, Chief Lees said last night: 'I
have gathered only such evidence as is
material and have not been engaged
in chasing side issues. I have been
very particular in fixing dates In this
case, and Mrs. Botkin's statement is
conclusive and emphatic regarding her
visit to Stockton on July 27 "to 30. About
this time the Incident occurred, as re
lated by Gattrell and Miller, the em
ployes of the Wave candy store. If
they connect the suspected woman
with that occurrence a strong link is
forged. Mind, I do not express the
opinion that this woman is guilty of
the crime charged. I am following
every clew that turns up, and when
McVey tells me what he has in the
shape of evidence I will perhaps be
able to form an opinion on the guilt
or innocence of the prisoner. Any mys
terious case can be solved in a hun
dred, different ways, theoretically, but
to convict a person of crime facts mus.t
be obtained and verified by competent
witnesses."
Mrs. John Martin, whose name Is fa
miliar to newspapers readers, appeared
at the Chief's office yesterday. She
has a theory on the Dunning case
which she wished to deliver to the
Chief personally, but Lees was "too
busy" to receive it. He offered the
newspaper men present as a substi
tute. Mrs. Martin's theory Is that
Dunning was in love with Mrs. Botkin
and wished to marry her. With the
THE SAIST FBAIN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 27, 1898.
assistance of an accomplice in San
Francisco, he murdered his wife by
sending the poisoned candy to her.
She maintains the police are on the
wrong scent and said Dunning should
be arrested.
Mrs. Rose French also called to see
the Chief regarding the all-absorbing
murder case. She had her reticule and
pencil, but if she had a theory she kept
It to herself.
TAMPERING WITH
CLERK GATTRELL
Unknown Parties Test His
Memory With a Candy
Box.
STOCKTON, Aug. 26.— Unknown
parties, who did not disclose their mo
tive, made an attempt to test young
Gattrell's memory to-day. The indi
viduals who accosted the candy-store
clerk are presumed to be friendly to
Mrs. Botkin, the alleged poisoner. The
parties referred to went Into the Wave
store and exhibited a box to Gattrell
and told him It was the identical stock
used by the Wave at the time the sale
was made to the strange woman three
weeks ago, and that it had been pur
chased at the store. Both Gattrell and
Proprietor Kuhn quicklyand positively
denied the truth of the assertion and
pointed out discrepancies.
Proprietor Kuhn of the Wave says
he is certain of three things. The first
is that we will know our own candy,
another that It will be easy to recog
nize the box, and third, that neither
my clerks nor myself recall another
occasion when a woman brought candy
to the store and asked us to mix it in
with our 'own stock. We can identify
our candy by size; color and shape, and
also by reason of the fact that in my
string of molds for chocolate creams
there is one which is lopsided. The
ordinary customer would not notice
this, but I would to a certainty.
I think all these pictures published
in the San Francisco papers of the box
of candy, indicate that it was not fin
ally packed by a confectioner. No
candy man would throw goods into a
box In that shape. If the diagram is
correct the candy was handled by an
amateur.
The police have failed to find any re
corded sale of arsenic to Mrs. BotkiVi.
The sales of the poi3on at the drug
stores for the last thirty days have all
been to persons well known to the
druggists, and the customary registra
tion In the poison book was required.
T. F. Emerson, who has apartments
at 421 East Fremont street, the house
'owned by Mrs. Rauof, and to which
she brought Mrs. Botkin, acknowl
edged to-day that the landlady re
moved Mrs. Botkin from the place be
cause tenants were objecting to some
thing and had threatened to move.
Mrs. Rauof quitted her own home when
she could no longer keep Mrs. Botkin
there. An officer, whose name is with
held and who has been working on the
case, has expressed a positive opinion
that the "nurse" could tell considera
ble of Mrs. Botkin's characteristics if
she were so minded. Mrs. Rauof is
credited with having a very close
tongue and being far above the aver
age woman in managing her worldly
affairs.
Mr. Botkin and his son, Beverl-, were
at their grain office to-day doing busi
ness as usual. Botkin senior assumes
a nonchalant air. but it Is plain that
inwardly he is much perturbed over the
developments of last week. He reaf
firms his belief In his wife's innocence,
but wIH discuss the case only in a gen
eral way with his moat Intimate
friends. Beverly Botkin Is absolutely
unapproachable.
Wijllam R. Thomas, a veteran con
fectioner of this city, to-day exhibited
to a Call correspondent a box bearing
some resemblance to and manufactured
by the same firm as the one Frank
Gattrell sold to the strange woman.
Mr. Thomas says it Is no wild state
m?nt that a candy maker will recog
nize his own stock and be believes that
the Wave people are entirely compe
tent to pass an opinion as to whether
or not the box now en route from Del
aware was from their store or not.
"This bonbon box is a kind we
keep in stock in case we run out of
those made especially for us and bear
ing our label," he said. "The bottom
of the box proper has no projecting
edge, when the lid is put on. The box
part Is telescoped by the lid. The
glazed or polished surface is on the
cover only. The flush at the bottom
is Jnet sufficient to present an even
surface when the lid is put on. Some
of these features will probably re
found In the box used by the Wave, as
it is very distinct from the special
boxes."
Dr. Stone in further comments On the
condition of Mrs. Botkin while here
said: "Her nerves were shattered, and
she jumped at the least sound. Once I
was talking with her nurse. Mrs.
Rauof, and she came to the door and
peered around the partition that sepa
rated the two rooms."
This latter statement is regarded as
particularly significant; showing that
Mrs. Botkin was suspicious, and did not
like to see an exchange of confidences
between two persons who knew her so
well.
Frank Cattrell asserts that vouner
Miller's statement concerning the cir
cumstances attending the sale of candy
to the strange woman is substantially
correct. The officers have found no
material discrepancies in the stories of
the boys.
Chief Gall is watching every feature
of the case carefully and 1p inclined to
believe that the evidence which his of
fice has secured is sound and will be
corroborated by subsequent investiga
tions. Little can be done, he states, un
til the Delaware officer arrives. He
will have the witnesses here ready to
respond to any request of Chief Lees to
come to San Francisco.
WILL MAKE A
HARD FIGHT
Mrs. Botkln's Attorneys Will
Strongly Contest the
Prosecution.
The attorneys for Mrs. Botkln ara
anxiously awaiting the arrival of the
extradition papers from Delaware. If
an opportunity is afforded them they
will make a fight to prevent Mrs. Bot
kin being taken out of the State.
"It is just this way." said Attorney
George A Knight. "If the extradition
papers are regular In form we will not
make any contest. If there is any
thing irregular in their form we will
resort to the courts to secure *+>• re
lease of our client. We would be lack
ing in our duty if we allowed any of
ficer to take Mrs. Botkin outside the
Jurisdiction of our courts without hav
ing extradition papers properly pre
pared and signed."
"It is reported," suggested a Call re
porter, "that Mrs. Botkin is preparing
a statement over her own signature to
be given to the press."
"Thero is nothing in the story," re
plied Knight. "Mrs. Botkin is inno
cent, and at the proper time that will
be made apparent. She is not going
to make any statement, either oral or
written. She is acting under the ad
vice of her counsel and will be guided
by that advice. The only statement
she could make would be contained in
the few words, 'I am innovent of the
charge.' When the time comes it will
be shown that such a statement is
true."
Attorney Frank McGowan. who is
associated with Knight in the defense,
says that there is absolutely nothing
new in the case. "N. C. McClure, a
brother-in-law of Mrs. Botkin, arrived
here to-day with his wife," said Mc-
Gowan, "but they know nothing about
the case. All they can say i 3 that
they are greatly surprised that sucn a.
charge should have been made against
Mrs. Botkin. They are firm in their
belief that she is innocent and that
subsequent Investigations will prove
that they are right."
William Robarts, another brother-in
law of the accused, was expected here
yesterday morning, but he did not ar
rive. It is thought that he will reach
the city to-day or Monday at the
latest.
BELIEVES SHE
IS INNOCENT
Pastor Coombe Visits the Ac
cused Woman in Her
Cell:
Pastor Coombe of the Richmond Dis
trict Congregational Church visited Mrs.
Botkin in the City Prison yesterday. Mr.
Coombe was accompanied by his wife ana
remained with the prisoner for more than
one hour.
The friendship existing between the ac
cused woman and the minister dates back
to old Ferndale days. Pastor Coombe
presided over the Ferndale Congregational
Church, where Mrs. Botkin and her sis
ters worshiped. It was In memory of
these other days that Mr. and Mrs.
Coombe paid their respects %esterday to
the woman who has been accused of the
horrible crime.
With diffidence and an evident reluct
ance, Mr. Coombe spoke of his visit to the
prisoner. "It is not right that I should
speak of what passed between us, he de
clared, "not that anything was said that
might not, with perfect Impunity, be made
gublic. The pastor admitted that Mrs.
otkln, of her own free will, broached the
horrible crime of which she stands ac
cused, but further than that Mr. Coombe
had nothing to say.
The minister is confident that Mrs. Bot
kin is innocent and is also convinced that
she will have no difficulty in establishing
her innocence.
"She comes from a fine old family,
said Mr. Coombe. "and I feel positive that
no one who comes from such good stock
could be guilty of so heinous a crime.'
Mr. Coombe is also convinced t'.iat the
published accounts of the orgies that
made midnight hideous at the Geary
street lodging house are gross exaggera
tions If not pure fabrications. "It would
take some pretty direct testimony to
make m<» believe those tales," he said.
The mannerisms of Mrs. Botkin that
have been df-scanted upon, her grand elo
quent phrases, her dramatic gestures and
theatrical manners are explained by the
minister to be the natural r -suit of asso
ciation with English people. "Mrs. Bot
kin associated with English residents at
Ferndnlt. and her way? are the ways of
the English. Her English mannerisms are
the characteristic mannerisms of all her
family."
Mr. Coombe has been in this city for
five years and in that time has seen Mrs.
Botkin but twice. Once he called on her—
cm his arrival in town in '95 — and once
again he had a passing glimpse of the
laoy as he rode by her on the cable car.
MRS. BOTKIN'S
SISTERS HERE
They Did Not Call Upon
Their Unfortunate
Relative.
Two of Mrs. Botkln's sisters arrived in
San Francisco yesterday morning, and
neither of them visited the City Prison
to see the unfortunate woman. The ob
ject may have been to avoid newspaper
reporters and the publicity such a visit
would be sure to bring about. Mrs. Rob
arts, a sister from Ferndale, Humboldt
County, accompanied by her husband,
arrived at 12 o'clock yesterday morning
on the steamer Point Arena. They en
gaged apartments uptown and during the
oay had several consultations with
friends of the family.
Mrs. McClure, an elder sister, came
down from Healdsburg at 10:30 o'clock
with her husband, Professor McClure of
the Healdsburg College. After leaving
the steamer they walked about the ferry
building for a few moments and then
got on a Market street car and alighted
near the new City Hall. Mrs. McClure
Is about 50 years of age, has a sad but
rather prepossessing expression, and her
face bore evidence of great sorrow. She
wore a dark veil, and seemed too pre
occupied to take much note of passing
events.
Professor McClure, who is a typi
cal specimen of Scotch gentleman,
active and alert, assisted his wife up the
stairs at 1436 Market street, to room
7, where a number of friends
were waiting to receive them. An hour
was spent in talking oy.er the situation
and then they engaged apartments in
another part of the city.
"I can add nothing to the reports al
ready published in the newspapers," Mrs.
McClure said, "and until I shall have had
time to talk over the situation with other
members of the family and attorneys I
can make no statements. Yes, we pro
pose to render Mrs. Botkln all the as
sistance possible to establish her Inno
cence."
Mrs. McClure was too much distressed
and agitated over the unfortunate pre
dicament of her sister to be Interviewed.
She was laboring under a great mental
strain as though the blow had crushed
her spirit entirely. Her every expression
and action Indicated only too plainly
that she fully appreciated the disgrace
brought upon the family by the serious
accusation hanging over her sister. As
soon as she has recovered sufficient
strength and Is a little more composed
she and Mrs. Robarts will probably ask
Chief of Police Lees for permission to
visit Mrs. Botkin. It is needless to say,
of course, that they have full faith in
the. Innocence of Mrs. Botkln, and con
sider that she Is the victim of a terrible
plot.
SHE SENT FOR
HIS TRUNK
Mrs. Botkin Had Dunnlng's
Effects Taken to Her
Room.
Almost every day additional Informa
tion comes to light showing the Intimate
relationship existing between Dunning
and Mrs. Botkin. Several weeks af
ter Dunning's departure for the East ana
Cuba his bicycle, trunk and two grips, at
the instance of Mrs. Botkin, were remov
ed from a California street house to her
apartments in the Victoria.
After 1. aving 927 Geary street Mrs. Bot
kin removed to 1350 California street,
where she stopped a few weeks,
then engaged rooms at the Victoria, bhe
lived also at 1522 California street for
several years. *
POLICE CANNOT
OPEN LETTERS
Mrs. Botkin's Mail Must Be
Given Into Her Own
Hands.
The polJce are anxiously awaiting the
arrival of a letter from Delaware ad
dressed to Mrs. Botkin. Some days ago
Chief of Police I^ees received a dispatch
from the authorities of that State asking
him to intercept and hold the letter, pend
ing the arrival of the officer with the re
quisition. An intimation has gone out
that the missive is from Dunning, and
was written a few days after the death
of his wife and her sister. The Chief will
be informed when the letter arrive-*, cut
he cannot open it, and Mrs. Botkin v. In
have the pleasure of being the first to
break the envelope and read the contents.
An officer will be on hand, however, tc
prevent her attempting to destroy it. and
then, in conformity with the rule that
prisoners must surrender all propertj ,
Sirs. Botkin will be required to deliver
the letter to the police.
The Dover officers expect the letter to
shed important light upon the murder
mystery. They have repeatedly urged
Chief of Police Lees by telegraph to be
sure and get possession of the message.
The barrier that confronts the success
of the plan is the United Startes postal
law. The regulations are very stringent
in a matter of this character Chief Pos
tal Inspector Munro' and his assistant,
Mr. Irwin, spent a couple of hours yes
terday in consultation with Chief Lees
and carefully examined the law and de
cisions, and It was decided that the letter
should be delivered to Mrs. Botkin, and
then the United States, as a carrier,
would lose ail jurisdiction In the prem
ises.
PRISON TERRORS
HAVE VANISHED
Mrs. Botkin Dons a New
Dress and Appears
Cheerful.
The terrors of prison life are commenc
ing to dissolve slowly and Mrs. Botkin
Is becoming more cheerful in spirit and
to some extent resigned to the
situation. She is enjoying her
meals with more reilsh and is
taking a deeper interest in the news of
the day aside from her own case. Shs
spends the best portion of the day read
ing the newspapers, and is ever ready to
engage in light conversation with the at
tendants.
Yesterday she was attired in a new
dark dress, and after partaking of a
light breakfast and finishing with Uie
morning papers she sent for Senator Mc-
Gowarr, one of her attorneys..
The lawyer arrived about 2 o"clock and
spent more than an hour in the mat
ron's reception room in close consultation
with the woman. On the table was a
large bouquet of fragrant flowers which
greatly relieved the barrenness ot the
apartments.
Dunning Is in Chicago.
CHICAGO, Aug. 26.— John P. Dunning,
husband of one of the two women poi
soned at Dover, arrived in Chicago this
morning. He came at the request of
Melville E. Stone, general manager of the
Associated Press, and the two had an
extended conference.
"The talk was about a personal mat
ter," Mr. Stone said to-day. That Is all
he would say about it. Mr. Dunning was
quite as reticent on the subject. Con
cerning the report from San Francisco
that the authorities there were prepared
to Intercept a letter "from Dunning to
Mrs. Botkin, Dunnlnff said: "All I can
say about that is that I have had no
communication whatever with Mrs. Bot
kin since I came back from Porto
Rico."
Regarding his plans for the future
Dunning would say nothing.
Could Identify the Wrapper.
STOCKTON, Aug. 26.— Proprietor Kuhn
of the *. 'aye candy store says it would
be an easy matter to identify the paper
in which the box of candy was wrapped,
for the reason that it was not the paper
that he usually uses in his business. It
was some blue paper of a different quality
entirely, which he secured at Paterson's
pharmacy, a drug store across the street
from the candy store, as he had run out
of the rtock such as he generally used—
pink, white and blue book paper. The
drugstore paper is smooth, blue wrapping
paper, somewhat mottled in appearance
and very tough.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKT Is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use becaue it is pure.
DR. COOL PROMOTED.
Elected President of the Pacific Coast
Dental Congress.
Dr. Russell H. Cool of San Francisco
was yesterday elected at Portland, Ore
gon, president of the Pacific Coast Dental
Congress. The election, apart from the
recognition bestowed by his fellow men
of the profession, confers upon Dr. Cool
the honor of presiding at the session of
the Congress next year to be held in this;
city.
Marchand's New Restaurant.
About three months ago, at a dinner
given by the proprietor to a number
of hia patrons and friends, the curtain
was rung down on the famous old
Marchand restaurant, 117 Grant ave
nue, which had for twenty-one years
past catered to the creature comfort of
many thousands.
The handsome new five-story struc
ture at thp northeast corner of Geary
and Stockton streets is the new home
of Marchand's. which will be opened
to-night at 6 o'clock. There is a pub
lic dining-room, a banquet hall, priv
ate dining-rooms and bachelors' apart
ments. The furnishings are rich and
elegant. The catering will, as of
yore, be In Marchand's own inimitable
style. The legion of old patrons and
the public generally are invited to call
and inspect the new establishment.
Will Support Gattrell's Story.
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— Raymond Miller,
one of the clerks of the Wave candy
store, Stockton, whose story regarding
the mysterious woman's purchase cf
chocolates about three weeks ago was
published in this morning's Call, said to
day:
"Thus far no one has asked me to go
to San Francisco and take a look at Airs.
Botkin, to see whether or not I could
identify her as the woman who purchased
the chocolates and wanted some other
candies, which she had in a small bag,
packed in one of the Wave's boxes. Of
course, as I have stated before, I never
paid much attention to the customer at
the time and really I feel almost confident
that I would not be able to identify her.
However, I might corroborate various
points brought out by Mr. Gattrell."
Young Miller has been visiting friends
at 669 East Twenty-fourth street the past
week, but expects to leave to-morrow or
Sunday for his home at Stockton.
■ Steamship Australia, recently in ''the
service ?of the Government :as , a ' troop
ship, has r ; been \ returned to : the Oceanic
line : and . will < resume her Honolulu ■ run on
or about -: September lr- Fare " $75. c; Round
trip $.125. *u Ticket office, 114. Montgomery
Bgreet. -■„ :  •■ ;-.••, ' ■*'-;';.;"?.-'■
, ADVEBTISBMENTa
g 88 82 22 SS 82 25 22 88253222222 22 82 ;
1 Unprecedented jj
i Bargains! !
ss. ° -._.:: «
*■ ■ ■ ■■- —■■ ' - \
88 Although our Clearance Sale jjj
| has made every day a Bar- a
88 gain Day, our to-day's Specials ♦;
» are unmistakably the ; j.
I Greatest Values!
I of the Week! :
S" LADIES' CAPES, «
88 v. • -~ — . i?
o. A.t $5.50. SS
0 , LADIES' BLACK SILK CAPES, lined $;
•5 with silk, yokes ■ trimmed with lace, r
o» necks finished with silk and lace, *8
•" ' worth $5. will be placed on sale at cm
88 & 50 each. «* *>
f AtS3.SO. f m
•» LADIES' PLUSH CAPES handsomely S3
2* braided, storm collars edged with £•'
c Thibet fur. worth $5. will be
•3 ■'.'.- . placed on sale at $3 50 each. 88
» LADIES' WAISTS. -«
88 55 1
S3 " . .A-t 35 Cents. .o»
C- LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT
•5 WAISTS in fancy checks and stripes, 85
O*f:;"-r former price 75c, will be offered at o«
" 35c. . . ♦"•,
£8 r~i4 '-, — ■ 88
2*', ■:':'■. AX. 5O Cents. >•
ol LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT *°
•3 WAISTS in fancy plaids and figures, 88
g» former price $1, will be offered at 50c. o*
88 \A.t 75 Cents. 8?
2« LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIET
Zl .WAISTS made of percales and glng- * 3
to hams, in bias plaids and checks, for- 88
g mer price $1 50, will be offered at 75c. - #
28 . At SI.OO. st
3# ' LADIBS' LAUNDERED SHIRT Tl
_ WAISTS in fancy percales and or- *3
SS gandies. former price $1 75. will be 9*
}m offered at $1. *°
»■•■ ,-> ■ ■ - . .SS
2" Ladies' Kid Gloves «;
*° 88
& A.t BOc a. Fair. . SS
lS 20 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP FRENCH cm
LAMB GLOVES, colors brown, tan, «
Jo oxblood, green, mode and navy, also £3
-« black (extra value), will be on special c#
*° sale at 90c a "air. (Every pair ™uar- »>
[• anteed and fitted). g£
I Men's Furnishings §.
r At:4O-.Oent9. 8
8 - 65 dozen MEN'S TENNIS FLANNEL- SS
NIGHT SHIRTS, mads ' extra large, -em
*3 with felled seams, deep yokes and of :5r .
•• • good heavy material good value for *o '
•° 65c, will be on special sale at 40c o*
8 each. | .
& . JiLt 65 ; Cents. 25
3 The balance of our -.summer stock of o _
m JAPANESE CREPE GOLF SHIRTS, »5
0 with one pair of reversible link cuffs '9
Sand club tie to each; sizes 15, 15%, " J
3 16. 16H. regularly sold at $1 and $1 25, SS
* will be on special sale at 65c each. am
z RIBBONS. |
1 At 15 Cents. J 5
5 100 pieces of FANCY RIBBONS 88
8 - in stripes and checks, 3 and 4 inches o»
_ wide," all silk, value 30c and : 40c a
3 yard, . will be closed out at 15c. 88
s :~ — — 88
; {/[/ Murphy Building. M 85
I MarM and Jones K.jj
;II Zl 11 11 ti U!SSiSSSSSSSS2 83 S3 SS S2
STATEMENT
#
— OIT THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— of the; —
CONNECTICUTFIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
Of Hartford, In the State of
Connecticut,
ON THE 31ST DAT OF DECEMBER. A. D.
1897, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of th»
State lof California, pursuant to the provisions
of i Sections ■ 610 , and ■ 611 of - the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. .■-*..'"•
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up in
cash .....:.......... 000.000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company .* $209,325 00
Loans on bends and mortgages ■ 1,0*0,659 00
Cash market value of air stocks and
Donds owned : by company 1,965,75< 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
Oi" bonds, stocks and other market-
i able securities a* collateral 1.000 00
Cash in company's office 645 04
Cash in banks 127.660 69
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion ...;......... ■••;■:- 161.155 70
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks.... :. 2.125 75
Total assets....... ..•■ $3,559,327 13
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid^........ $31,607 26
Losses in process of adjustment or.
in suspense."....;. > '...::....,•, 92,750 S3
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 16.23181
Gross premiums on flre risks running
one year or less. $1.100.4<5 SI; . re-
Insurance. 50 per cent.... 652,737 91
Gross premiums on flre risks running
more than .one year, $1,705,793 64 ; re-
Insurance pro rata ;..... /N851,991/ N 8S1,991 75
Total liabilities .................. $1,575.309 53
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums ................. -,.......:.51.674.232 64
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages .........:.:...■..-...... 50,510 41
Received for interest • and dividends
on bonds, . stocks, - loans i and from .
all other sources 80.048 41
Total inc0mc............ ;..;. 48
EXPENDITURES, v
Net amount paid for flre losses (In- .
eluding $117,543 88, losses . of pre-
vious year 5)....;................ $802,786 09
Dividends to ■ 5t0ckh01der5. ..:... ...... 100.000 00
Paid 'or allowed for ■■ commission or :■• ■
brokerage .... ;..'.;... ....... 305.790 43
Paid - for ■ salaries, fees and other
.charges for officers, clerks, etc. 154.780 78
Paid for . State, y national . and . local
■ taxes ......:...............•............. 41,991 39
All other payments and expenditures -125,539 57
: -.;. Total lexpendituresI expenditures .................$1.510.563 15
" ... v/... ■ ■ , ,-■ v ...--, . . -Fire. ■
Losses incurred during the year...... $801.094 7»
; Risks and Premiums... Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ- • . „ „. .„ ..
ten during the year.... $155,122,939 $1,913,533 4J
Net amount of risks ex- :.' ' ,_.,_-
• pired during the year.. 145.440.593 1.855,379 79
Net amount In force De- - .e^^o^-
■ ccmber 81..1897........V. 225.665.049 2.811.269 3o
::..:■ .: ..-. uj D. BROWNE. President.
\. CHARLES R. BT'BT, Secretary. ' . , ■
-Subscribed 'and sworn to before me, tuts ; 19tb
day of 'January.' lB93. Notary Public.
;■,:.- /;•.,-; JOHN H. THACHEB. Notary Public.
BENJAMIN J. SMITH,
"" Manager Pacific > Department
COLIN M. BOVD,
;; Agent i for - San 'Francisco, .
* :•„ -■' • : 411 'CALIFORNIA • ST. . .■J,;\.J „,..