VOLUME LXXXIII.-NO.— tm.
THE MAINE'S DESTRUCTION
AS THE CAUSE FOR WAR
The EL RIO, One of the Morgan Line of Steamships Just Purchased by the Government for Use
as a War Vessel. The El Sud, El Norte and El Sol, Belonging to the Same Line and
Exactly Like the El Rio, Were Also Bought for the Same Purpose. The Yachts Sov
ereign and Josephine Came Into the Hands of Uncle Sam at the Same Time.
QUEEN REGENT
SEEKING NOW
TO MAKE PEACE
Working as Only a Woman Can
to Avoid Plunging the Land
She Loves Into War.
Copyrlrhted, 189S, by James Gordon Bennett.
MADBID, April 6.— Of all the
great surprises in the extraordinary
diplomatic struggle between the
United States and Spain, during
■which we have been on the verge of
war twice during the last few days,
the greatest is yet to come. At the
present time there is on foot a great
end final attempt for peace which
has every prospect of being success
ful.
And I state this when all around
are talking war, wnen men of peace
have become jingoes, when troops
ere being hurried to Spanish ports,
when hot haste is being 1 made in dis
patching ships from various ports to
Unite at Cadiz, when, unless this plan
X speak of succeeds, Spain will send
forth the best fleet she can muster
end it will be one that will have to
be reckoned with.
It is impossible for me to tele
graph you what I know. I might
frustrate one of the most noble at
tempts at peace ever made in the his
tory of the world, and peace may yet
be written in large letters of gold
where those spelling war in letters
of blood might have been.
I can merely say, as an indication,
that if it comes, it will be from the
hands of a good and pious woman,
Bpeaking in the name of all that is
jnost holy upon earth, the beautiful
message of peace to Cuba.
Yesterday's optimism is replaced
by an equal amount of pessimism,
end this was reflected on the Bourse,
where the fall was from 2 to 3
points. But, as every one is crying
war, and pessimism is at its height,
let me tell, on unquestionable au
thority, that the situation is far from
lost and that, although diplomacy
may appear paralyzed, there are ex
traordinary means, which are born
in times such as these, have risen
into existence in tne face of the
threatened storm and by which cisver
heads and devoted hearts may yet
nicceed in proclaiming peace.
This may seem enigmatical, but
take my word there is a vast deal
behind it. I will ro further and tell
you emphatically, in the f«ce of all
pessimists, jingoes and alarmists,
that peace has not only one string
to its bow, out two. Further, be it
stated, that none of the theories or
rumors so far advanced has any
r-'fernjioe to these po6sible means
which are at present inviolable se
crets.
The preparations for war continue.
The San Francisco Call
PROSPECT FOR PEACE.£
MADRID. April 6.— The family
of United States Minister Wood
ford started this afternoon for
Biarritz, France.
The staff of the United States
legation has left Madrid and will
probably remain in Paris for the
present.
The hope of reaching a peace
ful settlement with the United
States Is growing stronger. It Is
reported that the basis of an ar
mistice in Cuba has been ar
ranged. If this be true a royal
decree will appear in the gazette
to-morrow or Friday announcing
the conclusion of an armistice.
Mr. McCalmont's famous yacht, the
Giralda, is being fitted out with
rapid-fire guns, and will be used for
a dispatch boat. The torpedo boat
destroyer, after a perilous voyage—
for the tempests have been terrible
lately — has arrived at Cadiz, where
she finds her traveling companions,
which she lost en route.
The Infanta Maria Teresa, Cristo
bal Colon and Carlos V are expected
to-day from Havre at Ferrol. The
warships are undergoing the final
fittings of their armament, which
was made on the journey in order to
make good speed to Cadiz. The tor
pedo fleet at Cadiz has, by order of
the Minister of Marine, been rein
forced by the Habana, the Barcelona,
the Retamosa and the Orion. The
first three will be attached to the
second torpedo squadron, should it
start. The Audaz and Osado, torpedo
boat destroyers, are still waiting to
make up the second squadron.
The Vizcaya and Oquendo, which
started out from Havana to meet
the torpedo squadron, have been sig
naled bacK, and have gone to Porto
Rico. The torpedo squadron, it is un
derstood, is at the Cape Verde Isl
ands.
It is now decided that the Cris
tobal Colon and the Infanta Maria
Teresa would go, in case of need, to
Havana, and the Carlos V and the
Pelayo would remain about the Span
ish coast. The Cardinal Cisneros has
left her dock and is at Ferrol. The
Osadft has left Queenstown for Feirol
and the Audaz, which is in dock
there, is being repaired.
From all parts of the country re
ports come in of patriotic subscrip
tions, patriotic bull fights and pa
triotic theatrical performances.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 1898 — TWENTY PAGES.
GRAVE DANGER
OF A RIOT IN
CUBA'S CAPITAL
Lee Making Every Effort to Get
Americans Out of the City Be
fore the Storm Breaks.
Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, Cuba (via Herald-Call dispatch
boat Sommers N. Smith to Key West,
Fla.), April 6. — Havana is in grave peril
from within and without. Any fool can
start a riot the consequence of which will
be remembered for a century, and Morro's
walls may crumble to pay the price of his
folly.
Soon after the Smith dropped anchor
alongside the Fern yesterday the Bache and
Mangrove steamed into Havana harbor and
the stars and stripes stood out stoutly in
the breeze from the staffs of four vessels — a
welcome sight, truly, to the eyes of the
Americans ashore, who may have grave need
at any time of ships of refuge. Americans
with whom I talked, while the gravity of the
situation lay full upon th?m, did not forget
to speak in high terms of the forbearance
of Havana's people up to the present time
and to add that, while the Prado was filled
with drilling boys and while raw recruits
and veterans alike have the breath of war
in their nostrils, no foreign citizen had yet
been molested. This was all the more note
worthy in view of the fact that the Havana
press had not hesitated from day to day to
inflame the rabble by reference to "Yankee
pigs," while the lowest element had been fed
on inflammatory circulars calling on the
more bloodthirsty of the patriots to resist
and avenge Spain at the expense of the
strangers within their gates.
Consul-General Lee told me a man who
saw him within the hour was heavy with
anxiety for Americans, who looked to him for
guidance, especially the women and chil
dren. It was felt that the Palace would
do its utmost in the emergency to protect
foreigners. As the Smith left Havana I
learned that Dr. Pea had been suspended or
removed because he was said to have facili
tated the movements of American steamers.
I could not learn the exact nature of the
charge made against him.
The positions of the Fern, Bache and
Mangrove in the harbor of course made it
impossible to leave without the consent of
the authorities, but no one in Havana be
lieved Americans would be in much danger
if once on board these vessels, as the street
mob seemed the chief peril with which for
eigners were confronted. That reminds me
that the Spanish Consul in Key West is said
to have agreed with the British Consul there
to take charge in his stead, fearing trouble
himself in case Consul-General Lee should
meet with harm in Havana or news to that
effect should reach Key West.
Havana has at last awakened to the stern
reality that it is threatened with war which
will be no opera bouffe affair.
The war fever has been increasing since
Friday last but. contrary to expectation, t! •
streets have ceased to clamor for blood and
the rabble has taken a quiet turn. On Mon
day night the Parque Centre and the Prado
were crowded with a gesticulating mob
filed with excitement yet refraining from
any attempt at a demonstration. On both
sides of the Prado uniformed volunteers
were drilling, surrounded by interested
friends. One company, organized Monday
night, is composed entirely of boys, the
oldest of whom is not out of his fifteenth
year. In the hands of these infants have
been placed rifles and to them cartridges
will be dealt out. They present the most
dangerous phase of the situation in the city.
An attempt has been made by the local
papers, under instructions from the Pa/ace,
to convince the city that the Pope's media
tion has been accepted by the United States,
which means, diplomatically, a victory for
Spain. For once, however, the public has
refused to be hoodwinked, and the announce
ment that the American Government has
sent the Bache and the Mangrove here to
take away its citizens, native-born and
naturalized, is looked upon as the last step
before the storm. In Obispo street I saw
four small boys, whose combined ages
would not exceed twenty years, parading,
each carrying a toy gun and a tin sword.
Their operations were directed by an offi
cer of the regular army, while not less than
200 spectators gravely watched and com
mented upon their maneuvers.
The Spanish officials in the pa/ace are now
convinced that war is inevitable, hostilities
being postponed simply for (he convenience
of both governments. One whose intelli
gence and understanding are of high grade
talked with me yesterday on the situation.
••War," he said, "is unavoidable. It is a
shame it is so, for the Americans and the
Spanish people have no reason for being
enemies. Our interests do not conflict. We
have always admired you, and certainly
Americans have something for which they
should thank Spain. Well, it is now too late
to discuss the right and wrong of the mat
ter. War is at hand. By it right is to be
determined. I recognize that the Cuban
affair has been exasperating to America, but
I do not believe it should have brought about
war. You are a brave people. Some
Spaniards think otherwise, but I
know it is so. You overestimate
your strength because you do not
recognize your lack of military
organization. The Spaniards are brave.
The opposite impress/on prevails in
America because of our iack of success in
Cuba.
"ft is with a keen sense of shame that
Spain realizes that her defeat is due to the
corruption of her officers. Our soldiers are
Continued on Secoad Pact.
CONGRESS WILL
HOLD SPAIN FOR
THE GREAT CRIME
Through Fear for the Lives of Americans
at Havana the President With
holds His Message.
Queen Regent Seeks to Compel Spain to Yield,
While Both Countries Continue Preparations for
Conflict Which Seems Inevitable.
NEW YORK, April 6.— The
Herald's Washington corre
spondent sends the following:
As time passes it is be
coming more evident that the
destruction of the Maine is to
figure as the principal count in
the indictment which Con
gress will make the basis of
its action against Spain.
This was not only devel
oped in conference this after
noon and in the conversations
of Senators and Representa
tives, but it was told by
members of the House Com
mittee on Foreign Affairs that
the explanation which Sigs
bee had given to that com
mittee of the mechanical
testimony before the Court
of Inquiry had served to con
vince the committee that the
evidence proved the ship
had been destroyed by Span
ish treachery.
The feeling over this is so
NEWS GF THE DAT.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Cloudy on Thursday; south
westerly winds.
Maximum temperature for the paat
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco G4 degrees
Portland 54 degrees
Los Angeles 64 degrees
San Diego 60 degrees
Sacramento 60 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
The Maine a Cause of War.
Queen Regent Wants Peace.
Fear of Riot at Havana.
SECOND PAGE.
Senators Not Satisfied.
Excitement at Havana-
May Reject Intervention.
House Radicals Talk Revolt.
Disappointment In Congress.
English Comment on the Crisis.
Plenty of Money for War.
THIRD PAGE.
Plans a Naval Demonstration.
Testing New War Machinery.
Only a Spanish Lie.
Lee to Stay at His Post.
Troops Not for Display.
Strike of Gold at Dyea.
Klondlkers Pay for letters.
FOURTH PAGE.
Something of the Whalers.
St. Helens Shows Smoke.
Attacks Husband With Ax.
Rain Helps the Crops.
Ran Jose Gong Tactics.
Murderer Hill Dies Game.
Japanese Fear the Powers.
FIFTH PAGE.
News Along the Water Front,
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
Now for the Pennltv.
Repaying Market Street.
Suppression of l'oolrooms.
California Ready.
An Impertinent Junta.
Music and Musicians.
SEVENTH PAGB,
News From Across the Bay.
Australians Well Fleeced.
EIGHTH PAGE.
Christian Women In Session.
Death Not Due to Accident.
NINTH PAGE.
Births, Marriages and Deaths.
TENTH PAGE.
New Laws for Hawallans.
Notes From Local Diamonds.
Racing at Emeryville.
ELEVENTH PAGE
A Notable Engagement.
A Countryman Robbed.
Woman Fights a Thief.
Latest Army News.
More of the raving Scandal.
TWELFTH PAGE.
Proposed City Charter.
NINETEENTH PAGE.
The Commercial World.
TWENTIETH PAGE.
A Bride of the Sea.
Officials Slow to Investigate.
TO BUY A PRIVATEER
TO SWEEP THE PACIFIC.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
VALPARAISO. Chile, April 6.—
Spaniards In Chile have responded
liberally to the plan recently pro
posed of buying a vessel for the
use of Spain in the event of war
with the United States. I am told
on the best authority that $1,000,000 has been subscribed within a few
weeks for this purpose. Practically all of this money came from the
Spanish colonies in this and other important Chilean cities.
Instead of buying or building a man-of-war, however, as was first
tntended, the sum raised will be devoted to the purchase and equip
ment of a fast steamship for use as a privateer on the Pacific Coast
of the United States.
Up to a late hour to-night the United States grunboat Marietta, en
route here from Callao, has not teen sighted. The port authorities
here will let her commander :hoose his ancher^pe when he enters.
The United States Minister. Mr. Henry L,. Wilson, has taken tem
porary headquarters here and will remain until the Marietta and Ore
gon arrive. The talk of war between Argentina and Chile has subsid
ed, and now all attention Is centered on the pending conflict between
Spain and the United States.
intense that, should the Presi
dent succeed in any way in
reaching an agreement with
Spain as to the general Cu
ban question, it is doubtful
if he could restrain Congress
from declaring war on account
of the Maine affair.
BALTIMORE, Md, April 6.
—United States Senator G
L. Wellington was in Balti
more to-day, and said in re
sponse to an inquiry : "I do
not think it will be possible
to hold Congress any longer
in relation to the Cuban affair.
"I expect things will break
loose to-morrow and that
some definite action will be
taken on the subject. I had
hoped that war might be
averted, but 1 see no pros
pect of that at the present
time, and unless there is a
decided change in the situa
tion war in a very short time
is inevitable."
WAR PARTY
IS CHECKED
FOR A DAY
Real Reason for With
holding the Presi
dent's Message
Until Monday
Next.
NEW YORK, April 6.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Another day of uncertainty and per
plexity.
One day nearer war in the opinion
of Congress; one day gained for those :
who are seeking delay to secure peace •
by forcing Spain to yield to the de- \
mands of the United States.
Officially the reason assigned for the
failure of the President to send his mes
sage to Congress to-day is a sensational
cablegram from Consul-General Lee de
PtflCE FIVE CENTS.
LIMA, Peru. April 6.— lt Is stated
to-day that the United States bat
tleship Oregon will sail from Callao
on Thursday.
SPAIN TAKES
THE MAINE.
Copyright, 189S, by James Gordon Ben
nett.
HAVANA, April 6.— Ensign
Powelson, who is attached to the
Fern, while spending som» time
on the wreck of the Maine yes
terday was peremptorily ordered
away by the commander of the
Spanish prunboat Le Uazpe, who
took the position that Mr. P.>w
elson had no right there since
the United States flag had been
hauled down fro; the wreck
after the departure of Lieuten
ant Commander Wainwrig-ht.
Powelson at first demurred,
but afterward left the wreck and
returned to the Fern.
scribing a riotous condition of affairs in
Havana, and urging that the message
be withheld for three or four days so as
to give him time for getting all Ameri
cans out of the island. When this cable
gram was received official announce
ment was made that the President's
message would not go to Congress be
fore Monday next.
These kaleidoscope changes in policy
are puzzling. When the Cabinet left the
White House last night the definite
statement was made that the message
would be sent to Congress at noon to
day. When Congress assembled word
came from the White House that there
would be two or three hours' delay.
Later there were hurried conferences
between the President and the leading
members of the two houses, and then
word came that the anxiously awaited
document would not come to Congress
before Monday.
The Senators and Representatives
who conferred with the President
brought word back to their colleagues
that the Chief Executive was justified
in holding this message in the light oi
the present condition of affairs in Ha
vana reported by General Lee.
There is no reason to doubt the
sincerity of the statement of the
President and his official advisers
that the safety of two thousand
Americans under the protecting wing
of General Lee was the immediate
cause for keeping back the msssag'e.
Yet there is no denying that the ad
ministration authorities consider that
the delay may not only be the means of
protecting these Americans, but that
conditions may so change between now
and Monday as to possibly avert war.
In any event they argue that from the
military standpoint there will be gain
rather than loss by the delay.
The President has not yielded one
inch in his determination to urge
upon Congress the necessity for im
mediate forcible Intervention to put2
SOME SENATORS
NOT SATISFIED
But the Majority ThinK It Only
Right to Protect All Ameri
cans at Havana.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 6.
The d^lay in the settlement of the Cuban question, involved in the
announcement made to-day that the President's message would prob
aMy not be -sent to Congress before next Monday, was received in the
Benate with varying degrees of favor or disfavor, depending largely
i the predictions and personal political associations of Senators. All
in Ited in the necessity for protecting the safety of General Lee and the
other American citizens in Cuba. Many, however, were inclined to criti
cise because our <itiz-i.s hnri not been removed heretofore, while oth
ers di Cor them should have been sent to Havana.
"It is a humiliating spectacle," said Senator Quay of Pennsylvania,
it with our fleet within ninety miles of Havana we are not able
to protect our people in that port."
"The request." said Senator Proctor, "merely illustrates the char
; le we are dealing with in this matter."
The intense Cuban sympathizers on both sides of the Senate cham
ber v In their expression of opinion that there was some motive
f. !• the delay thai did not appear on the surface. They did not ques
tion the good faith of the representation as to the danger of Americans
;ba, but they agreed that there must have t — > other causes for
the administra irse. "When the Madrid bulletin stating the
probability of an armistice in Cuba was made known they found in
it a verincation of their surmises. At one time during the afternoon
the indication was strong that dissatisfaction would find voice in the
O p er . ■eseion of the Senate, but those who felt disposed to discuss the
restrained largely from a feeling of delicacy, because
not 1 rtaln <>f their ground. The conservative element did not find
enc. •: I in the situation. They were not displeased over the
prospect of delay but they expressed regret at the occasion for it.
publication of the fact of danger to Americans in Cuba," said
one of them, "will set the country aflame and the war spirit will be
rampant to-morrow than ever."
S< : ator Elkins was among the conservatives who expressed appre-
I ■■ a? to the reports from General Lee, but he found great encour
\t in the outlonk for a peaceful settlement of the difficulty.
Other conservative Senators were inclined to minimize the armistice
■
Tlu' persona] r .->liowers of the President declined to see any other
for hi- action than that of assuring the safety of Americans in
. -: ii that Cor him to have taken any other course would,
i ncuniFtanc^s, have been inconsiderate and Inhuman, and
■ not like the President. Altogether the day's proceedings had
t "f leaving the Senate in an unsettled condition, but it aLso re-
Ueved the tension to a perceptible degree.
an end to Spain's misrule and to re
store peace and order in Cuba.
I was a-sured by three members of his
■ • -night that nothing short of
com: pliance with his last de
pain, which were rejected
by the Sagasta Ministry, will prevent
the President carrying out the policy
outlined in the vigorous message which
he now has upon his desk.
So I ly convinced is the Pres
ident that the time has come for action,
and so earnest is his desire to work in
harmony with Congress, that he made a
few changes in his message this morn
ing to meet the view- or some of the re
calcitrant member.-; of J.he Committee on
Foreign Affairs. He changed it so as
to make a >pecific recommendation for
immediate intervention. His message
was alread tj on that point, but
he mad.- it stronger.
He showed the message and the tele
gram from Consul-General Lee to his
■ Congressional advisers, and asked their
advice as to what he should do about
withholding the document. They all
agreed with him that in the light of Gen
eral Lee's advices it was prudent to
withhold the mcv-age, and assured him
that Congress will wait until Monday.
Since conferring with the Con
gressional members this afternoon
the President has received a lengthy
cablegram from Minister Woodford
containing a new proposition from
the Madrid Government.
Tt is now under consideration. Xo
information will be officially given out
about this latest dispatch from Minis
ter Woodiord, but it i< believed to be
confirmatory of the afternoon press dis
patches stating that the Queen Regent
had taken the matter in her own hands
and decided to r-,:npiy with the original
demands of President McKinley for an
armistice, which contemplates the with
drawal of the Spanish troops and the
establishment of a form of government
which will be satisfactory to the Cubans.
I have positive knowledge that
France, Italy and Austria, with the co
opration of the Pope, have been exert
ing r.!l the influence at their command
to induce the Queen Regent to take
this course.
The further information cabled from
Madrid this aftcrnon to the effect that
a Cabinet crisis in Madrid is imminent
is what was expected here in case the
Queen yielded to the pressure brought
to bear upon her. The three powers
named, 1 understand from absolutely
reliable source*, assured the Queen they
would guarantee the safety of the dyn
asty in os<- she would issue a proclama
tion j>r< \i<'i:iK r for an armistice which
would end the war and with the ulti
mate end of giving the Cubans their in
dependence.
The diplomat who gave me this in
formation says he expects to see a proc
lamation promulgated by the Queen to
morrow declaring in favor of an armis
tice with conditions which would be ac
ceptable to the insurgents and to the
United States.
It remains to be seen what view the
President will take of the new proposi
tion. It is known that the dispatch from
Minister Woodford has again encour
aged the authorities to believe there may
be yet a peaceful solution of the great
problem. As was states in the Herald
this morning, Minister Woodford cabled
the President last night that he expected
to have important information to report
to-day. A lengthy message from him
this afternoon, I am positively assured.
refers to the Queen's new proposition
for peace, and contemplates the reopen
ing of negotiations with the President.
There will be a Cabinet meetins on the
subject to-morrow.
The day at the White House has been
momentous to one of its occupants.
This morning he was steeled to meet
the emergency of the hour, and was
awaiting the verdict which the American
people would render when they had
heard the summing up of the case of the
United States against Spain. He was
calmer than he had been for many days.
The tumult in his breast had been
quelled, and the sea of indecision, whose
waves had tossed him hither and thither,
had subsided.
Men not entirely great are relieved
when serious responsibility is shifted
to some one else.
The President is one of these, and
he felt that his wretchedness and misery
were but memories. But there were to
transpire, in the swift hours, events that
were destined to involve him again in
considerations complicated and exact
ing, and ere they had passed he had pre
pared himself for another ordeal no less
oppressive, perhaps, than its predeces
sor.
The message had been comoleted. but
early in the day Attorney General
Griggs came and some changes were
made in the important document. The
Cabinet officers,, once so loquacious,
have grown secret, since dealing with
the Spaniards, whose subtlest ally is
secrecy, regarding their intentions. It
was hinted, however, that the President
and Griggs made the message stronger,
and that the intervention it would call
for would not be of a character that
would look like an invitation for fur
ther delay in bringing the present com
plications to a crisis.
Following the Jersey man, came
Adams, Representative, and Frye. Spoon
er and Fairbanks, Senators, representing
the Foreign Relations Committee of
both houses.
It was arranged that the resolu
tions calling for intervention to be
reported in two Houses should be
identical.
Frye looked, when he came outside.
as if the resolution pleased him. This
surmise is correct. There will be no
criticism on the measure from the peo
ple at large.
Then the real events of the day began
to pile up. A decision was reached on
the subject of following the passage of
the intervention resolution with an im
posing demonstration of the military
and naval strength of the United States
so as to say to the Spanish, in the idio
matic language of the little boy, "Some
body'll lam you if you don't look out."
This was reached in a conference with
Griggs, Long, of the Navy, and Alger,
Secretary of War.
Suddenly the dense, dull air at the
White House became surcharged
with excitement. The forced calm of
the past few days was dissipated.
Assistant Secretary of State Day had
received a telegram from General Lee
announcing a serious state of affairs
at Havana; that the volunteers were
arming; that the Mangrove and
Bache had not been able to accommo
date Americans desiring to leave the
country, and requesting that the
message to Congress be delayed in
order to save further sacrifice to
Spanish hate.
There was no hesitancy about ac
quiescing at once with the request. Just
as this conclusion was reached. Senators
Frye, Davis and Lodge, of the Senate
Foreign Relations Committee, suggest
ed that the Democrats be called into
conference, and a telephone message to
the House brought Representatives
Hopkins, Dinsmore, Savers and Berry.
Democrats, and Newlands, Silver Re
publican, members of the House For
eign Affairs Committee, to the exec
utive mansion.
Congress had already been informed
of the decision before these arrivals, but
they, of course, approved this action.
Later in the afternoon the President au
thorized the announcement that the
message would go in on Monday.
After these stirring moments came an
other matter of importance. A cable
cipher from Minister Woodford indi
cated an intention on the part of the
Queen Regent of Spain to relieve the
Ministers of responsibility for settling
the difficulty with the United States,
and to undertaking the management of
it herself. Hope bubbled up in the
bosom of the President that perhaps a
woman's hand would lead the way from
chaos, and her soothing touch allay the
fierce, impetuous anger of two nations,
but bubbles break.
To-night McKinley is watching
Havana with heavy, anxious eyes.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THUKSDAT, APRIL 7, l»y».
He knows a riot there and the injury
of one American means war. He
knows that if a hair of Lee's head is
touched it means the kind of war
that Sherman said was "hell."
I am able to state authoritatively that
the messages from Consul General Lee
and Lieutenant Commander Cowles are
in substance:
On account of lack of steamer ac
commodations Consul General Lee
has been unable to remove the Amer
icans from Havana at the time (be
fore noon to-day) specified by the
President. There are now two thou
sand Americans, native-born and
naturalized, who are being fed by the
Consul General and more are arriving
in Havana hourly. The situation has
taken a critical phase by reason of
the action of the volunteers, who, ex
cited by recent events and anticipat
ing a warlike message from Presi
dent McKinley, are parading the
streets, and there is danger of riots
with the massacre of Americans as a
result. This condition will be greatly
aggravated when information re
garding the contents of the message
reaches Havana.
General Lee, therefore, urges that the
President delay transmitting his mes
sage to Congress, and states that if it
is made public, he will not be re
sponsible for the safety of Americans.
He believes he will be able to get all
Americans away from Cuba next Sun
day. The steamer Mascotte left this af
ternoon for Key West with ninety-six
passengers, all returning Americans.
The Olivette will leave Key West to
morrow, together with the Bache and
Mangrove.
The supply ship Fern will remain at
Havana and will be the refuge of Gen
eral Lee and the other consular officers
and such Americans as the other ships
may be unable to bring to the United
States.
Immediately after the receipt of Lee's
telegram, the decision was reached to
postpone the transmission of the mes
sage, and a dispatch was sent to General
Lee, informing him oMhe acquiescence
of the President in his request, and urg
ing him to go to any expense he
thought necessary to get Americans
away from Cuba. He was directed to
inform the President the moment the
last American had departed, in order
that the message might at once be laid
before Congress.
In addition to the advices from Gen
eral Lee and Lieutenant Commander
Cowles, it was reported to-day, appar
ently on good authority, that a represen
tative of the Plant Line called on the
President and informed him that his
firm feared an outbreak in Havana, and
that unless he agreed not to send his
message to Congress, his company
would not fel justified in sending its ves
sels to that port. This report was de
nied at the White House in the even-
ing.
Secretary Long advised Captain
Sampson of the serious condition of af
fairs existing in Havana, and directed
him to keep in constant communication
with General Lee, and, if that officer
thought it necessary that warships come
to his aid, to send them with all possible
dispatch. Captain Sampson will also
watch the cable, and should it be found
that it is cut. he will order his vessels
to go to Cuba's capital.
It was rumored to-night that another
man-of-war had been ordered to Havana,
but this rumor could not be verified.
It was reported to-night that General
Lee had left Havana, but denied by
high officials, who pointed out that Gen
e-al Lee would hardly leave his post
when Americans are in grave danger.
Congress was greatly disappointed at
not receiving the message to-day. It
has been difficult for some time past to
restrain a majority of the members of
both houses. Some men were inclined
to jump at conclusions this afternoon,
and when they were first informed that
the mesrage would not be sent in, said
the President was simply playing for
delay and was using Consul General
Lee's cablegram as a pretext. When it
was learned, however, that the Senators
and Representatives who have been
called to the White House had them
selves advised holding the message back
until every American was out of Cuba,
there was general acquiescence.
There are men in both houses who
sincerely hope that in the meantime the
President may be able to effect some
peaceful settlement of the general Cuban
question.
On the other hand the majority in
both Houses as sincerely regard the
destruction of the Maine as casus
belli.
They believe the United States should
sweep the western hemisphere to
avenge the loss of that vessel and of her
officers and men. and they do not want
the case of United States versus Spain
weakened by the adjustment of any
feature of it before its final settlement by
the war which they consider inevitable.
COMING CHANGES IN
THE STATE LIBRARY.
SACRAMENTO, April 6.— Hon. Frank
L. Coombs, the recently appointed State
Librarian, is arranging to take full
charge of the library on the 15th inst. The
persons appointed at the last meeting of
the Board of Trustees in San Francisco
are all here, and through the courtesy
of Miss Genevieve Green, the former
Assistant librarian, are being made fa
miliar with the duties exacted in the
various departments.
Miss Green's resignation was contem
plated by her, to take place on the first
of April, but at the earnest solicitation
of the present Board of Trustees she
consented to remain until the 15th, about
which time she will depart for Europe,
where for a period of three years she
will devote herself to study. J. L. Gillls
having resigned his position as assistant,
to take a position of keeper of archives
for the State, made it necessary for Mr.
Dana Perkins to remain in the Law De
partment for the same time, in order that
the incoming Law Librarian might be
made familiar with the duties there.
The students of the High School, who
reap a great profit from their access to
the library, are particularly earnest in
their words of praise and appreciation
of the assistance that has always been
given them in their literary researches.
The incoming Librarian and assistant also
appreciate the kindness and attention
paid them by their predecessors. Speak
ing of their reception, Librarian Coomb*
said:
"It is very gratifying to me and those
who will be associated with me to find
so enthusiastic a willingness on the part
of all of the retiring employes in the State
Library to aid us in acquiring famil
iarity with the situation. We have been
received most kindly and courteously,
and I dwire to acknowledge my appre
ciation and gratitude."
GRAVE DANGERS
OF A RIOT IN
CUBA'S CAPITAL
Continued from First Page.
brave, but have had no chance to fight. The
guerrilla mode of warfare that has been fol
lowed by the insurgents has been effective
against us. But give our men fair enemies —
such as will be found in the Americans— and
they will be found not failing. Ido not hope
for bloodshed, but it would please me if we
could line up an army of 50,000 Spanish
troops against an equal number of Ameri
cans. The battie would be surely ours. Our
officers would drop greed for patriotism, and
our soldiers would fight as they well know
how to do. They are well disciplined, the
American press to the contrary notwith
standing. They know what the sound of
bullets means, and, more than that, our men
are equipped with repeating rifles and will
do great execution.
"The war will probably be fought on
the water. This branch of our service is
stronger than you think and will do good
work. We fight in your waters. God care
for those that die. I wish the bad business
was well over, but we go into the war con
vinced of the righteousness of our cause.
The ultimate result the god of battles must
decide."
MAY REJECT
INTERVENTION
Cubans Demand Rec
ognition of Their In
dependence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 6.— The Cuban
Junta, through its counsel, Horatio S.
Rubens, made an important statement
to-day. It declares in the most un
equivocal language that the Cuban
Provisional Government and the Cuban
army would reject absolutely interven
tion by the United States unless it
should be preceded by a recognition of
the independence oi the Cuban repub
lic; that if the United States persisted
in intervening without recognizing Cu
ban independence the Cuban Govern
ment and military forces would refuse
to co-operate; and that, if the United
States troops should be sent to Cuba
upon the basis of intervention without
independence, the Cuban army would,
in the last resort, turn its arms against
the United States.
The statement made by Mr. Rubens
was preceded by the following:
"The declaration I am about to make
is official, fur I am the legal represent
ative of the Junta, and I know
unalterable convictions and position. It
is in line with the utterances of the
delegate of the Cuban Provisional Gov
ernment to the United States, Tomas
Estrada Palma, when the suggestion
was made that this Government should
counsel the Cubans, and, if necessary,
coerce them to an acceptance of auton
omy.
"It was 1 v;ho yettorday, from the
most trustworthy sources of informa
tion, conveyed to the newspaper re
porters the forecast of the burden of
the President's message — intervention
without recognition of independence.
The forecast has been confirmed by
subsequent public events, and the accu
racy of any information in this par
ticular should give authority to the in
formation, even more important, which
I am now to divulge. It has been in
my possession for many hours, and I
have hesitated between my duty as an
American citizen, on the one hand, and,
on the other, as the legal representa
tive of the Cuban Junta, but I regard
the time as now arrived when I must
make these facts known. I have it
from a Spanish authority high in finan
cial circles that the whole course now
proposed by the President is in pursu
ance of an understanding between
Washington and Madrid, the object of
which is to secure peace in Cuba."
After quoting from the address to the
people of the United States, issued by
Mr. Palma, on March 17, Mr. Rubens
says: "In thp face of the present pro
posal of intervention without previous
recognition, it is necessary for us to go
a step further and say that we must
and will regard such intervention as
nothing less than a declaration of war
by the United States against the Cu
ban revolutionists."
EVERY ONE IS
DISAPPOINTED
Statesmen and Spectators
Wait in Vain for the
Message.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington. April 6.
After waiting -atiently in the gal
leries and corridors of the House for
hours, many of them from 8 o'clock
until shortly before 3 o'clock this after
noon, the thousands who had come to
hear the President's message turned
away weary and disgusted at the de
lay. Never was there such disappoint
ment at the Capitol. The members felt
it even more keenly than the specta
tors, and for two hours afterward they
stood about the lobbies discussing the
latest phase of the situation.
The news of the proposed armistice
which came on the heels of the an
nouncement that General Lee had ca
bled for delay received quite as much
attention as the request of Lee. The
debate in progress in the House over
the army reorganization bill attracted
little or no attention. It was complete
ly overshadowed by the more absorb
ing question. Considerable opposition
to the bill developed on the ground that
its provision for an extension of the
regular army in time of war to 104,000
men would be inimical to the National
Guard and the volunteer forces, upon
which the country had heretofore relied
in time of stress. There will be a strong
effort to recommit the bill to-morrow.
When the Senate convened to-day in
tense expectancy, amounting to excite
ment, prevailed both on the flooor and
in the galleries. The President's mes
sage had been positively promised, and
its coming was awaited with genuine
anxiety. Ten minutes after the Sen
ate convened consideration of the sun
dry civil bill was resumed and with the
exception of eight minutes consumed
by executive session, in which Senator
Davis announced that no message
would be sent in to-day, almost the en
tire session was consumed by the ap
propriation bill. it was practically
completed when laid aside for the day
HOUSE RADICALS
TALK OF REVOLT
Members Who Consider Blocking
Legislator) May Be Put in
Position of Bolters.
Call Office, Riggs House, Washington. April 6.
Notwithstanding the impatience and disappointment caused among
Republican members of the House by the withholding of the Presi
dent's message to-day, the frank statement of the President to the
leaders and to several prominent Democrats that such a course was
deemed absolutely necessary by Consul-General Lee to insure the safe
departure of the Americans still In Cuba, has caused them to accept the
situation in good faith. Some of the most radical, after hearing the
statements of those who saw the President, appeared satisfied. Those
with whom the President talked came away with a very strong Im
pression that the message would mean war unless Spain backed down
squarely. Pending the transmittal of the message in view of the situ
ation presented by the President, all plans looking to action in the
House will be abandoned.
But those who have been taking part in the radical movement,
and who always admit the possibility that the time may come when
they will have to part company with the President, are, according to
the leaders of the movement, more determined than ever to ultimately
obtain what they desire. They, however, are at present satisfied with
the assurance they have received as to the character of the message.
But this has not prevented them lrom organizing for possible contin
gencies. The conference which was to have been held to-night was
abandoned, but fifty of those who originally inaugurated the movement
met immediately after the House adjourned to discuss the situation.
All who were not heartily in sympathy with the movement were in
vited to leave. Those at the meeting unanimously agreed to wait
upon the message, but the movement for a caucus started by the Pres
ident's supporters, which was also abandoned during the afternoon, ex
posed them to a danger of which they had not reckoned, namely: That
a caucus of Republicans mieht be called to bind them by the party ac
tion and place them in the position of bolters if the occasion arose
for them to adopt an independent plan of action. A committee of eight
was therefore appointed to count noses, to watch the situation and to
devise ways and means to meet any tactics of the opposition.
The committee is as follows: Hopkins of Illinois, Lorrimer of Illi
nois, Tawney of Minnesota, Cooper of Wisconsin, Hepburn of lowa,
Brownell of Ohio, Joy of Missouri and Knox of Massachusetts.
Several rather vigorous speeches in denunciation of any policy or
delay were made in the course of the meeting, one by Smith of Illi
nois. In order to emphasize this position, a proposition was made to
unite with the Democrats and block all legislation, adjourning from
day to day until the message appeared and the House had acted on the
Cuban resolution. But Hull of lowa, who is pushing the army reor
ganization bill, made such an ardent plea to allow the bill to come to
a vote that the proposition was temporarily abandoned. Whether it
will be revived depends largely upon the course of events. It can be
stated, however, that it is thoroughly contemplated.
One of the other chief developments of the day was the probability,
In the event of a split on the Republican side, that the Democrats
would unite with the radicals and ullow the latter to force the issue.
If the Democrats should assume the aggressive the chances are that
they would solidify the Republicans against them.
EXCITEMENT
IS INCREASED
Panic at Havana Dur
ing the Morning and
Stores Closed.
Spaniards Hold a Council of
War at the Palace and Call
for More Volunteers.
American Consulate Guarded and
Troops Held in Readiness in Case
of Mot) Violence.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, April 6.— Panic reigned in
Havana to-night. The cable this morn
ing brought many alarming private
messages, and the result is the city is
in a tumult. Americans are rushing to
get away. Spaniards are scanning the
horizon beyond Morro Castle for the
coming of "the white squadron, whose
presence in Cuban waters is hourly ex
pected. Lawton & Childs, American
bankers and usrents of the Plant line
steamships, received early a message
that the Mascotte should not on any
account be held beyond the sailing
hour of 1 o'clock this afternoon, and
ihat the Olivette would not make the
extra trip that had been promised. This
message also announced that Consul-
General Lee would be ordered to with
draw from Havana to-day. The result
of this message was that Lawton &
Childs did not open their doors for gen
eral business this morning, though
American customers were cared for.
Their action was followed by all other
American houses, and Indeed by most
of the French and German firms, as
well as some Spanish. The shops along
Orellly and Obispo streets wtre desert
ed, while people gathered in excited
knots to discuss the situation.
I went early to the palace to pay re
spects to General Blanco. I found the
doorway to the palace almost choked
with excited officers talking and gestic
ulating. The sentinels at the gate were
not at their posts, but had stepped out
side to talk over the latest news with
half a dozen fello-w soldiers. In the
passage upstairs I found the same con
dition of affairs, save in General Blan
co's room. There a council of war was
being held. Besides Blanco there were
present members of the Colonial Gov
ernment, military and half a dozen
others whose offices I did not know. I
was told that they were Governor Aro
las, Admiral Manterola, General Par
rado and Dr. Congosto. They were dis
cussing the "bando" recalled last night,
and which will be probably reissued to
night, calling upon all able-bodied men
in the island between the ages of nine
teen and fifty to at once enroll them
selves in the army.
This was not a peremptory order, but
so worded that it can be plainly seen
that to refuse it is to be considered dis
loyal to Spain. Of course it was impos
sible under the circumstances for me to
see Blanco or Secretary Congosto, pa
lite regrets with a request to call later
being sent out in reply to my card. Dr.
Mendez, censor, was seen for a mo
ment, but he was too busy to talk. He
is one of the few officials within the
palace who refuses to get excited. Dr.
Mendez has for several weeks believed
war inevitable, but sees northing re
markable in that and has awaited the
end with a smile of confidence. He does
not expect a short war, either, and de
clares that final victory is not assured
to either country.
Nearly every foreign family which ex
pects to remain in Havana has been
prepared for at least ninety days of
siege. My informant said that unles3
robbed by a mob his family has sup
plies sufficient to last ninety days. This
morning not less than 5000 volunteers
were in the Prado in parade, which was
lined with spectators from one end to
the other. Great enthusiasm was dis
played, but absolute order was ob
served. The Hotel Inglaterra is guarded
by fifty mounted orden publicoa and as
, many more on foot.
MORE STABLE
IN GRAVITY
News From Madrid Not
Reassuring to Seekers
of Peace.
It Is Believed That the Pro
posed Papal Mediation Will
Not Be Accepted.
Ons Correspondent Declares That
Concessions Could Be Secured
if Spain Is Granted Time.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, April 6.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Times says there is
no definite news, but the situation be
comes more stable in its gravity. The
telegrams from Rome indicate that the
Pope's mediation was indefinite and un
developed and that the assent of all
parties concerned is as yet not accord
ed. It is said, furthermore, that His
Holiness will ask the Que«n Regent to
grant an armistice in Cuba. Her
Majesty may do so, but, as no armistice
is reported to have been asked for from
■the rebel camp, the granting of it will
not be easy. A ministerial crisis is
talked of. ISo crisis of this nature is in
immediate prospect, but the shades of
ministerial opinion are known to con
trast with some sharpness. The Cuban
ministry's message to the insurgents is
thought here to be sailing as close to
the wind as is safe.
El Heraldo of Madrid attacks it with
tooth and nail, and the Ejercito Espa
nole, an organ representing the army,
brings a violent charge against the
colonial minister, Senor Moret, although
adduciner no proof.
With these exceptions the press in
laudably sober and the country sajs
little, but pulls itself together for at
tack and defense. Diplomacy or inter
cession may still, of course, be trumps
and peace may ensue. If it does there
will be much warlike preparations to
unmake, and Spain's estimate of
America, her parliament and President
will have been an error.
The Madrid corespondent of the
Daily Telegraph says: I am able to
•assert that, in the opinion of more than
one European Government, a peaceful
settlement on the basis of Spanish con
cessions could be secured if a little time
were allowed for reflection and discus
sion: but the rapidity of events at
Washington is the most dangerous ele
ment of the situation. It is question
able whether the Cubans an? npe for
independence and whether such a
measure could possible be executed in
a hurry.
ARCHBISHOP IRELAND
CABLES INFORMATION.
Tells the Pope That Mediation Is Al
most Impossible Because of the
Resistance of Public Opinion.
LONDON, April 7.— The Rome cor
respondent of the Daily Chronicle says:
Archbishop Ireland has cabled to the
Pope that mediation is almost impos
sible in consequence of the resistance
of public opinion. His Holiness is much
grieved by this check to his good in
tentions.
The Cuban insurgents, it is said, have
cabled to the European committee that
they will not agree to an armistice or
disarmament unless Cuban independ
ence is declared.
LATEST BUTCHERY
OF THE SPANIARDS.
HAVANA (via Key West), April 6.—
Over two hundred reconcentrados who
left Havana to renew their labors in
the country, availing themselves of the
decree of General Blanco, have been
massacred by Snanish troops near
Guines. The fact is absolutely true.
The details, which have arrived only a
few minutes before the steamer leaves
for Key West, are terrible.
CAN GET ALL
MONEY NEEDED
In the Event of War This
Country Will Not Be
Hampered.
Capitalists of New York Ready
to Supply Funds at the Gov
ernment's Terms.
By Popular Subscription Five Hun
dred Million Dollars Could Ba
Quickly Secured.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 6.
Several officials of the administration
called informally at the White House
to-night and had conferences with the
President. Secretaries Long. Bliss, Al
ger and Attorney-General Grlggs were
among those who saw the President,
but all left the executive mansion early
and the President retired before 11
o'clock. None of them would discusa
the situation in any of its phases.
Early in the evening the President
had a long conference by appointment
with John A. McCall of New York.
Mr. McCall is said to have assured the
President that the Government would
be put to no embarrassment by a lack
of money with which to prosecute a
war. While he deprecated war and
hoped that it might be averted, if it
could not be the whole people of the
country would stand by the President
in maintaining a just contest.
It is said upon excellent authority
that Mr. McCall represented to tha
President the belief that within forty
eight hours he could raise among th»
financial institutions of New York
alone $300,000,000, which the Government
could have upon its own terms and that
if a popular subscription %vere called
for $500,000,000 could be obtained in a
few days.
Late to-night Mr. McCall said he dii
not care to discuss his interview with
the President.
"As to a war loan," said he, "we will
not cross that bridge until we get to
it. Everybody ought to deplore war,
but when the President B&ys war is
inevitable the people will stand solidly
with him. He can have ail the money
he wants."
CARR'S STORY OF ANDREE
WAS SIMPLY A FAKE.
VICTORIA, April 6.— The story told by
Carr, the United States mail carrier, that
he had news from Andree, the balloonist,
proves to have been a fake, pure and
simple. Carr pot the idea from a Uttle
paper published in St. Michael, which re
cently published a highly improbable
story regarding the missing aeronaut.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
TO THE PASSENGERS OF
THE STEAMER ALAIiieDA-
FROM AUSTRALIA. :: '
We cordially extend the hospitality
of our establishment requ' ting you to
call upon us at your convenience with-
out the slightest obligation to purchase.
You will be interested in our facilities
and equipment for handling Alaska
outfitting trade. We have many arti-
cles cooked for your inspection and
sampling at our Demonstration Coun-
ter. The lady in charge will give you
instructions how to prepare same.
Ask to see our packing department
and our order floor, as well as the out-
fitting floor, which is the largest and
carries the best assortment in the city.
We have correspondence on file from
parties who outfitted in Victoria, and
who report no gain by so doing, and
goods are higher in price in Victoria
that is not altogether offset by the
duty. We also have responsible parties
from Dawson in our store who win give
you much valuable information. Let-
ters from United States Consul at Vic-
toria, etc., at your disposal.
We Guarantee to Save You Money
Trading Here.
Outfits are at least $50 cheaper in
San Francisco and $75 cheaper at our
store. Investigate and ascertain the
truth of this statement. It is a dol-
lars and cents proposition, and money
in your pocket to do so.
We quote:
Granulated Desiccated Potatoes, per
Ib, 10c.
Evaporated Onions, per Ib, 30c to 40c,
German Evaporated Eggs, per Ib,sL
All- Wool Blankets, per Ib, 60c.
Duck Coats, Sheen Skin line 1, $4.
Buffalo Sleeping Bags, each $10.
Native Fur Garments, closing at
cost.
The steamer Humboldt, for Alaska
direct, leaves to-day at noon. Cut rates
of \. _ ■ ...
CASH STOBIE
25-27 Market St., S. F.
No deception practiced.
No $100 Reward.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST
for a generous ' i
10 cent trial size. i
Ely's Cream balm
contains no cocaine, mercury nor any other in-
jurious orn». It opens and cleanses the Nasal
Passages. Allays Pain and Inflammation. Heal*
and Protects the Membrane. Restores the Sense*
of Taste aud ; Smell. I* quickly absorbed. Gives
Relief at once. 50 ctt>. st Druggists or by mail
Trial Size 10 cts. at Dr.le.7Uts or by mail '
« ELY BROTHERS. M Warren Street. New York.PLAN OF
PRESIDENT
McKINLEY
Jt Includes Prompt Work
by the Warships Now
in Readiness.
Immediately After Congress
Declares for Intervention the
Fleets Will Commence
Operations.
NEW YORK, April 6.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: President
McKlnley's Intervention programme
contemplates the execution of plans to
bring Spain to compliance with his de
mands before the United States resorts
to the last expedient of war. This plan j
Is nothing more or less than a naval
demonstration to be made Immediately
after Congress passes the resolution au
thorlxlng the Intervention of the United
States to end the war in Cuba. It has
been the subject of serious considera
tlon by the President and his advisers.
The plan has been practically perfected
and when approved will be forwarded
to Commodore Schley, commander-in
chief of the flying squadron, and Cap
tain W. T. Sampson, commander-in
chief of the fleet at Key West, to be :
put Into execution at a word from
Washington.
Of course the plan may be abandoned
by reason of unforeseen events, but
ng at the future with a knowledge
of the situation as it is to day the au- ,
thtirities feel confident that it may j
prove to be the BOluti n of the danger- j
ous Cuban problem, and that by its
•ion war may be averted. Spain's
course in case a demand Is made Is
a subject of keen speculation,
but it is evident that the President and
■-•his advisers believe that the Madrid
rnment will come . > terms; other
wise they would hardly consider such
a desperate undertaking. With the
American fleet oft Havana harbor and
th« flying squadron at Porto Rico it is
but a step to the discharge of a shot
which will inflame the two countries to
war. But the officials hope that there
will be no first Ehot and that appre
ciating that this Government has the
military situation well in hand Spain
will lose no time in entering into an
armistice with the Insurgents with their
endence to follow.
m ' rer the feeling of Spain
and the Spaniards is well known it is
declared that the United States will
find that Spain will call the President's
..bluff and that war will inevitably fol
low the demonstration. It is an open
.secret that Spain does not propose to
take the initiative in declaring war; it
Is- lier desire that the United States
shall be the offender in that she may
turn to. Europe and represent that the
American Government forced hostilities
upon her because of its desire to re
move European domination from the
western hemisphere.
The President has been extremely
cautious in his diplomatic negotiations,
and now he occupies a position which
the whole world will approve when he
describes it in the message which he
will lay before Congress on Monday
next or as soon as Consul -General Lee
cables that Americans have been re
moved from Cuba, The flying squadron
and the Key West fleet are ready for
Immediate service. The Texas is ex
pected to reach Hampton Roads to
morrow, and with her the flying squad
ron will be complete and ready for
business. Should the squadron be re
tained at Hampton Roads until next
Week it will be joined by the cruisers
San Francisco and New Orleans.
The first step was taken by the au
thorities to-day to put the New Or
leans in commission immediately upon
her arrival at New York by the assign
ment of Lieutenant-Commander A. P.
psborn as her executive officer. Cap
tain W. M. Folger has been ordered to
command this vessel by direction of the
Secretary. A crew for the new cruiser
was forrred at the Brooklyn Navy
Yard and win be placed on board the
vessel at the earliest possible moment.
It is the expectation of officials that the
Newark, which is approaching com
pletion at the Norfolk Navy Yard, will
aJso be attached to the flying squadron,
as it is said that Captain Sampson now
has a sufficiently formidable fleet at
Key West to carry out the programme
which the President has in view. Of
course Captain Sampson's fleet will be
Increased by an auxiliary cruiser,
picket boats, etc., but the line-of-bat
tle ships, vessels which will bJar the
bruni nf action, are all ready for busi
ness. Captain Sampson now has at
Key West the monitors Terror and
Puritan. The Amphitrlte left Charles
ton to-day for Key West, and the Mi
antonomoh will leave League Island to
morrow for the same destination. The
monitors Will be used to bombard the
fortifications of Havana, leaving the
battle-ships and cruisers to operate
the naval force, to follow up
n.iy advantage that may be gained, and
transports loaded with
• intended for occupation on Cu
ban soil.
THE LEAGUE IS ORGANIZED.
•prompt Organization of all Bepubli
:;.'-: ?:.■• ■■ . can Clubs in the City Is
'•.:' ■•'....■ Recommended.
;■: 3"he Continental League Is one of the
.V^l'ublican organizations in this city that
<>. lias" ; kept up its existence since the last
•;".e'<vm : p;iign, consequently it is ready to
•• iifK.-- a Hand In the coming conflict. With
• .;;tt\\ven-disclpllnud commltteos and active
■./.meihtiershlp, the party to which it is
VfaUh fully attached will have a useful
... iuixniary to call upon to aid it in the
;;;'ca-mii.-i.i
.; -Tit.-, attendance at last night's meeting
waa large and full of enthusiasm for the
:.. *?'SP«BS of the party next November.
V This organization will take a hand in the
.coming election for the charter next
••month, and inasmuch as it has placed it
<■...-• • >
self on record as being against the civil
service clause In Federal appointments,
It is possible that it will give expression
to those sentiments in the votes of its
members on the occasion.
It Is on record by a resolution adopted
some months ago that no man seeking a
seat in the legislative body at Sacramento
need expect Its support who favors civil
service in any form in this State. •
The speakers at last night's meeting
urged the Republicans of the city to
start org-aj-.ization at once. Messrs. Cur
rier, Dorsal) Nichols, H. F. Firebaugh,
William MiKinzie, G. E. Graham and
President Worth made short addresses.
in which It was stated that the duties of
the Republicans, from now on until the
day of the election, should be unity of
action with a thorough organization.
S1 1 retary Rigger's annual report
showed that the league had added con
siderable membership, as also finances,
during the past year.
I'Mi-san Nichols offered a. resolution
Indorsing th(_> dignified and firm stand
tak-'ii by President McKinley on the
Cuban puestion.
A committee consisting of Dorsan Nich
ols, W. J. Herrin, Amos Currier, Oscar
Lewis and P. A. Huckdell was appointed
to make arrangements for a mass meet
ing of the league on May 4. at which the
new charter will be discussed by able
speakers.
STRIKE OF GOLD
AT THE HEAD OF
THE DYEA RIVER
Rich Pay-Dirt Has Been Found in the Vicinity
of Canyon City — A Suicide at
Dyea.
SEATTLE, April 6. — The steam schooner Navarro reached here this
morning from Dyea. The officers report that an interesting passenger
left the boat at Fort Wracgei . H- was a full-blooded Indian named
John Johnson, and he had just returned from Dawson with a quantity
of gold dust and several drafts for considerable money.
Johnson is a graduate of the Carlisle Indian School, and afterwari
lived four years in Philadelphia. He came from the East a year ago
and went into Alaska, where he procured an interest in four good
claims. Ho left Dawson early in March, coming down the river alone
with a single train of docs.
Johnson brings the report of a gold strike near the head of the Dyea
River, which promises to be of considerable importance. Purser Wel
chum of the Navarro says that as hip' 1 as 90 cents to the pan has been
taken out a few feet below the surface. Bedrock has not been reached
yet. The strike is near Canyon City, and every foot of ground that
seems at all likely to bear has been staked out.
The news came down to-day from Dyea of the suicide of J. J. Mc-
Greal. He first made an attempt on March 2S to end his life by taking
poison, but he told of what he had done, and a physician applied a
stomach pum- and saved his life. The next day he went out on the trail
and shot himself dead.
McGreal established the messenger service between Skaguay and
Dyea and was doing well. Lately he had been drinki;.? and playing
roulette, gambling with varying success. He got about $300 ahead and
then lost as much of his own money. Finally he put up $150 which be
longed to one of his customers and lost that. His watch and chain fol
lowed.
Crazed by his losses and ashamed to face his friends, he took a
dose of morphine to end his life. He went to his room in the Palace
Hotel and wrote a letter to the proprietor, telling him where he could
secure some valuables belonging to him to reimburse the man he had
betrayed. A hint as to his intention had been dropped, and friends
hunted him up and saved his life. Determined to finish himself, he went
out on the trail and put a ball through his head, from which he almost
instantly died.
A shootin^ affray Is reported from Skaguay. A victim of gamblers
was taunted by them over his losses, with the result that several
knockdowns occurred, followed by a lively exchange of shots. Two men
were injured, but not seriously.
MUST PAY FOR
THEIR LETTERS
Outrage Perpetrated Upon
Miners at Dyea and
Skaguay.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DTEA. Alaska, March 30.— (8y steam
; schooner Navarro to Seattle, April 6.)—
j The handling of the mails both here
; and at Skaguay is so inefficient as to bt»
j a disgrace to the Postoffice Department.
j Complaints have been made to the de
| partment at Washington ever since the
i trouble began last fall, and the depart
j mem, so far as results are concerned,
I has made very little effort to remedy
the situation.
It is the rule that when a ship brings
in mail, the offices here and at Ska
guay are closed from one to two days
until it is distributed in the boxes and
otherwise. Then it takes from one to
j two days' steady work to hand it out
through the windows to the waiting
hundreds. Men are compelled to stand
in line from one to over four hours
.valting for their turn at the window.
This condition has led to abuses. Car
rier routes have been organized by out
side parties in both Dyea and Skaguay.
These persons charge 10 cents each or
25 cents a week for the delivery of let
ters. The carriers have made an ar
rangement with the postmasters by
which mail is given to them early and
their subscribers get their mail before
the general public.
This is not saying that it is not
worth 10 or 25 cents to have mail de
livered rather than to stand in line, of
ten exposed to stormy weather. Boys
get into the line and when near the
delivery window offer to sell their po
sition for 10, 25 or 50 cents — as large a
sum as they can get. They seldom
THE SAtf FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 1898.
"THAT LIE"
FROM MADRID
Upsets Calculations at
Rome and May Cause
a Check.
Papal Action in Pressing Spain
to Accept the Conditions
of the United States.
Question Whether All the Powers of
Europe Can Induce the Done to
Withdraw From Cuba.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LONDON, April 7.— The Rome corre
spondent of the Daily News describ
ing the origin of the statement that
America sought the Pope's mediation
says: This "lie from Madrid," as they
openly call it in the Vatican, has up
set the calculations of the Pope and
may cause the entire ruin of the good
offices of the Pontiff because of the dis
like among Americans of intervention
by the Pope, not only as the head of
the Catholics, but as a European
Prince, as he wishes to be considered,
his actions thus being opposed to the
Monroe doctrine.
It is supposed that Madrid gave this
version to make it appear that the
United States was backing down be
cause unprepared for war. Papal ac
tion now continues in pressing Spain
to accept the conditions of the United
States, and is working Indirectly for
the spread of the peace spirit in Amer
ica, Even at the Vatican, the inde
pendence of Cuba now seems inevita
ble, with or without war.
Can the Pope and the powers which
join him induce Spain to withdraw
peacefully instead of being driven out?
The possibility or not of concluding an
armistice will be the first step toward
the one or the other solution. The Italia
says that Monslgnor Martlnelll, the
Apostolic delegate at Washington, has
cabled to the Vatican that President
McKinley expressed his best wishes for
the success of the Pope In obtaining an
armistice in Cuba, but the President
considers the question, "one between
Spain and Cuba, while there is a ques
tion between Spain and the United
States, and the two have nothing to do
with each other."
fail to find a taker. Letters, proba
bly misplaced, have often laid in the
office for weeks and months undeliv
ered. The United States soldiers at
Skagoay and Dyea have been called
upon and have assisted in the inside
distribution of mail, but clumsy inex
perience in a postofflce has not been of
great advantage.
A rate war is probable from this end !
of Alaska travel to Puget Sound ports.
The Navarro has initiated a cut rate
of $10 second class and $20 first class ta
Seattle. The opportunity was taken
advantage of by about fifty -assengers,
among whom were several women. Men
turning their backs on the trails are in
a class distinctively alone. They have j
weakened at the hard work in front j
of them and sold their outfits, or they
have lost their money gambling or are
small speculators taking advantage of
the cheap rate to return for <roods. It
is not expected that the cheap rates, if
continued, will induce many to aban
don their trip to the interior at the
present time. It is hardly to be antici
pated that the big steamship compa
nies will meet the rate, as there is not
enough return business beyond the reg
ular travel to Justify it, but small
lines, running one or two vessels, and
tramp crafts will probably meet it.
HAL HOFFMAN.
REPUBLICAN VICTORY
IN RHODE ISLAND.
PROVIDENCE. R. 1., April 6.-The
State election resulted in an overwhelm
ing Republican victory. Neither party
conducted a live competition, the success
of Governor Dyer and his associates be
ing a foregone conclusion. The Socialists-
Labor vote shows a large increase, while
the Prohibitionists beat the Democrats
in several towns p.s usual.
At 12:45 o'clock. 77 out of 105 districts in
the State show for Governor: Dyer, Re
publican. 13,839; Church, Democrat 7116*
Reide. Socialist-Labor, 1688; Lewis, Pro
hibition, 2111.
This includes but four of the sixty-two
Providence districts. The Legislature
will be Republican, assuring the re-elec
tion of Senator Aldrlch. The Democrats
in the two houses will number only about
thirteen, and as no Democratic candidate
for the Senatorial nomination has ap
peared Senator Aldrich may have no op
position.
TESTING NEW
APPARATUS
Cruiser Brooklyn Cleared
for Action During the
Firing.
Commodore Schley and Cap
tain Cook Are Satisfied
With the Results.
Eight-Inch Gun* Do Moat Excellent
Work With the Latest Ele
vating Appliances.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
FORT MONROE, Va., April 7.— The
Brooklyn, flagship of the flying spuad
j ron, tried her 8-lnch guns to-day in
| order to test the new elevating appa- ;
ratus. The test was not made solely |
i to demonstrate the utility of the appa- j
! ratus, but also to see if the turrets, !
. after being so materially changed, ;
j would stand the shock to which they I
! are subjected. The test, which was un- ;
i der the direction of Commodore Schley i
and Captain Cook, was of a most satis- ■
, factory nature and Commodore Schley
i said that the Brooklyn was in the best '
! fighting trim.
At 1 o'clock p. m. the order, "Clear
i ship for action" was given and in thir
\ ty-flve minutes every railing, rope, cap
i stan, anchor, small boat and loose ham
1 per of every kind had been removed,
and the big cruiser stood out grim and
defiant in the sunlight. The guns used
were the forward 8-inch pair and the
firing was under the direction of Lieu-
tenant-Commander Maeon, with Lieu
tenant Rush in command of the turrets.
i Commodore Schley and Captain Cook
stood on the quarter deck to notice the
vibration of the turret, which after
ward was declared to be minimum.
The first shot was sant out with a
service charge of eighty-five pounds of
powder, the gun being elevated only
five degrees. The 200 pound shell left
the muzzle of the gun with a velocity
of 2000 feet a second. It struck the
water two and three-quarter miles
from the ship, sending up a vast col
umn of water. The second shot was
with the full powder charge of 110
pounds and sent the projectile very
nearly four miles putting it in the
water at a speed of 1000 feet a second.
There was no perceptible jarring from
the shot.
Commodore Schley said to-night that
he had not yet received any orders
from Washington.
The New Orleans and the San Fran
cisco have not been assigned to him,
and the dynamite cruiser Vesuvius was
not ordered to his squadron.
WAR FEVER HAS
REACHED HARVARD.'
One Hundred Students Form a Com
pany and Elect Charles Bull of
San Francisco Captain.
BOSTON, April 6.— The war fever has
' reached Harvard. In IStU the wh >!e
| college lent its arms and sympathy
; either to the North or the South. The .
j war broke up all the college routine, ;
| and the men scattered. The spirit of
i patriotism seems in no way to have
diminished since thirty-seven years
I ago, and the college is entering enthu
, siastically Into Lieutenant Robinson's
j scheme. Lieutenant Robinson sent out
notice asking all the men who could to
; come out and drill. Up to to-night over
; 100 men had signed their names and
! signified a wish to join such a com
pany. Regular work will begin on Fri
day," and the men will be drilled three
; times a week, guns will be loaned by
'■ the United States and will arrive on
Friday. If the present enthusiasm
; keeps up Lieutenant Robinson will
; have almost more students than he can
! take care of by the time regular work
i begins.
This afternoon a meeting was held
, In Helmenway Gymnasium xnd Charles
Bull '98 of San Francisco was elected
captain of the company. Bull is a
j popular Varsity oarsman. In the list
i of names already signed are football
I men, oarsmen and others who are
| prominent in college sports.
BECEPTION TO DELEGATES.
; Programme of the Woman's Occi
dental Board of Foreign Missions.
The Woman's Occidental Board of For
eign Missions held a reception yesterday
afternoon in the Presbyterian Mission
Home, from 3 to 5 o'clock, for the pur
pose of receiving and entertaining the
delegates, from the various districts in
the State, to the Silver Jubilee of the Mis
sion. The musical programme included
selections by Mrs. H. L. King, Mrs. E.
A. Sturge and Mrs. H. C. Morrin, fol
lowed by brief but unique exercises by
the Occidental School and by the Chinese
children of the home. The following
' ladies comprised the reception commlt-
I tee.
Mrs. P. D. Browne, Mrs. George Barstow,
Mrs. G. Chown, Mrs. E. V. Robbing, Mrs.
E. Y. Garrette, Mrs. H. B. Smith. Mrs. S.
Minor. Mrs. W. S. Bartlette, Mrs. J. B.
Stewart, Mrs. C. B. Wright, Mrs. Helen Pea
body, Mrs. T. M. Condlt, Mrs. L. A. Kelley,
Mm. H. C. Morris, Mrs. R. K. Coyle, Mrs. D.
W. Horsburgh. Miss Belee Garrette. Mrs. H.
B. Penney, Mrs. C. S. Dennison.
The Drograir.Tie for the remainder of
the sessions is as follows:
Thursday morning session— Praise service,
led liy Mrs. Thompson; greeting, Mrs. H. C.
Minton; response, Mrs. Sherman of Sacramen
to; reports of committee on credentials. Mrs.
F. S. Page. Mrs. Hillard. Mrs. Hughson; com
mittee on hospitality. Mrs. 11. T. Ames, Mrs.
C. P. Hoag; singing by Chinese children; re
ports by the following officers of the boan] :
Mrs. E. G. Dennlston, Mm. C. S. Wright, Mrs.
M. H. Field.
Memorial services— Noontide prayer, Mrs. H.
H. Finch.
Luncheon will b« served during the noon
hour.
Afternoon session— Devotional service, Mrs.
James furry; exercises by Chinese girls; short
talks on "Our Missionaries. 1 by Miss M. E.
Chase, Mrs. James M. Newell. Mrs. Thomas?
Bennett, Mrs. M. M. Harding, Mrs. F. M
Heed, Mrs. E. Phelps Corey, Mrs. M. D. A.
Stcen, Mrs. W. U Donald; address, the Rev.
Alexander M. Carson, I>.D.
The '•Twilight Hour of Prayer" will be con
ducted by Mrs. Burbank and Mrs. W. H. H.
Hamilton.
Evening session— Address by the Rev. Robert
Coyle. D.D.
Friday— Morning session will be a silver jubi
lee service. Jubilee poems, Mrs. M. H. Field
and A. F. Evans: greetings from the Presby
teries of the State will be given by Mrs. W
H. Noble, Benlcla; Mrs. Samuel Minor. Los
Angeles; Mrs. L. T. Hatneld, Sacramento;
Mrs. A. D. Olney. Stockton; Mrs. J. AY. Dins
more, San Jose; Mrs. C. S. Wright. Sail
Francisco; Mrs. E. Y. Garrette, Oakland-
Mrs. L. H. Terr}'. Santa Barbara. Address
by Mrs. F. M. Condit, "A Quarter of a Century
of the Occidental Board;" Mrs. E. V Rob
bins, "Twenty-five Years— The World's Pro
gress;" Mrs. E. Y. Garrette, "Chinese Women
and Children From Heathen Homes." Lunch
eon will be served at noon.
Afternoon session— Addresses by Miss Mln
dora Berry, Mrs. H. B. Smith. Miss Cameron,
Mrs. P. D. Browne, Dr. E. A. Sturge, Mrs
Bur-ness, M. Beattie, Dr. D. C. Sllva and the
Rev T. M. Condlt, D.D.
One more Big Gun Coming.
BOSTON. April 6.— The third of the
twelve-inch disappearing gun carriages
which have been manufactured at the
United States arsenal at Watertown
was dispatched to Fort Wlnfield Scott.
San Francisco, to-day.
LEE TO BE THE
LAST TO LEAVE
Will See That All Ameri
cans Depart From
Havana.
His Cablegram Delaying Inter
vention Approved by Lead
ing Statesmen.
Rumors of Disturbances at the Cuban
Capital Not Confirmed, but Out
breaks Are Threatened.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 6.
The Washington Post's summary of
the situation to be printed to-morrow
morning is as follows:
"The temporary withholding of Pres
ident McKinley's message from Con
gress was due to the receipt of cable
grams from General Fitzhugh Lee, our
Consul-General at Havana, advising
that if the message contemplated arm
ed intervention it be deferred until all
Americans in Cuba could leave the is
land. He stated that the exodus could
be completed by the 10th inst. Mem
bers of the Foreign Affairs committees
of the Senate and House upon being
shown this dispatch promptly concurred
in the opinion of the President and the
Cabinet that the message should be de
layed until next Monday. The utmost
confidence is felt by the administra
tion and Congress in the wisdom and
good Judgment of General Lee in any
emergency. The rumors of disturb
ances in Havana are not confirmed, but
the situation there is extremely threat
ening. Consul-General Lee is still at
his post and will remain there until all
other Americans are safe.
"The President's message has only
been changed in that it will ask Con
gress to authorize and direct Immediate
intervention. Otherwise the message
will stand as heretofore outlined, and
as the Post stated on Tuesday morning
it will be of such vigorous, ringing
character as to meet the full expecta
tions of Congress and the country. It
will 'inevitably mean war.' Hostilities
can only be averted by Spain herself
declaring the independence of Cuba and
yielding her sovereign power over the
island.
"Negotiations with Spain have not
been reopened by the United States and
will not be. The Queen Regent has not
sent a personal message to the Presi
dent, making a new proposal for peace.
With the influence now at work
through foreign diplomatic channels to
bring about a settlement of the diffi
culties between Spain and her rebel
lious subjects in Cuba this Government
has absolutely nothing to do. The ad
ministration and Congress stand
pledged to the freedom of Cuba and
will accept no solution that does not
involve the withdrawal of Spanish
troops from the island and the hauling
down of the Spanish flag.
"The five great powers have not sent
a note jointly to the United States,
counseling against war. Mediation of
any sort has not been offered to this
Government and will not be accepted."
NATIVE SONS ARE
DEEP IN POLITICS
Who Gets the Plums of the
Celebration Committee and
the Grand Parlor.
Two Men Out for tho Committee
Ch«irmnr>»hlp — The Grand
Ora:or Fight.
Next Saturday evening delegates from
the twenty-one parlors of Native Sons
in this city, three from each, will meet
in the Native Sons' building to prepare
for the celebration of Admission day.
The duty of the joint committee is to
arrange for the transportation and ac
commodation of the members of the lo
cal organizations, and its labors are
purely local. There is one important fea
ture, however, the information which its
committee on transportation will get in
regard to rates to and from the probable
location of the celebration of the order.
Thfl favored city will be chosen by the
Grand Parlor, which will meet in Ne
vada City on the 25th inst., and the work
of the joint committee will have a ma
terial bearing on the selection.
Who will be chairman of the commit
tee is a question already arousing con
siderable interest. So far there are two
men in the field— Charles E. Mosher of
Presidio Parlor and W. J. McCreary of
National Parlor. Both men are popular,
and both claim winning strength. Bob
Martland has been secretary of that
committee for several successive years
and he will get it again this year. The
other offices have brought out no candi
dates up to this time. The appointment
of the sub-committees will rest with the
chairman, and so no one can foretell who
will get the plums. From his position as
superintendent of the hall, Martland will
probably be on the press committee, but
who will get the transportation and par
ade committee chairmanships is an open
question.
Politics of the Grand Parlor meeting is
also rife among the parlors, and the rela
tive merits of about fifty candidates are
being argued pro and con. Judge Conley
of Madera, the first vice, will be made
grand president— custom has made that a
certainty. Custom has also made It a rule
that the grand orator shall come from
the ranks of the trustees, but custom will
receive a setback, for David E. Morgan
of Nevada is going to enter the race
against Frank L. Coombs. Coombs is
considered a winner. Frank Sabichl of
Los Angeles is also out for the place,
but he shows but little strength here in
the city, as yet.
There is also said to be a fight on for
outside sentinel, four aspiring sons having
placed themselves in the office-seekers'
row, but the big fight will be over the
oratorship. There are candidates for
trustee galore, but the fight there will
be general.
LINCOLN'S MONUMENT.
Next Memorial Day May Be Made a
Collection Day for the Fund.
There was a meeting of the general
committee of the Lincoln Monument
League held In the Union League Club
room last evening, at which an interest
ing statement of how the league has
;rown was read.
The statement was a report which will
be read at the department encampment of
the Grand Army of the Republic, to be
held in Nevada City this month. It stat
ed that ia thirteen months the league has
secured WOOO subscribers, and it has $24,
i)9B 6S in cash on hand. • Lincoln Day is
celebrated in* the schools of seventeen
States, and there have been three big
mass meetings held under the league aus-
Dices.
Colonel George Stone was appointed
chairman of a committee to present a res
olution to the encampment, asking that
next Memorial Day be set aside for the
aking of collections in all the posts of
this department, for the benefit of the
monument fund.
TROOPS
NOT FOR
DISPLAY
When Ordered Out It Will
Be to Fight, Says
General Miles.
Plans Arranged by the Navy
and War Departments for
the Landing of Men and
Occupation of Cuba.
NEW YORK, April 6.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: "Orders to
concentrate the military forces of the
United States at Chickamauga and
other points in the South will not be
held many days longer. Detached com
mands of the army are ready to move
on receipt of telegraphic orders and
when orders are given it will be for
immediate and decisive operations."
Major General Miles commanding the
army made this reply to-night to ques
tions of mine regarding the status of
military preparations in anticipation of
a declaration of war. I called General
Miles' attention to reports that the
National Guards of various States are
to be called this week for the purpose
of testing their efficiency and making
a display with the regular army for the
benefit of Spain — a military demonstra
tion of the power of the country to
quickly put an immense armed force
in the field.
General Miles declared that such re
ports are absolutely without founda
tion. He said to me: "When the army
moves and the National Guard is called
out it will be for serious business, not
for experiment and display. The idea
of our exploiting our armed strength as
a man puts on a hideous mask thinking
somebody will run away in fear is pre
posterous. The situation is most seri
ous. Both Spain and the United States
are making heroic preparations for war.
There is nothing in the situation to lead
one to think war can be avoided. It is
expected and prepared for, for war is
probably near at hand. The next orders
to troops will be for a general move
ment for active service in the South and
on the coast. They may not be issued
until the effect of the President's mes
sage to Congress on Monday has de
cided our position. Of course if the
situation in the meantime should take
a more serious turn troops would move
immediately."
As previously stated In the Herald,
all the troops east of Denver are fully
prepared to move in any direction at
an hour's notice. The general plans of
the War Department contemplate a
concentration of the greater part of
the regular military force and of Na
tional Guards which may be called out
at Chickamauga Park, Term.
Detachments of t th infantry and
cavalry will be distributed at the prin
cipal sea coast points to support the ar
tillery against hostile landing parties.
Troops at the general rendezvous will
undergo a constant and thorough drill
in tactics, and from the concentrated
force will be selected regiments con
sidered the best adapted to do effective
work in Cuba, All regular troops are
fitted for this service barring only
their liability to become incapacitated
by the climate and disease of Cuba.
National Guards will be subjected to
thorough inspections to determine their
varying degrees of efficiency. As many
trained colored troops as possible, both
regulars and militia, 'will be utilized on
account of the immunity from evil ef
fects of the Cuban climate.
When the picked troops have been
finally selected and drilled as a homo
geneous organization the plans for the
reduction of Havana will be quickly
carried into effect. From fifty thousand
to sixty thousand troops, in transports
that will be ready to receive them at
gulf ports selected for points of em
barkation, will cross the gulf under
convoy of battleships and cruisers now
in the vicinity c f Key West. It will rest
with the military and naval authorities
to select a port of embarkation accord
ing to conditions existing at the time
the expedition is ready. The choice will
He between Tampa. Pensacola and Mo
bile. A comprehensive plan of cam
paign against Ha .ana has been pre
pared. Its details are necessarily
guarded with the greatest secrecy. In
general it contemplates a naval block
ade of Havana and land siege by
United States troops which will take
station In the rear of the city. Several
batteries of field artillery will be en
trenched in a commanding position,
supported by infantry and cavalry.
Provisions ample to support the troops
for many weeks will have been trans
ported and communication with Key-
West and Tampa will be established
with dispatch boats. Should the Span
ish fortifications and military force at
Matanzas be sufficient to be a menace
to the conduct of the siege of Havana
the former city will be taken care of
in the general plan in advance of the
main movement upon Havana, Co
operation by Cuban insurgents is an
ticipated, but is not relied upon as a
necessary element in the situation.
GRjfiAT COURSING PROMISED.
Dogs That Will Course at Union Park
— May Day Challenge Stake.
The drawing for Saturday and Sunday's
meeting at Union Coursing Park took
place last evening, and resulted as fol
lows:
All-aged, forty-elpht entries— S. .W. Smith's
Sans Souci vs. Pasha Kennel's Alameda; J. J.
Edmonds' Forget vs. J. Sullivr.n's Kilkenny
Olrl; M. Nealon's Van Knapp vs. B. Dough
erty's Tessie Fair; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan vs.
Seller & Weil's Sharkey; H. Mullin's Black
Pete vp. Al Austin's Douglas; R. E. de Lopez's
Green Valley Maid vs. M. Nealon's Van Cloie;
P. J. Rush's Van Nlda vs. W. Murphy's AnajSl
hoe; W. C. Glasson's Terrona vs. Pasha Ken
nel's Santa Alicin; R. B. Kay's Chit Chat vs.
R. de Lopez's Carmen: J. J. Edmonci3' Vida
Shaw vs. R. de Lopez'.s Camilla: J. J. War
ren's Sweet Lips vs. Dr. A. J. Baldwin's Ben
B; E. J. Hf any's Harkaway II vs. CurUs &
Son's Chartist: G. Whitney's Theron vs. Seller
& Weil's Port Costa Lass; W. C. Glassun's
Magic vs. J. McDermott's Lady Harkaway; E.
V. Sullivan's Electric vs. W. AI. O'Nell's
Promise Me; F. Murphy's Lady Grace vs. F.
P. Courtney"s The Turk; J. J. Edmonds' Mm§
On vs. Pasha Kennel's Gilt Edge; Simmons 9
Donohue's Moore's Prescription vs. E. SeotfS
Lady Byron; Simmons & Donohue's Amorlt*
vs. Larkey & Kirk's Hercules: J. Secgerson'a
White Chief vs. Hlnchman & Sloan's Gannon
Pasha: R. B. Kay's Eclipse vs. Custls & Son'»
Commodore; McGlade & O'Connell's Marcell*
vs. D. J. Healy's Rusty Gold; E. V. Sullivan*
Royal Buck vs. A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty:
Pasha Kennel's Rey Alfonso vs. E. V. Sulli
van's Flying Buck.
Special prizes, $20, two $10 and $5. The stale*
prizes are $220, $100, J6O, $30, next six $16 each.
next twelve $5 each.
Puppy stake, prizes $80, $30, $16, $16, next
four $7 50 each; total, $140— B. Dougherty" ■
Palmer Hill vs. B. V. Sullivan's War Cloud:
R. de Lopez's Arrow vs. F. Keenan's Royal
Oak; R. de Lopez's Quiver vs. D. J. Healy'a
Pastime; C. Strehl's Star Pointer vs. M. Mur
phy's Dempsey Lass; J. F. Wehmyer's Sun
beam vs. D. Ford's P,onlta; Winders & Gerder's
Gold Buck v*. E. V. Sullivan's Flying Faster;
O. H. Hoag Jr.'s Obediah vs. Larkey & Rock's
Minerva: D. Ford's Handy Andy vs. Larkey 6
Rock's Liberty Bell.
The Ingleside Coursing Park will give a
Mayday championship challenge class
stake, open to twenty-four dogs, repre
senting any park or any part of the Pa
cific Cdast. Entrance $10, with $600 added
money. This will be one of the great
features of tne year in coursing, as dogs
from Los Angeles, Sacramento and Col
orado will contest in this great stake.
The championship stake means best two
out of three courses. The winners of th«
first run down will meet a second time,
again to contest or course for the finals.
The dividing of the money will be option
al with the nominators.
ENTHUSIASTIC VETERANS.
A Post of the Grand Army Adopts a
Patriotic Resolution.
At the last held meeting of James A.
Garfleld Post, G. A. R., at which ther«
was a large attendance, tho following
resolution offered by E. S. Solomon was
unanimously adopted:
In view of the impending crisis In the United
States It becomes every loyal American to
stand by "Our Country and Our Flag," and
while we know and feel that this will be the
solo prevailing sentiment of all our people,
north, east, south and west, we deem It most
appropriate for the members of the Grand
Army of the Republic to b« among the first la
the land to offer their loyal support to the
Government of the United States in case of
war; therefore, be it
Resolved. By James A. Garfield Post No. 34,
G. A. R., that we request the department com
mander of the Department of California and
Nevada to immediately call a meeting of the
post commanders of the different posts of this
city for the purpose of making arrangements
for a mass meeting of all loyal citizens of
the city under the auspices of the G. A. R. for
ratification and indorsement of the action of
the executive and Congress in case of a decla
ration of war.
Resolved. That a copy of these resolutions b«
at once transmitted to headquarters of the
department.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LADTJE-YUKON
TRANSPORTATION CO.
"GOLD PICK LINE"
FOR
COPPER RIVER, JUNEAU,
SKAGUAY, DYEA, via
SEATTLE,
The Fast, Elegant and Completely Refnmishe4
"MORGAN CITY,"
Capacity 700 Passengers and 2600 Tom ofr
Freight, will sail from San Francisco
(on her arrival from New York)
ON OR ABOUT APRIL 10
Ana take the outside passage for Jnneaa, theaoe to
Skaguav. Dyea and Copper Hirer.
In this way the dangers of the inside pas-
sage will be avoided. The "Morgan City la
one of the finest Steamers afloat, lighted by-
electricity, elegant accommodations, ladles'
boudoirs, special cabins, grund salon, social
hall, smoking rooms and buffet. Large number
of handsomely equipped bathrooms furnished
with porcelain bath tubs, steam heat, 20,000
candle power searchlights. The best table will
be served on the "Morgan City" of any
steamer on this coast. This Beautiful Steamer
will later on run between San Francisco and
St. Michael. For freight and passage apply to
JOHNSON-LOCKS MERCANTILE 00. j
Passenger Office -803 Market St., Ban Francises ;
Or JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO.,
Mutual Life Bnilding, Seattle.
No Money Required Till You Are Cored,
Dr. Meyers & Co., T3l Market street, have
1 such faith In their methods and remedies that
| they do not ask for a dollar until the pa-
i tlent is cured or restored, as the case may b«.
CONSUTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
It is well worth your time to see or write th.
1 doctors, whether you want to take the treat-
( nient or not. A friendly talk or a confidential
! letter will result in great good In any event.
j Private book for men sent sealed to any ad-
! dress free. .___
: LOST VITALITY AND WASTING WEAKNESS.
If you have a weakness that is robbing you
I of health, strength, happiness, pleasure, man-
I hood, consult the physicians of Dr. Meyers &
Co.'s Institute. They can restore your lost
strength and vitality and s=top those fearful
ilrains. They will make a perfect man of you.
I The restoration will be not only perfect and
! speedy, but permanent as well.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
Specialists for Men of the
ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
731 MARKET STREET.
Hours, S-5; Evenings, 7-S; Sundays, 9-11.
34
MET JARVIS'
PARTY NEAR
CAPE HOPE
Tilton and His Men
Supplied With
Provisions.
Relief Expedition Guide
Sent to Lead Them
Southward.
Evidence That the Mission of
the Bear's Crew Has Been
Accomplished.
HAS SAVED THE WHALERS
Third Officer of the Belvidere the
Bearer of Reassuring
News.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, April 6.— G. F. Tilton, J
third officer of the whaler ship Belve- j
dere, now frozen in northern waters
rear Point Barrow, arrived in Portland
to-day on the steamship Albion. He ]
Bays he has eighteen typewritten pages
of h!s ship's log, which were copied for j
him by a friend at St. Michael, but he j
Is imbued with the idea that his story
is worth a fortune and will say very j
little about his trip. However, he de- |
nies the report that he knows anything
about Andree. His story merely re
lates to the Bufferings of his fellow
seamen and the condition of the fleet \
■when he left it. He came down from
the ship with dogs, and, when asked
what became of them, two big tears
sprang to his eyes as he said:
"They froze to death. "
W'nh Tilton were K. Klotchoff. guide
of the expedition under Lieutenant Jar- j
vis that was sent on the revenue cutter j
Bear last fall to rescue the whalers, and
two natives, a man and a woman, who
came from Northwestern Alaska with ■
Tilton and Klotchoff. The men could
not keep their mouths wholly closed
on their voyage down, which occupied
ten days, and to the officers of the j
Fhip and to passengers they dropped j
remarks that gave some indication of j
their mission.
It whs about the middle of October
that Tilton left his ship with the best
equipment he could get and started
alone to travel nut overland from the
Icebound whaling fleet in the Arctic
Ocean. His object was to reach St.
Michael, about GOO miles southwesterly.
He picked up the native couple to assist
him on the trip, and very important
service was rendered by them.
After being out several weeks they
happened to run across the party s^nt
by the Government to rescue thewhal
ers. That meeting is understood to
have been much nearer Cape Hope
than Point Barrow, which indicated
that the routo traversed was governed
5n some degree by the coast line rather
than being across the country. The re
lief party gave Tilton what "he needed
In th>? way of supplies for keeping com
fortable in that region, and. as he had
no knowledge of the interior and could
make better time by cuting across
country, one of the guides of the expe
dition was assigned to accompany him
and his Indian couple. Tilton intimates
that tho mighty import of the message
he bore would not Detroit him to return
■with the relief expedition to his ship
Th" party got through to Ft. Michael
In safety, after a trip of about flve
months. From there they managed to
catch a vessel that took them to Ka
diac Island, 100 miles south of Cooks
Inlet.
■ A little schooner carried the party
from Kadiac Island to Port Etches
about f.<rty miles this side of Port Val
dos, where they arrived in time to
board tho steamship Albion, which ran
In there for water. They boarded the
Albion on March 25 and came through
Tvith her. B
SALE OF DIRECTOR
AND RED WILKES
Two Famous Stallions Disposed Of
at the Cloverdale Stock
Farm.
PHILADELPHIA. April 6.— The great
Ptalllons Director and Red Wilkes were
Bold nt auction to-day on the Clovordale
etock fnrm of the late Andrew H. Moore
at ("olmar. Pa. Director, for whom Mr.
Moore is said to have paid $75,000. brought
only $1273 and was purchased by Robert
McAfee of Allegheny, representing the
Locust Grove stock farm of Newcastle,
Pa. Red Wilkes was bought by William
C. Hendrickson. proprietor of the Belle
meade stock farm of Bellejneade. K. J.,
for the small sum of $000. Director Moore,
4 year? old. half brother of Nancy Hanks
whs sold for $1225 to T. M. Wilson of
Reading, I'a.
Director is one of the finest-bred trot
trrs in the world, but he is 21 years of
age and his future usefulness in "the stud
Is problematic. Red Wilkes Is 24 years
old. He is the sin* of 139 horses in the
trotting list, including fourteen that have
trotted a mile undor 2:15.
Among the other thoroughbreds sold
to-day wore: Mudrona. record 226 t.>
James Butler. East View, N. J.. for $1250-
Marpraret S. 2:12' v . to \V. H. Achuff. Phil
adelphia, $1060; a yearling half brother to
Nancy Hanks to r. Duryc-a. Lexington,
Ky.. for |
The farm of ZiO acres, with buildings,
v us ofr. md for sale, but was withdrawn
only $29,0u0 being bid for it.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Tom Collins Wins the Climax Stakes
at Nashville.
NASHVILLE, Term.. April 6.— Four and a.
half furlongs- Grace Darling won. Miss Trlx
second, Miss Meade third. Time. 1:0114.
Four ' furlongs— Satin Slipper won. Dolly
Urgent second, Romany Rawny third. ' Time
:S3*.
Climax Stakes, one mile— Tom Collins won,
CMftondale second. Lady of the West third'
Time, 1:504.
Six furlongs, selling— GaJgo won. Terranet
second. lVnial third. Time. l:! 0.
One mtle. selling — Jim Floo.l won. Lucky
Monday second. Bill Dawdy third. Time. 1:43.
Six furlongs, selling— Jim Lisle won, Little
Ocean »■■•> end. Pop Dlxon third. Time, l:2o>*
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. April 6— Six furlongs
selling— Whirlaway won. Minnie Weldon sec
ond. Lady Britannic third. Time. 1:13.
Four furlongs— Palarm won. Kour Leaf C sec
ond, O'Kmma third. Time, :01V
Five furlongs, selling— Spanish Princess wen,
Wnlford second. Achieve third. Time, 1.03>,.
Capitol Hotel Stakes, four furlongs— Deering
won. Katie Ullbcns second. Eleven Slipuer
third. Time, :50<*.
Handicap, one mile— Paul Kauvar won. As
signee leeOßd. Banquo II third. Time. l:44'j.
Six furlongs, selling— Nicholas won, Jane sec
ond, Tony Honing third. Time, 1:13.
Califomians in New York.
NEW YORK, April 6.— E. Marx of San
Francisco is at the Stuart House. Sidney
Lelter ar.d S. Lieres of Son Francisco are
at the "\ endome.
SETTLERS FLEE
FROM THE BASE
OF ST. HELENS
Smoke and Sulphurous Gases
Pouring From the Crater
in Greater Volume.
TACOMA, April 6.— Smoke and sulphurous gases are pouring from one
crater and the great crack on the north side of Mount St. Helens, sit
uated eighty miles southeast of this city. They were observed yes
terday morning by ranchers living on the north and west sides of the
mountain. For four hours before clouds obscured their vision dark
smoke was seen rising in great volumes, bearing evidence of probably
greater eruptions to follow. A southwest wind blew the smoke to the
northeast toward Mount Tacoma.
Yesterday afternoon settlers began arriving at Castle Rock, bring
ing reports of the eruption. Some of them came within fifteen
miles of the mountain's base, where smoke was seen as plainly as
though coming from some great chimney near by. The odor of sul
phurous fumes was in the atmosphere. At noon yesterday clouds
came up and the smoke could be seen no longer.
Reports from Castle Rock this evening state that it has been cloudy
all day. More settlers have reached there and others are going to To
ledo, on Cowlitz River. They will remain in these towns for a few days
at least, being fearful of violent seismic disturbances or showers of
ashes which would cover their farms. Castle Rock is thirty miles
west of Mount St. Helens.
St. Helens has long been known as the most violent of the sup
posedly extinct volcanoes in the Cascade Range. Its Indian name is
"Lah-Me-Lat-Cla," meaning "Fire Mountain." Indians are living who
have seen fire and lava issuing from its craters. All Northwestern
Indians are afraid of it, and, excepting Chief George Leschl, who as
cended it five years ago, they cannot be persuaded to go within fif
teen miles of it. Indians on the south side of the mountain who saw
yesterday's smoke are reputed to be moving down into Klickitat
County.
In 1543 and 1854 St. Helens threw clouds of ashes to The Dalles, fifty
miles away. It broke into eruption on November 23. 1843, burning until
February 16, 1544. Dense masses of smoke rose from the craters and
at night the mountain's top was brilliantly illuminated. This pro
gramme was repeated for several days early in 1854. In August, IS3I,
ash clouds thrown out made the day as dark as night for forty miles
around, except for a slightly lurid appearance. The atmosphere was
filled with ashes for days after, and fires out of doors burned with a
bluish flame, as though mixed with sulphur. When the ash clouds
cleared away the snow on the mountain sides was found to be brown
with ashes. At that time lava was emitted.
St. Helens is 9750 feet high. Its two craters are on the north side,
2000 feet below the summit. Near them Is a huge fissure, through which
came part of the smoke of yesterday.
ATTACKED HIM
WITH AN AX
Sensational Allegations in
a San Rafael Divorce
Suit.
George W. McMillan Tells of
Alleged Cruelties of His
Wife.
An Unhappy Husband, Who Dodged
a Clock Sent Flying Toward
H:s Head.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL, April 6.— ln a com
plaint for divorce filed to-day in County
Clerk Thomas S. Bonneau's office by
George W, McMillan against Annie J.
McMillan, a story of domestic troubles
of a strange character is revealed. The
plaintiff, George W. McMillan, was, un
til a few days ago, the proprietor of a
San Rafael photographic gallery. Mi 3.
McMiiian Is connected with one of San
Francisco's best families.
The couple were married in Oregon
about twelve years ago and have two
children. Their wedded bliss was brief.
As weeks grew into months and months
into years a change came and Mr. and
Mrs. McMillan frequently quarreled.
The husband accused the wife of being
unfaithful. She, the complaint alleges,
would display an uncontrollable temper
and proceed to demolish everything
within sight. Furniture, crockery,
glass and even the clocks were use-1
as weapons and after the scene was
over the wreckage would lie about in
heaps upon the floor.
One scene is described by McMillan
to support his allegations of cruelty.
He alleges that while engaged in taking
a flash-light picture at one time he ro
ceived severe burns and when his wife
saw him in his suffering condition she
added to his woes by throwing a clock
at his head and threatening to kill him.
Not satisfied with this display she at
tempted to pour coal oil over his bod
and apply a match for the purpose o"
burning him.
From bad to worse the domestic
troubles of the photographer and his
wife went until in March, 1597, the wife
started in to wreck his place of busi
ness, and when he interfered she
turned about and assaulted him. In
February of the present year, so the
complaint alleges, Mrs. McMillan made
another attempt to wreck the photo
graph gallery, and succeeded in smash
ing a huge glass picture frame.
On March 15. 189S, Mrs. McMillan
changed her tactics, and instead of her
fists as a weapon she procured an ax
and made threats to use it upon her
husband. On the following day she
carried out her threats by wielding the
ax in an artistic manner, wrecking
everything in reach. The blade of the
ax made inroads upon the furniture,
and she proceeded to chop the bedstead
into splinters, finally ending up by
making an assault upon the mattress
with the ax.
Upon this showing the photographer
has applied to the Superior Court for
a decree of divorce. The summons in
the case was served and filed to-day,
insuring a prompt trial.
FORCED TO THE WALL.
The praln firm of Jonas Erlanger & Co..
doing business at 308 Davis street, has
failed through speculation In various
forms. The direct cause of the failure
was the sale and purchase of several
grain contracts by the caller yesterday,
under the rules of the Produce Exchange
Call Board Association. Erlanger, who,
despite the "C 0.." is the only member of
the firm, happened to be on the wrong
side of the deal and was forced to the
wall.
Mr. Erlanger stated last evening that
his indebtedness is only to two men, who
have perfect confidence In him and would
be willing to cancel the indebtednesss if
the debtor were willing.
"I have been In the business for six
years." said Erlanger, "and my lntegrity
is well known. This is the first time I
have been embarrassed financially. I may
find to-morrow that I shall be able to
pay all I owe. and I may find that I
shall be able to pay only a part. J shall
do the best I can. It just happened that
I was on the wrong side of the specula
tive deal and happened to get 'cinched.'
I do not care to say until to-morrow how
much 1 owe or wbo axe my creditors."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 1898
FILL OF RAIN
REVIV ES CROPS
Welcome Showers Fall
Throughout Central
California.
San Joaquin Valley Spared
From a Total Grain
Failure.
Beet Fields Around Suisun Greatly
Benefitea by the Down
pour,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SUISUX, April 6.-The long-looked
j for rain came last night and up to 10
i o'clock this morning .40 of an inch had
i fallen at Suisun. Ordinarily this would
: not be considered of much consequence,
I but at this time it was sufficient to
cause the fears of farmers to be allayed.
; With occasional showers from this time
I on fair crops of grain will be assured
| in most sections of Solano County. On
I some ranches, however, the rain came
! too late to be of any benefit. This is
particularly the case along the southern
portions of the Montezuma hills, where
a failure of grain crops has heretofore
been almost unknown. In the central
portion of this farming district the
prospects indicate that there will be a
fair crop if occasional showers occur
during the remainder of this month.
The rainfall there last night was .34 of
an inch.
Rain came in the right time for sugar
beets, about 500 acres having been
planted in this vicinity during the past
two weeks. The showers of last Satur
day caused the seed to sprout and, the
rains of the past twenty-four hours will
give the beets a good start.
Fruit prospects in Suisun Valley are
much better than was anticipated just
after the recent severe frosts. While
It is true that great damage resulted
to both the apricot and almond
crops, it was not as bad as was at first
feared. A careful Inspection of the val
ley shows that instead of apricots be
inp- a total failure, there will be about
a sixth of the crop on an average,
while in orchards in the elevated parts
of the valley present indications point
to full crops. While some damage re
sulted to other varieties of fruit it is
thought the yield this year will be up
to the average of former years. Tak
ing It as a -whole, with the exception of
those whose entire orchards are de
voted almost entirely to apricots and
almonds (and these are decidedly few)
the prospects for remunerative returns
are excedingly goou at the present
time.
MARYSVILLE, April 6.— The un
easinpss resulting from the long dry
spell and the inroad upon crops by hot
north winds was relieved last night
when there was a precipitation of .34
of an inch. To-day nearly as much
more fell in showers. Owners of pas
ture land, where Southern California
stock has been placed, are jubilant
SANTA BARBARA, April 6— Owing
to the want of pasturage in this coun
ty, due to lack of rainfall, stockmen
are sending their stock to other sec
tions for pasturage. J. C. Wilson will
send 200 horses to Inyo- County. Su
pervisor de la Cuesta of Santa Ynez in
tends transporting his stock to San
Bernardino County, where he has se
cured 500 acres of irrigated pasture
land.
STOCKTON. April 6.— The rainfall
here early this morning was .25 of an
inch, making the total for the season
6.03 inches, against 12.71 inches at this
time last year. The shower was very
beneficial to all sections of this county
and in the northern end of the county
the fall was much heavier. There the
crops are in fine condition and will
yield well. San Joaquln County will
have considerable grain from the east
ern section, and along the Mokelumne
River there will be large cr^s. Some
of the reclaimed lands also will pro
duce good crops.
AUBURN. April 6.— Half an inch of
rain fell last night, with occasional
showers throughout the day. It proved
a blessing to farmers, as grain was be
ginning to turn yellow from the north
ern winds and the continued dryness.
SANTA CRUZ, April 6.— There was a
heavy shower of rain here last night.
HILL GOES
SMILING TO
HIS DEATH
Murder of His Wife
Avenged at San
Quentin.
Bravely the Condemned
Man Mounts the
Gallows.
Admits His Guilt and Hopes for
a Pardon After This
Life.
NOT A TRACE OF FEAR.
Delivers a Brief Speech in Which He
Tells of His Conversion in
Prison.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, April 6.—
Wearing pinned to the lapel of his coat
a tiny sprig of geranium taken from a
bunch of flowers sent to him yesterday
by his boy, Benjamin L. Hill, the cool
est and bravest man who has ever suf
fered death upon the San Quentin gal
lows, was executed this morning at
10:33 o'clock, in the presence of a small
party, compose^ for the most part of
newspaper men and prison officials.
Ten minutes after the trap door was
sprung and Hill shot into eternity the
doctors pronounced life extinct and the
corpse was cut down, lowered into a
coffin and sent to his relatives.
Hill's neck was broken immediately
and but three respirations were re
corded. His pulse after five minutes
became too faint to be perceptible and
exactly ten minutes after the drop his
heart ceased to beat.
Hill's last hours were in no way out I
of the ordinary. He retired at about 11 j
o'clock last night and slept five hours.
Arising at an early hour he sat at the
table in the death chamber and wrote
a number of letters to frier Is and rela
tives. Not once id he exhibit a trace
of fear. During the morning he was
visited by Chapiain Drahms and Staff
Captain George Keid of the Salvation
Army. The ministers were with the
condemned man when Warden Hale en
tered the death chamber to read the i
death warrant. Hill waived this for- (
mality and after bidding him good-by I
Warden Hale withdrew from the cham- '
ber and the prisoner was prepared for j
the gallows.
His arms were strapped to his sides
and at 10:30 the procession started for .
the execution chamber. Chaplain ■
Drahms led the way, closely followed
by Captain Keid. Hill walked behind
them, between Amos Lunt, the hang- I
man, and Guard Jvjnes of the deith
watch. Guard Abrogast brought up the j
rear. There was not a sign of timidity I
on the part of Hill. His face was kindly j
and almost smiling.
Warden Hale announced that Hill i
had a few words to say and the con- j
demned man stepped forward and fac- i
ing the spectators spoke in a low tone.
Said he:
"I testify to-day to the great saving !
and healing power of Jesus Christ. I :
have been a great sinner, but, praise j
the Lord. I have a great Savior. I
am about to suffer for my crime just
ly. 1 am guilty. This has caused me
great sorrow, but I have placed my
dependence in Jesus' hands and I am j
satisfied. He helps us in all circum- j
stances. For a year and a half I have
been in almost solitary confinement and j
he has kept me. I recommend you all
to Jesus. I am this minute satisfied.
As soon as I leave this body I will be
with Jesus. He is a great Savior."
As he finished, a smile overspread
his features and he stepped back onto ■
the trap. Amos Lunt placed the rope j
around his neck and Hill leaned over,
and before the blackcap was drawn
over his head kissed the cheek of Chap
lain Drahms. The chaplain held one
of Hill's hands while Captain Reid held
the other. The rope was drawn tight
and the signal given.
Through the trap the body shot and
Hill had paid the penalty. Not a move
ment was perceptible.
Hill's crime was committed on a
street of Oakland on January 11, 1596,
when he shot his wife in cold blood
after she had confessed infidelity. He
was tried and convicted and sentenced
to be hanged. Appeals were taken and
the Governor was asked to interfere,
but while delays owing to legal pro
ceedings were obtained, Hill has fin
ally died upon the scaffold and satis
fled the demands of the law.
Born in Wisconsin, he was 37 years
old, strong, healthy and stout, weigh
ing about 200 pounds. After his con
finement in Murderer's Row he evinced
a great interest in religion and among
the murderers condemned to die he
organized a Bible class, probably the
strangest one of its kind that ever ex
isted. When Hill was brought to trial
he set up the plea of insanity, but was
duly convicted of murder.
His friends waged a gallant fight for
his life and great influence was brought
to bear on the Governor to commute
his sentence to life imprisonment.
TO AID PBINTERS.
Carpenters' District Council Offers a
Helping Hand to the Strikers.
At a meeting of the Carpenters 1 Dis
trict Council last night it was unani
mously decided that the heartiest sympa
thy be extended the printers in their
struggle for a nine-hour day, and that
the Council would aid the cause in any
and every way within its power. The
District Council is a central body in
which all the Carpenters' Unions in the
city are represented, and its support will
undoubtedly be of great assistance to the
strikers.
An effort will be made to increase the
membership of the Carpenters' Unions
and increase enthusiasm as much as pos
sible. To further this the District Coun
cil is planning to hold a series of weekly
meetings open to all carpenters, where
trade matters will be freely discussed
and the value of a working card from the
Building Trades Council particularly em
phasized. While there has been no no
ticeable falling off, the unions have not
grown as rapidly as has been desired, and
it will be the object of these meetings
not only to bring in outsiders, but to
awaken members to a fuller realization
of their duty.
Francis Cutting Springs a Leak.
The steamer Francis Cutting of the
North American Commercial Company,
which runs between San Francisco and
Alaskan ports, sprung a leak at the Val
lejo-street wharf, where she is tied up,
about 10 o'clock last night. The tug
Active lay by to render any assistance
in case it should be needed. The Francis
Cutting has been all the winter in Oak
land Creek and has just come out of dry
dock. The leak is thpught to be due to
some defective pipe in her boiler-room.
INVENTS LIES
JUST TO PROVE
THEM FALSE
Boss Rea of San Jose Hits
Upon a New Form
of Slander.
Tries to Injure a Candidate by
Accusing Him of Remarks
Which Were Never
Uttered.
SAN JOSE, April 6.— "Jim" Rea made use of the City Board of Educa
tion to-day in an attempt to injure one of the candidates on the New Char
ter Club ticket. Pie first caused a f^lse report to be spread that W. E.
Crossman, the Charter Club candidate for Councilman in the First Ward,
had stated at one of the tent meetings held by the Charter Club in the Sec
ond Ward that the school teachers, as well as other employes of the city,
were compelled to pay an assessment of $12 50 a month each for political
purposes. Utilizing this report, Rea caused a special meeting of the Board of
Education to be held. Instead of undertaking to make an investigation of
this startling report, and without even an attempt to examine Mr. Cross
man, the Board of Education proceeded to adopt the following remarkable
resolution:
Whereas, It has come to the Board of Trustees of the public
schools of the city of San Jose that it has been openly stated that
certain politicians of the city of San Jose had levied and demanded an as
sessment from the teachers of the public schools, to sustain the municipal
ticket supported by such politicians, or else lose their positions, and that
euch rumors are spread over the city and openly asserted by W. E. Cross
man, a candidate for Councilman upon what is known as the Charter Club
ticket, and such rumors, whether true or false, tending to the injury of the
public schools of this city; now, therefore, be it
Resolved, That we, the Trustees of the School Department of the city
of San Jose, offer a reward of $500 to any person who shall furnish to this
board reliable information of any teacner who has ever paid to any one
In the city of San Jose any sum of money whatever to obtain his or her
position, or to retain same, or who has ever been approached by any
one to pay an assessment for political purposes at this or any otuer mu
nicipal election during the term of any officer 01 the present board or for
the past four years.
E. H. WEMPLE, President. M. J. GRAHAM.
J. R. O'BRIEi.. CHARLES KENYON.
In an interview published in the News, the afternoon "gang" organ,
Charles Kenyon, a member of the Board of Education, had this to say of the
affair:
'•I don't think it was necessary for the Board of Education to take any
action upon a mere campaign romance, but I have had a score of messages
by telephone this morning from the teachers in the various grades of the
schools, who are anxious that the statement should be either substantiated
or denied; they declare that they are all under a cloud until the matter is
cleared. It is for this reason that the board decided to hold a meeting this
afternoon and take up the matter."
W. E. Crussman, when his attention was called to the article in the
News and the action of the board, made the following statement:
"There is not one word of truth in the entire article. I never made any
statement either at the meeting held in the Second Ward, or at any other
time, that any fund was being raised by teachers in this city. What I did
say was that a friend of mine, a business man whom I had every reason to
believe, said to me that a lady teacher came to him and asked him to vote
for eight men of the appointing board as a personal favor to her. As an
argument she stated to him that in case the Charter Club nominees of the
appointing board were elected she would lose her position.
"I then continued my speech by saying that at no time, In a meeting of
the Charter Club, or of the members of the Charter Club, or of gentlemen
who had been selected as candiates for the apnointing board by the
Charter Club, had any Euch proposition been spoken of — that is the
dropping of any teacher or any employe of the city who was compe
tent to fulfill his or her duties to the city. Further than that, it has been
the expressed wish of every candidate of the New Charter Club that every
faithful employe of the city be retained in his position, no matter how that
position was obtained, or through whom.
"I stated further at that meeting that if the citizens oi this city would
elect the candidates of the New Charter Club no employe of the city would
in future be held up and be obliged to do homage to any human being.
"The Evening News, which published the false statement this afternoon,
did not even take the trouble to send to me to inquire whether it was
truthful or not, and has thus shown by its attack upon me its entire sub
serviency to the 'gang' and to the disreputable policy pursued by those peo
ple in their efforts to again secure control of the city government of San
Jose."
On being asked if he could name the men whom the school teacher
wished his friend to vote for as members of the appointing board Mr.
Grossman replied that he could, and ga\'e the following as the names of
those whom the teacher had evidently been instructed by the "gang" to
work for: P. P. Austin, A. G. Bennett, H. Booksin Sr., Rush McComas, J.
K. Secord, Francis E. Spencer, Frank Stock and C. D. Wright. It will be
noted that this confirms the statement published in The Call on Tuesday
to the effect that the "gang" has decided to sacrifice six of its candidates
nominated for the appointing board. Those who are to get the knife In their
back at the hands of the "gang" are Milton Campbell, E. ,E. Chase, A. G.
Col, H. J. Fikes, D. Hatman and John Leffler.
It is such dastardly methods as that described in the foregoing that have
brought the "gang" into general detestation and the city of San Jose into
disrepute. There is but one way to eradicate these men and with them
their methods; it is by the election of the Charter Club ticket from Mayor
to the last member of the appointing board.
In the present contest for good government the people of San Jose are
making a final and decisive test of the momentous question: Shall San
Jose be governed by the "gang" and permeated with corruption, or shall
it be governed by the people honestly and economically?
This is no campaign merely for office and for spoils. It is a war be
tween corrupt forces and those that stand for honesty, decency, progress and
prosperity.
Never before have the anti-gang people been so thoroughly united, so
amply equipped with the ammunition of political warfare, so completely
organized, so enthusiastic and so energetic. In no previous campaign has
the outlook for success been so promising. The period of education during
this campaign has been a long one &nd every salient fact showing where
corruption lies, who is responsible for it and what the effect of its exist
ence has been on San Jose, its people and its interests have been fully stat
ed in the columns of The Call. Whoever has desired to become posted on
the actual conditions has been given every facility to do so.
No attempt has been made on the part of the "gang," either through
its local organ or by means of its adherents, to deny these important facts:
That the city government of San Jose is infested by a horde of corrupt
taxeaters; that these vampires on the body politic hold their positions
through the influence and efforts oof Boss Kea and his gang; that they
are absolutely under control of the boss; that they have fattened their
purses at the expense of the taxpayer; that this has caused a high tax
rate and an unfairly high valuation of assessable property; that by reason
of these last mentioned facts capital and population have been deterred
from coming to this city, and that in consequence stagnation, if not retro
gression, has resulted.
In the face of these undeniable and undenied facts the boss and his
"gang," who alone are responsible for all the evils in public affairs of which
the people complain, have had the temerity to. concoct in star-chamber and
offer to the people a complete ticket o2 candidates for city offices. This
ticket they have masked with the name of "People's Municipal Ticket." On
that ticket, it is true, are the names of several men who stand high in this
community as men of ability and integrity. But their selection is but the
result of tactics adopted by all corrupt political bosses when the people
have been aroused to action. The political hook is concealed with the most
tempting bait obtainable. Despite the individual standing of some of the
men on the "gang" ticket, it is a fact, nevertheless, that every candidate on
that ticket can be shown to be under obligation, either directly or indirect
ly, to the political boss of this city and of this county, and to be, therefore,
under his control. No man on that ticket, if elected, but will be amenable
to the orders or influence of "Jim" Rea.
As has been before stated, this is not a campaign of candidates. The
issue is in no sense a personal one. It is a campaign of principle to decide
whether the "gang" shall be allowed to remain in power or whether it shall
be defeated and San Jose released from the thralldom of bossism.
If the people desire to achieve victory — to obtain honest government,
economical administration, low taxes, enhancement of property values, in
creased capital, population and prosperity — they must vote for the entire
Charter Club ticket, at whose head stands the name of Sanford E. Smith.
Among the charter provisions is one that fixes the tax rate at $1 on the
$100. The present tax rate is $1 25 on the $100. It is claimed by the "gang"
that this limitation on the tax rate will prevent the imposition of past ex
tortion in the collection of taxes and extravagance in their disbursement
They are using the fact of this limitation to further their cause. Such a
thing as a tax-rate limit has never yet been known to prevent a "gang" of
corruptionists from bleeding the tax-payers. They usually find it an easy
matter to adhere to the tax limit and equally easy to raise the assessed
valuation of the property to be taxed. Should the "gang" by any possible
misfortune or accident again secure control of the city government the peo
ple will be cinched just as cruelly as they have been in the past twenty
years.
The fac-aimile j//<&*. ' ■*. •". ■ : *• on every wrapper
•^nature of WU//ZT4ZZJ&& «* CteSTOBIA.
OPINION
IN JAPAN
EXCITED
Feeling That the Na
tion Must Secure a
New Foothold.
How the Public Regards
English Occupation of
Wei-Hai-Wei.
General Sentiment That tha
Government Should Assert
Itself in Asiatic Affairs.
SECRET UNDERSTANDING,
An Arrangement by Which Great
Britain Is to Advance Money to
China to Pay Indemnity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, April 6.— The Yokohama
correspondent of the Times says: For
the first time public opinion in Japan
is vehemently excited. There is no
general opposition to a British occupa
tion of Wei-Hai-Wei, but there Is a
feeling that Japan must assert herself
and secure some other foothold on the
Asiatic continent.
The Government is hampered by
financial considerations, but will prob
ably be obliged to yield to public pres
sure. Sober people and the officials
generally favor a British occupation or
Wei-Hai-"Wei and an Anglo-Japanesa
entente, pour parlers for which ar«
proceeding favorably.
The Daily Mail says this morning:
"We learn from an authoritative source
that England and Japan are in com
plete accord regarding Wei-Hat- vv ci.
but secrecy is entailed until a com
plete settlement has been achieved,
which, it is believed, will include an
arrangement whereby England will ad-
S v'ance the money to enable China to
pay the indemnity in full and thus to
obtain a Japanese evacuation of Wel-
Hai-Wei.
CHINESE MOB MURDERS
AMERICAN MISSIONARIES.
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 6.— Advices
per Empress of Japan report that tele
grams received at Shanghai report that
a chapel in Chung King, Kansu province,
belonging to an American mission, has
been attacked by rioters and some per
sons of the mission have been murdered.
The United States Consul has demanded
from the Toatai, first, that the soldiers
i shall be disbanded; second, that the mur
• derers shall be put to death and the ring
leaders arrested; third, that 500 taels be
paid as compensation for the chapel de
stroyed, and fourth, that full protection
be given to missionaries when they re
turn.
PRINCE FERDINAND
IN DEADLY PERIL.
BERLIN, April 6.— A dispatch to the
Lokal Anzeiger from Sofia say 6 that on
March 29. at Sestrimo station, an attempt
was made to wreck a train carrying
Prince Ferdinand of Bulgaria. The at
tempt was discovered and frustrated by
a peasant. The culprits were arrested.
HARNESS-HORSE REGISTRY.
CHICAGO. April 6.— lne American Trot
ting Register Association met in annual
session u<i afternoon and decided that
in the future a deeper tinge of blue taust
characterize the blooaeu applicants for
registry upon its books as standard trot
ting or pacing stock. The qualifications
of both antecedents and "get" were made
more rigid by far ...an has heretofore
been the case. Five seconds were clipped
from the record, -which must be reached
by the "get" of both pacers and trotters,
the former being placed at 2:25 ar.d tha
latter at 2:30.
W. R. Allen of rlttsfield. Mass., was
elected president and J. H. Steiner of
Chicago secretary.
A man whose hands tremble and
whose voice is weak and you will
find that he is but half a man as a
rule. His knees shake, too, and he
is but a weakling. He sees spots
before his eyes and has no confi-
dence in himself. He has in some
way abused the privileges which are
his by right. And he possessed them
once. It is for cases of this sort tha*
"Hudyan" is given by the grand doc-
tors of the Hudson Institute. "Hud-
yan" brings to weak men full vitality
and grand manly vigor. From being
puny a man becomes full of fire and
big and great manhood. Is that not
worth the having? Why do you
want to continue as you are? Your
happiness is dependent on your
ability to enjoy life. Then why net
get back the vitality that has drained
away from you? Writs and ask
what "Hudyan" has done for weak
and erring mortals. Testimonials
and circulars about it are quite free
to you, and so is best medical ad-
vice. There is blood taint in seme
people when they are not aware of
it. Ulcers in the throat, pimples on
the body, copper-colored spots, the
falling out of hair, show it. "30-day
! blood cure" removes all the taint at
once. Circulars and testimonials of
it are free to you. Write to-day
Hudson Medical Institute,
StocMon, MarKet and Ellis Sts. t
SAN FRANCISCObSWINDLERS
GOT THEIR
GOOD MONEY
Clever Schemers Dupe
the People of Syd
ney, N. S. W.
Pinked in Over Twenty-
Thousand Dollars and
Decamped,
Are Now on Their Way From
Honolulu En Route to
the Klondike.
PATENT ATMOSPHERIC GAS
With It the Promoter* Were to
Enrich All the Stock
holders.
A party of five— three men and two
women— are very much wanteC in
«y. N. S. \\\. are on their way 1j
"San Francisco on one of the sugar
Meet now about due. The men wero the
prompters of "The Atmospheric Gas
Company," a swindle which grew to
.• such proportions in New South Wales
: that it caused the values In the regular
•gits and electric light companies' stock
to suffer a steady decline, while the
. price of shares in the new venture
Jumped from $5 to $350 L.side of a
month.
When the bubble burst the promoters
had cleared up over $20,000 and were on
their. ■••..> to Honolulu, where they re
7- oiifried until all fear of extradition was
;, past, and then took passage for this
• ■ I
• • .1" v, as in September of last year that
...two men named Lee and Elliott, ac
':dompanied by their wives, took passage
? -on .the steamer Alameda for the An
;■• tipodes. On their arrival at Sydney
.'■ the y.\ lost no time in putting their
•scheme, which had evidently been ma
• tured before the journey was under
• taken, Into operation. They hired a
shop in one of the principal streets of
the metropolis of New South Wales and
. began giving demonstrations of the
; .value of the illuminant. Crowds flock
ed to see it, and when the shares were
- placed upon the market they were all
'.subscribed for in forty-eight hours.
Among those taken In by the scheme
: ; . were Jacob Garrard, Minister for Pub
• lie Instruction in New South Wales,
and F. Kron, brother of Oscar J. and
.Henry Kron of the Kron Tanning
• : .Company of this city. Mr. Garrard
••'■;' v.fis chosen chairman of directors, and
> if. explaining how he came to be caught
said:
. "Lee went over to the shelf and took'
up a small thing about the size of a i
baking dish; he blew .into-- it, and lit '
;. ihv £as at the other end. When he :
ceased to blow the name ceased 1 said, j
".'This is marvelous! How do you do
Ut?' Lee said, 'There are two rham
•' bers inside filled with a certain kind of j
shavings which are saturated with
chemicals, and the air passing through
■is so impregnated that it comes out in
the shape of an illuminant.' I repeated
the expression. 'This is marvelous.'
: tee turned to another part of the room
■ and explained the working of the ro
■tiijy pump. As an old mechanic, I rec
: : Qgnized that it was a very Ingenious
.mechanical device for getting a contin
'./■Upu? '.;>!■:>• of air and expressed my
opinion to that effect. Thus, being con-,
■ ■ vinced of the bona fides of the thing, I
■ consented to go on the board."
. ' When everything was ripe Lee and
\ -.Elliott agreed to sell to the syndicate
yt'hc-ir patent rights for 515,000 cash and
:'H;uO fully paid up shares. This was in '
• tfce latter part of November and the
shareholders objected because they said !
ail the trials of the machines had been '
' xnade by Lee and Elliott alone. They :
therefore asked that the ingredients '
urwl and the workings of the machine i
should be revealed to the directors. Lee i
and Ellfiott objected, stating:
V.' "We still hold a three-fourths inter- !
est in this gigantic concern, and you
syndicate shareholders only hold one- ,
fourth. Now, it is quite possible, if we |
; reveal the secret to six or seven gentle- ,
' jne;h, .it might leak out, and steps be
:,'ss&eri to rob us of our rights. We are
:--.wjlling to reveal it to two of the direc-
.. This was agTeed to and then the two
said the machine in operation
was not a very presentable one and
th.-y asked for time to have another
one made; also another generator. Dur-
ing the consequent delay the necessary
patents were applied for and all the
transfers made by Lee and Elliott to
th>- syndicate, after which the $15,000
T* us paid over.
On December 15 Lee revealed to the
two directors the ingredients. They
• to the different chemists and ob
ed them, the reason for this being
-that it was desirable to k^ep the secret
as closely as possible. They charged
achlne with those ingredients, put
on the apertures, and seals upon
tape. The connection for lighting
being quite ready, It was agreed
that they should go back next morning
Ight up. On presenting themselves
the following morning It was reported
that snme of the charge had leaked, and
it the generator had been taken away
to be repaired. In order that there
should be no suspicion It was decided
to exhaust that charge, and begin de
novo. The gas was Ignited, and they
gtrt some 2250 feet as a result < this
leaky charge. Everybody was delighted
an<l the Btock boomed, during which
time Lee and Elliott unloaded all they
- uld.
A second trial resulted In 3060 feet of
f -. and it was then decided to turn
syndicate Into a limited liability
■ • •;■-!■■, and at the same time sell the
ihe new discovery to a New
nd syndicate. Another machine
shipped to Auckland, N. Z., was
• . bui just when it was rr-ady for
ent Lee and Elliott disappeared.
Investigation followed, and the
rhole fraud came out.
The first discovery was that Lee had
•i tae 1 joining 100 mto the one
In which the experiments were carried
on for ;t man named White The dupli
key w. j scoured and then it was
Been thai Mr. White had taken a very
part in ail the f-xperiments. His
place was to supply the generator with
oil of cltronella during the night. This
was done by tearing off patch that
was on the machine and soldering It on
again as scon as the oil had been put
in th<; generator. The directors were
hard to convince, however, and the two
V.n whom L<-* and Elliott had confided
f J!gan experimenting on their own ac
ppunt. While at work one of them
turned off the supply of gas from the
generator while the other, with a
lighted match '• .and, hr.J the tap at
the end of the Mpe open. The gas ig
oJt£d and the light ran back Into the
ALONE IN HER CLASS ON THIS COAST.
Ths five-masted topsail schooner Inca Is the only vessel of her clasa on this coast. The only similar vessel afloat
Is the Governor Ames, which is now on the Atlantic, but was In this port about six years ago. The schooner bound
out is the Thomas S. Negus, for Copper River, with a party of Eastern gold hunters aboard.
meter, causing an explosion and setting
the place on fire.
The machine was repaired, more
chemicals were purchased and another
trial given. It was then fully demon
strated that the machine would not do
what Lee and Elliott claimed for it
with the Ingredients used, but that the
addition of a very expensive oil gave
the desired result. It was then decided
to put detectives on the trail of the
swindlers, but the birds had flown.
With their wives they went to Auck
land, New Zealand, on the steamer
Ellngamite. From there they went to
Wellington, New Zealand, and joined
the steamer A. .angi, under the names
of Mr. and Mrs. Edmonds, Mr. and Mrs.
Waterfield and Mr. Williams. The
police at Victoria, 13. C, were waiting
for the swindlers - hen the Aorangi
reached there and the police here were
on the lookout when the Moana reached
San Francisco last month, but the quin
tet were safe from pursuit in Hono
lulu.
"It was one of the cleverest swindles
ever perpetrated in Austrc.ia," said one
of the officers of the Alameda yester
day. "People were breaking their necks
to get shares in the concern and the
directors gobbled up 48 shares of
the unallotted stock before the other
shareholders could get a chance. The
swindled stockholders a^ked the New
South Wales Government to extradite
the swindlers, but the premier replied
something: like this: 'Gentlemen, it
cost us $25,000 to extradite Butler and
he was guilty of murder and was with
out money and without friends. Now
we know these men have $15,000 at least
and plenty of friends in the States, so
how much do you think It will cost us
to extradite them? A great leal more
than the Governmen' will spend. Gen
tlemen, we can do nothing for you.'
That was the last heard of extraditing.
"The last hoard from the swindlers
was that on their arrival in California
they were going to strike out for the
Klondike with a gold-savin? apparatus
which is going to revolutionize gold
mining. If it is anything like their at
mospheric gas it must be a great inven
tion." ___________^^^^
OFFICERS UNDER
EXAMINATION.
Gave Their Testimony in the
Haynes Murder Case
Yesterday.
The Prosecution Has Submitted and
the Delense Will Have an
Inning Saturday.
The police investigation In the Haynes
case was resumed yesterday morning be
fore Judge Conla,n, and after testimony
has been given by many witnesses the
prosecution submitted the case, and at
the request of Attorneys Wilson and
Sweeney for the defense an adjournment
was taken until Saturday morning. Dur
ing the afternoon session the various of
ficers who were on the scene at the time
of the shooting explained the movements
on the fatal morning.
William Cole, a young boy, was the first
witness called, and he was followed by
Ktnil Ott, another lad, who proved to be
the best witness yet called from the
standpoint that he nad seen the whole
affair, and in a straightforward manner
told all the circumstances surrounding
the case. The principal point elicited
from the witness waa the statement that
Officer Merchant had fired a shot before
Lieutenant Burke had fallen to the
ground fatally wounded at the feet of
Merchant, who then fired at Haynes.
i'Mer Duffy was the last witness called
prior to the testimony given by Officers
Kennedy, Merchant, Marlowe and Wil
kinson, who in turn explained the shoot
ing, but the testimony given by each of
the officers was at variance with that
previously given. It was stated by Borne
that Burke had fired three shots before
he fell and then emptied his pistol at
Haynes, hut the others were not certain
as to the shooting, but thought no more
than three shots had been lired by the
injured man.
The sensation of the day was when Pa
trol Driver Cashel went upon the stand,
but nothing new was elicited from his
testimony and no questions were askod In
cross-examination. Sergeant Colby iden
tified the revolvers and cartridges as the
ones taken from the cabin on the day of
the tragedy, and the case was submitted
by the prosecution.
During the examination Chief Lees
from time to time prompted Prosecuting
Attorney Mogan as to the points which
he wished to have brought to the atten
tion of the Judgn. After Officer Kennedy
had been examined the prosecuting attor
ney stated that he was unable to see
where any cowardice had been shown,
and thought the witness should be com
mended for his bravery, but Attorney J.
N. E. Wilson said that he understood
Haynes was being tried for murder and
that he was not aware the case was for
the trial of the officers for cowardice.
While Wilkinson was being examined
the attorney for the State clapped his
hands sharply for the purpose of illus
trating the rapidity with which the
shots were fired, and as he did so the
large curtain on the window came down
with a thud, which caused Chief Lees,
the attorneys and the witness to dodge
with one accord, as the illustration was
realistic, aided by the inanimate curtain.
The case will be resumed Saturday morn
ing at 11 o'clock.
Free, 1 month's treatment. Now euro. Asthma
cured to stay cured. Dr. Gordln. 514 Pine at.
Mismated Married Couples.
Julia Hanson has commenced suit for
divorce against John R. Hansen on the
ground of cruelty.
Joseph Cardinali has been sued for di
vorce by Mary Cardinali on the ground
of failure to provide.
Judge Seawell yesterday granted Gen
eva F. Cross a divorce from Alfred J.
Cross on the ground of cruelty.
Charles F. Loveland has secured a ui
vorce from Aljce R. Loveland on the
ground of desertion.
Ladles' tailor-made suits; latest designs; we
Give credit. M. Rothschild. 211 gutter, r. 6 Si 7.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 1898.
HEAVY TRAVEL
FROM AUSTRALIA
Noted Men and Gold Bul
lion in Plenty on the
Alameda.
"Swiftwater Bill's" Party De
lays the Sailing of the
Humboldt.
Ex - Lieutenant Bennett Goes to
Al«sk«— Cows Stamped© the
Water Front.
i The steamer Alameda reached port yes
terday from Sydney and Auckland via
Honolulu, making her first trip under the
new mail schedule, which requires the
run to bo made from Auckland here in
nineteen days. The steamer took twenty
throe days coming from Sydney and six
days seven hours from Honolulu. North
of the equator, especially according to
Purser Thomas Smith, the vessel en
countered fierce northwest trade winds
for eight days, accompanied by heavy
seas, but the voyage after that was very
pleasant. Ninety-five boxes of gold bul
lion, amounting to about $2,345,000, were
brought up from the Colonies, the bullion
being mostly consigned to the Anglo-
Califoriiian and the London, Parts and
American bonks.
From Australia and Honolulu camelO7
cabin and % steerage passengers. Many
of them were without staterooms, so
large was the list, and thlrty-flvo pros
pective passengers at Honolulu had to be
turned away for lack of accommodation.
Fifty of those on board are bound for
the Klondike.
The purser says he never saw so many
celebrities take passage on the steamer
at one time before. Among them were
T. B. Cusack-Smith, late British Consul-
General at Apia, Samoa, who has been
promoted to the same i*>sition at Val
paraiso; Captain Charles Sanders of the
Mohican, who took passage at Honolulu;
W. <J. L. Spowers, editor of the Mel
bourne Argus and the Australian, and his
wife; J. T. Arundel, the owner of Clip
pertOD island; Samuel Wilcox, the well
known Honolulan planter; Mr. Kennedy
of the firm of Kennedy & Fitch, who own
a line Of ships plying between there and
Tahiti; Dr. Vondersteinan, the celebrated
scientist, and William Signal, president
of the Marine Engineers' Association of
Australia. Mr. Signal was mot at the
wharf by a delegation from the Marine
Engineers' Association of San Francisco.
He is going to England on a visit and
departed for the East last night on the
overland.
Monday evening the starboard side of
the vessel was covered with a canvas
awning and Captain Van Oterendorp gave
the cabin, passengers a grand ball. In
testimonial of their courtesy during the
voyage the passengers gave Chief Officer
Rennie and Purser Smith a testimonial
and a purse. The testimonial wad signed
by all the cabin passengers.
The Alanieda brought advices to the
effect that the steamer Cape Otway ar
rived at Honolulu March 2'j with 203 pas-
Bengers. all bound for the Klondike. The
vessel docked for one day and was sup
posed to Ball on the 30th for Victoria, but
the officers Of the Alameda do not be
lieve she got away so soon. Several
ladies were on board. It is believed that
the passengers will all be landed In Dyea
in nl.uut two weeks.
The steamer Mary Bldwell also sailed
for Alaska yesterday with seventeen
passengers on board, all shareholders.
They have secured certain special privi
leges for traveling on the Yukon and
other concessions enjoyed by few whose
bourne is the Alaskan gold lields. Among
the number was ex-Lieutenant George
W. Bennett, who resigned from the police
force last Monday In order to make the
trip as a representative of Judge- Camp
bell, one of the shareholders. The vessel
departed early In the afternoon.
The steamer Umatilla took over 800
passengers north yesterday, many of
whom will go to the Klondike. The little
schooner Thomas S. Negus, which re
turned to port last Sunday on account of
forgotten supplies, sailed also for Alaska
yesterday with the party she brought
here from New Haven.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Zeal
andia sailed for Honolulu yesterday at 2
p. m. from Pacific-street wharf. There
were forty-one cabin passengers who un
dertook the trip. In leaving her dock the
vessel scraped too close to the piling and
tore about four feet off the top of one
of the piles, splintered the face of others
and lost two deadlights on Ihe port side.
If great preeer.ee of mind had not been
manifested by her officers greater dam
age would have been done, both to the
steamer and to the wharf. Dr. Milan
Soule, the ship's surgeon, took sick early
in the morning and was unable to leave
on the steamer, Dr. C. H. Lowell, the
'•long, slim doctor" of the Harbor Hos
pital force taking his place.
"Swittwater Bill's" Alaskan company
did not get away on the steamer Hum
boldt yesterday, according to schedule
All day the steamer lay at Washington
etreet wharf taking on freight, of which
there will be about 300 tons. Bill's party
of thirty-seven will take along about
ninety tons of provisions, eleven head of
mules and horses and sixty dogs. About
twenty of these were tethered In various
spots around the wharf and made tlio day
hideous with their howling, to the evi
dent discomfort of the female contingent
who will take passage. There will be
about 150 passengers in all on the steamer
Departure was delayed by the fact that
not all of Swlftwater's provisions could
be got aboard In time. It is expected
that the steamer will 6ail to-day at 1 p
m. William himself is looked for to join
the expedition at Victoria.
The British tramp steamer Mount Ta
bor arrived yesterday morning from Hak
odate with a cargo of sulphur, consigned
to the Pacific Stoam Whaling Company.
She has been running between Portland
and Yokohama and will soon return to
the land of the Mikado. This Is her first
trip to San Francisco.
About fifteen or twenty cows managed
to create a deal of excitement along the
water front yesterday afternoon. They
•were brought down in the steamer Gold
from Petaluma and were to be sent to
Oakland by the creek route. As there is
a municipal law forbidding the driving of
cattle in certain districts of the city be
tween specified hours the ones handling
the consignment hired water front
"bums" at the rate of a dime apiece
to lead the cows. When they got mixed
up with the cars and heavy traffic on
East street there was a stampede and a
"hot time." The cows ran upon the side
walks and into pedestrians, causing
everybody to tal-re leg bail and the ladies
to scream with fright. One horseman
took after an especially vicious cow that
ran up East street toward the seawall
and was thrown from his steed at the foot
of Jackson street, but luckily escaped
serious injury. The cows were finally
corralled and got out of the center of
trade, after Sergeant Mahoney and all
the police along the front" had perspired
for a half hour in assisting the "drivers,"
who all earned their dimes by the sweat
of their brows.
Captain Dunlevy of the harbor police
and James Orndorf were nearly run down
by William Taylor, a driver for the West
ern Transfer Company, at the foot of
Clay street about 2p. m. yesterday The
captain expostulated with the man and
was replied to in an extremely vulgar
manner, whereupon he arrested Tavlor
and booked him at the harbor police sta
tion on a charge of using vulgar lan
guage. The arrested man was bailed out
by E. T. Brown.
The bar was reported smooth yester
day until 10 a. m., when It suddenly grew
pretty rough and continued so for several
hours.
EXTENSION IS
TO CONTINUE
The Second Session of the
Ancient Order of United
Workmen.
Fixing Salaries and Authorizing Ex
penditures—Per Capita Tax
Ayain $2 SO
The time of the representatives to the
Grand Lodge of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen was taken up yesterday
in the consideration of reports and reso
lutions.
The report of the grand master work
man was adopted as printed.
The report of the finance committee was
also adopted. This shows that th>j volume
of business during; the year was: General
fund, $iJ4 ,625 31; beneliciary fund, $701,
000 t<s; relief fund, $46,;fTG U9; Lowry fund,
$511 31. The disbursements were: General
fund, $G3,550 0-i; benetlclary fund, $701,000;
relief fund, $32 ,085 OS; Lowry fund, tjllt jll 31.
The following recommendation of ex
penditures for the current year was
adopted;
Grand recorder, $2500; deputy grand recorder,
$'JWj; i-hlet Clerk, $«X>; three clerks, $1280; grand
receiver, |C 00; surety bonds, $100; recorder' a of
fice, contingent, $j00; stationery, $15u; rent,
|7SO; supplies. $1500; Grand Lodge, $3000; Grand
.Lodge hail rent, $lUO, printing, $12uO; Supreme
LiHlge, per capita, $2500; finance committee,
$3bu; grand medical examiner, $1500; badge and
photograph, $65; official orsan, $4260; insurance,
$27 50; grand master, $1000; arbitration, contin
gent, $ltnl; corporate directors, contingent, $100;
Interest on loan, $20,000, $Uou; extension work,
$14,401); total, $42,252 50.
The per capita tax, payable in five in
stallments, was fixed at $2 50.
A motion to abolish the $3 premium for
members was defeated.
The grand body refused to amend the
Grand .Lodge constitution so as to strike
out the authority vested in the grand re
corder to omit, except from the grand
master workman, any matter he may
deem not proper for publication; refused
to strike from the constitution the sec
tion authorizing the publishing of assess
ment notices in the official organ; refused
to increase the compensation of the grand
medical examiner from 25 to 50 cents per
certificate; refused to provide for a de
crease in the maximum assessment of
members after 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40 and
60 years' membership; refused to enlarge
the class of beneficiaries; refused to in
crease the duties and compensation of
deputies; a proposition to abolish the
official organ was tabled.
So much time was taken up in discus
sion that the nomination and election of
grand officers was not reached. This
event, which has occupied the attention
of the politicians of the order for months,
will take place to-day.
Among the recommendations adopted
by the Grand Lodge is one by the grand
medical examiner, which suggests that
the lodge examiners should have a better
understanding of the duties required of
them, and he sets forth several reminders
to such examiners, namely, that they
should closely scan applicants to deter
mine if there is anything that will vitiate
tho full expectancy of life; that they
ghoul-- remember that the relation be
tween the applicant and examiner is dif
ferent from that which exists between
ADVERTISEMENTS.
809 Market Street, corner Fourth
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING, RECEPTION ROOM-NO. 7,
Consultation— FßEE.
\ «k#V«\.d 01/ffl[fi tinier - Our Specialty Crown and Bridge Work
XWvT A/ J*fifj% and Painless txtraction.
V A A/ **/ S*k ■"'■■■ The .. Olinio ■'■ always ahead in Advanced Dental
v^Xn. J*»r-T><a*S^v *a? m Saienee. No student* employed.
A!& >V«S ''^^,^ _— — Sflb For the next 30 days our prices will be:
V 1, . l^f Ifr ■('',!%&^£^ -^W-' FULL SET OF TEETH f0r.... .../.. »4 50 up
2 -»£/ -*/f>~!r'(-M GOLD CROWNS, 22k 3 50 up
•^— -«»' ' if /J%Z'<aE*~-~ - BRIDGE WORK.- per tooth 3 60 up
****S^^^M%WtM J Tlk^ TUI* SILVER FILLING 25c up
-WC^DO J^^^^^kAtsaTnlS GOLD FILLING T.V; up
y^pV^iJ^^C^, "^-J/^ CLEANING TEETH 500 up
FOl^Bjr^k VOl^^ % A Physician Always in Attendance.
jS Wf & \ 1 Extracted SKILLED OPERATORS.
TFFTHI k llclK^Seo lady attendant.
I LL I II Jjgjgf Brldxewoi* PHONE DAVIS 654.
WITHOUT PAIN. ;:• DR. T. E. STROINO. .
, Office Hours- 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Euad.iyß9toap.nv- -;:V.;-.
THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
See TDelorme's marvelous painting, "Farmhouse Interior," on view free in
Art Room, second floor.
The Most Important of All
RIBBON SALES
Begins at 10 O'clock To-Day.
f To-day (Thursday), at 10 a. m., we begin the sale of
yrf]^ the largest single lot of Ribbon ever brought to this city by
'J>4s£y a retail store. Jbe best quality Satin and Grain Ribbons,
comprising 125,000 yards— think of the quantity, 125,000
(/ Over-production brought the manufacturer into a
Vy tight pinch for ready cash, enabling us to purchase all that
\\ he had on hand at probably half what it actually cost to
\\ make them.
Fifty-eight colorings in the lot several shades of each
of these colors — excepting the black, of course.
Blacks, Scarlets, Myrtle, Tans, Tlerge,
Blues, Navies, Orange, Furples, Mahogany,
Browns, Garnets, Mais, Old %ose, Shrimp,
Pinks, Reds, Grays, Serpent, Cream.
Cardinals, Olives, Modes, Sapphire,
There will be no limit, no exceptions, no preferences — first come, first served.
Storekeepers or customers can purchase these Ribbons — by the box, piece or yard.
Mail orders will be filled in the order that they are received if on time and
before the goods are sold out.
No. 2—14 inch— width, full measure, full weight t(\ r \ No. 12— 2 inch— width, full measure, full weight I*-)!-
—30c a piece— 3 yards for ,— 'vt j Jr. 15 a piece— per yard I^C
No. 3—% mch — full width, full measure, full weight — j» _
45c a — per yard &*' No. 16 — 2% inch— full width, full measure, full ip
No. s—l inch— full width, full measure, full weight— 7- | weight— sl.4o a piece— per yard ~ ■3C
65c a piece — per yard - i m
No. 7-14 inch-full width, full measure, full weight- o _ No. 22-2% inch— full width, full measure, full 9/x
75c a piece— per yard OC | weight— sl.Bs a piece— per yard- -*VC
No. 9-1% inch— full width, full measure, full weight i/\ ! No. 40— 3^ inch— full width, full measure, full 'if
—90c a piece— per yard IVrl* j weight— J2.2s a piece— per yard £DC
To-Day's Grocery Special. \^ZZ^\ A Five-Hour
For to-day and Friday only. Specials for other days .
on price card in show window. > s^^ I UlTibler SdlC.
Fancy Solid Pack 3 -lb Tomatoes — none 'z*»*^~,j*,**>"* T (Thursday), from ,o
1 au^y " 7 !>»««*«*««**•«***' To-day (Thursday), from 10
ever put up any better— per can 7c "^^^^^^ a> m , { 0 3p_ m . only— the
See our Easter Special in this depart- j quantity lasts that long— we
ment in Saturday morning papers. <A will sell
X ,1 . ■ si 41 41 j. „, r.r rfSi 20 ° d en Pressed Glass Water
Compare these prices With tllOSe that yOU !|lllli!!l!liill!!!i|| Tumblers- banded as in picture—
have been paying. Set of 6— 9 c.
Diamond Crystal Salt, 2-Ib Boyer's Baked Beans, i-lb None sold to the trade.
cartoons, each 10; cans 5c
Parlor Matches, 6 pkgs...2sc Boyer's Baked Beans, 3-lb
Golden Rule Catsup, cans 10c y.JL
"Good as any" oC Fancy Japan Rice, £ . Gloves TOr Ea «ter.
Cooper's Olive Oil, Best Island Rice, lb 6c , VIUYC3 " Ul Las>tCl .
q Uar ts 98c Carolina Rice, ''the best," Ladies Two-clasp Pique Gloves, in all the <£g (\(\
Duret French Olive Oil, lb 8c pretty shades, to match with Easter gown, per pair M«»UU
quarts 55c i-lb cans .Standard Oy- Ladies' Very Fine Two-clasp Kid Gloves— a pretty
Duret French Olive Oil, sters, can.. „.. 8c dress glove— in all the new shades of tan. Per «m "*e-
pints -30c 2-lb cans Standard Oy- pair..../.:.. 5>1.^3
Fancy New Crop Sott sters, can.. ......:..... 15c ; Ladies' Three-clasp Best' French Kid Gloves «h-fc /w\
Shell Walnuts, per lb.. roc French Mackerel, in 0. -exclusive novelties for Easter. Per pair.. .1?.. $2.00
Loose Cluster sins, "better than sardines," ,  , ,_, t . v"*"~ l » . Cl *""'
•Very cheap Hat"per" per lb. 6c - tin .25c A . Ladies' 16-Button Length Jersey Kid Gloves, in car-
323L Z s 95c
The Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar
............. . . ... .
patient and doctor; the latter tells all and
the former seeks to conceal facts which
may tend to impair his char.ces; that the
examiners should make a dear statement
so that the grand medical examiner may
determine if the risk is a safe one or not,
a d that they should never inform an ap
piicant if he may be accepted or re
report of this officer shows that
there were 282 deaths during 1S07; that
the average age of death was &4 years,
and that the average duration of mem
bership was 13 years. The principal
causes of death were: Pneumonia, 25;
cancer (liver, throat and stomach), 30;
suicide. 10: accident, 25; consumption, 33;
heart disease. 47: kidney disease
(Bright's, etc.), 18; apoplexy, 15.
In the evening B. B. Hall was crowded
with Workmen assembled to witness the
competitive drill and exemplification of
the work by teams from Pacific Lodge
of Oakland, Mount Hamilton Lodge of
San Jose and Prosperity Lodge of this
city
Tho judges were J. Michaels and D.
Drown on ritualistic work and F. T. Hil
ton and Percy J. King on floor work.
Each team made a line appearance,
Pacific tram appearing in the initiatory
work in dress suits.
The best work of a Master Workman
was that by the one of Mount Hamilton,
for it was almost perfect. The most dra
matic work was that of Prosperity team,
but there was some fault in the memor
ized work. The floor work in the drills
w : as well executed.
The Judges awarded the first prize to
Mount Hamilton Lodge and divided the
second prlzo between the other two
During the evening Deputy Grand
Master Workman F. S. Poland, who is
the captain of Pacific team, was pre
sented by the team with a gold chain and
locket as a token of its appreciation
of the work he had done for the team.
If the lead in your pencil is poor, try the
famous "Koh-1-Noor." •
For Refilling Cigar Soxes.
Lee WonK, whose name indicates his
nationality, was arrested in Pleasanton
yesterday by the constable at that place
for refilling cigar boxes with cigars, the
revenue tux on which had not been paid.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
KLONDIKE
OUTFITS
Not complete without a supply of
GAIL BORDEN
EAGLE BRAND
. CONDENSED MILE
Hlerbeit reputation for keeping qual-
ity , etnee, no experiment ; no loss. -
NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO.
d^. ,«.».,. ■ ■■ -...■....— ..4
f\ D A \/ or FADED HAIR RESTORED to
i. mW\ MX T youthful color and beauty by DR.
■* *^ ■ HAYS' HAIR HEAT/18. Re-
moves dandruff and rtcalp disease. Don't stain
skin. Covers BALD spits. Absolutely harmless.
1,-irze littles BO cents, at (lriicelsts. • Xetail agents,
KO-PEROKNTAGE rHARM\(Y,fIS3 Market st.
Vholesale-MACK * CO.: LANGLEY A MICH-
.VKLS: CUI'KIX. KKDtNGTON * C<X
fi2OfTET
. f lS^ IS THE PROPER DISTANCE
At.wHkH a Hormal-eye should cl early
. DISTINGUISH letter^ %ofAf4 ihch LONG.
CALL, and HAVE yoUR EYES TEST£O
.. FREE cf CHARGfc. -ijV- ' '
Ars l T|j|i| A fill* rCAP*I ■
642 market ST.
UNDER C-HRONin f Pnn ("»*©.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful i_aiuu.aiao and ' specinu lo'uic
for „ the : sexual and • urinary organs lof both
cexes, and a great remedy for diseases of t hi
kidneys '= and bladder. ' A ; grewtt . Restoratlv«,
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; <no long- winded testimonials necessary.
i' NABER. ALFS & BHUNE, Agents. .
SB Market Street. 8. F.— (Bend for Circular.)
visit DR. JORDAN'S «*•*«
flg&B Museum of Anatomy
I EOTaV 2051 10251T ST. tit. 6ft ■ 7th, S. F. W.
M W* • The Ltrgett of JU kind 1b VorUL
1551.\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
IVTW|f . A. C«ninlu:lon tn». TTrlt* for B«ok
W I of Marriage.
• *> MAILtO nil.
SCHOOLLOTTDLEASE
Office of the Board of Education, City Hall,
San Francisco, April 5, 1893. Sealed proposal!
will be received In open session of the Board
of Education, City Hall, on WEDNESDAY,
April 13, 1898, from 3 to 3:30 o'clock p. m.,
for leasing from the said board the school Lit
on the corner of Fourth and Clara streets, with
the improvements thereon. Bidders are n-
quested to state what amount of rent they
propose to pay monthly, during - period of !
years, and also what amount they propose ta
pay monthly during a period of 10 years. Each
proposal must be accompanied by a certified
check In the Bum of two hundred and fifty
($250) dollars, made payable to the order ot
the secretary of the Board of Education, con-
ditioned that If the proposal be accepted and
the lease granted, and if the bidder shall fall
or neglect to sign the lease and give a reassur-
able bond for the faithful performance of th«
terms thereof, within 10 days after the leasa
Is granted, then and in that case the said
check shall be forfeited to the said Board ot
Education. The board reserves the right ta
reject any and all bids, as the public good
may require. The party to whom the lease is
granted will be required prior to or at the tlnifl
of the execution of the lease to pay the cost
of advertising this notice. Any additional In-
formation requlrpd will be furnished at th«
office of the Board of Education.
CHAS. W. WELCH. Secretary.
\M. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. S2l California street, below Powell.
San Francisco.
MADE ME A MAN
rf^S. AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURB
. hi "1 -A. LI, yervous Diseases— Failing Mem-
B SC] ory.lnipotenc7, Sleeplessness, etc., caused
■ '■■ •0.l "7 Abuse or other Excesses and Indfs-
- A i£}B)L crotions. They quickly and surety
. \ ~T restore Lost Vitality in old or young, and
>JS^^^^ fit a mac for study, business or marriage.
"SBv-hxaW Prevent Insanity and Consumption if
taken in time. Their oho shown immediate improve-
ment and effect* a CURE where all other fail In-
sist upon having the genuine Ajax Tablets. . They
have cared thousands .in 1 euro yon. We ye apo
itive writttra snaranteo to effect a euro CA |*T© la
each case or refund the money. Price Oil W I diper
packace; or «tx pkges (fall treatment) for $2.50. By
mail. In plain wrapper, npon receipt of price. Circular
For sale In San Francisco by Lelpnit A Co..
■4 ■ Butter. No- Percentage Pharmacy, 953 Mku
l-M-lililil!)'i]kL4ilJ
1 nJ ■'J'Ja'iMlK'
i*n ft -* ■'■*/* ■I'^Sp^y.* v^JT^jSwx— —^JV»— *A.*-^/'«W^
R HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- Q
W Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores, Ulcers H
■in Mouth, Hair-Falling:? Write COOK KKM- I
■ ED Y CO.. 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- ■
pC CAGO. ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital ™
SSoOO,UX). Worst cases cured in 15 to 36 days, n
H IOU-pag'e book free. t 3
p^M DR. BALL'S REINVIGORATOR
LljnM Five hundred reward for anycas*
BH - ■■IS we cannot cure. This secret remedy
H :*: * : '' ; ' ; ■ stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
MG9 ragfij Emissions, Irnpotency, Varlcocele,
ffffl PmTil Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits, Strictures,
KM IflM Lost Manh °od and all wasting ef-
IHt3__KajJ fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
ItaBBSHU sealed. $2 bottle: 3 bottles, $D; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAIi IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale at 1073% Market at.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
*' *jflKTSfrif*-| Ft Biz 5* is .* non-poisonou*
«*^Hs*T^ s^a ?. c , me . dy c for Gonorrhoea,
jKßSr' OCltEb^wa Plect, Spermatorrhwa.
BBBf i» 1 to si»T«.^l Whites, unnatural dl»*
flBEf Qn»r»n««a ■ charges, or any lnflamma-
Ejmm Dot to »uictare. tion, irritation or ulcera-
fffc oonUjloi. tion of mucous mem-
f«WaTHE£vANS CHEMIPiI Ho. cranes. Non -astringent.
f^^CiNCi'iNATl.O B9E] SoW by DrntrgiiU,
V^^. U.S. a !ffir; r B(>nt In plain wrapper,
<<^Hk^^Kl \i J express, prepaid, for
'fe^KraXj^vP B 1 - 00 -- 01 3 hottici, «3.7r>.
-w -^Hpr^ ■ Cixciuftr iiut uu r«uuaat.
56
THURSDAY APRIL 7, 1898
~7oHN~D. SPRECKELS, Pr0 P ri^ r ___
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Mana S^___
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
ferved by ccrrlcrs In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montb
C 5 cents.
TUT. WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. SI-50
OAKLAND OFFICE -_- • — 908 Broadway
ISEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Buildinft
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rifcfts House
•C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFHCE Mnrquette Building
C. GEORGL: KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 367 Hayes street, open until
930 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- t>lo Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 AMsslon street, open until 10 o'clock- 229' Market
6treet. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "A Gay Decelrer."
Columbia— "Shore Acres "
rnilforrla— "A Jay In New York."
Alcazar— "Jane-
Moropeo's— "Hands Across the Sea."
I'lvoll— " The Bohemian Girl."
< rpheum— Vaudeville.
ho Zoo, Vaudeville and Canlno's Leopards.
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Speoiaiuet
Sherman Si Claj s Hail— Paloma Scbramm, Wednesday after-
noon. A;
El Campo— Music dancing boatlns, fishing', every Sunday,
1 :ufi, n*iriftiMi — iTicon to-iay.
AUCTION SALEi
Butterfleld Friday, April 8. Furniture, at
BC'4 Turk str-v. at 11 o'clock.
THE LAGGING MESSAGE.
H^ VEX when the war spirit of this people is
aroused the public is not deaf to reason. That
JJ — * the rirst message of the President was a dis
appointment was freely stated at the time of its ap
pearance. That the second one will be a disappoint
ment there is no cause to believe. So far as may be
judged by the inevitable leakage of executive Cabinet
sessions, by the utterances of the President himself, it
will be virile, decisive, and, instead of bidding for
peace, lay down the only grounds on which peace may
be secured. That these grounds will involve the
holding up of American honor there can be no ques
tion. The sentiment of the country is so manifest
that an executive orricer could not ignore it, even if
he so desired, and President McKinlcy is believed to
be in full accord with the people. Therefore there
will be no protest at the withholding of the message
now, and information that this is done for "good and
sutricient" reasons will be unmurmuringly accepted.
The conditions upon which this line of conduct is
based constitute a strange reflection upon the charac
ter of the people whom we may soon oppose in arms.
There is fear that a message presaging war woul-.i
precipitate a massacre of Americans in Havana. What
manner of people are these civilized savages? There
is no talk in Xew York about killing the resident
Spanish. In San Francisco nobody breathes a threat
against any native of Spain. They are more secure
than if back in their own troubled realm of Castile.
The record of the Spanish nation must be borne in
mind. A feeling which found expression in jubilation
when the Maine was blown up, or in sneers at the
bodies of her dead, must belong to a people unworthy
of trust. The same riff-raff who gloried in one whole
sale murder would not hesitate to cut the throats cf
defenseless aliens.
The message can wait.
AN IMPERTINENT JUNTfI.
THE statement is made that the Cuban Junta will
decline to accept any solution of the Spanish
question which shall not involve the immediate
independence of the island they love so well and so
faithfully stay away from. If this is true the imper
tinence of the Junta is something as entirely without
precedent as the blowing up of the Maine. The
threat to fight against American troops sent to Cuba
unless they be sent to carry out the orders of the
Junta is as bad as treason.
The peculiar intelligence entering into the com
position of the Junta has an entire misconception of
the position of this Government. This country is
rot inspired with the spirit of war because of Cuba's
wrongs. It has not been stirred to a frenzy be
cause of a lot of agitators it has tolerated. This
country, on the other hand, is acting for itself and
not for any swart clique ungrateful for an asylum it
has afforded. In the harbor of Havana is the rusting
wreck of an American battle-ship. Had the Junta
heard of this? Had it heard that the ship was sent by
treachery most foul to the bottom of a "friendly" port
whither it had gone on a mission of peace? Has
the information percolated through its gray matter
that 266 American seamen were murdered when that
ship went down?
People of the United States decline to accept the
notion that the stars and stripes are no protection to
the men serving in the shadow of the flag. They re
member a long list of indignities and indecencies
heaped upon them by Spain and not properly re
sented. They recall that the history of that nation is
a history of shame, that its presence in the West is
a blight and a menace. Who breaks bread with you
and cuts your throat is no desirable neighbor. There
fore Spain must pack up and go.
It is true that there is sympathy for the Cubans,
particularly for those who have fought and suffered.
But the impending fight with Spain will be on strictly
American account. The lines to govern it will not be
laid down by the Junta. If that body persist in its
absurd and insufferable insolence it should be sup
pressed as dangerous to the public welfare.
Spanish Minister Bernabe's talk of a hope of peace
has a pleasing sound, but it is based upon the mis
understanding of facts. For instance, he says his
country is enlightened, self-respecting, and his people
governed by high aspirations and noble instincts.
Where are his proofs?
It is a strange circumstance that when two convicts
at San Quentin desire to fight there seems to be no
obstacle placed in their way. No system of prison
reform of which there is common knowledge includes
rough and tumble fighting among approved forms of
amusement.
No wonder fhe afternoon papers objected to the
"extra" issued by the yellow faker of the dawn. They
have themselves ample facilities for the propagation
«*"! spread of misinformation.
NOW FOR THE PENALTY.
THAT rascality has marked the progress of the
fern- depot since the structure rose above the
foundation level has been amply demonstrated.
That the money of the people voted for the erection
of the building has been wasted, that it has gone to
favored contractors for inferior work or has stuck to
the fingers of somebody who had the handling of it,
has been shown with such clearness there can be no
denial. The facts have been laid bare, the figures il
lustrating the shamelessness with which the State has
been robbed published in detail. In the court of pub
lic opinion the conviction of the robbers has already
been accomplished. They were openly accused, and
they had no defense to offer.
Anything like a complete review of the facts hereto
fore set forth would require much space, the original
exploitation having consumed columns. It may,
however, be said in a general way that every con
tractor whose work was of sufficient importance to be
investigated seems to have attempted deliberately to
defraud, and, with the connivance of the Harbor
Commissioners and the supervising architect, to have
succeeded. The very walls represent a cheat, while
inside the depot is honeycombed with visible traces of
jobbery' and crookedness.
C. F. McCarthy had the masonry contract. How he
was permitted to put in Colusa stone and was paid at
the rate asked for Oregon stone has been repeatedly
stated. It was to him a clear and unmerited gain of
$11,000. How he was allowed to substitute brick
worth $6 per thousand for the specified article worth
$75 has been told. It is known also that he discarded
white glazed tile for marble, eliminated the arched
tiling, substituting expanded metal, left out terra
cotta, at a saving of thousands to himself, and instead
of making a reduction such as the State could justly
have demanded, was actually paid extra for having
done cheap work after having signed a contract to do
good work. The loss of the commonwealth on ac
count of this one contractor has been $45,241.
Throughout the list there runs a similar record of
broken trust, of trickery and double dealing. The
Batemans, for instance, were paid extra for their con
sideration in using Oregon pine for the interior finish
after they had agreed to use oak, pine selling in open
market then at $20 per thousand and oak at $120 per
thousand. True, they claim to have used more of the
pine than they had intended to use of the oak, but
there is reason to question even this statement. The
Batemans were paid extortionate prices for certain
extras, getting in instances four times the price
at which any outside contractor would have been glad
of a chance to do the work. The plumbing, the gal
vanized iron, the steam heating, have all been char
acterized by a similar disregard for honesty and of
the terms of the several contracts. This grows to be
an old story; it becomes as a tale that is told.
The purpose in making this series of exposures was
not merely to entertain readers, to harass unfaith
ful officials or bring the community into disrepute for
its toleration of such palpable crime. It was to open
to the proper investigating body the way to check
the rascals, to pave for the offenders, if not a way to
the penitentiary, at least one to private life. The pre
liminary work is done. The facts are common prop
erty. Upon the Grand Jury must rest the burden of
treating the officials as they deserve to be treated. A
paper may hold up to condemnation, perhaps to
scorn. It can do nothing more. The machinery of
the law is not at its command.
CALIFORNIA READY.
AMONG the first and foremost commonwealths
in the Union to make ready for the possibility
of war is California. A few States have pre
ceded us in voting money for war purposes, but this
is due to the fact that their Legislatures are in ses
sion, while ours is not. Moreover, such precedence
is one of foi;m rather than of fact, for our laws pro
vide for war emergencies by authorizing the Gov
ernor, with the consent of one member of the State
Board of Examiners, to at any time raise money
needed for pubiic defense, and thus in the matter of
appropriating funds for the threatened war we have
been ready and prepared all along.
More impressive, however, than the mere voting of
appropriations contingent on the outbreak of war has
been the action of Governor Budd in notifying the
Government at Washington that California will fur
nish the necessary number pf competent officers and
men from her naval militia to man the Monadnock
or Monterey complete should occasion arise. That
this offer was regarded as of the highest value in the
emergency is made evident by the fact that the Navy
Department, through Assistant Secretary Roosevelt,
at once telegraphed to the Governor asking him to
proceed immediately to put the naval militia of the
State in a condition to meet any sudden call for their
services by the President.
If war comes with Spain it will be in the main a
war upon the sea. There will be of course a descent
upon Cuba, but as the great mass of the inhabitants
of the island will welcome our troops as liberators,
the struggle for supremacy there will not be of long
duration. It will be by navies that the contest will
be fought out, and the seaman rather than the soldier
will have to face its dangers and accomplish the vic
tory. It is for that reason that the offer of
California to furnish competent officers and men to
man the Monadnock or the Monterey was so accept
able at Washington. There were not in the navy
enough men to man the ships we had before we pur
chased the new vessels from abroad with the emer
gency defense fund, and accordingly every addition
to our naval force is doubly welcome to the Gov
ernment.
With all our loyalty to the Union, which since the
Civil War has become almost a religion in the coun
try, there still remains among our people an intense
State pride and patriotism. We are glad at all times
to see the flag of the republic borne with honor
through dangerous duties, but the gladness has an
added intenseness when it is borne by the hands of
men who represent our State. It is therefore with
more than ordinary gratification that we see Califor
nia taking a foremost place in offering to the Govern
ment men who will serve the nation in the post of
greatest danger if war comes, as now seems inevit
able. Governor Budd has done his duty well, and the
naval militia that has so promptly responded for duty
has added another to many reasons why Califomians
are almost as proud of their State as of the republic
itself.
If the people of this country had their way they
would send a polite note to the powers setting forth
the advantage which may accrue to a nation by the
simple process of attending to its own business. This
little affair with Spain can be attended to strictly by
home talent.
A father who shot five times at a man who had
grossly insulted his daughter was promptly released
by the Police Judge, which was well. However,
there is a feeling that any father under such circum
stances ought to do a little better shooting.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 1898.
THE SUPPRESSION OF POOLROOMS.
—^ FFORTS made by the Merchants' Association
to bring about the suppression of poolrooms in
* — * the city are in themselves commendable, and it
is gratifying to law abiding people to have the asso
ciation actively assisting in a work of the kind. The
fact that such efforts on the part of such an organ
ization are necessary is, however, a matter to be de
plored. Why should an association of private citizens
be called on to perform a work which the law imposes
upon the police?
Any enforcement of law by private citizens is a
species of lynch law; it is an evidence that the police
have not performed their duty. Had the Chief of
Police and the force under his command exerted any
thing like a proper vigilance and energy it would not
have been necessary for the merchants of the city to
combine to put an end to the illicit traffic of pool
selling. The situation, therefore, is by no means
creditable to the community, for the very approval
given to the Merchants' Association carries with it
a condemnation of the officers of the law.
There is no excuse for the inaction of the police in
the matter. A short time ago The Call thoroughly
exposed the extent to which illicit pool-selling is car
ried on. It gave elaborate descriptions of rooms in
which pools are sold exclusively to women and speci
fied the locations of each of them. All the informa
tion which the police could have required to find
the rooms and suppress them was made public In
formation was also given of the sale of pools to
minors. With all these facts before them the police
did nothing, or next to nothing, and pool-selling
went along as openly as if it were legal and honest
business instead of an illegal and nefarious trade.
Downtown poolrooms are unlawful and it is the
duty of the police to suppress them. That suppres
sion can be brought about if the Chief of Police sees
fit to order it. If the officers will raid the poolrooms
and arrest all who are found there and carry away all
the paraphernalia of the dens, it will not be long be
fore illicit pool-selling in San Francis o will cease
to be a public scandal and an open temptation to
young men and foolish women. The continuance of
the evil is due to the negligence of the police, and the
necessity for interference on the part of the Mer
chants' Association is a proof of the necessity for a
change in police methods and police management.
REPAYING MARKET STREET.
A MORNING contemporary, commenting upon
the project of repaying Market street prior to
the construction of a main sewer and a final
settlement with the digging corporations, says that
damage to the surface from building a sewer and lay
ing gas and water pipes need not be considered.
"Under good management," this eminent reasoner
declares, "it is as easy to relay a section of pavement
properly as to lay it well in the first place." It is
impossible to controvert this self-evident truth. But
what about the fact that during forty years of muni
cipal life not a section of pavement in San Francisco
has been "properly" laid in the second place?
It is not incredible that our esteemed Market street
improver may be induced to perceive the error of its
arguments by applying them to its own business. An
engine in its basement is necessary to run its presses.
But suppose the architect who designed its tall struc
ture, upon submitting the plans, had said, "Oh, yes, I
an engine must go in, but I have not yet decided
upon the best make. We will put that in afterward.
True, we may have to tear down the building to do it. !
but it is easy to reconstruct, you know. Men and
money will do anything." Will our contemporary
please inform an expectant public what would have '
happened to that architect soon after making this
speech?
Nor does the additional statement that where pav
ing is not done aright the fault lies with the Super
intendent of Streets help out the argument. It is not
impossible that when it becomes necessary to over
haul the city's sewers we may have a Superintendent
with a "sense of responsibility," but the contingency
is so remote as to be scarcely worth considering. We
have had no Superintendent with a "sense of respon
sibility" since the consolidation of the city— that is,
if we are to judge from the fact that 150 miles of
streets have been accepted in which no permanent
sewers have been laid or gas and water pipes ar
ranged. Consequently it is safe to assume that we
never will have one.
The truth of the matter is — and we say it without
desjring to interfere with the plans of our contempor
ary or those of the contractors who hope to make a
few dollars out of the work— that repaying Market
street prior to the. construction of a main sewer and
conduits for water and gas pipes and telegraph wires
is a scheme so wild as to actually surpass even the
genius of a Board of Supervisors. Boards of Super
visors are famous for beginning at the wrong ends of
things. Were it physically possible we could imagine
them building the roofs of houses before the founda
tions. But in repaying Market street according to the
plans proposed the present board has gained a niche
in the temple of fame to which no "solid nine" or
"shifty eight" will ever be likely to aspire. Th> work
will cost $150,000. Half this money will be thrown
away if the street is repaved without first building
a sewer and spiking the guns of the burrowing cor
porations.
But, as the hod carrier said when he lost a dollar
in the lottery, "Aisy comes, aisy goes." Taxes come
easy: make them fly.
JAIL TriE PLfICE FOR THEM.
THERE is seldom reason for surprise when men
are allowed to qualify on bonds which they
have no property to make good. This form of
crime is common, and it is most inexcusable, be
cause it is impossible unless through the connivance
or the carelessness of a Judge. But it is surprising
when an offender is detected that he should be per
mitted to escape punishment. He is guilty of per
jury, committed under such circumstances as may
work great wrong to the community. Jail is the
place for him.
Two men went on the bond of one Cervantes, so
as to permit him to administer the estate of his wife,
it having come into his possession by the sudden
and suspicious death of the woman after she had
been married a week. They swore they had prop
erty worth $2000 each, and were accepted by Judge
Coffey. Yet tiie first's property is assessed °at
$1100. it being incumbered by a mortgage for $1600
Besides, the man. as he confessed to the Judge, is
not a citizen. The second only has property assessed
at $750. The Judge refused to retain them on the
bond. He did not cause their arrest for perjury
The public would like to know why.
The fact that an~uTs^ance company is anxious to
lend the Government $10,000,000 shows that it recog
nizes a good investment when it sees it.
By a little more ingenuity the lawyers for Haynes
may establish the fact that brave Lieutenant Burke
killed himself.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
At the Opera Comlque, the other day,
the first performance was given of "L'lle
dv Reve" (The Dream Island), described
as a "Polynesian Idyl." The opera is
based on Pierre Lotl's successful novel,
"Le Mariage de Loti." and Reynaldo
Hahn contributed the music. Loti, who
is the youngest member of the French
Academy, is a naval officer with a singu
lar capacity for falling In love and get
ting married to the ladies he meets in
different ports. It Is saiu that . he has
contracted no less than six different mat
rimonial alliances, not to speak of a
legitimate marriage in France. As the
French law takes no rojrniznno«» of wed
dings with little Japanese and Polynesian
maidens, Loti has sailed away scot free
when the hymeneal chains have begun to
chafe. The six marriages have never
been officially authenticated, but it is a
fact that Loti has written so picturesque
ly about some of his spurious weddings—
the alliance with sweet "Mme. Chrysan
themum," for instance— all the world
PIERRE LOTI, on Whose Successful Novel, "Le Mariage de Loti," Hahn's Opera, "L'lle
dv Reve" (The Dre^n Island), Is Based.
The picture represents the famous novelist V character costume aa an Arab Sheik.
has read, and a large part If it has sym-
pathized with the omnivorous lover. The
opera "L'lle dv Reve" tells of one of
these weddings. Most of the male char
acters in the work wear French naval
uniforms. Monsieur Clement sang the
role of the glittering but delusive Loti.
It is certainly a new departure for a man
to go to an opera house and see a singer,
wearing his uniform and bearing his
name, go through a love-making and
marriage which he himself has actually
experienced.
The aeed Verdi is still to the front,
this time, however, not in connection with
opera. He has gone to Paris to person
ally superintend the production of some
new sacred music suitable for Holy
Thursday and Good Friday. The peren
nial old man of music will conduct his
compositions to-day and to-morrow at
the concerts of the Societe dv Conserva
toire. Strange to say there are no solo
parts for men's voices in the latest work
of the master, most of the score consist
ing of solo and quartet work for female
voices. The vocalists chosen to interpret
the music are Miles. Ackte and Louise
Grandjean, sopranos, and Mile. Delna and
Mme. Heglon, contraltos. Mile. Ackte is
a young girl who only graduated a few
months ago from the Paris Conservatoire,
where she won the grand prize for sing
ing. She stepped straight from her music
school, to the boards of the Opera Com
ique, where she made her appearance as
Marguerite, in "Faust," with such suc
cess that she became a popular Parisian
Idol at once. She is said to recall Chris
tine Nllspon, both in her beauty and her
voice, and the fact that Verdi has select
ed her to render his new music speaks
volumes for her future success.
By royal decree, Ovlde Musin has been
made a professor of the violin at the
Liege Conservatory, in place o.
Thompson. This will be like coming homo
for the wandering Musin, for he was a
student and a "wonner child" at the same
conservatory, and in 1868 at the a^e of 14
he took two gold medals. After complet
ing his studies with Leonard he went to
Paris with his professor, and about
twenty years ago played with flattering
success in England, Holland and Switzer
land. The passion for travel then seized
• .■... ami liv. - . uiiULl'iuxk a SerisJuiOl i«...
forgotten for years together In the
world's musical centers.. Musln has twice
made the tour of the world, and in the
course of his journeys has wandered over
both the Americas. He has also exten
sively explored Japan, Java and Siberiaand
has visited Australia, New Zealand and
many parts of Africa. Either owing to
his wandering life or to other causes,
Musin ! lost some of his skill as a virtu
oso, and could never be relied upon to
play with his former brilliancy. '; It is to
be. hoped that now he has settled down
in the home of his childhood he will de
vote himself more seriously to music
again. Musin has not completely for
sworn traveling, however, for he has only
undertaken to teach in Liege for six
months in the year. On his last appear
ance In San Francisco he played during
most of his concerts to empty houses.
The English play censor Is evidently of
one mind with the local tenors who suf
fers from qualms of conscience when the
San Francisco Oratorio Society rehearses
Snlnt-Sacns' "Samson et Dalila." Grau
had this fine opera among the list of
works to be produced during the coming
season at Covent Garden Opera-house,
London. The censor has positively pro
hibited its representation. This is not
on account of any intrinsic levity, for as
an oratorio it would pass muster in the
British Isles without question, but operas
based on Scriptural subjects are never
allowed in operatic form In England.
When Rossini's "Moses" was creating a
furor in a number of European cities its
production was prohibited in England till
the music had been adapted to a new
libretto entitled "Peter the Hermit."
When the actions of Moses were attribut
ed to the preacher of the First Crusade
the work was produced without question.
Later, when the public wanted "Moses"
in its integrity, it was produced in ora
torio form. Great disgust is expressed in
France at the fact that "Samson" will
not be heard in London this season.
An opera by Emilio Ferrari is soon to
be produced in Milan, written to the
verses of the "Cantico di Cantici." a
drama by the late Cavalloti. Special in
terest will attach to this work on ac
count of the tragic death of Cavalloti a
few weeks ago. He was one of the most
distinguished politicians in Italy, and was
a brilliant orator and journalist. Caval
loti considered himself Insulted by some
remarks in a newspaper article written
by a political rival, and a duel was the
consequence. The politician's friends
thought iittle of t ...5. as ho had already
fought thirty-two ,iels without serious
consequences. It was also his adversary's
sixteenth duel. On the field Cavalloti,
who was very near-sighted, received a
sword thrust In 1 .c lip. He signaled that
the wound was only slight, when sud
denly he put his hand to his mouth and
fell forward, dead. The sword thrust had
cleft his eloquent tongue In two and had
mortally wounded his throat. Cavallotl
was a popular idol, and the opera "Can
tlco di Cantici" ("Sor.g of Songs"), found
ed on his drama, will be regarded as a
sort of swan song.
Next June an effort will be made to
transport Bayreuth to the banks of the
Thames. There are a great many Lon
doners who want to see Wagner opera
in all its glory, but who cannot spend the
time reqi«slte to travel to the temple of
art presided over by Frau Cosima Wag
ner. For their delectation an effort is
being made to give a series of Wagner
operas in exact imitation of the enter
tainment provided at Bayreuth. Herr
Schulz-Curtius has charge of the enter
prise and poor Seidl was to have been
the conductor. Efforts are now being
made to secure Mottl or Nisksch. Among
the artists are to be Nordica, Brema,
Ternina and Ella Russel, Jean and
Edouard de Reszke, Van Dyck Lieban,
Van Rooy and Wittekopf. The entire
cycle of the "Nibelung" will be given and
the cost of an orchestra chair for the en
tire series will be $26 50. If the enterprise
prcves successful, and other cities follow
the example of London, Frau Cosima
Wagner may perchance find her temple
deserted.
Statistics have been gathered concern
ing the new symphonic works produced
in London last year. It seems that there
were sixty-five symphonies which were
due to forty different composers. It goes
without saying that on their native heath,
so to speak, the British composers out
number the others. Eighteen Britishers
are responsible for twenty-one of the
compositions. Then follow nine Russians
with seventeen compositions. Ten Ger
mans produced thirteen, nine Frenchmen
are responsible for twelve of the sym
phonic works, and finally a Bohemian
and a Scandinavian each contributed one
symphony to make up the total sixty
live. Not a single American or Italian
figures on the list.
The Saint-Cecilia Society of Copen
hagen is reviving old Italian church
music with a success which ought to lead
choral societies in other countries to fol
low its example. "Jephtha," an oratorio
by Carissimi, has been found as interest
ing as any modern work and several of
Palcstrina's works have delighted the
audiences.
Signorina Virginia Marian!, who wrote
the music of the new opera "Dal Sogno
alia Vita," which has been produced in
Italy, Is a graduate of the Musical Lyce
um of Pesaro, whose destinies are pre
sided over by Mascagni. Virginia Mari
anl has two sisters who are also distin
guished musicians.
Frauleln Josepha Joachim, the second
daughter of the celebrated violinist, has
ju&t become engaged to a young' pro
fessor of the University of Berne. She
has announced that she will never again
appear on the stage, which is a loss to
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Royal is the great-
est of all the baking
powders in strength,
purity, healthfulness
art. for her theatrical debut was moat
brilliant.
The ex-tenor GambarelH. who enjoyed
his quarter of an hour of popularity in
Italy, has renounced the theater forever
and" has become a priest. News comes
that he has celebrated his first mass at
Bergamo.
Some amateurs belonging to the ci"urt
of Berlin are rehearsing a musical sket.Jh,
"The Road to Glory." Emperor William
has snatched time from his manifold
occupations to write the scenario for thia
work.
Richard Mand! has had remarkable
success in Berlin in conducting his suite
"Grisilidis." which was played by the
Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra.
THE YANKEE_SP!RIT.
Old Uncle Sam he sez: "I gruess
I'm gittin' played out," sez he;
"They're grovvln' so In the big U. S.
That they've got no use fer me.
The East and the West don't seem ter hitch.
And the North and South won't mix,
And all that Jibes with their pesky tribes
19 money and politics."
Old Uncle Sam had said his word.
And he s?t him down and sighed.
But a sneakln' mean little rascal heard
That lived on the other side.
"Well, now." sez he, "I can pay my grudge.
That teller Is almost gone.
There's a chance ter lick. " so he fetched a klc*
On old Uncle Sam's pet corn.
Old Uncle Sam he felt the whack.
And riz with a kinder moan,
"My folks hain't standin' behind my back-
Sez he, "I must tight alone."
He stopped, for up from the land behind.
In thunderin' crash and beat.
Rang out the hums of a thousand drums.
And the tramp of a million feet.
Old Uncle Sam he turned his bead
And looked at the monstrous thronf.
Who sang with the starry flag* outspread.
The old "Star Spangled" song;
And there want no North and there want n#
South,
And there want no East nor West,
But each was part of a mighty heart
That beat In a nation's breast.
Old Uncle Sam he heard 'em yell
In a. voice like the ocean's roar,
"Go in, and we'll back yer up aa well
As our fathers done afore. ' . -,
We'll give yer money, we'll give yer men,,**
We're with yer heart and hand. 4tf
And we'll strew our slain from tho Gulf ti."
Maine .r
Fer the honor of Tankeeland."
Old Uncle Sam he whirled Rround.
And his fare was all aglow,
And he sorter smiled at that furrun hound.
And he sez: "Well, I dunno.
We miiy seem lost In the greed fer sold,
Divided and all upset.
But when we're rlpht and we've grot ter fight,
I reckon we're true blue yet."
—Joe Lincoln in L. A. W. Bulletin.
A TRAVELING LIBRARY.
To the Editor of The Call— Sir: On Mon
day last I read your article on "A Travel
ing Library." I believe you have broached
a long felt want in all rural districts. By
all means place books in our hands if It
can possibly be done. Tour readers, I
think, would like to have you unfold, in
all its details, the plan by which books
in the State Library can be made use of
by those who are distant from the cap
ital, and especially as to the defraying
of the increased expense incurred.
The people know they are taxed to pay
for the books; they know therefore that
they are entitled to read them: they
know it would be a great boon to them if
they could have them to read, and there
fore it is to be hoped that The Call will
continue, what It has so well begun, an
agitation for a measure of justice to a
large number of citizens whose Isolation
has caused them to suffer from neglect
and non-appreciation.
_. ... „ JOHN ROBERTSON,
Cotatl, Cal.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
LARGEST COUNTY-E. K. R.. Los An
geles, Cal.-The largest county In th»
m k £ California Is San Bernardino,
which has an area of 20.160 square miles.
GERMAN IN SCHOOLS-H. A., City,
The German language is not taught In
any of the night schools in the city »f
San Francisco. ~
BONDS— Lucius. Cal. All acts of the
United States authorizing the issuance
of bonds provide that the princrna. and
interest shall be paid in legal c^in
rsone provide in direct terms that such
shall be paid in gold coin.
GERMANY AND CALIFORNIA— N.M.,
City. The area of the German Empire is
208,670 square miles and that of California
is 153.360. The estimate in acres as given
at the office of the United States Sur
veyor for the State of California is 100,
500,000.
UNITED STATES POPULATION— K.
N., City.— What the population of the
United States is will not be definitely
known until the census shall have been
taken in 1300. According to estimates fur
nished the compiler of the New York
World almanac for the current year the
same being furnished by the Governors
of States and other officials, it appears
that the population was on the first of
last January 77,705,622.
FOUR NAVIES-^. D. C. City. Accord
ing to\\ hittaker's Almanack, the strength
of the navy of Great Britain is 639 vessels
of all classes and 93,750 officers and men
Another authority gives the following
figures for the nations named: France
439 vessels, 78,537 officers and men- Ger
many, 298 vessels. 19.614 officers and men-
Russia. 360 vessels, 43.368 officers and men
Aggregate of _c last three given: Ves
sels, llut; officers and men. 141.519.
Solid cream Eastt-rj-ggs. sc. Townsend*
Cream Klondikers. loc. Townsend's. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont!
gomery street. Telephone Main lm. •
CANADIAN LAND-GRABBERS.
The action of Canadian officials in the
northwest in putting their custom-houses
at the summit of passes on territory
claimed by the United States may put to
fc test v. l . hh £ tt TT S fr . lend9hlp for the United
Mates which Britons are professing Just
at present. The United States may js«
busy with Spain, but not too busy to pro-*
tect its own boundaries. From any point
of view the action of the Canadians in
thus complicating a question which was
already progressing rapidly toward amic
able and reasonable settlement must be
regarded by civilized people as discredit
able.—Buffalo Express.
Angostura Bitters— Prepared by Dr. Siza
ekt for his private use. have become famous as
the heat appetizing- tonic. Accept no other.
Throat Diseases commence; with a Court
Cold or Sore Throat. "Brown's Bronchial Troi
ches " give Immediate and sure relief.
ARISTOCRACY TONED DOWN.
Michael Davitfs assertion that the Fn
gllsh aristocracy hates America is mads
with deliberation, perhaps, yet he m u -t
remember a change may have come over
that aristocracy since its impoverished
nobles began marrying the daughters nf
American millionaires.— Springfield Re
publican. VLTHE DOCTOR'S
SECRET WENT
WITH HIM
Inventor Lee Has Not
Been Seen For
Years.
Made Damascus Steel by
a Method Discovered
by Him.
Mrs. Kelly Gave Up Her Fanch
for a Big Block of the
Stock.
SUED FOR HER PROPERTY.
Fourteen Yetra the Supreme
Court Decides Against
Her.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, April C.
An Interesting suit which has been In
litigation for fourteen years and which
has at different times proved of great in- I
terest to Alameda and Contra Costacoun- j
tics was decided by the Supreme Court I
yesterday. It is the famous suit of Kelly |
vs. Owens, which involves the 3e~rets of '
the discovery of making the celebrated ;
Damascus steel, the manufacture of
which is generally considered to be a lost
art.
Sixteen years ago Dr. Lee, one of the :
best known physicians of this city, a rel- '
Etive of the Lees of Virginia, a man of
great scientific attainments and of an ex- '
perimontal nature, started a series of
Iments having for their object the
discovery of the process of making that
quality of steel known as Damascus steel.
At great expense and with much labor
he succeeded in producing a small quan
. steel at his experimental works at
Melrose. The metal ho produced was
by scientists and experts and was
ted to be the best quality of steel
then known. He made a tew bars of it
ui-a gave them to dentists and instrument
makers, and they an agreed that it made
• tit Instruments mat could possibly
;. ana that no such steei had
ever been brought to their notice.
Among those who used instruments
made from the metal was Dr. Christen
: San Francisco, another doctor in. j
Martinez and others, who still adhere to
the declaration that Dr. Lee had indeed
valuable discovery.
Having expended nearly all of his money
on his experiments, Dr. Lee was unable
to proceed further without financial as- j
fusiance. j.ue success of his work was so '•
well attested that a Mr. Owens of San
Leandro put up the necessary funds and
1 Lee at once built at Martinez a
plant for the manufacture of the steel.
. .ought the land on which their plant
rei led and incorporated, after which
ound no diflicuity In disposing of
their stock for cash on the market.
A little later Mrs. Kelly, the plaintiff in
it just decided, took an interest in
the plant, and became so imbued with
the spirit of speculation that she did not
give i'r. Lee any peace until she had se
cured a very large block of the stock. In
order to do this she exchanged with the
corporation a parcel of land consisting of
res, located in Glenn County, and
worth $15, w.i. for her stock. Mrs. Kelly
was very eager to obtain the stock, which
Owens could then have sold at its cash
value in the open market.
After the exchange, Mrs. Kelly took a
personal interest in the manufacture of
the steel, and was continually at theplant
In Martinez. Dr Lee stated to his friends
that Mrs. Kelly was altogether too im- '
and that her presence at the
works worried and annoyed him con- j
ibly. Finally, in desperation, Dr. j
Leo stated that he needed a rest. He left !
the works at Martinez and went to San
Francisco. He paid a few bills, made a
few calls, attended to much important
ness, and absolutely dropped out of ;
sight. He was last seen about fourteen
years ago taking the train to Santa Cruz, i
and from that time to this nothing what
ever has been heard of him.
l i is mysterious disappearance with the !
secret of the process for making the steel
upset the work at Martinez, and Mrs.
Kelly, realizing that her stock was not
likely to produce anything, brought suit
to have her contract of exchange set
eside. She commenced her action over
thirteen years ago and the original c«m- j
plaint was written by Judge Catlinof Sac
ramento. Some time later D. M. Delmas
and Messrs. deary and Franklin P. Bull :
represented the plaintiff and the case was
tried a: Martinez before a Napa County
Judge, since dead. Judge Dwindle
cf the old District Court of San Fran-
Cisco, and David McClure, both of whom
are nov dead, were the attorneys for
Owi as and the case was bitterly fought \
and created much interest more because !
of the legal talent engaged than the mer
its of the suit.
During the litigation Owens died and
bis widow became the defendant. The
: trial resulted in a verdict for the
rilaintin. but this was reversed by the
Supreme Court, which ordered a new trial,
llefore the argument was made in the
Bupreme Court, the attorneys, Dwinelle
S.nd McClure were dead and the case was
argued by Garrett McEnerney.
Judge Gibson of this city and Welles '
Whitmore then entered the case, which
Va.s retried at Martinez before judge
Jones. It was again decided against the
defendant, Owens, and was once more !
taken to the Supreme Court. That tri- j
tunal in an opinion written by Judge Me- i
Karland reversed the judgment and
granted defendant a new trial. A motion
was made for a rehearing by Attorney |
l'elmas, which was granted, and the case i
was again argued before the Supreme j
«'ourt in bank. Yesterday they affirmed'
the department decision, giving defendant I
it new trial, and this virtually decides
the case in favor of the defendant, be
cause the decision touches on a point
v.!:ieh prevents a new trial. It states
that inasmuch as the suit was an action
for a rescinding of a contract, there
Ihould have been an off»*r to rescind made
c any action was commenced. As
..us not done, the attorneys for the
defendant claim they have won their case
I -.St.
At intervals regular searches have been
made to discover the presence or fate of
Dr. Lee, but so far nothing has .been
h< ird *>f the Melrose experimenter since
■ seen on the Santa Cruz train over
thirteen years ago.
Estaba Asks for Delay.
OAKLAND, Apjril 6.— Joao.uin Estaba
■surprised the court this mornin" when
he was arraigned for the murder of
Charles E. Gates, the tamale man, by
asking that the case be continued for a
month, to enable him to secure an at
torney As he confessed to the crime at
the time, the court iiucstloned him closely
us to his ability to secure funds for an
attorney. His only answer wa3 thav he
I.fid friends, who he hoped would help
him. Juoge Ellsworth finally consented
"■« ok's continuance, with the under
standing that he wduld appoint an at
:■>: X.-'aba should lie not secure
cue by that time.
W. W. Foote Has Gastric Fever.
OAKLAND, April C— \V. "W. ; Footc is
confined to his bed with an attack of gas
tric fever, and Dr. D. D. Crowley has for
bidden any one being admitted to his
room. He went home; Friday night com
plainlrg;, and has not been out since. "Dr.
i rowley says he cannot ■ get out 'or two
,weeks at the host. He was engaged in
the Martin damage suit now beinsr. heard
by Jndgi.! Ogdea, but his partners have
been compelled to handle ithe case alone.
Alanieda Cars on Washington Street.
, I OAKLAND. Auril 6.— Swltcb.es , cave .
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
been placed on Fourteenth street, near
Broadway, and in the near future the
Oakland 'Transit Company, successors or
the Realty Syndicate, will run the Ala
meda cars from Broadway to Washington
street, op Sixth, thence to Fourteenth and
Broadway. Ther' they will switch across
and run back again. Transfers will be
issued to all lines crossed belonging to the
Oakland Transit Cor.-.nany. The company
is putting in a large amphitheater at
Oakland Park, formerly known as Blair
Park, and will enlarge the dancing pa
vilion and orchestra platform. The reg
ular Sunday afternoon concerts will be
resumed at Leona Heights Sunday.
MR. MILLER HAS FRIENDS.
Good Roads Association Petition for
His Retention in Office.
OAKLAND, April 6.— At a meeting of
the executive committee of the Good
Roads Association of Alameda County,
last night. Seth Mann introduced the fol
lowing resoluuons which were adopted
unanimously:
Whereas, The most important office under the
municipal government which concerns the con
struction and repair of the streets is the office
of the superintendent of streets; and, whereas,
the incumbent of that office. M. K. Miller, has
proved himself in the past to be one of the
best, most honest, able and efficient superin
tendents of streets it has ever been the good
fortune of Oakland to possess; and, whereas.
It i.-; eminently to the advantage of a city to
retain in office men of tried and proved effi
ciency and honesty, since their capacities must
Increase with experience; and, therefore, the
removal of such men from office cannot fall to
work a detriment to the community; therefore,
be it
Resolved. That the Good Roads Association
of Alameda County most cordially indorse the
administration of 11. K. Miller as superintend
ent of streets of the city of Oakland, and re
spectfully request of the Board of Public Works
that, in the interest of the city and in behalf
of the cause of good roads and good streets
and the honest and efficient administration of
this important office, they cause to be retained
therein the incumbent, M. K. Miller; and, be it
further
Resolved. That the secretary of this associa
tion be Instructed to forward a copy of the
resolutions to the Board of Public Works.
TECHNICAL FIGHT BEGUN.
Demurrer to the Indictment Charg
ing Harry Thomas With Crime.
OAKLAND, April 6.— Harry W. Thomas,
secreta. j of the Board of Public Works,
and son of Mayor Thomas, anpeared in
Judge Ellsworth's court this morning to
plead on the indictment returned by the
Grand Jury for subornation of perjury,
but his attorneys demurred to the indict
ment, and the case was continued until
next Wednesday at 10 o'clock.
HE CLAIMS A
BIG FORTUNE
William F. Barker Needs but
Two Certificates of
Proof.
Inherits Through ■ Brother Who
Has Just Died in
Missouri.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, j
908 Broadway, April 6.
A certificate of his mother's marriage
and one of his own birth are all that
stand between "William F. Barker of this j
city and an English estate of large pro- j
portions. This is the story told by that
gentleman to-day, and he gave the par- j
ticulars in the most minute detail.
This good fortune comes to him through
the death of his cousin, George T. Barker,
at Jefferson City, Mo., three weeks ago.
Tha deceased was the heir to the for- j
tune, and his cousin in this city asserts j
that he had made all proofs to the satis- j ,
faction of the Court of Chancery in Eng- j
land, and the case had been settled in
his favor. The London barrister. Sir Wil
liam Humphreys, attended to the legal |
work for the Missourian, and assured him j
before his death that he could step into
possession of his estate whenever he saw
fit to come to that country. But he never
visited the domain which is now claimed
under the English law of succession by I
W. F. Barker. I,
Mr. Barker starts away back in 1613
to trace his relationship to the estate.
In that year a son of Sir John Barker, of
Ireland, committed suicide, leaving the
Barker estate. By a series of marriages
which are fully set forth by Sir William
Humphrey, the Davidson estate of Scot
land and the Essex estate of England
have been consolidated and are now one.
The Countess of Melrose married into
the family, and should Barker and hia i
oldest son die, the Melrose Tobacco Com- I
pany would be the next heir, through that \
marriage. But this is not likely to hap
pen as Mr. Barker is pushing everything
to secure control of the estate. He says
he will have an attorney of San Fran
cisco attend to the legal points, but he
Is already in correspondence with Sir
William Humphrey. The papers upon
which it is claimed that George Barker !
made his proofs are in Los Angeles now, I
and will be turned over to his attorney
on their arrival here.
"The British Court of Chancery meets
in July," said Mr. Barker, this afternoon, ;
"and then we will know whether we can !
secure the estate without litigation. I j
was in England in 18S7 and saw the do- |
main, and was told by Sir Humphrey that
it was a very large one as well as valu- !
able. The matter had then just been
taken out of the courts. We- hope to I
avoid going into chancery, which would j
ruin our chances of ever getting it in
my lifetime.
"Until July I shall contain myself in
patience, but when the whole matter is
settled I expect to go at once to take
charge of the estate. I want it under
stood that I have received nothing from
the estate, nor will unless I get the
whole."
Mr. Barker is a hard-working mechanic,
living in North Oakland, with his wife
and family. Should his hopes be realized,
the windfall will come at a most oppor
tune time, as he is nearing the age where
making a living for his family Is some
what of a hardship.
OPPOSE A SEPARATION.
Bride of a Tugboat Marriage Does
Not Want to Give Up Her
Husband.
OAKLAND, April 6.— Angle Foster
Church, by her general guardian Vaiins.
M. Foster, has filed a demurrer to the
complaint of Mrs. Sarah Church, who
seeks to have annulled the marriage » sf
tween her son, Albert T. Church, and
Miss Foster, which took place outside the
heads about a year aeo.
The girl-wife has retained Cary Howard
and is going to a determined con
test. She has a baby to care for, and
from all that can be arned, her husband
doe* not care to be separated from nis
wife, '.the demurrer is on the ground
that the complaint does not state suf
ficient fa*?ts to constitute a cause of ac
tion; that the court has no junsdicuon
of the action or person of defendant, and
tnat the complaint is ambiguous, uncer
tain and uninte.iifc.o.e, in that it is not
stated therein nor can it be ascertained
therefrom where or at what place the
marriage took place, why or for wnat
reason the marriage is not valid. A dis
missal of the suit tfl upked.
Clement and Thomas.
OAKLAND, April C— The Board of
Police and Fire Commissioners was re
organized to-day, in acordance with the
annual custom. Mayor Thomas nomi
nated City Engineer Clement. Mr. Dow
declined to vote, and Clement voted .or
himself. Mr. Dow said he desired to have
nothing to do in the premises, and told
the two members to vote for themselves.
When the Board of Works met this af
ternoon Mayor Thomas was re-elected
president by the votes of himself and Mr.
Clement.
R. Pahl's $3 Shoes always on hand.
Agency W. L. Douglas' Shoes» 324Kearw*
JTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 1898.
WILL LET HIS
WIFE BE FREE
Young Mrs. Ainsworth
Had to Flee at Night to
Her Mother.
Very Anxious for a Piano That
She Says the Captain Gave
to Her.
The Aged Husband's Story Puts tha
Girl Wife in a Very Peculiar
Position.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. April 6.
It was decided to-day that the divorce
suit of the Ainsworths should not be con
tested. The young lady will be permitted
to obtain her divorce and the aged hus
band, old enough to be her grandfather,
with a decade of years to spare, will not
make any effort to prevent her from car
rying out plans which her correspond
ence shows she has already laid for the
future.
Captain George R. R. Alnsworth was
many years ago a wealthy New York
banker. Some of his speculations went
wrong and .he gradually lost most of his
possessions. With what little remained
to him he came to the coast and has lived
on Market street in this city many
years. He has long been a widower and
has two sons now In business in Oakland.
About eighteen months ago Captain
Ainsworth surprised his friends and rela
tives by taking to his house a young
girl then little over 17 years of age named
Ida Murphy and proclaiming that she
was his wife. An investigation was nec
essary to satisfy his family that their
father had committed any such peculiar
act, but proof was forthcoming and they
accepted the situation.
According to the young lady's com
plaint for divorce they lived in moderate
Gomestic happiness for about six months,
after which they began to quarrel. Grad
ually, according to the allegations, the
aged husband Decame more and more
cruel, ana on two occasions the girl wife
says she was forced to flee to her mother,
who lived close by the Ainsworths, for
protection. In each instance she returned
to her husband. She also says she was
induced to marry him because he repre
sented to her that he was well situated
financially, and that he was in a posi
tion to educate her and bring her up in
such a manner as bents the wife of a
wealthy man.
These promises have not been fulfilled,
but it is stated that on one occasion Cap
tain Ainsworth gave his young wife a
very good piano, and she is very anxious
that the court award her this gift. The
piano and the decree of divorce will ap
parently satisfy the young lady.
There is, however, another side to this
equinoctial romance. The captain has in
his possession some very interesting let
ters, certainly such letters as a dutiful
young wife is not supposed to write. They
are to young men, and in one of them
there is more than a suggestion that a
trip to Portland, Or., would be a pleas
ant diversion from young Mrs. Ains
worth's routine life. These letters were
corralled by the captain owing to the
thoughtlessness of young Mrs. Ainsworth
when she left for the last time her hus
band's roof-tree. The captain says that
he does not consider It advisable to try
and hold such a giddy young girl to her
marriage vows w-hen she shows such a
strong desire to have them severed, and
consequently in his answer he merely de
nies in a perfunctory way each and all of
the allegations and will not be sorry
when he is again free to commit matri
mony. •
The captain Is a dignified, well-edu
cated, reticent man, and it has always
been a surprise to his many friends how
he was led into this hasty marriage with
Miss Murplry.
A HOUSE BOBBED.
Oakland's Fake Gas Inspector Trans
fers the Scene of His Opera
tions to Alameda.
ALAMEDA, April 6.— For some time a
rascal pretending to be a gas Inspector
has been operating in Oakland. His meth
od was to gain admission to a residence
by pretending that he had been sent to
inspect the gas burners In the house,
and once inside he was usually not
watched and had time to ransack the
rooms wherein he carried on his pretend
ed inspection.
Complaints to the police became so nu
merous that the fellow apparently de
cided to transfer the scene of his opera
tions to Alameda, which he did this morn
ing, and succeeded in robbing a house of
a purse containing $3G 75, and also a gold
watch. The residence in Question was
that of W. B. Wellman at ICI7 Central
avenue. The bogus inspector called there
early this forenoon and was admitted
to the basement by a Chinaman. With
out saying anything to the Celestial he
walked directly upstairs and remained
for some time, finally leaving by the front
door. Mrs. Wellman was in the house,
but did not see or hear the intruder.
About noon she had occasion to go to
her room, when she found that her gold
watch and a purse with $36 75 in it were
gone. The police were at once notified.
The Chinaman could not give a very ac
curate description of the thief, but from
what he said it is apparent that he is
the same fake "inspector" who has been
working Oakland. The same fellow also
called at several other places to-day but
so far as heard from stole nothing more
HARBOURNE'S ACCOUNTS.
Expert Davis Will Not Make His Re
port to the Board Until
Saturday.
ALAMEDA. April 6.-It was expected
that Expert Davis, who has been at work
on the library accounts for some time in
order to ascertain the facts with regard
to the Harbourne matter, would have hia
report ready at last night's meetine of
the library trustees. He was not ready,
however, but It was stated that he would
probably hand in his report to Librarian
Weller on Saturday next, and accordingly
a special meeting of the library board
was called for Tuesday evening next, in
or-ier to consider the report.
The delay is said to have been due to
the fact that so far the expert and Treas
urer Wheeler have not been able to get
together and compare the warrants with
the treasurer's accounts. The warrants
that are said to have been manipulated
were somehow sidetracked while the
Grand Jury had the affair under consid
eration and never reached the expert
until yesterday.
SEWING TO BE TAUGHT.
Girls in the Public Schools to Re
ceive Instructions in the
Useful Art.
ALAMEDA, April 6.— At a meeting of
the Board of Education last evening a
committee of ladies was In attendance
and urged upon the board the project of
establishing classes in the schools for the
purpose of teaching the girl pupils how
to sew. t was pointed out that this was
a very necessary accomplishment, and
that many pupils did not receive instruc
tion at home, while having no time to
attend a regular sewing school. The
committee offered to stand all the ex
pense necessary for establishing the
class, and upon this showing the board
voted to allow the instruction to be given
It is proposed to have two lessons each
week, of half an hour duration in the
higher grades and twenty minutes in the
lower.
A Narrow Escape.
AIiAMEDA. April 6.— There was ft oar-.
row escape from a fatal fire at the rooms
of J. J. McDonald, on Park street, near
the postofflce today. The infant son of Mc-
Donald was playing near a coal oil stove
when its clothes caught fire. Mrs. Mc-
Donald screamed for help and several
neighbors rushed in. They quickly ex
tinguished the fire on the child's clothes,
and it was not badly burned. The tank
of the oil stove in some way also caught
fire, and one of the men who came to the
rescue threw it out of the window. In
the meantime an alarm was given and the
department turned out, but there was
nothing for it to do. No damage was
done and the child was not seriously in
jured.
Alameda News Notes.
AX.AiuEDA. April 6.— J. c. Bates and
Al Morgenstern have been elected dele
gates from Halcyon Parlor, of this city,
to the Grand Parlor of the Native Sons
at Nevada City.
The Encinal Literary Society will hold
an open meeting at the Congregational
church parlors to-morrow night. An ln
teresti*-- programme has been prepared.
WRANGLE AMONG REFORMERS.
Professor Plehn and Local Single
Taxers Wage Wordy War.
BERKELEY, April 6.— Professor C. C.
Plehn of the State University and local
single taxers are engaged in a spirited
controversy. The dispute grew out of a
statement recently made by Professor
Plehn, in a lecture at the university, to
the effect that it was the purpose of the
single tax to destroy, to a certain extent,
at least, the receipts of the landowner.
Ralph Hoyt, a prominent single taxer,
took exception to the statement in tha
following sarcastic rejoinder:
• "It seems strange that a high-salaried
professor of political economy in a great
State institution of learning cannot dis
tinguish between destroying ground rent
and taking it for public purposes; or, see-
Ing the difference, that he will not admit
it. If he cannot or will not do that much
toward making the institution useful, the
question naturally arises: What Is he
there for?"
Professor Plehn retorts that it Is useless
to argue with the single tax men, as
"they invariably follow the advice given
to young lawyers: 'When you have no
case abuse your opponents,' " and. In
conclusion, characterizes the proposal of
the single taxers as follows:
"The single tax is not a practical pro
posal for tax reform, unless we first ad
mit the desirability of the social and eco
nomic revolution which these people de
sire to accomplish. I have therefore al
ways confined my study of taxation to
the sufficiently difficult question of what
is the best mode of taxation under the
present economic organization, with prop
erty as it now is. How taxation should
be under another system !s a question as
remote as would be the question of tax
ation in the planet Mars."
MERCHANTS ASK A
GENERAL HOLIDAY
"Tunnel Day " at the RaceTrack
to Be Made an Event of
Importance.
The Exchange Has Outlined a Plan
That Should Insure Big Re
ceipts.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 6.
If the tunnel road which is planned to
connect Alameda and Contra Costa coun
ties be not soon built it will not be the
fault of the Merchants' Exchange or of
President Williams of the race track.
The "Tunnel Road Day" at the race
track has not yet been set, but will be
agreed upon this week.
The committee u f the Merchants' Ex
change has made the following report:
There Is no time to be lost. Preparations
should be made at once. As soon as the day is
announced by Mr. Williams, tickets should be
ready for sale. Then the Mayor should be
asked to declare it a legal holiday. Proprietors
of stores, factories, mills and shops should be
asked to close their places of business. The
ladies of the Ebell Society and all other ladies'
organizations should be asked to participate.
The Labor Exchange and all other organiza
tions, the Acme, Reliance, Turners, Young
Men's Institute, Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation ami Good Roads Association, and all
other societies which have not been heretofore
mentioned should consider themselves invited
from Berkeley, Alameda, San Leandro and the
rest of the county, as well as Oakland.
San Francisco can also afford to donate
handsomely, for it will open a pleasure drive
for her people and the many tourists stopping
at her hotels. A four-in-hand drive with an
easy grade that will bring: thi>m to the top of
Mount Diablo is pronounced by those
■who have been witnesses that a sunset or a
sunrise at that particular §pot is worth half
of a person's life. This certainly ought to be
a ereat inducement for San Francisco to
assist.
If this plan, as pictured, is carried out, there
can be little doubt that the amount re
quired for building- the tunnel can be raised in
a day, and no one will be any poorer, and the
$1 Invested will bring interest at the rate of 100
per cent. Last, but not least, the press must
be asked to assist, for it lies In their powr to
make success perfect. Your committee knows
that the press has been in the lead for years,
pointing out the benefits which would be de
rived in both counties by closer communication
and better roads. All of our local and also the
San Francisco papers have furnished editorials
time and again and your committee asks the
gentlemen kindly to Keep it up.
Had His Thumb Broken.
BERKELEY, April 6.— "Dick" Mott,
'99, the substitute catcher of the varsity
baseball nine, had the bone of his right
thumb broken this afternoon while catch
ing off the bat. As a result of the blow
the bone was driven clear through the
flesh. Mott was taken to the gymnasium
to have his hand attended to. He will
be unable to play any more this season.
His forced withdrawal will leave nobody
to take Mem's place behind the bat in
case of an accident to the latter.
Berkeley News Notes.
, BERKELEY. April 6.— There will be a
review and inspection of the cadets at
the university next Monday morning at
11:15. Captains Craig and Wigmnre will
command the two battalions and Lieu
tenants Budd and Eastman will act as
adjutants. Major Loye 11. Miller will act
as lieutenant-colonel.
The semi-annual supper of the college
Y. M. C. A. was held this evening at
Stiles Hall. Over 100 students were pres
ent. Brief speeches were made by Pro
fessor E. B. Clapp and others.
A meeting of the Athletic Association
will be held on Friday morning at 11:15 in
Stiles Hall for the purpose of "jollying
up" the baseball players in anticipation
of the game against Stanford Saturday,
which Is the first of the intercollegiate
series.
The university basketball team to-day
defeated a team of young ladies from the
Mission Branch Y. M. C. A.. San P'ran
cisco, by a score of 10 to 1. The Berkeley
girls are training systematically and
practicing songs and yells for their game
with the Nevada University girls next
Saturday afternoon at 2 o'clock in Odd
Fellows' Hall, San Francisco.
The April number of the University
Magazine appeared to-day. It contains ar
ticles by Professor Isaac Flagg on "The
Translation Habit," and by W. H. Gor
rill '95, on "Harvard as a State Univer
sity." The magazine, with this issue, be
comes the official organ of the associated
alumni of the university.
The university tennis tournament for
the doubles will be held next Saturday
morning at the Madison Courts, Oak
land. California representatives for the
Intercollegiate tournament will be chosen.
On Friday evening the various .hristian
Endeavor societies of the Berkeley Union
will hold a social at the First Congrega
tional Church. The following newly elect
ed officers of the union will be installed:
President, H. O. Woo^worth; vice-presi
dent, W. M. Martin: secretary. Miss Ruth
Engle; treasurer, A. \V. Kaylor.
Sued for Legal Services.
J. B. Skinner, assignee of the claim of
John H. Dickinson, commenced suit yes
terday against the Pacific Fruit Company
t.) recover a balance of $1253 10. claimed to
be due for iegal services rendered.
The fac-simile ' >T^ ; J \y'/^>J^ m *• on t^^ B^§
Miniature of £ws£7&£3*& <* CASTOItLL
GARDNER HAS
TOLD TWO
ROMANCES
The Ex-Police Clerk
Is in a Very Tight
Box.
Inspector Maloon Relates
His Experience of a
Year Ago.
To Several People Gardner
Has Denied His Latest
Testimony.
WAS THOMAS' DEFENDER.
A Development of the City Hall
Scandals That Savor of Con
spiracy.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 6.
The Grand Jury now has to deal with
many suggestions of perjury and unless
appearances are very deceptive Harry
Thomas will soon have company in so
far as being indicted is concerned.
The latest story, which was partly
told to the Grand Jury before it ad
journed and which will be completed
to-morrow, is that of License Inspector
Maloon, whose testimony flatly contra
dicts some of the stories credited to
Charles E. Gardner, ex-clerk of the
Chief of Police. he matter concerns
the loans and subscriptions said to have
been engineered in the interest of
Mayor Thomas by Gardner.
In an interview published Sunday
Gardner said:
The next morning I went to the
Major's office and told him of my
conversation with Wilds. He said
that it was true that he was very
hard up, and that if the boys were
willing to put up something for him
he could not stop them. I asked
the Mayor what he thought would
be a fair subscription. He replied
that the men could subscribe ac
cording to their salaries. Then
the Mayor said: "I think you are
just the one to take this subscrip
tion in hand; a man can put his
name down for what he pleases."
The Mayor then wrote the pre
amble to the subscription list, as
near as I can remember, as fol
lows:
"We, the undersigned, in view of
the contest filed by John L. Davie
over the recent election, the cost
of which contest will fall on
Mayor Thomas, coming, as it does,
on top of a long spell of sickness,
with doctors' bills to pay, and
with the full knowledge and con
sent of said Mayor Thomas, do
hereby subscribe the amounts set
opposite to our names."
The Mayor handed me the pre
amble and I reduced it to type
writing and presented it to Chief
of Police Lloyd. He put his name
down for $10U and 1 signed for $50.
I then took it to Henry Maloon,
License Collector, who was ap
pointed by Thomas, but he re
fused to subscribe. I spoke to Cap
tain of Police Sam Mitchell about
it, and he said the thing was an
outrage and he would not sub
scribe. Finally Chief Lloyd came
to me and said the thing was in
judicious, and told me to stop cir
culating the petition.
The next day the Mayor came to
me and asked me what I had done.
I told him what oraers the chief
had given me, and he said he
guessed it was right. I then gave
the Mayor $50 in cash as my share
of the subscription Shortly after
Dr. Fall came into my office and
read the subscription list, as it lay
on my desk. At the time I pledged
him to secrecy. Subsequently
Chief Lloyd destroyed the sub
scription list.
In August, 1897, Mayor Thomas
again came to me and asked for a
loan of $200. I told him that I did
not have the money and he asked
me to dig it up among the boys.
He said he held a block of mining
stock he was about to lose and he
could not get the money at the
bank. He wante- me to go to
Chief Lloyd to get the loan. I de
clined. He wanted to know if I
"knew any police officers who had
money. I told him Police Officer
Woods had money. The Mayor
said: "You borrow $200 from
Woods and give him your note
for ninety days at 10 per cent.
Then I will make out a note to
you and Harry and myself will
sign it. You get Lloyd to sign
your note." I began to talk loud
in the hallway, saying Woods
would not give me the money,
when the Mayor replied: tr Hush—
somebody will hear you; I will get
the money elsewhere."
A few days later the Mayor came
to me and wanted me to give up
$10, but I did not have the money.
In October, 1897. the Mayor rushed
into my office, just after I had col
lected my salary. He said he was
very hard up and wanted $25 for
a day or two. I said: "Mayor, I
atn hard up and can't let you have
it unless you promise to pay me
back." He promised, and I gave
him the money, and then he rushed
out of the office. He has not paid
me back, and I propose to sue
him next week. In the meantime
Harry Thomas borrowed $50 from
Police Officer Phillips, and the lat
ter chased him for the money for
weeks. I believe he got it in the
end.
When this story was first told some
weeks ago Gardner was interviewed by
the Oakland Tribune and on March 25
the following appeared in that paper:
Rumors of other requested loans
have been in circulation on the
streets to-day, one of the principal
ones being that Charts Gardner,
clerk of Chief of Police Lloyd, had
gone around with a subscription list
in the interests of the Mayor.
Gardner was indignant when
spoken to in regard to the matter,
and made an emphatic denial.
"I have paid the Mayor ndthing,';
he said, "and I have loaned him
nothing. He has never spoken to me
of money matters, and I know of no
one to whom he has. I know abso
lutely nothing of any money trans
actions in which the Mayor is inter
ested. I have never bought shares in
a mine from the Mayor or any agent
of his, and I did not know that he
had anything to do with a mine. This
is the first I have heard of any sub
scription list, and I am just as un
familiar with the business affairs of
Harry Thomas as I am with those of
his father."
Before the Grand Jury Gardner, It Is
said, substantiated the story told by
him to the newspapers.
"Gardner has prevaricated hugely,"
said License Inspector Henry Maloan
to-night, "and I am going to ; prove it
He ; came Ito me • one morning ■ after I
was ; appointed and said, 'Maloon, I
have a subscription I want you to
sign.' "We ; went into the office and
Gardner showed me a typewritten copy
of a subscription list that he had pre
pared, and it ■ was signed by Chief
Lloyd and Gardner for $25. I asked
him : 'Gardner, does the Mayor know
anything about this business? ,'No, he
does not,' was the reply, 'but that is all
right.' 'Did he suggest -this?' I next
asked. 'No, Chief Lloyd and I decided
that as we owed our positions to a him
that it was but fair that we should help
sustain the contested election against
ex-Mayor Davie.' 'Well.' I replied,
'don't you have anything, more to do
with it until r: have seen the captain
(Thomas). I am as , near him as any
one, and I know that if he wanted any
help he would let his Republican
friends know it. You are a Populist
holding office under a Republican ad
ministration. To do this will put you
in a bad light.' 'Oh, well if you don't
think it is right,' he said, 'we will drop
the whole thing.' I went to see the
Mayor, but he was out. That afternoon
I did see him and told him what was
being done. He said: 'Who authorized
any such work?' I never did. When
ever I want any help I am able to ask
for it. I did not even know that such
a thing was contemplated.'
"I then tried . to see Gardner, • but id
not find him until I was going into the
police station the next morning. I said,
'Charley, the Mayor does not want that
subscription list to go any further.'
.." 'Oh, I dropped that at once when
you spoke about it,' he said.SSgSS
"That is the story I told the Grand
Jury yesterday and to-morrow I will
go back and present this statement of
the reporter who quoted Gardner on
the 25th of March. ■. He will swear to
the truthfulness of that. - This matter
is not nearly so one-sided as the pa
pers have made it appear."
■■ A few days prior to the publication
referred to by Mr. Maloon, John "Wilds
was asked about the matter by another
reporter and said he had never, heard
of the subscription list and that all the
talk about It was ridiculous. ' ;
■ ♦ ■ — —
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, April 6.— The Unitarian
church has been granted permission to
mortgage its property for $20,000 at 7 per
cent interest, to pay off a mortgage uue.
The West Oak.and Improvement Club
discussed the proposed Twelfth-street ex
tension and wharf proposition last even
ing. They desire to see it a reality in
the near future.
"The Mysterious Mr. Bugle" will be
presented at the Macdonough Theater on
Thursday night by John Holland and an
excellent company. It is a comedy which
will please many of the patrons c the
house.
Police Sergeant John Morrison had to
search the hold of a baree in the dark
last night to secure Charles Haggerty,
wanted on a warrant for petty larceny.
While there he found Johanna Keefe. and
took her in on a charge of vagrancy.
Haggerty plead' guilty to-day.
Special Services to Close.
OAKLAND, April 6.— The special meet
ings which have been conducted for the
past three weeks at the First M. E.
Church will close with to-morrow's serv
ices. In the afternoon Mr. Yatman will
speak upon the theme, "The Story of Mr.
Yatman's Preaching to the Banished
Lepers of Hawaii and the Kaffirs of the
South African Diamond Fields." In the
evening his theme will be, "What Comes
After Death?" (illustrated by chart). This
will be his last sermon here.
TO EXTEND STREETS SOUTH.
Mission League Improvement Club
Determined to Better Its
0 Condition.
A meeting of the delegates from the
Mission and Potrero, Preclta Valley, Cort
land avenue, James Lick and "Wilmerding,
Southern Heights and Holly Park Clubs
took place at Maennerbund Hall. Potrero
avenue and Twenty-fourth street on
Tuesday for the purpose of taking decisive
action on the extending of Potrero ave
nue, Hampshire, York and Florida streets
and also Bryant avenue from their pres
ent terminus at Twenty-sixth street to
Army street; and also to urge *he build
ing of the new County Hospital and the
turning of the present site into a park.
These were the principal questions dis
cussed, while at the same time other
matters intending to better the condi
tion of that section of the city came in
for a portion of the league's considera
tion.
The matter of the creeping gait of the
Mission-street cars as brought about by
tho interference of Mayor Phelan in his
communication to Manager Vining on
this subject, and which has proven to be
so objectionable to the Mission residents,
■was acted on by a motion made by
Stephen A. Byrn, president of the Precita
Valley Club, requesting that the former
schedule of eight miles an hour be re
stored to all cars running Into the Mis
sion.
Tho all important matter of having an
outlet from the center of the city to San
Mateo County via Potrero avenue came
in for the major portion of the evening's
discussion. The law and the policy of
having this done brought out all the
eloquence of the speakers.
Chairman T. B. Slevin and Secretary J.
B. Vizzurd managed, however, to keep
the run of things pretty well and
strengthened the league by adding the
following delegates to the role: From the
James Lick and Wilmerding Club, J. W.
Felt, G. E. Merrill, J. W. Kerr, F. Hielms,
J. E. Kipp. John Haskins, M. Welsh. R.
Obert and J. M. Toner; from Precita Val
ley Club, J. J. Guilfoyle, W. McCaul and
Frank Powers.
One member from each club was ap
pointed as a committee to consider the
proposed charter and report at the next
meeting as to its worth as an organic law
for this city.
The proposition of making Potrero
avenue a boulevard was hooted down as
being a railroad job to prevent a compet
ing railroad from running in that direc
tion. It was suggested that either the
Suttcr-street or the San Mateo Company
would eventually extend its lines toward
the south to San Mateo County.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales overe, 000,000 Boxes
FOE BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISOEDEES
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach,
Giddiness. Fulness; after meals. Head-
■•';'• ache, Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushincs
'i of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness,
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous ; and Trembling Sensations.
THE HRST DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECH AMI'S PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore : Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Sick Headache. For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired ; Digestion
Disordered Liver
;■•',-"; IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the ' ---■■
m LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the World.
25c. at all Drue Stores, : ; v . . '
:'/^%f, Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/ Aghß 025 ItF.ARXV NT. Established
fijfi jKSS l!l 1»34 for the treatment of Private
I? Jvflf'VKS ' )lseitsl ' R > Manhood. Debility or
JanjW^^iK rllseii.snv.-earingaiibodyandtnindaiid
C^tSa BS£3i SKI ' 1 nij^asts. The iloctorcures when
; i2 IMJWflgl otlipiafnll. l Try him. - Chßrges low
sMHSamBE Cnreßsraaranlr^cl. Callorwrlte. "
Dr. 4. *". \.lC_iO;i, Box 1037. JTrftoclsco. ■
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION SALE OF ELEGANT
FURNITURE, Etc.
FRIDAY April 8, 1898.
At 11 o'clock a. m.,
804 TURK ST., BET. FRANKLIN AND GOUQH.
Magnificent Chickering Upright Piano, cost
$4.',ti; Blrdseye Maple Bedset. cost J65; White
Hair Mattresses, elegant Rugs, solid Mahogany
Center Tables, Chiffoniers, Couches, Folding-
beds, Mirrors, Pictures, elegant assortment of
select Dishes, Ornaments, etc.. Stoves, Cook-
ing Utensils and everything else requisite to
fit up complete a neat nice home.
Do not fall to attend this auction at above
date and
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer.
.. AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
Second" and last week.
.. . ANNA HELD ... . .
Presenting a new series of songs. Including
the original : animated song sheet.
In conjunction with the roaring farce,
"Pl GAY DECEIVER."
EXTRA. ~~~~
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY, APRIL 11.
Hoyt's New Comedy ;
Entitled'
A Stranger In New York.
Presented by Hoyt & McKee'B Own Company.
A superb organization of clever comedians
and pretty girls.
Sumptuously Staged and Beautifully Costumed.
Sale of seats now going on. ■'
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Two MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. JAMES A. ; .
HERNE,
In his original creation of
NATHANIEL BERRY,
In his beautiful comedy dram*
SHORE ACRES!
Coming- "NANCY HANKS." |
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Wm Jerome's Herald Square Comedians.
Headed by MAUDE NUGENT, In the
Uproariously Funny "'arce,
A Jay In New York.
Latest musical hits. Clever specialties.
EXTRA—
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING, APRIL 10.
The Famous Author-Actor
EDWARD HARRIGAN
And a select company, presenting his
masterpiece
OLD LAVENDER.
All the original songs and music by Dave
Braham. -
MOROSCQ'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Grand Production of Henry Pettlfs Great
Drama,
HANDS
ACROSS
THE SEA!
With a Powerful Cast and Realistic Scralo
Effects.
New Prison Scene, La Roquette, France.
New Harbor Scene, Sydney. Australia.
Great Ocean Steamship Scene, "The Austra-
lasian."
Beautiful Costumes and Good Comedy.
Evening Prices ...........: 10. 25. Mo
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
! From the Folies Bergeres, Paris, MLLE.
BARTHO, the beautiful, bewildering, be-
I witching dan?euse; MANDOLA, Globe Equil-
! ibrist: JOHN W. WEST. Musical Monologuist;
MARIAN AINSWORTH. Singing Soubrette;
the FIVE WHIRLWINDS, WATSON.
HUTCHINGS and EDWARDS, MONTGOM-
| ERY and STONE, GLISSANDOS, CHAS. T.
ELLIS; and others.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c: Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c. -. •
NEXT WEEK — Hyde's Comedians and
Helen Mora. ? - ■!<" ■_
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mes. Krxitstixe Rkei.ixo. Proprietor & Mauasar
To-night. By universal desire.
Balfe's romantic opera,
THE BOHEMIAN GIRL!
THE ALL-STAR CAST.
Superb chorus and magnificent orchestra.
THIS SATURDAY EVENING, OUR EASTER
BURLESQUE,
"SINBAD THE SAILOR."
Bright, Breezy, Brilliant. Grand Ballets,
New Specialties, Novel Eccentricities, Mirth,
Music, Merriment.
. SEATS NOW ON SALE.
I POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
No Telephone.
' ALCAZAR. SEATS BY
\ I CvA/AW PHONE
-rVJ-rV r^£^rxr\» MAIN 254#
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
FAREWELL MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Screaming Farce,
- - - "JANE i" - - -
: Says ' Good-Bye After Sunday ' Night.
PRICES. 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
' Next Monday— Spicy Farce, "THE
1 STRANGE ADVENTURES OF MISS
j BROWN."
SHERMAN, CLAY_& CO. HALL.
MATINEES APRIL I3th and 1 5th.
EVENING OF APRIL 14th, '
LITTLE
PALOMA
SCHRA/V\/V\.
There Is no other musical genius before the
public either in Europe or America as truly
great and . wonderful as . this dainty little B-
year-old - daughter of California. She holds
her audience . spellbound and creates irresist-
ible admiration. begins MONDAY NEXT 9 a.
Sale of seats begins MONDAY NEXT 9 a.
m.. at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s, corner Butter
and Kearny sts.
Prices— sl.oo. Children 50c.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
—CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB—
Winter Meeting, 1597-9 S. Beginning MONDAY.
April 4, to April 16 Inclusive. '
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
BACIKO MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
— RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP.— —
Ferry boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1:00, 1:30, 2:00, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connect-
ing with train stopping at ■ the entrance to
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— leave the tracK at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m.. find immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. Pres.
R. B. MILItOY. Secretary. -
EXHIBITION OF ANIMAL TRAINING
From 10 a. m. to 2 p. m. Daily at the
ZOO ;IN THE CHUTES.
PROF. CANIAC * PERFORMING " JAGUAR
■ AND LEOPARD, and a host of attractions!
See the LIONS and the LAMB, Side by Side.
Feeding of the Carnivora at D and 10:30 p. m.
Open Daily from 10 a. ■ m. _to 11:30 'p.; m.
10c to All, including Zoo, etc.; Children, sc.
■ CHIQUITA receives afternoons and evenings.
~~~ EL CAMPO, ...
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open : every Sunday, during . the ■ season.
Music, : Dancing— Bowling, Boating, :l: l Fishing
and other amusements. =.-.-- :':..:
-. Refreshment? -at - city prices. : Fare, : round
trip, 25c; .Children, 15c; Including admission
to grounds. - '--•* •-■■
—THE STEAMER URIAH—
.W.III leave Tlburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m., 12:10.
2 and 4 p. m. ' Returning, " leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m., 1, 3 and sp. m. ■ c *■ - .
HI VMPT A Corner of Mt*on tni .
ULimriA— Edd/! Str9stt .. . -
- America's Most Beautiful Music Hall. > THE
MARTELLES. ■ Trick Bicyclist*; MLLE. ADB-
DITA. Spanish Dancer: CLIFFORD YACKEIN,
Great ' DOLLY f- PAXTON. : Balladlst, ■- and Ten
Others. MAE ■ TUNISON, - Operatic Selection*.
Grand Matinae Sunday. y Admission Free.
78
RUM'S ENEMIES
IN CONCLAVE
Christian Women of Sev
eral Counties Meet at
Santa Cruz.
Well Entertained by the People
of the City by the
Sea.
Appropriate Services Held In Memory
of the I~at« Frances E.
Willard.
Special DUpatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. April 6.— Santa Cruz
Is given over for the remainder of the
week to the "White Ribbon Army"—
the women of the Women's Christian
Temperance Union. The twelfth an
nual Tri-County Women's Christian
Temperance Union Convention is being
held in the Congregational church, and
a large number of delegates are pres
ent.
On their arrival this morning the del
egates were received by the reception
committee-Mrs. P. H. Truajc, Mrs. S.
Dorr and Mrs. Lulu Green— and after
registering were taken to the homes of
Santa Cruz people, where they are be
ng entertained during the convention.
The officers of the Tri-County
Women's Christian Temperance Union
ire: President. Mrs. E. G. Greene,
?anta Cruz; vice-presidents— Mrs. L.
K. Willlts of-Watsonville, Mrs. Virginia
£ershaw of Salinas. Mrs. Lulu Green
»f East Santa Cruz. Mrs. P. H. Truax
3f Santa Cruz. Mrs. Laura Miller of
ikyland. Miss Sarah Severance of Pa-
Mflc Grove. Mrs. Emma Murphy of
'*reen Valley. Mrs. H. M. Mclntyre of
"astroville. Mrs. Alice Bowman of Cor-
; alitos. Mrs. C. S. Danks of Hollister;
-orresponding secretary, Mrs. Ella
Pringle of Santa Cruz: recording secre
arv Mrs. Jennie Winston of Pacific
treasurer. Mrs. S. A. Shields of
Hollister; auditors— Mrs. J. Shattuck
Morey of Hollister, Mrs. Alice Bowman
of Corralitos.
The superintendents of the several
departments are: Evangelistic. Mrs.
J. L. Everts; Sabbath observance, Mrs.
Thristine Armstrong; mothers' work,
Mrs. Lulu Green: press, Mrs. J. Shat
tuck Morey; juvenile. Mrs. Alice M.
Bowman; law enforcement. Mrs. Laura
Miller; literature, Mrs. M. E. Clark;
narcotics, Mrs. E. Bemrose: franchise,
Mrs. P. H. Truax; flower mission, Miss
N*. Sutphen; labor, Mrs. E. Mason.
The morning was occupied by a
meeting of the executive committee.
At noon the ladies of the Congrega
:ional church served luncheon. The
afternoon session opened with devo
'ional exercises, conducted by Mrs. M.
k. Small of East Santa Cruz. A cor-
Jial welcome was extended to the del
egates by Mrs. Ella Prina:le, to which
Mrs Laura Miller of Skyland respond
ed. The president, Mrs. E. G. Greene,
followed with the annual address.
The last feature of the afternoon's
programme was the round table, con
3ucted by Mrs. M. E. Clark of Pacific
3rove, on "Literature and Ensign.".
All the churches of the city gave up
their regular weekly prayer meeting
this evening and united in a memorial
service in memory of Miss Frances E.
Willard.
The delegates In attendance are:
Pacific Grove— Mips Sarah Severance,
Mrs. Jennie Winston. Miss Margaret
Wlnslow. Mrs. Mary Harper, Mrs. L. A.
Hart. Mrs. C. Newton. Mrs. Mary Ware.
HolHster— Mrs. Harden. Mrs. S. A.
Shields Mrs. Ebi. Mrs. J. Shattuck
Morey. Mrs. Winters. Mrs. Henry.
Skyland— Mrs. Johanna Hearst, Mrs.
Laura Miller.
Corralitos— Mrs. Alice M. Bowman. Mrs.
3. Morgan, Mrs. J. Davis. Mrs. Kate S.
Brown.
Boulder Creek— Mrs. Nellie V. Perkins,
Mrs J. F. Brown, Mrs. J. Swarthout,
Mrs. W. W. Rollins.
Watsonville— Mrs. Mary C. Tuttle, Mrs.
Fannie Kilhurn. Mrs. Florence Bliss,
Mrs. L. A. Willett.
Castroville— Mrs. W. A. Tillman, Mrs.
C. C. Kyle.
Green Valley— Mrs. Ella Chilton, Miss
Jessie McCune, Mrs. T>aura Tarton, Miss
I. Mff'arkle, Mrs. E. Murphy, Mrs. Mary
Mason.
East Santa Cruz— Mrs. Mary Small,
Mrs. Jessie Baker, Mrs. E. E. Hoskins,
Mrs. M. A. Hinds, Mrs. Lulu Green.
Santa Cruz— Mrs. Dr. Garwood, Mrs. S.
J, Dorr, Mrs. S. P. Reed, Mrs. S. C.
Brown, Mrs. J. L. Evarts. Mrs. Ella
Pringle, Mrs. P. H. Truax, Mrs. E. G.
CJreene.
LOCKJAW INDUCED
BY A TRIFLING BRUISE
Death of a Slacks Canyon Lad While
Being Taken to a Physi
cian's Office.
SAN MIGUEL. April C— Herbert, the
nine-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. E. G.
Grow of Slacks Canyon, died suddenly
on Sunday of lockjaw. Early in the
week the boy struck his foot on an old
oak stump, causing a :-lipht abrasion of
the flesh between the little toe and the
next one. It caused no trouble or uneas
iness for several lays, hut Friday the
foot began to swell and became very
painful.
Mr. Grow started to town on Sunday
with his boy in the far::i wagon to get
medical assistance. When about three
miles from town and alior having trav
eled seventeen miles, the boy suddenly
expired and the grieved parent returned
home with his dead child.
SEALIONS CAUGHT IN
A FISHERMAN'S NET.
Four Became Entangled "While in
Quest of a Meal of
Sardines.
MONTEREY, April 6.— A p«cu!lar catch
was made to-day in Monterey Bay by
Frank Pissanl, a fisherman of this place.
When he and his men drew in their nets
for the morning haul they found four
thoroughly frlchtened sea lions in the
nets. The sea lions had followed sardines
Into the nets, and, their fins becoming
entangled, they were unable to swim out
again.
Pissanl secured them with considerable
difficulty, but when near shore two got
aw.iy and could r.ot be recaptured The
remaining two, a full-grown male and
female, were brought ashore and sent
to W. E. Winston at Pacific Grove. Win
ston makes a business of taming and
training sea lions for eastern showmen
FRANCHISES FOR A RAILWAY.
Monterey and Fresno Company
Granted Further Time.
MONTEREY, April 6.— At its regular
monthly meeting last night the Board of
Trustees of this city took action upon
a matter of creat importance to the
future of the town ana the surrounding
country. Jjy unanimous vote the board
renewed the valuable water front grant,
terminal facilities and other municipal
franchises to the Monterey and Fres
no Railroad Company, giving the com
pany until Janufiry 1, 1900, and furthf-r
time thereafter at the option of the city
Board of Trustees, to fulfill the require
ments of the ordinance to acquire per
petual easement. Great satisfaction is
manifested by the public at this action.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
*• without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
DEATH NOT DUE
TO ACCIDENT
Identification of a Body
Found on the Ferry-
Boat Solano.
Is That of Ephraim Fairchild,
an Aged Resident of
Sacramento.
Belief That H« Committed Suicide by
Throwing Himself BeTor* th«
Moving Cars.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARTINEZ April 6.— The mystery of
the Morgue has been solved and
through the efforts of Coroner Curry a
corpse which for several days has oc
cupied a marble slab has been identified
as that of Ephraim Fairchild of Sacra
mento. Last Thursday the remains of
the old man were found on the ferry
boat Solano at Port Costa. They had
been there all night and d?ath, it was
thought, had been caused by his being
run over by the cars. On the body was
$t> 65 In money and a check which in
dicated that Fairchi.v. i destination was
San Francisco. In his pockets were
two street-car transfers also.
An Inquest was held and a verdict
rendered that death was accidental, but
by many It Is believed to have been a
case of deliberate suicide, as his body
was lying across the track, the head
crushed and one leg almost cut off.
Coroner Curry did not feel like bury
ing the body in a rauper's trrave, as the
appearance of the deceased indicated i
that he had at one tl.ae been a man of :
means. He sent cards bearing a de-
BCriptlon of the dead man in every di- |
rection. but no responses were received
until yesterday when Oakland's Chief
of Police telephoned that he thought
the deceased had been in Jail there a
week ago and that in a talk with the
night captain he said he had a son in
Bakersfield. The Coroner followed up
the clew. He sent a telegram to C. H. i
Fairchild, station agent at Bakersfleld. ,
Fairchild came to Martinez to-day and :
immediately identified the remains as
those of his father.
Ephraim Fairchild was born in Brad
ford County, Pennsylvania, in 1802. He
was well-to-do. For the last forty
years he res\ded in Sacramento. He :
had not been in his right mind for some
time and persisted in roving around de
spite the protests of his son and wife.
Some time ago his wife was appointed
as his guardian.
Fairchild owned all of Chinatown at
Sacramento and had money in dif- j
ferent banks. His widow now resides
with Mr?. Judge Cross at Sacramento. ,
The remains will be shipped to the cap
ital to-morrow for interment
WILL GRADUATE
FROM STANFORD
Final Li6t of Names Made Up
by the University
Registrar.
Students Who Will Have Finished
Their Labors on the Twenty-
Fifth of M»y.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 6.-
The Registrar to-day made up the final
list of students who will be graduated
with the class of 19 on May 25. It is «4S
follows:
In Greek— l. Deach, L. L. Emerson, A. L.
Hall. O. S. richer Jr Helen K. Smith.
In Latin— Mt.«s O. M. Duntar. Miss A. E.
Ferpuson, Alice J. Plested, Miss K. M. Shep
ler. Miss C. S. Smythe, Miss G. D. Temple,
Miss H. W. Williams, Miss K. V. Porter.
In German— Bessie Ft. Cofnn, Miss E. V.
Ducker, Miss L. M. Ducker, Miss C P. Ford.
Mis? E. L. Gerichs, C. E. Haas. Miss P. O.
Hamilton. Miss E. E. Meyer, Miss M V. Pat
terson. C. F. Schmutzler, Miss M. H. Stro
bridge.
In Romance Lansuagres— Mlbs C. Crowell. C.
H. Greonleaf, Miss G. A. Martin, Clara M.
Sh'K'maker, Elinor -V Smith.
In En.elish— P. F. Abbott. Miss I. Reermaker.
Miss L. J. Brown, Miss B. M. Burkhalter, Miss
B. B. Byxbee, D. Coolidge, Miss E. Eberhard,
\V. H. Irwln, Miss O. J. Flinn, Miss L. P.
Green, Miss G. A. Johnson, Miss K. Norton,
Miss L. Putnam, Miss O. Rodman, R. N.
StP>hn, C. L. Story. Miss W. H. Taylor, Mary
K. Walter, G. H. B. Wright.
In Bionomics — Mrs. M. G. Campbell F L
Williams.
In Education— K. H. Bullock. Miss M. Coul
ter, P. E. Davidson. H. C. Faber, D. W. Lind
say. Mrs. L. Maitland, Miss M. E. Schallen
benjer.
In History— Marion Adams, S. W. Cotton
Miss H. M. Dibble. C. M. Flckert, P. V. Gif
lYinl, F. S. Howard. Miss H. James, W. W.
Kemp, C. M. Mannon, Mrs. A. E. Peck, Sarah
Scofietd. E. C. Thoits, R. H. Wardall.
In Economics— F. K. Abe. W. C. McNeil, S.
1 Miller. E. L. Spinks. T. M. Storke, J. C.
Bwenaoo, G. B. Taylor. P. E. Walker.
In Law— L. S. Beede, G. H. Busrh, G. W.
Bush, S. W. Charles, W. H. Crow, C G
Decks:, E. L. Farmer. M. M. Huys. W. O.
Johnson, F. V. Keeslinß, A. 15. Morgan. J. E.
Murphy, J. M. Oskinsun, E. H. Rothrock, J.
R. Btxrwe,
In MathTnatlcß— L. Allan. Mrs. A. L. Derr,
H. M. Dorr. J. G. Gwartnoy, Miss H. S. Hyde,
Anna McNaughton, J. M. Preeman. J. F.
West.
In rhysics — J. MclntOßh.
In Chemistry — D. A. Lyon. J. J. Rippetoe,
C. H. Shepanl. H. I. Shoemaker, W. C. Taber,
Miss M. A. Townsend.
In Botany— Miss W. M. Paine.
In Entomology— Miss M. Johnson, Miss H. H.
Morton.
In Physiology— P. A. Adams, Mabel R.
Charles, Grace Clark. Mlfs W. S. Fry, Miss
E. S. Han.mond. H. P. Hill. C. H. Horst, A.
KarsttMl, R. H. Madsen. Miss M. Main, A. E.
Peck, K. C. Sewall, O. B. Wight.
In Zoology— Misa S. M. Dlckson, A. W.
Greeley.
In Geology— Miss L. Henry, F. R. Short. C.
A. Thomas.
In Civil Engineering— E. E. Carpenter, H.
Klauber, V. N. McGee, F. S. Noble, L. B.
Spencer. C. H. Sweetser, O. Toblason, A. H.
Tnll, D. E. Tripp.
In Mechanical Engineering— N. A. Carle, H.
A. Duel, E. E. Grow.
In Electrical Engineering— W. R. Barkhead,
F. G Baum, W. F. Jordan. A. V. Joslin. E. Y.
Bayer, EL S. Sladen, F. B. Van Fossen. H. S.
Warren.
SLAUGHTER OF SQUIRRELS.
jaionterey County Pay 3 Bounty on
Thousands of Toils.
MONTEREY. April 6.— Since the Board
of Supervisors of Monterey County of
fered a bounty of 2 cents each on squir
rel tails there has been such a wholesale
slaughter of the pests that the Supervis
ors have decided to cease paying the
bounty at the end of the present month.
Since August 30, 1897, 43,481 tails have been
brought in. It is estimated that only
one-fourth of the squirrels killed could
be secured, the rest having died In their
burrows or In other inaccessible places.
According to this reckoning 173,924 squir
rels have been killed in this county in
seven months, and the County Super
visors think the pest— which to Monterey
County farmers Is as great an annoyance
us the jack rabbit is to the ranchmen of
the San Joaquin Valley — has been reduced
to harmless proportions.
Belew Case Continued.
SUISUN. April C— When court assem
bled to-day a continuance of the Belew
case to Saturday was granted, at the
request of Belew's attorneys, who were
unable to proceed owing to tne unavoid
able absence of several witnesses sub
penaed for the defense.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 1898.
THE STOCK MARKET.
An ■ advance In Occidental to f 3 was ; th» only
change worthy of note In mining: stocks, /'r;.
.1 On the Bond' Exchange lower prices ruled for
the sugar stocks and Gas and Electric, as will
be seen. ' ■''-••... -,■'■•' ■ '-.:-.' :
The ;• Andes assessment falls r delinquent 'In
board to-day. ?". ]''.':. , .
The Sierra Nevada mine was thrown open to
visitors yesterday, and it is understood that a
number of experts and others Inspected the new
ore developments in the Rlley tunnel. v^;-
At the recent delinquent sale .of the Potosi
Mining Company 0n1y, 74 shares : out of 112,000
shares in the company were offered for sale for
non-payment of the last assessment of 10 cents.
I The Boston and Montana Copper Mining Com- |
pany has declared a quarterly dividend of $3
per share, amounting •to $450,000, payable May
20, and making a total of $7,620,000 In dividends
since the date of ■ organization. '■ ' "..-/'■ •-■'■■.- -'■
The Confidence, Challenge Consolidated- and
Consolidated Imperial Joint west crosscut No. 1
from the surface tunnel , was :■■_ not *. advanced
during the past week, as r the j men were ; em
ployed on certain repairs : and in taking care
of . the water, which still flows strongly from
the lace of the crosscut. />. - . . " -
The surface tunnel was advanced 8 feet : dur
ing the past week, and is now In 648 feet from
the south line of the Consolidated ■ Imperial
mine; the face Is in quartz having no value.
The face of this tunnel Is now within '45 feet
of the Alpha shaft, with which it will con
nect, for ventilation. After this connection Is
made they will run several crosscuts on th.s
level to thoroughly prospect this part of the
mine.
In the Crown Point mine they have started
' a Joint west crosscut from the Belcher-Crown
Point upraise on a level with the Crown Point ;
700-foot level. It is out 10 feet and the face is i
in low grade quartz. .-':
In the Belcher mine, on the 1200-foot level, i
the north drift from the east crosscut Is now
: in 180 feet, and the east crosscut from the north
drift is In 45 feet: the face of ' each shows !
j quartz having no value. On the 800-foot level a
west crosscut from the top of upraise No. 1,
on a plane with the 700-foot level of the Crown
Point, has been commenced, and is now out 10
feet; the face shows quartz giving low assays.
There have been hoisted ! during the week and
stored in the ore house at the mine 52 mining
carloads of ore, the average assay value of
which was $29 74 per ton. The gross yield in
bullion from the 393 tons and 1020 pounds of ore
' worked by the Brunswick mill during the week
was $5563 15, the average battery sample being
$19 55 per ton. •
The yield of the Overman mine for the past
t week amounted to 8 carloads of ore from the
! north drift on the 700-foot level. The value of ;
the ore, per car sample assays, was $20 78 per ;
ton. They shipped to the Brunswick mill last
week 106 tons and 470 pounds of ore. The mill '
returned $1335 59 in bullion. Have shipped to
San Francisco bullion valued at $I.*lS 11. The
yield of the Overman mine for March amounted
to 33 carloads of ore, the avergae car sample ;
assay of which was $31 67 per ton.
The mining, milling ; and other corporations !
on the Comstock lode paid a total of $57,436 for
labor during the month of March. The total
was about $3000 larger than for February. The
amounts paid by each company for March are ;
as follows: Andes (estimated), $900; Consoli
dated California and Virginia, $5099; Ophlr,
$2186: Mexican, $1854; Best & Belcher, $1968;
Gould & Curry. $1968; Utah, $785; Occidental
(estimated), $1760;: Alta, $1919; Brunswick lode !
(shafts No. 1 and 2), $6555; Crown Point, $426;
Belcher, $2885; Yellow Jacket, $1930; Confidence. '
$264; Challenge, $164; Imperial, 5414; Segregated
Belcher. $266; Savage, $2659; Chollar, $1706; Bul
lion, $833; Potosi. $2431; Union shaft. $2445:
Sierra Nevada. $1263; Alpha. $766; Overman
(estimated), $1000; Caledonia (estimated), $500;
electric light (estimated), $500; water company
(estimated). $3000; quartz mills (estimated), :
$5000; Nevada mill (estimated), $SSO.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE,
WEDNESDAY, April 6—2 p. m.
Id. Ask. Bid. Ask. I
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 42% 43
4s quar c0up.,110%111% Pac Gas Imp.. S3 S4
4s quar reg..105y.109% p a( L Co — 54
4s quar new..120%121% S F G & E.. 83% 53%,
Miscellaneous — San Fran .. 3% 3 ii :
Cal-st Cab 55. 114^116 Stock Ga5..... 12 — I
Cal El 65.. ....125 — Insurance—
C C Wat 55... — 102% Firem'B Fund. l9s —
Dup-st ex c. . — 98% Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65.. 128 12S?i Anglo-Cal .... — S3
F & Ch Ry 6s. — 117% Bank of Ca1.. 245 —
Geary-st P. ss. — 100 Cal S D & T. — 100
HC & S 5%. .100 105 First Nat ....200 —
LAL Co 65.. — 100 Lon Pft A... 130 —
Do gntd 65.. — 100 Mer Exchange — 15 :
Market-st 65.. 126%127% Nev Nat 8... 152 155
Do Ist M 55. 112 113 Savings Banks-
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 97% Ger S & L.. 1000 —
NCNg Ry 75.102: — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 65.. — '112% Mutual Say. — 42%
N Ry Cal 55..100»i — 3 F Say U.. — 500
NPCRR6s.IO4- — S&L So — lc;0
N P C Ry '58.101%"— Secumv ri B 2.V) —
N Cal T.y 65.. — — Union T Co.looo —
Oak Gas 55.. .100 — Street Rrilroad — .
Do 2.1 is 55.. — 110 California 107%109
iOm Ry 65...;. — 126 Geary ...40 —
P & O6s 110 — Market-st .... 62% 52%
P&Ch Ry 6s. — 110 Presld!o ....... 6 7%
Powell-st 65... — 117 Powder-
Reno WL&L..IOO — California ....120 150
Sac Elecßy3s.Jo4%los 7 -; F. Dynamite... 85 — .
SF& N P ss. — 105% (Giant Con Co. — 42
S P of Ar 65..103%104Vi Vigorit ...:.... 2% 2 T 4
S P Cal 65.... — 113 | Miscellaneous—
I SPC Is eg 55.. — 96% A 1 Pac Assn.. 97 97%
iSPBr 6s — 111 Ger Ld Wks.UO — !
: S V Wat 6s. .11514 — Hana P C 0... — 20
IS V Wat 45... 101% — HC & S Co.. 24% 24%
Stock Gas 65.. — 103% Hutch S P C 0. '43% 43%
Water— Mer Ex Assn. 90 . —
Contra Costa.. 50 65% Nat Vln C 0... — 7% i
Marin Co .... 50 — Oceanic S Co. 53 57
I Spring Va1.... 99% 99% Pac A F L... 1% 3
Gas & Electric— Pac Bor C 0... 98^j —
i Cent Gaslight. 98% — Par Paint Co. 6'i — i
[MEL Co — 13%
Morning Session.
50 Hutchlnson S P. C 0.... 43 3714
100 do do s 30........ ....43 00
50 do do 43 00
50 do do 8 30 42 87%
200 Hawaiian Commercial & 5ugar....... 24 00
10 Market-street Railway 62 25
15 do do ...52 12%
20 S F Gas & Electric Co.. 84 00
115 do do 83 37%
$2000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds ...... 10160
, 300 Vigor it Powder 275 i
Afternoon Session.
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 24 12%
50 do do ...........;..... .24 25
125 Hutchln S P C 0.:.. ............. 43 00 .*
15 do do 43 12% i
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 80nd5....... 100 75 i
32 Pacific Gas Imp... ...S3 50 '
130 S F Gas & Electric C 0.......... .... 83 62%
60 Spring Valley Water ......: ....99 50
35 do do .;...... 9925 j
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
i 78 Spring Valley Water .... 99 75
150 Hutchlnson S P C 0.....'. 44 25 ■
85 S F Gas & E1ectric.....;..... ....... ....84 25 ;
! . 60 Oceanic Steamship Co. '....- 41 12% i
; 140 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar ... 24 50
20 Giant Powder ...'. ........;...::... 41 12%
30 Market-street Railway 52 50
'..Afternoon Session. ' :. t
: 20 Hutchlnson S P C 0..................... 43 00
Street—
I 75 S F Gas & Electric... . 83 25
: 150 Hutehinson S P C 0.............. 43 00
i 50 do do 43 25
! ICO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar ..-....- 23 87%
j 50 do do '....'... 24 00
i 50 do do. .-.' 24 25
\ 40 Spring Valley Water ...:.............. 99 62%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
j cisco Stock Board yesterday: -.
Morning Session.
1 • 20OA)ta ...' 16 1000 Ophir 80
; .'OO Bullion '... 07 200 Potosi :.......... 42
1 300 Chollar ......... 45 400 Savage .....;.»... 24 '
100 Con Cal & Va.. SO l.vi Sierra Nevada.. 1 [
200 Con Imperial ... 01 250 ........ . ;....i 90 i
250 Gould & Curry.. 23 1100 Union Con ..... 46 '
200...... 24 400 Utah ....: 12
: 400 Mexican ........ ,42 ' ;■;-.
Afternoon Session. 'c ~\*' "
100 Andes ........... 12 400 Mexican ........ 42
100 Best & Belcher 33 100 Occidental ......3 00
j 25 :.......-.... 301 100 Potosi ...... 42
j 200 Con Cal ; & Va. . 1 79 1 100 Sierra ■ Nevada.. 95
i 1000 Hale & Norcrs.l 25 i 200 Union Con ...... 46
600 Justice . . . .". . . . . . 23 1 500 Utah .......... . . 11
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
• Board yesterday: •
Mornlns Session.
600 Andes ........... 12: 700 Ophlr. ........... 80 i
I 300 Belcher ......... 22 400 .81
I 400 ...... ............ 23 4C0....V .....82
, 800 Best & Belcher. 34 1600 Potosi 42
; 700 ...... .....:...... 35 j SCO 5avage... ........ 24
300 ............ ...:.. 26 300...... ............ 25
320 ...... 32 500 .................. 26
1000 Bullion ........ .07 500 SB & M ."..: 05 '
■ 200 Caledonia ...... 25 1 1600 Sierra - Nevada. l 95
500 Challenge Con.. 28 900 ..... ..;. 192%
' Chollar .........' 45 300 ..\. ........ ...;..l 90
' 600 Con Cal & Va.. 80 300 187% '
I 100 ....:........:.'... 7? 1200 ...v.2 00 '
, 300 Gould & Curry.. 24 400 ..:... 202%
800 ...... ............ 26 300 ...... 197;
j 400 Hale & Norcrs.l 25 600 Union Con :. 46
700 .... ..............1 700 48
, 100 Mexican . . .". .... "40 300 .". ................ 49 '
1400 1.....*........... . 41 SCO Utah ........... J . 11
! 800...... ....43 300 .....:............ 12
Afternoon Session. ; . . v ;
i 1000 Alpha • . . .'. . ....." 107 200 Crown Point ... 23
! 200 Andes ..11 200 Hale & Norcrs.l 25
200 ..."..'. '.' 12 1000 Justice .....■...■.--24
! 400 Belcher ......... 21 1 400 Mexican '...;.... | 41
; 300 Best & Belcher. 33 300 Ophir ......'. . . ... 80
! ' 400 Caledonia .25 ! 500 Overman .". ; . ; ; . 10
I 200 ...... ............ 24 500 ravage .......... 23
I 300 Chollar 47 360 Sierra Nevada. .195
I 300 ...... .......:.... 451200 ...../ :.......... .1 90
I 200 Con Cal & Va.. 80 150.... ;....; 187%
j 200.....'. ............ 79 300 Utah;-.."-........ 211:
I 300 ................... -78 400 Yellow Jacket.. 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, April 6—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. j ' • Bid. Ask.
j Alpha 07 08 Julia .........:. 01 02
A1tai...;..."... 16; 17 Justice ......... 23 25
Andes ........... 11 12 Kentuck "......." 03 04 i
i Belcher .21 22 Lady.Wash ... — 03 I
Benton Con ... "" — .25 Mexican 41-43 '
! Best & Belcher 32 33 Occidental .....2 96 —
! Bullion ..'...... 07 03 Ophlr ....a.;... 79 81
Caledonia ..... — 25 Overman ;-..... us '10
Chollar .;.:....': 46 ,46 Potosi .:........ 41 42
Con Cal & Va. 78 80 Savage : . . ....... 23 ..= 25
Challenge ..... 27 29 Seg : Belcher ... 03 04 I
; Confidence ..... 65 — Scorpion ;......., ■OS 3 —
■ Con Imperial -. . 01 - 02 Sierra Nevada. l 85 190 j
1 Crown Point .. 23 24 Silver Hill .:.;. 02 .04 I
i Con New York. — 02 Syndicate ..V.. —M 05
i Eureka ........— v 25 Standard :....;.l 60 165
: Exchequer..*.:..' — 06 Union Con'"'.::rrs46ffi4T;
i Gould & Curry. '23 : :24 Utah . : . ... i . . ; . . i. 11 ' 12 \
I Hale & Norcrs.l 25 1 30 Yellow Jacket. : 24 * 25
LENT IS KEPT
MOST SACREDLY
Hundreds of Devout Catholics
Perform Their Easter
Duty.
St Ignatius Church Crowded With
Penitents Yesterday Afternoon
and Evening.
The last and morft sacred uays in the
calendar of the Christian church are now
being solemnized in the various churches
throughout the city.
This Is the time when the Catholics
throughout the entire world are brought
in closer communion than at any other
time of the year with God by fasting,
praying and receiving the sacrament of
penance. The churches of this city are
crowded from morning until late at night
with worshipers, whose only thougnt is
that of God and their future happiness
with him on the shores of the great un
known. One has but to look in the large
Catholic edifices, such as St. Mary's Ca
thedral and St. Ignatius Church to prove
the truth of such assertions.
Here they will find hundreds and hun
dreds of penitents kneeling before the
altars or communicating with the Al
mighty in the narrow precincts of the
confessional. Fully uOO persons attended
St. Ignatius during yesteiuay afternoon
and evening, and as many more passed the
sacred portals of St. Mary's Cathedral.
Special services at the churches in honor
and commemoration of Holy Thursday
will be held this morning and evening.
The solemn high mass at the Cathedral
will be celebrated by Archbishop Riordan,
assisted by members of the clergy. A
procession of the blessed sacrament will
be held immediately after the offertory,
and will be participated in by the priests
of the church, the Christian Brothers of
Sacred Heart College and a number of ac
olytes. At the conclusion of the proces
sion the sacred host will be placed in the
tabernacle on St. Joseph"s altar, where
it will remain until after Good Friday.
During the celebration of mass the sacred
oils used in administering the sacraments
of confirmation, extreme unction and bap
tism will be consecrated by the Arch
bishop.
The services on Holy Thursday and
Good Friday at St. Ignatius Church will
be held at 8 o'clock in the mornin-. ilev.
Father Woods will deliver a sermon on
the blessed Sacrament this evening, fol
lowing which oenediction will be held.
From noon until 3 o'clock to-morrow af
ternoon there w... be the devotion of the
three hours of agony, at which Rev.
Father Neri, S. J., will deliver a sermon
un the "Last Seven Words Uttered by
Christ."
After the exercise of the way of the
cross in the evening the Rev. Father Cul- |
Mean of Santa Clara College will deliver i
a sermon upon the subject of "The Pas
sion."
On Holy Saturday services will begin
at 7 o'clock in the morning and the cele- i
bration of mass will be held at 9 o'clock. '
The devotions at St. Joseph's Church
on Tenth street to-day, Friday and Sat
urday will commence at S o'clock in the
morning. The devotions on Good Friday
will begin at 7:») a. m., and will consist of
tho stations of the cross and a sermon on
"The Passion."
Race Horses From Canada.
Collector Jackson has been notified by
the Treasury Department that there are
no quarantine restrictions on the reim
portation of American race horses from
Canada, and under the circular of the
Department of Agriculture of January
23. 18W. they may be admitted without
inspection or certification.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
; M S White, N V E Latham, U S C 8
'. T B Barrett. N V H Denson. I* S C S
: C J Gurlach. Chicago H \V Bell, N V
A H New, N V E Hlndekopen, Pa
( A L Brooks. Boston Mrs H P Kidder. Pa
C Bipelow. rlt Paul Mrs F Wells. I'a
Mm Bigflow. St I'aul Misa Wells. Pa
: B S ChQTCh, Nevada W P Dunlop. Sydney
j P P Berthelot. Nevada A Kurtze. Australia
;C H Cooke. Nevada I\V Powers. Australia
! W Bray. Berlin G Shrumpton. Ausfla.
! Mrs Morton, NY T B Bell, Australia
I L Bertschmann. N T P Mclntyre, Australia
I R H Porter. Denver G W Stott, Australia
IR J .Northam, L Ang R Hamburger, Sydney
I Mrs Northam, L Ang T B Smith, London
I E C Howe. N" V JO Fairfax, Sydney
Mrs E C Howp. N V Mrs Fairfax. Sydney
H W Jones. Minn T P Simpson, Lon<V>n
i H M Murphy, N V J White & w. Sydney
j G O Kruse. N V N Menzles. Melbourne
, R A Trimble, N V A Menzies, Melbourne
I W Howell&w, Omaha F Dewey, Melbourne
' E Bronson &w. Ottawa H Austin. Sjdney
| J W Catty, London Dr Fredleult. Berlin
H Ives. w & c, Pa V Clement, London
i Miss Santee, Pa B W Carll. N V
! C M Gates, Chicago Q W Starr, Africa
I Mi=s Gates, Chicago E Ashcroft, Australia
Fred Singer, N V W Gilmour, Scotland
A Drake & w, St Paul \V Taylor, Australia
A C Engard, U S N If Roucoft. N Zealand
| E Taylor, Australia S Stein. New Zealand
': A Lyle. Australia X yonder Helm. Berlin
i Mrs Lyle. Australia W G French. N V
; Misa C Lyle, Pitt3burß Miss Stevens. Chicago
; J Ledgerwood. Chicago It S Tyler, Fargo
I W Sargent, Chicago Mrs Tyler, Fargo
Mrs Pelgram, N V W C Teter, Texas
I Miss Pelgram, N V O A L-hman & d. N V
l R Simpson. Canada C Hpume. Stanford
Mrs Simpson, Canada !D C Major, N V
GRAND HOTEL.
1 H E Barber, Stockton ! W R Loose, Bodle
A B Atwood & w, Bost A Weltheimer, Fresno
i H L Ruhart. 11l J Brown. Oakland
; A Hatt, Napa P R Vail, Minn
; A R Orr .Visalla L Mllizu. Ariz
C J Schuster. Sonoma W M Cutter. Marysvle
' G A Pennlman, S Jose F Alex. Oakland
H R Prnndreth. B C J Huxtable & w. Wash
W C Hymp, Alameda L W Moth & w, Sydny
TV Q Hpnshaw. Oaklnd J Endeman, France
I J J Scrlvner. Oakland W M Mays. N V
1 M J Laymance, Oakld — Stennett & w. Qnsld
J D Heind. Yreka C Erickson, *"al
: G B McCord. Hanford A Binper, Cal
. Mrs F Simmonds, N H J M Brown, L Ang
F L Simmonds, N H J W Bowen, L Ang
Mrs O J Muchmore, Cal J M Pettinglll & w, S J
I H P Bailey, Pa C \V Underwood, Mo
: C D Robinson & w. Cal J Russia, Cal
, A J Lana & d. R I R A Clarke. Cal
i Mrs A Wars, Chicago |Miss Slmnott, S Jose
Miss H Conway. chgo R W Whitmer. Cal
i E Goddard & w, N V (Mrs I E Miller, Newpt
Mrs W A Brooks. N YP O Miller. Newport
W W Smith. Ind W D Foss. Hopland
[ Mrs M A Crookham & E M Swasey. Rediting
d. Knoxville |R P Dennifran, Keswic
; Mrs Inns, Fresno j A Dickie & w, N V
BALDWIN HOTEL.
iC W Hutchinson, Cal T Berran, Chicago
; T A Berkeley. Sacto Miss E McDonnell, 111
; E Bemmer, Sacto Miss H McDonnell, 111
, R D Soott. L Ang C B Jack, L Ang
Mrs R D Scott. L Ang E E Wills, Sacto
• J W Jackson, Memphis E Wolf, Sacto
: W F Sibley. Stockton A P Schwarz. L Ang
E R Grlfford, Auburn W F Loud, L Ang
F T Bartlett. S Mateo S H Gunn, N V
: M E Harris. Oakland C M Hunter. Pa
J B Mathews, Oakland! T M Gilbert. L Ang
I G H Chick, Berkeley C Goldstein, Chicago
| S L Lpster. Nevada C L Koehn. Coos Bay
3 S L°ynnlot. Nevada C J J Sweenan, Towle
! H L Ford. U S N Mrs J Sweenan, Towle
S Chamberlain, Cal W B Parker. Randsbg
J Hayes, Cal F B Dexter. Randsbg
J Lev!, Cal H J Lamls, Stockton
A Trier, NY R D Simpson. L Ang
F Recslrs. Chicago
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C H Leach, Sacto D Heenan, Sydney
G Senger. San Jose E Wilson, Honolulu
P Draginovich. Cal E Morley, Perth
P King, Llvermnre G Reese & w, Cal
J Truman, Oakdale J A Scale, Lakeport
J Gerlack. Sacto W C Engel, Milwau
H Gregovlch, Cal J P carolln, Australi
M Hasley, Vlsalia J Wolstencroft, Aus
J Bernard, S Cruz !.I Lemmins, Aus
C Fredericks, MaderaH E Turpin. Aus
H Lorenzo. Cal !G Harrod. Eureka
T Hudson. &w, Mich |M Bray. Cal
A C Hayes. Mich ij Watson, Los Gatos
J F Hardy, Honolulu |J McNamara, Pinole
c Lloyd, Melbourne ! R Clemens, Madrid
—■ ♦ ■
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
RETURNED. '
Wednesday, April %.
Schr Man- Bidwell, Schultze, from sea on
account of rough bar.
SAILED.
Wednesday, April 6.
Stmr Coquille River. Johnson, for Fort
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Frmnclse©
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o-clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayeß stree'; npen until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open u:.tU 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk Btreet; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
: _-'• "\ ;•;;. meeting notices . '■'■:':_-_: ':_-_ ■->■ ;•
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. /«^N
M will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _J^_
EVENING, April 7. at 7:30 o'clock' Tlf
Stated meeting. By order of the Mas- f^f A
ter. r,f FRANKLIN H. DAY,. Secretory. '■■
DORIC Lodge No. 216, :F. and A. M.— ft . ■'-
Stated ' ' meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _JV
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By order T£X
of . ' THOMAS L. HILL,: W. M. ■. /V>
: ■< J. R. : GOLDSMITH, Secretary. >
UNITY-Lodge No. 81. K. of P.. 909 A?
Market St., will confer * the Knight •* JW>
Rank, • long form, ;on one ; esquire on SarsK* ,
THURSDAY EVENING. April 7; -^JS
also ; will • elect representatives to Grand
Lodge. All Knights are cordially invited.
-^^ATES. JLJIJL &¥**"■ e&
CHEAPEST. and best in America— The We-kly
Call. ■..-. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
, free. ; * "■' - >■_ ■■-■ * .;, r .. ■':.-, ... •.■ .-■-.■-■■ .:■ ■
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THEY : . are - closing - out ' underwear, hosiery;
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces.' cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow shams,. table covers,
. towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collect made;
city or country. PACIFIC . COiXHCTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st.. room 8; tel. 6580.
MISS ■R. CLEVELAND : and assistant from
New York; baths; massage. 29 Grant aye.,
v room 6. ;--; .-■■;, •.' '. , ,-• •/• -'..■■... .-■•;
MISS MAYS, genuine alcohol, Turkish and
magnetic baths. 1007 Market St., , room 2. :
j BERTHA TROY, genuine massage baths. 1015
. Market St.. room 17, : second r floor.
j EDNA V. GRANT, genuine massage baths.
215 Kearny St., room 2.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened 11. 343
Third st. and 2808 Twenty-fourth. , , ;
MISS L. DEAN, , genuine Turkish baths. 906
Market St., room 29, second floor.;
I FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
: Post St.; room 10, second floor front.
i MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
j MRS. STEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120',^ Geary St.. room 11.
i RITTA BLACK, genuine massage; manicure;
magnetic treatment. 223 Post St., room 3. ...■;
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
• movement. 906 Market, room 23. second floor.
■ ALVINE HALL and assistant, genuine cabinet
baths. .- 15% Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-18.
ELEVENTH, Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken. .
SITUATIONS A FEMALE.
LADIES looking for first-class help, please call
or send your orders to MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. . . :
FIRST-CLASS German nursery governess de-
sires situation;, best reference; city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
•COMPETENT German nurse desires situation;
good seamstress; best of reference. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
AT the Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau a number of first-class girls are await-
ing situations. Please call or telephone to
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
AT the German Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT, 417 Powell St., tel. Main 5332,
■ furnishes best help of all nationalities. '
A NO. 1 German cook, best of reference, de-
sires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter St. .
RESPECTABLE American woman is greatly
in need of work and a good home; temperate;
is a good worker and ■ can do any kind of
work; has references: please call or send car-
fare; light wages. ■; 17 'ihird st. .
MIDDLE-AGED American woman, neat and
saving, desires ■ place on ' ranch ■in Fresno
County to cook for men only. Address MRS.
H. DEHASS, Fresno Postofflce, Cal.
WANTED— By neat Protestant woman, elder-
ly, housework in small family; city or
country; strong and able to do such work;
wages $15. Call at 1231 Market st.
AMERICAN woman, speaks German, is a good
cook, wishes place in a small family; object
a good home; wages $15; no postals; good city
references. 245 Natoma st. ,
SENSIBLE, reliable woman will go to Klon-
dike or any mining camp as cook or house-
keeper for party of 8 or 10. B. E. 8., box 74,
Call office.
AMERICAN widow wishes situation In
widower's family; understands cooking, tak-
ing care of children or washing and cleaning.
26!> Stevenson St. '.
YOUNG, rtrong German woman | wants ; wash-
. ing, ironing, house or window cleaning; $1 a
- day ' and car fare ; ' disengaged Friday and
Monday. : M.. 1126 Folsom st. -.. . .- - ~' c .r ;;•
TWO young girls wish > situations for t light
housework and " take ' care 'of children. 814
Minnesota St., Potrero-. - -.-•-..
STRONG young American woman ' wants day
work; washing, house-cleaaing. 24 Verona St.,
off Third, between Folsom and Harrison.
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do upstairs
work 'or general housework and plain cook-
ing. 913 Buchanan ■ st. : •- ■ ■. ..-.;
RESPECTABLE woman with girl wishes , po-
: sition as working housekeeper. Apply at
3066 Twenty-fourth st. , - ■ .
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation; best of
reference. F., box 10, Call office.
WOMAN ; wants to take care of sick person.
859 i Mission St., : room 3. ; . ■' .^r .':- ■■
COLORED woman wants housework; no heavy
wash; ref. if required. : Call: 11308 Pacific st.
PROTESTANT woman - washes work by the
day. Call at 563 Mission st. for 2 days. - ;>;
SITUATION by temperate, careful confinement
nurse, $8 i :-r week. Address C. 8., box 17,
Call branch office, 106 Eleventh st.
YOUNG 1 woman wishes situation to do house-
keeping or plain' mending; no objection to
, ; short distance in '" country. ' Call or address
1104 Mission st.,; room 10. , ►:' -; . ■ .:'
ELDERLY woman wants situation to assist
in light housekeeping. 2402 Polk: st. "..•:.
YOUNG healthy wetnurse wishes a - position.
 Call 2228 Pine st. . ':-
SEAMSTRESS desires few more engagements
by the day or week: $1 25. Box 5083. Call.: f
YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeeper
-or, to do plain mending. 34 Sixth St., room 6.
AN orchestra pianiste of experience wants en-
gagements; is also a good vocalist. Address
Pianiste, box 14. Call office. --• :
GOOD dressmaker i wishes i few more engage-
ments by the day; references. 112 Taylor st.
GERMAN girl : wishes "to ;do second work or
upstairs work; ;no postals answered. , 9 Eu- i
, gene aye., opposite Thirtieth and Mission sts. j
I REFINED, intelligent" American lady as man- i
aging housekeeper; . city or country. • . Call or '
address 34 Vj Turk St.. room 14. r
WANTED— Position.- by ypung- woman (widow) I
as housekeeper in hotel ■or : first-class room- ;
■ ing-house; thoroughly competent references, j
Address X., box 10, Call office. ;
2 FIRST-CLASS waitresses want situations or
would work in confectionery ■ store. Crown •
House. 138 A Fourth St., room 28. •;. ' *r; jji
MOTHER and 2 daughters want situations : as
, . cooks and waitresses; all capable and ; reli-
able: city or country. Crown House, 138 A
Fourth st., room " 28. ' r i
WANTED— By married woman 28 years of age !
-■ to ; , take • care of ; chicken ■ ranch or private
place: city or country; best of references,
Box 99. Call office. : . -/.-:-■■/ '-. - ... ■;,- :^';.: : .-!
ANTED— By 2 young women : (German), well
* recommended, : situations * for I general house-
■'■-. work; would go to country. 946 Harrison St.,
'. room 23. '::,■ ....". '■. ;' .;,;-' '.;'.:■ ; :- . , .. .-.-.:
FRENCH lady wishes situation as maid or take
care of grown children; first-class seamstress;
: speaks French, German and English. F., box
12. Call office. ■.* . : - ;
WOMAN wants ' work ■ in a doctor's office ror
any kind of office work: ood reference. Mrs. :
T.E.; box 58, Call Office. :
YOUNG lady, expert penman and of experience,
would like a position as copyist. C. F., box
V ll, Call office. Oakland. ; . „ -.'Kk '■':■ -■■■..■'' -• ' ■: >:'.
WOMAN wishes situation sto do housekeeping
or plain mending. ; . 139 Fourth St., room 10.
MONEY loaned .on ; watches, diamonds. 1;'1 ;' Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris; 15 Grant ay.
YOUNO German woman wishes working house-
r, keeper's r - position • . or -to do plain ; mending.
; fcl'Jll Howard St.. room X. , ; •- ,:.: ■: ;.---;;.' -;--->v".
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly I
Call. = Sent ■to . any t address " in the .United'
■ States or Canada one year for $1 60, . postage •:
■ tree. ? .--.'.. ■:- ■■-:■■ ' •' -■■- v-- - -■-"• ■■■■•■''■ ■■■■ ■-■-'■
.•■;• SITUATIONS iW ANTED— MALE.
1 MONEY ■ loaned ; on watches, diamonds, ■ jew-
' elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. SO years) | help; j
.V tel. Main 1i)97. BRADLEY & C 0. .: 640 Clay at.
JAPANESE Employ Office— Best help and
Northern Haclng Co. 1808 Polk;. tel. Polk 422.
CHINESE ' and Japanese i employment ? office;
. best help. : : 414% O'Farrell ; st. ; ', tel. East 426. ;. i-
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; choice
■g help; tel. Grant 56. , Geo. Aokl. 30 Gear- jst. ~s
INTELLIGENT, > young. '•■ strong ; Swiss. ' speak-
w . ing ; German ' and English, wishes a position
In a private' family, i hotel, ! lodging I house lor
" saloon; is willing to do any kind of work.
Call or address A. T., 664 Castro at. >*»:■. •,:.-=» v:^;;
YOUNG 'I man ti wishes : situation i; with > house
•■'•> painter; * can fresco j- or ido scenery j painting
! J and stripe; small .. wages. Address H. * INS-
".? KIPP, 110 Vlcksburg st. :■ : :-i y
WAITER wants situation i speaks English and
i.-f German; ; city w^ or country. ' :A. • R. , KING, ■, 949
''.H oward st. : > ■.■v;,,.. .::■■. '■■',-, ' ' •' ' . .- J . ■ ;
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.^
BOOKKEEPER with good experience wishes
employment as bookkeeper or cashier; can
furnish the best of references. Address box
1 952 Call Office.
• SITUATION wanted to do house-cleaning, gar-
dening and general jobbing; over 1 year with
WILLIAM JOHN. Address J. C, 20 Sixth st.
, SWEDE wishes a situation In private family
as coachman or gardener: understands milk-
Ing; good references. Box 3242. Call office.
RELIABLE bookkeeper desires evening en-
gagement to enter up accounts, etc. W.. box
3375, Call office.
i SITUATION as gardener by steady man: can
milk, drive; handy about bouse; references.
Address G. M., 1506 Polk st.
BOY wants work: office errands and make
himself useful. 743 Valleo st.
BUTCHER and sausage-maker. German, wants
situation; city or country. Box 94, Call office.
TAILOR. German, good all-around workman,
wants situation. Box 94. Call office.
WAITER, German, wants situation; city or
country. W., box 40. Call office.
GOOD teamster desires employment In city.
Address P. W., 861 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS Eastern cook would like situa-
tion in private family. 637 Howard st.
CARPENTER, handy with plumbers' and
painters' tools, can run engine, accustomed j
to management of real property; low wages, j
Address E., Box 25. Call Officer
MAN and wife. German, would like a place |
In private family or on a ranch; good hand
with horses; can do milking, gardening, etc.
C. F.. box 11, Call office, Oaitland.
WANTED— Position as coachman by young
Swede; best of references. Please reply to
JOHN PETERSON, 1724 Eddy st.
YOUNG man, honest, reliable and full of en- I
ergy, wishes position as clerk in office, can j
give bond; references. Box 104, Call Office.
BAKER of experience wants work, city or j
country; stock or compressed yeast. Ad-
dress Baker, 309. Third St., Oakland.
GOOD barber wants steady work afternoons
and Sunday. Address Barber, box 65, Call.
GOOD steady and reliable American cook would
like a good steady place. 604 Mission st.
SITUATION wanted by a steady man, that
could make himself useful in a large estab-
lishment as carpenter or plumber. Address
V., box 14. Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms, 23c to $1 60 night; $160 to $8
week; convenient -nd respectable: free 'bus
and taggage to and from fer y.
«6 LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
FEMALE UELP WANTED.
WOMAN cook, plain hotel near city, $26; !
women for housework, country. $15. MUR- I
RAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
FRENCH-SPEAKING lady's maid to travel
to Paris, $30 and all expenses paid. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SEAMSTRESS, city, $20. C. R. HANSEN ft
CO., 104 Geary st.
NURSE and seamstress, $20; German house-
girl, no wash, $20; woman to help in kitchen,
$15; S housegirls, $20; 18 housegirls, $15. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. j
CHAMBERMAID and assist pantry work, j
country hotel, $15; 2 waitresses, city, $20; .
chambermaid and assist wait, $18; 6 restau- ;
rant 'waitresses see party here; 2 waitresses, i
$5 a week. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary. |
2 WAITRESSES, country hotels, $20, fares i
paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt.
2 WAITRESSES, same country hotel, $20 and |
fare paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
WOMAN with a girl as working housekeeper;
$12. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FRENCH governess; $35. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
WAITRESS, $20; restaurant waitress. $5 per
week. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEKEEPER, $20; laundress. $25; German
or Swedish second girl, $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl; 2 In family; $12; country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK gl7irs3o; 2 in family. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Suter st.
REFINED second girl; Oakland: $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT German housegirl, 2 In family; no
washing, $25; Irish hoOseglrl, $20; a number
of young girls, $15; waitress, boarding-house,
$15. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
COOK, $30; second girl, $25; 3 second girls at
$20; nurse, $20; chambermaid, $15. MRS NOR-
TON, 32S Sutter St.
REFINED middle-aged woman ac housekeeper; ;
$12 to $15. MRS NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
SWEDISH housegirl; 2 in family; $15; see ;
party here. 11 o'clock. MRS. NORTON, 323 j
Sutter st.
HOUSEGIRL, Alameda, $20; colored woman,
housework, $20: young girl, assist, $10; nurse- i
girl, $8. MRS NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS, private family, $25; 3 nurses and j
second girls, $20 and $25; 3 cooks, $25; kitchen ;
helper. $5 week: 4 waitresses, hotels and res- :
taurants, $20— $5 and $6 a week, and a large i
number of girls for cooking and housework '
in city and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
NEW EMPLOYMENT OFFICE.
$10— Fee 60c
Sl2-Fee 75c
$15— Fee $1
$20— Fee $1
$25-Fee $1 50 j
$30— Fee $1 50
Refund of half if you do not remain over j
two weeks In a situation. Honest treatment i
given and reliable, referenced help wanted, j
B. E. 8., box 74, Call office.
LADY stenographer who understands book-
keeping; dental office assistant. 313 Bush st.
SALESLADIES for gloves, notions and candy
departments; restaurant cashier. 313 Bush.
LADY cashier and matron able to take Inter- j
est in select and profitable cash business;
reference*. 313 Bush st. I
2 UNDER clerks, wholesale trade, assistant
office cashier and correspondent. 1023 Market.
NURSE girl, call early, $15; 2 cooks, $25; cham- '
bermaid, $20; 8 girls for housework. 631 Lar- ,
kin st. !
GIRLS of all nationalities wanted to fill vari- ;
ous positions. MRS. LAMBERT, 417 Powell, j
YOUNG girl for general housework; small fam- !
lly; wages $15. Apply between 9 and 12 a. m. j
at dentist's office, SO3 Sutter St., room 43.
i WANTED — By widower, middle-aged Protest- j
; ant woman as housekeeper; good home; wages '
$10. 1132 Union st. !
2 LADIES to assist proprietor In road house; |
one who plays piano. Address O. S., box 33. !
Call office.
LADIES to sell my toilet specialties. MRS
BUTLER, room 324. 806 Market St.
TAILORESS; first-class finisher. 947 How-
ard st. j
j WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting.
On Hyde st.
WANTED— GirI for tailoring. 483 Tehama St., i
corner Sixth.
j WANTED— GirI for light housework; wages
$8 to $10. Call before 12 o'clock 436% Hayes.
COMPETENT girl, general housework; small
American family. 719 Cole, after 9 o'clock.
WANTED- Chambermaid at 62 Second st.
WANTED— A German clrl to take care of
child. Call after 1 p. m., 2110 California st.
GIRL to assist in light housework; sleep
home. 423 Broderick st.
WANTED— Apprentice on coats. 1065 Broad-
way, Oakland, room 7.
i GENERAL tailoress wanted: must be good but-
tonhole maker. 610 Montgomery st., room 1.
GOOD tailoress to work on pants. 270 Steven-
son rt., bet. Third and Fourth: upstairs.
FAIRLY experienced tailoress on custom coats
272 Seventh st.
LADY piano player wanted. The Racine, 601
Post st., corner Mason.
FOR Sale— Good paying business: office suit- !
able for 1 or 2 ladies: eood locality; cheap
rent; $100 required. Address O. S . box 33
Call office. •
TAILORESS wanted on coats. 724 Howard St.,
near Third.
GENTLEMAN rf hat trimmer wanted. QUINN
238 Third St.; call 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
WANTED— Woman to cook and do housework
In small family. 2705 Buchanan St.; reference
required.
TAILORESS on custom coats; good button-
hole. 5% Kearny st., room 18, top floor.
FINISHER wanted on custom coats; also ap-
prentices. 239 Fifth st.
TAILORESS wanted on vests. 10 Chelsea place,
near Powell st.
GIRL to assist in housework and children MOO
Twenty-first st.
OPERATORS on flannel overshirts and under-
wear; a few Inexperienced hands taken and
taught. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36% Fre-
mont st.
YOUNG girl for general housework. Call 10
Liberty st.. bet. Twentieth and Twenty-flrst.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. 1020 Market
St.; consultation free; fees moderate.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds jew-
elry: low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
1 PLEASANT sunny rooms; day or week- re-
spectable. 142 Seventh, Glrard House.
HELP WASTED— Continued.
GERMAN- girl for plain ' cooking and : house-
:; work. 609 Franklin st. . |
I LEARN dressmaking and i millinery; position*
| -•ftSTpktterM 25c. MCDOWELL'S, 103 Post.
I LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School 1079 Market
St.: perfect fit : no trying on , trial tree.
MALE HELP WANTED.
TAJL^RT^ulTtryTT^ooks. $35 to $65; 6 wait-
ers, $25 . to . $30; 4 .dishwashers. $15 to $20. 26
coal miners. $3 50 to $4 a day: *20 woodchop-
pers; 310 tlemakers; choreboy: i farm hands
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
■ Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
SECOND cook, $50: night cook, $40; night cook,
. $25 and room; cook. $12 a week ; cook, $10 a.
week; cook. $3 a week; second cook. $7 a
I week; broiler, $50: oysterman, $8 a week and
board; vegetable man and dishwasher; young
boy for porter, $15. C. R. HA.NSEN & CO.,
■ 104 Geary : st. ' ' "■-*' - ,
CIRCULAR sawyer, $60 and board 15 wood-
choppers, grub advanced, $1 25 a cord. >—
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
LAUNDRY washer, $35 and board; lroner. $30
and board. C. R. .HANSEN. CO.. 104
Geary st. - ■
BARBER to run a country shop; Tno °PP ]-
r. tion; good proposition. C. R. HA>sii.w <s»
CO.. 104 Geary st. ■'
WANTED— machinists, $3 to $4 a day; first.
i class gravel miner, $2 50 a day; 10 coal min-
ers, by day or contract; blacksmith, $2 50 a.
day; carpenter, for mine, $2 50 a day: quart*
mill man, $3 a day and board; 3 quartz min-
1 ers, $2 a day and board, and others. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO., C 23 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Broiler, $50; second cook, $6 %
week; hotel waiters, $20 and $30, and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st. : .. - -
WANTED— First-class ■ quartz mill man who
understands cyanide process; chemist pre-
! f erred; good position. J. F. CROSETT St
i CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Coachman for gentleman's plac«
near city, $30 per month; clerk for rooming
house, $45 and room> cook for small restaur-
ant, $10 per week; experienced driver for mill!
wagon in city, references required. $35 and,
found; 40 coal miners by the day or ton; I
miners lor Napa County, $,'.2 per month:
farmers, milkers and others. W. D. EWER
& CO.. 626 Clay st. , -
WANTED— for small restaurant. $10 ~lf
week; restaurant cook, single man. $60; third,
cook. $40; waiter, $30; vegetable man, $15 and
found; dishwasher, $20; bedmaker, must b«
experienced. $20 and found; lroner, country, <
$30. ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st.
RANCH foreman, married (no children) man
and wife, country hotel. 1023 Market st.
MANAGER and bookkeeper; experienced hotel
clerk; traveling wine salesman. 313 Bush st.
ENGINEER, steamboat: ■' 2 reliable stoker»l
ranch foreman, married. $40. 313 Bush st.
$80 PER month between man and wife; work
together as manager and matron; cash busi-
ness; permanent and progressive. 313 Bush.
PRACTICAL young business man as assistant
manager light cash business; $100 deposit: $11
per week; advanced on merit. 313 Bush st.
TAILOR who understands coat making. Appl^
immediately at HOFFMAN, ROTHCHILD 4
CO. 'B, 9 and 11 Battery st. .
EXPERIENCED city canvasser; standard ar-«
tide. Address Box 5655, Call office.
ERRAND boy wanted. 935 Market St.. room
12.
BUSHELM AN wanted. Apply at The Hub,
132 Kearny st.
WANTED— Salesman or saleslady experienced]
in crockery or tea and coffee. Box 89, Call.
STRONG boy who worked at carpenter work.
Apply Twenty-first St., near Bryant.
WANTED— boy at 373 Natoma st.
.YOUNG man wanted in drug store; some ex-
perience. Apply 2737 Howard st.
COAT maker wanted. 927 Market St., room
509. Call 8 to 9a. m.. 7 to 9 p. m.
WANTED and women; work home; I pay
$8 to $16 a week for making crayon portraits;
new patent method; any one who can read or
write can do the work In spare time, day or
evening; send for particulars at once. H. A.
GRIPP, German Artist, Tyrone, Pa.
WANTED — experienced salesman and buyer
to take charge of a department; must be well
acquainted with laces, embroideries, ribbons
and small wares. Address communications,
stating age, house where last employed, sal-
ary expected, to Welnstock, Lubin & Co., 523
Market St., San Francisco, or apply to Mr. G
B. LUDLOW, room 7, 523 Market" st., from 3
to 3p. m. Only persons who have had charge
of departments and have done buying need
apply. - _';
NEAT: elderly man; must be able to milk;
salary $25 per year • and board; good ■ home.
Call at 429 Tehama st; two. days, 11 to 12.
WANTED— 2 coat-makers and 2 pants-makers.
•Apply J. H. HEITMAN, 900 J St.. Sacra-
mento, Cal. . ■ "-; ■ ' ' ' ; *
PLAIN cook, elderly man preferred; boarding-
house. 328 Drumm St., between 8 and 9 a. m.
WANTED— Pantsmaker by LOUIS CLAR, Vl-
salia.
WANTED— One driver for baker wagon, $20.
1218 Powell st. '
FOR SALE— Barber shop; 2 chairs; hot and
cold water, electric light; paying; trial given
If desired. Call 9 Hayes Bt.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 138% Eighth st.
BARBERS, attention— A first-class 2-chalr
hotel shoD for sale very cheap; : been run-
ning for 10 years. Call or address J. KIE-
FER, Salinas. Cal.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine: corps. United States navy; able-
bodied,, unmarried men, between the ages of
,"■ 21 and 30 year?, who are citizens af th»
United States, or those who have letrhhj de-
clared their Intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, r read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height.
For ' further ' information apply ■at the re-
cruiting office. 20 Ellis st.. Ban Francisco. Cat.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry;. low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
-Australia, Europe. Herman's, 26 Steuart st.
GOOD barber wanted: steady for Saturday and
Sunday. 505 Broadway. . : ...-.-
WANTED— IO men to occupy clean room*; I
nights 25c or 75c week. 105 New Montgomery.
£00 PAIR of men's new and seond hand shoes
half price; half soling 35c. 959 Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The CalL
v Subscriptions and ads taken. ■
HEADQUARTERS for cooks, waiters and oth-
er help. E. SIMON, 643 Clay st. .-•■•'■
WANTED — Laborers and ' mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, £17 -hird Lt.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana . House, 764% Mission
st.. men to take rooms = 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
BARBERS' Ass" Free Employm't Office. 3.
FUCHS, Sec., 326 Grant aye.: teL Grant 13*.
MARKET, 863% (Elcho House)— Single rooms.
12% c, 16c to 25c per night: week. 75c, $1. $1 25.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard. Secy.. 102 7th: tel. South 623.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third : St.. near .
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night: reading-room;
; free 'bus and baggage to and from he ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and : 15c night; 75c and $1
i- week. LAndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— To ; collect wages due laborers and j
■- ; clerks. , Knox . Collection Agency. • 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
tt for a room: 25c a night: 51 a week. '
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED— Advertising agents for El Progreso.
- a new Mexican weekly. lIS Montgomery ava.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— Partner with $2000 In established
. : cash business. ■ Box SO, : Call Office.' . v
WANTED— Partner J for ; dyeing -"■ and cleaning
-business; must be a dyer. 929 Folsom st.
; FURNITURE . WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to" fill new building. 840 Mis-
- sion St.: tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction '. Co. '• Removed to ' 1$ Mont-
■^ Komery st. : highest prices paid. Tel.' Davis n. .
; WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS. :
NEW or second-hand 26-lnch»wheel in good re-
■\. pair; to -be j paid s for in : small i monthly pay-
ments; give full particulars and best 'terms
H., box 12, Call office. ■ ™ '
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
;i hand.:'. 109. Montgomery st. "- ■;-. ;: .;•_•■ ~
PAWNBROKER-Old geld, silver, cast-off •"'
clothing bought. % Add. COI.F.MAX. ;41 Third.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty ; private-
no fee .without 'success: .collections, wills!
, probate. *; Insolvency, deeds, damages mor?
; gages, :: copartnership, bills-of-saie.- patents.
trademarks, etc.; established 10 years G W
HOWE, att-at-law. S5O Market, cor. Stockton!
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch ;of flee -of j Th« • CaUj
: subscription* and want ads taken11l "i INKS CHANCES.
13200— THE best fitted up, and guaranteed to
, clear fiOO net per month, saloon close to Call .
;... building; first-class custom: no better busl-
„ -:ness otter In the market: Investigate at once:
• this is a chance of a life time. WILKE, 753
../Market st.
$400 SALOON: average dally receipts $10: rent
. $25; 2 doors from Montgomery St.; a bargain.
" : , AVILKE, 753 Market st.
' $U>o BRANCH bakery and notions in the Mis- :
sion; large school ide; 3 living rooms; low
' rent. Inquire WILKE, "S3 Market st.
i CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
kept by present owner Cor years and doing
•' a good paying business; rare change: fullest
.■ investigation given. V. ILK '.:. reS Market st.
•si^so^OLD-ESTAr,LISHED snl-in, close to
- bunks and leading hotels; average dally re-
ceipts i'l2\ rent S.'.O. le;u=e; no night work;
: actual value $WO; owner to retire and going
.'.'•on his ranch. Call WILKE, 753 Market st.
•slo*o— STATIONERY, news stand, restaurant,
■ : . etc.: living rooms; rent $6; biggest transfer
" ;- {joint of city; must sell; given away. M.
.•.'•'LESS. "765 Market st.
•'•:HSOO— FIRST-CLASS concert hall and family
'.-.•■ resort; established 25 years; north of Mar-
•,'•• :ket: only place of its kind within a large
.'••■.. radius; full value in sight; clearing now $2ao
.'.'.'per month; can in.- Increased; satisfactory i
"'•proof furnished; Investigate this; It's worth \
•. ' your while. M. LESS. 765 Market.
.••I*oo— DELICACY More; line location; north of
■>-" : Market; llvina rooms; receipts (15 to Sis
"■"■ daily; greatest bargain in this line. M.
rJ';L_SS, 700 Market.
:" A PAYING country hotel for sale. Including
■ ■ :r>uilding and lot, 75x150; 21 rooms, bar. par-
; lors; etc.; 80 miles from city; lively town: no
•".• competition: ".must be sold; make offer.
• " iLiESS", 76S Market st.
• iSOO-MJORNER grocery and bar, south of Mar-
■■:■. -ket Et.; value in sight; big bar trade; this
 • offer means a great sacrifice. M. LESS, 765
-■ Market st.
A-$.7)0-HOTEL with good bar; 10 furnished
•rooms; dining room. KREDO & CO., 224
Geary sL
•.'A— KT'O; confectionery and icecream parlors;
, ; eltgunt place near city. KREDO & CO., 2ii»
Qeury at.
■. —SALOON ; fine corner; side entrance; eas-
ily worth |600; receipts $10 daily. KREDO
• •. ._ CO.
i-A— slso; dining-room; 30 steady boarders; no
:■:■ rent; don't miss it. KREDO _ CO., 22^
• : Geary bt.
• •/••$2M— GROCERY and bar; bargain this day.
.'• .MCLAUGHLIN 4 CO., ?1 .. uny st.
\: ; s4oO— SALOON; bargain; leaving for Klondike.
" ;. Mclaughlin & CO, 23 Kearny st.
' :.$li?0— GROCERY, French liquor etore, north
.'■. Market; departure for Europe cause of eale.
Mclaughlin & co., 23 Kearny >t
: DRY goods, stationery, bakery $S6O
• liivuich bakery; 3 rooms lurnifh-M 73
. Saloon, worth $3f.00; fine ... 1300
. Moat market, Western Addiu n 1000
!, ; ■ H. C. DECKER. iOa Market St.
:■s2!: ■$2! PARTNER wanted In llghi business; eas-
• •' .' iiy Learned; no previous experl«*ucB required;
,' : trial given: Suited to plain, tea ly man sat-
•■. -lffled with $15 to $2o a week. 7^4 : 2 Market
;.•• Bt., room 17.
'■'; PJRST-CLASS restaurant for sale; reason,
"• ;must go to the lt.:--rior to ranch; will stand
':.. full .investigation. Apply at Call office.
," ! WANTED— A partner With a capital of $600 In
7" a bakery ami coffee h'»use doing $1000 busi-
■•. .tiess. hi Paclfio ay«., f-;vnta Cruz, Cal.
'•.'•rAYING delicacy store: good location; selling
■•■\-"-ir.. account ot ness. WICKHAM. LUT- j
;,;; GEN & cv., sis Clay bt.
"•MILKMAN wi?hps whole or half Interest in
'•* pmall well paying milk business. Box 0374,
.. '• CaiJ office.
': ' EALOON and lunch house, near old City Hall;
. ' 'cheap; owner lea\ing city. Clii Merchant si.
:"'SHOEMARKER'S shop; must sell account of
f". ': Sickness. Apply 532 Valencia st.
', '&AUNDRY route with horse and wagon; bar-
:] ..'.' gain. Address box CtXS. Call office.
'!. MUST be sold; cigar and news stand; will
.; -Htar.d investigation. Apply 513 Hayes st.
:•: . C.ORNER saloon in manufacturing portion of
■'.-. city, Inquire Albany Brewery.
•.•.FIRST-CLASS restaurant for pale in very best :
.■S .town acro.ss the bay: located on corner of j
1; ..-two of the most prominent streets; practically I
'-,::■ without opposition in its nelghUorhoud; p *■
.•:. itively clearing $200 to $;.=;o per month: owner
.~\ there over 7 years and offers his business at
■•■ , a great sacrifice on account of departure
..' . nnrth: no reasonable offor : used. J. C. 8..
; • ' box 12, Call office. Oakland.
'. iXIO invested actually earns 35 per cent weekly
'•: .:.profits; rare chance; no stock or Klondike
'■."pclieme; safe enterprise; control capital your- '
■',•.• melt. D.Sl'oane, 110 St. Paul st., BaltlmorcMd.
;' [ON account of going to the mines, grocery and .
'•■ ; bar for sale at a sacrifice. Southwest corner :
"'!• Twenty-sixth and : artlett Bts.
■$SOO— GROCERY" for saTeTfull value in sight: i
' . %ood horse ..-)ii.i w»gvn; jmr trade. Address
Grocer, box SL Call office.
• $I<X> IN cafh and $100 in monthly payments; a ;
restaurant, with 20 beds, near the new ferry
'-depot. Call at 7 Clay st.
.". BARBERS, attention— A first-class furnished i
hhep to rent che.ip; good location. Inquire :
■ at 1301 Valencia Bt.
■' SSO^-^Manufacturlng business for sale at a bar- I
gain on account of going East: must sell.
11..1 1.. box 2, Oakland.
DRUG store for sale; Brood location: good trade;
easy ront; cheap for cash. Address D., box ,
4, Call office.
. $400— SALOON on Market, worth double; trans-
fer corner. R. P., box 64, Call office.
PALACE Bakery for sale; doing a good busi- |
ness In the town of Salinas; owner retiring ;
to go East. Address P. O. box 2t5, Salinas.
$400— Bakery: store trade $10 to $12 day; good
outsjd- route; owner obliged to leave city.
Apply Call Office
.. LADY wishes honest gentleman partner with
fr,/" 1 ™) for the country. Particulars at 33 Sixth j
fct.. room 17.
' COFFFE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
GROCERY and bar. 4 living rooms, to rent.
', V*Cor. Hermann and Stevenson sts.
;• RESTAURANT and bar for sale. Apply 107
. Berry st., near Third.
FOR eale — Icecream, candy and notion store.
■.•: ; ."37 Sixth Ft.; no agents.
'"'HONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
... elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
•AN . old established corner grocery and bar;
•••.".ibe.n In city. SCULLY _ BON, 420 Sacra-
■•'•. JTU'JItO !"t.
• . K LKVE.VTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
• ■ f?ub>"i"riptl<ins and ads taken.
' PATENTS-SMITH & OSBORN. Reglst'd Pat.
' Agents; established 18f2. 319 Pine st.. city.
DENTISTS.
• NEW YORK dentists— Painless extraction, 50c-
teeth per set, $■> to $10; gold fillinßs, jl up-
■liver, 50c up; artificial I «th repaired, Jl
up; our crown and bridge work is the best; '
.hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.: Sundays, 3 to 1. !
'•. 969 Mission, cor. Sixth; branch, 371 Hayes.
• A FULL set of teeth, JO; painless extracting i
'■'• -free; we .make a specialty of crown and I
.■•bridpe work; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 00c; all j
:• . work palnletfl and warranted 10 yer.rs; our ,
•. . jr •• •■■ are always the lowest in town. Pa-
clflc Dental Parlor. IS Third st.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
■ plates: light and thin; warranted ten years; '
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, BOc; crowns. %'/. 50; all :
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132. I
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry: no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth, $5 up: silver
fillings. 25c up: gold crowns, $3 50 up; your
teeth put In without a plate, open evenings.
897 Market St., cor. Sixth: "Phone Jessie 1695.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. nr. Uth;
no charge for extracting when plates are !
made; old plates made over like new; teeth ;
from $8 per set: e-'.ractlng 50c: gas given.
1)R. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
.." Jet. ilscoverer of painless extraction and
£•■* patentee ot Improved bridge work or teeth
• ■without plate, moved from Cto 20 O'FarreH.
OHIO Dental Parlors have removed from 906 to
U3 Market St., Academy of Sciences building.
.rooniß 30. 31 and 32. filth floor.
L A TEAOUB. A. CANT, end F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg.. Cth floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J. j
■ W. KEY. 1320 Market st. ...
BET t ' teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
■'. . YOUNG. 1841 Polk ft.
UARPE'. CLEANING.
•' CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; '■■ cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
28 and 40 Eight 1 St.; telephone South 250. ■ -
:' WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
, ■' f.»-ntl to LDINU'S Pioneer Carpet-
.; ij-atinß Works. 353-57 Tehatna st. ; tel. So. 40.
■ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter; •
' :;tel. Main 3IM.3 l M. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
• J. -WAITS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat- •
" . -Inif, alteration ...;■;.-, 413 McAllister; Jessie 321. (
CARPETS cleaned at 3c. per yard; rclaid at Be. <
. >*TRATTON, 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
GUEAT Eastern : • sin Carpet - Cleaning •
■; -Works. 14 l?tli st. B. GRANT; tel. Jesale y.
•J. E. JJITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th .
-. : . El.-; cleaning, 3c. a yard: tel. Mission 74. I
' KLIN'S O rpet-Beating Works, .333 Golden ,
•. ''■'■■ aye.: tel. East 126. ■ ■ '
V. '. •i. vi'i-;\vi<i'» i-:hs. .
• ALL typfvriters sold and rented: few partly .
". .ii:<p(] .for sale cheap; send for samples and
, - :»-rices. A__XAND_it & CO., HO Montgomery
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
TO MERCHANTS AND SHIPPERS— *
The advertiser has got a steamer that he
will send to St. Michael on or about the sth
of June. You will save time and money on
through rates to Circle City or Dawson by
sending your address to Freight, box SSBS,
Call office.
FOR Sale— Cheap; ticket to Dawson via St.
Michael; privilege of 1 ton freight; sickness
prevents use. Box H. 52, Call office.
DREDGING privileges for sale on Canadian
rivers In the Klondike by a company owning
the largest number of claims of any company
In the Northwest. C. P. DEYOE, Agent, Oc-
cidental Hotel.
WANTED— A parttrf,r with from $5000 to $10,000
to Join another that has four times the above
amount to engage in a very profitable busi-
ness on the Yukon. T. P., box SSS4. Call.
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, .bers and
pood men at general work who are going to
Dawson can on the way up work out 1150
of their fare, via St. Micna;l. Apply The
Gold Star Co., Mills building, San Fran.
STRONG St. Bernard dog for Klondike use;
$10. Box 3373. Call. ■
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing: heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY. Battery and Jackson sta.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for, sale. H. G. SHAW. 4 Sutter st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sts.
GOOD etrong dogs, trained for Alaska, for sale
at 510 Van Ness aye. .
YUKON dog harness: best made, for sale by
all outfitters. SAMMANN. 1233 Flllmore St.
LODGING HOOS-0S FOR SALE.
ICREDO & CO., successful brokers, 22V_ Geary.
48 rooms; best In city.... $2,000
17 rooms, near Plaza: always full 650
15 rooms, near Market; rent $45 300 |
14 rooms; Golden Gate; snap 400
10 rooms; Ellis: new and good 800
7 ms; Market: offices pay rent 200
7 rooms, all rented; clears $15 150
Hundreds of others at your own price.
A— sl6oo: 20 rooms; reduced from $2500; best
transient corner; sunny corner; clears $150.
KREDO _ CO.
CO ROOMS; corner house; bay windows — $2000
29 rooms; near Palace Hotel: rent $i 5.",.... ISM
16 rooms: sunny corner: offer wanted
13-rocm house; corner on Fifth st 800
22-room house: new and good 750
12 rooms; on O'Farrell st.; clears $50 450
60 rooms; rent 56".; clears about $70 month;
snap. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
FOR sale — Lodging-house; 9 rooms; cheap rent.
Sfl« Mission st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
FURNITURE! FOIL SALE.
FURNITURE of 6 sunny rooms, $S5: appre-
ciated If Been; rent $15. 235 Sanchez st.
CARPETS cheap; owner leaving city. 2670
Twenty-first st., near Bryant, 1 to 5 daily.
FOR sale— Furnished fiat of 6 sunny rooms;
cheap; rent $15. 235 Sanchez st. : no agents.
$275— BUYER for furniture in elegant 6-room
flat. 970 Post st.
NEWLY- furnished house of 5 rooms: a bar-
gain: going away. Box 2911, Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $5
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
came as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and i
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway Dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Rts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and I
Broadway. Oakland. ''
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago If KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy: prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
NEW FIRM. NEW NUMBER.
NEW GOODS. NEW PRICES.
New pianos rented. $3 per month. Repairing
and tuning a specialty. Our prices can not
be equaled In San Francisco.
SCOTT-CURT PIANO CO., 560 Hayes Ft.
ONE Newhall piano $55
One Zech piano 70
One Fischer piano : 80
Twenty others ->t al! prices.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-23 O'Farrell.
THE best pianos, the lowest priced are offered j
by Zeno Mauyals Muslo Co., 769 Market; agts.
for the. celebrated Decker & Son "pianos.
SOHMKR & CO. Byron Mausy. Newby. Evans.
Brigga and other pianos;, see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 30$. 310. 312 Post st.
UPRIGHT piano: pood condition: $5 down,
$3 mo. S. F. MUSIC CO.. 225 Sutter st.
ON account of departure: upright; new; stand-
ard make; sacrifice. 1021 Van Ness aye., r. 25.
$75— BARGAIN; good Fisher piano. SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister St., next Hlbernia Bank.
SMALLEST ad.; lowest price; $2 per month up;
apply on sale. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
AN elegant upright piano, slightly used, half
price. Room 12, Flood building.
A— $100; FINE large upright piano; great bar-
gain. X 3, 120 A Eddy st.
HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 Post st.
AGENCY Halnes Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos. $73 up. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell fit.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
MONTGOMERY, 627. cor. Clay— Open until 9:20 i
o'clock: branch office of The Call; subscrip-
.tlons and want ads taken.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOCS.
THE leading violets for the leading people;
60,000 strong plants for sale; Princess of
Wales and Lady Hume Campbell, $3 per 100,
$175 per 50; Golden Gate, ' California, Marie
Louise and Swanley White, $2 per 100, $1 25 |
per 60. Also 400 assorted palms from 1 to 3 j
feet hl.Th, from 2£ cents to $1 25 each; shrubs I
in variety: dahlias & specialty, 5 cents each,
£0 cents per dozen; seeds for sale from finest
strains; special rates to the trade. C. CROCK-
FORD, Grower, Colma, San Mateo County;
take San Mateo electric car.
GENTLEMAN'S traveling bag, complete
with every toilet article, finished In silver;
originally cost $35; price $15. At UNCLE
HARRIS' 15 Grant aye.
BOILERS, engines. 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 137 Beale st.
FOR Sale — 12-foot Aermoter windmill, running
complete deep well pump, pipe, etc. 764 Fol-
som st.
FOR sale— Large long-haired dog for the
Klondike. 741 A Thirteenth st.
FOR Motor; 4% horse-power. A, MA-
THIEU. 328 Bush st.
10-HORSE power Nagle steam engine at a bar-
gain; call at once. 654 Mission st.
$25—500 EGG Incubator, good as new. 1308 Wood
St., Oakland.
FOR SALE— Billiard, pool, Tlvoll table. 1
pigeon hole and 1 roulette wheel at a sacri-
fice. 757 Harrison st.
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and'unframed; framing with glass 7xo inches,
10c;. Bxlo and 10x12. Be: 11x14 and 12x16, 20c;
14x17. 25c: 16x20, 30o; 18x22, 35c; 20x24, 45c; 22x
28, 60c; curtain poles complete, 15c; rm. mold-
Ing, all colors. ft:open eve. Jones 547 Mission
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
FOR SALE— Two pumps, engine and boiler
and large iron tank. Apply HAVENS &
TOEPKE. Architects. 55 Flood building.
GAS fixtures very low: large assortment; 1
and 2- bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. B. WHITE. 516 Mission St.
Laundry machinery, . engines, dynamos. electri-
cal goods; new, 2d hand. Smith C 0.,527. ,527 Mission.
J. . R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So 787.
SAFES— New .and- second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
. sizes; half original cost." 109-111 Market, S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10: Records. $5 per doz.;
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale," hand-truck, letter-press,
"desk and : safe cheap. 102 Clay st. .
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
. scrlptions and want ads taken. • ,
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. -
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st. : phone Mint 45.
- ____________ - .
LOST.
BLACK and tan dog. j 343 Thirteenth St.; re-
ward. ■ ■ -*.■'■ -
CA SK given for old gold and silver Jewelry at
UNCLE. HARRIS. 15 Grant ay«. ... .. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
aIIL^VER^TOWN^ "^TT^ '■-^-'^■-
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN ft
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery. ■
HYDE, 609, near Geary — Sunny; choice; 13
rooms; $50; appreciated If seen; Investigate.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED house to let for the summer; 8
large sunny rooms; piano; hot and cold
water; all conveniences. Apply on premises, j
635 Guerrero st.
LOVELY new sunny. finely furnished house;
10 rooms; very desirable; reference ex-
changed. Apply 2516 Pine st., 1 to 4 p. m.
SUTTER, 717, near Taylor— Choice: elegant;
sunny; appreciated if seen; please Investi-
gate; or furniture for sale cheap: optional.
COTTAGES TO LET.
4-r.. $10; 6-r. (new), $15; 7-r. (new), $17;. 8-r.,
$IS, or will sell, $50 to $200 cash; bal. like rent;
see 'em. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market.
COTTAGE of 5 rooms and bath, large base-
ment; rent $14; 804 Potrero aye.; cottage of
6 rooms and bath, large basement; rent $20;
2915 Bush st.
MODERN cottage cheap: price reduced; make
offer. ,2670 21st st., near Bryant, 1 to 6 dally.
BUNNY cottages of 4 and 5 rooms; bath, base-
ment, yard. 1876 Fifteenth st.. near Dolores.
TO Rent— Modern cottage, 1818 Baker st. J. G.
JACKSON, 48 Market st.
MARKET. 4— Branch office of The Call: want
ads and subscriptions taken. ■
FLATS TO LET.
NEW; elegant; 5 rooms and enamel bath;
yard, etc. 1718 Page St., near Chutes. ■
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath; laundry: cellar: op-
posite Lurline Baths: sun all day. 1212 Larkln.
BOWIE aye., 2, off Eleventh, near Howard-
Lower flat 4 rooms; bath, gas and tubs. .
FLAT, 4 rooms; sun all day; $10. 7V4 Bernard
St., near Taylor.
LINDEN AYE., 331—4 rooms and bath. Apply
32S Fell st. "
NINETEENTH, 39sT near Noe— Lower 4
rooms, modern, $14; 599 Noe. corner Nine-
teenth, lower 4 rooms, modern, $15; 47 Pond,
off Sixteenth, half block from Market, upper
6 rooms, modern, $15, water free.
RING up 'Phone Brown 323 If you wish to bor-
row money. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
SUNNY flat, 4 large rooms. 1121 Vallejo St.,
near Leavenworth.
UPPER flat, 4 rooms, bath; sanitary plumbing.
19 Ewing pi., bet. Post _ Sutter, off Laguna.
— Lower flat 3 rooms. 22 Derby place, off
Taylor, bet. Geary and Post.
PINE, 1627 1 4, between Van Ness aye. and
Franklin — Lower ! flat. 6 rooms and bath.
DAVID STERN & SONS, 20 Montgomery st.
$35— LOVELY sunny modern flat 'of 7 rooms,
bath. 624 Golden Gate aye., near Van Ness.
FURNISHED FLATS.
A HANDSOME middle flat: every convenience;
piano: garden. 1517 Golden Gate aye. . ■ -— £ ;
HATS WANTED- _ ■
WANTED— or middle flat of 3 nice light
funny rooms, between Harrison. Market,
Third and Sixth sts.; rent $10 or $12. Ad-
dress H. W. L.. box 42. Call office.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
EDDY, 604—2 or 3 sunny furnished rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping.
EDDY, Sunny, nicely furnished connecting
housekpg rms.; gas range; splendid location.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
ERIE, — 4 sunny housekeeping rooms.
FELL, 452— Nice sunny front room, furnished,
lor 2, with kitchen; quiet place; cheap.
FIFTEENTH, 2126. ' north of Market— 3 house-
keeping rooms, furnished or unfurnished. .
FIFTH. 322—2 rooms, furnished for house-
keeping; rent cheap. ■ ■
FOLSOM, Complete sunny housekeeping
rooms; also single room; quiet family; cheap.
FOLSOM. 1186 — sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping; all conveniences; $14 per mo.
GEARY, Large sunny front room, with
regular kitchen; all conveniences; nice yard.
GOLDEN GATE, 311— Sunny room, gas, . bath.
complete for housekeeping. $10.
HICKORY AYE., ISI, near Gough St.— sB; 3 fur-
nished- housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 511—2 rooms complete for house-
. keeping; rent cheap. -..». .*--. .«■
HOWARD, 525— Large front room; complete for
housekeeping; reasonable.
HOWARD, 73714— Nicely furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; first floor.
HOWARD, Room $7, 2 for $9; elegant front
parlor, $12. . .
HOWARD, 1214—2 large sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms, rent $12; single rooms, $5.
JACKSON, 920. near Mason— Furnished sunny
rooms, housekeeping, $8 to $9; single, $1.
LARKIN. 1013^4 — 2 or 3 sunny housekeeping
rooms; gas range; running water; every con-
venience.
MISSION, 829—2 housekeeping rooms, $10;
neatly furnished.
MISSION, 1063— Front bay-window rooms; office
or housekeeping; gas; others for housekeepng. ;
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
N ATOM A, 701, corner Eighth— 3 furnished
rooms housekeeping; also single.
NINTH, 1304—N eat sunny side rooms, $4 75
and $6: light housekeeping if desired.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Bay-window
with mantel; kitchen; gas stove; $14.
O'FARRELL, 431-*Sulte of sunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping: no children.
THIRTEENTH, (09%, near Valencia— 3 unfur-
nlshed rooms, bath and yard; $10.
TWELFTH. 145—2 pleasant Bunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping: $12 per month.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BROADWAY, 1229—3 furnished or unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; first-class; Ist floor.
KOOMS TO LET!
ALTON, 204 McAllister— front rooms and
suites; also 3 complete for housekeeping.
APARTMENTS: quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. Trunks
moved to any part of city. 25c; phone. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect: terms reasonable. ,
AT the Oxford, 231 O'Farrell, elegantly fur-
nlshed rooms, suites and single, day or mo.
BOHEMIA, 239 Newly furnished: faml-
lles and gentlemen; references given.
BUSH, 728— Sunny . bay-window rooms, fur-
nished; apply bet 6 and 8 p. m.; gentlemen, j
CENTRAL House, 52 Good family _ single
rms.; day, 25, 50c; wk., $1 25, $2 60; mo., $5 up.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis Bt.. corner Mason— Sunny
single rooms and suites; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms. $8 and $10 mo. : nice suites.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night.
60c to $1: week. $2 to $6; families.
EDDY, 614— Very desirable sunny front room;
lower floor; bath; gas; clean and quiet; $10.
ELEVENTH. Branch office of The Call
Subscriptions and ads taken. •' .-. ■
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week.
FAIR OAKS, 94, above Guerrero— Sunny front
furnished room, $4, or 1 unfurnished.
FELL, 219— Front sunny suite, with bath;
newly furnished.
FOLSOM, 766>^— Nice large furnished room, all
conveniences, $4 a month..
FOLSOM. 1103— Large front double bay-wln-
dow room, suitable for 2 gentlemen.
FRANKLIN, 202— Nicely furnished sunny cor.
room: bath, gas; quiet fam.; very reasonable.
GEARY, Large sunny bay-window suite;
other rooms;; housekeeping privileges.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission; select family
rooming house; $150 to $6 per week. .
HAVES, 738— Sunny furnished or unfurnished
rooms, running water; bath.
HOWARD. 715, ST. DAVID — 200 rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading room; 25c 1 up.
KEARNY, 23— Rooms, all modern accommo-
• dations; by day, week or month; cheap.
LARKIN. 1200— sunny single rooms, $4 mo
up; good board and room; $3 50 per week.
MASON, 511— Single, sunny front room; gas
and bath; private family.
MCALLISTER. 511— Nicely furnished sunny sin-
gle room; running . water; bath: gas; reas.
MCALLISTER, 70S— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms. ;
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— furnished
bay-window room. $1 a week., , 4 .;,;,-..
MONEY :on sealskins, silverware, silks and
1 watches. Uncle Harris, 15 . Grant i aye.
MISSION. 1053—2 or 3 nicely furnished sunny
rooms; use of piano; American family. .
NEVADA House. 122 Sixth— rooms, $1 60
f1 HO wk. , »6 to f_ mo.; also liouuekeeiug. •
ROOMS TO Continued.
NINTH, 85—2 sunny front connecting rooms,
unfurnished, $6 per month.
OAK. 22— Nicely furnished modern • rooms, $6
mo. up: suit. 2; private fam., nice location.
O'FARRELL, 327— Furnished or unfurnished,
large and single front rooms; reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 210 A bay-window front
room. $12; other rooms. $8 and $10.
POLK, Elegantly furnished sunny front
suite, with piano; desirable for music teacher.
POST, 422%— 4 rooms, with furniture, for sale.
POST, 615— Handsome sunny suites and single
rooms; very reasonable.
POST. 622— Sunny si^te or single rooms; first-
class In every respect. .
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE, 16-18 Mason— European: ele-
gant rms; suite,, single; day, week, month;
baths; hot and cold water; transient; elev'tr.
STEVENSON. 79. next corner Second—
- workrooms to let. ■ .
STOCKTON, 242— Nice -sunny rooms, facing
plaza: suites, single; baths; by day or mo.
SUTTER. 715-717-719— Furnished and unfurnish-
ed; choice and sunny; reasonable; investigate.
TURK, Newly furnished sunny suite; new
building: references. ■ .. ■
TURK, 539— Pleasant sunny single and double
rooms, $6 per mo up; hot water, bath, gas.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States, or Canada one year for $1 60, postage
free.
HOARDING AND ROOMS.
COLUMBIA Square, 24, opp. Folsom-st. Park-
Room and board. $18. . .
FELL, Sunny parlor, with lst-class board
for 2 $35 mo.; single rooms; gents preferred.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week: nice location.
FULTON, 833 (The Mizpah)— A quiet family
hotel; modern sunny rooms, single and en
suite; exceptional table; terms reasonable.
GEARY Sunny rooms; modern house;
first-class board. 'Phone Sutter 2061.
HYDE. . 925— Sunny suites; first-class board;
quiet; homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTHERTON.
HYDE, 408— Double and single rooms; first-
class board; Spanish; $36 a month up.
LELAND Hall, Palo Alto, box 115— Handsome
flat and single rooms, with or without board;
pleasant surroundings; terms reasonable.
GUTTER, Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms, with board; overlooking garden; baths.
VAN NESS aye., Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished; with board.
VERY desirable rooms, en suite and single,
with board. In a beautiful new and sunny
flat on Van Ness aye. L. 8., box 20. Call.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WIDOW with comfortable home would like 2
children to board; reasonable. 61 Clara st.
LADY having no children would like child to
board; best of care. 128% Ninth st.
WANTED— or two children to board; refer-
. ences. Address R. S., box 76, Call office.
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board; a
mother's care: references. 234V4 Sixth m.
_____ TO ■ LET.
MARKET, 37— Half of store; with or without
. basement. .
BARN to let— cor. Hyde and Filbert: 25x
70: suit, for coal yard. BABIN, 413 Kearny.
LEAVENWORTH, 1525, cor. of Pacific— Store
and 2 rooms; rent reduced.
SMALL store to let; rent' lIS. 226 Ellis st. '
STABLES TO LET. '
TO RENT— A stable for livery or dairy busi-
ness. . 445 Valencia st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
! keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering;
! surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100
I graduates placed since 1892; catalogue.
THE Lyceum, preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges; accredited
with Stanford University, Cooper College, etc. :
day and evening sessions; ref., Pres. Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AYRES' -Business College, 723 Market st. ;
Individual . instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, .: telegraphy, i etc.; life scholar-
ship, *50; low rat.-,-* per week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations ;" a
course in Tarr's ' counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market st. -■ •
VIOLIN, mandolin, cornet, piano and . other
Instruments taught by lady teachers. 3941
' Twenty-fourth st. , . .
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, mln-
Ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.;
eft. 1864. VAN DER NAILEN. 933 Market.
WEBSTER. 2107H— Piano teacher; studied in
Paris; terms reasonable; best references.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons,
j $3 per month. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
VOICE culture, piano, Paris graduate: French,
Spanish; new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
! 257 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
_______ „
MEDICAL~
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 59
McAllister St.; pills. $2.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once; safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid;' instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home In confinement;
best care and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills and capsules, $1.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 918 Post St.. nr. Larkln.
DRS. GOODWIN, 401 ' Van Ness— Ladies, near
or far, consult free, only doctor who uses
Schenck's method, the celebrated French phy-
sician: safe, sure, reliable cure for all Irreg-
ularities; any cause; restores strength and
vigor of organs; unexcelled; 15 years' prac-
tice; home; best skill; low fees; pills, $2.
LADIES, Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladies," letter by return mail; at
druggists Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home In confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER. 226 Turk st.
SURE cure, when others fail; no medicine or
instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause: restore in 1 day: never fails; consulta-
tion free; can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no Instruments used; cure at
office. $5; consultation hours 10 to 5.
DR. AND MRS. KOHL. 1118 Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$1 50. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 631 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU"S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
DRS. ELY. late of Ohio. 71 Fourth St.— Ladles'
sure cure; any, all; cure at office, $5; pills, it
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 254 V& Fourth st.
DR. HALL. 59 McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children. " /
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
~~~' ~~HORSEr. ~
JUST arrived— so horses, mules, burros. 721
Howard st.: auction every Tuesday.
HORSES, harness, laundry, express wagons of
all kinds, buggies, carts bought, sold, ex-
changed at Emporium. 220 Valencia st.
40 HORSES for sale; also - -vagons. buggies.
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 827 Sixth St., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN ft DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 60. postage
free. . ■ ■- •-.-■.-■■■■•■ .-:-■
WAGONS AND - CARRIAGES.
2-SEATED Job leather top business wagon;
Shaw . trotting . cart. SHAW'S. 1621 Market.
FOR sale— horse and buggy. 4109 ! Twenty-
- fourth - st. :■ : •-.'. - - ■■ ;.:■-■■. '.■ ■/.■-•■.-■-.■-.:-■
FAMILY carriage with harness, good as new,
$175. Address box 2863. Call office. :
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installment*; 1 fine top p.nd opeD
" buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st. - •■-;•.-
' . PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. CO' DO. NELL, office and , residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
PERSONALS.
NOTICE to Next of Kin— FOLEY— Wanted.
' WILLIAM FOLEY and HANNAH FOLEY,
or either of them, • formerly of Labacally,
Fermoy, County ■ Cork, Ireland. WILLIAM
FOLEY, when last heard of about 8 years
ago. was residing in San Francisco. HAN-
NAH FOLEY left Centerville, Alameda
County, Cal., about 2 years ago, stating she
was - going to San Francisco. WILLIAM
FOLEY and HANNAH FOLEY will hear of
something to ■ their advantage if they will
communicate with THOMAS F. CON NELL
& SON, Solicitors, 28 Bachelor's walk, Dub-
lin, Ireland. . ■ ■
YOUNG Christian man would like the ac-
quaintance of a young Christian lady; view
matrimony. Box 9999. Call office. ■.
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL seeking marriage send 10c and postage for
March "Wedding Bell"; 16 rases: no $5 re-
quired. Editor, 111 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
VINO, Dr. Terhune's infallible cure for
drunkenness; given secretly and at home;
absolutely harmless, inexpensive and guar-
anteed to cure; all druggists or write direct.
Terhune Remedy Co., Dept. A, Grand Rapids,
Mich. • ■
MY patrons are sure of having their hair
dressed in the latest _ fashion, 2.'> c; eood
switches, $1; best, finest quality, {2 50; extra
heavy, long, Jo. Open Sundays from. 3 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton Bt.
MRS, JOHNSON, experienced masseuse; elec-
trical water treatment; office 10. lIS Grant
avenue. • ■
QUINONIA Is a perfect hair tonic and harm-
less. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
STAMMERING and stuttering corrected. PROF.
J. WHITEHORN, 570 33d St., Oakland. Cal.
ELECTRIC llKhts in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 60 pc- night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from th« ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made in
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 635 Clay St.. S. F.
AGENT wanted to take orders for merchant
tailoring. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st.
PAINTING, papering, tinting, whitening at
lowest prices. F. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st. .
SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Sth.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and n-ant ads taken.
DRKSSJL.KEIIC.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market st. . .. , .
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dressss.
$5 up: dressei made over. 6 Eddy gt.. rm. SI
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery In life; she i
will show you how to overcome your enemies, |
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with |
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Market St., opp. Sixth.
MRS. EMILY MOORE, 833 Howard St.— The
wonderful trance medium can be consulted
on all the affairs of life; can read your
thoughts: tell Just what you want to know;
If In bad luck she will change it for you;
letters promptly answered; enclose stamps.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. ;
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm. and clairv.; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
all questions; L., 25c; G., 50c; no sign. 3 7th.
YOUR future told by cards; ladles 10c; gents
25c. 221 Sixth st. •
MME. SYTULLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st. ;
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 23c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2, 120>4 Geary st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in ncr pro-
fesslon: never falls: advice: ielp. 929 Post.
MME. MOREAU, best, medium and card-
reader; 25c up; charms given. "3 Fourth st.
MME. LE NORMANDE, reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth.
CHEAPEST and best Klondike stoves In the
world. HOLMES A CO., 416-418 Jackson st.
SPIRITUALISE.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, 10c. 603 McAllister St.; fine music.
C. V. MILLER'S seance to-night 8 o'clock., 2sc.
409 Leavenworth St., near Ellis.
MAUD FOSTER, fortune teller; ladies and
, gentlemen, 25c. 34 Sixth st., room 8.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
't 232 Stockton st. : old No. 218.
MRS. SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy St., room 3.
MISS MELVILLE, the great clairvoyant and
water reader. 921% Mission; German spoken.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 123^ Sixth St., room 14.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia; sittings,
. $1; circles Tues., 2; Sat. eve., 8 p. m. ; 25c.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate-wrltlng me-
dium. lIS Halght st.
HYPNOTISM-
COLLEGE Sug. Therapeutics, 247 Larkln; sci-
ences; hypnotism; private lessons aft., evg.;
classes Mon..Thur. cv. Mrs. Dr.Turman.pres.
LEGAL NOTICES. -
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California— the
matter of the estate of CHARLES C. TER-
RILL, deceased.— of sale of real es-
tate.
Notice Is hereby given that In pursuance of
an order of the Superior Court of the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California,
made on the 21st day of March, 189S, in the
matter of the estate of CHARLES C. TER-
RILL, deceased, the undersigned, ANNIE H.
TERRILL, as executrix of the last will of
said CHARLES C. TERRILL, deceased, will
sell at private sale, to the highest bidder. in
one parcel and for cash in the gold coin of
the United States, on or after the 12th day
of April, 1898. the offers or bids to be received
at the offices of E. F. PRESTON, ESQ..
1004-1007 Claus Spreckels building, San Fran- I
Cisco, all the right, title, interest and estate
of the said CHARLES C. TERRILL at the
time of his death, and all tne right, title and
interest that the estate has, by operation of
law or otherwise, acquired other than or in
addition to that of the said CHARLES C.
TERRILL at the time of his death, in and
to all that certain lot, piece or parcel of land i
situate in said city and county of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, and bounded and
described as follows, to wit:
That lot, piece or parcel of land situate as
aforesaid which is bounded by a line com-
mencing at the southwesterly corner of Va-
lencia and Hermann streets, being the point
of Intersection of the southerly line of Her-
mann street with the westerly line of Va-
• lencia street, and running thence southerly
along the said westerly Bide of Valencia
street seventy-five (75) fe«t to a point; thence
at a right angle westerly, on a line parallel
with Hermann street, ninety (90) feet to a
point; thence at a right angle southerly on' a
line parallel with Valencia street, twenty-
five (26) feet to a point; thence at a right
angle westerly on a line parallel with Her-
mann street, seventy-five (75) feet; and to a
point in the easterly line of Elgin Park-
thence at a right angle northerly and along
the said easterly line or Elgin Park, one
hundred (100) feet, and to a point in the said
southerly line of Hermann street; and thence
easterly, along the said southerly line of
Hermann street, one hundred and sixty-five
, (165) feet and to the point of commencement
the same being a part of Mission block num-
ber twenty-two (22) as the said block *Is
: shown and so designated on the official map
I of said city and county, together with the 1
Improvements thereon and the appurtenances I
thereof.
i ANNIE H. TERRILL. Executrix of the
Estate of CHARLES C. TERRILL, deceased.
Dated, March 26, : 1898. ■
; E. F. PRESTON, Attorney for Executrix.
CITY and County Treasury. San Francisco
I March 16. IS9S— In compliance with the provisl
, ions of section 5 of order 1598 of the Board of
Supervisors, approved September 15, isso
■ there will be Bold at public auction by E. s'
: Spear & Co., at their salesrooms, 31 and 33
: Butter street, on ■'--.:-•■■
MONDAY, APRIL 18. 1898, .
At 10 o'clock a. m., sundry articles of stolen,
lost and unclaimed property recovered by the
police force of San . Francisco, as detailed in
an Inventory thereof on file In the office of
the clerk of the Board of Supervisors, and
consisting , of Jewelry, ■ wearing apparel, pis-
tols, knives, etc.; also a lot of trunks, valises,
clothing, etc., property of : deceased persona
• received . from the Coroner of this city and
" county. Open for inspection on morning of
■ tale. -: " A. C. WIDBER.
. City and County Treasurer.
STORAGE. ,
F^R~iowest rates go to LOUIS .T. NEUMAN^
. 121 Sixth St., open evenings.
AT - low Furniture, ■ carpets, . pianos, .
-' household goods; ' clean, light compartments;
: advances made. J. NOONAN. ■;- 1017 to 1021
; Mission St., above Sixth: open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
; vances - made: ' fireproof building.; F. W.
■ ZEHFUSS. 810 Mission at. Tel. Mint 1821. . 1
CITY RE aL ESTATE.
Al Horiger. Louis A. Souc.
L. A. SOUC & CO.,
Real Estate and Insurance Brokers.
Houses Rented. Rents Collected.
465 and 467 Valencia Street, near Sixteenth.
As we make a specialty of Mission prop-
erty and are right on the spot, we can save
you time and money by calling on us at once.
$8000—26x105: Mission, near 16th; modern
building containing store, 3 rooms, bath; 2
flats, 6 and 7 rooms; bath; all In perfect or-
der; this is a bargain; rents for $65.
$6000—55x90 ; cor. Duncan and Dolores sts. ;
modern building, store, 4 rooms; upper flat,
7 rooms, bath and laundry; coal yard and
stable; cottage of 4 rooms; worth $10,000; see
this and make an offer.
$3000—25x100: California aye., near Mission:
Just completed: modern Eastlake cottage of 7
rooms, bath; open plumbing, all the latest !
Improvements; large basement: terms made
to suit purchaser.
$6250— 28x100; Valencia, near 19th: best block
In the Mission; store and house. S rooms and
bath.
$5000 — 25x105; Guerrero st. modern home;
bay-window house. 8 rooms, bath: Al order.
— 25x100; Mission, near 21st; cheap; <
store. 2 rooms; 2 flats; & rooms and bath :
each.
50x100; Just the place for fine stores ;
and fiats.
$6500—00x115; 17th St., near Guerrero; house,
S rooms and bath: driveway and stable.
$3250— 25x50; San Carlos aye., near 21st; two
flats, 5 rooms and bath each.
$2500 — Lexington aye., near 21st; a nice
small Investment; 2 flats of i and 4 rooms; al-
ways rented for $23.
$1350—25x114; 2Sth st., near Dolores; cheap
home; cottage, 4 rooms; large basement.
$2150—26x114; 27th st., near Sanchez: modern
bay-window cottage, 5 rooms and bath.
$2650—25x75: San Carlos aye., near 19th; two-
story house, 6 rooms and bath.
$550— 25x114; 20th St., near Church.
$800—25x114; Jersey st., near 24th.
$650— 2'ucluO; Sanchez St., near 18th. \
$4f,0— 25x100; Rhode Island, near 23d.
. $1000—25x114: 27th, near Guerrero.
$1000—25x114; 23d, near Sanchez.
L. A. SOUC & CO., 465-467 Valencia st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR.
CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SECURE A HOME.
Positively Best Bargains'. Easiest Terms!
$100, $150 to $250; level building lots near
i Mission-st. electric cars; only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS! :''■■
$400, MOO to $850; graded officially; superb
view; $25 down and $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
RICHMOND LOTS! ~~
$400, $450 to $SC>O; choicest building lots;
streets graded and sewered; $25 down: $10
monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$1350 to $lS00; choice, almost new. cottage in
Richmond and Sunset Heights; easy payments.
♦ -. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams,
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A, Crocker building.
: 1
INSTALLMENT HOUSES. ~ ~~ ~
The. best-situated spot in the city for
homes; right on a car line; corner Castro and j
Twentieth sts. : only 4 out of 28 houses re-
. mainlng unsold; 1 large 6-room house, $3600,
highly decorated, street accepted; 1 8-room
•cottage, $2800; 1 6-room cottage, $2400, and 1
4-room cottage, $2250. F. NELSON, owner '
and builder. j
! ONLY $13 60 a month will buy a new 4-room j
and bath cottage: good neighborhood: 5 al-
ready sold. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgom-
ery st
MODERN cottage of 8 rooms and bath, In fine
condition; large basement; $3000, on install-
ments. 2320 Bryant aye.
LADIES accommodated with money at home.
Ring up Uncle Harris. 'Phone Brown. 323.
COCNTRV REAL ESTATE.
IN CAPAY VALLEY
— IN CAPAY VALLEY
: — IN CAPAY VALLEY
The Earliest and Richest Fruit Section.
The Earliest and Richest Fruit Section.
The Capay Va" ■ in Yolo County, lies north
■ of the famous Vaca Valley, and possesses the
I same characteristics of that great fruit sec- j
tion. We offer in this 'valle" and vicinity !
lands belonging tn the Bank of Woodland at i
, less than the foreclosure price; prices range
■ from $2 25 an acre for grazing land to $40 an j
! acre for the best fruit land.
DON'T MISS THIS CHANCE I
DON'T MISS THIS CHANCE
! Call or send for the catalogue and price list
of these lands.
McAFEE BROTHERS
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal.
PAYS $8000 NET PER YEAR- '■ '
A splendid investment; finely improved ranch
property In Alameda county price $150,000.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
Pasture lands for sale or rent; reclaimed
and unreclaimed: rent 10c per acre and up-
ward; for sale, $2 and acre and upward. Mc-
AFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery St., S. F.
A finely improved ranch: 600 acres; near Con-
cord; 25 acres bearing orchard: 10 acres vines,
; 200 acres grain; only $16,000. McAFEE BROS..
j 108 Montgomery st., S. F.
J $3600 FOR 1% acres within 8 minutes' walk
from Santa Rosa postoffice and court house;
fine house, 8 large rooms, besides hall, pan-
try and bath room; piped for water and gas:
large stable, barn, 3 sheds, 130 choice fruit
trees; will sell whole "or in blocks to suit
Address R. W. BELL, 804 Tupper St., Santa
Rosa, Cal.
COUNTRY home to let in Santa Clara Co.. bet.
Stanford University and Mountain View; 1
mile from Mayfleld; house 7 rooms; 2 cottages
4 rooms: garden, orchard, etc; will rent low
for 1 or 3 years to suitable tenar.t. Apply C.
8. CAPP & CO.. Real Est. Agts., 630 Market. |
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
MILL VALLEY: for sale, house, furnished or
unfurnished. Apply 526 Turk st.
TEHAMA County. SO acres partly fenced; good
water. Apply 403 Bryant
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN, Cottonwood, Shasta Co., CaL
A WEEK'S , news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms: 4s minutes
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market at.
PKOHERTV 1O KXCIIAM.I.
2 STORES and 6-room flat; in city $5,000
Store and 2 flats; rented for $61 8,000
Lot in Santa Rose for hardware store.. 500
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth, S. F.
PROPERTY, to exchange— 6Bo acres of grain
and fruit land In Tehama County, 3% miles
from railroad station, to exchange for resi-
dence In San Francisco In residence portion
of the city; land valued at $20,000; free of in-
cumbrance; residence offered for exchange
must be unlncumbered. Address box 232, Sac-
ramento, Cal. •
i WHAT have you to exchange for East Berke- !
ley residence lot? furniture preferred. EX. j
106 Eleventh st. -
Si()>r,V TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, , real estate in
probate, life Insurance, goods In warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room S.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In 8. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. . ■■•-.-
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates, i Baldwin Jewelry
Btore, 948 Market st; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos; city. or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNKLLI, 130 Powell st
GO to a regular- licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth st. upstairs; strictly private; ■ low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1869.
QUICK on furniture, pianos; no removal; no
commis. ; low Interest Rm. 68, 1170 Market.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 328 Montgomery.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
uate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dry den. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum; Ist and 2d mort-
gages. estates, etc. MURPHY. 828 Market nt
ON pianos, furniture; no - removal: lowest
rates; no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
SIXTH. 10— Most reliable place to borrow
:. money; diamonds and Jewelry. ■ ■' .
/ MONEY "WANTED. i ..
WANTED— On Improved property "- $2000; no
■ agents. K. Z., box 6, Call office, Oakland.
,'-•  « . FINANCIAL. ~ ~~
LOANS on real estate, bonds, ' etc. ; lowest
: rates. McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery st
PAWNBROKERS.
SAVE Interest and borrow from the CUT RATB
. LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason St.; ' private rooms.
TO LEASE-
TO ; Lease— Restaurant privileges, El Campo,
, season: ISPS. Apply J. HAYDEN, , steamer
Tiburon bar.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.:
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY. \
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$75 LOT, worth $150, in the Aller.dale Settle-
ment, East Oakland: $5 cash. $5 monthly;
build your own home or we will build It for
you; payment as rent; all streets graded,
some macadamized: 3 electric-car lines and
fine school house near by; climate, soil and
view the very best; call or send for circu-
lar, 455 Seventh St., cor. Broadway, Oakland;
carrtge free. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
MUST be sold— Corner let. 100x150. with 5
houses, bringing in a rental of $85 per month;
only one block from narrow gauge depot;
will be sold In whole or part: offer wanted.
J. CALLAGHAN. 814 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
$2"— EIGHT-room furnished house: 7 min-
utes from Clinton station; Haywards electric
car passes door: grounds, orchard, stable;
halt block Lake Merrltt; piano. 1311 Fourth
aye. _______________________________
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store. 40S
Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS^
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAITNOTicE~ __^^ - -1 --..
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700.. $1800, «:00, $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on •* market for non-payment
of Installments, and they are now offered at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4. 5, 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date;
alm^t new, and located near schools and sta-
tions. .
4 We are going to weed them out and invite
inspection. MARCUSE * REMMEL.
Bay-st. station. Alameda. and 628 Market st.,
~fl' San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
$750— Lot 60x270; modern cottage 5 rooms, near
schoolhouse.
$1200— Sacrifice; corner lot 35x140; good house of
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
$1600— Lot 50x150: fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath:«nepr Chestnut station.
$2860— 5150 cash; $25 per month: lot 40x160: only
2 blocks from station and hlrti school.
$3750 — New house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
42x150; choice location; very easy terms.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
BERKELEY— cottage, electric lights
throughout, to rent for the summer. 2115
Bancroft way, near Berkeley Station: $25.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were granted
yesterday:
! John W. Green and Grace E. Amsler, 73-53.
Abner R. Tisher and Grace Rodesino, 24-18.
Thomas J. Lewis and Agnes J. Dykes, 32-23.
U. J. CaselU and Elizabeth P. Cuneo. 30-17.
| BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be.
I handel in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence-
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
MORINE— March 29, 1898, to the wife of J. P.
Morlne, a son.
WEEKS— this city, April 6, IS9S, to the wife
of Dr. T. W. Weeks, a daughter.
MARRIED.
COLLINS— WILLOUGHBY— In this city. April
5, 1898, by the Rev. Dr. Spalding. rector of St.
John's Church, Thomas S. Collins and Mrs.
Irmle Wllloughby, both of San Francisco.
KAMLER— DAVIS— this city, April 3. 1898,
by the Rev. H. Samuelson, Isadore Kamler
and Sarah Davis, both of San Francisco.
LEIKENS— MURPHY— Oakland, April 8,
1898, by the Rev. E. R. Dllle, Joseph G.
Leikens and Ruby B. Murphy, both of San
Francisco.
I SMITH— HATCHER— In this city. March 24,
1898. by the Rev. E. R. Dllle. Harry Claude
Smith and Myrtle Pearl Hatcher, both of San
Francisco.
1 WALLIN— HUSTON— 6, 1898, by the Rev.
Dr. E. Nelander, Frank A. Wallin and Hen-
rietta Huston.
DIED.
Bailey, Margaret E. Hlckey. John
Bole, David . Hyland, Edward J. .
Bolger, John Koenig, Moritz
Coppin, Alvira Muller, Fred J. W.
Corbett. Sarah C. Sundberg. John R.
Cummings, Edmund Wilson, Samuel i —
Graham, Elizabeth Wood. Edmond : ■
BAILEY— In this city, April 6. 1898, ; Margaret
E.. beloved wife of Nathan J. Bailey, daugh-
ter of Susan and the late Bernard McCabe,
and sister of Bernard, George and Joseph
McCabe, Mrs. William S. Russell and the
late John McCabe, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 25 years.
E7"Rema!ns at the parlors of James Mc-
Menomy & Son, 1057 Mission street, near
Seventh.
BOLE— In this city, April 5, 1898. David Bole,
a native of Mayo, Ireland, aged 68 years 2
months and 6 days. (Reno, Nev., papers
please copy.)
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the luneral services
this day (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, at the
residence of his niece, Mrs. Edw. Deerlng,
205 Steiner street. Interment private. .
BOLGER— In this city, April 6. 1898, John, be-
loved husband of Margaret Bolger, a native
of County Carlow, Ireland, aged 63 years.
(Louisville, Ky., papers please copy.)
tC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from his late residence,
819V4 Dolores street, thence to St. James
Church, Twenty-third and Guerrero streets,
for services. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery-
COPPIN— this city, April 6, 1898, at her resi-
dence, 319 North Wlllard street, Alvira, be-
loved wife of R. J. S. Coppin, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Van Buskirk, and mother of
Florence V. Coppin, a native of Canada, aged
37 years and 3 months.
Notice cf funeral hereafter.
CORBETT— ApriI 6, 1898, Sarah Cecelia Cor-
bett, beloved mother of Mary and Katie, Mrs.
T. P. Fitzpatrick and Mrs. Allen P. Net-
tleten, a native of. County Galway, Ireland,
aged 65 years.
Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Thursday), at 2
o'clock, from her late residence, 815 Filbert
street. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oak-
land.
CUMMINGR— In the City and County Hospital.
April 6, 1898. Edmund Francevill Cummings,
a native of Virginia, aged 56 years.
GRAHAM— In this city, April 6, 1898, •at the
residence of his sister, Mrs. D. Harris, 535
Elizabeth street, near Castro, Edward, be-
loved son of the late Elizabeth Murray, and
• brother of Mrs. C. Stahs, Mrs. E. Mason,
Mrs. D. Harris, Mrs. T. Bulger, . Richard
Graham and Thomas Murray Jr., a native of
San Francisco. - ':
Notice of funeral hereafter.
HICKEY— this city, April 5, 1898. at St
Mary's Hospital, John Hickey, a native of
County Limerick, Ireland, aged 78 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HYLAND— In Oakland. April 6, 1898, Edward
J., beloved son of Michael and Annie Hy-
land, and brother of William T. Hyland, a
native of Oakland, aged 17 years and 2 days.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funerai to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clook, from his parents' resi-
dence, 207 Third st. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
KOENIG— In this city, April 4, IS9B, Moritz,
dearly beloved husband of Anna Koenig, and
■ father of Anita Koenig, a native of Ann-
stadt, Germany, aged 46 years and 9 months.
A member of Germania Lodge No. 1718, K. of
H.. and Deutscher Krieger Verein.
CT'Notlce of funenal hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mis-
sion st
MULLER— this city, April 4, 1598. Fred J.
W., dearly beloved husband of Louise Muller.
and father of Fred, Rena and George Muller,
a native. of Westphalen. Germany, .aged 49
yars 7 months and 2 days. A member of
" Germania Lodge No. 1718, K. of H., Gesell-
schaft Teutonia and Mission Turn Verein.
(Sonoma and Napa County papers pleas*
copy.)
EJTrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this I day
! (Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, . from his late
'. residence, 122 Cumberland street, between
Guerrero and Dolores, Nineteenth and Twen-
tieth, thence by electric funeral-car from
. Guerrero and Cumberland streets at 2:30
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SUNDBERG— In this city, April 5, IS9B. John
R., beloved husband of Emma Louise, and
father of Emey and Edwlna Sundberg. a na-
tive of Sweden, aged 45 years and 10 months.
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Friday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
: dence, 17 Webster street Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, via electric-car. :
X of H— Members of Yerba Buena Lodge No.
1788, K. of H.. are respectfully requested to
, attend the funeral of our late brother, John
', R. Sundberg.
A. M. MacPHERSON, Dictator.
R. H. NOBLE, Reporter.
WILSON— In . this city. April 5. IS9B, Samuel
Wilson, a native of England, aged 69 years.
WOOD— In this city, April 6, 1898, Edmond, be-
loved son of Charles and Lottie Wood, a na-
; tive of San Francisco, aged 18 days.
T" ""TTcAVOY & GALLAGHER, ■■■/
. FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMBSS I
£0 1 If TH ST., Opp. Lincoln schooL 1
• ____I__Tejepb.one, South 80. J I
910
FOUR PURSES
TO FAVORITES
E. Come Ran Away With
Piggott and Sevens
Won Handily.
Eddie Jones Defeated His Com
pany in Commanding
Fashion.
Miß» Rowena Failed to Connect
Th» Going Just Suited
Caspar.
The downpour of rain left the track at
Oakland In bad shape. The talent, from
.long experience, have grown wise, how
ever, and In the nix events decided yes
terday horses with short odds about
them crossed the wire first in four in
stances. •
Miss Rowena opened favorite for the
first event at five furlongs, receded in the
betting and was easily beaten by Blar
ney Stone, the second choice. The first
choice developed a bad streak of "dog"
In the stretch.
The ring laid I *•» 1 against Caspar iff
the opening betting on the eight siartoMj
in the mile and ;t sixteenth. He was n <^fl
mered down to 9 to £>, and, afu-r making^
all the running, won without much In fsjt
serve from Paul Pry. Thelma was &
close third. 4*
H. L. Frank's Montajia-bred co'.t, JSR
Come, was sent to the post an ewf
chance to win the four-furlong scramble
for 2-year-olds, and in a false breakaway
at the post ran away with Plggott. Seven
waa then rubbed to 9 to 10, and at the
■wire won bands down from La Pares
eeupe. Gold Scratch was third.
It is quite evident that Eddie Jones, the
brown Morello colt, is at home in heavy
going. He held sway in the betting on
the mile-and-a-furlong run for 3-year
olds, and, waiting on San Veuado and
l?orgia to the stretch, assumed the front
Eosltion and led Torsida past the judges
y four open lengths In 1:58*2-
Again the wise ones landed on the right
one in the mile-and-a-sixteenth selling
affair. Alvarudo, with H. Martin in the
p.'uldle, made an end-to-end affair of it,
winning eased up from Flashlight. Kews
gatherer, the second choice, was a poor
third.
A big plunge was made on Aima to take
th->. final six-furlong spin for mares, but
Thorp<- was unable to iar.d her inside the
money. Silver State was in front most
of the way. and ridden out, downed the
second choice. Lost Girl, a length. Show
honors went to Florimel.
Track Notes.
Satsuma was sent the Burn 3 Handicap rout*,
one mile and a quarter, yesterday, covering
the distance In 2:12... Buck Slassle was also
given on airing and looks fit to give somebody's
hnrse an argument. Candelaria went the dis
tance In 2:13. Some of the trainers think the
latter carried much rr.ore than his weight In
the handicap raJis for. Jimmy McCormlck,
though, di'i-lares the colt hasn't a chance.
Despite all the talk about weights, the fleid
in Saturdays big stake will he a larrre (.no,
*nd the betting will be a perplexing problem.
Handlcapper Brooks has shown in the past that
when he takes the time lie can handle welght-
B/jjustlnK to a nicety, and it really seems as
though h* should make the 110,000 stake his
master effort.
Caatake i ame out in the first after a pro
tracted vacation, and way well played to finish
in the attic. The gliding was evidently a bit
Ihort, ar.d should be worth a bet next time out
X not outclassed.
There was much adverse criticism over the
ride Charley Macklln put up on Santello. It
leems a strange fact that Macklln Invariably
r.eets with hard luck of swme sort when riding
i rt-prlced hor>e. He should reverse things,
tnd then people would not be given to gossip.
. the manner in which one or two bones
R'-re ridden in the second race, Caspar could
nave broken all four leffs and then rolled In
ft-ithout danger of being defeated.
The wise ones all sot aboard Alma in the
;ast race. When the barrier was released
Thorpe was unable to take the lead and was
nit oft at the far turn, ruining all chances.
Pedro Enos on Lost Girl evidently thought
;hat for the one special occasion the wire had
seen moved about 100 yards further away. Had
je ridden the mare vigorously from the head of
.he stretch, instead of reserving himself lor a
p-and stand tinish, the outsider, Silver State,
vould have been second instead of first.
Borgia made a lovely showing after his
luperli exhibition In the Derby. He galloped
!or about seven furlongs and then faded away
la though race tracks were not his game. It
Mold hardly be said the going did not suit
Jim. for during the early stages of the run
)lng the bay colt traveled as though right at
tome.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Race— Five furlongs; three-year-olds.
310 Uncle True 110 850 Rcwormonde ...".MB
851 Oahu 105 758 Kitty Blake ....100
793 Candle Black ..110 241 Amasa 10"
881 Satlcoy 10! 710 Little T G 100
844 Yule 105 SSI Towanda 105
MS Lady Ashley ...10." 3i2 Tempse 100
752 Lona Marie 100 525 Ilohenlohe 110
825 Toriblo 107
Second Race — mile; maiden two-year
»lds.
563 Uhler 115 843 Zacatoea 10S
858 Bly 105: 742 Anchored 108
...O'Connor 115 Sl9 San Augustine.. loß
... Beautiful Gir1. .115 845 Crossmollna 115
819 Kelna de Cuba.. 105 813 Practice 115
843 Faversham 118 766 Rainier 105
832 Owyhee US SlO Ellen Woods ...105
... Gold Fin 118|
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/**>. tea « n
Chronic Eczema spread all over my head.
I had two doctors and tried lotions, but re-
ceived little benefit. Tho dreadful itching
became almost intolerable, and when I was
heated, the Eczema became painful, and
ilmost distracted me. Tried CrTicußA Rem-
edies, the Eczema rapidly disappeared, and I
tm well with no trace of any cutaneous disease. ■
J. EMMETT REEVES,
Feb. 22, 98. Box 125, Thorntown, Ind.
"Was afflicted with an itching rash all over
my body. I could not sleep, but was com-
pelled to Ho awake and scratch all the time.
My father and two brothers were afflicted with
the same thine We all suffered terribly for
% year and a half. Three cakes of Cuticutia
Boap and three boxes of Cdticcra (ointment)
Sitred the four of us completely.
Feb. 22, 1895. RICHARD ANDERSON,
Geneva, Box Elder Co., Utah.
My hands vere completely covered with
Eczema, and between my fingers ibo skin was
perfectly raw. I could get no ease. night or
day. I was in a raga of itching. Sly husband
had to dress and undress rue like a baby.
The test physicians' medicines gavo me no
relief, and drove roe almost crazy. I used
the COTICCRA (ointment), and fire minutes
after the first application I teat perfectly easy,
and slept soundly ail thai might, and I have not
tad the Eczema in two years.
AGNES M. HARRIS, Push, Va.
BFEECT Crnn TBEATXETT FOB TOETrailtG, Dis-
niußiNo Htmoiis, with l>css or Haib. — Warm baths
With Cuiiccea Boat, eenllt ar.oMinir« with CrricrEA
{ointment ), tho croat skin cure, mild do«« ot Citictra
Absolvent, ;rf itut of blood pnrifler* -.4 humor cures.
Bold throughout the VMM. Pottec Dbco ajtsCbzii.
Com*.. Pnla M-ons- Bo»Wa.
■••» " Saw to Care Itching Skin DiteatM." mailed fttt.
Third Race— and a half furlongs; the
W&terhouse Stakes; tv.-n-year-olds; value, $1250.
772 Lavator 1131 ... Master Lee US
SO? Obsidian 113 730 Distance 10S
(858)Sevena 120 ... Alcatraz US
828 Ollnthua US ... Bishop - Mangle
813 Ocorona *vS Allen colt ....118
845 Humidity 115 ... St. Isadora 118
814 Chllcoot Pass. ..no ...Cloisonne IIS
809 Buena Ventura. l2o ... Julien-Old Miss
re« El Mldo 115 colt 118
SSS E. Come 115
Fourth Race— furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling.
842 Ed r.Rrtlar.d 11. !>3 «1<! Watomba JB
841 Offl'-la! 9r, iT.fiU^arney Stnne.. 9:>
(S42tOoo<l Friend ... SO, (Sr,4>Konito 94
ree I.ady M c :7 Konnle lone 90
FKth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward.
549 Distinction 99' SSG May W 109
R4J MrLlght 112 (7<*nßobair W»
(S3o)OVonnell 109 8441 Whistle Bird ...mi
864 Refugee 109 s "^ Kov Carruthers.lol
KB Montgomery ....109l 722 Xuncomar 101
Sixth Rare— One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward; selling.
F29 Mnringa 93' 852 Twinkler 88
S. r »4 Mocorlto 96 579 Don Gara 103
849 Sly io« 857 Fart Augustus.. lo3
(B:6)Break o" Day...106| 527 LI Hung Chang. 8S
830 The Plutocrat... 103 1
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Candle Black. Rosorroonde, To
rlblo.
Second Race— Zacatosa, Gold Fin. Crossmo
llna-
Thinl Race— Lavator. El Mido, Obsidian.
Fourth Race— Bonlto, Free Lady, Good
Friend.
Fifth Race — O'Connell, Montgomery. May W.
Sixth Race— Sly, Break o' Day, Morlnga.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
I Addlson Lyle. a capitalist of Plttsburg,
I Is a guest at the Palace.
I G. B. McCord, a hotel man of Hanford,
I If a guest at the Grand.
PR. A. Trimble, a wealthy New Yorker,
Pto registered at the Palace.
WTheron Butterworth and wife of New
[work are at the Occidental.
<^H. C. Wick, a large sheep raiser of New
■Kealand, is at the Lick with his daugh-
Fred Singer, of the Singer Sewing Ma
chine Company of New York, is at the
Palace.
Guy L. Kennedy, of Kennedy & Fritch,
traders of Tahiti, is a guest at the Oc
cidental.
W. S. Howell, a banker of Omaha, is at
the Palace. Mrs. Howell accompanies her
husband.
Charles J. Cox, a wealthy rancher of
Holllster, is one of yesterday's arrivals at
the California.
Dr. and Mrs. F. N. Otis of New York,
accompanied by Dr. W. R. Otis, are ut
the California.
William A. Merer and John Thompson
are two young English travelers who axe
staying at the Occidental.
Dr. A. W. McNath and wife arrived
on the Alameda yesterday from Sydney,
Australia, and went to the Grand.
T. Dewoz, agent for the North German
Lloyd people at Sydney, is at the Palace
on his way home to enjoy a vacation.
E. F. Bishop and wife and Alex ar.J
M. D. Mcßrlde arrived from Honolulu
yesterday and went to the Occidental.
John Gutherie, a member of the House
of Representatives of New Zealand, is
one of the passengers who arrived on the
Alameda yesterday.
George B. Katzenstein, a fruit man of
Sacramento, and William Campbell, a
mining man of Grass Vailey, are both
registered at the Lick.
J. T. Arumlel, the man who purchased
Clipperton Island, is agaJn in the city,
having arrived yesterday on the Alameda.,
and is staying at the Occidental.
Joseph Jordan,
reporter, play
wright, littera
teur and general
all-round dilet
tante, went up
to the moun
tains to emulate
the great and
only Pete Bipelow, of Evans and Son
tap memory, and get an interview with
the train robbers wlio are hiding in the
fastnesses of the hills back of Horaitos.
wh< 'nc,- they refuse to emerg? and
be captured by the hundred and odd sher
iffs, deputy sheriffs, constables and de
tectives who, armod to the tee.th, patrol
the streets of that town and Merced In
case the bandits should decide to come
in some fine afternoon and attend a pink
tea or go to a dance.
HOW (
JOE JORDAN (
RODE
HORSEBACK. '
Mr. Jordan failed to find tho despera- !
does, but they were about the only things j
that he did not find. To start with, he
found Merced in the middle of the night
and Fpent the hours until dawn trying
to discover whether it was a flea or abed- I
bug that had discovered him, eventually
ascertaining that It was the latter, to ;
whom he was forced to give up his bed
and take what rest he could on the floor. I
The next thing Mr. Jordan discovered |
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
pALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -Oakland Track-1 34-th da y of the
v> Winter Meeting, Wednesday, April 6. 1898. Weather cloudy.
Track heavy.
gCjg^ FIRST RACE— furlongs;
purse, $300.
842 Blarney Stone 1
(844) MiM Rowena V
753 Al Koran 1
(4G3) Cutaka 11
... Emma Rey »...H
836 Hardly X
... Miss Dividend V
722 ("yaro H
... Quirte 1
... Melkarth 1
4 *
t
2
1
3
7
I 6
9
10
! 6
18
2 l\i
1 1
4 2
3 2
6 V 4
6 3
7 10
10
8 2
8 1
12 4
3 Vi
6 3
5 2
4 3
7 10
10
9 1
8 2
1 3
2 4 .
3 5
4 15
5 1
6 4
7 5
8 2
9 %
10
r>nieias
Thorpe
Clawson
Henncssy ....
Enos
4 3
2-5 3-5
10 s 10
20 12
100 200
5 15
50 100
100 500
100 200
100 200
|IM-~"tt
O'Nell .'.'.'.'.'.'.
McElhanon ..
Griffin
Mills
Time, l:03H- Winner, F. Brown's eh. c. by imp.
Won easily.
Good start.
OK7 SECOND RACE— and a sixteenth miles; selling; four-year-olds and up-
OO f • ward; purse. $400.
845 Caspar, 4 105 4
(SW) T'rul Pry. 6 105 2
732 Thelnia, a 100 1
545 Jc<» Terry, R 105 6
547 Fort Augustus, 4.. .106 3
84» Sea Spray, 6 102] 7
546 Claudius, a 105! 5
846 Masoero, 5 If 2, 8
v
2 1
6 1
6 2
4 H
7 3
_8
1 h
3 3
2 B
4 h
« ',»
5 2
7 3
8
1 2
3 4
2 H
4 H-
6 h
6 3
7 15
8
1 6
8 3
2 2
4 2
6 2
5 H
7 15
1 C
4 4
n
Itt
6 "^
6 H
7 10
8
1 2 'Mclntyre
I h |H. Martin....
3 4 i Woods
4 20 !r,ray
B 2 Hennessy ....
6 4 McDonald ...
7 10 Clawson
8 Stevens
3
7-6
10
6-2
6
20
5
8
8-5
3
8
10
7
50
15
15
Time. 1:55H- Winner. D. A. Honig's b. h. by imp.
Won easily.
Good stnrt.
858.
Index. li
THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; selling; two-year-olds ; purse, $350.
ilorses. Weight. I St. him. %rrT Km. Str Fin. I Jockei
84:', Sevens 107 2
815 T.» Paresseuse 103 4
0.12 Gold Scratch 108 1 1
74S X Come. 1081 6
543 Santello 10S! 3
748 Hly IPO' 6
3 2
1 4
2 1
4 10
5 3
6
3 5
1 1
2 2
4 4
6 2
6
1 3
2 4
8 6
4 1
5 4
6
!. Martin
lawson
2 3-10
12 12
5 4
1 3
5 6
40 60
horpe .
iKKOtt
larklin
[(•Donald ...
Time. :51.
Won f-aplly.
Winner, N. S. Hall & Co.'s b. t. by Imp. Watercress-Folly.
Fair start.
OKQ FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles; three- year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Hones. Weight. jSt. Std. \4m. %m. %m! Str Fin. I JoekeysT"
847 Eddie Jones 112 2 32 4 4 4 1114 Thorpe .. 2 7-5
S4O Torrida 107! 3 In 3h 3H 81 22 26 H. Martin ' ? 3
M 0 norpia 102 1 1 2h 2 IH2I 2h B^4 33 Clawson " 8-5 3
(849) San Venado 102! 4 4 1 h 1 h 1 h 4 4 Gray 3 4
Tiirip, 1:58%. Winner, Bums & Waterhouse's b. c. by Morello-Early Rose. GoofTstart
Won easily.
mm....
Dn
2 7-5
3 , 3
8-5 3
3 4
Q(?A FIFTH RAPE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling;
OOU« purse. $400.
four- year-old 3 and upward;
* .--„--,-- „....■ .... „.... ...... 'wk/5. up. vi.
(534) Alvara/io ■ 11. B 102 2 11 1 2 1 ltt .1 1% 11H 1 3 'H Martin i-« A S
(847) Flanhllcht. 6........1U 5 2 2 2 1 2 1 23 24 26 HennesVy i 6
OS Newsiatherer; 4....105 1 6 414 32 3.1 32 32 Ww«on "*" 2 5-2
C3:> Wheel of Fortune.e.lOfll 432 5 5 42 4 6 415 laray ■ '-'"" f' M
478 Double Quick, 5.... 108 3 4h ?. H_ 4 2 5 5 6 'Shlelda"!""" 10 7
Won'SSi!y Winner. W. B. Sink Sr ' 8 eh " -by -Santa~Margarlt^r Good start.
BGS» SIXTH 'RACE— Six -furlongs; selling; mares four years old and upward ; purse,
Index. Horses. Weight. l St. V 4 m. 'Am. ,%m. Str\ Fin7~| Jockeys fOn c\
704 Silver State, a !
K4H L.o?t Oirl, 4
Ml Florimel. 4 |
f.20 Ijono Princess, 4
6S!) Claudiana. 4
805 Alma, 4 :
S3l Queen Safie, 4
\i
I 6
|_7
1 1
2 h
5 h
4 ' .
6 10
• 3 h
13
2 1
4 14
3 h .
C 15
5 2
7
1 li
2 2
3 i/j
4 : i
C 3
6 2
7
1 1
2 8
3 2
4 4
5 3
6 2
: 7 :
O. Wilson....
Knos
11. Martin....
Cray
Clawson
Thorpe
■ ; 8 '•-; 12
2 13-»
• C 12
8-5 S-2
8 .25
V 3 ; 6-5
- 20 ■ 100
Macklln
Time. 1:18 ft, Winner, D. O'Keefe's b. ra. by imD
Won first three driving.
Good start.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 1898.
was a myptlc maze composed of barb wire
just outside of Hornitos. He found the
center of the maze one evening at about
7 o'clock and it was about an hour after
midnight when he found the way out.
He is still taking up the rents in his
clothing. The following morning Jordan
and a cow became aware of each other's
presence at about the same time. The
cow was wearing a brindle hide, a dewlap
and a tail, while Jordan was attired in
a bright red sweater. The ensuing race
was one of the most exciting in the his
tory of mountain sport, and was won by
Jordan, who beat the cow to a five-barred
hurdle by about a length, though ho
failed to clear the ditch on the other side.
The afternoon of the same day this won
derful discoverer became possessed of a
piece of information that will linger in
his memory when many another fact
shall have faded away and been for
gotten, namely, the surprising force with
which a man can fall from a horse whose
back looks, to the observer standing in
the road, to be not over three feet from
the ground.
Mr. Jordan wanted a horse and. after
some trouble, a small beast of buckskin
tendencies and uncertain temperament
was procured. The animal was led up
to where that gentleman was standing
telling an admiring crowd of fellow re
porters of how he used to break his own
string when he worked at cow punching,
and stood quietly enough waiting for Joe
to finish; but as soon as that gentleman
had concluded and started to mount him
a cha-nge came over the beast's demeanor.
He sidled this way and that, and it was
only with the help of half a dozen by
standers that his temporary rider was
at length enabled to mount into the sad
dle, where he remained for exactly
thirteen seconds, and then hit the road
with such force that, when his friends
came to his assistance, he said: "Don't
touch me, boys; the top of my head is
cracked clear around, and if you joggle
me it will fall off like the top of a split
cocoanut Just tell my wife my last
thoughts were of her, and leave me to
die in peaces"
It was found, however, that things were
not as bad as he imagined. He had, for
tunately, fallen on his face, so no partic
ular harm waa done.
Kdgar Ashcroft. owner of the Broken
Hill mines of Victoria, N. S. W., and dis
coverer of the sulphite process of saving
silver, Is a guest at the Palace.
Norman Menzies, proprietor of Menztes'
Hotel In Melbourne, Is one of the arrivals
on the Alameda who went to the Palace.
Mr. Menzies Is accompanied by his
daughter.
G. W. Star, a mlnlne man of South
Africa, who manages ten mines In the
vicinity of Johannesberg, is one of those
who got in on the Alameda yesterday and
went to the Palace.
George Condon, a member of the Lon
don Chartered Company's forces at Jo
hannesburg, Is at the Occidental. He ar
rived yesterday and the report is that
he is on his way to the Klondike,
Mr. and Mrs. Stennett of Brisbane,
New Zealand. F. Einning of New Zea
land, D. N. Nolan- and family of Auck
land, and M. M. Wllkle of Auckland, all
arrived on the Alameda yesterday and
went to the Occidental.
Among the passengers of the Alameda
who registered at the Palace yesterday
are E. Howard Taylor of Australia, W.
P. Dunlap of Sydney, Alfred Krutz, W.
S. Spencer and T. R. Bell of Melbourne
and J. W. White of Sydney, who is ac
companied by his wife and dauhter.
J. O. Fairfax, proprietor of the Sydney
Morning Herald, and W. G. L. Spowers.
proprietor of the Melbourne Argus ana
Weekly Australasian, are two newspaper
men from the Antipodes who arrived on
the Alameda yesterday. Both gentlemen
are staying at the Palace, and are ac
companied by their wives.
Miss Chispa do Greayer Sanborn, daugh
ter of William D. Sanborn, general agent
of the Burlington route, who has been
spending the winter in the East with her
grandmother, Mrs. S. A. Sanborn, of
Galesburg. 111-, and rlso visiting friends
in Chicago, St. Louis and Omaha, re
turned home last Monday, and will here
after be at home to her friends at 1406
Buchanan street.
V. M. Clement, a mining man of South
Africa, who was one of the Jameson raid
ers, and who was captured by the Boers
and only liberated after paying a fine of
£2000, is a guest at the Palace, where he
arrived yesterday on "his way from Africa
to the Klondike, -where he goes with
George Star, another South African ex
pert, to look into the mining opportuni
ties of Alaska, Mr. Clement is an old
Callfornian, being at one time superin
tendent of the Bunker Hill, Sullivan and
other mining properties of this State. He
is an intimate friend of John Hays Ham
mond and other big American mining men
of Johannesburg who have made names
for themselves that are known all over
the world. Mrs. Clement accompanies her
husband.
SPARKS FROM
THE DIAMONDS
Joe Corbett May Play
Ball With Oakland
This Season.
George Borchers Is Anxious
to Get Back Into the
Game.
Iberg Reported to Hays Signed With
the San Jose Pacific St«t«»
League Team.
Haseball Is booming.
White's one-hand grandstand stop yesterday
was a feature.
Cranks are dividing their patronage between
the two leagues.
In Hanlon the Garden City aggregation has
a K"od all-round player.
All the country teams are showing up ex
ceedingly strons so far.
Sacramento has two of the strongest teams
ever organized In the Ptate.
Corbett Is a versatile fellow. He ls»as good
a ball-player as he Is pugilist or actor.
A. J. Lowry has beon appointed <>ne of the
official scorers of the California League.
The Fresno < . ..fornla League Club has se
cured Mertes and McLaughlin, also an Eastern
battery.
Pyne's Indifferent fielding cost him his job
with San Jose. He Is a great 6hlrker of warm
grounders.
Hllderbrandt seems to have lost his batting
eye. but still retains his penchant for gaining
his base on balls.
Sullivan of Sacramento is one of the clever
est catchers In the California Leacue. He is
a hard sticker, too.
Unhappy Mc.Guckln Is playing better ball this
year man he dH last. He Is splitting the
seams of the ball. too.
It is a pity that the Olympics cannot keep
Pompadour Jim on their team, as they are
much in need of a hard hitter.
Infant Hardie has his lamps trimmed In the
right focus. All he needs now is a pair of
roller-skates for use on the paths.
"Smiling" Mike Stetffanl still retains his
cleverness as a pitcher, but Captain McGucken
should try and retrain his wildness.
Henry Krug has Jumped from the California
to the Pacific States League. Yesterday he
pitched for Oakland against Santa Cruz.
Charlie Pelno has Joined the =»irkton Cali
fornia League team. A new outfielder named
Egan, fri>m the south, has also been secured.
Manager Young nf the Sacramento Giants
has signed Marshall of Spokane to play second.
He Is said to be a hard striker and fast fielder.
Who ever accused "Truck" Eagen of being
a pitcher? "Truck" should be given his old
position at second, a position he fills to a
nicety.
"Blookers" Hanley catches in oli-tlme style,
and us soon as the old man Eets In form that
left swing of his will send the sphere for a
distance.
Kube Levy was a little too lenient yesterday
in giving Corbett thf credit of two double
plays, as the runner looked safe to every one
until called out.
Eddie Smith's poor showing in yesterday's
tame is not a criterion of what the clever
player can do, and he is certain to redeem
himself ere the season advances.
Manager McGlynn Is giving his San Jose ag
gregation plenty of work, with most beneficial
results. He Iras a strong team that will be
heard from often during the season.
How the old-timers are looming up. Har
dln, O'Neill, Lan- Donovan, Nick Smith,
Phil Knell, McHale, Newbert and the others
are playing tne same of their lives.
There is a great curiosity to see the Stock
tons at Recreation Park. Several old-time fa
vorites are with the team and they will be
warmly received by the local shouters.
It is r.imored that Hughie Smith has been
appointed an umpire in the Pacific States
League. Hughie used to play with the old
Pioneers, but is row a special officer.
Pyne, who was released from the San Fran
cisco California League team, has signed with
the Oakland T '- "-• Ptntes team. He Is a
terrific batter, but an indifferent fielder.
The Jog In cenfr-field" fence at Recreation
Park has been set bork sixteen feet, and 1b
to be placed still further back. This will give
ample room for long drives Into that region.
Most of the Sa^.i-mpnto giants are left
handed batters, and while able to give right
handed pitchers that feeling of languor so
often spoken of, are at the mercy of port-side
twirlers.
If handsome Mr. Keegan played under his
risht name he would receive credit for any
good play, but as It is to say anything nice
about him seems like giving space on false
pretenses.
Nick Young lias ordered Umpire Jim McDon
ald not to referee any more boxing matches,
an unwarranted Interference on Young's part.
He has always been regarded as a false alarm
by Callforalans.
If the managers of the Pacific States League
would give "Br-ther" Joe Corbett a chance in
the box he would have an opportunity to re
deem himself, for if there is one thing Joe
can do it Is pitch.
Joo Corbett Bhould take a few lessons from
his brother Jim In batting and he -vill then
prove a valuable man. Joe did great work
with the Baltimore* last season. What's the
matter, Joe— stage fright? Smoke up!
The running of free cars from Eighth and
Mark-t streets to Recreation Park last Satur
day ami Sunday had a most beneficial effect on
the attendance at the sanies there. The rail
road Will continue to ran free cars every day
games are played until the road is changed to
an electric lir.>*.
The npw Fresro grounds were formally
opened yesterday, although the grand stand Is
nut quite completed. They are one of the
linest ball grounds In the State. The Fresno
Tigers will make their first appearance at
Recreation Park next Sunday, when they will
meet the San Franeiscos.
Some time «co it was announced that the
left fleUI at Central Park was to be moved
back, but nothing hats been done yet toword
this much-needed Improvement, and fielders
continue to bump up against the boards and
watch the ball sail over for two-base hits that
would be easy outa if there was room enough
to field the ball.
There will bo no California League game at
Recrr-ation Park next Saturday, as the grounds
will be given up to the universities for the first
of the series of games between Stanford and
Berkeley. Sunday the Fresno Tigers with thetr
Kastern battery will make their bow before
the San Francisco cranks, when they will go
against the San Franctscos.
Joe Corbett Is considering the advisability of
Jumping his contract with Baltimore and re
maining on the coast this season. Joe has
under advisement an offer or J2OOO to pitch for
the Oakland Pacific States League team for the
ppas.,n, and he may accept the offer. Rumor
has it that If Joe decides to go East he will
leave his heart behind him, and rather than
separate himself fn.m that vital organ he will
forfeit his contract.
Iherg is reported to have signed with the
Pan Jose Pacific States League Club. Iberg is
one of the best Itchera In the State, and his
acquisition will strengthen the team where It
Is most needed, U it has been lamentably
wealc In the delivery department. The young
ster has fnllen heir to a good thing, if reports
are true, for he is credited with having been
given the position of bookkeeper In the blit
brewery there at a salary of $ir.o a month, with
permission to absent himself whenever he
chooses to practice or play with the team.
George Borchera ha-s been heard from. The
old timer writes fr mi Sacramento to a friend
In tills city thru ho has been tnkinß excellent
enre of himself of lute, and that he can pitch
better ball than ever before. He would like
to be plven a trial by some or trie teams here.
Jim Corbet t must be makinp money by the
hat full, judslnjr from the manner in which
he rejects an opportunity to pick up a few hun
dred dollars In a couple of hours. Jim was
pnld a handsnrnp FU ni for his appearance at
Central Park Inst Sunday, and the Oakland
team offered him the same amount to play
with them next Sunday, hut Jim replied that
It would be his last Sunday at home for a lons
time and he preferred to remain with his
family.
Christian Association Meetings.
On last Tuesday a special meeting of
tlio State Central Committee of the Young
Men's Christian Associations of Califor
nia Vas held at the headquarters of the
committee in the association building on
Mason and Ellis streets at noon yester
day. The third annual summer school for
college students will be held at Pacific
Grove May 19 to 29. It was also sug
gested that young men's councils be held
in various cities of the State durinp the
present year. Stops were taken lookins
toward tho employment of one of the
international agents, New York City, to
give at least six months' time in the State
of California during 1898. Rudolf Ilorner,
who baa been the secretary of the Ger
man branch of the association in this
ffty. was elected a delegate to the
Worlds Conference to be held in Basel,
Switzerland, in May.
Left a Valuable Estate
The estate of the late Alexander P.
Bojd has been appraised at $75,152 1L
LEGISLATION
FOR HAWAII
Defeat of the Plan to
Increase the House
Members.
Representatives Will Also Vote
Down the Bill to Raise the
Salary of Ministers.
During the Floods at the Islands
There Have Been Four Deaths and
Many Acts of Heroism.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, X roh 30.— The bark S.
C. Allen, having sped down from the
coast in a few hours less than ten
days, arrived in port some six hours
ahead of the China with the news in
regard to the annexation contest, but
the bulk of the mail arrived by the
Moana this morning.
It appears stranTe to contemplate,
but as usual the "private advices" re-
ceived by the Government and also by
its opponents are equally hopeful and
flattering.
Practically the only Hem of general
interest from i le Legislature is the fact
that the House of Representatives has
defeated the amendment to the consti
tution to increase the number of rep
resentatives from fifteen to twenty
three. The vote was a tie of 7 to 7,
but the Speaker, John Lota Kaulukow,
after a long speech, cast his vote
against the bill. It may be interesting
to know that the Speaker was elected
by 175% votes at the last election, and
that he was selected as Speaker of the
House on account of his oratorical pow
ers, and as past legislative experience
has proved, a flow of words to which
the simile of a mountain torrent fed
by a cloud-burst would be tame. Mr.
Kaulukou has held high office, having
been Postmaster-General, Tax Asses
sor in Chief and Marshal. He is a law
yer by profession and a handsome,
portly man, bearing somewhat of a re
semblance to the late King Kalakaua.
A judgeship will probably be the ad
ministration's douceur to him for his
political services.
It is difficult to ascertain the true
motive of its action, but it is under
stood that the House intends to cruelly
slaughter the bill to increase the sal
aries of ministers to $6000 a year, on
the grounds that the ministers have not
themselves asked for an increase and
do not desire it, and the people know
ingly smile at their innocence and pa
triotism. The fact probably is that it
is not deemed desirable to make the
perquisites of a portfolio sufficiently
tempting to attract political competi
tors, the patronage in itself being suf
ficiently valuable from a politician's
standpoint.
In spite of the urging of the press, for
once combined on the issue, and popu
lar clamor, the proposed amendments
to, or repeal of, the penal contract la
bor laws appear to sullenly hang fire.
It is felt in higher circles that such leg
islation would be disastrously "inoppor
tune." Eventually the measure, toned
down, will probably pass the House and
be safely "dosed" in the Senate.
The policy of the Government now is
to go in heavily for public improve
ments, especially in the line of develop
ing our internal means of communica
tion. The roads contemplated will fur
nish employment to a vast number of
men now unemployed. It is felt that
some such policy must be seriously pur
sued to prevent labor troubles, more
especially as the improvements con
templated will add materially to the
resources and revenue of the country.
The proposed adoption of the income
tax law will have to be abandoned for
this session, for it is understood that
the executive and the Cabinet have
joined the opposition forces. The op
position is not based against the prin
ciples of the system, but against the
methods and the present "inopportune
ness" of disturbing the revenue sys
tem.
We are now in the sixty-sixth day of
rain and stormy weather, and floods
have been prevalent all over the is
lands, washing away a number of
bridges and causing disastrous dam
age. In Honolulu, on the 24th, a freshet
caused the Minanu stream to burst its
bounds and flood a considerable district.
One life was lost, that of a Japanese,
after a really heroic endeavor at res
cue at the imminent peril of his Ufa
by William Wells, a sailor on the R. P.
Rithet. Wells has been rewarded by
the Japanese Minister and residents
with a testimonial and a watch, and
the townspeople wili present him with
a gold medal and a purse.
Another gallant roscu^ from the swol
len stream was that of a pupil of St.
I.,ouis College, Buto, by his schoolmate,
Morris. Considering the juvenile ago
of the boys it was almost marvelous.
So far as reports have arrived from
the other islands about four lives, As
iatics,, were lost.
Japanese Yellow Journalism.
■Ruzzo Washlzo. editor of the Azohi
zushl, a weekly newspaper published in
this city, was Indicted by the United
States Grand Jury last Tuesday on a
charge of publishing obscene matter. The
complainant is another Jap, the editor
of the Chrysanthemum, a rival publi
cation. The alleged obscenity consists of
a play upon words In an article criticizing
the editor of the Chrysanthemum, the
words used having two meanings, one
Innocent and the other vulgar.
He Failed to Appear.
W. H. sellings, the San Pablo rancher,
charged with threatening to kill his wife
failed tro appear in Judge Campbell's court
yesterday, and a bench warrant was is
sued for his arrest. His bonds were fixed
at $1000. The case was continued till to
morrow.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaoaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaßßQ
i : SPEAKING J§|p| OF CURES! 1
» fiupture Cured in Two I^^^^^ He Feels Like a Boy of *
»■( Months. WWfW; Fifteen. »
a — — §
& Occidental. Calif.. WM. H. SAWYER of Berdell o
£ Feb. 28th, 1898. Station, Sonoma County, writes , "
5 PR. PIKRCEiSOX-Oentle- the Tro* "I cannot "fra.nTroxn savln. that I con- 5
6 men: I wish to Inform you that the Truss , B lder your 'Galvanic Chain" Belt' to be one Q
w which I purchased at your office the 6th jof the greatest inventions on earth, for It O
»f» f cf last December CURED me of Rupture i" " f '£;" ™ cve v s "" h : LI , FE AND VIGOR £
Oin TWO MONTHS. lame * Six* V mm i«f y^oP.^ and- ppry as a boy of ft
In , TWO. MONTHS. . I am c.T sixty jears fifteen years of age. Without your Belt I n
«. of age. , felt weal; and without energy; but with '
There Is no mistake about the fact that 1 your. Beit and Suspensory ■on I am one of W
«■■■•' your celebrated N Magnetic Elastic Truss the most active, viperous and happy men n
» will positively CURE RUPTURE, and II you will be able to meet anywhere. Your ~
w ' heartily recommend It to all ruptured per- 1 Be t . ' 3 a wonderful invention. O
"' eons. Yours sincerely.' ,C. S. COLLINS.-.-, : and if. others only knew as much about It ~/
O If ruptured, call or send 2c in stamps for ; 5?, *. ao \ no ma n or woman in the State of :.W
w our New nook on Rupture. Trusses fitted California would be without It for a single £
*•* at. office without extra charge. \ Address da >- ■■- -____ \ : *'. _ : i' » y>t
» i MAriucTtc cucTir temkejs For full Particulars of Dr. Plerce's Patent »
V . MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO., Electric Belt rail or send stamp for our n
O iXOd MARKET STREET. Opposite , : new Illustrated ••Pamphlet No.. 2." Ad- >"* !
w :\9JI»\J -:■ -> Palace Hotel, San Francisco, dress PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,' 620 Market £$
W Or 35 and 36 Sullivan Block, 712 First aye., I St., San Francisco, or ' 35 and 36 Sullivan
SEATTLE. ■ .: I Building.-; 712 First aye., r Seattle. . . «'
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' _______^
OO O ©010 1 0000000000 010 1 © O O O O O 000 O O O C
* __ _ 2
> . c
) c
> AT S
I 0
>i- Our New York buyers have, after much effort, 0
! secured several thousand yards of 0
* G
i Satin and Gros Grain Ribbons. °
).' Bought at a price which enables us to sell them at about one-
>i' third less than regular value, no wonder our buyers became enthu- 5!
> siastic over their purchase. We opened these new Ribbons q
| yesterday — 35 shades of them — all pure silk — quality — 0
)U width — full weight. O
> 1 You will be just as enthusiastic as we
' are after you see them early to-da 5!
> = ■;* O
' Doors IflBD ff" JL R a L.I. B* JL Game Early "
>IL Dale's Easter Ribbon Event, m h ;? 9 prioes 1
; £a- v . Halo S Ldblcl niuuull 'CVcllli7%.%r a
} No. 2—2 — -J--inch wide 2£c yard 250 a piece o
} No. 3—3 — |-inch wide 4c yard 40c a piece ®
> No. s—l5 — 1 inch wide 6c yard 600 a piece o
[ No. 7 — li-inch wide 7c yard 70c a piece £
> No. 9—lt-inch9 — It-inch wide 9c yard 85c a piece o
[ No. 12 — 2 inch wide lie yard $1.10 a piece °
> No. 16 — 2£-inch wide 14c yard $1.35 a piece o
| No. — 2&-inch wide 18c yard $1.80 a piece *j
> No. 40 — 3|-inch wide 22c yard $2.20 a piece o
» 937-939-941-943-945-947 MARKET STREET, o
> o 000 o oooooooo^ f "'"' > OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
THE SAME BOARD
WAS APPOINTED
Southern Pacific Stockholders
Make No Change in
Their Directors.
The Bnlanoe of Power Still Swings
Toward C. P. Huntington, Who
Will B« Re-elected.
The regular annual meeting: ofthestock
holders of the Southern Pacific Company,
which was held yesterday, resulted in
the following board of directors being
elected: George Crocker, C. E. Green,
Thomas H. Hubbard, C. P. Huntington,
H. E. Huntington, J. Kruttschnitt,
Charles G. Lathrop, N. T. Smith, T. E.
Stillman, J. C. Stubbs and Russell J.
Wilson.
The new board Is the same as the old j
one, with the exception of C. E. Green, I
who is simply there to represent Will ;
Crocker, now absent in Europe, and who
will resign to allow his place to be filled
by Mr. Crocker upon that gentleman's
return from his trip.
The board, it will be seen, still gives the
controlling interest to the Huntingtun
faction, which is represented by five of
the directors, not including Hubbard and
Stillman, who represent the Searle stock,
and who may be considered as Hunting
ton men. George Crocker and Green rep
resent the Crocker interests, while the
only votes that the Stanford people can
control in the present board are those of
Charles G. Lathrop and R. J. Wilson.
It could not be ascertained the amount
of stock that was voted, but a fair esti
mate would place it between 1,300 ,uu0 ana
1 ,r>'.»o,ooo shares.
To-day the directors will meet and elect
the officers for the ensuing year. While
nothing definite can be stated as to what
man has been marked out for any partic
ular position, it is a foregone conclusion,
with the composition of the board as
it is, that C. P. Huntington will have
himself re-elected president, and the men
who will fill the less important positions
will be those whom he wishes there.
As there has been no rumor of any par
ticular dissatisfaction, on the part of
Huntington. with the men who have
filled the different offices for the past year,
it is more than probable that the same
gentlemen will be re-elected to fill tho
same positions for the ensuing twelve
months.
Government Dove Cotes.
A. Carlisle, one of the most enthusiastic
fanciers of homing pigeons in the State,
has prepared a lon • petition to be pre
sented to the large commercial bodies of
this city for their indorsement. When
signed it will be forwarded to Secretary
of the Navy John Long, and will recite
that the memorialists are engaged in busi
ness concerning the sea, and asking that
the cote of homing pigeons now main
tained by the Government at Mare Island
be removed to Goat Island, in the bay of
San Francisco, and albO that a cote be
established on the South Farallon Island.
The reasons for this request are that
Goat Island is situated midway between
Oakland and San Francisco and can be
reached in half an hour, while it will take
at least two hours to reach the Mare
Island cote in case the birds shouid be
wanted, i hese birds could be used for
the benefit of the vast snipping that goes
and comes to this harbor. A cote on the
Farallon island would be of untold bene
fit in matters relating to weather and
shipping, particularly In the case of dis
tress at sea, for tne chances of observa
tion from the rocky isle are far greater
man from any point along the shore.
3-Day Specials 1
We give you the best and charge
you less for it than any. other
store in San Francisco. ; -"
CLARET...... gal. Sdc, 3 gals. $I.CO
Regular price, r.Oc,
and cheap at that.
BROMANGELON..... pkg. 10c
Makes a delicious
desert jelly— absolutely pure; 5 flavors.
. regular price, 15c.
COFFEE, IXL Blend lb. 20c
Roasted or ground,
regular price, 30c
0. K. WHISKY, . bot. 75c, 3 bots. $2.00
GALLON $3.00
Well known brand
of finest quality,
regular price, $1 an* $4.
LUCCA OLIVE OIL qt. bot. 50c
Imported from Italy,
regular price, 60c.
Send or write for New Catalogue,
21 STOCKTON ST.; 1 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. Telephone West 152.
£ These rockers are ■ jj||
3*) solid oak or mahogany ya
jm| finish, high back and AS
JjL arms and cobbler seat. *&&
M^ A special next week yk
J^l at $1.75 Cp
1017-102$ /MISSION Stßl
)/ ABOVE SIXTH (Jll\
9/1 PHONE OPEN (i*H \)
OOOOOOOOGOOOOOOOOO
g : w PALACE *■••■*%
° GRAND HOTE S ?
jl SAN FRANCISCO. "
Connected by a covered passageway. "
O 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. &
' O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PRIC2S : q
O European Plan.Sl. OO per day and upward -v
American Plan. !S3.UO per day and upward O
j Q Correspondence Solicited. Q
I Q - JOHN C. KIItZPATRICK, Manager. q
000000000000000000
DR.MGNULTY.
n^niM '.veu, -kx6wm akd rkluble or.t»
X Bpt^in it -"/"' l'r;vate,Nervous,!U'.KK!undSklr>
DiaeMsefl of Ken rmljt, Manfv Power iesU>re<l. Ov.-r
MyearsVxperteiico. Send for Book, free. J"»tlenw
cured nt Home. Terms reasonable. 3 Jours, 9 to 3
<lall.v;«:so tnS.^ocv*s!s. Sjr.days, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion iree and sacredlycotjfldential, . Cuil orudaress
P. R«>S<;OK KontLTT. SI. !>.,
; 28^ Kcainj Xtrecl. Kan i'ranciwu. **»!.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cared by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
j ParU, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUGERA & CO.
I . SOLD BY PRUGGIST3 ___^- ■DESPERATE
FIGHT WITH
A THIEF
Mrs. Lena Marcus Ar
rests a Man Who
Robbed Her.
Detecting Him in the Act
She Promptly Seizes
Him.
After an Exciting Encounter
She Turns Him Over to
the Police.
HIS PAL ALSO CAPTURED.
Eoth Men Taken to th« City Prison
and Charged With Petty
Larceny.
Mrs. Lena Marcus, who conducts a
second-hand store at 1028 Howard
street, had an exciting encounter with
a thief last night-
Shortly after 7 o'clock a well-dressed
young man entered her place of busi
ness and pretended to be anxious to
purchase a suit of clothes. While she
was engaged in looking over the stock
of clothes, intending to pick out a suit
which would meet with his approbation,
the stranger stole a hat which he con
cealed under his coat. Mrs. Marucs de
tected h'm in the act and ordered him
to replace it.
With an oath the stranger started
after her, evidently intending to "do
her up," as she expressed it. Realizing
that the man meant business the brave
w.'inan determined to make a tight in
the hope erf recovering the stolen prop
erty.
As the thief aimed a vicious blow at
her she cleverly evaded it and, seizing
him by the arm, lustily shouted for the
police. His confederate, who was stand
ing in the doorway, shouted to him to
"break away " just as Police Officer
Bmith appeared on the scene. Smith
grabbed the "look-out," and after a
Short struggle succeeded in haxidc. fling
him.
In the meantime Mrs. Marcus had se
cured a sort of half Nelson hold on
the nrst visitor, and as the officer en
she turned him over to him. The
Stolen hat was discovered under the
a coat and they were both taken
to the City Prison and charged with
petty larceny.
The individual who purloined the
headgear gave his name as Michael
Norton, and his occupation as that of
a blacksmith. His accomplice gave
his name as T. W. Smith.
In telling her story last night Mrs.
Marcus said that Norton entered her
Btore and said he was anxious to pur-
Chase a pair of pants.
"Thinking be was in earnest," she re
marked, "1 started to pick out a suit
able garment and when my back was
turned he stole the hat, which was on
the counter. lat once seized him and
ordered him to put the hat back. For
a reply he attempted to strike me and
I then caught hold of him. He vainly
endeavored to get away, but I was de
termined to hold him until a police of
ficer arrived. Just as my strength was
failing me Policeman Smith appeared
in response to my cries and he placed
him and his pal under arrest."
Mrs. Marcus Is a rather frail woman
and her pluck in enpturing the thief
was the topic of conversation at police
headquarters last night.
KNOCKED OUT
IN TWO ROUNDS
Billy Dierks, a Featherweight,
Easily Defeated by Jack
Terit.
A Good Entertilnment Furnished by
tho San Fr«ncleoo Athletio
Club.
George Bates and Ous Korater fought
six rounds last night to decide the light
weight championship of the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club. The decision was
given to Korster by Jack Stelzner. who
acted as referee. Had Stelzner called it
a draw the decision would have proved
more acceptable to the spectators. Kors
ter forced the fighting from start to lln
lsh, and for that reason he was given
the decision. Both men were badly wind
ed at the end of the contest, for It was
a give-and-take match throughout. Bates
)s quick and shifty, but last night had an
overstock of confidence on hand. In the
first round he acted as If he believed he
could "drop" Korster Just when he
pleased. A few stiff Jolts on the jaw
Foon convinced him that he did not have
a picnic on hand. He Kept off after that,
allowing Korster to do the leading, ex
pecting to get In a right-hand swing. The
expected opening did not come, however.
When the gong sounded the end of the
Bixih round both men were distressed.
It was a clever and game fight, however,
and had it been to a finish It would be
difficult to say who would have corao
out victor.
Jack Granfield was given a decision
over Charles Dixon in a six-round bout
preliminary to the "main event." Dixon
had the advantage of reach and height,
but did not show to advantage. He start
ed In to cut the pace In the first round,
but a couple of punches caused h'm to
change his programme. GranlieM had him
going several times, but lacked the steam
to land the finishing blow.
BUI} Dierks and Jack Terit were booked
for a four-round bout to settle the feath
er-weight championship of the club. Terit
Fettled the question In the second round
by a right-hand swing, sending Dierks
through the ropes and out. Dicrks should
not be given another match until he has
been taught a few lessons In decency. All
during the contest he indulged In profan
ity, and kepi applying vile epithets to
Terit. When his mouth v.as closed by the
Knockout blow every one felt that he had
July received what he properly deserved.
The other number on the programme
jvas a friendly .three-round bout between
Gene Mulligan and Tom Devine.
Demurred to the Indictments.
J. n. OI?en, a stenographer, indicted by
the r.rnnfi Jury or. a charge of having
sworn falsely to demands on the city
treasury, for the transcript ion of testi
mony, tnken before Police Judge Low, ap
o* ared yesterday for arraignment before
Fudge < 'ook. Olsen. through his attorney
flk-d demurrers to the indictments, and
after a thorough argument of the law
bearing on similar cases. Judge Cook took
tb* matter under advisemout
VETERANS
MAY LEAD
THE ARMY
Some on the Retired
List May Be Called
for Duty.
By Virtue of Their Rank
They Would Act in
Command.
Leaders of Great Renown Who
Are Ready to Serve the
Country Again.
MOVEMENT OF TROOPS.
No Orders for the First Infantry and
Fourth Cavalry to Leave
for the Front.
The assignment of General Sehofield to
the duty of commanding the armies of
the United States in the event of war
With Spain would not cause surprise in
military circles. General Schofield is on
the retired list, but holds the rank of
lieutenant general. Should he be called
into active service by the President his
rank would be preserved. Army officers
on the retired list are not out of the ser
vice by any moans, but are expected to
perform any military duty to which they
may be assigned. Schofield is a leader of
courage, discretion and enterprise. His
\v;ii- record gives ample proof of his hero-
Ism and coolness under fire. He fought in
the civil war from the start to the tinish,
and pained his advancement by the excel
lence of his service. At the battle of
Wilson's Cret?k, where General Nathaniel
i.y<.:i fell at the head of the column,
Schofield gained renown for the masterly
manner in which he handled a battery of
regular artillery. During the famous At
lanta campaign Schofield commanded the
Army of the Ohio, and actively partici-
pated in many engagements. He planned
and fought the battle of Franklin, suc
cessfully resisting the most desperate
charge made during the war by the Con
federates. In point of numbers slain the
charge of Pickett's division at Gettys
burg was a small affair compared with
Hood's assault at Franklin.
Although on the retired list. General
Schofield is an active and vigorous man.
With Sehofield in command of all the land
forces and the director of the campaign,
Miles would have free rein for his ac
tivity as a tield marshal. General Gran
ville M. Dodge, an able engineer officer,
who commanued a department under
Grant and fcherman during the war, and
gained great distinction as the command
er of the Sixteenth Army Corps, in cne
battle of Atlanta, is very close to General
Schofield. Grant':; book and Sherman's
memoirs bear testimony to the value of
General Douge's services during the civil
war. '
Generals Howard, Stanley. McCook, the
Forsythes, Huttertield, McMahon, Lew
Wallace, King and many other uflicers of
distinction stand read}' to respond to the
call oi' duty.
No doubt an important command will be
tendered to General Fitzhugh Lee. He is
a letider of men and a soldier of superior
attainments. A campaign in Cuba would
probably present opportunities for cav
alry leaders to gain special prestige. Gen
eral Merritt is a rider of renown, and has
probably lust none of his dash since the
war. Troopers now in the service be
lieve that Colonel David S. Gordon,
U. S. A. (retired), would come to the front
at once. Gordon is a rider and a raiuer
among ten thousand.
It is common talk at the Presidio that
the regular troops stationed at that gar
rison will not be disturbed; -yet if the
policy of sending regulars to Cuba and
calling out the National Guard to garri
son home posts be adopted, the First In
fantry and the four companies of the
Fourth Cavalry at the Presidio might be
hustled off to the front on short notice.
It is regarded as pretty well settled that
the Government cannot safely detach any
of the artillery from this station. In fact,
more artillerymen are needed to man the
guns already in position.
Lieutenant-Colonel Louis T. Morris,
commanding the squadron of cavalry at
the Presidio, has a record for gallant and
effective service as a leader of mounted
men. Should the Fourth Cavalry be or
dered to the front the command might de
volve upon Colonel Morris. Colonel S. B.
M. Young, formerly of the Fourth Cav
alry, is a rider of recognized ability and
vigor. The only time the Presidio reser
vation ever seemed small was when Gen
eral Graham and Coionel Young we're
stationed there. General Graham now
commands the largest and most important
of the military departments, ihe enlisted
men say there is no better soldier alive
than "Billy" Graham.
Following is the text of an order issued
from department neadrjuarters yesterday:
lieutenant-Colonel Wallace F. Randolph.
Tlilnl Artillery, havlnK reported at these head
quarters for assiunmont to a station under the
provisions of paragraph S, special orders No.
£9, current series, Adjutant-General's office, 1h
hereby assigned to station at the Presidio of
San Francisco, Cal. Hy command of
BRIGAI'IER-UKNERAL, KHAFTER.
| J. B. BABCOCK, Assistant Adjutant-General.
Orders from Washington announce the
; abandonment of two military posts and
! the following transfer of infantry regi
ments:
The headquarters and six companies of
the Eleventh Infantry from the Depart
! ment of the Colorado to the Department
'. of the Missouri, to be stationed at Jeffer
.son Harraeks, Mo. ; the headquarters of
the Fifteenth Infantry from Fort Bay
ard, N. M., to Fort Huachuea. Ariz.; one
: company of the Fifteenth Infantry, to be
mated by tho department com
| mander, from Fort Bayard, N. M., to
Fort Apache, Ariz.; the Twenty-fifth In
, fantry from the Department of Dakota
to the Department of the Gulf. The
' commanding officer. Twenty-flfth Infan
try, will report by telegraph to the com
manding general, Department of the Gulf,
for Instructions for assignment to sta
tion in that department.
By direction of th>- Secretary of War
the posts of Whipple Barracks, "Ariz., and
Fort Mlßflpula, Mom., will be discontin
ued and the portable property there dis
tributed under tho direction of the de
partment commander to other posts in
the Department of the Colorado and the
! Department of Dakota, respectively Un-
I serviceable public property will be in
spected with a view to its condemnation
and sale, by special insp-ctors appointed
by the department commander
The following special order has been
issued from headquarters, Department of
California:
First Lieutenant Francis 12. T^acey Jr First
; Infantry, having reported from detached service
! at the Presidio of San Francisco, the station
I of his present company, hit; station is chanted
| from Benicia Harracks to the Presidio of San
I Francisco.
Paragraph 1. special orders. No. 25 current
; series, from those headquarters Is amended so
I as to direct Major John S. Wltcher paymaster
! to pay the troops stationed at Benicia Harracks
i and Benlcta Arsenal, CaL. in addition to the
payments assigned to him in that paragraph
One of the ten-inch disappearing rifles
was used yesterday in testing powder
The tests were conducted by Lieutenant
Edwin IS. Babbitt of the Ordnance Corps
The two shots were lired to ascertain if
the powder was quick. No projectiles
were used in tho experiments.
Damages for a Husband's Death.
Mrs. Mary Jane Woodbead rnnimenred
suit yesterday against the Pacific Roll
ing Mills Company to recover J20.000 dam
ages for the death of her husband, John
"Woodhead, who was killed Christmas eve
last while at work on the "Hall of Jus
tice" building. The claim Is made that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 1898.
A LIFE'S ROMANCE.
A Beautiful Singer and His Intended Bride.
Ricardo Juan Jose and Miss Esther Therese Schrieve.
The engagement of Ricardo Juan Jose,
the famous counter tenor, who a few
weeks ago electrified the public of this
city with his phenomenal voice, to Miss
Esther Therese Schrieve. the beautiful
niece of Mrs. Theresa F. Parrott. has
been announced, and comes as a genuine
surprise to the friends oosf s the young
couple.
Although it had been the intention of
keeping the engagement a secret until
Mr. Jose fulfilled his contracts in the
East, the attempt, owing to the popular
ity of Miss Schreive, and the fame of her
intended husband, proved fruitless and
the news was finally divulged.
The announcement is the outcome of a
long existing mutual attachment between
the young people, dating as far back as
early childhood and forming a love ro
mance of many years. It was in Vir
ginia City, Nov., that Cupid first began
his pranks, and the dual target at which
he aimed his fatal darts proved of a re
ceptive and easily impressionable nature.
Since 1595 they have had an understand
ing as to the probable outcome of their
affections, but it was not until a month
ago that they began their formal engage
ment. At this time Jose, who came to
the coast simply to visit his sweetheart,
and arrange for the celebration of their
a staging provided by the defendant cor
poration was insecure, and that in conse
quence Woodhead. who was In the employ
of the company, fell a distance of thirty
five feet and was killed.
STRIKE CONDITION UNCHANGED
Printers and Employers Alike Claim
to Be Gaining Ground.
There were practically no new develop- j
ments in the printers' strike yesterday, !
and the fight seems to be about neck and |
neck. Both sides can tell how the others
are losing ground, and each offers to
back up its assertions with equally good
proof. The printers say that the men se
cured by the Typothetae are for the most
part incompetents and that many were
discharged after a day's trial; while the
Typothetae claims that its members can
secure all the help needed, and offer as a
proof that they are filling all orders on
time and the work is up to the usual
standard.
The union claims that the members of
the Typothetae have bonded themselves
to hold together, and that these bonds
have about expired; while the Typothetae
admits the existence of the bonds, but
claims that they are issued for an in
definite time.
This is the way it was going all day.
Whatever statement one side would make
the other was just as ready to deny, and |
there has been litfle or no advantage i
gained on either side. All look to next j
week as the time for the. final settlement I
of the difficulties in the most important
places. The strikers are maintaining the
usual quiet demeanor which has marked
the strike from the start, and what little
disturbances have taken place have been
caused by feeder-boys or totally irrespon
sible parties.
Printing Pressmen lUeet.
A meeting of the Printing Pressmen
was held last evening, the chief feature
of which was the annual election of olfi
cers and the voting of a 10 per cent
assessment on working members to aid
the strikers. Out of courtesy only the
working members were allowed to vote
on the proposition, but It was carried
unanimously. It was reported that one
of the new pressmen at Crocker's estab
lishment had succeeded in running his
hand through one of the largest presses.
Both the man and press are now badly
disabled. The officers elected were as fol
lows: S. P. Kane, president; D. Doggett,
vice-president; E. Breiling, treasurer; W.
S. Everleth, recording secretary; F. E.
Caler, financial secretary. S. E. Kane
was elected delegate to the International
Convention.
CAPTAIN MOORE'S SWORD.
It Is Presented by Its Owner to Com
panies C and G of the N. Q. C.
Last Monday night at the meeting of
Companies C and G (the Nationals), N.
G. C, Colonel J. B. Moore, retired, who
was first lieutenant of Company C in ISOS,
when it was organized, and was captain
from 1557 to ISCI. when he severed his
connection with the company to serve in
the war of the rebellion, presented the
Nationals the sword he carried during
the war.
The sword was received by Captain
Sutliffe of Company G, who in so doing
mn.de a patriotic speech that created
much enthusiasm.
Colonel Moore served in the Mexican
war from the beginning to the close" as
a private and in 1861 organized a com
pany of volunteers that was mustered
in the Third regiment of California vol
unteers. Colonel Moore, who was then
a member of the police force, was com
missioned as captain of company B, and
the sword he placed in the keeping of the
Nationals was presented to him in Octo
ber, IS6I, by the San Francisco Police
Department.
Handsome Poster Exhibit.
A handsome exhibit of posters by local
artists Is now being: conducted at the
rooms of the San Francisco Sketch Club.
723 Sutter street, by the board of lady
manners of the California Women's Hos
pital. The posters will bo i:=od to an
nounce the forthcoming of the exhibi
tion of portraits, rare china and old sil
ver which will be held in the Hopkins
Art Institute on the Ifith. The ladies in
charge of the exhibition are Mrs. Butler
Mrs. Chesebrough and Mrs. Edwin Di
mond. _
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noouan, 1017-10:3 Mission.
marriage the last part of this or the
commencement of next year, was induced
by the managers of a local theater to
give a number of recitals in the city.
Although known all over the world for
his gifted voice, he came to this city
practically unknown, but like all other
large cities where he had visited, he left
it with additional jewels in his cap of
fame.
The young singer comes from an old
English family and was born in Cornwall,
England, twenty-eight years ago. He is
the son of Richard Jose, who before his
death was the greatest tenor in Europe.
At the age of 12 years he left his native
land and, without money or friends,
worked his way to America to seek his
fortune in the new world.
Upon arriving in this country he settled
in Philadelphia for a short time, but be
coming discontented with his lot he made
his way to this coast and settled in Ne
vada, making his permanent residence
there for many years.
It was while working in a blaeksmlth
ing shop in Virginia City that his mar
velous voice was iirst discovered, and a
short while afterward he first touched
the ladder of fame by giving an exhibi
tion of his vocal ability in one of the
theaters in the "Mining City." His suc
HE CAME FROM
CORRAL HOLLOW
Antone Hartman, a Coal
Miner, Knocked Down
and Robbed.
He Made Friends With Two
Strangers He Met in a
Water- Front Saloon.
George Marsh and Maurice Hicks
Supposed Eastern Crocks, Will Be
Charged With the Rubbery.
George Marsh nnd Maurice Hicks are
In "the tanks" at the City Prison and to
day v/ill have a charge of robbery booked
against them.
Tuesday An tone Hartman, a miner at
the coal mines at Corral Hollow, Alameda
County, arrived in the city and about 5
o'clock in the afternoon he was in the
White Cruiser saloon on East street. He
had been drinking a little and was in the
condition to make himself generally
agreeable. He did not like to drink by
himself and asked two men who were
standing at the bar to join him. They
had a few drinks together and Hartman
then said he womd nave to go home.
The two men, who were Marsh and
Hicks, objected to parting with such a
good friend, and suggested that they
should walk a bit of the way with him.
The three left the saloon together and
when they reached Drumm street, be
tween Merchant and Washington, Marsh
asked Hartman to tell him the time.
Hartman pulled out his watch and Marsh
took hold of the chain. Hartman told
him to let go and Marsh, jerking, the
watch out of his pocket, struck him a
blow on the jaw with his fist that
knocked him down. The two robbed him
of his watch, and were going through his
pockets when they got scared from his
cries for help and ran away.
Hartman. as soon as he regained his
feet, chased Marsh, who run in the direc
tion of the water front, but lost sight of
him after running two or three blocks.
Hartman met Policeman Dower and told
him the story of the robbery. Together
they went to the Clay-street wharf, where
the Stockton boat, Captain Weber, was
making preparations to sail, and Hartman
pointed out Marsh and Hicks as the men
who had robbed him.
Dower placed the two men under arrest
and took them to the City Prison, wnere
they were loc..ed up in the "tanks." Yes
terday morning Ilartman, who had been
detained as a witness, positively identitied
Marsh as the man who had taken his
watch and hit him on the jaw, knocking
him down. He was not so sure about
Hirky, and Dower got Kelly, 'the pro
prietor of the Sciloon, to go to the prison
to see if he could identity them, x^eny
looked at the two men. but would not
BWear positively that either of n.em was
in his saloon, as it was generally crowded
about 5 o'clock in the afternoon.
Hartman was prepared to swear to a
complaint yesterday afternoon charging
the two men with robbery, but as no war
rant clerk was at hand he was detained
in the prison until this morning, when he
will swear to the complaints. A sailor on
the Captain Weber was drinking in the
saloon with Hartman and the two prison
ers at the time they left, and when the
stramer arrives this morning: he will be
taken to the prison --> identify them.
Marsh and K. us are strangers here,
having recently come from the East, and
Chief I>es vill make inquiries as to their
past recordt.
The Jury Box Forgerieß.
Theodore Kytka, the writing expert,
who was instructed by Judge Hunt to
compare the handwriting of the deputies
cess was Instantaneous, and from that
time dates his career as on© of the great
est singers in the world.
The compass of his voice Is from D,
above middle C, to E above high C. The
highest note he ever reached was high
C sharp.
Jose Is now on his way east, where he
will remain until September. Before he
returns to this city to claim his bride he
will make a tour of the principal cities
of Europe, where he has contracts for
extensive, engagements. He will prob
ably return the commencement of next
year.
He has signified his intention of retir
ing from the stage soon after his mar
riage and will take up his permanent res
idence either in Chicago or New York,
where he will entirely devote his time
to his business Interests. If he ever ap
pears before the public again it will be
either before a New York or Chicago
audience.
Miss Esther Schrieve is the daughter
of Mrs. General Oliver Roberts, niece to
Mrs. Theresa Parrott, and granddaugh
ter to George Tufley, the late Treasurer
of Nevada. She is 24 years of age and
markedly handsome, being tall of stature
and a decided blonde. After the marriage
the honeymoon will be spent in traveling
through Europe.
in the County Clerk's office with the writ
ing on the three bogus slips found In
his jury box, made a report last even
ing to Judge Hunt. The nature of the
report is uot known. Judge Hunt said
that the result of Kytka's investigation
would probably be made public to-day in
open court.
■ ♦ ■
CALLS FOB AN UNDERTAKER.
Second Street Residents Protest
Against the Delayed Obsequies
of a Well-Done Canine.
An indignant citizen writes to the Board
of Health that the unloved remains of a {
large dog that had escaped shanghaing i
to the Klondike only to fall a victim to
the more rapid fate of a metropolitan
career had been denied proper interment !
for a week or more, and is still lying i
in an overripe condition about four feet !
from the sidewalk en Second street, near i
Harrison. The canine is protesting ]
against the neglect of the city scavenger
to the full extent of his powers, consider
ing his defunct state, and residents of the
neighborhood, who hourly scent this pro
test, are unanimous in their consent to ;
have the obseauies take place without
delay; in fact the letter is addressed to
the board in the hope that they may be j
hurried along some. The departed's un- j
Intentional offense is aggravated by the !
neglect on the part of the authorities to |
have the remains properly embalmed. ;
The letter is accompanied by a photo
graph of the unclaimed sausage stulling
I as proof that the petition is no josh. The.
: health officers sympathize with the ;
■ mourners, but as the Supervisors are the ;
| proper authorities to direct the last rites, j
j they are powerless to act in the matter. I
Labor Exchange Sued.
Charles E. Trower, as assignee of the
estate of D. M. Boolman, an Insolvent
debtor, has begun suit In the Justice's
Court to recover $149 from the" Labor Ex
change, doing business at 324 Drumm
street, this city. Trower alleges In his
complaint that Boolman, who was a
grocer in Alameda, filed a petition in in
solvency on March 17, last. He was ad
judged insolvent on March 2S. and two
days later plaintiff was appointed as
signee. March 16, the day before the
petition was filed, the defendant, with full
knowledge of the impending failure, re
moved from Boolman's store fixtures and
merchandise of the value sued for.
To Take Him Back.
Sheriff A. A. Holland of Carson County,
Texas, arrived in the city yesterday to
take back Rev. George E. Morrison, who
is wanted there on a charge of murdering
his wife on October 10 last in Panhandle,
Tex. The requisition papers have not vet
arrived from the Governor of Texas, but
are expected to-morrow. I'he Shcriu Bays
that Morrison's w.fe died from stryennine
poisoning.
Pleasure for the Aged.
It was the intention of those in charge
of tho Almshouse to have given an en
tertainment to the inmates of that insti
tution this evening, but circumstances
arose which prevented the carrying out
of the programme. However, the old
people will not be wholly disappointed,
for the entertainment will be held next
Thursday evening.
Dr. Orpen's Case.
The matter of the proposed extradition
to New Zealand of Dr. Arthur Herbert
Orpen was heard yesterday by United
States Circuit Judge Morrow; The court
took the case under advisement. Dr.
Orpen is wanted in Auckland on a charge
of murder. He is accused of having
caused the death of a young woman by
a criminal operation.
Brandt LGSt His Suit.
A verdict in favor of the defendant was
returned yesterday morning in the United
States Circuit Court in the case of Ernest
Brandt against tin- Southern Pacific Cem
pany to recover $50,000 damages for per
sonal Injuries.
Great Benevolences.
In the large cities of the United States the
condition of the metropolitan poor Is constantly
being ameliorated by the grand benevolences of
wealthy people. Sanitary reforms are fre
quently suggested and carried out with earnest
ness and intelligence. Among sanitary reforms
those produced by Hostetter's Stomach Bitters
in dyspeptic stomach, disordered liver, bowels
or nervous Bjstera are verx oonsDlcuou*.
ALL ARE OF
LATIN BLOOD
If War Comes the Sympa
thy of Central America
Goes to Spain.
An Official From Nicaragua
Talks on the Canal and
Other Matters.
Merry Not Persona Non Orata, but
His Official Residence Remains
In Costa Rica.
At the Palace Hotel Is staying a promi
nent resident of Nicaragua, who occu
pies, under his own Government, a posi
tion corresponding to an American col
lector of customs, only, instead of hav
ing authority over one port, his jurisdic
tion extends throughout the whole State.
When seen In his apartments last night
this gentleman said: "This talk of a war
between Nicaragua and Costa Rica is all
bosh. True, there are some disappointed
and disaffected people who, for political
and other reasons, have been obliged to
flee the country, and who hang around
the Costa Rican border and try to stir
up revolutions. But they are compara
tively few in number and could, even if
in the territory of the State they are try-
Ing to embroil, do no harm. The people
of Nicaragua are too well satisfied with
the President and his administration to
attempt to overthrow it, and while there
may be a little jealousy over the canal
question between the two countries, it
does not nor will it ever ajnount to any
thing more than a strong business rivalr>
or mercantile war. President Zelaya is
the most popular man who has been at
the head of the Government for a long
time and is liked and respected by not
only the wealthy and influential people
of the country, but by the masses as
well. He is a man of broad mind am
liberal views and has an education tha
fits him to meet and impress the most
highly polished and best-educated of the
foreign representatives that are sent to
his capital.
•'Of course, the one topic o-. continual
interest in my part of the world is the
probable completion of the great canal.
When the commission under Admiral
Walker arrived on the Charleston the
entire country turned out to do it honor,
and there was no reasonable concession
it could not have nad for the asking. We
Central Americans realize that our future
and mat of the United States are so in
terwoven that it behooves us to give as
much as we can to the Americans in or
der that we ourselves may profit thereby.
Consequently, while the American com
mission got everything they wanted and
the utmost deference was paid to it, the
representatives of English capital re
ceived but little encouragement. The
Walker commission went into the matter
to its smallest detail, and when it had
finished its Investigations it came to the
conclusion that instead of $180,000,000
being needed, the canal could be easily
finished in four years and at a cost that
would not exceed $50.000.000 at the outside
"How does Captain Merry get along 0
First rate, i'ou see, at the time of his
appointment there was some difficult>
that but very few people up here under
stood. The Greater Republic of Centra
America consists of a union of the three
States of Nicaragua. Salvador and Hon
duras. They have agreed to leave all in
ternational questions to a diet forme<
from delegates accredited from each of
the three States. Captain Merry was ap
pointed Consul at this port from Nica
ragua, and when it was decided to official
ly decapitate him it was done by the
diet and not by any one particular State.
Consequently, while he was a persona non ,
grata to the diet as a whole, he was a
persona grata to the State of Nicaragua j
individually. The official residence of the |
American Minister has always been in i
Nicaragua, but Captain Merry, since his
appointment, has resided in Costa Rica,
where he will continue until the little
'unpleasantness attending his appointment
has been definitely settled.
"As to the sentiment of the Central
American people in the matter of a prob
able war with Spain. Well, our interest
certainly lies with the cause of the United
States. In a war between Spain and
Cuba we are certainly for the Cubans.
But war between Spain and the United
States Is a different matter. Blood Is
thicker than water. Spaniards and Cen
tral Americans are all Latin and of one
ADVERTISEMENTS.
XB3BBBB 8 8 8 8 8 8 8. 8 8883888388 3 3 3 3 3 3 8 8 3*B 8
k :■ ' ,
* Don't let your past errors wreck the happiness of your life. You can
■*•• be cured.* Over 10,000 such men as you have" been cured during the past
* year by
i Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
t This wonderful Belt pours energy Into the weakened parts during the
night while the patient sleeps, developing the nerves and muscles and
restoring the old vigor, the snap and power of man..
•* This is the only sure, permanent way to regain vigor. It has taken
5 the place of drugs, which never cure. Electricity is life, and restores
2 life to men who have lost it.
I Read What Dr. Sanden's Belt Did For This Man.
% LATROBE. CaJ.. April F,th. 1828.
"* DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: As you requested, I send you a report statins
3 what benefit I have received from the use of your Belt. I have worn the Belt as you
-< directed and followed your advice and lam pleased to say that the Belt has done for
•* me\ all that you claimed It would and more. I had been troubled, as you know, with
a my stomach. I could hardly eat anything without it souring on my stomach, or
T; causing a distressed feeling afterwards. Everything I eat seemed to turn my stom-
5 aeh The Belt has stopped that and I can say that I am completely cured of the
it trouble. It has been of great benefit to mo in different ways and I feel very grateful
v for what It has done. In curing me your Belt has cured one of the worst rases of
0 stomach troubles and I- would recommend It to all sufferers who are troubled like
ft. I have been. You can use my name In connection with your testimonials if you
■* wish and I will recommend the Belt to all my friends and to any one whom I think
rt is In need of one. as lam sure It will do ail you claim for it, writes W. V. Hummel,
rj Latrobe. El Dorado County, Cal.
I IT WILL CURE YOU.
JJ "When a remedy has the indorsement of people in all sections of the
:: State it must be worth trying. If you are not well, if your nerves are
*** not strong, or you have any sickness, it will cure you. Try it. Book,
with full Instructions and prices, sent sealed, without marks, free on ap-
8 plication.
I SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., * $5000 reward T
" 632 Market Street, San Francisco. ■Will be paid for one of i
& NOTE— Make no mistake in the number— these Belts which fails
« 632 MARKET STREET. lnese ljeila wnicn rails !
>•* Office hours. Ba.m.to ! p. m.: Sundays, 10 to generate a current of
O to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal.. 2044 Electrlcitv
~: f-otith Broadway; Portland, Or.. M Washington j-.icv.im.njr.
» street; Denver. Colo., 831 Sixteenth street; ♦ ■it
q Dallas, Tex.. 255 Main street.
£(£lBBB 88 3888 88 33388388833883£88333£»
GRAND JURY
FINDS FRAUD
Found Worthless Con
crete in a Lombard
Street Crossing.
A Section Made In Accordance
With the Speci
fications.
Comparison Instituted With th« Ma
terial Taken From tii»
Crossing.
Some Interesting: and Important ex*
periments in > ncrete have been mada
by the Grand Jury. Yesterday posi
tive proof was obtained that only a
small quantity of cement was used for
the concrete bed of a cr< sslns- on Lom
bard street which was paved with
bituminous rock by the City Street Im
provement Company. The cement was
lacking both in quality and quantity.
In order to ascertain whether thd
specifications as provided by the con
tract were complied with, the enter
prising Grand Jury had a quantity of
concrete made according to the letter of
the specification, and this sample waa
compared with a section of the concrete
taken from the Lombard street cross-,
ing.
The physical test of the concrete
taken from the street crossing show*
that the mater 'al is deficient in every
requirement. The interstices are not
filled, and the material is so flimsy and
sandy that one i.iay run a lead pencil
through the substance. The section
constructed by the Grand Jury accord
ing to the letter of the specifications i 3
firmer and more enduring: than the ma
terial taken from the crossing, yet the
interstices are not filled as they should
be, which indicates that the specifica
tions were somewhat faulty.
The contractor for the Lombard
street work cli.ims that the test i,s not
a fair one as the concrete was laid on
a clay foundation. The Grand Jury will
proceed further and make tests of con
crete laid on sand foundation. Several
sections of accepted pavement in vari
ous parts of tie city will be subjected
to the comparative tests.
The proof, however, is already pro
duced that the concrete or. the Lom
bard street crossing in nuestion wag
not mixed as the specifications direct
ed. Only a small quantity of cement
was used, - " what was used did not
come up to the "rade of third-class ce
ment.
THEATRICAL NOTES.
The "Bohemian Girl" lias but two more
nights at the Tivnli. the new Easter piece.
"Sinbad the Sailor," taking the stage on
Saturday night. "Sinbad" has been in
preparation for several months, and it is
said that the scenery, costumes and other
fittings have been selected with the idea
of a long run for the new burlesque. The
cast will include Helen Merrill, "Bob"
Mitchell, Carrie Roma, Edwin Stevens,
Thomas Leary and a large number of
subsidiary people.
"Shore Acres" is still a strong popular
attraction at the Columbia, where It will
ren-.aJn for another week.
Anna Held's engagement at the Bald
win concludes with the Sunday night per
formance. Monday's new attraction is
"A Stranger in New York," the latest of
Hoyt's farces.
"Jane" retires from the Alcazar at the
end of the week in favor of "The Strange
Adventures of Miss Brown."
Morosco's actors are giving an unusual
ly good performance this week in "Hands
Across the Soa," a fine specimen of olil
type Adelphi melodrama.
"A Jay in New York" continues p.t the
California until Sunday, when Edward
Harrigran opons in his original success,
"Old Lavender."
Mandola, tho equilibrist, is the best of
the new turns at the Orpheum. and Mont
gomery and Stone, coon impersonators,
are the best of all, new or old.
Caniac's performing Jaguar and leopard
are one among many interesting animal
acts at the Chutes.
1112
CHARTER
FOR THE
CITY AND COUNTRY
OF
SAN FRANCISCO
PREPARED AND PROPOSED BY THE
BOARD OF FREEHOLDERS,
Elected December 27, 1897, In pursuance of the Provisions of
Section 8, f!rticle XI. of tr;e Constitution of th«
State of California.
CONTENTS.
ARTICLE I-BOUNDARIES. RIGHTS
AND LIABILITIES.
ARTICLE LEGISLATIVE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— The Board of Supervisors.
Chapter ll— Powers of the Supervisors.
Chapter lll— Contracts,
ARTICLE FINANCE AND TAXA
TION.
Chapter I— Levying of Taxes.
Chapter ll— The Several Funds.
Chapter lll— The Custody of Public
Moneys.
Chapter IV— Payment of Claims.
ARTICLE IV— EXECUTIVE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Mayor.
Chapter ll— Auditor.
Chapter lll— Treasurer.
Chapter IV— Assessor.
Chapter V— Tax Collects
Chapter Vl— Coroner.
Chapter Vll— Recorder.
ARTICLE V— LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Superior Court Judges.
Chapter II — City Attorney.
Chapter District Attorney.
Chapter IV— Public Administrator.
Chapter V- County Clerk.
Chapter Vl— Sheriff.
Chapter Vll— Justices* Court.
Chapter VIII— Court.
Chapter IX— San Francisco Law Library.
ARTICLE VI— DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC WORKS.
Chapter I— Board of Public Works.
Chapter ll— lmprovement of Streets.
Chapter [ll— Opening of Streets.
Chapter [V— Sewers and Drainage.
Chapter V— Harbors and "Wharves.
ARTICLE VII - PUBLIC SCHOOLS
AND LIBRARIES.
Chapter I— Board of Education.
Chapter Schools.
_Chapter Hl— Powers of the Board of
Education.
Chapter IV— Superintendent of Schools.
ARTICLE I.
Boundaries, Eights and Liabilities.
SECTION 1. The municipal corpora
tion known as the City and County of
San Francisco shall remain and con
tinue a body politic and corporate, in
name and in fact, by the name of the
City and County of San Francisco, and
by that name shall have perpetual suc
cession; may sue and defend in all
courts and places and in all matters
and proceedings; may have anl use a ;
common seal and alter the same at
pleasure; may purchase, receive, hold
and enjoy real and personal property;
receive bequests, gifts and donations of
all kinds of property, In fee simple, or
In trust for charitable and other pur
poses, and do all acts ..ecessary to j
carry out tho purposes of tuch gifts,!
bequests and donations, .vith power to :
manage, sell, lease or otherwise dispose
of the same in accordance with the '■
terms of the gift, bequest or trust.
Sec. 2. The boundaries of the City i
and County of Can Francisco are here- !
by declared to be those set forth in \
Section Thirty-nine Hundred and Fifty
of the Political Code of California.
Sec. 3. The City and County of San
Francisco shall continue, under this
Charter, to have, hold and enjoy all
property, rights of property, rights of
action of every nature and description
of the existing municipality and is
hereby declared to be the successor of
the same.
Sec. 4. Suits, actions find proceedings
may be brought in the name of the City
and County for the recover: of any
property, money or thinr belong
ing thereto, in law or eqult;', or dedi
cated to public use therein, or for the
enforcement of any rights of, or con
tracts with, the City and County,
wh-Mher made or arising or accruing
before or after the adoption of this
Charter. All existing suits, actions and
proceedings in the courts or elsewhere,
to which the City and County is a party,
Bhall continue to be carried on by or
against the City and County.
Sec. 5. No recoursi shall be had
against the City and County for dam
age or loss to person or property suf
fered or sustained by reason of the de
fective condition of any sidewalk
street, avenue, lane, alley, court or
place, or by reason of the defective
condition of any sewer, or by reason of
any defective drainage, whether any of
Faiil defects originally existed, or
whether they were occasioned by con-
Ftruction, excavation or embankment,
nor shall there be any recourse against
the City and County for want of re
pair of any sidewalk, street, avenue,
fane, alley, court or place or by want
of repair of any sewer; ror shall there
be any recourse against the City and
County for damage to person rr prop
erty suffered or sustained by reason of
accident on any sidewalk, street, avenue,
lane, alley, court or plae<\ or by falling
from any embankment thereon or into
any excavation therein: but »n anysuch
case the person or persons on whom
the law may have imposed the obli
gation to repair such defect In the
sidewalk, street or public highway, or
In the sewer, and also the officer or
ofTicf-rs through whose official negll
gen<-r> such d'-fect remains unrepaired
Bhall be Jointly and severally liable to
thp party injured for the damage sus
tained.
ARTICLE 11.
LEGISLATIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Board of Supervisors.
SECTION 1. The legislative power
of the City and County .>r Han Francis
co shall he verted in a legislative body,
wh'oh shall be designated the Board of
ARTICLE Vll— Continued-
Chapter V— School Tax Levy.
Chapter Vl— Schoolhouses and Lots.
Chapter Vll— Public Library and Read
ing-rooms.
ARTICLE VIII — POLICE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Organization.
Chapter ll— Police Commissioners.
Chapter 111— Powers of the Board.
Chapter IV— Chief of Police.
Chapter V— Subordinate Officers.
Chapter Vl— Police Officers.
Chapter Vll— Promotions, Suspensions
and Dismissals.
Chapter Vlll— Unclaimed and Stolen
Property.
Chapter IX— Present Police Force.
Chapter X— Police Relief and Pension
Fund.
ARTICLE IX— FIRE DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Organization and Powers.
Chapter ll— Duties of Commissioners.
Chapter lll— The Chief Engineer.
Chapter IV— Fire Companies.
Chapter V— Fire Marshal.
Chapter Vl— Fire Wardens.
Chapter Vll— Firemen's Relief Fund.
Chapter Vlll— Salaries.
Chapter IX— Department of Electricity.
ARTICLE X— DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC HEALTH.
ARTICLE XI - DEPARTMENT OF
ELECTIONS.
Chapter I— Board of Election Commis
sioners.
Chapter ll— Municipal Elections.
ARTICLE XII— ACQUISITION OF PUB
LIC UTILITIES.
ARTICLE XIII— CIVIL SERVICE.
ARTICLE XIV— PARK COMMISSION
ERS.
ARTICLE XV— BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
ARTICLE XVI-MISCELLANEOUS.
SCHEDULE.
Supervisors. Such body is also deslg- j
nated in this Charter, the Supervisors. |
Sec. 2. The Board of Supervisors j
ehall consist of eighteen members, all i
of whom shall hold office for two years,
and shall be elected from the City and !
County at large. Each one must be at j
the time of his election an elector of i
the City and County, and mi,st have |
been such for at least five years next j
preceding his election. Each Supervls- !
or shall receive an annual salary of ■
twelvj hundred dollr-s.
Every person who has served as !
Mayor of the City and County, so long !
as he remains a resident thereof, shall j
be entitled to a seat In the Board of
Supervisors and to participate in Its
debates, but shall not be entitled to a
vote nor to any compensation.
Sec. 3. A majority of aJI the members
of the Board shall constitute a quorum, i
but a less number may adjourn from '■
day to day and compel the attendance |
of absent members in such manner and i
under such penalties as the Board may i
prescribe. i
Sec. 4. The Board shall:
1. Appoint a clerk, sergeant-at-arms ;
and, when authorized to do so by ordi- I
nance, such additional clerks and other I
assistants as may be deemed necessary, i
2. Establish rules for its proceedings, j
3. Keep a journal of its proceedings, I
and allow the same to be published. I
The ayes and noes shall on demand of j
any member be taken and entered |
therein.
4. Have authority to punish its mem
bers for disorderly or contemptuous
behavior In it 9 presence.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be the pre
siding officer of the Board of Supervis
ors. In the absence of the Mayor the
Board shall appoint a presiding officer
pro tempore from its own members,
who shall have the same right to vote
as other members.
Sec. 6. The Beard shall meet on
Monday of each week, or if that day be a I
legal holiday, then on the next day. !
The Board shall not adjourn to any j
other place than to its r< 'ar place of '
meeting, except in case of great neces
sity or emergency. The meetings of
the Board shall be public.
Sec. 7. The clerk of the Board,
when requested to do so, shall admin
ister oaths and affirmations, without
charge, in all matters pertaining to
the affairs of his office, and shall per
form such services aa may be pre
scribed by the Board. He shall have
the custody of the seal, and of all
leases, grants and other documents
records and papers of the City and
County. His signature shall be neces
sary to all leases, grants and convey
ances of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Every legislative act of the '
City and County shall be by ordinance I
The enacting clause of every ordinance
shall be In these words: "Be it or
dained by the People of the City and
County of San Francisco as follows."
No ordinance shall be passed except by
bill, and no bill shall be 60 amended aa
to change Its original purpose.
Sec. 8. No bill shall become an ordi
nance, nor resolution be adopted un
less finally passed by a majority of all
the members of the Board and the vote
be taken by ayes and noes and the
names of the members voting for and I
against the same be entered in the
Journal.
Sec. 10. No ordinance shall be re- I
vised, re-enacted or amended by refer
ence to itt- title; but the ordinance to
be revised or re-enacted, or the section
thereof amended, shall be re-enacted
at length as revised and amended.
Sec. 11. An ordinance shall embrace
but one subject, which subject shall be
expressed in its title. If any subject
be embraced in an ordinance and not
expressed in Its title, such ordinance
shall be void only as to so much there
of as is not expressed in its title.
Sec. 12. When a bill is put upon Its
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 1898.
final passage in the Board and fails to
pass, and a motion is made to recon
sider, the vote upon such motion shall
not be acted upon before the expira
tion of twenty-four hours after ad
journment. No bill for the grant of
any franchise shall be put upon its
final passage within ninety days after
its introduction, and no franchise shall
be renewed before one year prior to its
expiration. Every ordinance shall, af
ter amendment, be laid over for one
week before its final passage.
Sec. 13. Every bill or resolution pro
viding for any specific improvement,
or the granting of any franchise or
privilege, or involving the lease, ap
propriation or disposition of public
property or the expenditure of public
money, except sums less than two
hvndred dollars, or levying any tax
or assessment, and every ordinance
providing for the imposition of a new
duty or penalty, shall, after its intro
duction, be published in the official
newspaper, with the ayes and noes,
for at least five successive days (Sun
days and legal holidays excepted) be
fore final action upon the same. If
such bill be amended, the bill as
amended shall be advertised for a like
period before final action thereon. But
in cases of great necessity the officers
and heads of departments may. with
the consent of the Mayor, expend such
sums of money, not to exceed two hun
dred dollars, as shall be necessary tr>
meet the requirements of such neces
sity.
Sec. 14. If any bill be presented to
the Mayor containing several items ap
propriating money or fixing a tax levy,
he may object to one or more items
separately, while approving other por
tions of the bill. In such case he shall
append to the bill at the time of sign
ing it a statement of the item or item*
to which he objects and the reasons
therefor, and the item or items so ob
jected to shall not take effect unless
passed notwithstanding the Mayor's
objection. Er-ch item so objected to
shall be separately reconsidered by the
Board in the same manner as bills
which have been disapproved by the
Mayor.
Sec. 15. No ordinance shall take ef
fect until ten days after its passage
unless otherwise provided in such or
dinance.
Sec. 16. Every bill and every resolu
tion as hereinbefore provided, which
shall have passed the Board and shall
have been duly authenticated, shall be
presented to the Mayor for his appro
val. The Mayor shall return such bill
or resolution to the Board within ten
days after receiving it. If he approve
it he shall sign it and it shall then be
come an ordinance. If he disapprove
it he shall specify his objections there
to in writing. If he does not return
it with such disapproval within the
time above specified, it shall take ef
fect as if he had approved it. The ob
jections of the Mayor shall be entered
at large in the Journal of the Board,
and the Board shall, after five and
within thirty days after such bill or
resolution shall have been so returned,
reconsider and vote upon the same. If
the same shall, upon reconsideration,
be again passed by the affirmative vot«>
of not less than fourteen members of
the Board, the presiding officer shall
certify that fact on the bill or resolu
tion, and when so certified, the bill
shall become an ordinance with like ef
fect as if it had been approved by the
Mayor. If the bill or resolution shall fail
to receive the vote of fourteen members
of the Board it shall be deemed finally
lost. The vote or\ such reconsideration
shall be taken by ayes and noes and
the names of the members voting for
and against the same shall be entered
in the Journal.
Sec. 17. All ordinances and resolu
tions shall be deposited with the Clerk
of the Board who shall record the same
at length in a suitable book.
Sec. 18. No ordinance shall be re
pealed except by ordinance a.dopted in
the manner hereinbefore set out, and
such ordinance shall be presented to
the Mayor for his approval as herein
before provided.
Sec. 19. Except as provided In Chap
ter 111 of Article 111 of this Charter, all
demands payable out of the Treasury
must, before they can be approved by
the Auditor or paid by the Treasurer,
be firpt approved by the Board of Sup
ervisors. All demands for more than two
hundred dollars shall be presented to the
Mayor for Is approval, in the manner
hereinbefore provide- 1 , for the passage
of bills or resolutions. All resolutions
directing the payment of money other
than salaries or wages, when the
amount exceeds five hundred dollars,
shall be published for five successive
days (Sundays and legal holidays ex
cepted) in the official newspaper.
Sec. 20. **"*• .ie\ r there shall be pre
sented to the Board of Election Com
missioners a petition signed by a num
ber of voters equal to fl*te:?n per
centum of the votes cast at the last
preceding State or City ard County
election, asking that an ordinance to be
Pet forth in such petition, be suhr. cted
to a vote of th electors of .h? City .-tnd
County, the Board of Election Com
missioners must submit such proposed
ordinance to tlie vote of the electors nt
the next election.
The signatures to the petition need
not all be appended to one paper, but
each signer shall add to his signature
his place of r idence, giving the street
and number. One of the signers of
each such paper shall l.ake oath be
fore an officer competent to admin. -ter
oaths, that the statements therein
made are true, and that each signature
to the paper appended is the genuine
signature of the person whose name
purports to be thereto subscribed.
The tickets used In such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
ORDINANCE" (stating the nature of
the proposed ordinance) and
"AGAINST THE ORmNANTE" (stat
ing the nature of the proposed ordi
nance).
If a majority of the votes cast t: icn
euch ordinance shall be in fa .'or of the
adoption there< *, the Board of Election
Commissioners shall within thirty days
from the time of such election, pro
o"alm such f ae' : nd upon such procla
mation such ordinance shall have the
same forcp and effect as an ordinance
passed by the Supervisors and ap
proved by the Mayor, and the same
shall not be repealed by the Supervi
sors. But the Supervisors may submit
a proposition for the repeal of such
ordinance, or for amendments thereto,
for vote at any succeeding election; and
should such proposition, so submitted,
receive a majority of the votes cast
thereon at such election, such ordi
nance shall be repealed or amended
accordingly.
Sec. 21. Except as otherwise pro
vided in the Constituticn of the State,
or as otherwise provided in this Char
ter, every ordinance involving the
granting by the City and County of
any franchise for the supply of light
or water, or for the lease rr sale of any
publlcutility, or for thepurchaseof land
of more than fifty thousand dollars In
value must be submitted to the vr te
of the electors of th City and County
at the election next ensu'ng after the
adnntion of such ordinance.
The tickets used at such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
ORDINANCE" (stating t..e nature of
the proposed ordi nee) and
"AGAINST THE ORDINANCE" (stat
ing the nature o. the proposed ordi
nance).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such ordinance shall be In favor of the
adoption thereof, the Board of Ele<. Jon
Commissioners shall, within thlrtv
days from tl - time of such Section,
proclaim such fact; and upon such
proclamation such ordinance shall have
the same force and effect asl an ordi
nance passed by the Supervisors and
approved by th" Mayor.
No such franchise, or lease or sale
of any public utility or purchase of
land shall be of any force or effect ex
cept it be mad" by ordinance, and such
ordinance be adopted by the people as
in this section provided.
Sec. 22. Wh^n-ver there shall be
presented to the Supervisors a petition
signed by .. number of voters equal
fifteen per centum of the votes cast at
the last preceding State or municipal
election, asking that an amendment or
amendments t this Charter, to be set
out in such petition, be submitted to
the people, the Board must submit to
I the vote of the electors of the City and
County the proposed amendment or
amendments.
The signatures to the petition need
not all be appended to one paper. Each
signer shall add to his signature his
place of residence, giving the street
and number. One of the signers of
each such paper shall make oath be
fore an 01 r.er competent to administer
oaths that the statemerts made therein
are true and that each signature to
i such paper appenue' is the genu' ie
! signature of the person whose name
purports to be thereto subscribed.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must make all necessary provision for
submitting the proposed amendment or
amendments to the electors at a spe
cial election to be called by it, and shall
canvass the vote in the same manner
as in other cas i of election.
All the provisions of the Constitution
of the state embracing the subject in
tnis section provided for are hereby ex
pressly made applicable to such pro
posed amendment or amendments. But
If at any time there shall be no consti
i tutlonal provision or provisions under
I '".hieh th 's Charter may be amended,
then the aforesaid amendment or
amendments must be submitted by the
Board of Election Commissioners tc the
vote of the electors of the City and
County at the election which next en
sues after such petition is filed with the
I Supervisors, if any such election is not
| to be held within sixty days after the
I nling of such petition.
| The tickets used at such election
S *«JL c °ntain the words "FOR THE
AMENDMENT" (stating the nature
iof the proposed amendment) and
j "AGAINST THE AMENDMENT"
("stating the nature of the proposed
| amendment).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
I such amendment or amendments shall
|be in favor of the adoption thereof,
the Board of Election Commissioners
shall, within thirty days from the time
of such election, proclaim such fact,
and thereupon this Charter shall be
amended accord igiy.
CHAPTER 11.
Powers of the Supervisors.
SECTION 1. Subject to the pro
visions, limitations and restrictions in
this Charter contained, the Board of
Supervisors shall have power:
1. To ordain, make and enforce
within the limits of the City and
County all nee scary local, police, sani
tary and other laws and regulations.
2. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, or In the Constitution of
the State of r^llfornia, to regulate and
control for any and every purpose, the
use of the streets, highways, public
thoroughfares, public places, alleys,
and sidewalks of the City and ~-unty.
3. To permit the laying" down of rail
road tracks and running cars thereon,
along any street or portion of a street,
for the sole purpose of excavating and
filling in a street or portion of a street
or the adjoining land, for such limited
time as may be necessary for such
purpose and no longer. Such tracks
must be laid level with the street and
must be operated under such restric
tions as not to interfere with the use of
such streets by the public.
4. To empower street railway com
panies, under such conditions as the
Board may see fit Lj impose, to convey
street sweepings and offal to the public
parks.
5. To fix the limits within -which
wooden bui'. ~..ngs or structures shall
not be erected, placed or maintained,
and to prohibit the same within such
limits. Such limits when once estab
lished shall not be hanged except by
extension.
6. To provide fo. the abatement <r
summary removal of any nuisance and
to condemn and to prevent the occu
pancy of unsafe structures.
7. To regulate the yse of hackney car
riages and public passenger vehicles,
and to fix the rates to be charged for
the transportation of persons or per
sonal baggfge.
8. To provide a public pound and to
make all necer: ry rules and regula
tions in the matter of animals running
at large, and for the custody and de
siruetion of the same.
9. To provide and maintain a
morgue.
10. To provide places for the deten
tion of witnesses and persons charged
with insanity, separate and rpart from
places wher>" j criminals or persons ac
cused of public offenses are imprisoned.
11. To establish, maintain and regu
late, and change, discontinue and
re-establish City and County jails,
prisons and houses of detention, pun
ishment, confinement and reformation,
hospitals and almshouses.
12. To purchase or acquire by con
demnation such property as may be
needed for public use.
13. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, to regulate and control
the location and quality of all appli
ances necessary to the furnishing f
water, heat, light, power, telephonic
and telegraphic service to the City and
County, and to acquire, regulate and
control any and all appliances for the
sprinkling and cleaning of the streets
of the City and County, and for flush
ing the sewers therein.
14. To fix and determine by ordin
ance in the month of February of each
year, to take effect on the first day of
July thereafter, the rates or compensa
tion to be collected by any person, com
pany or corporation in the City and
County, for the use cf v ater, heat,
light or power, supplied to the City and
County, or t-> the inhabitants thereof,
and to prescribe the quality of the ser
vice.
15. To impose license taxes and to
provide for the collection thereof; but
no license taxes shall be imposed upon
any person who, at any fixed place of
business in the City and County, sells
or manufactures goods, wares or mer
chandise, except such as require per
mits from the Board of Police Com
missioners as provided in this C* *rter.
16. To prescribe fines, forfeitures and
penalties for the breach of any ordin
ance; but no penalty shall exceed the
amount of five hundred dollars or six
months' imprisonment, or both.
17. To fix the fees and charges for
all official services not otherwise pro
vided for in this Charter.
18. To allow not to exceed two thou
sand five hundred dollars in any year
for the celebration of the anniversary
of our National Independence, and not
to exceed five hundred dollars in any
year for the observance of Memorial
Day.
19. To appropriate such sums as may
be paid into the treasury from fines col
lected on conviction of persons charged
with cruelty to animals, and to author
ize the payment of the same or some
part thereof co any society that shall
efficiently aid in such convictions.
20. To provide for the payment of
compensation to the interpreters ap
pointed by the Judges of the Superior
Ourt, to Interpret testimony in crim
inal cases in said Court or the Police
Court, or upon inquests and examina
tions. Such compensation shall not ex
ceed one hundred dollars a month for
each interpreter.
21. To offer rewards not exceeding
one thousand dollars in any one in
stance for the apprehension and convic
tion of any person who may have com
mitted a felony in the City and County
and to authorize the payment thereof
22. To provide in the annual tax
levy for a special fund to be used in the
construction of a general system of
drainage and rewerage.
23. To provide a Seal for the City
and County, and Seals for the several
departments, boards and officers there
of, and a Seal for the Police Court.
24. To fix the hours of labor or serv
ice required of all laborers in the serv
ice of the City and County, and to fix
their compensation; provided that eight
hours shall be the maximum hours of
labor In any calendar day, and that tL
minimum wages of laborers shall be
two dollars a day.
25. To set apart as a boulevard or
boulevards any street or streets, or por
tions of a street or streets, over which
there is no existing franchise for any
street railroad.
26. To construct or permit the con
struction of tunnels, under such rules
< and regulations as the Board may pre
! scribe.
27. To regulate street railroads.
, tracks and cars; to compel the owners
i of two or more of such roads using the
; same street for any distance not cx
l ceeding ten blocks to use the same
I tracks and to equitably divide the cost
of construction and expense of main
tenance thereof between the owners; to
fix, establish and reduce the fares and
j charges for transporting passengers
and goods thereon; to regulate rates of
speed, and to pass ordinances to pro
tect the public from danger or incon
venience in the operation of such roads.
28. To allow any transcontinental or
other railroad company having not less
than fifty miles of road actually con
structed id in operation to enter the !
City and County with its road and run :
Its cars to the water front at the most '■
suitable point for public convenience.
No exclusive right shall be granted to
any railroad company; and the use of
all such rights shall at all times be sub
ject to regulation by the Supervisors.
Every ordinance granting such right
shall be upon the conditions that said
company shall pave and keep in repair
the street from curb to curb in such a
manner and with such material as may
from time to time be prescribed by the
Supervisors, and that such company
shall allow any other railroad company
to use in common with it the same
track or tracks, each paying an equal
portion for the construction and repair
of the tracks and appurtenances used
by such railways jointly.
29. -to convey lands in accordance
with the provisions of the Act of the
Legislature of the State of California,
entitled "An Act to expedite the settle
ment of land titles in the City and
County of San Francisco, and to ratify
and confirm the acts and proceedings of
certain of the authorities thereof." ap
proved March 14, 1870.
30. To provide for the execution of
all trusts confided to the City and
County.
31. To transfer from one department
of the City Government vacant and un
used lots of land to another depart
ment.
32. To provide for the lease of any
lands now or hereafter owned by the
City and County; but all leases shall be
made at public auction to the highest
responsible bidder at the highest
monthly rent, after publication of no
tice thereof for at least three weeks. No
lease shall be authorized except by or
dinance passed by the affirmative vote j
of two-thirds of the members of the
Board, and approved by the Mayor, and
no lease shall be made for a longer pc- |
riod than twenty years.
33. To provide for the sale at public
auction, after advertising for five days,
of personal property unfit or unneces
sary for the use of the City and County.
34. To provide for the purchase of
property levied upon or under execu
tion in favor of the City and County;
but the amount bid on such purchase
shall not exceed the amount of judg
ment and costs.
35. The Supervisors mus'. appropriate
annually to the Mayor thirty-six hun
dred dollars as and for a contingent
fund, for which he need furnish no
vouchers
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall consti
tute the Board of Equalization of the
City and County. The Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall be Clerk of the Board of
Equalization by virtue of his office.
Sec. 3. ' The Board of Supervisor
shall appoint from its members a com
mittee consisting of three to be denom
inated Finance Committee, and shall
fill all vacancies in the Committee.
The Committee shall investigate th
transactions and accounts of all officers
having the collection, custody or dis
bursement of public money, or having
the power to ' approve, allow, or audit
demands on the treasury; . shall have
free access to any records, books and
papers in all public. offices; shall have
power to administer oaths and affirma
tions, and to examine witnesses, and
compel their attendance before them by
subpena. The Committee may at any
time visit any of the public offices an
make its examinations and investiga
tions therein without hindrance. .
The Committee must, at least once in
every six months, examine the official
bonds of all City and County officers
and investigate the sufficiency and sol
vency of the sureties thereon, and re
port in writing the facts to the Mayor.
Such report shall specify each bond
with the sureties, and the amounts for
which each surety is bound, and state
whether or not they are sufficient an
solvent. Upon such report the Mayor
shall take such action as shall be nec
essary to protect the City and County,
and may require new bonds when nec
essary, and he may suspend any officer
till a sufficient bond is tiled and ap
proved.
Sec. 4. The Finance Committee shall
have power, and it shall be its duty, to
examine the records and examine and
I expert the books of account of all per
< sons, companies or corporations that
are required to pay a portion of the
gross receipts into the treasury; and
shall likewise, as an aid to the fixing
of rates for furnishing water and light
to the City and County and to the in
habitants thereof, have like power, an
it shall be its duty, to examine th
records and examine and expert th
books of account of any and all per
! sons, companies or corporations so
! furnishing water or light.
In the exercise of its functions, th
concurrence of two members of the
Committee shall be deemed sufficient.
| The Committee shall keep a record of
its proceedings with the names of th
witnesses examined and a substantial
I statement of the evidence taken. If,
■ from the examination made by the
• Committee, it shall appear that a mis
< demeanor in office, or a defalcation, ;
1 has been committed by an officer, the
Committee shall immediately report to
• the Mayor, who. if he approve the re
: port, shall take such proceedings
! against such officer as are authorized
i by law, and may suspend him pending
! such proceedings. Any Police Officer
! shall execute the process and orders of
the Committee.
Sec. 5. No exclusive franchise or
privilege shall be granted for laying
pipes, wires or conduits.
Sec. 6. The Board of. Supervisors
shall have power to grant authority
for a term not exceeding twenty-five
I years to construct and operate street i
i railways upon, or over, or under, the
j streets or parts of streets of the City j
and County not reserved for boulevards
or carriage driveways, upon the follow
ing conditions and in the following
manner and none other:
Upon application being made to the
Board for any such franchise, it shall
by resolution determine whether such
franchise or any part thereof should
i be granted, and at said time shall de
1 termine on what conditions the same
'■ shall be granted additional to those
: conditions provided in this Chapter.
After such determination, it shall
cause notice of such application and
resolution to be advertised in the offi
cial newspaper of the City and Coun
ty for ten consecutive days. Such ad
vertisement must be completed not less
than twenty nor more than thirty days
; before any further . action is taken by
j the Board on such application. The ad
; vertisement must state the ; character
i of the franchise sought, the term of
I Its proposed continuance, and: .> the
| route to be traversed; that sealed bids
' will be received up to a certain hour
] on a day to be named In the advertise
' ment; and .-a further statement that
] no bids will be received ' of a . stated
i amount, but that all bids must be for
j the : payment to - the City <■ and i County
'in lawful ; money ?of the United States
i of a stated percentage of the gross
! annual ;, receipts "'. of • the person, com
"■ pany or corporation to whom the fran
chise may be awarded, arising from its
use, operation, enjoyment -or posses-
V sion. :■■;■;■:'■::■■.*■■ ■■^-J^u./.'-.T^i ■ »'. : ': :■:'..■.■: <
I : : Every bidder shall file with his bid a
bond executed to the City and County,
with at least two good and sufficient
sureties to be approved fey the Mayor
in a penai sum prescribes by the Su
pervisors, and set forth in such ad
vertisement, conditioned that such bid
der will well and truly observe, fulfill
and perform each and all of the condi
tions, terms and obligations of the
franchise for which said application
was made in case the fame shall be
awarded to him, and that in case of
the breach of any of the conditions of
such bond, the whole amount of the
penal sum therein named shall be taken !
to be liquidated damages, and that as
BUCh shall be recoverable from the ;
principal and sureties on such bond.
At the next regular session after the !
expiration of the time stated in such
advertisement up to which such bids
will be received, the Board must open '
such bids and award the franchise to
the person, company or corporation of- '
fering to pay the highest stated per- j
centage of the gross receipts arising
from the use, operation, possession or ,
enjoyment of the franchise for which
such application was made. But no |
award shall be made, nor any such ap
plication granted, unless the stated
percentage offered to be paid for the
franchise shall be at least three per
centum of such gross receipts during
the first five years of the period for i
which the franchise is to be granted,
four per centum of the gross receipts
during the next succeeding ten years,
and five per centum of the gross re
ceipts during the next succeeding ten
years.
Except as in this section otherwise
provided, bidding for such franchises
must bo in accordance wih the provis
ions of this Charter in relation to bids
made to the Board of P.llic Works, so
far as such provisions may be applica
ble. The Supervisors may reject any
and all bids, and may refuse to grant a
franchise for any part of the route for ,
which application was made. *""-. cry
ordinance making such grant shall re- !
quire the concurrenceof three-fourthsof ;
all the members of the Board of Super
visors, as shown by the ayes and noes,
and the approval of the May- !
or, and at least ninety days shall in- j
tervene between the introduction and
final passage of any such ordinance. It
shall require a vote of five-sixths of all
the Supervisors to pass the ordinance
notwithstanding the objections of the
Mayor.
If any bid be accepted, the franchise
must be granted upon the express con
dltlon, in addition to the conditions re
quired by this Charter, and such other
conditions as may be prescribed by the
Supervisors, that the per centum of the
gross receipts of the railway shall be
paid into the treasury on or before the
tenth day of the next ensuing month
after such gross receipts shall have
been earned; and upon the further con
dition that the whole of the railway
shall be continuously operated, and
that at the end of the term the road
track and bed of such railway and all
its stationary fixtures upon the public
streets, shall become the property of
the City and County; and that the
grantees will, within one hundred days
after the date of such grant, commence
the construction of such railway, and
continuously thereafter. In each and ev
ery month until the completion thereof,
expend in such construction at least
the sum of three thousand dollars.
The failure to comply with any of
said conditions shall work an immedi
ate forfeiture of such franchise and the
road or track constructed thereunder. :
There shall be no power in the Super
visors to relieve from such forfeiture
or from any of said conditions. On or
before the tenth day of each month af
ter said receipts shall have been earned,
the President and Secretary of said '
railway company shall make and file
with the Clerk of the Board of Super
visors a sworn statement of the gross
receipts of such railway for the pre
ceding month.
In granting any such franchise the '
Board of Supervisors shall impose such
other lawful conditions as it may deem
advisable< and must expressly provide
that the franchise shall not be renewed \
or regranted, and that the Board shall
at all times have the power to regulate
the rates of fare to bo charged by those
using, operating, possessing or enjoy
ing the franchise, and that the Finance
Committee of the Board shall at all
times be permitted to examine and ex
pert their books as to such gross re
ceipts. All moneys received for such
franchises and in payment of the said
per centum shall be credited to the
General Fund.
Sec. 7. The Supervisors shall have no
power to grant franchises or privileges
to erect poles or wires for transmitting
electric power or for lighting purposes
along or upon any public street or high
way of the City and County except up
on all the conditions and In the manner,
including competitive bidding and pay
ment of a percentage of gross receipts,
hereinbefore set out, and upon the fur
ther condition that the Board shall at
all times have the right to regulate the
charges of any person, company or cor
poration using, enjoying or possessing
such franchise or privilege.
When, on the expiration of any street
railroad franchise, It shall be deemed
inexpedient by the Board to use any of
the property reverting to it by reason
of such expiration in the operation of
a street railroad, then the Board shall
have power to lease such property to
any person, company or corporation af
ter the notice, on the terms, and in the
manner above provided as to the grant
ing of street railroad .franchises, as far
as the same may be applicable. But no
ordinance authorizing such lease shall
be passed prior to ninety days next pre
ceding the expiration of such franchise.
Any ordinance granting a franchise
or authorizing a lease under the provis
ions of this section shall be in force
from and after the expiration of thirty
days from the date of its signature by
the Mayor, or from and after the expi
ration of thirty days from the date of
its passage by the Supervisors over his
objections, unless within said thirty
days a petition signed by a number of
the electors of the City and County
equal to fifteen per centum of the votes
cast at the last preceding election shall
have been filed with the Supervisors,
asking that said ordinance be submit
ted to the vote of the people. In such
case said ordinance shall be submitted
at the next election to the vote of the
! electors of the City and County, and
, unless said ordinance shall at said elec
tion receive in its favor a majority of
the votes cast thereon it shall have no
I forre or effect for any purpose. If a
! majority of the votes be in favor of
; such ordinance, the Board of Election
! Commissioners shall, on the conclusion
; of the canvass of the vote thereon,
i proclaim such fact, and upon such
proclamation said ordinance shall have
full force and effect as of the date
, aforesaid. Said petition and submission
! shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of section twenty of Chapter
I of this Article.
Sec. 8. All claims for damages
against the City and County must be
presented to the Board of Supervisors
j and filed with the Clerk within six
; months after the occurrence from
I which the damages are claimed to have
arisen; otherwise there shall be no re
covery on any such claim.
CHAPTER 111.
Contracts.
SECTION 1. All contracts for goods,
! merchandise, stores, supplies, subsist
i ence or printing for the City and Coun
: ty, as well as for all subsistence sup-
I piles, drugs, and other necessary arti
cles for hospitals, prisons, public Instl
| tutions and other departments not oth
; erwise specifically provided for in this
Charter, must be made bytheSupervis
; ors with the lowest bidder offering ad
! equate security, after publication for
: not less than ten days in the official
I newspaper; and no purchase thereof or
liability therefor shall be made or cre
ated except by contract.
Except as otherwise provided in this
Charter, the Board must determine
annually what goods, merchandise,
stores, supplies, drugs, subsistence and
other necessary articles will be needed
| by the City and County for the ensuing
year and it shall have no power to
nurrhis^. or to pay for the same unless
fhe provisions in thl. Charter provided
as to competitive bidding for supplies
are strictly followed, and no contract
shall be made for any of the same un
less upon such competitive bidding.
All proposals shall be accompanied
with a certificate of deposit or certified
check on a solvent bank in the City
and County of ten per centum on tn
amount of the bid. payab c at *ight to
the order of the Clerk of the Supervls
ors. If the bidder to whom the con
tract is awarded shall for five aajs af
ter such award fail or neglect to ente^
into the contract and file the "quired
bond, the Clerk shall draw the '™™ c
due on such certificate of deposit or
check and pay the same into the treas
ury; and under no circumstances shall
the certificate of deposit or check o.
the proceeds thereof be returned to
such defaulting bidder. .  .
Notices for proposals for furnishing
the aforesaid articles shall mention
said articles in general and shall »""«
that the conditions and schedule may
be found in the office of the ClerK : 01
the Board, of Supervisors; and snaii
also state that such articles are to De
delivered at such times, in such quan
tities, and in such manner, as the . v
pervisors may designate. Any "*»«*'
may bid separately for any aruc
named. The award as to each article
shall in all cases be made to the lowest
bidder for such article, and where a Dia
embraces more than one article tne
Supervisors shall have the right to ac
cept or reject such bid or the bid for
any one or more articles embraced
therein. In the case of contracts for
subsistence of prisoners the 'advertise
ment fcr proposals shall specifyeacn
article required, the quality thereof
the quantity for each person, and the
existing and probable number of per
sons to be supplied. No article or ar
ticles provided for in this section siiaii
have been made in any prison, ins
Supervisors shall require bonds with
sufficient sureties for the faithful per
formance of every contract. The ClerK
of the Supervisors shall furnish print
ed blanks for all such proposals, con
tracts and bonds. , - «
All bids shall be sealed and deliverea
by the bidder to the Clerk of the su
pervisors, and opened by the Board at
an hour and place to be stated in the.
advertisement for proposals, in tne
presence of all bidders who attend. an<l
the bidders may Inspect the bids. All
bids with alterations or erasures
therein shall be rejected. All articles
so supplied shall be subject to Inspec
tion and rejection by the Supervisors
and by the person in char— • of the or
fice. Institution or department for
which the same are supplied. Every
contract for work to be Performed for
the City and County must provide that
in the 'performance of the contract
eight hours shall be the maximum
hours of labor on any calendar day,
and that the minimum wages of labor
ers employed by the contractor in tn*
execution of his contract shall be two
dollars a day. Any contract for worK
to be performed for the City and Coun
ty which does not comply with the pro
visions of this section shall be null and
void, and any officer who shall sign the
same shall be deemed guilty of m sfea
sance and upon proof of such misfea
sance shall be removed from office.
Sec. 2. All contracts for official ad
vertising shall be let annually in like
manner by the Supervisors to the low
: est responsible bidder publishing a
daily newspaper in the City and Coun
ty which has a bona fide daily circula
tion of at least eight thousand copies,
and has been in existence at the time
of letting such contract for at least
1 two years. In inviting proposals there
for, such advertising shall not be clas
: sified and no proposal shall be acted
upon which offers to do such advertis
ing at different rates for different por
tions thereof.
Such advertising shall be construed
to mean the advertising and publica
tion of all official reports, orders, ordi
nances, messages, resolutions, notice*
Inviting proposals and all notices of
every nature relating to City work. No
part or kind of such advertising shall
be charged or contracted for at a hign
er rate than any other part or kind of
the same Is charged or contracted for.
except in the case of the delinquent tax
list
The newspaper to which the award
of such advertising Is made shall be
j known and designated as the "official
newspaper." 
The advertising of the delinquent
tax list shall be let to the lowest re
sponsible bidder on a separate bidding
from all other official advertising.
No board, department or officer shall
make any publication which is not ex
pressly authorized by this Charter or
by the Supervisors.
Sec. 3. The Clerk of the Supervisors
shall annually, under the direction of
the Supervisors, advertise for pro
posals for supplying the various
departments, officers and offices of the
City and County with all stationery
and supplies in the nature of station
ery, assessment books, minute books,
blank books and the printing of blanks.
The contracts for ionery shall be
separate from thope for printing.
Notice for proposals for supplies shall
require a greater or less quantity to
be delivered at such times and in such
manner as the Supervisors may desig
nate. The advertisement for bids for
paper shall state the weight, quality
and size of the various kinds required,
and that for printing shall enumerate
the various letter heads, tax bills, tax
receipts, court notices, and all blanks,
papers and documents now used or
hereafter required in any and all de
partments of the City and County, in
cluding the forms, papers and blanks
I now used or hereafter required by the
courts of the City and County.
The forms for all printing shall be
consecutively numbered, and each form
and blank shall be known as No.—
(specifying the number). Such adver
tisement shall be published for at least
ten days, and shall require the bidders
to state the price at which each arti
cle will be furnished, printed or manu
factured, as the same may be required
from time to time during such period,
and the amount of the bond that will be
required as security for the perform
ance of the contract.
No stationery furnished to any offi
cer or department shall contain the
name or names of the officer or offi
cers constituting the head of the de
partment or board. The contract or
contracts must be made with the low
est bidder offering adequate security,
quantity and quality being considered.
The Clerk of the Supervisors shall have
rooms in the City Hall for the custody
of such stationery, and when purchased
the same shall be delivered to him, and
he shall issue and distribute the same
to the various departments as re
i quired.
He shall keep accounts in detail,
i charging himself with all goods re
ceived, and crediting himself with the
i goods delivered upon order or requisi
: tion as hereinafter provided. "When
I any of such supplies are required, for
any department, the Clerk of the Su
i pervisors shall issue the same after the
requisition for such articles has been
made by the head of such department
and approved by the Mayor.
All requisitions for printing shall be
made in a similar manner. The Clerk
shall report monthly in writing to the
I Supervisors in detail, the amount of
', all paper, blanks, books, stationery and
| printing ordered by and delivered to
i any department or officer.
Sec. 4. } Any officer of the City and
I County, or of any department thereof,
I who shall aid or assist a bidder in se
: curing a contract to furnish labor, ma
terial or supplies, at a higher price or
I rate than ■ that proposed by any other
! bidder, or w" i shall favor one bidder
; over another, by giving or withholding
information, or who shall willfully mis
\ lead any bidder in regard to the char
| acter of the material or supplies called
! for, or who shall knowingly accept ma
: terials or supplies of a quality inferior
to that called for by the contract or
who shall knowingly certify to a great
er amount of labor performed than has
v been ' actually performed, or to the re
l ceint of a greater amount or differentkinds of material or supplies than has
been actually received, shall be deemed
guilty of misfeasance and shall be re
moved from office.
Sec. 5. All contracts provided for In
th!s Chapter must be in writing and
executed in the name of the <"ity and
County by the Mayor. All such con
tracts must be countersigned by the
ft'lerk of the Supervisors, and register
ed by number and date in a book kept
by him for that purpose. When a con
tractor fails i" < ' !'■' Into tno contract
awarded to him or to perform the same,
new bids must be Invited, and a con
tract awarded as provided herein In
th» first Instance. When the Supervis
ors believe that the prices bid are too
high, or that bidders have combined to
prevent competition, or that the public
jut. rest will be Bubserved thereby, they
niiiy reject any and all bids and cause
the notice for proposals to be readver
tlsed.
Pec. 6. No contract for lighting
streets, public buildings, places or of
fices, shall be made for a longer period
than one year, nor shall any contract
to pay for tr:'.s. electric light or any il
luminating material at a higher rate
than the minimum price charged to any
other consumer, be valid. Demands
for lighting public buildings shall be
presented monthly to the board or de
partment using or having charge
thereof, and shall specify the amount
of gas, electric light or illuminating
material consumed in such building
during the month.
ARTICLE 111.
FINANCE AND TAXATION.
CHAPTER L
Levying of Taxes.
SECTION 1. On or before the first
Monday of April in each year the heads
of departments, offices, boards and
commissions of the City and County
shall send to the Supervisors an esti
mate In writing of the amount of ex
penditure, specifying in detail the ob
f Jects thereof, required in their respec
tive departments, offices, boards and
commissions, including a statement of
the salaries of their subordinates. Du
plicates of these estimates shall be
Bent at the same time to the Auditor.
Sec. 2. On or b fore the first Monday
of May in each year the Auditor shall
transmit to the Supervisors an estimate
of the probable expenditures of the
City and County government for the
next ensuing fiscal year, stating the
amount required to meet the interest
and sinking funds for all outstanding
funded debts, and the wants of all the
departments of the municipal govern
ment in detail, and showing specifically ■
the amount necessary to be apportion- j
cd to each fund in the treasury; also !
an estimate of the amount of income
from fines, licenses and other sources '<
of revenue, exclusive of taxes upon j
property, and the probable amount re- I
quired to be levied and raised by taxa
tion.
Sec. 3. The Supervisors shall meet
annually between the first Monday of
May and the first Monday of June, and
by a vote of a majority of all the mem
bers thereof make a budget of the j
amounts estimated to be required to ,
my the expenses of conducting the \
public business of the Cit- and County ;
for the next ensuing fiscal year. The I
budget shall be prepared In such de- !
tail as to the aggregate sum and the
Items thereof allowed to each depart- ■
ment, office, board or commission, as
the Supervisors shall deem advisable.
Before finally determining upon the
budget, the Supervisors shall fix such
sufficient ';rae or times as may be
necessary to allow the taxpayers to be
heard in regard thereto, and the Super
visors shall attend at the time or times
bo appointed for such hearln"
Sec. 4. Any item in said budget may,
within ten days, be vetoed In whole or
In part by the Mayor, and it shall re
quire fifteen votes of the Supervisors
to overcome such veto. Action thereon
must be taken before the last Monday
of Jun#.
. . After the final estimate is made In I
accordance herewith. It shall be signed j
by the Mayor and the clerk of the Su- !
pervisors, and V. several sums shall j
th»n be appropriated for the ensuing ]
fiscal year to the several purposes and i
departments therein name 1 . The esti- i
mate shall be filed In the office of the
Auditor.
Sec. 5. The Supervisors must cause
to be raised annually according to law,
and collected by tax, the amounts so
appropriated, less the amounts re
ceived from fines, licenses and other
sources of revenue.
Sec. 6. Except as otherwise pro
vided In this Charter, no money shall j
be drawn from the treasury unless. in i
consequence of appropriations made j
by the Supervisors and upon warrants
duly drawn thereon by the Auditor.
Bee. 7. No warrant shall be drawn
except upon an unexhausted specific
appropriation.
Sec. 8. The Super"'«ors may appro
priate thirty-six thousand dollars a
year for urgent necessities not other
wise provided for- i— law. No money
shall be paid out of this appropriation
unless authorized by a five-sixths vote
of all the members of the Board of
Supervisors and approved by the
Mayor.
Sec. 9. It shall not be lawful for the
Supervisors, or for any board, depart
ment, officer or authority having power
to incur, auth' rize or contract liabili
ties against the treasury, to Incur, au
thorize, allow, contract for, pay or ren
der payable In the present or future. In
any one month, any expenditure, de- ;
mand or demands, against any appro
priation, which, taken with all other
expenditures. Indebtedness or liability
made or incurred up to the time in
such month of making or incurring the
Fame, shall exceed one-twelfth part of
the amount of the appropriation for
the fiscal year.
When any board, department or offi
cer having ~ower to incur liabilities
against the treasury shall make any i
agreement for obtaining supplies or !
having labor performed, such depart
ment, officer or board shall register
euch agreement by number and date,
and nil demands ; arising under such
Agreement shall be payable In the or
der of such registration. Such depart
ment, board or officer must Inform the
person with whom It Is proposed to
make such agreement of the amount of
money available or likely + « *>« avail
able" In the fund from which such de
mands are pay a
•If, at the beginning of any month,
a money remains unexpended In any
appropriation which might, lawfully
have been expended during the pre
ceding month, such unexpended sum
or sums, except so much thereof as may
be required to pay all unpaid claims
upon such appropriation, may be car
ried forward and expended in any suc
ceeding month of such fiscal year: but
not afterward, except In payment of
claims lawfully incurred during such
fiscal year. Appropriations provider}
to meet the expense of elections; for
the support and maintenance of the
Assessor's nnd Tax Collector's depart
ments; find for urgent necessities.
Fhnll bo exempt from the provisions of
this section.
See. 10. No contracts made, the" ex
pense of whore execution Is not pro
vided by law or ordinance to be paid
by assessment* upon the property ben
efited, Pholi be binding or of any force
unless the Auditor shall Indorse there
on his certificate that. there remains
unexpended and unapplied as herein
provided, a balance of the appropria
tion or fund applicable thereto, suffi
cient to pp. the estimated expense of
executing such contract, as certified by
the borml or officer making the same
Thin provision shall not apply to work
done, or supplies furnished. Involving
the expenditure of* !.-•«<■ •' — > • — >>•.•,.-_
died and fifty dollars, unless the same
Is required by law to be done by con
tract nt public letting. The Aud
itor shall make such indorse
ment upon every puch contract; so
presented to him. If there remains un
applied and unexpended such amount
; so specified by the officer making the
! contract, and thereafter shall hold and
! retain such sum to pay the expense ln-
I curred until the contract shall be fully
i performed. The Auditor shall furnish
; weekly to the head of each department
! a statement of the unexpended bal
! ances of the appropriation for his de
partment.
Sec. 11. On or before the last Mon
day of June In each year the Super
: visors shall levy the amount of taxes
: for City and County purposes required
to be levied upon all property not cx
i empt from taxation. The amount shall
be sufficient to provide for the payment
during the fiscal year of all demands
upon the treasury authorized to be paid
out of the same; but such levy, exclu
sive of the State tax and the tax to pay
! the interest and maintain the sinking
1 funds of the bonded Indebtedness of the
I City and County, and exclusive of the
I tax to pay for the maintenance and
1 improvement of the parks, squares and
public grounds of the City and County,
Bhall not exceed the rate of one dollar
on each one hundred dollars' valuation
of the property assessed. The Super
visors In making the levy shall appor
tion the taxes to the several funds.
Sec. 12. In making the apportion
| ment. the Supervisors shall take Into
| account and apportion to the several
' funds the income and revenue esti
; mated to arise during the fiscal year
: from licenses, fees and other sources;
but the income to pay the Interest on
the bonded indebtedness and provide
for the sinking funds shall always be
provided for out of the tax on property.
Sec. 13. The limitation in section
eleven of this Chapter upon the rate of
taxation shall not apply in case of any
great necessity or emergency. In such
case the limitation may be temporarily
suspended so as to enable the Super
visors to provide for such necessity or
emergency. No Increase shall be made
in the rate of taxation authorized to be
i levied in any fiscal year, unless such mi
i crease be authorized by ordinance
! passed by the unanimous vote of the
i Supervisors and approved by the
Mayor. The character of such neces
sity or emergency shall be recited In
the ordinance authorizing such action,
and be entered In the Journal of the
1 Board.
Nothing in this section shall author
1 lze the Incurring of liabilities against
i the treasury not allowed by law, or
which cannot be paid out of the Income
and revenue provided, collected and paid
into the proper fund as its proportion
: of the same for such fiscal year, or per
mit liabilities or indebtedness incurred
In any one fiscal year to be a charge
upon or paid out of the income or reve
; nue of any other fiscal year.
Sec. 14. The Supervisors shall fix the
i amount of municipal revenues and pro
i vide for the collection thereof. They
shall from time to time provide for the
, payment of the interest and principal
!of the bonds for which the City and
County is liable.
Sec. 15. The Supervisors shall au
thorize the disbursement of all public
moneys, except as otherwise specifically
provided in this Charter.
Sec. 16. At the close of each fiscal
year, If all demands against each fund
have been paid or satisfied, and all dis
puted or contested demands finally ad
judicated, the Supervisors shall direct
the Treasurer to transfer all surplus
moneys to a fund to be called the
Surplus Fund, except such surplus
i moneys as are In the several interest
: and sinking funds, In the Common
1 School Fund, in the Park Fund, the Li
! hrary Fund, the Police Relief and Pen
j sion Fund, In the Firemen's Relief and
! Pension Fund, and In such other funds
the disposition of whose surplus moneys
'< is In this Charter otherwise provided
! for.
CHAPTER IL
The Several Funds.
SECTION 1. The Income and revenue
paid into the treasury shall be at once
apportioned to and kept in separate
funds. It shall not be lawful to trans
fer money from one fund to another or
to use the same in payment of de
mands upon another fund. The provi
sions of this section shall not apply to
fees paid into the treasury and placed
temporarily to the credit of the Unap
portioned Fee Fund under the provi
sions of Chapter 111 of this Article.
Sec. 2. The several funds In the
treasury authorized by law at the time
this Charter takes effect, or provided
for by this Charter, shall continue
therein so long as there shall be occa
sion therefor; and the moneys therein,
or %vhich may belong thereto, shall not
be used for any purpose other than that
for which the same were raised except
as otherwise provided in this Charter.
The General Fund shall consist of
moneys received into the treasury and
not specially appropriated to any other
fund.
The Park Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance,
preservation and improvement of the
parks, squares, avenues and public
grounds of the City and County; of all
moneys accruing from rents of build
ings under the jurisdiction of the fark
Commissioners; and of all moneyscom
ing into the hands of said Commission
ers whether from donations or other
wise. Out of said Fund shall be paid
all the expenses of every kind for the
preservation, maintenance and im
provement of the parks, squares, ave
nues and public grounds of the City
and County.
The Library Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance of
Library and Reading Rooms, and the
purchase of books therefor. Out of said
Fund shall be paid all the expenses
necessary to the maintenance of such
Library and Reading Rooms and the
purchase of books therefor.
Sec. 3. The Surplus Fund shall con
sist of the moneys remaining at the end
of any fiscal year in any other funds
(except the Common School Fund and
the other funds by this Charter other
wise expressly provided for) after all
valid demands, indebtedness and lia
bilities against said funds Incurred
within such fiscal year have been paid
and discharged; provided, that all dis
puted or contested claims payable out
of such funds have been finally adjudi
cated.
The Surplus Fund shall be used for
the purposes . nd In the order follow
ing:
1. In payment of any final judgment
against the City and County.
2. In liquidation and extinguish
ment, under such regulations as the
Supervisors may adopt, of any out
standing funded debt of the City and
County.
3. To be carried over and appor
tioned among the funds and used in
the ensuing fiscal year as part of the
income and revenue thereof.
Sec. 4. The Special Deposit Fund
shall consist of:
1. All moneys paid Into court and
deposited with the Treasurer by the
County Clerk.
2. All moneys received by the Pub
lic Administrator and deposited by him
with the Treasurer.
3. All mon - s deposited with the
Treasurer on special deposit.
The moneys In the Special Deposit
Fund shall' be paid out in the manner
prescribed by law.
Sec. 5. Except as otherwise provided
in this Charte- any moneys remaining
at the end of any fiscal yea:- in any in
terest and sinking fund or a fund pro
vided by a special bond issue for a
specific purpose, the Common School
Fund, the Park Fund, the Library
Fund, the Fir. :nen's Relief and Pen
sion Fund, Police Relief arid Pension
Fund, and the Public Building Fund
shall be carried forward and appor
tioned to said respective funds for the
ensuing fiscal year.
Sec. 6. Any demand against the
treasury or against any fund thereof
remaining unpaid at the end of the
fiscal year for lack of money applicable
to its payment, may be paid out of any
CHARTER FOR THE CITT AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
j money which may subsequently come
I into the proper fund from delinquent
j taxes or other uncollected income or
j revenue for such year. Such demands
shall be paid out of such dei.-.quent
revenue, when collected, in the order
, of their registration.
Sec. 7. When there shall be to the
credit of any sinking fund in the treas
ury a sum not less than twenty thou
sand dollars which may be applied to
the redemption of any outstanding
| bonds to which such fund .a applicable,
j which are not ;eueemable before their
j maturity, it shall be the duty of the
Mayor, Auditor and Treasurer to ad
vertise for thirty days, Inviting pro
posals for the surrender and redemp
tion of the bonds.
After such advertisement the money
In such Sinking Fund, or such portion
thereof as may be required therefor,
I shall be awarded to the person or per
! sons offering to surrender said bonds
for the lowest price. Upon such award.
when duly audited, the Treasurer shall,
upon the surrender of the bonds, pay
the amount to the person or persons to
whom the same was awarded. No bid
for the surrender of any of the bonds
shall be accepted, which shall require a
greater sum of money for their redemp
tion than the then worth of the princi
pal and Interest of the bonds, calculat
ed with interest, not exceeding four per
centum per annum.
CHAPTER IH.
The Custody of Public Moneys.
SECTION 1. All moneys arising from
taxes, licenses, fees, fines, penalties and
forfeitures, and all moneys which may
be collected or received by any officer of
the City and County or any department
thereof. In his official capacity, for the
performance of any official duty, and
all moneys accruing to the City and
County from any source, and all
moneys directed by law or this Char
ter to be paid or deposited in the
treasury, shall be paid into the treas
ury. All officers or persons collecting
or receiving such moneys must pay the
same into the treasury. No officer or
person other than the Treasurer shall
pay out or disburse such moneys, or
any part thereof, upon any allowance,
claim or demand.
Sec. 2. Salaried officers shall not re
ceive nor accept any fee, payment, or
compensation directly or indirectly, for
any services performed by them in
their official capacity, nor any fee, pay
ment, or compensation, for any official
service performed by any of their dep
uties, clerks, or employees, whether
performed during or after official busi
ness hours. No deputy, clerk, or em
ployee of such officers shall receive or
accept any fee, compensation or pay
ment, other than his salary as now or
hereafter fixed by law, for any work or
service performed by him of any offi
cial nature, or under color of office,
whether performed during or after offi
cial business hours.
Sec. 3. Every fee, commission, per
centage, allowance, or other compensa
tion authorized by law to be charged,
received, or collected by any officer for
any official service, must be paid by the
officer receiving the same to the Treas
urer in the manner herein provided.
Sec. 4. It shall be the duty of every
officer authorized by law to charge, re
ceive or collect any fee, commission,
percentage, allowance, or compensation
for the performance of any official serv
ice or duty of any kind or nature, or
rendered in any official capacity, or by
reason of any official duty or employ
ment, to deliver the same to the Treas
urer at the expiration of each business
day. The Treasurer shall thereupon
deliver to such officer a receipt for the
money so paid, which shall show the
amount of money received, the day and
hour when paid, the name of the officer
paying the same, the nature of the
service performed, and the name and
official designation of the person by
whom the service was performed: and
like entries shall be made upon the stub
of such receipt, which shall be kept by
the Treasurer. The Treasurer shall
place all such moneys in a fund to be
designated the "Unapportioned Fee
Fund," which is hereby created, and
shall keep such fund as other funds In
the treasury are kept, and shall be lia
ble on his official bond for all money so
received.
Sec. 5. The Auditor or other proper
officer must prepare and deliver from
time to time to the Treasurer, and to
every officer authorized by law to
charge any fee, commission, percent
age, allowance, or compensation, for
the performance of any official service
or duty, as many official receipts as
may be required, charging therewith
the Treasurer or other officer receiving
them. Such official receipts must be
bound Into books containing not less
than one hundred such receipts, and
numbered consecutively, beginning
with number one in each class required
for each officer for each fiscal year, and
provided with a stub corresponding In
number with receipt. When the books
containing receipts are exhausted by
the officer receiving them, he shall re
turn the stubs thereof to the Auditor or
other proper officer, in whose custody
they shall remain thereafter.
Sec. 6. When a receipt aa herein
provided la Issued by the Treasurer he
must state therein the date of pay
ment, the name of the person making
the payment, the amount of such pay
ment, the nature of the service f.or
which the charere is made, and the
name and official designation of the of
ficer performing the service, and shall
make corresponding entries on the stub
of each receipt.
Sec. 7. Wh^n any receipt Is Issued by
any officer other than the Treasurer as
herein provided, he shall state therein
the day and hour of the delivery to him
of the Treasurer's receipt, the nature of
the service therein described, and the
amount charged therefor, and the name
of the person by whom such receipt is
delivered to him. and shall make corre
sponding entries on the stub to which
such receipt Is attached.
Sec. S. On the first day of each
month the Treasurer must make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all mon
eys received by him during the preced
ing month, showing the date and num
ber of the receipt on which the money
was received, the amount of each pay
ment, by whom paid, the nature of the
service, and the name and official des
ignation of the officer performing the
service. At the same time, or oftener,
if required by the Auditor, the Treas
urer shall exhibit to the Auditor all of
ficial receipts received by him during
the previous month, and all official re
ceipts remaining In his hands, unused
or not Issued, at the close of business
on the last day of the preceding month.
Sec. 9. On the first day of each
month every officer authorized by law
to charge any fee, commission, per
centage, allowance or compensation,
must make to the Auditor a report
under oath of all official receipts Issued
by him during the preceding month,
showing the date and number of each
receipt, to whom issued, the nature of
the service for which the charge was
made, and the amount of such charge;
and must at the same time, or oftener',
if required, exhibit to. the Auditor, or
other proper officer, all the Treasurer's
receipts deposited with him during the
preceding month, and all receipts re
maining in his hands, unused or not
issued, at the close of business on the
last day of each preceding month.
Sec. 10. Upon receiving the reports
prescribed by sections eight and nine
of this Chapter, the Auditor shall exam
ine and settle the accounts of each offi
cer, and apportion such moneys to the
fund or funds to which they are appro
priated by law. and certify such appor
tionment to the Treasurer, who shall
thereupon transfer from the "Unappor
tloned Fee Fund" the amounts so certi
fied, and credit each fund entitled
thereto with the proper amount so ap
portioned.
Sec. 11. Every officer who is by law
allowed to charge and collect mileage
for the service of process, or other like
service, shall at the end of each month,
prepare and deliver to the Auditor a
statement showing each process served,
the title of the cauae, the name of the
deputy or other subordinate officer who
made the service, the number of miles
actually traveled in making such ser
vice, the exact day when such service
was made, and between what hours of
the day, and such statement shall be
verified by the oath of such officer. The
Auditor shall examine such statement,
and issue his warrant upon the Treas
urer for such amount of money as will
reimburse such .officer for his lawful
expenses in making such service. Such,
warrant shall be paid by the Treasurer,
without further approval, out of the
"Unapportioned Fee Fund." No extra
mileage shall be charged or allowed for
service of two or more processes served
on the same trip by the same deputy
ot deputies, except for extra mileage
actually traveled in serving additional
process. All mileage charged in viola
tion of this section shall be disallowed
by the Auditor, and all amounts disal
lowed for any reason shall be appor
tioned as other moneys in the "Unap
portioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 12. When an officer, legally au
thorized to employ a person other than
one of his deputies or assistants at a
stated compensation fixed by law, has
employed such person, and in pursu
ance of such employment such person
has rendered the service for which he
was employed, such officer shall, at the
end of each month, prepare and deliver
to the Auditor a statement verified by
the oath of such officer, showing the
case or instance in which such service
was performed, for whom performed,
the name of the person so employed, by
whom the service was performed,
the amount of the charge therefor, the
time actually employed in performing
such service, and the dates of the be
ginning and ending of the period during
which such person was so employed.
The Auditor shall thereupon examine
such statement, and if he finds the
same correct, he shall audit and allow
the verified demand of such person so
employed and performing the service
for the sum or sums so earned by him
for such service, and the Treasurer
shall pay such demand so audited and
allowed, without further approval, out
of the "Unapportioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 13. The demand of the Auditor
for his monthly salary shall be audited
and allowed by the Mayor. All other
demands on account of salaries fixed by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
made payable out of the treasury, may
be allowed by the Auditor without any
previous approval. All demands pay
able out of the Common School Fund
must, before they can be allowed or
paid, be previously approved by the
Board of Education. Demands pay
able out of the treasury for salaries,
wages, or compensation of deputies,
clerks, assistants, or employees, in any
office or department, must, before they
can be audited or paid, be first ap
proved in writing by the officer, board,
department or authority under whom,
or in which, such demand originated.
All other demands payable out of any
funds in the treasury, must, before they
can be allowed by the Auditor, or rec
ognized, or paid, be first approved by
the department, board or officer, in
which the same has originated, and in
all such cases must be approved by the
Supervisors.
Every demand against the City and
County shall, in addition to the other
entries and indorsements unon the
same required by this Charter, show:
1. The ordinance or authorization un
der which the same was allowed. 2.
The name of the board, department or
authority authorizing the same. 3.
The fiscal year within which the in
debtedness was incurred. 4. The ap
propriation provided to meet the de
mand. 5. The name of the specific
fund out of which the demand is pay
able. Each demand shall have written
or printed upon it a statement that the
same can only be paid out of the in
come and revenue provided, collect
ed and paid into the proper spe
cific fund in the treasury for the
fiscal year within which the indebted
ness was incurred, and shall refer to
Chapter II of this Article, and be num
bered with reference to the fund out
of which it is payable.
Sec. 14. Whenever any person has, or
has received, moneys or other personal
property belonging to the City and
County, or has been intrusted with the
collection, management or disburse
ment of any moneys, bonds, or interest
accruing therefrom, belonging to or
held in trust by the City and County,
and fails to render an account thereof
to, and make settlement with, the
Treasurer within the time prescribed
by law; or, when no particular time is
specified, fails to render such account
and make such settlement, or who fails
to pay into the treasury any moneys
belonging to the City and County upon
being requested to do so by the Audi
tor, within twenty days fter such
requisition, the Auditor must state an
account with such person, charging
twenty-five per centum damages, and
interest at the rate of ten per centum
per annum from the time of such fail
ure.
A copy of such account In any suit
therein 1 is prima facie evidence of the
things therein stated. In case the Au
ditor cannot for want of information
state an account, he may in any action
brought by him aver that fact, and al
lege generally the amount of money or
other property which is due to or which
belongs to the City and County. The
City Attorney must prosecute all ac
tions that may be brought under this
section within ten days after notifica
tion by the Auditor.
CHAPTEJt IV.
Payment of Claims.
SECTION 1. The salaries and com
pensation of all officers, including po
licemen and employes of all classes, and
all teachers in the public schools, and
others employed at fixed wages, shall
be payable monthly. Any demand upon
the treasury accruing under this
Charter shall not be paid, but shall be
forever barred by limitation of time,
unless the same be presented for pay
ment, properly audited, within one
month after such demand became due
and payable; or, if It be a demand
which must be passed and approved by
the Supervisors or Board of Education,
or by any other Board, then within one
month after the first regular meeting
of the proper board held next after the
demand accrued; or, unless the Super
visors shall, within six months after
the demand accrued as aforesaid, on a
careful examination of the facts, re
solve that the same is in all respects
just and legal, and the presentation
of it, as above required, was not in
the power either of the original party
interested or his agent, or the present
holder; In which case they may by or
dinance revive such claim; but it shall
be barred in the same manner unless
presented for payment within twenty
days thereafter. No valid demand aris
ing subsequent to the claim which may
be revived as aforesaid shall be ren
dered invalid by reason of such revival
exhausting the fund out of which sub
sequent claims might otherwise be
paid. Such revived claim shall take
rank as of the day of its revival.
ARTICLE IV.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER L
The Mayor.
SECTION 1. The chief executive offl
cer of the City and County shall be des
ignated the Mayor. He shall be an
elector of the City and County at the
lime of his election, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such time. He shall be
elected by the people and hold offi"
for two years. He shall receive an
annual salary of six thousand dolJaiE,.
He may appoint a Secretary who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
four hundred dollars; an usher who
shall receive an annual salary of nine
hundred dollars; and a stenographer
and typewriter who shall receive an
annual salary of nine hundred dollars.
All of said appointees shall hold their
positions at the pleasure of the Mayor.
Sec. 2. The Mayor shall vigilantly
observe the official conduct of all
public officers and the manner in
which they execute their duties and
fulfill their obligations. The books,
records and official papers of all depart
ments, officers and persons in the em
ploy of the City and County shall at all
times be open to his inspection and ex
amination. He shall take special care
that the books and records of all de
partments, boards, officers and persons
are kept in legal and proper form.
When any official defalcation or will
ful neglect of duty or official miscon
duct shall come to his knowledge, he
shall suspend the delinquent officer or
person from office pending an official in
vestigation.
The Mayor shall from time to time
recommend to the proper officers of
the different departments such meas
ures as he may deem beneficial to pub
lic interest. He shall see that the laws
of the State and ordinances of the City
and County are observed and enforced.
He shall have a general supervision
over all the departments and public
institutions of the City and County,
and see that they are honestly, eco
nomically and lawfully conducted, and
shall have the right to attend the meet
ings of any of the Boards provided for
in this Charter, and offer suggestions
at such meetings. He shall take all
proper measures for the preservation
of public order and the suppression of
all riots and tumults, for which pur
pose he may use and command the po
lice force. If such police force is in
' sufficient, he shall call upon the Gov
ernor for military aid in the manner
provided by law, bo that such riots or
tumults may be promptly and effectu
ally suppressed.
Sec. 3. The Mayor shall see that all
contracts and agreements with the City
and County are faithfully kept and
fully performed. It shall be the duty
of every officer and person in the em
ploy or service of the City and County,
when it shall come to his knowledge
that any contract or agreement with
the City and County, or with any offi
cer or department thereof, or relating
to the business of any office, has been
or is about to be violated by the other
contracting party, forthwith to report
to the Mayor all facts and Information
within his possession concerning such
matter. A willful failure to do so shall
be cause for the removal of such officer
or employee. The Mayor shall give a
certificate on demand to any person
reporting such facts and information
that he has done so, and such certifi
cate shall be evidence in exoneration
from a charge of neglect of duty.
The Mayor must institute such ac
tions or proceedings as may be neces
sary to revoke, cancel or annul all fran
chises that may have been granted by
the City and County to any person, com
pany or corporation which have been
forfeited in whole or in part or which
for any reason are illegal and void and
not binding upon the city. The City
Attorney on demand of the Mayor
must institute and prosecute the neces
sary actions to enforce the provisions
of this section.
The Mayor shall have power to post
pone final action on any franchise that
may be passed by the Supervisors until
such proposed franchise shall be rati
fied or rejected by a majority of the
votes cast on the question at the next
election. ■
Sec. 4. The Mayor chall appoint all
officers of the City and County whose
election or appointment is not other
wise specially provided for in this
Charter or by law. When a vacancy
occurs in any office, and provision is
not otherwise made in this Charter or
by law for filling the Bame, the Mayor
shall appoint a suitable person to fill
such vacancy, who shall hold office for
the remainder of the unexpired term.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be President
of the Board of Supervisors by virtue
of his office. He may call extra ses
sions of the Board and shall commu
nicate to them in writing the objects
for which they have been convened;
and their acts at such sessions shall
be confined to such objects.
Sec. 6. When and so long as the
Mayor is temporarily unable to per
form his duties, a member of the Board
shall be chosen President pro tempore,
who shall act as such Mayor. When a
vacancy occurs in the office of Mayor,
it shall be filled for the unexpired term
by the Supervisors.
CHAPTER JX
The Auditor.
SECTION 1. The head of the Finance
Department of the City and County
shall be designated the Auditor. He
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
must have been such for at least five
years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars. The Auditor must always know
the exact condition of the treasury and
every demand upon it. He shall be in
personal attendance at his office daily
during office hours. He shall be the
general accountant of the City and
County, and shall receive and preserve
in his office all accounts, books,
vouchers, documents and papers relat
ing to the accounts and contracts of
the City and County, its debts, reve
nues and other financial affairs. He
shall give information as to the exact
condition of the treasury and of every
appropriation and fund thereof, upon
demand of the Mayor, the Supervisors,
or any committee or members thereof.
Sec. 2. The Auditor shall appoint a
Deputy Auditor, who shall possess the
qualifications required of the Auditor,
and who shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars. The
Auditor may also appoint two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars, and two clerks who shall each re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars. He may employ such
number of extra clerks during the time
their services may be necessary for the
lawful discharge of his official duties,
as the Board of Supervisors may des
ignate. Such extra clerks shall receive
a salary not to exceed one hundred dol
lars a month for the time they shall be
actually employed. The Auditor shall
be allowed to expend not exceeding
eighteen hundred dollars a year for
counsel and attorney's fees.
Sec. 3. The Auditor shall keep an ac
count of all moneys paid into and out
of the treasury, and the Treasurer shall
pay no money out of the treasury ex
cept upon demands approved by the
Auditor. Any ordinance or law provid
ing for the payment of any demand out
of the treasury or any fund thereof
(whether from public funds or from pri
vate funds deposited therein) shall al
ways be construed as requiring the au
diting of such demand by the Auditor
before the same be paid.
Sec. 4. He shall number and keep an
official record of all demands audited by
him, showing the number, date,
amount, name of the original holder,
on what account allowed, against what
appropriation drawn, out of what fund
payable, and, if previously approved
or allowed, by what officer, department
or board it has been so approved or al
lowed. It shall be misconduct in office
for the Auditor to deliver a demand
with his official approval until this re
quirement shall have been complied
with.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall approve no
demand unless the same has been al
lowed by every officer, board, depart
ment and committee required to act
thereon.
Sec. 6. No demand shall be allowed
by the Auditor in favor of any corpora
tion or person in any manner indebted
to the City and County, except for
taxes not delinquent, without first de
ducting the amount of any indebted
ness of which he has notice; nor in fa
vor of any person having the collection,
custody or disbursement of public
funds, unless his account has been pre
sented, passed, approved and allowed
as herein required; nor in favor of any
officer who has neglected to make his
official returns or reports in the man
ner and at the time required by law,
ordinance, or the regulations of the Su
pervisors; nor in favor of any officer
who has neglected or refused to
comply with any of the provisions of
law regulating his duties, nor in favor
of any officer or employee for the time
he shall have absented himself without
legal cause from the duties of his office
during office hours. The Auditor must
always examine on oath any person re
ceiving a salary from the City and
County touching such absence.
The Auditor may require any person
presenting for settlement an account or
claim for any cause against the City
and County to be sworn before him
touching such account or claim, and
when so sworn, to answer orally as to
any facts relative to the justice of such
account or claim. Moneys placed in
the Special Deposit Fund shall not be
subject to the provisions of this sec
tion.
Sec. 7. Every demand upon the
Treasurer, except the salary of the Au
ditor, must, before It can be paid, be
presented to the Auditor, who shall sat
isfy himself whether the money is le
gally due, and its payment authorized
by law, and against what appropriation
payable and out of what fund it is pay
able. If he allow it, he shall endorse
upon it the word "Allowed," with the
name of the fund out of which It is
payable, and the date of such allow
ance, and sign his name thereto. No
demand shall be approved, allowed, au
dited or paid unless it specify each spe
cial item, date and amount composing
it, and refer by chapter and section to
the provisions of this Charter authoriz
ing the same.
Sec. 8. The Auditor shall keep a reg
ister of warrants, showing the funds
upon which they are drawn, the num
ber, in whose favor, for what service,
the appropriation applicable to the pay
ment thereof, when the liability ac
crued, and a receipt from the person
to whom the warrant is delivered. He
shall not allow any demand out of its
order, nor give priority to one demand
over another drawn upon the same spe
cific fund, except for the purpose of de
termining its legality.
CHAPTER IH. j
The Treasurer.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Treas
urer of the City and County, who shall
be an elector of the City and County
at the time of his election and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such time. He shall
be elected by the people, and hold his
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be In full compensa
ticn for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars, two assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual sal
ary of eighteen hundred dollars and
one clerk who shall receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Treasurer shall receive
and safely keep all moneys which shall
be paid into the treasury. He shall not
lend, exchange, use, nor deposit the
same, or any part thereof, to or with
any bank, banker or person; nor pay
out any part of such moneys, nor allow
the same to pass out of his personal
custody, except upon demands author
ized by law or this Charter, and after
they shall have been approved by the
Auditor. At the close of business each
day he shall take an account of and en
ter in the proper book the exact amount
of money on hand. At the end of every
month he shall make and file with the
Mayor and publish quarterly in the offi
cial newspaper a statement of the con
dition of the treasury, showing the
amount of receipts into and pay
ments from the treasury, and
on what account, and out of
what fund. If he violate any of the
provisions of this section, he shall be
guilty of misconduct in office, and be
liable to removal therefrom, and be pro
ceeded against accordingly.
He shall keep the accounts belonging
to each fund separate and distinct, and
shall in no case pay demands chargea
ble against one fund out of moneys be
longing to another. He shall be in per
sonal attendance at his office each day
during office hours. No fees of any
kind shall be retained by him, but the
same, from whatsoever source received
or derived, shall be paid by him into
the treasury.
Sec. 3. For the better security of the
moneys In the treasury, there shall be
provided a joint custody safe in which
shall be kept the moneys of the City
and County. Said safe shall have two
combination locks, neither one of
which alone will open the safe. The
Treasurer shall have the knowledge
of one combination and the Auditor of
the other. The Auditor shall be joint
custodian with the Treasurer of all
funds in the joint custody safe; but
shall have no control over them except
to open and close the safe In conjunc
tion with the Treasurer, when request
ed fo do so in his official capacity, and
shall not be held responsible on his of
cial bond for any shortage which may
occur in the treasury.
The gold shall be kept in bags con
taining twenty thousand dollars each,
and the silver in bags containing one
thousand dollars each. To each bag
shall be attached a tag showing the
nature and amount of coin contained
herein. Each bag shall be sealed with
the seal of each custodian.
There shall be kept in the safe a joint
custody book, showing the amount and
description of all funds in the safe,
and whenever any amounts are with
drawn, the Auditor and Treasurer shall
make the proper entry in the joint cus
tody book and initial the same. If on
account of sickness or urgent necessity
the Auditor '- unavoidably absent the
Deputy Auditor shall perform his du
ties. The estimated amount of money
required daily for the payment of de
mands against the treasury shall be
taken from the joint custody safe and
kept in another safe; and the money
therein shall be balanced daily at the
close of business hours.
Sec. 4. The Treasurer, on receiving
any money into the treasury, shall
make out and sign two receipts for the
money. Such receipts shall be alike,
except upon the face of one of them
shall appear the word "Original," and
upon the face of the other shall appear
the word "Duplicate." Such receipts
shall be numbered and dated, and shall
specify the amount, on what account
and from what person or officer re
ceived, and into "hat fund or on what
account paid. The Treasurer shall en
ter upon the stubs of such receipts a
memorandum of the contents thereof,
and deliver the receipt marked "Orig
inal" to the person or officer paying
such money into the treasury, and
forthwith deliver the receipt marked
"Duplicate" to the Auditor, who shall
write upon its face the date of its de
livery to him, and charge the Treas
urer with the amount specified there
in, and file the receipt in his office.
Sec. 5. No demand shall be paid by
the Treasurer unless it specify each
several item, date and amount compos
ing it, and refer by title, date and
section to the law, or ordinance or pro
vision of this Charter authorizing the
same; but the allowance or approval of
the Auditor, or of the Supervisors, or
of any department, board or officer, of
any demand which Is not authorized
by law or this Charter, and which upon
Its face appears not to have been ex
pressly made payable out of the funds
to be charged therewith, shall afford no
warrant to the Treasurer for paying
the same.
Sec. 6. Ever" lawful demand upon
the treasury, audited and allowed as in
this Charter required, shall in all cases
be paid unon presentation, if there be
sufficient money In the treasury ap
plicable to the payment of such de
mand, and on ~"'-ment canceled with
a punch, cutting the word "Canceled"
therein, and the proper entry thereof
made. If, however, there be not suffi
cient money so applicable, then it shall
be registered in a book kept for that
purpose by the Treasurer. Such regis
ter shall show the special number given
by the Supervisors or other authority,
and also by the Auditor to each de
mand presented, ' also when presented,
the date, amount, : name of orisrinar
holder, and on what account - allowed
and against what appropriation drawn
and out of what specific fund payable.
' All demands shall be paid in the order
i of :. their registration. Each demand
; upon being' so r registered shall be re-
I turned to the party presenting it, with
! the endorsement of the word "Register
j ed," and dated and signed by the
; Treasurer; ; but the registration of any
I demand shall not operate to recognize
or make valid such demand if incurred
contrary to any ; of the provisions of
| this Charter. - - -■ ■
CHAPTER IV.
I
The Assessor. :
SECTION 1. There shall be an As
j sessor of the City and County, who
• shall be an elector of the City and
I County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. He
; shall be elected by the people and hold
- office for four years. He shall receive
j an annual salary of four thousand dol
! lars, which shall be in full compensa
i tion for all his services. He may ap
| point a chief deputy, who shall receive
| an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars;. one cashier who shall re
; ceive an annual - salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; six assistant deputies
j who shall each receive an annual sal
! ary of eighteen hundred dollars; twen
j ty-one clerks who shall each receive
lan annual salary of ' twelve hundred
; dollars; and during four months of the
j year not more than one hundred clerks
| who shall each be paid at the rate of
not more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their employ
ment.
Sec. 2. The Assessor shall assess all
taxable property within the City and
County at the time and In the manner
prescribed by the general laws of the
State. ■■_____ '4"~ r -T • •
CHAPTER V. / V i
i'
The Tax Collector. -
SECTION 1. There shall be a Tax
Collector of the City and Coumty, who
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. He ;
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may appoint
one chief deputy, who shall receive an
annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars; one cashier who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun- '
dred dollars; fifteen deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars, and extra clerks who
shall each be paid at the rate of not
more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their em
ployment, but the total amount of
payment for such extra clerks shall
not exceed thirty-six thousand dollars
a year.
Sec. 2. The Tax Collector must col
lect all licenses which may at any. time
be required by law or ordinance to be
collected within the City and County.
He shall be charged with all taxes lev
ied upon real and personal property
within the City and County, upon the
final settlement to be made by him ac
cording to law, or this Charter. He
shall pay into the treasury, without
any deduction for commissions, fees or
charges of any kind or on any ac
count, the full amount of all taxes, as
sessments and moneys received by him.
and not previously paid aver, includ
ing all moneys paid under protest, and
money received for taxes paid more
than once, and for street assessments.
He shall also be charged with, and be
debtor to the City and County for, the
full amount of all taxes due upon the
delinquent tax list delivered to him for
collection,. unless it appear to the satis
faction of the Supervisors expressed by
resolution, that it was out of his power
to collect the same by levy and sale of
property liable to be seized and sold
I therefor. : ;
Sec. 3. The Tax Collector may ap
point an attorney to prosecute actions
for the collection of delinquent taxes,
and may agree on paying him as com
pensation therefor a stated percentage
out of the amounts recovered; but such
percentage shall in no case exceed fif
teen per centum of the amounts re
covered.
Sec. 4. He shall examine all persons
liable to pay licenses, and see that
licenses are taken out and paid for. In
the performance of their official duties,
he and his deputies shall have the
same powers as police officers in serv
ing process and In making arrests. He
may demand the exhibition of any
license for the current term from ' any
person , firm or corporation engaged or
employed In the transaction of any
business for which a license Is re
quired; and if such person, firm or
corporation shall refuse . or neglect to
exhibit such license, the same may be
revoked forthwith by the Tax Collec
tor. .:
Sec. 6. The Auditor shall from time
to time deliver to the Tax Collector
such City and County licenses as may
be required, and sign the same and
charge them to the Tax Collector, spec
ifying in the charge the amounts
thereof named in such licenses respec
tively and the class of licenses, and
take receipts therefor, and the Tax
Collector i shall sign and collect the
same. The Tax Collector shall once in
every month, • and of tener • when re
quired by the Auditor, make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all
licenses sold and on hand, and of ; all
amounts paid 'to the Treasurer, and
shall also in . that regard comply with
the regulations which may '■ be pre
scribed by the Supervisors. At the time
of making . such report, the Tax Collec
tor shall exhibit to the , Auditor all
licenses : on hand and the Treasurer's
receipts for «J1 moneys paid into the
treasury. "."-. . C ■-•■':,■:
CHAPTER VX. ,
- »
V; : The : Coroner.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Coro
ner of the City and County, who shall be
an elector of the City and County at
the ! time of his election,' and who must
have been such for at - least five years
next preceding such election. He shall
be elected by the people and hold office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual ; salary of * four ' thousand dollars.
He shall i perform such < duties as may
be prescribed by law or ordinance. He
shall ■ have the control and - manage
ment of the Morgue of the City and
County '. under such ordinances as the
Supervisors may adopt.
Sec. , 2. He may appoint an autopsy
physician who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars;
a chi (t deputy, who shall receive an an
nual .alary of twenty-four hundred dol
lars; three assistant deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars; a stenographer and
typewriter who shall receive an annual ;
salary of eighteen hundred dollars; and
a messenger who shall receive an an
nual salary of nine hundred dollars.
CHAPTER VII. . ' ]
The Recorder.
1: SECTION 1. There shall be a Re
corder of the City and County,
who :■ shall be an elector* of the
City and County at the time of
his election i and who must have
been such for : at least ■ five years I next ;
preceding such .; election. He ; shall v be .
elected by the ; people and- hoid ; office;
for two years. v- He shall receive an an
nual ' salary of ; thirty-six * hundred ■■ dol
lars. He may appoint a Chief Deputy, :
who ; shall receive 'an ' annual salary fof
eighteen ';: hundred • dollars two .'■ assist
ant deputies who shall * each receive an
annual : salary; of [ fifteen ? hundred i dol
lars. •„ He may also . appoint as • many
copyists as j he ' may deem necessary, ;
who ; shall receive! not more than eight E
cents : for each : one \ hundred ; words ; ac- *
tually written; \ but no - copyist ■ shall :- be '■'
paid -y a greater compensation ' at ! this -
rate than amounts in the aggregate to
one hundred dollars a 1 month. • ~ f '
; Sec. 2. The Recorder shall take intohis custody and safely keep all books,
records, maps and papers deposited in
his office. Upon demand and payment
of the fees prescribed therefor by law
or by ordinance, he must furnish to
any one applying therefor a copy of
any such book, record, map or paper,
certified under the hand and seal of hi 9
office. When any papers are presented
for filing or recording, he or his depu
ties shall write on the margin of each
paper so presented the number of folios,
the amount pa.v for recording the
same, and shail number consecutively
all instruments and documents filed in
his office. He shall also perform all
other duties at the time and in the
manner prescribed by the general laws
of the State.
ARTICLE V.
LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Superior Court Judges.
SECTION 1. The Judges of the Su
perior Court of the City an- County
may appoint not to exceed five inter
preters of foreign languages, who shall
act as such interpreters in criminal ac
tions anu proceedings in all the courts
In the City and County, and in exam
inations before Coroner's juries.
Sec. -. The stenographers in the
Criminal Departments of the Superior
Court shall ea~h receive an annua'
salary not exceeding twenty-four hun
dred dollars which shall be in full
compensation for all services including
transcription and all stationery used
by them. .
CHAPTER 11.
The City Attorney.
SECTION 1. There shall be anAttor
ney and Counselor of the City and
County, who shall be styled City At
torney, and •vw.o shall receive an an
nual salary of live thousand dollars.
He shall be elected by the people and
ehall hold office for the period of two
years. He must be -t the time of his
election an elector of the City and
County and qualified to practice in all
the courts of this State, and he must
have been so qualified for at least ten
years next preceding his election, dur
ing five years of which he must have
been an actual resident of the City and
County. He sha- devote his entire time
and attention to the duties of his office.
Sec. 2. He must prosecute and de
fend for the City and County all ac
tlcwiß at law or in equity, and all spe
cial proceedings for or against th.c. City
and County; and whenever any cause
of action at law or In equity or by spe
cial proceedin ~ exists in favor of the
City and County, he shall commence
the same when within his knowledge,
and if not within his knowledge, when
directed to do so by resolution of the
Supervisors. He shall give legal ad
vice, in writing, to all officers, boards
and commissions named in this Char
ter, when requested so to do by them,
or either of them, in writing, upon
questions arising in tneir separate de
partments involving the rights or lia
bilities of the Cit • and County. He
shall not settle or dismiss any litiga
tion for or against the City and County
under his control unless upon his writ
ten recommendation he is ordered to
do so b - the Mayor and Supervisors.
Seo. 3. He shall keep on file in his
office all written communications and
opinions given by him to any officer,
board or department: the briefs and
transcripts used in causes wherein he
appears; and bound books of record
and registry of all actions or proceed
ings in his charge in which the City
and County is Interested.
Sec. 4. He ihall deliver all books
and records, reports, documents, pa
pers, statutes, law books and property
of every description in his possession,
belonging to his office, or to the City
and Count>". to his successor In office,
who shall "ive him duplicate receipts
therefor, one of which he shall file
with the Auditor.
Sec. 5. The City Attorney may ap
point four assistants, the first of whom
Fhall receive an annual salary of
thirty-six hundred dollars: the second
an annual salary of three thousand
dollars; the third an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars, and the
fourth an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. He may also appoint
a chief clerk, wh. shall receive an an
nual salary of eighteen hundred dol
lars; an assistant clerk who shall re
ceive an annual salary of nine hundred
dollars; a stenographer and typewriter
"who shall receive an annual salary of
nine hundred dollars; and a messen
ger who shall receive an annual salary
of nine hundred dollars. An officer of
the Police Department shall be perma
nently detailed by the Chief of Police
for the purpose of doing the detective
■work necessary in preparing and
prosecuting the litigation of the office,
who shall continue to serve on such de
tail during the pleasure of the City At
torney. The assistants and the chief
clerk must each, at the time of his ap
pointment, be qualified to practice in
all the courts of this State, and must
have been m qualified at least two
years next preceding his appointment.
The assistants, clerks, typewriter and
messenger shall be appointed by the
City Attorney, and shall hold their
offices at his pleasure, and the specific
duties of each shall be prescribed by
blm.
CHAPTEB m.
The District Attorney.
SECTION 1. The District Attorney
shall be elected by the people and shall
hold office for two years. He shall be
an elector of the City and County and
must at the time of his election be
qualified to practice in all the courts
of this State, and must have been so
qualified for i_t least five years next
preceding his election. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of five thou
sand dollars.
Sec. 2. The District Attorney shall
have all the powers conferred, and
Bhall discharge all the duties imnosed
upon, the District Attorneys of coun
ties by the general laws of this State,
and In addition thereto shall attend. In
stitute and conduct on behalf of the
people, all prosecutions cognizable In
the Police Court of the City and
County. He shall draw all complaints
and warrants In said Police Court,
prosecute all forfeited recognizances
therein, and all actions for the recovery
of fines, penalties, and forfeitures ac
cruing to the City and County; deliver
receipts for money or property received
In his official capacity, and file dupli
cates therefor with the County Treas
urer: file with the Auditor on the first
Mondays of January. April, July and
October in each year, an itemized
statement under oath showing all
moneys received by him in his official
capacity durlr- the preceding three
months: keep a register of his official
■business In which must be entered a
note of every action, whether criminal
or civil, prosecuted officially by him.
and of the .proceeding* therein; and
give, when required, without fee. ad
vice to the Board of Police Commis
sioners, the Chipf of Police, the Board
of Health and the Coroner, upon mat
ters relating to the duties of their re
spective offices.
Sec. 3. He may appoint seven A Mut
ant District Attorneys to aid him In the
discharge of his official duties, three of
whom shall act as prosecutors In the
Superior Court, and ph 11 each receive
an annual salary of thirty-Fix hundred
dollars, and four of whom shall net as
the prosecuting attorneys of the Police
Court, and shall each receive an annual
p*»lnry of twenty-four hundred dollars.
"When any of the assistants of the Dis
trict Attorney acting as such prosecut
ing attorneys In the: Police Court are
not actually engagpd In work connected
with prosecutions therein, they shall be
at the call of the District Attorney for
any f>er«-Ice connected with his depart
ment. The assistants must-each, nt the
time of his nr.pn'ntment. be a'mlln>d to
practice In all the, courts of. this State.
pr.(l must have been ho qualified for at
?e-«t two ye->r n**Tt preceding his ap
pointment. The District Attorney may
«Jao aoDolnt one chief clerk, who shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; one assistant clerk,
who shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars; and one sten
ographer and typewriter who shall re
ceive an annual salary of nine hundred
dollars.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney may, in
the name of the City and County, bid
for and purchase property at execution
sales under judgments for the recovery
of fines, penalties or forfeitures accru
ing to the City and County.
CHAPTER IV.
The Public Administrator.
SECTION 1. The Public Administra
tor shall be elected by the people, and
he shall hold office for two years. He
shall have all the powers conferred, and
shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the Public Administrators of
counties by the general laws of this
State, except as In this Charter other
wise specifically provided. He shall be
entitled to all such fees as may be al
lowed by law to the Public Administra
tors of the counties of the State in full
compensation for all his services.
CHAPTEB V.
The County Clerk.
SECTION 1. The County Clerk shall
be elected by the people and shall hold
office for two years. He shall have all
the powers conferred, and shall dis
charge all the duties imposed upon, the
County Clerks of counties by the gen
eral laws of this State, and in addition
thereto shall attend and act as Clerk of
the Police Court, keep the dockets and
registers thereof, and take charge of
and safely keep all books, papers and
records which may be tiled or deposited
in his office pertaining to the Police
Court. He shall receive an annual sal
ary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. To aid him in the discharge of
his official duties, the County Clerk
may appoint a Chief Register Clerk,
who shall receive an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars; a Cash
ier, who shall receive an annual salary
of eighteen hundred dollars; twelve
Courtroom Clerks for the Superior
Court who shall each receive an an
nual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars; five Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; ten As
sistant Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars; sixteen Copy
ists, who shall each receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars; and
four Clerks for the Police Court, who
shall each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. For copies of papers furnish
ed and certified by him, he shall charge
not more than eight cents for each one
hundred words. For certifying copies,
which are not prepared by him, he
shall be entitled to charge twenty-five
cents, and also forty cents an hour for
the time exceeding one hour necessarily
occupied in comparing such copies. He
must certify all papers presented to
him which are copies of any document,
paper or record, or portions thereof, in
his custody.
CHAPTER VL
The Sheriff.
SECTION 1. The Sheriff shall be
elected by the people, and he shall hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of eight thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all official services required of
him by law; but said salary shall be
exclusive of the compensation received
by him from the State for the delivery
of prisoners to the State prisons, and
insane persons to the State asylums for
the insane. He shall have all the pow
ers conferred, and shall discharge all
the duties imposed upon, the Sheriffs
of counties by the general laws of this
State.
Sec. 2. He may appoint the follow
ing deputies and employees, who shall
each respectively receive the following
annual salaries:
One Under Sheriff, twenty-four hun
dred dollars; one Attorney, eighteen
hundred dollars; one Chief Bookkeeper,
eighteen hundred dollars; two Assistant
Bookkeepers, fifteen hundred dollars;
ten Office Deputies, fifteen hundred dol
lars; fourteen Bailiffs, twelve hundred
dollars; one Chief Jailer at Branch Jail
Number One, eighteen hundred dollars;
ten Jailers at Branch Jail Number One,
twelve hundred dollars; one Superin
tendent of Branch Jails Numbers Two
and Three, eighteen hundred dollars;
sixteen Guards at Branch Jail Number
Two. six hundred dollars; one Matron
at Branch Jail Number Three, nine
hundred dollars: six Guards at Branch
Jail Number Three, six hundred dol
lars; one Commissary to act for all
jails, fifteen hundred dollars; one
Driver of Van, nine hundred dollars;
and one Bookkeeper, for all said Branch
Jails, fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Sheriff may designate the
services to be performed by his depu
ties. .
CHAPTER VII.
The Justices' Courts.
SECTION 1. The Justices of the
Peace shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars,
except the Presiding Justice, who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
seven hundred dollars. They shall ap
point a Chief Clerk who shall hold
office for two years and receive an an
nual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars. The Chief Clerk may appoint
five Deputies, each of whom shall re
ceive an annual 6aJary of twelve hun
dred dollars.
CHAPTER VIII.
The Police Court.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
and established in and for the City and
County of San Francisco a Court to be
known as the Police Court of the City
and County of San Francisco. Said
Court shall consist of four Judges, who
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. They shall each
receive an annual salary of thirty-six
hundred dollars. They shall be electors
of the City and County at the time of
their election, and must have been such
for at least five years next preceding
such time. No person shall be eligible
to the office of Judge of the Police
Court who is not at the time of his elec
tion qualified to practice in all the
Courts of this State, and who has not
been so qualified for at least five years
next preceding his election. The Court
shall be divided Into departments
known as Department Number One,
Department Number Two, Depart
ment Number Three and Department
Number Four. The Judges of such
Court may hold as many sessions of the
Court at the same time as there are
Judges thereof. The Judges who shall
be elected at the first election under
this Charter shall so classify them
selves by lot that two of them shall go
out of office in two years and two of
them in four years.
They shall choose from their number a
Presiding Judge who shall serve for one
year. The Presiding Judge shall as
sign the Judges to their respective de
partments; but any of the Judges may
preside in any of the departments in
the absence or Inability of the Judge
regularly assigned thereto.
The Judgments, orders and proceed
ings of any session of the Court held by
any one or more of the Judges shall be
equally effectual as if all the Judges
had presided at such session.
Sec. 2. The Police Court of the City
and County of San Francisco shall
have:
First— Exclusive Jurisdiction of aJI
prosecutions for the violation of or
dinances of the Board of Supervisors
Second— Concurrent jurisdiction with
the Superior Court of all other misde
meanors and of the examination of all
felonies committed in the City and
County.
Third— Said Court, or any Judge
thereof, shall have the same powers in
all criminal actions, cases, examina
tions and proceedings is are now or
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
may hereafter be conferred by law
upon Justices of the Peace.
Sec. 3. Proceedings In said Court
shall be conducted in accordance with
the laws of this State regulating pro
ceedings in Justices' and Police Courts
and appeals to the Superior Court; and
said Court or any Judge thereof shall
have the same power in all criminal
actions, cases and proceedings as are
now or may be hereafter conferred by
the general law of this State upon Jus
tices of the Peace; provided, that:
First— No case shall be dismissed or
fine imposed until the testimony for the
prosecution shall be taken.
Second— Any defendant who neglects
to file his statement on appeal within
ten days after sentence shall lose his
right to appeal, unless good cause for
the delay be shown by affidavit. Press
of business on the part of defendant's
attorney shall not be deemed good
cause for delay. Unless the District
Attorney shall file amendments to the
proposed statement on appeal within
five days after the same shall have
been filed and served, the proposed
statement on appeal shall be the state
ment on appeal. The Judge before
whom the case was tried shall settle
the statement on appeal within five
days after the District Attorney shall
have filed his amendments to the pro
posed statement.
Third — Any person who Bhall solicit
or importune any of said Judges, either
before or after judgment, to dismiss a
case, or mitigate a sentence, unless the
same be done in open court, shall be
guilty of a contempt of court.
Fourth — A complaint may be demur
red to on the ground that it does not
set forth the offense charged with such
particularities of time, place, person
and property as to enable the defend
ant to understand distinctly the char
acter of the offense complained of, and
the complaint may be amended by per
mission of the Court after a demurrer
is sustained.
Fifth— A defendant in custody shall
have the right to be tried before a de
fendant on bail, and felonies shall be
heard before misdemeanors.
Sixth— The Judges of said Court shall
try all cases as speedily as possible,
and must refuse continuances after the
first calling of a case for trial except
upon affidavit showing good cause
therefor.
Seventh— Other than lawfully author
ized surety companies, no person shall
be eligible to be a bondsman for any
defendant on trial In the Police Court,
or on appeal from a judgment therein,
except he take an oath that the prop
erty specified In the undertaking is in
the City and County of San Francisco,
and that he is worth the amount spe
cified exclusive of property exempt
from execution, and exclusive of all de
mands for which he may become liable
by reascn of the forfeiture of any ap
peal or bail bonds for which he is
surety.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney, either
in person or by his Assistants, must be
present at the sessions of the Court and
attend to the prosecution of all cases
coming before it, and make out all
complaints and warrants for the arrest
of persons charged with crime to be
prosecuted in said court.
Sec. 5. The District Attorney shall
appoint a Warrant and Bond Clerk
who shall receive a salary of twenty
four hundred dollars a year, and three
Assistant Warrant and Bond Clerks,
each of whom shall receive a salary of
fifteen hundred dollars a year. No
person shall be appointed a "Warrant
and Bond Clerk who is not at the time
of his appointment qualified to practice
in all the Courts of this State. The
Warrant and Bond Clerk shall ke»p his
offce open continuously night and day
for the transaction of business: shall
draw complaints in actions in. the Po
lice Court, and approve the same with
his written signature; shall have the
custody of all bail bonds and appeal
bonds taken in the Police Court; shall
examine the sufficiency of every bail
bond and appeal bond taken In the Po
lice Court and make a return thereon,
within forty-eight hours after such
bond shall have come into his posses
sion, in the following form:
"I Warrant and Bond
Clerk of the City and County of San
Francisco, have examined the within
bond and find It good in law. I have
examined the records of the City and
County of San Francisco, and find the
property, its owners and incumbrances
herein described, to be correct accord
ing to said records. (Signed
Warrant and Bond Clerk.)"
The Warrant and Bond Clerk shall
endorse upon the bond the time when
it was issued by him. or when it came
into his possession. He may issue bail
bonds and appeal bonds when the lia
bility thereof does not exceed two thou
sand dollars, and order the discharge
from custody of the persons for whom
the bonds are issued; and he may take
cash bail to the extent in any one case
of one thousand dollars. He must ac
count for and pay to the Treasurer all
moneys received as bail In the manner
that the County Clerk is required by
law to account for and pay moneys re
ceived as fees. No clerk of the Police
Court shall ever take bail or order the
release of any one charged with an of
fense.
Sec. 6. In the matter of fixing ball
and ordering the release of prisoners
the Warrant and Bond Clerk shall be
subject to the Judges of the Police
Court, and any violation of a valid
order of any of said Judges shall be a
contempt of Court
Sec. 7. For any failure to keep the
office of the Warrant and Bond Clerk
open continuously he shall be imme
diately removed from office by the Dis
trict Attorney or by the Mayor.
Sec. 8. It shall be a misdemeanor for
any person oth<=T than a Judge of some
Court in the City and County, or other
than said Warrant and Bond Clerk, to
receive bail money for defendants or to
order their discharge.
Sec. 9. All demurrers to complaints,
notices of motion, statements and bills
of exception on appeal to the Superior
Court, must be served upon the Assist
ant District Attorney acting In the De
partment of the Court In which the
case is set for hearing, or heard or
tried.
Sec. 10. The County Clerk shall be the
Clerk of the Police Court, and he must
be present either In person or by deputy
at all sessions of the Court in the de
partments thereof; call the daily calen
dar of the departments, and keep full
and complete records of all cases In the
Court and the disposition made thereof
by the Court.
Sec. 11. The Police Judges may ap
point not more than two competent
stenographers who shall attend the
sessions of the Court and take notes
of all preliminary examinations made
at the sessions, and transcribe into
type-written long hand all evidence
taken by either of them where the par
ties charged have been held for trial,
and deliver one copy of the same to the
Clerk and one copy to the District At
torney. Each of such stenographers
shall be paid for all his services, In
cluding transcription and all sta
tionery used by him. an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.'
Sec. 12. The Mayor may in writing ap
point any Justice of the Peace to act as
Judge c-f the Police Court, or any de
partment thereof, during the tempor
ary absence or inability of the Judge to
act.
Sec. 13. The Chief of Police shall
cause to be made out and delivered to
each of the Clerks of the Court at or
before nine o'clock in the forenoon of
each day a calendar of arrests in
which the cases shall have been as
signed to the departments of the Court
in accordance with the rules and regu
lations established by the Police
Judges. The calendar shall state "the
offense charged;" whether the defend
ant Is "in custody" or "on ball;" "the
amount of bail;" "whether cash or
bond," and "the name of the arresting
officer."
Sec. 14. The Chief of Police shall ap
point one or more Police Officers to at
tend the sessions of the Police Court
in each department thereof to pre
serve order and execute the orders of
the Court
Sec. 15. The Police Judges shall
adopt all necessary rules and regula
tions for conducting the business of
the Court.
Sec, 16. No attorney shall appear in
said Court to prosecute or defend per
sons charged with offenses unless at
the time of his appearance he be quali
fied to practice law in all the courts of
this State.
Sea 17. The term of office of the Po
lice Judges elected at ttie general elec
tion held in the year eighteen hundred
and ninety-eight shall terminate at the
hour of noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January in the year
nineteen hundred, and they shall at
said time be succeeded by the Police
Judges provided for in this Chapter:
and all proceedings pending in said Court
shall be transferred to the Police Court
created under this Charter, and the
Judges elected as herein provided shall
have and obtain jurisdiction of the
same.
CHAPTER IX.
The San Francisco Law Library.
SECTION 1. The Supervisors must
provide, fit up and furnish, with fuel,
lights, stationery, and all necessary
conveniences, attendants and care,
rooms convenient and accessible to the
judges and officers of the courts and of
the municipal government sufficient for
the use and accommodation of the San
Francisco Law Library, established
under an Act of the Legislature of this
State entitled: "An Act to provide for
Increasing the Law Library of the cor
poration known as the San Francisco
Law Library, and to secure the use of
the same to the Courts held at San
Francisco, the Bar, the City and Coun
ty Government and the People of the
City and County of San Francisco," ap
proved March 9th, 1870. The Supervis
ors must appropriate, allow, and order
paid out of the proper fund such sums
as may be necessary for the purposes
aforesaid; and all sums lawfully ap
propriated and expended pursuant
heret* shall be paid out of the proper
fund on demands duly audited, in the
mode prescribed by this Charter for
auditing other demands upon the treas
ury. The County Clerk must pay
monthly to the Treasurer of the San
Francisco Law Library such moneys as
he shall collect under the Act referred
to for the benefit of said Law Library.
ARTICLE VI.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
WORKS.
CHAPTER L
The Board of Public Works.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Depart
ment of Public Works under the man-
agement of three Commissioners who I
shall constitute the Board of Public j
Works, and who shall give all their ;
time during official business hours to j
the duties of their office. The members ;
of said Board shall be appointed by the
Mayor. Of those first appointed he j
shall appoint one for one year, one for j
two years, and one for three years. !
Each year thereafter he shall appoint \
for three years one person as the sue- |
cessor of the Commissioner whose term
of office expires in that year. All such
appointments shall be so made that not
more than one member shall at any
one time belong to the same political
party. No person shall be eligible for j
appointment as such Commissioner un- j
less he is, and has been for at least five j
years next preceding his appointment, '
an elector of the City and County. Each j
of said Commissioners shall receive an
annual salary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. Of the Commissioners first
appointed under this Charter, one shall
be designated by the Mayor to serve
as President for one year. All subse
quent Presidents of the Board shall be !
elected by the members thereof for J
terms to be fixed by said board. The ;
President of the Board shall in each ■
case hold office until his successor has I
been elected or until his membership
on the Board expires.
Sec. 3. The Board may appoint a
Secretary who shall receive an annual I
salary of eighteen hundred dollars. The
Board may employ such clerks, super
intendents, inspectors, engineers, sur
veyors, deputies, architects and work
men as shall be necessary to a proper '
discharge of their duties under this Ar
ticle, and fix their compensation; but j
no compensation to any of said persons j
shall be greater than is paid in the i
case of similar employments.
Sec. 4. The Board shall establish all
necessary rules and regulations for its
government, and for the performance
of its duties, and for the regulation and
conduct of its officers and employes;
and shall require adequate bonds from
Its officers and employes, except labor
ers, for the faithful performance of all
their duties in such sums as may be
fixed by the Supervisors. Said bonds
shall be approved by the May»r and
shall be filed in the office of the Audi
tor.
Sec. 5. The Board shall hold regular
meetings at least once each week at a
place and time to be fixed by resolution
entered on its minutes. No changes in
place or time of regular meetings shall
be made without a resolution passed at
least two weeks before the time the
change is to go into effect. Such spe
cial meetings may be held as the Com
missioners may deem necessary after
notice of the same has been posted ten
hours before the time of holding any
such meeting. All meetings shall be
public. No business shall be transacted
at an adjourned meeting except such as
may have been under, or proposed for,
consideration at the meeting from
which the adjournment was had. No
business shall be transacted at a spe
cial meeting except that which is named
in the notice of said meeting. Special
meetings may be called by any member
of the Board, in every case where a
power is exercised under this Article
by the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes.
Sec. 6. The Board shall keep and
preserve a record of all its proceedings,
and copies of all plans, specifications,
reports, contracts, estimates, certifi
cates, receipts, surveys, field notes
maps, plats, profiles, and of all papers
pertaining to the transactions of the
Board- The Secretary of the Board
shall keep a record of all its transac
tions, specifying therein the names of
the Commissioners present at all the
meetings, and giving the ayes and noes
upon all votes. The Secretary shall
post and publish all orders, resolu
tions and notices as required in this
Chapter or which the Board shall order
to be posted or published. He shall
perform such other duties as may from
time to time be prescribed by the
Board.
Sec. 7. The Board shall be the suc
cessor in office and shall have all the
powers and perform all the dutleß of
the Superintendent of Streets, High
ways and Squares, of the New City
Hall Commissioners, and of the Com
missions in existence at the time thi3
Charter goes into effect for the open
ing, extending, widening, narrowing,
straightening, closing or changing the
grades of streets in the City and Coun
ty.
Sec. 8. The Board shall immediately
after its organization take possession
and have the custody and control of alt
maps, plats, surveys, field notes, rec
ords, plans, specifications, reports, con
tracts, models, machinery, instruments,
tools, appliances, contract rights, priv
ileges, books, documents and archives
and other property belonging to th»
City and County, or which may be of
value and importance to the City and
County, and heretofore kept by or in
the offices of the City and County Sur
veyor, the Superintendent of Public
Streets, Highways and Squares, the
Board of New City Hall Commission
ers, and all commissions in existence a*
the time this Charter goes into effec.
for the opening, extending, widening,
narrowing, straightening, closing or
changing the grades of streets, and all
other business and works pertaining to
any of said offices or commissions.
Sec. 9. The Board of Public Works
shall have charge, superintendence and
control, under such ordinances as may
from time to time be adopted by the
Supervisors:
1. Of all public ways, streets, ave
nues, lanes, alleys, places, courts,
roads, highways and boulevards now
opened or which may hereafter be
opened in the City and County; of the
manner of their use; and of all work
done upon, over or under the same; and
herein particularly the Board shall have
exclusive authority to prescribe rules
and grant permits, in conformity witti
the ordinances of the Supervisors, for
the moving of buildings through tht»
streets thereof, and the building or
placing of cellars or vaults under the
streets or sidewalks, and of temporary
fences enclosing areas upon the side
walks; the laying down and construc
tion of railroad tracks in the streets;
the erection of telegraph and telephone
poles, and poles for electric lighting,
and the laying under the surface of the
streets or sidewalks of telegraph or tele
phone wires, and wires for electric light
ing and power; the construction of
drains and sewers; the laying down and
taking up of gas, steam and water pipes,
pneumatic or other tubes or pipes, ana
sewers and drains, and determining the
location thereof; the using of the
street or any portion thereof for the
deposit of building material in front or
a building during its construction or
repair, or for any purpose other than
such as ordinarily and properly belongs
to the public from the dedication there
of to public use; and without such per
mission in writing from said Hoard no
person shall do any of the acts in this
section enumerated; but nothing in
this section shall be so construed as to
give said Board the power to gran*
permits for or allow the permanent en.
croachment upon any sidewalk of an>
structure.
2. Of all sewers, drains and' cess
pools, and of the work pertaining
thereto or to the drainage of the City
and County;
3. Of the cleaning and sprinkling of
all public streets, avenues, alleys,
places, courts, roads, highways and
boulevards, and the lighting of th«»
same and the lighting of the parks,
squares and other public places ami
public buildings;
4. Of the cleaning of all the public
buildings of the City and County ana
of the appointment of such janitors and
employees as are needed for such pur
pose;
5. Of the supervision of any and all
building construction in the City and
County;
6. Of the construction of any and all
public buildings and structures, under
plans duly approved by the various de
partments, including all school houses
and fire-department buildings, and the
repair and maintenance of any and all
buildings and structures owned by the
City and County;
7. Of any and all wires and conduits,
the collection and disposal of street
refuse, garbage and sewage, and the
designing, construction and mainten
ance of the sewerage and drainage sys
tems of the City and County;
8. Of any and all public utilities
owned, controlled or operated by the
City and County, or which may here
after be so owned, controlled or ope
rated.
9. When at any time any person,
company or corporation desires to have
opened or torn up the roadway of any
street, lane, alley, place or court in the
City and County for any purpose, a
written application shall be made to
the Board of Public Works for permis
sion to do so. The Board shall there
upon make an estimate o- the expense
of opening or tearing up such street,
lane, alley, place or court and of re
storing the same to as good a condition
as it was in before said opening or tear
ing up. Such person, company or cor
poration must thereupon deposit the
amount of such estimate with the
Board of Public Works which shall
thereupon pay the same into the Gene
ral Fund.
The Board shall thereupon proceed to
open or tear v" said street, lane, alley,
place or court as in said application re
quested, and shall at the proper time
restore such street, lane, alley, place or
court to as good a condition as it was
In before said opening or tearing up.
Contracts for the doing of sucu work
by the Board may be let by It in the
manner provided in this Chapter, or
the work may, at the option of the
Board, be done oy days' labor.
If the expense of such work has been
more than the aforesaid estimate, the
person, company or corporation shall
be indebted to the City and County for
such balance; and the same shall con
stitute a Hen upon the property of
such person, company or corporation.
Said lien shall remain in force until
such balance has been paid, or until
the lien shall be legally discharged.
Said lien may be enforced by suit
brought by the City and County in ac
cordance with the provisions of the
Code of Civil Procedure of the State of
j California. If the expense of such
work has been It s than the aforesaid
estimate, then the surplus snail con
stitute a claim In favor of such person,
company or corporation, against the
City and County, and as such shall be
presented, approved and paid as other
claims.
Sec. 10. All examinations, plans and
estimates required by the Supervisors
in connection with any public improve
ments or utilities, shall be made by the
Board of Public Works and it shall,
when requested to do so, furnish infor
mation and data for the use of the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 11. Said Board shall appoint a
Civil Engineer of not less than five
years' practical experience as such,
who shall be designated the City En
gineer. He shall hold his office at the
pleasure of the Board.
He shall perform all the civil engin
eering and surveying required in the
prosecution of the public works and
improvements done under the direction
and supervision of said Board, and
shall certify to the progress and com
pletion of the same, and do such other
surveying or other work as he may be
directed to do by said Board or by the
Supervisors. He shall possess the same
power in the City and County in mak
ing surveys, plats and certificates as
is or may from time to time be given
by law to City Engineers and to Coun
ty Surveyors, and his official acts and
all plats, surveys and certificates made
by him shall have the same validity
and be of the same force and effect as
are or may be given by law to those
of City Engineers and County Survey
ors. No street assessment shall be val
id without his certificate as to the
quantities and unless it be to the effect
that the work has been done to the of
ficial lines, elevations and grades.
Sec. 12. He shall serve the Board ex
clusively and shall not be engaged in
any other business while he is in its
service. He shall receive no com
pensation except his salary. The
Board shall by resolution establish
fees and charges for the services
to be performed by the City En
gineer for persons, companies and cor
porations, and may from time to time
change and adjust the same. Said En
gineer shall require such fees or
charges to be paid in advance for any
official act or service demanded of him,
and such moneys thus paid shall be
paid to the Treasurer and credited by
him to such fund or funds as said Board
may direct.
Sec. 13. The Board shall appoint the
necessary heads of departments under
its charge. Each such head shall have
the sole executive control in his own
department, subject to the rules and
regulations prescribed by the Board.
Sec. 14. All public work authorized
by the Supervisors to be done under the
supervision of the Board of Public
Works shall, unless otherwise determin
ed by the Board of Public Works,
be done under written contract, except
in case of urgent necessity as
hereinafter provided; and except as
otherwise specifically provided in this
Charter, the following proceedings
shall be taken in all cases in the matter
of the letting of contracts by said
Board. Before the award of any con
tract for doing any work authorized by
this Article, the Board shall cause no
tice to be posted conspicuously in its
office for not less than five days, and
published for the same time, inviting
sealed proposals for the work contem
plated; except, however, that when any
repairs or improvement, not exceeding
an estimated cost of five hundred dol
lars, shall be deemed of urgent neces
sity by the Board, such repairs or im
provement may be made by the Board
under written contract or otherwise,
without advertising for sealed propo
sals.
Sec. 15. Said advertisement and no
tice shall invite sealed proposals to be
delivered at a certain day and hour at
the office of the Board for furnishing
the materials for the proposed work, or
for doing said work, or for both, as may
be deemed best by the Board, and shall
contain a general description of the
work to be done, the materials to be
furnished, the time in which the work
is to be commenced, and when to be
completed, and the amount of bond to
be given for the faithful performance
of the contract, and shall refer to plans
and specifications on file in the office of
the Board for full details and descrip
tion of said work and materials.
Sec. 16. All proposals shall be made
upon printed forms to be prepared by
the Board, and furnished gratuitously
upon application, with a form for the
affidavit hereinafter provided for print
ed thereon. Each bid shall have there
on the affidavit of the bidder that such
bid is genuine, and not collusive or
sham; that he has not colluded, con
spired, connived or agreed, directly or
indirectly, with any other bidder or
person to put in a sham bid, or that
such other person shall refrain from
bidding; and has not in any manner
sought by collusion to secure any ad
vantage against the City and County,
or any person interested in said im
provement, for himself or any other
person. All bids shall be clearly and
distinctly written, without any erasure
or interlineation, and if any bid shall
have an erasure or interlineation it
shall not be received or considered by
the Board. Any contract made in vio
lation of any of the foregoing provi
sions, and in the case of improvement
of streets, any assessment for the work
done under such contract, shall be ab
solutely void.
All proposals offered shall be accom
panied by a check, certified by a re
sponsible bank, payable to the order of
the Clerk of the Supervisors, for an
amount not less than ten per centum
of the aggregate of the proposal, and
no proposal shall be considered unless
accompanied by such check.
No person, corporation or firm shall
be allowed to make, file, or be interest
ed in, more than one bid for the same
work. If on the opening of said bids
more than one bid appear in which the
same person, corporation or firm is in
terested, all such bids shall be rejected.
Sec. 17. On the day and at the hour
specified in said notice inviting sealed
proposals the Board shall assemble and
remain in session for at least one hour,
and all bids Ehall be delivered to the
Board while it is so in session, and
within the hour named in the adver
tisement. No bid not so delivered to
the Board shall be considered. Each
bid as it shall be received shall be num
bered and marked "Filed" by the Pres
ident and authenticated by his signa
ture. At the expiration of the hour
stated in the advertisement within
which the bids will be received, the
Board shall, in open session, open, ex
amine and publicly declare the same,
and an abstract of each bid shall be re
corded in the minutes of the Board by
the Secretary. Before adjourning, the
Board shall compare the bids with the
record made by the Secretary, and shall
thereupon, at said time, or at such
other time, not exceeding twenty days
thereafter, as the Board may adjourn
to, award the contract to the lowest
bidder, except as otherwise herein pro
vided. Notice of such award shall
forthwith be posted for five days by
the Secretary of the Board in some
conspicuous place in the office of the
Board, and be published for the same
period of time.
The Board may reject any and all
bids, and must reject the bid of any
party who has been delinquent or un
faithful in any former contract with
the City and County, and all bids oth
er than the lowest regular JMd; and on
accepting said lowest bid, shall there
upon return to the proper parties the
checks corresponding to the bids so re
jected. If all the bids are rejected, the
Board shall return all the checks to
the proper parties and again invite
sealed proposals as in the first in
stance. •
The check accompanying the accept
ed bid shall be held by the Secretary of
the Board until the contract for doing
said work, as hereinafter provided, has
been entered into, whereupon said cer
tified check shall be returned to said
bidder.
If said bidder fails or refuses to en
ter into the contract to do said work,
as hereinafter provided, then the certi
fied check accompanying his bid, and
the amount therein mentioned, shall be
forfeited to the City and County, and
shall be collected and paid into the
Gene/al Fund. Neither the Board of
Public Works nor the Supervisors shall
have power to relieve from or remit
such forfeiture.
Sec. 18. If at any time it shall be
found that the person to whom a con
tract has been awarded has, in nre
senting any bid or bids, colluded with
any other party or parties, for the pur
pose of preventing any other bid being
made, then the contract so awarded
shall be null and void, and the Board
shall advertise for a new contract for
said work.
Sec. 19. In the case of improvement
of streets, the owners of the major part
of the frontage of lots and lands upon
the street whereon the work is to be
done, or which are liable to be assessed
for said work, or, in the case of an
assessment district, the owners of a
major part of the superficial area em
braced in such district, or their agents,
shall not be required to present sealed
proposals, but may, upon making oath
that they are such owners, or the
agents of such owners, within ten days
after the first posting of notice of said
award, elect to take said work and en
ter into a written contract to do the
whole work at the price at which the
same has been awarded. Should such
owners not enter into a written con
tract therefor within said ten days, or
should they enter into such contract
and fall to commence the work within
the time stated therein, which time
shall not be less than ten nor more
than twenty days from the time of the
execution of such contract, the Board
shall enter into a contract with the
original bidder to whom the contract
was awarded at the price specified in
his bid. If the original bidder shall
fail or refuse for fifteen days after the
first posting of notice of the award
to enter into the contract, the Boar.l
shall again advertise for proposals as
in the first instance.
Sec. 20. If the owners or contractor
who may have entered into any con
tract do not complete the same within
the time limited in the contract, or
within such further time as Is here
inafter provided, the Board may relet
the unfinished portion of said work in
accordance with the provisions in this
Chapter prescribed for the letting of
the whole.
Sec. 21. All contracts shall be drawn
under the supervision of the City At
torney, and shall contain detailed spe
cifications of the work to be done, the
manner in which it shall be executed,
and the quality of the material to be
used.
Every contract entered into by the
Board shall be signed by all the mem
bers thereof and by the other contract
ing party. All contracts shall be signed
In triplicate, one of which, with the
specifications and drawings. If any,
of the work to be done, and the mate
rials to be furnished, shall be filed
with the Clerk of the Supervisors: one
thereof, with said specifications and
drawings, shall be kept in the office
of the Board, and the other with said
specifications and drawings shall be
delivered to the contractor. .-
At the same time with the execution
of the contract the contractor shall ex
ecute to the City and County and de
liver to the Secretary of the Board a
boS in the sum rmmed In ">«-««£
No surety on any bond, other than law
fully authorized surety companies '
shall be taken unless he shall be a
payer of taxes on real Property, the
assessed value of which, over -and
above all incumbrances, is ■ equal in
amount to his liabilities on all bonds
on which he may be security to the
City and County; and each surety
shall justify and make an affidavit . (for
which a form shall be printed upon
said bond), signed by him. that he is
assessed upon the last Assessment
Book of the City and County in his
own name for real Property in an
amount greater than his liability on all
bonds on which he is surety to the City
and County, and that the taxes on
such property so assessed are not de-
linquent. ,„ .. ♦!_,«
The contract shall specify the time
within which the work shall be com
menced, and when to be completes, as
was specified in the notice inviting pro
posals therefor. Upon the recommen
dation of the Board, the Supervisors
may extend said time; but in no event
shall the time for the performance or
said contract be extended by the bu
pervisors more than ninety days Df;
yond the time originally fixed for its
completion; but, on the unanimous
recommendation of the Board of Publ.o
Works, a further extension may be
granted by vote of fourteen memocrs
of the Board of Supervisors. In case Of
failure on the part of the contractor
to complete his contract within the
time fixed in the contract, or within
such extension of said time as is herein
provided, his contract shall be void,
and the Supervisors shah not pay or
allow to him any compensation for any
work done by him under said contract;
and, in the case of the improvement or
streets, no assessment shall be made
for the work done under said contract.
Sec. 22. The work in this Article pro
vided for must be done under the di
rection and to the satisfaction of the
Board of Public Works; and the mater
ials used must be in accordance with
the specifications and be to the satis
faction of said Board, and all contracts
provided for in this Article must con
tain a provision to that effect, and
also, that in no case, except where it
is otherwise provided In this Charter,
will the City and County, or any de
partment or officer thereof, be liable
for any portion of the expense, or in
the case of improvement of streets,
for any delinquency of persons or
property assessed.
When said work shall have been
completed to the satisfaction and ac
ceptance of the Board, it shall so de
clare by resolution, and thereupon the
Board shall deliver to the contractor
a certificate to that effect.
CHAPTER 11.
Improvement of Streets.
SECTION 1. All streets, lanes, alley*,
places or courts in the City and Coun
ty, now open or dedicated or which
may hereafter be opened or dedicated
to public use, shall be deemed and held
to be open pubuc streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts, for the purposes of
this Chapter; and tuo Supervisors are
hereby empowered to fix the width
and grade thereof, and to order to be
done therein and thereon any and aJI
street work and street improvement
under the proceedings hereinafter de
scribed.
Sec. 2. Application for the doing of
any such work or improvement must
in the first instance, except where
otherwise provided in this Article, be
made in writing to the Board of Pub
lic Works; and if the expense thereof
is to be assessed upon private property,
the Board shall investigate the same;
and if it determine that such improve
ment is expedient, it shall so report to
the Supervisors; and the Supervisors
shall not order any such improvement
until the same has been recommended
by said Board. When the construction
of any sewer or drain shall involve a
cost of more than five dollars per lineal
foot for any block, it shall not be au
thorized except by an or nance passed
by the affirmative vote of not less than
fourteen members of the Board of Su
pervisors. If an application is made
for any work or improvement of which
the expense is to be paid by the City
and County, and the Board of Publio
Works shall not approv.> of such appli
cation, it shall report to the Supervis
ors its reasons for such disapproval,
and the Supervisors may then, after
having obtained from the Board of
Public Works an estimate of the ex
pense of said work or improvement,
by ordinance passed by the affirmative
vote of not less than fourteen members
of the Board of Supervisors, order the
doing of said work, or the making of
said improvement.
The Board of Public Works may also,
except as herein prohibited, recommend
any improvement, the expense of which
is to be paid by the City and County,
though no application may have been
made therefor, and must make, with
said recommendation to the Supervis
ors, an estimate of the expense, and in
such case the Supervisors may order
the same done.
No street work or street improve
ments of any kind shall be ordered to
be done by the Supervisors unless a
written recommendation to do the
same has been made to them by the
Board of Public Works, and all sucfi
recommendations shall be made mat
ters of record in the office of said
Board.
When the Board shall recommend any
work to be done on a street intersec
tion or crossing, where the streets do
not intersect each other at right angles,
it shall in each such case determine
what lots in the blocks adjacent to such
intersection or croesing will Le benefit
ed by said work, and shall cause a
map to be made on which shall be
delineated the lots so to be benefited.
Such map shall be transmitted to the
Supervisors with said recommenda
tion.
Sec 3. Before recommending to the
Supervisors the ordering 1 of any work
or improvement, the expense of which,
or any part thereof, is to be assessed
upon private property, the Board of
Public Works shall pass a resolution of
its intention to recommend the same,
specifying the work to be recommend
ed, and shall fix a day when it shall
take final action upon said resolution.
Upon the passage thereof the Secre
tary of the Board shall forthwith, with
out any further authority, cause a copy
of said resolution to be posted conspic
uously for five days in the office of said
Secretary, and to be published for a
period of ten days (legal holidays ex
cepted) and cause a copy to be deposit
ed in the Post Office at the City and
County, with postage prepaid, address
ed to each person represented on the
Assessment Book of the City and
County for the next preceding fiscal
year as being owner of land liable to be
assessed for said improvement; but if
said lot stand on said book in the name
of unknown owners, such notice need
not be sent.
The Board shall also cause to be con
spicuously posted along the line of said
contemplated improvement, at points
not more than one hundred feet in dis
tance apart, notices, not less than
three in all, of the passage of said reso
lution. Each of said notices shall be
headed "Notice of Street Work" in let
ters of not less than two inches In
length, and shall in legible characters
state the fact of the passage of said
resolution, its date, and, briefly, the
work or improvement proposed, and re
fer to the resolution of intention for
further particulars.
Sec. 4. The owners of a majority of
the frontage of the pror .rty fronting
on said proposed work or improvement,
and, in case of a district, .hose owningtaovM than one-half of the superficial
area/ of the district, may make written
objections to' the same within ten days
aft&r the exph*aUon of the time of the
publication, of said resolution of inten
tion, Which objections shall be delivered
to.thel Secretary of the Board of Public
'Works;, who shall endorse thereon the
' date, of its reception by him. Such ob
jections' shall be a bar for six months
to y further proceedings in relation
to ; -.doins of said work or making
mlpi'ovement, unless the owners of
the.Qiiu-haJi' or more of the frontage or
of ./this' •, district, as aforesaid, shall
meanwhile petition for the same to be
done, ttjid' the same shall, after the ex
piration of suld six months, be contin
ued;, tinder the resolution of intention
first -passed if said Hoard shall deem
proper. if, however, the owners of at
least two-thirds of the property front
ing on said proposed work or improve
ment, and, In the case of a district,
those owning at least two-thirds of the
superficial area of the district, shall
make/, written objections to the
Bame -within said six months, no fur
ther .proceedings shall be taken under
thY afofysaid resolution of intention.
. When the work or improvement pro
poswl-iu.be done Is the construction of
aey/eran. ■manholes, culverts or cess-
PO^ls,- and the objections thereto are
si£!>ed;;by. the owners of a maiority of
.fh«?ffrqnlage or of the district as afore-
B'4iii> ths Board shall, at its next meet
ing, fix .a time for hearing: said objec
tActna}' not. less than one week there
after;. .The Secretary shall thereupon
notify the persons making such objec
tions, by depositing a notice thereof In
the Post Olllce at the City and County,
postage prepaid, and addressed to each
objector or hia agent when he appears
for such objector. At the time speci
fied the Board shall hear the objections.
ur-.-i. and pass upon the same, and its
division shall be final and conclusive;
ahd if said objections are overruled the
proceedings shall be continued as
t! ugh no objections had been made.
At any time before the making of
the assessment as hereinafter provid
ed, all owners of lots of land liable to
assessment therein, who, after the first
plication of the aforesaid resolution
Oipßrntention, may feel aggrieved, or
■w-jio. may have objections to any pro
ceedings in relation to the performance
of the work described in said resolu
tion,' may file with the Secretary a pe
tition of remonstrance, wherein they
shall state in what respect they feel
aggrieved, or the proceedings to which
they object. Such petition or remon
strance shall be passed upon by the
Board,, and its decision thereon shall
be', ijnal and conclusive.
Sec. 5. When the contemplated work
or improvement in the opinion of the
Board of Public Works is of more than
local or ordinary public benefit, it may
recommend to the Supervisors that the
expense of such work or improvement
be made chargeable upon a district,
and said Board shall in its res
olution of intention set out the district
benefited by said work or improvement
and to be assessed to pay the expense
thereof. Objections to the extent and
• boundaries of the district of lands to
V be)- benefited by said work or improve
ment .may be made by any interested
party/- in writing, within ten days af
ter th£ expiration of the time of pub
lication of the resolution of intention.
' The -Secretary of the Board shall lay
Ba|d /-objections before it and the Board
.•shall.- at its next meeting, fix a time
■for hearing said objections not less
thart.one week thereafter. The Secre
•.*ary shall thereupon notify the persons
••'.-imaking such objections by depositing
: a notice thereof in the Post Office at the
City- and County, postage prepaid, ad
dresJs*d to. each objector. At the time
Specified the Board shall hear the ob
■ jec'ttop's urged and pass upon the same,
'■.. arid }f said objections are overruled, its
7<}e'clßioh.. shall be final and conclusive
■>-as'.;.t.p;;.th.B extent and boundaries of the
.district../.
'• " : M-. the objections are sustained, the
..r#..ixd; :shall proceed to set out another
'dfoirict ;to the extent and boundaries
■ w.hioh objections may be made and
'■ : a : .'.-h earing had thereon as above pro
' vid^d.; : and so on in like manner until
a. distfjet has been set out to the ex
• tent rand boundaries of which all ob
jections shall be overruled by the Board
' —Its decision in that behalf to be final
and conclusive; and thereupon the pro
ceedings shall continue the same as If
no. objections had been made. In Its
repott to the Supervisors the Board
shall : accompany Its report -with a dia
gtarn on which shall be delineated each
separate lot, piece or parcel of land,
.' .thfe.area. in square feet of each of such
ji.'ts, pieces or parcels of land, and the
TvUvive location of the same to the
wofk or improvement proposed to be
: .tf.ip.ne-: within the limits of the district.
;Srudli diagram shall be certified to be
correct by the Secretary of the Board.
H •.-?. G. When the work under any
■'■ contract 'shall have been completed, the
■ contractor shall make and file in ths
office of the Board of Public Works
an affidavit to the effect that he ha*
n</t entered Into any private agree
ment, verbal or written, with any per
son liable to be assessed for said work,
or with any one on his behalf, to ac-
I • a price from him less than the
in said contract, or to
mak • bate or deduction to him
such price. Any such agreement
shaH b- deemed a fraud upon all per-
Uable to be .assessed for such
: other than the property owners
vhw Were parties to the agreement, and
shall make void, as to such persons so
defrauded, any assessment made for
the work done under such contract; and
wh- more than one contractor
each contractor shall make such affi
davit.
. 7. When any work in or upon
any public street ehall have been com
pleted according to contract, and the
affidavit mentioned in the next preced
ing section shall have been made, the
Board shall make an assessment to
cover the sum due for the work per
formed, and specified in said contract
— j^neluding all incidental expenses), in
• conformity with the provisions of this
Article, according to the nature and
character of the work. The assessment
shall briefly refer to the contract, the
:-; contracted for and performed,
-hall show the amount to be paid
t ■ ror, together with any incidental
*■• -.--■, the rate per front foot as
the amount of each assessment,
the name of the owner of each lot (if
k.\v\yn to the Board, and if not known,
nrord "unknown" shall be written
Site the number of the lot and the
.nt assessed thereon); the number
of purh lot assessed, and shall have at
tached thereto a diagram exhibiting
the street or street crossing on which
me work has been done, and showing
the relative location of each distinct
lot to the work done, numbered to cor
respond with the numbers in the as
eessment, and showing the number of
front feet assessed for said work. A
mistake In the name of the owner shall
not Invalidate any assessment.
When the expense of such work falls
In part upon any person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
upon the street where such work has
been done, Bald assessment shall In
clude an assessment against said per
eon, company or corporation, for Its
legal proportion of said expense, and
the b'ame shall constitute a lien upon
\ th? road-bed, rolling stock, franchises
; other property of such person,
".company or corporation, for a period
• of two. years from the date of record
.: Jug .the warrant, assessment and dia
, BTanj. hereinafter provided for.
f. B^e. 8. . The expense of all work or
,;' 'Ijnjjjrpvernent done upon any part of
■ fyss ftt&eta, lanes, alleys, places or
" spurts,- under the order of the Super
•■;yftpxi&, shall be borne and paid for as
. : follpwfl'i- •
"■".'^tfit— The City and County shall pay
■: &yit- Gl -the General Fund the expense:
: .. a. ■: Of all work done on streets, cross
£ng* VPJid Intersections of streets that
:t I >4v^;b.e&n may be accepted by that
;iv^. been or may be accepted by the
.. ity and County, after the acceptance
' *f;'. : the .- name, and all repairs and im
•.proy.ements deemed of urgent necessity
that may be made upon the public
:. streets and highways,
;. b. Of all work done in. front of, or
that may be assessed to> property
owned by the City and County or by
any department thereof.
c. of all work done in front of, or
that may be assessed to, property
owned by the United States.
Second. — The expense of all sewers,
cesspools, manholes, culverts and
drains, and of all grading, planking,
macadamizing, paving, piling and cap
ping any street, or portion thereof, and
of all curbs thereon, and of ail work
done on sidewalks, shall be assessed
upon the lands within the block or
blocks adjacent thereto as herein pro
: vided, except where by an assessment
district it may be provided otherwise.
Third.— The expense of all work on
such portion of any street required by
■ law to be kept in order by any person,
j company, or corporation, having rail
i road tracks thereon, shall be borne and
j paid for by such person, company or
corporation, and shai! be included In
the assessment hereinbefore provided
for.
No assessment shall be levied upon
any property, which, together with all
: assessments for street improvements
; that may have been levied upon the
' same property during the year next
] preceding, will amount to a sum great
■ er than fifty per centum of the value
; at which said property was assessed
upon the last preceding Assessment
• Book of the City and County.
Sec. 9. Subdivision One — Except
where the expense incurred for the
street work and Improvement author
ized herein is to be assessed upon a
district as hereinafter provided, such
expense, other than that to be paid
! by a person, company or corporation
! having tracks on the street where such
work and improvement has been done,
shall be assessed upon the lots and
I lands fronting thereon, except as here
| inafter specifically provided; each lot
or portion of a lot being separately as
i sessed in proportion to the frontage at
! a rate per front foot sufficient to cover
the total expense of the work.
Subdivision Two— The expense of ail
improvement except such as is done by
contractors under the provisions of sec
tion sixteen of this Chapter, until the
streets, avenues, street crossings, lanes,
alleys, places, or courts are finally ac
cepted, as provided in section twenty
| three of this Chapter, shall be assessed
! upon the lots and lands as provided in
■ this section according to the nature
i and character of the work.
Subdivision Three— The expense of
the work done on main street cross
ings shall be assessed at a uniform
rate per front foot on the quarter
blocks and Irregular blocks adjoining
and cornering upon the crossings, and
separately upon the whole of each lot
or portion of a lot having any front-
I age in the said blocks fronting on said
| main streets, half way to the next main
street crossing, and all the way on
said blocks to a boundary line of the
city where no such crossing intervenes,
but only according to its frontage in
said quarter blocks and irregular
I blocks.
Subdivision Four— Where a main
street terminates in another main
i street, the expense of the work done
! on one-half of the width of the street
l opposite the termination shall be as
! sessed upon the lots in each of the two
j quarter blocks adjoining and corner
! ing on the same, according to the front
| age of such lots on said main street,
! and the expense of the other half of the
■ width of said street upon the lot or lots
fronting on the latter half of the street
at such termination.
Subdivision Five— Where any alley
or subdivision street crosses a main
j street, the expense of all work done on
said crossing shall be assessed on all
lots or portions of lots half way on said
alley or subdivision street to the next
crossing or intersection, or to the end
of such alley or subdivision street if it
j does not meet another.
Subdivision Six— The expense of work
done on alley or subdivision stiei-t
crossings shall be assessed upon the
j lots fronting upon such alley or subdl
i vision streets on each side thereof, in
1 all directions, half way to the next
i street, place, or court, on either aide,
I respectively, or to the end of such al-
I ley or subdivision street, if it does not
meet another.
Subdivision Seven— Where a subdivis
ion street, avenue, lane, alley, place, or
court, terminates in another street,
avenue, lane, alley, place, or court, the
expense of the w6rk done on one-half
| the width of the subdivision str^t,
' avenue, alley, place, or court opposite
j the termination, shall be assessed upon
the lot or lots fronting on such subdi
vision street or avenue, lane, alley,
place, or court so terminating, accord
ing to its frontage thereon, half-way
| on each side, respectively, to the next
• street, avenue, lane, alley, court, or
place, or the end of such street, avenue,
: lane, alley, place, or court, If it does
; not meet another, and the other one
! half of the width upon the lots fronting
i such termination.
Subdivision Eight— Where any work
mentioned in this Chapter, manholes,
cesspools, culverts, crosswalks, piling
and capping excepted, is done on either
or both sides of the center line of any
street for one block or less, and fur
ther work opp n slte to the work of th»
same class already done is ordered to
I be done to complete the unimpr
| portion of said street, the ass<-ssrm-nt
to cover the total expense of said work
so ordered shall be made upon tho lots
or portions of the lots only fronting the
portions of the work so ordered. When
sewering or resewering is ordered to
be done under the sidewalk or only on
one side of a street for any U-nerth
j thereof, the assessment for Its expensv
shall be made only upon the lots and
lands fronting nearest upon that side,
and for intervening intersections only
upon the two quarter blocks adjoining
and cornering upon that side.
Subdivision Nine — Any owner or
owners of lots or lands fronting upon
any street, the width and grade of
which have been established by the
Supervisors, may perform at his or
their own expense (after obtaining per
mission from the Board of Public Works
so to do, but before said Board has
passed its resolution of Intention to
recommend grading inclusive of this)
any grading upon said street, to its
full width, or to the centre line thereof,
and to its grade as then established,
and thereupon may procure, at his or
their own expense, a certificate from
the City Engineer setting forth the
I number of cubic yards of cutting and
! filling made by him or them in said
1 grading, and the proportions performed
by each owner, and that the same Is
done to the establishedwldth and grade
of said street, or to the centre line
thereof, and thereafter may file said
certificate In the office of the Board.
Said certificate shall be recorded In a
properly Indexed book kept for that
purpose In the office of the Board.
Whenever thereafter the Supervisors
order the grading of said street, or any
portion thereof, on which any grading
certified as aforesaid has been done,
the bids and contract must express the
price by the cubic yard for cutting and
filling In grading, and such owner or
owners, and his or their successors In
interest, shall be entitled tocreditonthe
assessment upon his or their lots and
lands fronting on said street for grad
ing thereof, to the amount of the cu
bic yards of cutting and filling set
forth in his or their said certificate, at
the prices named in the contract for
said cutting and filling; or, if tho grade
meanwhile has been legally changed,
only for so much of said certified work
as would be required for grading to the
grade as changed. Such owner or
owners shall not be entitled to any
credit that may be in excess of the as
sessments for grading upon the lots
and land owned by him or them, and
proportionately assessed for the whole
of said grading. The Board shall in
clude in the assessment for the whole
of said grading upon the same grade
the number of cubic yards of cutting
and filling set forth In any and all cer
tificates so recorded in his office, or for
the whole of said grading to the
changed grade so much of said certi
fied work as would be required for
grading thereto, and shall enter corre
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
sponding credits, deducting the same
as payments upon theamountaiassessed
against the lots and lands owned re
spectively by said certified owners and
their successors in interest; but he
shall not Include any grading quanti
ties or credit any sums in excess of the
proportionate assessments for the
whole of the grading which are made
1 upon any lots and lands fronting upon
said street and belonging to any such
certified owners or their successors in
j interest. When any owner or owners
! of any lots and lands fronting on any
j street shall have heretofore done, or
■ shall hereafter do any work, except
I grading, on such street, In front of any
block, at his or their own expense, and
the Supervisors shall subsequently or
der any work to be done of the same
I class in front of the same block, the
1 work so done at the expense of such
; owner or owners shall be excepted
from the order ordering work to be
i done, as provided In subdivision ten of
i this section; but the work so done at
the expense of Buch owner or owners
shall be upon the official grade, and in
i condition satisfactory to the Board of
| Public Works at the time said order is
'■ passed.
Subdivision Ten— The Board of Pub
: lie Works may include In the resolu
tion of intention any of the different
; kinds of work mentioned in this Chap
- ter, and it may except therefrom any
, of said work already done upon the
, street to the official grade. The lots
and portions of lots fronting upon said
accepted work already done shall not
be included in the frontage assessment
for the class of work from which the
exception is made; but this shall not
be construed so as to affect the special
provisions as to grading contained in
subdivision nine of this section.
Subdivision Eleven— When the reso
lution of intention declares that the
expense of the work and improvement
is to be assessed upon a district, im
mediately after the contractor has ful
filled his contract to the satisfaction
! of the Board of Public Works, or to
! the satisfaction of the Supervisors on
: appeal, the Board of Public Works
; shall proceed to estimate upon the
; lands, lots, or portions of lots within
I said assessment district, as shown by
| the diagram provided for in section five
of this Chapter, the benefits arising
i from such work, and to be received
| by each such lot, portion of such lot,
j piece or subdivision of land, and
I shall thereupon assess upon and
I against said lands in said assessment
i district the total amount of the ex
j pense of such proposed work, and in
so doing shall assess said total sum
upon the several pieces, parcels, lots,
| or portions of lots, and subdivisions of
i land in said district benefited thereby,
to wit: Upon each respectively in
proportion to the estimated benefits
! to be received by each of said several
j lots, portions of lots, or subdivisions of
j land. In other respects the assessment
shall be as provided in this Chapter.
Sec. 10. If at any time there shall be
any street work or improvement done,
and none of the methods hereinbefore
provided are legally sufficient to au
i thorize the Board of Public Works to
| make an assessment to pay for the ex
■ pense thereof, then said Board shall,
j before it passes a resolution of Its mi
i tention to recommend the ordering of
! said work or improvement, establish
| by resolution a method by means of
| which such assessment shall be made;
! and on the completion of the work or
\ improvement to the satisfaction of said
j Board, or to the satisfaction of the
I Supervisors on appeal, said Board shall
i make an assessment to pay the ex
; pense thereof according to the method
j established by said resolution.
Sec. 11. In making all assessments
i the Board of Public Works shall act
S as a Board, and the assessment shall
i be authenticated by the signatures of
I all the members thereof.
Sec. 12. To said assessment shall be
■ attached a warrant which shall be
I signed by the President of the Board
i of Public Works and countersigned by
| the Secretary thereof. Said warrant
: shall be substantially in the following i
form:
By virtue hereof the Board of Pub- |
lie Works of the City and County of ]
San Francisco, by the authority vested i
jin it, does authorize and empower j
(name of contractor) (his or their) j
' agents, or assigns, to demand and re- j
I ceive the several assessments upon the {
assessment and diagram hereto at- i
! tached, and this shall be (his or their)
I warrant for the same.
(Date) . (Name of President of
Board of Public Works.)
Countersigned by (Name of Secre
tary of Board of Public Works.)
Said warrant, assessment and dia
gram shall be recorded in the office of |
the Board. When so recorded the sev- ,
! eral amounts assessed shall b-* a lien
! upon the lands, lots, or portions of lots
assessed, respectively for the period or
; two years from the date of said record- J
! ing, unless sooner discharged; and \
} from and after the date of said record-
Ing <-f any warrant, assessment and ;
diagram, all persons Interested in said :
at Bt KSment shall be deemod to have nn, ]
■ lice of the contents of the record '
troif-of.
After said warrant, assessment and
; diagram are recorded, the same shall
i hi delivered to the contractor, or his :
i agent or assigns, on demand, but not
untii after the payment to the Board !
! of the incidental expenses not previ- j
j ously paid by the contractor or his as- j
i signs. By virtue of said warrant said
j cont; actor, or his agents or assigns, j
' Fhall be authorized to demand and re- I
j celve the amount of the several assess- i
I menta made to cover the sum due fcr .
: the work specified in sucn contracts ;
and assessments.
When it shall appear by the final j
jur'prment of any court in this State |
having Jurisdiction to render suoh Judg- ;
! ment, that any suit brought to foreclose j
I the her. of any assessment for street j
work made under this Chapter, or in j
; the recording thereof, has been defeated i
! by reason of any defect, error, infor
mality, omission, irregularity, or ille
gally, thereof or therein, or in the re
turn on the warrant issued pursuant to
any such assessment, or In the record
ing of any such warrant, any person in
terested therein may, at any time with
i-i seven months after the entry of said '
• final Judgment, apply to the Board for !
i ap&iher assessment to be issued in con
! formity to law: and the Board thall,
I within sixty days after the time of [
j said application, make and deliver to
I said applicant a new assessmant, dia- I
j gram and warrant in accordance with j
j law, and sign, record and authenticate
I the same as above provided. Such as
sessment shall be a lien upon the lots
of land sot out therein for the period of
two years from the date of its record-
Ing, and suit may be brought to enforce
said lien as provided in this Chapter.
Should such final judgment be that of
the Superior Court for the City and
County and an appeal therefrom to the
Supreme Court of the State has been
taken, no such other assessment shall
be made until said appeal has been de
termined.
Sec 13. The contractor or his as
signs, or some person on his or their
behalf, shall call upon the persons as
sessed, or their agents, if they can con
veniently be found, and demand pay
ment of the amount assessed to each.
If any payment be made, the contrac
tor, his assigns, or some person on his
or their behalf, shall receipt the same
upon the assessment in the presence
of the person making such payment,
and shall also give a receipt if demand
ed. When the persons so assessed, or
their agents, cannot conveniently be
found or when the owner of the lot is
stated as "unknown" upon the assess
ment, then said contractor .or his as
signs, or some person on his or their
behalf, shall publicly demand payment
on the premises assessed.
The warrant shall be returned to the
Board of Public Works within thirty
days after its date with a return Indors
ed thereon, signed by the contractor or
his assigns, or some person on his or
their behalf, verified upon oath, stat
ing the nature and character of the de
mand, and whether any of the assess
ments remain unpaid in whole or in
part, and the amount thereof. There
upon the Secretary of the Board shall
record the return so made in the mar
gin of the record of the warrant and
assessment.
The Board can at any time receive
the amount due upon any assessment
and warrant issued by it and give a
good and sufficient discharge therefor;
i but no such payment so made after
' suit has been commenced shall operate,
I without the consent of the plaintiff in
! the action, as a complete discharge of
i the lien until the costs in the action
: shall be refunded to the plaintiff.
The Board may release any assess
i ment upon the books of its office on
I the payment to it of the amount of the
! assessment with interest against any !
j lot or on the production to it of the j
i receipt of the party or his assigns to j
i whom the assessment and warrant j
! were issued. If any contractor shall
I fall to return his warrant within the
time and in the form provided in this !
section he shall thenceforth hay« no ■
lien upon the property assessed; but if ;
any warrant is lost, upon proof of such i
loss a duplicate may be issued, upon |
which a return may be made with the i
same effect as if the original had been I
so returned. After the return of the
assessment and warrant as aforesaid, j
! all amounts remaining: due thereon !
! shall draw interest at the rate of seven j
per centum per annum until paid.
Sec. 14. The owners, whether named
in the assessment or not, the contrac
tor or his assigns, and all other per- '
; eons directly Interested in any work '
provided for in this Chapter, or in the j
| assessment, feeling aggrieved by any ■■
; act or determination of the Board of
' Publio Works in relation thereto, or j
who claim that the work has not been i
performed according to the contract in \
I a good and substantial manner, or j
! having or making any objection to the j
! correctness or legality of the assess
' ment or other act, determination, or
j proceedings of the Board, snail, within
| thirty days after the date of the war
! rant, appeal to the Supervisors, by
i briefly stating their objections in writ- |
ing and filing the same with the Clerk !
of the Supervisors. Notice of the time
and place of the hearing, briefly re
\ ferring to the work contracted to be
done, or other subject of appeal, and
to the acts, determinations or proceed
ings objected to or complained of, shall
,be published for five days. Upon such
appeal the Supervisors may remedy
and correct any error or informality !
In the proceedings, and revise and cor
rect any of the acts or determinations j
of the Board relative to said work,
may confirm, amend, set aside, alter,
modify or correct the assessment in
' such manner as to them shall seem
| Just; and require the work to be com
! pleted according to the directions of
i the Supervisors, and may at their op- i
! tion direct the Board of Public Works '
; to correct the warrant, assessment or i
i diagram in any particular, or to make ]
j and issue a new warrant, assessment
i and diagram to conform to the deci
1 sions of the Supervisors in relation
thereto.
All the decisions and determinations |
of the Supervisors, upon notice and
hearing as aforesaid, shall be final and i
conclusive upon all persons entitled to
appeal under the provisions of this
i section, as to all errors, informalities |
i and irregularities, which the Supervis- :
I ors might have remedied and avoided; !
I and no assessment shall be held in- ;
! valid, except upon appeal to the Su- !
' pervisors, as provided in this section, j
i for any error. Informality or other
| defect in the proceedings prior to the
! assessment, or in the assessment it
: self, where the Board of Public Works
1 has' acquired jurisdiction to make the
same.
Sec. 15. At any time after the period
of thirty-five days from the day of the i
; date of the warrant, or if an appeal I
has been taken to the Supervisors, then, j
; at any time after five days from the
t decision of the Supervisors on such ap
peal, or after the return on the war
i rant, after the same may have been |
; corrected, altered or modified, as here
jin provided, but not It- as than within ;
thirty-five flays from rhe date of the
warrant, the contractor or his assignee
I may sue in his own name the owner or
■ the mortgagee of the land, lots, or por- !
i tions of lots assessed on the day of
the date of the recording of the war
rant, assessment and diagram, or any
| day thereafter during the continuance
of the lien of said assessment, and re
cover the amount of any assessment
remaining unpaid, with interest there
on at the rate of seven per centum per
annum until paid.
In all cases of recovery under the
provisions of this Chapter the plain
j tiff shall recover the sum of fifteen dol
, lars in addition to the taxable costs,
as attorney's fees, but not any percent- j
age upon said recovery. When suit has i
been brought, after a personal demand
. has been made and a refusal to pay
, such assessment so demanded, the
' plaintiff shall also be entitled to have
and recover said sum of fifteen dollars
; as attorney's fees in addition to all tax
able costs, notwithstanding that the
'■ Buit may be settled or a tender be
j made before a recovery in said action,
and he may have judgment therefor.
Said warrant, assessment and dia
gram, with the affidavit of demand and
i non-payment, shall be held prima facie
! evidence of the regularity and correct
| ness of the assessment and of the prior
; proceedings and acts of the Board of
Public Works and of the Supervisors
S upon which said warrant, assessment
and diagram are. based, and like evidence
! of the right of the plaintiff to recover in
; the action. The Court in which said suit
i shall be commenced shall have power
to adjudge and decree a lien against
the lots of land assessed, and to order
such premises to be sold on execution
i as in other cases of the Bale of real
j estate by the process of said Courts,
i In all actions brought to enforce the
! Hen of assessments made pursuant to
the provisions of this Chapter the pro
ceedings therein shall be governed and
regulated by the provisions of this
Chapter, and. when not in conflict here
with, by the Codes of this State.
Sec. 16. When any portion of th«
roadway of any street, avenue, lane, al
ley, court or place, or any portion of
i any sidewalk, in the City and County.
! none of which has been accepted by the
j Supervisors as in this Chapter provided.
I shall be so out of repair as to endanger
persons or property passing thereon, or
bo as to interfere with the public con
venience in the use thereof, the Board
] of Public Works shall require the own-
I ers or occupants of lots or portions of
lots fronting on eald portion of said
street, avenue, alley, lane, court or
place, by a notice in writing, to be de
livered to them or their agents, per
sonally, to repair forthwith said por
tion of said street, avenue, lane, alley,
court or place, to the center line there
of, in front of the property of which
he is the owner or tenant, or occupant.
The Board shall particularly specify
in said notice what work is required to
be done and what material shall be
used in paid repairs. If said repairs be
not begun within five days after notice
given as aforesaid, and diligently and
without Interruption prosecuted to
completion, the Board may make such
repairs, or enter Into a contract with
any suitable person, at the expense of
the owner, tenant, or occupant, after
the specifications for the dome of said
work shall have been conspicuously
posted by It in its office for three days.
Inviting bids for the doing of said work.
Sold bids shall be delivered to it at its
office on or before the second day after
the completion of said posting and
opened by it on the next day follow
ing; whereupon the contract shall be
awarded to the lowest responsible bid
der.
All of said bids phall be preserved In
the office of the Board, and shall be
open at all times after the letting of
the contract to the inspection of all
persons; and such owner, tenant, or oc
cupant, shall be liable to pay said con
tract price. Such work shall be com
menced within twenty-four hours af
ter the contract shall have been signed,
and completed without delay to the sat
lsfactlon of the Board. Upon the com
pletion of such repairs by the con
tractor as aforesaid to the satisfaction
of the Board, it shall make and de
liver to the contractor a certificate to
the effect that such repairs have been
properly made by said contractor to
the grade, and that the charges for the
same are reasonable and just, and that
the Board of Public Works has ac
cepted the same.
Sec. 17. If the expense of the work
and material for the repairs provided for
in the last preceding section be notpald
on demand to the contractor so em
ployed, or his agent or assignee, said
contractor, or his assignee, shall have
the right to sue such owner, tenant, or
occupant for the amount contracted to
be paid; and the certificate provided
for In said section shall be prima facie
evidence of the amount claimed for
said work and materials, and of the
right of the contractor to recover for
the same in such action. Said certifi
cate shall be recorded by the Board of
Public Works in a book kept by it in
the office for that purpose, properly In
dexed, and the sum contracted to be
paid shall be a lien as in case of other
assessments provided for in this chap
ter.
Sec. 18. In addition to the remedies
above given the Supervisors may pre
scribe the penalties that shall be In
curred by any owner or person ne
glecting or refusing to make re
pairs when required, as hereinbefore
provided. Such penalty shall be en
forced for the use of the City and
County by prosecution in the name of
the People of the State of California
In the Court having Jurisdiction there
of, and may be applied in the case of
fines, to the payment of expense of any
such repairs not otherwise provided
for.
Sec, 19. The person owning the fee, or
the mortgagee of such fee, or the per
son who, on the day the action Is com
menced, appears by deed duly recorded
in the County Recorder's office of the
City and County, to have the legal title
to the land, or the person in possession
of lands, lots, portion of lots or build
ings under claim, or exercising acts of
ownership over the same for himself,
or as executor, administrator or guar
dian of the owner, shall be regarded,
treated and deemed to be the "owner"
for all the purposes of this Chapter.
And in case of property leased, the
possession of the tenant or lessee hold
ing and occupying under such persons
shall be deemed to be the possession of
such owner.
Sec. 20. Any tenant or lessee of any
lot of land on which has been imposed
an assessment under the provisions of
this Chapter may pay said assessment,
or he may discharge any liability im
posed thereon by virtue of the provis
ions of this Chapter, or he may redeem
the property within the time prescribed
by law, if legally sold on execution, and
may deduct the amount so paid from
the rents due and to become due from
him; and he shall have a lien upon, and
may retain possession of, said lots un
til the amount so paid and advanced,
with legal interest thereon, be satisfied
from accruing rents or by payment by
the owner.
Sec. 21, The records kept by the
Board of Public Works shall have the
same force and effect as other public
records, and duly certified copies
therefrom may be used in evidence
with the same effect as the originals.
Said records shall, during all office
hours, be open, free of charge, to the
inspection of any citizen wishing to
examine them.
Sec. 22. Notices in writing required to
be given by the Board may be served
by any person over the age of twenty
one years, and the fact of such service
may be verified by the oath of the per
son making it. Such oath may be
taken before the Secretary of said
Board or b fore any member thereof.
Sec. 23. When any street or portion
of a street has been or shall hereafter
be fully constructed to the satisfaction
of the Board of Public Works and of
the Supervisors, and is in good condi
tion throughout, and a sewer, gas pipes
and water pipes are properly laid
therein, the same shall be accepted by
the Supervisors by ordinance; and
thereafter such street or portion of a
street shall be kept in repair and im
proved by the City and County. The
Supervisors shall not accept any por
tion of a street less than the entire
width of the roadway Including the
curbing, and one block in length, orone
entire crossing; but they may partly
or conditionally accept any street,with
out a sewer or gas pipes or water pipes
therein, if the ordinance of acceptance
expressly states that they deem such
sewer, or gas pipes or water pipes to be
then unnecessary. In such case the lots
of land previously or at any time as
sessable for the cost of constructing a
sewer shall remain and be assessable
for such cost and for the cost of re
pairs and restoration of the street
damaged in said construction, when
ever the Supervisors shall deem a
sewer to be necessary and shall order
it to be constructed. The Board of
Public Works shall keep in its office a
register of all streets accepted by the
Supervisors under this section, which
register shall be indexed for easy ref
erence thereto.
Sec. 24. The Board of Public Works
may at any time, without any applica
tion therefor, recommend to the Sup
ervisors to order the paving or mac
adamizing of the portion of any street
required by law to be paved or mac
adamized by the person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
thereon. Upon such recommendation
the Supervisors shall by ordinance or
der said work to be done and direct said
Board to notify said person, company,
or corporation of the fact of the pas
sage of such ordinance.
The Secretary of said Board shall
thereupon forthwith In writing notify
said person, company or corporation
of the passage of said ordinance; and
if Bald person, company or corpora
tion shall not within ten days after re
ceiving said notice commence in good
faith to do said work and prosecute
the same diligently to completion, the
Board shall Invite sealed proposals for
doing said work in the manner provid
ed in this Article; and all the provis
ions of this Article in regard to such
proposals, to the awarding of con
tracts, to the execution of contracts,
and to the doing of public work, shall
apply to all similar proceedings taken
under this section. On the completion
of the work to the satisfaction of the
Board the contractor shall be entitled
to recover from such person, company
or corporation the contract price for
the expense of said work, together
with Incidental expenses, in an action
Instituted in a Court of competent ju
risdiction. On the trial of such action,
the certificate of the Board of the com
pletion of said work to its satisfaction
Bhall be prima facie evidence of the
regularity of all the proceedings prior
thereto and of plaintiff's right to re
cover In said action.
Sec, 25. Except as otherwise In this
Chapter specifically provided, no or
dinance for the Improvement of any
street other than for sewers, sidewalks
and curbs, except for the Improvement
of the streets constituting or lying
along the water front of the City and
County, and except for such work as is
provided for In the next preceding sec
tion, shall" be passed by the Supervis
ors without extending said improve
ment throughout the whole width of
such street.
Sec. 26. Wherever in this Article the
word "street" occurs, it shall be held to
Include all streets, lanes, alleys, places
and courts which have been, or may be
hereafter, dedicated and open to public
use, and whose grade and width have
been legally established; and the grade
of all Intermediate or intersecting
streets In any one block shall be deemed
to conform to the grades as established
at the crossings of the main streets.
The word "improvement" shall be
held to include grading, paving, plank-
Ing, macadamizing, piling and capping;
and the construction and repairs of
sewers, cesspools, manholes, culverts,
drains, sidewalks and curbs.
The term "main street" shall mean
such street or streets as bound a
block, and the term "street" shall in-
elude crossing.
The word "block" shall mean the
blocks known or designated as such
upon the maps and books of the As
sessor.
The term "quarter block," as used In
this Chapter as to irregular blocks,
shall be deemed to include all lots or
portions of lots, having any frontage
on either Intersecting street half way
from such intersection to the next main
street, or, when no main street inter
venes, all the way to a boundary line
of the City and County.
The word "paved" shall include any
pavement of stone, iron, wood or other
material which the Supervisors may
by ordinance order to be used; but no
patented pavement shall be ordered
during the existence of the patent
therefor, until the owner of such pat
ent shall have transferred to the City
and County all right to the use of the
same therein, with the privilege to any
person to manufacture and lay the
same upon its streets under any con
tract that may be awarded to him, or
entered into by him with the City and
County.
The term "expense" shall include the
price at which the contract was award
ed, and the term "incidental expenses"
shall include all expenses incurred in
printing and advertising the work con
tracted for, and all expenses for sur
veying, measuring and inspecting the
work.
All notices and resolutions required
in this Article to be published shall be
published daily, legal holidays except
ed, in the official newspaper.
All notices herein required to be
served, whether by delivery, mailing
or posting, may be so served by any
male citizen of the age of twenty-one
years, and his affidavit thereof shall be
prima facie evidence of such service.
The affidavit by the publisher of the
official newspaper, or his clerk, of the
publication of any notice required in
this Article to be published, shall be
prima facie evidence of such publica
tion.
Sec. 27. When the owners of all the
lands fronting upon any street which is
less than forty feet in width, for the
entire distance of said street, or for the
distance of one or more entire blocks,
shall petition the Board of Public
Works that the said street, or that por
tion thereof upon which said lands
front, be closed, the Board may pass a
resolution recommending that the same
be closed. Before passing such resolu
tion the Board shall cause a notice of
the application to be published in the
official newspaper, and shall fix a time
and place at which it will consider the
same and hear objections thereto. Upon
such hearing it shall determine whether
It will recommend that the street be
closed; and if it shall so determine, it
shall transmit such recommendation to
the Supervisors. Thereupon the Super
visors may pass an ordinance that the
street be closed; and the same shall not
thereafter be, or be deemed to be, a
public street, or subject to any public
expense or improvement; and the land
theretofore included within the road
way and sidewalks of said street shall
thereafter be the property of the City
and County. No such ordinance shall
be passed until the petitioners shall
have paid all the expenses of said pro
ceedings.
Sec. 28. In all cases where lands in
the City and County shall be hereafter
sub-divided and laid out into blocks or
plats, sub-lots, streets and alleys, or
when new streets or public grounds
shall be laid out, opened, donated or
granted to the public by any proprietor,
the map or plat thereof shall be sub
mitted to the Board of Public Works
for its approval, and if the Board ap
prove the same, such approval shall be
by it indorsed upon the said map or
plat, and said map with said approval
shall then be filed in the office of the
Recorder; and without such approval
indorsed thereon no such map or plat
shall be filed in the office of the Re
corder, or have any validity; nor shall
any street, alley, or public ground here
after opened and dedicated as such, be
come or be a public street or be subject
to any public improvement or expense
without such approval, indorsement
and record. No street hereafter laid
out shall be approved or become a pub
lic street unless the same shall be at
least forty feet in width and two hun
dred feet distant from any parallel
street.
Sec. 29. The Board shall annually in
vite proposals for cleaning and sprink
ling such of the streets of the City and
County as the Board shall determine
should be cleaned and sprinkled at the
public expense. Before causing notice
for such proposals to be published the
Board shall divide the City and County
into such number of districts as in its
judgment will best induce competition
for bids, and secure the cleaning and
sprinkling of the streets at the lowest
cost. The Secretary of the Board shall,
under its direction, on the first Monday
in May of each year, cause to be pub
lished for a period of ten days a notice
inviting proposals for cleaning and
sprinkling each of said districts speci
fying in said notice the streets of each
district which are to be cleaned and
sprinkled, the number of times a week
that they are to be cleaned and sprin
kled, and the amount of security to be
given with each contract. Bids shall
be made for each district separately.
All the provisions of this Article in re
lation to the making and opening of
bids, awarding of contracts and enter
ing into and performance of contracts,
shall be applicable to said contracts.
The Board may, at the time it In
vites proposals for said cleaning and
for said sprinkling, also invite propo
sals for said cleaning separately and
for said sprinkling separately, and may
award such contracts accordingly as
may be for the best interest of the City
and County.
The Board may also, with the consent
of the Supervisors expressed by ordin
ance, purchase one or more machines
for sweeping the streets, and may en
ter into contracts for sweeping the
streets with said machines; but the
Board must give the preference to
handsweeping so far as it can do so
with reference to the proper sweeping
of the streets and to the funds at its
disposal.
Sec. 30. The Board shall cause to be
made all urgent repairs upon the pub
lic streets that may from time to time
be requisite for the public safety, and
for that purpose may employ such la
borers as may be necessary, and at
such wages as may be from time to
time fixed by the Board; but when the
expense of the repairs upon any street
or portion of a street shall exceed the
sum of five hundred dollars, exclusive
of materials to be furnished from the
Corporation Store Yard, the same shall
be done under contract awarded In the
manner provided in this Article.
Sec. 31. The Board shall, from time
to time, after it shall have been direct
ed so to do by the Supervisors by or
dinance, invite proposals for supplying
to the City and County such materials
as may be required for the repair of
the public streets or for any improve
ment thereof, and such proceedings
shall be had in awarding the contracts
therefor as are in this Article provided
for awarding other contracts.
Sec. 32. The Supervisors shall select
some place in the City and County
which shall be known as the Corpora
tion Store Yard, wherein shall be kept
all supplies, material, implements and
machines belonging to the City and
County, to be used in repairing or clean-
Ing and sprinkling the streets, or for
any improvement thereon. The Board
of Public Works shall appoint a Store
keeper for said Yard, who shall
hold his office during its pleas
ure. He shall have the custody
of said Yard and of all the sup
plips, material and implements therein,
and shall keep books of account in
which shall be kept a systematic ac
count of all purchases, and of the re
ceipt of sunnlies and material under
any contracts awarded under the pro
visions of the preceding section, and of
the delivery thereof, which books shall
at all times show the amount of said
material and supplies on hand and in
store, and when, to whom, and for
what purpose each article was deliver
ed. He shall be responsible for all ma
terial and supplies in said Yard, and
shall not deliver any article except
upon the written order or requisition
of the President and Secretary of the
Board of Public Works, and he shall
take the written receipt, Indorsed upon
said order, of each person to whom
any delivery is made, specifying the
date of such delivery and the amount
and kind of material and supplies de
livered. For any deficiency in his ac
counts or for the delivery of any ar
ticle without such order or requisition
and receipt, he shall be liable upon his
official bond. All cobblestones, or stone
blocks or other material with which
any street or portion of a street may
have been paved or planked shall, if at
any time removed from said street,
be taken to said Yard, and there kept,
accounted for and disposed of by the
Storekeeper in the same manner as
other supplies.
CHAPTER 111.
Opening, Straightening, Widening,
Extending and Changing the
Grade of Streets.
SECTION 1. When an application
shall be made to the Board of Public
Works for the straightening, widening
or extending of any street, or for the
laying out, establishing or opening of
a new street, signed by the
owners of a majority of the
frontage of the lands upon the line
of said street, or proposed street, and
such improvement requires the con
demnation of private property, and the
Board shall by resolution determine
that the improvement would be of pub
lic benefit, it shall make an estimate
of the expense of such improvement,
and determine by resolution the district
which will be affected by, and should
be assessed for, the expense of such im
provement. No proceedings shall be
had upon the filing of such petition un
til after tho persons signing the same
shall have deposited with the Secretary
of the Board an amount of money
which, as may be determined by the
Board, will be sufficient to defray all
the expense that may be incurred in
case the Supervisors shall not pass an
ordinance for said improvement.
Sec. 2. If within three months after
the passage of the resolution determin
ing such district, a majority of the
owners of the land within said district
who shall also be the owners of two
thirds of the superficial square feet of
the property included within said dis
trict, and of three-fourths in value of
said property — including improvements
thereon — estimating said value accord
ing to the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County, shall
present to the Board a petition for said
improvement, verified by their oaths
and describing the lands of which they
are the owners, and showing the
amount at which the same was as
sessed upon the last preceding Assess
ment Book of the City and County, and
stating that they are the owners and
in possession of the lands named in said
petition, the Board shail pass a reso
lution of its intention to recommend
such improvement to the Supervisors,
and shall in such resolution specify a
day upon which it will hear any ob
jections that may be made to such im
provement.
Before passing such resolution of In
tention, the Board shall cause to bo
prepared a map or diagram of the dis
trict affected by and to be assessed for
the expense of such improvement, upon
which shall be delineated the several
lots of land upon which said assess
ment is to be levied, and also the lots
of land which are to be taken for such
improvement, and showing the name of
the person to whom the said lots were
assessed upon the last Assessment Book
of the City and County, together with
the amounts of such assessments.
Sec. 3. The Secretary of the Board
shall thereupon cause said resolution
of intention to be published for a pe
riod of thirty days, non-judicial days
excepted, and shall also cause a copy
of said resolution to be deposited, post
age prepaid, in the Post Office at the
City and County, addressed to each
person whose name is delineated upon
said map, at least ten days before the
day named for hearing objections
thereto.
Sec. 4. At any time before the day
fixed in such resolution for hearing ob
jections to such improvement, any per
son interested therein may file with the
Secretary of the Board his objections
thereto, briefly stating the grounds
thereof and the nature of his interest;
and upon the day fixed for hearing the
same, or some day to which the hear
ing thereof shall then be postponed,
the Board shall proceed to hear and
determine the sufficiency of any objec
tions which may have been filed.
Sec. 5. If the Board shall determine
that such objections are sufficient to
prevent a recommendation of the im
provement, it shall pass a resolution to
that effect, and no further proceedings
shall be had under said petition. If
no objections have been filed, or if the
Board shall determine that the objec
tions filed are insufficient, it may pass
a resolution recommending to the Su
pervisors said improvement, and in its
recommendation shall specially report
to the Supervisors whether in its opin
ion the land within the district speci
fied as affected by said improvement
will be benefited to the extent of the
expense of said improvement.
Sec. 6. If the Board shall pass a
resolution recommending said improve
ment, the Secretary shall forthwith
transmit to the Clerk of the Supervis
ors a copy of said resolution, together
with the petition, map, estimate of the
expense of said improvement, and any
objections that may have been filed,
and the Supervisors shall at their first
regular meeting thereafter, or at any
meeting to which said hearing may
have been adjourned, pass upon saia
recommendation, and may by resolu
tion adopt or reject the same. If said
recommendation is rejected no further
action shall be had thereon or upon
said petition. If the Supervisors shall
adopt said recommendation, they shall
within thirty days thereafter pass an
ordinance providing for said improve
ment, and may in said ordinance pre
scribe such rules for the conduct of the
Board of Public Works respecting the
assessment and valuation to be made
by said Board, and providing for the
condemnation of said lands, and the
collection of said assessment, in addi
tion to, and not inconsistent with, the
rules herein prescribed, as to said Su
pervisors shall seem expedient. Upon
the passage of said ordinance the Clerk
of the Supervisors shall transmit a cer
tified copy thereof to the Board of Public
Works.
Sec. 7. Upon the receipt by the
Board of a certified copy of said ordi
nance the Board shall cause to be
made an accurate survey of the con
templated improvement, and a map
thereof, upon which shall be deline
ated each and every lot of land to be
taken or appropriated for the purposes
of the intended improvement, showing
its extent in feet and inches, and also
each and every lot of land within the
district determined to be affected by,
and which is to be assessed for, the
cost and expense of said improve ment.
After said survey and map are made,
the Board shall pass a resolution fix
ing a day on or after which it will pro
ceed to value the several U>ts of land
to be taken for the purpose of the in
tended improvement, and ascertain
and determine the damages and bene
fits which may result therefrom.
The Secretary of the Board shall
cause said resolution to be published
for a period of ten days before the day
fixed in said resolution for proceeding
to make said valuation.
In estimating the damage to any lot
by reason of any portion of said lot
having been taken for public use, as
herein provided, the measure of dam
age to said lot shall be the difference
at the time of said appropriation be" i
tween the value of said lot in its en- !
tirety and its value as reduced in size [
by the appropriation of a part thereof
to said public use. The expense of the
improvement shall include the value
of the land taken, with the improve
ments, if any, thereon, and the expense
of the proceedings for its appropriation
or condemnation.
Sec. S. On the day named in said
notice and upon such other days as the
matter may be continued to, from time
to time, the Board shall proceed to
value the several parcels of land nec
essary to be taken for the purpose of ;
the intended improvement. Such value
Shall be ascertained as of the time of
Said inquiry, independently of any ap
preciation or depreciation that may oe
caus'Ki to the same by reason of suon
Intended improvement, and the KOara
thall fix such valuation as the amount
to be given to the owners there.or.
The Board shall also assess the bene
fits and damages which may resu.t
from the contemplated improvement
of the lands within said district and
ehall distribute the total value of all
the lands and Improvements taken, to
gether with the damages, if any,
caused by said improvement to the ad-
Jacert lands, and the estimated cost
and expense of said improvement, in
the form of an assessment upon each
and every lot of land within the dis
trict determined to be affected by said
improvement in proportion to the ben
efits which the Board shall determine
•will be received by said lots and \swdc.
Bee. 9 The meetings of the Board,
when engaged In making said valua
tion and assessment, shall be public
and held at the office of the Board, and
ell persons interested in such valua
tion and assessment shall have the
right to be present and be heard in
person or by counsel. All persons
churning any interest in the lands to
be taken for eaid improvement, or that
will be damaged thereby, are required <
at or during such hearing, to file with
the Board, plats, and a description of |
their respective lots of land.
Sec. 10. In making said assessment :
and valuation the Commissioners shall
act as a Board, and Baid assessment ,
and valuation shall be authenticated
by the signatures of said Commission- 
ers, and every assessment and valua
tion so authenticated and recorded in j
the Hook of Assessments for Condem
nation shall be prima fade evidence
of the correctness and regularity of all
the proceedings of said Hoard and of
the Supervisors prior to the date of
BUCh record.
Bee 11. In determining the valuation
of the property which is taken for said
Improvement the Board shall in its re
port set forth, under appropriate head
ings, a brief description of each lot
thereof, the amount allowed for the .
Fame, the name of the owner of each
lot. when known (and if unknown, that
fact Bhall be stated), and the name of
any claimant thereto, or to any inter
est therein; and In making the assess
ment for the expense of said improve
ment the Board shall Bet forth in the
assessment, under appropriate head-
Ings, a brief description of each lot
nursed, the amount assessed against
the same, the person to whom said
property was assessed upon the next
pre eding Assessment Book of the City
p.nil County, the owner thereof, if
known (and if unknown, that fact shall
be stated), and the total amount of the
expense of Bald improvement.
Sec. 12. Upon the completion of said
valuation and assessment, the Board
ehall cause to be published for ten days
a notice of the compl tion of said as
eessment and valuation, notifying all
parties therein to examine the same;
and fur that purpose said assessment,
valuation and map shall be opened
and exhibited to public inspection at
the office of the Board for thirty days
after the first publication of said no
tice. During said period of thirty
days, but not thereafter, the Board
may alter, change or modify said as
eessment. Upon the expiration of said
thirty days it shall complete the same
in the form of a report and schedule,
embracing the value of the lands taken
and the assessment of said value, to
gether with the expense of the im
provement, as hereinbefore provided,
upon the several lots of land embraced
within the aforesaid district. Said re
port and schedule shall, within sixty
days after the first publication of the
last mentioned notice, be filed in the
office of the County Clerk, together
with a petition signed by the President
of said Board, to the Superior Court,
praying for a judgment of said Court
confirming the assessment contained
therein against the respective lots
therein described as assessed, and for
the condemnation and conveyance to
the City and County, upon the payment
of the vdue thereof as ascertained by
paid report, of each of the lots of land
alleged in said petition to be necessaxy
to be taken for said improvement.
Per. 13. On filing such petition, and
upon application to said Court, the
Presiding Judge thereof shall appoint
pome day, not loss than ten nor more j
than thirty days thereafter, as the ■
time when any objections to the con
firmatlon of said report will be heard
by said Court. The Clerk of said Court
Bhall thereupon cause to be published ;
for ten days in the official newspaper,
a notice of the filing of said report and
of the day assigned for the hearing of
any objections that may be made there
to. Any party interested therein may
at any time before the day assigned for
the hearing thereof file in said Court
his objections in writing to the confirm
ation of the same, specifying his objec
tions: and all objections not specified
shall be deemed waived. Upon the day
fixed in said order said Court shall pro
ceed to the hearing of any objections
that may have been filed to the con
firmation of said report. Upon proof of
publication of Bald notice said Court
Bhall have and take jurisdiction of said
report and of the subject matter
thereof as a special proceeding; and
upon said day and at any other time
or times to whi( h said hearing may be
adjourned may hear the allegations of
the parties and proofs adduced in sup
port of the same, and may confirm said
report, or change, alter or modify the
same, or causp th^ same to be changed,
altered or modified by said P.oard. Said
judgment of confirmation shall be a
lien upon each lot of land described in
paid report for the amount assessed
against the same, and shall provide for
the conveyance to the City find County
of enoh and every of the lots of land
declared necessary for the purpose of
paid Improvement, upon the payment of
the value thereof as flx^d by such
judgment. Paid lion shall remain in
force until said assessment is paid or
letrally discharged. •
Fee. 14. Any person who has filed
objections to the confirmation of said
report may appeal from said judgment
to the Supreme Court at any time with
in thirty days after the entry of such
Judgment. The amount of the under
taking on such appeal shall be fixed by
said Presiding Judge, and such under
taking shall be made payable to the
City and County. For the purposes of
puch appeal the judgment roll of the
proceedings in the Superior Court shall
consist of the report, objections, judg
ment and bill of exceptions, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to deter
mine said appeal. If said judgment be
reversed or modified the Superior Court
shall take such proceedings as will
cause said assessment and valuation
to be made in accordance with the de
cision of the Supreme Court. The City
Attorney shall act as the attorney for
the P.oard of Public Works in proceed
ings under this Chapter.
Sec. 16. After the confirmation of
paid report, if the time for appealing
has expired, or if an appeal has been
taken and the judgment appealed from
has been affirmed, upon the application
of the Board of Public Works the Clerk
of the Superior Court shall i?sue a cer
tificate to that effect to said Board;
and said assessment shall then be re
corded in the Book of Assessments for
Condemnation kept for that purpose,
and the record thereof signed by the
President and Secretary of said Board.
The Secretary shall then deliver to the
Tax Collector the assessment so con
firmed and recorded, together with said
certificate of said Clerk, and a warrant :
to the Tax Collector directing him to
collect the said assessment. The Tax
Collector shall, if any part of said as- :
sessment is not paid within twenty !
days after said assessment, certificate j
and warrant shall have been delivered i
to him, give notice in the official news- j
paper by ten days' publication therein
that he will, on a day and time certain, |
to be not more than ten days after the ;
expiration of said publication, sell such
of the lots of land on which the assess
ment thereon remains unpaid, describ
ing each of said lots so delinquent, to
gether with the amount of the assess- j
ment and costs due on each, and shall •
include as part of said costs live per I
centum on the amount due on each as- '
sessment so delinquent, as and for the
expenses of said sale. He shall there- ,
upon sell such lots pursuant to such
notice. Redemption may be made from
such sale within the time and in the
manner and on the terms as on sales
made under execution as provided in
the Code of Civil Procedure of this
State. If any amount remain
in the hands of the Tax Collector
as a resuNjbf the collection of said as
sessment T>eyond that necessary to
make the compensation provided for in
the next succeeding section, and to pay
the necessary expenae* of said sale,
such surplus shall be paid by him pro
portionately to those whose land has
been sold as aforesaid.
Sec. 16. Upon the report of the Tax
Collector to the Supervisors that the
amount of said assessment has been
collected and paid into the treasury,
the Supervisors shall order to be paid
out of the treasury the sums fixed in !
said judgment as the compensation for !
the lands to be taken for said improve
ment; and upon the delivery to the
Treasurer by any person entitled to re
ceive compensation for any lot of land
so taken, of a conveyance of said lot
of land to the City and County, ap
proved by the City Attorney, and a
certificate from the City Attorney that
such person is entitled to the compen- ;
sation for the lands described in said
conveyance, the Treasurer shall pay to
said person the amount awarded for j
said lot by said judgment of condemna- j
tion, after the demand therefor has
been audited by the Auditor.
Sec. 17. If the owner of any of said
lots or sub-divisions neglect or refuse
for ten days to make and deliver such
conveyance, or be unable by reason of
incapacity to make a good and suffi
cient conveyance thereof to the City
and County, or if the City Attorney
shall certify that the title to any of
said lots is in dispute or uncertain, or
that there are conflicting claimants to I
the amount awarded as compensation
therefor, or to any part thereof, a war
rant upon the treasury for the payment |
of the amount so awarded shall be by
order of the Supervisors drawn by the
President and Secretary of the Board
of Public Works, together with a cer
tificate of the Treasurer indorsed
thereon that the said warrant has been
registered by him and that there an* |
funds in the treasury set apart to pay
the same, shall be deposited with the
County Clerk; and thereupon, upon a
petition to said presiding Judge by the
President of thesaid Board, setting forth
said facts, said Judge shall issue ai»
order ex parte directing the Sheriff to
place said Board in the possession of
said land.
Sec. IS. At any time thereafter any
claimant to said award, or any part
thereof, may file his petition in said
Superior Court against all parties in
interest for an adjudication of all con
flicting claims to the same, or for an
order that the same be paid to him,
and thereupon such proceedings shall
he had thereon as may be agreeable
to law and equity. Upon entry of final
judgment in such proceeding, the
County Clerk shall, after said demand
has been audited by the Auditor, col
lect the warrant and pay the proceeds
to the person or persons named in said
judgment as entitled thereto. It shall
be provided in said Judgment that be
fore receiving the proceeds of said war
rant said party, or some one author
ized in his behalf, shall make and ex
ecute to said City and County and de
liver to the County Clerk a sufficient
conveyance of said lot of land. Im
mediately after taking possession of
the land required for said street, the
Board shall report that fact to the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 19. If any member of the Board
be interested in any of the land to be
taken or assessed for such improve
ment, the Mayor shall appoint, for the
purpose of making the said assess
ment and valuation only, some compe
tent person to act as one of the Com
missioners therefor, who shall possess
the same qualifications as are provided
for said Commissioners, and who, be
fore entering upon his duties, shall
: take the oath of office required of said
Commissioners, and enter into a bond
for such amount as may be fixed by the
Supervisors.
Sec. 20. The Supervisors may, on the
■ written recommendation of the Board
of Public Works, change the grade of
. any street or street crossing in the i
; manner and to the grade set out in
such recommendation; but no grade
shall be changed unless the same pro- j
ceedinps are taken by way of provid
ing compensation to those who may
suffer damage by such change of
grade, so far as such proceedings may
i be applicable, as are hereinbefore pro
; vided in the matter of opening,
straightening, widening and extending
streets; and where such proceedings
; are not applicable they may be sup
plemented by ordinance of the Super
visors.
CHAPTER IV.
Sewers and Drainage.
SECTION 1. The Board of Public
Works shall devise a general system
• of drainage, which shall embrace all
matters relative to the thorough, sys
tematic and effectual drainage of the
City and County, and shall from time
| to time make to the Supervisors such
recommendations upon the subject of
sewerage and drainage as it may deem
: proper.
Sec. 2. The Board shall prescribe the
location, form and material to be used
in the construction, reconstruction and
repairing of all public sewers, man
holes, sinks, drains, cesspools, and all
other appurtenances belonging to the
drainage system, and of every private
drain or sewer emptying into a public
sewer, and determine the place and
j manner of the connection.
Sec. 3. The Board shall recommend
| to the Supervisors rules and regula
tions concerning the public and private
sewers and drains in the City and
County, and upon recommendation of
said Board, the Supervisors are author
. ized to pass an ordinance establishing
the same and prescribing the penalties
| for any violation thereof.
Sec. 4. No person shall connect with,
i or open or penetrate any, public sewer
| or drain without first obtaining a per
mit in writing from said Board, and
■ complying with the rules and regula
tions of the Board in reference thereto.
Sec. 5. The Board may also recom
mend to the Supervisors the construc
tion of such canals, sewers, tunnels,
ditchea, drains, embankments, reser
voirs, pumping works, machinery and
; other works necessary, for the proper
j and effectual drainage of the City and
' County, together with plans for con
; necting the same with sewers and pri
j vate drains already constructed or
| thereafter to be constructed.
Sec. C. The Supervisors may, upon
i the recommendation of the Board of
; Public Works, by ordinance passed by
j not less than fourteen affirmative votes,
1 authorize the purchase of any personal
I property or the acquisition by purchase
!or condemnation of any real estate
which may be necessary for the con
struction of any sewer or the making of
any improvement provided for in this
Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Board may, with the like
approval of the Supervisors, agree with
the owners of any real estate, upon
which it is deemed desirable to con
struct any sewer or other improvement
CHARTEK FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
relative to sewerage or drainage, upon
the amount of damage to be paid to
such owners for the purpose of such
improvement and for the perpetual use
of said real estate for said purpose.
Sec. 8. The Board may, when au
thorized by ordinance of the Supervis
ors passed by not less than fourteeen
affirmative votes, construct such sew
ers, reservoirs and pumping works as
may be necessary to carry out the gen
eral system of sewerage for the City
and County.
Sec. 9. When, upon the recommenda
tion of the Board of Public Works, the
Supervisors shall determine upon any
improvement for the purpose of sewer
age and drainage which necessitates
the acquisition or condemnation of pri
vate property, and the Board is unable
to agree with the owner thereof, upon
the amount of compensation or dam
ages to be paid therefor, or when such
owner is in any way incapable of mak
ing any agreement in reference thereto,
and in all cases in which the Board
shall deem it most expedient, it shall,
when authorized by the Supervisors ex- j
pressed by ordinance, have the right to
cause said property to be condemned,
and to institute proceedings for the
condemnation of such property, or for
the ascertainment of such damages in
the manner, so far as may be applica
ble, which is provided in this Article for
the condemnation of real estate when
necessary for the opening of any new
street.
CHAPTER V.
Harbors and Wharves.
SECTION L All the Wharves, "Water
Front and Harbor of San Francisco
which now belong or may hereafter be
long to the City and County, or over
which it may at any time lawfully ex
ercise Jurisdiction and control, shall be j
under the management and control of |
the Supervisors. All said wharves shall :
be built and repaired by the Board of
Public Works, after proceedings had
as provided in this Article for the im
provement or repair of public build
ings.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall by ordi
nance fix and regulate the tolls for
wharfage and dockage, and shall pro
vide for the collection of the same, ex- ;
cept where the wharves are under the \
jurisdiction of the Board of State Har- \
bor , Commissioners, or may provide j
that no charges, tolls, dockage or |
wharfage be imposed or collected. The j
Supervisors shall not have power to j
dispose of any wharf, but they may
lease any wharf for a term not exceed
ing two years.
ARTICLE VTL
PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND LIBRA
BIES.
CHAPTER I.
The Board of Education.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall be under the control and manage
ment of a Board of Education com
posed of four School Directors, who
shall be appointed by the Mayor, and
who shall give their entire time to the
duties of their office. They shall each
receive an annual salary of three thou
sand dollars. They shall not be less
than thirty years of age and must have
been residents of the City and County
far at least five years prior to their ap
pointment. The Board shall never be
so constituted as to consist of more
than two members of the same politi
cal party. The term of office of the Di
rectors shall be four years. Those first
appointed shall bo classify themselves
by lot that they shall respectively go
out of office at the expiration of one,
two, three and four years.
Sec. 2. The -?oard shall organize by
electing one of its number President,
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor is elected. The Board may
elect a Secretary who shall not be a
member of the Board, and who shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Board shall meet at least
once a week and at such other times as
It may determine. It shall establish
rules for its proceedings; but the con
current vote of the majority of its
members shall be necessary to transact
business. In every instance where a
power is exercised under this Article by
the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes and entered in
the minutes of the Board.
CHAPTER LL
Schools.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall comprise all the public schools of
the City and County and shall include
primary and grammar schools and may
Include evening, deportment, technical,
cosmopolitan, high and normal schools.
Sec. 2. Adults shall be entitled to free
Instruction in the evening schools; but
no child under fourteen years of age
shall be admitted to such schools.
CHAPTER 111.
Powers of the Board of Education.
SECTION 1. In addition to the powers
conferred by the general laws of the
State, the Board of Education shall
have power:
1. To establish and maintain public
schools as provided in this Article, and
to change, modify, consolidate or dis
continue the same as the public wel
fare may require.
2. To employ such teachers and per
sons as may be necessary to carry into
effect its powers and duties; to fix,
alter and approve their salaries and
compensation, and to withhold for good
and sufficient cause the whole or any
part of the wages, salary or compensa
tion of any person or persons employed
as aforesaid; and to promote, transfer
and dismiss teachers; but no teacher
in the department at the time of the
adoption 6f this Charter, or who shall
be hereafter appointed, shall be dis
missed from the department, except
for insubordination, immoral or unpro
fessional conduct, evident unfitness
for teaching. All promotions of teachers
shall be based solely on merit and suc
cessful teaching. Nothing in this sec
tion shall be construed to prevent the
Board from removing teachers holding
only special certificates or serving a
probationary term. Charges against
teachers must be formally made by the
Superintendent after due investigation,
and shall be finally passed upon by the
Board after giving the accused teacher
due hearing.
3. To grant, to renew and, for the
causes mentioned in section one, sub
division two, of this Chapter, to re
voke, teachers' certificates.
4. To establish and enforce all nec
essary rules and regulations for the
! government and efficiency of the
schools and for carrying into effect
the school system; to remedy truancy;
to compel the attendance at school of
children between the ages of six and
fourteen years who may be found idle
in public places during school hours.
5. To Investigate charges against
; any person connected with or in the
employ of the School Department, and
i to take testimony In such investiga
■ tions.
G. To receive, to take on lease and to
hold in trust for the City and County
1 any real estate belonging to or claimed
', by the School Department. To hold in
trust all personal property thit may
have been or may hereafter be ac
quired by the School Department.
7. On or before the first day in April
in each year, to appoint School Census
Marshals, and notify the Superintend
ent of Common' 'hods of such appoint
ments. Any Census Marshal found in
competent may be discharged by the
Superintendent of Common Schools
Should the Board fail or neglect to fili
the vacancy so caused within threedays
thereafter by the appointment of a per
son competent to perform the d'lties of
Census Marshal, such vacancy may be
filled by the Superintendent of Com
mon Schools.
6. To sue In the namo of the City and
County for lots, lands and property be
longing to or claimed by the School
Department. To prosecute and defend
all actions at law or special proceedings
or suits in equity concerning the enjoy
ment and possession cf such lots, lands
and property. To require the services
of the City Attorney in all actions,
suits and proceedings by or against the
Board of Education.
9. To establish regulations for the
disbursement of all moneys belonging
to the School Department or to the I
Common School Fund, and to secure j
strict accountability in the expenditure
thereof; to provide for the prompt pay- i
ment, on not later than the fifth day of i
every month, of all salaries due and al
lowed officers, teachers and other em
ployees of the School Department. For j
this purpose the Auditor shall annually
segregate so much of the Common
School Fund as shall not exceed twen
ty-eight dollars for each pupil in av
erage daily attendance in the Public
Schools of the City and County during i
the preceding fiscal year. The amount !
so segregated shall not be applied to the !
payment of any demand against such j
Common School Fund during any fiscal j
year other than for salaries, until all
salaries for that fiscal year have been
fully paid or provided for. The Board
shall ascertain and transmit to the Au
ditor on or before the first Monday in
April of each year an estimate of the ■
amount required for such segregation
within such limit of twenty-eight dol
lars.
10. All demands payable out of the
Common School Fund shall be filed
with the Secretary of the Board of Ed
ucation, and after they have been ap
proved by the Board, they shall be
signed by the President of the Board
and the Superintendent and sent to the
Auditor. Every demand shall have en
dorsed upon it a certificate, signed by
the Secretary, of Its approval by the
Board of Education, showing the
date thereof, and the law authoriz
ing it by title, date and section.
Every person in the employ of
the School Department entitled to
a salary therefrom shall receive a ]
warrant for the amount due and ap- ;
proved by the Board, signed by the !
President and Secretary thereof. The |
entire monthly salary roll of the De
partment shall be made up by the Sec
retary of the Board, and after being i
duly audited by the Finance Committee j
thereof and approved by a majority of j
all the members of the Board, shall be I
endorsed in the same manner as other
demands. The salary roll so audited,
approved and endorsed, shall be imme
diately transmitted to the Auditor not
later than the third day of every month
for comparison with the individual sal
ary warrants issued in the manner
above provided; but payments shall be j
made only on the individual warrants j
issued in accordance herewith.
11. To lease to the highest responsi- '
ble bidder, for the benefit of the Com
mon School Fund, for a term not ex- i
ceeding twenty years, any real property '
of the School Department not required j
for school purposes; but no lease shall j
be made except after advertisement for i
bids for at least fifteen days in the offl- |
cial newspaper and by an affirmative j
vote of at least three members of the i
Board approved by an ordinance of the I
Supervisors.
12. To receive and manage property
or money acquired by bequest or dona- |
tion in trust for the benefit of any j
school, educational purpose or school I
; library; to carry into effect the terms i
I of any bequest not in conflict with the \
! general laws or this Charter; and to sell i
| such personal property as shall no |
: longer be required for u^o in the ;
: schools. All moneys realized by such ,
sales shall be at once paid Into the j
j treasury to the credit of the Common
School Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board shall annually, be
fore the first day of May, make a list of
supplies estimated to be required by the
School Department for the ensuing fls- \
; cal year, stating In clear and explicit j
terms the quantity and kind of articles ;
i needed and how and when they shall be j
delivered, and shall Invite proposals for j
furnishing the same by advertising ;
! therefor fnr at least ten days in the
official newspaper.
The provisions of Article 11, Chapter
1 111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad- I
; vertising for proposals, the affidavit '
; and security accompanying the same,
the presentation and opening of propo- |
, sals, the awarding of contracts and the :
I security for the performance thereof, ;
shall, so far as the same can be made
applicable, apply to all proposals and
contracts made, awarded or entered
Into for furnishing supplies to the ■
School Department. Any contract made j
in violation of any provision of this :
Article shall be void.
Sec. 3. The Board shall, during each
year, transmit to the Supervisors a re
port in writing for the preceding fiscal
year, stating the number of schools
within its jurisdiction, the length of
time they have been kept open, the
number of pupils tauerht in each school,
the average daily attendance of pu
pils in all the public schools, the
number, names and salaries of teach
ers, the dates of their appointments
and the character of the certificates
held by them, the amount of money
drawn from the treasury by the De
partment during the year, distinguish
ing the State fund from all others, the
purpose for which such money has been
expended, with particulars, and such
other information as may be required
by the State Superintendent, the Super
visors or the Mayor.
Sec. 4. The Board shall, between the
first and twenty-first days of May of
each year, adopt a schedule of salaries
for the next ensuing fiscal year for
teachers and all employees of the
School Department.
CHAPTER IV.
Superintendent of Schools.
SECTION 1. The Superintendent of
Common Schools of the City and Coun
ty shall be by virtue of his office a
member of the Board of Education,
without the right to vote. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of four thousand
dollars.
See. 2. The Superintendent shall ap
point four Deputy Superintendents.
The number of such deputies shall not
be increased until the average daily at
tendance shall have reached forty-five
thousand, when the Superintendent
shall appoint one additional deputy,
and thereafter he shall appoint one
deputy for each additional eight
thousand children in average daily
attendance. If from any cause a
vacancy occurs in the office of Deputy
Superintendent, such vacancy shall be
filled by the Superintendent.
Sec. 3. Of the Deputy Superin
tendents first appointed, the Superin
tendent shall appoint two for two
years and two for four years. All
Deputy Superintendents subsequently
appointed shall hold office for four
years.
Sec. 4. Such deputies must have had
at least ten years' successful experi
ence as teachers, and shall have been
residents of the City and County at
least five years preceding their ap
pointment.
Sec. 6. in addition to the duties im
posed by the general laws of the State,
it shall be the duty of the Superin
tendent:
1. To observe and enforce all rules
and regulations of the Board of Educa
tion and to see that no religious or sec
tarian books or teachings are allowed
in the schools.
2. To report to the Board of Educa
tion annually, on or before the twen
tieth day of August, and at such other
times as the Board may require, all
matters pertaining to the condition and
progress of the public schools of the
City and County during the fiscal year,
with such recommendations as he may
deem proper.
3. To inform the Board of the con
dition of the schools, schoolhouses and
of other matters connected therewith,
and to recommend such measures as
he may deem necessary for the ad
vancement of education in the City and
County, and for the care and improve
ment of the property of the School De- I
partment.
4. To visit and examine with the as
sistance of his deputies all the schools
at least twice a year and determine
their standing and classification. To
recommend rules for the promotion of
pupils from grade to grade, from
school to school, and for the transfer
and the graduation of pupils.
5. To recommend to the Board the
courses of studies; the text-books and j
books for supplementary use in the
public schools and the purchase of such
apparatus, books, stationery and other i
class-room supplies as may be required
in the schools.
6. To report to the Board once a
month upon the standing of schools ex
amined by him and his deputies.
Sec. 6. The Superintendent and his
deputies shall constitute the City
Board of Examination, and shall have
power :
1. To examine applicants, and to
prescribe a standard of proficiency,
which will entitle the person examined
to receive:
a. A high school certificate, valid for ;
six years, which shall authorize the |
holder to teach any primary, gram
mar, or high school in the City and
County.
b. A City certificate, grammar
grade, valid for six years, which shall
authorize the holder to teach any
primary or grammar school in the City
and County.
o. A City certificate, primary grade,
valid for two years, which shall au
thorize the holder to teach any primary
school in the City and County. They
shall report the result of the examina
tion to the Board of Education, and
the Board shall thereupon issue to the
successful candidates the certificates
to which they shall be entitled.
2. To recommend applicants for
special certificates valid for a period
not to exceed six years, upon such
special studies as may be authorized by
the Board of Education.
3. For immoral or unprofessional
conduct, profanity, intemperance, or
evident unfitness for teaching, to
recommend to the Board of Education
the revocation of any certificates pre
viously granted by the Board.
4. To recommend the granting of
City certificates and the renewal
thereof, in the manner provided for the
granting and renewal of County cer
tificates by County Boards of Educa- j
tion in section seventeen hundred and
seventy-five of the Political Code.
CHAPTER V.
School Tax Levy.
SECTION 1. The Board of Education
shall, on or before the first Monday of
April in each year, report to the Super- \
visors an estimate of the amount which !
shall be required during the ensuing
fiscal year for the purpose of meeting !
the current annual expenses of public
instruction in the City and County,
specifying the amount required for sup
plies to be furnished pupils, including
text books for indigent children; for
purchasing and procuring sites; for
leasing rooms or erecting buildings; for
furnishing, fitting up, altering, enlarg
ing and repairing buildings; for the
support of schools organized since the
last annual apportionment; for the sal- ;
ary of the School Directors, Superinten- I
dent, Deputy Superintendents, and all :
other persons employed in the School j
Department, and for other expenditures
necessary for the administration of the
Public School System; but the aggre
gate amount so reported for any one
year shall not exceed the sum of thirty
two dollars and fifty cents for each pu
pil, who in the fiscal year immediately
prior thereto actually attended the
schools entitled to participate In the
apportionment thereof.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors at the time
and in the manner of levying and col
lecting other city and county taxes
I shall levy and cause to be collected for
: the Common School Fund a tax which,
! added to the regular revenue derived
! from other sources, shall produce an
I amount of money which shall not ex
ceed thirty-two dollars and fifty cents j
for each pupil in attendance during the
preceding fiscal year, as ascertained
and reported by the Board of Educa
| tion.
Sec. 3. In case of extreme emergency
or great calamity, such as disaster from
fire, riot, earthquake or public enemy,
| the Board of Education may, with the
: approval of the Mayor and Supervisors,
; incur extraordinary expenditures in ex
cess of the annual limit provided for in
j this Charter, for the repair and con
struction and furnishing of school
houses in place of those so injured or
I destroyed. The Supervisors may. by
| ordinance, cause to be transferred to
i the Common School Fund, from moneys
I in any fund not otherwise appropriated,
! sufficient money to liquidate such ex
penditures, and provide for the same in
Uhe next tax levy of the City and Coun
ty.
CHAPTER VI.
School Houses and Lots.
SECTION 1. When any locality In
the City and County is unprovided
with sufficient school accommodations,
the Board of Education may, by reso
lution, make a requisition upon the
Board of Public Works for plans and
specifications and estimates for a new
school house, specifying the number of
class rooms needed, the location of the
proposed school house, the date on
which It should be completed, the
amount of money In the School Fund
available for the purpose, and such
other information as will enable the
Board of Public Works to prepare the
necessary plans, specifications and esti
mates of cost for such school house.
If such plans, specifications and esti
mates are approved by the Board of
Education, they shall be endorsed
"Approved," with the date of such ap
proval, by the President and Secretary
thereof, and returned to the Board of
Public Works, which shall proceed
without delay to have such school
house constructed and completed In ac
cordance therewith.
When such school house Is complet
ed, the Board of Public Works shall
notify the Board of Education to ex
amine the same, and if it has been
built in accordance with the plans and
specifications and within the estimated
cost thereof, the Board of Education
shall accept and take possession of it.
Sec. 2. When an - school house, build
ing, fence or other property belonging
to, or connected with, or under the
control of. the Board of Education,
needs repairing, altering or improv
ing, the Board shall notify the
Board of Public Works, specifying
in general terms the work to be
done. The Board of Public Works
shall cause the same to be done forth
with, if the cost thereof shall not ex
ceed two hundred and fifty dollars;
otherwise the Board of Public Works
shall submit plans, specifications and
estimates of cost to the Board of Edu
cation for its approval, and if approved
as provided in section one of this Chap
ter, the Board of Public Works shall
cause the same to be done, and if done
in accordance with the plans and speci
fications, and within such estimate, the
same shall be accepted and shall b»
paid for out of the Common School
Fund.
Sec. 3. "When it is necessary to pur
chase a lot for the use of the School
Department, the price paid for such lot
shall not exceed the market value of
adjacent property of equal size and
similarly situated. Any school build
ing hereafter constructed shall have a
clear space of at least ten feet around
the same.
CHAPTER Vn.
Public Library and Beading Booms.
SECTION 1. The Public Library and
Reading Rooms of the City and County
shall be under the management of a
Board of twelve Trustees, one of whom
shall be the Mayor of the City and Coun
ty, who shall be a member of the Board
by virtue of his office. The Board of
Trustees of said Library and Reading
Rooms In office at the time this Char
ter shall take effect shall continue to
constitute the Board of Trustees of
said Public Library and Reading
Rooms; and all vacancies therein shall
be filled by said Board. None of said
Trustees shall receive any compensa
tion for his services.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall, for
the purpose of maintaining such
Library and Reading Rooms and !
such branches thereof as the Board of j
Library Trustees may from time to
time establish, and for purchasing
books, journals and periodicals, and for
purchasing or leasing real and personal
property, and for constructing such
buildings as may be necessary, an
nually levy a tax on all property in j
the City and County not exempt from |
taxation which shall not be less than i
one and one-half cents nor more than '
two and one-half cents upon each o-ne ;
hundred dollars assessed valuation of |
said property. The proceeds of said j
tax shall be credited to the Library j
Fund.
Sec. 3. All revenue from such tax,
together with all money or property
derived by gift, devise, bequest or
otherwise, for the purpose of the Li
brary, shall be paid into the treasury j
and be designated as the Library j
Fund and be applied to the purposes j
herein authorized. If such payment
into the treasury should be Inconsistent
with the conditions or terms of any j
such gift, devise or bequest, the Board
shall provide for the safety and pres
ervation of the same and the applica
tion thereof to the use of the Library j
and Reading Rooms, In accordance with [
the terms and conditions of »uch sriit,
devise or bequest.
Sec. 4. The title to all property, real
and personal now owned or hereafter
acquired by purchase, gift, devise, be
quest or otherwise, for the purpose of
the Library and Reading Rooms, when |
not inconsistent with the terms of its \
acquisition, shall vest in the City and i
County, and in the name of the City j
and County may be sued for and de- j
fended by action at law or otherwise.
Sec. 5. The Board shall take charge j
of the Public Library and Reading
Rooms, and the branches thereof, and
of all real and personal property there
unto belonging, or that may be ac- I
quired by loan, purchase, gift, devise I
or otherwise, when not inconsistent
with the terms and conditions of the
gift, devise or bequest. It shall meet
for business purposes at least once a
month, and at such other times as it
may appoint in a place to be provided !
for the purpose. A majority of the
Board shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business. It shall
elect one of its number President,
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor Is elected, and shall elect
a Librarian and Secretary and auch as
sistants as may be necessary. The
Secretary shall keep a full account of
all property. mon»i f , receipts and ex
penditures and a record of all its pro
ceedings.
Sec. 6. The Board, by a majority vote
of all its members to be recorded in its
minutes with the ayes and noes, shall
have power:
1. To make and enforce all rules,
regulations and by-laws necessary for
the administration, government and
protection of the Library and Reading
Rooms and branches thereof, and all
property belonging thereto, or that
may be loaned thereto.
2. To administer any trust declared
or created for such Library and Read
[ ing Rooms and branches thereof, and
I provide memorial tablets and niches to
i perpetuate the memory of those per
1 sons who may make valuable donations
! theneto.
?,. To define the powers and pre
scribe the duties of all officers; deter
'< mine the number of and elect all nec
| essary subordinate officers and asslst
i ants, and for gr.-od and sufficient cause
: to remove any officer or assistant.
4. To purchase books, journals, pub
■ lications and other personal property.
5. To order the drawing and pay
; ment upon vouchers, certified by the
i President and Secretary, of money
i from the Library Fund for any liability
j or authorized expenditure.
6. To fix the salaries of the Librarian
j and Secretary and their assistants;
i and, with the approval of the Super
visors, expressed by ordinance, to prect
ar.d equip such building or buildings,
room or rooms, as may be necessary
; for the Library and Reading Rooms
, and branches thereof.
7. To establish such branches of the
I Library and Reading Rooms as the
growth of the City and County may
from time to time demand.
Sec. 8. The Supervisors shall have
! power to appropriate and authorize
i the use, either in whole or in part, of
any real estate belonging to the City
and County, for the purpose of erect
i ing and maintaining a building or
buildings thereon to be used for the
, Library and Reading Rooms, or
branches thereof, and may appropriate
the whole or any portion of any public
building belonging to the City and
County for such use.
ARTICLE Vm.
POLICE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER L
Organization.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall consist of a Board of Police Com
: missioners, a Chief of Police, a Police
j Force, and of such clerks and em
ployes as shall be necessary to carry
: into effect the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 2. All members of the Police De
! partment shall hold office during good
behavior, subject to the provisions
hereinafter set forth relating to pro
motions, suspensions, dismissals and
I disratements.
Sec. 3. No person shall become a
member of the Department unless he
shall be a citizen of the United States,
of good character for honesty and so-
I briety, able to read and write the Eng
lish language, and a resident of the
City and County for at least five years
next preceding his appointment
Every appointee to the Department
I shall not be less than twenty-one nor
! more than thirty-five years of age
; must possess the physical qualifications
; required for recruits of the United
; States Army, and before his appoint
i ment must pass a satisfactory medical
examination under such rules and
: regulations as may be prescribed by
the Board of Police Commissioners.
: In making appointments of members
of the Department, the Board shall
never regard the political or religious
1 preferences or affiliations of any can
! didate.
CHAPTEB 11.
Police Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall be under the management of a
Board of Police Commissioners consist
ing of four members who shall be ap
pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed such Commissioner
who shall not have been an elector of
the City and County for at least five
years next preceding his appointment.
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
constituted as to consist of more than
two members of the same political
party. The term of office of the Com
missioners shall be fouy years. Those
first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot that they shall respec
tively go out of office at the expiration
of one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Police
Commissioners holding office in the
City and County at the time this
Charter shall go into effect by virtue of
appointment under any statute or law
of this State.
Sec. 4. The Police Commissioners
shall organize by electing one of their
number President, who shall hold such
office for one year. The Board shall
appoint a Secretary, who shall receive
an annual salary of fifteen hundred
dollars. The sessions of the Board
shall be public, except that executive
sessions may be held whenever deemed
property the Board. The Board shall
meet at least once a week in the rooms
of the Police Department, or in case of
tubllc emergency at such place as the
Board may select. The Secretary must
keep minutes of its proceedings; and
in every case where a power is exer-
Ssed b? the Board under this Article
the ayes and noes thereon shall be J*
tered therein.
CHAPTEB HL
Powers of the Board.
SECTION 1. The Board of Police
Commissioners shall have P ower:
1. To appoint, promote suspend dis
rate or dismiss any member of the De
partment in the manner hereinafter
Pr 2°° VTV To d prescribe rules and regulation
for the government, discipline equip
ment and uniform of the Department,
and from time to time to alter or re
peal the same, and to prescribe pena.
ties for the violations of any of such
rules and regulations. All such rules
and regulations must be reasonable.
3. To grant permits to any person
desiring to engage in the sale of liquor
in less quantity than one quart, and to
grant permits to any person engaged in
the business of selling liquor to bo
drunk on the premises, and to re\(
any such permit when it shall appear
to the Board that the business oftne
person to whom such permit was given
is conducted in a disorderly or lm
proper manner. Without such permit
none of suoh persons shall engage in
the business of selling liquor. If tne
Board refuse to grant such permit, or
propose to revoke any permit tnat naa
been granted, the person who is re
fused such permit or whose permit it is
proposed to revoke, shall be entitled to
be heard before the Board in person,
or through counsel, and to have, rree
of charge, all reasonable facilities at
the hearing. Such permits shall not be
granted for more than three months at
one time, and they shall distinctly state
the name of the person to whom the
same is given, and the description x>T
the premises where such business :jjfcQ
be carried on. Such permits shall a.m^.,
times be subject to inspection by any
member of the Department. Comp
laints to revoke permits granted by
the Board mutt be in writing, signed
by the person making the same and
filed with the Secretary of the Board ;
and a copy thereof certified by t£e
Secretary must be served upon the
party complained against at least five
days before the time set for the hearing
of the complaint.
4. At Its discretion, upon the peti
tion of any person, firm or corporation,
to appoint, and at pleasure to remove,
special police officers. Such officers
shall be subject to all the rules and
regulations of the Board.
5. To provide for the care, restitu
tion or sale at annual public auction or
all unclaimed property that may come
into the possession of the Property
Clerk, and to direct the destruction of
such property as shall consist of im
plements, weapons, property or any
other article, matter or thing used In
the commission of crime.
6. To appoint Police Matrons for the
care of female prisoners and to pro
vide rules and regulations for the gov
ernment of the same.
7. To appoint a Police Surgeon who
shall receive an annual salary of fif
teen hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The President may convene
I the Board for special meetings. The
Secretary of the Board shall be the offi
cial custodian of all records and official
documents of the Board.
CHAPTER IV.
The Chief of Police.
SECTION 1. The Chief of Police shall
be appointed by the Board of Police
Commissio. ers and hold office tot
the term of four years. He shall iV
ceive an annual salary ,of four thoil
sand dollars. He shall have control,
management and direction of all mem
bers of the Department in the lawful
exercise of his functions, with full
power to detail any of them to such
public service as he may direct, and
with like power to suspend temporarily
any member of the Department. In all
cases of such suspension, he shall im
mediately report the same to the Board
with the reasons therefor in writing.
He shall maintain and enforce law and
rigid discipline so as to secure com
plete efficiency of the Department. He
shall, subject to the directions and or
ders of the Commissioners, have con
trol of such of the prisons of the City
and County as are not by the general
law under the control of the Sheriff.
Sec. 2. In the suppression of any
riot, public tumult, disturbance of the
public peace, or organized resistance
against the laws or public authority,
the Chief of Police shall, in the lawful
exercise of his functions, have all the
powers that are now or may be con
ferred on Sheriffs by the laws of the
State.
Sec. 3. The Chief of Police shall be
the chief executive officer of the De
partment. He shall be chargeable with
and responsible for the execution of all
laws and ordinances and the rules and
regulations of the Department. He
shall see that the orders and process
issued by the Police Court and such
other orders and process as may be
placed in his hands are promptly exe
cuted, and shall exercise such other
powers connected with his office as
may be provided for in the general
rules and regulations of the Commis
sioners.
Sec. 4. The Chief of Police shall keep
a public office in which he shall have
the Statutes of this State and of the
United States, and all necessary works
on criminal law. In case of his tempo
rary absence some competent member
of the Department, by him designated
for that purpose, shall be in attendance
at all hours of the day and night; and
in such case he shall make known to
such member of the Department whe/^
he can be found.
Sec. 5. The Chief of Police shall de
tail one or more of the members of the
Department to attend constantly on the
Police Court and to execute its orders
and process. He shall detail at his
pleasure members of the Department to
act as his Chief Clerk, Assistant Clerks,
Prison Keepers and Property Clerk..
Said Chief Clerk and said Property
Clerk shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec 6. The Chief of Police may from
time to time disburse such sums for
contingent expenses of the Department,
as in his judgment shall be for the best
interest of the City and County, to bo
paid out of -the contingent fund allowed
the Department. The aggregate of all
such sums shall not in any one fiscal
year exceed the sum of ten thousand
dollars. Provision shall be made by the
Supervisors for such contingent fund in
the annual tax levy. The Commission
ers shall allow and order paid out of
such contingent fund as contingent ex
penses of the Police Department, upon
orders signed by the Chief of Police,
such amounts as may be required.
Sec. 7. The Chief of Police shall pos
sess powers of general police Inspection,
supervision and control, over all pawn
l brokers, peddlers, junk-shop keepers,
! dealers in second-hand merchandise,
| auctioneers and intelligence office keep
; ers. All persons engaged in snid call
in.es nust first procure permits from tho
i Commippioners. In the exercise of such
j power the Chiof may by authority in
I writing from time to time empower
■ members of the Police Department,
j when in search of property feloniously
I obtained or in search of suspected of
i fenders, or in search of evidence to con-
I vict any person charged with crime, to
examine the books and the premises of
any such person. Any such member of
the Police Department, when thereunto
empowered in writing by the Chief of
Police, may examine property alleged
to have been pawned, pledged, deposit^
ed, lost, strayed or stolen.
CHAPTER V.
Subordinate Officers.
SECTION 1. Subordinate officers ofthe Police Department shall consist of i
Captains, who shall each receive an
annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars; Lieutenants, who shall each i
receive an annual salary of sixteen
hundred and eighty dollars; Sergeants,
who shall each receive an annual salary
of fifteen hundred dollars; and Corpor
als, who shall each receive an annual
salary of fourteen hundred and four i
f dollars. .
iStjc. 2. There shall be one Captain
for each one hundred police officers.
The duties of Captains shall be defined
by the rules and regulations of the
. Commissioners and by the orders of the
;•• Chief of I'olice.
■ Sec. 3. There shall be one Lieutenant
for every fifty police officers. Th>e du
tiis of the Lieutenants shall be defined
• by the rules and regulations of the
Commissioners, by the orders of the
.Chief of Police, and by the orders of
.their respective Captains.
..■'. Sec. 4. There shall be as many Ser
geants as in the judgment of the Com
missioners may bo advisable, not to ex
cme Sergeant fur every ten police
oi!:< . ■:>'. The duties of Sergeants shall
be defined by the rules and regulations
.of th<s Commissioners, the orders of the
; Chief of Police, and the orders of their
respective Captains and Lieutenants.
Bee. 5. There shall be as many Cor
porals as in the judgment of the Com
ritfssioners may be advisable. The du
ties of Corporals shall be defined b ■ the
rules and regulations of the Commis
sioners;, the orders of the Chief of Po
lice, and the orders of their respective
Captains, Lieutenants and Sergeants.
• . The Chief of Police may detail
for detective duties such members of
the I 'epartment as he may select, not
to es eed twenty-five. He shall desig
nate a (aptain of Police to- act as Cap
tain over the officers so detailed who
shall receive an annual salary of three
thousand dollars. Such Captain shall
rank as Captain of Detectives, and his
duties shall be defined by the Commis
sioners and by the Chief of Police. The
members so detailed shall be known
nnii ranked as Detective Sergeants.
•Each of said Detective Sergeants shall
r receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. They may be re
moved at any time from such detail by
the Chi^f of Police. Their duties shall
be defined by the rules and regulations
of the Commissioners, by the orders of
the Chief of Police, and by the orders
of the Captain of Detectives.
CHAPTER VI.
Police Officers.
SECTION 1. The Police Force of the
City and County «hall not exceed one
Police Officer for each five hundred in
habitants thereof. Police Officers shall
receive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred and twenty-four dollars.
Sec. 2. Every Police Officer shall,
upon the arrest of any person charged
with the commission of crime, search
the person of such offender, and take
from him all property and weapons,
and forthwith deliver the same to the
prison keeper, who must deliver the
same to the Property Clerk, to be kept
by him until other disposition be made
thereof according to law.
Sw\ 3. Police Officers shall be health
officers by virtue of their office.
CHAPTER VII.
Promotions, Suspensions, Dismissals
and Disratements.
SECTION 1. All promotions In the
Department shall be from the next
lower rank, seniority of service and
meritorious public service being con
sidered.
2. Any member of the Depart
ment guilty of any offense, or vtolftilos
of rules and regulations, shall be
liable to be punished by reprimand, or
by fine to bo fixed by the Commission
ers, or by dismissal from the Depart
ment; but no fine shall ever be imposed
at any one time for any offense ex
ceeding one month's salary.
Sec. 3. No member of the Department
Fhall be subject to dismissal for any
cause, or to punishment for an" breach
cf duty or misconduct therein, except
nfter a fair and impartial trial before
the Commissioners upon a verified com
plaint filed with the Board setting forth
specifically the acts complained of. and
after such reasonable no-tice to him of
the time and place of hearing as the
Board may by rule prescribe. The ac
cused shall be entitled upon such hear
ing to appear personally and by coun-
Fel; to have a public trial: and to se
cure and enforce free of expense to him
th» attendance of all witnesses neces
sary for his defense.
CHAPTER VIII.
Unclaimed and Stolen Property.
SECTION" 1. All property or money
taken under suspicion of having been
stolen or feloniously obtained, the re
sult of crime or constituting the pro
ceeds of crime, and all property or
money taken from intoxicated or in
sane persons, vi other persons Incapa
ble of taking care of themselves, or
property or money lost or abandoned
that may in any way come into the
possession or custody of any member
of the Department, or of any Criminal
Court or Judge of the City and
County, shall be delivered to the Prop
erty Clerk, who shall enter in a Record
to be kept by him for that pur
pose, a full and explicit description of
the same, together with the name of
the person or persons from whom re
ceived, the names of any claimants
thereto, the time of the seizure, and the
final disposition thereof.
Sec. 2. When property or money taken
frrrm any person arrested, or otherwise
under suspicion of having been feloni
ously obtain^, or of being the proceeds
of crime, is brought with the claimant
thereof and the person arrested, before
a court for examination and adjudica
tion, and the Court shall adjudge that
the person arrested is innocent of the
offense alleged, and that the property
or money belongs to him. It shall or
der such property or money returned
to the accused, and the Property Clerk
shall thereupon deliver such property
nr money to him personally, but not to
his attorney or agent. If upon such
hearing the accused shall be held for
trial or examination, such property or
money shall remain in thp custody of
the Property Clerk until, the discharge
or conviction of the person accused.
Bee. 3. All unclaimed property and
money that has been in the custody of
the Property Clerk for one year shall
be sold at public auction, after having
been five times advertised in the official ;
newspaper; and the proceeds of such j
pale shall be paid Into the treasury to
the credit of the Police Relief and Pen- j
sion Fund. In no case shall such prop
erty be sold or disposed of until the ne- '
cesslty for the use thereof as evidence
has ceased. The proceeds of property
taken from Insane persons shall not
become part of such Fund until after
the expiration of three years from the I
time the same Is paid into the treasury:
but the Commissioners and the Chief j
of Police shall, during such period, j
make diligent inquiry to ascertain the ■
person or persons to whom the same
should by right be payable.
Sec. 4. Tf sny property or money In
the custody of the Property Clerk be re
quired as evidence in any Court, It
shall be delivered to any officer who
shall present an order In writing to
that effect from such Court, and the !
f'Wks of such Court shall be responsi
ble for the safe delivery of such prop
erty or money to the Property Clerk.
Pec. R. All valuables and money In
the custody of the Property Clerk shall
he deposited by him for safe keeping
with the Treasurer In such manner and
subject to such rules and regulations
as may be prescribed by the Board.
CHAPTER IX.
Present Police Force.
SECTION 1. All members of the
present Police Force in good standing
In the Department at the time this
Charter goes into effect, and the Park
Police, shall continue therein without
Civil Service examination; but all new
appointments and all promotions made
after this Charter shall go into effect
shall be subioct to and governed by
Article XIII of this Charter.
CHAPTER X.
Police Relief and Pension Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue in \
' force and make effectual pensions
; already existing in favor of the Police
Force, a Fund is hereby created to be
known and designated as the Police
Relief and Pension Fund. The Board j
! of Police Commissioners and its sue- |
cessors in office shall constitute a !
Board of Trustees of said Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board of Police Com-j
missioners may, by a unanimous vote, j
retire and relieve from service any j
aged, infirm or disabled member of the ;
Department who has arrived at the
age of sixty-five years, and who, upon
an examination by two regularly cer
tificated practicing physicians appointed
by the Commissioners for that pur
pose, may be ascertained to be by rea
son of such age, infirmity or other dis- j
ability, unfit for the performance of his i
duties. Such retired member shall re- j
ceive from the Police Relief and Pen- !
' sion Fund a monthly pension equal to j
, one-half of the amount of the salary |
attached to the rank held by him three j
years prior to the date of his retire- j
ment- No such pension shall be paid -
unless such person has been an active :
member of the Department for twenty |
years continuously next preceding his j
retirement, and the same shall cease at j
his death.
Sec. 3. Any member of the Depart
ment who shall become physically dis
abled by reason of any bodily injury
received in the performance of his
duty, upon his filing with the Commis
sioners a verified petition setting forth
the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of Po
lice, the Captain of the Company to
which he belongs, and by two regularly
certificated physicians of the City and
County recommending his retirement
upon a pension on account of such dis~
i ability, may be retired from the De
partment upon an annual pension
equal to one-half the amount of salary |
attached to the rank which he may j
have held three years prior to the date |
of such retirement, to be paid to him
; during his life and to cease at his
death. In case his disability shall cease |
his pension shall cease, and he shall be j
restored to the service in the rank he i
! occupied at the time of his retirement.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Police Relief and Pension Fund,
provide for the family of any officer,
member or employe of the Department
who may be killed while in the* per-
I formanee of his duty, as follows:
First — Should the decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she may j
remain unmarried be paid & monthly !
pension equal to one-half of the salary
attached to the rank held by the de
cedent at the time of his death.
Second— Should the decedent leave no ;
widow, but leave an orphan child or ;
children under the age of sixteen years,
such children shall collectively receive
, a pension equal to one-half the salary
attached to the position held by their
father at the time of his death, until
the youngest attains the age of sixteen !
i years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no !
widow and no orphan child or children, |
but leave a parent or parents depend- |
ing solely upon him for support, such j
parents, so depending, shall collectively |
receive a pension equal to one-half the
1 salary attached to the position held by j
the decedent at the time of his death, ;
during such time as the Commissioners
may unanimously determine its ne
cessity.
Sec. 5. Any person receiving a pen- j
sion as aforesaid from the Police Relief
and Pension Fund, who shall be con
victed of felony, shall become dissl
pated, an habitual drunkard, or shall
become a non-resident of this State,
shall forfeit all right to said pension.
Sec. 6. When any member of the De- I
partment shall, after ten years' service, j
die from natural causes, then his wid
ow, and if there be no widow, then his
children, or if there be no widow or
children, then his mother if dependent i
upon him for support, shall be entitled
to a sum equal to the amount retained .
by the Treasurer from the pay of sucft j
deceased member and paid into the Re- i
lief and Pension Fund; but the provi- I
sions of this section shall not apply to
any member of the Department who
, shall have received any pension under
the terms of this Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
rules and regulations to carry out the |
provisions of this Chapter and to en
force compliance therewith on the part
'of the members of the Department. It
shall make up an estimate every year |
of the amount required to pay all de- i
mands on the Police Relief and Pension i
Fund for the succeeding fiscal year, and
certify the same to the Supervisors in
connection with and as a part of the
annual appropriation for the Police .
Department.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners may, on |
notice to the Chief of Police, reward j
any member of the Department for j
conduct which is heroic or meritorious. |
The form or the amount of such reward j
shall be discretionary with the Board; j
but it shall not exceed in any one in- j
stance one month's salary.
Sec. 9. The Board of Police Pension j
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
teiiy meetings on the" first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of j
each year, and upon the call of its |
President. It shall issue warrants, •
signed by its President and Secretary, i
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to such
persons from the Relief and Pension
Fund. Each warrant shall state for
what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Police Pension Fund
Commissioners shall keep a public rec
ord of Its proceedings. It shall at each j
quarterly meeting send to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or I
printed list of all persons entitled to j
payment from the Relief and Pension ;
Fund, stating the amounts of such j
payments, and for what granted. Such j
list shall be certified and signed by the
President and Secretary of the Board.
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
as The Police Relief and Pension Fund
Book. All warrants signed by the
President and Secretary of the Board
shall be presented to the Auditor, and
be audited and ordered paid by him
I out of said Fund.
Sec. 10. The Board of Police Pension
! Fund Commissioners shall possess the
; powers vested in the Board of Police
I Commissioners to make rules and
! regulations for Its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary, and provide for
the payment from said Fund of all
its necessary expenses, not exceeding
i fifty dollars for any one month, includ
, Ing the salary of the Secretary and
1 printing. No compensation shall be
I paid to any member of the Board for
! any duty required or performed as Po
: lice Relief and Pension Fund Commis
i sioner.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall annu
ally, when the tax levy is made, direct
the payment into the aforesaid Fund of
the following moneys:
1. Not less than five nor more than
ten per centum of all moneys collected
and received from licenses for the
keeping of places where spirituous,
malt or other intoxicating liquors are
sold.
2. One-half of all moneys received
from taxes or from licenses upon dogs.
3. All moneys received from fines
imposed, upon members of the Police
Department for violation of law or the
rules or regulations thereof.
4. All proceeds of sales of unclaimed
property.
6. Not less than one-fourth nor mor*
than one-half of all moneys received
from licenses from pawnbrokers, bil
liard hall keepers, dealers in second
hand merchandise, and from Junk
stores.
6. All moneys received from fines for
carrying concealed weapons.
CHARTER FOR THE CITY A^D COUNTY OF SAIS FRANCISCO.
7. Twenty-five per centum of all fines
collected in money for violation of any
ordinance.
8. All rewards to members of the Po
lice Department, except such as shall
be excepted by the Commissioners.
9. The Treasurer shall retain from
the pay of each member of the Police
Force two dollars a month, which shall
be forthwith paid into the Police Reliel
and Pension Fund. No other or further
retention or reduction shall be made
from such pay for any other fund or
purpose unless the same is herein au
thorized.
Sec. 12. When a request is made for
regular policemen to be detailed at any
place of amusement or entertainment,
ball, party or picnic, the party or per
son making such request shall first de
posit two dollars and fifty cents for
each man so detailed with the Property
Clerk of the Department, who shall
give him a receipt for the same, and
such sum shall be at once paid into the
treasury to the credit of the Police Re
lief and Pension Fund.
Sec. 13. On the last day of June of
each year, or as soon thereafter as
practicable, the Auditor shall make a
report to the Supervisors of all moneys
paid out of such Fund during the pre
vious year, and of the amount then to
the credit of such Fund. The surplus
then remaining in such Fund exceeding
the average annual amount paid out of
such Fund during the three years next
preceding shall be transferred to and
become a part of the Surplus Fund, and
shall be no longer under the control of
the Board, or subject to its order. Pay
ments provided for in this Chapter
shall be made quarterly upon proper
vouchers. When in any one year a de
ficiency shall exist in such Fund, such
deficiency shall be provided for and
made good by the Supervisors In their
next ensuing tax levy.
ARTICLE IX.
FIRE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Organization and Powers.
SECTIOJN 1. The Fire Department
shall be under the management of a
Board of Fire Commissioners consist
ing of four members, who shall be ap
pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary
of twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed a Fire Commission
er who shall not have been an elector
of the City and County for at least five
years next preceding his appointment, i
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
constituted as to consist of more than
two members of the same political
party. The term of office of the Com
missioners shall be four years. Those
first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot that they shall respective
ly go out of office at the expiration of
one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Fire Commis
sioners holding office in the City and
County at the time this Charter shall j
go into effect by virtue of appointment
under any statute or law of this State.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
ganize by electing one of their number
President who shall hold office for one
year. The Board may appoint a Secre
tary who shall perform such duties as
the Board may prescribe. He shall re- |
ceive an annual salary of twenty-four |
hundred dollars. The Board shall meet
at least once a week, and as often as
the business of tha Department may (
require, and all its meetings shall be
public.
Sec. 5. The Board shall organize the
Department, create and establish such
fire companies as it may deem neces
sary, prescribe the number and duties
of the officers, members and employees j
of the Department, and the uniforms i
and badges to be worn by them; have
control of all the property and equip- j
ments of the Department, and exercise
full power and authority over all ap- |
propriations made for tha use of the
Department.
Sec. 6. All persons appointed to posi
tions in the Department must be cltl- |
zens of the United States, not less than
twenty-one nor more than thirty-five
years of age, of good character for
honesty and sobriety, able to read and
write th*» English language, residents
of the City and County at least five
years next preceding the date of their
appointment, must pass a medical ex
amination under such rules and regu
lations as may be prescribed by the
Commissioners, and upon such exam
ination be found in sound bodily health.
Sec. 7. No officer, member or employee
of the Department shall be appointed,
transferred, or removed because of his
political opinions, nor shall he be
transferred or dismissed except for
cause, nor until after a trial before the
Commissioners.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall see
that the officers, members and em
ployees of the Department faithfully :
discharge their duties, and that the
laws, ordinances and regulations per- |
taining to the Department are carried
Into effect. The Board shall make such
rules and regulations as may be neces
sary to secure discipline and efficiency
in the Department, and for any viola
tion of such rules and regulations may
impose reasonable fines upon the of
ficers, members and employees of the
Department, or may suspend any of
them for such reasonable time as the
Board may by rule prescribe. Such
fines shall be deducted from the month
ly warrants of the officers, members
and employees upon whom they are
Imposed, and shall be transferred by
the Treasurer to the Firemen's Relief
and Pension Fund.
Sec. 9. The Clerk and Commissary of
the Fire Department Corporation
Yards shall not deliver any supplies or
stores of the Fire Department except
upon an order signed by the Chief En
gineer and the Secretary of the Com
missioners: but during a conflagration,
such material or apparatus as may be
required for the purpose of extinguish
ing such conflagration may be with
drawn from said Corporation Yards by
order of the Chief Engineer, or by any
officer In charge of the force of the
Department at such conflagration.
Sec. 10. No member or employee of
the Fire Department shall be engaged
in any other employment.
CHAPTER IL
Duties of the Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall immediately after their
appointment and qualification proceed
to reorganize the Fire Department in
conformity with the provisions of this
Charter. In so doing the Board shall
make its appointments of officers and
members from the persons constituting
the force in the service of the Fire De
partment at the time this Charter goes
into effect. Such officers and members
shall not be required to pass any Civil
Service examination. All future ap
pointments and promotions shall be
made subject to the provisions of Arti
cle XIII of this Charter. If any reduc
tion is made in the force of the Depart
ment, the Commissioners may tempo
rarily discharge those persons, whose
discharge shall be most conducive to
the efficient reorganization of the De
partment, but in case of a subsequent
increase of the force, those temporarily
discharged shall be reappolnted without
Civil Service examination and assigned
to the same rank in which they were at
the time of their dfscharge.
Sec. 2. No officer, member or em
ployee of the Department shall be dis
missed or transferred except for cause
nor until after a trial. The accused
shall be furnished with a written copy
of the charges against him at least
three days previous to the day of trial
He shall have the right to appear in
person and by counsel and examine
witnesses in his behalf. All witnesses
shall be examined under oath, and all
trials shall be public.
Sec. 3. When any officer, member or
employee of the Department shall be
come temporarily disabled by reason of
injuries received while In the actual
performance of his duty therein so as,
to incapacitate him from performing
his duty, the Commissioners shall allow
his salary during the, continuance of
such temporary disability.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall see
that all contracts awarded and work
done for the Department are faithfully
performed, and shall, upon the award
ing of any such contract, exact an ade
quate bond for the prompt and faithful
performance of the same.
The provisions of Article 11, Chapter
111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad
vertising for proposals, the affidavit
and security accompanying the same,
the presentation and opening of pro
posals, the aw rding of contracts
and the security for the performance
thereof, shall, so far as the same can
be made applicable, apply to all pro
posals and contracts made, awarded or
entered into for furnishing supplies to
the Fire Department. Any contract
made in violation of any of the provi
sions of this Chapter shall be void.
chapterTih.
The Chief Engineer.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall appoint a Chief Engi
neer, who shall be charged with the
special duty of superintending the ex
tinguishment of fires. The Chief En
gineer shall be the chief executive offi
cer of the Fire Department, and it shall
be his duty and that of the Assistant
Chief Engineers and of the Battalion
Chiefs to see that all laws, orders, rules
and regulations in force in the City and
County, or made by the Commissioners
concerning the Fire Department, are
enforced.
Sec. 2. The Chief Engineer may sus
pend any subordinate officer, member
or employee of the Department for in
competency, or for any violation of the
rules and regulations of the Fire De
partment, and shall forthwith report in
writing such suspension, with his rea
sons therefor, to the Commissioners fot
their action. He shall diligently ob
serve the condition of the apparatus
and workings of the Department ana
report in writing thereon at least one«
a month to the Board and make such
recommendations and suggestions re
specting the same as he may deem
proper. In the absence or inability ot
the Chief Engineer, an Assistant Chief
Engineer shall perform his duties.
Sec. 3. The Chief Engineer, or, In his
absence, the Assistant Chief Engineers,
or, in their absence, any Battalion Chief
in charge may, during a conflagration,
cause to be cut down or otherwise re
moved any buildings or structures for
the purpose of checking the progress of
such conflagration.
CHAPTER IV.
y Fire Companies.
SECTION 1. Each Steam Fire En
gine Company shall be composed of not
more than one Captain, one Lieutenant,
one Engineer, one Driver, one Stoker
and five Hosemen.
Each Hook and Ladder Company
shall be composed of not more than one
Captain, one Lieutenant, one Driver,
one Tillerman and eight Truckmen.
Each Chemical Engine Company shall
be composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Driver and
one Hoseman.
Each Water Tower Company shall be
composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Driver and one Hoseman.
Each Fire Boat Company shall be
composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Engineer, one
Assistant Engineer, two Firemen, one
Pilot and twelve Hosemen.
CHAPTER V.
Fire Marshal.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioneis, on the written recom
mendation of the Board of Directors of
the corporation known as the Under
writers* Fire Patrol of San Francisco,
may appoint such persons as may be
recommended by said Board of Di
rectors as Fire Marshal and Assistant
Fire Marshal. Vacancies occurring in
the ofice of Fire Marshal or Assistant
Fire Marshal shall be filled in the same
manner. The salaries of said Fire Mar
shal and of his assistant and deputies
shall be fixed and paid by said Board of
Directors of said Underwriters' Fire
Patrol of San Francisco, and in no
event shall the City and County be
liable therefor or any part thereof.
Sec. 2. The Fire Marshal or, in case
of his disability, the Assistant Fire
Marshal shall attend all fires which
may occur in the City and County,
and he shall take charge of and protect
all property which may be imperiled
thereby.
Sec. 3. The Fire Marshal may call
upon policemen during the time of any
fire for the purpose of protecting prop
erty until the arrival of the owner or
claimant thereof, and in case the owner
or claimant of such property does not
take charge of the same within twenty
four hours, the Fire Marshal may have
such property stored at the owner's or
claimant's expense.
Sec. 4. The Fire Marshal shall be
charged with the enforcement of all
laws and ordinances relating to the
storage, sale and use of oils, combus
tible materials and explosives, together
with the Investigation of the cause of
all fires. In all cases where there Is
reason to believe that fires are the re
sult of crime or that crime, has been
committed in connection therewith, the
Fire Marshal must report the same In
writing to the District Attorney. The
Fire Marshal shall also have the care
of, and may sell, subject to the orders
of the Board of Fire Commissioners, all
property saved from fire for which no
owner can be found, and at once pay
the amount realized from any such sale
into the tieasury. He shall exercise
the functions of a police officer.
Sec. 5. The Fire Marshal shall have
power to appoint deputies for inspect
ing buildings, but such deputies shall
receive no compensation for their serv
ices from the City and County.
CHAPTER VI.
Fire "Wardens.
SECTION 1. The Chief Engineer. As
sistant Chief Engineers, Battalion
Chiefs and the Fire Marshal shall con
stitute a Board of Fire Wardens, with
power to inspect and report to the
Board of Public Works as to the safety
of buildings and other structures
within the City and County.
CHAPTER VII.
Firemen's Relief Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue
In force and make effectual pensions
already existing in favor of firemen, a
fund is hereby created to be known
and designated as the Firemen's Relief
Fund. The Board of Fire Commission
ers of the City and County and its suc
cessors in office shall constitute a Board
of Trustees of said Fund. The Board
shall be known as the Board of Fire
Pension Fund Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be annually
levied, collected and apportioned to the
Firemen's Relief Fund a tax sufficient
to meet and pay all demands upon said
Fund, for the purposes set out In this
Chapter.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners may, by a
unanimous vote, retire and relieve from
service any aged, infirm or disabled
fireman of the Department who has ar
rived at the age of sixty-five years, and
who, upon an examination by two regu
larly certificated practicing physicians
appointed by the Commissioners for
that purpose, may be ascertained to be
by reason of such age, infirmity or
other disability, unfit for the perform
ance of his duties. Such retired fire
man shall receive from the Firemen's
Relief Fund a monthly pension equal to
one-half of the amount of the salary
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire
ment. No such pension shall be paid
unless such person has been an active
member of the Fire Department for
twenty years continuously next pre
ceding his retirement, and the same
shall cease at his death.
Sec. 4. Any member of the Fire De
partment who shall become physically
disabled by reason of any bodily in
jury received in the performance of his
duty, upon his filing with the Commis
j sioners a verified petition setting forth
; the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of the
Fire Department, the Captain of the
Company to which he belongs, and by
two regularly certificated physicians of
the City and County, recommending his
retirement upon a pension on account of
j such disability, may be retired from
' the Department upon an annual pen
' sion equal to one-half the -mount of
salary attached to the rank which he
: may have held three years prior to
I the date of such retirement, to be paid
! to him during his life and to cease at
; his death. In case his disability shall
cease his pension shall cease, and he
' shall be restored to the service in the
rank he occupied at the time of his re
tirement.
Sec. 5. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Firemen's Relief Fund, provide
as follows for the family of any of
ficer, member or employee of the Fire
Department who may be killed while
in the performance of his duty:
First— Should the decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she
may remain unmarried, be paid a
monthly p- .ision equal to one-half of
the salary attached to the rank held by
the decedent at the time of his death.
Second — Should the decedent leave no
widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
such children shall collectively receive
a pension equal to one-half the salary
attached to the position held by their
father at the time of his death, until
the youngest attains the age of sixteen
years.
Third — Should the decedent leave no
widow and no orphan child or children,
but leave a parent or parents depend
ing solely upon him for support, such
parents, so depending, shall collectively
receive a pension equal to one-half the
salary attached to the position held by
the decedent at the time of his death
during such time as the Commissioners
may unanimously determine its neces
sity.
Sec. 6. Any person receiving a pen
sion from the Firemen's Relief Fund,
who shall be convicted of felony, or
who shall become dissipated, an habit
ual drunkard, or who shall become a
non-resident of this State, shall for
feit all right to said pension.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
rules and regulations to carry out the
provisions of this Chapter and to en
force compliance therewith on the part
of the members of the Department. It
shall make up an estimate every year
of the amount required to pay all de
mands on the Firemen's Relief Fund
for the succeeding fiscal year, and cer
tify the same to the Supervisors in
connection with and as part of the an
nual appropriation of the Fire Depart
ment.
Sec. 8. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of Its
President It shall issue warrants,
signed by its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to
Buch persons from the Firemen's Re
lief Fund. Each warrant shall state
for what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Fire Pension Fund Com
missioners shall keep a public record
of its proceedings. It shall at each
quarterly meeting send to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or
printed list of all persons entitled to
payment from the Relief Fund, stating
the amounts of such payments and
for what granted. Such list shall
be certified and signed by the Presi
dent and Secretary of . the Board.
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
I as the Firemen's Relief Fund Book. All
■ warrants signed by the President and
Secretary of the Board shall be pre-
I sented to the Auditor, and be audited
and ordered paid by him out of said
Fund.
Sec. 9. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall possess the
powers vested in the Board of Fire
Commissioners to make rules and
regulations for its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary and provide for
the payment from said Fund of all Its
necessary expenses, not exceeding fifty
dollars for any one month, Including
the salary of the Secretary and print
ing; but no compensation shall be paid
to any member of the Board for any
duty required or performed as Fire
Pension Fund Commissioner.
CHAPTER VIII.
Salaries.
SECTION 1. The officers and mem
bers of the Fire Department shall re
ceive annual salaries as follows:
Chief Engineer, four thousand dollars;
First Assistant Chief Engineer, three
thousand dollars; Second Assistant En
gineer, twenty-four hundred dollars;
Battalion Chiefs, each twenty-one hun
dred dollars; Superintendent of En
gines, eighteen hundred dollars; the
I Clerk and Commissary of the Corpora
tion Yards, fifteen hundred dollars;
Captains, each fourteen hundred and
forty dollars; Lieutenants, each twelve
hundred dollars; Engineers, each
thirteen hundred and fifty dollars;
Drivers, Stokers. Tillermen, Truckmen,
Hosemen, and Stewards, for the first
i year of service, each nine hundred and
sixty dollars; for the second year of
service, each ten hundred and eighty
dollars; and for the third year of ser
vice and thereafter each twelve hun
dred dollars; Hydrantmen, each ten
hundred and eighty dollars; Superin
tendent of horses, twelve hundred dol
lars; Draymen, each nine hundred dol
lars; Hostlers, each seven hundred and
twenty dollars ; "Watchmen, each nine
hundred dollars; Pilots of Fire Boats,
each twelve hundred dollars; Engineers
of Fire Boats, each fifteen hundred dol
lars; Assistant Engineers of Fire Boats,
each fourteen hundred and forty dol
lars; Firemen of Fire Boats, each nine
hundred dollars.
CHAPTER IX.
Department of Electricity.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
a Department of Electricity, which
shall have charge of the construction
and maintenance of the Fire Alarm and
Police Telegraph and Telephone Sys
tems, and shall be under the control of
a Joint Commission composed of the
Board of Fire Commissioners and the
Board of Police Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be appointed by
the Board of Fire Commissioners and
Board of Police Commissioners, acting
in joint session, a practical and skilled
electrician, who shall be called the
Chief of the Department of Electricity,
and who shall have general supervision
of the Department of Electricity. He
shall receive an annual salary of twen
ty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Joint Commission may
appoint such assistants as may be nec
essary to keep the electric and tele
phone systems in working order; but of
those assistants appointed, no opera
tor or inspector shall receive more than
twelve hundred dollars a year, and no
repairer, lineman, batteryman or in
strument-maker shall receive a salary
of more than ten hundred and eighty
dollars a year.
Sec. 4. The Fire Department and the
Police Department shall each have sola
control over its own systems and wires.
Sec 5. Any citizen, firm or corpora
tion may, for the purpose of police or
fire protection, be connected with the
Police or Fire Signal System, or Tele
phone or Telegraph System, upon mak
ing fair payment for the connection
and use of the same. Such rates of
payment shall be fixed by ordinance of
the Supervisors; but no connection
shall be made so as to interfere with
the use of the main line.
Sec. 6. The Department of Electri
city is also charged with the duty of en
forcing all the rules, regulations, or
ders ajnd requirements made by ordi
nance of the Supervisors in regard to
the Inspection and supervision of elec
trical wires and appliances, and the
currents for furnishing light, heat or
power In and upon streets and build-*
Ings in the City and County.
ARTICLE X.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
HEALTH.
SECTION 1. There shall be a De
partment of Public Health under the
management of a Board of Health. The
Board shall consist of seven members,
five of whom shall be appointed by the
Mayor, and who shall be regularly cer
tificated physicians of the City and
County at the time of their appoint*
ment, and who must have been such
for at least five years next preceding
their appointment. The Chief of Police
and the President of the Board of Pub
lic Works shall be members of the
Board by virtue of their office.
The members of the Board shall serve
without compensation. They shall
elect one of their number President,
and adopt such rules and regulations
as may be necessary for the govern
ment of the Board.
Sec. 2. The appointive members of
the Board shall hold office for four
years. Those first appointed under this
Charter shall so classify themselves by
lot that one of them shall go out of of
fice at the end of one year, one at the
end of two years, one at the end of
three years, and two at the end of four
years.
Sec. 3. The Board shall have the
management and control of the City
and County Hospitals, Almshouses,
Ambulance Service, Municipal Hospi
tals, Receiving Hospitals, and of all
matters pertaining to the preservation,
promotion and protection of the lives
and health of the inhabitants of the
City and County; and it may determine
| the nature and character of nuisances
and provide for their abatement.
It shall have the sanitary supervision
of the municipal Institutions of the City
and County, including Jails, school
houses and all public buildings; of th«
disposition of the dead; of the disposi
tion of garbage, offal and other offen
sive substances.
Except as provided In Article 11,
Chapter 111, of this Charter, it shall
have exclusive control and disposition
of all expenditures necessary in the in
stitutions under its immediate control.
Sec. 4. The Board shall enforce all
ordinances, rules and regulations which
may be adopted by the Supervisors for
the carrying out and enforcement of a
good sanitary condition in the City and
County; for the protection of the public
health; for determining the nature and
character of nuisances and for their
abatement; and for securing the proper
registration of births, deaths and other
statistical information. It shall from
time to time submit to the Supervisors
a draft of such ordinances, rules and
regulations as it may deem necessary
to promote the objects mentioned in
this section.
Sec. 5. The Board may appoint such
officers, agents and employees as may
be necessary for the proper and ef
ficient carrying out and enforcement of
the purposes and duties of the Board,
and may fix their salaries and prescribe
thflr duties. All appointments in the
Department shall be made under the
provisions of Article XIII of this Char
ter, and no person so appointed by the
Board shall be removed without cause.
Sec. 6. The Board may appoint n
Resident Physician of the City and
County Hospital, who must be a regu
larly certificated physician and who
must have been a resident of the City
and County for at least five years next
preceding his appointment. He shall
devote his time exclusively to the du
ties of his office.
Sec. 7. The Bo%rd shall appoint for
the City and County Hospital at least
two visiting physicians and at least
two visiting surgeons, who shall receive
I no compensation for their services, but
j who shall have the privilege of teach
! ing students in their hospital wards.
Any Btudent who is actively engaged in
the study of medicine shall have the
benefit of clinical instruction in any of
the hospital wards.
Sec. 8. The Board may set aside one
ward In the City and County Hospital
for the treatment of confirmed Inebri
ates.
Sec. 9. The Board may appoint such
undergraduates and other Internes to
the City and County Hospital as It may
deem necessary. They shall be ap
pointed after a competltve examination
by the Board In any or all branches of
medicine and surgery, and shall receive
board and lodging free for their ser
vices. They Bhall be under the control
and direction of the Resident Physi
cian, who may remove any of them for
neglect of duty, or for other good and
sufficient cause, subject to an appeal
to, and final decision by, said Board.
Sec. 10. The Board shall fix annually
the salaries of all officers and em
ployees of the Board. Such compensa
tion shall not exceed salaries paid for
similar services In private Institutions
of like character.
Sec. 11. The ratio of employees to In
mates of any Institution under the care
of the Board shall not exceed that
maintained by private Institutions of
like character.
ARTICLE XI.
DEPARTMENT OF ELECTIONS.
CHAPTER I.
Board of Election Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The conduct, manage
ment and control of the registration of
voters, and of the holding of elections,
and of all matters pertaining to elec
tions In the City and County, shall be
vested exclusively In and exercised by
a Board of Election Commissioners,
consisting of five members, who shall
be appointed by the Mayor, and shall
hold office for four years. Each of the
Commissioners shall receive an annual
salary of one thousand dollars. Each
member of the Board must be an elec
tor of the City and County at the time
of hjs appointment and must have
been such for five years next preceding
such time. Those first appointed must.
Immediately after their appointment, so
classify themselves by lot, that one
shall go out of office at the end of one
year, one at the end of two years, one
at the end of three years, and two at
the end of four years.
The Mayor shall not make any ap
pointment upon the Board at any time
before thirty days prior to the time
when surh appointee Is to take office.
Two of the five members first appoint
ed shall be chosen from each of the two
political parties casting in the City and
County the highest vote for Governor
or Electors of President and Vice
President, as the case may be. at the
last preceding general election. The
fifth member shall be chosen from the
political party casting the third highest
such vote at such election, If there be
such third party, and If not, then at
the discretion of the Mayor. Upon the
expiration of the term of office of any
Commissioner, the appointee must be
chosen from the same political party as
the retiring: Commissioner, consistently
with the foregoing provisions as to
equal representation at all times of the
two political parties castlnsr the high
est vote at the general election last pre
ceding the appointment in question as
prescribed In this section.
Sec. 2. No member of the "Roard. nor
Tlearistrar, nor Deputy Registrar shall
during his term of office, be a memh»r
of any convention the purpose of which
Is to nominate candidates for office:
nor be elierible to any other munlclpai
office durinp the term for which he
shall have been appointed, or for one
year thereafter; nor act as officer of
any election or primary election; nor
take part In any election except to
vote and when aotlnp as Election Com
missioner, at which time he shall per
form only such official duties as may
be required of him by law and by this
Charter.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall or
ganlze within ten days after their ap
pointment by choosing one of their
number President. In case of failure
to agree, he shall be selected by lot.
He shall hold office for one year and
until his successor Is chosen. The
Board shall appoint a Registrar of
Voters who shall receive axi annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
The Registrar shall be the Secretary of
the Board, and shall keep a record of
Its proceedings, and shall execute all
orders and enforce all rules and regula
tions adopted by the Board. The term
of office of the Registrar shall be four
j years.
Sec. 4. The Board may appoint such
other clerical assistants as may be ne
i cessary at a salary not to exceed one
hundred dollars a month each for the
time actually employed. The Board
shall, by resolution adopted by a ma
j jority vote of all its members and en
tered upon its minutes, designate the
■ service to be rendered by such as
! sistants and the time for which they
I shall be employed. The time of em
j ployment of such assistants shall not
! be extended except by like resolution of
the Board, and when a salary shall
have been once fixed it shall not be in
creased. This section is subject to the
provisions of Article XIII of this
I Charter.
Sec. 5. All provisions of the general
laws of this State respecting elections
shall be applicable to all elections held
in the City and County of San Fran
cisco. All provisions of the general laws
of this State respecting the registration
of voters shall be applicable to such
registration in the City and County.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must provide for precinct registration
so far as it can do so under the Con
stitution and laws of the State.
CHAPTER 11.
Municipal Elections.
SECTION 1. There shall be held in
the City and County of San Francisco
on the first Tuesday after the first
Monday of November in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and in every second year there
after, an election to be known as the
municipal election.
At said elections there shall be elected
I by the electors of the City and County
S the following officers: The Mayor,
eighteen Supervisors, an Auditor,
Treasurer, Assessor, Tax Collector,
Recorder, City Attorney, District At
torney, Public Administrator, County
Clerk, Sheriff, Coroner and four Police
Judges. Each of the above officers
shall be elected for two years, except
the Police Judges and the Assessor,
j each of whom shall be elected for four
years. The Superintendent of Public
Schools shall be elected for four years,
and the Justices of the Peace for two
years, at the same time that members
1 of the Legislature are elected.
Sec. 2. All of the officers of the City
i and County of San Francisco who shall
be elected In the year one thousand
eight hundred and ninety-eight, under
existing laws, except the Superin
tendent of Public Schools and the Jus
j tices of the Peace, shall hold office only
■ until the hour of noon on the first Mon
day after the first day of January in
■■ the year nineteen hundred.
Sec. 3. The officers first elected as
aforesaid under this Charter shall take
office at noon on the first Monday after
i the first day of January following.
Sec. 4. The Mayor shall issue hla
proclamation and publish the same In
the official newspaper for at least
twenty days previous to the day In each
year on which the municipal election ia
to be held under this Charter, calling
upon the electors of the City and
! County to meet for the purpose of
■ electing such officers as are provided
for In this Charter, reciting In such
; proclamation the different officers to
I be elected at such election.
ARTICLE XIL
ACQUISITION OF PUBLIC UTIL
ITIES.
It is hereby declared to be the pur
pose and intention of the people of the
I City and County that its public utilities
i shall be gradually acquired and ulti
mately owned by the City and County.
To this end it is hereby ordained:
SECTION L Within one year from
the date upon which this Charter shall
I go into effect, and at least every two
' years thereafter until the object cx
i pressed in this provision shall have
: been fully attained, the Supervisors
i must procure through the City Engi
i neer plans and estimates of the actual
cost of the original construction and
completion by the City and County of
water works, gas works, electric light
I works, steam, water or electric power
. works, telephone lines, street railroads
! and such other public utilities as tha
i Supervisors or the people by petition to
the Board may designate.
In securing estimates of the original
cost of the construction and completion
I of water works by the City and County,
j the Supervisors must procure and place
' on file plans and estimates of the cost
|of obtaining from all of the several
j available sources a sufficient and per
j manent supply of good, pure water for
the City and County, in order that
propositions for the acquisition, con
struction and completion thereof, and
the incurring of municipal indebtedness
therefor, may be submitted to the elec
tors of the City and County as herein
after set forth.
Sec 2. After such plans and esti
mates shall have been procured and
filed, the Supervisors shall, at as early
a date as they may deem for the best
' interests of the City and County, enter
I into negotiations for the permanent ac
quisition by the City and County, by
original construction, condemnation or
purchase of such or any of said
public utilities as they may regard
most important to the City and County
to be first acquired, and to formulate
and submit to the electors of the City
I and County, at a special election, prop
i ositlons for the permanent acquisition
and ownership thereof.
Before submitting propositions to
the electors for the acquisition by orig
: lnal construction or condemnation, of
j public utilities, the Supervisors must
solicit and consider offers for the salo"
! to the City and County of existing util
ities in order that the electors shall
have the benefit of acquiring the same
at the lowest possible coat thereof.
Sec. 3. When a petition or petitions
signed by electors of the City and
County equal in number to fifteen per
centum of all the votes cast at the last
preceding general election shall be pre
| eented to the Supervisors, setting forth
that the signers thereof favor the ac
quisition by the City and County of any
public utility, and requesting the
Board to prepare for submission to the
electors of the City and County, as
hereinafter provided, a proposition for
j the acquisition of such utility, it shall
; be the duty of the Board to immediate
i ly take such steps or to enter into such
negotiations as will enable it to formu
late such a proposition for submission
to the electors as aforesaid. Such prop
osition shall be so formulated and com
pleted within six months from the date
of the filing of such petition. The Clerk
of the Supervisors must, immediately
upon the filing of the aforesaid petition
or petitions, after examining and veri
fying the signatures thereto, transmit
an authenticated copy thereof, without
the signatures, to the Board of Election
Commissioners, and another such copy
to the Mayor, together with a certifi
cate that the required number of signa
tures are appended to the original. Ths
Mayor shall also have the right to for
mulate and submit to the electors &
separate proposition from that formu
lated by the Supervisors for the acqui
sition of the utility named In said peti
tion. At the next municipal election af
ter the formulation of such proposi
tions by the Supervisors and the May
or, the Board of Election Commission
ers shall submit to the electors the two
alternative propositions. The proposi
tion receiving a majority of the votes
cast thereon shall be adopted; but In
case the votes cast in favor of both.propositions shall not exceed one-half
the total number of votes cast thereon,
both propositions shall be deemed re
jected.
Nothing in this section shall be bo
construed as to prohibit the Supervis
ors from responding to the aforesaid
petition of the electors requesting the
acquisition of any public utility by pro
ceeding at once, without the submission
of propositions to the electors as afore
said, to pass an ordinance declaring its
determination to acquire the same ai
provided in section six of this Article
and from proceeding thereafter to ac
quire the same in the manner herein
after provided.
Sec. 4. In case the cost of any public
utility sought to be acquired under the
provisions of this Article, can be paid
out of the annual revenues of the City
and County, in addition to the other
necessary expenditures thereof, it shall
be lawful to acquire the same by a ma
jority vote of the electors voting there
on at any special election. In submit
ting propositions to the electors for
such acquisition the Supervisors shall
specify in such proposition the cost of
the public utility, the proposed method
and manner of payment therefor, and
submit to the electors the question
whether the same shall be acquired
upon such terms.
In case however, the cost of such
public utility sought to be acquired
under the provisions of this Article
shall so far exceed the annual revenues
of the City and County, in addition to
the other necessary expenditures there
of, as to render it necessary to incur a
municipal bonded Indebtedness for such
purpose, then the Supervisors, in sub
mitting propositions to the electors for
the acquisition thereof, shall specify
therein the amount of the proposed
bonded indebtedness, the rate of inter
est thereon, and whether such bonded
indebtedness shall be incurred. At
least two-thirds of the electors voting
thereon at such election shall be neces
sary to secure such acquisition and to
warrant the issuance of municipal
bonds therefor, as hereinafter set forth.
Sec. 5. When the electors by vote
shall have determined, as hereinbefore
set forth, to acquire any public utility,
such action on the part of the electors
shall be equivalent to the passing of
the ordinance by the Supervisors de
claring such determination as set forth
in section six of this Article, and the
Supervisors shall proceed without de
lay to pass an ordinance calling a
special election as required by section
seven of this Article.
Sec. 6. When the Supervisors shall de
termine that the public interest or ne
cessity demands the acquisition, con
struction or completion of any public
utility, the cost of which will be too
great to bepaid out of the ordinary an
nual income and revenue of the City and
County, the Supervisors shall, by or
dinance, specifically declare such de
termination, and shall publish the same
for at least two weeks In the official
nt-wspaper.
Sec. 7. At the next regular meeting of
the Supervisors after the publication of
the ordinance declaring said deter
mination as above set forth, or at an
adjourned meeting thereof, or not less
than two weeks nor more than four
■weeks after the electors by vote shall
have determined to acquire any public
utility, the Supervisors by ordinance
shall call a special election, at which
shall be submitted to the electors the
proposition of acquiring such public
utility, and of incurring a debt for the
acquisition of the same as set forth in
such ordinance. No question other
than the acquisition of such utility and
the Incurring of the indebtedness
therefor shall be submitted at such
election.
Sec. 8. The ordinance calling such
special election shall recite the objects
and purposes for which the indebted
ness is proposed to be incurred, the es
timated cost of the proposed public
utility, the necessity for the acquisition
of the same, and that bonds of the City
and County shall issue for the payment
of the cost of the same, as in such or
dinance set forth (if the proposition be
accepted by the electors), and shall fix
a day on which such special election
shall be held, the manner of holding
such election, and the manner of voting
for or against incurring such Indebted
ness. Such election shall be held as
provided by law for holding elections
in the City and County.
Sec. 9. Such ordinance shall be pub
lished dally for at least ten days in the
official newspaper. At the expiration
of said ten days the Supervisors shall
cause to be published daily for not less
than two weeks in the official newspa
per a notice of such special election.
Such notice shall specify the purpose
for which the Indebtedness is to be in
curred, the number and character of
the bonds to be issued, the rate of in
terest to be paid, and the amount of
tax levy to be made for the payment
thereof.
Sec. 10. No indebtedness shall be in
curred for the acquisition of any public
utility under the provisions of this Ar
ticle, which, together with the existing
bonded indebtedness of the City and
County, shall exceed at any one time
fifteen per centum of the assessed value
of all real and personal property in the
City and County.
Sec. 11. The bonds issued under the
provisions of this Article shall be of the
character of bonds known as serials,
and shall be payable in lawful money
of the United States. The Supervisors
shall decide at the times of the Issue
of the bonds in what lawful money of
the United States said bonds shall be
payable. Not less than one-fortieth
part of the whole amount of indebted
ness shall be paid each and every year,
on a day and at a place to be fixed by
the Supervisors, together with the in
terest on all sums unpaid at such date.
The bonds so Issued shall be exempt
from all taxation for municipal pur
poses, and shall be issued in denomina
tions of not less than ten dollars nor
greater than one thousand dollars, and
preference in the sale and allotment
thereof shall be given to subscribers for
the smallest amounts and lowest de
nominations.
Said bonds must be payable on the
day and at the place fixed therein, and
■with interest at the rate specified there
in, but such interest shall not exceed
four per centum per annum, payable
annually, semi-annually or quarterly,
as the Supervisors may determine.
Such bonds, when issued, may be sold
by the Supervisors from time to time
as. required, and In such quantities as
they may determine, but the Bamemust
be sold for cash In lawful money of the
United States as aforesaid to the high
est bidder at not less than par, after
having been advertised In the official
newspaper. They shall be sold under
sealed proposals, and the Supervisors
shall have the right to reject any or all
bids made for the purchase thereof
The proceeds of such sales shall be
placed In the treasury to the credit of
the proper fund and shall be applied
exclusively to th« purposes and objects
mentioned in the ordinance authorizing
their Issue until such objects are fully
accomplished, after which, If any sur
plus remains, such surplus shall he
transferred to the General Fund.
Sec. 12. Such, bonds shall be signed
by the Mayor and the Treasurer,- and
shall be countersigned by the Auditor.
The coupons shall be numbered con
secutively and sitmed by the Treasurer,
and the bonds and coupons shall be
payable at the office of the Treasurer;
See, 13. At the time of levying the
municipal tax and In the manner pro
vided for such tax- levy, the Super
visors shall levy and collect annually
a tax sufficient to pay the annual in
terest on such bonds, and also the
proper aliquot part of the aggregate
amount of such Indebtedness so in
curred. Such taxes shall he in addition
to all other taxes levied for municipal
purposes, and shall be collected at the
same time and in the same manner, as
other municipal taxes are collected:
Sec. 14. A neglect or refusal on the
part of the Supervisors, to comply with
the. provisions of this Article shall con
stitute cause for the removal from
i office of any member or members of the
I Board guilty of such neglect or refusal.
ABTICLE XIII.
CIVIL SERVICE.
SECTION 1. Immediately upon the j
taking effect of this Charter the Mayor ■
shall appoint three persons, known by ;
j him to be devoted to the principles of !
! Civil Service reform, who shall conatl- \
' tute the Civil Service Commission, one ,
! for one year, one for two years, and one j
for three years. Each year thereafter j
the Mayor shall in like manner ap
point one person as the successor of the ;
Commissioner whose term of office ex- j
' pires in that year, to serve as such j
1 Commissioner for three years. All ap- j
pointments shall be so made that not i
; more than one Commissioner shall at j
any time belong to the same political !
party. Each of such Commissioners
shall receive an annual salary of I
i twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall
classify all the places of employment in
; or under the offices and departments of
j the City and County mentioned in sec
' tion eleven of this Article, with refer- j
ence to the examinations hereinafter j
provided for. The places so classified ]
by the Commissioners shall constitute |
the classified civil service of the City
and County, and no appointment to any ,
such place shall be made except ac- j
cording to the rules hereinafter men- \
tioned.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall
make rules to carry out the purposes j
of this Article, and for examinations, |
appointments, promotions and re- j
movals, and in accordance with Its pro- j
; visions may from time to time, make
changes in the existing rules. All rules
; and all changes therein shall be forth- i
, with printed for distribution by the i
Commissioners.
Sec. 4. All applicants for places In
the classified civil service shall be sub
jected to examination, which shall be i
i public, competitive and free. Such ex
aminations shall be practical in their
character, and shall relate to those
matters only which will fairly test the i
relative capacity of the persons ex- I
amined to discharge the duties of the j
positions to which they seek to be ap
pointed, and shall Include, when ap
propriate, tests of physical qualifica
tions, health, and of manual or pro
, fessional skill.
Sec. 5. The selection of laborers
shall be governed by priority of appli
cation only. No question In any ex
amination shall relate to political or re
ligious opinions or affiliations. The
, Commissioners shall control all ex
! aminations, and may, whenever an ex
. aminatlon Is to take place, designate a j
suitable number of persons, either in or
not in the official service of the City i
and County, to be examiners; and, if I
in the official service, it shall be a part
of their official duty, without extra ;
compensation, to conduct such ex- ;
aminations as the Commissioners may '
direct, and to make return and report |
thereof to the Commissioners. The j
Commissioners may substitute any
other person, whether In or not in such
service, in the place of any one so se
lected, or may themselves act as such
examiners.
Sec. 6. Notice of the time, place and |
general scope of every examination
shall be given by the Commissioners
, by publication for two weeks preceding j
such examination in the official news
paper, and such notice shall also be
posted by the Commissioners in a con
spicuous place in their office for two
weeks before such examination. Such
further notice of examination shall be
given as they may prescribe.
Sec. 7. From the returns of the ex- j
! aminers. or from the examlnationa I
made by the Commissioners, the Com
mlasioners shall prepare a register for '
each grade or class of positions in the
classified service of the City and j
County of the persons whose general
average standing upon examination for
such grade or class is not less than the
• minimum fixed by the rules of the ;
! Commissioners, and who are otherwise
'■ eligible. Such persons shall take rank |
: upon the register as candidates in the
■ order of their relative excellence, as !
determined by examination, without i
; reference to priority of time of ex- !
amination.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall pro
; vide for promotion in the classified ser
; vice on the basis of ascertained merit
1 and seniority in service and standing
i upon examination, and shall provide, in
all cases where practicable, that vacan
; cies shall be filled by promotion. All
examinations for promotion shall be
. competitive among such members of
the next lower rank established by the j
Commissioners for each department as j
desire to submit themselves to such ex- j
aminations. The Commissioners shall !
submit to the appointing power the j
names of not more than three appli- j
cants having the highest rating for i
each promotion. The method of exam
'■ ining, and the rules governing the same,
and the method of certifying, shall be j
; the same, as near as may be, as pro
i vlded for applicants for original ap
, pointments.
Sec. 9. The head of the department
1 or office, In which a position classified j
I under this Article is to be filled, shall
! notify the Commissioners of that fact, !
| and the Commissioners shall then certl- j
i fy to the appointing officer the name i
i and address of one or more candidates, ]
I not exceeding three, standing highest
! upon the register for the class or grade !
[ to which the position belongs; but la- j
borers shall be taken according to their j
priority of application. In making such ]
certification, sex shall be disregarded, j
! except when some statute, the rules of
; the Commissioners, or the appointing
' power specifies sex.
Sec. 10. The appointing officer shall
j notify the Commissioners of each posi
| tion to be filled separately, and shall
! fill such place by the appointment of i
: one of the persons certified to him by !
i the Commissioners therefor. Such ap- i
polntment shall be on probation for a <
i period to be fixed by the rules of the '
1 Commissioners; but such rules shall j
j not fix such period at exceeding six !
months. The Commissioners may strike j
off names of candidates from the regis- '
ter after they have remained thereon j
more than two years. At or before the !
expiration of the period of probation, I
the head of the department or office in
which a candidate is employed, may,
1 by and with the consent of the Com
missioners, discharge him upon assign
ing in writing his reason therefor to
the Commissioners. If he is not then
discharged, his appointment shall be
deemed complete. To prevent the stop
page of public business, or to meet ex
! traordinary exigencies, the head of any i
i department or office may, with the an- ;
t proval of the Commissioners, male*
! temporary appointments, to remain in
force not exceeding sixty days, and only '
until regular appointments, under the \
provisions of this Article, can be made. ]
Sec. 11. The provisions of this Article :
i shall apply to the following offices ana j
! departments of the City and County: \
the County Clerk, the Assessor, the Tax !
Collector, the Sheriff, the Auditor, the '
Recorder, the Coroner, the Clerks and
Stenographer! of the Justices' and Po
lice Courts, the Board of Public Works, j
j the Police Department, the Fire De- ■
j partment. the Board of Election Com- j
I mifisioners, the Board of Health and alt
boards or departments controlling ;
public utilities; but the following dep- !
uties, clerks and employees in said or- i
! flees and departments shall be exempt- j
ed thorpfr<>m: the Cashipr of the Coun- !
ty Clerk, the Chief Deputy and the i
Cashier of the Assessor, the Chief Dep- !
uty and tho Cashier of the Tax Collec- !
tor, the Under Sheriff and the Chief
Bookkeeper of the Sheriff, the Deputy
Auditor, the Chief Deputy of the Re
corder, the Chief Deputy Coroner, the
City Engineer, the Secretary and the I
Architect, of the Board of Public Works,
the Registrar of the Board of Election
] Commissioners, the Chief of Police, the
Chief Engineer of the Fire Department,
and all physicians appointed by or on
tho Board of Health. All officers, courts,
boards and heads of departments vest
ed in this Charter with the power to
appoint deputies, clerks, stenographers
or employees in any of the offices or
CHARTER FOR THE
departments of the City and County
mentioned in this section shall maka
euch appointments in conformity with
j the rules and provisions prescribed by
this Article, and any appointment not
so made shall be void.
Sec. 12. No deputy, clerk or employee
i in the classified civil service of the City
and County, who shall have been ap
i pointed under said rules, shall be re
i moved or discharged except for cause,
1 upon written charges and after an op
[ portunity to be heard in his own de
: tense. Such charges shall be investi
gated by or before the Civil Service
j Commission, or by or before some offl
i cer or board appointed by the Commis^
! sioners to conduct such investigation.
The finding and decision of the Com
missioners, or such investigating office*,
or board, when approved by the Com
missioners, shall be certified to the ap
pointing officer or board, and shall b
forthwith enforced by such officer.
Nothing in this Article shall limit the
power of any officer or board to sus
pend a subordinate for a reasonable pe
riod, not exceeding thirty days.
Sec. 13. Immediate notice in writing
shall be given by the appointing power
to the Commissioners of all appoint
ments, permanent or temporary, made
In such classified civil service, and of
all transfers, promotions, resignations,
suspensions or vacancies from any
cause in such service, and of the date
thereof; and a record of the same shall
be kept by the Commissioners. When
any place of employment is created or
abolished, or the compensation at
tached thereto altered, the officer or
board making such change shall imme
diately report in writing to the Com
missioners.
Sec. 14. The Commissioners shall In
vestigate the enforcement of the pro
visions of this Article, and of its rules,
and the action of the examiners herein
provided for, and the conduct and
action of the appointees in the
classified service in the City and
County, and may Inquire as to
the nature, tenure and compensation
of all places in the public service there
of.
Sec. 15. The Commissioners shall, on
or before the fifteenth day of January
in each year, make to the Supervisors
a report showing their acts, the rules
In force, the practical effects thereof,
and suggestions for the more ef
fectual accomplishment of the purposes
of this Article. The Mayor may re
quire a report from the Commissioners
at any time.
Sec. 16. The Commissioners shall em
ploy a Chief Examiner who shall, under
their direction, superintend any exam
ination held in the City and County
under this Article, and who shall per
form such duties as the Commissioners
may prescribe. The Chief Examiner
shall be Secretary of the Commission
by virtue of his office. He shall keep
minutes of its proceedings, preserve all
reports made to It, and keep a record of
all examinations held under its direc
tion. He shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
. Sec. 17. The Supervisors shall fur
nish the Commission with suitable of
fices, office furniture, books, stationery,
blanks, heat and light, and shall pro
vide for the payment of such other ex
penses as may be necessarily incurred
in carrying out the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 18. No person or officer shall by
himself, or in co-operation with other
persons, defeat, deceive or obstruct any
person in respect to his or her right of
examination; or falsely mark, grade,
estimate or report upon the examina
tion or proper standing of any person
examined hereunder, or aid In so doing;
or make any false representations con
cerning the same, or concerning the
person examined; or furnish to any
person any epecial or secret infor
mation for* the purpose of either
improving or Injuring the prospects or
chances of any person of being ap
pointed, employed or promoted.
Sec. 19. The Commissioners shall cer
tify to the Auditor all appointments to
places of employment in the classified
1 civil service, ai.d all vacancies occurring
i therein, whether by dismissal, resigna
1 tion or death, and all findings made or
approved by the Commission under the
provisions of Section twelve of this Ar
ticle.
Sec. 20. The Commissioners shall have
power to institute and prosecute legal
proceedings for violation of any of the
provisions of this Article.
ARTICLE XIV.
PARK COMMISSIONERS.
SECTION 1. The lands designated
upon the map of the Outside Lands of
the City and County, made pursuant to
Order Number One Hundred, by the
word "Park," extending from Stanyan
street to the Pacific Ocean and known
as Golden Gate Park; also the land
fronting on Haight street, designated
upon said map by the word "Park,"
and known as "Buena Vista Park";
also the land designated upon said map
by the word "Avenue," extending from
Baker street westward until it crosses
Stanyan street; also that certain high
way bounded on the west by the Pacific
Ocean, and designated upon said map
as "Great Highway"; also "Mountain
Lake Park"; also "Seal Rocks," as
ceded to the City and County of San
Francisco by Act of Congress; and all
the other parks and squares in the City
and County, and all the grounds
surrounding public buildings in the
City and County, and all parks and
squares and public pleasure grounds
hereafter acquired by the City and
County shall be under the exclusive
control and mangement of a Board of
Commissioners, who shall be known
and designated as Park Commissioners.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Park Com
missioners holding office in the City
and County at the time this Charter
shall go into effect by virtue of ap
pointment under any statute of this
State.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
five In number, one of whom must be
an artist. They shall be appointed by
the Mayor for a term of four years and
shall receive no compensation for their
services. They shall so classify them
selves by lot that one of them shall go
out of office at the end of one year, one
at the end of two years, one at the end
of three years, and two at the end of
four years.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
ganize by electing one of their number
President, and they may elect a Secre
tary who is not a member of the Boaid
The Board shall establish • rules and
regulations for its government and for
the performance of its duties, and for
the conduct of its officers and em
ployees, and shall require adequate
bonds from all of them, except labor
ers, for the faithful performance of
their duties in such sums as may be
fixed by it. Such bonds shall be ap
proved by the Mayor and filed in the
office of the Auditor. The person
elected President shall hold his office
for one year, or until his successor is
elected. The Board must hold regular
meetings at least once in two weeks,
and as many special meetings as it
may deem proper.
Three of the Commissioners shall con
stitute a quorum for the transact'cn of
business. No contract shall be
into authorizing the expenditure of
money without the approval of four of
the Commissioners. Every "ontract
exceeding five hundred dollars in
amount shall be open to public com
petition, unless the Board shall deter
mine in any given case to have the
work done by day's labor. All the pro
visions of the Article in this Charter on
the Department of Public Works relat
ing to contracts shall be applicable to
all contract work ordered by thu Com
missioners.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners may
adopt ordinances for the regulation, use
and government of the aforesaid park*,
squares, avenues and grounds not in
consistent with the laws of the Stato
of California or with this Charter. Such
ordinances shall, within five days after
their passage, be published for ten
days, Sundays excepted, in the official
city a:nt> county of sa:n" fra^cisco.
newspaper. Any person violating any
of such ordinances shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be
punished therefor, on conviction, n any
court of competent jurisdiction. None of
such ordinances shall be valid unless it
receives the vote of four membcj of
the Board. No ordinance shall be
passed at tbe same meeting at which It
is introduced, or at any other than a
regular meeting. Such ordinance* shall
take effect in not less than ten days af
ter their adoption.
Sec. 6. The Commissioners shall have
the complete and exclusive control,
management and direction of the afore
said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds, and the exclusive right to
erect, and to superintend the erection
of, buildings and structures thereon;
and to that end may employ and ap
point superintendents, laborers, sur
veyors, engineers, and other officers and
assistants, and prescribe and fix their
duties, authority and compensation.
They shall have the exclusive manage -
ment and disbursement of all funds le
gally appropriated or received from
any source for the support of said
parks, squares, avenues and grounds.
The Board may accept from donor*
suitable articles for the Museum and
Art Gallery situate in the aforesaid
Golden Gate Park and shall manage
and control said Museum and Art Gal
lery.
Except as provided In section nine of
this Chapter, nothing in this section
shall be so construed as to authorize the
Commissioners to lease any part of any
of said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds to any person, company or cor
poration for any purpose; or to permit
any person, company or corporation to
build or maintain any structure on any
part of said parks, squares, avenues or
grounds; but this shall not inhibit the
Board from leasing, for a period not
greater than one year, such buildings
as may be constructed by itself for the
use of the public to such person, com.
pany or corporation who shall under
take to serve such use; and In overy
such lease the Board shah reserve Ihe
right to enter at all times Into and upon
the premises so leased, and shall make
the condition that the building so
leased shall be used for panc-pleasi're
purposes only. No such bulHin? shall
be constructed by the Board except it
ne within the objects and purposes for
which said parks, squares, ove lues and
grounds were dedicated to the public.
Nothing, however, in this section con
tained shall Inhibit the Board from
permitting the use of a limited portion
ot any one of the aforesaid parks or
squares for the purpose o( conducting
thereon a Fair or Exposition, under
such conditions and restrictions as may
be necessary io conserve the Integrity
of said parks and squares, and for a pe
riod not greater than six month's, and
so as not to interfere w'.lh the use or
any of the same by the public for park
pleasure purposes; but no such permis
sion shall ever be granted .'xeiipt such
Fair or Exposition be of National, Stat»
. r Municipal mportance. None of the
moneys in, or apportioned to, the Park
Fund shall be used for th? purposes o
any such Fair cr Exposition.
Stc. 7. The Chief of Police shall, on
the request of the Comm ! r,?ion«rr, de
tail such members of the Police Force
of the City and County tor service in
said parks, squares, avenusa and
grounds as may be necessary for the en
forcement of the law and for the proper
observance of the ordinatic-3 of the
Commissioners; and the Cr mmissioners
may provide a place of detention with
in yither of sa.d public pla -es in which
the persons arrested for violating ;my
of ihe ordinances o f the Board may be
detained tempeiarlly.
Sec. 8. The Board may receive dona
tions from persons and corporations
and legacies and bequests for the im
provement of said park, squares, ave
nues and grounds. All moneys that
may be derived from such donations
legacies and bequests, shall, unless
otherwise provided by the terms of
such gift, legacy, or bequest, be de
posited in the treasury of the City and
County to the credit of the Park Fund.
The same may be withdrawn therefrom
and paid out in the same manner as is
provided for the payment of moneys le
gally appropriated for the support and
Improvement of such parks, squares,
avenues and grounds. If the moneys
derived from such gifts, bequests or
legacies, shall at any time exceed in
amount the sum necessary for Imme
diate expenditures on said parks,
squares, avenues and grounds, the
Board shall invest all or a part of the
same in interest bearing bonds of the
United States, or of the State of Cali
fornia or of any municipality thereof.
Sec. 9. The Board may lease to the
State of California, on such terms as It
may deem proper, a plot of ground in
Golden Gate Park not more than seven
hundred feet square, on which said
State may erect and maintain an ex
position building, in which may be ex
hibited the products of the several
counties of the State and in which the
collection made by the State Mining
Bureau may be maintained and ex
hibited; but said lease shall be upon the
express condition that no fee shall ever
be charged for admission to said build
ing.
Sec. 10. Hereafter no work of art
shall become the property of the City
and County by purchase, gift or other
wise, unless such work of art or design
of the same, together with a statement
of the proposed location of such work
of art, shall first have been submitted
to and approved by the Commissioners;
nor shall such work of art, until so ap
proved, be erected or placed in or upon,
or allowed to extend over or upon
any street, avenue, square, park, muni
cipal building or other public place be
longing to the City and County. The
Board may require a complete model
of the proposed work of art to be sub
mitted. The term "work of art" as used
in this section shall apply to and In
clude all paintings, mural decorations,
stained glass, statues, bas-reliefs or
other sculptures, monuments, foun
tains, arches or other structures of a
permanent character, intended for
ornament or commemoration. No ex
isting work of art in the possession of
the City and County shall be removed,
relocated or altered In any way with
out the similar approval of the Board.
When so requested by the Mayor, or
the Supervisors, or the Board of
Public Works, or the Board of Educa
tion, the Board of Park Commissioners
shall act in a similar capacity, with
similar powers, in respect of the de
signs of municipal buildings, bridges,
approaches, gates, fences, lamps or
other structures erected or to be erect
ed upon land belonging to the City and
County, and in respect of the lines,
grades and plotting of public ways and
grounds, and in respect of arches,
bridges, structures and approaches
which are the property of any corpora
tion or private individual and which
shall extend over or upon any street,
avenue, highway, park or public plare
belonging to the City and County. This
section shall not be so construed as to
impair the power of the Park Commis
sioners to refuse their consent to the
erection or acceptance of public monu
ments or memorials or other works of
art of any sort within any park, square
or public place in the City and County.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall pro
vide all necessary money for the main
tenance, preservation and Improve
ment of snid parks, squares, avenues
and grounds, and to that end shall an
nually levy a tax on all property in the
City and ("'ounty not exempt from taxa
tion, which shall not 1 3 less than five
cents nor more than seven cents upon
each one hundred dollars assessed
valuation of said property.
ARTICLE XV.
BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
SECTION 1. Officers of the City and
County, before entering upon the dis
charge of their official duties, shall
respectively give and execute to the
City and County such official bonds as
may be required by law, ordinance or
this Charter . When the amount of any
bond Is not fixed by law or by this
Charter, it shall be fixed by an ordi
nance of the Supervisors. All bonds,
excepting those of the Mayor and Au
ditor, must be approved by the Mayor
and Auditor; the bond of the Mayor
must be approved by the Auditor, and
the bond of the Auditor must be ap
proved by the Mayor. The approval of
every official bond must be Indorsed
thereon, and signed by the officers ap
proving the same, after examination
of the sureties, as hereinafter pro
vided. Upon the approval of a bond it
must be recorded, at the expense of
the party giving the bond. In the office
of the Recorder, in a book kept for
that purpose, entitled Record of Official
Bonds. The bond of the Auditor shall
be filed and kept in the office of the
County Clerk, ""he bonds of all other
officers shall be filed and kept in the
office of the Auditor.
Sec. 2. The following officers shall
respectively execute official bonds to
the City and County, with sureties, in
the following sums:
Mayor, twenty-five thousand dollars:
Auditor, fifty thousand dollars; Treas
urer, one hundred thousand dollars;
Tax Collector, one hundred thousand
dollars; Assessor, fifty thousand dol
lars; County Clerk, fifty thousand dol
lars; Recorder, ten thousand dollars;
Sheriff, fifty thousand dollars; Coroner,
ten thousand dollars; City Attorney,
ten thousand dollars- District Attor-
ney, ten thousand dollars; Public Ad
ministrator, fifty thousand dollars; Su
perintendent of Public Schools, five
thousand dollars; each Commissioner
of Public Works, twenty-five thousand
dollars; Clerk of the Supervisors, ten
thousand dollars; each Supervisor, five
thousand dollars; each School Director,
five thousand dollars; each Fire Com
missioner, ten thousand dollars; each
Police Commissioner, five thousand dol
lars; each Election Commissioner, ten
thousand dollars; Property Clerk of
Police Department, ten thousand dol
lars; the Warrant and Bond Clerk, ten
thousand dollars.
Sec. 3. City and County officers shall
not be accepted as surety for each
other on official bonds. Every bond
shall contain a condition that the prin
cipal will faithfully perform all official
duties then, or that may thereafter be,
imposed upon or required of him by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
that at the expiration of his term of
office he will surrender to his successor
all property, books, papers, and docu
ments that may come into his posses
sion as such officer. Such bond must
also be executed by two or more sure
ties who shall each justify in the
amount required for said bond; but
when the amount of the bond is more
than five thousand dollars, the sureties
may become severally liable for por
tions of not less than twenty-five hun
dred dollars. When there are more
than two sureties, such sureties may
justify in an amount which in the ag
gregate shall equal double the amount
of said bond.
Sec. 4. Every surety upon an official
bond, other than lawfully authorized
surety companies, must make an affi
davit, which shall be endorsed upon
such bond, that he is a resident and
freeholder In the City and County, and
worth In property situated in the City
and County, exclusive of incumbrances
thereon, double the amount of his un
dertaking over and above all sums for
which he is already liable or in any
manner bound, whether as principal,
lndorser or surety, and whether such
prior obligation or liability be condi
tional or absolute, liquidated, or un
liquidated, due or to become due. All
persons offered as sureties on official
bonds may be examined on oath as to
their qualifications by the officers whose
duty It is to approve the bond.
Sec. 5. When under any of the pro
visions of this Charter, or of any ordi
nance, an official bond shall be required
from an officer, the Supervisors may,
by resolution, require an additional
bond, whenever, in the opinion of
such board, such bond or any surety
thereto becomes insufficient; and such
additional bond shall also be required
when a surety to a bond shall die or
cease to be a resident of the City and
County.
Sec. 6. Every officer shall be liable on
his official bond for the acts and omis
sions of his deputies, assistants, clerks,
and employees, appointed by him, and
of any and each of them, and every of
ficial bond shall contain such a condi
tion.
Sec 7. Every board, department or
officer may require of their deputies,
clerks or employees bonds of Indemnity
with sufficient sureties for the faithful
performance of their duties.
ARTICLE XVI.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SECTION 1. The words "City and
County" wherever they occur in this
Charter mean the City and County of
San Francisco; and every department,
board and officer, wherever either one
of them is mentioned in this Charter,
means a department, board or officer,
as the case may be, of the City and
County of San Francisco.
Sec. 2. All deputies, clerks, assistants
and other employees of the City and
County must be citizens of the United
States, and must, during their respect
ive terms of office or employment, ac
tually reside in the City and County
and must have so resided for one year
next preceding their appointment.
Sec. 3. No officer of the City and
County, except members of the Police
Department acting under orders of the
Chief thereof, shall absent himself
from the State; but he may, once only
during his term of office, so absent him
self for a period of not more than sixty
days upon the written permission of
the Mayor so to do. Violation of this
section shall be sufficient cause for the
removal of any officer violating the
same.
Sec. 4. Any person holding a salaried
office under the City and County,
whether by election or appointment,
who shall, during his term of office,
hold or retain any other salaried office
under the government of the United
States, or of this State, or who shall
hold any other salaried office connected
with the government of the City and
County, or who shall become a member
of the Legislature, shall be deemed to
have thereby vacated the office held
by him under the City and County.
Sec. 5. No department, board or offi
cer shall, under any circumstances, em
ploy more subordinates than are spe
ciflcaUy provided for in this Charter or
buy supplies beyond the sum furnished
therefor by the Supervisors.
Sec. 6. No Supervisor and no officer
or employee of the City and County,
shall be or become, directly or Indirect
ly. Interested in. or in the performance
of, any contract, work, or business, or
in the sale of any article, the expense,
price or consideration of which is paya
ble from the treasury; or In the pur
chase or lease of any real estate or
other property belonging to, or taken
by, the City and County, or which shall
be sold for taxes or assessments, or by
virtue of legal process at the suit of the
City and County. If any person in this
section designated shall, during the
time for which he was elected or ap
pointed, acquire an interest in any con
tract with, or work done for, the City
and County, or any department or offi
cer thereof, or in any franchise, right or
privilege granted by the City and Coun
ty, unless the same shall be devolved
upon him by law. he shall forfeit his of
fice, and be forever after debarred and
disqualified from *being elected, ap
pointed or employed in the service of
the City and County: and all such con
tracts shall be void, and shall not be
enforceable against the City and Coun
ty.
Sec. 7. No officer or employee of the
City and County shall give or promise
to give to any other person, any por
tion of his compensation, or any money,
or valuable thing, in consideration of
having been, or of being, nominated,
appointed, voted for, or elected to, any
office or employment: and if any such
promise or gift be made, the person
making such gift or promise shall for
feit his office and employment, and be
forever debarred and disqualified from
being elected, appointed or employed In
the service of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Any officer of the City and
County who shall, while in office, ac
cept any donation or gratuity in money,
or other valuable thing, either directly
or indirectly, from any subordinate or
employee, or from any candidate or ap
plicant for any position as employee
or subordinate under him, shall forfeit
his office, and be forever debarred and
disqualified from holding any position
in the service of the City and County.
Sec. a. Every department, board and
commission provided for in this Char
ter, except the Supervisors, shall ren
der to the Mayor within one month af
ter the end of each fiscal year a full re
port of all the operations of such de%
partment or board or commission for
such year.
Sec. 10. An office becomes vacant
when the incumbent thereof dies, re
signs, is adjudged insane, convicted of
felony, or of an offense involving a vio
lation of his official duties, or is re
moved from office, or ceases to be <t
resident of the City and County, or neg
lects to qualify within the time pre
scribed by law, or within twenty days
after his election or appointment, or
shall have been absent from the State
without leave for more than sixty con
secutive days.
Sec. 11. Every officer who shall ap
prove, allow or pay any demand on the
treasury not authorized by law, ordi
nance or this Charter, shall be liable to
the City and County Individually and
on his official bond for the amount of
the demand so illegally approved, al
lowed or paid.
Sec. 12. The departments, boards,
commissioners and officers provided for
in this Charter shall be entitled to the
possession of all papers, books, docu
ments, maps, plats, records and ar
chives In the possession or under the
control of those respectively who are
superseded in office under this Charter
by such departments, boards, commis
sioners and officers.
Sec. 13. All books and records of
every office and department shall bo
open to the inspection of any citizen at
any time during business hours. Cer
tified copies or extracts from said books
and records shall be given by the offi
cer having the same in custody to any
person demanding the same, and pay
ing or tendering ten cents a folio of one
hundred words for such copies or ex
tracts; but the records of the Police
Department shall not be subject to
such inspection except permission be
given by the Police Commissioners or
by the Chief of Police.
Sec. 14. The Treasurer shall keep his
office open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from nine o'clock
in the forenoon until four o'clock in
the afternoon. Except where other
wise provided for by law, or by this
Charter, all other public offices shall be
kept open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from half-past
eight o'clock in the forenoon until five
o'clock in the afternoon; and, in ad
dition thereto, from the first day of
November until the last Monday of De
cember in each year the office of the
Tax Collector shall l_e kept open until
nine o'clock in the evening.
Sec. 15. No person shall be eligible to
or hold any office, or be clerk or dep
uty in any office or department, who
has been found guilty of malfeasance
in office, bribery or other infamous
crime or who in any capacity has em
bezzled public funds.
Sec. 16. The fiscal year mentioned in
this Charter shall commence on the
first day of July and end on the thirti
eth day of June following.
Sec. 17. All moneys, assessments and
taxes belonging to or collected for the
use of the City and County, coming into
the hands of any officer of the City and
County, shall Immediately be deposited
with the Treasurer for the benefit of
the funds to which they respectively
belong. If such officer for twenty-four
hours after receiving the same shall
delay or neglect to make such deposit,
he shall be deemed guilty of misconduct
in office and may be removed.
Sec. 18. Any elected officer, except
Supervisor, may be suspended by the
Mayor and removed by the Supervisors
for cause; and any appointed officer
may be removed by the Mayor for
cause. The Mayor shall appoint some
person to discharge the duties of the
office during the period of such sus
pension.
Sec. 19. When the Mayor shall sus
pend any elected officer he shall im
mediately notify the Supervisors of
such suspension and the cause there
for. If the Board Is not In session he
shall immediately call a session of the
same in such manner as shall be pro
vided by ordinance. The Mayor shall
present written charges against such
suspended officer to the Board and fur
nish a copy of the same to said officer,
who shall have the right to appear
with counsel before the Board in his
defense. If by an affirmative vote of
not less than fourteen members of the
Board of Supervisors, taken by ayes
and noes and entered on Its record, the
action of the Mayor is approved, then
the suspended officer shall thereby be
removed from office; but if the action
of the Mayor is not so approved such
suspended officer shall be immediately
reinstated.
Sec. 20. "When the Mayor shall re
move an appointed officer from office,
he shall immediately notify the Board
of Supervisors of such removal, and
furnish it a statement of, the cause
therefor, which statement shall be en
tered in the record of its proceedings.
Sec. 21. Unless otherwise provided
by law or by this Charter, any officer,
board or department authorized to ap
point any deputy, clerk, assistant or
employee, shall have the right to re
move any jerson so appointed.
Sec. 22. All appointments of officers,
deputies and clerks to be made under
any provision of this Charter must be
made in writing and in duplicate, au
thenticated by the person or person,
board or officer making the same. One
of such duplicates must be filed with
the Secretary of the Civil Service Com
mission and the other with the Auditor.
Sec. 23. Wherever It is provided in
this Charter that the members of any
board, department or commission shall
so classify themselves by lot that their
terms of office shall expire at different
times, such members shall, on the day
of making such classification, cause the
same to be entered in the records of
their proceedings, and a copy thereof,
certified by the Secretary thereof and
signed by all of said members, shall be
filed with the Clerk of the Supervisors.
In every case such classification must
be made at the first meeting of the
Board.
Sec. 24. Every officer and every mem-
I ber of any board or committee provided
j for In this Charter shall have the power
; to administer oaths and affirmations,
I and every such board, officer or com
j mittee shall have power to issue SHbpe
| nas, to compel by subpena the produc
| tion of books, papers and documents,
i and to take and hear testimony concern
! ins any matter or thing pending before
any such board, officer or committee.
If any person so subpenaed neglect or
i refuse to appear, or to produce any
j book, paper or document, as required
!by such subpena. or shall refuse to
testify before any such board, officer or
committee, or to answer any question
which any officer or a majority of such
board or committee shall decide to be
proper or pertinent, he shall be
deemed in contempt, and any such
board, officer or committee shall have
power to take the proceedings in that
behalf provided by the general laws of
this State. The Chief of Police must,
on request of such officer or of any
member of any such board or com
mittee, detail a. Police Officer Qr Officers
to serve such subpenas.
Sec. 25. All publications provided for
In this Charter must be made in the
official newspaper only.
Sec. 26. All franchises and privileges
heretofore granted by the City and
County which are not In actual use or
enjoyment, or which the grantees
thereof have not In good faith com
menced to exercise, are hereby de
clared forfeited and ©f no validity un
less said grantees or their assigns shall,
within six months after this Charter
takes effect, in good faith commence
the exercise and enjoyment of such
DrivileEe or franchise.
P s;; 07 All ordinances or resolutions
for "the improvement of any street for
which no contract shall have been en
tered into at the time this Charter
takes effect are hereby repealed.
Sec. 28. All ordinances orders and
resolutions of the Supervisors of the
City and County in force at the time
this Charter takes effect and not in
consistent therewith, shall continue in
force until amended or repealed.
Sec. 29. When the Supervisors shall
determine that the public toterest re
quires the construction or a^uisition
of any'permanent municipal building or
improvement, the cost of which in aa
dition to the other expenses of the
City and County will exceed the income
and revenue provided for the City and
County for any one year they must r-v
ordinance passedLy thi affirmative Tot*
of not less than fourteen members vi
the Board, submit a proposition to in
cur a bonded indebtedness for such
purpose to the electors of the City ana
County at a special election to be held
for that purpose only. All the provis
ions of this Charter providing for the
acquisition of public utilities, so far as
the same are applicable, shall apply to
the manner of submitting such propo
sition to the electors, to the limitations
of said bonded indebtedness, to the is
suance and character of the same, and
to the time when and the kind of
money in which said bonded in
debtedness shall be payable. The pro
ceeds of the sales of such bonds shall
be paid into the treasury to the credit
of the Public Building Fund.
Sec 30. Eve»y assistant deputy or
other subordinate of any board, depart
ment or officer, shall discharge any of
the duties pertaining to such depart
ment, board or office as his chief may
assign him to.
Sec. 31. No member of the Board of
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners
shall be eligible to any elective office
while he is a member of such Board, or
for one year thereafter.
Sec. 32. No member of the Board or
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners,
and no officer, subordinate or employee
of the Police Department or of the Fire
Department, shall be a member of any
partisan convention the purpose of
which is to nominate candidates for
office; nor shall either of them directly
or indirectly electioneer, by soliciting
votes or otherwise, for or against any
candidate for office at any election, or
for or against any candidate for nomi
nation before any political convention,
or for or against any candidate for del
egate to such convention at any pri
mary election; nor shall either of them
be a member of any committee, club,
or organization the purpose of which is
to nominate or endorse candidates for
office at any election; nor in any way
attempt to influence or control such
committee, club or organization, while
nominating or endorsing said candi
dates; nor take any part In the control,
management or distribution of the po
litical patronage of any public officer:
nor shall any member of either of said
Boards, or any officer, subordinate or
employee of either of said departments
directly or indirectly attempt to control
or in any manner influence the action
of any officer, subordinate or employe*
of either of said departments at any
general, special or primary election.
And no officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments shall
levy, collect or pay any amount of
money as an assessment or contri
bution for political purposes. Any
person violating any of the pro
visions of this section shall be re
moved forthwith from his office or
employment If the violation be by a
member of either of said Boards the
Mayor must remove such member: and
if by an officer, employee or subordinate
of either of said departments, then the
Board whose officer, employee or sub
ordinate has been guilty of such viola
tion, must remove such officer, employee
or subordinate; and if such Board fall
or refuse to make such removal, then
the Mayor must remove all members of
the Board who have so failed or re
fused.
Sec. 33. No deputy, clerk or other em
ployee of the City and County shall be
paid for a greater time than that
covered by his actual service.
Sec. 34. The salaries provided in this
Charter shall be in full compensation
for all services rendered, and every of
ficer shall pay all moneys coming into
his hands as such officer, no matter
from what source derived or received,
into the treasury of the City and
County within twenty-four hours af
ter receipt of the same.
Sec. 35. When any officer, board or de
partment shall require additional depu
ties, clerks or employees, application
shall be made to the Mayor therefor,
and upon such application the Mayor
shall make investigation as to the ne
cessity for such additional assistance;
and if he find the same necessary ha
may recommend to the Supervisors to
authorize the appointment of such ad
ditional deputies, clerks or employees;
and thereupon the Supervisors, by an
affirmative vote of not less than four
teen members, may authorize such ap
pointments, and provide for the com
pensation of such appointees, subject to
the limitations contained in this Char
ter, and subject to the provisions of
Article XIII thereof.
Sec. 3fr. At any time between the first
day of December, In the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and the first day of January, in
the year nineteen hundred, the person
who, at the election held under this
Charter in the month of November next
preceding, has been elected the Mayor
of the City and County, shall make all
the appointments provided by this
Charter to be made by him, and all
the persons so appointed shall there
upon qualify as in this Charter pro
vided, and shall take office at the hour
of noon on the first Monday after the
first day of January in the year nine
teen hundred, and all boards, commis
sions and officers of the City and Coun
ty holding by appointment under ex
isting laws shall hold office no longer
than said last aforesaid time.
Sec. 37. The balance remaining in the
School Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Common School Fund cre
ated by this Charter. The balance re
maining in the Library Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect shall
forthwith be transferred to the Library
Fund created by this Charter. The bal
ance remaining in the Park Improve
! ment Fund at the time this Charter
■ takes effect shall forthwith be trans
i ferred to the Park Fund created by this
Charter. The balance remaining in the
i I'napportioned Fee Fund at the time
I this Charter takes effect shall forthwith
Ibe transferred to the Unapportioned
Fee Fund created by this Charter. The
balance remaining in the Police Relief
and Pension Fund at the time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
i transferred to the Police Relief and
Pension Fund created by this Charter.
The balance remaining in the Surplus
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect shall forthwith be transferred to
the Surplus Fund created by this Char
ter. The balance remaining in the Spe
cial Deposit Fund at the time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Special Deposit Fund
created by this Charter. The balance
remaining in the General Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect, the
balance remaining in the Street Light
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the balance remaining in the
Street Department Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect, the balance
remaining in the Police Contingent
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the balance remaining in the
Pound Fee Fund at the time this Char
ter takes effect, and the balance re
maining in the Special Fee Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect, shall
each and every one of them be forth
with transferred to the General Fund
created by this Charter. Out of thtpaid General Fund shall be paid, as in
thia section hen Inafter provided, all
the expenses of. the various depart
menta o£ the City and County, except
piicli | pc by this Charter
paid oui of the Funds specifically
led for the payment of such ex-
Fot th • six months ending on
the thirtieth day of .Tune, in the year
en hundred, each and every of
t aid departments shall expend the
■ i each of tliem by
th ■> R . irvisora of the existins
municipality. So much of said moneys
..I I--, by - I ol (Supervisors
to 1 ■ ■ . • '■ E*ublic Streets,
ir< a for the fiscal
; -;ii'.'. thirtieth day of
June, en hundred, as
Bhall led ;it tho time
this i '• shall be ex
i> months by th>»
Public Works in the opera
:emitted to
Up charge. AH the expea Bea of tho City
t to be paid out
Is shall be paid during
ha out of the General
Fund. Should the moneys sot apart
R i per vi si irs i T the ex
: ality to any department
i > ' I'/ y '■■•, i ime or h<>
a 1 any time during said six
lid any di I cre
ter have r,« money
' ■ vided fr>r it during said
nths, then in each such case the
•'- reof shall he paid out of
ral Fund, notwithstanding
lined in sections six and
•••r lof Artie 1 .- IIT of 'his
■r. Such pensions asmayaccrueto
■■ under Article IX of this Char
ter 'I-.: •: : lid six months shall be paid
out "f the General Fund. Tho existing
municipality mentioned in this section
existing municipality of the City
'ounty of Ran Francisco, anil tlv>
Beveral funds which are to l>o trana-
I 03 in this section provided are
■ xistir.p municipality. All
tho t listing municipality
I in this section, and
which are authorized by law, shall bo
continued in the treasury until the ne
cessity :or their continuance ceases.
Bee. 38. When the necessity for
mail ' ' y Fund of the City and
County In existence at the time this
Than - takes effect has ceased to ex
ist, an 1 a balance remains in such
Fund, the Supervisors shnll so declare
by ordinance, and upon such declara
tion such balance shall be forthwith
transferred to the Ceneral Fund.
SCHEDULE.
This Charter shall be published for
twenty days in The San Francisco Call
and in the Daily Report, daily news- i
papers of gceral c ml. tion in the ;
City and County of San Francisco, and
after such publication, viz.: on Thurs- j
day, the twenty-sixth day of May, in
the year one thousand eight hundred
and ninety-eight, it shall be submitted !
to the qualified electors of said City
and County of San Francisco, at a spe
cial election which shall be held on that
day, for the Bole purpose of voting upon
the adoption of the same; and if a ma
jority of the qualified electors of said j
City and County voting at said election
shall, ratify the same it shall be sub- \
mitted to the Legislature of the State :
of California for its approval or rejec
tion. If the Legislature shall approve
the same, it shall take effect and be in '
force, except as hereinafter otherwise '
provided, on and after the hour of noon
on the first Monday after the firs' day
of January in the year nineteen hun
dred, and shall thereupon become the
Charter ard organic law of the City
and County of San Francisco, and shall
supersede the existing Charter of said
City and County, and all amendments
thereof, and all laws inconsistent with
this Charter.
The form of ballots at sal: election
shall be as follows:
FOR THE NEW charter, r~:a
FOR THE NEW CHARTZR, NO.
For the sole purposes of the election
of the officers directed in this Charter '■
to be'eleeleJ by the p<- >p'.e, this Char- '
ter shall take effect on and after its
approval by the Legislature, and the
election of such otficer ; shall be man
aged, conducted and controlled by the
Board of Election Commissioners in
and for said City and County in office
at the time of such election.
And for the Bole other purpose of the
Mayor elected under this Charter mak
ing the appointments provided in this
Charter to be made by hi..;, and of the
qualification of the persons so ap
pointed, this Charter shall take effect
on the first day of December, in the i
year one thousand eight hundred and '•
ninety-nine.
BE IT KNOWN, That the City and I
County of San Francisco, containing a I
population of more than two hundred j
thousand t-.ihabitants, on the twenty
seventh day of December, in the year 1
one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-seven, and under and in ac- I
cordance with the provisions of Sec
tion 8. of Article XI. of the Constitu- ;
tion of this State, did elect the under
figned a Board of Fifteen Freeholders, !
to prepare and propose a Charter for 1
paid City and County: and we. the '
members of said Board, in pursuance
of such provisions of the Constitution, -
nnd within a period of ninety days
after such election, have prepared and j
do propose the foregoing, signed in
duplicate, as and for the Charter for
paid City and County of San Fran
cisco.
IX WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
hereunto Bet our hands in duplicate,
this twenty-fifth day of March; in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-eight.
JOSEPH BRIT/TON. President.
JEROME A. ANDERSON,
JAMES BUTLER.
11. X. CLEMENT,
A. COMTE, Jr.,
ALFRED CRIDGE.
L. R. ELLEKT.
ISIDOR GUTTE.
p. H. McCarthy,
JOHN NIGHTINGALE. Jr..
JOHN C. NOBMANN.
JOSEPH O'CONNOR.
LIPPMANN SACHS.
EDWARD R. TAYLOH.
A. W. THOMPSON.
Attest: J. RICH'D FREUD.
Secretary.
THE CALX. CALENDAR.
April, IS3S.
|Su . M o Tri. ,
1
3 i 5
19 11 12
17 \i 19
M 2i M
I
.Mo
4
IWe Th.
B 7
1 1 U
27 2»
1
6
15
IT
17
F,
2
I "IT I
©Full Moon.
j^ April C.
! frr Last Ou.irter
Vli April I.;.
\ .-% Moon,
W April 20.
First Quarter,
Moon's Phases.
1 W.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydroirraphlo
Office, located In the Merchants' ISxchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are corilally Invited to visit the
cf.lcr\ where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
lnformctlon can always be obtained regarding
light*, dangers to navigation and all matter*
cf -Interest to ocoan coir.merce. .
The time ball on top of the building on T»le
rraph Ilill la holcted about ten minutes befora
noon and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by tolr-prapnlc signal received each day from
the T - niro(l States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. Cat
A no'tioe Ftatlnir •whether the time ball was
dropped on time <r giving the error. If any, 'ls
published the same dnv by the afternoon
papers, and by the morning papers the follow
ing day. v - W. R. HUGHES, j
Lieutenant. V. S. N., In charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. ; N., .Mer
chants' Exchange. ' ■.■..- • ■ \
Ban Fran.-!s:o, April 6.
Cnpt:iin .7 Donnelly of the schr Webfoot ' re
ports to the Branch Hydrographlc Office that
on 'March 19, in lat 37 12 N, lon* 125 31 W. lie
passed a quantity of lumber and several piles.
r »-- . "- osntar bruu-d with Iron rod attached, ,
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver higher again.
Wheat and Barley about the game, higher on
call. V;v:
Produce Exchange adjourned over Good Fri
day.
Oats active and firm.
Corn and Rye steady.
Flour and Millstuffs firm. ■
Hay and Feedstuff* string.
Borne changes In Scuds. Beans as before.
Potatoes and Onions firm.
Vegetables about the same.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Fruits unaltered.
Provisions continue firm.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Hoge lower. _
FRIDAY A GRAIN HOLIDAY.
The Produce Exchange yesterday voted to j
adjourn over Friday, hence there will be no j
grain markets to-xnorr w.
Tin: RAIN.
The rainfall for the current storm \>i> to 7
o'clock yestenja: morning was from .2;. I
of nn inch average throughout the northern ;
part of the State, from .OS to .16 in the Salinas
and from .03 to .12 at ac\ > eral polnta In
the San Joaquln, though mo;.t of the points ■
atter dtatrlct got none ;»t aIL The fall |
waa ; >o lit;iit to materially affect values.
EXPORTS OF SPECIE.
Exports of specie from this port during the
flrat three months of the y<>ar were $16,466,951,
against f1.". 370, 137 for the same time last year,
and included J1.058.500 In Bllver bullion, $!;Jl. v :'.i
in Mexican dollars, 313,577,696 in gold coin and
$2L596 In silver coin. Of this treaaure H. 395
,-250 went I ■ China. 3320,100 to India, $97,000 to
Honolulu and (12,(18,000 to New York.
GOLD COIN' MOVEMENT.
The movement of s 11 coin at San Francisco
for the flrat three montlta of the year was as
follows:
Paid for duties tt 456, 200
Exported 13,677,700
Wlthdra wn 116.033,900
Coined January 1 to March 31 12,890,000
Loss to local circulation $ 1,143,900
Loss in 1897 G,5:<7.900
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top flgr
ures at station indicate minimum tempe rature
-■• anderneath it. it any, the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow In lnch?s
and hundredtha ilunns the 1 ast twelve hours.
!•■ bars, i r noiiil linos, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lints, equal
cature. The word "high" mean* high
etric prepsure p.nd is usually accompanied
t.. fall weather: "low" refers to low pres
:id Is usually preceded and accompanied
by • loudy weather and rnins. '.*L««WS" usually
appear on the Washington coast When
the pressure Is high in the Interior and low
along the coas=t, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when th-- "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain Fouth of Oregon is im
probable. With a "high" In the vicinity of
. and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may he expected
in summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite resuit.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 6, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date'
last season and rainfall during the past j
twenty-four hours:
Past This Last
Stations — 14 hours. Season. Season. i
Eureka 1.32 30.43 47. «6
Red Bluff 0.22 12.30 23.
Sacramento 0.24 8.87 17.
San Francisco 0.13 7.75 22.56:
Fresno 0 4.01 10.52 j
San Luis ObUpo Trace 6.05 20.71 |
Los Angeles 0 5.26 16.74
San Diego 0 4.10 ll.Cd
Yuma 0 1.65 5.35
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
''•: minimum, 45; mean, 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
;•■.;. [■:_].- FORECASTS.
The pressure has risen rapidly during the
past twenty-four hours over the central por
tion of the Pacific Coast. The area of low
pressure which was central last night over
the northern portion of the Pacific Coast has
moved eastward. ■ . .
The temperature has fallen over the greater
portion of the Pacific slope. It has fallen rap-
Idly in the San Joaquln Valley and Northern
Nevada.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Fort Canby. 38 miles per hour from the
south: Baker City. 2S southeast: Idaho Falls,
28 southwest; Carson City, 26 south.
Light rains have fallen In Northern Califor
nia.
Forecasts made nt San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, April 7. 189S:
Northern California — Fair Thursday, with j
fog on the coast In the morning; southwesterly !
wind.
Southern California — Cloudy Thursday; south
westerly wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Thursday; continued cold
weather.
(Jtah— Cloudy Thursday and decidedly colder; i
probably rain In northern portion.
Arizona— Cloudy Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Thurs
day; southwesterly winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals. taken
at 5 p. m. — Clear; wind northwest, 12 miles per j
hour: temperature, 43; maximum, 47; rainfall, 1
.10 of an inch.
ALEXANDER O. McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK. April G. —Close— Money on call,
2 1 ,ifa4 per cent; last loan, XVi per cent; prime
mercantile paper, Ldi6 per cent; sterling ex
change firmer, with actual business In bankers'
bills at }4 83"riS4 S4Vi tor demand and J4 SO^-gi
4 80V. for sixty days; posted rates. $4 81®4 BIMI
and "$4 S4'y4 M^-fc; commercial bills. $4 75? i; sil
ver certificates, 66967 c; bar silver. 5Cc; Mexi
can dollars, 45V«c; Government bonds, heavy;
State bonds, dull; railroad bonds, firm.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 6.— There Is a strong con
viction In Wall street that delay in the send
ing in of the President's message Is favorable
to the avoidance of war. This was clearly
manifested In the response of the market to the
early rumor from abroad that the President's
message would not go In to-day, and to the
later authorized announcement from Washing
ton that it would be withheld until Monday.
The disposition of the message was the cen
tral point about which the whole market turned
aJI day. The assortloiia of the newspapers this
morning that it would without question go in
to-day, ajid that it would declare for forcible
Intervention caused the decline at the open
ing opening prices In almost all cases being
the' lowest of the day. The resistance to the
decline and the quick recovery wcru a surprise
to outside observers, who wore prepared for
something like a panic on the exchange. The
recovery was due to cabled reports of a rumor
in London that the messne<- would not come
in until next Thursday. This rumor was
quickly discredited by statements from Wash
ington and the market drifted to a lower
i,li>ne again, but not to the lowest. The stag
nation of the trading during this period of
waiting was almost absolute and the sudden
outbreak of activity when the later authentic
reports came from Washington that the mes
<nKf would be delayed until Monday was In
strong contrast. It was evident that the con
tusion was leaped to that the withholding of
the message was due to a reception of further
proposals from Spain or to movemeuts for
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 1898.
mediation by European powers giving promise
that the countries might emerge peacefully
from their entanglement. The •■ violent ad- i
vance was checked and reaction set in when '
it was stated that the delay waa due to ad- I
vices from Consul-General Lee that he would j
not be able to secure the departure in safety i
of Americans from Cuba, before next Monday. j
Prices stiffened again, however, before the !
close on the strength of the general sentiment j
that delay favored peace. The money market i
maintained a waiting attitude. Time money ;
was firm at C per cent for all dates, but the |
exchange market showed a hardening tend
ency. Gold continues to come, however, from
abroad.
Bonds moved in sympathy with stocks and
were stagnant, until the last hour, when prices
advanced on a spurt of activity. Total sales,
$1, 850. 000. •
United States new 4's registered were *4
lower bid. Prices otherwise were unchanged
on the day. The new 4's coupon sold all the
way from 120 at the opening to 121%, the last
trnnsnotlon. ;J, •
Total sales of stocks to-day wore 327..>00
shares, Including: Atchlson preferred, 80,350;
Burlington, 38.750; Manhattan, 16.640; Metropoli
tan Street Railway, 5250: Reading preferred,
87BO; Missouri Pacific. 3047: New York Central,
■' •■■: Northern Pacific. 6445; Northern Pacific I
preferred, 10.370; Rock Island. 14.390; St. Paul. '
3«,?fVi: Southern preferred. 3017: Union Pacific,
31,67:.: Union Pacific. Denver, and _ Gulf, 6420;
American Tobacco, 745; People's Gas, 5720;
American. Sugar. 06.820.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 11% St P & Om 70
Do pref 26 Do pref 543
Baltimore & Ohio 16V? S P M & M 130
Canada Pacific ... SO 1 /? So Pacific 14
Canada Southern. 47 So Railway B*4
Cent Pac 12 Do pref ........ 27' 8
Ches & Ohio 18% Texas & Pacific.. lOVi
Chi & Alton 153V4 Union Pacific .... 53Vi
Chi B & Q 93?, D P D & G...... 675,
Chi & E 111 ... 52 Wabash 6%
CCC &St L..., 2S>4 Do pref 15 7
Do pref 70 Wheel & L E.... 1%
Del & Hudson.... 106% Do pref S%
Del L & \V 148 Express Companies—
Den & R (! 10 Adams Ex 100
Do pref 41*4 American Ex 120
Erie (new) ll£ United States .... 38
Do Ist pref .... 33 l 4 Wells Fargo 113
Ft Wayne 168 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor pref 14S A Cot OH 10&
Hocking Val 6% I Do pref Cl»
Illinois Cent 99% Amn Spirits 9
Lake Erie & W.. 14 Do pref 19*,6
Do pref 89 Am Tobacco 102&
Lake Shore 179 Do pref 113
Louis & Nash.... 50% People's Gas 92H
Manhattan L .... 9S>/> Cons Gas 17S>£
Met St Ky 140H Com Cable C 0.... 150
Mich Cent 105 Col F & Iron IS
Minn & St L 23 Do pref 90 .
Do Ist pref SO 'Gen Electric S3
Mo Pacific 27*4 Illinois Steel 45
Mobile & 0hi0... 27 Laclede Gas 42
Mo X & T lO'/i Lead 30%
Do pref ........ 32% Do pref 102
Chi ln>l & L 7 Nat Lin Oil 13%
Do uref 23 Or Imp Co 27
N J Central 92 Pacific Mail ..... 25
N V Central .... 111% Pullman Pal 170
N v Chi & s L.. 12 Silver Cert £6
Do Ist prof .... 63 Stand R & T.... 3%
Do id pref .... 23 Susar "3 7 i
Nor West 12% Do pref 107 Vi
No Amer Co . 5% T C & Iron 20%
No Pacific 23 v S Leather 6%
Do pref 62% Do pref 57% j
Ontario &- W 14% U S Rubber 161,4
Or It & Nay 45 I Do pref 64
Or Short Line... 27' i West Union S6V4
Pittsburg 16S Chi G W 119*4
Reading 17 Do pref 172Va
Do Ist pref .... 39% St L & S W 4
Rock Island Sfi Do pr?f ♦•
St L & S F 6U R G W 23
Do Ist nref 56 Do pref 54
Do 3d pref .... 26 Chi G W I" 1
St Paul 90% Haw Com C 0.... 22 ,4
Do pref 142
CLOSING EONDS.
D S new 4s reg.. 121' iIN J C 5s ..; 112
Do coupon .... 121 1 N Carolina 65.... 1224
U S 4s 109.-. Do 4s 100
Do coupon Hl',4 No Pac lsts 112
Do 2ds 97' i Do 3s 5k
1" ssa reg 112V4 Do 4s 93
Do 6s coup 112% N' V C & S L 4s. 101
District 3.65 a 116 Nor & \V us 120
Afa class A 108% Northwstrn cons. 143
Do B 106 Do deb f.s 116
Do C 93 O Nay lsts 115
Do Currency ... 95 <> Nay :s 92Va
Atchison 4s 87% 0 S Line 6s tr.... 119
Do adj 4s 59*; I') S Line 5s tr.... 100
Can So 2ds 106% O tmii lsts tr.... 1"!
Chi Term 4s 62 ; Do be tr 54%
C & Ohio 6a 113 V. I Pacific 6s of 95... 103
<• H & D 4>..5.... 104% Reading 4s 80% '
I) £ R G lsts.... 101 R G W lsts 80
D & R G 4S 89 IS L & I M C as.. 87%
East Term lsts... 105 Is L & S F G 65.. US
Erie Gen 4s 67 St P c0n.... 140
F W & D lsts tr. 67 St P C & P lsts.. 11
Gen Elec 5s 100 Do .-is 113%
Gi!& B A 65.... 102 Bo Ry r,s SSV4
Do 2ds 103 Stand R & T 65.. 55
H & T C ."s 110 Term new set 35.. 83
Do con 6s 103 T&■ PL G lsts.. 99
lowa C lsts 99 Do Re 2ds 31
X P Con tr 102 T P D .<:• G lsts.. 53%
X P Ist D D tr.. 124 j\Yab Ist 55.. 106%
La new cons 45... '.<7'-> Do Ms .....77
L & N Uni 45.... 85 W Shore 45....... 107
Missouri 6a 100 IVn Centuries ... 67,£
M K . * T 2ds - 60 Do deferred , . 3_
r>o"4s ■ $6 ' D P pret ........ 53%
N V Central lsts.. 115 U.P4S. Pl',4
MINING STOCKS. /
Chollar ....... *« I Ontario:.'. V.... 250
Crown Point 20 ! Ophlr 7 70
Con Cal & .a 70 Plymouth OS
Deadwood 75 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry.. . 20 Do pref 2 00.
Hale & Norcross. 1 10 Sierra Nevada.... 1 60
Homestake 37 00 ] Standard 170
Iron Silver 30 Union Con ........ 40
Mexican 40 1 Yellow Jacket ... 20
V..,.; ; - v .
BOSTON.
BOSTON, April Atchison. m, : Bell Tele
phone, 245; Burlington, 93%; Mexicfln Central,
4 i: Oregon Short Line, 28; San Diego, ;
Boston and Montana, 175; Boston and Butte
34%; I'arrutt, 23.
LONDON MARKETS.
NEW YORK, April 6.— The -Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were waiting for President Mc-
Kinley's message to-day. The tone was awful
dull and feverish.
Americans opened fairly steady and then
Brave way on a sharp fall in Spanish 4«. The
latter subsequently rallied on Paris buying,
accompanied by reports that the Emperor of
Austria wan endeavoring to induce Spain to
come to terms.
Americans recovered with Spanish 4s, but In
the street became dull, notably consols) on
rumors that £75,000 in gold had been
ordered for New York from the Bank of
England to-morrow. New York sent tellinir
orders for Americans the first thing but at
the same time gave a lot of option money for
put and call later. New York also took stock
on balance.
Brazils were better on the rise in exchange
Gold to the amount of £155,000 was with
drawn from the Bank of England to-day for
New York, of which £100,000 was in sover
eigns. It is believed that this indicates
I an expectancy of. their probable return here
; soon.
The bank's selling price of eagles is 7Ga Bd.
but the buying price is probably 3 pence less!
Hence to bring- them back means considerable
; loss.
No withdrawal of Saturday's holiday has yet
: been announced. It is believed that nothing
but a war declaration will stop it. The city
opinion still favors a probable aversion of war
at the present time.
The prevalent rate for money here to-day Is
i2 7 per cent, contracts being made subject
however, to a possible rise in the Bank of
England's rate to-morrow.
The stock exchange will be closed Friday
Saturday and Monday.
Spanish 4s closed on the stock exchange at
48%, a net loss of % from yesterday's closing
price. _______ h
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, April FLOUR-Receipts,
26,400 barrels; exports, 6760 barrels. Without
activity or important change, the close being
steady.
WHEAT — Receipts, ,107,775 bushels; spot
steady; No. 2 red nominal. Options of .■ a
firmer opening on higher cables were adversely
affected by liquidation brought on by unfavor
able Washington news. Near months were
chiefly Influenced. A late rumor that the
President's message would be delayed caused
some rally, but near deliveries, nevertheless,
closed %@%c lower, against H@V4c rise in late
months. No. 2 red May, Jl 00%<3>l 01%, closed
$1 00V4.
WOOL— Quiet.
HOPS— Firm.
PETROLEUM— DuII. .
METALS— feeling in metals continues
mixed. While some departments show a de
cided change for the better others are easy
| and lower. At the close the Metal Exchange
called plgiron warrants dull, with $6 65 bid and
}U S5 asked. . .
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged, with $11 90 bid
and $12 10 asked.
TlN— Firmer, with $14 35 bid and $14 45 asked
SPELTER— Firmer, with $4 25 bid and $4 35
asked.
LEAD— Easier, with $3 67H bid and $3 70
asked. Lead is still auoted at $3 r>o by the
firm fixing the settling: price for miners and
smelters in the West.
COFFEE— opened barely steady, with
prices unchanged to 5 points lower; closed weak.
With prices 25(555 points net lower. Sales "4 '-
750 bags, including April, 6.30 c; May, 5.75Q:6 30c
Spot Coffee— Rio, weak; No. 7 invoice 7c- No
7 jobbing. 7%c; mild, strong; Cordova, S^i'tilTc'
Sales heavy, business in mild ; and Brazilian
spot coffee. .-* . . . . -■
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining, - 3%c
centrifugal, 96 test, 4V*c; refined, strong. ' ■
[ DRIED FRUIT.
I NEW YORK, April California Dried
Fruits: ■ ,
APPLES— Steady; others steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, s@74c
prime wire tray, Sc; wood-dried, prime, BVIc 4
choice. 8V«c; fancy, 9@9%c.
. PRUNES-3tff?7%c. : :;iV;^i;
APRICOTS— RoyaI, B«4@7c; Moorpark," B%<3>
10c.
PEACHES— 6@Bc; peeled, ll@l4c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, April ."■ 6.— The ; highest ■ . prices
reached ; on yesterday's curb, .were quoted for ,
July wheat at the opening to-day, July start
ing all the way from hie to 86*4 c, against
Monday's closing price of 85*4<585%c.
For the first fifteen or twenty minutes' trad
ing- it was difficult to fill the short covering
orders which poured In from locai and outside
sources. Most of this was in small lots, but
St. Louis was a heavy buyer In covering im
portant short lines. The strength at the start
was apparently mostly due to the : foreign
news, Liverpool being about %d higher, ; while
Odessa reported Russian wheat advancing on
the wax prospects. Continental markets also
showed strength and London reported the Con
tinent as a buyer of fourteen of the seven
teen cargoes' off coast. The Northwest move
ment was rather light, Minneapolis and Du
luth reporting receipts of 253 cars, , compared
with 33S last week and 263 a year ago. Chi
cago receipts were 161 cars for two days.
Additions to contract stocks were more mod
erate, 56 cars from regular sources and 29 cars
from mixing houses, a total of about 55.000
bushels. • The advance which marked the
opening soon brought large quantities of long
wheat onto the market, several Important lines
being offered by prominent professionals, and
after the more pressing wants of the shorts
had been satisfied, the market began to de
cline, slowly but surely. The recession move
ment continued for nearly two hours, during
which time July was hammered down to S4%e,
without any reaction of note. The firmness
of the closing Liverpool and Continental ca
bles and heavy purchases by commission
houses stopped the decline at that point and
caused a rally before noon to 85c, when an
other spell of weakness, due partially to I the
comparatively low prices paid for cargoes at
London, resulting in a drop to 84%@54%c. The |
decline was accompanied by a renewal of the I
Iniluentifl.l liquidation which marked the early I
weakness and the market up to within half j
an hour of the close showed considerable i
weakness News that the President's mes- j
sage would not be sent •■■ to Congress before |
Monday relieved the pressure toward the
close and a steadier feeling gradually mani
fested itself, liquidation dropping off to a great
extent Better support was given and the mar
ket recovered to 85V*c. The close was steady
a The action of corn was governed chiefly by
wheat Firm cables . were an early influence.
The market beoame very dull late In the day.
May ranged from 29;ic to 23V4C, and closed un
changed at 2'S**'-
Oats were fairly active In a general way,
with prices influenced mainly by the action
of wheat and corn. May ranged from 25 ' c to
25^c and closed steady at 25tt@25%c.
Provisions were irregular. Starting weak
and lower on account of lower hog prices, the
market quickly rallied on liberal purchases, but j
grew dull later in the session, the only in
fluence apparently being the drop in grain
markets Th« close was rather weak. May
pork 2.c higher: May lard, 7* 4 c lower and
Theieadlng futures ranged as follows:
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2— 78% 75% W 77*4
mlv 106 106 105 103 V*
May S6V4 g .
September ?BVi " s^* 76 % 77%
Corn, No 2- »* W »»
July :: . m m 30 4 31
September 32Vi 32% 32 32%
May"" NO 2 T. 25% 23% 23% 25*4
j u iy •;::::: ■■ 23%; 23% 23*4 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl— g
,': .ss orK. t B M 9 9so 990
July !!!!!!"" 990 10 05 990 9 37',»
Mar.. P !..! 0O lbs— 22.5 5 27*4 I 22* 523
May? .~. •'■ -'•* r> 27 4 B *** B 2:<
3 [l ]y 5 3214 SSo 630 5 32^
Short hibs. per l 1 "1 lbs —
May ■ 5W4 R r.y* 5 17» 620
July.... 5 27Mt 530 525 6 27%
Cash Quotations were as follows: Flour.
steady; No. 3 spring Wheat. >10K%e: No. 2
red. iVO3Uei "V. : No. 2 Corn. 2»%@29%c: No. 2
Oats 2;, V ■ No. 2 white, f. o. h.. 23'ic; No. 3
white f. o. b., 2SQ23c; No. 2 Rye. 51c; No. 2
Barley 34®45c; No. 1 Flaxseed, $1.13; Prime
Timothy Seed. 32 70; Mess Pork, per barrel.
39 9009 95' Lard per 100 pounds, $."> 22Vj: Short
Rib Sides' loose. $5 05#5 SB; Dry Salted Should
ers boxed) -iV" < 7 x'": Short Clear Sides, boxed,
$5 40(35 50; Whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per gallon, M 19%; Sugars, cut loaf, $5 63;
granulated, $6 13@3 38.
Articles Receipts. Shipments. I
Flour barrels 42,000 43.0)0 |
Wheat, bushels 188.000 450,000
Corn bushels 454.000 3,0:>7,000
Oats,' bushels 422.000 1.070.000
Rye, bushels 20.000 142.000
Barley, bushels 67.000 68,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 13@20c: dairies,
Il(al7c. Cheese, quiet; &@SUc. Eggs, firm;
I fresh, 9Uc. :
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
. Receipts. Shipments.
I Cities— - Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 80.COO 20,590
Duluth '. I
Milwaukee ■
Chicago -.182.774 460,468
Toledo 11.586 I.SOO
St. Louis 10,000 10S.OCO
Detroit 5.15 1,000
Kansas City 20.500 14,000
To&is .....:.
water—
! Boston ?5,775 ,
X»-w York 187,775 "' .. . ..
Philadelphia- ;... 4. 7.>'"> : 4,210
Baltimore 40,969 76,000
I New Orleans . ..^..i.4...~r.5- » .:>• - •■....-.-. :
Galveston K7(.0 '. 1.2f>0
Totals .:.:„. ......327.953 ' 81,410
■ PARIS FUTURES.
1 Wheat— '. . . '-• April. May.
Opening 63 25 6115
Closing C 3 50 6160
Flour-
Opening .„... .: 28 95 ' 29 10
Closing ■.: 28 10 2S 40
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
■:';'■ '■.■■■ '■••■ .May. July. Sent. D»<-.
Opening 7 7 7 3 6 7.*, 6 6*4
Closing 7 7\i 7 3"i 67% 67%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, April CATTLE— great
part of the beef steers crossed the scales at
$4 50©5, the commonest offerings being sala
ble at $3 55??4 and prime shipping cattle $5 25®
5 50. The stocker and feeder trade was fairly
; large, with sales largely at $4 2094 «0. Calves
were In good demand, best grades $606 50.
HOGS— Prices for hogs were a little better
than yesterday. Hogs sold at $3 70® 1 10, an
extreme range chiefly at $3 8594, and pigs
sold at $3 S2H and the best heavy at it 10.
SHEEP— Trade was fairly active In sheep,
but wooled lambs were slower and a shade
: lower. Wooled sheep, $4 50®4 80: shorn, $4<^
4 66: culls, t?.'n_3 90; yearlings, $4 65@5 10; shorn
lambs, $4 25®5; unshorn, $.',frs SO.
Receipts— Cattle, 12,000; Hogs, 30,000; Sheep,
16,000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, April CATTLE— Receipts,
official, tiOOO. Native fed cattle, J4@s 17^4;
i Western fed steers, $3 75®4 70; . cows and
i heifers. $2 6094 75; bulls. $3W3 55.
HOGS— Receipts, 14,500. Market generally
lower: bulk 01 sales, $3 CO® 3 75; heavies and
packers, $3 7003 '.'0: medium and mixed, S3 60©
3 SO; light. $3 r>S<f?3 75: pigs, $3 2503 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, Cr>oo. Western sheep, $4 10
04 65: Colorado lambs, $5 20@5 50; • spring
lambs, quiet, $6 So@7.
DENVER.
DENVER. April -rCATTLE— Receipts. 800.
Market slow and dull: beet Rtp»r R) $3 60(^4 30:
cows, $3©3 75; feeders, freight paid to river, Jl-gi
4 40; stockers, freight paid to river, $4@4 6u;
bulls and stags. $203.
HOGS— Receipts, none. Market quiet; light
packers. $3 70@3 SO; mixed, $3 70@3 75; heavy,
*3 65-33 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Quiet, unchanged.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON. April The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow of the
Wool market: In point of sales the market
shows a decided improvement over last week,
over 300 per cent more Wool having been sold,
due to special transactions. Prices are Just
where they were a week ago.
The sales - of the week amounted to 672,000
pounds domestic and 746,000 pounds foreign,
making a total of 1.418,000 pounds, against a
total of 353,000 pounds for the previous week
and a total of 8,516,000 for the corresponding
weak last year.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April 6.— Consols, 111»4; silver, 26d;
French rentes. 103f 15c(£.103f 20c.
LIVERPOOL. April 6.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California wheat, 395; cargoes of
Wnlla Walla wheat, 3Ss lVid: cargoes off coast,
rather firmer; cargoes on passage, firmer; Eng
lish country markets, generally Gd dearer;
French country markets, quiet; wheat in Paris,
firm; flour in Paris, firm.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 7-lGd.
The Orain and Provision Exchange will ob
serve the Eauter holidays by closing from 2
o'clock Thursday of thia week until the fol
lowing Tuesday.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, April B.— Cotton, steady;
middling. 5 9-16 c.
NKW YORK, April 6.— Cotton, steady; mid
dling, 6 3-16 C.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., April 6.— Wheat, firm;
Walla Walla, 790; Valley and Blue Stem, 81c
per bushel. WASHINGTON .
TACOMA, April 6.— Wheat unchanged ; No.
1 club, 80c; No. 1 blue_6tem, 83.
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. April 6.— Exchanges, $345,
556; balances, $55,272.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — »4 gl%
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 84"^
Sterling Cables •••• — 4 S5
New York Exchange, sight.... — is
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17V4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 56
Mexican Dollars ....:. .<..... 46 46V-4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Earl of Dunmore takes for
, Cork 79,002 cU», valued at (US, 500.
The' market opened ■ easy, ■: but advanced on !
call after the first two sessions, the. rainfall
being ■ light. The spot "i market was un
changed. ■ .. ■'■■■■'.-■ - : ■
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 50
for No. 1,11 52Vi for choice and $1 55@1 57% per
ctl for choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES. ' V H:
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
200 D ctls, $1 42; 2000,- $1 42U; 4WXi, $1 42%; 18.
000, $1 42&. ■
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 42%;
SOCO, $1 42Vt.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo ctls,
$152*; 2000, SI 53; 2000, -$1 53% ; 4000. $1 53U. ■ :
December— 2ooo ctls. $144; 2000. $1 44>4; 25.000.
$1 444: 94.000, $1 44%; 6000. $1 44%.
Afternoon Session — December — 6000 ctls,
$1 44%: 16,000, $1 44%.
BARLEY— were easy on the first I
morning sessions, but when it was discovered j
how light the rainfall was there was an im
mediate advance on call, as will be seen. Spot
prices were unaffected. t
Feed, $1 23% £1 26U: Brewing nominal at $1 30
<gl 824-
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock — December — 2000
ctls, Jl 22; 14, C00. $122^; 4000, $1 22%; 2000,
$1 .... 4000, $1 L'2U.
Second Session— December— lo,ooo ctls, Jl 22 1 4;
6000, $1 22Vi- May— 2ooo, $1 22.
Regular Morning Session — December— 2000
ct!». |1 24; 2000. $1 244: 4000. $1 24Vi: 4000, 51 24%:
26,000. $1 25; 6000. |1 254; 4000, $1 25V*.
Afternoon Session — December — 8000 ctls.
II 24\: 6000, $1 25; 24.000, $1 25%; 2000. $1 25V4-
OATS— Dealers • continue to report a good
business at firm prices.
Fancy Feed, $1 35«T1 37V4 per ctl: good to
choice, $1 30S'l 35; common, $1 22 1 -.'&l 30; Sur- j
prise, $1 32%'5l 37%; gray, $125:6130; milling, i
$1 SOi&l 33 per ctl.
Quotations remain unaltered.
Small round yellow, $1 loSrl 20 per ctl; large
yellow. II O6V 4 10; white. (1 10@l 15.
HYR-JI 20 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— II 7J@2 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Flour is firm at the advance. The other
descriptions ar» also strong. .
FLOUR— Family Extras, $5Q5 10; Bakers' Ex
tras. $4 TOrfi-l s5 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— in sacks me as fol
lows, usual discount to the trad.': Graham
..Flour, $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 73 per 100;
Rice Flour. $6; Cornmeal, $2 50: extra cream j
Cornmeal, $3 26; Oatmeal. $4: Oat Groats?, $4 25;
Hominy, $3 2698 50: Buckwheat Flour, $4'jj4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4 75; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 SO
(g6 20; In sacks, $5 60@G: Pearl. Barley, $1 75; |
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Light receipts and an insufficient fall of rain
kept the market for Hay steady at unchanged
quotations. Bran and Middlings were firm ai
the advance.
BRAN— SI 9 .T"ff2o per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S23Tt2.-| HO per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $2G@27 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $2* 50(^29 SO;
Jobbing, |30; Cocoanut Cake, $21 50#22 50; Cot
tonsoeu Meal, $2.Stj3o per ton: Cornmeal, $24;
Crnokf><l Corn, $24#25; Chopped Feed, $$.
HAT— 'Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat, 519©
23 60; Wheat and Oat. $1S 50fr22 50; Oa* *17 500
19 50: Barley, $17@19; compressed Wheat. $20®
23; compressed Oat. $16 60918 50; Alfalfa, 312© ,
14: stock, $12^13; Clover, $18014.
STRAW— 3. : j(Ji4Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Some changes In Seeds appear. Mustard is
firm at an advance. There is. nothing new In I
Beans.
BEANS— Bayos, 12 7502 90; Small Whites,
$1 460166; Large Whites, $140fil5r>: Plnkt",
$2 40*2 50; Reds, $2 25; Blackeye. $2 40£2 60:
Butters. $1 40r?jl 60; Limas, $2 10@2 20; Pea, $1 40
ill 55; Red Kidneys, |2®2 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Mustard, $2iy3 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $3f?3 15; Flax. $2 S3; Canary
Seed. 2\<Tt2\c per lb; Alfalfa. 3ig6c: Rape,
2M <:"■<••: Hemp, 2V»<cf3c: Timothy, a&oV*c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 eOffjl 85; Green, $175
@2 per ctl. _.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions are quoted rather firm,
but no higher. Vegetables are about the
same.
Mexican Tomatoes $2, and Los Angeles $1 25
per box.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 35(§45c: River Reds,
40@50c; River Burbanks. 50gC0c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 60Q85c; Petaluma Burbanks, 50
@60c; Sweet Potatoes, 75c(g$l for Merced; new
Potatoes. l#2e per lh.
ONlONS— Choice, $2 35if?2 65; . common, $1 75@
2 25 per ctl: cut Onions, 50c@$l 25 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 1018 boxes As
paragus, 661 boxes Rhubarb and 565 sacks Peas.
Asparagus. $2 for fancy, $1 25®1 75 per box
for No. 1, 75ci??$l for No. 2; Rhubarb, 35c@$l
per box; Alameda Green Peas, 2ig2'ic per.
Ib; Dried Peppers. 6<£7c per lb; Dried Okra.
12V4c; Cabbage, 65{i7. : ic per ctl; Carrots. 251160 c
per sack; Garlic, s(&s'ic per lb; Cucumber."!,
40c<H$l per dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced, raw, 12c per n> in lots of 25
lbs: sliced desiccated, 16@18c: granulated raw.
ltd Onions. 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, lSc;
Cabbage. 30c;. Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern came In. late in the
afternoon. There was little change in local
stock. ■ .■"- . . ', • . .
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 10@llc for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens; dressed Turkeys,
12@15c per lb; Geese, per pair, $1 2j@l 75; Gos
lings, $2 2602 75: Ducks, $4@5 for old and $6<gß
for young; Hens, $3 50©5; Roosters, young,
$7 Eo@B 50; Roosters, old, $4'?f4 50; Fryers, $6 50
®7; Broilers, $5 50©6 50 for large. $3@4 50 for
small; Pigeons, $175(32 per dozen for young
an 1 $1 25©1 50 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
The situation Is unchanged. Fancy creamery
1b weak, while fancy dairy is firm. Eggs are
the same. Cheese rules firm.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, lS#l9c; sec
onds, 16(fcfl7%c. .; ■•..■•'•■ ..;",•';.. :,:;-
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 16@lSc; second
grades. 14@16c per lb.
Eastern Butter— lmitation creamery, 16@16Vic;
ladle-packed. 15@16c per n>. ■ - ■
CHEESE— mild new, 9Q>loc; common
to good, 7' / i<f?SV4c; Cream Cheddar, 10(7?llc;
Young America, 10@llc; Western, ll@12c; East
ern. 12Vitl3i.sC per lb.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 14@15c per dozen; store
Eggs, 13@14c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
All descriptions were the same as previously
quoted, except Strawberries.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, per drawer for large and
75c@$l for small berries.
Apples, 40(ii50c ; per box for common, 75c@$l
for good to choice and $1 25©1 40 for fancy. .
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 250
2 25; Seedlings. 50c@$l: Tangerines, 35@40c to
small boxes; Lemons, 50@75c for common an*
$101 75 for good to choice; Mexican Lim**.
$i®4 50; California Limes, In small boxes, 4*9
BOB; Bananas, $1 25@2 per bunch; Pineapples,
$3@l per dozen. • ■ , - : -;>f>%;; i
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Pruneg, carload lots, 3%@
4Vic for 40-50'g, 3^4®3%c fi 60-60's, - 2%@3'4c
for 60-70's. 2Vi(i?2%c for 70-SO's, 1%@2',4c for 80
90's, 1%(3i1%c for 90-100" s; Peaches. 3@sc; fancy,
6Vi4r6c; peeled, 10@12V&c; Apricots. 6@6%c for
Royals S and l^c for good to fancy Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, 6%<i?7c; sun-dried,
4@sc: Black Figs, in sacks, 2@24c; Plums,
4Vi@4%c for pitted and l©l'*c for unpitted;
bleached Plums. si?sV4c;- Nectarines, : 4(g.5c for
prime to fancy; Pears, 2'i.'?f4 1 lor quarters
and 3@s^4c for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— I">i -'i2o for two-crown, 3c for three
crown, 3Vic for four-crown, 4Vic for Seedless
Sultanas. 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1®
1 10 for London layers; dried grapes, 2Vic.
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per
It); Walnuts, si2'6c for hardshell and 6@7c for
softshell; Almonds, 2Vs<s'3 1 /$ c for hardshell, s@6c
for softshell and 7@Bc for paper-shell; Peanuts,
4@sV4c ■ for ■ Eastern and 4)4c ' for California;
Pecans, 6^@Se; Filberts, 8H@10c: Brazil Nuts.
SJi9c per lb; Cocoanuts, $4 5065 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, B@loc for bright and 5@70
for lower grades; water- white extracted, 4^4®
Be; light amber extracted, 39i@4V4C per lb.
BEESWAX— per It).
PROVISIONS.
Continue to show a firmer tone at the old
quotations.
CURED >' ME ATS— Bacon, 9>4c per. Ib for
heavy, 9%0 for' light : medium, 10% c for light,
lie for extra light and 12',2C for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams,;.lo^(gllc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $3 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $10; Family Beef, $llfal2; Salt Pork,
$9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18; mess,
116- Smoked Beef, 11(§.12e per lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at 6H per lb
for compound and 7c for pure: palls, 7%c;
California tierces, ■ 5%c per lb for compound
and 6%c lor pure; half barrels, 6%c; 10-tb tins,
7V'< - : 5-tb tins, Be. • .-.
, COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6V&«f6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs — palls, 60 in a case, B%c;
3-Tb palls, 20 in a case, &%c; 6-H) palls, 12 in a
case, S%c; 10-It> pails, 6 In a case, 8'« c; 50-Tb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c: wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, "Tie; fancy tubs, SO lbs net, 7%0; half
barrels/about 110 lbs, 7>,4c per Ib.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 8c; light, 9c; Cowhides,
9c stags, fie: salted Kip. 9c; Calf, 10c; dry
Hides, 16<g'16Vic; culls and brands, IMlMo;
dry Kip and Veal, 16@16Vic; dry Calf, IMMOa;
culls, 16@17c, Goatskins, 30@37VsC each; Kids,
s®loc; Deerskins, eood summer, 25<ff30c per lb;
medium, 20c; winter. 10c; Sheepsklnß. shear
ings 2u@3oe each: short wool, 40@>"0c each;
medium, 70@90c; long wools, 90c@$l 30 each.
TALLCW— No. 1 rendered, 3sr3>;i<: per tb; Xo.
2 2!U2>«c; refined. 6c; Grease. 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San .Toaquin. defective. "Q
9c- Southern Mountain. 9<gllc; free Northern,
UttlSe; Northern, defective. Sfffllc per lb.
jjOPS — 1596 crop, 2*i fie for poor to fair and
BQICc for good; IS9" crop. 11-jfUc per lb.
BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The quotation of 4V4c for Hogs in yester
day's report was a typographical error. It
Bhould have read 4Hc. The market was weaker
yesterday.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— quality. 6%@7c; second quality,
s%<g 6c; third quality, 4@sc per lb. ■
VEAL— 6@6&c; small. 7@7^c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9c; Ewes, tUHc per lb.
LAMB— Spring, 10c per lb. .
PORK— Hogs. 3?4@3'fjc for large and 4o I
for medium; stock Hogs, 2*i«i3c; dressed Hogs, !
6%®6H0.  ...
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool j
Bags, nominal; San Quentin, $5 30.
Wellington, $10 per ton; New Welling- :
toil, $10; Seattle, $6 50; Br— nt, $6 50; Coos Bay,
$5 50; Wallsend, $7 50; Scotch, $10; Cumberland,
*10 in bulk and $11 50 in sacks; Pennsylvania
Anthracite Egg, $15; Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock
Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $<»;
Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered. 6V4c; Dry
Granulated, 5%c; Confectioners' A, 5%c; Mag
nolia 'A, f.'ic; Extra C, 5V»c: Golden C, sc;
Candy Granulated, 5%c; California A, 5%c per
lb; half barrels, &c more than barrels, and
boxes, **c more. ■:..■
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, April 6.
Flour, qr sks .. 5,098 1 Hay, tons 245
Barley, ctls 3,960 1 Wool, bales 1.661
Oats, ctls 450IEgKS, doz 19,110
Tallow, ctls 36 1 Pelts, bdls 212
Butter, ctls 427 1 Hides, no 787 '
Cheese, ctls 218 Quicksilver. f!sk. 45
Potatoes, sks ... 1,3»9 Paper, reams ... 352
Onions, sks IS Lime, bbls SI
Bran, sks 2i'O Leather, rolls ... 37 :
Middlings, sks .. 50 Wine, gals 51.900 i
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls 2,1 D0 | Oats, ctls S2O ■
Barley, ctls I.o7o 'Uran, sks 663 ;
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
.Savings and Loan Society to Kate Laird, lot
on W line of I,arkin street, 102:S»4 N of Jack
■on, N 25 by W 125; $"5400.
Francis Pearl to Margaret A. McDonald, (wife
of John), lot on N line of Fell street, 1»2:6 E of '
Buchanan, E 27:6 by N 120; also lot on N line
of Liberty street. 166 E of Castro, E 25 by N !
114; gift.
Susan M. Richardson to Alice R. Power, lot j
on E line of Folsom street, C 5 N of Twenty- i
fifth. N 25 by B 112:6; $10.
Hans S. Hald to Caroline E. T. Berntsen
'wife of C. G.). lot on W line of York street,
130 S of Twenty-fourth, S 20 by W 100; gift.
Walter I. and Mary E. Tobln and A. J. :
Berge to Elizabeth Merge (wife of A. J.), lot
on SW corner of Twenty-fourth and Guerrero j
streets, W9sby S 2 . ; $10.
San Francisco Mutual Loan and Building ;
Association to Louisa Jane Cannon, lot on N
line of Jersey street, 156:3 W of Diamond, W
25 by N 114; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getr to James L. and !
Lulu B. Wilson, lot on N line of California j
street, 52:6 E of Twenty-fourth avenue, E 25
by N 100; $10.
Samuel B. Caldwell to William M. Lacey, lot
1113. Gift Mai) 3; $10.
Etnilie Larsen to Hans Larsen. lots 15 and
16. block 13, Flint Tract, Homestead Associa
tion; $1500.
Hans and Emilie Larsen to William H.
1 Young, same; $1000.
William H. Young to Hans Larsen, same;
$1000.
Edward William Graham to Sarah Harris,
all property in San Francisco County; gift.
Alameda County.
Charles H. and Julia E. Walker to A. L.
Cunningham, lot on W line of Grove street,
27:6 S of Nineteenth, S 30 by W li«, block 256,
Oakland; $10.
Giovanni and Vita Centlnl to Mlchele Cen- !
tint, lot on N line of Fifth street, 75 W of i
Grove, W 37:6 by N 100, block 50, Oakland;
! $700.
Charles S. Weston to Patrick O' Bryan, lot
on E line of Halleck street, 100 S of Thirty- |
second or A, S 100 by E 133, being lot 6, block !
O, Lands Peralta Homestead Association, Oak- i
land: $10. •
Hugh M. and Abbie L. Cameron to Alice C. !
■ Donaldson; lot on W line of Park street. 125
| S of Frederick. S 25 by W 125, being lot 6,
! block A, Camden Twenty-third avenue Tract,
East Oakland; $522.
John R. Glascock to Giovanni and Matilda
! Gotelll, lots 15 to 18, 26 and 27, Glascock and
Blow Temescal Tract, Oakland Annex; $10.
F. K. and Rosa M. Shattuck to Charles T.
Johnson, lot on N line of Russell street, 154.65 '
W of Tremont, W 40, N 131.22, E 40, S to be
ginning, being lot 23, block 21, Shattuck
i Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Rebecca S. Mayo to Edward R. Harmes, lot ■
: on E line Mark street, 120 N of Kearney, N :
i 40 by E 135, block 1, Kearney Tract, Berkeley;
! $10.
Carlotta E. and Calvin L. Hooper to Blake
Company (a corporation), lot on W line of i
Hillegass street. 1. ,0 S of Russell, SSO by W \
IGO. lot 13, block B, Claremont Tract, Berke- j
ley; $10.
William F. and Albertina E. Lewis to Mary .
E. Carlton, lots 5 and 6, block E, amended map I
1 of Moss Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
John P. and Anna M. Hansen to Elwine Hib-
Bher, lot on S\V line of Vesta street, 170 NW
' of Nutley avenue, NW 75 by SW 108, lots 30.
31 and 32, map of subdivision of lots 12, 13. 29
and- 30, Klngsland Tract, Brooklyn Township;
i $10.
Antonio F. and Anna Fonseca to Francisco i
i de Mello Pine, all Interest in lot 13. block 3,
Haywards Park Homestead Union, Eden Town- j
ship; $10. •■. i : •; . ■ . ■
" L. C. Morehouse (executor of estate of Jason ,
A. Rose) to Benjamin Smith.- the 100 feet of
lots 9 and 10, ■ block A, Town of Pleasanton, i
■ Murray Township; $20. ' /:. -^■■' v. •
Gertrude R. Brlggs to Charles A. and Juda •
A. Briggs, lot on S line of Dwight way, 105 E •
of Tremont street, E 40 by S 129.65, portion of ;
plot 6S, .Rancho V. and D. PcraJta, Berkeley; I
$100.
John H. Grlßwold to Joseph and Mary Tape,
lot 23, block H, southern portion of Blake es-
t ate, Berkeley; $650. - - ;- '
Sarah M. Morken to Myron C. Turner, the '
' PE 25 feet of lot 8. block 770, Levy. Lane &
Sather Tract, Brooklyn Township, subject to ;
mortgage; 11.
Bert and Johanna Schleslnger to Alameda !
Building and Loan Association, lot on N line of
Clement avenue, 90 E of Willow street. E 30
: by N 130, block 15, lands adjacent to Encinal,
: Alameda: $10. ■ ■
Sarah M. Morken to Myron C. Turner, the W
half of lot 11 and all of lot 12 in E half of block
P, same, Alameda, subject to mortgage; $1.
John W. and ■ Mima E. Rew to Alameda
Building and Loan Association, lot on N Una
of Eagle avenue, 173 :0 l <- E of Park street, N
150 by E 25, block F, Alameda Station Home
stead Tract, Alameda: $10.
; John and Ada M. Hlnkel to Blake Company
(a corporation), lot on E line of Harper street,
175 N of Alason, N 40 by E 122:4, being a sub- |
division of block 10, Central Park tract, Berke
i ley; $10.
Cosmopolitan Mutual Building and Loan As
sociation to same, lot 10, block 1, The High
lands, being a resuodlvlsion of blocks 1, 2 and I
. 3, same; $10. • >■ • "
Charles J. Smith to F. A. Berlin, lots 4. 7 to
27. block 771, Levy tract, Brooklyn Township;
also lot on S corner of Twenty-fourth avenue !
and E Twentieth street, SE 150 by SW 105. i
block 'L, subdivision 60 Associates' Tract, East j
Oakland; $10.
Pacific Land Investment Company to Joseph |
JR. Nunez, lots 11 and 12, block IS2, Town of j
Newark, Washington Township; $10. •
Hugo and Elvera Steinmeyer to G. A. Gray- j
; son, subdivision A, B and C in lot 12, block 701,
Watts Tract, Map 2, Oakland: $10.
Mary W. and John C. Moody to Charles Bor
! drow and William E. Mighell, lot on N line of
j Cedar street, 89 E of Spruce, in 45:7 by N 120,
: block 8. Map of T. M. Antlsell's Villa lots. I
: Berkeley; $100. ________ —
Builders' Contracts.
Margaret A. Mcc (owner) with D. W. Ross
: (contractor), architect none. Brick and carpen
terwork, plumbing, plastering and painting for
' a 2-story frame building with rough basement
i (flats) on lot on NW line of Heron street, 145 j
I NE of Eighth, NE 20 by NW 69: $2000.
Hlrsch Bros, (owners) with Henry P. Con- i
1 rady (contractor), architect • none. All work j
; for a 2-story frame building and concrete base- j
'< ment on lot on W line of Stockton street. 100 i
; N of Vallejo, N 31 by W 65: $4500.
STUAMEAS TO SAIL.
STEAMBH. I DEBTtXATtOXI
Sails.
Arcatn. . . . . Coos Bar .". •
Samoa Humboldt ....
Homer....'. Humbolat....
Columbia.. Portland
San Bins... Panama.......
NortnForU ! Humboldt....
Cleveland . . ; Puffet Sound .
Santa Kosa San Die*O....
Wecott...... Hum bldt Bay
City Puebla Vie & Part. »saa
Coos BAT.. Newport......
Curacao.... Mexic0........
Peru Chlna&Japan.
Pomona.... SanDieeo....
State of Cal Portland ._....
Orizaba.. .. I Humboltlt —
Apr 7. 10 AM
Apr 7, 9AM
Apr ,s. 10 AM
Apr 8. 10 AM
Apr 8. 12 M
Apr 8, 9AV
Apr »
Apr w. 11 am
Apr 9, 9AM
Apr 11. 10 am
Apr 11. 9 am
Apr 12, 10 Ail
Apr 12. 1 pm
Apr 13, 11 am
JApr IX. 10 AM
!Apr 14. 10 am
Pier U
Pier 3
Pier y
Pl<»f -'I
PM S3
Pior 2
Pier 11
Pier IS
fler 9
Pier 11
Pier 11
PMSS
Pier U
Pier 24
Pier —
BUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United ■ States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
■ Times and • Heights of . High . and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— high and low waters occur at
! the • city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
~~~~~~~ APBIL-IS9B. ' ~~
" ~~ Thursday, April 7. t
Sun mes... •. .'......... .: 5:45
Sun sew.. »•..... ;... .B:3i
Moon rlees — *:''.' a.m.
HI Wi
oo
6:1-1
H W
0:12
6:o<
H W
GUB
66
b.ti
L I
8:1
9:i
10:
.1
:i
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the dny, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives th»
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height!
riven are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtract Ive from
. the depth given by the charts. The plane of
j lelerence la the mean of lbs lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO AIIKIVK.
Morgan City. . I New York :
Cleveland ...... (5eatt1e.. :'...;...... '. .
Orizaba...... Mexic0.......... ..
Washtenaw..... Taconia
Santa Rosa. .:.. j.<-an Dlos-o -
Wt«DU... Hutnboldt
City Puebia. . . Victoria and Pusret Sound
Empire • Coos bay..
Corona.. Seattle
Wellington \ Departure Bay."
City of Para.... ' Panama
Coos Bay ..... I Newport
State of Cai.... Poruana
Procreso Seattle
Chilkat. Seattle....:
Pomona Sin Diego •••••
Mackinaw Tacoma
Titania Nanaimo
Homer IHnmhoUlt
Walla Wa11a.... | Victoria and PugetSonnd
Arcata Coos Bay
Venus China and Japan..
North PorK Hum do id i . .-••
Coiumoiii Portiana ;••
Apr 7
Apr 7
Apr :
Apr 7
Apr 7
Apr 7
Apr 7
Apr H
Apr 8
Apr d
Apr H
Apr I
Apr 10
Apr 10
Apr 10
Apr 11
Apr 12
Apr li
Adi* 12
Apr 13
Apr 13
Apr 13
I Apr 13
I Apr IS
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydmcr.iphic Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, April
6, 189 S.
The time ball was not dropped to-day, owing
to a derangement in the apparatus.
j. t. McMillan.
Assistant, in charge.
SHIPPING IXTELLIOiENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, April 6.
D S Btnir Albatross, Moser, from a cruise.
Br stmr Mount Tabor, Jameson, 24 days form
Hakodate.
Stmr Washtenaw, Croscup. 84 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Alameda, Van Oterendorp, 24 days from
Sydney, via Honolulu 6 days and 11% hours.
Stmr Homer, Jesson. 2S hours from Eureka.
Hktn Archer, Calhoun 15 days from Hono
lulu.
Schr Nettle Low, Lew, 6 hours from Point
Reyes. .'.;-■■
. CLEARED. .
Wednesday. April 6.
Haw strr.r Zealandia, Dowdell. Honolulu; J
D Sprockets & Bros Co.
Stmr Bonita, Nlcolson, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins A Co.
Ship Invincible. Killman, Pyramid Harbor;
Alaska Packers' Assn.
Haw bark Andrew Welch, Honolulu; Welch
& Co.
Bktn George C Perkins, Maas, Kahului;
Alexander & Baldwin.
Schr Czarina, Schmalz, Unga; McCollum
Fishing and Trading- Co. .
SAILED.
Wednesday. April 6.
Haw stmr Zealandla, Dowdell, Honolulu. 1
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend. ■ ■
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, Grays Har
bor.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, Caspar.
fillip L J Morse, Salvesen. Chlgnlkßay.
Schr Thomas S Negus. Erratt, Cooks Inlet.
Schr Mary Bidwell. Schultze, Bristol Bay.
RETURNED.
Wednesday, April 6.
Schr Thomas S Negus, Erratt, from sea on
account of rough bar.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 6—lo p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, W; velocity, 14 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Planter and Transit load radse for Hon
olulu.
The Ben Voirllch and Nomia load wheat at
Portland for Europe, 32s 6d.
SPOKEN.
April 3— Lat 45 N, long 2G W, Br ship Duns
law, hence Nov 25, for Queenstown.
Jan 18— Lat 34 S. long 126 W, Dan bark Ir
vine, from Tacka, for Liverpool. il"- 1 .-.""
March 20— the equator, long 26 W, Br ship
Brenda. hence Dec 2, for Queenstjv/n.
March 19— Lat 10 N. long 26 W. Br ship Eu
pbTO«yre, from Swansea, for Port L'B An^e
i"eb 12-Lat 46 S, . long 45 W. Br ship Cure
Wrath, from Tacoma, for Quenstow.-^.
March 31— Lat 1 S, long 30 W, br ship Dun
; britton, from Oregon, for Llvorp >01.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— April Schr F
S Redfleld, from Port Los Angel .-a; schr Meteor
i from San Pedro. .
BOW JOIN'S LANDING — Arrived April 6—
Schr Monterey, hence April 5.
VENTURA— Saued April 6— Stmr Laguna,
for San Francisco.
! COOS BAT— Barbound April 6— Stmr Empire,
i for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— April 6— Stmr Valencia,
! hence April 3: stmr Navarre, rrom Dyea.
Sailed April 6— U S stmr Wheeling. .
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived April Schr Me
] teor, from San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived April Stmr >,avarro,
! ASTOlUA— Arrived April 6— Ger ship Alice,
I ASTORlA— Arrived April 6— Ger ship Alice,
' from Santa Rosalia: »-«er ship Ortrud, from
Santa Rosalia: stmr Albion, from Nanaimo;
schr General McPherson, from San Diego; schr
Maggie C Russ, hence March 28: schr Ante
lope, hence March 19. ' _
■ SAN PEDRO— Sailed April 6— Schr Chas E
i Falk, for : schr Penelope, for ,
I SOUTH BEND— Arrived April 6— Bark Aure
! Ola, hence March 23.
EASTERN PORTS.
! NEW YORK— Sailed April 6— Stmr Advance,
! for Colon. ■
FOREIGN POrT 3.
HONOLULU— Arrived March 30— Brig W G :
! Irwin, hence March 19. March 25— Schr W H
! Talbot, from Portland. March 26— stmr
1 Minwera.from Sydney. March 29— Br stm Cape
: Otway from Auckland,: bktn S G Wilder, hnc
I March 17; bark S Allen, hence March 19 ;•
I Haw stmr China, hence March 23. March 30—,
Br stmr Moana. hence March 23; stmr Ala
meda, from Sydney.
Sailed March Haw stmr Zealandia, for
! San Francisco; w-al stmr Jeanette, for cruise.
March 25— U S stmr Baltimore, for Yokohama.
j March 26— Br stmr Mlowera, for Victoria. 29—
Haw stmr Aztec, for San Francisco. March 30
l —Ship Henry B Hyde, for New York; schr-
Robert Searles, for San Francisco; bktn Kll
kltat. for Port Gamble; Br stmr Mcana, for.
Sydney; Haw stmr China, for Yokohama.
"KAHULUI— March Schr Albert
'. Meyer, from Honolulu; bktn Robert Sudden,
from Newcastle, NSW. March Brig Lur
llne, hence March 13.
Sailed March Schr Albert Meyer, for San
Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, N S W— Sailed Feb 15— Schr
Defiance, for Honolulu. Mar 16— Schr Oceania
Va nee, for Kureka. March 21— Arg bark Him
alaya, for Honolulu. March 24— Schr Metha
Nelson, for Kahului. March I— Br ship Pen
ryhn Castle, for San Francisco. March s— Schr
King Cyrus, lor Honolulu. March 6— Br bark
City of Adelaide, for San Francisco. March 12
—Ger ship Ferdinand Fischer, for San Diego.
March 13— Br ship Kahane. for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— SaiIed Feb IS— Br bark Ednyfed,
for San Francisco.
In port March 14— Bark Bis Kononza, for Ran
Francisco; Ger ship Theodor, for San Fran-
ENSENADA— SaiIe: April s— Stmr Orizaba,
for San Francisco.
LONDON— Arrived April s— Ger bark See
stern, from Victoria.
PANAMA— Arrived March IS -Stmr Barra
couta. from Champerico. March 23— Stmr City
of Panama, from Aoapuleo.
SWANSEA— Arrived April 2-Br ship Afon
Alaw, from Hull, for San Francisco.
WATERFORD— Arrived April 4— Br ship Red
Rock, hence Sept 13.
ANTWERP— Arrived April 4— Br bark Jrmt
esk, hence Nov 2; Br ship Montgomeryshire, he
Nov 29.
COLON— Arrived April s— Stmr Allian:a, f;n
New York.
HAVRE— Arrived April 4— Br bark Klnross
ehire. from Oregon. April s— Br ship Bandan
eira; Br bark Howard D Troop, from To coma.
HULL— Arrived April s— Br bark Oliveban*.
hence Oct 27.
FALMOTTTH— SaiIed April s— Br bark Norma
for Antwerp; Br bark InverKarry. for Hht».
FORT BLAKELEY — Arrival April fr- Schr
Excelsior, from Port Harford.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— In port March H— Br
ship Belford. for San Francis::); Br sMp
Drumblalr, for San Francisco: iir ship Kulo
mene, for San Francisco; Br bark Gladys, for
San Francisco; Br ship Grenada for San Diego;
Hf"- ship John Ena. for Pan Francisco; Br
ship Langdale. for San Francisco: Br ship
Luelnara. for San Francisco; Br bark Veritas,
for Honolulu.
Chartered to load at Newcastle, NSW— Bktn
Chas F Crocker, for Honolulu: schr Golden
Shore, for Honolulu: schr Lizzie Vance, for
Honolulu: Br bark Veritns, for Honolulu: Br
ship Grenada, for San Diego; Br ship Acamas,
for San Francisco; ship Ardeneraig, for San
Francisco; Br ship Aspice. for San Francisco;
Br ship Belford. for San Francisco; Arg bark
Bundaleer, for San Francisco; Br ship Celtic
Race .for San Francisco; bark Oolusa, for San
Francisco; Br shin Crown of India, for San
Francisco: Br ship Drumblair, for San Fran
cisco: Br ship Puchalhurn for San Francisco;
Br ship Dumfries-shire, for San Francisco:
bark Empire, for San Francisco; Br shin Eu
lomene, for San Francisco; Br ship Euphrates,
for San Francisco: Br ship Euterpe, for San
Francisco: Br ship Fannie Kerr, for San Fran
cisco; bark Francis Fisher, for San Francisco;
bark General Fairchild. for San Francisco; Br
Guisseppe, for San Francisco; Br bark Inver
neill, Br bark Inversnaid. for San Francisco;
Br bark Inverurie, for San Francisco; Haw
ship John Ena, for San Francisco: Pr bark
Lady Elizabeth, for San Francisco; Br ship
Langdale. for San Francisco: Arg bark Leon,
for San Francisco; Br ship Lucipara. for San
Francisco: Br ship May-field, for San Fran
cisco: bark Palmyra, for San Francisco; Br
ship Sprlngburn, for San Francisco; Br ship
Vincent, for San Francisco.
NOUMEA— Arrived Nov 6— Arg bark Bunda
leer. from Port Gamble.
HONOLULU— SaiIed March 30-Ger bark H
Hackfeld. for San Frnnclsco.
HlLO— Arrived March 17— Hark Annie John
son, hence March 3' schr Muriel, from Ta
coma. Mnrch *• — Schr Ottillie Fjord, from
Grays Harbor. March 19— Bark Chas B Kenny,
from Guayquil.
Sailed March 30— Haw bark Santiago, for San
Francisco.
SYDNEY— Arrived Feb 24— Schr Lizzie Vance
from Eureka. March 7— Bark Geo F Manson,
from Port Blakeley.
PORT ADELAIDE— Arrived March 6— Br brk
Kusciusko. from Puget Sound.
PORT PlßlK— Arrived March 11— Bark Co
lusa. from Chemalnus. March 9— Ship John C
Potter, from Seattle.
PORT ELIZABETH— » -rived April &— Bark
Harvester, from Port Gamble.
VANCOUVER— Arrived Anril 6— Er stmr Em
press of Japan, from Yokohama.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
MOVlLLE— Arrived April 6— Stmr Anchoria,
from New Yorfc.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived April 6— Stmr Ara
gonia, from New York; stmr Dorgo, from New
NEW YORK— Arrived April *-Btmr Karls
ruhe, for Bremen
1920
LEES SAYS
THE CORONER
Death of Videl Cer
vantez Should Be
Investigated.
Detectives Now Waiting
for the Officers of the
Morgue.
Judge Coffey Dissatisfied With
the Bondsmen ot the
Administrator.
THE HUSBAND'S AVARICE.
Tri«» to Got Hold of the Est»t© Before
Hi« Bride's D«»d Body Is
Cold.
The Coroner waited all yesterday for
some word from the Police Department
to begin Ar\ investigation into the
death of Mrs. Videl Cervantez, a Span
ish woman, who a week ago died un
der drcumstani es that her friends con-
Bider extremely suspicious. The wo
man was possessed of considerable
property and her body was hardly cold
when her husband of only a week be
gan to take possession of it all. The
body of the dead woman was rushed to
the grave and it was in the ground be
fore much more than twelve hours had
elapsed after death. No word, how
ever, reached the Coroner yesterday,
though three days before one of the
detectives detailed to investigate the
death of the woman had notified him
it would be necessary to have the body
of the woman exhunv?d and an analysis
of the stomach made to determine if
possible the presence of poison. The
Coroner, however, thought the police
would take some action to-day and no
tify him that there was reason to be
lieve a crime had been committed and
ask that the body be exhumed for the
purpose of an investigation.
Chief Lees last night said it was
clearly the province of the Coroner now ;
to take up the inquiry. '"It is his place
to act in such cases and not mine," !
Kaid the Chief. "The Call has given
him reason to believe that a crime has \
been committed and he should investi
gate it. I have do right to order him
to exhume the body. He should do that
un his own authority and if he should
find anything to warrant suspicions
that a crime has been done, then I shall
continue the Investigation."
The Probate Court took a hand in the
Investigation yesterday. The last clod
had hardly been turned on the newly
made grave of the dead wife wnen the j
husband applied for papers for ,-pecial
administration of the estate of the de
ceased. Upon his appointment, his
attorney, Alexander Campbell, procured j
two bondsmen, who qualified in the sum i
Of (2000 >;ic.h. They were accepted, but
when the Judge read the article in The
Call of yesterday, giving the reasons |
of the friends of the dead woman for
believing that the deceased had met
death foully he instituted inquiries re
garding the bondsmen. Both were be
fore the court yesterday. They were
Thomas King and Philip Reichert. The.
Judge had made Borne inquiries as to !
their property qualifications, and in re- '■
ply to questions Reichert said he had
property on Folsom worth $2000. lie
looked dazed when the court informed
him that his property was assessed for
only (1100 and that it was mortgaged !
for (1600. He admitted that it was tho
truth and In reply to further questions
lie said he was not a citizen of the
United States and that he was a: tho !
present time out of employment.
King gazed at tho floor in a stupid
manner, when the court told him that
his property on which he had qualified
as a bondsman was assessed at only
$7r>o, and he appeared very uneasy
when the court forced an admission •
from him that he had been paid $o for :
going on the bond.
It was shown to the court that the
dead woman had left property on
Pinckney alley that produced a revenue
of $10 a night, besides she had at the
time of her death $90G in coin and $500
worth of jewelry.
"I will set aside the former bond,"
Bald the Judge, "and raise the figure
to $6000. I will, however, not accept !
King and Reichert as bondsmen."
Detective Anthony has been working ■
on the case for several days, and he
cays the circumstances surrounding the j
death <>f the woman are at the least i
very suspicious. He is anxious to have
the body exhumed and an analysis of
the contents <>f the stomach made, as '
In his opinion poison was the means ;
used in producing her death.
Chief Lees yesterday declared h<*
knew nothing about the case and said
none of his detectives were working on ;
It as far as he knew. Some of the
Mends of the dead woman, however,
Btate that they have h*»ld consultations :
with the veteran Chief of Police In re
gard to the death of the woman on sev- j
eral occa.sions, and that the Chief Is \
well informed a.s to all the circum- !
stances surrounding the case.
Florentine Cervantez. the husband of
the dead woman, says that three
months ago he met his wife and on
Mar«-h 21 they were married by Judge'
Kerrigan. lie said: "I knew my wife \
was a sufferer from asthma. From the |
day of our marriage she suffered from
the disease until her death. On the day
before she died she asked me to get her i
some medicine. She said she wanted !
a patented article— a cherry prctoral. I
got the medicine for her. That was on
the night before she died."
It was not more than twelve hours
after the medicine was procured that '
the woman was dead. The bottle of,
pectoral had been emptied in that time. I
The medicine is known to contain large i
quantities of opium and the directions
that accompany the bottle caution the
users to be careful about overdosing, j
The maximum dose is given as fifty i
drops, but a woman who assisted in I
nursing the sl^k woman admits of hay- j
Ing administered as much as two nun- >
drf-d drops at one time. The opium ad- i
ministered in that way might have
caused death. The husband, however, :
claims that the woman was conscious :
Up to the time of her death and if that
ll so some other reason must be looked '
for.
Alexander Campbell Jr., who up to
yesterday was the attorney for Cer-
Kantes, .said:
"Cervantes has been my client since
the 21st of February. He was a part- !
ncr in the Pan Francisco Novelty Com- !
pany at 218 Montgomery avenue. Be- \
coming dissatisfied with the way the ;
b'uslness was being conducted became!
to me and I advised bringing suit lo
establish his rights. Within five days !
a satisfactory agreement wan conclud-
M between his partner and himself, by j
which he was to get one-fifth of the [
A BRIDE OF THE SEA.
Without a Mishap the St. Paul Slips From Land
Into Her Native Element.
THE St. Paul's was a most success
ful launching, so every one said, and
there was a good many people at the
Union Iron Works yesterday morning
to say it. She took her first plunge as
if she knew she was destined for the
sea, and although she hesitated a mo
ment before she started on her flying
trip down the greasy ways, once she
moved there was no trouble. She
slipped into the bay as easily and as
noiselessly as a gust of wind, and so
infatuated was she with her new
found liberty she went out to the end
of her checking line and snapping that
like a piece of cord she floated on to
ward the mud banks beyond until her
anchor was let go.
The launch was set for 11 o'clock, and
it came off promptly, but before that
time It was very evidont that some
thing was in the wind, for the slip
where she lay was full of busy work
men and the sound of heavy hammers
was on every side. Up to the last mo
ment she rested on heavy shores and
keel blocks, which In turn lay on the
solid foundation of the slip. F"or an,
hour before the launch the men were
knocking these away so as to let the
vessel settle down on the launching
cradle, and by the time set they had
all been moved but two big ones under
the bow. These were allowed to re
rc»*iiptß. He did not visit my office
until the latter part of March, when he
complained that he was not being fair
ly treated under the prjjtnt arrange
ment, and wanted something done. Af
ter consulting with his partner it was
arranged that he was to receive $25 a
week for his services. Cervantes is one
i of the finest fancy leather workers in
the State and his services have always
! been in demand; that is why a settle
ment was so easily brought about.
"Two days Inter he called at my res
| Jdence on Greenwich street. I was at
! dinner and told him to return at 7 if he
I wanted to consult me. Promptly at
that hour he called again and told me
that he wanted to get married imme
, diately, and wanted to know whether
;it could be done that night. Cervantes
surprised me by telling me that his
i bride was to be Vidal Messa. I con
; gratulated him on winning the lady, be
; cause I knew of many who had tried
to win her regard, but failed. We got
the license and then went to Mrs.
: Messa'a rooms at 636 Vallejo street.
We found the bride to be in a frisky
| mood despite her age and condition.
I No one would ever have accused her of
! being handsome. She had been a suf
i fere from asthma for many years. She
I seemed to be infatuated with her mi
i tended husband and spoke to him in
! the most endearing manner. She was
' dressed as was fitting the occasion.
i Diamonds glittered from her lingers,
I wrists and neck, and withal she made
a remarkable appearance. The bride
i thought that the occasion Fhould be
i properly celebrated and she sent clown
the street for three bottles of cham
: pagne and the health of the couple was
i toasted. As the Judge and I walked
[ down the sireet 1 remarked to him that
he had forgotten something, and on his
asking what it was. T told him he neg
i lected to kiss the bride. As we Mere
I a distance from the house we agreed
! not to return and repair the omission.
"On the afternoon of her death I
| "ailed at the place where Cervantes was
, employed, and was surprised to learn
■ that his wife was dead and that he
was at the house. Thm v.as the first
T knew of her passing away. The next
day he called at my oflire and consulted
ime about the business his wife was
i running and I told him he had better
| get out special letters of administra
! tion, as the women from whom she re
tcelved a nightly rent would ignore his
THK SAJS" FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AFKIL 7, 1898.
main so the ship would not take things
into her own hands too soon, and when
everything was ready these, too, were
knocked away and the dog shores
alone remained.
These peculiarly named devices are
what frees the ship so she can take to
the water, and it is only when these
are knocked away that she can start.
The lower ways are covered with
grease; the sliding ways rest on these
and the ship is cradled on the sliding
ways. Up near the bow there is a
heavy beam bolted to the side of the
sliding way, and a similar beam is
bolted to the lower way, both laid par
allel to the sliding surfaces and their
ends about three feet apart; between
these two ends a loose beam is placed,
and it is supported from falling by a
loose upright reaching up from one of
the blocks. The sliding way cannot
move until this loose beam falls, which
happens just as soon as the upright is
knocked away.
A platform had been built around the
bow of the St. Paul and at the hour of
launching the officers of the Alaska
Commercial Company, their friends
and little Miss Louise Bertha Sloss,
who was to do the christening,
took their places upon it. A man was
at each dog shore, a bottle of cham
pagne hung down from a blue ribbon
fixed at the bow, and everything was
ready. "All right," sung out Mr. Dickie,
the foreman.
There was a crash of axes as the dog
shores fell; the bottle at the bow
claims. We appeared before Judge
Coffey and upon his qualifying he was
.appointed to the office. The next day
we went to the safe deposit and I think
his jaw dropped many inches when he
viewed the contents of the safe. He cer
tainly expected to find many thousands
of dollars there, but was sadly disap
pointed to find only $906 in gold and
some jewelry worth about $500.
"Although Cervantes was worth soms
money I cannot imagine why he mar
ried Vidal unless it was for gain. Sh«
had none of those charms that would
lead a man to love her. In fact, sha
was repulsive. She was not reflne<l,
but was extremely ugly, and certainly
below his grade of intelligence.
Phil Gamma Delta Fraternity.
Alumni members of the well known col
lege fraternity. Phi Gamma Delta, will
give their annual banquet to the active
chapters upon this coast next Saturday
evening. There are many prominent men
In this club in and around San Fran
cisco and a largo delegation is expected
at the dinner. The toast master for the
evening v/ill be W. H. Hammon of the
local branch of the United States Weath
er Bureau, and toasts will bo answered by
the fraternity members from Yale, Col
umbia, Cornell anrl other chapters. Phi
Gamma Delta occupies a prominent and
enviable position at tho University of
California, and has one of the handsomest
Chapter houses about the college. Her
men are prominent in college life, and to
be a "Fiji," as the men are termed by
the college world, is one of the honors of
university life across the bay.
The Order Has Been "Recalled.
Tho Board of Supervisors at the request
of the merchants on the south side of
Market street have rescinded the order
which they recently issued for the re
numbering of that section of the street
This was done at the strong protest of
all the merchants.
Passover Services.
Passover services will be held at the
Rush street Synagogue this morning at
10 o'clock. Rabbi Meyer's sermon will
b<> of considerable interest. His subject
will be "Israel's Message to Jew and
Gentile." A special musical programme
has been arranged by Cantor Meyerson
The facsimile //^^r-T- li «k every wrapper
wgnature of VA^VZ7^^^ : of CASTQBIA.
popped and threw Its foaming con
tents over the vessel's side, and then
there was a silence which could almost
have been felt. She did not know she
was free, and the ship hesitated, but
not for long. Slowly she started as if
feeling her way, and then gathering
confidence she sprang forward into the
water, throwing a long curling wave
before her as she went, but without
making a sound; and it was only when
a bustling tug that could wait no
longer whistled shrilly that the spell
was broken. Then every one applaud
ed and some cheered as the breeze blew
out the ensign at the stern and the red
flag bearing the initials of the company
at the bow.
The St. Paul was built for the Alaska
Commercial Company and will be
placed on th" route between this port
and St. Michael, at which point s?ie
will connect with the fleet of stern
wheel steamers that run up the Yukon
to Dawson City.
The keel of the new craft was laid
January 23. The work of placing her
machinery, boilera and other appli
ances is to be finished In Way, and she
will leave on her. maiden voyage about
June 5.
The St. Paul Is 292.6 feet in length,
has a breadth of 38 feet, a depth of
hold of 38 feet and is 2200 tons register.
She will have a speed of thirteen knots
and an indicated horsepower of 1800.
She has accommodations for 257 cabin
and 300 second-class passengers.
Captain Hayes, late of the Bertha,
will be In command of her.
IS ALREADY AN
ASSURED SUCCESS
Masonic Festival Committees
Make the Most Encouraging
Reports.
Oreat Enthusiasm Manifested Among
tha Interior Lodges of tho
Stata.
The Masonic Festival, to be held in this
city in the near future, Is already an as
sured Buccesß. The Masonic pride of tho
State has boon aroused to a high pitch,
and from every section of California
where the influence of the Masons is felt
and from all the interior lodges come the
most encouraging reports. The six day
festival will be a unique event in tho
history of the city as well as of the State.
Such was the substance of the state
ment made by Chairman Patton at tho
Masonic Teniine yesterday at the con
clusion of the reports from the various
committees. Llppman Sachs, chairman
of the committee on cash donations, re
ports already enough money on hand to
make a fine showing, while cash dona
tions have been reported to him from
various banking institutions by John D.
Sprockols. Timothy Hopkins and Edward
"W. Newhall.
The retail merchants are being looked
axtec by P. c. Hale, Adolph Roos and
Mr. Kohlherg. The necessary confections
for all the ice cream needed have been
secured by C. YV. Taber, who also reports
that Bern holm & Blum will .freeze tho
ice cream free of charge. C. L. P. Mar
ais, of the entertainment committee, de
clares that ho will have the greatest dis
play of talent that has ever been seen
or heard In the city, and that no one
will co away unsatisfied with the show
that hi.s committee will furnish. The
most encouraging reports come from tho
committee on hall and decorations, tho
committee on military and the commit
tee on publicity and promotion.
Mrs. \V. Frank Pierce, chairman of the
committee on booths, reports that the
booths will resemble creations of fairy
land in their beauty. Mrs. Dr. Edna R.
Field Is also prominently identified with
this part of the work. Mrs. Augusta A.
Wilson, of Unity Chaptot, is having
painted for the winter carnival booth
some very beautiful scenes, while the
success of the Scottish Rite booth is in
the able hands of Mrs. Thomas H. Cas
well. At her booth will be sold 5000
glasses with the Scottish Rite emblems
upon them.
Judge Carroll Cook, master of Excelsior
Lodge, is assisting in the success of the
patriotic booth, which is under the direc
tion of the ladies of the masters of hh»
lodge. There will be a collection of
precious stones gotten together for the
festival by Judge Belcher.
Mr. Rosener reports many merchandise
donations, H. Bohls & Co. will give all
the White Navy smoking tobacco that
can be sold at retail at the festival
There will be a kitchen fitted up by W
W. Montague.
Inspector General W. Frank Pierce will
leave San Francisco for a week's visit
among the lodges of the interior for the
purpose of stirring up to even a higher
pitch the already boiling enthusiasm
SHE SUES FOR A DIVORCE.
Mrs. Lydia Trumbo Charges Her
Husband With Non-Support
and Neglect.
Mrs. Lydia Emma Trr.mbo of Halt Lake
City, the wife of Colonel Isaac Trumbo of
San Francisco, instituted on Tuesday in
the former city a suit for divorce from
her husband on the ground of non-sup
port. The couple were ma.ried October
14, ISSG, and the plaintiff alleges that since
last August Colonel Trombo has neg
lected her and failed to support her ac
cording to his station in life. Mrs. Trum
bo claims to have no means of support,
and has been forced to make her home
with her parents in Salt Lake City.
The plaintiff also alleges that colonel
Trumbo Informed her some months ago
that under no circumstances would he
live with her a^uin, and she prays for
absolute divorce and a temporary divorce
pending a final adjudication of the Col
onel's estate, which it is alleged amounts
to $135,000. Juiljje Legrand Young of Salt
Lake City has been retained by Colonel
Trumbo to represent him in the" proceed
ings. Notice of the suit has not yet been
served upon the defendant, who declares
that he will permit the divorce to be
granted by default. Colonel Trumbo says
that his wife never wanted for anything
while she lived with him.
Unable to Pay Their Debts.
John C. Johnson, a liquor-dealer, has
failed for $3033 IS. No assets.
William H. M. Smallman, a salesman,
has failed for $4683 33. He owes $3000 to
the Fidelity Building and Loan Associa
tion, but the Indebtedness is fully covered
by a mortgage on a piece of property on
Devisadero street, near MaJght.
Unlawfully Held the Molds.
Walter Hall commenced suit yester
day against J. D. Johnson and Frank M.
Prindle to recover $2500 damages for the
alleged unlawful detention of the molds
and designs of Hall's economic soap
holder.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
I *^b_^ Steamers leave Broadway
tifMslaJSk. wharf, San Francisco:
*f&3fw4vsHlk or Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.
; iJkEw«s\*?l Alril '• 6 - >'• 16 - 21 - 26 ' Ma y 1
\%vJ3&& jjffil transfer at Seattle.
'iiSJSlirfg^ai '' or Alaskan ports (from
r^**B^SSjA Spear street wharf), 10 a. m.,
April 8, IS, 23, May 3, transfer
*** at Portland, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
i send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and
1 New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m., April 1, 6, !
11, 16, 21, 26, May 1, and every llfth Jay there-
' after, connecting at Seattle with this com- ;
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ky., at h
Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver with ;
i C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m.,
April 2, 8. 14, 20, 26, May 2, and every sixth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Lula Obispo), '
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. April 3. 7, 11, 15. 19, 23. 27,
May 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, ■ stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m., April 1, 5, 9, 13, 17. 21, 25, 29, May 3, and
, every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
1 Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa- !
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. April 12.
and 'id of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery street
(Palace Hotel).
GOODALL;- PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,
10 Market street, San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLA3STD
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE 12 First Class Including Berth
I Hilt $S Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Apr. 3, 13. 23, May 3
Columbia Apr. 8, 18. 28. May 8
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all i
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
K. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
fMMfkMtfl S. S. ZEALANDIA.
i3Sjlsli£ tw HONOLULU only.
wrnaiiw Wednesday, April 6,
y™_ «. 2p. m. Special party
diy^ I • > rates.
«\lfiiHNllD<i) Tne s.s.alameda
CylUllllJlliy sails via Honolulu and
tfoHlffflr/tt* Auckland for Sydney
\villpyi(.'£j Wednesday. April 20,
at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.,
114 Montgomery street. '
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North »-Cfir
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <l£Cw|> :
by this line avoid both transit by ■*3"t< x *s&*
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, $160; :
second class. IG.
LA NORMANDIE April 16, 10 a. m. I
LA GASCOGNE April 23, 10 a. m. i
LA CHAMPAGNE ....April 30, 10 a. m. I
I LA BOURGOGNE ......May 7. 10 a, m.
i LA TOURAINE .....May 14, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent,
No. 3, Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUOAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avo., San Francisco.
I DIRECT TO PARIS. LONDON. HAMBURG).
f. Bismarck. ...April 2S A. Victoria .L...May 28
Columbia .......May. 12 F. Bismarck.... June 2
Nnrmrinnia .....M<iv 19 Columbia . ....... Juno 9
Ist Cabin $100 up, 2d Cabin $45 up, Steerace $30.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE,
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
Pretoria April 16 Pennsylvania... May H
Patrla ..... — April 23 Palatla ... May 21 '
. Phoenicia .......Mav 7 Pretoria.. ..May 2S !
I Ist Cabin $75 up, 2d Cabin $40, Steerage $26. •
Hamburg-American Line, 37 Broadway N.- Y i
■ HERZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast.'
401 California St., cor. Sansome. San Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leaye Pier No. 3. Washlncton St., at 0
p. m. daily.
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO S: JO P. U.
Accommodations reserved by telephone. ■•
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
ing through freight rates to all points on tn«
Valley Railroad.
STEAMERS:
T. C. WALKER, CITY OF STOCKTON.
MARY GARP.ATT, J.D.PETERS.
. Telephone Main 805. Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer ticello"
I linn., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and 5at.......
: • 9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. <S:3O p. m. ex. Thurs )
; Fridays .....1 p. m. and 3:30 p. m
Sundays .:........ 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
i Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier 2
Telejhone. Red 2241.
| _
FOR SAN JOSE. LOS6ATOS and SANTA rrU2
; Steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 dai:'y ; (Sunday*
♦xcepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso ' daily ■■ (Saturdays
I fxcepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
i Fare between ■ San Francisco and Alviso. « 50c: i
j to San Jose, 75c. < Clay «<raat Pier L 41 NorU
1 Vint street. San Joa* 1
ADVERTISEMENTS. _
f^/k^^s TJie Watchdog For The Klondike.
Jr J%0Z$l&l; It bites when it barks. It will pro-
i^^^^^^fM tect your claim and supply you with
food. Send name and address on a
S^^£s(^^4* k postal card for 148-page illustrated |
l^^^^^mX ) Winchester Repeating Arms Co., . l
i^^^^^-^W/J 4IS4 lS Market St., San Francisco, Ca!, JffsM
For the explorer, the surveyor, the hunter?
miner, the lumberman, the sportsman or tourist,
Ripans Tabules are the one medicine that is con-
venient, always ready, portable, protected from
accident of wind or wave, or climatic changes, and
in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred they fully
answer all requirements. Ripans Tabules will not
cure a cut made with an axe or a gun shot wound,
but in most cases the sufferer will be benefited by
swallowing one.
IfflSMBlP?*"" . .' . - . ... ... .
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISGU and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon ■ Ferry, Fo»t of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFABL.
WEEK DATS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: U:O.
*:SO, 6:10, 6:80 p. m. Thursdays— Extra v".»
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— ii^xtra trip* at 1:M
and 11:30 p. in.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:10, 11:09 «, m ; V.M. i.M.
1:00. 6:20 p. m.
B AN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.%
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
Bt 1:55 and 6:25 p. m.
eUNDAYS-8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:«, I:4*.
1:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Bcbuetsea Parti
tame schedule as above.
Leave I ,_ „«•<»». ~ Arrive
San Francisco. OWL 21 fan Fran< 5 l
— Week I Sun- nint I ; nation Sun " I -Wee* ■ !
Week Sun- noßtiTvitirm pun " i Wne ' 5
Days. I days. Destination day 9 | dayj^
7:Soa.m. B:ooa.m.] -Novato, 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
8:30 p.m. 19 :a0».m. I Petalnms, . I C:lop.m. '10:25 a.m.
t>.- 10p.m. 5:00 p.m.' Santa Ilos.-i. ! :35p.m. ' ti:«p.m.
Pulton.
7 30a.m. Windsor. 10:25 a.m.
Eealdsburg,
■ l.vtton.
Geyservilia,
7:S()p.m. S:ona.m. Clov^rdal". 7:Rsr«.m. >:■??->->
. : j | Hopland and! ~~~
7:3or».mJ^-00a.m. ! Utciati. | 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
'. bo;; m. ~\ • 1 10:25 a.m.
• 3:00 a.m. Guernevllle. 7:35 p.m.
B.Sop.m. 8:22 p.m.
', : :80a.m. s:oUa.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. S:4Ua.m.
ana
6:10r.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7:S(la.m. '8:00 a.m. 1 cebaatonoL |10:*0a.m.]10:25a.m.
a:aop.m. |5 :00p.m.| fe<-°aatcpoL i 7:asp.m.| 7:22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Fprings: at Geyserviile for Ekagg9 Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hopland foe
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Soda Bay.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at UkJah for
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes,
Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake, Porno. Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrln Heights, HullvlUe, Boonvllla.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort
Bragg. Westport. Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at **•
'on Sundays round-trip tickets to all point* i
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— «so Market street. Chronlela
* AI<SWFOSTER.A 1<5 W FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Prea. and Gen. Mnr.igar. Gen. Pass. Aft.
i it ■ n in ■■ ■■ ■»■ irjl^ri f* I W TT"C\ T\ MTV i
p.TwtjfeweM*«i^^Ti nww it g;q i [ ii I (- 1 J 1 1( i\ I 4
HMS^^ sanfrTncisgo
i.i.iii lillilil I «m»l ■■mm— <£ Oil I U A l} U ■
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawlntr-Ucom Sleepers.
3V4 days to , Chicago. 4V£ days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves dally at 4:30 p. m.. carrying l'ullmaii
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. Direct conneo* .n In Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. Pan Francisco ticket office.- 0.1 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main
1520. - Oakland ■ office. 1118 Broadway. Sacra-
mento of rice, . 201 J street. .- San Jose. 7 West
Santa Clara street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST. RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San : Francisco. Commencing September
■■•;•• 1!». 1597.
. WEKK DATS. :
For -Mill Valley and San Rafael— »7:2s. •»:».
11:30 a. m. ;.*1:45. -3:45, »6:15. 6:00. 6:.T0 p. m. i
Extra trips for Ban Rafael on Monday*. !
Wednesdays and Saturdays. at 11:30 i>. m.
■ . •■ SUNDAYS. ■:
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— ♦B:oo. »l».«i :
•11:30 a. m. : *1:15. 3:00, "4:30. 6:15 p. m. ,
Trains marked * run to San Quentin. -
■•■'?:■. .THROUGH TRAINS.
1:16 a. m. week days for Cazadcro and way sta- •
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) tot ;
'; Duncan Mills and way ' Stations; 8:00 a. m.
Bundaya for Point Reyea and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAI? SCENIC RAILWAY.
! ' •''.'; (Via Sausalito ; Ferry). .-- '
Leave San Kranclsco, commencing Novsro-
tier 13. 1897: • : • .• • :
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m. •
Sundays— 10:00, 11:30 a.' m.. 1:15 p. m.
; Round trip from Mill Valley. $1.
THOO. COOK * 80 -' A»«nta. til NvkH
•tr»«L - San Francisco. ■'''.'
BATT.ROAT) T2JAVEL,
•OVTIIKnN PACIFIC COUPAKT.
ll'Al'lKlO SYKTEM.)
Trnlna IfHve null nr« <Imi- to urrlT* .*•
SAN FltAN4:i.N<:<>.
- (Main Line. Foot cf Market Street) V-
utAVE — From January 1. 1398. — arbtts
~*6:60a Nilcs, San Joso and Way Stations... . •B:4."Sa
7:OOa lii-nicii, Suisun "ti«l . Sacramento. . lO:4. r
7:O«a Marygville, Orovilleaud Ueddiug Tla .
Woodland ■ O:4!ip
7:00 a Vac.-.villo nnd Ruasey 8:40p
7:»oa Martinez, Sauliiuson.Vallejo. Napa.
< 'alißtogn and Santa Rosa brl.Tip
SiOOa Atlantic Express, Ogilcn rind Kast.. S:l.ip
h>ai»A Jsilt-s, San Jose, Stock lone,
Sacramento, 3lary»villo, Chico^
Tehama and 110.l ISiulT *slHr
•»:3Oa Petard, Milton and Oakdalo I'.ltir
»iOOa New: Orleans K»yre«B, Merced, Ray-
mond, I'resu.i, I'.akersiJeld. Santa
'. Itiwliiira, l.os Angeles, Iteming,
Xl i'r.Ho, Wew Orleans and East. Oi43p
9:OOa Vallejo, Martinez, Merced and
. Fresno. ' !*ti3p
•l:O0r Sacramento Itivcr Btonmeri *S»:OOp
1 :«Or Nilcs. San Jcso m.d Way Stations. . J»i 1 3 A
I::tOr Martinez Way Stations 7:4Sp
S:OOp liven&oro, JU-uilota, Hanford &nd
Vi-:ali.i 4:18?
Lircr.viorc, Ban Jose, Nile.* tail Way
Stations... {10:19
4>OOr Martinet, Han Uaincn, Vallejo,
N.iju, (,'allatoga, ; El Veriiio and
Kirn t r.osa VIIPA
4:«B>p Besicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landlnc, Maryßvtlle, Oro-
vlilo mill f-nciiUiiento 19:494
4iSop Niks, San Joso, Tracy and Stockton .. 7ils*
4:BOp tathiop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
Fresno, A; jive (for Kandaburg),
.Santa llarbara&nd Los Angeles.. 7:43 a.
4i*»p Hanta i'<> Ucute, Atlantic l.xiiress
for Mojavo i,.l Raat «:43p
•E3:SOp " Suva..'. Limited." Los Aiigclm, El
Paso, Fort Worth, Little ll:ick. St.
Louis, Chicago and East §10313*
VSiSUp " Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso,
New Orleans aad East {10:13 a
OiOOr European Mail. Og.len and Kuet.... »:43\
CtOOr Hii>ni.i.l« Nilcs ami Han .logo 7:43 a.
t»iO«i-V»lleJo t7:45p
6>Ott?Oreftoii iixnregg, .Sacramento, Merj'S-
villo, KmliliiiK, Portland, l'uget
Sound and Kant Bil3a
SAN LEAMIUO AMI HAVWAKUfJ LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
<»CiOOa "I 7 7li3A
S:OOa i Melrose, Seminary Park, i«0:4.1a
iS.'oSa Fltchburg, Elmhcrst, JViig*
tll:OOA San Lean dro, South Ba* I2i*&r
.?. ! °.°. Lean B ro,4tHdillo, {1%%
i3:oop Loreuzo, Cherry, -I t4:4.">p
4:00p • . (3:43p
3:00p acd | 6:13p
0:30p ll«yrf*rds. 7«-»3r
■?:lM)p ' •»:.».;.:.
S ! S« ? < through to Nilea. ' .5 :43p
9:COp I ; F rom Kilos lO:5Op
ttiiiisp; • iTomj - NUCS - [ ttl2 ,Qop
COAST DIVISION (Nnrrovr (iimgo).
(Foot of Market Street.)
. SciAa NcvTav!t,(Jentervillc,Kuii.lo«e,Feltoii,
. - Uoulder Creek, Str.taOruzand Way
5tati0n5......... ••■•■
•Bilsp Newark, Centerfille, San Jose, New
Alinadcn, Felton, Honlder Creek.
Santa "Cruz and rrinci|«l Way
Stations...... #I * I s£*
4tinr Newark, Sim Joso and Los Gatos ... »:30a
' flli43r Hunters'. fixenrsion, Sao Jose and *
Way Stations . |7:gO?
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fr»mS»;> raiNCISCO-root of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15. ' 9:00 . 11 :00 A.M. J1:33 *2:00 (3:01
•4:CO : '". J5:00 '6:00 p.m. .
fr»m CitUtiD— root or Broad mj.- "C:00 - 8:00 10:00 A.M.
t12:03-. *l:03 t2:03 *3:03 ti=o3 *5:00 p.M.
" COAST 111 VISION (Broad Gauge). ■ "
(Third and Townsend Sts.) . .
6t55A Han Joao ami Way BkatfoM (New ~~
Alnndrn Wedneidajs «mlj). ...... . •i(tS*
O:O»4 Han los.;, Tics HuOS, Sunt:i «'rur, ,
I'acilic (irovo, I'iiai UuMfs, San
Luis ()l)ißi>«. liiinlului'i', cm.' and
Principal Wny Htntimjs 4il9r
IV:4Oa San «>aae ami Way Stations *S:OOa
• I:::Oa Bun Jnse anil Way stations 8:33 a
■liHr San Jlatpo, Hedwood, llrulo Park,.
Santa Clara, Sun Joso, Gilroy, '
Kollister, B»nfa Cruz. Salinas,
Montcrry nnd Pacific <!rove ...... "10:40*
•8:15p Ban .lose and Principal Wiiy Stations *!I:OOa
•■IMSi- Sa»JaMatiil Principal V.'ay Stations 0:15*
•s:<»Or San Joso and Principal Way titationi . l::>Op
3:301- Jose and Principal Way .Stations '. 3:: tOp
8::t0r San Jose and Way Stations / 7:iiOp
1II:-I5|* San Joso and Way SUttions.. ■ 7:UOp
A for Morning. V for Afteruooa. . "
•Bundnvseteepted. { Sundays only, i Kathrdays only,
t? Monday, Thnr«iiay and Saturday ulzhti onljr.
% Mondays and Thursdays.
_ I Wednesdays and Saturdays. _
THE SAN FRANCISCO. AND SAN JOAQUiN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 1597, trains will run as
Scnthbo«nd.~~"|~ ,'" Northbound. ~
r " B;aB ;a - Mixed ' s Uon . Mixed Vas^e*
per Sunday .Stations. Sumla cc?*
Daily toey& - _ S^% D^f r
'i :50 a.m. '.1:00 a.m. Stookton 3:45 p.m. SMO n~^T
li:loa.m. i-':.<! p.m ,'f,o>'l g S S2t
:ii:<oa.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno J::M:i.ni. 2-5) rum
31:40 a.m. 6:20 p.m. UaufotM Ah n.m 1-15 aS
Ji:lj p.m .:45 p.m. Vlßatia b-.m a.nt i^w & m
biopplng at lntermcdlato po luts wuea roquir ™
i^.^Sf.iy^t^^d 0 Xt
with stag* " for ■ HornlW Mart poiaV i
At Lankerahlm with -..— t^T««il <__*&- lit*