VOLUME LXXXIII.— XO. 61.
DELANY UNDER
CHARGES OF
EXTORTION
1 SCANDAL
WITH UGLY
FEATI'RES
Supervisor Is Charged
With Attempting
Blackmail.
Startling Disclosures by
Officers of the Pub
lic Pound.
Chairman of the Committee on
Health and Police in a
Bad Light.
DOG-KILLING IN POLITICS.
Board of Supervisors Threatening to
Re-enact an Odious Impound-
I_a w.
A fight for life if being made by the
Society for the 'Prevention of Cruelty to
xAnimals. According to the reported state'
mints of Captain Ddany of the Health
and Police Committee of the "Board of\
Supervisors an attempt has been made to
blackmail the society out of $500. The
directors have decided to resist the unlaw- '
ful demand for money. t/Js a result of
this refusal and of the refusal of Secretary :
Holbrook to release impounded animils j
free of cost, at '.he request of Supervisors,
rep .. .'.--./ that the board seriously con
terr- _<; i ' *'*£ the pound out of the
tiuna* ' (if the sociili- and placing it'-fn'y
politics again, as it teas in the disgraceful
divs of the past.
Assistant Secretary E. L,. Wadham
Wot the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals makes the start
line accusation that he has been ap
proached by Chairman Delany of the
Health and Police Committee of the
Board of Supervisors in a way that ,
■would do justice to a Black Bart.
"By the way, can you put me on
how to er^-t J500?" is the delicate way
the chairman of this responsible com
mittee is reported to have made known
his corrupt and criminal desires. This
was also told to Mr. Charles Bauer.
"This lanp-uae-e was reported to the
directors of the society." said Director
Samuel Seymour, "and we decided to
pay no attention to it further than to
resist any attempt to coerce or black- |
mail the society."
The language reported to have been !
used in this way to Wadham and
others— twice to Wadham— is enough
to warrant an investigation into the
methods of the chairman of this im
portant committee. If the charges are
true they constitute the most shamrful
case of political and official hlackmail
that has been reported in many years.
This language becomes the more
serious when it is recalled that a
petty spite has existed against the so
dfity by various Supervisors ever since
Secretary Holbrook first refused to re
cognise the requests of Supervisors,
■which are quite numerous, that animals
held in the pound be "released with
out cost to the city."
In the old days when impounding an
imals was carried on as freely as rob
bing in the regions of the Alhambra. it
as a common thing for Supervisors
ro flood the pound master with these
requests to favor every political heeler
in the neighborhood. Printed forms
showing the shameful extent of this
abuse still exist and are used daily,
though the secretary, acting under le
gal advice and the interpretation of
the clerk of the board, has refused to
recognize any such orders. He takes
;
rac-»imiie oi u.e *>iaieinent o\ Assistant Secretary Wadham of the Society for
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Accusing Supervisor Delany of
Attempting to Extort Five Hundred Dollars From the Society.
The San Francisco Call
CHAIRMAN DELANY, Who Is Accused of Gross
Misconduct in Office.
this stand because there is no provi
sion that the cost of paying , for the
care of such animals and the cost of
their capture be paid, except in the
regular. way by fine of the delinquent.
It has been decided that Mr. Hoi- j
brook will resign as poundkeeper, an
office which pays him nothing in addi
tion to his salary as secretary of the !
society, and that he will be succeeded j
by Mr. Seymour. It is the general
opinion that this will be a compromise ;
measure, as the Health and Police
Committee has recommended. that the '
impounding of animals be taken away j
from the society rand - put into politics
again. .
If this should be done there is a '
great likelihood that there will be a
repetition of the disgraceful scenes of
the past acts of cruelty and corruption'
that caused the society to take h«>M
of the matter some years aRn. It la
also reported that ex-Pcund Keeper
Osborne will under no circumstances be
appointed to succeed Mr. Holbrook.
Tnder the corrupt system that some
of the supervisors suggest there is no
guarantee that private citizens will not
again be subjected to the petty black
mall and insults that thrived in the
wicked past. There is also no assur
ance that animals will not be sto-len,
turned out of owners' lots and abused,
as in the past, that disreputable wield
ers of the lariat and dog catching bas
ket may again grow fat by corrup
tion.
The Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals has gone into the ,
animal question in a thorough and sci-
entiflc manner. Their plant for the
care and final destruction of condemned
dogs has been pronounced the finest in
the United States. Rev. Dr. Clark,
founder of the Christian Endeavor So- ,
ciety, visited their plant at Sixteenth
and Alabama streets when he was here,
and his opinion was that the plant and
the methods pursued were incompara
bly ahead of all such institutions in
the United States. It is the general
opinion of those who have investigat
ed the matter that the methods of this
society are in every way creditable, and
that the Board of Supervisors will ,
make a great error if they do so rash
a thing as to place the care of animals
in the hands of ward politicians again.
The society does not desire to see its
plant become worthless by an <rrder of
the Board of Supervisors, made through
Jealousy. It absolutely refuses, how
ever, to contribute a cent to the fund
as demanded by Chairman Delany.
'When I become pound master," said
Mr. Seymour, "I shall abide by thedeci
sion of thedir'i-tf.rs.,f the society as to
whether it is my duty to heed orders of
release issued by supervisor*. As the
supervisors get so little patronage of j
SAX FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 30, 1898-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
any kind it might be well to give the
poor fellows a chance to release some
of the captur.-d goats and dogs of their
constituents."
Hut as to Supervisor Delany and
i that $500.
Assistant Secretary Wadham sticks
I to It that the Supervisor made some
vr tv pointed remarks, amounting prac
tically to a request for a bribe, and has
a written statement to that effect.
Secretary Holbrook backs up "Wad
ham, and says there are numerous
other people who. if they could be
coaxed to talk, could phi •omethSng
even more definite and damaging upon
Delany.
"I am perfectly familiar with that
$500 proposition," said Holbrook last
evening, "and have heard of It several
times. I was given very pointed hints
on numerous occasions that money
would be required to hold the pound,
and that was some time before "Wad
ham reported to us what Captain De
lany had said to him. Wadham's re
port was not. therefore, news to me nor
to several offirers in the society. As
Mr. Seymour will tell you, for he and
I consulted several times in refer
aooe to the $."00 proposition. we
decided to pay no attention to
the matter, but to -'ami our ground
and refyse to be held up in this brig- i
andish manner. 1 have been told sev
eral times by friends of Delany that
the Supervisor was only jdking when
he said he wanted $500, but that was
a serious matter, in my estimation, to
Joke about.
"Delany made the proposition, and
nobody knows it better than himself.
Ifr. Seymour and I have got proof to
show if he insists on denying it."
DELANY DENIES IT.
Says He Did Wot "Talk Busi-
ness" With W.adham.
Supervisor Delany was seen at hts
residence last evening and denied that
any overtures had been made to the
officers of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Animals regarding
the control of the pound.
"I know Mr. Wadham," he said, "and
asked him regarding the manner in
Which the institution was to be con
ducted, but as far as any money talk
is concerned, that is entirely out dt the
question. We are friends, and I sim
ply asked for information, with abso
lutely no idea of any benefit to myself
<>r the committee. I also know Mr.
Bauer of the Westerfeldt Bakery and
Samuel Seymour of the S. P. Taylor
Paper Company, both members of the
society, and have talked to them about
this matter, but there was absolutely
Continued on Second Pace.
WHY HAWAII
SHOULD NOT
BE ANNEXED
Telling Reasons Given
by Professor Yon
Hoist.
Speech of the Noted Edu
cator Before the Com
mercial Club.
Taking of the Islands Would
Violate the Declaration of
Independence.
MANY VALID OBJECTIONS.
Possession of the Far-A way Territory
Would Be a Source of Weak
nefcs. Not of Strength.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Commercial Club of Chi
cago, an organization composed
of representative business men.
adopted re<«>luTions last night
calling upon thp members of
Congress from Illinois to vote
and work apainst the Hawaiian
annexation treaty.
CHICAGO. Jan. 29.— At the annual
| banquet of the Commercial Club, which
j was held to-night at the Auditorium,
i Professor vnn Hoist of Chicago Uni- |
versity delivered the principal address
Of the evening, his subject being the
"Annexation of Hawaii." His remarks,
which were greetP'l with every mani
festation of approval, were as follows:
"What is th>- criterion for deciding;
the question. < night Hawaii be an- '
nexed by the United States?' Not the i
wishes or interns; t the islands. It is
not only the rig} • but also the 1m- ;
perative duty of the American people
to be guided solely by their own inter- \
est.
"The great fertility of th" islands no- j
body gainsay*. TJiu ttftl is the less .
reason to annex then,, bcause all the
! economical advantages to be derived
from them are secured already.
"As to the military side of the ques- [
tlon. Captain Mahan, our leading naval j
authority, has exploded the naive no- j
tii >n that the islands confer by them
selves control over a body of water. To
be of military value we must have an
adequate navy, and to b« adequate our
•navy would have to be much larger
when Hawaii Is ours: for It would have
to protect not only our coasts and our ,
shipping but also Hawaii, which would
: surely be a principal object of attack
; in a war with a first class naval power.
Now we are practically invulnerable.
Is It rational to acquire without any
need a spot at which an enemy can hit :
'. us infinitely harder than anywhere
else? We would annex not a source of \
strength, but of weakness. And it !
would be a step tha\ could not be re- '
i traced. To make the best of a bad job
j would he all that is left to us.
"That we act under compulsion, be- ;
cause some other power — probably
either England or Japan -would take
the islands if we refused the gift, is an
: assertion which is not and cannot be ;
i substantiated, as it has never before
; been substantiated, though the cry has
been raised every time we were after
■OHM territory. Wo can at least afford >
to think enough of our power, as
well as of our dignity, not to let the
cry, England,' have the effect upon us
that the red cloth has upon the bull.
Ever since UK the declaration of the
United States that they will not 'allow'
or 'permit' certain territories to be ;
taken by any other power has proved ;
a sufficient curb upon the covetousness .
of the leading states of Europe. Does i
it then permit of any doubt that their
peremptory 'Hands oJT!" would now be
respected?
"An even graver consideration than '
1 those mentioned thus far Is that the I
annexation of Hawaii would not mean
the annexing merely of Hawaii. We .
would annex temptation, and it Is r..>
cause of this that annexation is so
enthusiastically urged upon us— the
temptation to annex other outlying
territories and the temptation to piss
behind us the warning counsels of
Washington in his farewell address,
and enter upon a new era as to our
I international policy.
"Weighty as all thfse objections are
they dwindle into insignificance com
pared with the two that have thus far
not even been alluded to. In the Dec
laration of Independence the nation
has officially based Its existence upon
th<- principle that governments 'derive
their Just powers from the consent of
the governed.' If annexation is ef
fected In the manner proposed this
fundamental principle? will be tram
pled under foot, the unanimous ratifi
cation of the treaty by the Hawaiian
Senate notwithstanding. For the over- [
whelming majority of the population
has virtually had no voice in institut
ing this government; though now the
lawful government, it actually repre
sents only less than 4000 out of about
110,000. Even if the remaining 106.000
were to pray as ardently as the 4000
for annexation we ought to shut our
door against them, because according
to the unanimous emphatic testimony
of the small minority, posing as the
Hawallans. the 106.000 are utterly and
permanently unfit for self-government, ,
which Is more than the life breath,
which Is the very structural principle j
of this republic."
The resolutions by which the club de- {
LOS ANGELES
REBUKES THE
PLUNDERERS
VOICE OF LOS ANGELES
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 29.— These are the resolutions voicing the
popular sentiment on the water question:
Resolved, That, inasmuch as the subject matter of water Is one of
vital importance to each and every citizen to the end that an entirely
adequate and complete system may be obtained at as early a date as
possible, under municipal control and operation, it is therefore deemed
advisable that permanent organization be secured to represent the citi
zens directly in this all-important matter, and to co-operate with the
Council to bring about the result without any unnecessary delay. There
fore a committee is hereby named, to be known as the "Citizens' Com
mittee on Municipal ownership," said committee to consist of one mem
ber from each ward, the chairman of this meeting to be ex-offlcio a
member of the committee, and to name such crmmittee within a rea
sonable time.
Resolved, That we extend our thanks to all public officials who
have thus far in this struggle upheld the rights of *'\e people and re
mained true to their trust and their pledges, and we extend our thanks
to all newspapers, whether published here or elsewhere, that assisted
the people in this contest.
clared Itself against annexation call
upon the Senate to vote against the an
nexation treaty. They were introduced
before the club by F. B. Peabody, in
substitution for a briefer and more
general resolution to the same effect
that had been offered by Melville E.
Stone. The resolutions as adopted
read:
"Resolved. That it is the deliberate
sense of the Commercial Club of Chi
cago that the annexation of Hawaii
would be a source of weakness and
danger to the United States. It would
present almost impossible problems of
government. Th? population of which
not exceeding 5 per cent are white and
the remainder chiefly semi-savages and
Orientals can never become assimilated
with Americans nor be submissive to
the rule of constitutional law. A de
fense of islands 2000. miles distant from
our remotest border would involve, in
case of war, a larger navy than is ra
quired for the defense of our whole
seaboard. No advantage to the United
States can be obtained by annexation
that cannot as well be gained by
treaty. Hawaii is a friendly power,
and no reasonable request for coaling
or telegraph stations would be refused
us. The United States are dealing with
and must always meet political ques
tions of sufficient gravity to tax the
powers of the highest Intellect and
most devoted patriotism. It would be
a mistake, if not a crime, to add to our
perplexities the government and de
fense of an alien people living in the
mid-Pacific, with whom we have no
common interests.
"Resolved, That our Senators and
Representatives are respectfully re
quested to cast their votes against the
ratification of the pending treaty of
annexation.
"Resolved, That the secretary for
ward to our Senators and Representa
tives a copy of these resolutions."
Resolutions were offered immediately
following the address upon the ques
tion delivered by Professor yon Hoist.
INSPECTED THE FISH EXHIBITS.
President and Mrs. Dole Entertained by
United States Commissioner Bnce.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 29.— President
Dole spent the afternoon in an Inspec
tion of the United States Fish Commis
sion. The party Included the Presi
dent and Mrs. Dole and Mr. and Mrs.
I.aukeau. United States Fish Com
missioner Brlce showed th»»m the ex
hibits and the workings of his depart
ment.
This evening Miss Witherby, a niece
of Mrs. Dole, arrived from Castine,
Me., Mrs. Dole's birthplace. She will
spend several days as the latter's
guest. The plans for the coming week
include a dinner every evening, begin
ning with that to be given by Mr. Cas
NEWS OF THE DAY
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Fair on Sunday: fresh north
erly to westerly winds.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco 54 degrees
Portland ...^....' +4 degrees
I.os Ancol.-s 62 degrees
San Diego 5S degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Serious Charge Against Delany.
Chicago Men Oppose Annexation.
Los Angeles Citizens Speak.
SECOND PAGE.
Sacramento Prize-Winning Dogs. •
Bob Armstrong Easily Whipped.
THIRD PAGE.
Park Page In Hancock's History.
Spaniards Feel Friendly.
To the Pole Under the Sea,
Two Women Murdered.
Feud Leads to Crime.
FOURTH PAGE.
Train In the Ditch.
Sailor Sues for Wages.
Lost a Sack of Nuggets.
Loot of San Jose. -
The Corona May Be Saved.
FIFTH PAGE.
Socialists Strong In Germany.
England Working for Peace.
France Over a Volcano.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial. . ' ,
The Teller Resolution. '
The Prevalence of Cant.
The Fight for the Rivers.
The Railroad Commission.
Th» Fair, and the Klondlkers.
Wales as. a Model.
"With Entire Frankness," by Henry
James.
SEVENTH PAGE.
Morosco's Novelty.
Oakland Water Companies Plans.
Says the Beer Was Drugged.
EIGHTH PAGE.
Mr. Loud Is Amused. ;
Silver in the House. ',
Forum Club Reception.
NINTH PAGE.
News Along the Water Front. "" "
Suicide of C. W. Wllley.
', * TENTH PAGE.
Opening of the Mining Fair.
•
tie on Monday, and the Presidential
banquet Tuesday.
GENERAL BOYCE IS
SOUGHT BY CREDITORS.
Left Many Debts Behind Him in New York
When He Went to Ohio Where He
Is Accused of Bribery.
NEW YORK. Jan. 29.— General H. H.
Boyce, formerly of Los Angeles, Cal.,
who was accused before the investi
gating committee In Columbus, Ohio,
with having been concerned in alleged
bribery in connection with Senator
Hanna's election, has disappeared, and
a crowd of angry creditors are making
efforts to find him. Boyce was the
lessee of the Yon Hoffman apartment
house in this city, which is owned by
Mrs. Margaret Todd, and for several
days persons trying to collect bills have
been calling there inquiring for Boyce.
Boyce's creditors include all the em
ployes of the apartment house as well
as Mrs. Todd, who has taken charge of
the property and placed a manager in
control. Boyce lived in Los Angeles
about ten years ago and was manager
of the Morning Tribune, now defunct.
WRECK OF THE STEAMSHIP
KALA LADEN WITH SUGAR.
Strikes on a Reef in Hawaiian Waters, and
Is Lost. Together With Her
Cargo.
VICTORIA. B. C, Jan. 29.— The
steamer Warrimoo arrived to-night
from Australia and Hawaii. She
brought eighteen miners from Aus
tralia, on their way to the Klondike.
The Warrimoo brought from Hawaii
news of the wreck of the steamer Kala,
with a cargo of sugar. She ran on a
reef. The steamer and her cargo are
a total loss. The cargo was valued at
$11,500. It was covered by insurance.
The loss on the steamer was $25,000,
fully insured. The Kala belonged to
the Interisland Company, and the
sugar was consigned to M. S. Grin
baum & Co.
Mark Kennedy, a freight clerk of the
steamer Kinau, was drowned through
the overturning of a boat on the rocks
at Papaikou.
SEVERE EARTHQUAKE
SHOCKS IN MEXICO.
Cnpyr'.rhted I<W hy James Gordon Bennett.
OAXACA. Mexico. Jan. 29.— Advices
received here to-day show that severe
earthquake shocks in the southern part
of this State on the Isthmus of Te
huantepec caused considerable dam
age. It is reported that several lives
were lost in mountain towns. Re
ports say that the ocean is still great
ly disturbed all the way from Acapulco
to SaMr.a Cruz, and there are indica
tions that a now island is being formed
near Salina Cruz, by volcanic erup
tions.
NEWS OF THE DAY
ELEVENTH PAGE.
Robbed of All Hi» Coin.
Church Servies To-day.'
FOURTEENTH PAGE.
Racing at Ingleslde.
Births. Marriages and Deaths.
FIFTEENTH PAGE.
New* From Across the Bay.
SIXTEENTH PAGE, i: . ,
Democrats Concoct a Scheme.
Attempt to Murder and Rob.
Captain Ede's latest Deal.
Escaped From a Padded Cell.
An Actress end the Klondike.
SEVENTEENTH PAGE.
The Race to Capture the Soudan.
EIGHTEENTH PAGE.
What Shall We Do With Our Boys?
NINETEENTH PAGE.
Man Who Earns Fifty Cents a
Second.
TWENTIETH PAGE.
Annual Sale of Convict Labor In
Florida.
Snap-Shots of Vessels Sinking at
. Sea. •
TWENTY-FIRST PAGE.
Country Where Everybody Travels
' on Stilts.
TWENTY-SECOND PAGE.
The World of Books. •
TWENTY -THIKD PAGE.
A New Game Bird for California.
TWENTY-FOURTH PAGE.
Events of the Week In Society.
TWENTY-FIFTH PAGE.
Latest Novelties In Fashions.
TWENTY-SIXTH PAGE.
Boys' and Girls* Pare.
TWENTY-SEVENTH PAGE.
The Drama— Notes and Comments.'
TWENTY-EIGHTH PAGE.
Coast Personal .News. * / -*
TWENTY-NINTH PAGE.
Santa Monica, an Ideal 'Summer Re
sort.
THIRTIETH PAGE.
Teachers and Schools of California. -
Fraternal . Department.
' THIRTY-FIRST PAGE.
■ The Commercial • World. ■ > *
THIRTY-SECOND PAGE.
A* to "Vocational .Education." '-
Glenbeigh Ate Poisoned Meat.
News or the Mines.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE CITIZENS
ASSEMBLE IN
CONVENTION
Denounce the Serv
ants Who Have Be
trayed Them.
Score the Syndicate Press
Which Has Sold Out
Their Interests.
Return Thanks for Help Ex
tended to a City in
Dire Need.
BUY THE WATER PLANT.
Permanent Organization Effected to
Work Top the Deliverance of the
Southern Metropolis.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 29.— The people
of Los Angeles, without regard to poli
tics, assembled to-night in mass-con
vention to express their views upon the
water question, and they did so in un
mistakable terms. Not only did they,
by a unanimous vote, record their sen
timents upon the manner in which the
City Council had proceeded in regard to
the matter, but they also gave ex
pression to their feelings as regards the
syndicated local press — the Times, Ex
press and Herald— which three daily
newspapers have steadfastly taken up
the defense of the water company in
the contest which is now on with utter
disregard of the rights of the people.
And as soon as the muzzled and man
acled local press was me-itloned by a
speaker this evening the audience
broke forth in one loud acclaim and the
cheers and the applause were long con
tinued.
The citizens who had assembled real
ized the truth of the assertion that
they could neither expect nor hope for
aid in the water fight from the local
press. Therefore, when they heard
the truth from a public platform, they
were not slow in approving of its re
lation.
The mass-meeting which was held to
night was one of the most successful
non-partisan gatherings that have ever
been convened in this city to discuss
a great public question. It is ona
phase of the battle The Call is mak
ing to assist in obtaining for the peo
ple of Los Angeles their full rights in
the matter of a water-distributing
plant, without permitting her citizens
to be robbed of two million dollars in
the interest of the fifty-two stockhold
ers of the water company.
To this end the mass meeting was
deemed advisable. It was felt that
there was nothing to be done by taking
fruitless straw votes. The Call, acting
for the people of Los Angeles, and in
order that the citizens might be en
abled to express themselves upon the
great question, in order that a perma
nent organization might br- formed to
conduct an organized battle for the
people's rights, lent its voice to them
in calling a mass convention when the
local press was paid for silence.
All that was hoped to accomplish and
more has been brought about as a re
sult of the people congregating to-night
at Music Hall. The permanent organ
ization to conduct the water fight in
their interest has been secured, con
sisting of one member from each of the
nine wards of the city.
The people have also taken a very
decided stand which, if anything on
earth will move it, will have a tendency
to cause the Council to take action
along the line of preparing to buy the
water company's plant at the expira
tion of the contract. As yet the
Council has done nothing in this mat
ter.
The meeting also decided that it was
against public policy to permit the
water company to make unnecessary
improvements to its plant now which
are non-essential and which are made
solely for the purpose of endeavoring
to compel the Council to make a re
valuation of the company's improve
ments to the city's plant at the expira
tion of the contract.
Mayor Snyder, Councilmen Grider
and Hutchison and The Call fend the
Record, although not specifically men
tioned, were all thanked for the ser
vice they have rendered the people In
this matter.
The vast throng that gathered at
Music Hall this evening was a most
intelligent audience. It was made up
of all classes and included some of the
first citizens of Los Angeles. As proof
of the assertion that all deemed the
subject that was to be discussed one
of vita! importance it is only necessary
to relate that many citizens brought
their wives with them. The enthusi
asm, while it was kept within orderly
bounds, was certainly deep, and the
men realized that they were brought
together for a business purpose.* This
purpose they accomplished. As presid
ing officer ex-Mayor Hei.ry T. Hazard
was warmly received. Mr. Hazard's
two terms as Mayor have convince^2
the people of his honesty, and when
A. W. Fisher, who called the meeting
to order, presented Mr. Hazard he was
given an ovation.
After quiet had been restored Mr.
Hazard announced briefly the object of
the meeting. He said the people had
gathered, not as partisans, but as citi
zens, fighting lor their homes and fam
ilies. They had gathered, he said, not
to destroy anybody's property or to
make any attempt to take from any
man or corporation his or its legal
rights. Then, taking Up the water
question, Mr. Hazard aid that if the
city was going to bu> the water com
pany's plant it was about time for citi
zens to know where the money was
coming from to buy with. As yet noth
ing in this direction had been done.
"The « Ity," said Mr. Hazard, "want*
to give th< water company every dol
lar that is due it, but it does not pro
pose to pay $5 for a piece of pipe that
is not worth 50 cents. We are here.
though, to deprecate taking from the
company anything which is not ours,
or which, if it la theirs, we will not pay
for. But if the plant is only worth
one million we are not going to pay
three million for it."
Mr. Hazard then introduced the
Mayor of the city, M. P. Snyder. Mr.
Bnyder spoke as follows:
Fellow Citizens, Ladles and Gentlemen:
This mass meeting called to-night for the
purpose of discussing the water question
1b one of great importance. The water
quest. that is near the hearts of
all good citizens. Even now they look to
the time when the city will set possession
of its plant and control it in the interest
of the people, with abundance of pure
water at a respectable cost. During the
last <-ity campaign the War cry of all po
litical parties was "municipal ownership
of water works." That was the issue of
the campaign, and when the people went
to the polls to cast their ballots they
voted for the men whom they believed to
be honest, whom '* they believed to be
closely identified With the int. -rests of the
and who would stand by the
people.
It is Indeed an unfortunate situation
that a citizen, it matters not whether he
)«> May< r or a man In the private walks
of life, should be referred to as a dema
ofaying to the galleries
when ■■ ors to . carry out the
: atfonn on which he was
fl. I say it is an unfortunate situa
tion for the city ot Los. Angeles that
when a man a ands for the people
; ins he should be ac
of being a confiscator.
On - ■:' last July I sent a special
message to tl •■ council urging that body
to see to It tl it nothing be left undone
ownership of water.
My posjtion was immediately criticized,
se I was urging the Council to
am • ■-<■ to secure ;i!l the information to
be obtained as to the value of the plant
and at s possible arrive at an
agreement as to the price to be paid to
The water company for its improvements
at the expiration of the contract.
For taking that position I was repre
sented to the public as playing to the
ries, and I know not what else. My
position on the water question, I believe.
U) bo well known that such comment
would have no weight, and I pass that
by. Tin between the water
company and the city will expire on the
next July. Only about six months
n in which to act, in which we have
time to carry out our contract. I do not
wish to be considered as advocating the
policy that the water company has no
rights in the controversy, but to the con
trary I maintain that the water company
has certain moral if not legal rights un
der the thirty year contract .which should
be respected by the city: and I also claim
that the city has certain legal rights
■which must and shall be respected by the
water company. [Loud and long contin
tiw'i ;ip;i!':
If xhf city does not assume an aggres
sive policy this water controversy will
continue indefinitely. In the event that
the city, after doing everything within Us
power, fails to bring about a settlement
ason of the water company refusing
to appoint its arbitrator, there is but one
course to pursue, which it cannot get
around, and that course is that at the
expiration of the lease the city's interests
cted. It will be the duty
of the city to take possession of the
water company's plant and everything
that goes to make up the system. [Ap
plause.]
There Is not a single word in the con
tract that the city shall not get posses
sion of its property at the expiration of
the lease. But that contract does say
that the water company will make such
Improvements as are mentioned in the
contract, and keep them in repair for a
period of thirty years, and then turn the
works over to the city.
I claim that the city of Los Angeles ib a
solvent corporation and that the water
company can recover fr.m the city every
■ it is entitled to under the contract;
and I claim that the City Water Corn
is simply acting as trustee for th.c
city, and in that capacity it has nothing
to say in regard to the operation of the
water company's plant after the expira
tion of the contract. All the claim that
the water company has against the city
is for the value of the improvements.
Remember, fellow citizens, that should
the water company continue in posses
sion of that plant after the expiration of
the lease the revenues, which amount to
a great sum of money, would go Into the
pockets Of '-'.holders instead of
into the city treasury, where they legally
belortfr.
I believe that the Council should be in
a 'position to-day to say whether or no
they are Koine to arrive at the price to
pay the water company at the expiration
of the lease., r believe they should have
taken legal steps weeks ago. If they are
Hot* going to be able to arrive at the
price, then. I claim, in order to carry
out tho contract it is the duty of the
Council to proceed under that contract to
appoint an arbitrator and notify the wa
i'-r company, of their action and ask the
water company to also carry out the con
tract by naming their arbitrator.
I have not said one word about confis
cation. What is there to confiscate? The
city owns the water plant and has al
ways owned it. 'Applause. )
I have always held that it is the duty
of the city to pay the water company the
value ot Its improvements and no more.
If they are ready to accept that, that is
is all there is to the question. I am exer
cising every effort to bring about a fair
settlement of the question at issue and
I shall continue to do so while I fill the
position I now hold. It matters not if
every paper from Siskiyou to San Diego
calls me a demp-gogue and an anarchist.
(Enthusiastic and long-continued ap
plause.)
City Engineer J. H. Dockweller was
the next speaker. Mr. Dockweiler was
warmly received. He made a brief talk
1n which he gave some detailed infor
mation concerning the water plant.
The City Engineer placed himself
squarely on the same platform with
the Mayor in the battle for municipal
ownership. In 1891. Mr. Dockweiler, as
<ity Engineer, made the first report on
the Water company's plant and its con
dition and value. He reviewed his past
work in this connection, and then
turned his attention to the late report
on the value of the plant which was
made under his supervision.
Mr. Dockweiler made a telling speech,
and his popularity was attested by the
hearty applause with which his re
marks were received.
Councilman L. M. Grider, one of the
two faithful Councilmen. was the next
speaker. He was warmly received by
the people, who understand his posi
tion and. who were not at all slow about
recognizing it as well as the gentleman
himself. Sir. Orider's remarks were
merely a review of the effort he and
his colleague has made for municipal
ownership in the Council.
The next speaker excited the most
enthusiasm of any citizen who ad
deressed the meeting. It was Milton
Carlson, who is an instructor In the
city High School. Mr. Carlson took
up the subject of the muzzled press,
and his reference to the attitude of the
Times, Herald and Express and his
comments thereon met with popular
approval. He was cheered to the echo.
Among other things Mr. Carlson said:
"We have here in Los Angeles a muz
zled press on this water question. It is
impossible for us to secure any advice
or instruction through it, as to our
rights, or interest in this water com
pany controversy. It is all a question
with these three papers, as to whether
or not the water company will get its
rights or not. That is all that seems
to worry those sheets. Lord pity the
SOME PRIZE-WINNERS AT SACRAMENTO'S BENCH SHOW..
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 29. — The attendance at the poultry and bench show to-day was much better than that of yesterday, the attention of the
public seeming to have been more strongly attracted to the tine exhibit and the milder weather also making it more pleasant for those who attended
It was expected that the dogs would be judged for special prizes this afternoon, but it was concluded to defer it until 1 p. m. to-morrow, in order to give
a large number of people a chance to witness it. Quite a large number of special prizes have been offered in the various classes by business men of this
city. The poultry show will be continued until Mmiday night at 1 o'clock.
The following additional awards have been made for pigeons, closing the list: Largest and best collection of pigeons, G. T. Marsh; second largest
and best collection, A. N. Bayley; best collection of runts, H. E. Whitman; best collection of pouters, G. T. Marsha; best collection of white fantails, J. J.
Tompklnson; best collection of Jacobins, G. T. Marsh; best collection of turbits, A. N. Bayley.
poor inhabitants of any city if they
have newspapers like ours."
And then the audience did break
loose and cheer. In closing Mr. Carl
son made mention of the attitude
The Call had taken in this controversy,
and that was another signal for ap
plause.
Before resuming his seat Mr. Carl
son offered the following set of reso
lutions, and moved their adoption:
Whereas. All the political divisions in
October, 1596, pledged their several nomi
nees for municipal offices to work for the
public ownership, control and operation
of the water-distributing plant now held
by the Los Angeles City Water Company
under lease; and whereas, a provision
should be made whereby the city will be
enabled to purchase the betterments to
its plant at the expiration of the con
tract; therefore be it
Resolved. First— That he citizens of Los
Angeles, in non-partisan mass-meeting
assembled, deprecate the division in the
City Council on the policy that should be
pursued in making preparations for the
purchase of the improvements placed in
said water system by the water company.
Resolved, Second— That the Council be
requested to forthwith legally notify the
water company that the improvements
placed upon the system beyond what is
necessary absolutely for the maintenance
of the same until the expiration of the
lease is contrary to public policy, and as
many of the improvements are entirely
unnecessary for the said purpose Of
maintenance and do not accord with the
plan for the water system for the mu
nicipality as outlined by the engineer in
charge.
Resolved, Third— That the council be
requested to invite the Mayor and the
City Engineer to participate in all fu
ture negotiations with the water com
pany.
Resolved, Fourth— That inasmuch as
the subject matter of water is one of
vital importance to each and every citi
zen, to the end that an entirely adequate
and complete system may by obtained,
at as early a date as possible, under mu
nicipal control and operation, it is deemed
advisable that a permanent organisation
be secured to represent the citizens di
rectly in this important matter and to
co-operate with the Council, to bring
about the result without any nnnecess . ry
delay. Therefore a committee is hereby
named, to be known as the "Cltlsens 1
Committee on Municipal Ownership."
said committee to consist of one mem
ber from each ward and the chairman of
this meeting to be ex-ofnelo a member of
the committee and to name such com
mittee within a reasonable time.
Resolved, Fifth— That we lend our
thanks to all public officials that have
thus far In this struggle upheld y^he
rights of the people and remained true
to their trust and their pledges, and that
we extend our thanks to. all newspapers,
whether published here or elsewhere, for
assisting the people in this contest.
Chairman Hazard, as soon as the
resolutions were read, asked if there
was any discussion or suggestion in the
way of amendment.
There was absolutely none, but there
were loud cries from all over the hall,
"Adopt them, adopt them." This was
then done.
The next speaker Introduced was Ed
ward L. Hutchison, the Councilman
from the Eighth Ward. Mr. Hutchison
took a pronounced stand in favor of
the Council at once taking the neces
sary action to have at hand the money
to buy the water company's improve
ments to the city's plant at the expira
tion of the lease. The speaker re
ferred to the abuse which he and his
confrere, Councilman Grider, had been
subjected to by the water company's
'oeal press for their efforts to cause
the corporation to come to terms under
conditions of their contract.
Mr. Hutchison said: 'The Times.
Herald and Express do not seem to be
worried about the people, but they are
worried for fsfcr the Water Company
is not going to be accorded its legal
rights. If every paper In the city will
simply fight for the rights of the
municipality you need not have one
bit of fear about the water company
enforcing every right that is guaran
teed it under the contract. The local
press need not be alarmed on this
score."
And then there was tremendous ap
plause.
At this juncture Chairman Hazard
announced that he had had some ex
perience in the manner in whit h the
water company secured defenders. He
said when he was Mayor of the city an
endeavor was made u« defeat an issue
of sewer bonds and the water company
had actually secured the Attorney-
General of the State to come from Sac
ramento and defeat the will of the peo
ple. The Attorney-General. Mr. Haz
ard said, afterward admitted to him
that he had appeared here in the mat
ter at the instance of the secretary of
tin* Los Angeles Water Company.
"This," said Mr. Hazard, "shows you
how easy it is for the water company
to secure defenders in high places."
Ernest Abs Hagen, the civil enerin
eer, was the next speaker. He first
quoted the following statement printed
by the Times: "The present water
system of the city is the result of far
sighted sagacity and enterprise. Evcrv
feature of this system represents the
most serviceable material and mode of
construction obtainable; the service for
all purposes never fails."
Commenting on it. Abs Hagen said:
"This Is the statement of the water
company's advocates, who counsel de
lay in acquiring the same for city pur
poses. Let us look at the other side
of the picture, and we find that the
sizes of ihe mains are below the mark,
that the condition of the mains la ex
tremely bad, that poor and cheap ma
terials were originally used, that the
service is inadequate for any demand
thereupon. These results were found
by the city's investigation, which
proved that out of 308 miles of mains
not less than 241 miles are mains of
two, three and four pipes, or a total of
79 per cent. It must be borne in mind
that a water plant, complete in all its
arrangements, has a main of not less
than six inches, while the present
plant has 170 miles oC twxMnch pipes
TJIE SAX FI? AXCISCO CAIA,. SUXDAY, JAXT'ARV 30, ISOS.
out of a total Of 308 miles. Do ynu
wonder why Messrs. Snyder. Qrtder
and Hutchison take issue with the ad
vocates of the water company's in
terests?"
The meeting closed v ith a few re
marks from Professor AS*, c Bowman.
Chairman Hazard, before the adjourn
ment, said: ''Citizens. I wish to tell
you that the moment the city of Los
Angeles sticks a pick In the ground
and has th" money at hand — and she
can get it — that minute will she have
a water system."
Tais sentiment met with long contin
ued applati.-e.
The meeting adjourned subject to the
call of the chairman of the committee
<>n municipal ownership. Chairman
Hazard will not be able to name the
committee for several days.
The consensus of opinion was that
the mass convention was the most suc
cessful as well as the most fruitful that
has been held in Los Angeles for some
time.
REPLY OF ENGINEER
DOCKWEILER TO ABS
HAGEN' S AFFIDAVIT.
Answers in Detail the Sworn Statements
Made by His Former Sub
ordinate.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 29.— city Engi
neer Dockweiler, who was yesterday
made the subject of an affidavit by
Abs Hagen, has given to The Call cor
respondent the following clear and
lucid signed statement as so the affair:
In reference to the published affidavit
of Aba Hugen, recently an employe of the
city of Los Angeles as a subordinate In
my office, I desire to make the following
brief statement: -' • ■' v,
Abs Hagen, in connection with the
other engineers, was employed by me to
compile from official and water company
data an estimate to enable me to place
a valuation on the Los Angeles City
Water Works. In compliance with in
structions received from me and working
under my personal supervision, At ■
Hagen assisted in the compilation of the
report now on Die in the office of the
City Clerk of Los Angeles. •
In the affidavit mentioned Abs Hagen
states that I visited the work only three
times. This statement is absolutely
false. I kept myself fully Informed as
to the progress of the work and felt in no
wise obligated to report to Abs Hagen
or- any other of my subordinate engi
neers.
In characterizing the report submitted
by me to the City Council as being es
sentially his own work. Mr. Abs Hagen
is correct, "in so far as the work was
done under my Instructions and passed
under my personal supervision and final
review In my capacity as city engineer-
In reference to the allegation made by
Mr. Abs Hagen that on July 22, 1597, I,
in . consultation with him, reviewed the
itemized estimates and insisted upon
raising the figures therein contained,
thereby Increasing the amount of the to
tal estimate J156.000 over .-md above the
alleged "true estimate" previously made
by Mr. Aba Hagen. I have only to say
that there was no estimate until my re
port as city engineer was filed.
In response to Mr. AM Ilagen's state
ment that I brought forth no good reason
for such Increase of figures I have only
to say that the increase fixed by me and
incorporated in my final report to the
City Council speaks for Itself, and is ■
matter of public record. 1 saw no neces
sity at the time, nor do i now see any
reason for making a detailed explanation
of my actions to Mr. Abs Hagen or any
other of my subordinate engineers. I
will further state thai the Increase was.
in my judgment, made as a matter of
equity and simple justice to the water
company and" in the line of my doty as
a servant of the people of Los Angeles
City. .
Reference to my report to the City
Council will verify the statement that my
figures, as submitted, will show a reduc
tion of $1,809,345 on the valuation of $:(.
000,000 as fixed by the water company as
its valuation of the Los Angeles City
water plant.
"Reference to my report will reveal the
fact that the deductions from the figures —
by courtesy designated as Abs Hagen's —
nlus the other items in the schedule of in-
fcreased valuation, reduces the sum total
of total Increase to $23,480. which amount
plus 10 per cent for contingencies, makes
a. sum total increase of $126,965, every
item of which is legitimate and just from
an engineer's standpoint.
The allegation made by Abs Hagen that
I consulted with Mr. Mulholland, super
intendent of the' water company, * and
with ex-City Engineer Fred Eaton, is cor
rect. I consulted with each of the gen
tlemen named in my official • capacity as
city engineer, to the- end that I might
acquire such expert testimony as would
place me in a position to best conserve the
Interests of the city.
In this relation I desire to emphasize
the fact that Mr. Abs Ha gen was himself
in constant communication with Mr. Mul
holland, a circumstance rendered imper
ative by the complex and intricate nature
of the work in hand, a fact which will be
attested by every competent engineer.
By way of addenda I will add that Mr.
Abs Hagen exceeded his authority as my
subordinate In consulting with Mr. Perry
the president of the Los Angeles Water
Company, at the latters residence, rela
tive to matters whioh properly belonged
to the city of Los Angeles. These facts,
comirtg to my notice after the filing of
the report, influenced me to dispense
with the services of Mr. AbR Ha*r«-n.
.The report, as made. by me- to -the City
Council, is a matter of record. It is mi
nute as to detail and. is the best, in fact
the only legitimate answer to the idle
vaporing* of Mr. Alii Hagen.
(Signed) J. H. DOOKWEILER,
'. . City Engineer.
IRELAND'S FREEDOM
FROM ORDINARY CRIME.
Vices Which Are Common in England Do Not
Exist Among the People of South
west Kerry.
NEW YORK, Jan. ?9.— A special
from Dublin to the World says: The
moat striking testimony to Ireland's
freedom from ordinary crime, even in
what are called by her British rulers
the disturbed districts, has just been
borne voluntarily by E. T. Lloyd, for
merly Chief Constable "f York. He
was appointed six months ago Stipend
iary Railway Magistrate at Cahirie
reen, County Kerry. Speaking from
tlie bench he said:
"I should like to congratulate the
public and the police of this district on
the fact that after four months of con
stant attendance as Resident Magis
trate in this portion of Ireland, com
prising an area of 1000 square miles, I
have never yet had before me a single
complaint of theft and not one case of
criminal assault. iioth these classes
of cases are terribly common in Eng
land. I say so as an Englishman,
and I have lived all my life in Eng
land until quite recently. It speaks vol
umes for the people of Southwest Ker
ry that they should be so strictly up
right and honest, considering their
great poverty and the hard times they
are so patiently enduring."
CROKER'S BROTHER
FIGHTS STRIKERS
As a Railway "Manager He In
augurates Bluffing
Tactics.
Special Dispatch to" The ""all. '
' NEW YORK. Jan. 29.— A dispatch to
the World from Dublin says: The 1 in
dustrial world is having an object les
son in the Bismarckian masterfulness
of the Croker family. It has attracted
general attention to an otherwise in
significant strike on the Cork, Bandon
and South Coast Railway.
Richard Croker's brother is the man
ager of that railroad. The . men had
scarcely left work on a strike when
he gave them an unexpected taste of i
his quality. Instead of negotiating for \
a compromise Croker issued instanter a
statement declaring that they had acted
illegally and to the danger and injury
of the public by quitting work without ,
notice. He warned the men that they
would all be prosecuted with the ut
most rigor; that their places would be
filled immediately, and that no one, un
der any circumstances,' would be re
instated in the company's service. • " .
As a final blow, when the chief sec
retary of the Amalgamated Society of
Railway Servants of Great" Britain
went especially to Cork to negotiate
with the company, Manager Croker ab
solutely refused to see him or to recog
nize the right of the society to inter
fere.
These high-handed and Draconian
measures have excited the intense ad
miration of Croker's fellow railway
managers, ami if he can carry out his
daring programme he will have inau
gurated a new era in the history of
railway strikes. Up to the present time
he has not succeeded in filling the
men's places, but all traffic is kept up
on the railway, the clerks acting as
guards and porters. Croker himself is
working night and day in that capaci
ty, actuated by his firmly expressed
resolution to fight the strikers "to the
bitter end.'
Prize Fight at Angels Camo.
ANGELS CAMP, Jan. 29.— Tom Car
keek of Stockton defeated Charles
Slater of this city in a fifteen-round
fight here to-night. It was the fast
est contest ever seen In the mountains.
Carkeek wae given the decision on his
work from the sixth to the ninth rounds,
inclusive, when he attempted to end
the fight, but Slater took the punish
ment and succeeded in knocking his
opponent down in the fifteenth round.
Carkeek drew first blood in the fourth
round.
Suicide of an Old Soldier.
KIXOMAX. Jan. 29.— Andrew J. Shrope.
an old and well-knowr. citizen of this city
and county, committed suicide this morn
iiiK by tiring a bullet Into his brain. He
was an old Union soldier and had two
sons and a daughter In Colorado.
NEW TO-DAY.
You can be healthy
Only when your
Blood is rich
In materials
Necessary to
Repair the waste
Of the system.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Keeps the blood ,
Rich and pure,
Expels germs of
Scrofula, salt rheum,
Cures rheumatism,
Dyspepsia, catarrh,
And gives strength.
BOB ARMSTRONG
EASILY BESTED
Frank Childs of Chicago
Knocks Out the Big
Pugilist.
Ends the Contest With a Right
Punch in the Second
Round.
"Parson" Davies' Protege Beaten
From the First Sound, of
the Gong.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Jan. 29.— 80b Armstrong,
the colored heavy weight who has been
heralded by "Parson" Davies as a
world beater, was completely smoth
ered and knocked out to-night by
Frank Childs. a colored pugilist of this
city. In the gymnasium of the Chicago
Athletic Club. Both men were over
the heavy weight limit.
After the second round had lasted
one and a half minutes Childs landed
his right squarely on the jaw, and
Armstrong went down in a heap. He
was down nine seconds, and, when he
arose, Childs tapped him lightly and
Armstrong went down Hat on his face.
He staggered up again, wobbled across
the ring, and sat down helplessly in a
corner. He was utterly unable to fight,
and Referee George Siler awarded the
fight to t'hilds.
After the decision was given Arm
strong went tottering around the
ring, and wound up in Childs' corner.
Childs took him in his arms and let
him gently down to the floor, where
he remained. He was unable to leave
the ring for several minutes.
In the other contests of the evening
George Kerwin of Chicago. in» the 125
pound class, knocked out McHale of
Denver in one minute. Ritchie of St.
Louis defefated Dwyer of Chicago in
the preliminary of the 115 pound class,
and Forbes of Chicago in the final.
"Shorty" Ahem and Jim Dewar, two
local men, fought a six-round draw at
145 pounds.
BROWN MUST GIVE PROOF.
Berkeley Man's Charges Against Eastern
Athletes to Be Investigated.
NEW YORK. Jan. 39— President Oliver
Shiras of the Intercollegiate Athletic As
sociation said t<>-day that the executive
committee of the association would call
on Captain Brown of the athletic team of
the University of California to substan-
tiate the charges of professionalism he
made againFt Eastern college athletes.
The matti-r of demanding proof from
('aptain Brown will come up at -a meet
ing of the executive committee of th*
association on February 25. Mr. Sbiras
says that If Captain Brown fails to sub
stantiate the charges he has made, and
which are a serious reflection on the am
ateur standing 1 of athletes of leading
eastern universities, he will be disci
plined.
The executive committee Is composed
of President Sbiras, A. T. Klrby of Co
lumbia, C. B. Kendrlck of University of
Pennsylvania, and Henry H. Howe of
Harvard College. The gentlemen named
are indignant becauseof Captain Brown's
accusations and it is not impossible that
th< University of California, which insti
tution holds membership in the Intercol
legiate Association, may be expelled
from membership if it decs not do all in
Its power to assist the committee in its
work.
DELANY UNDER
CHARGES OF
EXTORTION
Continued from First Page.
no question of money involved in any
of our conversations."
Samuel Seymour, when seen again
last night at his residence, 138 Fulton
itreel and told 61 Captain Delany's
denial, was inclined to draw in his
horns, and seemed to weaken when It
came to standing by his former state
ments.
He pleaded illness as an excuse for
shirking an interview, and would say
•lothing at all on the matter except to
hint that there had been a good deal
of talk of one kind and another going
on in political circles, and that inquiry
| of Secretary Holbrook would bring out
all that was in the affair.
Supervisor Thomas W. Rivers, when
seen last night regarding the charge
that Supervisor Delany had intimated
that the pound would be allowed to re
main under the control of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani
mals if the sum of $500 was forthcom
ing, said that he knew absolutely nova
NEW TO-DAY.
BARGAINS
GREATER
F-OR
THIS WEEK.
We end our January Sale with the closing
out of the following various lines in their
respective departments. These exceptional
values cannot fail to elicit your notice.
■ i
DRESS GOODS. DOMESTICS.
75 pieces 36-inch Novelty 250 pieces Flannelette in neat lA
Dress Goods, in beautiful stripes and checks; good n. R
dark mixtures; regular Oflfl value at 10c; sale price V 4 U
value 50c a yard; sale jlll
price wvw
5 cases large size California
So pieces 46-inch Novelty Check all-Wool Blankets, bound
Suitings, in the new color- with silk binding; choice (f»«V QP
ings, blue and black, red borders; regular valueJlJlnn
and " black, green and V $5 50; sale price yr**t\*\*
black, brown and black; /I Oft
' regular value 75c;. sale fUll
-. price '••♦«' ■" 5 cases large size Honeycomb
50 piece 43-inch New Silk and SSerns^excellSSt^vi'l.^ QRP
Wool Cashmere Plaids in ; 75C « tte ras, ex cellent value , JJJ^
very choice colorings; good InR at *i jo, sale, price
value at $1; sale price —
100 pieces 45-inch all-Wool .... 200 dozen large size Turkish t)f\ n
Black Novelty Suiting " Towels; regular val- /IJC
in choice designs; excel- Cf\n ™« * 3 °° Per dozen; sale fcww
lent value at 75c; sale QU(J price. Each
price ■ .
- _ ■•' Immense bargains in ready-
Clf f/C» ' made Sheets and Pillow
SILKS. ; v • cases ; •
4500 yards 22-inch Black Satin •
• and Gros Grain Brocades C i XT/ 7 ! CC
in new designs, excellent _ lAllvlC^*
quality; regular value $1 50 Aj f)f)
and $1 25 a yard; saIeAI.UU 200 dozen Misses' and Boys'
P rice ••• !T I Extra Heavy Fast Black
1800 yards 22-inch Taffeta " £>"?£. 5» Me- Si^?i 10 In
Plaid Silks in rich color- (f» I f\n ork^e ' ' I^2W
ings; excellent value at\|. I] II pee
$125; sale price IIUU i ,
- " ■ ' ' ' — •: 150 dozen Ladies' Fast Black f)P.
....... r~ • Cotton Hose, reinforced /nR
fiTYIVF^ • : soles, heels and toes; extra UU
lILUT LJ» value at 35c; sale price.... Pair
168 dozen 2-clasp Pique Walk- — %
ing Gloves in red. tan, i 4SOO yards Embroideries in ••
brown, yellow, pearl and 4^-yard lengths, from 3c,
white, all sizes: every pair flCft 4 °. 5c to 20c a yard: slight-
fitted and guaranteed; reg- HjL ly imperfect; "worth dou-
ular value $1 25, at . www ble.
ing of the affair. .Rivers is a member
»>f the Health and Police Commit 1
the Supervisors, and he, tOßethn with
Delany, Haskins, Rottanzi and Devany.
recommended that Holbrook be re
moved from his position as poundmas
4er and Osborn be put in his place.
Rivers further said that he did not
believe that there was a word of truth
in the charge against Delany. and that
he himself would not De a party to such
a proceeding. He was inclined to treat
the affair as a huge joke, and said there
was no-thing in it.
Supervisor Haskins said: "I was not
aware that any such rumor had gained
ground or that the officers of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals had been approached by Su
pervisor Delaney on the matter. If it
proves to be a fact that such a thing
has happened I will be one of the first
to ask for an investigation, in orde^ro
sift the matter to the bottom, and if
the society people listen to any such
offer I would advise that the pound be
NEW TO-DAY. \ :* ;
ANNUAL CLEARANCE
SALE
FURNITURE AND UPHOLSTERY DEPARTMENTS.
Immense line of Furniture Coverings in all grades at Less than Cost.
Fine Silk Tapestry fr
Regular price $5.00 per yard. Reduced to - - $2,50
Silk Bpocatelle w
Regular price $2.50 per yard. Reduced to - - - 31.10
Extra Fine Heavy Weight Double Width Tapestry
Regular price $3.50 yer yard. During sale - - - $l;5O •
Line of Velvet Corduroy
Regular price $1.00 per yard. To close at - - - - .50
Line of India Silks
Regular prices .60 to $1.00 per yard. To close at - .40
5O Sets Eastern Oak
Highly Finished Bedroom Sets .
Regular price— excellent value— s2s.oo per set.
During sale -: - -//:'-,-: -. - - 313.50
50 Sets Eastern Made Hardwood
Highly Finished Bedroom Sets *
! : Regular price $20.00 per set. During sale -"■•■'-:
CARPET DEPARTMENT.
. Great Inducements offered in high pile goods.
Patterns to close at astonishingly low.figures. .
W. &J, SLOANE & CO.; ,
CARPETS, FURNITURE, UPHOLSTERY,
641-647 MARKET STREET,
•.:■:■.. .: i; ; ; :-ISAN FRANCISCO.: :: :: :v X-w>-'":\ •■
taken out of their hands tai^Skving
done so."
May Beach a Stake Winner.
NSW ORLEANS. Jan. 20.— The Premier
stakes for two-year-olds, at three fur
long*, was the feature of to-day's card.
May Btach, the daughter of the old
sprinter. Bobby Beach, showed her quali
ty. She stood a hot drive and won very
cleverly by a half length. The day was
cloudy and the track fair. Gath and
Fred Barr were the only winning favor
ites.
Seven and a half furlongs. Elkin won,
Tranby second, Kitholin third. Time
1:39.
One and a quarter miles. Robert Bon
ner won, I>akeview Palace second Lo
bengula third. Time 2:12.
Premier stakes, three furlongs, May
Beach won. Romany Rye second Rus
sella W'alden third. Time, :37Si.
Handicap, six furlongs, Gath won, J. A.
Grey second, Tabouret third. Time, 1:1634.
Seven and a half furlongs, Fred Barr
won. Harry S second, Hot Stuff third
Time, 1:41.KILLED AS
THE RESULT
OF A FEUD
Oregon Farmer Shot:
by a Neighbor's
Son.
Had Drawn a Revolver]
Evidently to Scare
the Youth.
His Slayer Promptly Exoner
ated at the Coroner's
Inquest.
MORE TROUBLE FEARED.
Brother of the Dead Man Raves Like a
Madman When He Hears
The News.
Special Dispatch »- The Call.
PORTLAND, Or.. Jan. 29.— Paul
Ducleo, a farmer living near McMinn
ville. was shot and killed at 10 o'clock
this morning by Fred Clemens, a young
man 20 years old. The killing was the
result or" an old feud which has in
volved the two families for a long time.
The Coroner's inquest disclosed facts
which are corroborated by the resi
dents of the neighborhood as to the
cause of the shooting. Young Clemens
was summoned and told the story sub
stantially as follows:
' I started to go hunting through the
field to the line between our place and
that of Mackay, and from there I went
down the hill to L. Baker's place,
where I saw Dulceo approaching from
thf direction that I had come from.
When he was within fifty yards of me
egan to abuse me, swearing at me
and threatening to kill me. As he
drew near he pulled off his mittens
and began to iiraw his gun. I tried to
evade him and said that I did not want
to have any trouble with him. Ducleo
k^pt cominir and then began to raise
his srun. When he had raised it to the
level of my head I fired."
The Btory Bema to show that Ducleo
did ma intend to shoot Clemens, but
was trying to intimidate him.
Thf trouble between the Ducleos and
the « "••:r.< ns family nearly reached a cli
max lust fall, when riemens and his
father and the two Ducleo boys were
fighting. Since then the bitterness has
been more intense, and the Ducleo
boys have threatened the lives of the
( 'k-nifMises. Ducleo's revolver was found
by his side, cocked ready for act4on.
The Coroner's jury fully exonerated
Clemens. The latter was perfectly cool
ami told a straightforward story of the
Bhaotlhg. He is a fine-looking young
man »and has a large circle of friends
in WcMfimvflle.
Ducleo was living with his brother
on their farm adjoining the farm of
the Clemens family. When his brother
heard of thp shooting he raved like a
madman, and it is feared that the
P* trouble is not yet at an end. Both the
Clemenses and the Ducleos are well
to do.
COURT-MARTIAL
OF MR. MENOCAL
Charges That Have Been Pre
ferred Against the
Engineer.
Accused of Culpable Inefficiency in
the Performance of Duty and
Neglect of Duty.
:a! Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office. Riggs House.
Washington. Jan. 29.
Secretary T-onp- formally announced to
day that the court-martial of Civil En
.\. G. Menocal will begin on March
7. at the Brooklyn Navy-yard. As has
been foreshadowed the charges upon
which Mr. Menocal will be tried are "cul
pable inefficiency in the performance of
his duty" and "neglect (if duty." ludge
Advocate-General Lemtey is now pre
paring The specifications.
Menocal is expected to reach the
Brooklyn Navy-yard before February
IS. Under orders cabled by the depart
ment he must leave Nicaragua on or be
fore February 10. From what the de
partment has learned .Menocal will ex
plain .hat hf is not responsible as be
was absent when the outer lino of piles
v.:.s driven. The department has secured
menta showing the exact dates upon
4 rhlch the different piles were driven.
There were three other lines, and ac
cording to reports received at the depart
ment these have developed numerous de
fects. Secretary I-ong has not yet deter
mined upon the personnel of the court
Mr. Menocal has the relative rank of
commander, and the officc-rs composing
the court must be senior to him. The rep
resentative of the civil engineer corps
will be Civil Engineer M. T. Endleott.
Menocal'a counsel may object to Mr. En
dicott because he was a member of the
Nicaragua canal committee of 1895 which
fiied charges of "deliberate falsehood"
against Menocal.
Crushed Under a Roller.
HOI,LISTER. Jan. 2f>.— Er/iest Ferris,
a lari of 16, fell in front of a two-ton
roller to-day and was Instantly killed at
Griffith ranch.
ON Wednesday next The Call will present
its readers with an opportunity to secure
a worl^of the utmost IMPORTANCE AND
AUTHORITY. f\ superb set of books upon
whicf) n)ore than $100,000 Y)as been speQt for
the illustratioQS alone. It will be offered at a
low price, but is Qot for sale, except tJ)rougt)
a CALL Club, at any price.
FRIENDLY
FEELING IS
INCREASED
Visit of the Maine to
Havana Has Good
Results,
Captain Sigsbee So Re
ports to the Navy
Department.
American Interests on the Isl
and Have Been Greatly
Benefited.
JINGOES LOSE GROUND.
They Have No Further Reason to
Urvje Interference In the
Cuban Question.
Special Dispatch io The Call.
MADRID, Jan. 29.— 1t Is under
stood here that the Supreme
War Council will sentence Lieu
tenant-General Weyler to two
months' imprisonment, but that
the Government will grant him a
pardon.
NEW YORK. Jan. 29.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
"The Captain General has returned
my visit. Everything Is tranquil. Un
doubtedly the effect of the Maine's vis-
it has been to Increase the friendly
feeling toward the United States. No
restricti'm Is now placed on officers of
the vessel •with respect to going
ashore."
This in effect is the contents of a ca
blegram received at the Navy Depart
ment to-day from Captain C. D. Sips
bee, commanding the battleship Maine,
which is lying in the harbor of Ha*
van a.
The administration authorities were
prepared for this dispatch. I learned
to-day that soon after the arrival of
the Main** in Havana harbor Captain
Sigsbee cabled to the department, stat
ing that the presence of the vessel has
increased the favorable regard felt for
Americans by the Spanish authorities
in Cuba. Furthermore, he has informed
the department that he and the offi
cers under his command have been
treated with the greatest cordiality,
and that every courtesy that could be
desired had been extended to them.
It is felt by the authorities that the
moral effect of the Maine's visit has
been excellent, and will benefit Ameri
can interests, just as Captain Sigsbee's
dispatch indicates it has already done
to some extent.
"With such good results following the
visit of the Maine to Havana, the ad
ministration officials say that the
jingoes of the country and Congress
have no further ground for ureing in
terference by the administration in the
Cuban question. It was said at the
Navy Department that it has not yet
been finally determined when the
Maine will leave Havana, although it
is said to be highly probable that the
vessel will, with the battleship Texas,
represent the navy at the Mardi Gras
festival at New Orleans on February
21. Orders sent by the department to
Rear Admiral Sicard direct him to as
sign two vessels to this duty which shall
reach New Orleans on February 17. As
there is no intention on the part of the
authorities to keep the Maine at Hav
ana more than two weeks, because of
the sanitary condition of the port, it is
expected that she will be relieved by
Rear-Admiral Sicard. her place in Hav
ana harbor being taken by one of the
smaller cruisers.
HOW ARANGUEREN
WAS BETRAYED BY A
TORTURED PRISONER.
Spanish Soldiers Led to the House Where
the Cuban Was Visiting and Indulge
in a Wanton Massacre.
HAVANA (via Key West). Jan. 29.—
The following details of the death of
General Nestor Arangueren, who was
killed fin Thursday last, have been re
ceived: It appears that the column un
der Colonel Aranjare, who had been
operating: in the neighborhood of Cam
po Flnrido, raptured a negro named
Morales, whom they tortured in order
to extort from him information regard
ing the insurgents. For a long time
the prisoner bore the torture, and re
fused to make a statement, but finally,
upon being promised a reward of $500,
he agreed to betray Arangueren.
General Arangueren. the negro said,
was in the habit of visiting the house
of a paciflco, called Cajagal. who lived
in the Tapaste Heights, between the
town of Tapaste and Campo Florido,
with his family, which consisted of his
wife, a grown daughter, of whom Gen
eral Arangueren was enamored, and
several younger children.
Colonel Aranjare, with three col
umns, numbering about 1000 infantry
and cavalry, proceeded under the guid
ance of the negro. Morales, to the hut.
THE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL, SUN DAT, JANUARY 30, 1898.
UNDER ICE TO
THE NORTH POLE
Alfred Riedel of Baltimore Sub
mits a Scheme for Making
the Voyage in a Sub
marine Boat,
NEW YORK. Jan. 29.— A Baltimore special to the Herald says: Al
fred Riedel, a young Baltimorean. held conference to-day with Daniel C.
Oilman, president of the Johns Hopkins I'niversity, and members of
the faculty, with reference to an expedition to the north pole by
means of the liake submarine boats. Aftor listening: to Mr. Riedel's plans
the faculty expressed the opinion that they deserved consideration.
Mr. Riedel explained that after a close study of the reports of sci
entists and explorers he believes that there is no land at the pole, and
that the sea there is not open, and is covered with ice of moderate
thickness. He believes that climatic conditions at the pole are differ
ent from what the popular belief would have them. Because Dr. Nan
sen encountered a bear and other life, he argues there must be open
water, to some extent, for without it their food would not be obtainable.
If these ideas are correct, he says there will be no difficulty in carrying
a boat like the Argonaut, beneath the Ice to the much sought for pole.
He plans that the vessel will be taken to Spitzbergen and there
tried beneath the ice, such changes in the boat as would then be sug
gested being made. From Spitzbergen the boat would proceed along
the path of the Fram to the front, where it was frozen in the ice, which
is estimated about 650 miles from the pole in a direct line.
Submerging the boat at this point, the submarine voyage would
begin. The vessel could proceed 100 mflf»s without the necessity of a
renewal of the air supply. Within this space, it is believed, a clear sea
would be encountered. If it was not. the projector says it would make
no difference. An auger-like screw would be used in such case to
bore a hole through the ice and air could be pumpfd through this into
the storage batteries of the boat, or, if it was necessary, a torpedo
would be fastened to a point under the surface of the ice, the boat
backed away to a safe distance and a hole blown in the ice. The same
tactics could he pursued at the pole.
which they surrounded. When the hut
had been completely surrounded a
squad of men was ordered to advance
cautiously, arriving near the entrance
before being seen. A child about eight
years old was playing outside the door
way, when she discovered the soldiers,
and screaming in alarm ran toward the
hut to Inform the inmates of the pres
ence of the Spanish. A volley from the
squad stretched her lifeless on the
ground, and then a general firing was
ordered by the Spanish commander,
which resulted in the wounding of
Arangueren in the leg. the killing of
his servant and the mortal wounding
of his sweetheart and another woman.
the latter of whom fled toward the
woods and fell dead a short distant
away- Arangueren's sweetheart died
from the effects of her wounds while
being taken to Campo Florido.
Arangueren was in bed when the
Spaniards arrived, and. hearing the
alarm given by the child, ran out of
the hut. only partly dressed, crying,
"I am Arangueren." and apparently
meaning that lie ought not to be killed.
His captors s'izfd him and made a
Close search of his clothing for docu
ments relating to the death of Colonel
Ruiz, whi' h they secured. They also
ohtained a verbid declaration from
their prisoner on the same subject and
then a bullet was fired through his
breast and lie fell. l>ut not dying in
stantly, a bayonet was thrust through
his h<;t'i. the weapon entering near the
mouth, ending his life.
The Spaniards captured a man be
lieved to be the dynamiter of Aran
goeren'fl band, and two boys who said
tho knew the location of the grave of
Colonel Ruiz.
The boys, in charge of a Spanish col
umn, have left f<jr the place where they
say the grave is located.
While Arangueren's death Is consid
ered just vengeance for the execution
of Ruiz, the killing of women and chil
dren when they might have been taken
alive, is generally condemned.
A number of prominent persons at
tended the funeral of General Aran
gueren, wh<> was buried in the private
tomb of his family. Among those who
acted as escort to the body were three
generals of the insurgents In the last
war.
The horse and saddle of Colonel Ruiz
were seized when Arangueren was
killed.
DECLARES THE SPANISH
FLEET IS NOW WHOLLY
UNFIT FOR SERVICE.
Unpleasant Things Said by the Organ of the
Carlists in Discussing the Visit of
the Maine to Havana.
LONDON, Jan. 29.— The Correro, or
gan of the Carlists. discussing the visit
of the United States battleship Maine
to Havana, expresses the belief that th«
Spanish public is justifiably alarmed,
adding: "As a fact, it is the Govern
ment Itself which is seriously alarmed,
though every effort is made to disguise
it. In spite of the official statement of
that, Cervaras, the admiral of the lleet,
on Tuesday last, at a conference with
the Minister of Marine, asserted that
the recent evolutions had demonstrated
the perfected condition of the Spanish
fleet, Admiral Cervaras, in reality, re
ported that there was not a ship ready
fur Ml Vice; that the vessels not actual
ly in drydock ought to be there; that
many of the boilers were defective, and
that some of the ships were not yet
armed, and that most of the vessels
require cleaning. In view of the per
fidy of the United States, it is not sur
prising that such neglect and helpless
ness create alarm."
According to the same paper, great
importance is attached to the confer
ence between M. Pat€notre, the French
Minister to Spain, and Senor (iullon.
the Spanish Minister for Foreign Af
fairs, who, it is said, discussed the ac
tion <<f the United States, "as It is well
known that there is great alarm in
France at the course of events. The
1 fact that M. Patenc-tre is intimately
convei'— lit with United States affairs,
lends additional importance to the mat-
I ter."
MURDERED AND
EATEN BY RATS
The Shocking Fate of a
Mother and Her
Daughter.
Found Mutilated and Their
Bodies Frozen at Their
Home.
Several Men Arrested on Suspicion
of Having Committed the Fiend
ish Crime.
Special Dl«i-. ( h to The Call.
BI T RLINGAME. In* a. Jan. 29 —
Frightfully mangl. ; ,mo eaten by rats,
the body of Mrs. Fanny Rathburn was
found frozen in a pool of blood on the
floor of her cellar this afternoon. Near
by was a bloody ax. in the bedroom
abova her 12-year-old daughter was
found dead and frozen, with her throat
eat, and with every evident •> of having
been criminally assaulted. Life had
been extinct for a week.
Mrs. Rath burn lived In a frame house
in an isolated district. She was a
widow with two children, Mary the
murdered girl, and Frank, who is in
th»- reform school at BSdora, lowa For
a week the neighbors had noticed a
deserted appearance about the house
but »upposed the women had gone on
a visit to Greenbay Township, twelve
miles south of the city, where they oc
casionally visited.
To-day a messenger boy called at
the house and found the front door
standing ajar and snow drifted in upon
the carpet. He told a neighboring wo
man of the fart and she told Charles
Patterson, who went to »he house and
entered.
Nothing seemed wrong until he
opened the door into the cellar, when
he was confronted with the horrible
sight of Mrs. Rathburn lying dead and
frozen in a pool at blood on the floor.
A bloody ax stood near. Turning from
the sickening tight Patterson pursued
his investigation till he arrived at a
small bedroom off the parlor, where
he found Mary's dead body on the floor
near the bed, with h»r throat cut. The
appearance of her clothing, which was
torn, and of the bed, which was cov
ered with blood, indicated that a dread
ful struggle had been enacted, and that
the purpose of murder was to assault
the girl. Four or five men are under
arrest, one. Abe Storms, and a brother
who both live near where the woman
visited south c* town, are charged with
the crime, having been seen at the
house Sunday night last. It Is said
Mrs. Rathburn had refused them the
house several times, and had said she
was afraid they would kill her. The
most damaging clew is a black and
white necktie, which the girl had torn
from the neck of her assailant. Every
effort is being made to fasten the guilt
on the right parties.
PLANNED TO ROB
THE OVERLAND
Outlaw Kennedy's Project De
feated by the Falling of
His Horse.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KANSAS CITY. Jan. 29. -The Journal
this momlng prints a remarkable inter
view with John F. Kennedy, the alleged
train r<>l>t>or, who was found on the street
Friday night in an Unconscious condition.
wearing false whisk, rs and having in
his possession a mask, a red lantern a
shotgun, a n-volver. ammunition and all
the other accoutrements for train rob
berjr. The Journal says that in nn inter
view with a Journal reporter Kennedy
freely admitted that he and his associ
ates had planned to hold up and rob me
Vnlon Pacific west-bound overland train
which leaves here at 7:30 o'clock in the
evening, and that they had been given a
tip that the train would carry over $60 in*)
in treasure. The point selected, accord
ing to this story, was about six miles out
of the city, on tli<- Kansas side of the
line, near Muncie station, which was the
scene of one of Jesst- James' exploits.
The plan, according to Kennedys al
leged statement, was to rob the train and
K»-t back Into the city before the "flat
ties, " as Kennedy designated the police
could be notified that anything had hap
pened. Kennedy would not reveal the
name of the man who was riding with
him when his horse fell and threw him.
The police are at a. loss to know what
to do with Kennedy, who is still detained
It Is probable, however, that he will be
prosecuted for carrying concealed weap
ons and vagrancy.
DARK PAGE
IN HANCOCK'S
LIFE HISTORY
The Revolutionary
Patriot Was an
Embezzler.
Failed to Account for the
Harvard College
Funds.
Finally Ousted From His Posi
tion as Treasurer of the
Institution.
A FOE OF WASHINGTON.
His Greatest Desire Was to Be the
Colonial Army's Commander
in-Chief.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Jan. 29.— A startling his
torical discovery has just been made
here, showing that John Hancock, the
famous patriot and merchant prince,
was not only an embezzler, but a bitter
enemy of George Washington. His let
ter book, just found, shows the follow
ing facts:
A typical instance of his yearning for
power was his desire to be commander
in-chief of the Continental Army. It
is probable that he never forgave
George Washington for having been
appointed to this post, and thus car
ried off the military glory which Han
cock really believed to be within his
own reach. The well-known and scru
pulous exactitude which Washington
exhibited in financial matters was In
marked contrast to the methods of
Hancock. The latter's career, as treas
urer of Harvard College, instances
these methods. Its history is most
readily accessible, and it was hoped his
letter-book would cast some condoning
light upon it, if this indeed be possible
in the face of the many records and
letters still extant.
In 1 7 7 :> the college corporation elected
Hancock as treasurer. He qualified and
received the college funds, but at the
proper time he rendered no account.
When he continued in default a meet
ing between him and the corporation
was appointed for March 21, 1775. On
that day, instead of Hancock and his
accounts, came a letter from him. No
accounts or payments were forthcom
ing then or thereafter, though often
asked for, and, moreover, Hancock
caused all the papers and securities to
be taken across country from Boston
to Philadelphia, where they were at
great hazard from the enemy.
At last the college, in great and war
ranted fear of losing not only the in
come but the principal of its funds,
sent a messenger for the securities, be
cause Hancock, pressed in the most
delicate but urgent manner, refused to
resicn. He was removed from his of-
Bee .is treasurer in 1777.
Meanwhile, the college funds had
been much reduced in value, but this
loss the college was willing to assume,
and even to pay Hancocks salary dur
ing his term of office. It sought noth
ing but an accounting, which it prayed
for in the most humble and patient
manner, though its rights and necessi
ties would have justified far different
language.
Hancock became angry at the college.
Constant attempts at settlement were
made by the college, and votes were
passed to put Hancock's borfd as treas
urer in suit, but nothing more was
done, especially when Hancock became
Qo*etnor, and as such presided over the
meeting of the overseers of the college.
Hancock's incumbency and his offices
prevented his prosecution, which would
otherwise have followed; but his con
tinued resentment undoubted'y caused
much of the coldness which, during his
administration, grew up between the
commonwealth and the college, which
had hitherto been closely allied.
When about to resign his Governor
ship until the troubles culminating in
Kay's rebellion should blow over, he
settled an account acknowledging an
indebtedness on his part of over £1000.
Two years after Hancock's death, his
h<irs paid nine years' simple interest.
and in six or seven years the principal
of the bond was liquidated.
Hancock left a large estate, much of
which was in cash or its equivalent.
The most charitable view to take of his
conduct is that of President Quincy —
that the causes of his unjustifiable neg
lect were his great wealth and his un
bounded popularity. These accidents
of fortune, together with his peculiar
temperament, doubtless led him to feel
that he was above the law and the ob
ligations binding ordinary persons, and
thus h^ was seduced into pecuniary
slackness. This was manifested also
in other pai •t'l-jla;!'.
JURORS FAIL TO AGREE.
Eight Were for Acquitting Westlake on the
Charge of Embezzlement.
SALINAS. Jan. 29— The jury In the
Westlake embezzlement case could not
agree and was discharged this morning
by Judge Dorn. The case was given to
the jury yesterday afternoon at 5 o'clock.
The vote stood eight for acquittal and
font for conviction.
Charles Westlake w.is indicted last Sep
tember on live charges of embezzlement
of county license money to the amount of
about $i-UOO. He was* Tax t'ollee-tor of
Monterey County for two terms. On the
first charge, which was tried last month,
he was acquitted.
HARVEST ON FOUND GUILTY.
Third Conviction in the Plyler Mayhem
Case at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. Jan. 29.-The jury this
afternoon brought in a verdict of guilty
in the Constable Joseph Harveston case.
The jury was out for an hour, and three
bulfc>ts wen- taken. Harvcston was dazed
When the verdict was announced as he
had expected an acquittal. This makes
the third conviction in the Plyler atroc
ity. Harveston will be sentenced on Feb
ruary 7.
NEW TO-DAY. •
CONSUMPTION
To the Editor : I have an absolute C uVc for
CONSUMPTION and all Bronchial, Throat and
Lung Troubles, and all conditions of Wasting
Away. By its timely use thousands of apparen*-
ly hopeless cases have been permanently cured.
So proof-nositive am I of its power to cure, I
will send I- REE to anyone afflicted. THREE
BOTTLES of mv Newly Discovered Remedies,
upon receipt of Express and Postoffice address.
Alway3 sincerely vonrs,
T. A. SLOCUM. M.C., iBi Pearl St.. New York.
Wban writing tne Doctor, plttw mention thw paper.
NEW TO-DAY.
Our Folder on Alaskan
Outfits Free for the asking,
!
The Pliams Drop
let© Oiar Lap!
We have been doing nothinf but outfitting the whole week.
The comm ittees from several parties who have been investigating
the best place to outfit, after shopping from house to house for
nearly a week, cnn • into our house to-day and bought their
complete outfits from us. Ts not that evidence enough that oivr
prices are right .' that cur goods arc the best f And uack of it all
you have our reputation for reliability. Own is nit a, sample
line. If V earn/ everything i?>, stock.
The best things to wear, the best thing* to eat, the best things
'■' in cooking utensjl*, the practical filings, the things that j/ou'll
' need yon cm >Jet from. at. Inn don't liarr to go out of our house
for a single article. We are complete outfitters.
You want to take a look at our windows to-day. They'll show
yon some glimpses of Alaskan mining and the things, the practi-
cal things you'll require. Two windows, our corner window and
the window round the corner.
O-IJ -13-15 KEARNY !ST.
Two Entire BuUdinfs — 8 Floors.
Frisco's Largest and Most Popular Outfitting Establishment.
MEN WHO AREJOT REAL MEN
Thousands of men, in all walks of life, vainly
try to hide a humiliating weakness which
shows upon them, in spite of all they can do — ,
a secret, shameful affliction that has deprived ]
them of True Manhood, or which is rapidly .
dragging them to that awful condition. To
such unfortunates Dr. Meyer & Co.. 731 Market ;
street, extend a helping hand, offer new life, ;
new ambitions, youthful powers, With all their ■
attendant pleasures.
fit,
THE CURSE OF NERVQUS DEBILITY.
The appalling results of this deplorable afflic-
tion are numerous. Every year it sends thous-
ands of men to the insane cpylum or mad-
house, and' annually rills a Large number of
suicides' graves. Men of all mset and all walks
of. life feel its remorseless grip upon their very
vitals and seek vainly for relief.
NO MONEY REQUIRED TILL CURE
IS EFFECTED.
If you cannot visit the city, write for Free
Advice, Symptom Blanks and a Private Book
for Men. All correspondence confidential. No
printing on envelopes or packages. • •'■^i-',:
DR. MEYER & CO.,
Specialists fop Men of the
ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS.
731 MARKET ST.,
Hours, 8 to 5; Evenings, 7 to 8; Sundays, 9
to 11.
PClit«hc«t«r' English minor.) Brand
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-^Tjv Original and Only Genuine. a
.^M-i^SsC. D™*?'" n»r"C»fe»wt«r"« Englia\ 7«o/^k\
£J4>lj>pQtfcinorjßr-,n.i in Met i;X'ai«i{|^?\jß)
Ck —^BW'wxft. iled with bin* rlbboa. Cuke W
'Pi *^ Wi" 0 other. 7fr,A „ d ajiff-ro'i.t 'tihitUv V
I / flf «••»« «"<* im.-taMaiw. AtDrn?!;w;i.or«-id4«.
*** J9 "Relief for pwticu:»ri. U.tir. I>t r-tnr»
•«.^* D "Krilcf for I.adlf*," intettrr,\>r r-torn
»V _&_. MalL l«.«OOTr«timool«l.. mZmsSZr.
«H to «U Lor*l C&cmleal Co., M n.11.0n *. ,rm,
AUCTION !r! r
REAL ESTATE, ; q
Probate, Partition, Foreclosure and
Commissioners Sale,
MONDAY, JANUARY 3 1st, 1808.
At 12 o'clock M.
At Snle*rooin, 14 Montgomery Street* ■
the Following Properties: . J'
PARTITION SAI E.
Fnnthfut corner of Driimm and Cqnimercisl streets %
Old improvements; rents $124.50, 30xj8with an L 25x29:9.
PARTITION SALE.
South line of Mission street,7s feet westerly from Fin*
street; iiDproirinents used for manufacturing purposes;
portion of lot unin. proved; «ire, 96:3x50.
PARTITION SALE.
90S T)eTi«adero street,b«tween GoldenQate arenueand
McAllister street; elegant new modern residence of 13
rooms and bath, including billiard room, laundry, etc.;
25x100,
• PARTITION SALE.
Market and 15th streets; fine business lot; southMMt
corner of Market <od 15th streets; 50x100.
COMMISSIONER'S SALE.
By order of P. P. Skelly, Commissioner of the estate
of Mary A. Ko<lßers, deceased; 3 lota, southwest corner
of Pierce and Filbert streets, as a whole or in subdivis-
ions: sizes, 37:6x112:6 and 2 each 23 by 112:6. '
TO CLO-K AN ESTATE. -
Northwe3t corner of Third and Silver streets; improTe-
m-. iits,«u!>stantial brick building, stores and flats on 3rd
street, store and «at on corner and three flats on Silver
street: rents, »2.% per month; "5x75.
THKO. L SCHELL ESTATE.
2107-7 H Webster street.btt.we<n Sacramento and Clay
Btre<-ts; 1' flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents. $33 per
month; 23x30:6, to an alley. '^ P
TIIKO. L. SCHELLKSTATE.
Asa Whole or in Subdivision.
• I— Northeast corner of Broadway and Octavia street;
residence of . ruomaanu bath; rent.S3o per month;4!xlOO.
2— Lot east side of OctaTia street. 100 feet north of
Broadway; 25x112:6.
MICHAKI. n.\r.T ESTATE.
40 Natoroa street, between First and Second streets;
3-story and basement of 14 rooms; 34x75; lent, $30.
MARGABET TOUHKT ESTATE.
1121 Treat avenue, between 24tb arid 25th streets; sot-
t»g<_ of 4 rooms; 25x112.6.
MUST RE SOLD.
3150 Mis3tou street, west side, 40 feet north of Brook
street, fronting on Mission street and old San Jose road;
cottace of ' rooms; mortgace, «000, Hiberuia Bant.caa
remain; large lot, 60x173, irregular.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE
■ Fine Mission bafldfng lot; west line of Not street; SI
feet south of Henry; street bitcminized; 25x96.
GOOD INV*STME^TON LINE OF
ItOOEKI CX STREET.
Between Sacramento »nd Clay streets" ; old hocse of 5
rooms and uut-rmiMincs: lot 53:i)ixU0 feet ■; street ac-
ceptpd; stone sidewalk laid ; convenient to several line*
of cars; magnificent location for flats, .
INSIDE CORNER.
Northeast corner of Facific and Jones streets ; donbla
cottar of 6 and 5 rooms and bath each; rent, 136- 45x60*
good corner for bakery or confectioner. - ' '
Further particulars, catalogue, eta, cheerfully dvea
atcuroßc-*. - » •■ —
O. H. UMBSEN * CO., Auctioneers.
14 Montgomery iHreai.
34
AT THE MERCY
OF BOODLERS
Raids on the San Jose
Treasury Not Yet
Checked.
Four Councilmen Who Are
Not in Accord With the
People.
Vote Solidly on All Deals and Brazenly
Set Mayor Koch's Veto at
Naught.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PAN JOSE, Jan. 29.— San Jose is at
the mercy of its boodle Councilmen,
end unless drastic measures are adopt
ed to check them in their extravagance
they will have looted the treasury dur
ing the next two months that they are
to be in office. At present there is $53,
r>."7 in the city treasury, and the four
Councilmen have evidently banded
themselves together for the purpose of
spending all of this they can get their
hands on. Never before have Council
men of this city so recklessly expended
the people's money, and never before
have charges of boodle been so openly
made.
The disclosures of Irregularities in
city affairs, made by The Call some
weeks ago, is being verified. At that
time the local press took the part of
the city officials, but now the work of
the Council has become so "rank" that
the papers and people of the Garden
City are on the verge of taking steps
to remove the four Councilmon before
the treasury Is entirely depleted.
A few months ago the Council was
divided— Fay and Nolting on one side
and King and Dittus on the other.
While they thus opposed each other,
nothing 1 was accomplished, and theciti
zens felt that the treasury was secure,
as, thus divided, it was impossible for
them to vote away the money. But the
four Councilmen patched up their dif
ferences a few weeks ago, and now all
Is serene at their meetings. They vote
solidly on all questions, and announce
insolently that if Mayor Koch vetoes
their jobs they will pass them over his
head.
The first outrageous act of these four
worthies after combining to plunder
the <ity was the awarding of the street
sweeping contract. In this it was in
tended to mulct the city to the sum of
about $4000 a year for three years. The
Council railed for bids for doing the
work and received five. They were
from L. Hewlett, Richard Farrell, M.
C. Cheney, Nash & Blcßeynolds and D.
A. Bollinper and Thomas F.odley.
L. Hewlett's bid was the lowest, and
Nash & Mcßeynolds the highest. The
two bids were as follows:
Nash <fc lCcHeynolds— .oQ62BS coins per
square yard per month, six tlm< s a week
for two-year contract; .002641 three timei
c. week. Two per cent discount for a con
tract for three years. These contractors
promise not to send any 01 the money
out of San Jose.
L. Hewlett— .oo397s cents per square j
yard per month, six times a week, two
year contract; one-half of the above
amount f<T three times a week. Two per
cent off for three-year contract.
Instead of awarding the bid to L.
Hewlett, the lowest bidder, the Coun
cil, by unanimous vote, gave It to
Nash & Mcßeynolds. The only reason
it gave for its action was that Hewlett
was only a speculator bidder, but this
is not so. Anyhow, there were the
bids of Richard Farrell, M. <\ Cheney
and Bellinger & Bodley, all lower than
the figures of Nash & Mcßeynolds, and
they are all residents of this city and
taxpayers.
Under the present contract the city
sweeping is done for $395 a month. The
contract was let three years ago to L.
Hewlett, but a few months later the
contract was transferred to Nash &
Mcßeynolds by Hewlett. The bills
each month are made out in Hewlett's
name, but Nash & Mcßeynolds draw
the money. At that figure there are
euch profits In the street sweeping that
Nash & Mcßeynolds pay Hewlett $75
a month for the contract. This leaves
them $520 a month, and this is con
sidered a good price and one from
which a fair profit can be realized.
Under the contract recently awarded
them it would cost the city about 14000
a year more than under the old con
tract.
It was plain that some one was going
to get that extra $4000 if the contract
stood.
Following right on this the Council
decided to let a contract for a new fire
alarm system. Bids were called for
and figures were submitted by the
Gamewell Company and the United
States Police and Fire Alarm Com
pany. The United States company's
bid was for $2400, not including $200
worth of extras that would be needed.
The Gamewell Company's bid was
$3300. Instead of going according to
the bids the Council gave the contract
to the Gamewell Company for $3900.
The four Councilmen — Fay, Dittus,
King and Nolting — at first wanted to
give the bid to the Gamewell company
at $3300, but Mayor Koch refused to
sign the contract. Bids were then
called for. and after receiving a bid
from the same company for $3300, they
awarded the Gamewell company the
contract for $3900, $600 above its bid,
This would not be the only cost of the
fire alarm system, for the city would
have to be rewired and new batteries
purchased at the cost of additional
thousands of dollars.
It is believed that $1000 of the $3900
contract awarded to the Gameweil
company was to be placed where it
would do the most good. The contract
ls now in the hands of the Mayor.
The latest job is the making of ar
rangements for the purchase of a com
bination chemical engine and hose cart.
The price ls understood to be $2500. The
arrangements are all completed, and
before the wave of Indignation swept
over the city it was agreed that the
resolution for the purchase of the ma
chine should be introduced next Mon
day night.
Mayor Koch stated to The Call repre
sentative to-day that he positively
would veto the street sweeping con
tract, which would be returned to the
Council Monday night. The fire alarm
contract will receive the same treat
ment at his hands.
Although the Council has boldly as
serted that it will pass these over the
Mayor's head. It is thought it will not
dare to in the face of public opinion. If
the officials do, it ls stated that the
New Charter Club will take steps look
ing to their removal. Not only that
but Mayor Koch says that he himself
will stop them in their rash expendi
tures by injunction. This desire by
Mayor Koch to hold the thrifty four in
check is meeting the approval of the
citizens, and in whatever action he
takes he will be strongly backed.
The four Councilmen have but a lit
tle over two months yet in office be
fore the new charter goes Into effect,
and five new Counrilmen are to be
elected. The time is short, and the of
ficials seem bent on making hay while
the sun shines.
LIBELS A SHIP
FOR HIS WAGE
Seaman Hindsgaul, How
ever, Fails to Win
His Suit.
It Is Decided That Ho Could
Not Draw Pay While
in Prison.
Was Detained in Australia for As
saulting the Lyman D. Fos
ter's Master.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. Jan. 29.— 1n the Federal
Court yesterday Judge Hanford ren
! dered a decision on a point that has
no parallel in the history of marine
practice. It was set forth in dismiss
ing tho libel of Seaman Nil R. Hinds
paul against the schooner Lyman D.
Foster.
Hindsgaul is a resident of San Fran
cisco, and on December 11, 1^96. made
arrangements with Captain D. O. Kill
man of the schooner Lyman D. Foster
to make a cruise with him as first
mate. Hindsgaul went from San Fran
cisco to Port Hadlock, where the
schooner was anchored loading lum
ber, and on December 14, 1898, was
shipped under duly signed articles to
go to Freemantle. West Australia, and
back to some port in the United Statt-s,
at a salary of $50 per month. It was
stipulated that the cruise was not to
exceed sixteen months.
Passing over the merits of the case,
it can be stated positively that when
the schooner arrived in the bay at
Freemantle, Captain Killman and Mate
Hindsgaul had a row. Htndsgaul
claimed that the captain hit htm with
a heavy marine glass, while the cap
tain claims that Hindsgaul struck him
on the eye, inllicting an ugly cut,
which was sewed up by a Burgeon.
Captain Killman made complaint to
the American consular agent. The case
was then taken before the resident
British Magistrate, who issued a war
rant for Hindsgaul's arrest on tfv>
charge of assault. Hindsgaul was tried,
convicted and sentenced to twelve
weeks in jail. The consular agent de
manded of Captain Killman the wages
due Hindsgaul up to the time he was
convicted. Captain Killman paid the
amount due and took the agent's re-
ceipt.
Before Hindsgaul was released from
prison the schooner sailed on her re
turn trip. After Hindsgaul was re
leased he returned to the United States
at an expense, according to his claim,
of $1)35. His lawyer instituted a libel
against the schooner Foster to recover
the amount of wages alleged to be due
Hindsgaul on his uncompleted contract
with the Foster. He also asked to be
reimbursed for the money spent in re
turning to the I'nited States.
After the evidence and argumentshad
been heard yesterday Judge Hanford
rendered his decision. He said that
the certificate of the consular agent,
with seal, establishing payment to the
consular agent of the wages due Hlr.ds
gaul up to the time he was convicted,
was equivalent to payment to the li
belant. The libelant having placed
himself in a position, through his own
act, where he could not complete his
contract, the ship was not responsi
ble for the unearned wages.
In dismissing the lihel Judge Han
ford taxed the costs of the suit to the
HhHant, who, however, is without
money and not a responsible person.
FRACTIOUS HORSE
CAUSES A DEATH
Farmer Jacob Gettels of Butte
County Killed Near
Chico.
His Neck Broken ln a Highway Col
lision Occasioned by a Run
a wa y.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICO, Jan. 2i».— Jacob Gettels was
killed and George Turner ba<lly injured
in a runaway accident near here this af
ternoon. Both hailed from Nord, Butte
County. Dr. J. Kllis Rodney, the Mayor
of ("hico. who witnessed the accident,
■aid that he had just turned into a lane
leading to Chico when he ww a horse
hitched to a cart coming toward him at
a K'lllop. He did not realize that the
horse was running away until it wa.s
within twenty yards of him, and then he
endeavored to turn out so that It could
pass him. The lane is very narrow at
this point. In the cart were two men,
who seemed unable to manage thf> fran
tic horse. In passing two rigs col
lided and both were upset. Gettels an.l
Turner went out on the one side and Dr.
Rodney on the other. Both vehicles were
demolished.
The doctor was not badly Injured, an.l
hurried to the assistance of the other two
men. He frmnd that Gettels' neck was
broken. Turner was um-onscious, but
waa sw.n revived. Word was sent to
Chico ami the dead man and his com
panion were conveyed to town.
Gettels was a well-known farmer liv
ing at Nord. A widow, four sons and two
daughters survive him.
THE MACKAY MAUSOLEUM
TO BE LIGHTED AND HEATED.
In Additiori to the Electric Appliances There
Will Be an Altar Where a Priest Will
Say Requiem Mass Daily.
NEW YORK, Jan. 29.— Permission has
been granted to the Electric Illuminating
Company for the placing of wires to sup
ply an electrical current to light and heat
the Mackay mausoleum in Greenwood
Cemetery. The plans for the use of the
current are on a scale commensurate
with the magnificence of the mausoleum
The expenditure to supply this equipment
to the tomb will be Immi-nsc. All the
wirea are to be kept out of sight and the
glolies are to shed only a pale light The
t' tnperature will be regulated no as to
barely take off the chill of the tomb An
altar also will be erected in the mauso
leum and a priest will be assigned to ray
requiem mass there every day. That this
may be done, although Greenwood is not
a Catholic cemetery, special dispensation
lias been obtained.
SUCCUMBS TO AN
ATTACK OF PNEUMONIA.
Death of Lord Sackviile Arthur Cecil, Half
Brother of the Marquis of Salisbury
and a Noted Railway Manager.
LONDON, Jan. Lord Sackvllle Ar
thur Cecil, half-brother of the Marquis
of Salisbury, died to-day from pneu
monia.
tJfE* Seville Arthur Cecil was born
m 1648. He WaS f neral manager of the
Great Eastern railroad from IS7B to 1880
and genera manager of the Metropolitan
District railway from 1880 to 1885.
THE SAX FRAXC ISCO CALT,, SUXDAY, JANUARY 30, 1898.
TRAIN PLUNGES
INTO A DITCH
A Disaster in Maine in
Which Two Lives
Are Lost.
Provincial Express Wrecked
and Six Cars Wholly
Demolished.
With the Mercury Thirty Degrees
Bslow Zero, Rescue Work Is
Greatly Hindered.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OLD TOWN, Me.. Jan. 29*— The St.
John train No. 9, known as the Pro
vincial express, was wrecked in the cut
at Orono Basin Mills at 3:35 o'clock
this afternoon, and six cars, including
the smoker, were turned over into the
ditch. One of the passenger cars, in
which were a Jarge number of per
sons, was almost entirely demolished.
Two persons were killed and more than
a score injured, several probably fa
tally.
The dead are: Jennie S. Murray, St.
Stephen, N. B. ; Mrs. D. Cunningham,
Troy, Me.
The seriously injured are: Daniel
Cunningham, iTOjr, :«!<■., badly crushed
about the head and legs, will die; How
ard L. Maddux. Skowhegan, Me., stu
dent at University of Maine, fracture
of skull, may die; Stanley Bean. Ber
lin Falls. N. 11.. compound fracture of
skull, will probably die.
The deep snow and intense cold —
for it was M decrees below zero this
morning— greatly hindered the rescue
work.
The injured were carried into Omno.
The townspeople threw open their
houses and the village inn was turned
into a hospital. As fast as the injured
were attended by the surgeons they
were sent to the Bangor Hospital on
a special train.
MRS. BALDWIN AND A
"MR. DEACON" SAIL AWAY.
So It Is Rumored That the Woman Has Be
come Reconciled to Her Former Hus
band. Who Killed M. Abe/lie.
NEW YoHK. Jan. 29.— 0n the pass
enger list of the French line steamer
La Champagne which sailed to-day for
Havre, were the names of Mrs. Bald
win, two children and two maids. Fur
ther down the list was the name of
"Mr. Deacon. " Although it is impossi
ble to obtain the actual facts in the
it is believed that "Mr. Deacon"
is none other than Edward Parker Dea
con, and that the Mrs. Baldwin is his
former wife, who has been living under
that name. A short time ago it was ru
mored that the Deacons had become
reconciled.
Deacon shot and killed M. Abellle in
France several years ago, and the case
became a cause cele.bre throughout the
world. The steamship officers say that
the man Deacon is W. H. Deacon, and
not Edward Park_r Deacon.
I ;.\ Rj , .■■* I ii » *' iv*^ a s*'^' \ ~~* 1^ * ''/' *"* "^ "v'^x i^ k^ *** J^^^ —^6^. iir ill - * *ii **r "^* i'
Life is a joke, a joy, a sorrow or a burden, just as you '^^^^^^SL^^^ 'r^
will. He who frets and fumes, he who knocks his head ffl*T JMi " B'i|St?f
against a stone wall and pines and moods becomes a puny, JSk'^mMl JSftiiii 1
melancholy, miserable creature. He who puts his best foot Mm j^m'^M^^-'M : ~'^ "■^! "ii '%
forward, breasts the stream, looking steadily on yonder bank ff liliipiP • ' ~^ ft^ftw X
as he manfully forces his way, is the man who wins in the end. /^^^^^M^^^JMm^W^^''' K^^^^^ '
You can't be in the pink of perfection, in the actual life, r
if you permit your appetites to control you. No, you must X # '^^^^^^^Mi *>*%^H;
stop some time, and why not stop just in time? The fellow \" ,£t - -W^k ' MBI '
who tries to be the glass of fashion or the proud boast of the '*m*gSsjm-^ ' ' '( fjHfJ w§^
crowd soon falls by the wayside and becomes a wreck. True ' * Wm
manliness comes from a constant watching out and a constant restraint. Those who have abused the better part
of their life in dissipation, late hours and recklessness must cry halt before it is too late. It is opportune now to
tr/nvl?t., r e XtL e f l me H' 7 Udy v,",. T ! li , S IS a dOCtOr ' S discove| -y- The process of manufacture is unknown
to any but the doctors of the Hudson Medical Institute. Hudyan will not cure consumption, but it cures those
weak bodies that usually end ,n consumption. Hudyan stops the waste at once. It arrests just as quickly as the
policeman, and when you are in Hudyans grip your chances of long life, barring accidents, are good
Nervon, D y e a bnitv r S n StiO / Vitalit^ *"*"'"£ of Blood to the Head, Dizziness; Falling Sensations, Melancholia,
fnhTsn! « VhP R J P D° n ' . °1 S °tv '*?*' PainS in the Back ' Pains in the Side ' Weakness in the Loins, Pains
in the Small of the Back, Pains in the Shoulder Blades. Hudyan cures. Never doubt that it is sure to cure you
rave written on rhlr d ° f 20,000 men. These men can be reached, too. They are not up in Klondike. These men
have written on white paper, with ink, what they think of Hudyan. They are strong men Do you wish to read
mSn als wmbe maileSto 1 S"^" W J" be Sh ° W " tO yOU If you cannot oil, Circulars and Testi=
Tret^estTmonialT " dS ° n dd ° ° rS free V See these doctors if you can. If not, write for
BIT OF BLOOD You ma say'a y' What is in a bit of blood? The answer is. A history
d/ T r\l=< 191 i^i^r-k" _or your^condition. You are suffering from Blood Poison, from
*-*' ' V* L3l—\J\JD. — tainted blood, from a blood disorder known in three stages. What
BIT OF BLOOD are y° u doing for yourself? Is your trouble in the first, secondary or
Have you ,nnk v^n n « iv* *v . • sta 2 e? Hav e you a bad. thick tongue, glandular lumps?
In Sodavs^vou «S ll^tl w*f doctors havea 30-day cure for Blood Poison In 30 days the poison is arrested,
in jv aays you get results. Write for 30-day circulars Consult Hudson" doctors free. -f
Ulinonil ifrninn iiiatitiii'p ■« ■ . a-. ". .... _.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, Market, Stockton and Ellis Streets.
LOST HIS SACK
OF VIRGIN GOLD
Klondiker Stanley of Se
attle Poorer by Twenty
Nuggets.
Story of a Robbery Committed
Months Ago Just Made
Public.
Treasure Carelessly Left on a Bureau
Found Missing by Its
Owner.
Pperlal Dlpr."t'h to The Call.
SEATTLE. Jan. 29.— The detectives of
this city have about given up the
search for a weighty bag of gold nug
gets that disappeared some months
ago. The loss of twenty magnificent
nuggets, brought down from the Klon
dike by William If. Stanley, has Just
been made public. These specimens
were part of ihe $112,000 brought last
July on the treasure steamer Portland.
It was in March. 1896, that Stanley
first set sail for the golden Mecca. He
returned to Seattle on July 18. and went
to the bosom of his family, taking with
him his little sack of gold nuggets,. the
bulk of his treasure being placed in a
vault. When he drew that ordinary
buckskin sack with its twenty speci
men* of virgin gold from his pocket
and exhibited it to his family and
frlenda there were murmurs of won
drous surprise.
Afler a while the novelty of carry
ing around chunks of the precious met
al \\<>re off. It was not necessary to
guard them with Winchester rifles.
Stanley relaxed his vigilant watch over
the nuggets and left them in a little
box on a bureau one morning in the
early part of August, and thought
nothing more of them until he decided
to show a friend the relics of his search
in a land of frozen sand, which finally
resulted in making him a millionaire.
With a smile on his face he went after
the nuggets. When he reached for
them they were not there. As the
rouph characters of Dawson City had
vanished from the face of the earth,
never to be heard of again, so had
Stanley's golden nuggets taken wings
and sailed away.
The best detectives have worked on
the cue, but the mystery remains un
■olved, and all that Stanley has to re
mind him of his golden baubles is a
picture which he had taken of his
treasure.
NORWAY AND SWEDEN ARE
ON THE VERGE OF WAR.
Tension Fast Approaching the Snapping
Point and the Arming of Both Par
ties Progresses on the Frontier.
LONDON', Jan. 29.— The news from
Christlania on Friday last that the com
mittee appointed to draw up proposals
for the better regulation of the relations
between Norway and Sweden has been
unable to reach an agreement indicates
that the tension between Sweden and
Norway is fast approaching: the snapping
point, and it is stated that on the frontier
the arminp of both parties is rapidly pro
gressing, both sides preparing for war.
THE CORONA
MAY BE SAVED
Damage to the Vessel Not
as Great as Was
Reported.
It Is Thought She Can Be Raised
and the Cargo Got From
Her Hold.
News Brought From the North of
the Sinking of the Ferry
boat Alaska.
Special Dispatch to The CalL .'
SEATTLE, Jan. 29.— Later reports
from the wreck of the steamer Corona
indicate that the vessel is not so badly
damaged as at first reported. After
she struck she was six hours in filling,
which would indicate that the damage
to her bottom was not so great as had
been surmised. Her bow is on the
rock, her stern only being submerged.
It is now believed that unless greater
damage is sustained through heavy
: seas the vessel can be raised and again
put in commission. It is believed that
her freight and baggage will be saved,
though in a damaged condition.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 29.-The
steamer Danube which arrived here
early this morning from ■ Alaska
brought news of mishaps to three ves
sels in northern waters. In addition
to the wreck of the steamer Corona al
ready reported, she brought confirma
tory news of the report that the steam
er Coquitlam of Vancouver had run
upon a rock south of Fort Wrangel The
Coquitlam was not floated until a part
of her cargo was jettisoned. She re-«
mained on the rock about five hours.
When met by the Danube at Fort
Wrangel, the Coquitlam was taking
from fifteen to twenty, inches of water
an hour. The pumps were able to
keep the water down and the captain
of the Coquitlam proposed to continue
his trip to the mouth of the Stickeen
: River.
The third accident was the sinking
of the little ferry-boat Alaska, which
runs from Fort Wrangel to the Stic
keen River. The Alaska settled down
on some rocks with the falling of the
tide, and several holes were punched
in her side. She was towed off, but
sunk in deep water. No lives were
lost.
In his report to Messrs. Rithet & Co
local agents of the Pacific Coast Steam
ship Company, Captain Pierce of the
wri-c ked Corona says:
"The steamer Corona, under my com
mand, struck on an uncharted reef on
the southeast end of Lewis Island on
Monday morning. She ia hard and
fast, stern under water, for<=>hold dry
at low water; passengers and livestock
landed and made as comfortable as
possible while awaiting steamer A!-Ki.
which is due in about twelve hours, f
do not think the ship is badly dam
aged, as she was six hours filling.
"O. H. PIERCE, Master."
ORDERED BACK TO PORT.
PAN DIEGO, Jan. 29.— The monitor
Monad nock crossed the bar at 12:50
p. m., bound for Magdalena Bay for
target practice and forty minutes later
! Captain Clark of the Monterey re
| ceived a telegram from the department
j at Washington ordering him to inter
| cept the Monadnock and bring her
j back to port. It was then too late to
j do this, so Captain Clark reluctantly
; decided to send the order to Ensenada
and the Monadnock will be notified if
she puts in there. No cause is given
for the orders from Washington.
CYCLIST ELKES THE WINNER.
PITTSBURG, Jan. 29.— The finish of the
big 72-hour bicycle race was exciting and
was a desperate effort between the two
leaders, Wailer and Elkes. to carry off
the big end of the purse. Elkes won by
two yards, having gone 1322 miles, 6 laps
and 60 yards.
Five minutes before the finish all of the
other riders left the track, giving the two
hifrh men a clear way to fight for the
honor and mosey. Elkes was In the lead,
with Waller lapping his wheel. A lively
pace was set at once. Many times Wal
ler put an all of his powr to pass his
young opponent, but each time Bikes'
reserve force proved the better, and amid
the wildest kind of enthusiasm he kept
the lead to the end. The final score was:
Elkes, 1322.6 60 yards: Waller. 1.°>22.6 58
yards: S^hinneer, 1314.6: Hale. 1311 8; Wal
ters. 1309.11: Dench, 1129 miles: Gannon
1115.2; Ruckel, ltlO: Henshaw, 878.
The race is said by experts to have
beon one of the best of its kind on rec
ord, and. barring the rather small attend
ance during the week, was a success in
every way. The record made by Waller
last year— l22l miles and ?, laps— was
passed by five of the riders at 6:18 p. m.
Certain Lands Exempted.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 29.— 1n an or
der issued by Secretary Bliss to-day
lands covered by the claims of other
defendants than the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company and the trustees in
the mortgage executed by that com
pany in the conflicting grant of the
Atlantic and Southern Pacific are to
be excepted from the decision restor
ing them to public domain.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 29.— Dr. The
ophilus Parvina, professor of obstetrics
and diseases of women and children at
Jefferson Medical College, died to-day.
Dr. Parvina was 72 years of age.
NEW TO-DAY.
lIBQBIBIBB3IBBBIII
■I „.-__• METROPOLITAN DENTAL PARLORS. i^L,H
IB PAINLESS DENTISTRY ! f|S
I Electricity ||g^||||i A QUESTION-^ #ll
"Used to Drill, Fill and Ex» f^^m How can the 8
™ tract your f^^^ condition of yourß
E3 TEETH! WJrriiL teeth improve^
■ we will give $soo if we wfft^mlk without employing __
i Lisa cannot perform any ordinary ex- ;w/ / vSm .■_ • a K^3
traction without paia". 'QJ *%$ the services OI a 6 ™*
There is nothing that will break Wi W H^ntkf?
down the general system quicker than \%fp V uclll - ICs *'* BS3
• p^3 diseased teeth. .n**^ ~™__
. »2» By calling at our offices you can get a free \~ >%V V E^|
■ examination of the teeth, and we will ex- y^^ \tV Jf^i
gßfl Plain to you as nearly as possible the treat- p**^^^.. "^^X. \- ""^-^ffSwa ESS
work' cost and time required to do your W*^*^^^^^^'-^?^^* ™»
Ba OUR PRICES are about one-half those Tfcfw*«SS^w^^r^H
charged by other first-class dentists.
H charged by other first-class dentists. i"N>N\^ •- \^^v^-^H?j "
"^ ___ '- Plat / 9 male by one of the best plate workers on this coast, wM
BT* »^E*J5< "■ '" ? Buarar.tee a fit. No charge for extracting teeth «^,_.^_ ™~
SK £r**y*«& n, n ' • latl *- s are ordered. Plates made in seven hours. Bridce- citMOt ~—m
3&&-?$SJ "k f (teeth wilhout Plates), per tooth, from $3 50. Gold crowns, vPf^Sk
EfSt'fv&L We deal honestly with our patients, and when we do your jft3K?
Ba Mr N v2l ■'"''< you will find it la satisfactory. All work warranted. JBeV^V; B«
ft. ' m German, French and Swedish spoken. Lady attendants. ' KJ'^ < VB>. Mi
■ WKi ■ METROPOLITAN IXENTAL PARLORS, . 827 Market Street- 927 fij f__
fcaii « _ Opposite Phelan Monument. [&A .5 |>^
Ilours— 9 to 6:30 and 7:30 to 10. Sundays till 4. : • * B" 111
IIIIBIIIIIIIIBSIBI
CHARGED WITH
STAGE ROBBERY
Young Marshall Naylor of In
dependence Held
for Trial.
Accused of Having Stolen Over Two
Thousand Dollars From
Wells- Fargo.
Special TMspntrh to The Call.
INDEPENDENCE, Jan. 29.— 0n the
night of November 24 last Rhine's stage,
carrying Wells-Fargo express, was held
up by a solitary highwayman about one
mile from town, and the box, containing
something over $2300, mostly tax money
consigned to the County Treasurer, v.a^
broken open and relieved of its contents.
Beyond the theory that the crime was
the work of local persons, no suspicion
attached to any one. as far as the
genera] public could learn.
Last week a young man named Mar
shall Naylor was arrested on a warrant
sworn fo by O. C. Harper, the driver of
the express team, and at the preliminary
examination held on Friday Harper
swore positively that Naylor was the
man. He said that he had recognized
him. but had no! said *o at the time o£
the robbery because he thought it would
be improper.
Naylor was reared in this vicinity, and
has never been in trouble before. He
was about t<> leave for Bakersfleld when
arrest. (1. He was released, pending trial,
on 15000 bonds. Detective White, one of
Wells-Fargo'a officers, is working on the
case.
Cobb Gets the Place.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 29. — Governor
Budd to-ilay appointed F. D. Cobb of
Stockton as a member of the State Board
of Agriculture, vice William Land of
Sacramento. John Lewis was appointed
a pilot of the harbor of Santa Monica.SOCIALIST
BILL IS OF
IMPORTANCE
For the Granting of
Needed Rights to
Working men.
But German Statesmen
Will Not Approve
the Measure.
Reciprocity Negotiations Be
tween Germany and This
Country at a Standstill.
WILLIAM IS VERY SORE.
Can Severe Punishment of Editors
Who Dare to Show Him Up
to Ridicule.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, Jan. 29.— The Introduction
of the Socialist bill for the extension of
the limited right of coalition of work
ingmen and the debate on the matter '
are regarded as being of special import
ance. Herr Geyer cited cases showing !
that different Governments, notably the
Saxon and Prussian, do not scruple to i
violate the slim political and trade
rights of the working people. Baron
yon Stumm, at one time an intimate I
friend of Emperor William, leader of j
the reactionists, favored additional!
curtailment of these rights. There is j
not the remotest chance of the Reich
stag adopting the bill or of the Bundes
rath approving it, and that the Govern
ment recognizes this is evidenced by j
the fact that not a single Minister at
tended the debate on Wednesday. The
matter is important, because the So- ;
cialists propose to make it an issue at
the coming elections.
It is learned at the Foreign Office that
owing to the sugar bounty conference
at Brussels the reciprocity negotiations j
between Germany and the United
States are at a standstill, and it is
doubtful whether they will be resumed,
as Germany has about concluded that;
nothing tangible will come out of them.
It is understood that the sugar confer
ence will formally discuss the Dingley
tariff law.
The Foreign Office next week will di- i
rect the attention of the Chamber of
Commerce to the South American com- 1
petition, especially in cottons, growing
up in South American countries, where
German importers have so great inter- \
ests. The officials of the Foreign Office
are preparing a suggestion of the best j
way , to combat this competition.
The 1 peculiar appositeness of the text ;
of the sermon of Emperor William's
birthday, namely: "Be Still and Know
That I am God: I Will be Exalted
Among the Heathen," has attracted a I
great deal of attention, and it is now!
explained that the Emperor himself se- I
lected it. It is suggested that the add- i
ing of the word "Chinese" would make
the passage perfect.
Among the Emperor's birthday
edicts is one dealing with the regula
tions of rowing in the public schools
of Berlin. His Majesty decrees that
the pupils in rowing be invariably su
perintended by masters acquainted
with the sport and by a physician.
Matches must not be rowed in . the i
presence of any but the friends and
relatives,, and members only of the j
two upper forms may race. Genuine i
racing boats are not permitted, and the \
course must be limited to 1200 meters. !
The Emperor announces that In order
to carry out these reforms he has !
placed 35,000 marks at the disposal of '■
the Minister of Education, toward the
acquisition of. a water course, a boat
house and boats, and he promises to !
give two annual prizes for the fastest
boat and the most skilled .crew.
An article recently in the Hamburger
Nachrichten, on the occasion of the
Emperor's birthday, bears unmistaka
bly the ear marks of Friedrichsruhe
and expresses Prince Bismarck's
views. It says: "The monarch has
stepped into the foreground of public
far more than his ancestors did. The
policy of the empire and of Prussia
bears mark of imperial origin, and the
strong individuality of the sovereign la
ever perceptible in the most different
spheres. He not only governs, but
rules and is in reality the actual leader
of the nation and disposer of the des
tinies of Germany. if Germany is
now animated by a higher spirit than
a short time ago, If the confidence of
the State Government visits by in
creases: if the spirit of enterprise is ■
impulsed, we attribute it mainly to the '■
fact that the Emperor has known to
find ways whereby distinct ends are
attainable."
The article concludes: "The gloomy
visions which formerly troubled us on !
the Emperor's birthday have begun to
disappear and we venture to hope that
the future will not bring us fresh dis
illusions such as to again make acute :
old antagonisms in public life. For
mistakes which are not made a second
time, we count on the high intellectual
qualities of the monarch and the per
ception of what is useful and what is '
harmful to Germany, as well as on the
psychological elements which influenced
him."
The most severe criticism has been
aroused throughout the country at the
sentence of two months' imprisonment
in a fortress imposed upon Herr Tro
jan, editor of the Kladderadatsch on
Tuesday last, for cartooning the Em- :
peror, in December last, by represent
ing Frederick the Great, Napoleon Al- |
exander the Great, and Leonidas read- i
ing the speech of Emperor William de- I
livered on November 18, when he swore
in the Guards' recruits, upon - which 1
occasion his Majesty remarked that it !
was necessary to be good Christians in ''■
order to be good soldiers.
Even the conservative newspapers
prom/unce it an atrocious sentence, and
It is said to be directly due to the Em- j
peror's Influence, as his Majesty was i
furious at the cartoon, and has given
strict Injunctions that Herr Trojan be
confined at Weichselmunde, situated in
a fever-laden district, where Herr i
Wrede, another critic, encountered the
most severe malaria.
Kladderadatsch's issue of to-day was
confiscated, owing to the publications
of a cartoon in which Herr Trojan sa
tirically criticized his sentence. He
also published two poems to the same
effect in to-day's issue.
Herren Schmidt and Walther, two
Alsatian editors, were also imprisoned
during the past week on the charge of
lese majeste, for publishing an ironical
article on the Emperor's birthday. Herr
Stadthagen, a Socialist member- of the
Reichstag, has also been sent to prison
for nix weeks for lese majeste. ■" '■""■ "■ I
THE EMPORIUM.
**¥*&¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥* ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥•$% !
J^j/SmL The most in- |
mSI^ teresting Fair *
JHIH&t ever held in *
* JffiiPßll the Mechanics' |
Pavilion now!
Uj& % \H» in progress. |.
\ %** vp^^vk v\ VVe want evervbodv in San *
\ "& Ay*> ,>A V Francisco to «cc our uniqu; "?,
\ \ Y5Y 5 Y%*&!\ \\. Klondike. Exhibit at the 4
\ I=:^^^s\%^^^' \\ Fair, and to increase the ♦
. \ «svd\ W^ "* attendance we have ar *
\ \\ -& \^» Vts \ ' ranged with the manage- *
\ **^>^^ \^ \ me "t to sell 25,000 tickets ♦
\ V^V t V^b \at a greatly reduced price. *
BETWEEN THE HOURS OF 10 A. M. AND 1 P. M. ONLY. J
They are the regular 25c admission tickets, good from Janu- 4
ary 29 to February 15, inclusive. Only five will be sold to a *
single Purchaser. 4
:- Special Ticket Office near <•'
Elevator, west side of Rotunda.
The Emporium and ]
Golden Rule Bazaar. I
KLONDIKE OUTFITS— LOWEST PRICES *
k&AAAAA**&£.A*<*z\S, iAAA&AAA A A A A A A A A A * A A A A A A 4^X
ENGLAND IS
SOLVING THE
PROBLEMS
And as Usual Things
Are Coming Her
Own Way.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LONDON, Jan. 29.— Aft^r an un
usually prolonged pf-rind of extreme
tension, all signs p< i-.it to an early im
provement in if not a complete solution
of the various international political
problems agitating the nerves of Great
Britain. The Foreign and Colonial of
fices are beginning to see daylight
through the darkness which has l>>ng
been enveloping the Far East. West
Africa, the T'pper Nile and India; and
unless signs fail ai.l information from
the best Informed circles is faulty, the
Marquis of Salisbury and J">=^ph
Chamberlain. Secretary of State for the
Colonies, will divide the honors and
Great Britain v.lll secure about all she
asks. So far as China is concerned.
th;s view, in connection with the speech
of Mr. Curzon, the Parliamentary Sec
retary for the Foreign Office, on Tues
day, and the reported acceptance of the
British loan, is generally regarded as
correct. Mr. Curzon foreshadowed the
probable success of the loan negotia
tions, the achievement of Great Brit-
am's purpose in keepinig the ports free
to the whole world and the mainten
ance of treaty rights whereby "spheres
of influence are rendered impossible."
The Russian proposal of a loan on
the same terms as Great Britain was
not taken seriously. It is understood
that she has not the money herself
without drawinr: upon her war reserve
funds.
France is daily showing less inclina
tion to burn its fingers in a game in
which, even if successful. Russia would
be the only gainer: while Germany ap
pears to have set completely around
to the British side. Throughout, the
situation has never been so alarming
as sensationalists attempted to paint
it. Hence the Czar's peaceful assur
ances and Lord George Hamilton's
statement in his speech on Tuesday
that relations with Russia were
tirely satisfactory will not have sur
prised America.
Turning to West Africa, an official
of thf Colonial Office states that the
impossibility of securing witnesses
from the West Coast f-arlier is the rea
son for the delay in the Paris negotia
tions. Some of the most Important
witnesses arrived only last week, and
they are now in Paris. Thus far all
the British demands have been con
e'eded nominally, and "provisionally
r.g the result of the ((invention,"
but Mr. < "hiimberlain is perfectly sat
isfied that the British dalirus will be
upheld, and that the Frenrh will be
confined westward of a line prolonged
from the presr-nt Lugo? - Dahomey
frontier to the Niger and along th^
right bank of the Niger to Say.
In the meantime he does not propose
to risk being caught napping by a
probable adverse decision of th" con
vention, so he is pushing troops and
supplies to the front as rapidly as pos
sible. A new regiment of 2000 Hussars
has been enrolled at Ibaden during the
last few weeks, and detachments will
be sent to the front as soon as the men
become efficient.
In regard to the Upper Nile the in
teresting news which Mr. Curzon
dropped on Thursday to the effect that
the ratifications of the treaty between
(^reat Britain and Kint,- Ifenellk of
Abyssinia have been exchanged and
that the Government hopes shortly to
have an accredited representative at
the Abyssinian court has given the
greatest satisfaction as helping to
solve the question of the Upper Nile.
The terms of the treaty will not be di
vulged until it is presented to Parlia
ment, but the hints dropped at the
Colonial office indicate that the agree
ment is based on the principle that
friendly Abyssinia on the Upper Nile
is preferable to hostile France.
Therefore King Menelik will be allowed
to gratify his ambitions in the equa
torial Hinterland in a manner not in
terfering with the Anglo-Egyptian
plans
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JA&UABY 30, 1808.
FRANCE'S
VOLCANO IS
NOT EXTINCT
Slumbers While Pop
ular Opinion Re
mains Excited.
Copyright, MM, by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS. Jan. 29.— Although the Drey
fus crisis has been less acute during
the past week, popular opinion is still
very excited over the matter. The vol
cano is not extinct; it Is simply slum
bering. One point which has tended to
excite the public is the fear of compli
cations with Germany, although there
seems to be little ground for expecting
any. M. Henri Rochefort, in a discus
sion of the .matter this morning, said:
"I don't fear complications with Ger
many. What, however, is certain is
that were any to arise, the Jews will
be the first to suffer from it."
This puts the matter in a nutshell.
Rightly or wrongly, popular feeling is
against a revival of the Dreyfus case,
and is bitterly opposed to the people
advocating it. It is felt that the case
cannot be opened to the public without
such details being discussed as might
endanger the peaceful relations of
France with other nations. This feel
ing can only be realized by likening it
to the state of mind of the entire na
tion at the time of the French revolu
tion. In fact, the history of S7 seems
to be repeating itself in a remarkable
way. Then a mere frivolous matter
about a diamond necklace played a
prominent part in the furor and led
to an important event.
To-day it is a question of military
trial, which, as M. Kdmond Drumont
points out, concerns no one but mili
tary ■ dicers. As he says officers in the
army are there of their free will and
Boldiers by compulsion. There may be,
therefore, some reasi.-n for disputing the
authority of the COUrt-martlal in the
case of a common soldier, but there can
be none in the rase of nn ofnVer, see
ing that he has voluntarily placed him
self within its Jurisdiction. .Vow. just
as 1793, when popular feeling was ex
cited to an extent that led to the most
terrible e\ents that ever occurred, is
added the threatened intervention' of
foreign nations in France's domestic af
fairs. And, again, to-day dread of in
tervention on the part of Germany
over the Dreyfus matter hfis embittered
the feeling against those whom the peo
ple consider guilty of bringing about a
possibility of this intervention. It is
useless blinking at the fact that the
nation looks upon this attempt to re
habilitate Dreyfus as the result of a
radical combination. If the result
should lead to difficulties with any for
eign nation ii would be Just the'same
as in 17M. That is to sny. first, the
fury of th« populace would be spent
upcm those accused of causing it. Re
cent events in Algiers proved this. If
the Prussian and Austrian armies* had
not been summoned to the frontier in
the early days of the first republic
Louis XVI might have retainer! his
head, but at the first breaih of foreign
interference all other sentiment seems
to have been swept away by rage and
fear, and the aristocrats whom the peo
ple believed to be guilty of calling for
eign ni<l had to bear the onslaught of
tb<- trended nation.
To-day at the first idea that Germany
might intervene, owing to the Influ
ence of what the nation at large
chooses to call the Jewish syndicate
the people would get into a dangerous
state of excitation, and the Jews would
bo in a precarious situation were any
international difficulties to spring out
of the present agitation.
Good Time* Ahead.
Carloads of furniture are daily leaving
the big house of the Pattosien Company
corner Sixteenth and Mission. Their sale
of the Michigan furniture awakens peo
ple, and the way they are fitting out
homes, good times surely are on hand
People should see the five piece parlor
sets going at $20: all other goods in Dro
portion. - ' %
Death at Aivarado.
N'ILES, Jan. 29.— Antonio Leo. an old
pioneer of Alameda County, died at Al
varado after a long illness. He had con
ducted a saloon and hotel at Aivarado
for years.
THE EMPORIUM. , THE EMPORIUM. THE EMPORIUM. j . THE EMPORIUM.
¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥*
We Never Rest. I^^^^^^^^^#®P^P^ Two Klondike Exhibits.
We are constantly striving to Improve the j P^^ :^ /:^^J^^^^^^^^ l^^?^Wl^^^2 The Examiner on Saturday said of our Pavilion
general character and quality of our merchandise. S^^j|^ Ljff^^S^^m tht'K'o lik^St ° f th » C T o^ at j racti 7 I**™** .'"
, . ♦ j;i w . , o .• *>>T* Jff?**^f»-7^^7^^^ the Klondike Section of the Miners Fair is the
We have steadily bettered the store and delivery E^gS^., M^MJ^BS^r^SSJ Klondike cabin * ** a rude log structure cov-
service, we have broadened the assortments in all rgpSJlF ff^^^ 'gV?. ? i 'fitojl " -_ TBlL y(t ered with ice anJ snow - * *'* * The interior
lines until each department is as complete a store U^^^'TJ -"' '""^BJ^^JI fijj contains all the needs of an Alaskan miner."
in itself as any special store can be, while at the Bujjjp-*^' I'^***,,'*1 '^***,,'* ™ !£^^ sSlfc^**^ ESlfe Our other exhibit occupies an entire section
same tim? ... hz-ct reduced prices to a minimum. Wm*w ] *>--Lx = - = *- lj__ "' — vT-~ **' +^ ss £Sm? of the big store— back of rotunda— and is in every '
same time we nay* reduced prices to a minimum. y»-<: H ■■ — >^* w^^Sy^ wav comnlete
_^_^___ wm 'z**s± f%rfj7~V)iMi't> 1"'"1 "'" — . .* ~^ fcyM w ■s^*"-*-" "" .
Children's Jackets JSfUiiSI'S Boys' All- Woo! Jackets/ Capes, Dresses, Waists,
About Half Price. -/■^^;—« n^ 2*6^® Knee J - Skirts-Reduced.
warm winter coats tor children. <lfe> j^GspgEyUjl PailtS v^i^*^</ * More and More Reductions—
§ These three lots, tight-fitting and Jgsil^ttW O/T '*& to ° much stock ' t0 ° man V s ar *
loose backs, the best bargains J^PSSrn\lF .ZOC ' Wi&ai^k rnent--— they must go. If you
you ever got — on sale tables in £<r 5-= == :r^l I!| lil^^% buy this week you'll say it's the
aisles to-morrow and until sold. | ' -— f We have pur- ll'^T? best and cheapest Cloak pur-
For children 4to 12 years-Heavy, J chased another Jfkjfjk chase you ever made.
Warm Jackets, like picture, in pretty J 5000 pairs of xl«??3s»r ' Fine new $7. 50 and $10 Jackets
shades of green, blue, light brown and strictly all-wool v-^-^&SSS^^ —now 55.00
dark tan, loose backs only.* 1/Q i £1 , / Knee 'Pints tor y*sKS^§§^^ Fine new silk-lined ?i«; .md
regular $3, this week, special^ I .D? \ '!, \ hj r" ! ™n ts , tor (/M^^^7\\ $20 Jackets-now SIO.OO
F«r rblldren ato itv^ H MVV 5 7 U Boys, ages 4to W/^m\\TnM\m Cloyi and Velour Brocaded
W%K^^£&^S /C^ iSU* 16 years. They MM M M Plush « and 6 Capes-now
in dust-repelling clothsof mixed brown, S/Hcf -.:.;.: have patent lf/U/W^\\ Vi '''k"^^'^^'^''^'^,
blue, dark tan and green, price was &♦ '!> waistbands and the small sizes (f/jSJkJw / / l ! M now Silk-lined ?? 2 ° Jackets-
f 4 . this week the special j2 39 r^?f^N have fancy buckle trimmings. NS§rS|( I/ A ft \\\, 51/00" and" ji.^" '"Fast" Black
price........ ; "'""'y'" H /^»^ ' fi^^y \ There are as many as 50 patterns //f//m&^\\ J «\\ Sateen Waists— now 79c
Children s All - Wool Fancy /JfT/ j>7 and shades to select from. They l//£fflllj}\ Ml l Assorted Lined Wool Plaid %x
Boucle Jackets and other warm V O ? '.. a \ jU ire well made, perfect in every l il/$//SSIX ' m '• Waists— now 51.96
cloths-green, tan brown blue and .FJg., wfv and to drSw motherl^nto Vim//'''/ \ ' IVm brocaded Black Silk and Satin
fancy mixtures-large collars, braid- 7 ; = f s *t ? A\V ' way ' a " d ' t0 dra , W m ° therS into '*7*<»^Jfe ;E iTO Skirts, were $12.45— n0w.57.45
trimmed— price was 57.50. *A 1c /}''"• \\ Our mos completely stocked | 1 r _^^^/ 8* Tailor Dresses— assorted lot
This Week, Special Price 4>4.Z0 fifcV*'*^ Children's Clothing Department V -" ==^ $15, $18 and $20 Dresses— not
Chiidren> Garments on '.-. ' T 1 *" pi' that they may know whit wp \ ' " '""" many of a kind — now $10.00
Second Floor, near Elevators. '* lllcll "icy may iKllvu wliai we ■ --— zr=zz=
-•> • are doing for boys, we.offer them -^ ~ " __
= at . the extraordinary <jr a Curtains — Portieres*
TWL«o<r-i1 "n^>^^^f«-«/>«4- Special for Monday PrlceP rIce of ••• PAIR Odd pairs of Irish Point, Brussels, Cluny and Point
IVIUSICaI ivCparilTlcnt" "and Tuesday Only. r ., ... , ,-,, i d'hsprit Novelties and Nottingham Curtains at about half
We Will IWt fill Wail \ prices. Closing out odd pairs Tapestry and Chenille
Green Felt Banjo, Guitar or Mandolin Ba^s, f^cr« ' Portieres at temptingly low figures.
each O3C Ol'derS for these pdiltS ■ Last week of the $3 and $4 Curtain Bargains.
32 only-Imported Mandolins, good tone and dc AH 4 ' \ Just in-A New line of Denims, in latest designs and
finish, will be closed OUt .each $6.00 at 2yC. \ "■gWgj and Drapery Department-Second Floor.
Keeping Up Sales in the Dry Goods Departments With Crowd-
Drawing Prices.
Our attractive offerings turned January into one of the busiest months of the year — 50 per cent increase over the sales of
January, 1897. The improved stocks, impartial treatment of customers and always lowest prices tor dependable qualities are bound
to win. There must be no falling off in February. We start the new month with values that cannot fail to win big trade.
KNIT UNDERWEAR. I DRESS GOODS— Colors. KID GLOVES. SILK VELVETS.
j^k Ladies' Imported 39-incn Two- Tone Chevron Suiting, f^^^^/^S^ Ladies* 3" Patent- Silk Velvets in fancy stripes and
T*>+k Swiss Ribbed Wool in the newest color combinations with \°\ /"/ / *lFj Clasp KiJ Gloves, Scotch plaid effects— all exquisite color
\»*W Vests, high neck, black, 7 yards to a suit, c <-> -7/- \i /"( ' */hl "°' tone embroil- combinations and the most fashiomble
>long sleeves, na- positively worth 50; per4>^»/5 \TV / Jif ered backs, style material for waists — per q* f?rk
V tural gray only, yard, will be Suit tV/Slln fr / like Figure, firted yard .>3>!.3\/
4 sizes 4, 5 and 6. re- <.._„ .. , , K( !| \'J '// and warranted, f Two-tone Brocaded Silks ' in- a vast
?£W^$7V duced from 7 c_ . 46-inch Fancy Suiting, in the new l|>^Uf/% perpair 4> * number ot styles and color combina-
aW^r*\\. $ 1 each to.. «->C iridescent effects, which give promt- \ ifts n*L^ iirowus EnrUahßeds tions— our regular $1.50 an' S^.oo
]\ T\\ Ladies' Winter jence to the latestshadesot $4 cq ': /v^ Sffi SSoo oooso d s yard qualities-as a trade- <^« VJr
Ifk ii »Wei-ht E ? hn blue, brown, green, rouge :: * >^»? U / O>s^. K ; .wn XB*£ bringer for this week q>!.^s
l"%> &ttonUnio nS P il&" and Purple, will be Suit I > , pT* Mo*. Black High-class French Novelty Si.ks-
n^j ;^\/ fleece lined, but- 46-inch Mixed Suiting, in broche and ///// Do you wearsiz* choice designs — exquisite colorings,
////*' W toned across the running-vine effects, the commingling ill/ - !2! 2 Kid Gloves? £Ultable for waists, skirts or whole
'fir™ 1 shoulder, seams all of colors produces a most ef- &•/ r\r\ Uj We offer in th-it costumes— tnose that were $2.00 and
covered, In ecru and silver gray, fective and pleasing ensem- 4>O.UU size only 3 styles— 4 large pearl but- ?3-oo yard— as a trade-brin^- <£| tZ(\
sizes 3. 4, san 6, reduced from A(\ n b.e, will be Suit tons, Foster lacing or with pat nt "—to. is week vjJi.vJVF
a suit to t-Ul* clasps— ladies' and misses' kii rr\ SILK VEILINGS
ss s U aV y u..o A^ tra ro S s W , oh°i0 h °i DRESS GOODS-Black. S^^l^igg WSMM
t?2!S^ts wWor^t'urSX 8 : iiiiS^ipi^ siz^^Vpe^r^cS'SSOc iiSp^^^
s2 -s 3.4 sanJ 6. reduced -> (- s°n« wSr h $iS> vlrd wHI 60c DRFSS T ININGS All- Silk Veiling
from fi.75 a suit to [^ JJJjJ "- 00 > ird . WI " r j UKt^i LIJNIINUb. comprising various
Undervear Knit to Order. . .Dl, c: •'"""""•. ci 2O » f, ie^ ts ° r Rl^ k Mo i re Veloui ; styles of Tuxedo, WF*%&g&Wn
... . ( , „c , 1 c • 42-inch Black Figured Satin Princess, Skirt Lining— 33 inches wide— special plain -mesh and I ■Ll. Jlli»&gi;JJ 11i»&gi;J
Sole agents for the Stuttgar.'er Sir.:- maJe , rom c Australian wool, in sale lor this week— per yard < ->i chenille dots black r^'-jHSaT
/jri Mcxi: Lnaerv/jr—for men, ™'' 1 BOf thi l3l^ designs, tin satin • * 22 2 C SsSi e v|<W'
..... ° ot tn? liiest designs, tin? satin »^jv- browns and navies, VV^.'^sS-T*
a • lustre and a most enduring <£ < • pjpw Phnlro^ romW+c • your choice of this \%^^\Jt
■ UACTrnv fabric, worth $1.35 yard. KUU ClanketS— exceptionally low- # N
riUoIE.KY. will be Yard The low prices quoted do not repre- p-iced lot of veil-
Cotton Hose, doubl. toes S and f heels, _ u _^__ r-Arrc your tnde durin^ Fehruarv 'c^rt l^^JOc^^
n^Tto 818 10 '°' r? uceJ 3rooTi3 r0 o TiA s i o ; 50c SHEETS-CASES. jwwe •hnjg - a B 7 ankets _ cv BUREAU SETS.
rr^^ed^ed rar^.l^m^ re^vTus^^ SSS^^^ ISgll^^^g^
Black Cotton Hose doufie toes, heeb fine quaiity-goxoo inches In s*e- T££t£^£ £?£?%* ISkfSS^^T^Stj, £*
and knees, sizes 6to 9- re- -jr WOrtb 70c each-will be sold fi rw Ihiswesk for 2)5.00 from 80- to 45C
duced from 35c a pair to jOC for ™™^..; vtri, 250 Full-size Bed Comforters, with . 250 dozen Heavy "Quality Stamped
Boys' Ixl Ribbed Heavy Black 250 pairs White Cotton Pillowcases, snowflake filling— :overeJ with print- Momie Splashers, 18x32 inches drawn
Cotton Hose, German double herls, neatly made of good heavy material— ed silkaline in pretty patterns— really work borders, printed on three' sides
to san 1 knees, sizes 610 9^, </- size 4^x36 inches— worth 10c— 71 r worth S2..Xs— will be sold at pa regular value 25c each, special •>*'
reduced from 25c a pair to *3C on sale at '2^ q)I.3U this week .'. ISC
A Special Two Finale of Our After-Stocktaking Sale Grocery Specials*
Weeks Offer in the of Furniture and Carpets. The good things at smaii
-v; j. ♦ T» •! • For this week only we will again place Gold Star Tags on the j prices for Monday and Tuesday.
.LadieS 1 ailoring best bargains in the Furniture and Carpet Department. The j See the daily bulletin of spe-
_. fortunate buyers at our last "Gold Star" Sale know what that ; c ' a 's in the grocery show win-
JL/epartnient» means — big reductions from already low. prices. Here'«& a sug- i dows. If you cannot come down
second Floor-next gestion — Why not f urnish a room like this ? | town use the direct Grocery
to Millinery. * —^~— —^__ J^-^-"~~" r — • j Telephone — South 159.
Tailor Dresses to order— jacket and fB . „ "^^^T^^U^lll-^-^*** tut « 1 -r>
suit— jacket silk lined— skirt . lined i£)©@l?®©DOo £ T^tc^^^l 1//1 Monday and Tuesday Only
with best percaline and all finished in n a <Sh& r ![i& /?'•/&*&" i iTi Til I-t •1'!• 1 '! 1 1 /-•«."
cur best style— regular rrice to ord:r U» ®(nJQ|s U® U© &W <=> '//y//ofy. 1 1.' AJlffri U. ■ , Log Cabin Maple Syrup— gallons—
of this dress is $50. For two fa C U f/pMffl TTfl II! ■ a - «Mi regularly Si. 25. For the <t- t nc -
weeks the price will be $J3 W>W* ; ' Jjj \\ \ wft^=ll '/////, two days... ...-. 4>J-.UD
Thi% notice will ahhear w ._ -^ l^i^MaL, -MB ' Jtsssml *==$ l'"l ft 10-ib boxes Figs— reguiariv r-r-'
/ /'» »W'« Y» U, ■* iV^AJ 1 g^ —^JT^ ri . - t - £=: M- m^lhtril^--^ — -fill 88 5 C - For the two days .". 55c
thlS One time OnlY . Cut it Vpa\! .%, \ jmg^mM^nn^^h& I/ Bird SeeJ ' Canary-rape and hemp
00/ dndbrinztt with you. \^^^^^^^^^^^^^L 7ay£!r. r .!L.t.... F .°. r .... t . he .. 8 t 25c
' House Furnishings. I I^^ ct, c
jS^|li>' m'^va/"'^' 5 o/ Solid Antique BeXooni Set of \2 Pieces as rmr ° nn d of the mos - noticeably im -
r^^ing^nwli^ Solid Antique Bedroom Set 01 12 Pieces, as tion . A | Ways som , notable [non^
"^^^^^lW pint can of Black in Picture. ■ . saving chances there. We again call
\g£?3sw' Jack Stove Pol- The set with large-size bev, led class easily worth $22. co attention to
zMjfid&Fji. ish, worth 30c — Two solid Oak Cm: Ciairs, with Rocker to mi cii, worch- 3.50 (S@OSCS Our Ladies' Seal-
r^»'* Monlav & Lies- Two Feather Pillows and Bolster, are worth 4.50 «„.,, i'-\ skin Cork So
*mr h!-?a 1 f^ .^Double Woven Wire Jumbo Spring, guaranteed or five years 4.00 § ?£* i/ffl Waterproof Shoe is
aay only ... .J6c . Soft Top Sanitary Mattress, worth • 4.00 r"""~W*B -v 7i the acme of lasting
T , „_, Solid Oak Bedroom Table, worth 100 V'^'h \*ll\ and durable shoe-,
' ■ -..'■'. ■ V" \ Ml mak : in S- They are
te^wjiw • This furnishes a bedroom complete and is worth $39.00 I r^j| stylish and perfect
c - ™.i } m . r V^^ . During this week enly we will 1 this entire outfit • b^^H. ma t d r S> riJt h here a fn c
at the-.Gold Star-price 0f. ......... ..... . . . . $26.75 cSif^i^?
Tuesday only.. . ... : . He Good Time t() Ruy Carpets> f\ SE^SaMI SeSJ^
,, a M^nTiv rS T, S PiT 3c .In addition to our 65c per yard Carpets, as adverted last week, we are I that are always sold for f- ft
cial Monday and I uesday— '-'v, going to place on sale for the next six days: 4 sO> Our price q)3.3U
Japanese Hani Warmers, copper Lowell Body Brussels Carp?t (none genuine without name £ < no , ioo pairs of Ladies' Vici KiJ—om-
inea, with velvet cover-just • th- woven in the bick), the regular Si. per yard grade tor. 4>l.UO] ; mon-sense heel and toe-a few sin lif
ling for cold weather— for the ft ' Bigelow Axminster Carpets (genuine, the nam;s woven in the * < nx i sizes— left from preceding sales, ca
two days— each OC | v back), the regular 1.75 grade— we will lay and line it this week at 3> >•£ J 2 sizes 2 2J4 and 3 only. ' ' O*IC
The Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar.
56
SUNDAY JANUARY 30, 1898.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St».. S. F-
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson «tr»e
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL DAILY AND SUNDAY! I*
rerved by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year, per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall, $153
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative. DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
WASHINGTON D. C. OFFICE Rlftfts House
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES--527 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 930 o'clocK- 339 Hayes street: open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 MoAlllster street: open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open until
9 o'clock- 2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock
106 Eleventh St.: open until 9 o'clock- (505 Polk street
cpen until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
OQd Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin—" Tho Girl From Paris."
California— "Courted Into Court- "
Alcazar- --Til- Arabian Klcrhta-'
Morocco 'h— "Brother for Brother."
TfToll— "Brian Born."
Orpbeum— Vaudeville.
Bush— Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Company.
Macdonougrh. Oakland—" The Man From Mexico," Friday.
February 4.
Olympla, cor. Mason and Eddy streets.— Klrchner's Ladles'
Orehc-etra.
The Chutes— Chiqulta and Vaudeville
Mechanics' Pavilion— Milling- Fair and Klondike Exposition,
Lybeck Cycle Skating Rink— Optical Illusions-
Metropolitan Hali Concert Thursday evening.
Coursinp— lnglestde CourstDC Park, at 10:30 A. M.
Pacific Coast Jockey Club, lug-leslde Racetrack— Races to-
morrow.
AUCTION SALES.
By G. H. I'mbsen. Monday. January 31, Keal Estate, at 14
Montfronii'ry s;rc»>t, at 12 o'clock.
PREVALENCE OF CANT
CAST thy burden on the Lord; he will sustain
thee.
So quotes the Clark woman, a creature
whose life has been exposed by process of law, who is
as vile as degraded humanity has learned to be, who
while parading as one sanctified has been living in
unspeakable shamelessness, and who being caught
clings to the canting phrases she had committed to
memory- It is this particular phase of infamy which
is irritating to the intelligence. The openly wicked
may be guarded against. As a protection there is the
police. The decently and frankly wanton may be
reasoned with and perhaps brought to correct views
of existence and proper methods of living. But what
shall be done with the immeasurable moral outcast
who, while being all that is despicable and foul, yet
mouths praises for having been rescued from the
paths of sin? The Mrs. Clarks and their kind con
stitute a problem for the solution of which nothing
has been evolved from human experience.
THE RAILROAD COMMISSION.
AN evening contemporary which usually takes
the railroad side of every public question de
clares that we wore mistaken in saying the
Railroad Commission possesses legislative, executive
and judicial functions, and it cites us to the constitu
tion for proof that the commission is compelled to
enforce its decrees "through the medium of the
courts." The phrase quoted is used in section 22 of
article XII of the constitution in connection with the
judicial powers of the commission. It has nothing
to do with the framing of passenger or freight
schedules nor with their enforcement.
The argument of the article reviewed by our con
temporary did not relate to the side issue which it
has discussed, but it was directed to the fact that the
Railroad Commission is a failure and ought to be
abolished. We did not advocate wiping the commis
sion from the statute books entirely, because the
principle upon which it is founded contains a germ
of public utility. Besides, to abolish it entirely would
return the power to regulate railroad abuses to the
Legislature, where it was for many years a source
oi a great deal of political corruption. It was and is
our idea that if the present body were converted
into a railroad court and kept always open for the
hearing and determination, according to the rules of
law, of complaints against railroad corporations, it
would in the course of time render the State a great
deal of valuable service. In some of the States judi
cial processes have resulted not only in the correc
tion of railroad abuses, but in the virtual regulation
of fares and freights.
Notwithstanding the opinion of our contemporary
that .t would be inadvisable to remodel the Rail
road Commission, we think that body is no longer,
of any use It is true the courts have not denied'
it the jurisdiction to enact and enforce schedules of
freights and fares, but they have qualified its powers
in such a way as to effectually clip its wings. The
courts have held that the commission must allow a
railroad a reasonable rate of interest on its invest
ment before reducing its charges. This means that
it must allow a dividend. Practically, therefore, the
power to regulate is curtailed, for there is scarcely a
railroad corporation in the country that is paying
dividends on its watered capital. Some of them do
not even pay interest on their bonded indebtedness.
We can understand why the Southern Pacific doe 3
not want the Railroad Commission abolished. Its
elimination would restore the power to regulate its
charges to the Legislature, and that body every two
years would levy blackmail upon it. As we recall
the history of the commission it was established
mainly because the Legislature had proved recreant
to its trust in railroad matters. But why the corpora
tion objects to the establishment of a railroad court
such as we have suggested is not so clear. Is it possible
that the corporation does not want a judicial tribunal
to pass upon its acts — to deal out to it justice as
justice is dealt out to ordinary people? Will our
contemporary answer this question?
Policeman Gardiner, who has just been sworn in,
is a son of the man recently killed by an officer who
labored under the impression that he was shooting
at a burglar. It is almost safe to predict that Gar
diner will cultivate the habit of not shooting until he
has a definite idea as to the way his gun is pointed.
As to the changes contemplated at the pound, it
may be said in general terms that they will not be
satisfactory. Nothing will be recognized as approach
ing a state of perfection at that institution until ef
fective provision has been made for the impounding
of a few Supervisors:
If Swiftwater Bill arid his wife are to part, as in
timated by both of them, we hasten to extend such
congratulations as may be due, these to be divided
between the happy pair.
THE TELLER RESOLUTION.
AS was expected, the Teller resolution passed
the Senate by an emphatic majority. It is
a concurrent resolution, which if it pass the
House requires the signature of the President to be
come obligatory upon the Government. There is no
doubt that the President's speech in New York on
Thursday night was inspired by the certainty of its
passage in the Senate. He felt the necessity for a
counter declaration in support of the public credit,
and made it so emphatic that securities were
strengthened at once and the action of the Senate
was amply discounted. The bond and security mar
ket was buoyant because of the Presidential assur
ance that the resolution would die in his hands.
The resolution itself, while following the general
direction of the Matthews resolution of 1878, takes
on a different purpose entirely because of the entire
change in the situation. In 1878 silver was verj
nearly at par with gold on a ratio of 16 to 1. Now
it is oscillating at an average of 50 per cent beiow
par. Under these circumstances the enforced exer
cise of the Government's option to pay the national
bonds in silver would no doubt seriously affect its
credit and at the same time destroy its capacity to
maintain the parity of the two metals. Such an op
tion when the metals differed by a fraction "below or
above 1 per cent could have been used wisely to re
store parity. But when attempted with a difference
of 50 per cent it would simply increase disparity and
weaken the public credit.
The verbiage of the Teller resolution thrown into
the present condition raises a more serious issue
than the mere option to pay bonds in silver. It re
cites that the bonds of the Government arc payable
in silver dollars of the coinage of the United States
containing 412V2 grains of standard silver, " and that
to restore to its coinage such silver coins as a legal
tender in payment of said bonds, principal and in
terest, is not in violation of the public faith nor in
derogation of the rights of the public creditor."
This is a square expression in favor of the free
coinage of silver at a ratio of 16 to 1. Counting the
pairs the vote against this was only thirty-seven in
the full Senate.
While the country is led to feel, for the present,
secure in the position of the President, the political
effect of the Senate's action is of the first conse
quence. It is notice to the fiatists that they have
a majority in the Senate to the end of this admin
istration, and the effect no doubt intended by the
free silver leaders is to redouble their efforts to
elect the House to be chosen next November. They
would then, for the first time since the issue was
made, have control of both houses and have the
ability to lay out the programme for 1900 in the
form of free silver bills. These would of course
meet the Presidential veto and the issue would be
made up. The Congressional elections of this year,
therefore, become more than ever the opening of
the next Presidential campaign.
There is no chance to secure a two-thirds majority
in either House to override the Presidential veto,
and the philosopher in politics may content himself
with the certainty that a fiat House in the Fifty
sixth Congress, with a concurring Senate, will alarm
all the business and industrial interests so thoroughly
that they will rally again in 1000 as in 1896 and defeat
the programme now outlined. But the wage payer
and the wage earner will meantime be suffering be
tween the upper and nether millstone. Therefore it
behooves the men who stand by financial stability
and who want peace and prosperity to see to it that
no fiat House is elected and that the two years be
fore the next Presidential election are given to the
national increase in basket and in store.
THE FIGHT FOR THE RIVERS.
IN the rush of other things we must not overlook
the fact that California has an important issue at
stake in the various bills that have been intro
duced into Congress making provision for the im
provement of the Sacramento and San Joaquin
rivers. The proposed improvements will affect
either directly or indirectly almost every industry of
the State to a greater or less degree, and the strug
gle to obtain them ought therefore to be shared by
all who have the means, the energy or the influence
to help in the contest.
We must not leave our delegates in Congress to
make the fight alone. This Congress? is going to
practice economy. There is a heavy deficiency, left
over from the Democratic regime, to be made up in
the treasury, and although the Dingley tariff now
promises to yield ample revenues for carrying on the
Government and internal improvements, there will
be serious objections to undertaking any new work
until the deficiency has been straightened out and
the ample revenue is at hand as well as in sight.
Under these conditions the task of obtaining the
appropriations needed for our rivers will be a diffi
cult one. Comparatively few Eastern Congressmen
understand the importance of the work. A veritable
campaign of education will have to be carried on to
convince them of the great benefits that will accrue
from a prompt completion of the desired improve
ments. That campaign should be undertaken and
maintained by virtually the whole people of Cali
fornia, for if left solely to our delegates in Congress
the Congressmen from other States will conclude it
is' not a matter of much public interest nor of great
public concern since the people at large and indus
trial and commercial organizations are not showing
any ardor or energy in promoting it.
California has failed to obtain her due share of
appropriations for public improvements because she
has had a double handicap at Washington. In the
first place she has changed her Congressmen too
often, and has lacked in the Capitol the service of
experienced men with a large circle of friends among
the members of both houses. In the second place
she has never backed up her Congressmen with dele
gations from home as Eastern Congressmen are
backed.
When anything is wanted from the Government
for Boston, New York or Chicago a host of influen
tial men from chambers of commerce, boards of
trade and labor organizations in those cities go to
Washington and urge a favorable consideration of
their claims. Thus with experienced Congressmen,
strongly backed by forces at home, the Easterner
wins appropriations for works of comparatively little
importance while California loses in issues of great
moment.
We must overcome these handicaps so far as we
can, and the contest for river improvement is a good
opportunity to make the effort. All the political
energies of California should be exerted to win, and
exerted promptly.
Senator Lindsay of Kentucky is not embarrassed
by any doubt as to the course his constituents desire
him to pursue. The unanimity and force with which
they direct him to resign is so clear as to relieve his
mind of any uncertainty, albeit it may leave it bur
dened with various other things almost as discom
forting.
THE SAXFEAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JAXUARY 30, 1898.
THE FAIR FIND THE KLONDIKERS
IN addition to its general interest as an exposition
of mines and mining throughout the Pacific
Coast, the fair now open at Mechanics' Pavilion
will be of special value to all who are preparing to
enter the Yukon country as miners, or in any busi
ness whatever. In no other place can be seen such
a collection of articles and supplies of all t kinds
adapted for the climate of Alaska, and this in itself
would make the fair notable even if it lacked all
other exhibits and attractions.
Alaska is so completely unknown to the general
public that mere verbal descriptions convey but a
vague idea of what is needed by those who intend
to enter its gold fields and remain there during a
winter. Only by object lessons can the intending
prospector learn accurately what he needs and what
will be best suited for his comfort and his industry.
In this respect, therefore, the opening of the mining
fair is most timely and opportune. It supplies a real
need of producers and consumers. It will save money
and prove profitable to every intending visitor to
Alaska who attentively studies the exhibits and
posts himself on the quantity and quality of supplies
he will require and on the place where he can obtain
them on the best terms and in best condition.
Public attention, however, should not confine itself
ro the exhibit of Alaskan goods, nor even make that
the chief object of study. Despite the excitement
over the rich discoveries of gold in the frozen north,
there are reasons for believing that California re
mains the best mining country on the globe. Here,
at any rate, is the best field for the investment of
capital in mining enterprises on a large scale. In
this State the production of gold has ceased to be
a speculation and has become a legitimate industry.
Never were California mining investments safer than
at this time, and never were better inducements of
fered to men of wealth and enterprise to engage in
them.
San Francisco can safely invite visitors from all
parts of the Union to this fair, being well assured
that all will find in it either entertainment or instruc
tion sufficient to repay them for the visit. No other
exhibition of the year can compare with it in attrac
tiveness or in value to the business of the time. To
those who are going to undertake trie Alaskan ad
venture it is simply invaluable, while to capitalists
who are seeking safe investments in mining enter
prises it exhibits in a completer form than ever be
fore the vast mineral resources of the Golden West
and the thousand appliances of science and mechan
ism by which the most rebellious ore? are made to
yield up their treasures of the yellow metal.
DESPITE the revelations made in the Mor
drnint divorce case and the baccarat scandal,
the Prince of Wales, according to his latest
biographer, possesses many of the attributes of a
good citizen, and since he sets the fashion for so
many Americans of means and manners, it will be
well to direct attention to some of these good quali
ties in the hope that he may be imitated in them as
well as in others not so excellent or so serviceable
to the general welfare.
To begin with, the Prince is a strict supporter of
home industries. He does not go abroad for any
thing made at home, nor patronize foreign mer
chants when home merchants keep the same goods.
He carries this principle to the degrtc of purchasing
all the supplies for his Sandringham home from the
shopkeepers cf that town instead of sending to
London for them, making it an : .' solute rule, we
are told, that all orders about San^ringham shall be
given to residents of the place in preference to em
ploying or bringing in outsiders.
Secondly, the Prince pays his way. He accepts no
free passes from either railroads or theaters. His
traveling expenses are heavy. He has to go up and
down the country, laying foundation stones, opening
public buildings, patronizing charity bazaars and at
tending festivals and ceremonials of one kind or an
other almost continually. On all occasions, how
ever, he pays his way and accepts nothing in the way
of expenses either from the railways . over
which he rides or from the committees that have in
vited his presence.
Again, the Prince pays his taxes and pays them
promptly without seeking a reduction. His resi
dence in London is not exempt as a royal palace,
but is assessed as a private house, and he pays his
parish taxes of $5000 a year like a good citizen and
never attends mass meetings or signs remonstrances
of protest against local tax rates.
The Prince, moreover, observes the Sabbath day
and respects his mother. Once while in Paris he
was invited by the President of the republic to at
tend a grand race at Longchamps on Sunday. It
was to be an occasion of state and all the digni
taries of the capital were to be present. The Prince
desired to go out of courtesy to his hosts and the
French people, on the principle that when one is in
Paris he should do as the Parisians do. He did not
venture, however, to act on his own judgment, but
sent a telegram to London and asked his good old
royal mother what he should do. She told him to
go to church, and he went to church.
As a supporter of home industry, a patron of local
merchants, an employer of neighborhood labor; as
a citizen who pays his taxes and does not bee: free
passes; as a grown man who follows the advice of
his mother, the Prince is a fairly good model for the
American millionaire. We regret to say, however,
it is not in these things that he is followed. His
biographer tells us it is in the matter of dress that
the Prince sets the fashion, "especially in America,
where every trifling change in his costume is im
mediately reported and imitated." It avails little
to be a model if one's clothes and foibles are copied
all over the world and one's virtues are left un
noted save by the villagers of Sandringham.
Public interest in the trial of the citizen arrested
for the slaughter of certain cats will not be lacking.
The point may seem small, and yet so many people
have felt themselves torn by an ardent wish to kill
a few of the howling felines that they would like
to know how they stand in the eyes of the law.
New York is hard to please. When there is a ball
there of a howlingly immoral variety people yell for
the police. When a ball is expected to be very bad
and turns out to be decent the people crowd the
box-office trying to get their money back, and the
papers make intimations of false pretenses.
The general sympathy with the Cuban cause will
not cause a widespread grief over the death of Aran
guren. He will be remembered as an officer who
ordered the execution of a friend who had come
to him under a flag of truce, and, war or no war,
nobody ever admired him for it.
~ . ~7~ •
1 Here can be no defense of the boys caught rob-
bing nickel-in-the-siot telephones. Yet these ma-
chines have been caught in the act of robbery many
a time, and beyond the passing of deprecatory re-
_ , ♦iti, , , neprecaiory re-
marks nothing has been done about it.
WALES AS A MODEL.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
When people see fit to find fault with
! my way of filling up allotted space, It
Is not much to ask them to clothe their
poor thoughts In words not actually
shocking. Welcome to totally disre
gard me, they ought to have respect
for the parts of speech. There is rash
ness In criticizing the English used by
contemporary writers of the daily press
and so I refrain, admitting, however,
that to do bo Is a hardship. But it
may be permitted me in humility to
suggest that the old rule prescribing
the presence of a Bibie and a Shake
speare lacks perfection in that it fails
to include a spelling book and gram
mar. By this remark I avoid being
personal, injure rto pride, excite no re
sentment; nevertheless I manage to
modestly Insinuate that any lapses in
the direction indicated, if found in this
column, will clearly be the fault of the
printer.
• • • •
The circumstance that a young wo
man has gone daft from brooding over
what the critics said of her book
seems at first glance an evidence of
heartlessness on the part of the critics.
Let it be said that most of the critics
have been driven to drooling insanity
by the books they have had to read,
and the seeming crime becomes only
the saddening token of misfortune.
• • • •
Whether or not Professor Schenk's
theory of controlling the sex of gener
ations yet unborn has any sound basis
cannot yet be told. I hope fervently
that it has not, that Schenk is merely
the meddlesome crank he gives symp-
Toms of being, and that the people who
have purchased his right to relieve the
Creator of responsibility have paid for
a gold brick. The prejudice against
girl babies is one of the most wide
spread of heathen fallacies prevailing
among people partly civilized and prid
ing themselves upon being entirely so.
We have never gone to the length of
throwing the feminine infant to the
crocodiles, providence having in its
benign wisdom checked us by with
holding a supply of crocodiles. If
Schenk methods come in vogue they
must in time produce such a social
state that the girl will be at a premium
such as her brother can never hope
to touch. The brother develops to a
condition of usefulness. He consumes
cigarettes, is an ideal hoodlum, and in
instances makes a satisfactory con
vict, his inferior sister not being in the
competition. Anybody who can look
upon the girls of California, fair, ath
letic, queenly, and then vote for con
stituting a Schenk a subcreator is a
bigger fool than I am, a statement
which. I am assured by friends, reaches
the climax of emphasis. I can see no
beauty in a scheme to make women so
scarce that men must be depended on
for every duty short of wetnursing.
And some new Schenk may rise up in
the fullness of time to announce that
by a patent system of his own devis
ing he can equip them for this delicate
office.
• * • •
The proposition the gentlemen in
charge of the Miners' Fair have made
to the ministers strikes me as having
many points of excellence. They would
have the ministers close their churches
at least, two Sundays while the fair is
in progress, and not only give their
parishioners a chance to attend, but at
tend themselves. The very fact that
such a proposition has been made in
good faith shows a broad and fraternal
spirit. I do not see how the ministers
can decline without confessing to
narrowness and tacitly declaring that
they do not wish to be fraternal. The
preachers, accepting, woul* come into
contact with men of affairs, but men
who 'seldom go to church. They would
acquire an influence among these by
showing a recognition of the half-for
gotten truth that there are ways* of
worshiping God outside the formal ser
mon and prayer. It seems to me the
ministers could not find a better way
to achieve popularity— not in the vul
gar sense known to sensationalists, but
a genuine esteem — than to become the
guests of the miners. The miners would
feel hurt to have their hospitality
viewed in any light save that in which
it appears to them. They meet the
ministers more than half way. One of
their plans is to show the pastors just
what a mining camp was like in '49.
Could not the pastors draw from this
exhibition a lesson? Would not it send
them back to their pulpits with new
ideas of the progress of the church and
be an inspiration? The minister needs
keep in touch with a world which in
some instances is growing away from
him. Here, apparently, is an oppor
tunity. It may be there are preachers
who will not only decline to attend,
but will even object to having the fair
open on the day they have come to re
gard as their own. Happily, such min
isters are few, and growing fewer.
They are the spiritual filurians, and
people, growing: better as they mentally
expand, have left them behind. These
ministers hang at the rear of the ad
vancing throng, and moan of wicked
ness which they have trained them
selves to imagine. California prefers
the kind that keeps up with the pro
cession. I am mistaken if the ministers
do^not take the miners at their word
and the result be mutually profitable.
Probably it is with a pan? of regret
that the Examiner occasionally prints
the truth. It tells of many things
which never happen; and yet some
things do happen of such importance
that it canot ignore them. Its ordinary
fabrication is recognized at a glance to
be what Is technically known as a
"fake," and this, I take it, la the pur
pose of that noble sheet. One of its
gaudy lies can be detected as far as
the eye can reach. Therefore, there is
no reason for following it up with an
affidavit — the Examiner sign and sym
bol of fraudulency. The affidavit has
its proper place according to the yellow
standard. Let a story be veracious,
reasonable, credible, and over the Mis
sion-street Hearstlery there passes a
shudder of apprehension. What if
somebody should see and believe? To
be caught telling the truth! Horrible
thought! To meet an emergency like
this*, the affidavit mill is started, the
truth is sworn to, and then there falls
over it the comforting shadow of dis
trust, and happiness reigns once more.
• • • »
When next the National Stock Grow
ers meet at Denver they will take along
enough cowboys to round up the mul
titudo- In a moment of weakness these
\ gen f rous Bouls Proposed that a great
; barbecue be given and everybody in-
Jvited. They expected to bave 15,000
By HENRY JAMES.
guests, prepared to care for 20,000 and
were swooped down upon by 30,000.
Alas! how could they know that the
people of that carnivorous municipality
go wild at the sight of fresh meat?
How could it have been borne in upon
them in advance that Denver becomes
intoxicated at the prospect of a square
meal and gets delirium tremens if the
meal is to be free? When the horde
attacked the barbecue they simply
walked through it. In their enthusi
asm they did not pause to eat. No
body had time to eat. Did one get a
slice of beef another snatched it, and
in ensuing fights the flower of the city
was bathed in the steaming marrow of
the beasts slain to make a ho-liday. The
dull thud of the ham bone as It pelted
in the gaping countenance of the rash
and hungry, the smash of a hunk of
sirloin against the breasts of the brave
was sickening. Strong policemen look
ed and then turned around, deeming
it better to get swatted in the back
than to have their bosoms mussed with
gravy. Even the militia, accustomed
to- scenes of carnage, stole away on the
dead run. A barbecue in Denver might
be a success if the guests were but
chained to posts first and fed by means
of pitchforks. I fear that comely town
is degenerate. It has always been re
garded as proper there to raid a Chi
nese procession graveyard-bound, and
snatch the funeral baked meats, but I
supposed this was due to racial preju
dice and the sheer joy of stealing, and
at times when I have witnessed such
affairs, being there in the capacity of
society reporter, observed that the gen
tlemen engaged had the presence of
mind to eat what they stole. They
were enthusiastic, but not frenzied. I
can imagine a barbecue to be more en
ticing than a solitary roast pig, and
the people flocking thither licking their
chops. But I cannot imagine why they
refused to eat. Perhaps Denver is get
ting too refined. The absence of nap
kins from a function so dignified may
have proved irritating.
With all the respect to Dr. Hall he
may merit, I wish to place on record a
ft .ling of disregard for the jurymen
who failed to convict him of murder.
Not that I charge him with being
guilty, for I do not know, but I would
be perfectly willing to have some chaps
convicted on general principles, and
Hall is c-ne of these chaps.
• ♦ • •
IfcPbecSM is a funny thing who lives at Santa
Cruz.
II- publishes a paper there wherein to hide
the new?.
And to disport from time to time his own
peculiar views.
Oh. all know Dune McPherson well, so blithe
and sweet he sings.
So gayly dips In stinkpot loud the hurtling
dart he slings.
Or soars in meter like a bird equipped with
busted wings.
Mayhap he writes a Jingle for to grace the
daily runk,
May be h<? gives in halting prose the thoughts
he hasn't thunk;
In either case he makes It clear that he's what
rhymes with Dune. f
• * • •
Private Jones of the regular army
deserves a medal. He is the young sol
dier who extinguished the sparks which
were burning their way through a
woolen bag containing fifty pounds of
powder. He had every reason to be
lieve that his bravery would be fatal,
yet he recognized the scant possibility
that he might save his comrades, and
he did it. expecting no reward. Rarely
is there such an exhibition of presence
of mind, and no act could have been
braver.
• • • •
Not possessing scientific knowledge, I
confess with shame an entire inability
to see any sense in grafting one insect
upon another. It is a peculiar thing to
do, of course, and novelty has charms.
It is. true that when bugs are thus
united till death do them part, their
blending into a beauteous whole makes
one bug where had been two bugs be
fore, certainly a theoretical improve
ment; yet the fact must not be disre
garded that the one bug is a whopper
apt to have a double set of incisors. To
equip a biting bug with twin heads or
bestow upon the hornet the boon of a
pair of tails may be scientific, but I
should think science would rather be
doing sonjething else. Perhaps, how
ever, the hornet is not classed among
insects. It may be a bird. The flea is
an insect, beyond question, and even
now is a thing of terror. Give the flea
an extra set of legs and springs, an
extra lot of augers, chisels and drills
and would life be worth living? If the
man of science can divorce his atten
tion from the creation of freaks a mo
ment I would like him to answer. There
is an intimation that the experiments
tend to open an endless field. If the
mortal part of a bug can be amputated
from himself and annexed to something
else, there appears no reason why in
the exuberance of investigation the sci
entist should not soon have the ele
phant wearing the camel's hump, given
in exchange for a trunk. And there
does not flash on the startled intelli
gence reason why a scientist of a Jo
cose disposition might not catch a
friend asleep and cause to spring from
his head a donkey's ears, to be a last
ing Joy. To get back to the starting
place, I do not like bugs, but so far as
the association Is inevitable, I believe
the old-fashioned bug would be my
choice. The scientist may bend his en
ergies to the manufacture of new
fangled ones, but I remain true to the
Junebug of memory, the striped
beetle of youth, the warm and enter
prising wasp of long ago.
Several prospectors among the
crowds now going to the Klondike are
In search of a river of gold. In the ab
sence of anything better such a river
would be worth finding. Gold brought
down In a tank steamer and drawn off
Into barrels would be a pleasant varia
tion. Some there are who regard these
enthusiasts as over sanguine, but there
is not one In the lot of scoffers who
knows whether or not there is such a
stream. The mere fact that they have
never seen it Is no evidence. Nobody
ever picked up gold from the foot of a
rainbow, yet the existence of the metal
there has not been disproved. Indeed,
It seems not unreasonable that the
rainbow gold constitutes the source of
the river now being sought. Each suc
ceeding rainbow depositing its aurifer
ous accumulation, there would in time
be a vast supply. As the bow is so con
structed that it must shed water, the
probability that it would start a stream
can be recognized, and this would na
turally wash away the gold, and there's
your river. But if a transitory rainbow
ap do a thing like this, the capacity
>t the aurora borealis, a more station
iry affair, can hardly be calculated.
The gold must slide ndown its perpen
dicular sides in vast quantity. The
lurora. however, presumably springs
from the northern sea, and has been
loing it for, quite a while. The logical
conclusion is that the water there
abouts must be a sea of gold. This is
what the gentlemen should try to find.
I would not- advise them to monkey
with a mere river.
The Clark creatures who have come
to light at St. Helena intellectually
and morally seem to be of the lowest
type. I can see neither profit nor de
light in exploiting their foulness. An
analysis of herself by herself does not
appeal to me as a high order of enter
prise. But there is one characteristic
of the man and woman which is worth
taking up, because there have been of
late so many instances similar. I re
fer to the maudlin professions of re
ligion, the disgusting familiarity with
which they assume to be on friendly
terms with Christ, to be "saved." I
would like to know what they have
been "saved" from, so as to be able
to take steps to avoid being likewise
snatched from the burning. There is
a grave mistake made by good but en
thusiastic people when they visit such
degenerates and treat them as among
the redeemed. Think of calling upon
George Clark, fresh from the murder of
his brother, reeking of a deeper guilt,
to lead in prayer: think of him clasp
ing his hands, kneeling and making
avowal of his Innocence. These dis
gusting episodes do more to harm the
cause of religion and check a natural
respect for evangelistic zeal than can
be overcome by the thunder of the
drums and the shouts of hallelujah.
In writing of the death of a scholar
an intelligent correspondent called
him a professor of "Bell's Letters."
This is beyond comment. I can only
record here the desire that the Spirit
of the scholar, breaking loose from it 9
present environment, shall come and
roost evermore on the foot of the cor
respondent's bed, making such life as
shall remain to the sinner one long
troubled dream.
• • • •
Last week I found It necessary to
write a paragraph concerning the fa
cility with which Arthur McEwen for
gets such friends as may no longer b«
of use to him, and cited a few Illus
trations. The paragraph gave him
full credit for ability, and I have seen
no occasion for modifying it In the
least. McEwen's letter this week
bears out my estimate. The latest
friend whom he has deserted is Judge
Maguire in extolment of whose vir
tues he has expended much ink. It
is true that while here McEwen wrote
something in disparagement of the
Judge, but he wrote at the same time
much more forcefully in his praise.
The encomium was supposed to be
heartfelt, and the contrary to be in
response to the opportunity to make
space rates, an anomalous course
which McEwen is ever ready to defend.
Yet in the present instance he is less
at fault than would appear. He did
nothing more than briefly insult his
old friend, by insinuation more than
by actual word. The graver fault was
that of the paper which published the
letter. This paper is under the disad
vantage of being misconducted editor
ially by a brainless blackguard, and
naturally there is little to be expected
of it. The letter was so set forth in
large type as to create a false impres
sion relative to its character. It really
contained much of interest, and the
Maguire reference was only an item.
I would be glad to see McEwen suc
ceed in the East and do not question
that he is competent to do so. But he
cannot expect to retain any reputation
for sincerity if he continues to make
his hero of one hour the villain of the
next.
THE CELLO.
M'hen late I heard the trembling cello play,
In every face I saw sad memories
That from dark secret chambers where they
lay '
Rose, and looked forth from melancholy
eyes.
So every mournful thought found there a tone
To match despondence; sorrow knew lta
mate:
111 fortune sighed, and mute despair made
moan ;
And one deep chord gave answer, "Late —
too late."
Then ceased the quivering strain, and swift
returned
Into Its depth the secret of each heart:
Each face took on its mask, where lately
burned
A spirit charmed to sight by music's art:
But unto one who caught that inner flame
No face of all can ever seem the same.
— The February Century.
REFLECTIONS OF A BACHELOR.
Women and cats are alike, because they
both have soulful eyes.
Femininity is- the ability to speak feel
ingly on any subject at all.
A girl never takes much stock in a
game that hasn't got some queer way of
dressing for.
The average man will stay up two
hours later because he knows he has to
fix the furnace before he Roes to bed.
The women can never have a very good
time after they have got up a club, be
cause they are always wondering why
the men laugh so at it.
BLASTS FROM RAM'S HORN.
The sweetest flower of the grospel Is
charity.
A poor picture is not helped by being
put in a good light.
In religious controversy ferocity is not
the only sign of fidelity. ,
For a certain class of minds, infidelity
is the hall-mark of genius.
He who casts stones at others makes of
himself a target for their return.
The confession of past folly may be
only the profession of present wisdom
He who always complains of the clouds
receives little of life's sunshine, and de
serves less.
When tlie X rays are so perfected as to
reveal a man's thought, there will be a
radical change in thinking.
Cal. glace fruit 50c perlb at Townsend's.*
E. H. Black, painter. 120 Eddy St. •
Guillet icecream. 905 Larkln. Tel. East 19S.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
_■♦ » .
When you soe a man with a curious
gait he has probably got it from walking:
around the house and trying not to step
on the dress patterns his wife has laid
out on the flours.— New York Press.
NEW TO-DAY.
The luxury of
a breakfast is in its
Nice Hot BisGirit
rolls and muffins.
Royal Baking Powder
makes them light,
sweet and delicious.OAKLAND WATER
COMPANIES ARE
LAYING PLANS
Influence Being Brought to Bear on the
Members of. the City Council to
Get Them in Line.
Trying to Have a New-
Basis for Fixing
the Rates.
The City Injured by Malicious
Pamphlets Sent Broad
cast.
PEOPLE FULLY AROUSED.
No Juggling Will Be Permitted if
Righteous Indignation Can
Prevent It.
The note of warning sounded by The
yesterday morning regarding the
'- danger of a raise in Oakland water
rates met with a responsive chord in
the city across the bay. The people re
alized the danger, and were earnest in
their commendation of The Call for its
exposure of the combination to raise
the rates.
F. Girard, who has always stood by
the people during his incumbency in
the Council, was especially pleased with
the fact that The Call had taken the
matter up. "There is something up,"
said he. "It is plain that there is a
move pn foot to raise the rates, and the
action of The Call in calling the atten
tion of the people to the conditions will
do much to prevent the combination
" from hurting the people. I have been
appro-ached too much by people from
the water companies telling me how to
do and how to act, and I am tired of
. It. I know my own business, and don't
belong to either company, and shall
work for the people all the time. I
don't want any of their bluffers com- ',
ing around telling me what to do. My
record is plain, and they should know
that lam always for the people. I
shall be in favor of a reduction of rates
rather than a raise, and when the time
come? 1 will see to it that the people
do not get the worst of it. The people
pay me my salary,' and I am working
for them."
This interview Indicates the danger
that was noted in the article in yester
day's Call. There have been "bluffers"
at work on members of the Council,
telling them what to do in the water
rate matter. Just whom they have
been to. cannot be told, but it is certain
that influence has been brought to bear
(on some of the members in the hope
of having something done that would
assist the water companies in getting
back some of the money that has been
arted In the fight which has been go
ing on for the past three years. While
the officials of the company are stren
uous in their denials of any intention
of having the rates raised, and while
they say that all that is intended is to
- have a "little readjustment" of rates.
it is evidently the intention to have the
Council, or at least the committee to
•which is referred the matter, investi
gate the question of values and make
a- new rating on a new basis.
According to Councilman Henneber-
TT. who is chairman of the Fire and
Water Committee, there is at present
no legal rate. He says that the fact
that the retiring Council did not pass the
ordinance last year in February, but left
It for the incoming Council to pass, vi
tiated the ordinance, and the result is
now the whole thing is wide open and
the companies can charge what they
please. : *l
Frank K. Mott, who was chairman of ■
the Fire and Water CommiUee of the i
last Council, was much pleased with ,
the action of The Call in showing to !
th/? people of Oakland the danger '
which menaced them. He said that It j
was plain that something was brew- '
ing, and unless the people kept a close
watch there would be a readjustment |
which would mean a raise all along
the line. Mr. Mott said that when the ;
old City Council went Into office they I
found very extortionate rates prevail- !
SPECIAL !
ANNOUNCEMENT!
Our Large and Splendid Issue of January 23
having Been Quickly Exhausted, the
GOLDEN JUBILEE i
EDITION OE !
THE CALL . !
WILL BE
Specially Issued To-day j
in Its Entirety, j
In Order to Satisfy THE GREAT DEMAND
for that IMMENSELY POPULAR
NUMBER.
Ing, and availed themselves of the first
opportunity to reduce them to a fair
basis, thereby saving hundreds of
thousands of dollars to the people of
the city.
"After a thorough investigation of
the cost, value and revenue of the
i Contra r*osta Water Company," said
! Mr. Mott, "it was clearly shown that
; a great reduction in the existing water
: rates could be made, and should have
: been made many years before. Our
; committee made a very careful ar.d
I searching Investigation relative to the
i value of this company's plant, and we
found that there were many items in
the company's estimate that had no
bearing whatever on the value. We
cut out everything that did not belong
| there, eliminating a lot of land that
; had been bought to keep other com
panies from obtaining water rights,
and also eliminating properties that
j were plainly investments. The result
was that instead of a valuation of more
than six million dollars we reduced it
i to below two million, and then, to set
off any possible mistake, we added
enough to make it reach $2.424. fif.9 SI
On this valuation the rates were fixed,
giving the company 5 per cent income
annually. If they have lost money, it
is because they have cut the rates to
such an extent that they could not
make anything."
While there Is a general feeling
among the people of Oakland against
making a fight on the water compan
ies, or on any other corporations, for
that matter, it is thought that the rate
cutting that has been going on be
tween the two companies has done
more harm to the city than the saving
has benefited the Individuals. There
has been much of politics In the fight,
and the Board of Health was brought
into it to the extent that a special
committee of that body made an in
vestigation into the water supplies of
the two companies, with the evident
intent to show that the Contra Costa
Company got its water from sources
which were deleterious to the health
of the city.
The report of this committee strongly
condemned the water supply of the
Contra Costa Company and praised
the good water of the Oakland Com
pany. This report was printed in
pamphlet form and scattered broadcast
over the city, and also sent out over the
State. In it was suggested that the
prevalence of zymotic diseases in the
c-ity was due to the use of the Contra
Costa water. "While the people of Oak
land understand the animus of the
attack, and knew that.it was inspired
by an effort to aid the Oakland Water
Company, the report was utilized by
the enemies of Oakland to the disad
vantage of that city. In other cities
the real estate dealers kept files of the
Oakland papers, and also numbers of
the Board of Health pamphlet, on hand
for the inspection of Eastern visitors
who contemplated the purchase of
property and who had a desire to visit
Oakland before buying.
The startling statements regarding
sickness and disease which were thus
sent broadcast had the effect of turn
ing many away who otherwise would
have investigated the advantaees of
Oakland before settling down elsewhere
in the State.
While the water companies were re
sponsible for these statements they
forgot that Health Officer Dunn was
not a politician and so did not look af
ter his report which was published
January 11. In this he showed con
clusively that the report of the spe
cial committee had been biased and
without foundation, for instead of Oak
land being an unhealthy city it is one
of the healthiest in the country. He
says in his report:
"Comparison with other cities shows
that the death rate in New Orleans is
23.34 per thousand. In New York 21.r>2,
San Francisco 17.08, Sacramento 15.60.
while in Oakland it Is 12.22. The very
low death rate from zymotic diseases
wns a marked feature in last year's
report."
It WHI thus be pern that In addition
10 bringing about a chaotic condition
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 30, 1898.
MOROSCO'S NOVELTY IN ARCHITECTURE.
Designs have been prepared for Walter Morosco, the well-known theatrical man, for a cottage that will be
a novelty in its way. It will be built at Geranium Place, three miles east of Fruitvale, on plans by Victor de
Prosse, a local architect of note and designer of the Pabst Cafe building. The handsome structure will be located
on a gently sloping hill, where all its salient features will be cast into bold relief. In style the building will be
modeled after the European mountain houses and will oocupy a space 85x130 feet.
The interior will be divided into a grand hall, to which the owner also attaches the adjective "somber," large
parlors and dining rooms, library and other features of a modern mansion. The plumbing and other accessor
ies will be of the very best pattern extant. At one end of the "somber" hall, the room in which guests will be
entertained, will be placed a magnificent organ. Opposite is to be situated a fourteen-foot double staircase,
with elegant Italian wood-carved figures surmounting the columns. Another feature of Interest will be a nine
foot bowlder and clinker brick fireplace.
It will thus be seen that the popular theatrical man is not content with driving an eight-tandem team
through the park with his own single-line arrangement, but must needs have a country residence to do a little
entertaining at odd hours.
In water rates to the detriment of bus
iness methods of the city, the water
companies have furnished false argu
ments to the enemies of the city with
which to drive away possible purchas
ers of homesteads. It is this fact that
causes the people to feel that while
they have no fight to make on corpor
ations they have a desire to see the
water companies suffer for their own
misdeeds and recoup themselves for
their losses by a return to legitimate
business methods rather than by a
raise in rates at the expense of the
people.
While it may not be the intention of
the two companies to form a business
alliance it is evident from their actions
that they have determined to form an
alliance having for its object the rais
ing of rates to a figure that will per
mit them to recover some of the money
recklessly spent in vain endeavor to
run each other out of business. It is
this combination that threatens dan
ger to the people, and should the mem
bers of the Council see fit to make a
change of basis upon which to fix the
rates for the coming year it would
mean that a series Of juggling would
take place which would end only when
the water companies got a figure that
would restore much of the 'lost ground.
The Call has warned the people and
has shown exactly wherein the danger
lies. It is for the people of 'Oakland
to save themselves by a strong and
determined stand against any juggling
with rates. If the rates now in vogue
were satisfactory to the companies for
the past three years while they were
fighting they are certainly high enough
to be satisfactory now with an in
creased population and no additional
investment on the plants. This is the
position taken by the conservative
members of the Council and this is the
position which will be maintained by
the people.
The water companies have had their
friends at work trying to bring argu
ment and influence to bear on the
members of the Council which is a
sure indication .that something is in
tended that needs bolstering. The peo
ple, knowing this fact, will watch
closely the action of the Council in or
der to prevent. If possible, any "re
adjustment" which will mean a heavy
tax on the users of water.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
I C. Cox. a big cattleman of BakersfleM.
is at the Grand.
Superior Judge A. Smith of Stockton Is
a rueat at th»- Qrmad.
A. P. dllilM) superintendent of the
■ Magnolia mine, is at the I.i<k.
Henry Levin, a mining man of Tucson,
Ariz., is a guest at the Baldwin.
Fred Cox. a wealthy banker of Sacra
i mrntn. is registered at the Grand.
C. EL Phillips, a large land owner of
' San Jose, is staying at the Palace.
W. F. Peterson, a •well-known business
n.an of Sacramento, is at the Grand.
A. B. Butler, the raisin grower of Fres
no, Is at the Palace, with Mrs. Butler.
P. F. Strauh and E. O. Garratt are two
[ army officers who are at the Occidental.
E. James, one of San Jose's fore
most merchants, is a guest at the Cali
fornia.
E. D. McCabe. the State Librarian, is
registered at the California from Sacra
mento.
J. M. Day, Postmaster of Los Angeles,
is among those who arrived at the Grand
I yesterday.
State Senator E. C. Voorheis has oomo
up from Santa Cruz and is stopping: at
the Palaco.
D. J. Flannlgan. a hip mill man of Eu
reka, was among the arrivals at the
Grand yesterday.
General Charles Cadwalader. a well
known lawyer and oolitician of Red Bluff.
is at the Palaco.
James Watson, a loading man of Wash
ington. D. C, is one of the late arrivals
; at the California.
J. J*. McDonald, a prominent business,
society and political man of, Chicago, is
registered at the Palace.
A. Coventry, a rancher of San Diepo. is
jin the city on a business trip. Ho is
staying at the Occidental.
W. B. Gilbert. Judge of the United
States Circuit Court at Portland, Or., is
; a guest at the Occidental.
Thomes Blair and John Harps, two
] prominent business men of Arcata, are at
| the Occidental with their wives.
R. G. Brown, manager of the Standard
mine in Bodie. has come down to the city
for Jubilee week and is at the Palace.
E. F. Benhard. well Known In the mer
| cantlle community of Fresno, has taken
| rooms at the Lick for a short stay in the
city.
C. J. Titus of the Golden Eagle and
William Land of the .Western are two
Sacramento hotel men who are at pres
ent staying nt the Palace.
D. B. Wilder, one <>f the foremost busi
ness men and politicians of Santa Cruz,
Is Jn the city on r short visit of pleasure.
He is staying ;it the <«rnnd.
B. M. Maddox ami William H. Ham
mond, two members of the Democratic
Ptat>» Central Committee, are at the
California from their homes In Vlsalia.
J. S. Coffin, who !« connected with the
New York business of the drug house of
Redington & Co.. Is In the city OB a
business trip. He is staying: at the Palace.
J. Marion P.rooks. member of the Demo
cratic State Central Committee, also trus
tee of the State Kornutl School and prom
inent attorney <>f the Los Angeles bar. ir.
at the Grand on a t»hort visit to the city.
George B. Branch and F. Payne are at
the Baldwin, with their wives and a party
nf Mends, who have come down from
Petaluma on a pl<:isure trip during the
Jubilee week.
Benjamin F. Dore. an old resident of
San Francisco in former years and one
of the pioneer print--- of the early 'hO's.
l«ut now a prosperous vlneyardist of Fres
no, is in the city ...;i :.
R. W. Truman. H. D Campbell, j. W.
Bennle and 1,. \V. i" nan. four gentle
men connected with the Iron Mountain
mine of Shasta County are staying at the
Palace while enjoying a short vacation
In the city.
Fkjnner in the
i ::ne of the head
barkrpprr at one
of th.' popular
downtown hotels
and the cigar
J <J O O O O O
A SIMPLE
SON
OF ITALY.
0000000000 22 "f, * V
Bane hostelry Is
presided over by a flaxen haired Individ
ual commonly known as "Charlie the
Teuton." on account of his origin. The
porter, who takes care of that portion of
the building, has no name at all that any
one has ever been able to discover, so Is
referred to as the "Dago." The "Dago"
is a firm believer in the possibilities of
the Little Louisiana lottery, and never
allows a month to pass without taking at
least one shy at the game. He Is con
sidered by Skinner and Charlie to be
rather a simple sort of ■ fellow, and Is
consequently made the object of many
practical Jokes, which, somehow or other
have never yet turned out exactly as the
two perpetrator! figured they would
These miscarriages of their attempts to
be funny have never been ascribed to
any cleverness on the part of the "Dago."
as it was considered ' impossible that
so unsophisticated a being as the
intend. victim of their plans could
possibly have the. cunning to circum
vent two such wise persons as bin
tormentors. A little circumstance that
occurred the other day, however, has
rather shaken their faith In their' own
acuteness and the simplicity of the
"Dago." The "Dago" had purchased a
ticket in the lottery, and with his ac
customed faith In human nature had
shown it to his friend "Dutchman." The
day of the drawing this untutored child
Of sunny Italy came out to the front of
the cigar stand to clean up. as usual, and
as he set about the work he handed' the
man behind the counter a list of the win
ning: numbers that he had Just received,
telling that person to glance over It and
see if there was anything doing, as he
himself had not yet had time to look.
The first number that Charlie sought for
was the one he remember. to have seen
on the "Dago's" ticket, and as soon as he
cast his eye down the column and found
that it had drawn an approximation
prize of $5 he began to figure on the bull
luck of some people who haven't enough
savvy to come in but of the rain. "Have
1 anything there. Charlie?" asked the
"Dago." as he continued to push the mop
over the floor. "Not a thing, old man,"
answered the wily German, "but I hate
to see you come out at the short end
every time, and a little bet that Skinner
and I made yesterday may give me a
chance to help you out. A fellow came
in here and said that every ticket in the
city had been sold and that we could not
purchase one for love or .money. We bet
him $10 we could. Now. if you keep your
mouth shut about the matter we will give
you $2 50 for your ticket, which is no
good to you now." The transaction was
made and the "Dago" went Inside, leav
ing Charlie and Skinner laughing over
the way they had fooled him at the small
expense of $1 25 apiece.
Just then the lottery agent came by
and the ticket was passed over to him
for. collection. "This ticket Is worth
nothing," said the seller of chances. "The
last number on this is 6. and the approx
imation number is S." Charlie and Skin
ner grabbed the list given them by the
"Dago" and found by careful inspection
that the last figure of the fatal number
had, by means ;of • a little ink, been
changed from a 6 to an S.
This story got out bocause the "Dago"
was so simple that ho could not keep
his mouth shut about the transaction, as
directed to by the knowing Charlie.
Templar Grove of Druids.
There was a pleasant reunion last night
in Union Square Hall, of the members of
Templar Grove No. 19, U. A. O. D., and
their friends, to celebrate the twenty
seventh anniversary of the institution of
the grove. A. programme of music, song
and recitation was presented,- after which
there wa<s dancing until a late hour. - -
SAYS THE BEER
WAS DRUGGED
John C. Traynor Robbed
in a Barbary Coast
Dive.
His Purse and Watch Taken
From Him While He Slept
in a Chair.
Picked Up by a Policeman and
Charged With Being
Drunk.
J- C. Travnnr, whn lives on Na
toma street, near Fifth, claims he
was drugged in a saloon on Jacks- >n
street, below Kearny, Friday nierht.
and robbed of $22 50. Last evening he
visited police headquarters and in
formed Chief Lees of the occurrence.
Traynor is employed as a laborer on
the new ferry building. Friday even
ing he was naid off. and. being
anxious to make some purchases, he
walked along Jackson street to
Kearny. Meeting a friend, he invited
him to have a drink, and together they
entered the saloon in which he claimed
he was drugged. Traynor called for
a glass of beer, and after drinking it
he became drowsy and fell asleep.
When he awakened, some time after
ward, his purse, containing $22 50. was
gone, as well as a cheap silver watch
which he carried in his vest pocket.
Realizing he had been drugged.
Traynor accused the bartender of
having robbed him. The latter, he
says, seized him by the throat and
after severely choking him threw him
in the street. In the struggle he lost
his hat. Traynor wandered around the
streets until he was picked up by
Policeman Minnehan. who took him to
the City Pris.-n, where he was charged
with being drunk. Judce Campbell, on
lc.:rning his story, promptly released
him.
To Chief Lees last night Traynor
said he- was not a drinking man. He
emphatically denied that he was under
the influence of liquor at the time he
entered the saloon.
"I had Just quit work." he remarked
when telling his story, "'and as I was
anxious t<> tret some provisions I
walked up Jackson street as far as
Kearny. It whs there I met the friend
who accompanied me to the saloon.
After drinking the beer I felt rather
queer, and turning to my friend told
him of my suspicions. I then fell into
a chair and went to sleep. What be
came of him Ido not know. lam con
vinced, however, that he knew nothing
of the robbery."
After listening to the story Chief
Lees detailed Detective Tom Gibson to
Investigate the matter. Gibson visited
the saloon where Traynor claimed to
have been robbed, but the proprietor
emphatically denied having seen him.
Traynor says he will to-day swear out
a warrant for the arrest of the bar
tender charging him with robbery.
Landaus. Wagonettes. Traps and Drags
of the latest designs at O'Brien & Sons',
Golden Gate avenue and Polk street. •
DISPOSED OF RECREATION PARK
J.T. Moron Offers to Take It Off
Receiver Elfving's rlar)ds.
Acting under the Instructions of Judge
Seawell. Receiver Carl W. Elfvlng. for
the Recreation Park, advertised the base
ball grouiuis for sale. Eleven o'clock yes
terday was the time set for the auction,
and quite a crowd of prospective pur
chasers assembled to bid.
After a great deal of discussion, J. T.
Moran of Greonhood & Moran fame
agreed to pay off the $4000 debt and take
a mortgage on the property.
The sale of the park was due to the
continued disagreements between Messrs.
Robinson and Daly, who were its lessees.
Should the court confirm Mr. Moran's
offer he will become the possessor of the
park and all its Improvements.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Jan. 29.— Marshal Hale
of San Francisco is at, the Netherlands
Hotel. W, G. McOnrty of San Francisco
is at the Stuart House. Judge Calvin
Edperton of I,ns Angeles is at the Fifth
Avenue House. R. D. Davis of Sacra
mento is at the Alhemarle Hotel, and \V.
O. Hole of Sacramento Is at the Hotel
HnrthoUll.
Pozzoni's Complexion
Powder produces a soft and beautiful skin:
it combines every element of beauty and
purity.
' ■ ._ ■ NEW TO-DAY. v£U>?i W'S^&l'*
THE BALDWIN
CLOTHIERS"
PURCHASE OE THE ENTIRE
CHICAGO
BANKRUPT
STOCK
OF CLOTHING, HATS AND FURNISHING GOODS, amounting to
over $75,000 (seventy-five thousand dollars). ■ Our lucky purchase
of the entire stock of the Chicago bankrupt goods at about 25c on
the dollar will enable us to offer our patrons such bargains as were never
heard of before. All week long our big basement has been the scene of
busy workmen, packers and stockkeepers getting ready for this great bank-
rupt sale. Now all is in readiness so when the big gong sounds to-morrow
morning at 8 o'clock the salesmen, sales ladies and employes in general
will be there to serve you, to show you, to explain to you the wonderful
values as advertised in this great journal to-day. Each and every article is
here — $15.00 Suits at $5.15, and so on through the list, so you can see
what a saving it will be for thrifty purchasers. It will pay you to borrow
money or draw it out of the bank to attend this golden opportunity in buying
finest goods at less than cost of making.
(DE IE 500 MEN'S SUITS that were $10 00, $12 00, 515 00, Chicago C C | c
vJJvJ.BO Bankrupt Price vt>3.l3
CC CCSSO MEN'S OVERCOATS that were $12 00 and $15 00. <£ [- CR
vJJv^.VJvJ Chicago Bankrupt Price .W)3.Oj
Cl l(\ BOYS' SUITS, ages 4to 14 years that were $3 00, $3 50, £f tg\
vPI.IVF Chicago Bankrupt Price gM.IU
C^y QC YOUTHS' SUITS, ages 12 to 19 years* that were $6 50 fcnTTjtZ
vU^r.^vJ and $7 50. Chicago Bankrupt Price U>^»c7v3
&| IE MEN'S AND YOUNG MEN'S TROUSERS that are <£| I-
vPl.lvJ 53 00, $3 50, $4 00, Chicago Bankrupt Price *4>1.10
|Ep MEN'S OVERALLS, about 1000 pairs, all sizes. Blue I c
and Brown, .that were 50c, Chicago Bankrupt Price... iOQ
MEN'S FINE PERCALE SHIRTS, two collars and
/ "*C / x extra pair cuffs, that were $100, Chicago Bankrupt *)[»
AJt Price JLOC
MEN'S HEAVY 16-THREAE) DERBY RIBBED BAL-
OCp BRIGGAN UNDERWEAR, that are 75c each, Chi- -)|-
■* v -**' cago Bankrupt Price JmOQ,
2E r LITTLE BOYS' KNEE PANTS, that were 50c. 65c, Chi- tTcZ
J *" cago Bankrupt Price ....'. .;.... »t)C
lOr MEN'S AND BOYS' GOLF CAP, all colors, that were 4(\
lvr *' 25c. 35c, Chicago Bankrupt Price lUC
AC C MEN'S AND YOUNG MEN'S DERBY HATS, latest AS~
T-IJC style, that were $150, Chicago Bankrupt Price T"i)C
|A r - MEN'S NECKWEAR, thousands of regular 50c goods, tf\
lvt Chicago Bankrupt Price lUC
Iftr MEN'S SUSPENDERS, IOOO pair or more, that were 50c, '' |/\
IVFI/ Chicago Bankrupt Price ...... ". lUC
JCC_ MEN'S ALL-WOOL SWEATERS, colors blue, black C —
"*H* and red, that were $1 50. Chicago Bankrupt Price O£>C
Iflr MEN' 3 ALL-WOOL HALF-HOSE, that were 35c pair, tf\
IV/C Chicago Bankrupt Price lUC
9C r MEN'S T'MHRELLAS, about 600 altogether, that were <n r
AOV, $100, Chicago Bankrupt Price Xt>C
Cl Qft MEN " S GENUINE MACKINTOSHES, in case of rain, Cl t\{\
ypimZJKJ tnat were >•; .30. Chicago Bankrupt Price Cjsl«yil
THE BALDWIN
■'' v '" ■-."*-
Mall Orders will receive our I GlotFl]BrS 9 HatteTS and GOITIDiete
prompt attention for all goods ■/■ ■•• n ..... *
advertised. Klondike Outfitters, ~
Klondike Price List sent post ' 924 9 Market St.,
free for the asking. ivicliikcl 01.,
——a—i i 'mmii i ■— — i a— i San Francisco, Cal.
ALASKA GOLD FIELDS!
THE COOKS INLET
MINING AND
COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
Incorporated under the Laws of Colorado, hence StocK
Uncssessable.
CAPITAL STOCK 100,000 SHARES, PAR VALUE $1.59 PER SHARE.
OFFERS 10,000 SHARES OF STOCK AT 50c. PER SHARE CASH.
Mines Worked by Hydraulic Process.
Gravel Beds, from 5 tc 25 feet deep, paying from 50 cts. to $2 50 per cubic
yard: gravel bed practically inexhaustible.
Subscriptions received by any of the following-named officers and direct-
ors:
E. A. BLODGETT. president, 227 Market street
E. H. BLACK, vice-president. 120 Eddy.
J. F. CROSETT, secretary, 628 Sacramento street
H. C. BI'NKER, 26R6 Mission street.
J. H. OKADY, 18 Post street.
GEORGE T. SHAW. Odd Fellows' Building. Seventh and Market streets,
WILLIAM METZNER, 535 Market street.
J. N. VAN* NOY, superintendent. IS Post street.
a c«sr4;/ : TVTTTI
/Sr-^; *■ DYEA -~ .
I run -and-
Sql v SKAGOAY.
¥*\¥^ t> 'lili/']f*7' a m.T^ r '■•'■' The Elegant Fast Steamer: •
DR. BWEANY. uii»nn/M i-nt*
If you are suffering from the results of H I lAA B^C J 8 8 it
Indiscretions of youth, or from excesses *■ Jj V^ J■ 1 A«-» %^ £>— a L*S 1
of any kind in maturer years: or if you
have Shrunken Organs. Lame Back, Vari- WILL SAIL FROM SEATTLE ON
cocele. Rupture, exhaustive drains, etc.. OR ASOUT FEBRUARY 5.
you should waste no time, but consult this
Great Specialist: he speedily and perma- OPEN SUNDAYS.
nently cures all diseases of Men and Wo- ohein .&ui\Dftv&.
men. Call on or write him to-day. He — —
can cure you. Valuable Book sent" Free. For passage and freight apply Quickly to
Address ; , ■' • " -
F. L. s"wbany m D *!• yViAGEE JR.,
737 Market Street. San Francisco, Cal. 3 , 0 CLAY STREET.
IVEW WESTERN HOTEL, YOUNG, OLD OR MIDDLE-AGED MEN
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE- Suffering from the effects of youthful errors or
modeled and renovated. KING. • WARD & premature decay should send u*Z my book of
CO. European' plan. Rooms 50c to $1 £Cday, 100 pages, which " explains all " the i««»<*rets.
$5 to $S week. $8 to $30 month. Free- baths: Mailed free securely sealed in plain wrupver.
hot and cold water, every room: re crates in Address ■» , ■ -y- -.■ •
every room; elevator runs all night. 1 DR . LOBB, 329 N. 15th St., Phila., P •
— --
78
CONGRESS AND SILVER.
QUIETUS ON
THE TELLER
RESOLUTION
Leaders of the House
Decide to Lose
No Time.
Adverse Report Will Be
Made by Ways and
Means Committee.
And To-Morrow the Matter
Will Be Disposed Of With
out Delay.
PROMPT ACTION IN ORDER.
Representatives to Show the Country
That They Are Not Ready
for a Silver Basis.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Jan. 29.
The determination was reached by '
the leaders in the House of Representa- i
tives to-day that the Teller resolution '
for the payment of bonds in silver,
passed by the Senate last night, should
be disposed of by the House on Mon
day, in order that the attitude of that
branch of Congress might be placed be- :
fore the country immediately. This
conclusion was reached after numerous
conferences between Speaker Reed, ;
Chairman Dingley of the Ways and |
Means Committee, Dalzell and Hender-
Bon of the Rules Committee and other i
Influential members of the House. Late ,
In the day the resolution, which had j
ccme over from the Senate, was re
ferred by the Speaker to the Ways and ]
Means Committee, and Chairman Ding- \
ley at once gave notice of a special
meeting of the committee at 10:30 Mon- j
day morning. At the same time he |
notified Democratic members of the ]
committee what his general purpose
was, substantially as follows: The reso- j
lotion will be considered by the com- i
mittee on Monday and an adverse re- j
port made on it. No amendment or '
change in the phraseology will be made. ''
but the adverse report will be on the
resolution as it stands. This will be I
Bubmitted to the House when it con
venes on Monday, and plans made to
dispose of the matter before the day's
session closes.
As to the procedure on the floor.
Dingley made no prediction, beyond
paying that it was proposed to dispose
of the subject on Monday. This will '
doubtless require a special rule as to i
debate. A basis for such a rule was
presented to-day by Dalzell in the form !
of a resolution providing that the reso- I
lutlon be considered immediately after '
the report of the Ways and Means !
Committee. The committee will prob
ably be ready to report by 12 o'clock,
so that under the Dalzell resolution the !
debate will begin shortly after noon.
It is probable that before the House
assembles the Dalzell resolution will be
so arranged as to shape the hours erf
debate and set a time for a vote.
The determination to bring the sub- j
Ject to an immediate issue gave gen- j
eral satisfaction among the majority ;
of the members. Some had desired to i
put aside all other business to-day and
vote down the Teller business before
the week closed. Representative
Johnson of Indiana took the lead in \
urging this movement. It was finally i
concluded, however, to let the reso
lution go to the Ways and Means
Committee with the direct assurance
of Chairman Dingley that the issue
would be pressed to a conclusion on
Monday.
Soon after Speaker Reed reached the
Capitol he was called on by members
of the Rules Committee, with a view to
determining what course should be
adopted. Chairman Dingley, the floor
leader, favored a reference to the Ways
and Means Committee, and gave assur
ances that prompt action would be
taken, doubtless by an adverse report j
to the House. This view was shared j
by Dalzell and Henderson of the Rules
Committee.
A strong feeling developed, however,
for Immediate action without the usual
reference to a committee. Represen
tative Johnson of Indiana, a member
of the Currency Committee, called on
the Speaker and urged this line of ac
tion. He said that the House should
act to-day, thus giving an immediate
answer to the country to offset the ac
tion of the Senate last night. Delay
even for a few days, he urged, would j
permit the silver majority in the Sen
ate to secure a prestige before the
country, which they would not have if
the House acted immediately. He
asked that the views of the other mem
bers on that proposition be secured,
and Johnson interviewed a number
who favored prompt action.
In the meantime the resolution came
over from the Senate and was laid
aside temporarily until a definite line
of action could be agreed upon. The
current of sentiment was for a refer
ence to the Ways and Means Commit
tee, the understanding being that this
committee might not wait until the
usual weekly meeting next Wednesday
but would have a special meeting eariy
In the week in order to make an ad
verpe report.
There was some talk that the reso
lution offered gave the opportunity to j
engraft upon it an amendment clearly i
defining the views of the majority in !
the House, and some urged that this
course should be pursued. This did not
meet with favor, however, as it threat- ■
ened a possible division in the major- I
lty, while it was said that the solid Rp. j
publican vote, not including the avowed
Silver-Republicans, would be given to
an adverse report.
After further conference Dalzell In
troduced the following resolution:
"Resolved, That immediately upon
the report to the House by the Commit
tee on Ways and Means of the Senate
concurrent resolution No. 22 (Teller
resolution) it shall be In order to pro
ceed to the consideration of said re
port."
This was referred to the Rules Com
mittee, and will serve ac the basis of
a special rule, fixing the time and lim
its of the debate, if this course is con-
Bidered desirable. As Dalzell Is a mem
ber of the Rules Committee, his reso
lution was regarded as showing a pur
pose 1o have the question disposed of
immediately after the Ways and Means
Committee reported.
Senator Teller received a number of
telegram? last night and to-day, con- !
gratulating him and the silver fcfTOM in
the Senate upon the passage of the Tel--i
ler resolution. Among the congratula- j
tory messages wu one from W. J.
Bryan, which was confined to a mere
expression of satisfaction over the re
sult.
THE FORTIFICATIONS
APPROPRIATION BILL.
Provision for the Extensive System of Sea-
Coast Defenses Now in Course of
Completion.
WASHINGTON. Jnn. 20— The fortinoa-
tions appropriation bill, providing for the
extensive system of nacoast defense?,
now in course of completion, was re
ported to the House to-day. It carries
$4,144,912, as against estimates made by
the War Department of J13.375.571. The
amounts allowed by the bill for the main
items are as follows: Gun and mortar
batteries. $1,000,000; sites for fortifica
tions, $300,000; preservation and repair of
fortifications. 575.000; plans for fortifica
tions, $5000; seawalls and embankments,
$30,000: torpedoes for harbor defenses,
1150,000; armament of fortifications, .$2,033,
7T7; Held puns and other miscellaneous
items $296,235; proving grounds, Sandy
Hook. N. J.. 146.000; Watertown arsenal,
Massachusetts, 550.900; Watervliet ar
senal. New York. 128.000: ordnance and
fortification board. $100,000; total, $4,144,
912.
In the detailed items for armament are
J259.0C0 for large coast defense puns. $424.
000 for gun carriages, $152,720 for breech
loading mortars, $391,000 for a reserve sup
ply of powder and projectiles and $205.
060 for rapid-fire puns. Provision is made
that the armament shall be of American
make, except when it is to the manifest
interest of the Government to purchase
limited quantities abroad
AFFRAY AT A FANDANGO.
One Man Dangerously Stabbed in a Fight
Among the Guests.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 29.— Frank Alviso
was brought to town this morning by
Constable Mellville of Aptos and lodged
In jail with a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon upon Steven Tejada
against him. Tejada narrowly escaped
being killed. He was at a fandango near
Valencia, and at 4 o'clock this morning
there was some trouble among the guests.
In the melee Tejada was struck by a boy
and went out of the house. He was fol
lowed by Alviso, who attacked him with
a jack knife. A gash was Inflicted on the
back of the neck, his ear was slit, one of
his cheeks was cut the entire length, the
nose gashed and several ugly stabs were
made at the back of his head. His coat
was slashed In a number of places and
was saturated with blood from the
wounds received.
•-«-.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noor.an, 1017-1023 Mission.
AT THE FORUM CLUB RECEPTION.
Fashionable Crush in Which Club and Society
Women Were Well Represented.
The ladies of the Forum Club entertained their fellow clubwomen and
friends at a reception in their new quarters, In Central block, yesterday
afternoon, and the result was a fashionable crush. In which were mingled
all the representative clubwomen as well as the prominent social leaders.
It was a delightfully genial crush. The ladies came early and remained
late. They partook with affable grace of the elaborate refreshments of
fered for their delectation, and ceased at regular intervals the merry hum
of conversation to listen tc and applaud the excellent musical programme
arranged for their approval and delight.
The ladies of Sorosis, Century, Sketch, Ebell, Philomath, Laurel Hall,
Mills Fortnightly and Women's Prci clubs wore the guests of the Forum,
and each organisation sent a creditable delegation to represent it.
In their new quarters the Forum is established on those nearly ideal
lines that have long been the aim of all women's clubs. The rooms are
large, comfortable and airy, and furnished with that artistic touch that
makes even the stiffest corner cozy and inviting. The large lecture-room
is easily converted into a reception-hall. The clubrooms proper, with the
adjoining blue and white tearoom, are open all day. Writing material Is
nt hand, tea always ready to be Fervr-d in fetching delft, and a dainty
maid is in attendance to offer the hospitality the club affords to all Its mem
bers
Yesterday the bright and pretty rooms were gay with fragrant blos
soms. Cordons of greenery and bright red berries lent a festive appearance
to the rooms, and lamps and incandescent lights, all shaded In red, shed a
soft, entrancing light over the brilliant scene.
The ladies of the club acted as a reception committee, and were all
gowned in modish reception costume.
The hours of the reception were from 3 till 6 o'clock, during M'hich fully
1200 ladies were entertained.
Miss Boyan, Miss Edmunds, Mrs. Martin Schultz, Mr. Rolk^r, Mr.
Cramer, Miss Millie Flynn and Professor Stewart contributed to the musi
cal programme o? the afternoon.
The officers of the Forum Club are as follows:
President, Mrs. Francis L. Whitney; first vice-president, Mrs. M.
Regensburger; second vice-president, Mrs. Clinton Jones; third vice-presi
dent, Mrs. James Dunn: recording secretary, Mrs. W. D. Fennimore; cor
responding secretary, Mrs. James Alva Watt; treasurer, Mrs. Granvil'le W.
Stewart.
Board of directors— Mrs. Francis Lincoln Whitney (chairman), Mrs. A.
Dawson d'Ancona, Mrs. George Leviston, Mrs. George Spaulding, Mrs. Re
becca Jenninps, Mrs. Clinton Jones, Mrs. K. A. Godfrey, Mrs. W. D. Fenni
more, Mrs. James Alva Watt, Mrs. W. F. Mills, Mrs. James Dunn Mr« M
Regensburger, Mrs. Granville W. Stewart.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, BFKDAT, JANUARY 30, 1898.
ALL KINDS
OF TALK IN
THE HOUSE
An Abatement of the
Political Debate
Not in Sight.
Wide Range of Discussion
on the Appropriation
Bills.
But It Is All Merely a Struggle
for Political Advan
tage.
ACRIMONY IS DISPLAYED.
Statesmen Not in Accord on the
Subject of the Return of
Prosperity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, Jan. 29.
There seems to be no prospect of an
abatement of the political debate
which has been In progress In the
House during the consideration of the
appropriation bills. Again to-day al
most the entire session was consumed
in the discussion of political topics.
The controverted question . as to
whether prosperity had arrived at
tracted the most attention and inter
est, and testimony pro and con was
offered throughout the House. At times
considerable acrimony was displayed,
but as a rule the debate was pood
natured, both sides seeming to recog
nize that it was merely a struggle to
score political advantages.
At the opening of the session 'of the
House a bill to permit the building of a
bridge across the Mississippi River at
Coon Rapids, at the northern limits of
the city of Minneapolis, was passed. ..•
Immediately afterward the clerk of
the Senate appeared and transmitted the
Teller resolution, which passed the Sen
ate last night The announcement was
greeted with a terrific outburst of ap
plause from the Democratic side of the
House. No motion was made at the time
and the resolution remained on the table.
The fortification appropriation bill was
referred, and, on motion of Grout (R.)
the House went into committee of the
whole and resumed the consideration of
the District of Columbia bill. •---
The general debate was not confined to
the subjects dealt with by the bill. It
covered a wide range. The Teller resolu
tion, the Cuban question, the Hawaiian
annexation, the tariff and other pollClcal
topics were discussed. ■ -'. ; ■- v
At the conclusion of the general debate
the bill was taken up for amendment
under the five-minute rule.
King (D.) of Utah raised a laugh by
offering an amendment to appropriate
$50,000 for the improvement of the white
House, "to make It a suitable abode for
Hon. Mark Hanna." The amendment was
ruled out of order.
Simpson (Pop.) of Kansas commented
upon President McKinley'a speech at the
manufacturers' dinner, in New York, say-
Ing that the attempt to make all the ob
ligations of the United States payable in
the dearest money in the world was
"dress coat anarchy." He said it was
now the fashion for Republicans to sneer
at "backwoods statesmen," and he re
minded the majority that all the Republi
can heroes of the past had come from the
rural district. The Republican party, he
declared, had at last become the open
defender of plutocracy.
Tongue (R.) of Oregon, in a spirited re
ply, denounced the Populists and Demo
crats for being responsible through, the
passage of the Wilson tariff bill for the
depression and poverty of the farming
classes.
The discussion became very animated
when the topic of prosperity was reach
ed. Richardson (D.) of Tennessee pre
cipitated it, and Grosvenor (R.) of Ohio.
Cochran (1).» of Missouri. Hopkins (R.)
of Illinois. M lhany (R.) of New York and
Fitzgerald (D.) of Massachusetts took
NEW TO-DAY.
2526 VISITED THE NEW SANITARIUM.
PEOPLE ARE AMAZED AT THE jffiW DURING THE PAST 3 MONTHS
MARVELOUS CURES /^^m
ni? "sfIPFR^ Mil m Cases fa Examio - 1 '
NEUTRALIZING SYSTEM^^m nL?h X \m\M?
AFTER ALL OTHERS HAD FAILED. \%#^m «CIC llCjcClcQ uS lIIIIIIqUICi
/^T^^. /^NWJNG to the large number applying for treatment every day, DR. SOPER has been ,£e2i^^^
Vlktih' » compelled to add to his Staff of Physicians, thus insuring no delay in waiting upon
II^AA ]s* patients as soon as they call. IL if -<%
Msf* \js%r,. DR. SOPER realizes that there are thousands of people in need •sT^^^Wi>
-/W£? of good medical attention who cannot pay the usual charges, and he •■•"wt r! i4 kI J
]V^ therefore GUARANTEES that by his New System the cost of treat- JKSjJL.
< I "fflKEfl f '**'*• ment to cure every case he accepts will not exceed the price quoted fMv^^'y^T>-
below INCLUDING ALL MEDICINES. " I^/f ■
Catarrh $20 00 | Dropsy $30 00 | Kidney Diseases $20 0) I Diabetes "... $23 00
Rheumatism 20 00 Dyspepsia 15 00 Nervous Debility 20 00 ! Ulcers (chronic) '.'."'."l «5
Neuralgia 20 00 Deafness 30 00 ; Syphilis , 30 00 i Bladder diseases V". " 20 00
Sciatica . KM Bronchitis -^ 20 00- Varicocele 20 00 ! Loss of Manhood 20 00
Fistula .....:::::;:;:: no 00 Epilepsy or Fits 30 00 I Stricture 30 00 Gonorrhea . 10 00
Asthma I!;... 2500- Diseases of Liver ....... 20 00 Rupture 40 <». cileot " ..V . ! * ."I 15 00
Gravel . .. 20 00 Goitre or Thick Neck... 30 00 Piles 20 00 I nright's' Disease 40 00
Consumption (first stage) SOOO Salt Rheum 2.. 00 Paralysis ................ 60 00 I Tumors ..? .$5O 00 to' 400 00
Tape Worm . „... 20 00 i Diseases of V, omen .... 20 00 , Skin Diseases w. 20 00 I Cancer ........ $lOO 00 to 600 00
' _ ' ; ,-i;^--- ■ THE NEUTRALIZING SYSTEM OF
By this method patients know to a cent __„, =l_^=s====-*S> — TREATMENT is a boon to suffering- hu-
what it will cost them for a permanent •- _^^, ■ ~rc^"^_— -^T ■ • manity as it does away with the taking
cvr *. ■"" "' j^^^tl. * — '**" ' of P ols °nous mineral remedies and ena-
IT IS YES OR NO WITH THESE horned slck to.be ■ treated at their own
II IS IES OK NO v ITII THLbh e^eC^H^&'hii^ *^s£S§i^ homes.
PHYSICIANS. IF INCURABLE THEY "*tK5 Hiifl^ -^Tftt fcZi^^l^^' MEN who are Nervous. Despondent.
wii t t,-i t i-^.- c,^ rr,,,.^ e.vivf MEN who nro Nervous, Despondent.
"WILL TELL "iOU SO, Till & SAVING |?S* 8 11 1 i? ?ft tto&t*i Diseased and Weak from early Indiscre-
YOU TIME AND MONEY. JIWI-"d^a3' "nr^JPS BiffHT tiOn and , excess in llfe readily restored
All those v.-ho are unable to pay tho hfjrmfk i2r! ESfiif t^to, " •
prices ([voted above v.ill receive services j* If iSc? S^sff fjSiE t SnSf DISEASES OF WOMEN treated by an
free by giving satisfactory evidence of i^wfH &^~jr^*^- v^UjUiSl : I entirely new and painless method,
their humble circumstances. Si '— TJJL -IJ* 1 - J)f I >m~l Hours: 10 to 12 a. m., 2to 5 and- 7to 8
No matter what your Disoape or Af- MSl afilai Hf ijtf lffi S3SBF P. Those unable' to to 12 a. m. history of
m .? rnnttpr wh^t your Disease or Af- 'iSiiIH HI ttr> :Jf 2SI3bV Those unable to call Bend history of
"ecu" 1 Vh"' Spinio'n" °^tSi£ U %SlsS^ »! free ' th 2C StamP "*
CANADIAN PHYSICIANS, as it costs - l^ : *^^Sn^^>£^g2«aL. Correspondence confldential. Consulta-
you nothing. . - T._\^~-~,~ l?rn^~*~ tion, examination and advice free. .
DR. /\. SOPER'S S/\INIT/\RIUM,
k254k 254 TAYLOR STREET, Corner Post Street, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL ?
part. The latter again brought up the
New England cotton strikes, which have
played considerable part in the - debate
on previous days. Simpkins (R.) of Mas
sachusetts, in the course of his reply,
drew a round of applause from the Dem
ocratic side by stating that he frankly
confessed that, in his opinion, there were
likely to be more strikes under a protec
tive than under a free trade system. The
applause ceased, however, and arose on
the other side when he added that this
was because under a free trade sustem
men would have no work, and when they
did it would be for what they could get.
For some time the debate was confined
to the business situation in Massachu
setts, Knox, McCall and other Republi
cans of that State contesting: the position
advanced by Fitzgerald that prosperity,
had not come to the commonwealth un
der the Dingley law.
Hepburn (R.) of lowa created some en
thusiasm on the Republican side when he
read the Dun Trade Review as an an
swer to the Democratic critics as to the
effects of the Dingley law. Members of
the House, he said, no matter what their
politics, have no right, in attempting to
score a little cheap political capital, to
become the libellers and slanderers of
their country.
Allen (D.) of Mississippi enlivened the
proceedings with one of his witty
speeches. He said he was tired of hav
ing Dingley get up every day and explain
why his bill had not met the expectations
of the country. It was very absurd, he
said, but it was with the same serious,
solemn mien with which the Jewish
clothier explained to him how he was
able to sell goods below cost. In the
course of some remarks in a more serious
vein Allen aroused the Democrats to ap
plause by quoting the following from a
speech delivered by President McKlnley
in the House in 1890, when the McKinley
bill was under consideration: "When
merchandise is cheapest men are poorest,
and the most distressing experiences in
the history of our country— yea. in all
human history— been when every
thing was the lowest and cheapest meas
ured by gold, for everything was higher
and dearest measured by labor."
After some further remarks by Dins
more (D.) of Arkansas and Pitney (R.) of
New Jersey. Todd (D.) of Michigan and
Hawley (R.) of Texas, the House at 5
p i 12' f . ter completing seventeen pages
of the bill, adjourned.
ENGLISH PLANS
IN NICARAGUA.
They Contemplate the Entire
Commercial Control of the
Country.
Oreat Britain Anxious to Secure a
Railroad to Parallel tho
Canal.
Copyright, !«?', by James Gordon Bennett.
PANAMA, Jan. 29.— Advices just re
ceived from the Herald's correspondent
with the Nicagagua Canal Commission,
under date of Managua, state that if
English plans succeed the entire commer
cial control of Nicaragua will be in Eng
lish hands.
According to these advices the British
Atlas Company has offered $5,000,000 for
the Government railroads and steamers.
The Government wants $6,000,000. An
agent of the Atlas line has left London
to come here to try to make terms. Ger
many, through her Consul, promises a
bid from ■ German syndicate, and asks
that the Government wait. The Gov
ernment will not close with England be
fore receiving the German bid. It would
pr f<r an American bid for the three
■teamen and the 109 miles of railroad to
be sold. Such a purchase would prevent
any other syndicate from operating in the
country.
If the Atlas Company gets the road It
will have through lines from the Atlan
tic to the Pacific. The Atlas bid is taken
here as an indication that the canal will
be built, and that England will have a
way across the country practically paral
lel with the canal.
NO OPEN RUPTURE BETWEEN
ARGENTINA AND CHILE.
VALPARAISO, Jan. 29.— Senor Mor
eno's sudden departure for Argentina
yesterday gave the alarmist press here
an excuse for publishing extras stating
that Uiere h d been an open rupture be
tween Argentina and Chile. It now de
relopa that Senor Moreno, the Argentina
Boundary Commissioner, is only on two
months' vacation, and there Is no reason
Cor alarm.
RUFFIN`S SENTENCE COMMUTED.
Had Been Convicted of Failing to Pay a
Board Bill.
BACRAM&NTO, Jan. 29. — Governor
Bvdd to-day commuted the sentence of
K. W. Ruffin, who was tried and con
victed of defrau<ling an innkeeper in San
I'rancisco last October. The reasons set
f.irth arc that at the time he assumed
his oblipati.il to the innkeeper whom he
v. as convicted nf defrauding; he believed
himself to be of sufficient l.nancial abil
ity to discharge the same. Rufttn has a
wife and child dependent upon him for
support, and his- pardon was asked> for
by the Judge before whom he was tried
and the Prosecuting Attorney, besides
the complaining witness, who has been
given a promissory note covering the
amount Ol the indebtedness.
MR. LOUD IS
MUCH AMUSED
Says He Did Not Revile
the Brooklyn Busi
ness Men.
If They Did Not Realize That,
Then the Shoe
Fits.
The Congressman Severely Taken to
Task by a Great New York
Newspaper.
Special Dispatch to The Call. *
[ *
Call Office, Riggs House, )
Washington, Jan. 29.
Representative Loud of California. ; *
chairman of the Committee on Post- i
offices and Post Roads, was inclined to }
be amused to-day at the publication of <
a story charging that he had called the i
delegation of Brooklyn citizens who <
came to "Washington to see him about \ i
a proposed reduction of the letter car- ', i
rier force "asses." j i
"I doubtless did criticize their ac- I 3
tion," said Mr. Loud. "I did say to \ i
them that I was surprised that men of i
their intelligence and reputation should ; <
be engaged in holding meetings to pro- ! )
test against something when they had ! 'i
not investigated the subject and did j i
not know what they were protesting j <
about. They denounced me as chair- i ;
man of the Committee on Postoffices i !
and Post Roads for an act of purely \ ]
departmental administration. That <
was all that I said, and if the grentle- ]
men have gone away and said they <
were characterized as ' asses.' it <
must have been from an overpowering <
sense of the fitness of things." <
NEW YORK, Jan. The World .
prints the following editorially: "There , <
is another Congressman with a mouth. :
His name is Loud. It is a name that ; <
is curiously apropos. Loud is chair- ,
man of the House Committee on Post- j i
offices. It has been his task to ex- ! ;
plain and defend the stupid proposi- ! j
tion to cover a deficiency by reducing ,
carrier forces and consequently the ;
incomes of great city postoffices. In :
explaining this policy Loud revealed j
the fact that the deficiency had been j
caused by political maneuvers in mak- j
ing places as carriers for Republican j
'boys' in localities where no carriers ;
were needed. Presumably Loud has
been taken to task for his little slip, ;
and the scolding has made him ill- I
tempered. That presumption will ac- j
count for his turning on the delegation !
of Brooklyn business men yesterday
morning and calling them a 'pack of
d d asses' for . coming to argue
aginst the proposed crippling of their ■
city's mail service. But accounting
for Loud's brutal impertinence is not \
excusing it. The man guilty of this I
outbreak is an insult to the national
decency and intelligence bo long as he
sits in Congress. Cannon, of Illinois :
was punished by his own State for a !
scarcely worse offense than this. What j
will happen to Loud of California?"
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
Congress Asked to Make an Appropriation
for the Office of Inspector of Steam
Vessels for Alaska.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 20.— The Secretary
of the Treasury to-day submitted to Con
gress a letter asking an appropriation for
the creation of the office of Inspector of
Steam Vessels for Alaska,
A postoffice was to-day established at
Wamersvllle, Stanislaus County, Cal.,
Michael Kinser appointed postmaster.
Pensions have been granted aa follows:
California: Original— Robert W. Martin,
Vallejo, $8; Charles Smith. Downey, $S;
George W. Riley, Orovllle. $6. Increase —
Michael O'Brien, Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles, %f< to JS. Original widows, etc. —
Minors of Albert McGrath, Highland
Park. $12; Anne Chamberlain. San Jose,
$8; Electra Hunsinger, Fort Jones, $S.
Oregon: Original— George W. Stoops,
Phoenix, $6: Arthur Putnam, Portland,
$t>: Joseph R. Ventress, Blachly, $6.
Washington: Original (special January
21)— Edward M.allagan, Walla Walla, $24;
Dominick Connelly, Spokane, JS.
Army orders — By direction of tho Act
ing Secretary of War, First Lieutenant
Edwin B. Babbitt, ordnance department,
will proceed from Benicia arsenal to the
Presidio of San Francisco on official
business pertaining to the firing tests of
three two-inch shrapnel, and upon the
completion thereof will return to his
proper station. Ordnance Sergeant Ed
ward M. Williams, now at the Presidio, j
San Francisco, will be sent to Fort Baker,
Cal.
I NEW TO-DAY.
,H) Wm/vt he Sfws iS&evi i
a &^TE§EJH
The popular dentifrice known as
Van Buskirk's Sozodont contains
ingredients that will prove of the
greatest utility to the health of
j the mouth and teeth.
G. F. J. COLBIRN, D.D.S.,
j Author of * Popular Dentistry."
1 A sample of Sn;odont for three cents. r
! p. O. Box 247, X. Y. City. I
j HALL A RT7CKEI -' !
' KIW TOEK Proprietors LONDON I
il — ', ""•&
1 ANNUAL |
I Clearance Sale |
BOM ' ■ «
Is, & g7gump, |
I Art Store, i
£ 113 Geary Street. *
1 20% Discount §"*
| Pictures, |
I Statuary, g
o Ornaments, g
| Crockery, a
§ Glassware, Etc. «
o o
» SALE TO LAST DURING MONTH «
% OF FEBRUARY ONLY. § .
0 «
111 viTrfffH
m Woolen Blankets, J |
I. Mackinaw Clothing, |
I Extra Heayy I i
S Flannel Underwear
ffl and Overwear, g
I Extra Heavy Socks, fig
Woolen Mitts, J
Gloves, Socks, p
Corduroy Snits, Etc. m
The test in the world to re- jjw
I sist cold, wear and hard usnee- Hj
121-123 SansomeSfJ
Ask your f\ ATI R fl 31
Dru^ist CATARRH
for a generous frwn-.-i **■-■■
1O CENT W&Cbi^S* l^
TRIAL SIZE. Kc4?4MBAIVnI
|J^W^fS coi ;S
ELY'S r^B&^
CREAM BALM & Js^A
contains no cocaine, mer-^Mr^
cury or any other Injurious fgl£rt^^oo?J&s!;
It opens and cleans the *(2lBtrxz>*^<'^fi
Nasal Passages, Allays
•Pain and Inflammation, Oft IPI ' llri PI
Heals and Protects the LuLUi[inEfiD
M S "the Sen., >ULU Id II tflU
Restores the Senses of wv "- u""l«-IIUu ""l«-IIU
Taste and Smell. ■ Is quickly absorbed. Gives
relief at once. 50 cts. at Druggists or by mall-
Trial Size 10c. at Druggists or by mail '
ELY BROTHERS. EC Warren St., New York.
fifINDT FM'A.^ FFR P s ®
«—^ wTilii^JulJifiiTO,! LiLJ.M. .
. ijl In purchasing see that each
S> candle isstampedJ.AlENNON
iaa on side near end, take no other. .
'^fr ALL GROCEBSMEP THEM.
WELL TO KNOW*
THAT YOU CAN On San Francisco
BORROW MONEY Real Estate at
1 FROM US. .... ©l\2 per ct.
CALIFORNIA TITLE
INSURANCE AND TRUST CO.,
MIIjI-iS BTJILiDIKrO-,
CHAS. PAGE, President.
HOWARD E. WKIG.IIT,
Secretary and Manager.
INITED STATES
LAUNDRY,
/ OFFICE.
■ 1004 Market St.,
\ Sear Powell.
Telephone, Sovitli 4ao, •■
— — — — __ —
l^ra DR. HALL'S REINYIGORATOR
|*fea|S?S^ Five hundred reward for any c<»S9
BiW.ve cannot cure. This secret remedy
ft i stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
BH| MB Emissions, Impotency Varicocele,
fjjfl TJTf gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits. Strictures.
CCiirj WtWB 1 ' * st Manhood and all wasting t-f-
jfVJSJJ ■fectsof self-abuseor excesses. Sent
ES3BSC2S3 sealed $'.' bottle; 3 bottles, $5: gruar
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 555 Broadway. Oakland, CaL Also
for sale at 1073% Market St.. S. F. All prl-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
_ , - ; _ __ _
QI3TTCUT7C FOR barbers. Bab?
Jj JLi U 0 11 OcrsO ers - - bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard-tables.
brewers, bookbinders, "_ candy-makers, canners,
dyers, ttourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printer*, painters, shoe factories.
• stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
. BUCHANAN BROS..
X Brush ManuiUvturers.GOy SacramcntoSt*ALASKA PILOTS
IN THE SWIM
Doubled Their Charges for
Taking Vessels toDyea
and Skaguay.
Coal and Lumber Advance in
Price Because of the Scar
city of Vessels.
Arrival or the Ship William J. Rotch
After a Long Passage From
New York.
The chartering of vessels for the gold
field rush still continues, and tho lack
of coasters is beginning to make itself
felt. Lumber has advanced In price,
and for lengths not in stock the deal
«rs are charging exorbitant rates, and
In some instances the timbers cnnir-t
be supplied. Friday night the whole-
Bale coal dealers held a meeting and
advanced the price of Wellington coal
%- a ton and Washington coals $1 a
ton. These prices will not be reduced
for at least eight months, and th^
chances are that before the Klondike
fever dies <vu there -will be a further
advance instead.
The. recent arrivals of heavy ship
ments of coal have not relieved the
market to any appreciable extent. Very
few of the black diamonds found their
way into yards, as retailerstookthecoal
away as quickly as it was discharged
out of the colliers. The withdrawal of
steamers and sailing vessels from the
trade in order to carry passen;;
Dyea and Skaguay has caused all tin
trouble, and there will be no relief for
the consumer until the rush tv the Yu
kon is over.
The ship Yosemite is to be turned into
a passenger vessel. All her" spars are
to be sent dowr and she will be towed
between Seattle and Dyea. Captain
Thomas Gattenby, formerly mate of the
vessel, will go out as master, vice Cap
tain Fullerton, who takes command of
the ship Harry Morse. The Yosemite
has been sold to E. F. Sweeny of Se
attle.
The bark Forest Queen Is also to Join
the Klondike fleet. She will go from
here to Tacoma to load lumber for San
Diego, after which she will be turned
Into a passenger b^at. She will be
built up- and on her arrival at Dyea
will be turned into a hotel. She will
have first-class accommodation, and
the chances are she will not lack pat
ronage. The Eclipse will serve as a
floating hotel at St. Michael, and Dyea
and Skaguay are not to be behind in
that respect.
The steam schooner Sunol has been
Fold by the L. E. White Lumber Com
pany to C. A. Hooper <S: Co. Tt is not
settled as to whether she will run to
Dyea or remain in the lumber trade.
J. R. Hanify is building a new
Bteamer for the lumber trade, and Cap
tain Johnson of the steam schooner
Scotia will command her. The Scotia.
in command of Captain Hansen, will
sail for Dyea and Skaguay via Seattle
next Tuesday.
Captain Downing of the steamer Ex
\l This is tho record of Dr. Sanden's Electric Bolt durinc the past year. It cured after every • : ''H^^li^^^ \T
f\ ''^%f^-;~}^i othor remedy failed, RHEUMATISM LAME BACK NERVOUS DEBILITY, LUMBAGO, llliPiPlf JBH B I«
l\ mW^m^^^^m, SCIATICA, FAILING vitality, VARICOCELE, kidney troubles, indigestion, i^ili^^ v '*33bßem ll
IP \ '-,'-■-;.' ; ;^%S# ' §4 DYSPEPSIA, CONSTIPATION, FEMALE WEAKNESS and the many weaknesses and pains of . SKiBW Sl^ WM
xLV ' /^■-Is^.l^^v':' . men and women upon which drugs have no effect except to ruin the stomach. lll»fi^^^^^s^^^^^^^ Jfl^
%&+ f^E?? THOUSANDS ARE PRAISING ITS GOOD U/ORK. • H '.'"H ll
Ij| • -r )r ' Sanden— Sir: It is now over' three months since | Dr. Sanden— Dear Sir: In June, a year axo. I purchased r * Jjjs§£Jr'. '7 " yKU t'^Jk II
>| ... ** } ,'' ' ' - I commenced wearing one or your Belts. 1 was so run down one of your Dr Sanden Kl^ctric Belts. I was a miserable suN Pfs& E |S%3^^^^MfeS^%^bf^i I U
JH Iwi. . . .-, ' .-•.:,-- . ■ that I hud to sivo up work - ] have been unu«-r the care of i fer.-r from Varicocele. Insomnia, and Rheumatism, with a gen- KS«Bl $$$&■ 3<S f^^^ftS^rafiS^sla \\&
'JsWTva**. Jv J^S»*? ; S^^^^£©^ i '^ doctor for two years, until I p«.t your 1:« It. Now the pain I oral broken-down feelinp. lam thankful to say your Belt has Ijnßu' MB^^^^^^^^MW^^tJ^
®IlK^ W^'h^^^^M'^^^^^M^ " ha<l ln m >' ißldi Bld » c has < ' oft ™,c, e - x have pained in weight ripht done all that was claimed for it. Since putting it on I have not > i#^^ LW^W^^^^^K^^
\lm ■ ''y'Cr&HIBK&Z-K - ' aJoiiß this last month, and my health is so much better In had one Rheumatic pain. 1 sleep well and am refreshed, where Wfclia ?l?t3si*S --M J ffi^l?Kl »sfsK^r!^ia *T
11 lanSESSissf ■ iB&f»P8«i every way that 1 can t praise your Belt enough. It has been before I would go three or four nights without Rettinp a wink *?As* ■ *Wl&fi-*l 9b«
11 ■ ?M?-Wash? **&&%*%»* a Godsend to me. I feel very grateful to you for what your 'of sleep I can thank God and your wonderful Belt for making tS* I 3&1 fIWHMM Wff # t^twJ^n^S^^^aV*-
II WW^RM ' Wp^sM£ } ' olt ha done for me ; and I will at an ?' time' be pleased to veri- \ a new man of me. I feel twenty years younger. Use this for KpMj BBBMBwf HE "^.vfe HSftl il
\W it'i >' • , Dr. Sanden-Dear Sir: During the last twenty-nve years I i^nAir'v core I am' working hard and am able to work S^^^^^^/« fIiSiPS F^M&WI
IF ™"V?%M Wv'^Sb have been N hl "' did' Rheumatism. At times it nearly harder Your Belt is all right," writes John 1.. Chambers from llli^"i^Wl/£f Q^W^^ mjßßm
//'I Jm/ IPfilil ►■; -- r■' 1 bought had of your best Belts, trouble was entirely a few A LADY'S THANKS. • . Ifiiil ' aMußmm^m
//' W H ' - ' wmks I had no more pain. My trouble was entirely cured. A LADY'S THANKS. v. >■£■■/?» i Hl^Bfll
ILf * lImI P'i'%4 flicked! a Yourruuly? 5 yy ° Ur Belt tO Joi^ " The nplt T recolvc< ! VoTwLd witTm Jn" WW^WWMI I IDfi
UflVl/ (* W^Si^j : '.;'-.. y CURED TWO YEARS AGO. ommend j^ur Belt." Mrs. C. S. Butler, Sycamore, Cal., Jan. W$M I»vswfr afi ' MM^E ' \ rlik
I 1 \ ft 4 an improvement, and now 1 feel like a new man altogether. I WORTH S>I(J.UUU. > Sj^Biß SffTfiS '^ 'j>
I I fly S^^^J ->' '5i?3 have seen the time when 1 would not take $1000 for it and" be "If it were not possible to pet another Belt. I would not ' HbKmI»KSVI ' ■ :- . • . *
I 1 litS vSstB&iSB f'^M^H without it. but I don't «-d it any more. It is about as power- i take $10 000 for mine. It does all you claim for it and more, as ; K>arA*T-t£*3S^ ■ v^^¥S<W^^"¥*^w6^v3lot
W/vT ■ . TSssaißl "' ■', i ful now as when I pot it in June. ISH3. I shall always speak ai my friends say I look like a new man. I tell them it's your IJWFJi ,v ' ' " :<;'-"
If B v&li' *' Js^*ils good word for your Beit." -"^ V- K. Furrey, 1M Blaino street, Belt that has done me so much good."— J. C. Cornelius, Rands- • Tkl^X" ''"^ - '^$f&if > ' ;.
&I J l^^f|^/ Santa Cruz, Cal., Jan. 22. 189 S. burg, Cal. ■BA^Bk^ jWK^E • - ' '
IIF &to&s B^Bpi There is not a town in the West which does not claim at least one cure by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. It is the most ■HfefeßjHSS&ffi I^^^^^S
||h' elffiMfrX. wonderful cure of the age. Don't suffer any longer. Get one of these life-giving Belts and be cured. The electric current * ; 4
fell /i^SpF^ ~ ' s e l instantly and can be regulated to suit the wearer. It is warranted for one year. Book telling all about it, with prices, . " £^' ■ / SbbV^^H 3
ifc^AkTr^^^lDf^ -v % A, "NTT"^Tr i ~NT ELECTRIC CO,, 6ao market street, (\ % «d' /
>■ - -""— ' . — vTT^-^r »CD-£^--LN _LJJtIj_LN J±jJ iHil s I I—l 1C , OU M Opposite Palace Hotel.  ? «*T * , . '*o^M>*
' ;•.-...- OTHER OFFICES— Wasliinpton street, Portland. Oregon; 204 South Broadway. Los Angeles, Cal.; «1 Sixteenth S^^S
street, Denver, Coi.; 255 Main street, Dallas, Texas.
The American Ship Wm. J. Rotch Arrived Off Port From New York Last Friday Night and Anchored
Inside the Nine-Fathom Buoy. A Tug Lay by Until 3p. m. Yesterday, and Then Captain Lan
caster Decided to Take a Tow.
colPior. now In the Klondike trade, has
been i San Francisco to tes
tily in a suit now pending between the
Pacific Steam Whaling Company and
the Alaska Packers' Association. Dur
ing his absence Chief Officer Donaldson
will command the Excelsior.
An attempt is being made to charter
the steam schooner Del Norte for the
Alaska trad". Should the deal be con
summated she will be built up and ac
commodation provided for l.'O passen
gers. The Crescent fftty will take per
place in the lumber trade.
Owing to the Immense fleet going to
Juneau, Dyea and Skaguay then
not half enough pilots to go around
and many of the steamers are taking
chances without them. The chart;.' for
pilotage a few months ago was $125,
but the rate has been Bteadily on th»>
advance until now it is $250 and still
rising. Owing to the numerous and
yery strong currents and the many
dangerous places on the route between
the Sound and Dyea and Skaguay, it
is very dangerous of course to steer
unless the navigator is thoroughly
versed In regard to the dangers. If
strangers attempt the passage this
winter and spring, the" chances are
that many an accident similar to that
of the Corona will have t<> be recorded.
Tht- Oceanic Steamship Company's
'/.- alandia is being got ready rapidly
to take the place <>f the Australia on
the Honolulu run. Chi^f Officer T. K.
Dowdell <>f the Alameda will go as
master of the Zealandia, and Jani<:;
E. Keller will be chief engineer. Cap
THE S.VX FBAXCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, JAXUARY 30, 1898.
ANCHORED ON THE BAR.
tain Dowdell is one of the most popu
lar officers In the employ of the
Oceanic Steamship Company, and his
friends will be pleased to learn of his
well-earned promotion. His place on
the Alameda will be taken by Captain
James Rawey.
There will be a number of changes
in the engine* r's department of the
Alameda this voyage. First Assist
ant S. EL Church, who has been with
the vessel ever since she went Into
commission, has resigned to become
chief engineer of the Commercial Pow( r
Company. His place will be taken
by C. Horgan and R. Denmark will
be promoted to second assistant, and
<;. Brown will become third assistant.
The American ship William J. K>>tch
arrived from New York yesterday af
ter a long voyage of -24 days. Last
Novemtx \ she was caught in a heavy
storm and had to put into Talcahuano
with her cargo shifted and h<T top
strained. She was repaired and
■ailed again on November :>. A few
days ago she was spoken by the ship
[roquois and yesterday she put in an
appearance early in the morning. The
wind fell light and sooner thh.i ac
cept ■ tow Captain Lancaster an
chored on the bar. At :> p. m. he
changed his mind and was brought in
by the tug Sea Witch.
A cablegram received here to-day by
a local shipping firm denies the report
circulated in marine circles sony few
days ago that the steamers Bothnia
and Scythia were to come f r mi the
Bast to engage in the business of
transportation to the Klondike. Van
couver aiv! Skaguay were the points
between which it was reported that
the steamers would run.
The rumors heretofore published in
The Call that the steamers Australia
a lid Csarina of the Oceanic line were to
engage in the Klondike trade have been
confirmed. As soon as the Australia
returns from !;<■:■ present trip to Hono
lulu she will immediately take up the
run between l>y«-a and Skaguay. She
will remain iM"'ii this run until spring,
when she will ply between San Fran
cl»co and St. Micha.l.
The Bteam r Cottage city, which
lall, INrkins & Co. purchased In
New Y'>rk boi •• time ago, reached port
at *- o'clock i^st evening, and anchored
off the barg'- office. Captain Goodall
brought th. -liip around the Horn, and
the trip in fifty-nine days, hav
ing, fair weather all the way. The Cot-
Ctty v. ill be put on the Alaska
route. .
(ioo-J Government
Is nn admirable, a much sought for arti
■ ■!.■. it" you want the best— and of course
you do— everj one does— ask fur Th<
rnnaeni Whisky. It's the perfection
of whisky, matured and bottled in bond.
Once used, always used. The I*. S. «J'>v
••rnniem guarantees Its age and purity,
William Wolff & Co. guarantee its
quality. •
A snake d< es not climb a tree or
brush by col Ing around it. but by hold
in:-' i>n witb ll scales. A snake on a
pan« of glass .- iin>»st helpless.
A WORTHY CAUSE
REQUIRES HELP
Presentation Convent School
Unable to Meet the
Taxes.
An Entertainment to Be Given by the
N«no Nagle Debating Club
Next Week.
Never before has the little Presenta
tion Convent on Powell and Lombard
streets called upon the public to assist it,
but this year, as with all other people,
the hard times has affected it and it now
finds itself obliged to ask assistance of
the people to help pay off the tax on the
property.
The way the convent seeks this little
favor is in the form of an entertainment,
ami all the numbers on the programme
aro very interesting and entertaining.
The musical and literary entertain
ment is to be given by the members of
the Nano Nagle Debating Club on Thurs
day evening, February 10. and promises
tn !.• a very interesting affair. The pro
gramme has a variety of numbers — cho
ruses, stringed orchestra, trombone solo,
recitations and selections by the chair
man of the evening. Dr. J. P. McCarthy,
while the laughable fnrce, "Events of a
N'ifht." is sure to meet a general ap
plause. The tableaux are of a striking
and highly entertaining character.
Tickets. JW cents, will be on sale at the
Monitor office. 529 Clay street: Mnuvais'
music store, Market street; Sherman &
Clay's, corner of Kearny and Sutter
streets, and at the Debating Club rooms.
1901 Powell street.
Manufacturing CorrjDany Incorporates.
The Pacific Coast Manufacturing Com
pany, organized for the purpose of con
ducting a general manufacturing busi
ness, illoil articles of incorporation yester
day. The capital stock of the corporation
Is $25,000, all of which has been subscribed.
The directors are: S. E. Wrenn. F. H.
Pond. M. I-. Nichols, Guy F. Maydwell
and A. K. Hackney.
CANCERS IN BREAST AND EYE
Learning that some remarkable
cures had been made recently in this
city by Dr. S. R. Chamley of 719 Mar
ket street, a Call reporter located the
two following cases:
Mrs. I. L. Pickard, who resides at
504 V, Guerrero street, was seen. She
said: "About five years ago I be
came afflicted with a lump In the breast
that was pronounced by my physician
a cancer. Later one appeared in the
other breast. I would not submit to
the knif»\ About this time I learned
of and visited Dr. Chamley and was
Immediately impressed with his. method.
In August, 1597, i commenced treat
ment. Within twelve days from that
time the cancers dropped out without
any pain. The sores healed rapidly,
leaving very little scars. I cannot
■peak too highly of Dr. Chamley and
his treatment."
A second call was made upon Mr.
Thomas F. Fish of room 29. Nevada
block, who said: "A few years ago a
little sore appeared on the lower lid of
my eye which proved to be a cancer. It
affected the eyeball and I lost the use
of the eye. A friend in Los Angeles
wrote me to go to Dr. Chamley and be
cured. In twenty days the cancer
came out. I recommend his cure to
all."
The doctor sends a 75-page book free
on cancers and tumors cured without
knife or pain. •
Insolvent Tobacco Dealer.
Julius B. Paulson, a cigar and tobacco
dealer, has been declared insolvent. His
liabilities are scheduled at $i>j.:;"o GO; as
sets about $3000.
CHARLES W. WILLEY'S WRECKED LIFE.
Charles Walter Willey, a young man who recently broke his father's -will,
and was awarded property of the value of 5125,000, was found dead in his
bed yesterday morning in his room at 1145 Mission street. A gas jet turned
partly on and the presence In the apartment of a suffocating quantity of
gas told the story of the sad ending of a wrecked and wasted life.
The deceased was 26 years old, the son of the late Amasa P. V\'illey, who
died in this city on February 16, 1893. He was the only child, but was a
grief instead of a blessing to his parents because of his appetite for liquor.
In 1892 he married Miss Georgietta Stevens, both being under age. and they
took up their residence with the parents of the groom. His mcrther died
soon after, and left her son the income of a piece of property on the cor
ner of Powell and Clay streets, amounting at that time to about $160 per
month, but at present it is not yielding more than $30 or $40 a
month. Young Wil'ey's wife subsequently obtained a divorce from him on
the ground of habitual intemperance, and was awarded $50 per month ali
mony. He never paid It except under compulsion, and on one occasion
he was confined five days in jail for contempt of court for refusing to pay
it. There is now due Miss Stevens about $1000 for alimony.
Amasa Willey left a will in which he bequeathed his property to trus
tff-s to be distributed by them to distant relatives in the East and to vari
ous charitable institutions, part to be distributed immediately and the re<
mainder after the death of his ft n. to whom he left an income of $500 per
year, with the proviso that if hi son should contest the will the allowance
should be stopped.
Shortly after his father was buried young Willey called an auctioneer
Into the house and sold all the furniture, and on the day he became of age
he mortgaged his income from his mother's estate for $1000, and squandered
the money in dissipation.
For several months past the young man has been rooming in the
house of Mrs. Harvey, his aunt having paid the rent for him. He had been
drinking more heavily than usual for the past week or so. It is not be
lieved that he committed suicide. He had undressed and had gone to bed
and presumably to sleep, for the bed clothing had been gathered around
him, and he was in the position of one in a natural sleep. The gas stop
cock was turned on about half way.
The deceased succeeded in breaking the will of his father, but the trus
tees have appealed to the Supreme Court.
A Curious Occident.
F. Anderson, an employe of the Bibb
Lumber Company's planing mill, Bay
and Stockton streets, met with a curious
accident yesterday afternoon. One of the
belts broke and a copper rivet was pro
pelled with such force that It struck his
boot and ■went through Into his foot. H«
was taken to the Receiving Hospital in
the ambulance, where the rivet was ex
tracted by Dr. Fitzpibbon.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
910
OPENING OF THE MINING FAIR
AND CLOSING OF THE JUBILEE.
THE Golden Jubilee celebration is
■■ and the Mining Fair has
opened. President McKinley sent
an electric spark flashing at
the continent and at his touch a
bell in the Mechanics' Pavilion
tolled the end of one event and i I
a welcome to another. Fifty taps were
given on the bell. One for each year
of the fifty that California has pros
pered since Marsh; i the- tirst
Bpeck of gold in the State at Butter's
Mill.
Over six thousand people crowded
into the Pavilion and cheered the Ju
bilee celebration as it closed and
THE HORACE MANN DRILL CORPS WINS THE BANNER.
Companies of Pupils of the Public Schools Hold a Competitive Drill at Golden Gate Park for a Handsome
Trophy Given by the Jubilee Committee.
cheered again when the bell announced
the opening of the fair. The first tap
on the bell started the machinery of
the fair In motion.
The opening ceremonies were simple.
A miniature tower had been construct
cl in the center of the great floor of the?
pavilion, and in it were three bells.
One had over a century ago tolled the
advance of civilization to the aborig
ines from the walls of the old Mission
Dolores. Another had rung the signals
of danger when lawlessness was rife in
Ban Francisco in the early days of the
city when the Vigilance Committee ad
ministered quick and effective justice.
!The other was a new bell, and on it
President McKinley announced the
closing of the Jubilee and th
of the Fair.
Close to the tower was erected a
small platform nn which as
sembled a few minutes before
tli" hour* for opening tri^ fair the
officers of the Jubilee celebration; the
Mining Fair committee, the Miners'
Association, and J. E. Brown. John W.
P.iqler, Azriah "White and William M.
Johnson, who were with Marshall when
the first nugget of gold was picked ui>
in California.
Immediately after the bell announced
the opening of the fair, the following
dispatches were sent direct to Presi- j
dent McKinley, from the Pavilion to :
the White House in Washington:
To the President: We thank you in tha :
■! the people of California fur your
participation in our Jul.il
T J.' PARSONS. Chairman Executive
Committee of the Jubil
J. H. JTEWBTT, President California Plo- '
Beers.
!'■ NEFF, President Miners' Asso
ciation.
To the President: The people of san
Francisco, rejoicing at their Jubilee
thank you for your interest in their wel
fare ana 1 for your felicitation on this
nappy occasion.
JAMES D. PHEJ^AN, Mayor.
A few minutes later the following'
message was handed to the Mayor by
the operator:
THE SAX FRAXCTSCO CALL, SUXDAT, JAXUAEY 30, 1898.
Executive Mansion,
Washington, Jan. 2f>. l^s.
T. J. Parsons, Chairman Xx
Commlti • ilden Jui>; •
( : .< epl ppr • rdiality of the in
■ •• 'nded to m< and embodied In
bo beautiful and valuable a souvenir.
which the people of California
marked a mighty
:n the % history of their Stat<- and of
untry. Th-ir splendid record for
patriotism and public enterprise is a
bright augury for the future, ami I am
fziai] to send greeting and best wishes
upon this memorable occasion. May
every blest to your great B
and may ti.-- memory of .your noble i>io
litably honored at your < '.
Jubilee. WILLIAM M'KINLEY.
The invitation and souvenir spoken
of in the dispatch were s^iit to the
Prr-Fident by express about a week ago.
It was a handsome little gold tablet on
which was engraved an invitation to
take part in th" .Jubilee.
Ernest A. Denicke. president of the
board of management of the fair, acted
as the chairman for the occasion. When
the bell had struck the last of the fifty
strokes he recited the origin of the
movement to celebrate the discovery of
gold in California and the efforts to
give a fair illustrative of the mining
industry of the West. Mr. Denicke
th-n, on behalf of the M- ehanics* In
stitute, turned the responsibilities of
th« fair over to the Miners' Associa
tion, of which Jacob N't ff is president.
Mr. Xeff in accepting the trust said:
Mr. Preside m and Members of the Me
chanics" Institute; in accepting on Jtahalf
of the California State Miners' Assotia
t!<>n the trust that you have bo courte
ously ami eloquently ; I, the occa-
Bion dtmands a few words In addition to
th<- formal acceptance of the Golden
Jubilee Mining Fair. It has l>e>-n my
pleasure ami my privilege as executive
the California State Miners'
Association, since its organization six
years ;mo. to note a const gnltion
<m tin- part of the M> « hanics' Institute of
S.in Francisco of the Importance of the
mining industry of California, and It has
been a source <pf support and satisfaction
that so old and Influential an Industrial
organisation has been so i•■ ■ erful a fan
tor in the rehabilitation of what many of
us deem the most Important Industry of
this . immonwealth. When the
• creating this mi- Ing fair was
originated we miners fi that only
through the active 00-opei tim of the
Mechanics' Institute could It be made an
assured success, and it is with pleasure I
make this public recognition of the fact.
As I stand here to-night, one of the
oldest active miners in the State, the
mists of memory rise, and as the shad
owy procession "of the years goes by I
realize that we are beginning a new era.
The past fifty years have pone into his
tory, with the men who made it. To
their achievements all honor; to their
success be great praise; let their mis
takes be measured by a most merciful
spirit of criticism. It is for us to press
on In the van of scientific mining, with
the latest discoveries, the most Improved
processes, the most Intelligent appli
ances, and keep California, as in the past.
In the lead of all other mining communi
ties and a State to which in generous ri
valry all other sections shall continue to
look for inspiration nnd example.
And now. as president of the California
State Miners' Association, on behalf of
that body I accept the tendered trust
and proclaim the Golden Jubilee Mining
Fair open till March 5. 1898, and. invite
miners everywhere to come and see the
exhibition of how gold mining is done
in California, and how San Francisco can
abundantly outfit the miner, whether he
seek for gold within our own borders or
journey to the Klondike.
" Mayor Pholan then Introduced the
four companions of Marshall, and In
his address said:
The city of San Francisco, as a labor
of love, decided to appropriately cele
brate the fiftieth anniversary of the dis
covery of gold In California. It is a mat
ter • of congratulation that the heroic
men— the pioneers of California— who had
the courage and Intelligence to improve
a golden opportunity have been so fit
tingly honored.
The Jubilee may be regarded as being
preliminary to the opening of the Min
ing Fair and leading up to it. Here the
miners have brought from the mountains
outcropping* of the wealth of California
and laid them before the people of the
State. On the seal of the city and county
of San Francisco are the words "Gold
In Peace and Iron In War." Gold signi
fies civilization and luxury. Iron fortitude
and courage. Those words tell the story
of our past. Over a hundred years ago
the old Mission bell, which you see before
you. called the 'Golden Bell." * told the
aborigines in musical language of the ar
rival of christianizing and civilizing in
fiuence and recalls the more than fifty
years of pastoral quiet which preceded
the gold discovery.
The other bell was a clarion call to
arms when the life of the community was
threatened before law had firmly assert
ed her authority daring the turbulent
days of the formation of the common
wealth. The Golden Jubilee bell, new,
bright and beautiful. Is the voice of the
present. Its sound falls upon the ear of
a prosperous and enlightened people, en
joying all the arts of peace in a city
which ranks with the great capitals of
the world.
California has been singularly honored
on this occasion by the President recog
nizing the great work which this State
has done for the Union during its lifty
years of existerce !>y consenting to open
this exposition, which he has done to
night. As late a.s 1546 Daniel Webster
doubted whether this remote country
could over be made a part of the Union
and William H. Beward, in the
Senate, aa late aa IBSO, In demanding the
admission of <alifornia as a State, said
thru her resources wen* such that if de
admlssloa it might he that she
would set up an Independent empire.
On account of her remote position It
might I>^ reasonably urged that there
was nothing in common between the East
and the W,. st . < 'alifornia was admitted
in that m<-moral>:<- year, but it was not
until forty-one days afterward that the
people of this State were Informed of the
fact. BOCh b.-it.g the difficulties of commu
nication. But what do wo see to-day?
Instantaneous communication exists be
tween the Capitol at Washington an:l the
city of San Francisco, located on the re
m..t. borders "f the republic. This gra
.' I of President BfcKlnley tells bet
ter than any language can describe the
progress civilization has made during the
last fifty golden years.
There is no State in the union that has
greater reason to rejoice than California,
and no city acting aa the mouthpiece of
the State and proclaiming its resources
to the world has been allotted a prouder
task.
A letter was read from Governor
Budd announcing his inability to be
nt <in aiTnunt of illness and ask
ins: Mayor Pttelao to represent him on
tl)-- occasion.
An excellent band has been secured
to be in attendance daily at the fair,
and last night the programme was as
follows:
Overture, "Jubilee" (first time)
(I-indpainter); Xylophone solo. James
Reed; Qimnd American Fantasie (new)
tStrauss): cornet solo, W. <5. Rogers;
Hungarian Khapsodie No. ?, (Lisst);
Idyl, "Evening Bells" CKilenbers);
miners' march, '"Miners' Exposition"
( Rogers).
The pavilion has been handsomely
decorated, and every detail Jn the ar
ranging of exhibits carried out in good
taste. In addition to the elaborate ex
hibits of machinery and practical meth
, ods of mining it is proposed to have a
1 series of lectures <?n various subjects of
: Interest to miners, and there will also
be a daily amusement attraction.
Charles G. Yale. S. B. Christy and A.
| M. Hunt, who were appointed as Judges
to make awards for the best exhibit on
I the opening night, reported that the
first prize should be given to Nevada
\ County's display. The exhibits of Tuo
' lumne and Calaveras counties were fa
! vorably spoken of by the Judges.
THE PRESIDENT PLEASED.
Mrs. MeKinley Honors Califor-
nia With Her Presence at
the Opening Ceremony.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 29— At 11:07
o"elock the President touched the but
ton opening the Jubilee Mining Fair.
The answers to his greetings were re
ceived in eight minutes. There were
present the President and Mrs. McKin
ley. Justice and Mrs. MrKenna, Mrs.
and Miss Stanford. Senators White and
Perkins, Representatives Maguire,
Loud. De Vries, Hilborn, Barham,
Barlow. Castle, and Mrs. Castle. Mrs.
De Vries. Mrs. Maguire, Mrs. Hilborn,
Miss Hilborn and Miss Loud.
Senator P3rkins called upon Senator
\Vhjte. as the senior Senator, to thank
the President for his kindness and
courtesy. Senator White, addressing
the President, thanked him on behalf
of the people of the State of California.
The President responded briefly, saying
that he enjoyed the decasion as thor
oughly as any other party present, and
\\:is pleased to have had the privilege
of sharing in the Golden Jubilee cele
bration.
In speaking of the occasion Judge
Maguire said: "The ceremony in* the
White House to-night was in many re
spects the most Impressive and inter
esting I have ever witnessed. Standing
| here with a group of enthusiastic Cali
fornians, surrounding the President of
the United States, while in an instant
of time actually rang the Jubilee bell in
the Mechanics' Pavilion in San Fran
cisco, 3200 miles away, impressed me
more than ever before with the truth
that intellect has conquered time and
space and that the chief magistrate of
this great nation is indeed in close
touch with the remotest sections of our
country.
"I venture to say that the audience
assembled in Pan Francisco which
, heard the bell answer to the touch of
the button here and which applauded
the President's beautifully framed and
sincere greeting was not more enthusi
astic than the California audience
which applauded the responses here.
We all feel that we have actually par
ticipated in the opening of the Jubi
lee fair, and we feel pleased to have
had the privilege of so doing. To the
President himself the occasion was
more than perfunctory. It was mani
fest that he was deeply and sincerely
interested, and really* enjoyed his share
I in the occasion.
"The unexpected presence of Mrs.
McKlnley gave an additional interest.
We regarded her presence as a very
; high compliment, since being a con
firmed Invalid, she rarely ever taxes
h-'!- strength to attend such functions.
j On the whole, the affair was very pleas
ant and highly gratifying to the just
and reasonable pride of Californians in
I the affair and the fame of the State."
CHILDREN AT DRILL.
The Young Folks Join in the
Jubilee Celebration.
Fifteen thousand children made
merry at Golden Gate Park yesterday.
It was children's day of the jubilee
week's festivities, and the young men
and the young ladies of the rising
generation — the children in frocks and
the tots just beginning to walk, as
well as scores in carriages exclusively
their own — joined in the celebration.
Children were at the park as soon as
the sun began to shine, and by 10 o'clock
the children's playground was crowded.
The merry-go-round did not stop from
the arrival of the first boy until dark
ness set in. except to change the loads
on the rocking wooden horses. The
donkeys and the goats were kept mov
ing In double-quick time all day, and
there was not a child in the park who
did not have a ride.
Captain Thomson and his squad of
park police and Sergeant Tobin and
twenty of the city policemen were on
hand early In the day to keep some
semblance of order among the boys
and girls; but the officers did not for
get that they were children themselves,
and the biggest buys in the park dur
ing the day were Captain Thomson
and Sergeant Tobin. The children just
mauled the policemen, and the police
men liked it. They laughed with the
little folks, and everybody had a good
time.
A lunch and candy and popcorn were
given to all the litle visitors. There
was a crush at the doors of the lunch
rooms all the afternoon, but no one
went hungry. It was a great effort for
G. H. Murphy, the superintendent of
the children's playground, to give
benches to so many.
The Calaveras band, with its mem
bers in the garb of the present-day
mlner. furnished plenty of music for
the occasion.
The competitive drill of classes from
the public schools was the attraction
of the day. A handsome silk banner,
given by the Jubilee committee, was the
trophy. Drilled classes from six schools
competed for the prize. The Mission
•Grammar School had a class of boys
and a class of girls that were anxious
to compete. The girls' class numbered
only thirty-eight, rank and file, and it
seems it warn the rule that there should
be a full company of fifty-six. George
Mehling, who had charge of the affair,
refused to allow the class to compete.
The girls of the class remonstrated
but Mehling was obdurate and replied:
"What do you want to compete for?
You won't get a prize, anyway."
The class of boys of the same school
had the requisite number in its ranks
and it was considered one of the best
drilled of the school companies Jn the
city. Its members refused to march
on the parade ground unless the girls'
class was allowed to Compete. The re
sult was that the drill was carrier! on
without a representation from the Mis
sion School.
Professor Edwards of the State Unl
NEW TO-DAY. >/
ffi% E VE MOVED FRO/V 1 TH^OO BL OCH,
To 809 Market Street, Flood Building, Corner Fourth and Market.
NO STUDENT OR INEXPERIENCED MEN : •-;. -"■-. ' .... •"— _ _. *
to do your work. We guarantee all work and V _. Av«Jfl ■tit. Jftlf* II '.A-
the most courteous treatment, with prices less \W\Vr WI / ui v itiyLS
than one-half given you by any first-class \,.«B0l! V\ M >*/,,
dentists In the city. For the next 30 days our *^sS* NX \\ /y/ y —^/l 1 */\
FU C LL will OF TEETH for ...\s4 50 up A^ VvK. F&~*ls*§Bb£ ' _^- 4*£ r
KIIX BET OF TEETH for $4 50 up Aft _J *&£
GOLD CROWNS, A 350 up V , Wgi ' '' -1 ' "'W -^T^^
BRIDGE WORK, per tooth 3 50 up = — W&L s/j'SZ- J^r""^ .
SILVER FILLING Bcup ? -^—- — *^2; &W#%'i/*-\-^ <■' *■
GOLD FILLING 75c up •\^^^f^Y^/4^''^'f/'i~7^. . '
CLEANING TEETH 600 up — Wt^DO W%Z/M'&*iML Abk^THlftV '
NO PAIN In extracting and no charge when /YS ■' - fefc ' i i^l\. ""^^-^
plates are ordered. POD yfS- - 'ZEZr'tW^ VTilT>
By leaving your order for Teeth In the morn- " ■ £&,"■ &*&.' W VU '-» <; >*^
ing you can get them the same day. JL VMsf & \v^ * ' •
Work done as well at night as by daylight by ./ \s<f £? \ ';\- Extracted
the modern electrical devices used here. Lady ' • >- f¥ \'Aen i cr\ ■• '
attendant. A physician' always in attendance. TrTTIIt ■ V<i l>llLto "
Don't forget the number- IJ- M H f\ ij CROWNED
800 MARKET STREET, COR. FOURTH, I *- tlll V^J ? $/ ' Rrld^ework
-Flood Building. Second Floor. , CONSULTATION FREE
nn »■ ««*■«••«•••■ t-U^btiJjTATION FREE.
Reception Room 7. DR. T. E. STRONG, 9 ?o^ ce m hOUrB " 9 a ' m"10 v m Sun(U^
verslty was the Judge of the contest.
The points he considered in reaching a
decision were: Timely arrival on the
grounds; the personal appearance of
the boys and girls of the companies;
attention in the ranks; ability of offi
cers; alignment, wheeling and march
ing in fours and in platoons.
The six companies that competed
were from the Horace Mann, Pacific
Heights, Hamilton. James Lick, Ever
ett and Crocker. The girls' drill corps
of the Horace Mann School was de
clared the most proficient, and it car
ried off the banner. The girls wore
neat-fitting blue uniforms, with yellow
trimmings and white leggins. The
corps was captained by Georgia Barnes,
with Ethel Simpson and Lena Williams
as lieutenants.
The boys' drill corps of the Pacific
Heights School was given the second
prize. Sheldon Parker was its captain,
and his lieutenants were Stanley Prior
and Frank Peters.
The third prize was awarded to the
girls' corps of the James Lick School.
The girls wore unifc-rms of white, with
red sashes. Their captain was Pearl
Bryan.
The boys' class of the Hamilton
Grammar School was captained by Al
bert Mohun, with Curtis Lindsley and
Charles Eager for lieutenants. Annie
Murray was the captain of the girls'
class from the same school, and her
lieutenants were Ida Finlay and Hilda
Katy.
Frank McGovern was the captain of
the corps of the Everett Grammar
School. The lieutenants were James
Campbell and Clarence Jeffreys.
The two classes of the Mission Gram
mar School and the drill corps of the
St. Charles School gave exhibition
drills and they were almost as much
applauded as the winners of the
prizes.
FLOWER SHOW CROWDED.
Thousands of Visitors View-
California's Pretty
Blossoms.
It was estimated at the lowest fig
ures that at least 50.000 people visited
the floral market during the three days
that it was opened to the public. Of
this number 30,000 visited Union Square
yesterday. From the time the market
opened In the afternoon until it closed
at 10 o'clock last night, it required the
efforts of a dozen policemen to handle
the crowd.
Early in the day it was found neces
sary to form in line those who wanted
to pass through the large tent. This
line stretched almost half way across
the square.
The music last evening was furnished
by the band of the Holy Cross. They
did not play In the band stand, but took
a position directly in front of the mar
ket tent. They were much praised for
their music.
The Wild West Show.
The Wild West Show repeated its pro
gramme at Central Park yesterday, ami
will do so again this afternoon. The
lassoing of the steers was not interfered
with by the Society for the Prevention
-of Cruelty to Animals. The only thing
that was not down upon the pro
gramme was the falling of one of the
horses in the coach holdup act. Xo
one, however, was hurt by the acci
dent. When it came to the lassoing of
the steers one of the animals made a
sudden break and came near getting
mixed up with a cowboy. There will be
some rough riding to-day for a wager.
George Sweitzer has bet J'«e Watkins
550 that none of the cowV-.v* ran ride
his horse, Jack the Ripper. Watking
says that he is willing to lose if he
cannot produce a cowboy from one of
those now in the show who can stick
on the back of the horse.
The Mechanics' Pavilion was lierhted
throughout \\'ith "Welsbach Incandes
cent Gas Lights, about 800 in number,
and wore placed by \V. W. Gillesoie.
San Francisco agent, located at 134
Ellis street.THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
*Mrst_Baptl Bt,8 t, - — if , near ° neS ' E- A ' ooia - p.p Evening— "The Bible and the Future Life."
German Baptist, Seventeenth and Dehon. Rev. H. L. Diet. Morn«ng-"The Sonshlp of the Christian:
Its Privileges and Duties." Evening—
• — . • ' "Salvation by Faith in Christ Jesus."
Emmanuel Baptist, Bart.ett. near Twenty- Rev. J. George Gibson..., Morning-"Do It With All Thy |||,ht.»
Evening— "Look Unto lie and be Ye
- Saved."
Holy Cross, Eddy and Scott. Father McGinty ~~ Morn.n X -"The Feast of St. Francis de
xamer Mcuimy , Morning— "The Feast of St. Francis de
Sales." Evening— Uenedlctlon and Yes
, pers.
Our Lady ° Guadalupe. Broadway, near Father St. Andrew ' „. „ .. — ~ of toe Slewed V^
Mason. nmerßi. Anarew Morning— "Purlflcatlon of tbe Blessed Vlr
. gin." Evening— Vespers and ; Benediction.
Our Lady of Victories. Bush and Dupont. Marlst Fathers Morning-Fourth Sunday after Epiphany.
——_______ _ Evening— Benediction.
St. Boniface. Golden Gate and Jones. Franciscan Fathers Morning-Gospel of the day. Evenlng-Bene-
diction.
St. Charles. Eighteenth and Shotwell. Father Cummlngs Morning-Opening of the Mission for Men
: ___ ■ by the Jesuit Fathers.
St. Dominic's, Stelner and Bush. ~ Dominican Fathers Mornlng-"The Purification." Evening
' ■ . ■ s ; V- ■ Benediction and Rosary. -
St. Francis, Vallejo and Montgomery aye. Rev. Father Caraher Moraine-- Forty Hours' Devotion." Even-
' " • ■ ;• -, - ing— Sermon by Father Augustine.
; St Ignatius. Van Ness and Hayes. Jesuit Fathers Morning-" Faith." Evening-• Dreams."
* St. Joseph's. Tenth and Howard. Father Scanlan Morning— of the Day. Evening—
' . ___^ - Benediction.
* St. Mary's, California and Dupont. Paullst Fathers „ Morning-Sermon by the Most Rev. Arch
, >: . . bishop Riordan. Feast of St. Paul. Even
, . ( Ing— Solemn Benediction.
' St Mary's College, Larkln and Eddy. Chaplain , Morning-Forty Hours' Devotion. *""
• Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness and ©'Far- Father Prendegast Morning-Gospel of the Day; Father Ramm
, . Evening— Benediction Sermon by Father
. Hannlgan.
> St. Patricks, Mission, near Third. Father Kane Morn Ing- "The Purification of the Blessed
' ■ *• ,J, J :;-■* . ■ Mother."
> Sts. Pater and Paul. Filbert and Dupont. Saleslan Fathers Morning-Solemn celebration of the Feast
. . of St. Francis de Sales. Evening—Bene
[ ____ ■ ■ diction.
> Bethlehem Congregational, Twenty-fourth Rev. W. H. Tubbs*. Morning— "Thou Wilt Show Me th*« Path of
>. and \eimont. Llfe ... Eve nlng-"The Way of the Trans
£ gressor is Hard."
. First Congregational. Post and Mason. Rev. George C. Adams : Mornlng-"Jesus. the Same Yesterday. To
* . . day and Forever." Evening The 'wise
y . Mans Conclusion."
> Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and Noe. , Rev. H. T. Shephard Morning-"The Lord's Prayer." Evening
v _ "Municipal Prosperity."
> Plymouth Congreg|fconal, Post, near Web- Rev. F. B. Cherlngton Mornlng-"Subllme Compulsion of Sense of
I . Duty." Evening— "Timothy, the Young
* Man With Advantages."
> Park Congregational, Baker and Fell. Rev. J. B. Orr Morning-"The Church an Armory " Even
I , __ . Ing— "Much More."
> Richmond Congregational. Seventh avenue Rev. P. Coombe Morning-"The Kingdom of God the Joy
I and aelr - ent - of the World." Evening-"How Can Hu-
C | inanity be Made Virtuous?"
■> Third Congregational. Fifteenth and Mis- Rev. W. Rader Morning-"The Decline of Prayer" Even
£ Blon - Ing— "The Potters Wheel."
_ First Christian. Twelfth and Howard. Rev. F. S. Ford Mornlng-J. H. Garrison. Evangelist will
!> occupy the pulpit. His subject will be- "A
C . -v y to n" '_* Bible Problems." Evening
s' Ye Call Me Master."
> West Side Christian. Bush, near DevisaOro. Rev. W. A. Gardner Morning-Praise and song service.
» St. Luke's. Van Ness and Clay. Rev. W. H. Moreland Moming-"Begi^ings of American Chrl*
. . ...»••»•••••••♦•# ,«n. 4 ii ii j^ — _*?Kinin£rs oi American Chris
tianity." Evening— "How Jesus Christ
? . Founded and Organized the Holy Catholic
£ | Church." £•/?.*
I St. Map- the Virgin. Stelner and Union. Rev. E. J. Van Deernln Morning- "God, Our Father." ~
I St Ste me a r UIS Ep ' SC PaI ' Callfornla near *"'. W. H. Relliy Morning-Morning Prayer. Evening-Choral
oieiner. , . Evensong. Vested choir of fifty men and
* women.
> st - John's German. 1315 Mason. Rev. J. G. Mangold Morning-Song Service, special music.
j> First English Lutheran. Geary, near Cough. Rev. E. Nelander Mornlng-"On the Stormy Sea." Evenlng
£ Special Missionary S«rvic*s. under the
£ ; auspices of W. H. and F. M. Society.
I B S_ck B on^ M ' E ' ChUrCh " POWe "' near RCV - W B - Anderson Mornlng--God, Rich in Mercy." Evening-
L _ Jackson - . "Hear What the Spirit Sayeth."
» Central Methodist. Mission, near Sixth. C. E. Locke. D.D Morning-"Faiths Victories." Evenlng
> <Ti I>e Delu?ion and- Treachery of Sin."
* followed by Revival Service.
> Grace M. E.. Twenty-first and Ca p. Rev. J. X. Beard Morning-"The Kiss of Betrayal Even
l Ing-' -What Christ is to Us."
> Howard-street M. E.. Howard, near Second. Rev. J. A. B. Wilson Mornlng-"On the Baptism of the Holy
» Spirit." Evening— "The Blood Traffic and
Its Concomitants."
n Japanese M. E.. Pine, near Hyde. Rev. M. Mltanl Morning-- Blessed are the Pure in Heart.
* for They Shall See God." Evening—Pul
y _ of l will be occupied by Rev. Mr. Hlrota
' - of Oakland.
> Simpson Memorial. Hayes and Buchanan. Rev. J. Stephens ~ Evening-- The Bible In the Age of Rea
' son."
> Trinity, Sixteenth and Noe. Rev. H. W. Peck Morning-Communion Service. Individual
I , •" • cup.
> Calvary Presbyterian, Powell and Geary. Rev. J. Hemphill Evening-Grand Praise Service and special
£ niuaie. Theme of the sermon: "The
£ Greatest Thing in the World."
*«_££? Presbyterian. Van Ness and Sacra- Rev. Robert Mackenzie Morning-Sermon by the pastor. Evening
s mento - ■ "Be Sure Your Sin Will Find You Out."
„ Fl^ t ,J* nlted Presb terlan ' Golden Gate and Rev. M. M. Gibson , Morning- "what Is Acceptable to God"
L ___: Evening-" -Were the Old Times Better
£ Than Our Times?"
> Howard Presbyterian. Oak and Baker. Rev. F. R. Farrand Mornlng-"Consclence." Evening-
' After Sundown."
I Memorial; Presbyterian. Eighteenth avenue Rev H. X. Bevler Morning-"The New La " Ev«,ln_-"The
> and Latona. Blessedness of Overcoming." ; -•
> Stewart Memorial. Guerrero, near Twenty- Rev. W. E. Dugan Mornlng-"Klng's Highway." EvenlnK
* tr " ra - "California Golden Jubilee."
> W p_2_ Jnlrter Preab - Vterlan ' w^ster and Rev. S. S. Cryor Evenlng--Epheus, the City of the Faulty
>•— 1 *
» Bush-street Synagogue, Bush, near Laguna. Rabbi Myers Evening— -'Jewish Loyalty." "~
> Seventh Day Adventlsts, Laguna, near Me- Rev. E. E. Andross Evening-"The Restoration of the Kino
v Ai.istf'r. dom."
> First Unitarian. Geary and Franklin. Rev. H. Stebblns Morning— Communion Service. ' ~
• Second Unitarian, Twentieth and Capp. Rev. A. J. Wells Morning— "A Study of Conscience." Even
: ■ K^w^e^ l 8 E>leCted by M^-"
. Adventlst Services, 1344 Market. Andross and Hope Evening— "A Systematic Exposition of ♦_"
; : Prophecies Relating to Our Times."
First Church of Christ Scientists, 223 Sutter. The Bible and Science and Health with "" " ~ "
* a Key to the Scriptures Mining— "Jesus Teaching How to Pray."
Salvation Army. 24 Turk. Major Frank Robinson Morning and Evening— Preparation for th"
. •_ coming of Commander Booth.
Reorganized Church of Christ, 997 Market- C. A. Parkin '. Morning— "The Bible." "
Volunteers of America, 7C9 Market. Lieutenant Rogers Morning and Evening— Services
Y. M. C. A.. Mason and Ellis. ■■''■r u-., David Starr Jordan 3 p. m.— "The Strength of Being Clean "
Y. W. C. A., 1221 O'Farrell. Christian Workers .....'...■. 3 p. m— Lectures for Young Women.
WILL OFFER UP
PRAYERS FOR RAIN
The Archbishop Will Have
Mass Said in the Catholic
Churches.
Weather Prophet Hammon Explains
the Cause of the Continued
Drought.
Tnless the weather takes a decided
change and rain sets in before the end of
two weeks the entire wheat crop of the
State will be ruined, at a loss to the
farmers uf between $10,000,000 and $17,000,
000. There is at present sufficient moist
ure in the ground to keep the crops alive
for the coming fourteen or fifteen days,
but unless they receive more before the
expiration of this time utter and absolute
ruin may be expected.
Dp to the present time there has been j
but 5 Inches of rain, representing not
quite 25 per cent of the ordinary and usu
al amount necessary for the production
of a successful crop.
The Carmen are anxious and are pray
ing that a sudden change in the weather
will come soon, but owing to the contin
ued drought a pail seenu to be thrown
over their hopes of obtaining anything
like a fair success with their wheat
crops this season, or that their prayers
will be answered by a divine providence.
*x. Mr - Harnmon of the United States Wea
ther Bureau says that the chances for
Immediate rain are slight and that he
■ks entirely given up hope of a rainfall
l?J the Immediate future, as indications
point to a continuation of the present
dry condition of the atmoephere.
Owing to the favorable conditions of
atmospheric pressure last Friday morn-
Ing he predicted that there would be im
mediate rain, but claims that he had no
sooner telegraphed the report to the dif
ferent stations on the coast and had no
tified the farmers in the interior of the
State than the barometer took a sudden
rise and ho was compelled to raise the
flag as an Indication of the return of the
undepired fair weather. He says that
there is not a weather chart in existence
rtrat records such a drought as Is now
being experienced in this State.
Mr. Hammon gives the real cause of the
continued holding off of the rain, and
the present dry condition of the atmos
phere, as the result of a bank of dry
air which is now hanging over the in
terior States, rendering it impossible for
a storm to penetrate Its way to the Paci
fic 81ope.
"There is a mass cf dry air of
exceeding high temperaturo," said the
prophet, "hanging over Utah. Nevada and
Southern IJaho. This air has been lo
cated in this same position constantly for
the past two months, preventing any
storm conditions fiom appearing on thlp
coast from the westward. Instead they
have been forced either to the north or
south of this region, thereby preventing
rain in Northern California.
"On Thursday last a moderate storm
appeared In Southern California, which
tended to dissipate this area of high pres
sure, or at least the southern portion of
It. Moderate storm conditions also ap
peared off the Oregon coast, and at the
time showed signs of penetrating its way
through the south side of the area to the
northern part of the State. It never
reached here, however, but pasped In a
northerly line over British Columbia."
Owing to the prolonged dry weather
and the consequent Injury to the various
interests of the State, His Orace, Arch
bishop Rlordan, has addressed the fol
lowing circular to all the pastors of Cath
olic churches throughout this archdiocese;
Rev. Dear Sir: I request you to an
nounce to your people on Sunday next
(that is to-day) that a high mass will
be celebrated in all the churches of the
archdiocese on Monday next, at an hour
convenient to you and your congregation
with the Intention "Ad pluviam peten
dum." You will exhort yoiir people to
be present at this service. Yours truly
P. W. RIORDAN. '
Archbishop of San Francisco
W. HH. Hart Attached.
Judah Boas has commenced suit against
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, .TAX r AIt Y 30. 1898.
T"'J L * H * Hart tO recove r $1546. allied
to be due. on two promissory notes is
assssrwa. *«»— '■••fesss'is a:
-— ~- ~^-L^ NEW TO-DAY.
Ip m a Tobacco
if H /Tormentors
\,l "^ c'taP c P^ easure °^ living is
/^W >^—^^X^V s m V '"S we^ no^ nv ' n g
(f v f^JTl^^isiy-s. iIL Throat> mouth and
V\l A ~^~^L' $!?Ul ' : \\ e >' es are ru ' ne£^ by tobacco
"fc^Si^^litfc: /S i' "~ the s stem is f ener ally
<<; C^^^^!fe^^^ / poisoned by it.
7 Don't Stop Tobacco
SUDDENLY and rack the nerves. Use the tobacco you require and
take BACO-CURO, (it gently weans). If you do this, strong,
healthy nerves and a clear brain will result.
It will notify you Ij^^^fl It is the original
when to stop by J|7|lU|J Guarantee Hem-
removing the de- mfjjMkjMM edy, (Money re-
sire. Write for Wmff¥(m fundedif itfailsto
PROOFS of Cures. II I IB|J cure
50c or $1 boxes, 3 boxes (guaranteed cure) $2.50.
If your druggist cannot get . it, we will send it.
Eureka Chemical and Manufacturing: Co., La Crosse, Wis.
SEDINOTON ft CO., General Distributor*. ___
ALL HIS COIN
Unpleasant Experience of
Donald McLeod, a
Miner.
He Came From Western Aus
tralia to Go to the
Klondike.
Th« Robber, • Who Was Arrested.
Even Relieved Him of His
Ticket to Alaska.
Donald McLeod, a miner on his way
to the Klondike, appeared as complain
ing witness in a case in Judge Joach
imsen's court yesterday and told a
story chowing how easily a stranger
can become the dupe of men who make
it a business to fleece the unwary-
McLeod arrived from Western Aus
tralia, where he had been mining, by
the steamer Alameda about ten days
ago. He had heard of the fortunes
being made at the Klondike, and he
determined to try his luck there. Soon
after his arrival he purchased a ticket
for the gold fields and was to leave by
the steamer Walla. Walla last Thurs
day. S'. : V
Tuesday night he was drinking on
the water front and made the acquain
tance of Patrick O'Donnell, who gives
his occupation as a sailor. They struck
up a friendship and O'Donnell sue
gested to McLeod that he would like
to show him the sights of the city.
They visited several of the dives on
the Barbary Coast and McLeod ad
mitted that- he swallowed more liquor
than was good for him. About 1 o'clock
next morning O'Donnell got him to a
dark spot on Spear street, near Harri
son, and robbed him of everything he
had in his pockets. He had thirty
eight English sovereigns, about $70 in
American money, two gold rings and
his ticket to Alaska, One of the
rings had his Initials engraved on it.
McLeod was too intoxicated to offer
any resistance, but after O'Donnell
left him he had sense enough to no
tify the first policeman he met that
he had been robbed, and was able to
give a good description of O'Donnell.
Policemen Bean. Castln and Clifford
started in search of O'Donnell and
were not long in finding him and plac
ing him under arrest. John Hessing.
a sailor, was with, O'Donnell at the
time, and he was also arrested. A
charge of grand larceny was booked
against them.
When O'Donnell was searched the
English sovereigns, about $40 in coin
and one of the gold rings bearing M -
Leod's initials were found in his
pockets. He claimed that he had re
cently arrived from England and that
was why he had the sovereigns, but
he could not explain why he became
possessed of McLeod's ring. McLeod
swore that O'Donnell was the man who
robbed him and the Judge held him to
answer before the Superior Court in
52000 bonds. As there was no evidence
to connect' Heasii with the case he
was pet at liberty.
McLeod's ticket uld not be found
and the police notified the steamship
company to cancel • and arrest the
man who presented it
MRS. GILMORE
TO BE REMOVED
Action Taken by a Committee
of the Board of Su
pervisors.
Mrs. Walsh Will Be the New Matron
of the Receiving Hos
pital.
The Finance Commute r.f the Board
cf Supervisors has comludod that it is
necessary to make a change In the posi
tion of matron of the Receiving Hospital,
and will offer a resolution to the board
on Monday next that Mrs. Gilinore, now
in charge of the institution, be r.-moved.
and that Mrs. "Walsh he given her place.
The chanpe is based on charts made
by Frank Kane, secretary of the Society
for the Prevention of Vice, and a number
of girls, who claim to have been unjustly
treated while under Mrs. Gilmore's
c-harpe. The report of tho committee,
which contains no reference to the accu
sations against Mrs. Gllmore, is as fol
lows:
• Tour committee has Investigated the com
plaints made as to the duties and the obliga
tions resting upon and devolving upon the ma
tron of the City Prison, and desire to state
that this Is a peculiar and arduous position,
requiring matronly rare and sympathy with
the unfortunate girls ■who arc arrested and con
fined in the City Prison, and while some are
thoroughly degraded, others are simply un
fortunate, and therefore great discrimination
should be exercised in the treatment of such
persons.
The present Incumbent has been In the posi
tion many years, and it is human that, amid
the varied and annoying scenes caused by the
profligate, unless the matron has com
mand and perfect self control, her surround
ings should have had an effect to Interfere
somewhat with her usefulness.
Your committee, .while appreciating the
■' many arduous duties imposed upon th* ma
; tron/ are of the opinion that the position now
' filled by Mrs. Ollmore should be declared va
i cant on and after February Ist. and that Mrs.
Walsh should be appointed matron to fill the
vacancy.
Supervisor Rottanzi will present the
resolution at the next meeting, and it is
understood that it will be supported by a
majority of the members.
DOCTORS CELEBRATE.
The College of Physicians and
Surgeons Have a Royal Good
Time at the California.
The students of the San Francisco Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons held a
gala night last evening.
About 175 of them gathered at their
headquarters, and. forming in line,
marched out to the fair at the Mechanics'
Pavilion to the accompaniment of
marches played by the Fourth Regiment
band from the Presidio, that had been
hired for the occasion.
From the pavilion they -went down to
the California Hotel, where a magnifi
cent banquet was partaken of while lis
tening to popular musical selections and
songs.
With the coffee and cigars came the
speakers of the evening, who had pre
pared themselves for the event, and were
ready to do justice to the subjects that
hail been assigned to them.
W. J. Jackson acted as toastmaster,
and after .delivering an address of greet
ing to those present introduced the fol
lowing gentlemen, who spoke on the fol
lowing subjects:
"Our College," Professor W. Anderson,
A.M., M.D., M.C.R.P.LD. ; "Good Fellow
ship," Professor MorJtew, D.D.S.:'"Amer
ican Institutions," Professor J. R. Lalne,
M.I). "Our College Days," Professor
Asay, M.D.; D.D.S. ; "The Faculty," Pro
fessor S. O. L.. Potter, A.M.. M.D. M RC
P.Ll>.; "Toast," Professor D. H. Ilodg
head, A.M., M.D.: '.'Our Boys." E.S.How
ard. M.D.; "College Spirit, 1 ' Dr. Goodall.
The good time was not concluded until
far into the sma' wee hours of the morn
ing, when every one went home voting
the first banquet of the San Francisco
Surgeons and Physicians an unqualified
success. -V ; ;.,--■:
LADIES' SODALITY.
That of St. Ignatius Church Will
lr>stall Officers To-Day,
This afternoon at 2:30 o'clock a solemn
reception will be held at St. Ignatius
Church by the Ladies' Sodality for the
installation of new members. This socie
ty has over 500 members and is the larg
est in California in connection with any
church. Rev. Father Calzia, the director
of the sodality, has extended an invita
tion to the young lady friends of mem-,
bers to be present at the reception, after
which a musical programme will be ren
dered, with Miss CorueUa Stanley, Miss
Agnes Devlin and Mrs. Gonzalez as solo
ist*. The ceremony will conclude with
an address by Rev. Father Oalzia.
In the Divorce Courts
John Johnson was granted a divorce
from Elizabeth Johnson by Judge Bel
cher yesterday on the ground of deser
tion.
NEW TO-DAY.
TO CURE NERVOuTIIYSPErm
To Gain Flesh, to Sleep Well, to Know
What Appetite and Good Digestion
Mean, Make a Test of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets.
Interesting Experience of an Indianapolis
Gentleman*
No trouble is more common or more
misunderstood than nervous dyspepsia.
People having it think that their nerves
are to blame and are surprise! that
they are not cured by nerve medicine
and spring remedies; the real seat of
the mischief is lost sight of; the stom-
ach is the organ to be looked after.
• Nervous dyspeptics often do not have
any pain wl .tever in the stomach, nor
perhaps any of the usual symptoms of
stomach weakness. Nervous dyspep-
sia shows itself not in the stomach so
much as in nearly every other organ;
in some cases the heart palpitates and
is irregular; in others the kidneys are
affected; in others the bowels are con-
stipated, with headaches; still others
are troubled with loss of flesh and ap-
petite, with accumulation of gas, sour
risings and. heartburn.
Mr. A. W. Sharper of No. 61 Prospect
street, Indianapolis, Ind... writes as fol-
lows: "A motive of pure gratitude
prompts me to write these few lines
regarding the new and valuable medi-
cine. Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. I
have been a sufferer from nervous dys-
pepsia for the last four years; have
used various patent medicines and oth-
er remedies without any favorable re-
sult. They sometimes gave temporary
relief until the effects of the medicine
wore off. I attributed this to my sed-
entary habits, .being a bookkeeper with '
little physical exercise, but I am glad
to state that the tablets have over-
come all these obstacles, for I have
gained in flesh, sleep better and am
better in every way. The above is writ-
ten not for notoriety, but is based on
actual fact. Respectfully yours, ;>~-« : :
"A. W. SHARPER,
"61 Prospect street, Indianapolis. Ind."
It is safe to say that Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets will cure any stomach
' weakness or disease except cancer of
stomach. They cure sour stomach, gas,
loss of flesh and appetite, sleeplessness,
palpitation, heartburn, constipation
and headache. *
Send for valuable little book on stom-
ach diseases by addressing Stuart Co.,
Marshall. Mich.
All druggists sell full-sized packages
at 50 cents.
PIC A CNESS & HEAD NOISES CURED
lir||r>nMlly. Our INVISIBLE TUBE Oisiuom
■"•^■^ ■■ help w hen xll elm fall<i,iu< glasses help eyes.
Srlf-adjusttnij. No Pain. Whimpers .SrndtotDCC
r. HlMsxts., 853 ll'w.t. K.Y.. f..r Boot: and Proof.-. rIICC
TOE
WEEKLY
CJILL
©/ It Publishes the Cream of the
News of the Week and
©< ) MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
©/ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©/ PAPER ON THE :
~) PACIFIC COAST
3 — "\ -s~. —
~) The Best \ / Mining
°» Telegraphic \y News. That
°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate
oc The Coast / \& up to data
01 Not a Line of it Sensational
w or Faky, and Not a Line of
2 it Dry or Uninteresting.
O< Bright, Clean, A Champion of
J Thoughtful. 1 ruth. '
O\ ' — ll-
©c ■ : .. .• ..-.■■ .:.:..-. ~ ""■""•
cJ A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
*J AIL THE TIME.
3IT ADVOCATES i SENT BY
) HOME MAIL, 51.5&
©4 INDUSTRIES : I A YLUL
NEW TO-DAY.
MWooooooo cooooooooooooooooooooq
OOfiOfiOOOOOftOftOOOOOOOOOOO«.«OfiOOOOOOO
•^^^^ DENTAL CO. |
BEST WORK. «g
LOWEST PRICES. 1°
go
ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS IS
OPERATIONS. 1°
GOLD FILLINGS. 75c up £?IDGE WORK, per tooth.  |°
AMALGAM FILLINGS . . . 25c up \ ?W§-. ..;.... . $3.50 up «q
CEMENT FILLINGS. .... 25c up j GOLD CROWNS, 22-k $3.50 up |o
CLEANING TEETH .... 50c up FILL SET OF TEETH .. . $5.00 »°
' ■ "■ ■ '■ :.:S;, *£
O
MARKET AND O'FARRELL. «g
entrance-no. 6 O'FARRELL. PHONE— RED 1 156. p Q
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOvOOOOOOOOOOOO
000 c o o b obbb oo ob oo o a aaa b a «
timonials and exact
*^ft '^vl^bt^ a^ l ' rfsses of h v ii -
.^^n^^^^ll dreds cured of large
I Cancers, some 8, 10
> ii"*^^<(ar f * ani^ 12 1 b5 - in alcohol.
I have positively cur-
: ed over 1,000 Cancers in California in 8 yrs ; 2<;yrs'
i experience. Any lump in the breast is Cancer;
I they always poison from breast to arm-pit and
' lip to throat. If large it is then too late.
S. R.CHAM LEY, M. D., OFFICE. 71 9 MARKET ST.. S.F.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
SENT FREE TO MEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly," premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varlco-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home. . . ■ • .
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
■to the desired location giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and. has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State '
Medical Institute, 193 First National Bank
Building, Fort Wayne, Ind,, stating that
you i desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
Is desirous of reaching that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be . treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free -.sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
Q Visit DR. JORDAN'S Great
fg|gB Museum of Anatomy
i Plni & ICSI " A2Esr sT - iet - c - * :th < s - r - cc * L
V ft ■ The L*r(eit of ill kind In Uie World.
ls«ii>A dr - JORDAN— Private Diseases.
S YfW»|J SL Consultation free. Write for Hook .
w / of Marriage.
BAILROAI) TBAVEI*. .
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry; Foot oS Market St.
• SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEt*.
WEEK DATS— 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 11-18.
t: *°- Brio. 6:10 p. m. Thursday*— Extra tri»
■ t 11:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trip* at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m. ■ = ■ •--• • - - . -
SUNDAYS— 8:00. - >:». 11:00 a. m.: 1:10. 3:30
i:00. 6:20 p. m. ■
SAN RAFAEL TO SA.* FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:IO. 7:60. »:*>. 11:10 a. m.;
- 11:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra tripe
at 1:56 p. m. and 6:35 p. m. ■
RUNDAYS-8:10. »:«, 11:10 a> m.: 1:«. 1:48.
6:00, 6:K p. m.
Between San Francisco and Scbuetzea • Park
came schedule . as above. '
Leave . t,, «,fr,v».V-s Arrive ..-
San Francisco. Op "™ ' I ' San Francisco. !
Week I Sun--. negation , Sun- | Week |
Days. ( days. Destination ) days. I day3^
7:30 a.m. 8:00 a.m. Novato, 10:*0 a.m. 1I«■ in
8:30 p.m. 9:3oa.in. I Petaluma. .B:10p.m.. B:10p.m. 10:25 a.m. ■
S:lUp.m. '5:UUp.m.! Santa Rosa. 7 :35 p.m. I 6:'.*3p.m.
Fulton, ■
7^oa.m. Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
Healdsbur;,
Lytton. ■
Geyserville,
3:Sop.m. 6:00 a.m. Cloverdale. ' T:r«3p.m. 6:2? p.m.
j IHoplanU and I !
7 m. ! 8 -00 a.m. i Uhlan. | 7:Ssp.m. ti :23p.m.
7:20 a.m. 1 110:35 a.m.
3:00 a.m. Guerneville. 7:Ssp.m.
3:30 p.m. I I 6:22 p.m.
7:Koa.ni. S:UUa.m. Sonoma 10:40<i.m. 8:40 a.m.
and
,5:10 p.m. 5;00p.m. Glen Ellen. | 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7T50a.m.j8:00a.m.) |10:40a.m.)10:25a.m.
3:Sop.m.lS:oUp.m.[ ** oastcpoL | 7;3sp^[ 7 2p.ni.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at ,
: Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs, Kelaeyvllle. Soda Bar.
: Lalceport and Bartlett Springs; at Uktah for
: Vichy ings, Saratoga Sittings. Blue Lakea.
Laurel Dell I -ak<_. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day**, Riverside, Llerley"s Buck-
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley'a. Buck-
cell's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Boonevllla.
Orr'i Hot Springs, Mendoclno 'City. Fort
Brace. Westport, Usat.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r*.
duced rates.
On Sunday* round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— 66o Market street. Chronic!*
building.
A.W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.'
From Ban Francisco, Commencing September
19, 15*7.
WEEK DATS.
For Mill Valley and San Ilafael— »7:2s. •9-39
11:80 a. m.: *1:45. 3:45, '5:15, 6:00. 8:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays. Wed-
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
.SUNDAYS. ~^
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *8:00. no-01
11:80 a. m.; MrlS, 8:00. »4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
f:J» a. m. weekdays for Cazadero and war sta-
00 " 1 »••« Jft m - Saturdays (mixed train) tot
Durcaa Mills and way stations; 8:« a. m.
k , ■OBdin tot Pvint Reyea aai ih iUtt«Mk 1
EJLELBOAB TEAVEL.
MlllllllO IV*«:iFlt! COM; IM.
(PACIFIO anrrnL)
Train* lr»»c nml »ii- <lii<* l<» awlll a*
S»N ri:.\X<BS< «».
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
WAV! — ' I'r.tM January 1. IS?S. — ARRIVI
•U:«O\ Niles, Sau Jose and Way Stations... »M:4.la
7:OO\ Rcnicia. Snisnn i'ml Sacramento.... 1O:-15 v
7:O«a Munsvilie. UroTilloaiid UeddiDg via
Woodland 5:4."5p
7:O(»a Vacsville »nd Rutnsey . 8:43p
7:UO a Martinez, San Uunion.Valloj>'.. Xajn,
CalUtoga anil Santa llosa «:l."»p
8>«Oa Atlanti.- i;xi>n*ii, Ofileu and Kaat.. »:I.>
Ml— A Milan Kau .lobu. Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, MarysTUlo, CLico,
Tehaiuam:d Kil lilnir... -til.ti*
•HxSOa Peters, .Milton nn.lOakdale "7il3p
»i»»» New Orlcaua Kxprocn, ilfrced, Ray-
mond, irraanO, Tlitllllliiilii. Bauta
IJniliara, I.ps Amalss, DcuiinK,
l'.\ I'axo, New Orleans and East. 6:4ap
»:OOa Vail, j>. Martinez. ileroed and
Fresno 12:13r
•I:O0t Sacramento Hiver Stonuiers «O:OOp
1 :OOp XiiL-s, Saa Joso acd Way Stations. . J»: I»a
l:3Or Mortioezcml Way Stations 7:45p
3t:OOr LiTermore, Mendota, Hautord and
Visalia 4:15;
Li»ertuore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations J1O;13\
4:»Or Martinet Hun Uaniou, Vallcjn,
Napa, <"iiliHti.g:i, l.l VMM and
Bantu Kosii .V BilPa
*:«Or Benicia, VaciviUe, Woodland,
,' ~~ ■■ Knights Landing, Marynville, t'ro-
villo and .S.i cm i in: nil i 10:43 a
4«8Op Niles, San Jo3C, Trr.cy and Stockton .. 7i15?
4:30p LatUri p, Mcdcsto, Merced, PeWndSj,
Fresno. Mi jave (for llandsburg),
Santa I'urliara and IjOK Ansoles.. 7>43a.
4i»l»p BaiiU I'o i'.iiito, AUimllo Kxnrcsx
f.ir Moiavo nnd Ijist 0:4.1 V
«;3:30p " Suuaef. Limit <1." 1.03 Angeles, El
raeo. Fort rth. Little Kock. St. '
Louis, Chicago and East 5 I 0:13 a.
H3:3op " Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso,
New Orleans and East |IO:I3.\.
«:O«i- Kuroneaii Hail, ()k<luii and Kaat.... 0:43 a.
«:OOi> DaitwMils, Nile* awl Han Jose 7:45\
!"*:O«r Vallcjo 17:43p
Mir Oregon i:xi>irwi,Hucr>iiiientu, Mary*-
villc. U.-.1.1inf,-, I'ottlanil, l'ugct
Hound and i::ist H:ll>t
biS IiUAMOIiO AMI iiv\u\i;i»-. LOCAL.
_ (Foot of Market Street.)
<*6:OOa"^ 7 tIT'Sa
S:O«a Mclro«,e, Semiiiarr Park, «»9:43a
10.04K »iti-hlnirjt, Mmliurst, Hs43»
<11:OOa San Leamlro, South San ■•*€»»
11 . a . : °.°. f Lea«JrO,LVta,lillo, |||jjgj
t3:ob'p Lorenzo, Cherry i «4:40f
4i«op • , (3:43p
R:OUp a"'l O:l.lp
riiSOp lUywards. 7:43p
2 : p i Rnns through to Niles. , 0:4.»i-
n»";^; tFroi " yil - B - t t,S;sSr'
COAST lUVIMO.N (Narrow Oiuittt).
(Foot o( Market Street.)
»:1!»« Newark. (Vnlurvi l l<?,.S«n.Pose, Kolttin,
Creek, Santa Cruz ami Way
Stations Oi*»r
•at:l!Ir Newark, CenterTlUe, San .loKe, New
Alniaden, Fclton, lionlder Creek,
. . Santa Cruz and rrincipul Way
Stations "I©:3oa
4t1.1r Newark, San Joss and Los Gatos ... 9:SOa
f11:43p Hunters' Exenrsion, SaD'Joso and ■
Way Stations » ;7;gQp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN FIUSCIsCO— Foot at Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 0:00 11:00 a.m. Jl:03 -2:00 t3:0O
•4:09 t6:00 »6:03r.i1.
from 01IUHD— F»ot or Bro«d w»j.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
. tl2:00 ' *1:00 t2:00 *3:00 14:00 *3:03 p.m.
COAST DIVISION (Broad (inu^e). '
| (Third and Townaeiul Stj.)
6i35a Kan Joso «n<l Way Stations (New
- -' Aluiadcu Wednesdays only) 0:33 a
»i OO a San Jose. Tiros linos, Santa Grits,
Pacific (trove, Paso Iloblcs, .San
I. nig < )!)isiu>, (iuailalupc, Hurt and
rrlnciiml Way Statluua ■.. 4:lBp
I»:4Oa Sau Jose and Way .Stations *»:OOa
11:3Ua San Jose anil Way Stations 8:33 a
• «2::toi> San Mateo/ Kedwood, Jlenlo Park,
Santa Clara, Han Jose, Cilroy,
Holllster, . (Santa Ortiz. Salinas,
Monterey mid I'acillc nr0v0...... *io:40»
■3:l si> San .lose ami Principal Way Stations *JWM»a
•4il3rSanJo3ean<lI > Way Stations o:4Ba |
•5:o«p San Joso and Principal Way Stations * 1:3 Of
5:30p San .lost) anil Principal Way Stations 5:30p '
•:»Of San Jose and WayStatious . 7:20p
111:43i> San Jose and Stations 7:20p
. A (or Morning. : f. P for Afternoon. :
• Sundays excepted. } Sundays only, 1 Saturdays only.
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only. • ■
" Mon days and Thursdays.
{ Wednesdays and Saturdays. _' • •
\K,mmWrt&\ CALIFORNIA
SAN FRANCISCO
|BBHlH.il*M]| CH! q A6Oi
Leaves San ; Francisco at 4:30 p. • m.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge. .. _ - .
DINING CAR, : r^
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Dra wing-Room Sleepers,
3!4 days to Chicago, 4% days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m., carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. Direct connection. in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office. 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main
1520. Oakland office, HIS Broadway. Sacra-*
mento office. 201 J street. San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara street. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQULN
VALLEY RAILWAK COMPANY. :
From September 10, 1397, trains will ma as
follows: ■ ■ • -
Southbound. | j Northbound.
Passen- Mixed statl . Mixed | Passed
ger Sunday sta "°n3. Sunday ger
Dally. Exc'p'ui Excptd Dally.
7:20 a.m.' 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 5:40 p.m.
9:10 a.m. 12:50 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:53 p.m.
10:40 a.in. 3:50 p.m. Fresno J:3oa.m. 2:20 p.m.
11:40 a.m. 5:20 p.m. Hanford a.m. 1:15 p.m.
12:15 p.m. 6:45 p.m. Vlsalia 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p.m.
Stopping at Intermediate points when required
~ Connections — At Stockton with steamboats o£
C. N. & I. C 0. ,, leaving San Francisco ana
Etockton at 6:00 p. ru. daily; at Merced wltli
stages to and from BnellinKs, Coultervllle. etc. ;
also with stage from Hornitos. Marlpoea, etc.;
at Lankenhim with stage to and from Madert.
Cera. ,-. < -_ ,' ■• .., .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
(Via Sausallto. Ferry). *
Leave San Francisco,, commencing Novem-
ber 13. 1597: ' '.*■■■■' •-•..
"Week Days— 9:3o a. m.; 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p m
Bound trip from Mill Valley. $1. .
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, 621 Mark*!
Street. Baa Francisco. ■"""■*«;
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery, street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SBB Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
f.21 McAllister street; open until 9:"0 p. m.
Cl 5 rkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
S.W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets;
open until 9 o'clock: :,/7- V
10G Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1605 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N.W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
Streets; open till 9 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
FIRST Church of Christ, ' Scientist, Central
block, 21T3 Sutter St., bet. Kearny st. and
Grant aye.— < "lirlstian Science Bible lessons
at 11 a. m.; subject, "Jesus Preaching How
to Pray." Sunday-school for children at, the 1
same hour. "Science and Health" study
Thursday at 8 p. m. All are welcome.
ST. PAUL'S Episcopal Church. California St., :
between Fillmore and Steiner— Rector. Rev. !
W. Maxwell Rellly. Holy Communion, 7:30
a. m. Sunday school, children's service, 9:30
a. m. Morning prayer and sermon by the
rector. 11 a. m. Te Deum, (Dudley Buck); I
Jubilate, (Stewart). Evening: Monthly I
choral service, 7:30 p. m., by vested choir ;
of fifty men, women and boys: Magnificat. i
(Calkin); Nun.- Dimittis in B-flat: anthem,
"Abide With Me": organ pastorale, (Kullak);
tenor solo and chorus. Psalm So (Mendels- '
sohn) : duet, soprano and tenor. ■ Psalm 115 :
(Mendelssohn); bass solo. "The Lord Shall
Increase You More and More," (Mendels- j
sohn): offertory, alto solo, from "RedemMlon
Hymn." Choirmaster. David W. . LkWtis: 1
organist. J. B. Warburton; quarter soprano, ,
Miss Merrihew: alto, Miss Ella McCloskey: ;
tenor, Frank Mitchell: bass, H. A. Melvln. 1
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, cor. Geary
and Powell sts— Rev. John Hemphill, D.D.,
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:30 D. m.
Topic, evening, a short talk on "The Great-
• est Thing in the World." Children may be |
presented for baptism at the beginning of the !
morning service. Music, morning: "Te I
. Deum" (B flat), French: offertory. "The Lord j
My Pasture Shall Prepare," Samuel Jackson.
Music, evening, will be a musical service i
comprising selections by the choir from the I
oratorios of "Creation," "Ell" and "Elijah."
with familiar hymns for the congregation.
All are cordially invited.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, cor. Van Ness
aye. and Sacramento st. — Rev. Robert Mac-
kenzie, D.D., pastor; Rev. Edwin H. Jenks,
co-pastor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at 11 I
a. m.; Mr. Jenks will preach at ' 7:30 p.m. I
Sunday-school at 12:45 p. m. Y. P. S. C. E. j
at 6:15 p. m. Prayer meeting Wednesday at
Bp. m. All are welcome. j
HOWARD Presbyterian Church, cor. Oak and
Baker sts.— Rev. F. R. Farrand, pastor.
Morning subject, 11 o'clock, "Conscience":
evening subject, 7:15 o'clock, "Light After
Sundown."
FIRST Baptist Church. Eddy st., near Jones— S
Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. by K.
A. Woods. D.D. Morning subject, "What
God Can Make of Us"; evening subject. "Not
Ashamed of the Gospel of Christ." Baptism
at the evening service. Sunday-school at 12:30
p. m. Christian Endeavor societies, 6:30 p. :
m. Galilee Sunday-school, Pixley Hall, at j
9:30 a. m. Washington-Square Sunday-school, !
Union street, 0:30 a. m. Bethesda Sunday- J
school, Howard street, 3p. m. Christian cul-
ture class, Friday evening. Midweek service
Wednesday evening.
FIRST Congregational Church, comer Post and j
Mason Sts.— Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.
paster, will preach morning and evening.
Morning service, 11 o'clock; theme. "Jesus
Christ, the Same Yesterday. To-day and For- J
ever." Evening service, 7:30: theme, "The I
Wise Mans Conclusions" (last of the series j
cf sermons on the Book of Eccleslastes). The i
pastor's Bible class and Sunday school at I
12:45 p. m. Y. P. S. C. E., 6:30 p. m. Sam- j
uel D. Mayer, organist and choirmaster.
OLIVET Congregational Church. Seventeenth
and Noe —Rev. H. T. Shepard, pastor.
Subject, morning. "The Lord's Prayer";
evening, "Municipal Prosperity."
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church. Post St.,
near Webster— Services to-day at 11 a. m. and '
7:30 p. m Sunday-school at 9:30 a. m. Rev. !
F. B. Cherington, D.D., pastor, will preach
morning and evening; morning subject, "Sub-
blime Compulsion of Sense of Duty"; even-
ing subject, third In series for young people, !
"Timothy, the Young Man without Advan-
tages." The public cordially invited.
BIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan streets. j
I..'v John Stephens, pastor; residence. 309
Halght street. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30
p. m. The pastor will preach at both services.
Topic for morning. "From Death to Life;" for I
evening. "The Bible In the Age of Reason."
the first in a series of addresses on "The !
Bible and Modern Thought"; Sunday school I
at 12:30 p. m.. C. B. Perkins superintendent;
Epworth League meeting at S:3O p. m. ;
prayer meeting Wednesday evening at 7:45
p. m. The public cordially invited to all the
services of this church. Seats free. . Ushers
In attendance.
CENTRAL Methodist Church, Mission St., be-
tween Sixth and Seventh— Dr. Charles Ed-
ward Locke, pastor, will occupy his pulpit.
Endeavor sunrise prayer meeting. 7 a. m.
Class meetings, 9:30 a. m. and 12:30 p. m.
Morning sermon at 11 a. m.; subject, "Faith's
Victories." Sunday-school, 1 p. m., Holla
V. Watt superintendent. Endeavor services
at 6:15 p. m. Evening sermon at 7:30; sub-
ject, "The Delusion and Treachery of Sin."
The Christian Endeavorers will assist' in the
evening service. Sermon will be followed by
revival service. Revival meetings each even-
ing this week, except Saturday, and every
afternoon at 2:30, except Monday and Satur-
day. This Is a people's church. Soats all
free. Everybody cordially welcomed.
GRACE Methodist Episcopal Church, corner
Twenty-first and Capp sts.— Rev. J. M. Beard
D.D., pastor. Morning service, 11 o'clock;
sermon by the pastor; subject, "The Kiss of
Betrayal." Sunday-school at 12:45 p. m.
1 Class and consecration meeting. 6:30 p. m
Rev. James Ren wick, leader. Evening serv-
ice at 7:30, sermon by the pastor; subject
"What Christ Is to Us." Regular mid-week
■ prayer meeting. Wednesday at 7:30 p. m.
Official board meeting, .Monday at 7:30 p. n.
THE Second Unitarian Church, cor. Twentieth
■ and Carp sts.— A. J. Wells, pastor. Mr
Wells will preach; subject at 11 a. m., "A
Study of Conscience"; at 7:45 p. m., "Prayer
as Affected by Modern Knowledge." Sunday-
school at 9:45 a. m. Unity Club. Tuesday, 8
. p. m. Strangers welcome. Pastor's residence,
924 Valencia st.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium,- Mason and Ellis
sts.— Forty-fifth anniversary of the associa-
tion observed with public exercises to-day
(Sunday) afternoon at 2:45 o'clock. Address
by Dr. David Starr Jordan, president of
Stanford University: subject. "The Strength
. of Being Clean. "i Mr. Edward Coleman pre-
siding. Special music by the Harmony Choral
Club of forty-five members, under direction
of Mr. Robert Lloyd. Service open to both
men and women, and all an- cordially invited
to attend. Dr. Kummer. will give an illus-
trated lecture, on "Cathedrals of Europe" at
the Association Auditorium next Tuesday
evening.
AT the Strangers' Sabbath Home. 643 Howard
. st., Methodist Episcopal Church, bet. Second
end Third sts.— A. B. Wilson D D
pastor; residence by the church: telephone
Black. s6l. 11 a. m. subject, "The Baptism of
the Holy Spirit." The celebrated soprano
soloist from Boston, Mrs. P. B. .Alexander
will sing "God. Be Merciful." The primary
Sunday-school will sing at 11 o'clock sharp
7.30 p. m., song service and sermon on "The
l,'-.'"i. X, 11 * 3 -^ " Special music. "The Bird
\\ Ith a Broken Pinion," "Down in a Licensed
Saloon," 'Beware of the Fire." All always
welcome. . " _ . • . '
FIRST Divine Science Church of San Fran-
cisco; M E. Cramer, pastor. Subject
"Golden Treasures." Services 11 a. m Yo-
Bemlte Hall. N. S. G. W. building. Mason
street, between Post and Geary. Sunday
school at 12:30 p. m. .
SAN FRANCISCO Theosophlcal Society 819
Market St.; lecture to-night. "Death and Rel
birth, by Dr. George Day wait; subject Tues-
day night, "The Three Objects of the Theo-
phl< al Society." . •
"THE Astral World. Its Scenery and Inhablt-
ants. £, V b l lc lecture to-night at 8 o'clock
££££!£!£& Headquarters, 414 Mason st
Symposium by six members. Good music.
SUNDAY MEETINGS^ T
SOCIETY of Progressive SpirituaTi^raTUTDo^
ra<!r> Hall. AlcHzar building, O'Farrell st —
Sunday, January 30. :-ong service at 7 : 30
sharp; Mrs R. S. UUIe of Boston will de-
• liver an "'"' MS: subject, "Thomas Payne""
Mrs. J. J.- hitm-y will answer written "aues-
tlons and give spirit messages; admission/ 10c.
DR. COONLEY'S spirit photograph . and slate-
wrltlrK Reance, 8 to-night. 2r,- : parlor lec-
ture and tests, 2:30. We; sittings da II-. ■ satis-
; factory reading, by mall, $150. 1101 Market
M. No hall meeting. j «•«««.
JOHN SLATER,: the greatest platform test
medium living; grand test ueance to-night
Scottish Hall. 108 Larkln St.. at 8 share-
tests and messages; questions answered- nd '
mission 10 cents. '
AT DR. RINKS' spiritual society, 909 Market
St.. 11 a. m.. free; 2, 8 p. m.. lOe; Mrs Sea-
• ley, Kate 'Hussmann, Dr. Carpenter Mr
Hanson; 261 Arlington st. Tuesday; •Fridays',
MMX FLORENCE MONTAGUE~IvI!} hold
meeting Wednesday eve. in Ban Francisco
Washington Hall. ot.p. Tivol I; questions an-
tiwered; psychometric readings.
OAKLAND Psychical Society. Fraternal . Hall
> bhlgton St.. 7:30 p. m. Mine. Florence
Montague will lecture and appear In other
phases besides. ." ..
TEST developing circle, * p. m.. R p. m." t»st
meeting. 10c. 235 McAllister: R. A. Stltt,
Nita, Eavens, Meakin, - Hargrave, Hanson,
. others. .* ~
C. MAYO STEERS; 11214 Oak ft., circle to-
nlgst; Tuesday, 8 p. in.; Thursday, 2 p. m.;
readings, $1. .
CONVINCING tests: circle to-night, l«c; read-
. ings dally. 122 Taylor st. MRS. HENDEE
ROGERS. ..... • , . .
SUNDAY ..MEETlNGS— Continued.
AT 122*4 Oak st., every .Saturday evening,
MRS.' COLBY holds a circle; sittings daily.
MARKET. 907— 9 p. m., spiritual meeting; writ-
ten questions answered; best talent; free.
C. V. MILLER'S «>therea!izlng materializing
seance, 8 p. m., 50c. 40a Leavenworth st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 10c; fine music. 605 McAllister st.
i ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing seance;
i Sunday, 2 and Bp. m. ; 50c. 330 Ellis.
MRS. EGGERT AITKEN, test medium, gives
sittings ■!:;:!> at 320 McAllister st.
MEETING NOTICES.
i DORIC LODOB No. 216, F. and A. M. : •
Officers and members are hereby not —^%_
fied't" attend th<- funeral of Brother jSJJT ■
CHARLES ADAMS at 2:30 p.m.. THIS '^r^ j
DAY (Sunday), from B. a. Hall. 121 Eddy st.
1 Master Masons ami acquaintances invited.
By order THOMAS L. HILL. W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. See.
ST. PATRICK'S Day Convention— An
adjourned meeting of the convention »VVN. - ,y
of 1597 will be held in K. R. B. Hall, Jsy'if
on SUNDAY, February 6. at 2:30 P-ECj&Jyj
| m., to act on the reports of the flnan- a^tfei
I ci.'ii secretary and treasurer, transact any '
1 unfinished business and adjourn sine die. •
; Immediately after the convention of MM will
be called to order, to which all Irish and
Irish-American national and benevolent so-
cieties arc requested to send five delegates j
each. Officers of former conventions, grand :
marshals, orators and poets are entitled to
seats In the convention. By order j
JOHN MULHERN, President.
J. J. MORAS, Secretary.
i MECHANICS' Institute Election Notice— The j
; annual election of the Mechanics" Institute j
' for seven trustees will be held at the Mc-
i chanics' • Institute Library. 31 Post St.,
WEDNESDAY. February 23. 1898.
E. P. HEALD, Recording Secretary.
CHIEFS and Brothers Pohonachee *p*^
Tribe No. 10, Imp. O. R. M.— You *^<u2^h»
' are hereby notified to attend the JOkSj^-
funeral of our deceased brother, J. POHL- '
KSR, from his late residence, corner Twenty- ;
sixth and Howard sts., SUNDAY, January
30, IS9S, at 2 p. m. By order
II L. OHLSEN. Sachem.
WILLIAM NUTTALL. C. of R.
RIGGERS* and Stevedores' Union Association—
The detail commencing with Michael Shay
and ending with Charles Andersen will assem-
ble at their hall on SUNDAY at 1:30 p.
m. to attend the funeral of their late !
brother, JACOB CORDTS. By order of
ALECK CAMPBELL, Pres.
NOTICE of meeting— regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of The Nevada Na-
tional Bank of San Francisco will be held
at its banking office, 301 Montgomery st.. San
Francisco. Cal.. on MONDAY, the twenty-
first (21st) day of February. IS9S, at 3:15
o'clock p. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve during the en- !
suing year, and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. D. B. DAVIDSON, Secretary. .
San Francisco, January 20, 1898.
THE regular annual meeting of the Stock-
holders of The National Ice Company will be |
held at the office of the company. 327 Mar-
ket street. San Francisco. Cal.. on WEDNES-
DAY, the 2d day of February, IS9B, at the :
hour of 11 o'clock a. m . for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
ensuing year, and the transaction of such
! other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
j $2000 LIFE Insurance in large old line Ameri-
can company, with assets over $40,000,000,
costs- $3 to $6 per month, according to age;
no- agents employed. Write for circular or
apply BERNARD A AUER. rooms til and
I 612 Safe Deposit building. San Francisco.
I THEY are closing out remnants of. curtains,
dress goods, corsets, hosiery. underwear, bed- I
spreads, towels, laces, linings, trimming*,
veilings, etc.. very cheap at Pioneer Dry
Goods Store. 10.". Fifth st. j
MISS PEARL HARRISON, medium and mag- '
netic healer, charms. 120U Geary st. , rooms
2 and 3.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
c.ty or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st..*ro©m 6: tel. 5580.
MRS. DR. FISH, rm 3. IMA Grant aye.: elec-
trtcian." alcohol. Turkish baths; unrivaled.
JNO. HT'LTHEN. electro-magnetic massage
treatments: alcohol baths. 8 Mason «t.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MRS. STEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120H Geary St.. room 11.
ROOM Renting Bureau, room 24, Flood build-
ing, cor. Fourth st.
j 627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— until 9:30 !
: o'clock: branch office of The Call. Eubscrip-
- tlons and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
YOUNG lady desires a position as cashier or
saleslady. Address box 820. Call office. j
WANTED— PIain sewing and repairing to do '■
at home. 116 Sixth St.. room 6.
SETTLED young woman: good, plain cook:
neat and thorough boua-j worker; wages 115
to $20. Box 809, Call orfice.*
REFINED woman would like housework In
family of two or three, no children, where
sh; will be treated same as family; wages
$15. Address box 810. Call office.
WOMAN wants general housework; good ref-
erences. 2636*;4 Sutter st.
YOUNG lady wants position in office; best of :
references given. Box 822, Call office.
WOMAN wishes to go to Alaska to cook for !
party of men or wash and mend. Address or
call 162 Fifth st. Will the gentleman who
answered the above ad last ember an-
swer? \ -
' LIVELY elderly woman wishes situation to
do housework; gcod plain cook: city or coun-
■ try: wages $10. Address 1000 Washington st. "
I REFINED North German girl wants position
to care for children, or as companion or
maid. 1614 Washington st.
AMERICAN woman would like situation as !
working housekeeper; children no objection; i
wages $15. Address M. A., 123 Turk st.
GOOD seamstress wants situation in private
family to do upstairs work, and is also able
to teach French. Apply box 832. Call office.
WOMAN would like situation to do light
housework and sewing; would leave the city. i
Address MRS. R., 123 Turk st.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to take care of
a baby or child; can sleep home if required
746 Howard st.
REPUTABLE lady will dance for entrrtaln-
ments, lodges, clubs; charges moderate. Box
831, Call office.
YOUNG woman would do light housework:
wages $5 per month. Including room and
board for herself and child. Address 3;03
Twenty-sixth «t.
YOUNG person, first-class cook, wants posi-
tion; private family; wages $30. Address 746
Howard st.
J YOUNG woman desires plain sewing and
mending to do at home. 139 Fourth, room 10.
SEAMSTRESS would like position in family
■ good cutter and fitter; children's dresses a
specialty; no objection to country. Address
box $34. Call office.
CAPABLE American woman and daughter,
positions together: fine cook and manager;
boarding-house in country preferred: can
tnl'o full charge; good references. Box £37
! Call Office.
; GOOD woman wishes work by the day or
houseclennlng, ilght housework or chamher
work. Please call at 120% Hawthorne st.;
no postals.
J REFINED young girl wishes a situation as
j nurse; understands care of children: willing
to do light housework. Please call at 1978
I Union st.
! YOUNG woman wishes work by the day, week
or month: Is a good worker. 1165 Howard St.,
near Eighth. . i-i."
YOUNG woman wishes to do cooking or house-
work, $23. Call at 6 o'clock 106 Eddy m
room 43.
i 2 RESPECTABLE ladles wish positions as-
cooks, or will do any kind of work in order
to go to Klondike. Address box '•'•■. Call.
CULTIVATED young lady student would like
to be a companion for ,-i lady of refinement;
city, country or traveling; Unitarian lady
preferred. Address O. box 9. Call office, Oak-
land. • •
YOUNG lady of refinement wishes to be a com-
panion or a governess of children not over
10 years; city, country or traveling; home
win cultivated people chief consideration.
Address A. 8., box 2, Call office. Oakland.
LADY of refinement would assist with house-
work in exchange for room. Address MM.
box 100." Call office.
WANTED — A situation as housekeeper In , a
widower's family by .1 lady from the East;
best of references. MRS. ML, 515 Eighth et..
Oakland, '-v'".
SEAMSTRESS wishes to go in families to sew;
75c per day. 121 Shotwell St., off Sixteenth.
YOUNG lady as companion or caring tor and
instructing young children; country, prefer-
red. Address box 542, Call office.
;2 EXPERIENCED ladies wish situations at
1 second work and . sewing: no objection to
country. _ Address 1433*4 Stelner st.
GERMAN girl wants situation; upstairs work
and tewing; good waitress; references. 1022
Larkln st.
1 — , «■ .
WOMAN wishes position to assist In house-
keeping; goo<l_CDok: will . go M cook In
boarding house. L. S.. 514 Bush, room 1.
RESPECTABLE ■ woman wants to go out by
the day, washing and ironing; $1 and car
fare. Apply 104 Grove st. r . . .
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JAXI T AEY 30, IS9S.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
YOUNG woman wishes working housekeeper's
position or do plain mending. 131 Fourth st.,
room 1.
YOUNG lady with' experience would like to
Kive massage treatment to Invalids at their
homes. Address box. 7S4, Call office. .
ENERGETIC and reliable woman. 32 years of
age. with experience in hotel business, wishes
situation as chambermaid in city or country
hotel: thoroughly understands hotel business;
can give references as to ability. Call or ad-
dress K. C. 1408 J St.. Sacramento.
GERMAN Protestant nurse wishes position; in-
fant or small children; competent and re-
liable: well recommended: no objection to
.-.v, :nc: country or traveling. Address box
726. Call office.
THOROUGHLY competent girl. Just from the
East, wishes housework in American family.
Box 721, Call office.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
■ t-lry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— until 9:30
o'clock: branch offiVe of The Call. Subscrip-
tlons and want ads taken.
SITUATION WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese iestaV 20 y«»rs) help;
tf-1. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay St.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 428.
HUNTER & CO., Chinese and Japanese emp.
office. 614»* California St.; tel. Main 231.
JAPANESE employment office; work day.
hour or evening. 122* i O'Farrell: tel. Davis 6os.
SOBER and Industrious young man. German,
desires position as assistant gardener, or
will do gardening and chores on large pri-
vate place: Al references. Box 818, Call.
EXPERIENCED miner lately from the Klon-
dike, wishes to be grub-staked: best of ref-
erences given. Box 819. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman has $400 or $500 to
invest that will give respectful employ-
ment; write full particulars. Box 813. Call.
STEADY, temperate, elderly man. handy at
all home work, care of stock, driving, etc.,
wants steady employment. Box Sl2. Call.
BAKER, single man, first class In his trade,
wishes situation, city or country. Box 830,
Call office. '_ '
MAN and wife want to manage a hotel or
boarding-house or to rent same. H. 11., 1144
Howard st.
AN experienced teacher would like a few pu-
pils at his or their homes; reasonable. Box
828. Call office.
HONEST Japanese boy wants situation to do :
isework, help cooking or waiter. S.
ZWENKAWA. 1329 Pine st.
WELL-EDUCATED experienced fruit grower
desires a position of trust on large fruit
ranch; can give bonds and good references.
C. box 811. Call Office.
ENGRAVER and maker of monograms and
badges desires work. Box 524, Call Office.
WANTED— as coachman and gar-
dener: thoroughly understands his business;
is willing and obliging: two 'years In last
place; ran furnish good references. Apply
llOS'^ Hyde St.
SINGLE man. handy around horses, also
with tools, desires position as porter or on .
private place. Box SOO, Call office.
BARBER'S apprentice wants chance to finish
trade. Address box SOS. Call office.
YOUNG man. 20 years old, of temperate habits,
wishes situation; is willing and obliging;
references. T. C, box &03, Call office.
MA"N and wife would like positions on chicken
ranch: will work on shares or take salary;
thoroughly understand business In all its
branches; best references. 315 Tenth St..
Oakland.
WOOD CHOPPING or sawing contract want-
ed by party owning Improved portable steam
wood-sawing machine. But 838. Call.
JAPANESE neat boy wishes position as wait-
er and housework or cooking in the family;
has city references. St Minna St., rear.
YOUNG man of 20 wishes a position of any
kind: ran milk and understands horses; best
of references. ROBT. MCALLISTER. Lorin.
YOUNG man of good business education,
handy at anything, wants work of any kind;
manual or otherwise; steady and reliable;
references. Address box &01, Call office.
FIRST- landscape gardener, profes-
sional florist, desires position to remodel old
place or lay out new place: thoroughly un-
derstands his business. Address box 7t>4.Call.
WANTED— Situation us assistant bookkeeper
or clerk: 7 years' experience In railroad
freight and auditor's office; best references.
Address box 802. Call office.
YOUNG German boy with 3 years* experi-
ence In confectioneries wishes situation in
same. Address box 796. Call Office.
GERMAN. 25 years old, who speaks English,
wants position as clerk In dry-goods store.
Address box 787, Call Office.
CHIEF cook who Is a baker by trade and
fine meat-cutter: is a first-class man. Ap-
ply to fit* Sacramento St., barber-shop.
MAN and wife, with one six-year-old boy,
would like a place on a dairy ranch. Call or
address E. SEP. 308 Third st.
WANTED— Position by a first-class bar-tend-
er: hotel or (saloon; references. Address box
7f<a, Call Office.
GOOD sober American wants position as
cook; is a good baker; camp or country hotel
preferred. Address box 791, Call Office.
WANTED— Position as cook In steamer going
to Alaska; sober, good baker; references.
Address box 790. Call Office.
GERMAN baker with 16 years' experience
wishes a good position. 1707 Powell st., city.
GARDENER— man, sober. Industrious,
wishes position In private family. W. A.,
box 779, Call Office.
EXPERIENCED In farming, fruit growing,
road building and general practical work;
also underrtands land surveying; good refer-
ences. T. A CREGAN, Napa, Cal.
WATCHMAKER— Norwegian, having worked
2H years at watchmaking In the old country
and 4 years in watch factory in this, wants
work at the trade. Box 703. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes a situation as fireman; 3
years' experience: can furnish good city ref-
erences. Address H. P. F.. 634 Fourth St.
SITUATION wanted to open oysters. Address
box 786, Call office.
MAN with 3 years' experience wishes position 1
to drive delivery wagon. Address box 725,
Call office.
MECHANICAL engineer open for engagement;
x high references. Box 727, Call efflce.
RELIABLE, industrious German gardener;
understands taking care of horses and cows
and handy around the place: good references.
Address . box 763, Call office, city, Oakland
or Alameda. ■* "
; GERMAN, middle-aged. • married, speaks good
English, mechanic by trade, handy with tools,
wants any situation. Box 770. Call office.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
JAPANESE wants a situation to do general
housework and help as waiter. M. M.. 1
Eddy place.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
kef 200 rooms, 25c to $150 night; $150 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
. and baggage to and from ferry. ■ -■■ ■'.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
' SIX waitresses, city hotels, $20; 10 waitresses,
country hotels. $20; 2 waitresses, same hotel,
country, $20, free , fare; 40 .girls for house-
work, city and country, $15, $20 and $25; 20
i gl/ls to assist. $12 and $15. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 108 Geary St.
TEN waitresses, different country hotels, $20;
2 waitresses, same country hotel, $20 each;
ranch cooks, $25 and $20; German or Swiss
woman to cook on milk ranch near city, $25.
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
TELEPHONE operator; trained nurse; Inva-
lid's attendant; | stewardesses; typewriter;
sewing machine" office clerk; dental office
clerk. Ladies*' Select Parlors, 1023 Market st.
FREE service— lo girls wanted at once, wages
$18 to $25; no fets charged; the best homes
in the City waiting. Ladies' Parlors, 1023
> Market st.
GOVERNESS to tench grown girls In English
•nd music: refined home; good salary: per-
manent place. Call room 6, 101S Washington
St., Oakland. . .
YOUNG lady for photograph parlors; iUgttt
knowledge of books required. Call rooms 7
and S, Ult Washington St., Oakland.
MANAGING hotel housekeeper, middle-aged,
experienced, $40; good references. 101S
Washington st., Oakland.
25 GOOD reliable girls; best homes in Oak-
land; highest wages. IMS Washington St..
Oakland.
YOUNG girl to do light housework; wages $S.
Apply at 1129 Guerrero st.
WANTED— An apprentice for. dressmaking;
goou sewer. .'.40 Ellis st. 1
NEAT girl for general housework; small fam-
ily; w«g.-s $10 to $12; references. 3»30*4 Sacra-
mento st. ,
WANTED— First-class Ironer for laundry. See
party at parlor 2. 1035 Market St.. 10 to 3
Sunday. -
MILLINER. $15 per week, at once; I glace-
f rult salesladies. . 313 Bush Bt. ,
3 CONFECTIONERY salesladies, new store-
young lady for photograph gallery. 313 Bush.
STEWARDESS for Alaska steamer; hotel
housekeeper for Juneau. 313 Bush st.
GERMAN g-lr! for general housework and plain
cooking. ' 033 Hayes st. . .
HE Ll* WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with children.
_92S_Eddy st. '
Al FINISHERS on lined Jackets; also skirt
hands; piece work. DAVIDSON & MILLER,
731 Market st.
WANTED— A j.iunr girl to learn dressmak-
ing. Apply MADAM RICHEY. 211t>'» Van
Ness aye.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, general housework;
2 schoolgirls; Stockton; wages $10. 315 Aus-
. tin aye.
SALESWOMAN, skirts and suits. Address box
MS, Call office. '
PLAIN sewer tnat wants work or apprentice.
501 I^aven^orth st.
WOMAN to assist in cooking; good home;
Mtiall wages. Call 619 Eddy.
FIRST-CLASS ventilator and hairdresser. 24
Geary st.
DRESSMAKERS and all interested In dress-
making call and see our school; learn the
celebrated McDowell system of dresscuttlug
and get positions free: stylish flressrr.aklng
and millinery thoroughly taught; the Mc-
Dowell Is the most successful school west of
Chicago: this Is the school that received all
the gold medals and diplomas;, easy pay-
ments: -unlimited lessons: patterns cut. 25c
up. The McDowell Dressmaking and Milli-
nery School. 103 Post st.
WANTED— Experienced operators on men's
fancy flannel and white shirts; also a lim-
ited number to sew on buttons; will also
take a few inexperienced for instruction.
Standard Shirt Factory, cor. Gough and
Grove sts.
YOUNG Kir! to assist In light housework;
• wages $10. 1206 Clement st.. bet. 13th and
14th ayes.. Richmond District.
REFINED nursery governess who understands
training of children; references required. Box
798, Call office. -t :..** -„:.',.
WANTED— A strong, capable girl for genera:
housework; wages $15. Apply 2654 Folium st.
WOMAN for housework; 2 in family; no wash-
ing. 25 or 319 East st. r-'. j 'K*J
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry: low Interest. Uncle Harris, IS Grant ay.
REMOVED— Dr. Wise, the ladles' specialist, to
' ISM Market st.; monthly troubles, etc.
YOUNG girl for general housework. Apply 214
Hyde st.
LA WHENCE DreßSCuttlng School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
LOT of uncalled-for shoes from 2.V up to $1 25.
562 Mission st., bet. First and Second.
, LADIES' shoes, solelng, SEC men's shoes, sole-
Ing, 50c. : all repairing done at half the usual
price. 662 Mission st . bet Ist and 2d.
THE McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School Is the best place to learn; Mechanics'
Fair diploma; patterns cut 2Sc up. 103 Post.
MALE HEM' WAI.TED.
HEAD COOK, restaurant. "~~" '~"^~
C. R. HANSEN .< CO.. 108 Geary st.
FRENCH cook, country" hotel, $50.
Broiler, restaurant. $16 a week: broiler,
south, $65: cook for a boarding-house. $50:
lunch cook, $30 and room: German kitchen
hand, $22 SO
Walter, $35; 2 waiters. $30; dinner waiter,
$20. C. R. HANSEX & CO., 10S Geary st.
POLISHER and starcher. country steam laun-
dry, $50. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary.
, COLORED cook for board Ing-house, $35. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
i PORTER and runner, country hotel, $30; bell-
boy, city, $10. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
: Geary st.
HORSESHOER. country shop. C. R. HAN-
BEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
5 GERMAN or Scandinavian farmers, ,$2O,
same ranch; 2 choreboys and men. $10.
party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
, Geary st. ;;'•
MEN to contract to cut 5000 cords of good tim-
ber, from 1000 cords up. $1 a cord —
I 40 tiemakers, 10c. tools and grub advanced,
long Job
11 coal miners
! C. R. HANSEN I CO., 108 Geary st.
SHAMPOOER for baths In Los Angeles,
party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 103
i Geary st.
BAKERS— ■ -
Bread baker for a large gold mine. $■».'. and
found: I cooks. $30 nnd $35: 2 waiter boys;
farm hands; tiemak^rs: woodchoppers, etc.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st. Call
' to-day. Sunday.
GARDENERS
: 3 gardeners, private residences; call to-day
(Sunday). MURRAY & READY. 634-63? Clay.
TAILORS ■ ...■■■ —
Tailor wanted, near ty: call to-day (Sun-
day). MURRAY ft HEADY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— A few m-n of good appearance and
good talkers ti art .is city salesmen; also a
man to travel oi the road; big money to
right parties: investigate. Call 17 Grand aye.,
bet. Ninth and Tenth sts., off Mission.
WANTED — Shirt traveler on side line on com-
mission. Box Sl.'., Call office.
, ANGLE Lamp Co., 105 Market St., S. F., wants
j city and country agents: deposit' required.
■ FOR sawmill, country, steady work: 20 rail-
! road laborers, $20 and board: 2 married men
for mlllwork; gang boss, $10 and board;
ranch blacksmith. $30. R. T. WARD I CO.,
6CB and 610 Clay st.
WORK at home furnished people cf either
sex at good wages. For full Information ad-
dross Labadie Art Co., Kalamazoo, Mich.
TWO experienced boys to work in a black-
i smith shop. Apply 228 Fremont St.
WANTED— First-class painters and carpenters
to buy lot or small house and lot and pay
part in work. • THE MCCARTHY CO., 646
Market St
! BRIGHT boy to work In manufacturing estab-
lishment; wages $3 a week. Address box
j 826. Call Office.
PAINTER for rough work. A. 8.. box 833. Call.
WATCHMAN— Single man for a general mo -
chandlsr- store; bring references. 313 Bush.
MARRIED Janitor who understands steam for
an educational Institution. 313 Bush st.
: GENERAL merchandise store clerk; married;
wife to assist as saleslady. 313 Bush st.
' LIVKRY stable foreman: 2 coach drivers:
buggy washer: stableman. 313 Bush st.
I BOOKKEEPER. Klondike outfitting firm, $70;
I 3 salesmen, same place. 313 Bush st.
GOOD short-order cook wanted. ISO 6 Market
street. !
ACTIVE man; small carpentering, with view
to business. 1204 Bush st.
I BUTCHER; good meat cutter and sausage-
maker; single man preferred; references.
_ Box 839. Call office.
WANTED— Bright young man with $500 cash
bond to manage branch of large provision
company: money secured; reference required.
; Address box 535, Call.
BOY who has some experience In tailoring.
Call Sunday, 8 to 11 a. m.. MB Minna st.
SEAMEN for coast. Alaska and Australia; no
cash required. HERMAN'S. 2( Steuart st.
WANTED- man to tak*.charg-« of the
night bar of raloon; must deposit as security
$150: wages *6u per month. CURRAN & CO.,
30 Kearny st.
- '■ * ' '■■ " * '" "~
i DISHWASHER wanted. ' SOS Mission st.
WANTKD— and women; work home; I pay
$8 to $16 a week for making crayon portraits;
new patent method; any one who can read or
write can do the work In spare time, day or
evening; send for particulars at once. H. A.
GRIPP. German Artist, Tyrone, Pa,
YOUNG German, 16 to 18 years old. to drive
butcher wagon. 81J Buchanan st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis st.. near Jackson.
21-CENT barber shop and bath; country, near
city; good chance; good reason for selling;
mast be sold. Address box 632. Call office.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
mar.ne corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men. between the ages of
Zl and M years, who are citizens of th«
united St»tos. or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become sveh; must
be of good character and habits ana able to
•Peak, read and write English, and bo be-
tween t feet 5 Inches nnd 6 feet In height.
V or ■further information- apply at -the re-
crultlr.g ■■■», 20 Ellla -t..San Francleco. Cal.
WAXTED- I.ahor.r>- and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver Hous». 217 Third St.: 150 large
roans; 2. r .c por night: $1 to $3 per week.
TO tailors— Good bushelman wanted. Apply
OnTw 9 an-i 11 a. m. tO CHARLES LY-
''NS. 721 Market st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew.
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
SHOEMAKERS to get men's calf .ippem.
1 Vn" ai 2MT?!r» l< ta or<l " r Best * American.
$1 60. SHIRLEY. 921 Howard st.
"s* . » ha Another lot ■' men's sWa:
f£^?.h s iv. tly dn "»'K'*l: nt — than one-
fourth their T«lii«>: from 2.> sn US*. 551
Mission St.. bet. First and Second Ms.
Xr J T , K!^ Kn ~"""^' " Tn » r «- -«•• nw
Market: 200 rooms. 25c a night: rendlng-room:
free bus and bawrage to and from the ferry.
• R 2SP Al'sA I'5 House. 321 Ellls-Roome Be to $1
night: $1 tn $4 week: hot and cold baths.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
fW . £ P. FUCHS. ' S»c. 323 Grunt aye.
4 MARKET St.— Branch office of Tha Call;
want ads an«l subscriptions taken.
OB LARKIN-Branch office of The Call: want
■as and subscript taken.
SINGLE rooms 10c and 16c night. 73c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard.
HELP WAXIED- Continued.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. Eighth.
•ELCHO House. 563V4 Market ltooma tOc.
lac to Sue night; $1 to »2 w*ek.
ROOMS, ISo to 75c Mr night: Etc to $1 50 per
week- Oriental. 225 Drumm St. ■ . -'.- -
WANTED— At Montana House. 764$ Mission;
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 250 per
night; We. »k; and »i per week.
WANTED, to collect" wages due laborers anj
clerks. KNOX Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 857 Market St.. below Sixth.
for » room: ;-, c a night: Si a week. ■
AGENTS "WANTED.
WANTED— Gentlemen and ladies to solicit for
fraternal beneficial society: liberal terms.
w^ \ Monilays from 2 to 3 p. m.. at DR.
LOGAN'S office. .10 Geary St..
WANTED AOENTS-Good men can earn $1000
yearly by taking orders from our line of
tailoring; elegant sample outfits furnished
free MOSSLER BROS.. Wholesale Tailors.
357 State st .. Chicago.
AGENTS wanted, male or female; new paying
business; big money for you; send address
for samples and full particulars free. ('HAS.
MARSHALL. Manufacturer; Lockport. N. Y.
AGENTS WANTED— Men or women at home;
salary or commission guaranteed: just out;
write quick for information; begin work at
"nee. Mutual Mfc . 121 Chambers st., N. Y.
INTEIXIGENT a cn * s make money selling
«eiß Pat. Binders, binding magazines, mu-
sic, etc.: liberal commissions; Inclose stamp.
The Wels Binder Co.. 24 Jackson. Toledo. O.
AGENTS make $6 to $12 a day: Perfection
.uurners: consumes kerosene: territory pro-
tected; 200,000 sold four months. Pae. Supply
Co.. ?2 Flood building.
MONARCH vapor hath cabinet, containing
recent Improvements; agents making $10 a
day: territory protected. Pacific Supply Co..
S2 Flood building.
FIRST-CLASS canvassers wanted to solicit
FUbocriptlons for the San Francisco Call
Seribner'B United States History Clubs: the
greatest United States history ever published,
costing over $130.00.) for illustrations alone;
this Is a grand opportunity for a live agent
to make money. Call or write at once for
particulars. Address San Francisco Call,
History Department, room 120S Claus Spreek-
els building. '^
ROOMS AND nOARD WANTED.
FAMILY of two desire three unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; reasonable rent;
will be permanent. Address box SO6. Call.
LADY wishes board and pleasant room, fur-
, nlshed or unfurnished; SIS; references. Box
814. Call office.
LADY music teacher wishes large unfurnished
room between Market and Howard. Fourth
and Eighth sts. : half payment In piano les-
sons. Box 702. Call office.
HOUSES WANTED.
WHY lose money by having your houses, stores
or flats vacant, when they can be quickly
rented by HENDERSON REALTY CO. (pub-
lishers of Weekly Real Estate Register)?
Give us a trial. Satisfaction guaranteed.
HENDERSON REALTY C0..405C McAllister.
' ROOMS WAXTED.
WANTED — 2 unfurnished sunny rooms north
of Market «.. not above Bush. Address
box 7£9. Call Office.
FURNITURE WASTED.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery st ; hlcbe«t prices pali T»l. DavU 71.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — To rent on shares, large stock,
grain or fruit ranch, by a thoroughly ex-
perienced and reliable German orchardlst
and general farmer. Address box 82i, Wat-
ponvllle, Cal.
WANTED— large woolly dogs; 70 lbs. or
more. 142 Eighth St.. afternoon.
IF you have a first-class ladies' bicycle (Co- j
lumbia 'M preferred) for sale cheap for cash,
address box Ml, Call. „.:.;
GENTLEMAN to share sitting room and bed-
room. $4 a month. Box 805. Call office. .
WE buy all kinds of second-hand tools, stoves,
etc. JAMES CURTIN. 1123 Market st.
SECOND-HAND clothing/ dresses, sealskins,
wanted; best prices; send postal. 10V) Folsom.
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales, tools, etc..
bought and sold. J. Livingston. 204 Mission.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold. nUver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ARRrVED' ARRIVED! ARRIVED'
TRANCE MEDIUM AND CLAIRVOYANT.
DR. REED?:.
HE TELLS E-V-E-R-Y-T-H-I-N-G.
He gives full names, , dates, facts and fig-
ures. Dr. Reede wishes It distinctly under-
stood that he will accept no fee unless you
find him
SUPERIOR TO ANY MEDIUM or Clair-
voyant in San Francisco. When In doubt or
trouble of any kind see this gifted man. and
lie will set you right. He has helped others.
He will help you. He doesn't want your
money if ho can't benefit you.
Private parlors, 236 Sutter St., near Kear-
ny: room 1.
Office hours from 9 a. m. to 6 p. m. Sun-
days to 2 p. m.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium: while en-,
tranced she will reveal every hidden mystery
in life: she will show you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost affections: unites the separated, recov-
ers lost, stolen or buried ! property: locates
treasures, minerals; tells your entire life,
past, present and future, while In a perfect
trance. Hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect
satisfaction guaranteed by mail. Send stamp
for circular with special terms. MRS. DR. F.
CLARK, rrr.s. 23 & 26. 12C« Market, opp. 6th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader, born double veil and second sight:
diagnosis disease: full life reading: la.. Me;
gents. $1: palm. & clalrv.; sit. SI 50.126 Turk.
MME. LE NORMANDE. clairvoyant, card
reader; magnetic treatment; hours, 10 to 9.
401 Lenvenworth st. ./*.'"
MME. MOREAT7 test medium, clairvoyant,
card -reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. upstairs.
CONSULT the lucky medium and clairvoyant;
fee. 25c. 41 # Minna St.. basement.
MISS LOLA M. STEVEN'S, card-reading and
magnetic treatment. 225 Mason, suite 1-2.
DR. ALICE FAY. medium and genuine mag-
netic healer. 12S Seventh St.. second floor.
MME. MABEL HALT., card reader, has located
at 1104 Mission St.. room 10.
RAY FAlR— Card reader; magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post st., room 2.
MIPS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and
water reader. 921*4 Mission St., opp. Mint.
MME. HANREN. palmist, card-writer: past,
present and future: Be. 14S Sixth, room 5.
MME. LINDEN, card render and magnetic,
has returned: charms. 120 Fourth St., room 23.
MME. ZINELLA. the business medium and
astrologer. Room 12. 100 Grant aye.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium-
sittings daily. 123Vs Sixth St.. room 14.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— in her pro-
reamon: never fails; advice: helr>. 929 Post.
MME. SODAN, Scotch seeress, card-reader and
l-almist. 619 Eddy. 9 to R P. M.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, mind reader and
palmist. 131 Taylor St.. room 3. .
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
n#^vlre: ->»mr« g'.yen: ?:..■ ur>. . 5 Fourth st.
SIMRJTUAL.IS3I.
MRS! FAIRBANKS, clairvoyant: Toe*.
and Frl. eve.; 10c; readings daily; 25 and
CO cts. IPS Sixth st."
TEST circle to-night at 937 Guerrero st., near
Twenty-second.
MRS." MANDENA. medium nnd palmist: read-
Ings 25c this week: satisfaction gar'td. 26 €th.
A. M. FRANCIS. Independent slate-writer: de-
veloping circle Wednesday eve. lIS Haight st.
MRS. MAYO STEERS 112U .Y.: circles
Tues. ft p.m., Thurs. 2 p.m.: 25c: readings SI.
MRS. HOSKINS. • spiritual medium: circle
Tues.. 8 p. m.. Sic: readings. SI. 214 Franklin.
MRS. J. J. W~HITNEY. spiritual medium, for
•»*.<!«» r *. i.r.,1 n'lvir* " ?H St^fcton *t.
TEAS.
TEAS.
- 10, 25. 30. 35. ■ 40. 50 per pound.
<■( >!"FEES.
10. 15, 20, 25. 35.' *<"> per pound.
SPICES.
1 10. 15, 20. 25. 40 per can.
RUNNING 100 STORES ENABLES US TO
SELL VERY CHEAP.
WE GIVE FREE
PRETTY DISHES,
GOLD WATCHXB,
BICYCLES.
MUSIC IioXES.
AIR RIFI.IS
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
PERSONALS.
YOUNG man wishes to correspond with'
wealthy lady.- who is willing to outfit him for
Klondike on one-half share. Address box
S4O, Call office. ■. j
IMPORTANT legacy- left; liberal reward for
Information of whereabouts at . .
WILLIAM OWEN JONES
of Southern California, or of v
EDWARD LLOYD WILLIAMS,
formerly of England.
Address C. DISNEY, 911 Sixteenth St., Wash-
ington. D. C. ■ "/.-.i '■?'.'.
ANY person desirous of getting married, call
or send 10c for copy/ of January "Wedding
Bell"; 12 pages; 442 gents, 315 ladles; no $5
required. EDITOR, 111 Ellis St., San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
AM prepared to wait on all who come to my
parlors; plenty of room; hairdresslng, 16c;
good switches, $1; best finest quality. $3 50;
extra heavy, long, $s:f< pen Sundays 9 to 12
a. m. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton St.
DR. P. MOHRDIECK. electro-therapeutics :
diseases cured; consultation free. 406ij O'Far-
rell Et.
MARRY— for "Cupid." the most reliable
lists; price 10c. Box 752. Call office.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic has the highest in-
dorsements. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton St.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
LADIES — My monthly regulator .■ never fails;
trial box, We. Mrs. Rowan, Milwaukee. Wls.
NEW method massage, electric treatment;
heated room. MRS. JOHNSTON, 514H Geary.
PRACTICAL hypnotism and suggestive thera-
peutics taught; diseases and habits cured.
402^4 Geary st.
IOOb CARDS, $1 50; 1000 bill heads. $1 90: 1000
statements. $1 90; 1000 letter heads. $2 50: 1000
envelopes, $1 90; printed first class; orders of
$6 sent free. BROWN & BLEY CO., print-
ers and photo-engravers, 19 to 27 Stevenson.
DR. CONDORY"S ~
Klondike condensed food capsules. Price,
100 capsules $10. 1000 capsules $30. Address
:.>..-» DR. V. CONDORY.
989 Howard st
PROF. J. GREVEN will Introduce three mor«
talent to the public in their own concert at
Y. M. C. A. Hall, on January 26, IS9B. Miss
M. De Chent, dranmtic soprano; Miss I.
Brown, mezzo soprano, and MR. M. AL-
BERT, high lyric tenor.
BIG outdoor stereopticon show every night cor-
ner Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic advertise-
ments in living light; promoters of business.
Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., nr. Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MISS ANDERSON, graduate, Swedish nurse;
baths; genuine massage; Swedish movement;
ladles, gents. 90$ Market St., room 25, 2d floor.
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty: private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law, 850 Market, cor Stockton.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In
Fan Francisco at Eastern prices WALTER
N. ■ BRUNT. 535 Clay St.. K. F.
SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
LF.MOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
$14— Suit to order: samples; try one. NEU-
HAU9 & CO.. tailors. 115 Ke^rny st.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
SUPERFLUOUS hairs removed by electrolysis.
MT?S. PR WET.CH. 2115 Bush
g| DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant ntyliah dresses.
$". up; dresses made over, 6 Eddy St.. rm. 8«.
HORSES.
HORSE for sale. Inquire at 3900 Twenty-
. fourth St.. corner of Sanchez.
j JUST arrived— 2 carloads broke horses; 1200 to
I 1600 pounds. 145 Valencia St.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
or exchanged: cheap storage: 40 horses; must !
sell. T. P. NEWELL. ISO 2 Mission, cor. 14th. j
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies, i
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar- ,
ket. 327 Sixth St., auction sales every Wed- i
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers. J
■: . WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
STANDING-TOP business buggy; cost $200;
bargain; $75. 1634 Mission st.
810 2-horse express wagon: 2 horses. South-
east cor. Halght and Fillmore sts.
WE sell at bargains the second-hand carriages,
coupes and wagonettes taken in exchange.
O'BRIEN & SONS, corner Golden 1 Gate aye.
and Polk st.
SECOND-HAND grocery." bakery delivery
wagons. 2-wheeled carts, road wagons, bug-
gies and harness bargains for cash. Fifteenth
and Valencia sts.
TOP buggy, new grocery, business buggy and
good 3-sprlng delivery wagon. .161 Howard.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open j
buggy: also 1 hack. RSB Harrison st.
1 FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, M hand machinery. Me-
. INTOSH * WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
TWO 120 Incubators and 6 brooders, $30. 2709
Larkin st.
FOUR beautiful English pug doga for sale:
■young; all male. 630\i Minna st.
FOR SALE — American encyclopedia (new); 6
volumes: 1 gentleman's English saddle: also
one Columbia bicycle, model 66. Address box
807. Call office.
THREE beautiful solitaire diamond rings for
$20 each: worth $40. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye.
ST. BERNARD pup, 1 year old: champion
pedigree: half price. 120 Douglass st.
FRESH milch cow, with calf. Apply 1755 \la-
bama st.
DOG wheel for sale. Call at 3 Brook st.
TEN GALLON KEG AT CAR LOAD PRICE
Choice Bourbon whisky, S5 proof, $16 30; Me-
Brayer whisky, 100 proof. 5 years old, $22;
• Al Jamacla rum, $16 85: extra quality port,
sherry, angelica, muscatel or Rhine wine. 2
years old. $6 60: 4. years. $7 50; real 6 year.
$8 60; genuine grape brandy, 100 proof, 3 year,
$22; 5 year. $24 50: Zlnfandol claret. $4 35:
Burgundy claret, $5 25; no charge for cooper-
ate or drayage: It pays to buy for cash.
Standard Liquor Co., 623 Market St., S. F.
FOR sale or exchange; 320 acres of land in
Michigan for lodging-house or other prop-
erty. Address or call 602 Buchanan st.
2 LARGE dogs. trained for hauling, for
Alaska. Call O. C. THORELL. Sixth aye.,
between I and J sts.. South San Francisco.
GOOD for Klondike: big. young, strong dog
for sale; cheap. GI2V4 Minna st.
SAFES — New nnd second hand: cheaper than
. ever. Hermann Safe Fac. 533 Sacramento.
6000 ORANGE boxes (in shooks); 800 pickle
keg«: IPO onsh ti"TP«. .Apply E. A. BUSH-
ELL. 1255 Broadway, Oakland.
ENGINE, , boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. it. S. WHITE, 616 Mission st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, denier second-hand
building material. 1122-36 Mission st.
COCO PAIR shoe lasts: . also dealer In second-
hand tools, machinery, etc. ; mail orders
promptly attended to. 646 Mission st.
OLD buildings I light and removed at short
notice. Apply Old Bay Distr : "'VnoTc build-
ings or 629 A" Ellis. J. B. FRENCH. :
GAS stoves for heating, one-half price; 1 and
; bowl -harbor wa*hstanda, cheap. lIUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
SOME new and second-hand Sterling wheels;
bargains. NICHOLS & CO., 404 Battery st.
SAFES— Barcatna in new ami second-hand: all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
GRAPHOPHONFS. $10: Records. $r, per doz.:
ProJeetOßcope, $100. . Baclgalupi, 933-* M Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture. . store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-,
ond-band. J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St.. above. Sixth.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
FOR SALE— Cheap; second-hand fireproof safe,
■ nt 42 Main st.
SECOND-HAND dynamos, gasoline and steam
englnoa. boilers, pulleys, shafting, laundry
machinery, etc. cyTTTT CO.; '?? Mission st.
, CARPET CLEA.MXI.
Steam" Carpet-cFeanlns WorKs; cleans,
moves. lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS, M«r..
»* and 40 Eighth st. : telephone South 250. .
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work j
fend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. . 353-57 Tehama St.: tel. So. 40. .
ADVANCE Carpet -clean, at: Co.. «20 batter;
tei. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. prop.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works. 14 Sth St.. B. GRANT. Tel. Jessie 201.
CLEANING, 3c: laying. 3c; rug samples free;
. tel Jessie 944. Stratton. 3 Eighth. •
CARPETS cleaned and renovated like new.
23 Tenth : ' tel. South 36. . Mackintosh & Co.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning Sc a yard: tel. Mia.. 74.
CONKLIN'S carpet-beating works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. Telephone East 126.
lIISI.VESS CHANCES.
$1200— WOOD, ccal, '>■ I store; good bargain.
$700 — Saloon, best location in city. ' .
. $300— Cnr. grocery and bar: W< stern Addition.-
s3so— Coal oil route: well established.
$125— Bakery and delicacy store; a bargain}
and other good bargains at \ '." - : ;£
ANDERSON & WINN'S. 777 Market si.
PLAY the races on our new system; $60 a
week on $100 capital guaranteed or no charge
for services. The American Turf Bureau'
rooms 5 and 6, S5O Market St.. San Franciscc
$100— BAKERY, candy, notions, j circulating
library, furniture, living rooms; rent $10;
present parties run 5 years. Corner Castro
and Henry sts.
$16.".0— ESTABLISHED jobbing wine and liquor
business and bar: full value: located on prin-
cipal business street; no agents. Box 829,
CpII office. . .
CORNER saloon, good location, south of Mar-
ket St.; good stock and nice fixtures: side
rooms, etc.; very reasonable. Box 694. Call.
RESTAURANT, well furnished; good location;
cheap rent; price $90 if taken at once. 914
Seventh st., Markct-st. Station, Oakland.
CORNER grocery and bar for sale at a sacri-
fice on account of retiring from business;
make an offer. 1401 Lyon st.
$3000 WILL buy an interest In a new corpora-
tion; party will be put in as manager, with
salary. Box 836, . Call office.
OLD established manufacturing business: larga.
trade: will sell in part or whole. Box S2l,
Call office.
MEAT market, 2 horses and wagons: !arg«
trade; price $450. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap; good location!
cheap rent. 110 Eighth st. •>. " ,v
O'FARRELL, 729— For sale, branch bakery anil
notion; 3 nice living rooms; cheap rent.
PRINTING office. $875; must be sold. 4 Call*
fornia St., room 5.
FAMILY liquor store, cheap. Information, 23t
Fifth st. .
FOR Delicacy store, with 2 furnished
rooms, on account of sickness. 163 Seventh.
DRUGSTORE doing; a good business: sick-
ness cause of sale. E. E. BUNCB. 901
Broadway, Oakland. .
PATENTS— for "Hints on Inventing."
EDGAR TATE & CO., Patent Solicitors, 24J
Broadway, New York.
FINE furnished saloon; new fixtures; cash
register: a good-paying Investment; business
established; cheap rent: owner going Into
other business; Investigate. 11l Fifth st.,
corner Minna. ' , .
WANTED— who understands running
mechanics' hotel; location where large num-
ber of men are employed; company will con-
struct, building to suit. Box 799, Call office.
$250— BRANCH bakery, candy. Ice cream and
notion store; fine location: neatly fitted up.
GEO. W. H. PATTERSON & CO., 1709 Mar-
ket st.. Real Estate and Insurance Brokers.
PHYSICIAN In a mining camp will dispose of
his practice to a regular for price of office
furniture. Address box 799. Call office.
FOR SALE or rent— Blacksmith's tools and!
stock: shop to lease; good business: going to
Klondike. 28 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
PARTNER — Restaurant; splendid bargain;
cook preferred inquire at once. Box 797, Call.
84-ROOM lodging-house; fine transient; sacri- -
ficed: cash; sickness. Box $04, Call office.
WANTED— buy, good will of country sa-
loon; state price; no agents. Box 792, Call.
GOOD paying restaurant for sale or exchange.
Inquire Model Lodgings, 737 Mission st.
MILK ranch for sale. Address box J., Six-
teenth and Mission sts.
BARBER shop, 6 chairs: part cash, bal-
ance monthly. Inquire 62 Eighth st.
FINE fruit-store- must be sold; owner Is go-
ing north. 409 Geary st.
— $600; saloon and restaurant; opposite depot;
" terminus 2 car lines; doing rushing business;
living and club rooms; rent $40: best busi-
ness opening In market. Inquire WIE-
LAND'S BREWERY. 
NEAT and clean . delicacy and bakery: fine
business: good stock cooked meats, butter,
eggs, etc.: cheap rent; will sell cheap for
cash. MRS. W. F. S., box 704. Call office.
$6000— GOOD-PAYING wholesale liquor and ci-
gar business In best interior town of this
State: party must leave. Address box 701.
Call office.
BARBER shop, 2 chslrs, for sale at Watson-
vllle: doing good business. Apply R. P.
. QUINN. Watson ville. Cal.
$500 WILL buy a one-half Interest In one
gravel and ; two gold quartz claims. Ad-
dress box 785, Call Office.
SODA WORKS route: horses, wagon: rent
$15; 4 living-rooms; no agents. 210 Connect-
icut st.
MISSION, 1151— Branch bakery." candy and no-
tion store. $100: 4 rooms and kitchen.
STORE to let. cor. Oak and Franklin; sult-
able for any business. 15 Grant aye.
CORNER saloon: good location; cheap rent-
owner sick. Inquire 253 Third st. " T"»
RESTAURANT for sale. 313 OFarrell st.
WANTED— Partner" with $300 cash; good busi-
ness; must be willing to go to Denver, Colo.;
Investigate. R. BENJAMIN, 111 Ellis, city.
MAN for partner: $100 capital; good-paying
. business. .1015 Market, rm. 17, second floor.
FIRST-CLAPS bakery, 4 horses and 2 wagons;
good outside trade. Inquire at Call office.
BUTCHER shop for sale. Address box 729,
Call office.
PATENTS. ~~~
SMITH & OSBORN. Regisfd Patent Agents;
established ISO. 319 Pine St., city.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry: low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or at 133 Third st., Portland, Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st
ALA KA ENTERPRISES.
2 EXPERIENCED miners will give lady or
gentleman partner one-third of .what they
may make and $1000 mortgage having several
months to mature for $1000 to go to Klondike;
references given. Add. Miner, box 817, Call.
ARCTIC sleds. Arctic dogs, Yukon boats, pi-
lot maps to the Klondike, Alaska outfits,
steam launches and stern-wheel steamers,
with boilers suitable to burn wood: 50 boats
can be seen at salesroom. GW. KNEASS,
' 718 Third st. Phone Red 2361.
EXPERIENCED miner, age 35, would like lady
or gentleman to grub-stake him for Alaska
on half shares; best .of references. 43S Sec-
ond st.
ALASKA Caisson Mining and Trading Com-
pany; office No. 37 Crocker bid., S. F.—
company proposes river mining for gold in
Yukon River by means of superior Invention,
to establish sawmills and machine shops and
work with great profit In other directions.
Call or write; full . particulars. .. Shares, $10.
WANTED— 2O men with $300 each to go to Alas-
ka for the Alaska Transportation, Trading
and Mining C0.. -.rooms 20 and 21, Chronicle
building; a safe investment.
WANT 25 men who will go to a favorite poitlj-
in Alaska. E. E. BUNCE. 90S BroadwayV*
Oakland. Cal. ■ . -
FOR wile, cheap— 2* large dogs, suitable for
Alaska mines. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
NEW passenger and freleht vessel for sale
quick. 90S Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
PARTIES with $500 or more to build steamer
and dredger for Alaska. Box 47, Vallojo. Cal.
~~LOBGIXG HOll'S FOR SALE.
WINSTON "x- CO m MARKET STREET.
RELIABLE BROKERS.
i 15 rooms, part cash: elegant, new $1,000
i 19 rooms, corner: a snap for.. .*.....". 5."0
I 23 rooms, near Baldwin: only.. s.->a
1 26 rooms, 12 unfurnished; rent $40 400
! 25 rooms, payments; rents $75; new 12,00
26 rooms, offices; will exchange for city
property.
80 rooms, part cash. bal.' payments 2KOO
SO rooms, 3 corner; rent $100........ gooo
CS rooms, clears from $230 to $300 32fw)
120 rooms; rent $120; part cash 1500
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st.
11 rooms. Butter st., part cash...:.. $ 275
70 rooms, rent $220. part cash.'. ....3,r>f>o
25 rooms, corner. "brand new," elegant... 3 000
44 rooms', rent $100. investigate.. 1 1700
C rooms, corner, rent $132, see It 1 r.no
.. 47 rooms, rent $100. 3 corners... 2,000
24-ROOM house, near Call office... ?~ioo
j 34 rooms, fine corner : ■ 1,600
14 rooms, on O'Farrell St.. only r>f,.>
16 rooms, on Market, part offices r.-,o
12 rooms, central, good furniture *>-,()
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp.. Fifth.
LODGING-HOUSE: 26 rooms; full: rent $65*
■water free; in exchange for Oakland prop-
erty: cash difference. Apply 439 Jessie st.
GOOD chance to make money; go rooms; rent
. $76; terms, half . rash, balance "monthly pay-
ments. .103 New Montgomery st.
$150 BUYS nicest furnished sunny fiat~in city
one-half cash; no trlflers. 402 Vi Geary st.
MINNA, 410— S-room house all ttirntabAA*
, rented: will sell cheap. , lurmsnea,
FOR SALE — Coso Lodging-house. 411 San-
PIRMTIRE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE; good condltionTdwner going^lo*
country: must be sold. 634% Turk st
TYFEWRITEirSr.~
REMINGTON No. 3- fine orri^y m £
aent. SCOTT & BANNAN. aM'MontsSlr! ,CITY RE.L ESTATE. *
O. H. UMBSEN & Co.. ' ]
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 Montgomery st.
CHEAP LOT. ■ 1
$-50— Duncan st.; 50:11x114; a snap on account '
of departure of owner.
_ a GIVE AWAY. '
$750— Rents $96 per annum; COST cottage of 4 j
rooms and bath: 25x112:6: even though a bar- c
gain at this price no reasonable offer will be
refused, as owner is a non-resident.
ANOTHER LOT AT A SACRIFICE. l
$900— Lot ready to build on; 27:6x112:6; Lor- i
bard st., a step from car line. ! 3
$1000 — Hampshire st. : 25x100; owner a non-
resident and very anxious to sell.
i
DOWNTOWN LOT.
$1200— Building lot for small cottage or flats;
Broadway, near Jones st. ; fine marine view. '
SUITABLE FOR CHICKEN RANCH.
$1200— Cozy cottage, barn, etc.; lOOxTS; Sliver .
aye.. 2 blocks from San Bruno aye. cars; must j '
be sold to close an estate; no reasonable offer 1
refused. ' ,
GOOD BUILDING LOT.
$1300— Near 11th and Folsom sts.: 28x60; ;
street accepted; good location for small flats.
CHEAP CORNER HOME.
— Corner; handy to several lines of street
cars; cozy cottage of 4 rooms, etc.; will be |
6old on easy terms. :
RICHMOND FLATS— CHEAP.
$2000— Rents $192 per annum; 2 flats of 4 '
rooms and bath each; 25x120. .
OFFERED TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$2250— Near Steiner and Geary sts.; nice 2-
story house of 7 rooms an.l bath, renting for
$20 per month: an offer will be considered;
must be sold. ■:„.; -:••
PARK HILL RESIDENCE LOT.
$2500—30x130: Irregular; fine marine, city and '
park views: in the heart of elegant residences. I
2 NICE MODERN FLATS.
$4550— Broderick st.. near Hayes: 2 nice flats
of 5 and 4 rooms and bath each; 25x110; part
cash.
A BARGAIN— 3 FLATS.
$5000 2 substantial flats of 8 and 9 rooms
and bath each: brick foundation, etc.; rents
$540 per annum; 25x90.
GOOD BUSINESS CORNER.
$5000— Corner lot: : >xS7:6; within 3 blocks
of Market St.; Western Addition; splendid
corner for drugstore and 2 tine flats; both
streets accepted by the city: a splendid In-
vestment could be made of this property.
FLATS VERY CHEAP.
$5750— Page st.: 2 nearly new modern flats of
6 and 5 rooms and bath each; rents $558 per
annum; 25x137:6.
FINE RESIDENCE. AT A SACRIFICE.
$7000 — Elegant modern residence of 9 rooms j
and bath, billiard-room, etc.; finished base-
ment and attic rooms: 25x120; in the best resi- |
dence location in the Western Addition; no !
reasonable offer refused.
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
39000 — 4 elegant and comparatively new ',
modern flats of C and 5 rooms and bath; rents
$1020 per annum: all modern improvements and
conveniences; 50x100; nicely located and handy ;
to several lines of cars.
EASTLAKE RESIDENCE.
$10; 000— An elegant Kastlake mansion; 17
rooms and hath: lovely grounds; £0x137:6: Park
Panhandle district.
A FINE BUSINESS CORNER.
$17.000— Corner on Oak st. rents $12150; 50x
110:4; 4 stores and 2 flats.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records," which contains a list of properties :
for sale in all parts of the cltv.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
LOTS IN THE
HEYMAN TRACT
$300
3300
A special offer we have been making now
for two weeks. Ten already sold. These are
choice lots, finely situated, only two block j
from the street cars, and commanding a ;
grand view of the city. Are all level and ;
ready for building. A flne chance to get a
home lot, only $5 monthly. They're going
fast— buy yours before they're all gone. Take ,
Mission st. cars, transfer to Twenty-second j
st. cars; ride to Hoffman aye.; ask for 1
JAMES A. COTTER, and he will show you
around. JACOB HEYMAN.
11 Montgomery st.
— CORNER Noe and 23d: fine business
corner: all street work done; easy payments. :
JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
BUY a it— What better investment? For $1 .
down and $1 a week we will sell you the '
choice of 30 lots near Golden Gate Park; only
$100 each: 7 already sold; electric road soon i
to pass these lots. JACOB HEYMAN, 11
Montgomery St.
$30 and upward— Building lots close to car ;
lines; $5 monthly. JACOB HEYMAN, 11
Montgomery st.
$50 down and $13 35 monthly will buy a new
4-1 ■ .in and bath cottage. Just built; con- i
venient to cars; good neighborhood; 3 al- ;
ready sold. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Mont- i
gomery st.
NEW modern 5-room and bath cottage, porce-
lain tubs, 2 mantels: lot 23x115: all modern '
improvements; 1 block from electric road; a I
bargain: $20 monthly. JACOB HEYMAN. 11
Montgomery st.
. i
___
PAYS GOOD INTEREST.
PAYS GOOD INTEREST.
Only $1200 cash required, balance on long
time, store and flat on Mission St.; leased for
4 years; lot 25x75; buy this. It's a snap.
$4300— a lot on Collingwood St., Just off of
Eighteenth; a business center: 49:6x124, with a
house of 6 rooms; 2." feet vacant; street bitu- •
minlzed; a good investment.
Seven beautiful building lots on Pacific
Heights, with marine view; special induce-
ments to parties who build; the cheapest lots ;
on the heights; only $100 per front foot.
$](V,o— On Fourteenth st., between Noe and ;
Castro: lot 26x115 feet; street work done and i
accepted.
$35 per front foot; northeast corner Sanchez
nnd Jersey sts.; 33x75; street work done.
• 'heap? Yes.
$27 per front foot: north side of Twenty-fifth i
ft., near Noe; 55x114; street macadamized.
WILL BUILD. WILL BUILD.
"We will build to suit purchasers on any of '
the above lots on very easy terms.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal.
AT AUCTION^ ~ ~~
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
TO-MORROW. January 31. at 12 o'clock noon.
Elegant Western Addition residence, 1727
Post St., near Webster: 8 rooms.
Choice Western Addition flats. 3401 Sacra-
mento St., southwest corner Walnut; 3 elegant
flats.
Western Addition cottage, 1522 Lyon St., 1
southeast corner Sacramento; 9 rooms.
Western Addition residence. 418 .Hermann St.,
near Buchanan: I rooms; 23x137:6.
Mission residence. SI Powell aye., half block
from Junction Valencia and Mission sts.
Haight-st. lot. 25x120 to rear street; south
Side of Halght St.. 123 east of Webster.
Mission residence lot, 50x103:6: south side Six-
teenth St.. 100 west of Sanchez.
Four Richmond lots. 25x120 each; west side
Twenty-second aye., 175 north of Point Lobos.
Richmond corner lot. 25x120; southwest corner
.-nth aye. and C St.; street work done.
Mission cottage, 159 Corbett aye., 1 block
from Eighteenth and Danvers sts.
At salesroom of
CHAS. J. CAMPBELL & CO..
224 Montgomery st. |
OWNER compelled to sell one of these pieces;
make an offer.
$2250— 7-room house and stable: Diamond'
St.. near Nineteenth: 27:6x125.
$3500 — Twenty-second St.. nr. Harrison: four
flats; 3 rooms each; In flne order: street, ac-
cepted: 25x100.
$1500—2 cottages. 4 and 2 rooms; Alabama
St.. near Twenty-third; 26x100.
W. H. CRIM & CO.. 118 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE— Lot 24:8x125, with cottage of 5
rooms and bath: street bituminlzed: patent
stone sidewalk; garden. 117 Collingwood Bt.,
between Eighteenth and Nineteenth: $2500.
ARTISTIC 5-room. new, complete home on
sunny corner; $250 cash, $25 per month. THE
MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st. (or D.
PRATT. Frultvale station, to-day).
$42,500— A well located piece of business prop-
erty on a prominent corner; income $310 per
month: lot 50x100.
$10,000— A fine residence lot on Webster St..
near Pacific are; size 46x110.
$1000— Stanyan, near the park; cheapest lot
on the street: one-third cash: size 25x107.
ENGLISH & MORRISEY. 62S Market st.
FOUR-room, new, sunny cottage. $160 cash.
$15 per month. THE McCarthy CO., 646
Market ft. -
$450— LEVEL lot r.OxlOO: street graded; Sunny-
side aye. COLE, Hearst aye.
SIX-room house: new; easy terms; Mission;
swap part payment for vacant lot. BABIN.
41'< Kearny.
JUST completed; Gothic residence: $26 month-
ly Installment: is worth seeing, Mr. Sanchez,
nenr Mission High School. Apply H. R.
' BCHMUCKERT. 1700 San Jose aye.
FOR SALE— On Lyori St.. between McAllister
and Golden Gate aye., new 7-room cottages,
with bath and laundry: beautifully frescoed.
PIECE of Income property: store: $10,000; no
*«entB. A. 8., box 833, can Office.
CITY JUAii ESTATI3.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents; I
established IV 626 Market st.
.Several business Investments, from $40,000 to I
(60.000. in downtown property; call at office | I.
or particulars.
$7000— Elegant residence, 7 rooms and bath; > 0
ot 34:10x117; on west side Howard, near 21th, 1 ,
Grand corner— Ness aye. and McAllister
t.; 109x120. with improvements; must be sold. f
Flats very low— $5500 for 2 large flats ;
)n Uebster St., near Sacramento; 23x90:6. , (
Down-town Investment— Bush Ft., between J
Montgomery and Kearny; 3-story building; lot I
54:4x112:6; make an offer. |j
$13,000— Land alone worth the money; Bush. ! *
near De,visadero:. lot 103:6x137:6. ,
To close an. estate— Southwest corner Six- . '
teenth and Hardy st». ; store and flats; renting '
for $13; lot 30xS5; price $7500; make offer. .
$4500— Bush St.. near Devisadero; 7 rooms and '
bath; lot 23x137:6. ?
Shotwell st., near Twenty-third; 3 flats; "
well rented; in perfect condition; lot 25x97:6. t
$2700— Church St., near Twenty-first; cottage ;
5 rooms and bath; lot 26x120. :
Prospect place, near Sacramento; rents ' 3
$28 per month; lot 30x60. '
1
$2000— House and large stable; Twenty-fifth |
St., near Douglass; lot 60x114. j I
! i
Cottage and lot, 326 Virginia aye., near f
Mission st.; large lot. 1
$3000— Rents $24; Pern' st., near 4th; lot 25xS0. b
— — — \
$3500— Rents $36 per month; Clementina St.,
near Third; lot 25xS0. I
We have a large list of cottages at less than !
cost that must be sol I for benefit of loan asso- t
ciations; call at i.:tk-e for permit to inspect. :
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Haight and Octavia sts.. 1 block 1 ?
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur- 1
chase can remain at ( per cent.
$7500— ICth, bet. Sanchoz and Noe; 50x103:6.
' Corner, only $2250; California and Locust sts.; 1
37:6x107:7. , «__, .
$4000—Golden Gate aye.. near Broderick St.; |
33:4x137:6. _ . . ,
Residence: corner lot; NE cor. of Bush and ■ -
Lyon sts.: 25x100: price 33000; make offer.
Near corner «ven worth and Sacramento; ' .
37:6x78:11: elegant location for flats: $2500. ! :
$3000_corner Lombard and Octavia: 46:Cxl00i ;
32750 Clay it., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
J2OOO 25th St.. west of Diamond: J>oxll4.
$1900— Union St.. neur Webster: 25x100.
$17.'«— Golden Gate aye.. nr. Central; 2axlOo.
$12.'J>- Sixteenth st., near Castro: 25x100.
$Uioo— Fourth aye.. near Point Lobos; 25x120.
$900— California St., near Twelfth aye.; 25x100. .
MAI 'IS' & BURKE, 626 Market st. ,
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine ist., opp. 1 !
the Nevada Bank building. j
jKf.O— An elegant 3-story modern built flat ' •
house of 7 and v room flats, opposite the Park '
Panhandle: lot 25x100; rent low, $65; a bargain. '
$10. wO — Ninth st . near Mission; 2-story and '
basement; lot Sx7s. M
Only - left of 2-story and basement double '
flats of i and 6 rooau each; near Sixth and '
Bryant sts.: renting at $25: for sale at $2490
each; the biggest bargain out.
$15,300 — Fine McAllister-st. property; rent .
$130: 2 stores below; I flats upstairs and large
lot: best business portion of the street.
$40C0 — Howard Ft., near Second; lot 25x55; old
improvements; rent $37.
$15.000 — Downtown business propel rent
$170; 2 stores below and lodgings upstairs.
For Bale At a reduction to $2250 from $3300,
splendid corner, 24th and Noe sts. ; 105 feet on
24th st. by 27 feet on Noe; 24th »t. bltumlnlzed.
$;.r/«) — Rent $55;- flne double flat of 6 and 7
rooms, near Steiner and Pine sts.: first-rate in-
vestment.
At a reduction to $3950 from $C3OO, rent $60.
4 flats of 4 and 6 rooms: lot 2^xl2.' feet to rear
street: on Geary Et., near Devisadero.
At a reduction to $6150; rent $47; a business
property; One 3-story house on Geary St.,
one block from Fillmore: store and rooms be-
low and two separate flats upstairs; paying 1
over '.' per cent.
$25,500 will buy an elegant business corner, ;
paying good rent, and is sure to Improve to |
$50,000.
Reduced to JSSOO from $12,500— Howard St..
n»>ar 6th; 2 2-story and basement houses of 8
rooms, and bath each; lot 37:6x57:6: rent $CO.
$5000— Fronting on the Panhandle Park;
lovely house of 6 rooms and bath: let 25x100.
Only a few days more and the chance to buy
that fine property of 138 feet on Guerrero st. by
225 feet back to 2d aye. and 200 feet on 21 aye.,
between 15th and loth sts., with the 12 ele-
gant flats and factory will be withdrawn.
Reduced to $40C0 from $6000; 2-story and base-
ment brick house on a principal street 4 blocks
from Market st.; 23xS0: rent $35.
$1100— Cottage on the Potrero and lot 25x100;
on Installments very cheap.
At $1000— Lot 24x100 feet, on 17th street, a few
doors west from Folsom street, with a stable.
UNIMPROVED.
$1600— Pine st. near Lyon: lot 30:5x87:6;
reHdy for building; good surrounding.
$550— Noe st., near Thirtieth. mil.
«100— Fine corner lot on Fillmore.
SSOO— St., near Thirtieth: lot 36:6x75.
AL. HORIGER. LOUIS A. SOUC.
L. A. BOUG & CO..
Real Estate and Insurance Brokers.
Houses Rented. Rents Collected.
465 and 467 Valencia St., near Sixteenth.
As we make a specialty of Mission property
and "are right on the spot we can save you
time and money by calling on us at once.
$5250—25x105; Guerrero et. : a bargain; mod-
ern bay-window house of 8 rooms and large
basement; street work all done.
$5000— 30xR0; Albion aye., near Sixteenth and
Valencia sts. ; modern flats of 4. 5 and I rooms,
bath; rent for $52 50; all in perfect order.
$6000— Valencia St.. near Nineteenth:
house of 8 rooms, bath; could at small cost be
converted into Al business property.
$3750—25x114; Twenty-fourth st., near Church;
house of 7 rooms, buth; flne location.
$2650—23x75; San Carlos aye.; a snap: house
of 7 rooms and bath; in the warm belt.
$23T.i0— 23x100: Sanchez st.. near Market; house
5 rooms, bath; good order; lot worth the money.
Mxll7; Bartlett st. to alley, house 8
rooms, bath, basement, stable; all in good or-
der.
$1500—25x114; Twenty-eighth St.; cottage of 4
rooms; large basement.
$1850—30x114; Twenty-seventh St.; bay-win-
dow cottage of 4 rooms, bath, stable and drive-
way: house cost $1800 to build.
$2000—25x114; Twenty-seventh St.: modern
bay-window cottage of 5 rooms, bath; must be
sold; mortgage of $1400 can remain.
Vacant Lots.
$1000—25x114; Twentieth st., near Church.
$900—25x114; Eighteenth St., near Sanchez.
$1000—25x114; Jersey st., near Church.
$1000— 114; Twenty-third St.. near Noe.
$650—25x100; Sanchez st., near Nineteenth.
$1100—28x114; Clipper st., near Church.
L. A. SOUC & CO..
465-467 Valencia St., near Sixteenth.
SOL. GETZ & BROTHER.
Roor "A," First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$100, $150 to $250— Level lots to buill on. near
Mission st. electric cars; only $.". monthly.
■ SOL GETZ &. BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS.
$350, $400, $450 to $850— Graded lots and
Streets; splendid view of park; $25 down and
I $10 monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$400. $450 to $Soo— Choicest building lots In
Richmond: perfect bargains: buy now; easy
Installments. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$1400— Corner 25x120: splendid 4-room cottage
and basement; on Fifteenth aye.. near Clement
st. ; easy terms.
! Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL OETZ & BROTHER.
CROCKER BUILDING.
! C. C. BEMIS,
REAL ESTATE AND LAND- AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
I seventh sts. ; close to electric road.
$3000— Good corner for store; must be sold:
j lot -.2:4x60 feet.
$6700— r.0x127:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
' Ing the Presidio and bay.
80-vara on Page st. ; panhandle of park.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— Southwest . cor. Fifth aye. and C
St.; 109x95 feet.
j FOR SALE— On Lyons st., bet. McAllister and
Golden Gate aye.: new 7-room cottages, beau-
tifully frescoed, with bath and laundry.
STOP paying rent. Begin the new year right.
Remember the difference between paying
rent and owning your own home is worthy of
: a great struggle.
Two cottages of 7 rooms, bath, large pantr*.
plenty of closet room, sink tiled, flne high
basement, all floored, brick foundation, cement
, side and garden walks, stylish front, all mod-
1 crn Improvements un to date: must be seen to
: be appreciated: $3000; terms to suit purchaser.
Apply on premises, corner Cortland aye and
Mission St., to J. M. COMERFORD. from 1 to
3:30 p. m. take Mlssion-st. cars to Cortland ay.
$550 WILL build 4-room cottage complete:
will call GEO. M. SALSRT'RT. builder. 621
X Ft . Sunset District.
I' OI'RRTV TO. •\' A>.r; .
CORNER. 100xi:>7-6. 4 buildings. In San ■
Jose, for city. Oakland or ranch prop-
erty $5.M0
100 other places, all prices. What have you
to offer? H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
AN unlmcumbered Marin County suburban
home to exchange for city or Oakland prop-
erty or equity. Owner. 915 Call building.
GOOD-RENTING Oakland property to ex-
change for ranches. EPSON & TURTON.
1209 Broadway. Oakland.
1
SEAVIXO MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
- machine supplies. 145 Sixth st. ; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds ■ bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 30, 1898.
.- CITY RF.AL, ESTATE. <
BALDWIN & HOWELL. " " <
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
$9000— A bargain: Post St.. bet. Van Ness and
Polk: 2-Ftory residence of 10 rooms and bath; :
lot 27Hx120.
$5000— Rent $50: Minnesota st.. near Twenty-
second: new 3-etory building containing ruts
it a rooms and bath each; this pr.v -t!v i*
Uwaya rented, as it is near the Union Iron
Works.
$ff.oO— Stores and flats on Natoma st.. near
Sixth: Rented for $S5 per month; lot 42x73;
splendid Investment.
$16,500— Geary Ft., near. Octavia; rent $120; i
:ot 45x120: improvements consist of 4 expensive- '
ly built flats of 7 and 8 rooms, bath, etc., each;
very handsome. .
$2600— Great bargain; Clement St., near Fourth
ive. ; modern cottatr.e.*of 5 rooms and bath: on t
funny Bide of street: lot 25x100; terms to suit.
Cheapest flats in the Western Addi-
tion; rents $45; lot 85xS0; street work done;
flats contain 5 and 6 rooms and bath each:
Park panhandle district. <
$14,0tiO— l^iguna St., near Golden Gate aye. ;
t-story bay-window house, containing 3 flats
of 7, 7 and 8 rooms and bath; lot 30x89; rents 1
$10-3.
$3000— Rent $85; Natoma st., nr. Sixth; lot
: \T'.. with 3-story building, containing store ;
and 4 flats above of 4 rooms each; lmDrove- : :
merits are in splendid condition.
$?200— Fillmore St., near Halght: 4 flats of 4
and I rooms and bath each: rent $70: lot 4SxS3. j
$9000— Franklin St.. near Hayes; lot 33x107:5:
5 flats of .'. rooms and bath each; stable In rear
for 13 horses: rents $70; mortgage of $5000 can ,
remain; offer wanted. '
$6730— Rent $77* per year: business property:
always rented; choice Investment on Folsom
St.. bet. Third and Fourth sts.: lot has two
frontages; pays a splendid rate of Interest and
bound to increase in value.
$4000— Rent $4?0 per annum: lot 33:9x50: 2-
story building, store and flats above: land alone
worth the price asked: Bryant, near Fourth.
$4230— Rented low at $4S: 3 flats and 2-story
house in rear; 4-4-4 and 3 roopis: Paclflc-st. !
corner, near Taylor: steadily rented.
$'•000— Best bargain ever offered: Van Ness
aye.. bet. Pacific aye. and Broadway: lot 45:10
xIS7:6. BALDWIN * HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
$700 CASH, balance In monthly Installments,
will buy the most attractive home built this
year: Twenty-fifth st.. near Church; lot 23.il
X 114; nicely arranged 2-story residence of ■
rooms, bath, etc.; best plumbing: handsomely
decorated walls: no expense has been spared:
the house must be seen to be appreciated.
BALDWIN A HOWELL. 11 Montgomery St.
COUJk'TRV >tEAI, ESTATE.
2ToOO~ACREsT? ~~~«~»~
26.000 ACRES ! !
A MAGNIFICENT CATTLE RANGE.
A MAGNIFICENT CATTLE RANGE. I
Flanking Capay Valley, the well known
early fruit center In Yolo County. We offer
for pale five separate ndjolnnlg cattle or sheep !
ranches, aggregating 26.ER0 acres of land. To j
be sold as ■ whole or singly, at from $2 23 to
$4 per acre. These ranches possess all the ;
necessary requisites for a grand cattl* or sheep
range, having well watered, open and timbered
lands: growing, in abundance the natural 1
grasses. Not having been pastured for ft year !
or two., they are In fine condition. They were
taken in for the mortgage by the Rank of
Woodland, and are offered at less than the
foreclosure price.
This bank also controls some of the best
FRUIT and GRAIN LANDS in Capay Valley
and in other desirable locations In the State,
which we are offering at very low prices.
FROM $2 TO $40 PER ACRE.
Call or send and get a catalogue of these
lands, with price list.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
IN SUBDIVISIONS ~.
IN SUBDIVISIONS ! !
AT ASSESSED VALVE ' !
AT ASSESSED VALUE ! !
A grand opportunity — We offer for sale sOno
acres of the estate of Sarah Blake (deceased!
In subdivisions, at exactly the County Asses-
sor's valuation. There Is no better land in the
State for GRAIN. FRUIT, VEGETABLES and
ALFALFA. It lies on the Merced River, on
the line of the proposed Mercod and Yosemite
Valley Railroad, and has unsurpassed possi-
bilities for supplying the great mountain and
Yosemite Valley trade with fruit, vegetables
and dairy products. Just think of It.
tn plats of 35 acres and upward.
At prices of from $?. to $20 per acre.
Write now for particulars to
MCAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery St.. San FranclscV), Cal.
GEO. A. RAYMOND, Real Estate. 210 San-
Fome st.
The following properties are all first-class.
Moi-t are very* decided bargains. Send for 1
particulars.
$20,000 — Placer Co.: 154 acres fine land; *2 acres
bearing orchard; buildings and Improve- ,
ments very line; property Is very produc- I
tive: is offered at less than half its cost:
<-asy terms.
$5300— Placer, Co.: 27 acres: beautifully situ-
ated: 20 acres full-bearing fruit; flne Im-
provements: a charming home and pay-
ing property: teams, wagons, tools, etc.
$5500— at acres: Placer Co.; 12 acre* full-bearing
fruit: good Improvements; teams, wagon,
to;>!s, etc.
126C0— 32 acres: Placer Co.: 8 acres bearing
fruit; good Improvements: 2 horses.
36000— Sonoma Co.. near Santa Rosa: 12 1-S
acres, all In bearing: fruit: nice house; 6
rooms and bath: good barn and other Im- .
provements; a paying property; very easy |
terms.
$10,000 — acres full-bearing orchard at Mer-
ced; a splendid property; owner resides in
the East and Is anxious to sell, as he can-
not give It proper attention: an offer Is In
order: will sell whole or half on easy terms,
or will exchange for property In lowa. 1111-
nois, 'Indiana or Ohio; this la a flne chance
for an Eastern farmer who desires to sell
oat and settle in California.
$32,000 — Sonoma Co.: 39 miles from San Fran- i
Cisco; on two R. R. lines: 181 acres rich
land: over 100 acres in full-bearing trees
and vines; very productive; net fruit sales
la IS?7 over $0100; in good years would dou- !
ble that: flne buildings; everything com- i
plete to operate the ranch; very easy terms;
would accept Improved city property in
part payment.
Buy grain land where It Is cheap and crops
are sure, rain or no rain. Level land In
the San Joaquln Valley; easy haul to the
new railroad; surest, cheapest and most In-
dependent system of irrigation in the State,
only $10 to $13 per acre; easy terms.
$6000— Modern house; 7 rooms; corner lot, 2Sx
100: Stanyan st.: everything flrst-class; a
flne bargain.
$4500— Corner, 44:4x100; Shrader st.
$3700— Corner. 25x116:3; Baker and Washington.
$2600—3 lots: 2:jt127? each; Washington St., i
near Baker.
$1500— Corner; 27:6x110; Turk st. and Central ;
aye.; a speculation.
GEO. A. RAYMOND. Real Estate.
210 Sansome st.
GEO. A. RAYMOND. ~ ~~~
Real Estate.
?_ .' : i 21° San«ome st. i
I have fine properties In most of the coun- '
ties of Central California, Alameda. Contra
Costa, Marln. Napa. Sonoma, San Mateo
Santa Clara. Merced. Fresno. Tulare Kern' I
Placer and others. Let me know what you
want, whether orchard, vineyard, grain ;
stock or dairy. Some very flne places for ex- i
change. I
GEO. A. RAYMOND.
Real Estate.
210 Sanaome st.
SWEENY RANCH. ! "
NEAR REDWOOD CITY. SAN MATEO
COUNTY.
We will subdivide the celebrated ranch of
the late Miles D. Sweeny In tracts of 100 acres
or less: rich soil for fruit, grain and vege-
tables: plenty of water: this property imme-
diately adjoins Redwood City and is only one
hour's ride from San Francisco: suitable for
email home farms; prices below all former
quotations an.l unon unusually easy terms. !
For particulars call or address
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.;
cii Market st.. San Francisco.
Or our branch office at Redwood City.
MOUNTAIN VIEW LANDS !
FOR SUBURBAN HOMICS
Especially adapted to raising d»cld-ir,u9
fruits nnd regetables: we hay. 1 a few choice :
subdivisions of 10 to 20 acres each In the New-
hall & Wise tract, which we oflVr at extremely 1
low prices and on very easy terms: small cash
payment: balance monthly: one and a half
miles from Mountain View station. Apply for
full particulars to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE ft CO..
CIS Marker st.. San Franclscc.
Or WOOSTER & WHITTON.
7 West Santa Clara St., San Jose.
HOTEL for sale. In a thriving town, within
one hour's Journey of the city: containing 50
rooms, bath, etc.: modern brick building on
low lease; new furniture for sale: low price; !
easy terms: good paying trade: bar about $20 I
per day. Apply to EASTON, ELDRIDGE &
CO.. Ol Market st.
A GREAT- BARGAIN— Two large lots In the
beautiful and plearant. town r.f Cloverdale.
Sonoma County: good building, with 2
blacksmith forges. waronmaker's shop, tools
and stock: worth $1000; warehouse dwelling,
old stand doing a business of $*.000 per an-
num; going to Klondike: must sell: price
$2500: half cash, balance mortgage. SHORES
& SNOW. J3O Pine st.
$730—70 ACRES. Santa Clara County: flne place
for home: running water: cabin, etc.
22T.0— One-half cash: 46 acres St: Helena;
In acre* orchard, -vineyard. 13 acres grain
and timber; house, furniture Included. I C
SCIIARFF. 20 Montgomery st. "
$-. DOWN, Vi monthly, no Interest, no taxes. I
for flne 10-Bcre tracts near Auburn. Placer I
Co.: over 750 acres sold. JACOB HEYMAN. I
II Montgomery st.
BUY a home in Pajaro Valley, the home of
the sugar beet, apple and berry. $5500; 60
acres of rich land, with 20 acres hearing or-
chard: living stream of water; good house
and barn and packing house; all fenced:
school, postofflce and store all near by; prop- i
erty Is being sacrificed on account of par- j
ties going to Klondike. Pend for catalogue
of lands. R. P. QUINN, Real Estato, Wat-
eonville. Cal. *_____
MONEY to loan on country real estate. In bay '
counties. BOODY * SLAVES*. Real Estate :
Dealers, room 29, second floor Mills building. ]
COUNTRY REAL. ESTATE— Continued
a. H. UMBSEN & C 0...
DAVID BUSH. Manager Country Dept..
14 Montgomery st.
$2000— 21 acres near Col fax. Placer County. !
all out In bearing orchard anil vineyard: (rood !
house, barn and Improvement*, completely I
equipped with stock and tool*.
$3000—10 a.-res near Mountain View. 6 acres ;
in prunes and 4 In peaches. I years old: no i
building: a choice bit of ground: easy terms.
J6COO— 3?O acres near Orland. Glenn County:
200 -<- pood farming land and In grain: i
balance good grazing, With plenty of water:
pood building, and with the stock and tools; i
easy terms.
$3500— 17 acres 24 miles from Hay wards: S
acres In orchard, with nice cottage and good i
Improvements; beautiful place; would ex-
change.
$40C0— 37 acre* bearing win* vineyard at I.'v-
ermore. with Improvement*; would exchange
Call or send for our new circular.
$sro— lo4 .-.. RES c •■ ■'" fruit or train land near
S. I' R. n. F. WARD. UOI Van Ness ay*>.
SUMMER boarding-house and ranch. Sierra
Nevada Mountains. A. J. INGALLS, Chi-
cago Park. Nevada County, Cal.
$3500— Ranch. S3 acres: Improved: house of 4
rooms: new barn: Implements: 50 acres fruit
and grain, balance rood rolling pasture: 3
miles from Santa •''rur.. on county road: $2000
cash: balance easy terms: exchange for San
Francisco property._ Inquire 73 Rau«ch st.
$4500— BEST bargain ever ottered In Napa
County: fit', acres, part In vines and fruit:
2 houses, ban, etc.. complete: on main coun-
ty road: paid this year over *ion<l rash. Call :
nnd Investigate. ALDEN-GARFIELD CO..
MS Broadway. Oakland.
200fl ACRES of coal land In one body for sale.
Frr particulars apply to MUNHO, Run j
House. 141 Montgomery st.. S. F.. Cal.
ANT rnn wanting «■ small ranch, for rrar.ln*
purposes, or a moderate sized orchard, part-
ly Improved, rnviiNe on very eBsy terms,
apply to room 70S. Clans Sprerkels building.
LITTLE homes close to town: Improved: easy
terms: also 4 to It acre pieces on 8 and 10 '
yearn- rrr.Ht. D. Tt. TWINO. Sonoma City: :
cv. r* Monday at Bi Market St., B. F.
pnoif <»r<l ll«t of che»p land free. M. M.
CniFFIN'. rv.ttonwnod. Fhwstw County. O». ;
■omnr to loa\.
ANT amount at 6*4 per cent on real estate: Id I
A- 3d mortgages, estates, undivided Interests, j
real estate In prohnte. life insurance, goods In
warehouse, furniture and pianos without re- ;
moval: rn^rtr^B'" 1 and Wastes bought; no de-
lay. H. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Al«me<la. at lowest rates, without I
removal : no <-f ir.mipslonf : no delays. J.
NOONAN. I*M to 1023 Mission, above Sixth";
tel South 14. ■
HTGHIfV respectable and private nlace to ob-
tain llbemi ndvnnres on diamonds and Jew-
elry at th« lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
ftore. MM Market st.: tel. Green 204.
XVT. loan on r--r»l estate at 6 and fiVi. per cent: j
nlso on second mortgages: life Insurance and
r»fil <>«tate in probate: any sum. Manhattan j
Loan Co.. r 10 round floor*. Mills building.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: no
commission: lowest Interest; pnrt navments
received: money n"'ck and confidential. 1170
Market st . room W. |
$I.<W» c-rn TO loan on diamonds: low Interest: j
perfect p»crerv: T«-ivnte entrance: gentle- j
manly assistants. Uncle Harris. IS Grant ay.
GO to * regular licensed pawnbroker at 1 J
Fourth st. vn«t»lrs: str'ctir private: low
rates: tel TCrd 1121: established ISR3.
ON furniture, plnpop: cltv or Oakland: no re- I
movnl: low rate"' t»« commission: $15 up:
private party nOXELLI. 402 Geary st.
A\'T sum. 1-' or M r^^»-trTiros. estates In pro- |
bat-, etc. Room 7. '" ? California st.
$.'.O TO J.-OlWt: lowest rntes; l«t p"d 2d mortg.: I
any proposition. r*r%-den. 411 Montgomery.
CITY nnd country: nny sum: Ist and ?d mort-
gages, estates, t». MT'nPHT. 62* MVt St.
On nlnnos. fnrnlt'ire: no reTnovnl: lowest !
rates: no com.: private. IT? McAllister st.
10 KIXTH *' " '-«»'le place to borrow
money: diamonds nnd leweiry.
-— mvr'; c— — Urnnch "'flee of The Call. '
PnV,«orlnttona ori twVen.
FINANCIAL.
J. BOAS. 330 Montgcrnery «t.— Loans on life
Insurance policies and buys bank books.
LOANS on real- estate, bonds, etc.: lowest I
r«t«-«. MeAF^T nrtOS.. ins Montgomery st. !
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY. !
OAKLAND URAL ESTATE.
"WILLIAM J. DIXGEE!
SOl Broadway, cor Eighth St., Oakland.
$6000 — Business property on Thirteenth st..
less than 2 blocks from Broadway; lot aver-
ages 60x100 feet in (ize; an opportunity worth i
> investigating.
WILLIAM J. DINOEE.
901 Broadway, cor. Eighth st., Oakland.
$7500— Business lot on Pan Pablo aye., near j
Eighteenth it.; $12,000 was refused for it three }
years ago; owner going to Alaska. "Write to
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
901 Broadway, cor. Eighth St., Oakland.
$f>oo0 — A flne modern house on Eighth st.,
Oakland: rented for $30 per month; to exchange
: for bulldinr lot In San Francisco in good
neighborhood; all df-a'-. r
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
901 Broadway, cor. Eighth st., Oakland.
$2000 to $10.000— Small farms, chicken ranches
and fruit orchards in the vicinity of Oakland, I
Haywards. Pleasantnn, Niks. Sunol and Mis-
sion San Jose; the richest and most productive i
land in the State. Call at the. office for par-
ticulars. .
WILLTAM J. DINCJEE.
901 Broadway, cor. Eighth St., Oakland.
$12,750 and $15.000— Two elegant houses on |
Jackson and Madison »ts., LakeFlde district-
great bargains. Write for particulars and per- i
mit to see premises
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
901 Broadway, cor. Eighth st., Oakland.
$26C0 — A BARGAIN: 2-story residence. 8'
rooms and bath; brick foundation; ilrst-class
order; rents $22 50; lot BxlM; note location; i
3 blocks of Tenth and Washington sts.
i $650— Harraln; neat cottage, 4 rooms; corner: !
' S3xluo; basement; chicken-house* : fenced; lo- '
cation for store: In Aiameda; 1 block of elec- i
] trie cars; 3 blocks from local trains.
j A LIST OF SPECIAL BARGAINS.
MM rooms; monthly payments; station.
$1200 {. r. : 35x140; station; easy terms.
$1750— Central ; 5 r.; 30x90; stable; foreclosure.
,s:Cso— Central; 5 r. ; 30x100; mortgage $2000.
$2750— Central; 8 r. ; 25x100; rents $22 50 month.
$3250— Central new; 9 r. ; 31x100; mort. $2400
Berkeley; new; 9 r.; furnace; choice
terms. $
$10 foot— loo feet: on car line: foreclosure.
$650— 20x104; Campbell and Fourteenth.
$75C— Lot 40x120; 34th st., near Grove
$?£o— Lot 25x100; mortgage $500; Sixth st
$1073— I>ot 40x140; J2d. bet. Grove and Tel.
$1550— I»t 40x100: 21at an.l Telegraph nve.
M7B— ear. Grove: '"xii»;; cost $2500.
$2600— 1-ot 60x123; Linden and 10th. , V
$2109— Special lot: name block Central Bank
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., 460-452
Eighth Ft, Oakland.
$450 WILL build a 3- room cottage, with lot 50 I
025, In the Alvln tract, fronting F.lmhurnt '
station; $2 . down, $T, monthly. JACOB HEY-
MAN, 11 Montgomery st.
j $3000— LIVERMORE: ICO acres nearly all level !
land, all cultivated. C. K. KINO, 902 Broad- '
way. Oakland. "
11H ACRES on San Leandro road, this side of I
ElrnhurFt. for sale; sacrifice. C. K. KING
902 Broad Oakland.
131 ACRES. Contra Costa County, only $3000:
1." miles from Oakland. C. K. KING 903
Broadway, Oakland.
SAN JOSE; 89-acre ranch. 8 miles from city;
trade for Oakland house, clear. C. K. KING
902 Broadway, Oakland.
| SEE these bargains at once, they are new
and modern:
8 rooms and bath. $3200. $100 cash, balance
monthly; 6 rooms and bath. $2300, $150 cash,
balance monthly.
In Berkeley we have 6 rooms and bath,
fin* view, $2750. $150 cash, balance monthly:
7 rooms and bath. $3000. $200 rush, balance
monthly: 8 rooms and bath. $3250: *2.",P cash.
balance monthly. C. P. KERN, 1010 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal.
FINE, large corner on car line, near Lake j
Merritt. Oakland: new house: high ground:
lot can be advantageously subdivided: small
cash payment. Address box J. 23. Call office.
WHY not look into this If you desire a rare
homeslte? l^irpre lots for $200 upward; $10 !
cash and any *"m you can afford to pay
monthly: build your own home or n« -will
build It for you: Gallndo Tract. East Onk-
lnnd; the noil and climate Is superb: all lev«l
with grand view; city water and sewer: fine
public school and electric cars; streets all •
{Traded and macadamized; nice homes sur-
roundtnjr and building up rapidly; call or
send for circular. 4"9 Ninth St.. bet. Broad-
way and Washington st.. Oakland; carriage
free. H. 7. JONES. Owner.
ATTORNEYS AT LAV.
AP^^CE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. O. " W.
i HOWE, any at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
' ADVICE free: no charge unless successful
W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS. •
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATK. j
JUST like paying rent.
Jl7".O— Colonial cottaxe. 4 rooms and bath. :
$1W — Handsome cottage near station.
$3250 — House of 6 rooms; all modern convent- -
fP. M • 1
$2350— Colonial cottage, 6 rooms: fine grounds.
MARCUSB ft I'.EMMEL. Bay st. station
(broad gauge). Alai eda; 62S Market St.. San •
Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
" FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED. :
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700. itteo, $2100, $2500. $3000.
The above are lovely cottage*, which have '.
been thrown on the market for non-payment '
of Installments, and they are .now offered at a
(Treat sacrifice to clove accounts. They contain :
4, " 6 and 7 rooms an.i are finished Up to date: |
almost new, and located near schools and sta-
tions.
We are going to weed them out. and Invite
Inspection. MARCt7»E * RfIMMEL,
Bay st. station, Alamedn. and G2S Market St.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
JUST like paying rent.
*i2<*— Colonial cottage. 4 rooms and bath.
jjroO Handsome cottage near station.
$3250— House of 6 rooms; all modern conveni-
ences.
$:i.*.n — Colonial cottace. « rooms: fine grounds.
MARCUSE & REMMEL. Pay st. station
fbroad gauge). Alnmeda: 82? Market st., San
Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
iW — Colonial cnttace. fi r-nms: fln» grounds.
kRCT'SE & REMMKT* n.iy Ft. station
id raugeV Alnmeda: (I2S Market st.. San
iclnco. Open Sundays and holidays.
FBI IT\ REAL ESTATE.
ABSOLUTELY a great bargain— acres of
sandy loam; house of 4 rooms; large barn:
2 hogpens: chicken-houses :' good well: plenty
wood on the place; all fenced: only 2 blocks
from electric cars. H. A. PLEITNER. Frult-
vale Station. Cal.
NorsEs TO LET.
CALIFORNIA, 2320, near Webster— 7 rooms,
bath, garden, etc., $35.
11 ROOMS. : bath*, laundry, yard. etc., $35.
DEMPSTER. 38 Glen Park aye., off 12th st
BROADWAY. 1512. near 2-story house,
6 rooms and bath.
MODERN' residence. Just completed: 12 rooms
and bath: Eddy St.. near Van Ness aye.
MADISON & BURKE.
FILBERT. 1225— House of 7 rooms; large gar-
den; rent $15.
A FINE chance: Jl5; 5 rooms, bath. 556 Her-
mann St., near Fill mere.
JULIAN aye., 117. nea;- Sixteenth and Mis-
sion— 7-room house; modern Improvements;
$17 '■■-
LAOUNA, 2510, near Union— of 6 rooms
and bath.
HOUSE of 6 sunny rooms. 323% Minna St.;
complete order. Apply at 323.
MISSION. 2722— Upper part of house; 3 or 4
sunny rooms.
WHY pay rent? Why not build You can do
so. I! you have mo'tcaped and wish to pay
It off easily you can" get best terms of Amer-
ican Investors' Co., 11 Montgomery st.
ALL OVER TOWN ;
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN *
HO WELL. 10 Montgomery.
WEBSTER. 1321. near O'Farrell— Sunny, con-
venient house, 6 rooms, bath; only $25.
FURNISHED house of 7 rooms and bath; large
yard; latest improvements; furniture new.
Including piano: near Pleasanton Hotel; only
responsible parties need apply. Address box
P latest improvements: furniture new, i
ng piano: near Pleasanton Hotel; only
s'.ble parties need apply. Address box
11 office.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, 3612. near San Jose aye.— Sunny cot-
tage, 5 rooms; bath, basement.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms and stable. 218 Colling-
wood St., bet. 19th and 20th.
FELL, 627— Nice sunny cottage of 4 rooms,
■with stable and yard; cheap.
HARRISON. 2831. near Twenty-third— 3 large
sunny rooms; large basement and yard.
NEW cottage, 5 rooms; hot and cold water;
stationary tubs; every convenience; rent $13.
3213 Folsom St.
PAGE. Sl6— Nice 6-room cottage; sunny side;
rent moderate.
PRECITA aye.. 101— Cottage of 3 rooms;
rent $7.
COTTAGES. 6 and 5 rooms, cheap: In good re-
pair. Apply 171 Collins st. near Masonic aye.
FLATS FURNISHED.
HOMES fitted out at half regular price at the
Mr sale of the Michigan furniture and car-
pets at PATTOSIEN'S. Sixteenth and Mis-
sion ts.
FLATS TO LET. .
CAPP. ESI. near Twenty-fourth— Modern upper
D-rocm flat. '
CLAYTON, v "4 south of Frederick— New mod-
ern flat, 4 rooms and bath: cheap.
SUNNY bay-window flat of 7 rooms and bath.
NE. cor. of Dolores and Fifteenth sts.
CORNER Folsom and Thirteenth— Lower flat
5 rooms and bath; rent $20. Apply MADISON
6 BURKE. 4
FOURTEENTH. IS4A, near Howard— Modern
sunny 4-rooms; bath, basement, yard: $16.
FULTON. US— Fine middle flat. 7 rooms, bath;
near City Hall: m |
GEARY, IMs— Beautiful flat. 8 rooms, bath,
with every convenience. $30.
GEARY. 225.". — rooms: porcelain bath: laun-
dry: modern: rent $20.
GOLDEN GATE. 933— New upper sunny mod-
ern flat; 6 rooms and bath.
SUNNY corner flat of five rooms: northeast
corner of Halght and Flllmore sts.
HARRISON St.. 729^, between Third and
Fourth— Flat with 5 rooms and bath. V._'
MCALLISTER. 1015, near Buchanan— s2o; 7-
room bay-window flat; pantry; good yard.
A— (o NICE flats and cottages, under $10.
A— 3oo nice flats, cottages and houses, $10 up.
20 new flats at SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market.
ALL OVER TOWN : n^^ r
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN A
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
MOSS. 30. near Seventh — Upper flat. 5 rooms;
bath; rent $16: key corner Howard.
ATOM A. 714— Flat of 4 rooms: large yard;
cellar: sun all day: $10.
NINETEENTH. 3925. bet. Sanchez and Noe —
Nice sunny fiat 5 rooms and bath: 25 Ford
St.. between Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
Sanchez and Noe. nice sunny flat 5 rooms
and bath: rent very low to good tenant.
POND. IS, Intersection Sixteenth and Market—
•Flat six sunny rooms and bath.
$22— 5-ROOM upper flat 315 O"FarreU St.. near
Mason. Apply 15 Grant aye.
SACRAMENTO. 3M7. corner Spruce— New. sun-
ny flat of five rooms; hath, yard and cellar.
SAN JOSE. Upper and lower flat; choice;
5 sunny rooms; bath: $12 and $14.
SUNNY corner modern new flat. 6 rooms and
bath. 204 Scott St.. cor. Halght.
SIX sunny rooms; yard: $15; sunny 4-room cot-
tage $11. 623 Second st., near Brannan.
SEVENTH. 430»4, near Harrison— Sunny bay-
window flat of S rooms; rent reduced.
THIRTEENTH, 615. off Market— slo; 4 nice
rooms. . . '_ __^
4 AND 6-room flats: some with gardens: »un-
nv: attractive view; on Twelfth st. and
- Gl-n Park aye. : *12. $13. $14. $18 and $23.50.
' DEMPSTER. 36 Glen Park aye, oft Twelfth
street.
TWENTIETH. 3442. corner Capp— of 4
rooms and bath: modern Improvements.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3727, near Dolores — Pleas-
ant flat: good condition: 5 rooms; bath; $15.
$13— WATER free: lovely sunny lower 4-room
flat: modern: large lot: garden. 4075 Twen-
third st, a few steps from Castro cars.
FLAT of 5 rooms, sunny, new, modern; tin*
marine view. 311 Walnut st: $20.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uitcle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BUSH, 2528—2 sunny front rooms, furnished for
light housekeeping: adults only.
CENTRAL AYE.. 419. between Hayes and
Fell, near Golden Gate — Three rooms
for housekeeping ;• every convenience.
DEVISADERO. Furnished housekeeping
rooms; one, two or three: very reasonable.
EDDY, 306— large front rooms for house-
keeping: private family. ■
ELEVENTH, Branch office of The Call;
subscriptions and want ads taken.
ELEVENTH. 120— Two nicely furnished front
rooms for housekeeping; bay window.
FIFTH. 325—3 clean housekeeping rooms $13;
one double $S: single $5.  ■- . . .
FILBERT, 718—2 or; 3 furnished housekeeping
rooms; sunny; front:, grate; bath; private.
FILLMORE. 111. near Halght— Unfurnished or
partly furnished alcove suite: grate, water;
very cheap; clean and convenient: no sign.
FOLSOM, E23— Large bay-window parlor;
splendidly furnished: suitable for 2 ■ gentle-
men, or with use of kitchen, rent $10.
FRANKLIN, Sl— Sunny hay-window house-
keeping rooms;, reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE are., 1050—3 well-furnished
sunny rooms for light housekeeping, with gas
cookstove and free use of telephone, or as
single rooms. * * • * ••* Ml
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued
GROVE. 202, cor. Van Ness aye. — Sunny unfur- c
nlshed S-room suites: with gas stove.
HOWARD. 504— Nicely furnished housekeeping g
room, with gas and bath: cheap.
HOWARD, 525—2 connecting minis furnished
complete for housekeeping; rent $S. | g
HOWARD. Parlor Door, four large moms;
unfurnished $25: complete for housekeeping c
$30: walking distance; sea this without delay.
JACKSON. Sunny front room, dining- j
room and small kitchen: furnished for house- : i
keeping: $10. . T •' .
LEAVEN WORIH, 204 — or 5 sunny rooms. :
t- unfurnished, cheap; call for 5 days.
LOCUST aye., 39—2 large unfurnished rooms, ) .
$■< per month.
MCALLISTER. 2000— .Cheap housekeeping! 1
rooms; also single furnished or unfurnished, j .
MINNA. Hl'-*— Front furnished bay-window
housekeeping suite: cheap.
MINNA. 469— Rooms for housekeeping. )
MISSION, Clean sunny suites; housekeep- :
ing; $10 ami Vl2. . '
MISSION. 1514—2 large sunny rooms; private >
Aiif. •-.•! If vi y; adults preteired. j
FURNISHED room with or without board;
private. 1513*; Mission st. j ]
"N'A Vi >M A. 577 — Suite of housekeeping rooms, j
rent $S per month. | j
NEW MONTGOMERY. 105— Cheap, clean fur- | .
nished housekeeping -and single rooms. i -
NOB, Sunny alcove room; suitable for 1 or
2 persons; $5 per month. "
POLK. — Furnished or partially furnished
housekeeping rooms: also others, near Ellis. j "
POLK, Unfurnished housekeeping, also |
furnished rooms.
POLK. 2702 — 5 sunny rooms, cheaply furnished;
rent $7. ■ r- ■'■■:■■ ; j
SCOTT, 113—2 large connecting rooms and al-
cove, party furnished; bath, water, etc. ' •
SIXTH, 119 A —Nicely furnished rooms; also
housekeeping. ■
STANLEY Place, 19- $lO. 6 nice sunny rooms,
including bath: also $7 50, 4 good rooms. •
STOCKTON, 1703—2 nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; yard: $10.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3728. near Dolores— Sunny ! '
bay-window rooms for housekeeping.
VAN NESS. S l7— Suite of sunny corner rooms j .
$16: furnished. ? 1
WASHINGTON, 503— Why pay car fare and use -
extra fuel ? Three sunny unfurnished rooms ;
$8; also 2 for $6; marble washstands; running
water.
WEBSTER, 711— Large sunny parlors, fur- j
nished or unfurnished: rent cheap.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
"~ ~~ rooms" to let"
BARTLETT, 102— Nice sunny furnished rooms; |
modern conveniences: with or without board. :
BROADWAY. 416— Furnished rooms to let.
BUSH, 708^4, near Powell— sunny front ,
room; rent reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. Large pleasant front par- •
lor; board optional.
DEVISADERO, 1705— Large sunny furnished
room, double bed, $8; one room, $5 month.
LEXINGTON, 212 Eddy— sunny front
suites; also single; for gentlemen.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St., ;
near Market; furnished and unfurnished. I '
FREMONT, 322 (Rlncon Hill)— front ;
room; also double room; furnished; gas;
bath; private family.
FIFTH, — Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms ■
to let.
FULTON. 3 (Fulton House)— furnished ■
rooms; single or en suite; $S and $15 up.
GEARY, 28— A nice suite of 3 sunny rooms \
for gentlemen: private family; central and
very reasonable.
GEARY, — Sunny furnished rooms for gents: ;
$8 and $7.
GEARY. 618— Elegant sunny housekpg rooms, |
complete; also double, single; reasonable.
GEARY, — Newly furnished sunny modern
rooms: pleasant neighborhood; terms reason-
able^ • '
GEARY. 631— Nicely furnished front and back
room in private family.
GOLDEN GATE. 219— Nicely furnished front '
room, $10 per month; also housekeeping and i
other rooms.
GOLDEN GATE, 322— Changes hands Febru- !
ary 1. • ■: ' • I
GOLDEN GATE. Sunny back parlor, nicely i
furnished: gas, bath and open- grate; $12 !
per month. .
GOLDEN GATE, Large bay window; sun ,
all day; also smaller room $8.
GROVE, Pleasant furnished room near City !
Hall, suitable for gentleman; reasonable.
HARRISON, 7844 — Sunny furnished rooms;
bath: all conveniences; quiet home; private '
family: $1 a week. . .
HOWARD. Tlii SIT DAVID'S— 200 rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading-room; 25c up.
HOWARD, 821— The Globe; single; suites; read-
ing-room; 25c per night.
HOWARD, 1059 Mr —Double and single rooms;
also housekeeping.
HYDE. Newly furnished suite; with or
without housekeeping; single rooms.
HYDE. 1415 — Nicely furnished single room for
gentleman; bath and gas; $5 i>sr month; cirs
pass the door.
JESSIE. 1413— Single furnished room, $4; pri-
vate; lady or gentleman.
JONES. 517— small nicely furnished room,
$5 per month; gentleman only.
JUNIPER. 44. off Folsom near Eleventh-
Large unfurnished room $2 GO month. r .; ~ .-
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant !
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class •
• In every respect: terms reasonable.
I LARKIN, 327— Newly furnished sunny front
rooms, near Pavilion, for Jubilee visitors.
LEAVENWORTH. 517— Sunny single furnished
room; suitable for gentleman. =tf?<
DELAWARE. 1151 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished sunny rooms, single or suites;
terms reasonable. '-;::-
JONES, 114—2 or 3 rooms; front; furnished:
sunny; cosy; yard. ' ;r:
JONES. — Elegantly furnished sunny front
rooms; bath and gas; board If desired; terms \
reasonable.
LARKIN. 1002— Neatly furnished back parlor, !
$7: small bedroom, $.4; bath and gas; private |
family. *
MARKET. Elegantly furnished suites and
single rooms for Jubilee visitors. .
MARKET. 1032— (New management); fine, clean |
rooms, $1 to $2 50 per week; transient, 25c up. j
MARKET. 1926— (The Hawthorne)— Furnished, j
unfurnished; single rms., suites; Jubilee vis. j
MARTHA Place, 8. south, off Geary, above
Mason — Large sunny room for 1 or 2; rent
reasonable. O -,
McALLISTER, 542 — Comfortable furnished j
room; gas and bath; $1 50 a week. '
MCALLISTER, Nicely furnished front j
room: cas and bath; $3 per month; call
mornings.
MINNA, Neat furnished single room; rent
j_y ■ ■
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished j
bay-window room, $1 a week. !
MINNA. 726%, between Eighth and Ninth—
nice rooms, front, big yard, $5.
MISSION. 544 A —Newly furnished single and
housekeeping rooms; rent cheap.
( HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission; select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week. ■ -:.- ,■ i
MISSION. 915U— New bay-window suite, with |
use of piano; $20 per month.
NINTH, nOV.. near Market— Front room, bay- ;
window and grate. $7 60: also others, $4 50 |
and $5; sunny; call to-day. j
PINE, 2114— Large sunny front bay-window
room: suitable for 2; rent $20.
POLK, 607— A fine, large parlor, sunny, and :
other rooms: also housekeeping: reasonable.
POLK. 609 — Large sunny furnished room for !
gentleman: all conveniences; $8. "
POST. 2406— Lady can , get . nicely furnished
room In private home: very reasonable; use
of kitchen or board if desired. !
POWELL. — Nice suite of rooms or single
rooms; rent cheap: also transient. .
POWELL. 203— (The Montello)— Sunny suites
and single rooms; reasonable; transient.
POWELL, 233— New house: newly furnished;
suits and single; also office rooms.
! CENTRAL House, 52 Second— window :
room,- with stove, $2 Zd week: single rooms, $1.
| GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suit* and
single: elevator: moderate rates: families.
SEVENTH, 12S!*— Nicely furnished. sunny
rooms from $6 up.
SEVENTH, 141— Furnished suites and single
rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL. prop.
j TWO funny unfurnished rooms, bedroom and
; kitchen en Shipley. Key at 20 Rltch: rent $6.
SIXTH, 136— Large nicely furnished bay-win-
| dow room; grate; closet; running water; sin-
i gle or suite.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
SOUTH PARK. 184—2 sunny rooms; unfur-
nished; rent $9; one for Ke'ntleman. '
3UMNER, 2V4, near Eighth, off Howard— Fur-
nished gunny front room: private family;
no other roomers: $■"> per month.
SUTTER. 715-719. and 609 Furnished arid
unfurnished: choice for offices: reasonable.
STOCKTON, 17. European— Elegant rooms:
suite or single; day, week or month: baths;
hot and cold water: transient: elevator.- j
THE STANFORD, 3204 Sutter— single
rooms for Jubilee visitors, 60c to $1 60 day.
TAYLOR. SOl— Front sunny suite, elegantly
furnished : cas and bath: pretty neighbor-
hood: 1 gentleman $15, 2 $1S; references re-
' quired.
TURK. 543— Nice sunny room near Pavilion:
crate, gas and bath; $2 SO per week.
TWELFTH. 239— Large sunny furnished room:
two gentlemen. v ""4' :'
TWENTIETH. 3990— T0 let— Furnished room*
in cottage ; no children; ref. for lady; call
mornings.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367. near Mission— Sunny
furnished bedroom; man and wife or gen-
tleman: $5.
600 BUSINESS cards printed $1: W visiting
cards. lie. HILL. 72«H Market st.
MONEY leaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; sub-
sciiption? and want ads taken.
BOARDING AM) ROOM?
BUSH, 1094, corner Leavenworth— Sunny front
rooms, double and single, 2 meals, $40 and $22.
EDDY. 220— Sunny front single and double
rooms: first-class board. $3 50.
EDDY. 616 Wanted young lady, room and
board In private family; terms reasonable.
FELL. 21— Sunny furnished rooms: board op-
tional: parlor for 2 with board, $35.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week: nice location.
HOTEL SALISBURY: beautiful grounds; ta-
ble unsurpassed. 299 Hyde. cor. Eddy.
SUTTER. Elegant sunny parlor suite;
hot and cold water; for physician, family,
etc.: board or not.
TURK. Sl2— Nice rooms and board In private
family: bath, grate, excellent table; cars pass
the door: terms $20 up.
VAN NESS aye., SOS— Newly furnished sunny
rooms; good board: terms moderate. ■■;■ ■■■■f.-r's--:
LADY will teach p'nno in return for lunch
dally. Box 525, Call office.
527 MONTOOMFRY. cor. Clay— until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tion* and want n.is taVen. _
™ —^— ' ' ■"— ™ — "^ ~ -*~^—^
CHILDREN BOARDED.
■WIDOW with comfortable home wishes 2 chil-
dren to board; room for parents. 61 Clara.
REFINED lady would like to take care of 1
or 2 children. 1515 Webster st. .fr;,:.; ; ;
ELDERLY lady wishes 2 children to board:
kind care: terms easy. 23S Seventh St., rear
house.
STORES TO LET.
FRONT-ST. store to let— 2oB Front St.. Just
north of California; 2 floors and cellar, with
elevator. Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO., Real
Estate Agents. 630 Market st.
GOOD location for drug store: rent $17 per
month. Southwest corner Ellis and .Scott.
SUNNY corner store and 4 living rooms: bath-
tubs; cheap: $25. Corner Bryant and 21st sts.
BLACKSMITH: lnrsre shop; 2 fires; fine .loca-
tion: $15. 1223 Fell St.
120—STORE to let: corner Oak and. Franklin:
suitable for any business. 15 Grant aye.
$26— FURNISHED large fireproof store; center
of business. St. Helena: Inntr lease. Address
lock box 13, St. Helena, Cal.
FACTORIES TO LET.
MISSION. 579. opposite Wells-Fargo's new
building — floor; power available for
straw works, paper box. shirt factories, etc.
STAPLES TO LET.
STABLE of 6 stalls, single or as a whole, to
responsible private party. 329 Eddy st. -■"';:
LOST.
LOST — A poM monogram watch charm, with
initials "A. J. 5.." Friday afternoon, on
Union st., near Baker. Finder send descrip-
tion to box 844, Call office; $5 reward.
LOST or stolen— setter bitch; 6 months
old. Return 410 Clay st.
NEAR Van Ness and McAllister— gold
' watch: gold fob: reward. 647 McAllister.
ON Turk St., between Franklin and Leaven-
worth, gray sautrrel tippet; return and re-
ceive reward. 735 Turk st.
CHILD'S ring; Sixth st. or Mission car: fas-
• tened ribbon. Return 421 Bush; reward.
FRIDAY, January 21, bracelet monograms:
valued as memento of dead sister; reward.
504 Thirteenth Ft.
$2 REWARD— A lady's gold pin. Return to
5144 Sixteenth St., near Valencia.
WILL the person who took by mistake silver-
handled parasol from California Theater last
Saturday afternoon kindly return same to
room 33." eighth floor, Mills building, and re-
ceive reward? ■ '
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of NICHOLAS PANDELIDES; No.
212. 34. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of HERBERT W. HARBOURNE. No.
207,526. The finder will please return to bank.
$5 REWARD— Shepherd dog; F. L. Hansen en-
KTaved on plate. Return 41 Belvedere st.
BRING old gold and silver to me and get cash
for it. UVCLT; HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities, no matter
what cause: Instant relief for travelers: a
• cure effected at once; safe and sure at any
time; private home In confinement; best care
and attention: ladles In trouble or suffering
from any complaint peculiar to their sex
should consult the reliable specialist of long
and successful practice before going else-
where; every case guaranteed: consultation
free; office hours. 10 to 5. DR. and MRS.
KOHL, 1118 Market st.
I A PROCESS that is perfectly harmless: never
falls In any case of monthly sickness, no
matter what cause; no electricity humbupr
or other dangerous methods; money in every
case refunded if a cure Is not effected;
travelers helped Immediately; years' experi-
ence: home In confinement with sanitarian
conveniences. Consult free the only reliable
physicians. DR. AND MRS. DAVTES. 14 Mc-
Allister st., next Hibernla bank; hours, 9
a. m. to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m. : ;-
j ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once: safe
and sure at any time: kind sympathy and
aid: Instant relief for travelers: tumors re-
moved by electricity: home in confinement;
best rpr»*"and privacy: for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where: regulating pills and capsules, $1.
' MRS. DR. WYETH, 918 Post St., near Larkln.
ALL of Dr Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
Rl-pol'.ite cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure; no- danger or after ef-
fects: taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
• mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER 8R05... 33
Grant aye.. S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere, write us.
A PROCESS that never falls to restore every
case of monthly sickness from whatever
cause in few hours when medicines and others
have fnil» I <T: no N instruments used: many
years' experience; every case guaranteed; ad-
vice free: terms .reasonable: first-class pri-
■ vate hr.me for confinement. MRS. DR.
DALEY. 1126 Market St.. over Owl Drugstore.
| f-T'RE cure, whin others fall: no medicine or
instruments: every woman her own physt-
clnn for an female troubles, no matter from
v.-hat cias*: restore In 1 day:: never falls: con-
sultation froe; can b» sent and used at home.
DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny. Orders by tele.
LADIES, Chfchpster's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Dlanond Brand) best: safe, reliable: take
no other; F*»r>d 4c. stamps, for particulars.
"Relief for Ladies," letter by return mall: at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
A 1-OON to w!v>s and mothers— Sesr*-iro: prle«
M 80. RICHARDS & CO., 406 ("lay st. send
?c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing . Co., SO X St., ■ Sacramento. Cal.
GOODWIN, diseases of women; ladles;
safe, quick cure guaranteed: nny ailment;
maternity home: best care: skill only: low
fees: Dr. Schuck's self-cure. $5. 401 Van Ness.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
it/tan •• tr>.V'es; no danger: safe, •■ur-: *2 9ti
express C. O. p.; don't delay until t-xi late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agenh>. Oakland. Gil.
! STERILITY cured by Mrs. Dr. Sat tier, gradu-
ate midwife, 1709 Powell st. tel. Red 2641.
I DR. HALL, 14 McAllister . St., near Joaes—
Diseases of women and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: infallible safe reme-
! dies: 3S years experience. 2.'.4'/i Fourth st.
HOME in -confinement: diseases :of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth st.. Alameda.
DBS. K. &■& ■ K. cure chronic, nervous, blood,
fk'n or private diseases. 8 Mason St., S. F.
CIS LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The C*lL
i Subscriptions and want ada taken.
1 -:■'-.
1314
EDUCATIONAL. j
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post. Book- I
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ- |
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branch- .
es: electrical, civil & mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, etc. : 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since l v ' 2: catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
Individual instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship. $50; low rates per week and month,
ENGINEERING school; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech., survey, assay. archlt. : day & eve.:
eat. !S<i4. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and 'rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572. v:. c Market st.
WANTED— PupiIs In English and bookkeep-
ing; satisfactory terms. Address room 73,
Oriel Hotel. .
ENGLISH; private lessons; exnerienced
teacher: hours. 3 to 6. MISS FULLER, 836
Turk st.
PIANO taught In i\ months: new. quick
method; $2 50 per month. Box SIR. Call office.
VOICE culture, piano Paris graduate: French.
Spanish: new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st
MRS. FRIEDBERO, voice culture; 50c a les-
son. 914 O'Farrell st.
FLUTE, mandolin. unfti>r lessons: club $1
monthly. PROF. GASTALDI. 710 Lombard.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, gram-
mar: day, night: $5 mo. 1504 Market, op. Sth.
INDIVIDUAL Instruction, shorthand and type-
writing: terms reasonable. 1015 A Post St.
SAX FRANCISCO Business College. 1236' Mar-
ket St.: 124 positions in '9«; 103 In '97.
LUDLUM School of Elocution and Dramatic
Art. S2S Putter st.
FI?K teachers' agencies In 10 cities: teachers
•wanted now. 420 Parrott building.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call Sent to any address in the United
Stat'.s or Canada one year for $1 60, postage
free.
, , ,
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ANY person having use for a piano need not
do without when good instruments can be i
purchased from us at cash prices upon !
monthly payments of $3. $4, J.". P~. $7, »«., $j. |
$10; handsome scarf and wood seat stool In- :
eluded ;no charge for cartage. Purcahse your '
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Steinway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN, CLAY A CO.. Steinway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house :
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
2fi. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Piano"!, organs j
and all other musical Instruments of all i
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low- !
est Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
CONOVER, slightly used, ta —
Pteinway. slightly used. $27.".
Chlckerlng. second v, arK $190.
Large stock, lowest prices, rent. Installments. !
The F. W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market st.
PIANOS at cut prices; Improve th» opportu- i
nttj 1 : agency famous Halnes Bros., 'Rush & ,
Gerts and Bollerman. WM. C. HAMILTON.
successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co.. 321 Post.
READY Monday— * F.sonn. *S0: Ma- !
thushek. «14": Weber. $147: Vose & Sons,
$175: fine condition: $" per month. BEXJ.
CURTAZ & SOX. 16 O'Farrell st.
BARGAINS to-day— A small English upright. ■
$30: Decker & Son. medium size. $175: Decker ■
A- Son. large sire, $230; new Decker ft Son.
all styles at bargains.
AT GART>NI R & GLASSELL'S. 20S Post St..
you will find a Inrge and varied stock of
pianos; prices and terms as reasonable a3
any house in the city. !
HER & Co.. Byron Mauzy, Newby. Evans.
P.rl??s and ether pianos: see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 108, 310, 312 Post.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at i
immense reduction for cash or on Install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 73." Market St.
BACRIFTCTO — Elegant uprisrht piano; must i
Bell. 230 Kearny St.. room 26. <
■ __- I
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis, j
BARGAIN— upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16 j
McAllister St.. near Hibernia Bank. j
HORNTTNO'fi new style pianos: most perfect. I
' brilliant, powerful tone. 215 Post st.
KINGS 1897 model* Is the piano you i
want. J. HARRY SCOTT. EIB Hayes St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. IT.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
. KNARE Pianos: new scale: new styles.
KOHLER ft CHASE. 30 O'Farr«n st.
CHEAPFST and best in America— The Weekly '
Oil. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free. :
BTCYCLES.
WANTED — Ladles' and gents' wheels; Colum- '
bias preferred; any condition. Repairer, 1713 !
Fulton st. !
DENTISTS^ ;
PULL set of teeth, $5: painless extractlcm?~see
our combination plate, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years; teeth without plates: crown
and bridge work our specialty; teeth im- I
planted or transplanted: fillings 50c. crowns j
$3 50: all work rainless and warranted, i
Chicago Dental Parlors. 21 Sixth st. ]
van VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry: no shock: painless extraction a >
positive fact: full set of • th. $:. up: silver |
flliiss-. 2rc up: gold crowns. $3 50 up: your
teeth put In without a plate; open evenings.
(97 Market St.. cor. Sixth: "Phone Jessie ,-;<,-.
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction. 50c: i
plates, $5: gold filling. 75c up; silver. 25c up; :
plates mended. $1 up: special Inducements !
to Klondikers; open evenings and Sundays, i
Tiff. Mission st . cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1441 Market, nr. 11th; no j
charge for extracting when plates are mad»: '.
old plates majie over like new: teeth from $S !
per ret: extracting 50c; pas given. I
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine L°ek dent- I
Ist. discoverer of painless extraction and ,
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
Without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell :
FULL set of teeth: best make: kept In -
repair; extracting free: fillings. 50r-: crowns i
$3 50 Pacific Dental Parlors, IS Third st.
' ALLEN GRIFFITHS, dentist, has resumed i
practice. 44 Donohoe bldg. Market & Taylor.
T. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg.. 6th floor, rms. -603-607.
TT C. HARDING. M. D.. 500 Sutter St.. cor.
Powell: tel. Main 5375; painless extraction.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market ft.
EFT of teeth without a plate. DR. H\ cT
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
COLTON Dental Association. 806 Market st
DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. j
STORAGE.
»AT low rates— Furniture, carpets^ pianosT
household goods; clean, light compartment*:
advances made. J. NOONAN. 1017 to 1021
Mission st.. above Sixth: open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household r oo<ln. pianos; ad- '
vance* made; fireproof building. F. W.
ZEKFUSS. 840 Mission rt. Tel. Mint IS2L
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONXELL, office and residence?
1206 Market: diseases of women a specialty.
LEGAL NOTICES.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from O. M. Henry, In the Murphy
diggings, near Volcano, Amador County, to i
deposit tailings in Rancheria Creek; from
George A. Gritton, in the Clapboard Gulch ,
mine, near Volcano, Amador County to de- i
posit tailings in Sutter Creek: from Frank J
Goyan, In the Cox mine. near Placervillo, El ;
Dorado County, to deposit tailings In a ra-
vine; from J. M. Longnecker. In the Hull
placer mine, near Genesee. Plumas County !
to deposit tailings in a ravine, and from E.
Becker and Robert Mooney. in the Home- ■
stake mine, near Amador City, Amador I
County, to deposit tailings in Rancherla
Creek, gives notice that a meeting will be ,
held at room . r 9. Flood building. San Fran- '
Cisco. Cal . on February 7 IS9S. at 1:20 p. m. i
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed In at either of th« publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name end residence
of persona authorized to have the same pub- |
lished.
BORN.
AITCHISON— In this city. January 22, ISSB, to '
the wife of W. .1. Altchison, a son.
CHATEAU— In Rocklin, January 25, 1838, to
the wife of J. M. Chateau, a son.
FIELD— In this city, January 29, 189S, to the
. wife of G. L. Field, a son.
FISKE— In this city, January 23, 1898, to the
wife of K. J. Fiske, a son.
HANKY— At Main Top. January 23. 1838, to |
the wife of T. F. Haney, a son.
LENT— Near Ringhampton, January 21, IS9B, to i
the wife of George Lent, a daughter.
McALPIN— In this city. December 27. 1597, to j
the wife of J. W. McAlpin of Creston, San
Luis Obispo County, I son.
McCARTY— In this city. January 23, 189S, to
the wife of Michael McCarty, a daughter.
MENDAL— this city, to the wife of Ralph i
Mendal, a daughter.
MONAGHAN— In this city, at the Potrero,
January 24, 1898, to the wife or John T. Mon-
aghan. a son.
MUNOZ— In this city, January 26, 1998. to the
wife of Frank Munoz, a daughter.
RHODES— January 27. 1838. to the wife of
Arthur P. Rhodes, a daughter.
\.i
SHEERIN— In this city. January 19. IS9B, to
the wife of John J. Sheerln. a son.
WHELAN— In this city. January 23. 1595. to
the wife of P. J. Whelan. a son.
marrled!
COWARD -SPEAR- In Martinez. January 26.
P-f*. by Justice of the Peace Orlando F. Me-
Craney. Herbert C. Coward and Ella M
Spear, both of Oakland.
DIXoN— ELDER— In Auburn. January 1«,
IS9S. by the Rev. John Chlsholm. George B.
Dlxon of Sacramento and Jennie V. Elder
of Auburn.
MACKINTOSH— TUNSTHAD— In this city.
January :m. ISM, i>> the Rev. W. H. More-
land, Donald AE. Mackintosh and Mary C.
Tunstead, both of Baa Francisco.
MEANER WILSON In th ; « city. January 19.
IMS. by the Rev I. N Heard. D.D., Lewis
i' Meaney and Caroline Wilson, both of San
Francisco.
THVRMAN KINO— In this city. January '.7.
IWB, John VTilliam Thurman and Manic 1. ••..••
Klnc. both of Han Francisio
SANCHEZ HARRIS— In Holllster. January
23, i^i'S. b\ the Rev. W J 1 Andrews. John
P Banches and Susie M. Harris.
SANTOS WILCOX— In Holllster. January 20.
18M, by th.- Rev Father Smythe, Joseph J.
S.-'iitos and S.-irnh Wile ox.
BNYDER REYNOLDS— Ia Nevada City,
Januar) .7. ISSti, .1 V. Bnyder and Minerva
Reynolds, both of Nevada Clt"-.
DIED.
Adams. Charles Kedlan. Patrick
Brewster. Levins M. Little, James
Blanchuri], Cora. M. Lee. .-.ntonlo
Cordts, Jacob McDonald. Luke
Cord, Cora M. MacLennan. Donald
<'ami>odoKico, S. • Miller, Caroline
Casebolt, William c. Pohlker, John H.
Callaghan. Michael Rice. James
Colbert. Michael Reed. Charles F.
Culverwell, Joseph Ranken. Francis I.
Crawhall, John Riley. Bridget
Dundon. Patrick J. Stephani. William O.
Donne, Lucy J. Sutherland. Mrs. Ann
Fitzgerald, William Schmitx, Lizzie
Gallagher. Thomas Tobln. Florence B.
Golden, Catherine Tietjen. Heinrich
Halpin, Annie yon Soosten, Claus
Hlggins, Elisha Wllley, Charles W.
Heim, Frederick Welhe (infant)
Harrington. Julia Wagner, Frank C.
Hyde, Harriet Wiliett. Mrs. Anna
Junes. Ann P. Zinns. Johanna
ADAMS —In this city. January 27. IS9B.
Charles, beloved husband of Elizabeth
Adams, and lather of Rel>ecka. Carrie, May
and John Quincy Adams, brother of John G.
Adams, and nephew of James Adams, a na-
tive of County Deny. Ireland, aged 53 yeats
and 7 months.
C ; ' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, IXt Pennsylvania avenue, thence to
B. B. Hall. 121 Eddy street, at 3 o'clock, un-
der the ausoices of Doric Lodge. No. 216, F.
and A. M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
BREWSTER— In this city. January ■ 189$,
Levina M. Krewster. beloved mother Of Mrs.
Addle Ramsey, Mrs. W. c. Cavltt and Mrs. P.
,F. Coons, a native of Ohio, aged 65 years 11
months and 16 days. (Auburn, Placer County,
and Sacrament >, Cal., papers please copy.)
BLANCHARD— Near Penryn. January 23. IS9S,
Cora Marietta Blanchard. a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 23 years I months and 22 days
CORDTS— this city. January 27. 189 S. Jacob
Cordts. a native of Germany, aged 41 years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the luneral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Riggers' and
Stevedores' Association's Hall. 80* Montgom-
ery street, near Jackson. Remains now at
parlors of Valer.te, Marini & Co.. 1524 Stock-
ton street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CORD -In this city. January 29. UN, Cora M..
beloved daughter of W. F. Cord, a native of
California, aged 35 years and 4 months.
CAMPODONICO— In this city. January 29. 1898.
Stefano, dearly beloved husband of Mrs.
Teresa Compodonlco. and father of Joseph
M.. Kate, Helen, Eda and Josephine Cam-
podonico, a native of Italy, aged 54 years 1
month and 3 days.
CASEBOLT— In this city, January 29. I<W.
William Correl. beloved son of William S.
and M. B. Casebolt, a native of Oklahoma
Territory, aged 6 years and 12 days.
CAi.LACtHAN — In Oakland, January 29, I™S.
Michael J.. beloved husband of Ella Cal-
laghan. son of Cecilia and the late James
Callaghan. and brother of John. James and
Thomas Callaghan, Mrs E. H. McGlaugh- i
I'm. Mrs. D. Barry, Mrs P. Travers and the
late Mrs. P. Mulligan, a native of County
Monaghan, Ireland, aged 27 years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the luneral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence o*
his mother, 722 Second street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. Ban Francisco.
COLBERT— this city. January 2S. ISM, Mich-
ael Colbert, a native of Quecnstown, Ireland,
aged 73 years and .'■ months.
tTXTIi" funeral will take place this day
(Sunday); at 9 o'clock, from his late resi- '
dence. 729 Gough !»treet. Interment private.
CULVERWELL— In this city. January 27. IS9B.
Joseph, beloved husband of Emma C. Cul-
verwell, and father of Joseph, S. E., George.
i Mortimer and Sidney Culverwell. a native of
Washington, aged 59 years 10 months and 7
days.
"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Alcazar
building, ' 'Fa it ell street, under the aus-
pices of Yerba Biiena Lodge No. 1788, K. of
H. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
CKAWHALL— In this city. January 2S. IS9S,
John, beloved husband of Margaret Craw-
hall. a native of Durham, England, agrd 01
years I months and 3 days. (English paper*
please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Laurel Hall.
Shiels building, 32 O'Farrell street. Funeral
under the auspices of. Yerba Buena Lodge !
No. 14. A. O. U. W. Interment Cypress !
Lawn Cemetery.
K. of IS. — Members of Yerba Buena Lodge No.
UBB, Knights of Honor, will assemble In
lodgeroom. Alcazar building, this day (Sun- -
day), at 2 o'clock, to attend the funeral of our
late brother, Joseph E. Culverwell. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
A. M. MACPHERSOX. Dictator.
R. H. NOBLE, Reporter.
DUXDOX— In this city, at the Potrero, Janu- :
ary 2.'.2 .'. IS9S, Patrick J.. beloved eon of Tim- :
othy and Bridget Dundoa. a native of
San Francisco, aged 7 months and 9 days. -
DOANE— In this city. January 2?. IS3B. Lucy \
Jan?, widow of the late General Charles
Doaae, and beloved mother of Mm. F. A. '
Harnden and the R»v. Frederick A. Doane. :
aged 70 yea 10 months and 23 days.
FITZGERALD— will be an anniversary
requiem high mass for the repose of the soul
of the late William Fitzgerald at St Joseph's
Church, Tenth street, to-morrow (Monday).
at '.< o'clock. Friends are invited to attend.
: GALLAGHER— In this city. January tt, IS I *,
Thomas X . beloved son of Thomas and Mary
H. Gallagher, and brother of Lew D , Frank.
Will, Harry, Mary. Charles, Grace, Hattle.
Kate and Byron Gallagher, a native of Gold
Hill, Nov.. aged 21 years 10 months and 12
days.
£7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), nt 11 o'clock, from his late renl-
<ier.ee. 2\-':i Pine street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, where a requiem mass will b.
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 11:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
GOLDEN— In this city. January 29, 1898. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of Thomas Golden, and
mother of the late Rev. Mother ! Mary
Thomas. O. S. D . John, William, Thomas 11.,
Sybillne and Genevieve Golden, Mrs. C. A.
Macomber. Mrs. A. D. Jenny, Mrs. T. J.
Golden and Mrs. J. J. Greely, a native of |
Ireland, aged 75 years. iNew York, Orange,
N. J.. Savannah, Ga., and Nashville, Term.,
papers copy.)
Funeral a. 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, AH Eddy street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
at 10 o'clock. Interment private. Omit flow-
ers;
HALPIN— In Oakland. January 29. 1838, Annie.
beloved wife of the late Michael Halpin. and
mother of Michael J., John J., Mary F..
Will-am J. and Charles M. Halpin, a native
of County Clare, Ireland, aged 62 years.
HIGGIXS— In Oakland, January 29, 1898,
BUsha Hlggtns, a native of WellfleeU Mass.,
aged 78 years 3 months and 23 days.
E?*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
February 1, at 1 o'clock, from First M. E.
Church, corner Fourteenth and clay streets.
Oakland. Interment private. In Mountain
View Cemetery.
HELM— In this city. January 23. IS9S. Freder-
ick Helm, a native of Germany, aged 83
years.
HARRINGTON— this city, January 29. 1898.
Julia, beloved wife of the late John Har-
rington, mother of John J.. Annie and Wil-
liam Foley. and sister of Catherine Daly.
Johanna Mairuire and the late David Daly.
a native of the parish of Kilbrltton. County
Cork, Ireland, aged it years.
C7 Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at S.XO o'clock, from her late resl-
dene, 37 Clarence place, off Townsend street,
between Second "and Third, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock.' Interment Holy
Crosa Cemetery.
HYDE-- Near St. Helena, Harriet, wife of Oli-
ver Hyde, and mother of Mrs. David Bixler
and Roth well Hyde, aged 79 years and 22
days
C "Notice of funeral hereafter. '
JONES— this city. January 29. IS9B. Ann
Partridge, wife of Evan E. Jones, and mother
of John P.. Fred. l-., BenJ. F. Jones and Mrs.
A. L. Gilfeather. a native of Newport.' Mon-
mouthshire, Wales, aged 66 years 4 months
and 12 day».
ICFriencis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 218 Second avenue, Richmond Dis-
trict. Interment laurel Hill Cemetery.
KEDIAN— In this city. January 29, 1898, Pat-
rick, husband of Jane Kedlan. a native of
Ireland, aged . '.. years. (New York papers
please copy.)
Funeral private.
LITTLE— In this city. January 27, IS9B. James,
beloved husband of Thankful Little. , and
father of Leonard Little, a native of Ire-
land, a^ed C 2 years I months and 24 days.
B7Priend« and acquaintances are re»pect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(rtunday). at 1 o'clock, from Cambrian Hall,
1133 Mission street. Comrades of Liberty
Post No ::;3 and other posts, also ladles- o'f
Seven Pines Pircle No. 3, Ladies of the G.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SI XDAY, JAXUABY 30, 1898.
A. R.. are Invited to attend. Interment Na-
tional Cemetery.
LEE— In Alvara<lo. Alameda County. Cal..
January 29. Is**. Antonio, beloved husband of
Maria Lee, and father of Lenora, Antonio
A. 'and Willie Lee. a native of Portugal, aged
65 years and 9 m; nths.
tC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence.
MCDONALD— In this city. January 29, 1898.
Luke McDonald, beloved brother of Mrs.
Charles Dreger and the late Mrs.' Patrick
Riley, a native of County Cavan, Ireland.
aged 58 years.
C7"Remains at the parlors of the United
Undertakers. 27 and 29 Firm srreet.
MacLEXXAX— In this city, January H. HN,
Donald, beloved husband of Sibyl MacLen-
nan, and father of Mrs. John MacXelll. Dr.
J. D.. Dr. Donald. It. N. and James Mac-
Lennan. Mrs. 'Robert and Mrs. D. R. Camp-
hell, a native of ITnssilllC. Scotland, aged 31
years 6 months and IS days.
ETTriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), at 1
o'clock, from his late residence. 52S Minne-
sota street, near Solano. Interment Ancient
Order of Foresters' section. Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city. January 28. I*9B. Caro-
line Miller, beloved mother of Mrs. S. M.
Weir.shenk and Mrs. Sophie m. Blum, a na-
tive cf Germany, aged 64 years 1 month and
13 days.
BT7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the "funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1305 Larkin street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Towntend strets.
POHLKER— In this city. January 27. IR9S. John
H.. beloved husband of Minnie- Pohlker. and
father of Loulsn Pohlker. a native of West-
phalia. Germany, aged 76 years i months and
11 days. A member of Pohonachee Tribe No.
10. Imp. O. R. M.
C-^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
. (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, corner Howard and Twenty-sixth
streets. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
RICE— this city. January 28. IS9B, James
Rice, a native of County Armagh, Ireland,
aged M years.
REED— In Auburn. January 24. IS9B. Charles
Frederick Reed, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 72 years and 17 daj-s.
.ANKEN- In tins <ity. January M, IMS, Fran-
cis I . besband of Minnie Ranken. father of
Lillifn Ranker, and son of Mrs B. and the
late Herman Ranken. and brother of Augus-
tus. Charles. Stanislaus and Agnes Kanken.
a native of San Francisco, aged X years and
1 month
tTTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this dny
(Sumiay). at 3 o'clock, (nm th» re-i,l<-n ..,.
of his mother. 612 Eddy street, thence t Si
Mary's Catbedial, where a requiem hleh
M Will he cei»-hrated for the r .,- [t ,, 9 . ? f hla
BOUI, at 1:10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery,
RILKV— In this city. January B, I s !''. at her
resident c. lirrn- Folsoni street. Bridget, be-
ll \e.l wi;"e rf Thomas Riley. and mother of
Joseph. Kdward. Thomas Jr. and James
Riley nn.i Vrs. J. \V i'r"V.-<\ a nat:ve ..f tl-.e
parish of Kell. County lavan, Ireland, aged
73 years.
ITTThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday*, at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1120'; Folsom street, thence t'> St
Joseph's Church. Tenth str«-et, for servi ■■-•*
at 2 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery-
STEPHANI— In this city. William G.. son of
Mr. and Mrs. Peter Stephani. and brother of
Valentine. Anton* and Louisa Stephani.
Augusta Rodpers. Mrs Joseph Imwall and
Mrs. Charles Rlverman of Santa Rosa, aged
24 years and 5 months.
inTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite,! to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at S:3O o'clock, from the late
residence. l?2'.i N c street, thence t ■ St. Boni-
face Church. Golden Gate avenue, where a
requiem high mm will be celebrated for
the repose of the soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SUTHERLAND— this city. January 2S. ISf.S
Mrs. Ann E. Sutherland, beloved mother of
Mrs. Thomas H. Huil! 1; and Mrs. D Mr-
Klbbin. a native of Brooklyn. N. T. aged
73 year?.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the .uneral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 7"4'-_. Turk street.
BCHMITZ— In this city. January 29. UK, Liz-
zie, beloved .wife of William Schmitz. and
mother of Anton. Minnie. Joseph, Ludwig
Marl? and Charles Schmitz. a native of New-
York, need 4.". years [ months and 10 days.
C^The funeral services will take place
to-morrow (Monday), at l o'clock, .-it her late
residence, IS Partlett street, between Twenty-
fir^t and Twenty-second. Interment I. >>
" F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
TIETJEN— In this city. January 27. IS9S I? | n -
rich Tietjen. beloved father of D. W. Tiet-
J"n. a native of Hanover. Germany, aired 69
years f months and 16 days.
K7Frlend4 and acquaintances and members
of the society of "Old Friends" are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at I o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles .1 ft MXxler, BM Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
TOBIN— In this city. January 29. m| Flor-
ence 8.. beloved daughter of Mrs. A S. and
the late James Tobln. and sister of F. K.
Tobin. a native of San Francisco, aged 37
years 4 months and 2>i days.
tT7"Friend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monaay). at 10:3^ o'clock, from h<-r late resi-
dence, 1227 Guerrero street. Interment ;— ,
vate.
YON BOOSTEN in this city, January '7 I?DS
Claus. dearly beloved husband of Anna van
Foosten. and father of Louis and Ciaus yon
Soosten. Mrs. W. Sprin»r. Mrs. W. Beck-
stedt. Mrs. .1 C. Bar*. Mrs. D. Ahrens and
Mrs. H. Schultz. a native of Kohlcn. Han-
over. Germany, aged 73 years 2 months and
7 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvlte.l to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), nt 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, HI Noe itreet, near Twenty-third
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WILLEY— In this city. January 29, IS9*
Charles. Walter Wllley, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 26 years. (Marysville papers please
copy.) - .
C 7" Remains at the parlors of Carew & En-
cli"-! 1 . 41 Van Ness avenue.
WEIHE— In this city. January 29. tMt, Infant
daughter of Guntav and Maude Welhe a na-
tive of California, aired 12 days.
WEST— KING— In Colfax. January U ISS.B
by the Rev. A. C. Duncan. William A. West
of Sacramento and Bertha King of Forest
WALKER- BROCK- la Martinez. Cal.. Jan-
uary 23. lias, at the residence of the bride's
brother. G. a Brock, by the Rev. S. Kin-
■ey, William A. Walker of San Francisco
and Jennie Brock of Martinez.
WAGNER— this city. January 2S. IS3S
Frank C, dearly beloved husband of Rosle
E. Wagner, father of Frank, Adolph. Law-
rence. Hilda and Herbert Wagner and
brother of Louis Wagner, a native of Han-
over, Germany, aced 4? years and 27 days.
A member of Wreln Elntracht. Ban Fran-
cisco Turn Vercin and Eureka Lodge No
17.'.<!. K. of H. .
ICJ'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at i o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1935 Howard street, thence to San
Francisco Turn Verein Hall. 323 Turk street
where funeral service:! will be held, com-
mencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
WILLETT— In Chicago, 111.. January 25. IR9S,
Mrs. Anna L. Wiliett, wife of Norman Wil-
lett of Decorah, lowa, and daughter of F.
and Mrs. A. E. Hclmke of California, aged
31 years, less 3 days.
ZINNS— In this city. January 27. IS3S, at her
residence, 1132 Fell street, Johanna, beloved
wife of Christian Zinns. a native of Saar-
luiv. France. (Buffalo, N. V., papers please
copy.
ITjyThe funeral will take place this day
(Punday). at 9 o'clock, from Sacred Heart
Church. Interment private.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. »
FUNKItAL DUUBCTOBB* KMBALMEB3 I
20 FIFTH ST Opp. Lincoln School '
Trlfphfiif. Soutii Ml. I
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R CARKW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
I'NDKRTAKV.KS AND KMRAI.MERS.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van N'.-f- aye , near Market St., San
Francisco. Telephone So. US.
Estalv HM Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCH RAN CO.
Funeral Directors nnH Embalmcrs,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. St>uoi.,us i hand for the use
of our patrons Rubl>er tire* on OUf nmbulance
SELLS BI'RIAL LOTS AND (iRAVES.
"ERPETL'AL CARE.
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION,
Junction of Busb Street and Cerjtral
Avenue. Sao Francisco.
ParK Music To-Day.
The following programme will be ren
dered by the Park Band:
March, "Christian . Endeavor Conven
tion, • 'M," McCoy; Suite, "Peer Gym."
Gries. (a) Morninp. (b) Asa's Death, (c)
Anitra's Dance, (d) Peer Gynt Chased by
the King of the Mountain; waltz, "New
Del Monte." Redding; solo for trombone
"The Sea,". Schubert.. by Mr. Tobin; rem
iniscences of . the .greatest operatic mas
ters. fv<roux: overture. "Rotnantlque '•'
Keler Bela; serenade. Ti;]. solo for horn
with flute obligate; scenes from "Mefls
tofele,". Bolto; grand caprice, -'The Lion
Chase," Rolling; State song. "Hail, Cali
fornia," Gro. ,
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J.Noonan.lol7-1023 Mission.
COLLINS FIRST
PAST THE WIRE
Piloted to Victory in the
Lakeside Stake by-
Charley Thorpe.
The 8 to 3 Favorite, Judge
Denny, Proved a Dis
appointment.
Four Favorites Tumbled Over— Joe
Terry Somewhat of «n Acrobat
Vera o uu Jumped Well.
The big crowd gathered at Ingleside
track yesterday fully expected to see
Judge Denr.y and Wheel of Fortune
fight it out for the $1000 Lakeside Stake,
at one and a half miles, and Judge of
th*ir surprise when the brown gelding,
Collins, carrying the colors of Dr. Row
ell, won cleverly from Garland Barr,
with the two favorites scrambling for
third money. Judge Denny, with Claw,
son up, ruled an 8-to-5 chmce through
out the betting, and, getting an over
land ride, was never dangerous. Of
Willie Martin's ride on the "Wheel"
there is no solution. It was about as
bad as the wizard ever furnished. Kept
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
Weather fine.* TVack^fas't 1 : Meetin *' Saturday. January 29. l§9B.
512.
■
FIRST RACE— One mile; wiling: four-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Horses/" Weight. St Vm. UnT sT^ 577 r^ i t»^i '- T,
r
FIT Soniro, 4 104 3
494 liana. 4 102 2
502 Wawona. a 10? 1
(404) Rardou. 4 llif 4
4:3 Tom Anderson. 4... 107' 6
4:4 Rafaela. 4 1021 7
.VrT Governor Rudd. 5..10<>! S
371 The Dracon. !.„ 112 5
■/«m.
1 ns
1 %i
2 »*
4 h
6 8
8
[8 .
iii
2 *
3 1
4 h
5 h
7 4
X
6 4
%m.
Hi
i&
3 ;
4 V
5 n
I*
s
.6 2
Str.
1 2
2 4
3 24
4 14
5 3
6 h
I*
Fin. Jockeys. [Op. CL
1 X Thorpe .*. 3 4
2 % 11. Martin ... 3 4
3 4 Clayton 2 11-S
410 Conley ! 6 10
5 2 Spencer I 10 '.6
6 5 IClawson 8 12
7 8 IMcNlchols ... 50 60
8 T. McHugh ..12 10
start.
Winr^r. E Corrlgan's b. g. by
'on handily
Emperor of Norfolk- Blaieaway.
Good
513.
Index.
BBCbMD Hack ? yen furlongs; three-year-olds and upward : purse. $330.
"eight St.
Km.
4K<! I4MK« Lee, 3 961 6
4■: 1" rtunato. 4 1071 !
n» Cabrillo. «... 1171 1
403 Klnir William. 5.. ..110 4
4 ( '<; Hardly. 3 '.t 7
«9« Highland Rail, 3... 90 5
453 Mistleton. 3 99! 3
440 Elldad. 3 93' 8
3 1
1 14
7 4
4 h
2 n
i 2
i h
s
2 h
1 14
6 2
I h
3 \
I*
71
6 n
62
3 n
■ 4 ns
7%
S
22
1 2
3 4
5 h
4 n
6 24
[2
1 h ClawFon ' 5-2
2 1 Conley ... • s
3 7 C. Sloan 4
4 34 H. Martin ... 6
I \ .1 Woods .... 5
<■■ 2 ICcNlchola ... 6
7 1". Thorpe I 6
5 nassinger | 100
3
5
9
4V4 V
10
I
7
100
1:2814.
Winner. F c..rrl K an s b. c. by Imp. St. Georije-I^vee. Good start.
\V,,n
easily.
514. T " a "{' P ur^o E l4M ne *"* a half mUM: •*" BIX hurdles : four-year-olds and up-
****• HQCf, Weight. iSt. Std. Km. y,^. %q L Stf. Fin. I Jark-ys ' i^.~rT
409 Verajrua, 5 1.1415 2h 11
407 IConlta. a 124 4 Ins' 2 n
2.V) J. O. C., « 154 2 5 8 615
407 Silverado, a 14.i; 3 4 1 4 h
334 Billy Mcc'loskey. 5.15 « « 6
439 Gallant, C 13-!: 1 3 8 S 8
US Presidio. :. I.; 7 •
I?
5 40
4 1
6
3 2
124
2 12
4 3
3 1
6
5 75
1 2
2 8
3 14
4 4
6
5 50
I ; ■■
1 6 Ifueston
2 4 Murphy
3IS IVtera
4 :.n Stanford I
Kjren
I ' "wens
]Cochran
I
7
n
1
6
8
7
I
30
4
10
• Refused.
Time. 2:S0«-i. Winner. A. Nickell's b. g. by
easily.
Slnfax-Parttsana.
•
Good start.
Won
515. ' nd a half m " eS: three-year-olds and upward; the Lake-
Index. Horees. Weight: StTstd. Sil. Mm. W Str. Fin. I Jockeys. [ O p. CI.
«ra.
4m.
Btr.
(«7) Collins, f. 104! 2
fW) Garland Barr. s...lft<;'. 5
3«» Wheel Fortune, <>.mi 1
SOO Judfje Df-nny. .5 V*\ 3
f.lO Don Clarenrlo. 4...10J 4
TAJ Personne. 4 ... S**! fi
M 0 Cromwell, <; ... 1071 7
2 2
4 2
I h
6 2.
_.l Ii
2 1«4
424
3 h
5 ns
6 1
_IJ4_
1 2
1 n
« H
4 h
5 n
3 h
1 4
2 «i
5 n
4 2
3 ns
7
6 h
1 n
•> *
5 2
4 4
3 24
6 2
1 2 (Thorpe
2 m <-..n!py
3 ns W. Martin ..
4 2 Clawson
5 I - St.onoer
6 I«i|Gray
I H. Mirtln....
S
8
8-5
12
13
8
8
12
2
8-5
20
7
_ Won^WhVee dS 1 Dr ' H. E. ROWe "' 8 br - g " by Inspector H^azza.
Good start
518. FIFTH I!A ' S!x furlongs: selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. 1300.
"Index. Horses. Welght-Tstl %n7 H^ \n^ St?! Fin. I Jockeys. |Op. C
.Vlght.
SI
'.m
Fin.
■""•I Kamsln. i 105
45**5 Mainstay. 6 114
601 Chihuahua. 3 97
EW> Miss Ross. 5 .. IC*>
435 Roulette Wheel, 3. ST
(457) Dr. Rernays. I .... M
607 Jack Martin. 5 10S
496 Morinel. 3 .. "1
(
\
I
! 1 1 1 !! mm
IK. Winner. L. H. Exeirs b. ». hy Blazes-Miss Hall. Good start. Won first
517.
SIXTH RACE-One mile;
.; purse, $40«.
493 Joe Terry, 5 112 5
602 PalcmacJta, fi 107 2
5"4 Fashion Plate, 4...1C2 I
609 Triumph, a 100! 4
EM Red Glenn, a : 10? 6
604 Herrnanlta. 6 107 8
497 Little Cripple, a.... 109 1
463 Kaiser Ludwlg, 4.. 107 9
475 Foremost. 6 log 3
4 4
2 14
5 24
3 n
8 4
6 n
1 h
7 1
9
5 n
1 h
2 h
63
8 2
7 1
3 14
4 h
ii
3 4
1 ii
I n
5 6
7 2
4 h
63
9
3 14
1 h
2%
4 1
8 6
6 h
5 2
I*
1 " ! .!_
1 S4 (Conley 6
2 h iThorpe 2
3C H. Martin... 6-5
4 h ,Sj>enof-r 10
I ■'. ;<>'l)onnell ... 10
6 2 [('lawson | $
7 8 Inayton 12
5 2 H. rtniwn ... <;
9 iMaokltn ..
k
5-2
1
«0
40
Ii
ir
25
100
Time, 1:4114.
Good start. \V..n
inn^r. J.
's
illy.
back In last position until all chance of
victory was gone, she fought it out
gamely to the end, finishing third. <"ol
lins and ''.arland I3arr alternated in
making the running. When a mile had
neon covered Thorpe, on Collins, as
sumed tho front position, and, despite
Conley*a desperate riding on Garland
But, the brown fellow won comforta
i bly by a couple of lengths in the fast
; time of 2:34' 2 . The winner was an S
i to-1 chanre in the betting, and Thorpe
, and his mount were accorded the usual
ovation.
The sport was bumpy and full of
jagged points as usual. Certain cliques
bet on some particular horse, and the
misfortunes that some of the other
starters that should be contenders meet
with is truly marvelous. Two wins
I out of six starts was the showing made
by the tivst choices. The betting keeps
up well, and the books ought to- be salt
ing away some coin.
I m Friday Soniro, with a stable boy
up. couldn't beat a prize bull at a
country fair, but getting in the cool end
of a split race yesterday he was a
very healthy article. Wawona and
Claudlana carried most of the money
bei OB the fiist race, a mile selling run.
but neither Bhowed to narked advan
tage. Soniro, with Thorpe dp, led from
start to linish, and won cleverly from
» Ttaudiana.
Th educated ones tried to put King
William over the plate in the slx-fur
lmig spriu following, and some wild
and weird horsemanship was indulged
in. There vras a jjrand mixup turning
into the l>.i< kstn ton. in which King
| William <1 i • i not f.ire well. At any rate,
j thinp.H did not end as mapped o-ut. and.
! finishing strong in the stretch, the fa
votii look Fortunate
ami ted iiim past th>- wire ■ head. <"a
hiilln came from the bulrushes, finish
ing in the show. Ridden to better ad
vantage, tht latter would probably
have tj.k^n ihe pane.
The hurdle event, over one mile and
a half, resulted in an easy win for
Veragua, backed down from twos t<>
7-to-s favoritism. With Hueston In
the saddle, he took all of the jumps in
front, winning, hands down, from Ifo
nita, an S-t>-l chance, with T. Murphy
up. J. O. <\. with l'->l pounds in the
saddle, ran an excellent race, ending
up in the show.
Katnstn seems to have secured a re
newal of his former supply of speed.
The original fifth race was declared off,
and a six-furlong selling substituted in
Its stf>ad. for which Mainstay, with
"Ski .ts" Martin up. ruled an K-to-5
choice. The big chestnut had his
chant ps killed off by racing out in front
with the speedy Chihuahua, and in the
final furlong was outfooted and beaten
by Kamsin, (istride which Thorpe fur
nished & most vigorous finish. Three to
one was lai<l nfxmt the winner through
out the betting.
Form players considered Fashion
Plate the one big "cinch" of the day.
The filly started an even-money choice
for the final race on the card, a mile
selling run, but she did not possess the
same amount of speed that she had on
Thursday when a 6-to-l chance in the
betting, being able to finish no better
than third. Alternating out in the
lead with Palomacita. the second
choice, the pair were passed opposite
the paddock by Joe Terry, a 6-to-l
chance, which won handily by over
three lengths. In a hard drive Thorpe
outrode "Pkeets" Martin, taking the
place with Palomacita by a head.
TRACK ITEMS.
For making an earnest effort to win
astride Fortunate, Conley was ordered sot
down for a week. Conley** mount may
haTC swerved out in the stretch the six
teenth part of an inch toward the Corri
gan entry. George Lee, but it was scarce
ly perceptible. Other rid. rs <an yank
their mounts all over the track and it is
entirely overlooked If the colored lad
turns his neck while on the road to the
win' he is rewarded with a fine. There
is sense and justice in everything, and
there is no just' reason why it should not
be dealt out to Conley in the same pro
portion as it is to the balance of the
riders.
For the sudden reversal in form dis
played by Joe Terry, his owners have
been suspended pending an investigation
Into the horse's running.
Sixteen added money stakes, to be de
cided at the Latonia Jockey club's course
near Cincinnati, during the coming sea
son, will dose Tuesday, Rebroary l ob
jection having been made to the guaran
teed system of stakes, the club has liber
ally added enough money to each event to
make them worth at least $2000. Secre
tary Hopper of Covlnpton. Ivy. will re
ceive entries for the above events as
NEW TO-DAY.
FOR
A Hard Cold.
•
Richard J. Wall, who has a
large prescription drugstore in
Brooklyn, says: "I have many
recommendations for your '77'
for Grip and Colds."
Mrs. W. J. Wallace, Walling-
ford, Conn., says: "My mother,
an old lady of 76, was twice
prevented from having Pneu-
monia by taking 'Seventy-
seven ' in time." :
«" A 25c vial leads to a $1 flask.
At druggists or sent on receipt of price.
Ask for Dr. Humphreys' ; Specific Manual of
ill diseased at your 1 >rn?i.-isi-< or Mailed free.
Humphreys' Medicine Company, New York.
COLLINS WINNING THE LAKESIDE STAKES.
I well as the Latonia Derby, the Himyar
stake and the l.atonia Oaks, all for three
year-olds, to be decided at tbe spring
meeting of ]Sf>9.
Following are conditions for the gentle
men's riding race, to be decided On Thurs
day, February ;?: Purs*> 1600, ->f which $100
tn second and $50 to third: for four-year
olds and upward; gentlemen riders; four
year-olds to carry ISO pounds, five-year
olds and up 156 pounds: no allowance for
sex: the winner of the first gentlemen's
race to carry five pounds extra; entries
close Monday. Januay 31: mounts to be
decided by lot the day before the race;
the association reserves the right to de
termine the number of starters and to
draw down to that number if necessary;
distance one mile.
It is the intention of the Ingle
pide Association to give from time to
tim«* ra.-.-s for gentlemen riders. A valua
ble Silver cup will be presented to the
horseman first to win. three such race*..
The date, name of rider, horse, etc.. will
be engraved on the cup as each race is
run.
KLONDIKE DUTIES.
What Miners Will hfavc to Pay the
Canadian Government on
Their Outfits.
Th« offi'-o of the British Consul in this
ci'y is being flooded with applicants in
quiring as to the duties to be charged by
the Canadian Government on their wear
ing apparel, provisions, etc. To these the
NEW TO-DAY.
0
Have emancipated us giving us new life and hope. No greater discovery has
been made than he combined application of electricity and medicine for a lasting
and permanent cure.
We have developed the use of electricity in medicine and surgery to such a
high degree of efficiency that by our method of treatment all LINGERING,
CHRONIC AND PRIVATE diseases are speedily and permanently CURED.
ELECTRICITY IS "LIFE, but life must be sustained by ■ food. By our
electrical treatment we tone up the system, brace the nerves, invigorate the
diseased organs of the body, and our medical treatment supplies the food neces-
sary for a complete and lasting cure. : ■" "~
Our method of administering electricity is solely our own. By it the patient •/
experiences no shock, nor pain, but merely a pleasant, soothing sensation.
MHIMATKM Aaa<tn klndred «—■ «■ of the ! fATABDH of nose - throat, lungs and atom- ;l
nilLtillAl IJiTI joints and muscles YIELD AT vAI Allllll ach. Our success in curing all V
ONCE to its influences. The relief is IIIME- forms of catarrhal trouble by our improved
DIATK and cure quickly follows. and scientific treatment has be'en unparalleled.
WCnyCClns.-mr.ia. hysteria, chronic head- FiflAl R! FMe<\HP^ By the application of.
11 Lit T LiJ aches, nervous twitchinps, cold 1 feet, Irt VIHL IIJLLIIII.jiIL.Jo-.ir electro - galvanic
palpitation of the heart, dizziness, evil fore- and farad:.- treatment we positively remove all
bodinps. melancholy WEAK AND SINKING lines, wrinkles, scars, moles, birthmarks, tat-
SPELLS. Our treatment positively cures. '""• barter's itch and superfluous hair. De-
. ,, ■ ' ; velop sunken chetks, necks and breasts.
eye All cases of acute or chronic inflamma- Outstanding ears set back positively without
r IL tion. scrofulous eye, closing of the eye pain. Roman, flat and pug noses straightened
duct, sore eyes from blood trouble, granulated and made perfect,
lids, tumor, cancer of the lids, etc. _ T „„_, . » TT » _.,, Ypu j nQt ..
ri nnn avu iv You nep d not hope for
CID Deafness from catarrh, singing or roar- **L,\rvu unit on in sound health so long as
L.-\IV ing noises, thickened drum, inflammation your blood is impure. Bad blood produces ah-
of external ear, purulent discharging from the scesses, cancers, carbuncles, eczema, erysipe-
ear, etc. . las, piles, pimples, rheumatism, . scrofula
NERVOUS DEBILITY A ? d a " 'v ttMMiln * ' "^ I^^
nCIITULJ 17COILI1I ailments. The awful body, regardless of their physical difference
effects of neglected or improperly treated cases, ; will not cure you. but a special course of our
producing weakness of body and brain, dirsl- { electro-medical treatment will completely exp"^
ness, falling memory, lack of energy an.i confl- all Impurities of the system and fill the vefna
dence. chest pains and other distressing symp- with rich, red blood, which Insures freedom
Pr^matu^^decaT a!m ° St invarlabl r lead to from skin diseases and soundness of general .
preinaiure <ieca> . [ health.
We have, after years of successful and ex tensive experience, got together an electrical
apparatus in our institute which is not excelled for the treatment of diseases In the. entire
FOR CONSULTATION. ° V " >OUr CaSe With the dOCtOrS - WE MAKE NO CHARM
HOME TREATMENT.
v If you live out of town and cannot vlsi t the Institute, this need not deprive you of th« \
benefits of this wonderful treatment. It is only necessary to write a "lain statement o' you? «
. condition, explaining your feelings and symptoms as clearly as i.os« hie nnd frnL ft '
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
MARKET, POWELL AND EDDY STREETS.
Entrance ISTo. 3 Eddy Street San Franoisoo,
Lifted Back to Health.
RIPANS TABULES help peOple b i ck , to 1 ! alth 4.; The r are not «> very wonderful **«•
nir nilil inOUktg you come to think of It They simply supply the thin« that ram«
needs— the Inmdients lacking in the food. Digestive troubles come because toorf is irnp-operlv selected
poorly cooked, or hastily eaten. Most dieestivt troubles mean acidity or sourness in the stomach- const!
Pition of the bowels; and slug-ishness of the liver. These are the things that RIPANS TABULES correct. "^
Zt,l * T v sen sth " 1^ if you let them run on. They are miserably uncomfortable things always Most 5"
■II the ills suftered are traceable to some form of indigestion. . It is safe to say that if people would keep
their digestive organs active and healthy, nobody would ever be very sick. ' H*" "ie woum Keep
RIPANS TABULES • rel ?«* ! fthe ! tni nss.n'ost often "prescribed by physician for <Jv<- '
.'I r -I, A- a > P v. ,- pepSU ' ' ndl ?« tlon - sour stomach, bilious headache. constipatiWind
«.. ciher disorders of th a stomach, liver and bowels. They make the appetite better digestion Xui.r In 1
more thorough, bring clearness to the head and csw vi X or to the body ' digestion ew«t and ,
reply has been given that the Canadian
tariff adopted last year would prevail.
Wearing apparel in possession of the
owner and for his own personal use and
not for sale or to be sold will be admit
ted free of duty. Provisions, etc.. will be
taxed as follows: Meat in barrels, 2 cents
per pound; fresh, 3 cents; canned meats,
poultry, game. etc.. L'S per cent ad va
lorem; lard, 2 cents: candles. 25 per cent;
soap, 1 cent per pound; butter. 4 cents;
condensed milk. 3*i cents; beans and po
tatoes.'ls cents per bushel: vegetables, 25
per cent ad valorem; oatmeal. 20 per cent
ad valorem; rice. Vi cents per pound;
wheat flour. 60 cents per barrel; dried
apples. 2"> per cent ad valorem; canned
fruit, 22 1 * cents per pound; Jellies, pre
serves, etc.. 3Vi cents per pound; tea and
green coffee, 20 per cent ad valorem;
roasted coffee. 10 per cent ad valorem;
oysters, 5 rents per can; lumber, free.
Prison made goods, oleomargarine and
other substitutes for butter, as well aa
tea not up to the Government standard,
are prohibited and will not be allowed to
be taken into Canadian territory.
A Sovereign Remedy.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. 1 dose will stop
cough; never fails; 25c; all druggists. •
Two Burglars Sarjtenced.
Jeff Conley, convicted 6t burglary In tne
first degree for entering the store of Kelly
& Sieberc, 239 Seventh street, was sen
tenced to ten years in San Quentin by
Judge Dunne yesterday. Thomas Ors»,
convicted of burglary, was sentenced to
one yi-ar in San Quentin.ROMANCE OF
NEWMAN'S LIFE
Deserted a Young Wife
Two Score Years
Ago.
Now She Is Here and Claims
the Estate of the Dead
Man.
It Is the Belief That the Mystery of
the Trestle Will Never Bo
Solved.
. Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, January 29.
When George Newman died he left an .
estate valued at about $20,000, and he
also left behind him a romance which
Is gradually being unfolded before the 1
Superior Court at Martinez. Newman
for many years prior to his death was
a resident of Antioch, and was well
known in both Alameda and Contra
Costa counties.
He engaged in several trades during
his life, and accumulated his snug es
tate by thrift. He spoke very little of '
himself or his past, but occasionally
enjoyed a hilarious time, and while on
one of these sprees he met death in a
mysterious manner. By the river bank
at the edge of tidewater his corpse was
found. The body was under the rail
road trestle, and whether he tumbled
from the track or whether he was mur
dered and robbed may never be known,
but there is much to support the latter
theory. •..
At the time of his death Newman's
keys were found on the railroad track,
his pockets were rifled, but his watch
was not touched. One man was sus
pected of knowing how Newman might
have died, and he has since been found
and placed in the lunatic asylum.
In addition to the tragedy and mys
tery of Newman's death, now comes a
romance in his early life. It was al
ways supposed that he had a wife liv
ing in Rhode Island, and when the Pub
lic Administrator took charge of his es
tate he found some letters from his
wife, and she was sent for. A few days
ago she arrived at Martinez, and at
once claimed the right to administer
the estate as the widow of the de
ceased. Her story is that Newman
married her over forty years ago when
she was but 16 years of age, and that
three weeks after their marriage he de
serted her and came to California. They
kept up a casual correspondence until
four years ago, and since that time
only a few letters have passed between
them.
In all these forty years Newman sent
her but trifling sums of money for her
support, continually claiming poverty,
notwithstanding he was in very com
fortable- circumstances. Her last let
ters were pitiful, pleading advancing
age and feebleness, and are said to
have met with no" response.
The contestants claim that the wom
an* not Newman's wife at all. A
cousin of the deceased, who- is a resi
dent of Stockton, is one of the contest
ants, and declares that Newman's wife
died four years ago, and that he can
not have a widow now living. The
matter is in the Superior Court of Con
tra Costa County, where the conflict
ing testimony will be straightened out.
The man who was last seen with
Newman on the night before his death
is named Griffiths, and has relatives in
this city. After Newman was found
dead Griffiths disappeared, and turned
up in Fresno, where he has a wealthy
brother in the real estate business. He
attempted to kill his brother with a
knife, and was arrested. While under
arrest he was brought from Fresno to
Antioch to testify at the inquest on
Newman. The Ccroner would prob
ably have taken some action had it not
been proved that Newman was a peri
odical lunatic, and had frequently been
in asylums. He was sent back to Ag
news, was discharged about two weeks
ago as cured, and yesterday was rear
rested at San Jose in a demented state
of mind, walking around in the cold
barefooted and with only half his
clothes on.
POISONED
BY CANDY
Mrs. J. K. Porter in a Critical
Condition From Eating
Gumdrops.
She Was Hurriedly Taken to the Re-
Csivincr Hospital for
Treatment
Mrs. J. K. Porter, who resides at
1930 Ellis street, was presumably acci
dentally poisoned in the Grand Opera
house last evening while witnessing the
play in company with her daughter.
After the first act Mrs. Porter bought
a small package of gum drops, and
after eating one or two of them .she
was taken with severe pains in the
stomach. She told her daughter of
the agony she was undergoing and the
daughter notified the management of
the affair.
The ambulance was hurriedly sum
moned and the suffering woman was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
ii v. as discovered that she had been
poisoned and was in a critical condi
tion. It is the opinion of Miss Porter
that the prumdrnps were the cause of
the trouble. After <. a ting the gumdrops
Mrs. Porter endured the pain for a
time, but later on it became so intense
that she nearly fainted. When the
ambulance arrived at the hospital the
victim of the poisoned candies was in
an exceedingly weak condition and had
to be supported while eroins into the
ward for treatment. The doctors ex
pressed the opinion that the candles
sold by the messenger boys in the thea
ter had been the source of pain, as
they were without doubt poisoned.
A NOTED CONSPIRATOR.
An firrest in China Recalls an
Incident in Sar> Francisco.
Recent news from Hongkong says that
the notorious Dr. Sun Y.it Sun, the arch
conspirator against the Chinese Govern
ment, has been arrested by the Hong
kong authorities and handed over, to the
Chinese Government. About eighteen
months ago this noted . revolutionist fled
to San Francisco and was for several
months domiciled in Chinatown, where
he succeeded in " organizing a society
called the Hing Chung Oey, or "Reform
China Association." Its professed object
was to bring about reforms in the" Gov
ernment of China by peaceful methods
if possible, but if necessary by force. ; .
Dr. J. F. Masters of the M. E. Chinese
Mission says that one morning he .found
In the mission a very modest looking,
well educated, well dressed European-.
tzed young man • who was introduced to
him as the. Chinese -physician, Dr. Sun. 1
He made many friends by his pleasant,
gentlemanly, well bred manners, and he
was invited to come again. .Sun went in i
and out among the mission people for a
couple of months. - One day Dr. Masters
met the Chinese Consul,' who expressed
his surprise and regret that the mission
wns harboring one of the greatest • Chi
nese rebels of modern times and that he
had already succeeded in winning to his
cause numbers of the Christian young
men of Chinatown. Dr. Masters hurried
to .the . mission and found that Dr. Sun
had left a few • hours before,- and had
boarded the eastbound express. The plot
had been exposed and Dr. Sun remem
bered he had business' elsewhere.
Dr.. Sun visited Eastern cities and nt
every place he followed the same tac
tics. He went quietly about among his
fellow countrymen and organized local
chapters of the Hing Chung Oey. When
the Chinese officials got on his track he
suddenly disappeared. At last he turned
up in London a year ago last October,
and the world was startled by the news
that he had been kidnaped by the Chinese
Legation in London and that Sir Halll
day Macartney was arranging for his
passage to . China as a prisoner of the
Chinese Government. -V- ?
IN MEMORY OF LINCOLN.
(\ Mass-Meeting Will Be Meld at
Metropolitan Temple and a
Programme Rendered.
The public meetings committee of Un
coln Monument League ,and a special
conference committee of the G.^ a. R.
posts met last evening in Judgs Cooney a
offices in the Pnelan building ' (>r tne
purpose of arranging a programme to be
rendered at a mass meeting to be held
In Metropolitan Temple ™ February 1-.
: the anniversary of the birth ol Lincoln.
Samuel If. SnortrMge baa been Invited
' to act as orator on the occasion and the
invitation has been accepted. A music.
programme will also be arrange. and
i some of the best local talent will par
: tieipate Those who have the affair in
: charge are: Judge M. Oooney. chairman;
ip r Lund, secretary: Colonel w. w.
Stone. Colonel C. Mason Klnne. Sol Co
hen, Senator Frank ftfcGowan. W. H.
Wlvrft" \ Mautner, Professor EUaha
Brook*; A. J. Vlning. C. W. Gordcu, W.
j. Watson.
BOY BURGLARS
IN THE TOILS
William Hennessey and Law
rence Estes Chased by Three
Policemen and Caught.
They Are Supposed to Eelong to a
Gang Thpt Has Been Robbing
Telephone Boxes in Stores.
The butcher shop of M. R. O*oske. 905
Folsom street, was entered by William
Hennessey and Lawrence Estes. two boys
17 years of age. at an early hour yester
day morning. They tore the telephone
Vox from the wall and carried it away
with them to. steal the nickels in the re
ceiver.
They were observed by Policeman Ifen
ihan. and he blew his whistle and started
on the run after them. At Sixth street
they dropped the box and continued their
night south on Sixth street. Ifenihan
was Joined by Policemen McEntee and
O'Connor, and McEntee tired a shot in
the air from his revolver to Intimidate
the two youths, but it had the effect of
Increasing their speed. The chase was
kept un until Columbia square was
reached', and there the fugitives were run
to earth. They were taken to the City
Prison and charged with burglary.
They were arraigned in Judge Conlan's
court yesterday and the hearing was con
tinued until Tuesday. A representative.
of the telephone company was in court
and stated thai within the past three or
four months about M 0 telephone boxes
had been stolen In different parts of the
city and destroyed to get at the nickels
in "the receivers, and he believed the
company had lost about $l"00 in this way.
The police say that Hennessey and Es
tes are members of a gang that has been
making it a practice to break into stores
and steal the telephone boxes and any
thing else they could lay their hands
upon, and they consider the capture an
important one. Hennessey is a had boy.
He has served a term for petty larceny
and has been arrested for vagrancy.
LABOR MAKES PROTEST.
Objections to Charter Amerjdroeot
Call Fort!} a Vigorous Response
of tbe Executive Board.
The following extracts are from a man
ifesto fssued by the executive board ot
the San Francisco I>abor Convention, of
which E. W. Thurman is president,
George Lafayette vice president, K. J.
Corbett secretary, T. J. Browning treas
urer and J. K. Phillips financial secre
tary:
"There seems to be a strong effort to
deceive the people of San Francisco, as
It s.-f-ms to us and especially the laboring
class, who demand recognition of their
rights in the new charter, to put them
off with the pretense that the charter
can be easily amended. This is not so.
The pretense that a clause can be in
serted by which upon petition of 15 p< r
cent of the voters an amendment can be
submitted is absolutely not so.
'•The constitution, which is the supreme
law. provides for the making of the
charier and also provides the only meth
od by which it can be am»ended after it is
so made."
The objection generally is against the
stand taken by the Examiner, the board
asserting that the moneyed classes are
always opposed to the intf-rosts of labor
and that "no one can say that a require
ment for a three-fifths vote is an easy
amendment. It la just the contrary, and
labor will not be hoodwinked in this
way."
KINGS OF PURGATORY.
Courvcil of Dignitaries Elects Of f i-
cers to Corjfer Degrees.
The Council of I Mg-nitarlfs of th°
Kings of Purgatory, a side degree of the
Knights of Pythias, met last night in
Pythian Castle and made arrangements
for the celebration to be given on the
19th of February, the anniversary of the
founding of the order.
The following named were chosen as
officers: President, George W. Monteith;
secretary, H. C. Hincksen;' treasurer,
Herman Schaffner; patriarch, G. H. Sam
uels;" king of spades, Julius Caiman; king
of hearts, M. A. Samuels; king of clubs,
H. L. Blake;- king of diamonds, F. Nedel
flnger; knave of spades. M. C. Dunn;
knave of hearts, E. C. Powell; knave of
clubs, George Rabbit; knave of diamonds,
K. Winter: chamberlain, D. H. Skilfen;
herald, R. F. Lang; equerry, C. C. Morris.
A number of Pythians signed the roll
of membership, which now carries 165
names, and.it is expected that it will be
increased to 200.
It was decided to give the Initiatory and
two other degrees upon the stage of the
Odd Fellows' Hall, which, for the occa
sion, will be fitted up with Oriental gor
geousness, and it was announced that
"the work," as exemplification of the de
grees is called, will be presented with a
number of startling effects, including a
scene at which witches will preside at
a caldron of boiling oil, in which to pre
pare the candidates. '
Guests will be admitted by invitation.
and every name, presented for a card of
admission will be submitted- to a commit
tee. - After ; the ceremony of initiation
there will be a grand ball until the hour
of midnight. •
Jubilee Decorations Burned.
The Jubilee decorations in front of the
shoe store of Sommer & Kaufman at 2S
Kearny street caught fire from a cigar
ette-about half-past 10 and were com
pletely destroyed. A still alarm was
turned in but the blaze was extinguished
before the fire department reached the
store. A plate glass window -was badly
cracked Iby the heat. An alarm was rung
in from box 25 at 7:30 laM evening for a
small fire in a lodging house on Washing
ton street, near Dupont. The blaze start
ed in some ■ bedclothes and . the . loss was
nominal.: . . .-....., .' ... ,v ■• ■
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, STJXBAT, JANUARY 30, 1898.
THE ORDEAL
IS AVERTED
Oakland Society May Be
Spared Much Anx
iety.
May Never Have to Receive
Mr. and Mrs. Swiftwater
Bill.
" A Splendid Fellow," Says Hie. Broker,
"and a Welcome Addition
to Oakland."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway. Jan. 29.
Oakland society is relieved. Since It
first became known that W. C Gates,
also known as Swiftwater Bill, had
purchased the Henshaw residence in
the heart of the local aristocracy, and
had paid a goodly figure for it, there
has been much speculation as to how
Mr. and Mrs. Gates and their $1,800,000
which he says he owns should be re
ceived.
It was not so difficult for Oakland so
ciety to outline a reception for $1,800.
000, but there are certain lines drawn
on this side of the bay by society which
would make it difficult to determine
the status of the millionaire from Daw
son City.
It was known that Mr. Gates was
ambitious, and gossips had circulated
the story that the purchase of the
mansion carried with it an unwritten
but implied understanding that the
Gateses should be admitted into the
(harmed circle of other residents of
Oakland who owned $25,000 mansions.
This was horrible, and now the little
domestic infelicity Which has broken
out between Mr. Gates and his bride
has somewhat relieved the embarrass
ing situation.
Oakland society has not said much:
as a rule it docs not talk, but it thinks
and acts and its actions are of that
nature that speaks louder than words.
The question of the admission of Mr.
Bwiftwater Bill and hi.s wife into so
ciety was considerably complicated by
the fact that he owned so much money.
There is a lot of society on this side of
the bay, but there is not any too much
money, and $1,800,000 is quite a sum.
With the purchase of the residence
and the prompt manner in which it was
paid fcr there were many who felt in
clined to receive Mr. Gates with open
arms, for although his pedigree did
not precede him and his coat of arms
has not yet been registered, a gnat
deal of respect was felt for a man who
would pay (25.0 Mm cash for a house
and show proof that he still had $1,775,
000 left.
It now appears, however, from the
stories of both Mr. and Mis. dates,
that their married life ig. nearly at an
end. for she says that there are other
things than money necessary to happi
ness, and h« says that as he has all the
money he is not going to "chase her."
quently local society feels con
siderably relieved.
William Laymanoe of the company
which induced Mr. Gates to invest in
Oakland says that he never heard of
any social inducements being held out
to Mr. Gates When the transaction was
closed.
"Mr. Gates Ip a very shrewd eentle
man," said Mr. Laymnnoe. "and is
making some particularly good ir
ments. He is the kind of man we want
in < •akland, and he will be a desirable
acquisition to any branch of society.
He intends to reside in his fine house.
and will no doubt make other invest
ments on this side of the bay. Person
ally Mr. < 'tales is very affable and a
perfect gentleman, and we hope his
little difficulties will soon be settled."
STILL UNDER
DARK CLOUDS
L. M. Henry's Name Connected
With Rumors of
Theft.
His Disappearance Cannot Be Ac
counted For und a Search
Is Going On.
The disappearance of 1... M. H* nry. the
collector for the Spring Valley Water
Company, bocomes more mysterious n.
thc days go by. No member of his fam
ily Is aware of his whereabouts, but each
Is of the opinion that all will be well in
a few days. Just what he is up to, or
where he has been for the pa«t week is
as much a mystery to them as to the de
tectives and the members of the com
pany. Lorenzo Henry, a brother of the
mltisinK man. stated last evening that his
brother had given io Intimation of his
going, but he thoroughly believes that
not ever, a ]<i-o<>nt piece will be missed
when the books and accounts are linally
checked up.
It waa rumored that Henry had left the
city, but no proof has as yet been found.
The fact that he was a frequenter of the
race course does not seem to have any
effect on the case, aa it has been already
stated by members of the company that
tt would have been impossible for Henry
to be in the company's debt for more
than two days' collections, but aa a mat
ter "f precaution they will check up ac
counts for the past two or three years.
The Pacific Surety Company, which is
on the bond of the collector, is not
alarmed at his absence, nor has it been
asked to make pood the agreement of the
bond. It will not be known for a day
or two what will be developed by the
cheeking of the accounts which were
controlled by Henry. The most myaterl
ous portion of the affair seems to the.
public to be the secrecy maintained by
the company which has lost its collector.
Chief Clerk Booker is the only employe
who has the slightest idea of the stand
ing of affairs, and he has been sworn to
secrecy. A diligent search is still going
on for the missing man, and the rumor
which had gaineu ground that he had
made away with himself while despond
ent from drinking is ridiculed by both
friends and family.
After the accounts have be^n thorough
ly investigated if a shortage is discovered
the Pacific Surety Company will be held
to tho agreements of the bond, which
was given for OMB.
DEATH OF MRS. DOANE.
T^c Deceased Well Known as a
Pioneer Resident and for
Her Kindly flcts.
Mrs. I,ncy J. Doane, widow of the late
General Charles Doane. died at the fam
ily residence on Friday evening, after an
illness of several months. Mrs. Doane
was among the early pioneers and was
actively interested in all movements for
the welfare of the city and a supporter
of her husband In the trying times of
'56, when as Sheriff of the city he was
called upon to perform some of the most
important and trying duties that often
fall to the lot of a public officer.
Mrs. Doane's death recalls with much
vividness the trying times through which
the city then passed, and those who were
here then can well recall the tciportant
duties which fell upon the Sheriff.
General Dnanc was noted for his cool
ness, clearness and decision of character.
It is paid that to his efficient administra
tive abilities Sun Francisco was indebted
that anarchy was not permitted to run
Coming to the city from New Orleans,
he was supposed to be a Southerner, and
was approached by those of Southern
sympathies, with a view of securing him
us a leader of their cause. His loyalty
to tlie country probably served in a great
degree to hold the p cession interest in
check and to help save California to the
Union.
General Doane served the city four
years as Sheriff, was an active leader and
promoter of the State Militia in its in
fancy and was Brigadier-General of the
Second Brigade at the time of his death
in 18*52.
Mrs. Doane was Wfll known for her
many kindly nets and her deep interest
In the public welfare.
The funeral will take place from her
lnte residence, corner Hawthorne and
Harrison streets, on Tuesday next.
The Order of Golden LtnKs.
Mrs. John Pettee of this city, a lady
whose works of charity are well known,
is getting up a benefit for the Order of
Golden Links, to come off at Foresters'
Hall on the eve of Washington's birth
day, February 21. at 8 o'clock. * The Order
of Golden Links is a society composed of
hoys from 12 years of ago upward, one of
the main objects of which is to procure
situations for and help young men and
boys along in life. Some of the best tal
ent have offered their services and the
affair pr-mises to be a great success.
Choral Evensong.
The Vesper service this evening at St.
Paul's Episcopal Church, on California
street, near Steiner, will be a choral
evensong, the entire service being ren
dered by s vested choir of fifty men, wo
men and boys. The rendering of the
even- hi).' will be under the direction of
David W. Loring, founder of the Loring
Club, who has recently become the choir
master at ST. Paul's and who has spe
cially trained the choir for this evening's
service. ________________
PIONEER EVENTS
ARE RECALLED
First Scientific Test of Gold in
California Made by Dr.
Fourgeaud.
An Intore'tiniT Jubilee Letter From
the Daughter of an Eminent
First Settler.
During the Jubilee week many letters
and messages wire received from loyal
Callfornlans who could not arrange their
affairs so they could visit the State. An
interesting letter was received by Colonel
\V. H Bnaedberg from May Fourgeaud
Haskell, Wife of Captain Haskell, IT.l T . S.
A., and daughter of Dr. Victor J. Four-
I, an eminent physician of the early
times in San Francisco and a well-known
pioneer of CmiMomUL in writing from
Fort Ntobrara, Nebr., she says: "Cap
tain Hask-ll nr.'l 1 have been reading
lately with mv. h interest of the prepara
tions for the Golden Jubilee in San Fran
cisco, and it has occurred to us that as
my father and mother were among Cali
fornia's pio!.'« r« were identified with her
progress _nd growth from early days.
;.:•.<! cherished through their lives fondest
pride In her fame and fortune. I would
dearly like to recall their memories tothe
people of f 3 ring the approaching
anniversary. CM ur little family trio. that
spent so many 1 j-py years in California.
I an the sole § rvivor, and am too far
away to give ]>• : -sunnily to this matter
the attention I v. tuld like."
Mrs. Haskcll loses a copy of the
resolutions in memory of her father,
which were adopted by the California
Pioneers in January, 1575. The memorial
tribute Is signed by Arthur B. Stout,
Alexander Campbell ana Emll V. Sutter.
The fact is mentloj 1 that in the organ
ization of the Society of California Pio
neers the name of Fourgeaud stands
sixth on Its record. October 14, 1847, Just
six months after he had left his first
camping ground near Independence, Mo..
Dr. Fourgeaud landed at the foot of Clay
street a few yards below Montgomery
street. • ■'■
The resolutions adopted by the Pioneers
embrace this Interesting paragraph:
"In the latter part of March. 1848. Dr.
Fourgeaud received from General Butter
a small specimen of what was supposed
to be gold with the requesi that he should
list it. He pronoun -ed It pure metal.
This was the first gold ever scientifically
in California. They endeavored to
keep this discovery a profound secret.
but in a short time it was rumored in San
Francisco that large amounts of gold
ha<i been found in the neighborhood of
Butter's mill. These report* received little
nee until the first sacks of the pre
cious metal were brought down to pur
chase merchandise with. Two weeks af
ter this San Francisco was almost de
serted. Men. women and children rushed
to the '[placers." "
In th-- <'alifornla Star of April 1 1843
Dr. Fourgeaud published an extended ar
ticle on the "Prospects of California."
His vision of the future was almost
prophetic.
The dream of Nina, published In the
Californlan of De -ember s, 1547, was a
Vision which came to the wife of Dr
Fourgeaud. It was a drvam picture of
Pan Francisco in 1»7 , as a great metropo
lis—a city of lofty buildings, beautiful
streets and magnificent residences.
Women's Press Association.
The regular open meeting of the
Pacific Coast Women's Press Association
will be held to-morrow afternoon, at 2
o'clock, !n Shasta Hall, Native Sons'
building, Mason street, between Post and
Geary. The programme will be as fol
lows: Vocal solo, "Delight," Mrs. Grace
E. Dodge; "Reminiscence* of Travel
Abroad, with display of photograph*
Mrs. Sarah K. Reames (this talk will be
divided into several parts, viz.: "Paris"
"l'Academle Francai.«f\" "Aries " and
"Cultivation of Beet Sugar in Germany
as Compared With <"allfornia">- ode
"California" (composed by Miss' Mary
Lambert for the Golden Jubilee) Mrs
Grace E. Dodge: ylotta solo. "H Trova
tore," Miss May walker, acmmpanli'd by
Miss Hlanchn walker. The public is cor
dially invited.
To Play for the Church.
The Knaben Kapell- Huntr.irinn boys'
band, through the kindness of Gustav
Walter, will play at Calvary Presbyte
rian Church, corner Geary and Powell
streets, to-morrow evening. ThlH is
their last appearance before leaving for
the East. The first part of the pro
gramme will consist of a number of ani
mate pictures thrown on a large screen
by the means of Edison's projecting
kinetoscope, operated by James H. White
direct from Thomas A. Edison's labora
tory. Orange. N\ J. Alberto C. Moro, bass
soloist, will al«o take part In the pro
grnmmp. The entertainment is compli
mentary to the members of Calvary
Presbyterian Sabbath School.
Injured by a Dog.
Mrs. E. Johnston, an oklerly woman
employed as a servant at 2334 Pine street,
met with a painful accident yesterday
afternoon. She was carrying some par
cels in her arms and while crossing Fill
more and California Htreets a big New
foundland dog that some children were
playing wltn ran against her, knocking
her down and breaking her left leg and
hip She was taken to the Receiving
Hospital and attended to by Dr. Bunnell.
Lost H's Pocket-Book-
J. L. Lyon. 19 Montgomery street, and
who resides in Oakland, reported at po
lice headquarters yesterday afternoon
that he was the victim of a pickpocket.
He was walking along Market street
when he suddenly discovered that his
pocket book watt missing. It contained
$70 in gold and some valuable scrip.
New Commercial Company.
The Yukon Commercial Company In
corporated yesterday with a capital stock
of $25,000, all of which has been sub
scribed. The dtrectors are: Angus Mack
intosh, Elizabeth Mackintosh, Gertrude
Mackintosh. Robert J. Park. Louisa B.
Park and Kenneth Muckliuvah,
MAY SOON
BE UNITED
Two Christian Churches
With Only One
Pastor.
A Committee Now Seeking a
Site on Which to
Build.
Rev. Davis' Resignation M«y Lead to
the Formation of One
Body.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Jan. 29.
Another effort is to be made to unite
I the two Chrißtlan churches in this city.
| The resignation of Rev. Edwards Davis
I has left matters in such a condition
| that a consolidation is said to be not
only possible but desirable. There has
i been no pastor secured to preach t<>
! morrow at the Central church, and the
Rev. Mr. Davis' announcement last
Sunday night that Dr. C. EL Garrison
would occupy the pulpit has caused a
little feeling between the Central and
First churches. Dr. Garrison has no
idea of preaching in the Central church
to-morrow night, having been pre
viously invited to preach at the First
Christian Church, and he is at a ln?s
to understand why Mr. Davis should
have announced him at the Central
church.
lSlder Kennedy of the First Chris
tian Church said to-day that a large
majority of both churches would like
to see a consolidation, which would
mean one strong church instead of two
struggling ones.
"We have a few thousand dollars in
our building fund," said Mr. Ken
nedy, "and a committee is now looking
for a site on which to build. A few
months ago the two churches were
nearly united, but the plan was
blocked by the efforts of a few friends
of Mr. Davis. A majority of the First
Church and a great portion of the
Central were in favor of a union, and
since Dr. Butler has come to the First
congregation this feeling has strength
ened. So far as I can see, the only ob
jection to the union would be that the
Central Church should pay off its debts
of about $.rioo. r ioo before we join hands, as
it would not be fair to saddle that obli
gation upon our members. The Cen
tral Church claims 300 members; we
have 250, and, consequently, with a
new building and by encouraging the
spirit which seems to have come with
Dr. Butler, we could soon have a first
class, strong church, out of debt and
doing a grind work."
Dr. Garrison is said to be one of the
few men who ever made any money
out of a rolisnous publication. He did
this in the East, anil now lie has pur
chased th.' Pacific <'hristian, the organ
of the Christian church on this coast,
and will at once assume its editorship.
FOUGHT OH THE
BLIND BAGGAGE
Farm Laborer's Desperate
Struggle With a Murder
ous Robber.
Though Badly Wound«d Ha >..»v.?s
Himself From Being Hurled
From a Train.
Fperi.it TUsratch to The Call.
KKKSNO, Jan. 29.— William Helman, a
farm laborer, was brought to the County
Hospital here this afternoon in a badly
battered condition. Hfl was suffering
from a crippled shoulder, two long scalp
wounds, a gashed wrist and numerous
bruises and contusions, the result of a
fierce fight which he had with an un
known man for whom he had. acted in
the role of a benefactor. The scene of
the encounter was the top of the blind
baggage car of the southbound train, on
which the two nun had started to ride
to Bakersfield.
Helman made the acquaintance of the
stranger in this city and paid for his
lodging and meals and also bought him a
supply of cigarettes. On Thursday even
ing th-- two left for Bakerstield on the
blind baggape. When about half a mile
south of Tipton the stranjeer struck his
benefactor on the head with a coupling
link, and then struck him three or four
more blows, knocking him senseless.
Then he robbed him. taking all the
money he had— about £>.
When Helman recovered consciousness
the robber tried to knock him off the car,
and tht- two ram then engaged in a des
perate hard to hand fight. Finally the
stranger drew a razor, and Helman
climbed down on to the tender of the en
gine. When the fireman had been told
what the matter was he started after
the robber with a coal hammer, but the
fellow Jumped from the car and made
his escape.
The facts of the robbery were reported
to the officers at Uakersfleld and a de
scription was given of the ruffian. He is
described as being about 5 feet 2 inches
in height and wore a black mustache.
He had two sweaters under a dark coat.
He also wore a brownish Fedora hat.
Helman Is badly injured, and it was
feared he had suffered from concussion
of the brain. He is a well-spoken young
fellow, who had worked for about a year as
a farm hand near Hornltos, Mariposa
County.
SECRETARY CHAMBERLAIN
SPEAKS AT BIRMINGHAM.
Dwells Upon the Efforts of Foreign Nations
to Conquer Great Colonial Empires for
Exclusive Trade Preserves.
LONDON, Jan. 29.— Right Hon. Joseph
Chamberlain, Secretary of fetate for the
Colonies, speaking at Birmingham this
evening, dwelt upon the efforts of for
eign nations to conquer great colonial
empires with the intention of converting
them into exclusive trade preserves,
from which British trade should forever
be excluded. This policy, he said, is now
hanging over Great Britain like the
sword of Damocles in West Africa and
Regarding the latter country, Mr.
Chamberlain added, he was happy to be
lievo there was a general agreement of
all the great commercial powers that
Great Britain's policy was a just one.
Mrs. Mackay at Nice.
NEW YORK, Jan. 20.— A dispatch from
Nice says that Mrs. John W. Mackay has
arrived there frum Rome for the season.
L. F- Relchlings Estate.
The estate of L. F. Reichling. consist
ing of real and personal property in thia
State, has been appraised at $63,000.
Sued 015 a Contract.
Delafield. McG^vern & Co. of New York
began suit in the United States Circuit
Court yesterday against Harry A. Wil
liams, of Williams, Brown & Co., to re
cover $11,702 damages, alleged to .have
been sustained by reason of the defend
Auction Sales
CHAS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS.
Assignees' Sale of Plumbing Material.
TO-MORROW,
MONDAY Jan- ■• IS9S
At 10:30 o'clock a. m.. on Premises,
>413 Sutter St.. INr. Stockton,
We Are Instructed to Sell
The Stock and Fixtures of the above store,
occupied by H. Williams, an insolvent debtor.
Thla stock comprises a lan?e assortment of
Bath Tuhs. enameled and decorated. Ovrl and
Square IV>wls. Clneets In Cherry and Oak, all
the latest PlumbinK Implements, laree and ele-
gant assortment of Brass Ooods. Nlck"! and
Ptee! Conri«y-tiens, Castlron Pipes and Connec-
tions and a full and complete stock of every-
thing appertaining to a first-class plumbing
establishment. Desks, Office Furniture and
Partitions, Iron Sa'e. etc.. etc.
CHAS. I.EVY & CO., Auctioneers.
ant's refusal to deliver to the plaintiffs
a C4uantlty of Alaska salmon, as provided
for in a contract between the parties.
MERTENS DISCHARGED.
His Violation of Law Only Tecb-
nical and He Had Received
Great Provocation.
United States Dlstrlot Judge Do Haven
yesterday, dismissed the charge against
A. F. Mortens on motion of United States
Attorney Foote. The motion was as fol
lows:
"I hereby enter a nolle pros In the
above entitled case on the ground that
the offense Involved herein consists
In sending through the postoffloe estab
lishment a threatening postal card. The
offense is merely of a technical character,
and in the opinion of the postal authori
ties the evidence Is noj. sufficient to au
thorize a conviction."
Mertens Is a respectable merchant, deal*
ing In spices, coffees, etc., on Dnimm
street. About a year or bo ago, Mrs. D.
Keller, doing business in Bakersrteld, ob
tained some goods from Mertens' place on
credit, and subsequently removed to
Placerville. Mertens requested her sev
eral times by letter to pay the bill, and
she proceeded to harass his feeling* by
using mourning paper and ironically con
doling with him over his inability to col
lect the bill. One day he saw a dispatch
in The Call dated at l.os Angeles, an
nouncing that John Smith had "skipped
out" of that place leaving his creditors in
the lurch. He cut out the article, pasted
it on a postal card and wrote under it.
"This is a case similar to yours."
When the humorous lady recelred the
postal she became angry. She afterward
received another with a alip about anoth
er defaulting debtor, and she became en
raged, and complained to the postal au
thorities, who arrested Mertens.
Postofflce Inspectors Erwin and Munro
said yesterday that they had recommend
ed the dismissal because Mertens had
been guilty of only a technical offense, if
guilty at all, and that they did not be
lieve that any jury of business men would
convict the accused. He certainly had
great provocation.
Asthma and Bronchitis cure Guaranteed. Dr.
Gordlns Sanitarium. ">U Pine. nr. Kenrny, S F.,Cal.
Tan Must Go Back.-
T'nitfd States Commissioner TTencock
yfsterday mornlrg. after argument by
I.yman I. Mowry on behalf of the Gov
ernment, and by Ward McAllister on be
half of the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pnny. rendered his opinion to the effect
that Np Prak Tan should be deported to
China. Tan came here on a merchant's
certificate, and was afterward found en
paced in the business and catching and
drying shrimps near Burlingam- .
NEW TO-DAY.
HE SENDS IT FREE.
A Never Falling Remedy That
Makes a Man Young Again.
TRUE MANLINESS QUICKLY REPLACES THE
WORN OUT NERVES AND VIGOR.
When a man's strength and vigor is
slowly wasting away from nervous
weakness, the mental forebodings are
I ten times worse than the most severe
pain; There is no let up to the mental ■
suffering day or night. For years the
writer rolled and tossed on the.troubled
sea of Nervous Debility, Emissions,
Lame Back and the various other
troubles of Sexual Weakness, until it
: was a question whether he had not I
better take a dose of poison and thus j
; end all his troubles. But providential !
] inspiration came to his aid In the shape !
of a combination of medicines that
1 completely restored his general health
' and enlarged his weak, emaciated
parts to natural . size and vigor, and
he now declares that any man, young
i or old, who. will- take the trouble to
send his name and address may have
Free full particulars of this wonderful
home treatment which quickly restored
I me to my full strength and vigor of
! youth. Now, when I say free. I mean
': absolutely without cost, because I want
every weakened man to get the benefit
of my experience.
There are thousands of men suffering
the mental tortures of weakened man-
i hood who would be cured at once could i
they but get such. a remedy as the one :
that cured me. , Send for it. and learn |
that there are a few things on earth,
although they cost nothing to get, are \
worth a fortune to some men, arfd i
mean a lifetime of happiness to most
of us. Write to Thomas Slater, 178 ]
; Masonic Temple. Kalamazoo, Mich.;
and the lnfarniation will be mailed in a
plain, sealed fcvelope.
An Instrument of Torture.
• la a truss made on the plan of the above, with
a heavy steel or iron hand, as you well know
if you have been in the habit of wearing one.
Throw it away. .
Why will you continue wearing such an in-
strument of torture when we can furnish you
a most efficient truss without any Iron hoops
or steel springs about it, and one which may
be worn with ease and comfort NIGHT and
> DAY?*
As for CURES. "DR. PIERCE f S PATENT
MAGNETIC ELASTIC • TRUSS" has. accom-
plished THOUSANDS'. It- is an ELECTRIC
truss; the only genuine and successful one ever
Invented and has been sold for the past
1 TWKNTT-TWO years. If ruptured it will pay
) you to investigate at once. Consultation free.
, Trusses fitted without extra charge. .. Call, or
j send 2c in stamps for our New Book on Rup-
' j Vure. This book j also describes our New Ap-
[ | pllcnces for ■ Piles, Varicose Veins, etc. Ad-
, dress:
1 MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS COMPANY,
• 704 Sacramento «t.. cor. Kearnv. San Francisco.
[ OCEAN TRAVEL.
PHVSlßilfl The S. 8. ALAMEDA
ivnQliSf * alls vla Honolulu
ifrnSHII and AUCKLAND for
& >. SYDNEY, - Thursday.
©jX_.-L!.r\ February 3. at 2p. m.
>JWm < vUr)J S. S. AUSTRALIA,
Q>»&01H-MHM 01 " HONOLULU only.
lOmßuTU** Thursday. February
\vill^snvcj . 17 at 2 p m Speclal
, party rates.-- - ■ ■ •••
Line to COOLGAKDIE. Australia, and CAPE
3 TOWN, South Africa. : • -•• ..
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
■ 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— Market st., Ban Francisco.
; STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St., at 6
W3HW> p. m. Daily. ■Wrtu'Lji'itfkj
FREIGHT RtCKIVU' Of TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodation* reserved by telephone.
v The only line selling through tickets and (It.
t in* through freight rate* to all point* oo th»
. Valley Railroad. —
STEAMERS:
" T. C. WALKER. J. D. PETERS.
i* MARY OARRATT. CITY OF STOCKTON.
Telephone JUuln 805 CaJ. Nay. and Imps. Ca.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
225 Tehama St., near Third.
THURSDAY.
Thursday February 3, 1597,
At 10 o'clock a. m.
The Greatest Sale of Trotting Horses,
CAMPAIGXERS, ROADSTERS AND DOUBLH
TEAMS.
INTRUDING:
AUrreg-or. Mi. hy stcinway; PU-tatus. 2:21. by
Keg Wilke.s; Fanadma. 2:19'j.. by Eros; Pascal,
...IV. by Victor; Rayanette, 2:27. by Anteeo;
? rV; S*?* 0 - 2-92 '- 9 - b >' Malta: Egyptian Prince,
tiy M Mahdl, and colts and fillies by Direct,
o . o Prin^'P- Hamhletonian Wilkes, Prince
Red Silver Bow. Sidney, Alex Button. Sable
wilK-s and other preat sires.
The best lot of carefully selected horses ever
Horses at yard on Tuesday. Catalogues
ready. Address ' ....
WILLIAM G..LAYNO & CO..
Livestock Auctioneers. 313 Bush st. .
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
• NEW -WESTERN HOTEL.
5 Hatch, Cal - s RunseU, Los Angles
H E Flnney, Batata J McDonnell. Seattle
J Kelly. Rio Vista C W Schmidt, Oregon
• ; Reed. Stockton i 13 Parsons. Seattle
J W Kelly &w, mi Mlps X Kaufman. CaJ
J Hamilton. San Jose Mi»« E Clark. • ':)'
C Mi<nahan, Cal Mrs GLetnun. Cal
M Peterson. Vallejo B F Flint, Portland
A Hanson. Cal E H Hills. Saeto
C Jacobson. Crescnt Cv R Smith. OM
P J Ward, Salt LakeC'
LICK HOUSE
J J Seymour, Fresno rj d Hill A w.WlntCk
R. Karcar, Vacaville .1 W Conant, Redding
J M Wllmans. NewmA D Oassaway, Mag-
C \\ Neal. Alamcria j nolia Mine
A X Whltten.S:i Jose.W M keeper Cal
C a Murphy, Cal C Kerrins & v.-.Mrpsa
C H Coulter. Cal I Mrs C Bryan, Marpsg
H C Duisenbury. Okld M'ss F Turner, M»n>s
S.Parker, Ookland (Mrs j Corcoran, Marp
E F Barnhar,d, Preen C A Beach <>;• w.S Jse
N Bonnilo & w,T, Anx F }• Cram. Chicago
Miss N* Mt-GauKhey.l.- a R Zabriskje N T
s Angeles |II H Miller, Uaho
J Simpson, Eureka '
BALDWIN HOTEL.
WII Miller, Ukiah IB Malnhall. N V
•T C Ileald.' Nashville G C Branch & w.Petl
Dr J McMahon, S Jm Mr &-Mrs Bowrn.S ,Ts«
G lligllavacca, Napa G C Foster .i \r,S Js»
L E Mlnner. Napa O Myers. Antioch
Col H Evans, Heynim F C Settler. Day!
P Ball. San Jose II W ■llcKean, Sacto
B P Barker. Livermre ll' Lion, San Jose
Miss C Swank. L Ang W H Young. Rta Rof»
Mi.-* Q c-.iibert. L An C H Stewart.Los An*
N Bonifleld. Los An- H Chaboyd: Oakwood
Mrs L Bonifleld.L An J Monton. Port Costa
Miss N McGaughey.La W D Davis, Pinole
Angeles i- i^ Murphy, Vhllivlel
R c Long. Chicago | Mrs Brown. San Jn=e
Mrs Fruellender. Chcg,W Drown & w.AngCp
J R Boys, Keswlck - • Peatery C*l
G T Proloekß, Kesn-ck J- A Braphy, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs E Runyon. N J .1 li McDonald, Chlcgo
Mrs ]» Rue, Sta Rosa J C CafHn, N v
A .« Alyfred, x y <■ M Everett. Rochster
C C McCrlllis, N V Mrs Everett. Rochestr
F L Martlnetti. Cal S X Abrams, X V
F H Green, S Rafael Mrs S R Abrams. N V
« L Hardlson. S Paul C Cadwalder, N V
A B Butler, Fresno Mrs C Cadwaldfr. X V
F W Bryant, Grnd Rp X Oilman. Brown. Rdo
Mrs a B Butler. Fresno H D Campbell, Keswk
Mrs F Bryant. Grdßpdiß W Truman, Keswck
J D Sproul, Chic. (Mrs J D Honevman.Ks
0 "W San born. Astoria |J W Bennie, Keswlck
H J Metzler. Yokohma L M Davis, London
W F Montgomery, LA nL "W Coleman, Kaswck
F H Green, Syracuse i H B Weller. Keswick
E C Voorhies, Sutr Ck It Taylor, Keswlek
J A Clark. N V II Poindeter. Palo Alto
c c Perkins, Rodeo A D MacPherson, Chcg
G H Clarke, Chicago i
GRAND HOTEL.
H F Kron & w, S Cruzlß R Huge, Portland
X L Hawk, Sacto c, D Cummings, B C
Mrs David. Sacto M Hobb!ns&w. • S Jose
C A Swisler. Placervl II Troy. Seattle
XV 3 Smith. CourtlandlA A Miller. Ci 1"
D Hart. S Jose D Gil more. HolHster
M T Lawrence. Auburr. Mrs Nelson, Sacto
T J Nichols. Auburn . W Harris. Mole Hill
G E Waggoner & t, C Falck, WoodviUe
Auburn H Campbell&w, Oakld
Miss Gloßsop, Auburn W D Stewart Nevada
L O Kiley, S Joe* DC Radcllff. Jackson
E Holbrooke, H Jose Miss Chandler. Mt V*
W T Craig, Stockton J M Day» L Ang
E 15 Edson, Gazelle C D . Ham&w, Chicago
J C Donne. Berkeley A Vanderhoof, Sonora
T Dwyer. Berkeley Miss Cutler, Stockton
F .T Hombly, S Jose W C Hilbert, w & a,
J S Walker, Gaxeile : S Jose
1 Townsend. Sacto X Harlon. Marysville
Mrs Butterfield. Portld <> E Soule. Cal
D Flanlgan, Eureka J Krick. Cal
T W Ricks, Han ford, W H Reed, Cleveland
J S Enxabaugh, Hanfd W Newhall, Chicago
R W Coison, L Ang C .1 Co*, Sacto
T II Wallis, Sacto s Newell, Stockton
W n Turner. Seattle A Smith, Stockton
L Burrs, Seattle Miss Smith, Stockton
W H "Watts, C'prten IF C Gibbons, Stockton
OCEAN TEAVEL
i ■ ' ■* ' ■ p ■"■* " ~*
i
The splendid ship I^ucile. In tow of the tug.
Fearless, will leave San Francisco February 3
for Dyea and Skapuay. ■ Speak quick for space.
Agent, 123 California St., room 13. 
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf /tSS«
San Francisco, as follows: £"aß£
For ports In Alaska. 9 a. m.. .'-in. 1. 6. 11. It
tl, 26, SI. and every fifth d.iv thereafter. ■
For Victoria, Vancouver il'.. C.). Port Town-
; send, Seattle, Tacoma, rvf-.-v. Ar.arortes anil
, New Whatcom (Bellln«;hain !"ay. Wash.), $
i a. m., Jan. 1. 6. 11. 3«. 2:. ?-". 31. ami every
i fifth day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver
with C. P. Ry.. at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at
i Seattle with Great Northern Ry., and com-
pany's steamer for Alaska.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Po-
mona. 2 p. m.. Jan. ]. 5, 10. 14, IS. 22. 26. SI.
Feb. 4. 8. 12. 18. SO. 25, 29.
For Santa Cruz, Mont*rev. San Simeon. Ca-
1 yucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavi-
ota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San
Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles> and
Newport. 9 a.m.. .lan. 1, 5, 9. 13. 17. 21. 25. *9.
and ev«ry fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, *toppinft only nt Port H<>r-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Anireles nnd Redondo il>r>s Amr»l»s>. 11
a. m.. Jan. 3, 7. 11, 15, 19. 23. 27, 81. and every
fourth day thereafter. _ .
For Ensenada. Masrdaler.a Bay. San Jose del
Caho. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*. ; Santa Ho-
ealla and Guaymas (Mex.>. 10 a. m., Jan. 6 ana
' Id of each month thereafter.
Th» Company reserves the right tn ch«Ti«r»
' without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
»r><l ■*«"« of .Fnl'l"*".
TICKET OFFICE— Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery st. ■ «
QOODALL. PERKINO & CO . Gen. A|rt».
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DTSPATCH FAST STEAMERS T<"»
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CiDp 12 First Class Including ' Berth
rAHC .c 8 Second Class and Mcal *
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Jan. 23, Feb. 2. 12. 2J
I Columbia Jan. 28, Feb. 7. 17, 27
I Through tickets and through baggage to all
i Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
• 630 Market street.
GOODALU PERKINS & CO., : . ;','
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generale Transatlantiqus.
, French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North #-—->-
River, foot of : orton st. Travelers <5"JiTLi>
I by this line avoid both transit by ■*««<*»»
! English railway and the dU^oiiifort of. crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
i Alexandria. Egypt, via l">ris, first class ,1160.
second class $118.
LA BRETAGNE .....December 11. 10 a. ra.
LA GASCOGNE.... December IS, 10 a. m.
LA NORMAN DIE December 35. 10 a. in.
LA CHAMPAGNE .January 1, 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE January 8, 10 a. n>
For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent,
No. S. Bowling Green, New Tor*.
J. F. FtTGAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
aT«., San Francisco. ' • - ■■ ■'; • " . •
For San Jose, los Gatos & Santa Cruz
Steamer Alvlso loaves Pier 1 daily (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m.; Alvlso daily (Saturdays
exceptcd) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alvlso. Ma:
to San Jose. 75c. - Clay street. Pier 1. 41 North
First street. San Jose.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO,
Steamer " Monticello" : '
Will lie up to receive new boiler and general
, . overhauling on February 1, and resume her
; route on March L HATCH BRC*»
1516
LEADERS
EXPOSE A
SCHEME
Plan to Gain Posses
sion of Democratic
Works Defeated.
A Designing Bourbon
Element Sought to Put
White in a Hole.
Plain Talk From Governor
Budd and W. W. Foote in
a Caucus of the Party.
SACRAMENTO HANDICAP.
W. H. Mills Is Making H. M. La Rue's
Fight for Governor to the Ad
vantage of Capital.
The Democratic State Central Com
mittee met at the California Hotel yes
terday morning, and those who expect
ed to see a big •" were disappointed.
Borne thought that all of the members
who did not pay the 530 assessment
levied durii.g the last campaign would
be dropped from the roll for good, but
more pacitic measures were adopted.
Out of the list of fifty-three delin
quents, forty-seven were reinstated,
and the sinning six, who reside here
and are generally found rallying around
the standard of sub-boss Lanigan, were
given until the next meeting to repent
or, in the words of the resolutions
adopted, "show cause" why they failed
to contribute toward the cause of
Bryan and silver.
When Chairman Alford called the
meeting to order, he said that it would
be the duty of the committee to fill
fifty-three vacancies caused by the
dropping of that number of members,
because of their neglect to respond to
a call for financial aid during the last
campaign. "We found ourselves with
out money to make a fight,"' said Al
ford, "and it was suggested by the ex
ecutive committee that each member
of the State Central Committee be as
sessed (30 to defray the expenses of
battle. The members were not asked
to contribute that sum from their own
purses. The right was given them to
collect the money from the districts
they represented. Fifty-three of them
failed to respond, and they were noti
fied that unless they did so their names
would be dropped from the roll. It is
for the purpose of filling the vacancies
so created that the meeting was called
to-day."
Gavin McNab, in reply to the state
ment of the chairman, said that he had
a set of resolutions to introduce that
would, in his opinion, satisfy every
member of the committee. He then read
a Bet ( f resolutions providing for the
reinstatement of forty-seven of the de
linquent members, because of the ser
vice rendered by them to the party dur
ing the campaign.
W. W. Foote moved the adoption of
the resolutions, and they were carried
without a dissenting vote
The instant adoption of this resolu
tion marked the defeat of the Exam
iner and E. L. Fitzgerald, Labor Com
missioner, but It is in place now to
state th^ inside fa<ts concerning
the conspiracy that was hatched l>y
■which the Examiner hoped to get con
trol of the Democratic State organiza
tion and use it to punish Senator White
and help annexation.
The whole plan to drop fifty-three
members from the committee was put
up by the Examiner and Fitzgerald.
They thought the committee, with the
vacancies filled by appointment of
their own suggestion, would readily
adopt a resolution favoring annexation
of Hawaii. Leading Democrats of
the State got an inkling of what was
g-oing on and therefore decided to
checkmate the game. Friday morn
ing last a caucus of some of thf» lead
ers, among them Governor Budd, W
TV. Foote, W. H. Alford, Frank Gould
and A. Caminetti, was held to consider
the subject. At this meeting Gover
nor Budd let daylight Into the conspir
acy and put down his foot firmly
against the scheme to drop the delin
quent members. In stating the facts
he did not mince words, but went
straight to the mark, declaring that
NEW TO-DAY.
When the appetite fails there is no use in '
trying to tempt the palate with delicate food. I
No matter how good and well-cooked and '
'appetizing" the food may be, it cannot,
give any nourishment unless the stomach is I
able to digest it. Nature indicates the state |
of the constitution by the loss of appetite j
This is an unfailing indicator. It -shows !
that something is fundamentally wrong I
with the nutritive functions.
The only true natural relief must be as
searching and fundamental as the trouble it
aims to overcome. It is the thorough deep- I
searching character of Dr. Pierces Golden '
Medical Discovery, which causes the mar-
velous efficacy in all bilious and digestiv
difficulties. It creates that healthful vitality I
of the entire digestive and nutritive organ !
ism which produces both the natural desire j
for food and the organic capacity to assimi- !
late and transform it into nourishing, reviv-
ifying blood and healthy tissue. It gives
appetite, digestion and sound sleep, and
builds up solid muscular strength and
vital nerve - energy.
H. H. Thompson. Esq.. of P. O. Box 4. Kipple
Blair Co.. Penn'a. writes: "I had been troubled
with extreme vomiting in mamer season, al-
ways after eating; had to be very careful at times
to get anything to stay on my stomach at all; had
been taking other medicines, but without effect.
I heard a friend speak of Dr. Pierce* Golden
Medical Discovery, and thought I would give it a
trial. I used about five bottles of it and think it
is the only medicine that did me any pood as I
have a splendid appetite now. and afn uot using
any medicine at all and don t thiuk I need auv
more.'"
A man who is suffering from the evil
effects of constipation doesn't feel like
work, and can't even enjoy his leisure
hours. Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets are a
sure, swift, safe, and permanent cure for
constipation. They are tiny, sugar coated
granules. One little "Pellet" is a gentle
laxative, and two a mild cathartic. They
never gripe Dishonest druggists try to
get you to take a substitute for the sake
Hi the added urofit
the proposed removal of committee
men was a scheme concocted by a cer
tain designing element In the party to
put Senator White in a hole and fur
ther the plans of annexation.
The Governor was ably sustained by
W. W. Foote, who declared that the
Democratic party aa an organization
had pronounced against annexation.
He asserted that nothing but party
misfortune and demoralization would
follow if the State Central Committee
should declare In favor of the annexa
tion scheme and seek to instruct Sen
ator White to change his position on
the question. Other speakers addressed
the caucus in the same spirit of resist
ance to the Examiner-Fitzgerald pro
gramme.
When the conspirators heard of the
meeting and perceived that the real
motive of the proposition to remove
committeemen was understood by the
party leaders, and would soon be made
known to everybody interested, they
began to hedge. The pressure to re
move members was slackened and
finally withdrawn. The Examiner
began to throw dust in the eyes of the
public and cry "Rainey. The big list
of fifty-three members plated for dis
placement was reduced to six follow
ers of Lanigan, who were pimply sus
pended and cited to show cause why
they should not be removed. There is
not a single follower of Rainey on the
list of suspended. As a co!d (act,
Rainey never cut any figure in the cas.>.
The mention of his name was an after
thought or ruse of the Examiner to di
vert suspicion from its scheme to get
possession of the works.
The outcome is one of the Examiner's
beautiful victories, in which it lost ev
erything in sight, and was not able to
control a single vote in the State Cen
tral committee. The programme
mapped out by Governor Budd and
other Democratic leaders in thc> cau
cus was not deviated from in the com
mittee.
The people erf Sacramento seem to be
surprised that steps wore not taken by
the State Central Committee of the
Democratic party to designate that city
as the place for holding the next State
convention of the party. This is the
n the subject was deferred: It
has come directly to the knowledge of
leading Democrats that W. H. Mills of
the Southern Pacific is making, through
C. F. Montgomery and other agents,
an active canvass to secure the nomi
motlon of 11. M. La Rue for Governor.
Men of political sense and keen intelli
gence saw at a glance that the selec
tion of Sacramento as the place for
holding the convention would ot- a gun
Bred by the committee in the interest
of Mills and La Rue. and bo it was wise
ly determined to defer the question of
selection until another time. 'The ad
vantages of Sacramento as a conven
tion city were appreciated by the com
mittee, but the candidacy of La Hue
backed by William 11. Mills, handi
capped the town.
Frank Gould of Stockton next intro
duced a resolution authorizing the
chairman to appoint a committee of
five to look after the interests of the
party in the event of the Stratton pri
mary law being upheld by the Supreme
Court. There was no objection raised
and the resolution was unanimously
adopted.
Gould next introduced another reso
lution, empowering the chairman to
appoint a committee of seven to attend
to the organization ( ,f the party
throughout the State He said that it
was the opinion of many leading Dem
ocrats that such a committee should be
appointed, so that the work of organ
ization would be well in hand b. i-., r .
the meeting of the State Convention.
W. I. Brobeck opposed the appoint
ment of the committee. He said that
he did not believe in attempting to per
petuate a committee. "When the next
State convention meets," said he "a
new State central committee will b^
elected to succeed this committee. Thar
committee can select from its body a
sub-committee to look after the mat
ters contemplated by the resolution. I
do not believe that the present com
mittee should adot)t any such meas
ure."
Kinney of Los Angeles supported the
resolution in a lengthy speech. He be
lieved that the committee «hould i
pointed to look after the party Inter
est before the State convention. "Be
fore the convention meets." said he. "we
can have the State thoroughly organ
ized and the party in a position to at
once continue the Avork of the conven
tion."
Byron Ball of Tolo paid that he fa
vored the resolution If the members of
the committee were appointed from the
State central committee.
<;.>u!d replied that h»- had no objec
tion to an amendment of that nature
and the resolution, as amended, was
adopted.
Ex-Congressman Camlnetti then
moved that the State central commit
tee hereafter meet monthly.
After a short debate it' was decided
to hold the monthly meptings. but not
before the Supreme Court passes <> n thr
question the validity of the new pri
mary law.
The committee then adjourned to
meet at the call of jhe chair.
The members not included in the res
olution of reinstatement and who have
been cited to "show cause" arc- T. W
Doyle, Thomas E. Scully, Chfirl^s Wit
' beck, E. P. Mogan, J. J. Byrne and
John J. Lynch.
Chairman Alford stated after the
meeting that It would probably be two
weeks before he would announce th»
; committee to look after the organiza
| tiftn of the party. "It is a very Impor
tant committee." said he, "and I want
J to pick frut the best men on the State
j committee and thr,pp T know will at-
I tend to the duty intrusted to them."
MIT WITH A SWORD.
James Lucy, a Saloonkeeper,
Charged With Assault With
a Deadly Weapor).
Charles E. Durning, m% Harriet street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Conlan's
court yesterday for the arrest of James
Lucy, a saloonkeeper at 819 Bryant street
on a charge of assault with a deadly
weapon. He stated that he was in a
saloon on Harriet and Brannan streets
Friday night playing solitaire, when Lucy
came In and using an offensive expression
mado a Mow at him with a Japanese
sword. He dodged, but received a slight
cut on the head.
Lvc £ T a ? a T res t*a'- and his version of
the affair is that a friend presented him
with a Japanese sword Friday and he
went to tne saloon to show it to- some
friends. Burning and he had not been
friends, as Durning owed him mom-, and
when he asked him for it he used a' vile
expression. Lucy struck him with his
fist. He denied using the sword. He was
released on bonds.
Prlngle Brothers Insolvent.
Trlngle Brothers, shoe dealers, 1023' i
Market street, have been declared insolv
ent. The firm has been in financial dlffl- !
culty but a short time, and as its liabili- ,
ties are not large and are more than
equaled by the assets in its possession it !
is thought that its affairs will soon be
adjusted. The liabilities of the firm
which consist of contracts and outstand- '
Ing promissory notes, are scheduled at i
$1874 96. and its assets, a stock of sho.-s
and fixtures at 1023 Market street are
valued at $2000.
Sod Oil Dutiable.
Collector of the. Port Jackson has been
notified by the Treasury Department to
classify sod oil for dressing or stuffing
leather as degras. and to collect duty on
It at the rate of half it cent a pound.
New Alaska Corporation.
Articles of incorporation of the Alaska
and Arctic Mining Company were filed
yesterday. Tho directors are Llppman
Sachs, Jay Beach. F. D. McCain, Joseph
Beach and John B. White,
. Go to O'Brien & Sons' for modem style,
high grade Surreys, Phaetons and Bug
gies at low prices. Corner Golden Gate
avenue and Polk street. •
THE SA>* FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JAXI'ARV 30, 189 S.
GOLDEN HOPES DASHED.
Carrie Behr, the Actress, Who Would to Klondike Go.
The golden Aurora bnrealls of the Klondike has lured, with Its flit
tering rays, all sorts and conditions of people from th» comforts of civili
zation to the icy hardships of the north. The vessels bound for that des
olate region have- carried in their complement of passengers business men
and adventurers, prize fighters and parsons, millionaires and bums, corre
spondents and saloon-keepers, nuns and Gussle La More, but the first ac
tress to become dazzled by the splendor of those Alaskan beams that
stretch around the world is Carrie Behr, at present playing with "The Girl
From Paris" Company at ih<> Baldwin.
A day or bo ago. so th^ story runs, Mr. "Warmington. manager of the
company, upon opening his morning mall brought to light a bill from one
of the city's large outfitting establishments. It was made <ut in the name
of the company and called for a Klondike outfit of much elaboration. An
immediate investigation was commenced, which shortly resulted in the ap
pearance of the charming Carrie, who coolly informed her employer that
she had come to the conclusion that there was more money to be made on
the Yukon than on the stage, and consequently she Intended going there.
The scene which followed this announcement is said to hav<- hf>en one in
which the principal features were an angry man and a tearful woman
grouped around the shadow of a broken contract, with a civil suit for dam
ages in the background.
Mr. Warmington when spoken to on the subject said: "I had not the
slightest suspicion of Miss iu>hr's Intentions until I received this bill. I
looked at It and wondered which member of my company intended sur-
I rising me by appearing in a new role, and sent for my property man to
see by whose orders the purchase had been made. He told me he knew
no more of the affair than I did. I finally went to the place where the
goods had been bought and found that Miss P.>-hr was th* 1 young lady who
had been investing in fur pants, dogskin bonnets and other things equally
useful on the northern circuit. I called her to account and was told that
she intended going to Alaska, as she had saved about M 0.90 md mw no
reason why she should not invest it In good paying mining properties in
the north.
"I explained to her that there was a written reason, commonly called a
contract. In my possession, and that If she attempt* d t<> i ike any trip
she would find it rather hard to get away without pas- g through a
court. After some trouble she took a reasonable view of the matter, so
the affair ended."
'No, this is no advertising dodge." said Miss Behl-"a= she sat discuss
ing an oyster stew after the performance, through the f am of which her
beauty shone with the dim splendor of a star in the milky way. "I have
friends in the far north, and I have money h-r.-. I wanted to go up and
try to turn over some of my capital and make eno-ierh to allow me to re
tire. I realize that I might hav^ been disappointed in my mining ventures;
but it would go hard if I did not get back with more than I took up.
"If the worst came to the worst, well, Swiftwater Kill is not the only
nugget in the diggin's— see.'
"I don't care to n>.-ak about my trouble with Mr. Warmlngton; he Is
a tyrant to dash the only really good chance I ever had and I don't be
lieve he would have done it if that miserable Ward, our advance agent, had
not filled his head with the horrors of a broken contract and got him to
threaten me with th^ whole of th<- police department However, they need
not crow over their victory, for I may fool them yet. "
With which comforting reflection Miss Behr again vanished behind
the mists of her stew.
CAPTAIN EDE'S
LATEST DEAL
Pays $130,000 for More
of Market- Street
Property.
It Is Situated Between Barron
Estate Parcels, Near
Powell.
This City, He Thinks, Has a Future.
A. M. Speck 4 Co. Were the
Brokers.
Captain William Ede is at it again.
The captain is a capitalist too well
known to need any pedigree airing.
But "at It again," to quote the ex
pression of a local realty broker,
means investing in more real estate.
In fact that seems to haw developed
into a hobby with the capitalist, to
the long list of purchases already
made by him being added a week or
tw r o ago that of the Auzerais property
on the corner of Powell and Ellis
streets.
Now comes another investment.
Yesterday, through his brokers. A. M.
Speck & Co.* Ede consummated a deal
by which he pays $150,000 for property
on Market street, near Powell. It was
a pure cash transaction and the seller
was Mrs. Jane Reilly.
The property is situated at 101 C
Market street, 161:4% feet west of
Powell, on the northwest lint, and
extends through to Eddy street. The
Market street frontage is 28:4 feet
and the frontage on Eddy street is
23 feet. The property lies between
the gore corner of the Barron estate
and a trapezoidal piece of the same
estate.
In addition to this and the Auzerais
property mentioned in the foregoing.
Captain Ede possesses valuable prop
erty on Market street near the Phelan
building and other smaller landed
interests throughout the city. He is
what may be termed a "speedy"
buyer, Speck & Co. taking only three
days' time to consummate the Auzer
ais deal, the price in that instance
being $152, 000, while the latter pur
chase was made in a few days.
The capitalist used to invest his
money in bonds and mortgages, but
finally reached the conclusion that this
city has a future and that the safest
and best paying investments he could
make, would be In real estate, hence
his late big purchase.
ESCAPED FROM
A PADDED CELL
The Stranrje Disappear
ance of an Insane
Patient
Daniel Doherty Preferred Lib
erty to Being Sent to the
Agnews Asylum.
How He Mannged to Get Out of Hi*
Cell in the Receiving Hospital
Is a Puzzle.
The escape of an Insane patient from
a padded rel! in the Receiving Hospital
yesterday is shrouded in mystery, and
. is causing the attaches of the hospital
i and the Sheriff's deputies no end of
worry and surprise.
Daniel" Doherty. a young man living
at 1917 McAllister street, is a victim of
the morphine habit to such an extent
as to make him irresponsible for his
actions. He was arrested Friday night
, on the complaint of his brother on a
i charge of insanity, and locked up in a
padded cell in the hospital.
Yesterday morning he was taken be
fore the Insanity Commissioners and
i committed to the Agnews asylum. Two
deputy Sheriffs took him back to the
padded cell, and it was their intention
to take him and another patient to the
asylum in the afternoon.
i When the deputies went to the cell
about 2 o'clock, to their surprise they
found it empty. A search was made,
but no trace of Doherty could be found.
No one had seen him leave the hospital,
and it dawned upon them that he had
made his escape, preferring freedom'
to being confined in an asylum.
How he succeeded In getting out of
the cell was a mystery. The deputies
were sure that they locked the padlock
on the door, but when they examined
it it was unlocked. No one had visited
the cell after the deputies had. as they
thought, locked it. There were only
two conclusions to arrive at— either
that the deputies were mistaken in
I thinking they had turned the key in
the padlock or that Doherty had some
friend who secretly got into the hos
pital and opened the padlock with a
false key.
It is only a Week ago since Martin
Cavin, another insane patient, made
his escape from the hospital, but after
sleeping all night in a freightcar he
thought the padded cell preferable, and
next morning surrendered himself.
ATTEMPTED
TO MURDER
AND ROB
Four Men Are Found
Looting a Cigar-
Store.
J. Falck Attacked and His
Property Packed for
Transportation.
•
The Front Door Torn From the
Casing and the Shelves
Destroyed.
ESCAPED IN THE CROWD.
Detectives Put On the Case, but No
Arrests Have as Yet Been
Made.
One of the most daring attempts at
robbery, according to the police the
ory, ever brought to their attention
took place early yesterday morning.
Four men, whose descriptions have been
given to the police, entered the cigar
store of J. Falck at 113 Second street
about 6 o"clock, and had it not been
for the arrival of the proprietor the
store would have been completely loot
ed, as the men had packed up valua
ble pipes, tobaccos and cigars near the
door preparatory to their departure.
When Falck arrived at the door of
his establishment he noticed nothing
wrong, but on putting the key in the
lock, the whole door, which is of heavy
glass, fell inside on top of the case
which is placed in the center of the
store. Immediately two men who
were standing on the sidewalk, started
to run down Second street, and two
others, who had been operating Inside,
jumped to their feet and struck a
heavy blow at Falck. with a Mack
jack, as he stepped back.. When the
door fell in Falck realized that some
thing was wrong and was consequent
ly on his guard, and to this fact he be
lieves he owes his l!f*\ or at least es
cape from severe injuries.
As the men rushed past him Into the
street, the proprietor, who is an old
man, raised an alarm and immediately
the store was crowded with people who
were not aware of what had happened.
In the confusion th^ burglars made
their escape, carrying with them in
their por-kets several dollars' worth of
pipes aivl cigar-holders. When the
excitement subsided an examination of
th<- premise* brought to light the fact
that the whole door casing had been
torn out with a sharp tool, and after
the men had entered the store the door
was propped up in its original posi
tion.
The case was reported to the South
ern station and afterward to the Chief
of Police, and detectives were detailed
on the case, but bo far have beea una
ble to get any clew to the burglars,
although it is thought the men are old
"timers." The burglary was ex
ceedingly daring as a noise must have
been made while tearing down the
door and as the people were constant
ly passing on their way to business it
is thought remarkable that the men
were not discovered before the proprie
tor arrived.
All suspicious characters are closely
questioned by the detectives on the
case, and it is supposed the men who
committed th*» burglary are well known
and will soon be under arrest. Dur
ing" thp day two men who were ap
parently watchinp: the store were taken
aside and questioned, but they were
again released. All efforts will be
made to capture the men who at
tempted robbery and possibly murder.
KING OF SEERS.
A Man of Extraordinary Powers— Your
Life an Open Book to Him.
With an ordinary marble-top table, a
few diagrams of the planets, a pad of or
dinary scratch paper. Dr. Reed will tell
you anything you may ask. Your past
life, your future, business troubles, suc
cess in love, in fact everything is an open
book to him.
A Call reporter who has seen much of
so-called clalrvoyancy, mind-reading and
palmistry in the course of ::<-wspaper
work, was Riven a test yesterday. From
a doubter, a skeptic, who did not believe
in the occult mysticism, he came from
the presence of Dr. Reed a believer that
there is at least one man in the world
who has reached that high plane of in
tellectuality, and that he Is in some way
in touch with the powers that govern us.
If all was told of the powers of Dr.
Reed, the majority of people would not
believe it— call it a fake— an advertise
ment, and all that sort of thing, and to
those one can but say: See Dr. Reed for
yourselves.
Parlors have been fitted at 236 Sutter,
Parlor 1, where ladies and gentleman can
po without fear. A lady attendant at
tends to the wants of patrons. Skeptics
and unbelievers are the people Dr. Reed
would have give a test of -his occult
power. His strength of perception is
simply marvelous. •
Reunion of the Churches.
The series of lunches to be given under
the auspices of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association next Tuesday, "Wednes
day, Thursday and Friday at their old
building, 232 Sutter street, will serve as
a reunion of all the city churches, as the
days have been divided among the de
nominations as follows: Tuesday, Presby
terian; "Wednesday, Congregational and
•Baptist; Thursday. Methodist; Friday,
Episcopal, Christian and German
churches. The ladies' committee of one
hundred will be glad to meet all their
friends and friends of the institution at
lunch on these days. The lunch hours
will be from 11 Co 2 o'clock each day.
Threats to Kill-
Mrs. Florence Schafer was arrested
yesterday afternoon on a warrant charg
ing her with threats to kill. The com
plaining witness is Mrs. Margaret Niles,
the proprietress of a lodging house at 11
Eddy street. Mrs. Schafer, when taken
to the City Prison, was in a hysterical
condition. She said that she missed a
pair of diamond earrings from her room
Friday night and when she spoke to the
landlady about it yesterday morning
they had some words and the landlady
threw her effects into the hallway She
denied using any threats.
Y. M. C A Forty-Fifth Anniversary.
This afternoon the San Francisco Young
Men's Christian Association will cele
brate Its forty-fifth anniversary with
public exercises in their auditorium. Ma
son and Ellis streets. Edward Coleman
presiding. The anniversary address Will
be delivered by Dr. David Starr Jordan
president of Stanford University, his sub
ject being "The Strength of Being
Clean." The Harmony Choral Club of
forty-five members under the direction
of Robert Lloyd will furnish special
music for the occasion.
One Dose Will Stop a Cou£h.
Dr. Parkers Cough Cure never fails
try it; 25c For sale by all druggists. •
NEW TO-DAY. -* ■.■.,..-.-,......".' ; ; M ', ; lfW ,
UNDERWEAR
—AND—
HOSIERY!
Special Offering!
75 dozen Ladies' Ribbed Merino Vests and
Drawers, all sizes— . . ;
$ImOO EACH.
115 dozen Gents' Shetland Wool Vests and
. : Drawers, extra heavy duality and all pure
wool— ■ ■ •- "
55/* SO EACH.
; ,:In • • '
250 dozen Ladies' Extra Quality Full-fashioned
Hose, warranted fast black, all sizes—
$1.50 BOX.
Worth $2.50 bcx. 6 pairs in a box.
40 dozen Gents' Merino Wool Half Hose, in
both Shetland and black, all sizes—
4QC P4/R
Extra Special!
200 dozen Children's Ribbed Hose, double
knees and extra length, guaranteed
stainless, sizes 5* to 9*—
Price, 25c Pair.
. — — , .
TELEPHONE. OKRA-ISTT 184.
,
111. 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
THE BUCK GOODS HOUSE
JUBILEE SPECIALTIES !
ioo-
100 Styles.
100 Styles Black.
100 Styles Black Dress.
100 Styles Black Dress Skirts.
-AT—
$2.25, $3.59, $5, $6, $7.50,
$8.50, $10, $12,50 and $15
each.
LARGEST VARIETY,
FINEST FITTING,
LATEST DESIGNS.
EVERY SKIRT FITTED.
THE BLACK GOODS HOUSE
1106 Market Street,
Near Mason and Turk Sts.
The immense / PRICE SALE
IS still going 2 on - All .my
NEW STYLES of JACKETS,
CAPES, SUITS, SILK WAISTS,
SKIRTS, FUR CAPES, COL-
LARETTES sacrificed.
- ■
50c on the Dollar,
Now is your opportunity to buy
the finest and best made garment
at
/> F*R!CE.
ARMANDGAILLEAU
48 Geary St., Cor. Grant Aw-
FURNITURE,
CARPETS,
BEDDINGS.
This Stove $10:™
Cash or
Little-at-a-time Payments.
J. NOON AN, .
1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St,
516-518-520-522 Minna St.,
fIBOVE SIXTH ST.
Telephone, Jessie 41. Open Evenlnft*.
I ?^| J'lMrxLnO OP'
4 w V \ \ ' r^ _re r -r
%--^ fTTTIfvIQ
SPECTACLESsEVE GLASSES
OPTICIANS AHA Hm !SpHit"fW»AT U j,
rMuiuu' 1 Scientific *
642 Market st. instruments
unsiß CKOniCA BuiiOmb ■ .■ » . : :
I PERFECTION.:. PREVAILS I
i | CUISINE SERVICE 1
T *
I * -IN THE— . '. *
♦LADIES' GRILL*
| Xc PALACE. |
* Direct Entrance from Market Street *
". DR.MQNULTY:
ryn ra v.F.r.r, kxo\v>; and rkltablk or.r»
L SpCblli Mevra Prtvate.Nervous.ltioodundSkln
Diseases of Men onj.v. Manly Power restore.!. Over
a>years'fxpprieiic*\ Send for Book.free. i'atlenw
curedßt llorne^ : Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
.ui!.v:«:» u.s.-»pv,s. s.:t,.iuys,iotoi2. Consulu,-
doiiiree and sacrwlljrcoiindeiitia'.. Call or address
P. ROSCOE 3!c.\BLTT, M.D ,
26^ Krai Street. Man FrancHco. CaL
■i NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
/JQQ.;>IAKKET ST.. OPP pat a<-ct
DOO Hotel. Telephone 570. Re»ldeDc« tta
■ Valencia street. Telephone. "Church- ££
Weak Men and Women
I ctrensth to the sexual orsii* ca * th * n4The Race to Capture the Soudan
THE Trench have suddenly
evinced a desire for conquest in
the Soudan, and, if report be
correct, have advanced across
the African continent, regard-
less of the treaty rights of other
powers, until they are pretty close to
Khartoum itself. If they occupy Khar
toum, the trouble will begin, for Great
Britain is not likely to submit tamely
to the capture by a foreign power of
this most Important strategical post.
Khartoum is the key of the Soudan.
the nation holding it controls the Nile,
along which all the traffic from the im
mensely rich regions of the Equatorial
Soudan must pass. Millions of money
and thousands of lives have been lav
ished on this oasis of the desert. Egypt,
to whom the territory nominally be
longs, has proved herself, even with the
aid of Great Britain, unable to hold the
land against the forces of fanaticism
controlled by the Mahdi, and since the
annihilation of Hicks Pasha's army in
ISB3, the whole district has been aban
doned to all the horrors of barbaric
Mohammedan rule.
To-day, just as there is some pros
pect of the Egyptian expeditionary
force, now on the Nile, breaking down
the already weakened power of the
Mahdi, the French appear on the scene
to complicate matters. No one can fore- |
see the outcome of this international j
embroglio, but it is probable that the {
difficulty will be settled in the diplo
matic courts of Europe, rather than on
the burning sands of Egypt. Two great
nations, such as France and England, are
not likely to fight over the Soudan, and
even if they did. the scene of war would
promptly be shifted nearer home. Great
Britain would meet France, not by
Binding troops to the East, but by pre
venting the French fro-m doing so. The
first Napoleon's designs upon the British
possessions in India "Were frustrated by
the vigor with which Nelson's fleet
swept the Mediterranean, his expedi
tion to Egypt was converted into a dis
astrous failure, and the battle of the
Nile left the great general helplessly
stranded on a foreign shore. The same
plan of campaign would certainly
be adopted by Great Britain to-day.
Meanwhile the little French expedi
tionary force in the Soudan is likely to
have enough of desert campaigning be
fore it has finished. One experience of
this kind is sufficient to satisfy even
the most ardent military enthusiast.
The difficulties attendant upon moving
large bodies of men in this arid climate
are almost insuperable, the water ques
tion constantly presents itself in new
and trying phases and the problem of
transport has never been satisfactorily
solved.
It fell to my lot. by one of those ac
cidents which occur now and again in
every man's life, to play a humble part
In one of these African campaigns. The
expedition was not long, nor was it
particularly bloodthirsty, and conse
quently the world, by this time, has
forgotten all about It.
T happened to be in Australia in the
early part of 1885, when the news of
Khartoum's fall and the tragic death
of "Chinese" Gordon sent a thrill
through the civilized world. One of the
best and brightest of British soldiers
was gone, his loss was distinctly
traceable to the fatal policy of pro-
crastination characteristic of Glad
stone's administration. Gordon might
have been saved had the Nile expedi
tion, then almost within reach of Khar
toum, started on its long and perilous
Journey but a week or two earlier. As
it was. Sir C. Wilson with a small force
THE CALL Sunday Edition
"WE RUShJED UP THE HILL AND INTO THE FORT."
reached Khartoum by steamer but two
days after the fall of the town, only |
to find that the place was in the hands
of the Mahdists and that nothing could
be done to remedy the fatal error made
by the English Government.
It is no wonder that the British peo
ple were indignant; a wave of warlike
enthusiasm passed over the land, and
no cry was heard but that of revenge
for the untimely death of "Chinese"
Gordon. The manner of his life, its
austere virtue and strange military
piety, had always placed Gordon on a
different plane from other soldiers of
the crown. The manner of his death,
after holding to the last with unflinch
ing courage a famine-stricken and be
leaguered town, raised him almost to
the heights of martyrdom.
At least that was the popular feeling
of the day, and it is no wonder that
the sentiment spread to the colonies
beyond sea. Australia caught the con
tagion pretty badly, and the Govern
ment of the colony of New South
Wales, to show in a practical manner
its loyalty to fhe crown, volunteered
to dispatch at its own expense a con
tingent to aid the British forces j n
wiping out the disgrace of Gordon's
death.
There was a good deal of humor in
the proposal, for New South Wales,
though owning a large and wealth
producing territory, had but little over
a million inhabitants. Great Britain,
with her huge Indian army to draw
upon, had obviously no need for aid
from such a Liliputian source. Still,
for some unaccountable reason, the
suggestion struck the fancy of the En
glish Cabinet. Perhaps it was to give
the world an object lesson as to the
solidity of the British Empire; perhaps
merely to gratify the vanity of a valu
able colony. But whatever the cause,
the British Government accepted the
offer.
No one was more surprised than the
Colonials. Such a thing had never
been heard of before. It had become
quite fashionable, whenever the Eng
lish nation -was engaged in a little
war, for the colonies to offer a portion
of their diminutive armies for service
at the front. The thine did no harm
and helped to advertise the colony, to
keep the world aware of its existence.
There was hurrying and scurrying
and unbounded patriotic enthusiasm
when the news reached Sydney. The
worst Russian scare which had ever
afflicted the colony was nothlnp to it.
New South Wales was pledged to dis
patch within a fortnight a fully
equipped regiment of five hundred in
fantry and two hundred and tlfty field
artillery, guns and all. To the "credit
of the colony, the promise was faith
fully fulfilled.
Th<>re was no difficulty about the ar
tillery. A permanent force of some
five hundred men is always maintain
ed to garrison the harbor defense bat
teries which make Sydney one of the
best protected ports in the world. All
that was necessary was to call for
volunteers, and the whole force at once
signified its willingness to go.
With the infantry it was different.
There was no standing army to draw
from, only a couple of thousand par
tially paid volunteers, or militia men.
And when it came to leaving their
homes and families for the desert wilds
of the Soudan these men were not es
pecially anxious to go. Some three
hundred or so volunteered, but of
course a new regiment had to be form
ed, and material was drawn from all
quarters.
There was no trouble in obtaining
recruits, civilians of all classes were
only too willing to join. Bank clerk*
and civil servants, old soldiers and
sailors, policemen and wharf laborers,
men of every occupation and charac
SAX FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JAM AHY 30, 1898.
ter, all flnrk^d to the recruiting office,
and. providing they could pasa the
medical examination, were enrolled.
Some of these men had never had a
rifle in their hands before, did not
even know the rudiments of the goose
step, but the old stagers pulled them
through, and in ten days they were
sent forth, clad in the traditional red
jacket of the British army, to fight the
mother country's battles in Egypt.
But despite its heterogeneous char
acter the regiment soon proved its ca
pacity. Three weeka on board the
troopship, with constant drilling and
strictest of discipline, brought it Into
a compact and serviceable form, and
when we landed at Suakim the British
officers, knowing nothing of the hap
hazard oriein of the contingent, were
surprised at the character of the troops
Australia was able to turn out.
So was Tommy Atkins, who was
soon on the friendliest possible terms
with his brother from across the sea.
For one thing the Australian youth
had a proficiency in swearing which
was the envy <>f the Britishers, and
when the English regiments returned
home they took many new and forcible
cuss words with them, which, even at
the present day, impart a strangely
Australian flavor to many an imperial
barrack yard.
Suakim, when the Australians land
ed, was one of the busiest ports. The
shores of the little lagoon were fairly
encircled with great ocean steamers. j
Men-of-war were dotted here and j
there, their guns commanding the far- i
away ranges behind the camp where
the rebels clustered; a magnificent P.
and • >. liner, with wide, open ports and
clean, well ventilated derks. proved
the care and attention which awaited
the sick and wounded. The town, which
is on an island and can be reached only
by a well -guarded causeway, fairly
hummed with military life. Every
where there was the orderly bustle of
a well-regulated camp, and strangest
of all there was the BriMsh navy,
with his vast bulk of beef-fed flesh.
The navvy, who. except when drunk,
is generally a man of peace, seemed
strangely out of place amid such war
like surroundings. But he was there
strictly on business. He was to build
a railway after the soldiers had paci
fied the hostile tribes with rifles and
machine guns. And at the time we all
fondly believed that our mission was
to take that railway right across 200
miles of desert until it struck the great
river at Berber. Thus, though it was
too lato to save Gordon, we were to
solve the Central African problem and
insure the pacification of the I'pper
Vile region.
The railway would have heen made
right enough, though at what cost of
menandmoneyl know n<>t, had not the
British Government, with characteris
tic vacillation, withdrawn from the en
terprise before it was well begun All
the material for the railway, even to
the depots and name boards, was on
the spot: dozens of steamers freiphted
with rails and construction plant wen
in the harbor, waiting to discharge, and
had the line gone through the map of
Africa might have been colored in a
very different way. At any rate Cen
tral Africa would have been opened to
European trade and the fanatical fol
lowers of the Mahdi would have found
sudden reason to mend their ways.
The flat, sandy shore of Ruakim Bay
was one vast camp. The soldiers were
not quartered in the town; the place
was much too small, but were camped
on the plain, protected only by a
i slight trench and a thin line of Vn
i tries from the attacks of the hostile
Soudanese. And Fuzzy-Wuzzy. as
Kipling has christened him. is a terri
bly treacherous enemy, especially on a
dark night. His tricks are endless,
he can sneak through a line of the
most vigilant sentries, and at one time
his nightly visits used to cause great
alarm in the British camp.
The soldiers slept in large tents of
! the Tndian pattern, each holding forty
or fifty men. And at night-time, when
all were quietly sleeping, Fuzzy-Wuzzy,
4iiniiiin HiiHHiii iiHiiniiiiiiiii mi-rnumnniHi niiinimmnii
and free from every blem- /ffsT^^^N^^^F^^^^^ t
lsn is the skin, scalp and / reN^\,«. v^^^^^>^*w^ i
nair of mtants cleansed, / 1%. "%u. +
r)unf^pcl and beautified by / x ?> +
The most effective skin_^f^^fl|^ »\ •nn +
purifying and beautify-^^g|^ mß^^^S^^^^^ 1
sweetest for toilet, bath I +
nursery. For distressing facial^^^,^^^^^
eruptions, pimples, blackheads, red, rough, oily skin, irrita- +
tions of the scalp, with dry, thin and falling hair, red, rough +
hands with shapeless nails, and simple rashes and blem- J
ishes of infancy it is incomparable. Guaranteed absolute- |
ly pure by analytical chemists of the highest standing, +
whose certificates of analysis accompany each tablet. +
+
Sold throogtiont tte world. POTTER DBDO AND CHEM. OOBP., Sol* Props., Boston. : British depot: F. NEWBtTRY & SONS, ' 1 King Edward St., +
London. C7Send for oar Treatment of Baby's Skin," a book of Ol pa^es, fullj illustrated, containing all that every intelligent mother should know abcut theSklo, •*"
Scalp and Hair, post free. _ ■£■
■ ■ • ■ ■ r — — — .-:,: ; > ; ;>^, i; : +
MflTrTilrW I To know that a warm bath with CUTICURA SOAP, and a single anointing with CUTICURA, the great skin J
IUU I iiiiilij . cure, will afford instant relief in the most distressing of itching, burning and scaly infantile rashes and irritations J
■RrnfUITPDOI °* tiie skin an scalp, and hot to use^ them is tofaifin your duty. Tnis treatment means comfort and rest for 4
Mil 1 Illjiib ! parent' as well as grateful relief and refreshing sleep for child, and is pure, sweet, safe, speedy and economical 4
having in some miraculous manner
passed the line of sentries, would sneak
into a tent. The light would go out,
there would be a shriek, and before the
suddenly awakened soldiers could
seize their arms and grope their way
out of the tent the assailant would be
gone. And all that would be left to
Indicate the visit would be a dead sol
dler, a spear through his heart, Ptrirkm
down in the midst of his comrades.
This practice was so greatly feared
that when we moved out of Suakim
and started railway-making in the
heart of the enemy's camp, the troops
were actually forbidden to sleep in the
tents at night. In the daytime they
were used as a shelter from the sun,
but at night no man was safe within
a tangle of cordage and canvas.
The Australian contingent saw the
tail end of one of the biggest engage
ments which have occurred near Sua
kim, but fortunately for themselves,
they arrived just two days too late for
the heavy fighting. The affair at To
frik, when the Soudanese made a de
termined attack on MacNelll'fl zareba,
very nearly ended in a disaster.
Osman Dlgna, who commanded the
Mahdi's troops in this region, sud
denly concentrated a large force on
the British squares, but though one of
the Indian regiments gave way for a
time, the attack was eventually re
pulsed.
The loss, however, was very heavy,
a large portion of the transport was
cut to pieces by the enemy, and when
we marched over the spot a week
later, we had good reason to know that
a hattle had been fought th^re. If
there is one smell in this earth which
is worse than another It is that of a
defunct camel. And when you take
not only one but hundreds and hun
dreds of the much deceased beasts, and
scatter them along: the track, you will
realize the awful atmosphere we
marched through. TVnrpe still, it was
not an uncommon thing to come across
a human arm or leg sticking bolt up
right out of the sand. Rome poor fel
low was hastily buried here, with but
a thin layer of soil above his corpse, a
covering too light to secure rest for his
remains. Another time, in some out
of the way nullah or dry creek bed, we
would step over corpses which had
never been buried at all. and which
would remain until they became as the
bones which whitened the plain all
around.
These things were not pleasant to look
upon, but at the moment, so absorbed
werp we in our own occupations, we
missed the horror of it all. We were
marching through burning sand, the
sun like a ball of fire overhead, to at
tack Osman Digna in his stronghold at
Tamaii. to teach him that these vio
lent assaults upon the British forces
could not be made with impunity.
General Graham, who was then in
command, had determined to do th«
thing thoroughly, so he took out near
ly all the troops at Suakim, British,
Australian and Indian. Some ten thou
sand strong we marched in a huge hol
low square, or rather oblong formation,
but, if safe, it was weary work. We
had to carry supplies of every kind,
including water, with us, for the coun
try would yield nothing, and the cen
ter of the scfuare was a seething mass
of unruly transport animals. Camels,
horses and mules, ambulance wagons
and water carts, camp followers of
every nationality, were crowded to
gether, and cur rate of progress was
necessarily the rate of progress of the
transport.
We marched four deep, with fixed
bayonets, on each side of the square,
and every now and then would come
the order to halt and face front. It
might be a threatened rush by the
enemy, who were constantly hovering
in the surrounding bush, or it might
be only some unfortunate camel which,
had dropped its load. As it meant sud
den death fur either man or beast to
fall behind the guarding fringe of ri
des, the whole force had to halt until
the mischief could be repaired.
Thus it took us all day to reach
Tamaii, a distance of fifteen or sixteen
miles, and after all there was no bat
tle. Osman Digna, wisely enough, con
strued discretion as the better part of
valor and tied before our force could
get at him. A few of his bravest war
riors, however, remained hidden be
hind the hills at the back of the little
town, and as we approached Reming
ton bullets, fired from some invisible
spot, came dropping from the skies
among us.
It was annoying, because we could
see nothing to fire back at, and we
were most anxious to prove our skill
in rifie practice. But perhaps the man
most annoyed stood right in front of
me. One of these mysterious drop
ping bullets punctured a nice, clean
hole through his right shoulder. I re
member watching the red stain on his
kharkee tunic where the bullet came
out, and wondering what caused it. It
was not until I saw the stain spreading
all over his back that I realized the
man was wounded, and then I think
he realized the fact himself, for he
went off to the rear and provided the
ambulance corps with a little occcu
pation.
After this we burned some huts and
filled up some wells, and the battle was
over. lam sure we were all very glad,
for we had not the slightest desire to
be shot, nor did we wish to face a
rush of the fanatical Hadendowas,
who are among the finest fighting
men in the world and whose charge, as
experience has often proved, can only
be stopped by overpowering rifle
fire. J. F. ROSE-SOLEY.18
WHAT SHALL WE DO WITH OUR BOYS?
The changes in social and industrial
conditions will make it each year
harder for the
untralned man to
find profitable
employment. At >
the same time
there never was I
OAVI D STARR
JORDAN.
a time when a young man sober, Indus
trious and trained to do things was so
much in demand.
The time is coming when the un
skilled laborer will have no place of j
any kind in the industrial system. A
bucket of coal and i bucket of water ,
will do his work and do it better. The
laborer must put brains into his wt^rk,
and brains will always be in demand, j
There cannot be too much education,
even among laborers, if it be education
in the direction of effectiveness, and an
effective man will never find the world
overcrowded.
So far as vocations are concerned
there is room emmgh in almost any of
thorn if one is ready to do the best
work he can. But there Is no vocation
which will keep a man in whisky very
long, and there is none that will give
him leisure to do poor work .or to do
it in a dishonest fashion. The tighten
ing lines of social development make
It harder and harder to keep step for j
the man who doesn't try.
• • •
This Is an important question, for it
opens up the vast field of modern eco-
nomic and In
dustrial changes.
It cannot be
fully answered in
short space, nor :
can one give an
WILLIAM H. MILLS, I
LAND AGENT.
' I
adequate presentation of the problems
involved without reference to the en- j
tire question of production and distri
button, with some thoughts on co-oper
ative profit-sharing as a remedy which
will finally be brought about as a re
action from trusts.
It may be said that wealth is dis
tlibuted when it Is created, and that
the tendency in this country and age is
for the instrumentalities of accumula
tion to go into the hands of fewer and
fewer persons. There are relatively
fewer employers than then- were in the
old days. As a result we have pam
pered arrogance on the one side and
pauperized subserviency on the other.
This becomes bad fur the independence
of the American citizen, who is warped
from his independent sovereignty by
reason of the struggle for a livelihood,
desiring to favor the capital, corpora
tions and trusts for which he labors.
As the trust restricts profits to the few. ]
so It has a bad influence over the i
many. As the tendency is toward the
aggregation of wealth in relatively
few hands, it stands to reason that the
boy starting out in the world has a
smaller chance to become an employer
and original tradesman. Whereas he
once had something like one chance in
three, I doubt whether he now has one
chance in twenty to become an em- i
ployer of other men. It is by specula- j
ting in and controlling other men's i
labor that wealth is produced for a
few.
It is well to note that the silent ag
gressions of the trust and the wild cry
of tho anarchist lead practically to the
same ultimate misfortune — the inse
curity of property, and, as a corollary,
to the insecurity of human life and the
destruction of the general welfare, j
While it is true that the general con- j
dltlon of labor has been vastly im- !
proved and that there was never a '
time when the successful man had so
much to make life comfortable, it is
also true that there is more produced
than can be consumed under present :
conditions. This leads to the growth
of an unnecessary class of men out of
employment. Let me illustrate: One
man has forty thousand acres and
Jives on it with his family. It is un
necessary to say that there Is but one
woman on that tract who can buy a
piano and the general accompaniments
of culture. But if you were to divide
that land .imonpr two hundred thrifty
people behold how enormously you
would multiply the power of consump- !
tion, how you would extend the call
for labor, and how the blessings of
wealth would be distributed over a
wider area of country and to a larger
proportion of the population.
A general and thorough education is
in a way a remedy, but when it comes
to solving the direct question. "What
shall I do with my boy?" it becomes a
knotty problem, for his chances are not
•uhat they were before the present sys
tem. There is no reason for a pessi
mistic outlook, but there will be suffer
ing during the working out of the
remedy by readjustments and co-op
eration on some equitable basis. Co
operation is the goal of labor.
Trusts engender other trusts and the
tendency of all trusts is to minimize
the number of employers and augment
the number of employes. How far the
tendency in -this direction can go with
out creating such estrangement be
tween the classes as to produce the
danger of collision I am not prepared
to say.
Great wealth as an incident to pros
perity is tolerable; but great wealth
supervening upon a general condition
of adversity and the impoverishment
of the masses, or the common life of
the country, is dangerous in the ex
treme. It is a menace to the repose of
free Institutions.
But the reactionary point from the
condition of a trust relation of all la
bor and the tendency which such
trusts have is to co-operation of labor.
Co-operation would minimize the num
ber of employed and augment the
number of profit sharers or employers.
It Is hard to say what will be the
trend of human vocations In the com-
ing decade or
two. A man's
view is greatly
circumscribed by
his own experi
ences. I cannot
I
J W. REID.
ARCHITECT.
pay that I regard the outlook for the
average boy as very promising. I
know that the tendency of business is
to go into fewer and fewer lines, Just
as the tendency is to limit houses to a
small area by building them very high.
Take architecture as an exnmple: It
is a fact that in this city as well as in
every other one a few architects do all
the business. I suppose it is safe to
pay that there are a few hundred firms
of architects in every city of the size
of this in the United States, yet you
can almost count the firms that do
the business on the fingers of one hand
Lawyers tell me it is the same. I find
that a few firms in the law do all the
business. When you come to medicine
it Is the same. Out of all the doctors
In a given city it is a very small num
ber that do any business to speak of.
Now, if this is the tendency of all
lines of human industry, it is plain to
be seen that while business was never
80 good for the successful it was never
80 bad for the many who do not get it
to do. The success of some and the
failure of others from a monetary
point of view is not due to a difference
in their abilities either, for I know
great architects who have failed, men
who really knew their business in the
most thorough manner. I can name a
man who had money and ability and he
was at one time the greatest of all the
architects in Boston, yet he is to-day
the editor of a great weekly paper. It
is hard to say why he failed in his
chosen business. I think a boy has a
splendid chance to succeed well if he
succeeds at all. but it seems to me that
the number who are to succeed in a
given vocation is becoming smaller and
smaller. Almost every trade and pro
fession is overcrowded.
• • •
The question of what a boy shall do
is one that may be answered in a gen-
oral way by a
glance at the
evolution of hu
man vocations.
The more appli
cation of ma-
W. T. HARRIS,
U. S. COMMISSIONER;
OF EDUCATION
chlnery the less laborers are needed in
the departments where a narrow, spe
cial education will suffice, and the more
the laborer Is required to have a gen
eral and humane culture. This doc
trine contains the cheering gospel of
final emancipation from drudgery. The
only condition attached to it is that all
shall be educated. This condition is the
best part of the gospel. It makes it the
business of .society to see that all are
educated. It becomes the Interest of the
selfish man as well as the ideal of en
lightened philanthropy to have every
member of society so intelligent that
he can find his vocation in the higher
order of human occupations.
Th<^ history of industry goes back to
a time when only one in a thousand of
the able-bodied population muM be
spared for the creation of ornament or
the ministry of culture. Great progr.-ss
BASIS OF DR. SCHENK'S THEORY OF SEX
DR. EISEN'S VIEWS.
To mv mind Dr. Schenk's theory is perfectly plausible from a physical
point of view. Biologically though, it amounts to nothing, for the life be
gins long before the creation of the cell.
NOT since the discovery of the
X-ray by Professor Roentgen,
about two years ago, has any
thing so interested the scientific
and medical men of San Fran
cisco as the announcement of Dr.
Schenk of Vienna that he has discov
ered the secret of sex. Wherever two
or more scientists or doctors chance to
meet It is the one subject talked of,
and theories and opinions are freely
exchanged.
The medical men as a rule do not put
much faith In Dr. Schenk's statement,
but rather Incline to the belief that the
success attending his experiments has
been due to mere coincidence. The sci
entists, on the contrary, say that the
idea Is perfectly feasible, but think
that the Importance of the discovery,
from a scientific point of view, has been
greatly overrated. These men have
gathered from the published state
ments of Dr. Schenk the impressjon
that he held that he had made a most
Important biological discovery. This
they deny and say that whatever he
had discovered It only points to physi
cal facts, and has no bearing whatever
on the theories of the origin of life.
Although It is of greater importance
to the world, it is no more a biological
discovery than was the discovery that
rubbing the body produced warmth. It
is simply the controlling of certain un
known forces to produce a certain de
sired effect.
Like all theoretical subjects, this one
has many sides. There are many rea
sons why Dr. Schenk's theory is cor
rect. There are also many reasons why
it Is wrong. Some physicians cham
pion Dr. Schenk and say he Is the
greatest man of the time, while others
pooh-pooh his Ideas and laugh at his
assertions. When learned men reach
such opposite conclusions It is hard for
the lay mind to comprehend the sub
ject at all.
Reasoning from Dr. Shenk's prem
ises his theory must be correct but it
so happens that he has stated as facts
things which the scientific world has
not yet accepted as such. He may be
right, but proof of his assertions has
not yet been forthcoming.
THE SAX FRAXCTSCO CALL, SI'XDAY, JANUARY 30, 1898.
iV BY
W.rtMills.
Rabbi Voorsar^er' •
fienry C.Mi^btoQ
J.W.Reid,
alias Kafon.
0 I IAS the boy of to-day ac good a chance of petting on In
0 W the world as his father had 9
0 I I Consider the question a moment and you will find it
o * is becoming a very serious problem. The revolution
0 wroueht In every day life by machinery, th>.- altered con
0 ditions In profeFsional life, and the new economic condi
tions present an altogether different aspect of affairs thai
0 when you were a boy. At least co say a great many deep
0 thinker*.
0 President David Starr Jordan of Stanford University
declares that "the time is coming when the unskilled la
borer will have no place of any kind in the Industrial sys
tem. A bucket of coal and a bucket of water will do his
° work and do it better. The laborer must put brains into
° hfs work, and brains will always be in demand." • • •
Says Julius Kahn: The poor young man of the pres
° ent generation starts in the race of life heavily handl
° capped. Intellectually and physically he is probably bet
° ter equipped for the struggle than his predecessors. But
° the road to success is constantly narrowing. Failure is
° not so much the fault of the man; it la the fault of exist-
O ing conditions. • • •
o Rabbi Voorsanger: I do not believe that the modern
O industrial methods have made it harder for our boys to
o
had been made when one in a hundred
could be spared for such purpose. The
United States and Great Britain have
reached a point where five in a hundred
laborers ar*» actually pursuing voca
tions that have for their object the ad
dition of ornament to what is already
useful.
When the ratio Is reversed and only
live in a hundred are required to pro
vide the crude necessaries and the
remnant of society may devote itself
to the higher order of occupations th"
economic problem will be solved.
Hence a constant readjustment of vo
cation! is necessary, and all laborers
who are mere "hands" work at a con
tinually growing disadvantage.
• • •
It is unnecessary to success for a
boy to be too particular about the
cnoice or voca
tions. If he
can't ret em
ployment to his
taste, let him
turn his hand to
I
THOMAS J. CLUNIE, !
ATTORNEY
i I
any honest work until he can find a
position through which success is as
The scientific study of animals shows that the determination of the problem is largely due to nutrition.
For instance, he has published over
his own signature the statement that
the animal embryo is sexless. This
fact has not yet been proven. Because
the modern micro
scopes will not re
veal differences in
the embryo is no
reason why such
exist, and there is
no telling what
the instruments of
to-morrow will
show. Only about
half a century ago
the best micro
scope built showed
the blood corpus
cles only as flat
disks. Since then
they have been
separated into a
thousand parts as
the glasses were
Increased in
strength. And the
end is not yet.
Dr. Schenk also
cites the creation
of queen bees as a
fact to bear out his
theories. As is well
known to anybody
with even a slight
knowledge of nat
ural history, th"
queen bee is an
undeveloped fe
male to begin with
and the change In
her condition is
only a matter «>f
fertilization. The
bodily structure is
all present in the
first place and the
feeling merely de
velops ft. Some of
the best biologists
in the country
state that the cre
ation of the queen
bee has no bearing
Schenk's theory.
Dr. Schenk's statement that scant
feeding of the mother will produce male
offspring is certainly borne out in the
animal kingdom. This waR proved
many years ago and has long ceased to
be now. Experiments were carried on
in England in which frogs and tadpoles
were used and the results left no
doubt as to the fact. Scant feeding
produced males and luxurious feeding
produced females. It is also a well-
DR. SCHENK, the Austrian Scientist, Whose Discovery Has Startled the World
whatever on Dr.
sured. To accomplish this he must !>•■
honest, faithful to th interests of bis
employer and spend his leisure mo
ments in study. H< >"Uld cultivate a
taste for know i reading news
papers and books. • his occupation is
such ihat he can't f to school in the
daytime, go at nlr' i. If there are n<>
night schools let him study by hlrns<lf.
l'oor boys cannot always attend
schools and < ollegi ■. but with the prac
tical knowledge acquired in the strug
gle for bread, if they arc studiously in
clined, they become equal if not su
perlor to th-- college-bred boy.
It docs >-•••. -m to me that a poor man's
Fon has the best opportunity for suc
lf he conducts himself on the lines
suggested, ai life tsi not only a strug
gle, but a stern reality with him. and
there is every inducement, as well as
necessity, if be would better his condi
tion to prt :-- onward and upward un
til he reach -s the goal of his ambition.
His lot being hard he will ask what
makes it bo and What can be dor.c to
make it eas:- r. He will soon learn that
errors haw crept into the administra
tion of what is supposed to be the
kn-'wn fact on the cattle ranges of the
West that in the years '>f drought more
malts art- borne to the cows and sheep
than in the years of heavy rainfall and
plenty of feed.
But successful as some experiments
have been in this line. otherß have been
equally as great failures. The great
Darwin attempted to experiment with
pigeons to this end, but met with dis
mal failure ami included that there
wen- sonic things even beyond "natural
selection."
Successful as Dr. Schenk has been
with his experiments, his theory will
not hold Kood in the case of the Ameri
can IrxliaiiH. These people, when they
raxi wild and almost starved for a cer
tain portion of each year, were blessed
with an average number of sons and
daughters. But since the white man
has taken it upon himself to provide a
plenty of provisions and the necessaries
of life bo that our noble red man and
red woman really lead a life of luxury,
compared to the ..id days, there has
been an Increase in the birth rate of
David Starr Jordan
W.T. Mams
J.s.h?Gbesoey
Tbos.Claoie
W. H.V.Raymond
pet along. That Is a popular fallacy which is aided and
stimulated by the shallow and one-sfded education of our
children. Some pjrofNUrioaa are overcrowded, while many
tries are lagging behind because of an imperfect
h • <lge of their Importance. The earth is amply able
to afford a living to all its sons and daughters; that is the
very basis of law and order. • • •
Says William H. Mills: When it comes <o solving the
direct question. What shall I do with my boy? it becomes
a knotty pr«'bl*m, for his chances are not what they were
the present system. There is no reason for a pessi
mistic outlook, but there wIM be suffering during the work-
Ing out of the remedy of readjustment and co-operation on
some equitable basis. • • •
J. W. Reid thinks "a boy has a splendid chance to suc
ceed well if he succeeds at all, but it seem* to me that the
number who are to succeed in a given vocation is becom
ing smaller and smaller. Almost every trade and profes
sion I* overcrowded." • • •
W. T. Harris: The man must rise above the machine
and must karn to serve society fo that no machine can
throw him out of a situation. * • •
The above opinions show merely the drift of Ideas on
this vital subject.
freest Government on earth, and look
•bout for the best way to Correct them.
His training will make him self-reliant.
H<_- will understand his rights and will
p« aggressive enough to maintain
them.
To my mind the opportunities for
success are greut< r and mcrre unmerous
now than when I was a boy. The great
strides In progress we have made In
the last quarter of a century have made
it much easier to acquire knowledge,
and have cheapened everything that
ministers t< > the comfort of mankind.
Change the laws, make it impossible
for trusts or combinations to exist, for
the purpose of controlling either the
OUtpttt or the price of any commodity.
All laws should be for the masses and
n<>t for the classes. The volume of cur
rency should be increased. All these
reforms can be brought about by the
I pie. Then industrial conditions will
change, and the dawning of a brighter
era not only for the present but the
rising generation will be at hand. With
proper laws controlling corporations
nnd aggregate wealth coupled with our
grand resources. I cannot feel with
some that the outlook is gloomy.
WHAT DR. JORDAN THINKS. ,
No one can sit in judgment on such a discovery until it is made known.
It is on« thing to discover the law of sex and another to apply it success
fully for the production of d -finite results.
male infants. In fact. In some of the
pueblos of New Mexico the scarcity of
females is s<» great that the races are
dying off. This is directly opposite to
what should be,
according- to Dr.
Sehenk's theory.
But, of course,
there may be other
forces at work of
which there is no
knowledge. For In
stance, the women
may not be as well
treated as they
were in the old
days of savagery.
Ir. Gustav Els
curator of mi
copy of the
demy of Sci
>s. is greatly
rested in Dr.
?nck's theory,
thinks it very
isible.
Eisen has
n the best
-8 of his life to
study of biolo
and his discov
in regard to
I indepndence
of the centrosomes
of animal cells has
given him a place
in the front rank
of the great scien
tists of the world.
In speaking of
the matter. Dr.
Eisen said: "Dr.
Rchenk's theory is
perfectly plausible
from a physical
point of view. Bi
ologically, though,
it amounts to noth
ing, for the life
t>e?ins long before
the creation of the
cell, and if there is such a thing as
s.x in the embryo it must be in ex
istence from the beginning.
"If Dr. Schenk's theory works it
would be merely carrying out Dar
win's idea of the survival of the
strongest. By starving the mother it
would appear that she could not fur
nish sufficient nourishment for a fe
male embryo, consequently there would
be no fertilization in case chance led
to that impregnation. The male em
bryo being the stronger, would be the
In my judgment no poor boy to-day
has reason to regret that he was not
. born forty or fif-
ty years earlier.
If he has good
stuff in him, he
will win as the
older boys of that
kind have done:
if not. he will
W. H. V. RAYMOND,
SUPERINTENDENT
POLYTECHNIC
SCHOOL.
fail as such boys have always failed.
This I believe to be the rule. Of course,
exceptions will occur as they have oc
curred. Though the environment may
be harsher in some respects than it
was fifty years ag<^. in others It is
kinder. If there is less unworked ter
ritory, if competition is keener, if the
lines of business organization have
been hardened, on the other hand
there is more intellectual stimulus in
the social atmosphere, and there are
larger and more generous opportuni
ties for personal training and equip
; ment.
But it will not do to forget that these
opportunities cannot safely be neglect-
I cd. It will not <1" now for the young
man to risk his fortunes on the slender
| intellectual outfit that formed per
more likely to survive under scant
nutrition. But even if this is so would
it be good for the generation to come
to have progeny struggle so for an ex
istence?
"In regard to the sex of the embryo.
I am not prepared to make any state
ments because nothing In regard to it
has been proved: Hundreds of the best
microscopes in the world are at work
on this subject and new revelations
may be expected at any day. The real
state of the embryo might be any one
of a dozen different theories.
"The most generally accepted theory
at present is that two germ cells, male
and ferrale. unite at the moment of
cleavage and eventually form one or
ganism. But this, while it makes Dr
Schenk's theory plausible, is not an
undisputed fact.
President David Starr Jordan of Stan
ford University treats thematteras fol
lows:
•No one can sit in Judgment on such
a discovery until It is made known It
is one thing to discover the law of sex
and quite another. to apply.it success
fully for the production of definite re
sults.
"It is fairly well established that the
?, sen?5 en ? cells . male and female, from
which the new organism is produced.
U v. v- \° form one organism, or cell,
which is at first sexless, but capable
of development along either of two
lines, regardless of its hereditary quali
ties. These lines. are the male" or the
female, and in most species the germ
cell is so accurately balanced that it
will turn in one direction just as readily
as the other. A slight stimulus suf
fices :to turn it. What this stimulus
is, is still partly unknown. How to
apply It in the higher forms is wholly
unknown, unless . Dr. Schenk has
so ved it. It is known that with cer
tain of the lower forms high feeding
turns the germs to females: starvation
to males. In other cases warmth
turns the germs to masculinity; cold in
creases the percentage of females.
Doubtless any force which may act on
the germ cell at the right time after
fecundation may be a stimulus affect
ing its sex development in the one di
rection or the other.
'"There is room for much more knowl
edge here, and Dr. Schenk may have
contributed it. The art of producing
sex at will in man and the higher ani
mals is [ not necessarily an impossible
one. At the same time I believe that
its acquisition lies far in the future."
haps the capital of the father. True,
that always, as now, the winning boy
must be eager, open-eyed, determined,
unconquerable. But added to these
personal qualities our young man must
know his subject and its relations
(whether in theoretical or in practical
fields) in more complete detail than
was formerly essential.
Not only must equipment for voca
tion be more complete, but it must
come to be recognized, as always it
was true, that men are needed at all
posts in life with an overplus of power
for their work, and that of such men
only can anything like success be pre
dicted. You cannot pour a man into
an occupation as you can pour wheat
into a half-bushel and make exact
measure of him. If he does not round
up he will be scant. If he is to win
the trained man in him must overrun
the outline of his occupation. From the
scavenger to the college president the
man must be superior to his calling.
Success hinges on the mastery between
the two. If the man is master he is
safe. If the occupation is master the
man Is lost.
I believe that our boys have infin
itely less to fear from machinery and
trusts than they have from failure to
perceive that this truth is universal,
despotic and relentless. If we were ta
realize the splendid possibilities wrap
ped up in the noble provision made in
this State and in the United States fo*
vocational training this principle can
not be too often asserted or too strong
ly emphasized. I see hoys daily drift
ing hopelessly away from all chance of
success, because of a feverish discon
tent at their failure to get what they
want rather than a "divine discon
tent" with their unfitness for It.
• • •
I insist that a boy's vocation or call
ing must be determined by his mental
endowments, and
few boys, after
they have had
their schooling,
are in doubt as
to what should
RABBI JACOB
VOORSANGER.
be their life's calling:. Mistakes of am
bition or judgment are numerous and
excite failure, but they prove nothing.
Let us have pood elementary schools,
nive us institutions where the boy and
girl are taught that the head, heart
and hand contain the faculties which
insure success; which means schools
in which physical, mental and manual
education are received, and we will
easily be able to tell which boys are fit
for the rhcps, which for the trades and
which for the- intellectual walks of life.
I do not believe that the modern in
dustrial methods have made It harder
for our boys to get along. That is a
popular fallacy which is aided and
stimulated by the shallow and one
sided education of our children.
Some professions are overcrowded,
while many industries are lagging be
hind because of an imperfect knowl
edge of their importance. The earth is
amply able to afford a living to all Us
sons and daughters: that is the very
basis of law and order.
The question is how to distribute
them so that they shall not be in each
other's way. That is a great question
which cannot be decided offhand. Let
a boy's elementary training be thor
ough and he will know what to do
with himself. All vocations arc prom
ising — for the pecuniary standpoint
cuts no figure in ethics. Whatever a
man's hand reaches out to do, let him
do it well, and he contributes to the
peace of the world.
The man who succeeds as a boot
black is as good a citizen as the most
eloquent pleader at the bar.
• • •
The poor young man of the present
generation starts In the race of life
heavily handi
capped. Intel
lectually and
physically he is
probably better
equipped for the
JULIUS KAHN,
ATTORNEY.
i 1
struggle than his predecessors. But
the road to success is constantly nar
rowing. Failure is not so much th>>
fault of the man; it is the fault of exist
ing conditions.
Opportunities are becoming rarer.
Competition is growing keener in every
line of industry. Take the learned pro
fessions — they are overcrowded. The
few succeed, the many simply exist.
Take the skilled mechanic — he is con
stantly being supplanted by newly in
vented labor saving devices. Take the
clerk— woman is rapidly invading his
territory. Take the farmhand— he must
retire before the advance of improved
agricultural implements. Take the
merchant— what chance has he with
his limited resources against the mod
ern department store, with its immense
capital and practically unlimited cred
it? Take the manufacturer, covered as
he is by the Aegis of protection — even
he succumbs to that power of aggre
gated capital, the "trust," and retires
from the field disheartened, broken,
bankrupt.
The last generation witnessed a
struggle for wealth; this generation
witnesses a struggle for existence.
Salaries are decreasing — the cost of liv
ing increasing. Legislation is power
less to remedy the evil. It may delay
the inevitable conflict between capital
and labor, but sooner or later social
revolution will come.
The proper field for a young man to
day is in a new country. There lies
his opportunity. England's statesmen
have always recognized the advantages
newly opened territory offers. For hun
dreds of years they have been found
ing colonies for British subjects in all
quarters of the globe. The other Euro
pean nations are beginning to pattern
after England. Africa is already well
partitioned among them — Asia will be
the next scene of colonial aggrandize
ment. On our own continent the gold
fields of the Klondike are just now the
promised land, and within the next
decade hundreds of young men to
whom the future looks dark and for
bidding, pioneers in far, frozen Alaska,
will become rich and successful be
cause of the opportunities offered in
the development of that new country.
• * *
I think there are as good opportuni
ties for a boy to get a start in the
world now as
there were forty
I or fifty years
! years ago. As
labor is more di
' versified and a
| greater variety
J. B. McCHESNEY,
PRINCIPAL
HIGH SCHOOL,
OAKLAND.
: of occupations is
offered there should be better opportu
nities now. than formerly. But compe
tition is severe, and if a young man
would get on he must be alert and give
his time and energies to whatever he
undertakes." The law concerning the
survival of the fittest applies to the
young man in business as well as to
the perpetuity of the plant or the ani
mal.
I consider education, or, perhaps, to
state my meaning more specifically, a
well-trained mind, more necessary to
success now than years ago. All our
industries are becoming more and more
highly organized, their successful pur
suit requires a knowledge of a wider
range of science and the more intricate
laws of the material world. Conse
quently; brains will hereafter be '" a
greater factor in success than brawn
While it is true that the introduction
of machinery is constantly throwing
men out of employment, It must be re -«J
membered that at the same, time lt^
opens new avenues of labor.' Readjust
ment is the order of the day. and those
who are quick to perceive and ready to
adapt themselves to new conditions will
be successful. ,-, i-. : ,*".■•
orll^llli: m haVe n ° use for *">™>THKRE is a man in New York
who wakes up $41,095 richer every
morning than he was when he
arose the day before. If he stops
on the corner and waits for a
street car he knows that for ev
ery minute he stands there his fortune
Is running up $28 60. He doesn't have
to stand by and give it a boost. It sim
ply climbs itself, and it climbs day and
night pretty much as Jack's bean stalk
did. Spending this enormous income
doesn't trouble this modern Croesus
anywhere near as much as taking good
care of it. How much this man is real
ly worth nobody knows exactly. Very
probably he doesn't know himself.
When a fortune tops the $20,000,000
mark it requires a deal of time and pa
tience to figure out the exact valuation
of the schedule of assets. When the
fortune is said to be about $200,000,000,
fancy what chance there is to name the
exact figures in cents. In round num
bers, then, $200,000,000 is the estimate
that experts put on the fortune of John
D. Rockefeller, the Standard Oil mag
nate. If this estimate is within ten
millions of the mark it's fairly close
considering the way certain stock val
ues fluctuate nowadays.
The tabulated income of this twen
tieth century Midas has been figured
out as follows:
Present fortune S2on.wi.ow.oo
Annual Income 1J - ,-^ f >
Monthly income 1 000>^ ( S
r>aily Income 4l -,I;,', I ;,' '*!
Hourly income 1. — 4
Income even' minute every day In
a" year =8-M
Income every second of his life... ■ *<>
All this belongs to a plain American
citizen who is fifty odd years old. has
a family, transacts- his daily business
at 26 Broadway and lives and acts
pretty much as the ordinary business
man. who is in receipt of a good round
income. If his fortune keeps climbing
at its present rate far twenty years
more it will easily pass the $500,000,000
mark, and his heirs, if they convert
the estate into a trust, may live to see
it pass that yearned for goal of the
multi-millionaire— the billion dollar
mark.
Strange to say, not ten men will rec
: ==
WHEN
MONTEREY HAD
THE
GOLD FEVER.
THE effective though not the first
discovery <>f gold in California,
the great rush to the diggings.
the hardships and the wonderful
fortunes — these are among the
thine? recorded by that observant eye
witness. Rev. Walter Col ton, the first
American clergyman, judge and editor
in California. The following typical
paragraphs about the gold rush are
ted from his diary of fifty years
ago:
Monday, May 20— Our town (Monterey)
startled out of its dreams to-day by
•..•lit that gold had been
discovered on the American Fork. The
men wondered and talked and the women
too but mither believed.
Monday, June 5— Another report reached
■us this morning from the American
Fork. The rumor run that several work
man while excavating for a mill race
had thrown up little shining scales of
yellow ore that proved to be gold; that
Id Sonoran, who had spent his lire
•'renounced it the genuine
thing. SOU the public increduHty re
mained.
Tuesday, Jur.p 20— My messenger sent
to the mines has returned witn speci
mens of the gold. He dismounted in a
pea of upturned faces. As he drew forth
the yellow lumps from his pockets and
passed them around among the eager
crowd the doubts, which had lingered
till now. fled. All admitted they were
gold except one old man, who still per
sisted they were some Yankee invention,
got up to reconcile the people to the
change of flag. The excitement produced
was Intense, and many were Boon busy
in their hasty preparations for a de
parture for the mines. The family who
had kept house for me caught the mov
ing infection. Husband and wife were
both packing up. The blacksmith dropped
his hammer, the carpenter his plane,
mason his trowel, the farmer his
▼sickle the baker his loaf, and the tapster
j.is bottle. All were off for the mines—
some on horses, some on carts, some on
crutches, and one went in a litter. An
American woman who had recently es
tablished a 'boarding-house here pulled
up stakes and was off before her lodg
ers had even time to pay their bills.
Debtors ran. of course. I have only a
community of women left and a gang of
prisoners." with here and there a soldier,
who will give his captain the slip at the
first chance.
Saturday, July la— The gold fever has
reached every servant in Monterey. None
are to be intrusted in their engagement
beyond a week: and as fur compulsion,
it is like attempting to drive fish into a
net with the ocean before them. Gen
eral Mason, lieutenant Lanman and
myself form a mess. We have a house
and all the culinary apparatus requisite,
but our servants have run, one after
another, till we are almost in despair.
Even Sambo, who we thought would
stick by us from laziness If for no other
cause, ran last night, and this morning
for the fortieth time we had to take to
the kitchen and cook our own breakfast.
A general of the United States army, the
commander of a man-of-war and the
Alcalde of Monterey in a smoking kitch
« n, grinding coffee, toasting herring and
peeling onions: These gold mines are
going to upset all the domestic arrange
in' tits of society, turning the head to
the tail and the tail to the head.
Tuesday, July IS — Another l>ag of gold
from the mines and another spasm in the
community. It was brought down by a
sailor from Tuba River, and contains 130
ounces. It is the most beautiful gold that
has appeared in the market; it looks like
the yellow scales of a dolphin passing
through bis rainbow hues at death. My
carpenters at work on the schoolhouse,
on seems: it. threw down their saws and
planes, shouldered their picks and are off
for Tuba. Thr -i seamen ran away from
the Warren, forfeiting their four years'
pay, and a whole platoon of soldiers from
the fort left only their colors behind.
•■Thursday, August 16— Four citizens of
Monterey are just in from the gold mines
on Feather River, where they worked in
company with three others. They em
ployed about thirty wild Indians, who are
attached to the rancho owm-d by one of
the party. They worked precisely seven
i f ' ks and thrt ' e clays, and have 'divided
HERE'S A MAN WHO EARNS $28.60 EVERY MINUTE.
Ev>ery Secor\d JKat Is JicUe'd
Off orv tKe GlocU Earns JHim
Nearly Fifty Gents.
ognize this tall man of Pennsylvania
Dutch descent, whose face shows the
heavy lines and prominent nose that
are characteristic of that ancestry, as
he walks up the best known thorough
fare in America. Yet he is by common
consent the richest man on this conti
nent and one of the four richest in the
world. He controls the doings of a
veritable army of men, fixes the price
of such staples as oil and iron, manlp
AWAKENED AFTER A THREE YEARS' SLEEP
THE DOCTORS RAN TO THE COT WHEN THEY SAW HE HAD AWAKENED AFTER HIS THREE YEARS' SLEEP.
WILLIAM GIPP of Buffalo
was practically dead for
more than three years, and
when he awoke the other
day from the long dreamless
Bleep which was so near an
approach to dissolution memory
brought back to him no suggestion of
the terrible day when he murdered his
mother, shot his father and became a
child, a simple child, who had l«rst his
hat, and was crying because he could
not find it.
"Willie" Gipp was 20 years old when
something in- his brain went wrong,
three years ago, and when he awoke
on January 8 he believed he was only
20 still.
As far as can be learned there is no
taint of insanity or epilepsy in the fam
ily. Well reared by loving parents, the
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 30, 1898.
ulates sugar and natural gas commod
ities, changes freight rates and steam
ship fares, builds universities, immo
lates rivals of the most potential
port all over the world, including com
binations of men and millions that
have tacit state aid abroad, owns pal
aces In the metropolis, Cleveland, Ohio,
and up the Hudson, steam yachts cost
ing a fortune to construct and another
fortune to maintain, horses ad libitum,
;t private outdoor skating rink next
dour to his residence on a fash
ionable street, private swimming pools,
race courses, golf links, tennis courts,
Turkish baths in his home with mas
sage attendants— all like a veritable
prince of the realm. Yet so
quiet, so exclusive, so abhorrent of no-
• *
Strange condilion into which William Gipp. 20 years old, fell after murdering his mother and shooting his father.
boy, when he was grown, obtained em
j'l'iyinent as a car inspector for th<
high Valley Railroad. He worked hard
and steadily, and assisted in support
ing the home which he shared with his
parents.
But the boy of 20 fell in love with
Miss Mary Drews, who was 23. There
wai some talk at (tome tboul hfa being
too young to devote serious attention
to a woman, but the boy was del r
mined to marry, and knowing his pa
rents thought he was too young be an
ticipated trouble when he told them <>f
his decision.
The matter weighed upon his mind.
He was firmly decided to marry, but
he feared the consequences of announc
ing it to his parents.
It stood thus when he went to his
work on November 1, 1K94.* It was cold,
and at 1 o'clock on the following morn
ing he told his companions that he
would go home and get his heavy
HE IS WORTH $200,000,000.
toriety is he that not one of the hun
dreds of thousands who know his name
knows the man.
He is wholly unassuming in dress
and manner — almost sepulchral — and
always speaks in low, well-modulated
tones. His close cropped hair reveals
a head of the bullet mold; his well
kept hands sh",v strength and care.
Among his intimates, although they
mv very few comparatively, he is cor
dial; among business acquaintances
firm, self-reliant, resourceful, domi
nant. No Jewelry to speak of, the
plainest of plain dark cravats, neatly
polished shoes, a black derby hat, set
a little back from th«* high, broad fore
head, and drooping eyelids. He strides
along in a determined way, neither fast
nor slow. His vast possessions no man
can reckon except in the most general
way.
One reason why no one, not even
overcoat. His mother left her bed to ad
mit him. and when he had the coat and
was going she followed him into the
kitchen, intending to lock the door aft
er him. Up to that moment he was the
lming, stalwart son.
Then. ;,s she moved into the kitchen
behind him, something in his brain
worked abnormally, as when a well or
dered machine is destroyed by a de
fective bolt orcog. Suddenly he turned.
drawing a pistol, and without a
word shot her through the head. So
suddenly was it done that the woman
was dead before she cmild scream at
the horror of reading murder on her
boy's bice.
The report of the pistol brought the
father to the kitchen. His son stood
above the mother's body, pistol in hand.
One glance and the elder Olpp ran
Itralgfet at the pistol. The maniac's
aim was true, and a bullet penetrated
the fathers cheek, but he closed and
seized the weapon. «
There was a brief struggle, in which
the young man lost the pistol. Then he
dashtil through the kitchen door,
scaled a fence and was gone in the
darkness.
The father gave the alarm and the
<iiy was searched, the police by hun
dreds looking for a desperate murderer.
They found, after twenty-four hours.
a forlorn human beint^ crouching in a
barn, h man in frame, a child in intel
lect. Murder frenzy, fear, childishness
— these had come in turn as the poor
His Immense Fortune Is Piling
Up at the jpate of /I bout
$12,000,000 a year.
Midns himself, can tell how much he is
worth is because of the fluctuations of
hla various stocks. For instance, last
May sugar jumped to 300, making $40.
000,908 profit in three months. The oil i
men— meaning the Rockefellers prin- :
cipally— had been getting into sugar,
buying out the Havemeyer Interests
after Theodore Havemeyer died, so it
Is fair to assume that most of the tre
mendous profit went into the pockets
of William and John D. Rockefeller.
The dally life of this man of many
millions is as regular as clockwork. He
rises at 6:45 a. m. A few minutes later
his barber taps on the door, and In fif
teen minutes pockets 15 oents for the !
shave. A rule of Rockefeller is: Pay
a fair price to everybody; be just, but
wrecked brain worked on like a crip
pled engine.
"I've lost my hat," he said, piteously,
U they rushed upon him: "Please find
it for mo." And he fell to mumbling
incoherently^ The expression on his
face was thiit of a troubled child. Later
it became less intelligent. The lines
which made the face seem firmly
molded appeared to relax and to give
the effect of uabbiness.
In the face there was no trace of hor
ror at any time, only one of trouble
and bewilderment. "Willie" Gipp ex
isted no longer.
Some mental derangement had slain
him before he killed his mother. In law,
there was no one to expiate the crime,
so they moved the helpless creature to
the State Hospital for the Insane and
waited for him to die.
They who wonder about the soul may
wonder about the immortal part of
Gipp during the long trance which was
so like the sleep of death in its destruc
tion of memory and unconsciousness
of surroundings. Prom the moment of
his apprehension he relapsed quickly
into coma, as one who is utterly weary
and must rest.
They lifted him into a cot as if he
had been a patient under ether, and
thenceforward volition seemed to have
left him forever. He never spoke. He
never moved, except when the attend
ants forced him to and guided his
limbs. For perhaps half of the time he
lay on his back, his eyes fixed upon
the ceiling, but with vacant gaze. A
child would have followed with his eyes
the strategic marchings of flies upon
that ceiling, vaguely, but consciously.
Gipp, it seemed, saw nothing— certain
ly not the kitchen of his home, from
which they had carried out his mother.
No; he had forgotten even the hat he
lost when he became a child that day.
Wonderful as it appeared to the doc
tors, who expected that he would waste
away and die, he neither lost nor
gained weight. Physically he remained
what he was when they carried him to
his cot. In the matter of food he swal
lowed what was placed in his mouth
and ceased to swallow when they put
in no more. That he had" any feeling
in the matter no one could say.
Some who saw him held the theory
that his sense of motion and speech
was chained, but that he was aware
Of all that passed about him, remem
bered the killing of his mother and lay
there day after day, month after
month, going over and over the ter
rible events, unable to do anything but
think. This the doctors said was not
possible under the circumstances. He
did not think at all. they said, his con
dition being one of anesthesia, due to
shock.
On January 8. last, three years and
two months after the tragedy, "Wil
lie" Gipp awoke. The brain for a time
almost readjusted itself into the per
fect machine it had been before his
crime.
An attendant busy in the dormitory
at 5 o'clock in the morning heard an
unexpected noise behind him and, turn
ing suddenly, saw Gipp walking toward
him. His face wore a bewildered ex
pression. His hands ran through his
hair and rubbed his eyes. His glance
swept the room wonderlngly, as one
never seen before.
The attendant gazed at him in won
der and fear, he was so like one risen
from the dead. The boy's eyes fixed
themselves upon the nurse's face, and
don't let anybody overcharge you sim- :
ply because you can afford to pay.
When the shave is completed Mr.
Rockefeller knows his daily income has
passed the $477 10 mark.
Then he breakfasts, breakfasts plain
ly on a chop and potatos, as plain, but '
better served, as those munched by his
thousand and one clerks.
If the morning is pleasant one or two
of his daughters accompany him on the
drive in Central Park. He goes a
bracing pace till 10 a. m., when he is off
he said in a low, hesitating tone, as
one unused to speech:
'•Where am I?"
The attendant made no reply, but
ran in search of Drs. Frost and Bow
errrtan. All three returned in a minute
and found Gipp walking about the
room, examining its contents with in
terest. The physicians led him to his
cot and seated him upon It.
"Do you know where you are?" a
doctor asked.
"No; but I guess I am sick," he re
plied.
"What is your name?"
Rubbing his head as if to refresh his
memory, Gipp looked at the doctors for
a few seconds and then replied, "Willie
Gipp."
"How old are you, Willie?"
"Why," he said, "I'm twenty."
He appeared to wonder why they
should ask him these things, and yet
he had difficulty in finding a reply.
He is twenty-three, but his mind had
taken up life some time before the
tragedy when he was twenty— before
the sequence of events m his life was
broken by the brain lesion which made
him an insane matricide.
Again he dropped off to sleep. The
physicians issued orders that no- one
should disturb him or attempt to test
his memory further lest what nature
herself had done and the hope built
upon the momentary lifting of the
cloud be destroyed by untimely inter
ference.
But on January 10 the doctors
thought it well to admit the boy's anx
ious sister, Gussle, and she was al
lowed to go to his bedside. He lay
on hie back, staring at the ceiling, in
complete apathy.
"Willie!" the girl said, eagerly.
He looked at her, but in his eyes
there was no gleam of recognition.
"Don't you know me, Willie?" she
asked, brokenly.
He did not know her, and the fact
seemed to trouble him: He searched
her face long and sadly with question
ing eyes. Then he shook his head.
"I am your sister, Gussie," she said.
"I am your sister." he repeated, mo
notonously, as a child repeating part
of a lesson beyond its comprehension.
He could talk, but memory had fled
again. His father and brother came,
but he did not know them. To the rel
atives the physicians said they could
net decide for a week or more whether
there was a chance of permanent recov-
cry.
Medical men have been keenly inter
ested in the case. What puzzled them
most is the prolongation of the state
cf anesthesia, for it was their belief
that the boy would recover complete
consciousness or die in a few months.
Dr. William C. Krauss, an eminent
alienist, who has watched this case
with interest, said of it: "Gipp was
undoubtedly insane when he killed his
mother. It was a sudden seizure, prob
ably brought about by worry over the
interference he expected from his pa
rents in the marriage upon which he
proposed to enter.
"He passed from the violent state
into anesthesia, a condition usually
due to some injury or great shock. The
shock may have been a momentary re
alization of his crime. That would be
sufficient to throw him into the condi
tion in which he has existed ever since.
"I think it is questionable whether he
will ever recover control of his facul
ties, and he seems to be relapsing into
a state of coma once more."
to his downtown office. Very often ha
walks for the exercise.
Once seated at his office desic ha
plunges into work, the work of making
his giant income pile up faster.
At 1 o'clock he trots out to luncheon
and eats with a zest that shows he haa
enjoyed his morning's work. Well
might he, for his income has been
romping skyward the while.
Then comes more office work till 3:30
p. m., when the multi-millionaire is
helped on with his top coat aoid starts
to walk home if the weather is pleas
ant.
Dinner is announced at 7 o'clock. Not
a drop of any alcoholic liquid is served,
for the family is rigidly opposed to wina
and every sort of intoxicating drink.
Only a plain dinner is had, consisting
perhaps of oysters, soup, a roast, vege
tables and pudding, with coffee and
iced water.
It is 8 o'clock w-hen the family rise
and go into the drawing-room. There
are four pianos in the house, for Mr.
Rockefeller is fond of music, and no
one could charge him with extrava
gance even if he had a piano in every
room, and an organ, too. After his
daughters have played several classical
selections Mr. Rockefeller will take up
his violin. He is no mean performer,
though he makes no pretense of being
a finished musician, and before one is
aware of it the clock in the library has
tinkled 10 on its sweet cathedral
chimes. This is bedtime. The mem
bers of the household bid one another
an affectionate good-night and retire to
their several rooms.
Each year Rockefeller gives most
generously to the poor, to the cause of
education and so forth; dissipates
enormous sums in maintaining and im
proving his estates, enlarging his vast
business enterprises and so forth; yet
the golden stream rushes on, threaten
ing to encompass him, a veritable gla
cier, imperious, overawing omnipo
tent.
"God gives me wealth." he says.
Then he adds, 'Wealth does not bring
happiness, for many reasons." Then
men whose fortunes have been wrecked
to multiply Rockefeller's riches, the
crippled rivals, the poor deprived of
sustenance through mills, refineries
mines, railroads stilled by the power
of this one man, without title or
throne or scepter, smile grimly and
think of Midas and his fate.
WHAT
HAS
PHOTOGRAPHY
DONE?
Has photography accomplished any
thing? Yes, it has cheapened art
greatly. It has lowered the standard
with a public that instinctively pre
fers the sham and the machine made
and the microscopic; it has reduced the
artist to a demoralizing struggle with
the amateur simply to get his bread
and butter. In the beginning of the
century England was celebrated for
its beautifully illustrated books, in
which the greatest artists, engravers,
and printers collaborated to produce
a perfect whole. To-day the place of
these books has been taken by The
Strand Magazine and The Sketch,
thanks to the service of photography.
In the making of books, however, the
tendency has always been toward the
survival of the cheapest, and the
cheapest— usually the newest— has al
ways interested artists for a while,
though for other reasons than its
cheapness.
Steel engraving succumbed before
wood engraving and lithography, and
they, in turn, have succumbed to the
cheapness of the process man. In.
many ways, until lately, process was a
great advance upon any other form
of reproduction. Now, process- block
makers are mostly photographers, who
are killing each other in the race for
cheapness. Ido not want any one to
think I would imply that photography
is not useful to the ar?:st. On the
contrary, it is, and especially in illus
tration, since it preserves the illustra
tor's original design for him. It en
ables the architect to get, at small ex
pense and without the trouble of go
ing to see and draw them, bits, of de
tail in foreign lands, though this is a
questionable advantage. The world's
greatest architects managed very well
without it. One critic has said that
if photographers would turn their at
tention to the recording of historic
events like the Jubilee, .«r of vanishing
buildings, they could do an immense
service to art. In one way this is true;
in another it is not.
Surely this critic would be the last
to suggest that the cinematographic
"pictures"— the whole of them,
shown at the Empire, I think — are
equal to one picture of a procession by
Carpaccio, painted centuries before we
had any photographs. No doubt 22,000
artists would be required to secure as
many views of the Jubilee procession
as m ere obtained by the cinematograph
and their employment might have been
too much of a good thing. But if, say,
half a dozen accomplished artists had
been commissioned, and allowed to do
what they wanted, might we not have
had a record of some artistic impor
tance? As to the photographing of
old buildings, which would the archi
tect rather have, an etching by Pi
ranesi or a photograph by one of the
most revolutionary of the "Salon" pho
tographers? — Joseph Pennell, in Con
temporary Review.
The most remarkable railway in the
world is the one designed by Mr.
Xesom, an electrician, for use in the
Chilcoot Pass, and mountainous dis
tricts generally. By its means the loft
iest precipices can be skirted, the steep
est mountains scaled, and avalanches
and snowdrifts rendered powerless to
impede locomotion. The track, instead
of being carried over bridges or through
tunnels, is projected by stout girders
from the very face of the mountains,
and from it the car is suspended in
mid-air. The wheels on which the car
runs and the motor which impels It are
inside the track.
1920
GREAT ANNUAL SALE OF CONVICT LABOR IN FLORIDA
MANY HI MDRED MEN, WOMEN
AND CHILDREN ARE PRACTI
CALLY SOLD INTO
SLAVERY,
After a fashion slavery still
exists In the United States! Only
the other day at Albion, Fla.,
ISO men, women and children
were sold Into ■ bondage worse
than death, and the State of
Florida to-day to richer by 181,000.
To be sure, these poor wretches were
convicts, and had broken the laws. But
they were none the less human beings.
You might have had some difficulty in
realizing this could you have seen them
as I saw ill. m in all the misery of their
hopeless, squalid dejection. And they
were bought, body and soul, for the
period of one year. The State sold them
to four contractors, who had mad.- the
highest bids. Next year they will hare
other masters.
They have no penitentiary in Florida.
and so the convicts are sold Into slav
ery. To build penitentiaries means the
expenditure of money, and this the leg
islators m\- not willing to vote for, even
were the property owners willing to be
- taxed. SO the State of Florida.
instead of providing accommodations
for Its criminals, derives a pecuniary
belief,', from a form of traffic which la
appalling in this ntre of civilisation
and In this land of the free.
it isn't called slavery in Florida.
There is no auctioneer to cry: "How
much am I offered for this man"?"
There is no bidding and raising of bids.
The bidding has already been rion.> to
the Stale officials, and the entire lot
has been knocked down to the highest
bidders, oh. no, it Is not the selling
of slaves, they will tell you. The scene
I witnessed was merely the "annual
division."
Every year this is don.-. Albion is the
headquarters camp for the State con
victs, ami for several years previous
to my arrival gangs of shackled
wretches had been coming In from the
hosphate mines and turpen
tine ramps where they had been siav
luring th- it. There were
•" them; all told, crowded Into the
foul, miserable little stockade*
there were still more to come, as the
books show that on January 1 Florida
had 687 State convicts. The others were
to be driven up later— driven is the
word, for they arc handled like cat
md the "division" made when con
venient to the parties most interested,
which, of course, does not mean the
convicts themselves.
They were a pitiable lot, as T found
them, huddled against the stockade,
were black and some were white.
men, some women, and a few
children. They had been convicted
niy every crime In the calendar.
petty larceny up to murder, arson
rape, the latter three capit
b in Florida. These graver offend
ers had escaped the full penalty of the
law. either through some technicality
or the clemency of the Governor. Some
of them looked as though they wished
the law had taken Its natural course.
They were ranged along the stockade.
they had been huddled together
nd nights, like so many
she* p driven to the slaughter pen. They
had been crowded together Into a
stockade built for less than one-half
the number, and fully one hundred of
the number had been compelled to
on the cold ground, with the
frosty air and clear sky for a blanket.
Still, this may have been better than
was the lot of the others, who were
• 1 Into the little buiidinp. breath
inp the foul and putrid sir over and
over aixain.
The convict clothes were tattered
rags. Many of the men were without
shoes. All were dirty, and there was
not a face in which could be detected
the slightest gleam of hope. They knew
their fate. They knew what the past
had taught them, and what the future
hajrl in store. The contractors whose
9 had just expired had used the
greatest efforts to get the most work
possible out of their purchases.
The ld leases had expired, ami the
new ones for the year IV*< had been
negotiated. The new "lessees" — they
don't like to b,- sailed slave drivers
are J. A. Cranford. s. 1,. Varaadoe, W.
N. Camp, and West Brothers. They
had decided upon a division of the con
victs, and they actually dr»w lots to
ho should have th-- first choice
and the Wests and Camps followed m
irder named.
Cranford chose his man. then the
othi rs followed, selecting the strongest
of the miserable looking beings am
before them. of course there is al
ways a desire to secure the long-term
men: that is, those who are serving life
SNAP-SHOT PHOTOGRAPHS TAKEN OF A STEAM VESSEL SINKING AT SEA
Below are a set of pictures taken from snapshot phb
tographs of the foundering of a bis: ocean steamer. A
very interesting series of incidents led up to the taking
of the photographs, according to The Strand Magazine.
Here" is the whole story: The Osaka Steam Naviga
tion Company of Japan placed an order in England for
the construction of a passenger steamer of elegant lines
and high speed. This ship, afterward named the Tal-
Hoku. was built as Sir Railton Dfcksoa's yard at Mid-,
dlesborough, and engined by Kichardsons of Hartlepool.
In due time the vessel was ready to be handed over to
her owners; and accordingly she was provided with a
British captain and enough hands to take her over to
Antwerp, where she was to pick up a mixed cargo, con-
Fisting largely of cast-iron pipes. The Tai-Hoku was
also under orders to take up the remainder of her crew
at Antwerp. Altogether, there were forty-nine hands,
including Japanese, negroes, Belgians. Swedes and Ger
mans—a very mixed lot indeed.
The fifth day out from Antwerp was the on? on
which the disaster occurred. It was a Sunday, and a
frightfully foggy Sunday at that. This was" July 11,
Th|E DESERTED SHIP-FILLING RAPIDLY.
sentences, or whoso sentences hnve
years to run. For at the last session
of the Legislature a new lease of four
years was decided upon. And four yean
is s long time to Hvl under such con
ditions'
It was not until nightfall that the
four dealers in human beings had de
( Ided Upon their various choices. One
man was employed to check off the
names and keep the record of the con
victs as they were chosen by the con
tractors. This man was Alexander
Campbell, who is serving a life sen
tence for murdering his sweetheart,
pretty Mamie Joseph, at St. Augustine
several years ap:o. The tragedy was
one ,)f the most shockinp that has oc
curred in the history of the state, the
young pirl being pursued in the shrub
bery at her home and shot down.
Campbell pleaded insanity and he
saved his life to spend It in penal ser
vitude.
Finally the convicts were divided into
four lots, according to the choice of
their respective owners. And the next
day they were still further divided, as
they were apportioned off to the suh
es. For these contractors, he It
known, reap no small profit in renting
their slaves to other masters who have
not the necessary funds to deal directly
With the State.
1 was rather Interested in knowinp
that a man convicted <>f murder was
the fust choice. Cranford admired his
physique. He looked like a man who
could stand almost anything, so Cran
ford took him. His name is James
Kelly, and while a policeman In Jack
sonville, two years ago, he shot down
and killed a man from St. Louis.
Death only can release him from the
shackles that bind him unless execu
■ leniency shall Interfere with the
sentence passed upon him.
An average of a little rmrp than $30
p r he.id had been paid for this year's
labor of each man, woman and child
convict in the State— surely a plti
when it is considered that they ai
on the cheapest and coaisoat of food
and clothed in tho scantiest of raiment
in wint r and very little in summer.
of the |30 convicts thus disposed of
at Albion ninety-four were white and
the remainder were necroes. of the
whites there- were- ninety-one men. two
boys and one woman, of the negroes
twenty-one were women, thirty-one
boys between th< ages of 12 and IK. and
the remainder were men.
Phe convicts are ejrpfoyod princi
pally in the phosphate mines and tur
pentine camps of the State. They are
worked under guard, and generally
with shackles on their legs to pn
them from running away. Besides this
there is always an armed fora
guards over them, according to tbs
number of convicts, and In, case of an
attempted escape the guard does not
hesitate to shoot. Poor were killed in
this manner durinpr the last year.
A guard is kept busy during the en
tire year gathering up the convicts us
they .ire sentenced in the various coun
ties. The number frequently requires
several assistants. When being taken
from the County Jail they ate hand
cuffed together, and frequently a dozen
or more will be se< n being marched t..
YOUR CHANCES ON A NICKEL-IN-THE-SLOT MACHINE
' No. we don't always pet the host of
the machine," said the cigar dealer, as
he meditatively arranged home-made
cigars in a gorgeously labeled Havana
box. "Most people seem to think we
do, though, especially when they hap
pen to drop two or throe nickels at the
game.
"At the best we only get from ten
and a half to eleven cents for each bit
cigar we sell through the -machine. It
would pay us better to sell the cigars
for straight cash."
It was a leading < icrar store, at one
of the busiest Market street centers.
and the proprietor courteously pro
due, d ills-, l'.oks in order to assure a
Call representative of the vera< ity of
his statement. They keep a strict re
cord <.f the doings of the poker machine
at this place, or rather of the pair, for
as usual in large stores, there are two.
one on each end of the counter.
The main object of this arrangement
seems t.> !„■ to give customers a chance
to change their luck. If one machint
do.-s not give good results, most peo
ple try the other. While we were
talking, a well-dressed merchant bus
tled in. "Ten nickels, please." he cried
hurriedly, d -positing half a dollar.
1817. Here we had better let Mr. Cecil Lightfoot take up
the story. •...•".■•'
"We positively could not see from one side of the
vessel to the other. Our horns and sirens were hooting
and screeching like mad. It was about' 9 o'clock at
niKht. and we were twelve miles to the northwest of
Cape Espichel, on the Portuguese coast. I was sitting in
one of the main saloons and the ship Wai forging stead
ily but slowly ahead, when, without a moment's warn
ing, there was a frichtful crash and I was thrown half
wny across the room. I picked myself up and dashed
out without a moment's delay Into the alley-way. 1
waited there a moment, and then gained the deck in rec
ord time. I distinctly saw the outlines of a great steam
er slowly dropping astern. She continued to scrape th«
Tai-Hoku. ana as she cleared she strucK our ship a kind
of parting blow on the poop. Perhaps you can imagine
Into what a state of confusion our mixed crew was
thrown. Our captain, however, was a splendid fellow,
and when he saw the other ship' about to strike him, he
put his helm hard down, to that the blow was much lefts,
"severe than It might otherwise have been. Furthermore,
he restored absolute order In the ship within half an
hour of the collision.
THE SAX Fit AXCISCO C.VLI., SfXDAY, .IAMARY 80, 1898.
tho station in this manner. They are
taken t«» the headquarti Llblon.
where they are provided with the
■trlped suit, and then n ff to
th.' camp where they are n> work
their Bentei the camp is more
than twenty miles from Albion they are
taken on the train, but otherwise they
tarched through the country. Ar
riving at the camp, they are Bet to
work doing whatever the contractor d ■-
sires.
The work is hard, particularly to men
wh ■ are not act ustom< <t I
dally under the condition* that ti! -y
t<> \\<.rk. w ith shackled feet, the
chain b. in^ only sufficiently long t>>
Lt them to *. ike b step of about one
Then ho started in to play Byst<
ically, first at one machine and th< D
at the other, until he h:id dropped two
dollars' worth ot nickels. He didn't
got any wonderful hands, nothing bet
ter than two pairs, or a pair of
y.-t when he reckoned up the result of
his forty chances, h-- was entitle i to
twenty-two cigars.
"That will give YOU a fair idea of
how the thing works," said the pro
prietor. "The house is out just six bits
hy that deal, for tho man has two dol
lars and seventy-five cents' worth of
cigars for two dollars. As a general
rule, and barring exceptional chances,
a man playing a dollar gets his moneys
worth."
Yet it is the exceptional which often
happens, and cards have many strange
freaks, ijuite recently a man walked
into the st< .re, and at his first throw
got four aces on one machine. H
back and gased admiringly ;>t the h ind.
•it hooks so pretty," he remarked, "I
won't disturb it."
He walk, d to tho machine at the
other end of the t ouni I
again, when, behold, another !'"i;r
into view. The chances against
such a thing happening a:.- almi
calculable, yet it did happen.
In the same way, the chance of a
royal flush, which means a hoi
ANOTHER STfIGE.
• it a timr. In tl lite mines
. k, while others wheel it
out on barrows. 1:: the turpentine
- they n
the turpentine
ami prepare n for market. The work-
Ing 1 ours !■• ~n at Bunrise and continue
though it is often !um; after
this whei reach their camps,
their \\ >rk | >sslbly having been several
• rs.
At the tturn was
commlti
wat app nted to visit the
: .to. This eom
iiiit t . • the camps to
condition. The re
v follows:
- to the lucky gamester, seems ex
ngly remote. A clever mathema
tician Dilated that, with a full
irds, there are i. ".*•>.
:<*" possible poker hands, und of these
only forty <an be Hush sequences.
HM fours, :?744 full hands,
common Rushes, 10,200 common
■ 112 triplets. 1 1:."..".- two
U098.240 pairs, while the total is
com] let.- I by 1,302,540 other hands.
nines in use in this city
the . hance is slightly lessened because
the]. ;ir.- only fifty cards on the oylin-
Thia i educes the number of DOS
hands to 2,110,426, or by about on< -
fifth, and of course the winning combi
ne diminished in proportion,
with the exception of the royal Hush,
which is most unfairly treated, having
iportuity • iring divided in
I
This is because both the cards miss
ing from the machine, the ten of
spados a' the jack of hearts, are es
sential to a royal flush. In an ordinary
pack four royal flushes might occur;
on the poker machine there can be but
two. on the suits of diamonds and
dubs.
However, !n the month of December
re three royal and seven
i played here, while dur
: month of January tour
"The n< vt step taken was the letting down of thf of
n slings for thi i I tamlning the stdaa ot
refill inspection, however, they re-
I that there was very little apparent rtm»mgi
>'ond ; • \., t content with this. Cap
■ . • ■ . . porl every half
lock 1 water wan
\ • . it waa the captain's ln-
Malta but wl i «even feet *
• I at l! ..'clock he decided to max- for Lisbon in
us niKht. you may \>< sur.-. At hall
4 in th>- morning the Inexorable carpenter reported slx
"The ship was slowly sinkinc; tuero could he no
doubt of that: already >h>- was noticeably down by the
and her : . !,ts were slowly but
surely tilling.
managed Splendidly. "When elgb
■ • i. v r> •!. and oach
.:•!> merit of provisions, instruments
•'.il Sunday, and all nij,'ht
the fog was ol ty. Sirens and
poms m our .>wn wen beard very frequently,
but one could see nothing.
CONTRACTORS EXAMINING THE CONVICTS BEFORE MAKING THEIR BIDS.
"We went out to %vh"re the prisoners
■wore at work in th<- woods, examined
the buckets of Co >d. found that it was
m>t Wholesome; bread sour and v.ry
royal and three straight flushes have
so far turned up. Theoretically, the
last result is all wrong; there should
have been ever so many more straight
than royal Hushes. But calculations
s.'-m to hnve no effect on this curious
instrument; th»> boy with a solitary
nickel will drop in and win a prize
which the gambler has vainly risked
five or ten dollars to obtain. These are
every-day experiences, but the cigar
dealers rec >rd.s contain an instance of
more than normal eccentricity.
"We had a machine once," he said,
"which behaved outrageously. I
thought it was going to ruin the houae.
It kept on Turning up flushes and
BtraightS with the most alarming fre
quency, while four aces was the most
commonpli eurrences. It was
a new machine, and it had been run
ning m.ie than a month, when, one
day, in a fit of absent-mindedness, it
gave away its Iniquity. It displayed
live ac< B to our astonished gaze, and
the player who struck it at or.cc de
manded r>oo cigars for such a marvel
ous hand. Of course we didn't p-<\.
but instead we took the machine and
shook it to pieces. There were two
a. s of clubs within it. and for a whole
month it had been concealing the awful
fact from us. That machine ended its
career on our counter abruptly."
"At last the earpentet reported twenty-two fret of
water, and then the captain ordered everybody into the
boats ;it ;i minute's notice. I dashed downstairs i
if 1 could save .tn.y of my belongings, but the only thins
i could find hi the moment was my little hand >:.:
-■■■I •.!)■• strap about my shoulders in sue !\ a way
that the Instrument In no way Impeded my movements.
"After taking 11 1 > the boats wo remained very n< ar the
within hundxi >i yardi of so. By this time day
had dawned and I w.u* able to take the first two photo
graphs. There was, however, a considerable Interval
n them. After two m- three hours', a !.•. j
which proved to )>•■ the Mfflfield of Whltby,
us, in response r<< our Bag Blgnal "N. C— which,
■■..-. < i r- i i i- »-r tn the International rode, means In
require assistance.'
■•At our request, the Bfillfleld left us Immediately after
this, she beinp in v hurry to pet home. It was our In
tention to row u,i the Tagua to Lisbon, but the crew be
ing of very poor quality, this proved a pretty d
matter. At any rate, we determined t
ihlp The end was now very near. On*
iMnary occurrence thai hastened it waa the displacement
uf the engines, which, aa the Tai-Hoku's head !•
LAST FEW MOMENTS.
scarce at that, being unsifted and no
salt in it; found very small pit t
moat with lations. Health tolerably
pood: beds fair. We found at the can.'p
that the meal was mad- up sour, but
th. camp in fair condition otherwise."
In another case the camp of the pris
oners was found x>t be in a palmetto
and cypress swamp. Here was another
report: "Condition of camp bad; food
poor: bedding poor; prisoners over
worked. We found the prisoners at
supper. They had only bread and syrup,
and an insufficient quantity. There is
alsi? at this camp an insufficient ar
rangement for water for bathing pur
poses."
Here was another one: "We found
condition of ramp bad, white and col
ored convicts being in the same cells:
prisoners ill fed; bedding poor: poor
food, insufficient and ut poor material;
health bad. and treatment and disci
pline bad."
The criminals convicted of minor of
fenses are sentenced to serve terms in
the county jails, and this means, in
most of the counties of the State, thac
they are to be worked upon the county
roads. In Puval County, which has the
most criminals of any in the State, hav
ing the largest population, from forty
to sixty prisoners are worked in this
manner the year round. The county
pays a man forty cents a day to guard.
feed and work them. The work being
on the public roads, the county gets
the benefit of their labor, which is
considered to cost ten cents a day.
Even under this system the convicts
jir«- compelled to undergo many hard
ships.
Such is the convict system of Flor
ida—a system which reduces prisoners
to the level of slaves, upon whose la
pan to go down and her stern to come UP, fell right
through the ship with a rumbling Bound like distant
thunder, and doubtless made another great breach in
the bow.
"After another period of anxious waiting, the bridge
fell forward, at the same time jerking the cords that
communicated with the sirens, and causing them to send"
a weird scream over the face of the waters. The next {^,
moment— having, bo to speak, wished us farewell— the
huge -ship dived deliberately head-foremost- into 300 feet
Of water and was never Been again. .As the sea rushed
into the furnaces, steam and water-gas were generated: •
and these, rushing up through the smokestack, caused
a kind of explosion, which is very plainly seen in the
last photograph I took, just as the ship was disappear-
Ing. The upward rush of steam carried a great quantity
of s»ot from the rims, and this caused a dark cloud to
hover over the place where the Tai-Hoku sank. There
was no whirlpool of any kind. When this great vessel of
SIOO tons took her last dive the little flotilla of boats
could not have been more than 130 yards distant. Stand
ing by after her- disappearance, we saw pathetic bits of
wreckage coming slowly to the top— hen-coops, a boat,
fire buckets, seats, lifebelts and so on."
FINAL Pt-UNCE-BOILEKS EXPLODING.
bors the contractors profit and grow
rich.
BACK FROM THE RACES.
Hi >W easy it is to pick the win
ners; aye, and the losers, too.
See that skulking figure in black
yonder, sliding along against
the wall. Rest assured, someNp
tout has tempted her to risk her
husband's hard-earned wages.
Two colored ladies flit by, their gay
apparel in direct contradiction to such
woe-begone faces. A jolly party fol
lows, unmercifully joshing a sorrowing
brother. I catch the words. "Thelma"
— "Knew soon as I saw her" — "Sure
winner." "Veil, veil," replies the sor
rowful one; "vy didn't you told me?"
Several young men pass. "Why
didn't — "If you" — "Played as I wanted
to—."
A group of slovenly mudhens scurries
past, each clutching a crumpled score
card in an ungloved hand.
A swellish-looking crowd passes, ac
companied by the darkest of darkies.
adorned in a sporty suit of checked
tweed. He is gesticulating positively.
One of the party — a lovely youns
woman — rests her hand upon his shoul
der, devouring his every look and word.
Uthers trail past — some moody, others
triumphant, as the case may be.
"What luck, Jerry?"
N.i answer, save a shrug of the shoul
ders.
'Brace up, old man; better luck to
morrow."
The old song:, "Better luck to-mor
row — and if not to-morrow, next day,
sure." G. B.QUEER COUNTRY WHERE EVERYBODY GOES ABOUT ON STILTS.
THERE: are people in this world
who live and move and have
their being on stilts.
This is a whole community of
people, and not a community of
small boys, cither, moving about on
extra-lorig wooden I< ga for the fun of
the thing. They live seriously and ear
nestly, and go about their business in
town and suburb elevated on stilts. The
place of their living is in France, and
is called the Landes— a bit of grim hu
mor, as there is not a particle of good
land anywhere about it. It consists
chiefly of vast prairies and marshes
covered principally with heath, furge,
•reed, bracken and broom, and varied
with clumps of sea pine, acacia, oak
and cork. The character of the country
is suc-h that the Inhabitants discovered
very early that they could get over it
and around it very much better on
stilts than they could afoot. Hence
their high life.
It is a strange sight to see the post
man advance to the door, towering
several feet above the proper height,
and gravely bearing the mail, and
walking calmly and without difficulty
over the gate post in his leaving, and
the peasant woman, her market bas
ket carefully stowed out of the way
and her stilts properly adjusted, goes
proudly down the streets in search of
cabbages and potatoes with perfect
ease and confidence. The shepherd,
high in the air on his long stilts, fol
lows his Hock in the same fashion;
the children go to school on stilts, and
the resin collector, as he passes suc
cessively from each pine forest, takes
his walk in the prevailing fashion. In
short, everyone goes about on stilts.
If a man, woman or child isn't on stilts
in Landes everybody turns around to
look at him or her as some sort of a
freak.
In Landes there are fashions in stilts
just the same as there are fashions in
shoes in the ordinary world. Generally
all are of equal length, so that no man
nor woman, walking along th*: streets
of Landes, can look down upon his fel
low, but the richest and the poorest
must be of the same height. This is
as it should be, for when one Landes
citizen meets another on the street or
afield he wants to meet him on the
level, even if it is high up in the air.
When on their native heath the long
stick carried by the stilter becomes a
third leg, fitting into the stilters back
and supporting him on a sort of trip<*3.
whilst with his disengaged hands he
rapidly knits one of the footless stock
ings peculiar to the Landes. These
fellows have great distances to cover;
hence the stilts. The bracken and
heather are often wet and the plains
swampy; hence, again, the stilts. The
sheep are often concealed among the
undergrowth; hence— for the third time
— the stilts.
Naturally this daily life on stilts has
bred a sort of rivalry in stilt walking,
running and jumping, Just the same as
ordinary foot exercise in ordinary lands
has led" to six-day walking matches,
100-yard dashes and other kinds of ped
al athletics. Anyone who is a novice
in stick wear and the use of stilts has
no idea what a man or woman can ac
complish after spending several years
reaching over the earth with them.
Jack in his seven-league boots would
haw a hard job trying to keep up with
an indiarubber stilt expert trying to
get half a dozen refractory hogs into
a Landes pen.
In 1592 the first of the great annual
stilt races began. It has grown in
popularity ever since, till now the day
la an occasion for a grand fete, and
curious outside mortals as well as the
excited inhabitants of Landes travel far
and eagerly to see it. Men, women and
children take part in these races, di
vided into the three classes.
In the eventful and record race of
1892, which has been followed in out
line ever since the course for men was
from Bordeaux to Bayonne and Biar
ritz and back to Bordeaux (302 miles);
and for women, from Bordeaux to Ce
rons and back (37 miles). The first
prize in the big race was 1000 francs and
a silver-gilt medal; the second, 500
francs and a medal; and the third, 250
francs and a medal. To these must be
added any number of class medals and
money prizes offered by institutions
and clubs, and a vast quantity of mis
cellaneous goods offered by tradesmen
with an eye to advertisement.
The committee decided, first, that the
stilts might be as long or as short as
the competitor pleased. Second, he
might carry a stick, clothes, provisions,
repairing implements, or a change of
stilts. Third, he might dismount now
and then, but in such cases he must
carry his stilts, and must, moreover, be
mounted on them when he presented
himself at the "control posts."
There were control posts (generally
cafes or hotels) established at twenty
two villages en route, and each of these
stations was manned by cyclist volun
teers belonging to various great clubs.
These gentlemen received the stilters
as they passed through, taking signa
tures and recording times. Doctors
were in waiting at some of the control
posts, and there were also representa
tives of •first aid" societies to attend
to stilters with cut or swollen feet.
Owing to the gTeat number of entries.
It was arranged that each Landais
commune should elect Its champion and
pay his expenses right through. An ex
pense fund was, however, started later
on, so that each competitor was at least
sure of receiving his railway fare to
and from Bordeaux.
The interest taken in the race was
manifested by the great crowd, who not
only filled the streets, but also the bal
conies and windows of private houses,
cafes and hotels.
Here is an idea of the magnanimous
way in which shopkeepers offered
prizes: A tailor on the Cours d'Alsace-
Lorraine, announcing himself as a lover
of all sports, offered 'his finest suit of
clothes made to order." Other sar
torial artists followed suit until at
length it looked as though the peasants
from the Landes would all return home
in new clothes. The municipality of
Bordeaux contributed 100 francs and
two medals. One, Pelala, a merchant
of Bergerac, offered "twelve bottles of
my nourishing Anisette." A man at
Barsac would give a glass of Haut
Sauterne to each stilter, whom he would
not detain more than five seconds. A
bronze medal was offered to all com
petitors who, starting off on Thursday.
May 26, when the flag fell, returned to
the starting point, after having accom
plished the journey, on Thursday, June
2, before 9 p. m.. Paris time.
The number of medals offered by va
rious bodies increased at quite an
alarming rate. There was one for the.
youngest stilter who accomplished the
journey in the specified time; and an
other for the oldest. There were med
als offered by various towns en route
for the first stilter to arrive there: and
there were medals for the champion of
the Departments of the Landes and Gi
ronde. .
One enterprising firm, not to be out
done, offered a prize of 50 francs for
the last stilter who should arrive at the
post before the closing of the race. The
keeper of the Anglo-American bar of
fered to each competitor "two excel
lent ham sandwiches." A private en
thusiast placed at the disposal of the
winner a gorgeously furnished flat,
with the use of bathroom and masseur.
Watchmakers, perfumers, bootmakers,
hatters, and, in short, tradesmen of all
kinds, sent along or promised speci
mens of their wares to the valiant stilt
ers.
There were in all eighty-one entries
and sixty-nine starters: thus twelve
forfeited the entrance fee. In the in
terval between the first announcement
and the race, intending competitors
had gone into training. When at length
all competitors were marshaled in line
a pistol was fired, and the queer caval
cade set off leisurely dmvn the beauti
ful Cours de l'lntendence, or Regent
street, of Bordeaux.
Although the men had bits of rubber
on the enris of their stilts to deaden
concussion, they suffered greatly from
a kind of paralysis of the legs, and
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 30, 1898.
also sore and chafed feet. Every care
was taken of them, however. At Biar
ritz. Pierre Deycard of Rilos (the first
prize winner), was treated with an eau
de Cologne and brandy friction by the
head controller, who happened also to
be a doctor.
During the progress of the race there
■was but one question on the lips of the
Bordelais: Who will win? It was
doubtful all through. Dominique Rou
megoux of Ychoux held the lead for
a long time and was terribly anxious
to win, his master having promised
him, in that event. 100 francs over and
above everything else. On arriving at
Dax, Roumegoux had « noticeable fix
ity of expression, through lack of
sleep; whil> his immediate rivals,
Dugrand and Peyserre. arrived quite
gay, the latter dancing a pas seul on
his stilts, after signing at th*> control
post, and exchanging news with great
volubility and vivacity. Poor Jean
Cailliard, th^ oldest man who took part
in the race, was utterly done up when
NEW USE FOR THE BICYCLE.
The newest use of the bicycle is as a surveying machine. Not merely a ma
chine to carry a surveyor from point t.i point, but aa a mwrhlm which performs in
itself the mechanical part- of th»- surveyor's work. Tht- United State* army is con
sidering the advisability of adopting this machine as an adjunct t<> tactics Hv
nie-an6 of an attachment the exact topographical characteristics of a road may be
ascertained, with no other exertion on the part of the surveyor except a ride along
the road in question. The rider may travel aa fast as be likes or as slow as he
likes, but when he has finished his trip, every gradient, hill or hotlow will have
been accurately marked off on a long strip of paper, which is part of the attach
ment in question. On thiß strip of paper the exact height of the hills and depth
of the hollows are indicated.
The Importance of the invention in military practice can be easily appreciated.
Hereafter a general contemplating a march can order his chief engineer to find
out the exact topography of a road over which the army is to pass. The engineer,
taking his wheel, can ride on ahead and return in a short time with an exact pro
file of the road so that every obstacle in the way of heavy ordnance or supply
wagons can be known and provided for lons before the troops even start on their
way. Or while the army is on the march the engineer can ride ahead and leave
his records at various stations alonp the road, his general thus being able to have
placed before him, en route, the exact description of the road ahead of him.
Under orders from General Gobin of the Third Brigade Pennsylvania militia,
a survey of the Voad around Hazelton, Perm., connecting all the camps and the
strategic points, was recently made. A method of rapid road sketching was
adopted, and 49.22 miles were surveyed by means of a bicycle equipped with a
cyclometer and a compass. It required nineteen hours to do this alone, and the
distances and directions were then drawn out on paper. The elevations were all
derived from barometric levels. This work occupied a great many hours, and yet
the 'survey was so quickly made a-« to establish a new record for rapid work.
The device is the invention of John Riddell. the mechanical export of Sche
nectady, N. Y. It is simple enough. It consists primarily of two parts, a cylin
der revolving mechanism to carry the strip of paper on which the record is made,
and a device to make the record. The cylinder revolving mechanism is a slender,
horizontal shaft. The cylinder is turned by means of a belt attached to the crank
axle of the bicycle. As the cylinder turns the strip of paper Is unrolled from a
spool. The marker, hanging by means of a pivot and controlled by a complemen
tary mechanism, adjusts itself to the position of the bicycle. When the bicycle
runs down a hill, the marker moves toward the lower edge of the paper strip.
when the bicycle mounts a hill, the pointer travels toward the upper side of the
paper. Naturally, the movements of the paper are in proportion to the size of th«
prominence or declivity along which the bicyclist is moving". The paper on which
the record is made is marked off »in parallel, horizontal lines. The scale is gauged
so that every foot marked off on the paper represents 7fC feet of road. The ver
tical scale is 400 to one. so that if a hill shown on the paper strip Is one inch high,
the real hill of which the marking Is a miniature picture, is 400 inches high. It is
thus very easy to calculate the distance and height of every grade passed over.
he arrived at Orthez. 183 kilometers
from the starting point. He hustled
off to bed, poor chap, and went home
by the 4 o'clock train next day, weep
ing; over his fate.
There was a vast deal of excitement
in Bordeaux from day to flay during
the race. The offices of the daily pa
lters were besieged day and night by
a surging crowd, which eaeerly read
the telegrams and betted on the out
come.
Sometimes the stilts broke, al
though they were made of strong ash.
The men would then halt for repairs
and seize the opportunity of taking a
meal— soup and fried eggs, perhaps,
with coffee and white wine. The whole
race was a triumphal progress for the
lucky Landais, who certainly never be
fore had had such a good time. First
arrivals at various control posts were
presented with bouquets. laurel
wreaths and more substantial tokens
in the shape of free rations and money.
Others frankly touted for contributions
in the towns, and made a grand thing
of it.
Lafont won a silver gilt medal and
500 francs, and Dugrand a medal and
250 francs, besides a substantial share
of miscellaneous prize money and
goods. Roumegoux, the Landais shep
herd who strove so earnestly to win,
received a consolation prize of a medal
and 125 francs. Lafont. at the close of
the race, sold his stilts (which ha
made himself, as they all do) to a shop
keeper on the Cours de l'lntendance.
Clearly the unsophisticated peasants
"knew something." At any rate, La
font had cove-red on his 112 kilometers
in sixteen hours. His number was
nineteen, and of course— like the rest —
he carried a book of rules for his guid
ance, as well as a map of the course.
Lafont is 28 years of age. He finished
the race on May 30 at 9:38 p. m., his
time being 108 hours 16 minutes.
Dugrand, Lafont's companion for the
greater part of the way, reached the
winning post at twenty minutes past
2 In the morning of the 31st (112 hours
fifty minutes). He arrived on his stilts
with a firm and rapid step. He was ac
companied by a crowd of cyclists and
pedestrians, who sang and cheered him
alternately.
Dubet had rather a bad fall through
the breaking of his left stilt when only
a few hundred meters from Villan
drant. He was delayed some time
making the necessary repairs.
Pierre Deycard of Bilos, commune of
Salles. department of the Gironde, the
first prize winner and champion, won
the most valuable of all the many
medals, besides 1000 francs and the
lion's share of the minor prize money
and gifts in kind. His number was
fifty-one and his age 31. He arrived
on May 30, at two minutes to 5 in the
evening, only a few hours ahead of La
font. His time whs 103 hours 36 min
utes, and his average 4 kilometers 938
meters an hour, including stops. His
progress was a veritable tour de force.
He was terribly anxious to win. His
short snatches of sleep were broken by
dreams, in which he seemed to be buy
ing cows with the prize money and set
tling down to married life with his
sweetheart. At St. Vincent de Terosse
he was followed by musicians, who
played "La Marseillaise" with so gr%at
an effect upon the crowd that one gave
him M francs, another 20, and so on.
At Dax he found great crowds waiting
for him. He was too fatigued to no
tice them, and had to ask his cycling
escort U) mar at him in order to keep
him awake. He even dozed on .his
stilts, still striding mechanically. Cam
phorated brandy frictions were tried,
to get rid of the cramp that threatened
him. Young girls came out to meet
him with laurel wreaths and bouquets,
and he was given a general triumph
and escorted home by his jubilant stilt
walking friends.
It was the greatest day in the history
of stilt walking. Landals and even the
stilt walking baker still talks about it
as he delivers the bread to the stilt
walking servant girl.
A MINISTER'S LIFE
IN
PIONEER TIMES.
By Rev. S. H- Willey.
RKV. S, H. WILLEY. for
many years past a resident of
San Francisco, was the first
Presbyterian clergyman to come
to this State. He was a passen-
ger on the steamer California
on her first trip up from the Isthmus,
and landed at Monterey, then the seat
of the Territorial Government, the
headquarters of a. detachment of the
regular army, and the most important
town on the coast, February 23, 1849.
Not many months after this he married
the charming sister-in-law of one of
the army officers, and for forty-eight
years the two have lived and labored
together. Retired from active service
now, they are spending the twilight of
their days in an ideally happy home.
An hour spent in their entertaining so
ciety gives one a very realistic idea of
California life fifty years ago, as it cen
tered about a clergyman and his fam
ily.
'When I came to Monterey," says
Mr. Willey, "there was no Protestant
church in all California, and do scnool
other than Mission instruction. I held
services in a hall with a small congre
gation, composed for the most part of
women, the wives of officers and sol
diers, and a few civilians. The gold
fever was of course very high, and the
soldiers gave their superiors a great
deal of trouble by deserting at every
opportunity and going to the mines.
Supplies were very costly, and the cir
culating medium was nuggets and
goose quills filled with gold dust.
"In September of that year (1849) the
Constitutional Convention to form the
State Constitution was convened in
Monterey, and the session lasted for
thirty days. I was chaplain of that
convention and took a great interest in
its work, the result of which endured
for thirty years.
"The capital being changed to San
Jose and the army post being moved to
Benicia caused a general exodus of the
English-speaking people from the
pretty little seaside town, which had
been so full of life and business, and I
came with others to San Francisco.
"This city was the busiest place
imaginable for the next few years. No
one had any time for anything but
money-making in some form or other,
and the population was composed of
excited crowds of strangers, constantly
changing as to personality, and inter
ested in each other only as means to
the desired end of financial success.
"In May, 1850, I started the Howard
Presbyterian Church in a building sit
uated on Natoma and Jane (now New
Montgomery) streets, in what was then
known as 'Happy Valley.' This was a
sort of an oasis, a pretty little resi
dence quarter in a setting of trees and
chaparral and grass, sheltered from the
winds, and separated from the business
portion of the town, by the immense
sand dune which extended from what
is now Haitcht street to beiow Second.
"The houses were what is known as
"knock-down' affairs, ihe frames being
made and accurately fitted in the East
and then sent out here in conveniently
portable form ready to be set up al
most as easily as children's block
houses. W. D. M. Howard, Captain
Folsom and Samuel Biannan were the
men who had them made and brought
here, and it was an excellent invest
ment for them, for, although they con
tained only seven small rooms, they
rented for $150 a month and were never
empty.
"One of the advantages of life in
Happy Valley was its immunity from
the disastrous fires which from time
to time swept over the other parts of
the city. The business portion of the
town was composed of flimsy wooden
buildings lined with cheese cloth, and
many tents, and a fire once started was
apt to run for blocks. Four or five
times the central part of the city was
burned completely over, at a loss of
hundreds of thousands of dollars, and
an alarm of fire struck terror to every
heart.
"I well remember the second Sunday
after our church was opened that just
as I had begun service the fire bells
started ringing and every man in my
congregation rose and went out, leav
ing me in the midst of my prayer. I
remember, too, that as soon as that
prayer was ended I left the church my
self and spent the rest of that day
fighting fire with ail my might.
■Gambling houses were a great fea
ture of the city at that time. Three
sides of Portsmouth square were <
bounded by such establishments, and 1
they were crowded day and night right '.
along. Miners and adventurers of all 1
kinds frequented them, and enormous !
sums of gold changed hands there con- 1
stantly.
"Much of my time was spent in local ]
hirme missionary work, for, plenty as
gold was, there were many cases of ac- :
tual distress. There were not a few
families whose breadwinners were at
the mines, and many sick, unfortunate
and disappointed persons who had no
friends to care for them. To search
these out was my special task, and I
am glad to say that I never lacked for
means to carry on this work. Those
who were prosperous were only more
than willing to give me funds to dis
tribute to the needy. They had no time
to attend to such things themselves,
but they had money in plenty, and they
gave it freely.
"Another part of my work was visit
ing the dying and burying the dead.
No matter how reckless and even wick
ed a man's life might have been if he
had any time in which to prepare for
death hf» always wanted a clergyman
beside him at the last, and made a dy
ing request for Christian burial, and I
did my best at all times to carry out
their wishes. During the cholera vis
itation in the fall of 1866 my work in
this line was very onerous. A remark
able thing about that cholera season
was that the generality of San Fran
ciscans did not seem to be at all alarm
ed over it. They were too busy and
preoccupied to give the fact of its ex
istence fan their midst more than inci
dental attention, but many poor fellows
died of it and of the fevers which were
so prevalent during those years of ex
citement, personal carelessness and un
sanitary conditions.
"In 1850 the Protestant Orphan Asy
lum was started by Mrs. Dr. J. H.
Warren over in Happy Valley to care
for the children whose parents had died
in crossing the plains, and the institu
tion was well supported from the first.
People could afford to be generous
when the most incapable household
help commanded $20 a week and more.
"One peculiarity of a minister's life
in those days was that he had to attend
not only to spiritual but to material
matters. He had to take a leading and
practical part in the affairs of every
daylifeand was kept as busy in his own
way as the merchants and miners and
gamblers were in theirs. We took an
especial interest in politics, for the rea
son that the affairs of the city drifted
into the hands of the worst class in the
community because of the indifference
of the better class in regard to civic
matters. They 'hadn't time to attend to
anything but their own private busi
ness': that was the excuse of the mer
chants and solid men of the town, and
it was the clergymen's self-appointed
work to combat this state of things and
put matters on a better basis.
"There were seven or eight Protest
ant clergymen in San Francisco after
the first, and we all worked together in
perfect harmony for the moral, educa
tional and personal wellbeing of her
citizens.
"All the memories .of the unrestful
stir and confusion and feverish excite
ment which made the life of those ear
ly days are overshadowed by the mem
ory of the good deeds that were done,
the good institutions thai were founded
and the good spirit that prevailed
among the exponents of different
creeds, who met here on the broad plat
form of real love and true benevolence
to their fellow men."
The origin of the term '•deadhead"
is thus accounted for in Leopold Wag
ner's volume on "The Significance of
Names":
"Fifty years ago the principal ave
nue of the city of Detroit (U. S. A.)
had a tollgate close to the Elmwood
Cemetery road. As the cemetery had
been laid out some time previous to
the construction of the plank road, it
was arranged that all funeral proces
sions should be allowed to pass alone:
the latter toll-free. One day, as I >r.
Rice, a well-known physician, stopped
to pay his toll, he said to the gate
keeper: 'Considering the benevolent
character of our profession, I think
you ought to let us pass free of
charge.'
" 'No, no, doctor,' replied the man.
'We can't afford that; you send too
WONDERFUL POWERS
OF A BABY SEERESS
Only three years and a half old and she makes strange predictions of
coming events.
LITTLE Winifred Cline of Chi
cago is one of the most remark
able babies of the age. Although
only three and a half years old
she is a psychic wonder, possess
ing powers of foretelling events
with an accuracy which is little less
than marvelous. Her prophecies have
been confined entirely to the home cir
cle, and it must not be imagined for
an instant that little Winifred is be
ing exploited as a public character. No
public exhibitions of her strange pow
ers have been made, nor are any likely
to be made.
She Is simply a little girl to whom the
mysteries of the future are as an open
book. During the late Presidential
campaign, |ays the Tribune, Winifred
employed her prophetic powers in pre
dicting the election of Major McKin
ley. Mr. Cline and Mr. McNally, his
father-in-law, were ardent supporters
of the cause that the majority sub
sequently decided to be mistaken. Like
all Bryanites, they felt and expressed
the utmost confidence that their can
didate would succeed. With the Cline
home full of unopposed Bryan argu
ment and prognostication, and Wini
fred never hearing any question made
as to the correctness of the statements,
it occasioned her family some little sur
prise when she took it upon herself to
champion the cause of McKinley.
"Mr. Bryan will not be elected," she
firmly asserted. "Mr. McKinley will
be the next President." They tried
to talk her out of the idea, but she
persisted in it resolutely. At the time
when she first made the statement she
was just completing her second year.
Mr. Cline's business not infrequently
calls him out of the city. During such
absences it is his habit to write to his
family at regular and frequent inter
vals. In one case not long ago the
letter was not received when It was
expected. Mrs. Cline was disposed to
be anxious, and told Mrs. McNally that
she could not understand why "Sam"
had not written. Mrs. McNally as
sured her daughter that pressure of
business was undoubtedly the cause of
Mr. Cline's failure to write the night
before, and expressed confidence that
they would hear from him the next
morning.
"But he wrote last night." objected
Winifred, who was listening.
The two ladies said that if he had
done so the letter would have reached
them with the first delivery in the
morning. The child refused to alter
her statement, whose truth was
proven in the letter received that af
ternoon. The writing had been done
on the previous evening, as was shown
in the letter. There had been a delay
in mailing.
On another occasion Winifred in
formed her grandmother that they
would go together that day to visit
Mrs. Charles Vail, an acquaintance of
the family. Mrs. McNally said the
visit would be impossible, as Mrs. Vail
had lately moved and had not yet told
Mrs. McNally her new address. This
did not disconcert Winifred in the
least. She did not say that she
thought she and her grandmother
would go to Mrs. Vail's; she was se
renely and unshakably sure of it. A
few minutes after the discussion, the
postman, on his morning round, de
livered a letter. The letter was from
Mrs. Vail, stating that she was set
tled in her new home and inviting
Mrs. McNally to bring Winifred to
spend with her the day on which the
letter was received. Acceptance of the
invitation verified the augury.
In general appearance Winifred Cline
is anything but the seer described by
tradition. She is plump, rosy and pret
ty — an image of perfect health. She
does not go into long trances or shut
herself off from the company of other
people. On the other hand, she is vast
ly interested in dolls, picture books and
the rest of the fixtures of a well-regu
lated child's life. Her predictions often
are made in the midst of play. She
will pause a moment, assume a serious
expression, deliver her statement and
continue her sport. The entire Inter
ruption seldom c-ccupies as much as
two minutes.
many deadheads through here as it
is. 1
"This story, as related by the doctor
himself to his friends the same even
ing, soon traveled far and wide, and
ever afterward those persons whose
occupations entitled them to travel
free on railroads, steamboats and
public vehicles, or to admittance to
places of amusement without charge,
received the name of 'deadheads.' "
W. A. Dougherty, secretary of the
Chicago branch of tho The-isophical So
ciety, after hearing a description ot
Winifred's performance, without hesi
tation declared her gifted with psychia
power.
"Such cases occur," said Mr. Dough*
erty. "where the subject meets exact
ly the necessary conditions, spiritual
and physical. The conditions require %
certain perfect harmony between a per-,
fectly sensitive spirit and a perfectly
healthy body." Mr. Dougherty had not
been informed of the child's exception*
al health. "When the gift is properly
cultivated it develops into a source of
almost indefinite power. 1\ the chilcl
were mine I should consider her a Jew*
el of inexpressible, value.
2122
THE WORLD
OF BOOKS
A CHAT ABOUT ANTHONY HOPE.
WHEN Rudolph Rassendyl be
came a being of modern fic
tion then the world knew that
it had a new novelist. At first
many pood people of literary
proclivities would not
"The Prisoner of Zenda" because
It was much talked about and, therein.
not a thing on which to waste time. But
finally they did read it. And then the
ambition of Mr. Hawkins to become a
great politician or a great lawyer was
destroyed. In fact. Anthony Hope Haw
kins, who had given George N. Curzon
Buch a hard fight for the place qf Mem
ber for the Southern Division of South
Bucks, disappeared and the world only
knew Anthony Hope.
America appreciated Anthony Hope be
fore England did; but that is hardly
■worth recording, for they are rather slow
of appreciation over there of late. An
thony Hope Hawkins is the son of a
clergyman of the Episcopalian church,
and his father used to keep school in one
of the London suburbs. Anthony was
brought up to look forward to the law
as his walk in life, and. after being at
an English public school and at Oxford,
duly followed out the course marked
down for him and was admitted to the
bar.
He did not have many clients, and In
one of the first cases he had, which was
a criminal case, his nervousness con
victed the whole batch of his clients.
Then he went in for politics and practiced
law "on the side." When he was IS years
old— that is. in ISS9— he first began to write
for publication. Why he wrote he him
self does not know, for when he offered
his book for publication he was still of
the idea that he was destined to make his
mark as a lawyer or a politician, or both,
and his principal literary food had been
"The Pilgrim's Progress." This book he
used to take to bed with him when he
was a child; and it shows the pow<>r that
is inherited in every one of rising above,
the influences of their youth, that he
should ever have been able, after such a
handicap, to write the "Prisoner of
Zenda."
When "Anthony Hope" was at the.
Marlborough school and at Oxford he was
a first-class football player. He- did not
stand high at the preparatory school, but
did pretty well at Oxford. His first book.
"A Man of Mark," he had to publish at
his own expense, and it was not a finan
cial success at the time. When fame
came to him, however, he republished the
book, and more than got square with the
world, financially, for its former lack of
appreciation.
In 1890 he published his second book,
"Father Stafford," which also fell flat at
the time and is now much admired. The
lack of financial success in the matter of
literature did not dautit Mr. Hawkins,
and he went to writing short stories. He
had lost money on his books and he did
not get rich on his short stories. In ISO 2
he published "Mr. Witt's Widow," and
that was his first success. But that was
not a glaring one. Then he wrote "A
Change of Air" and 'Half a Hero," and
finally "The Prisoner of Zenda."
After that he became a fixed star in
the literary firmament and has reluctant
ly given up the idea of being Lord Chan
cellor or Prime Minister except in such
kingdoms as Ruritania. After "The Pris
oner of Zenda." he wrote "The Dolly
Dialogue," "The God in the Car" and
"The Indiscretion of the Duchess." all of
which were well received. Mr. "Hope"
does not find time to do much reading,
but when he does read he prefers r.
and his favorite authors are George Mere
dith, Kipling and Stevenson. As to p -try.
he rarely reads it. and, still more won
derful, has never written any.
His work room, where he thinks and
writes. Is far away from his home, anil
. he goes to it every morning as a lawyer
would go to his office. His "den" is in an
old house at No. 16 Buckingham street,
London, and he reaches there every week
day at 9:45 and works until 4 or 5 in the
afternoon. He does not set himself any
fixed task for the day. but writes what
he feels in the best mood for, taking, as
he says, "anything 1 that the Lord sends."
He never rewrites, but corrects his manu
script carefully.
Mr. "Hope" received several offers to
lecture In America soon after the success
of "The Prisoner of Zenda," but kept
saying to his tempters, "I will go to the
States some day; there is plenty of time
for that." Now he has yielded, and Is
with us.
IN OLD COLONIAL DAYS.
MEN. WOMEN AND MANNERS IN CO
LONIAL TIMES— By Sydney George
Fisher. J. B. Lipplncott Company. Phil
adelphia. For sale by Hoffman, San
Francisco.
Tf Mr. Fisher had styled his two fas
cinating volumes "The Lament of the
rolonial Cavalier" the title would have I
been absolutely descriptive. As he car- ]
rlea you back to the past days of tyr- '
army and romance, it is borne upon your
Inner consciousness that the true makers
of America were people upon whose mem- ■
ories prim respectability Is apt to glance '
askance; that the riotous, fearless. Irrev
erent blades who colonized the Southern
States, who clung alike to loyalty and In
dependence, who thrilled with "la joie de
vlvre" and faced death unflinchingly; the
bedecked, silk-attired. strong-hearted
dames who dispensed hospitality, glided
through a minuet, or starved amid ;
swamps with stately grace; that these it
wan who gave the race its bones and sin
ews, and that departure from their tra
ditions accounts for much degeneracy. A
good many time-honored beliefs and pre
judices are knocked on the head by Mr.
Fisher with startling energy, but none
receives such a complete cudgeling as
the faith in the suffering meekness of the
Pilgrim Fathers. Under our author's
guidance the Pilgrim worthies rise before
us as a gathering of exceedingly unpleas
ant, self-HUfflcient gentry, who sought
freedom for persecution rather than for I
worship. Yet, albeit a strongly biased, |
this is
a by no
means unjust
chronicler: he
extols virtue,
notes vices.
and takes ac-*
count of ex
tenuatinfirclr-
cums anco
with strict
impartiality
and the reader lays down his -work
with reverential sympathy for those
brave old colonists who fought
so hard and bore down so many obstacles
in their self-appointed task
'ving a nation.
ate sections are
devoted to the Ulf- —
ferent colonies, in ■
thrlr order of pre- *
cedence, and of
these Thf first. "Cay
: 1 1 i • rs and Tobacco."
treating: of Virginia, is
the most attractive, for
it has been patently to tr
author a labor of love. TTis sympa
thies nro entirely with the independent.
aristocratic Virginians, he has a
word even for their fox-hunting parsons,
and he completely blots out th<
portrait of the goody-goody Washington
of cherry-tree fame:
"The stupid, wooden sanctimonious
character into which he has been manu
factured to suit modern hypocrisy is nut
in accordance either with his own account
of himself or with statements Df his
contemporary s."
And straightway -we have a sketch of
the true Washington, the sociable, courte
ous gentleman of superb physique, who
loved his cards and his glass, who rode
to hounds and danced all night whenever
he had the chance, who trained horses
and led men with equal success, and who
came to the front without effort, from
sheer force of character and healthy, all
round development. Washington is to
Mr. Fisher but a type of the true Vir
ginian, a natural evolution which he ex
plains very succinctly:
"No amount of book-learning:, no col
lege curriculum imitated from plodding,
mystical Gc-rmans, no cramming and ex
aminations, and mo system of gymnastic
exercises ran be even a substitute for
that Virginia life which Inspired with
viu'or, freshness and creative power the
great men who formed the Union and
thf Constitution.
"There is no mystery about It. Then 1
Is no need that we should wonder that
such men should come from a place we
know Is now incapable of producing: them.
As soon as we unravel the details of
colonial life it is all plain enough. Tt was
that same mingling of sport, scholarship.
■Oda] intercourse, and knowledge of the
world In country life which has made
England the leader among nations; and
the Virginians had the advantage of a
new country, easily acquired wealth, the
freshness of the wilderness, and a cli
mate which sharpens the Intellect."
In this passage the author strikes an
other characteristic note rarely heard in
America; his enthusiasm tor England, ,
Knglish character and English ways is !
absolutely unbounded. Every virtue of \
the republic owes its origin to the good
old English blood flowing in the veins r,f
pure Americans, every vice or shortcom
ing is attributed to the foreign taint
Which has crept in. For the Irish immi
grant he has unfeigned aversion, for the
Dutch settler unmitigated contempt, and
his chapter "Manhattan and the Tappan
Zee" is a scathing indictment of the pu
sillanimous avarice of the Knickerbocker
race.
Indeed, when showing: up iniquity. Mr.
Fishor's pen is unsparing, oven to his
heroes. While his sympathies are with
slave-holders in the days of settlement,
he does not ignore the dark side of slav
ery and the details of brutal cruelty In
some of his pages are appalling. Not
more appalling, however, than other de
tails piven In his chapter "Puritans and
Philosophy," on the Massachusetts meth
od of administering religious freedom. In
that happy region, where it was criminal
to think, let alone speak for yourself,
banishment was a mild punishment for
Independent thought; Imprisonment,
whippings and other cruelties were com
mon, execution was not unknown, and a
refined, cultured woman like Mrs. Anne
Hutchinson could be mentally tortuced.
excommunicated and exiled with none
daring to protest. As for the witchcraft
persecution, Its horrors equal those of the
Inquisition, and make as unpleasant
r< ading as certain pages of "Uncle Tom's
Cabin."
Some of our author's most charming
passages are devoted to the women of
colonial days. Cavalier or Puritan, Re
publican or Royalist, he makes us love
them all with their brave hearts and In
nate refinement, their social distinction
or religious devotion, their love of gay
apparel and desire for culture, their apti
tude for luxury and fortitude under re
verse of fortune. Even the Dutch vrouw
he deals with tenderly; and we become
familiarized with more than one romance
of those early days. I,aek of space for
bids further quotation, but we advise our
readers to procure tho work for them
selves.
CHRISTIAN PHILOSOPHIES.
ALL'S RIGHT WITH THE WORLD-By
Charles H. Neweomb. Boston: The
Philosophical Publishing Company
THE ANCIENT OF DAYS RENEWED-
By Henry S. Williams. Chicago News
paper I nlon.
Mr. Newcomb Is a philosopher of the
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, SIXDAY, JAXUAIiY 30, 1898.
cheery school, bent on proving that every
thing is for the best in this best of possi
ble worlds and that there is nothing to
worry about if you don't worry about it
To this intent he gives us a series of prac- .
tical essays interspersed with Judiciously
selected quotations from Marcus Aurelius,
Emerson. Whitman and other authorities
on the Philosophy of Content. Mr. New
comb's sentiments are not strikingly or- i
iginal, but be has read extensively, ob- !
served life and its vagaries carefully, aril
cultivated a terse, epigrammatic style.
which often leads an air of profundity to
a somewhat shallow remark. To the
thoughtful reader, needing mental tonic,
his chapters may prove helpful and
strengthening; but his chiseled axioms
will not comfort the broken-hearted, feed
the hungry or numb physical agony.
MEMOIRS OF SICKENS
BY HIS DAUGHTER
A CHILD'S tribute to the memory o?
a lost parent Is always pathetic: In
the volume before us the pathos Is
Intensified, foi the gentle scribe
dirt not live to place her love-ln
splred pages In the hands of the public.
A touching preface, by a bereaved sister,
tells us that the small memoir, written In
feeble health, was never revised by its au
thor. "The hand which had traced the
words dedicated to our father's memory
grew too feeble to hold a pen. and before
the proofs of her little volume could be
submitted to her for revision, my dear
sister died."
Comment can only weaken the simple
eloquence of this statement. From it we
turn with reverence to the pages, almost
childlike in their tender prattle, la which
Mamie Dickens chronicled the home life
of him whom she so soon to rejoin.
Her own Introductory words fully express
the scope of the memoir:
"If, in these pages, written in remem
brance of my father, I should tell you,
my dear friends, nothing new of him. I
can. at least, promise you that what I
shall tell will be told ralthfully. if simply,
and perhaps there may be some things
not familiar to you."
This last id<a is erroneous, for as we
turn page after page, telling of Charles
Dickens in his daily life amid the family
Mr. Williams is a Californian resident
who has discovered the History of the
United States as written by Flavius Jo
sephus well nigh two thousand years ago
Hie views— and those of Josenhus— he sup
ports by liberal Scriptural quotation, and
his arguments are irrefutable for the ex
ceihr.t reason that the ordinary reading
mind cannot follow then. The lucidity of
Mr. "Williams' tttf« is well illustrated by
the final paragraph of his preface:
"My constructive lacks workmanship,
but is founded upon allegorical Scriptural
prophecies, which are the rock of ages.
When the giants behold the location, they
will build a new temple, gnat and high,
upon the same foundation; then my
structure, crude and slender, will be re
membered as gossamer, harbinger of the
storm, which shattered the veils over the
face of prophecy, and swept staggering
theology of nineteen centuries into the ,
past." I
HITHERTO UNPUBLISHED.
OLD LAMPS FOR NEW ONES-Ry
Charles Dickens. New York: Ntw
Amsterdam Book Company.
Was it really necessary for the editor,
Mr. Fred Kltton. to revive these ephem
eral writings of Dickens? Enthusiastic
admirers of the Immortal Pickwick will
not find flmnilii aught to Increase their
admiration, and readers who do not a<l
hcic to Urn Dickens school will not be at
tracted to It by papers which were merely
contributions to the passing literature of
the day. During the past forty years
hundreds of newspaper scribes have con«
trlbuted articles on the same mbjects,
often with the same sentiments and in
the same manor, and thoughts which In
Dickens' day seemed strikingly OTlglnsJ
now appear mero platitudes. However,
there are possibly some people who are
anxious to know the popular novelist's
viewi on such ever-present questions as
Capital Punishment, the Amusements of
the People, and the Sunday Post, and to
these Mr. Kitton's volume will recom
mend itself in certain pages, those on
popular theatrical entertainments, and
the article 'Whole Hogs," to wit: Dickens
•hows himself a* the precursor in style
Of Jerome K. Jerome. But the paper
which most completely recalls the Dick*
ens best known to posterity is undoubt
edly the comic essay entitled "Lively Tur
tle."
"Said I to him, 'Mr. Grocrgles, the best
Turtle Is where?'
"Says be, "If you want a basin forlunch
my opinion is. you can't do better than
drop Into Hirch's."
"Said I. 'Mr. (Jroggles. I thought you
had known me better than to suppose me
capable of a basin. My intention is to
dine. A tin
"Says Mr. Groggles, without amoment's
consideration, and in a determined voice,
'Right opposite the India House, Leadi-n
lia.ll street.' "
SCIENTIFIC PAP.
SCIENTIFIC ASPECTS OF CHRISTIAN
EVIDENCES— By Frederick Wright.
New York: D. Appletoii Ai Co. For
sale at DoXey'S, i'.Uae. Hotel, city.
Mr. Frederick Wright baa riven us one
Of those cyclopedic paeodo-i r.titioworks
which are so popular In the pres
ent day of universal and superficial
knowledge. The amount of reading the
author brines to bear on li;s subject is
stupendous, bis Illustration! and quota
tions range fr>>m astronomy t" geology,
from St. Augustine to Huxley, from Dar
win, Bpencer ud Wetsainann to the Syr
»JBy nib Daughter. t
WHAT A MAN CAN SEE IN A YEAR.
It is wonderful, when one comes to think of it. what a man mnv see in
a year. Given money and leisure, the modern facilities of travel will ena
ble a traveler to visit every important place on the round globe, and if he
times his tour well, to witness many strange and wonderful sights. It is
not every one, however, who has the pood fortune of Mr. Davis.
As a globe-trotting journalist, within the twelve months between May,
1806. and June, 1807. he attended the coronation of the Crar at Moscow, the
inauguration of President McKinlev at Washington, the millennium celebra
tion at Budapest in Hungary, and the Queen's Jubilee in London. He also
found time to pay a visit to Cuba, and to go through some exciting ex
periences with the soldiers of young Greece. Of all these things Mr. Davis
writes fluently, with the ease of a trained journalist, ami if he does not aim
at high literary effects, his style at any rate is much superior to the aver
age journalese to be met with in our daily papers and monthly maga
zines.
Then it must be remembered that Mr. Davis, in the first place, was
writing for ephemeral publication, dashing off pen and ink pictures on the spur of the moment, amid all the
hurry and excitement of the jrreat events which he was portraying. Considering the circum=tances the work
is wonderfully well done, and most of the sketches will doubtless be familiar to the general reader, as they
appeared at the time in Harper's and Scribner's magazines.
Perhaps one of the most vividly realistic scenes with which Mr. Davis presents us in the execution
of the patriot, Rodriguez, in Cuba. On a chill, misty morning they lead Rodriguez to the plains without the
city, and did him to death in the presence of .100 soldiers and many curious civilians.
Here we have an admirable sketch of the patriot as he stood waiting for the fatal volley — "he made a
picture of such pathetic helples«ne>s, but of such courage and dignity. that he reminded me on the instant of
that statue of Nathan Hale, which stands in the City Hall Park, above the roar of Broadway, and teaches a
lesson daily to the hurrying crowds of money-makers who pass beneath. The Cuban's arms were bound,
as are those of the statue, and he stood firmly, with his weight restinsr on his heels like a soldier on parade, and
with his face held up fearlessly, as is that of the statue. But there was this difference, that Rodriguez, while
probably as willing to give six lives for his country as was the American rebel, being only a peasant, did not
think to say so, and he will not. in consequence, live in bronze during the lives of many men, but will be re
membered only as one of thirty Cubans, one of whom was shot at Santa Clara on each succeeding day at sun
rise." Harper & Brothers, New York. For sale by A. M. Robertson. Post street.
lac gospels: his facts and conclusions arG
clearly set forth In simple language and
he makes no assertions unsupported by
proofs. Yet it is to be doubted whether
a work of this kind has a value in any
way commensurate t" the labor involved;
the real student, he who is capable of
giving the arguments their full weight,
does not care for this desultory trilling
with scientific method: he goes to the
fountain head and works out his own
conclusions. The popular student, whose
:is!ons to general knowledge are
founded on this class of literature, only
ados to his undigested smattering and to
his infinite capacity for boredom. But,
granted the desirability of peptonized
mental food. Mr. Wright has done his
work excellently well from the special
pleader's point of view. From his tlrst
chapter, in which he defines Herbert
Bpencer as "an a priori philosopher at
tempting, like the spider, to spin a uni
verse out of his own bowels," to the last
on "Cumulative Evidence," there Is not
an incoherent or inappropriate para
graph, and his quotations are so Ju
didousty selected that some, who have
looked upon our modern scientists with
distant awe, may bo induced to go to the
original text. Darwin's gemmules and
Wefssmann's germ plasm, the Indian leaf
butterfly and the Noachian Deluge, with
its cuneiform testimony, the "mediate
A YEAR FROM A REPORTER'S NOTEBOOK.
BY RICHARD HARDING DAVIS.
miracles" of geology and the date of the
four gospels, these are but a few of the
subjects that come within the author's
wide range; but "the conclusion of the
whole matter" is to be found in one of
his opening sentences: "From a philo
sophical point of view modern science is
more superficial than it Is popularly rep
resented to be."
GEOGRAPHICAL SMATTERINGS.
AUSTRALIA AND THE ISLANDS OF
THE SEA— By Eva M. C. Kellogg.
Boston. New York and Chicago: Sil
ver, Burdett & Co.
This volume makes the eighth book of
"The World and Its People" series pub
lished in the Young Folks' Library, for
the young folks' educational develop
ment. It is, however, very doubtful
whether the growing mind has any rea
son to be grateful to authors and pub
lishers who cram it with this style of dry
and somewhat slipshod information. The
title of the book Is enough to suggest Its
careless construction, islands having a
natural affinity for the sea wherever they
happen to be located. Why the little con
tinent of Australia should be huddled to
gether with all the known Islands, from
the Faroes to the Fri»ndlies, from Hayti
to Tahiti, does not appear; apparently the
idea Is to "rush" the young person
through the less populated regions of the
circle, we are conscious of things strange
ly 'Hmiliar, not In the writings of his bi
ographers, but his own. Like many an
other author with irrepressible vitality,
Dickens has put himself into many of his
favorite creations; and the man who
romped with his children, took dancing
lessons from his daughters, played ath
letic games with his friends, spent hours
on Christmas eve in the toyshop, adored
his doss and his birds, fldeeted over
Christmas pudding decorations and organ
ized Now Year festivities, is the man we
have known and loved, under a dozen
guises, in the pages of the beloved 'Boz."
The book teems with recollections of hap
py childish days, family gatherings, con
vivial doings, merry jests, kindly actions
kindly sympathies, above and beyond all
an overpowering tenderness for the home
cjrele; if there is one thing Mamie Dick
ena more especially insists upon, it is her
fathers intense devotion to his children
his capacity for home life, his craving for
home appreciation, as man and as author.
Next in interest to the children came
the pets; there is one delightful anecdote
after another of dogs, cats and birds
among whirh Dickons' favorite tale of
"Of" the Newfoundland is perhaps the
most irresistible: "He came from Oxford
and had lived all his life in a brewery
Instructions were given with him that
if he were let out every morning alone
he would immediately find oat the ri\>>r,
regularly take a swim and come gravely
home again. This he did with the great
est punctuality, but after a little while
he was observed to smell of beer. His
owner was bo sure that he smelled of
beer that she resolved to watch him. He
wan seen to come back from his swim
mund the usual corner and to go up a
flight of steps inio a beer shop. Being
instantly followed, the beershop keeper is
seen to take down a pot (pewter pot)
and is heard to say; "Well, old chap,
come up for your beer as usual, have
globe, picking up scraps of information
by the way. Some of tho scraps are of
dubious authenticity: if Miss KellogK fever
finds her way to Sydney, for instance, its
"fashionables" will have something to say
to her for having assigned the notorious
Woolloomoolloo to them as their quarter.
Occasionally the descriptive notices nro
to be commended, as In the ease of Ma
deira and the South Sea Islands, but the
real attraction for young folks lies in tha
illustrations, which are extraordinarily
numerous.
OF EL DORADO— By Howard Glyndon.
San Francisco: C. A. Miirdock & Co.
Inspired by the Golden Jubilee. Howard
Glyndon (Mrs. Redden Searing* has given
us a poetic pamphlet celebrating the
beauties of the Golden West. Her versea
are rhythmic and pleasing, and those Cal
ifornia patriots to whom they are spe
cially adressed will see in the writer's
enthusiasm an all-sufficient plea for. her
unpretentious little work. Her muse is
nothing if not patriotic.
MAMIE DICKENS
>ou? Tpnn which he draws a pint and
puts it down and the dog drinks It. Be
ing required to explain how this comes
to pass the man says: 'Yes, ma'am. I
know he's your dog, ma'am, but I didn't
when he first came. He looked in, ma'am
as a brickmaker might, and then he come
in, as a briekmaker might, and he wag
ttd his tall at the pots, and he giV a
sniff round and conveyed to me as he
was used to beer. So I dra'd him a drop
and he drunk it up. Next morning he
come again by the clock, and I dra'd him
a pint, and ever since he has took his
pint reg'lar.' "
Of a truth this hath the genuine Dick
enslnn ring.
But there is one impression which the
authoress quite unintentionally leaves
upon the reader, that Dickens, with all
his home charms, must have frequently
heen a home nuisance. When not shut
up in his study or absent-minded at meals
he was figeting about in an appalling
manner. Home interest is all very well
but Dickens seems to have been a mas
culine Martha, troubled over many things
usually left to the cook and housekeeper
A man who must have his finger in ev.ry
pie, who worries over everything, from
the menu and the table decorations to his
daughters' bedrooms, who goes the morn
ing round of his house like a ship's mar
tinet, replacing chairs and stray books
and taking evil note of dust and crumbs
this is the sort of man who would pro
voke daily storms in the average house
hold; and the fact that Dickens' women
folk bore the burden joyfully speaks vol
umes for the adoring affection he in
spired.
The truth is Charles Dickens had not
a particle of the Bohemian in his nature
his sympathies were all with the steady!
going, humdrum, lower middle class.
MY FATHER AS I RECALL HIM-By
Mamie Dickens. New York: E P
Dutton & Co.
JUBILEE POETRY.TO the philanthropy of the Hon.
O. N. Denny Oregon owes her
plentiful supply to-day of the
most beautiful and gamiest game
bird on the face of the earth.
From less than one hundred individuals
brought into the State in the early
eighties they have increased until their
numbers are beyond any estimate, and
they have spread out over the State
from the crcean beach to the summit of
the Cascade Mountains in such a man
ner as to shew that they are capable of
adapting themselves to widely different '
conditions of life. Like all new inno
vations, the Denny pheasant has found
a few willing to depreciate its value by
laying at its door accusations of de-
Etruetiveness to crops and orchards, be
sides the minor crime of whipping the
farm yard rooster, an accusation to
■which I am afraid he must plead
guilty, although the statement that he .
afterward espouses the whipped roos
ter's harem is without foundation.
Whether the introduction of the Den
ny pheasant is detrimental to the inter
ests f-f the farming community or not,
this article, founded on the writer's ac
quaintance with the bird almost daily
since its introduction into the State of
Oregon, is intended to show.
The Denny pheasant belongs to that
order of birds known as the "Gallina,"
■which order embraces all birds that
scratch the ground in search of food,
and it should be unnecessary to state
that the food of all such birds is largely
composed of insects, and the bird in
question is no exception to the rule, for
It is absolutely impossible to raise
young pheasants without a plentiful
supply of insect larvae of some kind,
and the mature birds are particularly
fond of grasshoppers and locusts.
By following the birds month after
month throughout the year their food
and general habits may best be shown.
January finds them seeking shelter
from the snow storms along edges of
the woods where the brambles are
thickest, scratching among the dead
leaves for grubs and beetles or eating
the berries of the wild rose and other
•wild species, perhaps, paying an occa
sional visit to near farm yards to
Scratch a few grains of wheat from the
chickens' feed.
At this time the sexes may be seen
together, but as February draws to a
close the hens become more timid and
are very seldom seen.
March is the mating season and the
males may be seen everywhere, bold
and def\ant as if proud of their gorge
ous plumage, which is now at its very
best.
The food is much the same as in Jan
uary, but by some it is claimed that, at
this period they pull up and eat the
growing grain: this may be true, but
they also consume many thousands of
cutworms and in that repay a hun
dred fold for the small damage that it
Is claimed they do.
The mating continues during April,
and at this time the males are most
pugnacious, fighting among themselves,
racing up and down the furrows and
crowing constantly.
In regard to this it may be well to
Btate how the experienced breeders
ha\v ff.und that the best results are
obtained when males are killed off un
til they reach the proportion of one
male to every three females.
Toward the end of April or in the
first part of May the nest is made by
tht- female. It is simply a depression
scratched in the ground and lined with
a few dead leaves, dry grass or fern,
always well hidden from the sight of
man and generally in some fence cor
ner or bush pile. Nests have been
found both earlier and later than May,
owing, no doubt, to the fact that all
birds are governed largely by climatic
conditions as to the time selected to
make their nests, and not by the calen
dar months established by man.
The number of eggs laid ranges from
fifteen to twenty, and the period of in
cubation is twenty-four days from the
time the last egg is laid to when the
hen leaves the nest with her brood. By
many it is claimed that two broods are
raised in a season, based on the fact
that young chicks have been seen very
late in the fall. In the opinion of the
writer but one brood is raised, the fact
of young chicks being found in the fall
being due to the first batch of eggs
having been destroyed by skunks, wea
sels, rats, crows, cats or man, all of
whom are inveterate enemies of the
pheasants at this period. The food in
early summer consists largely of in
sects, chiefly grasshoppers, locusts,
beetles, flies and worms, while the
young consume large quantities of
aphids. They are very fond of peas,
but the damage done is merely casual,
and, as to the assertion that they dam
age the orchards by flying through the
trees, knocking off the blossoms or
Iruit, It is entirely without foundation,
as everyone who knows anything about
pheasants (quail or grouse, sometimes
called pheasants in many localities, are
not referred to here) knows very well
that they always fly well over timber
or run through it, and their habit of
flying directly upward when flushed in
the timber has given rise to the term
"rocketing."
During the months of July and Aug
ust, while the grain is in the field, it
forms at least two-thirds of their food.
Fully half of the grain thus consumed
Is picked from the ground, and would
be a loss to the farmer in any event.
It has been often claimed that the
birds damage the standing grain by
running through it with wings spread
and thus knocking it down. This state
ment is too ridiculous to be worthy of
eerious consideration. Others state
that the birds light on the shocks of
Wheat and thrash out the grain with
their wings. This certainly does not
occur very often and may be easily ex
plained. The bird trying to perch
upon the shock finding an unstable
perch, he endeavors to gain his
equilibrium in the same manner
as does the farmyard rooster
on a loose fence rail, and
flaps his wings in so do
ing.
The case of the
Denny pheasant in
Oregon may be
summed up as
follows:
For ten
months of
the year he
Is a pos-
A HEW GAME BIRD FOR CALIFORNIA
PHEASANTS TO BE PLENTIFUL
Now that the State Fish and Game Commission is stocking the southern and middle part of Califor
nia with Chinese phoas:mts there is a likelihood that soon there will be a plentiful supply of these beauti
ful birds in all sections. While the importation of the Chinese pheasant into Northern California has not been
as successful as in Oregon, there is good reason to believe that in the new localities they will do better. The
talk about the birds becoming pests is untrue, as the accompanying article by Professor Bretherton will show.
Nor is there any danger of their increasing at "an alarming rate" here, as the long, dry summers of the in
terior are not so favorable to them as the more moist climate of Oregon. It is to be hoped that this last at
tempt at stocking will prove successful and so secure a plenty of game birds for the future.
25 22 82 82 82 82 82 82.82 82 S2 II 82 !2 S3 82 82 82 8S
itive benefit to .the farmer by de
stroying Injurious insects; for two
months he consumes the grain in about
the same proportion as does the do
mestic poultry, much of which would
be lost in any event.
To offset this depredation it should
be remembered that a full-grown Den
ny pheasant furnishes fully as good a
meal, if not better, in quantity and
quality, as does the average chicken
of the ordinary farm.
It is often asserted that the Denny
pheasant is driving out the native
grouse. This is not true. Before the
Introduction of the Denny pheasant in
Oregon the native birds were steadily
decreasing as the country settled up.
while in the mountain ranges grouse
are more numerous to-day than they
were fifteen years ago, showing that
they have simply taken up their abode
in localities more congenial to their
lielldHs
BERNARD J. BRETHERTON.
HUNGRY JIM'S
GREAT SACRIFICE.
AWAY back in the early fifties Cal
ifornia was ruled by very little
law but a great deal of Justice.
To-day the conditions are re
versed, but in those stirring times,
a short shrift and a long rope
were the means to the end of m%ny a
man who. in the simple annals of his
far-away birthplace, was counted among
the "missing" forever after. Bulger's
Bar, on the upper Xuba, was no exception
t.. the generality of the primitive mining
camps in its administration of affairs.
Faro was winked at. but the theft of a
ham or a bag of beans was a crime de
manding a penalty V>f not less than > \
pulsion from the camp: the shooting down
of a human being, if there was but the
semblance of a cause, was but a mis
demeanor beside the rifling of a sluice box.
The logical successor of the wittena
gemote of the Anglo-Saxons, the vigilance
committee, was composed of the best citi
zens of the Bar, and at its head stood
Hank Dunn, the proprietor of the Red
Light saloon, and easily the leading citi
zen of the community.
Of late the committee had been some
what lax in the performance of its s>if
imposed duties. It is true that one un
fortunaie who had been discovered in the
possession of one more ace than the law
allows to any well-regulated deck of cards
had been escorted from the camp astride
of a very sharp rail, but capital punish
ment had not been Inflicted for upward
of six months. Meanwhile Red I><>g had
hung two men and Bulger's Bar had
begun to complain of the apathy of Us
vigilance committee which had thus al
lowed an inferior neighbor to gain .such
ascendancy in the eyes of the world. The
times were ripe for an uprising, and when
"Hungry" Jim. the most conspicuous
ne'er-do-well of the Bar. was caught red
handed in the act of stealing a can of
dust from the cabin of "Lucky" George,
it was felt, even in the air, that Bulger's
opportunity for self-assertion had arrived.
The committee was speedily summoned
to convene and the wretch was quickly
trk*d and condemned. Upon the adjourn
ment of the court, he was escorted in
sMlenee a quarter of mile down the canyon
to a large tree which had more than once
done its duty In the history of Bulger's
Bar. The rope was carefully adjusted
around "Hungry" Jims neck, the other
end thrown over an outstretched limb,
and twenty men grasped it while awaiting
a signal to pull.
"Now. Jim," said Hank Dunn, while a
hush fell on the assemblage, "you have
been accused of the worst crime in the
calendar o' Bulger's Bar; you have been
fairly tried by a iury of your peers and
found guilty; you have been sentenced and
the sentence is about to be executed If
you have anything to nay. say it now,
and may God have mercy on your soul "
Sometimes, in the presence of death, the
most worthless of beings acquires a dig
nity that years of effort fail to rive
"Hungry" Jim know his time had come
and he did not qunver. He drew himself
up to his full height and spoke simply
"Friend?, for You have been my friends
I know the law and I shall not beg- for
mercy. Since I've bf-on in .this camn
perhap I've been shiftless, perhaps Pv«
been worthless, as some of you have
intimated to-day. I prefer *to tell
the plain truth and say I've h*-«»u
unlucky. You know every claim
I've took up has petered out'
everything I've turned my hand'
to has gone dead against me
.Not one of you ever knew rr.
tf> steal bf-fore. and God
knows I was driven to it this
time by absolute want. I
make no other excuse, for
I have none. If it were
possible for me to be
spared this time I
would promise faith
fully to lead a dif
ferent life. Yf>t I
know such words
seem childish
for they are
the last re
sort of all
po siti o n , y
and per
haps they
are unwor
thy of a man
who was once
a gentleman. If
you think they
are, T withdraw
them, although they
were honestly spok<n.
However, I presume I
would be better out of
the world than in It, and
you may do your duty.
Good -by, friends, and may you
never regret your act of to-day"
He was sil<-nt and every hand on
the rope tightened its prrasp in the
expectation of a word from Hank
Dunn. But at this instant, a tall.
broad-shouldered man pushed his way
through the little crowd and stood
beside the condemned criminal. II
was John Harper, better known in the
community as Yankee" John. He had
not been a resident of Bulgers more than
WONDERFUL POSSIBILITIES OF A NEW WILD OLIVE.
IT is a pity about Noah's dove. If
she had only waited until this
century and come to L,os Angeles
County she might have had all the
wild olive she wanted instead of
one measly little sprig. If she had
taken a fly over Antelope Valley she
would have found hundreds of olive
bushes scattered in shady places. But
as it is, in default of her being here.
Dr. A. Davidson of this city, in com
pany with Mr. Nathan Cole Jr., who
owns land in the district, made the
discovery which may now lead to the
finest olive production that this State
has yet known.
Antelope Valley lies In the northern
part of L«ob Angeles County, beyond
the Government reserve, where the
THE SAN FRAXCTSCO CALL, SrXDAY, JAJSJJAXT 30, 1898.
» C* ?• 3* v* C* <.* O* O» C* 5» "« "• "• '• "• "• ".*<
six months, and was taciturn to a fault,
but on more than one occasion he had
not hesitated to vigorously condemn what
he termed the "lawless methods" of vig
ilance committees. It was generally con
sidered by many of Bulgers' best citizens
that he was too outspoken in his denun
ciation of what they deemed to be their
bounden duty, but he had come to be
known as an uncompromisingly honest
and upright man. and their respect for
his virtues had hitherto deterred them
from doing what many thought neces
sary, namely, teaching him a needed les
son. In fact, they had hurried the prep
arations for "Hungry" Jim's execution
because they knew Harper had gone to
Marysville, and while they did not fear
any active opposition on his part to such
a procedure (some of them even thinking
from his peaceable ways that he was
lacking in courage), yet they had no de
sire to needlessly offend him. But he
had unexpectedly returned that after
noon and now stood before them, white
and stern in his anger.
"Are you savages that you would not
grant to the meanest criminal that mercy
that everyone of you would beg for in his
position?" he cried in indignant tones.
"Would you take a human life in pay
ment for the petty crime that this man
has committed?"
"It ain't no petty crime," said Hank
Dunn, sullenly.
"No, it ain't," shouted a dozen voices.
"It is petty compared with the penalty
you would inflict,' said Harper. "I have
not lived long among you, it is true, and
God grant I may never hold my residence
here long enough to be as lost to reason
and humanity as are you. 1 come from
a State where in obedience to the divine
law, a life is demanded -for a life, but
not for a lesser consideration. Such acts
as you men contemplate doing to-day are
in contravention of human rights and in
mockery of Justice. ,This execution shall
not proceed."
"You ain't got nothin' to say about it,"
shouted Hank Dunn. "String him* up,
boys."
Then the sleeping lion became, aroused.
John Harper pulled a navy revolver and
aimed it directly at the line of men whose
hands were on the rope. •
"Pull that rope one inch and I pull the
trigger." he cried.
A half-dozen revolvers leaped into the
air: but another (orm. lean and wiry, had
gained the center of the mob, and stood
beside Harper. It Vas Bill Griggs, the
nerviest faro-dealer on the Yuba.
"By God! I'm with you, Yank! I admire
your pluck!" he cried. He had a der
ringer in each hand, and as he looked
around at the angry men he continued,
in a cooler and more even tone: "See
here, men. you all know Bill (iritis.
There ain't a man here but has won
money from me. and you know the mean
est check guerrilla on the Yuba couldn't
never steal a copper from any of you
while 1 was dealin' bank or looktn' out.
You're all friends of mine, but I believe
•Yankee' John is right, and I'm goin" to
stand by him. Give this cuss one more
chance, for I believe he'll be honest.
Yank and I will keep cases on him. and
If any man here ever loses a cent by
him I'll not only give a stack of reds
for every splitter he steals but 111 be
the first "man to pull the rope o.n that
occasion, Is that fair?"
There were still same muttered
remarks indicative of disappoint
ment and disgust: but when
"Lucky George announced that he
was satisfied. Hank Dunn was
forced to give in and order the
criminal released. Thus did Bul
ger's Bar lose its chance of re
gaining its lost prestige, and many
and deep were the consolatory
potations served in the Red
Light that night.
"Hungry" Jim walked back
to the camp at the heels of
John Harper, who said not
a word until the two were
cafe inside his little cab-
In. Then he turned to
the man who had been
rescued from the val
ley of the shadow of
death.
"See here, Jim, '
I'm a man of
few words." he
said sternly.
"You will
never hear
me brag
over any
t h.i n g I
have done
to-day, nor
will I ever re
mind you of any
Indebtedness you
may owe me on
account of It- I
shall only expect you
to be honest for the
future. I feel a sort of
responsibility for your be
ing on earth, though, and
I will give you something
to do. I need help on my
claim. You may go to work
in the morning at regular
•wages, and you may have one
end of this cabin to live in. That
Is all."
From that' day "Hungry" Jim was
a changed man. He toiled in Har
per's claim early and late, and proved
himself fully worthy of his hire. There
seemed to be no task too difficult, no
labors too onerous for him to undertake.
Gradually he lost his hungry, shiftless
look and an appearance of respectability
settled upon his face and figure. He was
a handy man about camp, and many
were the odd Jobs- he din for his erst
while would-be iynch«*rf>. steadfastly re
fusing remuneration for his services, and
the leading citizens began to conclude
that, after all, he did have some good
qualities.
Between his employer and him spoken
words were few and far between. Ono
was naturally reticent and the other re
spected his silence. • But a bond of friend
ship grew Up between them, which was
cemented ' still closer by Harper's illness,
which came a few months later. For four
weeks he tossed between life and death
in a slow, wasting fever. The miners,
rough, but tender-hearted, performed
such little services as they could: but
Jim was a whole hospital. He developed
unexpected qualities, both as a physician
and a nurse. Day and night, without re
moving his clothes, he watched by the
bedside, and finally when the crisis was
past and John was recovering strength,
the congratulatory miners told him that
even as Jim owed his existence to him,
he owed his life to Jim.
Harper called Jim to him one day and
endeavored to express his gratitude.
"You know, Jim, I'm not a man to say
Pouthfm Pacific lies an uninterrupted
track over the smooth Stretch toward
San Francisco. Toward the southern
edge the flat ground has been caught
up and huddled into bumpy little
mountain ridges that organize creeks
to water^he valley. Here, at an ele
vation or 3000 feet, where ravines are
frequent, Dr. Davidson stumbled upon
a modest shrub that boasts of nothing
big except its technical name.
Foresteria neo Mexicana, the
learned doctor calls it — that is. he is
willing to call it so if you wish to
know, although his discourse is us
ually so simple that not one man in a
hundred would guess that he is one
<>f the rarest botanists as well as all
rovnd scientists in this part of the
State. The bush is not commonly
more than six feet high, although it
now and then reaches as much as
i ss n a a a a a a 5* ss ss a a k n s_a
much," he said with* a fond look, "but
I owe my life to you, and from this time
on, you are a full partner in my claim.
That is all I can do."
"Nonsense," responded Jim, huskily. "I
only did what was right, for I owed you
more than 1 could ever pay. You took
your life in your hands when you saved
me; what I did was easy."
"Don't magnify my little act so great
ly," said Harper. "If you will have It
so, we will call ourselves square now, but
you must take half the claim."
Jim protested and muttered that they
were not square yet by a long shot, but
Harper's was the stronger nature and
Jim finally consented with a mental reser
vation that Harper should lose nothing by
his generosity.
"Why, Jim, the boys have been telling
me all about you," continued Harper in
grateful tones. "You've been as kind and
tender and careful as any woman could
be — that Is, any woman except one. Ah
Jim, I've never mentioned her to you nor
to any one else, but I feel like talking
about her to-day.
"Is she your wife?" asked Jim, softly
"No," responded Harper, with a deep
sign that told of the suffering within
"Perhaps she never will be, but we liv*. "
and hope, strong in the conscious
ness of each other's love. She Is
married, or at least, she was
married, but wheher her hus
band is alive or dead, nobody
knows. I don't think there
ever was much love be
tween them, and six years
ago he deserted her for
another pretty face, leav
ing her to starve. Her
baby was born shortly
after, and she had a
hard struggle for a
time, but she was en
ergetic, independent,
little woman, and
she managed to •
pull through. She
is supporting her
self and child
now 3000 miles
from here and
I am laying
by a little,
every day i
In the hope I
that /
to m /
Chinese Pheasant That Is Now Being introduced Into Different Parts of the State
time Phe will allow me to relieve her ev
ery want."
John paused, and as his musings took
shape, the li^M of love and hope in ins
eyes vied with the bright rays of the
spring sun that came creeping through
the window pane.
"I never knew her husband," he con
tinued. "I first met h«T when she < ame
to our little town in the East in search
of a location. She has considerable mus
ical talent and soon found pupils enough
to keep her from want. Sh<> was surh a
bright, self-reliant woman and withal so
tender, so pretty and so sweet that I
could no more resist loving her than I
could resist the warmth of the sun. I
thought she was a widow, and only
learned the truth when I asked her to
marry me. She could not conceal her
love for me. but I then learned of her
husband and knew my cause was hope
less."
"Why didn't she get a divorce?" inter
"Of course I could not stay there after
that, so I came to California with the
next party from my vicinity. Some flay
we may be happy together. T'ntil that
time we can only hope and love with a
love that will last until eternity."
He turned on his side and was silent.
He had mentioned no twmi>s and Jim
asked no further confidence, but stole
quietly from the cabin.
Harper was out of bed In a few days
and rapidly gained strength in the warm,
life-giving California sunshine. .Tim
worked harder than usual, and the added
dignity of partnership In a good claim
gave him such importance in the eyes of
the community that he was beginning to
be recognized as one of Bulger's leading
citizens. Although ho traded no longer
with Hank Punn, even that worthy was
one day constrained to observe that
"John Harper and Bill Griggs nev^r done
a better day's work in their lives than
when they stopped that lynching, even if
Red Dog did thereby get the laugh on
Bulgers. 1 '
Pome three months afer his recovery
Harper went to Marysvflle. expecting to
return a couple of days later. On the ev
ening of his departure. Jim was potter
ing around the cabin engaged in the pre
paration for his supper and accidentally
knocked a tin can from the table. As it
clattered to the floor, a letter fell out. It
half protruded from the envelope and as
he stooped to pick it up he caught a
glimpse of the date line. For several
minutes he hesitated, with the letter in
twenty feet under favorable condi
tions. It is a dwarf even to its fruit,
but a sturdy little native for all that,
and if it can be brought to infuse
some of its vigor into its cultivated
cousin then will California produce
such oil and pickles as will make an
epicure's mouth water.
The plant puts forth a leaf smoothly
elliptical like the orchard-grown olive,
but hardly more than half an inch
long. The blossom that appears is an
insignificant greenish affair, unassert
ive as if it knew that it would never
amount to much anyway and had no
excuse for forcing itself. True enough.
The fruit is as small as a pea— similar
to the haw in appearance. It grows
thick on the branch, but it is appar
ently as useless a little specimen as
ever lived, being almost all seed and
skin. The color is a dark pl^m shade,
his hands, then he sat down
and read as folows:
Massachusetts. May IS, 18—
Dearest John:
Your last letter has Just
reached me, and I am so
thankful that you have re
(•••vcivd from the fevH|
wich you speak sHphtigly
of, but wiiich I am sure
must have been serious. I
think If you were to die.
John. I would almost die
too, for I only live for you
and little Annie. I am so
grateful to "Hungry Jim"
(what a funny name) for
boinK so kind and tender
to you, but of course you
cannot tell him this as you
could if I were wur wife.
"Your wife!" How blissful
and sweet the words sound.
Well, perhaps they may be
proper some day: who
knows. May the gracious
God speed the time. I
really feel that my husband
is dead or we should have
heard something from him
in six vtars. but we must
be quite sure. You know
my old scruples, and I as
sure you they have not
changed a particle although
my love has sadly shaken
the at times. • • *
1 think you so much^ for
the money you sent. "V ou
must be getting very
rich in the Golden
West, for it is more
than I ever saw
in all my life.
But of course
1 could not
think of
using it
for myself, and guess what T have done
with it? After doing a great deal of very
hard thinking, I did what I thought you
would like best. I have concluded nego
tiations for the purchase of your moth
er's old home where you wkere born.
The papers will be made out in your
name so when you come back you will
h;ivt- your old home to go to. And you
must come soon. for. to tell the truth.
I am hungry for a sight of your noble,
honest face. I think if the neighbors
were physiognomists, they would call me
"Hungry Annie." something like your
kind partner is termed. • • • .
Be of good heart as I am, and every
thing will come right in the end. With
this little letter go a thousand good
wishes and the tenderest, truest love from
your ANNIE.
P. S.— l am getting along famously with
my classes, and I enclose my latest card.
You see, I am quite business like.
At the conclusion of the reading, Jim
mechanically picked the card from the
floor where it had fallen and read:
MRS. J. H. WESTON,
Teacher of Vocal and Instrumental Music.
Then he walked outside and gazed for a
long time at the stars that were beginning
to peep out in the blue sky. Finally, he
walked inside, wrote a long letter to. Har
per and then lay down on his hard couch.
• • •
Two days latter Harper returned from
Marysyille and went direct to his cabin.
Hungry Jim was still lying on the rough
bed a nd in his face was that peace which
passetn all understanding. Stunned and
Sased, Harper turned and saw the letter
which he had read through, while for the
first time in years tears rolled down his
cheeks. "
Then he went to Hank Dunns and call
ing the boys Into the back room, told
them a long story, concluding with the
information that immediately after Jims
funeral he intended to go East. He kept
his word, and Bulger's Bar saw him no
more, but for many months the leading
citizt'ns took ail their visitors to the lit
tle cemetery on the hill side to show
them "the finest monument on the Yuba."
It was a plain marble column, bearing on
its base these words:
Sacred to the Memory of
JAMES H. WESTON.
He Died for His Friend.
FRANK C. RADCLIFFE.
deeper than the cultivated fruit. It
ripens in September, shrivels away
and leaves the seed to its career.
Foresteria neo Mexicana likes the
north side and shady side of ravines,
and It scorns any but a rich, loamy
soil. It is common all the way from
Gorman's Station, up near the head of
the Prin River, to Big: Rock Creek on
the southeast, where the splendid
Sierra Madres give the first hint of
their intentions. Little Rock Creek
flows between its favorite slopes, for
here is where it can best reach water,
and it gives evidence everywhere of
being a thirsty infant.
When it was first found In '93, it
was welcomed as a botanical curiosity
and nothing more, being the only
genuine growth of wild olive so far
found in America. It is only now that
the full significance of its being is
THE
COSTLIEST
BEAN
IN THE WORLD.
It is not generally
known that the va
nilla bean is the cost
liest bean on earth. It
prows wild, and Is gath
ered by the natives in
Papantla and Misantla,
Mexico. When brought from
the forests these beans are
sold at the rate of £2 5s per
1000, but when these beans are
1 at the rate of £2 5s per
hut when dried and cured
they cost about £2 5s per pound,
They are mainly used by drug
gists.
STORY OF ONE POTATO SEED.
ATIXY seed may feed a nation!
An atom of vegetable life may
evolve results of universal bene
fit to mankind.
Twenty-three years ago last
May a New England youth living not
far from Boston, in the "Old Bay
State." held in his hand a single seed
about half as large as an ordinary
pinhead. It would have taken several
hundred of similar size to make a meal
for a canary.
To the ordinary observer the seed
would have seemed to differ in no re
spect from others of its kind, but the
youth, who scrutinized it through the
SINGLE BRANCH OF THE NEW
■ WILD OLIVE
dawning upon our enterprising fruit
growers, who are beginning to scheme
for more worlds to conquer. Where
this bush flourishes so will its more
cherished cousin, and already the
colonists of Antelope Valley are add
ing to our southern olive orchards.
Now if the process can be perfected of
grafting this little native son to the
less vigorous cultivated tree the result
promises to be the finest growth of
olives in California. Moreover, Pro
fessor Hayne of the University thinks
that he has found valuable medicinal
properties in the plant, and Is at pres
ent experimenting along the line of
his theory.
The possibilities look immense, and
all from a little bush that most people
wouldn't have looked at twice.
Which is the way of the world.
SARAH COMSTOCK.
eye of genius, thought he had good
reasons for believing that it deserved
a better fate than to be fed to the bird.;
and it was therefore carefully planted
and tenderly watched all through that
New England summer of 1874 — and
millions of his fellow men have the
benefits wrought by the prescience of
a youthful enthusiast then on the
threshold of renown in his chosen field
of science.
When the hazy Indian summer came
the plant had done its work, and three
and one-fourth pounds of the most
beautiful white potatoes which had
ever been seen were the product of the
little seed.
The tubers were planted and replant
ed, and when the second season had
passed two tons was the crop which a
prominent Eastern seedsman pur
chased and introduced to the public in
the spring of 1876.
The new potato was such an evident
improvement upon any tuber of its
kind ever known theretofore that it
immediately sprang into favor in all
parts of America, and it was not long
ere its superior qualities became
known in all other countries where the
potato is grown.
Such is the genesis of the Burbank;
potato — named in honor of its origina
tor, Luther Burbank of Santa Rosa.
The young New Englander who mad<»
this fortunate experiment so many
years ago has since become famous
among the world's savants in the aama
line of scientific experiment. Many
times has he thrilled the scientists of
the vegetable world by the announce
ment of a new and distinct species—*
the creation of such being the principal
aim of his professional life — and rich,
have been the honors showered upon,
him by his fellow scientists and tha
world at large for his brilliant achieve
ments in the propagation of new
fruits, flowers and vegetables, but it
is safe to say that no product of hi 3
genius has wrought so much of ma
terial good to Christendom as has thu
potato, which bears his name.
More than two hundred million
bushels of the Burbank potato are now
grown every year, and by a most care
ful and conservative estimate, made
from reliable statistics, the amount of
this variety which has been grown,
since its introduction is considerably
more than two billion seven hundred
million bushels, or one hundred and
sixty-two trillion pounds — enough to
give every inhabitant of this eartli
nearly two bushels.
From the figures quoted above it will
be seen that enough Burbank potatoes
have been produced (counting one
pound laid lengthwise to measure one
foot) to reach twelve hundred and
twenty-seven times around the worlfl,
and more than one hundred and twenty
times the distance to the moon.
The price paid the young propagator
for this potato, which is yet in its prime
and which has added to the wealth of
all nations and will doubtless augment
the wealth of nations yet unborn, was
Sir.o. The reader may ponder the con
sequences to the race if T>y careless
ness or ignorance this little seed had
been lost or destroyed.
Mr. Burbank now handles, nearly
every day, seeds as precious in poten
tialities as was the subject of this
sketch — seeds which hold within them
selves forces calculated to stray tha
destinies of mankind and even to af
fect the weal of nations.
Jeremiah Ryan, who has just won a
verdict of $1000 from the city of Chi
cago for injuries due to a defectives
sidewalk, is the only American sur
vivor of the famous Light Brigade, im
mortalized by Tennyson.
2324
EVENTS OF THE WEEK IN SOCIETY
g -jill next few weeks are to he
1 crowded with all the brilliancy
juid Bplendor that a generous host
can offer and good taste arrange.
J On th<- Bd day of February the
season comes to an end. and it seems to
be the aim of ;:'.! entertainers that a year
notably brilliant should close In a blaze
of glory. On Monday. January Tl. Mrs.
Theodore Payne win give the most elab
orate luncheon of the season, at which
tests will be entertained.
Tuesday, February 1. Mrs. Charles de
Guigne will give a ball at the residence
of her mother, Mrs. Parrott, on Sutter
street. It has been many years since the
ns have opened their hospitable
doors, and the entertainment promises to
!• at once elegant, elaborate and select.
On Wednesday evening, February 2. the
Terpsichoreans will hold their regular
dance at Native Sons" Hall.
Friday evening. February 4. Mrs. S. G.
Murphy will give a fancy dress cotillon
at the' Palace Hotel. On Friday after
noon Mrs. Will Tevis will give a luncheon
at the University Club. compiimenary to
Miss Susie Blanding.
Saturday. February 5, Mrs. Henry 1..
Dodge will give the second of a series of
luncheons at her Franklin -street home.
Monday evening, February 7. Mrs. Will
Whittler will give a dinner dance at her
elegant home on Jackson street, at which
100 guests will be entertained.
Thursday evening, February in. the last
dance of the Fortnightlys will tak< p
This fashionable club, on this occasion,
will depart from the charming simplicity
that has characterized all its entertain
ments and will make its final entertain
ment a. notably brilliant one. It is to be a
militaiif cotillon, and riie Presidio officers
have taken entire charge of the affair.
Lieutenant Nolan is to Lead the german,
which, on this occasion, will be hold at
Golden Gale Hall.
Mr. Greenway'B last cotillon will be
held at Native Sons" Hall on Friday even-
Ing, January 31.
Yesterday afternoon Mrs. Henry i..
Dodge gave the tirst of a series of lunch
eons at her elegant home on Franklin
street. The table, a large round one. was
elaborately decorated with carnations.
Covers were laid for nineteen. Seated at
table were M r s.. Antolne Borel, Mrs. <;or
don Blanding, Mrs. L. L. Baker, Mrs.
George C. Boardman, Mrs. M. M. Tomp
■kins, Mrs. Evan J. Coleman. Miss Gwin,
Mrs. William Bmedberg. Mrs. Hamilton
Smith. Mrs. Alex P. Terry. Mrs. James
Otis. Mrs. li. C. Foseti. Mrs. Monroe Sal
isbury Mrs. B. B. Cutter, Mrs. William
Ingraham Kip. Mrs. William I. Morgan.
leAVH.J. yon S< hr ler, Mrs. Dodge.
The regular in.. -ting of the fashionable
Fortnightlys waa held on Friday 'evening,
at Lunt's Hall.
Miss Gertie Carroll and George de
Long led the cotillon. Introducing four
pretty figures. The ladies in the tirst set
were: Miss Komi" Wallace, Miss Edna
H..;.ki?is. Miss Susie Blanding, Miss Mar
garet Salisbury. Miss Helen Hopkins.
Miss Mary 1;> Gwin, M : s> Caro Crockett,
Miss Kate Salisbury. Miss May Hoffman.
Miss Theresa Morgan and Miss mile
Follis.
One of the most charming and enjoya
ble gatherings of the past week was
given by the membi rs •>;' the Entre
Nous Cotillon last Friday evening, at th<»
Palace Hotel. The young ladies were all
handsomely attired and ti.-- BCene dur
ing the german was a brilliant one. Six
pretty and intricate figures were <!
und.-r the leadership of Sanford G. Le
wald, assisted by Miss Katie Pobelm.
In the tirst set were: Mr. and Mrs.
George D. Graham. Mr. Ludlow and Miss
Macauley, Mr. Warwick and Miss Haas.
Mr. Meussdorffer and Miss Kavanagh,
Dr. Frazer and Miss Minnie Young. Mr.
Hooke and Miss Martland, Mr. Broder-
S'-n and Miss Popp. Mr. Whitley and Miss
Rice. Mr. and Mrs. J. J. de Haven. Mr.
Hinton and Miss Benjamin. Mr. Poheim
and Miss Hollis. Mr. Wise and Miss Lipp,
Mr. Pockwitz and Miss Frederichs, Mr.
Hoelscher and Miss Prosek, Mr. Meek-
I and Miss Young, Dr. Sylvester and
Miss Rapp, Mr. Schord and Miss Ludlow,
Mr. Thomson and Miss Strehl. Mr.
O'Neil and Miss Campe. Mr. Berry and
Miss Folsom. Dr. Fiske and Miss Korbel.
Mr. Whlted and Miss Gait, Mr. and Mrs.
George W. Lippman, Mr. Robinson and
Miss MeFadden. Mr. Van Nostrand and
Miss Leahy. The next assembly and
german of this club will be given on Fri
day evening, February is, at the Palace
Hotel.
Mrs. Julius Kruttschnitt gave a de
lightful luncheon at her home. 1711 Van
Ness avenue, on Friday. The table was
prettily decorated with pink blossoms.
i at the tables were; Mrs. Evan
Colemaa, Miss Gwin, Mrs. Holt. Mrs.
Sidney Smith. Mrs. Lloyd TeviS. Mis.
AVilliam Morgan, Mrs. Dr. Hopkins and
Mrs. R. C. Foute.
Mrs. George H. Powers pave a tea yes
terday afternoon at her home on Leaven
■worth street in honor of her debutante
daughter. Miss Katherine Powers. The
hours of the tea were from ." till 7.
Assisting Mrs. and Miss P. .wers to re
< • Ive their guests were: Mrs. L. L.
Baker, Miss Anthony. Miss Romola Bige
low. Miss Roberta Bruce, Miss Ethel
Dickson, Miss Polly Dunn, Miss Mai
Moody, Miss Eva Moody, Miss Mary
Sabin, Miss Agnes Simpson and Miss
Molly Thomas. After the tea there was
a dinner, at which the ladies of the re
ceiving party were i...j.e<i by the follow
ing gentlemen: Franklin Brooks. Spen
cer Bishop, Harold \V- Crowell, Dr. Mor
ton Gibbons, Cecil Holcomb, < 'harles Jlut
chinson, I^athan McMullin, Wallace Sa
bin, Frank D. Stringham, Jack Twee
dale and George H. Powers Jr.
jKcvj're Engaged.
The pngagoment of Miss Dolly Lederer
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. George M. Led
erer, and Morris Langsdurf of New York
is announced.
Mr. and Mrs. Valkcnburff have Issued
invitations for the wedding of their
daughter [mogene to FranK F. Parry
Monday, January 31. at noon, at their
residence. 432 Guerrero street.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Annie King to M. K. Li' hi ; they will re
ceive on Sunday, February «, at V' 4 Fol
som street.
The engagement of Frank Hilton
Sharpe and Miss Dalsj McDennott
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Mc-
Dermott, is announced. The wedding will
take place early in February, and will be
a quiet affair.
Wedding Bells.
Bolinas, Marin County, was the scene
of a very pretty wedding last Thursday
when Miss Marcia Clark, the charming
daughter of ex-Supervisor and Mrs
Clark, was united in marriage by the
Rev. Father Valentin! to Sam Petezze
helia, proprietor of the Liberty Hotel
The ceremony was performed in the
Catholic church, which was prettily dec
orated for the occasion. The bridesmaids
were Miss Lena Clark and Miss SeUna
Petezzehelia. and the groomsmen k r
Clark and Thomas P. Boy™. If te?" lh o
marriage service the bridal couple and
their guests sat down to a bounteous
wedding breakfast, prepared b" the
bride's Parents and in the evening a re
ception and ball was held In Druids Hall
The happy couple were the recipients of
many valuable presents. The invited
guests were: Mr. and Mrs. A. Mesa Mr
and Mrs. L. Nott, Mr., and Mrs H j
Nott, Mr. and Mrs. William Pepper. Mr
and Mrs. W. Morse, Mr. and Airs A
Sayers, Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Waterhouse]
Mr and Mrs. J. BJogren, Mr. and Mrs.
Anderson, Mr. and Mrs. Johns. Mr and
Mrs. J. K. McGovern. Mr. and Mrs T YV
Lewis, Mrs. L. Griffin. M. S. McGovern'
Charles Jarret, H. Browne M. Bustin J
Robson. T. Helton. Miss Longley Miss
Bessie Wllkins Miss May Wllkins. M
Jane Steel. Miss Kate Steel. Miss L
Bayers, Miss Agnes Robinson, Miss Alice
MfCoj% Miss May McCoy, Mlsa v.-.i Lauff
Miss Helen Clark, Miss S. Petezzehelia'
Miss Alice Gibson. Miss I>. Brown. Miss
•My Larsen Miss Emma Canepa, Miss
KetUe Smith, Miss Emma Garzoli, Miss
Bessie Garzoli, Miss May Garzoli Miss
Lizzie Genassl, Miss Ida Genazzl, M!ss
Jessie Matsen, Charles Lauff, A. V. Lauff.
1.. Lavioaa, T. A. McGovern, Wallace
Bayers, Captain Alin. Andrew Alin, V.
Lauff, Peter Bourne, Alfred BaMnessl,
Louis Peter, Joseph Peter, Henry Genas
zi. William Genazzi, Leonard Canepa,
Sherman Smith, John Robinson, N« li
Etabinson, Jam..- Bey, Jolm Pepper, Col
fax Clark. Ed Clark. J"fcn McKenna,
Marcus Lauff, Samuel McCoy, James
Stci-;.\ James Wllklns, Blisha Bourne, A.
11. M. Curdy, J. McCurdy and C. Mc~
Curdy.
Edward W. Wainwright, the well
known coal dealer, was quietly married
at Reno, New, last Monday to Mrs.
Livinia Q. Caffrey.
The eer< mony was performed In the
presence of but two or throe Intimate
friends by the Rev. F. C Lee, and the
bride and groom returned Immediately
to this city.
Bo Quietly and quickly was it all done
that Mr. Wainwright Was hack in his
office attending to his business before
his most Intimate friends knew that he
had been away or suspected that he was
married. The families of both of the
contracting parties welcomed the newly
wedded couple home, the plans of the
wedding trip not having been a secret to
them.
There was a quiet wedding at S
Heart Church last Monday, when Daniel
Burke, in the employ of the Federal Gov
ernment, stationed on Goat Island, and
Miss Olive M.-Evoy wit, united in the
holy bonds of matrimony.
Rev. Fater Flood officiated am. Ber
nard F. Conaty acted as best man and
Miss Mary A. McEvoy was maid of
honor.
At the conclusion of the ceremony at
the church the wedding party repaired to
the residence of Mrs. Farrell, 753 Howard
street, where an elegant breakfast was
served. Bumpers of champagne were
Indulged in and the health of the young
couple was repeatedly toasted.
After the breakfast Mr. and Mrs. Burke
left on the train fur Southern California,
where they will spend several weeks.
A quiet but brilliant wedding took place
In this city at high i n on Saturday.
the 22d Inst-, at St. Joseph's church, cor
ner of Tenth and Howard streets, the
contracting parties beinir Thomas F.
Clark and Miss Mary Kicking. Promptly
at noon the bridal party arrived, the
bride leaning on the arm of her father,
Michael P. Kicking. The ceremony was
performed by the Rev. Father McDonald.
The church was comfortably Oiled by
the Invited friends of the young couple.
Thomas Healy was the best man. Miss
Lucy Kicking, sister of the bride, brides
maid, and Miss Lizzie Miller m;ud of
honor. Peter W. McGlade. John < ''Flah
erty. John W. Carberry, Richard Staple
ton and E. M. Grainy officiated as ush
ers.
The bride was attired in whit.' brocaded
silk, with point lace trimmings, and car
re blosson
wore a white Buisse gown, trimmed with
pink. TJif maid of honor waa
white chiffon, over white silk.
The mother of the bride was t*. iw
n hri: mbinatlon of white silk
and \ :■ the ceremony the bridal
and bridal guests asseml
I McAllister
street, where the afternoon ai
wi r- pleasantly spent In feasting. song
and toast making. The hi taste
fully decorated by R. P unish,
'■'■usiti of the bridegroom, who also acted
later. Henry Neebe appropri
ately Bang "The Yeoman's Wedding
with great effect A quartet com
posed of Richard Stapleton, Willi.-im
Hynes, Thomaß Burns and Martin C.
Hogan rendered some excellent
music. Recitations by Miss Maggie Sul
livan. Miss Lizzie Miller and Mrs. I
Mayers were excellently rendered. The
young couple received many costly pres
ents, among them being a handsome sil
ver H.rvice from the groom's fellow
deputies in the Street Department.
Among those present were Mr. and
Mrs. Fi.-kinu-. Thomas F. Clark Sr the
Misses Lucy Picking. Lizzie Miller Mag
gie Sullivan. Mrs. Louisa Mayers. Mr
and Mrs. Richard Doyle, Mr. and Mrs R
Percy Beamish, Mr. and Mrs. John Judge,
c,, r d Wetjen and the Misses Wetjen
Mr. and Mrs. John T. Savin. Mr
Mrs. Gerald Mehegan, Jeremiah O'Ma
honey and Miss Estelle O'Mahoney, Mr.
and Mrs. John I>. Powers. Messrs. John
Traoey. Joseph Welch. Peter W. M---
Olade. Thomas Healy, John \V. Carberry,
Richard Stapleton, Baptiste Cuneo, I
O'Mahoney, Giovanni Guinasso, Pietro
Emmet Mortality, Th
Burns, Gratfan Kenealy, Hon. Marty
Lewis, John W. McGinney, Carrie i
nlnl, Louise Hester, Jennie Hester, Mollie
Brady, Jennie Lee, Alice < 'arson. Georgie
Dolan, Minnie Dolan. Klk-n Dore, Fannl<
Cosgrove, Virginia Sullivan. Pansy Sulli
van. Kittle Hall, Lizzie Mahoney
Bender and Colonel Choynski.
Horr\2 Qatherirvgs.
On Sunday evening last the Petunia So
cial Club tendered Miss Sophie Bernstein
of Santa Rosa a most enjoyable surprise
party at the residence of Miss Sadie
Lewis., Miss Bessie Borren and Miss
Rae Kaufman received the guests. Those
present were: Miss Sophie Bernstein of
Santa Rosa, Bert Jacobs, Miss Bessie
Borren. Alec Cohn, Miss Sarah Lubosch,
Julian Neuman, Miss Elsie Cohn, George
Davis, Miss Belle Korper. Win Lyman,
Miss Mollie Davis, Joe Levy, Miss Flora
Davis, George Pinto. Miss Ella Walthour,
Bert Adams, Miss Ray Jacobs and Sam
Wolff.
Miss Sophie Bernstein is the guest of
Miss Sarah Lubosch, 731 O'Farrell street.
A birthday party was tendered Cap
tain Thomas Holdsworth one evening last
week by his wife at their beautiful home
on Lyons street. Mrs. Holdsworth was
most ably assisted by Miss Rosa AugOS
tina of Calaveras County. The two ladies
succeeded admirably in making the even
ing an enjoyable one. 6
A carefully and well-selected pro
gramme caused the evening to pass pleas
antly. The playing of Miss Rosa Au
gostina, E. Schwartze and Professor and
Mrs. G. Cippoloni, the singing of A. .1.
Vining and F. J. Healy and the recita
tions of Miss V. Cranna and J. I. Griffin
elicited hearty rounds of apple
On behalf of Mrs. Eioldsworth, S. Sum
merfield. in an appropriate and eloquent
speech, presented Captain Holdsworth
with a handsome diamond ring.
Those present were: Captain Thomas
Holdsworth and Wife, Mrs. Mary ,1. Gil
,bert, A. J. Vining and wife, I. Welch and
wife,' Miss Julia Dower, Miss Nellie
Lewis. Miss Mabel Lewis, Miss Ida Hln
ton. Miss Jessie Stokes, Miss Stella
Cranna, Miss Virgin Cranna, Miss Marie
Cranna. Miss Rosa Evans, Miss Etta
Hall, Miss Gertie Hall, Miss Battle Hall,
Miss Lucy Vining. Miss Amelia Winters,
Miss Rosa Augostlna, S. Bummerfield, G.
A. Lewis, L. Lewis, A. W. Stokes. i" R.
Stokes, W. Cranna. F. W. Healy. J.
Cameron, E. Schwartze, W. McLaughlin
William Savage, W. Fogarty, H. Meyers.
F. E. Hall, J. P. Griffin, Professor and
Mrs. G. Cippoloni. I
Henry Mohr was the recipient of a
party given at his residence, 1808 Larkin
street, on Sunday evening, the 23d inst.
A very Interesting programme was ren
dered during the evening. ! Those who
contributed to the evening's enjoyment
were: Miss Lena Mohr. piano sol./. Miss
Leonia Schiller, Miss M. Nathan. Miss
Lillian Lamp and Miss Carrie Under
vocal selections; Miss Vers De Vecchio
and Miss Woods, recitations. Music was
discoursed by the Jubilee orchestra, com
posed of Miss Nathan, ptanlste; Henry
Hucks and Henry Nathan, violinists; Otto
Witt, Jlutist. and Louis onion, cornetisi
Games, refreshments and dancing were
the features of the evening. Among
those present were: Miss Leonia Schil
ler, Miss Vera De Vecchio, Miss Nathan
Miss M. Nathan. Miss Annie Hucks Miss
Lena Mohr, Miss Woods, Mis-; Lillian
Lamp, Miss Carrie Ullmer, Miss Jen
nings, the Misses Carrie, Bertha and
Amelia Under. George Hinck. Henry
Hucks, Henry Nathan, Charles Mohr.
Henry Mohr. Charles Sagehorn. Louis
Mr. iO Nicke 1 r B °on Wilt> Jose*? Radford and
. * Roy 8. White of 1416 Washington street
was tendered a surprise part in honor
of his. twenty-first birthday last Wednes
day evening. His many friends were
hearty m their congratulations and he
was the recipient of a number of hand
some presents. The house was tastefully
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JAM ARY 30, 1898.
decorated in rod and green, palms, smilax
and holly berries predominating. The
game of progressive initials was Indulged
in until a late hour, when refreshments
were & rved.
Ainonir those present were: Miss Ma
bel h. White, Miss Edith 11. Booker, Miss
Ethel I>. Hooker. Miss Patience V. Cooke.
Miss i;. \\ray Wade, Miss Annie K.
Bwain, Miss Genevieve L. Smith, itlss
Qrace Sanders Mis- Evelyn Walton,
Miss Ethel Walton. Miss Edith M. West.
Miss A. M. Robertson, Miss Hermene
Seller, Miss Effle K. Rruns. Miss Nellie
K. « JiHesj.!.-. Hoy S. White. J. C. I*
Booker, David li. IVxtcr, Richard Cline.
Lloyd Eidridge, Henry B. Kaeding, Rur
t.m H. Eldridge, w. K. Lindsay, W. M.
Try. in. Charles M. Stewart, (J'^rge W.
Stewart, <;. C. Eldridge, Edward D. Oak
ley and Stewart MacDougalL
A farewell party was given by Mis<= Ma
rie Bchottler last Monday evening at her
residence, 3033 Mission street, prior to her
departure for Alaska. A most enjoyable
evening was spent, during which the
quests participated In dancing and games
and listen...! to excellent vocal and in
strumental music Among those present
were "Mr. and Mrs. T. Bchlotter, Misses
Nellson, Miss Augustine, Miss 1,. Ward,
Miss Weldnn. Missis L. and A. Keegan.
Miss Svenskl, Miss Nolan. Miss Iforrison.
Miss Bklnner; Count Toualakl. Dr. White,
Bteve Lampl, T. Qulnn, George Root
bridge, Prank McCreary, Ed M<'D<>nough,
Fred Lynch, Bamuel McCoUough. J. I'.s
mond, George T. Maglnnls and James
Quinn.
<.'n January 27 Miss Bedde Martin gave
a very pleasant "evening" in honor of
Goldsmith of Beattle. Singing, dan
cing, etc, mad" the affair very enjoyable.
a very enjoyabh evening waa spent at
the fifteenth birthday party of Miss Lot -
tie Haakell on January ZZ. Among those
present were Louie HaskeU, Florence
Kusteh Maude Jones. Kay Reynolds.
Anna Koch. Anna Harm. S.ibina Fielding,
Ermtna Munch. Lulu Purlenky, Ida Pur
lonky. Bertha Vorrath, Bertha Schwein-
Itser, Pearl Gaunsauls, Norma McArron,
Gertrude Smith. Marie Jesse, Walter
Hofmann. Kichard Hofmann. Fred Rey
nolds, Herbert Bpotswood, Walter sp >ts
wood, George Jewel, <;.-rir.- Glllson.
George Harm. Dr. Oeorge Purlenky, Dan
Murphy. Kalph Kermode, DalMe r,,u
man, Prcntiss Evans, Drummond McAr
ron. Dr. and Mrs. Bprlggs, Mrs. M. Hae
kell, Mr. and Mrs. C. L. Haskell.
Club parties.
The "Fin do Siecle"' Whist Club was
elaborately entertained on Tuesday night
by tlie Misses Adelaide and Josephine
Hromada at their home. Uiv Masonic ave
nue. The rooms were prettily decorated
with festoons of smilax, ferns and Sow-
I rs. After the regulation whist games the
guests enjoyed dancing on the canvas- d
rtoor to the excellent music rendered by
a stringed orchestra.
At midnight all repaired to the supper
room, when ■ tempting supper was
present were: Miss A.
Hromada, J. 11. Wheeler. Miss j. ih,,-
R Gambits, Miss Thelma
fabe, J. C. Crooks, Miss Susie Logan, Ei
wyn Gates, Miss B. Gambitz, T. V.
Smyth, Mi.-s i»i (,;<.Kk-r, w. K. Owens
Miss Ida Wolfe, W. 11. Rohinson. Miss
Faith Gambits, K. B. Davis. Mi.-s Grace
Glidden, W. Burner, Horace M
Mis.- A. Schweitzer. Stewart Carter. Miss
C. Ledelt, C. Blber, Miss E Buck Ar
thur Kennedy, Miss L. Fleury, c. Buck
Aii^s A. [■■ sta;.-. George Bauer. Ml
i leury. Hurt Davis and I>. <;,.i ls .
The fourth meeting of the Assembly
< "otillon < !lub took place <>n Fridaj •
Ing lust at Lunt's Hall. Several popular
iij- r ures of the german were danced under
the leadership of Wilfred <;. Sanke.
Among those present were; Miss Joey
Egan, Mis Stanford, Miss Made
line Hoey. Miss Maud Haas. Miss Kmma
Prosek, Miss m. Tiedemann, Mi*s B
Tiedemann, Miss Lillian Childa. Mi.-.- X
Walsh, Mi.ss Cora Wans, Miss K. g<»:;i
maim. Miss M. Hardlman, Miss Ma»-
Nolan, M.s> Susie Logan, Miss D.. Hiuer
Joe Dowling, Charles Hoey, N. Babin!
Kd A. Christensen, X. Walsh. Paul Weak
terfeld, Dr. Stlnson, K. Tricou L Tii
(ou. a. n. Autz, L>r. Sylvester, EL a
Gruezinger, J. P. Plagemann, M. Robin
son und It. C. Yanke.
The ladies' high jinks gives by the
Genial Whist Clvii at their rooms corner
of Bush street and Van N, avenue, la.st
Saturday evening was thoroughly en
joyed by all who were fortunate enough
to be present. The rooms wore hand
somely decorated with palms, ferns ana
hundreds of Chinese lanterns. The en
tertainment, which was as novel as In
teresting, was thoroughly enjoyed, aft*-r
which dancing was in order until uurlv
morn.
Th. K. K. L. Rave their second success
ful social on January ii at Saratoga Hall
Miss Frances Cohnrelcfa and Jake Raph
eld led the grand march, followed by
seventy-five couples.
The regular semi-monthly meeting of
the Octavo Whist flub was h. Id at the
residence of Miss Berenice Beeney, 22
Hampton street, on Saturday evening,
January 2l'. The lirst prize was won by
Miss Neliie Jackson and Herbert Morton
and the second by Miss Beeney ami Blme r
Emery. At ll::;o cards were dlspi
with, and the- guests all repaired to the.
dining-room where a delicious supper
was served. The dub consists of twenty
members and has only been org«aiized
live months, hut is progressing w
fully, and is nearly ready to challenge
.my of the whist clubs in the city
Tii. Cotillon of -;.s held their initial
party Wednesday evening, January 19 at
Assembly Hall. The affair was 'a most
delightful success. The oinvers f the
club are: Hruee Lar*.--. president Les
lie 1. Coggins, vice-president: \S"illiam E
Schord. secretary; Allen 11. Fereuson
treasurer; Robert Bchord, manager
Much of the success of the Mrst'meet
ing ol the club was due to the followUuc
gentlemen who officiated as floor com
mittee: Acton Haven, Robert E Tracer
C. K. Niedecker, Bernle P. Gleason, g'
I. Montgomery, Jose I*. L,avin
Sailed AWavj.
Among those sailing on the steamship
Australia for Honolulu on Tuesday Janu
ary 25, were: Dr. G. J. Augur, 'B. O
Bruce. Mrs. Bruce, Mrs. H. E. Cooke
Miss Grace Cooke, George B. Cooksey and
valet, Mrs. G. B. Cooksey. Miss E. Cook
sey, Master C. D. Cooksey. Captain
Charles Dodge, wife and child, P. B. Fra
m r and son. G. G. Greene, J. Haas C
Hedcman Anton G. Hodenpyl and wife
George R. James and wife Miss k'
Judge. Mrs. J. A. Kennedy, three children
and maid. Miss Alice Kitchen. Miss Nellie
Kitchen. F. Kohler. Rev. J. F. Lane C J
Lyons. C. W. Macfarlane and wife.' Mrs!
b. Mason, Miss Mason, A. D. Mc< ; lellin
and wife. W. S. McCormlck. Miss MM c "
( ormick. A. Michalltschke. Miss Mi
chalitschke. 8. M. Morrison, F. A
Nash. Miss E. v" - George or^ :
strom, C. G. H. Norton. Mrs. J c
Paulson L. K. Plnkham, Mrs. a it
Pratt, E. C. Rodet and wife. J. A. Rodri
gues. Dr. Carl Bchwalbe. W. : d Smith
and wife, R. H. Southgate and wife n
A. Stevens John Templeton, Charles E
Vromon and G. F. Womrath v '" arie3 *••
Goronado.
CORONA DO, Cal. Jan. 29.-Count and
Countess Adolph yon Goetzen are pass
ing a portion of their honeymoon at the
hotel. The count is military and naval
attache of the German embassy a "Wash
ington, D. . C. and the bride, who was
Miss Stanley Loy, is one of the noted
beauties of that. city. " "-, e °
San Francisco visitors here during the
past week were: Joseph Hess, Mr and
Mrs. Thomas Swing, Mrs. A. Lux and
daughter, Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Frank A
Bachert. Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Kaufman'
John A. Gill, Bruce Bonny, B. J. Smith
and Miss Ph'ebe Smith.
Mrs. John. M. Cunningham and family
of San Francisco are established at the
hotel for the season. Mrs. Cunningham
is accompanied by Miss Carroll and Mis*
Frances Carroll. -*"»
Mr. and Mrs. G. S. Myers. Mr. . and
Mrs. J. S. Cravens and George Myers
Church form a St, Louis party at the
hotel. Mr. and Mrs. Myers are here to
visit their daughter, Mrs. Gruham E.
Baboock.
Charles T. Thompson, a prominent at
torney from Minneapolis, has arrived to
pass some time at the hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry N. Gray of San
Francisco are staying at the hot-!.
A St. Valentine's night entertainment,
consisting of tableaux and dancing, will
be given at the hotel under the patron
age of some of the leading society ladies
who are making their winter home here.
The entertainment will be tor the benefit
of the Coronado Beach Library.
A Winnipeg party stopping here in
cludes Mr. and Mrs R. P. Roblin, Mr.
and Mrs. F. A. Fairchild, Mr. and Mrs.
W. W. McMillan, F. M. Young and C A.
Young.
The organization of the Coronado Golf
Club was perfected at a meeting in the
hotel parlors on Wednesday. W. C. Peet
of New York was unanimously elected
president of the dub. B. W. McKenxle,
Coronado. vice-president, and W. W.
Bailey, Coronado, secretary and treas
urer.
After passing several weeks at Hotel
del Coronado early in the season. Mrs. S.
B. Chittendeti and daughter of Brooklyn.
N. V.. have returned to remain through
the season.
W. M. Van Heusen of New York Is
again passing the season at the hotel.
Mrs. Bailey Oertsert of Beattle is here.
accompanied by the Misses Schwabach of
s.ui Francisco.
A Cincinnati COhio) party recently ar
rived Includes Mrs George Wilshire and
Mrs. W. U Thomas.
Mr. and Mrs. Lewis M> yersteln are San
Francisco guests h« r.
Peter D. Martin of S;in Francisco is
again at the hotel.
Thomas K. ('haffee and Mrs. C. C.
chaffee of Minnesota are recent arrivals.
Dr. H. T. Percy of the Monterey is at
the hotel with Mrs. Percy.
J*lovmt Tamalpais.
Jubilee week has been ■ round of pleas
ure on the summit of Mount Tamalpais,
and the peak has been tipped with snow
twite.
deirge Spencer. Mrs. George Spencer
and George <>tis Spencer were here dur
ing the wok.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Mager of Santa Bar
bara were among the visitors.
Mr. and Mrs. C. c. Morehouse of San
Frar.. is.o were guests on the top of the
mountain.
H. O. Steams registered at the Tavern
of Tamalpais.
A. < trover. W. Grover and C. Grover of
Colusa were among tin week's quests.
A party of Marysville people, com]
of John D. William- I
Mrs. M. Fowell and Misses 8.. <"arrie
nic Berg were here this week.
Mrs. F. C. Small. Mrs. B. H. Small and
I'ia M. Adams of Oak! md were among
the visitors.
Some of the San Fr;-;ncisco people r» -
cently on the Bummil n V. s. Gray
William Miller. «'. <; Butler, A Wil
liams. <;. L. Black well William Pryor
W. L. Jackson. \\ r er, I. \Y . Bisbee
Miss J. E. Collins, Cap- :i; Robert Block
Mr. and Mrs. Edwin B wers.
Mrs. William T. Jel r. Mm. F. W
Swan ton, Mrs. i^. h Raymond and F.
w. Swatiton formed a party which Rep
resented Santa Cruz . the mountains
'ils week.
M h Bessie Roden v. ia hero for a few
hours last v
R. C. B.jiton of Oak ad was among the
visitors.
San «lateo.
SAX. MATEO, 3 n. 29.— 0n Thursday
•veiling the Fortnightly of San .v
held its fortieth i.itttlng at the Dickie
residence, which was crowded by a large
and Intelllj uy. Literature and
bmli specialties <>f this society.
Captain B. Bakural, now representing the
Japanese G rernment at the Union Iron
Works. w.,» the princfpal speaker of the
--. !is theme was. "Japan— Past
and Present." Belonging to the Samu
rais .lass and : ffted t>y Uk
modern training, Captain Sakurai was
well fitted to handle his subject, and he
certainly made it dear and entertaining
Identuls. curiosity seemed to
t.-r mostly .n the manners and customs
<>f Japan, and many questions were asked
the speaker on this point Th.' musical
numbers ol the evening were rendered i>y
Mrs. j. n. Doane, Mrs. D. \V. Donnelly,
<J. V. Dickie Jr, and William S. Jack.
Arr!c " rs present were: Rev. a.
U Brewer, D.D.; Rev. Wyllya Hall, D.D.;
Rev. Professor and Mrs. j. « >. Lincoln.
Rev. 6eorg« Vallace. Rev. J. Eiansen,
Ul ••• '' H. and Mrs. Klrkbiide. Rev. H.
11. Kennedy, Mr. and Mrs. P. it Roedel.
Mr. tnd lira Paul Bettelhelm. Mr. and
Mrs. w. k. Dennlson, Mr. and Mrs. j. n.
Dorm.'. M r . ;,,,,] Mrs ,_ H Puller. Mr.
and Mrs. K. H. Jury. Mr. and Mrs 1» \V
Donnelly, Mr. and Mrs. Q. W. Dickie
Mrs. <;. B. Reynolds. Mrs. W. H. Paulin
Mrs. E. A. H using. Mrs. Ella N. John
■tpne, Mrs. K. t. Perree, Miss EHeanor
Wallace, Miss Clara Roedel, Mis.- Isabel
Dennlson, Miss Tilton. Miss Etta M. Til
tnn. Miss Eleanor Reynolds, Miss Clara
Paulin, Miss Byrnes. Miss Mamie Byrnes,
MJ&fl Donohue. Miss Ghissle Bchwitser
Miss Louise Perree. Miss Anna Dickie,
Miss Stella Anderson, Miss Carrie <; i
hue. Qeorge A. Kurtell. «'harles Pnulin,
waiter L. Johnstone, William D. Read,
L. r. McAfee, Major Kirk. Captain Wii
cox. William S. Dickie. C. L. Dresbach,
L)r A. E. Baldwin, Crit Ferree. Car! M.
Johnstone, wyllya Hall Jr. and C N.
Kirkf.ride. The next meeting of Urn
Fortnightly will be devoted to a study of
the life and works of Robert Burns.
lr\ the Future.
The Winter Cotillon Club has Issued
invitations for its third assembly and ger
man to be held on Friday evening, Feb
ruary 4. at Lout's Hall, 180 l'"lk street.
Beck's Dancing Club will hold a fancy
dress and domino party on Monday even
ing. January Zl, at Saratoga Hall, 814
Geary street.
Tn<lT n<l >' tar 'y masquerade ball of the San
Francisco Schuetzen Dam-n Vereln will
tik.- pla.-e January 29 at Saratoga Hall.
hH Geary street. The committee which
has the affair in charge is as follows:
Mrs. Harms, Mrs. Platz, Mrs. Stauden
beck, Mrs. Wendell.
Mr. and Mrs. i.. H. Saenger will be
pleased to see their friends at their resi
dence, 813 Pierce street, on Sunday after
noon, January 30. in honor of the celebra
tion of their twenty-fifth wedding anni
versary.
The pupils of Pucketfa Academy will
give a fancy dress and domino party on
Friday ever.lng, February 4. at Mission
Turn Hall, on Eighteenth street, near
\ alencia.
Personals.
Mrs. Thomas Smith, the wife of Hon.
Thomas Smith. Chief Justice of New
lf< xico, is visiting her cousin. Mrs. Rob
ert C P;iK' . Til Tost street, and will
spend several months in the city.
Mrs. Wnurman Smith of Manchester.
N. H.. and her daughter. Miss Gussie G.
Smith, are guests at the Occidental.
Mrs. A. B. Caldwell of UM Sacramento
street has changed her days at home to
the iirst and third Thursdays of the
month.
Miss Emma Taaffe of Grass Valley Is
visiting friends in this city.
Mr. ami Mrs. W. Oberdeenor will re
ceive at their residence next Sunday.
January Tf), in honor of their twenty-fifth
wedding anniversary.
Miss Annie Mayer* of Napa Is visiting in
this rity.
Mrs. E. Atrams of Omaha is in the city
on a visit, and will be pleased to see her
friend?- at trc- residence of her aunt, Mrs
R. SpeiKelman. 6114 Gough street.
Miss Miriam Morris of Los Angeles is
the guest ot" her aunt. Mrs. -Munnheim
M;irUs, of H'JT O'Farrell street.
Mrs. K. il\ of «'allstM R a and her dauph
tt-r. Miss Frances Kelly, are on an ex
tended visit to Mrs. Thomas Sullivan of
San Francis, o.
Dan Hjnian or New York is in this city
on a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Hy
mn n.
S. J. Ha ugh.- a prominent stockbuyer
of Marys vine, is in the city.
-Miss Rita Han-is of Oakland is visiting
Miss Ilattie Korper of Golden Gate ave
nue.
m Rossi, manager of the P. Rossi
company, left for Venice Saturday.
I. Seller of the Drummond Tobacco
Company has left for Europe, where he
will be joined by his family.
The Miss.s Helen and Mary Spayd
Stubbs, daughter* of J. c. stubbs, sailed
iT Hamburg on the Bd iamt on the
Hamburg-American liner Pennsylvania.
fh.- following CaUfornians sailed on
the Oriental tour of the Hamburg-Amer
ican liner Augusta Victoria. January 27.
1898: Mr. and Mrs. ( ;. E. Bacon. William
S. Wood Jr.. Mrs. Paul Brton. Emil Wie
land and Mr. and Mrs. Charles L. Clough.
THE COUNTRY COUSIN.
"AVt.-11, I hear*! something just terrible
about your friend, Mrs. Gay one." said
the Country Cousin, as she came in from
a "tea" and sat down opposite the So
ciety Matron.
"Oh, what was it. Cousin Prue? Do
tell me all you heard. I knew it was the.
mistake of my life to stay at home to
ds y. but 1 wouldn't have gone for the
world In such a subdued hat as my mil
liner' sent me. 1 just telephoned and
asked her if she thought 1 would wear a
bat composed of two shades of one color.
when everybody else is wearing three or
four shades of all the colors. But what
about Mrs. Cayone?"
"I've a food mind to tell the poor
Woman." said the Country Cousin,
"and Rive her r chanco to "refute the
slander. I declare it's terrible the way
people talk in society."
"Now, Cousin Prue, don't abuse society.
Children cry for it. debutantes cater to it,
old maids cling to it. mothers adore it,
arid sons don't abhor it— no matter what
they may tell you. 1 assure you. But.
before l die of curiosity, what did you
hear cf Mrs. Gay one?"
"T heard." said the Country Cousin, Jn
a carefully lowered tone, "that she
smoked cigarettes and had cocktails
s. r\. d before dinner."
"Oh. is that all? " said the Society Mat
ron, and the Country Cousin wondered if
she were disappointed. "Well, Cousin
Prue." she added, brightening up. "you
know I'm a thorough bohemlan, too."
"A Bohemian!" exclaimed the country
Cousin. "There isn't a drop of that vag
abond blood In the W%Ol« family. What
are you talking about? You're an Ameri
can through and through."
"But bohemlan In my ideas, actions and
tastes," added the Society Matron.
"And what's bohemian In your taste?"
asked the Country cousin. "Anything
like sugar in your tea or noodles in your
;■""
"It's to be free and easy." explained the
•y Matron, "artistic, careless, re
gardless of conventionality, with no
thought of the morrow. happy and poor—"
"Noodles in the soup, then." said the
Count ry Cousin. "I suppose a bohemian
would talk smug."
"It's the thiriw to be nowadays," said
the Bociety Matron. "1M m* roll you a
cigarette, and as you lie back and blow
the smoke in the air you can imagine
yourself rich, famous, beloved and_ the
muses will hover within your reach."
"Enough!" cried the Country Cousin.
"If that's bohemianisnr it isn't the thing
| for Prudi nee Verdure."
"But it isn't entirely necessary to
smoke." said the Society Matron, putting
away her cigarette case. "If you really
want to be boh»-mtan. you can follow
many different paths, and tlnd that you
will "r.ach the goal, as we all have.'
"Well, tell me the strjtlghtest path,
said the Country Cousin.
"Picturesque nttire is a step in the right
direction." began the Bociety Matron.
"Wear your hat a little to one side:
sometimes it takes me a half an hour to
get mine at the proper angle. A velveteen
jacket Is also conducive to the coveted er
and a neglige shirt and a cravat,
a carelessly tied cravat; why I've seen
Mrs. Gayone do hers over and over fully
twenty tirtr-s.
"You musi nee my studio, when it is all
finished. Cousin Prue." she continued, af
t. r ■ pause. "It's way up in the attic
ai d you'll have to climb a dirty flight
of stairs to p^t there, but you won't mind
that. It will be, the true thing when once
r.ached."
"What do yon mean by 'way up in the
attic?" asked the Country cousin. "Tour
attic is only just above your bedroom."
"That's so," assented the Society Mat
ron, reluctantly.
"And can't you have your stairs
swept"" added the Country Cousin.
•■I could." said the Society Matron, "but
I can't bother about household matters.
I'm as free as a bird. I can't b conven
tional: dirt roesn't affect me. or. in fact,
any of the mat. rial cares of life."
• ; <>h.' said the Country Cousin, "maybe ,
that's part of it."
"It is." said the Society Matron with
dignity, which was somewhat broken by
a yawn. "Excuse me." she said, "I
haven't been 1o bed before 3 a m. for
some weeks, and I'm beginning to feel j
"Well. T call that downright dlssi
p.-ued." said the Country Cousin.
"Oh. we turn nipht into day." said th*»
Society Matron. "The owl is our em
blem. I have one in my studio and It
will make the Bohemian Club men feel ,
so at home. They just come and gaze at
that owl."
"I don't think owls are near as pretty
ns peacocks," said the Country Cousin.
"Why don't you have a peacock for your
emblem?"
"Oh, but peacorks nre such silly things."
said the Society Matron. "( iwls are wise,
and they love the night. It's a short life
we have to live and we must make it a
jolly one." continued the Society Matron.
___ • __^__^_ _ NEW T °- DAY -
><X?OOo<><>O<>O<X><><>OoCK><KK>oCK><>O<K>O<^^
Vv '.-'/• V \J^il"^jS^ _^^^/^O^l r J l l if /) \l fit 1111 1 1 I/^ I / /f ■
■m gSS^ If you want or can use anything we refer
/ - 5, 5E^ to below, it will be a pleasing surprise to learn
/ z<mFZ^ that you can get such genuinely good things at
\^WML such absurdly small. prices.
m¥vS» t^« Tapestry Portieres. . White Irish Point Lace Curtains.
iV \l\tn \/ja Roman striped, in twenty dif- Vlv In twenty different patterns,
I\vAvP«* \J$& ferent colorings and designs, reduced from $7.50 & m p- f\
A w\\l'B'a - \fa with heavy knotted ci c/xc /x and $8.50 to c!)j.jU
W\|\\l(£| \t« frin S e $iiJU
!l \ \M As we have decided to close out our entire stock of Stand
V 'ffl 1 \/ Lamps and to carry them no more, we make some really
v\ JH s jjmK great reductions rom regular prices to help us dispose of them
\V KSy^r*^^*^-^^ $5.00 Lamps for $2.00 $8.50 Lamps for $4.00
M >> L?'*Tf gV SPi^r $6.00 Lamps for $2.25 $10.50 Lamps for $5.00
iv ~ N :t ' t!^^ $7.00 Lamps for $3.00 $14.00 Lamps for —.$6.50
Iffij x l il $15.00 Lamps for $6.75
R^L fj H You will see them displayed in our show-windows.
\Vv (f fj "TN ~t ~
125-127-129-131 Kearny Street, San Francisco.
The Country Cousin gasped ami swal
lowed a remark. "Well, tell me about \
jrour pointings. Susie. I never knew you
were an artist. "
"I haven't much of my work on view
yet." said the Society Matron. "I paint
pansles most: they're so nice and fiat, and
I don't seem to get on with perspective, i
But the studio will be so picturesque to
have tea in Sunday afternoons. "I'll make
the tea myself and cut the bread and
butter It right there, and it will be just j
as bohemian as It can be. A studio does j
admit of such possibilities. Next week
I'm going to give a bohemian lunch. I :
went to one Monday, and I'll never be |
happy until 1 give one myself. It was
just lovely. Cousin Prue. They had oil- !
cloth on the table and the queerest things !
to eat— sandwiches, and crab legs, and j
shrimps, and beer in big mugs, and paper I
napkins. It was simply perfect."
••But last week you were raving over
pink lunches, and green lunches, and
yellow lunches." suid the Country Cousin,
"with subdued lights, and cut glass, and
elegant damask, and liqueurs. and terrapin j
and—"
••{'gh." said the Society Matron, with a '
shudder. "How could' I ever have been I
so commonplace? You must come to my
bohemian lunch, and Bee how inspiring
it is. I have bought some awfully pretty
easels. On one is a canvas with a lot of
purple pansies strewed carelessly on a
table. I have a friend who did the table
for mo. On another easel is a bunch of
pansies in a big yellow bowl. The same !
friend did the bowl. He's so versatile.
On the third rasel is a life-like represen
tation of a lot of pansies lied with a big
A "HAND HARNESS" MADE OF GEMS.
WHEN* the dictate apninpt gloves went forth, the new "harness" for the
hand was evolved from some brilliant brain, and it is the ultimate bar
barism. It isn't really so bad— it's not even expensive for those who al
ready own gems, set or unset; but the jeweled tfarness is the thing to wear
when bare-handed at the theater.
This is what it is lik.: On every finger is worn a ring, with emeralds, rubies, dia
rponiks and any «ther stone th~t happens to belong to the fortunate owner. Even the
thumb has a ring, and all thjse on the fingers are joined together like the old-fash
ioned brass knuekk-.
From each ring there runs a fine gold chain that connects it with the large tur
quoise ornament in the center of the back of the hand, and then the chain runs along
through this jewel, which la set around with large diamonds, something- like a
brooch, and connected with the bracelet beyond on the wrist.
It completely covers the hands and forms a biasing armor that will flash and
dazzle the eyes in the pit when the hands are raised in applause in the box. You
would think the stars had dropped down from the sky and consented to do duty
a while, when you behold this ornament in all its magnificence.
The harness, when finished and adjusted, resembles nothing so much as a glove.
the delicate short chains torming the stitching. Some women want the harness for
only one hand, claiming it is in better taste, though both hands may be encased in
this golden chain armor if there are jewels enough in the family safe deposit vault
to ten around.
There is another design for the newest new in jewelry, and that Is made by run
ning the spun gilt chains from each ring- down the back of the hand to the wrist, and
there attaching it to the bracelet. When this style is adopwd the chain is set with
round semi-precious stones, the topaz, garnet, carbuncle amrsome others forming a
rope or twist where every color of the rainbow is to be found.
The triple rings that go with this affair are curiosities in themselves. They are
evidently made In this shape in order to facilitate the donning of this somewhat
complicated bit of daintiness. That is. it is complicated when the harness is off the
hand and lying in its purple satin nest.
The greater display of glittring stones the better every well-regulated girl likes
it, and in the harness t.here is immense latitude in the matter of preference for cer
tain gems and the way gems are set. The designs can be multiplied indefinitely al
most, and in the invention of the harness there is ample room for individual choice
and originality.
For those who please, there may be added to this already glorious vision of splen
dor "gold caps" for the finger tips. These are shaped something like a thimble and
are closely set with emeralds and diamonds and all the rest of the list
They can. as well as the bracelet below, be joined to the rings with chains That
is merely a matter of personal taste. ldl
bow of ribbon. My teacher did the rib
bon. It's terrible when the pansies turn.
Cousin Prue. you've, no idea how hard it
is; but my teacher does the turns. Then
I have a lot of canvases standing all
around, with their faces to the wall. You
see, there's nothing on them yet: but the
effect is elegant. Well, then everybodj
arrives— a jolly crowd— journalists, paint
ers, musicians; and it's very free and
easy, and formality is unknown. You
must have a few art phrases pat, and
talk of technique, and chiaroscuro, and
tone, and detail, and color. It always
sounds well, and you'll find that it's as
easy as pie to get along. Then somebody
will sing. Bohemians always sing. The
song will have plenty of color, though it
may be a little off: and there will be .
jolly chorus, in which everybody joins,
and "
"Gracious me!" said the Country Cousin,
interrupting her. "It sounds terrible.
What next?"
'■I don't know," said the Society Ma
tron. "I'm somewhat hampered by do
mestic ties, and—"
"Stop!" cried the Country Cousin. "I'll
hear no more. It's shocking to hear you
talk like that."
"Well," said the Society Matron, as she
glanced at a card brought her by a neat
maid, "I won't shock you any more to
day. I would say I was out. Cousin Prue,
and not have your visit interrupted, but
this is an engagement I made to have a
background painted for my next pansy
scheme. Will you excuse me. and do
come soon' again, dear? Now promise."
And the Country Cousin promised.
J. K.LATEST NOVELTIES IN FASHIONS FROM PARIS
HTAiK is a description of a pretty
and graceful indoor dress mad
Savoye. It is of sky blue
vet. The skirt is rather long and
is close fitting like a fourreau in
the upper part. Down the center of
the apr-n, from top to bottom, is a
band of wide Valenciennes lace, edged
on each side with a string of Imitation
pearls. The skirt is cut in very nar
row breadths at the top, and each
breadth is edged with a n.w of pearls.
Round the front and sides, just below
the waist, are three chevrons, com
posed of roll pleats, which extern
beneath the hips. Tho corsage is high
necked, a blouse in b!
down the center with insertion in the
same style as the skirt, and lik- it,
edged with imitation pearls on • l( b
side.
A row of pearls also run down to the
waist. On the left Bhoulder is a oo
quille of Valenciennes, which falls half
way down the corsage in a frill. In
the center of this trimming is a larKt
bow of maize taffetas ribbon, which
ribbon is continued down to the waist
and forms a waistband, rather narrow
and round. The neck trimming is of
Valenciennes lace over white satin, and
surmounted by a fur collar. The si
composed of broad Valenciennes
insertion over white satin, and each
band separated by a string of imitation
pearls. The epaulets are of Valen
ciennes lace, and beneath each is a
pendant composed of five sable tails.
Although this pretty dress is high in
the neck it can be worn at a small din
ner party. Here is a description of an
other, which is very convenient for this
style of dress and has the advantage
i C b( Ing • aailv made. The skirt is of
plain bia'k Qeur de velours or moire,
with n corsage of black Bpangled tulle,
slightly open in front and very slight
ly draped. The front is ornament
each side with spangles in curves,
somewhat resembling the shape of a
bolero. Beneath the black tulle at the
neck of the cordage is another layer of
colored tulle that ran b^ seen through.
The , c leeves are inßde with lezes of
black spangled tulle, showing tho arm
through; the effect of the dress Is
heightened by a waistband of colored
niolro or satin to match the tulle.
The princ-esse shape 1b much adopted
for this form of dress, very much tuk'-n
in, in the style in vogue twenty-five or
thirty years ago. Trimmings of em
broidery, fur or braid are used, but the
fit is quite tight. I have seen a num
ber which were of princess shape be
hind only, and the corsage made with
lapels, or else a blouse or bolero.
Another pretty costume by the same
firm is a tea & , earl gray china
crape, over a white satin ground. The
r-kirt is long all round and forma a
short, train, and ia edged with fur. A
second row of fur is laid on above the
border, and encircles a series Of designs
embroidered in white floss silk, which
are repeated on each breadth all round
the skirt, above the two bands of sable.
The front opens over a wide apron of
white mousseline de sole, beneath
which is a ground of white satin. This
apron is made in small pleats set in
vertically and edged with thread lace
insertion. On each si do of the apron is
a flounce of Kngiish application lace.
forming a cascade and turning round
the dress at the bottom, where it faJls
over the underskirt of white satin.
The neck is trimmed with a frill of the
same lace, which appears as if f^p-ened
on the left side by a bow of cerise taffet
aß. The shoulders are covered by a
large collar of Venice guipure in high
relief, edged with a narrow bnnd of
sable and forming epaulets. The neck
trimming in a narrow band of fur which
J**aves the head perfectly free. The
res are straight and tight; they are
; composed of small pleats of white
-eline de soie, in circles round the
arms, each edged with live rows of
thread lace insertion. At the shoulders
arc maneherons of pearl gray china
crape edeed with fur. The corsage is
a kind of blouse, fastened at the waist
with a band of cerise taffetas, which
runs beneath the lace frill and reap
in the center in rr\n:t. This waist
is fastened by a bow of the same
material, with long ends.
In this establishment I have
some short vests resembling to
extent what are known as coiffeusi
matinees, but more dressy and better
fitting. .These are made in tine linen.
Tea jackets are now faking the place
of tea gowns. They are embroidered
velvet or velvet embroidered with gold,
of satin nr damask, trimmed with fur
fare or embroidery in chenille. This
is a most convenient kind of garment;
it takes the place of the corsage and
can be worn with any kind of skirt.
At Gaston Vaille's I have seen a cor
sage of sky blue taffetas covered with
five rows of white English application
insertion over white taffetas. Thes ■■
insertions are encircled with narrow
chicorees of white ribbon, which run
in scallops around the front. The neck
trimming is of sky blue velvet, draped.
The sleeves are very tight and are
trimmed at the shoulders with puffs of
sky blue taffetas covered with man
( herons of turciuoi.sn relvet, edged with
a repetition of the trimming on the
front. Beneath each maneneron is a
design in English application lace w-r
white taffetaw, forming a triangular
point. The wrists are lined with tur
quolse relvet and < dped with chlcoreea
of white taffetas. This is a very pretty
corsage to wear indoors.
II- ■ ription of n very simple
yet pretty design from Mme. Henri
ette's. Jt is a Jacket of navy blue cloth,
a blouse in shape, with panel basques,
each embroidered uith a light pattern
in black braid. This Jacket is orna
mented with shawl lapels, ending in a
point, edged with claret velvet cut on
the cross. The waistband is made of
tlv same velvet, fastened in front with
,n stress buckle. The ne.k trimming is
.similar, but embroidered with black
and surmounted with a plain blue
cloth collar edged with claret velvet.
The sleeves are tailor made, slightly
puffed in the upper part and close from
[bow t'> the wrist, wh< re they are
led with a light pattern in black.
The hat worn with this Jacket is r,f
black felt, with a broad velvet ribbon
draped around the crown and a tuft of
four feathers, the two lower ones con
fined by ■ str.iss buckle.
The very latest noveltyfrom Paris de
1 for fair femininity is the corset
:se. Why it should have re< |
this name is a mystery, for it is really
more of a negligee in tho empire style.
In examining the new garment one is
forced to wonder where all the extrav
agance and luxury in women's under
wear is going to end! The up-to-date
swell w r :nan is the daintiest, most ex
quisite creature, so far as undergar
ments are concerned, that one could
imagine.
When a confection costing sixty,
1 seventy and ninety dollars is shown
yon, and you are told that the said
[ piece of elegance is to be worn simply
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JAWAEY ;*O, 1898.
as an tmderpetticoat, is it any w<
that liusiiiiiis (..-I •usi.inally want to
know where the money goes?
The first view of this new novelty im
s you with the idea of a very
beautiful negligee Empire gown. And
as the garnu nt la shown on tht_- figure,
your mental ejuculatlon will be, "What
a beautiful houst gown!"
I ";•'■« a more careful examination
jron Bud that instead of a permanent
body the neck and sleeves are In real
ity a separate guimpe, and then the
best thing you can do is to give up
puzzling over the Intricai i< i
garment and seek enlightenment from
some competent person.
Dpon Inquiry you will eventually find
out thru the corset-chemise consist
a long accordion pleated skirt, attached
to a Brassiere cqrset, the outside of
the bodice proper being merely ■ wide
waistband of the watered ribbon and
an enormous bow. with long ends tall
tag 1 • ttom Of tl . :dion
pleated skirt.
Upon opening the garment, which is
dosed all the way down to the front
by tiny crochet buttons, you find that
the bodice is really a Brasslt re
or bust supporter, a short corset com
ing just below the bust, properly boned
and finished, exactly iike any <»tli. r
■ irset. with lacings in th~ back, which
can be tightened or loosened at will
This Brassiere Is held in place by
narrow shoulder straps, terminating
with a pretty bow on each shoulder.
and the waistband is a broad fold of
the watered ribbon, forming an enor
mous bow over the breast; this bow
ls fastened permanently to the corset
and fastens over the bust in front with
h'M.ks and eyes, and long broad stream
ers <>f the ribbon fall to the bottom of
the skirt in front, forming a complete
front decoration.
This garment is intended to be worn
with oik- of the now fashionable open
front negliges, and when worn this way
has no neck piece or sleeves. It can
also be worn as an outside garment
by merely wearing a pretty guimpe,
and worn this way is a very dainty and
lovely house gown.
All the authorities on the subject de
clare that the Russian blouse is on
the wane and that the last days of It*
popularity have arrived. The new cor
set is higher in the bust and straight
in front. This latter point is Insisted
upon by all the corset-makers. The
straight-front corset has come to stay
Women have found out that there is
more comfort and support in it, and
they are wise enough to adopt a fash
ion which not only improves their fig
ure, but is at the same time an assist
ance to them.
A new corset is an outcome of the
Scotch plaid craze. It Is not only made
of plaids in the most exquisite combina
tions, but its greatest novelty is the
fact that it is fashioned out of plaid
ribbon about seven inches wide.
The plaids shown are In black and
white, red and white, pink and black
and yellow, and one, of the most ex
quisite turquoise bluo brocaded satin,
was a dream of beauty. Then
ribbon corsets are shown in all the pale.
.:•■ evening shades, to wear under
pink, Nile green and yellow gowns. A
very ingenious Invention over the
bust, i>y m double band of rib
bon, which in reality form a high bust,
can be turned down so ;is to make it
low enough to !.. worn with a decollete
evening bodice.
When purchasing your new spring
THE WOMEN'S WORLD.
The Massachusetts Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals has
recently received $5000 from. the estate
of Mrs. Samuel C. Cobb, the widow of
ex-Mayor Cobb of Boston.
Brooklyn, N. V., can boast of female
barbers, female railroad agents, a
woman embalmer, three female dry
goods merchants, a dozen skirted res
taurant keepers, a bevy of pretty foot
ball players, a feminine gold curlst and
several feminine real estate plungers.
To these have just been added a dozen
blacksmiths in petticoats in the high
school for manual training. They work
in bloomers and a leather apron, and
are turning out some dainty forgings.
A new philanthropy has been started
by some young women of New York for
the assistance of shopgirls. They go
to the' noon rests and luncheoja places
frequented by shopgirls and set up a
little sewing and renovating room,
where stray stitches can be taken for
the busy saleswomen and quick in
struction given them in ways to
freshen up and keep in order their
wardrobes. . They are taught to clean
ribbons and dresses, curl feathers,
darn and do all kinds of mending
neatly. . The undertaking is meeting
with great success.
Mrs. Ella Bradshaw, widow of Cap
tain David Bradshaw, who served with
distinction in an Illinois regiment, has
written to Pension Commissioner
Evans, surrendering her allowance of
$8 a month. She has fallen heiress to
$200,000 by the death of her father, who
did nothing for her support, but left
her dependent on her own exertions
and the small sum allowed her by the
Government.
Mrs. J. W. Fowler, wife of the light
house keeper at the- Xo'|^ Dumpling
Light, Fisher's Island Sound, R. 1., was
in charge of the tower in her husband's
absence, not long ago. when, during a
thick fog, a break occurred in the ma
chinery by which a hell is rung at reg
ular intervals as a warning to sailors.
The bell was at the top of the tower,
corsets bear this fait in mind, that you
must buy a straight front one in order
to lie in the season's fashion. No more
low lnists. (Jo i.ack to your old-fash
: high one No more blouse effects;
just a tight, perfect-fitting bodice, for
which you need a high bust corset and
straight front BteeL The low bust
was the fad of the hour, and notwith
standing all that was written about it
was but a fleeting fancy, and its popu
larity is gone.
with no regular way of reaching it. By
means of ladders, .Mrs. Fowler climbed
the tower, tied a long rope to the bell
and rins: it till the fog cleared away.
The Lighthouse Board has sent her a
1» tter of thanks.
Miss Jam t Kichards of Washington,
D. C, devotes certain mornings each
week to informal talks before audiences
composed <>f many ladies of the official
and "smart" set of that city. She posts
thorn on all topics of interest of the
day, religious, social, political and lit
erary, thus enabling busy women to
discuss the subjects intelligently without
taking time and trouble ti> study them
up for themselves.
Mrs. Harriet X. Rich of Oxford Coun
ty, Maine, has gone into the somewhat
novel busim-ss of sending wild rabbits
to Boston and New York for pets. She
employs boys and men to catch them,
and the industry is paying her and her
employes well.
The woman voters of Kansas City
now claim to hold the balance of power.
They caused Mayor Marshrnan's vic
tory at the late election, and declare
that they expect to keep their advan
tage over the male voters for all time.
Mrs. Esther B. Noble of Norwalk,
Conn., is the first woman who started
the federated movement among the
conservative clubs of her native State.
Sh.- is a well-known parliamentarian,
and pots about conducting classes in
parliamentary law.
Mrs. M. S. Allen of Worcester, Mass.,
rode 21,026 miles en her bicycle during
the past year, 117 centuries being a
part of that record.
Mrs. Annie L. Y. Orff publishes the
official railroad time bodk of St. Louis.
which is also a complete city guide. Tt
is revised and published once a month.
Mrs. Orff was the woman manager of
the Missouri exhibit at the Columbian
Exposition.
The Countess of Meath his recently
Kivon to the Irish "Workhouse Associa
tion JIO.OOO to provide training homes
for r iris who have been brought up in
the workhouse, in order to lit them for
superior domestic service. Five thou
sand is to be applied to founding a
Catholi? home, and the >vhor |6tM to a
home for Protestanr girls.
FROM COACH HOUSE TO CORONET
One of the many romances of the
British peerage has just reached the
stage 'if a happy denouement, and its
hero finds himself transported from !
the coach house to an early succession j
to fortune and a coronet.
R. D. (t. Fitzgerald was an Oxford
undergraduate of some distinction
when he succeeded to a fortune of I
£35,000, on which he established him- '
self as a sporting squire, master of a j
pack of hounds, and owner of some !
valuable racehorses. The turf, how
ever, quickly absorbed his patrimony,
and young Fitzgerald, at the time an l
army captain, found himself penniless. |
( He volunteered for foreign service, and
went through campaigns in Egypt and '.
Bechuanaland.
Without the means to support his
position in the army he resigned it. and
migrating to Victoria drifted from bad
to worse, until he was glad to act as
"station hand" in South Australia.
Later he drifted to Adelaide, and was
in the last stage of destitution when
a clergyman, who had known him in
his palmy days, got him employment '
as gardener and coachman to a mem- !
ber of tho Legislative Council of South :
Australia.
He was discharging these humble dv- I
ties when a cablegram reached him '
•82S888S288888888828282888888828882'S!2 82?255§25282«8!2?2?288?2 82?25285«
\ city of iljg paris!
28 DRY GOODS COMPANY. SS
SS ■"■■■■-■■ "■•■-•■' — I— i 3« ir Ji 1 — — *„".';' ~,
1 SPRING ANNOUNCEMENT ! |
SS We will open on Tuesday, February Ist, the first installment of £
~ SPRING WASH FABRICS, consisting of the following lines : JJ
*i 86-inch Percales, elegant assortment of dark andiOln *Z
£ light effects ; 162 C Yard 88
•* 82-inch Madras, very choice colorings for shirt IC. 88
28 waists, etc ? lOC Yard 28
SS French Organdies, white grounds with handsome QK *.
~; floral figures : (CiOG Yard -Q
• j » jEjftßj:, _^ _ _ 28
»5 Our White Goods Department contains the choicest lines of Im- 28
22 ported and Domestic WASH MATERIALS ever shown in this city :* 25
SS 68-inch Organdies 4Oc, sOc, 6Oc, 75c, 85c and $1 per yard. 28
.• 82-inch Swiss ..ISc, 2Oc, 26ft, SBc and BOc per yard. 28
j« Also . Dimities, both • Checked and Spriped Nainsooks, Mulls, £•
jj Persian Lawns, India Linen, Tarlatans, Apron Lawns, Etc. ?•
•3 S3
•* CDCniAI f 89-inch Dotted French Muslins and French QK . £«
jj Ol LUInL i Grenadines, suitable for dresses or waists... 001) Per Yard o«
SS SAMPLES SENT ON APPLICATION. : 28
28 MAIL ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED. 28
1 CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY Is
\ Corner Geary and Stockton Sts. (Union Square), San Francisco. *J
•'. %SS!SSJSSS2SBS»BBB2!2 82*88 ?3 ?3 ?3 ?3 ?3 "?2 82 »S2 52 22 S3 S3 S3 ?3 83 9
with the news that a cousin, William
Fitzgerald, had died and had left him
an annuity of £300. The deceased
cousin was heir to the Barony of De
Rob, and his death now insures the
Adelaide coachman's succession to the
title and to an estate of 3500 acres. —
Tit Bits.
LEIGHTON'S TRUE ART.
An eminent American artist, who is now
an old man. has never forgotten the les
son he learned from Sir Francis Leigh
ton in his youth. Leighton was then a
brilliant and fascinating young painter,
whosf future was still before him. He
was at worts upon an Italian landscape,
or upon a picture with an Italian back
ground. In that background he waa
anxious to introduce an olive tree. He
remembered a tree which he had seen
in the south of Italy, and remembered It
quite distinctly enough to reproduce it,
but he was not content to trust his mem
ory.
The American artist remembers how
I.eighton came into a cafe in Rome on
his way to Southern Italy, making the
long Journey from England for the ex
press purpose of studying that olive tree
and of taking homo an exact sketch of it.
and he remembers also how, four or five
weeks la tor. the ardent young English
man, brilliant, enthusiastic, versatile, but
with a capacity for taking pains, reap
peared with a wonderful sketch of tho
olive tree, upon which he had spent days
of unbroken observation and work. From
this little incident the American student
learned a lesson which he never forgot,
and which went far to secure the suc
cess which came to him in later life. The
story illustrates the great quality which
lies behind all real success, alike for the
man of genius and the man of talent.—
From the Outlook.
NEW TO-DAY.
2526
BOYS` AND GIRLS` Page
CRUISE OF THE CALIFORNIA.
[Synopsis of preceding chapters.— Btmrie and
Kemoca have traveled with the savage chief.
K<". i. and the other savages 'ib" had been
held captive by the skull-hunter. Ghoor-Ghee-
Tee, and have reached the land where the
people and villages of the dead chief, Mah-
Coh-Gah, are. Koti has promised that an
army of savages will march through the
country of Ghoor-Ghee-Tee With Binnie -and
Kemona to the rescue of the German, who is
held captive, although their king, by the Afar
kise. a nation of savages who live in the
country adjoining Ghoor-Ghee-Tee' s realm.
While drawing near the chief village of Mtih-
Coh-Gah's people lilnnie and Kemona hear
■with astonishment that their savage allies
•wish Kinnie to be their war chief in the im
pending war with Ghoor-Ghee-Tee. They
•jvish him to teach them how the white men
fight in battle.]
CHAPTER XIV.
BUT Binnie was not to become
war chief without opposition. The
son of Mah-Coh-Gah, the chief
who had been killed in the duel
on the beach with Ghoor-Ghee-
Tee, h»ard of the coming of
Einnie and frowned. He rallied air his
friends, many of them chiefs in small
villages, to support his claim to be the
head of his people. Nightly there were
6lgnal fires burning upon the surround
ing mountains, and the chiefs in all the
country saw the signals and gathered
at the call of Peloto, Mah-Coh-Gah's
son.
Not less active was Kotl In favpr of
Binnie, and, as he had many friends,
he succeeded in getting half the party
of chiefs on his side. Pending th^ ques
tion who would be the chief, Kemona
■was busy and brought daily reports to
Binnie.
"It Is about an even chance whether
we get away from here alive, Binnie,"
Kemona said one night.
Binnie was sitting on the ground
•watching his dinner, which was cooking
In front of the grass-thatched hut that
he and Kemona had built with their
own hands. Kemona, looking every
Inch like a native chief, stood near
holding his war club.
"I am determined to be the war chief
Jf I can," answered Binnie, "because
there is no other way for us to reach
and rescue the white King of the
Afarkise."
"That is right, Binnie. But Peloto Js
very angry and you must look out for
him. If he was out of the way our
course wo-uld be clear. As he is here,
the only sure way for you to become the
chief is to show them enough tricks of
the white men to astonish them and
make them a little afraid of you."
"Very well. I will first challenge him
to show to the chiefs who is the better
marksman, and I will stake my chances
on that test."
Peloto laughofl savagely when he
heard of this. He at once agreed. He
came with bows and arrows and spears
and slings and handed them con
temptuously to the white boy.
"I will try him first with bow and
arrows," Binnie told Kemona.
"But you are no match for Peloto
with a bow."
Binnie smiled. He had passed two
summers among the Muscogee Indians
when his father was an army officer
and he was confident that he would
cive a good account of himself and of
his teacher, a great Muscogee chief.
Peloto fixed an arrow on his bow
string and aimed at an eagle that flew
overhead. Binnie was changing the
feathers on his arrows but looked up
to see the eagle suddenly stop in hia
course and fall toward Peloto. Quick as
thought he hart an arrow and twang
went his bow. When the eagle fell there
were two arrows through its body, one
of which was Binnie's that he had shot
when the bird was dropping through
the air with the speed of a rocket.
"Huh, huh, huh:" said the chief,
looking at Binnie favorably. Peloto's
eyes flashed fire.
Again he aimed an arrow and
twanged his bow-string. The shaft
flew high, fell in a curve and pierced
the body of a small squirrel, which it
pinned to a tree. Binnie had another
arrow ready and lot fly. He was more
careful about his aim. His arrow
struck the one shot by Peloto squarely
on the end, splitting the shaft.
A murmur arose among the chiefs.
They had never seen any shooting line
this. Peloto threw down his bow in
anger.
"Arrows are the playthings of boys."
he said, "but what will the white boy
do when the battle rages? Will he lead
our braves with the spear?"
"Ha, ha," laughed Binnie, when this
was repeated to him. "Peloto would be
a poor man for me to meet in battle if
he knows no more about a spear than
he knows about the bow and arrow."
"Dog, dog," growled Peloto, darting
forward, half crazed with rage, but
thinking now that he would speedily
end white boy rival.
Kemona was frightened as he saw
Binnie step forward with a spear to
meet Peloto's onward rush; but the
look of alarm on the Australian's fare
changed as he saw Binnie, with his
spear, take the position of "guard" in
the bayonet drill. Kemona having been
a British soldier in India knew that in
skill Binnie. by his show of confidence,
must be the superior of Peloto In such
a game.
Peloto's first lunge was met by Binnie
with a sharp parry. To the savage's
surprise and also to Kemona's, the
white boy stood for some time on the
CAPTAIN IVOR WALLIS
The Five-Year-Old Soldier of Marysville.
IT IS g nerally conceded that the young, the world over, show. In one way
or another, a leaning for the glitter and array attendant on the position
in life of the soldier, but it is seldom that this characteristic is to be
noted in such a marked degree as in the case of little 5-year-old Ivor
Wallis, the midget mascot of Marysville's military company, whose pic
ture, true to life, is here presented.
Attired in his trim-fitting uniform, and carrying the sword with which
his admirers about The Call headquarters have presented him. Master Wallis,
or rather Captain Wallis, as he prefers to be called, allows no one to outdo
him for martial courage and tread. He also has a gun, with which he exe
cutes the manual of arms in a finished way that puts to blush many of the
recruits of the N. G. C. Strange to say, this lad has also given evidence
that he will one day make his mark at shooting. A book without the pic
tures of soldiers or scenes of war times possesses no attraction for him. On
the other hand, he will ponder for hours at a time over a volume devoted to
the battlefield and its illustrations cf heroes. Company Dis quite proud of
its youthful mascot.
t
THE SAIST FIiAXCISCO CALL, STTSTDAY, JAXTTABY 30, 1898.
defensive and once more showed that
life around a garrison, with Boldiers as
well as Indians for instructors, has its
advantages. Peloto could not strike
Binnle, even when exerting his strength
with his utmost fury. Binnie stood
quietly, but with his blue eyes wide
open and watchful, awaiting each new
attack.
The savage chiefs were more sur
prised than before. They saw Peloto's
fronzy. Peloto would have plunged the
■pear through Binnle if he could have
done so. He tired himself out with his
rage and violence, only to see Binnie.
with quick, skillful motions, prove the
savage to be really unskillful before the
eyes of all the savages.
"Strike him, Binnle," shouted Kemo
na, "you must do it to win the day."
Binnio's face flushed. Soon the point
of his spear grazed Peloto's arm, then
his shoulder, then his body and then
scratched his cheek. That Binnie could
have dealt a dangerous blow if he had
willed so to do the chiefs who were
I",. kins: on fully understood. Finally.
when Peloto was off his guard, Binnie,
by a quick, dexterous movement, actu
ally disarmed him and Peloto stood at
the mercy of Binnie. Th.' boy stood a
moment with his spear held as if to
st'ik.', then he laughed and dropped his
spear on the ground.
"Quick. Kemona, a revolver," said
the boy. as a shadow crossed his hand
some face. A small bird was soaring
so high above him that it seemed only
a speck. The savages shouted with
surprise and some alarm at the report
of the revolver as he fired, for most of
them knew nothing of firearms. Swiftly
sped the bullet on high and the bird,
which had been beyond the range of
any bow and arrow, fell.
Peloto was defeated but not satisfied,
nor could he conceal his wrath the fol
lowing day when the chiefs, with one
voice, asked Binnle to teach them the
art of war and to lead them, as their
great war chief, against Ghoor-Ghee-
Tee.
The following few weeks were filled
with business. Kemona formed the
savages into battalions and taught
them to perform some marching move
ments. They were made to see that
breast guards of the bark of a swamp
tree was proof against arrows and
spear thrusts. They learned to obey
orders- and when they were on a
"bayonet charge" they looked formida
ble even to Kemona as thoy dashed
forward on a rapid run. tall, black,
athletic, shouting fiercely their native
war cries.
They were as teachable as children.
Binnie learned enough words to com
mand them to do whatever Kemona
had taught. Every day they were put
through the movements. Every night
Kemona was prouder of them. They
grew more impatient daily to man h to
attack Ghoor-Ghee-Tee.
It was wiser to go forth to attack
than to wait until all the hostile tribes
of Ghoor-Ghee-Tee could be brought
into the land of Mah-Coh-Gaa in one
army. A council of the chiefs, each of
whom would command the people of
his own village, was held with Binr.ie
and Kemona. It was agreed by all that
It was wise to march at once.
"Forward," shouted Binnie In the
dialect of the savages the next morn
ing.
"Forward," repeated th«» great chief
who commanded the twenty battalions
Into which the 10,000 fighting men had
been divided.
So they marched In dusky procession
with Binnle, the San Francisco boy, at
their head and with Kemona at his
right hand as adviser and second in
command. They Corded streams,
climbed mountains and crowed valleys
in military order. The savages already
acted like soldiers and were evidently
proud of what they had learned. In
many ways they showed that tin y
were devoted to Binnie, whom they
promised to follow through all dangers
where he would lead.
"To-morrow," said one of the chiefs
to Binnle, "we will see the Marwise
River. On the other sl>!>* Ghoor-Ghee-
Tee has his greatest vilUge."
The body of savag runners, who
were doing duty as ecouts, was dou
bled, bo that there w re 200. At night
a scout brought word to Binnle that he
had. from a high hill, sighted the Mar
wise at a short distance of some miles,
and had seen some war canoes in mo
tion.
"The time has come for you to shnw
your skill. Kemona," said Binnie.
"You wU have to cross the river to
night, under the cover of darkness, and
learn all you can about Ohoor-Ghee-
Tee and his plans. Yoi will take with
you a strong body of picked men, who
■will wait for you at the river's edge.
They must not build any fires. Should
you need help send across the river at
once. I will keep a picket line all the
way from our camp to the river, ami
pn will know in a few minutes what
happens. Now pro."
Kemona neod^d no second command,
but was off almost before Binnieceasod
ppeaking. The army of savages was
halted in a denpo forest. Amonjr them
Binnie walked with the brotherly and
chlvalric feeling: that belongs to true
soldiers on the pve of battle. When the
Favages saw that Binnie was cool and
calm and that he evidently did not fear
Ohoor-Ghee-Toe's thousands of black
sklnned warriors, they were filled with
enthusiasm, which they manifested in
low rries of "pood." But Peloto said
nothing, and in his eyes burned a bale
ful light, which did not escape the
seemingly careless but really keen
glance of Binnie.
"Peloto may yet be more of an enemy
than Ghoor-Ghee-Tee," the boy mut
tered.
"White snake." said Peloto. beneath
his breath, as Binnie passed.
That night Pelnto stole out of the
camp, swam across the Marwise River,
and began his career as a traitor to
his own people, to revenge himself
upon them and upon Binnie.
D. H. W.
(To be continued.)
WILLIE WINKLE'S WIND WAGON
WILLIE TWINKLE. 12 years
old, lives at Bernal Heights.
In a valley at the Heights
almost any day coasters
driven through the thor
oughfares by sails may be
seen. No doubt, Willie Twinkle pot the
idea for the invention that has made
him famous from these sailing: coasters.
But the Wind Wagon is as much bigger
thing than the roasters as a cirrus in
three rings, with half a dozen elephants
to Jump over and three clowns, is
bigger than an exhibition of two buck
ing goats at the wind-swept summit of
the Heights.
In order to understand Just what hap
pened to Willie Twinkle and his Wind
Wagon, it may be well first to describe*
his invention. Billy Bluster, who works
in a machine shop, helped to make the
machinery. First there were four
spidery-spoked wheels, light and strong
but with flanges on them to run on the
street railroad tracks without slipping
off. Then there was a floor or deck,
supported by the running gear. X'nder
the deck were several small wlwela for
ropes to run over. Looming up above
the deck were three masts and above
these were topmasts, fore, main and
mlzzen. At the front end of the deck
a bowsprit and Jibboom extended. It
needed only sails to make the "Wind
Wagon look like a three-masted fore
and-aft schooner, and these it had. The
likeness was completed by shrouds, an
anchor and a long sweep-like affair
that stuck out behind, which Willie
Twinkle made for a steering oar. It
was really a drag.
The masts were stout enough to stand
a gale. The sails were large. They
were made of pieces of old carpets
which Willie Twinkle and Billy Bluster
had collected and sewn together with
pack twine for thread. Charlie Capstan,
whose father is a sailmaker, cut and
Bhaped the sails and helped to rig the
tackle to holHt the sails. Ropes run
ning over the wheels under the deck
pulled all the sails up at once.
"Great!" said Willie Twinkle as the
sails were hoisted the first time by the
forward motion of the wagon, which did
the work of hoisting the sails itself.
This was the most ingenious invention
of all, and it played an amusing part in
Willies adventures.
Willie Twinkle was made captain.
Billy Bluster was the first mate and
engineer and Charlie Capstan was the
second mate. As they were all of the
crew and all were officers they got
along very well together, as might be
gu«ssed. Tommy Traddles offered to
ship as foremast hand, but when he
found that he would have to mind three
officers at once he gave it up at the end
of one afternoon.
The wind wagon was tried at Bernal
Heights and was found to work well.
The thr^e boys made occasional trips
along Mission street for short dis
tances. Then an ambitions idea came
into Willie Twinkle's head. He whis
pered it to his officers and crew, and
they took it up at once. Soon after
that a lot of little girls and boys in the
Bernal Heights district rpceived invi
tations, which read as follows:
FUST GRAND VOIGE
of the
FAMUS WIND WAOOK OF BERNAL.
HTTK&
Ton ar invented to sale from
Bernal Hltes to the foote of
Markit strete. bi wa of
Valensher strete. Rite soon if
You will goe. It will bee a
Kawker— shure ! ! ! !
WILLIE TWINKLE. Capten.
BILLY BLUSTER. Fust Matt.
CHARLE CAPSTAN. Sekont Malt.
P- S. — Bring your lunch along.
A score of boys and girls came. Min
nie Llghtfoot brought her Christmas
doll, and so did Mary Needles. All the
boys had on sailor caps, on the
front of which were the words: "Red
Rover of Bernal Heights." Tommy
Traddles found the name in a book
about pirates and all the boys liked it.
There were more boys than girls who
were ready to sail. They all had lunch
baskets. When all was ready Willie
Twinkle pushed his Wind Wagon into
view, and the youngsters greeted it
with "tree cheers," which made Wil
lies face blush like a red rose.
The sails went up when the wagon
moved, and, as the wind struck them,
it was all that the boys could do to
hold the Wind Wagon until the girls
could get on. They sat with their feet
hanging over the sides, their dolls be
tween them and their lunch-baskets
carefully stowed near the masts.
RUTH PEMBROKE'S SACRIFICE.
It was a week before the Xmas holi
days that little Ruth Pembroke's
mother caught the severe cold that
confined her to her bed for a season.
The doctor had been there that
morning, and his parting words are
still rinsing in her ears.
"Ha\f this prescription filled out at
once, Mrs. Pembroke, rest quietly in
bed for another week, and I think you
will soon be well and strong again."
How little the good doctor knew
what a bitter prescription he was
leaving. It was hard indeed to rest
quietly in bed, when It was her busy
needle that kept herself and little
Ruth from want. Ruths father was
dead. He had died two years before
the beginning of this story, whr-n Ruth
was -nly 4 years old.
The child .till remembered the pret
ty home In San Francisco they had
given up at his death. The happy days
when mamma and herself were al
ways merry and glad, with hosts of
friends.
Niw they lived in two little rooms,
with few comforts and fewer friends!
One other memory Ruth has of those
happy days is a sad one, of going to
say "good-by" to papa when he was
so 111. and how he took her in his arms
and whispered. "Take care of mamma
for me, dear little Ruth." His parting
words to the child have never been for
gotten, and they have colored all her
life.
Her constant thought and care of
her sweet, pretty mother has made her
old beyond her years. And there Is
Annabel, her beautiful doll baby, that
she loves with all a mother's devotion.
While the doctor was holding con
sultation with her mother that morn
ing little Ruth was having a most
serious conversation with Annabel In
the corner.
"Annabel," whispered Ruth. "I can
not give quite so much time to you
now, my dear, for I am very busy in
deed. As soon as rtie doctor goes I
must make tea and toast for mamma,
and then if you are a very good child
you may go out with me to buy her
medicine."
But after the doctor had departed
poor Ruth was doomed to disappoint
ment. She made the tea and toast, but
when she offered to go for the medi
cine her mother said: "Ruth. dear. I
am afraid we cannot afford the medi
cine Just now, I have so little money;
I am afraid to spend it until I am sure
of earning more. I think, however,
darling, that Annabel and yourself had
better go out for a little walk, for you
are looking quite pale from being shut
up with me so long."
Sadly the little girl departed for her
walk, with Annabel dressed in gay at
tire.
Some small boys did not succeed in ;
getting on to the Wind Wagon, as it
now darted forward. They rolled in <
the dust and cried. Willie Twinkle and >
his crew were all aboard. The boys
stood up and held on by the rigging. ■
So, with a fresh wind, and all sails, in- '
eluding topsails and Jibs set, the Wind 1
Wagon rounded into Valencia street !
and bowled rapidly along, to the ad- J
miration of many spectators.
The officers of the Market-street rail
way, hearing what had happened, hu
manely telephoned to have all cars held '
at the foot of Market street, for fear !
of collision, and sent a force of police
men to the junction of Market and Va
lencia streets to stop the queer sailing
rolling craft there if they could.
Meanwhile Willie Twinkle was the
hero- of. the hour. Only once he com
promised his popularity by describing
the wind as "a spanking breeze."
Several boys looked a little shame
faced until Captain W'illie said that he
had heard a sailor say this and that it
meant only that the wind blew very
hard. Then the boys breathed easier.
The Wind Wagon fairly flew along Va
lencia street. Willie Twinkle stood at
the helm and all went well. He already
had dreams of going into business in
competition with the Market street
railway. The first real excitement was
at the turn where Valencia street joins
Market. The wind had steadily grown
stronger and the Wind Wagon had a
high rate of speed.
"Stand by to wear ship," yelled Wil
lie to Billy Bluster and Charlie Cap
stan, as the blue-coated police officers,
who were lined up on both sides of the
track, came to view.
This called all the crew to the steer
ing sweep. Could they round into Mar
ket street? They were all strong and
cool-headed and they made the turn in
ship shape fashion.
But they noticed with horror that the
bowsprit had impaled a fat policeman
• who had been in the middle of the car
track, and there he hung at the bow of
the Wind Wagon like an apple on a
pointed stick. Nor was this all. for the
wind suddenly shifted and all the sails
with their heavy booms swept across
the deck like a flash, knocked over
board half of the little girls with their
dolls, rolled the others off and mowed
down a whole squad of policemen, who
lay in the street in a blue row as the
Wind Wagon swept on in its mad
career.
There were wailings of children and
the sound of gruff police voices in the
air. Willie and his crew were scared,
but they nevertheless felt proud of the
way in which they had turned the cor
ner. The sails were now "wing and
wing": that is, they were partly over
one side and partly over the other. The
wind sweeping down Market street was
BY MARY MORRIS LLOYD.
Only a few squares from home is
a business portion of the city. Here
she takes Annabel to look in at all
the gay windov.s. The druggist's win
dow interests her more than all the
others. So many bottles— surely there
must be something there to make
poor mamma well. She gazes long and
earnestly at all the labels. At last
with a sigh she passes on. Nearly
every window offers a prize of some
sort on purchases made within.
One window exhibits a large doll
dressed as a bride. She studies the doll
with interest. "Annabel, she is not
half as beautiful as you are, my pet."
Suddenly a thought enters her head
that almost makes her little heart stop
beating, and causes her to clasp An
nabel more tightly in her arms.
"Annabel, can we do it?" she whis
pers. "We both love mamma very
• " What can Ido for you, little girl; is Dolly ill? "
dearly and we must make her well."
She does not pause to think. Hur
riedly she retraces her steps to the
drug store. The druggist is filling out
a prescription for a customer. When
he hears the door open, looking up, he
sees a little girl enter who wears a
bright-red cape and a little red cap
resting on her curly head. In her
arms she carries a beautiful doll. As
she reaches the counter he notes how
white her face is. and that her eyes
are filled with tears. "What can I do
for you, little girl? Is dolly ill?" said
the druggist.
"No, sir," said little Ruth. "Anna
bel is well; but poor mamma Is very
ill, and she has no money to buy med
icine. If I give you Annabel to put in
your window, would you give me some
medicine for mamma?"
The druggist's face was a study, and
I think there were tears in his own
eyes, as he picked little Ruth up and
seated her on the counter and made
her tell him all about it.
"And if you put Annabel in your
window, may I come every day to see
her? For you see she has never been
separated from me before," said the
child.
The kind-hearted druggist agreed to
everything, and even allowed her to
arrange Annabel in the window to
her own satisfaction. With a look of
pride and a kiss she departed, run
ning all the way home for the pre
scription. Fortunately she finds her
mother asleep. With the little slip of
paper held tightly In her hand she
runs all the way back, entering the
drug store a second time with cheeks
as red as roses.
When Mrs. Pembroke was awakened
from her nap she found Ruth seated by
her bedside with such a smiling, happy
face, and both hands clasped behind
her.
"Mammie, you must not ask any
just astern and the sails were full.
Billy Bluster moved about arid paid
out on the ropes so that the sails drew
as hard as possible.
There were several narrow escapes
from collisions going down Market
street. Suddenly the wind died out op
posite the City Hall. Willie pulled his
sails down in a trice. Out rushed some
policemen and jumped on the deck.
They pushed the wagon just enough
to raise tfie sails a little bit. A puff of
wind started the wagon faster. An
other policeman was in trouble. The
machinery that hoisted the sails caught
him and he was mastheaded. The
other policemen fell off.
"We're off again," shouted Willie
Twinkle with the spirit of a true
yachtsman.
A dense crowd had gathered between
the Baldwin and the Palace hotels that
not only lined the sidewalks and all
the windows overlooking the street but
also filled the street out to the car
tracks. Into this crowd with a police
man fastened on the bowsprit and an
other policeman held a captive at mast
head the Wind Wagon dashed.
Away down the street a solitary bob
car was cori-.ing up.
"Gracious." said Willie Twinkle to
Billy Bluster, "we must run down that
hay-bunker sure, unless we make quick
work. Hurry and help me put the helm
to port."
Billy and Charlie Capstan seized the
sweep along with Captain Twinkle.
The effect on the crowd was magical.
The sweep felled them like a row of
tenpins.
"Starboard, starboard," yelled 'Willie,
seeing that the Wind Wagon would
not go as he wished.
The result was the mowing down of
additional scores of spectators. Then
the Wind Wagon left the track just
in time to have its bowsprit graze the
bob-car and take out its windows,
dropping the policeman on the roof of
the car. But Willie steered it back In
great shape.
"Throw out the anchor," he cried.
The anchor fell into a cable slot, but
dragged a while. Then the Wind
Wagon was near the long line of cable
cars, which were held up at the foot
of Market street.
"Hi, yi!" shouted the crowd.
"Get off the track!" screamed Willie
Twinkle.
But the anchor stuck fast. The Wind
Wagon was brought to an instant stop
and the air was full of flying boys.
Willie and his crew flew so high in the
air that they struck on the roof of the
ferry sheds.
"Hooray," yelled Willie Twinkle,
"we made the trip as advertised!"
"We did, we did!" answered his crew,
with glee.
But the Wind Wagon was a wreck,
with a policeman still at masthead.
questions. I have earned your medi
cine," and, drawing her hands from be
himl her. "here it is."
Mamma did ask a great many
questions, but Ruth steadily answered,
"Will tell you all about it when you are
well, mamma."
Some way an account of little Ruth' 9
brave sacrifice crept into the daily pa
pers, accompanied by a picture of Ruth
and Annabel, for she went every after
noon and sat for half an hour with her
dear dolly. And when the druggist an
nounced that the doll, and a large per
centage on purchases made at his store
the following week were to be donated
to little Ruth, it proved to be the best
advertisement he had ever made in his
life, for the kind-hearted people fairly
flocked to his store.
Mrs. Pembroke steadily grew better,
and at the end of the week was sitting
at her window trying to do a little sew
ing, when some one rapped at the door.
The druggist's clerk was there with
Ruth's doll in his arms and a letter
pinned to its sleeve addressed to Ruth.
Without a word of explanation he de
posited the doll on a table near at hand
and departed. The mother quickly
summoned Ruth from the adjoining
room, and when Ruth saw dear Anna
bel lying on the table she looked as be
wildered as did her mother.
"Let me read the letter, dear," said
mamma. Opening the letter out fell a
check for $100. The letter was as fol
lows:
"A slight testimonial of love and af
fection for a brave little girl. From ad
miring friends in San Francisco."
And there was still another note for
Ruth's mother from the druggist with
a full explanation of all that she did
not understand.
It was a happy day in the little home,
but after Ruth was in bed and fast
asleep that night a still greater happi
ness came to them. There was an
other knock at the door. At the sum
mons to enter a tall, white-haired old
gentleman stepped into the room.
Mrs. Pembroke looked into his face.
"Uncle Edward?"
"Yes, dear, it is Uncle Edward, and I
have come all the' way from Boston to
see little Ruth. I read a full account
of her brave little sacrifice in one of the
San Francisco papers, and knew she
must be your child, for the picture was
so like you. Alice, I was hard on Ruth' 3
father; I could not forgive him for tak
ing you away from me; but I am now
an old man, and feel that perhaps I
have not many years to live. For the
sake of little Ruth forgive the past.
And so little Ruth brought peace and
happiness into two lonely lives, and fn
Uncle Edward's beautiful Boston home
they will live a happy life, free from
want and care.WHAT "THE GIRL FROM PARIS" NEEDS
IS A LIVE, PALPITATING PRESS
AGENT.
It strikes me as rather important
that "The Girl from Paris," which Is
planned especially for the entertain
ment of the worldy, which is now near-
Ing its 1000 th performance in London,
and in its second season in New York,
should come all the way to San Fran
cisco to no better purpose than to
make a hoosiers' holiday. During the
first part of the Golden Jubilee week,
while our country cousins were with
OB thousands strong, the Baldwin was
a place to be crushed and stifled in;
but now, as the town resumes some
thing of its normal size and taste, night
by night the rows of empty seats
creep closer to the stage. This is not
an encouraging outlook for a three
weeks engagement, and unless some
thing extraordinarily compelling is
done in the way of advertising—some
thing that will make the show so
talked about that the people who have
not seen it will not be able to stay
away from it— l am sure that we will
pet another black eye in New York,
where already we are considered un
certain, coy and hard to please.
I do not see where the critics can be
of further assistance; for the ones who
write fiction and say that this is a love
ly show are so prosy and unimaginative
in the manner of their prevarication
that they do even less good than the
ones who tell the truth about the pro- j
duction and give credit to the little in '
it that is good. (I do not mean to be
disrespectful to any of my colleagues:
therefore it seems safer and wiser and
politer to imply that they prevaricate
rather than that they really think "The j
Girl from Paris" is all they crack it up j
to bo). What is needed is a press agent \
of electrical enterprise who will seize j
upon the sensational *> ssibilities of the
piece and the company and hypnotize
the editors of the local newspapers into
the belief that the performance de
serves the attention of the press.
A brilliant press agent would have
little difficulty in convincing the av
editor that things happen in
"The Girl from Paris" which deserve
long columns of moral rebuke; some
editors would even permit him to write
the moral rebuke himself and set it off
with photographic corroboration. The
mere praise that the disinterested crit
ic lavishes on the funny German of
Harry Hermsen, the firecracker major
.->f J. C. Marlowe, the quartet of fresh
ly scrubbed and tailored young men
the good-looking young women is
sufficient to lure the town from
Its fireside these chill nights. A press
■ : is needed who will tell how near
"The Girl from Paris" approaches the
limit if the law, why some of the jokes
nn-1 fime of Edpar Halstead's lifelike
s in the Scottish kilt would make
■ r blush, where the clever French
and his cane and his kisses pass
The bounds of niceness, and how many
ards of lingerie and legs are used* in
W he entire performance.
• • •
It is upon the lively amplification of
such details as these that success de
pends. You or I might discuss at
prave length the fatty degeneration of
the drama that lurks in hybrid musi
cal vaudeville farces and never be the
means of sending a single person to
the Baldwin. A specialist is needed,
one who will either denounce or
.:•- the subject with a swift, au
thoritative pen. I can see him doing a
full page, with illustrations, on The
Evolutions of Nineteenth Century Pant
s as Traced by Professor Edward
\E. Rice; another on The Dangers of
• 'hinese Laundry Starch as Discovered
by a Lady Member of "The Girl from
Paris" company; another on How Ma
mie Gilroy Plays Her Part Without
(Jetting Rheumatism.
T don't know of a press agent this
side of New York who is equal to the
emergency. Those we have here, with
one exception (now my life is safe),
are a slow, sorry lot who couldn't mus
ter the imagination of a policeman nor
write a paragraph in coherent English
if their lives depended on it. The pub
lif has a vague idea that the press is
imposed on by the 'press agents. Why,
the local press agent, bar that lone ex
ception, couldn't impose on the office
boy of a newspaper; it Is not in the
mechanism of a linotype to set the
NEW AMUSEMENTS.
-»TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
MRS- Ernestine Khelino, Proprietor & Manager
TO-NIGHT! LAST TIME!
Of the Romantic Irish Comic Opera,
"BRIAN BORU."
TO-MORROW EVENING — Merry Fantasle,
THE PEARL OF PEKIN!
Reappearance of the Brilliant Comedian,
/V\R. EDWIN STEVENS.
Sons— Humor.
Popular prices 25c and 60c
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
"Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
' Last 2 ; Performances of "Brother for Brother."
Commencing To-Morrow, January 31,
Initial Production of the Sensational Scenic
. . Melodrama
"DOWN IN DIXIE"
Depicting the South during- reconstruction
times. Beautiful scenery- Highly sensational
ocenes. The thrilling rescue from the cotton
prefß In the burning mill. Negro specialties,
pongs and dances. The Acme Quartet in melo-
dies of th.> South. Evening prices— lo, 2. and
BOc. Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
HI VMDTA Corner of M«ton and
UL.Yinh'lA Eddy s , reets
The Most Beautiful Music Hall in America.
MATINEE TO-DAY. MATINEE TO-DAY.
KIRCHNER'S LADIES' ORCHESTRA,
The Female Levy of the World,
JESSIE MILLAR, Cornet Soloist.
The Feature of Barnum& Bailey's Great Band,
LILLIAN LESLIE, Detcriptlre Vocalist.
ME -BALLE. Character Singer.
HEALEY AND STEVENS, Dashing Sou-
brettes. .
MONS. SALVINI. The Great Tenor.
ANNA KILLIAN, Violin Soloist.
ELLA KIRCHNER. Musical Specialties.
Admission Free! Admission Free !
._ ■ House Thoroughly Heated.
THE LYBECK CYCLE SKATING RINK.
;;/H oward St., between Third and Fourth.
Moving Pictures and Optical Illusions.
Orchestra- music. Open daily from 0:30 a. m.
to 12 m. ; 2 to 4:30 p. m. ; 7to 10 p. m. General
Admission, 10c; Gents" Skates, lie: Ladies'
Skates, Free. A Dance Will Be Given Regu- i
larly Every Wednesday and Saturday Even- 1
toss. Starting February 2. I
BY ASHTON STEVENS.
stuff he writes. The "artful press
agent" is a feeble sarcasm of the poor
dramatic editor who has to resort to
clairvoyance before he can tell his read
ers what is booked at the theaters for
the coming week.
• • •
At all events "The Girl from Paris"
will have a slim season if something is
not done, and done soon. Per
haps the Baldwin management
can unearth some gifted ama
tour who will turn out inspired
"copy," some dilettante journalist who
will know just bow to touch oil the
tenderloin charms of the performance;
or perhaps one of the clergy might be j
induced to condemn it; or a rumor
might be floated that the supposedly
real lace worn by the quartet of danc
ing girls Is nothing less than fllagreed
asbestos; or Herr Bosworth might be
importuned to do for the musical num
bers of the piece what he did for Bee
thoven's fifth symphony: or, as a last
resort, one of the managers might write
a letter something on the order of this ,
one. which is written by good old B. F.
Keith, the vaudeville king, and sent to
me by his trusty press agent:
I believe a man's opportunities for ben
efiting his fellow man to be quite as larce
in the show business as they would be
were he- a minister of the gospel, and the
various opportunities for doing good !
which present themselves in the business j
just as numerous. I believe that some of
the most powerful agents we have tot
the general welfare of the community at
large are the people in and out of the
church who are seeking to elevate our
amusements. I am happy in the belief
that many of the vaudeville managers at
home and abroad are beginning to see
! the Increased financial benefits accru
ing fmm a system of amusement catering
j that appeals to the good sense of all re»
I spectacle citizens and elicits the favor
able commendation of the occupants of
the bench, the pulpit, the editorial chair
and others in high places whose good
opinion and countenance is the best tes
timonial that any amusement manager
can ask for.
• • •
By the way, I hope that somebody
in authority at the Orpheum will read
! to "Al" Wilson this noble letter of Mr.
i Keith's; at every performance Mr. Wil
son commits several jokes that are pos
itively foul. ASHTON STEVENS.
THE OUTER WORLD.
Comment ar\d NeWs of Distant
piavjs and players.
Mrs. Leslie Carter will soon leave for
London, where, at the Adelphi, she will
play in "The Heart of Maryland." She
will return to us in an elaborate re
vival of "A Winter's Tale." under the
direction of David Belasco. Ye gods!
By that time who will be the author —
Belasco or -Bacon?
Since the complete text of that ter
rible Clement Scott interview, which
fired the indignation of the players of
England and America, has reached
this country the retaliatory attacks on
the London critic have in a measure
abated. Principal of what Scott says is
this:
"It is nearly impossible for a woman
to remain pure who adopts the stage
as a profession. Everything is against
her. Temptation surrounds her in
every shape and on every side; her
prospects frequently depend upon the
nature and extent of her compliance,
and after all human nature is very
weak. These drawbacks are the things
that render it impossible fur a lady to
remain a lady. But what is infinitely
more to be deplored is that the woman
who endeavors to keep her purity is
almost of necessity foredoomed to fail
ure in her career.
"What I have said to you will prob
ably give great offense to certain peo
ple, but they are Just the people I
should not care about in the least, and,
after all, they need not put the cap on
unless it fits them, and I should think
if they do find it fits they will at least
have the good worldly sense to keep
such a fact to themselves."
Julia Marlowe's new romantic play is
an adaptation of Rudolph Btrats'a "The
Tall Prussian," under the English titlo
of "The Countess Valeska." Its scene
is laid in Poland in 1807; its action is
supposed to pass on the evening of a
battle; it presents an episode in the ex
perience of a noble young woman who
is in sympathy with Napoleon, but in
love with a Polish officer. She har
bors the officer on the night of the bat
tle of Frlodland, and he repays her by
attempting to poison Napoleon. Wil
liam Winter says that the chief situa
tions are devised with skill; that the
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
■tffc^ San Francisco, Cal., Estab. 1887
Gustav Walter, director general.
WEEK COmmENCING MONDAY, JANUARY 3l»t.
THE MOST MARVELOUS EQUESTRIAN ACT IN THE WORLD !
The GREAT GAUTIER
The Fearless Frenchman Who Eat Startled All Europe by Hit Sensational Feats of High-
School Horsemanship. Greatest Exhibition of Nerve on Part of a Rider and the
*< Instinct of an Animal Ever Witnessed.
The Great Irish Comedy Duo TLJC" MA \hJ M In Their Ori ln » 1 Bket « h .
:—: — : — :—: — r — I rjEL, IiMWIIO ONE TOUCH OF nature/
BROTHERS ID-A.l^M^
Eccentric Acrobats, From the Wintergarten, Berlin.
~TTT~the acksonsTTT
The Genuine Ebony Langhmakers.
AL W I LSON, CARLETTA,
German Comedian. Artist Elastic Supreme
ALMONT & DUMONT,' DOLLINE COLEr
Instrumental Hussars. World's Female Barytone.
The Great American Biograph
The Most Perfect of Projectoseopes. New Series of Life Scenes. '
MATINuE TU'DAYi OUNUAYj KKABEN-KAPEILe. CRIHHINS ft GORE, RICE * ELMER,
JANUARY 30th. PROFESSOR GALLANDO AND CARTER DE HAVEN.
Parquet, any seat, 25c ; Balcony. 10c V Children. 10c, any part.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. .TAXrABY 30, 1898.
introduction of Napoleon, who hovers
fi.ro und the movement rather more as
a name than a person, is made to im
part a certain historical flavor that is
agreeable, no doubt, to the admirers of
that sanguinary bandit, over whose
name the magic of imaginative fiction
fur almost a century has been weaving
the garlands of honorable renown. Mr.
Winter also says that Miss Marlowe's
Valeaka is the best work she has ever
given in New York.
This delightful patter is by Winfield
S. Moody, the editor of The Bookbuyer.
James Hunt-ker, in the Courier, says
that M ly out-Gilberts the author of
"Pinafore," and should write a libretto.
It is part of Mr. Moody's contribution
to the annual Scrlbner dinner, occur
ring In a musical masque, "The Priest
and the Player," which was written for
that occasion.
If you want ■ receipt for that popular mystery
known to the world a!" a dramatist great,
(Yes' Yes. Yes! Yes!)
Take all of the queer situations In history.
'Pile them all up on your own little plate —
(Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!)
The humor of Adam blaming his wife for It,
Whimsy of Noah in shipping the flea.
Dame Lot looking backward and losing her life
for it.
Absalom hanged by his hair In a tree!
The patient Ulysses delayed in Ogygta,
Pious Aeneas a-telllng his tale,
Young Paris pursuing I Him Will vestigia,
Nero Inviting his Ma for a nail:
Kach primitive quib of Phoenician philology
Stolen, and polished In Grecian mythology.
Fun of the Pharaohs and wit of Andromache,
Samuel Johnson's research In logomachy,
Homer, Herodotus, Hardy and Lane,
Jests that delighted the Emperor Hwang—
(Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!)
Take from these Incidents all that is best of
'« m.
Say \i v l:;\f really forgotten the rest of 'em;
Twist Vm and turn 'em and learn 'em by
heart.
And you've srunded the depths of the Jrs
n.atisfs art.
If you want to know more of this capable
artisan.
Go to the fountains of language, and pump —
The Tattering numbers of Horace the ;— rtl.*an,
Jbwna.s gonlus for making you jump:
The wonderful wisdom of ilalzac and Bellamy,
Gravity awful of Mr. Hall Calne,
The glittering grandeur of Marie Corelli, my
Favorite after the late Thomas Paine;
The canny Maclaren, the prince of banality,
Mrs. Burnett and her sentimentality,
Howella and Hoyt and Gillette and Pinero,
■too —
These are the fellows whose plays run a year
or two —
Rainsford and Abbott and Potter and Dlx,
Oliver Herford and Sienklewl.
-.-.*: ■■-'■ (Tea! Yes! Yes! v.-'i
Take from these geniuses all that Is best of
'em.
Say you have really forgotten the rest of 'em;
Twist 'em and turn 'em and learn 'em by
heart.
And you've sounded the depths of the dra
matist's art.
"All plays, I am coming to believe,
have the same story," writes Vance
Thompson. "There are two lovers,
united in the first act, separated more
or less widely and by various means !n
the intermediate arts, only to come to
gether in the last act (this is comedy),
or to remain separated— and this is
tragedy. If you think it over you will
discover that this is the story of al
most every play, and so — If you will
permit me — I will reduce M. Polti's
thirty-six dramatic situations to one."
One night during her recent tour of
the French provinces Yvette Gullbert
found that a song which attacked her
art and personality had been liberally
circulated among the audience. Walk
ing down to the lights she said:
"Ladies and Gentlemen: On reaching
your village I find that a song hostile
to me has been distributed in the thea
ter and elsewhere. The poet doubtless
realized his injustice, for he did not
sign his work. But, to show that my
contempt for such anonymous vulgari
ties is equaled only by my good humor,
I ask your permission to sing you these
verses of a man who, perhaps, in his
whole life will have but this one chance
to be applauded. "
Here is a man who cannot distin
guish between a Sousa march and the
beery product of the Berlin march
composers! He is the critic of the Lon
don Sunday Sun, and he writes that
Mr. Sousa has never attempted any
thing better than the common or gar
den quickstep march, which the Ger
mans turn out in books at the rate of
twenty-f<--ur for ten pence.
Wilton Lackaye is still a star and
said to be doing fairly well on the road
since entirely abandoning the hypnotic
business. His plays this season arp
stagy to the last degree— that is to
say, they deal in heroes who are act
ors. "Moliere," which Mr. Lackaye
gave here last season, is serving him
in Chicago as the curtain raiser to
"David Garrick." The new play writ
ten for him by F. T. It. -hum :m<i W. T.
Price is called "The It >yal Secret." It
is in the time of Louis XIV. and the
central character is Mondoroy, the
actor.
Professor Charles Mills Gayley of the
University of California, who is spend
ing a year at Oxford. England, in the
preparation of a new edition of the
English comedies, for the Macmillan
Company, has finished outlining the
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
AT O. A *7 A Seat * fa y Phone
ni~*\o'fAJL<Jr\K\ Main 254.
—THIS SUNDAY NIGHT,-
Last time of the Laughing' Farce,
"ARABIAN NIGHTS!"
TO-MORROW
NIGHT,
Henry Guy Carlcton's Drama, r
VICTOR
DURAND!
BEAUTIFUL SCENERY AND STA6E EFFECTS
FIHST APPEARANCE AT THIS THEATER OF MR
WM. H. PASCOE.
Prices 15c. 25c. Ssc, 50c.
MACDONOUGH
-J- T -*- THEATER, OAKLAND.
HE COMEST"
2 NIGHTS ONLY.
Friday and Saturday, Feb. 4th and sth, .
The Quaintest of the Quaint.
•I WILLIE COLLIER:*
IntHe "THE TWAIN
SlS!?** FROM
funny. MEXICO!"
And: If you do not IMM Hi CTAWT) TTpi.
your seats early you will have ttv»o u » nMU U 1 .
BUSH-STREET THEATER.
Till Thalia German Hebrew Opera Comp»cy.
Saturday and Sunday N'lKhta. Jan. 29 and 30,
"FALL OF JERUSALEM."
Box Office open dally from 10 a. m. to 5:30
p. ax.
work. He has secured the services of
several prominent scholars in America
and England, to whom the editorship
of various authors has been intrusted.
The list of editon includes: Professors
Brander Matthews and G. R. Carpenter
of Columbia College. Beers of Yale,
Bwald Fluger of Stanford. Alexis F.
I-ange of the University of Califorina,
F. B. Gummere of Haverford College,
Pennsylvania, the author of "Germanic
Origins," Profes.-.T W<->dberry of Co
lumbia, the Shelley. Poe and Emerson
scholars, and the eminent Shakespea
rean critic. Professor Dowden of Trin
ity College. Dublin.
Rejane has received from the Czar a
bracelet ornamented with rubies. She
was defiant enough of art to wear it in
Paris when she opened as Sappho, who
is supposed in the first act to have
sold all of her jewels.
"The Second Mrs. Tanquery" was re
cently given in Italian at Monte Carlo.
Duse played the part. The lady o-f the
soiled past took her poison in full view
of the audience and the original play
was described on the programme as
written by Sir Arthur Pinero.
Paul Potter's new play. "The Con
querors." has met with a seeorid sensa
tion in New York. The fir c. was in the
play itself. The heroine is assaulted
by villain No. l, who relents at the fa
tal moment, and then by villain No. 2,
who is killed in the nick of time by vil
lain No. 1. The heroine becomes un
conscious in the excitement of the scene
and much of the g.fter part of the play
is devoted to her anxiety as to just
what really happened. A nasty sub
ject! Now comes the Dramatic Mirror
with evidence that the first act of "The
luerors" jb stolen from Maupas
sant's •Mile. Fifi," and the rest of it
i almost bodily from Sardou's "La
Haine."
The Damrosch-Ellls opera season at
the Metropolitan is doing well for all
that "I -a Travintii ' was the opening
bill, and Melba was somewhat scorched
by the critics, who could not forpet that
Patti and Scmbrich had sung Violetta
in New York. The critic of the Even
ing Post has little to say about the
fancy-work music, but h>> waxes wrath
ful over the cod-liver-olied Camille of
Dumas. "Even the highest histrionic
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
oßa&twtTK&tudn \ T O - FN I G H x
TSiiBLAfUIiB 60TH08 a C9it«u» ANO ALL NEXT WEEK
i T^e Swellest Tiding in Town!
THE | EDWARD E. RICE'S SUPERB SPECTACLE |
GIRL FROM PARIS
Hear! Sister Mary Jane's Top Note.
See: A Galaxy of Feminine Beauty.
Monday, February 14 - - - - THE FAMOUS ORIGINAL BOSTONIANS.
X -if vr ****Mr *• * ir -;:- ■*■ ■- * » **■ vr * -v- »» » » »»*Jf * * #
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Uush st., above Kearny Tel. Main 1731
TO-NIGHT-BUNDAY-LABT TIME.
Rich A Harris" Comedy Production.
COURTED INTO COURT ! '
Presented by Marie Dressier. John C. Rice !
and a Splendid Comedy Company.
Beginning Monday. Theater Closes for One Week, j
SUNDAY FEBRUARY 6
Black F*att!'s Troubadours.
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
OPEN CRACK STAKE.
East Against the West.
Sunday .... iO:3O f\. iv\.
art cannot make such a heroine any
thing but repulsive to a healthy-minded
person," he writes. "The psychopath
ology of the French drama does not
include anything more morbid and un
real than this consumptive harlot sac
rificing herself for a lover. The whole
story is so silly that, with or without
music, it is high time that it should be
banished from the stage. Future gen
erations will marvel at our coarse
taste in tolerating such mawkish rub
bish. 1 '
William Archer and Misa Diana
White have completed a translation,
from the Danish, of Dr. Georg Brandeß'
critical study of Shakespeare. Dr.
Brandes is by many Europeans re
garded as the most important dramatic
critic of the day.
TiVoli.
The Tivoli promises an Interesting
production to-morrow night in "The
Pearl of Pekin," a light operatic piece,
the music by Charles Lecocq, to which
has been added several solos and en
sembles by Gustav Kerker; the book is
from the French of Suru and Chivot,
Englfshed by Charles Alfred Byrne.
Both Mr. Byrne and Mr. Kerker are
Americans, and the American popular
ity of the piece is in no small measure
due to their work.
Edwin Stevens, whose vacation ends
with to-night's performance of "Brian
Boru," has the elaborate part of the
great Tyfoo. a mandarin and the Gov
ernor of Pekin; Miss Walcott is his
daughter, the Pearl of Pekin, and Miss
Edith Hall is Finette, a vivandiere and
the wife of Petite Pierre, the French
quartermaster, who goes in for inn
keeping in China. Finette is really the
heroine, although her name does not
give the title to the piece.
The law of Tsing, which prevails in
the plot, prescribes that if a stranger
once sees the face of a Chinese girl he
must forthwith marry her, or else be
impaled. The Pearl of Pekin strays
from home, and is seen by Petite Pierre,
the French innkeeper. When Tyfoo
hears of this he buries family pride,
and insists that Petite Pierre shall
marry his daughter. The wedding
takes place, to the immense wrath of
Finette, who arrives tou late to stop
the ceremony. The unwilling bigamist
tells her that as soon as he can he
will escape and join her. This, how
ever, does not satisfy the jealous Fi
nette. who plots with the Pearl of Pe
kin to take her place and personate her
on the wedding night. The scheme is
successfully carried out, and Petite
Pierre and Finette (disguised as a Chi
nese lady) are conducted in state to
the bridal chamber. But the trick
played by Finette is dlsco-vered by Ty
foo the next day, and, always in obedi
ence to the laws of Tsing, Petite Pierre
is brought up for trial. The council
condemn him to be impaled, but be
fore the sentence can be executed Fi
nette attends to it that everybody gets
full of champagne. Then the crew of
the French man-of-war arrive, and all
ends happily in a Franco-Chinese cho
rus.
Phil Branson has been cast for Pe
tite Pierre, a part which he played in
the first production, and Thomas Leary
has a good chance as Sosoriki, the com
ical factotum of Tyfoo.
A Chinese ballet and orchestra, new
scenery by Fest, new costumes and a
liberal interpolation of new music are
promised in the production.
Fritz Scheel has been engaged to
conduct a series of popular matinee
concerts at the Tivoli, commencing
Saturday. February 19. The band will
be composed of the entire Tivoli or
chestra and about twenty-five extra
musicians.
Alcazar.
Henry Guy Carlton. who wrote Nat
Goodwin's "Ambition" and John
Drew's "The Butterflies," will be rep
resented at the Alcazar this week in
"Victor Durand," a melodrama in four
acts that was first produced at Wal
lack's twelve years ago. This is the
plot:
Victor Durand and his friend, Paul
Dean, leave Monte Carlo together,
where Dean has made 3 big: winning
at the tables. Near Paris Dean is dis
covered in a railway carriage, mur
dered and robbed. Antonio Sparza, a
tool of the real criminal, testifies that
i Durand committed the crime, and the
' hero is sentenced to the galleys for
; life. After two years, however, he
' escapes and goes to Rome under an
assumed name, where he begins a new
! life, and eventually marries. On the
. wedding journey his wife induces him
Ito stop in Paris. His desire to shun
j society creates suspicion, and at the
j instigation of one the Baron de Mer-
I sac, his identity is discovered. He is
finally saved through the efforts of his
wife, who, with the assistance of de
tectives, fastens the crime upon none
other than the haughty baron.
• Wright Huntington, Frederick Paul
. ding and W. H. Pascoe, who has be
come a regular member of the Alcazar
company since the expiration of his
contract with Morosco, will be promi
nent in the. cast.
The play was last seen here during a
: Frohman engagement at the Baldwin
about ten years ago, so it will be a
novelty to many theater goers. "Char
: ley's Aunt" is :in preparation to fol
low.
Baldwin.
"The Girl From Paris" has two
; weeks more to run at the Baldwin, in
| eluding Sunday nights, after which
' time come th* Bostonians. It has net
i as yet beni settled whether these oop
>ilar artists will open in a revival of
l
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
INCLESIDE TRACK.
RACING FROM MONDAY, dan. 24,
to BATL RDAY, Feb. 5, inclusive.
Fiye or More Races Daily, Rain or Sbrne,
FIRST RACE AT 2 P. M.
S. P. R. R. Trains 1 1:45 and l:! 5 P.M. Daily.
Leave Third-st. station, stopping at Valen-
cia st. Returning immediately after the races.
ELECTRIC CAR LINES.
Kearny-*t. and Mlssion-st. care every three
minutes, direct to track without change. Plll-
more-st. cars transfer each way.
S. N. ANDROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary.
"Robin Hood," or In Victor Herbert's
new comic opera, "The Serenaders."
Herbert's work was very successful at
the Knickerbocker Theater, New York,
last seastn.
Among: the Bostonians this yeir are:
Henry Clny Earnabee, W. H. MicDon
ald, Jessie Bartiett Davis, Eugene
Cowles, George Frothingham, William
E. Philp, Nellie Giusti. S. L. Studley.
the musical director, and our own little
Alice Neilson, who is said to have de
veloped into one of the cleverest wo
men in comic opera.
Galifomia.
To-night is the last chance to see
Marie Dressier at the California in
"Courted into Court." Miss Dressier
has scored a personal hit of magni
tude in San Francisco, and it Is to be
hoped she will call again every season.
Mr. Sparks and Mr. Kruger will be re
membered, too, for their clever work,
and let us hope that this brilliant band
of farce-comedy players will follow the
example of May Irwin and forswear the
terrible McNally.
Commencing Monday the California
will be darkened for six nights. On
Sunday night it will be double dark
ened by the Black Patti's Troubadours,
who will then commence an engage
ment of two weeks. The organization
numbers fifty singers, dancers and
vaudeville specialists, and is said to ba
the best assortment of Afro-American
ginger that ever went on the road.
Ernest Hogan, the composer-comedian,
is of the company, and will give us tha
authentic ragtime coon song at first
hand.
Morosco's.
"Down In Dlxey," a melodrama of
the South, will be the new piece at Mo
rosco's. A sensational escape from
death in a cotton press and the flames
of a burning building will be the most
exciting of the situations; a pickanin
ny band and the introduction of songs,
specialties and buck and wing dances
will furnish the local touch and the
contract to the thrilling and romantic
motive of the plot.
Mortimer Snow has been cast for the
part of Jack, the heroic son of Judge
Calhoun, the Southern planter, and as
Georgia, the humble "work-out" with
whom Jack is violently in love. Miss
Hall should be at her characteristic:
best. Landers Stevens, Fred Butler,
Julia Blanc are prominently cast. The
scenery will play its usual conspicu
o-us part.
Orpheum.
The Groat Gautier and his trained
horses promise to contribute the par
ticular sensation to the new bill at the
Orphcum. This' act, it is said, is not
the usual one of marching and drilling,
but something swift, dangerous and al
together different from anything ever
given outside of a circus tent.
Among other new people are the
Jacksons, who do a colored grotesque
comedy sketch; the Nawns, who have
been seen here before, in a new skit
that givos Tow Nawn the part of an
Irishman; and the Brothers Damm,
who execute acrobatic feats that are
said to be unprofane and thrilling. The
biograph will have a new set of pic
tures.
The hold-overs include Al Wilson,
the German monologuist, who is very
popular with some of the audience;
Dollie Cole, in new baritone songs, and
Carletta, the great contortionist. Al
mont and Dumont have returned for
an extra week of musical specialties.
Golumbia.
The scars of fire and stains of water
are rapidly disappearing in the Colum
bia, and it Is expected that this popular
theater will reopen about the middlo
of February with Harry Corson Clarke
and a new company in Broadhurst's
farce, "What Happened to Jones?" Af
fie "Warner will be prominent in the
company.
Olympia.
The Olympia Music Hall manage
ment announces the continuance of
Kirchner's Ladles' Orchestra, and a big
list of specialties.
Ghutes.
Chiquita is happy at the Chutes. The
spacious theater is packed every after
noon and evening, and on Saturdays.
Sundays and the past few holidays it
has been necessary to give additional
performances. The programme for the
week includes nearly everything in the
variety line, from a tight-rope walker
to a high art soprano.
SUatirvg.
The Lybeck Rink, on Howard street,
between Third and Fourth, has
brought about a new popularity for
skating. Moving pictures and optical
illusions nightly are displayed for the
entertainment of the skaters. Com
mencing Wednesday night, a weekly
dance, beginning at 10 p. m., will be a
feature.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
minlngTair
AND-—
KLONDIKE .:. EXPOSITION
—AT—
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
Open Monday Morning until 6 P. M.,
7:30 to 10:30 P. M.
Special features Monday afternoon — Chil-
dren's entertainment, dancing bears and
other attractions. -
Rogers and his magnificent military band —
Afternoon and ever.lnp.
CARAMEL, WRAPPING CONTEST— Young
ladles' championship from Sarony's factory,
novel and interesting ; at night.
MISS DAVIES. AFTERNOON AND NIGHT.
KLONDIKE COOKING LECTURES.
Free moving pictures all day.
For other features see the great Hydraulic
Mine, Underground- Tunnel, Ore Chambers. .
KLONDIKE OUTFITTING
AND
PACKING EXHIBITIONS.
Statistical Monument. Wonderful exhibition,
of gold dust and .nuggets. County displays.
Hear the Miners' <-uartet In old miners' songs,
afternoon and evening both.
See Bartholomew's educated horses, "Trip
to Dawson City," Tesla's electrical exhibition.
In fact . the most wonderful exhibition ever
given on the coast.
See Tuesday's papers for programme of spe-
cial events.
ADMISSION :255 CENTS.
Children IS Cents.
CHI QUIT A
THE " CONDENSED CTOA^ATKIOT^
And Smallest Woman on Earth!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING at
THE CHUTES
RAIN OR SHINE.
Will Drive Onto the Stage in the Tiniest Car-
riage Ever Built.
THE THEATER IS THOROUGHLY HEATED.
Special Performance To-day at One.
10c to all. Including Vaudeville; Children, sc. .
SAN FRANCISCO ORATORIO SOCIETY.
JAMES HAMILTON HOWE. Conductor.
Ninth Concert, Metropolitan Hall, Thursday,
February :3, "CREATION." Soloists, Mrs.
Priest-Fine.- Mr. Thomas and Mr. Campbell.
'Reserved. Seats, 50c, at Byron Mauxy's, Ml
Post street. j
2728
.Cst^^yjj • -
The principal movement of Pacific Coast peo
ple during the past week has been toward the
metropolis. Nearly every town in this State
has sent Its delegation to attend the Golden
Jubilee. As a consequence social functions
have been few. The usual number of gold
hunters have started toward the Klondike.
Auburrx.
G. J. Mortran. a former Auburnlte. Is up
fp->m Los Angele6.
A. P. Cole-man of Marysville Is now located
in Auburn.
Myers of Sacramento, a niece of ex
ssman Biggs, attended the Native Sons"
i .. ;: In Auburn
The Misses Jones of Sacramento were the
guests of Miss Nellie Bi-eslin during the week.
Miss Lila Beatty •<( Ornville visited friends
in Auburn duuring the week.
Colonel W. S. Davis and family leave the
first of the week for Coronado, where they
will spend the rest of the printer.
H. G. Gulnnaraps anil wife. Eastern people,
have located In Auburn.
Mrs. F. L. Sanders is visiting In San Fran
cisco.
E. F. Wright and Fred S Roumage returned
Wednesday night from a trip to San Francisco.
H T. Power. H. Bernhard. Fred Byre and
wife. A. D. FWlowa, Jo v. leil. Frank Sea
ton and Ed Broclie were among those who
attended the Golden Jubilee in San Francisco.
The following were visitors to Auburn dur
ing the week: R. E. Whitcom. J. L. Butler.
Colfax; Charles Kennedy, Peter Conley, Wil
liam Talt. Lincoln: Jesse Blair and wife. George
H- Clroy. H. C. Trlppett. Roseville; J. A.
Powell. Michigan Bluff; James Kennedy, Rock-
II n; C. C. Hardy and Charles Robinson. Ophlr.
rsorv
S. E. Burbank has Just returned fmm a
trip to Sn:-th. New
Mrs. E V Bedford and laughters. Grace and
Olive, are in Par. Fran
George Story, r-i Wright. S. G. Roycroft.
Willard Stull and Ed L. Story are In San Fran
cisco this week.
Mrs. E. L. Story Is visiting relatives at Sul
sun City.
E. W. Hunt, superintendent of the United
States fishery at Bails Ferry. Is in San Fran
cisco.
O. L. Burtt of Balls Ferry was In town
Tuesday.
B. Muscott. M. D., Is visiting friends In San
Fianc:.-
Bakersfield.
J. L. Castleman of Riverside wae In town
last week.
C. Douglass Fox of Santa Barbara Canyon
returned home from an extended visit to
England last week.
Mrs. Razie of Fresno is the guest of her
sister, Mrs. O. J. Waggoner, of this city.
Miss Mabel Westrup and Mr. C. E. Soharff
were married last week. Both are of Rose
dale.
Dr. T. W. Helm is home from a trip to
Kernville.
Mr. and Mrs. T. A. Winbigler left Wednes
day for their future home in Visalia. They
leave many friends behind.
Mrs L A Langhorn of Santa Cruz is here
visiting her sister. Mrs. Ivy.
Rev. Mr. Wikoff of San Francisco and Rev.
Mr. Ford of Los Angeles are here on business
connected with the First Congregational
Church of this place. They represent the
church building and home missionary so
cieties.
The First Baptist Church tendered Its new
pastor. Rev T. J. Collins, a public reception
Tuesday evening, January 25.
Mrs. J. Wiley and little daughter are in
San Francisco this week.
Eaild'd.
Tf. E. Hall was in Santa Barbara last week.
Rev. Joseph Hemphlll and family are visiting
In Santa Maria.
Louis Jar.in. sojourning at hie ranch horne —
Marcellino. has peculiar views regarding th«
"great and glorious semi-tropical climate of
Southern California." that from our point of
view are better unexpressed.
Mrs. AMen M. Boyd will return from the
East in March. .
D. B. W. Alexander was made defendant In
a mock trial at a C. E. social last week. He
was accused of having been caught at the door
of a neighbor's henhouse, "looking wild and
woolly, and full of feathers Defendant, who
is an elder In his church, was acquitted by a
Jury of women.
Ghico.
General J. W. B. Montgomery .is in San
Francisco.
H. Neai and wife and . ttle daughter are
here from Orland.
Mrs. George R. Woods Is visiting her i
■ mother in Modesto.
E. B. Collins and W. R. Honodel spent
Sunday In Orovllle and Biggs.
Deputy Recorder G. T. Jackson spent Mon
day in Chico.
William McGlnnis of Willows is In " this !
city.
Miss Maud Rineheart Is in Colusa this |
week.
Mrs. J. A. Roper and daughter are in San
Francisco on a visit.
Mrs Colonel Park Henshaw, Mrs. Harriet
Tames, Miss Mildred Allen. Miss Freda Jun
klns. Miss Alice Miller and Ed Florence, all
of Chico, attended the Golden Jubilee.
W. C. Smith, with the Bank of Butte.
County, Is in San Francisco on a vacation.
Mrs. Frances E. Parmerer. preceptress of
the Normal School, has resigned her position
here and will leave shortly for the East.
Goluse..
.J. W. Browning of Grand Island was a.
visitor at Colusa Monday.
Miss Baldwin, vice-principal of the Union
High School at College City, visited friends
In Colusa last week.
C. W. Tuttle and wife are In San Fran
cisco visiting relatives and friends.
Mrs. J. H. Davies (nee St. Maurice) has re
• turned to Oakland alter a few days" visit
with her parents.
c. Miss Rim-hart returned to Chlco Sunday
after a pleasant visit with the family of G.
G. Brooks.
Mrs D. H. Arnold and daughter, Joseph
ine, are in San Francisco.
Miss Lizzie Klssllng has returned from
Oakland, where she has been visiting friends
for several weeks.
Rev. E. T. Nesblt and wife were given a
reception at- the Christian Church last Fri
day night by the members.
County Treasurer R. F. Welch Is back
from San Francisco." where he has been tak
ing in the Jubilee. ■
Sam Davis, who has been quite 111 for
pome time. Is mu^h Improved.
Miss Almee Jones will go 10 Chlco Mon
day, where she has accepted a position In
the Normal School.
Del J^!or\te.
An astonishing feat Is being accomplished
here this week, that of cleaning, redecorating
and otherwise renovating the entire house, and
almost without the knowledge of the visitors.
The annexe? have been temporarily closed, all
the quests being given apartments In the main
pnrti"n 'if the lilg hotel, and there the army of
rleaners and painters are carrying all in the
way of dirt before, them, but In the main corri
dors the same thing is In progress, being ac
complished section by section with absolutely
no Inconvenience to guests or employes. There
fore, despite the spring cleaning that Is usually
Mich a bugbear to men, the week has passed
most delightfully for all. The fine weather has
mode out-of-door pastimes especially pleasant,
and driving hap boen much Indulged In during
the week. Several coaching parties have oc
curred and horseback riding !s coming again
into favor.
Thursday morning Mr and Mrs. F. E. Young
of Boston, Austin S. Clark of Rhode Island and
Mr?. A. X. Lewis of Alameda started on an all
day driving trip around the cypress drive to
Carmel Mission, Point Lotos and other show
places hereabouts, and returned ir. the evening
full of enthusiasm for the beauties of Del
Monte' s environs.
Commander G M. Book of the training ship
M'.hi.an came down tYom San Francisco on
Sunday. He is accompanied by Mrs Book
.1 M. Trous and wife of Norfolk, Va ' are
here for the coming three weeks.
BOOM of the other arrivals of the week are
\Y B. Glafke and wife of Portland, Or ; Mr'
and Mrs. Gustavus Isaacs and family New
York; J. M. Patrick and wife, San Francisco-
Miss Edith M. Rheno. Mrs. C. D. Pike Chi
cago; M. E. Greenfield. New York- V. Mey
ers, John J. Deare and wife. Michael L Alex
ander. San Francisco; Lee Klngsley. New
York; Leo E. Alexander, San Francisco W H
S -riven. Cleveland. O. ; S C. Scott. Plttsburg'
Pa.; Horace L. Hill. San Francisco: E. Brocket
Mann. New York: J. M. Irons and wife. Nor
folk. Va. ; C. C. Herion, San Francisco; j E(t
gers anil wife. Elko, N'ev. , H. C. Klrby, Cleve
land, O. ; Mrs. J. O. Cadman, Oakland; Miss
M C. Hcatnn. L. W. Heaton. Phil
adelphia; Commander O. M. Hook and
w4fe. U. S S. Mohican: John W. Herbert
Jr. and family. Mrs. George W. Helms.
He'.metta. N J.; George H. Hume. Oakland-
Jamee Farwell, Los Gatos; Mr. and Mrs. F
E. Young. Boston; Austin 8. Clark. R. I.: Mrs.
A. N. Lewis, Alameda: Henry C. Lee. Cleve
land; Francis E. Drape. Chicago; M. H. Wal
ker and wife. Miss Lena Hayne, Salt Lake
City: William S. Noyeß and wife. Oakland;
Mrs. C. L. Runyon. N. J. : Mrs. P. P. Rue.
Santa Rosa; Miss Peck. East Orange. N. J.
Fresno.
Miss Olive Thorn :of Banger has been . the
truest of her sister, Mrs. George Rhoedln* of
this city, for several days. - ■
Fulton G. Berry went to San Francisco on
Wednesday night's train.
Herbert Pnston and wife of CoaJlnca are
visiting relatives In Selma.
Arthur R. Bribes is here from Bah Fran
cisco.
Mrs. A. Newhouse has returned from a \ - lslt
to friends In Stockton.
Mrs. Harry Finch and daughter of Winni
peg, Canada, are visiting Mrs K. Donnelly.
Among those from Fresno who attended the
Golden Jubilee were: Bopervtaor C W. Gar
rett. D. H Williams. Louts Owens, George W.
Jones, John Lclilanr. Dave Williams. Alex
Goldstein Ed Hamilton. Mrs. J. W Shenklin.
D. 8. Church. John W. Sin rt. Justice A. Al
brerht and wife. Phil Dftturkey. T. J. Kirk.
John \t«-Mullln. Yeaate Scott. Lewis H. Smith.
Lewis 3rar, Wilson I'nderhlll, Harry Doble,
Colonel S. 8. Wright and & N. Griffith.
Qilroy.
Miss Luolle Moore spent the week with D
M Hurd's family in San Franrlsco.
Miss Evelyn Casey is the guest of Mls»
Evelyj O'Connor in San Francis" a
Miss Ida Sargent ac< ompar.iert her sister.
Mrs Harry Green, home to San Francisco.
Miss Genevra Keleey of Panta Cruz Is the
guest of Mlbs Bertha Wartx.
Mrs. C. W. Cobl) and Miss Jar.et Cobb are
visiting relatives In San Francisco.
Miss Emma Juth has returned from her va
cation, spent In San Jose.
Mr. A. S. Cook of Woonsorket. R. 1., has
been visiting his mother-in-law. Mrs. Martha
Sheldon.
Mrs. V. E. Burrows is home from an ex
tended stay with her Fister. Mrs. W*. H.
Brown. 1n San Francisco.
Miss Mattie Burnell of Tres Finos was a
recent visitor here.
Otlmy Lodge No. 26. A. O. U. W., gave an
entertainment, banquet and dance to the
members and families on January 26.
Mrs. Matthew MeCurrie has returned to
her home In San Francisco.
Mrs. George Dewart and daughter. Mr». G.
W. Eaetun, Mr. and Mrs. James McShay,
Mayor Casey, and Mr. L. A. Whltehurst at
tended the Jubilee festivities in San Fran
cisco this week.
M!s>= Kittle Riddell of San Francisco is vis
iting her relatives In Gilroy.
Mrs. George T. Headen and Miss Lou
Headan of San Jose are visiting Mr. and Mrs.
Alfred Reeve.
Qrass Vallevj.
The following citizens attended the Jubilee
this week: Frank Dulmaine and son Louis.
Mrs. John Davey. R. Jeffrey, Miss Mary
Walsh, Mrs. Jeff Provlne. Miss Emma Taaffe,
Charles Nettle Sr.. Thomas • >pie. Miss Jennla
Mulroy, J. P. Malevllle. Miss M. Johnstone.
Kit Ellis. A- Cooper. Joseph Bonlvert, M!bs
Lizzie Bonlvert, Dr. I. W. Hays. Mrs. A. Pow
ell and son. J. J. Greany. City Marshal Loehr,
W. B. Van Order.. Jerome Deasy, W. Golds
worthy, Frank Richards. Miss Nevlns. J.
Jones. Charles Pearee. Frank and Elmer
George. Harry Nathan. William Sleep, Mrs.
J. P. Zipf, S. E. Fiske and wife.
Miss Bessie Stoddard, one of Grass Valley's
favorite daughters, died In San Francisco last
Saturday. The remains were brought here
for Interment.
John McGuire. after an absence of seventeen
years. Is here on a visit to his fojks.
Al Smith and Caswell Smith, who have been
visiting their mother and family, have re
turned to their respective homes.
George Lord Sr. Is quite seriously 111.
Herbert PtliUtpa, who has been down with
pneumonia, is improving.
James Hosking. H. C Zapf. Charles Stocks.
Maurice O'Connell. Mrs. T. J. Mlchell. Ed
Trewhella and Mrs. Renfro have gone to the
Bay.
Richard Gauthler aid Miss Evallna Cunning
ham were married this week. Rev. L. J. Gar
ver officiating.
Rev. E. R. Willis united In marriage Royal
Richardson and Miss Eliza N. BodlUy.
HavjWards.
Walter Jackson, who has been absent from
Hey wards for many years. arrived Tr-ni the
East recently and has been shaking hands with
his old friends.
Mr* G. W. Miller of Fresno Is spending a
few days with her sister. Mrs F. B HooaOß.
Mrs E. Raniage of Tracy hae been visiting
friends.
Mrs. Worthington and daughter of Pacific
Grove were here.
Miss E. Geary and John Smith were married
by Rev. V. McAToy.
Rev. V. A. Lally of Halfmoon Bay has taken
up his residence here and assumed charge of
this newly formed Catholic parish.
Viss Hattle Rice is sojourning at Arbuckle,
Colusa County, for the betterment of her
health.
S. Hllyard, an old pioneer resident, died
Monday.
Charles Graham and wtfa of Pleasanton have
been here- on a visit to relatives.
Quite n delegation of Haywardltes are at
tending the Golden Jubilee. Among th?m ar«:
Misses K. Carey. X ONeil. B De Camp, F.
De Camp, Neudeck and Hamilton.
F Vnfleso of Halfmoon Kay has taken up
his re«idence here.
j-lar\ford.
Supervisor Lang Is in San Francisco.
James Hood Is seeing the sights of the
Golden Jubilee
G W Swtnk and family of Rocky Ford,
are visiting Ellas Gallup Mr. Swink Is
a member of the Colorado Legislature.
Mrs. Van Wajnfr of Santa Cruz, who has
been visiting her mother, Mrs. C. M. Smith,
here, krft for her home
Frank L Dodge is here from Los Angeles.
S Moufer, who f< r the past four years has
lived in Los Angeles, has returned to Kings
County with his family and will move to a
farm south of town.
Mrs. William Abbott has gone to San Fran
cfaa
Mrs. Amelia Sutherland left for San Fran
cisco.
Robert Covert left for his home in Modesto,
after spending a pleasant visit with his
brother. J. G. Covert
Walter Bramblett, L*roy Lundls. Mrs. A. L.
Landis and M. E. W. Dunnaway left for Ban
Francisco to Join the Golden Jubilee.
Charles Burnes of San Francisco Is visiting
Frr-'. M. Kimble at the prune orchard.
D. R. Cameron has gone East..
Miss Nannie Manning of Collls is here visit
ing her sisters.
Mrs Joe Riddle has gone to San Franclsc-
S A Avers of Grangeville has gone to San
Francisco "to enjoy the jubile*.
J. .1. Deval has gone to visit his sick brother
in San Francisco.
Miss Julia Lane of Illinois is visiting with
Mrs. C.eorge Wolf.
Mrs. W S. Porter and son Wllll* have left
for San Francisco to be gone a month.
Holiister.
Mrs. Nelly Swan and son have returned from
a visit to San ITnuiciaco.
Cm Monday. January 24, Miss Susie Harris.
daughter of Mr ami Mrs. H'-iium'jnt Harris.
an 1 .Tohn Sanchez were married.
Senator Flint was down from San Francisco
f<.r a few days this woek.
Miss Ada Baldwin la visiting In San Fran
daco.
Messrs. Foote and Hudner have returned
from San Francisco.
George and J. H. Shaw went to Ran Fran
cisco this week to arrange for passage next
month to Alaska. Their V-lves will accompany
them W. A. Towle has already gone. Among
i .>thers who will go are Vie McCray. Charles
Little, Alfred MrCrny and R. D. Logan.
Miss Kertha Hendricks hae returned from a
visit to Santa Rosa.
J. A. Schofleld attended the poultry show at
Sacramento this week.
John C. Barg has returned to San Francisco.
.lnhn Hudner visited Merced last week.
Mli-s Ida Cooper of Santa Rosa Is visiting her
sinter. Miss Hendrlcks.
C. Haworth went to Lo» Angeles this week.
lrVirxgtorv
Quite a number of our residents attended the ]
Golden Jubilee In Kan Francisco. Among those !
were: Mr. and Mrs. E. Roderick. Mrs. J. E.
Warmsley, Mrs. Mack. Mrs. H. Davis. Misses
M. Mack. M. McCarthy. Kate RasmuEsen.
Grace Stivers. Messrs. Carl Rasmussen. E. A.
Grau. E. P. Werner and R. Rasmussen.
J. vada of Petaluma visited In town with
his folks last week
James Kerrigan of Sun Francisco spent Sun
day with his grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. Mc-
Keany.
Messrs. J. Saxe and E. Norton of San Fran
cleco were visiting at the Joyce home Sunday
Mr. G. M. Eaton left for Woodland Sunday
on a business trip.
Mr. Sheldon of San Francisco is visiting with
O. O. Slayton's family.
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Blacow are visiting rela
tives in Pleasanton.
J. C. Mo wry spent Sunday In Llvermore.
Mlnk Lulu Turner, who has been visiting rela
tives in town for a few weeks, has returned to
her home In Stockton.
Miss Kate Santos of Milpltas spent a few
days with her sister. Mrs. J. King.
J. Juhler. who has been In Salinas for the
past six weeks, returned home Wednesday.
■ Harry Miller Is back from Callstoga.
Dr. J. P. Young and family will leave for the
East In a short time. His son, Audley, Is to
enter the medical department of the University
of Michigan. -
Lodi.
Mrs. K. B. Wright Is spending a week In San
Francisco.
• Miss Carrie Forsyth of New Hope has been
visiting: with relatives here.
Frank • Pelrano. - the seven-year-old son of
Merchant O. Pelrano of this place, died Tues
day from the effects of a kick by a horse.
Louis Rleffel and wife are visiting with rela
tives in San Francisco this week.
C H. Nevin, E. C Woodworth and Fred
Smith composed a party to the Golden Gate
city to witness the opening of the Jubilee.
County Recorder K<-a*le Is visiting with
relatives her* this week.
F. T. Peach has gone to Pleasanton.
W. H. Copper and family left Tuesday for
Auburn, where they will make 1 * their future
home. - ■ . -
Ross Peach, wife and children, left Tuesday
for Pleasanton.
The young friends of Miss R-tta Copper gave |
her a happy surprise, party Monday evening, J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 30, 1898.
Lake port.
Misses Madge Emit went to San Fran
cisco Saturday. Miss Everett will visit at Co
lusa before returning homo.
John Markham of Michigan Is visiting his
brother at this place. He will probably locate
here.
Frank Howe spent Sunday with relatives at
Potter Valley.
Miss Lou Barnert arid G. W. Minnrell spent
Saturday at Mldiiletown.
John L. Allison of Arabella was here this
week on business.
The following are a few of our citizens who
went to San Francisco to see the Golden Jubi
lee: Mm. Dr. F. McClure. Mrs. J K. Fraser.
Miss Anna Crump. Judge T. B. Bond. District
Attorney M. P. Sayre. H. N Bruwn. George
Mayers, Robert Smith, I). Little and Frank
ITnwll
Phllo Ogden of Upper Lake was here on busi
ness last week
J. X Fraser !elt fir Baa Francisoo last week,
en route to the Alaska goldnelds.
Mr and Mr> John Hamm have moved to
Sana Clara Ooanty.
The Mfsses Elsie and Daisy Keakle left
Wednesday for their future home at Redlands.
Attorney W. C. Green and wife were in Han
Francisco the pact week.
J^arvjsVille.
Mies Josie O'Brien of Bmartsville Is visit
ing her sister, Mrs. R. Pierce, In San Jose.
Miss Mattle Blackburn of Portland. Or., Is
visiting her uncle, W. P. Harkey.
Hon. Daniel Ostrom was very 111 with
pneumonia, but Is now convalescent.
Mrs. Gawn Strain Is home, from the bay.
Mrs. Ben Glidden and child have Joined her
husband at San Francisco to reside perma
nently.
T. J. Sherwood, editor of the Marysvtlle
Democrat, has been quite 111.
Mrs. Sarah Tobln la very 111 with pneu
monia.
Max Hoefle and family have gone .to San
Francisco to reside permanently, Mr. Hoefle
having retired from the brewery business
here. ■ '
Mrs. R. King of Mohawk. Plumaa County,
visited her son, H. D. King, who was quite
The following Marysvllle people wpr» In San
Francisco to attend the Jubilee celebration
and mining fair: <"olonel K. A. Forbes, who
was assistant to the grand marshal In the
parade, representing Yuba County; Mlm Ada
Bon-man. Miss VI. i.>t Heyl, Charles O.
Brooks. Mrs. John C. White. Miss Josle S.
Buttelman. Mrs. V. 1. Earnshlalda, J. R.
Oarrett and wife. Judge C. M. Gorham and
wife. G. W. Hamerly and wife. Allen Oooiejr
and wife, Mrs. D. McCrate and dnupht.r,
Mrs. J. B. Fuller. Al Peel and son. Fred.
John Earl. Miss Mattfe Meyer, Miss Annie
Schimpf. Miss Ella Maglnnlss. Mrs J. U
Steward, son find daughter. N. Schneider and
wife. Mrs. I. G. Cohn. Mrs .! C Bradley,
Mrs. Carrie Berg and daughters. R. G Stan
wood. Mrs. Wllkins. Mis* Lowery, Thomas
Dougall and daughter. Miss Mamie Tomb.
Mrs. Karr and daughter Mrs. L. C YVWIa'nB
ar.d son John. J. H. Steel, Lottif Lask. W. G.
Murphy. .Ine Durfee. i> r . Tapley and Wife.
James Bradley. Miss Maggie Knox. A. c.
Blngham. Charles Lucas. Trable <~>atman.
Enno Neseman. Mrs John Russell. Henry F.
Sleber, W. W. Ward and family. E. E Meek.
.T W. Steward. W. B Swain, Dunning Ride
out. Miss Craddock, C. J. CovlUand, Mrs.
John Strief and son Will, J.-isenh Brass L J
Crane. Mrs. T. J. Delay. Miss Ullle Hlppert.
Mrs. C B. Androus, Miss Kate Farrell. H.
McGuire. A. C. Baumgartner and wife Mrs
W. W. Shaffer. J. W. Cm Rom Bo.irman.
G. A. Morris. Grant Littlejonn, Ed Foiians
hee, Miss Annie Slatu-rv. Profesaor H W
Wills.
Mrs Fiovd Oulck was in Chi.-o to visit her
mother. Mrs Glynes. wh- is ill
James Cook, a former resident, was here
from I>os Angeles visiting old friends
Miss Mlt. hell of Grass Valley is visiting her
brother. Fred, and wife.
J*lor\terevj.
Mrs. Mary Little, a California pioneer of
1?4«. Is spendlnp the Golden Jubilee week In
San Francisco as the guest of her brother,
Thomas Eager.
Miss Ethel M Seaton of Los Angeles Is vis
iting Mrs. G. W. S. Duncan in Oak Grove.
Attorney S. B. Caruth spent a portion of th«
week In Salinas on legal business.
Deputy County Recorder Ernest Michaells
spent Monday and Tuesday of this week with
his parents In Monterey.
Frank Zimmerman, a shoe dealer of Mon
terey, made a business trip to Salinas during
the week.
M:ss R salla Lees*, a niece of Gen°rr»l Vnl
lejo, went to San Francisco Bundajr to be [rec
ent at the G Men Jubilee celebration. Bti ■ naj
accompanied by her n'. Ibrego.
George MHler left Monday fur Visaiia. where
he will hereafter reside.
R. H. Wlll.y spent the week in Salinas at
tending to letjnl business.
Rafael Gomez and family, recently residents
of Bradley, have come to Monterey to remain
permanently.
Harry Jo«eph came down from Tuolumn*
bounty on Tuesday and will remain a month
with Monterey friends.
Among the Monterey people who went to San
CAN PROVE SHE IS 138 YEARS OLD
Remarkable life of Marie Durand, saiJ to be the oldest person on earth.
The oldest living person In the world is Marie Durand.
who lives In the village of Auberive, Department of Haute
Mama, France. She is 138 years of age.
This may seem incredible, but it is absolutely authen
tic, and there are records to show it. It is not necessary
to take Mme. Durand's word. There are the church rec
ords, which place the date of her birth as September 22,
1760. The Mayor of Auberive, Jean Baptiste Bachasson,
has made affidavit to the effect that he has known the
woman for forty-six years, and that she was very old
when he first saw her. The centenary of her marriage
was celebrated in 1886, and no one has ever duubted for a
moment that Mme. Durand is as old as she claims to be.
The great-granddaughter of Mme. Durand keeps a shop
for the sale of charcoal and wood in Auberive, and the old
woman lives with her. She spends most of her time hud
dling over the fire, but is always glad to see visitors and
to talk of the bygone years of her life.
In a person 138 rears of age one would expect to see
| Francisco for Jubilee day are W. S. Gibson.
; A. Vldal. George Bertold and A. Schaufele.
Mrs. W. H. Webb of Salinas Is the guest
of Monterey relatives. ■
JYlervlo Park
Miss Callaghan, a prominent young lady of
Oakland, is visiting the Misses Smythe. .
Joseph Harrington of Oakland spent the for*
part of the week with friends here.
John. Manly has gone to Dawson City and
will engage in mining on El Dorado Creek.
Misses Hopkins and Robert Eyre were down
from San Francisco Monday. .
James (I 1 Kane. James Lynch. John Maloney,
:n. Weeden. Charles Brady. Misses Bertha
! Kuck, Dores Kaston and Tillle Kuck spent
I Jubilee week in the metropolis.
T. B. Etravens, lately from the Klondike,
j called on friend? during the week.
Atherton Maeondray will spend the coming
i month In San Francisco.
Harry P. Moore, the stock raiser, has rented
the Colman property and has moved down from
i San Francisco.
Timothy Hopkins lectured to the Menlo
Cadets Thursday evening on "A Trip Up the
Nile." Illustrating his lecture by several stere
optlcon views.
Napa.
Mrs. Robert Brownlee Sr. of Suscol Is visit-
Ing friends and relatives In Sacramento.
Banker George E. Goodman Sr. and wife
went to San Francisco Monday for a few days.
Mrs. Dr. A. M. Gardner, wife of the medical
superintendent of ■ the Napa Insane Asylum,
; has been visiting a few days with friends In
i San Francisco.
N. H. Wulff Jr. headed a party of excursion
; ists that went on the steamer Zinfandel to the
I Jubilee Sunday. ■ .
Ebenezer- Biggs, a well-known pioneer, was
In San • Francisco last Monday.
Supervisors F. W. Hush and M. M. Mc-
Fatridge attended the Golden Jubilee.
Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Epley. who have been
visiting friends In other parts of the ■ State,
returned home Tuesday.
Mrs. Rev. R. Wylle. who has been at Crystal
Springs for her health for six months past, has
! returned home entirely recovered.
Misses Cella and Ora Clark, Mips Cleo Ander
son and Abraham Clark, all of Berryessa Val
ley, are guests of Sheriff and Mrs. G. S. Mc-
Kenzle.
K. W. Churchill and wife came up from Oak
land Wednesday.
i Attorney T. B. Hutchin?on and mother went
j to the metropolis Wednesday. - -. ; -
State Senator and Mrs. • '. L. I.aßu» have
returned from an extended visit with Mr. La-
Rue's parents. Hon. H. M Laßue and wife
of Sacramento.
Pacific Qrovte.
Miss Elsie Little is attending th« Golden
Jubilee celebration in San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs J. W. Moves of London. Ont..
are In Pacific Grove and will spend the com
ing two months with their sons. E. G. and
C. J. Moires. Mr. Moyes Ib division Inspector of
■ the Grand Trunk railroad of Canada.
Mrs. I. J. Voris of Dei Moinec. la., is spend
ing the week at El Carir.elo Hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. William B. Dudley of San
Francisco have taken the Strickland cottage
for the remainder of the winter.
John Flournoy and wife came down from San
Francisco Tuesday and are at El Carmelo
Hctel.
B. J. Young and" wife and George Krafft and
wife of Utah are among the week's arrivals
at El Carmelo Hotel
J. A. Sprngue, proprietor of the Pacific
Grove salt baths. Is attending to business in
i Salinas this week.
Mrs. P. V. Pike of New York Is spending
January and February in Pacific Grove.
Rev. T. A. Hyland and Mrs. Hyland of Co
lumbus. 0.. are guests at El Carmelo Hotel.
E. B. Gross has returned from San Francisco.
Rev. \V. W. Curtis of Japan Is the guest of
Rev. Mr. Lucas of the Mayflower Congrega
tional Church.
Mr* H. J. Stephens anil son of Denver, Col.,
are wintering in Pacific Grove.
Petaluma.
Rev. H. A. Atkinson, of Fortuna, Humboldt
County, la here visiting his father, the Rev.
Thomas A. Atkinson.
Mrs. L. B. Towne of San Francisco is visit
ing her parents. Mr. and Mrs. Cantel.
C. l) Bates Jr. of Oakland spent Wednes
day here.
F. R. Steams and' family will shortly re
move to Stockton, wher* they will reside in
future.
Friday evening the hubert concert, given
under the auspices of the Ladles' Improve
ment club, proved a brilliant affair, from a
- musical point of view as well as a society
I event.
on February 21 ary. .: the Petaluma Whist
Club will hold tts r*r::l*r annual tournament,
to which H Invites p i whlst_ players.
JRcdding.
Georce Schmltt. •- :perintendent of the Na
tional mlii*". aooon i anied by Mrs S.hmltt.
»P*"nt <; : leu Jubilee week in San Fiwndseo.
Miss Nellie l>ra>nard, teacher In the public
• Keswlck. was in Redding.
the merest wreck of humanity. But such Is not the case.
Marie Durand is able to sit upright in a chair and her face
is wonderfully free from wrinkles. The greatest signs of
age appear at the corners of her mouth, which are drawn
down at the sides, the prominent face bones and the watery
and nearly sightless eyes. She has hardly any hair.
Nor has Marie Durand's memory deserted her. She can
remember nearly every event of her life. The Incidents of
the meteoric career of Napoleon I are as clear to her as if
they happened yesterday. "He was a grand soldier, but
also a great villain." is the way she deau«Des him. Nor
has she lost track of her numerous family. Her children,
grandchildren and three times great-grandchildren are all
known to her, and she can call the names of each. She
takes an interest in each and every one and loves to
fondle the babies.
In spite of her great age, Marie Durand says she ex
pects to keep out of the cemetery for many years to come.
If you ask her if she expects to celebrate her next birth
day, she replies quickly: "Why not?"
Bavll Bresiauer. a popular business man. has
returned from a business and pleasure trip
to San Francisco.
T. E. Jones. Judge of the Superior Court of
Trinity County, is In San Francisco.
J W. Conant. Fabian Fisher. J. Roy Mc-
Donald, Ed de Frese. Charles Jacobson. W. E.
Herzinger. Gerald OShay and John McCall
spent Jubilee week In San Francisco.
Mr« C C Bush is In San Francisco.
James G. Estep. accompanied by his sister
in-law. Miss Flora Henderson, has returned
from San Franc •!*(■,•
B. F. Flood has gone to Portland. Or.
John Potts and Milt La Due were among
Reading's visitors to San Francisco during
Jubilee week.
Miss Llllle Crawford Is visiting friends and
relatives in Sacramento.
J^edWood Gikj.
Mrs James T. O Keefe has gone to San
Leandro to visit friend*
F C. Thlele of tail place will start for Klon
dike some tlmo .lurin* the middle of February
,J< nt ? Butts an^ Miss Addie Underhlll of
this place were united !n matrimony at the
lmTfast bride's father on Suniay morn-
Lynus Jacobus spent the fore part of th*
week with his brother Charles.
Fed Bluff.
ir M ~. and Un i George Shaffer are in San
Francisco spending Jubilee week.
Miss May Coates and her mother went to
San Francisco Friday to visit Chris Coates.
5? i? attending Heald's Business College.
E. H. Ward and wife and Mrs. L. L. Mc
i Coy are attending the Golden Jublle*.
; Mrs. Runyon. mother of E. W. Runyon. and
: Mrs. Di\ Gilbert and little son. Rodney, went
to San Francisco Saturday,
i Miss Lena Frank is visiting In Vallejo, and
later will go to San Francisco.
Mrs. Douglas Cone and Mrs. ' Henry Clay
Hughes are in San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. E. N. Tapscott and Mrs. W.
T. Lewis have gone to the Jubilee.
F. w. Hamilton • and wife are In Dlxon.
Mr. and Mrs. Alex Cohn. Miss Stella and
Ashley have returned from a visit to rela
tives in Anderson.
Mrs. J. H. Holt and children of Redding
are guests of Mrs. John N. Gregg.
Miss Kate Lowery of Lowery is In town.
Miss Anna Corrigan is visiting In Redding.
Mrs. C. J. Brady and little son and Miss
Mamie Brady have returned from Frultvale.
Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Connor are home
from San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. Asa Peaks of Henleyvllle were
In town Tuesday.
Mr. and Mrs. Jack McClure are visiting rel-
I atives In San Francisco.
Sacramento.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Esther Griffins of East Oakland and Charles
M. Berry of Sacramento.
Mrs. A. \V. Barrett, accompanied by Mrs.
William Beckman Mrs. J. L. McCord, Miss
Josephine Todman and Miss Olivette Don
nellan. visited San Francisco last week as
the guests of General Barrett to witness the
launching of the Chitose.
Mr. and Mrs. T. V. Maxwell. Mrs. M. E.
Maxwell. Miss N. Maxwell and Miss H. Jef
fer came up to attend the Maxwell-Cox wed
ding.
Mrs. F. H. Metcalf has selected the first
and third Thursdays of the month as her
days at home.
Mrs. M. H. Halght entertained a few of
her friends last Saturday afternoon.
A preat many Pm-ramentans visited the
Golden Jubilee In San Francisco last week.
The Tuesday Literary Club enjoyed an
afternoon with "Charles Lamb." "Douglass
Jerrold" and "Thomas Hood" on the ISth
Inst.
Mijs Filth Conn of Seattle Is visiting Mrs.
Dr. Button.
Miss Shepard of Ban Francisco Is visiting
Miss Kmmet.
Mrs Horace E. Boyne of Oakland Is vlslt
!npr relatives In Sacramento and Elk Grove.
Mrs. Dr. Fay and children are spending
a c .uple of weeks In San Francisco.
Ml*? Ix>ulsa Heilbron Is up from San Diego
on a visit.
Mm Lora Turner is visiting Mrs. H. G.
Toll In Pan Francisco.
Mrs. <"harles PHlman entertained the
Spoonbill riub at her home last week. Tho
prize winners were Mrs MrOrd. Mrs. Ben
Crocker, Mrs. R. D. Stephens and Mrs.
Tardley.
Santa Ar\a.
S. L. Chllson has returned from Sage. River
side County, where he has been engaged. In
mlnlntr pursuits.
- Frank Everett, with his wife and daughter,
of Mercer County. la., are the guests of J. C.
Bryant and family.' . : '■ I
Captain Henry Lewis, wife and daughter of
■Yarmouth, Nova Scotia., - accompanied . by Mrs.
X. W. Best of Beaumont,' Pal., are here on a.
visit to W. H. Best. -. -■> v- : .
Mrs. C. M. Mitchell of Los Angeles was. the
guest of W. B. Wlnans and family last week.
Lou Parsons and wife of Redlands visited
Mrs. Parsons' parents. Mr. and' Mr?. TV. W.
Buell, last week.
Mr. and Mrs. J. D. -Gage- of -Cambridge
Springs, Pa., were the guests of Mrs. Mary
V. Lyon last week. They left Wednesday for \
Riverside, where Mr. Gage recently purchased
a fine orange grove.
Dr. and Mrs. R. W. Van Agnews returned
Tuesday from a month's visit In Fallbrook,
San Diego County.
George M. Kryh! and Miss Lottie Lee, both
popular young people, were married Wednes
day morning at the home of the bride's par
ents in Tunin. After spending a brief honey
moon In San Diego they will return to Santa
Ana to reside.
Mrs. J. H. Messerly and daughter. Mrs. Jes
sie Chase, both of Sidney. Neb., are the guests
of G. S. Wilson and family.
K. C. Green and family of Soldier. Kan.,
were in the city last week. Mr. Green Is a
retired banker and an old friend of Dr. W. H.
Hill. . - ■ _ . v-v-v
Salinas.
Mrs. S. F. Giel and daughter, Allnda, are
visiting friends In San Francisco.
Miss Annie Brown of Fresno, who has been
1 vtMtlng frier.. in Pan Lucas, is now tie guest
lof Miss Winnie DeWitt in this city. !
• John Gallagher, a prominent rancher of San
Ardo County, was In Salinas this week.
A. C. Buckeldee. who has been confined to his
bed for several weeks past with rheumatism,
is able to be up and around again.
Contractor L. U. Grant Is In Monterey In
specting work on the San Carlos Convent In
that city. •-•..•
Dr. W. H. Hedgepeth, formerly of this city,
but now living- In San Lucas, Is visiting friends
in this city.
Miss Hattie Parker left for Oakland Wednes
day to resume her studies In the Convent of
the Sacred Heart. Miss Anita Parker accom
panied her sister to San Francisco and will re
main several weeks visiting friends.
Mr. and Mrs. T. S. Mabel entertained one
night this week In honor of Miss Llllie Sam
uels, formerly of Salinas, but whose home is
now In Los Angeles. The evening was very
pleasantly spent In unique entertainment. A
host of friends were present.
A very pretty but quiet home wedding took
place In this city Wednesday morning at the
residence of Mrs. M. S. Hutchlnson on South
Main street. The . contracting parties were
Charles Schaefer and Miss Grace Parsons, a
niece of Mrs. Hutchlnson. Rev. J. W. Bryant
officiated.
Mrs. Porter, wife of the veteran dry goods
man. J. B. Porter, Is In San Lucaa visiting
relatives.
Miss Edna O'Brien, daughter of M. O'Brien
of San Francisco, is the guest of her aunt. Mrs.
C. A. Hudson, on Front street.
M. Ortins. J. Pedro, S. K. Tuttle and Albert
Schaufele of Monterey are in Salinas as wit
nesses in the Westlake case.
Santa Glara.
Mrs. C Jackson has returned to Holllster
after a month's visit to her parents. Dr. and
Mrs. Warburton.
Mlfs Bertha Roll has returned from a six
weeks' visit at Belmont.
Mrs. R. Llnville and daughter. Miss Laura,
are visiting in San Francisco.
Miss Alice Halnes of San Francisco la spend
ing a vacation with her parents.
John Roll was a San Francisco visitor last
week.
Mrs. J. Bailey and daughter have returned
from San Francisco.
Miss Mary Schaefer has returned from a
month's visit to Los Angeles.
The Misses Van Buren. who have been the
guests of Miss B. Woodhams, have left for San
Francisco, and will shortly return to their
home In New York City.
J. Nuttman and daughter are the guests of
William Kelm of San Francisco.
Dr. S. M. Dodson is visiting In Gilroy. .- ;
Mrs. H. A. Pflster has left for a visit to
Oakland.
San Jose.
Mrs. George Wapple of Holllster and Mrs.
Belle Bonnell of San Francisco are guests of
their sister. Miss M. McMahon.
Mrs. Al Chadbourne and little daughter of
San Francisco are visiting Mrs. Alice Bassler.
Mrs. J. Naglee Burk of San Francisco spent
part of the week In San Jose.
Dr. C. A. Goss and Mrs. C T. Steeple en
tertained a party of friends at Miss Goss'
home on North Third street.
Miss Estelle Lion is in San Francisco.
Yerha Buena Lodge, K. and L. of H.. gave
a highly successful masquerade ball Friday
night.
Emlle Krouse will leave for the Klondike in
about ten days.
Miss Pait=y Murphy of Mountain View, who
has been visiting Miss Mary Wlleox, has re
turned to her hgme.
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Henry and daughter. Miss
Bcote, spent several days In San Francisco
during the past week.
Mrs. George B. McKee left Saturday for an
extended visit to Europe.
Miss Alice Masten of San Francisco Is the
guest of M'.ss Kll/alWh T. Murphy.
Miss Alice Smith spent several days in San
Francisco and Oakland during the past week.
Mrs. N. tl. Argues and son, Clement, are
making a tour of Mexico.
Mrs. Lillian <\->ok Is the guest of her sister,
Mrs. A. F. Alrlna in Santa Cms.
San Luis Obispo.
Mrs. Catherine South left Saturday on a
\Mslt to relatives in San Jose.
Miss Minnie Kidwell has returned to her
home In San Francisco after a visit with rela
tives In Arroyo Grande.
Mr and Mrs. James B. Blake have returned
from their wedding trip to Los Angeles.
G. B. Gagllardo of San Jose, formerly pro
prietor of Hotel Marre at Port Harford. visited
here several days.
Mrs. F. B. Schow has returned from a vlstt
with relatives In Arroyo Grande.
Mrs. E. O. Steiner. who has been on an ex
tended visit to her parents. Mr. and Mr 9. H. M.
Moore, left Saturday for her home In Redding.
Mrs L W Hill has returned to her home in
San Jose after a visit with her parents. Mr.
and Mr*. E W Carpenter.
Miss Sadie Craig of Salinas Is the guest of
relatives in this city.
Miss Fannla Blake has returned from a visit
to Fetaluma.
Mrs M. Faustino Is the guest of her 6ister,
Mrs. F. P. Duley, In San Francisco.
Sonoma.
Mrs E. Marti spent several days last week
visiting the family of V. Rledl of Petaluma.
Mrs.. D. Carr of Tiburon was a visitor to this
place last week.
About 100 people from Sonoma Valley at
tended the Golden Jubilee in Pan Francisco last
The a wedding of W.illiam T. Wyatt and Miss
Amanda Pllastre. both of this place, took place
In Napa last Monday.
pp. o. Walllser will shortly leave for a visit
to the old country, where he goes to settle an
important estate.
H. J. Leutholtz of San Rafael was a visitor
here Thursday.
Mr. and Mrs. T. Olivier! were In San Fran
cisco Thursday.
Mr Lcupy, L. Puprat and J. Chicon of San
Francisco were guests of Peter Heln several
days last week.
St. Helena.
Mrs Johnson and family of Ukiah have
moved to St. Helena.
G. M. Francis, editor of the Napa Register,
spent Tuesday In St. Helena.
Misses Louise Graham and Alice Digga vis
ited In the city the first of the week.
A. L. Williams, president of the Carver Na
tional Bank, spent several days this week in
San Francisco.
Misses Lena and Louise Merk were in the
city the first of the week.
Miss Sarah Galewsky attended the Golden
Jubilee in the metropolis the first of the week.
Mr. and Mrs. G. Backus attended the Golden
Jubilee in San Francisco Monday. Mr. Backus
rode in a carriage in the parade, he being a
member of the Society of Pioneers.
Mrs. Alexander of Healdsburg is a guest at
the home of her son, F. L. Alexander.
Among those who went to the city Sun
day were: Dr. and Mrs. A. J. Sanderson, Mrs.
Fannie Whitton. Misses Eda Borla and Sophie
Lange. J. F. Merk, Charles Wheeler and Ernest
Fruits.
Mrs. Rlon of San Francisco Is visiting her
brother. C. F. Rednall.
Joe Bellanl has secured a position In San
Francisco.
Santa Barbara.
Mr. and Mrs. H. B. Duryea of New York
City are expected soon from the East to spend
the remainder of the winter here.
Dr. Dudley Smith, who has been here for
some weeks, has returned to his home in
Cleveland. Mrs. Smith Joins her husband In
March.
Joel A. Fithian. accompanied by his daugh
ter, Mrs. Clarence Andrews, is to arrive short
ly frogi the East.
Pierre Lorlllard Jr. and family will arrive
here In February for a two months' stay.
Peverill Meigs Jr. leaves In a few days tor
New York Oty to reside permanently.
Mrs. Joseph Bates has returned from her visit
to Pomona.
E. F. Rogers, a prominent merchant of Santa
Barbara, and brother-in-law of Captain Ellis,
who has made a rich strike In the Klondike,
has taken his departure for Dawson.
Mrs. R. A. Lung has left for Los Angeleß to
Join her husband, who Is now a resident of
that place.
Mrs. H. Ralner of Danville. 111.. Is here for
the winter, the guest of Mrs. Colonel I. N. I'ey-
ton.
P. Neyhart of Burlington, Kan., is here to
reside permanently.
Julare.
Mr. and Mrs. Joe P. Thorn of Los. Angeles
have been visiting friends ' In Tula re.
Mr. and ' Mr. 1 R. H. • GiUesple have returned
from Los Angeles.
Captain . F. Oakford has been appointed
postmaster ft! Tulare.
The Stone Brothers have removed to San
Francisco. . '• - , * ■•'■'
J. H. Aiken and • Charles Ayers are prepar
taxto leave for the Klondike sold fields.
. The : Guild ., Ladles of the . Episcopal , church
rave i a charming pantomime social Saturday
at Ham's Ball.
Senator R. Llnder i? home from San Fran
cisco.
Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Gibson have returned
from Los Angeles, where they have been
spending the past two weeks.
J. H. Ford o' the Union Herald Is home
from San Franc 1?-1 ?-' ■">.
J. M. Foster and John White have left for
the Alaska gold fields. They took alone
eighteen handsome dogs.
Mrs. C. W. Tozer Is in San Francisco.
Vlsalia.
Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Ariair of Edina. Mo.,
who have been visiting relatives here. have
gone to Malaga, Fresno County, for a short
visit.
Mrs. C. J. Giddings and Mrs. John G. Knox
are visiting friends in San Francisco.
Elder P. Colvin and family, who went to
lowa last summer, are expected back here
shortly to locate.
Mrs Henrietta Andreson has gone back to
Lewlston. Me., on a visit to her relatives.
Mrs. E. A. Luce has gone to Los Angeleß
to attend her daughter. Mrs. D. O. Ander«
son. who Is very 111.
T'da and Yda Waldrop or Healdsburg art
visiting their sister. Mrs. Louis Meyer.
Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Gibson have returneel
from a bridal tour to Los Angeles and othei
southprn cities.
A. R. Green, a Government Inspector of
land offices, has been here several days.
Mr an.l Mrs. J. D. Keener of Spokane,
W«sh , have arrived here to visit their soil
and family. They Intend to make their horns
here also.
Mrs. Nettle Williams was called to lone
to attend the funeral of her grandfather.
Jesse B. Agnew of Santa Clara County la
visiting old friends In this vicinity, w. D.
Lewis, a fruitman of Willows, came with
him.
Ventura.
W. A. Madison Is visiting with his parents
in San Jose.
Hon. L. F. Eastin. editor of the Ventura In. •
dependent, is visiting in San Francisco. San
Jose and Alameda.
Henry Guggenheim is In San Francisco.
So is Julian Cerf.
Mrs. Mclntyre of Trinidad. Colo., is the guest .
of Mrs. H. D. Ley.
J. L. Murphy of Los Angeles Is in this dtj"V
Leslie Chaffee is In San Francisco. .
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas S. Newby have re
turned home from • an extended visit in San
Jose and San Francisco.
Ed M. Wagner Is in San Francisco.
Mrs. S. Bartlett and Mrs. C. G. Bartlett
have returned from Los Angeles.
Hon. S. T. Black. State Superintendent of
Schools, was In this city during .the past
week.
Hon. C. D. Bonstel. T. A. Rice, John G.
Ricker, John McGonlgle and Ben Virden ar«
In San Francisco.
James Canwrillo Is visiting Los Angeles and
San Diego.
Mrs. Jennie Beckenbrock of St. Louis. Mo.,
If visiting in this city with relatives.
Hon. A. L. Hardlbon of Santa Paula was In
Ventura last week.
Dr. A. J. Comstoek has returned from Ariz,
ona.
James Redfern of Pueblo, Colo., Is visiting
with Tax Collector A. J. Bell.
Mr. and Mrs. Beaman and two sons, of Bea
man. lowa, are visiting with Frank S. Bea
man.
Mr. and Mrs. C. S. Hall attended the funeral
of Judge E. B. Hall In Santa Barbara last
week.
WatsonvMle.
Mrs. C. C. Morey (nee Malcom) of Sonora la
visiting relatives here.
George R. Short was over from San Jose thl»
week.
Hiss Sarah Cox was visiting San Francisco
friends this week.
Rev. Seraphine Lamps Is visiting In Arizona.
Mr. and Mrs. James Reed, who have been
visiting relatives here, returned to Alaska this
week.
Mies Alberta Cox Is attending a San Fran
cisco business college.
Luther and W. L. Rodeers were over from
Salinas on Monday.
Mayor Chalmers left this week for Sisklyou
County to Inspect his mining Interests there.
Miss Mollie Colehower, who has been her«
from Tacoma the past week visiting her par
ents, has left for a business trip to New York
Miss Lena Kaltenbrunn has returned from a
visit to her sister In Oakland.
E. R. Clute waa here from San Francisco on
a hus'.r.pss trip Wednesday.
Among the many Pajaroltes ■who attended
the Jubilee celebration were: Mr. and Mrs. J.
A. Baxter. Mr. and Mrs. T. Snodgrasa, Mrs.
J. A. Llnscott. Dr. W. D. Rodners, Oscar
Buffb. R. P Quinn, Colonel J. A. Koster, P. J~
Frelemuth and Lawrenoe Struve. "
Woodland
Mr. and m™. Charles Gardner of San Fran
cisco were guests of Woodland relatives this
week.
tX G. Exley and wife ara visiting; In Stock
ton.
P. O. Bean and wife have returned from
San Francisco.
Mi.-s Blanche Griffin has returned from ft
short visit in Berkeley.
Edward Younger and Mrs. A. Younger of
San Jose are the guests of Woodland friends.
Emll Keelenberg and James C. Harlan at
tended the Jubilee celebration.
A- party consisting of Oscar Zimmerman,
August Kelgel. J. W. Barnes, Will Zlmmer*
man. Will Van .Zee. Robert Hogeboom and
Charles Johnston left Wednesday for Klon
dike.
Vera Joslyn after- a visit with her parents
left for Spokane Wednesday.
A. M. Rrltt and wife, R. Alge and wtfa
have returned from Pan Francisco.
H. Dlnzler and Ous Mossmayer have re
turned from San Francisco.
Charles Green has returned from Wlllowo.
R. L. Simpsnn, a San Francisco lawyer,
was In Woodland this week.
Winters.
C. J. Parrnenter went to Mern*<3 Tuesday,
Mia Priscilla Hall has returned from Stock-,
ton. where she has been visiting for the paat
three months.
Mrs. A. Lincoln of Davlsville is visttlna
friends here this week.
Miss Rhoda Schwartz of Placer County and
August Fredericks of Sacramento have been
visiting relatives in Winters and Woodland,
this week.
Miss Lena Bryce returned Monday from a
visit to Sacramento.
Misses Myrtle and Lou Guthrie went to Baa
Francisco Sunday last.
Mr. and Mrs. L. A. Danner, Mr. and Mrs.
H. C. Settle. Mr. and Mrs. Greenstreet, Miss
Myrtle Cooper and L. T. Ktlnson were among
those who attended the Golden Jubilee.
J. B. Ruggles was called to Hantord Sunday
by the illness of his mother.
Astoria.
The Chrysanthemum Club ball, given Friday
night, was one of the successful social funo
tlons of the season. The elite were out In full
force.
The friends of Mr. and Mrs. John Mathew»%"
gave them a very enjoyable surprise party Sat
urday evening, and the festivities were con
tinued into the wee sma' hours.
General Agent Lounsberry of the O. R. Jfe N.
Co., and wife, entertained the members of the
Friday Night Whist Club on China New Years
with a Chinese card party and supper. All
the costumes, decorations and supper were Chi
nese.
N. B. Whittier. Chester Deering. J. H.
Young, S. S. Lltchfleld, Ad Elsenbach, F.
Steinhard of San Francisco were visitors in tha
city during the week.
Edward Heald has Just returned from a visit
to California.
Joseph Hooh has gone to San Francisco and
before returning will visit some of the health
springs of California in the hope of benefiting
his condition.
H. A. Seahorg lias returned from the East.
Mr. S. Klmore. the well-known cannery man,
is East, ar.d will represent Oregon at the In
dianapolis monetary convention.
J^leW j^lexico.
Calvin Whiting has returned from a tea
days' trip to Northern Texas.
H. S. Ltthgow has been laid up for a week
or more with a severe attack of rheumatism.
Dr. HiUiard anJ wife have gone to Ala
bama and propose to make their home in that
State hereafter.
Mrs Henry Giegolt and her niece. Miss Mc-
Pherxon. have gone on a visit to friends in
Newton. Kans.
A. J. Papen of Las Cruees has returned
from an extended trip through the northern
part of the Territory.
James McDonald of Lincoln County has
gone to Denver, expecting to be away from
home for a month.
J. S. Reynolds, after a week's visit in Al
buquerque, has returned to hia home In Las
Vegas.
Colonel W. S. Williams of Socorro has re
turned from a trip to Santa Fe.
Ex-Governor L Bradford, Prince of Santa
Fe and J J. Leeson of Socorro have gone to
Omaha. They are commissioners from New
Mexico to the exposition and will be in Oma
ha most of the time for the next six months.
Wiley M. Weaver has returned to his horns
in Gallup from a trip to Colorado.
J. J. Votaw. who was quite seriously In
jured In the Santa Fe Pacific tunnel near Ash
Fork Ik now at his home in AlbuGueraOe anri_«
Is rapidly recovering. *•
The ladies of the Public Library gave an
other entertainment for the benefit of their
popular institution on Friday oveninc th»
2Sth. and realized quite a handsome sum'
. D o.r- H « bart ° f Grant County has returned
to Silver city from a two weeks' sojourn t»
Santa Fe.
Professor Hodgin entertained the faculty of
the university with a "professional tea" at
las residence oa Thursday evening.SANTA MONICA
THE IDEAL SUMMER RESORT
FROM Lob Angeles to the sea, the
most direct route leads to Santa
Monica, and at the rapid rate the
larger city is growing westward,
the two places will soon clasp
hands. ,',"\; ■'■■
What coney Island is to New York,
Santa Monica is to Los Angeles— the
natural place of resort that Its people can
reach, with -little effort and at small cost,
and having reached, can find adequate
provision for their enjoyment in almost
every variety conceived by man.
A finer building site for a town could
not be imagined. "With enough grade. to
make storm drainage easy and complete,
the land slopes to its terminating point—
the edge of the bluff a hundred feet above
the sea. • .
Looking from the bluff the view is su
perb. In the north .he foothills— the
Santa Lucia range — make an effective
background, gradually sloping into Point
Duma, -which constitutes the northwest
ern boundary of the bay. '"..{'
On the other hand, the beautiful curve
ends in Point Vincent. To the west of
Point Vincent lies Catalina Island, usual
ly clear and distinct. Occasionally, how
ever, the sea mist or haze or setting sun,
and possibly a combination of these
causes, bring about a transformation and
you seem to see a castle with rampart
and turrets.
On exceptionally clear days glimpses
ran be had of Santa Barbara Island,
sixty miles away.
The rtrst sale of lots in Santa Monica
was made in 1875, and while the city's
growth has always been steady, the past
few years has seen material progress.
Now the population numbers sr,no i which
in the summer season increases 1
or 10.000.
In 1886 the Arcadie Hotel was built, and
since that time, several hotels of smaller
size, wiih numerous handsome boarding
houses, have asked their share of public
patronage, sure of being: filled during the
summer, and. besides this, Santa Mon
ica has her friends among the Eastern
tourists, and increasing numbers of them
are coming every year to spend the winter
here, where they can write back to their
snowbound friends startling reports of
gathering flowers, eating strawberries,
and bathing daily in the Pacific Ocean.
The temperature of our bay varies scarce
ly ten degrees during the year and bath
ing in the surf is a popular diversion
every month in the year.
The Arcadie Hotel has its own bath
house and pavilion, while North Beach
has its magnificent new bathhouse, equip
ped with all modern conveniences, its
r> unge being 50 by 160 feet in size, with
all necessary adjuncts for athletic ac-
2 uat i™ s Ports. This bathhouse can care
for 9000 patrons a day. and during the
summer months is often taxed to its ut
most capacity.
Our city government is vested in a
Board of Trustees, which now consists of
Messrs. Norman A. Roth, Robert C. Gil-
ll ;», JJ SS h X Ca m ° and M. S. Hostctter,
with Robert F. Jones as president.
Jne city has been bonded for and -work
commenced on an elaborate sewer svs
nwn 1 t0 . C0 J st , f °. rty v thousand dollars ($40,
r2?r«i ti l ls , doub «« a town In Oali
mn«i 'r v s !? e of thls > can snow the
£1 . x* broad cement sidewalks, that
Santa Monica points to with pride.
thZ nn rr u U Y de , corporation at present owns
the electric light system that lights our
. S23?SiSS furnlshes an ele "ric fire
Our fire company is well equipped and
- °< ur water . supply is developed from
springs in the mountain canyons, piped
into reservoirs holding a million gallons
the town m thCre «**">"** through
The site on which Santa Monica stands
is a portion of the San Vicente ranch
three-nuarters of which is owned by Sen
\fri a P -/ On , es and one-quarter by
Mrs. Arcadia de Baker. The ranch com
prises 32,000 acres, of which some eighth
ten thousand is tillable. This land is
rented and farmed mostly to barley, the
fcchee brothers having: 1750 acres und"r
cultivation. They have had wide ex
fhl lo^h '? nd cm P h atically declare that
mX d/£ not excel^ d in the State, as
high as thirty-two centals of barley to'
the acre having been raised, while the
a\ erage is from eighteen to twenty. . The
many beautiful canyons in the foothills
make charming places to drive, and ob-
J »fvo lv r e olnt % tor ioU y picnics, and giant
me oak and sycamore trees, with the
TasT a 5, a lUa - make them most picturesque.
nr«V aily n nS , have th « " Poetical use
tm iI X ell> for amo "S them are scat
well d ,Lw 22 H n or , m . ore bee farra s. whose
ho'ney^nVar l63 Pr " du^ tons of
IrtWnWof^p^SVWty l^
finds ready sale, and is especially in de
maiM in Eastern markets.
In Rustic Canyon is situated the Stats
Forestry Station, on land donated to the
State by Messrs. Jones and Baker On -
account of the excellent climatic' condi
tions many valuable experiments are be
ing carried on under the experienced di
rection of J. H. Barber, in charge
under direction of the State University.
Trees, plants and seeds are experimented
with .and grown for distribution, and
much valuable data relative to the flora
of the State recorded. ••
The many, pretty cottage homes are a
prominent feature of Southern California
and especially -so of Santa Monica. In a
climate where seven-tenths (or more) of
the days can be more pleasantly enjoyed
out of doors than in, excessive house
room is only additional needless care..
And the outsid«B and grounds of these
homes can be made so charming, for in
spite of the salt sea breezes all plant life
grows luxuriantly here, some of the moro
dolicate flowers especially. ■.
Fuchsias attain a wonderful growth and
on« Third-street cottage bears upon its
front a sturdy vine that clambers even
to the roof. it spreads over the entire
front of , the cottage, swings its winsome
bells in at the window* and .it its 1 ;.->s
soming time Is worth a Journey to see.
Then consider a hedge 300 feet long of
calla lilies, and that has b«eo One Ol
Santa Monica's attractions; while roses,
roses, roses everywhere ;tr. In every
body's garden. When, in many of the In
land towns. Jack Frost has nipped all the
flower*, Santa Monica— protected by the
ocean, warmed by the gulf current.
make a floral display to be proud of.
Heliotrope, that most delicate "f Bow
ers, is in blossom ;u all times of y<-ar, and
now— the middle of January— is especially
beautiful. One bush particularly, that
we can show, is ten feet high and rilled
with bloom.
While no specialty Is. made of fruit it
grows well. Oranges attain good size and
are of One Savor. The few lemon or
chards that \v» n- planted almost as an
experiment sin- successful beyond the
most sanguine hopes '■:" the owners. Ba
nanas are grown here, more as a pleas
ing experiment, however, than any value
atached to it. And small fruits are won
derfully prolific.
The summer season brings an Influx of
visitors from all over this State, with a
large contingent from Arizona and New
Mexico, and then the days are scarcely
lons enough for the gayetles planned.
Besides the usual routine i>f bathing,
dancinpr. driving and other everyday di
vers:..- » the rummer brings a regular
programme of ■ports, chief and usually
firs; among them comes the annual tennis
tournament, which always bring* a crowd
of Its devotees and arouses mu< h local
and enthusiasm, for Santa Monica
has always produced a champion or two
to uphold her honor in this popular grume.
Lately golf has claimed a share of pop
ular favor, and extensive links have been
laid out and an enthusiastic club formed.
' >r,i- of the very few polo clubs in Cali
fornia has its headquarters here and
tliT-o'ich the season meets In most excit
ing combat. Occasionally a horse and
rider go down with a crash, sometlm •<
\<-r. but the plucky players d
to mind it much, and as nothing
us than a broken bone or two
baa ever resulted, it has not dampened
their ardor in the game.
In September comes the annual hor?*
given by the Polo Club, which ar.>
always largely attended. All through
the season are given open air con
usually twice each week by some •
ent brass band engaged by the different
interests. On the edge of the bluff a band
stand and seats lkTe provided, and this
proves an attraction to manr
i-rom the band stand north, for three
blocks, along the bluff, the eitv is layli c
out a park. Here is a pleasant walk un-
der the large trees, while alternating fan
and date palms align Queen avenue.
Beds of flowers and of curious cacti have
been planted. l .
Three railroads have their terminus
here, the Santa Fe, Southern Pacific and
the Pasadena and Pacific ■ Electric • line.
Through the summer months cars arrive
and depart every fifteen minutes, and are
crowded to the utmost capacity. This
winter the open air concerts have been
continued and prove a drawing 1 card on
every pleasant Sunday.
Probably the most notable feature at.
Santa Monica is the mammoth wharf
called Port Los Angeles, built 'by the
Southern Pacific Railroad at. a cost of a
million dollars. It was finished in 1893,
and Is 4720 feet long. The approach is
3120 feet long by 20 feet wide. The main
part of the wharf is tin feet long and 130
feet wide at the end. On the north side
are coal bunkers 81G feet long, M feet
high and 36 feet wide, with a capacity of
12,000 tons. It Is divided into four de
partments With 67 chutes. At the end of
the bunkers is the engine room and power
house containing .the necessary powerful
machinery. Opposite the bunkers are the
depot and restaurant. At all times the
wharf is a busy, interesting place, and
when some of the many foreign ships that
touch there are in port it is doubly so.
Along one side of the wharf a footpath is
partitioned off, and here the uisciples of
Izaals .Walton congregate with hook and
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 30, 1898
SCENES IN AND AROUND SANTA MONICA.
line of all kinds and patents nnri „«
drought affects the fish cYop IS ' nd no
Genial John Bassett of the Southern
Pacific road can catch more flsh and ?el,
more stories than any other man who
throws aline from the wharf, 2SS^l^2ff
ways ready to dispense information
The churches of Santa Monica *ar« fr.
the most nourishing condition The Metho
dist Episcopal, Presbyterian. Catholic
B^^^e a '^o^% h Sffi
fr^a^e^fS/^^^-^
thes« religious bodies have pood attend
ance and earnest work to advance ?he
cause. The Salvation Army also has a
band of earnest workers In the- field The
Methodist Society here publishes a paper
the Church Bulletin, weekly. p '
Our public schools rate with the best
under the efficient care of Principal N. p'
Smith and a corps- of sixteen teaeh*»r«"
The new school building now in process
of construction is contracted to be
finished the ISth of March. It has eleven
large rooms and a commodious assembly
ball. 45x70 feet. «.he contract price for
the building, which is of frame and brick
the site and furnishing, Is $17,500 At
present there are &08 pupils enrolled
The Santa Monica Free Circulating Li
brary occupies four large, cheerful rooms
In tho Santa Monica Bank buildins. and
contains nearly MM volumes. As an evi
dence of its prosperity, during one month
it Ism;.-,! imc volumes. Its reading-rooms
:ir<- lupplled wit:, tho leading magazines
and papers, and are highly appreciated by
ients.
I.i Monica prides herself on the fact
thai she supports two daily newspapers,
i.i. h of which publishes a weekly edition.
The Outlook has been ■ stanch advocate
; I the town since October 13. 1875, while
the Signal is a later arrival in the jour
tic Held.
Santa Monira should be called the City
of Brotherly Love, and the assertion
would be borne out by the number of ge
tcieties. [f there an any that are not
represented lure they should send organ-
Into the ii>-id. The various lodges
each have a nourishing membership mil.
Each has its social diversions a^ wvii as
ita business side. Each looks after the
well b»-)ng of its brother members and
adds its quota to the comfort and happi
ness of ih.' community.
Of national interest is the Home for
iled Voiunt -.r Boldii rs, located at
Monica, or. to be more ■
miles out of Santa Monica, and
r the foothills.
The grounds contain raj acres of the
besi land in the county. Even a casual
Inspection will bear out the truth of this
seemingly rash assertion.
buildings arc many and spacious,
yet inadequate to the needs, for many of
them are overcrowded, oven to th" attic
rooms. The present number enrolled is
There are eight of the large barracks
and numerous othf-r buildings. Including
the hospital and annex, the administra
tion building, the new assembly hall and
library, the laundry and engine-house
and others, besides the residences of
the governor of the home and other of
ficials.
Governor Andrew J. Smith is in charge
of this branch of the National Home, and
he has the intensr of his charges at
heart. Many innovations hav<> been in
troduced fur their welfare. His adminis
trative capability is working needed re
forms.
of necessity the hospital is a center of
Interest, for with the increasing age and
Infirmities of the home numbers, it is
only a Question of a short time when
thi- \vhole institution must come un
der this department. N*.)\v there are
lit-nts in the hospital and annex.
With fl» more for daily- treatment, and
more lof-m must be afforded. Dr. Hasse
is surgeon-ln-charge, with a force of
three asslstani physicians, twenty-seven
male rim', six female nurses.
AtnoiiK th« hospital inmates are a num
most Interesting cases. One. Jack
Turkington. a Maine man. is the oldest
man enrolled here. He is ;'7 y^ars old.
Another man is totally blind, and
yei to him is intrusted the delicate opera
tion of sharpening surgical Instruments,
for his sense of touch is marvelous.
Governor Smith has also instituted ac
ceptable changes in the burial services,
which are conducted with full military
honors.
The roll of members shows 14 survivors
of the war of ISI2. and 119 of the Mexican
wax, the balance from the Civil war.
The new Shaw memorial hall is nearly
completed, which contains an auditorium
to seat MX), with convenient stage ad
juncts. All entertainments are to be free
to the members of the Home.
The headquarters building contains the
offices of the Governor; also of the Treas
urer, Major F. K. L'pham, and the Quar
termaster. Captain E. J. Rising.
The library contains 192« volumes and
many magazines and newspapers. The
supply, however, is not equal to the de
mand, for there are many readers among
the Home members. The percentage of
illiteracy is very small. The Home has
two chaplains, the Rev. J. M. Merlin
jones. Episcopal, and Father Hawe,
Catholic. Besides, tho other denomina
tions hold services. All are very well at
tended.
The grounds are laid out in artistic
form, witli broad walks and drive ways.,
Much handsome shrubbery is growing.
The new water supply is contracted to
furnish ivxt.ftfo gallons per day. ,•
Visitors are at all times welcome and
•very courtesy is extended to them.
Particularly interesting is the garden,
where is grown nearly the whole vege
table'produce consumed. Last year 97.00")
pounds of onions were used. This one
item may give some idea of the extent
of the agricultural part of this work.
Small fruits and berries have been ex
tensively planted, and lemons, oranges
and figs in plenty are in bearing.
Thirty-two cows supply the necessary
milk, and the supply of pork is also
raised on the grounds.
The engine-room contains machinery
of enormous power, which performs nu
merous duties, among them being the
steam-cooking system that is used in alt
the kitchens, also the electric light plant
and the power used in the manufacture
of ice.
An excellent brass band gives a con
cert every afternoon, and plays at other
stated times. Everything possible, neces
sary to the comfort and happiness of
these men, who so bravely went to their
country's aid, is done. It is a small trib-
ute. gladly given by the United States, to
its defenders.
To the south, four miles away, lies Bal
lona Lake. With its marsh lands, it cov
ers about 1200 acres. It is a source of de
light to local sportsmen, for here, in sea
son, ciimt' ducks in countless numbers,
teal, widgeon, sprig, mallard, gadwell,
redhead and the famous canvasback.
while wild geese and brant are sometimes
to be had.
All the available land has been leased
by the gun clubs, of which there ar^
three with headquarters in thrs vicinity,
the Santa Monica and the Alta, both
composed of Santa Monica men. while
the Recreation Club numbers most of its
roll from Los Angeles hunters.
Each club has its own clubhouse, boats
and necessary belongings, and the Re
creation clubhouse Is the most elabo
ratelj equipped of any in the State. It
has its billiard parlors, library and read
ing-room, its kennels and everything
mat can add to the comfort or pleasure
of it* members.
Although ;i part of Santa Monica, the
south side has its own especial interests,
nmi deserves a separate mention. The
growth here has been remarkable. The
sound of the hammer and saw Is con
stantly in the air. It has its own stores
and markets, schoolhouses and churches,
also its; own water supply. The Santa Fe
Railmad has erected a pleasure wharf at
its terminus, and a second one will be
built this spring along with the outfall
sewer.
The south side generously allows camp
ers the^ privilege of its water front, and.
through the summer months a city of
small cottages and tents fringes the wa
ter's edge.
The south side has its Nob Hill, where
its choice residence location is. A trifle
farther out are rolling fields, where, in
their season, great quantities of Cali
fornia golden poppies and dainty anemo
nes grow.
The south side. too. is the dwelling
place of Santa Monica's oldest citizen.
I nele Daniel Turner, more than 100 years
old. and whose energy and health are
the best possible recommendation of our
wonderful climate. L. E. ALLEN
FEATHERS OF GREAT PRICE.
Many curious things go through th»
appraisers' stores, and some of the
most interesting through the fifth
division, where millinery goods are
examined and appraised. All sorts of
birds and feathers are examined by
this division. Within a few days sev
eral large boxes were examined, each
containing something like 500 stuffed
paroquets. A box was opened this
week in which it was estimated there
were nearly 3000 Japanese swallows.
These little birds are caught by the
Japanese in immense numbers by
means of nets. Their plumage is very
plain, but their wings, which are ex
traordinarily long, make them especi
ally valuable to milliners. The birds
when imported are rudely stuffed with
cotton, and each one is made up into
a little roll about the size and shape of
an ordinary cigar. Before being used
they are twisted into various shapes
and dyed, the wings spread and new
feathers added, and they are made
into gay and fancy birds.
The most valuable kind of feather
goods that passes through the ap
praisers' hands Is undoubtedly the
aigrette. This feather is worth more
than its weight in gold. The aigrette
is obtained from a bird called the
egret, found in China, Japan, Egypt
and South America, and sometimes in
Florida. Some of these feathers come
directly from South America, where,
along the upper waters of the Amazon,
the Indians shoot the birds with blow
tubes and small arrows. But Paris is
the market of the world for aigrettes.
just as London is for ostrich plumes,
and the greatest part of the imports
come directly from the French capital.
Within the past two months aigrettes
to the value of $30,000 have been im
ported.
There are two varieties of the
aigrette, the long and the short, and
their value is in inverse proportion to
their size. The short variety, which is
obtained from a smaller bird. Is ex
tremely delicate and fine, and is worth
from $22 to $25 an ounce. Only a few
feathers on each bird are valuable,
and It is estimated that fifty or sixty
birds would have to be killed to obtain
an ounce of the shorter aigrette. t The
long aigrette is worth not much more
than half as much.
These feathers are looked after as
carefully by the appraisers as are
precious stones. They are imported in
soldered tin boxes, and are locked up
and guarded until they are examined.
They are invoiced in the Brazilian
unit of value, reis, which is very small,
so that figures giving the values of the
imports are often startlingly large.
One importation of these feathers was
recently invoiced to the value of
5,283,600 reis, an amout which in
American gold is equal to about $100.—
New York Mail and Expresa.
Since the institution of cotton mills
at Shanghai the wheelbarrow has
been extensively used as a passenger
vehicle, especially for carrying work
women to and from the mills. One
man can wheel six women for a dis
tance of about three miles, morning
and evening, the charge being Is 5d
per month. The average earnings of a
wheelbarrow-man are about S^d per
day. About 4000 licenses are issued
monthly to the same number of wheel
barrows plying for hire in the street*
of the foreign settlements at Shang
hai, where, being under the municipal
regulations, they are. perhaps, the best
in China. Sometimes as many as fifty
barrows may be seen in the streets,
traveling one behind the other, each
carrying two barrels of English Port
land cement and pushed by one man.
Very frequent! y a load is carried on one
side of the barrow only, and it is ex
traordinary to see a Chinaman skill
fully balancing and propelling it. The
upsets and accidents are remarkably
few, when it is considered that about
4000 of these vehicles are in use in the
streets, in addition to a large traffic of
other kinds.
2930
TEACHERS AND SCHOOLS
OF
CALIFORNIA
AT last the day has arrived in
San Francisco when the idea
that the study of cooking and
sewing is as important and
should be placed on an equality
with all the other branches of
■work in cur public schools is
steadily gaining ground. Let us hope
that it will spread throughout the
State. To be sure, we have as yet only
eight schools in the city where these
two branches of study are included in
the regular course, but it may be safe
ly prophesied that at the beginning of
the new school year many of th^ other
grammar pchonls will have fallen into
line.
Some of the principals are inclined to
pooh-pooh the scheme, asserting that
the girls should learn such domestic
arts at home; but how are they to be
taught when the mothers, especially
among the poorer classes, have little
or no time to impart systematic train-
MISS LOTTIE YOUNKER of the Franklin School Cooking Cbss Equipped
for Work.
ing, even if in many respects they are
not woefully ignorant themselves?
There are no children in our schools,
no matter what their social position or
future circumstances, who will regret
their cultivation of these most useful
branches. The placing <>f these sub
jects in the school course is a distinct
&d vantage, since it tends to elevate
them in the eyes of the children, and
rio away with a certain amount <>f
disgrace which is often attached to
them by the latter.
Some five years ago Mr. Kennedy,
•who was then principal, with the
board's consent engaged Miss Kate
WhitaJcer of Oakland to take charge of
a cooking class in the Franklin School
as an experiment. The work was so
puccessful that the matter was laid be
FRATERNAL NEWS
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR. | enjoyable affair— one that will long be re-
On last Wednesday Past Associate : rnernbered with pleasure by thoae who
Grand Matron Carrie Augusta Kingsley were' the guests of the Stockton commit
of Vesper Chapter, located at Red Bluff, : tee. The San Franciscans were joined by
Tehama County, was married to J. G. representatives of the Sacramento and
.Gehrig of Janesville, Lassen County, at ■ Sa « Jose committees. While in the city
the residence of Mrs. H. M. Walker of named the visitors were entertained with
this city. The bride was the recipient of : that hospitality for which the Odd F.-l
congratulations during the week. I°™» of Stockton are noted, and they
The meetlne of Ivy Council list Tup* were shown all points of interest, in
ine, meeting or i\y council last Tues- l u(]im, th( . asylum for the insane. The
day night was a very enjoyable one. j visitors from this city returned by boat,
There were two candidates initiated, one and when the vessel started down the
application was received, and, the work river it was discovered that S. Regens
was performed in the presence of a large : burger, one of the committee, was miss
rnmber of visits including c Gran dd McCM eC 8£ se V nVt h o%lle S Ca O^n tU Onfl^,fcem^KO n f l^,fce m^K
retary Mrs. Kate B. WiUatt. Grand Mar-. rop i y was , » He i^ sate , Not in the In-
Bhal Mrs. Cora V. McKeag, Grand Esther sane asylum."
Mrs. (5. W. 11. Patterson, Mr. and Mrs. The members of the lodge at Ilealds-
Strode and Francis Xavier Le Bonte, of burg recently visited by Harbor View
Welcome Chapter, Shasta; Mrs. Kate S. Lodge of East Oakland paid a return
Craig, from Clear Lake Chapter of Lake- visit last night, and were most hospitably,
"port; Mrs. Agnes M. Morgans of Angels entertained. ;
Chapter, of Angels Camp; Mrs. Glenden- i *amsworth Lodge had a most enjoyable
ning and James Camp of Evening Star tln i ft last "Wednesday at a smoker given
Chapter of Etna, Siskiyou County, and un(ltr its auspices, when there was a line
Mrs. Clara Amanda Fisher of Pasadena PEj£ raj 2. lne of Sl '"S- music aml literature.
Chapter. After the work of the chapter I , The ofllcers of Sunset Encampment were
was over all present were invited to re- impressively installed last week. A ban
pair to the banquet room, where there I* 1 VIS* -™d a most enjoyable time followed,
were covers set for 150. and each chair L,^f, m Si? r Lod 3 Be ****■ week received two
was occupied. There a pleasant hour was ' a ,V p i}S at ! ons - s «». ancisco «; Lodge . to
spent. This chapter will give a party In |S2rtSs- t TSui c Sff^f v " at itS last 4 h « ld
Golden Gate Hall on the evening of the ™ e _ e t U "^/J2* wlll have two more at the
' 22d of February, . n The^ubor&nate lodges will give a grand
■"■/. :'i THE ODD FELLOWS. entertainment in Odd Fellows' Hall on
The visit of the general relief commit- the of February. ot San Pablo Lodge
The visit of the general relief commit- , Among the officers of San Pablo Lodge
tee- to -Stockton last week was a most j at Vallejo recently installed by District
fore the Board of Education with the
result that Miss Whitaker was later
retained as a regular teacher of cook
ing, which was first introduced into the
course Of th<- Normal School. Three
yean ago Miss Paxton was also ap
pointed a cooking teacher and a little
lat< r Miss I.iilit- Toomy. The work in
the eight grammar schools is at proa
ent divided among the two latter ladies
and M^s CJojrle, who received her ap
pointment some four months a^". Mins
Toomy. who has attended Pratt Ins*ii
tute and taken a course in chemistry
at the Lowell High School, is placed in
charge of the cooking classes of the
seventh and eighth grade pupils in the
Broadway and Hancock grammar
schools, and in the Adams Cosmopoli
tan. Miss Paxton teaches cooking in
the Franklin, Rincon and John Swett
grammar schools, while Miss Coyle has
charge of the work in the Denman aVid
Clement. Altogether there are about
1015 girls in the combined classes of the
eight schools. At present there are
only fiv^ cooking outfit's, which necessi
tates considerable "doubling up" of
classes. It is to be hoped that in the
near future the number of class rooms
especially fitted up for teaching cook
ing will be materially increased. The
"work of the seventh grades generally
averages two hours a week, and that of
the eighth from an hour to an hour
and a half a week.
Miss Tocmy is an excellent teacher
and creates in her pupils an intense mi
i :. st in their work. At th? beginning
of the course the children were given
short talk- on the composition ol foods,
their v.lue and practical use in plain
cooking. The blackboards are covered
with charts aid tables for ir«*m*ra: ref
erence, such as time =>nd teint-Vrature
for oak':!/, boiling;, broiling, -tc. For
recipes Mrs. Lincoln's cookbook is
largely used. •
After a general talk on foods, the
subjects of fuels and five or six of the
most important elements were dis
cussed. Then followed in turn simple
lessons on preparing and cooking pota
toes, vegetables, cereaN pud
dings, beverages, meats: lessons in
baking, broiling, preparing fisti and
using up "left overs."
In the Hancock School a number of
the gas fixtures were furnished free
by one company, and the flour, spices,
etc are kindly contributed by certain
grocery firms.
The majority of children in the cook
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 30, 1898.
ing: class of this school are of foreign
parentage, and their superstitions and
ideas on cooking in general are often
amusing. Their teacher was solemnly
informed that fish kept in the moon
light would spoil, and this she found
to be really true. The children also de
clare that the eating of fish makes
brains. When asked what to do to save
the "eyes while peeling onions seven or
eight voices piped up: 'Hold a pin in
your mouth:" one little girl timidly
asked if "consecrated" milk was to be
used in a certain soup: while another,
who had been instructed to write a
short composition on the advantages
of her own study of cookery, averred
that it had been of great benefit, be
cause it enabled her to help her mother
cook her father's "vitals" every day.
"When asked what people were noted for
their use of oats, a third child, who
probably lived in front of a sign
covered fence, replied, "The Quakers!-"
In the Franklin School, where Miss
Paxton, a graduate of the Philadel
phia Cooking School, of which Miss
Rorer is president, proves such a cap
able and interesting teacher, being
thorough mistress of every department
of her work, the following sentiments
hang framed on the wall:
"What Does Cooking Mean?"
"It means the knowledge of Medea
and Circe, of Calypso and of Helen,
and of Rebekah and the Queen of
Sheba.
"It means the knowledge of all herbs
and fruits, and balms and spices, and
of all that is healing and sweet in the
fields and groves and savory in meats.
■It means Inventiveness and willing
ness, and watchfulness, and readiness
of appliance: it means the economy of
your grandmothers and the science of
modern chemists. It means much tast
ing and no wasting.
"It means English thoroughness,
French art and Arabian hospitality;
and in fine it means that you are to be
perfectly and always ladles' loaf
givers, and you are i.> see that every
one has something nice to eat.
"J<»HN KI'SKIX."
Miss Paxton uses Mrs. Rorer's cook
book in her work, which she has so ar
ranged that each child takes part in
turn. Miss Paxton has herself prepared
a typewritten course of study with
rules and recipes attached. During
each lesson one of the latter is copied
in the pupils' notehooks and then dem
onstrated before the class. In review
the scholars without aid demonstrate
some lesson previously learned.
COOKING CLASSES.
CERTAINLY no more interesting
spectacle can be witnessed than
at the Franklin Grammar School
at Eighth and Harrison streets during
the hours for Instruction In <•<«. kin^.
In the whole school there are 12". schol
ars, all girls, in this course. These are
divided into classes of about twenty
five each. All are equipped with
aprons, armlets and holders, and the
elementary classes are regularly drill
ed in the Mes "t th.se attachments.
Step by step the pupil advances, be
ginning with Instruction in the most
elementary principles and the more
simple preparations of food, and end
ing with those more elaborate dishes
in which a good housekeeper delights
t<> display her accomplishments as a
r< M,k. As the staple article or food, in
the ordinary family, is meat, the pupil
is carefully drilled in, first, the selec
ti'in, and afterward, cooking. L«es
sons are Riven in the anatomy of beef
and carefully drawn pictures are dis
played with each part duly labeled and
from this pictorial representation the
pupil learns all that can be imparted
about the different qualities which
each portion of the carcass affords.
The chemical constituents of each
class of the food supply is carefully
impressed into the minds of the pupils,
thus combining the scientific with the
practical. The wholesome onion is
largely composed of sulphur and the
carrot combines Iron in an appreciable
degree, and thus in every other impor
tant article of consumption their in
gredients and effects are learned.
"Eggs should always be cooked at a
low temperature, otherwise they are
indigestible." w;is 'me of the opinions
embraced in the doctrine of the lady
teacher, and eggs happened to be the
Deputy Richardson was one who is prob
ably the youngest man ever installed into
the office of noble grand. it is Clarence
A. Fitzgerald, who was born in Vailejo
March U. 1875, and was initiated into the
lodge within a year. Appointed one of the
supporters, he displayed so much ability
that when the time for nominations came
it was suggested that he be nominated for
the highest office in the lodge, and all
C A. Fitzgerald, the Youngest Noble
Grand.
who were qualified" declined to «=erve. A
dispensation was obtained, and he was
elected. On the night of his installation
he conferred the second degree in a man
subject of demonstration of the lesson.
Eggs boiled, fried, baked, made into
omelets, poached and sauces of eggs.
Each pupil sat at her desk taking down
the clear and concise directions of the
teacher. This done questions were
asked showing how carefuliy this part
of the lesson had been performed. Then
the demonstrations began. The tem
perature of the fire, conditions and
choice of the implements, proportions
of the ingredients, were all ascertained.
Few understand how to break an egg
so as not to mix the yolk with the
white, or how to beat the white into the
snowy mass that is so delightful to eye
and palate. Through every move of
the pupil the injunction "to be clean"
is always and forever dictated. One
learns that a spoonful of sugar and
pepper are entirely different quantities.
Exact directions are followed relative
to the using of the different ingredi
ents, the time in cooking and even to
the manipulation of the mixture and
the proper handling of the spoons and
forks. Each direction is given with ex
actitude and with a positive certainty
that absolute results will surely follow.
The breathless interest with which this
class of girls followed the development
Of each effort was delightful and satis
fying and proved that to learn was not
necessarily drudgery. The lesson was a
success, and every dish turned out as
sightly and appetizing as the youthful
fabricators expected.
The school department is generous In
the supply of all the paraphernalia of
the cooking class. The kitchen at the
Franklin is the highest room in the
building, and is provided with the
latest improvements in ranges, gas
stoves and implements from a stew pan
to an egg beater. Everything is beau
tifully dean and in sharp contrast to
many homes of the poor. To prove how
general among families is the benefit
arising from education in cooking, the
teacher asked a number of pupils to re
late how they applied the instructions
received at school to their home life.
"I boiled the potatoes to-day," said
little Bertha Fleming. Rachael Isaacs,
a pretty miss of 12 years, had made an
omelet and cream potatoes for break
fast. Flora Kan, Alice Sprigel, Lottie
Meyer and a dozen others had each
demonstrated at home their capacity
for sharing with their families their
school accomplishments. Miss Lottie
Townker is admitted by all the class as
the best cook In It.
SEWING CLASSES.
IT was in 1893 that the principal of
the Franklin Grammar School. Mr.
Kennedy, received permission from
the Board Of Education to introduce
sewing into his course as an ex-
periment. Mrs. Kennedy was ap
pointed the first teacher and had 2f>o
children under her charge. Her suc
cess was remarkable. It was Mr. Ken
nttly's Idea to introduce sewing into
the fifth, sixth and seventh grades.
nor that won much prate* His uncle. J.
P. Jeffries, is drill master of the team of
the lodge, and his grandfather. P. E. Jef
fries, Is a past master of the same lodge.
THE REBEKAHS.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge will to-morrow
evening entertain San Francisco Lodge
and .Mission Rebekah Lodge In Welcome
Hall. Odd Fellows' building. ■
Mission Rebekah Lodge is making ar
rangements to entertain the officers of
the assembly of the State of California.
The president of the assembly an
nounces the following visits for the cur
rent week: "Wednesday. Mt. Diablo Lodge
at Concord; Thursday. Madrone Lodge at
St. Helena: Friday. Colfax Lodge at Cal
istoga, and Saturday, Ivy Lodge at Calis
toga.
Mrs. Minnie Kelly, the retiring noble
grand of California Lodge, was last week
surprised at her homo by a number of her
friends, who had, through a committee
of two, induced' her to absent herself
from home for a short while." When she
returned she found the parlors decorated
with flowers and colored lanterns, and
then there was Inaugurated an evening
of music and home amusements until
midnight, when there was an intermis
sion for a. collation. After that dancing
was resumed and kept up until a late
hour. There were present Mr. and Mrs.
Oberdeener, Mr. and Mrs. Simon. Mr.
and Mrs. F. Lester. Mr. and Mrs. Salt
baugh, Misses Sarah Harris, Alace Hall,
Grade V. Lester. Alice Crowley. Mes
dames Marks. Crowlev. L. Cullann. N.
Wagner, and Messrs. Olempy, Rose, Ser
bers, Marks. E. Lester. A. Schultz, F.
Houmtnn, G. Crowlev, W. Keefe and J.
Kelly.
A. O. I". W.
Among the most prominent candidates
for the office of grand recorder of the
Grand Lodge of the Ancient Order <>f
United Workmen t.> succeed D. S. Hirsh
berg is John Hoesch, who has been an
active member of the order for the past
twenty years, and for nineteen years of
that time has been the recorder of Mag
nalia Lodge, one of the largest and
strongest in the State. For a period of
ten yean Mr. Hoesch was a member of
the Grand Lodge iinance committee, and
in familiar with the details of the office.
For eight years lie was the editor of the
fraternal columns of one of the large
dallies, and was editor ond proprietor of
the California Workman, an able ex
ponent of workmanship. Mr. Hoesch is
an old time resident of this State. For
a long lime he was secretary of the
Board of Health, and lately he was tfiian
cial expert for the city. He has good ex
ecutive ability and is "a fluent speaker.
On the ISth inst. Unity, Magnolia, Spar
tan. San Francisco and Park lodges, com
posing District No. 4. held a district me
morial service in the hall of Unity Lodge,
when addresses appropriate to the occa
sion were delivered.
The following officers of Eureka Valley
.substituting cooking in the eighth and
ninth. Finally sewing was also taught
to the very smallest girls, and this plan
hasted for two years. At the end of this
time Mr. Kennedy addressed 300 circu
lars to the parents of the girls, which
read as follows:
"Mrs. : At the beginning of the
school year of 1593 the Board of Educa
tion introduced sewing into the Framk
lln School as an experiment. We would
be pleased to have you express your
opinion of the work accomplished.
"1. Has the introduction of sewing
been an assistance to your daughter in
performance of her domestic duties?
"2. Has the introduction of sewing
proved an important factor in the de
velopment in your daughter of habits
of neatness and order?
"3. Are you in favor of teaching sew
ing in the public schools? If so, why?"
All these questions were unanimously
answered in the affirmative, and "Be
cause she fixes her etothes" was a fair
sample of anspvers to the latter part of
the third question.
Beginning with the use of needle,
thread and thimble the girls were
taught the different stitches, and then
in turn patching, mending, drafting
and cutting of simple garments, and
then the finer stitches, and more elab
orate making of underwear and dresses
in the upper grades. Together with ail
this came lessons on the kinds of
needles to use, how to keep them from
rusting, the quality of material to buy
and the different kinds for different
purposes. When the girls first did
their own shopping cheap and poor
material was palmed off upon them,
but after Mrs. Kennedy's lessons on
the subject such cheating never hap
pened twice.
The result of all this teaching had
a wonderful effect upon the clothes of
the pupils. There was a regular stock
ing clay, dresses were patched, aprons
stripped off and mended, and shoe but
tons appeared as if by magic in the
places they had long forsworn. One
little girl begged permission to brine;
her mother's black dress to school, as
the latter did not know how to mend
an ugly tear, and another child j.p
peared with a lace curtain under ber
SEWING CLASS IN FRANKLIN SCHOOL.
arm.
At the end of the first year the other
class teachers in the school gave (heir
testimony that the sewing seemed a.
recreation and pleasure to their yirls.
Bnd did not tire them nor cause them
to fall behind in their hoik work.
The advantages of this study were
shown, not only during the school life
of the pupils, but afterward, for, al
though the idea of teaching a trade is
entirely foreign to the purpose of the
introduction of sewing into our public
schools, yet it was a fact that with the
foundational principles of sewing and
cutting learned, these gln<; were s> ine
times able to earn at once r;o and 75
cents a day in pome dressmaking, tail
oring or millinery shops, thus avoiding
Lodge were Installed last Thursday night
for the current term: J. Fies. M. W. : .T.
T. Kidd. F.; T. L. Trounin. O. ; C. Flelsh
er. I. W.; D. Meagher. O. W.: J. Baher.
G. There were present visitors from
eight sister lodges, who were guests at
a banquet given by the lodge after the
ceremony. During the evening there was
given a pleasing programme of enter
tainment.
Ti lf > election of representatives to the
Grand Lodge will be h-'ld in all the lodges
on the first mt eilng night In February.
Through the efforts of Special Deputy
Wells Fort Jones Lodge received thirty
five applications tor membership and
Treka Lodge has been making a good
showing.
DEGREE OF HONOR.
Last Thursday Grand Recorder Mrs.
Kate M. Poland Instituted Charity Lodge
x<>. 72 at TUitte city with seventeen char
ier members, and dumlg the week she in
stituted Golden Sheaf Lodge at Willows,
with forty-six charter members. Angels
Star Lodge, with eighteen members, was
Instituted by Special Deputy Thomas Ir
vine and Lodge No, IS was Instituted at
Iktah by Mrs. M. J. Stewart, S. C. of H.,
on last Wednesday.
The officers of Dawn of Hope Lodge
were institute d !asi week by Deputy Mrs.
Eva Cogan, assisted by Mrs. ••;. >\ m >-
orn and Mrs. Sadie Hodges. During the
evening the lodge was address, d by \V.
H. Barnes, P. G. M. V, . ; Mrs. M. J. Stew
art anil C. F. Cecil of Progresso Lodge of
Newman.
NATIVE SONS.
Grand Trustee Byington has announced
the following visits: January 31, Rimona
Parlor: February 1, Corona Parlor;-Feb
ruary 2, Los Angeles; I-Yhruary 7. Red
lands; February 9, San Diego; February
10. Invincible Parlor at Anaheim; "Febru
ary 12, San Bernardino; February If,
Bakersfield. Last Thursday he visited
Fresno parlor; Friday he was at Lemoore,
and Saturday he organized the parlor at
Visa!, being assisted In the work by
Busman Mitchell. This parlor, one of the
oldest in the State, initiated tlfty mem
bers and received a number of applica
tions.
Alcalde Parlor was officially visited by
Grand Second Vice-President Mattison
last Wednesday. The same night that
official and other grand officers, paid a
visit to California Camp of the Argonauts
and witness. the, degrees conferred in
grand style by John Lathers Jr.. D. G. P.
First Grand Vice-President Conley and
several grand officers officially visited
Washington Parlor jat Centcrville ! last
week. After witnessing the work per
formed In a satisfactory manner the visi
tors were taken in charge by -Joe -'D;
Norrls.'G. I. \\\, and they were most
hospitably entertained.
The" visit of Grand Trustee McNoble
George Catts and J. W. Carrick of Stock
ton to Yosemite Council at Merced had
the effect of awakening the . members to
a determination to get out and rustle.
Frank B. Ryan, recording secretary of
"April, 1595.
JAMES KENNEDY, FOUNDER OF THE INDUSTRIAL SCHOOLS.
a long, tedious apprenticeship. Also
among the poorer classes those girls
who became nurses or housemaids eas
ily commanded better wages when their
ability to sew was discovered.
The work in the school soan spread
to other?. In 1895 Mrs. Kennedy left
the Franklin School and her place was
taken by Mrs. McCoy. Mrs. Graef had
meanwhile been appointed a teacher
in sewing, and she is at present in the
Columbia dammar School. In 1896
Mrs. May berry was elected a special
teacher of sewing in the Irving Scott.
Later followed the appointments last
August of Mrs. Zeman to the Rincon
Grammar School, Mrs. Miel to the Hor
ace Mann, and Miss Armer to the
Broadway Grammar.
All these ladies are enthusiastic in
th»» report of the work in their schools,
not only from the standpoint of the pu
pils, hut from that of the parents. In
the Franklin School the fourth, fifth
and sixth grades sew an hour and a
half a week, while the seventh grade
comes once a week for three-quarters
of an hour. In some of the other
schools various grades from the sec
California Parlor for a number of years,
has resigned his office, as he is going to
the Klondike. At its last held meeting
the parlor adopted a series of resolutions
expressive of their regrets at his deter
mination to leave California and express
ing the hope that in the new field he will
become "rich in this world's goods, and
that he will return in the vigor of health
to enjoy a long life of happiness, useful
ness and contentment." Mr. Ryan, who
has been a most active worker in the
order, is the husband of Mrs. Georgie C.
Ryan, secretary of the order of the
Native Daughters.
Bay City Parlor will give an informal
dan< • in Golden Gate Hall on the 11th of
February.
The committee of arrangements having
charge Of the entertainment to be given
in February by Alcalde Parlor is actively
engaged in arranging all the details. The
entertainment will follow the installation
of the officers on that night, and on the
programme to be presented appear the
names of A. Gehret. F. Baumgarten F
n, William Fenstermacher. A
Sleicher and A. Maaaa. Other names wili
be added. There will bo during the even
ing be served a collation and cigars.
William Fonstermacher. the retiring
president of the parlor, has been present
ed a beautiful diamond-se< badge.
The following named have been in
stalled as officers of Bay City Parlor for
the current term: M. Bavanah P P • a
Israelsky, P.; M. E. Llcht, Henry"Ed
warda and F.mil Magner. vice-presidents'
Julius Liebert. ML; Charles Linrieman P
S. ; I. Lindeman, F. S. : E. \V. Levy T •
80l ICagner. Dave Holtab and Sol PeWr'
trustees: H. G. W. Dinkelspiel. hairdi
rector; Sanford Feigenbaum. T. S • J W
Carmany, O. S. ; Dr. M. Regens'burger'
surgeon.
THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
It was a subject of remark at the grand
reception by the Native Daughters on
last Tuesday afternoon and evening, in
Native Sons 1 Hall, in the parlors of which
Miss Minnie Klevesahl of La Estrella
Parlor, the queen of the Jubilee, attired
in her robes of state, received those who
came to pay her court, that only one of
the parlors was distinguishable from the
others by a distinctive badge, and that
was Fremont Parlor, the members of
which wore a neat and artistically ar
ranged small bow of red. white, blue and
orange ribbon. It was pretty and very
attractive.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
Last Tuesday night Golden Gate Coun
cil initiated two candidates and took the
preliminary steps to give an entertain
ment appropriate to the day on the even
ing of the 22d of February. This council
has under consideration" a proposition to
start a reserve fund by setting aside
quarterly a small sum for use in case of
emergency.
THE AMERICAN GUILD.
San Francisco Chapter of the American
Guild, at its meeting in Balboa Hall. N&
ond to the ninth are taken. The rooms
are suitably furnished with low tablea
and chairs, and each child makes her
self a red sewing baj, on which hep
number and initials are etched.
Some of the work done by these pu
pils, most of them under 15 years,' is
remarkable. In the fifth grade they
begin with the making of small gar
ments — either for dolls or small broth
ers and sisters. They learn the differ
ent kinds of seams, how to gather even
ly, to patch, darn tears and the vari
ous methods of catch-stitching, felling,
hemstitching, bias-binding and the like.
Later undergarments are made, sim
ple dresses cut and fitted and a little
embroidery and drawn work taken up.
Along with these lessons the teachers
give talks on the raising ef cotton, the
manufacture of wool, the use of the
spinning jenny, and during the fair
called the children's attention especial
ly to the weaving done there. At the
end of the first year no one repeats the"
mistake of the little girl who said that
Abraham Lincoln invented the cotton
gin, and when the definition of "sel
vage" is asked no one answers a sec
ond time, "It's when you have a whole
lot of nice things and keep 'em all to
yourself."
The expense to the Board of Educa
tion is light. It furnishes needles,
thread, scissors and darners, and per
haps a bolt of cotton on which to
learn. But the rest of the material is
entirely furnished by the pupils them
selves. Flour sacks come in especially
handy, and in one school a hundred
neat little hemstitched handkerchiefs
were made out of some salt sacks. In
most of the schools the sloyd work, or
samp'ers. is disliked by the children,
who wish to make something which can
be used. In the Rincon Grammar and
Horace Mann there arc 4?,0 girls each,
these b£ing the largest classes in sew
ing. In the Irvii^ Scott the girls were
so eager preparing for the exhibit
which took place just at Christmas
time that for three weeks before they
begged for extra time, often arriving
in the early morning- before the teacfter
li^rself. One girl, hitherto noticeably
indolent, was completely change 1 by
her sewing lessons. After she hid com
pleted her first garment she v>'>uhl
come to school at 8 o'clock in order to
.get a few moments in which to sew
before schooltime, as the work is not
allowed to be taken home. When the
parents saw the completed sewing at
the exhibit some could not believe that
it was really the work of their chil
dren. One lady grasped the teacher's
hand and said: "Oh, you are doing
such a splendid work here! Thank you
so much for what you have done for
my daughter;"
This sentiment is re-echoed by pa
rents in all the schools. The doubtful
ones become almi.-st as enthusiastic as
the girls themselves when they see for
themselves the work which their chil
dren have accomplished. Many moth
ers declare that they wish they them
selves might learn to sew as well.
It was Lillie Bjorn < f Bryant street.
a child 11 years, who took the second
}>rize of $15 offered by the recent doll
snow at the Palace Hotel for the best
handmade doll suit by a girl under 15.
Lillie Is a pupil of Mrs. Graef at the
Columbia, where she has been studying
sewing only two years. Her costume
was composed of six pieces of delicate
white lawn, with drawn work, feather
stitching, hemstitched ruffles and lace.
This work took her just a year to com
plete in school.
tive Sons" building, on Wednesday night,
elected one candidate for membership
and initiated three. This chapter is mak
ing arrangements to give a social in the
course of a few weeks for the entertain
ment of its friends.
The chapter in Mill Valley in also ar
ranging for an entertainment to be given
in the near future.
ORDER OF CHOSEN FRIENDS.
The initiatory team will confer the de
gree upon ten candidates for Social Coun
cil in Red Men's Hall on the 4th of Feb
ruary.
The progressive euchre party given la^t
Thursday night by Social Council was
well attended, which proves that these
parties are gaining in fnvor in this coun
cil. The gems' first prize went to F. J.
Locker and tirst ladies' to Mrs. L. B.
Seaby. The first booby prize was se
cured by M. J. Lyon and the ladies' went
to Miss*E. G. Alden.
Pacific Council Is again coming to the'
front as a live council. With the help of
the other officers Councilor Alexander
Nicholson and Instructor Mrs. L. E.
Clark propose to make every Friday
night one Interesting for the members
and visitors from other councils.
Last Thursday night Social Council had
an interesting ny l it looks as if
it were going to make a bold stroke to
pain one of the prizes offered. Eight
candidates were elected, one was Initi
ated, and twenty-one of the members.
present promised to each bring a new
member into the council within the next
thirty days.
IMPROVED ORDER OF RED MEN.
Arapahoe Tribe during the past term
has increased numerically and financially.
and during the jubilee year expects to
make a marked increase in membership.
After the recent raising up of the chiefs'
tii" retiring sachem was presented with
a beautiful emblematic pin.
The reports from White Eagle and
Awasbatee tribes was very gratifying,
each showing gains. White Eagle Tribe
announces a masquerade ball for the 28th
inst.
There has been a raising up of the
chiefs in all of the local tribes, and the
ceremony has been conducted with a
great deal of impreeslveness. The chiets
of Ifontezuma, Oshonee and Arapahoe
trills were raised up by Deputy Berel,
assisted by a staff of great chiefs.
Winnemueea Tribe at its last meeting
had an adoption, and conferred the war
rior's degree on one candidate. The tribe
recently presented a fine badge to P. C.
Gorman, the retiring sachem.
The contest between the adoption teams
of Comanche and Awahnee tribes at Elm
hurst resulted in the award of the prize
(a pair of polished tomahawks) to
Awahnee Tribe.
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
The entertainment which Pioneer Lodge
of the Friends of the Forest had expect
ed to give on the 14th of February' will
i be givea on the 10th of that month."COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bank clearings gain as usual!
Silver a fraction oiT.
Wheat advanced. Barley futures higher.
Oats firm at the advance. Corn and Rye
higher. .■
Rolled Oats and Split Peas marked up.
Hay and Feedstuffs firm. /*-3-
Another advance In Pink Beans. ■
Summer Vegetables in better, supply.
Butter And Eggs advanced again.
Poultry and Game markets choked-
Deciduous Fruits unchanged.
Ralslrts and Dried Fruits dull. . .
• Marked Increase In the Provision trade. -.
Wool, .Hops and Hides unchanged.
Hogs rule weak.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $13,fc92,
255. against $12,185,539 for the same week last'
year. ■•-■.:•-..
EXPLANATION.
The arrow files with the wind. The top fig
ures at station indicate maximum temperature
for the days: those underneath It, If any. the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In inches
and hundredths during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weathe.* and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear or. the Washington coast. | When
the. pressure. is high In the Interior and low
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north
and south alonr the coast, rain 1s probable: 1
but when the "low" is Inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon 's im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result. ________
WEATHER REPORT.
n2oth Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 29. 6 p. m.
The following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season
Kurcka 0 18.68 24.
Red Bluff 0 6.60 14.07
Sacramento 0 6.36 9.rt!
Snn Francisco 0 6.19 12.24
Fresno 0 2. 50 5.30
Pan Luis Oblspo 0 2.86 11.61
Los \n«r'l«s ;. 0 3.77 K.KO
Pan Diego 0.02 ' 3.32 7. 53
Yuma 0 1.26 4. 51
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 54;,
minimum. 39; mean. 46.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure .still continues highest in South
ern Idaho arid Ib lowest in North Dakota. It
has risen decidedly during the past twelve or
twenty-four hours throughout the region west
of the Rocky Mountains. Light rain haa
fallen to-day in Washington an Northern
Oregon and light snow this morning in Utah.
Fair weather continues In California.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, Jan. £0, 1S&S:
Northern California Fair Sunday; light
northwesterly winds.
Southern California — Probably fair Sunday;
fresh northerly wind.
Nevada. I'tah and Arizona— Sunday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity Fair Sunday;
fresh northerly to westerly winds.
Special report fnm Mount Tamalpais. taken
at 5 p. m. Clear; wind northwest, 12 miles per
hour; temperature, 44; maximum. 55.
W. H. RAM-CON.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
XEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 29.— At the opening the
' stock market to-day looked as though the or
ders accumulated by commission houses to sell
and take profits. First sales were very gen
erally at a fraction below last night's prices
and 2000 shares of New York Central thrown
from the market drove the price of that stock
down %. The market steadied almost imme
diately and recovered gradually to above last
night's level, net gains being, however, un
equal. Lake Shore was most conspicuous, ris
ing 6'<» points, 194%, on the reported plan to ex
change $200,000 of New York Central 3 per cent
debenture bonds for $100,000 of Lake Shore
stock. New York Central ultimately tended
strongly upward after wavering somewhat.
There was also some taking of profits on the
advance due to doubts as to how far the stock
would be allowed to benefit from Lake Shore's
■ surplus earnings, which, It was rumored,
would be applied to a sinking fund for the
bonds issued In payment.
Pacific preferred continued to advance on
well defined rumcrs that an additional dividend
. . Is in prospect. D. & R. G. preferred and a
number of less prominent stocks showed no
table gains. These elements of strength served
to sustain the market and to counteract some
of the tendency to sluggishness and heaviness
»T 10 the general line, so that net gains were
achieved in most stocks, though they are
small outside the special cases mentioned.
Quotations from London this morning shuwed
Borne depression In the market for Americans
there, which was attributed to the apprehen
sion awakened In the British mind by yester
day's vote on the Teller resolution.
The week opened with a continued tendency
toward a reaction and the hesitating tone in
the dealings on Monday gave way to very pos
itive weakness upon the announcement that
the Maine had been ordered to Havana. This
sharp decline seemed to clear the speculative
situation by giving the shorts an opportunity
to cover and by shaking out the weaker nar
row margined holdings, who were regarded as
a menace to the success of any movement for
an advance.. The week's statements of rail
road earnings have been, as. a rule, very favor
able, notably Northern Pacific and Pennsyl
vania, published to-day, the latter being re
garded as an especially reliable Index of the
country's railroad business. All of the secu
rities of the Kansas and Texas Company hare
been very strong during the week on the im
proved financial condition shown by reports tor
the year thus Car
The bull operators made use of reports In an
ticipation of the President's 1 peed! on Thurs
day ni£ht and some of Friday' Helling was
due to realizing upon the delivery -of tile
speech. The market's advance was helped
very materially by the large buying for Lon
don account on Tuesday and Wednesday, but
the almost equally heavy selling on the suc
ceeding days from the same source made it
- evident that , the speculation was only for a
.. short turn.
The tone of the money market worked easier,
■ notwithstanding the withdrawal from banks
of the first 10 per cent Installment of the Gov
ernment deposits of Union Pacific payments.
It is evident also that the Increasing abund
ance of the money and ease of rates Ist all
that prevents larger imports of gold, as the
supply of exchange is constantly increasing
and rates for money in London and Uerlin
are again hardening.
With sales of bonds for the week of a par
valuo of over $26,000,000, business In that de
partment of the exchange exceeds all prevlou>
records both for a week anil for a month on
the business thus far In the month.
The extreme gains have been somewhat re
duced by pront-taklnc but prices are , ma
-. terially higher on the week.
%» V. I. old 4s, coupon*, V higher bid; do rejr-
T Istered, and new coupons, % higher, and the ss,
! i higher hid.
Total pales of storks to-day were 201.800
shares. including-: Atchinon preferred, 3010;
J.surllnston. 7J37: Denver ami Rio Grande pre
ferred, 4710; Lake Shore, 3420; Louisville and
Nashville, 24,270; Manhattan. 5120; Missouri
Pacific, 3205; Missouri, Kansas and Texas pre
ferred, 6340; New York Central, W.MB; North
f« r 5,r P: i, cinc> MM; Norther* rncinc prer-rr.-i. :
12,316; Rock Island* 4301; St. Paul, 10,610: South
ern preferred, MM; Union Pacific, MM; Chi
cago Gab, S051; Sugar, MM,
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson . 13 st 1< & Ora 76*.
t, I* 1 ? re L SI i Do "ret ._ 148
Bait * Ohio 13 St PMft M 122
Canada Pac ..... vs.-., So Pacific 20
nntula South .. cCi So Hallway '."i '
<ent ff a c ••• l3Vi Do pref 814
1 . "■" & Ohio 2 i 4 Tex & Pac 117;
Chi &■ Alton 165 Union Fac 344 i
£_ B & Q mi v P n A- r, 9^
Chi & B J1!.;.... 56»i Wabash 7Vi
iCCC it St L.... 36% Do pref DW
| Do pref, ........ i,2 Wheel & L E.... 84
£*}-* Hud...... n2V« Do pref IS',
i Del- L .&,W...... 154 ExpreKs Companies—
Den, &«JtG...... 13^ Adams Ex 160
I .Do pref ,t.- 50% ! American Ex 119
Erle( new} r.-..» rnlted State! ... 41U
•Do Ist pref'.... 3:» Wells Fargo 110
Ft Wayne 170 A Cot Oil UK
«.t Nor pref .... 1334 A Cot Oil i«0
H.xklni' Val .... C*« Do pref 7_H i
IJltnols Cent .... 10S\4 Ami) Spirits .... s% ,
Lake. Erie A W.. -184- Do pref 21
"Do pref ;....... '72V 4 Am Tobacco &S
Lake Shore ..... 193't Do pref 113
Louis & Nash,.../ :*\ Chicago -Gat-.... 97%
Manhattan. L .... ll7\ Conn Gas 191 "1
Met St Hy 14« , Com cab Co .... 175
Mich -Cent ....>. 107-- Coi P * -1r0n....- 34*4 I
Minn & St 1...... 25 Do r>ref 70
j DO Ist pref .... S5 Gen Eleo 36 <
j Mo Pacific ...... T4- B ' Illinois Steel ... 51
Mob & Ohio 30 Laclede Gas .... 44*4 :
Mo JC & T 13»» Lf-ad 85
Do Pref i. 404 1 Do nref 107
Chi Ind & L.... si, Nat Lin Oil .... ML
Do pref 32',, Or Imp Co 27** :
■ N I Cent 94*4! Pacific Mall 31%, !
'Jt T Cent ........ ns»; Pullman Pal .... 17!>
N_Y Chi & St L. 156 ! Silver Cert 56»i
; Do Ist pref .... 75 i Stand R & T.... 4
- Do 2.1 pref .... Sugar ... UM
Nor West 14V Do pref 118^
No Amer Co .... t% T C ft Iron 23
j No Pacinc 17% ;1" s Leather 7
] Do pref i;:-. Do pref 65
! Ontario & \v I7r>, r s Rubber 164 ;
Or R ft Nay 57 ' i; Do pref C 54 i
Or Short Line.... 24- 4 West Union (UU
Plttsburg IK C & .-. W 1234
; Reading 22', Do pref 155 ]
Do Ist pref .... 51 St L& S V 44 i
Rock Island 934 Do prof 10 I
: Pi V «. S F 714 iR a W 2:
Do Ist pref .... 664 Do pref 59
Do 2d pref .... 2G4 ! Chi G W 14H
i St Paul 95% Haw Com C 0.... 304
Do pref 144 « I
CLOSING BONDS.
V S new 4s reg.. 117* IN J C 5s 113
Do coup W \" Carolina 65... 126
D 8 4« 113 j Do 4s 105
Do coup li4»i I No Pat- lsts 1174
Do 2ds 100 Do 3s ....■ 63>i
US 5s reg 113 M Do 4s 96%
Do as coup 114% X V C & St L 4s. 106%
■ District 3 635.... 117\ Nor & W .s 1244
i Ala class A 108 Northwatrn con.. 1444
Do B 108 f Do deb 5s US
Do C 100 '> Nay lsts 115
Do Currency ... 100 O Nay 43 96
i Atchlson 4a 92 OS Line 6s tr.. 127&4
Do ad] 4s CO'i O 8 Line 5s tr.. 99H
Can fo 2ds 14- O ImD lsts tr.... 11l
Chi Term Ss»i Do If tr CS4
C ft Ohio 5s 116 ! Pacific €s of 95.. 103«
C H & D 4K.5.... 114%! Heading 4s M 4
T> ft R G lsts.... 109 jR i» IV lsts ... S4*i
D & R G 4s 944! S L & I M C ss. 90»i
East Term lsts.. 107 IS L & S F G 65.. 117 1
Erie Gen 4s 71 ISt P Con 139H
F W & D lsts tr. 74" 2 St PC & P lsts.. 121
Gen Elec 5s 101 I Do 5s FTSii
G H & S A 65.... 106 ISo Ry 5s B>£
Do 2ds li 4 I Stan R & T 6»... 60 "
H &- TC 5s 110 Term new set 35.. S7
Do con 6s 106 T Pac L G lsts.. 101
lowa C lsts' 100 I Do rsr 2ds 33»,
X P Con tr 9ST4 Union Pao lsts.... 121
; X p Ist d tr.... 119 ;r p d & g lsts.. r^,,
I I.a new cons 45.. '102 ; WaD Ist 5s lOs'4
1 L & N Unl 45.... 76 ' .Do 2ds £2%
: Missouri 6s 100 W-.Shore 4s 10S i
1 M X &-T 2d«.... ««*; Va Centuries .... 71
Do 4s S9U Do deferred ... 3
j N V Cent lsta .. 116% ■
MINING STOCKS.
j Chollar ; , 2 . I Ontario 2 50
i Crown Point 20 Ophlr 50
I Con Cal & Va.... 90 Plymouth OS
j Deadwood 95 , Quicksilver ....... 100
I Gould & Curry... 30 Do pref 250
Hale & Norcrs./ 1 25 Sierra Nevada 60
Homestake 40 00 Standard 140
Iron Silver 40 Union Con 40
Mexican 20 Yellow Jacket :l.~JfllS
BOSTON. .
BOSTON, Jan. 29.— Boston 13H, Bell Tele
phone 266, C, B. & Q. »9 T %. Mexican Central
EH. Oregon Short Line 24V4. B. & M. 18%, B.
j & B. 25%.
THE FINANCIAL SITUATION.
NEW YORK. Jan. 29.— The Financier says:
The statement of the Associated Banks for
j the week ending: January 29, whils It does not
I show the enormous Increases of the previous
j week, indicates that money Is still flowing
heavily to this center. The gain In cash for
j the week was $6.337.10<>, of which nearly $2,500,
j 000 was specie. The latter represents Western
j receipts to a large extent, following Australian
remittances. The Increase In deposits amount
ing to $3,011,400 tied up over $2,000,000 of the
. cash received, so that the surplus reserve Is
i only $4,334,200 heavier than one week ago.
I There is no doubt that the expansion of $2,395,
j OOu in loans reflects legitimate mercantile and
| stock exchange transactions, Instead of special
! operations and the technical manipulations,
| such as have been in evidence since the Union
Pacific sale. The loan Increase 18 scattered
through a larger list of banks than usual. It
is worthy of note that the bank which has
! been most prominent In financing the Union
'■• Pacific deal reduces its loans $4,000,000, follow
■ Ing the retirement of overdue currency sixes
held by the Treasury on its account against
1 deposits. All the special depository banks paid
to the Treasury 10 per cent of their hold
ings last week; otherwise the gain In cash
would have been heavier.
As It is, the deposit items of the banks do
ing the largest business with interior banks
show the highest percentage of gains.
: The future. In view of the continued piling
up of Idle money in New York, appears to fa
vor easier money. It should not be forgotten,
however, that considerable of the surplus cash
In banks belongs to the Treasury, and Is sub
ject to its withdrawal. The commercial de
mands are also heavier, and whereas the loans
of the banks during January. IM7, remained
Stationary, while the surplus reserve Increased
$26,000.0C0, the loans in the same period this
year have expanded 118,000,000, while the ex
cess cash shows a gain of $20,000,000. Thus,
while the supply is in excess of demand, the
latter Is lmmeasureably more pronounced than
at the beginning of last year. It is difficult to
see, however, where the hope of a much firmer
money market this season finds foundation.
If Interest rates go beyond a defined line, gold
imports must follow. The exchange situation
Is now under strong control, but some Inter
esting developments In the way of unseasona
ble international transference might be pos
sible.
■ MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 29.— Close: Money on call
easy, 1% per cent; last loan, 1% per cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 353->i per cent. Ster
ling exchange, steady, with actunl business In
bankers' bills at $4 S4*» for demand and at
!$4 82%®4 $2% for sixty days. Posted rates.
$4 536 ; 83V4 and $4 S3H4M E6. Commercial bills,
$4 81HS4 82. Sliver certificates, £6?4®sr!4c. Bar
i silver, oG?ic. Mexican dollars, 4i->»c. State
' bonds, dull. Railroad bonds, firm. Govern
ment bonds, Irregular.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 28.— Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: Americans
! were dull here to-day In response to New
. York prices, but the close was above the low
; est. Gold is in good demand, Of £1,000,000 of
i gold In bars and sovereigns from the Cape,
£100,000 In sovereigns has gone to the Bank of
England, £400,000 in bars to xne Continent and
£100,000 to India. The latter Is not an ex
! change operation. Money Is likely to be more
! In demand this week. . :".
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Jan. 29.— FLOUR— Receipts.
11,319 barrels; exports, 9171 barrels. Market
active, but firmly held. City mill patents. $5 70
@C; city mill clears. $5 43?} .1 60; Minnesota pat-
I ents, $3 ttdji 4."; Minnesota bakers', $4 2i i: 1 10;
; winter straits, $4 008-4 65; winter extras, t3 50
! <gS 'Mr. winter low grades, $2 SOQ3.
WHEAT— Receipts. 30,613 bushels; exports,
i 134, bushels. Spot easy; No. 2 red, $1 07.
! Options opened steady on English cables and
j big clearances and further advanced by clique
! Interests, but suffered a final relapse 'inter
; general realizing and earl«r Continental cables;
i the closing was easier at Vi&'ic net decline.
| Foreign houses sold No. 2 red January. $1 08V*
01 Osri, closed $1 OS%; May. »9S*iS»!)Hc closed
SBV4c.
HOPS— Firm: State common to choice. H'-;
crop, 4@6c; 18S6 crop. T>j:«-; 1897 crop. 17j«.20c;
, Pacific Coast, 1595 crop, 4@6c; 1596 crop. S^lOc;
1597 crop, 17'(t20.-: London market, Kc»sl.
WOOL— Steady; fleece, 274j31c; pulled, 13®
' 17c.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
PlGlKON— Southern, $9 85@12 25; Northern
$1' IT'!;!-'. . '-..•_ . . '
COPPER— Quiet; lake, brokers'. $10 87Vj.
LEAD— domestic brokers', $3 60
TlN— Plates quiet. ■: . -iw
COFFEE — Options opened steady nt un
changed prices to Jiff 10 points advance; closed
steady ;it unchanged prices to & points net
advance. Sales. 1750 bags. Including March
$5 75. Spot Coffee— (lull; No. 7 Invoice'
CVic: No. 7 Jobbing, C\c; mild, quiet; Cord.v ••'
SVsfc'lSc.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3 !Mi;. ■
centrifugal, »C test, .4 1-lCc; refine. l, st •..;•.•
mold A. -i%c: standard A. sc: confectioners'
A, 6c; cut loaf, &%e; crushed, E^c: powdered
.'. B-16c; granulated, ',>■*<■ ; cubes. .*, ;,-16c '
UUTTEll— Receipts. 24,164 packages. Steady
Western creamery. i4'<.ft2Oc; El«lns. 20c; fac
tory. ll<!JJ4e.
EGGS— Receipts. 13,000 '' [i.ockages. . Steady;
State and Pennsylvania, li'^'o^Oc, Western, 19c.
PRIED FRUIT.
NEW . YORK,' Jan. ».— California Dried
Fruits steady.;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 30, 1898.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. s©7*c ;
prime wire tray. BHc; wood dried prime, BVic,
choice, >#c. fancy, SigSVc.
PRVUCB-tm* ". :
APRtCOrS-Royal, S<p7Ho; Moorpark. B^Uc
PEACxlUS— Unpeeled. 76 10 c; peeled. 12220 c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 29.— Wheat showed some
strength at the opening, principally because
Liverpool had responded fairly well to yes- ]
| terday's advance here. Holders of lines al- j
j ready heavy were good bidders at the start,
which was at 97>>iCrP74c for May, an advance of
'if/*ic. A good deal was for sale at those
I prices, but the selling did not depress the
price lower than 97c, and shortly after a gen
eral buying movement set In. which carried
the price up to 83c. That advance, however,
raised a short selling breeze of such strength
that In half an hour the advance had melted
i away, the decline not stopping until May was
down to 96% c. The heavy dumping of lung
lines late yesterday made many traders afraid
to rli«k their money In wheat at prices above
I 97c. and this fact had a good deal to do with
| augmenting the liquidation which carried
i prices down. Most of the routine news was
bullish. Bradctreet's made the week's clear
! ances of wheat and flour from both coast* 5,
| 110.624 busfieU. compared with 3.925.000 bush
i els the previous week, and 2,515,000 bushels the
corresponding week of last year. The total
i receipts at Western primary markets were
1 324.000 bushels, against 205.000 bushels the year
I before. The day's clearances from Atlantic
; ports were heavy, amounting In wheat and
j flour to 695.000 bushels. This latter item in
, jected temporary strength Into the market, but
It soon fell back again under renewed offer
ings. Shortly before the close the market
was given support, Lelter brokers being cred
ited with good buying at the bottom figures,
and May advanced to 96"ic, where it closed. -
Corn was barely steady. May closed '«''
lower.
Oats were firm at the start, but became weak
later on realizing. May closed '«c lower.
Provisions were very dull and prices kept
within exceptionally narrow range. The close
was unchanged from yesterday.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. —
January 105 ion 108 108
May 974 • 93 96% 967<,
July 87 87 S6 86%
Corn No. 2—
I January 27* 27% 274 274
May 29% 28% 29% 29%
July 30% 30*4 30% 304
Oats No. 2—
May 244 244 24 244
! July 234 234 22% 22%
lien Pork, per bbl—
i January .... .... 9go
May -. 9 974 10 024 9 974 10 00
Lard, per 100 lbs — •
January .... 4*24
Mi:;. 490 490 4 874 4 90'
July 4 974 4 974
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January ;.. .... 490
j May 490 4 924 490 4 924
i 'ash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; winter patents. $4 7O'a4 90; straights,
$4 50.04 60; spring specials, $5 35; spring pat
ents. $4 SMM SO: straights, $4 30®4 40; bakers'.
$3 50; No. 2 spring wheat. 93@5^c; No. 3 spring
wheat. ll£M%c; Ha I red. HcOfl 02; No. 2
corn. 27?ie: No. 2 oats. 23\,Ti24c: No. 3 white,
f. o. b.. 244 c: No. 2 rye, 474 c: No. 2 barley,
f. O. b., 284537 c; No. 1 fiaxseed. SI 23*31 <■■;
prime timothy seed. $2 80: mrss pork, per bbl.
}■ 8 i. 90; lard, per 100 TT.s. $4 K24<JT4 85; short
ribs, Bides (loose). 14 774??4 97Vi; Ory salted
shoulders (boxed), $4 75«f5; short clear sides
(boxed). J.". '■;.'. 20; whisky, distillers" finished
' goods. »per gal. $1 19; sugars, cut loaf, 5.99 c;
granulated, 5.39 c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 7.000 4.000
Wheat, bu 26.000 8.000
Corn, bu 70.000 72,000
Oats, bu 143.000 £9,000
Rye. bu .. 1,000
Barley, bu 45.000 14.000'
On the Produce Exchange to-day the nutter
market was steady: creameries. 139184 c;
dairies, 11017 c; cheese, 1.000 S@S4c; egg»,
r, bu 45.000 14.W1
the Produce Kxchange to-day the Butter
•t Mil Steady; creameries. li'il^'jc;
s. 11 ;17c: cheese, quiet, BOSHc; eggs,
easy, fresh 154 c. •
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shlpmts.
Cities— . Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 174.080 26.C30
Duluth 45.079 6.454
Milwaukee 13.000 • 1 300
Chicago 26,300 - 5.465
Toledo G. 654 1700
Pt. Louis 17.000. 9.000
Detroit 3.544 8.969
j Kansas City : 22.000 13,000
Totals ". 317.637 69,443
Tidewater-
Boston 55.134 57.M5
New York , 30,525 34.K31
\ Philadelphia 12.579 98.626
! Baltimore 49,503
j New Orleans 32.«"0
Totals 151.041 322,842
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— Jan. Mar.
Opening 60 SO 61 10
Closing t:, ...;.'...•.
"* Flour-
Opening ...r......-....-..-.-^<-..'.'...'.r 28 90 28 «0
Closing
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
Mar. May. July. Sept.
I Opening 7 104 7%i 724 67%
Closing ....
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
, CHICAGO. Jan. 29.— CATTLE— few cat
! tle offered to-day were disposed of at the re
cent decline, averaging about He lower than
a week ago. Beef steers were quotable at
$3 C,")f<s 50 as an extreme range for the poor
| est to the best. The recent weakness In prices
i Ik expected to result In smaller receipts next
week.
HOGS — Trade in hogs was active, and despite
the large receipts Friday the late advance was j
well maintained. Common to prime droves of !
hogs. $3 65<g3 M, largely at $3 774*53 85; pigs.
12 50©3 75. Prices were 10c higher than & week
ago.
SHEEP— There was a fair demand for sheep
and lambs at unchanged prices, sheep being I
| salable at S3 30Q4 55. with strictly choice to
extra grades quotable at $4 60«i4 75; ewes sold
, at 13 Ss@3 95 and fed Western sheep were
■ wanted at $3 Wai 55. Lambs were salable at
i $4 War, 75. feeders selling at Jf, 15. Yearlings
I brought $4 Go@s. , - ..•■-
Receipts— Cattle, COO; hogs, 2S00; sheep, 5000
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Jan. 29.— CATTLE— Receipts, 800 j
i Steady, active. Beef steers, $3 T.Vu3 83: Western
steers, $3 60®4 40; Texas steers, |3©3 70: cow*
I and heifers, S3@3 85; canners, $2®2 M; stacker*
and feeders, $3 W>4M 60; calves, 5166; bulls and ■
stags, $2 25&3 7a
HOGS — Receipts. 4500. Market strong. >
i Heavy. 13 Co©3 65: mixed. $3 60@3 63; light
13 (563 70;- bulk. $3 60f?3 B. X '
SHEEP— Receipts. 1700. Market steady. Fair '
•to choice natives, $3 70®4 40; fair to choice
; Westerns, S3 W)Q4 20; common and stock sheen I
S3Q3 83; lambs, $4'!;." 40. »"wp.
DENVER.
DENVER. Jan. ».— CATTLE— Receipts. 100. !
Market firm and strong. Beef steers, S3 25©
4 25; cowr, $2 ."'/'« 60; feeders, freight paid to
I river. S3 ■#( 35; stackers, freight paid, 14®
! 4 M; bulls, stags, etc., f^"<i3. *—.♦«*
HOGS— Receipts. 250. Market steady. Light •
: nartora. $3 60<33 70; mixed, S3 63@3 65: heavy, i
13 COtfi O. • '
SHEEP— Receipts. 100. Market firm and un- '
: changed. Good fat muttons, S3 Co®4 25; lambs,
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Jan. CATTLE— Receipts
200. Market unchanged from yesterday. Only
retail trade.
Receipts. 11.000. Market steady to
shade lower. Bulk of sales; $3 W@3 70; heavies
$3 UQi 75; packers. $3 60@3 75; mixed. S3 6543 I
3 75; lights, S3 40^3 70; yorkers, S3 636J3 7*4
pigs, $3 tO«i3 40. 4
SHEEP— Receipts, 800. Market firm. Lambs
$425@5 50; muttons, $3 25@4 25. '
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, Jan. 29.— At the Wool auction i
sales there were offered 12,600 bales. The at
tendance was good and there was an active
demand, especially for Locks and pieces for j
the Continent. American purchasers operated
more freely and took a thousand bales of me- |
rinos at high rates. German and French oper
ators were eager buyers of fine to faulty
scoureds. New Zealand wools were well rep- I
resented and brought out spirited competition.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal wools were un
changed. Thus lar there have been sold 12,8*0 '
bale*. The offerings up to Wednesday amount- '
ed to 32.000 bales.
Following are the wiles of the day In detail:
New South Wales— MOO bales; scoured, Is3>id
Ola M; greasy. C%@9d.
Queensland— l*oo bales; scoured. Is 4dGl»
4d: greasa/, «>,-;, io4d.
Victoria —MM bales; scoured, 9d®ls 2d; '
greairy. »4d6ls M.
BottU Australia — bales; scoured. Is Vt,CU
Is 3d; greasy, s#i9d. ' v
West Australia— 22oo bales; scoured, 114d@ls
lHd; greasy. 4\?f9d.
New Zealand— 24oo bales; scoured, G\dQls
14d; greasy. 64^104d.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal— 7oo bales:
scoured, 84d®ls 64d; greasy. 4«i©74d.
The arrivals for the next series of snips,
which opens on March 15, aggregate thus far
90,110 bales, including 16,500 bales forwarded .
direct. ■
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or., Jan. 29.— Exchanges. SI7S,
966; balances, $36,£44.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. 29.— The local wheat
market has been In such a sondltlon. for the
past week that It was Impossible to obtain
an accurate quotation, buyers being governed
entirely by their Immediate want*, apparently
regardless' of Liverpool quotations, on which
Portland figures are usually based. There Ib
much speculative bidding reported Among In
ter warehouse men, and all sorts of extrava
gant prices are reported as having beer. paid.
In MMM rases as high as -80 cents being paid
for Walla Walla. Exporters to-day were quot
ing from 74 1 .- to 77c. -but- were not securing
much at the lower figure, and In a few cases
offered - T,\,r for Walla Walla without loos
ening up . flocks. . Blue ' stem ' and valley are
quoted :it nOSbe per bushel. j^raflMCTWSßii- ,-r,;.
Cleared- British ship Poltallock. 140,787 bush
el* wheat: British ship Cambrian King, T5.332
bushels wheat; both for Queenstown.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. 2j -Wheat— Weak; No. 1
club, 754 c; No. 1 blue stem, 78H«-
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Jan. 20.— Consols, 112 11-16; Silver.
I€ 5-16 d; French rentes, 103f 2vc.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 29.- Wheat, firm; cargoes
off coast, nominal: unchanged; cargoes on pas
sage, firm: Wheat in Paris, steady; Flour In
Paris, st-ady.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 7-H2d.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Spot firm: No. 2 red Western win
ter, 7s 114<!: No. 1 red Northern spring, 8s IJ.
CORN— Spot American mixed new, firm.
8s 54d; American mixed old, steady .s 3d:
futures steady; January, 3s sd; February.
2s S'4d: March. 3s 2 »d. ,
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, firm »s 9d.
HOPS— At London, Pacific Coast, firm, £4 13a
@£5.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 53%
Sterling Cables — 4 86
New York Exchange, sight — 10 j
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 22>4'
Fine Silver, per ounce — es*^
Mexican Dollars 46*4 47
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS. .
WHEAT— Cawdor takes for Cork 79, 533 I
ctls. valued at $118,764. {.
The market advanced again, both on and off
call, and closed very steady.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 43
for No. 1, Jl 46' i for choice and $1 47481 50 per
ctl for extra choice for milling. -
CALL BOARD SALES. i ....
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— ctls,
$1 41: CO.OOO. }1 42>*: 2000. $1 42U-
Second Session— May— l6.ooo ctls, $1 42U: 2000,
$1 42; 42.000, II 42*.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo ctls,
$1 484: 26.000, $1 42H. December— 40CO, HIM;
16.000. II K%. !
BARLEY— Spot prices remain unchanged, but
futures were higher. Trading was not very
brisk.
Feed. »!151 02>i for dark to good and $1 03 for 1
choice; brewing, Jl '21j^ 1 17^ for No. 1 and .
$1 02H@l W> Per ctl for dark Coast.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls c May— 4000 ctls.
93c; 12.000. :'3' 4 c.
Second Session— May— 4<Wo c tls. 9314 c
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo ctls,
93«4e: 4000, 93\r.
OATS— strong at the advance, with a
good demand for feed descriptions.
Fancy feed. tl 2 < j'—ffl 25 per ctl: good to
choice. $1 17'..i7l 22«: common, $1 I2u,i<il IB:
Surprise, $1 25Scfl 30; red, $1 33«gl 45; gray, $1 I.'.
<f?l 17>4; milling, $1 UV". 22H; black, for seed,
%l 35^1 50. Clipped Oats sell at $I©2 per ton
over the raw product. M
CORN— There Is hardly any white seen at
the moment, and yellow* are in light offering.
The market Is very firm and a further rise Is \
noted. ' .  -
Small round yellow. t\ 074 per ctl; large yel- '
low. Jl OTH; white. $1 05.
RYE— Strong and higher at $1 05@l 074 per (
C BUCKWHEAT-JlJs®2 por ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Rolled Oats and Split Peas have advanced.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
Jl SZ&i 65: Baker*' extras. $4 30@4 40 per bhl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol- |
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
j Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 50 per 100; i
; Rice Flour. t:> 75; Commeal. $2 23; extra cream
i do, $3: Oatmeal. (ISO; Oat Groats. $4: Hom
iny. $3 l«Ti3 30; Buckwheat Flour. $4; Cracked
Wheat. ?:: 50; Farnl:t. $4 BO; WhM<» ' Wheat
I Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (bbl*), {5 80S 65- In
I packs. X n 'Tir- 45; Pearl Barley, $4; Split Peas
, $1 75; Green Peas, $4 25 i*r 100 lbs.
1 - ; HAY AND FKEDSTUFFB.
There was a steady market for all descrip
tions yesterday, and arrivals sold off well.
BRAN— I> 931
! MIDDLINGS— S2IO24 .-.0. • --. 1 ■'• -
FEFfSTI-FFS— Rolled Barley. J22i??23 pei i
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $28 50«29 50;
Jobbing, $30; Cocoanut Cake, $i!K}2f>; Cotton-
H--, «i »M.al. $2Sr fl ») per ton: Corn Meal, $23 50(31
7* W: Cracked Corn, $24^(23; Chopped Feed.
|1M»1».
HAY— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat. $16*?
18 50 per ton; Wheat and Oat, Jl6*i 17 50; Oat,
$14 50516 50: Barley. $13 50*815 55; compressed.
$15fjli; Alfalfa. $10 &o<fJll 50; stock, $10 50©
11 50; Clover, $ll<ffl2 50 ber ton.
STRAW— JO®47Vic per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Holders of Pink Brans advanced their prices
I yesterday, the other kinds remaining as before.
; The market for Pinks is now pretty well cor
nered. •
BEANS— Bayos. $2 POfll: Small Whites, $1 S3
©143; Larg« Whiten. II 30«? l 874: Pinks. $2 40
«j2 £0; Reds. $1 sir., 2; Blackeye. $2 2i'«2 50;
Butters. $1 4"-.M 50; Llmaa, $1 65C1 75; Pea.
$1 35iil SO per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 per ctl; Yellow
Mustard. VSi CO; Flax. *262 10; Canary Seed,
2«452»»c per- 11; Alfalfa. 3g6c; Rape. 2fi2* 4 c:
Hemp. 3c; Timothy. 5Uc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles," $1 25; Green, $1 200
1 40 per ctl. -,
POTATOES, ONIONS. VEGETABLES.
i;' ■»"» z-'-.' •■•.■-■.:• ■
Vegetables are rather easier under large ar
rivals. Potato** and Onions are unchanged.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 6f.4ir73c: River Reds.
45g55c; River Burbanks, 60@70c; Oregon Bur
1 bank». 60£90 c: Salinas Burbanks. Ssc@sl 10;
Petaluma Burbanks, 50jJfi5c; Sweet Potatoes
£0c per ctl for Rivers and 50853 c for Merced
new Volunteer Potatoes. 3c per Ib
ONIONS— S2 mm 70 per ctl; cut Onions. $1 50
©2 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Marrowfat Squash. $12«1S
per ton: Hut. bard Squash. $12'."i1.', per ton- Dried
Pepper*. ' 3"& 10c per lb: Dried okra. 15c; Cab-
I bage. «Mi77.'c per ctl; Carrots. 251160 c per sack;
Garlic. 34@14c per 11.; Asparagus, 15*?35c
pat lb.
Los Angeles Green Peas. 6@Se: String
I Beans, 2- .i ; Tomatoes. $Kil 7."»; Green Peppers.
2>vg2sc per 1b: Summer Squash. Mi \<\- : Egg
; Plant. 1;.'820c per lb; Hothouse Cucumbers $1 25
I ©1 60 per doz.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced raw, "2c per lb In lots of 2.".
lbs; sliced desiccated, K.filSc; granulated raw.
IScr Onions. 60c: Carrots, old, 13c; now. 18c;
, Cabbage. 30c; Swe«"t Potatoes. 30c; turnips,
Ke; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND OAJOR.
The week closed with large stocks of East
ern Poultry on hand to be carried over Sun
day. The usual quantity is expected this
week, so the outlook Is not brilliant.
The Game market Is choked.
POULTRY—
Live Turkeys. !>ffliic for Oobblern and lf^llc
for Hens; dressed Turkeys, 9#l!lc per tb;
Geese, per pair. $1 2.".'a! 50: Ducks. $4#5; Hens,
$3©«; Roosters, young. . $4©5; Roosters, old,
$3 tC©4; Fryers. $4 50«5; Broilers, $4 6003 for
large and ■ $303 60 for small: Pigeons, $1500
1 7.'. per dozen for young and 73c(fi$l for old.
GAME— per dor. $1; Mallard. $2 MM
3; Canvasback, $301; Sprig. $1 23©1 50; Teal.
Wcfttl; Widgeon. 76c©*l; Small Ducks. 50c;
Gray Geese, $2: White, 75c; Braitt, $1;
Honkers, *3: Kngllsh Snipe. $2: Jack Snipe, Si;
Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 ?3fcl 50 for Cottontails end
$1 for small.
BUTTER CHEESE AND EGOS.
Butter and Eggs both advanced lc and stocks
are well cleaned up. The cold, dry weather Is
doing the business.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creameries, 26©27 c; sec
onds, 24<i250- ■ .
Dairy— Choice to fancy. 22024 c; lower grades,
20621 c per It).
Eastern Butter — Creamery. 22c; ladle
packed. 171j021c per to.
CHEESE— mild new, lie; common to
good, B©lo c: Cream Cheddar. 10®llc; Young
America. Il<m2c; Western, H@l2c; Eastern.
12H*?134c per Tb.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 23@240 per doz; store
Eggs. 21®22c. _!_"■
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Trade In all kinds Is lull at previous prices
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Cranberries. $7©S per bbl: Coos Bay. $150©
2 per box.
Apples. 4"'y.'oc per box for common, 63c!05l
for good- to choice and II 2.".®1 40 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1 2-VQI
2 25; Seed.lJigß. 50c@$l; Mandarins, Jl@i 60
for large and 65®7Sc for small boxes; Grape
Fruit. $2 50*rr, per box: Lemons. 50c©$l for
common and $1 2; '•'<>- for pood to choice; Mexi
can Limes, nominal: California Limes, in
small boxes, nominal: Bananas. $1 25<g2 23 per
bunch; Pineapples. $S<s4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS. RAISINS. ETC.
Reports from New York indicate . a firmer
market there for Raisins, but the local trade
say. that this situation shows no improvement
whatever., and that, in fnct. Raisins are slow
of sale. Dried Fruits remain the name. Honey
Is still neglected. *
DRIED . ITS— Prunes, carload lots, 4i»
©4Vc for 40-50's. 3%fJ4%0 for 60-60's. 3K4f3»«c
for CO-T0"5..2%03Vic for 70-WTs. 2UC2*ic for »0
60's. IV«2^C for iO-100's: Peaches. 3^4'ic; fan
cy I<q~S ■■■. peeled. 10®H4c; Apricots. &©6c for
Royals atid 76 Sc for Rood to fancy Moor parks;
evaporated Apples. CV'iTc; sun-dried. 4^4V;
black Kiss, in sacks.- 202 &e: Plums, <4#4*c
for pitted and 161 Vie for unpltted; bleached
Plums, S&wVic; Nectarines, 4©sc for prime to
fancy; Pears. ■ 2H©4!4c 'or quarters and 3^s'ic
for halves, according to color, etc. ■
RAISINS— 2c for two-crown. 303Hc for three
crown. 3*i@4c for four-crown, 6c for Seedless
Sultanas. fUc for Seedless Muscatels and Utf
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes. 2%c. .•
NUTS — Chestnuts are quotable at Ef/Wo per
1b: Walnuts. ii£Bo far hardshell and Co7c for
softshell: Almonds. H,ft;3Vsc" for hardshell. C©«c
fur softKhell and "CfSo for paper-shell: Peanuts.
45?."."4 c for Eastern and 4>4c for California;
Pecans. 6H@Sc: Filberts, S%«10c: P.raxil Nuts,
SSfc t>or Ib: Coccanuts, $4 :<o<fi:> per 100.
IION'KY— New Comb. SSlOc for bright and s«?i
7c for lower 1 grades: new water white extract
ed. P.ht'o; light amber extracted, J%@4«4c
per Ib. • • •• : •■ ■ '■ '
-> BEESWAX— 23IT2SO per lb.
PROVISIONS.*
Dealers estimate that local trade Is from 20
to 40 per cent larger than last year at this
i time. The demand Is for all points, though
the Alaskan demand is a large factor. Pork
products are expected to go up almost any
day.
i CURED MEATS— Bacon. B'»c per lb for
heavy, 9c for light medium. 10c for light,. IOMiC
for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured: East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 104©lle: California |
Hams, 9<B^Hc; Mess Beef. $S BO per bbl ; extra
mess do, ,$» SO; family do.- JUKI 2; salt Pork,
»M«» 50; extra prime Pork. $9 50; extra clear.
ll«; mess, $!4 50; Smoked Beef, llVi©l24c per ;
lb.
LARD— tierces quoted at M< per lb !
for compound and fie for pure: palls, 7c: Call- '
fornia tierces, 6c per lb for compound and Re
for pure; half-bbls, 6>>4c; IC-lb tins, 7c: do 5-lb
7Ue per Il>.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 5%!iT«Hc: package*,
less than 3no-ijis— pails. 60 in a case. STic:
S-lb pails. 20 in a case, SHe; 5-lb palls. 12 In a
case. R»4c; 10-lb palls, 6 In a case, l%c; &0-lb
tins, one or two in a case, 7 tic: wooden buck
ets, jo lbs net. 7%c: fancy tubs - SO lbs net, "He:
half-bbls. about 110 lbs, 7»,4c per lb.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
There Is a (rood undertone for all lines under
this head, though trade remains quiet at the
j old quotations. ■:•: - "i
j HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brand* sell
jlc under sound stock. Heavy salted steers.
I l0f?10Uc per lb: medium. le; light. »c: Cow
hides. D9lV a u; Stags, fie: salted Kip. 10c: Calf,
lie: dry Hides. 16e; culls ami brands. 13c: dry
Kip and Veal. H«?1*e: dry Calf. lS®2oc; culls.
1«4917c: Goatskins. M#3THc each; Kids. s@loc:
| Deerskins, good summer. 2. i!H3oc per lb; me
dium. 20c: winter. 10c: Sheepskins. shearlings.
20T30C each: short wool, 40«70c each; medium.
7f«S7r>Op: long wools. M)o0f1 30 each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. VB& .c. per lb: No.
2, 2*fr2%c: refined. sc: Orease, 2?f2Hc.
WOOL— Fall clip— Middle counties— free. 10®
Be; do defective. lO^llc: San Joaquin. defec
; tive. 7®9c; Southern Mountain, 9iSllc: free
Northern. ]2«TlScf do defective. 9??1lc: Hum
bold t and Mendocino. lWti.ic; Eastern Oregon,
»Ili- Valley Oregon. lfi^lSc.
HOPS— OId crop. 2ffCc for poor to fair and 3
| ®10c for good; new crop. ll*Hsc per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bacrs. 1898 delivery.
I h*<t*iW-; Wool Fries. 27?T30e.
COAL— Wellington is quoted at $8 per ton;
: New Wellington, $8; S»uthn«»ld Wellington,
! 17 50; Seattle. $. . 50; Bryant $.- 60; Coos Bay.
i $4 75; Wallsend. J7 00; Cumberland. $14 H in
bulk and $1« in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra-
I cite Egg. $15: Cannfl. $!> SO per ton: Rock
' Springs. Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. $7 60;
Coke, $13 per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks.
: ST'OAR-The Western Su«rar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
; and Fine Crushed. 6 4c: Powdered. 6%c: Dry
Granulated. 6*ic: Confectioners' A, 5?4c: Mag
nolia A. 5%c: Extra C. He: Golden C. 6>4c:
Candy Granulated. 5%c; California A. 3',4c per
lb; half barrels Vie more than barrels, and
boxes He more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hosts continue weak under large arrivals.
The other descriptions are as before.
Wholesale rates for dressed beef stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, GiA«i?7c: second do, 5V4@
6c: third do. 4<frse per lb.
VEAL— I.ar**>. s© 6c; small, 6®7c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6H«j!7c: ewes, 6V4c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, nominal.
PORK— Live Hosts. 4c for large, 3H«3"Sic
for small and B%<!}3"ie for medium; soft Hogs,
Z'y-iC; dressed, do, sH®6c per lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday January 29.
Flour, qr sks ... 25.2' fnlfa seed .... 32
Wheat, ctls 19,:'. -torts, sks 345
Barley, ctls 67,6- I -.Its, bdls 30
Oats, ctls 22 ••lirksllver. flsk. 144
Corn, ctls 6 ''ay. tons M
, live, ctls t.2 Tildes, no 246
Cheese, ctls .... 1? Paper, reams .. 2.450
Butter, ctls 170 Lime, bbla 81
Beans, sks 1,211 i Eggs, doz 7,33rt
Potatoes, sks .. 1,876 Lumber, ft 10.000
Middlings, sks .. tit Wine, gals 78,900
Bran, pks 046 ' Straw, tons 10
Onions, sks 67 Hops, bales 35
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a lively business In Sierra Nevada
after the board and the price advanced to
$1 It where it closed, against an opening figure
of lie, This advance -carried Ophlr up to 62c,
Union to 47c. and Hale & Norcross to $1 65.
The close was strong. The other stocks re
mained unchanged.
The Union Con. delinquent sale takes place
to-morrow.
The Ballol Gold Mining Company of Ama
dor County has levied an assessment of 30
cents per share, delinquent March 4.
The annual meeting of the Union Trust ■■
Company has been railed for February 7.
The Fall River Consolidated Gold Quartz
Mining Company of I'lum-s County has levied
an assessment of 5 cents per share, delinquent
February 25.
The Jamison Mining Company has declared a
dividend of 5 cents per share, amounting to
J19.500, payable February 13.
The Pacific Coast Chemical Company of
Oakland has levied an assessment of one
fourth of one cent per share, delinquent Feb
ruary 28.
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
Name Of Stock. I It. IT. W.I T. IF. IS.
Alpha 07 07 OS 07 05
Alta 14 13 13 12 11
Andes 16 17 IS 15 12
Belcher > 39 38 40! 35 37
Best & Belcher. 48 (1 61 46 47
Bullion 11 10 11 09 09 !
Caledonia 19 19 23 17 17
Challenge .... SO 32 3*. 32 30
Chollar .... a 27 29i 23 24
Con. Cal. & Va 1 15 1 20 1 M i 10 1 10
Confidence 75 80 85! 78 75
Crown Point 26 271 29 25 24
Gould & Curry 33 36 3S 13 35
Hale & Norcross 1 30 1 15 1 40 1 45 1 63
Mexican .... 25 26 M 25 26
Ophlr .... 60 61 64 55 62
Overman OS 09 10 09 07
Occidental .... 1 5511 6011 1601 60
Potosi .... 32 34 36 30 23
Savage .... 16 18 191 15 16
Seg. Belcher .... 061 07 07 06 06 |
Standard .... 1 45 1 45 1 45 1 45 1 50
Sierra Nevada j 73! S9 l 15 84 110
Union 42 46 54 44 47
Utah 12 11 141 li-l li
Yellow Jacket |....| 35 36 37 34 36
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Regular Session- -9:30.
200 Andes 12 SOU Ophlr 53
300 Belcher «4 > EOOPotosJ 09
100 Bullion 09 1 100 Beg Belcher. . 06
lOOChollar 22 1 300 Sierra Nev 76
23 Con Cal & Va. .1051100 ' 75
100 Crown Point ... 22 J 500 Union Con .. . 42
250 Hale & Norcrs..l 50 100 Yellow Jacket .. 30
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Regular Session— lo:3o.
300 Alpha 061700 Savage ..:."' "13
600 Andes 12 i>Ki Sierra Nev .. . 79
600 Belcher ......... S» »0 76
300...-. ........ 34:00 .""■ 7s
300 Best & Belchr.. 44 500 SO
200 45 tOO .. "■ SI :
300 Bullion 09 700 "" v>
200 Caledonia 19 500 ..".'.'. 83
250 Chollar 22 iOO ■ 8 -;
200 Con Cal & Va..l 00 600 - .. " S6
MO '. 1 02% 300 " v ,
800 1 1..- v,, ' M
400 1 10 100 ;■■ %
400 Crown Point ... 23 4«0 97
300 Gould ft Curry.. 34 200. 98
100 Hale A Nrcrs.l 52' •• 300 100
300 156:701) 1 02> .
100 165. SCO 103
200 Mexican 21 COO 11,
500 SIM Union Con 4'
600Ophir 52 200 44
500 58 800 45
800 ."... «0 700 47
GOO .:.. 62 400 4.S
500 Overman s 07 1000 Utah 10
too 06 400 Yellow Jacket .. SO
100 Potrsl 29
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Jan. 29—13 m.
Alpha Con 05 07 Julia 01 02
Alta 11 •13 Justice 36 4,)
Andes .12. 13 Kentucky 03 03 '
Belcher M 87 Mexican ....... 26 28'
Host & Belchr. 47 49 Occidental 160 165 •
Bullion 09 10 . sphlr 60 61
Caledonia 17 IV Overman 08 07
Chollar 23 24 Potost 26 I*l
Con Cal & Va..l 05 110 Savage ......... 16 17
Challenge SO — ; Seg Belcher 03 ul
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Silver Hill .... 03 04
Confidence 7."> — Scorpion.. ■ — «C :
Crown Point... 24 25 Sierra Nev 105 110
Con New York. — 02 Standard 1 ill ICO
Eureka — 25 i Union Con 46 —
Oould & Curry. 35 34 ] Utah 11 i»
Hale * Norcrs.l 05 170 Yellow Jacket.. 30 36 !
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Jan. 10:30 a. m.
Bid. Asked. Bid. Asked.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 65% —
4s quar coup.-.H3V4 — Pac Gas Im.. 93 —
4s quar reK-- — 113 Pie L. Co ..... 56H 67^4
4b quar new... 123 — S F G & E...05% —
Miscellaneous— Han Fran.;... B^4 3->i
Cal-st Cab Bs.U3 — Stockton Gas. 14»4 —
Cal El L, 6i> 126>4 — Insurance—
C C Wat 65... 102 103 Firem's Fnd,.197',4 —
Dup-st ex c — SBV4 Bank Stocks—
■ L & P Cs..l23V;i2;'%i An(flo-Cal .... 5514 —
•' & Ch Ry«s. — 120- Hank of i'a»...246 24S
Gear-!<t X Vs. 93V1102 Cat SD & T:. — 101
HC & S 5H..106 — First Nat ....200 —
L. AL Co fis.. — 100 Lon P & A.. 130 —
Do *ntd «5..100 101 Mer Kxchnse. 12 —
Market-st Cs..lIG — Nev Nat 8... 150 —
Do let M 65.114* i— - Savings Bank—
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 100 Ger S i L...1473 1620
N <' nsity 78.101 — Hum S & L..1050 1160
NRy Cal 65. .110 — Mutual Say. V, 40
N Ky Cal C 5.'.102 103 S F Say L\. 470 453
N PC Ry 6n.n«4 — I& 1. 50.... — 100
NPC Ry us. 100 — Security S B 13) —
Oak Gas 55... 104 — Union T Co 950 —
Do 2d Is 65. .111 112 ! Street Railroad—
Dm Ry 65..... — 130V4 California ....lOS'ilOS*;
P&O Ry 6s.HO U3 Eeary ......... 46 —
&Ch Ry 6s. — 112 Market-st .... 68*6 53>i
Powell-st 6*. ..113 — Dak SLic H — — -
Keno WL&L.. — 105 j Presidio 'hi —
Sac ElecKyos. — 100 , Powder--
SF& X P 05.105 — California .... 97^113
SPof Ar 68..101H102 E Dynamite ..S3 s —
PCM 68....109\110Vi 3iant Con Co 3* 3^
SPC let o« fs. 86U100 Vitrorlt 3% 3",
B'P Br 6s 110 — Miscellaneous—
S V Wat 65.. 1193412014 Al Pap Assn.. 09% 99Vi
S V Wat «..102%103% Ger Ld Wks..loo 150
Stock Gas 68.. — 103 H C & S Co. 30% 31V»
Water— Hutch S P Co. 41", 4»V»
Contra Costa. 544 55% Mer Ex Asm.. 90 —
Marin Co .... 60 — Nat Yin Co .. — IVt
Spring Val . . . IOOI4IOOH Oc 8 Co 40* 41*,,
Gaß * Electric— Pac A F Al.. 2 3
Cent GasliKht. 95% — Pac Bor C 0... 93 100
Capital Gas... — — Par Paint Co. 6V* —
MEL. C 0.... 15% X.'»
MORNING SESSION— IO:3O.
35 Alaska Packers' Association 99 50
SJ do do 99 23
216 Contra Costa Water 55 00
C"» Giant Powder Con 38 25
2" Hawaiian Commercial &. Sugar 3100
6"i Mutual Electric Light 15 3.Vi
156 Oceanic Steamship Co 4100
WB F Gas A.- Electric Co »6 00
S Spring Valley Water 100 25
2>l ,'.O do 100 371-
GOVlffartt Powder 3 75
Street—
$2000 Northern Ry of Cal M Bonds 102 00
THE DOG'S BARK.
As to barking, there are a great number
of different sorts of harks, the meaning
of each of which is well known.
For example, there is the barking
which at night is meant to call master's
attention to the iact that some burglar
or other evil-doer is hovering around the
premises. When I heur my Landeeer
Newfoundland or my splendid St. Bernard
giving warning in this way 1 turn on my
other side, and do but sleep the sounder,
well knowing that no evil-doer would
dare to enter my premises or even my
grounds. Some years ago every house in
Twyford was entered by burglars except
my own. With jimmiesthey had already
opened a lower window of my villa, when
they had to fly. The bark ofwarning has
doubtless descended through long genera
tions from the d.ays when wild dogs hunt
ed in packs, and it was then as useful in
recalling siragglers as the bugle of a regi
ment.
Next, there is the bark of joy, when
a dog. fur instance, meets again a kind
and loving muster, who may have been
absent fur a few days. No mistaking
this. It is the bark of pleasure and ex
citement. Sometimes mv beautiful St.
Bernard, "Fair Helen of' Troy," mingles
a little friendly scolding with this, for
after licking my cheeks and ears she
bai ks astern, and with her head cocked
funnily to one side, barks me a lecture.
"Why didn't you tak<- me with you?"
she seems to say. "It was cruel, and I've
been wretched all the time. But I'm
happy now. Don't ever, ever leave your
Helen again."— Gordon Stables, in " the
January Our Animal Friends.
COST OF RUSSIAN CORONATIONS.
Alexander 111 was parsimonious. On
his deathbed he advised his son to lo
strictly economical. His own corona
tion, he said, had only cost 13,000.000
rubles ($6,500,000), but the coronation
expenses ought to be and could be fur
ther reduced, to 7,000,000 rubles. Ni
cholas II has preferred, on the con
trary, to squander on that unfortunate
display more than 60.000,000 rubles ($30,
000.000), taken from the already over
burdened state budget.
Strict economy in state expendit ne
was the rule during the previous reign,
and this must be said of Alexander 111,
that he succeeded in putting an end
to the wholesale plundering of Russia
which was going on during the second
half of Alexander ll's rule: he undoubt
edly created a certain atmosphere of
honesty iti the management of the
state's moneys. Under the present Czar
the watchword is, on the contrary:
"Do just as you like! Steal, and plun
der, but don't worry me!"— Prince Kra
potkin in The Outlook.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
January, 1898.
80.
—
•
Mo Tu.i
S 4
17 IS
i ! "l
W.I
— I
,
5
Th.
•
—
7
.-/
ISa
1
~
-
O Full Moon,
\SJ Jan. 7.
Moon's
_
! i
I
i
I
Last Quarter.
Jan. 15.
•
I n\
v.
14
15
—
.
—
18
-» I
»
21
n
! z?S New Moon,
V 3/ Jan. 22.
I
i
l»
I
1
I
i
H
I-
24 25
2 5
27
' 2S I
l»i
j I
-
I-mI -m First Quarter,
3 Jan. 2J.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
.MEK
I
minium .... I
r>rth PV>rlr
ortn * orK.
ate or Cai.. . .
•lz;iba
re.it.-i
omer
,n Bl.tn . |
Illaticf
rnatiila ... .
t.v of Rio J...
r.nlre I
departure Bay Jan 30
lumooidt Jan 30
■ortiana Jan M
Mexico .» Jan 30
"oosßay „ Jan SI
Newport an 31
•anama ( j an si
\aqulna Bay Jan 31
Yukon Feb 1
Victoria * Pue-et Sna . . . Peb 1
China and Japan 'Fob 1
Coos Bay.. p,.h l
Yaqulna Bay Feb 2
Seattle Fob 2
Seattle F »> 2
, Tacoma Feb 2
San Diee-o Feb 2
'Humboldt Feb 2
Crescent City Feb 3
Portland Feb 4
, Newport.... | Feb 4
\ lctorla and Pupet Sound Feb 6
i-esiaeni. i
ljittiiietie. ... i
•ojrrvso..
ashtaaaw. . .
inui Kos;i. .. i
oeott
■oscent City.. !
>lumoia |
)os Bay ;
t.v Puebia.. ..
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Stkamkr.
DESTIJJATIOXi
Sails.
'ueen |
>nni<>
'omona
falls wii;
I'iniboldt.
otla
ircata. . . i
lomer ... I
tate of Ca' '•
i 1 ...,,...!.,
Llil!ll«'<l;i .
Alaska I
Joqullle liver 1
Vm Dlegro ,
Vie & P Sound I
Sk;iiniav
Alaska
i""oosi ""oos Bar
JHumboJdt I
Portland i
Sydney ,
CulnaAJapan.
Humbldt Bay.
San Diego
Alaska ■ i
Vie «V Pjrt Snd
Crescent City.
Mexico
Newport.
Portland.. ... I
| Jan tO. 1 p>i|
Jan 31, A ml
■Tan 31. 11 ami
Jan 31. iy am
Feb 1 |
Feb 1 1
Feb 1, la ami
'Feb i. l pv|
Feb 110 ami
Fob 3,' 2 pm
Fob 3, 1 pm
Fob 3, <• am
Feb 4. 11 AM
Feb 5 1
;FVb A. 10 am
Ffb 5. I I'M
Feb- 6.10 am
Fob .0. it am,
iF«-b T. 10 am |
| Pier 9
Pier -i
Pier 11
i Pier »
Pier 3
Pier ?
Pier IB
, Pier 9
; Pier 21
Pier T
PM SS
i Pier 13
Pier 11
opMc... !
veeott j
anta Rosa
alliance....
Hllo
li'.atiUa .
NHM C
lrljj,ln
I
!Pler !t
I Pier 2S
I Pier 11
■ Pier 11
Pier 24
•ma Da.. ..
en Bar.
olnmbia..
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San ;
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about ;
twenty-five minutes lator than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the simc at both places.
JANUARY-1898.
.-* Sunday, January 3'J. ■ .
Sun rises.... ...•...."....„. .7:15 |
Sun sets .;.'. ;'.... ...6:81 :
Moon 5et5....." ...; ......1:49 a m
gJTlm* peo , Tlme| Fee: Tlm?] Fce t Time F
g H W I. _\V II \Y 'l W
■I ~57?T| 535] TTT7S: u> ~STF lull ~3D
.31 0:12 4.1' I:.V. M 9:34 8.7
L VV; II W L \VI H V.
1 0:31 S.I 7:01 4.'.> l 2:12 I O.H! 111:2-..' 39
2 1:89 :;■' 7:SO 6.0 3:21 0.1 10:53 4">
3 2:32 8.5 »:K 5.1 3:54 0.1 11:24 ill
4 3:2U 3.3 9:10 5.2 1 4:25 —0.3 11:44 «.!> i
"5 4:0? 3.1 10.00 5.3! 4:5.-i — 0.3
t!:12
L W
(l:Hl
1 ::•!
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are Riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column irtvos the second tide of
Urn day. the third time column fV third tide. ;
and the lnst or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, us somotimps occurs. The heights
jrlven are nd'lltions to the sounding on the
United States Toast Purvey charts, except
when .-\ ruin;;* slun (— ) precedes the heijrhtand
then the number Klvcn Is sirbtractlve from the
dei<th given by the charts. ;
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrocraphle. ■
Office, located In the Merchants" Exchange In
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit th«
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can, always he obtained regarding
lights, dangers to. navigation and all matters
Of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time hall on top of the bulldlnc on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted' about ten minutes before
noon and Is dropped at noon. ,120 th meridian
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. Cal. ■- '
A notice stating wheth."- the time hall was
dropped on time or glvlnc the error. If any. Is
published the name day by the afternoon pa
pers, and by the morning papers the following
flay- . ■ • W. •S. HTTOHKS.
Lieutenant. T . 8.- N.. In charge.:
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrnsrraphic Ofnce. C S. N . Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. January
29, IS9B.
Tne time ball on Telegraph Hill was
dropped exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon
of the 120tb meridian, or exactly at S p. m..
Greenwich time. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. January 29.
Stmr Bonita, Nicolson, in hours from Moa«
landing: 739 sks barley, to H Dutard.
Stmr Pomona, Cousins, 17 hours from Eu
reka; pass and mdse, to Goodall. Perkins &
Stmr Queen, Debnev, 58 hours from San
Diego; pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins &
Co.
, Stmr Cottajre City, Goodall, 59 days from
N<-\v York, via Valparaiso 21 days; ballast, te,
Oo tell, Perkins i Co. y
Stmr c'lenne. Walvigr. Iff hours from Albion;
; lumber, to Albion Lumber Co.
! Stmr WVstport. Jacobs, 47 hours from San
i Pedro; 5924 sks barley, to Pacific Coast S S Co.
Shiji 'U in J Rotch, Lancaster. 223 days from
N«y lork. via Talcahuano 78 days; mdse, to
;J F Chapman- ft Co.
; Sohr Archie and Fontie. Colstrup. 40 hour*
j £"° m Fisks Mill: 7000 posts, to HiKglns &
Bear Bender Brothers, Wetzel, 4 days fm
Bowens Landing-; SOW -posts, to Bender Broa.
CLEARED.
Saturday, January 29.
Stmr Queen, Debney, Seattle; Goodall. Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Walla Walla, Gape, Victoria and Port
Townsend; Goodall, Perkins fl Co
Stmr Coos Bay. Hall, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins i- Co,
Fr stmr La Madeleine. Ronard. Nanalmo;
Roth. Ulum & Co.
Br ship Celticburn. Linklater, Hull; G W
M.-N.ar-
Bktn W H Dimond. Nilsen, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILi3I\
Saturday. January 29.
Etmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendoclno.
Rtmr Czarina, Seaman, Coos Bay.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro.
Stmr Chescent City. Stockfleth, Crescent
City.
Ger schr Hercules. Schwartlnir, Jalult.
Schr Newark. Beck. Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Jan 29, 10 p. m.— Weather
clear; wind calm.
CHARTERS.
The Columbia loads coal on the Sound for
this port.
The St Enoch loads wheat at Portland for
Europe. 40s; Whitlleburn, wheat at Tacoma.
for Europe, 355.
Nov 25—47 S 117 W, Br ship British Com.
modore, from Tacoma for Queenstown.
Jan 12— 5 S 29 \V. Br ship Brenhilda, from
Portland for Queenstown.
Dec 2-55 S 89 W, Br ship Saint Mirren, ho
Sept 26 fur Q'ieenstown.
Dec 22—31 S 31 W, Br ehTp Howth, hence
Sept 7 for London.
Dec 22— SI S3l W, Br ship Vimeira, hence
Oct 18 for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 29— Dan ship Jupi
ter, frum HIoro: Br bark Nlthsriale. from
Nagasaki: Br ship Indian Empire, hnce Jan 5.
NEWPORT— Arrived Jan 29— Schr John A
Campbell, from Port BlakeU".'.
SAN l ilEGO— Arrived Jan 29— Stmr National
City, hence Jan 27. '
Sailed Jan 29 — IT S stmr Monadnock.
EXREKA— Arrived Jan 29— Schr Mary
Buhne, hence Jan 22.
Sailed Jan 29— Stmr North Fork, for San
Francisco.
PORT HARFORD Salted Jan 29— Stmr
■\Atiltfshoro, for San France
ola, from Nanaimo for Port Los Anpeles; str
Pasadena, from Eureka for wan Pedro.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Jan 29— Haw
stmr San Mateo, from Comox.
COOS RAY— Arrived Jan 29— Schr Gem, hce
Jan 17.
Sailed Jan 29— Schr Abbie, for San Fran
cisco.
Jan 29— Schr La Chll-
Rl'RKKA— failed Jan 29— Stmr Laguna and
schr Ma McKay, for San Francisco.
EVERETT-Salled Jan 29— Bktn Catherine
Puiiilen. for San Franciscv
PORT BRAGG— Sailed Jan 29— Stmrs Rival
an^l Coiiulllo River, fnr San Francisco.
CASPAR— Arrived Jan 29— Schr Maxim, he«
Jan 22
TATOOSH— PaseM Jan 29— Tug Monarch, he
Jan 2fi fnr Port Towtwend.
COos RAY— Sailed Jan 29— Stmr Arcatn,
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Jan 28 — Stmr Hueneme,
YAQVINA BAT— Palled Jan 2S— Str Presi
dent, fnr San Francisco.
El'RFKA— Arrived Jan 29— Stmr Weoott.
henc»> Jan 27.
Sailed Jan 29— Stmr Weeott, for Crescent
City.
QRAYS HARBOR- Sailed Jan 2R— Str Diri
go. tor San Francisco, in tow of tuff Astoria.
SAN DlEGO— Passed Jan 28— Stmr Cottnpe
City, frnm New York for San Francisco via
Valparaiso.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE— CIeared Jan 2S— Ship Benja
min SSewall, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
EXSENADA- Sailed Jan 29— Stmr Orizaba,
for San Francisco.
MKLISUVKXE- Arrived — Bark Empire, he
Not h.
' narvon Bay, for Victoria.
COLON— Arrived Jan 2S— Stmr Advance, fm
N«W York.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 29— Stmr Manitoba,
I for London; stmr Rotterdam, for Rotterdam;
! stmr La Champagne, for Havre; stmr Campa*
nia. for Liverpool; stmr Phoenicia, for Ham-
SOTTHAMPTON— SaiIed Jan 29— Stmr Paris.
for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Jan 29— Stmr La Gascogne,
! for New York.
j GENOA— Arrived Jan 29— Stmr Werra, from
; New York.
PHILADELPHIA— SaiIed Jan 29— Stmr Bel
! genland. for Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Jan 23— Stmr Lucania,
for New York.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Jan 29— Stmr Western
laml. for New York.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Jan 29— Stmr Wer
j kendam, from New York.
IMPORTATIONS.
SAN DIEGO— Per Queen— l b typewriter, C
bbls dried fish. 3 cs sprup, 13 cs lard, 1 pkg
hardware, 14 pcs granite, 2 bxs tangerines,
I bxs harness, 32 pkga mdse, 14 bxs limes,
1 cs cigars, 3 bxs stationery, 2 crates 11 bxs
starch, 23 bxs grape fruit, 352 bxß lemons,
352 bxs oranges, 14 bxs limes.
Redondo— 3lSo ?ks barley, 1 bdl sail, 12 bxs
lemons, 2 sks chilies, 59 bxs limes, 3 G roll
ers, 63 bxs oranges. 1 cs hosiery, 10 sks ore,
1 bbl groceries, 1 sk corn, 1 cs eggs, 2 bbls
olives, 1 chest tools.
Fort Los Angeles— l cs china goods. 35 bxs
oranges, 7 bxs tomatoes, 4 bxs elect goods,
64 bdls corn husks. 18 sks D chilies. 3 bxs
printing press machinery. 1 wheel. 1 crate
shaft. 1 pulley, 1 cs M babbit. 1 pkg mdse.
1 lot household furniture, 1 refrigerator, 3 cs
chocolate.
Santa Barbara— l bx oranges, 9 bbls mln
water, 4 sks D chilies, 1 pkg mdse, 1 bdl
bag:-. 1 rs cigars, 4 cs wine. 7 bxs grape fruit,
222 Inlls hides and pelts, 15 bbls tallow, 26 bxs
lemons.
Port Harford— 4 dressed calves, 1 dressed
hog, 1 bx D rabbltß, i bxs fish. 1 rs fur
goods, 4 coops chickens, 148 sks bones, 34 cs
eggs. 1 cs hardware, Ifi bxs butter, 1 cs dry
goqds, 1 crt hams, 2 pkgs castings, 1 sk gr
coffee, 2 cs clothing. 25 pkgs mdse, 167 sks
b«ans. Ul6 sks barley. 4 bdls hides.
EUREKA— Per Pomona— 2 bxs fish. 27 rolls
leather, 1044 M shingles, US M ft lumber. 1
pkg lumber, 3 cs egirs, T crt bananas. 1 lot
household furniture. 167 bxs apples, 1 ek coin.
G pkgs express, 1 cs lobsters, 1 bx olives, 1
pkg mdse, 1 sk nets, 1 cs paste, 1 cs hard-
Wiire. 2 kegs 35 bxs butter.
E R & E R R— 1025 sks potatoes, 80 sks
peas, 66 cs condensed milk, 64 bxs butter, 726
bxs apples. 1 pkg mdse. 1 cs shoes, 12 bdls
hides, 56 bxs fish, 3 cs hardware.
CONSIGNEES.
Rt Pomona— A Paladlnl; A C Nichols &
A Fay: Brlgham. Hoppe & Co: Baker &
ikon: S E Whitney & Co: C Leone; City
>t Imp Co; Doiisre. Sweeney & Co: J R
ify & Co: Eveleth & Nash; Garcia &
jinl- Nash & Boessenecker; Goldberg,
»n & Co. H & S Com Co: Standard Oil
Co; J Genros; J i Re«lmon<i; McDonough &
Kunyon; O F T Co: Boott & Van Arsdale L
tS F White- TUlmann & Bender. Wells,
o & Co; B Caito; A Enea; G Camlllonl
j; American X'nion Fish Co: Milani &
J B Inguglia; N Tarantlno; A Fodera:
, Nickelsbun? & Cn; Dairymen's I'nion:
X B HaiKht; Hills Bros; Getz Bros & Co; J
H Newbuuer & Co; J X Armsby & Co: O B
Smith He Co; Norton, Teller & Co; Witzel &
Baker; Russ, Early & Co: Ross & Hewlett:
Hyams & Co; Wheaton, Breon & Co; W B
Sumner & Co; Mitchell & GooUall; Labor Ex
change; Muruhall. Teggart & Co; H Dutard;
Wolf & Sons. Del Monte MllllnK Co.
Per Queen— Sawyer Tanning Co; H Wal
deck; 8 B Rosenberg & Co; Tfllmann & Ben
del- Enterprise Brewery: Chicago Brewery;
Holbn.tk. Merrill & Stetson; Roth, )!lum &
Co; W A Behrock; Wltzel & Baker; Hawley
Bros: Hilnier. Bredhoff & Schulz; Baker &
Hamilton; J H Niwbauer A Co; H Klrch
mann & Co; Marshall & Reimers; Meyer-
Bteta & Co; Pac Bone Coal & Fert Co; F B
H tight; (1 B Smith & Co: H Heckmann &
Co; I^nbor Exchange: Dairymen's T'nion: W
F Mitchell; Geo H Tay; Thos Blam-hfleld: H
QenotUl Brlsham. Hoppe & Co; Geta Bros &
'■ Co; L. Dlnkelsplel; Hills Bros; Western Meat
i Co: C R Allen; Standard Oil ro: Amer T'nlon
1 Fish Co; Sacramento Fish Co; J P. Inguglia:
j A Parmisano: 11 Outard: A PhlUlr>»: Dr C
M Richter: II Clifton; E E Kahn: Thos Pny
& Co: P A McDonald: M Blaskower: J Ivan
covich & Co; E G Lyons « Co: Sunset Tel &
1 Tel Co: Tom Stretch; Crown Distillery Co;
; Goodall, Perkins &• Co; B j x*artrM*e: L Sca
trna & Co: IXL Tamalu Co; H ii J almer; Gen
Fleet Co; HodPvnn-Swan Mffr Co; Francis &
Davis: W H cnrncs; (J C B&lch; West Carb
Acid CJas Co: D GhlrarUclH * Co: I- Ford. Q
I H Peck: Jonns Erlnn.ic«r & Co: Gray & Bar
1 bleri; D E Allison & Co: J AVapn«-r Mfjr Co;
j J H Cain & Co: Davis & Co; R Dorn: Well
' man Peck it Vr>; 1> SpltMtw; Wetmore Bros;
1 Wolf & Sons; Mitchell * Ooodall: E Orls
waUl; Crabb * Gifford: Camiiodonico & Mal-
I colm; Eveleth & Nash: H O Greenhond; A
Levy &• Co: W H Wood; Tnyot. I'pham &
I Co: II M Porteacne: T> Stelner; Dalton Bros:
i S Jacobs: Wieland Bros: Moore, Ferguson ,<fc
! Co: Amor Carb Acid Gas Co: Goo Lloyd; O
C & X Co: L G Sresovich & Co: Frappoli ft:
i Co; Mlnaker & Welbnnks: Armour Packing
Cc\: San Francisco Brewery; Lon* Syrup Co
i UniteU Typewriter & S Co; H McLaughllm.
3132
VOCATIONAL
EDUCATION
A Necessary Supplement
to a General Culture
Course.
Professor Brown Discusses an
Interesting Pedagogical
Problem.
The Need of Improving Present
Methods of Teaching Reading
Emphasized.
Professor Elmer K. Brown of the de
partment of Pedagogy at the Univers
ity of California, in the third of a series
of talks on secondary education yester
day, emphasized the need of a course
of vocational training to supplement
and round out a college course in gen
eral culture. In his remarks, Profes
por "Brown said:
"In a strictly unified educational
system all the work of the grammar
school -would lead directly to the high
school, and all the work of the high
school would lead directly to the uni
versity. Is such a system possible? In
early secondary schools there was a
common foundation in the elementary
pr-hool. The high school offered several
different courses — one, the classical,
leading to the university, and the
others ending with the secondary
schools. A question that is being asked
n<>w is, 'Should every high school
course have a university course cor
related to it and a continuation of it?'
At present a larger part of the high
pchool courses than formerly reach to
the college. To have a fully unified
system, a university course correspond
ing to each high school course, the col
lege entrance requirements must be
broadened and the weak high school
courses strengthened. The question
whether there should be a university
course corresponding to each high
school course is an important and un
settled pedagogical question. Should
there be a college course, for instance,
corresponding: to the present high
school commercial course? The mis
understandings that have arisen in dis
cussing the problem are due in large
measure to the failure properly to dis
tinguish between vocational ajid gen
eraJ culture education. Our colleges of
letters and social science are properly
colleges of general culture. Our courses
in agriculture, chemistry, engineering
and medicine are essentially vocational.
The Lick School and the Commercial
High School of San Francisco are ex
amples of vocational secondary schools.
"Too little importance is at present
attached to vocational education. We
have been afraid of substituting vo
cational learning for general culture,
and this fear is well grounded. But
there is an absolute and pressing need
of training every individual for some
vocation. For the vast majority of
people the course of education is not
completed till it has been rounded out
with strictly w>oational training.
"Below the nigh-school grade voca
tional education is not desirable. If
all children were able to go beyond the
high school, I would be opposed to vo
cational training in the high school.
But many cannot go beyond
or even through the high school,
and hence the necessity for vo
cational training in the high school.
"A good commercial college is need
ed in the community, although I be
lieve the course of such a college should
be strengthened."
Professor Brown resumed his histor
ical survey of secondary education in
America, tracing its evolution from
its first form, the Colonial grammar
school, into its secondary and transi
tional form, the academy of the early
part of the present century.
Mr. T. L. Heaton continued his crit
icisms upon reading as at present
taught in the public schools. He said,
among other things:
"The work of the first two years at
school should consist largely of read
ing. At present too much time is spent
in reading subjects which children do
not understand. It is not sufficient
that the child should be given practice
merely in articulation and pronuncia
tion — he should read understanding^-.
There is such a thing as reading arith
metic, reading an example. The read
ing of an example should not be a mere
mumbling of words, but there should
be emphasis, intelligently placed upon
the important things in the example,
the things given and the thing or
things to be determined. So it is with
geography, history and grammar: until
the pupil can read well he cannot un
derstand well. It is of the utmost im
portance, therefore. that reading
should be thoroughly taught in the
lower grades, in order that other stu
dies may be intelligently studied in the
grades above.
"Punctuation marks are not pauses
in reading, as many still think The
punctuation marks indicate grammati
cal relations, and, while these gram
matical pauses often coincide with the
pauses in the reading, teachers should
be careful not to allow pupils to pause
in the reading every time they encoun
ter a punctuation mark. To assist the
pupils of the lower grades in learning
to pronounce letters and syllables the
letters should be marked phonetically
and the children made familiar with
these phonetic marks "
OPPOSED TO REDUCTIONS
Merchants' Association figainst
Cutting Down the Local
Postal Service.
The proposed reduction of the postal
carrier service in this city and otherwise
crippling the postofflce department was
one of the principal subjects of discussion
at the meeting of the Merchants' Asso
ciation yesterday. The proposed reduc
tions were bitterly opposed by the mem
bers. As a result, the following resolu
tions were adopted and the secretary in-
Ftructed to forward copies to the Post
master General and the California mem
bers of Congress:
Whereas, Information reaches us that
there may be some failure on the part of
Congress- to appropriate sufficient mon
eys to meet the present wants of the pos
tal service; and, whereas, we believe, bas
ing our belief upon personal knowledge
and reliable Information, that a failure
to provide sufficient funds to meet the
needs of the service will necessitate cer
tain reductions and curtailments which
In our judgment, would be detrimental to
the interests of this community and not
compatible with the times; and. whereas
It is the belief of this body that the pos
tal facilities of the country should be in
creased rather than diminished; therefore
be it
Resolved. Th.it In our Judgment the
pest Interests of the community require
that the amounts asked of Congress for
the maintenance of the postal service, as
per estimates made by the First Assistant
Postmaster-General In his last annual
report, should be allowed
Resolved, That we ask our Delegation
Congress to use Its best Influence and
exertion to secure the appropriation of
sufficient moneys to conduct the postal
service without deficiency or reduction.
JUDGE AND LAWYER DISAGREE.
Mas the Former the Right to Dis- j
bar the Latter?
Has a Judge of the Superior Court the
right to disbar an attorney? This is a i
question that will have to be settled by j
the Supreme Court within the next few j
days. It was raised yesterday by an ap- j
plication by ex-Judge E. V. Spencer for j
a writ of prohibition to restrain Superior |
Judge F. A. Kelly of Lassen County |
from pursuing contempt of court proceed- !
ings against the petitioner. A short time
ago the Matthew Haley estate case was
before Judge Kelly, and Spencer made a
motion for a new trial. Accompanying j
his motion was an affidavit, which he
filed, setting forth that be believed that
the Judge had been influenced and im
properly persuaded in favor by counsel ;
for the' opposite side. Also that W. N. j
Goodwin, the counsel referred to. had ar- ;
gued the case before the Judge in pri
vate and in the Judge's chambers, so that j
a fair presentation of the matter was j
not had.
This affidavit aroused the anger of
Judge Kelly, and he cited Spencer to ap- '
pear before him in court on February 1 \
and show cause why he should not be
disbarred. The attorney does not propose
to submit to any such proceedings, and
he filed a petition for a writ of prohibi- j
tion. He contends that the Judge of a
Superior Court has no jurisdiction in dis
barment proceedings: that no cause for
disbarment has hpen shown, and last,
that Judge Kelly has no jurisdiction lnas- j
much as he cannot assume the dual posi- !
tion of prosecutor and Judge of the case, i
GLENBEIGH ATE
POISONED MEAT
What Dr. Creely Found in the
Stomach of the Famous
Pointer.
Howard Vernon Is Now Hot on the
Trail of the Poison
Fiend.
Member? of the Pacific Coast FipM
Trial Club and the sportsmen who wit
nessed the trials at Bakersfleld, just com
pleted, regret very much that the fam
ous pointer. Glenbeigrh. which was poi
soned a few days before the commence
ment of the trials, was not alive when
the all-aped stake was being contested.
As already stated in The Call, there
were not a few people who thought that
some unfair means wore taken with the
object of disposing of the £rand old dog,
and it goes without saying that if the
miscreant who poisoned champion Glen
beigh be discovered he will he given ex
cellent cause to remember the field trials
Of IS9S.
It is a well known fact that the sheep
men who cast out poison for coyotes on
the plains of Bakersfield use strychnine
because of its hasty action.
Those -who scouted the idea' of the dog
having been poisoned by some wretch
who was bribed for that purpose by men
of unscrupulous and degraded minds will
be surprised to learn that chemical analy
ses by Dr. Creely and Mr. Harrington
have disclosed the fact that the dog was
poisoned by arsenic, and Dr. Creely has
stated that it may be half an hour or
two hours— according: to quantity — after
the dog had partaken of the meat before
he would have shown symptoms of poi
soning.
Howard Vernon, who was the owner of
Glenbeigh. intimates that he has a line
on the man who poisoned the dog,
and that if he can obtain the proof he is
now in quest of a grand expose will re
sult, which may implicate people who are
now above the remotest suspicion.
Dr. Creely has stated that he found one
single piece of poisoned meat in the
stomach of the dog. and Chemist Bar
ringrton. who had also analyzed the
stomach, reported that he found four
large pieces of poisoned meat.
Vernon fairly idolized the dog. He will
spare no expense in bringing to Justice
the person or persons who had committed
such a dastardly act. The remains of
old "Glen" were placed in a coffin and
buried within close proximity of Ver
non's residence. The skin is being mount
ed by a taxidermist.
Many of the sportsmen who were pres
ent at the trials did not hesitate to say
that Glenbeigh alive and well would have
added fresh laurels to his large Dumber
of victories by winning the all-aped
stake. His son. Alec C. who is a counter
part of the past champion of champions,
won the derby in handsome style and
should have been honored with a place
In the aJI-aged stake.
■ O'Brien's Patent Spring, best and easi
est riding buggy made. Rubber or steel
tires. O'Brien & Sons, Golden Gate ave
nue and Polk street •
AMONG THE PUGILISTS
Maher May Refuse to Fight Jack.-
son— f^yan Will Be Here
Thursday Everjing.
Joe Choynski is training at the Olympic
Club for his fight with "Tut" Ryan on
the evening of February 10. Ryan is at
a station near the ocean beach, and ac
cording to all accounts he is getting into
splendid shape. The knowing ones, who
are credited with picking winners, are of
the opinion that Ryan will put the Cali
fornian to sleep on this occasion. The
Empire Club is sanguine of having a big
house when "Tut" and Joe shake hands
before the gong sounds for the start.
Tommy Ryan, who is matched by the
National Club to meet George Green will
leave Syracuse, N. V., this evening, and
the club expects to have the pleasure of
seeing him on Thursday. Ryan is an ex
ceedingly clever fellow and a hard
puncher. Green must show marked im
provement since his battle with Wolcott
drubbmg recipient of another good
Young Mitchell has sent several dis
patches to Peter Maher In the hope of
nf,?n rln i? fa . vor ably from the Irish cham
pion, but he has not received a reply as
yet: Mitchell has booked Peter Jackson
for a twenty-round "go" with Maher
There are a few people in this city who
are impressed with the idea that Maher
will draw the color line. Somehow Pet"
is in hard luck. . The heay weights »ay
that he is a dead 'un. but for some reason
best known to themselves they tight shy
of entering the ring with the champion
of Australia and England *-»*«iyion
Fr?nlif CC h Conn°ell? m fock a e7 : ' nSJffie £ n £
BS&Kttb&r 1 c ™ ClUbr ° On? *•
Joe Choynski and "Tut" Ryan ' Tom
Lansing and Henry Baker, Empire Club
Woodward's Pavilion, Thursday, Febr U :
George Green and Tommy Ryan Na
tional Club, Woodward's Pavilion' Frt
day, February 25. H
Peter Jackson and Peter Maher. Occi
dental .. Club. Woodward's Pavilion
Wednesday, March 16. luon '
"Cocker" Tweedle has been foolish
enough to show some people what he is
capable of doing with his fists, and as a
result he is now a 2 to 1 favorite in the
pools. . .
The Merchants' Association.
At a special meeting of the board of di
rectors of the Merchants' Association
yesterday President Dohrmann occupied
the chair and Directors A. S. Baldwin
Charles Bundschu. Josepn D. Grant Hug.,
w 01 " E U yu!nn - Hugv Rothschild.
present Sherwood and A. G. Towne were
The following parties were elected as
regular members of the Association: J.
De La Montanya, Excelsior Glove Com
pany Fairbanks. Morse & Co.. and Union
of ill £ °H mP^r- The Quarterly repon
of the board of directors was adopted to
be submitted at , the quarterly meeting o°
the association to-morrow evening at th
Academy of Sciences Hall. The quest 
hv V>?fh 6 stamps was further considers
by the board and it was decided to mak.
that subject the terl " ™°«£ Vex"
ciission at the quarterly meeting r \
Monday evening. X
Low's Horehound Cough Syrup cure
bronchitis; price 10c. 417 Sansome at. •
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, STJXDAY, JAXFABY 30, 1898.
------^-■----*^-?-*-?*°^---------------^X_-_.__..^^^ !: I hale BROS. \ hale BROS. f HALE BROS. r O
fß+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B«+B+B+B+B+B+B+p+H+B+B+H+Brt+
wT STIRRING TIMES IN ALL DEPARTMENTS! !
V Specially priced clearance lots fixed for speedy selling— Odd sizes—Short ends— Remnants— Fall \
and winter stocks. Worthy stuff of immediate value to you and future hindrance to us. A £
clearance to CLEAR. A veritable mine of bargain nuggets— A boom to bargain-seekers— A cash-bringing, room- ■
making help to us. To-morrow we're ready Here's the list ■
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooocoooooooo '[
i*Wr~\ Household Domestics. Dress Stuffs. If^g^ Hosierv=-Underwear. +
lv_Jj(sj^^4j Home needs were never so cheap. Blankets. Spreads. Sheets. i flutter in Dress Goods circles. I IlkYT^Clltll „ * . *v < * i * a- i .rft«. • +
Wg£Zg£%F Cases. Flannels, etc. Many in clearin 8 lots. Many bought for clear- j Our $4. $4.50 and $5 Fancy Velvets |l< :*y||ll) Cozy garments for these freezy. frosty winter days. Ladies fl
1 >Z!TrPZZi*r ■•'-'■ ance oorr| i n e- Makers pinched for cash. Trade winds Mow our cut to $1.50. A mere incident of II **3^lf f J^L Klondike Underwear and Goldfield Woolen Stockings. Pure as th« +
o^^LjA^^ way. The telegraph. Our man on the spot. We pay cash. A prompt the ravages of clearance rule. fYV*^*^ i eolden fleece of the argonauts. Warm as garments of fur. Worthy jJJ
,' B'^K®\ delivery, and then, for you. at a whisp of a price. That's the story. j j ~j ; ,\\\,^f goods. Clearing at the lowest notch of tiny, speedy-sellingpricelets. ■
|i. IST -<= BJgJ Read the st j FANCY VELVETS-A reduction hard I ' -V ' I W' I' /' "
to be believed. We have taken our g
•vo^i nruurn oiirrTe „a~ ~# ♦».- »-_~.. xr«_ t» , >.... v m.. v a »...» . ' $4.00, $4.50 and $5 OO Fnnev SCHOOL STOCKINGS — Double-knee O1 FOR KLONDIKE — Ladles* Heavy JL,
392* HEMMED SHEETS made of the famous New York Mills muslin. Bleached but not ; v . ' 7T t . ana *?„ • h « ncy : school stockings; black; narrow rib; O3C Equestrienne Tights; closely knit of Z
pure white. That Is the reason we will sell them for less than the cloth can be bought I »eiveis, In stripes and figured de- j sizes 6to BV6. Here a hummer.... Pair heavy worsted yarn; nat-flnished ■
by the yard. It is a bargain in every sense of the word. The quality and workman- j signs, and marked them ; seams; gray or black; keep vcu *|.5O +
ship are excellent. One washing will make them pure white. Very heavy- _ &*-v _« j LADIES' BLACK COTTON HOSE— warm as toast; our $2 25 line. For * ■ g|
50c sheets for single beds, 63x90 inches. weighs 22 ounces 3S>c each * lts ° Yard. Good Egyptian cotton: 40 gauge-JQl^ clearance Pair
65c sheets for \ beds. 72x90 inches, weighs 24 ounces ..44c each i . These velvets are all in swell shad- all sizes; a saving If you 11 1 g
65c sheets for full size beds. 90x90 Inches, weighs 33 ounces 50c each '" p f , and T^ yei T . Btyllsh for fancy lalteu alr FOR KLONDIKE— Knit TJn- +
Do not confound these sheets with the cheaper quality. morrow mornfng"'^ tvolTlhe "crowd" ™>™£ M ™?° meTtt^nAoun^^^lrmTr end'fOT ■
orn Urn PMrmr kvpn T^ Natural gray; Jersey ribbed; fleeced; «Q f a co.d climate; sh.rts^r drawers Each +
OUR tf 50 EMPIRE EVEN- crochet neck and. front; drawers to |Q r a cold climate, shirts or drawers.... Each g.
NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, nice for t WHITE WOOL BLANKETS-These ING SILKS, in cream, light I E?rt« h * Here " s a snap at scarce a** it. vr .TW T jthi^' *Tnn~™rß-.Ti* am , JL
bedrooms. We've cut 'em close to cost to blankets are not perfect. They are blue Nile. pink, lilac, etc.. prlce Garment KLONDIKE LADIES STOC^NGS-Heavy- +
close. . manufacturers' "swnds." • A han- 22 Inches wide, the entire *l-5O lAI) 7F<!' wnnr M^n vtt=t«s J^ n «^ «t™ w^- vp^ sirvW-wl- H
CASHMERF FI AVN'ELS eood rat ' elegant b «iTk In^delicAte GENTS' MERINO SOCKS-A wear- KLONDIKE LADIES' STOCKINGS- • ■
tern« for house wminf^T lark evening Shades- a chanc! *«OO able sock; good and heavy; double fA r Pure California wool; very heavy; Ptr| r +
SC'SJSra 6c TET.f-SSr J3°S22\9Bc R^3^~*..^ .!^ arrffl— &c& c gsfe-g-aaag-^s:.^^ ?
8 l-3c line to close Yard saving for wise folks Each " ' 9
n »™» ro^ M^ = SjfSST- I^-- Agate Ware From the Bazaar. *
LINEN TOWELING, unbleached. INDIGO BLUE PRINTS. 27 Inches Enamel Ware at Tin Ware Prices. No Mistake. Just as Printed. , .+
nTa^ng tnt r ab [ P owe,t ? a rb ; n reat TSta 7C ££' Z^X^ an^ V^Z] 5C £^S&5 3- q uart Steel Enameled Coffee Pots. IV, inches high, 35c line: special 25c each ■ \
value to close at Yard our popular 6V«c line to close at Yard '"'" " *1 00. - *! 25 and $1 50 3-quart Steel Enameled Tea Pots, 1 A inches high, 35c line; special 25c each J
: , an '.}' ,™;, halr s . ultln X!'. 4 5_._, Heavy Steel Enameled Soup Ladle, very strong, 9c line special 5c each ■
this seasons bV-'t B °sTyles 75C 10-inch Steel Enameled Cake or Bread Pans, fine for cooking, 15c line ; special.lOc each "JL.
A COMMOTION IN NOTIONS your pick until sold ■ Yard Q: 2- in c Steel Enameled Saucepan, lipped; here's a snap; 35c line: special. each T
nvlIV/nv * T\, a . a „,«„,„„„„ T77T - „. . . 10-qt. Steel Enameled Saucepan, lipped, too big for ordinary use, 60c line: for. 3sc each i
Here's a Tip veTSion " aIUM Wl " bear ln " 0-inch Jelly-Cake Tins-these are tins the 5c ones to close \3c each ■
WHITE BASTING COTTON—6O yards PZf* i KNITTING SILK - Large spools; 8-quart Stamped Tin Dishpans; these are good and strong. 10c each ZJ
on a spool; 600 dozen spools on sale O^ cream, black, white, light blue A **> COMBINATION CLEARANCE IN . *?
this week at Dozen pink, lavender, Nile, yellows, greens, T-C DRESS GOODS. We have taken 4 LEMONADE SETS REDUCED— Too bulky to I JARDINIERES AT SPECIAL SALE— J
old rose Spool lots from 42 to 50 inches wide to j carry over; we must have room; strong re- A fine line of glazed jardinieres to be X
close as one. ; auctions to effect a speedy clearance, 6 closed out; we have taken several -§.
CLARK'S O. N. T. SPOOL COTTON HEAVY TWILL CUSHION COVERS }' '' J" We— Bayadere Mohair Suitings. ; glasses and a pitcher comprise a set: lots selling at $1 and $125 in va- »7Kf. ■
—2c a spool: that sounds cheap, but —Prettily tinted- 22 Inches square- |ff_ ,',:• -- ~2. " .", x w ,i- ra . i Suitings. our $1 sets marked to close at 50c rious patterns and reduced them for lOv ™
there is only half as much thread «>« a goodly lot of pretty patterns; the lOC j'l 5' i^Z?."^"s h^^ > « r }?l „. Our $1 75 sets marked t0 close at * a °° thls eek to Each +
as on an ordinary spool; black or 2.,, ones. To close Each n>c— rancy mamma suitings. ;. ■ m\
white; numbers 24 to 60 Spool Your choice from these . ■-_■■.■.-, ' t'm'' _ . y,« « +
.— A^f^^iJ ■^r:, 4 5c 55c Yard. Four^Strong Reductions in Cloaks. a
LADIES' SHELL-BACK HAIR OR- =»-► terns. On the tables all week at.... Yard — ■ — ALL WOOL TAILOR MADE SUITS— STORM COLLAR BEAVER CLOTH i '
MENTS— Black or shell Ov- _ All wool covert cloth, fly front, satin CAPES— Marten fur around collar ■
. A RIBBON FLUTTER. FULL OF // y\ <s^~?\ ' lined, full skirt, perfect flt, there * -4.98 and down front, prettily embroid- »S.nO +
PAVING- 2000 yards of No. |(1 inch C// // / <^S Isn't a Tightness missing; careful "P*x ered. full sweep, 20 inches long, the v*3 eg
35c HOSE SUPPORTERS- Satin gored ChCZ n i wide) Moire Taffeta Ribbon, in -_ 7/V> /i? / /KVS)-'/ workmanship Suit kind we sold for $7 50: to close Each ■"
belt; blue, black, red, pink, yellow. Atlt greens, heliotrope, purple, lavender. RT/-* > C \/ ILJ si \/f \s\^si/ S IJ7 / *
The line to close Pair i light blue. pink. scarlet, cerise and ol / , ' — *""^ W • » \*s *"* ' BROCADED SILK SKIRTS — Rich ■
white. To be on rale at Yard / f INCORPORATED J black brocaded silk skirts, elegant HEAVY ROUGH BOUCLE JACK- +
v * patterns in a deep, luxurious black, ETS— velvet inlaid storm col- M
CHILDREN'S SCHOOL HANDKER- Q^ | BLACK MOIRE RIBBON— 1« inch*^ p-/-» 937-945 MARKET STREET seven gored, velvet bound, tailor fin- *«7.50 lar, fly front, a very pretty effect. 4 85 ■
chiefs— Colored border; narrow hem; OW wide; an extra quality and all pure 91/ «•>•»*- jgh the k(nd we gold for 10; to** a leader here at $7 50; and now to »O T
good for school. On sale Each I silk. They tumbled from 10 to Yard I SAN FRANCISCO. close Each close at Each B
NEWS OF THE MINES.
Great Proclamation of
Several Wide-Awake
Mining Counties.
There Are Good Prospects for
the Industry in Wash
ington and Likewise
in Oil Fields.
Several of the mining counties have he
stirred themselves in an intelligent way
to reap all the benefit possible from the
great advertising opportunities of the Min
ing Fair and their big exhibits will be one
uf the chief attractions. Nevada Coun
ty has used $300 of the $2000 given by the
supervisors to publish an illustrated de
scriptive pamphlet. 1^ Is a pity that some
of the best and liveliest newer mining
sections are poorly represented, if at all.
The general central truth which Ne
vada County, with a total gold product of
$212,000,000, will keep to the front with a
wealth of detailed information attending
it Is thus expressed by the Nevada City
Transcript:
Notwithstanding the fact that no
other por ion of the world of equal
area has produced as much gold dur
ing the past forty-nine years as has
Nevada County, no other section offers
so majiy Inducements to-day for the
safe and remunerativs investment of
capital in mining. * , ».
There are miles upon miles of rich
gold-bearing quartz and gravel depos
its that have been scarcely prospect
ed Good timber abounds on every
hand. Ditches carrying an abundance
of water for power and washing
thread their way at frequent intervals
through every district, and electric
power is supplied to many of the
mines of Nevada City and Grass Val
ley, in which districts one of the larg
est electric power companies in the
west is operating with marked success.
This can be said of a mining region in
this State nearly 1000 miles long, and the
proclaiming of it to the world is the chief
end of the great Mining Fair.
THE MINERS WAIT MORE HOPE
FULLY ON CONGRESS NOW.
Prospects gradually brighten for those
three chief matters of national legisla
tion in which California miners are inter
eg t e< 3_a department of mines and mining,
the debris dams and the mineral lands bill
—behind all of which the active forces of
the California Miners' Association are at
w.irk.
The members of the Trans-Mlsslsslppl
Congress committee on a department of
mines failed to appear last week for the
conference called by Chairman Tlrey L.
Ford. Mr. Ford and the local commit
tee have, however, been meeting, and
an argument showing the need of a de
partment of mines will soon be printed.
Hon. Lafe Pence, of the similar commit
tee appointed by the International Gold
Miners' convention, is laboring for the
measure in Washington. The friends of
rhe measure In Congress are endeavoring
to make terms with the friends of the
measure to create a Department of Com
merce and Industry, and their trading
strength may help the cause. There Is
~very prospect that there will be a bu
reau of mines. If not a separate depart
rvnt, within a year.
The committee on dams, of the State
Association, will soon forward to Chief
if Enginers Wilson a communication ex
plaining the misunderstood relations be
tween the State and Congressional appro
priations. It seems probable that during
the year the government engineer will
ffect the gratifying progress of getting
he plans for the restraining dams ready.
HE OIL FIELDS OF CALIFORNIA
SEE THE BEGINNING OF
GREATNESS.
The present year promises to see a very
large development of the oil and asphalt
production of the State. The oil fields !
are already second in mineral impor
tance in this State, with but a small be
ginning in their development. During the :
year prospecting for oil has been three
times as active as two years ago. and
boring for oil all along the coast will be i
one of the features of IS9B.
California petroleum is chiefly valua
ble as a fuel, and the future market for
It in Pacific regions where coal Is dear is |
limitless. The establishment of beet j
sugar factories :s one thing that is stim
ulating the search for oil. Prospecting |
for oil is being eagerly pursued about the
Chlno factory, and the factories of Mon
terey County arc spurs to the search in
that region. The Southern Pacific and
the Santa Fe railroad companies are both
vigorously prospecting on the railroad
lands in Southern California in search of
a cheap fuel supply. The manufactur
ing Industry' of Pan Francisco and the
bay region presents a future market for
an immense output. ' The trouble with
the market in this direction Is that until
the supply becomes adequate and perma
nent and there Is an assurance of stable
prices manufacturers will not risk the
expense of adapting their power plants
to oil consumption. When producing
fields are multiplied, production made
abundant and supply and price can be
safely calculated on San Francisco will
undoubtedly become a great consumer of
fuel oil. which should cost but half as
much as coal per horsepower. It already
consumes several thousand barrels a
month.
Oil deposits occur throughout the coast
region from i umboldt County south in
conjunction with the widespread sand
stones and unaltered shales. Oil seepages
may he observed throughout this region,
but in so few places onve prospecting
drills been put down that oil experts are
Justified in saying that prospecting has
hardly begun and that the present annual
product of about 1,000.000 barrels Is slight
compared with the certain production of
the future.
The original Indications, which, when
followed, resulted In the discoveries of
the Los Angeles and Summerland fields,
were no more noticeable than hundreds
of others yet disregarded. Boring for
water discovered the oil supply at Sum
merland. A slight oil seepage in the city
of Los Angeles prompted a man to bore
a little way for luck. His results prompt
ed boring elsewhere, and an oil excite
ment followed. It cannot be doubted that
many reservoirs of oil as great or greater
than that under Los Angeles are hidden
along the coast range awaiting the lucky
blows of drills.
The chief discovery of the year has
been near Coallnga. Fresno County,
which is already producing quite largely
from three or four good wells. About
$150,000 has been expanded in drilling
there, and Oil City probably has a large
future. The Los Angeles field keeps up
its production and Is being extended. The
Oil Producers' Association there is suc
ceeding well in keeping the price up to
$1 a barrel and in retaining most of the
producers in its membership. The re
ceipts of oil by the trustees In December
were 39,340 barrels. Storage capacity for
60.000 barrels will soon be ready. Ship
ments from Los Angeles to San Fran
cisco are now about 10.000 barrels month
ly. The Standard Oil Company is report
ed to be trying to secure contracts for
the delivery of oil. and there !s specula
tion as to the intentions of the monopoly.
THE FARMER-MINER AS HE FLOUR
ISHES INT A CALIFORNIA
PARADISE.
One of the items of mining news re
ported in the interior papers during the
week relates to more gold nuggets, and
also to that interesting and often blessed
class of people scattered through the au
riferous mountains, the farmer-miners.
The National Bulletin of Quincy. Plumas
County, says: "D. M. Butterfield of Squir
rel Creek recently brought to Quincy ten
gold nuggets, taken from his mine, one
of them worth $41.
This Mr. Butterfield used to be a plain,
working miner, living in Oroville. and
earning wages at his trade as he could.
He wisely concluded to be independent
and away up on Squirrel Creek, in the
sierras of Plumas County, twelve miles
from Quincy. h.j found a • atch of creek
bottom, which, with bits of abutting
mountain side, he has made into a fine
mountain ranch, and where he has es
tablished a romantic and comfortable
home. The ranch bountifully supplies
the cabin table and he has had plenty of
time for prospecting. He has found profit
in working a placer mine, as is evidenced
l>y the ten gold nuggets he has just
brought to town to help pay for sugar
and coffee, ammunition, fishhook?, and
likely enough new boots for the boys.
This is just a little commonplace in
stance, illustrating one Interesting phase
of the mining Industry in California. Be
cause the mining regions of California,
all along the Sierras and across the
northern part of the State, are splendidly
wooded and watered, are blessed with
fine climate, and present fertility in every
cubic yard of alluvial soil, thousands of
people have found such homes, while
turning to mm :ig as their chief hope and
business. Some are located near markets
and sell something of the products of
farm and orchard, while pegging away at
some little placer or quartz mine; "but
thousands more have and want no mar
kets.
Here and there along swift mountain
rivers and rivulets flowing through nar
row canyons are little homes wherever a
few square rods or a few acres of bench
or bottom land have been left by a wind
ing stream. Just a little hard work
means an abundance of vegetables and
fruit for the home and hay for a horse
and cow in winter. They are ten to forty
miles from a town, often as far from a
wagon road and near or far is the next
neighbor. From mountain roads or moun
tain trails that wind high along canyon
slopes one looks far down on these se
cluded, picturesque little spots nestling
by a foaming stream and shut In by tow
fring heights. There is trout by the door
and game in plenty in the hills.
It Is a miner or prospector who lives in
such a royal home. The fruit and wheat
markets trouble him not. He and the
wife and the boys tend to the agricul
tural business as it suits them and to
the fresh meat. Once in weeks or months
there is a trip to town with a pack mule,
perhaps. From this home the lord of the
cabin goes out through the surrounding
hills prospecting and doing assessment
work on claims that have been located
or to dig In a placer claim that he Is
working, or to wield pick and drill in a
quartz claim he is working away at in
a small way. The dust and nugget*
cleaned up from the placer are stowed
away in tin cans in cracks or behind
the wood-box by the "old woman." and
they are worth about $18 an ounce at any
store or bank. ' If operating capital is
small, perhaps enough gold to keep things
going is pounded out of quartz ore with
a mortar and pestle. Some such miners
are operating in partnership with a neigh
bor, and others operate on a scale that
enables them to hire one or more men
for wages.
This Is the life of hundreds of Califor
nia prospectors and miners. Many have
been at it this way for years— hunting and
working, working and hunting. The hone
of a strike Is never-failing and reasonable
and it often comes at last. Whether the
mine and the little fortune comes alone
or not, there is comfort In the home and
clear eyes, strong limbs and bounding
blood for all the family. There is peace
and hope, opportunity, pleasure and com
fort that struggling poor in town and city
do not know. *
Away back in the wooded and watered
mountain slopes of Kern County there
has been living ami working alone for
thirty years an old cook, who left the sea
to go there. Ho has a mine or two of
low-grade quartz, a crude arrastra. cabin
a potato patch and a burro. He is vet
pegging contentedly away, grinding out a
few dollars for coffee and tobacco and
expects to die there alone. Such bachelor
miners are many. On the other hand
hundreds of women In such homes go out
to prospect and mine. too. and hunt
There are more women prospectors and
miners in the , hills than ', most people
dream of.
Three years ago a man by the name of
\an f Ness found himself broke and his
family hopeless in San Jose. He gave un
the hopeless city struggle. and went to the
Trinity mountains. He camped on a little
garden patch by the old Oregon stage
road. near Dobles road house, and went
wortKo OOO 15 " HC f ° Und pockets and is
There are many miner-farmers who can
farm for the market, and who farm in the
spring and summer and ' mine in winter
This is especially a practice In Southern
Oregon. These observations. suggest the
opportunities which the mining regions of
California offer to any industrious and in
telligent man or family. Ability to work
and , a small grub stake . may give any
struggler from 75 cents to $2 a day wash-
Ing gravel In many regions. Beyond this
are chances for such homes and such
lives of independence ' and there are the
larger 'possibilities to feed hope and am
bition. California Is ouo parajils© of
the world for the prospector and the
miner.
NOTES OF THE FIELD.
The bis Golden Jubilee edition of the
Mining and Scientific Press, which was
issued yesterday, is one of the handsom
est special numbers ever issued by a tech
nical journal and is of exceptional inter
est to the general reader as well as to the
expert miner and the pioneer. Inside the
artistic cover the pages are filled with
illustrations, some interesting as exposi
tions of mining processes and many being
reproductions of old woodcuts illustrating
the mining life of the Argonauts. Two
pages are given to a valuable paper on
"The Mother Lode of California," by Ross
E. Brown, and the origin and evolution
of the California stamp mill is described
by C. P. Stanford. "Recollections of Cali
fornia Mining Life." bountifully illustrat
ed, runs through seven pages, and among
other features of special interest are,
"The beginning of Quartz Mining In Cali
fornia." by Almarin B. Paul, and "Gold
Formations in California," by W. H.
Storms. The reliability ajid high charac
ter which have given this old journal a
world-wide reputation provide a large
part of the value of this special number.
The Boston and Fantasma Milling and
Mining Company's now ten-stamp mill at
Victor, San Bernardino County, is com
pleted.
During the week kinetoscope pictures
of actual operations of some big hydrau
lic and quartz mines in Nevada County
have been taken. These life-like repro
ductions of mining scenes will be one of
the features of the Mining Fair.
The Manzanita hydraulic mine at
French Corral, Nevada County, has se
cured a permit to operate from the De
bris Commissioners, and is actively re
pairing the old restraining dam in Sweet
land Creek and otherwise preparing for
resumption.
I. Haas of Nevada City has bought a
third interest In the old Alta-California
placer mine in Nevada County.
The new mill at the Kirkham mine. Ne
vada City, will begin operations this week
A milling test of ore from the Round
Mountain mine, Nevada County, gave $12
a ton in free gold, and the* mine promises
to be a valuable one.
One of the developments In Calaveras
County last week was that of $50 rock
taken out on the Ayers ranch, on the
Nixon road. Three tons crushed gave this
promise of another good mine. A tunnel
: will be run to tap the vein at a depth
of 150 feet. '
The mine and mill at the Grand Vic
toria, El Dorado County, started last
week after an idleness of several months
An English company has bought the prop
erty. V v
A mill is to be erected at the Sell mine
Tuolumne County. Another one will be
built at the Grizzly, where there is a
12-foot vein, v
Eighty stamps are dropping and 600
men are employed in the lively Gallvan
district. Riverside County.
Thirteen Placer County hydraulic mines
now have permission to operate but ow
ing to the scarcity of water but three are
now running.
As the result of expert reports, opera
tions will ■be resumed on the Trevaskls
mine, on Red Hill. Nevada County, by
l h rf™ °v Ch c .°mpany now owning it. About
Soot h shaft. the PaSt - me out of the
Richard Graves is following the lead in
the famous Blue Jay pocket mine In Cof
ee^ t i. r ! eek .- ln * par n of more big nuggets.
and his brother John has built a needed
sawmill near the mouth of Coffee Creek.
The milling plant at the South Eureka
•JPt^ mm i ad °L Count >-. is now in opera
tion with electrical power from the big
?. * c «, ea plant - which will soon be
region power to many mines in that
«f •***% weeks $3 f oo has been taken out
of the Tansy pocket mine, near Sonora.
In which a $40,000 pocket was found a few
months ago.-
JUMPED OVERBOARD.
Unknown Man Sought a Refuge
From Despondency in the
Waters of the Bay.
As the ferry steamer Kncinal was
abreast of Goat Island on her 2:25 after
noon trip across the bay yesterday a
man jumped off the deck into the water.
The alarm was at once given, and C. R.
Palmer, mate of the steamer, manned a
boat with a couple of sailors and re
covered the unconscious body of the man.
Fortunately there were several doctors
ana medical students on boar4—i?r3.
Davis, Baird, Hayes, Reifkogel and Medi
cal Students Summers and Smith. They
worked upon the inanimate form for two
round trips, using the most approval
modern methods of restoring asphyxiated^
subjects, and, while their efforts were
eminently successful from a scientific
point of view, the man failed to come to
life, and the body was taken to tho
Morgue.
The deceased had the appearance of a '.
laborer. He was of large frame and
weighed about 200 pounds. A nickel watch
with a plated chain and 75 cents were
all the property found on his person. The
advertising card of J. Sheanon, grocer,
248 Fourth street, was found in one of him
pockets.
Judgment for Proda.
The report of United States Commis
sioner Manley in favor of the plaintiff for
$933 and costs in the case of Joseph
Proda vs. the steamer Captain Weber,
was confirmed yesterday by United State*
District Judge De Haven.
German soldiers each carry a four
ounce religious book, and the British
soldier carries a pound of sacred 'litera
ture^
NEW TO-DAY.
*? -«-»-»-»-»- -o-»-a-w-»-
0 "THE CREDIT HOUSE." ¥
I Six Stories High. O
I It 1 I
I Lots of Rocker comfort 7 -
I — Cane seat, wide arms, V
spindles. Neat « .
£ bit of carving ..... $l_ h
! turned spindles. Cheaper, than «
bit of carving $r_ «
Hardwood Beds — Cheaper than T
« pine; three-quarter 5ize......... re
Triumph Folding-Beds, big enough I
T for two adults. Full size $7.25 T
V Six-foot Extension Dining Table, V •
A Large enough for family of eight iL *
T $2.45 T
CARPET DEPARTMENT. X
Hassocks,. nice large ones, covered T
! .in a of patterns and colors, rf
Hassocks, nice large ones, covered T
in a variety of patterns and colors. «
While they 1a5t..... 25c T"
Our Carpet Stock is worth looking T
£ at. Welcome. ■ ! *
1 FRIEDMAN & CO. «
L 233-233-237 Post Street * T
V 130-132-134 Morton Street. »
A Near Stockton. Open Evenings. I-