VOLUME LXXXni.-JfO 4 '5:5.
WAS CLARK IN
LOVE WITH HIS
BROTHER'S WIFE?
The Widow of the Dead Man Advances
a Possible Motive for the
Murder.
BITS FROM THE NAPA TRAGEDY.
BT. HELENA, Jan. 21.— The officers
are gradually linking the chain of evi
dence that may convict George Willard
Clark of t' c murder of his brother,
William, here yesterday morning. The
nee against the accused man is
accumulating rapidly, and the officers
are positive of his guilt.
After George Clark had been placed
in Jail the officers made a search of his
room and found, among other things, a
box of cartridges of the same caliber
us the ;!stol found at the feet of the
murdered man on the morning of the
tragedy, with only five shells mis-sing
from the box. There was also dis
closed a sheet of paper, carefully fold
ed. The officers examined it and found
It to be an alleged statement from W.
A. dark to his family, declaring that
he was about to commit suicide, that
he was tired of life, and that a pack
age of strychnine would be found
back of the clock in the sitting room
and a box of cartridges in the base
ment of his house. Written on the
margin of the paper were the words:
"George is innocent."
The officers took the statement and
went to the dead man's house, where
they found the package as directed.
They learned that George Clark had
been in the house on Wednesday, and
had been alone in that room for ten or
fifteen minutes. A trip Into the base
ment did not reveal anything except
fresh shoe tracks In the dust, which
correspond in size with the muddy
shoes of the accused. A trip was made
by the officers from Dr. Osborne's gate
up Kearney street to Madrone avenue,
and thence to the home of the Clarks
on Railroad avenue. Tracks were
found in the mud, into which the shoes
worn by George Clark were carefully
placed. They fitted perfectly.
The most telling evidence against the
prisoner is a statement by the widow
of his victim to the effect that he had
on several occasions asked her if she
would marry him if her husband were
dead. Mrs. Clark says, also, that her
brother-in-law made improper ad
vances to her.
George Clark was seen by The Call ■
correspondent shortly after his arrest
and made the fallowing statement:
"I am entirely inocent of any knowl- j
edge of the circumstances of my broth- j
er's death. On "Wednesday morning ',
until between 10 and 11 I spent the time
about town. When going up Iklaln j
ptreet about 11 o'clock I met Dr. Os
borne, and he asked when I was go
ing to pile Borne wood for him. I said
I would go up at once. This I did and
worked on the wood until noon, when I
•went Into my little cottage on the doc
tor's premises and prepared and ate j
my dinner. After that I went over to I
my brother's house and asked my sis- j
ter-ln-law to let me take the little boy. i
George, to the doctor's while I flnis'"^ i
The San Francisco Call
the work. George accompanied me and ;
I piled wood until about 3 o'clock, when
I took the boy home again. I then
spent the time about town until 5:30, i
when I grot my supper. About 7:30 j
o'clock I went to the Advent Church to
attend prayer meeting. When it was
over I went directly to my room and to
bed and did not leave until awakened j
by the doctor and Marshal Johnson !
about 7 o'clock Thursday morning."
George has been very unfriendly with :
his brother for some time. He boarded j
with William most of the time of late
years. Their father in the East, hear- \
ing of th** family troubles, sent for
George, who went back and lived with
his parents for a short time. He re- i
turned to St. Helena and again took
up his residence with his brother, and
remained there until a few weeks ago.
About this time William Clark found
a very strong dose of strychnine in his
coffee — enough to kill several men. He
directed suspicion to his brother George
and gave him strict orders to leave the
premises and not return.* George
begged to be permitted to remain, but
wag met with a firm refusal. He has
since been living on Dr. Osborne's
place.
Mrs. Clark, the widow of the mur
dered man, says George was always
cranky and disagreeable, and made
himself an enemy of his brother. He
was a religious fanatic, having joined
the Methodists, the Salvation Army,
the Methodists again and then the Ad
ventists. George says that his brother
A BROTHER SHOT
IN COLD BLOOD.
Companion Atrocity to the Awful Crime
at Napa Which Has Given the
State a Shock.
YREKA, Jan. 21. — Morris Cronin, a mining man, shot and fa
tally wounded his brother this afternoon about four miles below
Sawyers Bar. The brothers had been on unfriendly terms for
some time, having had trouble over a mining claim.
About 3 o'clock this afternoon Morris Cronin met his brother
Patrick on the trail between Sawyers Bar and the latter's claim
and shot him three times — through the groin, in the neck and in
the leg.
The doctor who was summoned has pronounced the wounds
fatal, and the brother who did the shooting gave himself up this
evening. Sheriff Hobbs has sent a deputy over the mountain to
bring the prisoner to Yreka.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATfKDAY, JANUARY 22, 1898.
committed suicide, but can give no mo
tive fur the deed.
Dm < >phnrne and MeCuj-dy held nn
autopsy on the body at William (Mark
and located the ballet. It entered Just
over the left eye and went through the
skull to the depth of three-quarters of
an inch, and was badly flattened.
The funeral will be held to-morrow
at 1 o'clock from the family residence.
It is expected that many new and
startling facts will be disclosed' at the
Coroner's Inquest, which will be held
to- morrow.
CLARK GROWS NERVOUS.
The Murder Suspect Passes a Sfeepfess
Night in Napa's Jail.
XAPA. Jan. 2L— George Willard
Clark, the suspected murderer of his
brother, William dark, passed a rest
less night in the County Jail. He tossed
upon his bed and slept but little. With
the passing of time the signs of guilt
noticeable In his manner seem to In
crease. This morning he was nervous
and seemed to be in great distress of
mind. He ate a light breakfast. Slowly
but surely is the chain of evidence
tightening about the man, and the
opinion seems general that the hang
man at San Quentin will have another
task to perform, with Clark as the sub
ject.
The reputation of George Clark will
count against him. He was not held
high in public estimation even before
Continued on Second I'age.
EVEN DOLE
IS TALKING
OF FAILURE
What Will Happen if
Annexation Is
Beaten.
He Thinks the Present
Form of Government
Will Be Continued.
Sentiment Ib Strongly Against
Extending the Franchise to
Chinese and Japs.
•
FACTS ALREADY KNOWN
The Prfsident of the United States
Prepares to Receive the Presi
dent of Hawaii.
Bp*clal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 21.— A Her
ald special from Washington
says: A new plan has been pro
poaed for th<" prompt annexation
"f Hawaii in the event of the
failure of th-"* annexation treaty
in the Senate. It contemplates
the incorporation of the Morgan
bill, looking to annexation, into
the consular and diplomatic
appropriation bill. In this form
consideration of the bill could
not be prevented by Speaker
Reed.
Senator Davis. Senator Mor
pan and oth-=»r advocates of an
nexation Ft ill believe the treaty
will be ratified, and that it will
not be necessary to resort to
annexation by legislation.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21.— The repre
sentatives of the President and of the
United States Government who will re
ceive President Dole, Assistant Secre
tary Oridler, Major Helstand and Lieu
tenant-Commander Phelps, left Wash
ington at 7:45 b.'rlcw-k Ibki --rninir for
Chlcaaro: '"They *tvere*ii&cbnipamed by
Mr. Hatch, the Hawaiian Minister.
The details for the reception of Presi
dent Dole in Washington are und»r ar
rangement. It has been settled that
the dinner to be plven by the President
In honor of his visitor shall take place
on Tuesday. February 1, which hap
pens to be the first open date of the
President's calendar after the arrival
of President Df'le, next Wednesday.
SALT LAKE. Utah. Jan. 21.— A spe
cial to tho Tribunp from Rawlina, Wyo.,
says: President Sanford B. Dole, Pres
ident of the Hawaiian republic, and
his party passed through h^re this
evening en route to Washinet-m.
Mr. Dole was questioned concerning
the purpose of his visit and the chances
for securing annexation. He said he
preferred not to talk for publication on
annexation matters while the question
was directly before Oontrr. >ss. He had
1 n sont \>r the United States by the
Council of State because it was tho
general desire of Influential men of Ha
waii that he should come- for the pur
pose Of conferring with the Hawaiian
delegation at Washington and with
President McKinley and the officers of
his administration.
If it was desired he was prepared to
give all the Information <m Hawaiian
affairs at his command to these officers.
Concerning the franchise in Hawaii.
President Dole said the sentiment was
strongly aeainst extending it to Japa
nese and <"hlnose residents.
In the event of failure to secure an
nexation. President Dole thought the
present form of government would be
• '•ntinued. The growth and the com
mercial importance of the islands
would be greatly retarded If annexa
tion should fall. Should the treaty be
ratified the close relations would afford
great opportunities for American capi
tal and labor on the Islands.
ROBBERY ENDS
IN HIS DEATH
A Notorious Arizona Gambler
Shot and Fatally Wounded
by a Miner.
The Shooter a Man Whom He Had
"Held Up" and Robbed of
His Earnings.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WHITE HILLS, Ariz., Jan. 21.— A
shooting affray occurred here last even
ing which will probably result in the
death of William Neelan, a gambler, who
lias been terrorizing the town for some
time. Last night he accosted John Brown,
a miner employed by the White Hills
Mining and Milling Company, as Brown
was coming from his cabin, and said:
"Have you a gun?"
Brown replied: "No."
Then Neelan ordered: "Throw up your
hands," emphasizing it by pointing a re
volver at Brown. The latter immediately
complied. Neelan then relieved Brown of
about $20 and escaped.
Brown borrowed a revolver and went up
town, where he found Neelan at a faro
table, and shot five times at him. one bul
lot striking him in the left breast. Inflict
ing a fatal wound.
Brown was arrested and taken to King
man.
Guilty of Grand Larceny.
SAN JOSE, Jan .21.— Isaac lrwin. who
attempted to murder and rob Farmer E.
A. Brown of Hollister, to-day pleaded
gruilty to a chargo of gTand larceny. Ha
will be sentenced on Tuesday by Judge
STRIKES THE
LOOTERS OF
LOS ANGELES
H. W. PATTON.
SLEW HIM FOR THE
GOLD HE WAS SAID
TO HAVE HOARDED
Body of an Aged and Wealthy
Washington Farmer Found
Half=Covered by Snow
in His Hogpen.
SEATTLE. Jan. 21.— A horrible mur
der came to light to-day in Whitman
County, this State. The victim was
Dan Cailand, an aged bachelor farmer,
who lived near Seltice Junction. He
was killed In his house and his body
afterward thrown into his hog pen.
When the body was found to-day it
wa? covered by snow, there being every
Indication that the crime had been com
mitted several days ago.
Two boys from Fnrmington went to
Calland's farm to-day to trado sleds with
him and found the door of the house
open and snow drifted in upon the floor.
Oalland's fixe seemed nearly starved.
The boys were frightened and re
turned to Farmington. wber* tbey told
NEWS OF THE DAY.
„
"Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Cloudy on Saturday, with un
settled conditions Saturday night;
southerly winds.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco M degrees
Portland 41 d>?srees
Los Angeles IB degrees
San Diego i 6 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
The Napa Tragedy.
Even Dole Talks of Failure.
Parricide for a Mining Claim.' ■
Los Angeles Water War.
A Most Atrocious Murder.: '•
SECOND PAGE.
Elmer Saved by the Police. '.
Changes Made at Stanford. ■
Why White Was Cho»en..
No Dob Safe at Fresno. -
THIRD PAGE.
Judge McKenna'Conflrmed.
Trouble Feared at Havana. *-"
Ohio Bribery Scandal. . ,
A Bully's Last Robbery.
California Democrats at.Work.
Serious Trouble for France.
Japan Prepared for War.
FOURTH PAGE.
Congress at Work.
Hlllman Case Settled.
Klondike Commission Arrives.
• FIFTH PAGE.
Drilling for the Jubilee Parade.
News Along the Water Front.
Dynamite In Chinatown.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
Take a Vote.
The Postal Service.
Lessons of the Los Angeles Fire.
In the Near Future.
Only Another Yellow. Trick.
A Populist Amendment.
The Throne of Menelik.
Stories From the Corridors.
Answers to Correspondents.
SEVENTH PAGE.
A New Water Tower.
Medical Schools at War.
Sheehan Says He Can Explain.
Charges Against Recorder tilynn.
Faith Cure and the I.aw.
Thieves in a Vacant House.
EIGHTH PAGE. '
Expose of the Examiner.
NINTH PAGE.
News of All Kinds of Sport.
TENTH PAGE.
The Commercial World.
ELEVENTH PAGE.
News From Across the Bay.,
TWELFTH PAGE.
A New Trick of Footpads.
Racing in Oakland. *
THIRTEENTH PAGE.
Births, Marriages and Deaths.*
FOURTEENTH PAGE. ■ .
Burglars Secure Jewelry.
Fltigerald and His Coolies. .
New Tear's Day ' in Chinatown.'
their story. They grot Ralph Dixon
and two others to return with them in
a sleigh to Calland's farm. The place
was searched and the body found in the
hop pen. The hoars had plenty of wheat
nnd had not touched the body.
Within the house was evidence that
a terrible struggle had occurred. The !
walls were spattered with blood and a :
large pool of blood stood on the floor, j
The house had been thoroughly ran- i
sacked, showing robbery was the object j
of the crime. No examination of the |
body was made, and how he was killed |
is not kr#wn.
Constable Sparks of Tekoa was noti- \
fied and he notified the Coroner and
Sheriff. Both will go to Whitman
County to-morrow. Two neighbors of
Calland's have been ordered by the Cor- ;
oner to take charge of the body.
Calland lived alone in an isolated |
place, a half mile from the railroad and
four miles from Tekoa. He was wealthy :
and had not sold his wheat for three ;
years. He had $2000 in the Bank of j
Fnrmlngton and was supposed to have ;
money hoarded in his house. He was i
last seen alive in Tek<»a on Tuesday. :
Calland had a sister in California and i
a, niece. Mrs. EL Byrne, near Gar.'ield,
in Whitman County. The latter has
been notified.
MENOCAL MAY REMAIN
THREE WEEKS LONGER.
So the Work of the Nicaragua Canal Com-
mission tyiff Mot Be Retarded by
the Engineer's Absence.
Copyright, 1598, by James Gordon Bennett.
PANAMA, Jan. 21.— The Herald's cor
respondent with the United States Nicar
aguan Canal Commission telegraphs from
Rlvas:
The Chicago party, headed by Lyman
Cooley, which has been going over and
examining the line of the canal, will leave
Rear Admiral Walker's party on Monday
to go to the east side of Nicaragua. The
Government commission will continue Its
examination along the canal for several
tluys yet.
NEW YORK, Jan. 21.— The Washington
correspondent of the Herald Telegraphs:
Secretary Long anounced to-day that In
compliance with the request of the Nicar
agua Canal Commission. Civil Engineer
Menucal would be given reasonable time
in which to close up his work in Nicar
agua preparatory to his return to the
United States to undergo a court-martial
trial. The commission pointed out that
Mr. Menocal was needed to explain cer
tain important features of the route, and
when this work was completed he could
return to New York, as ordered by the
Secretary. After consulting with Assist
ant Secretary Roosevelt and Captain
I'rowinshield, I understand Secretary
Long instructed that a message be sent
to the commission announcing that Mr.
Menocal might delay reporting for a pe
riod of three weeks.
HIS AIM WAS POOR AND
HIS WIFE STILL LIVES.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 21.— Isaac Irwin, who
borer, residing In the Lendrum tract, near
town, was arrested to-day on a charge
of attempting to murder his wife. There
has been a great deal of trouble in the
Day household of late, and to-day there
was a general row. Day knockeu ms wife
down and beat her. and then threw her
out of the house and shot at her. His aim
was bad and he missed his mark. Mrs.
Day rushed to town and swore out a
warrant for him. Day was arrested by
Deputy Sheriff Black in a barn in which
he was hi dime.
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
H. W. PATTON
BRINGS SUIT
FOR LIBEL
Assault Upon the In
tegrity of The Call
Correspondent.
The Attack Promptly Re
sented by the Gentle
man Maligned.
Will Make the Los Angeles
Herald Prove Its Asser
tions in Court.
THE COMPANY DESPERATE.
Stops at Nothing Now to Punish tha
Men Who Exposed Its Nefa
rious Schemes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 21.— 'Like
a fabled monster in its death throes
the syndicated press, undoubtedly in
stigated by the Los Angeles City Wa
ter Company and its corporation al
lies, has been wildly and blindly
striking out in every direction, hoping
by some chance to inflict serious in
jury upon one or another of those
who have been engaged in the battle
against them and for the people.
The culmination of the vicious, ma
lignant and cowardly assaults came
this morning. It was in the shape of
an editorial directed ostensibly nt H.
W. Patton, who was the Democratic
candidate for Congress from the
Sixth District during the last cam
paign. Mr. Patton has held positions
under the Federal Government, is one
of the trustees of the Highlands In
sane Asylum, and only recently re
signed his position as trustee of the
Whittier Reform School. He has been
prominent politically for more than
ten years, and neither his official rec
ord nor his private character has
ever before been assailed in public or
private.
During all these years he has also
been engaged in newspaper work In
Southern California, and has always
been above reproach, whether acting
in the capacity of employe or pub
lisher. These facts make the attack
printed in the Herald this morning the
more dastardly. While, as already
stated, the editorial \\as apparently
aimed at Mr. Patton in his public
character, it was in reality designed
to injure, discredit and disparage
him in. revenge for his supposed part
in the exposures recently made in The
Call in reference to the water com
pany's proposed steal.
Mr. Patton, It may be stated. Is The
Pall's regular resident correspondent
in this city. The editorial in question
Is as follows:
For pome months it has been an open
secret that H. W. Patton is booked for
the appointment of State Bank Examin
er. t" fill the next vacancy that occurs.
Mr. Pat ton himself hns made this an
open secret by proclaiming on every con
venient ocasion that he has an Iron-bound
and brass-riveted pledee from Governor
Budd to that effect. Without presuming
to question the authenticity of Mr. Pat
ton's proclamation, and without any de
sire to butt its head against the inevit
able, the Herald wishes to observe that
such an appointment. If made, would he
en exceedingly bad one. It would be dis
creditable for the administration, disas
trous to the Democratic party In this end
of the State, and an injustice to the pub
lic, in whose interests a bank examiner
is supposed to be employed. A good and
sufficient reason may be assigned for
each one of these objections. In the first
place. Patton knows no more about the
banking business that a Hottentot knows
of heaven. He Is not an accountant: he
Is not a man of business training; he Is
rot one whose judgment could be relied
upon to decide Involved and Intricate mat
ters such as the bank examiners are fre
quently confronted with.
Secondly, if a man is to be selected
from the ranks of the Democratic party
in Southern California for an office of
honor and emolument. Patton is -not a
creditable nor ah acceptable representa
tive. It has been openly charged that
during the last campaign in this district
Patton, having received the Democratic
nomination for Congressman, sold out
his claim for coin and retired from the
canvass. He negotiated with the Silver
Republican Campaign Committee and
transferred all of his right, title and in
terest to Barlow. There Is a man who
says he can show a check with Patton's
indorsement as evidence of this transac
tion. If this be true Patton was jrillty
of an act of treachery to his party which,
ought to forever bar him from partici
pation in its councils or a share in the
honors which it has to bestow. If the
story be not true Patton has had abun
dant opportunity to deny it In the col
umns if his own paper, for it was pub
lished more than a week ago. Instead
of denying It in an open, manly and hon
est way, however, he met It like a buf
foon and tried to convert the whole mat
ter into a joke. The rank and file of th 9
Democratic party In this end of the State
are too much in earnest to have their at
tention diverted by any such procedure.
They want to know whether Patton jug
gled and bartered away the high honor
which they onca conferred upon him. It
Patton has any defense to make which
he cannot make In his own paper the2
columns of the Herald are open to him.
But objections sufficient to bar him
from honors to bo conferred by a Demo
cratic administration may be found In
more recent transactions of this man. It
■was he who made an alliance, presum
ably for coin or political intrigue, with
Walter Webb, a Republican boss and
boodler— a man under indictment for ex
tortion, under investigation for malfeas
ance in office, a man under the condem
nation of this community for blackmail
ing teachers and grossly abusing his
trust. Patton. in his paper, the Capital,
took up the cudgels for this Republican
boodler, and incidentally cast aspersions
upon the League for Better City Govern
ment and the best elements of Los An
geles. Democratic and Republican alike.
N<>r did h»> stop here. Patton, as the
local representative of the San Francisco
Cali. enlisted that paper in a campaign
in defense of the same Republican
boodler. If a man is to be judped by the
company he k°eps. then Patton must be
content with a very low place in public
estimation. Not only has he failed to be
true to the best traditions of his party,
but he has betrayed the party itself, and,
fo far ;is he has been able, has brought
It into disrepute.
It can hardly be possible that Governor
Budd will choose such a man as the ob
ject of his favor— giving into his hands
one of the most responsible and honor
able offices In the State. If he does so he
will be placing a premium on party
treachery, honoring the known friend of
Republican boodlers and delivering a slap
in the face to the best elements of the
Democratic party in this end of the
Btate.
Mr. Patton's reply to the Herald will
be found on file in the Superior Court
in the shape of a complaint suing for
$50,000 for damages on a charge at libel.
His answer to the public will be found
in an interview which follows:
"I never did say that I had the iron
bound, brass-riveted pledge of Gover
nor Budd to name me as Bank Com
missioner. As to my competency to
serve as Bank Commissioner I will leave
others who know me to answer. As to
the allegation that I sold out the Dem
ocratic nomination for Congress in the
Sixth District in 1896 for coin or any
personal consideration of any kind or
character, I simply say that it is a lie.
As to the charge that I made any alli
ance at any time for coin or political
Intrigue with Walter L. Webb or any
other man it is simply a dastardly
falsehood.
"The paper that printed this mass of
falsehoods will be called upon to prove
them in the Superior Court of this
county. I was told before I started in
on this water fight that the syndicated
newspapers would be strong enough to
ruin me. The first effort to carry out
that prediction is now made, but I am
still here and I am going to stay here.
I am simply making the fight I was in
structed to make for the San Francisco
Call in the matter of the water steal.
"My instructions are to give all facts
without fear or favor, to uncover all
official traitors, without regard to par
ty, to he just by the corporation and its
allies, but to expose their unfair
methods, their corruption and the prac
tices whereby they propose to put
through the largest single steal that a
suffering community on the Pacific
Coast has ever been called upon to
bear.
"Thos? instructions I am going to
carry out to the letter. I don't fear
the result. My record is an open bonk
and I am perfectly willing to abide by
it. A jury will pass upon the truth or
falsity of the Heralds charges and by
its verdict I am perfectly willing that
the public should judge me."
The libel suit Mr. Patton has insti
tuted against the Herald will attract
the attention of the entire State for
some of he most prominent political
leaders will be called as witnesses.
Among the citizens of Los Angeles' th^
attack of the Herald upon Mr. Pat
ton is looked upon simply as the pun
ishment the water company is striving
to inflict upon him because, in his ca
pacity as correspondent, he has done
his duty.
This is what Mayor M. P. Snyder
Eays in reference to the matter:
"Mr. Patton has offended against the
water company and its tools, and the
Herald's attack is the result. H*is of
fense constitutes the faithful perform
ance of his duty by the San Francisco
Call in its work of exposing the com
bine's attempt to hold up the taxpay
ers and water rate payers of this city,
and this is the price he has to pay. I
have had the sarnie kind of treatment,
and I know how to take it. Mr. Pat
ton's friends, and they are here by the
thousands, know him, however, and
this lying attack of the Herald will
have no effect on him. He has lived
here for fifteen years. He has made
his record, and his character is estab
lished. It cannot be taken from him by
the assaults of the monopoly press nor
by the tool of a corporation which is
attempting to put through a deliberate
steal upon the people of this city. I am
glad Mr. Patton has decided to sue for
libel. That he will get judgment I have
not the slightest doubt."
Councilman L. M. Grider: "Mr. Patton
is now getting the same measure of jus
tice that has been meted out to me by
the Herald and its confederates for the
last year. This is the price every citi
zen who maJtes himself more or less
prominent in the water fight will have
to pay."
The water fight is livening up and
is now occupying more space in the
syndicated daily newspapers and at
tracting the attention and interest of
more people than any local topic that
has ever before been discussed in this
community. When The Call arrived
this morning one local newsdealer at
Second and Main streets placed the
paper upon his bulletin-board and
above it he wrote in large letters:
"Cit!ze.iß, attention! Read The Call.
It is battling to save you $2,000,000."
Within a few moments a crowd con
gregated around the bulletin-board
that completely blocked the sidewalk.
Passersby were compelled to go Into
the street. For an hour this continued.
Finally a policeman was called to clear
the sidewalk. He did so, but in a few
moments another crowd gathered
Again the policemen cleared the walk
But it was with the same result. The
people were determined to read the pa
per and its exposure of the contem
plated steal and job.
At an early hour all the copies on
hand were disposed of and the bulle
tin-board was the only place where
readers could see the papeis, so they
continued to flock abc-ut it during the
afternoon. LOUIS SEIDENBERG
HEALDSBURG NEWSPAPER CHANGE.
J. J. Livernash and Miss Lizzie Livernash
Dispose of the Enterprise.
HEALDSBURG, Jan. 21.— The Healds
burg Enterprise, one of the oldest Demo
cratic journals of Northern Sonoma, and
which for the past seven years has been
under the editorial management of J. J
and Miss Lizzie Live-mash, has been sold
to Ti. Harper, late of Washington State.
The policy of the paper will remain un
changed. J. J. Livernash, the retiring
editor, has established the California
Forester, a monthly exponent of the
Foresters of America, in San Francisco.
HOW WHITE
BECAME THE
CHAIRMAN
Climax of a Heated
Contest Among
Democrats.
Scramble for the Control
of the Congressional
Committee.
Friends of Joe Bailey of Texas
Finally Scored a Signal
Victory.
FOUGHT FOR MONTHS.
Populist Jerry Simpson Tried in Vain
to Climb Into tho Bourbon
Band Wagon,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rlggs House.
Washington, Jan. 21.
There is a good deal more in the
election of Senator White of Califor
nia as chairman of the Democratic
Congressional campaign committee
than appears on the surface. The
election of the Californian comes as
the culmination of a climax of a heat
ed contest that has been going on in
Democratic Congressional circles for
control of the committee, and it is a
distinct victory for the friends of Joe
Bailey. There is bad blood between
the Democratic factions. This is no
new thing, but in reality dates back
to the contest for Democratic leader
ship at the extra session of Congress.
when Bailey put a damper on the am
bitions of Benton. McMillin and sev
eral others by capturing the young
element and getting a good majority
of the votes for the Sp'eakership nom
ination.
The bitterness of feeling that was
developed in the proceedings follow
ing this event made the Democratic
leadership of the House a subject for
newspaper paragraphs and criticisms.
The old numbers who were turned
down by Bailey have never forgiven
him. From the day of his nomination
by the Democratic caucus his ene
mies began planning to down him.
There has been ;i constant play with
in the Democratic ranks for position.
The men who are after Bailey set cut
early to make a determined effort to
capture the Congressional cam;
committee with an idea of using that
more, or less useful institution. This
committee would, they figured, be in a
position to control newly elected mem
bers of Congress, and the Democrats
fondly look for many gains. They
recognized that among the present
Democrats Bailey has a good major
ity, and they saw that their only
chance would therefore be in captur
ing the new men. Ifclfillin of Ten
nessee has been regarded as a certain
competitor of Bailey until he entered
the contest for the Senatorship now
on at Nashville.
Since then the two men who have
come to t,he front in that capacity are
Richarson ..f TnniU— nr and De Ar
nmnd of Missouri. There is no clash
between these gentlemen or their
friends; they are together in a com
mon cause and they have been acting
together in their play for control of the
Congressional Committee. The real
reason Buck Hinrichsen was beaten for
place on the committee was because
he was regarded as a friend of Bailey.
Serene in the belief that +ie was to rep
resent Illinois on the committee. Buck
had gone quietly ah-_-a<l securing
pledges of support until he had a ma
jority. The Bailey men begun to do
some crowing about that time, but they
rejoiced too early in the game. They
were dealing with men who knew a
thing or two about politics. It was
this and the Bailey crowd that turned :
the trick that put old man Hunter on
th»- committee in place of the redoubt
able Buck. Altgeld had nothing to do
with it. Hunter was promised a fat
committee place if things worked out
all right. Campbell was against Ruck
for personal reasons and his d«*capita
tloa was neatly accomplished. The
eyes of the Bailey men were opened.
About this time came the announce
ment of the candidacy of Tom Ifcßae
of Arkansas for the chairmanship of
the committee, and tho fine Italian
har.d of Jones of Arkansas, chairman
of the National Committee, was dis
covered in the anti-Bailey manipula
tions. He assumed charge of the
campaign, whoso object was to land
some one of the anti-Bailey men in the
chairmanship.
Mcßae was preferred because of his
bitter antagonism to Bailey, and be
cause Jones could rely on him at all
times. It was Jones who had those
gold Senators kept on the committee.
He knew he could rely on them to vote
against Bailey, who is unpleasantly ag
gressive on the silver question, and
who does not hesitate to criticize when
the notion takes him. Faulkner and
Smith, Murphy and Mitchell were all
against Bailey, so Jones kept them on
the committee over the protests of the
silver men. All this time the Bailey
men were at sea as to their candidate.
They talked of Osborne of Wyoming
and Meyers of Indiana, but the oppo
sition captured Meyers, by agreeing to
make him secretary of the committee.
The suggestion of Senator White came
from Maddox of Georgia, who whs
looking for a compromise man. White
was sounded and found to be all right
according to the Bailey standards. He
could not be used against Bailey, and
that was the desideratum. This was
but a day or two before the caucus.
White was so strong that the anti-
Bailey crowd decided at the last mo
ment to execute a coup and make Sen
ator Cockrell of Missouri the candidate
instead of Mcßae, and that coup came
very near knocking the Bailey plan
in the head.
The Bailey men had an intimation
of the purposes of the other crowd to
spring Cockrell. but they were hardly
prepared for the turn things took in
the meeting of the committee. The
Cockrell men Jumped to the front at
once as soon as nominations were In
order and put the Senator from Dp
Armond's State in nomination. When,
a minute aft<-r Osborne had nominat
ed White, he and the other Bailey men
had their breath knocked out by the
declaration of their nominee that un
der no circumstances would he be a
candidate against Cockrell.
In glowing language he painted the
virtues of the Senator from Missouri
and capped the climax by declaring
that it would be impossible for him to
give the time to the work of the eom
mitte that it required. The Bailey men
were aghast. They did not "know
whether this was a gold-brick scheme
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 22, 1898.
or what had hit them. Some of them
hurried to White and told him that he
could not throw them down that W9Cf,
and then they demanded that White
be considered as one of the nominees
before- the meeting. After the vot^ had
been taken and White was found
elected by a vote of IS to 15. thp Cali
fornia Senator made an enthusiastic
speech of acceptance, in which he made
no reference whatever to the declara
tions he made just before the ballot.
Indeed he seemed to have forgotten
that he had made any such speech, but
ft was not until to-day that the Bailey
people were thoroughly convinced that
they were not the victims of some gold
brick scheme. The vote in detail shows
that the Southern members of the com
wrere largely for White.
It leaked out to-day that Jerry Simp
son sought to -illy himself with the
Denv.-crats «nd take a place on the
committee. He was at the meeting and
found sponsors among the Western
men, or pome of them, but such a kick
was made by some of the Southerners
that his sponsors advised him to leave.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
California Mineral Lands Bill Favorably
Considered by the House Committee
and Will Soon Be Reported.
WASHINGTON Jan. 21.— The Commit
tee on Public Lands this morning, pur
suant of agreement, considered the Cali
fornia mineral lands bill. Congressmen
Barham. Hllborn and Magulre appeared
before the committee -and male argu
ments in favor of the bill. Congressman
Hartmann of Montana also supported the
bill in an able argument. Congressman
de Vries, who Is a member of the com
mittee, closed the argument in support
of the bill and offered in its support the
resolutions of the California Miners' As
sociation and the Legislature of Califor
nia. Upon motion of De Vrles the bill
was unanimously reported favorably. The
bill has the united support of the Cali
fornia delegation and bids fair to be
come a law. Representative Tongue's
bill extending the provisions of the De
Vries bill to the State of Oregon was also
favorably reported by the committee.
Chairman Lacey will prepare the reports
on both bills.
It is probable that Dr. Pawson. the
newly appointed Inspector of Drugs at
San Francisco, will be confirmed during
the early part of next week. Repre
sentative Loud saw Senator Mcßride.
who is the chairman of the sub-commit
tee having this matter In charge, to-day,
and was tol.l by him that all opposition
to Dr. Damon's confirmation had been
withdrawn and the committee was ready
to report favorably to the Senate. Sena
tor Perkins, it is understood, will not op
pose i>r. Dawson's confirmation.
Pension.-- have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Willtngtmi I>. Rt»-
vens, Pasadena, X; Richard C. Foster
Los Gatos, *S; Charles H. PnHps. Sol
diers' Home. Los Angeles. $12. Additional
—George A. Beardsley, Ban Diego. $s to
$12. Original widow, etc. Sarah IfcKer
ney, Sacramento, $12: minors of James
Galvin, Ban Francisco. Jiv Mexican war
survivors, reissue and incr.-ase— Robert
Millock. WatsonviUe, $s to fft
Oregon: Original widow, etc.— Lauretta
A. Tolson. Gaston, $v
Bergenat John Garbe, Light Battery F.
Third Artillery, now at the Presidio. San
Francisco, is transferred as a private i..
tli. First Artillery, and will be sent to
the station of that battery. Fort Sam
Houston. Texas.
Senator White to-day introduced a bill
providing for the inspection of trees-,
plants, etc.
ORANGE SUPPLY
NOW TOO LARGE
Prices Favor the Buyer in the
Markets of Eastern
Cities.
Dem«n>i for Prunes Is Fair end the
Tendency of Quotations
Upward.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MBW FORK, Jan. I!l.— The Journal
of Commerce says: Trade in oranges,
it is stated by large handlers of fruit,
has been revolutionized within the past
two or three seasons by the growing
prominence of the California product.
The increase in duty under the pn-s.-nt
tariff law has, it is claimed, curtailed
shipments from Mediterranean ports,
and especially in Sicily fruit. So far
this year there have been received but 1
1800 boxes of the new crop of Si-ily
oranges, against 4200 boxes for the
same time a year ago and 114,000 boxes
in 1896, while the quantity now on the
way is very small. Reports of Valen
cia receipts by comparison with far
mer years do not show such a decided
falling off. though they were consid
erably smaller than in previous years,
and, according to advices from Eng
land, will, during the balance of the
season, be light.
Arrivals at English ports, it is stated,
show a considerable proportion of poor
fruit, and the cost of sound stock,
which buyers here, when they come
into the market at all, want, is there
by proportionately increased. Accord
ing to statistics of receipts kept by
the Fruit Buyers' Union arrivals of
Valencia orange? at this port from the
beginning of the season to date have
amounted to about 4000 cases, against
MOO cases for the same period last
year and 5700 cases in 1*96. but the
stock afloat or to be shipped to this
port la said to show a much greater
deficit.
The better output from Florida this
year, in connection with liberal ship
ments of California fruit to Eastern
consuming markets, which latter are
understood to have bo far aggregated
2000 cars, has caused a diversion of
buying interest to the domestic prod
uct. At present these supplies of all
descriptions seem to be in excess of the
demand and the market favors the
buyer.
Rumors of large sales of prunes for
arrival from California are not accept
ed by the majority of people in trade
with confidence. There has been bet
ter business of late both on spot and
future delivery and the market is de
cidedly firmer, but with the possible
exception of some good sized purchases
by Chicago buyers for shipment from
the coast there have been, It 1h said
by well informed people here, no im
portant transactions. Santa Clara
fruit is scarce and seems to be wanted.
Northern prunes, it is understood, have
sold fairly, but In nothing like the
quantity mentioned in some reports.
The current situation In prunes Is
strong and tendency of prices upward.
STRINGENT MEASURES
ADOPTED IN BOHEMIA.
Police Prohibit the Wearing of Party
Badges and Club Uniforms, Under
a Heavy Penalty .
PRAGUE, Bohemia, Jan. 21.— Owlnj? to
the racial embitterment which prevails,
the police have prohibited the wearing
of party badges and club uniforms, under
the penalty of 100 florins fine or fourteen
days' imprisonment. The residence of the
manager of the local branch of the
Vienna P.. inking Association was raided
last evening by eight youths, who wen
expelled by the police. The police also
dispersfd a number of small gatherings.
Otherwise the city has been quiet.
Death of a Forty -Miner.
NAPA, Jan. 21.— William Travis, a
native of New York, aged 71 years, died
tn this city early this morning. Travis
came to the State in 1*49 and followed
mining and other pursuit*.
ELMER SAVED
BY THE POLICE
His Fight With Case Lasts
Less Than Two ,
Rounds.
Ended by Bluecoats When the
San Franciscan Is Badly
Whipped.
Though on the Verge of a Knockout
the Decision Is Not Against
Him.
Ppecinl DUpatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or.. Jan. 21.— Thp
twenty-round contest between Billy
Elmer of San Francisco and Dick Case
of Seattle at the Olympic Club to-night
was stopped in the second round by the
police. Under the articles of agree
ment the fight was to be a draw should
the police interfered before twenty
rounds had been fought. Referee Jack
Lafferty therefore declared the fight a
draw.
Although the fight was declared a
draw. Case had Eerier practically
knocked out before trTT- police stepped
into the ring. Case forced the fighting
and in the first round knocked Klmt-r
down twice with left-hand swings on
In the second round Case put Elmer
through the ropes twice, and three
times pent him sprawling on the floor.
Case could usily have finished his man
in that round had the police not inter
fered.
SCHAEFER IN RARE FORM.
Establishes a World's Record at the New
Balk Line Came.
CHICAGO, J;m. 21.— "Wizard" Sehaefor j
in his frame this afternoon with Catton
in the U-lncb balk lino tournament ran
his 40) points in t» n innings— an average
of forty— which is Urn world's record at
the new game. The balls suited him, the '
temperature was ail right, and from the '
start it was evident that be was ready
to make tilings Interesting for his oppo
nent.
The "wizard" started off In quarter
horse style, making II from the play off.
and following with clever runs of 34 and
67. At this point Catton had one point to
his credit. This did not suit the Rock
Islander, and in the next three inning*
he put together 77 points. "Jake" came
back with 23, 27 and 25, and at the end
of the seventh Inning the call was
■charter, 210: Catton, S3. In the eighth
Inning Schaefer made one and Catton
scored a goose epg. Evidently Schaefer
thought enough time had been wasted on
the game, and without hesitation went
to work to knock out Eves' average. It
was Bchaefer In his old-time form, and it
was not until the "wizard" had made 106
points that he fell down on a hard cush
ion draw by a hair's breadth.
Catton could make but four from the
leave, and then Jacob ran the game out,
achieving an average of forty. The spec
tators went almost wild. Catton was the
first to congratulate Schaefer. and did not
seem to worry over his defeat. This af
ternoon's game makes the outcome of to
morrow night's contest very dubious, and
lyes will have to play his best to de
feat his old master. The score: Schaefer,
33, 34. B. 0. 23, 27. 25. 1. 106. 53— 400; aver
age. 40. Cotton, 1, 0. 11, 24. 42, 1. 10, 0, 4—93;
average 10 1-3.
Frank [yes this evening defeated- Spinks
in the most unsatisfactory game of the
billiard tournament by a score of 400 to
154. The balls would not roll kindly for
either player, and though for eighteen
innings Splnks only made an average of
a fraction over six it took lyes that
number of innings to make up his handi
cap. Ives began his twentieth inning
with 136 to go. The ivories rolled hard
for him and he had to earn every count
until ho had gathered sixty-five, when
the balls lined up in the balk almost
frozen. By a daring masse he not only
counted, but apparently hypnotized the
balls. They began to come his way and
by skillful line nursing he quickly secured
the necessary points, his 136 being the
highest run of the tournament. Score:
Ives— Total, 400; average. 20.
Spinks— Total, 154; average, 7 7-10.
McCOr TO MEET CQFF.
Billy Madden Declares He Has Arranged a
Match Between Them.
NEW TORK, Jan. 21. — Hilly Madden
writes from Washington that kfl has
made a veritable match between Goff
ar.d McCoy; in fact, he brought Goff
from California for that purpose. He de
clares that be has already received offers
from several clubs for the match, includ
ing the Boa and Kunka clubs of Balti
more and the Navams of Lexington,
Ky.. but will accept none until February
l. r >. when the highest bidder will get it.
He expects to get a purse of $5000.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC BUYS
LAND IN SAN JOSE.
Belief That the Company Mends to Erect
a Union Depot and a Machine
Shop.
BAN JOSE. Jan. 21.— Southern Pa
cific Company has purchased twenty
three acres of land In the Polhemus
tract, between Polhemus street and Len
zen avenue, and it is rumored that the
company will erect a union depot and
extensive machine-shops on the property.
The Southern Pacific formerly owned
thirteen acres in that tract, and this last
purchase, made two days ago, will give
it a piece of forty acres.
T. P. Montgomery, who sold the land
to the railroad, could give no definite in
formation an to the object of the railroad
in buying the tract. The prevailing opin
ion is that a union depot will be erected
at the site, and that the old depots of the
broad and narrow gauge trains in this
city will be moved there. If such is the
case the track on Fourth street will be
abandoned, and the trains on the coast
road will run over tracks leaving the
main line near Hlllsdale and come in by
the present narrow-gauge depot. A
change in the Niles route into the city
will also be made.
Rumor has it the machine-shops at
Newark will be moved to San. Jose, and
that as soon as the coast route is com
pleted large machine-shops will be run
ning in San Jose.
■ ♦
MANY WITNESSES YET TO
GIVE THEIR TESTIMONY.
Grand Jury Investigation of the Über
Lynching at Genoa Still in
Progress.
CARSOX, Jan. 21.— The new witnesses
found to-day In Douglas County are so
many that the Grand Jury Investigating
the Über lynching was not able to con
clude Its duties, and adjourned until Mon
day, when tho taking of testimony will
he resumed. John Musser, a half-breed
Indian, was expected to testify to-day
that he loaned a man a revolver to take
part in the lynching; but Musser Is not to
be found, and it is supposed he has been
spirited away. The star witness for the
State has been found, and will be ex
amined last. His name is withheld by the
prosecuting attorney, but his evidence
will be the most direct and positive of
all and cinch the case against the lynch
ers. Foreman Cook says the prospects
arc now bright for the indictment of the
guilty persons.
Tho Perfume of Violets I
The purity of the lily, the glow of the rosff.f
and the flush of Hebe combine in Porzowi'sf
wondrous Powder. \
CHANCES MADE
AT STANFORD
Professor Griggs to Head
the Department of
Education.
Will Have for an Assistant
Professor Cubberley of San
Diego.
Many Improvements Projected in
This Important University-
Branch.
m
Gpeelal Dl»pateh to Th» Call.
PALO ALTO, Jan. 21.— The an
nouncement was made by President
Jordan this evening that Edward How
ard Griggs, professor of ethics, had
been selected as head of the depart
ment of education, and that Edward
P. Cubberley, superintendent of the San
Diego schools, had accepted the posi
tion of assistant professor in this im
portant department The move is a
consequential one, for it means a great
change in the department of education.
Professor Griggs will devote himself to
the history of education and civiliza
tion. He will also carry on his work
in ethics. The coursp that Professor
Cubberley will give have not yet been
decided on.
Since Professor Barnes got his leave
of absence, which was followed by his
resignation, there ha^ been no perma
nent head to this department. Dr.
Starbiuk having filled the place tem
porarily.
Professor Grlggrs, the new head of the
department of education, was gradu
ated from Indiana University in 1889,
and received his master degree the
next year. He was attached to the
faculty of Indiana University for four
years, after which he spent two years
in study in the University of Berlin.
In 1896 he was called to the chair of
ethics in Stanford University. He is
well known throughout the State for
his great ability as a lecturer, and was
<i. sicrnated "The Ideal Man" by Rev.
Anna Shaw.
Professor Edward P. Cubberley, the
newly appointed assistant professor of
• location, is a man of .^reat practical
experience. He graduated in 188S from
the University of Indiana, where he
was a pupil of Dr. Jordan. Before
taking the superintendency of the San
Diego schools ho filled a chair in the
Vincennes University.
WAS CLARK IN
LOVE WITH HIS
BROTHER'S WIFE?
Continued from First Paire.
the attempted poisoning of William
Clark, the responsibility for which was
commonly attributed to him — this, too,
notwithstanding the cloak of Chris
tianity under wtych he had so long
sought shelter. On the other hand
"William Clark, the victim, stood well
in the community. He was regarded
by all as a straightforward, indus
trious and hard working man, one who
attended strictly t>> his own business
and loved his family and fireside.
By the ruthless work of the assassin
a widow and seven children, mostly
daughters^, are left destitute.
■ I don'l know what I shall do," said
the widow, tearfully, to-day. "We
have no funds — hardly enough to bury
him. My husband was a pood man, a
good husband and father and as long
as he could work the family wanted
for nothing. If he had died of sickness
I would not feel BO badly; but such a
cruel and untimely end:"
Here the children, amid sobs, con
firmed their mother's words.
GENERAL NATHAN KIMBALL
GOES TO HIS REWARD
Veteran of Two Wars and Many Battles
Passes Away at His Home in
Ogden.
OnrtKN. Jan. 21.— General Nathan Kim
ball died at his home in this city to-night,
ageil 75 years.
General Klmball was born in Livonia,
Ind.. and was one of the best-known of
the generals during the late war. He had
served in the Mexican war also. He was
in a large number of engagements and
made the tramp from Atlanta to the sea.
The General was mustered out of service
in September. IMS, In ISM he was elected
State Treasurer of Indiana and again in
IS6B. In 1872 he was an elector on the
Grant ticket, and the same | year was
elected to the Indiana Legislature. In 1873
President Grant appointed him Surveyor
General of Utah. In 1877 he was appoint
ed postmaster at Ogden. and in 1889 Pres
ident Harrison reappointed him to the
same position. He. had always been a
prominent figure in G. A. R. circles.
NEW TO-DAY.
Distress after eating
Is a symptom
Of dyspepsia.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Cures dyspepsia
By its peculiar
Combination of
Remedies which
Include the greatest
Stomach tonics
In the world.
Its effect is like
A magic touch,
Toning the stomach,
Creating appetite.
iRUNKENNESST
Morphine and Opium Habits. Painless
treatment. Sixth year; 1000 cured: low-
est prices ; write to-day for full particu-
lars. Cut this out.
Gold Cure, Sacramento, Cal. 26 Page St., S. F.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeied and renovated. KING, WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms 50c to $1 r.Oday,
$5 to $S week. $8 to $30 month. Free baths:
hot and cold water every room: flre grates 1b
every room; elevator puns all sight.
NO DOG SAFE
IN FRESNO NOW
Purloining of Canines by
Prospective Klondik
ers Continues.
Two Prominent Young Men
Arrested for Stealing a
St. Bernard.
Numerous Valuable Animals Have
Disappeared and Their Owners
Are Enraged.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
FRESNO, Jan. 21.— Owing to the big
j demand for suitable dogs for the Klon
dike, larceny of the animals is becom
ing very common and any dog of suf
! ficient size to haul a sled is not safe
•in Fresno, whether he is a prized
household animal or valuable in the
1 field or the chase. The dog, once con
i sidered a howling nuisance in Fresno,
; is now looked upon in admiration and
covetousness by many people who dis
cuss his points as to strength and en
j durance. The demand for canines suit
1 able for team work in Alaska has
; caused owners of line dogs consider
able apprehension during the last two
weeks. A heavy, stocky, shaggy
haired youn^ animal will bring from
! $30 to $50, and as high as $100 has been
offered for a dog regarded as especially
good for work.
< 'anines containing the predominat
ing characteristics of the St. Bernard,
shepherd and Newfoundland, although
; of unrecorded ancestry, are the favor
' ites with the persons getting up teams.
Such animals weigh from 80 to 100
pounds, have long shaggy hair, and
possess strength and endurance.
Many persons have been making a
•business of stealin- valuaole dogs and
selling them ti> parties preparing to rp
to the Klondike, and in some cases the
i prospective Klondikers themselves
have bee . guilty of canine larceny.
To-day George W. McDonald, the
irate owner of a stolen dog. swore out
a warrant for the arrest of Wes Moore
J and Frank Wyatt for stealing his
prized St. Bernard, and the young men,
both of whom are well known in the
city, were taken to Madera. There they
were fined $14 which they paid. Moore
and Wyatt had gone to McDonald's
place and offered to buy a large dog
owned by him. McDonald was not at
ho.ne, and his wife refused to sell the
dog. She heard one of the men say
"Not to Be Improved Upon in Purity and
Cleanliness of Manufacture." '
|pi| Of how few things can this
ilili be said and yet Prof. E. S.
IB Wa y ne > the celebrated Ana-
A Of how few things can this
be said and yet Prof. E. S.
Wayne, the celebrated Ana-
lytical Chemist of Cincinnati,
|||i makes this statement deliber-
ately about "0. F. C." Whiskey
concerning which so much is
l^lipll being said at the present time.
f% IT [ o]* There can be no doubt that this
flli \*> Tsm * s *^ c k est whiskey now upon
limits Mjol the market. Every bottle bears
LJJW the guarantee stamp of the
l^i'B United States government that
§g^i|fS it is 100 per cent proof. Is it
any wonder that this whiskey
is becoming so popular?
Among those from whom "0. F. C." can
be obtained are
SHERWOOD & SHERWOOD,
The time to stop disease is before it really gets // ™^^^^^l 4 /
started. Then it is easy. Almost all disease starts /' * [A
in the stomach. A little trouble planted there will } H»
spread its branches all over the body. Indigestion I - # pnwi
drags behind it a lengthening chain of disease. l| T § ..
Indigestion makes impure blood, it makes assimila- \\ i I, _
tion poor, makes the body weak, causes loss of ll . ; .V ■*:
flesh, and makes a hundred openings for disease (1 M I A '
to enter. Stop indigestion and you stop the rest. I ; V ml &1>
Go to the root of the trouble and you soon kill th« I V
-branches. Keep the digestion in good /order and I I \ 1 I
you may laugh in the face of sickness, t I \ I I
RIPANS Tabules U^-r^
are for the digestive organs stomach, liver and * V \\ I I
bowels. They stimulate the appetite, help diges- ■ \ L I I
tion and assimilation of food, keep all the organs . « \\\ Ili
' healthily active. They cure . indigestion — that It \ 1 I I
means biliousness, sour stomach, flatulence, head- jt » l\ I 1\
ache, bad blood, bad complexion, pimples, erup- \h \\ Iv
turns, constipation and half a hundred other things I 4 \\ I
that arise from the one cause. They cure the cause If \ I 1 V I
. —the rest is easy. One Tabule is a dose— one givei {( V ' VV »
relief. It should be taken at meal times, at bed ,11 IVI
time, or whenever a premonition of a nsedcf it is A > \ / Vjf i
ielL You'll feel Letter, and quickly too. Lrfg^l
that the dog would be a good one to
steal. The next morning the animal
was missing, and it was later found in
the possession of Moore and- Wyatt in
Fresno where they were training dogs
for use in Alaska. They refused to
surrender the St. Bernard, claiming
they had bought it. McDonald told the
men he would get the dog, d them,
too.
The dog was found among a lot of
twenty-eight -which belonged to the
Garrison party. Many other valuable
canines are missing, and a search is
being made for them among the differ
ent dog training places, of which there
are several.
N. P. Justy lost a valuable St. Ber
nard. Letter Carrier Bishop paid $5
for a dog last night and this morning
it was stolen. Another prized St. Ber
nard, the ■ roperty of the Rochon Sa
loon, was taken several nights ago, but
escaped captivity and returned to its
master. The owners of valuable dogs
have concluded to vigorously prosecute
all dog thieves.
Lost Most of His Teeth.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 21.— C. Cazorittl of
Nlc-asio had most of his teeth knocked
down his throat to-day by being kicked
on the jaw by a horse. A request was
received here for a dentist to repair im
mediately to the scene of the accident to
tuc3 the injured man and save what the
horse left of his teeth.
BOGUS COIN FOR
SLOT MACHINES
Counterfeit Nickels Fou^d in
Large Numbers in
Fresno.
Used Exclusively in Playing Gam
bling Devices In Saloons
and Cigar Stores.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO. Jan. 21.— Fresno is at present
flooded with a very crude counterfeit
nickel. It is believed that the counter
feiters have their plant a few miles from
this city, where they turn out by the
hundred bogus 5-cent pieces. The spuri
ous coin is evidently made for the pur
pose of defrauding the nickel-in-the-slot
machines which are to be found In nearly
every saloon and cigar stand in the city.
The nickels are too crudely made to be
passed successfully, although some of
them might be taken without notice If
the receiver happened to be in a hurry.
As those who have them use them al
most exclusively in playing these ma
chines, it is very difficult to catch those
who pass the cheating nickels on the
devices. Nearly every night when the
earnings of the machines are counted up
some of the counterfeit pieces are found
in the receptacle.
The local officers are working on the
case, and they have a strong suspicion as
to where the counterfeiting is done.
Secret Service Agent Harris was in town
st-veral days ago, and it is believed that
his mission was to assist the local offi
cers in ferreting out the counterfeiting
gang.SOMETHING
SERIOUS IS
EXPECTED
Appearances Tend to
Indicate Serenity
\ at Havana
And Regulars Are Sent
Back to the Country
Districts.
But for Some Reason the
Anxiety Has Not Yet Been
Allayed.
WARSHIPS FROM GERMANY
Evidently the American Not the Only
Interests Now Threatened
in Cuba.
Copyright. IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, Jan. 21.— Judging from
outward appearances quiet has been
etely restored in Havana, the ex
tra guards have all been withdrawn
and the greater part of the troops have
been sent back to the country. The
palace authorities confidently assert
that all danger is past, but for some
reason the anxiety here has not yet
allayed.
Everybody expects that something
us is going to happen and regrets
that the troops have been sent back
to the country. In the streets to-day I
saw an unusual number of volunteers
alone or in groups of two and three.
They were in full uniform, which la not
customary after the morning parade
of the palace guards, and they osten- |
tatiously displayed cartridge belts well
911 ed and with flaps raised.
But as yet there is not the slightest
sign of ill feeling against Americans.
Newspapers arriving through the mails
of Wednesday had not been delivered
Probabiy tht-y will be suppressed alto
p. To-day's papers were not al-
I to publish anything that is from
the United States— only to publish
three Bhort telegrams from Madrid.
The German man-of-war Charlotte is
expected to arrive at Havana on Sun
day. The German Consul announced
that the Gneisenau will also arrive two
days lat"r.
from the East state that
General Pando is fortifying Canto
River to enable regular supplies to be
Bent inland to garrisoned towns. Thus
far every convoy sent up the river has
been raptured by the rebels and the
garrison forces are in a deplorable con
dition. The cane fluids are still burn
n every province. The rebels are
[ng grass so that the Span
iard? may not get fodder fcrr their
■
Adviros just received from Tmonas,
•i town In Matanzas province,
s'. ate that the rebels have ambushed a
\\ hole guerrilla force, killing all but
Several small towns have been
attacked and plundered.
The Herald correspondent In Santi
fle Cuba writes that the filibuster-
I oat recently captured near Por
by the Spanish gunboat Galicia
has b<=en taken to Santiago de Cuba,
and two men found aboard were put in
jail. The account states that the boat
which is about five tons and owned at
Manzanillo, when captured was loaded
with provisions for the insurgents. No
arms and ammunition were found on
b»ard. The members of the crew say
supplies were taken aboard at
Santa Anna, Jamaica, whence the
• sailed on January 9. When near
ing the Julian coast the boat became
Ix calmed and was overtaken by the
Galicia at daylight the following morn
ing. They were transferred to the gun
and placed in irons, and tortured
in order to force them to divulge their
n or complicity with the insur-
The officials believe that the
boat's cargo has been transferred to a
steamer seen hovering in the vicinity
v,hf-re the capture was made and with
which the filibuster was thought to
have communication.
Although nothing appears to be
known on the subject at Spanish head
quarters, persistent rumors were in cir
culation to-day to the effect that Gen
eral Calixto Garcia, the famous Insur
gent leader, had been killed In a re
rent engagement with the Spanish
troops.
NEW YORK, Jan. 21.— The Sun's Ha
vana cable says: The Spanish have
failed In an attempt to take the seat
of the Cuban Government In a battle
of the La Esperanza forces of General
Castollanos, numbering, according to
the Spanish official report, 2200 infan
trymen, 400 cavalrymen and a com
pany of artillery with two field pieces.
The insurgents were about 3000, almost
all cavalry, but with artillery also.
President Masso personally led one of
the Cuban wings, though the military
commander of the whole Cuban army
was General Lope Recio. The fighting
(..nrfnued without cessation from Jan
uary 12 in the afternoon to January 14
In the evening, when General Jiminfz
Castellanos gave up and retired to
Puerto Principe. The Cuban losses did
not amount to 100.
AN INQUIRY INTO
THE KILLING OF
COLONEL RUIZ.
House Committee on Foreign Affairs Agrees
to Make a Favorable Report on the
Williams Resolution.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 21.— The House
Committee on Foreign Affairs to-day
agreed to make a favorable report on
the resolution of "Williams of Missouri,
asking the State Department for infor
mation on the Ruiz case. The resolution
Is as follows:
"Resolved, that the Secretary of
State be directed, if in his opinion com
patible with the public interest, to send
to the House the reports made to the
department by Consul-General Lee,
and other reports made to the depart
ment by Consuls or commercial agents
of the United States on the subject of
the execution of Colonel Ruiz by the
an military authorities." .
There was no division over the reso
lution, and the vote was unaninrus in
favor of reporting it. Beyond this
thf-re was no reference to the Cuban
question except in the reference to the
subcommittee of the various Cuban res
olutions Introduced recently.
The Ruiz ref< m '1 to in the resolution
tfl not Dr. Kuiz. killed at a suburb of
Havana, whose case has attracted
much attention, but is Colonel Ruiz, the
Spanish officer at Havana, who is said
to have gone under a flag of truce to
meet the insurgents and urge them to
accept autonomy. After entering the
insurgent lines his proffer of auton
omy was rejected and he was executed
by order of the insurgent commander.
This case has not been taken up
In Congress before, and it is said that
the* inquiry will put the transaction in
a new light. Although several of the
members insisted that the Cuban topic
had not be^-n touched upon, except in
this resolution, others attached consid
erable significance to inquiries by one
of the Republican members. Smith of
Michigan, as to what the Cuba sub
committee had done in the Morgan
Senate resolution recognizing Cuban
belligerency. Adams, chairman of the
Cuban committee, explained that in
quiries w.tc being made of the State
Department with a view of taking such
i action as was appropriate. The line
of inquiry by Smith led to the impres
sion that he and some other Republi
can members of the committee desired
action on the belligerency subject.
Williams, author of the Ruiz reso
tlon. says the inquiry is for the pur
! pose of correcting a public misappre
hension as to the facts in the execu
tion of Colonel Ruiz. The latter, Wil
liams says, never had the right to
claim immunity under a flag of truce,
as he had been warned by the insur
gent commander, Aranguren, that he
: would be amenable to the decrees of
! the insurgent government, one of which
was that any person entering the in
surgent camp and proposing autonomy
should be treated as a spy. Williams
says there is authority for stating that
Colonel Ruiz entered Aranguren's camp
with this understanding, and took his
! chances accordingly. He said also that
he urged autonomy and suggested that
i specific benefits would be conferred up
j on the insLirsrent leaders if they ac
j cepted the reposition. One of Aran
'■ guren's associates demanded that he do
his duty in accordance with the de
crees of the insurgent government,
whereupon Ruiz was shot.
REV. DR. ELD RIDGE
MADE A CO-RESPONDENT.
Divorce Proceedings in Washington Stir the
Congregation of the Waugh
M. E. Church.
NEW YORK. Jan. 21.— A Herald special
from Washington says: Divorce proceed
ings Bled in t lie District Court to-day
have stirred up the congregation of the
Waugb Methodist Episcopal Church on
Capitol Hill. Rev. E. Olin Eldridge. pas
ter of the church, is named as co
respondent. The complainant is George T.
Robertson, a < "inmission merchant. He
alleges that Rev. Dr. Eldridge and a
Government printing office employe have
nged his wife and that because of
their conduct she is lost to him forever.
Wh.-ri Dr. Kldridge was seen to-night
he denied the allegations and said he
know nothing of the charges. Mr. Rob
erts. >n declined to discuss the affair. The
papers were filed late this evening.
Dr. Eldridge is one of the most promi
nent ministers In the city, and his church.
>■• Ing "in- of the oldest ami situated in
the router of one of the most fashionable
sections "n Capitol Hill, and but a stone's
throw from the Capitol, has numbered
among its worshipers many of the most
prominent persons of the city.
WANTS TO GET
ALL THE NEWS
Why the Inter Ocean Seeks to
Enjoin the Associated
Press.
One Chicago Newspaper Claims the
Right to Obtain Dispatches From
All Sources.
Special Di?patoh to The Call.
CHICAGO. Jan. 21.— 8y agreement be
tween the attorneys, the injunction suit
of the Inter Ocean Publishing Comptmy
against the Associated Press to prevent
the latter from discontinuing its news
service to the Inter Ocean was continued
yesterday in Judge Dunne's court. The
argument for the injunction was set for
Wednesday. February 2. The complain
ant obtained leave and filed amendments
to its bill. One amendment is the inser
tion of a paragraph siting up t h at tnp
defendant association has telegraph and
telephone lines in Illinois and other States
for the dissemination of news to patrons.
Another amendment alleges that the pub
lishers of the Chicago Tribune and Chi
cago Times- Herald obtain news in the
shape of cables and special dispatches
from corporations and persons other than
the Associated Press. The amendment al
leges that the Chicago Tribune has con
tracts with the Tribune, Journal, Times
and World of New York for the publica
tion of cable dispatches, while the Chi
cago Times-Herald has an arrangement
with the New York Herald to do tho s-imo
thing. It Is alleged that these contracts
prevent the complainants from procuring
cable news and special dispatches, es
pecially from the New York Sun Com
pany. Tho complainant finally declares
that an illegal by-law of the defendant
iisoriation prevents the complainant
from receiving news from the Sun, and if
enforced will prevent the complainant
from receiving cable news and special dis
patches from any source except the de
fendant.
WEBSTER WILL NOT BE
PROMOTED AT PRESENT.
Showing of His Bad Record Has Caused
the President to Withdraw His
Nomination for Paymaster.
NEW YORK. Jan. 21.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: President Mc-
Kinley, in withdrawing the nomination
of Passed Assistants Paymasters Edwin
B. Webster and G. W. Simpson, to be pay
masters In the navy, acted on the sug
gestion in the cablegram received a few
days ago from Captain C M. Chester,
commanding the South Atlantic station,
in which that officer announced, I was
told to-day, that Webster had been found
morally unfit for promotion. Mr. Simp
son has already qualified for promotion
by examination, but of course his promo
tion cannot take place until Mr. Web
ster's case has been disposed of.
Webster was court-martialed at the
Asiatic station a few years ago on
charges growing out of his failure to re.
port his acount, and was sentenced to
three months' confinement to his ship and
to be reprimanded. I'pon his return to
Mare Island he was charged with having
failed to return a bond amounting to $2500
given him by a clerk whom he employed.
The court which tried him on these
charges found him guilty and sentenced
him to dismissal, but the department in
examining the record found that a great
deal of hearsay evidence had been ad
mitted and consequently disapproved the
findings and directed that Webster be re
stored to duty.
RANDSBURG WILL HAVE
AMPLE FIRE PROTECTION.
Water System to Be Supplied by a Reser
voir Located on Gold Hill
Divide.
RANDSBURO, Jan. 21.— Randsburg will
soon have ample protection from fire. A
movement is now on foot to erect a n-ser
voir on Gold Hill divide. It will con
tain 100,000 gallons of water, giving a fall
of 150 feet. A four-inch main will run
through the principal streets, connecting
with thirty fire plugs, each plug to have
at least 200 feet of nose and an inch and
a quarter nozzle.
The Kandsburg and Kramer Railroad
will follow the generous example oj the
Valley road, when the latter donated over
n "f dirt to fill In the low thorough
fares of the city of Visalia. by supplying
the required amount of water. In a few
hoars to-day John C. Quinn and the clti
■ens' oomnMttee collected over J2ouo from
the business men alone.
Mirny buildings are being erected in the
burnea district. Every man that can
handle a saw and hammer has been
pressed into service.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 22, 1898.
JUDGE McKENNA
IS CONFIRMED
BY THE SENATE
Allen of Nebraska Stands Alone in
Opposition to the Advance
ment of the Californian to
the Supreme Bench.
Mr. Justice McKenna is to-night receiving the congratulations of
his friends all over the country upon his confirmation as Associate Jus
tice of the Supreme Court of the United States. He was confirmed by
the Senate to-day, with only one dissenting vote against him. That
came from Senator Allen, the Populist from Nebraska, whose hand
seems to be against all men who do not believe in his peculiar doc
trines. His opposition to any proposition brought forward in the Sen
ate is generally regarded as the highest recommendation a measure
can receive, and the result Is usually against the person or thing Allen
advocates.
It has been contended all along in these dispatches that Judge
McKenna would be confirmed, and the result of to-day's vote is very
gratifying to him and to those who have faithfully and loyally sup
ported him in this contest.
It was understood that a vote would be taken on Judge McKenna's
nomination to-day, consequently there was a large attendance of Sen
ators. Allen Insisted upon reading to the empty seats and the dozing
officers, who could not escape from their posts of duty, the A. P. A.
and other protests against Judge McKenna, so fully considered by the
Judiciary Committee. Several attempts were made to check the Ne
braskan, but he persisted in talking, so the Senators retired to the
cloak room until he quit, when they returned to the chamber and pro
ceeded to confirm Judge McKenna without the formality of a roll
call. It was practically a unanimous vote, for Senator Allen alone
said "Nay" when the presiding officer put the question.
Mr. Justice McKenna will receive his commission at once and take
his seat on the Supreme Bench without delay. He has already pro
cured a black silk gown, such as is worn in the Supreme Court, and
all the preliminaries have been arranged to facilitate his immediate
entry upon his new Judicial duties. According to th'> custom of the
court, he takes his seat on the extreme left of Chief Justice Fuller on
the bench and in the consultation room. It nary for the junior
Associate Justice to cast the first vote in reaching a decision by the
court. A number of important cases are now in the court
awaiting a full bench, hence the confirmation Judge McKenna will
expedite action on these cases.
"LITTLE BOB'S"
LAST ROBBERY
Bully of Bisbee Shot to
Death by a Deputy
Sheriff.
Had Entered a Saloon and
Taken a Monte- Dealer's
Sack of Coin.
Followed From the Place by the
Officer and Slain While Mount-*
ing His Horse.
Specie! Dispatch to The Call.
BISBEE. Ariz., Jan. 21.— Robert Spar
ring, a cowboy, better known in this
vicinity as "Little Hob," has rounded
up his last bunch of range stock and
committed his last crime. Incidentally
he will never again make a tenderfoot
dance by speeding bullets in the direc
tion of the stranger's pedal extremi
ties. "Little Bob" was the bully of
Bisbee. and a desperado of the real
Western sort. His career came to a
sudden ending at an early hour this
morning, and to Deputy Sheriff < Ira
ham is given the credit for ridding the
Territory of this undesirable char.
Bob walked into the Turf saloon at
this place at 1:30 o'clock this morning.
There were a few stragglers in the re
sort, trying their luck at the monte
game that was running in one corner.
Sparring, drawing a revolver, stepped
up to J. Davison, the dealer, and
pointed the weapon toward him.
"Pack up the coin and hand it over,"
he ordered.
Davison lost no time in complying.
"Little Bob" had the drop, and the few
gamblers still in the saloon did n<sf at
tempt to draw. Sparring took the
safk of cash, about $600 In all, backed
out of the place and then ran for his
horse, which stood about 100 feet dis
tant.
One of the inmates of the Turf was
Deputy Sheriff Graham. When "Little
Bob" left the place Graham started in
pursuit. He overtook the desperado
just as the latter was about to mount
hi« horse.
"Halt!" shouted the officer.
By way of reply. Sparring reached fnr
his revolver. There wtm a report, but
it did not come from the robber's wen
pon. Graham had fired first, and the
desperado fell, shot through the heart.
The money was returned to the
monte dealer, and the game went on
undisturbed for the balance of the
night. "
BABE OVERTURNS A LAMP
AND STARTS A FIRE.
Home of a Monterey Merchant Destroyed,
Together With All of Its
Contents.
MONTEREY. Jan. 21.— The residence of
David Donelson. a leading shoe-dealer of
.Monterey, caught fire about 7 o'clock
from an overturned lamp and was al
most consumed before anything could be
done toward saving It. The infant
daughter of Donelson pulled at the cloth
of the table on which the lamp was
standing. The lamp was thrown to the
floor and exploded, the flames quickly
reaching every inflammable substance
near by. The entlrf interior portion of
the house and several thousand dollars'
worth of furniture were destroyed. There
was no insurance on the house or con
tents. The loss is estimated at about
$3000.
FIRE AT VENTURA.
Two Buildings in the Business Center of
the Town Burned.
VENTIRA. Jan. 21— Fire broke out In
Mrs. R. H. McDonald's milinery store in
the business center of town to-night, and
the structure, together with its contents,
was destroyed. The Chicago Clothing
Company's store to the west, owned by
S. W. Wineman, was damaged to some
extent by fire and water. Adjoining the
millinery store on the east was D. F.
Hood's harness shop, which was de
stroyed. The burned buildings were of
wood and were owned by E. M. Jones
That of the clothing company was of
brick.
Catholic Home for Fresno.
FKESNO, Jan. 21.— Bishop Montgomery
has purchased a lot at the corner of R
and Mariposa streets from Miss Jones of
Sonora, Here a home •will be erected for
the Sisters of the Holy Cross.
Call Office, Rlggs House.
Washington, Jan. 21.
DEMOCRATS TO
BEGIN EARLY
Purposes of the Coming
State Committee
Meeting.
Plans for the Next Campaign
Will Be Taken Up and
Discussed.
Primnry Election Law One of the
Princ.pa! Topics to Heceivs
Attention.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VISALIA. Jan. 21.— Hon. William H.
Alford, chairman of the Democratic
Ptat»- Central Committee, was Inter
viewed to-day by The Call correspond
ent concerning the coming meeting of
the committee. When ask>d as to the
purpose* of md the business to be
transacted at the mooting of the com
mittee on January :.'!>. he said:
"There will be a number of things
to do. In the first place the new law
governing primary elections will be
considered. This law is somewhat
complex, and the machinery it pro
vides is very cumbersome. But if it is
upheld by the fc'upr. me Court— and the
probabilities are that it will be— it must
be applied in every voting precinct in
this State. There are many things in
connection with its application that
must be considered by the committee.
For instance, the matter of preparing
and distributing circulars of instruc
tion and the manner of providing the
ballots required Rt th^ primaries, are
among the many problems presented by
the new lav.
"The time and place of holding the
next State convention will be consid
ered and probably decided. Some ques
tions of party policy preliminary to
the opening of the next campaign will
be presented.
"This is earlier thnn State commit
tees generally meet, bat the conditions
are peculiar and I consider early action
important, as we do not propose to
leave anything undone that can be
done by the committee to further the
interests of Democracy and the prin
ciples of the Chicago platform between
now and the assembling of the next
State convention.
"You ask if the members of the com
mittee who did not pay their assess
ments will be expelled. I have no idea
what the disposition of the committee
will be upon that subject, and, there
fore, will not presume to say. I will
say. however, that this question Is not
a serious one; that It can and will be
settled without causing the 'disturb
ance' in the party so much hoped for
by our opponents. There can be no
question, however, of the power of the
State Committee to expel a member
and to fill the vacancy caused by such
expulsion. That power is inherent from
a parliamentary standpoint in every
such body. To deprive it of this
power would be to deprive It of the
power to govern itself. I presume it
will not be disputed that the conven
tion which elected the State Central
Committee had the power to remove
any member at pleasure. It follows
upon the authority of an unbroken line
Of precedents that upon the adjourn
ment of the convention all power that it
possessed passed to the State Commit
tee, which is Its only representative.
"There is no disposition on the part
of the committee to Interfere in San
Francisco local politics. Individually
T should much regret the necessity of
such Interference. I have faith in the
Democratic principle of each commun
ity controlling its own affairs in party
management, as in all other matters.
I believe the new primary law will ob
viate the necessity for any interfer
ence."
Luetgert Cries in Court.
CHICAGO, Jan. 21.— Adolph L.. Luetgert
went on the witness-stand to-day and
told the jury the story of the doings In
his sausage, factory on the night of May
1. in v endeavor to explain tho mystery
furroundinß the disappearance of his
wife, for whose murder he is beinp tried.
An immense crowd gathered around the
criminal court loriK before the case w.is
called, but the police allowed only those
to enter who had tickets of admission.
Judge Gary's courtroom was packed, and
there was an unusual number of women
present. Luetgert broke down and cried
like a child when he spoke of his first
wife.
WORK OF
SPIES AND
TELEPHONES
H. H. Boyce Watched
at a Cincinnati
Hotel.
Tab Closely Kept on All
Long -Distance Con
versation.
Interesting Testimony in the
Senatorial Bribery
Charges.
THREATS MADE BY WIRE.
Those Listening at the 'Phone Claimed
to Have Heard Boyce Say He
Would Kill Otis.
Sp*c!al DUpatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI. Jan. 21.— The legisla
tive committee Investigating: the
charges of bribery In the recent elec
tion of a United States Senator at Co
lumbus held a session here to-night
and will continue Its sittings here to
morrow. All members of the committee
were present, together with quite a del
egation from Columbus and others
from different parts of the State. Three
members of the House committee on
the Otis investigation were present —
Rutan, Spellmyer and Kenny. Spell
myer and Kenny are Democrats, and
Rutan. chairman of the House commit
tee. Is one of the Republicans who
voted against Hanna. The other two
members of the House "onimittee. Box
well and Rankln, of Fayette, who voted
for Hanna were not present.
The committee was given quite a tel
ephone exhibition before it assembled.
The Great Southern Hotel at Colum
bus, which was the headquarters of the
anti-Hanna men during the recent con
test, was called up, and while the com
mittee was talking in the private office
of the Gibson House with parties in
Columbus, Jerry Bliss and his steno
grapher were at the telephone down
stairs in the hotel office, taking off all
that was said. This was done to show
how all of the conversations of Boyce
with certain parties in Columbus was
taken down while Boyce was here and
the Senatorial contest was going on at
the State capital. It is alleged that all
of the conversations were taken down
and are a matter of record without any
wire-tapping, as the different tele
phones in the Gibson House are all on
th.^ same circuit.
Horace B. Dunbar, proprietor and
manager of the Gibson House, was the
only witness examined to-night. The
rierkfl and others at the hotel will be
examined to-morrow. Mr. Dunbar pro
duced his hotel register, showing that
Henry H. Boyce of New York occupied
room 226 from January 6 to January 10.
Mr. Dunbar testified to having his sus
picions aroused and set the clerks to
watching Boyce.
Allen O. Meyers Jr., one of the day
clerks, arranged for a stenographer's
report of the conversations Boyce
hail over the telephone during the
fey. Russell Pryor, the night clerk,
tc»>k down the conversations at night.
Hoy re was given the key to the pri
vate office on the second floor when
ever he wanted it, and the arrange
ments down stairs were always com
plete for reports of whatever went
over the telephone wires when Boyce
was using the private office. The
stenographer, who has a desk in the
office, was called Into requisition
whenever Boyce called any one up.
Mr. Dunbar recited many of these
conversations over the long distance
phone. In one" of them the major was
called up at Columbus and said:
"Shane and the President will ar
range things on Saturday." Boyce re
plied: "Have seen one of the party.
Wants money. How can I handle
him?"
The reply from Columbus was:
"Suppose O betrays you, what then?"
Mr. Dunbar said that Boyce repli
ed: "No danger. I would kill him.
Dead men tell no tales."
Mr. Dunbar testified that Allen O.
Ifeyen Jr., who was in Columbus as
one of the managers against Hanna,
was called upon Friday, January 7, by
Jerry Bliss, and told of the situation
here and what Boyce was doing. Mey
ers advised Bliss that a man named
Hollenbeek would leave Columbus for
Cincinnati that night with money and
to have him watched. The next morn
ing the Miller Detective Agency was
employed to watch Boyce and keep
track of Hollenbeck on his arrival. On
January 8. H. H. Hollenbeck of Char
don, Ohio, registered at the Gibson
first. He had a room assigned to
him, taut was seen to communicate with
Boyce. The next name on the regis
ter to that of Hollenbeck was E. H.
Archer. Columbus, Ohio, Deputy Rail
road Commissioner.
Mr. Dunhar showed the registers to
the committee with all those names
and stated that Mr. T. J. Mulvlhill,
one of the leading Democratic mana
gers of this city, pointed Hollenbeck
out to the detectives. They watched
all the movements of Hollenbeck and
traced him to the Union Trust and
Pavings Bank, of which J. G. Schmidt
lapp was president. He was then
traced to the different places of meet-
Ing: as charged by Representative
Otis.
While Hollenbeck did not remain In
Cincinnati. Boyce was here on Friday.
Saturday, Sunday and Monday. At the
suggestion of Jerry Bliss. Mr. Dunbar
had the housekeeper and chambermaids
watch the movements around room 226.
On Sunday night Boyce told Dunbar he
had been here representing the Presi
dent and complained about detectives
being put onto him and about others
watching him, and especially about the
parties In room 215. After paying his
bill on Monday and before departing.
Mr. Boyce told Dunbar that if he want
ed to win some money to bet on Hanna.
After Senator Long had examined
Pur.bar at length, r short cross-exam
ination was conducted by Senator Gar
field. Mr. Dunbar said he was a Dem
ocrat, that he wag intimately acquaint
ed with Allen O. Meyers. Charles L.
Kurtz. Jared P. Bliss and others who
were recently engaged In the opposi
tion at Columbus to Senator Hanna.
He testified that he had been with
them at the Great Southern Hotel be
fore the Legislature balloted for United
States Senator.
Miners Dashed to Death.
BRUSSKLS, Jan. 21.— While a cage con
taining fifteen miners was being hoisted
in the shaft of the Bonne Esperance mine
at Wasnes. In Halnau, tho cable broke
and the occupants of the cage were dashed
to death.
SOCIALISM
SEETHING
IN FRANCE
Even Premier Meline
Sees Great Peril
Ahead.
Says Clerical Matters Are
Put Forward to Divert
Attention.
Attempt to Denounce the Con
cordant With the Vatican
Defeated.
FRESH RIOTS IN STREETS.
Mobs Wearing Tri-Color Cockades of
Conscripts Charged by the
Police.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS. Jan. 21.— The Latin quarter
was disorderly to-day. The police have
arrested about fifty persons on suspi
cion. Three experts in handwriting,
whom Emile Zola charged with mak
ing false reports at the court-martial
of Major Count Esterhazy, will, it is
announced, sue the novelist for 100,000
flfencs damages.
Taking advantage of the fact that
this was the day for the balloting of
conscripts in the fifth district, a mo 6
of people wearing the conscripts' tri
colored cockades paraded the Latin
quarter, uttering the usual cries, but
they were severely handled and dis
persed by a strong detachment of po
lice. Forty of the participants in the
demonstration were arrested.
During the debate in the Chamber of
Deputies to-day on the estimates of
the Department of Public Worship, M.
Gerrard denounced the "dangers of
clericalism."
The Premier, M. Meline, declared
there was no ground for such fears.
Continuing, he denied that the Govern
ment was composed of clericals, or that
it was under pontiflclal direction, add
ing that the so-called clerical peril was
only put forward to divert attention
from the socialist and revolutionary
peril.
Ex-Minister Goblet then moved the
separation of < hurch and state, which
was defeated by 319 to 192 votes.
Several members denounced the in
terference of Chief Rabbi Zaddockan
in the Esterhazy affair, whereupon M.
Melard replied that if the chief rabbi
had acted improperly he could be de
prived of his salary.
M. De Mahy called attention to the
propaganda of English and German
pastors in various parts of France, de
nouncing them amid applause as
"spies," and as being a "veritable peril
to the existence of the fatherland."
The estimates were then adopted. :
M. Dutrieux moved the denunciation
of the concordant (or understanding
between the French Government and
the Vatican). The motion was defeat
ed by a vote of 316 to 171.
The President of the Chamber of
Deputies. M. Brisson, announced that
the interpellation of ex-Minister Cavi
agnac. introduced on January 17, de
manding a discussion of the semi-offi
cial note issued that day, in which the
Government declined to make public
the alleged confession made by Alfred
Dreyfus to Captain Le Brun-Renaud,
the officer who had charge of him when
he was court-martialed, would be dis
cussed to-morrow.
M. Varvoort, editor of Le Jour, and
M. Adjalbert, a writer for Les Froits
de l'Homme. fought a duel with
swords on account of the dispute aris
ing out of the Dreyfus case. M. Var
voort sustained three flesh wounds and
M. Adjalbert was wounded In the fore
arm. The seconds stopped the fight.
HAVRE, Jan. 21.— Red placards were
posted here to-day denouncing the
Dreyfusians and inscribed with the
usual cries against the Jews and in fa
vor of the army and the republic.
STANFORD CLASS ELECTIONS.
PALO AI/TO, Jan. 21.— Two important
class elections took place to-day. The
junior class elected John Ezra McDowell
president, and the sophomore class hon
ored William Wesley Burnett, the big
center of the Varsity. At this season of
the year these offices are hotly contested
as it is in this semester that the princi
pal class hops, in which the presidents
shine, take place.
McDowell hails from Ashland, Ohio, and
has his major in economics. At present
he Is assistant registrar, and he is both
popular and able.
"Babe" Burnett is well-known from his
prowess on the football field. His home
Is in San Jose. He is a student of law
NEW TO-DAY.
Durrant's Last
Amusement
This is the famous puzzle
which occupied so much of
Durrant's time during his last
hours on earth. Presented
to him by Attorney Deuprey.
$100 IN CASITTOrBE~GIVEN AWAY.
To the boy or girl who sells the largest number of these famous puzzles before July
Ist, 1898, $50 ; to the second most successful, $30 ; and to the third, $20. To all who
sell ever five puzzles ten per cent discount will be given — also in cash. Easiest way in
the world for young folks to make money ; ten cents starts you in business. Write
for particulars.
This is the most interesting and intricate puzzle yet invented. When completed
the pieces form a perfect checker board. Will amuse young and old for houis. Price
10 cents, postpaid ; send stamps or cash. Address Checker Board Puzzle Co., P.O.
Box 352, Sacramento, Cal. Reference California State Bank, Sacramento.
JAPAN IS
PREPARED
FOR WAR
First Authentic News
Since the Eastern
Troubles Began.
The Mikado Sends a
Strong Fleet to Wei-
Hai-Wei.
Little Doubt in London of the
Purpose of This Move
ment.
PRESERVE THE STATUSQUO
Russia Nor Russia's Allies Will Be
Allowed to Make Changes In
Present Conditions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. Jan. 21.— The St. James
Gazette this afternoon, commenting
upon the dispatch from Yokohama
saying that a fleet of nine Japanese
warships will leave Japan in the course
of a week for Chinese waters, says:
"Japan is prepared for war. That
in a nutshell is the news from Yoko
hama to-day, and it is really the first
news from Japan since the beginning
of the Chinese crisis. It was obvious
that the Japanese Government had
stopped telegraphic communication,
which it never does except when mo
bilizing the army or navy. That is
preceisely what it has been doing. It
is understood that the destination of
the fleet is Wei-Hai-Wei, and there
is no doubt the movement means that
the status quo in China, so far as Man
churia and Korea are concerned, shall
not be altered by Russia, nor any com
bination of Russia's allies in defiance
of Great Britain and Japan. So long
as the defenders' policy is equality of:
opportunity in China, they are in a po
sition to enforce their claims."
PARIS, Jan. 21. — Orders have been
received at Cherbourg and Toulon re
spectively to immediately prepare the
battleships Bruix and Vauban to re
enforce the French squadron in the
far East, and the ships will sail Jan
uary 24. Admiral Debaumont has been,
appointed commander in chief of the
French squadron, and will hoist his flag
on board the Vauban.
The Brulx is a steel vessel of 4754
tons displacement and 9049 indicated
horsepower. She has an armored belt
about 4 inches thick, carries two 7
inch guns, sixty 5.5-inch quick-firing
guns, four 2.5-inch guns, four 1.8-inch
guns and six 1.4-inch rapid-firing guns.
The Vauban is a steel vessel of 6208
tons and 4560 indicated horsepower.
She has an armored belt 10 inches in
thickness, carries four 9.4-inch guns,
one 7.4-inch gun, six 5.5-inch guns and
twelve rapid-fire guns.
BERLIN, Jan. 21.— The Berlin Neuste
Nachriohten announces that the Ger
man warships are still sounding Kiao
chau Bay, adding that the exact site of
the port Is not yet fixed, and that the
Government intends the construction of
the commercial port shall be borne by
private companies. It Is further said
that one company has already been
formed to construct the docks.
MR. SHORTRIDGE ON THE
ROAD TO RECOVERY.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 21.— Dr. J. R. Curnow,
the family physician of C M. Shortridge
and who has been attending the sick man
at Gllroy Hot Springs. Is In the city, and
gives the first intelligent statement com
ing from the bedside.
"I believe," said the doctor, "that Mr.
Shortridge will recover, unless there
should arise some unforeseen complica
tions. There have been many foolish re
ports in circulation. In the first place.
Mr. Shortrldpe has no Bright's disease
and no heart trouble. He is simply In a
condition of extreme nervous prostration,
with slight symptoms of typhoid fever.
"While he has been and is a very sick
man, there Is in my mind nothing to war
rant a belief that he will not fully re
cover. The prostration is so complete
that I can say Mr. Shortridge has been
very close to tl*e errave. but I am more
than hopeful of his recovery."
This report, coming from an official
source, must set at rest the flying rumors
of other nature.
Reports from Gilroy Hot Springs this
evening state that Charles M. Short
ridgr's condition is more favorable than
it ha? been for a week. There has been
a steady improvement for the past
thirty-six hours. His temperature Is
normal and his pulse is regular. His
physician now entertains strong hopes of
his recovery.
34
CONGRESS AND THE SILVER QUESTION
ALIGNMENT
OF SILVERITES
IN THE HOUSE
Significance of the
Vote on'an Amend
ment.
Republicans Who Joined
With the Democrats
and Populists.
Now the Urgent Deficiency Bill
Has Been Sent to Con
ference.
FIGHT ON AN OLD CLAIM
Shrewd Maneuvering Prevents Ac
tion on the Demand of the Book
Publishing Company.
Special Plspatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House.
Washington. Jan. 21.
There was a preliminary struggle
in the House to-day over the bill t'<>r
the relief of the book publishing com
pany of the Methodist Episcopal
church South, which was before the
House last Friday. 'By shrewd ma
neuvering its opponents succeeded in
preventing action to-day. Previous to
the consideration of this bill the
House passed the bill to extend the
public land laws of the United States
to the Territory of Alaska and to
grant a general railroad right of way
through the Territory. The urgent
deficiency bill was sent to conference
after the stiver forces, with some out
side aid, had succeeded in concurring
In the Senate amendments striking
from the bill the provision requiring
the depositors of bullion at Govern
ment assay offices to pay the cost of
transportation to the mints.
At the opening of the session a bill was
put<s<>d to grant the Commissioners of
tale County. Ala., the right to construct
two bridges across the Choctaw-Hatchie
River. Under the rules this was "private
bill day," but Cannon, chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, antago
nized with a motion for the consideration
of the Senate amendment? to the urgent
deficiency appropriation bill. His motion
whb carried— l2s to SI.
The Senate Nicaragunn Canal Commis
sion amendment was non-concurred in.
One of the Senate amendments was rnn
curri'd In with an amendment to appro
priate $1.T,n00 for the repair of the Na
tional Cemetery at Fort Smith. Ark. This
•was offered by Little <D.) of Arkansas,
who explained the necessity for it. ow
ing to the devastation by the recent
st' Tin in that section.
The main fight came on the Senate
amendment striking out the provisions in
the bill requiring depositors of bullion
hereafter to pay the cost of transporta
tion from the assay omef to the mints.
The debate soon shifted into a dismis
sion of the silver question, as it did on
former occasions. Rhafroth (Pop.') of
Colorado, Newlands (Sil. R.) of Nevada.
Cannon (R.t of Illinois and Eland (D. > o/
Missouri participated. Cannon fl
submitted a modified proposition provid
ing that the depositor of bullion should
pay the cost of the transportation to the
"nearest mint." It was defeated— 9B to
130.
The Senate amendment to strike out
the whole provision was then agreed to
without division in the committee of the
whole. Cannon gave m tlee he would de
mand the aye an no vote In tho House.
The vote of the committee was confirmed
on an aye and no vote in the Hou^
to li:?. The bill was sent back to confer
ence.
The vote was considered significant, as
there was to n certain extent an align
ment of the silver forces in favor of the
motion to concur in the Senate amend
ment. The following Republicans Joined
•with the Democrats ami Populists:
holdt of Missouri, Beach of Ohio Bi
lck of Kansas, lhist-r o f lowa, Ellis of
Oregon. Joy of Missouri. Linney of North
Carolina. Lovering wr.d Low of New
York. Me' 'all of Massachusetts. Maha
ney, Miner. Morris, < ilmstead and Pearce
of Missouri, Pearson, Shannon, W. A
Smith and SpaldiiiK.
Lacey then called up the bill to extend
the public lands law to the Territory of
Alaska and to Kraut a general ri^ht of
way to railways. This bill was ; assed
after being amended in a minor particu
lar.
The remainder of the day was occupied
In the consideration <>f bills on the pri
vate calen .
The Housu then wcr.t Into committee
of the whole, where the per.ding question
was a point of order raised against the
motion of Cooper of Texan to substitute
for the Senau> bill to refer the chum of
th.-> l>nok publishing company of tho
Methodist Episcopal Church So ith to th?
Court of Claims, the House bill to ad
just the whole claim by the payment of
$2fcS.oOo. Payne >R.i if New York who
was in the chair, sustained the point of
order.
Gro6venor (R.) of Ohio stated that he
desired to go on record as totally fl
ing from the decision of the chair \fter
a parliamentary struggle by th«- oppon
ents of the measure to rtelav action the
House biil appropriating $2-\>>> w;i~ taken
up on Cooper's motion. medi
ately moved to lay it aside- with a I
able recommendation.
Dalzell announced the bill an attempt to
loot the treasury. Twenty-five . years
ago, he said, this claim was presi
to the House and in a careful exhau
and learned report by thi prettent Secre
tory of Agriculture (Mr. Wilson] t
distinguished number r.f the House and by
a distinguished Democrat no* r member
of the Inter-State Commerce Commission
(\V. R. Morrison) the claim was thrown
out as unworthy of the attention of patri
otic represents; vrs si at here not to loot
but to guard the treasury.
There was considerable play sparring
and finally, at 4:55 v. rr... the >lous.« ad
journed without :u't:.m on the bill
Aged Woman's Awful Plunge.
PETAH'MA, Jan. ZL— Mrs. Purvine.
ged 78 years, living six milps west of
NEW TO-DAY.
Pears'
Its least virtue is
that it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort;
the clean are comfort-
able.
this city, who has been 111 for some time,
pulled out the slats of the window casing
of her room early this morning and
jumped to the ground a distance of twen
ty-five feet. She sustained a terrible
gash in the head, besides internal injur
ies which will probably prove fatal. The
old lady's mind at times during her ill
ness has been partially unbalanced.
OHE IS FOUND GUIL TV;
THE OTHER ACQUITTED.
Chris Merry Convicted of Wife-Murder and
His Accomplice Temporarily
Cleared.
CHICAGO, Jan. 21.— 1n the case of Chris
Merry, the peddler charged with wife
murder, the jury to-day returned a ver
dict of guilty. Smith, his alleged accom
plice, was found not guilty. The Jury
wuf out all ni r .t.
When the verdict was read Smith
Jumped to hi? feet and shouted for Joy.
but Judge Horton sternly commanded him
to sit down.
"Uring me a warrant." said the judpe.
"I want this man rearrested as an acces
sary to the murder after the fact, and I
want him indicted by the Grand Jury to-
d:iy."
This had the effect of cooling Smith's
spirits, but be Boon recovered and looked
with pity on his fellow prisoner.
"Chris, old boy, I'm sorry for you." he
said as he held out his hand to Merry.
"Cheer up. Maybe things won't be so
bad after all. Congratulate me, anyway,
on my end of it."
But Merry was in a daze, and though
holding out his hand remained silent.
Merry was found guilty on the first bal
lot. In Smith's case the ballot stood six
for conviction and six against until to
day. Then, with the understanding, it is
thought, that there would be no legal dif
ficulties in the way of Smith's rearrest
and indictment as an accessory after the
fact, it was agreed to return a verdict of
not guilty as charged.
EMBASSADOR WHITE NOT
TREATED DISCOURTEOUSLY.
Reports Concerning His Reception by Em
peror William Due to the Publication
of a Belated Court Circular. •
WASHINGTON. Jan. 21.— Embassador
White cabled the following to the Secre
tary of State:
"The statement in the morning papers
that Mrs. White and myself have been
treated discourteously is absolutely and
entirely without foundation. The Em-,
peror and all others have been most kind
to us. I have never needed to call the
attention of any person to any slight
whatever. The notice regarding my re
ception was Identical with that always
i after the presentation of an Em-
Kissa.ior from any great power to the
Emperor."
The cablegram has reference to pub
lished reports that Bmbaasador and Mrs.
White had been Ignored and not given
tho attention and oourtesy due his rank
by high officials of the German court, and
that it had been necessary to admonish
the offending officials by a notice in the
court circular of Germany. It appears
from the cablegrams that the court
circular's notice which gave rise to the
published report is Pimply a belated no
tice, such as is always Issued after a pre
lion of an Embasador to the Em
peror.
HALLETT KILBOURNE
HAS A SUICIDAL MANIA
The Well-Known Business and Newspaper
Man of Washington Will Be Com
mitted to an Asylum.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 21.— Hallett Kll
bourne, one of the oldest and best-known
business and newspaper men of Washing
ton, was to-day examined in lunacy pro
ceedings, with a view to his confinement
in an asylum. His mania is suicidal, and,
unknown to any except his physicians
and his immediate family, he has made
half a dozen attempts at self-destruction
during the past week.
Mr. Kilbourne was born in Rochester,
N. V., sixty-five years ago. During a
congressional investigation into an al
rpal estate boom under the Shep
herd regime he refused to produce his
books at the CapltOl and by order of the
committee was incarcerated In jail for
thirty days for contempt. He sued the
Government for $100 .000 for false impris
onment and secured $30,000 by congres-
Bional action. After disposing of his real
estate business he became interested in
newspaper work. During the past few
years he has lived on his Income.
THE "UNCLE TOM'S CABIN"
OF THE SILVER PARTY.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 21.— Democratic
free silver leaders have resolved upon an
experiment in political campaign work.
Under the influence of Senator Jones,
Representative McMillin. Chauncey F.
Black, Representatives Slayden, Simp
kins and others, a company of Washing
ton and Virginia politicians and butsinesß
me n have incorporated under the name of
the American Drama Company.
Among the directors are Lawrence
Gardner, secretary of the Congressional
committee: Marshall TV. Wines, Robert
K. Mattingly ar.d Major E. W. Anderson,
of this city. The first play to be produced
is "The Curse of GoldY' which, the free
silveriles claim, is another "I'ncle Tom's
Cabin," and from it they tirderitly expect
the greatest results. Senator Stewart pre
dicts great success for it. and Senator Al
len thinks it will be received by the West
and South enthusiastically. Samuel Gom
pers. president, and Frank Morrison, sec
retary of the American Federation of La
bor, are advocates of it. and Knights of
Labor Assembly Xo. t>6 owns stock in the
corporation. It will be put on the road
very soon.
GAYETY AT THE HANDSOME
MANSION OF THE MILLS.
NEW YORK. Jan. 21.— For the first
time this winter, the handsome mansion
of Mr. and Mrs. D. O. Mills, 2 East
Sixty-ninth street, was thrown open to
night for a dance, the guests numbering
about 200, chiefly members of the young
dancing set, though the Newport colony
also was represented. The Mills mansion
is constructed very much like a Parisian
hotel, and. the. drawing-room and ball
room are on the second floor.
Mrs. Mil!* and her mother. Mrs. Ma
turin Livingstone, stood at the head of
the grand stairway to receive their guests
—Mrs. Will in white- brocade, with a
tiara of diamonds, and Mrs. Livingstone
in black velvet.
Dancing was general until half-past 12
o clock, when supper was served at small
tables in the dining-room and other apart
ments on the rtrst floor. After supper the
cotillon was danced, Worthington White
house leading with the hostess. There
were a number of pretty favors, silver
trinkets with ribbon wands, tipped with
clusters of flowers, fans and parasols
The cotillon lasted until 4 o'clock.
ANOTHER TAMALPAIS ENGINE.
MILL VALLEY. Jan. 21:— The annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Mill
Valley and Mount Tamalpais Scenic Rail
road took place to-day, and the reports
presented for the year just ended show
an interesting and prosperous state of
affairs. The net earnings of the road
amount to 6 per cent on the capital in
vested, and the travel has increased in
such proportions as to necessitate the
minding of a new mountain-climbing en
fhu%n he Pc of whlch ls onI >" seen on
this line. • The new engine will reach Mill
\ alley about March l, in time for the
summer travel, ami "will be capable of
£?£"?,? 81* cars up the mountain to the
The following are the names of the
directors elected: President Sidney I *
pushing; vice-president. David Mckav :
treasurer Bank of California: secretary'
as&sftte- charies ? *->•£
THE SAX FRAXCTSCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 22, 1898.
TO CONSIDER
THE TELLER
RESOLUTION
Final Vote Will Be
Taken by Senate
Next Week.
Allison Promises to Sub
mit an Amendment
of Significance.
Dismissal of Mrs. Roberts
Causes Some Rather
Warm Talk.
REFERRED TO COMMITTEE.
Gallinger Thinks It Would Be Ben
eficial to the Woman to Con
sider the Matter Secretly.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House.
Washington. Jan. 21.
An agreement was reached by the
Senate to-day that a final vote on the
Teller resolution providing that the
bonds of the United States may be
paid in silver dollars and all pending
amendments thereto would be taken
next Thursday before adjournment.
Vest of Missouri, in charge of the
resolution, first announced that an
agreement had been made for the final
vote on Wednesday at 4 p. m., but
readily agreed to a postponement un
til Thursday at the suggestion of Tur
pie of Indiana. Allison of lowa made
the significant statement that an
amendment to the resolution that
would cause some debate would be of
fered later in the discussion, but gave
no information of the nature, scope or
Intent of the amendment. During the
greater part of the afternoon the Se
nate was in executive session.
At the opening of the session Quay of
Pennsylvania said he had noticed in the
morning: paper* that he hail voted yes
terday for the consideration of the Teller
resolution because the Senator from Mis
souri (.Vest) had asked him to do bo.
This. Quay said, was not true in any
sense, as he had not conferred with the
Missouri Senator about it. He had voted
as he had. said he, because he thought
the present consideration of the resolu
tion would benefit the country and the
Republican party.
Allen? resolution, asking the Secretary
of the Interior for papers concerning the
dismissal from the Pension Office of Mrs.
M. E. Roberts, was laid before the Sen
ate, ami UnllinKer moved to refer the
resolution to the Committee on Civil
Service and Retrenchment.
Pending the vote on that motion Allen
said he desired to speak briefly upon the
matter. Mrs. Roberts, he had learned.
was a friend of the former Secretary,
Carlisle, from Covlngton, Ky. She was
for years a member of the family of
James B. Breck, once Senator from Ken
tucky, and her appointment was made
through Senator Breck's influence.
"I want to say," said Allen, "that no
self-respecting gentleman would treat a
woman as this woman has been treated
by the Secretary of the Interior and Com
missioner of Pensions. If this administra
tion is willing to Injure itself In this way
I am willing. If it desires to hurry itself
out of power I am desirous of hastening
its exit. But I hold, Mr. President, that
ft is not an inherent right of the Secre
tary of the Interior, or of the Commis
sioner of Pensions, to be brutal in their
treatment of clerks. If the Commissioner
desires the place of Mrs. Robers for some
hanger-on, why did he aim a poisoned
dart at her? He must be a coward, in
deed, who will make a covert charge
against a woman and refuse then to
state the charges."
Allen, having referred to the position
taken by Gallinger. the New Hampshire
Senator, said: "If the Senator from Ne
braska means seriously to impute to me
such motives as his language indicates
he is using unparliamentary and unwar
ranted language."
Gallinger further said he had learned
something about the Roberts case and he
was satisfied that the Senate was not
the place for the discussion of the detail*.
In the privacy of the committee-room
the statements of Mrs. Rober f s, tho S>c
retary of the Interior, the Commissioner
of Pensions and others could be iiea:d
upon the case. There It could be properly
discussed and Investigated. Such cases as
this have no place in the Senate cham
ber, and it may be possible that it will
be the part of gallantry to consider this
case in private, and in the end Gallinger
thought Mrs. Roberts would thank him
for the position he had taken in the mat
ter.
Allen contended that there was a hint
of something vitally wrong In the moral
character of Mrs. Roberts. He reviewed
tht- ease again and discussed at some
length its application to the present agi
tation nn the civil service question.
Assurance was given by Pritchard of
North Carolina, chairman of the Commit
tee on Civil Service and Retrenchment,
that the committee would carefully in
vestigate the case should it be referred
to his committee, and Allen agreed to
such reference. The question was then
so referred.
Lodge of Massachusetts, somewhat to
the surprise of the people In the galler
ies, who expected a discussion of the
Toller resolution, moved that the Senate
go into executive session.
"Before the motion is put. Mr. Presi
dent." said Vest of Missouri. "1 desire to
make a brief statement. I pave notice
yesterday that the resolution reported by
the Finance Committee would be further
considered t"-day. but several Senators
opposed to the resolution have said to me.
that their jx'rsonaJ preference requires
that the resolution shall not be pressed
at this time. They have suggested to me
that we permit It to fro over until next
Tuesday and that it be taken up at the
eonclusi of the morning business on
that day for discussion, and that a vote
upon it and upon any amendments that
may be offered thereto be taken after
next Wednesday. I wish to say this ar
rangement is agreeable to me. and so far
as 1 know, satisfactory to my colleagues
on this side of the chamber."
Stewart of Nevada said he would like to
make,some remarks on the pending reso
lution and would do so to-morrow if the
Senate %-hf in session.
Turpio of Indiana proposed that. In
stead of taking the final vote Wednesday
it be taken on Thursday before adjourn
ment, and this proposition WM agreed to.
Perkins of California anounced that, at
the conclusion of the morning business
Monday ho would call up the pension ap
propriation bill. *
T'pon Lodge's motion the Senate then
at 1» p. m.. went into executive session
The Senate agreed to vote on the Tel
ler resolution next Thursday before ad
journment.
At 4:45 the Senate adjourned.
Yet Battling for a Senator.
AXXAPOLTS. Md.. Jan. 21.— The Mary
land General Assembly took two more
joint ballots to-day without succeeding
in electing a United States Senator.
The fee-simile /jfF yrffTT^r" i. on every wrapper
Kgaature of >4ta//jfZg&j£ c/ of CASTORIA.
THAT FAMOUS
HILLMON CASE
One Claim Compromised
After Many Years
of Litigation.
Some of the Insurance Money
Will Now Be Paid to the
Widow.
Already There Have Been Five Trials
During Which a Conspiracy
Was Alleged.
Special Dinpatch to The Call.
TOPEKA. JCans., Jan. 21.— The fam
ous Hillmon Insurance rase, which has
been fought through five trials, was
settled to-day en far as the claim
against the New York Life Insurance
Company Is concerned. Hillmon was
insured in thlH company for $10,000, but
upon what basis the compromise was
made cannot be ascertained as the at
torneys on both Bides absolutely refuse
to talk. One report has It that Mrs.
Hillmon receives the full amount of
her claim, $10,000, and interest amount
ing to $11,000.
When Insurance Commissioner Webb
McNall was apprised of the New York
Life's action in settling the Hillmon
claim this afternoon, he promptly
granted its attorneys a license for the
year almost past and ending Febru
ary, 1898, and also for the next license
year. This McXall said to-night ren
ders valid any business the company
might have done In the past year with
out a license. It was the refusal to
settle the Hillmon claims upon which
Insurance Commissioner McNall based
his action in revoking the licenses of
the interested companies last March.
The Mutual Life was one of these and
is at present barred from the State by
a Judgment cf ouster from the Supreme
Court The Connecticut Mutual is
abiding by McNall's action in revok
ing its license, and has made no fight.
The New York Life brought suit
against McNall for damages. Later
the suit was dropped suddenly. The
charge has been made that this com
pany has been soliciting: business in
this State without a license, and/a quo
warranto proceeding is pending in the
Supreme Court, brought by the Attor
ney-General, to compel the company to
■how why it Is transacting business
without a license. Attorney-General
Boyle refused tor say whether or not
this case will be dropped; indeed, the
action of the Insurance Commissioner
in granting a license for the year past
makes it uncertain whether or not the
case may property be tried.
John W. Hillrrion, who is supposed to
have been shot through the head at
Medietne Lodge March 17, 1579, had life
insurance as follows: NVw York Life,
$10,000; Mutual Life, $10.oon. and in the
Connecticut Mutual, $5000. It was
claimed that Hillmon was accidentally
shut by his traveling companion, John
H. Brown. The insurance companies
claimed that a conspiracy was formed,
consisting of Levi Baldwin, John \v.
Hillmon and John H. Brown, and that
Hillmon's life was insured, and that
Frederick Adolphus Walters was mur
dered by Hillmon and his body at
tempted to be palmed off on the com
panies as HiHmon's. The case has
been tried five times. The first trial
was at Leavenworth, June, 18S2. The
Jury failed t<". agree, seven being for
the plaintiff and five for the defendant.
The second trial was at Leavenworth
in June. is*s. The Jury again failed
to agree, the vote standing 6 to 6. The
third trial was at Topeka, resulting in
a verdict for th>> plaintiff. The cap.'
went to the Supreme Court, where the
Judgment of the lower court was re
versed. The next tfial was before
Judge Thomas of North Dakota, and
eleven Jurymen stood out for Mr 3.
Hillmon. A fifth trial was held before
Judge Williams, the jury standing 5
to 7 in favor of Mrs. Hillmon.
The sixth trial has l»een set for Feb
ruary 14, 189 S. and will yet he tried un
loss the Mutual I,ife and Connecticut
Mutual follow the example set by the
X.\v York L ffe to-day, and compro
mise the claims.
The document filed at a late hour
to-nipht with Georpe F. Sharritt. clerk
of the Feder.il Court, by Mrs. Hlll
mon's attorney, C. F. Hutching, la not
a dismissal of the case, although the
lawyers declare that that is practically
what it amounts to. it simply trans
fers Mrs. Hillmon's right and title to
the claim to one James F. Lord, who. It
is understood, Is a director of the com
pany.
Judpe Foster is not i" the city and
the attorneys say that the papers filed
to-day put the case in proper form for
dismissal when hf> arrives.
ECUADOR THREATENED
WITH AN INVASION.
Copvrl<rht. IS9«. by J.inv»s Oor<3nn Bennett.
PANAMA, Jan. il.— received to-day
this dispatch from President Elroy Alfaro
Of Ecuador, under Quito date:
"To the Editor .of tho Herald: Our
enemies are endenvoiinp to Invade our
country from the south, but they fear the
Government of Pern, which has promised
this country to prevent any violation of
the neutrality law.
"ELROY ALFAPO, President."
Advices by wire from the Hcrald'B cor
respondent In Guayaquil state that
Ecuador Is seriously threatened with a
revolution acalnst President Alfaro. A
larp*» armed body, headed by exiled chiefs
of the clerical and conservative parties
now In Peru, have gathered at the fron
tier, and v.ill attempt to invade the Ecua
dorean province of I,oja. Both Ecuador
and Peru are putting forth every effort
to prevent the threatened invasion.
The Wasp This Week-
With each week's Issue The "Wasp
gives more evidence of the correctness of
Its claim of being "the leading illustrated
weekly Journal on the Pacific Coast." '
This week's issue of The Wasp is not I
only Inviting: typographically but Inter
esting and up to date in literary and pic
torial features. The personage addressed
in Plain Talks to Public Characters 1b
Attorney Phiibrook and that gentle
man's conduct Is breezily questioned.
The Salvation Army and other organ
ized religious bodies following in their
wake are written about In the "Under
the X Ray" column. The latest society
sensation and other things transpiring in
the smart set are entertainingly, treated j
in The Wasp's "Personalities." In the
Financial, the Books and Authors, the
Old Maid's Diary and the Round and
About column is handled many timely
topic?. The half-tones are numerous and !
are an attractive feature of The Wasp. ;
Of the cartoons the one suggesting a
"Happy Family" cage for the zoo, with
Supervisors Britt and Clinton for ; cen
tral figures-., is particularly clever. Presi
dent Dole's reception without the usual i
salute and Germany's acceptance of a I
useless Chinese port from the Mongolian I
"gold brick" operator are also well cxc- ;
cut-ed and laughable.
BRINGS MINERS
FROM DAWSON
Forty-Five Klondikers on
the Steamship City
of Seattle.
Three of. the Number Are Dele
gates Who Will Go To
Ottawa.
Sent by Claim Owners to Interview
Premier Laurier Regarding the
Regulations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 21.— The
steamer City of Seattle arrived to
night, bringing forty-five prospectors
from Dawson. Among the passengers
were the three delegates sent by the
miners of Dawson to Ottawa to inter
view Premier Laurier and other mem
bers of the Canadian Government re
garding the Government mining regu
lations, with some of which the miners
are dissatisfied.
No special news vras brought down
by the returning miners.
CONTEST OF CREED ES WILL.
Evidence Concerning the Agreement of Sep-
aration Has All Been Taken.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 21.— A1l of the evi
dence on the first branch of the Creede
case— the question as to the validity of
the agreement of separation and settle
ment, often referred to as the $20,000 con
tract — was concluded to-day. The attor
neys will begin their arguments next
Tuesday.
It is quite probable that Judge Clark
will not render his decision on the branch
of the case just tried until after he has
heard the evidence in regard to the other
more important proposition, which, the
contestants will try to prove, is that the
will itself is a forged instrument.
FORTUNE FOR MRS. YOUNG.
Decree of Divorce Against a Dead Man Va-
cated by the Court.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 21.— Judge Van
Dyke has granted a motion to vacate a
decree of divorce in the now somewhat
celebrated Young case.
The plaintiff, William Young, sued for
a divorce. A decree was granted verl\\y.
but before the papers could be signed
Young died. However, Judge Van Dyke
signed the decree on stipulation of theat
torneys, although he declared the suit
abated by Young's death.
Shortly afterward Young's uncle. Jo
seph MeCullagh. the St. Louis editor,
died, leaving a very large estate. By
Judge Van Dyke's decision Young's
widow is now entitled to her share of
about $75,000.
Vacaville' & Macadamized Road.
VACAVILLE. Jan. 21.— The good road
movement is something more than talk
in Vacaville township. The project of
macadamizing the main highway is being
realized. The first section, about half a
mile in length, laid two years ago. has
just been completed across the valley for
two miles. N'.xt season it will be run
south to town and connect with a mac
adamized road built by the town of Vaca-
Vtlle.
Dinghy Tariff Felt Abroad.
ROME. Jan. 21.— The action of the Ding
ley tariff has caused a crisis in the orange
and lemon trade in the southern province
of the peninsula and in Sicily. In many
places prices are so low that fruit does
not pay for the plucking.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, January 51.
Stmr Colon. Macklnnon, 22 days from Pan
ama and way ports: pass and mdse to Pacific
Mall Steams-hip Co. -. ■
. Schr Queen. Edwardson, 9 days from Ever
ett: lumber to S II Harmon Lumber Co.
Schr J (I Wall. Bjornstrom. 7 days from Til
lamook; lumber to Truckee Lumber Co. '
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY- Sailed Jan 21— Schr Re
porter, for Newport.
BCWBNfI LAXniNTi- Arrived Jan 21-Sch?
Monterey, hem-e Jan 20.
Sailed Jan 21 - Srhrs Newark and Man' Etta,
for San Francis-'.
POINT AKBXA— Sailed Jan 21— Schr Co
rinthian, for San Francisco.
WEAK MEN
Weak Men
Weak Men
Weak Men
n"rTd M i Weak Men
" in a s 3 Weak Men
I Week. I Weak Men
■-■-■-■-n-H Weak Men
A WEAK MAX HAS NO nEART TO DO
*» anything well. No matter how ardently
he wishes to succeed something will atop him,
for the reason that he has not the power to
bridge the river where It is roughest.
Weak men don't succeed in life. Weak men
i beget their weaknesses. They get It in a variety
of ways. -They get weak through errors in
i early life, through dissipation, late hours, bad
; habits, whisky, abuses. Abuse does more harm
to our young generation than war, than pesti-
lence. Abuse deprives the individual of his
, health and strength. Moderation tends to lon-
gevity. Young man, you who are weak, you
who are debilitated, you who have contracted
evil habits, beware of nervous or complete
prostration. If you are suffering from Ner-
vous Debility take the certain cure. It Is the
Hudyan Remedy treatment. If you are suffer-
ing from Prostatorrhea the certain cure is the
Hudyan Remedy treatment. Hudyan ran be
had only from the old Hudson medical doctors.
fIUPYAN CURES DISEASES AND DIS-
ABILITIES OF MEN ONLY.
Write to the doctors for CIRCi'LARS and
TESTIMONIALS or c.r.Fuit them free.
BLOOD POISON ■•. A certain cure for
BLOOD -POISON Blood poison is the
BLOOD POISON (treat SO-day cure. The
BLOOD POISON 30-day cure cures Blood
BLOOD POISON Poison in the first, sec-
BLOOD POISON ondary or tertiary
• state.
Consult the doctors or write for 30-day
BLOOD-CURE CIRCULARS.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
. Junction Stockton, Market and Ellis Street:.
Consult the Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult the Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult the Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult the Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult the Hudson Doctors'Frce.
i NEW TO-DAY.
W^^^ff l^^^ Winchester Repeating Arms Co.
*/ i Ilc^ "/c^B^,- 418 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
-
T HE STAR.
JAMES H. BARRY,
Editor. |
CLINTON AND BRITT.
MISSION ZOO STEAL,
SCHOOL BOARD "SOLID NINE,"
FENDERLESS -CAR MURDERS,
SALVATION COLONIES,
; ■ All the Live Issues of the pat,
84 CANCERS CURED
i^jfTfc State of California.
Jf"h_ C It/ "^County of San Fran-
# M I Cisco — Dr. S. R.
{ i Vfc~<fXZBraL _/y Chamley of 719 Mar-
V \ BB^S&Sr^&ia&Br ket street personally
■ 1 «^H6S wl^r^ appeared before me
JM iBH . 'j,' 1 .&*«&_ an(l swears that he
l^r hWv^^rW^^Bß^. has cured eighty-four
iLrySWB^HH * cancers during the
* JTIfT7~J TlfT7~ * A- J year of 1397. Some
|s**Sfe^fe{' s '^^a were cured free and
• >'\vT 'St-i^arw ether? were charjfeii
JbS" j ßf^^« fro!n *-•' t0 *■■ '"'• ac "
cordinK to size. He
£\?^^^*SMF^ 3 He also swears that he
H IB _*r^L.^J M V has refused as many
«rfa^«"^ VSatlS' more cases, as they
were too far advanced to warrant a cure. He
, swears his cash receipts for the year are $5200.
with a balance of over $1000 due. He sends free
' a 75-page book on cancers and tumors cured
without knife or pain. No pay until cured.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 31st
day of December, 1597. A. J. HENRY,
Notary Public.
I ■ — . —
PCa.feheater'a Eocllah Diamond Bran*.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-■j»~Vv Orl«lnml and Only Genuine. A
•»rc, a.liraj< rellnl.le. ladies ut at\
f' ' 1 tiv»" Druiglss for Chtehtiter't Si.altiH I>i<t-Jfj\\
fr ! *V> ? '2SiJ<^ r »' MIJ Brand la liedl »nd Goli mt\.*.\VK\\fS
TV —^KvJhoiM. i"-«led with blue ribb«o. Take VS«?
TO« <9^ other. Rtfate dangerov* rui«tit>»- V
I'M ~ iff tiont and imitation*. At DroggUti. orwu44«.
I l^. JJU In «tan:p§ for _particcl*r9. ti'«ttmonUL . » d
» <•» JO " Keller for Lndlen," in Uttrr, bT r*lira
«L 17 MnlL 10.000 TM»lmoi)l«>. !tmcui,*avrr.
»~r'eh!i!hc«t»T Chemical Co., M«<i!»on r <
•dbT »H f^v-' " -"" . """M*..n
/ RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Hill ■HBllMll 111 CALIFORNIA
l^ft.^lo; LIMITED.
jlf^^^^l SAN FRANCISCO
l^ a S^r^?*=Jj CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers, 3%
days to Chicago, 4V4 days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m.. carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. Direct connection in Chicago and
; Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office. 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main
1520. Oakland office, HIS Broadway. Sacra-
mento office. 201 J street.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot ot" Market St.
B AN FRANCISCO TO BAN «* v.*
WEEK DAYS— 7:IO. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; UW.
1:10, 10 " 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trip* at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m. «
■V^iVS 9:JO - v:o ° ••-•!■"*. "■
SAN RAFAEL TO SA.* FRANCISCO. ...
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50. 9:JO. 11:10 a. m -
11:45. 8:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trine
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
BT^NPAYS— B:IO. 8:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40 34ft.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetr«n Park
j same schedule as above.
* ?i cave , * ' in Pffoot Arrive
San Francisco. octW. San Francisco.
Sffl SSL *-£&- d s aT; ) Sg^;
7:30 a.m. 8:00 a.m. Novato. 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
3:30 p.m. 9:30 a.m. Petaluma. 6:10 p.m. 10-25a.n£
S:lC'p.m. a:(X)p.m. Santa Rosa. 7:85 p.m. B:32p'.m.
F«l ton.
7 **- m - Windsor.- 10:25 a.m.
Hta Ids burg-,
l-.viton.
. G*yB#rvme,
»:aop.m.!BK)oa.m.: Cloverdala 7:asp.m. 6 :ap.m.
1 IHopland and I ' ""
7:.10».m.;9:(10a.m. Uktah. j 7:Ssp.m. «:22p. m
1 :Soa.m. ) i ' 1 .«.»., _
8:00 a.m. Gnernevill«. 7:85 p. m lu - oa - m -
8:S0p - m - ! : . I C:22p.m.
7 :«a.m.S :00a.m. 1 Sonoma 10:40 a.m. 8:40a.m!
6:10p.m.|6:00p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6-23pra.
B^SSK a?Se a rVilfe n ?or R S°Sg^^^
Cloveriiale for the Geysers; at Honlnn^ ,
i Highland Spnnss. Kelse^^nfe 1 . "s^^bl^
Lokeport and Bartlett Springs; at Ukish fni
Laurel Pah i.akc. rpper Lak« Pnmn «5.
Valley. John Days. &versldT LlirlTy"; |g."£ p
Va ley. John Day>. Riverside. Llerler' Buck'
s. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, BolneVlfl.
£&. Hot S Springs. Mendoclno '«*s??
Bragg, Westport. Uaa!. »-"». i-ort
aca cd U ra!es tO Monday round-trip Ucket. at^
.On fiunaayj round-trip tickets to all mi,,.,
beyond San Rafael at half rate*. Polnu
toUM&. <*"**-*»■'**** BtNet - Chromcl.
A i W. FOSTER. R. X. RTAM
Prea. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. A«.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
i w (Via Sausalito Ferry.) ,
Leave San Francisco Commencing Nov.
K -^^r£Af«F n
»«ncl^o, or flenhoulng Tavern"r TamaiD 8 ?a?
&AIL.B.OAD TRAVFTi.
POItTIIKBN IV*« IFIC COMPAST.
(PACIFIC URKKkV.)
Trnina leave nu<l »!••«■ <•»«- to iirrite as
sax VltA9iC'lM€<».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From January 1, 1398. — arrive
•6:00 a Kilea, San Joaa and Way Stations... •8:43 a
TsOOa, Tlenicia, Suisiui and Sacramento 10:45 a
7:OOa SlarysTillc, OroTilloand Iteddice ria
Woodland 5:43p
7:OOa Yacavillo and Ramsey 8:1.1 v
7:30 a Martinez. San Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
Calistosa and Santa Rosa., 6:1
SiOOa Atlantic Expreaa, Ofileu and Kast.. 8:-*!ip
»::m»a Kiles, Ran Juso. .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville, Chico,
Tehamaandßcil 4MB*
•9:3©a reterg, Milton ami Oakdale "7:15*
0»o«A New Orleans Kxprcss, Merced, Ray-
mond, Itinu. ltaktralielil. Santa
Jiitrliara, [«■ Augetea, Iteming.
Xl I'auo, Now Orleans and East. Bi43p
9:00 a Vallejo. Martinez, Meroed and
Fresno 12:15p
•l:OOp B»craniouti> 1 liver Stoumera »0:OOp
l:OOr ink*. San Jceo acd Way Stations.. t9:13.\.
l:3Or Martinez and Way Stations... 7x43p
8:OOr Liverraore, Mendota, Hanford and
Vi3a!ia 4il3p
LiTerriiore, San Jose, Nlles and Way
Stations J10: 13 a
4:»«p Martin*-/:, Han Itamon, Vallejo,
'Napa, < 'allstoga, Xl Verano and
Uiuita Uosa StlS A
4t—r Benlcla, VaeavlUe. WooiUand, .
Knights Landing, Murysvllle, Oro- -
tIIIo ami (-iicniimMito IO:4Sa
4>SOp NUes, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7113p
4:30p Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Bercnda.
I'reeno, Mojavo (for Randaburg),
Santa Barbara and l.on Angelos.. 7>43a.
4:»op Kaiiln. ]<'o Boatft. Atlantic Koreas
for Mojiivu ami ICast •t43p
ITS:SOp " Sunset Limited," Los Angeles, El
Paso, Fort Worth, Little Rook, St.
Louis, Chicago and East §10:1
•C.V.3OP Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso.
New Orleans and East flOitSA
8:O«r Ki;ri>i>t.iii Mail, Ofjdtm and Ka.tt. ... 9:45 a
6:««i- llaynaiilii, NiUsuml Han J05e...... 7:43 a
t»««»f Valicjo +7 :43p
BittOr Oregon ll l > Hacranieiit(), Marys-
visit-. JtiMldlnif. Portland, IV.get
t ' Boinidand l'.uMt 8:13 a
SAJi LK\M>lt(» AM) HAVWAItItN I,o< AL.
(Foot of Market Street.) '
<«6:OOa1 : : ( 7:15 a
S:0Oa HolroHC, Seminary Park, *»9:4« a
iSJoSa Fltehbur ,Elmhar9t, \\ l s£
ill:OOA San I-e.iu<lro, South Han ia:l&r
U . 8.50.°.!. 50 .°. ! Leandro,Estudillo, gj«g*
tit:oo'p Lorento, Cherry \ tl:43p
•»«OOP 'a *3:43p
s:ottp t »»<> 6:1.-5p
s:sop Haywardi. 7:ir >P
7:»i)p h:«sp
S:OOp * lliin9 through to Nileg. ! 0:43p
♦♦•? : ?? P 'FromNiles I 10:3 CV
Hll.-l.lp } !. 1tIg:OOi»
COAST DIVISION (.larroir <.juium).
(Foot of Market Street.)
■ il!»A Nowaik.<;ciitcr»ill,.,Sai..l(«c,l>itoii,
Uouldcr Crock, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations a :S9
••ilßp Newark, Cenlertille, San .lose. New
Aliuadeii, Fclton, Moulder Creek,
.. Santa Cruz and Princii>»l Way
Stations "19:110*
i.tli? 1 Newark. S:1 " •'"«'• and Los Gatos ... 9:SO A
tll>43p Hunters Excursion, SaD Jose and
Way Stations }7:8 Op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FrtaiSiK FR.IKCISCO— root of Market Street (Slip 8)—
33 «BgSSR£ n:o ° ' 2:00 » :W
rrosi OtlUßD— Foot of Broadwajr.— "6:oo 8.-00 10-00* M
tl2:00 «1:00 tB:QQ *3:00 ti:CO "3:00
COAST l» VISION (Uroad«ange).
{Third nnd Townsend St^.)
6: 85 a Man Jose :n,«l Way Station* (New *
Alinaden Wednesdays only) 0:33 a
tiOOA Kan Joso. Tres l'inoa, KunU Crux.
Facliic (lrora. Paso ]tnl)le8, Nan
l.iith <»>i<i>o, Guadalupe, Surf and
I'rinciinil Way Stations 4:15p
IO:4Oa San .1 mo am I Way Stations # 8:OOa
■■•Ma San Joso and Wny Stations 8:3Oa
■*:3Oi- San Mateo. Redwood, Meulo Park,
Santa Clara, Han .lose, Gllroy,
Hollister, Haata Crux, Salinas;
Monterey and Paatße <!r0v0...... «IO:4O\
•3il3p San .li.isr and Principal Way Stations *O:«O\
MllSr San aud Principal Way Stations 9:43*
•Stoop Joso and Principal Way Stations l:30p
3:3»i> San Jose awl Principal Way Stations s:3<>p
G:3«i- San Jose and Wny .Statious 7:liOp
1ll:43 t ' San JosPi>n.l Way Statmng ?:X«tp
A for mine « • P for Afternoon.
• butiilnrs evcei't.-il. t Sundays only. ♦ Saturdays only.
it Monday, Xhuiada; and Saturday nights only.
II Mondays and Thursdays.
f Wcunwidays and Saturdays.
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
Prom September 10. 1837, trains will run a*
follows: ■ . . * ~
~ Southbound. 1 Northbound!
**^ juX «««. iK&p^
Daily. Exc'p-td . . . Exc'p'td D^ify.
7:Soa.m.' 9:00 a.m. Stockton i B*s n.m fi -m nm ~
8:10 a.m. 13:50 p.m. Merced 12 : 5O d m I M S"^
10:40 a.m. 3:50 p.m. 1 Fresno j j":30 am' ; |nS
11:40 a.m. 5:20 p.m. Hanford « a "a! 115 n'S
12:15 p.m. 6:45 p.m. Visalia I 6 :W a^m l' : W nSi
Stopping at intermediate points when r"eQiU?S
Connectlons-At Stockton with steamboat!
C. N. & 1. Co., leaving San Pranelseo ami
Stockton at 6:00 p. m. daily; at Mer^M wit J
■tagea (to and irom.Bnellln*s, Coulterville. eto. ;
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
. .Via Sausalito Ferry.
From t ßaa Franclscor^menctag Sept.tnbtt .
1:86 •_ tn. weekdays for CaiadiV« j,
•unda/, tor Point Rey^and "Si 'JSt&m^PREPARING
FOR THE BIG PARADE
OVER 1400 school children drilled on
the southern end of Van Ness
avenue yesterday morning- to pre
pare themselves for the big parade
on Monday.
There were twenty companies
present, six of which were formed of
girls, and all the line and field officers
of the regiment were chosen from the
school children themselves. The schools
represented were the Horace Mann,
James I. irk. Everett, Mission, Hamilton,
Franklin, Pacific Heights, Crocker, Lin
coln, "Washington and John Swett. Each
of the six schools first named sent a com
pany of girls as well as one of boys.
The regiment was under the command
of Professor George S. MJehllng, Instruc
tor In physical exercise in the schools
named. He formed his line at half-past
9 with the first companies to arrive, and
then, as the others came up, they were
added until the column grew to imposing
length. Evolutions in columns of fours
and of platoons, the wheels and the flank
marches, the dresses and regimental and
battalion formations were all gone
through with, and about 11 o'clock the
column was broken and the children were
Bent back to their schools.
The parade was mainly for the pur
pose of teaching the majors of the vari
ous battalions then J titles, and to teach
the children in thr tanks the' necessity
of listening for orders from their immedi
ate commanders and from no one else.
The companies had already become famil
iar with the details of the various evolu
tions through their drills at their own
schools, and so they readily learned what
was wanted of them yesterday. Before
the regiment dispersed Mlehling presented
to each company the banner which it will
carry in the parade.
The officers of the regiment are as fol
lows.
George B. Miehllng, commanding: lieuten
ant-colonel, Harry F. Grady; majors— Miss
Gertrude V. Connolly, Clara Helms, A. S.
Wiester, Walter G. Much, F. Peters and .T.
Apple; aids— Stanley Prior, Robert Laxle
Lester J. Hammersmith. William F. La
Grange, George H. Petters, Louis Crowley
and Charles N. Ellinwood; trumpeters—
Potts. Gordon Kenzie and Will Dewey.
Horace Mann Grammar School. 72 girls —
Georgia M. Barnes, captain: Ethel Slympson
and Emma Williams, lieutenants.
Hamilton Grammar School, 72 girls —
Murray, captain; Ida Flnlay and Helen Katz,
lieutenants.
Mission Grammar School. 72 Minnie
Joseph, captain; Anna Heine and Miss Moore,
lieutenants.
Franklin Grammar School, 72 girls—Henri
etta Glynn. captain; Alice Crow and Edith
Igoe, lieutenants.
Everett Grammar School. 72 girls— Hattle
Wright. captain; Effle Nicol and Maud
"Whigham, lieutenants.
James Lick Grammar School, 72 girls— Pearl
DYNAMITER
AT WORK IN
CHINATOWN
Peace of the Mongols'
New Year Dis
turbed.
A Partially Successful At
tempt to Blow Up
a House.
One Room Completely Wrecked
and the Occupants Badly
Frightened.
THE MOTIVE NOT KNOWN.
Police Hard at Work on the Cas« and
Hopeful of Apprehending the
Perpetrator-
The usual custom among the China
men of burying the hatchet at New
Tears' time and being at peace with all
men, was broken this year by an al
most successful attempt to blow up a
house located at 27 Washington al
ley yesterday morning. A little before
t o'clock officers Peters and Fred
Smith, who were on duty in China
town to prevent the shooting of fire
crackers, heard a lively fusilade in the
direction of Fisk alley, and this was
followed immediately by a loud explo
sion. The police hurried toward the
place where they had heard the noise,
but were unable to locate any trouble,
a.nd thought that some ardent wor
jhiper of his joss had exploded a bomb.
Later in the morning Sergeant Shea
Df the Chinatown squad was informed
by Chin Bin, the proprietor of the
house, that an attempt had been made
to blow up his place. Bhea went to
the house and found that some explo
sives had been placed under a door on
the first landing of the stairs and that
the second floor of the house had been
very badly wrecked. The stairway was
broken, the door torn from the wall,
one side of the partition badly shat
tered and the other completely blown
to pieces. Seven men were sleeping In
the room wrecked by the explosion and
were somewhat bruised by the falling
timbers. In the third story, which was
occupied by women, a bed was broken
and glass in the windows shattered.
Detectives Gibson, Wren and Cap
tain Bohen were put on the case to
help Sergeant Shea, but up to a late
hour had been unable to discover the
miscreant or the motive. A oareful ex
amination of the premises failed to re
veal any traces of a bomb, and the po
lice have come to the conclusion that
it must have been dynamite, but that
It must have been a rather small stick
Bryßton. captain ; Margaret Thompson and
Dora Braun, lieutenants. l
Pacific Heights Grammar School. 72 boys—
Ehelson Potter, captain: Austin Shannon and
Oliver Roberts, lieutenants.
Hamilton Grammar School, 72 boys— A. Mc-
Gunn, captain; C. Linsey and C. Eager, lieu
tenants.
Horace Mann Grammar School, 144 boy? —
William Baker. May Hilton, captains: William
Maurer, Al MeGill, A. McLaughlin, James
Landers, lieutenants.
Lincoln Grammar School, 144 boys— F. Gil
mann and E. Gafltney. captains: R. Fenton, P.
Anderson. E. Dodge and L. Blair, lieutenants;
E. Fleming, C. McLeran, E. Maguire, B.
CALL TO MINERS.
To the Miners of California :
The miners of California have
been assigned a separate division
in the grand parade of the Golden
JuHlee on Monday, January 24.
This division will be headed by
the Calaveras County Miners'
Jubilee band of twenrv-five pieces
and promises to be an important
feature of the patade.
To the miners of California isdne
the credit o c hiving added to the
wealth of the United States a pro
duction of gold amounting; to over
thirteen hundred millions of dol
lars, and they should show by their
numerical strength in the p.ir.icle
the importance of the industry they
represent.
I, theretor?, respectfully call
upon and urge all miner? and all
those interested In the mining In
dustry to join our ranks in the
pande on Monday next.
It is fmportant that ail report at
the California Miners' Association
headquarters, in the m.irbie room at
the Palace Hotel, Saturday or Sun
day, in order that they may be
properly assigned. Those unable
to report at headquarters will
kindly assemble at the Palace
Hotel Monday morning at 9:30.
Yours respectfully,
J. H. NEFF,
President California Miners's As
sociation.
Brandon, C. Johnson, G. Rinaldo, D. Balch. H
Brown. C. Hall and c. Rag***, eerseants
Crocker Grammar School, 72 boys— W r.
nem C pnams taln: A - Oaborn and A Reddlch;
t .J. J ? hl l ?I*' Oramm » r School, 72 boys— F. E.
Littlefleld, captain; J. Jones and F. Soule, lieu
tc mints.
Mission Grammar School. 72 boys— E Ward
captain: W. H*ss and J. Graces, lleutenantr.'
Washington Grammar School, 144 bovs— E
need and T. Dovats. captains: S. Urmy Jack
son, Cashman and Hawlett, lieutenants
or the building would have been blown
to pieces.
Quong Lee, the owner of the building,
and Chin TSin, the occupant, both deny
that they have any enemies nn<l claim
j they know no reason for the attempt to
Injure them. TJv-ir statement is to
be taken -with a grain of salt, however,
as in like cases Chinamen "no sahc
nothing." Chin Rin said he had pe.n
{ a man hanging around the door during
j the evening, and that the fellow had
| gone up the stairs a couple of times, but
!as the house was of 111 repute he
1 nought nothing of it. He could give
|no description of the man. Th» police
| have two or three theories of the mo
tive; one is that some one in the house
owed the dynamiter money and failed
to square his accounts as all good Mon
golians do at the end of the year. Cap
tain Bohen believes that It was the
work of a highbinder who had wanted
money on which to celebrate and who,
upon being refused, took his revenge.
There are a number of Chinamen
from out of town here for the holidays.
The fact that dynamite or giant powder
was used leads to the belief that some
one from the powder works is the
guilty party, and the officers are hope
ful of his apprehension.
WON THE SPRECKELS CUP.
Trje Luriines Easily Defeat "the
port Masons at Water Polo.
The third match for the Spreekels
challenge cup between the Fort Mason
T'"lo Team and the L<urline Swimming
Club took place last evening- at the Lur
line baths, in the presence of a large
number of spectators. The L,urllne boys
found the soldiers e.asy victims, and they
won with hands down by the score of
S to 2.
But for overconftdence upon the part of |
Goalkeeper Wldeman the Fort Mason j
club would have been shut out. In the
first half he permitted Smith to catch j
him off his guard and an easy goal was
the result. In the second half Straus 1
throw for a goal was a scratch, pure and |
simple, as he hardly realized that he had :
the ball. It came to him on a long, j
chance throw when he was not expecting i
It, and before Wideman saw where. it was i
he managed to get it through the goal !
posts. The Lurlines clearly outclassed
the Fort Masons at every point of the
game, and in their team work they were
especially superior to their opponents.
Brewer and Geddea were the bright stars
of the Luriines, while for the Fort Ma
fi! n i? lv . b Smitn and Captain Bailey did
the best work.
The polo Kama was preceded by a 50- i
yard dash between Clyde .Hathorne and
h. .A. \\ideman, which was won by the
latter in the remarkably fast time of
24 4-5 seconds. This was followed by a re- !
lay race of 500 yards, between two teams j
?J aXa X iRi ° the members of the Lurline
L *» T £ me mbers of the first team
W^ e Dougal - G *ddes, De Lyons, Bray
■££.7m* i ? eman ' and those composing the j
second team were Bozlo. Shepard. Steet
heimer. Brassy and Hathorne. The sec
ond team won the race in 5:40 flat
Some very excellent feats in high fancy
ana I grotesque diving followed. These ex
■£S °»nmX er l. Bl t ven « by Brew er. McDou.
aSid£ O SJ'i5S!£- Bray « DC Lyons ' F "
hilw^Ma 9: l 0 i °! clock whftn referee Elliott I
blew his whistle as a signal for the polo I
up^'fonows^ 6006 - The two teams lfned
Lurlines-W. C. Pomin (captain) right
forward; J. A. Geddes. left forward- M
de Lyons center forward; H. F Brewer
center back; A. S. Cunha, right ' b irk P i
6 " baCk ' a " d *• *^. '
Fort Mason— G. D. Bailey 'captain) left I
forward; F. Gerak. right forward Clyde I
Hathorne. center forward; F. L Panv
left back; A. L. Straus, center back- a
MaeKillop, goalkeeper, and Lloyd Smith, l
Two halves of fifteen minutes each were
played In the first half the Lurlines
scored five goals to the Fort Mason's one i
and In the second half they added four
The fac-aimile .rrf s/*#. ■* is on erery.^Tappe?
signature of i^uz//jrj^^^ of CASTOKIA.
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALX., SATURDAY, JAXI'AEY 22, 1898.
Franklin Grammar School. 72 boys— O. Dex
ter, captain; O. Gahlclott and C. Dicky. lieu
tenants.
Jamen Lick Grammar School, 72 boys W.
Curtis, captain; A. Belknap and J. Newberg-lu,
lieutenants.
Everett liramraar School. 72 boys— Frank Mc-
Guvern. captain; James Campbell and Clarenc* 1
Jefferles, lieutenants.
When In the parade the companies of
girls will precede the companies of boys;
the company from the Horace Mann
School will lead the girls and the com
pany from the Pacific Heights School
will lead the boys. The boys will be in I
trade all through, and the girls will
await their place in line at Fell street,
and as the culumn passes up Market
street they will fall in without any delay
and reniidn In line until the parade dis
bands. The Hebrew Orphans' band, com
posed of children from the Hebrew Or
phanage, h;is been employed to lead the
girls' division.
The parade committee has announced
with prid.- and much evident satisfaction
that It la able to add $.~.i>j more to the
1600 appropriated for children's day. It
will also add $450 to the amount origin
ally provided for the display of night
fireworks at different points of the city.
The competitive drill for the public and
private school children on children's day
is not confined to the pupils under the
direction of Professor Miehllng and Pro
fessor Stahl, but is open to any company
of school children in San Francisco. The
companies may be either boys or girls.
No uniform Is necessary, and" the school
exhibiting the most excellent drilling
ability will be awarded a handsome silk
banner by the jubilee parade committee.
An incorrect idem in regard to tne in
strumental concert and the literary and
niusi<';il exercises to be held in Wood
ward's Pavilion on Monday afternoon
seems to have become fixed In the minds
of the public
No admission fee or card of admission
will be required. The entire house, con
sisting of over ."W0 seats, will he thrown
open to the public, with the exception of
ii small portion of the house which Is to
be leserved for specially invited guests
and for the press.
The folowing reception committee has
been appointed by Mrs. Cser>evieve Baker,
chairman of the Native Daughters of the
<;<>Mfn West Golden Jubilee comittee:
Mrs. C. S. Baker (chairman), Mrs. Capp.
Mrs. Dr. Campbell, Mrs. Day, Miss
Waters, Miss Hinck, Mrs. Mills. Mrs.
Greene, Miss McCarthy, Miss Mulcay,
Miss S.-humann. Mrs. Brown, Mrs. Dan
i. is, Mrs. f'reiph, Mrs. Cartts, Mrs. Rader.
The Irish and Trtsh-American residents
of Ocean View, folma and Baden, d^sir
inß- to form a section of the Celtic divi
sion in the parade, have called a meeting
f'>r Sunday afternoon, in Murphy's Hall.
• View, to make arrangements for
th« ir turning out.
At the Mechanics' Pavilion preparations
for the Mining Fnir, which is to open
with a grand concert ftnd an entertain
menl Jointly rr»T'nr«?d by the manage
ments of the jubilee and the fair, a we^k
from to-nmht. are beginning to assume
sn:q>e and form.
One exhibit at the fair from which
thos<> intending to visit the Klondike will
derive great benefit is that of practical
whipsawing. On the floor of the Pavilion
a pk is to be constructed, as well as the
necesF.-iry bearers, stringways and posts.
t'P"n these the visitors will be shown by
skilled woodsmen just exactly how, in
Alaska, It will be necessary to transform
rough logs from the forest into planks
Buitable for building pm puses.
John O'Brien, a shipwright. 65 years old,
residing in Oakland, has h^on asked by
the management to superintend the work
in this exhibit.
more to their score, while their opponents
only got one. The Lurlinos scored their
last K"al with only a minute and a half
\. This wa« none by a pretty ex
hlhition of team work. They rushed the
ball straight into their opponents' terri
tory, ana l>e Lyons threw ■ beautiful
low goaL The poal was ki-pt almost en
linly in Fort Mason's territory, and at
no stage of the game did they have a
show to win, although the soldiers put up
a stubborn contest. With last night's
victory the championship of the coast
goes to the Lurline club and the privi
lege of retaining In th>-ir possession for
another B* :i son the Spreekr-ls cup.
During the evening a number of musi
cal selections were rendered by the Lur
line orchestra.
FREEHOLDERS
WERE IN ERROR
Adopted a Misleading Section
Concerning Super
visors.
They Unintentionally De(»r«a«ed the
Boar*! Instead of Increas
ing It.
The freeholders who are to frame a
new code of laws for the government of
the municipality discovered last night
that they had made a bad mistake In
hurriedly passing the first portion of the
report of the legislative committee. The
legislative body of the city and county
under the charter being frumed will con
sist of a board of eighteen Supervisors,
who shall be elected by general ticket—
or at least it was the Intention of the
lawmakers to make such provision. Af
ter providing that there shall be eighteen
Supervisors, to serve for two years, the
committee recommended that "the board
as first constituted by this charter shall
so divide Itself by lot that nine members
of said board shall go out of office at the
expiration of the first year and the other
nine members at the expiration of the
second year, and thereafter nine mem
ber .shall be elected annually to said
board."
The committee report was unanimously
adopted Wednesday nipht, and it was not
until last night that any of the freehold
ers discovered the mistake. Under the
section as adopted eighteen Supervisors
would be elected at first— nine to go out
at the end of the first year and the re
maining nine at the end of the second
year, and thereafter nine members would
be elected annually. While it was the in
tention of the committee to provide for a
board of eighteen Supervisors, the law
as suggested would only provide for a
board of eighteen members for the first
>t,ir after the adoption of the charter
and nine members from then on.
When the mistake was called to the
attention of t li >• freeholders by Joseph
O'Connor the adoption of the section was
revoked and the provision referred back
to the legislative committee to amend.
The remainder of the session was de
voted to a general discussion of the
powers to be vested in the Supervisors
The j?r*at and troublesome point was
concerning the imposition of license taxes
Several of the members believed that
the charter should specify on what occu
pations, businesses or professions license
taxes should be Imposed. After a long and
tiresome argument it was finally decided
to vest in the Supervisors the power "to
lay, levy and impose and to provide for
the collection of license taxes."
It was also decided to incorporate a sec
tion in the proposed laws providing that
every ordinance for the granting of
franchises for the supply of light or
water, or for the purchase of lands for
municipal purposes at a cost to exceed
$10,000, must be first submitted to the vote
of the electors.
The board will meet again next Tues
day night.
The steam schooner North Fork, which left here last Sunday, had a hard time of it entering Humboldt
Bay. While on the bar she was pooped by three seas in succession and a considerable amount of
damage was done. Three doors were torn f rcrn staterooms and the passengers had to seek safety
in the social hall.
CAUGHT ON A
BREAKING BAR
The North Fork Had a
Hard Time of It Get
ting Into Eureka.
More Klondikers Started Yes
terday on the Umatllla
for Dyea.
A Rush Among the R«t«il Dealers to
Secure Coal From th« Bark
Wilna.
The steam schooner North Fork had '
a narrow escape on the Eureka bar last
Monday. She left here early Sunday
morning and had a rough time of It
all the way up the coast. Crossing
in at Eureka three heavy seas swept
her, one after the other, and several
of the passengers thought she was go
ing down. The railing was torn from
the upper deck, stairs carried away,
stateroom doors broken In, staterooms
flooded to a depth of two feet and the
smoking-room gutted. A private let
ter received yesterday says the doors
were torn off staterooms 6, 8 and 10
and the occupants drowned out. The
peas swept almost over the pilot-house
and the whole steamer was almost un
der water. She rose out of the trough
of the sea like a bird, only to be buried
again and again until the passengers
gave up hope and began to say their
prayers. It was all over In half an
hour, and when everybody was safely
on terra flrma they began to laugh at
their fears. The North Fork will be
due back here to-day.
There was another rush of Klondlk
ers by the Umatilla yesterday. They
were down to the steamer bright and
early and seemed on pins and needles
until the starting hour came. On ar
riving at Seattle they will be trans
ferred to the steamer City of Topeka
j and will go to Dyea and Skaguay on
that vessel. Hundreds of people were
down to see the adventurers off, and
many a man among the crowd on the
steamer's decks left a wife on the
wharf weeping over his departure.
Every gold-seeker is "burning with
high hope," but the chances are that
very many of them will be back before
the year is out with their hopes shat
tered. Among those who left an the
Fmatilla were J. B. Sprague, J. C. Da
vis, F. J. Owfus, Mrs. Otenstand, Mrs.
Lemke, E. T. Hatch and wife, C. H.
Davis, J. Daniel, J. F. McXair, W. V.
Curtin, C. Barlow, T. Olsen, J. Ring
■ eld, J. Ebright, A. Robinson, Tl. H.
White, J. J. Quale, A. Quale. W. If.
I Dailey, V. Bejequerz and wife, A. H.
' Isaacs. H. L. Letey and wife, P. Oli
i ver, J. Lepstrom, C. Granz, J. Brown,
G. E. Sargent, J. Kirk, O. Smith, A. C.
Janshu. D. Freidman.
The American ship Henry B. Hyde
and the Russian bark^ntine Bering
, sailed for Honolulu. They are going
i to race down and the captain of the
Ruslan boat Is confident that he can
: beat the Yankee clipper. The Hyde
will load sugar for New York and the
Bering will bring sugar to San Fran
! Cisco.
Nels Nelson, a waiter who lives at 6
Central Place, gave Dr. Deas and
Driver Kelly of the Harbor Receiving
Hospital a scare yesterday. He fell
down stairs and broke his none in two
places. After his wound was dressed
he was put to bed, but while the doc
tor was washing his hands he disap
peared. Kelly made sure he had fallen
down the chute in the stable Into the
bay and procuring a boat began to
search under the wharves for him. In
a little while, however, some longshore
men came into the hospital and told
Dr. Deas that the missing man was on
his way home on the run. Kelly was
called In and th<> hospital resumed its
usual air of quiet.
The scarcity of coal was very evl
The Cuban Scare.
Although the diplomatic entanglement with
Spain over Cuba Is to some extent Influencing
the stock market, Wall street expects no
serious complications. Nevertheless serious
complication with other maladies may 'be ex-
pected to follow an attack of biliousness which
Is not checked at the outsat. The most ef-
fectual means to this end Is Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters, an admirable remedy, more-
over, for dyspepsia, malaria, kidney trouble,
constipation and nervousness. . •
■^ W«irlJl ■end yon a fir* (5) day trial
rUCUI trt»tn .nt oZ v. Ironc* Kamadr
I ™t(l| CALTHOS free. (.. CO. »>.) and
1 RC-^rH * '"« sJ euar»nleo that Cjllthos will
iflT ■ aTOPDltrktrriU!) Cblul«>.
■m. 1 -4». C'l"HUB»»rm»t«rrhr».Vortp - celo,
■X* *"* J " ; * TOliK I##i Xi *T- «v
BKmIhH It ce*t« you nothing to try It.
jVonMohlCO. 440 B StUlwHemm Art».«»^»«U,a
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
ft QQ MARKET • ST.. OPP. "PAJLACB
UOO Hotel. Telephone (70. Realdeoo* 901
Valencia street. ephone, "Church 1 U. j
ON THE EUREKA BAR.
dent on the watej; front yesterday. The
bark W'ilna arrived with 2350 ton 9of
black diamonds and was docked at
John Rosenfeld's Rons' bunkers. From
early in the morning until the bunkers
closed down there was a string of carts
extending as far down as Folsom street
awaiting their turn. As soon as the
! work of discharging the vessel stopped
• for the night the drivers or the wagons
fed their horses and then prepared to
! make themselves comfortable for the
night. Sooner than lose their place
In the line they stayed by their wagons
all night and were ready to get a load
as soon as the hatches were off the
vessel.
Nearly every t\ig In the bay has been
hired by different parties to go to the
launching of the Japanese cruiser Chi
tose this morning. Roth of Henry Pe
terson's launches have been engaged
and a number of scowr have been an
chored in convenient places to give peo
ple who will use them a chance to view
the ceremony.
THE GOVERNOR STILL ILL.
Governor BurUl will not he able to take
part in the Jubilee celebration. He has
be*»n 111 for several weeks, and is now
suffering from a relapfle. A few days ago
he showed marked improvement, and his
friends then thought that he would be
able to Join in the, celebration. When he
became convalescent he found many mat
ters of official importance awaiting him,
and disregarding the injunctions of his
physicians he attempted to attend to
them. The result was that he overtaxed
his strength and will be again forced to
go into retirement.
Governor Budd has looked anxiously
toward the celebration, and expected to
be able to take a part in it, but his phy
sicians informed him yesterday that he
required absolute quiet and rest. Acting
under their advice he went to his home
In Stockton after telegraphing to Lieu
tenant-tJ'ivernor Jeter to represent him
to-day at the launching of the Japanese
cruiser, the Golden Jubilee celebration on
Monday and on such other occasions as
might require his official presence.
To-Day's News Letter
Exposes the daily newspaper opposition
to Devany's sidewalk and signboard order
and shows why it is attacked, and criti
cizes with caustic justice the city Jubilee
decorations. The Crier rakes President
Kellogg of the State University and punc
tures the array's welcome to President
Dole of the Hawaiian Islands. Sparks
tells of a small crowd on a slumming
expedition, and explains why the Cosmos
Club rejects lady applicants for member
ship. Spicy love stories are told; an In
teresting resume of the week in society,
literary and mining matters and bright
paragraphs complete a number of ex
ceptional Interest. All for 10 cents. •
Eggs f^ilFw^ ■ vWI Iwi3w> M
Ii PIPER HEIDSIEGy
mUri ¥%!!!#» TftßAfTft (champagne ""U
Wijk~- IUDAVVU flavor I
i« v^^^ LARGER^ MNIEV S^^^ I
THOMPSON'S STRANGE TALE.
Thomas Thompson, secretary of the
Thompson Bridge Company, was not held
up, n.B he claimed, but lost his money
playing poker.
Last Thursday Thompson visited police
headquarters and told a sensational story
of being held up on Montgomery and Mar
ket streets and robbed of a gold watch
and chain and $5o in cash. The detective
who was detailed to make an investiga
tion last night reported that Thompson
lost his money playing poker in a saloon
on Montgomery street. He believes that
Thompson, in order to "square himself"
with his wife, concocted the story of be
ing held up and robbed.
NEW TO-DAY.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL CONSULT
Wk £*& |5i
DR. SWEANY.
If you are suffering from the results of
indiscretions of youth, or from excesses
of any kind in maturer years; or if you
have Shrunken Organs, Lame Back, Vari-
cocele. Rupture, exhaustive drains, etc.,
you should waste no time, but consult this
Great Specialist; he speedily and perma-
nently cures all diseases of Men and Wo-
men. Call on or write him to-day. He
can cure you. Valuable Book sent Free.
Address
in. Li. S"W~E3.A.ISrY, 1JL.13.
737 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
Jorses!
Owntrs of sad horses -
•willing to rent them for the
use of aids and marshals for
the celebration of Califor-
nia's Golden Jubilee, are re-
quested to communicate with
the Grand Marshal, at head-
quarters, room 168, Palace
Hotel, imm diately. By or-
der,
PARADE COMMITTEE.
NEW TO-DAY.
Young Womanhood. s
-\ '. ' :■'
Sweet young girls! llow often they
develop into worn, listless, and hope-
less women because mother has not
impressed upon them the Jpv
importance of ■PSBraM^fciiM^-^
attending to &f^ WW^^SS^SI
physical de- &2jg M R "^^MB® '
i S e ° x^ n ¥T§^ff\^r
from physi- (/I *"^|r' / \tf) \
nessandper- '^M^irlrV /
iodical pain, ys7%ff "iSs"""^
budding in- / } Ji \ \
to woman- |/ I) A V
hood should be // J 11,1 1, ■» \
guided . physical- *^)f' * V
ly as well as morally. \ \
If you know of any young lady who
is sick and needs motherly advice, ask
her to address Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn,
Mass. , and tell every detail of her symp-
toms, surroundings and occupations.
She will get advice from a source that
has no rival in experience of women's
ills. Tell her to keep nothing back.
\^--=S2_ Her story
i a told to
M Ws&^ Vv^*^^^^" not hesi "
* — tvhich are
essential to a full understanding of
her case, and if she is frank, help *»
certain to come'
AT AUCTION
—BY—
SHAINWALD, BDCKBEE & CO.
Salesroom— 2lB and 220 " Montgomery street,
Mills Building;.
PROBATE SALE
TUESDAY,
Tuesday January 25, 1898,
At 12 O'clock, Noon.
-■. - ■ i
■■■'. * ■*-
By order of Public Administra-
tor A. C. FREESE, Esq.
REFEREE PARTITION SALE.
W. L. Harper, Referee.
Nos. 218 to 220 Ritch street, west line. 200
feet south of Bryant street; 10 flats; rents $33;
lot 50x75 feet..
ESTATE OF ELLEN SLOAN.
Broadway Corner.
8. E. corner Jones and Broadway: lot 47x60
feet, with two frame tenements; grand marine
view; flats on this property would pay well.
ESTATE OF DANIEL DRISCOLL.
Mission and Thirtieth Sts., Extension
Lot.
West line Clinton avenue, 300 feet south of
Berkshire street; lot 25x100; close to San Mateo
electric line. _
ESTATE OF E. S. MATHEWS.
Precita Valley Lot.
South line Prospect place, 230:9 feet west of
Columbia place; lot 30x150 feet to Mary street.
ESTATE OF TIMOTHY I. (iIRLIN, Decease!
8. K. corner Clay and Leavenworth streets;
lots Ss:fixloo feet: No. 1222 Leavenworth street,
Nos. 1329-1331 Clay street: covered with sub-
stantial three-story buildings, two stores and
five flats; solid foundation; excavated base-
ment; total rents, $138 50.
ESTATE OF MARTIN DOUGHERTY.
Ripley Place Dwelling.
North line Ripley place, 223 feet east of Fnl-
som street: lot 50x100 feet, with two-story
house of 4 rooms.
ESTATE OF BRIDGET' KEVIN.
People's Homestead.
Lot No. 9, block No. 11. Sliver avenue, near
Railroad avenue; lot 25x75 feet.
ESTATE OFITc. BONNEY.
Southside Lot.
East line Twenty-eighth avenue, 100 feet
south of "J" street: lot 150x120 feet: six lots
Outside Land Block No. 742; good chance for a
speculation. _
ESTATE OF JOHN S. LITTLE.
Sutter-St. Building Lot.
North line Sutter street. 137:6 feet W. of Scott
street; lot 30:6 2-3x164:1 feet; street work done -
and accepted: Putter street cars pass; errand lot
for flats or residence.
ESTATE OFIOHN TRAP?.
Twenty-fourth Street Residence.
No. 2771 Twenty-fourth street, S. line, 40 feet
east of York street: two-story bay-window
house of 8 rooms and bath: street paved and
accepted: Howard street cars pass the door;
lot 40x100 feet.
ESTATE OF ELIZABETH KELLY.
Mission Cottages.
Not. BS and 58 Merritt street, N. • line, 88.87
feet E. of Rose street; lot 50.78x68.24 and 70
feet: 2 cottages, 3 rooms each: rents $12; street
macadam; close to Eighteenth street electrio
line. " - ' _,
SPEAR-STREET WATER LOT.
Lot N. E. line Spear street. 183:4 feet N. W.
from Folsom street; 1 block from water front;
splendid lot to Improve: would pay good In-
come.
ESTATE OF MARY~LARm FLM.
_ Valencia-St. Investment.
• Nos. 521 and 621% Valencia street, east line. .
815 feet north of Seventeenth street: lot 32x79
feet; store and two flats of 5 rooms each; rents
$50; street paved and accepted.
'. ESTATE OF AMANDA DALLAS. ■'
Polk-St. Income Property.
Nos. 219-21914-219% Polk street, west line. 48
feet south of Fulton street; lot 24xS2%.feet;
three flats of <> rooms and bath each: rents $."0;
this property has a great future:. close to Mar-
ket street and the New City Hall.
ESTATE OF LUCILLE HELEN WIELAND.
Elegant Residence Property.
, Northeast corner California and Webster '
streets; lot 40x132:6 feet, also lot adjoining,
north line California street, 30x132:6 feet; street '
work all done and accepted by the city.
ESTATE OF MARY S. BRYARLY.'
Perry St. Income Property.
No. 21S Perry street, between Fourth .and
Fifth streets, Harrison and Bryant; good two-
story house of 7 rooms; rents $15; lot 25xSO
feet.
ESTATE OF OWEN CLEMENTS."
vj-'/ • Richmond Lot.
East line Eighth avenue. 75 feet south of Cle-
ment street: lot 25x120 feet; street sewered and
macadamized; on line Park branch Sutro elec-
tric road. .
City Land Association.
Lots 27. 28. 29 and SO on Ford street, ; block
No. 11; each lot 25x100 feet; close to Ingleslda
track.
City Land Association. .
Lot 27, block No. 4. Monticello street; lot 25
xIOO feet; close to Ingleside track.
People's Homestead. .
.' Lots 14, 15, 16 and 34. block No. S. on Sweeney
and Hale streets; each lot 20x75 feet.
People's Homestead.
Lot 26, block No. 4, Gaven street, near King;
lot 25x75 feet. -
; Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA . BITTERS, THIS
great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to th« sexual organ*.
56
S A lUR DAY JAN UARY 22, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third SU, S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
LDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson 3 tree
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) l»
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by njall, $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C. OFFICE Rlftft* Hove*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street, corner Clay;
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 rjayes street: open until
9:30 o'clock. 621 MoAlllster street: open until 0:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open until
£ o'clock- 2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock
106 Eleventh St.; open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk street
cper) until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
ond Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
PaldTrln— " The Man From Mexico."
California— "Courted Into Court."
Alcazar— -'A Mini's Lo\ <•" and "Forbidden Fruit"
Moroseo's— -'The. Blue and the Gray."
Tlvoli "Brian Horn."
Orpbeam— Vamievilln.
rsunh The Thalia Gfnnrin-Hobrew Opera Company.
Olympla. Eddy and Mason sts.— Kuohner's Ladies' Orchestra.
The Chutes— Cnlquita and Vaudeville
Lybeck Cycle Sfc;ttln*r Kink- Optical Illusions.
Coursing— -liurii't-id.- Dowsing Park, this afternoon.
California Jockey club. Oakland Rao.-track — Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Eastern & Eld This day, January 22, Turkish Rugs.
at 224 Sutter street, at 2 ami .-< P. M.
By Shalnwald, Buckbeo ,v Co.— Tur-selay, January 25, Real Es-
tate, at 218 Montgomery street at 12 o'clock.
ONLY fiNOTMER YELLOW TRICK-
AS shown on another page in this issue the Ex
aminer lias been caught at one of its character
istic tricks. It announced that for a special edi
tion it had secured certain pictures which had never
been published. For the purpose of convincing it that
its error is known The Call this morning presents
the pictures in question, crediting them duly to the
Placerville Mountain Democrat, from which they
were taken. When an interior paper has the enter
prise to collect pictures and at considerable expense
have them prepared for artistic presentation the busi
ness of stealing them is not of a high order. It is, in
fact, of just the order to tempt the Examiner. To be
tempted, with the .yellow journal, is to fall. It can
have the consolation of knowing that it is incapable
of falling far.
The Mountain Democrat is to be congratulated
both for its enterprise and the fact that it had the
boldness not to submit to being looted without pro
test. To assist this protest in reaching the readers of
papers is but a simple duty which is here undertaken,
not gladly, but without shrinking.
While the pictures as they appear this morning are
properly credited to the Placerville journal, owing
to the merest inadvertence the same cannot be said
of an article on James Marshall immediately following
the introduction. This was taken from the same
source as the pictures.
To the lesson here involved, to the improvement it
may possibly produce, to the implied advice, yellow
journalism is entirely welcome.
LESSONS OF THE LOS ANGELES FIRE.
IN the revelation made by the burning of a public
schoolhouse on Pico Heights, Los Angeles, the
question of the value of betterments to the city
water property by the private corporation lessee gets
a lurid illumination. The insut'ticiency of pressure in
small and worn pipes came near causing an appalling
loss of life and did cause a loss to the taxpayers of
a valuable piece of public property. The Mayor of the
city and the Chief of the Fire Department join in the
declaration that a garden hose attached to a proper
pipe and pressure system would have been more ef
fective than the best fire engines proved to be when
compelled to draw on the insufficient supply and weak
pressure of "betterments" to the city's water plant,
for which the private corporation demands several
millions of dollars. The Call only asks justice for the
people of Los Angeles. The life of iron pipe under
ground is a known quantity. Given the size of the
pipe, its thickness and the average pressure it has
sustained and its condition can be estimated without
digging it up for inspection. But the pipe is buried.
The people don't see it. The most of them don't stop
to think how much its value and usefulness are af
fected by lapse of time. But the water company knows
all this. They are inside and deal with the advantage
of ample knowledge of the condition of every inch of
their system, of the vicissitudes of their supply and of
the present value of it all.
This knowledge can be placed at the disposal of the
people by their city government if a majority of the
Council choose. The stolidity of that majority, how
ever, was left to be shaken by an accident which
came in the burning of a public schoolhouse and the
narrow but fortunate escape of several hundred chil
dren who were in its class rooms when the dreadful
alarm sounded. Accident has exposed what should
have been publicly known by means of official action,
and now there is no further excuse for official inat
tention. How long does the Council propose to
wait? How many public buildings and private homes
must be consumed as object lessons before officials
will be mindful of their oath and their duty?
Must the sacrifice be greater than the destruction
of property? Will the spectacle of a score of chil
dren burned to death in their schoolrooms, or that of
working people passing from the slumber of weariness
to that of death in a chariot of fire, be needed to sting
these men to action?
They have the chance now to act and they may be
even excused for pleading that the fire on Pico
Heights revealed conditions of which they were ig
norant, and for one we are willing that the people
should believe them. We have no vindictive ends to
Genre and no selfish interests to enhance in this mat
ter. We only want justice to the people of one of
California's brightest and best known cities.
Hicks-Beach has warned Canada that it is her duty
to do something to add to the naval strength of the
mother country. If the mother country can't get
along without aid of this sort it would seem time for
Canada to begin wondering what is the use of being
a colony and tied to an apron string.
In the disagreement of medical experts as to the
sanity of a woman now being judicially weighed at
Los Angeles it can hardly be said that the unexpected
has happened. Perfect agreement in such matters will
never be secured until one side or the other shall be
thoughtful enough to retain all the experts.
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JA\r AttY 22, 1898.
TfIKE A VOTE.
THE amendment to the annexation treaty of
fered by Senator Bacon is a trip hammer blow.
It follows precedent in the Texas case, in which
it was provided that admission as a State should be
voted on by the people, and the San Domingo case,
for the treaty to annex that country demanded sub
mission to the people.
The close corporation which the oligarchy has
maintained in Hawaii has from the beginning calmly
ignored the 14,000 voters who had the ballot before
the conquest of 1893. Of the 2800 voters permitted
to use the ballot by the oligarchy a very large num
ber are adventurers who have been domesticated in
the islands during the last four years.
The Georgian's amendment begins right. Before
discussing issues of expediency and constitutionality
it is necessary to find out whether the people want
annexation. That is the American way of proceed
ing and the method is based on fair play and a de
cent regard for human rights. When the native-born
Hawaiians of legal age and the lawfully naturalized
citizens have voted on the question it will be time to
discuss the other phases of the subject.
But it must be understood from the start that there
must be a free ballot and an honest count. When the
Dole Government formed its new constitution it ap
pointed a majority of the members of the constitu
tional convention. It then dictated fn that instru
ment a provision for annexation to the United States.
Its stove was already too hot to hold and it wanted
to let it drop. It provided also that no one should
vote without taking an oath to support this annex
ation constitution, so that any Hawaiian who was not
willing to confirm the oligarchy's power to sell the
country to the highest bidder could not vote at all.
This neat juggle has enabled the oligarchy's lobby
ists to deny that anybody is disenfranchised and to
declare that the electors of the islands are unanimous
for annexation.
The Bacon amendment smashes this scheme at one
blow. It steps outside the Hawaiian constitution and
refers annexation to a plebiscite of the whole people.
But there must be no further juggle. The amend
ment must not permit a proclamation either from the
President of the United States or the ruler of the
Hawaiian oligarchy to the effect that "duly consti
tuted electors upder the Hawaiian constitution" only
shall vote because that brings the matter right back
where it is now. inasmuch as under triat constitution
even,' elector will have to take an oath to vote for an
nexation before he can vote at all. This oath the na
tives will not take.
The Senate of the United States cannot afford to
defeat the Bacon amendment. It cannot afford to
make the open record of a republic refusing to sub
mit to a people a change in their sovereignty. Such
refusal puts this country at once in the catalogue of
autocracies. We go then further down in the class
than even the constitutional monarchies and take our
place alongside of the Asiatic absolutisms, where
Shahs, Ameers and Khans are the lords of life and
death.
We have heretofore counted ourselves much supe
rior to Thibet and have been classed higher by the
rest of the world.
The chief of the oligarchy is on his way to Wash
ington to talk about a Hawaiian "republic," and the
ease of assimilating the two governments which are
similar in form. Let us see if he will prove himselt
a republican by assenting to the Bacon amendment.
If he do it will become the duty of American citi
zens to see to it that no trick is played upon the
voters of the islands. People who thank God fer
vently that they have a country to sell are not to
be trusted. The islanders must be safeguarded gainst
the tricksters who have held themseives in power by
armed force, thus increasing a debt which they now
ask us to pay. That election must be guarded from
the casting of the first ballot to tallying the last one
out of the box.
(\ POPULIST AMENDMENT.
SENATOR BUTLER, a Populist bold of
North Carolina, has introduced into the Sen
ate a resolution calling for an amendment of
article 3 of the constitution so as to provide for
the election of Federal Judges by the people, and
to deprive Federal courts of jurisdiction over con
troversies between citizens of ditferent States.
The amendment proposes that the Supreme Court
shall be composed of not less than nine nor more
than thirteen Justices. These, as well as the Judges
of the inferior courts, are to hold office for eight
years. The Chief Justice is to be elected by the
nation at large. Each Associate Justice is to be
elected by the votets of the circuit over which he
presides, and each District Judge is to be elected by
the voters of his district.
The resolution will, of course, be taken up and
considered long enough to permit Mr. Butler to
rr.ake a speech on it, but it is not likely to live
longer. Nevertheless it will be interesting to hear
what Mr. Butler is going to say for it. The de
sire of the Populists to make a new heaven and a
new earth naturally includes a desire to make a new
constitution for the United States, but it is not clear
why they wish to begin with an alteration in the
methods of choosing Judges for Federal courts.
It is true that in most of the States Judges are
elected by the people, and hold office for a term of
years and not for life. It is equally true that in
many of the States this method of choosing Judges
has worked well and given satisfaction. It cannot
be said, however, that in any State has the standard
of the courts been higher than that of the Federal
judiciary, and surely even a Populist can hardly
advocate a change of this kind merely for the sake
ot change.
The judiciary system established by the founders
of the lepublic is one of the notable ir.iturcs of the
constitution. ' It has wen the admiration of every
Intelligent critic of our institutions. It "us stood
the test of time and been found one of the strongest
bulwarks of our Government. Under such cir
cumstances the manifestation of a desire to alter
that system, may be taken as an evidence of a de
sire to alter everything in sight and revolutionize
the nation.
Senator Butler aims high. Most statesmen of
his party content themselves with efforts to tinker
with the tariff, the currency, the railroads, or the
relations of capital and labor. Ther have dealt se
verely with statutes and general legislation, but they
have let the constitution alone. Their movements
have therefore been inferior in scope to that of the
new leader from North Carolina, and the country
will wait with some curiosity to hear what the re
former has to say for his resolution. It belongs to
him and he alone can tell what it means and what
he expects to gain either for his party or the peo
ple by his project.
Dr. Chalmers, the State quarantine officer, could ex
cite interest by an article setting forth what he is for,
omitting, of course, any reference to his ability to
draw a salary, no controversy having arisen oo this
point
THE POSTAL SERVICE.
SENATOR HOAR rendered a service to the
whole country by his resolution calling for an
inquiry concerning the recent order of the
Postmaster-Ueneral reducing the force of letter car
riers in several of the larger cities of the Union. Al
though ostensibly issued in the interests of economy,
the order tends to diminish the efficiency of the postal
service, and will prove far from being economical in
its results to the business of the country.
It is conceded that some reform in the direction of
economy is desirable in the management of our post
off.ee affairs. Every year shows in the revenues ob
tained from the mails a deficiency which has to be
made up by taxation. The evil is one of long stand
ing, has been fully discussed and is generally under
stood. This is the first time, however, that any one
in authority has proposed to remedy the defect by re
ducing the carrier force, and either imposing heavier
work on the remaining carriers or else making the
mail service in cities slower than at present
It has been pointed out by Congressman Loud that
the main cause of the deficit in the postal revenues is
the abuses which are practiced with regard to second
class mail matter. Advantage has been taken of the
clause in the law providing low rates of postage for
newspapers and other periodicals to ship through the
mails tons of papers, documents, advertising circulars
and cheap novels. The Government loses heavily on
every pound it carries of this kind of mail matter, and
while the letter rates pay a good profit it is not suffi
cient to counterbalance the drain.
There is also another point in which economy
might be practiced without weakening the service.
Evidence has been submitted time and again showing
that the rates paid to the railroads for carrying the
mails are much higher than they need be. This is
particularly true with respect to the carriage of first
class mail matter, and it is claimed that even second
class mail could be carried without loss if the rates
paid by the Government to the railroads were on any
thing like the basis of freight charges made by the
roads to private parties.
The one good result likely to follow the order of
the Postmaster-General is the investigation that will
result from the inquiry called for by Senator Hoar.
From the debate that took place on the resolution it
is clear that many Senators are eager to have the sub
ject opened up and thoroughly considered. Out of
the investigation we may expect to come some wisely
directed effort to put an end to the ever recurring de
ficiency in a service that ought to pay its own way.
In the meantime the first thing to be done is to bring
pressure to bear to have the order reducing the num
ber of letter carriers countermanded. That order was
not economy, but parsimony.
"IN THE NEAR FUTURE."
A NUMBER of citizens of Santa Barbara who
contributed to provide a right of way through
that county to the Southern Pacific Company
in order that it might close the gap in the coast line
and give to Santa Barbara the benefit of a through
line from San Francisco to Los Angeles, recently ad
dressed to Mr. Huntingdon a petition requesting that
the company fulfill its obligations and complete the
road without delay.
The petition with the reply have been published in
the Santa Barbara Press and make interesting read
ing. The petitioners stated: "Our citizens, taxpayers,
donors and purchasers of the right of way feel
aggrieved that after securing your company this val
uable franchise with all the advantages embraced in
this free gift, and after seven years of patient waiting,
no evidence exists as to the near approach of the time
when the road will be finished from Surf to Ellwood.
Therefore we respectfully ask you for a prompt re
cognition of our rights ?.nd a fulfillment of your hon
orable obligations by giving to the undersigned an
assurance that no further unnecessary delay occur in
'closing the gap.' "
On behalf of the company Mr. Huntington replied
in a letter of considerable length. In the first place
he said, "I am not surprised that you complain be
cause the road has not been filled, but I am quite
sure you would not complain of the builders of that
road if you knew just what they have had to en
counter in the last few years." He then went on to
say that the Southern Pacific has to be managed
economically in order to avoid bankruptcy; that he
has Southern Pacific shares, bought in the '70's, on
which he has never received any dividends; that "in
fact I have never made any money I could use out of
building roads in California"; that most of his money
has been made east of the Mississippi; that "I can
say, and I think truly, I have never received any
dividends other than from the Central Pacific shares
on any road I ever built or became interested in in
California, excepting some street roads in cities."
Thus discursively he proceeded to point out where
he has made his profits and where he has made
losses. Finally he returned to the subject of the peti
tion and said very kindly. "Your long list contains
many good names and I would do anything that
could be safely done to accommodate them." He
then adds, "Things are looking better now and we do
hope we will be able to complete the gap in the near
future."
"In the near future." After seven years of waiting
that is all the answer given by the Southern Pacific
Company to men who out of their slender property
gave money and rights of way in order that the road
might be completed at once. It is by just such in
difference to public needs, express promises and
solemn obligations as this, that the Southern Pa
cific Company has roused against it the indignation
not only of all whom it has injured, but of all who
love justice.
The contrast between this method and that pur
sued by the Valley Road in laying track almost as
fast as right of way can be secured is too striking to
need comment. Seven years Santa Barbara has waited
in vain. In less than half that time the Valley Road
has laid its track from Stockton to Bakersfield.
That is the difference between companies that fulfill
their obligations on time and those that postpone
fulfillment to the indefinite, uncertain date of "the
near future."
A Chicago lawyer pleaded for the life of an assas
sin on the ground that there was no other hope of re-
Reneration for the wretch. However, it is to be in
ferred from observation that this hope is hardly worth
mentioning.
Huntington tells the people of Southern California
that he has not made money out of railways in this
State. Still, Huntington is not unreasonable; he does
not expect anybody to believe him.
Once more it has been demonstrated that Fol
som is not an agreeable prison to escape from.
However, if a convict is bent upon suicide the
method is speedy enough.
Any murderer who chooses to scan the news from
San Mateo will come to the conclusion that an indi
vidual of his stripe is regarded there as persona non
grata.
SEEKING THE FAVOR OF MENELIK.
ABTBSTNIA has been more prominent-
Iv 1.. fore the world since the black
Emperor demonstrated his power by
crushing tho armies of Italy at Abba
Carlma mid Adigrat, and the personality
of Mcnrlik has become a very captivat
ing actuality. England and Franco have
both hastened to gain, at his hands, fav
orable recognition of their overtures for
amity and friendship, and even Russia
has made advances in that direction, the
object of which are not so apparent, how
ever, as In the case of the two other
nations. Their object is well understood.
It is the control of the vast and fertile
country of the Eastern Soudan and along
the upper Nile. To this end England has
already wasted over a hundred million
pounds sterling in futile attempts to force
her way up the Nile to Khartoum and
thence south to the lake region, whither
sho has already carried a railroad from
the Zanzibar coast. The French hare
been steadily approaching from the Congo
coast on the other side of the continent
and now Beem to have gotten the best of
their rivals, and this by the grace and
favor of the Abyssinian monarch. His
country, lying high and healthy between
tho Red Sea and the Eastern Soudan;
otters the shortest and most feasible en
try to that coveted region. Hampered by
no bitter recollections of unfair treat
ment or unfriendly contact In the past,
The Throne of Menelik Presented by the French.
they have been able to make rapid ad
vances and have been graciously received
by the Negus and his follower* Largo
privileges and concessions, with grants of
land. ■ have been made to them, under
which, quickly acting-, they have laid and
nearly completed from Djibouti on the
Gulf of Aden to Harar the first section
of a railroad which it is Intended to carry
on to Gondar and thence across the Nile
and the Soudan to connect with one com
lng east from French Congo. On the
other hand the English, bringing with
them the yet fresh memories of Sir
Charles Napier's invasion of their country
and the bloody field of Magdala. have
made but little advance in the favor of
either the Negus or bis subjects. While
Has Makonnen was receiving, with the
ir.ost friendly demonstrations, the French
envoy, and conducting him with every
mark of consideration to the court of his
sovereign at Adis-Adaba, the English
mission was yet halted near the coast
almost unnoticed. '
If. Legarde was received at Harar
with a salute of twenty-one guns, and
the French flag was Boated at the side of
the Abyssinian standard. No such re
ception was accorded his rivals on en
tering tho Abyssinian territory.
With Menellk'a permission and assist
ance. M. Bauchamps pushed on with a
well-equipped expedition across Abyssinia
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
Postmaster G. F. Mcßride of Etna Is at
the Grand.
W. D. Haslam, a banker of Santa Cruz,
Is at the California.
K. M. Wad*, an assayer, of Los An
geles, is at the Rugs.
V. A. Schilling, a railroad man of Port
land, la at the Baldwin.
11. C. Nash, librarian of the Stanford
University, is at the California.
Joseph C. Thompson, I T . 8. N., has
taken rooms at the Occidental.
Sheriff S. D. Ballou and Mrs. Ballou of
San Luis Obispo are at tho Grand.
During the re
cent visit of Hon
olulu's chief ex
ecutive to the city
the following del
icate compliment
was paid him.
A DELICATE
COMPLIMENT
TO DOLE.
Mr. Dole had just
finished his breakfast and was standing
In front of the hotel drinking In the love
liness of the morning and ruminating on
tho uncertainty of life, and other things,
when he was approached by an individ
ual of rather doubtful appearance. Mr.
Dole was positive that he did not know
the stranger, as the only persons that he
had, thus far, had the pleasure of meet
ing were Lieutenant Xoble of the army
and a few hackmen and railroad agents
who had gathered on the wharf the day
of his arrival to bid him welcome. How
ever, he of the peculiar appearance evi
dently had no doubt of the Identity of the
personage he saw standing In the hotel
entrance, for the moment his eye caught
sight of the distinguished stranger his
face became suffused with the warm
blush of pleasure and a smile of ecstatic
happiness overspread and softened the
somewhat hard lines of his cynical coun
tenance, and rushing up he extended the
glad hand to the Island President and
without giving that gentleman any op
portunity to say a word, commenced:
'■Judge, I've been looking for you all
over the town as I want to put you right
on that little matter of Mag's that is to
come up before you this morning. You
see — "
"You must have made a mistake,"
broke in Mr. Dole. "I am the President
of Hawaii and not a judge."
"Hully g^e!" exclaimed the stranger,
falling back. "I took you for Judge
Campbell, as I thought there was only
one bunch of whiskers like that In the
city."
J. M. McGee, a wealthy mining man of
to Fashoda. on the Nilo, there to meet
the Man-hand expedition coming from
the Congo, plant the standard of France
and actualize her possession of an un
broken connection from the Red Sea to
the Atlantic. These movements have
caused the greatest concern in England.
She sees the Nile country and Ethiopia
Flipping from her possible grasp, and is
powerless. All the expenditure in this
direction promises to be without fruit.
France has outgeneraled her and holds
the position of vantage, whose future
value cannot at this time be even esti
mated.
In the whole conduct of the matter the
French have evinced much shrewdness
and discretion. Instead of approaching
Menellk with an air of offensive conde
scension," as is the wont of their neigh
bors across the channel in dealing with
dusky potentates, they have not only
accorded the fullest recognition of his
imperial dignity, acknowledging his
right as a .sovereign and independent
monarch to sit in the hereditary ruler
ship of his people, but have done their
best to make .him appreciate their atti
tude of respect and enhance the splen
dor of the evidences of his power and
personality.
"With the sanction and at the expense
of the Government M. L,egarde had made
and carried with him on his late return
from Paris to the Abyssinian court many
presents of rich design and costly work
manship. Intended for the personal use
and adornment of the Emperor and his
consort. Taltou. The principal one con
sisted of a throne of very particular de
sign, which Is Intended to serve both as
a seat of justice and a couch of recep
tion.
On the days of audience the sovereign,
"The Uon of the Tribe of Judah." as he
styles himself, claiming descent from
King David, seats himself "a la Turque"
between the two cushions, while the dig
nitaries admitted to the reception pass
before him. This throne is of fine wood,
overlaid with gold, with the points
panels relieved with green ami red, the
colors of Abyssinia. The curtains are of
purple silk damask, ornamented with i
fringe and tassels of finely worked gold j
thread of the highest richness. The I
cushions and front piece are likewise of j
silk damask finely ornamented.
"With the throne went collars and
cross es of gold set with jewels for Men
elik and the members of his family,
those for himself and the Empress being
of particular richness and splendor, the
first being set with amethysts and gar
ni ti and the other embellished with satt
phires. tee pearls atid turquoises. This
collar is composed of three chains inter
bound, and w.iffhs over one and a quar
ter pounds. Each of tho four children
received a collar and cross, also of com
mensurate worth. M. L,egarde made
en reful study and left nothing undone to
further the success of his mission.
Sutter Creek, is at the Occidental with
his wife and family.
E. W. Bramhall, a prominent merchant
of Japan, is registered at the Palace.
G. A. Panniman, a merchant of San
Jose, arrived at the Grand last night.
C. A. Storke, a well-known attorney of
Santa Barbara, is a guest at the Grand.
E. E. Fowler and James Howell, min
ers, of Livingston, Mont., are at the Russ.
J. M. Foote. the County Clerk of Il>!lis
ter. will be at the Grand for the next few
days.
General Pa psen
ger Agent Good
man of the South
ern Pacific Com- !
pany started East
to Chicago la.st
Thursday night
MAY BRING
TRAVEL
THIS WAY.
to attend a meet
ing of the Central Traffic Association
Western Traffic Association and Trans
continental lines which has for its object
the fixing of a permanent and satisfac
tory rate to all points in the Alaskan
mining district for the large travel that
is expected this spring. The meeting- wa*
called by F. C. Donald, president of the
Central Traffic Association, and D D
Caldwell, who is at the had of the West'
em Traffic Association. The steamship
lines running northward from Sun Fran
Cisco and connecting with the different
points of debarkation for the Klondike
country have so increased their rates that
a very- material difference is made In the
expense attending travel to that country
via San Francisco and via Sound points
The steamship companies have refused
to reduce the rate, as they argue that un
der any circumstances the number of pas
sengers who will go northward from this
city will be large enough to more than
fill the carrying capacity of their vessels
Consequently in order to bring the traffic
to this city the railroads will have to
mako rates low enough to compete with
those which will exist over ihe rp,.r.>
northern routes and as the steam-lrns
will have to be utilized to forward pa»
sengers to their ultimate destination, a
cut in railroad fares in proportion to the
increased rates by water will have to be
made, and in order to equalize the lorn
that will accrue to the various roads run
ning west of the Missouri this meeting
has been called.
Dr. I. W. Powell, one of Victoria^ most
prominent physicians, is at the Occident
al.
11. W. Edwards, superintendent of the
San Jose Gas Works, is in the city to wit
ness the Golden Jubilee; he is staying at
the Grand.
Judge Platt Rodgers, ex-Mayor of Den
ver, and Joseph G. Bandr*dge. a wealthy
mining man of the earns place, are stop-
ping at the California on a short visit to
ti:<> coast.
G. W. Teall. a large manufacturer of
Rochester, New York, is at the Califor
nia.
A pro minent
Eastern gentle
man, who is stop
ping at the Pal
ace Hotel, in con-
A
GRACEFUL
TRIBUTE.
versation with
some friends yes
terday told the
following: story on General Horace Por
ter, the present Minister to France,
which, as he remarked, Is too good .to
keep. The party were discussing swell
dinners and after-dinner speakers, when
the gentleman from the East said: "In
our section of the country General Por
ter enjoys a reputation as an after
dinner speaker that is second only to
that of Ohauncey Depew. On the particu
lar occasion that I have In mind General
Porter was in attendance upon the annual
banquet of the Sons of the American
Revolution, which was held In the Jeffer
son Hotel, In Richmond. Va., last year.
The U<m. William Wirt Henry was the
toastmaster. I'pon his right sat General
Porter and to his left was General FltS
huph I.cc, now representing this country
in c'iilva, while ex-Vice-Fresident Steven
son was also present. General Porter was
not down for one of the regular toasts,
but before the banquet was over Mr.
Henry called upon htm for some remarks.
He arose with his accustomed grace and
said: 'As you all know I had the honor of
being upon General Grant's staff at the
time that Richmond fell, I see many here
to-night with whom I was not upon
speaking terms at that time. When our
party left Washington the other day to
come here some one in the party asked
me how long it would take to reach Rich
mond. I replied that judging by my ex
perience of over thirty years ago i
the I.cc family interposed an objection "it
would take us about four years.' With
thla Genera] Porter turned and bowed to
General Lee and took his seat amid great
appUtuse. It was one of the most grace
ful things I have ever seen done."
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Jan. 21.— F. A. Lyon of
Sacramento is at the Stuart House.
CAL.IFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 21.— E. E. Nichols
of San Diego is at the Raleigh; C. E.
Young of San Francisco is at the St.
Jamrs; A. F. Strong and family of Los
Angeles are at the Normandie.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
MARK TWAIN— W. M. F., Middleton.
CaL The address of Mark Twain is
Hartford, Conn.
STEAMSHIP PACIFIC— O. S.. City.
The steamship Pacific was foundered In
a collision with the ship Orpheus off Cape
Flattery on the 4th of November. 1875.
while on a voyage from Victoria, B. C,
to this port.
THEATERS— Some individual has for
months periodically written to this de
partment asking for the seating capacity
nf two of the city theaters. The question
hfis been answered several times In the
course of a year, and this department has
not the space to answer the same ques
tion every few weeks.
EXEMPTION— S. M. L,., San Jose, Cal.
Under the laws of the State of California
chairs, tables and books to the value of
$200 belonging to the judgment debtor are
exempt from execution, also the neces
sary household table and kitchen furni
ture, Including one sewing machine, stove,
pipe and furniture, wearing apparel,
beds, bedding and bedsteads, hanging
pictures, oil paintings, drawings, painted
or drawn by any member of the family,
family pictures in suitable frames, pro
visions actually provided for individual
or family use for three months, and three
cows and sucking calves, four hogs and
sucking pUrs. and food for such for a
specified time; also the instruments and
eh- -t of a physician or surpr-on recessary
ta the exercise of his profession with his
1 library and necessary office
furniture.
BEZIQI'E— S., Woodland, Cal. There
are twenty-three rules to govern the
game of bezique and ten paragraphs of
advice. This department cannot print
them all, but the rule specially inquired
about, the one that applies to the last
trick, is as follows: "The last trick hav
ing been made, each player counts the
aces and tens which are in the tricks the
player has taken; these aces and tens
are called brisques. For each brisque the
holder scores ten points, which are added
to tli.- score made during the playing by
the combination. Brisques are not count
ed when any one of the players makes
the same by scorings made by combina
tions: that is to say. when neither of the
players has made the number of points
fixed to complete the game, then he,
who. with the brisques counts most over
the fixed number, wins; and. in case of
a tie the winner is the one taking the last
trick.
THE SUN— A Reader. Dutch Flat. Cal.
If the earth were so poised in space that
the sun would be vertical at the equator
throughout the year it would certainly
rise exactly in the east and set in the
west during the entire year. This Is just
what it does on March 21 and September
23, when it shines vertically at the
equator. As the earth's inclination from
a perpendicular to the plane of its orbit
is the same throughout the year, thus
causing unequal day and night alter
nately north and south of the equator, it
shines more or less obliquely, according
to the latitude toward either pole, and
the moment it deviates from a perpen
dicular at the equator it shines beyond
the north pole in oar summer. "Wh^ii the
Bun's declination is 23 degrees 28 mimitea
north of, the equator, as at the summer
Bolstlce, it is. of course, 23 degrees 28
minutes north of an east direction, and
will so appear at sunrise and sunset.
Cal. glace fruit 50c perlb at Townsend's. 1
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont
gomery st. Tel. Main 1042. •
William Harper, chief of the Bureau of
Information of the Philadelphia Commer
cial Museums, who has just returned
from a tour In South Africa, Australia,
China and Japan, reports that our com
mercial relations with those countries
have been perceptibly improved as a re
sult of the museums' labors.
The most efficacious Btlmulant to sharpen the
appetite is Dr. Siegert's Axgosttra Bitters.
Don't accept an Imitation.
TheGextive ■•Bkowx'sßboxchiai.Thochis"
are sold only In boxes. They are wonderfully
effective for Coujrbs and Throat Troubles.
A vicxmots growth and the original color given
to the hair by Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hixdkbcobxs, the best care for corns. 15 eta.
M. Ilanotaux, the French Minister for
Foreign Affairs, who has made a careful
study of Cardinal Richelieu and his
times, was recently permitted to see and
examine a number of contemporary docu
ments In the office of an old notary In
Paris. He considers these papers a great
tind. as they are said to contain all the
"actes civiles" of tho great priest-states
man.
NEW TO-DAY.
The New York State
Chemist says
ROYAL is superi-
or to every other
baking powder.SHEEHAN'S
MESSAGE
TO GIVENS
Wires That He Ex
pects to Settle
To-Day.
A. H. Washburne Asserts
That He Has Not
Been Paid.
Commissioner Clinch Contends
the Ex-Secretary Will
Explain.
A MEETING PROBABLE
Four of the Commissioners May As
semble to Discuss Developments.
The Governor Expected.
Oeneral Jr.hn F. Sh^ohrin, ex-secre
tary and treasurer of the Yosemite
Commission, was heard from yester
day. He wired this message from Sac
ramento:
To Charles S. Glvens. Ban Francisco:
Ilease ask Foote to do nothing until I
get down. Expect to settle ewrvtlil::^
to-morrow. JOHN F. SHEEHAN.
A. H. Washburne, one of the man
agers of the Yosemite Stage Company,
called at the office of the commission
yesterday to ascertain if an advance
payment of $350 which he recently
made for one quarter's lease of the
Sentinel Hotel had been credited on the
books. It was found that the amount
paid had been credited. Mr. Wash
borne is special administrator of the
Glascock estatf and the lease <>f the
hotel is the property of the estate.
The books of General Sheehan, which
were turned over to his successor. J. J.
Lerman, last Monday, reports that dis
bursements as follows, on the days
designated, were made to the Yosemite
Stage and Turnpike Company: Octo
ber 27, In&7, $152 70; November 25.
$145 20; September 2S, $248 22; Septem
ber 28, |50; September 26, $45; Septem
ber 28, $3y 65.
Mr. Washburne asserted to Commis
sioner Foote and Mr. Lerman that he
had not received these sums, which
amount in the aggiegate to $6SI. The
sums allowed by the commission to the
Yosemite Stage Company were in pay
ment of transportation, pasturing,
hauling: of lumber, ■ I
"These items," said Commissioner
Foote, 'are taken from General Shee
han's books. The amounts were all
by the board and ordered paid. She.-
han's books say they were paid on
the dates mentioned. Wasburne
was here fn the office this morn
ing and asserted that the bills have not
been paid. Is it not time that General
Sheehan shouJd come forward and ex- :
plain these discrepancies? This is not
the first muddle. Two years ago, ac
cording to Washburne's statements, !
checks drawn by Sheehan on Yosemite
Commission account were dishonored.
The evening papers report Sheehan as
saying in Sacramento that politics fig
ure in this matter. There is no truth
in that statement. It is false. Sheehan
resigned, to take effect January 1. The
vote was unanimous and Sheehan cast
the ballot of the board. He was per
mitt-d at his own request to hold the
office from October until the Ist of Jan
uary. Clinch requested it and I con
sented. The Governor was opposed to
the plan, but he consented at my re
quest."
Commissioner Charles G. Clinch was
Et-en at his place cf business yesterday.
He expressed the opinion that Shee
han would explain everything to the
satisfaction of the board at the next
meeting. He remarked: "Baker &
Hamilton have been paid, Kahn & Co.
have been paid and there is the sum
of $500 in the bank. The dispatch
from Breyfogle may be explained in a
satisfactory manner hereafter. It Is
le that the check may have been
forwarded to Breyfogle's brother, who
1p up in the mountains. In my Judg
ment Sheehan will straighten every
thing out."
Commissioner Clinch .was asked if it
had not been a reproach to the State
at one time that the office of secretary
of the Yusemite Commission was an
adjunct of the Southern Pacific Rail
road Company, and if it would not be
equally unfortunate to have the office
of the commission an adjunct of Com
missioner Foote's law office.
Mr. Clinch replied that the office of
secretary would "not be an adjunct of
Mr. Foote's law office. He remarked:
"It is unfortunate that only $25 a
month is allowed for office rent, but I
am in favor of having an independent
office for the business of the board — a
place where tourists in o,u"t--t of infor
mation concerning the valley may con
veniently visit."
Commissioner Foote was asked con
cerning the probable payment of the
Breyfogle account to one of the Brey
fogle brnthf-rs without the knowledge
of the other. He replied by producing
a written copy of an assignment of
the claim from W. O. Breyfogle to W.
B. Breyfople. The telegram stating
that the bill had not been paid is from
the latter.
Commissioner Foote was asked If the
meeting of commissioners? called to con
vene this forenoon would be h^M with
open doors. "It will be open if I have
the say. Ther^ is nothing here that I
•would conceaj from the public. There
Is no politics in this. I %vant the Gov
ernor of the State to be here and I want
General Sheehan to attend. I desire to
ask him tome Questions. I wnnt Clinch.
Glvens and Goldberg to be here. T will
not agree to cover up an official delin
quency. Tf General Sh»ehan is not here
t<7-nv<rrow morning I shall recommend
his arrest."
The commission consists of Governor
Budd. President Abbot Kinney, Vice-
President Charles G. Clinch, K. P.
Johnson, Charles S. Givens, Max Gold
berg, H. J. Ostrander, Miles Wallace
NEW TO-DAY.
Gailßorden g»
Eagle Brand g||j^
Condensed Milk
Has No Equal an Infant Food. .^^^^^
"fNFANT HEALTrfSEHT FREE. **(iß«Dei«tf **£*
and W. W. Foote. The next regular j
meeting day was fixed for February 12.
but on application of two members a
special session of the board may be
called. It is expected that (livens.
Clinch, Foote and Goldberg will meet
this forenoon. Governor Budd may at
tend the session.
Responding to a request from The
Call, Controller Co-lgan reports that the
following amounts were drawn from
the State treasury by the Yosemite
Valley Commissioners during the year
1897:
Traveling expenses, $1010 05: care of
valley, $7276 12; care Mariposa Big
Tree Grove. $709 90; maintenance of
valley, $2fi64 66; repairs, etc.. $6999 77;
clearing out underbrush, $.1484 96; to
tal, $20,145 38.
SHEEHAN INTERVIEWED.
The General Says He Has Noth-
ing to Hide From the
Commission.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 21.— General
Sheehan left this afternoon for San
Francisco. In an Interview published
in to-nlghfs Bee he is reported as say
ing:
"You may say that any matter relat
ing to the Yoßemite Commission with
which I had anything to do will be
fully paid, but I do not at this time
care to talk of the alleged shortage. I
have been sick for three or four weeks,
and have not had time to look over my
books. When 1 get time to look them |
over everything will be straightened
out and no one will lose anything."
\\ hen asked if it were true that he
had withheld his bank deposit book, he
replied:
" y es, I have the book, and I am re
spr isible for it. It is my book, and
why should I not keep it? I tell jrov
again this will come out all right."
Concluding. Sheohan said:
"I do not want to say anything fur
ther about this matter, but there is
politics in it, and it will come out all
right."
In a subsequent interview this after-
She^han said:
'•The reason I did not turn over the
bank book la that 1 am responsible for
.tdo in my name. All checks
■ims are issued, and when cashed
they must be returned to me, in order
th;»*t the canceled checks shall serve
as vouchers to me that I have paid all
claims. I have done just as my prede
cessor. Colonel John P. Irish, did. How
ever, I have nothing to hide from the
Commissi-m, as all checks will be paid
when presented."
COOPER MEN
ON THE GRILL
Dr. "W. "W. X.err Accuses
Their Internes of
Jealousy.
He Disserts on the Antecedents
and Position of "Doc
tor" Fine.
Th^re promises to he a merry little
war over the proposition of "Doctor"
p acting as interne out at the
City and County Hospital, one that
threatens to involve not only the stu
dents, but the faculties of Cooper and
Toiand Medical colleges, with Dr. Suss
dorf as dodger in general of verbal mis
hurled by both contending forces.
Dr. \V. W. K<_rr, professor of clinical
medicine in Toiand College, who has
had charge of wards C, D and H at the
hospital for nearly twelve years, starts
the ball rolling with the statement that
the whole affair has been started by
| jealousy of Cooper College students and
that their actions and assertions so far
i 'have been contemptible."
"Three internes were suspended by
Dr. Sussdorf at the end of the year,"
he declared yesterday, 'on account of
■ ct of duty, and no final action has
yet been taken in their case. I asked
. the Board of Health to permit Mr.
Fine to assist the other internes in the
! waro until such time as final action
I was taken in the case of these suspend-
I ed men. It was granted, but I wish
|it to be understood clearly that Mr.
j Fino is not an interne, but only an as
[ sistant. No interne can be appointed
until the case of those three men is
acted upon finally.
'"He is not a doctor and if that term
has been applied to him it is merely
out of courtesy. The boy is a gradu
ate- of Berkeley and his father is an
Oakland physician. He has attended
the full term of lectures and failed to
pass his final examinations simply on
account of the fact that his eyes failed
him. He passed the final examination
for all hospital departments last April.
He has attended all his classes and
aeedfl to pass examination only in those
branches in which he failed to be ex
amined on account of his bad eye
sight.
"Mr. Fine is under the direction of
Dr. Curl, my senior interne, and has
neen under my tutelage for three years.
I would rather have him where he Is
than to have a Cooper College man in
th^re whom I know nothing about.
Th^.se four externes that the Cooper
College men speak of ai"e appointed to
take the place of any man from their
own school, and not in the university
wards. In fact, they have no place
there at all.
"You see, in brief, their kick is this:
There used to be six Internes from each
college, but the Board of Health de
cided that three from each was suffi
cient. That left several men In the
Cooper ranks out, and when this va
cancy occurred through the suspension
of the men referred to they wanted to
shove one of their men into the uni
verslty wards. They got fooled and
.ir* 1 sore <>ver It. Another thin?
— we cuukl appoint externes if we want
ed to. but have never applied for the
privilege. In addition. Mr. Fine was
he Is beforo the Cooper College
extornc-s were appointed.
"In his final examination for gradu
ation in clinical medicine Mr. Fine
pained OS p*>r cent: but did not take
the other* on account of his eyesight.
Dr. Hopkins so advising him. He is
better qualified for the position he oc
cupies than most graduates.
"This action on the part of Cooper
College students is pimply contempti
ble. That Is the least I care to say."
But the fact remains that, interne or
HIE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL, SARUTDAY, JA.NfARY 22, 1898.
WATER TOWER BUILT BY SAN FRANCISCO MECHANICS.
A water tower Js now being construct
ed at the corporation yard, and when
completed San Francisco will be the
proud possessor of a "fire-fighteD" that
will reflect great credit on the local me
chanics who have built it. The designer
of this tower Is H. H. (Sorter, master ma
chinist in the Fire Department, and he is
supervising its construction.
His main idea was to invent a machine
which could be depended upon at critical
times in cases of fire, and that would not
go wrong when most needed, and 1
lleves he has accomplished the dt-sired
end.
The whole structure is built almost en
tirely of metal; brass, steel and bronze
entering largely In its manufacture. It
is a metallic telescope tower, the inn»-r
tube being of brass and twenty feet lung.
no Interne, in the new apportionment
of wards Fine has been bulletii
"doctor," whether through courtesy or
not none care to say. But Dr. Suss
dorf is uncomfortable over the outlook,
for he stops as far as possible all con
versation of internes with newspaper
representatives, and in one instance
went bo far as to shake his fl?t at one
of them for talking to a reporter.
THE UNION BOX
FACTORY FIRE
Fire Marshal Towe After an
Investigation Thinks It Was
Accidental.
Anonymous Letters Threatening to
Burn the Place Received About
» Year Ago.
Fire Marshal Towe made an investiga
tion yesterday into the fire which de
stroyed the Union Box Factory Thurs
day night, and he Is satisfied that it was
accidental.
He sent for Night Watchman Crowley,
and the nightwatchman told him that he
was going his rounds when he noticed
some shavings on fire between the boiler
and elevator shaft. In a moment the
whole place seemed to be on flre and then
he heard an explosion, which was the
bursting of a barrel of oil. He saw no
one around the premises before the flre
broke out.
The flre marshal explains the apparent
peculiarity of Crowley seeing the whole
interior in a blaze by the fa«--t that In
all such establishments the air is filled
with a sort of thin sawdust which would
immediately catch flre all over the tuild
in»r
The superintendent of the factory made
a singular statement to the flre marshal.
He said that about a year ago two anony
mous letters were received at the fac
tcry in which threats iv.^re made that
th< place would be burned down if the
caused by the mtu-htnery was not
stopped. The letters were turned ov.-r t..
the postal authorities, but nothing more
w:<s heard of thorn. The police were not
notified as not much importance waa at
tached to the threats. In view of the
statement of Crowley. the flre marshal
does not connect the flre with the threat
ening letters, which had probably been
sent by some crank.
A. M. Simpson, the proprietor of the
factory, estimates his loss as follows:
(in building. J12.000; machinery. $25,000;
stock. $12,000; total, $49.000, none of which
was covered by insurance.
To-Day *• Town Talk
Contains character dissections by that
r!-ver reader of disposition by handwrit
ing, the Graphologist. Harr Wagner.
Pierre Douillet and other well-known
people are shown as the Graphologist
believe* thpm to be. from their chlrog
raphy. Pandora at tho lapt symphony
concert Is another interesting feature of
this Issue. •
SOLD LIQUOR TO MINORS.
Gustave Heorioulle Charged With
Getting Boys DrunK-
Qustave Henrloulle, a liquor dealer at
135 Second street, was arrested yesterday
afternoon by Sergeant Donovan on a
charge of Belling liquor to a minor.
Last Wednesday he Fold liquor to two
boys, Rafael Barsl and Kdward Klrby,
and both boys were taken to the <"lty
Prison by Policeman J. A. Ryan. They
■were both stupidly drunk. The place was
watched, and yesterday Sergeant Dono
van caught him selling liquor again to
the boy Klrby. He at once placed him
under arrut.
PROSECUTION OR
PERSECUTION?
Varying Opinions on the
Fining of a Christian
Scientist
Local Believers in the Faith
Cure Discuss the Action of
a Kansas City Judge.
According to Their Belief Thare Is
Little or Nothing to Be Feared
From Contagion.
The action of a Kansas City Judge In
sustaining the verdict of the Police
Court, fining a Christian Science prac
titioner $50 and costs for failing to «••
port a case of diphtheria she had unsuc
cessfully treated to the proper authori
ties, has caused considerable comment
in this city, both among believers in
and those who are antagonistic to the
faith cure. Christian Scientists look
upon the conviction as being in the na
ture of piTst'eut:on, while regular phy
sicians applaud the course pursued by
the Judge even to the extent of in
dorsing the severe denunciation he
made of the faith treatment.
and tho outer tube cf steel, which can
be extended twenty-two feet high. This
does away with the old method of using
a cotton hose, which was always in dan
ger of bursting, and has done so on nu
merous occasions.
The tower is nrrang-ed In a segmental
by which it can t>e deflected at any
angle within 40 degrees of the perpendicu
lar, thus enabling the operator to cover
the whole front of the burning building
instead of only one f>r two windows as
heretofore. The nozzle at the top can be
Lted by positive action from below,
and does not depend upon the pressure
<>; water straightening out the cotton
hose. Although the tower is composed
in the main of metal, it weighs but 6800
pounds, the Hale tower weighing Ifr.OOO
pounds. The tower rests on the truck
between the back wheels, which, being
Dr. John F. Morse, of the Board of
Health, said yesterday that the woman
had good reason to congratulate her
self on having escaped so easily. "She
deserved to be fined $5000 and given life
imprisonment (or her conduct," said
the doctor. "When a class of people
defies the health laws as was done In
this case no punishment can be too Be
veM. Here was a child allowed to die
from one of th» most dreaded of dis
eases without proper medical treat
ment and the case was not even re
ported to the authorities that proper
Ft* ps might be taken to prevent the
spread of the contagion. If such things
are permitted how can the people ex
pect to be protected?"
The followers and practitioners of the
faith-cure take a decidedly different
vl> w of the matter. Fi-veral of the
most pronounced Christian Scientists in
the city were seen and expressed the
opinion that the action of the Judge
was due in a great measure to preju
dice and ignorance.
Miss 8. E. Bradshaw, who Is looked
upon as the leader of the faith in San !
Francisco, said she was well aware of j
the hostility to Christian Science felt
by the medical profession and people !
generally who did not believe in it, and !
she presumed this hostility would con
tinue; but she asserted that the belief
in the faith-cure was constantly grow
ing.
"We are a law-abiding people," said
Miss Bradshaw, "but there are some
laws that are unjust; for instance, the
law that provides that none but regu- '
larly licensed practitioners shall minis- i
ter to the sick."
'Then you believe this Kansas City
woman was Justified in not reporting a
case of contagion to the authorities?"
"Well, that depends upon circum
stances, and we don't know all the cir
cumstances surrounding this case. It
would do no good to create needless
alarm in a community, although there
might be occasions when it would be
well to adopt some safeguards. Con
tagion, you know, is due in a great
measure to fear, as, for Instance, In
yellow fever epidemics, and if the fear
of the people is not aroused there Is
little danger. Moreover, we hold that
Christian Science prevents the spread
of disease as well as cures sickness it
self; in other words, that faith wards
off disease.
"Ab I said before, we are a law-abid
ing class and strive to observe the law
in every detail. Take vaccination, for
instance. We do not believe in it, but
the law compels it, and so when a per
son is vaccinated we allow it to work
Just enough to satisfy the requirements
of the law and then endeavor to check
further rpread of the innoculation. If
this were not done the person vaccinat
ed might suffer from a most painful
sore that perhaps would temporarily
disable the arm. The regujar doc
tors, however, let it run on and heal
itself. Sometimes we recognize a higher
law than that of man, and in obeying
the higher law we feel that we have
not violated any other."
•'What would yau do were a case of
contagion to come under your care;
would you feel in -duty bound to report
it to the health officers?"
"That is difficult to answer. Never
having had such a case I hardly Irtiow
what I would do. Of course some' peo
ple might regard a case as contagious
that I would not consider such."
Mrs. C. M. Howe, another prominent
healer by the faith-cure, went even fur
ther than Miss Bradshaw.
"We do not believe In contagion."
said she. "for the reason that we pre
vent it. As for this Kansas City af
fair It would be better to know all the
circumstoutces before passing judgment
upon it." - ■*■ " ; r
• • •
A TEACHER'S CLAIMS.
Elizabeth P. Bradley Asks the
Court to Restore h|er to
* Her Position.
The application of Elizabeth P. Brad
ley for a writ of mandate to compel the
Board of Education tc restore her to her
position of instructor in freehand draw
ing in the Polytechnic High School was
considered by Judge Hunt yesterday. The
petitioner, by a resolution adopted by the
Board of Education, was removed from
the position on June L 1897. and she al
leges that her removal was contrary to
law. Yesterday she testified that no rea-
Bon for her removal was ever given, and
the Board of Education has no power to
remove an instructor without cause. In
answer the board refers to the resolution
by which the petitioner was removed,
which at the same time abolished the
freehand drawing class in the Polytechnic
School. The board claims that owing to
the fact that the class was abolished a
pufflclent cause for the removal of the
instructor presented itself. After the case
was argued it was submitted and whether
or not the writ of mandate will be or
dered to issue will be known in a few
days.
TROUBLE OVER (\ BAD COIN.
Arrest of a Fruit-Vender for Giving
a Customer Counterfeit
Money.
Amndeo Gianelli. a 16-year-old boy.
who assists his father in conducting a
fruit store at the corner of Bryant and
Harriet str^f-tF. was arrested yesterday
by Deputy United States Marshal
Monckton on a charge of having passed
a counterfeit dollar on Edward Curtin.
Curtin informed Mr. Harris that he
hoiiprht 10 cents" worth of fruit from
young Gianelli and received $4 90 in sil
ver as change. After he had left the
larger and stronger, give It more sta
bility. The extension of the tower can be
raised while it Is in action, and thus
there are no delays in Its working.
Wherever the old model could be im
proved upon it was done, and it is no Idle
boast to say that it will be the finest
• water tower in the world. It will cost
$5000. every cent of which has been ex
pended in this city, and the profits that
would have accrued had it been built in
the East will all be absorbed in the good
work done by San Francisco artisans. The
reduction in friction which has been ef
fected throughout will give a better
stream with the same relative pressure,
and it is calculated that with 120 pounds
pressure in the receiver the tower will
throw a horizontal stream through a tip
two and a half Inches in diameter a dis
tance of 250 feet
I store he discovered that one of the dollar
: pieces given to him by Gianelli was a
! counterfeit. He returned to the store and
demanded a good dollar for the bad one.
Gianelli denied that he had given Curtln
' bad money and Curtin thereupon com
plained to the Federal authorities.
Young Gianelli was released in the aft
j ernoon on bonds.
MUST BE SENT
TO WASHINGTON
A Soldier Who Was Injured
Years Ago Goes Raving
Mad.
According to Army Rules and Regu
lations He Has Been Sent to '
the Capital.
A soldier on Angel Island has gone
crazy, and according to the • rules and
regulations that govern the army, he has
to be sent to "Washington. D. C. Two
men went along to take care of him, and
on his arrival in the capital he will be
cared for by the Government until he
dies. This is about the only case of the
kind that has ever occurred on this coast.
Twelve years ago John Madox enlisted
and was assigned to the Fourth troop of
cavalry. While riding a bucking bronco
he was thrown and bo seriously injured
that he was laid up for several weeks.
He got better and served out his term.
He re-enlisted and asked to be assigned
to the hospital corps. His request was
granted, and he was sent to Angel Island.
He had really never got better of his in
juries, and over a month ago he began
to act very peculiarly. He refused to eat
anything because he said Borne of the
soldiers wanted to poison, him. Finally
things came to such a pass that some one
had to partake of every dish before he
would eat it. ..■»....— ■
A week ago he became so violent that
he had to be strapped down, and then
the instructions came to send him to
Washington. He was placed on the over
land train by a file of soldiers last night
and during the run to »he capital he will
be cared For by Hospital Steward Staley
and Private Garrett, who will act as a
guard. V". ,
CARRIER PIGEON RACE.
A Young Bird's Training Begins
With a F'ig nt Over the Sea.
On board the ship Henry B. Hyde, which
sailed from here for Honolulu yesterday
at 9 a. m.. was a carrier pigeon, the prop
erty of H. C. Worth, residing at 1310
Golden Gate avenue. The bird was
brought down here from Sacramento to
bo trained for the race between carrier
pigeons which will take place between
that city and San Francisco on next
Monday, the beginning of the jubilee
At 1 p. m. T. P. Colcord. master of the
ship, liberated the bird at a point C
minutes southwest by south from the
whistling buoy. It reached here at 3:5$
p m.— remarkably good time for a pigeon
In a strange region hitherto used only to
flights overland. Around the pigeon's leg
was a note, in which the captain fur
nished data concerning the liberation of
the bird, and sent love to his "dear ones."
The bird is young, but it is considered
a strong flyer, and is expected to win the
race from Sacramento here. It is a more
than ordinarily intelligent specimen, as
many have been nonplused for hours
when set free on the sea without any
previous experience.
Wagon Licenses Due.
License Collector Bonnet has Issued a
notice that wagon licenses are now due,
and that unless paid by the last day of
this month a penalty of 25 per cent will
be added.
!
RANSACKED A
RESIDENCE
Burglar Caught Leaving
the House of One of
His Victims.
A Portion of the Booty Found
Secreted Under His
Shirt.
Hi 3 Accomplice Successfully Man
ages to Elude the
Polioe.
One of the "vacant-house" burglars
who have been operating in the "West
ern Addition Is at last behind prison
bars. He was arrested last evening
by Police Officer John Dougherty while
in the act of a depleting an unoccupied
house at 212S California street. Re
cently a number of vacant houses have
been entered and several hundred dol
lars' worth of lead pipe and gas fix
tures taken. Chief Lees instructed his
men to keep a sharp lookout for the
thieves, as their operations became so
j 1»old that he was determined to catch
; them.
While patrolling his beat on Califor
nia street Dougherty saw a man emerg
ing from a vacant house. From t#?
description given of the "tall" man he
concluded that he was one of the
thieves and determined to place him
under trrest. He was taken to the
City Prison, where he gave his name
as Louis Schultz. A search of his
person revealed several pieces of lead
pipe and various gas fixtures, which
he had concealed under his shirt. On
being confronted with the evidence the
prisoner looked down and admitted his
guilt. He gave the name of his part
ner in crime, and told where he could
be found.
Last night Schultz was closely ques
tioned by the detective. He admitted
that he was one of the men for whom
the police have been searching for a
long time and told where he had dis
posed of his booty.
"You have caught me at last," he re
marked. "I knew I^vould fall."
"After sizing up the house," he con
tinued, "I could not resist the tempta
tion, and summoning my partner, we
concluded to enter. I got the key
from one of the neighbors and to
gether a|> entered the house. "We
stripped the gas Jets of their furnish
ings and took all the lead pipe wo
could find. Fearing detection I placed
the stolen property under my shirt,
hoping to evade the police. When we
left the house we separated, my part
ner going in an opposite direction. I
had gone only a short distance when
the policeman, evidently suspicious of
my actions, placed me under arrest. I
endeavored to throw away the evider#?
of my guilt, but he discovered the trick,
and handcuffed me."
To-day every effort will be made to
arrest the prisoner's pal.
NERVOIS BREAK DOWN.
IT COMES TO THE PEEACHER FROM
OVER STUDY AND BRAIN TIRE.
It Comes to Any Person. Too, Who
Worries and Frets.
From the Huron Tribune, Bad Axe, Mich.
A "breaking down of the nervous ays- I
tern" is a modern expression — a modern •
complaint. It is induced by a prolonged
■train and the overtaxing of the nervous ;
system, and is a product of over hurry
and hustle. It affects the preacher and '
the lawyer— the direct result of brain .
tire. It affects people in any walk of j
life, too. who worry and fret. It means ■
a depleting of the nerve forces.
It Is curable by complete rest and I
change of scene, also by the use of nerv->
restorative* and nerve foods. As the first j
method is not within the reach of all, the |
latter offers the most universal and prac
tical method of treating the complaint.
When it is determined that medicine is j
to be used, select that one which con- i
tains the most nerve-nourishing proper
ties. Do not take nerve tonics. They only j
stimulate, and the reaction leaves you !
worse than you were before. Select the j
medicine that is to the nerves what meat !
Is to the body— one that as it builds up
the nerves, also increases your weight.
The best thing for the purpose is Dr.
Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, the !
reputation of which . is built up by solid '
and indisputable proof, and which is
known in every hamlet in the country.
A3 a proof of its merits in such cases,
read the following letter of a clergyman: i
DR. WILLIAMS' MED. CO..
Schenectady. N. Y.
Dear Sirs: In April, 18%. I was a hope
less case, owing to a complete breaking i
down of my nervous system and to a
persistent stomach trouble. I had been j
treated by a great many physicians, but
received no permanent benefit. I had
been down four times with nervous pros
tration and twice with gastritis. These
attacks would come with such violence
as to throw me into spasms. The time j
came when physicians said I must stop
preaching or die. I would be so exhaust
ed after the last service on Sunday that '\
I could scarcely get from the pulpit.
Many a time I have had to sit down and
rest before I could leave the church in j
order to gain a little strength. I could (
neither eat meat nor vegetables. I dared
not allow my bare feet to as much as
touch the cold carpet or floor, to say I
nothing of taking a cold foot bath. If I j
did I was immediately seized with
cramps. In this condition I commenced
to take Dr. Williams" Pink Pills for Pale
People. I took one box and felt no bet- |
ter, in fact worse. I said I would take no ,
more, but my wife urged the matter, j
feeling my life depended upon the result,
as everything else had failed, and I was
"used up." I therefore continued to take
them. Since then, and it has been several j
months. I have had but one slight attack i
and have enjoyed life. Have preached all •
summer and held revival meetings for !
fifteen weeks. During that time my wife
was sick seven weeks, so that my rest
was much broken. Some nights I did not
sleep at all. I have had no muscular ex
ercise for years until recently, when I
have done some work in my garden, and ]
my muscles stand the test remarkably i
well. I can eat anything I desire, and |
can now enjoy a cold bath daily. Every j
Babbath I preach three times, and now I
think I am good for another twenty !
years if the Lord wills. I am surprised ,
at myself, and sometimes think it cannot ;
be possible that I have accomplished j
what I have.
(Signed) "REV. J. N. McCREADT.
E'.kton. Mich."
Find attached the affidavit of Mr. Mc-
Cready, made before a notary public.
STATE OF MICHIGAN, I
COUNTY OF TUSCOLA, | ss.
J. N. McCready, being duly sworn, says
that the above and foregoing statements
BUM* by him are true. Subscribed and \
sworn to before me this 23d day of July, j
1897.
J. D. BROOKES, Notary Public.
All the elements necessary to give new
life and richness to the blood and restore
shattered nerves are contained, in a con- |
densed form, in Dr. Williams' Pink Pills
for Pale People. They are also a specific !
for troubles peculiar to females, such as j
suppressions and all forms of weakness.
$n men they effect a radical cure in all
cases arising from mental worry, over
work or excesses of whatever nature.
Dr. Williams* Pink Pills are sold in boxea
(never in loose bulk> at 50 cents a box, or
six boxes for J2 60, and may be had of all \
druggists or direct by mail from Dr.
l. Williams' Medicine Co., Schenectady ,N.Y.j
NEW TO-DAY.
WILL LIFT YOU OUT OF BED
and put you on your fest
after a spell of sickness much
quicker and better than any
other tonic In existence. The
!one Malt Extract which feeds
and put you on your fest
after a spell of sickness much
quicker and better than any
other tonic In existence. The
one Malt Extract which feeds
and strengthens, but does net
INTOXICATE.
All Druggists.
MBUTZBREWIUBCO.,
MILWAUKEE, WIS., U. S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
Wholesale Dealers.
416-418 sacramente St.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
vSUALAtUIU GQltlOB a C 2 ussus » «uuum»
MATINEE TO-DAY!
—TO-NIGHT— FAREWELL— TO-NIGHT—
WILLIE COLLIER
In the Comedy Triumph,
THE /VIAIN FROM mEXICO
NEXT MONDAY— E. E. Rice's "The Girl
From Paris."
.fRIEDLANDEfi OOTTLoBflC«Usui*ftn*aiM»
MATINEE TO-DAY!
TO-NIGHT. Sunday Ni*?ht. and All Next "Week.
Don't Cry. I'll Be Back for More!
X MATINEE TO-DAY!
GHT. Sunday NUM. and All Next Week.
Dent Cry. I" 11 Be Back for More!
John J. McNally'a Latest,
COURTED INTO COURT.
Presented by Rich & Harris' Comedy Co..
headed by Marie Dressier and John C. Rice.
Coming— PATTI'S TROUBADOURS.
Matinee To-Day, Saturday, Jan. 22.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
LAST NIGHT OP
The Kniben Kapelle, 40 Little Natural-Bora Xsileitni
RICE & ELMER, Comedy Athletes: CAR-
TER DE HAVEN, Diminutive Comedian: AL-
MONT & DUMONT, High-class Musical Spe-
cialists; KNIGHT ASTON, Australian Tenor
Robusto; PROF. C-ALLANDO, Lightning Clay
Modeler; PATRICE & CO., and PAULO St
DIKA. _^_^_
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kkkllxg, Proprietor & Manager
EVERY EVENING!
A Superb Success,
The Romantic Comic Opera,
BRIAN BORU.
Enlarged Chorus Augmented Orchestra.
BEAUTIFUL SOLOS.
Soul-Stirrintr Ensembles and Finales.
The Most Perfect Production of Years.
Popular Prices 77777 T. 25c and 50c
AT Cj a 7 A P Seats by Phone
r\.l-4\S Jr\JL<J-\r\ Main 254.
MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON.
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW, SUNDAY,
LAST TIMES— DOUBLE BILL.
"Forbidden Fruit" and "A Man's Love !"
—NEXT WEEK-
JUBILEE MATINEE MONDAY.
The Laughing Farce.
"ARABIAN NIGHTS!"
Seats Now on Sale.-
Prices l.'c, 25c, Ssc, 60c.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Magnificent Presentation of the Great War
Drama,
"THE BLUE AND THE GRAY P
Beautiful Patriotic Scenes and Tableaux. Tha
Acme Quartet in War and Camp - Bones. A
Strong Cast, New Scenic and Mechanical
Effects. A thrilling story of the struggle for
the Union.
Evening: prices— 25c and 50c.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND STJXPAT.
OT VMPT A Comer of M»*on and
UUmnA Eddy Streets.
Most Beautiful Music Hall in America,
GRAND REOPENING
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT t
KIRCHNER'S LADIES' ORCHESTRA !
V (Direct from New York).
20 Young Ladles, All Soloists, under the dlreo-
tlon of ANNA KILLIAN.
AND A GREAT BILL ; ;>:; > :
Of Eastern ! Musical and Variety Specialties.
MATINEE SUNDAY.
■ Theater Thoroughly Heated.
ADMISSION FREE.
TO-DAY 18 A GOOD DAY TO 6EE
CHIQUITA !
SHE IS THE
MARVEL OF THE AGE 1
And the Smallest Woman on Earth.
Dally Receptions at the
—CHUTES 1
Afternoon and Evening, RAIN OR SHINE.
10c to all, including Vaudeville; Children, 6c.
CENTRAL PARK.
JUBILEE BASEBALL CARNIVAL!
•3 GREAT DAYS-3
TO-DAY— 2 P. M..
WILL & FINCKS vs. BUSHNELL ALERTS.
TO-MORROW-2 P. M.,
BUSHNELL ALERTS vs. CAL. MARKETS.
MONDAY— 2 P. M.,
CAL. MARKETS vs. WILL & FINCKS.
ADMISSION-25C.
{RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting, 1337-98, Beginning MONDAY
January 10 to January 23, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY. WEDNESDAY.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES : JH DAY.
RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP.
. Ferry Boats leave San Francisco at 12 M.
and 12:30. 1:00. 1:30. 2:00. 2:30 and 3 P. M-,
connecting with trains stopping at the entrance
to track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell
Mound.
Returning— leave the 'j.'rack at 4:13
and 4:16 P. M., and immediately after the last
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS TR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
BUSH-STREET THEATER.
The Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Company.
Saturday, and Sunday .Nights, January 22
and 23. "SULAMITA."
Monday Evening, January 24, Jubilee Day,
by special request our greatest success, "KOLi
NIDRE." -- -' -
BALDWIN GROTTO,
Corner of Market and Powell Streets.
' TO-NIGHT: TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
STARK S VIENNA ORCHESTRA, an Un-
rivaled Organization, in CLASSICAL and
POPULAR SELECTIONS. ' - -
THE LYBECK CYCLE SKATING RINK,
Howard st., between Third and Fourth.
Moving Pictures and Optical 'lllusions.
ORCHESTRA MUSIC. . .
Open dally from 9:30 a. m. to 1£ m.: ! to 4:3 D
p. m.; 7 to 10 p. m. General Admission. 10c;
Gents' Skates, 15c; Ladies' Skates, Free. .
78
STREAKS OF YELLOW EXPOSED AGAIN.
Necessity for exposing the methods of
the Examiner once more arises. The
task is undertaken not from a hope of
reforming that sheet nor to inflict pain
upon it, but to further educate the
public to a knowledge of its true char
acter. The Examiner seems actuated
by a most unseemly prejudice against
honesty.
There was no surprise at tke an
nounced intention of the Mission street
sheet to issue a Golden Jubilee edi
tion. The Call had already made a
similar announcement, and the Incli
nation to feebly imitate The Call had
been manifest on former occasions.
California is a large State and its his
tory rich in incident. To collect
material for a special issue would not
teem to be an impossible undertaking,
end no paper but the Examiner would
have felt impelled to couple its ef
forts to methods such as prevail in
transactions like the sale of a gold
brick.
A letter reproduced on this page tells
the entire story. It shows how the Ex-
SUITER'S MILL
Drawn by A. Thurston Heydon from a photograph taken in
1851, now in possession of the State Mining Bureau,
San Francisco Made for and reproduced from an
advance copy of the Placerville Mountain Democrat's
Souvenir Edition.
KELSEY IN 1880.
The Old Hotel on the Left Was the
House in Which James W.
Marshall Lived and Died
The scene in the cabin where
Marshall lay dead was, like other
pictures, made for the Placerville
Mountain Democrat, but in some
manner got into possession of
the Examiner, and has been ad
vertised as exclusive.
aminer has used its display type to de
ceive its readers and make them think
that which was really a piece of trk-k
ery a stroke of enterprise. To take
pictures that had been collected and
prepared for publication by a country
paper and then claim to have some
thing exclusive was wholly character
istic. Fortunately the Placerville oui
tor is not the sort of man to tamely
submit to so gross an Imposition. The
indignation felt by himself and friends
is so righteous and thevase they make
out so clear that to refrain from giving
publicity to 'it would be an actual in
justice.
IN THE REALM
OF HIGH ART
Admirable New Creations in
Colors Evolved by Local
Genius.
It is now rather a quiet time with the
local artists in general, few of them being
rushed with orders for the products of
the brush of genius.
L. P. Latimer has lately finished a
beautiful picture in water colors, entitled
"The Brook." It is taken from one of
nature's pictures in Sonoma County, and
Th>e Exari)iner Steals Matter Secured for a
Placerville Paper.
The clipping which accompanied the
letter was an advertisement sotting
forth that the photographs of Marshall
and the picture of him as he lay dead
in his little cabin would appear in the
Golden Jubilee edition, and had never
been published. Perhaps the-Exam
iner may present a technical excuse
fpr this fabrication. The paper for
which the pictures were made and
from which they were taken by some
scheme of fraud has already come
from the press, but it will bear a date
.1 day later than the Examiner. Such
an excuse, however, would but make
JAMES W. MARSHALL as He Lay in Death on the
Morning of the 10th of January, 1885.
a mean act meaner, and haste is
made to direct the attention of the
editorial intelligence of Mission street
to this circumstance, thus saving it
from deeper sin and new rebuke.
With these few kindiy remarks as an
introduction the letter and other ex
hibits are presented.
In this relation it is only fitting that
an account should be given of James
Wilson Marshall, who was born at
Round Mountain Farm, near Marshall's
Corner, Hunterdon County, State of
New Jersey, on the 10th day of October,
1810. His father, a man of some note
in his church and State, was born in
It shows consummate skill in both draw
ing and color. It is to be sent to the
British Society of Water Colours of Lon
don, England, for exhibition. A similar
subject is "Solitude," representing a
scene in a lonely canyon, and showing
this artist at his best. An oil painting,
"Preparing Ground for the Summer Fal
low." shows a foreground of oak trees,
with workmen in the middle distance rak
ing up stubble and burning it.
Arthur F. Mathews has recently com
pleted several new panels in oil for in
terior decoration. One in particular,
whose theme is "Cupid and Psyche," is
exquisite in subdued tones. Mr. Mathews
has been engaged for over three months
upon ceiling decorations for the drawing
room of an East Oakland capitalist, with
some admirable effects as a result. The
border of the ceiling is in conventional
ized pine cones and needles and the hang
ing moss so common to the California
forests.
THE SA^ FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JAXTJARY 22, 1893.
This It Booms as "Exclusive" ar)d an Indication
of Its Own Enterprise.
These photographs include
the one the Examiner has
advertised as never having
been published.
JAMES WILSON MARSHALL
From photos taken during the last sixteen years of his life. The center
likeness was drawn by A. Thurston Heydon from the last photo
taken before his death.
the same place in 1786, and died In
Maryland in 1534, and was buried in
the Mt. Hope cemetery at Lambertville,
New Jersey. His mother, Sarah Wil
son. Wiis born near Harbourton, New
y, in 1788, ami died in 1878, and
was buried by htr husband's side. Mar
shall's grandmother on his father's side
was a Rebecca Hart, daughter of John
Hart, who was one of the signers of
the Declaration of Independence from
New Jeney. Be had four sisters, all
burn at I.ambertviUe, all of whom are
now deceased. He claimed that an
<>ighth strain of Delaware blood flowed
through his veins. There was noth
William Keith has on view some new
pictures from which his reputation cannot
suffer. A s<ri-:-s of three landscapes,
called '"Nature," "Animal Life" and
"Spirit Life" will command the admira
tion <if the art connoisseur. The first Is
in subdued tones, showing an ideal sun
rise in a valley, with no trace of other
than vegetable life. The second Is a pas
toral scene, animated by cattle and sheep,
disposed in lifelike groups and attitudes.
A summer shower is depicted, with sun
shining through clouds, the whole effect
being moderately bright as to color. The
third picture is a very unique and origi
nal embodiment of the unknown and the
unknowable to mortal ken, representing
the figure of a woman in the foreground
in the attitude of gazing in all-absorbed
manner toward the dim horizon, black
clouds supplying a somber mantle for the
scene.
John A. Stanton is worKing upon a
sketch for an oval panel which is to com
prise part of the decoration of the drop
curtain for the new San Jose Opera
house. The work is noteworthy aside
from its artistic merits, as bein«- the only
ing remarkable about him as a boy.
excepting a tendency to see visions, and
he learned his father's trade of wheel
wright.
Shortly after his fathers death Mar
shall moved to Crawfordsville, where
he worked as a carpenter for several
months. Then he went to Warsaw, Illi
nois, and next to Fort Leavenworth,
Mo., intending to take up land in the
Platte purchase. There, between farm
ing, carpentering and trading, he was
fairly prosperous until he came down
with the ague which reduced him to
a shadow. in May, 1844, he started
for California as one of the "bullpunch
ers" in a train of a hundred wagons.
He wintered at Fort Hall, thence
went to Oregon and finally drifted to
California, where he entered Captain
Sutter's employ at Sutter's Fort. For
poveral months he made plows and
spinning wheels and was the handy
man of the place.
Marshall enlisted in the Bear Flag
War and served through that and the
Mexican War in California. Although
not in a position of command, still, ac
cording to his own statements, he was
of great assistance to his superiors in
bringing the wars to a successful ter
mination. He received his discharge in
March, 1847, but on account of the tri
angular dispute between Kearny and
Fremont and Stockton as to who was
entitled to supreme command, he, as
well as the rest of volunteers, was not
paid at that time for his services, and
some, among whom was Marshall,
Claim that they were never paid. This
treatment did not meet with his un
qualified approval and nourished the be
lief, so dear to his heart, that he was a
much abused man. He went back to
the fort, and was a hard-looking object
as he came tramping in, barefoot and
clad in buckskin. He went to work
for Captain Sutter and afterward dis
covered gold at Coloma, as related pre
viously.
At first Marshall had a number of
white men working on "tribute" and
did considerable mining with the In
dians, but in the rush he lost the land
to which he only had a squatter's
right, which under either American or
Mexican law was null and void on min
eral land.
In equity and in accordance with the
mining usa^ps which have been in force
from that day to this, he was entitled
to two average sized claims and the
ground occupied by the mill and what
was necessary for its untrammeled op
eration. But he wanted everything and
ambitious undertaking of its kind ever
made by a California artist. The subject
in this case is a very animated one, con
sisting of a spring landscape in cool, deli
cate tones of grayish quality, enlivened
with beautiful female figures arrayed in
fete eostumt s of the Empire period.
C. D. Robinson has a number of new
marine pictures— some just finishe and
oth.rs yet on the easel. "Seal Rocks,
from Cypress Point (Monterey)" is a
very admirable creation, with opalescent
bluish gray as a predominating tone. "A
Stormy Sunset" describes a scene looking
out to sea through the Golden Gate, just
beyond Alcatrai. It displays a deep rich
red and orange sunset, the coloriner being
superb. A long in-rolling swell of the
ocean covers all of the foreground and
middle distance. The sky coloring is such
as is only seen just prior to or immediate
ly after a heavy storm— a fact which the
artist has emphasized by the representa
tion of a couple of fishing-boats scudding
rapidly for the protecting shelter of San
Pablo Bay. A distinct departure in
method from that usually employed by
this artist is to be seen in a picture of a
Instead of concentrating his attention
upon mining he spent his time post
ing notices and getting into trouble
with the newcomers, thus rendering
himself so unpopular that he was fin
ally unable to save even that to which
he was justly entitled, and so he ulti
mately lost everything without a cent
of remuneration.
For several years thereafter Marshall
was a wanderer, but finally returned
to Coloma and bought the ground
where his cabin and monument now
stand. He made quite a success with a
vineyard and in '82 his old cabin was
burned down and the present one was
erected in its place.
In '69 and '70 Marshall went on two
lecturing tours, which were unqualified
successes financially as long as he kept
sober, but his affinity for jags brought
both to an untimely end.
Marshall spent the greater portion of
his latter years at Kelsey, some six
miles distant from Coloma, swinging
back and forth until finally he moved
to Kelsey for good.
After his return from his second tour
the Legislature made the following ap
propriations for him:
February 2, 1572, $200 per month
for two years $4800
March 23, 1874, $100 per month for
two years 2400
April 1, 1876, $100 per month for
two years 2400
Total $9600
Naturally liberal, he scattered his
money indiscriminately among friends
and parasites, and he Boon became but
little better than a common sot. This
had the effect of terminating the ap
propriations and the remaining seven
THE LETTER WHICH TELLS THE STORY.
sunset on the ocean beach below the Cliff
House, he having chosen the wreck of
the schooner William L.. Beebe as the
incident around which to depict the mo
tive. The sunset is in pale orange and
gold, but the general scheme of color in
the picture as a whole suggests a yellow
ish copper bronze. From an artistic point
of view this work is a specimen of unique
beauty in art.
Children's Society Organizes.
Tho directors of the California Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
have organized by the election of the fol
lowing officers for the ensuing year:
Charles Sonntag, president; W. R. Par
nell, secretary; George A. Newhall, treas
urer; L. A. Presco.t, assistant secretary;
Charles L. Patton. counsel, and Philip
C. Dibert, attorney. Colonel Sonn
tag gave a brief review of the work ac
complished in the past year and said he
looks for good results .in the present
year. John F. Merrill took his seat as a
member of the board. Sigmund Greene
years of his life were spent In poverty
as far as ready money was concerned.
He had property enough in Kelsey to
have kept himself comfortable all of his
life, but he would neither sell nor
work it. His poverty was the result
of his inability to take care of himself
under any conditions which could have
been devised and for that very reason
the State ought not to have cut him off
entirely, but should have given him
$25 per month until his death.
Marshall was a rank spiritualist and
claimed that he had always been aware
that there was a great work for him
to do. and that he had been guided and
caused to make the discovery by spir
itual influences. Be that as it may, he
certainly did make the first available
discovery of California's gold.
Although naturally worthy of better
things, he deteriorated until, in plain
English, he was unprepossessing in ap
pearance, untidy in person and filthy
in habits; his habitation was a den
reeking with tobacco juice, strewn and
plastered with antiquated quids and
redolent with creosote. His objection
able traits became so prominent that
the general impression concerning him
was decidedly uncharitable. He was
very hospitable and fond of children,
while the lasting regard which his
friends have for him shows that there
were elements of true worth in his
character. He was an unfortunate be
ing, misunderstanding and misunder
stood, born to unhappiness and sorrow,
and was one of those wrecks which nar
rowly escaped being a. genius.
Some have sought to rob him of this
credit because the padres mined for
gold In Southern California, although
no important results sprang from their
work. James "W. Marshall's discovery,
made on the 24th day of tlanuary, 1848,
was the first discovery of the great gold
deposits of the Sierra Nevada, and a3
he was the first one to bring them to
the notice of the world, he is justly en
titled to whatever credit is due to the
baum, manager of the London, Paris and
American Bank, was elected a life mem
ber.
IN HONOR OF LINCOLN.
Preparations flre Beiog Made to
Commemorate theflnijiversary
of Mis Birth.
Every effort is being made by the Lin.
coin Monument Association to make the
coming celebration in honor of the great
statesman and warrior a success through
out the country.
From present reports indications point
to a general observance of the day in all
the cities throughout the entire Union,
and this fact is due principally to the en
ergy of the members of the local league.
As •'Lincoln day." as it is called, falls
on Saturday, February 12, 0f this year, the
school exercises in honor of his memory
discovery of gold in commercially valu
able quantities in California.
The afternoon before his death, while
sitting upon his front porch talking to
some neighbors, he pointed to some dy
ing plum trees and said, "That's the
way I feel, part dead and part alive.
That's the way we will all go, one by
one."
As he was feeling poorly he took a
dose of physic before retiring. Mar
shall had a partner by the name of
Hill, and when he heard Marshall stir
ring the next morning, he asked him if
he had heard the noises in the upper
part of the house during the night.
Marshall replied that he had, but laid
it to the rats which infested the gar-,
ret. Hill went out rabbit hunting, and
returning after quite an absence set
about preparing the breakfast. Shortly
afterward he spoke to Marshall, who
was lying dressed upon the bed, his hat
pushed down over his eyes and his
right arm and leg hanging down by the
side of the bed with his right foot
touching the floor. Receiving no an
swer, he touched Marshall, and finding
him motionless, he became alarmedU
went to the door and called out to Mb.
Sipp and Tom Allen that something
was the matter with Marshall as he
seemed to be dead.
They ran over and Mr. Sipp immedi
ately put his hand on Marshall's breast,
but although the heart was still, there
was so much warmth that life had evi
dently been extinct only a few mo
ments. All of the indications showed
that he had arisen, dressed in haste,
as his shoes were unlaced, had gone to
the rear, returned, leaving the back
door open, felt weak, laid down and
died. He did not starve to death, as
has been claimed, for he had some
money and, for him, quite a supply of
provisions.
Although Marshall died at Kelsey he
was buried at Coloma, and Placer
ville Parlor No. 9, Native Sons of the
Golden West, had the honor of initiat
ing the movement which resulted in the
erection of the monument which marks
his resting-place and commemmorates
his discovery.
Marshall died upon the 10th of Au
gust, ISBS, aged 74 years and 10
months, but his monument was not un
veiled until the 3d day of May, 1890.
It is to be regretted that the correct
date of the discovery was not inscribed
.upon the monument, it bearing the
date of January 19, instead of January
24, 1848.
eraoJn. held ° n the precedln S Friday aft-
State Superintendent Jackson of Ne
braska has just issued an appropriate
that' e Stn J 0 V he coml celebration in
that State. Among other things it con
tains poems, speeches and songs, all of
which bear on the character and ser
vices of Abraham Lincoln. This souvenir
ifi»ja?Bßa oTKraSa a C h d°?s
ccc cl S eb r e t^n. a tO them in *« <SS»S
*v. A ' demonstration in commemoration of
the day is expected to be held in th s city
and the members of the local league are
striving to make it a memorable Inn™
PrelfdTnt birthda y °* the g£ t
Custom-House Holiday.
On Jubilee day (next Monday) the
Custom House, Appraiser's store and
bonded warehouses will be closed The
postofflce will remain open from 8 to 10
a. m.. and from 12 m. to 1:30 p. m.FLYING EMBERS
FROM
THE TRACK.
The racing game in replete with hard
luck years, tapering down from the man
who loßt the ferry-boat by a minute with
a 100 to 1 shot that won In a romp, pinned
in his hat, to the swipe losing a thousand
dollar '•combo" by a whisker. The latest
one is on Tom Costiffan. the partner of
Frank Phillips. The firm is the owner of
the chestnut gelding Judge Stouffer.
which Yon the second race at Oakland
yesterday, with the ring laying 25 and 30
to 1 agralnst him. It appears that Tom
thought the horse had a royal chance,
but was confined at his home on this
side on account of sickness. Just as An
nouncer Bob McGlbben shouted the re
pr.lt Bookmaker Abe Levy was handed a
telegrata which read about like this:
"Bet $100 for me on Stouffer. Costig-an."
Trainer Jimmy McCormick is evidently
not unlike many other horsemen, if an
opinion of his aired in the columns of an
evening paper is any line on his thinking
apparatus. He is quoted as saying that
he saw nothing wrong about the ride of
Horse on I Don't Know, and that many
who sit in the stand and lose a bet are
Inclined to be too critical. No doubt this
latter remark was served up with tartar
for the benefit of the press. In nine
out of ten when an owner reads an
article in a newspaper reflecting on the
ride of some particular rider he will lay
the paper down with the remark: "That
guy must have lost a bet on the race."
The writer was one of many that thought
Morse's ride about as pretty a piece of
athletic work as has been seen around in
this section for some years, niot except
ing the exhibition of Fred Carillo astride
A] Farr-w in days gOl ■
It was diff>r<nt from the rest, from the
■ that his handiwork was so coarse.
,Th<? case was n opened and the inside i
l ta of the whole Job laid bare. They
known to the writer on the- day of
:h>- race. The manipulator of the job.
6 Nichols, was warned off the
course, and the suspension of Morse is
likely to stand for all time. So it would
appear that train, rs do not always get
hold of the right end, and there is a bare
possibility that all newspaper people do
n^t travel about in, blinkers and bet on
every race that is criticized.
rley Kink, the owner of Newsgath
erer. the equine conundrum, and the
handy filly Bonlta, was once a rider,
though his present condition physically
would not indicate as much. Charley, so
some of t!i< old tiino riders say. would
been nosed out had it ever
been his good fortune to have booked up
with "Snapper" Garrison or even some
r light, bvit some very good yarns
are I him. > >r, one occasion he
found himself in a bis bunch of 1
end it sud. to him that the
other riders w< re squeezing him ;i bit.
Then it was that he showed himself to
be a Bismarck in the way of diplomacy.
Addressing the collection of riding mate
rial in ger.oral be shouted: "Don't put
me > ■■ >ys; I got a vife."
The two- thus far shown up
appear to be a most mediocre lot. though
it is yet early ■ ason, and there
arf- sai'i to *•• •me very Bpeedy "babies"
under cover. L"Uis Ez^ll, with his usual
foresight. Bprang a well-seasoned and
thoroughly drilled chestnut filly in Buena
Ventura, and. as a natural consequence,
has annexed both purses hung up. She
has plentj but it remains to be
seen whether the daughter of Luke
Blackburn belongs to the stake division.
The "track scorchers" from the Tiurns &
Waterhouse stable have not as yet been
cut h.opp. Thai firm is accused of being
the possessor of some very useful raring
timber.
Th<? Judges finally set their foot down
firmly, and informed the jockeys that
rough riding would no longer be tolerated.
This should have been done some weeks
ego. Not fir rears has so much of this
sort of work been witnessed. "Skeets"
Martin crime out here with an Eastern
reputation earned of being a "Hurrah.
Johnny!" rider. He was tame until
Wednesday, when he undertook to win a
ptnke with Mainstay. If football io ever
played by mounted riders, "Skeets" will
become famous as a "tackle." Unfor
tunately, tired of being buffeted about.
<"harl<=-y Thorpe decided to take a hand
n the game. This brought about the
risis. The latter rider ha« put up with
& great deal without ever making com
plaint to the officials in the stand, and
•hough patience is said to be a virtue.
:rprise was expressed that Charley's
supply was about exhausted.
Peace reigns supreme again on the
Blac-k Jack shooting reserve, so it is
paid, and the d,;cks again retire at night
without having to fnsten down their win
dows. Henry Shields, Mike Hennessy
and "Yellow" Dorsey. Jim Ferguson's
ant. are back in town. They went
a river as the guests of the Black
Jack Gun Club, and each distinguished
himself in his own particular line, ac
e rding to a mombrr of the club. Shields
Tibed as Iw me such an adept at the
art of shooting *1. • .' ■•■ disdained the use
of a shotgun, preferring a small caliber
rifle in his crus the canvasbacks
mallards. Mik»'. the informant says.
Is a natural born tule fplitter. and his
c for wlkinsr on the water made a
ETf-at hit. He is the present holder of
". having lasrged thirty-seven
'■irks on one excursion. Dorsey, so it
ems. has a way of turning hi* face up
side down and with a cooing sort of a
ted the feathery tribes and
' thf-m at leisure. As soon as the
tion reaches, the
new food supply the trio
starting out on another tour.
Chlcogoana now wintering here arc
lobtlani over the very rosy pros
ects ■ f an extended season of racing: in
• Windy f'ity the coming season. Both
of the Legislature have reported
rably on the racing bill, which per
•.f forty-five days of sport at each
track,
It seems r.Rtural to see Dan ICcCarty,
of white hat fame, at the track once
more. Dan tired of country life, and Is
giving the city a whirl for a time. He
had not been In town many hours before
he attended the auction sale. One de
(r^pit-looking thoroughbred by the. name
Of Woodburner or something of that sort
was brought out. wearing quite a good
looking leather halter. "Theresa halter I
want," said I'an in jest, and bid $1."..
There was no o#her bid, and. though
the halter was a trifle expensive,
he congratulates himself on the fact that
jo got it with a horse thrown in. At last
* .ints Dan was trying to swap the
h rse for a single-barreled shotgun.
F. O. MT'LHOLLAND.
HANDBALL GAMES
FOR GOLDEN PRIZES.
Phil Ryan has arranged what he calls
a Golden Jubilee series Of handball
games, to be played to-morrow in his
court on Howard street, near Fifth. Th«
following is the order in which the
game? will be played:
T. Foley and E. Barry vs. J. Klrby and J.
Hogan.
W. Hamilton and P. Ryan vs. M. Joyce and
M. Basch.
L. Waterman and D. J. Sheehan vs. N. J.
Prenrtergast and X. Herder.
.J. White and E. Toy vs. R. Murphy and J.
Collins.
D. Rogers and M. McNeil vs. G. McDonald
and C. McKinnon.
D. Connelly and E. Curley vs. M. Mauulre
and M. Dillon.
J. C. Kealon and T. F. Bonnet vs. J. Rior
dan and M. J. KilKallon.
•
NEW YORK CLIPPER
ISSUES ITS ANNUAL.
The New York Clipper has just issued
Its annual for 1898. It is full of valuable
Information of records made in every field
of sport Excellent half tones of theatri
cal and sporting people flu its pages and
a<id tn the mak«-up of the volume.
Typographically it is a work of art. Much
care has been shown in the arrangements
or the different departments and the In
dex Is so complete that Information on
any sport can be found almost instantly.
Exceltlor Athletic Club Sports.
The monthly exhibition of the Excelsior
Athletic Club will take place on Friday
evening. January 2fi, at the club rooms,
rner Eighth and Folsom streets.
Then? will be several hot preliminary
four-round set-tos, and other athletic
b ports.
The main event will be a six-round con
test for a valuable trophy, also for the
middleweight championship of the club,
between Pat Lynch and Joe Kane.
THE FIELD OF SPORT
FAST HOUNDS
FROM
COLD COLORADO.
A large crowd will witness the coursing
meeting at Ingleside Park to-day, as It Is
expected that some close and exciting
courses will be run.
The meeting will end to-morrow. It
was rumored yesterday that Press Agent
McQuinne of the Ingleslde Park had left
this city for the gold fields of Alaska.
He has not been seen for some days in
the open.
The promoters of the new coursing park
have secured a five years' lease of tifty
two acres of land immediately across tfie
county line. Of this property forty acres
constitute what is known as Tnion Park,
and the remaining twelve have been se
cured from Mr. Wigmore.
On the new park a grand stand, betting
ring, clubhouse and kennels are to be
built. The work of inclosing the park
will be commenced on Tuesday and the
opening day will be February 22. The
gentlemen interested In the new venture
are E. V. Sullivan, I. F. Halton, P. C.
Curtis of Santa Clara, George Whitney of
E. E. DREES, Toastmas»er of the Petaluma Sportsmen's Club.
The following letter from Petaluma concerning the result of the late
"varmint" hunt, explains itself:
Sporting Editor Call: On Tuesday evening last the banquet hall of the
Petaluma Social Club was the scene of a merry feathering, when the los
ing team of the recent "varmint" hunt were the hosts to the winners of the
same occasion. The gathering was to have been at the clubhouse of the
sportsmen, but owing to the weather the locality was changed. But that
mattered not, for from the time E. E. Drees, as master of ceremonies, gave
the signal, all went merry as a marriage bell, and the only contest was one
of clearing the tables of the delicious foods thereon.
E. E. Drees was also toastmaster, an- toasts, songs, speeches and bons
mots followed quickly after one another. R. S. Brown, J. H. Frltch and
F. C. West were voted the champion story tellers. After a thoroughly
merry time the banqueters dispersed to the strains of "Auld L*ang Syne."
The members of the Sportsmen's Club were: R. S. Brown, Lyman
Green. Tony Mego, J. V. Long, F. M. Collins, E. J. Cavanagh, L. F. Steitz,
J. T. Studdert, J. Steiger, George Ortman, Ben F. Phillips. D. T. Ruflin. G.
A. Drees, E. E. Drees, S. J. Hopkins. A. A. Smith, J. Homer Fritch, W.
Steiger, George Griess Jr. and Ed D. Hedges.
The guests were: Charles Skinner, Captain Fred Walker, Colonel D. B.
Fairbanks, F. C. West, B. F. Zartman, J. E. Lockwood and Captain Thomas
Maclay.
Campbell, R. C. Scott and J. H. Rosseter.
It Is said that an attempt will be made
to import a Judge of coursing from old
England, and that already correspondence
with that object In view is being carried
on.
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo., Jan. 17.
Sporting Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: One
of the strange sights of Colorado's gold min
ing camp these days, and one that creates
more comment than even the discovery of a
new vein of ore running several hundred dol
lars per ton. Is the spectacle of a half dozen
blanketed greyhounds trotting through UM
streets every afternoon taking their dally con
stitutional. These dogs are owned by Messrs.
Simmons and Donahue, two of Cripple Creek •
most popular young business men. The dogs
are being put In shape to run In California
next month, and If one of them does not win
the John Grace challenge cup there Will be, a
whole lot of disappointed people here.
When these gentlemen took five dogs to run
for the big purse at Merced last November
very few people here knew anything about
coursing. It In different . now, however. The
newspaper accounts of that big meeting spread
the Intelligence that Cripple Creek dogs did
well, and when Rusty Gold was beaten by
Mlalmo in the final there were many expres
sions of regret.
The Colorado coursers returned home loud
In their praise of that wonderful climate of
California, but more especially of coursing and
coursing men whom they had met on the
Coast. They did not waßte much time in Ret
ting a new string of dogs on their return, as
they had left ail their Merced runners on the
Coast. They claim to have faster ones now
than even Rusty Gold, among the number be
ing a brother and the eire of the Merced
runner-up.
The •Cripple Creek coursers will leave here
for San Francisco on the 10th of February with
their dogs that are entered for the Grace cup.
the flirt round of which will be run at Ingle
side Park on February 21. !
With a thermometer here registering close to
zero at noon, dogs need heavy cover without
doubt. Still it does look as though they would
be handicapped In regard to training, com
pared with the California trained hounds. The
owners, however, cay that they have the best
dogs on earth and will convince their Cali
fornia friends that high altitude road work Is
better for a dog than sea level exercise. Yours
truly,* A CRIPPLE CREEKER. ;
OARSMEN WILL PLAY
BASEBALL TO-MORROW.
Many of the oarsmen will lay aside
their oars to-morrow and journey to the
Presidio athletic grounds and watch the
Aiiels and Dolphins navigate the dia
mond. Both teams have been assiduous
ly practicing for the past month with a
determination to win.
Aside from a baseball standpoint, there
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 22, 1898.
should be plenty of fun In the game.
The Dolphins will be handicapped by not
being in condition, as they wlil attend
a banquet to-night. A committee has
been appointed to see that the team eats
and drinks In moderation, so that It can
uphold the club on the field. Last year's
games between the two clubs nroved very
interesting. Both teams rolled up such
a score that the man keeping tab got
tired and gave It up as a hard job. One
yi;ir hus brought about good improve
ment, and the captains think the game
will be a close on<\
The Artels have the following men to
represent them: D. O'Connell, pitcher;
R. Ellis, catcmer; James O'Connell. first
base; P. 'Wilson, second base; H. Wilson,
third base; H. Oaveney. shortstop; N.
Prendergast, left field; Al Carroll, center
field; J. Nolan, right field.
The Dolphins swear by these men: C.
Roach, pitcher; F. Woerner, catcher; W.
O. Patch, first base; L. Duncan, second
W. Kush, third bane; Al Shields
shortttop; E. P. Sullivan, left field- c'
M. Stewart, center field; J. Bartman
right Qi Id.
The game will be called at 2 p. m. The
losing tram will din« the victors.
The annual banquet of the Dolphin
Swimming and Boating Club will be held
this evening. A choice programme has
been arrai >;>■(]. and a good time is prom
is- <1 the members.
At the last meeting of the Dolphins a
committee was appointed to arrange a
picnic to be held some time In February
or April. Thf proceeds will be used in
purchasing a new barpe.
Frank Wilson of the Arlels Intends row
ing again. lie h<-ld the junior champion
ship in sk'ff racing in I&S7. since which
tirm- he has not rowed. He will begin
trnlning for the senior skiff events somo
time this month.
•^•- <;r«.-ii, th» well-known welter
weight pugiiist. has offered his name for
membership in the South End Club.
Dr. Dennis met with an accident while
out in his shell near the T'nion Iron
Works li.st week. His oar broke In the
middle. :ir<l he fill into the liav. He was
rescued by a boatman and ta\ten to the
boathouse.
The South Ends will hold a banquet the
first week in February.
The Ariels will be represented this sea
son by a powerful junior crew. The mi-n
who compose it are well-known athletes
of the Turn Vereln.
A "low jinks' will be held by the Ala
medas within a short time.
UNEMPLOYED ORGANIZED.
They Will Make ar) Earnest Fight
for Recognition in the
Charter.
The unemployed of the city have made
a permanent organization for the pur
pose of demanding recognition on the
charter. Their headquarters are at 1028
Market street, where their petition la
constantly exhibited for signatures. Their
petition demands that there be a specific
levy of taxes for the purpose of giving
work to the unemployed, and that tti&
minimum wages paid shall be |2 a day.
Some of the leaders of the movement
say it is very popular with the merchants,
who will welcome It as a speedy way of
escaping from a hundred or more appeals
for aid each day.
CYCLING CLUBS
SHOULD
ENTERTAIN MORE.
San Francisco has fewer bicycle clubs
in proportion to Us sze than any other
city in the United Suites except Cincin
nati. The wheeling interest Is not dor
mant, however, for there are estimated to
be over 2T>.(hio riders In this city alone.
Of this number a scant thousand belong
to organized clubs, and over half of th«?
total individual membership of the C. A.
C. C— or over COO— is made up of unat
tached riders.
In looking around for a reason Tor this
state of affaire, we are confronted with
the fact that the managers of the < yi■lt
clubs here have not yet learned from our
Eastern brethren the art of making their
clubs sufficiently attractive to induce a
large membership. True, we find in the
Olympic. Imperial. Bay City, San Fran
cisco. California and similar institution?
rather attractive club quarters. But with
the obsolete club run and an occasional
unentertaining "smoker" me efforts stop,
and there is nothing to tempt a man to
Join a club or to patronize it after he has
done so.
Hut the club manager will answer and
say: "Ah, but we have only 100 mi-mln-rs,
and. at II a month, that is barely enough
money to run the club, without run
ning Into debt for more luxuries; for the
present. Wait until :.'.re num
bers find more income. ' Wait.
The wise business m.in. when business
Is not at its best, does not sit by idly and
wait for it i<i com* to him. He brings
It to him by advertising in some form or
another, arid prosperity returns at
What th^ Sari Fr.
need is advertising in their own city
among the (lass of riders who would be
likely to become members. Many an un
attached rider would be a dab man to
day If ho saw where it would accrue to
hip advantage. He is probftbjy h.>t a
racing man. as Btatif>ti<-n shfldv that only
one wheelman in every 200 ev> r i
himself and that only 1 in every S I
riders ever attend a h.cycle rare. There-
Core, he is not attracted by any club that
caters to the racing element, and it Is a
false idea to think that the winning of
races, relays and the like is of particular
benefit to the dub. The winning club
may oe better known in the public mouth,
but a glance at its membership roll ;*::d
treasury will explain the rest.
There! re, our unattached frk-nd must
I tticed by some other nil ans th:m
cycle racing. Mayhap he lik-s muring
awheel, in which event a long list of
proposed tours for the season, prepared
months in advance of their occurreni « by
tli'- t-iub eai'tuin. will be a bait at which
he will likely nibble.
Kut the chances are he wants his bi
cycle club to also serve the purpoei
a aortal institution, where he may pa.-.;
frequent evenings during the week. '
a pretty 1 , well-located club house, with
piano, reading and c;ird rooms und bil
liard hall, will attract him for tl.
few visits but not after that. Probably
his own home is as good as the club
house, his sisters play the piano |
than any of the boys at the club, if he
desires to read his home is m^re quiet,
sin.] Mlliards are a pastime that one soon
tires of if it is the only one, particularly
when playing with chipped balls and un
tlpped cues.
KaMern bicycle clubs have been through
al! th:s, and many of them have suc
cumbed. Others, with stronger minds at
tbe helm, have met the situation an 1
coiKii.ered it. How? Hy providing means
of Indoor entertainment that make club
lif" enjoyable and attractive. Propor
tionate size duly considered, New York.
Philadelphia and Chicago have ten times
as many bicycle club? as has San Fran
cisco, and they are all flourishing. A
U rge membership of desirable young m.-n
who patronize and support the institution,
is ali that Is needed to make a clubs cri
dition "nourishing" and its treasury
plethoric.
1 think the trouble with the S () n Fran
cisco clubs has been that In many of
their forms of entertainment they were
not satisfied unless they made money out
of tfct-OL The club treasury required this.
but that wns not getting at the root of
the evil. With more members the treas
uiy would be fat and it would not b*>
necessary to make every entertainment
self-supporting, to charge an entrance fee
tor every littlo billiard or card tourna
ment, or a "hat-check" at the dance.
Among the social doings ot Eastern
clubs, we read of "the annual ball of
the Harlem Wheelmen. The decorations
will be especially tasteful, while th^ best
of music is promised for the dancers. Ad
mission Is by invitation only, procurable
from the members and limited to one card
to each member."
Again: "A new idet) has been evolved
l>y sntne of the bright members of th<
Koyal Arcanum Wheelmen's Club, and it
takes the shape of a free dancing cluss,
which will practice at the club house.
• very Thursday evening from now until
the first of April. An athletic smoker is
on the tapis for January 22." This or
ganisation numbers over 4SO members of
both sexes.
From New York city we learn that "In
about ten days the big bowling tourna
ment of the Associated Cycling Clubs will
begin and will continue up to the first
week In March." Now fancy the C. A.
C C. giving a bowling tournument. The
first question somebody would ask would
be- "How much entry fee can we charge,
and how much can we make on the pro
gramme?" . , .
Such features as whist, euchre, crib
bnge and hearts tournament, over which
we make such a hullabaloo, are inter
spersed between these big events like rel
ishes at dinner. Inter-club games of
billiards pool, bowling, indoor baseball
jmd srmtnoboard help to make up the odd
time until a clubman has to have a date
book to keep track of his engagements,
and not to belong to at least one of the
local bicycle clubs is to be completely
"out of It" socially.
In Denver the Wheel Club has begun a
systematic saving of pennies in prepara
tion for a trip to Paris In 1900. Ninety
members of th!s club attended the Na
tional L. A. W. meet at Asbury Park
two years ago, and the same crowd will
| go to Indianapolis this year. Great inter
est Is attached by the. members to these
pilgrimageß.
In the New England State* much en
thu«la«m is manifested over certain
coasting contests, managed by the Asso
ciated Clubs. A man may not be a racer,
but any wheelman can be a coaster, and
for a prize hung up by the association or
by some prominent dealer these riders
assemble in hundreds to outcoast each
other on some gradual decline, one of the
n-H<nt exhilarating sports imaginable and
far more entrancing taan tobogganing or
"chutelng." Will the dealers offer th*
prizes? Ask any lucal tradesman in
cycling goods what he would pay for the
advertisement that his wheel had out
coasted every other in a contest of that
nature.
The- deductions to be drawn are these:
Experience has shown that a club that
caters to bicycling solely is not the moat
successful. True, all its members should
be wheelmen, but by nTaking the club at
tractive to their social life you build up
the bicycle interest. And the flrßt club
that fulls in line with the Eastern custom
and tries to s« c, not how few entertain
ments with which it can get along
through the winter, but how many It can
CTOWa tnto the closed riding season, will
)>•• the 1 leader in all bicycling affairs, both
racing and social.
Take the situation in this city to-day.
I There is net a single local club that I
! knftw of. and this paper is usually the
I first to record these tilings, that has any
form of social entertainment in prospect.
Not even a card tournament or "smoker."
Dances? "Wa can't make any money out
of dam-ing parties," !s what the president
will t«'!l you. And the new member, if he
unwarily becomes enrolled. Is left to
wonder what he joined for and to inquire,
like the unsophisticated League of Amerl-
Arthur Bennett's English Setter Lock, a Winner of Eastern Field
Trials.
can Wheelman applicant. ""What do I get
for my dollar?" 11. W. SPALDING.
THE FIELD TRIALS"
OPEN ON MONDAY.
Interest In the Pacific Coast field trials
which will be held at Bakersneld com
mencing on Monday la now intense, ow
ing to the short space of time that inter
venes before the first cast-off la made.
The setters will outnumber the point
ers greatly this year, and doubtless they
win carry "ff the heavy-weight prizes
and honors that are attached to a win.
The owners of the comparatively few
pointers that will he> entered are san
guine, however, that a surprise Is in store
for some of the setter fanciers, but time
will tell the tnle. It is to be hoped that
the pointer, although not as popular a
dog nowadays as the setter among Pacific
Coast f.u.iii is. will prove beyond cavil
that he Is still entitled to recognition
among the best of families.
It is said that the grounds, although
somewhat dry, are In tolerably good con
dition and that birds are fairly plentiful.
Doubtless they will be rather wild, owing
to the long spell of dry weather; runner*
may be fuund numerous. A number of
sportsmen from this city. Oakland and
Sacranu-nto will leave to-morrow for
BakersfUld. Mr. Dormer's place as judge
will be Sited by some gentleman at ■
meeting which will r>e held at Bakersfield.
Manager D. R. McNeill of Central Park
has arranged a three days' baseball car
nival in which the leading teams of the
city will meet.
To-day the Will & Fincks will be pitted
against the Bushnell Alerts. On Sunday
the California Markets will line up
against the Bushnell Alerts, and on Mon
day the Will ft Fincks will play the Cali
fornia Market*
It will be seen by the following line
ups that several new men have been
added to the old lists, and the public may
expect good, (ast ball playing.
The line-up in to-day's game is as fol
lows:
AlertP. Position. Will & Fincks.
Hammond C Scott
Bfaoa P Fttzpatrick
Wnrde 1 B Mertes
Werner 2B Knell
Kmokhoff 3 B Johnson
Si-hmeer S S Smith
Kagan L, F Muller
Van Tlnltren C P Hildebrandt
Hrirdie R F Rites
Mosklman Extrn Tillson
The line-up In to-morrow's game will
be:
Alorts. Position. Cal. Markets.
Hammond C Stroeckor
Moskiman P Iberg
Wsirde 1 B Murphy
Webber 2 B K. Krug
Brockhoff 3 B Monahan
Pchmt-er S S H. Krug
Eagun I- F Hearty
Van Haltren C F PjnM
Hardle R F Bodie
Shea Extra
On Monday the line will be:
Will & Fincks. Positions. Cal. M'k'ts.
gg c ott Catcher Stroecker
Knell Pitcher H. Krup
Mertes First base Murphy
Johnson Second base K. Krug
Tillson Third base Monahan
Smith Short stop Lochhead
Muller Left field Hearty
Hildebrandt . . . .Center field Pyne
Bliss Right field Bodie
Fitzpatrick Substitute Iberg
At the Recreation grounds to-morrow
the Olympic Club Wheelmen will meet
the San Francisco Road Club. As the
game is under the auspices of the Cycle
League, followers of the sport are ex
pected to attend in large numbers. The
game will be called promptly at 2.
WILL HOLD A
DOUBLES
TOURNAMENT.
Tennis 1b the proper thing among our
local society people at present. Every
day the California courts are occupied by
young lady members who devote hours to
the game. During the past week many
matches were played and were witnessed
by many visitors. Following are some of
the games played and their scores:
Robert "Whitney and* George Bradshaw,
the invlncibles, defeated Joe Dallf and
Walter Magee. Score, 6—2. 5—7, B—6.
George Whitney and William O'Connor
defeated Sheffield S. Sanborn and Walter
Magee by a score of 6—3,6 — 3, 5—7,5 — 7, 6—4.6 — 4.
Woerner Stauf is still the heavy-weight
champion of the club. He strengthened
his claim to that honor by defeating Will
lam O'Connor by a score of 7—5.7 — 5.
Joe Dally, the accommodating "keeper
of the courts, has not as yet reached his
true form, having been out of practice for
quite awhile. Within a short time, how
ever. Joe will be himself again, and he is
expected to give the leading players a
hard rub.
In a single-handed game Bob Whitney
defeated his brother George. Both play
ers put up a game that drew the applause
of the onlookers. Bob was in ifreat form
and took the first set. George turned the
tables on him in the next. The deciding
set was full of long rallies and brilliant
playing. Bob winning by a score of fi— 4.
Dr. Root and Ralpli Bliven defeated Joe
Daily and James Bishop. Score, 7—5.
While East Walter Magee made a study
of the style of game piayed indoors. In
his matches this wec-k he has tried to put
into execution some of his observations,
but with little success.
George Whitney and S. Sanborn defeat-
Ed William O'Connor and Walter Magee.
Score, 6 — L
Although Joe Daily lowered Sherwood
Adams' olnrs during the week, it is no
sign that the latter player is not up to
form. On the contrary he la putting up
;in unusually slashing game, and Percy
Murdoch of the Belle Vue Club of Ala
meda will get the. benefit of it when they
meet on Saturday. This match is ex
pected to be the crowning one of the
week.
On the same day George Whitney and
J. Davis will try to down the invlnci
bles. Robert Whitney and George Brad
shaw.
On Sunday and Monday a doubles han
dicap tournament ■will be held for prizes.
This is expected to eclipse the tourna
ment held on New Year's day, judging
from the great interest shown."
The young ladles have been receiving the
benefit of Joe Daily's experience during
the week and are showing improvement.
Miss Laura Denson and Miss Alice
Ponrman succumbed to the cleverness of
Miss Manning and Miss Bessie Bowman
Score. 6—3.
Miss Clark has been playing In great
form during the week.
On Jubilee day during the progress of
the tournament the ciub election will be
beld The indications are that there will
be an opposition ticket in the field.
A beautiful silver challenge cup has
been offered by the club which is to be
won three times before becoming the
property of the victor.
Thirteen young ladies and six gentle
man have offered their names for mem
bership since January 1. The club now
has over lift members and is increasing.
Miss Bessie Bowman and Miss Hunter
defated Miss Denson and Miss Poorman
by a score of 6—o,6 — 0, 6—l,6 — 1, 9—7.
COURSING MEN IN COURT
Judge Seawell Listens to Testi-
mony and Taßes trje Matter
Under Advisement.
After hearing the evidence of the dis
satisfied members of the "Interstate
Coursing Club of California," Judge Sea
well took the case under advisement.
The testimony disclosed that some
of the members, among them Dominick
Shannon. M. J. Donovan and J. F. Grace,
li«>ci>minsr dissatisfied with the way things
were bring run. seceded from the club,
and decided to incorporate under the
name of the old organization.
As soon as the news of this move be
came known to other members they ap
plied for a writ of Injunction restraining
them from using the original name.
In the meantime, the members opposed
to tne > Ingleslrie management leased
grounds across the county line for tivo
years with the intention of running in
opposition to the Inpleside Park, which
was controlled by Donovan.
NEW TO-DAY.
y^v , does not think It possible, bat
fl BtHld medical statistics have proven
\F 1M Vs v so positively. It *» become
a recognized fact that one
In every 4 persons
has a weak or diseased heart Not a day
passes but the newspapers record the sudden
death of prominent men and women from
heart disease. This can easily be avoided If
the earlier symptoms are fully realised and
given attention. But it is never too late; the
_. .|i| '■--• most dangerous esses
Iff MllP^ even ncTe yielded to j
1/1 • ITIIIC3 treatment when giVen
Book on sjj ■V.:'/>--
iss.%* Heart Cure.
Address,
DR. MILES MtpiCAL CO., JLlkhaLt, lnd. |
RUSSIAN RIVER
IS NOW
FULL OF FISH.
The president of the North Padflo
Railroad received the following dispatch
from the agent of the company at Dun
cans Mills yesterday: "Bar at mouth of
river is now open and lot« of fish run
ning up." •
It was reported last Saturday that the
bar would positively be opened on Sunday
morning, but the barrier remained intact,
and, as a consequence, there has not been
any fishing worthy of mention during the
past week.
Messrs. Vogelsang and Babeock, the
Fish Commissioners, left this city for
Russian River station last Saturday, ex
pecting that the bar would be opened on
Saturday night. They were accompanied
by Air. Mansfield, the champion fiy
caster, and John Siebe. the champion
cottontail rabbit exterminator of tho
Tamaipais Sportsmen's Club. The an
glers had very poor luclc. Mansfield being
the only representative of the pleasure
family who landed a fish. He stated that
It was the first fish he had ever taken
on a spoon, but allowed that it was a
game fighter and had afforded him royal
sport.
The deputy who was dispatched from
this city by Chief Babcock to investigate
the reported killing of Bteelheads by tha
net fishermen of Tomales Bay remained
only one day at Point Reyes, during
which time he overlooked examining any
of the nets, but was satisfied that every
thing was "O X," judging from a short
conversation he had with one of the fisa
ermen near Inverness, which is a pleasure
resort near the bay. The deputy. It is
said, hud schemed to pounce down upon
the lawbreakers on the following; uuv.
when they least expected a visit from
him, but a notice from headquarters that
his presence was required at Russian
River station on Sunday upset his calcu
lations.
Instead of looking out for the trans
gressors of the law in Tomales Bay. the
deputy spent Sunday rowing- the friends
of the chief of patrol up and down the
deep pools of Russian River. But it hap
pened that while the deputy was obeying
the mandates of his superior, the fisher
men of Tomales Bay were seining steel
heads under the noses of some of the
anglers who had visited Point Reyes on
Saturday last.
Some of the fish taken in the net were
not more than twelve inches in length,
but the law says such an offense con
stitutes a misdemeanor, as a twelve-inch
trout can readily escape through a net
the meshes of which are seven and one
half inches in length, when drawn closely
together.
The Tomales Bay fishermen use nets of
very small dimension, and this fact is
well known at the office of the Fish Com
missioner
However, anglers need not expect to
enjoy any kind of sport next year In
Paper-mill Creek. But the Commissioners
say that they will stock it extensively
this year. Anglers will rejoice when they
will learn of the stream being stocked
for a fact.
Several thousand fry of the Loch Leven
trout found their way Into the Country
Club's waters this year. The anglers of
the club should certainly enjoy grand
sport when the fish will have reached a
size fit for a place in a creel.
Some months ago it was stated in these
columns that Professor David Starr Jor
dan of the Stanford University, who is
the acknowledged American authority on
fresh and salt water fishes, had said that
from the limited knowledge he possessed
in every particular of the steelheads ofthe
Pacific Coast he could not say whether
they were of the salmon or of the trout
family.
He believed, however, that they were a
trout of the anadromous variety, but
until he engaged in a more extensive re
search and had given the steelhead the
attention it must have for scientific clas
sification he refused to say which it was.
viz.: a salmon or a trout.
Professor Gilbert visited several of the
coast streams this season, and doubtless
he will lecture before the fly-casting
club at some near future date <>n the
mysterious steelhead. It is presumed that
the name "steelhead" will cling to the
fish whether it be a salmon or a trout
and that its game qualities will not suffer
in the least by a proper classification.
As matters stand at present, there is
nothing in the law to prevent an angler
from catching steelheads in fresh water
an.l above tide water with rod and line.
Professor Jordan or some ichthy
ologist — a standard authority as it
were, on matters piscatorial — must
classify the steelhead before an angler
can be punished for having killed one or
many of them above tide water, or, in
fact, any kind of water, with rod and
lino.
Quite a number of so-called hookbills
have put in an appearance in the pools
at the mouth of Paper-mill Creek. Last
Sunday "Andy" caught four. Tom Mar
shall two and Battu mic. George Walker
and AY. Kennedy Inmled two beautiful
steelheads. Latest accounts from the
point are that quite a number of fish are
being caught at "the White House" and
"Sandspit."
JUDGE WALLACE OBDURATE.
He Would Not Send Convicted
Boys to a Reforn) School.
Judge Wallace yesterday sentenced
George alias "Boots" Rowe and Charles
Kelly to seven and ten years' Imprison
ment respectively.
The prisoners pleaded guilty to assault
ing and robbing old Isidore Goulet, and
tried to mitigate their sentence by turn
ing State's evidence against "Bert" Gray,
who they allege was the man who put
up the job.
Gray was arrested, but after a short
trial the jury acquitted him. As both
prisoners were under the age of 21, an
effort was made to have them sent to a
reform school. Judge Wallace, however,
was obdurate, and said that a life in
prison would teach them the error of
their ways.
Gray Is now in jail awaiting trial for
a murderous attack on Goulet.
NEW TO-DAY.
I CURE FITS
When I say I cure I do not mean merely to
siop them for a time and then have them re-
turn again. I mean a radical cure. I have made
the disease of FITS, EPILEPSY or FALLING
SICKNESS a life-long study. I warrant my
remedy to cure the worst cases. Because
others have failed is no reason for not now
receiving a cure. Send at once for a treatise
and a Free Bottle of my infallible remedy.
Give Express and Post Office address.
Prof. W.H. PtEKE, F.O-,
4 Cedar St.. New York.
|l|jJ-feJBBr LNJECTION. |
I. A PERMANENT CURE I
, i of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea i
t* and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 *,
111 1 days ;no other treatment required. 5
j i Sold by all druggists. .5
Mil'lil'JHHll. 1
HAVE YOU Sore Throat. Pimples, Copper- B
Colored Spots, Aches. Old Sores. Ulcers ■
in Mouth, Hair-FalUnir Write COOK REM- ■
EDYCO.. 213 MASONIC TKMPLE, CHI- ■
C'ACiO, ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital m
ISUO.OOO. Worst cases cured in 14 to 35 days. ■
100-pa«e book free. ■
opium
Th* pur* esstntlnl extract from the native drug. Con* .
tains all the vnluable medicinal properties of O;>l:in»
without ft* noxious elements. No sickness ct Ktom,ioh|
no vomit. ng mo co»:'.voikb3 ,no headacJie. AU Drun.uta.'
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver higher.
Wheat firmer. Barley stronger.
Oats steady and Rye firm.
Yellow Corn advanced.
Another rise In Hay.
Pink Beans doing better again.
Coal scared and firm.
No change In Rice.
Fifteen failures last week.
Heavy trade in Provisions.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Hogi and H<>g products tending upward.
I derr.anf for Prunes.
Apple* and Oranges In good supply.
Mfxk-an Limes all cleaned up.
Butter steadier. Eggs declining. Cheese
weak.
Onions rather lower. Potatoes unchanged.
Poultry lower and depressed.
Game about the same.
THE WEEKS FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 15
failures in the Pacific Coast States and Terri
tories for the week ending yesterday, as com
pared with 23 for the previous week and 25
for the corresponding week of 1888. The fail
ure? for the past week are divided among the
trades as follows: 3 grocers. 1 varieltes, 1
California wines, 2 restaurants. 1 hotel, 1
dairy, 1 manufacturer of glue. 2 cigars, 1 dry
goods, 1 general store, 1 fruits, etc.
NATIONAL EXPORTS.
The following figures, taken from the bul
letin issued by the Bureau of Statistics of the
Treasury Department, show the value of the
exports of merchandise fronj the United States
for the twelve months ended December 31, 18P7,
to be $1,089,129,619. Total for 1896, $e81,R7i>.656.
The value of the imports wns 1742.630.W5, show-
Ing an excess of export* for the twelve months
Of $856,498,664.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow file* witn the wind. The top fig
ures at siatlon Indicate maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath It, If any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted enow in lnche*
and hundredths during the past twelve hour*.
Isobars, or Bolid Knee, connect points of equal
air pressure: isotherms, or dotted line*, equal
temperature. The word "high" means hlgrh
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy wetither ami rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high In the Interior and low
alor.fr the coast, and the isobare extend north
Riri nouth along the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low" is Inclosed with Isobars of
narked curviture. rain south of Oregon is im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Iflttho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia roast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather in winter. The
re-erne of these conditions will produce an
opposite rewult.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. «♦ 5 p. m.
The following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
laEt season:
Past This Last
Stations. 14 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka . 0 17.88 23.04
Eel Bluff 0 6.90 12.09
Sacramento 0 8.2S 7.19
Pan Francisco 0 6.12 11.14
Fresno 0 2.29 4.90
Pan Luis Oblspo 0 2.52 9.75
L<-s Angeles 0 8.75 8.44
Pan Di-go 0 3.14 6.93
ynma 0 1.06 4.76
Fan Francisco temperature: Maximum, ,65:
minimum, 44; mean, 50.
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
An area of high pressure continues over the
Rocky Mountain region and westward. A low
area Is central to-night over Northern Wash
ington and Vancouver Island. 11l the past
twenty-four hours the pressure has fallen
nearly four-tenths of an inch over Northern
■Washington, j Over Southern California and
Arizona there has been a rise of about two
tenths of an inch.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary over the country west of the Rocky
Mountains. Throughout California the tem
peratures are about normal.
Rain has fallen In small amounts over th»
northern half of the Pacific Slope. Snow Is
falling: In Utah and Southern Idaho.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Tatoosh. 62 miles per hour from
the west; Fort Canby, 64 southeast; Yuma, 24
north.
Forecasts made at San -Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, Jan. 22. ISSS: ■ .
Northern California— Cloudy in northern por
tion and I ably light showers Saturday;
fair in southern portion; southerly winds.
Southern California — Fair Saturday, with In
creasing cloudiness; westerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Saturday.
Utah — Snow early Saturday morning; cloudy
Saturday.
• Arizona — Fair Saturday; continued cold
weather.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Saturday,
with unssttlod conditions Saturday night;
southerly- winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals, taken
at 5 p. m.— Clear; wind west, Similes per hour;
temperature, 46; maximum. 52.
ALEXANDER" MoADiE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 21.— Substantial fractional
losses were the rule on the Stock Exchange
to-day. Sugar and Metropolitan Street Rail
way were notable exceptions, showing gains
of H and 2 points respectively. Sugar strength
was attributable to Washington advices that
Hawaiian annexation was Improbable, and
Metropolitan Street Railway advanced on talk
of further extension. A disturbing element in
speculation was the grave appearance of the
Chinese situation, with Japan mobilizing her
forces and France reinforcing her Pacific fleet.
Another . matter that attracted considerable
attention was the announcement from Wash
ington that a vote would be taken next Thurs
day on the Teller resolution. Commission
houses seemed the principal sellers during the
.'.ay, and there were large realizations In
Northern Pacific preferred, which receded 1
point. .
The bond market was quite active, with a
marked demand for the transcontinental Issues
apparent. The aggregate sales were ♦4,048,000.
Government bonds continued to sag, the new
4? leading. 1 • ■ ■ - •;,
Total sales of stocks to-day were 292.500
shares, including: Burlington. 11,066; Louis
ville, and Nashville, 32:,0; Manhattan, 21.4 M;
Metropolitan. 9220; New Jersey Central, 6420-
New York Central, 6290; North American, 3S10;
Northern Pacific. 25,800; Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 12.1P0; Ontario and Western, 9850: Rook
Island. 4225; St. Paul, 11.820; Union Pacific. 12
450: Wheeling- and Lake Erie, 3975; Tobacco
3990; Chicago Great Western, 4000; _ People's
Gas, 8700; Consolidated Gas, 6912; Sugar, 37,715.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 21.— The Evening rost's
London financial cablegram says: The condi
tion of affairs In China and Cuba, the London
Timf-s' leaders thereon and the test vote on
■Uvcr <n th» T'nlted States Senate dampened
the Ftock markets here to-day. The close, how
ever, war? Kbove the lowest. Americans were
dull and generally lower for the day. Ontartos
had an exceptionally sharp rise on the revival
of the rumor that Chauncey M. Depew would
go en the Board of Directors. Out of the way
companies having any coirs«ctlon with the
Klondike were inquired for. On bull commit
ments Grand Trunk and Canadian Pacific were
vower. CoDoer shares wer« extraordinarily
strong, Rio Tlntos being the highest on record
on the 1 axis Bourse.
Published details of the new Indian currency
scheme show that the rates at which the
council Is willing to sell telegraphic transfers
against gold deposited here axe so high that ,
practically the scheme will only be used by '
Eabtern bankers as a lat>t resort.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 12Vi St P & Om 74%
Do pref 29»» Do oref .'. 148
Bait & Ohio 12% St P M & M 121% !
Canada Pacific .. 8914 So Pacific £0
Canada South .... S3 So Railway ..... Hi
Cent Pac , 13% Do pref 30%
Ches & Ohio .... 21% Tex & Pac 11% I
Chi & Alton .... I-;:.'- Union Pac 31 * '
C B & Q 9«:« I!PD4 G <•*_ I
Chi B 111 57 Wabaeh 7
C C C 4 St L.... 33% Do pref 18
Do pref SO Wheel &L E 3
Del & Hud 110% Do pref 18%
Del L & W 161 Express Companies)—
Den & R G 11% ■ Adams Ex 158
Do pref 47% 1 American Ex ... 118%
Erle( new) 14% United States ... 41
Do Ist oref .... 1714 : Wells Fargo 112
Ft Wayne 163 j Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor pref .... 130 I A Cot Oil 20%
Hocking Val .... 6% Do pref 74%
Illinois Cent 106 Arm Spirits 7%
Lake Erie & \\\. 16 Do pref 18
Do j>ref 71V* Araer Tobacco ... 86
Lake Shore 179 Da pref 114
Louis & N'ash .. 55% people's Gas 95%
Manhattan L 117>i Cons Gas US
Met St Ky 141% Com Cab Co 175
Mich Cent 104% Col F & 1r0n.... 23% i
Minn & St L.... 24% Do pref 70
Do Ist pret .... 84 Gen Elec 36
Mo Pacific 33% ( Illinois Steel .... 49
• Mob & Ohio .... 80 Lticlede Gas 46% ;
I Mo X & T 12% Lead Ss<*
Do pref 35 j Do pref 106% 1
! Chi Ind & L 8% Nat Lin Oil 18
Do pref 81% Or Imp Co ' 29H
; N J Cent 92% Pacific Mail 81%
N V Cent 112% Pullman Pal .... 178
N T Chi t St L.. 13% Silver Cert MV
Do Ist pref .... 65 Stan R& T 8%
Do 2d pref 86% Sugar 137
Nor West 14 Do pref 112% i
No Amer Co .... 4% TC & Iron 24J_,
No Pacific 2«ii,U S Leather .... 6%
Do pref 63% j Do pref 63%
Ontario & W .... 16S. U S Rubber 15%
Or R & Nay .... 49U Do pref 63%
Or Short Line .. 24 West Union «>%
Pittsburg 165% C & N W 121%
Reading 2H. i Do pref 1644
Do Ist pref .... 49% St L & S W 3%
Roefc Island K% ' Do pref 9
St L & S F 7' ROW 22
Do Ist pref .... sfi J Do pref 58
Do 2d pref .... 25% : Chi G W 14% !
St Paul 944 i Haw Com Co . . 31
Do pref 143% t
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 127% N J C 5s 112
Do coup 128% N Carolina 6s .. 125
U 6 4s 112% Do 4s 102
Do coup 114% No Pac lsts 117
Do 2ds 100 Do 3s 62%
U S 6s reg 113% Do 4s «*4
Do ts coup .... 114% N V C & S L 4s. 106% '
Dlst 3 65s 11l Nor & W 6s 124% :
Ala class A I'iS Northwstm cons. 145
Do B 108 Do deb 5s 117
Do C 100 O Nay lsts 114% |
Do Currency ... 100 O Nay 4s 95% I
Atchison 4s 91% O S Line 6s tr.. 125%
Do adj 4s -69 OS Line 6s tf.... MM
1 Can So 2ds 10R O Imp lsts tr .. 107
Chicago Term ... 85% . Do 6s tr 60% ;
C & Ohio 5s .... 114% Pacific 6s of 95... 103%
I C H & D 4%5.... 104% Reading 4s 83% j
I D & R G lets .... 103% ROW lsts .... 83% :
1 D & R (1 4b 91% S L A I M C B«.. 89%
East Term Ist* .. 106Ji S L A 8 F G 6a.. 116% '
! Erie Gen 4s .... 70% St P Con 135%
F W D lsts tr. 73% P C & P 15.... 119%
: Gen Elec 6e 100% Do *" 116%
GH&S A6s 1"7 S Carol. na non-f. %
Do 2ds 102 So Ry 5s 92%
H & T C 5s 110 Stan R & T 65.. 67
Do con 8h 105 Term new set 3s. 87
lowa C lßts 100 Tft P L <"} lsts.. 100%
IK P Con tr 95% Do Rg 2ds 31%
X P Ist D tr.... 117 Union Pac lsts.. 121
La new cons 45... 112 UPD ft G lsts.. 57% '
1L & N Unl 4s .. N Wab Ist 5s ICNH '
; Missouri 6s 100 Do 2ds 81%
M X & T 2d5.... 64% W Shore 4s 109H
Do 4s SS Va Centuries 70
jN V Cent lsts .... 116% IDo deferred .... 3
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 90 < Ontario _... 50
Crown Point .... 20 Ophir M
Con Cal & Va.... 100 Plymouth OS i
Deadwood 90 Quicksilver 1 00
I Gould 4 Curry .. 3<> Do pref 900
Hale & Norcrs .. 1 15 Sierra Nev 55
Homestake 37 00 j Standard 140
Iron Silver 3". Union Con 30
M«.ocan 20 (Yellow Jacket .... 28
BOSTON.
• BOSTON. Jan. 21.— Atchison. 12*: Bell Tele-
I phene. 269; Burlington. 9S7J: Mexican Central,
6%; Oregon Short Lin*. 24; San Diego, — .
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Jan. 21.— Receipts,
22,868 barrels: exports, 28,331. Quiet but steady
and held higher; winter straits, |4 45@4 50;
Minnesota patents. $5 10@5 30.
WHEAT— 43,474 bushels; experts,
49.487; spot, steady; No. J red. $1 02%. Op
tions opened higher on bullish Liverpool and
Argentine news, advanced sharply on cover
ing and foreign buying, but finally collapsed
under liberal Argentine shipments, and realiz
ing, closed ViglVic net higher, the Utter on
January, which was Influenced by scant spot
supplies. No. 2 red January, $1 ©4<*<ai '.''-■
closed $1 04H; May. «3%@B4«Sic closed 9J%c.
HOPS — Strong. State, common to choice.
1596 crop. 4@6c; 1896 crop, B«T9c: W7 crop. 17<3
19c: Pacific Coast. 1895 crop, 4@6c; 1&36 crop,
8®10c; 1897 crop. 16*3 19 c.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
PlGlßON— Warrants very quiet at X 60(3
6 75; Lake copper unchanged, $10 85U11.
TlN— Steady. $13 ?5@13 90.
SPELTER— Uncharged, « 87%ff4.
LEAD— at $3 60^3 ■; broker**. $3 60.
COFFEE Options closed quiet at net un
changed to 6 points decline. Pales, 12,600 bugs,
Including March, $5 7005 75. Spot coffee— Rio.
steady; No. 7 invoice. Wdfi%c; No. 7 Jobbing,
6K<B6T*c; Mild, dull: Cordova. S<*@l6c.
SUGAR— Raw. steady: fair refining, 3 9-16 c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 4 l-16c; refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 3165 packages. Quiet.
Western creamery, 14@20c; Elgins, 20c; fac
tory. ll@lsc.
Receipts, 25P9 packages. Easy: State
and Pennsylvania, 20@25c: Western. 20®21c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11.— California Dried
Fruits: Apples strong, other fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. r/it7^c;
prime wire tray, B^c: wood-dried, prime, SHe;
choice. K*ic: fancy. 9<??(> l 4c.
APRICOTS-Royal, 5@7%c; Moorpark. 9ftlle.
PRUNES— 3O«c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 7®loc; peeled, 13f?20o.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 21.— 1n wlieat speculators
were treated to a mild sensation at the open
ing by the action of the Liverpool market TIM
quotation* from there were up l^d per cental
for futures. No. 1 Northern spring on the
spot had been rained Id per cental, and even
the London cargo market showed an advance
of from 3d to 6d per quarter.
May opened here with a Jump to 92% c, with
some sales at the same time at 82T4c. The clos
ing price yesterday was 9U4c. July started at
from fi%c to 84 Ye, compared with 83?»c yester
day afternoon.
Outside markets -were also very strong, espe
cially New York and Minneapolis, and this
had It* effect. The reason for the strength
of the Liverpool market was said to be on ac
count of the growing scarcity of offerings from
Argentina. A cablegram from Rosarlo said,
however, that the farmers' deliveries In that
country were retarded by rain and that plenty
would be forthcoming later; that the area in
wheat had been large, the yield heavy,
and that no reduction in the estimated export
able surplus was being made. But another
reason for Liverpool strength was continuation
of drought in India. Notwithstanding the ca
blegram from Ronarlo, Liverpool reaffirmed
earlier statements of scarcity of Argentine of
ferings.
There was plenty of selling both of July and
of May. many holders taking advantage of the
sharp opening advance to realize, but declines
of only about V»c resulted in each, and when
the realizing ceased prices went up again.
Primary' Western market receipts all told
V«re 308,000 bushels, agalnet 271.000 bushels the
year be/ore. Minneapolis stocks for the week
were expected to show 200,000 bushels increase
and Duluth WO.OOO bushels increase, and on
t basts and estimate of week's exports, 600,
>URhels decrease In the visible is looked
last year the decrease for the similar week
1,164,000 bushels.
Liverpool closing prices showed net gains
for the day of %d for March, Id for May and
%d for July. Paris noted 25 centimes decline
in January flour and 5 centimes advance In
March-June. Antwerp advised 12Vs centimes rise
in both r*4 winter and Walla Walla wheat.
The clearances from Atlantic and Gulf ports
in wheat and flour were equal to 63n,000 bu»h»ls.
The market here began to weaken after the
lasting of the weekly shipment from Argen
tina, >hlch rather confirmed the earlier Rosarlo
cable concerning the large surplus. The ship
ments were given at 318,000 bushels. Selling be
came quite free after that and it waa the
Impression that the Letter crowd liquidated
some of their July and May holdings. May
declined to Slfcc and was bringing 91Tic at the
close. July sold down to 84c and closed at
»■, A fairly good trade was done In corn, with
out any -material change In prices.- ■• - , ■
: Trade in oats showed a considerable Improve
ment and the market moat of the time was
quite nrm. - - ■ ■
■ Provisions were active with a good demand at
,the start, principally from packers. The mar
ket eased eft subsequently in ■ sympathy with
the decline in wheat. • - . '■*■-_.■..>-; ■. <
, The leading futures ranged as follows: *• • ;
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
'•* Wheat., ' No. 2— . * • •
January ;H\ . 94\, 93% 94
May 92% 92% 91% 91%
July — -84%- 84% 14. ;^Bi2
THE SA>T FBAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JA^TJART 22, 1898.
Corn, No. f—
January tf : t7H 17' XT
May .; 29% 29% 2.1% »»
July 30% 30% 30 80
Oats, No. 2—
May 23% 28 Ti 25% 23%
July ssvJ 22V, »£ M*
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January l» 85
May $9 72% 89 87% 19 7!% 9 77V4
Lard, per 100 It>«— . " .
January 4 72% . 4 72% 470 4 TO
May 4 82U, 488 480 4 £2%
July 4 »2% 4 92% 4 90 4 90
Short Ribs, per 100 !t>s—
January 4 70
May 4 82% 4 87% 4 80 4 82%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steadier: No. 2 spring Wheat. 87%«85c; No. 8
spring Wheat. S9%@9le; No. 2 red. 9S@B4e: No.
2 Corn, 27(527%c; No. 2 Oats. 23c; No. 3 white,
f. o. to.. 24>4@25c; No. 2 Rye. 45c; No. 2 Barley,
f. o. b.. 26%<639c; No. 1 Flaxseed, II 25%<J
125%: prime Timothy Seed. $2 70; Mess Pork,
per bbl. $3 65«i9 70: Lard, per 100 lbs, $4 70®
4 72%; Short Ribs Sides, loose. $4 574©4 87%;
Dry Salted Shoulders, boxed. 4%®5c; Short
Clear Sides, boxed. $4 80@5 10; Whisky, dis
tillers' finished goods, per gallon, fl 19.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 7.000 8,000
■Wheat, bushels 26.000 13.000
Corn. bushels 279.000 168.000
Oats, bushels 262.000 195.000
Rye. bushels .. 7,000
Barley, bushels 68,000 39,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was easy; creameries. U@lß4c; dairies. '
Ufi l~c. Cheese, quiet; S@S%c. " Eggs, weak; 1
fresh, 16c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shlpints.
Cities— Bush. Bush.
Minneapolis 216,920 17.710
Duluth .....~ 60.448
Milwaukee 11,01-0
Chicago 26,000 IS. OKI
Toledo 4.700 3.800
fit. Louis 12,000 21.000
Detroit
Kansas City 18.500 12,000
Totals .'...
■ Tidewater-
Boston „ 25,757 J4.7*« !
New York _ 43,475 49,487
Philadelphia  2.400 4,618 j
Baltimore _ 34,133 16.000 I
New Orleans „. 16,000
Totals »6,775 110.891
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— Jan. Mar.
Opening: 69 80 68 90
Closing 69 75 68 95
Flour- |
Opening 28 25 27 60 i
Closing 28 30 27 65 j
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
Mar. . May. July. Sept. :
Opening 7 6 72% 6 11% 66% 1
Closing 7^sVi 72H 7 684 '■
" EASTERN LIVESTOCK- MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 21.— CATTLE— To-day were '
strong and largely 10c higher. .Choice cattle !
were scarce and ! there • were no prime steers
offered. Sales of beef steers were at an ex
treme range of $3 78#6 50, the bulk ■ of the !
offerings going at $3 lf#< 90. ! Rtockers and i
feeders were- In fair demand.' Pales of can- )
ning cattle were at $252 75. and fat cows and i
heifers were active at $3 26<§4 25, while balls !
sold freely at $2 40-94. Calves were firm at 1
jet? 650 for choice. Texas steers sold at 13 250
4 25.
HOGS— were at $3 50fl-3 75 . for the poor- 1
est to the best, largely at $3 62%©3 70. Pigs.
$3 45453 60. r ■ ■• ■■ -•-.•*-
SHEEP AND LAMBS— fairly active
to-day at very little change Th prices. Heavy 1
sheep were the worst sellers. Lambs sold at 1
$4 2;.@5 65. chiefly at $5 and upward, with |
choice fed Westerns selling up to $5 6035 65.
Yearlings brought 14 40«r« and sheep sold at ■
*2 50@4 65. chiefly at $3 SO®* 35. Fed Westerns
brought $3 50@4 45.
Receipts— Cattle, 2500; hogs. 24,000; sheep,
6000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Jan. 21.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1700.
Market, steady; native beef steers. $3 70*34 85:
Western steers, $3 6004 40: Texas steers, $331
8 70; cows and heifers. 1303 90: eanners, Vi<S
2 80; Mockers and feeders. $3 501/3 65; calves,
UTii,: bulls, stags, etc.. $2 ■#■ 60.
HOGS— Receipts, 5700. Market Be higher;
heavy. S3 50@3 60; mixed. $3 50(ff3 55; light,
$3 60(ZT3 €5: bulk of sales. $3 60@3 55.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2300. Market a shade
lower; fair to choice natives. S3 70®4 40; fair to
choice Westerns. $3 60@4 20: common and stock
sheep. S3«f3 »0; lambs, {4 25@6 50.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. .Jan. -CATTLE— Receipts,
official, 4100. Good cattle scarce and strong:
general market steady: Western steers, $3 25®
4 40; Western cows. $2 50<g!S 70; native steers,
IS 50@5: bulk. $4 35f 4 80; native cows and heif
ers, $2 25<S'4 20; stockers and feeders,, IS 50{i
5; bulls. «2 EMI 75.
HOGS— Receipts, official. 14,800. Lights. 6®
5%c higher; heavies. 2%«T5c higher; market
active; hulk of sales. $3 r.nfj'3 60; heavies. S3 40®
3 65: packers. S3 45®3 «7%: mixed and lights.
S3 40??3 60; yorkers, $3 5503 60: pigs, $3 80<ft3 45.
SHEEP - Receipts. official. 700. Market
strong; lambs, $4 .was 50; muttons. $3 604*4 40.
DENVER.
DENVER. Jan. 21.— CATTLE— Receipts, 100.
Market firm; beef steers, $3 25«T4 10: cows, J2O
8 50; bulls, stags, etc.. Jl 7503: calves, $4^l
5 75: stockers and feeders. $.'. 4C4J4.
HOGS— Receipt*. 200. Market steady: de
mand good; light packers, *3 4003 50; heavy.
$3 85©3 45; mixed. $3 <S<ST3 50.
SHEEP— No receipts or shipments; no quo
tations.
LONDON WOOL BALEB.
LONDON. Jan. 21 - At the wool auction sales
to-day £649 bales were offered. Including very
fine Queensland and Port Phillips, greasy. The
attendance was full. A few lots of superfine .
New Zealand half-bred greasy clothing Bold '
quickly at 10@llHd. The American representa- j
tives bought nearly all the Queensland greasy '
combing marked "D. W. S. Terrlck" at SH@
lOd.
New South Wales and Queensland scoured In
good condition weYe spiritedly bid for. A good
selection of East London greasy sold 5 per
cent above the last sales. The German buyers •
were also active bidders. I their purchases to
date amounting to about 2500 bales. Following
are the sales In detail:
New South Wales. 700 bales; scoured. 9H.'.3
Is «Hd; greasy, K«M.
Queensland. 29<v> bales: scoured. Is 2*4d£f
Is Cttd: greasy, e^difls sd.
Victoria, 900 bales; scoured, 9V-d«Ms 4Hd:
greasy. 6H©llV4d.
South Australia. 400 bales; scoured, ll*4d@
Is Hd; greasy. 6V4@Sd.
New Zealand. 1600 bales; scoured, 6\i3ll»Ad;
greasy, 7»4011Hd.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal. 1800 bales;
scoured, 7Ho"?lls 5 ! « d; greasy, t 'cf7\d
Buenos Ayres. 400 bales; extra greasy. b&l\<\.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. There Is a firmer
feeling In . the local wheat market and prices
show a material advance. As high as 74c was
paid for Walla Walla, with Blue Stem and
Valley quoted at 76c and Tie
WASHINGTON.
' T a COMA. Wash.. Jan. 21.— Wheat— Strong
I nr-1 2" higher. A Big Bend grower received an '
offer of a cent above quotations, but there '
uc.e few traders. No. 1 Club, 74c; No. 1 Blue
Stem. 77c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
i PORTLAND, Or., Jan. Exchanges, $131,-
I 768; balances, 1 50,137.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Jan. Consols, 112 13-16; Silver.
! 2t\<i: French rentes. 102f 92c<fflG3f 2«*c.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 21.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
j rtandard California Wheat. 86d; cargoes oft
. coast, less offering, 3©6 d higher: cargoes on
] passage, buyers and sellers apart. 3©6 d higher;
i English country markets, firm; French country
: markets, quiet and steady; Wheat In Paris,
j quiet; Flour in Paris, dull.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 3-16 d.
DUN* 8 REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. Jan. 21.— Dun & Co.'s
• Weekly Review of Trade will say to-morrow:
With a volume of business remarkable for the
time of year, 88 per cent larger than a year
i ago land 10.4 per cent larger than In 1892 In
payments through the clearing-houses. It Is not
i discouraging that one or two Industries are
j logging. The demand for most goods Is more
• heavy for the season, manufacturing works
i are better employed and orders booked and In
prospect for the ' future are more encouraging
I than at this season In any other year of which
I equally definite records exist.
Exports of products continue surprisingly
heavy. In spite of some rise In. prices. Treas
ury receipts from customs were larger In
twenty days of January than In the entire
month of October or November, and appre
hension regarding the monetary future Is no
longer felt outside of speculative circles. Fail
ures are considerably smaller than were ever
known at this season, both banking and trad
ing less than half last year's. Railroad earn
ings In January thus far reported have been
10.6 per cent larger than last year and 10.4
per cent larger than In 1592.
The rise of wheat above a dollar In regular
sales was not accompanied by signs of specu
lative excitement. In fact, the continuance
of • extraordinary ' exports, 2,945,705 bushels,
flour Included, for the week ,• from Atlantic
ports, against 1,578.215 last year, and for three
weeks 9,022,493 bushels, against J.5G9.532 last
year, besides 4,086.940 • from • Pacific Coast ports
for three week*, would give an excuse for high
prices, even .If • the corn exports . were not
enough to suggest foreign . need, . amounting to
9,270.189 bushels, against 10, 774, 298 for three
L weeks. The fact that cargoes of corn were
shipped during the week to Egypt and Russia,
the very ' countries upon which : Europe most
relies for breadstufTs next- to the United
States, affected trade, not unreasonably.
Just ■ when the unprecedented - production of
plglron was • causing weakness ■an extraordi
nary demand for . finished products appears. ,
For this season jit least the general demand
Is beyond precedent, including 154,000 tons steel
rails for the week and 1.200,000. already this j
year, orders for plates so large : that Pitts- 1
burg works send away tons to other concerns, j
unable, to fill *v they receive, orders for bars !
■u»h that many concerns are obliged to refuse,
most excellent demand for sheets and fair for
structural forms. Nor does this demand spring
from efforts to combine makers of wire and
Us products ana makers of tin plates. Prices
I of all finished products are sustained by the
demand, though Bessemer pig is 3c lower nt
Pittsburg. but pig at Chicago Is strong, with
some procuring of finished (.forms delayed by
Its scarcity.
Fallurrß for the w»*k have been 374 In the
United states, against 409 last year, and 63 In
Canada, against 60 last y*ar.
FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Jan. 21.— Bradstreet's Financial
Review to-morrow will say: Irregular specu
lative conditions have prevailed during the
week. Realizing of profits and bear attacks
on prices have been seen, the latter being
based on the revival of the Cuban agitation In
the House* of Representatives at Washington
and of silver measures In the Senate.' On the
other hand, at declines there were evidences of
buying, and In one portion of the market a
normal decree of strength has been shown.
This group Included the stocks of the North
ern and Union Pacific and the companies
whose titles Include the name of Oregon. The
basis for their activity and strength was the
growing belief that the companies In question
will obtain an enormous amount of traffic In
the coming spring &nd from the transportation
I of the passengers 'and freight destined to the
Alaskan cold fields. The strength shown In
; this part of the market to some extent coun
j teracted the bearish demonstrations in other
' parts of the market. In the bond list, which
was very active, though not to such an extent
as last week, the features were also largely
furnished by this so-called "Klondike" group
lof companies. Another feature was the local
traction stocks, but Manhattan was subjected
to more or less realizing, and Metropolitan
Street Railway, which advanced to 143, suffered
a mid-week decline.
London Itself was not a factor In the mar
ket here, in fact the public there was Inclined
: to take an unfavorable view of the revival of
silver agitation In Congress. On the other
hand. Berlin and Amsterdam have been large
purchasers of Northern Pacific and Union Pa
cific securities. The Industrials, with the cx
i ception of Sugar, were neglected, and that
j stock was Irregular, and. generally speaking.
i weak, except when covering of the short Inter
1 est gave it temporary advances. The Vander
bllts were strong In spite of some speculative
realizing^ and grangers followed Instead of
leading the course of the general market.
Among the outside specialties the feature was
the rapid advance in Standard Oil liquidation
1 certificates, which touched 193, the highest
; price on record. _____
BRADSTREET'S REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Jan. 21— Bradstreefs to-mor
row will say: A large measure of activity
In business and industrial lines, with. In some
Instances, previous records surpassed, and very
generally Bteadlnesu In prices of staples, is per
haps the most notable feature of the trade
situation this week. Quotations of cereals show
the most aggressive strength, while those of
some makes of plglron betray rather a more
decided weakness than they did a week ago.
Mild weather Is frequently mentioned as an
influence tending to check retail distribution
of seasonable goods, chiefly because of the
effect on country roads. Spring trade opens
slowly, as usual at that time of the year, but
confidence is still unimpaired. As already In
timated, the Immense current production of
figiron. amounting to fully 1,000.000 tons per
month, has begun to exercise an Influence upon
the price at that staple, but decreases reported
are still only fractional. The outlook in the
steel rail trade is reported us a flattering 01m.
Large orders for railroad account already
booked have been increased within the we»-l-..
sn example of this being furnished by sales
of l. r .,00n rons reported from «'hicago at full
prices. Higher prices for wool abroad, baseil
partly on !>hort yield reports, are rerteot^-1 in
the flrmnf-ss of .lomestic quotations, although
the demand, while comparing well with most
preceding years, is smaller than it was «t this
time In lv^T. when the tariff changes were be
ing anticipated. The Industrial situation, with
the single exception of the cotton industry,
is one of exceptional strength.
Business In active on the Pacific roast. Cali
fornia crop prospects have l>een Improved by
the recent rains and ship and b<wit building
are very active along Puget Sound and at
Portland.
Quite a shrinkage in cereal exports Is In
dicated by reports to Bradstreet this week.
Total shipments of wheat, flour Included, from
the United States and Canada, amounted to
only 3.926.000 bushels, against 5,229.000 bushels
last week 2.916.n00 bushels this week a year
*«•>. 3.819.t)00 bushels in 1896 and 2.5H).000 bush
els In the third week of January, US.",.
A further falling off In the number of busi
ness failures la reported in the United Slat**
this week, the total being only 3C9. as against
323 last week, 429 In this week a year ago and
314 In this week of UN, 312 In 1895 and 338 in
ISM.
Failures In the Dirninlon of Canada shuw
a further falllrc off. amounting this week to
only 4<S. asrain«t ".« !a«t wp-k 57 In IS<«7 52 111
IN9« and 4-. in 1894. but slightly exceeding those
of 1895, which numl>ered 38.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK. Jan. 21.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at e'.ghty-one cities for the week ended
January 20. with the. percentage of Increase and ,
decrease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Per Ct. Per Ct. '
Inc. Dec. !
New York $ r77.674.F23 43.6
Boston 116,022.279 14. 6
Chicago P9.557.m 34.4 ....
Philadelphia 77.801,255 1«.5 ....
St. Louis 50.5C9.061 12.S
Pittsburg 18.255.404 13.2
Baltimore I?,SeS.SSI 24.6
San Francisco .... 15.855.433 19.4
Cincinnati 14.315.550 16.0 .... i
Kansas City 10.463.212 .... 8.4
New Orleans 13.759.53S 18.7 i
Minneapolis S.SSS.?"! 21 9 ....
Detroit 8.067.266 17.3 ....
Cleveland "... 7.7M.7M IT.
Louisville 6.565.643 2.0 ....
Providence 5,098,600 4 8
; Milwaukee 5 417 ISB 1.1 ....
St. Paul 3,971.963 36.0
Buffalo 4,355,0*7 4.9 ....
Omaha 5.470,191 $5.3 ....
Indianapolis 4.841. 10.0
I Columbus, 0 4.272.400 29.8 i
Savannah 3,140,165 23.9 V....
D— 2,f.«2.165 6.3 .... '
| Hartford 3,257,213 41.3 .... ,
Richmond 2.553.5R0 16.7 i
Memphis 3.765.341 86.6 .... j
"Washington 1.*70.4»6 .... 7.1
Peoria 1.#».4f1l IS.O ....
Rochester 1.655.73T 4.9
New Haven 1.563.3G7 .... ....
Worcester 1,598,830 17.0 ....
Atlanta 1.551.208 15.3
Salt Lake City .... 1.7W.6tn 82.1
Springfield. Mass . I.SM.TSS 15.6
Fort Worth 1, 712.630 .... 6.1
Portland, Me 1.424.244 16.6 ....
Portland, Or 1.627.371 41.3
St. Joseph 1.801.5.15 51.7
Los Angeles 1,646.171 65.1 ....
Norfolk 899.844 ' 8.6 ....
Syracuse 1.071.7*7 .... 7.8 i
lies Molnes 1.167,764 17.0
' Nashville 1,252.833 12.3
| Wilmington. Del .. 754,000 5.0 ....
I Fall River 977.961 10.2
Scranton 1,047,043 6.9 ....
Grand Rapids 1.059.452 19.4
Autnista, Ga 710,42* .... 6.4
Lowell 800,911 6.3 ....
Dayton. 0 77". 92"i 28.3 ....
Seattle 1,229,513 IRI.I ....
Tacoma 830.705 103.6 ....
Spokane 758.931 49.5
Sioux City 7.">n.'i < 7.4
New Bedford MMN .... 4.8
Knoxville. Term .. 462.540 5.7
Topeka 625.515 11.1
Birmingham 468.870 7.5 ....
Wichita 405.753 22.1
Blnghamton 376.200 4.8 ....
Lincoln : 345.% 13 50.0 .}..
| Lexington. Ky .... 612.427 66.7
Jacksonville, Fla . 205.844 . 21.4
Kalamaaoo 218,118 25.6 ....
Akron 284,700 ....
Bay City 215.668 5.3
Chattanooga 36.5.339 4.3 ....
Rock ford. 111 157,?54 14.0
Canton. O 201.500 34.8 ....
I Springfield, O 262.540 47.0
Fargo. N. D 171. 35.6
Sioux Falls. 8. D.. 103,930 129.5 ....
Hastings, Neb .... 83.170 10.6
Fremont. Neb .... 102.871 98.0 ....
Davenport 444.471 7.7
Toledo 1,942.297 50.1 ....
Galveston 6.:fi5,700 -6.2 ....
Houston 6.847.621 17.5
Youngstown 262.709 .... ....
Macon, Ga 65«,0O0 .... ....
Totals. U. ... $1.416. 781. 122 36.5 ~
Totals outside
New York.... 541.206.599 19.4
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $ 14.681, 38.5
Toronto 8.255.156 26.0
Winnipeg 1.434. 35.0
Halifax 1.072.195 .... 4.9
Hamilton 615.906 .... 8.7
St. John, N. 8..... 651,607 7.9
Totals I 26.640.424 29.5 7777
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND , BULLION.
Sterling Kxchar.Re. 60 days — $4 83H
Sterling Cables — 4 86
New York Exchange. ' slirht — 17S
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — » .
Fine Silver, per ounce — 6S T %
Mexican Dollars 47 47*
WHEAT AND - OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— There was another. Improvement In
futures a.nd the spot market was firm, with
an advance In milling grades.
Tidewater quotations are. as follows: SI JS&;
©1 40 for No. 1. $1 41 si for choice and $1 45@
%l 47% per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL, BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— : o'clock— May—
Ctls. Si »%: 6000. $1 39%: £000. $1 39^.
Second Seseion— May— 4ooo ctU. $1 39; 4000.
»1 61,000. SI 39%; 16,000. SI *»%.
Regular Morning- Session— May—62,ooo . ctla,
11 3%; 18,000, |1 13%; 139.000. $1 39V
Afternoon Bmmlon— M»jr— ctls, 11 OH i
52.000. $1 »H.
BARLET— The <l«m«nd for brewing for ship
ment Is m good that shippers are buying feed
and rradlng It over for the purpose. This has
resulted In better prioee for the latter descrip
tion*
Feed, MH©9THe for dark to good and $1O
10IV4 for choice; brewing, $1 lOffl lJ<4 for No.
1 and |1 W^Oi 05 per cU for dark Coast.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:lß o'clock— No mUm.
Second Session— May— ctls. »lHo; 10,000,
We; 4000, 81% c.
Regular Morning B«sslon— May— otll,
llvio: 18.000, 82c.
Afternoon Session— 8000 ctl«. MHo; 16.
000. *2c: 2000. 91 %c. . .
OATS — moderate demand continues and
prices are sustained without difficulty.
Fancy Feed. $1 20©l 35 per ctl: good to
choice. -$1153117*6: common. $1 10©l IT-4;
Surprise, »1 25©it 35: Red. »1 30®l 40; Gray.
M 11*43! 17H: Milling. II 07%01 12*4: Black,
for seed. II 8561 60. Clipped Oats sail at $10
I per ton over the raw product
CORN— la a further advance In small
round yellow, the other kinds remaining un
disturbed.
Small Round Tellow. $I©l 02*4 per ctl; Large
Yellow. »7*4c©sl; White. 96c051.
RTE— Strong at $1 05 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 50®l 75 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras.
$4 r-504 65: Bakers' extras. $4 30*?4 40 per bbl.
•MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per ion lbs: Rye Flour. $2 60 per 100:
Rice Flour. $5 75; Cornmeal. $2 25; extra cream
do. 13: Oatmeal. $3 50: Oat Groats. $4. Hom
iny. S3 10<83 30; Buckwheat Flour. $4: Cracked
Wheat. S3 60: Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (bblsl. $305 40: In
jacks, *4 So@6 20: Pearl Barley. $4; Split Peas.
$3 50; Green do, $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Another advance tn Hay Is quoted. Feed
stuff* are unchanged.
BRAN— 50020 50.
MIDDLINGS— j:i©24 50.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $21021 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2* 50?T29 80;
Jobbing. *30: Cocoanut Cake. $19#20; Cotton
seed Meal. $29030 per ton.
HAT— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat. 114<3>
16 50 per ton; Wheat and Oat. $14015 60: Oat,
$13fTH 50; Barley. $13015; compressed. $14016;
Alfalfa, $10 50®ll 60; stock, $10611 50; Clover,
s lift 12 per ton.
STRAW— 300450 per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Pink Beans have again advanced. The other '
kinds are as before.
BEANS — Bayos. $2 9033; Small Whites.
$1 2501 40; Large Whites. $1 20@l »5; Pinks,
$1 90®2: Reds. $1 60<f?l 70; Blackeye. $2 250
2 50; Butters, $1400150; Llmas, $1 65@1 75:
Pea. $1 25@1 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 per ctl: Yellow
Mustard, |*f}2 60: Flax. $1 90^2; Canary Seed.
2*4*?2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 3©« c; Rape, 2©2*ic;
H»rr>r>. 3c: Timothy. 6*ic.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 26; Green. $1 20©
1 40 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS. VEGETABLES.
Onions w*re rather •weaker again. There was
no other change of note.
POTATOES— Early Roue. «OW7Oc: River Reds.
45® 50c; River Burbanks, 500650 : Oregon Bur
hanks. 60090 c: Salinas Burbanks. 75c©$l:
Sweet Potatoes, 50c per ctl for Rivers and
*v»T75c for Merced: new Volunteer Potatoes,
2{?2Ue per lb.
ONIONS— ROfTt 65 per etl: cut Onions,
$1 . r .n<32 r, Pr sack.
VEGETABLES— Mushrooms, Jsc per Tb; Mar
rowfat Povash. $i:^ls per ton: Hubbard
Squash. n^"l2 per ton; Dried Peppers. 1010 c
per Th; Dried "itn, 15c; Cabhnps, B**l7sc per
ctl; Carrots. 25(?T«k % per sack; Garlic. 3@3%c per
lb: Asparagus. 10<??25c per lb.
Los Angeles Green Peas. 4#Se: String Beans,
— J Tomatoes. Roc*?sl: Green Peppers. 20c per
lb; Summer Squash. fii??10c: Egg Plant, — .
POT'T,TRY AND GAME.
Poultry dropped sharply yesterday, owing to
lanre receipts of local stock. Another ear of
Kastern Js announced for to-day.
Game ninn along about the same.
POULTRY—
Liv» Turkeys, ?ffloc for Gobblers and ?ifrTV
for Hens: dressed Turkeys. 11(9130 per lb:
Geese, per pair, Jl SStfrl 50; Ducks. »4*?.<: Hens,
J!W4: Roosters, young. $4i?4 50: do old. $3 50;
F*ver*. *4 2.".<?4 50: Broilers, $4®4 25 for large
and $31?3 60 for small: Pigeons, $1 SO'S'J per
dozen 'or young and $1 for old.
GAME— Ouail. per doz. $1; Mallard. $3: Can
v«»back. $304: Sorlg. $1 SO: Teal. »1: ■Widgeon.
*T!Ti 25: Small Ducks. 75c<aU: Gray Geese,
$2 £0: "UTiite. II: Brant. $1 2?'-Tl 50; Honkers.
14: Enrllsh Pnlne. J2: Jack Snipe, II: Hare.
II: Rabbits. $1 B#l GO for Cottontails and $1
for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter Is showing steadier symptoms, large
ly owing to the deficiency In grass, which Is
being reported from several sections. Cheese
continues weak. Eggs are , slowly declining
under Increasing receipts.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creameries. UI^TCJc: sec
onds. 2r. l fs?tc
Dairy— to fancy, 22@23c: lower grades.
2O«?21c per TV
Eastern Putter — Creamery, 22<2?23e: ladle
packed. 17%41>Hc per Th.
CHEESE— mild new, lie: common to
good. Ss?l ( >c: Cream Cheddar. 10«Tllc; Young
America, lKTMIo; Western. ll@12c; Eastern,
i:Vsl3i*o per ID.
EGGP— Banch Eggs, r<V??22c per doz: store
Eggs. 1"H«[?19c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The market continues bare of Mexican
Limes. Oranges are still ■ dull. Apples are
steady and good stock will bring the top
quotations.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Cranberries. $73S per bbl; Coos Bay. $1 60©
2 per box.
Apples. BOMB per box for common. sOc©Jl
for good to choice and $1 2510*1 40 for fancy:
Lady Apples. EOcigll for large boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS- Navel Oranges. »' Vt
I 25; Seedlings. B0c®$l: Mandarins. $131 50
for large and 65(5"5c for small boxes: Grape
Fruit. $2 lO#i per box: Lemons, 50c@$l for
common and $1 K0) for good to choice; Mcxi
i can Limes. — per box: California Limes, in
! small boxes. 60@75c: Bananas,: $1 255?2 25 per
bunch: Pineapples, $334 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS. ETC.
There is no further change to report. Prunes
nr n rr'-'r'nK off well.
DRIED FRUITS — Prunes, carload lots.
(%Of%e for 40-50 p c. Z^iQAViC for . 50-60's,
4y ; Uc for 80-70's, :',;r 4 i- for 70-RO's.
!\i®2%c for 80-90' s. lV^^e for 90-100' s;
Peaches. 3f?4Uc; fancy. 5<35'4c: peeled, 100
l2V»c, Apricots. s®6c for Royals and 7@Bc for
good to fancy Moorparks; evaporated Apples,
U4<f7c: sun-dried. 4@4Hc; black Figs, in sacks,
2©2Hc: Plums. 4%Q'4*ic for pitted and-lOHie
for unpttted; bleached Plums. 6@R>4c: Nec
tarines, 4©sc for prime to fancy: Pears. iy,Q
4V»c for quarters and 3®sV4c for halves, accord
ing to color, etc.
RAISINS— New Raisins. 2^<B>3e for two
crown. 4c for three-crown, 5c for four-crown.
s'4<- for Seedless Sultanas and $1 1001 15 for
London layers; dried Grapes. 2%c.
NUTS — Chestnuts are quotable at B®loc per
Ib; Walnuts. IQ&s for hardshell and 63 7 c
i for aoftshell: Almonds. 2Hfl2»4c for hardshell.
6©« c for softshell and "4?Sc for paper-shell;
Peanuts 4fTs>4c for Eastern and 4U for Cali
fornia: Pecans, 6H<P>Bc; Filberts. 8V4O10c; Bra
xll Nuts. B©9c per Ib; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 per
100.
HONEY— New Comb. BSlOc for bright and 5©
7" for lower grades: new water- white ex
tracted. 4%©5 c; light amber extracted. S%®4\ic
per lh.
BE ESWAX— 23iff2sc r»r r*>.
PROVISIONS.
The demand Is steadily Increasing and deal
ers now report trade better than ever before
known at this time of the year. An advance
In Pork products is looked for.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. B»Sc per Tt> for
heavy. 9c for light medium. 10c for light. 10% c
for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured: East
ern sugar-cured Hams; 10i4®llc: California
Hams, 9@9Hc: Mess Beef. $8 60 per bbl: extra
mess do, $9 50; family do. JlliiTU: salt Pork.
$808 EO; extra prime Pork. $9 50; extra clear.
$16; mess. $14 50: Smoked Beef. Ui4©l2«c per
It),
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at S^e per IT)
for compound and 6c for pure: palls, 7c: Cali
fornia tierces. 5c per Ib for compound and «<;
for pure: half-bbls. 6>4c; 10-rr, tins, 7c; do 5-Tb,
7U,r per it).
COTTOL^NK— Tierces. s%*r6Hc; packasr^s.
less than Son lbs— l-Th palls. W> In a case. S%c:
3-lT> paMs. 20 In a cu«e. «-%r- : 5-Tb palls. 12 in a
ease We: 10-n» palls, fi in « case. Stic: 50-Tb
tins, ore or two In a case. 7Nic: wooden buck
ets. to TN« net. 7Tlo: f»ncv tubs. 80 Ths net. "He;
half-bbls, about 110 lbs. 7Uc per It).
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL, AND HOPS.
Business continues quiet In all lines, with a
firm feeling In Hides.
HTDER AND SKINS— and brands sell
■it fee under sound stock. Heavy salted steers.
10@10Hc per lh: medium, 9c: lieht. 9c: Cow
hide*. 5©9% c: Stags. 6c;. salted Kip. 10c; Calf,
lie: dry Hides, Me; culls and brands. 13c: dry
Kip and Veal. U&V>c: dry Calf. IS«T2Oc: culls.
KfflTc: Goatskins, 2*t37%c each: Kids. 10c:
Peer»klns. Kf>od summer. K^3oc per lb: me
dium. Me: winter. Me; Sheepskins, shearlings.
IMMtc each: short wool. 4n©7i>c each; medium.
WffWc; lonic wools, 90c!P$l 30 oarh.
TAr,LOW-Nn I rendered. 3©SUr per Ib; No.
!. MTUe; refined. sc: Grease, ?*r!Hc.
WOOL— Fall clip— Middle counties— free. 1041
13c: do defective. IOJIHp: San Joaouln. defec
tive. 7fr9c: UmiUiei n Mountain. ft'fllc: free
Northern. I?<Sl3c: do defective. 9®llc: Hum
hnMf and Men^oolno. n-STi'c: Eastern Oregon.
9#M»-.- V»!l«v Oroeon. IB*rlßc
TTOPP— OId crop. ?*r«c for poor to fair and 3
©10c for good;. new crop. llfMsc per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags. ' .• IS9S - delivery.
6H«?S«ic; Wool Bags, 27®30c.
' COALr— Very scarce and firm. ■ Welling*
ton, |8; New Wellington,. $8: Bouthfleld
Wellington, 17 50; Seattle. $5 60: Bryant,
$5 &0: Coos Bar. $1 7SI Wallsend, $7;
Cumberland. 114 £0 in bulk and $16 in sacks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $15; Oannel. 09
per ton: Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleas
ant Valley. $7 00; Coke, 913 per ton in bulk and
11 in narks.
While the protracted cold weather has caused
a scarcity there Is no advance In prices, and
Indeed, dealers ray that they do not expect
any.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been two arrivals from British Co
lumbia, .with 3833 tons of coal: three from
Washington, 8142 tons: three from Oregon,
11S5 tons: total, 13.113 tons. As the writer pre
dicted several weeks ago, when our winter be
gan to declare Itself, the outlook then was that
our stocks on hand, and to be delivered, were
Inadequate for our requirements, principally
of those grades of fuel that are needed for do
mestic uses. Such has proved to be the case.
No coal famine is feared; If certain charac
ters of coal are not procurable, there are sub
stitutes, probably not so desirable, which can
readily be had. Of couise If most of our north
ern coal carriers should be diverted to other
business, thereby materially diminishing our
supplies from that source, then there would be
some grounds for alarm, but for the moment
this is premature. We shall feel the effects of
the diversion of our colliers to the Alaska
trade later on. .This Is an assurance. We have
six vessels due here within fifteen days from
Australia with about 16.000 tons of coal fairly
well suited for house purposes, if badly needed,
I repeat an extract from my annual review—
"it Is a query how the local coal market will
shape itself In 1S?8" — as there are several dis
turbing elements, any one of which may lead
to singular results.
RlCE— Chinese mixed. $4 25@4 30 per ctl: No.
1. $4 4004 SO per ctl; extra No. 1. $5@5 20; Haw
aiian. $4 50; Japan. $4 75@5; Rangoon, $4.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 674 c: Powdered, 6%c; Dry
Granulated. 5%c; Confectioners' A. 5%c; Mag
nolia A. 5%c; Extra C. 6%c: Golden C. 6%c:
Candy Granulated. 5%c: California A. 6%c per
lb; half-bbls %c more than barrels, and boxes
%c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
. Hogs are very firm and another advance Is
not improbable. The other descriptions re
main unchanged.
Wholesale rates for dressed b««f stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6%®7c; second do, 6%0
6c; third do. 4@sc per lb.
VEAL— Large. s®«c; small, 6&7 a per !b.
MUTTON- 807 c; ewes, 6o per Ilk
LAMB Spring, nominal.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4c for large, 8%0 for
small and B%c for medium; soft Hogs, 3%c;
t dressed, do, 5%©6 c per lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday, January 21.
Flour, qr sks . 17.220 Hay. tons 468
Wheat, ctls 63,750 Straw, tons 62
Barley, ctls 980 Hops, bales 63
Oats, ctls 33 Wool, bales £■•" V
Cheese, ctls 27 Pelts, bdls • 73
Butter, ctls 147 . Hides, no 221
Tallow, ctls 126 Eggs, doz 6,450
Beans, sks 1,501 Leather, rolls .. 66
Potatoes, sks ... ' 1.308! Wine, gals .90,500
Bran, sks 125 i Quicksilver, flsk. -52
Middlings, sks .. 133 Paper, reams .... 1,000
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter. Eggs and Cheese are all cheaper.
Coal is very scarce, but prices have not ad
vanced.
There is no particular change In Fruits and
Vegetables.
Poultry is cheapening, owing to heavy ar
rivals.
Following Is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
Coal, per ton —
Cannel $11 00012 00 ' Castle Gate. 9 50®10 00
Wellington . 010 00 Pleasant Val 9 oo@lo 00
Xew Wei- : Bouthfleld '..Is
lington .... 010 00 Wellington 09 50
Seattle 7 50@ — Coos Bay <§> 6 75
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, fancy, per Common Eggs ...JO 32
square 60055 1 Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll 45050 doz 25®—
Do. good 450 — Honey, comb, per
Cheese. Cal 12ffl5| lb 11015
Cheese, Kastern..lsS?;2o ; Do, extracted... B@lo
Cheese, Swiss 20 U 3O
Meats, per pound —
Bacon 120171 Pork, fresh 12015
Beef, choice 12fT15 Pork, salt 10@12
Do, good 8@ 10 Pork Chops 12015
Corned Beef 80— I Round Steak 8010
Ham. Cal 12>*»— j Sirloin Steak. ...l2^o—
Do, Eastern lI@ISI Porterhoi->e, d0..17fi.2'j
Lard 12i315 [Smoked Beef <Hls
Mutton B@lolPork Sausages — 020
Lamb 10*312 'Veal 10@15
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 50@ 63 Hare, each — 80
Toung Roost- Quail, doz 1 2Z&-
ers, each 60@ 73 Mallard, pr 76i»
Old Roosters, Canvaab'k. pr. 75@i 00
each Ml 60 Sprig, pair 40^50
Fryers, each.. 50® 60 Teal, pair 33<fi>40
Broilers, each. 350 40 Widgeon, pair.. 35@40
Turkeys, pr lb 15®16 Small Duck, pr SCxH —
Pucks, each «V?? 75 Wild Geese, pr 50©
Geese, each....l 2501 75 English Snipe,
Pigeons, pair. 25® 40 doz 2 5003 00
Rabbits, pair. — -^ 40 Jack Snipe, di.l 25@l 50
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, lb 12315 1 Lemons, doz 20©25
Apples, lb 8® 5 Limes, doz 20®25
Bananas, doz 15©20 Oranires. doz 155T50
Cranberries. qt...l2(??ir. Raisins, lb 8@12',»
Cocoanuts, each.. 4@ 6 i Walnuts, lb 15®—
Vegetables—
Asparagus, 1b .. .2o@4'">| Mushrooms, lb .. — ■TT2S
Artichokes, doz.Jl®l 25 ! Dried Okra, 1b....—
Peet(>, doz 121*15 Onions, lb 4@ 5
Beans, white, lb. 4© 5 , Peppers, dried 10@12
Colored, lb 4© 5 Do, green. 1b...256T35
Lima, lb alt 6 Potatoes, lb 2@ 3
Cabbage, each.... RfriO Parsnips, dor 15-??20
Cauliflowers, each 6@lo : Do. Sweet — 3
Celery, bunch s®— Radishes, dz bchs.lo®!!
Cress, doz bch5...20«25 Sage. lb 25@36
Garlic, lb !>&— String Beans. Ib.2S«SS
Grf~n Peas, lb.. B<JTlO| Thyme, lb 20®30
Lentils, lb . 6® Turnips, doz 16020
Lettuce, doz IS@25 ' Tomatoes, lb 10@12
Fish, per pound —
Barracuda ©lOlShad 819 1 —
Carp b&.S Sea Bass B@lo
Codtlßh ..:.'.:...'... SffilO Smelts 15@—
Flounders 60 8 Soles B®—
Herring 54? 6 Skates, each GOIO
Halibut — ©15 Sturgeon ...10012
Kinefl>>h Tomood 12©15
Mackerel 155?— , Clams, gal —960
Do. Horse — <ff— Do hardshell, 100.50@—
Perch ...'. %tn\o Crabs, each 12tftl5
Pompano $I©— Do softshell. dz..2S4KS
Rockflsh 12«fi15 Mussels, qt 10©12
Salmon, -smoked. .2o®— I Oysters. Cal.. 100.40(9—
Salmon, fresh 10»?l?,Do Eastern, d0z.. 25340
Shrimps 8@10 !
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining Stocks were again firmer yesterday,
though the advance continued alight.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Light
Company has declared the regular monthly
dividend of 50 cents per share, payable Feb
ruary 1.
The annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Nevada National Bank of San Francisco
has been called for February 2L
In the Standard Consolidated mine at Bodie
for the week ending January 15, the regular
exploratory work was done In the Security,
Moyle. Black. Main Standard. Maguire, For
tuna and Burgess ledges on the 150, 190, 265.
SlB. 3SO. 465. 476 and 6R2 foot levels. The usual
quantity of ore was extracted from the stopes
In these ledges on the 150. 200, 245, 265, 818, 336
and 380 levels.
Standard Mill Statement— Ore crushed for
thp w»pk. 2St tons: average assay vanner tail
ings. $7 07; tons concentrates produced, t; as
say value $57 07; plate amalgam produced
792H troy ounces; value per ounce. 12 27.
The Pioneer mire will pay its first dividend
of $12,600 on February 1.
BOARD PALES.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
• Regular Session — 9:80.
200 Belcher 3? i ISO Sierra Nev .... 60
*X> Gould & Curry.. 34 10 Standard 143
4<x> Justice 3 r . ; 200 Union Con 36
100 Savage 16 I
Afternoon Session— l:3o.
100 Andes 13 1 200 Mexican 25
100 £0" Overman 10
100 Belcher 40 : 100 Savage 17
100 Challenge 33 400 Sierra Ncr 6J
100 Chollar 27 400 6S
250 Con Cal & Va..l 15 :tKI Utah ... 12
300 120 200 Yellow Jacket .. 34
I 100 Crown Point ... 28 1
Following were the sales lnthe Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Regular Session— lo:3o.
300 Alta . i:. 250 Potosi 33
400 Belcher 3S 500 Savage .......... 17
700 Best & Belchr.. 43 1100 Sierra Nev .... 60
300 Challenge Con.. 31 1200.... .............. 61
730 Con Cal & Va.. m 400 '. 62.
200 Confidence SO 4".0 .. 59
EOO Con Imp . ... 600........ ...... r62r 62
600 02 1000 .... :65: 65
200 Gould & Curry.. 31: ion Union Con ...:.. 36
300. ..: 33 300. 3s
400 Mexican ■ 23 300 Utah ..11'
Ophlr 57 600 ....". 12
CCO Overman 11
Afternoon Session.-
I 600 Alpha OS 200 Ophir 56
300 ...... 07 £00 58
300 Alta 14 300... :... 59
800 Belcher 40 300 60
€00 Best & Belchr.. 48 i 1000 Overman 12
100 Bullion in ! 600Potosi 35
500 Challenge Con.. 32 , 1000 Scorpion *OS
100 Chollar .;.:. 2:. 200 Sierra Nev ....63
100 Con Cal & Va.. 1H 200...: 64
305 ..... ..1 15 COO 05
450 .;-....:... ...:.. 1 17^4 500 ;..; V 66
200 .... • :.... 120 300 ' 6.
ICO Confidence ...... SO 500 .'.. 70
400 Crown Point ... 2S 500 .... !.-72
600 Gould & Curry.. 351800 Union Con .:.... -38
SOO Hale & Norcrs..l 30 400 .. 39
800 Kentuck ........ 06 500 „.* 40
1200 Mexican -24 700 Utah ....;..„... *13
400...... ; r .. 26 i
CLOSING < QUOTATIONS.
, - , FRIDAY. Jan. 21—4 p. m.
' - Bid. Asked. Hale & Norcrs.l 30 185
Bid.Asked. Julia — 02
Alpha 06 07 Justice ......... 84 36
Alia " IS Kentuck 04 05
Andes 16 IT Mexican 28 27
Belcher 41 43 Occidental ....150 —^ '
Beet & Belchr. 61 62 Ophlr 60 b3 X
Bullion .....10 11 Overman — .. 11 12 .
Caledonia 20 23 Potosi 35 36
Chollar 2S 28 Savage 17 IS
Con Cal & Va.l 15 120 Seg Belchr .... — 07
Challenge Con. 33 34 Scorpion ....... — 05
Con Imperial . 01 02 Sierra Nev .... 71 <2
Confidence 78 - Silver Hill .... 03 04
Crown Point .. 28 29 Standard 145 —
Con New York. — 02. Union Con 41 43
Eureita 25 - ; Utah 12 13
Gould & Curry. 36 37 Yellow Jacket. 34 85
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGES.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Jan. 21—2 p. m.
Bid.Asked. < Bid.Asked.
4s quar 00up..113 — I Oakland Gas.. 65% —
4s quar reg... 112 113% Pac Gas 1m... 93% 94%
48 quar new. ..125 — | Pac LCo 66% 66%
Miscellaneous— S F G & E... 95 95%
Cal-st Cab 55. 113 — San Fran 3% 3«i
Cal El L 65.. 126% — Stockton Gas. 14% —
C C Wat 65... 100% — Insurance
Dup-st ex c. — 98% Firem's Fnd..197% —
E L & P 65..129%129 A Bank Stocks—
F& Ch Ry65.116 — Angto-Cal .... 66% 58
Geary-st R as. 93%102 : Bank of Ca1... 247 250
HC & S 5,..1 05 — Cal SD & T.. — 101
LAL Co 6g.. — 100 First Nat ....200 —
Do gntd 65. .100 101 . Lon P & A. .130 - — -V-
Market-st 65.. 126 — Mer Exchnge. 12 —
Do Ist M ss. 114 114% Nev Nat 8...150 —
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 100 , Savings Banks—
N C ngßy 7s. 100 101 Ger 8 & L..1475 1620
NRy Cal 65. .109% — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 65.. 102 — Mutual Say. 85 40
NPC Ry 65.104% — S F Say U.. 476 —
N P C Rv 6s. 99% — IS & L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas 55... — Security S 8.260 —
Do Mis 68..111 11! Union TCo 980 —
Om Ry 6s 128 129% Street Railroad—
P & O Ry 65.110 115 I California ....108 Ml
P & CH Ry 68.109 109% Geary 40 , —
Powell-st 6s .119 122 Market-st 68% —
Reno WL&L.. — 105 Oak SLA H. — —
Sac ElecßySs. — 100 Presidio . T —
SF& NP* 55.104%105% Powder— ,..
SPof Ar 65..101%102 California .... »Ji»lw
8 P Cal 65....109%110% E Dynamite .. 86 90 .
SPC Ist eg ss. 98%100 I Giant Con Co 88% 88J1
S P Br 6s 109%109% ! Vlgorit 3% ">•
8 V Wat 65.. 119% — | Miscellaneous— • • ■
8 V Wat 45. .102% — Al Pac Assn.. — 100
Stock Gas 69.. 100 103 Ger Ld Wk5..100160
Water— H C & S Co.. 31% —
Contra Costa. 55 — I Hutch S P Co. 42% 4tt*
Marin Co .... "0 — | Mer Ex Asn.. 90 --
Spring Vat ... 99T4100 Nat Vln Co .. — TO
Gas & Electric— Oc S Co .... 86% 87 v
Cent Gaslight. 98% — j Pac A F Al.. 1% 8 r
Capital Gas... — — Pac Bor C 0... 94 100
MEL C 0.... 15% 15% Par Paint Co. 6% —
MORNING SESSION— IO:3O.
145 Hutchlnson 8 P Co .'.... 42 60
80 Mutual Electric Light 16 8714
25 do do 16 25
15 Pacific Gas Imp 98 50
15 S F Gas and Electric -... 95 26
15 Spring Valley Water, 99 87^
$1000 SPofCSs Bonds — .110 00
60 Vigortt Powder 3 BTVJ
AFTERNOON SESSION.
$1000 Edison L & P Bonds 129 60
20 Giant Powder Con *8 50
230 do do 88 25
215 Hawaiian Com and Sugar 81 25
$3000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 102 00
15 Pacific Lighting 66 50
10 Pacific Gas Im 83 50
23 S F Gas and Electric Co 95 £5
65 Oceanic Steamship Co 36 75
125 do do 36 50
25 do do 36 00
50 do do 86 37^4
100 do do 36 25
50 do do b3 36 50
80 Spring Valley Water b 8 100 00
50 do do 100 00
Street —
JSOOO Northern Ry of Cal 6s 80nd5........ 110 00
10 Spring Valley Water 99 8715
THE CALL CALENDAR.
January, IS9S.
Mo
Tu.
w .
Th.
Fr .
Sa
Moon'B Phaeep
1
£2» Full Moou.
Jan. 7.
—
-
8
I 4
5
8
i 7
8
—
—
/o- Last Quart*^i
(S. . Jan. 15.
iej
i U
13
15
—
-
17
18 :
19 j
!»'
! 21
22
New Moon.
\~*} Jan. 22.
—
i
— '
14
M
26 I
37
Us
29
::,.^:v. :-.,,--■
i
— ;
-Ik First Quartai
V Jan. 2J.
31
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE].
iMER.
Willamette...' I Seattle. :::... rlJan 53
Empire , Coos Bay.. ■■■ ■■'■ Jan 23
CltyPuebia.. . . ! Victoria and Pryret Sound Jan 22
Bristol Departure Bay Jan 23
Pro?reso Seattle: Jan £3
Burma Nanalmo Jan ' 2*
Arcata Coos Bay i Jan aft
Homer Coos Bay ; ........... Jan 2$
President. Yaqulna Bay ; Jan 23
Washtenaw..... iTacoma i Jan 23
Czarina Coos Bay Jan 23
Weeott — Crescent City Jan M
Columoia Portland Jan 25
Coptic China and Japan Jan 25
Santa Rosa. ... San Diesro jan 25
Pomona Humboiat Bay lan 25
Mackinaw Tacoma Jan M
Coos Bay ! Newport Jan 27
Walla Walla. . . ] Victoria and Pufet Snd... Jan 27
Del Norte j Grays Harbor Jan 38
Orizaba Mexico Jan 28
Oueen San Diego Jan 29
San Bias Panama Jan 29
State or Cal — Portland Jan 80
Alliance Yukon Feb 1
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
MIR.
ATIOV
Jose...
San Jose del? Jan 22. la m PM Sf
Humbldt Bay I.in 22. 2 pm pier 9
Portland ran 2a. 10 am Pter 24
San Dlog-o. ian 23. 11 am Pier 11
Crescent City. Jan 24, 8 pm Pier —
Skapuay Jan 24, 6 pm Pier 3
Honolulu. . . Jan 25. 2 pm Pier 7
Newport .lan 25. 9 AM] Pier 11
Cooa Bay Jan 25. 10 AM! Pier 18
Coos Bay .lan 25, sPM|Pler 3
Humbldt Bay. ! Jan 26, 9 am Pier 13
Vie & PsrtSnd Jan 2ri, 9 am Pier 9
;Chlna*Japan.i.Tan 3fl. 1 pm Pier 11
iSan Diegro Jan 27,11 am Pier H
i Port land Jan 28. 10 am Pier 24
Panama Jan 38. 12 MPM S3
Newport. Jan W. 9 AM 'Pter U
Grays Har bo ••:. Tan 80.12 MiPler 3
lona .
c of Cal
en
3cent C
.Iblon
lon
tier
ata. . . .
rlna
»ott
m oi,i.. ;
on
« Bay..
Norte..
■Olff, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey,
Times and Heights of High and L*>w
■Waters at Fort Point, Entranoe to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-f.ve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the samo at both places.
JANUARY— IB9B.
Saturday, January 22.
Sun rises —T:3l
Sets 8:31
Moon sets . 4-
I Tlme| peet !
M H W
I Feet I
I
i Feet i.
'I
>:19
l:W
t:08
4.8 1 ft; 3o
6.0 6:31
5.1 7:2S
2.7
2.4
2.1
11:48
12:3«
1:33
5.3
5.5
5.0
6:35
7:18|
7:M|
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tid«»
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
second time column gives the second tld« of
i the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives tho
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height*
flven are additions to the soundings on th«
'nited States Coast Survey charts, except
1 when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height and
! then the number give!! is subtructive from th«
depth given by the charts.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrograrmlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange !s
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners \ without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-,
ing direction* of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the . latest
information can always be I obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matter!
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes befora
noon and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian
by telegraphic signal received 'each day from
the united States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island,: Cal. .
A notice stating whethf"- tTie time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error, If any. la
published the same day by the afternoon pa
pers, and by the morning papers the following
day - T1 W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. B. N.. in charge.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic OfUce.; O. S N Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, January
■■' The time ball on Telegraph Hill was
dropped exactly at noon to-ciay— j. c.. at noon
of the 120 th meridian, or exactly at 8 d. m..
Greenwich time. . ,W. S. HUGHES. \V
,__^ Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge./'
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED. /'
Stmr Tlllamook. Olsen^^ur^K .SrtPrapg; lumber, to T'nlon Lumber Co.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Mon
tarey; produce, to Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Queen, Debney. 62 hours from San
Piego. etc; pass and mdse, to Goodall, Per
kins »% Co.
Stmr Pomona, Cousins, 20 hours from Eu
reka; pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins &
Co.
Stmr Ronlta, Nloolson, S4 hours from San
Diego, etc; produce, to Goodall, Perkins &
Bark Wllna, Slater. 10 days from Seattle;
tons coal, to Central Coal Co.
Br bark Powys Castle, Thomas, 59 days fm
Brisbane; 2146 tons coal, to J D Spreckels &
Rms Co.
Fr bark Pierre Corneille, Leloquet, 156 days
from Cardiff; 1547 tons coal, to BaJfour, Guth
rie & .
Schr Nettle Low. Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes: 40 bxs butter, to J H Newbauer & Co.
Schr Parkers-bprp, Nelson, 7 days from Co
quille River. MO M ft lumber, to C F Doe.
Schr Arthur 1, Jaoobvon, 7 days from Tilla
mook; 150 M ft lumber. to Truckee Lumber Co.
CLEARE1 '.
Friday, January 21.
Br ship Glaucus, Bennett, Queenstown; Geo
W McNear.
Schr Una, Harkins, Champerloo; Thomas
Harklns.
SAILED.
Friday. January 21.
Btmr Cleone. Wai vis.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefper., Tlllamook.
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland, Si;nta Cms.
Btmi Coos < Ray, Hall, San Diego.
Stmr Umatilla, Hunter, Victoria and Port
Townsi
Ship Henry R Hyde, Colcord. Honolulu.
Bark Highland Light. Herbert. Puget Sound.
Rubs bktn Bering, Gronberg, Kahului.
Schr Jennie Thelln, Hansen, Coos Bay.
Schr Golden Shore, Rasmuasen, Puget
Sound.
Schr Rio Bey, Sehmallng, Siuslaw River. '
Schr Archie and Fontle, Colstrup, Flsks
Mill.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POIXT LOBOS— Jan 21. 10 p. m.— Weather
clear; wind W; velocity 8 miles.
CHARTERS. •
The bark Fresno loads lumber at Port Lud-
Ipw for Honolulu. • '
The Cambrian Kins; loads wheat at Port
land 'or Europe. 37s €d; < helmsford, wheat
at Tacoma for Europe, We.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
MONTEREY— Arrived Jan 21— Schr Barbara
Hernpter, from Port Harford.
CLALLAM BAT— port Jan 21— Br bark
Marion Frazer, from Tacoma for Queenstown.
SAN* PEDRO— Jan 21— Stnir Jewel,
from Caspar.
VENTURA— SaiIed Jan 21— Stmr O Loomis,
for San Francsco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Jan 21— Schr
('has Hanson, from Ventura.
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 21— Stmr Arcata,
hence Jan 18.
VENTURA— Arrived Jan 21— Str O Loomls,
hence Jar. 20.
WHITESRORO— SaiIed Jan 21— Str Whttes
boro, lor San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Jan Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco. ■
Arrived Jan 21— Stmr Coquille River, hence
Jan 19.
COOS BAY— Sailed Jan 21— Stmr Empire, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA- Sailed Jan Stmr Chtlkat, for
Portland; Btmr North Fork, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Weeott, for Crescent City; stmr
Scotia, for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 21— Stmr National City, hence
Jan 19.
POINT REYES— Passed Jan 21— Fr bark
Pierre Corneille, from Cardiff for San Fran
cisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 20— Stmr Advance.
for Colon.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan Stmr Cuflc,
for Liverpool; stmr Peninsula, for Lisbon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SHIELDS— SaiIed Jan 20— Br bark Cralgtala.
WESTPORT, NZ— Sailed Jan 20— Schr \Vm
Bowden, for Honolulu.
HULL— Sailed Jan 20— ship Lord Tem
pletown, lor San Francisco via Newcastle,
England.
QUEENSTOWN— Jan 21— Br ship
Lord Cairns, for Sunderland.
DUNKlßK— Arrived Jan 20— Br ship Old
Kensington, hence Sept 3.
LONDON— Arrived Jan 20— Br ship Rajore,
hence Sept 10.
:eNSTOWN— SaiIed Jan 20— ship
Maxwell, for Havre; Br ship Craigerne.
ST VlNCENT— Arrived Jan 20— Br ship
Flintshire, from Oregon for Marseilles.
MARSEILLES— Jan 20— Br stmr
Glfnfarg. from Tacoma.
HAVRE— Arrived Jan 20— Br ship Blyths
wood, from Oregon.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan Stmr Bovlc,
from New York.
Sailed Jan 21— Stmr Georgic, for New York.
IMPORTATIONS.
SAX PEDRO— Bonita— SGsO sks barley.
Alcatraz— f,2 pkgs machinery.
MONTEREY— Gipsy— l plow, 1 sk sea
weed, 17 sks bones. 2 sks hoofs, 8 eks dried
abalones, 50 pkgs mdse, 1 lot household goods.
Moss Landing— ll64 sks potatoes, 1 cs eggs.
1 bx butter, 1 coop poultry, 1061 sks barley, 2
bxs hardware.
Santa Cruz — 1 lot scrap iron, 5 bdls sacks,
5 sks copper, 3 sks rubber, 18 os cheese, 3 bxs
butter. ■'• bdls hides, SOU bbls lii»e.
SAN D7KGO— Per Queen— l4o pkgs mdse. 2
ca seed, *> cs "chocolate, ISti bis 21 hf-bxs rais
ins, 345 bxs lemons, 15 bxs limes, 39 pkgs tan
gerines, 2^S bxs oranges. 1 horse, 1 cs apple
butter, 1 cs nuts. 1 cs tobacco, 7 bxs limes,
IS pkgs grape fruit. 40 cs eggs. 38 cs honey,
17 bales wool, 4 bxs nails, 3 pkgs hardware.
Redondo — bxs lemons, 1 cs shoes, 2500 5-kB
barley, 1112 sks wheat. 14 sks walnuts. 3 bxs
oranges, 1 keg olives, 19 pkgs mdse. 1 box D
fruit, 12 bxs hardware, 3 sks ash cement.
Port Los Angeles— cs tea, 31 pkgs dried
fruit, 2 bxs butter. 111 pkgs mdse, 6 c« collars
and cuffs, 3 cs dry goods, 2 sewing-machines,
6 sks chili, 40 bdls husks, 3 . sks peas, 8 bxs
tomatoes, 19 bxs lemons, 140 bxs oranges, 14
pkgs groceries, 3 bxs tomatoes.
Santa Barbara— Cl pkgs mdse, 10 bis lem
ons, 14 cs crawfish.
Port Harford— pkgs mdse, 8 bxs butter,
834 cs eggs, 202 bxs apples. 2 bbls sweets, 9
bdls hideF, 1 coop chickens, 2 dressed calves,
1 bx hardware, 400 sks beans, 3 bxs fish.
EUREKA— Per Pomona— 9% bxs fish, 722,500
shingles. 29 pkgs mdse, 30^ bxs 2 kegs butter.
1 cs shoes. 1 pkg hardware, I pkg express. 1
Ek coin, 106,259 ft lumber.
i: II & E R R— loß bxs fish, 61 bxs butter,
2 rkgs mdse, 20 cs condensed milk, 852 sacks
2 bbls potatoes, 2 cs lanterns, 1 keg fish, cs
olives, 1 cs eggs, 461 bxs apples, 683,275 snln-
Kles, 31 doors, 10 cs >£ bbl elder, 1 cs llaware,
1 bbl syrup, 2 bdls dry hides.
CONSIGNEES.
Per Gipsy— Arctic Oil Works; Standard Oil
Co; Hlldebmndt & Co; Bertin & Lepori; lit
Shasta Mm "Water Co; Cartan, McCarthy &
Co; Goldberg. Bowen & Co; Cal Bottling Co;
N Ohlandt & Co; Ch Tetzen; Baker & Hamil
ton; Norton. Teller & Co; Herman Joost; J H
Cain & Co: Wolf & Sons; H Dutard; Miller
& Son; (■ O Moore; Marcovlch Bros; Dairy
men's Union; Kron Tanning Co; H Cowell &
Co; Dodge, Sweeney & Co; Hills Bros.
Per Pomona— Bert! & Co; Marshall, Teg
cart & Co; Labor Exchange; McDonough &
Runyon; Wltzel & Baker: Wellman, Peck &
Co; W B Sumner & Co; F Hodge; H Dutard;
Eveleth & Nash; Nash & Boessenecker; C E
Whitney & Co; Brigham, Hoppe & Co; F B
Haight; Mitchell & Goodall; Bowers Rubber
Co; Dairymen's Union; H O Wleder; Norton,
Teller & Co; L D Stone & Co; J A Bailey;
O B Smith & Co; Pac Lumber Co; P C Lum
ber & Mill Co; Ross & Hewlett; Rubs. Early
& Co; Tillmann & Bendel; Wheaton, Breon &
Co; A Paladlnl; American Union Fish Co; A
Knea & Co; B Caito; G Camilloni & Co; E M
Heckman; J B Inguglia; J H Kissing; Milanl
& Co; N Tarantino; Pac Coast Fish Co; C R
Allen; Scott & Van Arsdale Lumber Co: Dun
ham, Carrlgan & Co; A Fay: Standard Oil Co;
"Wells, Fargo & Co; L F Randall; Cahn.
Nlekelsbur* & Co; Dodge, Sweeney & Co; F
Jennings: Italian-Swiss Colony; J R Hanlfy
' & Co; G Bard; Hibemla Brewery; E Cous
ins: F W Johnston; E T Allen.
Per Queen— San Francisco Brewery: Gund
lach A- Co; A Q Reynolds; E J Bowen & Co;
D Ghirardelll; Geo A Patterson; Wetmore
Bros: Mlnaker & Welbanks;- Campodonico &
Malcolm; "Wleland Brewing Co; E.O Morris;
"Wellman, Peck & Co; Neville & Co; "Wolf &
Rons; C E Cumberson; O C & N Co: Gray &
Barbieri; L Scatena & Co; D B Williams-
Quartermaster's Department. USA; A Galli
Fruit Co; H O Greenhood; L Spiegel & Co; J
Ivanc<">vich & Co; Nash & Boessenecker; D De
Bernardi & Co; W H Wood: J F Ulrichs; C
Rosenberg: • Malvtn & Co; Miller, Blom &
Scott; Cahn. Nickelsburg & Co: Cutter &
Mosely: H Dutard; G H Peck; Garcia & Mag
ginl; h s Crocker & Co; Copper River T & M
Co; Goodyear Rubber Co; Pac Ammonia and
Chemical Works; Osgood & Howell; Tillmann
& Bendel; J Unna; J Fusch; Stevens, Arnold
& Co: Shasta Mm Water Co; A Gonzales: H
Palmer: IXI, Tamale Co: Kittle & Co; F J
Carver; J Demartlni: J H Cain & Co- Lievre,
Fricke & Co; Minaker & Welbanks; P A Mc-
Donald: M F Allen: A Pala/llni; American
Lnlon Fish Co: Amer Carb Acid & Gas Co- W
J Morgan: J de la Montanva: L G Srei«ovlch
& Co; Hilmer, Bredhoff & Schulz; Marshall &
Remers; W Johnson: Hills Bros; Witzel &
Baker: Amer Type Foundry Co: a Levy &
Co: Getz Bros & Co: Peoole's Express: Robs
*' Hewlett: J A Parsons: H Kfrchmann A Co-
I." Newhauer & Co; (i Ginocchlo: Wheaton
Breon & Co: D E Allison & Co; Norton THl
er & Co; S Strauss & Co; Labor ExchanWe- W
F Mitchell: Western Meat CoT Baker Mom
llton: Dairj-men's Union- E R St«v»nf ft C^-
A Phillips: Sacramento Fish Co y & '
son 61 Bonlta H Dutard; Johnston ■ A Peter-
REfIL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Isabella Martin and Hlbernla Savings and
Loan | Society (by B. P Oliver. commission
er.) to John Dougherty, lot on W line of Van
W%* V sssr < MS Of Va!le -f° "treet. 527 by
m?^!? <^ ..Carries to William Wankowaki,
i°cot?. n w 6 \°: i^z'iir- 165 wof
r»,^ m ? » J ' J^ hn (wife °' Ernll > to Frank
P u " n ' '°i ° n o llne of DevisaAero street. 75
S of Eddy, S 27:6 by W 100' JlO
n»rt r ™^li ah i Browell t0 Frank J - and Mathilde
r^ r^, nd - '?* on P line of Lombard street.
13. .8 E of Dupont. being RE corner of Lomb
ard and Good rtilldr.-n Greets. E 20 by 8
71:6; also i,.issaKeway over alley way « feet
wide running from Good Children street E
across rear of above and adjoining on the 8;
 Charles TV. Fay to Philip S. Fay. lot on W
by e W 7e **5 la - * treet# k ~* Sof J^ ckson ' 525
.Mary A. Foley (wife of Timothy) to Timo
thy and Mary E. Foley, lot on SW line of
F4? },? r * tree , - 75 SE of Bryant, SE 25 by
6W 60; also lot on N line of Twentieth ave
nue, 75 TV of L street. W to Railroad avenue,
NE 106. E 160. S 100, lots A and 15, block 886,
South San Francisco Homestead and Rail
road Association; gift. '
City and County of San Francisco to George
Geltner. lot on E line of York street. 110 N
of Sixteenth (Center), N 60 by E 65
Potrero Land and Water Front Company to
Martin and Joanna Daly, lot on E line of Mis
*°«rt street, 275 N of Army (Colusa), N 25 by
■E. 100; $10.
James S. and Catherine T. Bunnell to Mary
R. Cheesewrtght. wife of J. F. Cheesewrlght.
lot on E line of Fifteenth avenue, 275 N of
Clement street. N2sby E 127 $10.
John H. Stoner to Alexander McNee, lot on E
line of Tenth avenue, 175 N of I street, N 25
by E 120; $5.
Evelyn O'Donnell Bell to Edwin Lawrence,
lot on E line of Ninth avenue, 200 S of II
street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
William H. and Lulu E. Chapman to Brain
anl N. Rowley, lot on E line of Ninth avenue,
12c X of X street. N 25 by E 120; $1.
Michael and Mary Mitchell to Bryan J.
flinch. lot on E line of Thirtieth avenue, 100
N of L street, N 60 by E 120; $10.
Jones, Allen & Co. to Oliver E. and Flora J.
Alg-er, lot on N line of P street. 52:6 W of
Forty-seventh avenue, W 75 by N 100; $10.
James I. and Jane G. O'Brien to James D.
and Mary Rodney, lot on X line of Capitol
street. 100 S of Sagamore S SO by E ISO. lots 1
and 2. block B. Railroad Homestead; $10.
P. F. Perryman to R. T. Harding, lot on SW
corner of Stanyan and Clarke streets. W 660
by S 228. block BS. Stanford Heights; $10.
R. T. and Louise M. Harding to Mary E.
Fltzhugh, wife of William M. Fitzhugh,
same; $10.
Robert and Maria A. MeCausiand to William
Laun. lot on S line of Rlchland avenue, 425 E
of South. E 23 by S 100, lot 14, block i. Holly
Park; $10.
filamecla County.
Charles M. and Lena G. McGregor to Fred
G. Weston, lot on N line of Thirty-second
street, 75:9 W of Linden. W 35 by N 100, Oak
land; $10.
Sonoma Lumber Company to Beatrice M.
Burg, lot on N line East Nineteenth street.
122 E of Thirteenth avenue, E 34 by N 75, East
Oakland; $10.
Minnie K. Hall to Frank G. Thompson, lots
312 to 316, block V. Beulah Park property; also
strip of land 8 feet wide bordering upon and
lying to • westward of aforesaid lots 315 and
316; also lot on \V corner East Twenty- fourth
street and Fourteenth avenue, NW 144. C1, SW
74. BE 121. NE 77.56. to thinning block 141.
Clinton, East Oakland $500.
F. K. and Ram M. Shattuck to August and
Helen A. Johanson. lot on N line Oregon
street. 195 E of Grove, E 40 by N 129.55, being
lot 2S. block 20, Shattuck tract, Map C, Berke
ley: $10.
Edwin R. Dlmond to Union Trust Company
of San Francisco (trustee estate W. »H. Di
mond). all interest in following property:
That portion lots 31, 22 and 33, block 3. Max
well tract, lying W of right of way S. P. R.
R. Co.; also that portion of lots SO. SI and S2.
block 4, of Maxwell tract, lying W of right of
way S. P. R. H. Co. : also that portion of lots
132, 133 and 134, block 9. same tract, lying W
of right of way S. P. R. R. Co.; also lots 130
and 131, block 9, same tract, on E of right
of way 8. P. R. R. Co.; also lots 132, 133 and
134, block 9. same tract, lying E of right of
way S. P. R. R. Co., quitclaim deed, Oakland
Township; $10.
D. E. and Emma M. Collins to G. W. Gray
son, W. J. Owen and J. W. Phillips, undivided
half Interest in lot on S line of W Third street.
c"4 W of Linden. W 156 by S 94, being lots 26
to- 30. block 443. Adeline and Market-street
Homestead. Oakland; $10..
Gottlieb Laueber to Emily Meehan, lots 7 and
8, resubdivipion of block M, Roberts and Wolf
fkill tract, Oakland Annex; $10.
Adele Lorber to Hugo M. Lorber, lot on S
line of Thirty-seventh street, 215 W of Market,
W 120 by B 100, portion map Mrs. M. J. Evoy's
property. Oakland Annex; $10.
Alexander and Mary I. Mahan to Maryette
Greene, lot 31. In plat 33. Mountain View Ceme
tery, Oakland Township, quitclaim deed; $lUO.
Builders' Contracts.
Honry W. and Joseph Hyman (trustees for
Solomon and Ruth Hyman i with lckelheimrr
Bros, (contractors); architects. Percy & Ham
ilton. Plumbing, drains and gasfittlng for
building on SE corner of Sixteenth street and
Hoff avenue; $l&&0.
A JAPANESE SCHEME.
Trying to Get Around the School
Law Under Which They Have
Been Excluded.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 21.— For way* that are
dark f^rul tricks that are vain the Japanese
schoolboys In this city promise to outdo
Bret Harte's historical Chinee. When the
matter of prohibiting thorn from attend
ing the public schools first came up they
-ted that they were willing to pay
tuition fees, as other non-residents were
obliged to do. After making this offer,
however, they must have taken advice,
for now they have repented and propose
to break their way into the schools and
force a free education at the hands of
CARL N. G. HAGER, the Manager of the Floating Society.
the taxpayers. They know that th*y are
not legally residents of this city, since a
minor's It-pal residence Is with his parents
or guardian. Their parents are ;tll in
Japan, and now they are in search of
some one willing: to act as guardian for
them. They propose to Ret the courts to
appoint such guardian and by thus ac
quiring a residence be in a position to
present themselves as pupils and demand
free entrance into the schools.
The rule of the board of this city under
which these boys have be<>n excluded is
as follows: "Pupils whose parents or
guardians are not actual residents of this
city are non-resident pupils. Non-resident
pupils may be admitted to any school In
the city upon paying in advance to the
Superintendent the following rates of
tuition per term: Primary school $10,
grammar school $15. high school $20; pro
vided that no such pupil shall be admit
ted or retained in any school when from
overcrowding or from any other cause the
interests of pupils witOM parents or guar
dians are actual residents of the city
would thereby suffer."
Will Parade on Monday.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 21. —Orders were issued
from headquarters to-day to the members
of Company G, Fifth Regiment, to pa
rade on Monday morning next in service
uniform, to take part in the Golden Jubi
lee celebration in San Francisco on that
date. The local parlor of Native Sons
will also take part in the celebration, and
there will be a practically complete cc»
satlon of business in this city on that j
day.
Republican Committees Organize.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 21.— The advisory and 1
executive committees of the Republican
Club met last evening and organized for
the coming campaign. E. R. Anthony was
chosen chairman or the advisory commit
tee, J. 8. Hanley vice-chairman and F. B.
Browning secretary. Dr. C. L. Tisdale i
was chosen chairman of the executive
committee and F. E. Browning secretary, j
An auditing committee was appointed,
consisting of E. A. Randlett, J. 8. Han
ley and E. B. Dunning.
Literary Club Organized.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 21.— The Encinal Lite
rary Society was organised last evening,
with the following officers: President,
Fred Van Meter; %ice-presldent, Dudley i
Parker; secretary and treasurer, William !
Locke.
Benham (during a quarrel) — Well, if
you want to know It, I married you
for your money.
Mrs. Benham — I wish I could tell as
easily what I married you for.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 22, 1898.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
SIX YEARS
WITH SAILORS
Successful Work That
Has Reached All
Countries.
Anniversary of the Floating
Society of Christian
Endeavor.
All the Comforts of Home Given to
Sailor Lads While In
Port.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 21.
Six years of active work among the
sailors coming to Oakland by the Float
ing Society of Christian Endeavor will
be completed next Monday, and the
record made by the society shows that
its work has been greatly appreciated
by sailor men and lads who are now in
all parts of the world.
The hall at West Oakland, where the
Floating Society carries on its work,
is open every evening, and Is a place of
healthful amusement for sailors. It has
been largely patronized from the start,
and a great many sailor boys far from
home have derived much benefit from
the influences brought to bear upon
them at the hall. Periodically enter
tainments are given at which the lead
ing numbers are taken by the nautical
talent in port. These entertainments
have been very successful and there
is never a spare seat in the hall dur
ing their progress.
Carl N. G. Hager, who is in charge
of the work, is much encouraged with
the result.
"Since the work commenced six years
ago," he said to-day, "all sailors com
ing to Oakland have had a place to go \
where they could make themselves at :
home, and they have shown a great
preference for our hall rather than the j
places of amusement Rr which sailors
are usually enticed. Every evening we 1
have a happy crowd, and every Sun- |
day at 5 o'clock we have a free-and
easy tea. Officers and sailors sit to
gether at our table, and all enjoy a
good time. After tea the sailor boys
turn to, clear away the wreck and wash
the dishes. Scores of sailor lads have
written to us after their arrival at
their distant homes, thanking us for
the interest shown, and some of our
ladies have beautiful letters from the
mothers of these boys, telling us that
the influence brought to bear in Oak
land has had a permanent effect on the
boys' lives.
"Our work Is thoroughly undenomi
national and we feel that it belongs to
any right-minded person in Oakland.
Miss Kati<> Mcl>anie!, an active mem
ber of the First Congregational rhurch,
is our treasurer and Miss A. L. Moir
corresponding secretary.
"Our records shew that during the
past year 13 captains, 93 officers and
about 3000 sailors have visited our
rooms. In addition to which we have or
ganized five little societies on board
ships, which keep up at sea the good
work begun here."
TROUBLE OVER
REVENUE STAMPS
A Brewery at Haywards to Be
Sold To- Day by the
Sheriff.
Government Olficinla Are ExperUnjj
the Books in San Frsn
cieco.
Oakland Offloe San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 21.
To-morrow afternoon the New York
brewery at Haywards will be sold by the
Sheriff. Three weeks ago it was closed
down under an attachment by Sheriff
"White to satisfy a Judgment by H. F.
Nebas for a claim of $1019.
An internal revenue officer from San
Francisco called at the brewery yester
day and found that there was a disagree
ment between the number of revenue
stamps issued and those accounted for,
and so he took away the books to San
Francisco so that they could be experted.
This discrepancy and subsequent action
of the revenue officer may lead to com
plications tha # t may stop the sale, for the
result may have a bearlnsr on the title
that could be given with the brewery in
the event of the sale.
The brewery is not a very larg-e place,
but for some time it did a fair business.
Peter Butt, the proprietor, says the reve
nue stamps can all be accounted for. On
the first of the month they were duly in
spected and found correct, and, as he has
done no business since that time, he is
at a loss to account for the suspicion of
the officer who called yesterday.
One twenty-fifth part of the
world's coal fields is British.
ALAMEDA IS
ALSO ALIVE
Has Ambition Enough to
Name an Entire
Ticket
Both Parties Are Anxious to
Be Strictly in It Next
November.
The Interior of the County Will Re
sent All the Piuma Going to
the Bay Shore.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 21.
Oakland is evidently not to have
everything her own way In county pol
itics this year, although there are in
this city about three candidates for
JUST A FEW OF THE AMBITIONS OF ALAMEDA.
every position on the county and State
ticket, there are many others In other
parts of the county.
Alameda has just been heard from
and there are enough ambitious poli
ticians in the Encinal city willing to
sacrifice their personal feelings in the
matter if they übaJl be forced by their
friends to take a salary from the
county for the next four years.
There are quite a few Democrats In
Alameda. During the past two years
they have been split into all kinds of
factions, hut now they are coming to
gether again in time to make a claim
to some of the offices that will be filled
next November. Eugene Woodin, an
ex-Chief of the Fire Department, would
like to go to the Legislature, and Cy
Brown, who was beaten by Supervisor
TaKott three years ago, and is now
on the Bourd of Education, will proba
bly be persuaded to run again.
City Attorney Taylor yearns to rep
resent his district in the State Senate,
and Fred St. Sure may be persuaded,
to run for a Superior Judgeship. Plum
ber Furey. who once won a big prize
in a lottery, may run for Supervisor, as
he has now great faith in his own good
luck. If Joe L,anktre<» thought he
could win a county office he would no
doubt take the fit Id.
Then come Alameda's Republicans.
Tax Collector Barber has no objection
to holding his office: Chief of Police
Rogers has already nominated himself
for the next Sheriff; Judge Ellsworth
is also an Alamedan, and other candi
dates are coming forward all the time.
Out in the county there is also a de
sire to have something from the county
pie-counter. Heretofore Oakland and
Alameda have gobbled up everything In
sight, and this greediness has often
helped to defeat the ticket. Now Ar
thur Feldler of I,lverniirp thinks he
should have something, Dan McCarty
a San Lieandro editor, belleTM some
thing should go lo his town, and Mis
sion San Jose is never without a can
didate.
PARKS AND BOULEVARDS.
An Ordinance Recommended Call
ing for an Election for Boi)ds.
OAKLAND, Jan. 21.— The judiciary
committee of the City Council, after a
two-hour discussion. ha.i recommended to
the Council the issuance of $.VXi.<V«t worth
of bonds, bearing 4 i>«?r cent interest. The
ordinance providing for these bonds also
provides for the following expenditures
of the moneys realized from the sale of
the bonds:
To acquire 150 acres of the Sather tract
at $1250 an acre — a total of 5157.500.
To acquire a twenty-five-acre frontage
on Lake Merrltt from the Adams Polrt
tract, constituting a strip IS2 f,.«t wide
» xti nding from near the Piedmont power
house at the bend of the west arm of the
lake, around the entire lake front of the
trad to the ea»t end of Perry street near
the head of the east or main arm of the
lake. $100,000.
To ox tend and Improve West Oakland
Park, IMjOHL
To improve Independence square East
Oakland, $10.00.1.
To acquire, fill and improve for park
purposes the north arm of the estuary
between Seventh and Twelfth stree"t
bridges, $50,000.
For the improvement of the boulevard
and above mentioned park sites, $122,500
Oekjartd News Items
OAKLAND, Jan. 21.— Three new cases
of diphtheria were reported at the Health
Office since yesterday morning.
Attorney Scrivner appeared before
Judge Ogden to-day and stated that
Frank C. Bacon would make an answer
to his wife's suit to-morrow, and a hear
ing was set for 2 o'clock. There is no
contest.
H. N. Horgan, an employe of the rail
road, fell with a scaffolding this morning
and broke the bones in his heel and left
arm. He was taken to the Fablola Hos
pital.
M. C. "Wencesiow anw wife, who were
arrested In San Jose two weeks ago and
lodged in jail here on a charge of obtain
ing money under false pretenses, were
discharged to-day, on recommendation of
the District Attorney.
Verna Margaret Little, a pretty young
woman, of 566 Eleventh street, was taken
to the insane ward of the Receiving Hos
pital to-day. She believes herself to be
the founder, leader and greatest of the
King's Daughters.
The funeral of the late Benjamin Ma
loon was held thin afternoon at his late
residence on Linden street. Rev. C. H.
Hobart officiated, and many pioneers
were in attendance.
NEW CHARTER
SUGGESTIONS
Councilman Rowe Has
Ideas Regarding
Streets.
He Believes There Are Too
Many Offices in the City
Government.
The Ordinance Calling for the Elec
tion of Freeholders to Coma
Up Next Week.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 21.
Next Monday night the Council will
pass to print the ordinance calling an
election of Freeholders to frame the
new city charter.
Councilman Rowe, who introduced
the resolution Into the Council, refer
ring to the new charter, believes that
above all things the city should make
Its own laws in regard to street Im
provements. At present Oakland is
governed by the Vrooman act, which
provides that a majority protest can
stop any improvements for blx months.
Mr. ltd wo believes that this gives ob
structionists too much power, and he
thinks that the people will vote for a
measure that will decrease this objec
tion.
Another suggestion made is that the
City Council consist of seven Council
men instead of eleven. There are
seven wards In this city and it has al
ways been a puzzle to the citizens why
after each ward has been given a rep
resentative on the board it should be
considered necessary to elect four
Councilmen "at large." Exactly the
same condition prevails with the
Board of Education. Mr. Rowe believes
that seven Councilmen should be elect
ed and should be paid a salary that
would enable them to give all their
time to the city.
They would have charge of the po
lice and fire departments and street
department, and do away with the
present peculiarly situated Board of
Public Works and police and fire com
missions.
City Engineer Clement favors the
plan, declaring it is nonsense to have
an engineer in a city where his office
is as busy as it Is in Oakland ham
pered with police and fire business.
He does not believe that an engineer
should have to pass upon the samples
of lead pencils used in the public
schools or be bothered with applicants
for places on the city departments.
There are many other intricacies that
have been crying for a new charter to
remedy them for years, but the first
business will be to select able Free
holders sufficiently conversant with the
present evils of city government to
frame a practical and honest charter.
BROWN ROASTS
EASTERN COLLEGES
Says That Athletics at Yale
and Princeton Are Dis
gusting.
Berkeley's Truck Team of 1898 Or
ganized With Great En
thusiasm.
BERKELEY, Jan. 21.— The University j
of California track athletic team of IS9B i
was organized with great enthusiasm this j
morning, seventy-five athletes signing the
training list. Work will probably begin ;
next week in the gymnasium and on the
track.
Track Captain E. J. Brown, who recent
ly returned from the East after secur
ing a football coach for the coming year,
related his impression of athletics in the
East.
"It is absolutely disgusting," he said,
"the way athletics are conducted In the
Eastern colleges. Yale football players
boasted to me that they had never at
tended a single university recitation. At
I Enamel me I
I *The Modem STOVE POLISH. I
■ C Prodnces a JET BLACK enamel gloss. Dustless, Odorless, Labor B
B Saving. 5 and 1 o cent boxes. Try it on your Cycle Chain. H
«1 J. L. PRESCOTT A, CO., NEW YORK. »
Princeton, methods are just as bad. Penn
sylvania recruits her football team with
candidates of every kind from country
blacksmiths to New York policemen. Let
us hopo that we will no longer have 'Yale'
and the Eastern colleges held up before
us as models.
"The University of California Is not
such a freshwater college as some think.
Our system of track athletic training,
much as It has been ridiculed by some, '
is being copied by aii the big colleges of j
the country. Tf our athletes will work, j
and work together, I am absolutely sure !
that we will defeat Stanford on the track.
What we want is men, and we must have
at least 150 candidates out on the track."
Track Manager Melville Dozier. Harry
B. Torrey. Trainer Al Lean and Professor
George C. Edwards also spoke. "We lost
the football game last Thanksgiving
day," said Professor Edwards, "because
our boys didn't know football. We won
on the track last year because we had
the proper system of training. 'Let us
keep up this tradition and we will win
again."
CLASSES CHOOSE OFFICERS
J. W. Leggett Elected Senior Pres
ident and Percy Hall Chosen
President of '99.
BERKELEY. Jan. 21.— The senior class
to-day elected as president of the class '
Joseph W. Leggett, a student in the col
lege of letters. The new president is a
member of the executive committee of
the Associated Students and of the Ocd
dental editorial staff. The other officers
of the class are as follows: First vice
president; W. B. Hoag: second vice-presi
dent. Miss S. G. Clark; secretary. Miss
Ruth Atterbury; treasurer, C. M. Dicker
son ; assistant treasurer. Miss V. A. Duf
ficy; executive committee, F. L. McKen
ney, J. E. McGuire, C. A. Smith. F. R.
Fairchild and A. H. Allen.
Percy Hall was elected president of the
junior class at its meeting this morning.
Miss Elizabeth Rothermel was elected
first vice-president and W. McCloud was
chosen treasurer. A number of nomina
tions were made for the other offices.
The election will he held next week.
Fred \V. Dorety was chosen president
of the snphnmnre class. The other offi
cers elected WtlH ;is follows: First vice
president. J. Hoffman; second vice-presi
dent. Miss C. Henley; secretary, Robert
Belcher; treasurer. R. Hazeltine; assist
ant treasurer. Miss L.. M. Macaulay;
track captain. W. C Drum; baseball cap
tain. H. <\ Fielding.
The freshman also met to select officers.
C. D. <'obb and J. Li. Goldsmith were
nominated for president. The remaining
offices were filled as follows: First vice
president, Miss R. R. Morse: second vice
president. Miss R. Cullen: secretary, M.
H. Schwartz: treasurer. Miss F. Barnard;
sorgcant-at-arms, N. G. Guiberson; ex
ecutive committee. L. H. Harvey, J. A.
Morgan. Miss E. T. Owen, E. M. Hecht
and R. W. Tully.
Berkeley News Notes
BERKELEY. Jan. 21.— The university
will be represented in the jubilee parade
Monday by Repents John E. Budd, C. M.
Chase. E. A. Denicke, J. F. Hougrhton, C.
W. Slack. Martin Kellogg, Arthur
Rodgers and Samuel T. Black.
Professor Frank Soule has arranged
for a series of lectures on Thursday af
ternoons for the engineering students at
the university. Next Thursday at 3:45
p. m. G. W. Percy of San Francisco will
speak on "The Foundations of Modern
Large Buildings on Difficult Grounds."
Later in the term there will be addresses
by John D. Isaacs of the Southern Pa
cific Company and \V. W. Story Jr. of the
Valley Railroad Company.
Charles L. Gilbert and Miss Delia Whit
tall, both prominent young people of
Berkeley, were married in Oakland last
night.
Tbe Lawyers Won.
BERKELEY, Jan. 21.— The first annual
debate between the Students' Congress of
the University of California and the Has- :
tings Debating Society, held this evening !
at Stiles Hall before a large audience, re
sulted in a victory for the iaw college de
baters, who argued in favor of the adop
tion of the single tax.
The question for debatewas: "Resolved,
That the revenue of the United States i
Government should be raised exclusively
by a tax on land values."
The affirmative was taken by the Has
tings Tubaiirp Society, which was repre
sented by 1... M. Crowell. Edward Lee
Payne and Charles C. Conn. The Stu
dents' Congress was represented by J.
Milton Mannon. Charles M. Bufford and
Charles E. Thomas, who argued for the
negative. The judges were Professor
William Carey Jones, Dr. Louis T.
Hengstler, Dr. Kendrick C. Babcock, of
the University of California.
To Help Sacred Heart.
OAKLAND, Jan. 21.— At a meeting of
the Sacred Heart Church Rebuilding
Committee, a large number of the offi
cers of the various Catholic fraternal and
social organizations were present, and it
was decided that all the societies in Oak
land should join forces in a grand cele
bration on Washington's birthday.
The following committee was then ap
pointed by the chair to act as a finance
committee: R. Hammond. Y. M. I. No. 6.
chairman; Mr. Harrington, St. P. A. No.
16, secretary: F. Realy, Y. M. I. No 8.
J. McOinnis, Y. M. 1. No. 31: P. J. Ryan.
St. P. A. No. 5: Mr. Peters, C. K. of A.
Xn. 207; D. Leach. C. K. of A. No. 297; B.
MrManus. A. O. H.
A meeting was called for Wednesday
evening, January 2f>, at Y. M. I. Hall. The
officers of the various Catholic societies
are asked to be present at this meeting.
"Must Have Been /Vsleep."
OAKLAND. Jan. 21.— George Ryan, ar
rested for throwing stones at a Chinese
washhouse, could not be found in the
City Prison last night when his father
called to bail him out. This morning he
appeared in the court with others, saying
NEW TO-DAY.
that he must have been asleep when the
officer looked for him. His father Is very
Indignant and threatens to make trouble
for some one.
WARRANT FOR DON COHEN.
Charged With Battery Upon a
Woodchopper Who Was Word
ing for the City.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 21.— A warrant was
sworn out this afternoon for the arrest of
Don Cohen, one of the sons of the late
A. A. Cohen, on a charge of assaulting
one Q. Andrada, a poor woodchopper em
ployed by the city. Some time ago the
city trustees directed that the eucalyptus
trees on Lincoln avenue in front of the
Cohen property be removed in conformity
with the general ordinance governing
such matters. The Cohens resisted the
order by legal proceedings, but were de
feated in the courts. Then the board no
tified the Cohens to remove the trees,
modifying the order, however, by saying
that if twenty feet were taken off the tops
it would be sufficient. No attention was
paid to the matter, and after due time
Street Superintendent Frodden was in
structed to remove them. He employed a
woodchopper named Q. Andrada to d"o the
work, Riving him in return therefor the
wood in the trees in lieu of coin wages.
Andrada cut the trees and corded up the
wood all ready for removal. Just then
Don Cohen came with a team and pro
ceeded to load up the wood and cart it off
to his own house. Andrada protested to
no avail and then sought advice from the
City Attorney. He then returned to the
wood and sat down on the pile. Cohen
continued to load it up in the wagon, and
when he reached Andrada the assault oc
curred for which the warrant for Cohen's
arrest was issued by Justice Morris.
Street Paving Contract Stopped.
OAKLAND. Jan. 21.— Superintendent of
Streets Miller stopped the work of the
contractors on East Twelfth street this
morning because they were not comply
ing with the specifications. It will delay
matters for only a short time. The curb
ing is to be of granite, dressed for six
inches on the street side, and two on
the sidewalk side, but the curbing being
placed in is not dressed at all.
NEW TO-DAY.
The only genuine Hunyadi Water.
UtinyaSiJanos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER
-FOR
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA,
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lancet.
"Speedy, sure, gentle." EritUhMedicalJourna'.
CAUTION: See that the label
hears the signature of tlie firm
Andreas Saxlehner.
tvi.it DR. JORDAN'S G ™>* 1
jfUft Museum of Anatomy
Jp|flll 1051 HABSI7 ST. bet. 6*14 7th, S.F.CiL
A S B The I.»rg?*tof its kin Jin World.
I ,%S|\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
IPvW I Con«nlta:ioa free. ICrtta for Hook
W ( f Philosophy of Marriage.
h U * ; :"." .. MAILED FRCr. '
aDr.JGribbon's Dispensary,
fi2oKEABSTST. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyandxnind and
Skin Diseases. The doctorciires when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
4'ureN guaranteed. Callorwrlte.
Or. .1. F. (.IBBOX. Rax. »957.5 an Fraoclsco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steam*™ leave Broadway wharf ASSIA*
Ban Francisco, as follows: JESSES
For ports In Alaska, 9 a. m.. Jan. 1, 8, 11, 11.
21. 26, 31. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town.
eend. Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortea and
New Whatcom (Bellingham Bay. Wash.). 9
a. m., Jan. 1, 6, 11, 16, 21, 26. SI. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver
with C. P. Ry.. at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at
Seattle with Great Northern Ry., and com-
pany's steamer for Alaska.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Po-
mona, 2 p. m., Jan. 1. 5, 10, 14. 18, 22. 28, 31.
Feb. 4, 8, 12. 16, 20. 25, 29.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, C«-
yucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavi-
ota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San
Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a.m.. Jan. 1, 5. 9. 13. 17. 21. 23. 29.
and every. fourth day thereafter. . .
For San Diego, stopping; only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m.. Jan. 3, 7. 11. 15. 19, 23, 27. SI, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada,' Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia and Guaymas (Men.), 10 a. m.. Jan. 6 and
td of each month thereafter. .---
The Company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hour* of FBllina-.
TICKET OFFICE— Palace Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery st. ■ -
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Arts. ;
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FABF *12 First Class Including Berth
lAHL. 98 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California ...Jan. 23, Feb. 2, 12, 23
Columbia.... .Jan. 28, Feb. 7, 17, 2;
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR. Genera! Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. <■=»»•
. Superintendents. .
®NSPfilßBflU SS - AUSTRALIA,
l»DH|r for HONOLULU onlr
frnSHII Tuesday, Jan. 26. at
y~^> — ■Ip. m. Special party
SiMflSfllD^ "The S,S. ALAMEDA
(yiUJIIUIIiy Fa tis via HONOLt-
tntt\f\WU~ M" f" 1 *TTOKT.\ND
for - SYDNEY. Thurs-
■ day, Feb. 3, at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPS
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SFRECKELS ft BROS. CO.. Agent*.
114 Montgomery Street.
Freight Office— 327 Market st- San Francl»oo.
Compapie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre. :''
Company's Pier (new;, iz .North -«-Qa»
River, foot of Z orton st. Travelers 4?irr?Tr\
by this line avoid both transit by «JH«£*s-s
English railway ocd the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Kgypt, via i'trla, first class $160,
second class $116.
LA BRETAGNE... December 11. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOONE December 18. 10 a. m. s
LA NORMANDIE! ....December 25. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE January 1. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE .:.... January 8. 10 a. in
For further particulars apply to
"A. FORGET. Agent.
No. 3. Bowling Green, New Tor*.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. •
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St., at 6
p. m. Daily.
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
Ing through freight rates to all polata on tb«
Valley Railroad.
STEAMERS:
T. C. WALKER. J. D. PETERS.
MARY GARRATT, CITY OF STOCKTON.
Telephone Me.in 805 Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer " Monticello."
Mon.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and 5at..........
X:4B a. m. and 3:15 p. m. (9 p. m. ex. Thura.)
Fridays ...............1 p. m., 9 p. m.
Bur-days ...... ..........10:30 a. . m. : and 8 p. to.
Landing and . Offices — Mission Dock. Pier J.
Telephone Green ESI. : -.--..
For Sao Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
••= Steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 dally (Sunday*
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso dally (Saturday*
ezceptcd) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare . between San Francisco and . Alviso. 50c:
to San Jose. 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. ,41 Nortfc
First street. San Jose. .
1112
BUCK MASSIE
HAD HIS SPEED
Ran Circles Around Ostler
Joe, The Roman and
Tom Cromwell.
May W Again Administered
Sound Drubbing to Tea
Rose JII.
Conley In Front With Our Climate at
Good Odds — Favorites First on
Three Occasions.
At last, It would seem, Buck Massle
is himself again and yesterday treated
racegoers at Oakland to an exhibition
of speed in the mile and sixteenth that
made him a dreaded one In th© stake
division a year or so ago. The condi
tions allowed him in at 114 pounds and
the generous price of 9 to 10 was pro
curable about him. The Roman, asked
to carry equal weights with Murphy's
brown horse, was second choice In the
betting and again demonstrated that
105 pounds suits him much better. The
track was deep and slow, but it didn't
matter to Buck. "Skeets" Martin al
lowed him to step along out in front,
and he won with his tongue hanging
out in 1:48. Ostler Joe. considering the
fact that he carried 117 pounds, ran a
splendid race, leading The Roman out
fcrr the place. From this time on it
looks as though, barring accidents, the
Hanover horse would take a whole lot
of beating. Tom Cromwell, the only
other starter, was never a contender.
Aside from this event the sport was
very ordinary. Favorites divided hon
ors with longer-priced ones in the bet
ting, carrying off three purses.
It looks very much as though the
fleet Calgary mare May W had the "In
jun sign" on Tea Rose. They came to
gether again in the last race of the day.
a five and a half furlong dash, and
leading from the start May "W, with
Eddie Jrmes in the saddle, won with ap
parent ease. To be* sure. Tea Rose,
who_JH'as a slight favorite in the ring,
did not get away from the post as well
as usual and was unfortunate In get
ting pocketed, but from the general
complexion of the race she could
hardly have reversed the decision. I
Don't Know ran a clever race, finish
ing in the show.
Zamar seems to have regained all tf
his old-time speed' that a year ago, or
more, made him the iron-plated wonder
of the selling plater division. He was
one of eight starters in the opening .six
furlong sprint and was courted by
nearly all of the exclusive set, going
to the post equal choice with Official.
Conlpy got him away in the lead and
under restraint all the way, won easily
from Oaliente, the third choice. Official,
outfoot«»d fmm the jump, was third.
Aquinas was made a 3 to 2 favorite
for the seven-furlong run and failed to
finish among the first three. Spenr-^r
FPt sail out in front with Judge Stouf
fer, a 2." to l shot, and was never head
ed, winning handily from Kamsin.
•which horse made a good run from the
rear. T,ost C"irl secured show honors.
The favorite managed to win the mile
polling event, hut not until she had
been given a hard argument by both
Fashion Plate and Serena. The for
mer siftpfl along out in the lead until
a furlong from the stand, where Thorpe
took the lead with the favorite and
looked to he winning cleverly, when
dray brought Ren»na up -with a rush,
nnd Thorpe was compelled to ride out
to win by a length.
The mile and a quarter was made an
pnd-to-end affair by Conley astride Our
ciimato. cirryinp T>an Honig's colors.
The son of St. Carlo galloped In the
l«ad al! the way. and at the wire
dnv-nrri Rufalba without much effort.
Cromwell was th-> poet favorite, but
little Kiley was unable to finish better
than third. The winner, at one time
IS to 1 in the betting, was played down
to 6 and 8.
TRACK ITEWS.
Tommy Griffin concluded that Tom Cromwell
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CAC A V F £ RN A£ JOCKEY CLUB— Oakland Track— Seventy-first day
fine Track*T er Meeting. Friday. January 21, 1898. Weather
4TO« FIRST RACE — Sir furlongs: selling;
upward; purse, S3OO.
♦85 Zamar II 4 106 1 ... 11% n» 12% 12% IConley ....
"i n*« le , nt c',e ', 112 2 — * n sh 8 2 2h H. Martin.
3.4 Official, 3 9414 ... Z\ 2 2 2n 3 3 Gray
- %*??'£ ■■■■; 109 5 ... 3% 6 2 52 4 7 E. Jones.
13« M , a ie O> E 11l 3 ... 6 % 8 7 2 6% McHußh ..
4 ij IKor r-o „94 « ... 7 2 6% (1« Sh OawsSn ..
424 Towanda. » S3! 8 ... 8 7 n 8 8 Meaney ..
■nro Tin l e> .i 1:15% " Winner, D. A. Hontg-s b. •;. by St. Carlo-Imp. Royal Bees.
'iir_;;i
Martin !
V !
Jones .....
*ncer
TJ,. ™W
— )
2 11-5
1 3 13-5
5-2 11-5
30 40
15 30
60 100
10 10
I 30 60
Good start.
2 11-5
3 13-5
5-2 11-5
30 40
15 30
60 100
1" 10
30 60
Hugh !
iwson
aney
471.
SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four- year-olds and upward; purse, J350.
453 .Tijoetp Rtonffer, 4... 103 3
455 Kamsin. 5 104 2
43S Lost Girl. 4 % 8
456 Aquinas. 4 104 1
455 Major Cook, 6 104 4
456 Polish, 4 104 9
43S Little Singer, 4 96 6
435 Walter J. 5... ..107 7
457 Sardou. 4.... 107 5
455 Howard, a 104 10
1 3%
9 2
4 a
3 2
2 h
6 h
8 n
6 2
7 h
10
11.28
7 IV4
* 14
2 h
3 2
I 1
8 h
6 «i
9 H
10
1 2
6 3%
4 1%
2 h
3 2
6 '4
7 h
5 h
10
9 2
12%
5 1
* H
3%
2%
6 4
7 1%
5 h
10
9 n
1 1% (Spencer
2 1% Conley
3 n McNlchols ...
44% H. Martin....
5 1 Jones ;..
6 8 - Clawson
7 6 Downs
8 h McDonald ...
9 1 |Holmes
10 !Runn j
15 15
4 5
10 10
7-5 3-2
7 10
6*5
50 100
15 20
100 inn
30 30
Tt-JTTT i? :V ' Wi " r -<-. F. Phillips & Co.'s eh. g. by Cassatt-Brlgand Girl.
I «w ail
Good start.
472.
THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds ard upward; purse. $400.
414 Phasta Water, 4 104
42t rtrrrsn. s 101
(430) Fashion Plate. 4.... 97'
442 Dmble Quick. 5....110J
47.0 lypna. 4 94
411 Lorena 11, 5 101
462 NiMvasatherer, 4 ...106
2
6
1
3
4
7
h
2 h
6 1
1 IV.
3 1
4 h
6 1
7
8 3*
6 1
lltt
2 h
4 %
6 h
3 4
1 1H
2 h
4 h
7
6
2 h
6 S
114
3 3
4 h
fin
7
1 1
2%
3 6
4 3
5 10
6 1
iiurpe j
ray
lawson I
:. Martin ...
6-5 1
10 7
7-2 18-2
4 4
10 30
25 60
7 15
loCarthy
icDonald
Woods
Time. 1:42. Winner. Bums & Wat«rhouse's b. m.
start. \\ on first three driving.
4T3. Fr^ TH RACE-One and a sixteenth miles; 1
~ % tF» $500.
br imp.
four-year-o
Maxim-Tyranny.
)lds and upward; 1
purse.
four-year-olds and upward; purse.
(455) Buck Masule. 6 114! 1 15 12 14
(4fi» Ostler Joe, 5 119] 2 !U IK 2 1%
■ (581) The Roman. 4 114 4 3ns 3h 3H
443 Tom Cromwell. 5...103J 34 4.4
Time, 1:48. Winner, J. M. Murphy's br. h by
easily. .
1
3
16
2*
3 ns
4
1 2
iK
3 h
4
1 4 *■ "
2 m
3>4
.1
1 8% 15 H.
. 2 1% 2 8 Tv
3 % 310 W.
4 4 Til
Hanover-Trlana,
18H
2 1%
3%
15
2R
3 10
4
. Martin ... 4-1
utx>rvllle ...| I
". Martin .. 11-:
horpe I 1
Good start.
»u.ni n ...
ervllle ...
Martin ..
6 S-10
8 7
-5 S
7
Won
9-10
7
7
rpe
474, F £jg, %£> CE^ ne and a qu » rter miles;
Index. Horses. Weight. |St. %m. Hm. ; «im
Belling;
St£
ir Climate. 5 1061 2
3^ Rwfalba. 4 10t| 3
• >m\vell. 5 I<W 6
37.1 Coupon 111, 4 104 1
... Rudolph, a 101 4
483 Wawona, a 106! 5
46S Outgo. 6 1061 9
V'?. Florimel, 4 39! 7
435 Mulberry, a ..lli| 8
1 n
6 m
2 2\i .
7 6*
94%9 4%
6 3
8 8
11
Bhi
■2 H •
3 2
7 6
5 314
8 1*
1 6 10
9
1 2
4 3
2 2%
3 24
7 2
I 2-/4
8 8
6 10
9
1 2*
3 2
2 2
4 3
"73
5 4
8 10
' 6 2%
9
1 2% !
2 ns
. 320
4 S
B 2 I
610 I
7 8 (
8 20
9
Jones
I'-y
«rpe
10 6
15 S
2 8-5
3 13-5
10 10
4 11-2
M M
SO 30
20 60
ay .........
Martin ...
n Kuren ..
Nichols ...
I] ,„►-
Hugh .....|
Time, 2:08%.
Won handily.
Winner. D. A. Honlg's b. g. by St. Carlo-Imp. Royal Bess. Good start.
475.
SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
; purse, I3GO.
(464)
419
446
459.
452
4.'S
I*o4 j jway w, 4...
419 Tea Rose 111,
446 I Don't Knot
459. Blarney Ston
452 Red Spinner.
4":< Hermoso ....
... Foremost, 6..
Time. 1:07%.
Won easily.
W. 4...". 2W 2
Rose 111, 4 101 3
>n't Know, a. . .17 4
ney Stone. 3... 9-4, 1
Spinner. 4 106;- 5
noso '| >'.
'most, 6 107] 7
w. a... 107 4 ... Sh 31 • ',1 36 ItS ::::::: '§ 1
le 3.. jMjJ ... I* H 4 8 4 4 Kr£3T ""II! 6 6
, 4.....106;-5 ... 6 h 612 610 6 1 . Spencer ' 100 200
•••"-■«i.' 2 — «m. »* .5* 615 |M?x?choi.:::i 20. io
■ ■■.... 1071 7 ... 7 7- 7 7 !Mlller__.....j 150 200
Winner, D. Cameron's h. m. by Imp. Eagle Plume-Frfola, Good start.
1 h
« 10
8 h
*s
7*
1%
4 h
3 1
6 3 •
6 12
14
2%
8 h
4 8
6 10
I*
114
27-
36
4 4 <
6 1.
6 IS
7
■was not a money-maker and disposed of him
to Dr. Rowell Ju*t before the fourth race was
called.
Plunger MoManus likes the get of the noted
stallion St. Carlo. Yesterday he purchased St.
Philip and Charles Leßel from Theodore Flgel,
paying 11100 for the pair.
Following are the weights for the Balboa
Boulevard Stakes, one mile, for three-year
olds, to be run Monday, January 21. at Ingle
slde: :gg3&&
■ Traverser 127 ! Prompto 103
Count of Flanders... 120 La Goleta 103
Fonsovannah 118 Marplot 102
Ed Gartland II US Linstock 102
Recreation 117 Dr. Marks 100
Oddson 118 Dally Racing Form. 100
St. Cuthbert 116 Mistleton 08
Morellito : 116 Prestar 98
Briar Hill 112, Miss Remsen 98
San Antonio 1 12 1 Aluminum 98
Colonel Dan Einstein 96
San Venado 11l' Ping 96
fit. Calatine no! San Carlos 35
Hohenlobe 110' Henry C 95
Maxello 110 Agnes Tobln 95
Napamax 109! Pong. 95
Official 109 j Darechota 95
Blarney Stone 10S I Approbation P2
Con Fianza 107 St. Philip 92
Highland Ball .. 106'CarllRt 92
Baracan 10:, Vivat Rex 92
Makawao 105 Royal Prize .C
Imperious 105 Cima 92
Stepabnut 10". i Louise Hooker 90
Imp. Missions 105; Notice Me 90
P.rnroe in.* Fusil po
Rosormonde 104' Morana 90
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
Following are to-day's entries:
Ftret Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olda.
4«5 Rosa 1071 465 Glenower 107
431 Mlstleton 122 IST Erolca 107
466 Loumont 102 434 Ablna 107
417 Dr. Marks US 457 Mlleslo VI
440 Chihuahua 104 467 Scintillate 101
466 P. A. Flnnegan.ll2 440 La Maroma ....117
322 Fallen Princessl^ Bfi? Bnipsey 107
462 Moringa 109 466 Prince Tyrant. .lM
413 Raveletta lU7
Second Race — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; selling.
46S Blue Bell 101 469 Twinkle T wink. 90
443 LI Hung Chang N 471 Little Singer .. 00
423 Roadwarmer ...10r> 457 Paso Tempo ... f>6
(453)D010re 100 (447) Magnus «?
46S Lucky Star .... 92 M 6 D. of York 11.. 102
446 Koenlgen 100 453 Rlcardo 100
445 Gotobed 38 1 441 Tenrlca 90
151 May R 100! 422 Captain Reee ..105
469 Gallant 95! ...Wasbern 102
446 D. J. Tobtn .... 92
Third Race— Three and a half furlongs: two
year-olds.
436 Rarlne Murphy. lP* 460 Rainier 105
... Banewor 11" 460 La Cnndisa ....MC
(460muena Ventura .lls 460 Magdalenes ....105
... Distance 118 ... Saintly US
40i Malay IDS' 460 Clarando 110
460 Limatus 105 460 Also Ran 10S
(For. Lomatus.)
Fourth Race— Shell Mound Handicap; $1000;
one mile; three-year-olds.
f4lß)Eddle Jones ...HI 452 San Purango .. 9R
(4R<OOatawha MS 461 Master Mariner 95
465 Flandes 100
Fifth Rare— Berkeley High-weight Handicap:
six furlongs; all ages.
336 Bellicoso 123 1 (4F:)Stepabout H>2
444 Rubicon 140 1 471 Kamsin 1:4
444 colonel Dan. ...11' 461 Mainstay 122
(47: > May W 124
Sixth Race— Seven furlongs: selling; three
year-olds and upward.
(349>Olive 1071 (448) The Dipper .... 90
4.'3 Imperious 87 40,* Myth IN
471 Lost Girl ?n O9 Merr-mio . ]*»
4*3 Chappie 92 46-, Benamfla ..
(44*.)Osrle II ms 423 Sea Spray 105
MSly 90 469 Peocadur 108
TO-DAY'S SELECTIONS.
First Race— Ravelette. Mistleton. Chihuahua.
Second Race— Lucky Star. LI Hung Chang.
Gotobed.
Third Race— Buena Ventura, Clarando. Mag
dalenee.
Fourth Race— Eddie Jones, Catawba. Flandes.
Fifth Race— Stepabout. Colonel Dan. May W.
Sixth Race— Benamela. Qgrlc 11. Imperious.
E. W. BUSHNELL WINS.
He Will Secure Payment Prom the
Rentor) Coal Company.
A decision rendered by the Supreme Court
yesterday will be of som.- fnterest to
people well known in this city and Ala
meda County. E. \V. Bushneil was for
eight years the president of the Renton
Coal Company, of which A. K. Simpson
was one of the largest sharehoHr-rs.
When he took that position he was to
have a salary of $150 per month. Evident
ly not being In straitened circum
stances Mr. Bushnell did not draw down
his salary regularly, and in this way a
large sum of money accumulated to his
credit. When the time came for the final
settlement there was a dispute between
him and Mr. Simpson, who claimed that
i.nrW a private arr.inprement between
hlm?e!f and the president the latter was
nnly to receive $100 per month and not
$15f>. as nt first np-reed.
Mr. Bushnell suod Mr. Simpson and
others for the sum of $4300. money which
he had left undr.twn in the hands of the
company, figuring at the rate of $150 per
month. He won in the, Superior Court
and the judgment was upheld by the
higher court, the justices claiming that
th<^ books do not show any record of the
$100 per mon'h proposition.
Asthma. Consumption. Hroncliltls cured. Dr,
Gordlns Sanitarium. 514 Pine. nr. Kearny, SF..CaI!
Not Malpractice.
Autopsy Surgeon Gn Hasher reported to
Coroner Hawkins yesterday that the
death of Mrs. Ida Hurliman, of 44 Third
street, was caused by pneumonia and
cirrhosis of the Hver. Tt had been stated
when the body of the deceased was
brought to the Morgue that death had
been caused by malpractice.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 22, 1898.
A NEW TRICK
OF FOOTPADS
How Thugs Ply Their
Nefarious Trade in
Dark Streets.
Gas Lamps Extinguished That
Their Purpose May Be
Accomplished.
Police Notified smd m Strict Watch
Will Bo Kept for L»»te
Pedestrians.
For the past few nights it has been
noticed that the street gas lamps have
been extinguished during the hours
between 1 and 3 o'clock in the morn-
Ing by unknown parties. This has espe
cially been the case on Ellis street, be
tween Jones and Larkln, where many
holdups and robberies have lately
taken place. A milkman whose name
Is kept secret has complained of many
scares within the past few nights, and
he claimed to have witnessed a daring
attempt at burglary the night previous
to his report.
Complaints have also been heard
from Halght street. In the district near
Octavia, and the police are in a quan
dary to account for the lights going
out. although it is thought desperate
characters do the act, that their plun
dering and robbery may be made the
easier thereby.
It is reported that the past few hold
ups In those districts have been ac
complished where no street lamps
burned, and the reason for the fact Is
about becoming plain to the Chief of
Police and detectives at the City Hall.
Just where the criminals who are still
at large will ptop Is a question for the
police to determine, but the general
public will undoubtedly be kept In a
nervous strain during the determina
tion.
IS SOL BERLINER
A KLONDIKE MINER?
Many of His Friends Say That
He Was Never in the
Yukon Region.
A Current Rumor That Ho Dealt
Faro In tho City of
Seattle.
Solomon Berliner Is thinking very seri
ously Just at present whether there Is any
true felicity In this vale of tears.
Solomon returned from Seattle two
•weeks ago and claims he lias been so
jouminp in the region of the Klondike.
This his friends stoutly deny, making no
Meret of their suspicions and telling
them freely to Berliner, and averring that
he was never In the Klondike, and no
farther north than a faro table at Seat
tle. This expressed unkindness on the
part of his friends has caused Sol no
end of trouble and hard rumination In
tryin-r to devise a lucid and graphic story
of his trip to the Yukon. In order to per
suade them that they are in the wrong.
But his efforts In this direction seem
fruitless, as his friends refuse to give
them the least credence.
When So! arrived in the city from the
north (how far north it is at present
difficult to Mate, as so many conflicting
stories are told hy his friends) he went
to one of the largest hotels in the city
whore he welcomed his friends with ail
the lavishness and apparent wealth of a
second Croesus. Expense with Sol at this
time seemed to be but a secondary con
sideration, and his friends claim that he
throw his money around t£» various col
ored bottles on the Baldwin sideboard
with a liberality seldom seen in this
quarter of the big hotel.
Since this night Solomon has found the
necessity of walking in the way of pru
and exercising strict economy and
consequently he has seldom been
around the lobby of the hotel since the
memorable night of free liquid refresh
ment.
Rumor has spread and reports have be
come current that Berliner, instead of be
ing the wealthy man that he posed, has
come down from Seattle with the- avowed
purpose of making money by selling
Klondike claims In tho interest "of others
thereby receiving a commission for his
services. This, however, he flatly denies
maintaining that he is down in the city
on a mission of love, and not on a matter
of business.
Sol Is a story teller, and no mean one
at that, and his glibness and eloquence in
telling an adventure are remarked upon
by his friends generally as being 1 truly
wonderful. But his enthusiasm In this
direction, so K. J. Wilbur says, seems to
have gained the mastery over his dis
cretion, as the story he tells in connec
tion- with a number of nuggets taken from
his claims In the Klondike falls wide of
the mark of carrying conviction with it
to the minds oT his friends, who claim
that he had these nuggets in h!s posses
sion before he left th.- city.
Through this little oversight regarding
the nuggets Mr. Berliner has been given
the laugh by his friends until life seems
almost a burden to him. Mr. Berliner has
found the immediate necessity of a return
to the north, and will leave the city early
next Tuesday morning.
COUNTERFEITER KENDALL.
His Preliminary Examination Con)
menced Before Judge
Conlan.
The preliminary examination of Gil
bert B. Kendall, alias Richard F. Kerby,
charged with having counterfeit tools
and counterfeit coin in his possession,
was commenced before Judge Conlan
yesterday morning.
Detective Dillon, one of the arresting
officers, was the first witness. He testi
fied to arresting the defendant in his
room, 434 Golden Gate avenue, and find
ing a number of counterfeit gold pieces,
molds, tools and other articles used in
the counterfeiting business in the room.
All the articles were produced in court
and identified by the witness.
Mrs. Kenny, the landlady of the house,
testified to renting the room to the de
fendant, who said his name was Kim
ball. When he took possession of the
room none of the articles produced in
court was in it. The defendant had pos
session of the room for about two weeks
and one time was absent for three or
four days.
Mrs. Anderson, 14 Turk street, testified
that the defendant engaged a room ut
her house and gave her a $5 gold piece in
payment and she gave him $4 in silver as
change. The gold piece was produced
and proved to be bogus. She positively
identified the defendant.
The further examination was then con
tinued till next Tuesday. Secret Agent
Harris was an Interested listener to the
proceedings.
The New Cold Fields.
In another column of the paper will
be found the notice of the expedition to
sail on April 25 to Kotzebue Sound
Captain B. Cogan of 44 East street wili
command in person the Al clipper bark
Alaska. The reports of the country
from the native Indians and the United
States Government officials show that
the country is full of gold. Two pros
pector* have Jupt arrived from this
new district with $30,000 in nuggets.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
2T_ Hamlln. Ogden Miss L Harris. Mercd
F C Brown. X V Mrs R Hauls. Mercd
E J Lowrey. Fresno S X Grllflth, Fresno
C H Mitchell, Mich <: M Foote. Hollister
HP Andrews. Red Blf \V L Dunn, Rio Vista
2 J»agle & W. Sacto R Wyllie, Oakland
Miss M Qaynes, Sacto F L Thomas, Oaklnd
§,' Casey, Sacto i C L Pierce. Oakland
w B Buckner, HanfdiC Stark, Sta Barbara
J Murphy. Hanf ord ■ , E Valentine, Fresno
i % r.L Dewey, Toledo A Albrecht. Fresno
J Eddy, Oregon j A Falk. Santa Paula
F B Brown, Sllverton II EdwarS. San Jose
S Morrison, Colo Spgs H H Blood. Xcv
S aterhouse. Placrv .1 Ankrown, Cinn
« Barnar, London H Williams, Boston
Mrs B F Martin. Cal Mrs Harris. N V
Mrs F Kyle. Boston Miss Harris. N T
§ }• Is " am. S Jose D Ballou & w, S L O
*'» Jackson. Oaklnd C A Phillips &w. Sao
J A Renter. Portld.Or Mrs Runyon. Sacto
\ L Starr, Portld, Or E E Carfleld. Chico
i, A Lacy, Skaguay I A T Lee, Angels
* L Cranflll. Medford W C Good, Sta Rosa
G F Mcßride. Etna j Miss Good, Sta I Rosa
Dr de Bar&w. Jacksn' E J Rule. Dncns Mill
J* urton ' Sacto R A Blair. Sacto
T Dillon. Columbia |H A Gerald. Los Ang
H T\ llson, Seattle I S Richardson, Ttilare
E ilUamson, Seattle J Anderson, R»dlands
L M■< ..,-. Red Blurt J D McXab. Riversde
E J Moffat. Berkeley C V Sexton. Los Ang
•airs fa Hartman. Merc I G W Hartman, Mercd
PALACE HOTEL.
, D Bosque. Bodie . Mrs Cohn, Omaha
A -Si ...make, . - a i II Brandeis, Omatia
|J M Sorzano Jr. XT FA Cutler. S Rosa
O T-ftenlade, St Jago Mrs McNeil, S Crur
g Travis. s Jose C R Allen, S Jose
F V Fisher, S Bemdno Mrs Allen. S Jose
Mrs McLaußhlin S Crz Miss Allen, S Jose
Miss McLaughlln. SCrFA West. Stockton
'' Bramhall, Japan U S Grant, S Diego
F R Bl.unt, N V Mrs Grant, S Diego
Mrs Fisher. S Berndno Miss Potter, S Diego
MeG Bundy. Mich T J Field. Monterey
H Haas. Hamburg C Henne, L An*
;v; v Hazard. Buffalo J G Darden. M V
A Hllderbrand. NT N Bowden. S Jose
J H Ankrom. Clnn H- Murphy, Omaha
Mrs Hazard, Buffalo .1 R Patton, S Jose
S M iN(l(1(>i N(l(1(> - L Ang R P Lane, Stockton
G F Womrath. NY !J! J E Budd. Stockton
A \Y Edelman. L An? S H Rucker. 8 Jose
5 C 11 ' *' Cleveland C A Mentrey. Newhall
F E Drake, Chicago U H Henry. S Joee
D T Davis, Wash Mrs Henry. S Jose
C J Sharon. Wash Miss Henry, S Jose
F Sutherland. OroviHe Master Henry. S Jose
Mrs Sharon, Nevada Miss Holmes, Stanford
C H Colburn. Nevada iff T Jeter. S Cruz
H Brown. NY A Bergwin. Chicago
I Mrs Brown, N V Mrs Bergwin. Chicago
H Cohn. Omaha A L Williams. Cal
LICK HOUSE.
J E Henry. Sacto T Stilwell. Petaluma
A M Horton. Denvpj V Babcock, Walla W
F R Wehe. Downievl 'rs Berg. Marysville
Master Van Wehe.Dl tiss A Berg. Marysvl
H Q Stilwpll. Petaln Mifs Toombs. Marysv
I> Evans, Eureka Mrs Williams, Maryv
L R Klrby, S Diego I D Williams, Maryv
L, Fair, Ogden Mrs M Karr, Marysv
J M Anderson, Boise Miss A Karr, Marysv
Mrs Elge. Los Ang F. 7 Martin. Fortuna
J Flnnell Jr. Tehama P W Ross. Los An?
Mrs Flnnell, Tehama H Tupper & s, Fresno
A N Moares& w.Salm W A Rucker. Fresno
J C Hudner. Hollister X Willis. Fresno
J McDougall&w. Stck E S Harris & vr. Cal
R L Paine. Mariposa C Ward & w. Grb Glc
Miss Paine. Marlposal W S Loakard. Astria
Mrs M E Knox. Cal W S Gunn. Sonora
R Menzies, S Rafael A Colby. Sonora
BALDWIN HOTEL.
; T A Boudrean. Model "I Richards. San Diego
J D McDonald. U 3 ■ N A Schilling, Portld
j J W Chisholm, Chlcap I E Cat*. Chicago
( R H Marshall. St Pan; H W Aldls. X V
J M Tooke, Denver W A Newton. Chicago
W II Cole. Ne* Tork H C Shaw. Stockton
; D Cole. New York F Green, Fresno
I PI«I. Gra^s Valley W L Spencer. N T
S H Tacy A: w, Chlcas T .T Duffy. New York
L Pierce, sSulsun It II Kennedy & f, Co!
P Rail, San Jose Prof W Mallory. Stock
j F Johnson, Xapa A H Wilson & w, N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
i Mrs Starblrd, Sacto Miss E Smith. Stkn
O H Stott. Portland H E Herman, Mont
M McHendrlf&s, Boise A 'Y>hen. Sacto
J B Dennef&w. B C N II Hunt Salt Lake
H Van der Wettern. 'I. Ghisofil, Fresno
' Bmilclin Island J Carlson, Llvermore
II Helllnger, Montana R Smith. Cal
P McKenzle. Stockton C M Boyle. S Jose
H Cook, Courtland J Roberts. Rodeo
T F Murray, Sacto Mr? Decker. Bakersfld
J R Wai 11s. S Jose J Wlckman, Wash
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BISINESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 6*J Montgomery street,
UUt—l Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; opta until 9:30 o'clock,
i 621 McAllister strt-et; open until 9:30 p. m.
I 61") Larkln street: opa* until 9:30 o'clock.
B.W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets;
I open until 9 o'clock.
r 10« Eleventh str.-^' : open until I o'clock.
M.Hslon street, opon until 9 o'clopk.
UN Folk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N.W. corner Tw-'nty-second and Kentucky
Btreots: open till I o'clock.
niMM'II NOTICES.
FIRST I'nlted Presbyterian Church. Cor. Gol-
den Gate aye. and Polk St.— M. W. Gibson,
pastor. Services. 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. ;
Yninc people's service. 6:3'> p. m. : pastor will
preach both morning and evening; subject
for morning. "They Could Not Because They
WiuM Not Enter"; subject for evening, "Get
Ip and (}o Forward."
Ml 1.1 IM. NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. < *-^
T.. Masonic Temple, Post and Mont- ]•¥]
gomery sts.— Special assembly THIS iU
(SATURDAY") EVENING, at 7:30
o'clock fifl.-r of the Temple. All fratera
are courte-'usly invited.
SIR John P. FRASER. Em. Com.
STR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
TERBA RUKNA LODGE OF PERFEC-
tl-m No. I— Regular meeting THIS *W*
(FRIDAY) EVENING. January 21. at A
8 o'clock. D. tt. JtSL
GEORGE J. HOBE. Secretary. «SS»
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2. <^Si^>
I. O. O. F.— Regular meeting £$*sr*s?xZ.
THIS EVENING. Third degree -i^SßJs^
will be conferred. • swiff?*'
A. K. KINGSFORD. D. M.
A. 6. H. of A.— Attentloji— To officers avj^>s
ard members: You aro hereby nr- \T g
fared to arsemble at Hibernia Hall. %. «
120 Ninth St.. on NEXT MONDAY. cCW»
the 24th inst.. at 9 o'clock sharp. S"%S
to report with your respective divisions to
P. J. McCormlck, marshal of Celtic divi-
sion, thence to march to position in line at
I>rumm and Market sts. The division will
leave Ninth and Market ft*, at 9:15 sharp,
accompanied by K. R. B. Rifles. Be prompt
and Invite your friends. Fines for non-at-
tendance will be strictly enforced. By order
P. J. MrCORMICK. C. P.
E. J. HANNON. Cor. Sec.
erris»s which will be hf>M at Woo Iward's
Pavilion on MONDAY. January 24. next. In
the event of Us being a rainy Aay, ure re-
quested to mret at Pioneer Hall at 1 o'clock
p. m. Carriages will be provided to take you
to th" pavilion. J. I. SPEAR. Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of Seven Pines Cir-
cle No. 3. Ladles of the G. A. R.— Sisters:
You are earnestly requested to attend the
funeral of our late sister. MARGARET C.
TRUE, from Native Sons' Hall. By order.
ANGIE AYREB, President.
M. J. GRIFFITH. Secretary.
Masonic Cemetery Association— The annual
meeting of lot-r.wners in the Masonic feme-
Ury will be held at the Masonic Temple
TUESDAY AFTERNOON. February 1. isss,
ai 2 o'clock, for the election of three trustees
nnrl such business as may legally come be-
fore it. GEORGE J. HOBE. Secretary.
NOTICE of meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of The Nevada Na-
tional Bank of San Francisco will be held
nt Its hanking office, SOl Montgomery St.. San
Francisco. Cal.. on MONDAY, the twenty-
first (21st) day of February. 1593. at S:l5
Bfcioeii i>. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of nirfctors to serve during the en-
suing year, and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. D. B. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
San Francisco. January 20. 1898.
THE regular annual meeting of the Stock-
holders of The National Ice Company will be
held at the office of the company. BJ7 Mar-
ket street. Kan Francisco. Cal.. on WEDNES-
DAY, the 2d day of February. IS9B, at the
h iur r.f U o'clock a. m . for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
ensuing year, and the transaction of such
01 her business as may come before the meet-
ing. J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 60. postage
free.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The W T eekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Tnlon Iron Works will be held at the office
of the company. 222 Market St.. San Fran-
cisco, on TUESDAY. January 25. 1898. at 11:30
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
J. 08. GUNN. Secretary.
Office. 525 Market st., San Francisco. Cal.
January 10 IS 1 "!.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THEY are closing out remnants of curtains,
dress goods, shoes, corsets, hosier}", under-
wear, bedspreads, towels, laces, linings, trim-
ming, veilings, etc., very cheap at Pioneer
I'ry Goods Store, 106 Fourth st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
cty or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., Ui ilocigomerj at..* room •; tel. 6680.
SPECIAL NOTlCES— Continued.
MRS. DR. FISH, rm. 3. 116 A Grant aye.; elec-
trician; alcohol, Turkish baths; unrivaled.
JNO. HULTHEN. electro-magnetic massage
treatments; alcohol baths. S Mason st.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
ROOMS whitened from $1 and papered $2 60 up.
239 Third st.
MRS. STEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120 Vi Geary st.. room 11.
ROOM Renting Bureau, room 24. Flood build-
ing, cor. Fourth st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
REFINED German nurse desires situation or
would do upstairs work; $15; references.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundress desires situ-
ation; beat references; city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT, capable German girt desires situation
at housework or as nurse; $10 to $15; refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
THOROUGHLY competent Scotch waitress and
chambermaid desires situation; good refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
COLORED cook desires situation; best refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
EXPERIENCED woman wishes situation;
first-class American cook; thoroughly under-
stands her work in all Its branches; best
city references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
COLORED cook, best of references, desires a
situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 318 Sutter.
WANTED— Situation as nurse and oompanlon
to Invalid; best of references; no objection
to country, or would travel. Address M. D..
2103 Pine St.
YOUNG woman wishes a situation to do oook-
lng and general housework; willing, reli-
able; wages $25. Box 6?2, Call Office.
RESPECTABLE German widow, aged 88. with
one child, wishes steady situation to do
housework or aa housekeeper; small wages.
Box 685. Call Office.
SEAMSTRESS wishes to go out by the day
or do mending for family, or will act as
companion or housekeeper; no trlflera. 828
Geary st.
GERMAN lady wishes position a* com-
panion; good dressmaker: no objection to
traveling. Address A. G., P. O. box 100.
station F, city.
NEAT, respectable young girl would like a
plac«- to do light housework; sleep home; is
willing. Address H. H.. Call office branch.
Sixteenth and Mission sts.
THOROUGHLY competent middle-aged Scan-
dlnavlnn woman wants a position as work-
ine housekeeper; good references. Address
17*4 Sumner St.. off Howard, bet. 7th and Sin.
GERMAN woman wishes place as house-
keeper; city or country. Address 714 Linden
rt.. West Oakland.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. 27
Bru«*e place, off Harrison aye.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day or
week washing or ironing. Address box 690,
Call Office.
WANTED— Situation as second girl or to mind
children. Call or address 116 Eighth st.
SCHOOLGIRL about 14 to assist In light house-
work. 10 Hyde pt.
MIDDLE-AGED woman: good all-around
Worker; any respectable Job or any wages.
AlMrw 10G 1 - Third St.. room 7.
MIDDLE-AGED American lady wishes a posi-
tion as housekeeper. Call or address in.ii
Natoma st.
GERMAN girl wants position downstairs
work and cooking or general housework:
wages $25. 65 Zoe st.. bet. Third & Fourth
SCANDINAVIAN widow (speaks English)
wants situation In small family where she
may have home with her two small chil-
dren; wages nominal. Address box 368, Call.
GERMAN girl, between 80 and 25. as waitress
in American family; wages $20: city refer-
ences required. Call between S and 12 a. m.,
2:.!>> Pacific aye.
SITt'ATION wanted by a young German
wonaa for upstairs work; no postals. 9
Minna st., down stairs.
SV.'ISS pirl desires situation in private fam-
ily where she could learn English. Please
address E. X.. 1309 Stockton st.
WANTED— Work by the day: any kind of
housework; good laundress: $1 per day and
car fare. MRS. M.. 12414 Market, near 9th.
LAI»Y wants position as working housekeeper
and board her son. Box 675, Call office.
SWEDISH girl wants place for housework and
plain cooking: wages $2n. Address 151' i Clara.
TWO ladies wish positions to keep house. Ad-
dress A. W.. room 1, 514 Bu.ih at.
STRONG young woman wishes chamber work
or place as J&nltress. Box. 6SO. Call office.
WOMAN with child 3 years old desires situa-
tion to do housework or assist: good cook;
reference; city; widowers or bachelors need
not apply. ISIS Bush st.
SWEDISH girl wants to go out by the day.
washing and Inning. 217 C Colllngwood St.,
between Nineteenth and Twentieth.
TWO young German girls want situations to
do general housework; plain cooking. 243
Second St.. upstairs.
YOUNG German girl wants a position at sec-
ond work and sewing In private family. Box
666. Call office.
COLORBD <drl. good seamstress and waitress,
wishes situation: second work or maid. Ad-
dress E.. box 673. Call office.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
SITUATION \\AMi:i)-M\|.K.
to superintendents^^Tmine^owners
Pai first-class miners, mechanics, carpenters
and others, send your orders to J. F CROS-
ETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento St.. San Fran-
cisco.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE employment office; work day. hoar
or evening. 122% O'Farrell St.; tel. Davis 605.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414* i O'Farrell st ; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
HUNTER X- CO., fhITMM ana JapaaeM em p.
I office. 614 Vi California St.; tel. Main 231.
TOtTNQ man would like a position in a black-
smith shop to finish learning trade: has had
I some experience. Address THOS. WALKER,
640 Howard st.
JAPANESE, first-class family cook, want*
situation; good recommendation; city or
country. TOMI, box 6SI. Call office.
GOOD man wants situation on private place
to attend to horse, work around the house,
etc. Address box 691. Call office.
GARDENER, young man. at present employed
in private family, wishes to make change at
end of month. Box 671, Call office.
BOY of 16 wishes a position in machine shop;
has had 1 year's experience. Box 683, Call.
MAN and wife want to run a boarding-house
in mining camp or station; with reference.
Address MRS. KOKACO, Rodeo. Cal.. care
Union Oil Works, Contra Costa County.
WANTS situation— CQOk for ranch, camp or
private family; good breadmaker; also fine
butter-maker. Address W. T. BRYANT, E29
Sacramento st.
COOK— Wanted, situation In restaurant, lunch
or coffee house: steady and competent; best
of references. CM Mission St.. room 1.
CAPTAIN well acquainted In northern waters
wishes to run ?team»r on the Yukon next
summer. Box 664, Call office.
ELDERLY man wants a position as book-
keeper; best references: small salary. Pio-
neer, box 661, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms. 25c to $150 night; $150 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free "bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
JAPANESE cook wishes situation; city or
country. M. X., 809 Sto<*ton st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, lew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
WANTED — By a young man, a place In a
wholesale house: not afraid of hard work
Box 848. Call office.
YOUNO married mnn wants situation at liv-
ing wages; has had experience as grocery
clerk and is handy with tools. Box 623. Call.
GARDENER; single: thoroughly competent In
all branches gardening and greenhouse work,
first-class references: would like position
with private famiiy. Box Ett. Call office.
FEMALE HELP "WANTED.
S CHAMBERMAIDS and wait, for country ho-
tels, $20, free fare; 2 waitresses for same
country hotel. $15. see party here, free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10S Geary st
GERMAN second girl for small American fam-
lly. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary.
5 WAITRESSES for first-class country hotels,
$20 and free fare: restaurant waitress, city'
$2"; chambermaid and wait, $15; waitress)
city hotel. $20; 4 German and 2 French cooks'
private. $25; 16 girls. housework, $20; 10
young girls to a6sist. $10 ami $15. C R,
HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED girls for box factory; German
waitress and parlor maid. J25: German nurse
1 child, $20; 4 German. French. Scandinavian
and Amtricnn =<-rond girls. $20 anil $25- 3
cooks. German style. $25; 2 waitresses, hotels
$2"; and a large number of girls for cooking
nr.il h-usew .rk in city and country J F
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutler st
MAN for general housework and cooking-
2* hours' ride from city. Call at 511 • Van
x«ess aye. before 12 ax.
HELP WASTED- Continued.
YOUXG girl, assist housework. San Mateo,
$12 to $15; see lady here. IIISS CULLEX.
325 Sutter st.
COOK. Modesto. $20, fare paid; Placer County,
$20. MISS CULLEX. 325 Sutter Bt.
GkERMAX or Scandinavian waitress and par-
lormaid. $25. MISS CULLEX, 325 Sutter St.
WAITRESS, hotel, country, $26. MISS CUL-
LEX, 325 Sutter st.
PARLORMAID and waitress, $25. MISS CUL-
LEX. 325 Sutter st.
MOTHER and daughter, country, $35. MISS
CULLEX, SH Sutter Bt.
COOK. $80. MISS CULLEN, 325 Butter at.
COOK, short distance, $26: good place; must
go to-day. MISS CuXXBN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl. 2 In family. $20. MISS
CULLEX. 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID. $15. MISS CULLEX, 325
Sutter st.
SECOXD girl, sleep home, $15. MISS CUL-
LEX, 325 Sutter st.
2 NURSEST $15 each. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
WORKIXG housekeeper, with a girl, $12.
MISS <l 1.1.KN. 325 Sutter St.
2 WAITRESSES, country hotel, $15 each.
MISS CUIXBK, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE. Honolulu, $257~M ISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
SECOND girl, choice place. $20 to $25; girl, De-
visadero, $20; girl, Washington, $20; 3 girls,
Alameda. $20; girl, Shasta County. $25. see
party here: girl, California, $20; girl. Laguna,
$20; girl, Ross Valley. $20; girl. Castro. $20:
girl. Mill Valley, $20; girl, Glenn County:
girl, Filbert. S2O; girl. Ma-on. $20: girl. Ful-
ton, $20: girl, Buchanan, $20; girl, Qoujrh. $2°;
girl. Gough. $25, 2 In family; girl. Pierce. $20:
girl. Franklin. $18; girl, Eddy. $25. MAR
TIX & CO.. 749 Market st.
KITCHEN girl. $15 and room; S waitresses, $20
and room; chambermaid for lodging-house.
$17, room, etc.; 3 waitresses, $6 a week; 3
waitresses, ?20 and room; waitress, $4 a week.
MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market st.
IRONER on starch work, country laundry.
$20 and found: waitresses, different country
hotels. $2": girl for housework, private fam-
ily, country, $/!fl. see party here. MURRAY
& READY. Leading Employment Agents, 634-
636 Clap- st.
WANTED— Milliner and designer to take
charge of established department in dry
goods house; must be stylish and up-to-date:
must possess managerial capacity; all the
year position; communications treated In
strict confidence: state experience and with
whom. Address P. O. box 82, Oakland.
2 WAITRESSES, same hotel, country. S2O; free
fare. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
CAPABLE young ladyj responsible position;
references exchanged. Apply 1720 Clay St.,
bet. 12 and 1.
WANTED— Young German girl to assist with
housework and cooking. 610 Fulton st.
GOOD girl for general housework; moderate
wages. Apply 728 Bush St.
LADY stenographer, publishing house, 110; cash-
ier, grocery store. 1013 Washington, Oakland.
SWEDISH or '".erman girl for light houee-
■irk : wages $10. 620 Guerrero St.
WANTED— GirI for cooking apd general house-
work. 2211 Sutter st.
WANTED— Shirt finisher. 621 Valencia at.
REMOVED— Dr. Wise, the ladles' specialist, to
1508 Market st. : monthly troubles, etc.
WANTED— Protestant woman; general house-
work: good cook; wages $15. Call Friday and
Saturday at 229 San Jose aye.
GIRI, over 14 to assist with children. 143 San
Jose aye.
YOUNG girl for general housework. Apply 214
Hyde St.
MACHINE operators on gloves. Carson Glore
Market st.
YOUNG arirl to care for child; $6 per month
and found. 2331 Pine st.
LAWKKNi'E r>resscuttlng School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
LOT of uncalled-for shoes from 25c up to $1 28.
Ml Mission St.. bet. First and Second.
LADIES' shoes, soleing. 35c, men's shoes, sole-
ing. 50c. : all repairing done at half the usual
prioe. T.E2 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d.
THF: McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School lg the best place to learn: Mechanics*
Fair diploma: patterns cut 25c up. 103 Post.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
MALE HELP WAITED.
WANTED— Driver for delivery wagon In city,
references required. $35 per month and found;
man for private place in country, references,
$2. r > and found; also farmers, milkers, etc.;
neat boy for newspaper office, $3 per week
and increase. W. D. EWER & CO., 626' Clay,
WANTED— Cooper for winery in country, $50
to $6(i per month and board; steady lob. W.
D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— Foreman for vineyard; must be ex-
perienced vlneyardist; $60 per month and
board; references. W. D. EWER & CO., 62«
Clay st.
WANTED— IO miners, steady work. $3 per day;
California wlnemakers, with first-class ref-
erences, $75 to $100 per month. W. D. EWER
& CO.. 626 Clay St.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waiter. $70: French or Swiss second
cook. $90; short-order cook, $35; cook, plain,
country hotel, $40; hot-cake and waffle man,
$35: waiter, country hotel, $>5 and fare ad-
vanced: 2 waiters, boarding-houses. $20: col-
ored pantry boy for a steamboat, $20; second
cook. $60. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary.
NEAT young German boy about IS years to
work in a saloon, $25. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 108 Geary st.
SAWMILL DEPARTMENT .
Double circular sawyer, pine lumber; one
who can file and run any kind of a mill saw
and act as foreman; $150; see party here; Al
man only need apply.
20.000 cords of virgin timber to be cut; $1
a cord: will let contract from 1000 cords up.
B0 tiemakers, new camp, 10, 8 ana sc.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary St.
INDOOR servant with private family; refer-
ences; $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary.
WANTED— 2 cooks, country restaurants, $60
and $25: Spanish cook, $10 week; 2 neat wait-
ers for first-class restaurants, good wages
WT.. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S
Sacramento st.
WANTED— A large number of woodsmen to
get out ties for railroad: different sizes at
good prices: new camp; virgin timber; tools
advanced; good board, $15 month: miner, $3
day, anil others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 62S Sacramento st.
[TERS, $:." and $30. country hotels- 3
cooks. $45, $30 and $25; 2 dishwashers. MUR-
RAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
86 TIE-MAKERS, Sc, 9c and 10c each; farmers
and vineyard hands, laborers and teamsters
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
BAKER, country shop, $35 and found MUR-
?AY? AY &c,& c, READY - Leadlne Employment
Agents, 634 and C 36 Clay St.
8 COOKS. $30 and room: 2 cooks, $9, $10 and $12
a week; 3 cooks, $6, $7 and $S a week; second
cook, $35 and room; 2 cooks, $35 and room-
see parties here. MARTIN & CO.. 749 Mar-
WAITER, country, $25 and room; 8 waiters $20
and room; 3 waiters. $6 a week. MARTI V
& CO., 749 Market st. '"
POT- WASHER. $17 and room; call early
MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market st. 7'7 '
WANTED— Night cook. $40; French couple,
near city. $45; French stableman, $40; French
valet. $25: butler and wife as cook. $70- but-
sosVtoikt^t:' hotel ' m etc - ******.
COOK for mining boarding-house. $69 R T
WARD & CO.. 60S and 610 Clay st.
HOTEL, butcher for Nevada who can slaughter
and make sausage: $35 and found and half
fare paid. R. T. WARD & CO.. 60S and 610
Clay st.
MEMBERSHIPS good for 1 year's service: 5
city canvassers employed under bond; orders
exceed applications; Investigation invited;
situations under no circumstances or for any
consideration promised or guaranteed. Clerks'
Exchange. 313 Bush st.
Sl3 BUSH st. offers places to-day for practi-
cal general agent; advertising man. $13; ho-
tel steward; elevator runner; steamer assist-
ant clerk; man and wife, positions of trust
and 2o other valuable openings; no expense
to Investigate.
NIGHT cook for hotel cafe, must do pastry
$40; cook for small oyster grotto, J3O now in
summer $45. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny
8 MEN for good voyage; good wages; no fee
charge. HERRMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BOY to learn hardware business; state age and
wages expected. Box CS4. Call office.
MEN and boys to sell jubilee buttons; big
Profits. COLEMAN 1 S, 41 Third st
WANTED— An elderly man to cook for 2or 3
men; wages $5 per month. Call 500 Haight st.
igSgag 24 ha Ge a U ry c Wh ° Unde "*™*
B sluer 2 ■£ Pef WCek " MISS CULLEN . 325
HELP WANTED — Continued.
WANTED— An experienced produce salesman;
one who can obtain consignments. Box 687,
Call office.
GOOD barber: Saturday and Sunday. 507»4
Hayes st.
GOOD barber for Saturday; wages $3; call
early. 030 Fourth st. __^
BARBER wanted Saturday, 5 p. m., and Sun-
day. 705 Montgomery aye.
BARBER, Saturday p. m. and Sunday. 201
Eighth St. '
35-CENT barber shop and bath: country, near
city: good chance: good reason for selling;
must be sold. Address box 692, Call office.^
FEW gentlemen of good address as outslds
men; D to 5. 21% Third Bt.. room 6.
THREE chair barber shop for sale cheap. Ad-
dress JOHX FIELDS. San Leandro.
MOXEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, lo Orant ay.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corns. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men. between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
b" of good character ami hnbits anl able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and fl feet in height.
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting office. SO Kllis st.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rotkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms: 26c per night; $1 to S3 per week.
GOOD union pressman; must be thorough on
platen and cylinder work; quick, careful,
conscientious and reliable. Address, giving
experience, references, etc.. box 580. Call.
2000 PAIRS shoes— Another lot of men's shoes;
been slightly damaged; at less than one-
fourth their value; from 25c to $2 50. 561
Mission st.. bet. First and Second sts
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c a night: read tng- room ;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Roome 26c to $1
night: $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 604 Davis st.. near Jackson.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
fice. S. FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.
4 MARKET »t.— Branch office of The Callj
want ads and subscriptions taken.
OS LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
SINGLE rooms 10c and 15c night. Tsc and It
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. 9.
F. Barber College. 138H Eighth.
KLCHO House, S6SH Market st-Roomi JOc.
Jsc to 80c night; $1 to $2 week.
BOOMS. 15c to 75c per night: 50c to $1 BO per
week Oriental. 225 Drumm St.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764^4 Mission j
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 250 per
night: 60c. 90c and $i per week.
WANTED, to collect wages due laborers and
clerks. KNOX Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 967 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
839 HAVES ST.— Branch office of Vhe CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken.
AGENTS WANTED.
DO you use show-cards or advertising signs?
Wait until you see the new brilliant metal
letters; fastened on any card: salesmen
wanted; made only *y the Baker Letter Com-
pany, 409 Sanchez St., S. F.
FURNITURE WAfTED.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
romery st. : highest prices paM. Tel. Davi* 71.
HOUSES WANTED.
WHY lose money by having your houses, stores
or flats vacant, when they can bo quickly
rented by HENDERSON REALTY CO. fpub-
li.shers of Weekly Real Estate Register) ?
Give us a trial. Satisfaction guaranteed.
HENDERSON REALTY C0..405C McAllister.
I WANT a sunny flat or house. 7 to 9 rooms,
in perfect condition. 15 minutes' walk from
Palace Hotel, for 1 year or longer: if partly
furnished will board owner if desired on suit-
able terms: rent must be nhout J3O: family 4
adults. Address box 631. Call office.
BOARDING WANTED.
MIDDLE-AGED single gentleman occupying a
prominent and responsible position, is de-
sirous of permanently locating himself with
a liberal minded and social family where he
could enjoy home comforts and privileges:
comfortable room or suite with freedom of
the houae and breakfast: will r<i>' good price
If suited. Address "Home," box 689, Call
office, with full particulars.
WANTED — home near school or board-
ing-school for boy of 9 years. Address, with
particulars and terms, box 650, Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
MOTOR. % horse power, for direct current.
BACIGALUPI, 933 Market st.
WE buy all kinds of second-hand tools, stoves.
etc. 'JAMES CURTIN. 1123 Market st.
SECOND-HAND clothing, dresses, sealskins,
wanted; best prices; send postal. 1020 Folsom.
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales, tools. etc.
bought and sold. J. Livingston, 204 Mission.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver. oast-oft!
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
€16 LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
ftcriptions and want ads taken.
EDUCATIONAL. ~
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil & mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue. ,
AYRES 1 Business College. 325 Montgomery st
individual instruction in shorthand typing'
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.;. life scholar^
■ship. $o0; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech.. survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve :
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculation^ »
course, in Tarr's counting room makes yon
thorough. Room 572. 855 Market st. ,
WANTED— A teacher In painting. 4413 Nine-
teenth st.
FLUTE, mandolin, guitar lessons; club $1
monthly. PROF. OASTALDI. 710 Lombard.
22 XX / nBPI arithmetic, writing;, gram-
mar; day, night; $5 mo. 1504 Market, op. Bth.
INDIVIDUAL Instruction, shorthand and type-
writlng; terms reasonable. 1015 A Post st.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket St.; 124 positions In "96; 103 in '97.
LT7DLUM School of Elocution and Dramatic
Art. 928 Sutter st.
PROF. M. KOLANDER, teacher mandolin.
guitar and banjo. 935 Market St.. off Mason.
VOICE culture, piano Paris graduate: French.
Spanish: new classes; $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
FISK teachers' agencies in 10 cities; teachers
wanted now. 420 Parrott building. •■:.:."■-■. j
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works; deans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
3S and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'B Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 363-67 Tehama st.; tel. So. 40.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works. 14 Bth St.. B. GRANT. Tel. Jessie 20U
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 420 Sutter-
. tel. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM. prop. '
CLEANING, 3c; laying. 3c; rug samples frea-
tel Jessie 944. Stratton. 3 Eighth. .
CARPETS cleaned and. renovated like ni>w
n Tenth: tel. South 38. Mackintosh & Co.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning tea yard; tel.. Mis. 74.
CONKLIN'S carpet-beating works. 833 Golden
Gat* aye. . Telephone East 126. ~*"«a
ATTORNEYS AT LA\l\
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty private-
wnwSi wl * hout success; collections. G. w'
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn;
ADVICE free — Private I law matters- moderate"
. fees. ATTORNEY_McCABE. 103 Larkin st.
AD r^ ri -£r E t^^Vt^Sß charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
LEGAL NOTICES.
THE California Debris Commission, havinjirre-
celved applications to mine by the hydraulto
process from O. M. Henry, m. the Murphy
diggings, near Volcano, Amador County to
deposit talUngs In Rancheria Creek; from
George A. Grltton. in the Clapboard . GuTch
mine, near Volcano. Amador. County. to de-
posit tailings in Sutter Creek: from Frank i
Goyan. in the Cox mine, near Placervme El
Dorado County, to deposit tailings in a ™
vine: from J. M. Longnecker. in the Hull
placer mine, near Genesee, Plumas County
to deposit tailings in a ravine, and f rom E '
Becker and Robert Mooney. in the Hnmel
stake mine, near - Amador City Amador
County to deposit tailings in'Ra^herla
Creek, gives notice that a meeting will ha
held at room 69. Flood . building^ San^Frant
Cisco, Cal.. on February 7. , ISSS at lflP p m.
. TYPEWRITERS^
REMlNGTON^^3?lSnT~ord^rTlMr^a^pVi
sent. SCOTT & BANNAN. 333 MontgomeryBUSINESS CHANCES.
$760 — FIRST-CLASS re^Uurant and oyster
house, connected with IS fun-.'.Bhec". rooms, m
liveliest city 23 wiles from S. P.; a rare busi-
ness offer; si knees in family cause of sale;
actual value^sisoo. WILKE. 753 Market st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED comer grocery and
bar; choicest location in Western Addition;
rent $45; average monthly receipts about
$15<X>; all fresh stock; owner to leave for
Klondike. , WILKE. 753 Market st.
A— sS;iO: corner sTocery and bar. with 4 living
rooms, in Mission: horse ami wagon; doing
a good paying business; no opposition within
a Block; low rent. Call WILKE, Tv. Market.
A— $2CC-; delicacy, bran bakery and confec-
tionery store, on Hayes St.: 2 living "rooms:
rert $16: first-class Investment. WILKE. 7i>3
Mm let st.
A— s3so; best paying corner saloon on Sixth St.;
rer.t MO; a. genuine business offer: rarest
chance In the market. All particulars, call
WILKK. 783 Market Ft.
$550— SALOON, con. ■ cr. Sixth it.. 1 block
from Market st. : •: partner ien for $300;
good business; owner r.ee3s able man for
assistance. WILKE, 783 Market st.
• s":a_ Tj. , , t ..-. .. -■,- . . . - - - ■ o»~
**w — it'iAi'M^'i aDi.'Ul IV miles irora Mn
Francisco: 2 acres of picnic ground, pavilion. I
5 living rooms, dining hall: rent $40: a No. 1 i
paying place. . Particulars, WILKE, 7SS ,
Market street. i
CHOP house and restaurant: established j
many years and doing a first-class business; |
meals. CO cents and above; choicest location •
opposite ferry landing; rent 10-.v; lease. |
WILHSE, 783 Market st. ■ I
$2500— RAREST chance: comer saloon In very
best location In city: established many |
years; clearing above $?D0 i""r mo.: leas»; !
large stock- the very best class of customers.
Particulars! WILKE. 753 Market St. |
$600— OLD and first-class paying saloon: close |
to Baldwin Hotel: best class of custom: net !
rent $Cfi; a fin' business opening. Inquire |
WILKE. 783 Market st.
— WOOD, coal, feed store: good bargain. ;
Saloon, best location In city.
$1700— Cor. grocery and bar: Western Addition. I
— Coal oil rout*: well established.
1126— Bakery an.l delicacy store; a bargain; |
and other good bargains, at
ANDERSON A WINN*B. 777 Market st. 1
NOTICE— AHMSTIC NG .v CO.. 565,4 Market
St.. will sell your business quick for cash.
$1000— GROCERY and bar; fine location.
J7sO— Restaurant doing good business. i
$850 — Lodging house: best location. '
$125 — Branch bakery near Market st.
See ARMSTRONG & ALLISON. SC&H Market. .
$500— SAFE and sure Investment: transient !
lodging-house: 60 beds; best location In city; j
guaranteed to clear $<;; monthly; no trouble |
for party to run: month's trial before pur- j
chasing. Apply lIEALY & CO.. 917 Market. |
$600 — Bakery and coffee saloon: good business !
street; the fixtures cost $3000: this is the ;
greatest bargain In the city to any one or i
two men who understand the business. '
CURRAN & CO., SO Kearny et. j
COFFEE saloon near Baldwin hotel: receipts !
$40 day. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
CANDY-STORE: Market st.: receipts 1300 per !
month: offer wanted. DECKER. 1020 Market. I
$4000— A chance of a lifetime; one of the finest j
fitted up saloons and family resort In this '
city for- sale: fine located corner; low rent
and long lease; owner most leave town to :
settle up estate. Address box CSS. Call.
A— s6oo; saloon and restaurant: opposite depot: i
terminus 2 car lines: doing rushing business; ,
living and club rooms: rent $40: best busi- j
ness opening In rr.arKet Inquire WIE- I
LAND'S BREWERY. |
PLAY the races on our new system: $60 a week
on $100 capital: no charges unless successful.
Call or write the American Turf Bureau,
rooms 5 and 6, S3O Market St., S. V.
CORNER saloon, good location, south of Mar-
ket st.: gnod stock and nice fixtures: side
rooms, etc.: very reasonable. • Box fi'H. Call.
BLACKSMITH'S tools and stock for sale;
shop to let. Apply fit 1129 Alabama St.; no '
reasonable offer refused: must be sold. -
OLD-ESTABLISHED grocery and saloon;!
good business: lease if required, or can buy ;
property. Apply this office. '
i
$I:OO— PARTNER In fine and old established j
liquor store: good trade and well located;
full name and address. F. _ box •'■*. Call.
$101 will buy a fine drinking saloon, with
stock and fixtures. Inquire 637 Clay st.
$50 HOME bakery restaurant: must be sold to-
day: owner sick. 222 O'Farrell it.
CORNER grocery: best location In the city.
Box 6SK, Call Office. :
WANTED— lady with $500 for half In-
terest In wholesale and retail business: im-
mense returns: to look after city depart- I
ment. Box 678. Call office. j
$500— BAKERY and confectionery: the best part
of the city: receipts $20 dally: sell on account
of other business. Box ''•"■. Call office. j
A BARGAIN — Meat market and sausage fac- j
tory: large trade: everything complete: party |
leaving city. IH2 Seventh st., Alameda.
BAKERY, doing fine store trade: best ar-
ranged shop in city; or will rent to respon- :
sible party. SOS Sacramento st.
FURNISHED country hotel. 50 rooms, good
will and stock: will be. sold $400 at once.
Apply W. J. V.. Russ House.
HOME bakery and delicacy store cheap: good
reasons for selling: rent $16. 420 Turk st.
$400— RESTAURANT and oyster house: rare
chance. Inquire ANDERSON. 34 Sixth st.
— WELL established bakery: good location:
3 living rooms: rent $30. Inquire at Call office.
TOWN ST., 202. near Third— Good res-
taurant for sale: a rare chance for man and
wife.
MAN as partner: commission business in the 1
city. 101.". Market st.. room 17. second floor, j
SMALL grocery store for sale on account of
sickness, 119 Seventh st.
LA ESTRELLA Mining and Milling Company ;
Is prepared to sell a limited number of shares j
at Me per share: cash or Installments : see :
our specimens in Tuolumne County exhibit at '
the Miners' Fair, and send for prospectus and !
particulars to La Estrella Mining and Mm- 1
ing Company; box 398, Sonora, Tuolumne 1
County, al. ;
A GOOD chance for a live theatrical man; I j
hold a. 2 years' lease on the Jefferson Theater, 1
Seattle, Wash., and will either take partner j
or sell. Address E. B. FRIEND, manager !
Jefferson Theater, Seattle, Wash. '
PARTNER wanted for general merchandise 1
and auction business !n a prosperous mining I
community; big returns already proven, war- \
ranting Increase of capital. Call or address
room 2. Crocker building.
FINE grocery and saloon: doing a large bar.
business; transfer corner: located on Junc-
tion of car line. Inquire at grocery store,
northeast corner of Eighteenth and Valencia.
GOOD CHANCE— NeatIy fitted up restaurant
for Bale: doing good business: In the heart of
Oakland; don't fall to see this. Apply at 214
Sixth St.. Oakland.
PATENTS. " ~ ~
SMITH _ OSBORN. Regisfd Patent Agents;
established IMC 319 Pine st., city.
127 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
WANTED— To buy half or whole butcher busi-
ness In country: state particulars. Address
box 624. Call office.
MONET loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest, Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
BRANCH bakery, stationery, lunch business
for sale. 415 Stockton st.
FOR PALE or — Barber-shop; best stand
In San Francisco. Inquire 62 Eighth st.
RESTAURANT doing good business for sale.
626 Washington st., in saloon; no agents.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
■ office or at 133 Third st.. Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
WOOD and coal yard for sale cheap: must be
sold by February 1. Address box 605. Call.
$2'— STORE to let. cor. Oak and Franklin: suit-
able for any business. 15 Grant aye.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing. • -
ALA KA ENTERPRISES."
THOSE desiring to Join the party of 25 men
going to a certain location In Alaska, where
gold abounds, call Sunday. 23d Inst.. at 10
a. m.. at the office of RlB'',. NEWMAN _
IKENBERO, cor. Polk and California sts.:
a deposit of $500 required. Insuring share In
vessel, steam launch, boats and a two
years' outfit and supplies. • ,
LODGING HOI. FOR SALE. .
130-R' '•■•<• r.arders .7TT77.77.7?. .$lO,OOO
14-room house, on Post ; COO
••room, for housekeeping 110
34-room house, new 100)
100-room house; fine corner 7000
27 room house on Post st 1600
■24-room house near " Call office •• M
34 rooms, fine eoi'BW KM
33 rooms, corner, the very best 2000
14 rooms, on O'Farrell St.. only $S4
IOS-room hotel, only 6500
18 rooms, on Market, part offices 850
14 rooms, on Golden Gate aye.. rent $40.... ■ COO
12 rooms, central, good furniture 27)
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
CORNER, new 70-room house to let for $176 at
SPECK & CO.'S. 602 Market st.
FOR SALE — Coso Lodging-house. 411 San-
sorr.e st.
24 ROOMS: elegant location; clears $250 month;
rare bargain. Address Down-town, box &>3,
Call office. •
I'HYSICIAXS.
PR. C. C. DON NELL, office ana residence,
1206 Market; diseases or women a .specialty.
HOUSES TO LET. "
11 ROOMS. 2 bathsTTaundryr ytrd.
DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye.. oft 12th st.
HOUSE of 10 rooms, bath; garden, base-
ment; sunny belt. 106 Cumberland St.. be-
tween 19th and 20th. Guerrero and Dolores.
7-ROOM house; modern Improvements. 117
: Julian aye., near Sixteenth and Mission sts.
, — HOUSE of 6 rooms, in fine order; call and
; see. 1567 Kemray st., near Greenwich.
i WHY pay rent? Why not build? You can do
1 so. '■ you have mortgaged and wish to pay
] it off easily you can get best terms of Amer-
I loan Investors' Co.. 11 Montgomery st.
! $3— FOUR rooms: bath. Precita aye.. near
Mission and Twenty-seventh. Apply prem-
ises.
ALL OVER TOWN 1 — "~
You s»ee houses to rent by BALDWIN _
HO WELL, 10 Montgomery.
I IlbirSE to let. ANDERSON * CO.. Twenty-
nlnth and Sanchez its.
: WILLOW avft.. House of 3 rooms, with or
without stable.
FURNISHED HOUSES.^
FURNISHED house? 7 rooms, bath and piano;
$40 a month: 2521 Webster st. JOHN M. CUR-
TIP. IK Kearny st. __ .
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE. Sl5 Lyon St., 6 rooms and bath;
ront 416 50; water free. Apply MADISON &
BURKE. _________ i
$7, $S and J9 cottages. 3 and 4 rooms; good or- i
der. Apply Mr. Bryant, or UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st. _
FLATS TO LET.
4 AND 6-room flats: some with gardens; sun- i
ny: attractive view; on Twelfth st. and 1
Glen Park aye : $12, *1". $14. $1S and $23../ U
DEMPSTER. 36 Glen Park aye, off Tweirtn ,
street. ;
FOURTEENTH, 736. near Market— Handsome 1
middle flat; 7 rooms,
$22— 5-ROOM upper flat. 315 ''Fan-ell St., near
Mason. Apply 15 Grant aye.
A $25 nice cottages and flats on Geary St., nr.
Polk SPECK CO., 602 Market st. i
A- M nice flats and cottages, under $10 1
A— 3oo nice flats, cottages and houses, $10 up. •
20 new flats at SPECK at CO.'S. 602 Market.
McALLIPTER, 14S9— Modern flat. 6 rooms and!
bath. $25. • i
ALL OVER TOWN— by BALDWIN _
You F»e flats to rent by BALDWIN _
HOWELL. 1C Montgomery st. j
NATOMA. 714— Flat of 4 rooms; large yard; !
cellar: sun all day; $10. j
UPPER sunny corner flat. 7 rooms; rent low.
233 Page St.
PIERCE, Lower flat, 6 rooms: sunny side;
modern improvements: cheap. |
SECOND. 62?— Flat of 6 sunny rooms, $15: also
cottage, 4 sunny rooms. $11.
$12— I/OWER flat. 4 rooms; basement, mantel,
folding door. 715 Tehama St., near Eighth.
TURK and Pierce, NW. corner— sls; new upper
flat: 5 rooms and bath.
TWENTY-THIRD, 4073-4075— A few steps from :
Castro-st. cars; 2 lovely sunny upift* and
lower modern 4 and 5 room llats; rent $13 ani
$15; water free. . !
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew- !
dry : low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant a'
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS. v
BARTLETT. 414. near Twenty-nth— Flat, 3 !
rooms, sink room and bath: ail sunny: nicely |
furnished: hot water supplied; rent $15.
BRYANT, cor. Ninth. 110—3 nicely furnished
rooms, front; complete for housekeeping: $17.
BUSH, 612—2 large sunny furnished rooms, j
first floor, with kitchen: gas range.
BUSH. 726— Two newly furnished rooms for 1
gentlemen, at tl and $S per month. ]
EDDY. 743— Lower Boor, 3 or 4 rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping, or unfurnished.
EDDY. Sl7— Nicely furnished front connecting
rooms; gas range; splendid location. I
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call; j
subscriptions and want ads taken. :
FOLSOM. 523. near Second— Large front bay-
window room for housekeeping: one single
room: also hot and cold water and bath.
FOLSOM. 974 — Nice sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent reasonable. j
| FIFTH. 325— Furnished housekeeping, 8, $13;
i also single. $5; 1 double, $'. ]
GEARY, 32.'- Front alcove room, well furnish-
■ ed: running water; closets; suitable light
housekeeping. ,
GROVE. 202. cor. Van Ness aye —Runny unfur-
•niFhed miss raUes; with gas-stove. j
HOWARD. 762— Nice furnished double room;
single, $3 per month upward.
HOWARD Fl9B— Front bay-window room for
light housekeeping. $10 per month; transient.
JACKSON. NO. near Mason — Furnished, sunny,
front,' large housekeeping rooms. $S to $9.
MINNA. 2S— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing, *i per week.
I MISSION. 561, near Second— 3 sunny house-
I "keeping rooms, furnished complete; also 2
son— back rooms. .
NEW MONTGOMERY, 105 — Cheap furnished
housekeeping and single rooms.
O'FARRELL. :?.'■*-- 1 to 5 unfurnished rooms
and bathroom: reasonable.
PERRY. 166—2 nicely furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; running water.
POLK. (05 Housekeeping, sunny bay-window
! room, with kitchen: reasonable.
- POST, 617H— 515: pleasant front and back par-
lor and kitchen; unfurnished.
I POWELL. 508, near Sutter— Two sunny rooms
en suite or single; single hall room.
SIXTH. 110 A— or 4 sunny rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping.
: SOUTH PARK, IS4— 2 sonny front rooms.
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
| STANLEY Place, 19— $10. 6 nice sunny rooms.
j Including bath: also $7 50. 4 good rooms.
VAN NESS. 51S — Two front sunny rooms fur-
nished complete for housekeeping: $20.
WEBSTER, 711—1 or 4 large sunny rooms:
furnished or unfurnished.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. It Grant ay.
i — -— •—• — — — — ■ — — — — ■ — — — — ■ — — — — — ——————»■» ■— —
ROOMS TO LET.
BUSH, 826 — Small single rooms, furnished, for
gentlemen: rent low.
' LEXINGTON, 212 Eddy— Large sunny front
suites; also single; for gentlemen.
EDDY, 427 — Neat sunny room, with double bed;
rent $5 per month.
EIGHTH. 229— Lower floor: furnished room,
double bed. use of piano. $5.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
FULTON. 3 (Fulton House)— Nicely furnished
rooms; -Ingle or en suite; $$ and $15 up.
GEARY, 801— Elegant parlors; also bay-win-
dow room; reasonable: handsome new corner
flat. •
GEARY, 518— Elegant sunny housekpg rooms;
complete; also double; others; reasonable.
! GEARY, Sunny furnished rooms for gents:
$6 and $7.
GROVE, 28— Sunny furnished rooms; private
family: near. City Hall. *
| HARRISON. 7844. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nlshed sunny rooms; bath; very cheap.
HOWARD, 821— Globe— rooms: suite and
single; reading rooms; from 25c per night
j and $1 per week up.
HOWARD, 604— Nicely furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; $11 and $12; gas and bath.
i HOWARD,' 9B9— and cheapest rooms in the
city. ■-"•-.-..
' HOWARD, 715. ST. DAVID'S— 2OO rooms;
i suites; single; sunny reading-room; 25c up.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
■ sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect: terms reasonable.
LARKIN, 327— Newly - furnished sunny front
rooms, near Pavilion, for Jubilee visitors.
SEE parade In comfort: fine view. Room 18,
724 ii Market st.
MARKET. Elegantly furnished suites and
single rooms for Jubilee visitors. •
MARKET. 1022— {New management); fine, clean
■ rooms, $1 to $2 50 per week; transient, 25c up.
i MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 a week.
MINNA. 814— Nice furnished front rooms.
j MISSION, 1&3?— Housekeeping rooms. $5 up.
I HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 Mission; select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
MISSION. 921 'i — Nice front room ; gas and
bath; $6 month. •
i NATOMA, 245— Furnished rooms, $1 to $1 25 per
week; housekeeping room, $2 60 per week.
POST. MM— Runny ' furnished room "In private
> family; use of kitchen, or board of desired;
cheap to desirable party.
POWELL, 123— Nice suites of rooms; rent
•cheap: day, week or month.
POWELL. 233— New house: newly furnished;
suits and single; also office rooms.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 22, 1898.
ROOMS TO LKT— Continued.
SECOND, s?— Double rooms, week, $1 50 to
$2 50: single. $1 to $1 50: night, 25c to 50c.
QRAND BOT7TRKRN. BE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en MHe and
elngle; elevator; moderate rates; families.
SEVENTH. IS6— Large furnished front room,
with large closet.
UVKMTH, 142— Furnished suites and single
' rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL, prop.
STOCKTON. If, European — Elegant rooms; j
suite or single; day, week or month; baths; |
hot. and cold water; transient; elevator.
AT THE STANFORD, UOH Butter— Bolts, sin-
gle rooms for Jubilee visitors, 50c to $1 50
lay.
, TURK. "43 -Nice Bunny roam; near the Pa-
vilion; running water, grate, gas and bath.
I VALENCIA. 936 A —Nice room; running water,
grate; modern; rent $6.
i KMT IirPINESR cards printed $Ti Revisiting
cards. 25c. HILL. 7544 Market st.
MONET loatied on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
BOARDING AND ROOMS
EDDY. 220— Sunny front single and doable
rooms; first-class board, $3 60.
ELLIS. 518— 1 large furnished parlors, - with I
board for 2, $20 each.
FELL. 24— Sunny furnished rooms: board op-
tional; parlor for I with board, $35.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to %Z per week: nice location.
HOTEL SALISBURY: beautiful grounds: ta-
ble unsurpassed. 253 Hyde, cor. Eddy.
POWELL. 602— Elegant suite; also corner j
room; board optional.
TURK. MS— Nice rooms and board In private '
family; bath, grate, excellent table; cars pats
the door; terms $20 up.
VAN NESS aye.. SOS— Newly furnished sunny;
rooms: good board: terms moderate.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
WIDOW wishes few infants to beard. 2618
Bryant St.. bet. 24th and 25th.
STORES TO LET.
STORE and basement, Ml Buchanan St., cor.
Fulton, for grocery or French liquor store.
Apply MADISON _ BURKE.
$26— FURNISHED large . fireproof store; center
of business. St. Helena; long lease. Address
lock box 13. St. Helena, Cal.
TO let— Fine large store, with living rooms;
Folsoni St., between Eighth and Ninth; suit-
able for any kind of business. Inquire of E. ,
PETERSON. 04 Bush st.
STORE and 6 rooms, suitable butcher shop or
fruit store; Cheap. 27th and Alabama sts.
TO LET— Stores and lodging houses of the
Lincoln School property, southeast corner j
Market and Fifth sts. A. .1. RICH & CO..
Real Estate Agents, 112 Montgomery st.
STORE and rooms for grocery or bakery; fix-
tures. Corner Page and Laguna sts.
OFFICES TO LET.
2 BAY-WINDOW suites, 2. 3 rooms, nicely fur-
nished; suitable offices: reasonable. 321 Fills.
218 SANSOME st., now occupied by W. Loalza
& Co. ASHTON. 411 Montgomery st.
| FACTORIES TO LET.
MISSION. 679. ODP. Well6-Fargo's~nTw~bulld-
lng— Second and third floors: power available.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ANT person having use for a piano need not
do without when good instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4. $5, *•;. $7. It, if,
$10; handsome scarf and wood seat stool In-
cluded ;no charge for cartage. Purcahse your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Stelnway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER _ CHASE'S.
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
BEFORE buying a piano It will pay you to
consult us Why? Because we buy only In
carload lots, pay cash for everything and
give the purchaser the advantage gained
thereby BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 to 20
O'Farrell st . Curta* block.
____________________
CONOVKR, slightly used, f
Stelnway. slightly used, $275.
Chlckerlng. second hand. $190.
Large stock, lowest prices, rent. Installment*.
The F. W. SPENCER CO . M 3 Market st.
PIANOS at cut prices; Improve the ot-Portu-
nity; agency famous Haine* Bros . Bush ft
Gerts and Bollerman. WM. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co., 321 Post.
i DECKER ft SON pianos are always satisfac-
tory. Get low prices from Mauvals Music
Co.. 769 Market St.
EOHMER&Co., Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans.
Brlggs and other pianos; see our rent plan:
no interest first year. SO?. 310. 312 Post.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
Immense reduction for cash or on Install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 73S Market st.
SACRIFICED — Elegant upright piano; must
sell. 230 steamy St.. room 26.
SMALLEST »d. lowest'price. Heine. 1?« Kilts.
BARGAIN— Nice aprlght cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St., near Hlbernla Bank.
ITORNUNG'S new style pianos: most perfect,
brilliant, powerful tone 116 Post st.
KINGSBI'RY (IW7 mndel) Is the piano you
want, ] HARRY SCOTT, EM Hayes st.
ST'PFPIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles.
KOHLER *■ CHASE. SO O'Farrell st.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. '"" '"'•■•■'. until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions nnd want "nds tnken.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
THE balance of house at 1407 Powell st . must
be sold before to-night: 1 fine walnut ward-
robe. 2 folding beds. 2 sideboards. IS Vienna
chairs. carpels. 2 lounees. 2 bedroom sets,
rugs. r>ool and curd tables and 1 French
marble clock: at a bargain: cost $75, etc.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beats st.
SILVER nnen-fared stop watch. $10: -cost $23.
UNCLE HARRIS, IS Grant aye.
$25— CAUSE, departure; elegant equal to new
New Home wwlnK machine: latest style;
| complete attachments: cost $60. 2011 Powell.
PIPE. 4 to 6 Inch wrought Iron; cast soil, 5 and
6 Inch and fittings. 2518 Pine st.
NATIONAL cash register, cheap. Inquire
at meat market. 676 Howard st.
6000 PAIR shoe lasts; also dealer In second-
hand tools, machinery, etc. : mall orders
promptly attended to. 646 Mission st.
FOR Gasoline launch at a sacrifice: 23
feet long. 8 horse-power. Union make. Ad-
: dress M. M. HAAS, Napa.
i ELEGANT, almost new bar fixtures, very
! cheap. 1003 McAllister st.
| OLD buildings bought and removed at short
i notice. Apply Old Bay District Track build-
! Ings or 625 A Ellis. J. B. FRENCH.
FINE saloon front, embossed stained glass,
j nickel plate, very cheap. 1166 Mission st.
I BLACKSMITH'S outfit for sale; also stalls to
■ let. $1 75. 1166 Mission.
FINE large dog for sale; for Klondike. 1133
Folsom st.
FOR Sale— Second-hand lumber, t. and g., $<?•
flooring. $10; pine. $6; Bay District track
buildings.
' ST BERNARD and black French poodle pups,
Danes, fox terriers, foxhound bitches; clos-
ing out kennels. 405 Frederick st.
[ GAS stoves for heating, one-half price; 1 and
2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HIT-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
i SOME new and second-hand Sterling wheels
bargains. NICHOLS & CO.. 404 Battery st.
i SAFES— In new and second-hand: all
si*e»: half original cost. 109-111 Market.. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. MO: Records. $.1 per doz.;
Projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupi, 933-946 Mrkt.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer seeond-hana
building material. 1122-36 Mission st.
CCFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store 'and
I office furniture and fixtures: new and see*
! ond-band. J. - NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth. ■ -
BARS, cases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. lOCS Mission, near Seventh.
FOR SALE — Cheap; second-hand fireproof safe,
at 42 Main st.
SECOND-HAND dynamos, gasoline and steam
engines, boilers, pulleys, shafting, laundry
machinery, etc. SMITH CO., f.27 Mission st.
SEWING j MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold:
- machine supplies. 145 Sixth St.; phone Mint 46.
ALL kinds * bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repalrlnc; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
PERSONALS.
JOSEPH "rsoLDKI'HLE, born In Germany, j
H V wrrBKCK will net hold hlmselr re- !
sponsible for any debts contracted by his
wife, Retoe Wltbeck
painter by trade. Is asked to send his ad-
dress to his brother. CHRIST GOLUKI'HLE, ,
4181 Michigan St.. St. I-".::*. Mo.
NEW method massage; electric treatment for
nervousness, gene.ul debility ; fat reduced;
Hours. 10 to «. MRS. JOHNBON. 514^ G«ary.
PRACTICAL California mining foreman desires
the acquaintance or correspondence with some
mining company; would go to Alaska. Box
et». Call office.
WINDOWS to let for Jubilee procession. 1028
Mnrket st.
LRDB, !1 W: I** bUI heads. $190: 1000
statements. $1 t0: 10M letter heads. $2 M; HmO
enve"' printed first class; orders of
$S sent free. HRoYVN & BLET CO.. print-
ers and photo-engravers. 19 to t? Stevenson.
PR CONDORT S
Klondike condensed food capsules. Price,
100 capsules $10. 1000 capsules $»0. Address
DR. V. CONDORT.
959 Howard st.
PROF. J. GREVEN will Introduce three more
talent to the public In their own concert at
Y.M. C. A Hall, on January 28, IS9S. Miss
M. De Cheat dramatic soprano; Miss X.
Brown, mezzo soprano, ana MR. M. AL-
BERT, high lyric tenor, s . ■,
OXLY the best of expert artists employed here;
fine work for 23c: good switches. $1; finest,
bost quality. $3 50; extra heavy, long. $5;
open Sundays from 3 to 12 a. m. G. LEDE-
RER, 111 Stockton tit.
BIG outdoor stereoptlcon show every night cor-
ner Market and Sixth sts.; artistic advertise-
ments in living light; promoters of business.
Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Houce, 44 Third St.. nr. Market: £00 rooms,
25c to $1 10 per night; $1 50 to iS per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MISS ANDERSON, graduate, Swedish nurse:
baths; genuine massage; Swedish movement;
ladles, gents. 906 Market St.. room 25, 2d floor.
ADVICE free: divorce laws specialty; private;
.no fee without success: collections. O. W.
I HOWE, att^at-law, 850 Market, cor Stockton. J
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In
Pan Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. Mr. Clay St.. S. F.
FRENCH king lessons; MRS. M. EHIKSON.
714 Leaven worth: W. 1.. 3-5; Sat 3-5; Tu.. 8-10
SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOB. 1117 Market St.. bet. ?th and Bth.
QUIXOXIA hair tonic; a preparation unsur-
passed; 35c. O. LEDERER. 11l Stockton St.
$14— Suit to order: samples; try one. &EU- '
HATS & CO.. tailor*. 115 Keirny st.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale figures. M Sar.some st.
SUPERFLUOUS hairs removed by electrolysis.
MRS. DR. WELCH." 2U5 Bush.
BRANCH office of The Call. 106 Eleventh St.—
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— Elegant, stylish dresses,
}• up: dresses made over, fi Eddy »t.. rm it.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium: while en-
tranced she will reveal every hidden mystery
in life: she will show you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost affections: unites the separated, recov-
ers lost, stolen or burled property; locates
treasures, minerals; tells your entire life, I
past, "present and future, while In a perfect
trance. Hours 10 ■ m. to 5 p. m.; perfe<s
satisfaction guaranteed by mall. Pond stamp
for circular with special terms. MRS PR. F.
CLARK, rms. 25 & 25. 1206 Market, opp. 6th.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader, born double veil and second sight;
diagnosis disease, fill life reading: la.. Me;
gents $1: palm. * cUirv. : sit. $150. 128 Turk.
REMOVED— Mrrie. Lenemar tells fortunes by
planets: prd'td "74" steamer on island. 23^4
Sixth, room 6.
MME. JOSIE TAYLOR, card reader and genu-
ine magnet Ist. 223 Post St., room 11. 2d floor.
MME WOODS, card reader, mind reader,
magnetic charms. 207 Pest St., room 8.
MME. MOREAU. test ' medium, clairvoyant.
. card reader; 25c up* 73 Fourth st . upstair*.
MME. VAN DE VERE returned; card reader
and magnetic healer. 1007 Market st.. room <l.
MRS. FAIRBANKS, clairvoyant and palmist;
readings 25c and 50c. Room 1. 108 Sixth st.
MME. M .VnEL HALL, card reader, has located
at 1104 Mission M room 10.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 1:.". Sixth st.. room 14.
MRS: DR. ANNA" THOMAS— First in her pro-
•f-tun: never falls advice: help. 929 Post.
MISS LOLA M STEVENS, card-reading and
magnetic treatment 225 Mason, mite 1-1.
PR. ALICE FAY. medium and genuine mag-
netic healer. IK Seventh St.. second floor.
RAY FAIR— reader: magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post. «t.. room 2.
MME. LINDEN, car.l reader and magnetist.
has returned; charms. 126 Fourth ft., room 23.
MISS LUPE LAGUED, card reader and palm-
ist. 214 O'Farrell sv, rooms 2 and 1.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and
water reader S2IH Mission »>t.. opp. Mint.
MME. ZINELLA. the business medium and
astrologer. Room 12. 109 Grant .vi>.
MRS. MANDENA. medium and palmist; rea.l-
incs IZc thts week: patisfact gar'td. 26 6th.
MMX SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hue-
band's picture 2.V : ladles. 814 O'Farrell st.
MISS PEARL HARRISON: card-reader and
magnetic healer. 120 ' i Geary, parlors 2 and 3.
MME. HANSEN, palmist, card-writer; past.
present and future: 25c. 14« Sixth, room 5.
MME. SODAN. Scotch seeress. card-reader and
palml*t. 61» Eddy. 9 to X P. M.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, mind reader and
palmist 131 Taylor st.. room 8.
MME. RAVFNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c un r, Fourth st.
SIMM. TUALIS.M.
MME. YOUNG will give benefit to-night for
Professor Mlngo: fine music. 605 McAllister.
MRS. FULTON'S materializing seance to^
night. We; sittings dally. 31 Fell st.
MRS. MAYO STEERS. 112; Oak: circles
Tu»»s. 8 p.m.. Thurs. 2 p.m. :*:>; readings $1.
A. M. FRANCIS, Independent slate- writer; de-
veloping circle Wednesday eve. US Halghtst.
MRS. HOSKINS. spiritual medium; circle
Tups.. 8 p. m.. 2."c; readings. $1. 214 Franklin.
! MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
messages and advice. 21S Stockton it.
TFAs
TEAS,
20, 26, SO, K. 40. 50 per pound.
- - COFFEES,
10. 15, 20, 25, 35. 40 per pound.
SPICES,
10, 15, 20. 25. 40 per can.
RUNNING 100 STORES ENABLES US TO
SELL VERY CHEAP.
WE GIVE FREE
PRETTY DISHES.
GOLD WATCHES.
BICYCLES,
MUSIC BOXES,
AIR RIFLES.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO
Stores Everywhere.
■ ■ ' ■ HORSES. ~~
HORSE for safe. Inquire at 3900 Twenty-fourth
St.; corner of Sancbe-. - -
JUST arrived— 2 carloads broke horses; 1200 to
1600 pounds. 145 Valencia st. - "
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
or exchanged: cheap storage: 40 horses; must
sell. T. P. NEWELL. ISM Mission, cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harnsss: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 827 Flxth St.. auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
60 HEAP of horses suitable for any business
Old Turk street Car Stable. 1301 Turk st.
WAGONS AND .CARRIAGES.
SECOND-HAND grocery, bakery delivery
■ wagons, 2-wrheeled carts, road wagons, bug-
gies and harness bargains for cash. Fifteenth
and Valencia sts. ■
TOP buggy, new grocery, business buggy and
good 3-sprlng delivery wagon. 1161 Howard.
FIXE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments: 1 fine top. and open
buggy; also 1 hack. . S:'S Harrison st.
STORAGE.
AT low rates Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN. 1017 to 102J
Mission St.. above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made; . fireproof building. F. W.
' ZEHFUSS, B*o Mission st. Tel. Mint 1521.
CITY iIEAL ESTATE.
PROPERTY for sale and to let. all parts of
city and country. GEO. W. H. PATTERSON
& CO., Real Estate. Ins. Brokers. 1709 Mkt.
BTOP paying rent. Begin the new year ritfht.
Remember the difference between paying
rent and owning your own home Is worthy of
a great struggle.
TWO cottages of 7 rooms, bath, large pantry.
pknty of closet room, sink tiled, fine high
basement, p.ll floored, brick foundation, cement
side and garden walks, stylish front, all mod-
ern improvements up to date: must be seen to
be appreciated; J.'.000; terms to suit purchaser.
Apply on premises, corner Portland aye. and
Mission st.. to J. M COMERFORP. from 1 to
S:SO p. m. ; take Misslon-st.-cars to Cortland ay.
$60 DOWN, balance $f3 M monthly l new 4-room
and bath cottage and lot: close to car lines;
i already sold. JACOB HSYMAN. 11 Mont-
gomery st.
BARGAlN— Handsome 2-story, 6-room cottage;
v<-ry sunny; fine view; 1114 Green St.
HOOKKB & LENT, 14 Post nt.
$6fiO WILL build 4-room cottage complete:
will call fiEO. M. SALSBURT. builder. 521
X St.. Sunset District.
4-RM. cottage and lot. SIEOO: 1 block from Mis-
■• sion cars: $16 monthly. BABIX. 413 Kearnv
MONEY TO LOAN.-
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate; 2d
& 3d mortgages, estates, undivided Interests,
real estate in probate, life insurance, gttods in
warehouse, furniture and pianos without re-
moval: mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAX, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
LOANS on furniture or piano* in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. •J.
NOONAX. IK! to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South- 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market St.: tel. Green 204. ■_
WE loan on real estate at 6 and 6Vi per cent:
also on second mortgages; life insurance and
real estate in probate: any sum. Manhattan
Loan Co., r. 10 (ground floor). Mills building.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: no
commission; lowest interest: part payments
received: money quick and confidential. 1170
Market st.. room 68.
$1,000,000 TO loan on diamonds: low interest:
perfect eecrecy; private entrance: gentle-
manly assistants. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth st.. upstairs: strictly private: low
rates: tel. 'Red 1121: established 1569.
ON furniture, pianos: city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates: no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONELLI. M 8 Geary st.
ON furniture, pianos: no commission; low
rates; private. SCRIBXER. 7 City Hall Sq.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mort*ae»s, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. 508 California st. , -• ■■
$10 TO |S6. 000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. :
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery* .
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 62 1 ? Mkt St.
On pianos. furniture; no removal: lowest
rater: no com : private. 116 McAllister st.
10 SIXTH— Most reliable place to borrow
money: diamonds and Jewelry.
A WEEK'S news for 6 — The Weekly
Call. in wrapper, for mailing.
CITFAFFST and best in America— The Weekly
Coll. Sent to - any address In th« United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
" free.
FINANCIAL.
J. BOAS, 320 Montgomery St.— Loans en life
Insurance policies and buys bank books.
i LEAN'S on real estate, bonds, etc.: lowest
nttew. MoAFKR Wins . IDS Montgomery st.
MEDICAL.
A PROCESS that Is perfectly harmless: never
fails In any case of monthly sickness, no
matter what cause; no electricity humbug
or other dangerous methods: money in every
case refunded If a cure is not effected;
travelers helped Immediately; years' experi-
ence: home in confinement with sanitarian
conveniences. Consult free the only reliable
physicians. DR. AND MRS. DAVIEB. 14 Mc-
Allister st., next Hlbernia bank; hours, 9
a. m. to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once; safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid: instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home In confinement:
best cor* and privacy: for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor before going elsewhere;
retrulxtlng pills and capsules. $1. MRS. DR.
WYETH, 918 Post st . near Larkln.
I ALL of Pr Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and rure: no danger or after ef-
fects: taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price {1 M) per box. sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 32
Grant aye . R. F. A caution— Before pur-
cliesing elsewhere, write us.
A PROCESS thnt never falls to restore every
case of monthly, sickness from whatever
cause In few hours when medicines and others
havj fulled; no instruments us"d: many
years' experience; every case guaranteed; ad-
vice free: terms reasonable: first-class pri-
vate rr/me for confinement. MRS. DR.
DALEY. 1126 Market St.. over Owl Drugstore.
SURE cure, whin others fall: no medicine or
instruments: every woman her own physi-
cian for r»l! female troubles, no matter from
what caajc; restore in 1 day: rever falls: con-
sultation 're*>: can be sent and used at home.
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny. Order-- by tele.
A I'OOX to wlv-;s and mothers— Begriro: prlc*
*1 CO. RICHARDS & CO. 406 Clay St.: send
?c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., '*31 X St.. Sacramento. a l.
GOODWIN, diseases of women: ladles:
safe, quick cure guaranteed: nny ailment:
maternity home: best care: skill only: low
fees: Dr. Schuck's self-cure, $5. 401 Van Ness.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
'etn.'i ■• ti-n Kes: no dan<er: B.ife. r»r»: $2 50;
exprrsr C O. P.; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cat
DR. HALL, 14 McAllister St.. near Jones-
Diseases of women and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: Infallible safe reme-
dies: 3S years experience. 2544 Fourth st.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Rth st.. Alameda.
DRS. TC. 6 K. cur<? chronic. n»n - on«. blood,
•kin or private diseases. 8 Mason st . S. F.
STERILITY cuiert by Mrs. Pr Sattler. gradu-
ate midwife. 1?" 1-nwel) »t.: ■•!. rf.l tW
LUST.
LOST — Chamois bag. containing revolving
locket, breastpin. 2 rlnrs. 2 pair earrings (i
black topaz, other rhlnestone), 1 : Mexican
dollar, gold key and steel thimble: all me-
mentos. Finder leave at this office and re-
> ceive $10 reward. *
LOST — pass-book with the Hlbernia Savings
■ and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of ISABELLA F. MOHAN; No. 178,355.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of AN NIK C. WILLOCK; No. 216-1366.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlb»rnla Savings
and Loan Society of San" Francisco. In the
name of JAMES C CARY. No. 211.050. The
finder will please return to bank.
BRING old rold and silver to me and get cash
for It. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FOUND.
BLACK and white greyhound bitch. Call at
80S Mission st. and receive same.
DENTISTS.
FULL set of teeth, $5: painless extraction: see
our combination plate, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years; teeth without plates; crown
and bridge . work our specialty: teeth Im-
planted or transplanted: fillings 60c. crowns
$3 60: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st. ,
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors: painless
dentistry: no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact: full set of teeth, jr. up; silver
fillings. 23c up: gold crowns. $3 50 up: your
teeth put In without a plate; open evenings.
997 Market St.. cor. Sixth; "Phone Jessie 695.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th: no
charge for extracting when plates are made:
old plates made over like new: teeth from $8
per set: extracting ' <-: gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bride" work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
NEW York dentists— Pistes $5 up; silver fill-
Ings. 2.">e up: gold filling*. 7"« up: plates
mended. $1 up: painless extraction, 50c: all
work warranted. CC3 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
$S— FT'LL ret of teeth; beat make; kept in
repair; extracting free: fillings. We:, crowns,
$3 50. Pacific Dental Parlors, IS Third st.
ALLEN GRIFFITHS, dentist, has resumed
practice. 44 Donohoe bid*. Market, & Taylor.
L. A. TKAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg.. 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
W. ■C. HARDIXO. M. P.. £00 Butter St.. cor.
Powell: tel. Main 5375;, painless extraction. .
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. •
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOU WO. 1841 Polk st. .
COLTOV D«rtJil Assoc'stl^n. SO6 Market st
DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
E27 MOXTGOMF.RY. cor. Clay— until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.. - - .
COUNTRY URAL ESTATES.
LITTLE homed fk>»e to town! improved) easy j
terms; aliui 4 to 12 acre pieces on $ and 10
years' credit. . D. H. TWINO. Sonoma Ctty; I
every Monday at G32 Market st., B. F.
10-ACRE fruit ranch In full bearing; sear '
Barrta Rosa: 4-rocm house, barn: will ex-
change for city property. Addrcu box 698.
Call. • • ■ • ■■-..- - - ■.
HOUSE of 9 rooms; modern: yard 160 by 200 j
feet: greenhouse plants, good water, stable
and chicken yard; also goldfish pond; big: bar-
gain. Call at this office.
ANY one wanting a small ranch, for grazing
purposes, or a moderate sized orchard, part-
ly improved, payable on very easy terms,
apply to room 700. Claus Bpreckels building.
BOOK and list of cheap land free. M M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County, C*l. j
839 HAVES ST.— Branch office of Th« Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. [
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9UB JtJKUADWAY. j
OAKl,\>!i REAL ESTATE.
WHY not look Into this If you desire ft rare .
homrolir? Larjre lots for *XOO upward; tin
cosh and any num you can afford to pay i
monthly; build your own home or IN will ■
build it for you: Gullndo Tract, East Oak-
land; the noil and climate Is superb; all lev«l.
with grand view; city water and sewer; fine
public «chool and electric cars; streets all
graded an! macadamized; nice homes sur-
rounding and building up rapidly; call or
send for circular. 459 Ninth St., bet. Broad-
way and Washington St.. Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, Owner. ■ ' ..' ■:.-
MODERN residence. 9 rooms, bath, cemented
basement, etc.; near Grove »t. : lot 150x160:
plumbing nickel plated; electric wiring;
street work complete: price $3500: term* to
suit. Lake Shore Land Co.. A. H. BREED.
Manager. lOTP Broadway. Oakland.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET. ■
TO LET— Sunny cottage, six rooms and bath.
$20. 1724 Central aye., bet. Union and Grand
ttm.. Alameda. ■■ - . ■ _^__^__
PKOPERTY TO FXCI'ANGP.
GOOD-RENTING Oakland property to ex-
change for ranches. EDSON & TURTON.
«09 Broadway, .'Oakland.
-_ PRO PERTY WASTED. .
"WANTED— To rent, by a competent fruit-
grower, a good orchard, either on shares or
cash rent; give particulars. Box 693, Call.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
John Wisby and Mary Fassey, 28—22.
John Pecarlch and I'omenica Fabris, 27—21.
T. M. Short and Julia K. Kennedy, 50— .<
Donald A. E. Mackintosh and Mary C. Tun- i
steed. 21—21. .
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by i
mail will not be inserted. They must be ]
handed In at -either of the publication offices I
and be indorsed with the name and residence j
of persons authorized to have the same pub- 1
Ushed.
BORN.
K.lRBY— January 20. IS9B. to the wife of Alfred
Klrby. a daughter.
! KRASE— In this city. January 3. IS9B, to the j
wife of W. J. Krase, a son.
MANSFIELD— Near the sugar refinery, Sa-
una?. January IS. IS9B. to the wife of J.
Mansfield, a daughter.
PETERSEN— Salinas. January 18, 1898, to
the wife of H. Petersen, a daughter.
I SHEMANSKI— In this city. January 15. 1898. j
to the wife of I. Shemanski, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BLANCHFLOUR^CAMPION— In San Rafael.
January 14. 185)8, by the Rev. Hugh Lagan, j
Arthur Blanchflour and Kathleen Campion.
MADDRILL— SHERMAN— In Stockton, Janu-
ary 20. 1898. by the Rev. R. S. Boyne, J. H.
Maddrill of Modesto and Mrs. I. M. Sherman |
of Los Angeles.
' MILROY— McCONNELL— In Santa Crux. Janu- !
ary 19. IS9S, by the Rev. A. Bartholomew, j
David Mllroy and Clara E. McConnell. .
" DIED.
Ames, Mary E. H. Luke, Nicholas G.
Alamada. Catherine I Landon. Runnel L.
! BarraJas, Frank C. Little. Harriet 8.
; Bennett. Mrs. C. M. ; McDowell, Dagmar
Chetain. Jean . McLaren. Leslie
Cunningham. Mary i Orpinella, Theodore
Clark. Mildred A. i Oulton. Rose H.
Connell. Mary' : O'Meara. William J.
1 Coughlln. William . . Portney. Margaret '
Dewar. Margaret ' ' Ralph, Fanetta
Dephew, Harriet Roberts, George H.
Dunworth. James J. Remington, Henry W.
1 Foohay. Josephine I Shannon. John B.
! Guettfson. Swan ' Sellander. Florence
: Hnnsen. George I Spiars. Frank W. '
Hond. Juntaro * Thompson. Charles
Heckman. Margaret'a' True. Margaret
Jones. Edward Walsh. Mary
Kalno. Martin Witthack. Katie A. A.
Koehncke. Ethel R. Wood. William H. .
; Lass, August ■ Young. Mary L. .
AMES— In Lorin, Alameda County. Cal.. Janu- i
. uiy SO. IMS. Mary E. H. Ames, beloved
mother of Mrs. D. T. Hard and O. H. Ames, j
a native of Mount Desert, Me., aged 84 years I
9 months and 12 days.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the Park Con-
gregational Church. Fairview street, Lorin
station. Berkeley. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery- Please omit flowers.
ALAMADA— In this city. January 20. . 1898.
Catherine, dearly beloved wife of Frank Ala-
mada. and mother of Mary. Frank, Toney
and Nellie Alamada, a native of Newport,
R. 1., aped 56 years.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 7 Baldwin court, off Folsom street,
between Fremont and First, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her scul. commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
BARRADAS — In San Leandro, January 20, 1898,
Frank C.. beloved husband of Mary E. Bar-
. radas. and father of Eulalla. Annie, Louise
and Frank Barradas Jr.. a native of Portu-
gal, aged 42 years 5 months and 8 days.
BENNETT— In San Rafael, January 15, 1898.
Mrs. C. M. Bennett, aged 69 years.
i CHATAIN— In this city. January 20, 1898, Jean
Chataln. a native of France, aged S3 years.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city, January 19.
IS9S. Mary, beloved wife of John Cunningham,
a native of Ireland.
C7The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 209 Gough street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock.' Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
CLARK— this city, January 17. IS9B, at her
residence. 2218 Webster street, Mildred j
Amldon. beloved daughter of Franklin J. and I
Mary Cheney Clark, a native of Boston,
Mass.
EX Funeral announcement will be made on
arrival cf relatives from the East.
CONNELL— In this city, January 21, 1898. at
St. Mary's Hospital, Mary Connell, a native
of Ireland, aged SO years.
Remains at the parlors of McAvoy &
Gallagher, 20 Fifth street.
COUGHLIN— In this city, January 20. 1898.
William, beloved son of John and Catherine
Coughlln. and beloved brother of Mrs. W. M.
Curtis of Los Angeles and Kate, James, John
and Nellie Coughlln, a native of New York,
aged 39 years and 5 months. .V. -."if"-'*
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 115 Twenty-seventh street, thence to
St. Paul's Church. Twenty-ninth street,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. . Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery-
1 DEWAR— In this city, January 21. 1898, Mar-
garet, widow of the late John Dewar, a na-
tive cf Rossshlre, Scotland, i aged 72 years. 0
E7"The funeral will take place . to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 170 ' Rum street. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
DEPHEW— In this city. January Jl, 1898, at
. the King's Daughters' Home, Harriet, be-
loved wife of 8. H. Dephew, a native of New
York, aged 74 years.
DUNWORTH— this city, January 20, 1898,
James J., beloved * husband of Annie Dun-
worth (nee Dempsey), son of Peter and the
late Johanna Dunworth, and brother of Mrs.
C. Rial, Mrs. J. O'Shea. Mrs. F. Roberts
and Peter A. Dunworth, a native of San
Francisco, aged 30 years and I month*.
. C7" Friends and acquaintances are . respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
• dence. C 49 Harriet street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, Brannan street, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repoi* of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FOOHAY— In this city, January 20, 1898, Jose-
phine, beloved wife of Patrick Foohay..
daughter of John and the late Catherine !
Hardiman, and sister of Mamie and Thomas
Hardiman, a native of San Francisco, ' aged
24 years. ■ ''
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow |
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 713 Brannan street, thence -to St.
Ros«'s Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated . for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. , •
GUSTIFSON— In this city, January 20, IS9B.
Swan ■ Gustlfson. a. native of. Sweden, aged
26 years. (Chicago papers please copy.)
(T7 Friends and acquaintances and members
of Carpenters'. Union No. 22. > are respect-
, fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HANPEN- In Mill Valley, January 17, 1898,
George Hannen, a native of Norway, aged
76 years.
HOXD — Near San Jose, January 19. 1898, Jun-
taro Hcnd, a native of California, aged 2€
years and 2 months.
HECKMAN-In this city, January 19. IS3S,
Margaretha D.. beloved wife of the lat»
Thomas H. Heckman, and mother of Rich-
ard J. and Helt-ne Heckman, a native of
Germany, aged 67 years and 17 days. A mem-
ber of V.'alhalla Rebekah Lodge No. 130. and
Unabhanglger Deutscher Frauen Unterstutz-
ungs Vereln.
[CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner Market and Seventh streets. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
JONES— In this city, January 20, 1898. Ed-
ward Joseph, beloved infant son of Nellie
and Thomas Jones, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year and R days.
(UTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents. 344 Duncan street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KAINO— In the City and County Hospital.
January 21. 189*, Martin Kaliw, a native of
Finland, aged 3S years.
KOEHNCKE -In this city, January 21. IS9B,
Ethel R., dearly 1 cloved and only daughter
of Christian H. and Bertha J. Koehncke. a
native of San Francisco, aped & years 4
months and 7 days.
E?" Friends and acquaintances are resp.ect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at — o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 311 Gulden Gate avenue, be-
tween Hyde and Larkin streets. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
LASS— In this city. January 19. 1898. August,
beloved husband of Louise Lass, and brother-
in-law at Fred Einfcldt. a native of Schles-
wig. Germany, aged til years and 1 month.
(Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 610 Tennessee street, Potrero. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LUKE— Near San Jose, January 19. IS9S, Nich-
olas G. Luke, a native of Pennsylvania, aged
67 years and 8 months.
LANDON— In this city. January- 21. 1898. Rus-
sell L., beloved son of Francis P. and Flor«
ence L. Landon. a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 month and 23 days.
CTNotice of funeral In Sunday morning's
papers.
LITTLE— In Oakland. January 21. 1898, Har-
riet Spalding Little, widow of the late M. J.
Little of Berkeley, Cal., a native of Massa-
chusetts, aged 63 years.
E^Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, frim her late resi-
dence, 5406 Henry street, Berkeley. Inter-
ment private.
McDOWELL— In this city. January 21, 1898,
Dagmar, beloved daughter of Thomas and
Alma McDowell, and sister of Johanna, Al-
ma, Charles, Walter and Thornton McDow-
ell, a native of San Francisco, aged 14 years.
K7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
McLAREN— At 2415 Sacramento street. San
Francisco, January 20. IS9B. Leslie McLaren,
of London, England, aged 48 years.
Ity The funeral services will be held
this day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at Bt.
Paul's Church. California street, between
Fillmore and Steiner.
ORPINELLA— In the City and County Hos-
pital. January 21, 1898, Theodore Orpinella, a
native of Mexico, aged 45 years.
OULTON— In this city. January 21, 1898, Rose
H.. wife of Gerard Hoff Oulton. mother of
Geordle, and daught?r of Honorah and the
late Amos C. H'.ester.
G7" Notice of funeral hereafter.
O'MEARA— In Vallejo. January 19, 1898, Wil-
liam J. O'Meara, a native of Ireland, aged
29 years and 2 months.
PORTNEY— In this city. January 21. 189 S. Mar-
garet Portney (nee Kclleher), beloved wife
of John Portney. sister of Mrs. J. Mannix
and Mrs. J. Reilly. and sister-in-law of Kate.
James and Mary Portney, a native of the city
of C-^rk, Ireland, aged 26 years 10 months and
17 days.
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 616 Sixth street, thence to St. Rose' a
Church, Brannan street, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
hf-r foul. commencing at 8 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
RALPH— In this city, January 20, IS9B, Fan-
etta. beloved wife of the late Joseph Ralph,
and mother of W. T. and I. V. Ralph and
Mrs. F. W. Randolph, a native at N«w Jer-
sey, and late of Alvarado, Alameda County,
Cal., aged 77 years 10 months and 18 days.
(Ocean County, N. J., papers please copy.)
(C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funpral this day
(Saturday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the rr-si-
dence of her daughter, Mrs. F. W. Ran-
dolph, 605H Guerrero street, and thence by
2 p. m. train to Decoto, Cal. Interment Cy-
press Cemetery.
ROBERTS— In this city. January 20, I=9S,
George H. Roberts, a native of Massachusetts,
aged no years.
ICTFrionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), .it 1 o'clock, from Washington
Hall. 37 Eddy street. Fujiertii under th* 3 aus-
pices of Lincoln Pout No. 1, G. A. R. Inter-
ment Golden Gate Cemetery.
REMINGTON— In this city. January 21. 1898.
Henry W . beloved husband of Rose Reming-
ton, and only son of Mrs. H. M. and the late
Frank C. Remington, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 26 years. (.«uf field. Conn., and
Springfield. Mass., papers please copy.)
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2555 Sixteenth street. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
SHANNON— In this city. January 20, IS9B, John
B-, beloved husband of Honora Shannon, a
native of Ireland, aged 66 years.
(n?"The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 51 S Oetavia street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church. Fell and Fillmore streets,
where- a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of hip soul, commenc-
ing at 10:15 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
SELLANDER— In East Oakland. January 21,
IVJB, Florence C, beloved daughter of Fred
and Margaret Sellander, and sister of Gus-
sie. May, Amelia. ChaTies, Henry and Wil-
liam Sellander. n native of Oakland, aged 11
years 9 months and It dnys.
lE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents. 4W East Twentieth street, East
Oakland. Interment private.
SPIARS— At 124S High street, Frultvale. Janu-
ary 19. 18SK. Frank W.. beloved husband of
Anna M. Spinrs. a native of Harlow, Essex,
Englurul. agtil 57 years and 19 days.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are 'respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, corner Twelfth and Washington streets,
Oakland, under the auspices of Live Onk
Lodpe No. 61. F. and A. M. Liberty Lodge
No. 36, K. of P., and Albion Lodge No. 206.
Pons of St. George, Invited. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
THOMPSON— In this city, January 20, 189S,
Charles Thompson, a native of Finland, aged
49 years.
TRI'K— In this city. January 20, 1898, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Charles S. True, a
native of Pennsylvania, aged 31 years and 7
months.
ETFriend:? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue, thence
t-> Native Sons' Hall, where services will bo
held under the auspices of Seven Pines Cir-
cle No. 3, Ladles of the G. A. R.
W'ALSH-In Agnev/s, Santa Clara County,
January 21. 18!'S, Mary, relict of Michael
Walsh, a native of Ireland/"- aged 79 years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at S o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 123." Market street, thence to
St. Teresa's Church, where a reqniem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
WITTHACK— In this city, January 20, 189S,
Katie A. A., youngest nnd beloved daughter
of Fred and Meta Witthack. and sister of
Fred. Henry, Herrman, Dora and Margarethe
Witthack, a native of San Francisco, aged 9
months and 16 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 420 Francisco street, between
Powell and Mason. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery-.
WOOD— In this ctty, January 21, IS9B, William
H., husband of Louise Wood, and father of
Edward L.. Arthur R. and Jessie B. Wood
and Mrs. Dr. G. T. Gere, a native of Connec-
ticut, aged 67 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the I'uneral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Memorial Hall.
I. O. O. F. building, corner Seventh and
Market street, under the auspices of Uni-
versity Lodge No. 144. I. O. O. F., California
Lodge No. 1. A. O. V. W.. and Clinton Lodge
No. 2019, K. of H. Interment private.
YOUNG— In this city. January 20, IS9B, Mary
Louisa, beloved wife of Timothy J. Young,
daughter, of Mrs. M. Slebert. and sister of
Charles J.. William J.. Kdward F. and
George D. Slebert. a native of Sen Francis-
co, aged 36 years 9 months and 22 days.
inTFriendn and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite 1 to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), nt S:3« o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 48T. Elizabeth street, thence to St.
Janes Church, corner Twenty-third and
Guerrero streets, where a requiem mass will
b* hold at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
IMcAVOY '&"gALLAGHER', jf"
FUNERAL DIHEC TOKS & KMBALMKES I
20 FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephonr, South 80. I
Estab. 1858. Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCHRAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmcrs,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for the uss
of our patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulance.
1314
FITZGERALD
WORKS FOR
HIS COOLIES
Labor Commissioner
Struck by a Sin
gular Delusion.
Fancies He Can Fool the
Democratic Central
Committee.
Trying to Induce Its Members
to Resolve in Favor of
Annexation.
DEMOCRATS ARE ANGRY.
They Cite the Fact That Represent!
tlvea at Washington and at Homo
Oppose the Scheme.
L»abor Commissioner Fitzgerald Is
particularly busy. Ever since he un
dertook the task of annexing- Hawaii,
■with its thousands of coolie workmen
little above slaves, he has kept himself
employed. Yesterday, however, he was
sprinting around the corridors of hotels
buttonholing gentlemen from interior
towns. Having secured a grip and for
cibly borrowed unwilling ears, !
he poured into them some fervid words.
For be it known the Commissioner had
been struck by a thought. In his mind
he could see his coolies annexed and
flooding the State.
The gentlemen he was chasing were
members of the Democratic Central
Committee. They are to meet next
Baturday, and are already drifting In
so as to be able to enjoy Jubilee week.
Fitzgerald has an idea he can induce
them to adopt a resolution indorsing
annexation and calling upon Califor
nia's Democratic members in Congress
to vote for it. Where Fitzgerald got
this remarkable notion has not been ex
plained, and that it will in all likeli
hood be rudely knocked out of him
does not need to be explained.
Senator White has not only declared
against the Dole-Morgan-Huntington
scheme, but is looked upon as a tower
of strength in opposing it. His voice
has been raised in no uncertain tone,
and even a proposition from so dis
tinguished a source as Fitzgerald might
fail to change his views all at once.
Congressman Maguire and Congress
man De Vrles take the same stand as
the Penaur. This being the attitude
of California Democrats at the capital,
the magnitude of the Fitzgerald con
tract can be appreciated and a sugges
tion of its ch^ekiness revealed.
Governor Budd is against annexa
tion and in this is upheld by a great
majority of the Democratic coast pa
pers. The position taken by the Ex
aminer is of no moment as that sheet
Is not recognized as Democratic and is
in no sense regarded as a leader nor a
safe adviser.
Personally the L.abor Commissioner,
it is said among politicians, can exer
cise no influence, as he is believed to
have used the cloak of office to cover
an expedition to the islands not taken
for the purpose of subserving the in
terests of labor, but exactly the con
trary. Much indignation is expressed
among Democrats over the misdirected
zeal which if not absurdly futile would,
they affirm, tend to put the chosen rep
resentatives of the party In an awk
ward predicament.
COAKLEY TURNS
STATE'S EVIDENCE
.Accuses Dr. Samuel Hall of
Having Caused the Death
of His Wife.
Chargo of Murder Against Him Was
Then Dismissed by the Dis
trict Attorney.
John Coakley, husband of Mrs. Ida
Coakley, whom. It Is alleged, was mur
dered by Dr. Samuel H. Hall, turned
State's evidence yesterday and accused
the defendant of having performed the
operation that caused the death of his
wife. The confession of Coakley dropped
like a thunderbolt on the head of the de
fendant, but he will fight the case to the
end. In the proceedings against Dr. Hall
lest Thursday Coakley was put on the
Btand, but nothing of importance could be
■wrung from his lips. When he left the
stand the prosecution stated that it had
closed Its case, end in consequence a con
tinuance was granted until yesterday
morning. Thursday evening, however.
Coakley signified a desire to turn State's
evidence, and when the case against Hall
was called yesterday morning Assistant
District Attorney Hinkle asked the court
to permit the reopening of the prosecu
tion that Coakley might be further ex
amined.
The defense objected, but Judge Dunne
overruled the objection and allowed
Coakley to be called to the stand. Coak
ley then nervously walked to the witness
chair and took a seat. The prosecuting
attorney questioned him regarding the
operation that caused his wife's death.
The witness answered that his wife went
NEW TO-DAY.
baby's skin
In all the world there is no other treatment
bo pure, so sweet, so safe, co speedy, for pre-
serving, purifying, and l>eautifying the skin,
scalp, and hair, and eradicating every hu-
mor, as warm baths with Ci'ticpra Soap,
and gentle anointings wilt Liiitiiu iomt-
meiit .,, the great skin cure.
Ii ««M thronthc'nt the world. Putim
Duro Aim Cum Corp.. Sol« l'rop«.. P.i.«!on.
C 7* 'All About me Skin. Scalp aud Hair," fr«e.
EVERY HUMOR
CHINATOWN IN GAUDY ARRAY
The Great Event of Orientals, the Mongolian New Tear, Is Here in
All Its Glorious Color and Raiment.
A DAY AMONG THE CELESTIALS.
It'H only a step from the rnmor of TOamy and Play to the Orient these days. Turn to the north, walk a block, and
you'll find yourself spiritually as far away from this prosaic Western world as the bronzes and ivories In the shop windows
of Dupont street are out of keeping with the Klondike outfits Just a block below.
The uncertainty In the Chinese mind as to which day, the 21st or the 22d, is really the birthday of the new year has
had its usual effect. San Francisco's Chlnatowa will celebrate two days lnst<ad of one, and the visitor to Chinatown will
have the opportunity of seeing- his yellow brother in a new and very becoming light.
It is a fact that John Chinaman, like his paler neighbor, changes his role with his robe. The potent influence of
clothes, as well an the genial holiday spirit, is evidenced in the altered atmosphere of Chinatown. All the stores are closed
and from the Jutting- porches above hang great lanterns, globular and hexagonal, paper and silk and gauze, bright red and
brilliantly parti-colored, or a soft color medley of all delicate shades. When these are lighted at night time, Chinatown is
transformed. The light Is not s<> strong as to reveal the dirt and compact squalor of the place, but It is warm and subdued
and lends an air of enchantment to what we San Franciscans know well enough Is anything but beautiful.
Hut if you visit Chinatown nt night you'll miss the most Interesting spectacle of Chinese New Yonr. For the quaint
little Oriental bablea will be asleep, and they're the stars that light Chinatown by day and rival in attractiveness the glow
ing lanterns at night. • "
li's ono of the prettiest sights Imaginable to stand on the crowded sidewalk of one of those dirty, dark streets, to
watch a dingy door burst open and suddenly, and one of these Celestial fireflies dart forth with all the activity that follows
release from a chrysalis. Such gorgeous young peacocks are these, so graceful and unashamed of their finery, with not a
particle of the American boy's dis<l:uti for i>r.tty things, half affected, half real. These Chinese boys wear th«»ir brilliant
New Year robes as adornment should be worn— with an unconscious ease and yet an added grace that forbids the ana
chronism of inappropriate bearing.
Here's a 4-year-old, probably. Tie wears a purple silk under-garment with a cherry-red loose vest above. His trous
ers are green, his embroidered cap is topped with a red button and a long red tassel depends from it, whose fringe mingles
with the red-fringed cord that lengthens his neatly braided queue and touches the heels of the link embroidered boxes of
slippers he wears. The joyous atmosphere of the time and thf (laming hues of his fine attire hay*> gone to his little round
head, and he dances about, flitting from place to place with the reasonless enjoyment of the but'ertly.
On the street corners peddlers with groat swaying strings of balloons are stationed. Papa John is generous and amia
ble these days. }fr- buys an opaque yellow globe for his Orst-born, that adds Just the tinge of color the baby's dress
lacked. This young Celestial prince wears black of the finest, the silkiest. His round cap. though, is gold-embroidered and
so are his shoes. He takes the string of the balloon between his small Ivory fingers as clumsily, as stupidly as any white
baby, and the great tragedy of babyhood comes to him as to mother's white-fared darling a block or so away. The string
Flips from him and the balloon, made golden now by the sun's light shining through, soars up and away. away. But New
Year's comes but once a year— that is, when one's superiors are considerate enough to leave the divine calendar unchanged—
and affable Papa John buys another.
Here's an Italian organ grinder making the aJr hideous with "Marching Through Georgia," while from upstairs of the
Chinese theater conifs the rattle, the squeak and the crash that betoken great essays In the dramatic art. The organ
grinder has a monkey, an intelligent, eager-eyr-d little fellow with a bright cap upon his hea.l. And before him. gazing up.
all unconscious of thf? charming picture thoy present, are three little maids, each a symphony ( .' colors. Choy Sing to the
right is a poem in shades of lavender. Wong Fa in the middle is gorgeous in pink and blue, rtie blue appllqued over the
pink in zigzags, and the little pink troupers edped with blue again. Mademoiselle at this end Is a lovely thing, whose green,
gold-embroidered Mouse falls stiffly over the pink and blue trousers below. They all wear th>ir waxed hair in a chic
bunch on the side, just where one longs to let it straight, done up in a wonderful net, beaded and pearled; and each innocent,
expressionless, almond-eyed face Is framed in a sort of wide fillet flaming with color and covered with pearly beads,'
from which flirting, rose-colored ribbons hang and flaunt gayly out on the breeze. Shamelessly painted and rice-powdered!
with slender eyebrows traced and blackened, are these baby faces. Only there can be no shame where such perfect Innocence
abideth.
Through the slits where commonplace business letters ordinarily are passed by Uncle Sam's postmen, long-nailed
fingers are poking cherry-colored Flips of paper— John's New Year's card. John himself, though he spends the fuilness of
his love for gaudy colors on his children, stands here smoking a cigar, that looks like a good dear, so enjoyingly does he
smoke It. He is clothed in an over-vest of f-mbossr-d blue wadded silk. His blouse, whose skirts sweep far below the ordi
nary length of blouses, is a vivid greenish gold, and his trousers are green as only Chintse truus rs and California's hills
dare to be.
A door opens and an old Chinese bows out two of his visitors. There's Oriental courtesy for you and Oriental grace,
too. One doesn't recognize John, he Is so noble, so fine a gentleman. He stops before a little stand on which are Chinese
candies, heaps of sugary white and molasses brown and soft-shelled nuts. And John, like the grand seigneur he Is, buys a
quantity to bestow with sundry dimes upon the children of the next house where he is to call. Further on he meets a fine
looklng young Chinaman, with a creamy pale tan face full of intelligence. He wears an upperg-arment of deep, heavy garnet
silk, richly embosso*!, and beneath the p.ik- lavender of his trousers fades away lntothe white of his stockings and the green
embroidered slippers. They shake hands with all cordiality, each with himself, the right hand of each pressing his own
left hand with a genial warmth there is no mistaking.
"Goon Hay — Congratulations! Fat Choi — Good luck!"
And they stand for a moment behind a telegraph pole .that lavender trousers may light his cigar at the glowing spark
behind which pea-green trousers placidly puffs. Then another warm handshake, a strictly limited affair as before, where
my right clasps not your right, but my own left, in hearty goodfellowship; and then a courteous bow and each of us sails
down street, his silken robes streaming gallantly in the soft wind.
They walk well, too, these gorgeous Eastern gentlemen, as men In knightly costume on the stage do— no, aa they ought
and do not. »
In the restaurants quantities of tea are being consumed and pleasant things being said nnd the compliments of the
season exchanged. The balconies are cleaned and decorated and hung with heavy red tassels and tinseled flowers and
Chinese lanterns. From above a placid-faced Celestial looks down upon the crowded street; and from the street he ap
pears not the John we know, but the noble Oriental of some fairy tale.
John's lady Is a marvel of elegance, too. She totters across the cobble stones arrayed In blue embroidered in pink and
white. Her face is painted Into a doll-like placidity. She, too. wears her hair bunched iriitatingly on the side and the
tinsel ornaments quiver as she hobbles along, her slanting eye meekly cast down and her small taDerimr flnirers hidden in
the capacious sleeves of her blouse.
The great Joss houses are stiff and stately with gold, and the gloomy god crouches back In the dusk behind the altar
where perfumed tapers burn, smelling of sandalwood. All prayers have been said here early in the morning You'll buy
your little worthless package of punks for 25 cents, which Is a graceful Oriental way of charging an entrance fee and
you'll give it to the first soft-faced Chinese child you meet on your way down town and back to the West
Just before you cross the frontier.though, you'll stop a moment to watch three or four -mall Chinese gentlemen
none of whom has seen more than perhaps three New Years. They are gorgeously arrayed in orange and cold and oea
green and purple, and odd as it may seem, the combination of colors is no more offensive to the eve than it Is In a Deacocks
tall or a flamingo's plumage, or in an orchid or in a sunset. These babies are for all the world' Like proud little Dieeons
strutting and cooing about each other. First one bows and then another .and then they all bow lower and lower more
and more courteously. They have watched their elders, and. like all rising generations, are assured of their' own superior
ity to those of the old regime. So with the quaintest, Eastern gravity they bow and bow. like little nodding mandarins out
upon the sidewalk, till the smallest ( QesterfleM of them all o'erleaps himself in his vaulting ambition and comes to erief
rolling like a silken rainbow ball out into the gutter. mmtlon ana comes to snet.
But here's a white woman with more nickels than she knows what to do with. She comforts him with B cents and
the crestfallen tiny mandarin disappears to have his toilet rearranged. And then she bestows other nickels Durelv for th«
fun of hearing these small birds of paradise say "Goon Hay!" in answer to her "Happy New \>ar'"
\ Really, it is worth while to go to see our old friend John on New Year's day. Who knows a man whit* yellow nr
black, if he never sees him at his best? * ' wnue> > ellow or
to the office of Dr. Hall for the express
purpose of submitting to a criminal oper
ation. Coakley accompanied her, and he
said that jn answer to his question the
defendant told him that there would be
no danger in his wife submitting to the
operation. Mrs. Coakley, the witness
continued, then went Into the operating
room and returned in a few minutes, ac
companied by Dr. Hall, who said that she
would be well in a few days. In place of
recovering, however, Mrs. Coakley be
came worse and died in a few days.
Question after question had to be asked
the witness to get him to tell ail he knew
about the commission of the crime, and
his demeanor impressed all who listened
to his story that he was more interested
In his own welfare than in the fate of his
wife. When he left the stand a motion
was made by the assistant District At
torney that the charge of murder against
I'uaklpy be dismissed. Judge Dunne then
ordered the charge against him with
drawn from the calendar and the prisoner
discharged. This was done, and the man
whose words had opened to him the
gates of a prison looked greatly relieved.
Whether or not Coakley"s evidence will
have gTeat weight with the Jury remains
to be seen. His confession of yesterday
was hardly compatible with many state
ments ho has made one and off the stand,
and it may not have the weight with the
twelve men who now hold the fate of Dr.
Hall In their hands the prosecution would
like. Another weak point is that the wit
ness did not see the operation performed.
THE SAX FEAXCTSCO CAKL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 22, 1898.
and his knowledge of it as merely hear
say.
After Coakley left the stand the de
fense made its opening statement. Dr.
Webster of Oakland was then put on the
stand as an expert. He testified to the
fact that the wound that is said to have
caused Mrs. Coakley's death might have
been administered a week or more prior
to her taking off. According to the
statement of Coakley on the stand the
operation was performed but two days
prior to the death of his wife, and the
suddenness of her death, in the opinion
of the physician, might have been brought
about by some constitutional difficulty
augmented by the effects of such an oper
ation as it is claimed was performed on
Mrs. Coakley. Death in such cases sel
dom results as quickly as Coakley claims,
the physician testified, unless some other
cause or disease existed. The defense
still is confident that the case is not lost,
and believes that matters will look much
brighter for Dr. Hall when their side of
the case is ready for the deliberation of
the Jury.
Divorce Suit piled.
Emma C. Phillips has filed suit for a
divorce against her husband. William E.
Phillips, on the ground of desertion.
Ten centa for a bottle of Low's Hore
hound Cough Syrup. 417 Sansome st. •
A PRIEST PROMOTED.
Father Dorrin Appointed Pastor
of Halfmoon Bay by the
fJrchbishop.
Father Dorrln, who for several years
has been assistant at St. Josephs, in this
t-ity, has lately received promotion, he
having been appointed pastor of Half
moon Bay.
Father Dorrin was a San Francisco boy
and for a number of years was assistant
at St. Marys, in Oakland, but he later
came to St. Mary's Cathedra! in this city
an ij ¥ m there went to St. Joseph's.
lie ha£ been a priest fourteen years
having been one of the most conscientious
workers and has always been held as one
of the kindest friends of the poor.
The Battle In the Wilderness.
The mass-meeting at the Toungr Men's
Christian Association Auditorium, Mason
a "2 Ellis strets, to-morrow afternoon
will be open to both mon and women'
Rev. William Rader. pastor of vhe Third
* '.nxroßational Church, w4l! deliver an
sa on "Th* Hattle in the Wilder
ness, which will be of special Interest
to young people In general. Seats free
and all are welcome. The service com
mences promt Uy at 3 o'clock.
RECORDER
GLYNN IN
THE TOILS
J. G. Maloney Makes
Some Very Seri
ous Charges.
The County Official Will
Appear Before the
Grand Jury.
Ex- Employes of the Opinion
That All Is Not Well in
the Rotunda.
WHAT WILL IT RESULT IN?
City Officials Will Anxiously Watch
the Case for Startling Devel
opments.
"•Tie Grand Jury has a case on hand
based on flection 2 of the statutes,
1871-2, act 951. which will without doubt
cause them an amount of worry even
though the case presented results only
In the reprimanding of one Individual.
For weeks past there has been a dis
turbance In the air and questions have
been asked as to what was the trou
ble, but no Information was forthcom
ing. Now it is learned that John G.
Maloney, living at 4105 California street,
has preferred charges against County
Recorder Glynn. and he bases his
charges on the above sections.
For the past few months Maloney has
worked In the Recorder's office and
claims that he knows what he is about
and his statement is believed by his
brother workers. Although Maloney
was dismissed from the local police
force for having bitten off an ear be-
longing to an officer by the name of
Field, his statement is not weakened
thereby. At any_rate the charges have
been sent to the Grand Jury and ac
tion will be taken at the next meet
ing.
Mr. Maloney said last evening: "I
first preferred charges against the Re
corder in a written statement to the
Mayor. James D. Phelan, but receiving
no satisfaet<.ry reply I concluded that
I would speak in a place where I would
at least be heard. Accordingly I no
tified the Grand Jury of many actions
of Mr. Glynn. and I think an action will
he taken which will not result favorably
to the man I believe is guilty of mis
conduct.
"I went to the Recorder's office
three years ago and have seen many
things which have made me suspicious
regarding the honesty of the Recorder.
Each month our warrants are put in
and many times we have discovered
that an amount over what we have
called for has been placed before us.
After a time we discovered that our
warrants had been overdrawn and that
the amounts went into the hande of the
Recorder. \
'•It was also seen that there were a
few pets in the office who received
much more than should have been
given. For instance, Clark got $54 for
four days' work, as did Harrison $56,
Zimmerman $57, and Silvey $57, for four
days' work. lam under the impres
sion that the employes did not receive
the whole amount which they had
drawn. I ampositively aware of the
fact that the Recorder has signed war
rants which he knew were not correct,
and I will give him a chance to pnve
that I am wrong.
"He has also taken money from us.
presumably for his own use, by asking
us for a donation toward the making
of the boulevard. The amount re
ceived would figure up about $400, but
we see nothing of it. nor even an ac
knowledgment that we have given the
money. When our warrants are raised
we get the sum due us and some one
who is in the office gets the rest
through the broker. Kampe, who is
connected with the Grand Jury. I am
under the impression that that is one
reason why we cannot procure Justice
in this matter.
"Cooney. who is related to the Re
corder, has a finger in the pie, accord-
Ing to my information, and I am anx
ious to see where it will all end. The
employes gave un about $400 to help
fight the election in behalf of Glynn.
but after it was declared no contest by
the Supreme Court we never received
a cent of our money. Some interesting
facts will pop at the next meeting of
the Grand Jury, and T believe Glynn
is awaro of the fact. T base my chargos
on the code which states that 'Every of
ficer of the State or arty county. ci*y
or township therein who keeps or re
tains any part or portion of the salary
or fee allowed by law to his deputy
clerk, or subordinate officer, is guilty
of a felony,' and I claim that raising
warrants and otherwise keeping what
by law belongs to his subordinates is a
violation of the code."
PIONEER AND MINER.
SKetch of the Successful Career
of Isaac L. Requa.
Chief among the men who have aided
materially In the development of the
great mining resources of California
none Is more conspicuously prominent
than Isaac L. Requa. This gentleman
has been identified with all the prin
cipal mining companies in the State,
and on questions pertaining to this
subject he is a recognized authority.
Mr. Requa is a man of great force of
character and a shrewd business man,
qualities which* have enabled him to
amass a very considerable fortune.
Mr. Requa is 65 year* of age, but he
is as active as many men of 30. He
arrived in San Francisco in ISSO and at
once engaged In mining. He was at
various times superintendent of the
Union Mill and Minin< Company of
Virginia City, Chollar, Potosi. Norcross
and Savage mines. He succeeded in sink
ing a vertical shaft 3250 feet in the Sav
age mine, which was in many respects
a wonderful feat. He remained in Vir
ginia City until 18^3, when he removed
to his present home in Oakland. At the
present time, besides holding large in- j
terests in many valuable mining prop
erties, Mr. Requa is president of the
Central Pacific Railway and of the
Oakland Bank of Savings. He owns
one of the handsomest residences
across the bay and is known socially
as a most hospitable entertainer.
Among the builders of this great com
monwealth Mr. Requa holds a high
place.
The facsimile ynj? yrg%_±Ju~ ** ou every ■wrapper
■ignatnre of ?v? v Wuz//Jr+6c£Zii& of CASTOBIA.
RECOVERED
PART OF THE
PLUNDER
Burglary at Franklin
and Washington
Streets.
The Residence'of William
Burke Thoroughly
Ransacked.
Two Ex-Convicts Enter the
House Unknown to the
Servant Girl.
STEAL VALUABLE JEWELS
A Portion of Their Booty Is Found
in a Mission Street Pawn
shop.
Detectives Sllvey andßyram are look
ing for a brace of clever burglars who
entered the residence of William Burke
at Washington and Franklin streets,
and stole Jewelry and silverware valued
at $1000. An entrance was effected by
opening the front door with a skeleton
key. Mr. Burke and his family were
absent, having gone to the theater. In
the house at the time were the servant
and a sick woman, who was a friend of
Mrs. Burke. The former was sitting
in the kitchen when the burglars en
tered. After opening the front door, un
known to the servant, they quietly
walked upstairs to the bedroom occu
pied by Mrs. Burke. With the aid of a
"jimmy" they broke open the bureau
drawera, taking a miscellaneous assort
ment of jewelry and silverware, belong
ing to the family. The burglars, after
securing the booty, walked downstairs
and emerged from the house without
disturbing the occupants.
It was not until Mr. Burke and his
wife returned to their home that they
discovered that the house had been en
tered by burglars. They at once re
ported the burglary to the police, and
Silvey and Byram were detailed to ar
rest the house-breakers.
Last night the detectives found some
of the stolen silverware in a pawnshop
on Mission street, where it had been dis
pqsed of by the burglars. They took
It to police headquarters and turned it
over to Captain 80-hen.
From the description given of the
men who disposed of the stolen prop
erty the detectives are convinced that
they are two ex-convicts, who were re
cently released from San Quentin after
serving a short sentence for burglary
committed in this city.
Last evening the description of the
burglars was read off to the officers of
both stations with instructions to ar
rest them if found. They are regarded
as desperate characters, and likely to
resort to murder if cornered while com
mitting a crime.
NO WINE FOR
THE CRUISER
Protest Against the Ceremony
of Breaking a Bottie at
Launching.
Women who Think th« Japanese
Custom of Freeing Doves Would
Be Enough.
If the California Women's Christian
Association has its way, the Japanese
cruiser Chitose will have nrrwine dripping
from its prow when it takes its first dip
in the waters of the bay this morning.
According to Japanese custom, as the
wine bottle breaks on the iron front two
doves will be released. The ladies think
the freeing of the birds will constitute
enough ceremony. They would have no
wine spilled, but would desire the office
for which Miss Budd has been selected
purely honorary. They have formulated
a protest, signed on behalf of the union
by B. Sturtevant Peet (president), Dorcas
J. Spencer (corresponding secretary) and
Rose M. French. This has been sent to
Irving M. Scott of the Union Iron Works.
It is as follows:
"The California Women's Christian
Temperance Union, ' speaking for
thousands of mothers of this State,
esteem it an honor to protest against
a long-established usage, and would
respectfully call your attention to the
Japanese custom of freeing a dove aa
a feature in the ceremony of launch
ing a ship. Wine is dangerous, too,
while the dove Is a world-recognized
emblem of peace. To free the dove
Instead of breaking a bottle of wine,
as is our custom -upon similar occa
sions, would be a happy innovation,
and at the same time complimentary
to the custom of the nation for whom
the ship to be launched January 22
1898, is constructed."
Letters, with copies of the protest, have
been sent to Miss L. Budd, niece of the
Governor, who is to christen the cruiser
to her mother, and also to Mrs. Irving
M. SCbtt; and It is pointed out that at
the christening of the Japanese cruiser
Kasagi at the Cramps' shipbuilding
yards rec.ently the breaking of wine was
dispensed with.
It Is not believed that any change in the
original programme will result from this
protest, as wine has always been used
on similar occasions at the Iron Works
without evil effect, so far as noticed. The
wine was observed to mingle with such
an expanse of water that it was hopeless
ly diluted— the water saline at that
A DESPERATE CHARACTER.
William Devine, an Ex-Corjvict
Held for Burglary.
William Devine, an ex-convict, was yes
terday held to answer before the Supe
rior Court by Judge Conlan on a charge
of burglary in $2000 bonds. He broke into
the Webb House on Second street and
stole a number of articles. There is an
other charge of burglary against him, to
be heard next week.
Devine's real name is Tom Desmond,
and he is looked upon by the police as a
desperate character. About ten y.ars
ago he broke into a jewelry store on
Market street and a few days later De
tective Bee discovered him In a pawn
shop on Fourth street trying to sell a
revolver. Bee placed him under arrest,
but he showed fight, and a desperate
struggle followed for possession of the
revolver. Desmond got Bee's right
thumb between his teeth and bit it to
the bone, and Bee carries the mark to
this day. Bee finally laid him out and
handcuffed him.
: , NEW TO-DAY. ::
"SOLlD,— not liquid!"
A Screw Loose!
The queer mental attitudes we take are
simply mild insanity — nervousness.
Dr. x^ft*k\
fhairnl-'c I '*\
remedy for unhealthy fancies. V
They renew and strengthen |l
the nerves and impel them |\
to vigorous action. They U
tighten •' loose screws." ( j
Dr. Charcot's Kola Nervine VL
Tablets have no "after effects" T?
they produce permanent Ji*s*
good. •"•«
Write for proofs of cures. 50c »nd (1
a package. Get them of your druggist, or
Eureka Chemical and Manufacturing- Co.
La Crosse. W'is.
Redingtoa & Co., general distributors.
— -»
FURNITURE,
CARPETS,
BEDDINGS!
(r%s~ — *
"PUSHING THINGS."
Our EASY TERMS agree with
all comers.
J. NOONAN,
1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
516-518-520-522 Minna St.,
fJBOVE SIXTH ST.
Telephone, South 14. Open Evenings.
"good TIES HAVE come.
You can afford to indulge yourself or your
family in the luxury of a good weekly news-
paper and a quarterly magazine of fiction.
You can get both of these publications with
almost a library of good novels for $5 per year.
QAPV YORK Hf TKlfl&aW
■world-famed for its brightness and the most
complete General Weekly— covering a wiaer
range of subjects suited to the tastes of men
and women of culture and refinement than any
journal— ever published. Subscription price,
$4 per annum. .
TALES FROM TOWN TOPICS, a 25 6-pag»
Quarterly Magazine of fiction, appearing tha
first day of March, June, September and De-
cember, and publishing original novels by tha
best writers of the day and a mass of short
I stories, poems, burlesques, witticisms, etc
j Subscription price, $2 per annum.
Club price for both, $5 per annum.
i"ou can have both of these if you subscribe
NOW and a bonus of 0 novels selected from
the list below. Regular price for each, 50
cents. . All sent postpaid.
Remit $5 In New York exchange, express or
postal money order, or by registered letter,
I together with a list of the 10 novels selected,
i by numbers, to
TOW* TOPICS.
so* Firm Avenue, .Yew York.
•—THE SALE OP A SOUL. By C. M. S. MeLellan.
7— THE COUSIN OF THE KING. By A. S. VanWestrura.
j B— SIX MONTHS IN HADES. By Clarice I. Clineham
j »-THE SKIRTS OF CHANCE.* By Captain Alfred
io-AN™oN°y'kENT. By Charles Stokes Wayne.
I »— ANTHONY KENT. By Charles Stokes Wayne.
i 11— AN ECLIPSE OF VIRTUE. By Champion BisselL
I 12— AN UNSPEAKABLE SIREN*. By John Ciillat
13-THAT DREADFUL WOMAN. By Harold R. Vyiraa.
14-A DEAL IN DENVER. By Gilmer McKendree.
IS-\VHY» SAYS GLADYS. By David Christie Murray.
,ifr-A VERY REMARKABLE GIRL. By L. H. Blckford.
>7— A MARRIAGE FOR HATE. By Harold R. Vyane.
IS-OUT OF THE SULPHUR. By T. C. De Leon.
">-THE WRONG MAN. By Champion Bissell.
ao— THE HUNT FOR HAPPINESS. By Anita Vlvtatl
Chartres.
•i-HER STRANGE EXPERIMENT. By Harold R. Vyno«.
"~°.'\. THE ALTAR OF PASSION. John GilUat.
«J-A. MARTYR TO LOVE. By Joanna E. Wood.
* Must Vacate
By the Ist of February.
TURKISH RUG. CO.'S ART ROOMS,
324 SUTTER STREET.
The Entire Stock of Rare
TURKISH, TJTT/^'CJ'
PERSIAN nuvjrO.
1000 Pairs Moorish, Oriental, Bacdad
' Portieres, Draperies, Etc.,
Will be Sold Out at AUCTION
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY,
Jan. 20, 21. 22, at 2 and 8 p.m. daily.
At 324 SUTTER STREET.
EASTON* EL.DRIDGE & CO.. Auctioneer*.
#■**#■•{•■***# ■=■■ ?■•■:■: ■■- •■* ■: . :: ■ : •: :- • •: ■:• *- •.? *** # *
1 PERFECTION.:. PREVAILS I
IcuisineTseryicel
H '. — IN THE— ' *
I LADIES' GRILL
°he PALACE.
* Direct Entrance from Market Street %