VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 107.
TWO GOOD SHIPS
LAY THEIR BONES
IN THE STRAITS
The Steamers Coya and Mataura, Heavily
Laden, Strike on the Rocky
Shores of Magellan.
One an American Boat and the Other an English
Liner Whose Crew and Passengers Suffer
Almost Incredible Hardships From
Exposure.
rHE little steamer New England has
arrived here from Boston, bringing
particulars of the loss of two mag
nificent ocean steamers in the Straits
of Magellan. One of the vessels be
longed to the Now Zealand Shipping Com
pany, and was on her way from Welling
ton," N. Z.. to London with a cargo valued
at over $2,000,000, and the other belonged
to the New York and Pacific Steamship
Company, and was on her way from New
York to Valparaiso with a cargo valued
at over $1,000,000. Both steamers were al
most brand new, and probably cost in the
neighborhood of $1,000,000 to build and
equip. The New Zealand boat was a
total loss, as no attempt could be made
at salving the cargo, owing to the native
Patagonians, who appeared in force
whenever anybody attempted to approach
the wreck, but in the case of the New
York vessel a wrecker was at work on
her when the New England passed.
In talking about the matter yesterday
Chief Officer L. A. Spinney of the New
England said: "We had a splendid voy
age all the way from Boston except for
one little gale, which caught us in the
Gulf stream. We had fine weather all
the way through the Straits of Magellan
and I never saw such wonderfully beau
tiful scenery as I did there. There are
magnificent snow and ice bound mountains
piercing the skies, their lower slopes
richly clothed with mighty forest trees
and the water still and mirrorlike. In
winter the passage is complicated by ice
bergs, formed often by the avalanches
which crash down the mountain sides and
at other times are floated in from the
Antarctic. Luckily we escaped contact
with any of these gentlemen.
"In the straits it nearly always blows
from the westward and a close lookout
nas to Ln Kept for the 'willie-waws.'
These are squalls which come down from
the hills in all directions and gather In
a funnel shape, and woe betide the ship
which gets caught in the center of them.
It was in one of these that the steamer
City of Columbia, now so long out from
New York for Saa Francisco, came to
grief. She was making a short cut
through Smyth Channel, in the Straits
of Magellan. She came to an anchor in
the night and a 'willie-waw' caught her,
causing her to drag- her anchor and drift
ashore. She struck hardest under the en-
gines, but was got off and proceeded to
Talcahuano. * She was not making a great
deal of water, but the captain decided to
dock her. He could not do so, however.
because a Chilean man-of-war was on
the drydock, so he proceeded to Valpa-
raiso. There the steamer was docked
and It was found that she was very badly
damaged and that it would take a large
sum of money to repair her. The City
of Columbia had quite a large number of
passengers on board, among whom were
NEWS OF THE DAY.
■Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Fair on Thursday; continued
coid weather; southeasterly, chang
ing to northwesterly, winds. .
Maximum temperature for the past i
twenty-four hours: <
San Francisco 46 degrees
Portland 52 degrees <
Lob Angeles 66 degrees <
San Diego 56 degrees <
FIRST PAGE. <
Steamers I»st in Magellan Straits. <
President Still Hopes for Peace. <
SECOND PAGE. <
The Needs of the Navy. <j
Havanese Want War. <j
Court of Inquiry Not Ready. 4
Spanish Claim a Victory- 4
French Fleet to Help Russia. <$
THIRD PAGE. <
The Latest News From Daweoli. 4
Trains a Cannon on a Mob. 4
El Dorado on Vancouver. <g
Rich Ore In the Stickeen. <J
Goaded to Death by Fire. <s
Trial of Fratricide Clark. <$
Deadly Fumes Kill Timber.
Funeral of General Rosecrana.
FOURTH PAGE. <J
Frost Damages Fruit Crops. 4
Annexation Treaty Abandoned. <«
Mangled by Deadly Dynamite. 4
The Gang Scores Boss Rea. <!
Double Tragedy at St. Helena. 4
Railway With Bed of Brush. <$
Sacramento to Expel Gamblers. <J
Powderly Gets His Job. 4
FIFTH PAGE. <S
Progress of the Hoff Case. 4
Ada Lewis Denies Engagement. 4
Jackson in Condition. 4
Deprived of Prison Privilege* 4
SIXTH PAGE. 4
Editorial. 4
The Bar and the Bar. 4
Five New Drydocks. 4
The Heroes of '9S. 4
The Elect of the Fleeced. 4
Colnon's Evasion. 4
War and the Food Supply. 4
Around the Corridors. 4
SEVENTH PAGLI. 4
Improving the Fire Department 4
Weight Sealers Not Wanted. 4
Telephone System Denounced. 4
EIGHTH PAGE. <$
St. Patrick's Day Programme. <$
Pullman-West Wedding. 4\
A Battle With Footpads. 4
NINTH PAGE. 4
Whites In Opium Dens. 4
Report on the National Guard. <?
TENTH PAGE. <$
The Commercial World. <$
ELEVENTH PAGE. <$
An Old-Time Bell. <$
News From Across the Bay. 4\
TWELFTH PAGE. $
Racing at Emeryville. <?i
The City Visited by Snow. Q
THIRTEENTH PAGE. <8>
Births, Marriages and Deaths. ®
FOURTEENTH PAGE. $>
The Ferry Building Scandal. 4)
The San Francisco Call
twenty widows, all of whom were bound
for the Klondike.
"The latest news from the Columbia is
that the money to pay for her repairs in
not forthcoming from the agents in New
York, and the vessel Is being held for
the debt, while the Klondlkers are prac
tically stranded in Valparaiso.
"Passing Baxa Point, in the Straits of
Magellan," continued Mate Spinney, "we
saw the wreck of a steamer about a half
mile from shore. We ran down to it, and
found it to be the steamer Coya, from
New York for Valparaiso. She is owned
by the New York and Pacific Steamship
Company, but was under charter to
Grace & Co. of New York. The rock on
which she struck is the only one in the
vicinity, and there is 18 feet of water on
that at low tide. Had she gone 100 feet
on either side of it all would have been
well. Instead of that, however, she could
not have struck it squarer if she had
been trying to find it, and the result is
the total loss of an almost brand new
steamer. From what we could gather,
the Coya had got a little off her course,
being too close in shore. She waa being
hauled up on it again when she struck
on the rock and at once began to fill. The
crew took to the boats and landed at
Delgado Point. When we were there a
wrecking schooner was working on the
Coya and salving as much of me cargo as
they could get at. The cargo was being
stored at Delgado Point."
The Coya was a steel steamer, built
in 1595. She was 3040 tons gross burden,
322 feet long, 42 feet 7 inches broad and
18 feet 6 inches deep. She was splendidly
fitted throughout and was one of the fin
est steamers running between New York
and Valparaiso.
"While we were in Montevideo," con
tinued Mate Spinney, "we met Captain
Millward of the- British steamer Mataura,
\ and he told us of the loss of his fine ves
sel on Desolation Island, so we were pre
pared to sight another wreck before we
got tnrough the Straits of Magellan. The
Mataura had been run ashore in Sealer .
Cove, and both vessel and cargo were a j
total loss. From what we could gather j
from the captain and crew, the vessel !
had made good time all the way from j
New Zealand except for a Blight delay
caused by an accident to the machinery. !
She was going full speed when she struck i
on Desolation Island. . She struck twice, !
and made water rapidly, the carpenter I
reporting two large leaks. She was run !
into a little sheltered bay called Sealer i
Cove and the anchor waa dropped. As '
the steamer was sinking rapidly, the |
boats, with provisions and all on board, j
! were landed on the beach. The weather !
was rough and cold, and there was a j
I heavy rain for two days, and everybody j
| suffered a great deal, particularly two
j lady passengers, a Mrs. A. J. Park and '
: her daughter.
"For two days the bad weather con
tinued, but directly it moderated the five
boats made a start for Punta Arena. The
captain's boat parted from the others
during the night, and the other four were
compelled to put back to Sealer Cove.
Later the captain's boat, with the two
lady passengers in it, was picked up by
the steamer Hyson and landed at Punta
Arena. The four other boats put to sea
again the day after the captain was
picked up, but they al3o parted company
In the fog, and the chief officer's boat
w/ls picked up by the Chilean surveying
vessel Toro, which later on also picked up
two more of the boats. The remaining
boat was picked up by the Yanez, an
other surveying boat, so the whole crew,
sixty-two souls in all, were once more
united at Punta Arena, having suffered
terribly from the exposure.
"Sealer Cove, where the Mataura was
wrecked, is on the western section of the
straits — that is, the half between Cape
Forward and the Pacific Ocean. At this
part of the straits the set and change of
the tide are very uncertain, owing to the
meeting of the Jerome Channel tides with j
those of the straits. On the west side of '
the Jerome Channel are two coves, "Wood j
Cove and Sealer Cove, the latter being ;
the place where the Mataura was i
beached. A very heavy fog had hung
over the straits for some days, and Cap
tain MlUward of the Mataura stated tb&t
SA^ FRAKCISCO, THURSDAY, MARCH 17, 1898.
he was not sure of his position. He had
about made up his mind to put about and
take his ship around the Horn when she
struck on the reef, and all was over."
The Mataura was a two-deck steel
screw steamer of 5794 tons gross burden.
She was built in 1896 and was 421 feet long,
fifty-four feet six inches in breadth and
twenty-nine feet one inch deep. The en
gines were triple expansion and she was
fitted up with electric lights and supplied
with refrigerating machinery on the lat
est principle.
The Mataura's cargo consisted princi
pally of 16,535 bales of wool, valued at
51,250,000. Besides this she had 2830 pack
ages of cheese, 1374 packages of butter,
20,508 carcasses of mutton, 315 carcasses
of lamb, 2733 cases of rabbits, 900 cases
of meats and various other consignments,
all of which were valued at another mil
lion of dollars.
The little steamer New England, which
brought the particulars of the above two
wrecks, is a brand new vessel which has
come out here to engage in the halibut
fishing. She is commanded by Captain J.
W. Small, the chief engineer is R. S.
Dodge, the first assistant engineer
Charles Bassett, and she carries a crew
of eighteen all told. She is very com
fortably fitted, and everybody on board
lives in one large cabin, the captain's and
officers' rooms opening out into the main
room. They all seem to be like one fam
ily, and certainly a Jollier set of men
never came through the Golden Gate.
They only signed for this voyage, and
the majority of the boys will leave the
steamer when she reaches Puget Sound,
and will strike out for the Klondike. The
New England is a very pretty little ves
sel, and can reel off her thirteen knots an
hour when in trim. She will coal here,
after which she will proceed to Vancou
ver, B. C, where she will be laid up until
the season for halibut fishing opens.
MILLIONS GIVEN
FOR COAST DEFENSE.
The Engineers' Department Has
Scored a Victory in the Matter
of the Big Appropriation.
NEW YORK, March 16.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says:
Brigadier-General John M. Wilson,
chief of the engineers of the army,
scored a point to-day in securing
through Secretary Alger the approval
of the President for an allotment of
$5,000,000 for extending work on sea
coast fortinofttione. This sum will ba
WOULD NOT SELL CUBA.
MADRID, March 16.— A semi
official agency to-day publishes
the following announcement:
"It is useless to talk of the sale
of Cuba. The sale could not be
arranged except by Parliament,
and it is impossible that any
Spanish chamber would agree to
sell the island at any price."
taken from the $50,000,000 for national
defense and puts the Engineers' de
partment in a position to hasten work
on coast defenses all along the line.
It will not only permit the purchase
of large quantitips of new building ma
terial and the employment of large
numbers of ■rnrkmen to hurry to corn-
pletion the emplacements and maga
zines already planned and in course of
construction on the Atlantic and Gulf
coasts, but will also make it possible for
the chief of engineers, If he deems it
advisable, to go outside the recom
mendations of the old Endicott bill and
begin the fortifications of places like
Jacksonville. Tampa, Port Royal and
others which have not hitherto been in
cluded in the general fortification bill.
Such places have risen to great im
portance since the Endicott Board
made its report thirteen years ago, and
the chief of engineers has recognized
the necessity of making further provi
sion for their defense, but has been un
able to do anything in this direction on
account of the smallness of the annual
appropriations for the use of the En
gineers' department.
Plans are under consideration for the
rapid fortification of the new points
mentioned, as well as Dry Tortugas,
and it is probable that contracts will be
let shortly for the beginning of the
work. There is still very much to be
done all along the Eastern coast, and
the allotted sum to-day will be appor
tioned in small sums to cover the whole
territory.
COMMANDER BROWNSON
ARRIVES AT LONDON.
LONDON, March 16.— Commander W.
C. Brownson, the special commissioner
of the United States Navy Department
for the inspection and selection for
purchase, if conditions should require,
of warships of foreign powers now on
the market, arrived here to-day. In
the course of a brief interview, he ex
pressed himself as gratified to learn
that the American Government had
purchased the Brazilian cruisers Ama
zonas and Admiral Abrouall.
Commander Brownson went immedi
ately to the United States Embassy,
where he had a conference with Lieu
tenant Colwell, the naval attache.
EXPEDITION TO
INVADE PORTO RICO.
NEW YORK, March 16.— A Havana
dispatch says: Madrid advices state
that the Government has learned that
Cuban residents in the United States
and some Cuban officers who have re
cently arrived there from General
Garcia's camp are planning an impor
tant expedition to invade the island of
Porto Rico. The Minister at Washing
ton has been Instructed to make all ef
forts to prevent at any cost tae depart
ure of such an expedition.
WHY THE PRESIDENT
STILL CHERISHES THE HOPE
OF PEACE WITH SPAIN
He Admits There Are Troublesome Times Ahead
and There Is No Question Spain Is Pre
paring for a Diplomatic Row.
NEW YORK, March 16.—
The Herald's Washington cor
respondent sends the following:
I learn to-night the principal
reason for the President's op
timistic views regarding the ex
isting situation. On account of
the pressure to be brought upon
Spain by European financiers
and others who control her
purse strings, and our state of
preparation to meet war, he be
lieves Spain will find a way to
comply with our demands, both
as regards the Maine disaster
and the general Cuban question.
He admits, however, that there
are ugly times ahead, and that
many war scares are likely, even
if hostilities in the end can be
avoided.
The attitude assumed by Spain in in
timating that the presence of United
States war vessels in close proximity
to Cuba is interfering with the success
of autonomy, as exclusively announced
in the Herald this morning, shows that
the Spanish Government is preparing
for a diplomatic controversy that does
not forebode graceful submission to the
demands which may be made in the di
rection of independence for Cuba.
The action of Minister Polo v Bemabe
yesterday in suggesting to Assistant
Secretary Day that the withdrawal of
our vessels and a less bellicose attitude
on our part pending the forthcomine
elections is considered by some diplo
mats here as a good diplomatic stroke
for Spain. The object, evidently, is to
attempt to show to the nations of the
world that if autonomy fails it is be
cause the attitude of the United States
has been such as to encourage the insur
gents in holding out the hope of inter
vention by this country. Having inau
gurated an autonomist policy at the
urgent solicitation of this country, the
Spanish representatives here take the
ground, as made clear in Minister Poloy
Bernabe's interview with Assistant Sec
retary Day yesterday", that we should
give it every opportunity for a fair trial;
that we have not done so and that the
continued presence of a powerful fleet
within a few hours' sail of Havana will
operate to prevent a fair test of the
scheme at the forthcoming elections.
The Minister's representations, how
ever, have not changed the policy of
the administration. The North Atlantic
squadron is not only to remain where
it is, but is to be increased, and exten
sive military preparations are to con
tinue to be actively pushed. There has
been a slight change of programme in
regard to the movement of vessels in
Cuban waters. The Montgomery, now
anchored in Havana harbor, is to come
back to Key West and be replaced by
the naval supply vessel Fern. It is de
clared at both the State and Navy De
partments, however, that this change is
not due to any representations made by
the Spanish Government.
The coming week will be an eventful
one. I understand that the report of the
Court of Inquiry will be in the hands
of the President on Saturday. Antici
pating that the findings will clearly
show that an outside explosion caused
the disaster, the President has already
made up his mind what kind of a de
mand he will make upon Spain, and
will, therefore, lose no time in formu
lating his note to the Spanish Govern
ment. A full synopsis will be cabled to
Minister Woodford and the text mailed
the same day, and copies furnished to
Minister Polo y Bernabe here.
Whether the President will await a re-v
AN AUSTRIAN CONSUL
HELPING TO BUY
SPAIN A WARSHIP.
j
HAVANA, Cuba (via Key West, Fla.), March 16.— One of the
most popular men in Havana tA-day among loyal Spaniards Is the
Austrian Consul, Frederick Berndes, who, as told in a recent cable
dispatch to the Herald, has contributed to the fund being raised for
the purpose of purchasing a warship to be presented to Spain. No
one believes that Mr. Berndes made the contribution without con- :
suiting his home Government, consequently Austria is counted
upon as the sure ally of Spain in case of trouble with the United
States.
When Consul-General Lee first heard of Mr. Berndes' contribu
tion he said it was not diplomatic, and refused to believe it had
been made. The British Consul, too, seemed to think Mr. Berndes
had made an error. Mr. Berndes, however, made no explanation
further than to say he is a merchant in Havana, and made his i
contribution in his private capacity and not as the representative
of the Austrian Government.
ply from Spain before sending the re
port to Congress is uncertain. But there
will be no delay in acquainting the pub
lic with the findings of the court. I was
told to-day that it would be made public
within twenty-four hours after its re
ceipt.
Representations as to the endine of
the Cuban war will be made to Spain
immediately after, if not at the same
time with the demand for reparation on
account of the Maine disaster.
The President has in no sense
changed his purpose to insist that the
destruction of the Maine and the killinc
i of her officers and men is an additional
and final reason why war must stop.
Just when or exactly how he will carry
out this general purpose will probably
be fully determined within a very few
days after the receipt of the report.
Hoping that the whole matter may be
settled through the medium,, of diplo
macy, the President will exhaust every
means in that line at his command. He
is no longer concerned about the atti
tude of Congress, believing he will have
the support of that branch of the Gov
ernment in any course he adopts. He
is therefore withholding any advice as
to the time of adjournment, and as an
nounced by his close personal and po
litical friend, Mr. Grosvenor. in the
House to-day, he is not meddling with
Congress in any way. Activity in the
direction of an early adjournment is
now confined mainly to Mr. Reed and
his followers. It is becoming more and
more apparent every day that in spite
of the desires of some Republican lead
ers to wind up the session at an early
day, Congress will not adjourn until the
Cuban question is in a fair way to final
settlement.
A poll made by a New York paper to
day shows that the House is overwhelm
ingly opposed to an adjournment until
some action is taken in the Cuban af
fair.
The proposition to provide for ioo ad
ditional engineers is likely to renew the
dissensions between the line and staff.
Chairman Boutelle of the House Naval
Committee is said to be standing in the
way of any measures for the efficiency
of the navy demanded by the present
emergency. It is asserted in some quar
ters that he has taken issue not only
with Secretary Long, but directly with
the President, and that the situation is j
such that the administration feels that
if Mr. Boutelle is sustained by the
Naval Committee and the House the
navy will be seriously crippled. The
trouble, it is stated, arises over the "Re-
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
AUSTRIA AND ITALY
MAY FAVOR SPAIN.
WASHINGTON, March 16.—
The note of sympathy for Spain
from Vienna, followed by the re
port that Italy would like to
help Spain, is having consider
able significance attached to it
in some quarters. It is said
that both Austria and Italy will
make a demand on the United
States for indemnity for the kill
ing of the subjects of the two
countries by the deputies of
Sheriff Martin in the Hazleton
coal regions laat fall. The de
mand for indemnity can be so
timed as to make it appear that
both Austria and Italy are
against the United States and in
favor of Spain.
organization bill," which increases the
number of engineers and provides for
strengthening the efficiency of the navy.
The bill has been for some years before
Congress, and resulted in the report of
one of the boards of visitors to the
Naval Academy and the report of a
board composed of seven line and four
staff officers, appointed by the Secretary
of the Navy.
The bill was drawn up in advance of
any emergency, it being foreseen that if
ever the navy was to be called into ser
vice such a reorganization would be es
sential to its efficiency.
The emergency has come sooner than
it was expected and the administration
is represented as extremely anxious to
have the bill passed at once. The Navy
Department is so short of engineers that
the vessels in commission are represent
ed as insufficiently officered in this re
spect and they are practically unable to
officer the Minneapolis and Columbia
and the two new vessels bought abroad.
The purchase of any more vessels, it is
said, will be useless as iong as this con
dition of affairs exists, and the way is
not seen clearly to make use of the two
now purchased.
The President sent Tor Mr. Boutelle
and it is asserted Boutelle flatly refused
to permit action on the measure and
suggested that he had his own notions
about the needs of the navy. It is said
that he has taken the position that ioo
machinists will be all that are required
to relieve the strain, and that he is will
ing to have these provided for in a rider
on the appropriation bill.
Mr. Hilborn of California, who it a.2
leading member of the majority of the
Naval Committee, denies that there is
any difference between the administra
tion or the Navy Deportment and Mr.
Boutelle, chairman of the Naval Com
mittee. He says that Mr. Bouteile and
the rest of the committee realize the
pressing need of more engineers in the
navy and that Secretary Long and As
sistant Secretary Roosevelt were the
only ones who wanted immediate
action on the reorganization or
personnel bill. Immediate action
on this bill, he says, would be
impossible. It is a radical measure, he
said, which would have to be discussed
for a month. Chief Engineer Melville.
he says, asked for an increase of ioo en
gineers, which, it was agreed, were
needed. Melville came before the com
mittee with the proposition indorsed
by Secretary Long. It was objected in
the committee that this increase would
interfere with the personnel bill and ex
cite a fight between line and staff, and
Mr. Boutelle decided to ask the Secre
tary to appear. The Secretary appeared
with Melville and Captain Crownin
shield. The Secretary wanted the per
sonnel bill passed, but that, Mr. Hil
born says, is impossible, because it in
volves increases of pay and consolidates
the line and staff. Mr. Long and his
chiefs, Mr. Hilborn says, discussed the
situation among themselves and there
was no disagreement between them and
Mr. Boutelle. Mr. Boutelle. he says.
was ready to do the right thing, and he
proposed to give the navy ioo machin
ists instead of engineers. The appoint
ment of engineers would result in a
large increase of that* branch of the ser
vice and if the personnel bill should pass
later it would consolidate them all with
the line. He said that Mr. Boutelle was
not standing in the way of the depart
ment.
ACCUSES A LABOR
BUREAU OF FRAUD-
Workman Causes the Arrest of the
Proprietors of a So-Called Clerks'
Exchange.
SAN JOSE, March 16.— A warrant was
Issued in Justice Wallace's court to-day
for the arrest of Isaac Seeley and S. <i
Tummings, who have been conducting the
Clerks' Exchange, at 10 South Second
street, on the charge of fraudulently ob
taining money. Tho complainant is B. F.
Prather. who says he paid the Clerks" Ex
change people $5. in return for which they
wore to get him a good position. The de
fendants failed to keep their promise and
refused to refund the money.
S. G. Cummings was arrested. He
pleaded not guilty and his trial was set
for March 24. Cummings was released on
his own recognizance. Seeley is in San
Francisco and was not arrested to-day.
The Clerks' Exchange is a branch" of
the one in San Francisco, which is being
.investigated by Labor Commissioner Fitz
g-erald. The branch here was opened a
couple of months ago and through much
advertising did a good business. Com
plaints as to its mode of doing business
have been numerous and Prather is not
the first one who claims to have been de
frauded.
JAILED FOR CONTEMPT.
Visalia Citizen Refuses to Answer
Questions Put by the Court.
Found Dead in Bed.
VISALIA, March 16.— After considering
the matter for three days. Judge Webb of
Fresno, who is presiding in the Superior
Court of this county In a lengthy suit
over the division of irrigating water, com
mitted Charles D. Smith of this city to
the county jail to-day for contempt of
court in refusing to answer a question.
Mr. Smith is one of the most prominent
and reliable civil engineers in this part
of the valley. Over ten years ago he had
taken many important field notes while
surveying the bed of Deep Creek, which
stream is now figuring prominently in
the water suit in court. These notes
Smith was asked by counsel for the de
fendants to read in court. He refused to
do so. The Judge then asked him to
answer, but Smith again refused, and he
was ordered to jail until he consents to
answer. Smith's main reason for refus
ing to answer, he says, is that he has not
had time to study n.s notes, and to at
tempt to explain them without study
would result in giving false impressions
as to the facts In the case.
"I consider my word of honor worth
more than my liberty," he said to Judge
Webb. "If you wish to put me in jaii I
will have to go there."
Another reason for Smith's action is
that the attorneys for the defendants
have refused to pay him $10 a day, the
regular fee as an expert witness he has
generally received in similar cases. A
leo.of $2 a day while he was on the stand
was offered him, but he refused it.
The case in court involves most of the
Irrigation ditch companies in the county
and a good many of the riparian owners.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Bill Providing Licenses for Second
and Third Mates Passed.
WASHINGTON. March 16. -The Senate
to-day passed Senator Perkins 1 bill pro
viding licenses for second and third mates
on seagoing steam vessels.
Army orders— By direction of the Assist
ant Secretary of War. Walter E. Burke,
ordnance detachment, Benicia Arsenal,
California, will be discharged from the
service of the United States on receipt of
this order by the commanding officer of
his station. Private William Pfeiffer,
band. Seventh Cavalry, now at Fort
Grant, Arizona, is, upon his own applica
tion, transferred to the band of the Third
Artillery, and will be sent to the station
of that organization, Angel Island, Cali
fornia. Private Charles Rademacher,
Company H, First Infantry, now at Be
nicia Barracks, California, is, upon his
own application, transferred to Battery
G, Third Artillery, apd will be sent to the
station of that battery. Angel Island, Cal
ifornia.
Pensions — California: Original— Charles
Belville. Montpelier, $8; Frederick Fink
belner. Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $8;
George Huntingdon, Santa Ana, $6; James
Curry, North Temescal, $6.
Oregon: Original— David A. Sheppard,
Happner, $8. Original widows — Mary
Wood, Ashland, $S.
Washington: Restoration and reissue-
Patrick Ca.wley (dead), Manor, $12. In
crease — Joseph H. Malloy, Castle Rock.
$6 to $10. Original widows, etc. — Estella
Cartwright, Spokane, $12; Margaret Caw
ley, Manor, $8.
MBS BISE'S SUBBENDEB.
Withdraws Her Suit for the Late
George Dickson's Estate.
SAN RAFAEL, March 16.— Another sen
sation was sprung in the case of the
estate of George E. Dlckson this morning
when the contest of Mrs. Mary Rise
Dickson was dismissed by James W.
Cochrane, her attorney. Mrs. Rise, as
she is generally known In San Rafael,
claims to have been the contract wife of
the deceased, who committed suicide in
the Central Hotel at this place on the
night of January 11. 1897, leaving an estate
valued at over $40,000.
An air of mystery pervades the affair.
The dismissal was filed early this morn
ing quietly, so as not to attract atten
tion. James W. Cochrane, who appears
as attorney of record in the proceedings
for the alleged widow, was seen at his
office, but refused to give any reason for
the filing of the dismissal. .
At the office of Hepburn Wilkins, attor
ney for the estate and the Dickson heirs.
It was stated that no compromise had
been made with Mrs. Rise and that the
dismissal was filed by her or her attor
ney acting for themselves and through
no agreement with the administrator.
Mullen Wins a Fight.
PORTLAND, Or.. March 16.— Fred Mul
ler of San Francisco to-night knocked out
Dudley Evans of Portland in two rounds
at Uio" Olympic Club.
THE REAL NEED
OF THE NAVY
Department Officials Do
Not Agree With Ad
miral Kirkland.
Not Monitors That Are Wanted
So Much as Battle
ships.
Ail the Exports Say That Torpedo-
Boats Are Handy to Hay©
Around.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 16.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent tele
graphs: What the navy needs to-day
is not monitors, as asserted by Rear-
Admiral Kirkland in an interview pub
lished by the Herald, several days ago,
but sea-going battle-ships, torpedo
boat destroyers and torpedo-boats. Of
this class of ships there would be
twelve battle-ships, thirty destroyers
and seventy torpedo-boats.
This, there is authority for stating,
is the position of the Navy Department.
Since the publication in the Herald of
Rear-Admiral Kirkland's views, and
the action of the House Naval Commit
tee in incorporating a provision in the
naval appropriation bill authorizing the
building of battle-ships, the naval au
thorities have been giving very careful
consideration to the question of the in
crease of the navy. Because of this
consideration I am enabled to set forth
the position of the department In this
statement:
"The navy does not need monitors,
nor does it require coast defense bat
tle-ships. The department agrees with
Rear-Admiral Kirkland that there
should be a large number of torpedo
boats, as well as torpedo-boat destroy
ers, and we are sadly in need of these
typos of ships. Hut to say, as Rear-
Admiral Kirkland did, that the navy
should have more monitors is to tell
us in these days of steam that we
should return to sail power. Take the
monitors stationed, on the Atlantic
coast, for instance. There is the Am
phitrite at Fort Royal, the Puritan at
Hampton Roads, the Miantonomah at
Philadelphia and the Terror- at
New York. Suppose a fleet were
to attack the Amphitrite! There
is no doubt the vessel would bo
destroyed before the Puritan could
reach Port Royal and provide her with
assistance. ' The fleet could then move
to Hampton Roads, sink the Puritan
before help could be afforded by any
other monitors, and could repeat this
performance at Philadelphia and at
New York.
"On the other hand, suppose your
monitors were gathered together at
Hampton Roads. A hostile fleet would
avoid this point and sail for New
York. Even if the monitors were or
dered to sail at once for New York for
the protection of that port, their speed
being slow, the enemy would get to
New York ahead of them and do irre
parable damage before it could be
driven away. In addition to slow
speed the monitors have but small fa
cilities for carrying coal. The Monte
rey cannot get half way to Honolulu
from San Francisco unless accom
panied by lighters with coal aboard,
and if a storm should arise then she
would be unable to coal and would sim
ply be a floating raft with no ability
to go in any direction. On the other
hand the battle-ship Oregon can sail
from San Francisco to Cape Horn with
out coaling.
"The department also feels that Con
gress should have made liberal appro
priations before the present crisis came
to secure wise and judicious expendi
ture of the money. All the work now
being done is rush work, which is more
expensive than it would be if it were
being performed in time of peace. Sup
pose we laid down several torpedo
boat destroyers several years ago?
This Government would not now be
searching all over the world for de
stroyers, and if it required any addi
tional boats of this class all that would
be necessary would be to build on old
plans. Improvised boats are good
enough in their way, but, after all,
they are built for peace, not for war
and are consequently not as good as
war ships."
CHANGING THE SHIPS
IN HAVANA HARBOR.
American Vessels Will Not Be Kept
There Long Enough to Pc
Blown Up After This.
Copyrighted. 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, March 16.— The Montgom
ery will leave here to-morrow and
again be replaced by the Fern. Cap
tain Sigsbee, Mr. Wainwrlght and Mr.
Powelson will again transfer their
quarters to the latter vessel. Should
the Fern be required for further duty
in carrying relief stores to other parts
of the Island, the Montgomery or some
other vessel may come back.
It appears to be the admiral's pur
pose to make these changes occasion
ally, rather than Keep one vessel and
crew a long time in the harbor. This
policy affords an opportunity to keep
the ships clean, which is impossible
while lying in this port.
The divers to-day recovered several
of the Maine's one-pound and six
pound guns, and also saved several
breech locks of larger guns. Now that
the naval divers are relieved of work
under direction of the Court of Inquiry,
they will devote themselves as far as
possible to salvage from the wreck.
Material recovered within a few hours
to-day is valued at from $3000 to $4000.
The Spanish divers are still working a
part of each day.
SOON WILL ANCHOR
IN AMERICAN WATERS.
Cruisers Purckr.sed in England to Be
Brought Across the Sea
at Once.
NEW YORK, March 16.— From dis
patches received in this city from
Washington it is learned that the
cruiser San Francisco and her charge,
the new cruiser Amazonas, will come
direct to New York from Newcastle
on-Tyne, England. The sister ship of
the Amazonas, tha Admiral Abreuall,
will follow as soon as she is able to
proceed under her ov.-n steam. The run
across to New York is expected to
take about ten days. Both the San
Francisco and the Amazonas are very
fast ships, and a rate of fifteen knots
an hour would be easy speed for either.
The Amazonas will get a final touch
ing up at the Brooklyn Navy Yard.
As she is to-day, she represents only
hull, engines and' battery. She re
quires a thorough outfit before she is
ready for service.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 17, 1898.
THE HAVANESE
HOPE FOR WAR
WITH AMERICA
Do Not Believe That Spain
Will Win in the
Struggle.
But They Want to See the End
of the Present Conditions
One Way or the
Other.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, March 16.— The Spanish
merchants of Havana, who a few days
ago were discussing the advisability of
getting up a petition to be submitted
to Captain-General Blanco, in which
would be set forth the hopeless out
look for trade and commerce and the
future of the island if the desultory
warfare of the last three years, with
Its accompanying starvation and de
pression, is continued, have experi
enced a sudden change of heart
They are now for war with
the United States. The attitude
is not due to the flres of patriotism,
but chiefly to a desire that a solution
of the dark situation shall be reached
speedily, and their belief that war with
the United States would mean a quick
finish. It is argued that though Spain
must be humiliated frugal patriots
would be recompensed by the establish
ment of a stable government and the
increased security of life and property.
This attitude of the merchants Is a
reflection of the feeling on all sides that
an end of some kind must come soon.
The general anxiety and dissatisfaction
have led to hopes that the United
States will intervene. In which case
even the most loyal here would soon
become reconciled to a result which
they regard as inevitable and at the
same time promising for their inter
ests. The situation on the island is one
of sorrow and desolation, and the
busiest men in it are the makers of
coffins, the diggers of graves and the
wan priests who say masses for the
dead.
Geneial Lee, three months after he
came to Cuba, wrote a report for Pres
ident Cleveland in which he said Spain
could not quell the insurrection and
the insurgents could not expel the
Spanish forces from the island, and he
thought, therefore, there was nothing
to expect but a prolonged struggle,
both hopeless and barbarous. He said
yesterday that if he had to write that
report again to-day he would not
change it by dotting an "i" or crossing
a "t."
Representative Smith of Michigan, a
member of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, who, with Representative Cum
mings and Senators Thurston and Gall
inger, have been visiting towns in Cu
ba, said yesterday he was satisfied from
what he had seen that Spain could nev
er regain her sovereignty over the is
land, nor could the insurgents win un
aided. More surprising was his asser
tion that many of. the autonomist offi
cials whom he met are really in sym
pathy with the insurgents, which fact,
he thinks, causes the indifference no
ticeable among Spanish officers and
soldiers outside of Havana. Messrs.
Smith and Cummings, while coming
here on a train from Sagua, attracted
the attention of the soldiers, who left
the car, refusing to ride with Ameri
cans, and said they should be in the
cattle car.
The general feeling. Mr. Smith said,
was that the only hope for the island
was interfence by some strong outside
power.
Secretary General Congosto arrived
at the Hotel Ingleterra last evening in
great excitement, seeking the British
Consul, Alexander Gollim, to ascertain
what that official knew about the stoir
of England's expressed determination
to stand by the United States through
thick and thin. Congosto had heard
from a source which he believed, ap
parently, was reliable, that the Prince
of Wales had said the United States
would be perfectly justified in interfer
ing to prevent further bloodshed, and
that in so doing it would have the
moral support of England, and the aid
of her fleet and army should events
show the need of them. It happened
that while Congosto was telling this
story a man from "Washington was de
scribing the recent visit of Embassador
Pauncefote and the Japanese Minister
to the State Department, and the gos
sip following that because of what had
been learned regarding the attitude of
the United States in relation to the
Eastern question England and Japan
had agreed to uphold Americans in the
anticipated struggle with Spain.
Consul Gollim was highly amused at
Congosto's story and told it to General
Lee.
Congosto said English flags were fly
ing in New York, the bands there
were playing English airs and the the
aters were producing English plays.
General Lee, like the British Consul,
laughed at the story, not thinking it
likely that the Prince of Wales had
said anything, or that much weight
would be attached to it if he did. The
source of the story was not diseased
by Congosto.
I am in a position to state that the
insurgent leaders have again demon
strated their superior knowledge of
military strategy and have outwitted
their opponents, frustrating the exten-
sive movement of troops under General
Pando and those operating directly un
der orders of General BJanco, which
was intended to crush General Gomea
and his allies. General Pando had pre
pared combined operations against
Gomez, to be inaugurated on March 10.
Three columns were to attack him sim
ultaneously, Jiminez Castellanos from
Puerto Principe, Pando from Santa
Cruz del Sur. and Salcedo from the Ju
caro Trocha. Knowledge of the intend
ed attack reached Gomez, who
promptly replied with a counter move
ment that rendered futile all the Span
ish plans. The gunboat Nuevitas took
to Pando on March 9 Blanco's orders to
change the campaign, Blanco having
heard of the movement ordered by
Gomez.
The Cuban forces are now centering
at the estate "Tumagyaya" near Guay
mas and the estate "Anton." The in
surgent general, Armando Sanchez
Agramonte, has crossed the Jucaro
Moron trocha, advancing to Villas to
Join General Marco Menocal and other
forces from the east to effect an In
vasion of the western provinces. Gen
eral Cebreco and Capote will go to
the assistance of the rebels, who are
well supplied with provisions and
arms.
To meet this movement will require
prompt action on the part of the Span
ish troops, and Generals Pando and
Blanco are striving to meet the in
surgents with force sufficient to drive
them back into the Orient. Attacks
upon a train coming from Matanzas
ftn Monday show the activity of the
Insurgents in that district. In spite of
the fact that Matanzas province and
the eastern portion of Havana are
dotted with scores of Spanish camps,
the rebels ride at will, attacking except
when hopelessly outnumbered.
The Spanish authorities would not al
low real news of Monday's raid to be
sent by direct cable or to be published
in the local papers, but every one in
Havana knows the officials at the pal
ace are more worried than they have
been since the death of the daring in
surgent leader. Colonel Arangueren.
As soon as it became known that the
Matanzas train had been attacked or
ders were issued to double the military
guard on all trains running into or out
of this city and about 2C«00 men were
detailed to make a close patrol of the
track between Havana and Matanzas.
It was rumored that the insurgents had
arranged to destroy the track in sev
eral places near Jaruco, intending to
capture a train carrying money for the
troops in Matanzas. To make this im
possible an additional force of 400 sol
diers was yesterday established in Ja
ruco. If the activity of the insurgents
continues in this portion of the island
no traveling even to Matanzas will be
permitted without a military pass.
Nearly SOOO fresh soldiers have
reached Havana from Spain since
February 20. These men are all now
in active service in the western prov
ince. Those who arrived yesterday
were started for the field to-day.
GOVERNMENT WANTS
AN AMBULANCE SHIP.
WASHINGTON, March 16.— Surgeon
General Van Reypn of the navy re
turned to-day from Newport News,
whither he went to examine into the
practicability of converting the Plant
Line 6teamship Grand Duchess into an
ambulance or hospital ship for use of
the Navy Department in case of hostili
ties with Spain. The vessel, after some
necessary work, would make an admir
able ambulance ship, but the lack of
boilers, which it would take some
months to replace, limits her adapta
bility for use at the present time.
There is no room aboard the ordi
nary battleship, says General Van
Reypn, for an accumulation of wound
ed men because of the manner in which
the vessels nre cut up into a large num
ber of rooms and apartments'. Accom
panying a ileet of vessels engaged in
war should be an ambulance ship with
adequate accommodations for treating
the sick and wounded with 'the least
possible Jar and movement, and which,
flying the flag of the Geneva Conven
tion, would be free from harm from the
fire of any of the ships.
STATE MILITIA
READY FOR WAR.
SEATTLE, March 16.— Adjutant-
General J. E. Ballaine was in the city
to-day from Olympia to confer with
Brigadier-General J. D. Mclntyre and
other officers of the .National Guard of
Washington. He has been traversing
the State for several days past looking
into the condition of the various com
panies and urging that the maximum
number in place of sixty men to each
company be fully recruited. On the Ist
of January last the guard numbered
about 700, but since the probability of
war has arisen recruiting has been
quite active. General Ballaine said to
night that to-day there are 1050 officers
and men in the service. They are di
vided into eleven companies of in
fantry, two of cavalry, one battery of
light artillery and bands of music.
He added: "The full strength of the
National Guard of this State could be
mobilized within twenty-four hours
after the issuing of orders, and would
be prepared for service without addi
tional aid from the United States Gov
ernment.
Found Dead in Bed.
ST. HELENA, March 16.— J.', J. Walter
was found * dead in ■ bed . this morning ;at
the I residence " of ,W. B. York, , where ; he
spent 7 the ■ night. > Heart .; failure : was :" the
cause of his death. He was . one -of r the
heaviest land ■ owners in : Napa County,
owning three thousand acres in Pope Val
ley, besides" having Interests elsewhere.
He was the' proprietor of Walter's Min
eral Springs, and operated several : mag
nesite mines. He was a pioneer -of this
section of the Stater and leaves a widow
and : seven ■ children. He was aged ■74
years. . :• : . ■ . -.jv;.: : --:.':.' • ; ■■-■:•
♦
Death of a Napa Merchant.
NAPA. March 16.— Joshua Carter, a
native of Ireland, and 76 years of age,
died this morning. Mr. Carter settled in
Napa forty years ago. He was a promi
nent business man for many years, deal
ing in boots and shoes. A son living in
Scotland is the only surviving member of
the family.
NOT READY YET
WITH A REPORT
The Naval Court of In
quiry May Go Back
to Havana.
Will Depend Upon Whether the
Testimony Already Taken
Is Clear.
More Than Likely to Begin the
Formulation of Its Report
at Once.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Mass., March 16.— A. Mau
rice Law, a well-known and reliable
correspondent, sends the following from
Key West to-night: A member of the
Court of Inquiry told me this morning,
with the restriction that his name
should not be used, that the courT had
returned to Key West with the inten- j
I tion of beginning at once to formulate
its report. It was not the court's in
tention, he said, to return to Havana,
but that could not be finally deter
mined until the court proceeded to the
consideration of the testimony In de
tail.
"There is," said this officer, "a stack
of typewritten manuscript a foot high
which covers the testimony taken be
fore the court. No man can carry all '
this evidence in his head. It will have i
to be most carefully read. In reading !
it we may find it necessary to return
to Havana to seek further elucidation
on some point which was overlooked at
the time, but becomes of supreme im-
I portance in connection with other
•things, and must be inquired into be
fore we can reach a conclusion. In
! that case we shall return to Havana;
otherwise not."
"Would the entire court return?" this
officer was asked.
"Certainly," was the reply. "Once
constituted the court cannot be divid
ed. The entire court must act together,
and if one member leaves all must go.
It is not likely the court will go to
Washington. The report will be made
to the admiral, and, in all probability,
will be taken to Washington in person
by Judge Advocate Marix."
The lighthouse tender Mangrove, with
the Court of Inquiry on board, arrived
this morning. Admiral Sicard told me
he did not know how long the court
would be here, whether it had finished
its work and would formu4ate its report
here, or whether it would return to- Ha
vana. The court, he said, was an inde
pendent body, and could proceed as it
considered best. It is not unlikely, he
said, that Captain Sampson would ac
quaint him generally with what had
[ been done up to the present time, but
iit would not ask for orders. Some of
the Maine's officers, who are held here
i at the dispc-sition of the court, believe
the court may return to Havana, but
I they know nothing positively as yet.
! They expect to hear definitely before
many hours.
i HAS AMERICA BOUGHT
THE CARLO ALBERTO ?
Impression Officially Given Out by
the Italian Minister of
Marine.
LONDON, March 17.— According to a
special dispatch from Rome, Admiral
Brin, the Italian Minister of Marine,
in an ambiguous reply in the Chamber
of Deputies yesterday gave the im
pression that the United States had
purchased the armored cruiser Carlo
Alberto.
The Carlo Alberto is a steel-armored
cruiser of 6500 tons, 325 feet long, 54
feet beam and with a maximum
draught of 22 feet 11 inches, and was
built in Spezzia in 1896. She has a speed
of twenty knots. Her normal coal
supply is 1000 tons and her Italian com
plement is 460 men. She carries
twelve 6-inch quick-firing- guns, six 4.7
inch, two 4.9-inch, ten 2.2-inch, ten 1.4
inch guns and two Maxims. She has
five torpedo tubes.
PLENTY OF POWDER
FOR THE BIG GUNS.
The Work of Preparing for War Is
Being Rushed Wherever It is
Possible to Gain Speed.
WILMINGTON, Del., March 16.— The
Harlan & Hollingsworth Co. of this city
has received instructions from Secre
tary Long to increase the force of
workmen employed on the torpedo boat
Stringman. An extra force is at work
at the shops of the Betts Machine Com
pany, which makes machinery, to man
ufacture arms for the United States
Government. It is said that nearly 200
of these machines are to be made for
the Washington, Norfolk, San Francis
co, Brooklyn and League Island navy
yards.
The firm of Dupont & Co. are ship
ping powder almost daily to Fortress
Monroe for the big 10-inch guns.
Troops for the South.
FORT RILEY, Kan., March 16.—Bat
| tery F. Fifth Artillery, destined for Sa
! vannah, Ga., and Battery B, Fourth
Artillery, for New Orleans, left here at
10 o'clock to-night <m two special trains
I over the Union Pacific road. Battery
| F of the Fourth Artillery, destined for
I Fortress Monroe, will not leave until
j to-morrow.
STABBING AFFRAYS
IN SAN QUENTIN.
Convicts in the Big State's Prison
Quarrel and Two Receive Dan
gerous Wounds.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, March 16.-
Two stabbing affrays occurred within the
walls of the prison to-day. J. D. Sparks
a convict sent from San Bernardino foi
burglary, quarreled with Thomas Nance
a San Francisco burglar, In the JutemilJ
when the 200 convicts were lined up.
j Sparks stabbed Nance with a scissors, in
flicting a deep wounu over the eye, which
may cause his antagonist to lose his
sight
In the dining-room at supper this even
ing. Convicts FranK Williams and Harry
Lewis fought With knives. Lewis was
badly wounded.
MERCY FOB A CONVICT.
Governor Commutes the Sentence :' oi
William Edwards.
: SACRAMENTO, March ', 16.— Governoi
Biidd to-day ! commuted the life sentence
of William - Edwards, . sent ■ from '.'■■', Placei
County about ■> fourteen -\ ■.: years •.--■■ ago ?- oi
murder : in ; the : second degree, i- The com
; mutation 1 will make Edwards a free mar
| In about a s month.'- It was made upon tw<
recommendations by the State Prison Di
rectors. Edwards', health has been fail-
Jag . faultily. - " — - ■■ , : - ■-■■--•■ ■■«■.
SPANISH CLAIM
A BIG VICTORY
Report of the Defeat of
Gomez From an Offi
cial Source.
Captain Sigsbee and Captain
Converse Send Their Re
grets to Blanco.
Invited to a Banquet Which They
Are Very Sorry They Cannot
Attend.
Copyrighted, IS9B. by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, March 16. — An engage
ment of importance resulting in the
success of the loyal troops, fought on
March 12 at Lamajagua, Puerto Prin
cipe province, west of the Jucaro Moron
trocha, between the forces commanded
by Colonel Palanca and insurgents, un
der Maximo Gomez. Palanca had the
Camajucani cavalry, Arapiles' infantry
and one section of artillery. Gomez
commanded 200 cavalry and 300 infant
ry. The official report says the insur
gents were forced back with heavy loss
es, carrying off their dead and wound
ed. Only three Spanish soldiers were
killed, and Captain Sebastian Coca and
six privates were severely wounded,
and Lieutenant Martinez and seven
privates slightly wounded. Several un
important engagements were fought in
Santa Clara and Puerto Principe prov
inces.
Captain General Blanco gave a ban
quet at the palace to-night in honor of
Captain Eulate and Captain Lazaga,
officers of the Vizcaya and Oquendo,
Admiral Manterella, Harbor Master
Pastor and the officers of the Spanish
warships in the harbor, the civil and
military authorities and the colonial
government. Captains Slgsbee and
Converse of the Maine and Montgom
ery were invited, but sent regrets.
Seats of honor were given General Par
rado and President Galvez of the co
lonial government.
Several officers of the Maine will
probably leave Sunday, but Captain
Sigsbe'e will hardly be able to get away
for anc-ther week at the earliest. Chap
lain Chidwick will leave next week.
The Fern will arrive here to-morrow,
and will replace the Montgomery as the
headquarters of Captain Sigsbee and
others who are supervising the wreck
ing work on the Maine. The Montgom
ery will go to Key West shortly after
the arrival of the Fern.
La Lucha, in its leading editorial this
afternoon, says it is unable to explain
the bellicose attitude of the United
States, and inclines to the belief that
this is the fault of business syndicates
like the sugar trust, or due to some
new desire to annex Cuba, which has
"changed the physiognomy of the
American people." It claims that Spain
has done nothing to hurt the pride of
the United States, and refers to the
friendliness of Spain tor the American
colonies when they were fighting Eng
land, and also to the "strict neutrality
maintained during the civil war."
La Lucha says it can only explain the
help given the insurgents from Ameri
can sources during the present insur
rection in Cuba by "defective law,
varying in the different States of the
American Union."
The editorial says, concluding: "The
end of the journey will show which na
tion has the more to lose in a contest
| that may come now. No doubt Spain
does not fear war. Public opinion, if
not demanding, does not repel hostill
i ties. It is believed by many that this
way is the only means of reaching an
end of the present state of affairs."
PASSENGER AGENTS
UNABLE TO AGREE.
Fail to Effect a Compromise of the
Transcontinental Rate
Differences.
NEW YORK, March 16.— The sub-rom
mittee appointed at the conference yes
terday of passenger agents to formulate
a plan for settling the transcontinental
rate trouble reported back to the main
body to-day announcing its inability to
agree on any basis of settlement. Two
main propositions were presented In the
discussion of the sub-committee, one to
restore rntos and submit to arbitration
the subject in discussion, the other to let
the rates alone during the arbitration
proceedings. Neither met the wishes of
all parties, partly because the situation in
local rates in Canada as between the
Grand Trunk and the Canadian Pacific
was so strained" that no arbitration
seemed possible. The sub-committee was
given more time and will report at an
other meeting to-morrow.
SENATOR SHINE TO
SUCCEED BALDWIN.
Will Be Recommended for Appoint
ment as United States
Marshal.
WASHINGTON. March 16.— The Call
correspondent understands that State
Senator J. H. Shine will be recommended
by the California delegation (with the
exception of Mr. Loud) for United States
Marshal and it Is believed that Hebbron
of Monterey stands as good a chance of
being appointed Register of the Land Of
fice at San Francisco. The name of Prank j
Brandon of Santa Clara County has been j
mentioned for the place, and he nas a i
good friend in Senator Frank of Santa j
Clara, who stands well with Senator Per- j
kins, as Mr. Frank supported him for !
United States Senator. Mr. Brandon is j
secretary of the State Senate, but it is :
believed that he can have the place if he j
wants It.
DIES TO ESCAPE FROM
A HYPNOTIC SPELL
Suicide of a Young Man Who Be- I
lieved He Was Subject to a
Woman's Will.
PEORIA, 111., March 16.— John A. Hud- i
son Jr., believing he was under a hyp- :
notic spell, hanged himself in a barn this i
evening. Hudson some time ago made the j
acquaintance of Mrs. Dora Lee, who i
claims he begged her to marry him the i
first time he saw her. Lately he has
claimed Mrs. Lee hypnotized him. and
yesterday he grew wild, begging that she
be sent for. as she alone could take off
the spell she had put upon him.
To humor him Mrs. Lee was sent for
and when she arrived his little girl found
him In a barn tying a rope to the rafters
He was even then preparing for suicide
and after a few minutes' talk with Mrs'
Lee he returned to the barn and hanged
himself.
Mrs. Lee denies that she had hypno
tized him, and protests she knows noth
ing about the art.
Triplet Team Breaks a Record.
BELLAIRE, Fla., March 16.— A triplet j
team composed of Riser, Gardiner and ;
Miller broke the world's record for one
hour here to-day, covering 28 miles in 59
minutes and 5o seconds. The former rer
..ord was 26& miles for one hour, j
FRENCH FLEET
TO AID RUSSIA
Hurried Preparations for
a Naval Demonstra
tion in the Far East.
The Great Powers of Europe
May Have Troubles of
Their Own.
Marquis Ito Shows a Desira to Bring
China and Japan Closer
Together.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
PARIS, March 16.— The Aurore to
day affirms that the French fleet is be
ing prepared for mobilization, adding
that feverish anxiety prevails at all
the arsenals and shipyards, which ara
working until 10 o'clock at night.
The Aurore says the French North
ern squadron at Cherbourg is ready fo*
immediate departure. The ships, it ap
pears, are being swung during tha
night at Cherbourg for the adjustment
of their compasses. Finally, it is as
serted, that, in order to complete the
necessary number of officers, second
year students are to be appointed mid
shipmen, and all admirals have been
instructed to arrange to reach Paria
within twenty-four hours after being
summoned.
The Aurore explains that the mobil
ization is connected with preparations
to support Russia by a naval demon
stration in the far East.
LONDON, March 17.— The Vienna
correspondent of the Times says: On
unimpeachable authority I learn that
since the Marquis Ito became the Jap
anese Premier the relations between
Tokio and Peking have been steadily
improving. China sought his advica
on the question of intercourse with
foreigners and he urged the Emperor
to grant railway concessions and to
allow foreigners to found banks in
China, as the Chinese would never
have confidence in paper issued by the
native banks.
A dispatch from Shanghai says Rus
sia has informed China that the lat
ter's delay in replying to the Russian
demands would be construed as an
acquiescence in the Russian occupa
tion of Port Arthur.
Sir Claude McDonald, the British
Minister at Peking, is said to be urg
ing China to resist.
SHANGHAI, March 17.— The Ameri
can medical mission in the suburbs of
Chung King Fu, province of Szo-
Chwan, on the Yang-tse-Kiang. has
been attacked by a mob. The native
medical assistants have been mal
| treated and one has been murdered.
THE LOYAL LEGION.
It Held Its Quarterly Meeting at the
Occidental Hotel Last Night.
The Loyal Legion held its quarterly
meeting at the Occidental Hotel last
night, and attested its patriotic fervor
and spirit by many toasts pledged to the
welfare of the Union, and the glory of thw"
stars and stripes. The meeting was called
to order with General William R. Shaf
ter in the chair, and the f«lJow**>g- wprn
elected members of the Legion: General
F. M. Crandel, Colonel C. H. Rippey.
Lieutenant David Gochenauer, Lieutenant
Uradley Smith, Lieutenant J. H. Benham,
Lieutenant F. W. Kellogg and C. D.
Reppy. v
The Legion indorsed the bill offered in
the House, No. 310fi, by Mr. Hansbrough,
to preserve the national flag from dese
cration. The following officers wi-r^
nominated: Commander, Colonel J. t ■
Currier; senior vice-commander. Admiral^
J. N. Miller, U. S. N. : junior vice-com
mander, Major S. W. Groesbeck; record
er, W. R. Smedberg; treasurer, Colonel
C. M. Kinne; registrar, Captain G. E.
Overton; chanceller. Major M. Maylan;
chaplain, Rev. W. N. Meserve; counsel-
General P. F. Walsh, Colonel George
Stone, Colonel E. A. Denicke, Colonel W.
R. Parnell and CaptaTn C. A. Sumner.
After the business meeting there was a
banquet at which many numerous and
happy impromptu speeches were made.
The banquet hall was appropriately dec
orated with the national flag, while pic
tures of Washington, Lincoln and Mc-
Kinloy added to the patriotism of the oc
casion.
COALING STATION
FOR ANGEL ISLAND.
WASHINGTON, March 16.— Senator
Perkins will endeavor to have incorpor
ated In the naval appropriation bill a
provision for a, coaling station on Angel
Island or Goat Island. He says it costs
from 75 cents to $1 a ton to coal our war
vessels from lighters, and if steam noist
ers were erected on one of the islands in
the bay, the cost would not be more than
15 or 20 cents. Senator Perkins thinks he
may be able to obtain an appropriation
of $250,000 for another revenue cutter for
the Pacific Coast service.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ELECTRO-
Pfc— &QMM H£w BL»JB E f£L KM Pfr-.fM '
MEDICAL
TREATMENT
THIS NEW APPLICATION OF THE COM-
■*• bined curative powers of both medical and
electrical treatment, as administered' by the
skilled physicians of the Electro-Medical Insti-
tute, cor. Market, Powell and Eddy streets, has
; proven a wonderful success, exercising over
! disease a curative power never before known
! to the Medical World. The Doctors of this
: Institute are curing all manner of Diseases so
quickly that those who bad lost all hope of
health are amazed at the wonderful results
, obtained through this new system of Electric-
ity and Medicine combined. Immediate relief
I is given and perfect cures speedily follow,
: many of which would have been Impossible
i through electrical treatment alone or medical
I treatment alone. ' ; , ■ ,
lICDIfCC Insomnia, Hysteria, Chronic
i Ilkillkwi Headaches. Nervous Twich-
ings. Palpitation of the Heart, Dizziness, Evil
! Forebodings, Melancholia, Weak and Sinking
• Spells, Nervous Debility and all its attendant
ailments. The awful effects of neglected or
Improperly treated cases, producing weakness
; of body and brain, dizziness, failing memory,
lack of energy and confidence, pains in back,
loins and kidneys, and other distressing symp-
toms. Our Electro-Medical Treatment is the
only successful cure for nervous ailments.
RIIEIIIIATICII and all kindred diseases
nntUlim 1 lOrn of the joints and muscles
yield at once to its influences.
ft STAR of the Nose, Throat. Lungs and
Ilil I NBinil Stomach. Our special com-
bined catarrh treatment never fails.
BLOOD AND SKIN diseases of aJI
ULUUU fIISU dSllSi classes thorough-
ly eradicated from the system.
fIICCMCCC of the Heart, Stomach, Liver.
UlOCftdCd Kidneys, Bladder and kindred
organs treated by the Eleotro-Medical System
with unfailing success. ■ • ,
I AfllEQ Thls Electro-Medical Combed
JLftUICOi treatment Is a boon to sufferers ,
L .°. m k all diseases peculiar to women. '
WRITE if you cannot call, and get the
■fill I C: Doctors' opinion of your case.
CONSULTATION FREE £"-
State Electro-Medical Institute
MARKET, POWELL & EDDY STS.
I Entrance, 3 Eddy St.-'",' SAN FRANCISCO, CAiDAWSONITES
CLAMORING
FOR MAIL
Have Not Heard From
the Outside World
in Weeks.
Quantity 'of Letters and
Papers Held at Big
Salmon.
Food Becoming Cheaper and
Whisky Dearer on the
Klondike.
A MURDER AT SKAGUAY.
Gambler Ambushed and Shot at the
Threshold of His
Cabin.
Special Dlapatch to The CaJl.
PORT TOWNSEND, March 16.— The
steamship City of Seattle arrived short
ly before 10 o'clock to-night from Skag
uay, with forty-flve passengers on
board, one direct from Dawson City.
This was H. C. Pettit of Snoho-mish
City, who arrived at Dawson on Sep
tember 12. He went to the Klondike in
the Interest of a St. Paul and Snohom
ish syndicate, and returns with inter
ests In twenty-one claims. He brought
out $2000, and expects to return to the
north in the course of a few weeks. .
Pettit came out with Atwood, the
United States mail carrier. They left
Dawson on February S, th- trip out be
ing without special incident.
Events are pursuing the even tenor
of their way at Dawson City, Mr. Pet
tit says, "grab getting cheaper every
day and whisky dearer."
Major Walsh is now on his way out,
having left Hig Salmon three days
ahead of Atwood and Pettit. He
stopped at Lake Bennett, however,
and was still there when the other
two came out. There is said to be
much complaint about the failure of
mail to arrive at Dawson City from
the outside, and, according- to Mr.
Pettit'a story, it was delayed for weeks
without good reason.
There were about 1000 pounds of mail
taken in by Major Walsh's party, and
it remains at Big Salmon, the point
where he made camp. It Is claimed
that this mail could have been sent on
to Dawson at any time during the
winter, and that, in fact, dog teams
had no difficulty In going back and
forth between the camp and Major
Walsh's headquarters.
People at Dawson were willing to pay
big money to have the mail taken in to
them; but it would not be given up for
delivery, and none has been received at
Dawson, Mr. Pettit says, since he went
there in September.
The City of Seattle brings news of
another fatal shooting at Skaguay, a
man rsimed Sam Roberts being shot
just before the steamship left. He was
supposed to be running a gambling
game at Skaguay, and on the morning
the steamship left he was shot Just as
he was entering the door of his cabin.
He died almost Immediately. It
could nnt be learned where he came
from and nothing was known of his
antecedents. The authorities were in
thp dark about his assailants, nothing
whatever about the perpetrators of the
crime being, known at the time the
steamship left-
The Bark Prussia Aground.
SEATTLE, March 16.— The steamship !
City of Seattle arrived in port late to- j
night. While sailing throngh Queen !
Charlotte Sound the City of Seattle
passed the wrecked steamer Corona in
tow of the tugs Lome and Maude,
bound for Victoria. The bark Prussia,
which left Seattle more than a week |
apo for the north, grounded at Wrangel |
Narrows. As the Seattle came south i
the tug Tacoma was trying to get the
Prussia off.
KNEW NAUGHT OF KASSON.
Testimony of a Claimant for the Dead
Miser's Wealth.
STOCKTON. March 16.— The legal fight
over the big Kasson estate continues to ;
attract crowds to the Superior Court j
room. The most interesting feature of i
the case to-day was the admission of j
George W. Lindy, one of the claimants,
that he did not know that Thomas Lindy
was his father nor niat he was the son ;
of Kasson, as It is being attempted to i
prove. Lindy said that he had never
known any other name and had always '■
looked upon the Lindys as his parents. :
It also developed that he had been named j
George by the Lindya at the request of j
Kasson, his alleged father.
During the time Lindy was on the stand j
to-day Judge Jones frequently alluded to j
him as Mr. Kasson. The case will be i
continued to-morrow.
SIGHTS A WRECK AT SEA.
Vessel Bottom Side Up Seen Off the
Columbia's Mouth.
ASTORIA, Or., March 16.— Captain
Amsbury of the British bark Puritan.
which arrived to-day from Hiogo, re
ports that on the 12th inst. a vessel was I
sighted bottom up eight miles north of '
the Columbia River lightship. The keel j
was about ninety feet long and the bot- I
t'.n; newly painted with copper paint.
Captain Amsbury sailed within a few
feet of the derelict, and saw a few float
ing spars around the hull, but there was
noThlner to indicate what she was. It is
supposed to be the same wreck reported
off Tillamook by Captain Dally of the
sealing schooner Hetzio.
Drives Off a Grade.
EUREKA. March 16.— A heavy snow
storm has been raging In the adjacent
mountains for the last few days. Mail
Carrier Hitchings met an accident while
en route from Brldgeville to this city, his
rif,' running off the grade in a blinding
snowstorm. Through the instinct of his
horse he found his way to the nearest set
tier's place, where he obtained a saddle
horse and brought the mail through to
this city. Operation of the stage line has
been discontinued until next Monday.
Dervishes Cross the Nile.
CAIRO, March 16.— A large party of
Ixrvishes crossed the Nile to Shebalya
Island on Sunday last, but were repulsed
by the Egyptian troops with the loss of
eighteen killed. The only Egyptian
casualty was the wounding of Major Sir
well.
Grand Parlor Delegates.
HAY WARDS, March 16.— At the meet
ing of Eden Parlor No. 113. Native Sons of
the Golden West, last evening. George A.
Oakes and N. A. McConaghy were elected
delegates to the grand parlor. Dr. A. J.
Powell and J. Smith were elected alter-
nates.
Sails for Southampton.
NEW YORK. March 16.— S. F. Judah of
Ban Francisco was a passenger on the
■teamer St. Louis, sailing for Southamp
ton to-day.
TRAINS A CANNON
ON A RIOTOUS MOB
OF LONGSHOREMEN
Captain of the Steamship Cleve=
land Subdues a Belligerent
Skaguay Crowd.
TACOMA, March 16.— The steamship Cleveland of San Franelsco
ffoes to Alaska prepared for war. On Monday, March 7, Captain
Hall subdued a hundred riotous Skagruay longshoremen by mounting
the ehlp'a cannon on the bridge and ordering his mate to clear the
wharf with it If the longshoremen did not instantly retreat. The long
shoremen did not retreat when they saw a 6-pound canister sheved
into the mouth of the 4-nch brass cannon and the gun carefully
trained on their position. They knew that Captain Hall meant busi
ness for he stood on the deck ready to give orders to fire if the long
shoremen persisted in interfering with the discharging of the Cleve
land's cargo. Some of them not only retreated, but "eeooted." Others
were satisfied to get out of the gun's range.
The leader of the Longshoremen's Union finally told Captain Hall
to go ahead and the longshoremen would remain away. This was
a victory, though it did not seem to wholly satisfy the Cleveland's
skipper, whose belligerency was by this time fully aroused. How
ever, he invited the longshoremen's leader aboard to have a drink,
thereby declaring the hostilities ended.
In the captain's cabin a discussion ensued between them, which
resulted In blows, followed by the sending of the boss longshoreman
ashore in an unceremonious manner.
This trouble was precipitated by the longshoremen's demand of 75
cents an hour for discharging the Cleveland's cargo. When the steam
shiplanded several of them went aboard and asked Captain Hall if
they should discharge his vessel on the same terms as on his prev
ious trip, when he paid them 50 cents an hour. The captain accepted,
but the work was scarcely begun when their leader appeared and
notified the captain that the price for the work would be 75 cents,
because living at Skaguay came high and they could not afford to work
for less.
Captain Hall immediately ordered every longshoreman off the ship,
and some were assisted in leaving. The captain ordered thirty
members of his crew, including pantrymen and waiters, to commence
discharging the vessel. The longshoremen then became defiant and
prevented the crew from working by standing along the wharf so near
the ship that the trucks could not be moved. It was to dislodge them
that the cannon was brought into play.
LOGGERS FIND
IN EL DORADO
Placer and Quartz Gold
on Vancouver
Island.
Rush of Prospectors to the
Banks of Nimpkish
River.
Discovery of Rich Ore Made Through
Information Given by a
Squaw.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, March 16.— Dr. Van Wag
ner of Seattle returned this morning
from Nimpkish River, bringing news of
! large finds, both placer and quartz,
along the banks of that stream. He
says a large crowd of prospectors is
! hurrying to the new diggings, and al
: ready twenty-two claims are being
I worked with success, the dirt returning
! as high as an average of from $8 to $10
■ a day.
Gold was discovered there by loggers,
{ who were at work cutting trees and
I rafting them down the river from the
i upper Nimpkish to Alert Bay, where
; there Is a sawmill and settlement. A
! squawman was told by his Indian wife
! of finds of the shining metal along the
' river by Indians. He at once told his
! companions, Hansen and Anderson, and
j together they began a search. Many
1 places were tried without success, but
' at last the searchers were rewarded by
discoveries of placer gold running in
some cases as high as 35 cents to the
pan.
They determined to keep the find se
cret, but Indians who went down to the
I settlement to trade told of the discov
eries, and immediately a rush began
from Alert Bay and vicinity, a.id al
ready many men here are thinking of
going to the scene of new finds.
On seeing the prospectors coming in,
Hansen and Anderson endeavored to
get all the ground they could by re
', cording claims in the name of Indians
! who were working for them. This was
reported to local commissioners, who
will investigate. About five miles away
from where they discovered placers,
Mathers, a settler, who owns a small
ranch near the mouth of the river, has
found a ledge of rich free-milling
quartz, which, if worked, would pay
royally. He Intends to come down to
Victoria and try to raise money to es
tablish a smelter.
Nimpkish River is at the upper end
of Vancouver Island, and is easy of ac
cess.
MAHER EASILY
BESTS O'DONNELL
Philadelphia Police Stop the
Fight in the Second
Round.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA. March 16. — Peter
Maher finished Steve O'Donnell in short
order at the Arena to-night, the referee
stopping the tight in the second round,
when Steve was so groggy as to bo all
but knocked out. At the opening of the
bout, which was to have been of six
rounds, Maher objected to O'Donnell
wearing bandages on his right wrist, but
thlß was quickly settled by the Australian
removing them.
First round— They fiddled for an opening.
Maher led right on face. Steve countered with
left on face and Maher went to his knees.
Kteve again landed on the jaw and Peter
sent his right to the chin and left and right
on the ear, O'Donnell going down. He took
the limit to eet up. Peter put a right on the
Jaw and Stove again went down. O'Donnell
sent a right on the chin. Maher led and
missed, but a second later put right and left
on the jaw and Steve resumed his Intimacy
with the boards. Maher landed right and left
on the face and Steve a left on the face, re
peating as the bell sounded.
Second round— Maher landed a left on the
ear and a right on the face. Steve returned
with a left on the ear. Peter put a right
on the Jaw and O'Donnell went down again.
Maher banged right and left on the Jaw. send
ing O'Donnell down. Maher walked to his
corner as if It was all over. O'Donnell got
up and went for him. Maher turned and
rushed him into his corner. Steve went to
his- knees and stayed there In very groggy
shape, and the referee stopped the one-sided
contest.
*HE SA3T FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 17, 1898.
RICH ORE ON
THE STICKEEN
Important Discovery of
Placer and Quartz
Mines.
Good Fortune of a Small Party
of Argonauts From
Seattle.
Find a Paying Ledge From Eight
Hundred, to a Thousand Feat
Wide.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, March 16.— The first au
thentic news has reached Seattle from
Telegraph Creek, at the head of the
Stickeen River, of important discover
ies of placer and quartz claims. This
news is contained in letters from James
R. Hayden Jr. to his father, Major Hay
den, the well-known Seattle banker.
Mr. Hayden is one of a group of men
that has obtained a lease on 200 miles
of rich placer grc-und on the old chan
nel of the Stickeen River. From a pros
pect of about thirty pounds of gravel
that was taken to the camp, the dirt
averaged 75 cents per pan. Several
small nuggets were taken out of the
prospect hole. The dirt was taken off
the rim, and no attempt was made to
go to bedrock.
Mr. Hayden says that work an a cross
cut of the channel was begun, and de
velopments will be prospected.
"If the dirt continues to be as good
as present prospects — and the indica
tions are favorable — we will have a
Klondike of our own," he says.
One of Mr. Hayden's letters is dated
January 1. The other is dated "Tele
graph Creek, February 24." The fol
lowing from one of the letters contains
the account of the quartz find referred
to:
There is auite a quartz excitement
around here now, and it gives promise of
amounting to small sized Klondike. In
any case, five of us— Frank Calbraith.
VV. S. Martin, Charley Wright, Harry :
Chapman and myself— have located eight
claims in two groups. We left here at 3
o'clock in the morning last Sunday, tak
ing three dog teams. The property is only
ten miles from here on the Stickeen
River.
We arrived there about daylight and j
went right to staking claims. On Tues- \
day morning Wright and Chapman and
two dog teams went on to Dease Lake, a
distance of ninety miles, to record the
claims. We then came back to Tele
graph Creek, and now the excitement is
at the top notch. We have three claims
in one group and five in another. The
ledge in both places is from 800 u» 1000
feet wide. Our assays have run from $5
to $200 per ton, with an average of about
$20. We can't bank very much on our i
assays yet, as the appliances here are !
limited.
Mr. Hayden enclosed five samples
from the face of the ledge, which were
turned over to a prominent assayer
here. To-day Hayden received the re
port, which gave the following results:
No. 1— 5392 40 per ton gold, $2 30 per
ton silver.
No. 2— 5184 in gold and a trace of sil
ver.
No. 3— s4 in gold.
jsj o . 4—404 — 40 cents per ton in gold.
No. 5—605 — 60 cents per ton in gold.
It will be seen that Mr. Hayden's as
says made at Telegraph Creek barely
indicated the richness of the ore.
Mr. Hayden went north last fall by
way of the Stickeen River and Tele
graph Creek. While at the latter place
reports reached the camp concerning
the discovery of an immense ledge of
very rich quartz, and Hayden was one
of the first to reach the spot. He lo
cated several claims, and assays of
samples sent to his father indicate the
richness of the ore.
SPEEDS A BULLET
FROM AN AMBUSH.
Lyman S. Bell Kills Richard Murray
Upon the Latter's Indian
Diggings Claim.
PLACERVILLE, March 16.— A shooting
affray occurred at Indian Diggings, this
county, last evening. Lyman S. Bell, with
a Winchester rifle, shot and killed Rich
ard Murray upon the mining claim of the
latter. No one saw the shooting, but
before his death Murray made his way to
the store of John Kohlert and told of being
shot from ambush. Bell is in the custody
of the officers, but beyond admitting the
shooting, makes no statement. .Both men
were old citizens of this county, between
whom ill-feeling has existed for over a
year. . j
GOADED BY
FLAMES TO
FATAL LEAPS
Great Loss of Life At
tends a Fire in
Chicago.
Occupants of a Burning
Building Jump to Their
Death.
Others Perish Before They Can
Reach the Doors or
Windows.
LONG LIST OF MISSING.
Heroism of » Fireman and a Brnve
Wom«n in Rescuing the
Imperiled.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
CHICAGO, March 16. — It required just
twenty minutes this afternoon for one
of the most savage fires Chicago has
seen since the famous cold atorage
warehouse fire on the World's Fair ;
grounds in 1893, to take from five to i
fifteen lives, maim thirty people and
reduce a six-story brick building to a
pile of blazing timbers, red hot bricks
and twisted iron. The number of dead
is still in doubt, and probably will not
be definitely known until the debris of
the building is sufficiently cooled to ad
mit of a search being made for the
bodies that are undoubtedly in the
ruins. This will be days hence at
least. Three men are known to be
dead. They are:
SAMUEL A. CLARK, bookkeeper for
the Olmstead Scientific Company.
MILES A. SMITH, salesman for the
Olmstead Scientific Company.
EDWARD BINZ, cashier for Sweet,
Wallach & Co.
The list of missing includes over a
score of names.
The building was six stories high, had
a frontage of fifty-eight feet on Wa
bash avenue, and extended back 160
feet to an alley. It was of what is
known as mill construction, and had
two elevator shafts, one in front, one
in the rear, and reaching from the third
story to the roof was a light shaft
which gave the flames every chance,
and it was because of this shaft that
the fire spread with such awful rapid
ity. The building was occupied by a
number of concerns, some of them em
ploying large numbers of people. It is
estimated that 400 people were at work
when the fire was discovered.
The origin of the fire, which was fol
lowed by an explosion, is in doubt, but
the weight of evidence seems to be that
the explosion was in the lower part of
the building, for the flames shot up the
light shaft at once.
The elevator in the front of the
building was a deliberate aifair, in good
order, but not calculated to make much
speed in such an emergency as con
fi *nted it to-day. Gleason made one
trip to the seventh floor, carried down
a load of women, and although the
smoke was rolling through the building
in dense clouds he started up again. At
the fourth floor he stopped to take on
a crowd of girls from the rooms of the
National Music Company, being assist
ed in his work by Miss Katharine Car
ney, the forewoman. A man attempted
to force his way into the elevator, but
Gleason shoved him back into the hall
that the women might have the first
chance The man never came out.
At the rear St. John did equally
good work, but was not able to make
more thaji one trip, as the fire swept
through that part of the building be
fore it attacked the front. In less
than ten minutes after the explosion
all escape of the inmates by the stairs
and the elevators was cut off.
Many of those who could not reach
the fire escape made their way to the
front windows, and it was out of these
that Clark, Smith and Blnz hurled
themselves to death.
One fireman distinguished himself
by a darin~ rescue. He was up on a
ladder close to the building when he
heard a cry ringing out above the roar
of the flames. He steadied himself on
the ladder and peered into the dense
smoke. Just then a gust of wind
cleared the scene. The fireman saw a
man in a wii.'ow of the fifth floor
carrying an inanimate form. That the
rescuer was about to throw the un
conscious human being into the street
in the vain hope of saving the man
from a death by roasting was evident.
The fire was roaring so that no voice
could be heard. Putting up his hands
as a signal to wait until he got ready,
the fireman again braced himself upon
the ladder, and reached out his arms
frr the rescuer to drop the unconscious
rrnn to him. With a shock that nearly
knocked the heroic fireman from his po
sition upon the ladder, the body of the
man struck the fire-fighter. But it did
not get away from him. He held the
unconscious man through all the
swaying and swinging of the ladder.
Hastily descending, the fireman turned
his unconscious burden over to the po
lice and returned to his post. The man
who had saved the unconscious work
man had disappeared.
Katherine Carney, the forewoman of
the National Music Company, who
was thought to have been burned to
death, left the building by means of
the fire escape.
"I did all I could," said she, "to get
the p-irls into the elevator, and then
when I started to get in myself there
was no room for me. I did not think
there was such great danger at the
time, but In a few minutes, after the
elevator had gone down, I saw the
flames were spreading so rapidly that
I must run for my life. I hurried to a
window, which was near the fire es
cape, climbed through it and came
down to the ground. A man at the
bottom of the escape was holding a
ladder, and he helped me and a number
of others to get out. I had not a min
ute to spare, as the flames burned my
face and hair when I left the building,
and It was so hot that the rungs on
■ the fire escape scorched my hands. All
i of my girls got away alive, although
j one or two are bruised up a little."
SENATORS INSPECT
A NORMAL SCHOOL
SAN JOSE, March 16.-The State Nor
mal School was Inspected by the Sonate
committee on State institutions this
morning. The buildings were looked over
and Principal Randall. Miss Blaisdell.
secretary, and Trustee James M. Pitman
were examined in regard to school mat
ten. This afternoon the committee left
tor San Francisco.
CONVICTED
BY HIS OWN
POOR WIT
Clumsy Attempts of
Clark to Deceive
Officers.
Proclaimed His Innocence
Before Accused of
Murder.
Tried to Make It Appear That
His Brother Was a
Suicide.
NOT AN ADEPT FORGER.
Victim's Farewell Note Whioh Ho
Produced Said to Bo In His
Own Writing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, March 16.— The second day's
session of the Clark trial has brought
the case down to the circumstances
which directly connect George Clark
with the murder of his brother. The
principal evidence of Mrs. Clark is all
in, but it is possible she may be re
called toward the close of the prosecu
tion.
Since Mrs. Clark's release from the
stand witnesses have succeeded each
other in rapid succession and by noon
all preliminaries had been cleared
away, and the damaging testimony
against Clark was being taken.
The testimony of the St. Helena con
stable was the strongest so far, and the
defense tried in vain to break it down
on cross-examination. His testimony
regarding the footprints of George
Clark made on the morning of the crime
was clear and complete, and it will be
hard for the defense to correct the im
pression it made upon the jury.
The first few questions put to Mrs.
Clark during the morning session were
stopped by objections from the District
Attorney. They referred to the early
life of the witness. Then, coming down
to the time of the murder, Mr. Hogan
drew from her the fact that her hus
band suspected a man named Signorelli,
as well as his brother, of having poi
soned his coffee.
She was then asked about a conver
sation she had with George Clark, in
which George called attention to
some poison he had and to that
found in Will Clark's coffee. George
Clark showed her some poison he had,
and asked her if it were the same as
that Will Clark had found in his cof
fee. She said no, and then George
Ciark said:
"Then you can see I must be inno
cent."
This concluded the examination of
Mrs. Clark for the time being, and then
George Daks, son-in-law of Mrs. Clark,
was called to the stand. He was asked
as to the events of the morning when
William Clark was found dead, and his
testimony was a repetition of that of
Mrs. Clark given yesterday.
Bertha Clark followed Daks to the
stand. She was questioned as ;o one oc
casion when she had heard her mother
call, and, going down to the kitchen,
she found George Clark and her mother
there. Mrs. Clark had testified that
then George Clark had attempted to
assault her, and he desisted only when
she called one of her daughters.
J. G. Johnson, marshal of the town
of St. Helena, came to the stand to tes
tify to the circumstances which connect
George Clark with the crime. He was
called to the house early in the morning
of the shooting by Dr. Osbourne. He
told how, when he had seen the body
on the floor and the pipe and pistol
which lay near it, he marked the place
where the pipe and pistol lay befo-re
he picked them up. Johnson produced
the pistol he found on the porch of the
Clark house, and it was admitted in
evidence. He also produced the pipe,
and it, too, was admitted.
Proceeding with his testimony John
son said he, Dr. Osbourne and George
Daks went over to the cottage where
George Clark lived. They knocked on
the door, and when George Clark arose
from his bed they told him that some
one had killed his brother. He said:
"H'm, I guess I'll go over."
He commenced to dress, when the
Constable told him he had to take him
into custody, as there had been some
suspicion against him. Dr. Osbourne
reminded Clark he had said a few days
before that he had lost a pistol, and
Clark said yes, he could describe it, and
he did so. Then Johnson showed the
pistol he had found, and Clark said it
was not his.
Johnson say the shoes Clark was
about to put on were covered with
mud, and so he directed Clark to wear
others. On the way to the jail Clark
said he believed it was a case of sui
cide, and if so his brother must have
left a note to that effect. Then, after
they got to the jail, Clark said he lied
about the pistol. He said he wanted
to correct his former statement— the
pistol Johnson showed was his.
Johnson told how he examined the
streets after putting George Clark into
jail, and he found several fresh foot
tracks in the mud. Some were going
toward the Clark house and some were
going from there. Then he took Clark's
shoes and putting them in the tracks
he found them to fit exactly.
In the afternoon Johnson saw Clark
again, and Clark said he had a paper
at his house which he thought peculiar.
He said it was a statement made by
his brother, saying he contemplated
suicide, and saying, too, that it asked
that George be not accused. In re
sponse to Johnson's request he wrote
as much as he could recollect of the
contents of the paper.
Johnson asked him where he got it,
and Clark said he had found it behind
a picture in the Clark house.
The paper was admitted in evidence
and was read to the jury. "With cor
rections of spelling it was as follows:
I bought of G. A. Riggins strychnine. I
am tired of life. Tell George he is not
guilty. I did it myself. W. A. CLARK.
What you will find behind the cfock.
The cartridges you will find In the base
ment.
The prosecution will attempt to prove
that the letter of which George Clark
said this was a copy was written by
George Clark himself.
A Significant Inquiry.
RALEIGH, N. C, March 16.—Gov
ernor Russell to-day received a mes
sage from President McKinley asking
how many troops the State could fur
nish in case of hostilities. The reply of
the Governor gave the number at
245,000.
DEADLY FUMES
POISON TIMBER
Government Agent Makes
an Investigation at
K.eswick.
Forests Destroyed by Vapors
From Large Smelting
Plants.
Will Submit a Report Unfavorable
to Iho Mountain Coppar
Company.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
REDDING, March 18.— Special Agent
Cullom, acting for the Department of
the Interior, has been here for over two
weeks making an exhaustive investiga
tion of the devastation of Government
timber by the poisonous fumes from
the roasting and smelting plants of the
Mountain Copper Company at Kes
wick. It was not disclosed until to-day
that such an Investigation was in pro
gress. The operation of the vast plant
of the Mountain Copper Company is of
inestimable advantage to the entire
county, yet the ever widening circle of
dead timber, reaching now for miles
beyond the plant, has caused a com
plaint to be lodged with the Govern
ment, and the official investigation is
the result.
The special agent is said to have
made such progress as to enable him
to formulate his report, which will be
unfavorable to the company. The de
partment will be guided by his report
and recommendations. The agent is
convinced that the fumes are poisonous
to all vegetation, and the dead pine
timber standing and the entire absence
of life in the smaller trees and shrubs
bear evidence of the deadliness of the
fumes. He will recommend that the
Mountain Copper Company be en
joined by process of law from operating
its plant under the existing conditions.
Should the department obtain a tem
porary injunction it will then be asked
that a permanent injunction be issued
compelling the company to resort to a
system of condensers. In other copper
smelting regions such action was taken
and the smelting companies compelled
to construct condensers.
At times as high as 1,000,000 pounds
of ore is dumped in a pile at Keswick,
fired, and permitted to burn for weeks,
sending forth a volume of poisonous
vapors, which spread over miles of ter
ritory, sparing no kind of vegetable
life. The first vegetation to succumb
to the deadly smoke was the Digger
pine, and in some quarters trees are
standing dead and desolate ten and
even twelve miles away. Within closer
limits to Keswick not a spear of grass
nor a green shrub of any kind has sur
vived.
The town of Shasta and its vicinity
are the greatest sufferers. The smoke
there at times is almost unbearable
and the damage is constantly growing.
Far up on the mountains dead trees are
multiplying and nearer by entire ridges
have been devastated. In Redding
many pine trees have been killed and
it is feared that other vegetable life
will suffer a like fate. The smoke
reaches this point by following the
course of the Sacramento River. The
bulk of the damage is being done, how
ever, in the section lying northwest and
i west of Redding, the smoke being car
ried thither on air currents passing up
the Spring Creek Canyon and over
toward the Clear Creek Range.
AUBREY BEARDSLEY
DIES AT MENTONE.
Best Known by the Eccentricity
Which Was Displayed in the
Posters He Designed.
LONDON, March 16.— A dispatch from
Mentone states that Aubrey Beardsley,
the well-known artist and writer, died to
day in that city from hemorrhage of the
lungs.
Mr. Beardsley was born in 1574. He be
gan working for the Pall Mall Masrazine
and the Pall Mall Budget in 1892. He was
elected a member of the New English Art
Club in 1593, and subsequently he worked
for various publishers. He designed a
number of posters that attracted con
siderable attention, owing to the eccen
tricity displayed in them. He supplied
drawings for several illustrated publica
tions, including "Le Morte d'Arthur,"
"Salome," "The Rape of the Lock" and
"I'nder the Hill." He contributed a large
number of drawings to the Yellow Book
and Le Courrier Francais.
San Rafael Flower Festival.
SAN RAFAEL. March 16.— A mass
meeting: of the citizens of San Rafael will
he hrld next Friday evening at the Coch
rane-McNear Hall for the purpose of
making final arrangements for the hold
ing of a great flower festival during the
first week in May.
ADVERTISEMENTS. I__^™
AWFUL VARICOCELE.
■ — — .—. —
aM*\ A Case of 30 Years' Standing
~^*w) Cured by Dr. Sanden's Elec-
fj\\ ' X trie Belt.
kj^^^C) Yaricocele pulls the life
1 ({7%& Jk out of a man. It drains his
Iv 7) vitality so greatly that every
Ws>smoy^ organ of the body becomes
ih/jMIM^^ 9 '^ debilitated. Hundreds of
J^^y^^S^ cures of this trouble have
been accomplished by Dr.
s *"*U^2^" -- -• - Sanden's Electric Belt.
AN OLD VARICOCELE CURED.
. "VALLECITO,' Cal.. March 10. IS9S.
- DR. SAXPEN— Dear Sir: The Electric Belt which I purchased of you about two
I years ago haSdone wonders. It completely and permanent!" cured me of Varicocele of
30 years' standing. . I was obliged to wear a suspensory every day during this time.
I 1 I threw it away over six months ago. For $500 I would not be placed 'in the ■ physical
' condition your Belt has cured me of. I will answer all questions if a self-addressed
1 envelope is sent with the letter of inquiry. Yours truly; "W. D._ ALLEN. ;
% WORTH $500 TO ANY MAN.
, To any man who suffers from this life-destroying disease or any of .
i the similar weaknesses, Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is worth $500. It 4is
'worth as much as life is, for it will make life happy. Read Dr. Sanden's ,
1 book about it, free. Get It to-day. < It will remove this awful affliction
\ forever. . ■ '",'"-:' ■■■ ' ■' ''■ ♦ • ', :': '
QAKT"ni7M FTFCTRTP TO 632 Market St., Opposite
OAINL/fciN £tLEi\jla.L\j . VU., Palace Hotel. San Francisco.
1 Office hours, Ba. m. to Bp. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 1. ' Branches at Los Angeles, Cal.,'
, 204% South Broadway: Portland. Or.. 253 Washington street; Denver, Colo.; 931 Sixteenth ,
btreet; Dallas, Tex., 255 Main street. . ' '■■ ■ - ' %-aatt^WMlliWJiiJMaWßSaaßtaßB
NOTE— Make no mistake la the number— Market street. .
LAST TRIBUTE
TO THE DEAD
Body of General Rose
crans Consigned to the
Tomb.
Veterans Sing the Old War
rior's Favorite Hymn Over
His Casket.
Bishop Montgomury Feelingly Refer*
to the Life Work of the
Dacessed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. March 16,— Th» fD
neral of General W. S. Rosecrans was
the most largely attended of any erer
held In Southern California. At 9a. nw
the body was removed from the City
Hall to the cathedral by a military es
cort. A tremendous crowd surround
ed the cathedral and flocked in as soon
as it was permitted to enter. Rela
tlvs of the dead general entered
shortly after 1 o'clock, when th* fn
reral rites began. After mass. Kight
Rev. Bishop Montgomery delivered a
brief address, taking his text tram tb»
first book of St. John xi, 21-27.
In brief the speaker said:
"The words of the Bavior of mankind
form a promise to all Christiana— *
promise of immortality for belief.
Christianity is the maiuspring at civi
lization and liberty; it is that woicH
gives man his dignity, his character,
his independent spirit. I believe that
this is a particularly pertinent occa
sion for reference to this fact. It Is
a blessing held out to the despairing;
to those bereaved by death. It is ft
promise which invests the bodies of the
dead in our church with the spark of
immortality."
The speaker referred to the applica
tion of the text to the occasion ana
said:
"Almost against the expressed wishes
of the family of the deceased General
Rosecrans, I am compelled to refer
briefly to his life -work. General Rose
crans needs no eulogism, no panegyric
His acts as a citizen, as a soldier and
as an official speak for themselves. He
served his country in its perilous need
with fidelity, courage and zeal. He
served it religiously and to the satis
faction of the Government and the
people. He is part of our nation and
part of our history. In paying a last
tribute to the dead. Catholics have a
special right to pride themselves, for
he was one of them. He served his
country well, but in that duty he
served a higher power; he served the
church and he served the ruler of all
governments. He was a soldier, but
he was a Catholic— an intelligent, prac
tical, consistent, devoted Catholic. Aa
such, I say, the Catholics have a
special interest in the deceased. He
early entered the church to which his
family had already given a son, who
became the Bishop of the diocese at
Columbus, Ohio.
"As a Catholic, as a soldier, as a
true patriot and citizen, General Rose
crans passed away. With how much
justice may it be said of him, 'Well
done, thou good and faithful servant;
thou hast, been faithful in a few things:
I will make thee lord over many. Enter
though into the kingdom of heaven.' "
Absolution of the dead was then per
formed and the chant was resumed.
The pallbearers took up the casket,
which was borne to the waiting hearse,
drawn by six white horses, with black
trappings. The funeral procession then
moved to Rosedale Cemetery, where
services simple and impressive were
held. The floral offerings were numer
ous and beautiful. The city of San
Francisco sent a great pillow of car
nations, of which the center was a
shield made from red and whixe car
nations, the whole being bordered with
lilies of the valley.
Old soldiers gathered at the grave
In large numbers and sang General
Rosecrans favorite hymn in chorus,
"Rock of Ages."
An address was delivered by Comrade
A. C. Schafer and a prayer was of
fered by Comrade W. A. Knighten.
After this the casket was placed In
the vault and the body of General
William Starke Rosecrans was at rest.
Business was suspended throughout
the city during the hours of the fu
neral. _^____________
Confirmed by the Senate.
"WASHINGTON. March 16.— The Senate
to-day confirmed these nominations:
Horace H. Thomas, Appraiser of Mer
chandise. District of Chicago; Charles M.
Sehlbrede of Oregon, Commissioner in and
for the District of Alaska.
Postmasters: California— J. N. Turren
tine Escondido: M. Robinson, Vacavlll*.
Washington— O. Hall. Colfax
Oregon— James McCain, McMinnville.
34
FROST CAUSES
HEAVY LOSS
Discouraging Reports Re
ceived From Many
Sections.
Peaches, Apricots and Almonds
Nipped by the Cold
Wave.
damage in the Vicinity of Sacramento
Placed at a Half Million
Dollars.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, March 16.— The indica
tions are that the heavy frost of last
night has been very injurious to al
monds, apricots, early peaches and veg
etables, not only In Stockton and in the
immediate vicinity, but throughout the
fruit-raising sections of San Joaquin
County, with the exception o-f Oak
dale and the adjacent country, where
there was a rain last night of .09 of an
inch. An inspection of blossoming
fruit there showed that the frost had
done no damage whatever. From
Acampo, Lodi and Knights Ferry,
however, come reports that of apricots,
almonds and early peaches, there will
not be more than half a crop, and pos
sibly not more than a third. The out
look for grain is fair, but more rain is
needed to assure a crop.
FRESNO, March 16.— Last night's
frost was one of the most severe of the
season, and has done much damage. It
is reported from all parts of the county
that the apricot crop is ruined. The
peach crop is also badly damaged. Out
of 1000 peach buds taken at random
from various parts of the county not
one was found to have escaped the ef
fects of the cold snap.
SACRAMENTO, March 16.— The Sac
ramento Valley was visited by a severe
frost this morning. J. R. Runyon, a
prominent fruit grower below Court
land, in the valuable river fruit belt,
states that the frost has done great
damage to peaches and apricots, if it
has not entirely ruined them, and that
pears may have escaped serious injury.
On the lower part of Grand Island, also,
the orchardists have suffered great loss
by the frost. Reports have not been
received from fruit sections outside of
the river lands, but it is not probable
that they will be so glowing. Mr. Run
yon says the loss in the district fifteen
miles along the river will, he believes,
amount to $500,000.
SAN JOSE, March 16.— Santa Clara
Valley has had two white frosts this
week, thin ice forming in parts of the
county each morning. It is not be
lieved, however, that serious harm has
been done. In some districts the cold
may cause some apricots to drop, bur
orchardists generally do not report se
rious injury even from the frost of this
morning.
SAN DIEGO, March 16.— The hay and
grain crop is about entirely ruined by
dry weather along the coast, while in
the interior valley which had more rain
there will be about half a crop.
LOS ANGELES, March 16.— The
heaviest frost of the season occurred
last night, and considerable damage
was done in the lowlands. Reports
from Gardena, Vernon and other dis
tricts where vegetables are grown say
that the damage was almost complete;
in fact, there was a thick formation of
ice In places. Higher up buds which
are out rather early this year were
no doubt touched. A high wind which
prevailed Sunday and continued Mon
day and yesterday blasted feed to a
considerable extent. The wind also nul
lified the effect of the late light rain. A
very heavy frost is predicted for to
night.
RED BLUFF, March 16.— Red Bluff
was visited by light frost last night,
but so far as learned it did but little
damage.
SONOMA, March 16.— There was a se
vere frost this morning. Ice formed to
the thickness of a quarter of an inch.
Apricots were injured, and peaches
have suffered also.
MARYSVILLhJ. March 16. — Crop
prospects in Yuba and Sutter counties
have not been so bright in twenty
years. The grain acreage is the largest
in many seasons. The fruit crop bids
fair to be heavy.
MARTINEZ, March 16.— Contra Costa
experienced the heaviest frost in years
this morning. The loss is heavy. Fruit
buds were nipped and potatoes and to
matoes killed.
MONTEREY, March 16.— Heavy rain
fell here last night, accompanied by
hail and on the neighboring mountains
by snow. .Farmers report the apricot
crop completely spoiled.
SAN RAMON, March 16. — Last
night's severe frost killed all the al
monds, peaches and apricots of this
valley.
ST. HELENA, March 16.— The moun
tains surrounding this place are cov
ered with snow, which has fallen to
within a mile of town. There was a
sharp frost this, morning, which would
have proved disastrous had it not been
followed by cloudy weather. Rain be
gan falling this afternoon and it is
hoped that the crops in this vicinity
will be benefited thereby.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We perspire a pint a
day without knowing it ;
ought to. If not, there's
trouble ahead. The ob-
structed skin becomes
sallow or breaks out in
pimples. The trouble goes
deeper, but this is trouble
enough.
If you use Pears' Soap,
no matter how often, the
skin is clean and soft and
open and clear.
All sorts of stores sell it. especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it.
DOLE TREATY
ABANDONED
ANNEXATION
BI RESOLUTION
The Treaty Has Been
Deserted by Its
Friends.
Conceded That It Could Not
Get a Majority in the
Senate.
Williams of Mississippi Scores the
Dole Carpetbag Regime in
the House.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 16.
Business in the legislative session of
the Senate to-day was confined to the
passage of a few bills, largely of a
local character. The national quaran
tine bill was not considered.
The Committee on Foreign Relations
to-day agreed to recommend that the
Hawaiian Islands be annexed by legis
lation in open session and also agreed
upon a joint resolution for the accom
plishment of this purpose, which Sen
ator Davis was authorized to report to
the Senate.
The following Is the text of the joint
resolution:
Section 1. The Government of the Re
public of Hawaii, having in due form sig
nified its consent in the manner provided
by its constitution to cede absolutely and
witliout reserve to the United States of
America all rights of sovereignty of
whatsoever kind in the Hawaiian Islands
and their dependencies, and to cede to the
United States the absolute free owner
ship of all public or crown lands, puL>..c
buildings or edifices, forts, harbors, mili
tary equipments, all other' public property
of whatever kind and description belong
ing to the Government of the Hawaiian
Islands, together with every right and
appurtenance thereunto appertaining,
therefore be it
Resolved, That said cession is accepted,
ratified and confirmed and that the said
Hawaiian Islands and their dependencies
be and they are hereby annexed as part
of the territory of the United States, and
are subject to the sovereign dominion
thereof, and that all and singular, the
property and rights hereinbefore men
tioned are vested in the United States of
America.
Senator Davis submitted with the
joint resolution an extended report to
the committee. The report states that
the joint resolution brings that subject
within reach of the legislative power
of Congress under the precedent that
was established when Texas was an
nexed, that circumstance being referred
to at length.
The report says: "This important,
clear and far-reaching precedent es
tablished by the annexation of the re
public of Texas is a sufficient guide for
the action of Congress in the passage
of the joint resolution herewith re
ported. If, in the judgment of Con
gress, such a measure is supported by a
safe any wise policy, or is based on a
national duty that we owe the people
of Hawaii, or is necessary for our na
tional development and security, that
is enough to justify annexation, with
the consent of the recognized Govern
ment of the country to be annexed."
The report then discusses the argu
ment for annexation, declaring that the
policy of annexation as it applies to
Hawaii has been exceptional and clear
since their earliest diplomatic relations
with the Government.
"From the beginning down to this
date the idea and expectation has con
stantly been entertained by the people
and Governments of both countries
that whenever the conditions should be
such as to make annexation of mutual
advantage it should be consummated,"
it is said.
"On the part of Hawaii this purpose
has been sustained by two facts: First,
that no ruler of Hawaii since the time
of Kamehameha 1 has believed that
these islands, so tempting to the cu
pidity of commercial powers, could
maintain an autonomus government
without the support of some great
maritime nation.
"Second — That the rulers of Hawaii,
on each occasion when the islands have
been threatened with foreign interfer
ence or domestic violence, have at
once appealed to some foreign power
for help."
The postofflce appropriation bill,
which was the subject before the
House, was practically lost track of in
the debate to-day. As on yesterday,
numerous topics were discussed, but
to-day for the first time the Cuban-
Spanish situation, which had been kept
in the background heretofore, forged to
the front. Cochran (D.) of Missouri
brought the question into the arena,
end in the course of the debate that
followed Grosvenor of Ohio took occa
sion to deny emphatically the stories
afloat to the effect that the President
desired an early adjournment of Con
gress in order that he might effect a
settlement without Congressional' in
terference.
Williams (D.) of Mississippi, in a
speech of forty minutes, replied to the
speech made by Mr. Tawney yesterday
in favor of Hawaiian annexation. Wil
liams is a member of the Foreign Af
fairs Committee, and his remarks re
ceived close attention. He directed his
attack particu!arly against the conten
tion of Mr. Tawney that the traditional
policy of this Government was not op
posed to annexation. He thought there
was no occasion for war, even if it
were true that if we should not take
the islands some other country would.
The idea of the foreign ownership of a
group of islands 2000 miles from our
shores had no terrors for him. He said
the Hawaiian Islands were now in the
control of a "carpet bag oligarchy."
The States of the South had undergone
a bitter experience with carpet bag
government and did not desire to in
dorse it anywhere.
The Hawaiian Islands would be a
menace instead of a safeguard to the
I'nited States. He asked his friends
who recently played in the interna
tional chess match against the British
Parliamentary team what they would
think of accepting a pawn in the mid
dle of the board from their adversaries
on condition that they should defend it
throughout the game. Great Britain
had given a pawn for peace in the
shape of Canada. Why should we
weaken our already strong position?
This country already had a race prob
lem. To take the Hawaiian Islands
would be to annex another race prob
lem and pay $4,000,000 for the privilege
of doing it. In its remote effects Wil
liams said he regarded the correct set
tlement of this question as more inpor
tant than all the others before the
American people. The currency, the
coinage question, the tariff question, all
important questions in themselves,
if settled wrongly could be reconsider
ed and settled right. But the mistaken
step of Hawaiian annexation, once
, taken, could never be retraced.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 17, 1898.
NEW YORK, March 16.— A
special from Grand Island,
Nebr., says: The following tele
gram from Henry T. Oxnard,
owner of the Nebraska beet
sugar factories, was received to
day from New York.
"My investigations here con
vince me that although not offici
ally withdrawn, the Hawaiian an
nexation cannot prevail. In view
of the certainty of this it seems to
be unnecessary to complicate
our Nebraska beet contracts with
the Hawaiian clause any
longer, and I authorize its with
drawal."
Contracts with this clause
eliminated are now in the hands
of the printer, and some of them
will be distributed this after
noon. It is stated on good au
thority that the beet raisers' or
ganization will have a meeting
this week to take action in the
matter, and it is believed the or
ganization will accept the con
tract as it stands.
Quite a number of individual
beet raisers have signified their
willingness now to raise beets
under contract with this clause
eliminated. Early in the win
ter the Oxnards circulated con
tracts in Nebraska for beet
growers to sign, by which they
were to pay 50 cents per ton less
for beets if annexation was car
ried. The Nebraska farmers re
fused to sign these contracts.
MANGLED BY
DYNAMITE
Two Carpinteria Men
Lose Their Lives in
an Accident.
Attempt to Cut a Piece of Pipe
Filled With an Ex
plosive.
For Two Years It Had Lain Unused
on the Floor of a Black
smith Shop.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., March 16.—
Charles Sexton and Paul Higgins lost
their Jives in an accident at Carpinteria
this morning. They were at work in a
blacksmith shop repairing a small gas
oline engine. Needing a small piece of
pipe, they took at haphazard from the
floor a pipe about five feet long. As it
was too long for their purpose, Sexton
and Higgins prepared to cut it in two.
Sexton took the cutter, and Higgins a
sledge hammer, and the latter struck
the pipe a hard blow.
A loud explosion followed, felling both
men and demolishing the building. Cit
izens rushed to the scene at once, only
to find Higgins dead, he having been
killed instantly, and Sexton outside the
building, whither he 'had crawled, with
both feet crushed and the fingers torn
fro-m his hands. Sexton was calling pit
eously for his mother. He lived for a
half hour .after the accident. Higgins'
head was crushed in, and Sexton died
from internal injuries.
Higgins was 30 years of age, and
leaves a widow and two children. He
was a son of a prominent citizen of
Carpinteria. Charles Sexton was 27
years of age, single and a son of Jo
seph Sexton c-f this county, who is ex
tensively engaged in propagating flow
ers.
On an investigation by the Coroner's
jury it has, been ascertained that the
pipe that caused the disaster was load
ed with dynamite. P. C. Higgins, fa
ther of one of the men who was killed,
two years ago had a well digger em
ployed to sink wells. He used pipes
loaded with dynamite to loosen the sod.
It appears that the well digger re
turned all unused material to Higgins'
blacksmith shop, the dynamite pipe be
ing among the lot. This pipe has been
on the Higgins premises for all of two
years.
TWO VICTIMS OF A
BOILER EXPLOSION
One Man Killed and Another Seri
ously Injured in a Woodland
Disaster.
"WOODLAND, Marrh 16.— E. J. Baird, a
fruit-grower, living three miles north of
Woodland, met with an awful death at
5:30 this afternoon. He was employed as
engineer of an irrigating plant at John
Martin's gardens. While in tne act of
putting straw into a furnace the engine
blew up. Baird was hurled sixty yards,
his clothing almost torn off, his body
badly mangled, many bones broken, and
the flesh horribly cooked.
John Martin had just dumped a load of
straw, and was leaning against the wheel
of the engine with his back to the boiler.
He was knocked down and rolled over half
a dozen times before he could get up. His
face was bruised, both eyes closed and
both arms and back badly burned, but
no bones were broken, and he will re
cover and probably not lose his sight.
The head of the engine was blown
through the air a distance of eighty
yards. The engine and trucks were blown
forty feet in the opposite direction.
Baird leaves a widow and one child. He
lived 500 yards from the scene of the dis
aster. Mrs. Baird heard the explosion,
but didn't know what had occurred until
informed of the death of the husband.
The evening meal was all ready and on
the table awaiting her husband's return.
Martin's aged mother lives 200 yards
away on the opposite side of the creek.
She heard the explosion and understood
its terrible import. She tried to cross the
bridge and collapsed.
SUICIDE AT BAKERSFIELD.
William Morrell Borrows a Knife and
Plunges it Into His Heart.
BAKERSFIELD, March 16.— William
Morrell committed suicide mis afternoon
near Range's saloon by driving a knife
into his heart. He borrowed the knife
from a friend and walked out of the back
door and said, "Good-by; he-e's the last
of old' Bill," and then coo y ended his
life. He had been drinking. He was 37
years of age and hailed from San Jose,
where, it is said, his people reside. He
was a blacksmith by trade.
BOSS REA
SCORED BY
THE GANG
Case of Satan Rebuk
ing Sin at San
Jose.
Politician's Satellites An-
gered by His .Lack
of Tact.
By Slandering Jarman He Has
Played Into the Reform
ers' Hands.
CHARTER CLUB VICTORY.
Given an Opening by Which It Can
Expose the Methods of the
Opposition.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 16.— Interest in
the Jarman-Rea suit was unabated to
day. Additional food for talk and
thought has been furnished lly Rea in
the interview in which he sought to es
tablish the fact that he had made no
direct charge of bribery against ex-
Councilman Jarman. Comment is now
in great part confined to that part of
Rea's statement in which he says that
he knows all about the transaction
relative to money having been illegally
paid to Councilmen to secure the pur
chase by the city of the steam street
roller.
In the course of the interview had
with him Rea in the first instance said
that he could not remember the name
of the man who told him about this
affair. It was, he said, the man who
had paid th.c money to the Councilmen.
He declared that he learned from this
man every detail of the corrupt trans
action — who had received the money
and how much each man got.
On being pressed to give the name of
the bribe giver he said that even if he
remembered it he wouid not make it
public. "You don't think I want to bowl
anybody out," was the form of his ob
jection.
What people are now asking each
other are these questions: How comes
it that "Jim" Rea, a private citizen,
knows all about this bribe giving and
bribe taking. How is it that
he was taken into the confi
dence of the bribe giver? Why,
in justice to those Councilmen
who were not parties to the corrupt
deal, does not Rea lay his information
before the proper authorities? Why
does Rea deny that he charged Jarman
| with having received a part of this
money and yet say ne thinks Jarman
got some of it, if Rfa has knowledge of
all the facts, which be claims he has?
These are some of the questions that
the political boss may be asked to an
swer when the case against him is
brought to trial.
Rea is not only being worried over his
latest slip of the tongue by the fact that
he has given the good government ad
vocates a club, but his friends are
using any but complimentary language
of him and to him. Those who have
chided him most harshly are Paul P.
Austin, one of the "gang's" candidates
for the appointing board, and Johnnie
Mackenzie, the first lieutenant of the
boss. The latter is particularly bitter
in his arraignment.
In view of an episode of the recent
past Satan rebuking sin would be but
a mild comparison to make with Mac
kenzie rebuking Rea. It Is not so many
weeks ago that Mackenzie became the
author of the following:
"The gang has never been beaten
out, and The Call win make a bad
break if it jumps on the boys. We
never let up on a man when he Jumps
the traces. As an instance look at the
sign on the Rurkt-rs' store."
From this it w ill be seen that neither
the boss nor hia lieutenant has much
ground for complaint against the other.
And these are the two men who are
credited with being the most astute
politicians of Santa Clara County, and
who are actually in control of both the
government machinery in the city of
San Jose and the county of Santa
Clara.
These two men whose power has
come most largely from their ability
to slander and to terrorize decent men
have been allowed through the indif
ference of the people to administer the
city's affairs; to drive honorable men
out of business; to put corrupt men into
office; to force capitalists, Investors
and home seekers to shun this garden
spot; to stagnate business, and last,
but most important of all, to increase
the tax levy of the city from 80 cents
on the $100 to $140 on the $100.
It is these men, acknowledged leaders
of the element known as "the gang, '
who are now seeking, by the cowardly
and insidious methods to which they
have become accustomed, to defeat the
establishment of good and economical
government in San Jose. They have
caused numberless so-called independ
ent candidates to enter the field in the
hope that this will so divide the votes
that some at least of the Charter Club
candidates will be defeated.
Every voter who desires a change
from "gang" rule to a business admin
istration of the city's affairs, who pre
fers honest to corrupt methods, who
wants a low instead of an extortionate
tax rate, who wants to see San Jose
invaded by investors and home seekers
instead of infested by boodlers and cor
ruptionists will vote the New Charter
Club ticket straight ffom top to bot
tom. __
STORY OF MONDAY'S
CLASH AT NANCY.
Official Version of the Recent Fight
ing Between French and
Germans.
METZ, March 10.— According to the of
ficial version of Monday's Incident at
Nancy, when a German captain of the
Customs Guards and one of his subordi
nates are reported to have crossed the
frontier and advanced fifteen yards upon
French soil, the chief frontier surveyor,
M. Glese, was officially conversing with
French mining officials on German soil
when he was stoned by a French work
man. The latter's comrades then crowded
upon German territory, using abusive
language and throwing stones.
At this juncture the frontier inspector
arrived, and. seeing the threatening atti
tude of the French, put his gun to his
shoulder. At this the French withdrew
and the original assailant was arrested
by the French police.
Pioneer Woman Dead.
SAN JOSE, March 16.— Mrs. Catherine
B. Schell, a pioneer resident of this
county, died here to-day. She was 75
years old and a native of New York.
The deceased had residede here for forty
ejx years.
SLAYS A YOUNG
GIRL AND ENDS
HIS OWN LIFE
Murder of a Rancher's Daughter
Followed by the Suicide
of Her Slayer.
NAPA, March 16.— James Jackso n arrived in Napa City this evening
from the upper portion of the county, bringing news of a double trage
dy which occurred this afternoon in Shiles Valley, some twenty miles
distant from here. Mr. Sausilla, a rancher residing in Chiles Valley,
this morning was in St. Helena, accompanied by his daughter Victorine,
a young lady 17 years of age. In the afternoon they started to return
to their home. Shortly after their Separture JTjilius Bahn, a laborer by
occupation, hired a horse and buggy from a livery stable and pro
ceeded upon the road leading to Chiles Valley. When about ten miles
from St. Helena Bahn overtook Mr. Sausilla and his daughter and re
quested that Miss Sausilla get out of the vehicle in which she was with
her father and ride with him. The young lady did so, and the two
rigs proceeded on the road, but soon separated.
The next that was learned of the young couple whom Mr. Sau
silla had left together on the road was the finding of the body of Vic
torine Sausilla in the carriage, whiich was standing, with the horse
hitched and uninjured, at the gate leading to the premises of Mr. Sau
silla. Miss Sausilla had apparently been shot with a pistol.
One mile back toward St. Helena from the home of Miss Sausilla
the body of James Bahn was found lying in the road, where he had
evidently committed suicide after killing the girl with whom he had
been riding.
Bahn had lately been employed by a man named Sierers In Chiles
Valley. The motive for his crime and suicide is not known, but it Is
presumed that he was in love with the young woman.
Mr. Sausilla and family lived in Napa for a number of years and
lately moved from here to Chiles Valley.
RAILWAY WITH
BED OF BRUSH
How the Point Richmond
Branch 'Will Be
Constructed.
When Completed It Will Appear
as One Strong and Last
ing Bridge.
Engineers Confident of Overcoming
Difficulties in the Tule
Region.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, March 16.— When the
Marshall Pass route of the Denver and
Rio Grande Railroad was completed
the success with which the engineers
mastered the problems confronting
them surprised the world. While the
difficulties are widely different in the
construction of the Point Richmond
route, they are none the less complex.
The completion of the line may not
awaken such applause from laymen,
but the world of civil engineers will
regard it as a triumph for their profes
sion.
Only those who are familiar with the
features of the tule and reclaimed
lands lying by the route between
Stockton and the other terminal of the
branch can appreciate the difficulties
in the way of establishing a permanent
roadbed across this treacherous sec
tion. It seems impossible to obtain
aMiard pan on which to operate. If
pnes could be embedded in solid earth
even ten feet below the surface a part
i of the difficulty would be solved; but,
according to old-timers more familiar
probably with the changeable nature of
the levels than are the engineers them
selves, no reliance can be placed on the
permanency of any grade built solely
i on the surface.
Stripped of all technical explanations
it seems that the heights of the land
as compared with the sea level are ex
ceedingly fickle, being made so, as far
as can be estimated by laymen, from
currents of water very near the sur
! face. An illustration vouched for by
I Oscar Marshall, who has hunted and
! fished over the territory for many
years, will probably best make the phe
nomenon plain.
Chinese gardeners who had a tract
of land adjacent to a slough concluded
•to try irrigation, their land having
become very dry. To this end they
excavated the small levee and put in a
I small water gate, the top of which was
made to sit about three inches above
the water marks. On leaving at night
they closed the gate and were dum-
I founded the next morning to find that
! the top of the gate sat nearly two feet
I below their garden. There was not
a crack in the ground, or anything
other than the gate and frame work to
I Indicate that the land had changed al-
I titude. A few days thereafter the top
I of the gate again marked the water
! surface.
So far as can be learned the conclu
| sions of the engineers are that the
j roadbed must be established much after
I the manner of jetty work. The base
i of the work will be upon brush, cut
and laid in cradle form. Into this sand
and some mixture calculated to solid
ify the formation will be placed. Piling
will be used, but the weight of the line
will not be dependent on the piles,
which will apparently have more the
! effect of an anchorage than supports.
I The wofk must necessarily proceed
j slowly, as the brush must be sunk as
I far as possible by heavy weights. The
' broad base of the grade will give the
regular grade a base of perhaps two
times the width of the surface lines.
Ample calculation will be made for the
settling process. The composition of
the grade as built must necessarily
partake largely of rocking, giving
weight and permanency.
The line as it will be completed will
appear as one vast bridge, strong and
lasting, but without suspension, gird
ers or supports.
PROJECTED SEWER SYSTEM.
Improvement to Be Made at the Sali
nas Sugar Factory.
SALINAS. March 16.— The Spreckeis
Sugar Company will soon begin the con
struction of a perfect sewer system at Its
sugar factory and townsite property.
When completed it will be one of the
finest and most complete systems in the
State. Many bids have already been re
ceived by Superintendent W. C. Waters
for the construction of the line, but it
will be the first of next week before the
matter Is settled. The main sewer will
run adjacent to all the factory buildings,
but at a depth of seventeen feet below
the surface of the ground, and will be of
a style known aa a circular ditch, built
of masonry. The sewer of the townsite
will be of 24-inch pipe. The whole sys
tem will contain about 17.000 feet of pipe
and will empty Into the Salinas River.
the fee-simile jr# yrgrTST* to on evw y wrapper
signature of (&uz/yffl&£4&l of CASIQBIA.
GAMBLERS TO
BE EXPELLED
Prompt Action Taken by-
Mayor Land of Sac
ramento.
Every Game in the Capital City
Ordered Closed by To-
Night.
Evidence That the Present Regime
Does Not Approve a " Wide
Open" Policy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, March 16.— Mayor
Land, true to the trust reposed in him
by the people, and Chief of Police Dwy
er, In the fulfillment of the expectations
of his many friends, have ordered every
gambling hall to close, and before to
morrow night, it is safe to- say, there
will not be a single instance where the
laws of the State and ordinances of the
city are violated. Those who were first
inclined to the belief that the Mayor
and Chief were not determined to carry
out and sustain the laws of the land
against gambling are beginning to
think that they counted too socm upon
the claim of the Mayor's enemies that
his election would simply mean a "wide
open town." Mayor Land is made of
different clay, and, while he Is inclined
to be most tolerant and conservative
upon all matters affecting the gambling
fraternity and those who are opposed
to it, he will not sanction anything that
will bring discredit and shame upon his
administration. Until the gamblers
themselves cease to boast o/C their hold
upon the Mayor and until they are
brought to a realization of the fact that
they cannot parade the streets and
openly defy the authorities, it is safe
to say that not another card will be
turned in Sacramento for many a day.
At no time in the history of the Cap
ital City has there been a Mayor who
gave so much time and attention to the
interests of the municipality as Mayor
Land has given, and those who calcu
lated upon him playing fast and loose
with any matter of public interest have
entirely misunderstood his character
and underestimated his standard of
honor.
INCENDIARY CAUSES
A CARPINTERIA BLAZE-
Criminal Methods Employed to Pre
vent the Sinking of Oil
Wells.
SANTA BARBARA, March 16.— Colonel
Russell Heath of Carpintena is experi
encing considerable trouble in sinking oil
wells. A short time ago some one dropped
a steel plug into his 400-foot well, which
compelled a cessation of work. Early
this morning the derrick house over a
deep well in process of being bored on
Colonel Heath s place at Carpinteria was
destroyed by fire. The fire was evidently
of incendiary origin. Residents of Car
pinteria Valley are opposed to exploring
for oil, deeming it against the interests
of the valley, and from this cause may
have come his troubles.
ELECTRIC ROAD FROM
HAYWARDS TO DIABLO-
Surveyors Selecting a Route for a
Line to the Summit of the
Mountain.
MARTINEZ, March 16.— A surveying
party of eight men, with A. Allison, for
merly of the Southern Pacific, in charge,
is now engaged In surveying a route for
the electric road which is to run from
Haywards to Danville, with its ultimate
terminus at the summit of Mount Diablo.
The branch road will i-onnect at San
Ramon and run to Livermore. Grading
will soon commence.
Lowers a Track Record.
NEW ORLEANS, March 16.— N. L. Sed
don's colt Cherry Leaf hung up a new
record for the track in the sev*Mi furlong
handicap to-day, covering the distance in
1:27 V*. Weather fine; track fast.
Six furlongs, selling— Minnie "Weldon
won, Nannie Dunne second, Pete Kitchen
third. Time, 1:15.
Six furlongs, selling— Bertha Nell won
Tole Simmons second, Dousterswiv-1
third. Time. 1:16*4.
One mile, selling— Tranby won. Head
light second, High Test third. Time,
1:41%.
Handicap, seven furlongs— Cherry Leaf
won. Globe II second, Tabouret third
Time, 1:27*4.
One mile and a sixteenth — Carrie Lyle
won. Jack of Hearts second, Kingsto'ne
third. Time, 1:49.
Seven furlongs— Alamo won. Little
Bramble second, Clara Bauer third. Time,
POWDERLY IS
CONFIRMED
Favorable Vote in the
Senate After a Sharp
Debate.
Mr. Hanna Declares That the
Appointee Made No
Bargain.
The Ohio Senator Had Preferred
Another for Commissioner
of Immigration. «
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 16.
T. V. Powderly was confirmed as
Commissioner of Immigration in the
Senate in executive session to-day by
the vote of 43 to 20. Senator Chandler
was the only Republican who cast his
vote against confirmation, while a large
number of Democrats voted for Mr.
Powderly.
The vote was preceded by a rather
sharp debate, in which the question
whether Mr. Powderly had made a
trade with the Republicans in the last
campaign was discussed quite freely.
Senators Teller and Stewart attacked
Mr. Powderly's record on the financial
question, and Senator Stewart read a
letter from Mr. Powderly, written dur
ing the campaign of 1892, in which he
had declared his adherence to the cause
of bimetallism and denounced those of
the labor element who had aligned
themselves on the Republican side as
rendering themselves liable to the
charge of being made the subjects of
bribery. Mr. Stewart contended that
Mr. Powderly had placed himself In
exactly the same category in which he
had previously sought to place others
by his course in the campaign of 1896.
Senator Hanna made a brief speech,
in which he asserted that Mr. Powder
ly's support of the Republican ticket
in the late campaign was not the re
sult of any collusion or bargain.
"Mr. Powderly," he said, "came to us
of his own accord and without any so
licitation on our part. We did not go
after him and we did not promise any
thing."
Furthermore, Mr. Hanna said he was
not originally a supporter of Powderly
for the position of Commissioner of Im
migration, having already a candidate
for the office. This fact ought to be
sufficient evidence, Mr. Hanna thought,
to convince the most skeptical that
there had been n6 bargain that Pow
derly should have the office as the re
sult of his services in the campaign.
Chandler made another speech in op
position, reading protests from labor
organizations and declaring that the
Republican party could not afford to
appoint to so important an office the
man distasteful to the labor elements.
Fairbanks closed the debate in Pow
derly's behalf, defending his record in
the office and his character as a man.
He said that Powderly had demon
i strated by several months of service
j his fitness for the office. He asserted
I that the only charges made against
! him were of a political nature and aon
\ tended that these were not o. a char
acter to in any way reflect upon him or
to justify opposition to his confirma
tion. _
Rhode Island Republican Ticket.
PROVIDENCE, R. L, March 16.— The
Republican State convention to-day nom
inated the following ticket:
Governor— Elisha Dyer.
Lieutenant-Governor— \v uliam J. ureg-
OI Secretary of State— Charles P. Ben
n Attorney-General-TV. B. "Tauner.
General Treasurer— W. A. Reed.
Adjutant-General— G. A. Sackett.
Auditor— A. C. Lands.
Superintendent of Education— T. B.
Stockwell. ' , _, ,
All except Messrs. Gregory ana Keea
are renominated.
The platform adopted treats exclusively
of State affairs.
TRY! TRY!
DO NOT GET DISCOXJR-. .
aged. There Is a chance
for you. You can live and
be a great man yet. You can
exercise your whole power.
"Hudyan". will enable you to i
. do it. That is as sure as
that you are reading this.
Do not doubt. There are 10,-
000 men on . this continent
who are full of manhood now ,
•who saw spots before their
eyes and had that "all-gone" .
feeling before they used that
grand remedio-treatment. It
is "Hudyan" alone that so
surely cures. If you say that
you have lost faith in all
things you. are foolish. You
have not done anything of
the sort. Your poor, weak
and abused system makes
you think that you have; ,
that is all. Come, now!
Write this very day -
and ask for circulars and
testimonials about "Hud-
yan." They are quite free, t
and you can yet the very
best medical advice there is
to be had in the world free,
too, if you want it. That's '
the point, do you want it?
- Oh, for goodness sake, do be a
MAN. TRY!
IT JLajLI a © JL li Ji o
All curable diseases are cured at
the Institute. , It is one of the great
! medical establishments of the world.
Say that your teeth are loose, that
you have copper-colored spots on
your body, ,. small ulcers in your
mouth — these mean blood taint.
Write for "30-Day Blood Cure" cir-
culars. Free, too ! Catarrh, kidney
and liver trouble '', cured as surely as
your vital strength is restored— and
about that there is no doubt!
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
JUNCTION
Ellis, Market and Stockton Streets,
San Francisco, Cal.A COLORED CHAMPION OF HEAVY-WEIGHT CHAMPIONS.
Peter Jackson, the champion heavy
weight pugilist of England and Australia,
will finish his road exorcise, and, in fact,
ell nth'.etie exercises on Saturday; then
he will rest at enso. bo to speak, until
he meets hiR prospective opponent, Jim
Jeffries, in the ring at Woodward's Pavil
ion on Tuesday evening.
The clever and decidedly unassuming
pugilist was seen yesterday at his train
ing quarters in Alameda, and, in answer
to questions, said:
""Well, it is about six years since I
engaged in what you could term a con
test in which the best man wins — or at
least should win, according to fair-play
rules.
"As you will remember, after my fight
with Jim Corbett in the old California
Athletic Club, which terminated in a "no
conteet," I departed for England. This
was after I had challenged John Ij. Sul
livan a second time, and was refused a
fight because I happened to be colored.
Well, let that pass. I was matched by a
London club to light Frank P. Slavin,
who was then considered by the best
authorities of pugilism to be a better man
than Sullivan— that is, of course, pugi
listlcally speaking.
"The betting in this city and in Eastern
cities was in favor of Slavin, as the
DEPRIVED
OF PRISON
PRIVILEGES
Captain Robinson Se
riously Accused by
George Marion.
Refused to Allow Him to
Send a Note to His
Father.
IVlarion Claims Robinson In
sulted His Aged Parents
When They Called.
SAYS IT IS PERSECUTION.
Yi.9 Will Attempt to Enlis: the
Sympathies of Chief
Lees.
Captain Robinson seems determined
to make life unbearable for George
Marion, who is confined in the City
Prison on a charge of an attempt to
commit a burglary. He accuses
Marion of furnishing information to
The Call of his apparent determination
to starve the prisoners under his
charge.
Some time ago Marion was arrested
for burglary and locked up in the City
Prison. Not getting sufficient to eat he
■wrote a communication to the Chief of
Police, which was signed by his cell
matps. asking for additional rations.
Chief Lees promptly ordered Robin
son to Riv^ the prisoners under his
charge sufficient food, and threatened
to bring him before the Commissioners
unless he did.
For several days the unfortunate oc
cupants of the prison received all the
food they desired. Marion finally se
cured his relea.se, and evidently think
that there would be no further "kick,"
is Robinson expressed it, he ordered
the "trusties" to curtail the allowance.
BO that the prisoners now receive only
sufficient "grub" to keep them alive.
Last Monday Marion was again ar
rested and booked for an attempt to
commit burglary. Remindful of the
statement which he sent to the Chief
of Police and anxious to "get even
him Robinson has even refused to allow
him to send for a messenger-boy so
that he could inform his parents of his
arrest. . _
"It is bad enough to be locked up In
this foul plac<\" remarked Marlon last
night "without having the captain of
th<- prison trying to make life unbear
able for me. Immediately after my
arrest I asked him to allow me to send
a note to my father, but he positively
"He told me that I had caused enough
trouble and he was determined to
make me suffer. When my mother and
father visited me when I was in the
prison before he grossly insulted them,
pimply because I exposed his methods
in starving the prisoners."
Marion says he will send another
communication to the Chief of Police,
Firing his grievances and explaining
the tactics of the captain of the prison.
THE KING CYRUS
IN HARD LUCK
She Springs Aleak and Was
Forced to Lie Up for
Repairs.
A D«*rth of Berths Along th«
Front Worries the Chief
Wharfinger.
A big fleet of steamers and coasters
left port yesterday. Sixteen la all passed
out during the daytime, and of this num
ber fourteen arrived In a bunch the day
before the recent norther. Whatever
*Ught damage they received on that oc
Peter Jackson, the Great and Scientific Pugilist of Modern Times, Is
Now in Condition to Meet the Powerful Athlete, Jim Jeffries,
sports who had read of Slavin's great
punching abilities were impressed with
the idea that he (Slavin) would makfl
short work of me.
"Well, the contest took place, and I
have no doubt that the result was a big
surprise to many people who are classed
as being expert judges of lighters and
pugilistic affairs.
"I will allow that since my contest
casion lias been repaired. They are now
on their way up the coast again for an
other load.
The San Francisco four-masted schooner
King Cyrus, now on her way to Hono
lulu has been in hard luck, having had
to put into Sydney. N. S. %V.. In distress.
She left Newcastle with a full cargo of
coal and some deck cargo. A heavy
breeze sprang up, and brought with it
very dirty weather, during which the ves
sel began to leak. At times there was
four feet of water In her hold, and the
men had to stay by the pumps day and
night in order to keep her afloat W a n
the men were in such an exhausted con
dition that they could hardly work anj
longer the tug Stormcock hove in signt
and towed the vessel into Sydney harbor.
The leak steadily gaining, it was deemed
advisable to beach the vessel on the mud
flats. Her cargo was "discharged, alter
which she was put on the drydook. _\\ hen
the repairs had been made the schooner
was reloaded, and is now once more on
her way to Honolulu.
There is not a spare berth on the water
front and Chief Wharfinger Root is at
his wits' end to provide dock room tor
the vessels now in the stream. Yesterday
he sent a communication to the HarDor
Commissioners recommending the re
moval of the naval reserve training-ship
Marion into the stream until the rush is
over. This will raist- a howl In naval re
serve circles. It has cost the battalion
a considerable sum of money to moor the
vessel in a thoroughly safe manner, and
they have also had the vessel fitted with
electric lights from the abore. If the
Marion is moved into the stream tin ■
trio lights will have to be cut off and the
money spent In mooring her will have
been wasted. A delegation of officers will
cull upun the Harbor Commissioners to
day in the hopes that they will be able to
keep the sloop of war where she is. in
spite of the Chief Wharfinger's recom
mendation. .
The big steamer Willamette is on her
la-st trip as a collier for some time to
come. The rush of freight to Dyea and
Skaguay has become so great that the
Pacific Coast Steamship Companj cannot
handle it all. Goodall, Perkins &Co.have
accordingly chartered the Willamette,
and commencing April 1 she will carry
freight only from San Francisco and
Seattle to Dyea and Skaguay.
The Frenr-h authorities at Tahiti have
granted a subsidy of 50,000 francs to the
barkentines Tropic Bird and City of Pa
peete and the brig C-aliloe for carrying
the mail between San Francisco and
Tahiti.
The Tropic Bird is now due here any
day from Papeete.
Mrs. Eugenic Schuller Is still alive at
the Harbor Receiving Hospital. Dr.
Zabala now entertains hope of her re
covery. She was very much stronger yes
terday, and if all goes well she may pass
the dange» point to-day.
The steamer Fulton sailed yesterday
for Dyea and Skaguay. She took about
twenty passengers, and will call at
Eureka and Seattle for the rest of the
prospectors who are going up by her.
WENZELL REPORTS
ON CITY GAS
Fipds a Large Percentage
of Carbon Monoxide
Present.
New Food Inspectors Appointed.
Griffin Given « Posi
tion.
The report of Chemist TVenzell of the
Health Department, rendered to the
Board of Health yesterday, carries out
the contention of the gas companies that
the product that is supplied to San Fran
cisco consumers is not inferior to that
furnished in Eastern cities.
Professor Wenzell devoted fifteen pages
of typewritten matter to a dissertation on
the qualities of water and coal gas. and
finally arrived at the conclusion that the
gas furnished by the Pacific Gas Im
provement Company contains 24. ".3 per
cent of carbon monoxide and that of the
San Francisco Gas Company 16.44 of the
deadly constituent.
He called attention to the fact that rsew
York Chicago and other Eastern cities
use gas that contains a larger p.;r rent of
the quality that i.s complained of. The
board touk the report under con^ldera-
J. H. Breeze and William Erkson were
appointed food inspectors at salaries of
$75 per month each, and the salary <>f
Clerk Frank Stanton was increased from
*7S to $100 per month.
W D Griffin was appointed to compile
the statistics of the department for the
purposes of an annual report at a salary
of $190 per month.
Try the "Koh-I-Noor" lead pencil, and
you will have no further us« for others. •
KATE BARIVES ARRESTED.
Accused of Stealing Several Rings
From a Guest of the Russ House.
Kate Uarnes, the piano teacher ac
cused of stealing several rings from Mrs.
Schofield, a guest at the Russ House, was
arrested Monday night by Policeman
Brophy and locked up in the City Prison.
Sho was found in a resort on O'Farrell
street and taken in custody. As Mrs.
Schoiield refused to appear against her,
«ho wiis yesterday booked for vagrancy.
The woman denies that she robbed Mrs.
Schofield. She admits being in her room,
but declares that she did not take the
rings.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-10:3 Mission.
THE SAN FRAXCTSCO CAI/L, TIIUTJSDAT, MARCH 17, 1898.
with Slavin I have enjoyed myself, and
I would like to know the pugilist who
woud refuse a good time whenever the
opportunity presents itself. But you will
observe that I am still physically in a
condition to defend the championship of
the old countries, and I have trained
faithfully for the past eight weeKs with
that objex-t in view.
"Until I am whipped my wish is that
EVIDENCE
AGAINST HOFF
Mrs. L. A. Legg Saw Him
Fleeing From the Scene
of the Crime.
Almost Direct Testimony Re
garding the Murder of
Mrs. Clute.
Th« Witness Told a Clear Story of
the Crime That Could Not
He Shaken.
Judge Cook's courtroom was crowded
yesterday morning, when the proceed
ings in the murder charge against Al
bert Hoff were resumed. Hoff is the
man accused of taking the life of Mrs.
Clute at 803 Guerrero street on Decem
ber 15 last. Interest in the trial is in-
creasing as it progresses, and the court
bailiffs were unable to find seats for the
spectators. The accused murderer is
the center of attraction. He sits close
to his attorneys, nervous at times,
starting at the least unusual sound
that occurs in the room, and sometimes
crouching and holding up his arms as
if to ward off unexpected blows. At
times yesterday he paid close attention
to most of the evidence that was pro
duced against him. He scowled at the
witnesses when direct and damaging
testimony was made against him, and
when the evidence seemed to favor him
he smiled and twitched about in his
chair in apparent glee.
Mrs. L. A. Legg, who, with her hus
band and father-in-law, occupied the
lower floor of the house where the
tragedy took place, was on the witness
stand most of the day, and her testi-
mony was almost conclusive in fasten
ing the guilt of the crime on the ac
cused man. She was an excellent wit
ness, testifying directly to fasts as she
knew them, and the most rigid cross
examination by the attorneys for the
defense could not shatter the least
statement she made in her evidence.
The substance of her testimony was
to the effect that she admitted Hoff into
the residence at 803 Guerrero street on
the day of the tragedy at about 1
o'clock. He had a bundle wrapped in a
piece of carpet with him when he en
tered. He had called by arrangement
with Mrs. Clute to assist in arranging
the furniture in the upper flat of the
house, into which she was about to
move. He went upstairs, but came
down a few minutes afterward, leav
ing the bundle which contained hlstools
In the rooms above. Mrs. Clute was not
at the ho-use at the time, and he
"IT IS NOT TRUE/ SAYS ADA LEWIS.
Apropos of the announced engagement of Daniel T. Frawley to Miss
Aria Lewis, which delicate bit of matrimonial gossip has recently caused
quite a ripple of excitement in dramatic circles, a special from New
York yesterday announces that Miss Lewis has again denied the rumor.
She says that it has caused her and Mr. Frawley much annoyance and
that the rumor started from a practical Joke, which was originated by
pome of their mutual friends, who were a bit eager to extend congratu
lations.
It appears that Frawley and Miss Lewis, with some of their friends,
were out at a dinner recently In Washington, D. C, when the subject
of securing artists for Frawley's company that is to appear here next
summer arose. During the course of the conversation Ada, with one of
her most bewitching smiles, looked across the table to where Frawley
had a glass of wine poised in his hand and said: "Look here, Dan, I
want you to engage me."
The actor, with his accustomed gallantry, smiled back and assured
Ada that nothing would give him greater pleasure than to be engaged
to such a charming creature. Then he drank to the success of the en
gagement and swore by one of the most forcible oaths known to his
profession that he would engage Miss Lewis "ere the sun had gilded the
eastern portals of the day with its burnished rays."
Thus the rumor that Frawley — T. Daniel Frawley of histrionic fame —
was to launch his ship of fate upon the matrimonial sea with the
charming and adorable Ada as a companion originated.
Their friends told of the incident, the happy incident, and they failed
not to color it with all the suggestive delicacy of Love's mysterious
handiwork, and the result was that before the principals were aware
of the fact they found that it had been heralded to the world that they
were to be married. Both made prompt denials, but gossip insisted
upon a wedding, and in consequence Frawley — T. Daniel Frawley —
and the beautiful and adorable Ada have been put to no little incon
venience to assure the world at large that they have not decided to go
to housekeeping.
the sporting people of this city will re
frain from cauterizing me because I may
have not lived an abstemious life since
then.
"l*p to the present time I have had
numerous support) rs, but there are
among my old believers some people who
imagine that time has worked wonders,
or. In other words, time has undermined
my constitution; but let that be as it
went away. He came back again about
4 o'clock, "and he was seen by the wit
ness go upstairs, where Mrs. Clute was
then. Soon after his arrival a young
man who previously had been admitted
to the house to lay some carpets in the
rooms Mrs. Clute was to occupy left
the house. He carried a roll of mat
ting on his shoulder when he left.
Not long afterward, when Mrs. Legg
was engaged in the kitchen of her
home in some household duties, she
heard a faint scream repeated two or
three times. Her father-in-law, who
was in the parlor at the front of the
house, came into the kitchen and in
quired about the screams. He said
they came from the floor above them
and she and Mr. Legg started to ascer
tain the cause of the cries of agony.
They had only got as far as the hail
way, when there was a sound of a
heavy body falling on the floor almost
above them. Mrs. Legg ran into her
bedroom and securing her husband' 3
revolver started to go upstairs when
her father-in-law stopped her and cau
tioned her about taking the pistol with
her. She returned the weapon and
went nearly to the top of the stairs
and when there saw a man standing
in the door of the front room with his
back to her. She asked what was the
matter and called to Mrs. Clute and
asked if she was hurt. To her ques
tions she received ri" renty. She real
ized that something was wrong and
she rushed down the stairs and asked
her father-in-law to go for assistance.
Mr. Legg opened the front door to go
out, when they heard footsteps on the
uncarpeted hallway upstairs. They lis
tened and heard the person walking
go the full length of the hallway, then
descend the stairs at the rear of the
house, open a door nftr-r unlocking
it and step, out into the alleyway at
the side of the house, then go along
a board walk toward the front of the
residence. Mrs. Legg and her rela
tive went out of the front door and to
the sidewalk and about at that time
the man who had been upstairs opened
a door in a high fence that inclosed
the lot and emerged on the street. He
carried a bundle wrapped in a piece
of carpet and it was a bundle similar
to the one the man carried who was
admitted to the house by the witness
earlier in the day. The man who car
ried it resembled the man whom the
witness saw standing in the hallway
when she went up the stairs after hear
ing the sound of the body falling. The
man who emerged from the side gate
also closely resembled the man whom
the witness had admitted to the house
early in the afternoon.
The witness positively Identified Hoff
as the man she admitted to the house,
and she was almost positive that he
was the same man she saw standing in
the doorway of the front room of the
house a moment after the tragedy was
committed, and also the same man
who emerged from the side grate a mo
ment later. After he got on the side
walk he started away, walking up
Guerrero street toward Liberty. Mr.
Legj? called three times after him as
he went, asking- what was the matter
upstairs, but the fleeing man instead of
answering only quickened his steps and
disappeared around the corner of the
cross street.
The witness then told of calling
neighbors into the house and of the
finding of the body and the summoning
of the officers and physicians.
Mrs. Masterson of *J5 Page street,
.where Mrs. Clute boarded previous to
the time she moved to 803 Guerrero
street, related the story of a visit from
may I hope the old friends of Peter Jack
son will refrain from expressing an
opinion of me — that is, relative to the life
I have led— until after ray contest with
that powerful young athlete, Jim Jeffries
of Los Angeles.
"I have trained with the object of win
ning the fight of Tuesday evening, and if
I fail to attain that all-looked-for end,
then I will allow that Peter Jackson has
s.>en his best days and will willingly con
cede the palm to a better man."
Peter Jackson, although he may not ap
pear as muscular in the back and body
as he appeared prior to his great "no con
test" battle with Jim Corbett at the old
California Athletic Club on May 21, IS9I,
still retains all of his old-time speed and
clash. He is yet as quick as a cat on his
feet, and his head moves as quickly as
ever from blows that are aimed with the
object of landing on head or face.
The only questions that remain in doubt
are relative to Jackson's vitality and his
ability to travel the twenty rounds' dis-
m Tuesday evening he will satisfy the
admirers of" the game whether he can
live through a heavy sea of blows or sink
into oblivion from the hot shots that will
be fired at him from the Jeffries battle-
11 successful Jackson will deposit $s(a.
to light Fitzslmmons, Corbett or any
other man living for the championship of
the world, and on the other hand, if Jef
fries be declared the winner he will Imme
diately issue a challenge to Tom Sharkey,
with the object of fighting him on any
spot on earth under Queensberry, London
prize ring, rough and tumble or any
other kind of old rules for money or mar
bles Sharkey to select his own referee.
The Olympic Club will offer a good
purse for* Sharkey and Jeffries to fight.
Hoff in the afternoon of the tragedy,
when Hoff complained of not finding
Mrs. Clute at home when he went to.
the Guerrero street house at about
noon to perform the work she had
hired him to do. Hoff had at different
times assisted the witness in repair
ing her furniture and at odd jobs about
the house. He remained only a few
minutes and left, apparently to return
to 803 Guerrero street, having been in
formed by the witness that Mrs. Clute
had left for that house only a few min
utes before he called.
The trial will go on this forenoon.
HUNTING E. B. HAYMOND.
Deputy Sheriffs Looking for the
Dealer in Confessions.
Attorney Edgar B. Haymond, who is
credited with being a professional con
fession manufacturer for sensational
journals, was not on hand yesterday
afternoon when the contempt proceed
ings were resumed in Judge Coo-k's
court. A deputy sheriff had hunted all
day and all the night before for him,
but he could not be found. Haymond
is wanted to tell how he manufactured
the confession of Hoff that he peddled
among the newspapers and offered to
sell for $2000. Hoff has pronounced the
alleged confession a fake, though he
says the "confession" editor of a morn
ing paper offered him a good sum of
money to admit that he beat the life
out of Mrs. Clute in December last at
SO3 Guerrero street.
The deputy sheriff to-ld the court of
his search for the absent attorney;
then Chief Jailer Sattler was put on
the stand. He said he had been visited
at the jail on Broadway, where
Hoff is confined, by John Connors, a
morning paper's confessor, who on Sun
day morning last said Hoff's attorneys
would soo-n follow him to the jail, and
they were to try and induce their cli
ent to make a confession to him. The
chief jailer asked Hoff about it, and the
prisoner replied he had never admitted
he had killed Mrs. Clute, nor did he in
tend to say that he had.
Attorney Schooler said on the stand
that he knew of no confession made by
his client, though he had heard rumors
that a morning paper had offered the
accused murderer $10,000 to admit the
crime. He ridiculed the idea of a con
fession having been made by Hoff.
The investigation was continued till
this afternoon.
GAS MONOPOLY
READY TO FIGHT
Tt "Will Resist the Suit to Compel
It to Disgorge a " Volun
tary" Deposit.
Afraid That Its Customers "Will Fora©
It to Return the Money It Forced
From Them.
The Interest felt by the gas companies
in the effort to retain the large sums de
posited with them as "voluntary" in
voluntary deposits has in no measure died
out. It is shared in by the public. The
fact having been made clear that the
companies have no right to the money
has scared the twin monopoly. It de
sires to hold on to the thousands it has,
and which without a shadow of right It
is keeping. That any person demanding
the return of the deposit will receive it
there is no doubt. If no other course is
available it is easy to terminate the con
tract, draw down the deposit, and then
in writing demand that a meter be put
in If the meter be not . put in within
ten days the company refusing must for
feit $50, with Jo additional for every day
of continued refusal. Such is the law,
expressed in the plainest terms.
The rule by which the companies have'
demanded a deposit is of their own crea
tion and entirely arbitrary. There is no
way of enforcing it. The suit brought by
Mi James Is a test.- He had had $5 in
the' possession of the Gas and Electric
Company for several years. In the mean
time the- charges of the company had
been outrageous, it making him pay for
eas never consumed, and when he , pro
tested against robbery, telling him he
could pay the bill or have the supply of
gas discontinued. Mr. James at last de
manded the return of his deposit, and
met with curt refusal. Then he brpvur»'t
suit ' The company at once sent him word
that he could have the deposit back by
calling for it. He informed the company
that the case was in the hands or his
lawyers. It is still there and will be
carried into- court with the intention of
demonstrating that a gas company 13 noT
supreme Either the company will pay
the trifling costs involved or the reason
will be knewn. If the people have no
rights it is well to have their status itn
dei stood.
The following letter shows that. th«
prat tices of the gas company are re
sented :
To the Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: Read
ing your articles against the imposition prac
ticed" by the gas company in regard to deposits
on u.eiurs, 1 being oaa of their victims, I sent
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥•*
Don't Miss the Hand-
kerchief Sale Friday and
Saturday.
Handkerchiefs were never so cheap before — 7000
will be sold at about one-third of the prices that they
were manufactured to sell tor — because of slight im-
perfections in the process of manufacture — a stitch
dropped here and there, or some such little mishap
that scarcely mars the finished handkerchief. But they
were dubbed "Manufacturers' Seconds," and the Swiss
importer accepted our low offer for the lot.
|_QJ |^ f 2500 Swiss Scallop* Embroidered Handkerchiefs, R[^n
j damaged in process or manufacture — the 15c and v3C
Seconds. ' 20c kind when perfect-
|_QJ 2, ( 2000 Swiss Scalloped Embroidered Handkerchiefs — if\g^
j some damaged worse than others— the 25c and |VrC
Seconds. ' 35c kind when perfect
[_O"f 3. ( 1500 Handkerchiefs — almost perfect — choice as-
 * sortment of scallop and fancy hemstitch — worth / 'it
Nearly per- \ , ..... " ■* V '
feet.
[_QJ 4.^ 1 1500 Handkerchiefs — Swiss Embroidered on sheer l/\^
.. * cloth — imperfections hardly noticeable — 15c and lift
Ntarlvpn- ( 2OC kind when perfect iVrV/
feet.
\_()J 5#5 # C 2000 Swiss Embroidered Handkerchiefs — on sheer
S cloth — choicest patterns — dainty goods anJ near- g I
Nearly per- 1 ly perfect — 25c and 35c kind — if picked trom M J £'jC\
feet. ( regular stock ~
Some Emporium , Our ; r fs u f la j; P rices are J he
~ -T • lowest that have ever been
OrOCery rriCeS, quoted in this city on strictly
first-class pure food products. Read daily list of .spe-
cials on cards in grocery show window. Quick de-
livery in special grocery wagons. Telephone South 59.
Labrador Herring 10 for 25c j 10-lb boxes White Figs. .6oc box
Holland Herring 10 for 25c | i-lb frames Honey 10c each
Fat Family Mackerel . . 3 for 25c j 12-ounce glass jars Honey . . .
Norway Bloater Mackerel .... 13c each
2 for 25c! 16-ounce glass jars Honey. . .
Smoked Salmon 16c Ib ! 25c each
i-lb tins Salmon 8c each | i-gallon cans Fine Honey . . .90c
2-lb tins Salmon 15c each Choice Burbank Potatoes. . . .
Imported Sardines, i-2s. 15c each j $1-35 cwt
2-lb boxes White Figs. .20c box Fancy Salinas Burbank Pota-
2-lb boxes Black Figs. . .15c box] toes $ 1.50 cwt
On the Main Always some very Special Of-
V. - D . fering on those tables in the
AlSle Bargain main aisle that the ladies visit
Table To-Dav. irst on enterin § tne store - To-
7*7 * day it chances to be —
2000 copies of Famous Paintings, figures and flower pieces, m
size IVAXI7H inches — marked each T"C
— AND—
Large assortment of Beautiful Floral Pictures on embossed q
mounts — a great bargain at the sale price "C
The Emporium
and Golden Rule Bazaar.
WE USE P. & B PAPER IN MAKING WATERPROOF
PACKAGES FOR OUR KLONDIKE SHIPMENTS.
this morning to demand my deposit returned,
which was refused, with the answer that they
1 would return the deposit if I wished them to
! take the meter out, not unless. Now. I am not
hard up for the money I deposited, but I know
that a jfreat many people are: therefore I hope
to see your valuable paper bring them to terms
in being compelled to return all deposits on
meters Tours respectfully. W. SCHMALZ.
This is only one of many Indications
that the people have been aroused to a
sense of the scheme of which they have
been victims, some of them for many
yt ars.
The Gas and Electric Company after
having virtually retreated from an un
tenable position has decided to make a
fight. It has asked for time in which to
file an answer and been granted ten days.
Within this time it will be known why
a great corporation has the privilege of
keeping from the community a sum of
money variously estimated at from $150,
000 to $200,000, or the privilege will be
swept away as a pretense. Meanwhile
anybody who has loaned either of the
companies $5 or any larger sum on which
no interest is paid will be justifiable in
demanding an immediate return of the
amount. The company holds it without
the least warrant of law.
THE CLERKS' EXCHANGE.
Those Interested Say That They Are
Doing a Straightforward Busi
ness.
When the examination of the charges
of questionable dealings on the part of
W. A. Shepard of the Clerks' Exchange,
held before Labor Commissioner Fitz
gerald, concluded on Tuesday evening it
was understood that it would be resumed
yesterday, and then the defendant
would have a chance to present his side
of the matter. Shepard was disappointed,
for when he and his witnesses were ready
to assemble they were informed that the
case had been postponed. The Labor
Commissioner states that he has obtained
about all the testimony that he desires.
Shepard and those interested in the
Clerks' Exchange state that they have
not had a fair chance to present their
side of the case. Isaac Seeley. who is the
head clerk at the oflice at 313 Bush street,
makes the following statement of the
business of the exchange:
"The charges made against the Clprks'
Exchange by Mr. and Mrs. Welnzsplen,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•aaaaa»aa«»«o«««a»js«aaaaaaaaaaaaaa»aa»
I SPEAKING^^OF CURES! 1
a Rupture Cured in Two .l^^i^^P He Feels Like a Boy of a
I' Months. Fifteen. §
a — - :*^ii ■' • — a
& Occidental, Calif.. WM. H. SAWYER of Berdell a
£ Feb. 28th, 1898 Station, Sonoma County, writes ££
3 DR. PIERCE & SON-Gentle- »I cannot "fr^nlrom saying that I con- »
men: I wish to Inform you that the Truss s t der your 'Galvanic Chain Belt' to be one #
*"* which I purchased at your office the 6th of the greatest Inventions on earth, for It w
a of last December CURED me of Rupture has fiven me such LIFE AND VIGOR «
•j-i i- -rtt-n MnvTua t«™ « . i " uiJlurc that I feel as young and spry as a boy of «
0. In TWO MONTHS. lam over sixty years teen years of ape. Without your Belt I ~
« of age. . . felt weak and without energy; but with «
v^ There is no mistake about the fact that your Belt and Suspensory . on sam one of «
« your celebrated Magnetic Elastic Truss the most active, vigorous and happy men ~
# will positively CURE RUPTURE, and I ! you will be able to meet anywhere. Tour «
CD heartily recommend It to all ruptured per- Belt Is certainly a wonderful invention, w
a sons. Tours sincerely, C. S. COLLINS and If others only knew as much about It «
0 If ruptured, call or send 2c In stamps for I" I do. no man or woman In the State of Qt
Z, our New Book on Rupture. Trusses fitted California would be without it for a single ;;
*^ ■at office . without extra charge. Address day." .. , 'i_"^», . -,» : M
a MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.. H^SrS^rSl^r^SS-SSS'fSr'SS »
a COA MARKET STREET. > Opposite . new Illustrated - "Pamphlet No. 2. Ad-. «
v^ \3^m\J Palace Hotel. San Francisco, dreas PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.. «20 Market «
W Or 85 and 36 Sullivan Block, 712 First aye., st., San Francisco, or 35 and 36 Sullivan **
0 SEATTLE. „ ; • Building, 712 First aye., Seattle. $
Brooks, Labbe, Mills and others can be
disproved in almost every particular.
\\ nile the Labor Commissioner succeeded
in securing six witnesses against us we
can bring one hundred witnesses who will
testify that they are perfectly satisfied
with the treatment received at our hands
—that is, by the Clerks' Exchange. When
a member registers with us he is inform
ed of our methods of securing positions
and the regulations are shown to him
and he signs the contract and pays us a
certain fee to advertise his wants through
our system. The fact that we have many
letters on our files from those who have
got places in San Francisco is evidence
of what work we are doing for those who
register in our exchange. In addition to
the indorsements of our members we also
have indorsements of leading business
men of San Francisco, all of which we
hope to place before Commissioner Fitz
gerald. An honest effort is made in every
case to secure positions for applicants,
but in no case do we make misrepresent
ations nor hold out any particular posi
tion as an inducement for persons to reg
ister. There is another benefit which at
taches to our bureau. When a member
registers in San Francisco he can avail
himself of the services of our offices in
Oakland, San Jose. Los Angeles ami
Portland without additional fees. All we
want is a fair chance to prove to the
Labor Commissioner that the Clerks' Ex
chnnge is being conducted In a straight
forward manner and on business princi
ples."
TREASURY DECISIONS.
Plenty of Nickels and Cent Pieces to
Be Had at the United States
Sub-Treasury.
Owners of personal property who are
about to take the same with them from
the I'nited States should file with the
Collector of Customs a sworn descriptive
list of the articles they propose to take
abroad with them, one copy to be re
tained by the owners so that a compari
son can be made on their return with tha
property. .
Five-cent nickel and one-cent bronze
pieces in sums of $20, or multiples thereof,
may be had on application at the United
States sub-treasury in this city.
Parts of sewing machines sent abroad
for the purpose of having improvements
placed thereon are dutiable upon reim
portation, although the selling price in.
the United States may not be increased.
56
THURSDAY MARCH 17, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. F.
Telephone Main 18G8.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In thjis city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montb
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE , 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rigfes House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o > clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open urjtll 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin—" Mysterious Mr. Bugle."
Columbia— Primrose and West's Minstrels.
California— "Town Topics."
Alcazar- "The District Attorney."
Morosco's— "The English Rosa"
Tivoll— "The Geiaha."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Tempto— lllustrated Concert.
Metropolitan Temple— Lecture on Phrenology. Friday night.
Auditorium. Mason and Ellis streets— Kecitals of Scottish
Song and Story' Monday evening, March 21.
Olympla, corner Mason and Kddy streets— Specialties.
Tim Chutes — Chlquita and Vaudeville.
California Jockey Club, Oakland— Races to-day.
THE BAR OND THE BAR.
/""""* ONCERNING the duties of lawyers any advice
I from outside the profession, as any lawyer will
state without exacting a fee, is presumption.
The legal mind has a sincere belief that it thinks in
terms so different from the common mind as to ren
der it impossible for the two to get upon a common
intellectual plane. However, there are some propo
sitions so clear that there seems no possibility of a
divergence of judgment. It is safe to affirm that a
lawyer appearing in court in behalf of a client with
so valuable a possession as his neck at stake should
not be drunk. It not only impedes the even flow of
justice and wrongs the prisoner, but it excites un
pleasant comment. It reflects upon a profession
which all men delight to honor when they get the
chance.
In a case in progress at Napa the Judge strongly
intimated that the attorney for the prisoner was
drunk. This would necessarily be a serious matter,
but as the prisoner is on trial for his life it is far
more grave than had the issue been less. But the
attorney for a chicken thief would deserve to be ex
pelled from practice if he were to come into court
under the influence of liquor. No man can success
fully devote himself to two bars at once.
The instance cited ought not to be allowed to rest
as it is. Either a lawyer has appeared in a murder
trial while intoxicated or he has been done an in
jury under which no man of decent honor could af
ford to be silent.
FIVE NEW DRYDOCKS.
ANOTHER good result has come from the
stimulus given to Congress by the crisis
which threatens war with Spain. The House
Committee on Naval Affairs has decided by a vote
of seven to three to recommend the construction of
five drydocks, each of which shall have a capacity
sufficient for receiving the largest ships of the navy.
The need of these docks has long been known.
Efforts to bring about their construction began years
ago. Congress, however, seem-d incapable of under
standing the urgency of the matter, and for one rea
son or another refused to vote the appropriation re
quired to provide them. The same policy of neglect
and indifference concealed under the guise of seem
ing economy would probably have continued indefi
nitely had not the present emergency arisen and
aroused members of all parties to a truer conception
of what economy is and what the naval equipment of
the nation requires.
It is to be regretted that the members of the Naval
Committee were not unanimous in making the re
commendation. The opposition in the committee
presages an opposition on the floor of the House,
and the moral effect of a unanimous vote so notable
in the passage of the bill appropriating $50,000,000
will be lost. There is, however, no reason to doubt
that the appropriations will be made. A majority of
seven to three in the committee is a fairly good guar
antee of a majority in the House sufficiently large to
pass the bill promptly as soon as it is brought up.
A feature of the recommendation which is particu
larly gratifying is the decision of the committee to
recommend that one of the new docks shall be lo
cated at Marc Island. A spacious dock in that loca
tion is almost a necessity to the effective use of the
navy on this coast. Without it the naval station
here has been inadequate and inefficient even in times
of peace, and would have been more so if war had
come with a naval power strong enough to operate
aggressively along the coast between here and Puget
Sound.
Fortunately the long fight for the new docks is
about to end in victory. With the present feeling in
favor of all forms of national defense and naval
equipment Congress may be relied oh to grant lib
eral appropriations for the work and make them im
mediately available. In that case construction will
soon begin, and in a few years we shall have dry
dock accommodations proportioned to the greatness
of our needs.
Once more the rumor that the Maine was blown
up as a result of a Weyler plot has been revived.
As it carries with it the statement that the guilty are
to be executed it is impossible not to hope that it
may be verified. And yet there is reason to fear that
the opportunity for saying good-by to Weyler is
painfully remote.
Sacramento has a chance to show who is running
it. The gamblers think they are and do not propose
to be dislodged. If the youi.g Chief of Police is not
equal to convincing them of their error he should
give way to a faro dealer and the present force be re
placed by a lot of shell and pea men.
There is no great probability in the theory that
European nations will intervene between the United
States and Spain. It is no violation of confidence to
remark that the European nations have troubles of
their own.
Since a local sheet has taken down its sign an
nouncing itself as an American paper for American
people there is some curiosity to know both what it
is and what it is for
THE HEROES OF '98.
THE'refrain, "Who fears to speak of '98? Who
blushes at the name?" rings out this day with
special significance and responsive thrill at
celebrations of Ireland's national festival all over the
world.
These words recall to Irishmen a struggle for lib
erty which, although from start to finish a forlorn
hope, because the odds were tremendously on the
other side, was yet glorious, for they have reason to
admire the pluck and fighting qualities of their coun
trymen who sacrificed everything on the altar of
patriotism.
"Ninety-eight" followed close upon "Seventy-six."
The glorious results of the American Revolution
fired the hearts of Irishmen and turned an unde
fined sentiment into a purpose and a passion. The
coast of Ireland facing the Atlantic was swept by
privateers bearing the flag of the united colonies of
America. Around many an Irish fireside the thrill
ing deeds of Paul Jones and "Saucy Jack Barry"
were recounted to enthusiastic listeners.
Ireland was ready for battle. The seeds of revolu
tion had already been sown. Dean Swift and Moly
neux had done the work of reason and logic and
fervid appeal which Thomas Paine did in the early
days of the American Revolution. Patrick Henry
was the prototype of Henry Grattan. The words of
the former, "Give me liberty or give me death," be
fore the Virginia Assembly in 1775 were re-echoed
by the latter in the Irish Parliament of 1782 when he
declared, "I am ready to lay the shattered remains
of my constitution on the floor of this House in de
fense of the liberties of my country."
As the clash of resounding arms at Lexington gave
force and practical effect to the words of Patrick
Henry, so did the tramp, tramp of the Irish Volun
teers in St. Stephen's Green fructify the eloquence of
Grattan.
In wealth, population, resources, military and
naval strength Ireland was no match for Great
Britain. Her fight was like that of Patrick Henry,
that "the god of armies would raise up friends to
fight her battles for her." Ireland's most insuperable
obstacle at successful revolution is her proximity to
Great Britain. As John Bright well said, "if Ire
land could shift her moorings 2000 miles to the
westward she would quickly throw off the yoke of
England."
Wolfe Tone recognized Ireland's inherent weakness
against such a mighty power as England. He sought
and procured the aid of France, and when the gal
lant men of Wexford made Vinegar Hill almost a
second Bunker Hill a French expedition landed in
the west of Ireland. It came too late, however.
Like the Spanish Armada in the time of Queen Bess,
old Neptune fought on the side of the flag of St.
George, and General Hoche did not win in Ireland
the laurels which Lafayette won in America. Heroes
and patriots, however, should not be measured by the
rule of success. And so Irishmen of to-day can well
pay patriotic tribute to the memories of William
Orr and Wolfe Tone and Robert Emmet and Lord
Edward Fitzgerald and other heroes and martyrs
of '08.
THE ELECT OF THE FLEECED.
THE situation of all the people who render trib
ute to corporations in San Francisco is exceed
ingly cheerful, but none have more reason to
be congratulated upon the hilarity of their corporate
relations than the consumers of gas. These persons
are not only forced to pay a good round price for
an inferior article of carbon monoxide, but they are
compelled to deposit money as a guarantee of their
ir tcgrity and discharge all bills promptly whether
they have burned any gas or not. People situated thus
certainly have no occasion to feel that Providence
iv his inscrutable wisdom has overlooked them, for
even as they sleep the gas companies may be picking
their pockets.
But as if this condition were not sufficient to pro
duce in them the intoxication of cheerfulness, the
Almighty has provided the gas companies with an
entirely distinct method of taking their money with
out due process of law. According to ex-Supervisor
Eurling, formerly secretary of the Central Gas Com
pany and an expert in the manufacture of the illu
r.iinant, all the carbon monoxide corporations need
do when shy a dividend is to pump air into their
pipes. Mr. Burling says this makes the meters ail
over town jump up like cash registers and brings in
a crop of bills which at once closes the dividend gap.
Mr. Burling does not charge the gas companies with
increasing their receipts in this way, but he positively
declares that the thing can be done without arousing
the slightest suspicion.
As we understand it air is used by the gas com
panies to produce pressure. That is to say, that un
less the <aibon monoxide is forced a little it will not
run through the meters at all, or so weakly as to
show a small profit. The corporations, therefore,
have a machine to make the gas "lively." It is this
machine to which we understand Mr. Burling refers.
Without subjecting our imaginations to any undue
strain we may place the following dialogue before
our gas-consuming readers as within the possibili
ties:
(Scene: Interior of a gas house; men in the dis
tance wheeling out smoke. President light company
writing at desk.)
President (rings bell and summons superintend
ent) — Say, Smith, we are a little short on a dividend
this month. I observe from the secretary's report
that our deposits only amount to $160,000 and our re
ceipts from bills $2,250,000. What is the matter?
Superintendent — The air has been a little weak
this month, my lord.
President — 'What do you mean by that? Light?
Superintendent — No, sir. It is heavy enough, but
I was afraid to put on too much. Many families are
out of town, you know, and it ain't a good idea to
make the meters jump too much during their ab
sence.
President — Oh, never mind that. You're too
squeamish. We mustn't pass a dividend. Put on the
air and raise all bills north of Market 10 per cent.
We'll let the people south of Market off this month.
And we can imagine the President comforting
himself with the reflection that he is a genuine phil
anthropist who works unseen and asks no public
recognition of his generosity. Yet if Mr. Burling is
to be credited not only is such a dialogue as this pos
sible, but extremely probable.
Hence we say that of all people who pay tribute to
corporations in San Francisco gas consumers have
most reason to be cheerful. True, they may be pay
ing for air most of the time, but they can never say
that they are not the elect of the fleeced. Not only
should they be cheerful; they should be proud.
Secretary Long seems to have an idea that for an
executive officer to be drunk on duty aboard ship is a
breach of propriety, and perhaps he is right. Naval
commanders in an emergency ought always to make
a point of being sober, and emergencies are likely
to arise at any time.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 17, 1898.
HARBOR COMMISSIONER COLNON,
through an interview published in his paper,
the Stockton Mail, and probably written by
himself, has undertaken the defense of the commis
sion for authorizing the change in the construction
of the flooring of the new ferry depot whereby a
flooring sustained by expanded metal was substituted
for the flooring sustained by terra cotta arches which
the contract called for. The defense is a simple one.
Mr. Colnon says the flooring adopted is sufficiently
strong for the purpose.
Simpleness is often used as an equivalent for silli
ness. Mr. Colnon's simplicity of defense is of that
character. The charge made by The Call is that the
flooring accepted by the commission cost the con
tractor many thousands of dollars less than the
amount he was allowed for the flooring the contract
called for. He contracted for a high priced flooring,
was permitted to substitute a cheaper one, and was
then paid the price of the first. By this means the
contractor gained a large sum of money, estimated
by experts at about $40,000.
To reply to this charge by asserting that the floor
ing accepted by the commission is good enough for
the purpose is not to make a defense of the com
mission, but to evade the issue. It matters not so far as
this question is concerned whether the flooring ac
cepted is good, bad or indifferent. That is a separate
and distinct issue altogether. The point now under
consideration is not one of construction, but one of
finance. It is not whether the floor is good, but
whether the commission did not let a contract for a
high priced flooring and then accept a iess expensive
flooring, which it paid for at the rate agreed upon for
the first.
Other charges as serious as that in regard to the
manipulation of the flooring contract have been
made by The Call, but these Mr. Colnon ignores.
That fact is significant. If there had been any form
of defense possible or any conceivable means of eva- !
sion the defense would have been set up or the eva
sion would have been attempted. As Mr. Colnon,
who was so glib on the subject of the solidity of the
flooring, was silent on all the other evidences of
crookedness pointed out by The Call the conclusion
is inevitable that as regards them he can say nothing
whatever. Silence under such circumstances is con
fession.
Sooner or later the Commissioners and all others j
who are in any way responsible for the work on the I
ferry depot will have to meet the charges made by '.
The Call and explain the intent and purpose of all
the changes in the contracts whereby cheap material
has been accepted for high priced material without
any reduction being made in the price agreed upon
for the work. It is no palliation of such offenses
to say that the material used is good enough for the
purpose. If Commissioner Colnon has no better de
fense than this to urge, or if he can devise no means
more cunning to evade the issue, he had better en
gage help at once. His championship has but ex
posed the weakness of his cause and revealed the fact
that the commission is without any defense that can
be made in plain and open honesty.
WAR AND THE FOOD SUPPLY.
I~^HE sudden projection into the international
situation of the immense emergency and de
fense funds of the United States, Great Britain
and Russia suggests the great increase in the cost of
war that is due to modern armament and conditions.
But there is another element in the modern situa
tion which returns the nations to the primitive con
ditions which existed before the use of gunpowder,
when armies fought with catapults, spears, bows
and short swords and carried shield and buckler.
Then the food supply of armed legions was of prime
importance. Now that supply, not only for armies,
but for the people of the nations which support them,
is one of the first considerations of statesmen who
talk of offensive and defensive preparations.
It is probable that of the great powers only Russia
and the United States can count on the ability to
produce their own bread while they fight.
In a struggle involving many nations only those
that can feed their own people without the risk of
having their food cargoes captured at sea can now
survive in a supreme tight to the finish.
The navy of Great Britain is as much to defend her
food supply in transit as to protect her coasts from
invasion and her colonies from conquest.
The United States are independent of all risk of
that kind. We live not from hand to mouth. We are
not in dread when gales or war are abroad upon the
oceans lest famine follow the loss of fleets bringing
food to our people. Our annual surplus always more
than carries us over to the next season's production,
and our borders are so wide and our climates so
varied seed time and harvest are in some part of our
vast domain so going on at each solstice and each
equinox that we are even independent of unpropi
tious weather, that cannot be so pervading as to
bring universal failure or even inconvenient shortage.
Our railway and inland lake and river transportation
system is so complete that the surplus of favorable
season and favored section so fills the vacuum left by
scarcity in any part that to our people the pinch of
famine is unknown. The rest of the globe may fail
to produce a single cental of grain, but plenty is
with us.
In war our table is spread in the presence of our
enemy, and we have but to count the cost of defense
and offense in lives and cash. As is well under
stood abroad, herein lies the vastness of our strength
in war.
If the other nations grapple our surplus must feed
them while they fight. In war and in peace this
country is the world's granary and meat barrel.
They may not like our policy, our manners, or our
progress. They have to like our food, for without it
they cannot set a squadron in the field in war nor
feed their workmen in peace.
Let no one think that having this strength we ever
propose to use it with the unreason of a giant. If
we give or take a challenge to combat it will be for
reasons justifiable to God and man that will be vin
dicated in our time and in history-
No meaner form of swindling is known than that
which by holding out to working people a false pros
pect of employment cheats them of their last dollar.
A concern accused of doing this is now on trial in
this city, and, if proved guilty, deserves to be sent to
the penitentiary. This, however, would be a hard
ship upon the burglars and horse thieves already
there.
"Spain's credit wanes" announces a line in the cur
rent news. True enough, but where is another nation
able to show such a wealth of discredit?
Inquiry from Madrid as to why this country has
been buying battle-ships was a delicately disguised
piece of impertinence.
The vigilantes who are trying to regulate the
morals of Skaguay either lack the proper spirit or
are short of rope.
COLNON'S EVASION.
TO EDGAR OF NILES.
"WAS YOU EVER A BOY?"
[Principal Edgar of Niles has forbidden
the boys of the public school to play mar
bles for "keeps," on the ground that it's
gambling.]
I say, Mister Edgar,
Just tell me what joy
There's in playing for fun?
Was you ever a boy?
To play "fats" for fun!
Why, our game you'd destroy.
I say, Mister Edgar,
Was you ever a boy?
If a chap can't play "'keeps"
The thing'll soon cloy.
Tell me, Mister Edgar,
Was you ever a boy?
Where's the good, Mister Edgar,
No kids to annoy?
Play "Boston" for fun!
Was you ever a boyT
D'ye take us for sissies,
So shy and so coy,
Who play "holey" for funV
Was you ever a boy?
Might as well be a baby,
That can't use a toy.
"Three-hole py" now, for fun!
Was you ever a boy?
There's one thing I tell you^
It's surer that poi
Is to Sandwich Islanders — ■
If you was a boy
You'd suffer for this:
Your face I'd destrq
If you was my size
And you was a boy.
ANTI-VIVISECTION.
SAUGERTIES. N. V., March 9. 1898.
Editor San Francisco Call: I notice In
your Issue of February 13 an item which
speaks of vivisection being used in the
writing of books as an Illustration. This
is surely a good thing, because so many
people are Ignorant of the subject, and it |
is Well to call their attention to it in all j
poesible ways. Perhaps you will make
room in your paper for the following:
"SVe often find those who object to all
forms of cruelty except those which have
for their aim the benefit of mankind.
Such people disapprove of vivisectional
experiments intended to demonstrate
already known facts, and yet they speak
of the "actions of Lister, Koch and Pas
teur," as needing no Justification. If this ,
be so, why is it that they carefully try
to justify them by the somewhat exploded
theory that the end justified the means?
If a man be so much better than a dog
that by force he may subject the helpless
beast to incalculable agony in the attempt
to benefit himself, in what does his vaunt- ;
ed superiority lie? Surely not in Justice,
nor in self-sacrifice, nor in tenderness, nor ;
in any of those qualities which we have
been wont to look upon as the crown and
glory of mankind.
But allowing, for the sake of argument,
that man with his firm hope of a future
existence may lawfully make the present
life (which is" generally supposed to be all
a beast will have) a long anguish to the
brute, simply to give himself less pain
allowing this, we may yet well ask. Are
the "actions of such men as Lister and
Koch and Pasteur" actions that "need no
justification?" Have the means they em
ployed gained any end but death and filth
ancl contamination?
From the Pasteur institutes of Europe
almost 400 patients discharged as "cured"
have returned to their homes— for what?
To develop rabies and die from the effects
of that disease. Many noted physicians
in Europe and In our own country claim
that hydrophobia has never existed unless
artificially induced. Others of great ex
perience believe that hydrophobia is such
a rare malady that it has never been
found in this country, and that only a few
cases are on record. If. then, rabies Is so
seldom met with, how did so many people
in such a short time develop it? Simply
from the so-called "preventive inocula
tions."
Koch diseased people till the German
Government stepped in to forbid his
slaughter.
And Lister? Noted physiologists are
coming out in defense of the microbes he
has taught doctor and patient to dread,
and these scientists claim that the tiny
living things set forward and neither
hinder nor prevent recovery.
Let us throw off all these barbar
ous methods, which in truth not only
"need justification," but which can
nowhere find it, and let us seek in the
clean, wholesome and undegrading study
of sanitation that advance which will be
truly scientific as well as really beneficial
to mankind. JOHN VEDDER, M.D.
President New York State Anti-Vivisec
tion Society, Saugerties. N. Y.
A STEADY PILOT.
The country owes our President a debt
of gratitude for the calm and dignified
way in which he has borne his official
responsibilities. He has not for a mo
ment forgotten himself or his duty of
self-control. A demagogue would have
seized such an occasion to play before
the country; but he has acted without a
sign of bluster or excitement. He has
gone about his duties with a quiet com
posure, a firm grip of the situation, a
calm balance of judgment that has
steadied the nation and commanded its
confidence. He has been tested and has
proved that clamor and excitement can
not swerve him from the line of patient. :
reasonable conduct which he mariccd out
for his administration.— New York Inde
pendent.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
A. N. Jenson. U. S. N., Is at tho Palace.
F. Monahan of Needles is a guest at the
Grand.
J. M. Ledgewood of Chicago is at the
Palace.
John C. Callin of Sacramento is staying
at the Lick.
Andrew Jaicks of Chicago Is a guest at
the Occidental.
A. Hilbron, a cattleman of Sacramento,
is at the Grand.
M. H. Foley, a contractor of St. Paul,
is at the Palace.
Solomon Jewett of Bakersfield is regis
tered at the Lick.
A. Woods of Wheeling, W. Va., Is a
guest at the Palace.
J. P. Gabbitt, V. S. A., Is at the Occi
dental with his wife.
W. Castle Steuart and wife of Xew
York are at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. I. N. Peyton are registered
at the Palace from Spokane.
G. A. Penniman. a fruit grower of San
Jose, is registered at the Grand.
Captain Worral registered at the Occi
dental yesterday from Port Costa.
John H. Sheehan of Utica, N. V., is at
the Palace, accompanied by his wife.
The hotel clerk Is
a much abused
and thoroughly
misunder stood
adjunct of a large
hostelry. His
shortcom ings.
! THINGS HE c
i SHOULD c
HAVE KNOWN c
> C
00000-00000 manner of dress,
freshness and independence nave been
made the subjects for laughter for the
English speaking world through the me
dium of the comic papers, yet the trials
he is put to and the strain that his pa
tience daily endures from the thousand
and one foolish questions that are put to
him and which he is compelled to an
swer in a polite and agreeable manner
are seldom, if ever, mentioned. The other
day a gentleman was leaning against th<=>
desk of a well known house, when a lady
approached the desk and said: "Can you
tell me where the White House is?"
"Yes, madam," answered the clerk; "it
is at the corner of Kearny and Post
streets." "How do you get there?"
"Just go across the street to the junction
of Post and Market, directly opposite the
hotel entrance, and walk up Post One
block." "I am sure I shall never find it
in the world." "I. will send a boy with
you to show you the way." "But suppose
the boy don't know?" "We'll get an
other boy." "How many boys has the
hotel?" "I'm sure I don't know, madam."
"Well, ain't you. supposed to know?"
"We are not all perfect." "Well, bring
the boy." The boy came and the woman
started to follow him, when she turned
and came back to say: "By the by, we
were discussing your city at breakfast
this morning, and can you tell me how
many hills there are here?" "I am un
able to tell you." replied the unfortunate
clerk, and the woman joined her com
panion, remarking that an owl was
bright compared to that particular clerk,
and that she intended to complain to the
management. Just as the gentleman who
had heard the conversation turned to go
away he heard a little girl ask the still
unruffled clerk to please tell her where
the tide went to when it went out.
T. B. Dillon, a mining man of Amador,
is on© of yesterday's arrivals at the
Grand.
W. B. Williams, a large wholesale
merchant of New York, is at the Cali
fornia.
M. J. Canning of Portland arrived in the
city yesterday and went to the Occi
dental.
George Baker of Providence, R. 1., is
at the Palace. Mrs. Baker accompanies
her husband.
W. B. Middleton and E. C. Maurice are
two English travelers who arrived at the
Palace last night.
J. T. Brooks, vice-president of the lines
west of Pittsburg on the Pennsylvania
Railroad, is at the Palace with his wife
and family. His visit to the coast Is
purely one of pleasure.
R. R. Cable, president of the Chicago,
Rock Island and Pacific Railroad, ar
rived yesterday in his private car from
the southern part of the State, where he
has been for some time past endeavoring
to restore the health of his wife that has
been shattered by a serious illness. He
registered at the Palace, but left last
night for his home in Chicago. Mrs.
Cable has been very much benefited by
her trip.
GRATIFYING EXHIBITS OP EXPORTS
Our exports for the seven months end-
Ing with January were $706,069.711, an in
crease of nearly $65,000,000 over the same
period of the previous year. As was to be
expected under the circumstances of good
crops here and poor ones elsewhere, most
of the increase was in agricultural prod
ucts, in which there was a gain of nearly
$59,000,000; but it is gratifying to know
that there was also an increase of $6,000,
000 in American manufactures. That we
can feed the world Is an old story. That
our manufactures are beginning to go
abroad in large quantities — $15f<.041,049 in
the period mentioned— is more of a pleas-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Joseph Ladue, the famous trapper and miner,
and the present owner of Dawson City, and for
many years the agent of the Alaska Commercial
Company, gives a hint to persons going to Alaska,
and pays great compliment to a well-known
article. He writes : —
"I have always used the Royal Baking
Powder in Alaska and Northwest Territory,
as no other gave equal satisfaction in that
harsh climate. I also found my customers
always insisted on having that brand."
Feb. 1 8th, 1898.
ing novelty. If we keep on at this rate
the- American people, seeing that their
country's jjoods are so well liked abroad,
may presently come t<> think better, of
them themselves.— Philadelphia Ledger.
HONOR TO ST. PATRICK
TO-DAY throughout the length and
breadth of this broad land, and in
every nook and corner of the world
Inhabited by Irishmen the great
Saint Patrick, the patron saint of
the Emerald Isle, is duly honored; and
closely associated with the honors accord
ed him is the shamrock, which is some
times called the trefoil. The shamn>< k
has been especially dedicated to St. Pat
rick because the old tradition says that
the saint in teaching the doctrine of the
Holy Trinity made use of the trefoil in
explaining the great mystery. Be this as
it may, the shamrock has been the na
tional emblem of Ireland for many cen
turies, and no enthusiastic Irishman
would be willing to appear on the 17th of
March without his sprig of trefoil, so em
blematic of the Emerald Isle and the
great Frenchman who converted it ta
Christianity; for St. Patrick was born
under the sunny skies of France and
passed much of his early life in that coun
try. There have been many disputes us
to the particular plant which St. Patrick
used in explaining the Three in One doc
trine of the messed Trinity. However,
the plants which are generally sold as the
national emblem in London and Dublin on
St Patrick's Day are the Dutch clover
and the black nonesuch. Many writers,
however, claim that the wood sorrel,
which was called in olden times shamrog,
and which was formerly much eaten by
the Irish, was the plant used by St. Pat
rick In explaining the mystery of the
Trinity. In art St. Patrick is often repre
sented holding the trefoil in his hand
which is called by Irishmen the cross of
St. Patrick. In the early part of the Vic
torian reign the shamrock replaced tha
fleur de lis in the royal crown of Eng
land.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A DOLLAR OF 1894— S., Napa City, CaU
Dealers in coins do not offer any pre
mium for dollars of 1894.
TWENTIETH CENTURY— W. L. F.,
Oakland, Cal. The twentieth century will
commence January 1, 190 L
BARREL OF FLOUR— A. S., City. Ac
cording to the United States standard,
a barrel of flour weighs 1% pounds.
THE CAR LINES— A- S., City. The
aggregate of miles of routes traveled by
the streetcars of San Francisco is 226 M.
COLUMBIAN HALF-DOLLAR— B. M.
C, City. Columbian half-dollars -were
made a legal tender the same as othef
half-dollars.
GENERAL WOOLSEY— J. T., City.
General Woolsey, commander-in-chief of
the British army, was born near Dublin,
Ireland, on the 4th of June, 1533.
DIME OF IS94— TV". E. C, Los Angeles,
Cal. A dime of 1594 does not command a
premium unless it is one of ihe twenty
four coined at the San Francisco Branch
Mint.
TWO OLD COINS— M. S., City. A 25
cent piece of the coinage of 1831 may be
purchased for 50 cents, and a dime of 1529
for 25 cents. Dealers do not offer a pre
mium for either.
VIRGIN CHIMES— S., City. By "Vir
gin Chimes" is meant the first chimes
rung after 12 o'clock on Christmas eve.
Also the first chimes rung on a peal of
bells newly consecrated.
COPPER' CENTS— E. M. C, City. Cop
per cents of the United States are a legal
tender in any amount not exceeding 25
cents. If a conductor on a streetcar
should refuse to accept five copper c^nts
for a fare and should eject a passenger
from the car, the company would have to
stand a suit for damages.
ENGLISH POSTOFFICE— W. H. 8.,
City. The expenditures for the London
postal department were: PostofFlee, £7.
466,400; packet service, £750,147; telegraph,
£0,140.12"; receipts from sale of stamps,
£12,600,681; £191,734 collected in cash tor
packages and letters; £422.275 for pound
age and postal orders; £3,2!>7,611 for tele
grams, of which £365,162 was returned to
the cable companies.
METHODISTS— CATHOLICS— W. H.B.g
City. The latest figures show that therJ
are in the United States 5,121,666 Method
ists and 7,501,439 Catholics. These figures
are based upon the number of communi
cants in the churches of each denomina
tion. It is impossible to give the true
number of each denomination as there is
no register of the creed of each indi
vidual in the United States.
A handsome present for your Eastern
friends.Townsend'sCal. glace fruits,soc lb*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen"s), 610 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
A ROCK OP SAFETY.
Every American citizen who has any
powers of observation knows very well
that Mr. McKinley is not going to em
bark upon a war policy until the moment
comes when a policy of peace would be
a greater national calamity than a policy
of war. Such a President ia a rock of
safety.— New York Times.
If you lack appetite try half a wine glass of
AKGOSTcrnA Bitters half hour before dinner.
Made by Dr. T. O. B. Siegert & Sons.
Fob BRONCHIAL AND asthmatic Complaints
■' Brown's Bronchial Troche*" have remarkable
curative properties. Sold only in boxes.
THE GOLDEN TIDE.
Gold will buy war ships and gold Is Just
what we happen to be importing at pres
ent. Some $2,350,000 more of the metal
was ordered from London for New York
yesterday, bringing the total for two
weeks up to $9,800,000,— New York Mall
and Express.A CINCH LAW
ON MERCHANTS
Business Men Denounce the
Bill Creating a Censor of
Weights and Measures.
\n Unjiust Municipal Office Which Fosters
the Levying of Blackmail on Reput
able Tradesmen of
the City.
L.ocal merchants are up in arms
against the law of IS9I, which author
izes boards of supervisors to appoint an
officer in each county to inspect weights
and measures and to charge merchants
for the inspections made.
The matter was never seriously
thought <?f until yesterday, because Sec
retary of State Waite and Secretary of
State Brown have both refused to act
as "State sealer," which is the title of
the officer who has charge of all the
county sealers, on the ground that they
b Sieved the law to be a sort of black
mailing proposition.
The Board of Supervisors of San Di
ego County is responsible for the re
vival of the question as to the justice
and legality of the law, for that body
::;»s just demanded that the Governor
r.ppoint J. F. Neely inspector of that
county. This demand Will doubtless be
followed by similar action fn all the,
other counties of the State.
Incidentally, it may be said in pass
ing, that the fees for this unique offi
cial in a city like San Francisco would
make the salary of the President of the
United States look like the earnings of
a common laborer. Fortunately for the
merchants of this city, there is not such
an official in the city and county.
The bill which created the thrifty of
fice of State sealer, "a sort of g-uardian
for fools," as one of the heavy mer
chants of the city said yesterday, was a
pet measure of the late Senator Jere
miah Mahoney. It has always been
regarded as a strong type of the cinch
bill, and has never met with the ap
proval of the Governor or other State
officials interested in public welfare.
When called upon by the Board of
Sup. rvisors of San Diego to appoint
their nominee to the fat office a few
days ago Governor Budd consulted At
torney-General Fitzgerald as to the
l>"\srality of the measure. He received
a reply that left no discretion as to his
duties. The Attorney-General said:
'"Assuming for the purpose of this
. pinion only that the act in question
institutional, I am of the opinion
that when an application is made by
the Board of Supervisors of any county
for the appointment of such an officer
it is obligatory upon you as Governor
to make such appointment."
. much as he disliked the task, and
bad as he believed the harassing meas
• • ■ srnor Budd was compelled to
make the appointment.
The odious law is full of specifica
tions that go to "feather the nest" of
this peculiar officer, who is a sort of
censor of public morals. At the outset
it provides for "but one standard of
hts and measures of capacity
throughout the State," as if there were
more than one standard now prevail
ing.
The next provision honors the Sec
y of State by making him ex-of-
State sealer of weights and meas
a job as ridiculous in the eyes
I who have been Secretary of
State since its passage as if they* had
made lord high executioners of
the type so funny in "The Mikado."
Proceeding along the path of equal
and exact justice, the law next pro
vides for the safety of the people and
the welfare of the State's sacred keep
er of the seals by arranging that "he
procure, at the expense of the
county, a complete standard of bal
ances, weights and measures, which
shall consist of a standard balance, a
yard, a pound weight, a liquid gallon
and a half bushel ajid the usual sub
divisions of such weights and meas
ures."
These provisions were doubtless
based on a fear that the gallon and the
pound, the yard and the bushel, dif
fered in various counties. It was feared
that there might be a disastrous con
flict between the gallons of Milpitas
and the standard of gauging pumpkins
in Petaluma.
The vigilance of the lawgivers is seen
to good advantage in the watchful care
of the next section, which shields the
people against wolves in sheeps' cloth
ing by arranging that the State sealer
shall not starve. It provides that no
person shall use weights and measures
of any character until their accuracy
has been certified to by the sealer at
BO much per certificate. This sum
amounts to an aggregate that beats a
claim in the Klondike.
It is made a misdemeanor for any per
son to sell goods, wares or merchandise
unless the same shall have been meas
ured or weighed by scales or rules
bearing the official certificate. County
f-ealers shall have the right, according
to the new law, to inspect heights
measures and beams "at any hour in
the day time," and any person refusing
the high official's demands may be
fined not less than $50.
And the Htate law has provided for
its own liberally Section Bof the law
gives the fees as follows: "For sealing
and marking every beam, $1; for deal
ing and marking measures of exten
sion, at the rate of 50 cents for each
yard, not to exceed a cost of $2; seal
ing scales from 2 pounds up to 200, 75
cents each; from 200 up to 500 pounds,
inclusive, $1 50 each; 2000 to 6000
pounds, $5 each; for sealing and mark
ing liquid measures, if the capacity be
one gallon or more, GO cents; if less, 25
cents.
Merchants in all lines of trade re
gard the law as a dead letter and look
upon the officer created by the bill as
a pestiferous nuisance. They do not
hesitate to say that the spirit back of
; i\v is as infamous as the motives
that led Dick Turpin and his com
panions into the field in olden times.
A fair idea of the prevailing opinion
may be ascertained from a perusal of
the following vigorous opinions of well
known local merchants:
G. D. GRANT, of MURPHY, GRANT &
CO.— lt seems to me that this law is
eirriply ridiculous. I never heard of it,
and I have no sympathy with it. If a man
l;as not sense enough to know whether a
regular and reputable deafer is swindling
him as to what is the weight of an al
leged pound or the length of an alleged
yard he ought to have a guardian ap
pointed or be sent to a lunatic asylum
for care and treatment. It is an oaious
law, and 1 do not believe it will ever
stand.
THOMAS M. CL.DFF of CL.UFF BROS.
I must say that this is about as big a
of robbery as 1 ever heard of, and
v the matter Is pushed I would be willing
to go in and fight it to the bitter end. So
an Inspector of weights and meas
ures is concerned, 1 think we ought to
have one; but he should be a regularly
salaried official. The very thought of his
reaping any such golden harvest as this
law would "permit Is simply preposterous.
To show you how much ho would make
in my case, let a computation be made
roughly. 1 have fmir stores. In each is
a pair of Bcales capable of weighing 4500
pounds. For sealing these the inspector
would get $5 apiece, or $20. Then there
mr in each store weighing under 200
pounds. This would net him $12. There
are two gallon measures in each store.
He would get $4 out of that, and about
S6 of smaller measures. Altogether he
would mulct me of the sum of $42. That
would be rank robbery. He should be
salaried or not exist at all.
JOSEPH IRVINE OF IRVINE BROS.—
This is about as rank a scheme as ever
originated with a Legislature or any
other kind of body. The idea of a man
being permitted to make so much money
as this Inspector would is appalling to
those that would have to .stand the drnin.
The fellow would never have to go to the
Klondike at all. He would have a gold
mine laid at his feet. Just see what it
would cost our iirm to use its scales and
measures. We have six scales coming
within the 52 50 limit, amounting to $15.
Then there would be about thirty scales
;it 7"> cents each; there is $22 50. Four
gallon measures would bring down $2, and
t.ii smaller ones $2 50; there goes $42 in a
lump. Such a thing would result in job
bery and corruption by Boards of Super
visors at a rate unheard of before, for
even the Presfdent's salary would be a
molecule compared with what this man
would make.
ANDREW M. DAVIS of the Era
perium — The operation of the fee system
would work a hardship upon the mer
chants, with absolutely no advantage to
the consumer. I hope that the Board of
Supervisors will refrain from recommend
ing any such appointment, and by this
means render the law inoperative.
From what I have learned of the effect
of the operation of the fee system con
nected with the Sealer of Weights and
Measures it would seem calculated to
work a hardship upon the merchant,
with absolutely no advantage to the
customer. Possibly some benefit might
accrue from the appointment of a salar
ied official for the performance of the
same duty if a trustworthy and conscien
tious person can be found to fill the of
fice. It is to be hoped, however, that the
Board of Supervisors will refrain from
recommending an appointment, and in
that way make the law inoperative.
RAPHAEL, WEIL, OF THE WHITE
HOUSE — I am emphatically opposed to
the law giving the Govern. >r the right to
appoint a sealer of weights and meas
ures for San Francisco, for no evil ex
ists an<l there is nothing to correct or to
be gained by such an appointment. If
the Board of Supervisors anticipate rec
ommending any one for appointment to
the office, every effort should be made
to dissuade; them from giving the matter
any further consideration, to do so would
be an unnecessary, yes, an infamous im
posltion on the business community. I
been in business in this city for the
past forty years, and during that period
have never heard of a Single complaint
against any bouse in this city. To at
tempt to give short measure would mean
the gaining of an unenviable business
reputation which would soon lead to a
loss of customers, most of whom meas
ure their own goods at home, and would
quickly detect any such nefarious at
tempt'at swindling. In short the people
are able to, and do, protect themselves.
I am earnestly opposed to the fee sys
tem. There is positively no merit In it
that any business man can conscientious
ly indorse. It has been discontinued in
all the larger cities of the East and is
obsolete. So much so that it may well be
categoried with the dead languages.
If there is any necessity tor a sealer
of weights and measures it can be more
economically done by the payment of a
reasonable salary than by the fee sys
tem. I niti opposed to both as the office is
unnecessary. It would only serve the pur
pose of giving some politician an oppor
tunity to cinch the people any way you
may look at it.
UNITED STATES DEPUTY MAR
SHAL BALDWIN— It is beyond my
comprehension how an Intelligent body
of men should solicit the appointment of
such an officer, and I can hardly place
credence in a law that will grant to a
single person the right and power to
carry on an inspection as he may see fit
and charge according to his own discre
tion. It is an imposition on the rights of
individuals and a disgrace upon govern
ment. I don't see how it is possible, and
it almost seems incredible that a State
could ever adopt such a prerogative. If
such an appointment were made in this
city imagine the enormous sums of money
that would be collected in fees and per
quisites from nearly every branch of com
mercial industry. The income of an in
spector or sealer would easily exceed that
of the highest paid officials in the coun
try.
As a result of the adoption of this law
the retail merchants, in my opinion,
would be compelled to discontinue busi
:\>-:-s and would be forced into bank
ruptcy by these vultures who demand
the lucrative extortion under the cloak of
the law, and the prominent business men
would likewise suffer under the exorbit
ant tax. I am in favor of the appoint
ment of a duly authorized inspector,
whose business it would be to protect the
interests of the public, but he would have
to be appointed under a differently con
structed law before he could gain my con
sent or approbation for such an appoint
ment. 1 also believe that such an offi
ce r should be appointed, but if he is to
serve in the interests of the people he
should be placed in office by the people
and not by a body of men who are
themselves servants of the municipality.
That any Board of Supervisors should
I. resume "the right to thrust such an offi
cer on the public Is outrageous.
JOHN ROSENFELD OF THE VAN
COUVEK COAL MINING AND LAND
COMPANY— If t-uch an appointment
is made under an arbitrary law
of this character I think beyond ques
tion that it is both wrong and unjust. I
believe in a public inspector, but not this
kind. I am willing to have my scales In
spected at any time and whenever the
Government sees fit to make, such in
spection, but I do not want to defray the
expense for the institution of such an in
quiry. If the inspector is appointed in
the 'interests of the public, as he un
doubtedly is, he should be paid and his
services rewarded by the public and not
by Individuals who, though willing to
have their weights and scales Inspected
as to their exact accuracy, do not, how
ever, solicit it and should therefore be
exempt from paying for it. That such a
law should be passed in my impression is |
a gross encroachment upon the independ
ent rights of individuals and an outrage
that should not be tolerated by an intel
ligent public. If a man cannot carry on a
business without beinif taxed for even
the weights and measures which his busi
ness demands I think the best thing that
could be possibly done by the State In its
ambition to extort revenue from its citi
zens is to pass an edict that will compel
them to place their bank and account j
books and other individual property at
the disposal and for the scrutiny of in
spectors whom it may see fit to appoint.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 17, 1898.
TELEPHONES
THAT WILL
NOT TALK
Complaints Against
the Poor Service
Rendered.
The Tivoli's Management
Refuses to Submit to It
Any Longer.
A Complaint From President
Sabin That Reacts on His
Company.
DAMAGE SUIT IN PROSPECT
Theatrical Managers Recount Their
Troubles With the Pert Manipu
lators of the Switches.
In the advertisement of the Tivoll
Opera-house that appears this week is
the following brief declaration of war
against the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Company:
On account of unsatisfac
tory telephone service no or- .
ders for seats will be received
hereafter by telephone.
This announcement is the culmination
of a long list of complaints by patrons of
the house, concluding with a vigorous
protest by John I. Sabin, the president of
the telephone company, to Manager
Leahy, and his receiving a practical il
lustration of the unreliability of his ser
vice. Incidentally it may be mentioned
Mr. Sabin's protest will probably result
in a suit for damages against his com
pany.
Mr. Leahy explained the trouble to a
Call reporter last evening as follows:
Fur years we have kept a telephone in the
box ofiice for the convenience of our patrons,
but the telephone is gone now, and hereatter
anybody wishing to secure seats in advance
will have to cu.il for them In person or send
somebody. At first the innovation worked sat
isfactorily and was a great convenience ,iu peo
ple, but uf late it has only been a source of
annoyance and the cause df frequent complaint;;
against the employes of the house.
Frequently people have come to the box of
fice and demanded why they were unable to
call up by telephone, saying they had tried
repeatedly and each time had been told that
the line was busy. Then again orders have
been received for seats in a certain portion
of the house, as the man in the box office un
derstood the order, but when the parties ar
rived they declared they had called tor entirely
different seats and would refuse to be con
vinced that the misunderstanding was due to
the telephone working poorly. Everybody who
has to use a telephone frequently knows how
oMen he is switcned on to another line from
the one he wants and his mesepge goes astray,
while he appreciates the difficulty in getting
"Central," and having succeeded in getting tlie
haughty young woman there to respond to his
calls the average man knows he is utterly un
able to induce her to Rive him the number he
wants until it suits her own sweet fancy to
do so.
Our trouble with the telephone service reach
ed a climax one night last week, when Mr.
Sabin, the president of the company, called
me out of my office and proceeded to denounce
the employes for what he termed, among other
thinß^, their discourtesy and incivility. It ap
pears that <lurlng the day Mr. Sabin called up
the box-office by telephone and asked to have
some seats reserved for him. The treasurer
replied that it would be done and Sabin asked
what row the seats were In. The reply was
that there was nothing left better man the
eighteenth row, which Sabin said would an
swer. When he came in B mi found where his
seats were he raised a great fuss, declaring j
the man in the box-office had told him they
were in the eighth row, and when told that he j
must have misunderstood he claimed he had I
been treated discourteously.
I explained to Mr. Sabin that his was only
one case in many where patrons had found the j
telephone service unsatisfactory and that I
had concluded to put a stop to further com- i
plaints by havine the instrument removed.
The telephone we had in here was one of {
those profanity-promoting devices known as
the nickel-in-the-slot telephone, from which j
the renter receives a certain percentage of the
receipts after they have reached a certain
amount. Our contract called for the telephone
up to the first of the month, but early the
following morning agents of the company re
moved the telephone, taking with them all the
cash in the box, a portion of which belonged
to us. For this palpable violation of Its con
tract we shall bring suit for damages agßlnst
the company, and I have already placed the
matter in competent lawyers' hands. The
service was wretched, but my contract called
for the ÜBe of the telephone to April 1, and I
Interd to make Mr. Sabin pay for his act.
When he made his complaint of discourteous |
treatment by my employes, I told him he i
would <lo well to Instruct his nwn employes be- |
fore flndine fault with ethers. A more un
civil set than the telephone operators it would
be hard to find anywhere, in my judgment.
Manager Fnealander of the Columbia.
Baldwin and California theaters said he
had received many complaints from pa
trons of his houses about the poor tele
phone service, but he had not thought
about discontinuing the practice of re
ceiving: orders for seats in that manner.
He had found it did not always work to
the satisfaction of those who tried it; but
as long as the public found it a conveni
ence and was will.ng to take chances on
the poor service he was willing to accom
modate it. -!;-_-.
Manager Morrißsey of theOrpheum was
outspoken in his denunciation of the t> 1 —
phone service. "We keep one man in the
box office most of the time." said he,
"whose duty it is to answer the tele
phone, and a ward job he has of it. The
trouble is, the service is operated on t<io
iheap a scale. Ihe girls are underpaid
and overworked, and, consequently, are
careless in answering calls and making
switches. The greatest fault, however. Is
the lack of facilities. Too many tele- 1
phones are maintained on each circuit,
and this causes great confusion and de
lay, besides preventing anything like
privacy. Almost every time one uses a
telephone he overhears conversations
between others, while he waits in vain
for the party he wants to answer his call. |
"The greatest complaint we have to
make Is the maddening persistency with
which 'central' rings our bell when she
wants us. Frequently the bell rings a
full minute after one of us removes the
receiver from the hook, and all efforts to
induce the operator to stop the din are
unavailing.
"I receive numerous letters from pa
trons complaining that they are unable to
.secure Peats by telephone, but it Is not
our fault if the telephone company will
not connect us»."
The theatrical managers are not the
only people to complain of the miserable
telephone service. It has been growing
worse steadily, until it has reached a
stage where many subscribers are follow
ing the course of the Tivoli and are dis
pensing with the service altogether.
In the Divorce Courts.
Eva H. Oyster was granted a divorce
from her husband, George M. Oyster, yes
terday on the ground of failure to pro
vide. Ella R. Clark was granted a di
vorce from W. J. Clark on the ground of
failure to provide. Emma Pauline Bryant
was granted a divorce from George Bry
ant yesterday on the ground of willful
desertion. The plaintiff was allowed to
resume her maiden name. Wilbur.
Rheumatism, kidney & liver diseases cured. Dr.
Gordin'BSanltarium,sl4Plne,nr.Kearnj-,S.F.,CaI.
For a Writ of Mandate.
Kntherine M. Ball applied yesterday to
the Superior Court to compel the Board of
Education to restore her to her position
as teacher of special drawing, from which
position she was removed in May, 1897.
A temporary writ was granted by the
presiding judge and made returnable in
Department No. 7 on March 28.
TO DRILL ON
THEIR OWN LOT
Tower Being Erected for
the Use of the Fire
Laddies.
Chief Sullivan Desirous of Es
tablishing a Pompier
Corps.
They Have Done Splendid Service in
Eastern Cities in Saving
Lives at Fires.
The necessity for having a conven
ient place for fire drill purposes has
long been apparent to Chief Sullivan,
as the present mode has had many
drawbacks. It has been the custom to
select some building every Sunday
morning, as the extramen could not at
tend any other day, but the constant
complaints from residents in the neigh
borhood was a source of annoyance to
the Chief and the men.
To put a Btop to all these annoy
ances it was decided recently to erect*a
tower on a lot in the rear of engine
house No. 32, on Seventeenth street,
near Folsom, and it will be finished
How the Tower Will Lock When
Finished.
about the end of this month. It will
be 75 feet high with a slope at the bot
tom to give It strength. It will have
a metallic stand and lire escape, such
as are used on many of the building*
In the city, and the men will be drilled
In that kind of work, connecting the
ladders with the stand pipe so as to
get the hose to a certain position or to
tho roof if necessary.
It is the ambition of the Chief to start
a pompier corns in connection with the
department, but unfortunately this is
impracticable until the department, or
at least a portion, is placed under the
fully paid system wltn the men con
tinually on duty. With this object
partly in view of the Chief in his last
annual report recommended the follow
ing: "I respectfully recommend that
all the companies of this department
now responding to alarms of fire in
the mercantile district of the city be
placed under a fully paid system, with
I the entire force continually on duty, in
accordance with and as authorized by
the provisions of an act of the Legisla
ture, approved March 4, ISO 7, entitled
'An act to provide for increasing the ef
ficiency of fire departments within mu
nicipalities of the first class in the State
of California.' "
A pompier corps was first introduced
in St. Louis about twenty years ago
and since then corps have been estab
lished in New York, Boston and all
large Eastern cities, and they have
done splendid service in saving lives
and property, especially in New York.
An attempt was made about fifteen
years ago to establish a corps here, but
it had to be given up, as it was im
possible to get the men properly drilled
under the "call" system. The men
must be constantly on duty to make an
efficient pompier corps.
The pompier ladder is a hickory stick
partly in vie wthe Chief in his last
about fourteen feet high and on each
side are handles for placing the feet
upon. Each team has three pompiers
and each man has a belt around his
waist with a snap which he attaches
to the pompier, enabling him to use
both his hands in hoisting the pompier
to the next story window. By thai
means they can climb all over a build
ing.
Hypnotic Wonders.
No one need go to Paris now to see all that
Is marvelous in hypnotism. In the hypnotic
wards of many hospitals of this country are
hypnotic subjects that a mere glance, it is
said throws them into the trance state. But
in order to overcome that obstinate kidney
trouble, the persistent « of Hostel ter's Stom
ach Bitters Is necessary. Ise it aUo system
atically for malarial, bilious, dyspeptic, rheu
matic and nervous diseases.
All Makes RENTED And Sold
ON INSTALLMENTS.
Send for Sample of Work and Prices.
L. & M. ALEXANDER
HO MONTGOMERY ST.,
Agents Smith Premier Typewriter.
h'C A E*ess & head; NOISES cured
SBff 8 ftlPi'i.-uritlv. Our INVISIBLE TU HE Cushions
V> faEII h<>lp when nil else fails, as glasses help eyes.
Self-adjusting KoPaln. Whlsperahi-arrl. ■ Sendto COCC
V. HiWilo., g&Bß'»a>, S.V., for Book and l'roofs rntC
ADVEBTISEMENTS. _____ __„__„- — -
A Glove AQ^^fS
Bffw "0^ Saie '^V w-i
Iff Pa " At Hale's To=Day! Pain \IS
?o D t?M 200 Pair' of $2.25 Hte. Joiivin and Trefousse Suede Kid Gloves \glll
&wf 150 Pair of $2.00 Hte. Jouvin and Trefousse Suede Kid Gloves \\KoBd
oS 300 Pair of $1.50 Taunton Suede Kid Gloves. I f Sgg
?n^r ! . , (AH 8-Button Length Mousquetalre. Every Clove In Perfect Condition.) j HOOOP
OOC IT/\IVS BROWNS MODES PEARL E°O?
o'o£3 I SLATE GRAY OXBLOOD NAVY /SoOOO
Q>q^A\ GREEN OLD ROSE PINK FLESH //i? O
DD D ° C o\\\ NEW/ blue LIGHT blue TURQUOISE green //fiDQP 00
i^qO^vA Some have the new narrow deux-tons stitching, others the plain back. yyi^O c>ano
yfjOD^^, These gloves are of the finest Kid— soft, elastic, and in every lI Jo 4toi>Oo
L-i DOpr^VlCvV wa y perfect. Any glove in the lot at Hale's //JB&DOQO
a^^m QBe Pair /#o°o>§gg
C^OUtlOct\ 7VOTE-V.E CANNOT GUARANTEE TO HAVE ALL SIZES OF ALL SHADES A^^ 000o 0
DCJOO Q °OUV\ AFTER 11 a. m. //yoOOOoooo
COOdROSOqdO^jS^ _ • „, ,
i^^^ 3HSKOT JkH
®®WBt% - — sc °- elites
[supplies
|!
(' should include
!; BORDEN'S
Peerless Brand
EVAPORATED CREAM
UNSWEETENED
| The high reputation for keeping
.1 qulity is already well estab-
'l hshetl ; hence, no experiment.
]> NEW YORK CONDENSED MHLK CO.
fil»l4 Inches
wl&^fi^ FROM THE EYES
*$r&slsx IS THE NATURAL READING
W^' DISTANCE NEARER OR FURTHER
i r ; ABNORMAL AND HEirD^ IHVESTKJATIOS
CALL amd SEE US
OPTICIANS ' photo gRA supp UES .
-^> 642 MARKET St. <u^>
U^DER. CHRCMICLEBUILDIHG.
J B \^P A 'C^T/ipPH_rfi^^/*f
ELY'S CREAM BAtM is 0 positive cure.
Apply into the nostrils. It is quickly absorbed. 50
cents at Drafts or by mail ; samples 10c by meil.
ELY BROTHERS, CO Warren St.. New York City.
m c n witho ui^jß^l
6t< %j a a two w
j^^^Q.S P » T Z Y.H a
DR.JSIQNDLTT.
rpur.s-'.vEnL-Kxow'x and ri'-ltable or.Tj
L Specialist I'rlvnto. Nervous, Skin
Diseases of Meti onjj/. Munly Power restore!. Over
20 years* experience. Send for Book, re-. I'ptients
c.iredat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 3
<1alIy;6:3O toB.:fOov's;a. RundHy.s, 10 to 12. Canada*-
cioufree and sacredly confidential. Cailcr address
P. RONl'Ot: MeXiri/iTT, M. I».,
20'/ K«»rnr Street. Man Franctwo- «'al.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
ParU, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUGERA * CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS "
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
£»QO MARKET ST., OPP. I'AL.ACiJ
000 Hotel. Telephone 670. Resident;* MM
Valencia atreat. Tcltpboaa. "C^urcb" it.
ft .^patents;
AMUSEMENTS.
VFRIEDIANDLR GOTUOBaC'ttssmft'UMMM
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
PRIMROSE & WEST'S BIG
MINSTRELS.
A HOST OF LEADING STARS!
A LONG LIST OF FEATURES!
EXTRA. . .
...NEXT MONDAY...
America's Greatest Indoor Show,
RICE'S
"1492."
60-PEOPLE— 6O
Handsome Accessories. Beauty Galore.
BEATS NOW READY.
1 6tDlAri0tfi GOTTLOB &cc teams &«abmi*
Every Evening (Including Sunday),
MATINEE SATURDAY.
All This and Next Week.
MOST EXCELLENT LAUGHING.
Madeleine Lucette Ryley's Merry Comedy, the
MYSTERIOUS
MR. BUGLE!
Presented by
JOSEPH HOLLAND
And a Splendid Cast.
Sunday Night Begins the Last Week.
" SEATS NOW READY.
Coming— ANNA HELD.
fRIEQLANDEB CrOTUoBaC°Uiiu*a/i*«*M»
LAST 4 NIGHTS- MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Great Farce Comedy Success,
TOU/1N TOPICS.
With the Celebrated
WORLD, KELLER AND MACK.
Prices— lsc, 25c and 50c— No higher.
COMING— F. Marion Crawford.
Will IT Fox. c imedian-pianlst; Hurke & For-
rest, comedy Sketch artists; Athas & Collins,
Australia's favorites; Mr. and Mrs. Tom Me-
Into6h. ebony fun; Jose Quintet, greatest vocal-
ists; Josephine Subel, vivacious chanteuse. in-
troducing the great Human Music Sheet— so col-
ored vocalists; Rudinoff, fantastic delineator;
last 3 nights of the Human Music Sheet: also
of Webb & Hassan, hand acrobats; Smith &
Cook, dancing comedians.
Reserved Seats. 2Tic: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chair* and Box Seats, 50c.
SIX FREE LECTURES
Lm£pV9\ On Spirit, Soul Phrenology and Health,
N^P* JT at METROPOLITAN TEMPLE on
\ J3 Fifth st., near Market, by
MRS. O. S. FOWLER,
Widow of the late Prof. 0. B. Fowler, the Cele-
brated Phrenologist of New York.
Friday, March IS, 8 p. m.— "Manhood; Its
Virtues and Faults,'.' gentlemen only.
Saturday, March 19, 8 p. m.— "Electricity;
Its Application to Disease."
Classes taught the application of electricity
to cure disease, beginning March 22. Phre-
nological examinations dally from 9 a, m. till
9 p. m. unMl March 31. at the California Hotel,
on Bush St., near Kearny.
DURWARD LELVPATTI'S TENOR.
a. $7 >t, Recitals of Scottish Song and Story.
*&&$£ Y. M. C. A AUDITORIUM.
MONDAY EVENING. MARCH 21.
"A NICHT Wl f BURNS."
TUESDAY EVENING, MARCH 22,
ROSE, THISTLE AND SHAMROCK.
General Admission. We; Reserved Seats. 75c.
Seats on sale at Sherman, Clay & Co. cor-
ner Kearny and Sutler sts., on and after March
17, or at Box Office Evenings of Concerts.
PACING! RACING! RACING!
—CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB— -
Winter Meeting, 1597-SS, Beginning MONDAY,
■ March 7. -to March 19, ' Inclusive. ■ ■
, OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
. THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP.-
Ferry boats leave San Francisco ■at 12 m.
and 12:30, .1:00, 1:30, 2:00, 2:30 and 3, p. m.,
connecting with train stopping at the entrance
to track. Buy your - ferry tickets to Shell
Mound. . Returning— Trains leave the track at
4:15 and 4:45 p. m., and immediately after 'the
last race. THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. Prea.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary. ■ _
CHINESE THEATER AND HOVIN3 PICTURES.
814 "Waphlngton street Theater. Chinatown.
Four i nights, Thursday, ; Friday. Saturday ; and
Sunday.; 50 Chinese actors. 40 moving scenes,
including special scenes of Chinese New Year's
procession at Marysville and San -; Francisco,
showing great Chinese dragon. First and only
time ,■ this wonderful ■ scene will De on ; ; exhi-
bition. " • :
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE,
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager
Sims & Buchanan' Great Irish Racing Drama,
THE
ENGLISH
ROSE!
PICTURESQUE IRISH SCENERY. •! ' .
JAUNTING CAR.
CELTIC WIT AND COMEDY.
RUINS OF BALLY-VEENEY.
Evening prices— loc, 25c, 50c. Matinees Satur-
day and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mas. Kr.vkstlnk Krellvc. Proprietor & Manager
LAST NIGHTS
Of the Brilliant Japanese Musical Comedy,
"THE GEISHA!"
The Prettiest Production of the Year.
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING— Special Produc-
t ion of
The Most Laughable of Musical Comedies,
"THE \A/IDO\A/ O'BRIEN,"
SONG DANCE HUMOR.
POPULAR PRICES 25 AND 50 CENTS.
On account of unsatisfactory telephone serv-
ice no orders - for seats will be received here-
after.
AT PIV7An SEATS BY
ALCAZAR. MM s«2 ! '
TO-NIGHT,
FRIDAY, SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THEN
THE DISTRICT ATTORNEY
Bids San Francisco Good-by.
MONDAY NIGHT— A Hot Farce,
"THE GIRL UP TO DATE."
Y. M. C. A.JUDITORIUM.
SATURDAY AFTERNOON. AT 2:30.
LAST VIOLIN RECITAL.
MART-EAU I
Accompanied by
L/\CH/\U7VVE.
RESERVED SEATS, $150.
SPECIAL! METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
SUNDAY EVENING, MARCH 20,
Grand Popular Concert
— BY—
MARTEAU AND LACHAUME
And a Grand Orchestra of 55 Pieces. 
MARTEAU and LACHAUME Conducting.
Prices, 60c. 75c, $1 and $150. Seats on Sale
at the San Francisco Music Store, 225 Sutter st.
BALLOON ASCENSION THIS AFTERNOON.
FIREWORKS TO-NIGHT!
...Z00,,.
IN THE CHUTES.
FINEST WILD ANIMALS IN CAPTIVITY!
CHIyUITA AND A BIG PERFORMANCE.
Including Captain Cardono's Group of Trained
Lions.
Feeding of the Carnivora at 5 and 10:30 p. m.
Open Daily from 10 a. m. to 11 p. m.
10c to AH, Including Zoo, etc. Children, sc.
OI VMDIA Corner of Mtson and
' iTlrlA Eddy Streets.
America's most beautiful music hall. Great-
est free bill in the world. ADAM SISTERS,
balladists; MONTALAIS, Boubrette; LESLIE,
vocalist; MARION, danseuse; MULLIN &
WARD, novelty- boxing; ARNELDO and -ten
others. House heated. Admission free.
Metropolitan illustrated concert.
r - — CHORUS KM. -V;.
Tpmnlp Mr - Rhys Thomas, Soloist. Mr.
iGiiifiiu James Hamilton Ho*p, Conduc-
T« Uiivht tor Admission 25 cents.
I U'Hlgllli I Reserves at Byron Mauzy's.
MADE ME A MAN
>&&* AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CUBE
hi "y A.ZZ,lftrrou9 XUjteasts— Failing Mem-
Ef3£i ory,lmpot«ncy. Sleoplassnesa, etc., caused
If .TJ by Abuse or other Excesses and India- .
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CUBE
A. Z£ Jfervous IHseases— Failing Mem-
ory, Impotency. Hleeplossnoes, etc., caused
by Abuse or other Excesses and Indis-
cretions, They quir'kly ar.d turetu
■Y^3T rectors Lost Vitality in old or young, and
XSsA. fit a man for study, business or marriage.
*yth^3S& Prerant Insanity and Consumption if
token in time. Their use shows immediate Improve-
ment and effects a CUKE whore all other fail In-
sist upon having the genuine Ajax Tablets. They
hove corsd thousands and wil 1 cure you. Wogire a pos-
itive writ tan canrantee to cSfsct a euro Eft PTC in
ench closer raf and the money. Price Uw Vt 1 per
package; or six pkrres (full treatment) for $2.50. By
mail, in plain wrapper, npon receipt of pries. Circular
tree AJAX REMEDY CO., Hu^'?.?^
I For sale in San Francieso by Lelpnita * Co..
X 0 Butter. No-Percentage Pharmacy, . 053 ■ M_t.
h HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- 8
B Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores, Ulcers ■
Sin Mouth, Hair-Falllnsr? Write COOK KEM- 9
B EDYCO.. 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- B
CAGO, ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital H
m SoOU.OuU. Worst eases cured in 15 to 35 duya. 5
w 100-pa?e book free. . , . ?;
gP&Bg DR. HALL'S fiEINVIGORATOR
BjMJiEjffifl Five hundred reward for any cazs
Fj»« Hjje cannot cure. This secret remedy
V ■ i stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
HEH SQis Emissions, Impotency, Varlcocel*.
| r*Vl S'ionorrho?a, Glset, Fits, Strictures,
! JiJJ yiLJlh'iyt Manhood and all wasting at-
gSSl BJM fectsof self-abiseor excesses. Sent
flHn_ s9B) sealed J2 twttle: 3 bottles. $5; guar
i anteed to cure. Address HALLS MEDICAL. IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland, CaL Also
«or sale at 1073% • Market St.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseases aulcklv cured. Send for free book.
78
In Memory of their Saint and Martyrs
A GRAND patriotic celebration of St.
Patrick's day will be held this after
noon and evening: at Woodward's
Pavilion. It will be under the aus
pices of the Irish societies of San
Francisco. The entire proceeds will be
donated to the '98 Centennial and Monu
ment Association.
The celebration this year is of more
than ordinary significance, for It marks
the centennial of the spirited rebellion of
Tnited Ireland in JTfIS and the seml-cen
tenlal of the Young Ireland movement of
1848. The memory of the patriots who
sacrificed their lives in 1798 and IMS in a
vain endoavor to free their country from
oppression Is still fresh in the minds of all
'irishmen and the lovers of liberty. St.
? Patrick, the patron s^aint of the little isle
'of green, taught the Irish people the love
of liberty. To his teachings is due the
\ patriotism that .swells the breasts of
Irishmen all over the world. They have
always been found In the ranks of those
opposed to tyranny and despotism, fight
ing for the grajid and noble principle that
all men are born free and equal.
The proceeds of the entertainments at
Woodward's Pavilion will be remitted to
the committee in Dublin having charge
of the fund for the erection of a monu
ment to Theobald Wolfe Tone and the
other patriots who gave up their lives In
17;»S in the noble struggle for the freedom,
of Ireland. The general admission to
each entertainment will be 25 cents, with
reserved seats 25 cents extra. The after
noon exercises will commence promptly
.at 2 o'clock, when the following pro
gramme will be curried out:
Overture, Irish A!rs..Urennan's Military Band
Remarks, President of the day,. Frank Conklln
Vocal selections Julius Slmonsen
Permission of Orpheum.
Irish jitep dancing
Miss Pearl. Hiekman and Joseph P. Keller
Will introduce novelties on tiie occasion.
Vocal solo, 'Three Leaves ot Shamrock"..
Mrs. B. J. Tally
(Selections Master Arnold Grazer
National airs. "America" Grennan's Hand
Fancy dancing
Messrs. John O'Connor and Jos. P. Kf-ller
Selections Ladies' Venetian Orchestra
Permission of Orpheum.
Rambles through the Emerald Iwle
Guided by Mrs. Hattle B. Pteele
During the stereoptlcon views the following
choice selections will be Riven: "KlUarney,"
"The Meeting of the Waters," "Wearing of
the Green," etc.
Queenstown Harbor, Parnell Bridge, Shandon
Eteeple. Grand Parade. Patrick's Bridge,
Queen's College, Irish Jaunting Car, Blarney
Caatle, Kissing the Blarney Stone, Lakes of
Klllarney. Ross Castle, Meeting of the Waters,
the Shannon River, Aekeaton Abbey, Limerick,
Lace Makinpr, Limerick; Killaloe, the Fish
Market, Galway; the Natural Bridge, County
Clare; the Cliffs of Moher, Irish Cottages, an
Irish Home, Driving Geese, Holy Well, Lon
donderry, the Giant's Causeway, Shane's
Castle, Carlingford Lough, Rnsstrevor Castle,
the Bogan Aqueduct, Irish Roundtower and
Celtic Cross, I>ug.>rt, Achie and Sliev*- Men,
Kylemon Ca?tle, Views in County Wlcklow,
Liffmon Castle, the Vale of Avoca, Kilkenny
nr.d Kilkenny Castle, the Vale of Shauganah,
o'C.mnell Street, Christ Church Cathedral,
Trinity College, the OH Parliament House,
the Four Courts. St. Patrick's Cathedral. St.
Patrick's Cathedral, interior; O'Cnnell Monu
ment, Graf ton Street, Custom House, Glaenevin
Cemetery, O'Connell's Tomb, Gasnevtn Ceme
tery; the LifTey, and a number of American
•'..■ Sivnt-s.
•■(;,.,! Save Ireland" By grand chorus
The evening exercises at Woodward's
Pavilion will consist of the following
numbers:
Overture, " '98" Beyer
J. J. Mathison's Orchestra.
SANGER
PULLMAN
CAUGHT
Miss Louisa Lander
West Takes Him
Into Camp.
License for the Ceremony
Quietly Procured in
Oakland.
Courtship Engaged Attention
of Tourists at the
Palace.
THE LADY IS A BEAUTY.
She Is a Native Daughter of an
Honored Pioneer of
1849.
"Walter Ranker Pullman, aged 23
years, a native of Illinois, secured a
license In Oakland last night to wed
Miss Louisa Lander West, aged 24
years, a native of California. The wed
ding was billed to take place shortly
after the license was issued and the
party came to San Francisco.
The Pullman family is partial to Cali
fornia beauty. One of the daughters
married a comely young gentleman — a
Native Son of the Golden West — and
now one of the Pullman boys leads to
the altar one of the fairest Native
Daughters of the aforesaid Golden
West, and West was her maiden name.
W. Sanger Pullman was left on short
allowance by his millionaire father,
George M. Pullman of Chicago; but the
diminished income did not cool the ar
dor of his adoration for Miss Louisa
L. West of San Francisco.
At the Palace Hotel the tourists and
the regular boarders are talking about
the wedding of the young couple.
To.ung Pullman came to California
T>markK by President of the Day
Frank Conklln.
"Star-spangled Hanner" ....Miss Minnie Powell
Assisted by Professor J. W. McKenzle and
grand chorus of voices.
Poem. "Who Fears to Speak of '98?"
Thomaß W. Hlckey
Cornet solo Professor W. Mahf>od
Oration Hon. M. M. Estee
Musical selections
Professor Graeber. assisted by Mando
lin and Guitar Club.
Vocal solo Mrs. I. W. O'Rourk*
"Klllarnev"
Professor J. W. MoKenzle and chorus
Recitation, "McMahon's Ride"
Frederick Pauldtng
By kind permission of Alcazar Theater.
Vocal solo, "Come Back to Erin"
Daisy V. Keane
Achille Artigues. obllgato.
Vocal solo Manuel Romain
Kindness Primrose & West's Minstrels.
"God Save Ireland"
Professor J. W. McKenzie and chorus.
The celebration at Woodward's Pavilion
Is one that appeals to the patriotism and
generosity of all lovers of freedom. It
will -be under the management of the fol
lowing well-known citizens:
FrHnk Conklln, president: Jeremiah Deasy,
vice-president ; E. J. Hannon, financial secre
tary: J. J. Moran, secretary; Kd I. Sheehan,
treasurer.
Reception Committee— P. J. McConnlck. J. J.
Donovan, T. R. Bannerman, Joseph Sullivan,
Patrick Broderick, William Mulvin, Hon.
Robert Ferral, J. P. Henry, H. J. Meagher, J.
P. Dlgnan. M. Fitzgerald. Jeremiah Mahoney.
T. P. Crowley. George B. Gallagher. M. Dono
hue. T. J. MeJlott. M. 11. MoCafferty, Robert
Hunter, Captain M. J. Wren, John O'Brien,
William O'ShftUghnessy, B. Lee, Edward No
lan, Eugene O'Connor.
Vice-presidents— William Broderick, Colonel
William I. Sullivan. T. F. Walsh, Dr. D. F.
Hasan. John J. Boyle. R. C. O'Connor. William
Alvord, T. F. Bonnet, Joseph McKenna, Philip
Hammond, A. C. Hampton, Bf-njamin Armes,
Thomas R. Carew. E. J. Gallagher. Edwin L.
Head. Mayor James D. Phehin. C. L. Bar
rlngton, S. 1... Waller, Charles Bantel, Robert
J. Tobln. James O'Brien, Frank T. iShea. Or.
iit>oit;<> Drucker, Thomas A. Burns and Wil
liam A. Derham.
The County I.eltrlm Social Club and Its
friends will hold an Independent celebra
tion at the Chutes. There will be literary
exercises and a balloon ascension in the
afternoon, in addition to the regular per
formance. In the evening there will be
a display of fireworks.
The Knights of St. Patrick will
have a banquet this evening at Delmoni
co's on O'Farrell street. Many prominent
State and city officials will attend. Among
shortly after the executors of his
father's estate adjusted affairs for the
young man. He frequently visited the
Palace Hotel, but his residence was at
Burlingame, where Mr. and Mrs. Frank
Carolan reside. Shortly after his ar
rival his mother joined him, accom
panied by Mrs. General John A. 1-"
gan, an old-time friend of the Pullman
family, who had previously chaperoned
the Pullman young ladies in Europe.-
Mrs. Logan and Mrs. Pullman went to
Monterey, Los Angeles, San Diego and
other interesting places in California,
and Sanger traveled with them.
Returning from the side trips he
went to the Palace with his mother.
She went East shortly after her re
turn from the South and Sanger Pull
man remained in the State. Mean
while he formed the acquaintance of
Miss West through Alex Loughborout;h
and paid marked attention to the
young lady.
Saturday last Sanger Pullman re
turned to the Palace Hotel and since
that time has been almost constantly
in the company of the adored one.
They dined together, walked together
and rode together, but always in com
pany with Mrs. Hugh McDonnell, a
sister of Miss West. Last evening
after the engagement was made public
in one of the papers Miss West, Mrs.
McDonell and another married sister,
together with Mr. Pullman, dined at
the Palace.
After dinner they went to Oakland.
Mrs. Hugh McDonnell, younger, but
not more com^y than her sister,
Louisa, was married some seven or
eight months ago to a mining man,
Hugh McDonnell. The wedding took
place in New York- and the conven
tional bridal tour to Europe followed.
The wedding journey lasted three
months, and then McDonnell and his
bride came to California, taking apart
ments on the sixth floor of the Palace
Hotel. For a time the bride's mother
dwelt in the beautiful suite and joined
her married daughter and her beauti
ful Louisa in lovely excursions. The
McDonald equipage was the finest in
the court of the Palace, and when the
stately and stunning ladies were es
corted to the carriage the spectators
gazed in admiration at so much Cali
fornia beauty of the Amazonian type.
Louisa loved the Palace Hotel, and It
was charming to dwell there with her
sister, who had married a rich mining
man, who was abundantly able to be
stow all the comforts and nearly all
the luxuries of life in this latitude.
Hugh McDonnell, the husband, went
En st. and the elegant Louisa put the
name of the Palace Hotel on her new
copper plate, hence her engraved visit
ing cards announce her days at the
Palace. Mr. McDonnell's great wealth
was acquired in mining. The Iron
Mountain mine of Shasta County pro
duced a large share of his income. At
last accounts he was in New York
looking after his mining interests, but
his family still abides at the Palace.
The West young ladies, estimable and
attractive, were not widely known in
the exclusive and select circles of San
Francisco society, hence there was
much inquiry last evening about the
bride's appearance, her age and gen
eral style of beauty. One who knows
THE SAU FKAISfCTSCO CAT,!,, THTTRSDAY, MABCH 17, 1898.
the toasts will bo "The Day "We Cele
brate," "The United States," "Civil and
Religious Liberty," "The Heroes and
Martyrs of "98," "Our Celtic Friends" and
"Our City." James R. Kelly and Mayor
Phelan will be among the speakers.
Special services will be held In all of
the Catholic churches to-day in honor of
St, Patrick.
An entertainment will bo given this
evening: in the basement of St. Teresa's
Church on Tennessee street, between
Butte and Solano streets, Potrero, ln honor
of St. Patrick. The proceeds will go
toward the many improvements being
made on the church property. Among
those who will take part In the entertain
ment are Miss Annie Roney, the well
known and popular soprano; James
O'Donnell, J. C. Flood, F. Griffin and Dr.
Hugh Lagan.
A patriotic demonstration will be held
by the Dan O'ConiK-11 Social Club at Ful
ton Casino at Harbor View to-day In
honor of St. Patrick's day. The ceremony
of raising the flag will take place at 9
o'clock, and at 1:30 in the afternoon a din
ner will be given to all the members of
the club, who also have the privilege of
inviting their friends to the repast.
■The committee In charge of the celebra
tion consists of the following members:
Cornelius McAuliffe. Charles McKensay,
Michael McCarthy, Michael Carr, Thomas
Thompson, J. Gripers, William Ward
and Frank Johnson.
Michael Carr has been elected as orator
of the day, while the title of chief fun
maker" has devolved upon Richard Rice,
who will entertain with songs and recita-
UuliS.
The flag will be raised by Michael Mc-
Carthy and Cornelius McAuliffe. two of
the oldest residents of Harbor View.
her well remarked:
"She is older than her sister, Mrs.
McDonnell, so if you put her age at 24
you will not go wide of the mark to any
alarming extent. Her type of beauty
|is the robust. She la stately and com
! manding, and carries herself with an
air of confidence and distinction. He is
completely infatuated, and I doubt if
all the Pullman family Influence, even
if it should be exerted, could succeed
in separating them from each other.
"The married sister other than Mrs.
j McDonnell lives <>n Waller street, and
has quite a family of children. The
; bride is a Native Daughter. Tho rich
jes of McDonnell brought the family
j into some prominence."
Miss West is the daughter of Mrs.
Margueritte L. West and the late
Charles H. West. Mr. West was an
: honored pioneer, who arrived here in
j 1549. The bride is also the niece of
: the late Frederick W. Lander and Ed
ward Lander, formerly United States
Judge in the Territory of Washington.
It will be noted, therefore, that the
i West family stands so high that the
! Pullmans must be gratitied with the
I alliance.
WEST POINTERS
MEET AT DINNER
Anniversary of the Founding
of the Academy Is Duly
Commemorated.
Happy Gathering of Graduates Now
on This Coast in Honor of
ths Day.
The anniversary of the founding of
West Point Military Academy was cele
brated by the graduates of that institu
tion on this coast by a banquet at the
Malson Rfche last evening. This was the
second annual dinner held here in com
memoration of the anniversary and It is
the intention of the graduates to make it
a yearly event. Forty-eight g-uests at
tended the dinner, over which the veteran
Colonel George Mendell presided. At the i
conclusion of tliu repast he Introduced j
Captain Pettit as toastmaster. Captain !
Payson of the Valley Railroad responded
to the toast, "Graduates in Civil Life,"
after which Professor Soule of the Uni
versity of California spoke on "The Army
and the Union." To Lieutenant Wilson,
Third Artillery, fell the pleasing duty of
responding to- "Wives and Sweethearts."
These were the only set speeches of the
evening, but everybody present was called
upon for some informal remarks and it
was midnight when the Last glass was
drained and the company broke up. The '
following gentlemen were in attendance: j
Colonel J. Stewart, Professor Frank Soule,
Lieutenant J. S. Oyster. GeiK'ral <). D. Greene,
Colonel G. H. Mendell. E. 11. Merrill, A. H.
Payson, J. I*. Rathbone, General George S.
Cosby, Lieutenant S. A. Cloman, Lieutenant
Herbert Deakyne, Major C. L. E. B. Davis,
Major W. H. Hueur. Lieutenant E. B. Bab
bitt, Colonel L. S. Babbitt, Colonel C. R. Suter,
Lieutenant L. P. Kilbourne, Lieutenant IJ.1 J . M.
Kei*sler, Lieutenant J. N. Pickering, Lieuten
ant C. T. Boyd. Lieutenant I). E. Nolan. Lieu
tenant D. W. Kilburn, Lieutenant Lloyd Eng
land. Lieutenant R. F. Gardner, Colonel M. P.
Miller. Lieutenant B. H. Randolph. Captain J.
S. Pettit. Captain C. G. Starr, Captain Sedg
wick Pratt. Lieutenant M. K. Barroll, Lieuten
ant J. P. Hams. Frank Soule Jr.. Lieutenant
JT. M. Hall, Lieutenant F. A. Wilcox. Lieuten
ant R. H. Noble, Lieutenant D. J. Rumbough,
Captain H. C. Benson, Lieutenant C. D. Pal
mer, Lieutenant J. B. Nolan, Lieutenant C. B.
Vogdes, Lieutenant E. T. Wilßon. Eugene P.
Murphy. W. R. Quinan, Lieutenant J. D.
Miley. Lieutenant C. G. Lyman, Lieutenant
Louis C. Wolf. H. G. Sirkel.
Rival Doctors Quarrel.
Myron Mills, known in business circles
as Dr. Allen, was arrested yesterday for
practicing medicine without a license.
James Smith, a Japanese, was the com
plaining witness. Mills was taken to the
California street station and hooked. Af
t< r paining his release on bail, he opened
up his lecture hall at Pine and Kearny
sttreets.and filled it comfortably with the
enticing strains of a flageolet. 'Dr. Allen
says his arrest was instigated by a busi
ness rival, who keens a similar estab
lishment in the same neighborhood, and
who was jealous of his success.
The fac-simile y^JJr s/IP/r m^sl. ""* is on every wrapper
signature of Wut/^f^^j^ of CASTOBIA.
HELD UP ON A
PUBLIC STREET
Alex Anderson Obliged
to Give His Valuables
to Masked Men.
First Asked the Time of Day
and Then Thoroughly
Searched.
Started to Hun but Changed His
Mind and Reported the Matter
to the Police.
Masked men nrp again In ovldenco.
lyrist evening 1 at about 9 o'clock Alex An
derson, while on his way home, was
stopped at Mission and Ecker streets by
two men, who wore masks and carried re
volvers In their hands. He was first asked
the time of day, but seeing the disguise
which the men wore he started to run
down Mission street, but was promptly
told to stop and throw up his hands.
He did as was bid, and was soon re
lieved of $8 40. He was then told to move
on and not to look around or there would
be trouble. Ag^in he complied with the
request, and, according to the statement
given to th»- police by the victim, he was
glad to escape with his life. The neigh
borhood where the hold up took place Is
rather dark at that time in the evening,
and it is probable the men took advan
tage of the fact.
From the report mnde to police head
quarters Anderson was walking along not
thinklns of danger when he was stopped
in a. sudden manner by a heavy set man
and asked what time it was. He started
to pull out his watch when he saw the
Bhining end of a revolver, and immr-di
ately took in the situation and started
on a run down the street. A command
to halt stopped him, mid besides losing
the money which he carried, he was re
lieved of his watch. After the robbers
were through with him he was allowed
to go, but with an order that he was to
keep silent or he would regret it. Silence
according to orders was maintained, but
the victim proceeded to police headquar
ters where he reported the matter to the
Chief of Police, and detectives were de
tailed on the case.
From a description given by the robbed
man the highwaymen differed altogether
as one was stout and short while the
other was slim and tall. The police are
of the opinion that they know who the
men are. and it is probable that arrests
will follow to-day.
COURSING IN A PRESERVE.
High Class Dogs That Will Bun at
the Union Coursing
Park.
Judging from the excellent stock of dogs
that appeared in the drawing of last even
ing for the Saturday and Sunday meet
ings at Union Coursing Park the lovers
of the leash should look forward to two
great days' sport with hounds and hares.
The stake for old dogs is $«10 and the
stake for puppies is $140. The drawing
resulted as follows:
Old Dogs— D. J. Healy's Rusty Gold vs. E.
V. Sullivan's Pretender, D. J. Healy's Moun
tain Beauty vs. Deekelman & Panario's Old
Glory. Dr. Van Hummell'B Van Nap vs. Pasha
Kennel's Metallic, J. Mitchell's .Sportsman vh.
! J. Van BerKes' Arapahoe, Dr. Van Hummell's
i Van Kirk vs. Scott & Glasson's Joy Bells,
j Curtis & Sons' Rosette vs. J. Moscanl's Olien,
| Pasha Kennel's (imported) Freedom vs>. J.
I Treaty's Speed, E. V. Sullivan's Jester vs. J.
• J. Edmonds" Move On, M. Murphy's Tod Sloan
! vb. Kay & Trant's Cross Patch, A. Johnson's
Lissak vs. Lowe & Thompson's Patria, R. E.
. de Lopez's Lily vs. Bartell Bros.' Blackstone.
', Curtis & Sons'" Commodore vs. Kay & Trant's
■ Eclipse, J. J. Warren's Sweet Lips vs. B. E.
; Portal's Gallagher. Kay & Trant's Sylvia ts.
I Scott & Glasson's Terruna, Pasha Kennel's
1 Santa Alicia vs. Dr. Van Hummell's Van Nlda.
i J. Seggerson's White Chief vs. R. Austin's
i
The Knights of the Red Branch will
give a ball this evening in Odd Fellows'
Hall.
The Sisters of Charity at Benicia re
ceived a bunch of shamrocks from Ire
land a few days ago from the sisters in
County Mayo. The shamrocks were tied
together with a green silk ribbon, on
which was printed "Erin oro Braugh."
Accompanying the package was a poem,
entitled "Shamrock of '95." The opening
stanzas of the poem are:
Go thou across the sea.
Go bring afar with thee
Erin's fond memory,
Shamrock of '98.
Bear o'er the ocean's foam,
■Where'er her children roam.
Kind thoughts of love and home,
-■.' Shamrock of '98.
Plucked from the mossy sod.
Childhood and youth have trod.
Where dear ones sleep in God,
Shamrock of "98.
Sprinkled with heroes' blood.
Gathered where saints have stood,
Type of the brave . and good.
Shamrock of '9S.
Fresh through the summer's plow,
Green 'neath the winter's snow.
One hundred years ago.
Shamrock of '93.
Exiles— they sighed for thee!
Outlaws — they cried for thee!
True men— they died for thee!
Shamrock of '98.
The sisters forwarded the shamrocks
and poem to Judge Tobin of the Hibernia
Bank yesterday, with instructions that
they be presented to the orator of the
day. The presentation will be made to
night at Woodward's Pavilion.
Douglas, W. J. Jones' Call Boy vs. G. Whit
ney's Theron. S. E. Portal's Laurelwood vs.
Pasha Kennel's Firm Friend, R. Strehl's Sky
rocket vs. T. c/ronin's Magnet, R. de Lopez's
Grwn Valley Maid vs. W. Jones' Queen, E. R.
Scott's Lord Hyron vs. J. Dean's Muondyne,
E. V. Sullivan's Mercy May vs. E. V. Sulli
van's Fear Not.
l"ujipy HtakP ~R. Strehl's Star Tolnter vs.
Orient Kennel's Sandow, J. F. Weymehr's
Bunlieam vs. J. Murphy's Pempsey Lass. J. C.
O'lxinnell's Los Palmos vs. J. Perrlgo's Bell
S-'wanl, I>. Ford's Handy Andy vs. D. Ford's
Uonita R K. de Lopez's Arrow vs. O. H.
Hoar's ObfHllah, C. L. Willett's Jersey Lily
vs. R. de Lopez's Quiver. D. J. Healy's Pas
time vs. Weymehr's fine Spot, J. Keenan's
Hoyal Oak vs. H»nry Spring's Master Jack.
ONLY A FAKE.
W. H. Crocker's Health Is Not Im-
paired — He Is Traveling Because
He Likes That Kind of Life.
The story that W. H. Crocker's health
is failing and that he is under the care
of a specialist at Carlsbad Is nothing
more or less than a fnke. Mr. and Mrs.
Crocker left San Francisco about three
months ago for a leisurely journey
through Europe. They sojourned at Nice
for several weeks and wrote to their
friends concerning the pleasures of their
trip. While Mr. Crocker is a wealthy
man, holding vast interests in California,
ami the president of one of the leading
banks of the city, his affairs are in such
shape by reason of the organization of
the Crocker Estate Company, that he is
not tied down to his office. Ills large in
terests in the Southern Pacilic Railroad
arc managed by the Crocker Estate Com
pany, but he has not personal inclina
tion to take an active part in the man
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales overO, ooo,ooo Boxes
pB hot iLlL*Qr^"i^
FOB BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISOSDEBS
such as Wind and Pain In tho Stomach,
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache Dizziness, Drowsiness. Flushinsra
of He.itf Loss of Appetite. Costivenes9.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling * Sensations,
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove '
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Kick Headache. Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And hnve the
LARGEST SALE
or any Patent Medicine in the World* .
25c. at all Drug Stores.
HOTEL DR MONTE
QUEEN OF WATERING PLACES,
On the 14th of the present month and until
further notice. Hotel del Monte will be con-
ducted on both the American and European
plans. GEORGE SCHONEWALD, Manager. .
§vi*it DR. JORDAN'S <>«-*
Museum of Anatomy
iceimxiTST.trt.etmth, S. T. CkL
'"- The Largest of its kind in lfi« World.
DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Oonjoltmtton ft«e. ITriw for Boot
Philosophy of Marriage.
• HtlLtO rntc
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. CTHB
great Mexican Remedy; give* health and
strength to the sexual organs. * /
Ancient Order of Hibernians, Division
No. 2, will give a ball this evening at
B'nai B'rith Hall.
Delmonico's banquet hall has been in
the hands of the decorators for some
days past. The adornments of this spa
cious room, it is intended, will be the
finest in its history. The red. white ani
blue will be blended with Krin's "im
mortal green" in silken devices, and the
florists of the city have furnished their
choicest plants and will send in great
hampers of flowers so as to make it
beautiful. Additional electric lights have
been added to give brilliance to the scene.
The occasion for which all this prepara
tion has been made is St. Patrick's day,
but St. Patrick's day with the glory of
the '9S centennial added. The Knights of
St. Patrick determined some time ago
that this year there would be special ob
servances In honor of the martyrs and
heroes of '9S at their annual banquet and
they made their plans accordingly. It Is
expected fully 250 guests will be present.
The opening address will be by Mr. Shea,
and then in order will come the following
toasts: "The Day We Celebrate."' Hon.
James D. Phelan; "United States of
America." Hon. W. W. Foote: "Civil and
Religious Liberty," James R. Kelly; "Our
Kindred Societies." John C. Reid of the
Caledonian Club; "Ninety-Eight," John J.
Barrett.
IN HONOR OF ST. PATRICK'S DAY
Interesting Exercises Given by the
La Salle Literary Club in Sacred
Heart College.
Lnst evening the large assembly hall
In Sacred Heart College was filled to the
limit to hear the exercises given in honor
of St. Patrick's day by the De la Salle
Literary and Debating Club. The hall
was decorated with green and white
streamers, which intermingled at vari
ous points with the red, white and blue.
The programme was interesting and at
tentively listened to by all present. All
the members who took part in the pro
gramme were heartily cheered for their
efforts.
What interested the people follows:
"Hot Time" "arch, Sacred Heart College
orchestra; introductory address. Francis B.
MeDermott: "Oh. Rise Up!" Rudolph I. Longa
baugh; "Who Fears to Speak of "98?" William
J. O'Connor; "Uublin Bay," W. J. Walsh, G.
agement of the railroad institution. He
does not go out of his way to express
his dislike of C. P. Huntingdon, but when
it comes properly within his way to ex
press his opinion he makes no conceal
ment of the fact that he does not speak
to Huntingdon, and does not care to be
placed in a position where he would be ex
pected to meet him and talk to him. It
is said that Huntingdon, for many years,
spoke of Charles Crocker In a sneering,
sarcastic manner, and Will Crocker has
seen fit to resent the insults cast on his
father.
The story that Mr. Crocker's hearth is
failing probably originated in the yellow
building. It is a great establishment for
gossiping, backbiting and throwing out
whispered insinuations.
MIDWEEK THEATRICALS.
What Is Going on in the Local Play
houses.
To-night and Saturday night Miss Helen
Merrill will sing the part of O Mimosa
San In the Tivoli's "Geisha," which pro
duction gives way on Monday night to
"The Widow O'Brien."
"The Mysterious Mr. Bugle" will play
another week at the Baldwin, where it
will be followed by a mixed performance
of which naughty Anna Held is the prin
cipal attraction.
On Monday night at the Columbia Rice's
"1492" will replace the minstrels.
The Alcazar is doing well with "The
Directory or
KOTZEBUE SOUND MINING AND
TRADING CO.
FOR Kotzebue Sound— The bark J. A. Falken-
burg will sail on or about May 10, ISyS. Fare.
Including ZbuO pounds baggage or freight. $200.
Passengers will apply early to LYXDE &
HOUGH CO., 40 California st.. San Francisco,
or to A. H. Herriman, general manager, Ml
Front St., San Francisco.
Union S. & Transportation Co.
TO KOTZEBUE SOUND, ST. MICHAEL,
COPPER RIVER, DYEA AND
SKAGUAY.
For passage and freight apply to
UNION SHIPPING AND TRANSPORTA-
TION COMPANY, 21 Market street.
California- Alaska Navigation & Commercial Co.,
628 Market St. k
Will dispatch their elegant new ocean" ste^mf-r
(now building), for Dawson City, via St.
Michael, about June 1. Fare, $300; 150 pounds
baggage free.
Freight 10 cents per pound.
Their powerful new river steamer (QUEEN
OF THE YUKON) draws only 2 feet loaded,
with a speed of 15 miles per hour, and elec-
tric lighted throughout. Send for pamphlet
and map of gold fields, free. Also steamer*
to Drea and Skaguay.
E. Sweeney, J. A. White, R. I. Longrabaußni
"Laws for Ireland," Harry I. Stark; Old
House at Home." Glee Club; "Thomas Moore,
Patrick L. Rourke; "Land Ahoy." Bernard M.
Power and Martin P. Power; Irish melodies.
Sacred Heart College orchestra; "Found Guilty
of Treason." Wade H. Shadburne: "Engraved
on an Irishman's Heart," William J. Walsh;
"Why I Celebrate the Day." Rudolph I. Long
abauph; "Innlsfail." Glee Club: "Shamus
O'Brien," Edward Mulville; "A Letter for My
Boy," Arthur A. Swan; oration, by James A.
White, orator of the day; "Bells of Shandon,"
James P. O'Brien, M. P. Power, B. M. Power,
A. A. Swan: "An Appeal," William J. Walsh:
"El Capitan" March, Sacred Heart Colleg*
orchestra.
TRADE COMING BACK.
Parties for Alaska Arrive From Dis
tant Places to Outfit Here.
Since the Alaska information work has
been assumed by the State Board of
Trade and the exhibit moved from tha
Pavilion back to the depot building at
the foot of Market street, times around
the headquarters are livening up consid
erably. Manager Filcher expresses him
self as pleased with the work his Alaska
Information Bureau is performing for
San Francisco, and with the outlook for
better results to follow future efforts.
His correspondence and the incoming peo«
pie impress him that, notwithstanding
the cut rates to northern ports, there is
still a great interest in San Francisco by
those contemplating a trip to the north
ern gold fields. The advantages which
this port offers by reason of its nearnesa
to the base of the principal Alaskan sup
plies and of its larger trade facilities
seem to be realized by many, and among
such the disposition is to take advantage
of them. Mr. Nolan, in charge of tno
outside offTco, claims that there are more
bona-iide inquirers than there has been
since the office was opened. There are not
so many local curiosity seekers around
the place, nor so many cappers for fake
outfitters. This latter class have been
given emphatically to understand that
their prcscnop fit the rooms of the bu
reau's headquarters would net be tol
erated.
Monday there was a party of twelve
from Indian Territory, who were here
on their way to Alaska, and among the
visitors yesterday were two gentlemen
from Bntte, Mont., who had come this
way because they believed they could get
their supplies enough cheaper arid better
in San Francisco to offset the difference
in the passenger rate by the northern
route.
Manager Filcher is convincod that with
proper backing and proper effort ener
getically and judiciously displayed San
Francisco can reap its full share of what
ever benefit may arise from the travel to
Alaska. He says if the business com
munity will stand by the State Board of
Trade in this work he is convinced that
the results in the end will fully justify
thfir confidence and support. As soon as
travel opens by way of the Yukon River
he thinks this city, by proper offort, can
secure the butt end of the travel.
Will Be Taken Back.
Sheriff Orme of Maricopa. Ariz., arrived
In this city last night with requisition
papers for tester Smith, agod IS years,
who was arrested several days apn by
Detective Crocki'tt. Smith is accused of
getting away with about $75 worth of
goods belonging to the Kessler-Boyle
Grocery Company of Maricopa. He is
charged with Errand larceny. After the
papers are signed by the Governor Orme
will at once leave with hia prisoner.
District Attorney," hut will usher in the
new week with a farce, "The Girl Up to
Date."
At Morocco's "The English Rose" is
enjoying the usual patronage and ap
plause.
"Town Topics" is up for another week
at the California.
The new zoo is making a hit at th«
Chutes.
Koe Estate Loses a Fortune.
Judge Slack yesterday rendered judg
ment against the estate of George H.
Roe for $71,324 24 in favor of the Cali
fornia Electric Light Company. Roe was
a director in the plaintiff company at the
time of the sale of its property for $1,000,
000. A commission of $100,000 was paid on
the sale and it subsequently developed
that Roe, although a director in the com
pany, received $r.0.000, one-half of the
commission. The company held that Roe's
transaction was Illegal and suit was com
menced and yesterday Judge Slack found
for the plaintiff and allowed interest from
the date of the sale.
Diverce Suits Filed.
Frederick P. Brown has commenced suit
against Elizabeth K. Brown for a divorce
on the ground of intemperance. Suits for
divorce on the ground of desertion were
filed by J. K. Minor against Elizabeth
Minor. Hersey Phelan against Ellen Phe
lan and Mary 1.,. Vbrhefl against Fred C.
Vorhes.
TRANSPORTATION— Continued.
TRAVELERS TO DAWSON
Via DTEA and SKAGUAY can arrange to
have their provisions sent via St. Michael
and the Yukon River, by applying to
ALASKA^YUKON
TRANSPORTATION CO.,
3 STEUART ST., San Francisco, Cal.
BIRCH Ci-^ek district: now nearly deserted
cwing to lack of food: larger and just as rich
as Klondike; produced about $.".000,000; lsoox
Ho feet: our new modern steamer Alice
Rix. .'tops there going to Dawson City; our
hook i'rpe. Alaska Transportation Co 224
Montgomery St.. opp. Russ House.
MINING SUPPLIES.
W. W. MONTAGUE^CO^
HEADQUARTERS FOR
MINING SUPPLIES. CAMPING OUTFITS.
311 TO 317 MARKET STREET.
GAS ENGINES.
uiONGASENGINTco;
339 HOWARD STREET.
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
P. & B. PRODUCTS.
P. & B. BUILDING PAPER and P A B
READY ROOFING, sold by all first-class deall
ers. are clean, odorless, of great strength rea-
sonable In price and easy to transport. 'They
keep heat, cold, dampness and dust out of
buildings: are particularly adapted to Alaskan
trade. PARAFFINF PAINT CO.. 116 Battery
st. Tel. Xo.. Main 1783.
SLEDS. BOATS, ETC.
ARCTIC sleds. Arctic dogs, Yukon boats
pilot maps to the Klondike, Alaska outfits'
steam launches and stern-wheel steamers, with
boilers suitable to burn wood: 50 boats can tw
seen at salesroom. G. W. KNEASS. 718 Third
«t. 'Phone Red 2361.VILE OPIUM DENS
Houses Where White Men
and Women Are Ruined
by the Deadly Dru£.
Sallow Victims, Limp and Drowsy,
Lie on Their Couches and
Leer Through Clouds
of Smoke.
Recent investigations of the police of i Ing fumes, lay limp as rags on the
this city Rhow that opium smoking is old-fashioned beds. Usually there were
a habit firmly rooted among the whites, two on each bed, the lamp and pipes, as
as well as among the Chinese. Men
and women are its victims, and the
■ are blighted by its touch.
"There is no question that \hundreds
are addicted to the habit and that they
negate at various joints for the
se of enjoying the fumes of the
said Sergeant Martin yesterday.
(Jail has verified the sergeant's
statements.
The pitiable feature about the entire
matter is the fact that the laws give
the vice every opportunity to grow, for
are so many difficulties in the
of securing a conviction that the
ordinances and statutes of the State
are practically dead letters.
rdir.g to the best information of
the police there are probably a dozen
<>us den.s where young men and
women congregate to smoke opium
night after night. As they have
watched the proceedings of the eousts
and are familiar with the loop holes of
the law, they feel comparatively secure
in all they do.
One of the most notorious opium dens
in the city, the perfect type of a dozen
others, is at the old Baltimore lodging
house at the northwest corner or Bush
and Grant avenue. This place was
visited by a Call reporter and an art
ist last night, and the revelations were
i ufflcient to prove beyond question that
the drug which De Quineey described as
<>ne that steals away one's life is ex
f ending its sway over wide areas of the
population.
Half a dozen rooms in this house were
■visited. There were from two to ten
habitues in each room, while the smoke
of the insidious drug filled the air to
suffocation. A blear-eyed and demor
alized group surrounded each "lay out"
of opium. There were hardened users
of the drug, as well as young men and
women just falling into the vortex that
leads to physical and mental downfall.
The victims of the drug, in various
Ftages of intoxication from its sicken-
RIDICULOUS LAWS DEFEAT THE POLICE.
Sergeant Martin states the whole case of the helplessness of the po
lice in the following terse interview:
"We may go to the rooms and smell the smoke, we may even
see the victims of the Chinese habit puffing away at the pipes and
sinking into the dope fiend's dream, yet we are powerless to make
them quit. Why? Because the law says that the offense consists
not in smoking opium, but buying and smoking it in the same place.
So if we do not see the victim buy the opium and smoke the same
particle which he bought it is impossible to secure a conviction. We
have even hired men to go to places and buy the drug, and we have
then lOBt the case because there was a doubt in the minds of those
trying it whether the opium we saw the defendant smoking was the
same 'shell' or load of the drug which he bought. The law is so tech
nically absurd that it could not have been worse for the police if it
had been drafted by the proprietors of the opium joints themselves.
"Thus, f what you say you saw is true. We know of many places
where the 'drug is sold and smoked, where it is kept on hand, and
where young men and wwmen are daily and nightly lured into the vile
habit, but what good does it do to make an arrest? We are de
feated almost every time we go into court and we weary of trying to
do anything in the way of enforcing the law. It is idleness and
child's play to be dragging people into court if we are laughed out
by reason of the weakness of our case. I see very little chance out
of this unless there should be an amendment of the very lame law
governing the subject."
I well as the opium in glass receivers.
! being placed between them. One wretch
i on each side of the "lay out" looked
i up through clouds of the nauseating
i smoke as he puffed, indifferent to the
intrusion of the. visitors. The sallow,
faces of young men and women thus
I dreaming under fumes that mad"c them
; practically dead to the world, formed
i a picture never to be forgotten, aS they
1 peeped over their pipes, staring dream
TILE BAJS FRAjSCISCO CALL, TIiUMSDAY, MARCH 17, 1898.
ily through the opium smoke that
curled up from the lamps and came in
clouds from the mouths of the victims.
From half a dozen hiding places star
tled young women stole, groping their
V^ay with contracted pupils, through
the dismal hallways, seeking to evade
the gaze of visitors. Though dazed by
the drug and ro-bbed of moral responsi
bility by its powerful action, they yet
sought to hide their shame from thosfi
who passed through the building.
Shortly after the arrival of the reporter
and artist word was sent from room to
room that something unusual was go
ing on. Within five minutes there was
an exodus of opium-smokers from the
building. They rushed down the stair
way pell mell, as if they had beheld the
spirit of evil.
Inquiry at the place and In the vi
cinity revealed the fact that it is no un
common occurrence for from ten to
twenty women to "hit the pipe" in the
Baltimore House each night. There is
little danger, for the police are power
less to stamp out the evil. Indeed, po
licemen have access to the rooms, and
are treated with fearless courtesy by
the victims of the drug.
One of the most active officers on the
force in the matter of stamping out the
evil is Sergeant Martin, who was seen
regarding the matter after the repre
sentatives of The Call had completed
their to-ur of the dens. Asked w!^ the
evil was allowed to flourish, the ser
geant gave the following interesting re
ply:
"We may go to the rooms and smell
the smoke, we may even see the vic
tims of the Chinese habit puffing
away at the pipes and sinking into the
dope fiend's dream, yet we are power-
I less to make them quit. Why? Be
j cause the law says that the offense
consists, not in smoking opium, but in
buying and smoking it in the same
place. So if we do not see the victim
buy the opium and smoke the same
particle which he bought it is impossi
ble to secure a conviction. We have
liTEHI OF DERVHERE WHITESDREAM AWAT THEIR LIVES,
Victims of the Drug, in Various Stages of Intoxication, Lay Limp as
Rags, The Pictures Do Not Exaggerate the Facts.
even hired men to go to places and buy
the drug, and we have then lost the
case because there was a doubt in the
minds of those trying it whether the
opium we saw the defendant smoking
was the same 'shell' or load of the drug
which he bought. The law .is so tech
nically absurd that it could not have
been worse for the police if it had been
drafted by the proprietors of the opium
joints themselves.
"Thus, what you say you saw is true.
We know of many places where the
drug is sold and smoked, where it is
kept on hand, and where young men
and women are daily and nightly lured
into the vile habit, but what good does
it do to make an arrest? We are de
feated almost every time we go into
court and we weary of trying to do
anything in the way of enforcing the
law. It is idleness and child's play to
be dragging people into court if we are
laughed out by reason of the weakness
of our case. I see very little chance
out of this unless there should be an
amendment of the very lame law gov
erning the subject."
Thus, night after night and day after
day, in the very heart of this great
city of churches and humane societies
young men and women are lured into
dens where opium is smoked. Going
to the places, first out of some evil
curiosity, perhaps with no thought of
ever becoming chronic users of the
drug, they are soon on their way to
the ranks of the outcast and aban
doned. It is well known that hun
dreds of the worst "fiends" ever han
dled by the police got their start with
ihf drug in just such places, where they
perhaps first wont "just for a lark,"
soon to discover themselves in the vor
tex of tha habit that is peculiar to the
Pacific Coast and to this of all Ameri
can cities.
To Wear a Star.
Fabian Callnhan was yesterday sworn
in as a member of the police force. Fa
bian is 2G years of age, a native of Cali
fornia and a conductor by occupation.
Ladles' tailor-made suits; latest designs; ye
Klve credit. M. Rothschild, 2U gutter, r. 6 & 7.
THE REPORT
HERE AT LAST
Captain Carrington, U. S.
A., Criticizes the Na
tional Guard.
An Outline of His Report to
the War Depart
ment.
He Finds Much In It to Commend
and Something to Con
demn.
The following is a synopsis of the re
port on the condition of the National
Guard, forwarded by Captain F. de L.
Carrington, U. S. A., to the War Depart
ment on the condition of the National
Guard of this State:
Sanitary Corps— Since last report the medi
cal department has lx»n organized In accord-
I anoe with the act of 1397. The corps has not
i been entirely complete.], but the high state of
efficiency reached in the recent encampments
! augurs well for the future of th.s department.
! The equipment is excellent In every re-
Er.cnmpments were held for the entire guard
during the year. Two of these encampments
' were by regiment and two by brigade, as to
i the encampments. 1 am able to report that
•' they were all much better than I have ever
I seen in the California National Guard. There
i was less of that bolsteroosnepi so often . seen
In National Guard encampments. The discip-
llne was good in all and excellent In at least
two.
Mobilization — Points of concentration for
service in the State, San Francisco, Sacra
mento and Los Angeles; for service out of the
State, Pan Francisco, Los Anpeles and San
Pieffo; time required for concentration In
Statf, twenty-four hours; out of State, live to
ADVERTISEMENTS.
809 Market Street, corner Fourth
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING. RECEPTION ROOM-NO. 7.
Consultation— FßEE.
V V- jT //ftp ft f FREE. ' To demonstrate our Painless
X Vkt V,Q& / u *v HolS, . Methods we will devote One Hour each day
"*. ,*,V» \\ ■' A/ /"MlJi* to FREE EXTRACTIONS— IO to 11 A. "M. The
C«V^Jv ■\\ I*- /[/ **.f/^ Clinic is always ahead in Advanced Dental
Wjft \?*y**L*M&J*nL - v ~ K>lw v Science. ,No .student employed.
aCV*^ x*v^>KJr^'-^9fv^k _^-^ft£' For the next *i (lays our prices will be:
-•>-• l&ffif VgV'/yk <?Z^^9l FULL SET OF TEETH for $4 50 up
■-.!> '•-■■ <>J&tf yf^/'*M^- = ' I ', GOLD CROWNS, 22k 350 up
/l 11 ~~~J!is%/' KVsftS'A '%%-- ■ , ' h BRIDGE WORK, per tooth 350 up
1- SILVER FILLING 25c up
jS^^ O Wm^^M<r t^ n}^' CLELx?NO LI TE GETH:-"--""G ETH : -"--""- r "^ l£ II
FOir^^^fe^Yoy^ A Physician Always in Attendance.
}y ; y^-W''^\\ Extracted SKILLED OPERATORS.
TFPTHi A II CROWMEi--. LADY ATTENDANT.
Itt I n^p , f^ Brid2ewoA PHONE DAVIS 654.
' WITHOUT PAIN. ' . DR. T.E. STRONG.
Office Hours— 9 a. in. to 10 p. m.: Sundays 9 to '2 p. m.
c isuiTer* c?~y ATrr 000000000000000000
UNITED STATES g*» palace *.»•
I A I IMnOV S GRAND "PrjE^so
/ OFFICE ® 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. O,
■'■■''•■^ : !'.-*»aV' ._ "''-I ■"l v m © ■ i all - Under ' Oxb ' Management. ' ' ■ O
i_^-t 1004 MarkfiL St © NOTE THE PRICES: o
■CT ■* "V* i!lftlal/1 ' Ol "' a European Plan.Sl. OO per day and upward"
:: T s!s !T i l I'Ann Daifall **' American Plan. »3.OOper day and upward V;
' \ it till I OlVCll* : i O •••"■: Correspondence Solicited. -••■■: Q
• V. •-•-:', I O JOHN 0. ■ KIBKPATBIOK, Manager. . q
T«l©p2aon.©, South 420, IoOQOOQQOOQOOOOOOOO
ten days. About 80 per cent would turn out
lor sixty days' service.
Emergency— The guard has been called out
during the year for emergency as a test of Its
I ability sto respond. Results were, ; in most
i case.-i, quite- satisfactory. A report of an
i alarming character came from settlers .of
i Shasta County some months since as to ■■ a
I threatened outbreak of Indians in that locality.
By order r the Governor of the State . I pro
ceeded to the scene of supposed j trouble j with
direction to make Investigations and take such
steps in the use of troops as 1 saw tit. In July
the Sheriff of Colusa County called for troops
to protect a - prisoner against mob violence.
; Two companies were placed at his disposal and
responded ' and performed their duty in a very
satisfactory manner. The Sheriff places great
value upon the support they gave him.
Equipment — cnange since last report, ex
cept that all troops have been equipped with
Webb cartridge belts. -
Horses — Horses are generally hired from liv
ery stables, and effort is made to procure the
same horses for each drill. ■ These horses could,
no doubt, be purchased in on emergency, but
while they are c"~r< enough for the few drills
and parades ■ the National Guard cavalry "have,
are generally unfit for . field service. Good
horses .are abundant in California, and I be
lieve a large supply could oe oecured in a very
short time entirely suited for . cavalry pur
poses in war. ■ •-.•■■
- Ammunition — The small ammunition, caliber
I 45, is purchased from San Francisco firms. It
is of good quality and very similar to that
manufactured by the United States Govern
ment. For target practice each regiment re
loads.
Each company keeps on hand in its armory
1000 rounds.
■ Camp and garrison equipage company
has in its armory from ten to thirteen wall
tents, mostly of private manufacture and in
good serviceable condition. These tents are
somewhat larger than the army wall tent and
! furnish ample covering for the men. A few
1 companies have the army wall tent. The sup
! ply of . army hospital tents is ample for the
present force. No shelter tents are owned by
the State! or in the hands of the troops. All
the companies are now provided with field
mess outfits and Duzzacott ovens.
Property accountability— Captains of com
panies are required to give bonds for $2000 and
to render a quarterly return of property to the
Adjutant-General of the State. No property
Is dropped from returns except by transfer,
condemnation, etc. Regulations are now
strictly enforced.
. Subsistence— Rations — The subsistence de
partment is Inoperative except when troops are
In camp or called Into active service. Jn these
cases rations are supplied through the senior
commissary officer, present generally through
contract, though emergency purchases are made
from time to time in open market. The army
ration has been adopted and prescribed, though
but little adhered to up to the present time.
In recent encampments the first attempt was
made to issue rations regularly, and, except
In one regiment, each company messed itself.
The commissary officers all found that there
were complaints of insufficiency, but, as I
predicted, this dissatisfaction greatly de
creased. The companies, being now provided
with Buzzacott ovens and individual mess out
fits, prepared their own meals, their first cook
being generally a hired man, assisted by an
enlisted man.
There was some dissatisfaction with the Bus
zacott oven, which I believe, from my expe
rience with the oven, results largely from the
lack of knowledge of its use.
• Drills and Ceremonies — Companies are re
quired to -aye three drills a month, except In
December. Battalion drills have been held In
all the regiments. The First Infantry, sta
tioned entirely in San Francisco, has had great
advantage in this particular over the other
regiments, none of which has more than two
or three companies located together, though
the encampment brought them all . together,
and very considerable progress was made in
battalion and regimental drills. All companies
have made great improvement In close-order
drill, and with the exception of two or three
are entirely proficient, many drilling quite as
well as companies of regular troops. In ex
tended order there has likewise been great Im
provement during the year, and a greater num
ber of companies have attained proficiency.
The encampments held during the year have
given the opportunity to begin the work of
field exercises. Written reports were required
from commanding officers and umpires of all
problems, which reports, were thoroughly dis
cussed and commented- upon before all the
officers. The Intelligent manner In which the
field maneuvers were executed and subsequent
ly reported and discussed was highly satisfac
tory and showed that great interest was taken
by officers and men.
As a result of the Interest awakened some
of the regimental commanders are now arrang
ing to assemble their commands '• for bivouac
over Saturday night for an exercise in minor
tactics on the following Sunday. I have
offered my services for all such occasions and
will endeavor to make them both Instructive
and interesting.
Guard Duty — recommend to regimental com
manders the practice of guard duty while in
barracks, so that upon going Into camp their
men would have some knowledge of their duty
on euard. The camps are of such duration
that it is Impossible to make good sentinels of
green men, when they do only one tour of
guard duty during the encampment. Only a
limited amount of outpost duty was done in
connection with the field exercises in camps.
Target Practice— my last report the
scope of target practice has been extended.
This practice is held at home stations. Dur
ing the encampment considerable practice was
held especially In the- Seventh Infantry- In
addition to this, all the infantry companies
held . a competitive firing, silhouette targets,
this scheme of firing having been arranged by
the inspector-general of rifle practice, and con
sisted of firing at the G target at known dis
tances, twenty shots being fired between COO
and 200 yards. . .
Armories— The State owns no armories, but
rents buildings for the quartering of the guard.
The buildings occupied by the San Francisco
regimerts were constructed for armory pur
poses but are only fairly suitable. Neither
armory is large enough for the entire regi
ment, eight companies of which occupy one
and four the other. | The matter of State own
ership of its armories in large cities is being
Recommendations— necessity of replacing
the old and worn Springfield rifles now in the
hands of the guard with serviceable rifles of
the model of 18S4 is urgent. The resolution for
exchange which passed Congress last session i
was so worded as to apply to but a few States. !
This exchange should be made at as early a
date as possible or the efficiency of the troops
will be proa! ly reduced in case an emergency
should arise for their employment.
THE BUCCANEER.
Hearst Must Pay Several Thousand
Dollars for Carrying Fake Dis
patches Without a License.
Vessels are not to be licensed as yachts
while employed for business purposes.
This decision was given in the matter of
W. R. Heart's yacht Buccaneer, em
ployed in conveying fake dispatches be
tween Havana and Key West. The Solic
itor of the Treasury, to whom the matter
had been referred, expressed the opinion
that the Buccaneer was evidently not
employed exclusively as a pleasure ves
sel, and was, therefore, not entitled to
the privilege of a vessel licensed as a
yacht under the laws of the United
States. „
The Secretary of the Treasury invites
the attention of the Collector of Customs
at Key West to the penalty of $200 fine
imposed for each trip of such vessel, in
addition to any other penalty that might
be imposed by law. -; .'
Sudden iJeath.
John Ackars va% found dead In bed
yesterday morning In a lodging house at
737 Mission street. The deceased was a
native of Holland. 57 years old. He had
been sick for some time.
: ADVERTISEMENTS.
! SrS^s^^^2 1 The Pets Of Every Klondike Camp.
' !^^^^^is :?:ri !^^^ out^ t complete without one.
for miners. Send name and
' i »° \w^-4 Wsnches * er^ e P eats ' n sArmsCo.
_-«r-< 4*B Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
I — — ' — — " " *
"I think Ripans Tabules about the best tning
there is," said the Colonel; "I guess they are THE
best ! I was sitting the other evening smoking and drink-
ing a little whisky and water ; there were four of us there
and one complained of being very uncomfortable. When
he had told us about it I said to him, * all that ails you is
indigestion,' and I gave him a Ripans Tabule from a little
vial I had in my pocket We each of us took one, and
since then I have learned that every one of three has
bought the TABULES and thinks them the greatest
things there are a going."
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FKAN CISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35,
8:30, 6:10, 6:20 p. m. ; Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:10. *:H,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.:
12:45. 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:48.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
came schedule as above. ;
Leave t ofrcw*- Arriv©
San Francisco. ort 11" San Francisco.
Week ] Sun- | Tv» tiStion 1 Week
Days. ! days. ' DeB^ natl on ! daya. I days.
7:SCa.m. 8:00 a.m. "Novato, ]10:40 a.m.] 8:40 a.m.
8:80 p.m. 9:30 a.m. | Petaluma. 6:10 p.m. '10:25 a.m.
b:l(ip.m. 5:00 p.m. Santa Rosa. 7:35 p.m. C :22p.m.
T:cUp.iu. Fulton.
Windsor. 10:25 a.m.
7 20a.m. Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyservtlle,
S:ofla.m. ' Cloverdala 7:85r).m. 8:22 p.m.
i Uopland and I
7:30a.m.|8-00a.m.| Uklah. | 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7 :30 a.m. " 1 10:25 a.m.
8 :00 a.m. GuernevlUe. 7 :35 p.m.
I :80p.m. " 6:28 p.m.
TiWa.m. is :00a.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
' . ana
5:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7:30i1.rn. 8 :00a.m. r sebasteooL | 10: *° - m - 10:25 a.m.
3 :30p.m. 1 5 :Uop.m. 1 aeoaa^P - | 7:35 p.m. 7:22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
i Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hopland for
Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Soda Bay.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for
Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes,
Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck*
nells, Sanhedrin Heights. HullviUe, Boonvllle.
Orr"s Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort
Bragg Westport, Uaal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rs-
'on rates. round-trip tickets to all points
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all pclnU
beyond San Rafael at half rates. -
Ticket Offices— €so Market street. Chronicle
'FOSTER. B. X. RYAN
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. A«t.
ittfg^^iaKiill CALIFORNIA
IfeffSMffl- LIMITED.
I^P^^^m SAN FRANCISCO
IJ^^^piji^ffllj CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR, /
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room ' Sleepers.
3y. days to Chicago, ' 4*4 ' days to New : York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m., carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars, on
fast time. Direct connection in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points. • . :
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry- • San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main
1520. Oakland office. 1113. Broadway. Sacra-
mento office, 201 J street. San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry, .
■ From Ban Francisco, Commencing September
V,' 1?. 1597. : : : ::■-_ '
: • WEEK DATS.
For Mill . Valley and San Rafael— s. •9:80,
11:30 ft. m.; n:45, 8:45, •6:15,-6:00, 6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for " San ' Rafael on Mondays. ;
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
'■;.-•.-.--.-- f- - SUNDAYS. --:v-\-v .. ■ -v".--.-, :
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *10:03t
•11:30 a. m. ; 3:00, "4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin." •
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:26 a, m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for !
Duncan Mills and way stations; 8:00 a. m.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations. ■
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
. ■:-■■"■'■■ (Via Sausalito Ferry). ■ ■ ': .
Leave San ■•- Francisco, : , commencing Novem-
ber 13.-1597: •■:■-' - ■:'- ■- '•■..--' . . '
■ , Week Days— 9:3o a. J m.',' 1:45 p.'- m. - >
Sundays— B:oo.- 10:00, , 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from i Mill Valley, Jl.
: * THOU. COOK & » SON, Agents, 621 ■• Mark*}
street. San Francisco. . k
;i BAILROAD TRAVEL* h i
tM»l'Tlir.ltM PACIFIC COMPAJfT.
(pacific BYSTEK.)
, Tr»lu« leave unit me <lv« to nrrl m.%
SAN I'KAS{11«:«. ,
* (Main Lino, Foot of Market Street.) *■--
' lbavb — From January 1. 1898. — arrivb.
i ~»6:OOA~Nile8, Sau Jose and Way Stations... *8:45 a
• 7:00 a. Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . 10:43 a
7:60 a MarysTillc. Orovilloand Bedding via
Woodland 5:45p
7:OOa Vacavillo and Enmsey 8:48*
7:3Ua Martinez, Ramon. Vallejo, Napa,
. Calistoga and Santa Kosa 6>l3p
• 8:00 a Atlantic Express, Og<leu and East.. 8:43r
8:»OA Niks. Sun Jose, .Stock tou, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville, Chioo,
Teliama and Uluff «tl»p
•8:30 a Peters, Milton and Oakdale »7i!sp
»iOOa New Orleans fciprass, Merced, Ray- *
mond, Fresno, Uakeralield, Santa
Barium, lioa Angeles, Deming,
El Paso, New Orleans and East. *j4sf
9:OOa Vallpjo, Martinez, Merced and
Fresno l*:lsp
*I:OOp Bacramento River Steamers '»:OOp
1 :OOp NUes. Sen Joso and Way Stations. . J»sl3a
1:3 Op Martinez and Way Station* 7:43 r
8:00r Livcnnore, Mccdota, Ilanford and
Visalia... 4:13?
Uverasore, San Jcse, Niles and Way * "
Stations tloils\
4:O#i' Martinet, Hau Itaincii, Vallcjo,
Nairn, Calistoea, Li Vermio and
bantu Uoru ■•»1»A
4«0«p Beaicia, VacaTlUo, Woodland,.
>-. Knifilite landing, Marysville, Oro-
v Title and .Sacramento...: 1»»4»A
4t*Or Niles, San Joe*, Tracy and Stockton .. 7ilsp
4:30p Lathrop, Modesto, Morced, Bercnda,
Fresno, Mojave {/or lUndsburg),
Santa Uarbaraaiid l.os Angeles.. 7s4oa
4:301" Santa i'o Kent*. Atlantic press '
for Mojavo and Kast ' «:43p
" Sunset. Limited." Los Aneelen. El
Paso, Fort Worth, Little liock. St.
Louis, Chicago and East §10:13 a
«G3:3UP " Siftioet Umittid Annex," £1 P»so,
New Orleans and East {lOiISa
0:OOp ISurupenii Mail, Ogricn aud East.... C:4."l*
6:00p Hay wards, Niles aud Han Jose 7:4:>A
t«:OOt> Vallejo t7:43p
8:00i> Oregon Jixprnss, Sucrameuto, Marys-
»ille. lteddi>ig, Portland, Pngct
Hound and i:a«t 8:15 a
' IS AS LEA.NDKO AND UAIiWAUDH LOCAL.
/ , (Foot of Market Street.)
<»fi:O©A") f 7:15 a
S:OOa ; Helrose, Seminary Park, **»:4Ba
IO ! o2a Fltclibanr, Elmhurst, : \i«ll
1:00* San I,Miii!ro, South Sau. ■ 12:i:V>r
tl«:OOM Leandro^tadillo, {*££.
V'3:»op Lorenro, CUorn, i t4:43p
4.-00P ' . ,«S:4sp
5:OOp • ana 6:13p
«:3op Hajirards. l''l$ r
7j»op *. . 8:45p
8:00p .Rait through to Nilei; ! JSHSSS.
m » : ;Fr ° mNUcS - "'imSS
COAST l>lVl>M»i (Narrow tt»»se).
- .- 1 (Foot of Market Street.)
Skin.* / < cnlcrvillo,S!in.)oso.'Felton,
Boulder Creek, Sen ta Cruz and Way
Stations. •»••!>
•SilSr Newark, (,'onter»ilic, San Jobo, New
Alinaden, Felton, lionldcr Creek. f-.s
Santa Cruz and PrinciiAl Way
Stations..... .". .';.... •IwiSC*
4il!tr Newark, Knu .lose and Los Gates ... I*4
t11:43p Hunters' Excursion. San Jcso and
Way Stations. t7igop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN mHCISCO— Foot of Market Sired (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. : 21:00 : '2:00 t3:M .
•4:00. . i 5:00 ■' *C:o3r.u. ; .• . ; /;<'•. ■ / -■;
OAKUSD— root of Broadwaj.— '6:oo 8.-00 1000 a.m.
tl2:00 »1:CO; t2:00.; , "3:00 ;, ti^O'" .»3K>opju
COAST VISION ( I road Gauge).
(Third and Townsend Sts.) • •' •
oissa Halt Joso nml \V»y fcStiUlons (New -
' Almadcu Wednesdays oulj) - 6tssAi
•:OOa San . Joso, Tics Pinos, Santa Crux, ...
Pacilio C rote, Paso Hobles, Sau .
litils <>l>isi>«. tiUiirtiilupo, Surf and
■ Priueipai Wny fSlalimis . 4«lBp
10:40 a San .lose ami Wny .Stations.. «S:OOa.
Sl:3Oa San Joso mid Way Stations 8:33 a
*2:3»j> San Mat>?o, Redwood, Meulo Park,.- .. ; .'
•'«- Santa : Clara, s Bau Jose, Gilroy,
■ Hollister, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
■ Monterey mid Pacific Grove *IO:4Oa
"S:lsp Sau Jobo ami Principal Way Stations . *9:00 a.
•4>lsr San Jose and Principal Way tiUMous 8:45 v
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations l:30p
S:S«i- San Joso ami Principal Way Stations 5:30p
'6 :ior San Jose ami Way Stations...'. T:2Of
111:4.> - San Joac ami Way 5tati0n5......... 7;* Or
A for Morning. ' 1' for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepteti. ' } Sundays only, "■; t Saturdays only,
111 1 Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only. ? -
? Mondays and Thursdays. .. : '
_ I Wedneadays and Saturdays. —
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
- From September 10. 1£97. trains will rua m
fellows: . : ■■■-■
. Southbound. ■■■ , ; ■ ~A Northbound. *
Passon- ■■ Mixed Rtatlon _ Mixed i Pass«a>
J ger.' Sunday stauoas. Sunday *»»
Dally. ■ Exe'p'td ■ , Exc'p'td] ... Daily.
7:20 a.m. 9:00 a. m. Stockton '• 3:45 p.m. ' 6:40 mmT
8:10 a.m. 12:50 p.m." Morcoa 12:50 p.m. > 3-6:! ptn.
10:40 a.m. ,3:50 p.m. Fresno ,J :30 a.m. ■•■ 2 : 20 n,in
11:40 a.m. 6:20 p.m. Hanfori .:15 a.m. 1:1 a am
12:1a p.m. t1:45 p.m.- Vlsalla . ■ 6:40 a.m.' 12:40 pira
': Stopping at intermediate points wnen requiroi
~- Connections— At Stockton : with steamboats of
C. •N. &jI. - Co., i leaving k San s Francisco and
' Btockton :at 6 p. . m. dally; <at f Merced • with
stages to and from Snelllnga. Coultervllle. etc" •
also ' with stage for Hornitos, Mariposa. 4 eta
at Lankerahiia with et ago to and <rom Mt<l«rt«
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver a fraction higher-
Wheat dull and easy.
Barley rules firm.
Oats. Corn and Rye unchanged.
Another advance in Hay.
Feeds-tuffs unchanged.
Beans and Seeds dull.
Turpentine lower.
Potatoes and onions unchanged.
Vegetables firm.
Butter and Eggs steady.
More Eastern Poultry in.
Mexican Limes lower.
More damage to Fruit by frost.
Dried Fruit flat.
Provisions still dull.
Hides Irregular.
Meat market unchanged,
COIN CERTIFICATES IN CIRCULATION.
The Government coin certificates in sircula
tion February 2S were as follows:
1897. 1898.
Gold 537.544.819 $36,440,789
Silver 363.7UH.Mil 380.287.427 I
Treasury 85.546,621 98.464.430 j
Totals $485,800,941 $515,192,646
No gold certificates have been issued since
ADril, 1896. There was $54,000 taken out of cir- ■
n last month, while of all kinds there 1
was an increase of $4,300,000.
THE GOVERNMENT BALANCE SHEET.
For the first eight months of the fiscal year
the receipts of the Government compare as fol- 1
l0W " : 1896-97. 1897-98.
Customs $90,495,788 $92,051,714;
Internal revenue 69,235,281 110,819,190!
Miscellaneous 16,607,825 71,687,007
Totals $206,341,894 $274,557,961 j
The expenditures for the same Interval com- :
pare as follows:
Civil $64.556,515 $69,516,656 j
TV a " 34,490,410 43.737,312 j
Navy 23,039,433 22.451.535 ]
Indians 8.161.124 6,722,152
Pensions »5.659,260 100,838.998
Interest 28,510.592 28,221,273
Totals $204,477.334 $271,487,828
THE NATIONAL CASHBOX.
United States Treasurer Roberts reports the
amounts of money on hand at the close of
February as follows:
Gold coin $151,609,155
Gold bullion 62.454, 5 ib
Silver dollars 399,079,443 '
grr.all silver coin 11.960.092 j
Silver bullion 100,819,300 i
Total specie $715,922,806 ■
United States notes 82,516.830
Treasury notes of IS9O 8,204,860 :
Gold certificates 1,574,880
Silver certificates 11,621.077
Currency certificates 2,230.000
National bank notes 3,417,842
Minor coin, etc 1,256,046
Deposits in national banks 51,752,506
.ineous 45,451
Total $856,571,767
Changes for the month show an increase of i
$3 000,000 in gold bullion, $1,500,000 in silver dol
lars. 55.555.000 in United States notes, $1,471,000
in Treasury note?. $2,160,000 in currency certi- ;
ficates and a decrease of $3,338,000 in silver cer- '
tiflcates, $2,750,000 in national bank notes and
0 In deposits in national banks. At the
dose of February, 1597, the money in these
vaults amounted to $864,338,167.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station indlcu.e maximum temperature
for the days, those underneath It, If any. the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In Inches
and hundredths during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high in the interior and low
Blong the coast, and the Isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Im
probable. With a "hlph" In the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, wanner weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produoe aa
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
flS^th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, March IS, 6 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same data
last season :
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Kureka 0.06 2K.05 41.62
R»d Bluff 0.01 12.08 22. «5
Sacramento 0.00 8.55 15.49
Pan Francisco 0.03 7.52 20.6?
FiBBUO Trace 3.70 9.25
Pan lAtiM Obispo 0.08 5.45 19.R4
Los Angeles O.ftO 4. 50 16.08
San Diego Trace 3.66 10.91
Tuma 0.00 1.65 5.31
Pan Francisco data: Maximum, 47: mini
mum. 40; mean, 44.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has rispn rapidly over the upper
Missouri valley and slowly over the greater
I»Tt:i>n of the Pacific coast. During the past
twelve hours there has been a Flight fall along
the coast of Washington. An area of low
pressure lies over Southeastern California and
Arizona.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
. tlonary over the entire rour'.ry west of the
Rocky Mountains. Throughout California the
temperature Is from 5 to 10 deg. below the
• normal.
Showers are reported throughout Central
California. A trace of snow fell at San Fran
cisco.
Heavy and killing frosts occurred generally
throughout California this morning. Condi
tions are favorable for (Yosts again Thursday
morning, though probably less severe.
Forecast made at San Francisco . for thirty
hours ending midnight. March 17. 1898.
Northern California— Fair Thursday, except
showers enrlv Thursday morning in the r>x
trcme southern portion; continued cool weath
er; probably heavy frosts where clear; light
northerly winds.
Southern < '.illfornia— Light showers early
Thursday mornlP"": cloudy and unsettled
Thursday: continued cool weather; frost Thurs
day morning where clear; light westerly wind.
Nevada— Snow in the southern portion early
Thursday morning; cloudy Thursday; con
tinued cold weather.
I'tah— Cloudy Thursday; continued cold
weather.
Arizona— Cloudy Thursday; colder In eastern
portion.
P.in Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday
continued cold weather; southeasterly changing
to northwest wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais taken
at E p. m. — Partly cloudy; wind west, 6 miles
per hour; temperature, 35; maximum tempera
ture. 38; trace of snow.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. March 16.— The early strength
In to-day's stock market was a repetition of
yesterday's movements, but prices resisted the
late pressure for a decline, and as a conse
quence show substantial net gains all through
the list. The bulls had the advantage also
of higher prices on the London Exchange, and
although prices Immediately rose buoyantly
above the London parity there was conspicuous
buying for London as late as business was
done In the British capital. The London buy-
Ing was certainly due to a feeling at that cen
ter that there is a more promising prospect
aa to affairs between the United States and
Spain. This feeling was shown also In a quite
buoyant tone for the Spanish 4s, which rose
1% in London and % in Paris. There was un
doubtedly prevalent in New York also a feel
ing that the outlook was more peaceful, and
such developments as had a threatening aspect
were Ignored. Either the Spanish Government s
semi-official announcement of its opinion on
the maintenance by the United States of the
fleet in Florida waters or the news that official
attention had been called to this opinion by the
Spanish Government would have been sufficient
to demoralize the market a week ago. But
the underlying conviction in Wall street is that
the authorities at Washington have come to
Indulge a hope of a peaceful settlement. The
continued preparations for defense and such
incidents aa those of to-day do not wholly dis
sipate this conviction. Nevertheless, operations
are now on a large scale pending a definite
decision of the Cuban problem. The supply
of stocks was not large to-day, and prices
moved easily upward without any heavy trans
actions. A part of the buying was attributed
to large bull interests, but much of It was also
supposed to be the covering of the short sell-
Ing which caused the late decline yesterday.
The bears were apparently averse to renewing
their attempt to-day, and the high level of
prices was not seriously impaired. The hopes
of a successful adjustment of the traffic rate
controversy In the Northwest was quite an im
portant factor In the advance here and in Lon
don for Americans. The local and Industrial
specialties led to-day's advance, but the
grangers, Northwesterns and international
stocks In the railway list were also conspicu
ously strong. Heavy additional engagements
of gold for Import were made to-day without
affecting the steadiness of the exchange mar
ket below the gold import point. The total
gold importation from Europe on this move
ment has now reached $24,000,000, and it shows
no sign of subsiding In spite of the growing
tightness of. money In London and in European
centers.
The accumulated stocks of exchange are sup
posed to have been somewhat reduced, but
there Is undoubtedly a large supply still re
maining, and the continued heavy outward
movement of merchandise Is constantly bring
ing new bills Into the market which are sold
against gold imports as fast as they come
forward.
Bonds were strong throughout in sympathy
with stocks. Total sales, $1,830,000.
United States new 4s, the 5s and the old 4s
coupon each advanced % bid to-day.
Total sales of stocks to-day, 372.900 shares,
Including: Atehison preferred, 5020; Burling
ton, 42.900; L. and N.. 9855: Manhattan, 27,135;
Metropolitan, 100,330: Missouri Pacific, 4645;
New York Central, 4320: Northern Pacific, 7320;
do preferred. 27,305; Rock Island. 13.950; St.
Paul, 4680; U. P.. 4320; Tobacco. 32.434T People's
Gas, 5605; Sugar, 34.616; Western Union, 3220.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 11 iSt P & Om 71
Do pref 25% I Do pref 150
Baltimore &. Ohio 17 St P M & M 127
Canada Pacific ... S3 So Pacific 15%
Canada Southern. 47% So Railway 7% ■
Cent Pac 12 Do pref 26 1 - '
Ches & Ohio 19% Texas & Pacific. 9S»
Chi & Alton 147% Union Pacific 26%*
Chi B & Q 91% U P D & G »%
Chi & E 111 63 Wabash 61,3
CCCiStL... 28% Do pref 15%
Do pref S2 Wheel <fe L E.... 1%
Del & Hudson 108% Do pref 9%
Del L & W 150 Express Companies-
Den & R G 11 Adams Ex 100
Do pref 4514 American Ex 120
Erie (new) 12% United States ... 38
Do Ist pref 35% I Wells Fargo 114
Ft Wayne 165 I Miscellaneous —
Gt Nor pref .... 148 |A Cot Oil „ 17
Hocking Val .... 3% Do pref 69% !
Illlinois Cent 99T;, Amn Spirits 7% I
Lake Erie & W.. 13% Do pref 17% j
Do pref 6S Amer Tobacco ... 98V* |
Lake Shore 186 Do prer 115
Louis & ->ash ... 50 People's Gas 92 f
Manhattan L .... 103% Cons Gas 180%
Met St Ry 144% Com Cable C 0... 160
Mich Cent 104H Col F & 1r0n.... I>>%
Minn & St L 26 Do pref 48
Do Ist pref 82 Gen Eleotric 32%
Mo Pacific 2CK Illinois Steel 45
Mobile & Ohio .. 26U Laclede Gas 42%
Mo X & T 11 Lead :!'>•>
Do pref 33% Do pref 103%
Chi Ind & L 7 Nat Lin Oil 15
Do pref 24 Or Imp Co 26
N J Central 92% Pacific Mail 24%
N V Central .... 110% Pullman Pal 171
N V Chi & St L.. 12 Silver Cert 55
Do Ist pref 65 Stand R & T.... S%
Do 2d pref 504 Sugar 122%
Nor West 12^, Do pref 109
No Amer Co 6% T C & Iron 19
No Pacific 22% U S Leather 6
Do pref 61 737 3 Do pref BS
Ontario & W.... 14% V S Rubber 15%
Or R & Nay 44 Do pref 65
Or Short Line... 29 West Union 87
Pittshurg 168 C& N W 118%
Reading lTVfe I Do pref 173
Do Ist pref .... 40 ISt L & S W 4
Rock Island 84% \ Do pref 9
St L & S F 6% R G TV 23
Do Ist pref 55 Do pref 52%
Do 2d pref 25U Chi G W 10
St Paul 90% Haw Com Co.. 29%
oD pref 145%
CLOSING BONDS.
U 8 new 4s reg.. 123 N J Css 112
Do coup 123 V Carolina 6s 136%
U S 4s llu% Do 4s 103
Do coup 111% No Pae lsts 113
Do 2ds 98% Do 3s 60%
US 5s reg HIV- E> o 4s '■'*
Do 5s coup .... 111% N V C & S L 4s. 104
District 3.655.. .. 116 Nor & W6s 120
Ala class A ]OS% Nnrthwstrn cons. 143*4
Do B 108% Do deb 5s 115
Do C 106 O Nay lsts 114
Do Currency ... 99 O Nay 4s 94%
Atchison 4s 89% O S Line 6s tr.... 120
Do adj 4s 55%!0 S Line 5s tr.... 99%
Can So 2ds 105% O Imp lets tr 109
Chi Term 4s .... 82 Do Bs tr 56%
C & Ohio 5s 114 Pacific 6s of 95.. 105
C H & D 4%5.... 104% Reading 4s 81%
D& R G lsts.... 110 RG W lsts 81
D&R G4s 90 SL& IM C 55.. 89%
East Term lsts.. 106% iS L & S F G 6s. 116
Erie Gen 4s 69%jSt P Con 141%
F W & D lsts tr 86% 15t P C & P lsts.. 118
Gen Elec 5s 101% Do 5s 112
G H & S A 65.... 109 !So Ry 5s 89%
Do 2ds K'4 Stand R& T 65.. 56
H & T C 5s 108 1 Term new set 3s. 90
Do con 6s 106V T &P L G lsts.. 98
lowa C lsts .... 99>4j Do Rg 2ds .... 31%
Kan P Con tr.... 102% I U PD & G lsts.. 54%
X Pac Ist DD tr. 131%iWab Ist 5s 106%
La new cons 45.. 101% Do 2ds 76%
L & N Uni 45.... 84% W Shore 4s 108%
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries ... 68
M X & T 2d5.... 60 Do deferred ... 3%
Do 4s ?«% U P pref 51%
N V Central lsts.. 115% Do 4s 62
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 40 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 15 Ophir 40
Con Cal & Va 70 Plymouth 08
Deadwood 70 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry... 15 Do pref 2 00
Hale & Norcrs.. 1 2f> Sierra Nevada .. 95
Homestake 37 Oil Standard 1 60
Iron Silver 37 Union Con 30
Mexican 25 Yellow Jacket ... 25
BOSTON.
BOSTON, March 16.— Atchison, 11; Bell Tele
phone, 248; Burlington, 91%; Mexican Central,
5; Oregon Short Line. 29%.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 16.— The Evening Post's
i London financial cablegram says: There was
! a general improvement In the stock markets
here to-day, mainly due to the bears scramb
ling in. There was little' fresh buying. The
feature was the sharp rise In Spanish fours,
Americans and Canadian stocks, Americans
V>eing benefltedd by the impression that Spain
and the United States would do their utmost
to settle matters on diplomatic lines. The
market was favorably affected by hopeful
views of a speedy termination of the Canadian
Pacific rate war. The close was a trifle under
: the best, except for Canadians and Grand
Trunks, which were booming In the street at
top prices. Mines Joined in the general rally
and all foreigners and Soutn American stocks
were better, being led by a rise of 2 in Span
ish fours on the official announcement that the
April coupon will be paid.
Gold is still much wanted for New York,
but it Is believed In good quarters that If
politics Improve the demand for gold may ease.
The distinctly easier tone In to-day's market
here Is due to the announcement that on April
4 the Government will re-pay upward of $3,
000,000 treasuy bills.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific R4H, Grand Trunk B*4, Bar
Silver dull 25% d per ounce; Money, 2^ per
cent.
BERLIN, March 16.— Business on the Bourse
to-day commenced with a better tone, but it
was afterwards weak on tne arming of the
United States and Snaln. American and Cana
dian Pacific securities closed firm.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, March 16.— FLOUR— Receipts,
20,460,; exports, 3060. Quiet and barely steady,
with prices lower to sell; Minnesota patents,
|S 2f"fj- r > 45; do bakers', $4 25@4 55.
WHEAT— Receipts, 80.877. Spot weak: No. 2
red, Jl 03% f. o. b. afloat to arrive and $1 04**
for spot. Options opened firmer on covering
and better early cables thaii expected, but
were nervous and unsettled all day. Bears re
sumed their raiding tactics. aided by fine
weather prospects, and although forced to
cover once or twice, ultimately prevailed and
closed the market weak at %@l>4c net decline,
although May was %c above last night's curb.
No. 2 red March closed $1 03>4; May, 97%@99V5c;
closed, 98<j s e. t
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
METALS— There is practically no change in
the situation in metals, transactions being
conducted on narrow lines, while prices have
varied scarcely a hair's breadth. At the close
to-day the Metal Exchange calls:
PlGlßON— Warrants dull, with $6 75 bid and
$6 85 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet and unchanged, with
$11 S7H bid and $12 asked.
TlN— Quiet. $14 20 bid and $14 30 asked.
SPELTER— Steady, with $4 30 bid and $4 25
asked.
LEAD— Easy; dull, with $3 70 bid and $3 72H
asked. »The firm fixing the settling price for
miners and smelters quotes lead $4 50. t
COFFEE— Options closed atoady. with prices
10 points lower. Sales, 11,260 bags, including:
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THUBSDAY, MARCH 17, 1898.
March. $5; May. $5 10. Spot coffee— Rio. weak;
No. 7 invoice, 5%c; No. 7 jobbing, 6%c. Mild,
quiet, steady; Cordova. 8%@16c.
SUGAR— Raw, barely steady; fair refining,
3%c; centritugal, »6 test, 4%c; refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 5175 packages; steady;
Western creamery, 14@19c; Elgtns, 19c; fac
tory. ll@l4c.
EGGS— Receipts, 8294 packages: steady; State
and Pennsylvania, 10%@llc; Western, 10% c;
Southern, 10% c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, March 16.— California Dried
Fruits, steady but quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 6@Bc;
prime wire tray, B%'s'S%c; wood-dried, prime,
B%<s!<%c; choice, B%<§9c; fancy, 9%@10c.
PRUNES-3%<sSc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 5%@7c; Moorpark, B%@
10c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 6@9c; peeled, 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
! CHICAGO. March 16.— Wheat was very weak
;at the opening, the bear crop sentiment
j among traders on last night's curb, resulting
j from the continuance of remarkably favorable
! weather prevailing over the entire wheat sec
; tion, which reflected fully. Opening prices for
j July ranged from 85% cto 85% c, against yester
: day's closing of 857ic. For a moment or two
' the market hesit cd. The opening decline in
I itself was sufficient to induce covering in a
< moderate degree and the market recovered a
, fraction, selling at 85% c. -mat, however, was
1 the extent of the bullishness. Offerings soon
' began to come in from all directions, holders
' apparently being discouraged at the excellent
I crop prospects. The decline also brought in
; stop-loss orders and the pressure was greatly
I increased by prominent St. Louis operators, of
j ferlngs from that source being exceptionally
I heavy. The market fell pretty steadily to 84c,
becoming quite nervous at around the bottom.
A reaction then ensued. Professional shorts
and many early sellers came In to cover lines
showing good profits, and by noon prices had
recovered to 85c. May was steadily held by the
Leiter interests at $1 04 throughout the ses
sion, although one or two sales were made at
$1 03%. Liverpool cbles showed weakness all
day. After noon the market again declined.
Shorts had by that time been filled up, and
when the market lost this supporting Influence
prices sagged at once. July was pounded down
to 84% c and was bringing 84%@84%c at the
close.
Fine weather and the wheat weakness were
the factors in corn. May closed %c lower.
Liquidation in oats was quite as free and
general. Wheat and cr>m were the influences.
May closed %c lower.
Provisions were in the main steady, consid
ering the weakness In -grain. At the close
May pork was 2%c lower. May lard 2%c» tower
and May ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 104 104% 103% 104
July 85% 85% 84 84%
Corn No. 2—
May 29% 29% 29% 29%
July 31% 31% 30% 30%
September 32% 32% 31% 31%
Oats No. 2—
May 26 26% 25% 25%
July 24% 24% 23% 23% j
Mess Perk, per bbl —
May 975 9 82% 975 9 77%
1 July 9 80 9 90 9 80 9 82%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
May 6 07% 6 07% 5 02% 505
July 5 12% 615 6 12% 5 12%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 500 6 02% 500 6 02U
July 505 6 07% 605 5 02%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour. I
weak; No. 2 spring wheat, 91(J?93c; No. 3 spring j
wheat. 90<5'93c; No. 2 red. $1 01; No. 2 corn,
2SVj.<ff2S f > B e; No. 2 oats. £.'%@;s%c; No. 2 white, j
f. o. b., SOc; No. 3 white, f. o. b., 27%<525%c; I
No. 2 rye, 48% c; No. 2 barley, f. o. b. , 34<i41c; ,
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 20; prime timothy seed, $2 So; |
j mess pork, per bbl. $9 75Q9 80; lard, per 103 tbß, '
$4 KfyfcoS; short ribs sides (loose), $4 So@s 10; j
1 dry salted shoulders (boxed), $4 75406; short
I clear si'les (boxed), $5 25^5 40; whisky, distil
i lers' finished goods, per gal, $1 18%; sugars,
[cut loaf, S.BSc; granulated. 5.38 c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, hbls 63.000 63.000
Wheat, bush 167,000 201.000
Corn, bush 530, 000 296.000
Oats, bush 418.000 358.000
Rye. bush 6,000 4.000
j Barley, bush 93,000 42,000 |
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creamery, 13@18%c; dairies,
10%fi)16c. Cheese, quiet, SfcSMjc. Eggs, steady;
fresh, 9%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 164.720 74,880
Duluth 44.843 8,641
Milwaukee 33,150 3,430
Chicago 167.050 200. 961
Toledo 12.534 4,10)
St. Louis 16.000 6.000
Detroit 2,162 1941
Kansas City 11,500 31.500
Totals 451,959 331,453
Tidewater —
Boston 22.541 15,974
New York 87,875
Philadelphia 10.895 4.716
Baltimore 22.754 33.575
New Orleans 40,000
Totals 144.065 94.265
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May.
Opening 62 70 59 50
Closing 62 75 59 25
Flour—
Opening 29 00 27 60
Closing 2S 90 27 50
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
March May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 7 9% 7 4% 7 % 6 % 6 5%
Closing 7 9%_7 4%_7 % 66% 65%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, March 16.— CATTLE— Trade In
cattle was only fairly active to-day. Beef
steers sold at $3 SOJH for the commonest, up
to $5 25(g'5 50 for a few choice lots, the bulk
going at $4 30/g5 10. Common to prime stock
ers and feeders, $3 50*^4 75, not many going
below $4, and selected lots, averaging 900 to
11S0 pounds. Canning cows, $2 40<g'3; good to
choice calves, $5 40® 6 25.
HOGS — Went at about yesterday's , prices,
closing weak. The bulk brought $3 »?,@4, light
weights selling at the usual discount and th*
commonest lights brought $3 70. The best hogs
closed around $4.
SHEEP — Sheep and lambs were 10c higher.
Inferior to choice sheep. $3 75@4 65, not many
going below $4 15. Rams brought $3 25(63 50.
Yearlings were in demand at $4 50®5. Poor
est to best lambs, $4 50®5 60, sales being large
ly at $r.f/r. 45.
Receipts— Cattle, 14,500; Hogs, 25.000; Sheep,
15,000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY", March 16.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 73iiO. Market slow and steady, then 10c
lower. Dressed beef and export steers. $3 90
06 SS; Western fed steers, active, S3 90©4 60:
Colorado feeders sold up to $5. Native stock
ers and feeders, unchanged at J4f65 35; cows
and heifers, $2 50® 4 65; bulls, Inactive, $2 75
06.
HOGS— Receipts, 13.500. Bulk of sales. $3 60
@3 70; heavies and packers, $3 "ivgS 90: medium
and mixed. $3 60(03 SO; lights. $3 50(Vz3 70; pigs
and much. $3 25<p3 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, official, 4400. Sheep slow,
barely steady, $3 nOfj 4 for Western ewes; com
mon to fair wethers, $4 10@4 30; yearlings, $4 30
@4 50.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, March 16— CATTLE— Receipts,
3600. Market steady to strong. Native beef
steers. $3 BDOS 20; W astern steers. $3 70-??4 70;
Texas steers, $3 \o<a3 75: cows and heifers.
$3 1004 SS; stockers and feeders. $3 75(5*5 25;
bulls, stags, etc.. $2 SOOI 75; calves, *4 50«j*6 50.
HOGS — Receipts, 5000. Market stronger.
Heavy. $3 6GOB 7S: mixed. $3 65@3 70; light,
$3 65«?3 70; bulk of sales, »S 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, 5400. Market active,
strong. Fair to choice natives, $3 75<gi4 75; fair
to choice Westerns. $3 5004 60; common and
stock sheep, $3@3 fiO: lambs, »4 25@5 25.
DENVER.
DENVER, March 16.— CATTLE — Receipts,
200. Market firm and oc higher; beef steers.
S3 Sofj4 86: feeders, freight paid to river. $3 95®
4 60; stockers, freight paid, $4@4 75; bulls and
stags. J2 25<g3 26.
HOGS— Receipts, 400. Market steady; light
packers, $3 70(33 75; mixed, $3 65® 3 70; heavy,
$3 60f?3 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market, good de
mand; good fat muttons, $3 25@4 30; lambs,
$4 iOfg 5 20.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, March 16. — The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow of the wool
market: There has been scarcely any demand
for wool during the past week, the total sales
reported being even less than those of the pre
vious week.
Manufacturers are not in need of wool and
they manifest hut little Inclination to add to
their holdings until they know more definitely
how the goods market — '" shape itself. As a
rule prices are well maintained.
The sales of the week amount to 827,000
pounds domestic and 280.000 pounds foreign,
making a total of 1.107,000 pounds, against a
total of 1.237,000 pounds for the previous week
and a total of 7,161,000 for the corresponding
week last year. Sales since January 1, 1898,
amounted to 37.126.450 pounds, against 69,
775,700 pounds last year at this time.
FOREIGN MARKET.
LONDON. March 16.— Consols. 11l IS-16;
Silver, 25% d; French Rentes, lOSf 15c.
LIVERPOOL. March 16— Wheat, dull: No. 1
Standard California wheat, 3Rs 6d; cargoes off
coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage, easy for white, quiet for red; English
country markets, quiet; French country mar
kets, steady; Liverpool wheat. No. 1 Califor
nia, 7s ll^d; wheat in Paris, dull; flour In
Paris, weak.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 11-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 red northern spring,
dull, Bs.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, quiet, 3s
W4d; futures steady; March, 3s 4%d; May, 3s
3V;d: July. 3s 2%d.
HOPS— At London. Pacific Coast, dull. 4.55@
4.155.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, March 16.— T0-day's stats
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $224,919,194: gold re
serve. $169,973,884. ■
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or.. March 16.— Wheat quiet.
Walla Walla, 74@74V«c; valley and blue stem,
77c per bushel.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., March 16.-Wheat easier
and dull. No. 1 club, 74@76c: No. 1 blue stem,
77@7Sc.
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. March 16.— Exchanges,
$219,113; balances. $54,131.
*- • " • ■
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 81%
i Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 84%
I SterlinK cc a t.ies — 4 *•»%
, New York Exchange, sight — 16
| New York Exchange telegraphic. — 1/%
j Fine Silver, per ounce — 65%
Mexican Dollars — *6
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Speke takes for Cork 98,222
; ctls. valued at $137,500.
Futures were slightly off, but the old prices
: were still quoted for spot grain.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1:40®
I 1 41% for No. 1 $1 42's for choice and $1 45@1 50
per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— May— l4,ooo '
ctls, $i 38%- 14 000 $1 39%. December— Booo, I
I II 32%; 4000, $1 32%; 10,000. $1 32%.
Second session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 33: I
2000. $1 32%; 28.000, $1 32^. May— l6,ooo. $1 39%. i
Regular morning session— December— lß,ooo
ctls. $1 32%; 2000, $1 32^.
I Afternoon session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 40% ;
i 2000, $1 40%; 8000. $1 40W. December— 4ooo, $1 Si;
I 60,000, $1 33%.
BARLEY— Light scattering rains along the ;
j coast and the Interior valleys keep the market ;
i unsettled. Futures wera a shade weaker, but
spot prices were steady. Brewing is nominal
I at the moment, as there is no demand on local
account and the shippers have taken advantage I
I of the recent rise to resell their cargoes.
Feed, $1 H>@i 12% for dark to good and $1 13%
I @1 15 for choice: Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9: ls o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls,
$1 08%; 2000, $1 08%.
Second session— May— 4ooo ctls, $1 08%; 6000,
$1 08^ ; 2000, $1 08% ; 4000, $1 OS. December—
2000. 97c.
Regular morning session— May — 10,000 ctls,
$1 08%; 4000, $1 08%. December— lo,ooo, 97c.
Afternoon session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 08%;
10,000, $1 08%.
OATS— There is nothing new to report. The
market continues dull.
Fancy Feed $1 27 1 » per ctl; good to choice,
$1 20@l 25; common. $1 IS©l 1.%; Surprise.
$1 27%'ffl 32%; red. $1 36©1 45; gray, $1 17%@1 20;
I milling. $1 20<f?l 25 per ctl.
CORN— Conditions unchanged except that
White is scarce and higher.
Small rouml yellow, $1 1091 12% per ctl; large
yellow, $1 05« i 07%; white, $1 10«Tl 12%.
RYE— sl 07% per ct!.
BUCKWHEAT-J1 "!gl 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$4 Esijj4 65; Bakers' extras. $4 30@4 40 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 50 per 100;
Rice Flour, $5 75; Cornmeal, $2 25: extra cream
Cornmeal. $3; Oatmeal, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4;
Hominy. $3 10<g3 30; Buckwheat Flour, $4;
Cracked Wheat. $3 60; Farnia. $4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $5 25
OS 65; in sacks. $5 06®6 45; Pearl Barley, $4;
Split Peas. $3 75; Gr-^en Peas. $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay continues to go up though thu advance
is slower. There is no change in Feedstuffs.
BRAN-tlfifK 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIV,.' 22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— KiIIed Barley. $24@25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $28 aO<g29 50;
Jobbing, $30; Cocoanut Cake. $21 50<&22 50; Cot
tonseed Meal, (28030 per ton; Cornmeal, $23'g>
24; Cracked Corn, ?23 :.*S24 50; Chopped Feed,
$17918.
HAY— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat, $18@
22 25 per ton; Wheat and Oat. $17 S<VS"2I 50; Oat,
$17^19: Barlay, $15018: compressed. $1«'5'21; Al
falfa, $10@12; stock. $12f13; Clover, $12@13 60.
STRAW— 3S®4Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
All descriptions rerr.ain as previously quoted.
Beans are still quiet.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 80®2 90; Small Whites,
$1 SOSI 60; Large Whites, $1 50<54 55; Pinks,
$2 K@l 50; Reds. Q&1 25; Blai-kev*. $2 40@2 50;
Butters, $1 40@l 6": Limns. $2«2 15: Pea, $1 40
@1 55; Red Kidneys, S2 2591 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 75r§3 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $2®J 50; Flax, $2 35; Canary
Seed, 2V«@2%c per 1b; Alfalfa, 3@6c; Rape,
2(g>2%c; Hemp. 3c. Vimothy, 5%c.
DRIED PEAS— N lies, $1 40@l 65; Green, $1 60
(gl 90 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions range about the same.
Vegetables are steady.
POTATOES— Early Rose, 6fK575c: River Reds,
50@'60c; River Burbanks, 60@75c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 65ft?95c: Salinas Burbanks are
out; Petalurna Burbanks, BQTSe; Sweet Pota
toes, KCMc per ctl for Rivers and 6T>c@sl for
Merced: new Potatoes, 3&3>2C per lb.
ONIONS— «2'S2 50 per ctl; cut Onions, $I@l 25
per sack.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 296 boxes As
paragus, I!' 4 boxes Rhubarb and 193 sks Peas.
Asparagus. SisJ>9c per lb for fancy, 6ig7c
for No. 1 and «B6c for No. 2; Rhubarb. 75c@
$1 25 per b..x; Alameda Green Peas, 3®4c per
lb; Mushror.ms, 4SIOC; Marrowfat Squash. $25
<g3O ptr ton: Dried Peppers, 6<@'7c per tt>; Dried
Okra, 15c; rabbage, 60@75c per ctl: Carrots, 25
@60c per sack; Garlic. 3@4%c per tb.
L,os An«*-i-s String Beans, S'g'lOc: Tomatoes.
$I@l 50; Gr«>en Peppers, per tb; Summer
Squash. sc; Keg Plant. 12% c per lb; Cucum
bers, 50cfa$l per dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced raw, 12c per tb in lots of 25
lbs; sliced ilessicated, 16@lSc: granulated raw,
13c: Onions, 60c: Carrots, old. 13c; new , 18c;
Cabbage, SOc; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 60c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at ll@l2c for Turkeys,
$5 for Ducks, $2 for Geese, $6 50 for young:
Roosters. $4 25 for old do and $6 for Fryers.
Local stock showed no particular change.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@loc for Gob
blers and 10<311c for Hens; dressed Turkeys.
12^13c per lb: Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75;
Goslings, *2 25@2 75; Ducks. *4@5 for old and
$6 oO<?TS for young; Hens. $3 5(W?4: Roosters,
young. ft 6007 SO; Roosters, old, $3 00@4; Fry
ers, $ti<26 60; Broilers, |5@5 M for large, $3 50®
4 50 for small; Pigeons, $2@2 25 per dozen for
young and $1 25@1 50 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter and Eggs are steady and Eggs are
cleaning up rather better. - v
BUTTER-
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 17%@lSV4c; sec
onds, lf({}l7V4c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 15@16c; second
grades, 14'</14' x c per lb.
Eastern Butter— Creamery, 16@16%c; ladle
packed, 14@15c per lb.
CHEESE— mild new, 9c: common
to good, sifjSVic; Cream Cheddar. 10@llc; Young
America, l0@llc; Western. ll@12c; Eastern,
12V013' per lb. )
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 12@13 per dozen; store
Eggs. ll@HHc
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
At the Orange auction Navels brought 85c
@$1 80. Mediterranean Sweets 65@85c and Grape
Fruit 40c.
The only change to report Is a decline in
Mexican Limes.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— ■ ■
• Apples, 406iF0c per box for common, 65@90c
for good to choice and $I@l 25 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1 s<Vß>
2 75; Seedlings, 75c@$l 60; Mandarins. Jl©l 25
for large and 60@75c for small boxes; Japanese
Mandarins. $l@l 50; Grape Fruit. $1 50<g>3 per
box; Lemons. 75c@$l for common, and $1 25(£p
1 75 for good to choice; Mexican Limes. $4 50@5;
California Limes, in small boxes, 50c<g$l; Ba
nanas, $1 25@2 25 per bunch Pineapples. $3@4
per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
Reports of severe damage to Peaches and
Apricots and some damage to Pears and Prunes
by the hard freeze of Tuesday night worried
the trade yesterday, but some time must elapse
before anything definite is known. The market
continues flat. ■ ,",» .„_,
L>Klfc:i> T ITS— Prunes, carload, lots, 3»i@
4%c for 40-50- s. 3¥«@3%c for 50-60's 2%@3V*c
for 60-70' s. 2Vi@2?ic for 70-80" 5.1%@2V4C for 80
90's, lVi@l%c for 90-100' s; Peaches, 2?i@lc;
fancy. 4%@6c; peeled. 10@12%c; Apricots, s@6c
for Royals and 7@7V4c for good to fancy Moor
rarks; Evaporated" Apples. 6%@7%c; sun-dried,
4@sc; Black Figs, in sacks. 2@2%c; Plums,
41,4(54%c4 1 ,4(54%c for pitted and l@lV4c for = unpitted;
bleached Plums, 6@5%c; Nectarines, 4@sc : for
prime to fancy; » Pears. 2>^,(g4^c for quarters
and 3^5^40 for halves, according to color, etc.
! RAISINS— for two-crown. 3c for three
crown, 3%c for four-crown, 4V4c for ; Seedless
Sultanas. 2%c - for Seedless Muscatels and $1®
1 10 for London layers; dried grapes. 2^c.
NUTS— Chestnuts ; are quotable at 8c per
Id; Walnuts, s@6c for hardshell and <tlff,~c for
softshell: Almonds 2^@3#c for hardshell. s@6c
for softshell and 7(!?8c for paper-shell: Peanuts,
4®5%c for Eastern and 1 4%c for > California;
Pecans, 6%@'Bc ; Filberts, ?H@loc; Brazil Nuts,
B<g*c per lb; Cocoanuts. $4 50(??5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, S@loc for bright and 5@
7c for lower grades: new water-white extract
ed, 4H<gsc; light amber extracted,: 3%@4>4c
per tb. : -.■;' ,-;-..'-' ••' ' '
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9%c pcr 1 lb for
heavy, 9%c for light medium, 10% c for, light, lie
for extra light and 12V4c for sugar-cured; East
ern: sugar-cured '■"• Hams, l(H4®Uc: :■ California
Hams, 10c ; Mess Beef, $9 per bbl ; extra mesa
do, $10; family do. $11012; Bait Pork. $>; extra
prime Pork. J10: extra clear. $18; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef, ll@l2c per lb.
LaRD- Eastern tierces quoted at 5Hc per lb
for compound and 7c for pure; pails, 7%c:
California tierces, oVic per lb for compound
and 64c for pure; half-barrels, 6\c; 10-lb tins,
V~tc: do 5-lb, Be.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%i?T6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-lb palls, 66 in a case, S'-ic;
3-lb palls. 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pails, 12 in a
case, S\4c; 10-lb pails. 6 in a case. 84c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case. 7%c: wooden buckets, 20
Jbs net. 7140; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net. 7%c; half
bbls, about 110 lbs, 74c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides continue at sea as regards prices, each
dealer having his own. The feeling is still
weak.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
lc under sound stock. Heavy salted steers,
ie©lfl%c; medium, 9(g94c; light. 9c; Cowhides,
9c; stags, «c; Baited Kip, 10c; Calf, He; dry
Hides, lei^l'c; culls and brands. 13@13'ic; dry
Kip and Veal. 134® 144 c; dry Calf, 174@194c;
culls. 16; Goatskins. 30'f?374c each; Kids, s@loc;
Deerskins, good summer, 25??30c per lb; me
dium, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings,
20'd30c each; short wool, 40 70c each; medium.
VOiffMc; long wools, 90c©$l 30 each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3*7 34 c per lb; No.
2, 2tf?24c; refined. sc: Grease. 2ti2>'c
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin, defective, 70
9c; Southern Mountain. 9(s lie; free Northern. 12
QMc; do. defective. 9@llc per lb.
HOPS— OId crop. 2®6c for poor to fair and B<g>
10c for good; new crop. 11 14c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentin, $5 30.
COAL— Wellington. $10 per ton; New Welling
ton, $10; Seattle. $6 60; Bryant, $6 50; Coos Bay.
$5 50;4K*allsend, $9; Scotch. $10; Cumberland, $10
in bulk and $11 50 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg $15; Cannel. $10 per ton; Rock
Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. $7 60;
Coke. $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6Sic; Powdered. 6%c; Dry
Granulated, 6«fec; Confectioners' A, 6%c: Mag
nolia A, 5Hc: Extra C, 5Hc; Golden C, oc;
Candy Granulated, s=kic: California A, 5%0 per
lb; half barrels %c more than barrels, and
boxes He more.
TURPENTINE— Is lower at 530 In cases, 800
In wooden barrels and 48c In Iron tanks.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 64@7c; second quality,
5V4<66e; third quality, 4@sc per lb.
VEAL— Large. 6<§6Vic; small. 7@7Hc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethere. 9c; Ewes, BH@9c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, 10@llc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 44c for large. 4V4@44c
for small and 4%@4\c for medium; stock Hogs,
S@34c; dressed Hogs. 6@7c per lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, March 16.
Flour, qr sks ... 17,5591 Hay, tons 276
Wheat, ctls 330 Wool, bales 15
Barley, ctls 1,935 Pelts, bdla 185
Cheese, ctls 217; Hides, no 284
Butter, ctls 363 1 Eggs, <loz 17,250
Tallow, ctls 540 Quicksilver, flsk. 210
Potatoes, sks ... 1,099 Leather, rolls ... 64
Onions, sks 113 Wine, gals ...... 14,100
Bran, sks 145 Lime, bbls 81
Middlings, sks ..61
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 8,412 Onions, sks .... 156
Wheat, ctlß 1.850 Flaxseed, sks ... 257
Barley, ctls 1.130 Wool, bales 24
Oats, ctls 1.050 Shorts, sks 1,926
Potatoes, sks ... 3,391 1
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls .....••• - 400 j.... ...'.••• •••"••••••••••••
■ ♦ ■
THE STOCK MARKET.
On th» Bond Exchange the sugar stocks
continued to harden and Oceanic Steamship
also advanced again.
The feature of mining stocks was the ad
vance in Sierra Ne%ada to $1 20 under favor
able reports from the mine. The east com
partment of the upraise above the Riley tun
nel is up 25 feet, with the top in $41 ore. The
west compartment is now being raised and is
up 30 feet; the top shows broken material
showing spots of ore.
Gould & Curry is assessed 15c and Utah sc.
At the annual meeting of the Chollar Min
ing Company the old board of directors was
re-elected for 1898, with Charles Hirshfield as
president, Charles E. Elliott secretary and
H. M. Gorham superintendent.
The Belvedere Land Company of Marin
County has levied an assessment of $1 per
share, delinquent April 20.
In the Comstock ground of the Savage Min
ing Company, on the 130 foot level, the main
west drift has been repaired and retimbered
a distance o£' IS feet; total length 423 feet. On
the Brunswick lode incline shaft No. 1 has
been sunk 16 teet since last report; total depth
on the slope 112* feet. The main north drilt
on the 600 foot level hae been advanced IS feet;
total length, 335 feet from the south line; the
face is in very hard ground, composed of por
phyry and seams of low grade quartz.
In pursuance of the resolution recently
adopted by the San Franciseu Stock and Ex
change Board, amending its By-laws so as to
create auxiliary membership the following
printed form of application has been sent out
to business men in this city:
"Application for privilege of auxiliary mem
bership in the San Francisco Stock and Bond
•Exchange — The privilege consists as follows:
On favorable consideration by the Exchange,
the applicant, on payment of $100 per annum,
in advance, is entitled to be on the floor of
the Exchange during all its business hours,
and to all the rights and privileges of regular
membersxof said Exchange. That Is. only in
so far as trading and dealing in the so-called
bonds, local and industrial securities are con
cerned. And be it further understood that
any one holding said privilege or auxiliary
membership is at all times subject to the
rules and regulations of said Exchange. Agree
ing to abide by all the conditions and terms
referred to above, I hereby make application."
In the Crown Point mine the Joint Belcher
and Crown Point drift from the top of the
Joint upraise from the 850 foot level is out 20
feet, 10 feet having been run during the week;
the face is in quartz giving low assays.
In the Belcher mine, on the 1200-foot level,
the east crosscut from the north drift Is out
33 feet, 5 feet having b' — made during the
past week; the face is in quartz having no
value. There have been hoisted during the
week and stored In the ore house at the mine
42 mining carloads of ore, the average assay
value of which was $21 31 per ton.
The Segregated Belcher mine yielded 15 min
ing carloads of ore during the past week. The
average assay of samples taken from the cars
was $24 85 per ton. The ore is being stored in
the ore house at the mine.
The yield of the Overman mine for the past
week amounted to 4 carloads of ore from the
workings in the north drift on the 90rt-foot
level. The assay value of the ore, per car
samples, was $34 45 per ton. Much dead work
was done in the mine during the week.
The official letter from the Justice mine for
the past week says: "During the week our
force has been principally engaged in timber
ing the southeast drift from west crosscut No.
2. We have completed the station for a winze
at the face of the southeast drift, and com
menced sinking the winze to-day. In cutting
out the winze station we saved 4 tons of or*
this week assaying $45 33 per ton."
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE,
WEDNESDAY, March 16—2 p. m.
Sid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 49% 50>4
4s quar coup.. Hi — Pac Gas Imp.. — 91
4s quar reg..Ho — Pac LCo — 54%
4s quar new. .121% — S F G & E.. 90Vi 90H
Miscellaneous — San Fran 33 121 2 4
Cal-st Cab 6s.USH — Stock Gas 10 —
Cal El 6s 126 V* — Insurance—
C C Wat ss'. ..102^103 Firem's Fund. 195 —
Dup-st ex c. — 98H Bank Stocks—
E L & P 85..128 129 Anglo-Cal .... — 67
F&Ch Rv 6s. — 11? Bank of Ca1..247V4249
Geary-st R ss. — 102 Cal SD & T-. — 104
HC & S 51,4.. 105 — First l.at ....200 —
L A L Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A... 130 —
Do gntd 65.. 100 — Mer Exehnge.. — 15
Market-st 65.. 127 — N'ev Nat 8...155 —
Do Ist M 55.113V1114 Savings Thanks-
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 100 Ger S & L..1625 166S
NCNg Ry 75. 102 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 69..1HH — Mutual Say. 35 40
N Ry Cal 55..102M>103% S F Say U.. 480 500
NPC R R 6b.lo*H — S& L 50.... — 100
NPC Ry 55. 100% — Security S B 250 —
N Cal R 55.. — — Union T Co. looo —
Oak Gi.s 55... 100 — Street Railroad-
Do 2d is 55. .109 — California ....108 —
Om Ry 6a 127V4130 Geary 40 —
p & O 6s 110 — Market-st 62% 52%
P&Ch Ry 65.10R14 — Presidio 6 8»4
Powell-ot 6s ..117% — Powder-
Reno WL&L..IOO — California ....110 —
Sac Elecßyss. — 100 E Dynamite .. 85 92H
SF& N P 55. 106 lOfi^i Giant Con Co. 42 42V4
8 P of Ar 65.. 106 106V 4 Vigorlt 3% 3H
S P Cal 6s — 113 Miscellaneous—
SPC Is eg 55.. — 99 1 * Al Pac Assn.. 98 98%
S P Br 6s 112%113% Ocr Ld Wks..loo 150
S V Wat 65... — 117% Hana P C 0... 20 —
p V Wat 45...102%102\ H C & S Co.. 31Vi 3U,
Stock Gas 6a.. — 103H Hutch S P Co. 4«% 46%
Water— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. — 65 Nat Yin C 0... — 7H
Marin Co .... 50 — Oceanic S Co. 58hi 58V4
Spring Val ... — 101V4 Pac A F L.. IV, —
Gas A "niectnc— Pac Bor C 0... 97% —
Cent Gaslight. 98* — Par Paint Co. 7 —
MEL Co — IS 1 *
Morning Session.
800 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 30 62^
80 do do 30 50
26 S F Gas & Electric Co 90 50
25 Hutchinson S P Co 45 75
55 do do 46 00
875 do do 46 25
25 do do 46 50
5 Oceanic Steamship Co 58 00
25 Giant Powder Co 42 50
5 do do 42 S7V4
60 Mutual Electric Light 13 50
Afternoon Session.
40 S F Gaslight 3 75
30 Hutchinson S P Co 46 37>4
175 do do ....46 50
75 do do 46 62^
5 do do 46 75
25 Market-street Railway 51 00
25 do do 5150
25 do do 52 00
25 do do 52 25
50 do do 52 50
20 Giant Powder Con 42 25
tOVlgorit Powder —.-.. „ » 37*4
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 30 62*4
225 do do 30 75
50 do do 30 87»<.
150 do do 31 00
275 do do 3125
85 Oceanic Steamship Co 58 25
15 S F Gas & Electric Co. b 2 90 50
INVESTMENT BO,">RD.
Morning Session
25 Central Light & Power, s J3 8 50
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Su>»ar 30 75
50 do do 30 S7tf
45 Hutchinson S P Co 45 75
60 Oceanic Steamship Co 68 50
Afternoon Session.
300 Hutchinson S P Co ....-". ..46 25
50 Spring Valley Water 100 50
Street—
15 Central Light & Power 150
MINING SALES.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday: •
Morning Session
100 Alpha (is; 100 Justice 80
tOO Belcher 25 100 Mexican 32
150 Best & Belcher 31 100 Ophir ........... 44
400Chollar 54 100 ■....* 43
600 56 100 Overman 12
200 53 500 Potcsi 45
100 56 300 / 44
200 Crown Point ... 13 100 Savage 25
550 Gould & Curry. . 20 150 Sierra Nevada.. l 05
60 1* -
Afternoon Session.
100 Alta 16 250 Justice 32
100 Andes 10 , 100 31
250 Best & Belcher 31 ! 100 Mexican 32
100 Chollar 54 200 Ophir 45
300 : 53 500 Overman 12
100 Con Cal & Va.. 78 500 Potosl 41
20........ 76 100 Sierra Nevada.. 20
200 Crown Point ... 14 100 Union con 38
100 Gould & Curry.. 19 200 Utah 11
100 20 300 Yellow Jacket.. 27
Following: were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday : '>■::.
Morning Session.
600 Alpha. ........... 08 ; 200 Mexican ........ 32
400 Best & Belcher 31 400 Overman 11
600 Bullion 13 300 Potosl 44
800 Chollar 55 950 .'... 43
500 ..;...... 64 3UO 42
700 53 460 45
400 ...... 621600 Savage 26
200 Con Cal & Va.. 77 300 25
200 78 600 Sierra Nev ...1 07H
300 Gould & Curry.. 18 250 110
400 17 500 115
150 Hale & Norcrs.l 40 200 Union Con 36
200 Justice 30 300 36
Afternoon Session. r
600 Alta 17:900 Potosi 44
300 Belcher 25 200 Savage 26
400 Best & Belcher 31 SOO Sierra Nevada.. l 20
200 33 600 1 2214
200 Bullion 12 300 125
600 Chollar 6o 200 Union Con 37
600 Crown Point ... 14 200 38
200 Gould & Curry.. 19 500 39
100 Hale & Norcrs.l 45 300 40
500 Justice 31 600 Yellow Jacket.. 26
200 32 300 27
300 Kentuck 03 200 28
200 Mexican 33 1 200 29
200 34 1
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John and Nancy Fritz to James L. Flood, lot
on N line of Pacific avenue, 171-6 E of Gough
street. E 34, N 127:1<H 2 . W6. N 0:2%, W 31. S
0:5, E 3. S 127:8%. quitclaim deed; $10.
Elkan and Rebecca Eisenberg to TUlie Dit
tenhoeter. lot on N line of butter street, ISO E
of Gough, E 30 by N 120; $10.
Henry S. Flood to Agnes Flood, lot on S line
of Broadway, 130 W of Laguna street. W41:10V4.
6 137:6, E 34:4Vj. N 37:6. E 7:6, N 100; gift.
Thomas J. Crawford to Hanora Crawford,
Jot on N line of Geary street, 87:6 W of Scott,
W 26 by N 137:6; also lot on N line of Sutter
■treet, 84:6 W of Baker, \V 2S by N 87:«; also
lot on N line of Post street, 200 W of Devisa
dero. \V 25 by S 125; gift.
Otis C. Bryan to Peter Conaty, lot on S line
of ilalght street, 130 W of Broderlck, W 25 by
S 120; $10.
Louis G. and Flora A. Schord to Richard I.
Whelan, lot on N line of Golden Gate avenue,
lbo \V of Baker streeet. \V 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Eliza K. Comertord to George F. Hanson, lot
on W line of Dolores street, 65 N of Duncan.
W to SE line of roadbed of Southern Pacific
Railroad, NE to Dolores, S 95; $600.
Thomas and Kate E. Lundy to Walter H.
Scholl. lot on E line of Vicksburg street. 106
S of Twenty-second, S 25 by E 150; $10.
James S. McCue to Gulßeppe FlgoDe and
Pietro Demattat, lot on N line of Pine street,
114 E of Dupont, E 20 by N 59; $10.
Jeremiah Flanagan to James E. Britt. un
divided one-eighth of lot on SE line of Bryant
street. 175 NE of Eighth. NE 25 by SE 63: $10.
Same to same, same (quitclaim deed); $50.
James E. and Mary Brltt to C. S. Healey,
same; $10. ■
Estate of Catherine Flanagan (by J. J. Mc-
Cue and Jamee E. Britt, administrators), same
to same; $2500.
Nathan and Lily Schlesinger to same, lot on
E corner of Bryant and Decatur streets, NE 2o
by SE 63; $10. . •
L.mise P. Bellencourt, A. M. Brisset. John
Doe True and Richard Roe True (by James G.
Jeffress, commissioner) to A. B. Hunt, lot on E
line of Thirteentn avenue, 175 S of X street,
S 25 by E 120 (56,209); $163. •
A. K. P. Harmon Jr. and Etta Harmon Ed
wards to Thomas H. Collins, lot on E line of
Eleventh avenue, 300 S of M street. S 25 by E
1 John E. and Hilda C. Beck to Beda L. Brand,
lot 17, block 9, Flint Tract Homestead Associa-
Pame to Oscar Brand, lot 18, block 9, same;
Same to Alfred Gustafson, lot 15. block 9,
Same to Frank J. Gustafson, lot 16, block 9,
Hon'rv Hartmann to Amelia L. and William
H. Worden. luts 182, 184, 186 and 188, Holiday
map A; $5.
Alameda County.
Margaret A. Johnson to Mary L. Jackson,
lot on N line of Sixth street. 110 W of Brush,
W 21 by N 100, block 97, Oakland: gift.
E A Jones to J. P. Garlick. lot on N line of
Joy' street, 120 W of Humboldt or Telegraph
avenue. W 38 by N 100, being lot 1. block F,
Roberts and Wolfskin Tract to correct 380
deed 475, Oakland Annex: $1.
Luca and Francesca Zuanich to Edmund At
well lot onN line of A street, 68 E of Hannah,
E 37 6 by N 108, being subdivision H and \V
half of subdivision > of lot 1. block 793, Watts
Tract, Map 2, Oakland; $10.
J J B. Ely to W. R. B. Ely, undivided one
quarter interest in lot on NE line of East
Eighteenth street, 150 NW of Thirteenth
avenue. NW 30 by NE 120 block 111, Clinton,
ABtA 8t M and May C. Benham, W. R. and Ellen
L Thomas to S. L. Potter, lots 6, 7, 14. 15
and 16. block F. Klinknerville Tract, Oak
land Township; $10.
Sarah M. Furniss (guardian of estate of
Frederick M. Furniss. minor) to J. I. Palmer,
lot on E line of Myrtle street. 100 N of
Twenty-eighth. N 25 by E 125, block C, Golden
Gate Homestead. Oakland; $1200.
Charles C. Maxon to Andrew bchuller. lot 31.
Map of Pacific Theological Seminary Tract,
Map 2. Oakland; $10.
Andrew Schuller to Alexander Warner, same,
°Ca 1 rr t ie ; L ll °Frost to William H. Frost, lot 4,
block E. Peralta Heights^ East Oakland; $1.
Wilham H. Frost to West Oakland Mutual
Loan Association, same. East Oakland: $10
Charles 11. Breslln to Agnes A. Rrefilin. lots
18 and 15, block 4, Daley's Scenic Park Tract,
iands y wf and Lucelle Forman. A. E. Shaw
and Elmhurst Land Company to Mrs. C E.
Baker, lots 37 and 38, Elmhurst Park. Brooklyn
T Jchn £' and Johanna J. Shiman to Elmer
Welsh, lot beginning at a stake on the SE line
of C street 200 NE from a point formed by the
intersection of East Third and South C. thence
SE 430, NE 133:4, NW 351.15. SW 100 to begin
ning, town of Hay wards, Eden Township;
P. and Mattie J. Taylor to Harriet
W Blaka lot on W line of Washington street.
50 'N of Thirteenth, N 50 by W 75, block 189.
O J kla E <l: p $ re f wett to Alpha Prewett, a lot 25
front by a depth of 75 on NW side of Fourth
avenue 25 E from East Ninth street, being
No 945* Fourth avenue, East Oakland (subject
tO L™sl*E K ngel $ to L. J. Rudolph, lot 4. block E.
Golden Gnte Tract. Oakland annex: $10
E D and Helen Harmon to Nathan Pushie,
lot on W line of Ellis street. 225:9 S of Fair
view avenue. S 5 by W 120, block 2. lands of
Regent-street Homestead Association. Berke
ley to correct 637 d 122 quitclaim deed); $10.
Peter and Sarah J. Conaty to Otis C. Bryan,
lot on S line of Berkeley way. 1W W of Sher
man street. W 50 by S 12K. being a portion of
range 1 Hardy Tract. Berkeley (subject to
deed of trust for 31000): tl".
BUILDERS' CONTRACTS.
George Kettner (owner) with William Horst
meyer & Co. (contractors), architect H. Geil
fuss excavating, brick, carpenter, mill and
stair work plastering, tinning, glazing and
hardware for erection of a two-story frame
buldlng, and- moving, alterations and addi
tions to a one-story frame building on E line of
Pierce street, 87:6 S of Greenwich. S 25 by E
137 "6' $2375
J. E." Pomeroy (owner) with Douglas & Co.
(contractors), architect none, all work for a
two-story frame residence on E line of Fif
teenth avenue. 173 N of Clement street, N 25
by E 127:6; $1762.
Mrs W. Loalza (owner) with Bignami &
Ma sow (contractors), architects Plesls &
Moore, grading, excavating, brick, granite and
carpenter work, galvanized iron work, . hard
ware, glazing, etc.. for residence on SW corner
of Taylor and Washington streets. S 59:6 by W
137:6; $11,398. ■ ,
. T. J. McCreagh (owner) with Douglas & Co.
(contractors). < architect none, . all work for a
two-story frame residence on E line of Fif
teenth avenue. 200 N of Clement. N 25 by E
127:6; $I*so. . •■ '■'.■■ -
Mrs. B. Mauser , (owner) with , Val - Franz
(contractor) , architect H. Hess. > all work ex
cept shades for a one-story basement and attic
frame building on - S line of Fifteenth street,
150 E of Noe, 25x125: $2400. ,j
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
\Tillapa Harbor, 'Washington.
Office of United States Lighthouse Inspector,
Portland. Or.. March 14. 1898.
Notice Is hereby given that a flrst-class nun
buoy. red. to be known as North Kdge of
Middle Sands No. 2. was established March 9,
IR9S. The buoy marks the North Edsre of the
Middle Sands and Is moored In 28 feet of
water on the following bearlnga (magnetic):
TVlllapa Bay Lighthouse. N H W: house on
outer end of wharf Toke Point, NE%Jf; north
edgs of treen on Leadbetter Point, BE by B ,
% E. Vessels should not pass to the south
ward of this buoy.
This notice affects the List of Beacons and.
Buoys, Pacific Coast. 1596. page 56. By order
of the Lighthouse Board GEO. C. REITER,
Commander, U. S. N., Inspector Thi.-ieentn
Lighthouse District.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United State* HydrographlO
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained in Sun Francisco for the benefit of,
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison • nd reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers m navigation and all matter*
of interest to ocoan commerce.
The time ball m top of the nuildtng on Tele
graph Hill is hooted about ten minutes befor*
noon and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Marft
Island, Cal.
A notice statiiig whether the time ball was
dropped on time : or giving the error. If any, la
published the same day by the afternoon
papers, and by the mornine papers the follow
ing day. W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front i Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tidf is the same at both places.
MABCH-ls'JS.
Thursday, March 17.
Sun rises >:08
Sun sets 6:00
Moon rises 3:17
JTlme
iL W
: I Feet
j
|Feet|™El? !
iH Wl
Feet
I 1:
2:4T
—0.2
»:
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th*
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives th»
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
?iven are additions to the soundings on th»
"nlted States Coast Survey charts, except
■when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtracttve from
the depth given by the charts.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydroirraphic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, March
16. 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of th«
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m.. Oreen>
wlch time. W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Empire
Weeott
Washtenaw
Samoa
Pomona.
Umatllla
Arcata
Homer
Burma
Mackinaw
Valencia
Crescent City..
North ForK
Columoia
Bristol
Belsric
Santa Rosa
Colon
City Puebia.. .
Coos Bay
State ot Cai
Coos Bay..
Humboldt
Tacoma. ...
Humboldt...,
San Diejro
Victoria & Pu*et Sna. —
Coos Bay _
Humbodlt
Nanairro
Tacoma
.Alaska
Crescent Clvr
Uumooiat
Portland
Departure Bay
China and Japan
San Dleg-o
Panama
Victoria and Pujret Sound
Newport
Portland
M
M
24
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination
Sails.
Walla Wlla
Coos Bar..
State of Cal
City Sydney I
Pomona
Weeott
Arcata
Dirigro I
Homer..... |
Samoa
Umatllla . . ■
Columbia..
China
Moana
North Fork I
Santa Rosa I
Vie & P Sound Mar 17. 10 am
Newport Mar 18. 9AM
Portland Mar 18.10 am
(Panama Mar 18, 12 M
San Diesro.... Mar 19. 11 ASi
| Humbldt Bay. Mar 20. 9 am
I Cooa Bay Mar 20. 10 A M
lAlaska |Mar 2L 4pm
IHumbolat Mar 21. 10 a. v
IHumboldt .... Mar 21
' Vie & Pfft Snd Mar 22. 10 am
IPortlana Mar 22.10 am
! Chlna&Japan. Mar 23, 1 pm
I Australia..... Mar 13. 2 pm
iHumboldt.... Mar 23. 9AM
ISan D1ee0.... Mar 24.11 am
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 21
PM S3
Pier U
Pier 18
Pier 13
Pler.B
Plerf>
Pier"t
Pier 24
PM S3
Pier T
Pier 2
Pier 11
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, March 18.
Stmr Coqullle River, Johnson, 18 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, 78 hours from Newport
and way ports.
titmr Geo Loomis, Bridge vt. 87 hours from
Ventura.
Haw bark Andrew Welch, Drew. U days fm
Honolulu.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, March W j
Stmr Fulton, Johnson, Seattle and Dye. 1 ;
Gray & Mitchell.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria and
Port Townsend; Goodall Perkins & Co.
Nor ship Prince Robert, Hanson, Port
Townsend; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Bktn S G Wilder. McNeill, Honolulu; Wil
liams. Dimond & Co.
Schr Aloha, Dabel, Honolulu; Williams, Dt
mond & Co.
Schr H C Wright, Olsen, Unalaska; North
Amer Commercial Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday. March 18.
Stmr Cleone, Walvig, Mendoclno.
Stmr Willamette Hansen. Seattle.
Stmr Fulton, Johnson, Seattle and Dye*.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego and
way ports.
W > r ship Speke, Wainwright, Queenstown.
Schr Ocean Spray, Sorenson, Iversens Land
ing.
Schr Maid of Orleans, Austin, Grays Harbor.
Schr Glendals. Johnson. Portland.
Schr Amethyst, Jo..annßsen, Waldport.
Schr Queen. Edwardsen.
Schr Fortuna, Roslch Eureka.
Schr Neptune, Estvold.
Schr Laura Pike, Johnson, Tlllamook.
Schr Bella, Smith. Seattle.
Schr Gotama. Dedrick, Coos Bay.
Schr Ida McKay. Johnson, Grays Harbor..
Schr Okanogan, Moore, Port Gamble.
Schr Monterey, Beck. Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 16, 10 p. m.— Weathe*
cloudy; wind calm.
CHARTERS.
The Bertie Miner loads lumber at Eureka
for Kahulul; M P Grace, lumber from British
Columbia to Sydney.
SPOKEN.
Feb 28—34 40 N 45 W. Br ship B'.ackbraea,
hence Oct 12 for Liverpool. Bothwell henc.
Mar 8-46 N 28 W, Br ship Bothwell hence
OC F t eb° 2 3irN T- Br .hip Carnarvon Bay.
fr larL^3rI ar L^3 r O 30 W. VBV Br t 'shfp Hyderabad, hence
Nov 14 for Queenstown. . .
Mar 5-54 N 38 W, Br ship Merioneth, hence
N Mar 3 11^4S e M 'Her ship Rence Rlckmer*
fr F?b P l°2 r -^ n | Robert Rle*?
mers from Tacoma for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived Mar Stmr North For*,
hence Mar 15; ?tmr Homer, hence Mar 15.
COOS BAY— Arrived Mar Stmr Arcata, ha
■- PORT • TOWNSEND— Arrived Mar Schr
Eva, hence Mar 6.
POINT PEVES — Passed Mar Nor stmr
Peter Jebsen. from Nanaimo for San Diego.
EUREKA— Arrived March 16 — Stmr Samoa he
NEWPORT— Arrived Mar 16— Schr Chal
lenger, from Seattle. • . ■
COOS BAT— Barbound Mar 16— Stmr Empire,
for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Mar . Schr Serena
Thaver, from Eureka.
ASTORlA— Arrived Mar Stmr Columbia,
hence Mar 14; stmr Pasadena, from Dyea; Br
ship Puritan, from H logo. ■ _ "
Sailed Mar Stmr National City, for Dyea;
stmr Alcazar. „ •
TACOMA— Sailed Mar Nor ship Dram
men, for St Nazaire.
SEATTLE— RaiIed Mar IS— Stmr Czarina, for
Dyea: stmr South Coast, for Dyea; atmr.
Townsend. for Dyea: bark Semlnole. for
Wrangel; stmr Australia, for Dyea.
... E. 1 STERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Mar 15— Stmr Advance,
for Colon; Btmr South Portland, for Seattle.
FOREIGN PORTS. ';
COLON— * Mar Stmr Allianca, tax
New York.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Mar 15— Br ship Sutb
erlandshlre. from Portland. ■ ■ •
HONGKONG— Arrived Mar 13— Stmr City of
Rio de Janeiro, hence Feb 12. . • ■
HOKIANGA— called Fc^ 16— Nic bark Leon.
• MELBOURNE— Arrived prior to Mar 15—
Bark Colusa, '-- Chemainus.
PANAMA— Arrived Feb Rtmr San Juan,
from San Jose de Guatemala, and sailed Mar 1
for San Jose de . Guatemala. 25— Stmr Barra
couta. from Chamoerico, and i sailed March 3
for Champerlco. Mar 4— Stmr San Bias, hence
Feb 8. ■ - - ■ - -■. . ■ -. • . .■ ■ ,
Palled Mar I— Stmr Colon, for San Francisco:
stmr Ptarback, for Acapulco. ■ -
C ALL AO— Arrived Mar 1 15— Br stmr Tartar
from Southampton for Vancouver. . • ? M
■*"■: TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS. .•■V||T
NEW YORK— Sailed Mar 16— Stmr St Louis,
for -Southampton; . stmr Kensington,- for Ant
werp; stmr Britannic, for Liverpool; stmr Sco
tia, - for : Hamburg ;■• stmr l^a Normandie for
Havre: stmr MasslUla, for Marseilles. • ■■• .-••■
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed ' Mar 16— Stmr Sylvanla,
for Boston. . :-..... ; ; .- ■ .-:.-,.
Arrived Mar 16— Stmr Teutonic, from New
■York. ' '-■• ■-':- :•, -■ . ■ . ■ ■• .-..- .;...-..•■; ■ -.:.-
PHILADELPHIA— : Mar 1»-Stinr
Switzerland, from Antwerp.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
POLITICIANS
NOT UNITED
Pardee Men Anxious to
Have One Set of
Delegates.
rhe Question Greatly Affects
the Chances of Many
Candidates.
A. W. Bishop and Victor H. Metcalf
Have Opinions of Their
Own.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 16.
Politicians are now Interested in the
methods in which the delegates to the
State and Congressional conventions
shall be elected, and whether one set of
delegates shall serve for both duties. On
this question opinion is divided, and upon
it depends to a marked degree the chances
of the county, gubernatorial and Con
ional candidates. The plan of "the
push" is to tie up tho county and guber
natorial candidates, have but one primary
for the county convention and name the
State and Congressional delegates at that
convention.
The Enquirer to-night says: "In the
lon of the friends of Dr. l'ardee
there is a gradual and certain drlu of
sentiment in his favor. The Pardee men j
are very confident that if the primary
wore to be held to-morrow Pardee would
; v. • . p the county In a square contest be- ;
tween himself and Mr. Davis without in
t. rmixture of county politics In the
fight."
Dr. Pardee's friends are favoring the
county convention method of naming
State delegates, though their confidence
In their man is so great that it is hard to j
understand their eagerness for but one ;
convention. Victor H. Metcalf does not |
want any other issue but that of a Con
gressional nomination to enter Into his ,
right, and desires to have delegates
elected to the Congressional convention
with only himself and Mr. Hilboru as fac- i
tors.
Ex-Postmaster A. W. Bishop, who has
long been prominently identified with Re
publican politics, made the following
statement to-day:
There Is a difference of opinion in the j
piatter of the calling of conventions of the
Republican party of this county. Whether
it is best to call one or two conventions,
whether delegates shall be elected directly
to the State and Congres: i.niu.l conventions
ut the primaries, or whether the better way
would be. to call a county convention for
that purpose. To my mind the proper way
would le to call a convention. To go to the
State -ii.J Congressional conventions with a
li d delegation would be suicidal, as
lar as accomplishing anything for this
county is concerned. The Republicans of
this county have been unfortunate in the
j urt in this respect. With a divided dele
gation nothing can be accomplished. It
would be going there to be shorn. It Ala
■ County wants the Governorship, or
Congressman, or both, it will be necessary
that the delegation should go to the conven
tion solid, and the delegation should be
workers and fighters. With solidity and
as, success will attend their
ts— otherwise they might as well re
. at home.
Republicans of Alameda County can
not agree among themselves, the balance of
t agree for them. We will
simply get scooped on every proposition.
My idea of the proper manner of conduct
thls nsrht Is, to call an early conven
or th^ election or' delegates to the
and Congressional conventions—separ
each. Then the candidates
".-is at the primaries will choose the
make their fight, and there will
- to who the candidate will
be, and the campaign will open at once,
with Alameda solid, in her choice for both
rj.or and •' "nKre?Fman, and no time
will be lost. < ttherwlse, a hard fight, un
certainty, with prospective defeat, awaits
us.
The county convention for selection of a
county ticket should be called tor a date no
■earlier than September. That convention
■k-ill have its hands full in selecting a
county ticket, without being mixed up with
the gubernatorial and Congressional fight.
This seems to me to be the proper course
of procedure, and one which will commend
itself to a very large majority of intelligent
Republicans of this county, and be a pro
moter of harmony and success in the com
ing battle at the polls. Any other course
will tangle up the political fight In an In
extricable snarl. __
TO HONOR ST. PATRICK.
Various Celebrations To-Morrow,
With a Grand Ball by the
Hibernians.
OAKLAND. March 16.— The anniversary
of St. Patrick's birth will be appropriately
celebrated in the Catholic churches to
morrow. There will be masses at 7 and
in o'clock a. m., with special music, and
in the evening several entertainments are
to take place. St. I'a.triek's narish in
West Oakland, Rev. J. B. McNally pas
tor, has arranged an elaborate pro
gramme to take place ut Hanson Hall.
Father King's parish will give an enter
tainment in the Exposition building. The
panegyric will be delivered by Rev. "Wil
liam Gleeson of St. Anthony's Church,
Bast Oakland. A fine musical and liter
ary programme is also to be presented.
Tho Ancient Order of Hibernians will
givo their annual ball in Germania Hall
to-mcrr.)',v evening. Elaborate prepara
tions have been made for this and it
promises to be- one of the most successful
events of its kind given this winter.
Morse After Miller.
OAKLAND, March 16.— Harry N. Morse
filed another letter with the Board of
Public Works this morning, in which h*.
calls attention to the digging up of Han
over avenue, and concludes with the fol
lowing: "I again say to your honorable
hat your Superintendent of Streets
is cither negligent irl performing his
duties or hopelessly incompetent, and in
rr case he is unfitted to be your Su
perintendent of Streets, and therefore
you should depose the gentleman and put
a more observing person in his place and
thua put the whole city under obligations
to your honorable body."
Division of Expenses.
OAKLAND, March 16.— Frank C. leavens
A. Heron of the Realty Syndicate
met the Board of Supervisors this morn
ing in the committee of the whole but
faJlod to arrive at an understanding in |
regard to the proportion that each would
f the expenses of maintaining the
Webster-street bridge. The syndicate's
representatives offered to pay one-third
of the help hire for tending the bridge
and all of the repairs upon the flooring
for the year. The board desired to have
them furnish the electricity for the mov
g of the draw, but nothing definite was
d upon.
New Borax Industry.
OAKLAND, March IC.-The Pacific
' oast Borax Company, of which I< . M.
Smith of this city is president, has de
to establish a plant to maunfacture
: n.ric acid in this State, An immense
tory will be built at Daggetr, seventy
miles north of Los Angeles on the
Fe Railroad and in the Mojave
For .some time Mr. Smith has
been making experiments along this line
and is so far satisfied that the above
Bteps have been taken. This will not af
fect the output of the Alameda plant.
Appraisers' Valuations Differ.
OAKLAND, March 16.— The report of
the appraisers of Peterhof Castle, in set
ting aside sufficient of the property for a
V>O<JO horn, stead, has been filed. Two of
the appraisers— R. M. Anthony and J. B.
Lanktret — recommend that a lot, 120x126
on Lydia street, be set off of the
present lot for excess; while A. H. Breed
believe* that only 120x79 feet should be \
taken from its owner, Mrs. Alice Austin,
formerly Poulsen. The matter will be
in Judge Ellsworth's court on
28th inst., if that gentleman is
TLljle to be present by that time.
A Quiet Wedding.
OAKLAND, March I*s.— Dr. C. M. Fisher
and Miss Jessio B. Tuttle were quietly
married last evening and are enjoying
their honeymoon out of town. The doctor
is quite prominent here and the bride is
a member of the Philharmonic Orchestra.
A HERMIT
WITH RICHES
J_ived in Abject Penury
in a Lonely Hill
side Hut.
Taken to the Poorhouse, Where
He Died From Lack of
Nourishment.
An Estate of Two Thousand Dol
lars Is Now Found to Have
Been His.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 16.
A report was circulated yesterday that
James Selick. a hermit of Leona Heights, '
was missing from his cabin, where he has
lived alone for years. To-day it was
learned that the so-called pauper is dead
and left an estate of $2000, and Public Ad
ministrator Knight has applied for letters
of administration.
It was supposed that Selick had been
murdered, and people who had known
him searched the ravines, expecting to
find his body. It is now known that Selick
died at the County Infirmary on March
2, and was buried as a pauper.
Toward the end of February the man
was received at the hospital, -where he
had pone when he became sick, lie was
so ill that the Supervisors agreed to send
him to the County Infirmary. He was
dying for lack of nourishment and with
exhaustion, and he expired a few days
For several years he resided in a hut ;
near Mullen's ranch, about two miles i
south of the Kedwood road. He was ex- j
tremely penurious and miserly, and lived
in .squalor, denying himself proper food,
buying stale bread and but little meat.
He" occasionally worked at ouu jobs, but
after his death it was proved that there
was no reason for his miserliness. He has
told friends that he never married, and i
was about 72 years old, having been born |
on Prince Edwards Island.
Public Administrator Knight has ap- |
plied for letters on the old miser's estate, j
having discovered that there is an estate
consisting of mone>- and promissory notes |
worth about $2000. The expenses of burial
will be paid out of the estate, and an ef
fort will be made to find the heirs, if any
are living. |
A few months ago another inmate of
the County Infirmary died who was found
to have been possessed of $1200, part of
which was money in bank.
ACME MATCHES
CLEVER BOXERS
Lon Agnew and Ben Griffin
to Meet for Eight
Rounds.
Two Good Purses Offered — Savage
and De Coursey Also to
Fight
OAKLAND, March 16.— Friday evening !
the Acme Athletic Club will hold at its i
club rooms a grand carnival of boxrng.
The principal event will be an eight round
contest between Lon Agnew of Oakland <
and Ben Griffln of Oregon for a purse of I
$300;- a decision must be given. Both men j
have been in training for the past three
weeks, and are in condition to do the
battle of their lives. Lon Agnew's record
on this coast is well known, he having
defeated such men as Billy Akers, five
rounds; Fred Muller, six rounds; Bob j
Thompson, twelve rounds; Joe Kane, four j
rounds, and others. lie also fought a j
draw with Frank Purcell, of ten rounds,
and while in the East engaged in over j
fifty battles, winning them all. His only
defeats have been while suffering from a i
dislocated shoulder, rendering his right
arm almost useless. His last bout with
Joe Kane has shown that he is again in
proper form, and great results are ex
pected of him in his coming battles.
Ben Griffin is probably better known i
through the East and Northwest than he
Is in California. He has fought hundreds
of battles throughout those sections of |
the country, and is one of the cleverest
middleweig'hts of the present time. Some ,
of his most notable victories have been:
Harry Carr, three rounds; Charlie Mitch
ell two rounds: Tom Bernard, four
rounds; Bob Hughes, seven rounds; Harry
Harper, two rounds; Fred Clark, two
rounds; Pete Casey, three rounds; Jim |
Callahan, five rounds; Charlie Shutz, four
rounds; Billy Chambers, two rounds; :
Charlie Partlan, two rounds; Ed Hamlin, j
three rounds; Charlie Goff, three and two |
rounds. He also fought draws with
Tommy "West, six rounds; Will Evans,
eight rounds; Jimmy Handle, six rounds,
and Jack Hanley, six rounds.
There will also be a six round contest
for $200 between Yank Savage of Vallejo
and Billy De Coursey of Los Angeles.
Both of these men have been in training
for the past three weeks, and are In the
pink of condition. A decision must also
be rendered in this contest.
In the preliminaries there will be eight
three-round goes between well-known
boxers, and also some candidates for
pugilistic fame. The club has arranged
for extra seating capacity to accommo
date the large crowd that will be presr^
AXE SLASHING BATES AGAIN.
Insurance Compact Meets Opposition
in Alameda County.
OAKLAND, March 16.— The insurance
rate war has broken out afresh with all
of its old-time vigor. It will be the old
fight of the non-board companies against
the board companies, except that it has
for a leader one of the best-known board
companies' representatives. That the
board rates cannot stand in this city
when lower premiums can be had goes
without saying.
A. L. Stone of the Haywards electric
road is the leader in this movement. He
represents the Williamsburg City, the
Franklin and ihe Northwestern National
companies. These are outside of the
compact, and are at liberty to make any
rate they please.
This means a lively slashing of rates,
and no one can foretell the result. It is
even considered that if the fight is not
stopped in this county early it may ex
tend to San rranctsco and other cities,
breaking up the compact.
Swindled With Brass Spectacles.
OAKLAND, March 16. — The police
have been notified of a scheme of petty
swindling which has been practiced upon
the women of the homes principally.
Agents offering spectacles supposed to be
gold, but which are the rawest of brass,
will claim to have found a pair of gold
ones, which he will dispose of for almost
nothing. He usually secures $2 or $2 50.
Desire to Settle.
OAKLAND, March 16.— The attorney for
Armstrong & Hardy, the young men do
ing a grocery business on San Pablo
avenue, who left suddenly a week ago,
has sent out a circular to the firm's
creditors, asking that they meet at his
office on Friday evening to act upon a
proposition of the firm looking toward a
settlement.
Improvers Elect Officers.
OAKLAND, March 16.— The West Oak
land Improvement Club met last evening
and elected officers for the ensuing year.
The following were selected: President,
j C. Bullock; vice-president, George
Stanley; secretary, C. L. Wines; treas
urer. William Walsh; executive cora
m ittee — H. C. W. Bode, Ferdinand Koe
nig, William Christen, J. P. Irish and
Nicholas de Camp.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, 3IARCH 17, 1898.
LITTLE ROOM
FOR SUFFRAGE
Woman's Congress Will
Deal With New
Features.
Oakland Expects to Have a
Good Place on the
Programme.
David Starr Jordan Helping to Ar
range Entertaining and Inter
esting Topics.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, .March 16.
The ladles of this city are very much
interested In the programme of the
Woman's Congress which will be held in
San Francisco during the first week of
May. The subject has already been
chosen and some sections of .. appor
tioned, but so far Oakland does not ap
pear to have been recognized, and it is
believed that the women of this city
should find some place on the programme.
The details of the congress will not be
made public for some days, and all the
State is waiting for them. There will,
however, be some keen disappointment
among those who expect to see much for
eign talent on the programme. The list
of speakers is confined almost exclu
sively to this State. Another cause of
disappointment in some quarters will be
the almost total elimination of the suf
frage question from the discussions. Only
in one paper that deals with suffrage and
its approach to American ideals Is the
subject broached, while the great topic
that extends through the whole three
days is "The Trend of American Social
Life."
Mrs. George "W. Burnell, the active
president of the Ebell Club, is an asso
ciate director of the State Woman's Con
gress, and she will undoubtedly see that
some of the talent on this side of the bay
is used. No known suffragist of promi
nence Is among the list of speakers, but
the congress will deal with the very
heart of American social life.
Dr. David S. Jordan is to take a promi
nent place, and with Mrs. George T.
Gaden, the secretary of the congress, is
now at work on the programme. The
most striking feature of the congress, as
at present arranged, is the apparent de
sire to keep suffrage in the background.
During the past three years there has
been much discussion as to whether the
suffrage question has not been overdone,
and judging from the present Indications
there is a desire not to repeat the mis
take. .
William Viers Acquitted.
OAKLAND, March 16.— The jury re
turned a verdict of not guilty in the case
of William Tiers, a member of the sport
ing life gang, charged with entering the
premises of James Aird, Seventh and
Market streets, and assaulting Lizzie
James. The complaining witness seemed
to desire to protect Barchi Peratl this af
ternoon, whom she seriously implicated
at the first hearing.
Reception to Mrs. Hearst.
OAKLAND, March 16.— The Ebell So
ciety has arranged to give a grand recep
tion to Mrs. I'hebe Hearst on Saturday
afternoon, March 26. It is intended to
make the event one of the must notable
of the year, and no doubt nearly all the
400 members will be present. The club
recognize Mrs. Hearst as the foremost
woman leader in California, and it has
long been anxious to have her for its
guest. The reception will be held from
3 to 5 p. m.
The Jury Disagreed.
OAKLAND, March 10.— The jury in the
case of Arthur Hinrichs. charged with
battery on T. H. Williams Jr., disagreed
this evening at Em< yville. It stood six
for acquittal and three f r >r conviction.
Twenty Years for Murder.
OAKLAND, March 16.— Eulalio Gon
zales, who was found guilty of murder in
the second degree two weeks ago, was
sentenced to-day to twenty years in San
Quentin by Judge Hall. A motion for a
new trial was denied.
Died From Her Injuries.
ALAMEDA, March 10.— Miss Mary An
derson, who was badly l.urm-il by tho up
setting of a coal oil Btove. in a kitchen
while she was at work some weeks ago,
died this afternoon at the sanitarium on
San Jose avenue, where she had be^n
ever since she was injured. Sho was 20
years old and her home was in Hio Vista,
whither the remains will be taken for in
termept.
School Census to Be Taken.
ALAMEDA, March 16.— At the meeting
of the Board of School Trustees last even
ing James Ballentine was appointed Mar
shal for the purpose of taking the school
census of this city. He has acted in the
same capacity for several years. Frank
Browning will assist him.
IT IS AN OLD "TIMER."
Historic Bell That Warns Travelers hu
the Ferrij Steamers,
IT has tnlled for the dead, rang many a merry peal at weddings, has
called peo-ple from far and near to praise and pray; its warning note has
been heard many a time and oft on the Sacramento River, and Stockton
people have often responded to its warning voice.
During foggy weather on the bay it guided vessels to a safe anchor
age from a point of vantage at the corner of Pacific and Davis, while for
years past the people of San Francisco and Oakland have alternately blessed
or cursed its clapper.
The best known bell in California and the one with the
strangest history is that which gives forth a warning peal
five minutes before the departure of each ferry steamer from
the foot of Market street and one stroke of the clapper as the
boat is leaving the ferry slip. Many a traveler laden with packages has exe
crated that stroke, while many and many a one has slacked his run to a se
date walk when the peal rang forth.
The bell was cast many years ago. It came to California to the order
of and bought by the First Congregational Church, which was then on the
corner of Dupont and California streets. It did duty there until the congre
gation moved to other and more congenial quarters. During the time it did
duty as a church bell it rang at the weddings of some of the best-known resi
dents of the city and tolled over the remains of some of our illustrious dead.
When the Academy of Sciences moved into the old church there was no
further use for the bell, and it hung rusting in its tower. About this time the
old river steamer Helen Hensley was built, and a bell for her could not be
purchased in any of the stores in the city. Some one thought of the church
bell, and the captain of the steamer was told he could have it for the trouble
of taking it away.
In its new sphere the bell continued to- do its duty, and year in and year
out it rang a warning note in foggy weather on the Sacramento and San
Joaquin rivers. When the Helen Hensley went into retirement in Oakland
Creek the bell was transferred to the Capital, and continued to do duty on
her until she had outlived her usefulness and was broken up.
Churches might change their abiding place and steamers grow old and
useless, but the bell was a goo-d bell yet, so it was removed from the Capital
and put in a tower at the corner of Davis and Pacific streets. At that time
the water of the bay came up to that point, and during foggy weather the, bell
was always rung to guide the steamers of the old California Steam Navigation
Company to- their wharves and vessels to their anchorage.
When the Southern Pacific bought out the Navigation Company it wanted
a bell for the ferry depot at the foot of Market street, so the church-steamer
fog bell was moved, and ever since it has rung for the departure of the Oak
land ferry boats. Very few of the inhabitants of California have never
heard it ring out, and many an old-timor who heard it ring in the First Con
gregational Church tower, again on thhe steamers Helen Hensley and Capital,
then as the fog bell at Davis and Pacific, and later in the ferry depot, says its
tones have mellowed with age, and that its prime of life has only just be
gun.
PREACHES FURITY TO THE NATION.
OAKLAND, March 16. — The three days' purity conference at the Y. M. C.
A. Hall, led by Mrs. M. E. Yeats, ended to-day. Mrs. Yeats is the national
evangelist of the department of purity of the W. C. T. U. In her addresses
she told of some remarkable experiences during fifteen years' experience in
prison and rescue work. She is one of the few speakers who can handle del
icate subjects without wounding the susceptibilities of the most refined. The
conference has been under the direction of the local W. C. T. U., and the
attendance at all the sessions has been unusually large. Mrs. Yeats is now
an a national tour.
THE OVEBCBOWDED SCHOOLS.
A Public Meeting Called for Tuesday
Evening. March 29.
ALAMEPA, March 16.— Some time since
a committee of citizens was appointed to
take into consideration the overcrowded
condition of the public schools of this city
and surest if possible some means of
relief. This committee is now ready to
report and a public meeting will be held
on Tuesday evening. March 29 to hear Its
conclusions. The committee^ had a
hard task. It was thought that the Cit>
Trustees might be willing to appropriate
Rufflcient money to permit of the erection
of wings to the school buildings already
in existence but a conference with that
bod? Slosed a decided unwillingness
to do anvthlng of the kind, There was
a!k of recommending the construction of
a a new W b^WInB such
the plan to be submitted by the commit
tel contemplates the calling of an elec
tion to pass upon the question of issuing
$30 ,000 or $35,000 in bonds, with which an
other grammar school can be erected in
the HaSh? district, which d relieve
the pressure on the present building in
that district, which is the one that is
the worst overcrowded.
Teachers and Parents to Confer. -
ALAMEDA, March 16.— There will be a
conference of teachers and parents of
pupils in the ninth grades of the public
.schools at the high school on Friday af
ternoon next. The object is to listen to
suggestions that may be offered on either
Bide and bring about a closer relation
ship between all the parties interested.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, March IC-The Camera
Club will hold its regular m- - ting in its
rooms on Friday evening. Some interest
ing demonstrations will bo made.
The shipyards along the estuary are
very busy, and are employing a large
number of men on new work as well as
on repairs. _
Halcyon Parlor of the Native Sons was
visited' by several of the grand officers
last evening. There was a banquet and
a good time generally.
KILLED BY THE LOCAL.
Fatal Result of Trying to Cross in
Front of a Moving Engine.
BERKELEY, March 16.— Mrs. Amelia
Clark died this afternoon at her residence
on Fifth Street in West Berkeley from the
Injuries which she received yesterday
morning by being struck by a local train
at Berkeley Station. Mrs. Clark was on
her way to her daily employment in San
Francisco and was approaching East
Berkeley Station as the 7 o'clock train
came down from North Berkeley. She
hastened to cross in front of the rapidly
approaching engine as it Is Impossible to
board the car.s from the west sides on
account of the gates which are always
kept closed on that side. She was struck
by the engine, receiving a fracture of the
skull and breaking three ribs. She was
taken into Baer's drugstore and later was
removed to her home, where Dr. J. S.
Eastman attended her.
As a result of the fatal accident to Mrs.
Clark the railroad company will probably
be petitioned to remove tne gates from
the local trains. Similar instances occur
daily and surprise has been expressed
that more such accidents have not oc
curred. Deputy Coroner Streightiff took
charge of the body this evening and will
hold an Inquest to-morrow.
Degrees to Be Conferred.
BERKELEY, March 16.— Recorder Sut
ton of the university has completed an
examination of the records of the candi
dates for degrees at the coming com
mencement. According to his figures
there will be 231 students who will re
ceive degrees as against totals of 157 in
1597 and 129 in 189t>. Of the 231 degrees to
be conferred 189 are bachelor's degrees,
the others being masters and doctors.
Forty-seven per cent of those who en
tered in 1594 as regular freshmen of the
class of '98 will graduate. Besides these,
however, are a considerable number of
recruits from other classes and institu
tions and also students who entered with
the class of '9S as special or limited
students.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, March 16.— The freshmen
at the university intend to challenge the
sophomores to an inter-class chess tour
nament. Presidents Dorety and Cobb will
appoint committees to make the neces
sary arrangements.
The three classes of the Oakland High
School will hold a field day next Satur
day afternoon on the University of Cali
fornia cinder path.
The annual debate between the Berkeley
and Oakland High Schools will take place
at Shattuck Hall on April 8. This is the
second debate between the schools,
Berkeley having defeated Oakland last
year.
PIERCE IS EXAMINED-
Grand Jury Asks the Contra Costa
Man About Alleged Bribes.
OAKLAND, March 16.— The Grand Jury
adjourned this afternoon till next Tues
day. This morning Henry Pierce, presi
dent of the Contra Costa Water Com
pany, was a witness. He arrived before
Councilman Henneberry had been ex
cused, and showed some impatience, but
was told he would have to wait his turn.
Mr. Pierce was before the jury for
nearly one hour. He said he told the
Jurors that his company had not been
paying 3 per cent on the capital invested
for several years. He ventured the sug
gestion that a man should be permitted
to sell water without restriction as to
price, as another man would sell meat.
Councilman Earle was the next witness.
Hcitman and "Watkinson were also in at
tendance, but were not questioned.
Eleven Jurors May Act.
OAKLAND, March 15.— Owing to tfie
continued illness of Juror T. F. Steinmetz
of Alameda, the trial of Supervisor
tuarles Roeth was to-day continued until
the 22d. The counsel on both sides agree
that in the event of his still being unable
to attend they would go on with eleven
jurors.
Plea for Hill's Life.
OAKLAND, March 15.— Governor Budd
will listen to the appeals of W. W. Foote,
M. C. Chapman and Tom Bradley either
on Monday or Tuesday of next week in
behalf of Ben L. Hill, the wife-murderer,
who is sentenced to be hanged early next
month. They claim laat they have much
new evidence to present in behalf of the
condemned man.
Agnew and Griffin.
OAKLAND, March 15.— The next event
of a pugilistic nature among the clubs
here is an eight-round glove contest at
the Acme Club on Friday evening. Lnn
Agnew of the Acmes will meet Nat
Griffin of Oregon. As Agnew won the last
contest and Griffin has a good name, some
good sport Is anticipated.
Bridge Work Begun.
OAKLAND, March 15.— One of the
Southern Pacific Company's dredgers be
gan work in the estuary to-day, off the
foot of Harrison street, scraping up the
mud, that the bridge gang might have
hardpan to work from. Work will be
continued now until the new bridge for
the railroad is completed.
Marsh's Motion Denied.
OAKLAND, March 15.— Fred Marsh's
motion for a change of venue was denied
by Judge Greene and his motion to strike
out certain parts of the complaint of his
wlfo, Mrs. Lillian A. Snyder Marsh, was
continued for another week.
Meld for Burglary.
William Walsh, a sailor, who was clev
erly captured by Policeman Rourke, was
yesterday held to answer before the Su
perior Court by Judge Joaohimson, on a
charge of burglary In $2000 bonds. He
broke Into the house of Mrs. R. a. Evans
1209 Oak street, on March 1, and com
pelled her to give up her jewelry by
threatening to kill her with a bread knife.
John Brown and George Thompson :tli;<s
Riley. were held in $500 bonds earn l>y
Judge Conlan for breaking into the iew
elry store of Rudolph Barth, 141 Post
street, and Frank Anderson was held on
three charges in $2000 bonds on each
charge for breaking into rooms in the
Model lodging house, on Sixth street.
The fac-simile y^ //fyTT*" *?• on every wrapper
signature of .Wuz//)f/<6S2JM& /. . . ** CASTOBIA.
FAIR FOR THE
MASONIC HOME
Will Be One of the Grandest
Affairs Ever Gotten Up in
This City.
The Several Comnriittees That Wil
Have the Management of the
Event Named,
All the committees that are to have the
management of the grand festival and
fair to be given in the Mechanics' Pa
vilion on the Bth, 9th, 10th, 11th, 12th, 13th
and 14th of May next have been appoint
ed, and those that are required to work
previous to the fair are actively engaged
in the discharge of the several functions
assigned them.
This fair, to be held under the auspices
of the several .lasonic bodies and the
Order of the Eastern Star, is to be given
for the purpose of raising funds for the
completion of the Masonic Widows and
Orphans' Home now in course of con-
Btruction at Decoto, Alameda County.
The executive committee, consisting of
Charles JL. Patton, Charles L. Pierce, Dr.
Edna R. Jj'ield. Charles W. Conlisk, Mrs.
Frank W. Pierce, Keuben P. Hurlbut
aim M. H. Waacerwitz, is arranging for
the grandest affair of this kind that has
ever been given in this city, and nothing
will be loft undone that can be done to
make this a social success as well as a
financial one. There will be many booths,
and some of the handsomest decorations
that have ever been arranged in the Pa
vilion, and a great many novel features
will be introduced to engage the atten
tion of tne many who will want to see
the display tha- will be presented. Tne
rollowing are the several committees:
General and reception committee— Charles L.
Patton (chairman), Trowbridge H. Ward (.sec
retary), K. Peabody (treasurer), Charle3 \V.
Conlisk, Harry Aseruft, Mrs. Charles L.
Pierce, A. L. Auradou, A. X. Decourtieux, H.
C. Pasquale, Mrs. Kate J. Willats, K. H.
<.'uuntryman, M. J. Savage, J. AY. Holler, Clai
eni-e Haydock, Samuel H. Kent, James H.
Humphreys, Albert H. Merrill, Kalph Lowe,
Henry L. Davis. K. C. Sutliffe, Tht-odore Fro
lich, H. N. Tiiden, Louis Roesch, Charles Cel
laring James MacMullen, John Tonningsen,
Frank B. Ladd, John H. Gray, Henry Burner,
Dr. O. F. Westphal, Walter N. Brunt, Adolph
Hromada, James A. 'Wilson, Andrew Christen
■pa, Henry C Bunker, N. W. t-paulding. H. A.
Powell, Wilber Walker, Joseph H. Goldman,
tiumuel Swift, William R. Evans, 11. D. Howe,
R. G. Graham, Niles Searls Jr., William K.
Sanborn, A. M. Blade, B. F. Jelltson, O. Gun
zendorfer, John Martin, E. C. Bridgman, E.
D. Thomas, James F. Logan, G. H. L'mbsen,
James M. Troutt, Charles W. Decker, Harry
iiaehr, J. B. Uerritt, Mrs. Perkins, Mrs. I.
Baton, Mrs. S. H. Millberry, Mrs. 1* Ton
ningsen, Mrs. H. M. Wentworth, Mrs. L. War
ner, Mrs. L. H. Church, Mrs. M. Searls, Mrs.
A. F. Hickie. Mrs. L. Christenson, R. P. Hurl
but, C. W. Taber, A. W. Burrell. F. W. Cush
ing, Juhn A. Britton. Mrs. J. F. Logan, Mrs.
A. Hromada, Mra. A. Batkin, Mrs. C. L. P.
Marais, Mrs. Olive EL Schmidt, C. L. P.
Marals, Henry A. Cline, J. L. M. Shetterly,
Krnest K. Head, W. E. Lutz, W. H. F. Titus,
Charles L. Field. Frank Dalton, George
D. Clark, Charles Bone, E. O. Mcßain,
A. A. Batkin, E. Whipple. W. H.
Ford. T. C. Huxley, "W. A. L. Knowles,
H. G. Squler, W. G. Manuel, John A. Beck
with, Edwin H. Hart, George B. McKee, M.
H. Wascerwitz, L. L. Solomons, Theodore
Cohn, S. H. Wagener, Louis Muller, Enill
Rohte, John Fischer, P. D. Code, George M.
Perine, Thomas Anderson, William Edwards,
D. E. Todd, H. C. Blrbe, E. C. Hare. Hiram
T. Graves. E. E. Johnson, P. S. Keller, Albert
B. Cash, Thomas L. Hill, Simon Myrson, O.
W. Chonette, F. T. Faircloth, Prentice C. Hale.
J. C. Sala. James A. Devoto, M. G. Tonini,
Hoy T. Kimball, D. E. Fortin, F. H. E.
O'Donnell. Mrs. M. McDonnld. Mrs. R. Kis
pert, Mrs. George T. Shaw, Mrs. S. Dow, Mrs.
D. L. Steele, Mrs. T. Noah, Mrs. S. I. Hub
bard, Mrs. K. Llnni. George L. Darling, Mrs.
W. Frank Pierce, Mrs. G. Shankland, Mrs. A.
C. Richards, Mrs. A. D. Wilson, R. E. Monck,
Mrs. E. Field, Mrs. H. J. Sadler, Mrs. J. M.
Peel, Mrs. J. S. Emery, Mrs. A. W. Burrell,
Mrs. E. H. Morgan, Dr. C. G. Kenyon, John
H. Gray, V. D. Duboce, Henry Burner, M. V.
Taylor, William Kilmer, Charles L. Pierce,
Edward H. Morgan, G. B. Daniels, Webb N.
Pearce, W. W. Haskell, W. F. G. Moebus, Mrs.
Augusta T. Fletter. James B. Barber, Mrs.
Jessie E. Mills, Edward Lande, Mrs. Lucy
Walrath, H. A. Morln, Benjamin C. Hawes,
J. C. Crooks, George E. Kennedy, W. Harris,
Mrs. D. C. Savage, Mra. Mary E. Patridge.
Publicity and Promotion Committee — Charles
L. Pierce (chairman), Harry Ascroft, A. X.
Decourtleui, M. L. Savage, Samuel H. Kent,
E. C. Sutliffe, W. G. Manuel, L. L. Solomons
John Fischer, George M. Perine, Charles Cel
larius, Frank B. Ladd, Dr. O. P. Westphal
Andrew Christenson, Wilber Walker, H C
Birhe, E. E. Johnson, Ed Lande, J. C. Sala
Harrison D. Rowe. R. O. Graham, A. M. Blade
John Martin. James F. Logan, Harry Baehr,
James B. Merritt, Mra. R, Kispert, Mrs. D L
Steele, Mrs. B. I. Hubbard, Mrs. W. Frank
Pierce, Mrs. A. D. Wilson, Mrs. I. Horton,
Mrs. L. Warner, Mrs. A. F. Hickie, F W
c'ushtng, Mrs. A. Hromada. Mrs. J. M. Peel
Mrs. E. H. Morgan, Victor D. Duboce, M V
Taylor, Ed H. Morgan, Mrs. O. H. Schmidt
Henry A. Cline, Charles H. Murphy. W. F G
Mnebus, Mrs. Lucy Walrath. H. A. Morin,
Benjamin C. Hawes, J. C. Crooks, George E
Kennedy, W. Harris. Mrs. D. C. Savage, Mrs
Kate J. Willats, Clarence Haydock, Ralph
Lowe, H. G. Squler, George B. McKee, S. H
Wagener, Mrs. A. M. Barber, Mrs. Mary E
Partridge, Mrs. K. Linnie.
Booth Committee— Mrs. "W. Frank Pierce
(chairman). Dr. Edna R. Field. Mrs. M. Mc-
Donald. Mrs. R. Kispert, Mrs. George T
Shaw, Mrs. S. Dow, Mrs. D. L. Steele Mrs
T. Noah, Mrs. S. I. Hubbard. Mrs. K. Linnie,
Mrs. G. Shankland. Mrs. A. C. Richards, Mrs
A. D. Wilson, Mrs. Perkins, Mrs. I. Horton,
Mrs. S. H. Millberry, Mrs. I. Tonningsen,
Mrs. H. M. Wentworth. Mrs. L. Warner, Mr?
L. S. Church. Mrs. M. Searls, Mrs. A F
Hickie, Mrs. L. Christenson, Mrs. J. F Logan
Mrs. A. Hromada. Mrs. A. Batkin, Mrs. c!
Field, Mrs. H. J. Sadler, Mrs. J. M. Peel, Mrs
Jessie E. Mills, Mrs. J. S. Emery. Mrs. A. W
Burrell, Mrs. E. H. Morgan, Mrs. CLP
Marals. Mrs. Olive H. Schmidt.
Hall and Decoration Committee— R. P. Hurl
but (chairman), Henry Burner, Joseph H
Goldman. Theodore Frolioh, Mrs. S. D. Church
Mrs. T. Noah, D. B. Todd.
Auditing Committee- Henry Ascroft (chair
man), John L. M. Shetterly, J. W. Roller, N.
W. Spaulding, Mrs. J. S. Emery, P. D. Code
Webb N. Pearce.
Press and Printing Committee — C. W. Conlisk
(chairman), G. B. Daniel?, James MacMullen.
Mrs J. F. Logan, Mrs. H. J. Sadler, Edwin
H. Hart, James M. Troutt.
Badge and Regalia Committee— W. N. Brunt
(chairman), John A. Beckwith, Mrs. Charles
L. Pierce. James A. •Wilson, A. H. Merrill,
Louis Muller, W. R. Evans.
Entertainment Committee — Louis Roesch
(chairman), C. L. P. Marais, Mrs. G. Dorn,
Thomas L. Hill. F. H. E. O'Connell, Mrs. A.
Batkin, Hiram T. Graves.
Military Display Committee— Charles L. Field
(chnlrman). Henry A. Cline, A. W. Burrell,
Albert B. Cash. James F. Logan, Prentice C.
HRle, W. W. Haskell.
Donation and Subscription Committee — M. H.
Wascerwitz (chairman). C. "W. Taber. James
A. Devoto, John H. Gray, Charles Bliss, Mrs.
M. Senrls. Mrs. George T. Shaw.
rnmmittee on Dancing — Roy T. Kimball
(chairman), Mrs. C. L. P. Marals, W. H. F.
Titus, E. K. Head, William Edwards, Emll
Rohte, G. Gunzendorfer.
Superintendent of Building— John Tonning-
A KLONDIKE AT THEIB FEET.
Residents in the Vicinity of Mount
Olympus Excited Over an Al
leged Gold Discovery.
■Why j?o to the Klondike and suffer Its
many dangers when mines are being dis
covered nearly every day in our ' own
Golden State? Is a problem which should
make future travelers to that region stop
and consider.
The latest find of what is believed to be
an outcropping of the mother lode was
made by Contractors Ferris and Williams
while blasting at the base of Mt. Olym
pus in this city a few days ago. As soon
as the discovery of the new gold field be
came known there was an outpouring of
the residents of Ashbury and Clarendon
Heights, re-enforced by prospective min
ors from all parts of the city. People who
could not tell sulphurets from the yellow
metal visited the scene yesterday armed
with prospecting tools of every conceiv
able nature and a fund of Information
which they were willing to impart gratis
to willing ears. One enthusiast after ex
amining a specimen wildly stated that the
ore would run from $150 to $200 per ton.
When the contractors heard this they
immediately went on a quiet hunt for the
expert in the hope of disposing of a few
tons of the street-filling rock to him at a
less figure than his value, but he had es
caped.
A few samples of the rock were taken
to a local assayer for an opinion as to its
value, and his decision is awaited anx
iously by the contractors and the peop'e
living in* the vicinity of the find, who are
indulging in roseate dreams of the untold
wealth lying at their feet.
A caterpillar is so greedy that in one
month it usually devours six thousand
times its own weight in food.
SMALL TROUBLE
BROUGHT DEATH
Suicide of a Young Man Be
cause of Trivial Business
Reverses.
•erdinand Mayer Leaves His Bride
of Three Weeks a Sorrowing
Widow Without Warning.
Because of business reverses Ferdinand
Mayer cut himself off yesterday in the
prime of his youth, only twenty-six sum
mers having passed over his head. Three
weeks ago Mayer stood at the altar with
his beautiful bride of nineteen summers
and promised to love, cherish and protect
her. Yesterday his bleeding body, with a
bullet hole in the right temple, lay on a
slab in the Morgue and the word "sui
cide" was inscribed against his name on
the record.
Mayer had been a partner of Philip
Deller for about two years and trans
acted a restaurant and butcher business
under the firm name of Mayer & Deller,
at 131 and 135 Fifth street. About ten
days ago the partners agreed to dissolve,
the business not having been profitable.
Deller took the restaurant at 135 Fifth
street and Mayer took the butcher shop
at 131 Fifth street, over which he resided.
The dissolution seemed to pray on
Mayer's mind, but it was not thought by
his wife or his friends that he contem
plated doing away with himself. Last
Tuesday at his request his wife borrowed
$500 from her uncle for the purpose of
paying off his share of the debts of the
firm. Two hundred dollars of this sum
were paid out on that day and it was
Mayer's intention to pay the remaining
$300 yesterday. On Tuesday night the
couple retired at about 10 o'clock in good
spirits.
Early yesterday morning Mrs. Mayer
arose for the purpose of admitting John
Bardin, Mayer's assistant, to the butchef
shop. Mayer called down stairs to him
to order a half-gallon of milk from tha
milkman when he came. Mrs. Mayer was
busying herself downstairs about her
household duties. When breakfast was
ready she called her husband, but there
was no response, and she went upstairs.
She was surprised to find that he was not
in the bedroom, but on looking Into tha
clothes closet she saw him lying dead,
huddled up in a corner with the blood
trickling sluggishly from a bullet hole in
the right temple. A revolver in the right
hand of the dead man showed how the
wound had been produced.
Mrs. Mayer was almost insane with the
shock of the terrible affliction which fell
upon her without the slightest warning
and she was taken In charge by her rela
tives.
Coroner Hawkins will hold an Inquest
on Saturday morning.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABKT ST. Established
in 1*54 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctorcureswhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
4"nre)»pii»r»nte*tl. Callorwrlte.
Or. J. F. wIBBOif, Box 1957. .5 an Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
W^l- Steamers leave Broadway
rMr]lWh| wharf, San Francisco:
iSjSpQMtak For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
, l&nnE\en March 2. 7, 12. 17. 22, 27, April
lfiA*Bß \SJH 1. Transferred at Seattle.
IwHCSwS^ai For Alaskan ports (from
' r^"*Bfc§S?SM Ppear street wharf). 10 a. m..
March 2. 6. 10, 14. IS, 22, 28. 30.
~^B Transferred at Portland, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett, ■ Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m., March 2, 7.
vi 17 22 27. and every fifth day thereafter,
connecting at Seattle with company's steam-
era for Alaska and G. N. Ry. at Tacoma with
N P Ry at Vancouver with C. P. - Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m.,
March 3. 9. 15, 21. 27, and every sixth day
1 For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huenems.
Kan Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 a. m., March 2. 6, 10. 14, 13. 22, 2C.
30. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), v
afnvT March 4. 8. 12, 16. 20, 24, 28, and every
fourth day thereafter.
• For Ensenada, Magdalen* Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaynias (Mex.). 10 a. m.. March 8.
April 3, and 2d of each month thereafter. r
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
E TICKET OTMCE-Palace Hotel. 4 New
TICKET OFFICE -Palace Hotel. 4 New
GOODAl r L. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agta..
10 Market street, San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH PAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
r»Dp 512 First Class Including Berth
rAKE g 8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California.. .......Mar. 2. 10, 18, M
Columbia Mar. 6. 14, 22, 30
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to : ,
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market at.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO..
- • ' Superintendents.
SBVaMlffl The S. S. moan a
jIiDIIIL^ 11 vla Honolulu and
I* §C»" aa *" Auckland for Sydney
Jg™"^— «^ Wednesday. March 23.
Q|Ksfpc{|in J aS. I". ZEALANDIA.
■ /^mßTibLl* Wednesday. April 6.
• \vlllf/UiW|2 p. m. Special party
rates.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
T^D V-SV -SP O RECKEL^ & BROS. CO.. Agents.
- 114 Montgomery street. .
Frelgth Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantiqae.
„ French Line to Havre.
, . Company's Pier (new) 42 North jja|,
River foot of Morton st. Travelers <TTrSlf>
hv this line avoid both transit by^**™ *
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class $160;
LA°CHAMPAGNE March 26 10 a. m.
ta - TIOURGOOVE ...April 2. 10 a. m.
It BRE?AGNE^ - April 9. 10 £ m
t a KORM \NPIE April 16
LA GAPCOGNE ....April 23, 10 a. m.
For further particulars a^to^
- • ■ No. 3. Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco. .
DIRECT TO PARIS. LONDON. HAMBURG.
Normannla ..March 24 Columbia May 12
A Victoria..... April 7!Normannia .....May 11
F." Bismarck... .April 2S A. Victoria ....May 2J
First Cabin $75 up. 2d Cabin $4." up. Steerage $30
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE,
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
Pennsylvania. March 2G Patria ..........April 23
p a i at i a April 1 Phoenicia .......May 7
Pretoria ... April 16 Pennsylvania... May 14
First cabin, $60 up: 2d cabin. $40: steerage. $26.
Hamburg-American Line, 37 Brof*"vay. N. Y.
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents Pacific Coast.
401 California St.. cor. Sansome, San Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St.. at 9
■-■-•• p. m. Dally.
FREIGHT RECEIVED Li' TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
: The only line selling through tickets and giv-
ing through freight rates to all points on th*
Valley Railroad. '
... :-■- . STEAMERS:
T. C. WALKER. CITY OF STOCKTON.
MARY GARRATT, J. D. PETERS,
. Telephone Main 805. ; Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer " Montlcello" .
Mon., Tues., Thurs. ana bat
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. • (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays '...............I p. m. and 8:30 p. "m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices — Mission Dock. Pier 2. .
Telejhone, Red 2241.
for San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
Steamer Alviso • leaves Pier 1 • dally (Sunday*''
I excepted) at 10 a. m. ;• Alviso daily (Saturday*
! excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight f and Passengers.
| Fare between San Francisco and Alviso, 60c:
to San Jose. 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 Norta
I First street, Baa Jose.
1112
RECREATION
IN FORM AGAIN
The San Pablo Stake an
Exercise Gallop for the
Fast Filly.
A'varado Furnished a Surprise
by Winning at Odds of
13 to 1.
Three Favorites Reached the Wire
in Front— Bonibel Scored at
Long Odds.
The sweet fllly Recreation ma.de a play
ground of the San Pablo selling stake,
over seven hurdles, decided at Oakland
yesterday. The daughter of Morello was
taken Fast last year by Burns & Water
house with a view of landing the rich
Futurity stake, but a few days before
the big event was to be decided she went
amiss and was shelved for a long time.
She has apparently rounded to, and from
now on will be hard to beat. In yester
day's stake the crack filly was entered to
be sold for $1000, which, according to the
conditions, allowed her in with 105 pounds
up- Highland Ball and Lord Marmion
were the only other starters, and 1 to 5
was the post price against her. Clayton,
on Lord Marmion, went out to make the
favorite slop, but after she had carried
him to the half In :47U and the five fur
longs in 1:00)4 Marmion gave it up. Tne
first choice then won in hollow fashion
by three lengths, in 1:28*4-
The weather lvas cool, but the horses
unlimbered in their preliminary gallops,
and the majority of the races were run in
fast time. The afternoon's proceedings
were enlivened by the clever victories
of Alvarado II and Bonibel at long odds,
while favorites managed to hold their
own by capturing three purses.
Nine started in the opening six-furlong
sprint, and Midian, starting for the first
time in the colors of Tom Ryan, carried
the wise money, being backed down from
7 to 5 to even money. Conley got the
chestnut colt away well, and maintaining
his lead throughout, won easily from Chi
huahua, which, with Baracan, shared the
honors of holding second place in the
betting.
The Burns & Waterhouse entry, Palo
macita, was In strong demand in the ring
during the speculating on the mile and a
furlong run for mares, the big coin send
ing her to the post a 4 to 5 choice.
Treachery, the second choice, with Tod
Sloan in ..ue saddle, had the footing over
her Reid from the start, and finally
downed the favorite with ease. "Skeets"
Martin took the show with Coda.
EL L. Frank, the Montana turfman.
went up and down the line on his colt, B.
Come, the even money favorite for the
two-year-old event at four furlongs. Cash
Sloan pot him pocketed at the start, and
he never proved a factor. Buena Ven
tura led to within fifty yards <>f the wire,
where Bonibel, the Burns <Jc Waterhouse
entry, got up and won by a couple of
lengths. The winner went to the post at
odds of 20 to 1.
The mile and a sixteenth' selling run
proved a proi-^c source of income to the
books, for it went to the 15 to 1 outsider,
Alvarado 11. with the heavily played ones
bringing up behind him. Parthamax was
sent out a 9 to 1 favorite, but displayed
little speed, and ran unplaced. Mamie
Bcott showed first into the stretch, where
phe was overhauled and led past tne
stand a length by tne Sink entry. Key
del Tierra got away with the show hon
ors.
The last race of tne day, a seven-fur
long selling event, fell to McT.ipht. the
even mom*y choice. The chestnut horse
made most of the running, and at the
wire won, hard pressed, half a length in
front of Dr. MarKs. Refugee was a close
third.
TRACK NOTES.
The cases of the suspended riders. Spencer
and Jones, will not come before the Board
of Stewards until next week some time, so it
v.as given out from the stand yesterday.
The bookmakins? ranks are thinning out. But
nineteen firms cut In yesterday. George Rose
now has but one book in the big ring.
Judge Joe Murphy thinks the Burns &
Waterhouse pair. Traversf-r and Recreation,
will be hard to beat in the California Derby,
to be decided in the near future at Ingleslde.
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB - Oakland Track-117th day of the
V-* Winter Meeting. Wednesday. March 16. 1898. Weather cloudy
Track good.
746.
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling:; three-year-olds; purse, $?X>o.
(SSO) Mldlan 107]
72S Chihuahua 109
727 Prompto 107
G2O Estro 107
734 llaracan 97
744 Towanda 107
6."2 Royal Prize 99
731 Magnus 104
527 Tenrica 112
i
o
9
8
| 7
3 Vi
3 V 4
4 2
1 1
6 1
6 1%
9
8 8
7%
2 1
1 h
4 2
3 2
6 3
5 3
9
7 1
8 2
2 3
1 h
6 3
3 %
7 3
4 %
8 2
6 %
9
1 3
. 2%
3 2
4 1
6 4
6 4
. 7 6
8 20
9
H.
oniey
I. Martin....
horpe
lawson
'. Sloan
I. Wilson
iray
8-5
2
6
7
9-5
30
50
30
30
1
4
10
20
4
100
300
300
300
:elly
?. Taylor
Time, 1:15. Winner, T. H. Ryan's eh. c. by Imp. Midlothian- Rossetta. Good start. Won
easily.
*7 A*7 SECOND RACE— One and an
C Tr C • ward; purse, $330.
Index. Horses. Weight. St. Std. >4ri
; mares four years old and up-
i. ■
699 Treachery. 5 103 2
899 Palomacita, 4 103 i 5
706 foda. 6 103j 1
740 Rafaela, 4 103 6
715 Widow Jones, 4.. ..169 4
Herman! ta, fi HHJ \
3 h
6 4
4 1%
6
1 h
2 h
3 1*
6 4
4 %
6
1 1
2 h
2 %
5 6
4 %
6
3 1%
1 h
2 1
3 1%
4 2
6
5 2
1 h
1 h 11
22 2 %
8 hi , 34
6 4 3
5 3 Eh
4 2 6
'. Sloan
8-5
4-5
8
30
10
8
2
4-5
12
100
12
12
H
'horpe
I. Martin
'lawson
Iray
Sontey
Time, 1:56%. Winner. J. G. Brown & Co.'s b. m. by Hanover-Deceit. Good start. Won
cleverly.
748.
THIRD RACE — Four furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $350.
730 Bonlbel 98 1
730 Buena Ventura 107 4
711 Oraibee 100 6
718 E. Come 112 7
721 Bly 104 2
724 Raclvan 98 5
711 Dunpraise 114 8
735 Mldla V 1V 1 3 -
2 3
1 2
4 h
6 2
7 C
6 14
8
3 1
2 3
1 3
5 4
3 h
6 4
4 ¥s
8
7 6
1 2
2 4
3 3
4 1
5 2
6 10
7 4
8
Clawson
Conley
H. Martin....
C. Sloan
McDonald . . .
J. Woods
McKenna
ißeaton
12
3
2
4-5
60
30
50
100
20
6
9-5
4-5
200
60
500
GOO
Time, :49.. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's m. f. by Take Notlce-Talluda. Fair start.
Won easily.
»y A O KOI'RTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds;
4 value, $10f'fl.
Index. Horses. Weight". |St. %m. %m. Str.
San Pablo selling stakes;
Fin. I Jockeys. I Op. Cl.
(728) Recreation 105 j 1 224 14 13 16 13 Thorpe 3-10 1-5
701 Lord Marmion . ... 117 2 lh 26 29 24 22 Clayton 5-2 4
734 Highland Ball ....110 3 3 3 3 3 3 Holmes j 20 50
Time, 1:284. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's b. 1. by Morello-Plcnlc. Good start. Won
easily.
II
2 214
1 h
3
2 6
3
1 3
2 9
3
1 6
2 4
3
1 3
2 2
3
i
1-5
4
60
pypzCk FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
4 OU» i.urse, $400.
Index. 1! MM. |St. Std. 14nv 14m. %m. SU\ Fin. ~\ Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
726 Alvarado 11. 5 103| 3 51 4% 2h 28 14 11 jH. Martin ... 8 15
739 Mamie Scott. 6 93 i 4 41 2h 1 114 1 h 23 214 (O'Connor .... 10 8
TJL> Rey <1"1 Tiorra. 4. 99 : 2 6 1 7 2 6% 3h 3 \ 3h IGray 6 4
Z26 Argentina. 5 107)5 3n lh 3^4 42 43 44 Confey 3 5
739 Paul Pry. 6 98; 7 7h 6h 73 6>,4 63 5 \ McMchols ... 15 40
726 Parthemax. 4 105 1 lh 52 5H 61 52 610 Thorpe 1 9-10
R2 iv.n ("laroncio. «...»]« 8h 10 3 10 4 10 10 910 710 iXarvaez 20 100
739 Twinkle Twink. 4.. 94 9 10 2 B'j 91 7% 7 2 8% Woods 20 2.">
704 Sardou, 4 102 10 9h 92 8% 93 KG 95 Holmes 40 400
736 Outgo, 6 96 8 2h 3li 4 % 8 % 10 10 10 6 Clawson 20 40
... Ranardlne. 5 lOOjll 11 11 11 11 11 11 |Bassinger ... 100 500
Time, 1:48. Winner, W. B. Sink's eh. g. by Amlgo-Santa Margarita. Good start. Won
driving.
f
H. Martin ...
O'Connor ....
/*!
8 15
10 8
6 4
3 5
15 40
1 9-10
20 100
20 2:>
40 400
20 40
100 500
iGray
Conley
McNiehols ...
Thorpe
iNarvaez
I Woods
jHolmes I
jClawson
ißassinger ...|
751-
SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
< 721) McLight. a 113, 6 2V4 2 1 1 h 11 1 h !H.
700 Dr. Marks, 3 91 i 1 3 3h 314 32 2h ;\V«
738 Refugee. 5 108 4 1 " 114 214 2 8 3 3 H. :
720 Gotobed, 3 M 2 7 7 $1 4 2 4 2 IClat
(6»3) "OTleta. 6 lOoi S 6 6 0 4 4 4 5 6 5 15 |Tho;
707 St. Distaff. 4 10215 4 1 4h 5 4 6 3 610 R.
729 RtcardO. a MB ' 5 1 5 3 7 7 7 Wile
Time. VJt. Winner. S. C. Hlldreth's eh. h. by Macduff-Longallght.
•asily.
H. Martin ..
Woods
H. Brown ...
Clawson
Thorpe
Martin .. 7-5
ods 6
Brown ... 2
wson 6
irpe 3
Nurvaez.. 60
son ....... 50
Good start.
6
2
6
I
50
M
1 1
C 5
2 4
6 9
3 8
0 250
0 150
Won
K. Xarvaez..
Wilson
The way the latter fllly Is going at present It
does look that way.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
Flrpt Race — One and a sixteenth miles; four
year-olds and upward: purse.
*73fi Lucky Star 117 736 Metalre 114
729 Flnrlmel 115 1 737 Scarborough ...124
786 William 0'H....124| 686 Sal as 114
722 Mary Xievez ...112 736 Veragrua 121
73fi Miss Ruth 119 741 Pescador 117
736 Don Daniel 121 570 Greenleaf 110
736 Allahabad 114 740 Jay Wheeler ...110
741 Vinctor 124 475 James Porteus..Ho
Second Race— Five furlongs; three-year-olds;
sflllng.
721 Sadie Schwartz. lool 633 Al Koran 110
72(1 Aluminum 107 734 Watomba 105
723 San Durango ..102i 720 Good Friend. .. .108
734 Mnrlnffa 10* ... Tonnary 1U
(710)Mlafl Rowena 105! 717 Abina M»
(717)Mocorito ior>| ... Innuendo lw>
(7"M\"alenrienne ....106 728 Saticoy 105
717 Master Mariner. 1021 727 Little A1arm.... 100
Third Race — One mile; three-year-olds and
upward.
648 Fly . .. .104' (744) Linstock 93
. The Swain 107 . (72".iHohenzollern ...110
I 739 Cromwell 107 (736) Earl Cochran.. .lo4
(702)Orlmar Ufl 788 Masoero 104
744 Duke York 11.. S3! 14 Rapido 1"4
Fourth Race— One an.l a quarter miles; thret
yi-ar-olds and upward; St. Patrick's Day
Handicap: value, $000.
750 Argentina 103' 713 Twinkler 83
743 Flashlight 105 i 747 Palomaclta SS
(737) Senator Bland. .lls] 731 Judge Denny ..103
71! Marplot PS I <732)Limx>!n II 108
Fifth Bauot— FOOT furlongs; two-year-olds.
735 Formero 106 i (730) Semicolon 112
742 Rio Chlco 112 (67fi)Magdalenas ....110
735 Ollnthus 103! (610) El Mido 112
730 Frank Ireland. .loo 663 Rainier 9"
(73S)Mossnrae 1031
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds.
(690)Hurly Burly ...107; 241 Imp. Mlssioner. .lo7
761 Dr Marks 109 734 Melv. Burnham.ll2
(727) Blarney Stone. .U2 1 719 Fonsovannah ...112
(746)Mldian 112' 744 Soscol 104
TO-DAY'S SELECTIONS.
First Race— Vlnctor, Scarborough. Verarua.
Second Race— Miss Rowena, Good Friend,
i Valenclenne.
Third Race— Linstock. Duke of York n. The
i Swain.
Fourth Race— Senator Bland, Lincoln IL
! Flashlight.
Fifth Race— El Mldo, Mossbrae. Formero.
Sixth Race — Fonsovannah, Imp. Mlssioner,
Hurly Burly. __
HOTEL, ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
W W Mackintosh, Seat Mlbb S Bradbury & m,
M Kuhn, N V Chicago
Miss P Johnson, Napa E E Smlthers, Chicago
F L Churchill, Rochtr J B Elsman, w & c,
A E Forbes & w, Mo Chicago
iV H Hopkins. Ohio C Levi, N T
! T Springer, Chicago G B Bingham, Pa
I G Guning & W, Mcx M H Foley, St Paul
I B B Thresher & w, O J P Charming, N V
J W Young & w. Utah J H Shehan & w. N T
E A Young, Clinton j Miss Sheehan, N V
O H Manning, Chicago H N Jensen, U S N
A W Kline Jr, NY F Slosson. Wis
B F Qrlscom, NY A Woods. Wheeling
' Mrs E Reed, Tex M Joseph & w. Ohio
!K C Mason, Chicago T Ewlng &w, Ariz
' F Smith & d, Chicago J T Brooks & w, Salem
i TM Geupel, Evansville; Miss E M Brooks, Or
'R M Bennett, Minn I Miss J T Broks, Or
G F Reynolds. Mich I Miss M A Brooks, Or
E W Runyon & w, Mrs L B Shepard. O
Mich \3 S Tobin & w, Cal
J N Peyton & w.WashG C Christian & w,
F P Sherwood. Wash i Minn
X t'chide, Japan R Ortman & w, ChgO
L W Stockwell, L AngiE H Peaslee, N V
. O T Stone, B C G C Christian, Minn
F T Butler, Toronto Mrs G C Christian.
i J J Byrne, L Ang Minn
A H Castle, Chicago G Bullock. Cincinnati
R R Cable w & m. 111 I Mrs G Bullock, Cincin
J B Waller &w. 11l , J Neusrheler. N V
R O Waller, Chicago M Livingston, Cal
R D Work, Phila E C Maurice. England
1 M C Cook & w, Phila H H Knapp. Napa
Miss Stovel, Phila G S Baker & w, R I
H Lauer, Cincinnati W B Middleton, Londn
AE de Ricques, Colo H Stewart &w, N V
W B Peck. N V Miss M Brown. N V
H Curtis & w, Chicago Mrs J C Hawkins, Pa
GRAND HOTEL.
W S Tinney Marttnes :a F McPhine, Lompoo
G C Hyiitt. Stockton M r.utier. Chicago
R C Mason, Chicago G H Hooper. N V
Mrs B Keed, Texas A Hilbom, Sacto
J \ Folger. Cal T A Grinn, Cleveland
T R Jameson, <"al B H Guyrley, Woodld
C J Schuster, Sonoma J W Knutt, Colusa
H C Veritsch, <"hicago A H S Bird. Placervlle
R Morrison, Indiana G A Pennimnn. Cal
E F MichHll, Indiana J J Pratt, Yuba City
Q W PPltrus. SHRD& E W S Woods, w & c,
H Douglass, Nevada i Stockton
Mrs J H Clement, Kan F H Green, San Rafael
Mrs S A Steel. Kan J Mickle. Philadelphia
T Monaghun. Needles H Frulick. Chicago
L B Burner, Conn L H Elmore. Phoenix
R J Hammond, N V W Miller &w. Or
Miss Hammond. Sacto H B Miller, Or
Mrs W G Uoush. Boise ;J Molera. Spain
W Wallace, Hollister |Miss S Purcell. Cal
. J May, Portland Miss M Purcell, Cal
i A G Hyde. Santa Cruz S N Griftith, Fresno
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
8 Swansoa, lowa M F Hughes. Oregon
I> McConley, N V ;J; J Henderson, Vallejo
J Watson, Napa .' McKaskey&w, (.'hgo
H H Frye, L Ang U Llebe. Vancouver
C I) Bowen, S Jose C Tompkins. Chicago
R Ellnger. Calistoga J Gunzale?, Mexico
D Phillips. Stockton J Lilly & W, Ventura
X A Carpenter. < 'al J N Wnolseef. Neb
C L Leigh, Rio Vista :W D Wilson. Stockton
j" P Moran. Sacto i Mrs Prescott, Cal
W S Brown. Hay wards ' A SternhufT. Bisbee
C Kloch, S Mate.) X Benson & w. Colo
I M Bray Modesto |T L Shanahan. Tucson
J R Powers, Visalia |E Coogan. Milwaukee
' S Peterson, Marys v!llp S Newman. Milwaukee
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J C Crooks, Hay wards A F Tuthill. N V
W H Purnell, Sacto Mrs Tuthill, N V
V T Halnes, Chicago A Betters. Cal
Mrs Haines, Chicago I Rosenthal. Stockton
M Abrames, S Cruz W H Terrell, Illinois
M E Harris, Oakland W J Barrett. I, Ang
P A Brock. Alameda D E Osbourn, Helena
■ G Wilson N Mexico J P Flnegan, Arizona
Mrs Wilson, N Mexico J H IngersiU, Oakland
L W Bonney. Seattle Mrs Ingersoll, Oakland
1 R M Brown, Woodland ' W Doone, Boston
; E Meyer, Tacoma •
THE SAN FRAXCISCO OAIX, THURSDAY, MARCH IT, 1898.
GRIPMEN DODGE
SNOWY SPHERES
Snowstorm and Hilarity
in the Western
Addition.
Frosts Do Unexpected Damage
in Various Sections of
the State.
Peculiar Phases of the Weather Make
Forecasting Difficult— Deep
Fall at Summit.
A white mantle of sleet came down
from the clouds yesterday and fooled
the weather prophet along with the
rest. Not all sections of the city re
ceived the same treatment, for only a
few light 'flakes of snow fell in the
downtown region, and these melted as
soon as they touched the pavement, but
in the Western Addition, Presidio
Heights and Russian Hill districts the
fall was heavy enough to remain on
the ground for some time.
At about 10 a. m. a mixture of snow
and hail began to fall in that part of
the city lying generally between Hyde
street and Central avenue, and kept
coming down until in some places the
depth was two inches. All the roofs
of that part of the city soon assumed
the appearance of having been white
washed, and the small boy was
in his element. On the Jack
son and Clay street lines the grip
men had all they could do to dodge
snowballs, hurled by hilarious urchins.
Even as far eastward as the Powell
street line, in the North Beach region,
the gripmen came in for an occasional
missile. The first intimation the peo
ple in the marts of business had of the
fact that the western part of the city
was experiencing a snowfall was
when Western Addition cars came in
with roofs and platforms covered with
the white material. Then the news
boys crowded round, scooped up great
handfuls of snow and made things
warm for pedestrians, especially those
laboring under the burden of silk hats.
Out in the snow district even the wom
en took a hand in affairs, and those
who jumped aboard cars and went out
there to have a little fun found that
being bespattered with the mud and
slush of a tenth-rate snowstorm was
not so much fun after all.
The weather phenomena observed all
over the State were fully as peculiar
as the local variations. At Eureka and
Red Bluff such a peculiar contradiction
in the weather was observed as heavy
showers during the night and killing;
frosts early in the morning. Scattered
showers fell north of Tehachapi and
around San Diego, though nowhere else
in the southern part of the State.
In Napa and Sonoma counties' there
were severe frosts. Sacramento came
in for a light touch, and along the
coast from Gilroy south to San Luis
Obispo the weather was freezing. It
was also pretty cold in a few spots in
the San Joaquin Valley.
It snowed heavily in the mountains
north and east, and at 7 a. m. the snow
at Summit was fifty inches deep and
six inches in depth in Blue Canyon.
Forecast Official Hammon, who fur
nished the data given in the preced
ing, says the damage done by the frost
throughout the State is not likely to
be great on account of the changeable
ness of the weather. Apricots, al
monds and some varieties of peaches
will suffer the most.
The fall of sleet on Presidio Heights
is easy of explanation. Mr. Hammon
states that a current of cold air passed
between the nimbus cloud and the
earth, and the rain became frozen as It
passed through it. The hail stones were
very large, and are reported to have
broken in pieces as they hit the hard
pavements.
TERRILL WILL
RIDE MARTIN
The California Cycler Accepts
the Australian's Chal
lenge.
Martin Also Wants to Rld« Against
the Running Horse Prince
Hooker.
The challenge of William Martin, the
celebrated cyclist who arrived here last
week from Australia, and which was pub
lished exclusively in The Call Saturday,
seems likely to be productive of a match
race of more than ordinary interest, and
the wheelmen hereabouts may have the
opportunity of seeing this remarkable
"plugger" go against one of our crack
local riders, "Bob" Terrill.
Terrill will accept Martin's offer to race
from one to five miles, best two in three
heats, for a side bet and a purse, and will
ride him In two weeks. The only draw
back to the match lies in the fact that
both are L. A. W. men and cannot race
on Sunday under its rules. The "gate"
at a Saturday afternoon meet might not
pay a promoter to hang up a very attrac
tive purse. But Martin says if the side
bet is large enough he doesn't care a rap
about the purse. The Elmhurst track
people are now dealing with the principals
and hope to bring off the match across
the bay.
As soon as Martin leaves here he is
going south to race the horse Prince
Hooker, whose owner offers all expenses
and $1000 to any cycler who with pacing
can beat the horse three ont of five heats
at from one to five miles. He is a run
ning horse, attached to a sulky, and a
wheelman has got to beat 1:50 for a mile
to defeat him. All the cyclers in the
south, mounted on everything from a
single wheel to a sextet, have been up
against this horse and been beaten. Mar
tin thinks he can do the trick handilly,
however, if he can get pacemakers, and,
as usual, is willing to bet a little of his
own money on the side.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Nnnnan. 1017-1023 Mission.
Visiting the President.
Mrs. George E. Morse and daughter,
Marjorie McKlnley Morse, arrived in
Washington last night, where they will
spend some time in visiting the President
and his family. Mrs. Morse is a niece of
the President.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ARRIVED.
 ~ Wednesday. March 16.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Shea, 114 hours frm San
Diego and way ports.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
USAL— Arrived Mar 16— Stmr Greenwood, fin
Port Los Angeles.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Mar 16— Stmr Laguna,
for Ran Francisco.
PORT BLAKELET— Arrived Mar 16— Schr C
S Holmes, from San Pedro.
THAN.- -ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW. YORK— Arrived Mar 16— Stmr Lahn.
from Bremen.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Mar 16— Str Trave.
for New York.
BSAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year. :
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1605 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. * corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. " m
212. F. and A. M., meets THIS EVEN- «/V_
ING at 7:30 o'clock for second degree. J^JT
By order of the Master. _ ' ~r > ,
E. C. HARE, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. a
M., will meet THIS THURSDAY)
EVENING, March 17, at 7:30 o'clock. IK?*
Third degree. By order of the Master. I~r >
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M., 121 m
Eddy Called meeting THlS,^^^
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at ;::»TT
o'clock. Third D. Master Masons in / >
good standing are invited. By order of
THOMAS L. HILL, W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
YERBA Buena Lodge No. 15, I. O.
O. F. — Initiation TO-NIGHT. _2»_2KSe_
Visitors Invited. "^ajKfe^
GEO. L. PERHAM. N. G. -3W«\^
ABOU BEN ADHEM _-odge No. >s_S__v_,
112, I. O. O. F.- Initiation TO-^3___C«___
NIGHT.
WILLIAM DOUGLASS. N. G. < ?/7 I '^
OFFICERS and members of Soto- «jf^^
yome Tribe No. 12. Improved Order n_*M^»»
of Red Men, are requested to as- ____*■
semble in their wigwam TO-DAY" at 1:30 p.
m., to attend the funeral of our late brother,
FRED TAMM. ■
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from John E. Burton, in the Green
Mountain mine, near Mokelumne Hill, Cala- ]
veras County, to deposit tailings In Chile
Gulch; from the Harville Mining Company,
In the Harvllle mine, near Placerville, El Do-
rado County, to deposit tailings in Martinez
Creek; from A. B. Jacks, in the Badger Hill j
mine, near Spanish Ranch, Plumas County,
to deposit tailings in Spanish Creek, and
from the Star of Plumas Water and Mining
Company, in the Star of Plumas placer mine,
near Buck's Ranch, Plumas County, to de- |
posit tailings In a ravine, gives notice that
a meeting will be held at room 53, Flood
building. San Francisco, Cal., on March 28,
1898, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL MEETING— regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Western |
Sugar Refining Company will be held at the •
office of the company, 327 Market St., San
Francisco. Cal., on MONDAY, the 28th day
of March, 1898, at the hour of 12 m.,
for the purpose of electing a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Friday, March
18, 1898. at 12 o'clock m. " ■"*!.
ROBERT OXNARD. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow-shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc.. very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
ALVINE HALL and assistant, genuine cabinet
baths. 15% Turk st. and 1118 Market, rooms
15-16.
MISS L. STANLEY, manicure and alcohol
baths. 7 Grant aye.. rooms 1-2-3.
MISS MAY'S genuine massage, baths, alcohol
■ and Turkish. 536 Kearny St., room 9.
! MRS. DR. NlCE— Genuine steam vapor cabi-
net baths. $1. 17A Sixth St.. room 1.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st. !
! ANIMALS, birds and reptiles bought, sold
and exchanged. Address FRANK C. BOS-
TOCK. the Zoo, San Francisco.
i MRS. SHELDON, genuine steam and cabinet j
baths. 906 Market St., room 22. I
! BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made; ;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. room 6; tel. 5580.
I MRS. STEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
. baths. 120% Geary st., room 11.
! ROOMS papered, $2 50 up; whitened. $1 up. I
2808 Twenty-fourth st., or 239 Third st.
MRS. DR. FISH. rm. 2. 116 A Grant aye.; elec-
trician; alcohol, Turkish baths; unrtvaied.
CHEAPEST and be?: in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United j
. States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage j
free. ■
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 79 (50c per share) of the.
Oceanic Steamship Company will be payable
at the office of the company on and after |
FRIDAY, April 1. 1898. Transfer books will j
close on Saturday, March 26. 189S, at 12 |
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Dividend No. 53 (forty
i cents per share) of the Hutchlnscn Sugar !
Plantation Co. will be payable at the office ;
of the company, 327 Market St., on and after i
Monday March 21, 1898. Transfer books will
close on Tuesday, March 15. IS9B, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED—FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS cook and waitress, mother and
daughter, Americans, desire situations; coun-
try preferred. PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT CO.,
766 Market st.; telephone Black 226.
NEAT housework girls, second girls, wait-
resses, nurses desire situations. PACIFIC
EMPLOYMENT CO., 765 Market St.; tele-
phone Black 226.
2 NEAT young girls desire situations, chamber-
work, in country hotel. PACIFIC EMPLOY-
MENT CO.. 765 Market st.
A NO. 1 cook, 2 years' reference from last
place, desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT
_ CO., 316 Sutter st. _____
GERMAN Employment Office. MRS. LAM-
BERT, 417 Powell St., tel. Main 5332. fur-
nishes most reliable help of all nationalities.
SITUATION wanted by a German general
house servant, an excellent cook and laun-
dress; city references. 1023 Market st.
RESPECTABLE American woman greatly in
need of work and good home; temperate;
good worker; do any kind of work; refer-
ences; light wages. 664% Howard St., room 20.
POSITION wanted as cashier In restaurant by
young German lady; has experience; refer-
ence; no objection to small pay. Address 150
' Fourth st. .■:--/.-: ;;:-'•:;.";■
EXPERIENCED woman wants work by the
day, washing, ironing, cleaning or would do
chamber work; terms reasonable. 325 Pros-
pect aye.
FIRST-CLASS fitter. stylish draper and de-
signer : thorough dressmaker; $3 50 per day.
MISS WARWICK. 830 Geary St.
RESPECTABLE colored woman wants a posi-
tion as a first-class cook in a private fam-
ily or small boarding-house. 1024 Jackson st.
SITUATION wanted by an experienced nurse
- to care for young children; also first-class
chambermaid; reasonable. Call 259 Stevenson.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes posi-
tion to do general housework or cooking:
steady; good references. Box 2063. Call office.
2 SWEDISH girls want situations to do gen-
eral housework in American family; good
cooks. 603 Washington St.
I WANTED— Second work by willing young
Swedish girl in American family. Call or
address L. P., 12 Rltch st.
SITUATION wanted by a girl to do general
housework and cooking; city or country. 1236
Bush st. '
I GIRL wishes situation to do general house-
work; small private family. 858 Halght st.
REFINED lady with good references wishes
situation as housekeeper. . Call or address
34% Turk St., room 15.
NEAT strong German girl wishes to assist
in light housework; aged 16 years; wages
$10. Please call at 913 Buchanan st. '
_T¥LISH dressmaker wishes engagements;
$150 per day; suits made In 2 days: good
fitter. Address L.. 1941 Mission St., city.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker desires a few more
engagements; good cutter and fitter; 51 2o
per day: no objection to country. Address
box 2036, Call. -,■ .
EXPERIENCED ladles' nurse, 110 per week.
Apply 215 Polk st. ■';..' ...■'"■
EXPERIENCED dressmaker, first-class fitter
and designer, wishes a few more engage- i
ments ; price $1 25. Address 105 Van Ness aye.
SWEDISH girl wants situation to do _ general
housework in an American family. 2.67
Twenty-first St.
LADY desires position as housekeeper, nurse
or traveling companion; city or country. Ad-
dress 131 Montgomery st., room 21.
PROTESTANT woman wishes position as cook
or will do general housework In small fam-
ily. 1153 Howard st. ■
SCANDINAVIAN lady wishes a place as
housekeeper in small family: best of refer-
ences. Address 626 Post st. :
ELDERLY American wishes situation to do
housework; city or count ry; good plain cook;
$10 per month. 1C65 Market st. ; no postals.
YOUNG lady wishes ; situation as housekeeper
or to do plain mending. ■;: 126 Fourth st. rm. 23.
YOUNG lady wishes i situation as housekeeper
or do chamber work. Call 123 Taylor st.. r. 2.
SITUATIONS V ANTED— Continued.
SITUATIONS wanted by experienced and thor-
oughly reliable general house servant; excel-
lent references. 1020 Market st.
RESPECTABLE young girl desires situation to
do up stairs work. Pleape call 3200 Mission st.
SPANISH woman wishes to do second work
or care for children; neat and willing; refer-
ence. 7.<4 I-jI -j Harrison St., near Fourth.
SITUATION wanted by widow as house-
keeper. 2524 Mission st.
COMPETENT dressmaker wisheii engage"
ments; $1 50 per day; suits made In two
days; good fitter. Address 36 Lexington aye.
RESPECTABLE woman for cooking or limit
wi rk; city or short distance in country; good
references. Please call or address 20 Clipper
St., between Church and Dolores, 25th & 26th.
WOMAN wants situation to do general house-
work; good plain cook; kind to children:
good references. 26 Minna St., bet. First
and Second.
SITUATION wanted by a young married wo-
man with a child V months old; a place in. a
private family; wages not so much an object
as a home. Cal! or address MRS. M. JOHN-
SON, Newport Hotel, room S, corner Frank-
lin and Oak sts.
YOUNG German woman wishes working house-
keeper's position or to do plain mending.
_8198 Howard St., room 3.
PRACTICAL and thoroughly flrst-class ladles'
tailor from Paris, London and New York,
with some good experience in cutting and
fitting, wants a situation in a tlrst-clasa
house. Box 1600, Call office.
WANTED — By trustworthy woman, a situa-
tion as chambermaid; city or country. 110
Sixth st.
YOUNG lady wishes situation as housekeeper
or do chamber work. 989 Howard Bt., cor.
Sixth, room 14.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
■"ar.t ads and subscriptions raken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best heip and
Northern Hsclng Co. 1808 Polk; tel. Polk 422.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Ofnce; house
cleaning; tel. Grant 56. Geo. Aokl, 30 Geary.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau — Choice help;
_tel. East 777. SOS Geary st.
JAPANESE employment office: work day,
hour or evening. 122^ O'Farrell; tel. Davis 605.
EDUCATED single coachman^ flrst-class
horseman and good house worker, strictly
sober, willing and obliging, undeniable refer-
ences, many years with one family, desires
private work as coachman in California, Ad-
dress box __3. ( 'all office.
SALESMAN — Position desired as traveling
salesman by young man; 8 years' experience;
good specialty man or can handle any line;
unquestionable local and Eastern references.
Address box 2072. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER, aged 26, 7 years' experience,
references, desires position with manufactur-
ing or wholesale concern; moderate salary,
with chance for advancement. X., box' 1 25,
Call office.
YOUNG man desires position with private
family; understands the care of horses; can
milk and attend garden; references. Address
box 2062, Call office.
GERMAN horticulturist, competent In every
branch of gardening, wishes a situation; pri-
vate garden preferred. W. KLETT, 417 Har-
rison st.
JAPANESE wants situation as a waiter and
housework; has references. S. X., box 2073,
Call office.
THOROUGHLY experienced orchardist, wel\-
posted on fruit raising, grafting and prunln,?
trees, cultivating, irrigating, able to rais >
young fruit trees which, without protection
will stand hot weather, desires position as
working foreman on orchard or new to start
orchard: single, sober, reliable man, 45 years
old; references. Address Orchardist, box 2131,
• 'all office.
WELL - EDUCATED German, middle - aged,
short time from home, wishes position as
helper in private place; understands gar-
dening, caring of horses, etc. ; peeking more
a good home Instead of high wages. Address
box 2133, Call.
YOUNG man desires situation to drive milk
wagon. C. C, box 2147, Call office.
MAX and wife wish work in hotel; wife to do
genenil work, man as bartender or
night clerk; 10 years' experience; reference.
Address A. L., general Postofflce, Alameda.
WANTED — By experienced Danish couple: wife
an excellent cook and houseworker; man to
attend horses; city or country; best refer-
ences. Box 2135. Call ofSce.
EDUCATED, experienced coachman desires
work In private family; strictly sober. will-
Ing and obliging: best of references. Address
box 2132. Call office.
YOUNG man of 30 would like a position In
hotel as night clerk, night watchman or
houseman, having- had six years in large
Eastern hotel. Box 2142, Call.
LADIES' tailor wants cutting position; 6 years'
experience in the East on fine work; good
appearance. Box 2139, Call office.
STEADY" young man, one month in the city,
can do indoor work or round yard and care
horses. 315% Jessie st.
MIDDLE-AOED gentleman, fully conversant
with English and German, wants employ-
ment either as salesman, correspondent or
general utility man: no objection to going
out of town. Address box 2119, Call Office.
TOUNG man wants situation as gardener or
to take care of horses; handy about the
house. 7C9% Buchanan st. ; best of references.
RELIABLE boy, age 16. residing with his
parents. German, wants to learn a trade or
work in store; best of references. Address
box 210S, Call ■ office.
SOBER, industrious man, thoroughly under-
standing care horses, harness, carriages,
cows, fowls and garden, wants situation;
references; wages $2.1. Ad. M. C 763 Mission^
SITUATION as watchman; care of horses;
references. W., box 6. Call Office. Oakland.
HARNESS maker wants situation; city or
country. 953% Howard st.
MAN wishes position as cook in hotel or board-
ing house; country preferred. Box 2053. Call.
WINCHESTER H'-use, 4i Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night; $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from fer ->-.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
WANTED — For a nice hotel, Monterey County,
plain laundress and assist chamberwork, $20.
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay St.
NEAT young woman cook for a small board-
ing-house, $30. no baking. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
IRONER, ladies' clothes. $1 25 a day. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary St.
6 HOUSEGIRLS. $25: S housegirls, $20: 8 girls.
$15 to $IS. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary.
CASHIER for a restaurant, $25; 5 restaurant
waitresses. $5 a week; 4 hotel waitresses,
city, $2n; arm waitress, $18; waitress, Fresno
$25, San Jose $20, Santa Barbara $20, and
Redondo Beach $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
108 Geary St.
CHAMBERMAID. $20. fare advanced. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
8 WAITRESSES for Southern California water
resorts, $20 each. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
108 Geary St.
2 LAUNDRESSES, private families. $25 and
$30; 2 German and French chambermaids, $20
and $25; 3 second girls, $20 and $25; 2 lroners
In laundry. 525; 4 cooks, $25 and $30; cook,
private boarding-house, $25; 6 waitresses,
hotels, $1S and $20; dishwasher. $1J; and a
great many girls for cooking and housework.
J. F. CROSETT * CO., 316 Sutter St.
MOTHER and daughter or friends, $35, city;
nurse, $25, country; nurse, city, $20; 2 second
girls, 525 and $20; chambermaid and wait-
ress, $20; 15 housework girls, city and coun-
try, $20 and $25; 8 young girls, assist, $10 to
$15. MISS CI'LLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FRENCH lady's maid. $20. MISS CULLEN,
[ 325 Sutter st.
COOK, $30, American family; German second
girl, $20; German housegirl, $25: Irish girl,
$25; middle-ased woman, country, $20: pirl,
light work, $12. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter.
SE''i>ND girl, Oakland. $25; see party here.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
INFANT nurse. $25, call early; housegirl. i 'ak-
land. $20; housegirl, Berkeley, $20. MRS.
NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
LADY' office cashier; office matron, go Seattle:
also one for Tacoma and Spokane, $8 at
start. 313 Bush st.
Q_OVE saleslady, trained nurse, salesladies,
office clerks to register. 313 Bush st.
2 FIRST-CLASS trimmers, $75 and $S0: 2 young
ladies, tailoring establishment; 3 lady ticket
agents. 313 Bush st.
CLOAK salesladies, 6 salesladies, 5 factory-
hands, tailoress, seamstress. 1023 Market st.
Cooks, >"_■; chambermaids, $25; pantry girls,
stewardess, waitresses, pastry cook, laun-
dress, scrub girl. 1023 Market st.
20 GIRLS wanted for various good places to-
day, at 1023 Market st.
CLOAK and suit house salesladies: experienced
hotel stewardess; typewriters. 1023 Market.
| AT once, young girls for housework, $20, $15.
MRS. LAURENCS, SM Butter St.
' GIRLS of all nationalities wanted to fill vari-
ous positions. MRS. LAMBERT, 417 Powell.
EXPERIENCED hand and also apprentices
for dressmaking. Call 845 California Bt.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— have a few vacant machines
for a limited number of inexperienced opera-
tors on white and fancy shirts. Standard
Shirt Factory, corner Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— 25 to 35 for light house-
work; can learn dressmaking; good home for
right party. Call after 12 at 116 Taylor st.
GIRL to assist housework and take care child.
200 San Jose aye.. corner Twenty-fourth, be-
tween Valencia and Guerrero sts.
EXPERIENCED makers and ' apprentices on
gloves and suspenders. Apply CARSON
GLOVE CO.. 35 Market st.
GIRL wanted for general housework; 3 chil-
dren: $10. Call early, corner San Bruno
Road and Selllman st.
NEAT young girl to assist with light house-
work and baby: German preferred; wages
$7-SS. Call 737 Pine st.
GIRL, general housework and cooking; 3 In
family: references. • Call after 10 a. m. at
1544 Bush st. ■
WANTED— Reliable woman for general house-
work; must be good cook. Call bet. 1 and
4, 421 Ashbury st.
GIRL for light housework and cooking; must
sleep home; no washing. 1234 Bush st.
GIRL for housework; wages moderate. 1213
Hampshire St.. near Twenty-fourth. -
GIRL wanted to cook, must be good cook, $20.
1522 Post st.
YOUNG girl for light housework. 1413 Scott.
WANTED — Good finisher on custom coats.
. ROTHMAN, 170 Tehama St.. upstairs.
COMPETENT girl for general housework. 2627
California St., near Scott.
WANTED— A strong, clean Protestant girl for
general housework. 2712 Folsom st.
WANTED— on custom coats. Room
107. Phelan building.
WANTED— Neat American girl to assist In
dining room and kitchen. 103 Bartlett St.
WANTED— about 15, help with children;
$8 and room. 1324 Mission at.
EXPERIENCED girl to work on vests. 14
Harriet st.
GERMAN girl for general housework and one
to mind baby. Call 1717 Post 6t.
GERMAN and American cooks, $25 and $20.
MRS. SPENCER, 1321 Park St., Alameda.
WANTED — Strong, experienced chambermaid.
Call at 321 Ellis st.
ROOMS, respectable house, from 25c night and
$150 week. 142 Seventh: central.
GERMAN girl for general housework; plain
cooking; wages $18. 417 Central aye., bet.
Hayes and Fell sts.
WANTED— GirI; assist light housework; good
home and wages. Call 2693 Mission St.
NEAT young girl to care for children; German
preferred. 1830 Eddy st.
GIRL to wait In small restaurant. Apply
1631 Market st.
NEAT young German or Scandinavian girl
for general housework; small family; wages
$20. 2111 Central aye.. Alameda.
FIRST-CLASS sk4rt maker who understands
skirt fitting. Address Skirt, box 2105, Call.
FIRST-CLASS hair dresser wanted at 111
Stockton st. G. LEDERER.
OPERATORS on steam power sewing machines
to make Levi Strauss & Co.'s riveted cloth-
ing. Apply MR. DAVIS, 32% Fremont st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free: patterns 25c. MCDOWELL'S. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School, 1070 Market
st.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
DR. WISE, the" ladies' specialist, 14 McAllister
St.; monthly troubles, private diseases, ' etc.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
31 ALE help WASTED.
17.000 MEN r-
Were given positions last year from our
(MURRAY & READY'S) employment offices.
Here are a few positions we offer to-day:
6 miners, $2 50 day; IS laborers, exceptional
good place in Marin County, $1 60 day; 23
farm, orchard and vineyard hands, $26. $25. i
$20 and $13 per month and found; 7 milkers, i
$25, $20 and $15 per month and found; 3 but- 1
ter makers, $25; 175 more woodchoppers, $1 25, I
$1 and 70c cord; 654 tie makers, tie, 9c and 10c I
each; 3 ehoreboys for ranches. MURRAY & !
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay st.
7 COOKS 6 WAITERS
4 DISHWASHERS
2 bakers for different places, from $50, $40,
$35, $23, $20 and $15 per month and found.
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
EVERY LABORER IS WORTHY ■ —
Of his hire; machinist, city shop, $2 75 day:
■ machinist, country shop: blacksmith's helper,
country shop; harness maker for a ranch, $30
and found; foreman for a scraper outfit; gar-
dener for a nursery; 3 solicitors, city dairy;
5 head and 6 second choppers, $45 and $40 per
month and found; also 9 bark peelers' for :
same sawmill corporation, $30 and found: see I
boss here at our offices. MURRAY & !
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay St. _.
EMPLOYERS OF HELP '■
Why are we the leading employment agents
on the Pacific Coast? Because we personally
attend to each order, large or small, while
many other employment agents leave their
business to inexperienced clerks. Employers,
send us your orders. We will send you first-
class help free of charge. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay st. Telephone Main SS4S.
8 WAITERS for Los Angeles, $11 50 a week,
see party here 9:30. a. m., fare advanced;
waiter, north, $25, fare advanced: 2 waiters,
$25; waiter, country restaurant, $25 and room;
boarding house, city. $20; oyster house, $8 a
week; lunch waiter, $4 a week. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
FRY cook. Los Angeles, see party here 9:30
a. m., fare advanced, $16 a week; restaurant
cook, $70; boarding house cook, $30. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
; . ___ _
COLORED porter for a store in Oregon, $15 and
found, see party here. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
, . .
2 IRONERS, country, $30 and found; marker
and distributor, $30; starcher, $30. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
SHOVELERS for a mine, $1 a day and board,
pee party here; circular ■ sawyer. $60 and
board; 30 woodchoppers for Yolo and Mendo-
cino Counties, $1 25 a cord: Sonoma County,
$1 70 a cord. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st.
WANTED— Ranch foreman and wife, $45 to $50;
. buttermaker. $30 to $35: separator man, $40;
laundryrr.an and wife, $60; 2 laundrymen, $35
and J25; carriage painter. $2 day; ship car-
penters, woodsmen, $30, $35, $40 and $45; print-
ing press machinist, $3 day; blacksmith's
helper, $40. and others. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook, family hotel, $65; second
cook, $40: Amercan cook, Protestant Insti-
tution, 535: cook, small chophouse^ $8 week:
cook on farm, $20: restaurant cook. $40; 3
waiters, $25 and $35. and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Butter maker and salesman for
cream depot In city, no milking, $30 to $35 and
found: 2 farmers, $20; milkers and choremen;
middle-aged man of good appearance as door-
keeper for institution, $10 and found; cook for
institution, $30 to $35, no baking; dishwasher,
small country hotel, $15; and others. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 626 Clay Bt. .
WATCHMAN, married: Janitor; steamboat
clerk; hardware specialty salesmen; grocery
clerk; German barkeeper. Register at 313
Bush st. ■
MAN and wife to manage Seattle business as
manager and correspondent; $80 at start and
percentage. 313 Bush st.
ASSOCIATE active business man; take charge
branch cash business Sacramento. 313 Bush.
INVESTIGATE the list of lucrative commer-
cial orders ■at the Exchange, 313 Bush st.
COME to-day and see the orders for reliable
men wanted. 313 Bush st.
WANTED— A first-class carpet and upholstery
salesman to take charge of a - department.
313 Hush st. < .■
GERMAN barkeeper. $13; practical gold and
silver electro plater, $3. 313 Bush St.
YOUNG man. general merchandise store; office
manager; hardware specialty salesman. 313
Bush st.
GROCERY clerk; Mexican saddle stamper; do-
mestic goods salesman and drygoods. 313
Bush st.
SWEDISH or German man past middle-age to
make himself . generally useful In a small
family; 30 minutes from city; wages $6 a
month; comfortable place to right party.
Leave address at box 2012, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER, capable, with some . mechan-
ical knowledge preferred : wages moderate;
permanent. Box 2008, Call office. ■
WANTED — First-class all - around carriage
painter immediately. Inquire of G. W. FOX,
- Hunter st., Stockton.
5 MEN and 1 blacksmith, also ■ seamen for
Alaska. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
YOUNG German to help on milk wagon. 1507-
1509 Broderick st., near Sutter. .
DISHWASHER, old man; 23c per day, with
room. 1407 Valencia st. '
WANTED— 2 tinsmiths. Apply GEORGE H.
TAY CO., 616 Battery st.
BOY to work in kitchen and wait on table, $15
.-■ month; boarding house. J 739 Fourth st.
WANTED— cook. Call at 16 Post st.
WANTED— cook at 830 Howard st. .
HELP WANO^D— Continued.
WANTED — Expert machine engineer to con-
tract to build machine. Apply 310 Hayes gt.
TAILOR wanted. 922 Seventh St.. Market-st.
Station, Oakland.
BARBER shop for sale; half cash, half install-
ments. {804 Larkin st. ■ —.f
— "~ ' q
SHOEMAKER on repairing. 668 Howard st. * J
MECHANICS wanted — Shipwrights, ship
smiths, chlppers , and calkers, shlpfttters.
•shipfltters' helpers, holders on riveters, tin-
ners, coppersmiths, boat builders and spar-
makers Apply at once at U. S. Navy Yard.
Mure Island. Cal.. with -roof of American
citizenship.
Al LADIES' tailor and operator. DAVIDSON
& MILLER. 731 Market st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy: able-
bodied, unmarried men. between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States; or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 6 inches and 6 feet in height.
For further Information apply at the re-
cruiting office, 20 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Al dress goods salesman. Ap-
ply 523 Market St., room 7. from 2 to I p. m.
GOOD canvasser wanted— Geary St.. room 2.
BARBERS— Great bargain; 2-chair shop. 3 tubs;
near car house; old place; cigars and laundry
pay rent alone: no reasonable offer refused;
owner leaves the State. Apply at Call office.
WANTED— men to occupy clean rooms; I
nights 2Ee or 75c week. 105 New Montgomery.
BARBER shop: established 10 years; great
bargain: owner leaving for Europe. Apply
Eg] Geary st.
BARBERS— Good shop In country at a bargain.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis St.
ENTRY clerk for wholesale clothing house:
state age, experience, references. Write box
2107, Call office.
WANTED— First-class ladies' tailor; no other*
need apply. VERDIER, 944 Geary st.
MAN able to speak German or French In wine-
house as barkeeper; also must know how to
sell goods Indoors: only one of go, charao-
ter need apply. Box 1495. Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 '.third :t.; 150 large
rooms; 26c per night: $1 to M per week.
WANTED— Montana House, 764V4 Mission
Bt.. men to take rooms: 10e, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week. •
FIRST-CLASS machinist— Highest wages to a
first-class workman. H. GHANG, machine
works, 105 Fremont st.
BARBERS' Ass' 11 FreesEmploym't Office. 8.
FUCHS, Sec., 825 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 13«.
PROGRESSIVE Barbers' Free employment. H.
BERNARD, Secy., 102 7th: tel. South 623.
MEN to leaj.,l barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 13SV» Eighth st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from he ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Rooms 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
MARKET. KM (Elcho House I )— Rooms 20c. 25e
to 50c per night: $1 to $2 week.
WANTED To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; 51 a week.
LARKIN. 615— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED— Agents to sell Murat Halstead's
great Cuba book; all about Cuba, Spain and
war; great excitement; every one buys It; 1
agent sold S7 in 1 day: another made $13 In
1 hour; 600 pages; magnificent illustrations,
photographs, etc.; low price; we guarantee
the most liberal terms: freight paid; 20 days'
credit: outfit free: send 6 2-cent stamps to pay
postage. THE BIBLE HOUSE, 324 Dearborn
Ft.. Chicago.
FURNITURE WASTED.
PARTNER to attend to office and telephone;
male or female; very small capital. A. 8.,
Call office branch, 621 McAllister st.
PARTNER wanted with $4000 in a first-class
family hotel. Box 2071, Call office.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion st. ; tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery rt. : highest prices palii. T-^ lMyl« '»
FURNISHED HOUSES \v WMiv
AAA— Modern 8 or 10-room residence, near town
as possible; will furnish bonds if necessary;
2 In family: 1 year's lease. 313 Hush st.
R00..1S WASTED.
2 UNFURNISHED rooms for housekeeplr^-
wanted by widower in private house; Pl'Tf W
for stove; rent not higher than $6 mi>n."l.«
Box 2064, Call office. *
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
HOME in refined. family for boy of 9: no other
children. Box 2013, Call office.
W ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— entire outfit for a small book
bindery. Box 2138, Call office.
WANTED— A good second-hand gasoline
. launch. Lock box 329, Red Bluff. Cal.
WANTED— goats for feeding the .animals.
Address the Zoo, Chutes, city.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver. cast-oft
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third. .
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles — C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc. : babies adopted travelers treated; no
delay: self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DA VIES, 69
McAllister st.; pills. $2.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once; safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid; Instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home in confinement;
best care and privacy: for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills and capsules, $1.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 918 Post St., nr. Larkin.
DRS. GOODWIN, 401 Van Ness Ladies,
near or far, consult free the only doctor who
uses Sehenck's method, the celebrated French,
physician: a safe, sure and reliable cure for
all Irregularities from whatever cause; re-
stores strength and vigor of organs; unex-
celled; 15 years' practice; maternity home;
best skill, low fees; pills. $2.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female v
diseases: a home in confinement, with best 1
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a ■ true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER, 226 Turk St.
SURE cure, when others fail; no medicine or
Instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian 'for female troubles, no matter what
cause; restore in 1 day; never falls; consulta-
tion free; can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause): no instruments. used: cure at of-
fice, $5: consultation free: hours 10 to 5. DR.
AND MRS. KOHL, 1118 Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers — Seguro; price)
SI 50. RICHARDS St CO., 406 Clay St.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure: $2 50;
express C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
DR. HALL. 59 McAllister St.; diseases of w(k
men and children. ;
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: infallible, safe rem-
edies: 38 years' experience. 254% Fourth st.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
~~- ATTORNEYS AT LAW. ~~~
ADVICE free: divorce laws specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections, wills,
probate, Insolvency, deeds, . damages mort-
gages, copartnership, bills-of-sale, patents,
trademarks, etc.; established 10 years. G W
HOWE, att-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successfulT
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
SUMMER RESORTS.
ELEGANTLY furnished hotel in Mill Valley,
30 rooms, baths and all latest Improvements;
beautiful grounds; unsurpassed view; - only
% hour from San Francisco: rent low. Pa-..
tlculars. MADISON & BURKE. 62S Mark! ■
BICYCLES. ~~~ ~~* '•
TO First-class " rifle for a bicycle
good repair. ■ A. 8.. box 2070. Call office. '
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. oflTce and residence,"
1206 . Market; diseases of women a r spcclalto*.BUSINESS CHANCES.
$225— PARTNER wanted by a lady in pork and
delicacy store; choicest location; close to
Market St.; doing first-class paying business;
rare chance for good man. Inquire WILKE.
"S3 Market st.
A— slsoo; old-established saloon with 15 fur-
nished rooms; doing a first-class paying busi-
ness; choicest location; close to Ellis and
Market sis. ; net rent only $40; will sell or
exchange for property. Inquire WILKE, 783
Market st. -
$1500— Old-established and first-class paying sa-
loon, with living-rooms, close to Kearny and
Sutter sts.; actual value $2000; owner
compelled by sickness to sacrifice. WILKE,
"S3 Market st. j
A— s7so; OLD established restaurant, 1 block I
from cor. Fourth and Market; kept by owner
years and doing a rushing, good paying busi-
ness; investigate soon. WILKE. 753 Market.
SALOON; daily receipts $10; value in
Bight; a snap. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary st.
A— s4oo; RESTAURANT; nicest little place In 1
city; $15 to $25 dally. KREDO & CO., 22%
Geary st. •
A— ssoo; FRENCH restaurant; well worth $1000;
value in sight; good steady business. KREDO
& CO., 22% Geary st.
A— s2so; HOME bakery: bargain at $500; noth-
ing like it ever offered. KREDO & CO., 22%
Geary st. ■ 2_
A— s4so; SALOON, near city; clears $150.
$500— Saloon and lunch, near theaters; snap.
JCSO— Saloon; best corner north of Market.
Money loaned. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary st.
— DAY saloon; established 25 years; among
wholesale houses: value of stock fully $2000;
business speaks for itself; full Investigation;
an Al proposition. Apply at once to M. LESS,
765 Market st. • . ■ .-v«s ;:
FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale In very
best suburban town across the bay; located 1
on corner of two of the most prominent
streets; practically without opposition in its 1
neighborhood; positively clearing $200 to $250 i
per month: owner there for over seven years I
and offers his business at a great sacrifice on I
account of departure north; no reasonable
offer refused. M.. LESS, 705 Market at.
$700— RESTAURANT in largest manufacturing
district of this city; receipts $55 per day;
proof furnished and trial given if you mean
business; rent only <30. M. LESS, 765 Market.
|500— PARTNER wanted In a commission busi-
ness, established over 20 years, doing a good
paying business; best of references furnished;
thorough investigation allowed; must be a
steady, sober man. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
HEALY & CO., 317 Market St., buy. sell or ex-
change business quick; partners procured.
$200— BRANCH bakery, delicatessen store; re-
ceipts $10 day; 3 rooms. HEALY, 917 Market.
$275— BRANCH bakery and variety store. 2
rooms: rent $15. HEALY & CO., 917 Market.
CIGAR-STAND, near Baldwin Hotel $450
. Fruit store; best in the city 600
. Stationery store in Hayes Valley 500
Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
EALOON, 6 rooms; near Call building; worth
$2000; only $£50. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market.
$150— PARTNER wanted in office and commis-
sion business: will clear $75 per month to
each. See HEALY & CO., 917 Market St.
$125— CIGAR stand; bargain; this day. Me-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
$450 : -CORNER grocery and bar; a bargain.
$SoO— Grocery and bar; best corner in city.
■Very nice cigar store; good location.
S3oo— Branch bakery and notions; paying well.
Also several saloons and restaurants.
At ANDERSON & CO.'S. 777 Market St. '
GOOD paying 2-chair barber shop and cigar
stand. Western Addition, for sale at onee 'on
account of sickness. Call bet. 1 and 2:30
o'clock at 729 Clementina st. S. W. MAR-
SHALL. -
FOR Sale or Exchange — and Job
printing office; a big establishment; thor-
oughly equipped; cylinder press, gas engine,
eic. Address P. O. box 327, Los Gatos. Cal.
$400 CASH will purchase a half interest In a
well established cash business that will pay
$2,1 per week. Particulars room 2. 313 Bush st.
FOR sale for half Its value, the old cigar
store at S8 Second , St., owing to continued
Eickn^s and .(Re; come, quick.
GOOD soda water route for sale cheap: horse,
harness, wagon. Apply SS Chenery St., cor.
Thirty-first.
FOR Sale— store. 522 Battery st. Open
from a. m. to 6p. m. j
A CHANCE FOR A FORTUNE!!!
THE NEW WALDO HOUSE,
765 Mission, bet. Third and Fourth. San Fran-
cisco: 94 rooms; all new beds; on one floor;
partitions included which cost over $2000;
running full; cheap rent, long lease, privilege
of renewing same; on investment of $2000 for
IS: 1 ? eighty (SO) per cent per annum was real-
ized over all expenses, which can be proved,
with even better prospects this year; for gale
en i uount of falling health and old age.
Address as above or Inquire on premises.
5"O capitalists— Several working miners hav-
ing- ccuittoli dated— 2so acres free and cement
. bearing gravels, also large deposit South
African conglomerate and tailings, will sell
all or part; good water facilities and roads;
4 miles from railroad; 35 miles from Stockton.
Ad'lress box 143, Quartz Mountain, Tuolumne
County, Cal.
FOR SALE— The business of the late John
<Jro«s; the oldest established candy factory
and Ice cream parlors in San Joaquin Coun-.
"■^ty Address 25 North Eldorado St., Stockton,
W-'*- : —
W[ • \TRY blacksmith shop for sale, with all i
necessary tools and stock; situated on Boul- |
uin Island, San Joaquin County. For further
information Inquire of H. VOORMAN, 506 ;
Battery st., San Francisco, or at the premi-
ses on Bouldln Island.
HOME bakery, notions; established 4 years;
good trade; 6 rooms; rent $15. 1913 Howard.
OLD-ESTABLISHED news and stationery
store and laundry office, doing good business;
I am going to Alaska; make 6ffer.*lol% Fifth.
$150 INVESTED enables you to Join enterprise
now yielding 150 per cent monthly; no stock
or Klondike scheme; safe, practical success.
David Sloane. 110 St. Paul St.. Baltimore, Md.
$IuOO— ONE-TENTH Interest in advertising busi-
ness; at conservative estimate will net $5000
a year In S. F. ; investor can handle his own
money. Apply CAHILL. 107 Sixth st.
FOR sale— Blacksmith business; the best loca-
tion in Oakland; two fires; will sell one or
both sets of toois; good business, good prices;
rent low; satisfactory reasons for selling;
chance of a lifetime. WILLIAM JAMES.
IoCS Franklin St., Oakland.
RESTAURANT Men, Attention— One of the
oldest and best paying restaurants south of
Market st. : right in center of large factories
and foundries; always full and clearing $130
per month; price $350; trial given; cause of
sale owner retiring from business. Box 2123,
Call office. . - '
$70 — ON account of sickness; this nice busi-
ness, embracing milk, eggs, butter, bread,
candy and notions is offered for sale; 2 pleas-
ant living rooms in rear of store nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping. If you want a bar-
gain call at 1145 st.
$200— PARTNER wanted in light business suit-
•ed to steady man satisfied with $15 to $25 a
weak; no . experience required; trial given.
724% Market st., room 17.
CARPENTER shop: good location; cheap rent;
$75 to $100 Income per month ; $75 worth of
stock; will sell for $75; owner having to leave
the city. Box 2121, Call office.
FOR sale, account of sickness, first-class sa-
loon; open for years; price very low. FER-
r RARI & CANEPA, 407 Montgomery aye., or
t> 028 Vallejo st.
HARNESS and saddlery shop for sale In East
Oakland very cheap; good location; selling
on account of sickness. 12th 6t. and 13th aye.
A FINE bakery, stationery and notion, worth
JSOO, to be sold for $500; must sell. 2552 Fol-
som st. ' ■
S2OO— GROCERY and bar; selling on account of
sickness. ■ MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 30 Kearny.
A NO. 1 shoemaker Btn#d; plenty repairing;
cheap rent. Apply 3767 Twenty-fourth st,
EMPLOYER desires loan of $200 on security ;
will give position. R. E-, box 2144, Call.
SALOON, newly fitted up, for sale cheap;
owner leaving town. 619 Merchant st.
DINING-ROOM and kitchen in first-class pri-
vate hotel to let. 1105 Hyde st.
FOR Sale— Corner grocery and bar; good loca-
tion. 1552 Folsom st.
BARBER shop at sacrifice on account of sick-
ness. 434 Pacific st. *
$225 BUYS city wagon route clearing $65
monthly or no sale; trial given. 406 Geary.
GOOD bakery with outside route ; good loca-
tion; parties going to country. Box 16, Call
branch office. 106 Eleventh st.
GOOD business . for sale; bakery, with . large,
paying- route; present owner going .bast.
1205 Market St.. Oakland.
FOR sale— Good-paying saloon, stock and fix-
tures; 3 living-rooms; cheap; and other .bust-.
ness. Call at 236 Third St.
FOR Sale— Restaurant and ■ chop house; best
location; opposite. the ferries. Call: at IS
East st. ■* ■ ' ■ •■ • ' -'-■ ;
CORNER grocery and bar; 3 living rooms. Ap-
ply northeast cor. Fifth and Clara sts. :.. .
SALOON at a reasonable price; good location.
Apply Albany Brewery. -*
SHOE store; well-established custom trade.
Apply Call branch office, 339 Hayes st.
1 CIGAR store, with 4 rooms ;in rear. 1519
I Market St. , '
f FOR sale— of the best bakeries In the city.
Inquire at 1509 Polk st. • ■ . :
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Reglsfd Pat.
Agents; established 18G2. 313 Pine St.. ; city.
LARGE city paper route, growing territory, for
. sale as a whole or part. Apply at Call office.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire' ihts -
office or at 133 Third et., Portland, Oregon.
BUSINESS CllA>CES— ContinucdL
FmST^CLASB 1-chalr barber shop; 2 living
rooms; 3 years' lease; building insured. Ad-
dress HENRY BERDROW, Le Grand, Cal.
HALF interest In well-established butcher
business; centrally located; good-paying busi-
ness, Address box 4, Call office, Oakland.
SALOON— bargain; good stand; no agent;
northeast cor. Third and Brannan sts. W.
H. PAYNE.
FINE store, cor. Oak and Franklin sts., rent
$20; 2 fine basements, off Market St., suitable
for any business or storage. Apply 15 Grant.
BAKERY and notion store. 2552 Folsom St.;
worth $100; 4 rooms and bath; rent $12; must
I sell. ■
I COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
■W. CASWELL & CO.'B. 415 Sacramento st.
~~ ALASKA I-NTEUPRISES.
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
I and delivered to boats. SBARBORO & CO.,
wholesale and retail grocers, 631 Washington.
WHAT you must have— The only makers of the
genuine Klondike moccasin on this Coast.
Pacific Shoe Co., 139 First st. -'/:,..
GOOD strong dogs, trained for Alaska, for sale
at 510 Van Ness aye.
YUKON dog harness; best made, for sale by
all outfitters. SAMMANN. 1233 Flllmore st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards, Tenth and Bryant sts.
KLONDIKE dogs: also Great Danes and Fox
terriers. KILLIP'S Sale Yard. 1730 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best Klondike stoves in the
world. HOLMES & CO., 416-418 Jackson st.
DOGS for Klondike; three Scotch collies, broke
for work. C. KRAMER, 400 Pacific st.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
I clothing. L- LEVY, Battery and Jackson sts.
I OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for eale. H. G. SHAW, 4 Sutter.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call, Subscrip-
tions find' wont ads taken.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE, g
KREDO i successful Brokers, 22% Geary.
80 rooms; clears $150; good transient...... $1-00
26 rooms; Market St.; clears $75; snap.... 4uO
16 rooms; Market St., near Sixth; offices. 700
12 rooms; Third St.; rent $27 50............ 200
11 rooms; all rented; corner; worth $600.. RE
10 rooms; all new; central and sunny 3Zs
7 rooms; O'FarreU st; clears $35.... 225
$675—12 ROOMS: nice little boarding-house;
clears $100 month. KREDO & CO. 22% Geary.
$400—7 ROOMS; lovely home; free rent and $25
profit. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary st.
$300— ROOMS; corner Market; clears $50:
don't miss it. KREDO & CO.'. 22% Geary st.
110-ROOM house; clears $350 $6500
20 rooms, on Van Ness aye 1100
35 rooms, on Van Ness aye -'WO
14 rooms, on Post (very fine)...... l_g
12 rooms, on O'FarreU: clears $50 500
7 rooms, new: payments; on Taylor St.. 400
11-room house; sunny corner; fine 500
26 rooms; new and good 800
;.'■• rooms, on Mission 1000
32 rooms, on Market; clears $250 2800
24 rooms, on Kearny: clears $200 ZoOO
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
MONEY TO LOAN MONEY TO LOAN
On furniture at 2% per cent.
— Insurance at cut rates.
Special Bargains
15 rooms. Sutter St., clears $50 $4£o
16 rooms, elegant furniture, only 450
23 rooms, central, paying house.... 450
24 rooms, rent $75 (new), payments 1500
25 rooms, central (new), payments 800
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st
$400— LODGING-HOUSE, 23 rooms; bargain.
Mclaughlin & co., 30 Kearny st.
$150— LODGING-HOUSE of 6 rooms, furnished;
sickness. Inquire at 26S Stevenson st.
_ _______
HORSES.
TWO fast pacers, 1 carriage horse and 1 finely
matched road team. ■ Call at Santa Clara
Stables, 164 Golden Gate aye.
HORSES, harness, laundry, express wagons of
all kinds, buggies, carts bought, sold, ex-
changed at Emporium. 220 Valencia st. ■
WANTED— SO old horses free from disease
and physic for feed for the animals. Ad-
dress Manager of the Zoo, Chutes, city.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 "Sixth St., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. ST'T.LTVAN /* DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES:
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy: also 1 hack. 82S Harrison st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. ! Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st. > '-
GAS engine," 12-horse power; Oriental No. 4;
centrifugal pump; engine runs with gasoline,
coal oil, benzine or distillate. Box 2074, Call.
CALI GRAPH typewriter in fine order, ■ $20: a
bargain; send for sample of work. ALEX-
ANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery st.
TEN large dogs for Klondike. 2321 Twenty-
third st., back City and County Hospital.
TWO fine Jersey milch cows for sale. Ap-
ply at stable, 523 Minna st., abo\-e Sixth.
CYPRESS Lawn Cemetery stock, 100 shares, at
$4 25 per share. Box 2009. Call Office.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, elec-
trical; new, 2d-hand. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
YOUNG fresh Jersey cow and heifer calf. 236
Pore st. *
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
FOR Second-hand Brunswick-Balke-Col-
lender billiard table, In first-class condition.
Apply 136S Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS large windmill; 2 large new
tanks ; brass pump, pipes, etc. 711 Treat aye.
COMPLETE set of tinning tools for sale cheap.
654 Mission st.
PICTURE framing, complete, with glass 7x9
Inches 10c; Bxlo and 10x12. 15c; 11x14 and 12x
16 20c; 14x17, 25c; 16x20, 30c; 18x22, 35c; 20x24,
45c ■ curtain poles, complete, 15c; room mold-
ing all colors, lc per foot; portraits enlarged.
60c; open evenings. JONES. 547 Mission st.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. .T. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth. .
J R POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
'building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So. 787.
WHISKY, Kentucky, '97; bonded warehouse.
■ San Francisco; 39c gallon. Address STAND-
ARD LIQUOR CO.. San Francisco.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, • motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
SAFES — New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 9. F.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10; Records, $5 per doz.;
ProjectoßCope. $100. Bacigalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
• repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. /
$2 MONTHLY— repaired, bought, sold;
' machine supplies. 14.', Sixth ft.: phone Mint 45.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 8 rooms for sale; 4 roifcis
rented. Box 2127, Call Office.
CARPED CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
■ moves, lays carpets. O. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. So. 40.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating,
alteration works, 413 McAllister; Jessie 821.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning "Co., 402 Sutter;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor. ,
CARPETS cleaned at 3c. per yard; relald at 3c.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Bteam Carpet - Cleaning
Works, 14 Bth st. B. GRANT; tel. Jessie 201.
I J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st. ; cleaning, 3c. a yard; tel: Mission 74.
i ( KLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. : tfl. East 126. : '..•,..::■
- LOST.
! LOST — A dog, Irish setter, reddish brown, an-
swering to the name of | "Dick ;"" strap
around neck; reward offered. MARCEAI7,
£26' Market st. /- : -. ',: ..- . ■ -:
LOST— Saturday, evening, a music roll contain-
ing manuscript music. "Finder will confer a
favor by leaving same at Model Music Store.
735 Market st. - ' .■-..-■" : . ■ ." ■' ' .
LOST— St. Bernard-shepherd dog, yellow, ; with
■ ■white streak under neck; answers name Par-
j nell. Return, to 536 Page st. ; receive reward.
LOST— Saturday, feather boa; reward. - Ad-
dres3 520 Capp st. ,
... A...; STORAGE. *./ ~ ~~~-
AT ' low ■". Furniture, ■ carpets,' pianos,
household roods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. -r J. NOONAN, 1017 Sto : 1023
Mission St.; above Sixth: open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances' made: ' fireproof .building. F. W.
ZEHFUS9, 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821. I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 17, 1898.
•"V: HOUSE* TO LET.
• ALL OVER TOWN ' — — !
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
A NO. 1 house. 1719 Post St.; 7 rooms and bath;
rent $35. Apply SPECK & C 0... 602 Market. j
BAY-WINDOW house 4 rooms and basement.
212 PeVry et: rent Jl2 50: water free. Apply.
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
FURNISHED house. 7 rooms, bath; large yard; j
latest improvements; furniture new; piano;
near Pleasanton Hotel: only responsible par-
ties need apply. Box 1437. Call office.
McALLISTER. SlS— Sunny house. 8 rooms;
front and rear garden; rent reduced $35.
$B— HOUSE of 4 rooms and stable. Apply
Twenty-seventh and Alabama sts.
6- ROOM house, bath and basement. $11; Laurel
aye , near Turk and Buchanan sts. HOOKER
& LENT. 14 Post st. *■■'-*
FURNISHED HOUSES. :
FURNITURE, etc., of 10 rooms for »ale; privi-
lege renting premises. Box 1145, Call of flee.
MISSION, 2726, sunny belt— Parlor floor 6 nice-
ly furnished rooms: every convenience for
housekeeping; piano; bath; gardens; $20.
NICELY furnished house of 5 rooms and bath,
large ground, etc.; near station; rent wo.
1910 University aye.. East Berkeley.
NICELY furnished house, 6 rooms, bath, all
modern improvements; rent reasonable _ to
good tenant; Golden Gate, Berkeley. In-
quire 714 Stelner st. ' ;
10 R., PACIFIC Heights: modern: furnished or
not; long or short time. 2716 Scott.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms; bath: base-
ment; yard and stable; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth
st., near Dolores. "- ____^
FURNISHED FLATS.
HOWARD. 2443— Lower flat. 5 rooms, laundry,
bath, piano, sewing machine: iine location.
_ FLATS TO LET.
A— DOWNTOWN flats; 4 rooms each; cheap
rent- $10 and $12; 608 and 510 Natoma st. j
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st. I
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— of 3 nice
rooms; rent $7.
CAPP, 20— Flat of 3 large rooms; large base- |
. ment; rent $10. •
DOLORES st., 1037 A —Nicely furnished six-
room flat to rent; reasonable. —
FELL, 1118— Upper flat 6 sunny rooms; alcove
parlors, etc.
FOLSOM, 909, near Fifth— sl2; new middle bay-
window flat, 3 rooms; gas, bath, tubs.
RITCH. 28. near Third and Folsom— Bay-win-
dow flat of 3 rooms.
SUNNY corner flat, 5 rooms, $17; inside flat
with bath. $16: newly painted and papered.
Corner Twelfth and Folsom sts. Apply
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
$35— LOVELY sunny modern flat of 7 rooms;
624 Golden Gate aye., near Van Ness.
$13— NICE sunny flat, 5 rooms; bath, gas and j
yard. 3930 Nineteenth, bet. Sanchez and Noe. |
$17— FLAT. 6 rooms, bathj modern. 1448 Va-
lencia St., near Twenty-flfthk
WATER free: sunny lower 4-room flat;
modern: large lot: garden. 4075 Twenty-third
St.. few steps from Castro: care key 4071.
$20— CHEAPEST flat In city; 8 rooms, bath.
630% Valencia St.. near Seventeenth.
"housekeeping rooms.
BRANNAN. 725, above Sixth— Sunny kitchen j
and bedroom, furnished. $7. j
CASTRO, 40.'.. rear— or 2 nice sunny unfur- j
nished rooms; large yard; stable; cheap.
EDDY 62S— Parlor floor, 3 elegantly furnished !
sunny housekeeping rooms; bath and gas; pri- j
vate family; nice neighborhood; references. |
FIFTH 149%— Nicely furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; also single and double rooms.
FIFTH, 309—1 or 2 sunny bay-window bed-
rooms; connecting kitchen ;complete; Ist floor.
FIFTH, 325—3 clean furnished housekeeping
rooms, $13: 2. $12; also single room.. $0.
FIFTH. I — Front room and kitchen, com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping. ;
GEARY, 429— Light housekeeping and other
sunny single and double rooms; no children.
GOLDEN GATE, 1 622—3 sunny rooms, first floor,
furnished for housekeeping. \
HAMPTON place, 3. on Folsom, bet. Second
and Third— sunny rooms; yard, basement.
HOWARD, 604— Pleasant sufiny housekeeping
rooms; complete; bath, gas; rent cheap.
LEWIS, IS. off Taylor, nr. Post— and
kitchen; furnished or unfurn.; reasonable.*
MARKET, 1025— 2 rooms, $6; 3 rooms, $8; partly
furnished^ ■ ■ • ''■ ■ ■■■■ *
McALLISTER. 422—2 or 3 nicely furnished
rooms, complete for housekeeping; gas range;
• all conveniences. '£ .. - ; .
MINNA, 269—2 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; sunny yard.
MINNA, 648— nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms. __^_ -
MINNA, 573. near Seventh — Large sunny
rooms: complete; yard; also single; cheap.
MISSION, 561 — 2 pleasant sunny rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping; $9 per month.
MISSION, 1024 — Sunny bay-window alcove
room; capuplete for housekeeping; single
rooms. '^> .'.
MISSION, Pleasant unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; cheap. :
NINTH. 20— Front suite and single rooms for
housekeeping: gas; water; stove.
POLK, 622— Unfurnished or furnished room;
suites or single: rent cheap.
POLK. 1819— Sunny unfurnished housekeeping
rooms in suites of 3 or 4 rooms; bath. ;
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny front rooms,
nicely furnished for .housekeeping. .
TAYLOR. 131— 3 large light sunny unfurnished
rooms and bath; single if .desired.
TENTH, 136, cor. Minna— Sunny housekeeping
* rooms; running water. ' ■*
THIRTEENTH. 409%; above Valencia— sll 3
unfurnished rooms, bath and yard. ■
TWELFTH, 145. cor. Howard— Sunny furnished
rooms complete for housekeeping.
ROOMS TO ; l.r.T
ALTON, 204 McAllister— Lovely sunny large
front and single rooms; $6 mo. up; bath; ga6.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny — Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
BOHEMIA, 239 Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen; references given.
CENTRAL House. 52 Good family & single
rms.; day, 25, 50c; wk., $1 25, $2 50; mo., $5 up.
CLEMENTINA, 434%— Sunny furnished room
with use of parlor; $3 50 a month. >.'.-v- v -
CLIFFORD, Ellis and Mason— Sunny suites
• and single rooms for families and tourists;
prices reasonable. Telephone Red 1361. '
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo.; nice suites.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night,
50c to $1; week. $2 to $6; families.
* EDDY, Pleasant furnished front rooms,
single or en suite; also sunny kitchen; reason-
.. able. . ■ ■■• . ,-:-■.-,,-.
FRANKLIN, 201, corner Fell— An elegant new-
ly furnished modern sunny room for 2, $8 mo.
GEARY, 618— Large sunny bay-window room,
light housekeeping j suite and single room.
HAIGHT, — Sunny front corner suite; sin-
gle room, comfortably furnished; reasonable.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 Mission; select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week. .
HARRISON, 946— Nice large single rooms, with
use of bath, $5 a month up. . . ■«>•;
HARRISON, 754%— Finely furnished sunny
rooms; ; bath; all conveniences; private; $1
week. -: . - ': ■ ■ <:: ■' ■.-..'
HAVES, 604 — Nicely furnished sunny front
- single rooms, $5 mo. ; nice double room, $7 . mo.'
HOWARD, 715, ST. DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
: suites; single; 1 sunny, reading; room ; 25c : up.
HOWARD, 667 A —Nicely furnished bay-window
front room; private family; cheap. • :
HOWARD, • 9S!»— By day, weeK or month; 25c,
30c, 750 and $1 per day; $s to $15 per month. s :
HOWARD, , 1158, near Eighth— Well-furnished
sunny rooms,, quiet and respectable, $6 to $12
per month. . • ', ",--' ".>'-' ;-_ - :i
HYDE, 925— Sunny suites; '■ first-class • board;
quiet; homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTHER-
- ton.. • .-■■.- ■ - ■• , ;. • v -.-.• : .-•;■■■. ';• ■;:
LINDEN AYE., 231— Flat of 4 rooms and bath.
. Apply 328 Fell ■■ st. -' / .'..--: ; ;.
McALLISTER, Sunny back parlor; grate;
' -gas; bath;- $8 month; 2 gentlemen. -,v
McALLISTER, &15— Nicely furnished front
suite; $15 per month: hot and cold water. ;>.
MINNA, ', C 67, : corner Eighth— Newly i furnished
- : bay-window room; $1 a week. \ c;.,- '■■>•
NEVADA House, 132 Sixth— Select rooms, $1 50
to $4 50 week,' $6 , to $15 a month ; also house-
'.: keeping. ■ ■;' ■-.-..;'• ;;•.'■;■■■; •--.-:"•.-■- ;•.;•-,-.■'■ -■ -.•.;■■•; .-:. .:■-..;
OAK, 22— Nicely furnished - modern • rooms. .$6
. •/• and ■$S mo. ; suitable : for . 2; nice ; location. >",.>;.; ;
O'FARRELL. • 535%— Large > front . room, '"■ fur- v
nished ;or ; unfurnished, for 2, :$8 per, month.
O'FARRELL, 750— Suite of three : sunny un-
furnished rooms. h
• ROOMS TO Continued. ' ;
PHILADELPHIA - House, 421 Rooms;
i gas; running water; $1 week up; sunny.
POWELL - 203 (The Montello)— Sunny | suites
and single . rooms; reasonable; transient.
i POWELL 509— Two nicely furnished sunny
looms adjoining : suitable for two gentlemen.
RITCH 2 corner Folsom— Nice sunny bay-win-
| dow room; also single room; $4 and $6 per mo.
I SHERMAN' Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
( near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH - 125— Nicely furnished front sunny
roome'; very reasonable; double and single.
SOUTH PARK • 80— Sunny bay-window front
room In private family; rent reasonable. 
STOCKTON, ; 17 — European; elegant • rooms;
suite or single; day. week or month: baths;
hot and cold water; transient; elevator. (
SUTTER 715-717-719, and 609 Hyde— Furnished
and unfurn.; choice and sunny; reasonable.
THE RANDOLPH, 501 Post, corner Mason— so
bay-window parlors ; smaller rooms water ;
pas: $1 50 to $4 50 week ; $3 to $20 month.
BOARDING AND -- ROOMS.
FOLSOM, 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE Front sunny bay-window room;
gas; 'bath; running water; first-class board;
$20 a month. - >; ■ > •■■ -•'■ ■ "-■' '. - '
O'FARRELL 816, near Larkln— Sunny rooms;
board; private family; references.
TURK 812— Nice room two ' gentlemen ; bath;
gas: 'grate; board: private family; $35. ■-.-■» v
VAN NESS aye.— Beautiful sunny rooms;
southern exposure: building new; all mod-
ern conveniences; newly, furnished: elegant
for gentlemen; board optional. Apply at 808
Van Ness aye. '__^^^_______ .
CHILDREN BOARDED.
l"oßT~children or baby to board; terms rea-
sonable. 61 Shipley st. - -■■ ■
STORES TO LET.
CORNER grocery; fixtures. complete; 3 rooms;
brick basement. Northeast corner Dolores
and Fifteenth sts. ■
STORE, with rooms, 2916 Mission St.; occupied
for 9 years as cigar and stationery store;
-near school.
FIRST. ISo2— Store to let; 2 living rooms; rent
cheap: > • • ■"-'- ' .
I $10—275 FELL st., large store ' and 3 rooms
suitable for any business.
OFFICES TO LET. ~~~
LARGE front office, 30x50; elegant carpet;
very cheap rent. 1028 Market st.
~~~~ * - EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing telegraphy, languages. English branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering;
sun-eying, assaying, etc. ; 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 1592: catalogue. «
A YRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; lite scholar-
ship. $50: low rates per week and month.
ACCOMPLISHED musician and linguist from
Europe is open to engagements. Box 2010.
Call office. '
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
est. ___ VAN DEB NAILEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market st. ;
MRS. FRIEDBERG, voice culture; 50c a les-
son. 914 O'Farrell st.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
j ket St.; 124 position. in '90; 103 in '97.
BOOKKEEPING. arithmetic, writing, gram-
! mar: day, night: $5 mo. 1504 Market, op. Bth.
I GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons,
I - $3 per month. MARY WESTHAUS..B9 Fifth.
VOICE culture, piano, Paris graduate; French.
Spanish: new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
" MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WHAT'S THAT? YOU ARE?
GOING TO BUT A PIANO?
WELL, NOW. WHAT DO YOU WANT?
A piano made in 1896, with every dollar ex-
pended on the Instrument, modern In _ every
respect, with all the late attachments, or the
" same old piano made from 1849 scales?
I have a piano to sell that 1 will guarantee j
from top to bottom and will back It with j
every dollar I have. As I own my own build-
Ing and store, and as the manufacturers also
back this Instrument with $2,000,000, this, I
' think, a good guarantee. ■.•-.-,.•,;- ■;,_-;■
The piano is the Kingsbury.
The price Is $.25. , ,
The address is 526 Hayes St. -
The firm is J. HARRY SCOTT.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month. 'we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand Uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stelnway Dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
■ etß., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
* Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW more bargains In second-hand pianos—
on I sen .:..".....■.:. $123.
Mathusek . '....... 150
Augustus Baus & Co ..'....... 200
Cameron 250
Byron Mauzy '. 300
BYRON MAUZY. pianos. 30S-312 Post st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, - ■ 23 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other -musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
- est. ' Everything possible done to please and
• satisfy the customer.
ONE Newhalt piano $55
One Zech piano 70
One : Fischer piano .....80
Twenty others at all prices.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-20 O'Farrell.
SOHMER & CO. Byron Mausy, Newby. Evans.
Brlggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale-Must sell pianos at
Immense . reduction for cash or on install-
ments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market St.
WANTED— piano to use for storage
by responsible lady. 2311 Howard st.
. HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
; cedented success. ' 216 Post st.
FINE upright; great bargain. If, McAllls-
ter.Bt., next Hibernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
, AGENCY Halnes Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos, $75- up. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER. & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st. ■
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis.
PROPOSALS.
PLANS and specifications invited for an hos-
pital building— office, Board of Super-
visors, San Francisco, March 12, IS9B. -
In accordance with Resolution. No. ; 797
3, (Fourth' Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
public - notice is hereby given ■ to architects
• that competitive plans and specifications for
the erection of an hospital building will be
received in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors on. MONDAY AFTERNOON Sep-
tember 12, 1898, ■ between the hours of 2:30
' and 3 o'clock. ',■-■■ ;
The ' proposed '. building to be of modern de-
sign and to be constructed of stone or brick,
• or of both, with all the latest scientific im-
provements required as to . construction ' and
' sanitation, equal to, if not superior, to any
... building, designed or contracted for hospital
purposes, as are indorsed by medical author-
■ ity as being Indispensable in the construction
• of such a building. ;-- -.;■ •■-....-
The said hospital building to be erected on
■ the lot of land selected and approved by the
Board of Health described as follows:
' . Commencing at the most southeasterly cor-
ner of a tract of land known as and desig-
nated on the official map ,of the city i and
- county, of San Francisco as', the "Almshouse
Tract," and running thence due north along
the easterly, boundary line of said Almshouse
. Tract seven hundred and sixty-five (765) feet;
thence due west five hundred and fifty (550)
feet; thence due south seven hundred and
' sixty-five (765) ' feet to the ; southerly line »of
the said Almshouse Tract; thence due east
along i the said southerly line of the Aims-
house Tract five hundred and fifty (560) feet
to the point of -; commencement; containing
9.659 acres. ;.'-'- . r ,"„'-■■• ■
The said plans and specifications to be so
prepared that the cost of the building shall
not exceed in the aggregate the sum of three
hundred r thousand ($300,060) dollars, which
. sum must cover the entire expense . f or : the
erection and . completion -~ of - the proposed
.building. \ ••-'. r - ': .„ -,•-.
NOTlCE— Architect* will prepare and sub-
V mit with their plans and specifications for
• said : hospital - building an itemized estimate
of - the - cost ' of said building, ■ the statute : re-
quiring eight (8) hours ', to constitute a day's
work with a minimum rate of wages of two
($2) dollars per day, for persons employed on
said building, with the distinct understanding
that no plans or specifications win be enter-
tained or considered of ; buildings the aggre-
gate ' cost = of which - are » estimated ■to ' exceed
; the sum" of '. three hundred 'thousand ($300,000)
V dollars. Also that the architect whose plans
and specifications of the building are adopted
will be appointed architect and superintend-
ent of the building at a compensation of five
(5) per cent of the total cost, -and- will be re-
' quired 'to ; give a good and \ satisfactory,; bond
' or bonds, as the 'case may be, to insure .-the :
completion . and ; construction : : . of •■ : th#- said
building ; for ■ the i amount ;of = the estimate of
the cost as | made by the said architect. > The
architects submitting plans and : specifications
' determined :by the t boa rd to be second, •; third
and fourth in merit will receive premiums of
' U $1000, ' $750 and • $500 ■ respectively, t with : the un-
» > v demanding that ■ any features of ; said - plans
s ■ and •• specifications ;. which i may be j considered
v - useful; or necessary.! be ' embodied ■in . the ; plans
■ adopted may be used without further cost: or
charge.: . JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.. I
PERSONALS.
TO the Public— l hereby caution all persons not
to trust my divorced wife, HENRIETTA
FISCHER, of 913 Sanchez st. on my account,
• . as - 1 will • not be responsible for any debts
contracted by her. JULIUS FISCHER. - '
NICE young man wishes the acquaintance of
a young or middle-aged lady with some good
capital ; object : matrimony. _ Call or ■ address
JOHN MICHAEL, 765 Market St., room 23.
BOXING and bag punching taught by an ex-
pert thoroughly in eight private lessons, even-
ings; moderate. Address box 1460, Call office.
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL seeking marriage send 10c and postage for
March "Wedding Bell"; 16 pages; no $5 re-
quired. Editor. 11l Ellis Bt., San Francisco.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
A ' FREE prescription for monthly irregulari-
ties; it never fails to relieve in one day; no
deadly drugs, pills or capsules; the prescrip-
tion - will be sent " free with every $."» order,
after' which it can be made at home at a
cost of a few cents; by sending $2 in 2c
stamps enough of the remedy will be sent to
last six months; office hours, 10 to 4, 6 to 8
evenings. THE ATWELL CO., 36V* Geary St.,
San Francisco..
AS a first-class hair-dresser I pride myself
upon having no equal: price only 2."c; good
switches $1; best, finest quality, *3 60; extra
heavy, long, $5; open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER. 111 Stockton st. ■
HAG carpets wove to order rind for sale: also
■ chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
DRUMMER'S samples little boys' fancy, and
plain - suits at a sacrifice. 107 Sansome st.,
upstairs. • -.-. . • . ■ ' ■
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method electric mas-
sage; rooms heated. Office 10, 118 Grant aye.
PAINTING, papering, tinting, whitening at
lowest prices. F. EDWARDS, 1200 Webster.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st. '
QUINONIA" Hair Tonic ' effects a healthy
growth. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st.. nr. Market; SCO rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; %1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made in
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay St., S. F.
AGENT wanted to take orders for merchant
tailoring. NEUHAU.S & CO.. 115 Kearny.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage: Swedish
movement. SOS Market, room 25. second floor.
TRUNKS moved, Zsc. Commercial Transfer
Co.. 22 Stockton St.: phone Main 49. -
SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market ft., bet. 7th and Bth.
DBKUHAKBRS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— Elegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St.. rm. 86.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second tight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading; ladies oOc,
gents $1; palm, and clairv.; sit, $1 50. 128 Turk.
MISS BELL GRANT, card reading and mag-
netic healing. 122 Post St., room 10.
MISS MELVILL.E, great clairvoyant and
water reader. 921 Mission; German spoken.
MISS L. DEAN, magnetic healing, card
reader. 906 Market St., room 41, top floor.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
all questions: L.. 25c; G.. 50c: no sign. 3 7th.
RAY FAIR, card reader; magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post St.. room 2.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
- magnetic healer. Room 2. 120^ Geary st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 2!">c up. 5 Fourth at.
MME. ' MOREAU. best medium and card-
reader; 2.-.C up; German spoken. 73 Fourth at.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in her pro-
fession: never falls: advice; help. 823 Post.
MME. SVAENSON. only reliable card reader
and fortune teller: 25c. .HI Geary st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 123% Sixth St.. room 14.
MME. LE NORMANDE. reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth
MISS EDNA V. GRANT. 131 Taylor St., room
2: mind-reader and palmist. -■ -.
SPIRE VL'ALISM. f
CIRCLE this evening: 1619 Turk st.; 15c; bal-
lots read: Wilson and others. . "
TEST circle to-night: 937 - Guerrero St.. near
Twenty-second ! admission 10 cents. ]
MEDIUMS' Assn. test meeting' to-night. Mrs.
Shriner-Robinson; others. 997 Market; Me.
MME. -YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
, night: 10c; fine music. . 605 McAllister St.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia; sittings,
$1; circles Tues.. 2: Sat. eve., 8 p. m. : 25c.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dium. US Halght st.
I PROF. GEE: readings daily: test circles Tue..
Thur.. Fri.. 8 p. m.; 25c. 866H Market st.
MRS. SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy St.. room 3.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
, messages and advice. 218 Stockton st.
615 LARKIN Branch office of The CalL
Subscriptions and wnnt nds taken.
HYPNOTISM-
BERNARD clinic medical hypnotism— ln hand-
ling disease we especially solicit those cases
■ wherein the ordinary modes of treatment •
have failed. 209 Turk st. .
SAN FRANCISCO College of Suggestive Thera-
p eutics; private instruction. 911 Van Ness
aye. L. F. TURMAN. Sec.
DENTISTS.
VAN^VROoST-^electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry: no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth. $5 up; silver
fillings 25c up: gold crowns, $3 50 up: your
teeth put In without a plate, open evenings.
997 Market St., cor. Sixth; 'Phone Jessie lC9i>.
A FULL pet of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates: light and thin; warranted ten years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty : fillings.. 50c: crowns S3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
a FULL set of teeth. 35; painless extracting
free; we make, a specialty of crown and
bridge work; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c; all.
work painless and warranted 10 years; our
rrices are always the lowest in town. Pa-
fcjflc Dental Parlor, 18 Third st.
NKW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction, 50c;
plates, $.'• gold filling. 75c up; silver. 25c up;
plates' -mended. $1 up: open evenings - and
Sundays. - B(J9 Mission ; st., cor, Sixth.
DR LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st. nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made- old plates made. over like new; teeth
from *8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist discoverer of, painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge ; work nr teeth
: without plate," moved from 6 to 20 O Farrell.
OHIO Dental Parlors have removed from 906 to
813 Market st v Academy of Sciences building,
rooms 30. 81 and 32. fifth floor. .
L. A TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. - ' J
SFT -of teeth without a plate. DR.' H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
LEGAL NOTICES.
TO~the~next"of kin of WILLIAM RUSSELL,
lute of Engracia Malone Park, Belfast, ware-
" house manager, ' deceased — Pursuant to an. or-
der of the High Court of Justice in Ireland,
rhnncerv division, made in the matter of the
estate of the above-named WILLIAM RUS-
SELL deceased, and in a cause, EWART vs.
CLARKE (1897, No. 575). all persons elalm-
ine to be next of kin according to the statutes
fur the distribution of Intestate estates of the
slid WILLIAM RUSSELL living at the time
' of his death, on or about the - Ist day :of
March' 1597, or claiming to be the , legal per-
sonal representatives of such of the said next
of kin as have died since the said Ist day of
" March " 1597, are by their solicitors, on or be-
: fore the 13th day of April, , 1888, to come in
' and Drove : their claims at t the chambers of
the Right . Honorable the Vice-Chancellor of
Ireland Four Courts Inns Quay, in the city
of Dublin. Ireland, or in default thereof they
' will be peremptorily excluded from the benefit
of- the said order. •■• ■
Wednesday, the 20th day of April, 1898. at
'11 o'clock In the forenoon at the said cham-
bers is appointed for . hearing and adjudicat-
ing on the claims.- ■ ■ ■ - ■.■"■"■-■•; - :*.•--.
Dated this 17th day of February, • IS9B. -;
patea H. A. , COSGROVE. , chief Clerk.
HARPER & MILLS, '. Solicitors for ; Plain-
• tiffs, 41 Lower Sackville St.. Dublin, Ireland.
CITY and : County Treasury, San Francisco,
■March 16," IS9S — In compliance with the provis-
ions of section 5 of order 1598 of the Board of
Supervisors, approved ;- September • 15, 1880,!:
' ' there will be sold at public : auction by E. S. i
■ Spear . & Co., at their salesrooms, 31 and 33 ]
sinter street, on SWjß^etef^fe
,°^" erD , MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1898,. -J
At 10 o'clock a. m., sundry articles of stolen,
• lost and unclaimed property recovered by the >
■' police force of San Francisco, •as detailed in
■■■ an inventory thereof :on file in i the office lof
the ' clerk of • the Board of Supervisors, and
consisting of ■ Jewelry, wearing i apparel, ; pis-
tols knives, etc.; also a lot of trunks, valises,*
• clothing, . etc. . property \of - deceased - persons !
">■ received from the ' Coroner .of *- this • city and ;
• " rountv Open for inspection on morning iof
isale >- J - . A. C. WIDDER. ,
City and County Treasurer. . *
. ' CITY RE -L ESTATE./
BALDWIN & HOWELL, ~~~~
v REAL estate AGENTS.
-. ' $3000— Third aye., near Clement St.; cot-
tage , containing 5 rooms, bath. etc. drive-
way to rear of lot ? lot 25x120.
. $26,000— Splendid Hyde-st. corner invest-
ment: handsome brick and frame improve-
ments; rented for $237 50 per month; large
lot. :••£.•;.■-■ ' r---; ■; .. .; '.-..-
■ Foreclosure sale;. Bryant st., near
Fourth; 2-story house of 9 rooms and bath;
this is a snap: call at once for particulars.
$3000— Rent $31; 2 flats of 5 rooms each,
and also rear house of 3 rooms; lot 25x75;
good renting locality. -- - ■
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
. i $29,000— Rent $2200 per annum: within a
few minutes' walk from corner of Market
'and Powell sts. ;-• handsome ■'. new ' 4-story ,
building; store and lodging house. _. ,_
Terms $1000 cash, balance in easy •
monthly. Installments; best bargain in the
city: brand, new 2-story bay-window resi-
dence of 8 rooms, bath and all modern im-
provements; in Park Panhandle District,
within a block of Golden Gate Park.
$11.000— An offer wanted; handsome new
modern residence of 14 rooms I and all mod-
. em conveniences; Gough-st. corner, con-
„ venient to Paciflc-ave. cars.
?■ V $sCoo— Rent ,US per month: Stevenson St.,
near Hermann and ■ Market; good s 3-story
bay-window building, containing 3 flats of
■ ' 6 rooms and bath each; in splendid repair.
$3100— Assessed for over $3200; house cost
$3500 to build; Jersey st., close to Castro
and 24th st. cars; 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms
and bath each; lot 25x114; rents $31.
A SNAP.
$3100— Rent $50; Natoma St., not far from
Cth; lot 25x75: improvenments consist of 3-
story building containing flats.
$3000— $26; 3 flats on Castro St., near
' 25th; lot 25xS0; flats containing 4 and 5
rooms and bath each; this is a splendid
offer. . -
MODERN FLATS— WOULD EXCHANGE.
$12,000— Mortgage $6000; corner on Pacific j
Heights, facing Aita Plaza; will take va-
cant lots for equity.
BALDWIN & HO WELL,
; 10 Montgomery st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR,
CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SECURE A HOME.
Positively Best Bargains! Easiest Terms!
$100, $150 to $250; level building lots near !
Misslon-st. electric cars; only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
. SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS!
$400, $450 to $850; graded officially; superb
view: $25 down and $10 monthly. •
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
RICHMOND LOTS!
$400, $450 to $500; choicest building lots;
streets graded and sewered: $25 down; $10 1
monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$ISSO to $1800; choice, almost new, cottage in
Richmond and Sunset Heights; easy payments.
' SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams, '
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A, Crocker building.
BIG bargain— 6 modern Western Addition flats.
$15,000; renting for $133 50; $7000 can remain
on mortgage. Postofflce box 2495. • j
COUNTRY REAL. ESTATE.
DO YOU WANT
• A Fruit, Grain or Grazing Ranch?
Select one from- the Bank of Woodland. Lands
offered at lese than foreclosure prices
• IN CAPAY VALLEY.
The earliest fruit section, well settled and only
•JO miles from San Francisco by rail.
FRUIT AND GRAIN LAND.
SSI4 acres near Winters $17 50 per acre
2030 ncres near Esparto $20 00 per acre
100H: acres near Tancred $20 00 per acre j
105 ceres near Winters $22 .'.O per acre
131 acres near Madison $30 00 per acre
320 acres near Winters ........$3O 00 per acre
, 16iV£ acres near Capay $40 00 per acre f
' ALSO •
12S0 acres near Swingles $ 2 25 per acre
430 acres near Merritts $16 50 per acre , |
2-10 acres near Dunnigan.. .$ll 00 per acre 1
ALSO
1103 acres near Willows.... $27 50 per acre
SOO acres near Anderson. Sacra- 1 ■ '
mento River bottom.. $16 50 per acre
- GRAZING LAND.
F23?3i acres flanking Capay Valley.s4 00 per acre
42. acres flanking Capay Valley. s2 75 per acre
! 376S acres adjoining Capay Val.s2 25 per acre
i 2SOO acres adjoining Capay Val.s3 50 per acre
7920 acres near Red Bluff $2 00 per acre
• McAFEE BROS..
108 Montgomery st.. San Francisco. Cat.
A RARE chance for Investment: near-by prop-
erty — sale, 100 acres valuable land in the
favored locality , of San Lorenzo, Alameda
•County; superior vegetable land, producing
on an average about 150 sacks per acre per ,
annum of first-class potatoes, selling at from
■ 75 to 100 per cent more than most potatoes
sold in San Francisco: the soil is deep, rich
alluvial, possessed of the qualities required to
produce first quality potatoes, of which there '
Is so little land convenient to San Francisco; j
the regular price per sack has been for years ;
$1 on the ground, and often higher. Now the
owner is delivering at the wharf, San Fran-
" cisco, at $1 10 per 100 pounds. There j can be j
no drought or flood by reasons apparent on !
visiting the property: located close to railroad j
and water shipment. This -land will also
grow sugar beets In great yield, the railroad
tracks running into the Alvarado sugar
works. This land is on the market to be sold
and will be. It only remains to be seen who I
will be the fortunate purchaser. For price, I
terms and location call on * ALBERT E.
CRANE, 410 Montgomery st. . ■ - I
PASTURAGE, pasturage— 2o,ooo acres and up-
ward for rent at 10c per acre and upward.
Apply for particulars to McAFEE BROS., 108
Montgomery st. ■ . ■ .
RUSSIAN River Valley lands; near Healds- !
" burg, Sonoma County; 10 acres in vines and
orchard; fine well and windmill; 3-room cot-
tage; 7 acres adjoining, partly in vines; cheap;
■ McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery St., S. F.
COUNTRY home to let in Santa Clara County,
bet. Stanford University and Mountain View,
within 1 mile of Mayfield; house of 7 rooms
and 2 cottages of 4 rooms; garden, orchard,
etc. ; will rent low for 1 or 8 years to suitable |
tenant. Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO., Real j
Estate Agents, 630 Market st.
WILL sell or exchange for property In this
city or Oakland— A ranch of 56 acres, unln-
cumbered : six room cottage, hard-finished. !
• well furnished; stock, farm Implements, etc.;
within three miles of. Santa Rosa:. Particu-
lars 2914 California St.. after 4 p. m.
FOR sale, exchange or rent— New 4-room cot-
tage; bath: stable: lot 60x140; 45 minutes from
city. Apply Grocery. 126 Guerrero st. .
FOR SALE— AI Mendoci no grazing land: tim-
ber mostly tan oak; $2 per acre and up-
ward. Box 2240, Call Office. - ,':■ r - j
WELL-IMPROVED small orchard close to
city, at a bargain. Apply to owner, 638 San-
chez st., 8 to 11 a. m. -.■■■'
FOR sale— l3s acres; fine virgin redwood and.
pine timber; near L. E. White's railroad at
Elk. Mendoclno Count" consisting of the NE.
M of SW. 14 of Sec. ' 31, ' township 14 N., range
15 west. For full particulars as to price, etc.,
apply to A. CLOCKERS. Navarro, Cal.
FOR SALE— In Colma, 1 San Mateo County, 5
acres of land for cemetery; convenient to the
Southern ; Pacific and- S. F. & S. M. electric
cars. ; Address J. C. Station L., city.
MILL Valley; for sale, house, furnished or un-
furnished. Apply 526 Turk st. V.
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
■- M. GRIFFIN. Cotton wood. Shasta Co.. Cal.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE. "
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms; 4s minutes
" from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market st.
- JV: BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
• THE biggest' bargain of the year; house of 5
rooms; lot 123x103. ' near the hills; beautiful
view; will sell for 31500 cash to make a quick
1 : Bale. ■ JOSEPH; J. " MASON, • Real Estate,
Berkeley: Station. : v ■ .'-";:,
$1750— sale— Near . the university; house of
.7 rooms; fine lot; street work all done; a
■;; thorough bargain. JOSEPH J. MASON, real
! ■ " estate, Berkeley Station. ■',-'"■' ■" ■' * -
: '.piiO'.'EKTY 1 o >'.\ c 1 a v Gi.._ : ' ' -••
! 100 RANCHES; 3 to 2500 acres; all price*
25 houses and lots, from ..'.;.... 5500 to 25,000
28-acre ranch for house and lot 2.500
: 2 stores and 6-room flat: in city.... :.;v.' 5.000
6 houses in Berkeley; 8 in-Oakland; 10 In S.P.
: WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER? =•
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth, S. F.
GOOD business property :in Portland. Or., will
.be exchanged son ■ liberal . terms ; for '■ property
in or near San Francisco. Address BLUMEN-
TH AL & HANLY, : 1051 Washington St., Oak-
land. ■ '"■ ';^lV_^_l________J^___.
. ' * ALAMEDA ROOMS.
FOR ; rent— furnished rooms; upper ! floor; hot
•'- and : cold baths ; : quiet ,' couple } preferred. ■;. 1312
I Weber st.'. ■ Alameda. ■'■'- '- *-■ ■'*.? *■» -.. :■- .:—-
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR . SALE.
i FURNITURE and household : goods very ; cheap
j this ;. week. SCHELLHAAS' old ; store, : 408
» .". .- Eleventh St.. - Oakland. -' ' :.-'.. -..
~~" . TYPEWRI'i ERB. ~~"
1 YOST, ' good order, ' s2s; ■ send for sample work.
I >•; SCOTT & BANNAN. 333 Montgomery «t.";.'f>
ELEVENTH, j 106— Branch .' office 5 of .. The ? Call;
, subscriptions r and ; want - ads taken-
BkONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6*4 per cent on real estate 1
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in
probate, life insurance, goods in warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14L ___^ ;_
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal: mdse in storage: life ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc: low in-
terest; private; no com. R. 68. lliO Market.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
I Store, 948 Market st; tel. Green 204.
Is 6 UP to any amount on indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or jewelry; ail business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. £..
DOUGAN & CO.. 230 Kearny St.; upstairs.
OX furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission: ?25 lp;
private party. BONNELLI, ISO Powell st.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St., upstairs; strictly private; low
rates: tel. Red 1121; established ISC?.
ON real estate, furniture or pianos, any
amount; lowest rates. BECKER, 32S Montgy.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. :
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum; Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, <B8 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
rates: no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
SIXTH. 10— Most reliable place to borrow
money; diamonds and jewelry.
839 HAVES ST -Branch office of Une Call.
Subscriptions and adp taken^
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— From $4000 to $50(10 on good city
property: first-class security. Address box
2148, Call Office.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc. ; lowest
rates. McAFEE PROS.. 108 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS.
i SAVE Interest and borrow from the CUT RATH
LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason st. ; private £oorns.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
BORN.
I BORCHERS— March 10, 1898, to the wife ot
Theo W. Borchers, a son.
! CAlN— March 13, IS9S, to the wife of Richard
I Cain, a son.
' JORGENSEN— In this city, March 13, 1898, to
the wife of Nels Jorgensen, a son-
MARRIED.
i DAWSON— RAWPON— March 3. IS9B, by the
Rev. Dr. Coyle of Oakland, Ernest C. Daw-
eon of Los Angeles and Mabel Rawson of
San Francisco. _
DIED.
Ackars, John Knenig, Emma D.
Alden. Mary E. Levy, Elizabeth
Anger, Margarethe Llllis,
Andersen, Mary McNeil, Louisa A.
Beasley, George R. Mayer. Frederick
Cecil, Arthur W. Menchini, Basllio
Cox. Marina O'Brien, Alice J.
Dinnan, Anna Paredes. Jesus M.
Dugan, Celestin F. Sturla. Catharine
Forbes, Jane R. Sullivan. Johanna
Grader. Edmond J. Worth, Frederick H.
Gemballa, August
ACKARS— In this city, March IG. IS9S. John
Ackars, a. native of Holland, aged 57 years.
ALDEN— In this city, March IS, ISPS. Mary E..
beloved wife of the late fr-amuel B. Alden, a
native of Ireland, aged 65 years.
(CTFriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1C22 Hayes street, thence to St.
Agnes Church, where services will be held,
i ANGER— ID this city. March 15. 1898. Mar-
garethe Anger, a native of Germany, aged
S-o years and 9 months.
ANDERSEN— In Alameda. March 16. IS9B,
1 Wary Andersen, a native of Rio Vista. Solano
County, aged 20 years.
i BEASLEY— In this city. March 16. IS9B George
Ralph beloved son of Richard and Lizzie
1 L.asley, and brother of William, Josephine,
Lorotta, Veleata, Ruth and Roy Beaaley, a
native of San Francisfo, aged 2 years 3
months and 27 days.
C?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the parents"
residence, ISI Perry street, between Third and
Fourth. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CECIL— In this city, March 15, 1898, Arthur
W dearly beloved and only son of S. \A . and
S. C. Cecil, brother of Ella M. Cecil, and
grandson of Mrs. M. J. Goodwin, a native
of California, aged 20 years 7 months and 10
i days. (St. Paul and Minneapolis papers
please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully inv'itei to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 3 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 17 Belvedere street. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery, Sonoma, Sonoma
County.
COX— In this city, March 16. IS9S. Marina Cox.
■mother of >Wlanie M. find Anita R. Cox. a
native of Hexico, aged 42 years and 7
months.
: DINNAN— In this city. March 15. IS9S. Anna,
beloved wife of Bartley A. Dinr.an, a na-
tive of England, aged 31 years.
FORBES— In this city, March 16. 1898, Jane
R. Forbes, beloved mother of Mrs. H. R.
Coleman.
(CT Notice of funeral hereafter.
i DUGAN— In this city. March 13. 1898, Celestin
Francis, beloved son of William F. and Mag-
gie Dugan, a native of Salem, Or., aged 2
years 7 months and 15 days.
* t^"The funeral will take place this day
' (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parents
residence, 618 Hill street, between Noe and
Castro. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GEMBALLA— In this city. March 14, 18'JS, Au-
j gust, beloved husband of Augusta Gernballa,
i and father of Mrs. Marie Sosnowski and
Friedrich, Gustave, Emil and Annie Gem-
balla, a native of Germany, aged 54 years 10
months and 17 days. A member of Eureka
Lodge No. 6. O. d. H. S.
[CJ'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
1 i (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 120 Valley street, between Twenty-
eighth and Twenty-ninth, Dolores and
Church. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GRACIER— In this city, Mafch 15, IS9S. Ed-
mond J., beloved son of Charles R. and Ma-
1 mie L. Graciet, a native of San Francisco,
' 1 aged 2 months and 24 days.
([^•Friends and acquaintances are respect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 76 Valley street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KOENIG— In Berkeley. March 15. 1898, Emma
Ii wife of the late Captain L. J., and mother
of Christian, Ida and Georgina Koenig, a na-
tive of Hamburg, Germany.
(CT-Nctice of funeral hereafter.
LEVY— By cable from London. England, Eliza-
beth, relict of the late lamented Rev. S.
1 Levy and reverend mother of Rabbi M. S.,
Rabbi J. Leonard and Mark E. Levy and
Mrs. Lesser Lesser of San Francisco, aged
73 years.
LILLIS— In this city. March 16, 189S, dearly
beloved daughter of Edward R. and Kittle
Curtln Lillis. a native of San Francisco, aged
6 years and 6 days.
McNEIL— In Oakland. March 15. 1898, Louisa
A , relict of the late Peter McNeil, and
I mother of James A.. George A. and Frank
1 McNeil, Mrs. F. S. Langdon and Mrs. E. L.
■ Porter, a native of New Brunswick, aged »3
years and 10 months.
C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
Henry Evers, 565 Washington street, Oak-
land. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oak-
' M\YER-In this city. March lfi 1898, Freder-
ick beloved husband of Eugenic Mayer, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 25 years and 7 months.
MENCHINI— In this city, March 16, 1898. Ba-
1 silio, dearly beloved husband of Angelina,
and father of Francis and Louisa Menchini.
a native of San Casciano di Controni, Italy,
; aged 31 years and 6 months.
O'BRIEN-In this city, March 16, 1898, Alice
J beloved wife of William H. O'Brien, a
native of Louisville, Ky., aged 43 years 4
f months and 6 days.
icr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' ! fully invited to attend the funeral to-moirow
' i (Friday) at 2 o'clock, from First Christian
Church, Twelfth street, between Mission and
I Howard. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
I PAREDES— In this city, March 16, 1893, Jesas
1 1 Maria beloved husband of Fannie w., and
father of Sarah, Frederick. Elvira. Arthur,
I Beatrice and the iate Esther, Edward and
Rudolph Paredee, a native of Mexico, aged
55 years 1 month and 24 days.
STURLA— In this city, March 16. 1898. Cath-
1 arine dearly beloved wife of Antony Sturla.
' ! and loving mother of Louise, Camttle and
• i George Sturla, a native of Italy, aged 45
CT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:l r > o'clock, from nor late resi-
; dence, 2414H Pine street, thence to St. Dotn-
lnic's Church, where a solemn high mass
will be celebrated for the respose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
; SULLIVAN— In North Temescal. March 15,
IS9B, Johanna Mathilda, dearly beloved wife
of John Sullivan, a native of Sweden, aged
40 years.
t (CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
> fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the nndertak-
! j ing parlors of Beaudry & McAvoy, 573 Wash-
ington street. Oakland, Cal. interment Lav-
. ' rel Hill Cemetery, San Francisco.
) WORTH— In the City and County Hospital,
J I March 16. IS9B. Frederick Harrison Worth, a
native of Kansas, aged 2. years.
IMc'avoy'&'g'allagher^T
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & KMBALMEHS I
10 lIITH ST., Opp. Lincoln StiuoL
Telephone, South SO. I
1314
hi ] THRE^GREATBARGAHHDAYS! m }
t FRIDAY : > To-flaQ, To-morrow and Saturdaß will be GREAT DAYS for ♦ FRIDAY, X
X ft i, ,,nniiu X e M BUYERS In evePß department of our mammoth establishment, as jsL>. X onTimnnv :
: SATURDAY, : we are now showing ADVANCE shipments of the NEWEST, *%* : SATURUAY. :
: : v MOST NOVEL and EXCLUSIVE CREATIONS of the leading * X X
•*■+**+***+*++++++++• American, French, German and English Fashion Authorities, «♦»♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•
" /mi nnrn nnrcc rnnnc nought for SPOT CASH from first hands and offered in connec- " Clf v nEDADTMEMT!
COLORED DRESS GOODS tion with the accompanuing EXTRA SPECIALS at SILK DbFAK 1 MtJN 1 !
DEPARTMENT! PriPP<\ Tllflt ATP V(\VO\)\\\l Tflflli^iVP ! 2 5c- ™ & '" [^^S^^'J-- ""* ™" " ** 1
7rtr 175 pieces DOUBLE FOLD FANCY CHECKED DRESS GOODS, sum- £ 1 ivljU 1 IIIXL 111 C 1 "1 \il Ul 1 llllLUlll IV ■ 65 C - £tSt C lhadS A £id B MSbSati?rS;%lf b? offefe^at 1*" .""
Z.\Jymt mer colorings; will be offered at 20c a yard. .1 s
146 pieces DOUBLE FOLD SCOTCH TARTAN PLAIDS; will be offered - r ~ ' — s ~^- < .._ ' V "~~ " '__ , ack BROCVDED SATIN, email and medium designs,
I* 146 pieces DOUBLE FOLD SCOTCH TARTAN PLAIDS; will be offered ~ LACE DEPARTMENT! CLOAK DEPARTMENT ! HOSIERY DEPARTMENT! 75C , 7^^^c^^^gg^. §%ogg
It :Z:/™ sii .k A^-^ L kov ELT v ch E cks. aM , , lM LACE DEPARTMENT! CLOAK DEPARTMENT ! HOSIERY DEPARTMENT ! 75c . -^^t^™^^-- - -*■ — * "» - *
35C of colorings, good value for 50c a yard; will be offered at 35c a yard. : ,„„. AVTI V4VV •
;~; ~ ' -, nnAA /,«u DTn r.u OD « m $A OK LADIES' BLACK AND NAVY 4O l p 100 ■ dozen CHILDREN'S FAST _.__. _, f , ps CHECKE D AND PLAID TAFFETA SILK, new designs and
/A/ , 79 pieces 40-INCH FANCY TWO-TONED DRESS GOODS, raised effects, \C\n 10X00 yards CAMBRIC EMBROID- 3>4«.y0 CLOTH SUITS, fly-front Jack- 1Z 2 C BLACK COTTON HOSE, fine and $1.00 Jhldineß worth $1 25 will be offered at $1 00 a yard.
40C extra value for 60c- will be offered at 40c a yard. IULr ERY, open patterns, well-made ets lined with India stripes, bicycle ribbed, in all sizes, extra I '^'^ shadlngs, wortn »i zo, wiit v
.... • goods, 4 and 6 inches wide good Skirts lined and bound; value heavy; usual price $2 50 dozen; will ■ _ _p pps *7-INCH BLACK MOIRE VELOUR, heavy quality, worth
SOC 67 pieces 38-INCH FANCY MIXED COVERT SUITING, new mixed value for "* On Special Sale at for $7 50. On Special Sale at be on sale at Repair. . $1.00 ii 5- will be offered at $1 a yard.
DUC effects, worth 65c a yard; will be offered at 50c a yard. 10c yard. $4 95. 7- /w^ ~"7^t r>T?*-\r-c5 ttart ouer«u * j
P- Oc S2 pieces MIXED SITING new styles $7.50 A own m; SUITS in gray Ja c d - 25C pt aw i i piniwn rnTTnii* $1-00 10 Dleces BLACK ARMURE SILK, heavy quality, perfect finish, worth
pr O - S2 pieces 3S-inch FRENCH NOVELTY MIXED SUITING, new styles $7.50 brown mixtures, fly-front fjack- . g^SE with wstf?ee? worth $?00 $1-00 j\° |; win be offerid at $1 a yard.
bOC and shadings. former price 65c a yard; will be offered at 50c a yard. ort 50W yards CAMBRIC EMBROID- ets lined with Bilk Sklrto. lined H O °zfn :' in MIS' will^eiSld at . ■ * ' VAMPV -p T A T^i7T:K~h a nd,om e new designs, rich color-
„ 57 pieces 44-INCH SILK AND WOOL AND ALL WOOL, new spring 20C SXTon'lSsata? Sp^Saie! Fh* ? 'O ° 25 ° P air " $1.25 %£«%££s<£; wiU^S o^e^ed a^U me ya^ deSl^ rtch COlor "
/DC dress goods, new designs, value for $1 25 a yard; will be offered at 75c a jide.jalue 30c. •On Special Bale at -.-.-,*."' o- ivvßl TTE SERCF 9^P 200 dozen LADIES' IMPORTED *+'*•*-'-' ings, worm »i w, s'i-^p
yard. 20c yard. $9.00 sA^^^n^ Jackets silk ZOC FAST BLACK REAL MACO -. o _ 80 nieces PLAIN AND CHANGEABLE TAFFETA SILK. 2T inches
v LI J S> r'tHmmed with braid SILK FINISH COTTON HOSE. $1.25 wide lilht and dark shades, extra heavy quality, worth $1 50; will be
-yr-- 42 pieces 39-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL NEW CHECKS, good value for fel<,^nJ^TvelTet bound' usual price $4 00 dozen; will be sold l '^^ offered It $125 a yard.
75C 00 a yard; wi,l be offered^7sc_a yard. 25c S^ard^ CAMBRIC EMBROID JgrU^g ff- oSft&Jfffli / «*» pair «-e^t LICK B AT«3iS«n B .:K.-« 1M«1 M « w,de, extra nne
9OC fra^J^^^^ o^ o^^- ValUe - Sale at 25c. SOTS in tan Covert 8^8SfflB«»!fc F fiß«S $ 1 50 qla^tyf worth « 00; will be offered at *50 a yard.
6 $IU.UU c i o th, and black and navy Chev- heavy with white toe and heel , .
c a. 49 pieces 52-INCH ALL-WOOL NAVY STORM SERGE, value for 75c 1O , ,_ „,,«„ DT ;^ lots, silk-lined fly-front Jackets, and all-white foot; usual price
DUC a yard- will be offered at 50c a yard. 25c 2000 yards IS-inch BLACK SILK Skirts double lined and bound; $6 00 dozen: will be on sale at - r- V-— -4 ' /J4 • JF ■ 9
-/vw ajara, . and VEILING, plain and dotted; the ' value for $15. On Special Sale 33 l-3c pair. I*i4!a«' 17! A rk ** A I HnttiAlC IllAlTaC 1
" 50c newest styles. On Special Sale at ■ at $10 00. __ „. mm 1 aIFto mrv ttqtf I Jl/IiPQ h1 M /I 11 11 (ull/lIIIiIIS lIIIIVIjSI
I AMEC CHIDT WAICTCI ™— -• $5.00^ K g^f ?£f 50c l^§o^^ Lames AIU dllU_uiawui» uiuvoa.
1 miillH^ \n 1/ 1/1/ mIVI V I SS 0 1611 ! of patterns • double ribbed: usual price $6 00 dozen;
LA 1/1 C^J aJIIIII 1 ? V AID IkJ I I^p 200 dozen LADIES' SHEER LAWN sa? S a?e^?»00 ; P WIU be sold for air ' 77 C n 65 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP KID GLOVES in tan. brown, green whit^
MJAMMSmmJ^S LSMMMMM. M Tf illi/ IU • lOC HANDKERCHIEFS, scalloped and _. _ lsl ° a '° -" .' _ If , TT?T; , 75C ox blood and black, regular value $1 00; will be on sale at 75c a pair.
" t '& h &<Sris. m a y il£ m e»- S l - 25 fc^*^€^4iS CORSETS. _ 30 dozen . LADIES ' 2 -CLASP-A^a¥iAN SUEDE GLOVES, in white.
SOC be A E L a™ RED SHIRT WAISTS> ln ChGCkS and StrlPeS: WIU bound. 'Sateatn'g «1 0 0 50 dozen LADIES' CORSETS in "^C only regular value $1 00; wintered at 75c a pair.
JUV be offered at oOc. wrnv cnrT-TTTnctCDIMr I *!•"" black white and drab; latest „ LADIES' 2-CLASP GENUINE FRENCH CHAMOIS SKIN
-7cr_-v LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, in percale and ginghams; Ol „5000„ 5000 yards BLACK AND CREAM VERY SPeCIAL UrrtKlNU ! T Bf niS't mS ™rt i OOC GLOVES (lamb back), in white and natural colors, regular value $1 00;
/DC regular price $1; will be offered at 75c. I^2^CHANTIL,LY LACE, Normandy 500 CHILDREN'S SAMPLE JACKETS, va?ue for Tito? will be sold for will be on special sale at 85c a pair.
(rt AA LADIES' FINE PERCALE AND GINGHAM SHIRT WAISTS, in Valenciennes, 3% and 4 inches wide. Empire^and" Russian's."^ in Reefers $100. ' r\f\~ 60 dozen LADIES' 4-BUTTON DORENA REAL ;KID GLOVES, in colors
U AA LADIES' FINE PERCALE AND GINGHAM SHIRT WAISTS, in On Special Sale at 12% c yard. Empire and Ru-ians. at $2 TA. $3 50* I UW ' C\f\^ 60 dozen LADIES' 4-BUTTON DORENA REAL KID GLOVES, in colors
S>I.UU plaids and checks, regular price $1 25; will be placed on sale at $1 00. $4 56, $6 00 and $7 00. These are new ; <|M 75 75 dozen LADIES' CORSETS in yUC and black (odd sizes), regular price $1 25; will be on sale at 90c a pair.
<T1 pr A LADIES' PERCALE AND GINGHAM SHIRT WAISTS, in flnequal- ' Spring: styles and are offered at a dis- ' Sateen? bone 'b^t, 6 two Tide ! < on 38 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP ARABIAN SUEDE GLOVES (3 rows
•&I.3vSity, latest styles, regular price $2 00; will be offered at $1 50. OK/, 300 pieces WHITE FRENCH VA- \ n „ „ r..« nif r.«,,i«. Pn!r« - steels, embroidered top and bot- j jI.UU embroidered), in brown, tan, mode, ox blood, green, white and black,
• LENCIENNES LACES, %to 1 I 30 Per Cent Ott Regular Prices. torn, made on French pattern; ] , extra good value, will be on sale at $1 00 a pair.
<T"> AALADIES 1 FINE GINGHAM AND PERCALE WAISTS, in latest UP inch, assorted patterns. On Special NEW BTYLEB IN CAPES, SUITS AND JACKETS good value for $2 25; will be sold 1 ' ivrvrF— Fvenv nalr Guaranteed and fitted.
3>Z«UU style plaid and checks, regular price $2 50; will be offered at $2 00. j sale at 25c to 50c a dozen. i CONSTANTLY ARRIVING. for $1 75. NOTE-fcvery pair guaranteed
(/(/ Murphy Building. J [/{/ Murphy Building. / (/(/ Murphy Building. / Building. / (/(/ Murphy Building, / (/If Murphy Building. J {/[/ Murphy Building. J
Mariet aid Jones Streets. Mariet and Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets. Martet and Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets. Martet and Jones Streets. Martet and Jones Streets.
BIG PROFITS
FOR FAVORED
CONTRACTORS
Rich Rewards for the
Insiders on Ferry
Depot Jobs.
Princely Prices Paid for
Putting in Cheap
Wooden Floors.
Some of the Figures With
Which Architect Swain
Justifies His Acts.
PINE INSTEAD OF OAK.
A Few Items of " Extras " That
Proved Costly to the Tax
payers.
Harbor Commissioner Colnon and
Architect Swain have no Information
for the public regarding their actions in
connection with the construction of the
ferry depot building.
Their silence, while significant, is not
particularly damaging — except to them
selves — because a big, shoddy building
over which they have exercised a gen
eral and personal supervision and an
empty treasury speak loud enough for
even the uninitiated to hear and under
>; 'v ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"HAIF
HUMORS
Itching, irritated, scaly, crusted Scalps, dry, thin,
and falling Hair, cleansed, pnrlfled, and beauti- I
lied by warm shampoos with Ccticttea. Soap,
and occasional dressings of Cuticbba, purest of
emollients, the greatest skin cures. '
(uticura
Treatment will produce a clean, healthy scalp
with luxuriant, lustrous hair, when all else falls. '
Sold throughout the world. Poms Deco abb Chek.
; Conr.. Sole Propj.. Bouon. : .- ■•...• ■;
(XT* " How to produce LazorUat Hair," nulled (ret. . .
GbflHC All CIDC with *e«ma IbiUoUt rrll*r«4
or Ino UR riflfc lyCgncOTtt Bzmidbs, _,
stand. As the days progress a few >
thousand dollars here and a few thou- |
sand dollars there are added to the sum
total of the stealings that have marked
the construction of the ferry building. !
It appears that not one of the dozen
contractors has been too small to par
ticipate in the distribution of good
things, and but few have failed to |
avail themselves of the golden opportu
nlties held out by the complaisant com
mlssioners and their official assistants.
The firm of Bateman Bros, appears
to have been more fortunate than some
PERTINENT QUESTIONS AND INTERESTING ANSWERS.
A SEARCH FOR MORE LIGHT.
The construction of the ferry building Is supposed to be
supervised by a first-class architect, who receives a liberal
compensation for his services. Is It possible that he has per
mitted the Irregularities daily dwelt upon by a contemporary
to pass without remonstrance? Has he consented to changes
Involving the use of inferior material without a protest? What
part has he played in the farce of striking from the plans a
number of floors in the tower, to be afterward restored at a
greatly increased expense? Did he approve of the substitu
tion of pine for oak and not warn the Commissioners that the
State should have the benefit of a great reduction if the com
moner lumber were used instead of the better and more costly?
These are all pertinent inquiries and should be answered.
There has unquestionably been a lot of "sculduggery," and
the public has a right to know whether the man whose busi
ness it was to prevent it was remiss In his duties. — From
an editorial in the Chronicle.
In annexing the ample profits that were
and are being handed out to the men
who are on the inside of the graceless
proceeding of trading the State's cash
for material and work that is a little
better, or a little worse, than nothing.
The most recent example of this favor
itism that has been brought to light is
the contract that has recently been
awarded them for laying pine floors in
the various offices on the ground floor
of the building.
The Harbor Commissioners
hare agreed to pay lie firm
$1868 for work which any com
petent contractor in the city
would be Rlad to take for
9467.
The offices on the ground floor that
are to be floored with Oregon pine * are
the offices designed for the use of Wells,
Fargo & j Co.'s ' Express, postoffice, ; nu
merous I ticket offices, reporter's ; room,
Chief .Wharfinger's office, telesraDb. of
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 17, 1898.
fice and news stand. These offices em
brace a total floor area of 11,676 square
feet. For laying the floors with Ore
gon pine' flooring the firm of Bateman
Bros, is to be paid at the rate of 16
cents a square foot. At this rate the
cost to the State will be $1868 16. All
contractors and a majority of business
men as well know that this style of
flooring can be laid at a profit at the
rate of ZM cents a foot. At the rate of
3% cents a foot the contract would be
sufficiently profitable to attract the
most fastidious contractor. Even if
figured at the rate of 4 cents a foot the
cost of the entire job would only
MR. SWAIN MAKES OPEN CONFESSION.
I have been an architect for a period of about thirty
years, and I am sufficiently egotistical to believe that I know
my business fairly well. If that were not the case I would
not be permitted to hold my present position. All of the
changes that have been made in the original plans and speci
fications for the ferry building have been made with my con
sent and have received my official approval. I did approve
of the substitution of pine for oak In the Interior finish of the
building, and It was with my approval that the Commissioners
paid the contractors $2995 more for putting in pine than
would have been paid them for putting In oak.
I approved of permitting the contractors to omit building
six floors in the tower, they In return agreeing to deduct $119
from the amount of their contract price. Later I approved of
allowing them $310 for building one of the discarded floors.
I think I have done my duty. — From an interview -with •
Architect Swain.
amount to $467 04. What advantage
there Is in being on the "inside" may
be seen by a glance at the following
figures:
11.070 reet at 16 cents $186$ 16
11,676 feet at 4 cents... IU7OI
Net loss to State ftl-10l 19
This is not only a net loss to the
j State, but it is also a net gain to the
contractors, over and abcrve what would
be more than a legitimate profit if they
had secured the contract for the work
at the rate of 4 cents a square foot.
What inducement, if any, is offered the
members of the State Board of Harbor
Commissioners to grant a contract of
this kind, or for what reason Architect
Swain is content to set the seal of his
! approval upon such a manifest "gouge,"
I does not appear. The Commissioners
refuse to discuss the matter, and Mr.
Swain declines to defend his official
acts.
"I approved of the estimates allow
ing the Bateman Bros. 16 cents a foot
for laying the pine floors in the offices
an the ground float of the ferry build
ing," he said yesterday, "and that is
all I will say about the matter. I am
willing to stand by my acts in this and
all other matters. I decline to give any
more information on this or any other
point pertaining to the construction of
the ferry building."
Among other things that Mr. Swain
declined to discuss was the method by
which he computed the difference in
cost between the construction of oak
partitions, as contemplated by the orig
inal plans and specifications, and the
construction of pine partitions, as car
ried out by the contractors at an addi
tional cost to the State of $2995. In the
absence of any oral statement his writ
ten communication to the board on the
subject may be taken as his official ex
pression of opinion on the subject. It
follows:
SAN FRANCISCO. April 8, 1897.
Board of State Harbor Commissioners-
Gentlemen: Referring to the bid sub
mitted vo your board by Bateman Bros.,
contractors, for carpenter work. plaster-
Ing and glazing work of Union Depot and
Ferry House, offering to erect all addi
tional partitions to waiting rooms of first
and second stnries of the building, as per
plans Nos. 2(!9 and 210. dated January 23,
1597. doubling all partitions at lavatories,
ticket offices, baggage rooms, AVells-
Fargo office and postoffice. and changing
the material from oak. as originally speci
fied, to kiln-dried Oregon pine, for the
sum of $2995, which bid was referred to
me for investigation. I beg to say that
I went over same carefully at the time it
was submitted to me and made a report,
as per communication of March 4. 1897,
■hich I stated that I found the figures
prices to be correct and reasonable
would recommend their adoption.
Ing been requested by your board to
make a detailed statement regarding the
above, I beg to submit the following:
Ire follows a list that shows that
evised plans call for 7181 feet of
partitions, twelve feet in height,
'hich he allows the contractors $3
neal foot, or a total of $21,543. As
ist this he charges the work as
1 for by the original plans. Under
head he enumerates 3244 feet of
oak partitions on the first and second
floors.
This he figures at only 94 2O a
lineal foot, though at the time
kiln. dried Oregon pine won
gelling? in open market at $3O a
thousand feet, while oak was
selling at $1»O a thousand Feet.
; The list continues, undar the heading;
- -~ ... gsfe^sa^aaMMMM
"Omitting All Work On the Mezzanine
Story," by enumerating: 87 door open
ings, plastering and other items of
smaller value, and concludes by giving
$17,721 30 as the value of all the work
omitted from the original specifica
tions.
Although mention is made of
eighty - tteven door openinsr*
omitted from the mezzanine
story, not one word Is said
about the omission of* the par
■
titions in which these eighty.
seven door openings occurred.
The original contract called
for the building; of thirty- five
rooms on the mezzanine floor,
yet when it was <lecided to
omit all work planned lor this
floor the. work and expense of
building: these partitions was
not charged against the con.
tractors. It is just possible
that this is one of the reasons
that caused Mr. Swain to come
to the determination not to
discuss the matter.
The amount allowed for the original
work not required, $17,721 30, subtract
ed from $21,543, the amount charged by
the contractors for putting in the pine
partitions called for by the new speci
fications, leaves a total of $3821 70 in
favor of the contractors. As the Com
missioners could not vote this amount
to the contractors on account of the
law requiring that bids must be asked
for by advertisement fi>r work amount
ing to more than $3000. Mr. Swain put
in a final item of "General Reduction
on Above Figures— sß26 70." This
brought the extra compensation re
quired by the contractors down to $2995,
which amount was promptly voted by
the Commissioners.
To sum the matter up briefly:
In exchange for £3995 in
cash, 394141 feet of oak parti,
tious on the first and second
floors, all of the oak partitions
for thirty-five rooms on the
mezzanine floor, 139 door
openings finished in oak, 114
window openings finished in
oak, 5000 square yards of plas
tering, 15,«5OO square feet of
flooring, besides oak base and
various sundries, the Commis
sioners, and through them the
State, received 71N1 feet of
Oregon pine partitions.
.. ADVERTISEMENTS.^^ _-_,--.-,_-.
.-/Sk DR. SOPER'S
i^P ■ Special Offer
ffi\J^W-^^P¥^ To those who begin treatment before April 2, after
traßSNSSiiP^'^*- which date his prices must be increased. He GUAR-
•^lln^NlFS^^^ AN TEES to cure every case he accepts for the price
,s*r to^gSp^ quoted below, including all medicines.
Catarrh . $20 00 Piles ...................$2O 00 1 Kidney Diseases .........$2O 00
Rheumatism ...........!'! 20 00 Paralysis .................. 60 00 Nervous Debility ......... 20 00
Neuralgia ..........;...... 20 00 Skin Diseases 20 00 Syphilis 30 00
Sciatica .:......:.... 20 00 Diabetes .:............ 25 00 aricocele ..20 00
Fistula 30 00 Ulcers (chronic) 40 00 I Stricture ..: 30 00
Asthma .................... 25 00 Bladder Diseases .;...... 20 00 Rupture ........:.........:. 40 00
Gravel .......:............. 20 00 Bronchitis :.... 20 00 Loss of Manhood ........ 20 00
Consumption,' Ist stage... 30 00 Epilepsy = or. Fits .."....:.. 30 00 | Gonorrhoea 10 00
Tape Worm ..:.... 20 00 Diseases of Liver 20 00 i Gleet ■■■■■■■ 15 00
Dropsy .".. ................ 30 00 'Goitre or Thick Neck.... 30 00 Prostatlc Diseases ......; 20 00
"Dyspepsia .:...-...-..•.... :...10 00 Salt Rheum ............;. 25 00 j Tumors ......... $60 to $200
Deafness :..:.:...:.. "...'...V 30 00 Bright' Disease ......... 40 00 1 Cancer $75 to $250
If incurable you will be told so, thus saving you time: and money. :,--~^ ■
During the past • five ' months . 3572 ; were examined ; and 1294 were rejected as Incurable. -
MEN who are Nervous. Despondent. Diseased and Weak from early indiscretion an.l excess
in life readily restored by the Neutralizing System.., DISEASES OF WOMEN treated by an
entirely new and DaimeßS method. - Those unable to call Inclose history and stamp for reply. -
: : :r: CONSULTATION AND ADVICE ' •
- ; • Hours 10 to 13 a. M.. 2to 6 and 7toBp.m. : ,j Sundays, 10 to 13 a. m. v.
DR. A. SOPER'S SANITARIUM, 524 TAYLOR ST* j^jRSKW
Other and important reductions were
made in this amended contract. Among
them were: Omitting all coverings on
lavatories, making windows stationary
and omitting openings to same, using
16 ounce glass in lights of 18 inches
square or less, reductions in details of
doors, transoms, inside finish and hard
ware. In the architect's memorandum
of moneys paid to Bateman Bros, it is
shown that 3-16 corrugated glass was
substituted for 16 ounce sheet glass. The
memorandum shows that the contrac
tor received for these reductions the
sum of $551 25. From such data as is
obtainable it is shown that the firm of
Bateman Bros, was paid a total of
$9115 70 for extras. This amount, added
to the amount of their original con
tract $48,400, makes a total of $57,515.
For this money the State gets pine in
stead of oak partitions on the first and
second stories, and gets nothing at all
on the mezzanine floor where thirty
flve rooms were to be finished in oak.
This item of woodwork is only one of
the many jobs that are being brought
to the surface by the investigation that
is being made of the construction of the
ferry depot building and those who are
responsible for what is being done in
connection with the work. It will serve
as an illustration to show how the
State's money is being expended.
FUNERAL OF MISS SCHXTLTZ.
Last Sad and Touching Tribute at
the Home of the Parents. ,
As Priscilla "will live forever in the
hearts of those who follow puritanical
history, so will live in the memory of the
musical people of this city Miss Florence
Muriel Schultz. who personated the pil
grim maiden at the California Theater
during the Columbia Pageant. No monu
ment will be erected to the memory of the
beautiful and accomplished daughter of
Professor and Mrs. Martin Schultz It
will be found in the hearts of those that
knew and loved her. •
The funeral services were held at 10
o'clock yesterday morning at the resi
dence ;of the grief stricken parents, 221
Pierce street. Loving relatives and
friends had sent most j beautiful floral
tributes, two very exquisite pieces being
from Miss Schultz's classmates of the
Crocker School. Rev. C. R. Brown of the
First Congregational Church of Oakland
officiated at the services, and musical
selections were rendered by Messrs. Sam
Mayer Jones, Fleming and Ogilvie. Atier
the services at the residence the remains
■^re sent to Odd Fellows Cemetery for
cremation.
: ■ • ■ — — T ■":
Libel Against the Martha Davis.
Assistant United States Attorney Knlgnt
yesterday filed in the United States Dsis
trict Court a libel against the bark Mar
tha Davis for $2000, the alleged value of
damages inflicted upon the Government
steamer Patterson on March 10 by the
Davis colliding with the steamer.
QUAUTY
CffOCEff/ES.
We have attained the leadership in gro-
cery-selling. Our customers naturally
expect to find the prices lower here the
elsewhere, and they are never disLlj/.
pointed, qualities considered. Get into?
line with the low-price buyers,
SPECIALS FOR
TfICRSDAY==FRIDAY==SATDRDAY
Maple Syrup, quart jar - - - 80c
2-quart jar - - - 65c
The genuine Vermont article.
Regular price 45c and 75c.
Clam Chowder, 3-lb tin- - - 20c
Burnham's delicious chowder,
carefully and scientifically prepared.
Regular price 25c.
English Mustard, per lb - - - SOo
• Keene's, equal to any.
Put up in *4 and % lb tins.
Regular price 60c.
Whisky, Bourbon, bot. 75e, 8 bots $2
E. C. Berry, Spring '90, gallon - $3
Regular price $1 and $4.
Mushrooms, large tin - - - 20a
F. Le Court, . Paris.
Regular : price 25c.
Sautepne, gallon ----- 400
The pure and healthy product
' of the vine.
Regular price 75c
Bend or ask for new catalogue.
21 STOCKTON ST., 1 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. I Telephone West 153.
_ . ___ _____ , __ .
000000000000000000
0 cv
q Cash or Little-at-a-Time Payment*. Q y
O V >S_r'O;
% A STRONG o
1 LOUNGE, g
O With good figured • _ O
q covering and plush tJ>_jL«t>o O
q trimmings. .... .* _ Q
o o
q When you buy of us you don't q
_ need cash ; we'll take your promise q
to pay, and won't hurry you. •
® An inspection of oui» goods and
© prices will satisfy you of fair treat- ®
O ment here. We keep : everything ©
Q that goes to furnish a home. O
q O
§ J. NOONAN, %
O 1017 to 1023 MISSION STREET, °
! O 516 to 532 MINNA STREET, O
O ABOVE SIXTH. O
O ~ Phone Open O
" South 14. Evenings. °
o 0 00 00000 00 00000
IPNH Wk
aga^A-gggMb Everybody Wears One P
ife^TG^^^/.Ournew pin, a miniature of
> * the famous battle-ship Maine
; - *7nP- ■ ■ ' : sunk in Havana Harbor ; m°
II .:•- . of fine silver or gold plate, with)
II -• ■; whlteenameHedhullandblack
- ■_■"■' guns— exact Imitation. -We
FREE to anyone sending 10 cents In stamps to *
rKEK to anyone senUingr us 10 centa in stamps to
pay postage, etc., on the pla aad our elerant cata»
JORue or Jewelry. CO.. . Ataelyro, lsp+! .
CLKI'Ui JSW£LBY CO.. . Attlebore. *lv*