JVOLIME LXXXIII.— NO. 41.
TELLS OF
HORRORS
IN CUBA
Congressman King BaGk
From the Stricken
Island.
Reconcentrados in a Most Piti=
able Condition, and Many Are
Dying Like Sheep in the
Streets of Towns.
TAMPA, Fla., Jan. 8. — After spending several weeks making per
sonal Investigation of the situation in Cuba, Congressman King of Utah
arrived here, this evening. His tour covered four provinces and was
thorough. Speaking of his trip, he said:
"I made It a point to learn Just what the conditions were, and I found
that no one has ever half depicted the awful horrors of the reconcen
trados. Those people, naked and starving, are still dying like sheep in
the streets of the towns where they are still huddled. To realize just
what this means, one must see for himself. I found that the Spanish
people have evidently very little faith In the new autonomical govern
ment, for they are strongly in favor of annexation and want it at
once.
"General Blanco has not succeeded In his efforts tr> alleviate the suf
fering, for he has not had financial means to carry it out. I have in
terviewed insurgent leaders, Spanish officers and Americans, and have
6ome definite idea of what is going on in that terribly devastated is
land. I know positively that General Lee is now going out with Gen
eraJ Blanco to see General Gomez."
As Mr. King saw General Lee yesterday, he evidently speaks with
authority.
Professor Hermann Schoenfeld of Columbian University came on the
same boat. He has been making Investigations for the purpose of writ
ing magazine articles for Germany and Austria. He corroborated in
the main Mr. King's views, but thinks the war will continue a long
time.
HAVANA, Jan. 9.— To-day at the residence of Dr. Villiosola of the
special committee appointed by Senor Bruzon, Governor of Havana,
and Consul General Fitzhugh Lee to superintend the work, took place
the first distribution of supplies received from the United States Con
sulate for the reconcentrados.
La Discusion refers in phrases of profuse gratitude to the Ameri
can charity. It published to-day a special supplement, the proceeds of
the sale of which will be turned over to the relief fund. In a leading
editorial. La Discusion asks the insurgents, in the name of humanity
and tor the sake of their mothers, wives, sisters and children dying of
starvation, to lay down their arms and make peace with the Govern
ment.
LOSE A TRAIL AND
FREEZE TO DEATH
Fat© of William Putnam and
Parrish Johnson Up In
Washington.
Yl»elr Bodies Recovered t>y * Search
ing Party — Evidences of
Terrible Suffering.
Epectal Dispatch to The Call.
COULEE CITY, "Wash., Jan. 9.— Will
.lam Putnam and Parrish Johnson, one
. t>f the oldest settlers of Douglas coun
ty, perished in the snow in the Grand
. Coulee country in the latter part of De
cember, and a searching party has just
come in with their frozen bodies. Al
though they had but twenty miles to
go over a trail, the men had wandered
over 100 mixes in a circle, as the search
ing party traced, and had gone four
days without food. Johnson, in his des
peration, had cut or gnawed his hand
and had sucked the blood in a vain
hope of retaining vitality. Johnson,
like Putnam, lay stiff In the snow, but
seven miles further on.
Putnam arrived here December 20,
having been released the day before
from the Medical Lake Insane Asylum.
He was met by his father-in-law, Jo-hn
son. The two set out for their homes
In Cold Spring Basin, thirty miles
northeast of Waterville. They were
advised to go by stage around a longer
road, but from motives of economy
they preferred to go across country.
The first night they stopped at the
home of G. W. Holt, about twelve miles
from Coulee City. The next morning
they left on snow shoes.
Word was received here last week
that they had failed to reach their
homes, and alarm was felt for their
safety. A searching party started out
last Tuesday to follow the trail. The
searchers struck the trail, and found
that evidently in the dense fog that
■had prevailed for weeks the men had
l>f(-ome bewildered. Tuesday evening
■the searchers returned, rigged them
■ ißelvea out with toboggans, blankets
and food, and then followed the trail
■'■for four days. Saturday morning they
•came upon the body of Johnson, the
: feet in a badger hole and the bloody
.'.h-and Hasped close to his mouth. The
.two had separated a short distance
t.a-rk. Putnam's trail was followed aft
«r'Johnson's body was found. Putnam
..har) prono on in a winding course, and
.-. -had filially lain down, crossed his
h;in<ls over his breast and died.
:.'s|te.bodffes were brought to the home
r>f O. TV. Holt and the coroner notified.
Roth men loavp families. They were
highly rrsported in the country.
NORWEGIAN BARK AT THE
MERCY OF A HURRICANE.
Submerged for a Time, Her Wheelman
Drowned and the Captain Was Washed
Overboard and Back Again.
QUEENSTOWX, Jan. 9.— The Nor
wegian bark Hovding, Captain Rey
nolds, which arrived here yesterday
from Penßacola. was terribly battered
by a hurricane December 20th She
was submerged for a time and the
wheelman was drowned. Afterward a
The San Francisco Call
huge sea washed off the captain. One
of his legs caught in the Bpanker-sheet
and he was dragged into the boiling
surf. A few minutes later another
wave washed him on deck. The flesh
was torn off his leg. The cabin was
gutted and the charts and compasses
were destroyed. Several of the crew
were injured.
♦
McKENNA'S NOMINATION
WILL NOW BE CONSIDERED.
Protests From the Pacific Coast to Be Con
sidered, but They Will Not Prerent
the Confirmation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 9.— The
Senate Committee on Judiciary will
meet to-morrow and formally consider
the nomination of Attorney-General
McKenna to be Associate Justice of
the United States Supreme Court. The
committee will examine the protests
filed against Judge AicKenna, and it
is known that some of its members
are opposed to the nomination. It is
probable, however, that there will be
no strong fight on Mr. McKenna in the
Senate. The opposition to him will be
mainly in the form of remonstrances
from the judiciary of the Pacific
Coast. These will be given considera
tion by the committee, but the belief
is that the nomination will be con
firmed.
NEWS OF THE DAY.
I
Weather forecast for San Francis
co: Fair Monday; continued cold
weather; light northerly winds.
Temperature for the past twenty
four hours:
San Francisco 4<l degrees '
Portland 38 decrees
Los Angeles 52 decrees
San Diego 56 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Starvation In Cuba. ■
Bribery to Beat Hanna.
Americans Jailed In Honduras.
Jubilee Queen Chosen.
SECOND PAGE.
Los Angeles School Scandal.
The Oklahoma Barbarity.
Annexation to Be Defeated. :
Rains In California. •
Coursing at Sacramento.
THIRD PAGE.
War In the Soudan.
Mountains of Ore In Alaska,
lone School Affairs.
Quesada's Animus Shown.
FOURTH PAGE. *
Editorial.
The First Business Week.
Plans for Currency Reform.
Reciprocity and California.
Bryan's Latest.
•Individual Thoughts" by a Modest
Critic.
Personals and Queries.
FIFTH PAGE.
Peruvian Prospectors Return.
'.Tried Twice .to , Die.
Evangelist Hilton at Work.
Return of Mrs. Collier.
SIXTH PAGE.
Search for a. Missing Woman.
How Gardiner Was Shot.
SEVENTH PAGE.
Lees Is Not Interested.
News from Across. the Bay.
EIGHTH PAGE.
National Guard Notes.
On the Shooting Range.
NINTH PAQK.
Births. Marriages. Deaths,
TENTH PAGE.
Coursing at Ingleside.
Bade Farewell to Cornwall.
Derham Is Indignant. • '.-♦*"•'»,
Disposal of Durrant's Body.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1898.
MISS MINNIE KLEVESAHL, THE JUBILEE QUEEN.
BRIBES ARE
OFFERED TO
BEAT HANNA
Men in the Combine
Are Caught in
a Trap.
Alleged Tender of Five
Thousand Dollars for
One Vote.
Conferences of the Rival Fac
tions Held Day and
Night.
TROUBLE IS ANTICIPATED.
Opposing Forces May Clash During
the Inauguration and the Big
Mass- Meeting.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. Jan. 9.— The Sen
atorial situation has not changed to
day. The conferences continue day
and night and the doubtful members
are given no rest. But no such Hops
were announced to-day as those of the
previous days In favor of Hanna. The
workers for the Senator say they now
have enough votes. The Kurtz work
ers say they can spare another vote or
two and still defeat Hanna. But they
insist that they have lost all of their
doubtful men now, and will stand to
the last with at least eight Republi
can and sixty-five Democratic mem
bers against Hanna. They even say
that they expect to get Manuel of
Montgomery and Griffith of Union
back on their Bide again before Tues
day. It Is also claimed by the oppo
sition that while Senator Hanna's
forces have been charging on their
lines that they have been successfully
attacking his lines and have promises
from members on whom the Senator
has been depending. The Hanna men
claim two accessions to-day, but they
will not give any names, as they did
those of Representative Manuel Fri
day night and of Representative Grif
fith last night.
The opposition to Hanna has no bet
ting yet in its favor. The bets, rang
ing, from $500 to $5000 for even money
on Hanna's election, have remained
posted at the Neil House for two days
without takers. None of the bets are
on the result of the first or any other
ballot, but all are offered on the final
result.
While the workers on both sides
have been chasing doubtful members
and holding; secret conferences to-day,
the general public has been agitated
over the result to-morrow of the inau
guration at noon and the Hanna mass
meetin* In the afternoon. Both sides
are to-day arranging to avoid street
collisions or any kind of trouble, if.pos
sible, at that time. The mass-meeting
will not be called to onler by Chair
man Geo'ge V. Nasn of the State Re
publican Committee till 3 p. m., and
those In charge of the inauguration of
Governor Bushnell will seek to have
the inauguration exercises over be
fore the clubs begin the march to the
Auditorium for the mass-meeting.
The railroads arranged to run
the excursion trains for those attending
the Inauguration early In the morning,
and for those coming to the mass-meet
ing later in the day. The Hanna men
are seeking to have as many here as
! possible in the afternoon, and the oppo
i sltion Is equally energetic in rallying
j all they can In the different counties
! for the morning demonstration. The
'• militia and other organizations are ar
riving to-night to take part in the In
auguration. In the morning parade
there will be a marked absence of Re
publican clubs. All the police of the
i city and many detectives will be on
hand for both occasions. There have.
In addition to the regular number, been
over 100 sergeants-at-arms appointed
for the mass-convention In the after
noon, with ex-Chief of Police Alexis
Keeler as chief sergeant- at-arms.
Chairman Nash will state the object
of the mass-convention — that it was
called on the requests of county Re
publican committees, etc. — and then he
will introduce as chairman of the con
vention Congressman Walter Weaver
|of Springfield, who was spokesman
i last week of the Republican delegation
that came from Bushnell's home to call
j on the Governor and protest against
| the course of his Excellency in this
! Senatorial contest. A. C. Came and
John R. Malloy, the Republican caucus
candidates respectively for clerks of
the Senate and the House, will be £he
secretaries. All the Republican caucus
nominees, who were defeated by the
ten Republican members voting with
the Democrats on the organlzatfon of
the Legislature, are included in the list
! of sergeants-at-arms.
While the resolutions that will be
presented at the mass-convention to
morrow will not differ materially from
those heretofore adopted in the coun
ties, it is Intimated that there will be
one appealing to Senator Forake*, as
the senior Senator from Ohio, to de
clare himself. There is no doubt about
the tone of the resolutions on Governor
Bushnell and the bolting Republican
members, and in them demanding the
resignation of Charles L. Kurtz as the
Ohio member of the Republican Na
tional Committee, but there are differ
ences of opinion among the Republican
Since the epidemic of local Indignation
meetings and the crusade for a gener
al gathering here to-morrow, some of
the managers of the opposition say two
mistakes have been made on their side.
The first alleged mistake was in ex
posing their strength in organizing the
Legislature, and the second in allow
ing It to adjourn from Wednesday un
til Monday, so that such members as
Manuel of Montgomery and Griffith of
Union could go home and meet their
constituents. It was thought the or
ganization of the Legislature was a set
tled thing, but it is cited that since
Mason has been made Speaker, he is
calling on Senator Hanna, and since
Griffith has been sworn In as Speaker
pro tern, he has come out publicly for
Hanna. Representative Joyce of
Guernsey, who voted with "the com
bine" in organization, his announced
positively that he will support Hanna.
His opposition was solely against Box
well for Speaker. Meantime, Jones of
Continued on Second. Pace.
AMERICANS
IMPRISONED
IN HONDURAS
Harsh Treatment of
the Crew of a
Schooner.
Arrested on a Charge of
Smuggling and Sent
to Jail.
Captain Gomez, Commander
of the Vessel, Dies After
Being Liberated.
KEPT IN FILTHY CELLS.
Those Who Survived the Fearful
Ordeal Will Enter Demands for
Heavy Indemnity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— A Herald spe
cial from Key West, Fla.. says: Par
ticulars have been received here of the
confiscation of the American schooner
Alice Vane and the imprisonment of
her crew for an alleged attempt to de
fraud the customs revenue at the Port
of Omoa, Honduras. The Alice Vane
Is owned by George H. Curry, a prom
inent merchant of this city. She is
about sixty tons' burden. In June
last she cleared for Havana, Cuba, In
ballast, with Felepe Gomez, a natural
ized American citizen, as master and a
crew of six. After remaining in Ha
vana a few days the schooner sailed
for Livingston, Guatemala, on a trad-
Ing voyage.
According to the Information Just re
ceived, it appears that the Alice Vane
subsequently cleared in due form some
time in July last from Livingston for
Ceiba, Honduras, and when on her voy
age became becalmed off the Honduras
coast, a few miles from Omoa, a small
town on the Bay of Honduras near the
mouth of the River Matagua. There
she was boarded by an armed force,
which forcibly took possession of the
vessel and carried her to Omoa, where
the crew was imprisoned.
The Honduras authorities assert the
crew waa caught red-handed selling
liquors on board the schooner to na
tives who had come off in small boats,
and also that the schooner had previ
ously been engaged in extensive smug
gling along the coast. They declared
the vessel forfeited under law, and in
stituted proceedings against the crew
for smuggling. The men were thrown
into prison in Omoa, where they were
kept in close confinement in a small,
filthy cell and ill-fed until they became
so weak and emaciated that life wai
despaired of, and it was deemed advli
Contlnued on Second Pa**.
WILL WEAR
THE ROBES
OF ROYALTY
Miss Minnie Klevesahl
Chosen 'Queen of the
Golden Jubilee.
The Ancient Order of Hibernians
Will Add Over Two Thou=
sand Men to Swell the
Mighty Parade.
Queen California has at last been
chosen and It now behooves all the sub
jects of the golden realm, over which
her gentle scepter will hold sway dur
ing the Jubilee week, not only to do all
they can individually to make her reign
a success, but to see to it that of all
the knights whose homage is her birth
right not one shall prove recalcitrant.
When, at the beginning of the prepa
rations for the Golden Jubilee It was
decided to have a queen the committee
having the affair in charge, realizing
the fact that none could play the role
half so well as a maiden of the royal
State, put the entire matter Into the
hands of the Daughters of the Golden
West, who yesterday held a meeting in
the rooms of their organization, on Ma-
son street, and unanimously decided
that none of their number would wear
a crown with greater dignity than Miss
Minnie Klevesahl. whom they accord
ingly elected queen of the Jubilee.
Miss Klevesahl is a typical daughter
of California. She was born in San
Francisco a little more than twenty
years ago and has grown up to woman
hood in this city, receiving her edu
cation, character and impressions en
tirely from the beautiful State she is
to represent.
She has been a member of the Native
Daughters of the Golden West for the
last five or six years and is one of the
trustees of La Estrella Parlor No. 89,
which she herself helped to found a lit
tle over a year ago. In appearance
Miss Klevesahl is a demi-blonde, with
dark blue eyes and a wealth of soft
brown hair. Her figure is of the
Junoesque type, splendidly propor
tioned.
The construction of the royal float
has not been finally decided upon, but,
If the plans now under consideration
are carried Into effect, it will be a most
elaborate affair. It Is proposed to have
it built In circular form. In the center
will be a six pointed star resting on a
low pedestal. This star will be compos
of yellow California poppies; raising
from the center of the star will be a
floral crescent held in place by floral
uprights, forming a sylvian bower. In
the center of the crescent the Queen
will be seated in a reclining position.
From the six points of the star ropes
of flowers and golden stars will stretch
and the end of each rope will be held
by a richly attired maid-of-honor who
will walk beside the float.
The names of the malds-of-honor,
who will be chosen from native daugh
ters of Oakland and San Francisco, will
not be known until after the meeting,
which is to be held in the Palace Hotel
to-morrow for that purpose.
Yesterday the Ancient Order of
Hibernians held a meeting at Teutonla
Hall, 1320 Howard street, and decided
to turn out in a body — two thousand
strong — in the parade on the 24th. The
society wishes It understood that it is
not parading as a Celtic organization,
but as citizens of California.
In preparing for putting in motion
the vast assemblage which will com
pose the Jubilee parade, the committee
has decided to station troops along
East street and up Market street to
ward the City Hall. Those companies
who will be unable to be in this line
will be stationed on the various streets
running off Market street to the south
and will fall Into line in turn as the
procession moves on.
It has been decided to make a com
petition between the regular troops
and the militia a feature of the parade,
with a view of determining the rela
tive efficiency of both. Owing to the
number of organizations signifying
their intention of taking part In the
parade, the committee having charge
of that matter has decided that all or
ganizations intending to participate
shall send in their notification before
January 15, and not as previously an
nounced before January 17.
Besides the regular military and so- i
cial organizations there will be a body j
of over five hundred school children in !
the parade, under the direction of Pro
fessor George Miehling of the Olympic j
Club, who has been drilling them spe- >
cially for the occasion. Because of ;
this and so that the children may have
plenty of time to enjoy the Jubilee to
the utmost, the Board of Education j
may decide to give the schools a week's j
vacation during Jubilee week, instead \
of the regular vacation, which occurs j
in March.
Arrangements are also being made
for a children's day In Golden Gate
Park. The Park Commissioners and
George M. Murphy, who has charge of
the children's playground, are anxious
to give the little ones a royal good
time. So they are going to ask the
society ladies of the city to raise
among their friends $1006 to provide
candy and other good things for the
Jess fortunate youngsters of the city.
There will be plenty of sport for
those of an athletio turn of mind. On
January 25 there will ba a football
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
game between members of the Na
tional Guard and the regular army,
and on the 27th the combined turners*
societies will give a monster entertain
ment in Woodward's Pavilion.
Native Californians are not the only
ones to whom the Jubilee is a matter
of moment. The Chinese are more
stirred up over this than over anything
that has ever occurred in this city.
They intend taking part in the parade
and will have their own marshals and
a division all tp themselves.
An Interesting and unique feature of
the night illumination will be fur
nished by the management of the Mt
Tamalpais Scenic Railway Company,
who intend to convert the top of the
mountain into a flaming volcano by
means of an unlimited quantity of red
fire.
Yesterday the general committee of
arrangements in charge of Nevada
County's proposed exhibition of mining
products met. Members attended from
all parts of the country and so much
enthusiasm was shown that not less
than 150 tons of gold-bearing ores and
gravel will be sent down.
The following executive committee
was appointed: W. F. Englebright,
John F. Kidder, E. M. Preston, A. S.
Tickell, W. McKinley, Charles E.
Clinch, George Mainhart and T. H.
Wilhelm.
THREE BODIES FROM
THE CARMEL MINE.
Men Who Were Supposed to Be Alive Per-
/shed From the Fearful Explosion
in a Shaft.
PITTSBURG, Kans., Jan. 9.— The
bodies" of John Possing, Charles Win
; ters and Anton Weinburger, the miners
• who it was last night thought were
! alive in the Mount Carmel Coal "Com
l pany's mine, were brought up at noon
I to-day. Neither Weinburger nor Win
| ters showed signs of having suffered
i any violence and it is believed they
! were smothered to death. Possing was
horribly burned and was almost un
! recognizable. James Zimmerman, who
was last night- reported as among the
! rescued, was the last man taken out
; to-day. Although badly burned, he
I will recover. Possing was 29 years old
i and leaves a widow and children; Win-"
j ters, who was 25 years old, was the
{ sole support of aged parents; Wein
| burger was single. The bodies were re
j moved to the company's store. An ln
1 quest was begun, but adjourned till to
morrow.
The mine is badly damaged. Although
the cause of the explosion has not been
determined, it is believed to have re
sulted from dust created by one of the
shots fired. No. 5 is the largest shaft of
the Mount Carmel Company and this
winter It has been worked by three
shifts, aggregating 300 miners.
NEW TO-DAY.
a story that would
seldom be told if women would but properly
prepare themselves for the duties of moth-
erhood. If a woman will take the right cara
of the organs that make motherhood possi-
ble, approaching maternity will have no
fears for her. Nature intended that all wo-
men should bear children, and did not mean
that thia duty should be a cruel torture.
Woman's own ignorance and neglect have
made it so.
All weakness and disease of woman's re-
productive organism are cured by Doctor
Pierce' 3 Favorite Prescription. It acts di-
rectly upon these organs. It makes them
strong and healthy. It prepares them for
approaching maternity. It allays the dis-
comforts of the expectant period. It makes
baby's coining easy and comparatively pain-
less, and insures the health of the child.
All good druggists sell it.
" I have had three miscarriages," writes Mrs.
T. L. Shaffer, of Ney, Sully Co. , S. Dakota. " Last
Spring I received one of your Memorandum
Books in which I found your ' Favorite Prescrip-
tion ' recommended to prevent it. I took eleren
bottles of it and have a bright boy five months
old. which I owe to God and your medicine."
What woman does not wish to make her
family cares as light as possible, consistent
with her family's well-being? The greatest
care of all is the fear of sickness. It is a
common saying amongst conscientious
mothers: "As long as the" children are well,
I don't mind anything else." For these-
mother? Dr. Pierces Common Sense Med-
ical Adviser would prove "The shadow of
a great rock in a weary land." This book
of i,coB pages, profusely illustrated, gives
plain talks and kindly sensible medical ad-
vice. It is peculiarly valuable for mothers
of young daughters. More than a naif a
million copies of this book have been sold
for $1.50 each. Now there is an enormous
edition to be given away. Send 21 one-cent
stamps, to cover cost of mailing only, for
a copy in paper cover. For cloth binding,
•end 31 one-cent stamps. World's Dispen-
sary Medical Association, Buffalo, N. V. '2
PERSECUTION
RATHER THAN
PROSECUTION
Light Upon the Los
Angeles School
Inquiry.
Combines to Punish One
Offender and Shield
Others.
Cruel and Persistent Attacks on
Webb by the Local Press
Ring.
REV. BURT HOWARDTALKS
Admits That He May Have Besn Made
wn Unconscious Instrument In
the Conspiracy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 9.— Rev. Burt
Estes Howard, the pastor of the First
Presbyterian Church of Los Angeles, is
one of the leading spirits in the prose
cution undertaken by the League for
Better City Government against Wal
ter L. Webb. He is one of the three
who constitute the municipal reform
committee of the league. The other two
are George Parsons and Charles For
man. This committee is in charge of
all matters pertaining to the exposure
and punishment of wrong-doing in the
public affairs of the city.
Mr. Howard declares that there Is no
conspiracy to undo Mr. Webb so far as
he knows, but in the course of an inter
view he was forced to admit that
there were a number of things in con
nection with the school board scandal
that he did not know, and before the
interview was ended he confessed that
he might have been made an uncon
scious instrument in such a conspiracy.
If he had been, he said, he would place
himself right as soon as he was con
vinced of that fact.
This admission was made after his |
consideration was asked of the pecu
liar relationship that exists between T.
E. Gibbon, W. A. Cheney, W. B. Cline, j
and F. K. Rule, and the further fact !
stated that Messrs. Gibbon, Cheney |
and Cline had made personal appeals
for the reinstatement of Miss Mac \
Owen as a teacher and that Webb had i
made such appeals futile.
What came to Mr. Howard as the
greatest surprise was the information
that T. E. Gibbon was part owner of
the Herald newspaper, and that the
Times was most bitterly opposed to
that wing of the Republican party
with which Webb is identified. Had
he been informed of the further fact
that F. K. Rule was part owner of the
Express he would probably have been I
even more surprised. He would then i
also have understood, as many people j
already understand, why these three
newspapers have acted as if controlled
by one mind in their malicious, unfair ,
and persistent attacks on Webb and i
why they have been almost hysterical :
in their defense of J. H. Braly, whose ;
offense as a public official is more ap- \
parent and more heinous than that
charged against Webb. It will not be
amiss to again show how Gibbon, Che
ney, Cline and Rule have joint and
several reasons for the persecution of
"Webb.
Gibbon, Cheney and Cllne sought to
have Miss Mac Owen reinstated In the
School Department without success,
owing to the obduracy of Webb. Gib
bon and Cheney are respectively at
torneys for the Los Angeles Electric
and Los Angeles Lighting Companies,
of both of which Cline is president.
Gibbon is vice-president of the Los An
geles Terminal Railway Company, and
Rule is auditor, secretary and treas
urer of that corporation. Rule is pres
ident of the League for Better City
Government. Gibbon is a director of
that organization and Cheney is a
member of it.
It is well known that the league,
through Charles Cassat Davis, made a
bold but unsuccessful attempt to or
ganize the Board of Education a year
ago. Their efforts, it is also well
known, were defeated by Webb. Hence
Webb is doubly persona, non grata
■with all these gentlemen.
Not the least significant of the inci
dents connected with "the prosecution
of Webb was the failure of the league
to secure the services of two of the
most prominent attorneys of the city-
Henry T. Gage and ex-Judge Variel
It is common report that these gentle
men refused to take the case because
they did not consider the evidence of
a character to bring about a convic
tion.
In justice to the gentlemen named
however, <t must be stated that they
assign other reasons for declining to go
Into the case. Judge Variel's reason is
said to be that he has vowed not to
take any more criminal business Mr
Gage stated that his reasons were sick
ness and a failure to come to a satis
factory financial arrangement with the
league. Both gentlemen aver that Mr
Cline cut no figure in the matter at
all, so far as they knew, in the nego
tiations for their services.
Being the pastor of one of the most
fashionable arid influential churches of
Los Angeles, what the Rev. Burt Estes
Howard has to say of this affair will
no doubt be read with interest.
"The League for Better City Govern
ment," said Mr. Howard, "was organ
ized merely for the purpose of securing
the best type of city government possi
ble, as against the ring or rin^s and
machine and boss politics in both par
ties. The municipal reform committee
was constituted last spring to keep an
eye on persons in the city departments
and in case there seemed to be any cor
rection or improvement to be made they
were to prosecute the work of the
league.
"This Schrpol Board matter was called
to our attention several weeks ago. The
committee was called together, and in
a hasty way organized a plan of cam
paign. Then we secured an attorney.
A number of gentlemen were discussed,
but for one reason or another they did
not seem available. Mr. Gibbon is one
of the board of directors of the league,
and as a logical sequence he was asked
to take hold of the matter."
Speaking of the negotiations with
Mr. Gage, after Gibbon had decided to
go East, Rev. Mr. Howard said: "I
saw Mr. Gage myself, and took to him
a proposition signed by the three mem
bers of the committee. It was a prop
osition to take hold of the matter bo
far as it concerned Mr. Webb, and
such cases as might grow out of it.
Mr. Gage was sick in bed at the time,
and his physician stated he would not
be out of bed until Christmas. Mr. Gib
bon had been called East, and we had
to secure some one immediately. Mr.
Gage said he was interested in our
work, but he could not see his way to
taking the case, as there was no telling:
how much time it would take. He add
ed that he would be very glad to give
us his services as a citizen and to give
advice as an attorney without charge.
"Why wns Mr. Webb In particular
singled out, and why were not Adams
and Axtell prosecuted also?" was ask
ed.
"Mr. Axtell was the first man we
investigated. He confessed. That was
all that was necessary as far as the
Board of Education was concerned.
Then Mr. Adams was Involved through
Mr. Axtell's confession. Mr. Adams
started to defend himself. Then he
made his first confession before the
board, and that ended the case as far
as the investigation went.
"Both Axtell and Adams in making
their statements involved Mr. Webb,
and they involved no one else. As a
logical consequence Mr. Webb was
drawn into it. When we went into
tlir matter there was no more idea
that Mr. Webb was involved than that
you were, and it came to our conimit
t c u^ a surprise. I don't know Mr.
Webb personally."
On being asked why Adams and Ax
tell had not been prosecuted crim
inally Mr. Howard said that a mem
ber of the Grand Jury had informed
him that the Grand Jury had been ad
vised that a charge of perjury could
not be made to stand against either
of these men.
The District Attorney is the legally
constituted adviser of the Grand
Jury, and he is of the opinion that Ax
tell. at least, has been clearly guilty
of perjury.
Continuing Mr. Howard said: "I
think both men should be prosecuted.
If a charge of perjury cannot be made
to stick, they should be prosecuted for
taking bribes from teachers."
"Has the league taken any action to
have the various employes removed
who paid money for their positions?"
"That matter has not come up yet.
We are hard at work on the Webb
matter. The other matters will be
taken up when we get through with
this."
"Has the attention of the league been
called to Mr. Braly's bank discounting
warrants?"
"I don't know that it has."
"Has it ever been called to your at
tention, directly or indirectly?"
"Mr. Poor, one night after the board
had been in session, said he had heard
that Mr. Braly had cashed or discount
ed a couple of teachers' warrants, that
is that Braly's bank had."
"Did the league look into the mat
ter?"
"Not yet. The bank may have dis
counted them, yet Mr. Braly might not
be personally involved. He is not re
sponsible for the transactions of the
bank."
After it had been explained to Mr.
Howard that Braly, as a school >li
rcctor and as president of the bank,
had been a party to a felonious viola
tion of the law he said that so far as
he was concerned the league would
prosecute every guilty man even if it
had to follow corruption into the heart
of the league.
As a concluding question he was
asked if he did not think that Webb
had been unjustly treated by the local
press. To this he returned the follow
ing ron-committal reply: "I am not
prepared to express an opinion on
that.'
BRIBES ARE
OFFERED TO
BEAT HANNA
Continued from First Pa«e.
Stark, Redkey of Highland, Rutan of
Carroll and ' other Republicans who
voted with the Democrats last Monday,
have since undergone such fire from
their constituents that they are expect
ed yet to square themselves by voting
for Hanna. While there were ten dis
senting Republican members last week,
the Hanna men say there will be only
two or three this week. And the
changes are attributed more to the
work that has been done in the coun
ties than here.
While there have been charges and
counter charges of bribery, there was
considerable stir to-day over the pub
lication of the following In the Cincin
nati Commercial Tribune and in differ
ent forms In other Republican papers.
"While Senator Hanna and his man
agers-have been careful to make no im
proper use of money in the Senatorial
contest they have ail along known that
the ethics of the case were not so
strictly observed by the opposition.
Therefore, when an opportunity was
offered to get incriminating evidence
against the combine Mr. Hanna's man
agers were quick to improve it. A
trap was set for the opposition,
working through one of the members
of the combine who has been trying to
get away from Senator Hanna. Some
of the opposition kept trying to get an
audience with this member until it was
decided to accommodate them.
"Accordingly, an interview was ar
ranged for in a certain room of a cer
tain hotel, but In advance the precau
tion had been taken by the member to
conceal a stenographer in the room
who took down every word of the in
terview, an important part of which
was An offer of $5000 cash made to the
member if he would vote against Sena
tor Hanna. Just what use will be
made of the stenographer's notes will
be governed by the course of the anti-
Hanna people."
It is stated on good authority that
the foregoing case became known to
the opposition soon after their organ j
made a sensational publication about i
the Grand Jury being called on to in- j
vestigate the action of several workers
for Hanna. At any rate, there has
been nothing said about the Grand
Jury's work since last Wednesday. The
notes of the secreted stenographer
have been written out and they com
prise several pages of matter which is
in the possession of a very prominent
Republican. The two men who are ac
cused of offering $5000 are as well
known in Ohio politics as are either
the senior or junior Senator pr the
Governor. One of them holds an im
portant State office and the other has
been an Important official and leader
in this city.
These two prominent workers against
Hanna were not the ones in the room
with the member of the Legislature
and his concealed stenographer, but
they sent their man to the legislator's
room, and when the member insisted
on knowing who authorized the offer
the names of these two prominent par
ties were named authorizing the offer
of- SSOOO.
Ex-Governor CharJes Foster, who
was Secretary of the Treasury under
Harrison, arrived in the city to-night.
He has been considered as a compro
mise candidate for Senator, and by
some considered as unfriendly to Han
na, but he soon declared himself for
the Senator under the existing cir
sumstances and was in conference with
the Senator soon after his arrival.
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet! All
druKKlstß refund the money If it falls to cure
25c. The genuine lias L. B. Q. on each tablet
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JAXUABY 10, 1898.
THAT HORROR
IN OKLAHOMA
Details of the Burning of
Two Indian Mur
derers.
Funeral Pyre Built About the
Prisoners in the Hands
of the Mob.
Other Redskins in a Plot to Exter
minate Whites Will Be Lynched
When Captured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. Jan. 9.—
Charred and burned beyond all sem
blance of human beings, the remains of
Marcus McGeisey and Palmer Simpson,
two Seminole Indians who a few days
ago murdered Mrs. James Simmons,
are still resting in chains against the
blackened trunk of an oak tree in the
Seminole station, where, on Friday
night, they met their death In the most
awful manner conceivable at the hands
of an Oklahoma mob. The flesh is burn
ed fram the bones and lies in greasy
and ill-smelling particles in the ashes
on the ground. The fingers and hunds
are burned from the frames and the
ghastly skeletons, bereft of feet and
ankles, stand on blackened bones in the
ashes on the ground. Every vestige of
hair and flesh are burned from the
heads and the clinched teeth of the
dead men shoAv the great determination
to endure their awful punishment in
silence, with which the red men died.
The scene is a fascinating one for the
curious and has been visited by many
people since yesterday morning.
Additional details of the horrible
work of the mob near Maud postoffice,
in the Seminole Nation, last Friday
night, were received here to-day. Ac
cording to this information, the mob's
work is not yet finished and will only
be completed when four more Indians
have been dealt with in the same man
ner as McGeisey and Simpson. The
citizens' posse was scouring the coun
try for the four men when the messen
ger left Maud, and it is probable that at
least part of the quartet have, by
this time, paid the penalty decreed by
the maddened populace.
The crime which led to the burning of
the two men was committed on last
Thursday. Marcus IfcGetoey was the
owner of some property, on his land
lived a white family named Simmons.
During the absence of the husband on
Thursday, IfcGetoey went to the Sim
mons cabin and asked for a drink of
water. Mrs. Simmons was at home
with her four small children. The In
dian was given the water and he then
asked for a saddle.
On being refused the saddle Mr-
Geisey grabbed the woman, who had
her 6aby In her arms, and dragged her
out of the house. When the woman at
tempted to run away the Indian B<i^--il
a Winchester and dealt her a deadly
blow on the head, crushing the skull.
The woman died instantly.
The murdered woman's husband did
i not return Thursday evening and the
; children were unable to remove the
' body into the house, from which It had
fallen into the yard. The little ones
stayed up and watched their dead
mother's body untfl the bitter cold
compelled them to relax their vigilance
and seek shelter from the weather in
the cabin. During the night the body
was almost devoured by hogs.
The news spread rapidly Friday
morning and the whole populace for
twenty miles around was aroused.
About twenty Indians were arrested.
The oldest child told the crowd that
M'-Geisey was the guilty man, and a
posse of twenty determined men went
:to arrest him. Simpson was at Mc-
Geisey's home when the posse arrived,
and both were taken into custody. A
rope was secured and the prisoners
were strung up by the neck. On be
ing let down and given an opportunity
to talk, both confessed to the crime and
named four others \vh.», they declared,
i were equally guilty. It developed that
the Indians decided tf» pet rid of cer
tain white settlers and that McGeisey
had been hired to do the murder.
Posses were at once sent in search of
the other four Indians, and it was de
cided to have a wholesale lynching as
as they could ba captured. As
night came on. however, and the other
four were not enptured, the ritixem
changed their plan and determined to
dispose of McGeisey and Sjmpson with
out further delay. The feeling was so
bitter against them that the crowd
would not be satisfied with the ordi
nary method of lynching, and it was
voted to burn them at the stake. The
victims were accordingly chained to a
post oak tree. Fence rails and dry wood
were then piled high about them and in
a few minutes the Indians were wrap
ped in roaring flames, while the tim
bers crackled beneath their feet.
Never a word did the Indians utter
while being roasted alive. They ap
parently saw that they wore powerless
to resist and endured their lot like
stoics. The crowd was composed of
about thirty men and the work was
done in a quiet but thorough and de
termined manner. Posses continued
the search for the other Indians, and it
is very probable that if captured they
will be dealt with In a like manner.
The man bringing this information
states that there are grave fears of an
outbreak among the Indians, and ho
believes bloodshed Is certain to follow.
AMERICANS
IMPRISONED
IN HONDURAS
Continued from First Page.
able to transfer them to prison In Ban
Pedro. Subsequently they were releas
ed on ball, and several have succeeded
in reaching Havana.
Captain Gomel, who was well ad
vanced in years, died soon after behig
liberated from the effects of close in
carceration. I am informed that the
American Consul, Mr. Little, in Tegu
cigalpa, has made a request for a full
statement of the case from the author
ities In San Pedrp Sula, and that a
claim for damages will be made by the
surviving members of the crew and
indemnity demanded for false impris
onment. It is also stated that the
schooner, while under seizure at Omoa,
was permitted to drift from her moor
ings by the watchman during a gale,
and, dashing upon the rocks, became a
total loss.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— Nothing is
known either at the State Department
or the Legation of the Greater Repub
lic of Central America of the reported
seizure of the American schooner Alice
Vane by Honduras and the imprison
ment of her crew. In State Depart
ment circles it is believed that the Al
ice Vane may have been seized on a
charge of smuggling.
WILL DEFEAT
ANNEXATION
Growing Opposition to the
Treaty in the Sen
ate.
Debate May Not Be Prolonged,
as It Is Thought the Scheme
Must Fail.
In the Houw Some Interesting For
eign Questions M«y Come Up
for Consideration.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Call office. Rlggs House,
Washington, Jan. 9.
Interest In the Senate proceedings for
the .week centers In the promised de
bate of the treaty for the annexation
of Hawaii, which will be taken up nn
Monday. Senator Davis has given
notice that he will move an executive
session or the Senate for consideration
each day until the treaty shall be.
finally disposed of. The first effort on
Monday will be to secure open doors
for the debate. This motion will be
made by Senator Pettigrew of the op
position, but there is no likelihood that
it will carry.
The' prevailing opinion is that the
debate will not be prolonged on the
treaty, but theories as to the length of
time will vary all the way from a week
to a month. The opposition to • the
treaty assert that they have no dis
position to prolong the discussion, ow
ing to their confidence in their ability
to defeat the treaty. They claim thir
ty-five votes in opposition, and state
that among these there will be more
than one Republican. Senator Morrlll
adheres to his original determination
to oppose the ratification resolution,
and he is preparing a speech on that
side of the question. The name of Sen
ator Money on the Democratic side is
added to the list of supporters of the
treaty, making five Democrats who will
certainly favor annexation. Senator
Butler (Pop.), whose position has not
heretofore been generally known, to
day announced himself as opposed to
ratification.
It may be accepted as true that if the
opponents of ratification become lor
oughly convinced that they can secure
the one-third vote necessary to accom
plish that end they will allow the vote
to come without delay, reserving any
dilatory tactics to which they may be
disposed to resort for use in connection
vlth the consideration of the Joint res
olution for annexation which would fol
low the defeat of the treaty. This reso
lution would require only a majority
vote, and it is conceded on all hands
that the annexationists have the MOM
sary majority.
In open session the calendar presents
many subjects that may recjivo atten
tion, Including specially t l .c Immigra
tion bill and the census bill, the latter
attorning a basis for speeches upon the
civil vice. Senator Pall-bank* has
given notice of a speech on the .immi
gration bill on Tuesday, and Senator
Butler will speak on his resolution
providing for the election of Federal
Judges by the people some day during
the week.
Discussion of the financial question
is also among the probabilities.
Senator Davis is expected to open the
Hawaiian debate with a set speech on
Monday, but there Is a possibility that
he will defer his main argument until
later in the discussion.
The civil service debate, which has
been in progress in the House during
the past week, will be concluded, prob
ably, on Tuesday, when the vote will
be taken on the motion to strike out
the appropriation for the mainten
ance of the commission. The motion
is foredoomed to defeat, so that the
present contributions to the literature
of this vexed question will eventuate
In nothing. The debate, however, has
served to define the position of the
members. The debate has proved that
comparatively few of the enemies of
the system are willing to go to the
length of voting for the repeal of the
law. It is claimed that a preliminary
canvass •of the Republicans of the
House has developed over 100 on the
side who are willing to vote for a modi
fication of the law. If with, these
could be combined the Democratic op
ponents of the law, many of whom
are against the entire law and desire to
see it wiped off the statute books, they
could probably command a majority.
But quite a number of Democrats
whose hostility to the law is outspoken"
say they will not vote for the modifi
i cations of the law, which will simply
j result in the removal of Democrats
from office and the substitution of Re
publicans. They prefer, if it is not to
; be repealed, to see the law stand as it
i is. The entire Popullstic strength will
oppose every motion to repeal or modi
fy the law.
After the legislative, executive and
judicial appropriation bill is out of the
way, f ither the agricultural or the dip
lomatic and consular bill will be
taken up, and an urgency deficiency
will be ready, so that the remainder of
th% week, except Saturday, set apart
for paying tribute to the memory of
the late Representative Milliken of
Maine, will be occupied with appropri
ation bills. The diplomatic and con
sular bill is very likely to cause ex
tended debate on the pending foreign
questions— Cuba, Hawaii, the situa
tion in the Orient, etc., any one of
which could be made a fruitful theme
of discussion. It is to be the intention
of the Democrats to force the Republi
cans to define the administration's po
sition toward Cuba's Independence
during the debate.
FEARS FOR THE SAFETY
OF CAPTAIN PHIL RAY.
None of the Recent Arrivals From the
Yukon Bring Any Mews of the
Government Explorer.
SEATTLE. Jan. 9.— Some apprehen
sion Is felt at the non-arrival of Cap
tain Phil Ray. U. £. A., who was sent
by the War Department last summer
to inquire into the necessity of mili
tary occupation of the Yukon territory
in Alaska. Captain Ray expected to
leave for the Yukon as soon as winter
traveling became good, and to reach
Washington by the first of February.
None of the recent arrivals from Daw
son report having seen or heard any
thing of the captain. It is highly
probable, though, that he Is coming out
by the way of Copper River, as he Is
known to have be-^n impressed with
the feasibility of that route.
Fire in the Edgington Block at Napa.
NAPA. Cal., Jan. 9.— A fire in the
Ederington Block at 11 o'clock last night
damaged the building to the extent of
$150. Bernheim's Jewelry Ptore sustain
ed a nominal loss. Rausch's barber shop
was wrecked; loss $300. with $300 insur
ance. The origin of the fire is un
known/but it is thought to have been
incendiary.
GENTLE RAINS
ON THE COAST
Great Rejoicing Among
Fruit-Growers and
Ranchers.
The Mountain Ranges in Many
Warm Belts Are Clad
in Snow.
This Kb Regarded as a Good Omen and
the Breakup of the Long
Drought.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, Jan. 9.-The rainfall of
the past wook has had a very bene
ficial effect upon the crops of this val
ley. The long dry season had dried
and hardened the ground and the grain
sown In December had not obtain^!
a start. Now It will sprout and grow,
and if the spring conditions should be
favorable, everything will turn out
well for the farmers. There is con
siderable plowing yet to be done in the
valley and it will now be pushed rap
idly forward. A few more showers
will be sufficient for the early setting
of the grain, but what is of the great
est importance is the spring raina.
Should these be plentiful, there will be
no crop failure Jn the Santa Clara Val
ley. The fvuit trees are looking well,
as not mu/h rain Is needed for them
until February or March. The sum
mits of the mountains on either side
of the valley are now coveied with
enow, an indication that more rain will
follow soon.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 9.— There was
a couple of hours' rain here last even-
Ing, followed by a nortnwest wind
which rapidly evaporated that which
had not soaked into the ground as it
fell. While there was no serious com
plaint in this vicinity of a lack of
moisture, still the rain of last night
must have been very welcome to the
farmers of high ground, of which there
is much in this county. The bottom
lands did not need it. The protracted
cold weather, with severe frosts, has
done more than anything else toward
retarding growing crops, »but there
have been no reports or Injury thereby.
Some grain is a couple of inches above
ground already and with warmer
weather and warm rains rapid growth
will be made.
PACIFIC GROVE. Jan. 9.— An un
expected drenching rain began falling
here at noon to-day and has continued
with slight intermission ever since. Re
ports from the surrounding country
state that the downpour is general
throughout this section. This is the
first rain of any consequence since
early in December and will be a great
boon to farmers hereabouts. At 6p.
m. the precipitation was 5 of an inch
and present indications point to an all
night rainstorm.
POMONA, Jan. 9.— Tne most satis
factory rain in Pomona Valley and all
this section this season has been falling
since sundown last evening. The ranch
men, fruit-growers and all who live by
agriculture directly or Indirectly are
rejoicing. For several weeks the roads
in Pomona Valley have been almost as
dusty as in the summer months and
orange and lemon growers have been
irrigating their properties the same as
in the rainless period of the year. Near
ly two Inches has fallen during the
present rain.
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 9.— The back
bone of the drought, which has been
causing the farmers and stockraisers
much uneasiness, has been broken.
Rain started to fall about 4 o'clock this
morning. By the middle of the fore
noon half an Inch had fallen, and the
indications are that about three times
this amount will fall to-night. The
mountains are covered with snow
which extends low down on the foot
hills.
SANTA CRUZ. Jan. 9— Rain and hail
have been alternately falling all the
afternoon. The Alerts came from Ala
meda to play the Beachcombers, but
owing to the rain the game could not
be played.
MODESTO, Jan. 9.— Farmers living
west of this place report a fall of snow
along the San Joaquin River this after
noon. The storm was from northwest
to southwest, passing within three
miles of Modesto. At Paradisa Oar
dens the proprietor, N. E. De Yoe, re
ports the fall heavy enougli to make
hte g; '">uncl white.
STOCKTON, Jan. 9.— A little rain fell
this afternoon, but ceased inside of half
an hour. There was no rainfall of any
consequence last night, which ended dry
and cold. The crops have only been
temporarily benefited by what rain has
fallen. The sky remains cloudy and the
farmers are anxious for a further pre
cipitation.
MONTEREY, Jan. 9.— Except a slight
downpour on Thursday night and a
sprinkle last night, no rain has fallen
here for over a month. The drought,
coupled with the heavy frosts of the
last three weeks. Is likely to seriously
damage cereals as well as fruit and
garden truck.
L<»S ANGELES, Jna. !>.— Nearly two
Inches of rain has fallen since Friday
last, the storm extending over the
greater part of Southern California, and
doing great good to the agricultural
and horticultural Interests. The pre
diction of a dry season for Southern
California seems to be a false one and
the farmers and fruit growers are Jubi
lant. The present downpour is suffi
cient to moisten the soil for winter
plowing, thus insuring a crop of grain
next season, the conditions being favor
able. The rain has also augmented to
a sufficient degree the supplies of water
for irrigation purposes and has made
winter Irrigation of orange and decidu
ous fruit trees unnecessary. The rain
fall for the present season Is but a
little short of the average up to this
time. Trees are looking well and have
suffered nothing this season from lack
of rain. The rain continued during the
greater part of to-day, but it is clear
to-night.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 9.— Rain has fallen
at Intervals during the day, and it is
cloudy, with frequent showers to-night.
The precipitation up to 5 p. m . was
0.39, making 1.R9 for the season. Ad
vices from t^> Interior indicate that the
country has fared much better than
the city. While the rain has been
rather light, both north and south
there is a broad belt to the eastward
taking in El Cajon Valley, that has re
ceived a good soaking. One inch and
forty-five-hundredtha at Morena is the
largest rainfall reported at any point
but from half an inch to an inch has
fallen at other places. Some of the
most productive parts of the county
are included in the area covered by' the
storm, and from such reports as have
come In there seems no question that
the downpour has been heavy enough
to prove a blessing to the farmers.
Resigns His Pastorate After Long Service.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— Rev. Dr. John
Hall to-day announced to his congre
gation his resignation as pastor of the
Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church.
Many of his old parishioners heard it
with deep emotion. He has held the
place forty-eight years.
CALL NEARLY
EVERY TURN
A Profitable Day for the
Coursing Talent at
Sacramento.
All Favorites, Save Lanky Bob,
to the Front in the
Run-Down.
Little Delijht Wins From ForgetMe-
Not in the Final— A Rare
Day's Sport.
Special Dtspatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9.— The men of
talent sustained their reputations to
day by calling nearly every turn that
was made in the box. In the run down
Kitty Lonadale, Wily T, Forest Queen,
Lily of the West, Napa Soda, Skylight,
Whip Jr., Little Delight. Reception,
Forget-me-not, Daisy Hill and Lanky
Bob ran to the good of their backers
and were all favorites save Lanky
Bob, who sold up even with Butcher
Boy in the boxes.
Lilly T, Forest Queen, Skylight, Lit
tle Delight, Forget-me-not and Lanky
Bob still survived when the last flag
went up on the first tie.
When it came to the second tie Little
Delight retired Skylight, Forget-me
not sent Lanky Bob to his kennel and
Lilly T was just a little too fast for
Forest Queen.
Little Delight, who ran like a little
streak of greased lightning, was still
in it after her fourth run and the dog
left to meet her in the final was For
get-me-not. The backers of Delight
still supported the little lady, notwith
standing Forget-me-nots splendid per
formance, his bye, when he took Mer
cury on all kinds of odds and made
short work of him. They were right,
for when the flag went up it was on
the red, and Tom Kennedy went home
with first money jingling in his pants'
pocket.
The decisions of Judge Cummings are
meeting with unanimous approbation,
and during the entire season there has
been no one to doubt his integrity i>r
find fault with his judgment. The
work of J. F. Heenan, the slipper, has
also been very satisfactory and no
word of complaint has ever been made
against his methood of handling the
dogs. A good slipper and a fair judge
combined have given to the lovers of
the sport in Sacramento an assurance
that every owner who files an entry
will have a fair chance and a square
deal.
The attendance was large, the weath
er fine and the betting lively.
JOCKEY CLUB STAKES.
Some Big Events to Re Run Off at the
Sheepshead Bay June Meeting.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— The following
stakes of the Coney Island Jockey
Club, to be run at the June meeting
at Sheepshead Bay, will close to-mor
row.
For three-year-olds and upward— the
suburban, $10,000, one mile and a
quarter.
The June handicap, $5000, compris
ing the Coney Island $1500, six fur
longs; the Sheepshead Bay, $1500, one
mile; the Long Island, $2000, one mile
and a furlong.
The Grass inaugural, $750 added, six
furlongs on the turf.
For three-year-olds — the Swift, $1000
added, seven furlongs; the Spend
thrift handicap, $1000 added, mile and
a furlong.
For two-year-olds — the great trial,
$20,000, futurity course; the double
event, $10,000, divided into two events
of $5000. first event five and a half
furlongs, second event, futurity course;
the Zephyr, the Spring, the June and
the Vernal, for fillies, $1000 added; the
Daisy, five furlongs on the turf, and the
Pansy, at six furlongs, with $750 added.
SANTA CLARA COLLEGE ATHLETICS.
Thomas Robinson to Manage the Baseballers
and Joe Corbett to Coach.
SANTA CLARA, Jan. B.— Thomas
Robinson, who was" formerly connected
with the Sodality Athletic Association
team of the college, has been unani
mously chosen manager of the first
team for the coming season. For cap
tain there were«two candidates, Thomas
Kelly of San Francisco and Ed Leake
of Woodland, the former being elected.
Joe Corbett, the crack Baltimore
pitcher, has been engaged as a coach,
and will take charge of the team about
the Ist of February. On the whole, the
prospects for a good baseball nine this
season are flattering.
FINE COURSING AT NEWARK.
Jeanette Beats Lady and Wins First Prize
in the Final.
NEWARK. Cal.. Jan. 9.— One of the
largest gatherings ever seen at a New
ark coursing match was present to-day
in spite of the cold and damp weather.
The grounds were in excellent shape,
the dogs did fine work, better hares it
would be impossible to find, and the
decisions were on the average good.
First runs— Jeanette won from White
Lily, Last Chance from Tom, Jessie
Maid from Lazy Boy, Bend Along from
Klondike, True Blue from Fly, Lady
NEW TO-DAY.
; INCORPORATED eMF W^k> WEB
LEADING CASH GROCERS.
Our goods the best. If not convenient to j
call telephone or write. Goods delivered j
promptly.
TELEPHONE SOUTH »3.
BUTTER, , Fresh Creamery .... Squares 45C
EGGS, Best Petaluma . ........ 27»c dozen
BABBITT'S SOAP .7 cakes 25C
BLEACHING SOAP .;. . :. .20-cake box 55c
COFFEE, best Mocha and Java 30C Ib
Ground or whole. Reg. 40c.
WHISKEY, Rye or Bourbon. . . .$2.50 gal. :
5 years old. Regular $3.50.
CLARET. Best California . . . .';. . 45C gal. |
Regular 75c. ■
We ship goods to the country free of :
charge within 100 miles.
1324-1326 MARKET STREET
And 134 SIXTH STREET.
j from Best Trump, Mfcnlo from Pete,
I Dome from Slow Boy.
Second runs — Jeanette won from Last
; Chance, Bend Along from Jessie Maid,
i Lady from True Blue, Dome from
Menlo.
Third runs— Jeanette won from Bend
Along, Lady from Dome.
Final— Jeanette beat Lady and won
the first prize.
COURSING AT LOS ANGELES.
Results at Agricultural and the New Southern
California Parks.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 9.— The cours
ing matches at Agricultural Park were
fairly attended to-day. Great inter
est is being taken in the sport here.
The results of the contests were:
Rag Baby beat Lillian, 6—5, taking
first money; Lady Lillian, second;
Fannie C, third; Lilly, fourth; Trip,
fifth.
Three match races— Rialto beat Os
car, 4—l; Unknown beat Flying Jib,
8—1; Juliet beat Hetty Green. 4—o.
The new Southern Californian cours
ing park between here v*«d Santa Mon
ica was opened with two races to-day
—one for the sixteen local dog stake
and one for the twelve San Francisco
dog stake. Thomas Breeji acted as
judge; William Gilderman as slipper;
M. Cota as slip steward; David Hill as
flag steward, and H. Hilton, H. Stape
Munton and L. W. Goodhue as field
stewards. The result of the two con
tests was as follows:
Local dog stake— First prize. Queen
Bee; second prize. Point Loma; third
prize. Sir Walter Scott.
San Francisco dog stake— First prize,
Santa Alicia; second prize, Kitty
Scott; third prize, Don Caster.
Increase Wages and Want More Help.
•TRENTON, N. J., Jan. 9.— V. Henry
Rothschild & Co. have announced an
increase of 8% per cent in wages at
their Trenton shirt factory, to go into
effect Wednesday. They are also ad
vertising for more help. .
HOW many men are there
who, knowing their own
weakness, fail to do any-
thing toward saving
themselves from utter
ruin. Take the weak-
voiced man; take the
poor, shaking, undecided
man, and the puny man.
They all know that they must
do something if they would be-
come whole men, but they hesi-
tate. If a man sees that his life
is being drained away he should
stop the waste. The great
remedio - treatment "Hudyan"
does that with such promptness
that it astonishes. Life, joy and
j the whole feeling of grand man-
hood are restored. Poor in man-
liness as you may be, "Hudyan"
gives you back your strength.
Do not worry. It cannot fail.
" It never does.
HERE is where your grand
chance lies. If you have
abused your gifts in any
way "Hudyan" will make
up for it. It has im-
mense fortifying power.
You have night sweats
■when you might rest
• easily and sleep soundly.
"Hudyan" has a world-wide
reputation. Then why not be
cured? Stop shivering and j
shaking and be a man! Circu- i
lars and testimonials are sent
free to you if you will but ask Cl
for them. The same is true of . \
the best medical advice in the
world. Take the doctors of the
Institute into your confidence
and they will cure you. In cases
of blood poison, no matter what '
the stage, ask for free "30-day
blood cure" circulars. Loosen- i
ing teeth, falling out of hair and I
copper colored spots all Indicate J
blood taint. These circulars are
free, too.
■
Hudson Medical Institute,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts. ,
SAN FRANCISCO.
9&f/! Cures CuNSL'Mt'TION, COUGHS,
V:j3/ COLDS, BRONCHITIS. ' DEBILITY.
WASTING DISEASES, ASTHMA
INFLUENZA. SCROFULOUS HUMORS. ETC.!
by building up the wasted tissues and feeding
the over-worked nerves In such a manner that
after using. HEALTH IS THE NATURAL
RESULT.
EVERYBODY LIKES IT.
Physicians prescribe it. All good druggists i
sell it. Ask for "WILBOR'S." and take no "l
other. ' *.
N. B.— Beware of imitations. This article Is
the oldest of Its kind in the market. Many
try to make a remedy "just as good." but
none succeed. V j "
The Weekly Call.
cJ It Publish^ the Cream of th«
*I) News or the Week and
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
:c) ORIGINAL FEATURES. :
— — —
i <=* ITIS THE BEST WEEKLY
tJ PAPER ON TUB
~J . PACIFIC COAST .
n The Best \ /Mining
i°S Telegraphic \S N'ewc That '
©< Service on /\ Is Accurate
Ic* The Coast / \& up to date
t^ «;.—;'■.'•. ■' x ;
cV . Not a Line of it Sensational
cJ or Faky, and Not a Line of <j
gj it Dry or Uninteresting.
°\ . Bright, Clean, A Champ! oa of
_) Thoughtful. Truth.
o/ A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
J ALL THETJME. ? - }.
(3 ' T *Jt VOCATES SENT BY -.
) HOME Mill ciea
M INDUSTRIES I Jittl!!DERVISHES
ARE MASSING
FOR ACTION
Forces Rally Below
Khartoum and
Omdurman.
Supplies and Munitions of
War Being Rapidly
Forwarded.
It Is Evident That Stubborn
Resistance Will Be Made
Against Invaders.
GREAT BRITAIN'S GRAB.
Franoe Has Outwitted England In the
Strtagjjle for Territory and a
Clash Is Imminent.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OAIBO, Jan. 9— The dervishes con
tiime massing their forces at Mete
meh and Bhendy, between eighty and
ninety miles below Khartoum and
Omdurman, and there is great activ
ity at Omdurman with forwarding of
supplies at that point.
Nothing is known here in confirma
tion of the report that the French
rt-rlssion under Captain Marchand has
arrived at Fashoda.
The railway to Assouan, Just below
the first cataract, will be completed
In a few days.
THWARTS ENGLAND
IN CHERISHED PLANS
FOR SOUDAN CONTROL.
Quietly Advancing From Both East and West,
France Has Established Continuous Con
nection Across the Dark Continent
The situation in the Eastern Soudan
as developed within the last few days
rightly causes great concern through
out the courts of Europe. The posi
tion is so delicate and the attitude of
the representatives of both nations so |
determined that a chance contact
even may cause the spark that will
flare up the red flames of war between
the two leading nations of Europe.
In the struggle for territory In
Africa, begun years ago, England has
distanced all her rivals, though France
has followed close on her heels as to
the number of square miles.
By the treaty of Berlin in 1884 all the
coast line from Cape Blanco south and
around to Cape Guardafui was al
lotted in nearly equal proportions to
the. participating nations — England,
France, Germany, Italy and Portugal
— leaving the questions of ■"hinterland"
and- "spheres of Influence. to be set- '■
tied between the nations having con
r tiguous interests. Italy's African col- I
onization career was short and disas
trous. Portugal had by previous oc
cupation more litoral than any of the
others, but has made no extension of
consequence. Germany has been so cir
cumstanced in the four quarters where
she obtained sea frontage that great
Widening of influence was out of the
question. "With the English for neigh
bors she has been badly beaten in the
great grab game. The "schurtz
briefs" of the young German
Kcnperor, so effectual when directed
against weak and Ignorant black
princes who attempted to stay his
progress, availed nothing against the
. greedy land-grabbers of Great Brit
, am. By the use of the red paint-brush
. in London and questionable claims of
ancient treaties with interior chief
.__■■ tains and the aggressive advance of
r.her explorers and traders, supported !
.: ■always by the ready presence of her \
V:.coionial troops, England has managed <
. : hold the hinterland spread of her I
. .jT'i^hbor within very meager bounds,
j 'While she forcibly gerrymandered the
■/map of South Africa until she claimed
' ; the greater part and the choicest of
•..'■.the whole country.
:: The conditions were different, how
..,.ey< r, to the north. Instead of the in- I
'/'"ert Portuguese and slow non-coloniz- ■
V lng Germans she has had to meet and I
".settle hinterland questions with the :
... French, with no mean experience in i
colonial enterprises. These, with no i
■{. grand blast of trumpets and parade of ;
.-'troops and ships, but quietly and j
:•'. surely, from Algiers and Senegal on |
th--- north and west and the Kong
; country and Dahomey on the Guinea ;
: coast, have completely shut within
' Email compass the British at Sierra ;
Leone, Ashantee and the Lagos coun
try, and effectuated their title by oc- j
cupation and administration of gov- i
i ernment over nearly the whole of i
. "West Africa, including the large and
r fertile and populous Upper Niger re
gion and the Central Soudan north of
Sokoto.
These acquisition? with French ronpo
have given France some two airl a half
million square miles of the whole eleven
millions in Africa, against three mil
lions of Great Britain, counting Egypt
and Nubta.
Two years ago there remained un
claimed by any European nation some
thing less than one and a half million
pquare miles, which included a number
cf Rmall, Jnrif-pendfnt states about Lake
Tchad and between it and the Congo
basin on the southeast, Abyssinia on
the east and the Nile and Libyan
Desert on the northeast, generally
known as Central and Eastern Soudan.
Over the latter division, formerly
ruled by Egypt, the Mahdi and his suc
cessor, Abdullah Khalifa, have exer
cised rule from Korawko to Lake Vic
toria. From the defeat and death of
Gordon at Khartoum in 1885, nn
European has set foot in the
country except as a captive un
til within the last few wefks, when the
French have carried thHr colors to
Fashoda, on the White Xile. and most
likely ere this, by an understanding
with the Mahdi, have advanced them
nn toward Khartoum, their ulti
mate goal.
A great coup d'etat has indeed been
achieved,
. From French Congo on the Atlantic
as a base the active Gaul has developed
• the "hinterland" proposition on the
Congo and Central Soudan even more
effectively in their own favor than in
: the west, and given it -a new meaning
In the ears of the over-confident Gov
errument in Downing street.
'."••/Agreeing with Germany as to the
eastern boundary of the Cameroon
W. country up to Lake Tchad, which h^r
..•-Algenne hinterland touched on the
.north, thus checking British advance
..eastward from Sokoto, and with the
friendly Belgians In the Congo State
on the south, France has pushed her
THE RACE TO KHARTOUM— THE FRENCH ADVANCE ACROSS THE
DARK CONTINENT.
posts all over Central Soudan to . the
verge of the Nile basin.
Now comes the final move, the de
nouement of the quiet play that has
been made from both sides of the con
tinent at the same time. Captains
Marchand and Baratin, with a number
of other officers and a well-equipped es
cort of white and native troops, setting
out last spring, secretly, as It were, have
pushed their way up through the Congo
country via Bangui, Ahiras and Semio,
over the divide to the head waters of
the Bahr-el-Ghazil, floating down
which in a vessel which they have car
ried with them in parts, and set up on
its banks, have, it is said, reached
Fashoda, on the White Nile. A little
later In the spring M. Bouchamps, who
went with Embassador Legarde to
Abyssinia, with the favor and assist
ance of Negus Menelik, set out from
Djibouti, the French port on the Gulf
of Aden, and made his way via Harar
and Groa westward to the Nile, and
meeting the Marchand party a.t Fa
shoda raised the French standard and
proclaimed the sovereignty of France
over the whole region traversed from
sea to sea.
All this has been done so quietly that
not even the subordinate officials of the
French Government were aware of the
plans, and while Sir Hubert Kitchener,
with his Anglo-Egyptian army has
been lying practically idle at Berber,
300 miles from Khartoum, where the
Mahdi holds his seat of government.
The control of the Egyptian Soudan
down to the lakes and the establish
ment of connections from Cairo via
Khartoum and Victoria Nyanza to
Mombasa on the Indian Ocean, has
long been the aim of England. To
achieve it she has from first to last
spent much blood and nearly £200,000,
000. The French, by winning Emperor
Menelik on the one side and a well
timed, a well conducted dash from the
other, have planted themselves on the
ground, and everything indicates that
they mean to hold their position.
Large stores and war supplies have
been accumulated at Djibouti and a
railroad put under construction via
Harar toward Fashoda. A Frenchman,
M. Lioutiff, has been placed by Mene
lik In the governorship of Southwest
Abyssinia, fronting the British on the
south.
Menelik has before measured pwords
with England and come off with honor.
In securing his alliance Prance not
only gets short access from the sea to
the Nile, but a ready and strong arm
aa well. She has completely outgener
aled and outwitted England. Will the
latter withdraw from the field? The
question will soon be answered. Al
ready the word has gone forth and
Sirdor Kitchener's columns are run
ning their advance southward toward
Khartoum. Should they find the French
there before them the clash will surely
come.
CHINA MUST YIELD
TO RUSSIA'S DEMANDS.
Three of the European Powers in Quest of
Territory Have Arrived at an Agree
ment Concerning Korea.
LONDON, Jan. 10.— The Hongkong
correspondent of the Times, under date
of January 6, says: A high Russian
official has left Peking for Canton to
discuss Korean matters with the Vice
roy, who has been ordered to agree to
his demands.
A dispatch to the Daily Mall from
Hongkong, dated yesterday, says it is
reported there that England. Japan
and Russia have arrived at an agree
ment respecting Korea. The details of
the agreement are nnt known to the
correspondent, but the dispatch says
the British fleet is returning to Hong
kong.
PARIS, Jan. 9.— The cruiser Duguay
Trouin, flagship of the French Pacific
squadron, has been ordered to Chinese
■waters.
Orders have been given to the offi
cials at the French dockyards to has
ten the completion of the war ships on
hand.
Will Wed Miss Gordon.
LONDON, Jan. 10.— A marriage has
been arranged between Hon. Rowland
Charles Frederick Leigh, youngest son
of Baron Lfigh. and Miss Mabel Gor
don, daughter of Colonel W. W. Gor
don of Savannah,.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1898.
MOUNTAINS OF
GOLDEN ORES
Fabulously Rich Islands
on the Alaskan
Coast.
Inexhaustible Supply of Aurif
erous Rock Awaiting
the Miner.
Ledges Easy of Access, Ideal Mill
Sites and an Abundance of
Water and Fuel.
Special Dlnpatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Jan. 9. — Southeastern
Alaska towns. Including Wrangel and
Juneau, are greatly Interested In what
are described as mountains of gold
ores found on the Gravina, Annette
and Revlllagigedeo islands of the
Alaskan coast. Immense ledges of
copper and gold ore have been uncov
ered on these islands. Some locations
have been made, but enough territory
remains where the foot of a white man
has never trodden, to Keep hundreds of
prospectors busy for many years. Solis
Cohen, who has returned to Wrangel
from a cruise among these islands, de
clares that fortunes beyond the wild
est dreams of avarice await their prac
tical and intelligent development. Co
hen says:
"It seems extravagant to speak of
mountains of ore, but that is exactly
what describes these as well as the
Prince of Wales and Mary's Islands.
Hundreds of thousands of tons of ore
are practically ready for smelters or
stamp mills and may be shipped with-
OUt putting a pick beneath ground.
Ledges ten to fifty feet wide, extend
from the beach to the base of the
mountains several miles inland, rising
in places in fantastic shapes like ruins
of ancient castles. Other ledges ex
tend beneath the salt water and may
be stripped at low tide."
Cohen's party blastrd open several
iedges. finding gold mixed with White
quartz in each instance. They believe
values will increase with depth, which
is proven by development work done
on a number of Gravina Island claims,
all of which show up well in free gold.
Cohen says these ledges are compara
tively easy of access, being near land
lor-ked harbor* having seven fathoms
of water, with ideal mill sites and
numerous waterfalls which will fur
nish power for stamp mills. Yellow
cedar is abundant for fuel. On Ttevil
lagig^dpo, about Georges Inlet and
Helen Bay, very rich free milling
ledges have lately been located. Ora
vina, thr richest island, is thirty milee
long and sixteen wide, lying along
Nicholas Passage and Tongas Nar
rows, from four miles opposite New
Metlakahtla to sixteen miles above
Ketchikan.
TRIED TO BLACKMAIL
ALEXANDER OF SERVIA.
Sensation Caused by the Arrest of Rosa
Benke, a Music-Hail Singer, and Ser
eral Male Accomplices.
BUDAPEST, Jan. 9.— A sensation
has been caused by the arrest of Rosa
Benke. a music hall singer, together
with several, male accomplices, on the
charge of blackmailing King Alex
ander of Servia. It Is said that they
also tried to blackmail Prince Ferdi
nand of Bulgaria and ex-King Milan
of Fervia when here recently. The ar
rests were made at the letter's insti
gation. Some curious disclosures are
expected.
TO OVERHAUL
IONE`S SCHOOL
Business of Importance
Transacted by the
Trustees.
New Superintendent Files His
Official Bond and Makes
Suggestions.
Alleged Shortage In the Contingent
Fund Vigorously Denied by Ex-
Secretary Bernard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
IONE, Jan. B.— The trustees of the
1 Preston School of Industry held their
regular monthly meeting late last night
and much business of importance was
transacted. D. S. Hirshberg, the new
! superintendent, filed his official bond
and made a brief report of contemplat
ed Improvements, such as the starting
i,of a blacksmith shop, in which all the
j repair work and horseshoeing can be
done, and the building of a hortlcul
! tural building, in which plants and
i trees can be propagated, and instruc
tion given to the cadets in both these
lines of industry. The new superin
i tendent reported also that he had ap
pointed Harry H. Budd as supervisor,
! a new office, at a salary of $75 a
i month, and this appointment was unan
imously confirmed by the trustees.
Ex-Superintendent O'Brien, In a
written communication, recommended
the discharge of abo-ut fifteen cadets,
but the trustees did not act on the mat
ter, choosing rather to postpone action
on discharging or paroling inmates un
til sufficient time had elapsed to give
the new superintendent a knowledge
of each case and then act upon his
recommendation.
In the matter of a reported shortage
'of ex-Secretary H. R. Bernard, the
board granted Mr. Bernard a hearing.
i The former secretary claimed that Ex
; pert Wadham broke faith with him in
: submitting an incomplete inspection of
the contingent fund as complete, and
he openly and boldly declared that
there was no shortage and showed sev
eral receipts, among which was one
from the former superintendent, Dr. E.
S. O'Brien, for $200. Mr. Bernard also
declared that the report of ' Expert
Wadham upon the condition of the con
tingent fund was a job to ruin his
(Bernard's) reputation as a bookkeep-
I er.
Trustees Maddox and Tyrrell voted
to postpone action upon accepting
Wadham's report upon the contingent
fund until the next regular meeting of
the board and to permit Mr. Bernard
to go over the tags and the approved
claims on this fund and submit hlB
statement for final action on February
6th.
Mr. Bernard completed the work to
day, and in an interview stated that he
can show that instead of the contin
gent fund showing a shortage, it ac
tually shows a balance of 121 in his fa
vor. Bernard claims that the ex-su
perintendent. Dr. O'Brien, caused all
the trouble by making a demand upon
him for a lump sum. Instead of approv
ing claims and turning them over to
him for settlement, and the ex-secre
tary declares that he will prove that
he has not misappropriated one cent
of the funds even if he has to resort to
prosecutions to have himself set right
in the eyes of the public.
Superintendent Hirshber* started
East this morning on a three weeks'
trip to inspect the reform schools of
Michigan, Pennsylvania and New
, York.
QUESADA'S
VERY PETTY
SPITEWORK
Animus of His Award
Against the United
States.
Decision Adverse to the
Claims of Americans
Not Accepted.
Why Argentina's Representa
tive Favored Mexico While
an Arbitrator.
HATRED FOR UNCLE SAM.
It Dates Back to the Time When He
Was Beaten in Diplomacy by
Blalne.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Nrw YORK, Jan. 9.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Behind the exclusive announcement
recently made in the Herald that the
claims of Oberlander of San Diego and
Messenger, citizens of the United
States, against the Government of
Mexico, for damages to their persons
and property by Mexican officers for
$50,000 and $25,000, respectively, had
been decided adversely to the Ameri
can claimants by the arbiter, Senor
Don Vicente G. Quesada, Argentine
Minister at Madrid, there lies an inter
esting history of diplomatic intrigue.
The award of Senor Quesada is not
accepted by the Department of State,
as it is not based upon sound pub
lic or international law. It ignores en
tirely all precedent, the consideration
being that, as the United States had
declined to recognize the rights of the
Government of China to recover in
demnity for the murder of certain
Chinese subjects in Wyoming, It was
precluded from claiming" damages in
the case of Oberlander and Messenger.
Although there is nothing in common
between these cases and the Chinese
murders, the outrage in one case being
perpetrated by officers of Mexico and
in the other by private persons, Senor
Quesada held them to be parallel.
When the matter of arbitration was
first discussed several persons were
considered, but none was found compe
tent until Senor Quesada was sug
gested by Mr. Romero, the Mexican
Minister, who alluded to the fact that
he had been formerly accredited to
Washington, where he had seen ser
vice for several years, and was fami
liar with Knglish and American law,
in addition to civil law. The depart
ment acquiesced in the selection, and
the papers were duly placed in the
hands of Senor Quesada.
When President Harrison determin
ed upon an agpressive attitude toward
Chile during the winter of 1891-92, for
the purpose of recovering the Indem
nity of $75,000 for injuries inflicted
upon American seamen in Valparaiso,
and, in expectation of resistance on
the part of Chile, inaugurated a
movement looking to actual hostilities,
the situation became very grave. Dip
lomatic negotiations were carried on
by Mr. Blame, as Secretary of State.
Mr. Blame received a call from Senor
Quesada, who was then Argentine Min
ister, and who in great confidence
stated that in the event of war with
Chile the United States might desire to
transport troops across the Andes,
through the passes, and the Argentina
Government was prepared to offer cer
tain privileges to the United States.
It was rumored in Buenos Ayres that
a secret treaty of alliance between the
two existed which could only be check
mated by a similar alliance with the
United States. Some further meetings
and correspondence followed.
Mr. Blame in the meantime was ver
bally urging Mr. Montt, the Chilian
plenipotentiary, to ask arbitration,
while the President had let it be known
that he would not submit a question
of honor to the Judgment of others.
These negotiations were taking place
when the President abruptly ordered
that Mr. Egan present at once an ulti
matum demanding indemnity and im
mediate apology.
Senor Quesada meanwhile was busily
1 engaged in drafting a treaty of alliance
' and congratulating himself on the
clever manner in which his instructions
had been accomplished. Mr. Blame, at
the same time, was entertaining and
encouraging proposals for the purpose
of peace from Brazil, against whom
; Senor Quesada was principally direct
ing his shrewdness and diplomatic skill.
Next followed an apology and offer of
reparation on the part of Chile. It
served together with dlplomatlo corre
spondence, then made public, to thor
oughly convince Senor Quesada that he
had been made the victim of his own
Indiscretion. He remained in Washing
ton for a brief period, though sufficient
ly long to openly declare his undying
disgust for everything American, his
pronounced hatred for the United
States in general and its department of
state In particular. Upon his own re
quest he was transferred to Madrid and
departed in silence, without exchang
ing the usual compliments and regrets.
SECRETARY ALGER
IS SERIOUSLY ILL.
Physicians Fear That He Has Typhoid Fever,
and the Outcome Worries Rela
tives and Friends.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 9.— Members of
the family and immediate friends of
Secretary Alger are seriously disturbed
about his illness. His physicians now
fear that he has typhoid fever, and if
this diagnosis should prove correct the
outcome will be In doubt from the
start, as the Secretary is in no condi
tion to contend with the disease.
General Alger has been confined to
his bed for more than three weeks.
To-day the symptoms of typhoid ap
peared, and while the doctors will not
say It is a pronounced case of that
disease, they are apprehensive that
it will turn out that way. They said
to-night that the case would be fully
developed to-morrow If It is typhoid
fever.
NEW TO-DAY.
3d3 d WEEK
OF OUR
GREAT unloading SALE!
. We intend it shall bz the banner week with inducements
greater than ever— prices way below cost.
IT'S MONEY WE ARE AFTER— NOT PROFITS !
Others don't carry such well-made, perfect-fitting
clothing at the price this great sale offers them.
a^: overstocked
MEN'S DRESS suits.
Blue, Blacl, Brown and Gray. Cas-
simeres and Ctieyiols. Elegant single and _
double tasted Sacks : regular $11,50 : JsBtott\ffflb H5
we're overloaded and they go f0r 56,65. JfsPPßTfc H^
OVERCOATS — Bine and Black Ker- filflk w«F
seys, half si lined ; dressy, swell gar- if M m- =^
ments mat others can't offer ; replarly I||| #
$12.50; we're oyerloaied; tley go
for $6,65. '
MEN'S DRESS SUITS.
In Black, Clay Worsted, single and
doile -breasted. Sack. Cutaway and JJSHB&. JfHf^'
Frock; latest and most slylisl Browns m. Kftft%*^k
and Grays-yery swell suits : also in m 1m 1 JSBI BjJh
Cheviots and Tweeds. High-grade
clothing: regularly worth $16.50 and . n Hr =
$15.00 ; we're oyerloaded and they go xl^^ '
for $9.65, ,
We were 90 days late In opening our new store.
YOU KNOW THAT'S A FACT!
We must get rid of a $50,000 surplus of high-grade clothing
at a loss. PROFITS GO TO RAISE MONEY.
MEN'S PANTS,
All-wool, Stripes, Fancy Checks and H^^l HH
latest patterns ; our windows show how k£^U|b Hik
cloice tley are; former price $3.50- illlSWdS®
and $3 : they go now for $1.95, %m
Our $5 and $4,50 PASTS shall go, §» - —
tense we're overloaded, for $2.45, gEa
CHILDREN'S SUITS. ~
Extra choice Tweeds and Cheviots, pS^^^^ PV
latest shades of Tan and Gray. All-wool Raj P^L
2-piece suits— dressy and exclusive— iS^^^^M
formerly sold for $5. $4 and $3.50 ; Mm
we're overloaded, so take your choice Mip — — ~-^
f0r 51.95. ••■ mm
BEWARE! ~ ~
There are imitators all round us. See how they have copied our
signs and our methods. Your eyes tell you we first started this
great sale. Come in and see how we save you money. That's where
we beat them all.
The Big PiHCfIN A fif) *«
White Building g ft U 0 U ll V* UUI Sutter&Kearny
HEPWORTH AT
ALEXANDRETTA
Travels of the Commissioner
Through Wilds of Asia
Minor.
First Party of Foreigners to Make the
Perilous Journey to the
Sea Coast.
Copyright, ISJB, by James Gordon Bennett.
ALEXANDRETTA, Jan. 9.— We have
reached the seaccrast at last, nearly 900
miles from Treblzond, the traveling be
ing mostly accomplished on horseback.
We are the only foreigners who have
done the whole journey. "We laid out
the route ourselves, and visited what
places we pleased without hindrance.
We found the country settled down and
in fair order. The last city we visited
was Aintab, an important center of
American missionary and educational
work. We sail to-night for Constanti
nople. GEORGE H. HEPWORTH.
PARIS. Jan. 9.— The following is the
summary of a letter written by George
H. Hepworth on the road to Bitlis, dat
ed December 12, 1597: "We have pass
ed through many dangers. Twenty
soldiers of cavalry went ahead to clear
away the snow drifts. Every man has
been ill except the Herald correspond
ent. We know how to take care of our
selves, and the Turk does not. We
avoided the food of the country and
the water, which is deadly. It was a
nine days' trip from Erzeroum to Bit
lis. There are practically no roads, but
I am glad to have come. I
would not have missed the jour
ney for worlds, but I would not take
it again for a mortgage on a thousand
planets. Not far out of Erzeroum we
reached a village of a score of huts,
where a European has never been seen.
The women and children are in rags
and barefooted in some of these vil
lages. Up to a few years ago Armeni
an and Kurdish fathers sold their
daughters for about £30 each. I have
never seen so filthy or so contented peo
ple.
"We had a carious experience near
the Persian-Russian frontier in a vil
lage with an unpronounceable name
near here. The Turk who received us
was the landlord, which was a rever
sal of the order of things. He allowed
me to talk freely with a dozen or so of
Armenian villagers. The farm land is
worked on shares, half the profits go
ing to the landlord. We caught sight
of Mount Ararat in the distance and
saw a good deal of Hamidieh cavalry,
who were an important factor in the
last massacres. They are the fiercest
men we ever met. They swear by the
Sultan, and do as they please with
Turk or Christian, fearing no conse
quences."
John E. Redmond Welcomed.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— John E. Red
mond, the Irish political leader, re
ceived a rousing popular welcome In
the Broadway Theater to-night. Every
seat was occupied, and as Mr. Red
mond stepped upon the platform there
rose a cheer from every throat. Among
those upon the platform and in the
boxes were Recorder John W. Goff,
former Congressman Bourke Cockran,
William Astor Chanler, Congressman
William Sulzer and O'Donovan Rossa,
Narragansett Bay Mansion Burned.
PROVIDENCE, R. 1., Jan. 8. — Th«
Steer mansion at Nyatt, one of the
best-known residences along the shore
of Narragansett bay, was totallly de
stroyed by fire shortly after midnight
this morning. It cost $30,000.
NEW TO-DAT.
WASTE NOTJVANT NOT.
He Who in Youth Outrages the
Laws of Nature Must Repay.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL, CONSULT
DOCTOR SWEANY.
Established 15 Years
AT
737 MARKET STREET
lie restores lost vigor and vitality to
weak men. Orsrans of the body which
I have been we.'iKened through disease,
] overwork, excises or indiscretions are
; restored to perfect health and strength
j through his new artd original system of
i treatment. RUPTURE cured by his new
; method, without knife, truss or detention
I from work, a painless, sure and perma-
I nent cure. VARKOCELE, hydrocele,
I swelling and tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailing success. Contagt-
1 ova blood poison in any of Its stages
, thoroughly eradicated from the system.
Ladles will receive special attention for
I all their many ailments. WRITE if you
cannot call. No charge for advice by
mail. Hp will also send you a valuable
book, "Guide to Health," free of charge.
' Address F. L. SWKAXY, M. D., 737 Mar-
i ket street. San Francisco, Cal.
34
MONDAY JANUARY 10, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprieto^
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St«., S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson strea
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY^ Is
served by carriers in this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mail $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL Or* year, by n>all. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON D. C. OFFICE Rifcfts House
C. C. CAKLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES--527 Montgomery street, corner Clay;
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street: open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 MoAlllster street; open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock-
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open until
9 o'clock- 2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock
106 Eleventh st.: open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk street
cpen until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
and Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin—" The Man From Mexico."
California— "A Night in New York."
Aicazar— "Esmeralda."
Morosoo's— "The Plunger."
Tivoll— "Mother Goose."
Orphoum— Vaudeville.
Bush— The Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Company.
Oberon— Cosmopolitan Orchestra.
Sherman. Clay & Co. Hall— Debut of Miss Frances Davis,
Tuesday -— — '— g_ January 11.
The Chutes— Cniquita and Vaudeville.
California- Jockey Club, Oakland Racetrack— Races To-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Killip 4 Co.— This day, January 10, Horses, at corner Van
Ness avenue ana Market sts., at 11 o'clock.
THE FIRST BUSINESS WEEK
THE new year opens most auspiciously. In
fact, prospects are the brightest of any new
year for a long time. Nowhere on the com
mercial horizon appears a cloud. The reaction in
trade mentioned along in December as being al
most unprecedented for that time of the year is
slowly gaining force, and from all lines of goods
come reports of an increasing demand for supplies.
H indications for the past month are realized, 1898
will be the liveliest business year the United States
has ever seen.
The statistical showing of the country at large
in 1597 is now at hand and the exhibit is gratify
ing. In failures, the year was the best ever known.
The total number of failures of national, State, sav
ings and private banks and loan and trust com
panies in 1897 was 105, a little more than half those
of 1896, and less than one-fifth those of the panic
year, 1893. Liabilities also showed a heavy falling
off, being 60 per cent smaller than in 1896 and 90
per cent smaller than 1893. The number and lia
bilities, however, were slightly larger than 1894.
The percentage of assets to liabilities in 1897 was
only .76, the smallest reported since Bradstreet's
record of bank suspensions was begun.
The bank clearings of the country last week kept
up their favorable showing, there being an increase
of 23.6 per cent over the same week In 1897, only
three cities of any importance showing a decrease.
The great commercial cities exhibited gains rang
ing from .8 per cent (Boston) to 41.8 (Minneapolis).
The gain in New York was 29.9 per cent, in Chi
cago 39.4 per cent, and in San Francisco 31.7 per
cent.
The prospects for the manufacturing staples is
brilliant. The feeling in cotton manufacture is re
ported better, while in woolens the mills are buy
ing heavily to keep abreast of their orders. The
consumption of wool during the past five months
has been the heaviest ever known, which is .veil
illustrated by sales of over 7,000,000 pounds at Bos
ton alone during the closing week of the year,
something unprecedented. The iron trade is en
joying an unusually fine business for the season,
with excellent prospects for a still better movement
as the year advances. Railroad earnings continue
to show a marked increase.
On this coast prospects are as brilliant as in the
East, it not more so. Dealers in almost all lines
are reporting increased demand- for goods, though
there is no marked activity as yet. The possibili
ties contained in the Alaskan demand are but feebly
shown at the moment, but there will be lively times
in this trade in a few weeks. The great produce
staples are showing renewed life and stocks of the
majority are well reduced. It only needs a little
quickening in the demand for wool to start another
boom in this staple. Dried fruits and raisins are
meeting with more call, and at the present rate of
consumption stocks of both will Le found practi
cally nil when the new crop comes forward. Hides
have advanced since last review and are active anft
firm at the improved quotations. The provision
trade rules dull, but this is the normal condition
of this market in January. Beef and mutton are
strong, and hogs are slowly advancing under a
growing scarcity. Hay has again crept up slightly
and bids fair to do some more creeping in this di
rection. The humble potato, too, that common
place esculent which generally is the reverse of sen
sational, is slowly advancing in price under a grow
ing scarcity all over the United States. When the
potato starts in to rise what possibilities are not
contained in the more pretentious staples?
The light rain of last week did not produce much
effect on the local markets. Wheat was undis
turbed. Barley weakened, curiously enough, for
the fall was insignificant in the most important dis
tricts. Hay advanced in the face of it, and oats, too,
rose with light stocks and smaller offerings from
the north. The butter market dropped sharply.
The local financial market remains without fea
ture.
For many days the Examiner had been writing
funny stories about proceedings in Judge Camp
bell's court, stories designed to make the jurist
smile, to woo him to mellow moods. Perhaps the
jurist smiled, but he did not get mellow. It will be
long before the Examiner will be able to find any
thing funny in the department over which he pre
sides. The Judge is no joke.
Perhaps there is something in the rumor that the
Kaiser has secured a gold brick in getting the bay
of Kiaochau from the Chinese, and confirmation of
this will be cheerfully received. The world is just
mean enough to enjoy a laugh at the burglar who
laboriously drills into an empty safe.
While the president of the gas company states
freely that the gas he sells at a high rate is not un
duly poisonous he has not been observed in any ef
fort to promote his health by breathing it.
PLANS FOR CURRENCY REFORM.
THE revival of trade and the gradual substitu
tion of more prosperous conditions for the
stress and pinch that began with the panic of
1893 have somewhat diverted public attention from
the statutory errors in our financial system, which
all observers believed had much to do with that
calamity. Panics come under all systems, but if
it be possible to limit and lessen the known causes
which produce them, leaving them to an entirely
natural origin in the common impulses which af
fect men in the mass to a loss of confidence and
courage in the future, they will be less frequent,
less distressing while they last and of less duration.
The sound-money men and the fiatists alike trace
either the panic itself or its destructive duration to
errors in our financial legislation. These may not
have been errors in the beginning, but have become
so by lapse of time and the growth of the country.
The tailor who cuts a suit for a boy should not be
held guilty of blundering because it does not fit
the owner when he is grown to be a man. It is
quite the fashion of the fiatists to rail at the Re
publican party or at the old Democracy which dis
appeared in Bryan's shadow, because a banking and
currency system quite adequate for thirty millions
of people is not ample enough for seventy millions.
The sound-money men waste no time m accusation,
in "pointing with pride," or "viewing with alarm,"
but have set about finding a remedy, and have pro
posed their plan. Between this plan, or some one
like it, and the plan of the fiatists the people will
be called upon to choose next November in the elec
tion of a new House of Representatives.
The plan of the sound-money men should be wide
ly known, for the plan of the fiatists is kept continu
ally before the public and gains a percentage of con
\erts because no other plan is kept In sight. Cali
fornia must help in the choice and decision of next
November. She has in Mr. John P. Irish a rep
resentative on the Executive Committee of the
Monetary Conference of the sound-money men, and
in Mr. Louis A. Garnett a representative on the
Commission appointed by that Executive Commit
tee, which has just reported.
The Commission consists of ex-Senator George F.
Edmunds of Vermont, General George E. Leigh
ton of Missouri, T. G. Bush of Alabama, W. B.
Dean of Minnesota, Charles S. Fairchild and Stuy
vesant Fish of New York, J. W. Fries of North
Carolina, Louis A. Garnett of California, Professor
J. Laurence Laughlin of the Chicago University, C.
Stuart Patterson, dean of the Faculty University
of Pennsylvania, and Robert S. Taylor of Indiana.
Every division of the country being represented, it
is fair to assume that the needs of each are met and
merged in the report.
The plan reported by this Commission is em
bodied in a bill offered in the House by Mr. Over
street of Indiana. It deals with:
First — The standard of value.
Second — The silver currency.
Third — The demand obligations of the Govern
ment.
' Fourth — The banking system.
To-day The Call undertakes to state the plan
under the first head and will follow it until it is com
pletely before our readers.
The Commission proposes to make silver certi
ficates redeemable in silver dollars. The people, by
their Government, own a large stock of silver bul
lion, silver dollars and silver in the smaller coins,
and are therefore interested in the continued use
of silver as currency, and in the maintenance of the
currency at par with gold.
The dollar, by reason of its bulk, has proved un
suitable and unpopular for circulation. Though
transported free by the Government in order to
force it into circulation, the highest sum ever in
circulation was $67,000,000, and at present it amounts
to $60,196,778.
There are now in circulation $354,355,031 in paper
notes as currency in $1, $2 and $5 bills, of which
$154,965,473 are silver certificates and $199,389,558
are greenbacks, treasury notes of 1890 and national
bank notes.
Retiring all of these small notes except silver cer
tificates and supplying their place with such cer
] tificates in the same denominations will make room
for $199,389,558 of such certificates. As there are
; outstanding in larger denominations silver certifi
; cates amounting to $229,205,031, their conversion
into the smaller bills will leave in circulation of the.
j large bills only $29,815,473, to be redeemed in silver
dollars when presented. The small notes in green
backs, national bank currency and treasury notes
I of 1890, when retired would be replaced by larger
notes. When these steps are taken the currency
of the country of all denominations below $10 will
be silver coin and silver certificates redeemable in
coined dollars of that metal and the $2 50 and $5
gold pieces. If it be found that parity is not en
dangered, the whole stock of 452,713,793 silver dol
lars owned by the Government may be issued in
these small notes. If, however, this stock be so
large as to imperil parity and put the standard of
value in danger, the stock may be reduced by with
drawal and sale of the coins as buHion.
This part of the plan, like all its part 9, is de
clared by the Commission to depend upon inflexi
ble maintenance of the gold standard of value, as
the only means of securing an ample and flexible
medium of exchange.
The other features of the report will be consid
ered in their order.
The enterprising officer who arrested a Stanford
professor as a counterfeiter offered to bet $20 that
he had the right man. Of course he would have
lost the money, which would have made him un
happy. Now he has only to worry him recollec
tion of the fact that he put an honest gentleman
in jail; which, judged by common knowledge con
cerning officers in general, will not be reckoned a
burden grievous to be borne.
Uruguay's President, the telegraph states, is pre
paring for an emergency. He must be a peculiar
sort of official to be in need of this. Part of the
duty of a President down that way is to be pre
pared all the time. The Government in Uruguay
consists of a series of emergencies, with here and
there a ciimax.
The man in Paris who killed a woman just after
she had thrown vitriol upon him deserves well.
There is no adequate punishment provided for the
class of offenders to which she belonged, but in lieu
of a suitable treatment for them even mere killing
is better than nothing.
Accounts of lynching in communities ordinarily
law-abiding do not form pleasant reading. In fact,
there is nothing less desirable, except accounts of
the manner in which criminals are permitted to
escape. Thoughtful people have figured out that
there is some connection between the two.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1898.
RECIPROCITY AND CALIFORNIA.
AMONG the political affairs California will
have to watch with close attention this win
ter are the commercial treaties now being ar
ranged with foreign countries under the terms of
the Dingley tariff. While it is fair to assume the
administration will guard the interests of this State
as well as of the rest of the Union, there is never
theless a possibility of injury to some of our largest
industries unless we ourselves keep guard over them.
Under section 3 of the tariff the President, in ar
ranging commercial treaties, is authorized to sus
pend duties upon argols, wine lees, brandies or other
spirits, champagne and all other sparkling wines,
still wines, vermouth, painting and statuary. Under
section 4 he is permitted, with the consent of the
Senate, to reduce any or all duties levied by the
tariff 20 per cent in making such treaties. It will be
seen that if treaties are negotiated under section 3
the concessions granted to foreign countries will fall
almost wholly upon the wine and spirit industry,
and this is one in which California has a most im
portant stake.
The countries that have shown most willingness to
arrange treaties of a commercial kind with us are
France, Germany and Italy. All of these desire con
cessions in the way of lower or no duties on wines
and fruits, and Germany and France desire also a
reduction of the duly on sugar. Negotiations for
these treaties are now under way and of course
some of the demands of the foreign countries will
have to be granted.
It so happens that articles of export from the
three countries named come into conflict with the
products of California more than with those of any
other State. Many sections of the Union would
willingly admit wines free of duty and sugar and
fruit at reduced duties from Germany and France
tor the sake of obtaining markets in those coun
tries for pork, wheat or corn. The East would gain
by such treaties and California would be a heavy
loser.
The dissimilarity between California and the East
is the source of danger in this regard. Our rural
products are more like those of Europe than like
those of the States beyond the Rockies. The products
on which they would most willingly grant conces
sions are those on which we have the most need of
protection. It is for this reason that watchfulness
on our part is necessary.
It is clear that if we grant a free admission to the
wines of Italy. France and Germany California
would suffer. If we grant a2O per cent reduction
en sugar and fruits to those countries California
would suffer. Against any propositions of the kind,
therefore, the State should be prepared to act
piomptly and vigorously. Reciprocity is an excel
lent thing when wisely carried out, as was done by
Secretary Blame during the Harrison administra
tion, but it will be far from excellent if negotiated on
terms that will give all the benefits to one section of
the Union and throw all the cost upon another.
BRYAN'S speech at the Jackson day banquet
of the Democrats of Chicago will neither in
crease nor diminish his reputation. It was
essentially the same as all his utterances from the
stump — a distortion of fact, a misrepresentation of
political opponents, an appeal to class antagonisms
and an effort to prove that the property interests
of the country are hostile to the rights of the people.
Bryan declared the legislation accomplished by
the McKinley administration has in no wise ad
vanced the welfare of the industries of the country.
In the face of the general revival of trade and the
advancing prices of the products of all forms of ru
ral industry this was a bold assertion for a man to
make even at a banquet where the spirit of truth is
sacrificed to the spirit of the bottle.
Mr. Bryan, who dors not drink and was intoxi
cated only by the exuberance of his own rhetoric,
felt that he had got himself upon a dizzy height and
sought for some fact to stand on. He found it in
the recent reduction of wages by the New England
cotton mills. Here he said is the proof that wages
are going down all over the land and the manhood
of the nation is being crushed by protection and
gold money.
It is true there has been a reduction of wages in
New England cotton mills. It is equally true the
reduction was forced by the competition of the
cheap labor of the Southern States. Bryan has
two remedies to offer — free trade and free silver.
The first would expose the wage earners of every
American industry to the competition of the cheap
labor of the whole world. The second would re
duce the value of wages from the gold standard to
the silver standard, a reduction in purchasing power
equal to about 50 per cent. For a wage earner to
accept cither of these remedies would be like cut
ting off a leg to cure a corn.
In a tirade directed at Secretary Gage, Bryan
said: "He possesses a sublime faith in the super
iority of money over man, and a supreme contempt
for the rights, the interests and the opinions of the
people at large." With all due respect to the dig
nity of a man who has been a candidate for the
Presidency and is still traveling on it by the aid of
free passes from railroad corporations, that asser
tion was positively silly. Mr. Gage no more than
any other Republican believes in the superiority of
money over man. but he does believe a man with
out money ought to have a chance to earn it and
ought also to get good money for his work.
Mr. Bryan would do well to ponder the wisdom
of the aphorism of Speaker Reed: "It would be
better for some men not to know so much than to
know so many things that are not so."
Without presuming to offer much advice to the
people in the Klondike, it surely will not be amiss
to suggest that some of the confidence men now
bound in that direction offer fine material for the
old vigilantes to use in getting into practice again.
It seems almost like a WMtc of time for the
powers to open a field wherein missionaries may
teach a creed in which "Thou shalt not steal" ap
pears. The powers are not leaving anything worth
stealing.
Dr. Wilson's scheme to provide a home for work
ing women is so reasonable and humane as to ap
peal to everybody who desires to see the world made
better and happier.
Turkey is in some respects a polite nation. Once
more it has been told that it must settle the claims
of America. Yet nobody has heard Turkey ex
claim "Chestnuts!"
Gas Inspector Taylor might profitably employ
some of his time in ascertaining the nature of gas.
Knowledge of this kind is useful to one in his line
oi business.
BRYAN'S LATEST.
INDIVIDUAL THOUGHTS
BY A MODEST CRITIC
The annexationists must purely be
In the last ditch. Truly enaugh, they
never have had a fighting chance
since the truth began to be told about
the neat little schemes to abandon the
Monroe doctrine, saddle on this coun
try a few million dollars of debts, and
admit to American citizenship a horde
of coolies. There has never been a
sound argument made on the side of
annexation, for the very good reason
that tione can be made. We have,
nevertheless, heard some erratic views
on the quesMon. For instance, Senator
Morgan was recently reported as say
ing that he saw a revolution approach
ing in Hawaii If annexation were not
accomplished, and therefore it was sup
pusable that in his mind it was neces
sary to hurry up with the diabolical job.
What occult power the Senator has I
know not, but he saw anything but
revolution some months ago when he
was there. The situation may have
changed materially since then, but if
so we have heard nothing of it on the
Pacific slope. What we shall lose by
letting the Hawaiian people aljrend to
their own affairs is not apparent.
Again, this prominent Democrat an
nounced on the occasion when he
honored us with his presence and opin
ions as one reason for annexing the
Sandwich group that when he was in
Honolulu he saw no great opposition
to annexation shown by the natives.
That is a very strong argument on
his chosen side of the case clearly
enough! I have no desire to lampoon
this distinguished gentleman, but if he
will hie him to Patagonia he will find
no great opposition on the part of the
Patagonians to become free and en
lightened American citizens. Let us
proceed, then, with all due celerity to
annex Patagonia, and in heaven's
name let us fortify it too. We shall
surely have to fortify the Hawaiian
Islands if we are to make them part
of American territory.
Driven by ridicule and fair argument
from the position which it has main
tained as to the commercial and stra-
tegic value of these islands to us, the
Chronicle has fallen back on the salu
brity of the climate as a reason for an
nexation. At great expense, doubtless,
it has added to Its staff an astronomer
and a meteorologist for the purpose of
teaching the public that heat is felt
in direct proportion, the world over, to
the height of the mercury in the tube
of a thermometer; that trade winds
are unvarying, and that the sun's
erliptic has recently been changed for
the benefit of annexat.ionists only. The
meteorologist has probably never been
outside of San Francisco or he would
know that radiation and humidity
have as much to do with oppressive
heat as has the amount of heat emit
ted by the sun's rays. To illustrate:
I have found the heat much harder to
bear in New York with the thermome
ter at 90 degrees Fahrenheit in the
shade than I have in Calcutta when
the temperature was 100 or over. This
scientist would find also, had he the
necessary experience, that trade winds
do fail, and those of the North Pacific
Ocean are least of all to be relied on.
But the statement by the astronomer
that the sun is never vertical in Ha
waii, already referred to I believe edi
torially, is most comical of all. Burn
ham and Barnard have vowed that
places between a line drawn 23 degrees
and 28 minutes parallel to and north of
the equatorial line and a line drawn in
like manner at a similar distance south
of it have the sun in the zenith twice
in his yearly course. But, then, Pro
fessors Burnham and Barnard may
have been wrong, and they were not
interested in annexation anyway!
So how could they know? Sensible ar
guments on the annexation side truly
grow apace.
The "tempest in a teapot" in the Ori
ent seems to be over. It has. as usual,
produced some remarkable cablegrams
from foreign correspondents of tlie
CreelmM type. (By the by, what has
become of this interviewer of Kings,
Princes, Sultans and Popes?) A few
days ago we were seriously told that
England had "ordered out the naval
reserve on the China station." That
would bt a fighting force of about ten
men — at most twenty. The English
naval reserve is Tiot fashioned after
our plan. It is composed of sailors
serving at sea regularly, who are
drilled on board a Government vessel
or at a shore battery a specific num
ber of days in each year. It is seldom
that any ship has among her crew
more than two men of this reserve,
and I doubt much if there are forty to
be found in all the British shipping in
this port.
Now that the trouble over the Chi
nese territory Is apparently at an end
lot us see what probably caused all the
fuss. It was something like this: Ger
many applied to China for the privilege
of a coaling station on the Chinese sea
board. The request was refused. It
was again urged and again refused,
and then pressure was brought to bear.
Most of the other great powers have
facilities in the Orient that Germany
did not possess, and she had a perfect
right to ask the courtesy. It is more
than probable, too, that she offered to
lease the land she wanted at the begin
ning of the negotiations. That the Chi
nese were alarmed, at the landing of
German marines is easily credible, their
late experience with Japan being still
fresh in memory. Fearing further dis
aster she gave way. The idea of John
Bull negotiating an 580.000.000 loan for
China was proof enough that there was
to be no dividing up of Chinese terri
tory, and that peace was well assured.
Mr. Bull is a pretty astute and a very
careful financier.
Professor John W. Keely, he of motor
DESERVES CREDIT FOR THE DEPARTURE.
Oakland Enquirer.
"It is by dosipn, and after mature deliberation, that The Call
prints the story of the Durrant execution without any illustrations.
and with no attempt at embellishment of the plain facts." So says
The Call of thia morning, and it deserves credit for its departure from
the usual custom. Whatever one's calm Judgment of the merit of
capital punishment may be, whenever he sees in a newspaper a pic
ture of a man on a scaffold with a rope around his neck, he feels like
laying with the poet—
"The gallows tree!
Breath of Christian charity,
Blow and sweep it from the earth!"
fame, has, it is stated, got his flying
machine — on which he has been at
work for years — so nearly perfected
that he proposes to place stock in his
aerial navigation company on the mar
ket at once. His latest olaim is that he
has overcome gravitation by what he
calls "sympathetic outreach." The term
is not explicit to the ordinary mind, but
Don John W. Keely is no ordinary
man: he is a genius, as the New York
Tribune pointed out in a very humor
ous editorial many years ago. At that
time it was the wiggle motion of the
gilder fluke for his motor that this in
ventor depended on for success, which
is not much more understandable than
is the sympathetic outreach. Some of
the Tribunes editorial is well worth
quoting, for it may guide investors
when Dr. Keely's prospectus reaches
this coast. Among other things it said:
"When Dr. Keely is called upon by
some doubting stockholder to explain
the workings of the motor he is all
smiles, and conducting the victim into
the presence of the machine he says:
'You see, my friend, the way we op
erate the motor is this: Taking hold of
the lever we pull it toward us. ' This
causes the small flip-flap to be with
drawn, allowing the flibber-snatcher to
fall into its place on the rai rod. As
soon as this happens it acts directly on
the slam-bang, causing it to make a
half revolution and start the get-up
and-get motion of the fiunker-flopper
which in turn communicates its energy
to the wapper-chock. After these things
have run for about five minutes they
cause the jig- jag valve to turn and the
asthmatic gas to flow through the pipe
to the cylinder and gives the wiggle
motion to the gilder-fluke. That's the
point we are striving after— the wiggle
motion of the gilder-fluke. "Why, my
dear sir, without the wiggle-motion of
the gilder-fluke you wouldn't think of
putting your money into the motor.
But with it, sir, we are — eh? another
share? All right, come into the office
and I'll have it made out for you inside
of a minute."
Mr. Keely's mental endowments seem
to run in particular lines. He appears
to have no mechanical ingenuity, his
strong point being his ability as a col
lector. He has one of the largest and
best arranged collections of other peo
ple's money to be found in the United
States. Having during a fit of tempo
rary insanity constructed a machinrr
that no power on earth can start he
now sits down calmly and allows this
same mechanical nightmare to make
his living for him. This is genius. The
man who can create a company stocK
in which Is placed among the holder's
liabilities when he fails, and then con
tinues to sell this stock every day, is
doing something that ordinary men of
talent cannot do. He has rißen above
them. This is John W. Keely. He toils
not, neither does he spin; but he has
got a hysterical collection of crooked
pipes and lop-sided wheels tied up in
his back room that extract the reluc
tant dollar from the pocket of avarice
without fail.
And there is little doubt but that his
flying machine with its '"sympathetic
outreach" will continue the good work
of keeping Professor Keely in royal
style — the work so ably begun by the
wiggle-motion of the gilder-fluke.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
C. V. Trust, a Boston capitalist, is at
the Palace.
H. W. Crabb, a vineyardist of Oakville.
is at the Grand.
Dr. F. P. Mitchell, a physician of Red
dine, is at the Grand.
W. J. Conners, a leading New Yorker,
is a guest at the Palace.
L. F. Barnes, a leading business man of
Redding, is at the Grand.
F. Payte, a grain man of Marysvllle, ar
rived at the Palace yesterday.
F. A. Boole, a lumber man of Sanger,
Is among the guests at the Grand.
"W. F. Robinson, a mining man of Moke
lumne Hill, is staying at the Lick.
J. M. Errlll, a well-known New Yorker,
will be at the Baldwin a few days.
A gent leman
who has been
for many years
interested in the
trade between
this port and the
;; REMARKABLE j
FEATS I
! OF DIVING. |!
♦ I
islands of the
Tacific is stay
ins: for a few days at one of our leading
h.'tt'l<.
Y.storday in speaking of the pearl fish
eries to some friends he said: "The most
remarkable thing to my mind about the
natives of those islands tying along the
line of the equator is their ability as di
vers and the length of time they can
stay under water.
"In the lagoona of these coral atolls,
where the pearl fisheries are carried on,
it is no uncommon sight to see the whole
village— men, women and children— in the
water at one time, diving for the prec
ious shell.
"The average depth to which the full
grown diver descends is from fifteen to
twenty fathoms, though a plunge of
twenty-seven or twonty-nine fathoms is
an occurrence so common as to excite no
comment. The time spent under the
water is from three to five minutes.
"The greatest dive I ever heard of was
made by a prisoner from the Marquesas,
who went down thirty-six fathoms t to res
cue a native who had become exhausted
and unable to get up to the surface. He
succeeded in the attempt and was re
warded by a pardon from the French
Government."
At the Baldwin are registered Willie
Collier and his "Man From Mexico."
J. R. Foote, a mining man from Mon
tana, is with his wife at the Palace.
J. W. Ivy, a prominent society man of
Portland, is at the Lick with his wife.
D. V. Arthur, a leading business man
of New York, is staying ;it tho Palace.
Hermann Stoll. a coffee planter of Cfctft*
linn Island, is at the Occidental with his
family.
Lieutenant Harris Liming, V. S. N., Is
In the city. He is staying at the Occi
dental.
W. H. Harrington, a well-known manu
facturer of Chicago, has registered at tho
1 •(■•■icii-ntnl.
Charles F. Spalding, a well-known capi
talist of East Orange, N. J., is a guest
at the Palace.
D. M. Everts, a prominent resident of
Victoria, B. C, is at the Occidental.
F. M. Mason, superintendent of the
Sierra Gold Company at Downieville, is
at the Grand for a few days.
Dr. Chauncey R. Burr, the well-known
physician of San Jose, is at the Occi
dental. He is accompanied by Mrs. Burr.
D. M. Levy, a prominent business man
of Vallejo, and "William Shaw, a well
known attorney of Sacramento, are reg
istered at the Grand.
"Smiling" Ed
die Dunn, the
advance agent,
of the "Courted
Into Court"
Company, which
WHY DUNN'S
SMILE
DISAPPEARED.
is to follow Nel-
lie McHenry at
the California, where nil the plays that
were 1>. .. .k. <1 for the Columbia will ap
pear until the repairs made necessary by
the fire are completed, arrived in this
city last Thursday on the 5:45 overland
train from New York.
T'pon leaving the boat at the foot of
Market street Mr. Dunn entered an ad
jacent hack and heaving a gentle sigh
of satisfaction, settled himself among
the cushions and bade the jehu drive to
the Baldwin Hotel.
The driver, looking down from his box,
replied that it was impossible to get
within two blocks of the Baldwin.
•Why?" demanded Dunn; "don't the
wheels go round or has the current been
shut off from the horse?"
"Oh, the wheels are all right, and so ifl
the horse," answered the hackman; "but,
you see, the Columbia Theater is burn
ing down just across the street and I
cant get through the crowd."
"My God! The place where I am going
to open," gasped Eddie, and then, with
the famous smile supplanted by a look
of agony, "Drive me to the nearest hos
pital and ring up for a priest."
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— Stephen T. Gage
of San Francisco is at the Manhattan-
W. P. Scott of San Francisco is at the
Holland House. A. C. Hinz of San Fran
cisco is at the Belvedere. S. W. McKim
of Sacramento is at the Albert.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
HAROLD FREDERIC— Reader. Bel
mont, Cal. The address of Harold Fred
eric, the author, is, "care of the New
lork Times office. London, England."
A 810 SALARY— A. S., Healdsburg,
Cal. Richard A. McCurdy, president of
the Mutual Lifo Insurance Company, as
president of that association draws a
salary equal to that paid the President of
the United States. •
DUKE OF MONTROSE— A correspon
dent of this department wishes to know
in what publication he can find a poem
entitled "The Duke of Montrose." Can
any of the Readers of Answers to Cor
respondents inform him?
LEPERS — Oakland Subscriber, Oak
land, Cal. The place where lepers in San
Francisco are detained is at the Twenty
sixth Street Hospital. If you desire to
send a package of books there direct it
to the San Francisco Health Office, City
WHTST— J. T., City. The law of whist,
as laid down by Poole, says: •'Any
player may demand to see the last trick
turned and no more. Under no circum
stances can more than eight cards be
seen during the play of the hand, viz.,
four cards on the table which have not
been turned and quitted and the last
trick turned."
METERS, 7S2B— A. S., City. The gas
companies demand a deposit because it
is a rule and they claim that it is to pro
tect themselves from possible loss by
reason of persons moving away without
settling for the amount of gas used.
There is no city ordinance requiring- c.13
companies to place meters in premises
on the request of those who may wish to
consume gas.
MEDICINE— M. C. M., City. It Is
probable that the person you cite in your
communication was suffering at the'i
time mentioned from the preliminary ef
fect of the disease that confined him to
his room for several weeks. The drug he
took did not produce the disease de
scribed. A number of physicians and
druggists to whom the question was sub
mitted are of the opinion that there is
no drug that would produce such symp
toms.
Cal. glace fruit 50c perlb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont
gomery st. Tel. Main 1042. •
The last of the sons of Garibaldi,
Manlio, a lieutenant in the Italian navy,
has resigned on account of the precar
ious state of his health.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup "
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, soften*
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. £5c a bottl*.
CORONADO.— Atmosphere la perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from the
mists common further north. Round trip
tickets, by steamship. Including; fifteen days'
board at the Hotel del Coronado, $65; longer
stay, $2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco, or A. W. Bailey, mana
ger. Hotel del Coronado, late of Hotel Colo
rado, Glenwood Springs. Colorado.
Captain William H. Summer of Boston,
who has retired from active work,
though in excellent health, was a sea
faring man for sixty-one years contin
uously.
NEW TO-DAY.
After coughs and colds
the germs of consumption
often gain a foothold.
Scott's Emulsion of Cod-
liver Oil with Hypophos-
phites will not cure every,
case; but, if taken in time,
it will cure many.
Even when the disease is
farther advanced, some re-
markable cures are effected.
In the most advanced stages
it prolongs lire, and makes
the days far more - comfort-
able. Everyone -suffering
from consumption ; needs this
food . tonic.
50c. ani $1.00, all druggists.
SCOTT & ROWNH, Chemist*. New York
Radway's Ready Relief for Sprains. Bruises. '
Sore Muscles, Cramps, Burns. Sunburns. Baclt-
ache./Headache, Toothache, Rheumatism. Neu-
ralgia, LurnbOßo. Internally for all Bowel
Pains. Colic. Diarrhoea. Dysentery. Cholera
Morbus and Sickness, Nausea, etc All drug-AROUSED THE
HATRED OF SIN
Evangelist Hilton Opens
a Revival at Dr. Far
rand's Church.
Pleads With the Hardened
and Unregenerate to
Reform.
A Profound Impression Created by
t • Influence of the
Able Preacher.
.'"There'll be nothing sensational.
E>orrt expect it. There'll be no sighs
■-a-nd tears and groans.- It'll not be a
ii of noise, but of hearts; of faith
ye," said Major Hilton who
.'conducted his first revival meeting at
the Howard Presbyterian Church, cor
i.er Oak and Baker, last night.
The evangelist, the lirst forty-three
years of whose life were spent in a pro
fession distinctly unclerieal, is a man
01' middle height, with square shoulders
and a well-set head from which the
brown-gray, thick, curly hair isfastdis
ring. His chin is square and his
mouth is firm, but the expression of his
eyes is kindly. The style of Major ilii
exhortation is dramatic and ef
fective, lie uses homely expressions
and doesn't hold fast to rules of syn
tax, but his voice is excellent, strong
and sympathetic and capable of modu
lations that sway his listeners.
■-Mebbe some of our friends who are
here to-night." he said in the informal,
easy way that is the perfection of plat
form manners, "mebbe they can't Bing,
..or they would. Now, I can't sing, but
'.I'll try to sing a little, and those of us
who can't sing that much might just
'•.•try to make their mouth go as if they
..vnvere sinking, and God'H read the de
•-jsire to praise Him in your hearts. He'li
VHk'.'W the heart. is right, anyway."
■:•.■•' -The fh>t part of Major Hilton's ad
:"-.-jifesß was all wrath. The second all
•l-joVe.
i: '-. "1 am going to speak of sin," he said.
;.;•"'■' lt's no; ■ . . Ject. I wish
'Ye coul'l get rid of it. Then we'd get
ri'l of churches There'd be no need of
them, nor of preachers, nor of ser
vices.
"There are n< - of sin in divine
law. When God comes to deal with
sins he puts 'em all under one head.
The sin Is death. "
MaJ tied forward im
[vely and stretched out a denun
ciatory hand. Then he drew back and
asked sharply.
"What kind of death? Death of the
O, .my no. That's the least- of
it. It's death of the soul, death of
the soul!" he i his voice sink
"Murder isn't the greatest sin. What
is? Denying God- If you say I'll have
<"hrist, that settles it.
That settles it:
"Now, I'm not si:i h a bigot as to
want everybody to acßree with me. Oh
my. no.* 1 don't want to talk to people
who agree with me. It don't take any
backi ral grit to sit still
and listen to nn^- y-.u agree with. Don't
take what I say for granted. I only
talk according to the best light I have.
Tf you'va ter light than mine,
for God's sake won't you come up and
MAJOR HILTON, THE EVANGELIST.
give me the benefit of it? I want the
wry best. I must have the best! For
<;.<J's sake come up if you've more
than I. Won't you? In mercy's name
help me if you can. I've only got a
'short time left. Help me. as I wish to
help you. to make the best of it!"
k -Major Hilton believes in a hell,
Though his "conception of hell is vague,
.■.'thank God."
; : He spoke of the penalty for sin, and
implored his hearers not to confuse
the consequences of sin with the
.penalty imposed thereon.
To explain his position Major Hilton
■. t ; 6!d of two men who had robbed a bank
v.ajid murdered the cashier.
..".'"'.'"They found a sleigh outside the
.'•door. They called it a godsend. But it
::Was really a devil-send," he said, "for
:■: th-y drove the hone till he fell and
:-..tHeti they wandered hither and yori lii
/■the., snow — cold, forsaken, suffering.
NEW TO-DAY.
FACE
Pimples, blotches, blackheads, red. rou^h,
oily, mothy skin, itching, scaly scalp, dry,
thin, and falling hair, and baby blemishes
• d hy CfTicruA Soap, the most
re skin purifying and beautifying
soap in tho world, as well as purest and
Bwcetest for toilet, bath, and nursery.
(yticura
P..ai- li sold throughout the world. Pottm Dbco *»»
Ciip.m. Cow.. Sole Prop*.. Jloeton, U. S. a. I
tty - How to Prevent Face Humor«," mailed tn».
EVERY HUMOR VV ' "t. l 0 Se™M»cqr.i
Then came the officers after them. Oh,
how easy: Saw their tracks in the
sik.w, of course**— the major bent over
and thrust his hands behind him.
'•They were taken. Oh, how simple!
F.e sure your sin will find you out. Be
sure of it!" he exclaimed.
It was as a minister of vengeance
that Major Hilton appeared then, as
he brought his fist down wijh a re
sounding clap upon the desk before
him. Then he went on to tell how the
criminals suffered; first physically
when they endured amputation of their
frozen limbs, and Inter when they wert
hanged for their crimes."
"The wages of sin is death." he re
peated. "Death all along the line. You
can't wipe out sin. Good resolutions
will not do it. Prayer will not do it.
The punishment for sin is death,
death!" the evangelist cried, "and yet"
— his strong, clear voice softened and
fell— "one thing will do it. Belief in
God will do it. Though the penalty for
em be death, the rift of God is eternal
life!"
There is something in Major Hilton's
voice which lends freshness to phi
grown meaningless, almost. There is
a vitality in his manner and a sin
cerity in his way of putting things that
had its effect with the few hundred ;
people Bitting before him. Hia gestures i
are free and frequent. He moves about ,
the little platform easily and naturally,
and when occasion requires it. he acts
the various roles he describes to his
listeners. To offset the Beverity of the)
first part of his talk, he told of a pris
oner con* mned by a judge who had
been his old college friend. Dramatic
ally, he described the scene of convic
tion and sentence.
'•The full extent of the lav, he mur
mured in a trembling voice. "Think
:of if The full extent of the law!"
But he. whose duty it was as a judge
to sentence the criminal, as a friend
paid the debi which represented the ,
prisoners' theft, and
'And just so did God give his only
begotten Son."
The conclusion was spoken so sim
ply that the familiar words acquired ;
a new meaning. And then the evange- ;
list dropping Into the colloquial tone ]
with whi< h he varies his discourse, con
tinued: .. . ,
"Though He may sentence to the full
extent of the law. He knows you, lie
remembere you. He's never had his
eves off you."
'The evening was nearly spent before
Major Hilton made any appeal to his ;
audience.
"I want." he said, "to ask a favor.
I plead for it. I beg for it. in a loving
way In the very spirit of love. o. I
want the privilege of prayine for you—
you Individually, who do not believe as
I do. Will you give it? Will you? It
will cost you an .(Tort, but if you will,
will you Just rise to your feet and then
sit down again?
"Will you?
•oh. be strong, be courageous."
Til wait a moment"
There was a pause. The place was
absolutely BtUl. Then the evangelist
spoke again.
"If youTI just raise a hand. Just
lift your hand. Tfs not curiosity on
my part. I want God to see the mo
tive behind the raised hand. If you
have the desire to for faith let God see
it. o. be strong:'."
"Not one?" he said, after another
pause. "Not one?"
A timid hand went up. It was the
hrind of a woman. The evangelist's
face beamed.
He interrupted the choir later, after
thr> soft contralto and soprano had fin
ished the first verse. Baying "Softer,
softer," and then at the end he made
his second appeal
"Mebbe som.p are perplexed here to
night." he said. "Mebbe some are wav
ering, some are disappointed, pome are
suffering. Now. while all heads are
bent in prayer, will those who wish to
etter, who desire stronger faith In
God. rise. Just ris» and sit again."
And this time, while the congregation
remained with lowered eyes, a woman
rose, sierhed and fell back into a sent.
nAnd then a man rose and then a wor-
an and another and another. And
presently there were many who gave
this mute tet=tim</nial to the preacher's
eloquence. To each he made a motion
that was quiet, graceful and intensely
sympathetic.
"Come home, ye who are weary-
Jesus is calling." Bang the choir, and
during thoir singing there was the si
lent raising and lowering of a hand;
the momentary rise and reseating of
■one who had been moved to make a
declaration of awakened desire for re
ligion.
And that was all there was to this
strange revival meeting: nothing sen
sational, as Major Hilton had 6aid.
WANTED IN SACRAMENTO.
Harold Pilßington, Who Is Well
Corrected, Arrested for
Erobezzlemeot
Harold Pilkington, who is -wanted In
Sacramento for embezzlement, was ar
rested last night by Detective Tom
Gibson, and was locked up in the City
Prlson. He will be returned to the
Capital City to-day.
Gibson worked a clever game to catch
Pilkington. Convinced that he was
stepping with his parents on Twenty
fourth street, the detective wrote a
note to him, asking him to meet a
friend who was anxious to see him.
I Evidently thinking that the note was
genuine, Pilkington, who is well con
nected, went to the meeting place. Hi;
was met by Gibson and was at once
placed under arrest.
Two Sudden DeathD.
Two deaths were reported at the Coro
ner's office yesterday, ixiuls Dehrmann,
while in a salooon at 423 Third street,
was taken ill and before medical aid
reached him he died, supposedly from
natural causes.
Giacomo Cappalll, while visiting the.
residence of an acquaintance where a
death was in the family, was taken ill
and expired from heart failure. Both
bodies we re removed to the Morgue.
The inquest on the body of Howard R.
McNlcholl, who was killed on New
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MOXDAY, JANUARY 10, 1898.
AN OLD SAN FRANCISCO FAVORITE.
Mrs. Willie Collier, better known to the theater-going population of San
Francisco as Louise Allen, arrived in the city last night as the leading lady
of her husband's play, "The Man From Mexico." which begins a two
weeks' engagement i;t the Baldwin this evening. Since her last appearance
here in "Hoss and Hoss," when she acted with the i nly Charlie Reed, Mrs.
Collier has made a remarkable success in the East in a number of different
parts of her own creation. She has always been a special pet of the San
Francisco public, and her rapid advance has been watched with much in
terest by her many friends who remember her as an amiable as well as a
talented and beautiful girl.
Year's eve. has been continued by Coro
ner Hawkins for the purpose of collect
ing evidence as to whether the railroad
company was ;;t fault <>r not in bringing
about his <le:ith. McNlcholl was well con
din this city. He was a brother-in
law of A. W. Wilson, the restaurant
man. and has relatives in Canada in hiph
standing. The inquest will be held dur
ing the wock.
BUSH-STREET THEATER.
The German Hebrew Opera Cort)-
pany MakJog a Hit at That
Place of Arrjusement.
The "hoodoo" is gone from the Bush
street Theater judging from the at
tendance at the German Hebrew opera
there last night. "S. EL O." sign was
out early in the evening and even the
boxes were filled.
The opera is the story of Alexandre,
the Crown Prince of Jerusalem, who
when out hunting; one day m»-t a
maiden with whom he fell desperate
ly In love. The young woman is a
Princess, being under the care of an
old citizen by the name of Menachem,
but the story of her parentage is kept
from her.
The old peasant refuses to give his
consent to their marriage unless he
goes away for three months and at the
end of that time if he still loves the
girl he may claim her for his brid>-.
The Prince goea away, but the obsta
cle now comes in the way of his
mother who refuses to sanction th"
marriage, because Naomi, the girl, is of
plebeian birth. When the true story
of Naomi's birth is known the ob
jections are withdrawn and peace
reigns.
The characters are all well sustained,
but Mr. Levison, Mi\ie. Karp, iCisa
Rose and Mr. Abramovitch deserve
j special mention.
Next Wednesday evening "T'nsano
I Tokeff" will be put on and next Fri
day and* Sunday nights "Ezra, the
Wandering Jt-w."
CHARGED WITH VAGRANCY.
firrest of a Girl Who Warded
to Become a Football
Player.
Nora Sullivan, a 16-year-old girl, was
arrested last night by Officer Coleman
and charged with vagrancy. The girl
lives in Oakland, and she left her home
to join a female football team, which
is known as the "San Francisco
Browns." Last Thursday Mrs. Sullivan
espied her daughter kicking the pig
skin in a, lot near Golden Gate Park.
She attempted to get hold of her, when
the erring girl, unmindful of her un
conventional costume, ran down the
street and made her escape. ' '
Last night she 'was seen walking
along Mason street, and she was ar
rested. Her mother is determined to
have her sent to some public institu
tion.
Japanese Religious Services.
There was an overflowing attendance at
the services ,of the United Japanese
Church at 1329 Pine street last night. The
i services were wholly of a 'religious na
■ ture and were under thus direction of Rev.
J.-'Metani, president of the .association.
i In addition to many fervent speeches on
j the work of the church there were songs
!of a sacred nature. Altogether the meet
; ing was a success.
FAILED TO
END HIS LIFE
J. H. Glassman, "While De
spondent, Turned on
the Gas.
He Was Soon Discovered and
Locked Up at the City
Prison.
Friends Asked for His Release, but
Ball Was Not Ac
cepted.
J. A. Glassman. son of Jamb Glass
man, a well-known wholesale and re
tail cigar merchant, is booked at the
City Prison on a charge of drunken
and opposite his name Is marked
"no bail." Twice last evening he at
tempted to take his own life, being
despondent from excessive use of alco
holic stimulants.
According to the story told by the ar
resting officers. Snowball and Wilson,
as well as the proprietors of the places
In whirh Glassman attempted to end
his life, the unfortunate man has been
on a "spree" for five or six weeks past.
He had formerly been employed as a
solicitor by the Emporium renovatory.
109 Eddy street, but is at the present
time unable to procure employment.
I ming despondent he started
drinking heavily, and was soon on the
verge of delirium tremens. Last even-
Ing he walked into a lodging-house,
under the management of John M.
Evans, 116 Eddy street, and. opening a
door of a room on the top floor, he
turned on the gas jet and laid down on
the bed to die.
The odor of the escaping poison was
soon detected, and when the door of
the room was again opened Glassman
was on the bed, apparently in a deep
slumber. He was quickly carried out
of the room and in a few minutes or
dered from the house. He left and
walked up Eddy street and entered
room 10 of 120 A Eddy street in a lodg
ing-house run by Miss Crawford.
Evans notified th^ officers In the
neighborhood of the attempted sui
cide, and they followed the man into
the building, where it was discovered
that he had again turned on the gas as
before. He was carried into the street
and the patrol-wagon was called. Hav
inir recovered sufficiently from the ef
fects of the gas he had breathed he was
not taken to the hospital, but charged
at the City Prison.
On Friday last he applied for a room
In the Crawford lodging-house, and has
since been stopping there. It was no
ticed that he was drinking heavily, but
his friends were not of the Impression
that he was so despondent as to at
tempt to kill himself. Accordingly no
watch was kept on him, and the smell
of the escaping gan alone saved him
from certain death.
His case is a pitiful example of des
pondency and loss of hope induced by
ii'iuor upon a young man Who vrai
giftad with early opportunities not of
ten tnei with. He, in partnership with
J. Browsweiger. opened the business of
dyeing and cleaning, whioh Is now
known as the Emporium renovatory.
For a while the business prospered,
but Classman's partner tired of the un
dertaking and, after getting married,
left the State. Tho business was iol'l
to the pit-.-. -nt owners, and c;iassmt>n
prarted as a solicitor for lh>i linn. Con*
Btderable trust was placed in him by
his employers, but soon drink had the
111 1 it> t of him.
After losing his posttion h.? went from
bad to v.nr!<c, and nearly ended in ■
disgraceful death last evening. H;s
r la respected as a business man,
and the son had opportunities which he
failed J.o- t.ike advantage of. He has
many friends in this city, but of late he
hap rather drifted ;iv ay from them in
stead «>* asking for assistance where it
was the most liable to be procured He
will be detained in prison until h i hofl
).-.,. v« n d from the effects of fast liv
ing, and then it is probable that he will
be released at the request of. friends
and relatives^
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
Tke fie-
lialls ><3r S/tr/J „ " fc «
GOT EXPERIENCE
BUT NO GOLD
Return of Ex-Police Ser
geant Johns From
Peru.
He Says That Some Tales Tpld
About the Mines Are
Untrue.
Many People Have Been Lvired There
In the False Hope of Find
ing Gold.
Ex-Police Sergeant Josiah Johns, who
went to Peru at the head of a prospect
ing party and who was reported to
have died there, arrived here Friday
on the steamer City of Sydney. Hiß
expectation of acquiring a fortune in
the mines was not realized. He says
that some stories told of the richness of
the gold fields of Peru ai untrue and
he advises all those contemplating a
trip to that country to remain at
home.
"When I read the Eastern accounts
of the rich finds being made in Peru,"
said Johns yesterday, "I determined
to try my fortune. In company with E.
B. Hagans, J. H. Livermore, F. A. Bo
linger, John P. Stalford. R. Boone, Geo.
Glennie and J. C. Dawson I left here
on March 20th last. We went to Pan
ama on the City of Sydney and from
there on a sailing vessel to Mollendo.
From Mollendo we truveled by rail to
Arequipa and there our troubles com
menced. The railroad system of Peru
is entirely different from what we have
IB America. The trains only run In
the day time, and then at a snail-like
rate of speed. Our first stopping j
place was at Juliaco and there we had j
the good fortune of becoming ac
quainted with Patrick Hawley, an
American, who is a division superin- |
tendent of the line, lie offered us j
every assistance in reaching Tirapata, j
where the [nca Mining Company has
a large warehouse, we were com
pelled to remain at Tirapata sixteen
dayi before we could get mules and
Hamas to carry us and our provisions
over the mountains. During the time
«re were In Tirapata we occupied a
box car kindly furnished us by Haw
ley. The pack animals we secured aft
er considerable negotiating from J.
Zamora, a rich Peruvian, who lives
about seventeen miles from Tirapata.
When we reached the summit of the
mountain it was mowing heavily and
you can imagine how comfortable we
felt in a tent, at an altitude of 16,
600 feet. The following day we started
down the Atlantic side of the Cordil
lera mountains and after a rough
j tramp <>f over twenty miles we reached
! Limbani, where the Inca Mining Corn
has another storehouse. The In
: dians who accompanied us from Tira
pata refused to go any further with
our party and we were compelled to
look about for guides and pack
animals. We spent over two weeks in
j getting them and there our party sep
; arated. Stalford, Boone, Glennie and
| Dawson set out for the Sandia dis
! trict, while myself and the other three
: started for the mines. The other party
; met with poor luck in the Sandia dis
j tri<t and after prospecting for over a
' month without result started back for
j San Francisco. They arrived here sev
i eral months ago. bur party reached
the Inca Mining Company's property
about the middle of June and soon
found that we had toiled and labored
over almost impassuble mountains in
vain. I would not attempt to describe
the perils or hardships of the trip. We
were nicely treated by the people at
the mine and they assisted us in every
way. A small creek runs past the mine
! and we negotiated with the mine-own
! ers for the privilege of prospecting
i along the banks. Hagans and myself
formed a partnership and worked to
i gether. I secured a place in the quartz
: mill of the mine and in addition to
boarding myself was able to engage
four Indians to assiat Hagans with his
work on the creek banks. Hagans
found 'color,' but that was all. After
a month spent in prospecting he ar
rived at the conclusion that there was
nothing along the creek. We then fell
in with a Peruvian who said that he
know of a small river about forty miles
from the mine which was rich in gold.
Hagans went with him, while I re
mained at the quartz mill. Three
weeks later Hagans and the Peruvian
came back. They had failed to find
the river or the gold. Livermore be
came tired of life in Peru about that
time and started home. Hagans and
myself remained at the mine until No
vember and then concluded Aat we
NEW TO-DAY.
'TTTTT TTTTTTTTTTTrTT^TTTTTrTTTTTTTTTTTTTrTTTTTTTT_
fe From ciildhood to prandmotherhood— at *
- all stages of life— no other drink will give i
; you Buch buoyant 6plrlts, health k and -
: strength as ;
I GHIRARDELLI'S COCOA. \
Z. No nervous or stimulating effects. ■ .-
t . Always fresh and pure. :
t I A Maiple of Monarch Chocolate I ;
p ( with overy can ul Cocoa. ) -
DO YOU WANT
TO BUILD?
Call on the Fidelity, Empire. Me-
chanics' or California Mutual Build-
Ing and Loan Association for Loan*
ON VERY FAVORABLE TERMS
WILLIAM E. LUTZ, Secretary.
had all the experience we wanted. The
whole country has been prospected and
gone over hundreds of years ago and
I do not believe that there are undis
covered mines or claims there. On
every side you find places where some
one has been prospecting or mining."
Johns says that there is nothing in
either Peru or Bolivia for a poor man
who goes to either country expecting
to locate a mine and become a Monte
Cristo in a few years.
"The articles published In the East
as to the gold fields," said he, in
conclusion, '"have been the cause of
misleading many people. Hundreds of
others like myself have gone there full
of expectations only to return badly
disappointed. Provisions of all kinds
are high and then what you get is not
of the beet quality. It is no place for
a poor man. My advice to all who
contemplate going there in search of
gold is to keep away from the coun
try. I am talking from a rough expe
rience and I would not want to see my
worst enemy lured there in the hope
of finding a Klondike. The climate is
severe and It takes a particularly
strong man to stand it. All the mining
that Is going on is at points of high
altitude and a man whose lungs are
not ns strong as leather has no busi
ness there."
SANTA CLAUS ARRIVED.
Distribution of Presents Arrjong
trje Children of St. Ignatius
Sur)day-Scbool.
One hundred Sunday - school boys
were made glad yesterday afternoon by
the distribution of presents at the St.
Ignatius Sunday-Bchool festival. Toys,
candy, and In fact everything likely to
delight the little ones were divided
among them in great profusion.
The festival was held in the base
ment of the church, and for an infor
mal affair proved to be one of the most
successful entertainments of this char
acter ever held.
There was a mammoth Christmas
tree in the front of the hall, laden with
bonbons and every possible and im
NEW TO-DAY.
ifiVPFfftflf r^wSSi
Overstock
I Stocktaking uncovers a 1
I multitude of business blun-
I ders. It finds us with alto-
I gether too many Overcoats |
I on hand. 1
1 Overcoats for boys, I
I youths and men. I
% Must sell them; our I
I prices will do it. I
I MEN'S OVERCOATS that were $B.oo— now $5.0.0 I
M MEN'S : OVERCOATS that were $12.00— now $8.00 1
I MEN'S OVERCOATS that were $15.00— now $11.00 1
I BOYS' OVERCOATS that were $7.oo— now $4.00 I
1 BOYS OVERCOATS, that were $9.oo— now $5.00 H
I BOYS' OVERCOATS that were $10.00— now $6.00 1
I GRAY AND TAN OREGON CITY CASSIMERES ; GRAY, TAN AND BROWN I
I COVERT CLOTHS ; LIGHT AND DARK GRAY WORSTEDS. I
BROWN BROS. & CO. J
I Wholesale Manufacturers ' 121-123 SANSOME SL I
I Sellirjg at Retail. U\ m \LO OfIHOUMC 01. h
NEW AMUSEMENTS. NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
f£l£Oi.ANDtR GOTTIOB ac°itssu»&«A««n . «jk^^ff Tjftsjlft |fi 4 -ft
TO-NIGHT and for the next two weeks. %a3T »M^nK^^LflL\&\^^?%A
Every Evening. including Sunday. Mat. Sat. v»i7%9^W^ ,
. The Quaint Comedian. Mr. " W
T-'T-iIEiT -' T -iIEi OOI_iI_iIEIK., Week Commencing Monday, Jan. 10.
*■■£ T.?lV°r*m c ? y m?™l** ■•• From the FolfeB Ber^eres. Paris. PAULO &
IiTUC MAM CDnM MCYiPD J" iDIKA. eccentric vocalists. BARXEZ & RUS-
nt mAn rnUIYI SYItAIUU 1 SELU novelty sketch, artists LA PETITE
♦ i LUND, the Infant prodigy. PATRICE, sup-
ThD excellent company includes among others i ported by ALF HAMPTON and J. F. WHIT-
Louise Allen. Maclyn Arbuckle. Dan. Mason. | BECK. Farnum Bros., Kitty Mitchell. Ellnore
Violet Rand. etc. • Sisters. Rombello and Musical Dale. Fosl-
Orchestra and first three rows Dress tively last week of the BALLET SPECTACLE:
Circle. $1 50; remainder Dress Circle, Jl 00; R.^rvpii .onto ■":-. I'nlcnnv 100- „„
gga &xighJSgr&. tm : c£sr.a ig,"W£ tlcon '- ""• wr>
Ba&fcrnia&uaM ALCAZAR~ 1S . P S B^
»HIEDLANDEB GGTTloßaC»u*4UsanAiuttM TO-NIGHT.
— ■• ■ Frances Hodgson Burnett and I "ViUlam QU-
IT IS HE.F?E! . lette's American Drama,
NFI I IF hat McHFNRV " ESMERALDA !"
IMFI lIF MrHFNRV "ESMERALDA!"
iILLI-.IL lTlVllL.niV I BEAUTIFUL SCENERY AND EFFECTS.
Besrins her encasement TO-NIGHT. Next week, "FORBIDDEN FRUIT." -a.;.
Presenting for the first time in this city her Seats by Phone Main 254.
Latest Success, - —
"A NIGHT IN NEW YORK" matinee Saturday only.
The comedy ideal by H. Grattan Donnelly.
Catchy Music-Beautiful Costumes. MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Next Fr«dnv° An d er o n-VILLA I "' WHITNEY i Walter Morosco......Sole_Les3ee and Manner.
WHITE in German Song Recital. Magnificent Production of Byron's Great Com-
Next Monday— 'COURTED INTO COURT." . edy Drama,
— — : „„-, ~ THE FI-iXJITO-EJK,
TTVOT T OPFPA-HOIISF ' ! To be Presented with the Strongest Cast and
I 1 VVJI-rl \JirCX\i^ rxKJKJiJi-,. ■ the Best Scenlc Effects eves wlt-
MBB. Ernestine K» Ei.ixo. Proprietor A Manager j ( Grea n t cs < nk la R t o h b§erv y Scene. . •
• THIS EVSKriUSTQ-. great railroad^scene^with . LOCO-
A SECOND EDITIONS- — Matinees Saturday and Sunday. "
Of pur Holiday Spectacle.. Evening Prices. 10. 25. 50c.
" MOTHER GOOSE !"■ racing! racing! racing
S-GRAXD BALLETS-3 PAL IPORNIA~JOCKEY CLUB—
Lots of New Son . Dances and Specifies. MONDAY,
NEXT OPERA January 10 to January 22, Inclusive.
"•DDTA-KT "Pni? TT I" OAKLAND RACETRACK.
ARomTnUc Irish uOpSiT " EACINQ MONDAY, f ÜBSDAY. WEDNEBDAY.
Pnnlllflr A Kom»ntic msn "P«^ and 50- THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
Popular Prices .....zsc apa 50c pjVE OR MQRI3 racfs •> jh DAy .
rUIAITITA ■ i^ 118 BTART AT 2:15 P - M - BHABP ■
VfllvUi 1 /V Ferry Boats leave San Francisco at 12 M.
and 12:30, 1:00. 1:30, 2:00, 2:30 and 3 P. M.'.
Delighted 16,000 PERSONS connecting with trains stopping at the entrance
At the CHUTES Yesterday. . to track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell
• . . . Mound.
Dally Receptions Returning— Trains leave the Track at *:13
Afternoon and Evening. *° c 1 e 4:43 p - M • and immediately after the last
RAIN OR SHINE. THOMAS H. "WILLIAMS JR.. President. "
R. B. MILROY. Secretary-
lOc to all, including Vaudeville. ■ "
; '-' . Children sc. ■
OR PROM O'FARRELL STREET. &Co.^?^^
tS t. li IN Near Stockton. g^ '^%mum«MmitMm\ ■"■■*^ C 'Vj\
Grand Concert Every Evening by fjf nDATFMTC 1
CARL MARTENS W\ '■-J^i^ m f mn^ m li i \vn\imi\£Qtf&Jß .
COSMOPOLITAN ORCHESTRA. MARKET ST. S.F.^BB^
aerlnable adornment which Is usually
placed on a tree to delight the eye of
Old Santa Claus and incidentally put
him in a jolly and liberal mood.
The entertainment was given under
the auspices and mainly through the
efforts of Miss F. Harvey and other
prominent members of the Francesca
Society.
Next Sunday morning Thomas
O'Connell, the young man who will be
ordained Friday In the Catholic priest
hood, will say mass for the first time
at the Paullst Church on California
street The Rev. Father Yorke will de
liver the sermon at high mass, taking
as his text the appropriate subject of
"The Young Catholic Priesthood."
The services at the forty hours' ado
ration was begun at St. Mary's Hospi
tal yesterday afternoon.
There will be a business meeting of
the St. Charles branch of the League
of the Cross at 8 o'clock to-nigfit. Many
Important matters will be discussed at
the meeting.
An entertainment will be given in
Native Sons' Hall Wednesday evening
under the auspices of the ladles of St.
Brepdan's parish.
Next Friday evening an »ssay con
test of members of the old St. Mary's
branch of the League of the Cross will
be held in the basement of the church
on California and Dupont streets.
Alcatraz Parlor's Officers.
The following named are the officers
that have been chosen to control the af
fairs of Alcatraz Parlor for the ensuing
term: A. K. Daggett, past president; C.
F. Fitzsimmons, president; 11. Lichten
stein. T. J. Barry and Max Llehtenstein.
vire-presdents; F. W. Sink, recording
secretary: Will Horabin, financial secre
tary; G. Moulin, treasurer; Brace Cama
mettl, marshal; S. B. Priest, inside sen
tinel: H. O. Van der Lieth. outside sen
tinel: S. G. Harris, H. T. Ansbro and Joe
Repensberger, trustees. These officers
were installed at the last held meeting
of the parlor.
Robbed a Car.
"William Mullen, a young man, was ar
rested last night by Detectives Bee and
Harper and was charged with burglary.
He is accused of being one of the men
who broke into a freight car at Port
Costa about a week ngo and stole over
200 pairs of trousers, wnlch were disposed
of In a pawn shop on Montgomery street.
56
FAILED TO
RETURN TO
HER HOME
Middle-Aged Woman
Mysteriously Dis
appears.
Went to Visit Her Sister's
Grave m Calvary
Cemetery.
Mrs. Prunty, 19 Sumner Street
Requests the Police to Find
Her Daughter.
SHE MAY BE DERANGED.
Her Pooket Handkerchief Found
on Her Relative's Tomb
stone.
"With tears streaming down her
cheeks an old woman named Mrs.
Prunty, Jiving at 19 Sumner street, vis
ited police headquarters last night and
invoked the aid of Chief Lees in finding
her daughter Katie.
The latter is 34 years of age. She
left her home yesterday morning to
visit the grave of her sister in Calvary
cemetery, after promising to return at
noon. As she had not returned up to 8
o'clock last night her mother became
alarmed and notified the police. She
fears that some accident had befallen
her daughter.
Several months ago a younger sister
of the missing woman was knocked
down by a Mission street car and al
most instantly killed. Her tragic death
preyed upon her sister to such an ex
tent that it was feared that she would
lose her mind.
After the unfortunate woman's re
mains were buried Katie almost daily
visited her grave, and remained for
several hours at a time. On returning
home it was noticed that her eyes were
red and swollen from weeping. She be
came sullen and morose and scarcely
spoke to her mother. Before going to
the cemetery yesterday the unfortunate
woman remarked to a friend that life
had no charms for her and that she in
tended to do away with herself.
. Mrs. Prunty is inclined to believe
that her daughter has either met with
.an accident or has committed suicide.
"Since her sister was killed," she
tearfully remarked, "she has not been
the same woman. Every morning she
would visit her grave and remain for
Beveral hours. I feared that her mind
was becoming unbalanced, and for
bade her to continue her visits to the
cemetery. Despite my opposition she
daily went to. her sister's grave and
placed a bunch of flowers on it. She
would kneel at the foot of the grave
and pray until she became exhausted.
Before leaving home yesterday morn
ing she bought a bouquet of flowers
and started for the cemetery. I en
deavored to dissuade her from going,
but she would not listen to me. I am
convinced that something has hap
pened hpr."
Last night a police officer was sent
to the cemetery in the hope that he
might find the woman. He visited the
grave of her sister, but with the ex
ception of a pocket handkerchief,
which she had dropped, he failed to
get a trace of her.
BEATING THE
SLOT MACHINES
Clever Work of a Gang of
Eastern Crooks Now in
This City.
Cigar and Saloon Men Are Heavy-
Losers— A Wire Does the
Business.
A new scheme to beat the nlckel-in
the-lot machines, that has brought woe
and financial loss to a large number of
saloon men and cigar-dealers, has been
called to the attention of the police.
The bunko men who have worked it
successfully are three in number, and
their method is systematic.
One of them visits a cigar-store and
plays the machine.
Willie he is dropping the nickels the
others come along and begin shaking
dice at the other end of the counter
from the machine, keeping the pro
prietor or attendant's attention there
as much as possible. The man at the
machine has a wire, with one end
twisted into a hook, up his sleeve, and
when a portion of a royal flush shows
up quickly and deftly works the wire
Into the slot, turns the reel on which
the cards are fastened and suddenly
calls a royal flush.
It is there sure enough, and the card
over the machine indicates that the
proprietor is out 100 cigars. Some pay
even 150 cigars, and "bit" cigars at
thaft.
It is customary when a customer gets
a "royal" to offer him $5 to $7 50 for his
winning, and the schemers who work
the wire. trick generally manage to
negotiate their cigars for at least $5.
In saloons they do not get so much,
but it has been ascertained that the
three men average from $30 to $40 per
day. Oakland and Alameda have been
worked by the trio, and a large number
of cigar and saloon men were losers.
A well-known cigar man on Market
street caught the wire-worker at his
tricks a few days ago and sent for a
policeman, but the trio decamped be
fore the officer arrived. Two of the
bunko men are smooth shaven and
about 5 feet 8 inches in height, while
the third, the man who manipulates the
wire, is shorter, and wears a dark,
closely cropped beard.- All are well
dressed and are evidently adepts at
crooked work.
The police believe them to be a gang
of Eastern crooks who are making a
tour of the coast.
ME SPOKE FOR CHRIST.
Elder Andross Addresses Many
Young Worsen on Religion.
Elder E. E. Andross had charge of a
special meeting at the Y. W. C. A. yes
terday afternoon. The beautiful apart
ment* at 1268 O'Farrall street w«re
comfortably filled with those who de
sired to hear the word expounded by
the elder.
The talk was somewhat informal, n»»
ing a pleasant address on the life and
services of Jesus Christ. The speaker
held that the coming of the lowly Naz
arene meant much to the world; that
it was the beginning of a richer and
higher civilization as well as of moral
training and religious life such as the
world had n^/er seen and can novor
see again. In conclusion, the speaker
urged all present to make the life of
Christ their study and guide.
BANQUET FOR
ROBERT DICKSON.
Underwriters Will Enter
tain in His Honor at the
Palace Hotel.
Robert Dickson, the well-known in
surance man, who leaves shortly for
New York, will be the guest of honor
at a banquet to be tendered him by the
underwriters on Wednesday evening
at the Palace Hotel. On Tuesday even
ing Colin M. Boyd will give a dinner
complimentary to Mr. Dickson in the
private dining-room at the Cosmos
Club.
On Saturday evening, January 1, the
residence of Mr. and Mrs. T. O'Neill,
2215 Devisadero street, was the scene of
a very brilliant affair, on which occas
ion a party was tendered to their little
daughter. Miss Hattie O'Neill. .
The young folks assembled were the
many friends of the young lady, who
were confirmed with her on the Sunday
previous at St. Dominic's Church.
The house and parlors were tastefully
decorated with ferns, smilax and ever
greens.
The Genial "Whist Club Is making
elaborate preparations for its ladies'
high Jinks to be held on the 16th inst.,
at their club house, corner Van Ness
avenue and Bush street. I
KRAFT AGAIN
A PROFESSIONAL
The Crack Cycler and Several
Others No Longer
Amateurs.
Opening of the. Wheelmen's Baseball
Tournament — McFarland
Returns.
The Board of Governors of the Cali
fornia Associated Cycling Clubs met in
Alameda Saturday night and decided
to rescind its action taken at a former
meeting restoring Charles A. Kraft to
the amateur ranks, and again declared
him a professional. The applications of
!C. J. Birdsall. A. Theisen and J. S.
i Brereton to be reinstated as amateurs
' was also refused. The good roade
i proposition was also discussed at
! length, and it was decided to give more
j attention to this branch of the associa
tion's work in future.
The Cycle Board of Trade held Its
annual banquet Saturday night at a
I downtown restaurant. James M. Ham
| ilton presided, and the jolly gathering
lasted until a late hoar.
Those present at the banquet were:
C. T. Forden, president; James H.
Hamilton, secretary; P. H. Bernays,
W. J. Kenny, Wakefleld Baker, Judge
Fred Brand, E. D. Roach, A. C. Nich
olas, E. A. Hunt, Mr. Turkels>»n. C.
W. Bailey, F. McLaugblin, C. M. Chris
toffer, Joseph Holle, Robert Malcolm,
Edwin Mohrig, Mr. Benton, E. Marwe
del, Mr. Wilber, Charles Watts and
Frank S. Jacott.
Floyd A. McFarland, the San Jose
professional racer, who has been on the
! Eastern paths the past year, has re
turned for the winter. He made con
i siderable money, but thinks the game
will not be so profitable hereafter, as
' the manufacturers no longer support
: teams or pay fat salaries and a man's
expenses. Middle-distance racing is
j more in demand, and the sprinters will
have to accustom themselves to this
! style of riding. McFarland will go to
his San Jose home to-day.
The Cycle Baseball League tourna
ment opened yesterday. The Acme
Club defeated the Californias at the
Velodrome by a score of 9 to 8. Bat
teries: Acme — Hanifin and Rupert;
Californias— Theisen and Cunha.
At the Sixteenth and Folsom streets
grounds the Bay City Wheelmen
played the Olympic Cyclers, winning
by 13 to 7. Joe Corbett, the Baltimore's
star twirler, played third base for the
Olympics. Batteries: Bay City— Me-
Gilvray and T. Hall; Olympic— Head
and Follansbee.
A great deal of interest was mani
fested in both games, and large crowds
attended. The game at the Sixteenth
street grounds was called at 12 o'clock,
and as soon as it was over the cyclers
! mounted their wheels and sped away
for the Velodrome game, which began
at 2 o'clock. The umpiring at the lat
! ter game was very unsatisfactory, and
j the Californias claim they lost by bad
i decisions.
The Imperials were scheduled to
! play the Garden City Wheelmen at San
■ Jose but did not go down, and the
game was given to the Sao Jose club
by default; score, 9 to 0.
CHIQUITO A DRAWING-CARD.
Thousands Visit the Huroan Atom.
Small Crowds Gather at the
Park, and Cliff:
Chiquita, said to be the smallest liv
ing adult, was visited by several thou
sand people at the Chutes yesterday.
The park and Cliff House were prac
tically deserted, perhaps owing to the
lowering clouds and the breath of win
ter that chilled to the very marrow. In
consequence wherever a roof and shel
tering walls could be found to protect
those in search of diversion after a
week of toll the crowds congregated.
Over seven thousand people visited the
Chutes during the day. and as two
performances were given by "The little
one" in the pavilion a majority of the
visitors witnessed her performance.
Chiquita is a very atom of human
flesh. She has a chubby face and fig
ure, which, accompanied by a person
ality as cute as her stature, made her
many friends. During the performance
she rendered several songs, some in
Spanish and others in English. Her
voice is in perfect keeping with her
size, and called forth time and again
the applause of the audience.
The programme at the park was an
unusually good one, but the chill In
the air marred the enjoyment of the
lovers of harmony who gathered to
gether near the music-stand. No acci
dents occurred to worry the police and
hospital surgeons and they were con
tented.
A majority of the people who went
to the Cliff House enjoyed the dance in
the Ocean Beach Pavilion. Walking
on the beach was rendered very un
comfortable by the wind and spray
that leaped from the crests of the
breakers, and owing to this the pleas
ure-seekers returned to their homes
much earlier than usual.
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1898.
THE SHOT THAT
HIT GARDINER
Speculation as to "Which
of the Two Men
Fired It
Circumstances Show That Stroh
Could Hardly Have
Done It.
Questions Raiser! by the Finding of
the Bullet in Gardiner's
Spine.
The finding of the bullet fired Into
the body of Gardiner on the night of
December 24 has led to the conclusion
that perhaps the leaden pellet came
from a friendly revolver instead of
from that of the midnight marauder.
Dr. Jones, by whose efforts the bul
let was located, declares that it enter
ed Gardiner's right shoulder from an
angle of 30 degrees. This is the start
ing point in the search for where It
came frona.
When he was shot Gardiner was
standing in the doorway of the rear
room erf his residence, at 1135 Geary
street, on the south side. The door in
which he was standing faces to the
cast and opens out on a little porch
scarcely five feet square, which is at
the top of the back stairway leading
from the back yard, three stories be
low. Directly across the little porch
from the dour spring two posts to the
roof, one on each side of the center
line of the doorway, and climbing up
the one which was at Gardiner's l^ft
hand as he looked out. was Stroh, the
pursued burglar. Four feet beyond
the posts is the side of the adjoining
house east of the Gardiner residence,
and perhaps ten feet farther to the
rear of the building is a brick chim
ney about three feet high.
When Gardiner looked out he had
the screen door opening on the porch
not quite half way open. The burglar
was almost directly In front of him and
on the roof of the adjoining house, and
nearly as far to the rear as th<: brick
chimney was Murphy, the patrol driv
er, booking for Stroh. There was a
flash and a report, and Gardiner fell
backwards into the room with a bullet
in his right shoulder. Almost in the
center of the door and at a height of
five feet four inches from the floor, a
hole in the screen marks where the bul
let went through. The wires are cut
clean at the top of the hole and are
crushed at the bottom, leading t» the
certainty that the bullet came from
above. They are also turned to
the left on the left side of
the hole looking outward, showing that
tfte bullet came from a point at Gardi
ner's right. As he held the latch Gard
iner"s shoulder was below and to the
left of the hole.
Stroh, as he came down the post,
was facing toward Geary street, or to
the north, and to use his right hand to
fire a shot he would have had to reach
around the pole. Had he done so he
could not have fired in such a manner
as to bend the wires of the door to the
right.
Both the burglar and the patrol driv
er were at about the same angle from
the bullet hole, for while at different
distances they were at different heights
and so were about in the same plane.
Detective Dillon and Murphy were on
the roof of the house adjoining Gardi
ner's when Dillon heard some one cry
ing, "Here he Is." Dillon immediate
ly started down the ladder at the rear
of the house he was on, and Murphy
sprang to the sid* of the house and
looked over on to the little porch out
side of Gardiner's back door. He flash
ed the light from his wagon Lamp dawn
Into the space between the buildings
and spied the man he was after trying
to climb the post to get on the roof.
He Bays he fired over his head to scare
him, and the man- dropped to the little
porek
Mv phy heard no shot but his own;
Dillon heard but one shot; Gardiner
heard but one shot, and his wife, who
stood right behind him as he fell, heard
only one shot. Murphy says he fired
over Stroll's head, but he does not
know in which direction his pistol was
pointed, and a careful examination of
the houses in any of the directions in
which he could have shot failed to
find any other bullet rrtark besides the
one in the screen door. Then, too,
there are no powder marks on the ten
nis-flannel night gown which Gardi
ner wqje, a circumstance to be expect
ed when a revolver is as close as six
feet. Murphy was fourteen feet away.
Stroh had no pistol on him when he
was caught. It was said he could have
thrown it down into the sand in the
yard in the rear of Gardiner's house
and one of his partners could have tak
en it away, but no one was seen in the
yard, and It would have been hard to
find the pistol without the aid of a
light.
The bullet extracted from Gardiner's
body was fired from a .38 caliber re
volver and from a "short" cartridge.
The revolver carried by Murphy was
loaned to him by Detective Dillon just
before he went on the roof. It was a
.38 caliber Smith & Wesson, and uses
a "short" cartridge.
Gardiner himself sent for Captain
Lees a few days ago, and told him he
thought the bullet had not been fired
by Stroh. He said he did not have any
sympathy for Stroh. but he dfd not
want to be the means of making his
punishment unjustly hard; In conse
quence he altered that part of his
statement which accused Stroh of
shooting him, but he blamed no one
else.
HEBREW HOME FOR POOR.
The Annual Meeting He'd at Which
the Old Officers Were
Re-Elected.
The annual meeting of the Hebrew
Home for Aged Disabled was held at
the society's building: at 607 Lombard
street yesterday afternoon. There was
a good attendance of the patrons of
the society. President S. Polack, in
rendering an account of the society's
work for the past year, read an item
iaed list of what had been received and
distributed by the officers having
charge. In consequence of the age and
inflrmness of the matron, Mrs. Flora
I Israel, she was permitted to resign and
' Mr. and Mrs. Abraham Scott were
placed in charge as superintendent and
matron respectively. The thanks of the
society were tendered to Dr. E.M.Weiss
for the attention given the inmates
during the last year. Also to^he Eur
eka Benevolent Society for favors and
financial aid rendered to the society.
The sym of $800 was given the home
from the estate of the following de
Pozzoni's Complexion I
Powder produces a soft and beautiful skin-. I
it combines every element of beauty and '
purity. |
ceased persons: Mrs. Gussle Green
baum. $2F.0; Mrs. H. Anspacher Myers,
$250; Philip Barth. $100; Charles Simon.
$100; Mrs. Rebecca Radstone, $100.
Secretary Mrs. M. Kaskell In her re
port gave an accounting of every dol- i
lar and dollar's worth of goods received
during the year. There was $3,905 26
received and $3,052 07 expended, leaving
a balance of $717 26 in the hands of the
treasurer. A vote of thanks with a
blessing from on High was tendered to
AH who aided the society in its work of.
charity.
The following officers were elected for
the ensuing year: S. Polack, Phil
Fabian, Mrs. M. Kaskell, H. Louis. I.
D. Martin, Phil Bernstein, Peter Abra
hamson and Miss A. Levy. This board
re-elected S. Polack, president: Mrs.
Ml. Haskell, secretary, and Phil Fabian,
treasurer.
WARDEN MOGAN`S REPORT.
Vigilance Y\as Made Deer and Pro-
hibited pi S h Scarce in
This Market.
Fish and Game Warden Joseph Mo
gan is preparing an exhaustive report
to the Board of Supervisors regarding
his work during the last three months.
Within that period he has visited the
fish and poultry markets during the
daylight as well as the night hours and
has at all times found the stalls free
from contraband fish and meats.
"Warden Mogan's efforts were direct
ed particularly toward venison, reports
having reached him that deer were be
rng killed in northern cities out of sea*
son and shipped to San Francisco.
During the past few we-'ks he has vis
ited a number of Chinese fish camps
to ascertain whether the laws regard
ing nets were being disregarded.
Mr. Mogan does not expect to be able
to make any arrests for violations of
the gar%e laws until after March 1,
when the close season for the majority
of game birds begins.
IN HANDBALL COURTS.
A Crispy Day Affords the Lovers of
Outdoor Exercise a Warming
Show.
A crispy atmosphere, with a well-equip
ped court, afforded the lovers of hand
hull a rare opportunity t>- ••throw them
s" yesterday, and as a result both
courts were well patronized during the
enure day.
(Jieat preparations are being made to
receive the coming champi''-' I*.1 *. Casey and
Dunn, next March. John Condon of the
Occidental court has received a letter
from Casey from Brooklyn. N. V., stating
that himself and Dunn will visit this city
next Mapch. . . .
At the San Francisco court, kept by
Phil RyAn, the games were well con
•1 between the local champions,
Nealoa and Toy against Reardon and
White, the former winning after a hard
struggle. , ,
The result of the games played In this
court were": . -
L. Waterman and M. Basch defeated J. !
R. Buckman and D. J. Sheehan. Score:
21—13, 15—21. 21—19. i
M. Magutre and T. Foley defeated R.
Ilousman and E. Barry. Score: 21—12.
14—21, 21—17.
J. P. Kelly and J. Brown defeated A.
A. Tobin and W. Hamilton. Score: 21—20. ,
13—21, 21—19. - •
M. Easch and W. Hamilton defeated P.
Ryan and M. Joyce, Bcore: 21—14, 15—21, i
21—13.
P. »Matsen and J. Bacher defeated P. :
Hansen and F. Knobloch. Score: 21—12, |
14—21, 21 IS.
S. Matise and J. Matiee defeated F.
Mack and W. Sullivan. Score:. 21—14,
15—21, 21—19.
R. Murphy and E. Curley defeated J.
Collins and Wi Hamilton. Score: 21—12,
14—21, 21—20.
J. C. Nealon and E. Toy defeated J. i
Rlordan and J. White. Score: 21—13, I
16—21. 21-18.
At John Condon's Occidental court, 120
Grove street, the incentive to play was
so great that after a ball which was held
during the earlier part of the night was
over the court whs 1 resorted' to for a j
warming up, which was kept going dur
ing the entire day, with the following re
sults:
J. O'Brien defeated O. Hill. Score:
21—14, IS— 2l. 21—12.
B. Clements defeated A, Mclnerney. j
Score: 21-16, IS— 2l. 21—10.
A. Mclnerney and A. Collins defeated
W. Hassell and B. Clements. Score:
21—13, 16—21, 21—18.
A. McVlcker and T. Lydon defeated G.
Ebner and J. Shaw. Score: 21—18, 12—21.
21—19.
M. Mullany and H. Moffltt defeated R.
Shields and J. - Moffltt. Score: 21—16.
! 19—21. 21—17.
T. Cashin and C. Bradley defeated P.
Kelly and J. Condon. Score: 21—16, 13—21.
21-15.
P. Hutchlnson and J. Pendergast de
feated J. O'Donnell and P. Kelly. Score:
14—21. 21—16.
A. Pennoyer and J. Wren defeated O.
Hutchinson and W Kelly. Score: 21—17.
19— 21, 21— 10.
ML Dillon and A. Pennoyer defeated T.
Cashin and J. Wren. Score: 21—14. 19—21.
21—16.
The event of the day was when Profes
sor Barrett and J. Condon (veterans of
the coast) defeated J. O'Leary (the "iron
man of \ allejo") and "Cyclone" Hayden
ithc "Wizard of Portland ). after an ex
citing contest, for $50 a side. Score:
21—16, IS— 2l. 21—17; 21—14. 19—21, 21—20.
MANHOOD RULES.
So Says the Rev. J. A. B. Wilson of
the Howard Methodist Epis
copal Church/
"The Force that Moves the World"
was the subject that the Rev. J. A. B.
Wilson chose as the most appropriate
for his lecture at the Y. M. C. A. Audi
torium yesterday afternoon.
The speaker advanced a long and ex
haustive argument on the subject. He
maintained that properly, and .not sci
entifically speaking, the force of man
hood and not the force of mag
netism and electricity moves the world.
He traced the effect that young man
hood had upon the destiny of the Civil
War — spoke of its generals as being
young men ranging from the ages of 18
o 42. and ho upheld this fact as a po
NEW TO-DAY.
Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Bomb
jfr _ ffl ML A
FOE BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
snch as Wind and Pain In tho Stomach.
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECIIAM'S PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly ; remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure sick Headache. Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OK CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
- - And {tare the '
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In Hie World.
25c. at all Drug Stores.
WEAK MEN r Ptfn ft cIJRED FREE
THE PHYSICIANS' INSTITUTE,
M 1967 Masonic Temsle. Chicotro. IIL
• V - » - : .
tent argument In elucidating his sub
ject.
He also considered the question of
how to train the young manhood of to
day so that it can b«i equal to the fight
before It and to show young men the
way of overcoming every difficulty
that besets their paths in life. The
audience was large and unusually en
thusiastic, owing to the nature of the
address.
FINDING OF THE MESSIAH
Rev. Father M- Wyman Talks 015
the Subject at St. Mary's
Church.
The Reverend H. Wyman, pastor of
St. Mary's Church, delivered an elo
quent sermon last evening on the sub
ject of "The Finding of the Messiah."
"It Is a significant fact," said the
preacher, "that the first and rep
resentative men among the Gentiles,
who were called by the visible sign of
a miraculous star, ana an inspiration
of the holy ghost to the worship of the
true God. are called 'wise men.' "
With this as his initial chapter in the
unraveling of the subject of the ad
vent of the Messiah, Father Wyman
proceeded to explain the miracle of the
star of Bethlehem and the consequent
inspiration to the Wise men of the
East, their stubborn faith in the new
born Christ and their abhorrence of
the wicked ruler and chtef men of Je
rusalem.
He concluded with the remark that
those who find the Messiah to-day In
stead of being scandalized by His pov
erty and self-denial, are led by His ex
ample more fervently to follow him.
Two electricians at Gratz, Austria,
claim to have Invented an arrangement
by which a newspaper can be printed
by telegraph In any number of places
at the same time.
NEW TO-DAY.
ft i V Let WHISKY get the BEST
11 HoH of y° v - GETthe BEST of
UUII I WHISKY, which is the
iSHjla^ . Genuine Distillery
» fH Bottling of
%M OLD PEPPER
f^fci WHISKY.
V&I^B^W J^ Bottled and Distilled
Vj^^^H^^^^L only by pepper
flg JAS. E. PEPPER
fl^^W Lexington, 'i(|. f
W^m Under the same FOR-
! - n»^»** r^«w. a MULA for more than
f^VSSSBBT 2ti 1 00 YEARS !•* guaran-
teed ABSOLUTELY the
:V |^H[v' PUREST and BEST in
fkrW:^^ Sample Case $15.
222E2«iii Sent on trial, which,
if . not satisfactory, can
be returned and money will be refunded.
CARROLL&CARROLL,
306 MARKET ST.,
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE PACIFIC COAST.
Will Cash Pepper Coupons.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
731 Market Street.
LOST MANHOOD RESTORED
If you have a weakness that Is robbing: you
of health, strength, happiness, pleasure, man-
hood, consult the physicians of Dr. Meyers &
Co.'s Institute. They can restore your lost
strength and vitality - and stop those fearful
drains. They will make a perfect man of you.
The restoration win be not only perfect and
speedy, but permanent as well.'
NOT A DOLLAR NEED BE PAID UNTIL
CURE IS EFFECTED.
Dr. Meyers & Co. have such faith In their
I methods and remedies that they do not ask
i for a dollar until the patient is cured or re-
stored, as the case may be.
Consultation and Advice Free.— lt is well
worth your time to see or write the doctors,
i whether you want to take the treatment or
not. A friendly ■ talk or a confidential letter
I will result In great good in any event. Pri-
vate book for men sent sealed to any address,
free.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
Specialists for All Weakness and Diseases
of Men for the English and German
Expert Specialists.
731 MARKET STREET.
Hours: 8 to 6; evenings, 7 to 8; Sundays, 9
to 11. Phone, Green 601. «_ ,
CLOSE ONE EYf and OTHER'
IF YOU CANNOT SEE EQUALLY WELL BOTH NEAR
. AND FAR CALL AND SEE US. •
OPTICIANS photo gP 1 H su^lies
& Scientific Instruments s j/ -
- t/jr 642 Market St. */}~
UNot«CH>iomci.t BUILDING^
iff ■ a V&"~Sy 3 'Q l/ -.fc*3s«sy?TT3i
a. ' . ' fl 14 H T BiffllH gy?¥?»7^l a
1 A I'llii H b^y^wlw
I when " unwell," for pains, obstructions, -
I and irregularities peculiar to the sex. j
Recommended by the leading French • I
Specialists for diseases cf women : Supe- I
rior to Tansy, Pennyroyal and injurious I
drugs. One "bottle of Apioline Capsules I
lasts three month*. Sold t>y all drupsrists, I
or by mail, $i. Box 2081, Xl Y. Post Office. ■ {
J. VUlt DR. JORDAN'S Great j
.eg&B Museum of Anatomy
j pgnaV 1051 miEC ST. bet. £tt 7th* S. T. CftL
ft 3 M Th« Liriotofltakindin the World.
ISSk 1 DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
»UII Al. Cnn«uli«;l«n free. Vrlt« for B«»k
v\\ ' I of Marriage.
« MAILCB mil.
NEW TO-DAY. . .
I DRY GOODS COMPANY.
JANUARY REDUCTION SALE.
I LADIES'
I UNDERWEAR!
& We make this special unprecedented offer to quickly dispose of
■ a limited number of odd pieces and broken lines in our Lingerie
H Department and to introduce the customer to- new and needful
I merchandise at very much less than our regular prices.
1 FINE FRENCH LAWN EMBROIDERED APRONS, changed from 75c to- 200
1 CAMBRIC AND EMBROIDERED NAINSOOK AND LACE CORSET COVERS,
V changed from $1.25 and $1.50 t0... ..• 50c
a LACE AND EMBROIDERED LADIES' CHEMISE, changed from $1.00 to-.?.... 50c v
"I LADIES' LACE AND EMBROIDERED FINE CHEMISE, changed from $1.25 to 75c
I LACE AND EMBROIDERED FINE CAMBRIC CHEMISE, changed from $1.50 i
B and $1.75 to $1.00
I LADIES' EMBROIDERED AND LACE MUSLIN DRAWERS, changed from $1 to sOc
H EMBROIDERED CAMBRIC AND MUSLIN DRAWERS, changed from $1.25 to Tsc
I LADIES' FINE EMBROIDERED AND LACE DRAWERS, changed from $1.75 t0..51.00
1 FINE WHITE MUSLIN LACE AND EMBROIDERED NIGHT GOWNS, changed
1 from $2.50 to . $1.00
I LADIES' CAMBRIC EMBROIDERED AND LACE NIGHT GOWNS, changed
from $3.00 to — • $1.50
I CAMBRIC AND NAINSOOK LACE AND EMBROIDERED NIGHT GOWNS, . ;
;| changed from $3.50 to $2.00
| LADIES' WHITE EMBROIDERED AND LACE SKIRTS.
I A broken line in Muslin and Cambric, greatly cut down in price
to force out. ". ; .
LADIES' SILK SKIRTS, plain and fancy, odd line, changed from $10.50 t0..57.50
LADIES' SILK WAISTS, good styles, plain and plaids, changed from $8 t0..56.50
A CHOICE LOT OF LADIES' SILK WAISTS, changed from $9 to $7.00
Reduced garments will be arranged separate from the regular stock.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.,
UNION SQUARE.
! Prompt attention paid to city and country* orders. Tel. No. 1358
Prompt attention paid to city and country orders. Tel. No. 1358
. — ; — — — — — — — —- — : ■
Coke! Coke! Coke!
p. a. McDonald
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Wholesale dealer and shipper of the best
brands of -.-.'...:
'foundry AND FURNACE COKE.
I have on hand a lance quantity of San
Francisco Coke, superior to anthracite for
furnace or cannel for grate use. This coke Is
made from the best Wall send coal, and can
recommend It to consumers as an Al article.
Will Deliver Any Amount From a Sack to a SMplotd. j
CARLOAD ORDERS SOLICITED.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to the sexual organs.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO. ,
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEIj.
WEEK DATS— 7:BO, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 1J:B,
8:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m.
SUN DAYS- 9:30, 11:00 a. m. : 1:30. 1:30
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SA-* FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 ia. m.:
. 12:45. 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra tripe
at 1:66 p. m. and 6:36 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 8:40.
6:00, 6:85 p. m. • •• ■>-,
Between San Francisco and Schuetsen Park
same schedule as above. -
Leave T _ _<fA(»t Arrive
San Francisco. Oci?24, San FranclBoa
Week I Sun- ,,/Stinii Sun ' IWe
Days. I days. Destination ; days. I days.
7:80 a.m. S :ooa.m.) Novato, 10:40 a.m. 1 8:40 a.m.
B:iiop.m. 9:30 a.m. Petaluma, 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
6:10 p.m. 5 :UUp.m. Santa Rosa. 7 :Ssp.m.| 6:22 p.m.
Fulton,
7:30 a.m. Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
Healdaburg,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
B:Sop.m. 8:00 a.m. Cloverdale. j 7:35 p.m. 1 8:22 p.m.
j ; 1 Hopland and I
7 :30a.m. 1 8 :00 a.m. I Uklah. { 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7-.Soa.rn. ~~1 10:25 a.m.
S :00a.m. Gnernevlllft. 7:85 p.m.
3:30 p.m. l_ 6:22 p.m.
7 ;30a.ni.'S :00a.m. Sonoma :40a.m. 8:40 a.m.
and * ;
6:10 p.m. 6:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7 :30 a.m. |B:ooa.m.j sebastonoL |W:4oa.m.]lU:2sa.m.
»:30p.m. 6:00p.m.l 8 " 0 " 01 - | 7:85p.m. :7:22p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hopland for
Highland Springs. Kelseyville, Soda • Bay.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for
Vichy Si i Ings, Saratoga fcp:ln?<s. Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell I-ake. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, • Riverside, Llerley"s Buck-
Valley. John Day/s, Riverside, L.lerley"s. Buck-
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Boonevllle,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort
Bragg, Westport, Usa!. ■•• .»-'•■.■& .\
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. •■•;•.:
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— Market street. Chronic!*
building. -:.y ;:
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
if^^HßnT CALIFORNIA
l^^^pl^; LIMITED.
[M^^^^li SAN FRANCISCO
.iglliyygßy] CHICAGO.
. Trains leave from and arrive at ' Market-
street Kerry.
San Francisco Ticket Office— 644 Market St.
Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1520. Oak-
- and . Offl , ce ~ Broadway - • Sacramento Of-
fice— 2ol J st.
c- BB A ee £ t i ,l.w. w , a ,5 r;r ;j San Fr anclsco to Chicago.
LOOK AT THE TIME OF TUB CALIFORNIA
„ LIMITEf. »
Leave Sad Francisco 4:30 p. m. Mondays and
Thursdays; arrive Kansas City 6;CO p. m
Thursdays and Sundays: arrive St. Louts 7:oi
uA- m ' £ rld J '. s ., and Moneys; arrive Chicago
9:43 a. m., Fridays and Mondays • ■ -
J&Pti C^ RS Under M»rvey-. management.
Sle^pmg «Ta« n « <-*« - auJ Pullman Palac*
«T» IB K,V* 111 carrle First-Class Passengers
only, but no extra charge is made.
*-£ he nn A LAN * TI , E - p RSSS, leaving dally at
m!?n P T^;i'cf C %7 ies 1 I<ulln » n Palace and Pull-
man Tourist Sleeping C*rs on fast time. D!-
ST-^HS^M cbicaKO - and Kansas city
v^fJL ra^v' ¥'" tle9> new ballast.' new
bridges. The shortest crossing or the desert
and a country that Interests by its varied and
beautiful scenery. The highest grade of pas-
senger equipment and meals at Harvey's fa-
mous dining-rooms. i
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
(Via Sausalito /Ferry.) ■
| Le6vc San Francisco Commencing Nov.
„„ 13, 1897.
WEEK DATS— 9:BO a. m. ; 1:45 p. m
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m.; 1:15 p. m.
■ Special trips can be arranged fo.v by applying
j to THUS. COOK & SON. 621 Market st.. San
1 Franclioo, or telephoning Tavern of Tamalpais.
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
KO| iiu.h.n i^Acinc t'OJIFAHT.
(PACIFIC NVSTEM.)
Train Ifiife »■■«! »r<> <lv« to «rrl»e Ml
NAN rRAHCUV*.
' (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From January 1, 1898. — AB»rr«
•6:OO.\~!Siles. San Jose and Way Stations . . . *Bs4s a
7:OOa. Benicia. Suisun nnd Sacramento. . . . 10:45 a
TiOOA Marysville, Oroville and Redding ria
Woodland 5i43p
7:OOa VacETiUo and Rumsey 8:45p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Xapa,
CalUtoga and Santa Itoea 6:lSp
S'OOa Atlautio Kxpress, Ogden and last. . Bt4sr
»i:iO.\ Miles. San Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Maiysvillc, Chico,
Tehama and Red Uluff 4ilsp
•S:3Oa Peters, Milton and Oakdale "7:15p
9:4»i»a New Orleans Express, Merced, Ray-
mond, Fresno, BakersUeld, Santa
liHiiiara, l.os Angciea, DemiufC.
El Paso, New Orleans and East. «i4Sp
9:00 a Vallejo, Martinez, . Merced and
Fresno lCtl3p
•l:OOp Sacramento Hiver Steamers *«:OOp
l:OOp Niles. San Jose and Way Stations. . JO: J3\
1 :3 Or Martinez and Way Stations .., 7:43p
8:OOi" LiTermnre, Mendota, Hanford and
Vi3alia .t;:,... t;: , . . 4: 1 5f
I-iTermore, San Jose, Nile* and Way
Stations ■. «... IlOi IS *.
«i4»Or Martinez, Kan Ramon, Valleio, .
Napa, 4 is toga. El Verana ana ' ' ' ' .
Santa llosa 9ils\
4iO»r Benicia. Vacavllle, Woodland, .• *
-y. " Knights Landing, MarysTille, Oro- . 9
Title and .Sacramento 10:43 a i
. 4 iSOr Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:1 5* '
4:SOp Lathrcp, Modesto, Merced, Berenda;
Fresno, Mojave ' (for Kandsburg), •
Santa Barbara and Los Angeles.. 7i45a.
' 4i*Or Santa Fe lloute, Atlantic Express
forMojare and l'jist . «t4sr
%Bi»*r " Sunset Limited," Los Angeles, El
Paso, Fort Worth. Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East flOrlß a.
4T3:3Ur " Sunset Limited Annex," El Pa»o.
New Orleans and East {lOiISa
6tOOp European Mail, Ogden and East.... 9:4."» a
6iUop Haywardu, Niles and San Jose 7:43 a
}S:OOi» Vallejo -»7:45p
SiOOr Oregon JSxpress, Sacramento, Marys-
villo. ICeddiug, Portland. Pnget
Hound and Kant. MO A
(»aN LKA.M»UO and ha v Wards local.
_ ;> v ■ (Foot of Market Street.) '
< # «»oori ~ f 7»ioa
S:OOa Xelrose, Srralnary Park. (*9i4Sa
iS:S2a FJtohburg, Elmhunt, i?.«t
ill :06a San Leandro. South San. ' 12:4Sp
.* : *.°. ! Le«dro,Estu«illo, $ j'»!|^
isVob'p Loreaso, Cherry / t4t4sp
4iOOp . . t5:45p
O:O«p •■■ I 6ilSp
B:3Op Hajward*. • 7:45r
7:« Op * , B:4«Sr
* j »Op i "Runs through to Nllea. - f 0:45p
ttll:15p; tFromNiles! - ? { lOsSOp
t'tll:l3pj - ffl2:Oop
COAST DIVISION (Karroir «auge). "
(Foot of Market Street.)
•ilsa Newark, CeiiterTlllo.Han.lose.Felton, ' "
. - Boulder Creek, San Cruz and Way
Stations >O(a*«
•SiaSr Newark, Center»ille, San Jose, New
Almadeu, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations «IOi3OK
4":1 3 p Newark, Ban Jose and Los Gatos . . . OiBO a,
t11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations t7i«Op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtmSlN FRVKCISCO— foot of Market Street (Slip 8) —
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 *2:00 S3tCJ
•4:00 15:00 '6:00 P.M.
rrofflOHUKß— root or Broadway.— "6:oo 8:00 ICHX>».M. (
»2:00 *l:00 12:00 '3:00 14:00 *S:oorj^
; COAST DIVISION (Broad «ange).
(Third and Townsend Sta.)
6:33 a Sau Joso and Way Stations (New
Alinaden Wednesdays only) 0:33 a,
•:«Oa Han Jose, Tree l'iuos, Santa Crux,
;.-'V* .Pacilic (Jiore. Paso Koblcs, San ■
. l.nls obisrio, Guadalupe, Surf and 1
lVlncipal Way Stations 4:13*1
: l»t4»A San Jose and Way Stations # 8:OOa
I1:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations ' 8:33 a
*2:30r San Slateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Santa Clara, >Sau Jose, Gilroy,
' ■ Uollister, Santa Cruz,. Salinas,
. Monterey and Pacific <:rovo «lOs4Oa
. •Sslßp San Jose and Principal Way Stations •9:00 a.
•4:13r San Jose and Principal Way Stations »:45v
■ •5:« Op San Jose and Principal Way Stations I:UOp
5:3«r Sau Jose and Principal Way Stations 5:3 Up
«::«»r San Jose and Way Stations.. 7:2<>p
f11;45p San Joso and Way Stations 7;20p
A for Morning. I 1* for Afteruoon. .
• Sundays excepted. J Sundays only, t Saturdays only.
tt Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only. '
i *|J Mondays and Thursdays.
{ Wednesdays and Saturdays. . _
I THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAOUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1897. trains will run a*
Southbound. I j Northbound.
Passen- Mixed statlona Mixed I Passes
r ■^ (lay 3xauons - Sunday per
Dally. Exe'p-td ■-■ _' , Excp'tdi Dally.
7:20 a.m. 9:00 a.m.'Stockton 3:45 p.m. 5:40 p.m."
I 8:10 a.m. 12:00 p.m. : Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:53 p] in.
ilO a.m. | 3:50 p.m. Fresno J :30 a.m. 2 -20 m.
11:40 a.m. 5:20 p.m. Hanford -:45a.m. 1:18 Dm.
| 12:15 p.m. I 6:45 p.m. Visalta 9:40 a.m. 12:40 p.m.
Stopping at Intermediate points when required.
Connections— At Stockton with ■ steamboats o£
C. N. & I. Co.. leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6:00 p. m. daily ;«t Merced with
Btages to and from Snelllnss, Coulterville etc -
1 also with stage from Hornltos. Mariposa ' etc" :
at Lankerahlm with stage to and from MaderaT
dera. . ■
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
' Via Sausalito Ferry.
From Ban Francisco. Commencing September
19, 1897.
■ WEEK DATS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »7 -7&. •o-»n
11:30 a. m.: -1:45. 3:45. *5:15, 6*oo. 630 pi.*
Extra trip? for San Rafael, on Mondays, Wed-
■ nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p." m >
SUNDAYS.
Trains marked^run^o^Qu^.
I:ZS a. m. weekdays for Cazadero and mv «t«
Duncan Mills and way stations- 800 a. m!
Buaday. tor Point lUyts and wa> •tiuoi-^'CHIEF LEES
INDIFFERENT
Denies That He Is at War
With the Police
Judges.
They Can Take From the De
partment the Assignment
of Cases.
Tha Proposal to Equally Divide the
Cases Is Entirely Wrong and
Will Not Work.
Chief Lees is not at all disturbed at
tho proposed action of the Police
Judcos to take the assignment
of cases out of the control of the de
partment. He was not aware of the
sed change till he read of it In
The Call yesterday afternoon, and the
Statement attributed to him in the
Examiner that he would insist upon
the existing order of things being con
tinued was a surprise to him, as he
r.-.-v er made it.
"It Is a matter of indifference to me,"
said the Chief yesterday afternoon,
whether the assignments are made by
the Police Court clerks or by Sergeant
McDonald. The sergeant has been for
years the properly constituted officer
:'■•: performing that duty, and he has
done it by rotation. I understand
Judge Low has been complaining be
cause the Hoff case was not assigned
to his court. As I understand the mat
ter, the case was assigned to his court
.)i the regular rotation, but before the
papers were ready. The complaining
•it ness, the murdered woman's
brother-in-law, swore to the complaint
in Judge Joachimsen's court, and, of
course, the case came before him.
"The proposition to equally divide
the cases anmng the four courts,
whether the arrests are made by war
rant or otherwise, is in my opinion,
wrong 1 . When a complaint is sworn to
in a court, that gives the court juris
diction in the case. As a mater of fact,
it is part of the procedings in the case,
and the case cannot be assigned to
another court unless with the consent
of the defendant, and then only for
probable cause. It is often the case
that a man will swear to a complaint
in a certain court because he prefers
that the Judge of that court shall try
his case; but the action of the Judges
would lake from him that right. In
my humble opinion, the Police Judges
cannot give effect to that part of their
suggestions."
The suggestion not to accept any
3 between midnight and 9 o'clock
in the morning is open to objection. It
i= pointed out that a reputable citizen
. be arrested after midnight on
some trumped-up charge, and it would
entail hardship and indignity upon him
to compel him to remain in the City
Prison for several hours when he could
be released on giving satisfactory
bonds.
The suggestions will be finally con
sidered at a meeting of the Judges this
afternoon, and at the same time they
may consider a suggestion to <lo away
with th • slipshod practice of discharg
ing prisoners. When a case is dis
missed in court the defendant walks
out of court, and the prison-keeper has
t > depend upon the list handed to him
by the bailiff of the court after the
court has adjourned as to whether a
prisoner has been discharged. In East
ern, cities all the prisoners are taken
back to the prison from the court, and
In the event of any of them having
been discharged they are not released
from prison until a written order of
discharge is received by the prison
keeper from the Judge. It is an evil
that can easily be remedied.
A BIG AUSTRIAN
STEAM COLLIER
One More Vessel Will Ply
Between This Port and
Nanaimo.
The CRmnnehe Goes to More Islnnd
Accident to the Sloop-Yacht
Annie.
John Rosenfeld.s Sons have secured
another big collier to run between this
port and Nanaimo. It is the Austrian
steel screw steamer Burma, which ar
rived here shortly after midnight yes
terday -with a cargo of coal. She is
now discharging at Long Wharf, Oak
land.
According to Lloyd the steamer is
Classed as 100 Al. Sho was built by
W. Gray & Co. (limited), at West
Hartlopnnl, England, in 1893, and is
owned by the Soc. Anon. Ungar di
Armamento Maritt. Orlente of Aus
tria-Hungary. Her captain is <;. |£I
kulicich, and her home port is Fiume.
The steamer is 225 ffpt long, 4V,t> feet
broad and ?.2 feet 8 inches deep. She
fame to Nanaimn from Vladivostok,
January 1.
The training-ship Camanehe was
towed up to Mare Island at 7:30 a. m.
yesterday by the tug Governor Mark
hani. The old monitor also used her
swn steam. On board were a few
r (embers of the First Division of the
Naval Battalion and almost all of the
Second, Captain Turner was in charge.
The tug returned with the party later
in the day, but the monitor will trans
fer her coal to the Marlon, which will
steam down and moor in the stream as
slop, as Governor Budd is able to at
tend.
Next Tuesday the United States
steamer Alert will leave for Central
America on a surveying expedition.
She has on a deck load of lumber to
. use as landmarks.
- The British ship Comishead, Cap
tain Nielson, arrived here yesterday,
sixty-five days from Newcastle; N. S.
W., with 3772 tons of coal for J. J.
Moore & Co. Light winds were gener
ally encountered, except from latitude
15 degrees to 5 degrees south, when a
• succession of easterly and northwest
erly gales were met.
The sloop-yacht Annie, Commander
Philip Caduc, while sailing up the bay
■yesterday afternoon, with a westerly
wind, was suddenly struck aback off
Powell-street wharf and drifted across
the bow of the schooner Neptune. The
only damage sustained was to the
mainsail of the yacht, which was pplit
in two.
Through no fault of her builders, the
gasoline launch constructed for Kit
terman, the Stockton-street furniture
merchant, has again been in trouble.
Christmas night the pile to which she
was anchored in Kanes Cove tore
loose and the little vessel drifted down
on the rocks near Meiggs wharf, fine
was rescued by Boatmen James Black
and J.ames Farrell and towed to sec
tion Aof the seawall bsXcre a ny gar
ticular damage was done. It is also
reported, on good authority, that while
the launch was cruising off BanaaHto
last Friday or Saturday somebody !ay
Jin iron crowbar down close to tho fly
wheel, which caught in the wheel,
slightly damaging the machinery-
Tho American barkentine Newsboy,
Captain Mollested, arrived yesterday,
twenty-eight days from Hakodate,
Japan. This is an exceedingly fast
voyage. The barkentine brought 900
tons of sulphur for the American
Trading Company.
CHARLES FAIR FIGURES
IN A BARROOM BRAWL
Picks a Quarrel With Fred Hallen. the Actor
and Is Sent Sprawling by a
Stinging Blow.
NEW York, Jan. 9.— A morning pa
per prints the story of ;t brmiwl in the
barroom of the Imperial Hotel ypster
day afternoon, in which Charles L.
Fair of San Francisco and Fred Hal
lea ;md Charlie Ross, vaudeville actors,
were involved. The latter were en
gaged in conversation with Peter Dai
ley and John T. Kelly when Fair en
tered the place and broke into the con
versation, saying to Ross: "Well, who
are you? You are no Booth." Ross
did not explain who he was, but he
did give his opinion .if Fair and his
discourtesy. Fair wandered away,
but soon returned and s.Tid to Hallen:
'What's the matter with him?" nod
ding toward Ross.
"You intruded, and I suppose he is
offended," answered Hallen, pacifically.
"Suppose I apologise." returned Fair.
"Go get me some paper and I'll write
an apology."
"Get messenger boy, quick, ' said
Hallen, shortly.
"Ain't you big enough for a messen
ger?" was Fair's reply.
Already nettled at Fair's intrusion
upon the party and upon the silent re
ception of the oral scourging cf Ross,
Hallen answered the Insulting speech
with a Mow. A table, a chair, a silk
hat and a millionaire all went down
together. The attendants hastily re
moved Fair from the room.
MARKETS AGAIN
MEET DEFEAT
"Napoleon" Fagin's Collection
Succumbs to the Will
& Fincks.
The Game Repleta With Errors and
Heavy Stick Work— Other
Games.
"Napoleon" Fagin's colts seemed to
have lost their grip. Yesterday they
allowed the Will & Fincks to take their
scalps, and if this continues Fagin will
have to instill more ginger into his ag
gregation. Iberg was given a vacation
in another portion of the lot and Bodie
tried his hand at twirling. He only
tried, however, as the Will & Fincks
batted him in all directions, and he had
to give way to Henry Krug. Krug has
always possessed a wing and he show
ed up to good advantage. Six strike
outs in four innings is not a bad repu
tation for any pitcher to establish.
Fitzpatrick pitched a steady game up
to the eighth, when Knell, wishing to
have more than a. speaking part in the
game, finished for his side. Both men
did good work. The game was full of
batting. and errors, and the small-sized
crowd got enough excitement out of the
game to keep them w.arm. H. Krug
lost five balls over the fence in succes
sion, making the heart of Manager Mc-
Noill sad.
Following is the score:
PAL MARKETS. AB R BH SB PO A F.
H. Knur. es. and p. 4 2 20141
Monahan. 3b 5 1112 10
Murphy, lb 4 2 1 0 S 0 0
K. KruK. 2b 5 110 3 2 1
Payne, c.f 5 2 1 2 2 10
Hearty, if 5 0 10 110
Iberg, p. and 3b.. ..5 0 1 0 0 0 0
Uodie. r.f 4 0 10 0 12
Stroecker, c 3 0 1 2 10 0 2
Total 40 8 Ml 6 27 10 6
WILL. & FINCKS. AB R BH SB PO A ■
MertP3, lb 4 8 2 3 2 0 0
Muller, If. 5 110 3 10
Bliss, r.f 4 0 0 12 0 0
Jcnnson, 2b 4 12 0 2 0 2
Scott 4 12 0 4 0 1
Fitzpairick, r 4 0 10 10 1
Tillson. Sb 2 0 0 0 5 10
Hilderbrandt 2 2 10 2 0 0
Smith, «8 4 2 10 6 3 1
Knell, p 10 0 0 10 0
Total 34 10 10 4 27 5 5
RUNS BY INNINGS.
California Markets 0000040 I—B
B«se hits 41010040 I— II
Will & Flncka 3 112 0 0 0 3 o—lo
Base hits 3 12100110—9
SUMMARY.
Earned runs— California Market* 1. Will &
Flncks 2. Two-hase hits— Mul!«r, Hilderbrandt,
Johnßon. H. Kruf?. Hearty. First base on er
rors—California Markets 1. "Will & Fir.cks 2.
First bats-- on called — California Markets
•i Will & Flncks 7. Left on California
Markets 9, Will & Fincks 5. Struck out— By
Bodie 1. hy H. Krug 6, by Fitrpatrick 3, by
Knell 1. Hit by pitcher— Scott and Tillson.
Fussed balls— Scott 1. Time of game— 2 hours.
McDonald.
Other Gardes-
Company D, First Infantry, defeat
ed Troop I, Fourth Cavalry, in an in
teresting game at the Presidio yester
day by a score of 9 to 1. As the game
was to decide the department cham
pionship a great deal of Interest was
taken in the match, many wagers be
ing laid upon its outcome.
Troop I had its best men in the field
and felt confident of winning. Com
pany D was not far behind In material,
and they made every effort to uphold
the honor of the walking contingent.
Both teams put up excellent ball, the
sharp fielding and clever stick work
winning the applause of a large crowd
of onlookers. In winning yesterday
Company D added more laurels to their
branch of the service. Having won the
trophy in the annual department ath
letic competition, they show that in the
ranks they have the best athletic ma
terial.
Base hits and errors wore as plenti
ful among the Junior ball-players as
with the teams that people paid to see
play. Following are pome of the
matches played and their scores:
National Stars 13, Mission Stars 12;
Cliff House Javarlcas 16, Midgets I;
Young Buphnf'll Alerts 4, Fort Mason
Stars 3; Midgets 12, Young Manhattans
5: San Francisco Alerts 10, Libert ys 9;
<;..'.<len Rule Bazaar Jrs. 9. Young
Olympics 0; Monitors 13, J. Butlers 1.
Be Sure Your Sir) Will Find You Out.
Dr. Charles Edward Locke, at the Cen
tral Methodist Church last evening,
preached a sermon on the subject, "Be
Sure Your Sin Will Find You Out." A
large audience fillled the church and
, those present listened with closest at
tention. Dr. Locke is conducting revival
services, meetings being held afternoons
and evenings. Deep interest is being
manifested in these special meetings. In
his sermon Dr. Locke said there were
two reasons why Bin cannot be concealed.
First, because sin is incompatible with
man's moral and physical nature, and
when sin is habitually committed and
laws are broken- the penalties of diso
bedience are imposed, and thus sin testi
fies against the sinner. The second rea
son is that man's conscience exposes
him. Conscience demands proper restitu
tion; it fastens guilt. Conscience does
not grow inactive with years, but sooner
or later j affiliates with unrelenting and
inevitable eludings.
THE BA!N FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1898.
SERMON ON THE
DURRANT CRIME
Rev. J. A. Cruzan Draws
a Moral From the
Execution.
Declares That the Gallows Is
One of God's Awful
Teachers.
Emphasizes the Eternal Law Tha
"The Wapies of Sin Is
Daath."
BERKELEY, Jan. 9.— Rev. J. A. Cru
zan of the North Berkeley Congrega
tional Church preached this evening on
"The Shadow of the Gallows." He
pictured dramatically the various
scenes of the Durrant case, the mur
ders, the trial, the imprisonment and
the execution.
The preacher chose for his text Job
iv:8: "Even as I have seen, they that
plow iniquity and bow wickedness shall
reap the same." He spoke in part as
follows:
The black shadow of the gallows rests
upon oUr fair commonwealth. The awful
"horrors which desecrated Emmanuel
Church; the terrible trials; the battle in
the courts to evade the death penalty;
the final act last Friday, when the stern
hand of the law sent a young man, just
on the threshold of life. Into eternity—
these terrible tacts are burned into our
memories. We cannot forget them If
ire would.
Horrible as it all was and is, the gal
lows is one of God's teachers. 1 judge
no man. '"With malice toward none, and
with charity for all." 1 would have you
sit for a little time to-night under the
"shadow of the gallows," and with
hushed hearts listen while this grim mes
; senger speaks.
The lirst lesson this horrible teacher
: utters is old and threadbare— that sin,
I all sin. is fraught with peril. Had the
crowds which packed the courtroom dur
■ ing the trial* and that crowd in the San
i Wuentln death chamber been keen-eyed,
; they could have seen written on the
walls over the jury box and on the cross
beam of the gallows the words. "The
i wages of sin is death." written by the
same hand which penned the phrase on
Belahaisar'c banquet hall. Young people
arc in danger of forgetting this old,
i awful- truth. They see men plunging
into sin, but no evil consequences fol
low. On the other hand, these men seem
to enjoy life In an animal sort of way.
.Hut suddenly sin, which seemed so harm
less, shocks the world with an awful
crime and turns upon the wrong-do«r.
Th< re, In the dead face <>r the victim, In
the suspense of the terrible trial. In the
■ long, dreary Imprisonment, on the cross
beam of the gallows, the dullest eyed
can read the old truth, "The wages of
sin is death."
The gallows teaches also the . lesson
that sin is a traitor. "Be sure your sin
will rind you out," says the Bible. The
keenest detective is sin itself. No trans
gression can be so securely hidden that
the guilty man can be absolutely safe
from discovery. No eye, save the mur
derer's, saw those terrible tragedies: the
secret was hidden In the vast silence of
the church. And yet how swiftly, surely,
unerringly the net was drawn around
the murderer and twelve men without
hesitancy said "Thou art the man!"
The gallows teaches also the truth that
the only safety is to resist sin in Its
beginning. The world is startled from
time to time by some terrible crime like
the Emmanuel Church horror. That full
sized crime did not spring up like Jonah's
gourd in a night. The seed which bears
horrible final fruit on the gallows takes
years for its growth and maturity. In
its seedling days the sin might have been
uprooted, but grown to maturity, in its
fall it crushes two lives and builds the
gallows from which a soul is hurled Into
eternity.
"The way of the transgressor is hard"
is another truth taught by the gallows.
This old truth had become blunted. Our
young people had seen the transgressor,
whose name in California is legion,
clothed in broadcloth and faring sumptu
ously. They had heard the rustle of her
silks along the streets. They had over
heard the transgressor's bacchanalian
orgies, hud seen him snap his fingers at
courts and go unwhipped of Justice. No
wonder that our young people began to
doubt God's word, and to think that
times had changed since Solomon's day,
and that now the way of the transgressor
had become easy. Then God rewrote
that old truth between the lines in the
countless columns of the dally press, in
the testimony of the witnesses, in the
verdict of the jury, in the wearing, agon
izing suspense, and at last on the walls
of the death chamber. The way of the
transgressor is hard. Truth is eternal.
It does not change.
There was not a step of all that hor
rible way from the belfry of Emmanuel
Church to the trap of the San Quentin
gallows that was easy. The- way of all
sin is hard. The goal is retribution. Let
us all beware of the sin of self-righteous
ness. The sin that puts a rope around a
man's neck is not the only sin to be
feared. God's thoughts are not as man's
thoughts.
A man may never violate a law of the
land and yet be held by sin. Dives was
such a man. He was not a sinner as
men count. There are no crimes laid at
his door. For aught wo know he was
one of Jerusalem's Four Hundred. Hut
he lived a selfish, unloving life. The
spirit of sin transfused him and became
his life. Though he broke no law the
loving Christ lifts the curtain of rternity
and we soe him among the lost. Sin, not
necessarily murder, but Bin. all sin. Is the
great enemy and soul-destroyer.
"Christ's Testimony of Himself."
BERKELEY. Jan. I.— Roy. H. c.
Minton this morning at the First Pres
byterian Church defended the divinity
of Jesus in a sermon on "Christ's
Testimony Concerning Himself ." The
sermon was in the nature of a reply to
the remarks made by K-w William
Geohegan of the I'nitarian Church in
his Christmas stvrmon. Dr. Minton de
clared it to be inconceivable how
Christ's statement that ho was the
son of God could be doubted or disbe
lieved, He also declared that none of
Christ's miracles were performed to
convince men of the truth of his decla
rations, but were performed only that
good might be done to others.
Ecrly Sunday Morning f\re.
BERKELEY, Jan. 9.— A fire at 3
o'clock this morning destroyed the cot
tage at Fifth and Jones streets, Went
Berkeley, owned by Joseph Do ran aiid
occupied by B. Burko and family. The
building was totally destroyed, the loss
being about $1000. partially covered by
Insurance. The fire was caused by the
explosion of a coal-oil lamp, and the
smoke became so thick in tho house
that the occupants were nearly suffo
cated before they were awakened and
escaped from the burning building.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. Jan. 9.— A number of
the wives of thf» university professors
and women socially prominent in Ber
keley are organizing a Women's club,
"The Town and Gown." The organiza
tion will Include Mrs. Martin Kellogg,
Mrs. Joseph Le Conte and many others.
The members of the North Berkeley
Congregational Church have entirely
raised the debt of $400 from their
church.
Husband and Wife In Jail.
OAKLAND, Jan. 9.— Manning Wlns
low was brought here and lodged in
the county Jail this morning with his
wife, who was arrested yesterday. They
are charged by Mrs. Etts with obtain
ing money under false pretenses.
Judge Swasey's Condition.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 9.— The condition
of Judge Swasey, the Nestor of the
Alameda judiciary, who is lyinjj very
ill at the Fabiola Hospital in Oakland,
is unchanged. He had a sinking spell
last night, from which he rallied with
difficulty, and remains to-day in a crit
ical condition.
BASEBALL GAMES.
First of the Championship Series
of the Cycliog Ciubs' League.
ALAMEDA, Jar,. o.— To-day at Rec
reation Park, in this city, was played
the first of the championship series of
the Cycling •tubs' Baseball League
The contesting clubs were the San
Francisco Tioad Club and the Encinal
Recreation Club's team. The game
was won by the first-named club by a
score of 11 to 7. The teams were as
follows:
Road Clvb — Lewis,, catcher; Horr,
pitcher; Goodwin, first base; Rogers,
second base; Barriett, third base;
Robinaon, shortstop; French, left
tifld; O'Mallejr, center field; Creyton,
right field.
Recreation Clvb — Lamb. catcher,
Lenz, pitcher; Allen, first base:
Goggin, second base; Hanna, third
base; Ireland, shortstop; Groth. left
field; Allen, center field; Olson, right
field.
The Park-avenue nine defeated the
Young Famous Club yesterday after
■ noon by a score of 18 to 4.
Death) of Mrs. William G. Taylor.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 9.— Mrs. Lena 1..
Taylor, wife of William G. Taylor and
1 daughter of the late George and Mag
dalene Heirit. dted in this city this af
ternoon at the age of 44 years, after
a bri»'f Illness. She was a native of
; Ohio, and had lived in this city but two
weeks. Th" funeral will take place on
Tuesday from hor lato residence, 160u
■Walnut street, and interment will be at
1 Mountain View.
Religious Services-
ALAMEDA, Jan. 9.— The revival
' services at the Park-street Methodist
• Church will be continued this? week.
! Rev. James Williams of Vallejo will
assist the pastor.
"Prophets of Lies" was the subject
of this evening's discourse by Rev. Dr.
Scudder at the Congregational Church.
Rev. F. B. Brush of the First Presby
terian Church preached this morning
\ on "The Healing of Blind Dartimeus."
' and in the evening on "Life's Invest
ments."
Rev. Mr. Brandes of the German
Evangelical Lutheran Church, lectured
this evening on the subject, "Reichstag
' zu Augsbui r ."
At the Santa Clara avenue Methodist
Church, the pastor. Rev. C. E. Rich,
preached in the morning on "The
Sacrament of the Lord's Supper," and
in the evening on "Temptation of
Jesus."
EXPLAINS TO
HIS CHURCH
Rev. Edwards Davis' Action Is
Indorsed by His
Church.
After Giving the Explanation, as Pub
lished in The Call, They Are
Satisfied.
Oakland Offiro San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 9.
The attendance of members at the
Central Christian Church was above
the average, but the outsiders were
scarce. Rev. Edwards Davis occupied
the pulpit, much to the surprise of
many of his congregation. He made
the statement to them that was pub
lished in to-day's Call, in denial of the
rumors In circulation affecting his
standing.
Elder Wishard, chairman of the
church officers, and the highest tribunal
of the church, stated that the church
accepted the defense and would not
even hold an investigation of the
charges made by the newspapers. The
morning services then proceeded with
out any more reference to the affair.
Mr. Davis announced to-night that
on next Sunday he would speak upon
"Capital Punishment," and at that
time he proposes to give a detailed ac
count of his visit to Durrant, his opin
ions formed from the visit and its re
sults. He is entirely satisfied with the
treatment accorded him by the church.
PRAISE GIVEN
TO THE CALL
The Lincoln Monument League
Thanks It for Its
Efforts.
President W. W. Stona Compliments
the Paper During h Speech at
Metropolitan Temple.
The Call's efforts In behalf of the
erection of the Lincoln Monument at
Golden Gate Park called forth the
praise of the Lincoln Monument Leagu*
at the Metropolitan Temple yesterday.
The remarks were made during the
speech of W. W. Stone, the president
of the organization, when he was in
troducing PlufWOf Rcrhner, the musi
cian, to whom a reception was being
given.
The gentleman was speaking of the
work done by the league, and the en
couragement they had received when
he said:
"The Lincoln Monument is not yet a
yoar old, hut it has issued 12.000 certifi
cates of membershrp and inaugurated
a Lincoln Day that will be celebrated
all over the United States. We find a
great deal of apparent apathy on the
part of the people, but this is only ap
parent, the love of Lincoln, his charac
ter and true devotion is universal, and
we need only to crystallize the senti
ment. We have taken means to do this,
and on the 14th of Pehruary next we
shall endeavor to see the fruits of our
labors.
"I cannot leave this subject without
expressing tho thanks of the league to
Th*» San Francisco Call for its noble ef
forts in seconding our labors. It has
responded to our call in a true spirit
of patriotism, and we feel that with
out its aid we should not have succeed
ed as we have done."
■The gcntlemtm then spoke a few
words, presenting Professor Rohner, the
guest of the day. After introducing
him the musician played several selec
tions on the organ, which were large
ly applauded. The soprano solo ren
dered by Miss abort and the vocal
selections given by the Knickerbocker
Quartet were also much appreciated.
Th? San Francisco Military Hand
rendered "The Jubilee March." which
was composed by Professor. Rohner In
remembrance of his visit to California,
Chicago being his home.
The largest congregation in America
in that of St. SUanisUus Kostka, in
rhicagn, which has 30.000 communi
cants. The number of attendants at
the several Sunday services frequent
ly exceeds 15,000 L
Ta Cure a Cold In One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Qulnln> Tablets. All
dru«;Ki»ts refund the money If It falls to cure.
25c. The genuine hae L. B. Q. on eaoh tablet.
MOSS IS STILL
IN THE CELLS
The Real Estate Dealer Is Not
at All Desirous of
Liberty.
For Over a Month He Has Been
Hidden and No Action
Taken.
Oakland Office Ran Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 9.
J. W. Moss, the once wealthy real
estate dealer, is still in the City Prison
and his sole object and that of those
who are responsible for his being there
seem to be to keep out of sight. His
case is a remarkable one and without
precedent at the City Hall.
Several weeks ago Moss was missing,
and as there was an explanation need
ed regarding his handling of the Paine
estate Judge Ogden removed him as
executor. About a month ago Mobs
suddenly returned from Honolulu and
gave himself up. It is said that a
warrant was out for his arrest, but
there is no record of any on the prison
docket. Moss has' wealthy friends, and
it was supposed at the time that every
thing had been squared and that Moss
had been released.
Much surprise was expressed to-day
when it became known that he was
still in the seclusion of the cells be
neath the City Hall. One of the offi
cers said that the prisoner is not anx
ious to be released and is staying in
jail till he recovers.
GAMBLERS HELD UP IN
A SALOON AT PRESCOTT.
Masked Robber With a Pistol Rakes In the
Coin of Roulette and Crap Games
and Escapes.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., Jan. 9.— A daring
robbery occurred in the Palace saloon
at 4 o'clock this morning. All the games
in the saloon, except the crap game,
had been closed, and Bob Brown, the
proprietor, had just gone home. Bar
ney P>arnes, the barkeeper, was sitting
in the office at the end of the bar when
a masked man Jumped over the bar,
presented a pistol to his face and ord
ered him to hold up his hands and go
over to the crap game. As they reached
the crap game he ordered the roulette
dealer, who had just closed his game
and was standing near, to throw up his
hands alao, and taking the coin sack
from his left coatpocket he threw it
on the crap table and ordered the
dealer to put all- the money in the sack,
at the same time covering him with
a gun.
When the coin, $447, all in silver, had
been placed in the bag, he ordered the
dealer to tie the bag, and then throw
ing it over his left shoulder backed out
of the door, warning all not to make
a move or he would kill them.
About twenty men were in the saloon
at the time, but none were armed, and
the robber covered all likely to get
arms as soon as he entered. It is
though he had an accomplice on guard
outside, but only one man entered the
saloon. Two men, supposed to be the
robbers, boarded the northbound train
which passed less than half an hour
after the robbery.
NIGHT-WATCHMAN MURDERED.
Shot Down by a Prowler in Railroad Yards
at Middleiown. N. Y.
MIDDLETOWN, X.Y., Jan. 9.— Frank
Beckwith, a watchman in the employ
of the Ontario and Western railroad,
while in the performance of his duties
last night, noticed a man acting sus
piciously in the freight yard. He grasp
ed the man about the arms from be
hind, but he broke loose, and. imme
diately drawing a revolver, shot Beck
with twice through the lungs. Beck
with die<l tr.-day.
The murderer was Edward Simpson,
a former inmate of the Elmira Reform
atory, out on parole. He had no sooner
committed the act than he became pen
itent and told the whole story to the
persons who came up to him at the
sound of the revolver. Simpson helped
to carry the wounded man to his home.
Laid hjands Upon Then).
The Bishop of California ' visited the
Mission of the Good Samaritan on Second
street last evening for the purpose of ad
ministering the holy rite of confirmation
upon a large class of boys and girls,
which had been gathered into the church
and carefully instructed in the faith by
the Rev. Mr. Morgan, assistant minister
of the mission, which was crowded by the
parents and friends of the candidates. In
honor of the occasion the pretty chapel
had been carefully decorated with blaz
ing lights and beautiful flowers and never
presented so fine an appearance. The
bishop preached from Matthew vl:10,
"Thy will be done on earth." and his
discourse was particularly calculated to
impress the youths with the solemnity
and significance of the ceremony In which
they were participating, instituted by
Christ himself and his holy apostles and
continued to this day as one of the most
precious of all the gifts left to His
church. The bishop's address to the
class after they had been confirmed was
most impressive. Several of the candi
dates were members of the boy choir.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow files with the wind. The top fig
ures at station indicate maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath It. if any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow in inches
and hundredth* during the past twelve hours.
Ittobnrs. or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure: isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The wind "hi^h" m"ans high
bardmetic pressure and Ib usually accompanied
with fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
flrst appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high in the Interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the cuast. rain is probable:
but when the "low" la inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather in winter. Th«
reverse of these conditions wili produce an
oppcfite result.
THE WEATHER BUREAU.
(120 th Mercian-Pacific Ttme.>
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 9. S p. m.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
OLte as compared with th^se of same date last
season and rainfall during the past 24 hours:
This Last Past
Stations. Season. Season. 24 Hours.
Eureka 22.51 0.08
Hsti Bluff 6.24 1116 0.00
Sacramento 4.88 6.49 o.2fi
San Francisco 4.42 11.10 Trace
Fresno 2.20 411 0.05
Kan Luis Ohispo 1.94 7.74 0.18
Los Angeles 3.0« 5.11 0.38
Sun Piego IM 4.26 0.09
Yuma 0 vi 2. 11 0.00
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
47: minimum, 40; mean. M.
The depression central over Eastern Cali
fornia and Nevada this morning has moved
southeastward, and is to-night over Arizona
and Utah. The pressure is rising rapidly over
the r.oithern portion of the country, attended
with clear and much colder weather.
The tempeiature has fallen decidedly over
Southern California and in Southern Nevada.
Snow is falling throughout Nevada, Utah and
Southern Idnho.
A maximum wind velocity of 26 miles per
hour from the southeast is reported at Yuma.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, January 10. UM:
Northern California— Fair Monday; continued
cold weather; probably killing frost Monday
morning; light northerly wind.
Southern California— Monday; contin
ued cold weather, with heavy frost Monday
morning if the skies are clear: westerly wind.
Nevada — Snow early Monday morning;
cloudy Monday: continued cold weather.
Utah— Snow Monday: much colder.
.Arizona— Rain or snow Monday; much colder;
probably killing frost if the skies are clear.
San Francisco and Vicinity— Fair Monday;
continued cold weather; light northerly wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais taken
at 5 p. m. — Cloudy: wind north, light; tempera
ture, 35; maximum temperature. 40.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
PESTINATIuX
'oniona....!Hnmbldtßa.v. Jan 10. 3 PMlPter a
'zarina — Coos Bay Jan 10. 5 PMJPIer 8
Voeott Hmnbidt Bay. Jan 11, 9 AMiPier 13
anta Rosa Ban Diego.... J;tn 11, 11 am Pier 11
ltyPuebla Vio & P?t Snd Jan 11, U am ' Pier 9
hllkat... Eel Rivr Jan l.'. »AM;Pteri:>
tat«ofCal Portland .T;in lit. 10 am '' Pier 24
oos Bar.. Newport Tan U, 9 am i Pier 11
'ueen ISan D1ef0.... Jan li. 11 am Pier 11
teljrlc ChlniAJapan. .inn 15, 1 pm PM SS
:xcpl»tor. Alaska Jan 15, ... I
Viilla Wlla ViciPSound Jan 1«. 9 am. Pier 9
•elNorte.. firays Harbflt- Jao IT, 11 M.Pier 2
ohiinbia. ! Portland. .*. Jan 18. 10 AMlPicr 24
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
:amkii.
I )
Impire Coos Bay Jan 10
rmcent City.. Crescent City Jan 10
Irtlkat F..1 River Jan 10
Vanhtenaw — Tacoma Jan 10
forth Fork.... Huniboldt !Jan 10
tateorCal Portland , Jan 10
'rogreso Seattle Jan 10
ooa liny Newport Jan 11
Valla Walla... Victoria and Pi;?et Sad... Jan 12
•resident. Yaqulna Bay Jan 12
!ue*;n ; San Diego Jan liJ
Jameda Sydney Jan 13
'omona • Humboidt Bay jan 18
an Jose Nanalmo Jan 14
tel Norte. Gray Harbor Jan U
olumbla Portland Jan 15
'eru .. Chins and Japan Jan 15
lomer Coos Bay Jan 15
.ztec Comox Jan 16
ImaUlla I Victoria & Pu?et Snd JaD IT
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Tim:s and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about ■■
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide is the same at both place*
JANUARY-ISOB.
TtaM Fl>e , Tinie Feet ;
LWi IH VT I
™EL e JFeet Time Feet
L V?] H W
t> 3./.1
H W
7 0:25
8 0:56!
I 1:22
10 1:58
3.1 'j::ki
L W
4.4 4:IS
4.5 4.57
4.6 5:44
4.7 <i :;;•.'
,
5.6 4:56. -
H W
M 10:14
3.2 10:54
8.2! 11:%
3.1 12:10
— tvs ;
L W
5.5 6:27 —0.0
5.5 5:5« — 0.6
5.2 6:32: -0.5
5.8 ;:ot}' o.«
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
' the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column, and the successive tides of ths
day in the order or occurrence as to time. The
second tlmt column gives tne second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
j United States Coast Survey charts, except
j when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height and
j then the number given ts subtracter* from ths
depth (riven by th« charts.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A t ranch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in tan Francisco for the benefit o(
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expt-nse.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit ths
office, where cocßftiets sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and ths latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers tv navigation and ail matters
of lnt?rest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ton minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
th* United States Naval Observatory at Mar*
Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether th# time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any, 1j
published the same day by the afternoon pa
pers, and by the morning papers the following
da - W. S. HTTGHES.
Lloutenant, U. S. N., In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. January 9.
Austrian stmr Burmah. Mikullslch. 4 days
from Nanaimo: 4239 tons coal, to John Rosen
feld's Sons. Oakland direct.
Haw stmr Aztec, Zeeder, 4 days from Comox;
4700 tons coal, to 6 P Co. Up river direct.
Hr stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, 82 hours from De
parture Bay; 2500 tons coal, to R. Dunsmuir
Sons Co.
Rtmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 60% hours frm
San Diego, etc; pass and mdse to Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Ftmr Gipsy. Leland, 24 hours from Moss
LdK, etc: produce, to Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen. 76 hours from Se
attle; 2300 tons coal, to Pacific Coast Co.
Stmr Washtenaw, Crosscup, "S3 hours from
Tacoma; 4000 tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland
direct.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 32 hours from
Crescent City; pass and mdse, to Hobbs. Wall
& Co. . .-.■■.
Ptmr State of California. Green, 50 hours frm
Portland via Astoria 41-. hours; pass and
mdse, to Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br ship Conishead, Nielsen. 63 days from
Newcastle, N 8 W; 3772 tons coal, to J J
Moore & Co.
Bktn Newsboy. Mollestad, 28 days frm Hako
date: 9CO tns sulphur, to American Trading Co
Schr Monterey. Beck, 15 hours from BoVens
Ldff; 165 M lumber, to F. Heywood. Up river
direct. .
Schr Christina Steffe'ns. Nordlin*;. 17 hours
from Fish Rock; 70 eds wood, to R A Gllbrlde
& Co.
Pchr Coquelle. Pearson, 4 days from Coqullle
River; 140 M lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Mary Etta. Nyman, IS hours from Bow
ens Ldg; wood and posts, to Bender Bros.
SAILED.
Sunday, January 9.
Br stmr Moana. Carey. Honolulu and Sydney,
Ptmr Cen Loomlo, BriditPtt, Ventura.
Ptmr South Const, Zaddart, Eureka.
Stmr Aroata. Hughes, Coos Bay.
Ptmr Homer. Jps»en. San Pedro.
Prhr Lillebonnp. Hansfn. .
Schr Sparrow. Dart, Kuroka.
Pchr OkanoKun. Mf>ore. Port Gamble.
Shn Sterling, Davis. Nanaimo.
TKI.KGRAPHIC.
point Lonns— Jan 8, 10 p m— Weather
claudy; wind, calm.
MF.M"RANr>tTM.
Conlshead, 'Brship. from Newcastle. NSW
Jan B— Sailed from Newcastle. NSW Nov 4
had l!pht easterly winds to Lat IS 3; from Lat
15 S to ■ S had a succession of easterly and
northerly gales; crossed the equator •38 days
out in Long 150 W' from the equator to port
Sad E and NE winds.
MISCELLANEOUS. • '
The sloop yacht Annie, Com. Caduc, whi;o
Failinß up the bay this p. m. with westerly
wind was struck aback off Powell-st. wharf
by easterly wind • and drifted 'across bow of
echr Neptune, tearing mainsail in two.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REPONDO— Arrived Jan 9— Schr Ruby A
Cousins, from (Jrays Harbor.
EUREKA— Arrived Jnn 9— Stmr Scotia hence
Jan 7: stmr Pasadena, irotn San Pedro
innCDOClNO— Arrived Jan 9-Stmr Point
Arena, hencv Jan 8.
VKNTT-RA— Arrivpd Jan B— Stmr Oeo Loo
mlß, henoe Jan 8, an.l sailed for San Francisco
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 9- -Prhr Mabel
Gray, from Eureka: hark Tidal Wave, from
Tdcoma; bktn C C Funk, from Tacoma; bark
\ idette, from Astoria; schr Maweena, from
Seattle.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan 9-Stmr
Umatllla, hence Jan 6. for Victoria.
CLALLAM RAY-Sailed Jan 9— Br bark
Whinlatter. from Seattle, for Queenstown.
POINT ARENA— Arrived Jan 9— Stmr Oreen
wood. hence Jan 8.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 9— Ship Dashing Wave,
for San Francisco.
IMPORTATIONS.
SAN DIEGO— Per Santa Rosa— 24 bxs limes,
2 stools, 93 ri<"s mdse, 1 cs mm water; 2 ca
clothing, 11 bdls p bags. 290 bxs lemons, 12 bxs
tyj>e, 1 cs shoes, 1 pail, 5 cs 10 bdls tobacco,
3 cs paint, 1 bx glsss. 506 bxs oranges, 1 cs
olive oil, 2 cs dry goods, 8 cs soap, 1 hf bbl
whisky, S sks drd fruits, 10 sks potatoes, 1 CS
mustard, 1 cs milk, 2 cs cigars, 1 cs can beef,
6 cs bak powder, 5 rolls paper, 1 cs c oil, 2 cs
gr fruit. 60 cs eggs, 1 keg olive?. 1 sk nuts.
REPOXDO- 2200 sks barley, 173 bxs oranges,
1 es plants, 9 cs hams, 1 wheel, 1 bal, 108 bdla
sheet iron, 3 cs honey, 1 cs music, 1 cs cigars,
3 bales husks, 8 bales- chills, 76 bxs lemons,
1 pkg gun, "2 pkgs mdsc\ 2 bxs ard fruit.
PORT LOS ANGELES— U« cs bottles. 1 bx
emery wheels, 1 bdl china, fi cs dfad stuck. 1
orpan, 1 bx p rollers, 7 cs whisky. 13 pkgs
mdse, 6cs Vermont n, 1 lot h h goods, 36 sks
peas, bxs tomatoes, S cs wine, 3 bx lemons,
4670 sks barley. US bxs oranges.
SANTA BARBARA— I 6 bcis mtn water, 5 bxs
plates. 1 cs groceries, S2 nkgs mdse. 20 sks
crawfish, SO bxs lemons, 2 bxs g ware, 1 keg
olives.
PORT HARFORD— IO46 fks barley. 12 dr
calves. 1 bx game. 20 bxs apples. St bdls hides'
and pelts. 10 bxs 2 tubs butter, 3 os hdwre, 3G
gs, J bxs p fittgs, 1 bdl hats. 1 bx , ware,
1 cs gun, 1 lihl tallow, 1 cs clothing, * coopg
chickens, 5 bbls olives, 2 sks drd fruit, 49 pkgs
mdse.
SANTA CRUZ— Per Gipsy— 3 cs cheese, 2 bx»
butter, 1 bx shelis, 2 bxs apples, 500 bbls
lime.
SOQUEL— ISS bdls 3 rms paper.
MO.ss LANDING— I bdl gunny bags. 1881 sks
potatoes, 1! pkgs mdse.
CRESCENT CITT— Per Crescent City-2W M
lumber. 2 castings, 96 pkn hides, 11 bales
hides, ', hales hides and polts, 5 bags wool, SO
libls salnmn, 7 cs mdse, 20 bxs apples, 1 bx
1 tub butter. 1 sk seed, 4 I'kprs express.
PORTLAND— Per State of California— lß bxs
fish, BM pkgs green hides. 2252 pkgs parser. 11l
bxs apples. lir>l fks onions. 21C4 sks potatoes.
172S sks wheat, 1516 hf sks 3650 qr sks Sl7
guns flour, 2400 sks bran, 725 sks shorts, 7uO
sks middlings, fi2o sks sulphur. 100 bbls ce
ment, 597 sks fertilizer, 1663 bdls shook*. 3 M
lumber.
Astoria -293 sks oysters. 1400 cs salmon. 22
bbls salmon. 337 hd!s shook?. 5 pkgs express.
CONSIGNEES.
Per stmr Crescent City— Wells, Fargo & Ccr
Dodge. Sweeney & Co; ClufC Bros; C E Whit
ney & Co; Standard Oil Co; California Bot
tling Co; Dunn & Co; Baker & Hamilton: R D
Hume & Co; Bissinger & Co; Hobbs, Wall &
Per State of Ca lifornla— Standard Oil Co;
Ventura County Fruit Co; Baker & Hamilton-
Cal Fertilizing wks: Cattoon, Bell & Co: Otis,
McAllister & Co; Geo Morrow & Co- John M
Pettigrew; H F Allen: D I Russell; C J Leist
& Co; M P Detels: Allen & Lewis: J Stencel-
Dolf &Sons, D M Bollman; Porter Bros; H
Heckman & Co; Erlanger ft Galineer; H Du
tard; McPonough & Runyon: P W Hatch-
Dalton Bro** Willamette P & P Co: Crown
Paper Co; Bissinger & Co; Fish Merchants;
Morgan Oyster Co; C Carlson: Darbee & Im
mell; Fogerty & Parker; J B Coha & Co;
Getz Bros & Co; Clatsop Mill Co; Wells, Far
go & Co.
Per stmr Santa Rosa— Wetmore Bros; F H
Ames & Co; Vulcan Iron Works: Bank of Cal;
Goodall. Perkins & Co: O C ft N Co: Hilmer,
Bredhoff & Schulz: C A Tiollanrt: Woulff & Co;
Am Press Assn; Cahn. Nickelsburg & Co: M P
Kohler & Co; J Magee: W P Fuller & Co:
Campodonlco & Malcolm: S Jacobs: J H
Kohn: S F Brew Co: T H Hatch: Murphy.
Grant & Co; H McMillan; Wolf <<.- Sons; H *O
Greenhood: A J B Immel : Flossheim & Levy:
George R Starr <fc Co; L & Co: A Levt
& Co: Gray & Barbieri: Minaker & Welbank:
A Galli Fruit Co; D de Barnardi & Co; L Spie
eei: Sherwood & Sherwood: Geo H Peck: New
mark & Edwards; J H Cain & Co; B T M
Scott: C A Jones; Eveleth & Nash: Yon Voss
(k Co: MePonough & Runyon: Tillmann &- Ben
del: C Almada: Enterprise Brew: E Martin &
Co: M Franklin & Bro: Geo W Shreve: Am
Biscuit Co: W E Nichols: Wltzel & Baker:
Dodge. Sweeney & Co- H W.ildeck: Woods, M
& Co; S Levy & Co: J H Newbauer & Co; Mar
shall * Reimers: H Kirohm.in: Irvine Bros;
Kissinger & Co: Butchers Supply Co: Brigham,
Hoppe & Co; Hills Bros: Russ. Early *■ II:
Standard Oil Co; Chas Jacobsen: A Pallies; W
C Price & Co; Dairymen's Union; Roth & Co:
Sanforq Bros: O B Smith & Co; Getz Bros &
! & Co: Western Meat Co: Yon Ronn. H & Co:
P Benua; M Carbana, Moore, Ferguson & Co;
i Sinsheimer Bros: S B Mm Water Co: H Clif
ton: E Gamier & Co; C Chevalier; Am Union
, Fish Co: A Paladini: Milan & Co; J B Ingug
lla; University of Cal: D McDuffle: E J Part
, riritre: G W McNear: O R & N Cor. F J Currier;
J Pemartini: E G Lyons; Cal Ink Co; Kohler
i & Chase: Cal Saw 1 Works: G H T Jackson:
'■ Robt N Frlck: E P Bereson.
Per Gipsy— J C Wilson & Co: Milwaukee
! Brew: Wolf & Sons; Loughran: S P Milling
Co: Union Paper Co; Podge. Sweeney & Co;
Hills T'.ros: H Cowell &- Co: Thns Hermann. _
/^Br. Gibbon's Dispensary,
«ie«^^ KCVKXY ST. Established
lsPili^fffl» ln I*"* lor the treatment of Pi i. -ate
fjHLIIVSBf Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
MMgMß)<liMU'''V't'aniiK<ui bodyand mind and
3fl bS!K; 1»&*«1 »&*« skin Diseases. The doctorcureswhen
aJ^^ftAjflai others fall. Try him. Charges low.
(nrr«i;uarnntF<-d. Callorwrite.
Or. J. t'.«aECOS. Box l»s7.San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL. \
PH9H9SABIJ) SS - AUSTRALIA.
rsfifSfaS£, for Honolulu only
iffrnsiiW Tuesday, Jan. 25. at
m ™ L. i p. m. Special party
StWmSninc) The S.S. ALAMKDA
CylCQl!ljlilj/ wins via HONOLU-
• fnmfl?lr?U"» LU and AUCKLAND
VglllfKlKq* {£, SYDNEY. Thurs-
day. Feb. 3, at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPQ
TOWN. South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery Street.
Freight Office— 327 Market st- San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf Jvg&n
San Francisco, as follows: ■ *>P"^
For ports in Alaska, 9 a. m., Jan. 1, <*, ii. is.
21. 26 31. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. O, Port Town-
Fend, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes ana
New Whatcom (Belllngham Bay. Wash.), 9
a m Jan 1. 6. 11. 16, 21. 26. 31. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver
with C P. Ry.. at Tacoma with N. P. Ry-. at
Seattle with Great Northern Ry., and com-
pany's steamer for Alaska.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Po-
mona, 2 p. m., Jan. 1. 5. 10, 14. 18, 22. 26, 31.
Feb. 4. 8, 12. 16, 20. 25. 29.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Ca-
yucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavl-
ota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San
Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 a.m., Jan. 1, 5, 9. 13. 17, 21. 25. 29.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), U
a. m.. Jan. 3. 7. 11. 15, 19. 23, 27, 31, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Ro-
Falia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Jan. 6 and
Id of each month thereafter.
The Company reserves i the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery st. \
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
FOR. TL .A. 3ST D
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PA DP *5 First Class Including Berth
rAKC (50,50 2d Class and Meal *
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California, Jan. 3, 13, 23
Columbia Dec. 29. Jan. 8, 18. 3
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR, General Agent.
- 630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
— — -
Compagnie Generate Transatlantic*
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), iz North j^oa*
River, foot of I'orton st. Travelers <£3j?3!*Oi
by this line avoid- both transit by "■■■=■**
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class 1160,
second class (116.
LA BRETAGNE December 11, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE December 18. 10 a. m.
LA NORMA.VDIE December 25. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE January 1. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE January 8. 10 a. m
For further particulars apply to ■
A. FORGET. Agent,
No. 3, Bowling Green, New York.
T. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents. 6 Montgomery
are.. San Francisco. __
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St., at 6
• p. m," Dally.
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodation-) reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
ing through freight rates to all points on tas
Valley Railroad. ■ • • '
STEAMERS:
T. C. WALKER. J. D. PETERS, - v ' ' -^
MARY GARRATT, CITY. OF STOCKTON.
Telephone Main 805 Cat. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer " Monticello."
Hon.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat :
9:45 \i. m. and 3:15 p. in. (» p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays.... - 1 p. m.. 9 p. m.
Sundays ............. 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier i.
■ . Telephone Green 381.
For San Jose, ; Los Gatos & Santa Cm
■ Steamer Alvlso leaves Pier 1 daily (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alvlso daily (Saturdays
exceptid) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso. 50a:
to San Jose, 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 N«rt*
First street. San Jom.
78
NATIONAL
GUARD NOTES
Two Important Changes
That Have Attracted
Attention.
Separation of the Naval From
the Land Foree — A Re
tirement.
What May Be Done at Fresno if There
Is an Election for Colonel
of the Sixth.
The two events that have excited the |
attention of the members of the Na
tional Guard in this city during the i
past week have been the request of
Colonel 11. P. Bush, assistant adjutant- j
general of the division, and the order ■
from headquarters at Sacramento, dl- i
recting that hereafter the naval militia i
shall report direct to headquarters in- j
stead of through division headquarters, j
as in the pas;.
As to the first there has been since ]
the announcement of the fact that
Colonel Bush had requested to be re
lieved from the duties of the position,
considerable speculation as to what
prompted him to take such a step. The
colonel, when he was captain of Com
pany H of the old First Regiment In
fantry, proved an excellent officer and
brought his company to a standard of
excellence that excited the admiration I
of those who were interested in the |
guard, and it also excited the envy of ■
many whose companies were not up I
with H. As captain of the company he i
was a strict disciplinarian, and, as was j
remarked by one of the men of his !
command, when there was anything to
be done, the captain insisted that it ,
should be done according to law and :
regulations and it had to be done.
When he became lieutenant colonel of
the First it was not long before there
arose a spirit of antagonism against
him, not as a man, but as a soldier of
the guard, and there was a certain fac
tion of officers who would have pre
ferred to have seen some one else there, j
and that feeling became more mani- '
fest when he was chosen colonel of the j
regiment. As the chief officer of the
regiment he demanded the same com
pliance with rules and regulations and j
law that he demanded of his men in
Company 11. A neglect in the per
formance of duties called forth a rep- j
rimand which was not relished by j
those who were negligent, and while !
he was respected by reason of his po- j
tuition, he was not liked on account of ;
his insistence for a compliance with '
National Guard laws and usage. Then
when he was taken from the list and
detailed on the division staff as assist
ant adjutant-general many of those
who were inimical to Mm set up a cry
that if he was retained in that position
the majority of officers on the staff
would resign. He did remain and since
then there has been a number of
resignations. After he took office he I
carried out his methods of exactitude I
in the presentation of reports and !
everything that had to pass through
headquarters. In many instances re
ports that were not made out as re
quired by law and which might have
been overlooked by some, were sent
back two and three times until they
were in conformity with law, a matter !
which with a very little extra care I
could have been done in the first in
stance as in the last. This aroused the
indignation of those companies that by j
reason of delay were kept out of
money they were entitled to draw from
the State, and instead of trying to con
form with the plain rules laid down the
officers of these companies spent twice
as much time in "kicking" as it would
have taken to do what was required of
them in a proper manner, with the re
sult that they made it very uncomfort
able for the assistant adjutant-general.
In an interview Colonel Bush said that
his private business did not allow him
the time to attend to the duties of the
office as they should be attended to,
and that was why he decided to ask
to be relieved. It is true that the man
ner in which he conducted the affairs
at headquarters took up a great deal of
his time, for he personally attended to
all the details and did all the clerical
work, but it is generally believed that
he was prompted to act as he did be
cause there were more kicks than
honor in the place. Whatever may have
been the true inwardness of the matter
the fact remains that Major-General
Nathan T. James, division commander,
has been unfortunate with his staff,
being unable to keep it together.
Now as to the act of the command
er-in-chief in taking the naval militia
out of division headquarters that is the
outcome of a plan that has been a long
time maturing. When the organization
•was first started it was known as the
Naval Reserve, then it branched out
into the Naval Battalion, and as it
grew in strength there was a manifest
desire that while the organization
should be a part of the National Guard,
that it should be an independent branch
of the service, and the first open evi
dence of this was the change in the
law of March 11, 1597, when it was
designated as "the naval militia of the
National Guard of California." At first
it was supposed that in the haste of
legislation the word militia had been
unintentionally used for battalion, be
cause in another part of the same law
describing what the National Guard of
the State shall consist of are the words
" and live divisions of the naval
battalion," but there were some who
said "wait and you will see that the
'militia' will break loose from the bal
ance of the guard." That those parties
were correct is shown by the order
•which takes the naval militia out of
the jurisdiction of the division com
mander and creates two divisions of the
National Guard, namely the land force
and the naval force.
L. A. Dt-yoe elected first lieutenant
and F. S. Munn second lieutenant of
company B, Fifth Infantry, have been
ordered before the examining board.
The resignation of Captain W. S.
Winters of company D of the Seventh
Infantry has been accepted.
THE SECOND BRIGADE.
The companies of the First Regiment
and no doubt the signal corps and the
trop of cavalry will make a fine show
ing 1 in the parade on Golden Jubilee
day. At the meeting of the board of
officers of the First the matter was
discussed and the details for the par
ade were left to Lieutenant Colonel
Duboce. The men will parade in full
dress and the majors of the several
battalions are engaged in inspecting
the uniforms in order that they shall
be in proper condition for the big show.
As the day will be a legal holiday, and
the great majority of the members of
the regiment who are employed in
will not have to work that day,
it is expected that there will be a large
turn out of the membership of the regi
ment, and every effort will be made to
have that portion of the procession
7tiarte as imposing as possible.
There has been considerable activity
In the armories, the several companies]
holding business meetings and having
the first drill of the year.
There has been some talk of bringing
the companies of the Fifth Regiment
Infantry on Jubilee day to take part in
the military division of the parade, but
up to last Saturday Colonel Fairbanks,
commanding the regiment, had not re
ceived any advices as to that matter.
In order to take part in the parade the
companies of the regiment would have
to come from San Jose, Petaluma, San
Rafael, Santa Rosa, Oakland, Alameda
and Napa.
THE THIRD BRIGADE.
The signal corps of the Third Brigade
held its annual meeting on the evening
of the 4th inst. Various new commit
tees were appointed for the year, and
J. W. Gee was unanimously re-elected !
clerk of the corps.
The report of Lieutenant Fred L.
Martin, commanding the corps, shows
that it stands within one of its full
quota of one officer and twenty enlist
ed men; the report presents the corps'
work during the past year, an account
of its camp in Summit Valley, the oc
cupation of Diablo, Marysville Buttes.
Vacaville, Auburn, Elk Grove, Antelope
and other points as signal stations dur
ing the year, also other matters of in
terest to the corps. It is a very com
plete document and comprehensive as
well.
A suggestion by Second Sergeant
Watkins that the corps inaugurate a
series of bicycle field days met the
hearty indorsement of Major W. \V.
Douglass, signal officer of the brigade.
After the matter had been fully ex
plained it was decided that the corps
should hold its first field day on Sun
day next, when the members will go
out on bikes carrying flags, heliographs
and other signaling apparatus. As
Corporal Cosby is the only one of the
corps who has never ventured on the
silent steed he has been detailed, much
to his satisfaction, to attend to the
commissary wagon for that day. A
committee was named to select signal
stations and a "run" for the outing.
At the close of the meeting there
was an informal smoker, a short pro
gramme of song and music and a sol
diers' banquet. There were present at
the meeting Colonel John W. Guthrie
of the Second Infantry. Major Doug
lass and Scott F. Ennis, As
semblyman from Sacramento and
at one time a member of
the corps, and each of these spoke en
couragingly of the^orps, its work and
its prospects.
As predicted in this department the
contest for the lieutenant-colonelcy of
the Sixth Regiment of Infantry on
last Wednesday was an exciting one,
and it was long after midi:ight before
the decisive ballot was cust. As al
ready stated, the contest was a sec
tional one, for the reason that the
election of a lieutenant-colonel carried
with it the possibility of a chan
regimental headquarters if Colonel
S. S. Wright intends to carry out his
purpose of resigning In spring. If he
does then Lieutenant-Colonel Cook of
Stockton, who was elected after many
ballots by a majority of one, may be
chosen colonel, and he will remove th»>
headquarters from Fresno, at which
point they are now located, back to
Stockton, where they were for many
years prior to the election of Colon<*l
Wright about a year ago. But this
may be all upset, for Fresno wants to
retain the headquarters, and there is
a possibility that those who favor
Fresno will put in the field, in case
there is an election for colonel, a
member of the guard in opposition to
the lieutenant-colonel, who will be
favorable to maintaining headquarters
at Fresno.
THE NAVAL MILITIA.
It had been intended to tow the
Marion from Mare Isla*nd to this port
and after mooring her alongside of the
Oamanohe remove the stores and coal
from the monitor to the Marion, then
moor the last-named vessel to a b*Tth
at Folsom-street wharf. This idea
was, however, abandoned, and the Ca
manchH was towed up to the island and
there the transfer will b^> made, after
which the Muri<.n will steam down to
this harbor. Owing to the illness of the
Governor, who is commander-in-chief
of the land and the naval fortes, it has
been decided n«>t to bring the Marion
down until Jubilee week, as it is de
sired that the Governor should be on
board. After the vessel shall have been
docked all the material n<>w in the ar
mory on East street will be transferred
to the vessel.
Captain Turner, commanding the
Naval Militia, expresses himp-lf as
well pleased with the order that takes
the militia out of the Jurisdiction of
the division commander of the Na
tional Guard of this State. He ex
pressed the opinion that a commander
of land forces is not the proper person
to command a naval force, for the rea
son that a landsman is not up to the
requirements of a naval force. He is
of the opinion that in the National
Guard the land and the sea forces
should be as distinct as are the army
and the navy of the United States.
TRAFFIC MANAGER BURIED.
Services at tbe Late Residence ar>d
loterment at San Rafael.
The funeral of Richard Gray, late
well-known traffic manager of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
took place yesterday from his late
residence, 26 San Jose avenue. The in
terment was at San Rafael. There was
j a large attendance of the friends of the
deceased, many of whom had known
him for a long number of years. After
I the funeral services the body was
shipped to San Rafael, the interment
being private.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTFJ,.
J Dolan, Vallejo G H Carlson. Cal
Mrs Arnold, Berkeley H C Converse, Wash
Mrs Browning, S Jose L S Barnes, Redding
J Horse & w. Stocktn ] D X P Mitchell. Rede
W W Potts. P Alto |J M Selleclt & f,' Chcgo
J A Andrews. L Ang TR L Jones. St Louis
M A Nurse. Sacto j McKessick. Reno
FA Boole, Sander F D King. Reno
(1 dutch. Aiameda M Gundlach & w Md
B M Brown, Oakland .1 McDonald city
H L West. Cal R J Curry, Dixon
L Hart, Cal P H Morse, S L O
F J Taylor, Cal B T Booze & w, Cal
A H Conllsk. Stanford "E A Brem, Williams
Miss Cabpell, Ariz J: M Brown, Woodlnd
Mis Temple. Ariz W Curtis & \v. Sacto
R D Ludham. SL. O W C Good. S Rosa
H X McKenney & w.CI II A c abb. Oakvllle
A J Me Jones & w.Nev W Schaw, Sacto
T Toffle, NY C Jenkins, city
B F Reagen, Exeter C m lUnnon, Ukiah
BAIDWIN HOTEL,.
C H Field, San Jose IF Markell. Chlco
F Nugent, Antioch C Whlttermore, Napa
.1 H Essori, Chicago G Borfordji Chicago
W A Newton, Chicago! Maryellen RyaL. Irlnd
L. J Abrams. Hanford Kitty Edwards. Bostn
R Cohn, Suisun P Thiriey, Sacto
.T M Krrill. N V II Fuerner, San Jose
Mrs. B Conn. NY .1 Elliott. Oakland
E J Wagner. Mo M Arbuckle, N V
Ike Rosenthal, Stocktn W Collier. Mexico
L D Finnigan.wf &eh. MrsW Collier, Mexico
Boston Miss C Ebbertß.Mxlco
Saul T»te. 'r tO J ' H Ryley. Mexico
I D Hinds, Chico C Barton, Mexico
PALACE HOTEL.
C C Perkins. Bodie C B Frost. Boston
C E Potts. NY H Murphy. Omaha
L 3 Hamilton. Butte F Page, Mary.sville
S Rlplnsky. Alaska J G Cahn, Marysville
A C I £, n ? \ N, V Mrs J c, C a l,n. Marjsv
A 1! Klein, NY J R Too!,-. Mont
F .1 Reed. Idaho Mrs J It Tool.-, Mont
J TV Anchinvole. ldaho J Glemar. Oakonh
J D Ktamons. Butte C S Hardy. S Diego
Mrs J I) Stamons, Mt C F, Spaulding N J
Miss Renshaw. Butte Mrs C F Spauldinir NT
Miss Hyde. Butte G H Peck Jr. L An*
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J R Smith. Calistoga W Malrmev Suisun
W Floyd, Healdsburg M Mlakley; ' Or" In"
S Nicholson: Chicago C Naylor. Ashland
WMManor.Sta Clara! J McCarthy. Visalla
J Mulroy, N Orleans T Healy Fresno
I' 15 Hill, Marysville j W Cook B<?
C Fields. Oroville W N Willson Anirl«,rr.
W D Clausen. B C Wright Mont P
M Gleason. Stockton IWltMarks.- B LOW™
"Sir? Ferguson. San Jose 1C L Staple. Li verS
Mrs Johnson &dr,Scto' v 7 veri nore
To Cure a Cold irj One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets All
druggists refund the money if It fails to cure
25c. The genuine has.L. B. Q. on each tablet!
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1898.
BLAZING AT
THE BULLSEYE
Sharpshooters and Their
Beloved Sport at Shell
Mound.
All the Leading Clubs Engaged
in the Contest of
Skill.
Despite Handicap of Numb Fingers
Some Good Shooting
Done.
The rifle and pistol ranges at Shell
Mound presented yesterday the usual
scenes of animation which result from
a conclave of leading shooting clubs
for a contest in marksmanship. The
weather was favorable to the pur
poses in hand, so far as concerned
clearness of atmosphere and lack of
wind, but the low temperature which
prevailed as the day waned gave many
a marksman an excuse on the score of
numb digits for not doing better work.
The Independent Rifles shot their
monthly medal shoot, 200 yards range,
best out of fifty, with this score:
F. Hau, 41; J. H. Kuhlke, 40; Sergeant
C. Comback. 37; Corporal J. Mindermann,
16; E. P. Jacobson, 45: Corporal J. Stang,
is; C. Frederickson, 22; W. Lindechu, S>;
Sergeant O. Schneider, 8; C. llilsz, M;
Sergeant J. Schneider, 2S; C. J. Staude.
30; IV Schoenig, 20; Lieutenant J. fatauda
Jr., 40; Corporal W. Tinken, 7.
The Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club held
its regular monthly bullseye contest,
with points recorded for the participants
as follows: G. Schultz, 105; J. de Witt,
232; H. Meyer, 242; L. Hitzau, 303; O.
Lemke, 324; W. Gottschalk, 365; P. Koch,
413; J. D. Heise. 535; P. P. Schuster, 674;
J. Lankenau, Sl4; 11. Hellb.erg, 824; W.
arms, 831.
Company F. First Regiment, N. G. C,
made a showing as follows on the 200
yard range, best out of a possible 50:
Lieutenant Neppert, 34; Sergeants lver
son, 33. Cook. ■», Brown, '■'■'. Hawks, 34;
Corporals Doscher, 27, Raine, 23. Hawks.
22, Brust, 17. Fitzgerald, 33; Privates
Nathan. 20. Cleveland. 16, Payne, 28,
Shoup. 29, Irvinp, S6, Alpers, 30. Newman,
20, Willard. - . J'u Fresne, 20, Paul, 31,
Clark, 27, C v oimur, 33, Vanity, 29, Dever,
24.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club con
tests presented the usual Interesting fea
tures In the open rifle shoot at 200 yards
for the Bushnell medal the score was F.
O. Young 52— &5— 59; J. E. Gorman, 57; 1".
K. Mason, 61—57; Dr. Rwdgers, 66—71; A. |
B. Dorrrell. 0; D. W. McLaughlin. 67; A.
Btrecker, 75—75; a. Gehret, 98; K. Jacob
son, 74. In the championship class the i
score was: Dr. Rodgers, 7, F. E. Mason, '
69; D. V. . McLaughlin, 61; F. O. Young,
62; W. Strecker, 72; K. Jacobson, 94. First
class— A. B. Dorrell, 74; J. E. Gorman, 77;
A. Gehret, 66; G. A. Schultz, 96. Second
class— A. H. Cady, 115; A. Hinterman, 135.
Third class— E. Woenne, 110; Mrs. M. J.
"White. 125; C. F. Waltham, 136; W. F. I
Unfred, 150. In the pistol shoot, 50 yards,
the following scores were made: Cham
pion class— J. E. Gorman, 41; Dr. Rod
gers, 45: C. M. Dais. 74; If. J. White. 49;
A. B. Dorrell, 50; F. O. Young, 64 K.
Hovey, 67. First class— l>. W. McLaugh
lin, 54; F. E. Mason, 60; E. p. Jacobson,
76. Second class— Mrs. M. J. White. 64;
A. Hinterman, 74. Third class— A. H
Cody, 77: T B. P. Jonas. 125; W. F. Unfried,
126; A. Durla. 225. Ten-shot scores for
Blanding medal— C. If. Daiss — 10 •J. E !
Gorman, 41—42; A. B. Dorrell, 49; F. O
Young, 56.
Companies C and G, First Regiment, N.
<i «_., made the following scores on the
various ranges: Two hundr.-d" yards— A,
H. English, 36; H. J. Musgrave, 41; c. H.
?m? mi h -, 34'3 4 ' ?,• Nelson, S; J. P. Heilbron,
«jT. McGUvery, »• W. Ifenzel, ;>>: a.
Atkins, M: V. J. Anderson, 29; L. E. Bun
ner, 8; K. Held, 17; C. W. Mueller, 39; R.
C. Howe. 86; T. C. Bants, 21; P. J. Neu
mann. 37; C. F. Waltham. 44; C. J.
Weatherly, 39; A. Martin, 15; W. H. Shaw
o' « c - Norton ji 45: George Warner, 2S;
C. W. Bwasey. 37: W. R. Butler. 26; J. S
McCa.be, I:; P. E. Cosbie, 15; C. Meyer
4S; E. C. Batllffe, 43; W. H. Morris 22-
P. a. Larson, 39; J. N. Ross, 35; J. a
bristle, 38: LW. Grant, 32; a. h Ken
nedy, 38; Nathup. 4:;; J. B. Switzer 34-
C-& Hirst, 34; **• I/ Heron; C; 1;. Wili
Hams, £{,?*• *>*£?• is'i 5 ' T. 11. Armstrong.
%V J. Gillies, 36; W. F. Untried, 41; F. L
McNally.-41; G. J. Petty. 39; H. T. Hicks,
41. H. Denpen. 42; F. T. Carson. 42; a. b
Nielsen, M; A. K. Anderson. 36; F G
Poney, 40; J. Herrington, 16; J. W. Dum
brell. 40. Three hundred yards— H. J.
Musgrave. 35; J. F. Norton. 3S; C. Meyer
40; Captain C. Sutllffe. 37; J. P. Heilbron
23; William Mensel. 30; W. Unfried S3-
C. F. Waltham, 37; W - Shaw ' JJ;
C. P. Hirst, 30; P. J. Neumann. 33; J. X.
Ross 3.,- V. F. North. 33; J. B. Sweitzer,
31, A. N. Kennedy, 26; H. T Hicks 4<>-
F. L. McNally 23; a.' K. Anderson. 1 24-
H. Deppen. 29; F. J. Povey, 36; F F Carl
son. 34: Captain J. W. Dumbrell. 3S
Five hundred yards— ll. J. Musgrave. 43 :
J. Heilbron, 16; W. F. Unfried, 32; WIN
Ham Menzel, 40: C. P. Hirst. 26; J. F
Norton. 4U; F. P. Newmann, 38; W if
Shaw, 31; C. P. Waltham. 45; C Meyer
47; Captain Sutllffe. 37; J. W. Ross, 23 :
Bi lwit^e OOrO r r . th 33 r ? PFP F. 4 °F : . 11^^
The San Francisco Sehuetzen Verein
held it monthly medal shoot, resulting
as follows: The champion medal was
won by J. Utschig with 420 points. The
first and second classes did not fill
In the third class the medal was won
(finally) by H. Hellberg, 413. The
fourth class medal was won by E H
Goetze, 370. The best first shot medal
went to L. Bendel, and that for the best
last shot to F. P. Schuster, 25.
The Germania Sehuetzen Club, in its
regular monthly medal shoot awarded
its first prize of the first champion
class to John Utschig, 433. and second
to Dr. L. Rodgers, 432. In the second
champion class the first prize went to
L. Bendel, 412, and the second to H
Hellberg, 398. In the first class, first
prize went to F. Rust, 391, and second
to J. E. Klein, 373. In the second class
the first prize was earned by E. II
Goetze, 398, and the second by John
Tiedemann, 380. In the third class D
Salfleld won first with 328 and J. F.
Daly second with 315. The prize for the
best first shot went to F. B. Schuster,
24, and for best last shot to Dr. Rod
gers, 25. The first shoot of this year's
series for the $75 diamond medal and
cash prizes was also shot, with the fol
lowing score: F. P. Schuster. 210; J
Utschig, 215; L. Bendel, 213; D. B. Fak
tor, 212; Dr. Rodgers. 221: A. Strecker,
208; D. McLaughlin, 224; E. Goetz, 155-'
F. E. Mason, 215. • ■
THE CHINESE NEW YEAR.
Preparations Beir>g Made for Its
Celebration, but There is Doubt
as to Its Date.
There is considerable doubt in China
town as to when the Chinese New Year
begins, and on this account it is prob
able that the celebration will not be so
general as has been the usual custom
in years past. The merchants differ in
their ideas of the day, some claiming
that January 20andothers that the 21st
is the one to be celebrated, and from
information given out at the Consul's
house they are all wrong, and January
22 is the Chinese New Year's day.
The Consul has recently had some
correspondence with the Minister at
Washington in regard to the matter,
and the discovery has been made that
heretofore the wrong day has been cel
ebrated by the Mongolians, and the
correction will be made this year. In
China New Year's Day falls on the
22d for this year, and the effort is to
be made to have that day celebrated
by the Chinese all over the world.
Efow the mistake in the day came
about originally is hard to say, but
one explanation given is that the first
Chinese who came here became mixed
in their dates, perhaps on account of
the change in time between here and
China, and by oversight or neglect the
error was never remedied. In spite of
the fact that they are not quite sure
which day is New Year's the people
are making preparations for the holi
day, and the outcome of the muddle
will probably be that each individual
will celebrate on the day which he
thinks the proper one..
As yet no order has been issued from
the Chief of Police in regard to the
shooting of firecrackers, but it is
thought that form of celebration will
be permitted this year, although it was
prohibited last year. Everything seems
to be quiet among the highbinder so
cieties, and no rumor of trouble has
reached the ears of the police, so it is
expected that the holiday will pass
without any sensations.
RACING AT OAKLAND TRACK
One of the Best Cards of the
Season Offered Kace-
Goers.
The Oakland track will reopen this afternoon
with a strikingly attractive card. Six well
filled events are down for decision and two
stake afalrs tend to make it one of the best
programmes of the season. Several new East
ern horses making their first appearance will
make the guessing all the more uncertain.
First Race— Three-quarters of a mile: selling.
397 Coda 97 | 400 Kaiser Luriwig 103
397 Sorrow S3 L'7!> Don Fulano ...110
401 Alma 94 388 Heidelberg ... .107
339 Highland Ball. 92 Ms- Our Climate ...107
399 1 Don't Kn0w. .107, 351 Coupon 111 96
314 D. J. Tobin 96 <165) Howard 107
323 Button 107 1 332 Outgo 103
£22 Fat Murphy ...103; 291 Una Colorado . 99
(S?.)Tors!on 107 286 Mrs. Shade ....94
326 Dly Racing Fin Ss! 39S Charles A 99
Second Race— Eleven-sixteenths of a mile.
33S Bellicoso ... . 120 379 Aluminum .. ..101
.. .Chihuahua .. 101 346 Mistleton 104
88 I,<>rr:tu II 115: is 1 ". Spt McAllister 120
... Don't Skip Me. lll' 306 Castake 101
199 Colonial Dame. 99' 327 Lucky Star ....113
(3M)san Venado ...104 326 Little T. a 99
... Hlarney Stone 104 160 Mahogany .. ..117
200 February mi
Third Race— and an eignth miles; selling.
127 Widow Jones .93 37S Mamie ■ Scott .. M
IN Palomacita ... 90 400 Marcel 95
316 Thelma 90
Fourth Race— California Maiden Stakes;
purse, $1000; six furlongs; 3-year-olds.
199 Bow and ArrowlOS ... liavllette 117
i<lie Jones ...122 320 Flanks 112
33C Svbaris i.r> ... Omelta 117
(JWCatawba 12» 303 Bodacia 117
F;:th Kacf— Golden Gate Stakes; purse, $1000;
Se««B furlong!-; all ages.
... Dunois ml tgftPr. Sharp 99
ista Water .100 <3M)San Venado ... 92
201 CoL Wheeler . 187 ■ • El R;irbarino .. 94
(408)Fieur de Lis....loSi 307 Bonnie lone ... 92
Palatine ... 9>» 373 Key del Diablo. lo9
:suma 117
Sixth Race— One mile; selling; 4-year-olds and
upward.
361 Polish 107 402 Stentor 97
(31S)Sly ioo (402)Hy Thoburn ..101
335 Swt Faverdale 10S 402 Hazard .. .....107
332 Serena 109 406 Benamela .. ..105
408 Schiller 105; 349 Alahabad 107
(364) Bernardino .. .106 (35S)Perseus 107
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Sorrow, Daily Racing Form,
Highland Ball.
Second Race— Blarney Stone. Colonial Dame.
San Venado.
Third Race— Thelma. Palomaclta, Mamie
Scott.
Fourth Race— B. &W. Stable. Catawba, Rav
ilette.
Fifth Race— Fleur de Lis. Dr. Sharp. B. & W.
Stable.
Sixth Race— Sweet Faverdale, Serena, Ber
nardillo. 894f
FULTON G. BERRY SALE.
Superbly Bred Hackneys to Be
Sold by KiMip & Co.
To-Day.
Lovers of the carriage horse should
bear in mind that th.; big sale of
grandly bred hackneys, mares and
geldings, from the extensive establish
ment of Fulton G. Berry, Fresno, Cal.,
takes place to-day at 11 A. IL. at the
salesyard of Killip & Co., Market street
and Van Xess avenue.
The animals to pass under the ham
mer are the get of imp. Paragon and
each one is broken single, double and
four-in-hand, as well as being well in
structed in saddle 1 11 IT Inn They are
toppy, well gaited horses and it is
claimed gentleness is their distin
guishing feature, making them safe for
any purpose Nine in all will be dis
posed of and a most successful sale is
predicted.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
6^l McAllister street; opea until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
S.W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets:
open until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
1518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock
1605 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
MW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
6treets; open till 9 o'clock.
MEETIXO NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal _T~
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. .. J__
Installation. H. G. PRINCE. T_ _f
Secretary. /V'
KING Solomon's Lodge. No. 260. F. a
and A. M., Franklin Hall. 1539 Fill-_-\_
in. .re st., First Degree THIS tMoN-TCjf
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By/^rN
order of the Master.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. an.l A. M "2
Called meeting THIS DAY (MONDAY), £\
January Ju. IS9S, at 7:30 o'clock V. M. V V
Deg. 2. By order of the W. M. /V>
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, 1. O. .»____*"
O. F.. MONDAY EVENING. Jan-
nary 10. Installation of officers JftlßVg
for ensuing term. '^/H\v^-
P. J. MILLET. N. G.
EINTRACHT Spar and Bau Vereln— The
17th series is now open and subscriptions
for shares will be received by the secretary
on MONDAY and TUESDAY. January 10
and IL from 7 to 10 o'clock P. M.. at
Eintracht Hall, 237 Twelfth St.; shares $100,
monthly payments. Jl per share; interest
8 per cent, no premium.
• F. HUFSCHMIDT. President.
HENRY GILLE. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— annual
meeting of the stockholders of the California
Dry Dock Company will be held at the ofnee
of the company. No. 202 California st., San
Francisco, on Monday, January 10. 1898, at 11
clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and for the transaction • of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
AS. W. HART, Secretary.
Office— 302 California st., room 3.
San Francisco, Dec. 27. 1897.
DUTCH Mining and Milling Company— The
regular annual meeting of the stockholders
of the Dutch Mining and Milling Company
will be held at the office of the company,
Which offlce Is now temporarily situated at
No. 219 California street. City and County of
San Francisco, State of California, on MON-
DAY, the 17th day of January. • IS9B, at the
hour of two o'clock p.m. on said day for the
purpose of electing a board of directors for
the ensuing year, and also for the transaction
of such other business as may be brought be-
fore the, meeting. Transfer books close Tues-
day, January 11th. IS9S, at 3 o'clock p. m. •
GEORGE W. GERHARD. Secretary.
Dated San Francisco, January 6th, 1898.
ANNUAL meeting— regular annual meet-
Ing of stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Co. will be held at the office of the com-
pany. 327 Market st., San' Francisco. Cal..
on Friday, the 21st day of January. IS9S, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose
of electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books will close on MONDAY,
January 10, at 3 o'clock p. m.
■ E. H. SHELDON, Secretary. '
Tin: annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Realty Syndicate will be held at the office
of the corporation, 14 Sansome st. room 15.
San Francisco, at 3 o'clock on THURSDAY.
January 20. 189 S. to elect directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and f6r the transaction
of such other business as may come before
the meeting. J. C. WINANS. Secy.
THE regular annual meeting of the San Fran-
cisco Ladles' Protective and Relief Society
will be held at the "Home," Franklin street,
between Poet and Geary, Thursday, . January
12. IS3S. at 2 p. m.
ALICE BROWN. Recording Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Spring Valley Water Works will be held at
. the office of the company. No. 126 Stockton
st.. San Francisco, at 12 o'clock, noon, on
WEDNESDAY, the 12th day of January. 1898,
to elect trustees to nerve for the ■. ensuing
year, and for the transaction ■of such " other
business as may come before the meeting.
PELHAM W. AMES, Secretary.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
THE Secretary of the Protestant Orphan Asy-
lum of San Francisco herewith giyes notice
that the following orphan and half orphan
girls and boys have been admitted at the in-
stitution on Haight St. from July 1, 1897, to
Jan. 1, 1898: Rachel Crossley, 12 years; Neva
Crossley, 10 years: Eva Crossley, 2 years;
Etta Lithgow, 13 years; Sophie Semler, 13Vi
years: Emma Shoebridge, 11 years; Emeline
Burket, 5 years; Hilda Burket. 2 years: Lou-
isa Potts. 7 years; Minnie Potts, 4 years; Jes-
sie Potts. 3 years; Delma Cottrell, 8 years;
Lillie Borkman. 7 years: Annie Peterson, 13
years; Mabel Peterson, 3 years; Frank Mc-
K.;in, 2 years; Edward Burket, 9 years; Fred-
erick Berket, 8 years; Carl F. Berg, 11
years; David Cottrell, 10 years; George Bock-
man, 8 years; Albert H. Smith, 4 years.
PRACTICAL ship draughtsman and builder
open f->r engagement; designs, calculations,
all information supplied to persons about to
build Yukon steamers. Draughtsman, 362 3d.
ABANDONED children in St. Joseph's Infant
Asylum from July 1, 1898, to December 31,
18S7: John Carey, 4 years; Frank Carey, 5
years; August Collins, 3 years; Walter Con-
nolly, 4 years; Eddie Fallon, 5 years- Alice
Fallon, 3 years; Josie Stack, 5 years; Mary
Stack, 3 years; John Sullivan. 5 years; Frank
Sullivan. 3 years; Edith Gallagher, 5 years-
Bell Gallagher, 4 years.
THE orphans and half-orphans admitted into
St. Francis' Girls Directory Orphan Asylum
since July 1, 181*7. to January 1, 1&98, are as
follows: Orphans— Mary Briseno, ag» 13-
Celia Briseno, age 8; Bertha Symon, age 5
Half-orphans— MarceHa Matthews, age 7-
Frances Matthews, age 6; Adela Dobrogoiska,
age 13; Victoria Dobrogoiska, age 10; Mirtle
Kelly, age 9; Bessie Kelly, age 7; Ida Kelly,
age fi; Minna Kirby, age 5; Jennie Kirby, age
2; Ella Hiley, age 12; Frances Camella, age
6; Maggie McGlade, age 11. Boys— William
Kelly, age 5; George Kirby, age 7; George
Lee, age 2; John McGlade, age 8; Frank Mc-
Glade, age 7.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake st., San Francisco,
Cal., has received the following orphans and
half-orphan girls from Sept. 30 to Dec. 31,
1597: Catherine Gomas, aged 5 years 6
months; Ella Gfmas, ajred 3 years 1 month;
Pearl Lavin, aged 12 years 8 months; Harriet
Frances Lee, aged 7 years; Frances Follis,
aged 7 years 5 months.
MM!'. HAN'SEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MRS. DR. FISH. 101V4 Grant aye., rm. 2; elec-
trician: alcohol. Turkish baths; unrivaled.
ROOMS whitened from $1 and papered $2 60 up.
239 Third st.
JNO. HULTHEN, electro-magnetic massage
treatments; alcohol baths. 8 Mason st.
MRR STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 12O«* Geary St.. room 11.
BAD tenants ejected for *4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO-. 415 Montgomery St.. room 6; tel. 5580.
615 LARKIN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
scriptions and v.-ant ads taken.
I)IVIDKM> NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Savings and Loan Society
101 Montgomery atreet, corner of Sutter. The
Board of Directors declared a dividend for
the term ending December 31. 1897, at the rate
of four (4) per cent per annum on term de-
posits and three and one-third (3 1-3 per cent)
per annum on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, and payable on and after Monday,
January 3, 1893.
CTRUS W. CARMANT. Cashier.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
fr-f.
SITUATIONS WANTED—FEMALE.
BWKDIBH nurse. !>.-st of reference, desires a
situation. J. F. CROSETf & CO., 816 Sutter.
S'WHDISH housegirl; good cook and house-
Worker; best ■ ( references; 4 years last place.
MRS. NORTON, S2i Sutter st.
AT the Swedish and German Employment Bu-
rt-au a number of first-class girls awaiting
situation-.. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
Tel. Green 721.
NEAT young girl desires situation at cook-
tnsr or housework, $10 to $13, up. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter.
COMPKTKNT woman wishes situation to do
general housework in American family; good
cook; city or country; wagts, $li; state the
number in the family. Address box 514, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a Danish girl; general
bOMMWork e;tlier steady or by the day; must
attend night school ; wages no considera-
tion. Address box 010. Call.
EXPERIENCED Danish laundress wants work
by the ,iay in private families. 17 Washing-
ton aye., bet. Mission and Howard.
IOUNQ girl wants a situation to assist in a
small hotel or take care of children; city
or country. Call or address 312 Seventh st.
XOUNO lady desires a housekeeper's place;
city or country. 126 Fourth St., room 23,
second floor.
HOUSEWORK wanted by a middle-aged wo-
man; understands it thoroughly. Call 912
Howard st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishea a few
more enflldMß ts: prices moderate. Ad-
dress IMI Market St., room 19.
STK< >NG German girl wants a position as
t .<>k or housework, city or country; speaks
English. A. V., 207 Montgomery aye., r. J."..
EXPERIENCED French girl wishea situation;
first-class cook or housekeeper: city or
country; best references. 137S Sacramento.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day,
.ing. cleaning or nursing. Call at 933
Howard st.
GOOD laundress would like to do washing or
any kind of housework by the day. Box 499,
Call Office.
FIRST-CLASS Cook wishes a situation; can
give beat Oakland references. Apply at 31S
Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
WOMAN desir.s work l.y the day. 563 Mis-
sion st.
YOUNG woman likes situation as' housekeeper.
Call or address 214 O'Farrell st.. room 2.
Gool. woman wanta a poatttoa U ■■■ !- and
housekeeper. Address box 470, Call office.
AN accomplished Enßlish lady desires posi-
tion as useful companion to a lady or care of
ehildien; French. German, music: moderate
salary; excellent references. BOX 47i. Call.
FIRST i 'Lass MamitUlM desires position in a
family; good cutter and fitter; no objection
to the country. Address box 47.".. this office.
WANTED-I "ressinaking by the day In famll-
l.-s; satisfaction guaranteed. MISS FITZ-
PATRICK. 1518 California st.
competent -.\ man w__ «• position In small
American family to do housework and cook-
ing; 120 t ■ 12". BOX 47t>. Call office.
WANTED -Poaitloa as housekeeper by a quiet
domestic lady; good cook and manager; take
entire charge of home; small country town
preferred; references given and required. Ad-
dress MRS. E. S.. box 33, Fruitvale. Cal.
LAUNDRESS wants steady places for Wednes-
days and Thursdays each week; Jl 25 per
day. Address MILS. H., 142 Juniper st.
YOUNG Eastern woman wants a place as
housekeeper; no objection to country. 223
Post St., room 1.
GERMAN woman with child wishes position
as housekeeper or ranch cook; city or coun-
try. Box KM. Call.
DRESSMAKER, good cutter and fitter, would
like a few more engagements by the day.
Call or address 14<W P.. lk st.
COMPETENT laundress and housecleaner, with
best references, wants work by the day;
terms Jl. USH Stockton st.
RESPECTABLE lady with little girl wishes
situation as housekeeper: city or short dis-
tance in country. Call before 12 o'clock. H_tA
Eddy st.
LADY wishes housekeeper's place or sewing by
the day. .Call 13H Fourth St.. room 10.
ELDERLY American lady, with little girl 12
years old, wishes position as housekeeper.
Call or address 1031 Natoma st.
TWO young girls wish positions as governesses
in country town. Call Monday at 179 Minna,
MOTHER and daughter for the same house;
mother pood cook and manager; daughter
second, work or care of children; best ref.
223 Valencia.
LADY barber would like position In Oakland.
Call at 567 Alice street, Oakland, between
1 and 3 p. m.
STRONG colored woman would like to do
ehamberwork in a hotel, or general house-
work must sleep home. Please call at 29
Ritch St.. bet. Folsom and Harrison, Third
and Fourth.
WIDOW wishes position as housekeeper or will
do sewing and mending at home. Call 116
Sixth St., room 6.
YOUNG lady desires position as typewriter;
no objection to country. 207 Post St., rm. 7.
YOUNG lady wants a place as housekeeper;
no objection to the country. 122 Post st.,
room 10.
REFINED young college girl would like to be
companion to wealthy lady; no objection to
traveling-. Address box 464, Call office.
YOITNG lady of refinement desires a place as
housekeeper, or will do plain mending. Room
6. 1007 Market st.
YOUNG girl desires position as. typewriter or
bookkeeper. Call 131 Taylor st.. room 2.
BY first-class housekeeper; best of references
A. N.. box 448. Call office.
YOUNG lady from the South wishes position as
housekeeper. Call 207 Post St., rooms 1 and 2.
NURSE — Sick or confinement nurse desires en-
gagements. Box 431. Call office.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
YOUNG lady desires a permanent place as
housekeeper: speaks German, Spanish and
French languages. 11l Geary St., room 2.
YOUNG lady desires steady employment as
typewriter. 1015 Market st.. room 17. 2d floor.
YOUNG German girl desires a place as house-
keeper. Call 118*4 Ellis st.. room 22.
1«7 NINTH st.— Branch office of The Call;
subscriptions and want ads taken.
YOUNG lady desires position as housekeeper.
Call room 2. 214 O'Farrell st.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress, good fitter,
sews GO cents a day or $2 50 a week. M. W.,
box 410, Call office.
YOUNG woman desires a place as house-
keeper. Call 1104 Mission, near 7th, room 10.
YOUNG German lady desires position as
housekeeper. 112 Taylor St., room 7.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of the CalL Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED-MALK
CHINESE and Japanese; estab. 20 years; help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE employment office; work day, hour
or evening. 122% O'Farreirst. ; tel. Davis 605.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office
Best help. 30 Geary st. Tel. Grant 66.
HUNTER & CO.. Chinese and Japanese emp.
office. 614>4 California St.; tel. Main 231.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment office;
best help. 414^ O'Farrell. Tel E. 428.
GERMAN, 27 years old, speaks good English,
wishes work of any kind; has had experi-
ence waiting, driving, porter, etc. Box 612,
Call Office.
GOOD VIOLINIST, experienced in orchestra
work, wants position as second; wages at
first no object. Box 511, Call Office.
EXPERIENCED custom shoemaker, fine re-
pairer, wants steady place, either city or
country. 3465 Twenty-sixth st.
WANTED— Position of any kind by a boy 16
years old, living with parents; worked in
tea store. Address 534 1 , i Harrison st.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class florist
and gardener: best of references given. Z.
8., box 14, Call Office.
CHINESE cook, first class, wants situation;
small washing, cooking; city or Oakland.
610 Vi Dupont St., San Francisco.
SITUATION wanted— German gardener, with
best local references and 15 years' practical
experience in all garden work, wishes situa-
tion in private place. Address box 440, Call.
YOUNG man wishes a position as ranch fore-
man: has 15 years' experience; can furnish
good references. Address W. C. COLES, Ahl-
born House, city.
POSITION as watchman around a bank or
store; will give $160 security and references.
Address box 437, Call office.
BY young man (German), to wash dishes, as-
sist in cooking, saloon or other work: city or
country. Address H. VIELITZ, 136 Sixth St.,
room 11.
YOUNG man , place in restaurant or hotel aa
pantry-boy; speaks French and English. Box
433, Call Office.
WANTED — Situation as porter or waiter by
an Englishman; best of references. Address
H. GAYLER, 283 Thirteenth st.
339 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FIRST-CLASS paperhanger and painter, hav-
ing a complete outfit of ropes, etc., wants
work. 1302 Webster st.
COLLEGE graduate desires few pupils to
teach in private families; English in all
branches, mathematics, etc. ; terms reason-
able; hours to suit pupils. Address Teacher,
297 Pacific st.
JAPANESE boy wants a situation as school-
boy. ITO, 22 Prospect place.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c to $1 50 per night:
Tl 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respect-
able; free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
61 r . LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Suhsrriptions and want ads taken.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
HAMBERMAID, $7 week; colored chamber-
maid, $0 week; 5 waitresses, country hotels,
$15 and $20; 3 chambermaids, assist waiting,
$15 and $20; 4 restaurant waitresses $20
and $20 and $5 and $6 week; second girl and
laundress, $20; 3 German and Protestant
nurses, $25 and $2o; 4 cooks, German style, $25
and $30, and girls of all nationalities for
cooking and housework. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— HoteI help for the following places:
Waitress for Santa Cruz, $20: fare paid.
Waitress for Monterey, $20; fare paid.
Waitress for Pacific Grove, $20; fare paid.
Waitress for Marysville, $22 50; fare paid.
Waitress for Sacramento, $20.
Waitresses for Sen Jose, Hanford and Sac-
ramento, $20.
2 Waitresses, same country hotel; $20 each;
fare, $1 50.
2 Chambermaids, assist waiting: $20: fare, $1.
I'liambermaid; no waiting; country hotel; $20.
4 Restaurant waitresses; check work, $6 a
week.
3 Restaurant waitresses; sleep horn»; $25.
5 Hotel waitresses; different city places; $20.
C. R. HANSEN &. CO., 108 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED ironer for hotel laundry; $25.
board and room. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st.
GERMAN second girl, with reference, $25; 4
German housei?irls, $25; 17 housegirls. city
and country, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st.
NEAT young girl, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
COOK, $3.'; 2 second girls, $25 and $20; 15
housework girls, city and country, $20 and
$::.; 6 young girls, assist, fIQ to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, $25. MISS CL'LLEN, 325 Sutter st.
RKFINED German girl, 1 child, 4 years old,
$20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
WAITRESS, sleep home, $.18. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter.
COOK. $30. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, $15; restaurant waitress,
$6 per week. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
LA IN DRESS, $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
GIRL, Golden Gate aye., $20; girl. Alameda,
QB; 3 second girls, $20; girl,, family of 3, Sac-
ramento, $20; 2 girls. Baker St., $20; girl,
Pine st., *20; girl, Broderick sU, $20; girl,
family 3, San Rafael. $20: girl, Jackson st.,
$20; girl, Eddy st., $20; girl, Sonora, CaK, $20,.
se.e- party here; 3 girls. Berkeley, $20 to $2.'>; 23
girls, $1,".; 27 young girls, $8, $10 and $12 per
month; 13 German, 9 Swedish and 6 Danish
gills. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market St.
6 WAITRESSES, city. $20 and room; 3 wait-
resses, »is and room: 1C waitresses, $15 and
room; 10 chambermaids and wait, $15 and
room; 4 chambermaids and wait, $20 and
room; S waitresses, $5 a week; 12 girls, small
restaurant. $3 to $4 a week; waitress, Visa-
lia; waitress, Sonora; waitress, Colusa'
waitress. Madera: 3 waitresses, Oakland'
MARTIN & CO., 749 Market st.
SECOND girl. $30; cook, $25; house girl, 2 in
family. $2r>; German house girl, $20, no wash-
ing; middle-aged woman, $20; young girl, $10
to $12; cook. Oakland. $30; second girl. Oak-
land. 520. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter Bt.
RANCH Cook, $25; woman, light housework
family of 3, $15, Antioch; 8 housegirls for the
city at $15; 10 young girls to assist, $10 to $12-
chambermaid, $15: housekeeper, $20 • cook'
Oakland, $30; 6 middle-aged women, country'
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st. country.
SECOND girl, $25: cook, $25: housegirl 2 in
family, $25: German girl, $20, no washintr
MRS. NORTON, 323 Geary st. »*sning.
WANTED— Neat girl to assist in waiting
chamber work. etc.. in nice hotel near city'
very nice and steady place at $20 per month :
fare paid if required. W. D. EWER & Co.!
6*.6 Cl&y.
WANTED— Cook for nice family of two per
sons near city; no washing; reference re-
CO.;*ffi6 Clay mm ° nth ' W ' D ' EWER &
REFINED North German girl or woman as
companion to lady, country; references rS
quired, middle-aged woman.' working house-
ke !? er i.J l2: h ° usew girls, country $15
and $20; waitresses, $20. MURRAY A
wfcily' g Leading EEnm nt M Agenfsf 63*
J^^^^JO^^foV^t." 1 - 0 --
WANTED— 4O waitresses for tourist hotels In
Southern California, $20 to $25 pcr •month
etc.; also 50 first-class housegirls $15 ?? o n s£'
MFI Tr& r°FK sp ? ndel i cc solicited. HUM:
MEL BROS. & CO., Los Angeles.
CHAMBERMAID, $20. HOTEL GAZETTE.
,^ t Frencn <»• German girl for
upstairs work wait on table and sewing:
reference required. 1640 Pine Bt., between
10 and 12 or 5 and 6.
TEI ToU ? g: girl for general housework
and cooking, m country town. Call at 1709
?n^ n yOUD ? eM for "PStalrs work, sewing
™* C r»l, O I f -.,? r £ v. chUclren; German prefer-
red. Call 1,24 Bush st. bet. 9 and 11 clock.
G R r^ AN r ,S?, S ?' edlsh Kirl for general houso-
work and plain cooking-. Apply 1409';, Fol-
som St., near Tenth.
GIRL ; WANTED— General housework and as-
l iS ™ £ a r ? c °L baby - Apply between 9 and 12
a. m.. 2211 Gutter St. . " ,
WANTED for " general housework expert
£. n< ;f d »5! rl: German cooking; small family.
Call 2197 Devisadero »t., near Clay.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— Young, willing girl for upstairs
work; sleep home. 2520 Valle.io st.
WANTED— Good girl of 15 years to take ca.o
of children; $5 a month; good home. 66
Minna st. t
GIRL for general housework in small German
family; $15._Apply_3401 Geary st.
GOOD girl for cooking and general house-
work; $20; 3 in family. Call. 836 Union st.
GIRL or middle-aged woman for housework.
716 Green st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. 142S
Laguna st.
WANTED— A young girl to care for child S
years old. Apply 1522 Geary_st.
GIRL to do~cooking and housework; Alameda.
Apply to-day, bet. 1 and 4, jm^Post st. ta. F.
YorXG girl for general housework and cook-
ing; call morning. 1628 Sutter^
WANTED— An experienced cook with refer-
ences; apply forenoons. 2202 Jackson.
GIRL to assist in light housework and care of
baby. 737 Pine st.
GIRL for general housework, small family;
must have reference. 2140 Post st
GIRL to help in bakery: sleep at home. 1713
Leavenworth.
WANTED— A girl to assist in general house-
work. 737 McAllister, near Octavia.
GIRL for light housework; good home. 331
Post st. ___ .
GIRL for housework, American family of 2,
$20; second girl, $15. 721 Ellis.
724 POST— Wanted a neat girl for general
housework; wages $15.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on vests, also ap-
prentice. 956 Mission.
ELDERLY lady to assist with children;
small wages. 122 Perry st.
WANTED— MiddIe-aged woman for light
housework. 317% Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— Experienced knitters on the Lamb
system: also some apprentices for sewing,
finishing and knitting. Apply at 412 Polk st.
FRENCH second girl wanted; call from 8 to
12. 1436 Post st.
GERMAN girl for general housework and
cooking. 419 Oak st.
WETNURSE wanted at 1500 Golden Gate aye.
Apply at once.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on pants. Call at 1003
Clay st., near Powell.
GERMAN girl for light housework; no cook-
ing; wages $8. 32 Sixth St., bakery.
EXPERIENCED woman to take entire charge
as working housekeeper: small family ;must
be good cook; Protestant preferred. Call
Monday bet. 9 and 12, 4118 Van Ness aye.
MARRIED couple to take care of 2 children in
exchange for room; Scandinavian preferred.
1143 Point Lobos aye.
WANTED — Experienced operators on men's
fancy flannel and white shirts; also a lim-
ited number to sew on buttons; will also
take a few inexperienced for instruction.
Standard Shirt Factory, cor. Gough and
Grove sts.
LADIES In trouble consult DR. SMITH. 150S
Market St., 1 to 4, 7 to 8 p. m.
THE McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School is the best place to learn; Mechanics'
Fair diploir.a; patterns cut 25c up. 103 Post.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist, 1118 Market
st. ; monthly troubles, etc. One visit sufficient.
300 OPERATORS on steam sewing machines,
to make Lev! Strauss & Co.'s riveted cloth-
ing. Apply at once to MR. DAVIS, Super-
intendent, ZlVz Fremont st.
LOT of uncalled-for shoes from 25c up to $1 !&.
562 Mission St.. bet. First and Second.
LADIES' shoes, soleing. 85c, men's shoes, sole-
ing, 50c.; all repairing done at half the usual
price. 562 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d.
OPERATORS on flannel overshlrts and under-
wear; inexperienced hands taken and taught.
Lev! Strauss & Co., 321% Fremont st.
LAWRENCE Dress-Cutting School. 1079 Mar-
kei st. ; a perfect fit guaranteed without try-
ing on; call and be convinced.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ad? taken.
MALE HELP AVASTED.
WANTED— Potter on white ware; oil sales-
man; good commission; miner, $3 day; office
and errand boy, $7 r>o month and found:
American butter maker, $35; 3 coal miners by
ton; oysterman and waiter, $35 and $40; res-
taurant cook, country, $25 and found, and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
628 Sacramento st.
55 LABORERS -
$2 per day, 5 months steady job, no lost time,
for a bank trust syndicate, see one of the di-
rectors at our oflire to-day; 10 farm hand:..
$23, $20 and $15; 3 choreboys and men; 1J
woodchoppeis; 15 tiemakers; trunk maker;
photographer; 25 families to cut wood. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St., Lead-
ing Employment Agents. Tel. SS4S Main.
MACHINIST for sawmill. $35 and found: mill
man as turner to run band saw and shaper
machine; 3 wire nail operators; 6 pruners,
different places. JrtUi-iRAY & READY. Lead-
Ing Employment Agents, 634 and K!8 Clay st.
IRONER, fare paid. $35 and found, St. Clair
machine; 4 waiters. $25 and $20: 3 cooks;
baker for hotel. MURRAY & READY, Lead-
Ing Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay St.;
phone SS4S Main.
3 BAKERS' helpers, $12 to $20 per month: bak-
er, $30 per mo. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market.
GEO. AHELL, dishwasher, please call MAR-
TIN & CO., 749 Market st.
COOK, $10 a week; cook, $9 a week; 3 cooks,
$7 and $8 a week: 2 night cooks; 3 cooks'
helpers, $5, $6 and $7 a week. MARTIN &
CO.. 749 Market st.
4 WAITERS, $7 a week; 3 waiters $6 a week;
waiter, oyster house, $35: waiter, $30 and
room; waiter, $25 and room. MARTIN &
CO., 749 Market st.
3 RANCH hands, $15 to $20 per month; man do
work in a nursery. MARTIN & CO., 749 Mar-
ket st.
FIRST-CLAPS bread baker, $50; short-order
cook, $40: fry cook, $8 a week. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 10S Geary st.
SIX coal miners by the ton; 1 woodchopper,
$1 25 a cord; 3 farmers, $20. C. R. HAXSEV
& CO., 108 Geary st.
WANTED— PIain tailor for an Institution, $11
to $20 per month and good home. W. D.
EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED — Woodsman for redwood logging
near city to help saw, etc., $20 and board,
job all winter; 2 men to chop 4-foot oak
wood near city, $1 40 per cord, half tools
free, cabin on ground: also farmers, milkers,
cooks, waiters and dishwashers; cook for
ranch, $20, and others. W. D. EWER & CO..
626 Clay st.
4 IRISHMEN for lumber yard, country, $26 and
board; hotel butcher and slaughterer for Ne-
vada, $35 and found, half fare paid; nursery-
man and vegetable gardener for Nevada;
man to run Challner shingle machine, $70
and board; man to graft vines. R. T. WARD
& CO., 608-610 Clay st.
WANTED — French or German cook, $S0; sec-
ond cook, country, $35: waiter, short order
house, $35: waiter, first-class hotel, $30;
driver for manufacturing company, $iio; dish-
washer, $20, etc. ANDRE'S, 308 Stockton st.
SHIP carpenters and sailors, coast and Hono-
lulu, at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— Machinist that can do blacksmith
■work and fireman. 71S Third st.
GOOD young shoemaker. 3004 Mission st.
2 CARPENTERS at 173 California aye; come
early and bring tools.
CARPENTER to do plain work for room rent!
102S Market st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 1333 Market st.
BARBER wanted, steady work. 1233*6 Fol«
som st., near Ninth.
BARBER wanted— None but first-class need
apply. 1333 Market, corner Tenth.
WANTED— WaIter. 620 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Short order cook. 427 Larkin st.
BARBER shop for sale; 8 chairs. 779 Market.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height.
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting office, 20 Kllis st., San Francisco.
CaK *
WANTED— A sheep ranch manager; the ranch
is large and centrally located; grain and hay
are products; manager must be experienced
and a good business man; none others need
apply, and advertiser will not undertake to
answer all letters; state age, experience and
qualifications, family, if any, etc. Address
Box 4118. Call Office.
WANTED— Scandinavian boy, aged 13 or 14*
Call nursery. Haight and Fillmore sts.
PIPE organ builder wanted. THOMAS W~
WHALLEY, near Ashby station, Berkeley.
WANTED— An expert cutter on ladies' tailor-
ing, to gi^ instructions on Sundays Ad-
dress W. S.. box 9, Call office, Oakland.
WANTED— An experienced city salesman.
BrownstoneJVV^ne Company, 331 Ellis st.
B. SIMON wants 100 men to~set~bottle beer
or wine, Be; beit free lunch. 613 Clay st.HELP WANTED— C onttnned.
WANTED— An experienced valet, who also un- 1
demands a butler's duties. Address, giving
recommendations, box 402. Call office.
ROSEDALE House. lFl~Ellis— Roome 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths. .
SAILORS ana ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
2000 pairs shoes— Another lot of men's shoes;
been slightly damaged; at less than one- 9
fourth their value; from 25c to $2 50. 562
Mission st., bet. First and Second sts.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764% Mission; !
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per !
.night; 60c, Wk- and $1 per week.
WINCHESTER House, m Third St., near j I
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-room- ■
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ;
MEN'S solelng, 50c; ?adies', 40c; while you
wait. S3S Market; branch, 767 Market.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
fice. S. FUCHS, Sec... 325 Grant aye.
4 MARKET st.— Branch office of The Call; '
want ada and subscriptions taken.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S. •
F. Barber College. 13SH Eighth.
€15 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken. ■
SINGLE- rooms 10c and ISc night, 75c and $1
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard.
ELCHO House, S63>£ Market St.— Rooms 20c, !
•- 2Sc to 50c night: $1 to $2 week.
ROOMS. 16c to 75c per night; &0c to $1 60 per
week Oriental. 223 Drumm st.
i
WANTED, to collect wages due laborers and i
clerks. KNOX Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st ., below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a niEht; $1 a week.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know ;
that Ed Rolkin. *no House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
FCR.MTCKE WAITED."
WANTED— Furnished flat or house; cheap for
cash. Y. V.. box 35. Call office. • / •
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Mint IS2I. ♦
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
comery st. ; highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— In San Rafael, a modern house or C ;
to 8 rooms; must be |oa> rent an>l in a good ;
-■ . . ■ ■■. . . •
ROOMS Wll BOARD \\ AVI'EI).
WANTED— Room and board by gentleman in
a private Jewish family, not to exceed $4 a
week. Address box :.13. <'ail office.
■WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Use of piano for storage; private
family. Call Monday, 719 Post st.
WANTED— To DC small deposit;
, payment! same as rent; give full particulars. :
1 4".x. Call otflca.
WANTED— By a mining company, to buy or
iharter a vessel ol BO to 12 tons for 6 ur S
months, suitable for a trip to Copper River,
Alaska; also a small steam or gasoline
launch. Address, giving description and
price. A. W. BRYANT. Santa Cruz, Cal.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; lowest rates;
no com. BCRIBNER & CO., 3 City Hail Bqre.
MACHINERY, belting,
bought and sold. J. Livingston, 204 Mission. I
BECOND-HAND clothing, dresses, sealskins.
wanted; best prices: send postal. 1020 Folsom.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver,
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
MEDICAL.
ALL monthly Irregularities or other conditions
from whatever red ;it once; safo
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid; instant relief for travelers: tumors re-
moved by electricity; home in confinement;
i3i' an<l privacy: for guarantee:
consult the doctor before going elsewhere;
regulating pills and capsules. J'.. MRS. DR.
V YETH. 918 Post Bt., near Lurkin.
ALL of Dr Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
U:tP cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects: taken in time it also acts as v pre-
tive; price Jl l><) per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
in aiseases free. WALLER RROS.. ■'■•■
<;rant aye., 8. F. A caution — Before pur-
chr.:-ing elsewhere, write us.
A PROCESS that never fails to restore every
monthly sickness from whatever
cause in few hours when medicines and others
failed; no instruments used; many
•>' experience: every case guaranteed ad-
vice free: terms reasonable; first-class pri-
vate home for confinement. MRS. DR.
DALEY. 1126 Market st.. over Owl Drugstore.
A SURE, safe unJ speedy cure for all female
d:s<;'?es; a home in confinement, with best
- ble care, with the privacy of a home
and the convenience of a hospital ;
wl'o are sick or discouraged should call on
the doctor and state tli-ir case; they will
bed in her a true friend. MRS. DR.
GWYFR. L 26 Turk St.
ST.' RE cur.-, when others fail; no medicine or
instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for al! female troubjes, no matter from
■what cause; restore in 1 day; never fails: con-
suKation fr^e: can he sent and used at home.
PR. POPPER. ?.]S Kearny. Orders by tele.
DR. AND M RP. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aw., formerly rj; Bddy rt.— Safe, quick ctu*
f'i ail f-:nale ' •>T.plaints guaionteed; pri-
vate home in confinement; every comfort;
Infants adopted; terms inoru-rate; pills $1.
REMOVED— Mrs. Dr. Scott. 410 Geary St., now
1104 Market: ft-male complaints and Ji
• eye permanently cured or no charge;
•:f>nt by mail; inclose stamp.
DRS. GOODWIN, diseases of women; ladies;
safe, quick cure guaranteed; any ailment;
ir.aternity home; best care; skill only; low
fees; Dr. Schuck's self-cure, $5. 401 Van Ness.
-U. THAU'S French pills, a boon t
fer.i.'i •• trj.Hes; no danger; Hafe. rur- ti SO;
exr>resp C. O. D. ; don't delay until tx> late.
OOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oaklan
LADIES— Why suffer? Get released from
trouble; irregularities restored without fall;
low fees; specific ft-male pills, $1 50. DR.
SMITH, i:.OS Market St.; Ito 4, 7 to- 8 p. m.
A BOON to wiv?s and mothers— Seguro; pri'.-* 1
RICHARDS .v CO., MM Clax st. : send
-'amp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X st , Sacramento, Cal.
SI'RK cure Irregularities or other female dis-
easeF. M^-S. _DR PUETZ, 2S4^ Fourth st.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FI'XKE. MIO Eight n St., Alain, d.t.
BTERJLITY cuied by Mrs. Dr. Sattler, gradu-
ate midwife, 1791 Fowell st.; t ->l. red K4l.
FARIS MATERNITY, 609 Bust Bt. ; confine-
ment at home, 10 days, $20. Tel. Green SBL
HEALTHY chiid for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUXKK, 1410 Eighth st., Alami
DRS. KERGAN & KENNEDY cure blood,
skin and pi;\ate diseases. I Mason st.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; sub-
scription? and want arts taken.
LOST.
LOST— In the neighborhood of Pier No. 27, a
gold locket with monogram J. B. C. ; email
diamond center. Finder return the same to
J. S. CANNON, Morosco Opera-house; re-
ward.
$25 REWARD— Between the Mission and Tiv-
ull. lady's solitaire diamond pin. Return to
2313 Howard st.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of Jacob H>'pok; No. 2141331. The finder
will please return to bank. .
BRINO old gold and sliver to me and get cash
for it. LTNCLE HARRIS, IS Grant aye.
LO&T— Pass hook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society at San Francisco, in the
nume of ELIZABETH WHITTEN or DO-
I'.ENDA ELIZABETH WHITTEN, No. 131* -
037. The finder will please return to bank.
DELIGHTFUL home for a gentleman is ob-
tainable in a private family, residing on a
mutiny corner in Western Addition; convenient
to 4 lines of cars. Address J. W., box 427,
Call office.
TEAS.
TEAS,
20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 50 per pound.
C»FFEES,
10, 15, 20, 25, 33. 40 per pound.
BPICISS,
1 10, 15, 20, 25, 40 'per can.
RUNNING 100 STORES ENABLES US TO
SELL VERY CHEAP.
. '. WE GIVE FREE
PRETTY DISHES,
GOLD WATCHES,
BICYCLES,
t MUSIC BOXES,
AIR 'RIFLES. 2J.
T AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
puvsiciaxs. . '_._;■_
L>hT C. C. onoONNELL, office nnd res. • 1209
A'arket; dUeases or women a specialty.
BISIXESS CHAXCES.
$2500 — RAREST chance: corner saloon in very-
best location in city; established many
.years; clearing above $250 per mo.; lease;
large stock; the very best cluss of customers.
Particulars, WILKE, 753 Market st.
$600— OLD and nrst-class paying saloon; close
to Baldwin Hotel; best class of custom; net
rent $G0; a fine business opening. Inquire
WILKE. 783 Market st.
I.I )-ESTAHLlSHED corner saloon, beet
part of the city, will be sold by the brewery
direct; a great bargain. WILKE, ~>^ Mar-
ket st.
NOTICE— STRAND & CO., 28 Kearny St., will
sell your business >i»ik-k for oaab.
SPLENDID 15-cent bar!..: sfaop; must
_seUj^trial allowed. STItANP, Si Kearny st.
1 $450— corner salooa, baal location in city;
clears $75 monthly; a sure bargain; offer
wanted. BTRAND A CO., tk Kearny st.
3ALOON, n.-xt theater, living rooms;
music room; piano; clears $l"i> month; fortune
for live man. BTRAND, 2% Kearnej st.
TO .-• v your bQaineea tor cash, apply HEALY
&. CO.. m Market.
$110— BRANCH bakery, candy, notions, etc.;
living rooms. HEALY a CO.. 1M Market.
$350— HOTEL cigar stand; Well raying.
$700— Saio,,n, best location in city.
$500- Cor. grocery and i w; Western Addition.
$350— Coal oil route: well established.
$125— Bakery and delioacy store; a bargain;
and other rood bargains at
ANPCRSON & WIXNV TTT Market St.
Partner wanted; t I paying restaurant;
attend to cash counter; steady man only.
CURRAN >\ CO., SO Keiirny Bt
$200 Partner In saloon doing paying business.
CURRAN & CO., SO Kearny st.
ROME bakery, delicacy store; north Mar-
ket; central; monthly receipts $290; value In
- fixtures. BASILE. 8754 Market st.
WANTED A man to take half Interest in ;i
well-established null business, with small
capital. Inquire at 413 Mission st. for par-
ticulan.
WANTED Parts with ■ -t in latest
I ateni - ' big money in it. 216
Turk st.. down rta M p. m-
FINK sal '•■ cnean. Inquire 3
Hampton place. Third and Poison) sts.
SMALL grocery for sale cheap; owner re-
tirinn from business. US Seventh St.
FOXHALL MARKET, Fillmure st , between
Washington and Clay, will open Saturday.
February I; .-i fen remaining stalls for rent;
this m.iiket contains IS stalls, is situate. l on
a business street in the very center of the
best residence portion of the city, is ele-
gantly titled up, light and airy, and stalls
are already rented by the very best class
O l dealers, commanding a large *»stublished
trade; the market property is a commodious,
Hrst-class building, costing $60,1 an excel-
lent opportunity is afforded for market men
to make money. Apply at mark'-t between
S and 10 a. m.. or at 13OVEE, TOY & 6ONN-
VAG'S, 824 Mark' t St.
iARQAIN; tiist-class grocery and bar
business, commanding No. 1 trade; choice
corner location; low rent, with lease: rtew
lixtures: fresh line of groceries; splendid op-
portunity for family wine trade; this will
warrant closest investigation; principals
only will be dealt with: must be sold. Apply
41' M ntgomery st.. room 2.
AN undivided one-fifth interest in mining
proposition, located in very henrt of richest
gold bearing district In California: no ai
menls; no lurtlvr expense; will pay from
%:■■ to $10 B day; present owner must sell;
price $1000. Box to. ''.til office.
ARMSTRONG & ALLISON. M^ Market St..
buy. sell, exchange all kin. ls business. W«
have bargains in lodging houses, saloong,
•j and bar. restaurants, branch ba-
ll you want business see us.
DOWNTOWN notion-store. located in the
heart of the traffic, with a good stock and
long lease at low rent; price $5000; principals
only; good reason for selling. 1314 Call.
i AN old hotel man wants a partner with some
meant to go into a fine hotel, all furnished,
in the lartrest city in the Northwest; ex-
• ■ not necessary. Address "Hotel.'
. Oakland.
ESTABLISHED. increasing business:
pays UOOO per year: no opposition; country
town, near bay. Address O. X., b<
Call i
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Calß sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
FOR BALB— OM-estaUtshed cigar an.l station-
ery store; will s.-ll for $^'> r >-less than Invoice,
For further particulars address box I'M, Call.
FOR sale Horseshoeing business; lit-
change for g-ood mechanic: proof of business;
j owner leaving city. Box 4.">. Call ottoe.
BAKERY and restaurant, doing good business;
tint I reason for selling* no busi-
with agents. Box 41^. call office
NEWS and stationery store— Good business;
: « rent; must sell at once; death cause of
investigate. Vtlhi Fifth st.
FOR BALE— Family gioceiy -tor-, 2518 Mission
I st.; the best stock and fine fixtures. Apply to
F. smith. 316 Montgomery m
DRUGSTORE doing a good business: Bick-
1 ness cause of sale. E. E. BUNCE, SOB
j Broadway, Oakland.
GENTLEMAN partner wanted; paying propo-
o. lijls Market Ft., room 17, second floor.
j PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire thl»
offico or at 133 Third st., Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
w. caswell & QO.'S. 4;:, Bacramento st
\ PARTNER wanted with $3000 In shipping and
! commission. 217 Sansome St., rm. 6, 11 to 6.
WANTED— SICOO; good security and interest.
Address Security, box 446, Call office.
1 $25— STORE to let. cor. Oak and Franklin; suit-
| able for any business. 15 Grant aye.
. TO rent— ln front of saloon, space for cigar
[ stand and clubrooms. 33 Third st.
! ICECREAM parlor and candy-store; account
I of death; bargain. 934 Valencia.
$60, cor. branch bakery, good laundry office
with furniture. Ell Laguna st.
BAKERY in fine country town, sold at a bar-
gain. Apply 1629 McAllister st.
GROCERY and branch bakery; well estab-
lished. SG7 Howard st.
A WEEK'S news for •'• cents— Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing. .
2526 MlSSlON— Subscriptions and want ads
taken for The Call.
] COMPLETE outfit for restaurant, cheap. Call
I this office.
LODGING HOt-ES FOR SALE.
; A. M. BPECK ft CO., M Market "it
; 30 rooms, elegant new furniture $2SOO
j 22 rooms, near Tlv-oli, clears $100 850
; •24 rooms to rent. 424 Post; rent reduced.
' &0, GO, 90, 130 room houses to rent.
Apply A. M. SPECK A CO.. 602 Market st.
108-room hotel, only 6500
16-rooms on Market; part offices 850
30-room house: must sell .'. 750
14 rooms on Golden Gate, rent $40 ..' too
12 room: ; . central, good furniture .-.. 250
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
$100— Partly furnished house of 14 rooms; near
Mission and Third: 24 rooms. Mission and
Fourth. $475; 50 houses for sale. Before pur-
chasing apply HEALY &xCO., i>l7 Market st.
j FOURTEEN rooms, best part Market St.;
pays well. STRAND * CO., 23 Kearny st.
$200— FLAT, 4 elegantly furnished rooms; opp.
City Hall. STRAND. 23 Kearny st.
FLAT. 7 nicely furnished rooms, I blocks from
Call office; no agents. Address box IN, Call.
i 10 SUNNY rooms, fully occupied: ill health of
proprietor cause of sale. Box 484, Call office.
339 HAVES ST.— Branch office of~ne Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
KIHMTIItK FOR SALE.
WALNUT DESK, folding bed and other
niture cheap. 249 Fifth st. . .
I =
CARPET CLEAMXG.
ClTY^SteaiEr Carpet-Cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
88 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. So. 40.
] GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works, 14 Bth St., B. GRANT. Tel. Jessie 201.
CARPETS cleaned, renovated . like new. J.
M'QUEEN, 453 Stevenson; tel. S. 225.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 420 Sutter:
tel Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, prop. • .
, CLEANING, 3c; laying, 3c; rug samples fret;
I tel Jessie 944. Stratton. 3 Eighth.
i CARPETS cleaned and renovated like new.
. 23 Tenth; tel. South 36. Mackintosh & Co.
i J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
(it.; cleaning 9c a yard; -•- tel. Mis. 74.
CON KLIN'S carpet-beating works, 133 Golden
Gate. aye. Telephone East 126. ■
I 615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Can.
j Subscriptions and want ads taken.
~~ : COPARTNERSH IP, NOTICES. J^
' CBRTIFiCATIB^O*' COPARTNERSHIP— No-
tice Is hereby given that a. W. SCOTT,
JOSEPH MAGNER; and A. W. SCOTT JR.
have this day formed a copartnership under
the firm name and style of SCOTT * MAG-
NER. All three of said parties are resi-
I dents of the city and county of San Fran-
I Cisco, State of California. ' Bald partnership
is formed to carry on a general hay, grain
' and commission business in said city and
county, and elsewhere. Dated the 23d day
of December. 1837. a w SCOTIV
JOSEPH MAGNER,
A. W. SCOTT JR.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 10, IS9B.
HOISES TO LET.
2 TENEMENTS. 3 and 4 rooms; rent $7 and ,
. $8 50. M 2 Jessie St., near Ninth; key at gro* :
eery.
', S2lVj I>< >Li >KES. between 21st and 22d-Slx
rooms and bath. {It;. Inquire on premises. |
NICE sunny 7-room new house; $27 50. 21 Noe j
st.. near Thirteenth. I
I TO9 SUTTER, near Taylor— For office and resl-
: dence; 8 rootta; very choice; investigate.
HOUBB of 11 rooms in fine onler; rent cheap, j
247 Stevenson st., near Third.
122 CLEMENTINA— Nice cottage 5 rooms and j
$7 80—204 PERRT St.: 3 rboms; water free.
Apply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Mont-
| gouiery st.
WHY pay rent? Why not build? You can do
so. if you have mortgaged. and wish to pay-
it off easily you can get best terms of Amer-
ican Investors' Co., II Montgomery St.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
COTTAGES TO LET.
NEW 4.^5 and 7 r. : $I<> $1.". an 1 $->v or will sell,
$50 to $150 cash; bal. same as rent, 646
Market st.
tilS F> H.SOM— Cottage. 5 rooms, bath; hot,
cold water; stationary tubs; rent $14; key
grocery.
: 32it i'Al'I 1 - 2 sunny rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping; bath.
SUNNY cottage of 4 or 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment. Fifteenth and Dolores sts.
i $7. $8 and $% cottages, 3 and 4 rooms ; good or-
der. Apply 945 Bryant, or Umbsen & Co., 14
Montgomery st.
FLATS TO LET.
$14. flat, double parlors, dining and kitchen.
43V6 Hermann. June. Market and Valencia.
SUNNY flat. 5 rooms and bath; hot and cold
water: rent $12. Inquire HENRY EIBEN.
Seventeenth and Dolores sts. ' .
LOWER Oat of 4 furnished rooms, bath and
laundry. $18. 2".2.". Van Ness avenue.
1545 GEARY, cor. Buchanan— Upper flat, 6
rooms and bath; rent $15; wate: free.
1513 MISSION, nr. Eleventh— € large sunny
rooms, bath, laundry, yard; rent $19.
$10— FLAT. 4 rooms, hall and double parlors.
ICOS Lexington aye., near Eighteenth st. ■ .
NEW flat of I rooms, large yard, line view.
1408 Green St., near Polk.
BAY window flat of 5 sunny rooms and bath.
117 Perry st.
AN upper flat, 7 rooms and bath; rent reason-
| able. 128 Fair Oaks St.. between M arid 23d.
TWO large. tints, in good order; new improve-
ments. 42."i Stevenson St.. near Fifth.
| NEW" upper flat; 5 rooms and bath; cor. Turk
j and Pierce sts. ; rent. $15.
.327 CLEMENTINA— Nice, sunny, 4-room flats;
j clean; $13.
4035 EIGHTEENTH ST.— 5 rooms and bath,
store and stable; rent $16. 304 Lily aye. — 4
rooms and bath; rent $13. Owner. 111 Van
Ness aye. •
i FOUR rooms and bath, 223 Laurel aye., bet.
Turk and Eddy, off Van NesS aye.; rent
reduced. »
$9— LOWER flat of 4 rooms. 27 Pearl St.. off
Market, : near Valencia.
UPPER flat. 4 choice sunny rooms; $13. 112JA
Broadway, near Leavenworth.
A $25 nice cottages and flats on Geary St., nr.
Polk. SPECK CO.. CO2 Market st.
ALL OVER TOWN- ZZ^ZZZHHZZI
You pee flats to rent by BALDWIN A
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
1423 CALIFORNIA. near Hyde— Furnished
rooms en suite or single, or suitable for
housekeeping.
IK CHERRY— unfurnished rooms to let.
743 EDDY— Single rooms with running water
and gas stove. gniffS
BUNNY rooms, housekeeping and others; $6 to
$12. 249 Fifth st.
325 GEARY— Front alcove room, well furnish-
. Ed; running water; closets; suitable light
housekeeping.
525 HOWARD— Rooms neatly furnished for
housekeeping.
I 821 HOWARD— Housekeeping rooms; single, $7
and $8; suits, $12 per month.
223 KEARNY, nr. Sutter-^-3 unfurnished front
rooms; housekpg or offices; gas and janitor
services free; low rent. Apply 15 Grant aye.
433 LARKIN- furnished housekeeping
rooms with kitchen.
102S MARKET— 3 rooms furnished complete,
$12; {.art rent in board.
28 MINNA— and housekeeping rooms,
75c and $1 per week. .
Ml NATOMA-r-2 or 3 furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; yard; rent reason-
able.
21 NINTH— Front sunny suite for light house-
keeping; cooking stove: running water.
315 Vi O'FARRELL— Two or three housekeeping
or furnished rooms: rent reasonable.
605 POLK— One pleasant furnished housekeep-
ing room; reasonable.
139 SEVENTH- Holliday House; sunny suite;
keeping privileges; also single rooms.
119 A SIXTH or 1 sunny rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping.
IS STANLEY Place— slo, 6 nice sunny rooms,
! including bath; also $7 50, 4 good rooms.
184 SOUTH PARK— Sunny rooms, furnished for
housekeeping or unfurnished.
125 SOUTH PARK— 2. 3 or 4 furnished rooms
reasonable .permanent tenant; private.
817 VAN NESS, corner Ellis— Sunny front
housekeeping. $1S; also unfurnished.
KOOMS TO LET.
422 BRYANT— Furnished room wltb use*~of
cooking range, $1 per week.
422 BRYANT— Two large* sunny rooms to let;
rent $6 per month.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
220 EDDY— Sunny front single and double
.rooms; first-class board, $3 50.
1 24 — Sunny furnished rooms; board op-
tional; pallor for I with board, $35.
310 FOLSOM— 4 large sunny rooms; upstairs;
rent $9. i
.11 FOLSOM— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
246 FOURTH— NewIy furnished sunny front
I rooms.
I 402 GEARY— Sunny furnished rooms for gents:
! $6 and $7.
1 518 GEARY— Elegant sunny rooms complete for
•keeping; also double and single;- rea-
sonable.
715 HOWARD. St. Davids— 200 rooms; suites;
single; sunny readlng-roo ; 25c up.
180 C HOWARD, corner Fourteenth— 3 sunny
front rooms; rent $9.
HOTEL SALISBURY: beautiful grounds; ta-
ble unsurpassed. 233 Hyde, cor. Eddy.
440 JESSIE— 3 rooms; rear; sunny 'side. : •
435 JESSIE— Rear of Mint; a neat, sunny
room for one or two; $6 and $8.
1403 OCTAVIA, cor. Geary— Sunny furnished
front room; stove,- gas, bath; $6.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; flrst-clasa
in every respect: terms reasonable.
THE Hawthorne, 1926 Market— Furnished and
unfurnished rooms; also housekeeping.
1151 MARKET— .or unfurnished
sunny i.oras, suite or single; best part of
street. ■
667 MINNA, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 a week. . v--\
HANCOCK HOUSE, 7SI Mission; select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per. week.
105 NEW MONTGOMERY— Furnished house-
keeping and single rooms; cheap.
20 NINTH— Front suite; 1 or 2 beds: grate;
gas; running water; housekeeping; stove. -
609 POWELL— Nice cozy furnished front room
for rent. ■ ■
GRAND Southern. Seventh and Mission sts.—
Suites; single; sunny; elevator; moderate. .. :
I) SECOND— Fine double room, week, $1 50 to
t $2 50; single. $1 to $1 50; day. 25c to 50c; cheap.
142 SEVENTH— Furnishes - suits and single
rooms at lowest rates. 'MRS. PRAHL, prop.
472 STEVENSON, corner Sixth— Suite of sunny
front rooms. $15; single room, $6.
17 STOCKTON. European— Elegant rooms;
suite or single; day, week or month; baths;
hot and cold water; transient; elevator.
109 TAYLOR— Sunny front suite; single room,
$125 week; double, $175 week. %
543 TURK— eur.ny room; running water;
grate, gas; bath; $10. . . , ■ -
24H THlRD— Large room for workshop or of-
t flee.
209 '•TURK, . near Jones— Nice sunny, furnished
parlors, newly carpeted. -, . . .
3553 TWENTY-FOURTH— i sunny rooms: gas
and bath: Twenty-second-street cars pass the
door; rent nO-'^jfaßßgaWß
ROO3IS TO LET— Continued.'
613 VAN" NESS aye.— 4 furnished rooms; bath;
entire floor. *"2"; together or singly; call 10
a. m. to 2 p. m.
600 BUSINESS cards printed $1; 25 visiting
cards 2.-, c. HILL. 724^ Market st.
BOARDING AND ROOMS
I A young lady wishes room and board in
American family, not to exceed $8.50 per
week; central. Box 506 Call.
SUMMER board ing- house and ranch. Sierra
Nevada Mountain*. a. J. INGALLS, Chi-
cago Park, _N«v;i.la County, Cal.
LARGE front room, bay-window, for 2, with
or without board. 914 Lackln st. . . •
PIANO taught in return for partial board;
south Market. Box 490, Call of flee. . ■■
ELEGANT large sunny rooms, with or without
board; first-class Southern and French cook-
ing; references exchanged.' 1107 Bush St.
1315% MISSION— Large sunny room; private,
with or without board; bath.
SOS VAN NESS .WE- Newly furnished sunny
i rooms: good board: $20 up.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
AMERICAN lady living in one of -the healthi-
est locations in San Rafael will take chil-
dren of good family to board; best of care
and training. Address W. A. V.. box 652,
San Rafael.
WIDOW wishes a few Infants to board. .2618
Bryant aye. ' "
STOI.ES TO LET.
STORK with '6 rooms, suitable for liquor store;
corner Geary and Lyon st.--.
I SPLENDID 4-story brick build and " base-
ment to let cheap. Apply at sis Mission tit.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ANY person having use for a piano need not
i do without when good Instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of *3. $4. *5. $6, »7. $S, $3,
i 110; handsome scarf and wood seat stool In-
cluded ;no charge for cartage. Purcahse your
I medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Stelnway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Butter sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE* 8,
26, H and SO O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
! and all other musical instruments of all
i grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
BEFORE buying a piano It will pay you to
consult us. Why? Because we buy only In
carload lots, pay cash for everything and
give the purchaser ■ the advantage gained
thereby. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 to 20
O'FarreH st., Curtaz Mock.
CONOVER, slightly used. $350.
Steinway. slightly used, $275.
Chickering. second hand, $190.
Large stock, lowest prices, rent, installments.
The F. W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market st.
A very fine opportunity this morning to se-
cure an elegant upright piano at a great bar-
gain. Investigate to-day. THE J. DEW-
ING CO. r second floor. Flood building, Fourth
and Market. '
WANTED— Standard make upright piano in
Rood 'condition 'for good 5-room cottage and
lot in Ocean View; rented; incumbrance 1300.
Box 4SI. Call Office.
PIANOS at out prices; Improve the opportu-
nity; agenry famous Haines Bros.. Hush &
Gerts and Kollerman. WM. C HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co., 321 Tost.
LARGE stock of Steinway. Chickerlns and
other standard makes of upright pianos from
$125 to 129 at HEINE i CO.. 136 Ellis. T. M.
I C. A. building; SHAW agent.
KEEFFE'S, !"C1 Van Ness aye., 3 fine up-
rights, little ■:-•!. 'sacrificed; Schubert,
Steinway and Decker Bros.
DECKER & SON pianos are always satisfac-
tory. Got Inw prices from Mauvais Music
Co., 759 Market st.
SOHMER&fo.. Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans, 1 *
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308, 310. 312 Post,
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
immense reduction for cash or on Install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market St.
A fine piano sacrificed for cash: see It this
morning, as the first caller will surely take
It. Room 12 Flood building.
FINE Dec! upright piano sold for storage
charges. Pacific Storage Co., 22$ Stockton st.
SACRIFICED— EIegant upright piano; must
sell. 230 Kearny St., room 26.
$40 piano: splendid instrument; great sacri-
fice. 11311s Mission st.
BARGAIN • uprieht cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St.. near Hlbernia Bank.
•. "Nil's new style pianos; most perfect.
brilliant, powerful tone. 216 Post st
KING3BURY (1597 model) is the piano you
want. J. HARRY SCOTT. M Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old omd new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
KNABE piano*: new scale; new- styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. M O'Farrell st.
: _•: MONTGOMERY St., branch office of the
Call; want ads and subscriptions taken.
OFFICES TO LET.
FURNITURE of five room* for sale; reason-
able. Apply 1227 Mission st.
218 SANSOME St., now occupied by W. Loalza !
& Co. ASHTON. 411 Mnntcnnyry. j
FOR SALE— -MISCELLANEOUS.
SOLITAIRE diamond ring for $30; worth $GO.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FOR SALE— Cheap; complete outfit concrete
sidewalk; planks, tampers, crowbars, shovels.
41S Larkin st.
FOR sale— Second-hand lumber, t. and g., $8;
flooring. $10; pine, JO; Bay District track
buildings.
FIRST-CLASS bakery, central part of Oak-
land, baking 2 barrels of flour per day; good
wagon route. 401 San I'ablo aye.
CIGARS, fixtures; must be sold In two days.
Apply 204 East St.
AN ark for alia, cheap. Apply 1108 Ken-
tucky st., near Eighteenth st.
'96 SHIRK. '97 Rambler Special; almost new;
cheap. 1207 Howard st.
SOLITAIRE diamond ring for 535; worth $63.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
THOROUGHBRED St. Bernard pups. Sire.
Roxle Taylor; bitch. Doris. Address "Press,"
Irvington. Cal.
FIREPROOF safe; forge; anvil; iron wheel-
barrows; iron [Use. 64 Silver st.
BARGAIN— IO horseshoe nickel in slot ma-
, chines. .1. ft, box 1, Call Offlce, Oakland.
FOR SALE— 2 Incubators and 6 brooders; cheap.
2709 Larkin st. .
STREET roller, 2:6x2 feet, as good as new,
cost $C 0; will pell for $30. 11l Van Ness aye.
SOME new and second hand Sterling wheels;
bargains. NICHOLS & CO., 404 Battery st.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 8. F.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10; Records. $5 per dos;
- Projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupl. 933 & 948 Mrkt
BOILERS, engines. 2d hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale St.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1122-36 Mission.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcase*, coun-
ters, • linoleum, office furniture, store and
offlce furniture and fixtures; new and sec-.
ond-hand. J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-
Mission St.. above Sixth.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
" bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near 7th. .: .
WHISKY. Mcßrayer. April, isr>2. from Ken- 1
tucky bonded warehouse direct: Goc per gal-
. lon. F. EPHRAIM. m Market St.. 8. F.
FOR sale cheap— hand fireproof safe at
42 Main st. ' ..■.:■-■•,,
SECOND hand dynamos, gasoline and steam
engines, boilers, pulleys, shafting, laundry
machinery, etc. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
RETIRING from business: our 1 entire stock of
* rattan . furniture and baby carriages will be
•old at wholesale cost. California Rattan
Works. 74:. and 747 Mission, byt. 3d and 4th.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. . Sub
scriptions and want mi-; taken
SKIVING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY; rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies.- 145 Sixth.-
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented:
repairing: lowest rates. 205 Fourth. r
nwnunui . ■ ~~
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap: send for sample & i. rices.
ALEXANDER - CO., 110 Montgomery st. .■:
REMINGTON No. 3: fine order; $23; sample
sent. SCOTT & BANNAN. 333 Montgomery.
__ ___________
~ STORAGE.
AT low: rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOON AN, 1017 to 10*3
Mission St., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof building. F. W.
ZEUFUSS. £40 Mission st. Tel. Mint 182 L
PERSONALS.
HAIK which is oily is generally healthy; come
and let me show you how to keep and care
for roar hair; hair.-Jressing only 25c; good
switches, |t; finest, best Quality, $3 50; extra
heavy, long, $5; open Sundays 9 lo 12 a. m.
G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
ADVICE free; divorce laws tpecialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law, 860 Market, cor Stockton.
CAL. INST., 402U Geary; tel. Pavis 583: hyp-
notism taught, $5; diseases and habits cured.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic prevents the hair fall-
ing out. G. LEDERER, ill Stockton st.
CKNTI.KMAN, who lias been in Alaska, has
some capital and can give the very best of
city references, wishes to meet a !ady or
gentleman with $7000. Address F., box 452,
c»ii prflce.
MISS i* HICKS, guitar teacher; class lessons,
$1 50 month; now forming. 3.: O'Farrell St.
DRESSMAKING for ladies and children: also
shirt waists; reasonable. 1023 O'Farrell St.,
near Van Ness aye.
PROF. J. QRBVKN will introduce thfte more
talent to the public ir. their own concert at
Y. M. C. A. Hall, on January M, UM. Miss
M. De Chent, dramatic soprano; Miss I.
Brown, mezzo soprano, and MR. M. AL-
BERT, high lyric tenor.
MISS ANDERSON, graduate, Swedish nurse;
baths; f.--i>iiae massage; Swedish movement;
ladies, gents. 006 Market, room 25, 2d tloor.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 635 Clay St., S. F.
BIG outdoor etereoDtlcon show every night
cor. Market and Sixth: artistic advertise-
ments in living light; promoters of business.
Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market St.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St., cr. Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $1 GO per night; $1 50 to $6 per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$14— Suit to order: samples; try one. NEU-
HAUS A CO., tailors, 115 Kearny st.
GREAT catarrh curl; Wilson's vaporizing in-
haler; :;2C,a Kills; test free: cure J5.
CIV'AKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
BRANCH oflkM <>: The Call. 167 Ninth st.—
Wanf ad* and subscriptions taken.
SUPERFLUOUS hairs removed by electrolysis.
MRB. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush.
SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
I.EMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
J.". up; dresses made over, fi Eddy St.. rra. SB.
EDI CATION AL.
HRALIVS Boatpaai College, 24 Post. Book-
ki-rpir.K, liiMiuss practice, shorthand, typ-
inc. telegraphy, languages. English branch-
es; electrical, civil & mining engineering. sur»
veying, assaying, navigation, etc. ; 20 teach-
ers day and eve. sessions; catalogue mailed.
AYKKS' Bosiness College, 32J Montgomery St.;
Individual Instruction in sh'Tttnuid. typing,
bookkeeptnc telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
skip, *."••); low rates |wr week ami month.
ENGINEERING Qchool; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech.. survey, assay, archit. ; day ■
est UM. VAN DES NAILLKN, 133 Market.
LADY teaches piano, mandolin. 50c an hour;
excellent pianist and accompanist for enter-
tainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia st.
TKACHER piano and vocal music desires
m rent in exchange. Address Lady, 615
l.t'r. St.
INDIVIDUAL instruction In shorthand; dicta-
tion class. 7 to » evgs; $2 50 mo. 1015 A Post.
LADY teacher of music and piano; 50 c a
lesson. iiddr—S E.. 615 Larkin st.
GENTLEMEN taocht languages eveninca by
>m lady teacher. Call office.
I.l'l'U'M School of Elocution and Dramatic
Art. HI Sutter st.
PROF. M. KOLANDER, teacher mand.-.Un,
| guitar and banjo. HE Market st.. off M.iFnn.
FLUTE, mandolin, guitar lessons; ciu»> $i
monthly. PROP. QASTALDI, Tin Lombard.
VOICE culture, piano Paris graduate; French,
• ii : new classes; $2 mo. w< Taylor st.
.viss GAMBLE'S dancing school; adults' class
Saturdays I P. M mi Devtaadero st.
FISK teachers" agencies in M cities: teachers
wanted now. CM I'arrott building.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
ket St.; 124 pOSttIOHS in "M. M in 'HT.
GUITAR, manrtolln piano ami vocal Sessons;
?.t ni. .nth. Mary \\ .sthaus. 3it Fifth st.
CLAIUVOYAf.Tg.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium;' while en- '
tranced she vlll reveal every hidden mystery
in life; she will show you how to overcome
jour enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost affections: unites the separated, recov-
er*, lost, stolen or buried property: locates
treasures, minerals; tells your entire life. ;
van, present and future, while In a perfect
trance. Hours. 10 A. M. to 5 P. M. : perfect
satisfaction guaranteed by mall. Send stamp
for circular with special terms. MRS. DR. F.
CLARK, rms 25 & 26. 1206 Market, opp. 6th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card- j
reader, born double veil and second sight:
diagnosis disease, full life reading; la.. 60c;
gents $1: palm. & clalrv.: sit. $150. 126 Turk.
REMOVED— Mmp. Lenemar tells fortunes by
planets; 'prd'td "74" steamer on island. SS^i
Sixth, .room 6.
MISS MIRANDA, experienced mind reader;
electric and magnetic treatments. Room 31.
1122 Market st. . •___
MME. LE NORMANDE. world-renowned clair-
voyant, card-reader; hours. 10 to 4 evenings.
401 Leavenworth st. t
ARRIVED— Mme. Davis, the remarkable clair-
voyant, card reader and test medium; fee 23c.
&02 O'Farrell st. . *
MMX BYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band* picture Be; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st. i
MISS MAUD WINTERS, card reader; electro-
magnetic treatments. 120% Geary st., room 2.
MISS E. LOEBEL has returned to 121 Mont-
gomery st., room 8. Card reader.' -,
MME. HANSEN, palmist, card-writer; past.
present and future; 25c. 14S Sixth, room 5.
MME. MOREAU, test medium, clairvoyant,
card reader; 26c up. 73 Fourth st., upstairs.
SATISFACTION or no pay. 1204 Mission, above
. Eighth, front parlor. Face cream free.
DR. ALICE FAY. medium and genuine mag-
netic healer. 128 Seventh st., second. floor.
MRS. MANDENA, medium and palmist: read-
ings 25c this week; satisfaction gar'td. 26 6th. .
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and I
water reader. 82114 Mission St.. opp. Mint.
MMX. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SODAN, Scotch seeress, card-reader and
palmist.' 619 Eddy, 9 to 8 P. M.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sitting!! daily. 123*4 Sixth St.. room 14.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in her pro-
fession: never fails; advice: help. 929 Post.
RAY FAlR— Card reader; magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post St.. room 2.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call./ Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
fro*.- ■
. SPIRITUALISM.
•MRS. HOSKINS. spiritual medium: circle
' Tues.. Bp. m.. 2."c; readings, $1. 214 Franklin.
A. M. FRANCIS. Independent slate-writer; de-
veloping circle Wednesday eve. 118 Haight st.
MME. MAYO STEERS. 112V4 Oak; circle*
Tues. 8 P.M.. Thurs. 2 P.M.; 25c; readings $1-
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
■ messages nnd advice. 21S Stockton st.
DENTISTS.
D^rXuDLUM*HILiX 1443 Market. nrTilthTno
charge for extracting when plates are made,
old plates made over like new; teeth from $S
per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. OEO. W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discover cf painless extraction & patentee of
Improved bridge work or teeth without plate,
moved from 6to 20 O'Farrell st. .
FULL set of teeth, $5; painless extraction; see-
our combination ■ plate, thin ■as paper; war- ■
ranted 10 years; teeth without plates; crown
and bridge work our specialty;' teeth Im-
planted or transplanted; fillings 50c, crowns
J." 50; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors,- 24 Sixth st.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact; full set. of teeth, $5 up; silver
fillings. 25c up; gold crowns, .$3 50 , up; your
teeth put in without a plate; open evenings.
997 Market st., cor. Sixth; phone Jessie 695.
NEW York dentists— Plates $5 up; silver fill-
ings, 25c up; gold fillings, 75c up; plates
mended. $1 up; painless extraction, • 60c: all
work warranted. .969 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
15— FULL set of teeth; best make; - kepV In
repair; extracting free; fillings. 50c: crowns,
$3 50. . Pacific Dental Parlors. IS Third st. -
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1126 Market st.; open even-
. Ings; Sunday till noon; registered dentist.
W. C. HARDING, M. D., 600 Butter St.. cor.
Powell; tel. ; Main 6375: painless extraction.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. ..
SET of teeth without a plat*. DR. H. C
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st. .-•-•■
COLTON Dental Association. 806 Market st.
DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. •
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$650, less than half its value, 200 feet front on
Mission road to Ingleslde. gardenland. P.
ROTHERMEL, 507 California st.
PLACXS for sale."To~TeTTnd to lease in all j
parts of the city and country. GEO. W. H. j
PATTERSON & CO., 1709 Market street.
G. M. SAL9BURY. builder, EH X st. : low esti-
mates; plans given: dry washers made for
placer mining.
4-RM. cottage and lot. $1500; 1 block from Mis-
slon cars; $16 monthly. BABIN, 413 Kearny.
COUNTRY HEAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— 2SO acres unimproved land!~Tuo^
lumne County; wood and water; also 160 acres
unimproved land, Mariposa County; cheap:
cash; a bargain. Particulars A. BHUHNKE,
1711 Polk st.
\V AN T E D— A ranch of 50 to 150 acres on a
main road, reasonable distance of town or
steamboat landing. Address Box 495 Call
office.
FOR SALE— Up to date ranch, 40 acres; level,
fertile; fine overflowing artesian wells; dry
season not feared; houses, barns, etc., 18 al-
together: fine shade tiees for poultry; lovely
little variety or.hard; near station; fronts on
railroad; near sugar beet mill; price reduced-
33 miles from San Francisco. Address box
457. Call office.
ANY one wanting a small ranch, for grazing
purposes, or a moderate sized orchard, part-
ly improved, payable on very easy terms,
apply to room 70S. <"lavs Spreckels building.
FOR sale— Glen Annie ranch, one of the best-
kfinwn ranches in Southern California. Ap-
ply J. I'EIU'Y LAWTON, Santa Barbara.
BOOK and list of cheap land free. M. M
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County, Cal.
LITTLE homes close to town; improved; easy
terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces on 8 and 10
years' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma City;
every Monday at 632 Market st.. S. F.
167 NINTH St.— Branch office of The Call; sub-
scription* and want ads taken.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$15 PER month; modern 5 roomed cottage;
street improved; total price $1250. HUGH M.
CAMERON. 479 Ninth St.. Oakland.
MODERN* residence, 9 rooms, bath, cemented
basement, etc. f near Grove st. ; lot 50x160;
plumbing nickel plated: electric wiring;
street work complete: price $3500; terms to
suit. Lake Shore Land Co.. A. H. BREED,
Manager. .1070 Broadway. Oakland.
KLONDIKE or bust— lo room house, Eighth
St.. Oakland; lot 70x100: barn, etc.; value
$10,000; reduced to $6000; a snap; $2500 cash;
balance can remain. Box 425. Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$3000— HOUSE of 6 "rooms, with furniture, lot
25xllt>; basement 9 feet high; choicest loca-
. tlon in Alameda; close to It. R. depot. Par-
ticulars WILKE, 753 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call, sent to any address in the United States
or Canada one year for $1 60, postage free.
— — — —^— »— — — — — — —^»
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
SEE this at once; new 8-room modern house,
3 blocks east of Berryman station, Berkeley;
price $3500, worth $4500; make your own.
terms; also have other houses. See owner
and houses, 1427 Spruce st., Berkeley.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOR SALE or exchange for city or country
real estate, an old-established corner saloon,
2 blocks from Market St.; elegantly fitted up:
long lease and reasonable rent. Address box
. 459. Call office. , - ■-'■ -■■
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6Vj p. ct. on real estate; 2d St
Sd mortgages, estates, undivided interests,
real estate in probate, life Insurance, goods In
warehouse, furniture and pianos without re-
moval: mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, mi. 3.
! LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or 'Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN*. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. .
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94S Market Et.. tel. .green 204.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; no
commission; lowest Interest; part payments
received; money quick and confidential. 1170
Market St. room 68. ■__
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St., upstairs; strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1*69.
$5 per month Interest on each $1000; 55 cents
per mo. on $100; any amount; on 2d mort-
i gage, any security. Address Cash. Bx 2. Call.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONELLI. 402 Geary st.
ON furniture, pianow; no commission; low
rate?: private. SCRIBNER & CO.. 7 City
Hall Square.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in 'pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st.
$50 to $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 62S Mkt. St.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
rates; no com.: private. 116 . McAllister. .
1100.000 on life insurance policies; low interest.
JOS. B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine.
i 10 SIXTH— reliable place to borrow mon-
ey: diamonds and jewelry.
MdNEY WANTED.
MONEY WANTED— for 6 months; secur-
ity, 19 cases of first-class furniture now In
warehouse, worth $2000: will pay IV* per cent
interest. See J. F. CROSETT, Agent, 623
Sacramento st. . ■
FINANCIAL. ,
J. BOAS, 330 Montgomery st. — Loans on life
insurance policies and buys bank books. •—
LOANS on real .estate, bonds, etc.; lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery st.
~"~" LOUSES. '' .
MARES for breeding purposes: not less than
1450 pounds: must be cheap. T. S. DICKINS,
room 556 Parrott building.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
or exchanged; cheap storage; 40 horses; must
sell. T. P. NEWELL. 1802 Mission, cor 14th.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons. < buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, SS7 Sixth st., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FOR RALE— WeII matched young t£am with
harness and buckboard: can be seen at Ne-
vada - Stable, 44 Clay. Price $125.
50 head of horses suitable for any business. Old
Turk street Car Stable. 1301 Turk St.
4 MARKET Branch office of The Call;
- want ads and subscriptions taken.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
TOP buggy, new grocery, business buggy and
good 3-sprlng. delivery wagon. 1161 Howard.
ALL kinds new and second-hand wagons, car-
riages, buggies, carts, harness: largest as-
sortment, lowest prices. 15th and Valencia.'
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installment*; 1 fine top and' open
buggy: also 1 hack. 82S Harrison st.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE to creditors— Estate of ELLEN COAK-
LEY (alias), deceased.- Notice is hereby
given by the ■ undersigned, • A. C. FREESE.
adminlstratorof the estate of ELLEN COAX-
. LEY. (alia*),, deceased, to the creditors of,
and all persons having claims against, the
said deceased, to exhibit them, with the
necessary vouchers, within 10 months after
the first publication of this notice, to the
said administrator at room ?.". Chronicle
building, corner of Geary and Kearny streets,
the same being h*s place for the transaction
of the business of the said estate "In the City
and oCunty of -San Francisco. . State of Cali-
fornia. A. C. FREESE. T\
• Administrator of the estate of ELLEN
COAKLEY (alias), deceased.. .
Dated at San Francisco. December 13. 1597.
:-:» • . J. D. SULLIVAN,
. Attorney for administrator.
NOTICE * of railroad consolidation— Pursuant
to the statute in such case made and pro-
' vided, notice Is hereby given that the Pajaro
Valley Railroad Company and the Pajaro
Extension Railway Company, upon ths
written consent of the stockholders holding
more than three- fourths in .value of all the
btock of each of said corporations respec-
tively, '•' and by • agreement of the respective
boards of director* of said corporation!) made
and entered into in accordance with such con-
tent and pursuant to the statute In ■ such
case . made and provided, have consolidated
and amalgamated their capital stocks, debts,
properties, assets and franchises under ths
corporate name and style of the Pajaro Val-
ley ■ Consolidated Railroad Company.
. Dated at • San Francisco, California, ■ the
tenth day of December, A- D.1597. -
By order of the . board of directors of the
Pajaro Valley Consolidated Railroad Com-
pany, --i ..-•%.-..;<
By E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, S5O Market, cor. Stcktn.
ADVICE free — Private law matters: moderate
fees. ATTORNEY McCABE, 103 Larkln st.
ADVICE tree: no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.
TO LEASE.
OLD Y. M. C. A. building. 232 Sutter St.. to
rent for long term of lease. Apply to H. J.
M'COY. Mason and Ellis sta.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
KOECHLIN-In this city, to the wife of E. H.
Koechlin, a boy.
MARRIED.
liABHARPT— OTTEN— In this city, January 8,
UK, by the Rev. Mr. Fuendeling, Theodore
J. Labhardt and Jessie Otten.
WARREN— KENEDY— In this city, January 8.
ISM, by the Rev. Mr. Fuendeling. Walter W.
Warren and Maude Myrtle Kenedy.
WATERBTRY— MORAN— In this city, January
6. I^9B, by the Rev. Father Prendergast of
St. Marys Cathedral, Harvey If. Waterbury
of Berkeley and Mary A. Moran of San
Francisco.
DIED.
ANDERSON— In this city, January 8. 1898.
Walter, dearly beloved son of Miller and the
late Minnie Anderson, brother of Walter and
Louie Anderson, and grandchild of Mr. and
Mrs. A. E. Miller of Fruitvale, a native of
San Francisco, aged 2 years and 7 months.
IC7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this .das
(Monday). Jan. 10, at 2 o'clock p. m., from
the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission
street, near Eighth. Interment at Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
BOURKE— In this city. January S. 189 S. Min-
nie E., beloved daughter of William and
Amelia Bourke, a native of Petaluma, Cal.
EJ'Thc funeral will take place this day
(Monday), on the arrival of the 9:30 o'clock
train at Petaluma, thence to St. Vincent's
Church for services. Interment Petaluma.
Cal.
BKHRMANN— In this city. January 9, 1898,
Ludwig G. J. Behrmann, beloved brother of.
Mrs. F. Pahmke, a native of Scharenbeck,
Germany, aged 45 years 3 months and 24
days.
GUMMING— In this city, January 8, 1S!>8, Eliz-
abeth, beloved wife of the late George Cum-
minp:, a native of Aberdeen, Scotland, aged
83 years and 9 months.
{C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1224 Bush street, between Larkin and
Hyde. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
COOK— In this city, January 9, UM, Blanche
Estella, beloved wife of Walter H. Cook.
DUDDY— In this city, January 8, 1898, Thoma6
Duddy, beloved brother of James and Wil-
liam Duddy, a native of San Francisco, aged
29 years. *
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday) at 1 o'clock p. m. from the parlors
of Theodor Dierks, undertaker, 957 Mission
street, between Fifth and Sixth, and thence
to St. Patrick's Church for services. Inter-
ment at Holy Cross Cemetery.
DRUSEDOM— In this city, January 9. IS9B.
Anna M., dearly beloved wife of John Druse-
dom, end mother of Albert L., Walter G.,
Annie and Clarence Drusedom. a native of
Nieder Weisel, Germany, aged 51 years 3
months and 14 days, a member of Martha
Lodge No, 241, Knights and Ladies of
Honor, and San Francisco Frauen Verein.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Tuesday), January 11, at 2 o'clock p. m.-,
from her late residence, ISII Mason street,
between Union and Filbert. Interment at
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
DONOHUB— In VaHejo, Cal., January 8, IS9B,
Thomas,' beloved husband of Sadie Donohue.
son of Thomas and the late Rose Donohue,
brother of James, Francis, Sarah, George
and the late John and Vinnie Donohue and
Mrs. F. J. O'Neil, a native of San Fran-
ciscr). aged 28 years.
IT? The funeral will take place this day
(Monday) at S:3O from the residence of his
father. 425 Kddy street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 a. m. Interment private,
at Holy Cross Cemetery, by 10:40 a. m. train
from Third and Townsend streets.
FRANKENHEIMER— In Stockton, January 9,
lvs. Mi-*. B. Frankenhelmer, wife of the
late B. Frankenheimer and mother of Mrs.
Jake Haslacher, Mrs. Louis Kahn, Louis,
Sam and Jules Frankenheimer, aged 69
years and 1 month.
Cs"Notice of funeral hereafter.
GREEN— I 3 this city, January 8, IS9B, at her
late raaldraee, 439 Bryant street, Mary A.,
beloved wife of Thomas Green, a native of
Ireland, aged 58 years.
EX Funeral Monday. January 10, at 2 p. m.
Interment private, Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GILBERT— In this city, January 8, 189S, Wil-
liam Henry Gilbert, formerly of Boston, a
native of Wlscasset, Maine, aged 46 years.
(Boston papers please copy.)
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday) at 2 o'clock p. m., from N. Gray
& Co.'s undertaking parlors, 641 Sacramento
street.
HECHT— In this city, January 10, 1898. Abra-
ham E.. beloved husband of Amelia K.
Hecht and father of Edith. Joel X.. Ellas M.
and Adelheld Hecht, a native of Germany,
aged 59 years 7 months and 17 days.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
HOLLAND— In this city, January 8, 189 S. Susan
Florence, beloved daughter of Daniel and
Susan Holland, a native of San Francisco,
aged 6 years and 2 days.
LI AN— this city, January 9, 1898, August
A., dearly beloved son of • Ernst and Anna
Killan, a native of San Francisco, aged 6
years 1 month and 29 days. <
LONG— In this city, January, 8, 1898, Marie Ca-
mllle, beloved wife the late Claude Long,
and mother of J. N. Long, Mrs. Eugene Avy
and Mrs. A. Zabaldano, a native of Italy,
aged 70 years and 30 days.
B^Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services .this day (Mon-
day), at 10 o'clock, at her late residence,
1517 Powell street. Interment private, Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
LLOYD— In Oakland. January 9, 1898, Isabella
Jane, beloved wife of Alfred Lloyd and
mother of Edgar and George A. Lloyd and
Mrs. T. A. Schlueter and Emma D., Ella M.
and Thomas A. Lloyd, a native of Racine,
Wis., aged 47 years 3 months and 13 days.
QUIGLEY— In this city, January 7. 1898. Brid-
get Quigley, beloved mother of Frances,
James and the la£e Sister Mary Baptist Quig-
ley and Mrs. Dempsey of Cleveland, and
grandmother of James, Joseph, Frances,
Margaret, Frank and Vincent McDevltt, a
native of County Tyrone, • Ireland, aged 94
years. (New York and Cleveland papers
please copy.) «i^j*P^
•CTFrlcnds are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Monday), at 9:30
o'clock, from her late residence, 1709 How-
ard street, thence to St. Charles Borromeo
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her souL
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
NICHOLS— In this city, January 9, 1898,
Charles F. Nichols, a native of New Jersey,
aged 56 years 4 months and 16 days.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
POWDERLY— In Oakland, January 9, 1898,
Bridget Powderly, a native of Ireland, aged
73 years. .
PONSAR— In the City and County Hospital.
January 8, IS9S, Franz . Ponsar, a native jof
Germany, aged 40 years.
RONAN— In South San Francisco, January 8,
ISBS, Mary Ronan. dearly beloved wife of the
late James Ronan, and beloved mother of
John, James, Bernard, Anna and Joseph Ro-
nan and Mrs. . D. Hart, Mrs. W. Leighton,
Mr«. A. Knierr and . the late Mrs. W. Dea-
ble and Dennis Ronan, a native of County
Westmeath, Ireland, aged 64 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 2 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
• dene* of her son, John Ronan, Eleventh ave-
nue, between Railroad avenue and M street
South, thence to All Hallows Church, Fif-
teenth avenue and N street South', South San
Francisco, for services commencing at 2:30
p. m. Interment Calvary Cemetery.. .
TAYLOR— Alameda. January 9, 1898, Lena,
beloved wife of William G. Taylor and
daughter of Magdalena Heidt and the late
George Heidt. a. native of Ohio, aged 44
. years 1 month and 3 days. (Cincinnati pa-
pers please copy.)
(CTFrienils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the- funeral to-morrow
' (Tuesday) at 1 o'clock, from the Methodist
Episcopal Church, corner of Park street and
Central avenue, Alameda. Interment at
Mountain View. -
ZEGLIO— In this city, January 9. 1898. Ellen.
beloved wife of David Zegllo, mother of Rev.
•J. B. O'Connor, O. • P.; and Sister Mary
Philippa of the Sisters of Mercy, Rlncon
Hill, a native of Ireland.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at ft a. m., from her late resi-
dence. 11 Wolf street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, Alabama and Twenty-fourth streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 a. m. Interment at Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.- Please omit flowers.
I McAVOYfr GALLAGHER, ' B
I FUNEKAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I
I 20 FIFTH ST., GALLAGHER, I
FUXEKA L DIXBCTOBS & EMBALMERS
20 FIFTH ST., Ojp. Lincoln Schtol.
I|_ Telephone. South SO. - ' - ' I
In. n. m'aviiv. Manager. "•_ , 1
. jncAVOY «fc CO., I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEBS, I
• 1235 Market St., between Bth and 9th. I
■-•• Telephone. South 247.* - ■' '*■
910
REST HAS
NOT COME
WITH DEATH
Remains of Durrant
Not Suffered to Lie
•in Peace.
Even Up. to the Unholy
Hour of Midnight Vis
itors Called.
Rumors of a Hack Hired
as the Murderer's
Hearse.
DEEP SECRECY PREVAILED
All Kinds of Strange Stories Current
as to the Disposal of the
Body.
Death has not brought that rest
Theodore Durrant so uiien asserted
was to be his — at least so far as the
casket of clay delivered to his parents
when the hangman had finished his
v.ork is concerned.
Up to midnight out in the little
dwelling on Fair Oaks street father
and mother kept watch over their
dead. Toward the "witching hour"
rumors of a secret funeral at dead of
night began to fly through the town.
Well-defined stories of a cortege of
private hacks destined for "Fair Oaks
street, en route for an out-of-town
cemetery, were commonly current.
Names, hours and other particulars
were mentioned and the idea was read
ily caught up, so well did a midnight,
eecret interment chime In with the
popular theory of a befitting end for
the murderer. At the house, how
ever, the stories were liatly denied.
One of the attendants stated positive
ly that the corpse had not been re
moved, but at 2 o'clock this morning
was still in its casket at the home of
the bereaved parents.
In addition it was claimed that a
permit to remove the body from the
country was essential, and Secretary
Godchaux of the Board of Health posi
tively denied that any such permit had
been issued.
Some disposition of the body must' be
made within the next thirty-six hours,
or the Durrants will find themselves in
conflict with the law. That part of the
Code providing for the Board of Health
reads In' effect that all deaths must be
reported to that body within five days
and some disposition made of the re
mains, either by burial, cremation or
removal to another place.
Secretary Godchaux of the Board of
Health was in his office the greater
part of the day yesterday, but no
word was received from the Durrant
family: not even was the death certi
ficate filed. As nothing can be done
with the remains until this has been
done and the necessary permit has
been granted, a decision will have to be
reached by the parents of the youthful
assassin within the next few hours.
It was stated by a friend of the fam
ily that they were waiting to hear from
the Los Angeles Crematory people be
fore making their decision. Up to last
night no reply had been received to
Mr. Durrants telegram asking if the
body could be cremated there, and it
was still hoped that permission would
be granted. If it is refused, the burial
will probably take place in Holy Cross
Cemetery.
There were few callers at the Dur
rant house yesterday, and none but
close friends were admitted to the
house of death. Both Mr. and Mrs.
Durrant kept close within doors, and
as the drawn blinds were no attraction
to the curious, there was no loitering
about the vicinity.
The question was raised yesterday
whether the authorities had a right to
deliver Durrani's body to his parents
without an autopsy being held, and the
opinion was expressed that the State
Board of Health had the right to hold
an autopsy if its members thought fit
to do so. There is no law relating to
the holding of autopsies by the Board
of Health, that function being left to
the Coroner of the county, who in
cases of violent death may waive the
holding of an autopsy- if he chooses to
do so.
FEAST OR THE EPIPHANY.
At St. Igoatius Church Last Even
ing father Rickey Delivered
an Interesting Address.
At St. Ignatius Church last evening
Father Hickey spoke of the feast of
the Epiphany. "Where is he that was
born King of the Jews?" were his first
words, and he followed on the birth of
Christ and the guiding star which had
been seen, and satisfied those who were
in search of the Savior.
The story was again told of the son
of Mary, who had died to save sinners,
and the teachings which have followed
his ascent into heaven. Then death
was spoken of and the hope of life
where his teachings were heeded. Be
ing the first Sunday following the Epi
phany, as well as the closing of the
holidays, special music had been pre
pared.
STOLE A KEG OF BEER.
James Brady and Joseph Souza
Charged With Burglary.
James Brady and John Joseph Souza,
ex-convicts, wore booked at the City
Prison yesterday by Policeman Hutch -
ings on a charge of burglary. They are
■ accused of breaking into the store of
Henry Misel, Montgomery and Union
streets, last Wednesday night and
stealing a keg of beer, a ladder and
other articles.
Brady has another charge of burg
lary booked against him. He is accus
ed of breaking into 103 Greenwich
street and stealing a rubber coat and
other articles on the morning of Janu
ary 6.
"Why Should We Pray? 1
The fourth of the series of sermon:
which are being given on Sunday ever,
ings at the First Baptist Church by E
A. Woods. D.D., was entitled "Why D<
We Pniy?" The reverend gentleman sai<
in part:
"What is the Almighty that we should
serve him? What profit should we h*V<
if we pray unto Him?"— Job xxi:ls.
They were wicked men who said uni<
God, "Depart from us," but they suegrs
to' us the question, "Why should \\.
pray?"
If there is no God, prayer is an ab
surdity. and to teach suffering men
weeplngr women and helpless children to
pray is to deceive them and is a crime.
If God is simply law. or the nature of
things, prayer Is foolishness. No sane
man would pray to gravitation to let him
fall without harm from a housetop.
If God has created this world and then
left it to itself, then prayer is useless*
If God is angry with us and does not
care for us because we have disobeyed
Him. then prayer is a vain thing.
If God has decided absolutely that some
shall be Bared and all others lost, then
why should men pray whose salvation ts
impossible?
But. on the other hand, prayer 1b nat
ural to man. Our moral instincts de
mand respect.
The noblest and best men of our race
have been men of prayer. The Bible
makes prayer a duty and a privilege.
Honest prayer will affect character.
Paid Thomas Fuller. "Either praying
will make thee leave off sinning or sin
ning will make thoe leave off praying."
Let us remember the command to
"Pray without ceasing." We have dori>
much that we ought not to have done;
let us pray for forgiveness. We need so
much which God alone can give. Let us
;isk Him. God has given us many bless
ings. Let us thank Him, and such
thanksgiving is prayer.
BIDDING GOOD-BY TO COLONEL CORNWALL FROM THE TUG.
When Colonel W. EL Cornwall reaches his island home in Honolulu he will undoubtedly receive the warm welcome to
which he is entitled from his numerous friends there, but it is safe to predict that the welcome at his homecoming will
not give him as much of a thrill of pleasure as did the evidences of friendship bestowed upon him by those who bade him
bon voyage as the big steamer Moana left this port yesterday at noon.
• Colonel Cornwall, who is well known In club and social circles of this city, is an extensive planter of the Hawaiian
Islands and was a member of .the staff of King Kalakaua at the time of that monarch's death. Hle position on the
islands has been of such nature as to bring him closely in touch with all the commercial and industrial Interests of the
country, and his close attention to his business affairs there worked such inroads in his health that a rest was neces
sary, which he took in this city.
When it became" known that he intended to depart for his home his many friends showed by every means in their
power that they appreciated his friendship and would regret his departure. The last week of his stay in the city
was marked with dinners and social functions of various character, and as a final testimonial of their esteem it was de
cided to give him a farewell that would in a measure show the regard in which he was held.
As the big ocean liner backed slowly out of her berth at the foot of Pacific street the State tug Governor Irwln,
with a party of Bohemian Club members aboard, steamed from the adjoining slip and kept pace with the big boat down
to the heads, where, amfd blowing whistles and oft-repeated "good-bys," the last salutes were given and the tinal "god
speeds" were shouted across the intervening space.
In addition to the few who were accommodated on the tug the wharf was crowded with gentlemen and ladles who
had gone there to bid their friends farewell, and as the vessel went down the stream the pier was white with the waving
of many handkerchiefs, while from adjacent vessels salutes were sounded and the good wishes of hundreds followed the
steamer out to sea.
The Moana carried out a good list of passengers, who crowded the fides of the vessel, watching the unusual spec
tacle of the escorting friends, and the genial Captain Carey ordered the engines slowed down just at the parting, in or
der that the final words might be lingered over.
SENSATIONAL
TO A DEGREE
Fleet Hares and Hounds
Started at Ingleside
Yesterday.
A Large Crowd Keeps the
Pool- Boxes Filled With
Coin.
Ladies Helped, to Swell the Throng
and Watched the Runs With
Interest.
There was excellent sport at the In-
THEY RACED IN THE FINAL— GRACE AT HIS POST.
;leside coursing grounds yesterday. An
inusually large Sunday crowd was in
ttendance and money poured into the
>001-boxes. The wise ones came out
head on the results as most of the fa
qrites proved to be the winners. It
as without doubt a ladies* day, as
hey were out in full force.
The sport is becoming so popular
hat those who are in search of recre
;ion and pleasure combined drive to
:\e grounds, some singly and some
• ith families, and as the course is
jrowded with orderly people only the
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JAXUAKY 10, 1898.
enjoyment is doubled. Yesterday :
President Shannon was in the field j
during most of the day, but he re- (
ceived a great disappointment when |
his fleet hound Swinnerton lost the
ooarae to Joy Bells in the third ties.
Lawyers and business men helped
swell the crowd, which stayed on the
grounds until after the final had been
won and lost. T. Lennon was in evi
dence, and the way he placed his
money on the dogs proved him to be
one of the talent. George Malcolm
was surrounded by a throng of ad
mirers as he won bet after bet, but it
is thought he "went against it" when
Sylvia beat Valley \lald in the fourth
ties.
Pat Malloye, who won his course up
to the third, is thought to be one of the
best that started yesterday. It is said
that no dog that ever ran a hare can
show the way for the first turn. The
stake yesterday was for beaten dogs
who have not won first, second or third
money for the past six months. The
best courses of the day were in the
second ties between Pat Malloye and
Cliffette, Sylvia and Magic and Swin
nerton and Lightning. A barrel of
money changed hands when Sylvia
beat Pat Malloye, as it was the general
opinion that the result would be just
the reverse.
The course between Tessie Fair and
Mountain Lassie was easily won by
the former, but the winner was slight
ly favored by the hare, which seemed
to turn under the hound's feet. Most
of the owners who started their
hounds yesterday were present, and
the talk of the great improvement of
the methods of coursing, as well as
changes for the better in the way of
conveniences for the public and the
general management, could be heard
on all sides. In fact, it is acknowl
edged that coursing Is the favorite
sport of the day. A good percentage
of the hares managed to find the es
cape, and the result as to points was
closely tallied by the onlookers. It is
thought some of the best hares on the
coast will start at the next meeting.
It was noticed that none of Curtis &
Son's dogs started amung the non
winners yesterday, which goes to show
what an excellent string they are in
possession of.
Here is how the judge decided:
Henry Spring's Pat Malloye beat P. Mc-
I.aiiKhlins Lady Perm, 6—4; W. Shield's
''iifTotte beat Gibson & slater's Molly
I'awn, 10—5; Kay & Trant's .Sylvia beat J.
McConnick'a White Lily, 4—2; E. C.
Bradbury's Magic beat C Strehl's Lil
li.-.n Ru«sell. 11—7: Georp>- Whattson's
Mountain Lassie beat M Michallk'<? Fire
ball. B—s: B. Doughertys Tessie Fair beat
James Byrne's Nelly 8., 10—1: J. Mur
nane's Valley Maid b«at G. Pinto's Her
cules. 4—o; M. Mlchalik's Douglas beat
J. J. Warrens Sweet Lips, B—6; S. E. Por
tal's At Last beat J. J. Edmonds For
get. 4—o: Scc»tt & Glasson's Joy Bells beat
W. E. Thompson's Victor, s—*);5 — *); D. Shan
non's Swlmi. rton beat W. E. Thompson's
High-born Lady, B—2: Lightning a bye.
Second ties— Pat Malloye beat Cliflfette,
10—8; Sylvia beat Mfigic. B—s; Tessie Fair
beat Mountain Lassie, 12—0; Valley Maid
beat Douglas. 4—o: Joy Bells beat At
Last, S— 2; Swinnerton beat Lightning, 8—
Third ties-Sylvia beat Pat Malloye, 5—
'J. Valley Maid Ucat Tessie Fair, B—6; Joy
Bells beat Swinnerton. 6—o.
Fourth ties— Sylvia beat Valley Maid;
Joy Bells a bye.
Final— Sylvia beat Joy Bells and won
the stake.
The War for the Union.
Next Thursday evening, January 13,
Rev. E. R. Dille, D.D.. will give a lec
ture at the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
streets, on "The War for the Union."
His lecture will be illustrated with about
12.-> views made from photographs taken
during the war (the celebrated Brady
views i, and the Prang views of Gettys
burg and other battles. Dr. Dille's popu
larity as a lecturer will doubtless crowd
the hall. Reserved seats can be secured
at the Association building.
Low's Horehound Cough Syrup for
coughs and colds; 10c 417 Sansome st. •
DERHAM TO
RESIGN HIS
POSITION
There May Be a Va
cancy in the Board
of Education.
A Kick Over Committee
Chairmanship Is
the Cause.
President Barrington's Recent
Apportionment Ends
in Trouble.
HARMONY NOT POSSIBLE.
Superintendent Webster Has tha
Naming of the Successor of
th.c Director.
Trouble has begun in the Boa»-d of
Education over the apportionment of
committees that was made by Presi
dent Barrington on Monday evening
last.
Director Derham is the principal ob
jector, and his kick is occasioned by the
fact that he lost the chairmanship of
the Elementary committee, one of the
most important in the gift of the presi
dent.
The change was made, according to
President Barrington, who is admitted
by all to be the fairest presiding officer
that the board has had for several
years, because many complaints had
been received that the communications
that are addressed to the committee
were not given proper consideration
and were allowed to remain in the pos
sossion of the chairman when they
should have been submitted to his con
freres.
Shortly after the meeting on Monday
night last, when Director Derham was
given the Health and Hygiene commit
tee and relieved from the chairmanship
of the Elementary committee, he tele
phoned to Secretary tV'elch and
stated that he desired to resign from all
committees, not only as chairman, but
as even a member.
At the same time he intimated that
he did not intend to stay long on the
board and that he desired to be re
lieved of all responsibility. Such threats
have been made by School Directors
before, and very little attention was
paid to the matter. Since that com
munication was received it has de
veloped that Director Derham is sin
cere in his intentions of getting out.
He believes that he has not been fair
ly treated, in spite of the fight he has
made against the majority and control-
Hng element in the board, and that he
should have been retained as chairman
of the Elementary committee in spite of
all that has happened. Should his
resignation be accepted by the board
Superintendent Webster will have the
naming of his successor, subject to the
confirmation of the board.
"Director Derham telephoned to As
sistant Secretary O'Donnell a few days
ago," said Secretary Welch last even
ing, "and requested him to see that his
name was kept out of the printed list
of committees. He gave no particular
reason, but it is pretty well understood
that the change in the chairmanship of
the elementary committee is responsible
for his desire to resign. "
Dr. Kagan had heard that Director
Derham was anxious to get out of all
committee work because he thought he
had been unfairly treated in the dis
tribution of committee chairmanships.
Secretary Welch has ignored Mr.
Derham's request to be left o.ff all
committees, believing that he has no
more right to leave his name off than
to put it on. If the Director wishes to
resign he must do so at a regular meet
ing of the board and by offering his
resignation to the board.
HIS MEMORY HONORED.
The Remains of plorio Antonovicl)
Borne to Their Last Rest
ing Place.
One of the largest funerals that has
passed through the streets of San
Francisco for some time was that of
Florio Antonovich, the well-known and
popular founder of the Austrian Mili
tary and Benevolent Association and
Slavonic Illyric Benevolent Society.
"Honest Antone," as he was familiar
ly termed by the thousands who knew
him for the past forty years on the
city front, was followed to Calvary
Cemetery by hundreds of mourners
who turned out to pay their last re
spects to his memory. The Austrian
military band, with the members of
the company, in their gray uniforms,
was there, as was also the members of
the Illyric civic society, besides hun
dreds of other citizens.
Antonovich arrived in San Francisco
in 1851, being one of the crew of the
ship Flying Cloud that made that re
markable voyage from New York to
San Francisco in eighty-eight days.
Arriving in this city he opened a res
taurant on the city front, which he
conducted for forty yearf while at the
same time he invested ii» mining stock
and accumulated considerable property.
During all of his many years in this
city his greatest pride was in being
an American citizen.
His remains were taken to St. Fran
cis' Church where religious services
were held by Father Giles prior to those
afterward held by the Illyric Society at
the grave, where A. Maluvich, the sec
retary, spoke of th» life of the de
ceased.
The following were the pallbearers:
A. Smythe, M. Comaich, G. Vitvich,
M. Cresalia. Captain V. Zuper. J. Tod
ish, R. Maroevich, L*uke Marich, G.
Franciscovieh and V. Bakulioh.
Had His Thumb Bitter)-
Martin Anderson. 2213 Powell street,
had his left thumb dressed at the Re
ceiving Hospital yesterday morning. He
said he was with a party of friends at 9
Belmont place, when a dispute arose and
a man nnrned Smith struck him. Dur
ing the fisrht Smith got Anderson's thumb
in his mouth and bit it. He declared he
would swear out a warrant for Smith's
arrest on the charge of mayhem.
Regulars and Nationals.
v To-morrow there will be played a me
of . football between a picked team of : sol
diers •of the ,• United i States ; army, and v a
, team • selected i from among members Tof
; the } National Guard '■ of \ this , State. The
regulars ; have * been > practicing ;•- at this
game at the Presidio for ; some time, and
they are: of the opinion that they will
vanquish any eleven not classed as pro
fessionals.
NEW TO-DAY.
Special Values
This Week!
65 pieces FANCY CHEVIOT SUITINGS, In checks, stripes
and plaids, 48, 50 and 52 inches in width,
Yard.
The former price of these goods was 75c, 85c and $1 yard.
\ 75 pairs WHITE .BLANKETS, size 72x80 inches, weight SlI
and a half pounds,
Price, $4.00 Rait-.
These blankets are slightly imperfect. Regular price was
$6 50 pair.
600 pieces BEST QUALITY FLANNELETTE, in stripes, plaids
and small checks, medium, dark and light colorings,
Price, 6ic Yard,
Regular value 10c yard.
10 dozen LADIES' SILK SKIRTS, in a good variety of fancy
colorings ; also a large assortment of LADIES' BLACK
TAFFETA SILK SKIRTS-extra quality.
Price, $s.OOEach.
The regular price of these skirts was $7 50 and $8 50.
EXTRA SPECIAL !
3000 REMNANTS FINE EMBROIDERIES in Swiss,
Nainsook and Cambric, lengths ranging from 2
yards to 4* yards each. All at exceedingly low
prices.
TELEPHONE OR,A.3STT 124.
• 111, 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST. STREET.
TO DANCE TILL
DAYLIGHT DAWNS
Commercial Travelers Will
Entertain and Want Their
Friends to Come.
A Hot Time Promised in Native Sons
Hall for Those Who Like
to Frolic.
Should any preoccupation be noticed
today in the manner of any of our
leading grocers it may be attributed to
visions of wine, woman and revelry.
For to-night the California Travelers'
Association is to hold high carnival in
Native Sons' Hall.
Not only the grocers but all the
friends of the members of the associa
tion, be their business what it may,
are cordially invited. The wise men of
the road are well versed in the con
duct of such matters, and a good time
is promised to everybody. There will
be edibles for the hungry, long, cooling
drinks for those who thirst and for
those of the older generation who pre
fer the more quiet delight of conversa
tion phonographs will be provided.
No distinction will be made in age or
importance. There will be partners for
everybody, ranging from four hundred
pound girls for the heavy merchant of
California street to diminutive dolJs
for the small though ambitious cash
boy.
The California Commercial .Travelers'
Association, of whom James R. T. Mer
shon.is president, is composed of about
one hundred and twenty-five members
taken from the Pacific Coast Travel
ers and the San Francisco Travelers'
Association. All the members are local
men running out of San Francisco. The
organization is a young one and this is
its first entertainment, so the travelers
expect to have it well attended, espe
cially as the price of admission is only
50 cents.
Besides dancing and a general good
time there will be a great deal of pro
fessional talent which will give an en
tertainment composed of amusing spe
cialties, good singing and living pic
tures from the Klondike.
LEW TO-DAY.
"invigorates in the morning
and refreshes at night."
Every pound of tea shipped
from Japan is critically in-
spected by the Japanese
officials and pronounced pure
and of high quality.
All good grocers sell Japan Tea.
You deal here because you
want the best goods
Reason enough for us to
be careful in buying and
selling -:.v
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY
Butter (2 squares 95c) *
Square 50c
Same kind we sell every, day
Scotch Whiskey (DCL)' $1
regularly $1.35 bottle (Caledonian)
This is the time of year for
hot Scotch— helps a cold
Irish Whiskey (D CL) Boc
regularly $1 bottle (Killycroy)
Fine blend of old Irish -whiskies
Our guarantee for quality
Alkethrepta > 20c
i'-.V ! regularly 25c tin here
Best quality of drinking chocolate
' Full of nutrition
French mustard 122 C
regularly 15c bottle
• Prepared by Dandicolle & Gaudin —
; Bordeaux
Shrimps ■', 3 tins 25c
regularly 10c tin
For shrimp salad
Tomato catsup 15c
regularly 20c bottle
Both sweet and natural — bot-
tling .
The best we can buy at any price
German lentils 30 lbs 25c
Same kind Jacob used to make the
red pottage with which he swin-
■ died Esau out of his birthright
Ispa sardines '•, . 10c
regular 12% c tin (12 to 14 fish)
Very, choice .
I PERFECTION . : . PREVAILS S
1 CUISIKE T SERVICE I
% • : -IN THE— ' . ; *
% LADIES' GRILL*
I a* palace. \t
• Direct Entrance from Market Street %
»»mnmi»i ml tMM«M**i« iir»iHH»
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
£»OO MAKK.ET ST., OPP P\LACB
Jr. • Hote! - Telephone 670. Residence 801
Valencia street. < ; Telephone. "Church" vi ."no_text