VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 42.
SPANIARDS THOUGHT TO BE SNEAKING
AWAY FROM THE CITY OF SANTIAGO
AS COMMODORE WATSON'S SQUADRON WILL APPEAR EN ROUTE TO SPAIN.
SPAIN'S CABINET HAS
TENDERED ITS RESIGNATION
TO THE QUEEN REGENT
Negotiations May Soon Be Commenced to Termi
nate th;e War-Alleged Conditions of Peace
Demanded by the United States.
LONDON, July 12.— The Mad
rid correspondent of the Times
telegraphing Monday says: Senor
Sagasta went to the palace to
day and tendered his resigna
tion and that of the Cahinet. It
is said that he advised the
Queen Regent to appoint a new
Cabinet, largely consisting of
the military element, which
would not necessarily mean the
adoption of a warlike policy, but
probably the reverse.
It is generaly expected that
the resignation will be acoc-pteil,
but the result may possibly b^
merely a partial reconstruction
of the Cabinet. The Ministers are
now in council, and S^nor Sa
gasta has doubtless communi
cated to them an account of his
audience with the Queen Regent.
MADRID, July 11.— It is asserted
that the United States makes the fol
lowing demands as conditions of
peace:
First— The possessions of Cuba and
Porto Rico with a port in the Canaries.
• nd— An indemnity of £48,000,000
(about $240,000,000).
Third— The retention of the Philip
pines as a guarantee of- the payment of
the indemnity.
FALSE RUMOR? ABOUT
OVERTURES FOR PEACE
Dispatches From Madrid Calculated
to Sound the Disposition of
Uncle Tana.
NEW York. July 11.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: There La no foundation for th"
report from Madrid that the United
States has made demands from Spain
.•is to conditions for peace, contemplat
ing thi cession of Cuba and Porto Rico,
with a port in the Canaries, the pay
ment of indemnity of £48,000,000 and
retention of the Philippines as guaran
tee of payment of the indemnity.
This Was the report sent out from
Madrid last night I was Informed by
a member of the Cabinet to-night that
this Government had made no proposi
tion whatever, either directly or indi
rectly, concerning peace, nor has any
proposition been received from Spain,
either directly or Indirectly.
The only basin for hope of the admin
istration that Spain will soon sue for
peace is the conviction that all classes
in Spain are rapidly being convinced of
the hopelessness of continuing the
struggle. This conviction is based on
the tone of the Spanish papers and on
The San Francisco Call
These terms are regarded as impos
sible.
POLITICAL SOIL
PREPARED FOR PEACE
Special cable to Th» Call and the Npw York
Herald. Copyrighted. 18S8, by James Gor
don Rennett.
MADRID, July 11.— The papers which
state that peace negotiations arc act
ually going on are not strictly cor
rect. The actual condition of affairs is
being diligently prepared in view of th<;
solution which may bring about peace.
The word "peacf" is written in b'g
letters at the head of the leading ar
ticles in the principal newspapers. Tne
Government wishes peace deeply, and
is Intensely anxious to know wliat
terms the United States are willing to
grant. If America sees the way to
anything like terms which may save
Spanish honor the war is at an end.
If, on the contrary, the terms are harsh
and sweeping, that is, if the American
jingoes dictate terms, their confreres
here will inevitably come on top with
their programme of war. If the mod
erates In America gain the day the
moderates h^re will predominate.
Premier Sagasta, on leaving the
council this morning, in answer to a
information received through press dis
patches from Madrid and other sources
of the sentiment of many leading men
I In Spain.
The report from Madrid that Senor
Sagasta's Ministry has resigned is be
lieved here to make the prospects for
early peace more favorable. It is
■ thought probable that Senor Sagasta
j has stepped out of the way to make
! room for a Cabinet which will nego
{ tiate for cession of hostilities and that
the dispatch from Madrid purporting to
! give demands made by th- I'nited
States was inspired for the purpose of
feeling the temper of th.' United Stat.s
by seeing how such terms would be
considered here.
BOMBARDMENT OF
THE WARSHIPS
Many Shells Fall Into the Bay, but
One Causes a Big Explosion
in Santiago.
' Copyrighted, IS9S, by the Associated Press.
OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA, via
Playa. del Este, July 11.— At 9:30 o'clock
I this morning after several range-find
i ing shots over the ridge protecting
I Santiago from the sea the United
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JULY 12. 1898.
question, said that the moment had not
come for discussing terms of peace, but
I have the best authority for the state
ment that the Government is in accord
that such time will be ripe when the
impending: fall of Santiago or the sur
render of Manila has taken place— in
fact, any further disaster which brings
home to the nation and the army the
hopelessness of further resistance
against the unlimited resources
brought to bear by the United States.
Sagasta is an out and out patriot, and,
according to the words of one of his
Cabinet, has to take into consideration
not only the dignity of the army which
has fought so heroically, but aJso the
future of a large body of Cuban volun
teers, far outnumbering the rebels, who
gave their services to the mother coun
try and who cannot be left to the
mercy of the insurgents.
It is said to be possible that Austria
might be a mediating power. The Gov
ernment knows from inquiries made
that the spirit of the people in the
country is favorable to peace, and the
partisans of the war would quickly be
reduced. In the army the sentiment
is universally in favor of a continua
tion of hostilities. Within four days
the Ministers have placed their resig
nations in the hands of Sagasta, who
has held them over.
! States cruiser Newark opened fire into
• the city with her 8-inch guns.
The signal corps officers stationed on
top of the ridge reported the effect of
I the shots.
The New York, Brooklyn and Indiana
! participated in the firing at intervals
I of five minutes.
The bombardment lasted for two
| hours, when General Shafter reported
\ that the shells were mostly falling in
the hay and doing but little damago.
' The last shot, howevetftotruek a promi
| nent church in the heart of the city,
which was heavily stored with powder
and ammunition, causing a tremendous
explosion. The extent of the damage is
not yet known.
When the warships ceased firing and
j before General Shafter had begun a
land attack, a flag • truce was seen
coming from the ity.
The object of this was not known to
day at noon. At 2 o'clock this after
noon the auxiliary cruiser Yale, with
General Nelson A. Mile!, and the United
! States protected cruiser Columbia ar
rived.
Rear Admiral . ampson visited Gen
! eral Miles immediately on his arrival,
I and then the Kale went to Siboney.
j General Miles and his personal staff
j landing In a pouring rain.
WORK MAPPED
OUT FOR WATSON'S
EASTERN FLEET
First of 011 It Must Destroy the
F^emnaQt of the Spanish
Navy.
NEW YORK, July 11.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
All chance of interception of Camara's
fleet in the Mediterranean by the East
ern squadron has disappeared as the
result of the departure from Port Said
to-day of the Spanish men-of-war. The
longer Santiago holds out the longer
Commodore Watson's command will
remain in Cuban waters. The author
ities, however, are making every effort
j to get the fleet ready to sail by the lat
ter part of the week.
The Naval War Board was in com
! munication with Commodore and Rear
i Admiral Sampson last night regarding
j the supplies needed by the Eastern
squadron and the plan it will follow
on its cruise. It is understood the cor
respondence which has passed related
to an increase of Commodore Watson's
squadron. The department will de
termine within the next few days
whether it will be politic or not to in
crease the force, but naval officers in
Washington strongly recommend that
i the fleet be made more imposing and
; stronger, so that it may without any
| possibility of failure destroy Admiral
Camara's squadron without injury to
itself. The need of protected cruisers
such as the New Orleans, Minneapolis
! and Columbia is especially pointed out.
! These ships, the officers say, would be
I especially useful in overhauling and
destroying the swift Patriota and Ra
pido, formerly the Normannia and Col
umbia of the Hamburg-American line,
which can run away from any of the
I ships now attached to the Eastern
j squadron.
An official with whom I talked told
me that the squadron would be kept off
the Spanish coast indefinitely if need
be. Its first work will be to destroy
the remnant of the Spanish navy now
under the command of Admiral Ca
niara, and, when this has been accom
plished, to cripple the Spanish mer
chant marine, to destroy ships now
under construction at Ferrol, Cartha-
Kena and Cadiz, and, if necessary, to
bombard coast cities.
Admiral Camara's destination, ac
cording to information received by the
I State Department to-day, is Carthe
gena.
A dispatch from the American con
sular agent at Port Said anm 'meed
that the battle-ship Pelayo, the . of
the Spanish men-of-war at Poi\. Said.
I left that port this morning and joined
the remainder of the fleet outside the
harbor, and proceeded on its way to
Carthngena. The officials also received
word of the departure of torpedo-boats
from Messina, Sicily, on their way to
the same port. It Is expected Camara's
fleet will occupy eight days in making
the voyage and will arrive at Cartha
gena on Tuesday of next week. It will
be impossible for Commodore Watson
to reach Spain before the early part of
August.
In accordance with the department's
instructions tho Yankee has taken on
board 350 tons of ammunition for the
Oregon, and tho Massachusetts is under
orders to proceed to Hampton Roads,
where sho will await the coaling of the
colllprs now at Norfolk. Thursday is
fixed by the department as the date of
sailing of this portion of the fleet.
PORT SAID, July 11.— The remainder
of Admiral Camara's fleet has sailed
for Spain.
MESSINA. Sicily, July 11.— The Span
ish torpedo-boats sailed for home to
day.
BRITISH CONSUL TELLS
WHY HE LEFT HAVANA
Says His Term Has About Expired
and His Departure Is Not Due
to the War Situation.
Special cable to The Cull and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, July 11.— Sir
Alexander Gollan, British Consul to
Havana, was asked to-day why he left
Havana.
"My term In the Consular service has
almost expired, " he replied, "and that
is the reason for my departure from
Havana. I have been tllere eight years,
and now am going home to enjoy my
self. I have not been recalled, nor is
my departure due to conditions in Ha
vana.
"I will say the stories of starva
tion in the Cuban capital are much ex
aggerated. Of course, privations and
want always exist among the lower
classes, and these conditions are inten
sified by the blockade, but tho situation
is not as serious as I have seen it re
ported to be, although hundreds are
dying of starvation."
ADMIRAL DEWEY AND
VICE ADMIRAL SCHLEY
Suggestion of the New York Herald
Finds Hearty Indorsement
From All Quarters.
NEW YOKis, July 11.— From all parts
of t ■■ country come prompt and hearty
indorsements of the Herald's suggestion
that the praties of admiral and vice ad
miral in the navy should be revived, and
that Dewey should be made admiral and
Schley vice admlrl. Tribute is uni
versally paid to the splendid work of
tucpe two officers in' the destruction of
Spain's fleet, and all agree that the high
est possible award should be given to
them.
WEfIK REPLY
TO PIPP OF
OMERICONS
Sfyafter Believes Toral's
Forces fire Rapidly
I^e treating.
Fearful Havoc Wrought by the
Guqs of the Besiegers on the
h|ills and on Warships.
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY BEFORE SAN
TIAGO, Sunday, July 10, by the Call-Herald dispatch-boat
Somers N. Smith, to Port Antonio, Jamaica, Monday, July
ii. — To-day's attack on Santiago began wiih a premature
volley from the rifle pits. No one then waited for the bat
tery signal. Within thirty seconds, over a distance of five
miles, the batteries belched a hail of shells. There was a sharp
reply of Mauser bullets for five minutes, but this soon died
away and the Spanish trenches were silent. Our guns
pounded on. In twenty minutes we had finished and, the
Rough Riders were cheering in the trenches. Either the
Spaniards have moved out of the city, leaving a few men to
cover their retreat, or they have withdrawn into the city and
are waiting behind barricades. This means a street to street
fight or a continuation of the bombardment. Our dynamite
gun hit one of the enemy's big guns fairly under the lip and
threw it thirty feet in the air. This caused cheering in the
camp of the Rough Riders.
Special cable to The Call and the Xew York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Uennett.
TVITH GENERAL SHAFTER'S
ARMY. BEFORE SANTIAGO, Sun
day night, 10 o'clock, by The Call-Her
ald dispatch boat Somers N. Smith to
Port Antonio, Jamaica, Monday, July
11. — Major General Shafter believes
that the main body of the Spanish
army has abandoned Santiago, and
that it is now fleeinr to the west ward.
It is the expectation as" I write this dis
patch that the American army will he
in full possesion of the city by noon to
morrow. A joint attack by the army
and navy was made upon the city late
this afternoon, and much destruction
must have been wrought by the Amer
ican guns on land and sea. To this at
tack the Spaniards made only a feebl^
reply. Our loss was insignificent. No
really earnest attempt to reduce San
tiago was made to-day. It was the
SENOR SAGASTA, Who Has Tendered His Resignation as Premier
of Spain.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
RICHARD HARDING DAVIS.
plan merely to give the Spaniards an
idea of what they might expect when
the American land and sea forces made
thoir final attack in the morning.
During to-day's firing, however, the
dynamite gun did great damage in the
city as did the shells fired from the
fleet from a position off Aguadores.
There is little question in the minds
of the officers of the American army
that General Toral's troops evac
uated the city, wUI« the Spanish com
mander was parleying with Gen
eral Shafter over the terms of surren
der. This belief is strengthened by re
ports from Aguadores, which place has
b,eon abandoned by the Spaniards.
Bands of Cuban soldiers report that the
enemy before evacuating the coast
town placed timbers over their in
trenchments to represent guns.
In my dispatches the fact that the
Spanish commander has authorized his
men to loot Santiago was mentioned.2
WHAT WAR COSTS
THE UNITED STATES
Nearly $100,000,000 Already Paid
Out of the Treasury to Con
duct the Army and Navy,
NEW YORK, July II. — A Washington special to the. Herald says:
Nearly $100,000,000 in cash has already been paid out of the treasury on
account of the war with Spain. It is impossible to obtain an accurate
estimate of the cost of the war for the reason that it is difficult to draw
the line exactly between what would be the ordinary expenses of the
army and navy and expenses directly chargeable to war. However, ex
penditures on account of the army and navy since the passage of the
national defense act have run more than $75,000,000 over the expendi
tures for the same period of last year. The greater part of this was ex
pended for the War Department, the expenses of which have increased
more than $50..000.000. The increase in naval expenditures has been over
$25,000,000. These figures represent the actual cash payments and do
not include contracts on which payments have not yet fallen due, as is
the case with many of the contracts made under the national defense
act. Since July 1 the war expenditures have averaged about $1,000,000 a
day, and it is expected they will run over this amount, when more of our
army is actually in the field, as the cost of maintaining it there is much
greater than in camps.
That news, taken in connection with
General Shafter's belief that the Span
iards have cro-ssed the bay and Ac
now retreating to the westward, caused
great apprehension in the American
ranks. Our troops fear that when they
rapture Santiago they will not take the
Spanish army, too, and they are keenly
disappointed over the prospect of find
ing only an abandoned and pillaged
city.
At the same time the belief is gen
eral that the evacuation of the city
and escape of the Spanish army would
be the most natural tactics for Geueral
Toral to adopt. It hay been evident for
BeveraJ days that the Spanish com
mander realized the hopelessness of hi 3
position, and the contention of many is
that he could make no shrewder :nove
than to cover the retreat of his army
by prolonged negotiations Cor the city's
surrender. General Shatter sant word
to Commodore Schley. who was tempo
rarily in command of the American
■ to bombard Santiago from off
Aguadores to-day. Admiral Sampson
had g>>ne to Guantanamo, anu Commo
ddre Schley, with the Brooklyn, Massa
chusetts and Indiana, took a position
off Aguadores.
These three vessels fired thiz ty shots
into th- Spanish defenses and d.'l some
damage In the city. Commodore Schley
used the big guns of the Beet in this
work. The American gunners reaaily
found the range and their effective
work was a splendid sight to witness.
While the lleet bombarded the city
Cr.-mmodore Schley signaled to General
Shatter asking if he should continue
the work. The answer signaled bacK
was to wait until to-morrow.
The American commander has noti
fied General Toral that the city will be
destroyed to-morrow, when the fleet
will renew its bombardment. All of
the American reinforcements now are
at the txpvt, as is all of the artillery.
It was 4:45 o'clock this afternoon
when the land forces made a feint on
the city. Hinds' battery from its po
sition at the extreme right of the
American line sent the first shell into
the Spanish intrenchments. This was
the signal for other batteries, and Im
mediately thin smoke* swept along the
rifle pits and across the ravine. Ca
pron's battery on the right with
Grimes 1 and Best's batteries on the left
chimed in. For some time the Spanish
batteries made no reply to our fire.
Presently one battery on the extreme
right of the enemy's position began to
throw shrapnel in the direction of
Hinds' and Cai -on's batteries, but most
of their shells went too high.
This fire made a pretty sight for half
an hour, but the men in our trenches
kept up a steady and accurate fire, to
which the Spaniards finally replied but
feebly. They earned to keep close
v.-ithin their intrenchments, and their
volleys came only at irregular intervals
and from various positions. One of the
Spanish batteries quickly was silenced
by a shell from Sergeant Barrowe's
dynamite gun. This shell sped with
deadly accuracy to a point where one
of the enemy's batteries was located.
The range had been obtained from a
study of the enemy's firing, which ap
peared to be lieavy at that particular
point. Our men only can conjecture as
to the damage this shell did, but the
battery fired no more afterward.
After our land firing had been under
way for an hour the reply of the enemy
was so feeble that the order was given
to cease firing. It was dusk by this
time. Supper was served and soon
afterward hundreds of camp fires
flashed along the ridge. Our men
chatted about the fight and made them
selves as comfortable as possible. Our
loss in the afternoon's fighting had
been insignificant and all the American
troops were in good spirits.
General Shafter was at the front dur
ing the firing. As the fighting pro
gressed the American commander, with
Generals Wheeler, Kent and Summer,
was puzzled by the feeble reply of the
Spaniards. They had expected that the
enemy would return a hot fire, and
their failure to do so seemed to confirm
the growing belief of the American of
ficers that General Toral had with
drawn his troops from the city. Dur
ing the early hours to-day the army
lay Impatient in the trenches, waiting
for word from Washington to renew
the attack. Our troops were holding
themselves in readiness to spring for
ward the moment the signal might be
given. Tho day had dragged along
slowly, for the troops were impatient
to attack. None of the soldiers had
■wanted General Toral's proposition for
conditional surrender accepted. They
did not want the Spanish troops to
have an opportunity to peacefully evac
uate the beleaguered city. While the
Spaniards left white flags floating over
their entrenchments, the stars and
stripes were raised over the American
line as soon as the armistice ended.
It is expected by to-morrow six bat
teries, with thirty-six guns, will be in
position to sweep the Spanish lines, al
though General Shafter can get along
without them when our troops open
fire from the ridge of San Juan hill.
From that point the Spanish position
can be swept with artillery and infan
try fire, and it will be impossible to
withstand it. I am told by soldiers
and line officers that whole regiments
in the forward trenches have agreed to
rush upon the Spanish lines at the first
opportunity, with or without specific
orders. Officers or regiments and com
panies when asked about this report
pretend ignorance, bi" they add that
they do not know whether they can
hold the troops In check or not.
A great part of the results accom
plished thus far in the operations be
fore Santiago have come about without
specific orders. At El Caney, for in
stance, our men had fought all day,
slowly forcing their way through the
hedges, lined with barbed wire, and
through woods filled with entangle
ments in the face of a withering fire
to within a few hundred yards of the
enemy's trenches. While these troops
were preparing to charge I am toll
one of General Shafter's aids rushed
up to General Chaff ee with an order to
desist from attacking El Caney and
prepare to march to the support of
troops In front of Santiago. General
Chaffee, my informant alleges, refused
to obey except on the written order of
General Shafter. The aid went back
to General Shafter's headquarters and
returned safely an hour later with a
written order to cease the attack on
the village. General Chaffee pointed to
the lines of the Twenty-fifth and
Twelfth Infantry, who then were
climbing the steen hill toward the prin
cipal fortification of El Caney, and
said: "There are my troops; go and
stop them." The aid returned to Gen
eral Shafter and reported the alleged
insubordination, but before his report
was heard by the American commander
El Caney had passed into the posses
sion of General Chaffee's troops.
I am told that the reason the Spanish
proposed to evacuate Santiago if they
could march out quietly with their
arms and ammunition was because
they feared they would be massacred
by the Cubans if they should surrender
unconditionally. There Is much feel
ing between our troops and the Cu
bans due in part to the refusal of the
insurgents to help build roads. The
New York, Massachusetts and Michi
gan troops havo done this work.
A Spanish deserter who entered our
lines this morning was taken to Gen
eral Wheeler's headquarters, where he
talked freely of the situation in Santi- i
ago. He said that the Spanish sol- ;
diers were much better satisfied since
General Toral took command, owing ;o
the wounding of General Linares. To- j
ral, he said, issues a supply of rum to !
the soldiers three times a day, and has
paid each soldier $3. That is the first
pay the Spanish troops have received
la six months. They still are willing
to fight if given plenty to eat. Although !
the water pipes leading into the city i
have been tapped, enough water for all .
present needs is obtained from the
wells in the city. There are also S
enough rations, particularly rice and I
beans, on hand to supply the Spanish
forces for some time, so the deserter
declared. He said that the city's streets
were filled with trenches and many
houses had been loopholed so troops
could fire from within. From this same
deserter the information was obtained
that there were no war vessels of any
kind in the harbor; that General Toral
has plenty of rifle ammunition, but \
that artillery ammunition is scarce. He
estimaled the garrison now in and
about the city numbered 12,000 men, in
cluding the reinforcements which re
cently arrived. The condition of the
refugees at El Caney is slightly im
proved, but the situation is such as to
invite disease.
The Red Cross is doing excellent
work, but the relief furnished sufferers
still is inadequate. Efforts are being
made to mark the graves of all Amer
icans killed in the operations about
Santiago.
Vultures already are attacking the
mounds where our fallen heroes are
buried. It Is proving impossible to
keep our soldiers from violating the
rules laid down for their guidance. The
men persist in eating green fruit and
drinking unboiled water.
The soldiers to-day carved the name
of the late Lieutenant Guerney on the
San Juan blockhouse. He participated
in the fighting on San Juan hill as a
member of the Twelfth Infantry and
was killed there.
HOW TORAL WOULD
SURRENDER SANTIAGO
Proposition Beceived With Favor by
a Majority of the Generals
Under Shafter.
SIBONEY, July 10(via Playa del Este).— I
General Shafter held a conference with !
the American generals at the front to-day
concerning the offer made by the Spanish |
commander, General Toral. to surrender .
Santiago If the Spanish garrison were al- i
lowed to march out with side arms and |
to have twenty miles' start without mo- j
lestatlon.
General Toral agreed that if this were
accepted he would not destroy the ships
in the harbor, the ammunition In the forts
or the bulldinps In the city. The majority
of the generals, Wheeler leading, are in
favor or the acceptance of these terms,
on the ground that the Spaniards can
march out to the westward anyhow, and
burn the city and destroy all the vessels,
guns and ammunition before leaving.
Death of ex-Senator Conger.
WASHINGTON. July 11 — Ex-Sonator
Conger of Michigan, who has lived here
sioce he left the Senate, died at Ocean
City, Md., this afternoon.
THE SAN FKA^CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 12, 1898.
POPULAR TENDENCY
IN FAVOR OF SCHLEY
But Amon£ Naval Officials the
Desire Is to Suspend Judg
ment Till Sampson Reports.
NEW YORK July 11.— A Washington special to the Herald says:
In the absence of an official report from Admiral Sampson of the naval
battle before Santiago there is a popular tendency, based on the story as
already told, toward Commodore Schley as the hero of the engagement.
But among the navy people especially and among many public men
there seems to be a desire to suspend judgment until ;.ll the facts shall
have been developed. This neutral feeling was helped along among
army and navy officers when they learned the contents of the dispatches
received to-day from Commodore Schley and Admiral Sampson, one giv
ing Sampscin the credit of victory and the other denying that there was
any friction between these two naval commanders, and commending the
officers of the licet, including Schley, for their effective work.
Public men, however, are outspoken. For example. Representative
Bailey of Texas, the Democratic leader in the House, said to me to-day:
"I should prefer to await the arrival of official reports before expressing
an opinion, but I think that the victory was undoubtedly due to Schley,
and the credits and awards should be his accordingly."
MAP OF THE VICINITY OF SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Showing
the Approximate Positions of the Several Divisions of the
American Army, With the Spanish Lines of Defense and
the Various Forts Guarding the Several Approaches to
the City.
BRINGING SICK
AND WOUNDED
FROM THE WAR
Complete List of the Disabled
Men Landed at Tampa by
the Cherokee.
WASHINGTON, July 11.— The f6l
lowing is a complete list of the sick and
wounded BOldiers brought to Port
Tampa on the transport Cherokee. It
was sent to the adjutant general's office
by Major Cafferty, surgeon in charge.
The list of officers was made public last
night. About 200 of the men have been
taken by the hospital train to the Mc-
Pherson barracks, Atlanta. The letter
following each name designates the
troop or company of the soldier:
First Cavalry— First Sergeant Charles
Karston, Troop D; Sergeant Frank Hun
dertmark, C; Corporal Frank Morgan, I);
I'ri vales Martin Robertson, A; E. J. Mix,
X; Gideon O. Donange. B; Allen W. Mul
len, B; Hugh L. Douglass, C; Hendy Pos
ter, D; Augustus Crupemrtafa, D; Huii
bard Townsend, I; Frank B. Wiel, A;
Patrick D. Ovey, K.
Third Cavalry— Sorg.:»iits Henry Sleight,
Troop X; Joseph T. Murphy. C; William
R. Reese, H; Consuela A. Swan, C; John
Balla, B; Corporal Edward Bonner, I;
Privates John G. Hurtill, C; Thomas P.
Gordon, X; George Dearlsteln, F; Ar
thur L. Lucia, E; Jacob Polster, H; Wil
liam McComb, E.
Sixth Cavalry — Sergeants Christian
Lunternach, Troop E: Charles Voight, C:
Corporal Philip Lowsky, A; Trumpeters
James Wilson, X; William L. Murphy,
G: Privates William Rudder, G; John
H. Boyer, E; John Wright, F; Peter
Johnson, F; Benjamin Krustal, J; James
J. Ferehat, D.
Ninth Cavalry — Sergeant Henry F.
Wells, Troop D; Corporal John Mason,
II; Private Benwell R. Bullock. D.
Tenth Cavalry— Sergeant George Do
zouls, Troop D; Chief Musician Washing
ton Darrow; Privates John F. Chirm, I;
Richard Hopkins, G; Houston Reddle, I;
Charles S. Hardy, I; Charles M. Berry,
E; Thornton Bulkley, I; Wade Kledsoe,
D; Joseph Williams, G; John Pruen, B; j
Charles <". Centers. C; William Gregory,
C; John E. Huston. C; John Reullven. C;
Benjamin F. Druien, H; C. F. Zook, C.
Third Infantry— l'rlvates Lewis N. Cul
ver, Company F; George Bentley, C;
Charles Easterberg, F.
Fourth Infantry — Corporal David T.
Weldon, Company C;Musicians Paul Bue
echell, C; Solomon D. Dobsino. D; Pri
vates Harry Bachrach, C; William A.
Benner, C; MichaeJ O'Donnell E; Hella
Huezman, C; Thomas Sherry, C; William
Clark. E.
Sixth Infantry— Corporals Francis Chrl«
tian. Company C: Dan C. Lytle. Ifr Arti
ficer Charles Elkln, C; Privates William
Manns, A; William Taphom, E: C. H.
Horn, E; Michael Welsh, H; Frank Ward, ;
D; Edgar Nichols, B; Henry Shutellhuth, j
A; Patrick McDonald. E: G. A. Camji. R;
Charles Franklin, C; William Schoom, A;
Fred Ripberger. H; Charles Wallers, J£; 1
Joseph Hasch. C; Delman Bagley, D; Ol- i
iver Couts, B; S. H. Arnold, F; Nelson
Pasno, H; Robert C. Doutaz, D; Valerian i
W. Irwin. F; Joseph Turney, B; William i
Wilson. F; Wiliard Myers. f>.
Seventh Infantry— Sergeants John E.
Lane, Company D: John J. Bushter, C;
Corporals George H. Copeland. I; John P.
Stacke, C; George D. Bartholomew, F; |
j Oscar Gertz, G; Charles H. Dunn, B; '
! Robert M. Smith. B; F. C. Benham, C; i
IW. M. MeFarland. A; Musician Elmer
Zorn. C; Privates Francis Crothy. A; Dan '
; Mahony, A; George W. Campbell, G;
1 Robert H. Bailey, A; Charles Reardon,
A; Charles Spellen, H; Charles Greeley,
O; Louis G. Steen. E: Peter Marrton, E;
Ncls Christensen, F; Francis G. Lang, I; :
Joseph Hensley, I: Michael J. Moore, A; I
Ernest Gaber. C: George H. Fullerton, B;
Fred Jung. C; Daniel Connelly, D; Otto
Rose. F; John Brown, F.
Eighth Infantry— Privates Henry C.
Lichten, Company E; James J. Harmon,
C; William E. Laston, (4; John J. Don
nelly, D; Rudolph Rehman, E; Patrick F.
McGooth, C; John Miller, B; Max Miller, I
B; Patrick Canning, C; Gregory Mullen,
B.
Ninth Infantry— Corporal Clarence L. I
! Adams, Company B; Privates George !
| Fargo, F; Arch F. Mattom, G; Nelson E.
I Tryon, C; A. M. Allister, C; Walter Wei
chert. E.
Tenth Infantry— Musicians Andrew Hoff
man, Company H; George Fenton, D; Pri
vates Cabin Jones, D; John Welton, H;
George P. Douglass, G; Frank Ridgley,
C: Allen C. White, E.
Twelfth Infantry— Sergeant Edmund Ger- !
ber. Company B; Corporal Paul Shondel i
Mayer, F; Warren F. Weston, C; Artificer
Daniel H. Mulkey. D; Privates Sid Gid
eon, E; Barney Redman, E: Rufus fa.
Bignor, D; Luther Smith. A; Joseph P".
Whitman, G; Orvin B. Hatch, C; John
W. Wlnbern, D.
Thirteenth Infantry— Sergeant Law
rence Duman, Company B; Corporal Al
de.n Knowles. F; Musician William Far
rell, Bj Privates George Graham, C;
Frank Bryant. C: Joseph F. Phelan. H;
Peter W. Davis. D; George W. Blanken
ship, B; Duncan Kirkland, H; Charles
, Muller, F; Charles Logan, F; Jerry Sul
i livan, C.
Sixteenth Infantry-— Corporal Jeremian
• Riiti«r. Comnanv C: Privates Arthur D.
Orcutt, B; Charles Bernhart, E; T. B.
Holly. D.
Seventeenth Infantry— Sergeants Philip
Henderson, Company B; John Dixon, H;
Corporal Charles P. Dovell. E; Adolpu
Croff, F; Artificer John L. Hubbard, E;
Privates John Dunn, B; John Cerne:, C;
James Clark, F; Oscar Blodkins, C: Ar
chie P. Bay, C; Herman Kappes, F: Fred
McLeon, A; Jacob C. Messer. H; Frank
Sprague, F; John 1.. McDonald, B.
Twentieth Infantry— Privates William
11. Prather, Company H; George Tall
mang, W; Barthol Schlitsbaum, E.
Twenty-first Infantry— Sergeant Julius
Sehultz, Company G; Corporal Chauncey
Minkler, A; Musicians George G. Gfind
ler, William A. Churchill, E; Privates
Henry N. Seymour. A; Jones Hanson, *E;
William A. Garston, A; E. A. Garfield. A.
Twenty-spcond Infantry— Sergeant Wil
liam Parnell, Company E; Corporals
Homer E. Hewman, H: "Christian P. Nel
son. G; Privates Alexander B. Strock, F;
Frank W. Kelson. E; Jonh Sweeney, C;
George Hoover. D: John H. Grotness. 15;
Joe Smith, B; Charles A. Osgood, G; Wil
liam Mandel. C; Charles A. Pound, G.
Twenty-fourth Infantry — First Ser- ;
greant Merriam H. Ellis, Company D; Cor
porals Pat Keys, D; Robert W. Roberts,
B; Musician Charles Jones. B; Privates
Thomas Davis. D- Richßrd Henderson, E;
Joseph Butcher, F; Henry Gateles, F;
Charles F. Pope, A; Joe Lnmax. H;
George L. Hitton, Q: James YV. Wilson,
C; John .1. Johnson, H; William Johnston,
D; E. Proctor. F; Samuel Bridgowater,
A; Alexander Morrow, C; Charles Halns,
G: Toney Moore. A.
Twenty-fifth Infantry— Sergeant W. B.
Proctor, Company F; Privates Joseph 1,.
Johnson. C; John Thomas, G; William
Lafayette. F: A. Daniels. G; John H.
Boyd, C; Elwood A. Freeman. H; Samuel
Wharley, C; George P. Cooper, G.
First Volunteer Cavalry — Sergenat
George W. Annijo. Campany F; Corporal
John Mullen. E: Farrier James Cook. I-;
Privates John Henderson, G: Amil Corsie,
A; Hoy L. Albers. F; A. F. Cosby. X;
Will Freeman. X: J. J. Rodgers, L. *
Second Massachusetts Volunteers— Cor- !
porals Joseph W. Eaton. Company D; |
Leonard L. Richardson. F; Fred A. Sim
mons. M: Privates Alfred E. Rose. D:
Edward Donnous. E: Frederick Slate, 1>:
Peter N. White. A; David A. Detour. E;
Joseph M. Fartll. I,: Fred C. Schiller. T.;
Howard Mayrich, B; Ernest P. Marble,
I; Anthony Kane. D; Arthur L. Gary. II;
Patrick J. Brcsham, G; Christopher Rear
don, B.
Ninth Massachusetts Volunteers—Cor
poral James F. Cunningham, Company F.
Nineteenth Massachusetts Volunteers-
Private Edward B. Hyde. Company D.
Seventy-first New York Volunteers—
Quartermaster sergeants J. S. Lyon,
Company B; James F. Macmahon. H;
Privates John Joffreys. B; Malcolm Bar
rett, M; H. P. Richardson. A: John Nian
ycr. X: H. J. Holskamp, I.; W. B. Clark.
L; Fred Shaw. A; Ch;uies J. Dixon. A; |
Frank L. Flint. D: 'Joseph G. Pohalskl,
F; Peter J. Ciiningham. L.
Twenty-fourth Michigan Volunteers-
Private Homer Durgin. Company A.
Thirty-first Michigan Volunteers— ■
Musician Walter S. Swanger, Company I.
/h'.rty-fourth Michigan Volunteers—
Private's John A. Ferguson, Company I;
Bertram Allen, G.
Hospital Corps— Privates E. J. GnfTen,
William Collier.
ONLY TWO SPANIARDS
SEEM IN TWO BATTLES
Wounded American Officer Relates
His Strange Experience nt San
tiago to Secretary Alger.
WASHINGTON, July 11.— Secretary
Alger shook hands to-day with the first
of the wounded men direct from the
field. A small party of the wounded ar
rived here during the day, consisting of
Captain Brereton of the Twenty-fourth
Infantry; Lieutenant McCoy, Eighth
Cavalry- ; Lieutenant Cash of the Rough
Riders. Lieutenant Mead of the Twen
ty-first Infantry and Lieutenant Trail
of the Seventy-first New York.
They were on leave and on their way
home to recover from their wounds.
Lieutenant McCoy was on crutches and
all of them showed they had been in the
hands of the surgeons. About noon
Lieutenant Cash of the Rough Riders
went to the War Department and re
ported to Adjutant General Corbin. The
latter showed the wounded officer
through to Secretary Alger's private of
fice. The Secretary was engaged for
the moment with a Senator, who, no
ticing the wounded man, arose and
said:
"After you, sir."
The Secretary warmly greeted this
first eye-witness of the fight. He held
out his left hand to the Secretary, for
his right hung in a sling, having been
shattered during the first day's light
at Santiago. The Secretary listened
with much interest to the recital of the
conditions prevailing, and assured his
visitor that he and all the other wound
ed would be given the fullest attention
and consideration.
Lieutenant Cash said that the men he
left are cheerful and full of enthusiasm
and had no complaints of suffering to
make. He said: "The Spanish are
desperate fighters and very fine marks
men. Their fire was extremely hot and
well directed and our great trouble was
that we could not see them. We simply
had to fire where we thought they
might be. During the two engagements
I was in I saw but two Spaniards.
Both of these I saw in the first engage
ment. In the second engagement I did
not get a chance to fire my gun, though
I was in it for several hours and was
half way up the hill when struck.
"At the first engagement near Sib
oney, where the Rough Riders were
first subjected to such a galling fire and
where we lost a lot of our men, we were
not surprised. We knew that the Span
iards were in ambush and we were try
ing to beat them out."
FREEMAN HALSTED'S
SENTENCE MODIFIED
Curzon Makes a Statement Regarding
the Canadian Wnr Correspond
ent's Case.
LONDON, July 11.— The Parliamentary
Secretary for the Foreign Office. Mr. Cur
! zon, replying in the House of Commons
to-day to a question on the subject of thn
! arrest of the Canadian war correspond
: ent. Freeman Halsted, who was arrested at
I Porto Rico and sentenced to nine years'
I imprisonment for taking photographs of
j the fortifications at that place, said that
j recent reportß showed the conditions of
j Halsted's Imprisonment had been altered,
as they were threatening to seriously af
' feet his health. The British Embassador
I at Madrid, Sir Henry Drummond Wolff,
i had i.ierefore been instructed to make
! representations to Spain, with a view to
1 obtaining more humane treatment for the
prisoner, and he had expressed the hope
that the latter's sentence of nine years'
' Imprisonment would eventually be miti
■ gated.
WILL BE SUBSCRIBED
SEVERAL TIMES OVER
Popular Demand for the Big Bond
Issue — No Chance for Banks
or Corporations.
NEW YORK, July 11.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Sub
scriptions for the $290,000,000 bond issue,
which will close on Thursday of this
week, continue to come in rabidly, and
the loan will be subscribed several
times over. The intention of Congress
to make it a popular loan will be car
ried out, and the present Indications
are that It will be distributed among
at least 200,000 individuals, the average
amount of bonds allotted to any one
person being 51000. Assistant Secre
tary-Treasurer Vanderlip told me this
afternoon that individual subscriptions
would amount to more than the entire
loan, and not a bond would go to any
bank, corporation or firm.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, July 11.
Stmr San Jose, Searle, 21 hi days from Pa
nama.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT ROSS— Balled July 11— Schr La Chilena,
for San Francisco.
SHAFTER IS NOW
ANXIOUS TO SAVE
HIS SOLDIERS
o»aaaaßaaaaaaa»»a«aw*«*®«** a ®*®*®»»
$ WASHINGTON, July i i.-The War Department has posted the g
n following dispatch from General Shafter: -,,','.*. tj j O
O "Playa del Este. July ii.-Adjutant General, Washington:- Head- 3
g quarters near Santiago, July n.-The following report of casualties in o
O the First Division yesterday afternoon has just been received: Killed- 3
» Captain Charles W. Rowell, Second Infantry, and Private Peter Nelson, «
8 Company A, Second Infantry. O
O "Wounded— Lieutenant N. J. Lutz. Second Infantry; Private Charles O
»■ Jenks, Company A, Second Infantry: Private Charles Lentki, Company «
a B, Second Infantry, and Private Nelson Gilbert Jr., Twenty-first In- -ft
a fantry." ®
aaaaaaac-aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaao
WASHINGTON, July 11. — General
Shafter's report from Siboney, sent just
before midnight last night, caused the
officials of the War Department to
wait all day with the expectation of
hearing that the bombardment of San
tiago had begun. No word to that ef
fect came, however, up to the time the
department closed, and though there is
little reason to doubt that th? general
carried out the programme of which
he had notified the department, it was
regarded as possible that he had con
sented to a further extension under the
■flag of truce, in view of certain signs
of weakening' on the part of the Span
ish commander. It is supposed here
that General Miles, with additional re
inforcements on the Yale, will arrive
at Siboney to-night or to-morrow
morning, and if a surrender has not
been secured by that time, it is be
lieved that the assault upon the town
proper will be prosecuted at once with
the greatest energy and determina
tion.
Tests made recently of the naval ord : '
nance gave very unsatisfactory results,
when it was attempted to project [
' shells over the high hills from the open
, sea into Santiago City. Possibly bet- !
\ ter results may be attained to-morrow j
; if the attack is resumed then, but there
ia more likelihood that the main re- ;
liance will be on such of the lighter j
draught vessels of Admiral Sampson's j
j fleet as may succeed in getting closer
i to the shore and in a better position
than the heavy battle-ships.
The officials here are satisfied that
what appears to be delay on the part
of General Shafter was really caused :
; by his efforts to carry out strictly the '
: President's injunction to prevent the
Spanish army from escaping to San
tiago. He might have attacked the
town several days ago, with the result
that if the Spanish were overcome they :
would have retreated without obstruc
tlon to the northwest, beyond the reach
jof our soldiers to follow. His dispatch
[ written late last nisrht indicates clear- ;
i ly that he has been trying to complete ;
' his line of investment so as to prevent !
1 such an escape, and as he appears to
■ feel satisfied that h^ has accomplished
this the final assault will not be de
layed much longer.
General Shafter is disposed to save
' every life possible in the war, probably
having in mind the particularly large
■ proportion of killed, wounded and mips
ing compared to the total strength of
his army from the battle of Caney.
, whi*h the official figures promulgated
to-day show was exceptional In modern ;
warfare.
It is to save our troops that he de- j
sires to make a free use of artillery be- !
fore the assault proper begins, and I
OUR SICK AND WOUNDED
IN SiBONEY HOSPITALS
Only Seventy-Five "Under Treatment
for Serious Amputations or
Bone Fractures.
STRONEV. Province of Santiago, July
1 m (via Playa del Este, by the Associated
Press dispatch-boat Cynthia ll).— There
' are only seventy-five wounded men in tne
hospitals here, who are beinp treated for
serious amputations or bone fractures. In
the hospitals at the front there are no
wounded soldiers. The serious cases and
all the rest of the wounded are on board
the hospital ship Relief or on the trans
ports bound north.
The situation from a sanitary point of
view is susceptible of much improvement.
The landing of the reinforcements is
! progressing rapidly. All the men of the
Firnt Illinois Regiment, six batteries of
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
The manufacture of ladles' hats does not pay In war times. After thlfc
week we drop out until the war is over, be it six weeks or six years. Will
continue our trade in untrimmed hats and millinery goods, and make up to
order only; $500 in trimmed hats and millinery will be sold this week at a
mere fraction of their cost.
Ladies' fine trimmed, seasonable styles, worth $3 60 to $7 50. choice for $2.
Ladies' or misses' untrimmed hats, neat, 1898 purchase, as low as 5 cents.
Come in and see our closing out sale of millinery; it will pay fare. Ladles'
stylish trimmed hats, summer wear, $2 50 to $3 50 value, choice for $L
SHOE BARGAINS. I THINGS TO USE.
Boys' Heavy Everyday Shoes, good, 2, 8, 4.. 90 c Lawn Mowere, 10-inch. $5 value $1 95
Youths' Heavy Everyday Shoes, 11, 11%, .75c Blood's Celebrated Needles, small 51r»........i 0
Men's »50 Skaguay Shoes, light c010r..... 51 50- BSSs3?^==iE
Gins- Narrow shoes, 2^. 3. 8V4. heeis. ...BOc chn^r^' p.c^^ols:::;:::::::::::.":^
Men's or Boys' $3 60 Button, fine. sto i%....90c Feather Pillows, good size. . '".'.'.'.'.'. 500
Ladies' Fine Kid Lace $2 Shoe. 3. 3Vi. 4. 4^..51 Fine Plaid Bed Blankets, dark 750
Girls' School Shoes, 13V4. 1. 1% 65c, 7:.c Mexican Hammocks,- strongest kind ....500
,-m tv. viA VcxpA lira 2U 3 SRp *' Sa tche!s, 2 days to close $350
Cloth Kid Foxed Lace, nk 3 85c Fa , ry goap _ knQw how fl •»
A full stock Fine Shoes, all styles.
THINGS TO WEAR. THINGS TO EAT.
• .■■■■•, .■ _ . " .: Broken Candy, every day till 10 a. m Bo
Ladles' Fine Trimmed Hats, $3, now $1 pi ne Sliced Peaches. 2-rh tins, to-day 5o
Untrlmmed Hats, 20 styles.. 6c, 10c Silver Prunes, large, tart, this week '.3a
Little Silk Bootees. $125 value.... 25c Rex Chewing Gum for 2 days. l c
LHtle Girls' Finest White Dresses. ,6, ,8..... J2 g° m |l m^ Cl^houTe'sausaKe::::::: ■""•]&
Little Summer Dress, ready made.. ..:..... 36c B ioc
Fine Cambric Night Dresses, 75c value 50c
Ladles' Black Hose, out size, large 1eg5..... 25c • VS^ATT^ I^APPR
Ladies' Fine 2-bit Seamless Hose... 12*- ' " xx*i*J x n.l lul\.
Men's Scarlet Flannel Shirts, small size — 50c Lot 12Vi, 8 Double- Rolls, blue tint 4s
Men's Scarlet Flannel Drawers, 5ma11.. ......50c Lot 20. 5 Double Rolls, green flowered. "450
Men's Heavy Wool Sweaters, c105ing. :....« 50 £* 21, 6 Double Ro 1 .pmty powered 54c
Boys' Little Middy Suits. $3 50 value.. $150 1 waU pfpe^ln-be-srilas
— ■ styles, 3c apiece. .
Big discounts on everything in custom tailor
department. Save a few dollars on ; your suit Headquarters lor bouse furnishing at low
now. . ■ " prices.
Goods Sold to the Trade at Above Prices, but No Further Redactions
We deliver poods anywhere in town. RpV^ *£3«fi ll B^ro el ; 3^^^^
We deliver same day across the bay. 'M Wi 3a *■
We want to please buyers of all lines. aEm pS 3 m
We expect you to buy for your wants. [ 0\ £^ g> HB : H^vaaw V*. r^ m» •
We understand packing for Alaska. r*>3 g"fl JT 1 I f*r y^
All car lines bring you here for a single ___ A—
fare. 25-27 Market St., S. F. ;
also to secure the co-operation of th*
1 navy in the attack. The little artillery
; duel of yesterday appears to have been
more serious in its results than was at
first inspected by General Shafter him
' self, for, during the afternoon he was
obliged to report as a result the death
; of Captain W. Rowell, Second Infantry,
j one of the most gallant and popular
j officers of the regular establishment.
! Captain Rowell was born in New York
j and was appointed to the military
! academy in 1870. He became a second
lieutenant in 1874, a first lieutenant in
j 18S1 and was placed in command of the
: company which he led to his death in
! 1596. His death caused deep grief
! among the officers of the department,
! who respected him for his soldierly
qualities as manifested in his hard
! service in the West.
Ex-Secretary Herbert had quite a
conference with Secretary Long this
afternoon upon the subject of fire
proof wood for naval construction. He
brought with him a formidable array
of facts, gathered from the newspaper
reports of the naval battle, to show
that fire was the element that worked
the greatest destruction among the
vessels of the Spanish squadron, and
thaft wherever American vessels had
been hit, even in the case of the tiny
torpedo-boat, they had escaped such
fires because all of their woodwork was
fire proof. So impressed was Secre
tary Long with the statement that he
had concluded to reconvene a special
board which was appointed some time
ago to deal with this matter and which
had recommended that the use of the
prepared wood be curtailed in some
measure in American warship build-
Navat officials say that a serious ir
regularity occurred at the time the
ships of Admiral CVrvera's fleets
hauled down their colors and surren
dered. Inquiries have brought out the
fact that the breech blocks of the ?uns
were thrown overboard, thus disabling
the guns and making them practically
worthless, and th^ Talvea by which th»
ships were flooded were opened after th"
surrender, which was a breach of the
rules of warfare. th<> enemy having
ceased fighting and having asked for
quarter. It is said that further de
struction of the ships at such a time
vq? both wanton and dishonorable, and
that if the persons responsible for it
are located they are likely to be held
accountable.
The department has not yet received
the report of the court of Inquiry,
showing in detail the injuries to thes<»
ships and the possibilities of salvage.
The press report of the hoard's find
ing:?, saying that only the Maria Teresa
:<: < could be saved, excited much surprise,
; as it was confidently believed that the
; CYiinn also muM be saved in w&olo or
lin part. The officials are still hopeful
j that the full report of the board will
show that there is a chance of saving
I the Colon.
lipht artillery and 815 recruits for the
regular infantry are now ashore, and it
is probable the Eighth Ohio men from the
St. Paul will be landed by noon to-mor
row. A coal-laden schooner, the Stevens,
drifted against the hospital ship Relief,
and both would have drifted ashore but
for the prompt assistance rendered them
by the Cynthia 11.
Food and water are very scarce in San
ti.-ig-o. One biscuit was recently sold for
$5 in gold.
The Cuban auxiliaries were put to work
this morning policing the camps at this
place.
It is earnr-stly hoped that Ouiterrez will
order all the buildinsrs here to be burnefl
immediately, and thus reduce the chances
of the spread of a serious epidemic.
Succor for French Refugees.
FORT DE FRANCE. Island of Mar
tinique. July 11.— The French cruiser Rig
ould de Nouilly has left for Santiago da
Cubn and thence for Juragrua, in order to
embark French refugees, if necessary.POPULIST SHIP IS HEADING
TOWARD THE FUSION REEFS
STRIFE OF WARRING
FACTIONS THREATENS
TO WRECK THE CRAFT
There'll Be Mutioy Aboard if Maguire's Southern
Seamer) Succeed in Getting Control of
tf)e hjelm.
Middle-of-the-Road Members of the Crew Certain to Desert Unless a
Pilot of Their Own Choosing Be Put
in Charge.
SACRAMENTO, July 12. — At midnight the fusionists were loudly asserting that they were complete masters
of the situation; that they would elect E. L. Hutchinson chairman of the convention and would deliver the party over
to Maguirc
Chairman Wardell of the State Central Committee called a caucus late to-night, which was held in the dining
room of the State House. Wardell, in calling the caucus to order, said that several members of the committee
met this afternoon to ascertain the will of the majority in regard to organizing the convention, and decided upon a
caucus.
The first victory for the fusionists came when a motion was made and carried pledging the delegates to abide
by the action of the caucus. In vain the middle-of-the-roadsters protested, and when the motion was finally carried
R. H. Webster nnd his followers withdrew, leaving the fusionists in complete possession.
From that time everything was harmonious. Van Meter of Fresno was elected chairman of the caucus and
Gregory of Alameda secretary.
When nominations for chairman of the convention were called for_Douglass T. Fowler of Alameda and E. L.
Hutchinson of Los Angeles were nominated. The ballot was secret and Hutchinson was announced to be the choice
of the is by a vote of 55 to 21. This shows the strength of the fusionists at the present time.
(.re .;.iry of Alameda was chosen secretary by acclamation, and after considerable discussion as to the pro
gT.-mme to be followed it was decided to caucus again to-morrow.
The anti-fusionists, though somewhat disconcerted at the outcome of the caucus, are still full of fight and say
they are by no means whipped. They say the 76 votes for chairman show the full strength of the fusionists, while
many of the middle-of-the-roadsters will not be here until morning. Some of them talk of bolting the convention if
fusion carries and nominating an independent ticket from top to bottom. Johnson, the veteran journalist and one of
the earliest Populists in California, opposes this plan, and in the event of fusion will issue a call to the Populists of
the State. dedans that the party has been delivered over to Maguire by spoilsmen; and, as the best way to defeat
their object i- to make every Populist vote count for two, he will urpe that every Populist vote for the Republican
head of the ticket and support the remainder of the fusion ticket. The ballot will serve the double purpose of de
feating the place-hunters and demonstrating the strength of the Populists and serve to keep the party alive.
This plan is meeting with much favor among the middje-of-the-roadsters and it will undoubtedly receive their
united support. J. J. COREY.
BREAKERS AHEAD OF
PEOPLE'S PARTY
If Fusion Wins Many Delegates
Will Walk Out of thje
Convention.
SACRAMENTO, July 11.— That there
will b.- a spirited and hotly contested
fight over the fusion proposition when
th-- PomiJtet Cunvention meets to-mor
:ig in che Assemt'y chambers
at the State Capitol is now evident.
Judging from the tenor of the remarks
! the delegates there is every
Indication of a split in the Populist
ranks. If an open rupture is avoided it
will be due to the radiance o£ some
itar that has not thus far ap-
I -d on the political horizon.
Quite a number of the delegates from
southern portion of the State are
in favor of fusion. With them fusion is
Bynonymoua with Maguire. The fine
work of the Gallagher-Maguire wing of
the Democracy is now showing. The
Bouthern fusionists want to see Con
nominated for Gov
ernor, as they believe that it will
strengthen hid fight in the Democratic
convention.
From the counties of the north dele
gates have been sent who are opposed
to Magulre and fusion. They hope to
see Khunahan, the "tall Sycamore of
Shasta," head the State ticket, and
they are not overlooking any points
in the political game. With them it is
Shanahan or nothing. They will not
listen for a moment to any suggestion
of fusion. They think that an out-and
out straight Populist ticket should be
nominated, and that the party should
go before the people on purely Populist
lines. Maguire, they say, has become
bo adept in straddling the fence and
dropping oil on the side that will bring
the greater number of plums to his
friends that they have no faith in him.
They say that he could take a Populist
platform for breakfast and swallow a
icratlc platform for dinner, with
out feeling the least disquietude, no
matter bow diverging might be the
planks.
The Populists stand to-day on the
brink of a precipice. If the fusion idea
obtains there is certain to be trouble
and probably a disruption of the party.
With Maguire in the front there will
be many Populists dropping out of the
ranks. In lact some of the interior
delegates have been instructed to vote
against the proposition of fusion, and
their instructions go further. If the
fusionlsts carry the day the delegations
are to withdraw from the convention.
These instructions will be carried out.
With fusion and Maguire there is a
FtG-rmy time ahead of the Populist
party.
Until the question of fusion is set
tled the delegates are at sea. The fight
of the convention will come on a reso
lution pledging the delegates to not
nominate or indorse any candidate for
a State, legislative or Congresional of
fice who will not unequivocally sup
port the platform of the Populist party.
If this resolution prevails Maguire will
be out of the race, for there is certain
t be a < onflict on some vital points be
tween the platforms of the Populist and
Democi parties.
If the anti-fusion forces carry the
day .Shanahan will find a strong rival
in J. V. Webster, who ran for Governor
four years ago. Webster is one of the
leaders of the anti-fusion forces and
has a host of friends. T..v ;
George W. Monteith, a San Francisco
attorney, who raji for Congress two
years ago, is mentioned as a guberna
torial < -andidate. Whether his name
will go before the convention will do
voive on the fusion fight. His friends
believe that if fusion prevails he will
Btand a good chance in a race with
Bhanahan and Webster. Shanahan has
]o?t considerable ground because of a
rumor that he does not want the gu
bernatorlal nomination "for keeps." It
is charged against him that if nomi
nated on an anti-fusion ticket he would
fali from his lofty perch to drop into
a place on the Democratic ticket as
nominee for Lieutenant Governor
So it is that the divided forces are
watching one another as closely as does
a cat watch a mouse.
In the struggle over the fusion propo
sition the offices on the State ticket are
being to some extent overlooked There
are hosts of candidates In the field but
none of them know which way to turn
until the question of fusion is settled
Charles Eldelman of Orange County
ANY PLATFORM
SUITS THE JUDGE
SACRAMENTO, July
II.— A. B. K'nne. chair
manof tfyeSan Francisco
delegation to the Pop
ulist State Convention,
was to-day exhibiting
the following telegrarr),
which, he declares, indi
cates tfyat Congressman
Maguire is a pretty good
Populist, and, as such,
entitled to the guber
natorial nomination:
WASHINGTON, July 9.-
The Oregon fusion plat
form would be accept
able to me.
JAMES G. MOGUIRE.
Is the most active man around head
quarters. He is a Democrat and has
been indorsed by the County Committee
of Orange f<rr nomination for State
Treasurer. He Is anxious to see and
believes that the fusionists will carry
the day. Acting on that belief he
is buttonholing the delegates to secure
the Populist nomination for State
Treasurer, as the nomination would
prove a mighty stepping-stone for him
in the Democratic convention In the
event of the Democrats and Populists
joining hands in the next battle of the
ballot.
George D. Gillesplo, one of the leading
Bpielers of the Maguire forces, an
nounced at the State House tc-night
that Maguire would have 153 votes on
the first ballot.
"From what counties do you expect
support?" was asked.
"I can't tell you," replied Gillesple in
confidential tones, "for if the opposi
tion knew where we had our delegates
they would steal them."
George W. Baker, representing the
Silver Republicans, is here making a j
canvass in the interests of his party, j
He has met with but poor success. ;
Baker appeared on the scene beneath a
glossy silk hat. He tried to talk poll- j
Oca with the delegates, but none of j
them would countenance the hat. A f.tr- !
seeing friend suggested to him the ad- '
visibility of putting the silk tile axide. \
Baker took the advice, bought a soft ;
hat and is now receiving some little
consideration from the Populists.
J. P. SL.EVIX.
RECEIVER FOR THE
WATER SYSTEM
Councilman Grider's Plan to End a
Disgraceful Imbroglio at
Los Angeles.
LOS A.NGELBB, July 11.— The proposl- j
tion of Kessler & Co. to untie the water j
problem which hns been for so long dis
turbing the people of Los Angeles was sub- !
mitted to the City" Council in duo form to- !
day through Max Loewenthal, attorney of
the New York bankers. The proposition
was exactly the same as has been pre- i
viously outlined in The Call, and, there
fore, it created no sensation. Attorney j
Loewenthal explained the details. After
an Informal discussion the proposition
was referred to the Council committee on
water supply. The report la expected to
be submitted on Wednesday.
Councilman L. M. Urider said this even- '
ing that he had a resolution prepared
which ho would Introduce at the next ses
sion of the Council, which qrotffd author- '
lze the- City Attorney to commence pro- j
ceedings to throw the viator company lrn- '
bicglio out of the court l.y uppi>in,? for i
the appointment of a receiver. This pro- |
j eeeding has been contemplated as a possi
bility for some time, but until Councilman
j Grlder came boldly forth and announced
I that hf would father the ordinance au- '
thorizlng such procedure no one thought j
that it should be done.
New Pacific Coast Postofflces.
WASHINGTON, July 11.— A postofflce
was established to-day at Thurber, Cal.,
and Charles E. Thurber appointed post
master; also at Canyon, Alaska, and
[ Kenneth Murray appointed postmaster.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 12, 1898.
BUCKLEY BACK OF
JUDGE MAGUIRE
"Banjo -Eyed Kid" Is One
of the Congressman's
Lieutenants.
SACRAMENTO. July It.— Lounging
about the office of the State House, ap
parently taking little or no interest in
the tumult surroundine him, yet never
theless keeping a watchful eye on Ma
guire's reconcentrados and the middle
of-the-road Insurgents is a fairly -well
groomed man with close-cropped, red
dish b<>ard. Though he seldom engages
in conversation with the busy states
men, when he does single one out for
his attention he gets right down to the
kernel without any backing and filling.
This unassuming individual is none
other than the more or less notorious
"Banjo-eyed Kid," who has served and
is serving his master, Christopher A.
Buckley, well and faithfully, and to
whom has been delegated the difficult
task of capturing the Populist State
Convention for James G. Maguire. The
duty is naturally a compliment to the
"Kid," but of necessity fell to him, for
who better than he is fitted to carry
out the plan of campaign so familiar
to those who know of Buckley's past
It will be a painful surprise to those
who still believe in the Representative
of the Fourth District to learn that he
has irrevocably allied himself to Buck
ley and delivered himself into the
hands of the "Banjo-eyed Kid." Time
was when Maguire spurned Buckley,
his metltods and his henchmen, but
that was when he was just beginning
to mount the ladder of political fame
and before his ambition soared to the
gubernatorial chair. But his growing
ambition has smothered all sense of
propriety and even decency, and to-day
finds him ready to enter into any com
bine, ratifying all the sand-bagging
methods known to the most depraved
of political bosses to further his asplra-
The delegates from the south came In
this morning fairly well organized and
shouting for fusion. Their arrival
| created somewhat of a stampede and
i for a time the anti-fuslonlsts, who last
! night had matters all their own way,
i were engulfed in the maelstrom of
i union sentiment. However, they man
aged soon to get their heads above
water and later in the day there was a
turn in the tide. Men who in the mum'
' ing would listen to no argument
j against fusion became less boisterous;
Maguire's political record, which was
persistently flaunted in their faces,
! could no longer be ignored and as they
! studied it the more closely their fusion
' ardor chilled.
The Fresno delegation, which was
. counted on to lead the fight, became
less enamored of their task and finally
they admitted that it was "going to be
a pretty fight in the convention," and
I "guessed" they would not take a hand
in it just yet.
When one sees George W. Baker, cor
poration lawyer and Silver Republican,
laboring in behalf of fusion and in
cidentally the indorsement of himself
for the Supreme bench, one asks him
self all sorts of unanswerable questions
about Maguire's anti-railroad anti-cor
poration postures, and the more such
questioner finds himself marveling at
the celerity with which the Congress
man can get under the same political
blanket with those he has publicly de
nounced and secretly aided.
The middle-of-the-roadsters are la
boring unceasingly and their work is
j telling, but what the situation will be
\ to-morrow no man will venture to pre
! diet. T. W. H. Shanahan, on whom
1 they have concentrated their hopes, has
any number of warm personal friends
among the delegates who have hereto
| fore announced themselves as favoring
! fusion without considering its conse
j quences, and when they fully compre
i hend that on the action of this conven
tion depends the very life of their
1 party in this State It is more than like
; ly they will turn from fusion to the
j tall "Sycamore of Shasta."
1 When it la said the life of Populism
Some Populists and Others Who Lined Up on Sunday Night to Ornament the Hotel Register.
depends on this convention it is not ex
aggerating matters, for it is generally
admitted that if the Democrats can
control this convention they can con
trol future gatherings and, therefore,
it is quite useless to keep up the sem
blance of a party organization merely
to be used as a catspaw for the Demo
crats.
More delegates arrived to-night and
the light against fusion became
warmer. The middle-of-the-roadsters
are laboring under the disadvantage of
being unorganized, while their oppo
nents are marshaled under the leader
ship of experienced politicians, men
who later will have a large-sized hand
in the Democratic proceedings in the
interest of Maguire.
However, the right became so warm
to-night that the "Banjo-eyed Kid"
cast aside his reserve and for two h>>urs
harangued a crowd of delegates in
front erf the Statehouse on Maguire's
virtues. He laid particular stress in the
strength shown by the Congressman in
carrying his own district three times in
succession, and solemnly assured his
hearers that Maguire was the only man
in the Stale who could poll the full
strength of his own party next Novem
ber; while as for the .Populists, c-nce
they indorsed him they would fairiy
tumble over each other in their anxiely
to rally to his standard.
The "Kid" would have been talking
yet had not somebody in the crowd
shouted to him to give Maguire's posi
tion on several questions of vital inter
est to the Populists. Then the "Kid"
became pensive and took himself off
to the Golden Eagle for a time.
The fusionists made a rather clever
play to- split up their opponent? to
night and leave the field clear for them
selves to labor unmolested with the
fresh arrivals, but to their disgust the
scheme was not as successful as they
had ho-ped. Late in the afternoon no
tice was posted in the office of the
Statehouse calling for an anti-railroad
meeting in the Supreme Court chamber
at S o'clock, and urging delegates hos
tile to the railroad to be present and
prepare a strung plank for insertion in
the platform. The meeting was held,
but less than a dozen delegates took the
bait and it soon adjourned.
The convention will open at 10 a. m.
and the first real fight will take place
on the election of olfieers. R. 11. Web
ster will receive the support of the
middle-of-the-roadsters lor chairman,
while the Maguires are divided between
Hutchinson of Los Angeles and liogers
of Napa. The latter, however, is not
likely to cut much of a figure and the
contest is expected to simmer down to
Webster and Hutchinson.
The story has been started, with the
undoubted intention of causing a
break-away from tfhanahan, that in
case he is nominated for Governor he
will step aside in favor of Maguire
after the convention adjourns and take
second place on the Democratic ticket.
The straight-outs pooh-pooh the story
and assert that it is circulated merely
to alarm and bewilder the more timid
ones. Among those who take the rumor
seriously is Attorney George W. Mon
tieth, who has capped his career by
joining the ranks of saffron journalism,
and now, standing with bared head
under a clotfdless sky, Montieth awaits
the stroke of the political thunderbolt.
Yes. Montieth is a candidate for Gov
ernor — not an open and avowed candi
date, but he figures that with Shana
han out of the way, the middle-of-the
roadsters will cast about for somebody
else on whom to lean. And who with a
Populistic record as stanch and* un
yielding 1 as ho? Two years ago, he re
calls, as do some others, he shunned all
attempts to drag him down after he
had received the nomination for Con
gress in the First District, and re
mained a candidate to the end, defeat
ing, in a measure, the fusion agree
ment entered into in that campaign.
However, any chance that Montieth
might have will be blighted when it be
comes generally known to-morrow that
he has attached himself to the Third
street faker, for with that sheet as the
organ of Maguire and fusion Montteth's
reputation as a straight-out Populist is
quite apt to suffer to a considerable
extent.
The country delegates are yawning
frightfully and talk of the fearful dis
sipations these political conventions
lead «. man into, but few of them will
go to bed, fearful that the other side
will score an advantage should it be
left unwatched for an instant.
J. J. COKEY.
MAGUIRE NOT CAPABLE
OF LEADING A PARTY
Carleton H- Johnson Reviews t\)e Political
Career of the Congressman and Draws
Son)e Logical Conclusions.
SACRAMENTO, July 11.— To the Editor of The Call: There are many
mm in the Democratic party who would be more acceptable to Populists
than James G. Maguire, if the question of nominating any Democrat could
be considered. Maguire has already said in his letter, asking for the Dem
ocratic nomination, that he will make no promises except those contained
In the Democratic platform. In 1892 and In 1894 he made a canvass of the
State against the Populist candidates, and condemned the Populist party
repeatedly by saying that the Democratic party was the only anti-monop
oly party. It Is well known that after leaving the Democratic party in 1887
he came back into it in 18S8, because of his admiration of Grover Cleve
land.
Maguire Is only a recent convert to free silver. In 1892 he could have
had the Populist nomination for Congress in the Fourth District, and was
offered it on the condition that he would subscribe to the free silver plank,
which he refused to do, and the Populists were therefore compelled to nom
inate a man against him. On October 11, 1895, he declared In the Bulletin
that he was opposed to the payment of gold debts in silver, as it was re
pudiation in his opinion, and that greenbacks ought to be redeemed. He
moved and voted to strike the income tax clause out of the Wilson bill
in Congress and made a long speech against the Income tax. He voted
to deprive Tom Watson, the Populist from Georgia, of his seat in Congress
In favor of a Democratic candidate elected by the most glaring frauds,
and in that matter he was opposed by William Jennings Bryan, who was
in Congress at the time and who voted for Watson.
Maguire voted against the bill to restrict immigration, which Populists
demand, and which the labor organizations all demanded. He voted and
worked against Hawaiian annexation, in the face of resolution passed by
Populists within his own district. He has joined the Croker Gold Bug Club
in New York, an organization having as one of its avowed purposes the
knocking out of the free silver plank from the Democratic platform in
1900. He is a pronounced individualist and in speeches in public has de
clared himself opposed to the Government operation of railroads, and has
also declared himself opposed to collectivism in any form, and Is alto
gether an absolute opponent of the fundamental basis of the Omaha plat
form.
While he has said that he was not a candidate in the sense of the ma
nipulation of conventions it is notorious that his agents have interfered to
stuff Populist conventions in many parts of the State and in San Francisco
not only in a most obnoxious but a fraudulent manner.
When Maguire left the Democratic party in ISB7 he announced his pur
pose to elect Henry George President, and to never return to the Demo
cratic party unless It took up Henry George's doctrine, and in 1888 he was
back in the party, stumping the State for Grover Cleveland.
And now, ten years later, when he is a candidate for Governor, and has
sufficient influence to control a Democratic platform, he practically ad
vises his party not to take up George's doctrine for fear he will lose votes
by it, and in every respect he has shown that he is not a leader, but a
follower and a trimmer. CARLETON H. JOHNSON,
Secretary of the County Committee of the People's Party of San Fran
cisco.
SILK TILES AND
FINE APPAREL
How the Fusion Populists Are
Distinguished prom the
Others.
SACRAMENTO, July 11.— To fuse or
not to fuse, is the question upon which
the forces of the Populist Convention
will divide. Whether it is best to pur
sue the course of an independent or
ganization, free from the influence and
control of domineering Democracy, or
to amalgamate with them, is the one
bone of contention, the solution of which
promises dissolution, in whatever way
it may be decided.
A casual reconnoiter among the del
egates discloses the presence of two
factions, one representing the pioneer
Populists of 1592 without office, the
other representing those who either hold
office or have promise of one at the
hands of the Democracy. Wardell,
Shannahan and a long list of lesser
lights belong to the latter class, while
the former la made up of those who
are only seen in public as they pass
through the door of the convention hall
once in four years. This latter class
has been designated as the middle-of
the-road Populists, while the other is
without designation, beyond the cut of
their clothes and silk hats, which are a
decided contrast to the plainer attire of
their country brethren.
Fusion, to the "middle-of-the-road
Populists," means Maguire as a proba
bility. The mere possibility of such
a compromise arouses them to open re
volt. Maguire's vote on the bond is
sue, even as a war measure, has for
ever destroyed the hope of a reconcili
ation between himself and the simon
pure Populists of the State.
The "patronage Populists" look with
complacency upon Maguire, as they
do upon any other fusion candidate.
To fulfill their contract, to turn over
their party to the Democrats is their
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
• Til fas- /9 ■ ' ■ '■■-■■ ■'- ■-• : -
only desire and design. The vote upon
the question, however decided, will be
a close one, and the defection, in either
instance, wfll be sufficient to destroy
the fruits of victory.
The Silver Republicans are wander
ing: lone and weary through the streets
without a place to lay their heads, with
out a hand to shake. The Populists
ignore t": '.'in entirely. H. A. McCra
ney, for four years a Republican at
tache in the office of the clerk of the
Supreme Court, who recently resigned
in order to become a State organizer
of the Silver Republicans, is very much
in evidence around the room of the
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
'* 1'
w ' '
I *•
, 111 1 . f
,l . 4>
/ U ! I '
,1 / i||
! I
1 ! . ' '
11 11
# • ♦
ft i
; j While the cores of alcoholism *
' 1 and drug addictions by the Kee»* •
!] ! ley Treatment appear miracu- ', !
j ; lous» they are accomplished by ;
1 1 the good, common sense ad/ ■ !
\ I , ministration of specific remedies ! ',
5 * '
. 1 Send for printed matter that tells all I <
. t about it i. v - ■ ■
I 1I 1 ; THE KEELEY INSTITUTES, [ \
. » 1170 Market Street, San Francisco. . t •
Ij . 2:« North Main Street, Los Angeles. ■
I 1 Fred A. Pollock. Manager. ■ *
t . ■ ♦ ■■•.' # ;
% Will Assume Mortgage I
:: Will Assume Mortgage 1
I Or Pay Cash- Difference. I
«> — <»>
<•> <i
<»- I own a larpe unimproved piece of <?v
<j> property on Mission street, • near Fif- <s>
<$► teenth, valued at $30,000. I want to trade <8>
<♦> it for an improved piece. Will pay <§>
«> cash difference or assume a mortgage if <|>
Sthc »- improved •, property is greater in <j>
>|> value. Address box 1001. Call office. <»>
■ Blackheads, Liver Spots, Moth, Tan, Freckles,
Pimples, Eczema treated at the JOHN H.
WOODBUIIY- Institute. 127 West. Forty-second
St., New York. Twenty-six years' practical
and successful experience. Send for book, on
Skin Diseases. Consultation free. Charges
moderate. -
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
•\f'F TTfr Full Set of Teeth :
«sJfc Ol I Z/fo*. extracting free 00 up
*^ ODTypC^^T* Gold Crowns 22k $3 50 up
£?'~~^Lilr-~!i* ! 'j~~ V' Fillings -- - cts. up
** £S/#^ *X Open Kvenings & Sundays'
ST^ffiMSi^lk VAN VROOM
f JW?lii'^ X 7 Electro Dental Parlors
*3« I^ \ 'Sixth and Market
~ . Or. GW. Klelser, Prop.
W/.-T. HESS,
HOTABY, PUBLIC AND ATTOENEY-AT LAW,
TenUi t luor. Uc.ni 1015, Claus . SpreclseU liidg.
Telephone Brown Ml.
Residence. t>2l California ' street. balo«
Powell. Ban Francisco.
SLEDS. BOATS, ETC.
1 70-horse power Roberts • boiler, 1 ' S5-hors«
power Scotch marine boiler, metallic lifeboats.
60 wooden boats of all descriptions can b« aeea
at 7ia Third street. GEQ. w. KNEASB.
34
committee on resolutions and platform,
but his presence is more a matter of
toleration than a desire to have him
there, and it is safe to say thc«e will
be no place for him or his followers
either in the platform or on the ticket.
Thomas V. Cator is on hand, carrying
■with him his usual look of importance
and concern. Bretz, the "breeze
maker" from Alameda, does not seem
to display his former activity in the
creation of disturbances, but it is early
yet and the material is not 8* hand.
The Fresno contingent, headed by Van
Meter, Dore and Church, is here to
champion the middle-of-the-road pol
icy, and will be strengthened by the en
tire Sacramento delegation, headed by
"William Boyne, Dittmar, Camp, Ham
ilton, and the entire delegation from
this county. The Alameda delegation
arrived last night and is the first to
appear in an unbroken phalanx.
To-night's trains are bringing the
ha lance of the delegates, and when
Chairman Warden calls the convention
to order at 10 o'clock to-morrow there
will be few absentees.
JUDSON imUSIE.
ANYTHING TO GET
THE NOMINATION
Judge Maguire Soliciting Fa
vors prom the Populists
at Sacraroento.
SACRAMENTO. July 11.— Little has
been heard of Judge Maguire £>lnce he
espoused the cause of Spain in Con
gress until a dispatch was received
from him by A. B. Kinne, chairman of
the San Francisco delegation to the
Populist convention. Maguire tele
graphs that he is willing to accept the
Populist nomination far Governor on
the Oregon platform.
STATE FAIR
SPEED EVENTS
Directors Adopt the
Programme.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, July 11.— The State
Board of Agriculture held Its regular
July meeting to-day with the follow
ing directors present: A. B. Spreckels,
General J. W. Barrett. Fred Cox, F. D.
Cobb, C. M. Chase, F. W. Covey, J. E.
Terry, Dr. W. B. Mathews and J. W.
Wilson.
The speed programme committee sub
mitted its report, -which was adopted.
The single dash system has been
adopted by the State Board, an Inno
vation that seems to take with the pub
lic, and does away with the tedious
heat affairs. Each day will witness
five events, one of which will be a
mile and repeat race, thus giving quick
action and a snappy afternoon's sport.
Under this system horses can be raced
every day and not feel the effects of
racing, as they do after a six or seven
heat race.
It was decided to have alternate trot- ■
Ing and running during the twelve days
of the meeting. The first day, Sep
tember 5, -will be a harness horse day.
Eight thousand seven hundred dollars
is offered In purses for trotting and
pacing stakes in six events. The con
ditions are: Five to enter, three to
start. If but two appear to start, money
to be trotted for divided two-thirds and
one-third. Entrance 5 per cent, and
5 per cent from money winners. Di
vision of purses. 60, 30 and 10 per cent.
Entries close August 15 with the secre
tary.
The following running stakes will
close August 15:
The Vinctor stakes, for three-year-olds and
upward. Entrance $10, to accompanr nomina- |
tion; $15 additional for horses not declared by
4 p. m. day proceeding race, with $300 added
by the society, of which $50 to the second and
$25 to the third; $100 additional, and stak? to
be named after winner If Vlnctor's time, 1:40,
Is beaten. One mile.
The Dewey selliner stak* for three-year-olds.
Entrance $5, to accompany nomination, $15 ad
ditional for horses not declared by 4 p. m. day
preceding race. $250 added by the society, of
•which $40 to second, and $20 to third. Winner
to.be sold at auction. If for $1500, weight for
age allowance, two pounds for each $100 to
$1000, then thre* pounds for each $100 to $400.
Value placed on starters through entry box
by 4 p. m. the day before the race. Six fur
longs.
The Capital City stakes, a handicap for
three-year-olds and upward. Kntrance $10, to
accompany nomination, with $15 additional for
horses not declared by 4 p. m. day preceding
the race, with $300 added by the society, of
which $50 to second and $25 to third. Weights
posted by 12 m. day before race. One mile
and a furlong:.
The Favorite stake, a handicap for three
year-olds and upward. Entrance $10. to ac
company nomination, with $20 additional for
horses not declared by 4 p. m. day preceding
race, $350 added by the society, of which $70
to second, and $30 tr> third horse. Weights post
ed by 12 m. day before race. Ona mile and a
quarter.
The Sunny Slope — For two-year-old
fillies. Entrance $10. to accompany nomina
tion; $15 additional for each filly not declared
by 4 p. m. day preceding race, with $250 added
by the society, of which $40 to second, $25 to
third. Weights, five pounds below scales.
"Winner of three races, any value, five pounds;
If four, seven pounds; If five or more, ten
pounds extra. Allowances: Maidens, five
pounds; winner of but one race when start
in? five or more times, five pounds; beaten
maidens for twice, five pounds; three times,
seven pounds; five or more times, fifteen
pounds. Five furlongs.
The California annual stake — For two-year
olds. Kntrance $10, to accompany nomination;
$15 additional for each colt not declared by 4
p. m. day preceding race, with $300 added by
the society, of which $50 to second and $25 to
third oolt. Winners of three or more races,
three pounds; of four, five pounds; of five or
more, seven pounds extra. Allowances: Maid
enß. five pounds: winners of but one race
when starting three or more times. five
pounds; beaten maidens, five pounds for once,
Bf>ven pounds for twice, ten for three, fifteen
for five or- more • times. Thone beaten three
times and not placed 1, 2 and 3 allowed flve
pounds additional. Six furlongs. •
The Autumn handicap— For two-year-olds.'
Entrance $10, to accompany nomination; $15
additional for colts not declared by 4 p. m day
preceding race, with $300 added ■ by the
society, of which $50 to second and $25 to third.
Weights posted by 12 m. day before race. One
mil-.
The Shafter selling — For maiden two
year-olds at time of closing. Entrance $5, to
accompany nomination; $15 additional for
colts not declared by 4 p. m. day preceding
race, with $250 add*>d by the society, of which
$30 to second and $20 to third. Winner to be
sold at auction. If for $1000, weight for age;
two pounds allowed for each $1(10 to $500, then
three pounds to $2 >o. Winners of one race after
closing to carry five pounds, or two or more,
ten pounds extra, value placed on Ftarterg
through entry box by 4 p. m. day before race.
Six furlongs.
The State Agricultural Society's rules to gov
ern except where conditions are otherwise. All
declarations and claims for allowance due' at
4 p. m. day preceding race unless specified In
conditions. Kntrance and declaration money
to go to winner. No added money for less
than • four starters In different Interests. In
Felling races beaten horses are not liable to
claim. fT*MB
The secretary was directed to adver
tise the betting privilege as a whole,
bookmaklng, auction and Paris mu
tuals system to be used. Bids will be
received on August 18, and the right to
reject any or all bids is reserved.
In the matter of new grounds for
park purposes a committee consisting
of Barrett, Wilson and Cox was named
to consider sites and prices of loca
tions offered and submit its findings to
the board. This will require at least
sixty days, after which final action will
be taken by the board.
C. T. Barton was awarded the usual
pavilion privilege, and F. W. Leavitt,
programmer of the California Jockey
Club, was the purchaser of the pro
He is in a position where he would
accept anything on nearly any plat
form. A Madrid platform would tiuit
him as well as anything else.
Some of the Populists here might be
willing to make a sacrifice of prefer
ences and principle to get a really ac
ceptable man of popularity to head Lb.c
ticket, but they will not go out of their
way to accept a man who is commonly
rated as a "dead one." Maguire was
nominated for Congress on the Demo
cratic ticket and elected by Democratic
votes, and now while he is holding a
position to which he was elected by the
Democratic party he is soliciting a Pop
ulist nomination.
The telegram which Kinne is exhib
iting is as follows:
WASHINGTON, July 9.— The Oregon
Fusion platform would be aceptable to
me. JAMES <J. MAGL'IHE.
The dispatch had the desired effect
for a time. Then one of the delegates
who opposed fusion remembered that
Maguire had several months ago writ
ten and signed a letter relative to his
candidacy for Governor. The flies of
the Yellow Journal of San Francisco
were looked up by him and he found
that on . October 26 last Congressman
Maguire over his own signature ex
pressed himself as follows:
It is quite probable that my name will
be submitted to the next Democratic State
convention as a candidate for Governor.
If nominated I will certainly be pleased to
accept, but 1 will make no combination
nor will I make any promises other than
these contained in the published platl'orm
in order to secure the nomination.
The truth-seeking Populist could not
understand what Congressman Ma
guire intended when he wrote "I will
make no combination," considering the
fact that every possible effort is being
made by his friends to effect a com
bination that will give him a key to the
Democratic political situation. It is
impossible to determine whether Ma
guire is attempting to "play both ends
against the middle" or simply is being
slaughtered by imbecile friends.
gramme privilege. Director Torry and
Secretary Smith were named as the
committee on music.
The next meeting of the board will
be held on August IS.
TRIES TO END
TWO LIVES
Murder Attempted by a
Woman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
J SANTA CRUZ, July 11.-Mrs. E.
, Klotzley this morning attempted to
murder her husband, who has charge
of Bishop Warren's place on the Cliff
| drive, and his six-year-old child. The
, couple separated six weeks ago after
! having been married two years. She
> went to San Jose and returned last
i week. After asking Klotzley if he had
his life insured, she fired at him once
\ and missed. Then she fired twice at
; the child, again missing, though the
bullets passed close to the child's head.
She fired at Klotzley a second time, the
i bullet entering his left shoulder, and
causing a dangerous wound.
Mrs. KL.tzley chased her husband
with the empty pistol until a neighbor
checked her. Afterward she swallowed
twelve morphine pills and threw the
box that contained them into the
water. The pistol the woman used has
: not been found. While on her way
to town she was arrested and" charged
with assault with a deadly weapon,
with bail at $2500. She Is now in jail.
The woman is supposed to be insane.
Her husband says she is subject to fits
!of periodical insanity. She is 33 years
old, and was Mrs. Bessie Scott of Ore
gon when he married her. She re
, fuses to make a statement, being in a
dazed condition.
OUT OF HER DEPTH AT
THE BATHING BEACH
Mrs. S. G. Squires of San Francisco
•Has a Narrow Escape at
Pacific Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 11. -An accident
that came perilously near ending the life
of one of Pacific Grove's summer visitors
occurred at the bathing beach about noon
to-day, and although out of danger, the
victim is still suffering from its results
Mrs. S. G. Squires of San Francisco waa
bcthing In the surf with Mrs. MacMurdo,
and in following her friend, who is an ex
pert swimmer and immediately struck nut
toward a raft, Mrs. Squires went beyond
her depth. Being of a nervous tempera
ment and unable to swim, she lost her
presence of mind, and, feeling herself
going, opened her mouth to cry for help
thus filling her lungs with water. There
being a large number of people In the
surf, her plight was not observed for some
seconds, but when she rose to the surface
a young man who was near went to
the rescue and, with Rome assistance, suc
ceeded in bringing her ashore. Many will
ing hands engaged in the work of resus
citation, but it required nearly two hours'
work before full consciousness was re
stored. Mrs. Squires was then removed to
her cottage, and is now receiving every
care. Her physician believes she will
have completely recovered in. a few days.
URGES FATHERS AND
MOTHERS TO ACT
Dr. Haskell Denounces the Corrupt
Influences That Dominate San
Jose Schools.
SAN JOSE, July 11.— Tho alleged cor
ruption in tho San Jose School Depart
ment was spoken of by Rev. N. A. Has
kell of the Unitarian church yesterday
morning. In an eloquent discourse he
referred to tho recent high school trouble
over the dismissal of Professor Smith
Dr. TL-L.ske.il said:
"The administration of our schools in
jures the intelligence of the young men
and women whom they are supposed to
educate; therefore It is bad. It injures
the character of these young men and
women; therefore it is vicious. It injures
the conscience of these young people;
therefore it is criminal, and every man
and woman in this city whose moral char
acter has not deteriorated under theso in
fluences should rise and demand that our
schools be closed until they can be freed
from these bad, vicious, criminal political
influences."
SENATOR CULLOM ON
THE HAWAIIAN QUESTION
Thinks the Islands Should Be Given
a Colonial Government for
the Present.
WASHINGTON, July 11.-Senator Cul
lom, chairman of the committee appoint
ed to report on a form of government for
Hawaii, Is the first of that body to ex-
P,T c vi?«A n \ Se i lf- To-day, after stating that
in his opinion the commission . would not
get away before August 1, Senator Cul
ft m H«t ald «tO,« tO , The CalF representative that
1 3i™ift«SP I r i ? n x^ c Islands should not be
admitted into the Union as a State nor
yet aS a Territory. He was inclined to
believe that for the present she should be
given a colonial government, with no
more representation than haa Alaska
ZEIGLER AWARDED THE
FIGHT ON A FOUL
NEW YORK, July 11.— Owen ZeigleT of
Philadelphia and Billy Ernst of Brooklyn
met for a twenty-five round fight at the
Greater New York Athletic Club to-night
In the early rounds of the bout the
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 12, 1898.
NEW HIGH SCHOOL FOR SAN RAFAEL
SAN RAFAEL, July 11.— It will not be long until this city will be ornamented by a new high school building,
a beautiful structure, that will reflect credit upon the spirit of progress manifested by the City Board of Educa
tion, and especially upon "William Ma gee and Dr. Wickman, two members who have labored assiduously for the
necessary appropriation.
The design adopted by the board is that of Cunningham Bros. The main building will have a hundred-feet
frontage on E street, and will extend back 38 feet. The annex will be 42x50 feet. It is to be a two-story
frame building, with a basement 8 feet high. The ceiling of the main two floors will be 13^ feet in height. The
free library room will occupy a floor space of 1600 square feet and will be provided with two toilet rooms and an
office for the librarian. The heating system of the library will be independent of the school heating apparatus.
The school rooms will consist of a large assembly room, a commercial room, four class rooms, a principal's
office, teachers' rooms, toilet rooms, laboratories and hallways. The interior of the edifice will be furnished in
yellow Oregon pine. In all its appointments the building is to be strictly up to date, the ventilation and heating
systems being the best yet devised. When completed and ready for furnishing the cost will be over $11 000. The
grading of the lot will cost an additional sum.
The building will be located on an old cemetery lot and work on the structure will have to be postponed un
til the bodies are removed, which cannot be legally done until some time in August. In the meantime the spe
cifications will be prepared, bids of contractors invited and all arrangements completed for the vigorous prosecu
tion of the work of grading and building, so that the structure may be inclosed before the beginning of the rainy
season.
Brooklyn man had the visitor guessing,
but as the bout progressed Zelpler got
the upper hand, and if the referee had not
Interfered It is more than likely that
Ernst would have been knocked out. The
bout was stopped in the seventeenth
rmind by Referee Alex Brown, when the
men had been lighting about a minute
Zeigler and Ernst had pot into close
quarters, and with one arm free Krnst
upperout Zeigler three times. Zeigler was
not fighting at the time and Ernst's :irm
was around bis neck. The referee. In an
swer to an appeal from Zeigler, ordered
the men to their corners and awarded the
bout to Zeigler.
FILLING FEDERAL OFFICES.
WASHINGTON", July 11.— The Presi
dent to-day made the following appoint
ments:
Robert J. Hendricks, to be Appraiser of
Merchandise In the district of Willam
ette, Or.
Richard O. Jeardeau, to be General In
| spector of Furniture and Other Furnish-
I ing-a. Treasury Department.
I Frederick P. McKinley of New Mpxlo-o,
j to be Receiver of Public Moneys at Guth
rie. O. T.
Davis L. Geyer of Ohio, to bo Receiver
of Public Moneys at Roswell, X. M.
To be agents for Indians— Charles R.
McNicholS of Illinois, for Colorado River
Agency in Arizona; Charles 1). Keyes of
Texas, for the Fort Apache Agency In
Arizona; Frederick D. Springs of New
York, for the Nevada Agency in Nevada.
Disgusted Miners Return.
VICTORIA, B. C, July 11.— On the City
of Topeka, which arlved to-night, were
125 miners from Copper River, who were
returning sick and disgusted, having been
unable to get into the country, in) per cent
having lout their outfits in the rapids.
The Topeka reports tho Laurada's two
tows and tho Del Norto's four tows badly
damaged.
Death Strikes in San Jose.
SAN JOSE. July 11.— Mrs. W. L. Tlsdale,
widow of the founder of the First Na
tional Bank and mother of the late W. D.
Tisdale, died to-day, aged 73 years. One of
her son's is now on board the olympia at
Manila.
REAR ADMIRAL
AMMEN DEAD
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 11.— Rear Ad
miral Ammen, retired, one of the he
roes of the Civil War, died at the Na
val Hospital here this morning, aged
78 years.
Admiral Ammen had been at the
Naval Hospital for ten months, and
death was due to general enfeeblement
of the system. He leaves three daugh
ters, unmarried, and two sons, one a
paymaster in the navy. He was well
known here, where he had lived many
years. He served in the navy within
six months of a half century. He was
born in Ohio, May 15, 1820, and entered
the navy as a midshipman In 1836. He
first served as a passed midshipman in
the Wilkes exploring expedition In the
Mediterranean in 1837-38. In 1849, while
ranking as a lieutenant, he was at
tached to a commission to select a site
for a naval station in the bay of San
Francisco, later accompanying a scien
tific expedition on the steamer Water
Witch to the Paraguay River.
He was executive officer of the North
Atlantic blockading squadron at the
outbreak of the rebellion. At the re
duction of Port Koyal November C.
1861, he commanded the Seneca of the
South Atlantic blockading squadron,
and was sent ashore to hoist the Union
Hag over the surrendered forts and to
hold them until the army took posses
sion. He commanded the forces enter
ing via the Whale branch in the at
tack on Port Royal Ferry, and was
also engaged in the operations against
Fernandina. He commanded the moni
tor Patapsco in the attack on Fort Mc-
Allister and Fort Sumter.
In May, 1864, he was ordered to As
pinwall in command of 220 seamen as
passengers on board the California
passenger steamer Queen. Two days
out of New York a well-organized at
tempt at mutiny was suppressed by
him, aided by several officers and a few
volunteers among the passengers.
Subsequently Admiral Ammen parti
cipated in the two attacks on Fort
Fisher in the winter of 1864-65. He
reached the grade of rear admiral in
1889. Of his service twenty-one years
and one month were spent at sea. He
was a delegate to the Interoceanic Shiu
Canal Congress at Paris in 1879 and wt*
a member of the Naval Advisory Board
in 1881. The ram Katahdin was de
signed by him. He wrote several books.
TROPHIES FOR
THE TURNERS
Awards at the San Jose
Fest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July 11.— The great swing
ing and turning festival of tho Pacific
Coast division of the North American
Turnerbund was successfully closed this
evening- with a grand ball In the Pavilion.
The place was beautifully decorated with
flags and bunting, and, when the grand
march started, was crowded. The grand
march was led by Mr. and Mrs. Fr. Wft
lenbrink of San Francisco, and there were
275 couples in line.
Henry Vollmer, ex-Mayor of Davenport,
la., addressed the assemblage. He high
ly praised the German-American citizens
and spoke of their loyalty to tho United
B. He said that in case of war,
even with the fatherland, they would
stand by their adopted country. He waa
roundly applauded.
The club swinging by the ladies' class
of the San Jose Turn Verein was a fln«
feature. Those in the exhibition were:
Misses Lena Gunther, Lillie Hanes, Ida
Qoldbath, Clem Colombet, Olga. Butlei,
Emma Miller, Clara Chinltzpan and
Freda Fischer.
Various vercins appeared in mass wand
exercises. Dancing was then taken up
and continued until a late hour.
. Agricultural Park was again the prin
cipal place of entertainment during the
day. Athletic sports commenced early
and continued all day. Fine exhibitions
of turning on horizontal and parallel bars,
pole-vaulting horso exercises and weight
lifting were given.
The. ladies of Santa Cruz Turn Verein
gave an almost perfect exhibition of club
swinging. They were: Mrs. E. C. Hoff
man, Misses Annie Thompson, Mollte
Thompson, Mary Bueb, Anna Bueb and
Anna Busch.
The judges of the singing contest an
nounced that first prize had been awarded
to the singing section of Oakland Turn
verein, Arion Singing Verein of San
r ramisco taking second prize.
Paul Saver of San Francisco won the
prize for the best declamation. He de
iklivered two, one of which was original.
In the literary contest, Robert Barth of
San Francisco was awarded the Jirst
prize. The subject of his essay was "In
liuciico of National and District Festivals
upon the Progress of Physical Culture."
Tho fencing, saber and wrestling con
tests were exciting, and attracted great
attention.
In individual turning there was sharp
competition. While the Los Angeles Turn
Verein won the class prize, San Francisco
Turn Verein took eight first prizes and
undoubtedly made tho best showing of the
Vereins.
This evening the judges of the festival
gave out the following awards:
Class contests, first group— Firstv prize, Los
Angeles Turn Verein (20 men), 44 2-3 points;
second, Sun Francisco Turn Verein <24 men),
40' 2 ; third, Eintracht Turn Section (20 men),
3/ .43.
Second group— First prize. Anaheim Turn
Vertin (7 men), 37 1-3 points; second, Vor
waortH Verein (7 men), 36 5-9; third, Mission
Turn Wrein of San Francisco (9 men), 20.9.
Awards on Individual scores, Including high
and broad jump and shot put— First prize, Al
l'i-rt Keunztn (Enltraeht). «5.5 points; second,
C. Krause (Eintracht), 63.8; third, L. Breer
(Los Angeles), 63.7: fourth, W. Hoffman (San
Francisco). 61.9; fifth. Louis Kapp (San Fran
cis-.. >. 58.4; sixth, Charles Gollner (Los Ange
les), .1*. 3; Beventta, William Blelsner (Los An
gek-s), 57.6; eighth. H. Mayer (San Francisco),
68.8; ninth, W. Eicher (Vorwarts), 83.4; tenth.
Otto Harris (Los Angeles), 62.6; eleventh, G.
Hntop (Kinthracht), 52.4; twelfth, C. Stein
back (Oakland), 62.1.
Second grade exercise?— First prize, W. Hlnz
(San Francisco), 63 points; second, F. Hoffman
(San Francisco), (J2.S; third, Rudolph Haver
(Kintracht), 62; fourth, George Steens (Kin
tracht), CO; fifth, Louis Schepple (Eintracht),
69.9; sixth, J. M. Waterman (San Jose), 59.7;
seventh, Adolph Gollmer (Los Angeles), 57.2;
eighth, Georgo Karstens (Los Angeles), 59.6;
ninth, Theodore I'lanz (San Francisco). 54.8;
tenth, Herman Steinbreck (San Francisco), 64.3;
eleventh, Henry Krohn (Los Angeles), 54.1;
twelfth, Louis Wagner (Los Angeles), f>3.B;
thirteenth, Fred Walter (Los Angeles), 53.6;
fourteenth, W. Stager (San Francisco), 53.5;
fifteenth, August Bergmann (San Francsico),
£3.4; sixteenth, W. Heinicke (Eintracht), 63.3;
seventeenth, Louis Peck (Eintracht), 52.1;
eighteenth, Herman Glass (Los Angeles), 61;
nineteenth, J. Velmehren (Mission), 60.4.
First grade exercises— First prize. Adolf
Seiboldt (Vorwaerts), 61.3; second, Jule Baum
gartner (Oakland). 55.9; third. Fred Schaefle
(San Joße), 68; fourth, Paul Turk (Anaheim),
57.8; fifth, E. Miller (Eintracht), 67.4; sixth,
R. Kaulfuss (Vorwaertß), 56.9; seventh, J.
Hoop (San Francisco), 55.8; eighth. W. Ranck
(Oakland), 56.1; ninth, J. F. Edelman (San
Francisco), 54. 5; tenth, Paul Saver (Vorwaerts),
54.1; eleventh, Oscar Kalsser (San Francisco),
53.8; twelfth. M. Wallensteln (San Francisco).
r.3 . 7 : thirteenth, L. Haehnlen (San Jose). 53;
George Brandlien (Pan Francisco), 63; four
teenth, Joe Palanza (Vorwaerts), 51.8; fifteenth,
A. C. Hnrtnack (Los Angeles), 61:6; sixteenth,
Ernest Tletze (Vorwaerts), u1.3; seventeenth,
H. Stellen (San Francisco), 51.1; Joe Backs
(Anaheim), 6Li; eighteenth, Albert Engel
hardt (Oakland), 60.4; nineteenth, W. Muller
(Elntraoht), 50.
Apparatus turning, horizontal and parallel
bars and horse, third class— First priie, C.
Krmicp (Eintracht), 39.5; second, Louis Rapp
(San Francisco), 39; third, H. Mayer (San Fran
cisco). 37.
Second class— First prize, George Steffenj (Eln
tracht), 39: second, Louis Peck (Elntracht) 3S
third, Theodore Planz (San Francisco) 3«
First class— First prize. R. Kaulfuss (Vor
waerts), 89.6; Paul Saver (Vorwaerta), 39 5;
third. W. Rlngk (Oakland), 39.
Veteran Turners— First prize— Fr. Willen
brlnk (San Francisco). 60 points; second, Her
man Miller (San Francisco), 59.5; third F
Ottenger (San Francisco). 59.4; fourth A<lam
Brehm (San Francisco), 57.8; fifth. F. Schu
bert i Mission), 61.2.
Veteran Turners, shot (16 pounds'* putting—
First, Fr. Willenbrink (San Francisco), S3
points; second, H. Muller (San Francisco), 24.
The following members were given di
plomas for individual scores in the field
sports, consisting of high and broad
Jumping and putting the sixteen-pound
shot:
First group— First prize, Albert Keunzl (Eln
tracht), 34.3; second, Charles Gollmer (Los An
geles), 32.2; third. Paul Turk (Anaheim). 29.8.
Second group, vaulting, lifting weight and
rope climbing— First prize, A. Keunzi (Ein
tracht), 2'J.o; second, L. Scheppler ißintracht),
29.2: third, W. Hoffman (San Francisco), 26.6.
Third group, running- far high Jump, hop,
step and Jump— First prize. H. Breer (Los An
geles>), 33; second, F. Hoffman (San Francisco)
31.2; third, \V. Hinz (San Francisco), 31.
Fencing— First prize, Mart Backer (Los An
gele.«), H%; pecond, John Hoopa (San Fran
cisco), 7&; J. Haberfeller (San Diego), V.i.
Saber contest — First prize, Herman Mueller
(San Francisco).
AYrestling, lightweight— First prize, Charles
Sturm (San Francisco); second, Theodore Planz
(San Francisco).
Wrestling, heavyweight— First prize, Rudolph
Bauer (San Francisco).
At Turn Verein Park various member*
of the shooting sections engaged in prize
shooting for diplomas. The contestants
and scores were:
Captain J. Kuhls (Pan Francisco Elntracht),
68; Captain J. Oteenger (San Francisco Turn
Verein). 54; William N'olttng (San Francisco
Turn Verein), 3 (withdrawn); J. Straub. (San
Francisco Turn Verein), 43; C. Saupprhorn (San
Francisco Turn Veroln), 50; J. Utschlp fSan
Francisco Turn Verein), 65; J. Hanemas (Lns
Angeles Turn Verein). 43; J. G. McMillan
(San Jose Turn Verein), 36: J. Fournle (San
Jose Turn Verein), 65: Dr. F. Bangs .San
Jose Turn Verein). 67; Captain George Kef Tel
(San Jose Turn Verein), 33; Dr. Schumacher
(San Jose Turn Tereln). 52; R. Scherf (San
Jose Turn Verein), 44; Karl Klein (San Jose
Turn Verein). 33.
The tie between J. tTtschlg; and Fournle re
sulted: J. Utschlg 63. J. Foumie 56.
GO TO CATCH
A PRIVATEER
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, July 11.— In response
to the request of United States Consul
Dudley of Vancouver Admiral Pulleser,
commander of the Pacific British squad
ron, stationed at Esquimau, has dis
patched H. M. S. Amphion, a second
class cruiser, carrying nine guns, and the
sloop of war Icarus, mounting eight guns,
to cruise the waters of the north to search
for the privateer which, according to re
ports that have reached the ears of the
Consul, lies hidden in the vicinity of
Dixon entrance, through which the
treasure ships pass on their way south.
The fleet was at Vancouver in connec
tion with the celebration and citizens
there were surprised yesterday to see the
two warships hoist their anchors and slip
off to sea. Inquiries were made, and ac
cording to the naval authorities the ad
miral decided on the information re
ceived to take steps to prevent any hold
ing-up of ships for the purpose of loot
ing. Although probably only American
boats would bo stopped, the injury would
not in case be confined to them, as many
of the miners on board with gold would
be Britishers.
Seafaring men here are divided In opin
ion as to the truth of the report of the
privateer's presence on the coast. Many,
especially those who have interests at
stake, believe In the existence of the ves
sel, while others doubt it. One thing,
however, is certain— a strong feeling of
sympathy with the Americans exists at
Esquimau and every officer spoken to on
the matter expresses himself strongly In
disfavor of privateering. If the report
that reaches here be true Captain Fin
nis has orders to blow the vessel out of
water if she shows tho least light when
found.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, July 11.— Pacific Coast
pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original — Orlando N. Rogers,
Black Diamond, $6; Frederick Miller, Sol
diers' Home, Los Antreles, $8; Thomas
Galvin, San Francisco, $8; Thomas D. Bur
rows, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $12;
Sylvester K. Wilson, Colton, $8; James
Walshe, Irvington, $8; William Hickok,
Salinas, $8. Original widows, etc.— Mary
Flaherty, Oakland, $12.
Oregon: Original— Ralph E. Wands, Sa
lem, $6: James N. Smock, La Grande, $G;
Jacob M. Divine, Yaquina, $8. Special,
June 30— Philip F. Castleman, Portland
*15.
Washington: Original— Mlckel Larson,
Hoqulam, $6.
Rivals the Princess Chimay.
LONDON, July 11.— In the divorce di
vision of the High Court of Tustice to
day the suit of the Hon. Duxaioy Lamb
ton, a brother of the Earl of Durham,
against his wife, formerly Miss Florence
Ethel Sproule of New South Wales, de
velops the fact that one of the co-re
spondents is a Mexican named Pedro,
who was a member of Buffalo Bill's show
in 1893.
SATSUMA IN
HIS OLD FORM
Wins His First Race at
Chicago.
FAST HORSES BEHIND HIM
ALGOL FINISHES SECOND AND
ABUSE THIRD.
Game Old David Takes a Seven-Fur
long Handicap at St. Louis and
Gotobed. Win.3 a Distance
Event.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, July 11.— Results at Wash
! Ington Park:
First race, six ■ furlongs — Ellernlle won,
Tenole second, IJing Binder third. Time, 1:14.
Second race, live furloncs — Holland won,
I Wickes ■ second. Luella Fonso third. Time,
i 1:01%.
i Third race, mile an<i seventy : yards— lndra
wun, Charles Chrlstio second, Hohenzollern
i third. Time, l:44Vi.
t Fourth race, mile — Monk Wayman won,
■ Uarda second, Forte third. Time, 1:41^4
; Fifth race, six and a quarter furlongs — Sat
! suma won, Algol second. Abuse third. Time,
j 1:17.
i Sixth race, six furlongs — Mary- Black won,
Tartarian second. Libertine third. Time,
1:13%.
i ST. LOUIS, July Only two favorites.
Miss IViarion and Gotobed, won to-day.
Track fast; weather pleasant. ; Results"
First race, seven furlongs, — Amber
Glints won, Jim Hogg ' second, Adam Andrew
third. Time, 1:80.
Second race, mile and a sixteenth, Belling—
Helen H. Gardner won, Sirenla second, Kruna
third. Time, 1:50%.
Third race, rive furlongs— Miss Marlon won,
Evelyn Byrd second, Chancery third. Time,
1:02%.
Fourth race, handicap, seven furlongs— David
won. Colonel Gay second, Aquinas third. Time,
I:2S.
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards, selling—
Gotobed won, Basqull second, Confession third.
Time, 1:47%.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Sliver Set won, Loving Cup second, Fireside
third. Time, I:22 V*.
BUFFALO, N. V., July 11.— Results at
Fort Erie:
'. 'irst race, six furlongs— Lisle won,
Sculptor second, Taxnour third. Time, 1:15%.
Second race,- four Cheesemite won,
Fallelah second, Fred Perkins third. Time,
:49%.
Third race, — Rossmar won, Headlight II
second. Sue Kittie third. Time, 1:41V4.
Fourth race, five furlongs — Carnival
won.Holden second. Record third. Time, 1:02%.
Fifth race, mile— Alice Farley won, Koraura
sakl second. Freelance third. Time, 1:40.
Sixth race, steeplechase, short course — Par
son won, Arrezzo second, The Tar third. .Time,
2:GS%.
NEW YORK, July 11.— Results at Brigh
ton Beach:
First race, mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Burlesque won, Long Acre second. Kin third.
Time. 1:SOH-
Becond race, five furlongs— Maid of Harlem
won, Incandescent second, Leiter third. Time,
1:02%.
Third race, mile, Belling-— Decanter won.
Songster second, Ulenolne third. Time, 1:42>- 2 .
Fourth race, six furlongs— Briar Sweet won,
Leedsville second. Sailor King third. Time,
I:UU.
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling—Efferves
cent won. Jack Point second, Kirkwood third.
Time. I:O2Vi.
Sixth race, mile— lrish Reel won, Kit* Foot
second, Sensational third. Time. 1:4214.
BI'TTE, Mnnt., July 11.— Weather clear;
track fast. Attendance large. Results:
First race, three and a half furlongs— Dutch
won, Lou Watkins second, Omah Woud third.
Time, :40%.
Second race, five furlongs — Taghalrm won,
Hlmera second, Pallucas third. Time. 1:02*4.
Third race, five and a half furlongs — Miss
Rowena won, Mekallah second. Porah 'Wood
third. Time. I<VP£. Wreaks State rerord by
three-quarters of a second.
Fourth race, six furlongs — Distinction won,
Puke of York II second, Joe Levy third. Time,
1:17.
Fifth racf, seven furlongs — Dolore won. Loch
Ness second. Queen Nubia third. Time, 1:294.
Sixth race, six furbngs— Alicia won, Es-tro
second, Mike Rice third. Time. I:l6ft.
SOLEDAD IS NEARLY
WIPED OUT BY FIRE
SALINAS, July 11.— News was received
here by telephone about 10 o'clock this
evening that a fire had broken out at Sole
dad in a dance hall at the east end of
town. The fire spread rapidly and in a few
minutes the telephone office, which is sit
uated about 100U yards from the region of
the fire, was in flames. It has burned all
the business portion of the town, including
the stores of Charles Denange, the large
establishment of Wahrlich, Cornett ft Co.,
dealers in merchandise, W. H. Bingaman,
grain and stock dealer, the Railroad Ex
change saloon, several stables and other
buildings. The residence portion is now
on fire, with no hope of saving it. All tele
phonic and telegraphic communication is
cut off.
No assistance can be obtained from any
of the neighboring towns, as there is no
fire department nearer than Salinas.
The buildings destroyed in addition to
those already sent are the Eagle Hotel,
Rodgers' saloon. Miller's stables, Tholke's
saloon, Campbell's stable, Bernord's
blacksmith shop, the postoffice. Bay's Ho
tel, Stover's drug store, Grey's Hotel,
three Swiss saloons and several other
buildings. The loss will probably reach
about 140,000, partially covered by insur
ance. The only protection from fire af
forded the stricken town was from several
tanks in the neighborhood.
The reflection from the fire can be seen
from Salinas distinctly. The people here
think that the whole town has been de
stroyed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
7
See our reduction inprlces. | •sr«i
Fine all-wool worsted and ' _^ij
serge . suitings that, we are A^^a
making to order for $15.50 - X.J i
and $17.5<>; are well worth Afdbllt**. '
Ip^r. . and s?.'{O. These are i^/JW^i
bargains which you should jti^^Ml&^i
not overlook. Come early, KtcSHbW^u
as they are gnlns fast. R[|.'{i?j[( Ri
Kemember that all these lBS^^ is
suits are made to order here WsT!gJ)!**Hs
ln San Francisco, guaran- ■jVr'
teed to lit. and best of llifflwJK
workmanship and trim- Ura^Sx
We have also reduced our \fm Vjsf J
$35 and $4O suits to $25 I' S lfa
and $3O during- the month fa Uf
of July. A full line of b3 W
trouserings are also re- SB fl.
From 85 to 5.H.75 &Ws?*&Asi&
From ?."> to >*.'!. 75 ' j^B^-.:^2iw
From *j to $G.OO
*r -
203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bash.
811-818 Market St.
1110-1112 Mirket St.
COUNTRY STORES:
485 Fourteenth St., Oakland, C&l.
603-505 X St., Sacramento, Gal.
113 South Spring St., Los Augjles, Cal.
Wriilt's Indian VeplaWe Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons irho
have used them for over forty years to cur«
BICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS* CONSTlPA-
SBi^agi^sa. Weak stomach - **&>
Grossman's SBficlliiii
With this remedy persons can cure them,
•elves without the least exposure, chance of
diet or change in application to business. Th«
medicine contains nothing of the least Injury
Ml%iM 1 %i° B !'botu.? lL ** your drusslet to '^
FiH
weabTmen
There is help. There is assistance that
actually alters the state of living. Weak
men have weak backs. Weary men do not
feel inclined to work. Weak and weary men
have no such fee/ing as that of full power or
of vitality. They are at all times forced to
confess that they are unfit for the duties of
man. A man who is full of power goes at
his daily work with vim and a cense that
he can accomplish all he desires to. The
puny man never does this. He fears at all
times. He shakes. His nerves are half
gone. "Hudyan" restores nerve power.
"Hudyan" is the one thing that does. The
bright look in the eyes, the feeling of con-
fidence, the grand muscular development of
all of the organs and the sense of vigor are
produced by it. It is nature* remedy for
the men of weak and weary constitutions.
Circulars showing what it has done for
20,000 people are gladly sent you absolutely
free. No charge is made for medical advice
either. Suppose that you have blood taint
shown by loose teeth, fa/ling out of hair'
thinning of eyebrows and in other ways —
i why not have some good advice about it as
long as it coats not a cent ? You could not
get better help if you paid $1000 for it
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
BTOOKTON, MARKET AMD ELLIS BTB.,
6an Francisco, Cal.
Costs More
to use Schilling's Best
tea because you drink
more. * v
AND TUMORS. Sure Cure!
No Knife or Pain I No Pay Until Curedl
75-page book sent free. S. R. Chamlet. M. IX
■17 THIRD ST., Near Market St.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCBft
ELECTRIC BELTS
Are good things 'rjbf^ 9^' *' properly
made, but some p/'ii>» °' **** thlngß
■which are sold . ■// IT' ** "electrla
belts" at high prices by un-
principled quacks are ■worthless. • If you want
a good bait, one to last a reasonable length ot
time, and fill you with Electricity from the
soles of your feet to the top of your head, you
MUST have "Dr. Plerce's,' f for it is the BEST
and is warranted to be exactly as represented.
TESTIMONIALS we have enough of to fill
this entire newspaper. Bend 2o in stamps fop
our Free Book No. 2. It gives price list and
tells all about it. Be sure you BUY NO BELT
TILL YOU SEE DR. PIERCES. Address or
call on the
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.
Opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
t visit DR. JORDAN'S «*••*
*3L Museum of Anatomy
ipanil 1061 JiAESIT st. tot. 6ti * 7th, s. r. cat.
B SB The Largest of its kind In the World.
1 wf&\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Consultation free. Writs for B»o*
ff{ Philosophy of Marriage.
A A mailed rmt€.
DR.MCNULTY.
TITIM WXLL-sTOOWH AND RKLIABLK OtJl
Speti»llstc««;*Prlvate,Nervous,Bloodan<lSkla
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable, Hoor«, 9to 3
dally;6:3otoB.3oev*irs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulu-
free aud sacredly conndeutlaJL Caii oraddxeaa
8». ROSCOK McJfUJVTY. M. I>..
26!^ EEARN7 STREET, SAN rRAHOIBCO. CAL.
MADE ME A IVIAN
, /<ggas AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CUKE
BJ ~% A-LZiUvnoua JJlsca ttea— Failing Mem-
B 3P#I S 17 ' Jmpotency. Sleeplessness, eto, caased
If *XI by Abuaa or other Excesses and Indin-
fSK» cretlons. They miifJdu ana surelu
V\U restore Lost Vitality in oldoryonng and
>jS^^^ tit a man for study, business or marriago
Tja&hdSß Prevent Insanity and Consumption if
taken in time. Thsir nee shows immediate improTe-
aient and effects a CUBE whoro all ether fall In-
sist upon having the genuine Ajox Tablets. The*
have cured thousand* and willoureyou. We give a DO3.
itivo written Runrtntee to effect a cure CA Ava {Z
each case or rsfuad the money. Price V^l w I Vicev
packages or six pkges (full treatment) for $2 CO R»
mail, in plain wrcr npcn receipt of priceCH«^lAi.
AJAX remedy co., ? ?SS^*
For sale In San Francisco by Lelpnlta ,fc Ct%~
•at Butter^No-Percent««e PuarmacyV **i i IOL
0006660 06000 0000 0(1
TH ? PALACE wj
GR AND H °l§±s9
o SAN FHANCt3CO. ®
j' Connected by a covered paasageiraj "
O 1400 Rooms-900 With Bath Attaohed. O
O All Under One Management. : O
O NOTE THE PRICES: • ft
O European Plan. .oo per day and UDward
O American P1an. 53.00 per day and Upward O
O Correspondence Solicited n
0 JOHN 0. KIRKPATRICK, Managtr. 5
00000000 000 00000
1 n^ VB -, Y ? U Sore Throat, Pimples, cippor-ll
I HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Ulcer. H
Colored v Spots, Achos, Old Sorei Ulc^tb
Em Mouth, Hair-FaUinjT> Write COOK hr vr W
i n ?X» °tV tt 1 *" MA SONIO TEMPLE, Cis- H
i^rnm to* for proofa of cures. Capit*l M
| lOO^pae 1 bJ 0 "! 1 CaSe3 Curea ' to uto M **** H
•^M^Bj^gAj|s^ __HAWAIIAN ISLANDS EMBRACED IN
THE DEPARTMENT OF CALIFORNIA
ISLANDS of the Hawaiian group, re
cently annexed to the United
States, are now, for military pur
poses, embraced in the Department
of California, Major General Mer
riam commanding. According to the
latest telegrams from the War Depart
ment the First New York Regiment of
United States Volunteers will have the
honor of marching into Honolulu as
troops to garrison the new station.
To-morrow the Fourth United States
Cavalry will have the Presidio and
march to th^ transport steamer Peru.
Four troops of this regiment, com
manded respectively by Captains Ben
son, Lockett, "Jale and Lieutenant
Neall. have been stationed at this post
for many years, and Californians are
largely represented in the organiza
tions. The route of march from the
reservation to the steamer has not been
definitely fixed, but it is understood
that the troopers will pass along Lom
bard street to Van Ness ave
nue to Golden Gate avenue and
thence proceed down Market street to
th>? water front. No finer body of men
ever rallied around the flag than the
soldiers of the Fourth Cavalry.
The arrival at Manila of the steam
ers China. Zealandia, Senator and Co
lon may be wired any hour. The fleet
sailed from this harbor on June 15, and
carried the First Colorado, Tenth
Pennsylvania md First Nebraska Reg
iments, the Utah Light Artillery and
battalions of the Eighteenth and
Twenty-thirl United States Infantry,
all under the command of General
Greene.
WITH THE ROUGH RIDERS.
Charles C. Bull Writes Interest
ingly of Their Initial
Fight.
Charles C. Bull of Belmont, stroke of
the Harvard crew, halfback in the Var
sity '.earn and private in A Troop ot
Roosevelt's Rough Riders, has jusi
achieved the rare honor of having the
degree or bachelor of arts conferred on
him In h:r- sence by the Harvard fac
ulty. Mr. Bull was the youngest man of
his c'.-i.-s yet the dean officially declared,
la conferring the gree, that he .stood
so hlfh that had he been able to take
the examinations he was certain to have
passed with honors.
The following letters from the brilliant ,
young student, "t whose record Califor
nia is justly proud, give a vivid illus
tration of the dangers which our heroes
so bravely withstood during the early
days of their landing on Cuban soil. In
the light of events that have happened
since they were written, these letters wilt
prove of especial Interest to readers, more
especially the prognostications about Cer
vera's fleet:
SANTIAGO DE CUBA (On Transport),
June 10, ISSS.
My Dear : Well, we are here at last,
but after a very tirepome and tedious trip.
There are thirty vessels in the licet. with ten
warships for a convoy. This makes traveling
slow. Then we are towlnt two schooners,
which are aded with provisions and ammuni
tion, which also delays us. The Cuban coast
resembles our California shore very much. The
hills are high and barren, not covered with
Valrns, bananas, etc. An occasional green spot
breaks the monotony. The water is the j.i<-t
tlesl eight of all. It reminds me of a tubful
of bluing. Men ard, who have seen both.
Bay that the Mediterranean is not half as
colored. .l.
We were informed by a war vessel this !
morning that a fight had taken plai-<> at Guan- :
tanamo (forty miles east ot Santiago) between
800 marines and 3000 Spanish. The marines
were well entrenched and the Spaniards tried
to drive them out. Oui forces lost • Ipht killed
and .'■> wounded, while the Spanish lost 150
killed. 2SO wounded and IS prisoners. This may .
be a story, but that is what the captain told
us. The tight last 100 hours and is still go-
Ing on.
I hurt my knee in Tampa and was taken abed
while we were on the road here. It came on
that night when I got soaked through. I caught
cold in it and got a Blight attack of rheuma- ,
t!s>m. I was in hard straits for a while, but
am all riKht now.
The champagne was smuggled aboard safely
and kept me from being sick the entire trip. ;
Two bottles were broken when it arrived. The
medicine bad not yet reached me when at ,
Tampa.
We expect to land to-night and begin opera
tions against Santiago. I don't think we will ;
entrench, as that would mean disease and sick
ness. \y> expect to be in the city in a week
and starve out those cruisers which are bottled
up. We have a rumor on board that they have
been destroyed. Give my best love to all. Sin
cerely yours, CHARLES C V.VI.L..
Exi ect me home about Christmas.
C. C B.
The following letter is the first on.» pub
lished, giving an account of th<- famous
ambuscade of the Rough Rid.rs from th
point of view of the private tidier. Af
ter reading it, one need havt- no doubts
of the ability of America's volunteers to
face any t-m^rgency:
BEVTLUA, fura. .Tune 2?.. IR9B.
My Dear : We have landed ;.nd are on the
march to Santiago. The country Is nothing
but Jungle and ravine, cut up I ;. narrow roads,
through which the men had to walk single file.
Cocoanut palms are thick in the bottoms. The
MAGUIRE INDORSED
FOR GOVERNOR
THE DEMOCRATIC CAMPAIGN ,
COMMITTEE'S RESOLUTIONS.
A Primary Election to Select Dele
gates to the State
Convention.
The campaign committee of the local '
Democracy held its first meeting last i
evening at t ho Baldwin Hotel and disposed
of considerable business of more or less
Importance. Major P. J. Harnr-y presided
and John F. McGovern was elected per- !
mane-it secretary.
The primary object of the meeting was
to discuss different metlKids for tho selec
tion of delegates to the coming Staf con
vention, but Major Harnoy somewhat de
layed matters by springing :i surprise in
the shape of a set of resolutions Indorsing
Hon. James G. Magulre for Governor. The,
articles recited at length the nominee's j
political career and pledged to him the j
active support of the committee. The res
olution was adopted unanimously.
a sub-committee was appointed to in
vestigate different methods of selecting
delegates to Stat<> conventions, to report ,
a* length on Baturday evening next How- 1
ever, the campaign committee is almost of
' nc voice in favor of a primary election
for that purpose, so that the work of the
Rub-committee will simply consist of
gathering points on the method of proced
ure
Bach member of the committee will ap
point in his own district a committee to
• "ii some evening of the present week
to arrange for tin- vigorous district cam
paigns that It has been decided to wage
all along tho line. They also will report
at th<- meeting of next Saturday evening.
Charged With Battery.
Charles Scott, who was arrested Sun-
day night for assaulting Grace Rodgers,
as told in yesterday's fall, was formally
chnrgf-d with battery last evening by Ser
geant Martin. The woman yesterday re
gained her power of speech, of which she
wan temporarily deprived, due to the ef
fects «,r the boating she received. For
some unexplained reason Justice Barry
released Scott on his own recognizance.
The Day's Fires.
An alarm was tinned In from box 64 at
2:10 yesterday afternoon for a fire In the
dwelling of Mrs. S. Midlrton at 406 Te
hama street. Tho blazo started from
sparks from the chimney, and the dam
I boys made good use of them, for the milk is
much better than the water we pet to drink.
i Before we landed some 1200 Spaniards made a
I demonstration as if to oppose our landing. The
i Kunboats and cruisers turned loose on them
and shelled them out of the place. Some Cu
bans arrived shortly afterward, *" our landing
really was not opposed. Two colored boys Of
the Tenth Cavalry were unfortunately drowned.
At GuantanHmo the marines have cartured the
forts and hold the place.
Leaving the landing place we marched twelve
miles to a seaport town over hill and through
jungle. My left knee came neuriy giving out.
but 1 struggled through safely. The Spaniards
held this town. Before we came to this place
the Cubans began lighting them. Then our
regulars came up and the Spaniards Imme
diately fled. We captured eighteen prisoners,
I two enclnes and about SOO tons of coal ln
j tended tor the Vizcaya and other war vesseis.
Here we camped for the night, and early the
next morning we started forward. About
three miles trom the latter place we ran into
2500 or 3000 Spaniards in ambush. They simply
raised the devil with us for a while. They had
a Hotchkiss and three machine guns. \\ c
walked right into It and they turned loose on
us. We deployed and started to Hank out. For
two hours it was the hottest fight it could pos
sibly be. We were enfiladed and got right In
a cross-fire. We had two aetro regiments
with us and they fought well. It was my first
experience of battle and among bullets. Our
troop had two killed. One was killed right
next to me. He was In my squad. He never
knew he was hit. The whole regiment lost
nine killed, one captain and forty-six wounded.
| We have found sixty-one jead Spaniards. They
take their wounded with them, for the Cuban*
always massacre them, and they expect like
treatment from us. They are on the run be
fore us. It is a wonder that our whole troop
was not killed, for we were within fifty yards
of the machine gun and did not know it. The
Spaniards used explosive bullets, contrary to
the rules of war. The Spaniards say we are
fools in the way which we fight. They say:
"We (Spanish) tir* a volley and run back, and
you fool Americans lire and then run forward.
The major told us we would never be In hot
ter f're again, which is a relief. I Troop, you
can see was in the thickest of the fight and
of course lost the most men In the last stuge
before the Spaniards ran. We got on thUr
i flank and si. t the gunners. We camped on
their own camp ground. ith love. Sin
cerely yours. CHARLES C. BULL.
The envelopes containing the above let
ters were indorsed:
"Willi.im O. O'Nell, captain First Regi
ment United States Volunteer Cavalry,
commanding A Troop."
This gallant officer, it will be remem
bered, has since been killed in battle.
. Mrs. Alpheus Bull of Belmont received
yesterday the following telegram:
PORT TAMPA, Fla., July 9, IS9S.
To Mrs. Alpheus Bull. Belmont, Cal.—
: sick with rheumatism. Telegraph some money.
In first battle. CHARLES C. BILL.
Mrs. Bui! is naturally much disturbed.
: Prompted by maternal forebodings that
the dispatch has minimized the nature
and extent of her son's illness, she will
start on Tuesday night for Port Tampa.
It is to be hoped that she will find hei
heroic son sufficiently convalescent to be
brought home.
MUSTERING COMPLETED.
The Eighth Regiment Begins
the Real Work of Hard
Drilling.
CAMP BARRETT, Sather Station, July
| 11.— Captain Murray. U. S. A., has com
pleted his work of mustering into the vol
unteer army the Eighth Regiment of Cali
fornia Infantry. United States Volunteers.
The last to be mustered were First Lieu
tenant John R. Tyrrell, who has been as
signed to Company H of Redding; First
Lieutenant W. E. Smith, the former cap
tain of the Redding company, and Second
Lieutenant Frank S. Drady, both of whom
have been assigned to Company L of
Marysville. It will require some time for
Captain Murray to complete the muster
rolls and clerical work required. The
transfer of property to the regimental offl
' cers will be attended to next.
The discipline of camp has been drawn
: close and from now on the soldier boys
will have earnest work before them. Regi
mental, battalion and company drills hay«
begun and will be daily features of, vie
camp life herea.f,ter. Both Colonel Hen
shaw and Lieutenant Colonel Carrington
will drill the regiment, while Lieutenant
Colonel Carrington and Majors Whittun
i and Forbes will drill the battalions. The
company lieutenants will be exercised in
drilling the companies from time to time,
thus giving all an oportunity to become
, proficient In handling th*-ir commands.
The matter of a chaplain is still held in
abeyance, although there is any quantity
of material to select from. The services
Sunday were conducted by Rev. Jesse
1 Smith and his workers from the End--.iv
orers' Seamen's Rest at 700 Broadway,
Oakland. Arrangements have been made
' for a special gospel service Thursday af
ternoon at 3 o'clock, with Rev. E. R. Dille,
; D.D.. as the speaker. Ther is a large
1 number of earnest Christian men in the
; regiment. Teh reading and writing tent
of the t'hristlan Commission was erected
near the hospital tents this afternoon.
The dally routine of guard mount to
night showed a gre.it improvement over
; former occasions. The men and non
commissioned officers went through the
tactics in a creditable manner. Cnptaln
H. L. Partridge of Company B was officer
of the day. Lieutenant E. R. McDonell of
Company G officer of the guard. Lieuten
ant H. W. Everson, Company C. super
officer of the guard. There were two ser
geants, three corporals, fifty-four pri
vates and one musician in the detail. The
work of the band is a surprise to the of
ficers. Organized but five days, from men
who never played together before, they
have, become an attraction, under the
skillful leadership of Mr. Gomez. Richard
McKilllcan, son of ex-Sheriff McKillican,
carries the honors of drum major with
ease and dignity. New suits have been
ordered, and will soon be ready for the
boys' use.
Captain L. E. Lyon of Company H
called upon Chief of Police Fletcher this
age was $50. Box SI at 7:20 was for a
Maze started by chimney sparks In the
dwelling at 307 Grove street; damage, $20.
Box 142 was a false alarm.
BOXERS ARE MATCHED.
Charley Tye and Morris Jacobs to
Meet in the Olympic
Club.
Matchmaker W. J. Kennedy of the
Olympic Club arranged one of the bouts
last night that will he preliminary to the
meting of Frank McConnell and Tommy
Tracey on August 2.
The match is between Charley Tye of
the Reliance Club. Oakland, and Morris
Jacobs, the "midget Sandow." The men
will box ten rounds and will weigh In at
125 pounds. Tye is well known here as
a clever boxer and hard hitter.
Jacobs has never performed on this
coast. 11 Is small of stature but muscled
liko a Hercules. He has a reputation a»
both a boxer and wrestler. Before bein*
matched with Tye he was severely "tried
out" In th.> Olympic Club gymnasium and
acquitted himself creditably.
Superintendent Kennedy will endeavor
to match Charlie Reno and Jack Gran
field for an eight round bout to-day.
Tracey will train at Croll's Gardens,
Alameda, and will do much of his worn
on thf road.
Billy Klmer, the actor-boxer, has retired
from the ring. Ho has accepted th*> posi
tion of manager of a Port Orford cannery
and will henceforth devote himself to
business. He may have need occasionally
for his knowledge of boxing, as the men
of the canneries settle many of their dif
ferences with nature's weapons.
Chapter of Accidents.
Dick O'Rrien. longshoreman, was In
jured by a falliiiK bucket whilp unloading
; coal in the hold of the steamer Hurmnh,
at tho Rosenfeld hunkers. last evening.
i A lacerated wound of the scalp was
' treated by Drs. Hill and Zabala at the
| Harbor Hospital.
Mrs. Quinn was taken to the Harbor
: Hospital from the Salvation Army Shel
'■ ter for a lacerated wound of the scaJp
' last evening.
Jeff Trueworthy, a stableman for the
Webb-street stables, fell on the sidewalk
; last night and broke his leg:. His injury
was attended to at the Harbor Hospital.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
V.-SHINGTON, July ll._Sol Worth
lngton and Philip Meyers of Los Anpeles,
and Thomas W. Beach of San Francisco
are In the city. Representative de Vrles
leaves for home to-morrow. He will stop
in San Francisco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 12, 1898.
TO SAIL THURSDAY.
Major-General Otis and Staff
Go on the Peru — Hawaii An
nexed to Department
of California.
There was considerable of a stir at military headquarters yester
day afternoon upon the receipt of several important telegrams from
the War Department, the most important of which was the one from
Adjutant General Corbln attaching the Hawaiian Islands to the De
partment of California. The telegram was directed to Major General
Merriam, commanding the department, and reads as follows:
"It has been decided to include the Hawaiian Islands in the
Department of California. The First New York Regiment of Volun
teers, now en route to San Francisco, is probably the best equipped
for service at Honolulu."
This puts the new territory under the jurisdiction of General Mer
riam, who, in addition to the Department of California, has also un
der his command the Department of the Columbia, In other words
his jurisdiction now Includes California. Neveda, Oregon, Washington,
Alaska and the Hawaiian Islands, making a vast area and largely in
creasing the business of the commander.
Honolulu Is now the intermediate station between the Department
of California and the Department of the Pacific, the latter including
the Philippine Islands, in command of Major General Merritt, whose
headquarters are at Manila. This not only makes Honolulu a very im
portant naval station, but adds much to the importance of San Fran
cisco as a depot of supplies.
General Merriam at once appreciating the gTeat responsibility
that has been placed upon him has already put on his thinking cap
to work out the military programme for the islands. He said last
evening that he proposes at an early day to take a trip to Honolulu
and spend some little time there for the purpose of thoroughly ac
quainting himself with the situation and learning the needs of the
near future.
A military post will be established at Honolulu. One regiment,
without much doubt the First New Tork Volunteers, will at once be
established there as the garrison and very likely several batteries of
artillery will be sent there at no distant day. The colonel of the In
fantry regiment will be the commander of the post. There also will
be a quartermaster and a commissary officer stationed there.
The transports Peru and City of Puebla will sail for Manila on
Thursday by the way of Honolulu, where a stay of perhaps two
weeks will be made. Major General Otis and his staff will sail on
the Peru. His staff is composed of Brigadier General R P. Hughes.
United States Volunteers, inspector general, chief of staff of the De
partment of the Pacific: Lieutenant Colonel T. H. Barry, assistant
adjutant general; Major John S. Mallory, Inspector general: Captain
Charles McClure of the Eighteenth Infantry, acting judge advocate;
Captain John L. Sehon, assistant adjutant general and aid, and First
Lieutenant F. TV. Sladen of the Fourteenth Infantry, aid.
The baggage of the troops will be put on board the transports to
day and the soldiers who are ordered t" be in readiness will embark
to-morrow. The following is the official order:
Headquarters Independent Division, Eighth Army Corps. Phelan Building,
Pan Francisco, Cal.. July 11. IR9S. Special Orders. No. 39:
2.— The following designated troops of this command will be placed In
readiness to embark for the Philippine Islands In steamers City of Puebla
and Peru by Tuesday next, the 12th instant, and are assigned to ves
sels as follows:
On the steamer City of Puebla: Headquarters and remaining companies
o? the Fourteenth United States Infantry; recruits of First and Second Bat
talions of the Eighteenth and Twenty-third United States Tnfantry: pnllsted
men of the First North Dakota, First Wyoming and First Tdaho Regiments
of Volunteers, medical officers and members of the hospital corps to be
hereafter announced.
On the steamer Peru: Squadron of thp Fourth T'nlted States Cav
alry designated for expeditionary proposes; light batteries of the Sixth
United States Artillery, detachment of the Third T'nited States Artlllerey—
members of batteries which have already embarked; one company of the
signal corps. T'nited States Volunteers, and such medical officers and mem
bers of the hospital corps as may be hereafter named.
By command of Major General Otis.
THOMAS H. BARRY. Assistant Adjutant General.
The Peru and City of Puebla will remain at Honolulu until the ar
rival of the next fleet, which will bo composed of the Pennsylvania, the
Rio Janeiro and the St. Paul. This fleet is slated to sail within ten
days, but what troops it will carry has not yet been decided. This
matter will be left to Major General Merriam, v, ho is to have charge
of all the Philippine expeditionary forces remaining here after the de
parture of Major General Otis. The regiment to be stationed at Hon
olulu will be transported within a few days on a vessel yet to be char
tered.
General Otis, while waiting for this regiment and the three other
transports, will arrange matters at Honolulu for the military post and
have everything in readiness for the demonstration in honor of the
annexation, in which all the troops of the five vessels, together with
the garrison regiment, will take part. At Honolulu General Otis will
receive additional orders from Washington.
Rear Admiral Joseph N. Miller, who sails for Honolulu on the
Philadelphia on the 20th, will have charge of the naval demonstra
tion and of the ceremony of raising the American flag over the Ha
waiian Islands, as he is the ranking officer.
In case the New Tork regiment is not fully equipped the Seventh
or Eighth California will in all probability be ordered to Honolulu.
REJOICING IN THE
SUNSET DISTRICT
! CELEBRATING THE ACQUISITION
OF CAR SERVICE.
Mass-Meeting of Citizens, Followed
by an Evening of Music
and Dancing.
i
Lights out and locked doors were the or
: der of things in the Sunset District last
' night except at the corner of H street and
Ninth avenue, where the people assemhled
to give vent to their joy over the aequlsl
i tion of some of the many things for which
j they had been contending during the past
| year. Among these were the completion
; of an intersecting sewer, a sufficient water
supply and a direct line of cars to the val
i ley by the sea.
These they got; but, alas, the district is
' still in Egyptian darkness. There is nnt a
j glimmer of either gas or electric lights to
J be seen west of Stanyan street, and cltl
! Zens who turned out last night guided
: themselves to the hall by the aid of a '49
' lantern. Nevertheless the hall was not
sufficiently large to half accommodate
those who did come.
The new line of electric cars brought
quite a crowd from the city east of the
dividing line. Among those who swelled
the crowd were E. P. Vlning, manager of
the Market Street Railroad Company;
Miss Vining, School Director E. L. Head,
Supervisors Lackmann, Sheehan, Brltt
and Devany. Joe O'Ponnell, Charles Ga
gus, Frank Conklin, whitewasher for tho
! School Department, and many more who
| came to loin the hospitable residents ot
; the favored Sunset Valley.
President Kelley of the Sunset District
Improvement Club presided and Intro
duced the speakers. Miss Irma L. Tilden,
principal speaker of the evening, delivered
an address of welcome.
After the address, which was generously
'. applauded, the remaining part of the pro
gramme was carried out. It consisted of
recitations and home-made songs applica
ble to the Sunset Valley, with dancing and
a sumptuous repast in the large hall down
stairs.
For the success of the entertainment the
following gentlemen have the thanks of
those who participated:
Finance Committee— John Nightingale, chair
man; K. B. Mastlck. J. K. P. Harmon, Edwin
Goodale, George A. Pope, Sol Getz, C. G. Lar
srn. K. 1'- Montgomery. Bartk't Doe, G. S.
Trim, Isaac Llebes, T. Jennings, T. B. Bishop,
Louis Llpman.
Reception Committee— Frank Conklln, chair
man; Charles Frankel, J. F. Rltter, Harry I.
Mulrreavy. John McAdams, Samuel Ickel
helmer, J. J. Donovan, James Kavanagh. Carl
Hlndrrer. J. Proll, Jens Anderson, Robert
Hunn, H. rj. Ellis, Henry Ickelhelmer. M. J.
Kelly, A. Phillips, V. Armbruster, George Rod
per-», Barna McKinne, P. F. Butler W. H.
Llllle.
l>e(-oration Committee— O. H. Makinson,
rhnlrman; E. B. Hallett, W. A. Hoyt R. M
Webb, W. Hell, K. Cox, P. Furlong, \V. T.
Berk, Phillip Olez. M. Bellinger, B. F. Har
nlfh.
Entertainment Committee— Mrs. Daniel Foley,
chairman; Mrs. J. E. Mlln. Mrs. J. H. Oon
yeau, Mrs. \Y. H. Jones. Mrs. E. B. Hallett.
Mrs. W. A. Hoyt, Mrs. William Bell, Mrs. M.
J. Kelly, Mrs. H. O. Ellis, Mrs. Robert Hunn,
Mrs. M. SWinger, Mrs. J. F. Ritter, Mrs.
James Kavanaßh, Mrs. R. Keller, Mrs. C. S.
Cushman. Mrs. N. Morris.
Bariquet Committee— Mrs. L.oulse Mnrquard,
chairman: Mrs. Oeorge H Maklnßon, Mrs John
M. Winter, Mrs. Frefl Hoffman. Mrs. B. F.
Harnich, Mrs. Adolph Beti, Mrs. W. T. Beck,
Mrs. V. Armbruster, Mrs. R. M. Webb and
Messrs. Rudolph Marquard, H. C. Winter,
Adolph Betz, Henry Marquard.
Ire Cream Committee— Mrs. A. Harrington,
chairman; Mrs. E. Cox. Mrs. Phillip Illez, Mrs.
John McAdams. Mrs. J. Proll. Misses P. Qulg
ley, Esther Morris, Freda Marquard and May
Tnylnr.
Pancing Committee— J. E. Mlln, floor man
ager; James Quigley. W. H. Jones. A. Har
rington. John M. Winter, T. F. Taylor and
Gus Wessllng, assistant floor managers.
SHE WAS DESPONDENT.
Nellie Sullivan Dies From the Effects
of an Overdose of Paregoric.
A middle-aged woman named Nellie
Sullivan died in the Receiving Hospital
yesterday from the effects of a
dose of paregoric, taken with sui
cidal intent. The unfortunate woman
lived at 119 Ninth street. At
6 o'clock yesterday morning a friend
named George Davis rapped on the door
of her room, but failing to get a response
forced an entrance.
Lying on the floor, her head partly un
der the bed, was Mrs. Sullivan, appa
rently in a dying condition. After placing
her in bed Davis summoned a doctor, who
advised her removal to the Receiving
Hospital. Notwithstanding the efforts of
the doctors she died last evening without
regaining consciousness.
In his statement to Detective Ed Gib
son, Davis said that Mrs. Sullivan had
frequently threatened to do away with
herself. He met her last May, he said,
and they agreed to live together.
Mrs. Lay, who lives in the house in
which the unfortunate woman took the
fatal dose, claims that Mrs. Sullivan in
formed her several days ago that she
would have to "take something" to pro
duce sleep, or she would go crazy.
The first large iron bridge in the
world was built over the Severn in 1777.
morning and renewed the old friendship !
that existed when Lyon commanded the
Stockton company, and Fletcher, as he
f=ays, was ,a high private in the rear rank. \
The captain mentioned that he wanted
lumber to make three chests for his com- \
mand. Secretary Harry Thomas of the
Board of Public, Works offered to raise
the necessary funds, as the Government
did not make any such allowance. No
trouble was encountered in the canvass,
and the necessary chests will soon be in
use.
Mrs. Henry Wetherbee of East Four- !
teenth street and Frultvale avenue had
Lieutenant Colonel Carrlngton and As- |
sistant Surgeon J. D. Yost to dinner this ;
evening. Saturday she expects to enter- I
tain Colonel Henshaw, Lieutenant Colo- j
nel Carrington, Captain Barnes and As- i
sistant Surgeon Yost. Mrs. Wetherbee Is ■
one of the most active Red Cross Work- i
ers, Rnd will see that everything is done |
for the comfort of the sick at the camp, j
The non-commissioned officers of Com
pany M, San Jose. Captain Baldwin, are
as follows: First sergeant, H. J. Drake,
transferred from Company B of San
Jose; quartermaster sergeant, John Stan
ley; sergeants— Henry M. Dyer, Walter
C. Brown, James L. Davis; corporals-
Thomas Graham, Alexander Lowe, Albert
R. Gossard, William K. Hart.
There are seven men In the hospital
tents, although there are no Berlouscases.
The food and meuical supplies for the
hospital are all furnished by the Oak- :
land Red Cross. The society will here
after devote all its energy to looking after ,
the welfare of the men in camp here.
EIGHTH ARMY CORPS.
Third Brigade Drill — Colonel
Smith Writes to Governor
Taylor of Tennessee.
The brigade drill of the Third Brigade,
under General H. G. Otis, at the Presidio
yesterday was the first of its kind ever seen
on this coast. A large number of people
were present to witness the evolutions.
Colonel Frost, First South Dakota,
states that his regiment yet needs about
twenty recruits to completo its muster
rolls as required by the last call.
Private John Dale, Company H, First
South Dakota, who on Saturday acciden
tally shot himself through the breast
while cleaning: his rifle, was resting easy
yesterday. It is now thought that he will
recover.
Major John Demerit, additional pay
master, paid the Fifty-first lowa yester
day, to include June 30. The recruits of
the Eighteenth Infantry and those of
Batteries G and 1,, not paid on last pay
j day. were also compensated by Major
i Demerit for their services to the Govern
ment.
The following promotions have been
made In the First South Dakota: Second
Lieutenant F. L. Burwick, Company 11.
to be first lieutenant Company M, vice
Lieutenant Hunt, resigned; and First
Sergeant H. J. Mowry. Company H, to be
second lieutenant Company H, vice Lieu
tenant Burwick, promoted.
Private Ritter, Company M, Fifty-first
lowa, was operated upon for intestinal
obstruction at the French Hospital yester
day morning. The efforts or the physi
cians, however, proved unavailing and
Private Ritter died late last evening.
Private A. L. Brattain. I'tah Troop of
Cavalry, has been detached from that
company by Major General Otis and at
tached to his headquarters. He will ac
| company General Otis on the steamer
Puebla to Manila.
. . Regulation uniforms were being issued
to the Twentieth Kansas yesterday In the
place of those recently condemned by the
board of survey. Private T. F. Larlson,
Company E, Twentieth Kansas, was dis
charged from the service yesterday for
EhysTcal disabilities contracted before
eing mustered into the service.
Colonel W. C. Smith has received a let
ter from Adjutant General Charles Sykes
of Tennessee, calling his attention to an
article published In a San Francisco
paper some time ago. in which some sore
head in the regimrnt criticizes Governor
Taylor of Tennessee fnr making no effort
to equip the regiment before it came here.
The- colonel has written a letter In reply,
stating that he will endeavor to ascertain
who it was that criticized the Governor.
The colonel states that Governor Taylor
did everything possible in his power to
have the regiment equipped before it left
Tennessee and that he has never spoken
in anything but praise of the Governor
for what he did for the regiment.
♦
A SWORD PRESENTATION.
Captain George B. Baldwin Re
ceives a Handsome Blade
From Woodmen of
the World.
Captain George B. Baldwin, Company
M, Eighth Regiment, California Volun
teers, was presented with a valuable
sword last night. The gift was from the
members of Tamalpals Lodge, Woodmen
of the World, of which Captain Baldwin
is a member.
The presentation took place in the lodge
room. Red Men's building, before a large
attendance of members and friends of the
recipient.. The exercises, which were of
a musical and literary character, were
followed by a banquet. The affair was
under the direction of Council Com
mander M. B. Estes, M. D.; Banker H.
L. Hill, D. D.. and Clerk H. M. Greene.
The presentation address was made by
Acting Sergeant W. W. Wilson. He ex
tolled Captain Baldwin for his work in
the past and closed his remarks with the
hope that he would come back from ser
JAPANESE RESIDENTS
AID THE RED CROSS
SEND GENEROUS AMOUNTS TO
HELP THE GOOD WORK.
Troops Will Probably March Aboard
Transports To-Morrow — Lunches
to Be Prepared for the Men.
Japanese residents have shown their
sympathy with the Red Cross Society by
generously responding to the call of the
local Japanese bank and subscribing $ISS.
The latter sum comes from the local so
ciety, and is in appreciation of the great
work now being performed by the organi
zation. The bank has also added $25, mak
ing a neat sum to be used In the good
work. The Japanese were asked a
few <tays ago to lend their aid, and very
quickry responded. It is thought that more
funds will come from the same quarter.
Armed with neatly printed books con
taining numbered receipts, and stubs, the
ladies on the subscription committee have
started out again on their pursuit for sub
scriptions. They are meeting with the
same success as on their initial trip, as
the merchants are fully aware of the
noble work already done by the society
they represent.
Mrs. John F. Merrill, president of the
local society, returned yesterday from a
much-needed vacation, and took up the
reins of governing the destinies of the
local branch.
Donations for the much-needed hospital
ship are pouring in. Among the subscrip
tions received by Mrs. E. R. Diamond yes
terday was $1 from Mrs. M. V. B. Brad
ford. Ontario, Canada, and Mrs. C. J.
Holmes.
The San Francisco Rerl Cross Society has
now a fund on hand amounting to jni.ol9 3».
Including the following recently received:
Friend, $2 50; from Americans, Whltewntf-r,
B. C. $10; American lemonade stand. Hotel
Mateo, $1 40; employes Navy Department,
Union Iron Works, second subscription. $10 50;
George. Lyons, second subscription, 50 cents;
memberships. $22; collected of G. W. Clark <fc
Co., $13; Japanese Society, $1CO; Japanese Bank.
J2S; Millbrae public school. $.<*; Miss Helen
■Wilder of Honolulu, $1 50; Miss Mar)' Johnson
of Honolulu, $1 50; Mr. and Mrs. Hitching,
second subscription, $2; J. L. Lewiston, second
monthly subscription, $2 50; T. Marx, KCond
monthly subscription, 50 cents; B. Pasquale &
Sons, monthly subscription, $5; memberships,
$21; total. $51,919 39.
Donations were received at the ferry yester
day from Mrs. Sperry, Mrs. Oxnard, Mrs. J.
Jewett, Miss Grer. Mm. W. W. Montague,
Mrs. Charles Sadler, Mrs. W. J. Summers,
vice in the field with the highest hon
ors.
Captain Baldwin accepted the gift in a
grateful little speech. He was taken en
tirely unawares in the matter, as he had
been induced to attend the gathering on
some pretext, there being no hint that
he was to play so prominent a part in
the proceedings.
He was followed by Major Forbes, who
has. been a lifelong friend of Captain
Baldwin. He told of their ambition to see
active service in Cuba and said that from
what he knew of the captain his sword
would never be sheathed in dishonor.
Captain Dunleavy of the Harbor Police
spoke in behalf of the department of
which Captain Baldwin has been a mem
ber. The addresses were all liberally ap
plauded.
DIVISION HOSPITAL.
Visiting Civilians, and Espe
cially Ladies, Break the Rules
and the Patients Suffer.
Some time ago Surgeon Major W. O.
Owen, in charge of the Division Hospi
tal, made a complaint to Major General
Otis about the indiscriminate way in
which civilians visited the hospital and
went among the sick soldiers. He point-
Ed out that serious consequences might
result from this, such as the spreading 1 of
an epidemic. This was easily possible,
as the visitors "would go in the infectious
wards, and were in danger of catching
diseases themselves. They were in the
habit of slipping- in when no one was
watching. As a result of this letter
guards were posted around the hospital.
It was learned yesterday beyond the
shadow of a doubt that Major Owen has
again had cause to complain of civilian
visitors and that he has written a let
ter to Major General Otis requesting that
the severest measures be immediately
adopted to prevent the admission to the
hospital of any person, citizen, so ier or
officer, who has not written authority to
be admitted.
This letter is a result of very serious
consequences. On Sunday some lady vis
itors managed by some pretext to get by
the guards and were admitted. They en
tered one of the tents where some of the
pick were confined and fed the men on
cheese sandwiches with the result that
Private Burkland of the Twenty-third
Infantry had to be removed to the French
Hospital with convulsions. He is now
critically 111. It was also found that a
number of the sick had been supplied
with medicines not prescribed by any of
the Division Hospital surgeons, and
which would have had serious results had
the patients taken them before they were
found. These medicines were given to
the soldiers presumably by the lady vis
itors. There is no doubt that in the fu
ture every precaution will be taken to
exclude every one not entitled to admis
sion to the hospital.
THE NEW YORKERS.
The Final Preparations for the
Arrival of the Regi
ment.
The New Yorkers met at the Occidental
Hotel last night to complete arrange
ments for the reception of the New York
regiment which will arrive here Thurs
day morning. Everything is in readiness
for the arrival of the soldiers; the break
fast will be served in the Mechanics' Pa
vilion and the regiment will be escorted
from the ferry to that place by the New
York Society. The Tennessee regiment
band will lead the procession and t:ie
band of the Seventh California will fur
nish music at the Pavilion.
A committee was appointed to receive
the regiment upon the arrival at th<
ferry. The members of this committee
are "James Denman, E. 1,. Maguire, — -
Magnus, J. G. King. Dawson Mayer, S. J.
Levy. William McMann and J. J. Mc-
Carthy. The committee appointed to meet
the regiment at Sacramento are as fol
lows: Colonel C. Mason Kinne. Colonel
H. P. Bush. J. P. Mehan, Philip I.
Fisher, A. J. de la Mar and J. F. Con
key and Dr. J. Spaulding from the Santa
Clara Society. They will leave hero
Wednesday morning.
The members were asked to invite their
lady friends to assist in the reception.
Badges will be issued on Wednesday
evening. General Barnes appointed a com
mittee to prepare plans for a permanent
organization of the New York Society.
This committee will report at the next
meeting.
Thanks were tendered to Major Hooper
for the gratuitous use of his rooms for
the meetings. The meeting adjourned
until Wednesday evening at R o'clock.
Subscriptions!)}- former residents of New
York State will be received by James P.
McCarthy, 646 Market street. Mr. Mc-
Carthy will keep his office open until 8
p. m. Tuesday.
HORSES ON THE TACOMA.
A Detail of Thirty Men Will
Cere for the Animals on the
Voyage to Manila.
A detail of four men— thirty in all—
from Troops C, E. G. I, X and L of the
Fourth Cavalry has been detached from
their troops to go on board the ship Ta
coma to receive and care for the horses
that are to be shipped on this vessel to
Manila. Veterinary Surgeon Alexander
Mrs. Truesdale, Mrs. Ksselman. Mrs. Louia
Slnsp, Mrs. W. Plerson. Mrs. E. Ballhache,
Mrs. Robinson. D. D. Henderson, Mr. Harold.
Mr. Roos, Fred Dratz and Pan Rafael Red
Cross.
Mrs. E. W. McKlnstry of the State depart
ment Is in receipt of donations from Biggs.
Concord. lone, Mayfleld. Santa Clara, Santa
Paula, Danville, 1..0S Angeles. Captain Steas,
Santa Cruz, Gait and Salem, Or..
Donations to the San Francisco Red Cross
Society were received from Mrs. C. J. Still
well. Noe Street Red Cross, Miss Weber,
friends, J. D. Kelly and Mrs. Dlekman.
Mrs. Theodore Smith, in charge of the sup
ply department of the Red Cross, 16 Post street,
requests donations of caps, field pillow cases,
books, magazines, comfort bags and scissors,
the latter being In great demand by the sol
diers.
The entertainment committee of the Rea
Cross is very busy at present in making elabo
rate . preparations for the great celebration to
be held at the Chutes on the 14th. Music 1»
to be a special feature and leading musicians
have volunteered their services.
.The socletv has been notified that the troops
will board the transports to-morrow and the
clubs that have volunteered to furnish lunches
will kindly send them early "Wednesday morn
ing. . • •■..-•.
Friends In the country who send comfort
bags will see that their mottoes are all ele
vating and helpful, something that they would
like a brother or son to read.
The Lakeport Red Cross Society has raised
nearly $200 In cash besides furnishing com
fort baj?s and bandages. All has been for
warded to the headquarters In this city. One
hundred and fifty dollars of the amount sent
was raised at the Fourth of July celebration at
Upper lake.. -
Subscriptions were received at the State head
quarters from the following: Joe Snell. Clo
verdale, 2f>e; Ventura, $15: San Rafael. $30;
Overall Brigade of Fort Dewey, second sub
scription, $2: Vacavllle. $12 50: Nevada. $.-,;
Truckee, $5: Truckee, $60; San Mateo. $5; hos
pital ship fund. $2: Danville. $1 25: Oolden Rod
Parlor. Weavervllle. Trinity County. $10; Gil
roy, $70; total. $12,187.
On Wednesday evening, the 20th instant.
Bay City Social. C. O. F.. will give a grand
social • for the : benefit of the boys In blue at
Social Hall, Alcazar building.
In the Divorce Courts.
Daisy A. Vandybogurt was granted a
divorce from her husband, Ira H. Vandy
bogurt, by Judge Belcher yesterday on
the grounds of extreme cruelty and fail
ure to provide. Frederick Smith was
granted a divorce from Emily A. Smith
on the ground of extreme cruelty. The
application of Annfe P. Eldracher for a
divorce from William F. Eldracher was
granted on the ground of willful neglect.
Annie S. Gordon has applied for a divorce
from David Gordon, alleging failure to
provide as a cause of action. Katie M.
Petty has sued Alexander Petty for a
divorce. The decree is asked for on the
ground of cruelty.
In Persia the factory hands work
from 5 a. m. to 8 p. m.
| Plumner of the Fourth Cavalry has been
ordered to accompany mis detachment
and exercise supervision in the care and
tnatment of all animals placed on board.
Captain John 1.,. Sebon, assistant ad
jutant general United States Volunteers,
has been granted one month's leave of
absence on a surgeon's certificate, with
permission to apply for an extension of
five months.
Private Frank Bryan, Battery B, First
j Battalion, Heavy Artillery, United States
California Volunteers, has been sentenced
to four months' imprisonment at Alcatraz
and to forfeit 5510 per month during that
period for a violation of article 62 of
war.
For creating a disturbance near the
guard tent of his battery at Fort Baker,
Private Edward Murdoek. Battery B.
First Battalion, Heavy Artillery. United
States California Volunteers, has been
sentenced to one month's imprisonment
at hard labor and to forfeit $10.
Captain Belfnrd, assistant adjutant gen
eral. United States Volunteers; Captain
C. A. Devol, assistant quartermaster.
United States army, and Captain Charles
C. Walcutt. first assistant quartermaster
in the Volunteers and first lieutenant of
the Eighth Cavalry, all of the staff of
Major General Otis, will sail for Manila
on the transport fleet that is to leave San
Francisco next week.
THE ALAMEDA.
Will Sail for Honolulu and Aus
tralia To-morrow Night
at 10 O'Clock.
Telegraphic advices have been received
that the mnlls for dispatch by the steamer
Alameda for Honolulu and Australia will
not reach San Francisco until 5:45 p. m.,
Instead of 2 p. m. as heretofore. The
steamer will therefore sail at 10 p. m.,
instead of 2 p. m.. as heretofore. Passen
gers and those who desire to send mall
matter can govern themselves accord
ingly.
The Tennessee Regiment.
Next Thursday evening: the public will
have an opportunity of joining in the
ovation and welcome to the First Ten
i nessee Regiment at Mechanics' Pavilion,
j when they will appear in their drill under
I the auspices of the Christian Commission.
j Hundreds of ladies are preparing refresh-
I ments to be served at the close oi the
drill. ->£. large committee on tickets has
I been appointed, and the chorus which will
j furnish music will meet this evening at
; the Association Auditorium, Mason and
! Ellis streets, for rehearsal. Such songs
I as "Dixie Land." "Battle Hymn of the
| Republic," "Soldier's Farewell," "Star
1 spangled Banner," etc., will be sung. C.
iS. Greene of the Overland Monthly has
! written a special hymn for the occasion,
which will be sung by the audience. Cards
of admission, which are 25 cents for
adults and 10 cents for children, may be
secured at the Association building and at
the door of the Pavilion the night of the
drill. A few reserved seats are on sale at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s for those who
may desire to be sure of a seat. General
King and staff will be present and review
the regiment. The official button of the
Christian Commission is now on sale at
the Association building.
The Woodland Company.
The Woodland Volunteers belonging to
the company that was dismissed from the
National Guard last week seem now to
realize the unenviable light that their
| unpatriotic action has placed them In be
fore the public, and they are doing every
thing possible to vindicate their patriot
l ism and rehabilitate themselves In the
j good opinion of their people.
The following telegram was received
i last evening from The Call's Carson cor-
i respondent:
CARSON. Nev.. July 11.—The disbanded
: Woodland company has wired Governor
Sadler, offering to place fifty recruits
jat his disposal from Woodland. He told
. The Call this evening that he would not
! need any California recruits to fill the
! Nevada battalion. Nearly 400 soldiers are
! in Camp Sadler now and more are con
! stantly coming in.
Promotion of Dr. Shiels.
Dr. George F. Shiols. surgeon major of
j the Eighth California Regiment, has re
| ceivorl a telegram from Washington stat
! ing that the President has appointed him
j a brigade surgeon, and ordering him to
report to Major General Otis for duty in
1 the Philippines. Major Shiels has been
assigned to duty on the transportPennsyl
| vania. which with the St. Paul and Rio
I de Janeiro will sail for Manila inside of
I ten days. His successor will be appointed
i by Governor Budd when official notice of
! his promotion is received.
On the Pension Roll.
Mrs. Addie L. Ballou received word yes
terday that Congress had finally recog
] nized and acknowledged her noble work
i during the Rebellion, and had passed a
bill granting to her a pension of $12 per
month. Mrs. Ballou has many stanch.
friends among the California delegation
at Washington, who have lent every ef
fort to furthering the measure for her as
sistance. It was through a message from
Senator Perkins that Mrs. Ballou yester
day first received the news of Congress*
I action. r
The Free Trade Libeled.
Archie Phillips and others, members of
the crew of the schooner Free Trade, hava
filed a libel against her in the District
Court for the sum of $54S 90 due them for
wages.
ORGANIZING BOOTHS
FOR THE IRISH FAIR
WELL-KNOWN LADIES ARRANG
ING BIG DISPLAYS.
Committees Appointed and Work to
Begin Immediately — Names of
Some in Charge.
The lady friends of the members of St.
Patricks Mutual Alliance met last night
in the parlors of the Pleasanton and
formed an organization to take charge ot
a booth of that society in the great Celtic
Union's Irish Fair, which opens August
20 in Mechanics' Favilion. Among thoss
present were:
Mrs= Charles A. Laherly. Mrs. Hudson. Miss
Annie BatOWßki, Miss Katie Hiokey, Mrs. Mc-
Partland. Miss A. Kerr. Mrs. J. Nelson, Mrs.
II Green, Miss Annie Grcpn. Mrs. K. Dono
van. Miss M. (Jleason, Ml?» C. Gleason,
Miss M. Ryan, Miss <". Murphy, Miss L. W.
Btfckley, Miss M. Muhrerhill, Mrs. J. J. Wall.
M'ss K. Downes. Mr?. Oolan. Miss 1,. Meader.
Mrs W. J. Burns. Miss Kate Reardon. Miss
Jr.sio Russell, Mrs. J. .1. Bradley, Miss Syne,
Miss Rose ("allnppy. Miss 1,. Ryan. Miss Julia
McArtbur, Miss Emma Russell. Mrs. K. Mur
nhy Mrs. P. H. Flynn. Mrs. J. I). Condon.
Miss Condon, Mrs. \V. OShaushnessy, Mra.
McFaddea, Miss Annie Donohue. Miss Julia
Brown. Miss Celia Hernld. Miss Hattle Hohn,
! Miss Hannah Dohen, Mrs. C. B. Flanagan,
Messrs. *P. H. Flynn, J. H. McGinvey, Lester
Manner Leo Buckley of the fair was pres
ent ami cavp a report of the splendid work
that was beinc done t>y the ladles.
The booth made by T. C. Butterworth wa»
ordered rented nnd it will be planed In a
conspicuous place on the main floor.
Mrs. Ooodell was elected chairman of the
St Patrick's Mutual Alliance booth commit
tee. Mrs. James Bradley vice chairman. Miss
Josie Russell secretary and Mrs. William
J. Burns treasurer.
At the California Hotel the ladles of the
Knifthts of St. Patrick held a preliminary meet
ing for organization. Mrs. James S. Fennell
was elected chairman and Miss Mary Gertrude
O'Connor secretary. Next Friday evening per
manent organization will be effected. Amonj
those present last evening were Mrs. Dr. Ed
E Hill, Mrs. P. F. MeCormlck. Mrs. Kennell,
Miss O'Connor, Miss Mulhern, R. C. O'Connor,
Jeremiah Deasy. John Mulhern, P. J. McCor
mlck. Dr. Hill and others.
Califomians in New York.
NEW YORK, July 11.— H. F. Dutton of
San Francisco is at the Manhattan. R.
Rosenthal of San Francisco Is at ' tho
Vendome. Edward Mills and wife of San
Francisco have gone to Paria
56
TUESDAY JULY 12, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, _ Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. f.
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 22! Stevsnson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE 6AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) !•
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a w««K- By mall $6 per year; per montlj
66 cent*.
THE WEEKLY CALL.^ year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE ~- 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON <D. C.) OFFICE Ri&ft* Hoast
C. C. CARLTOIN. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
tRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 930 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 octooK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh)
Street, open uQtl> 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky street*, open until 9 o'clock
AM'JbLM tNTi,
Columbia— "Lost— Hours "
Alcazar— "Faust
Morosco's— "Romany Rye "
Tlvoll— "Fatmltza "
Orpheum - Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 618-pound Man.
French Celebration — At the Chutes. Tlmr.-day, July 14.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Eddy Birects, bptsclalUea.
Sutro's Baths— Swimming .
El Campo— Music, dauclns.boatlng', fishing , every Sunday.
Oakland Racetrack— Raoes to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. F. Rooker-Tnls day, July 12, Ho «js, etc., at 72l How
ard street, .11 11 o'clock.
By Edward S. Spear k Co.— Thursday, July It. Groceries
Hardware, etc., at 217 Drumin street, , at 10 o'clock.
YOU MUST REGISTER.
ALL citizens who desire to vote at the coming
elections must register. Former registration
does not count. The necessity oi registering
anew applies to everybody. That iact does not seem
to be generally understood, for although general
registration has been in progress for upward of five
weeks only about 8000 out of the 73,000 voters of the
city have attended to it.
The old maxim, "go early and avoid the rush," is
particularly pertinent to the duty of registration. It
is a task that requires some little time to perform,
and those who delay to the closing weeks of registra
tion rind themselves compelled to wait in the office a
long time before they can get their names recorded.
That has been the case in every general registration
in the city. There are people who put everything
off to the last moment, and their name is legion.
That class crowd one another at the registration of
fice during the last days and make a tedious work of
what could have been readily and quickly done had
they attended to it earlier when there was no rush.
It should be borne in mind that registration closes
August 9 and that time flies fast. Of the total num
ber of citizens who will have to register to vote, only
about 10 per cent have attended to it up to this time.
That means that over 60.000 voters will have to regis
ter between now and the closing day. As the time
grows shorter the rush will increase and the crowd
at the office will augment. That means the neces
sity of waiting in line will become more certain, and
the waiting longer with the passing of each succes
sive day.
A word to the wise should be sufficient. Register
now. To-day will be better for the purpose than to
morrow, and to-morrow better than next day. By
attending to the duty at once your registration can
be made in five minutes. By postponing it until
later it may take you half a day to get to the desk.
Get your name on the register at once.
HEARST'S WEAK APOLOGY.
HEARST evidently has heard of the laughter and
indignation excited by his story of the beheading
of forty Spanish prisoners. He hastens to cor
rect a false impression by explaining that the number
was four instead of forty. This is a start in the right
direction. He should have eliminated the four and
left the cipher as the representative of the truth in
his weird yarn.
But the real secret seems to be revealed in Hearst's
opening words: "On a day when my experiences
were uneventful, I sent you from the field near Si
boney a description of Colonel Lame and his story
of his day's adventures," etc. Or, to put the same
thing in other language, when there was not truth to
tell Hearst sent a fantastic lie. There is reason for
believing that he regrets now having done so, but his
efforts to squirm from under the consequences are
not marked by dignity. The correspondent who in
the absence of news forwards a fake cannot get into
good standing again. He hoists himself without the
pale.
The correspondent goes so far as to admit that he
cannot be positive of the accuracy of Lame's story.
He does not make clear why he sent it if he doubted
it or why he applauded Horse Doctor Lainc, who is
either an immeasurable liar or an assassin. More
over, Hearst has a wrong idea as to the reasons
Americans object to such stuff. It is not out of sym
pathy for the Spaniards. It is because they do not like
stupid fakes, and because the honor and welfare of
their soldiers is held by them in considerable regard.
They do not wish to have the regulars and volunteers
rated as bloody-handed marauders accessory to willful
murder, nor do they wish such fool reports to reach
the ears of the Spaniards, who, believing them, would
be goaded to new and in part excusable excess.
Hearst's apology is weak, as the thing for which he
apologizes was absurd and malign.
Soldiers deserting from the Spanish affirm that
during the last three months their pay had consisted
of three packages of cigarettes. Of course no
civilian is competent to criticize military matters, but
it is almost safe to affirm that such wages are insuffi
cient to keep patriotism up to a white hjeat.
Some of the soldiers here are beginning to fear
they are to sec no active service, but their alarm is
groundless. If they do not get to Manila there is
a demand in Cuba and a promise that things will be
interesting in either place they land.
If it is true the officers of Cervera's fleet heard of
the battle of Manila only after their capture it is cer
tain the Spanish have such a way oi suppressing
news ;is this country knows nothing about.
Blanco still urges "war to the end." If he will
glance back at history he will ascertain that the habit
of war to keep right on to the end is invariable.
Gentlemen who are engaged in wiring verbatim ac
counts of supposititious conversations between Samp
«on and Schley ought to send news instead.
THE VAGARIES OF AMBITION.
THAT excellent aspirant, Dr. Pardee, who gives
to the public every day his good opinion of him
self in his own newspaper, has agreeably varied
the matter by enlarging, through the same channel,
his bad opinion of The Call.
It is a piece of innocent finesse which moves a pro
fessional beauty to heighten her charms by placing
them near a very plain, if possible very ugly, person.
The excellent aspirant of Alameda County has been
looking around for a foil to his good opinion of
himself, and has found it in The Call. His disregard
for this paper is frankly admitted to be caused by the
"fights" it has made. The Call's fight against a cor
rupt or neglectful Los Angeles City Council and a
grasping water company in possession of the city s
water plant and demanding an enormous ransom
therefor is admitted by the excellent aspirant to be
disagreeable to him. He exults that, as he says, The
Call lost that fight. He may exult prematurely, but
even hair trigger exultation, fired too soon, may get
him the sympathy of the millionaires who dole out
drinking water to the people of Los Angeles for a
consideration from works that belong to the people.
It seems worth trying, and the excellent aspirant
tries it.
The next feature in his bad opinion of The Call is
his dislike for the fight we made against the gang in
San Jose. Having the push in his own county with
him, his sympathies go out to the push everywhere.
The gang politician whose nights are lushy and whose
days are bleary, whose breath would draw buzzards
and kill them when they come are at present the con
fidants of the excellent aspirant, and not a nerve in
him protests when they whisper to him. The push
in San Jose are his valued friends just now and The
Call is under the ban for fighting the same.
Gently gliding from censure for the afflictions we
visited upon these persons and corporations who are
useful to his excellent aspirations, the doctor proceeds
to rejoice that the San Francisco charter was adopted,
not because it is a good charter, but because The
Call opposed it. In like manner he rejoices that Ha
waii was taken in, not because it was right to do so,
but because we opposed it. Pushing himself into the
company of things wrong and men vile, opposed by
The Call, he introduces himself as fit for Governor
because of the company he keeps.
We will be very glad to feel that he is fit, since we
rejoice when unfit men refrain from ambitions that are
I too large for their capacity. But Dr. Pardee must
I bear with us. We were not informed of his transcend
ent qualities until he bought a newspaper in which to
j tell us what they are. His virtues were hidden under
j a bushel until he bought a phylactery on which to
I display them. As his case, therefore, differs so widely
! from that of other aspirants, we must have time to
i see him as he sees himself. They must content them
; selves with such public statements of their qualities
\as may be volunteered by others. The doctor does
j not wait for appreciation to come to him over such a
I slow road. He carries appreciation with him and
puts it on tap in his own newspaper. Perhaps had we
i known sooner how well he stands with himself, how
I thoroughly he enjoys himself in his own company and
how much he admires his many talents, we would
1 think as much of him as he does himself. But, even
then, we are painfully aware that we would not stand
I well with him. Love is jealous. Behind Cupid flies
i the bat-winged, green-eyed monster. The doctor
brooks no rival as a lover of himself. The dear
I caress, the stolen interview, the balcony tryst, must
ibe by himself and with himself. With him love's
I young dream has himself for its dear object, and no
; rival must enter the charmed circle where he sits on
: his cAvn knee, affectionately whispering soft nothings
! into his own ear.
POLITICAL GASTRONOMICS.
IT is characteristic of the Populists that at the be
ginning of every campaign they look around for
somebody to swallow them. The delegates to the
State convention of the party which meets at Sacra
mento to-day have for some time been discussing the
situation with a view to being deposited by the Demo
cratic organization where the whale deposited Jonah.
They have no idea of swallowing the Democracy.
They realize that it is their mission on earth to be
eaten and they subject themselves to the process with
a self-sacrificing spirit which, in a less laughable
part}-, would be sublimely heroic.
It is also characteristic of the Populists that they
generally quarrel over the meal that is made of them.
This is due to the circumstance that among the dele
gates to every Populist convention there are always a
number of men who do not want offices and who, con
sequently, are devoted somewhat to principle. These
men continually object to being swallowed by any
body. They believe their only hope of political suc
cess consists in maintaining a single flag pole with a
separate set of nailed colors. Some of them know
from experience that when the Democrats swallow
them success at the polls only result* in Democratic
officeholders. They also know that there can be no
assimilation of principles in political parties, even if
it were possible for a swallowed party to get any of
the offices after election; and so they always object to
being swallowed. At Sacramento to-day the anti
swallowers will be called middle-of-the-road Popu
lists.
We refer to these matters, not because they are in
any sense news, but for the purpose of calling atten
tioa to the tendency of history to repeat itself. The
Populist national convention in 1896 was not swal
lowed, but it downed at a single gulp the Presidential
candidate of the so-called National Democracy. The
result of the attempt to swallow a half-breed Popu
list arrayed in Democratic vestments was over
whelming defeat at the polls. Bryan and the Wat
son-Sewall combination, a freak ticket with two tails,
ended where it should have commenced — in a
museum.
At Sacramento to-day the Populists are evidently
intent on repeating their history. They are going to
eschew the gastronomic necessity of their existence,
as their predecessors did at St. Louis, and nominate
a half-breed Populist for Governor — James G. Ma
guire. Later on the Democrats will choose the same
candidate, and thus again the political rag tag and
bobtail of the State will enter the campaign with a
two-tailed freak ticket.
It is said that Mr. Shanahan, Governor Budd's
Code Commissioner, is pledged to defeat this pro
gramme,, but we are convinced that Tie will not be
able to do so. Next to being swallowed by office
seeking organizations of politicians the chief end of
Populism is to place before the people freak tickets.
A ticket with two tails will be too great a tempta
tion for the Sacramento faithful. Even middle-of
the-road logic will not suffice to distract the attention
of the bewhiskcred party from such a delightful situ
ation. The fact that Bryan lost on a similar com
bination signifies nothing. The Populists in one re
spect resemble the Spanish. The only way to get an
idea into their heads is to beat it in with a thirteen
inch gun.
Even the most enthusiastic young woman ought to
realize that a soldier in a buttonless uniform is labor
ing under hardships which his country never ex
pected him to endure.
THE SAX FRA K CISCO CALL* TUESDAY, JULY 12, 1898.
OUR NOBLE BATTLE-SHIP-
rROM reports given of the naval battle off San
tiago by officers of the American fleet it appears
that while all the ships bore their part nobly
and all the crews performed their dangerous duty
with conspicuous courage the chief praise and honor
are due to our own Californian built battle-ship, the
Oregon. This special praise and honor is in no
wise a reflection upon other ships ot the fleet. How
ever good all may be in any' particular company, there
is always one better than the rest. In this case the
superior one was the Oregon, and the superiority
seems to be like that of Saul among his brothers:
"head and shoulders above the rest."
From the outbreak of the war to this time good
fortune has afforded the Oregon an opportunity to
display her incomparable excellence as a battle-ship.
These opportunities have put her to severe tests, and
had she been weak in any part or particular they
would have been accounted misfortunes rather than
good fortunes for her. She was first tried by a long
voyage around the Horn and found to be as good an
ocean-going craft as ever met the winds and waves
with a frolic welcome. Next it fell to her lot to
carry the first company of Americans to land on
Cuban soil. Finally, as if no honor was to be
denied her, she had the glory at Santiago of fighting
four Spanish ships at once.
All of these opportunities added to the glory of
the Oregon simply because she was able to profit by
them, master them and compel them to serve as evi
dences of her superb qualities. The conspicuous
part she played at Santiago was not due to chance.
As a matter of fact the lowa from her position at the
time the Spanish fleet emerged from the bay had the
better chance of distinction, since she was the nearest
of the American fleet and got in the first shot. The
Oregon, however, was the first to get up steam, and
by her superior speed managed to cut out the lowa
and get the place of honor in the forefront of the
running battle for herself.
The brilliant honors of the Oregon reflect an equal
honor upon the working shipbuilders of San Fran
cisco. The brawny, earnest men, whose names are
unknown to fame, who constructed the big ship, and
who put good, honest, patriotic work into her from
the day her keel was laid until the day she was turned
over to the Government a completed ship, are the
men to whom honor belongs for her glorious record.
Give as much credit as we may to her officers and
her seamen, their skill could not have carried her
through the stormy ocean around the Horn if she
had not been well built, she could not have stood
the cannonading of four Spanish ships in succession
if her armor plate had not been put on well and
strong, neither could she have stood the strain of
the firing of her own big guns if there had been a
weak spot of careless workmanship in any part of her
hull or machinery.
When we give honor to the noble Oregon, there
fore, let us not forget the workmen of the Union Iron
Works. They built a ship that has to-day a prouder
record than any other battle-ship on the globe, and
San Francisco is proud to claim them as her own.
& HERALD OF DARKNESS.
A SALT LAKE paper, the existence of which we
cheerfully make known outside its township,
and called therein the Herald, in a recent issue
contributed to the gayety and likewise the misin
formation of nations by an attack on The Call and
its proprietor, in which The Call is accused of being
the "latest ally of Spain," and of expressing its con
tempt for "American volunteers."
The Salt Lake paper probably has all seasons for
lying, and the feculent exhalations from its columns
indicate that the name of the president of its company
has no lid.
The Call is too busy in the promotion of the Red
Cross and other public activities and patriotic expres
sions to traverse the Salt Lake organ's emanation of
the pulseless emulsion which it mistakes for brains.
The red coal which seems to have touched its rep
tilian nerve was found in The Call's criticism of poli
ticians appointed to military commands without the
soldierly training, taste or experience^ to qualify them
for positions in which the lives of thousands of men
depend upon the training to arms and tactics of their
leaders. Oddly enough the Salt Lake fellow speaks
of Ben Butler as an ideal general lifted from civil life
to a command at the beginning of the Civil War.
While Butler was probably the best of the cornstalk
generals, yet he and Banks and the other politicians
cost the lives of thousands of volunteer privates by
their ignorance of the art of war and their incapacity
to acquire it in actual service.
It is the opinion of the Salt Lake organ that igno
rance of military matters and lack of training therein
are no bar to a commission to command troops. Its
models for officers are frankly announced to be Mr.
Hearst and William J. Bryan!
One can fancy the pleasure of the seasoned Spanish
officers at the pro?pect of being called on to meet
armies led by such commanders!
An investigation of the list of stockholders of the
Herald Company reveals the cause of its misery.
Confirmed idiocy and incapacity had reduced it to
beggary and blackmail, and a few silver millionaires
took it under shelter. The wandering magdalen has
waxed on three meals a day and now wants admission
into society as a "lydy." Remembering Messrs.
Bryan and Hearst as acquaintances of old days, they
are naturally commended as "gents" for whom noth
ing is too good.
One of the Pullman boys wants to join the army,
but he wants also to have a commission. His im
pulse seems to be of a dual sort. Part of it comes
from patriotism and the rest from that quality best
described as "nerve." Civilian kids who want to get
into the army and are too proud to carry a musket
ought to be encouraged to stay out. However, if
Pullman will organize a regiment of sleeping-car
porters and arm them with whisk brooms they might
forage to the consternation and ultimate disaster of
the enemy.
There seems to be no doubt the Spanish naval offi
cers thought the American ships a lot of tubs, manned
by aliens who would not fight, and Americans them
selves much given to words and to nothing more
dangerous. It is reasonable to suppose the Spanish
officers have changed their minds.
The only way to ascertain the conditions prevail
ing in the Klondike seems to be to go there. If you
get rich it's a good place; if you freeze to death as
the only method of escaping starvation its disad
vantages will have to be acknowledged.
Spaniards are denouncing a "bought press." They
have not progressed so far as to term it yellow. Be
sides, this, being the national color, might fail to con
vey the desired meaning. •
This country is not ready to accept as true the
statement that any of the Spanish have had their heads
cut off. They seem to have lost them in some other
way.
Next time the Colorado boys toss a peddling
nuisance in a blanket they should send him higher
and then lose their grip on the blanket
DEMOCRACY OR IMPERIALISM— WHICH?
Possible Alignment of Parties.
SAN FRANCISCO, July 11, 1898.
To the Editor of f~e San Francisco Call— Sir: Since my communication
in The Call of Monday, July 4, appeared, so far as that result can be ob
tained by an unconstitutional resolution, Hawaii has been annexed. I sup
pose the annexation must be regarded as an accomplished fact, though with
out any law to sanction it. When an Englishman with his feet in the stocks
was told by an educated bystander that under the laws of Great Britain
the punishment was unconstitutional, he replied, "But, you see, I am here."
In relation to Hawaii the identity of the situation is apparent. I observe
that even Senator Hoar, who has manifested some regard for the consti
tution of his country, was betrayed into gross inconsistency, and while pro
testing against a policy of conquest found an excuse for this gross depar
ture from fundamental American principles. The excuse, however, was as
irrational as the act is dangerous. There have been precedents for the un
constitutional acquisition of territory, of which the case Ojf Texas is the
most conspicuous. But in that instance the injury resulting from Congres
sional disregard of the organic law was minimized, because the territory was
on this continent and in every sense desirable, and it was converted into a
great and prosperous State which some day may be divided into five. More
over, the annexation of Texas in no way interfered with the Monroe doc
trine, and apart from the question of slavery it did not involve the absorp
tion, against their own will, of a ser.vile population, incapable of being even
educated into a capacity for American citizenship.
It Is useless, however, to cry over spilt milk. So far as Hawaii is con
cerned the game is made and must be accepted as it is. The annexation, in
its essence, is a conquest, achieved by strategy instead of force. Is this to be
the end of the new departure or are we on the verge of revolution? This is
the transcendent question now, for If the whetted beak of the American eagle
is to be plunged into the flesh of humanity, whether broiling in the torrid
zone or freezing in the arctic region, so complete a departure from the
theory and the practice of the republic means political revolution and noth
ing less.
The British Government is a mass of expedients wonderfully adapted to
a settled policy of imperial colonization, which has been slowly developed
and inflexibly extended for centuries. The administration of that Govern
ment at home and abroad has been an unprecedented combination of power,
diplomacy and statesmanship. On the other hand, the Government of the
United States, as It was founded and as it has existed for more than a hun
dred years, was the first organized expression of the most deep-seated as
piration of man, namely, for the exercise of his own sovereignty, limited
only by the interests and necessities which are common to all. It rested,
therefore, upon an eternal principle, and, in an abstract or theoretical sense,
was the most perfect government upon earth. Its practical success was
measurably guaranteed, not only by the race from which it came, but by the
Declaration of Independence and the Federal and State constitutions. Its
administration for more than a century, with many defects and perturba
tions and in spite of internal corruption, on the whole was the most re
markable achievement in history. The Monroe doctrine, while in no respect
interfering with the extension of commerce and the ordinary relations be
tween civilized nations, kept our political system free from European and
Asiatic entanglements and gave us ample range for the consolidation and
elevation of our people between the two oceans and from the chain of great
lakes to the Gulf of Mexico. And when the Pacific supersedes the Atlantic,
as it may largely do in the twentieth century, while avoiding the debauching
influences of Asiatic immigration, Alaska and the great West secured us a
commanding position in that mighty development.
The mission of Great Britain, whatever the original motives which pro
pelled it in the extension of Its dominion, was and is to prepare the
world for liberty and civilization. The mission of the United States was
and is to establish for all time a government, resting upon freedom and
order, without an unnecessary trammel upon the limbs of humanity, and,
therefore, adapted to the highest phases of individual, industrial, intel
lectual and social progress. These two missions are distinct from each
other, and yet, in the order of Providence, inseparably connected. The
one demanded indefinite and rapid expansion— the other, limitation to this
continent, until the work of the fathers had been so consolidated and
strengthened that the edifice they had projected and founded could not be
overthrown. We had sufficient territory for three hundred millions of
people. We had almost inexhaustible resources. Under the operation
of justly restrictive laws, the necessity for which was slowly forced upon
us, we gradually absorbed the best blood of the best elements of the
world. We stimulated education and made it general, and, by that train
ing and experience which, in conformity with our institutions, would ulti
mately extirpate religious bigotry and intolerance, while preserving that ele
stntial morality which holds society together, have raised citizenship to
ward a height which, if it is ever reached, will enable us to command a
view of manifest destiny on all continents and on all islands.
What is manifest destiny? It has been grossly misinterpreted by sec
tions of all political parties, and, in the midst of war, it is now being per
verted to an extent which, if realized, would destroy the constitution it
self. It does not mean filibusterism. It does not mean conquest by force
of arms. It does not mean the prostitution of our laws to the protection
of the speculative enterprises which, as I am credibly informed, are now
being pushed from Cuba to the Philippines by men who would justify the
false saying that "patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel." It does
mean that, when the wisdom of the fathers has been vindicated on this con
tinent, and our Government has absolutely ceased to be an experiment, and
the exquisite light of freedom, law and order illuminates the territory we
now occupy— then our beneficent institutions will peacefully and certainly
extend themselves over other communities, prepared to receive them by
the colonizing labors of Great Britain and by the general advance of man
kind in intelligence, education and virtue.
When from the summit of Telegraph Hill Father Junipero Serra gazed
through the Golden Gate upon the blue Pacific he t- mght of the future
and his pure soul was filled with the spirit of prophecy. As Edmund
Randolph once said, three-quarters of a century later, an American specu
lator, on the same elevation, turned his back upon the Golden Gate and
looked upon the water underneath and he, too, thought of the future which,
to him, consisted of water lots at $500 apiece. Much of the sentimental rot
printed nowadays about the Philippines and Porto Rico has an underlying
motive no higher than speculation. The dream of c nquest which is so per
sistently encouraged in many quarters and which means the sapping of our
national vitality under the pretense of spreading American ideas, is to no
small extent the suggestion of sordid treason to the Constitution and to
every element in true Americanism. But there is another and a greater
danger to our institutions which springs from the most ardent patriotism
and from conceptions which would be lofty if they were not untrue. Old
men watch the trees in their slow growth and discern the forests of the
future. Young men become impatient and by undue stimulation produce an
apparent luxuriance which ends in decay and death. This tendency is Il
lustrated in the history of nations, and by the history -hich we are making
at the present moment. There are tens of thousands of ardent spirits who
would not hesitate to attempt the grafting of American vigor and energy
upon the Oriental rottenness c: the Philippines. The thing cannot be suc
cessfully done. It is our country, our constitution, our civilization, that
would suffer and not the Philippines. Providence cannot be forced or
driven and an American grip upon Asia or upon Spain would not raise them
up but would relax our muscles and weaken our digestive functions and
our nervous system.
Undoubtedly Spain must be thrashed; she is thrashed already. She
must also indemnify us for the war and give us security for payment.
But unless we are prepared for the failure of our republic we must not be
seduced or driven into the imperial colonization which is the peculiar func
tion of Great Britain, or into a policy of conquest, which would destroy
our constitutior xl system an<" emasculate ourselves.
Still the same class of influences which have secured the annexation
of Hawaii t 11 concentrate upon the project of imperial development under
republican forms, and I should not be surprised if, within a very short pe
riod, the question became a predominant issue in politics. Events crowd
rapidly upon us. and there Is a queer mixture in i arties as they exist.
There are Free Trade Republicans and Protection Democrats. There are
Sound Money Democrats and Free Silver Republican* The clear and dis
tinct issues that have divided parties in the past and which were based
upon conflicting principles not assailing the Constitution are either settled
or confused, and, in these days, the main controversy is over the division
of the spoils. A division upon the Constitution on the one side and Im
perial Americanism, if such a phase can be tolerated, on the other, would
be a renovating fact.
In our civil war the Constitution was rudely shaken, but the object of
the war was the Union, under and not without the Constitution, and, when
secession was defeated and peace declared, though not without much oscil
lation, the ship of state swung back to her constitutional moorings. There
she has securely ridden for many years, and, when the present storm is
over, I hope and I believe that she will be found anchored in the same place
PUBLICOLA.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THEATERS-H. E. 1., City. The Or
pheum has a larger seating capacity than
the Grand Opera House.
CITY HALL, DOME— W. W. 8., City.
The height of the dome of the San Fran
cisco City Hall is 302.2 feet.
* REE HARBOR— A. L., City. A free
or open harbor is one that Is open to ves
sels from all parts of the world.
MESSAGES TO SPATN-W. W. 8.. City.
The Call for several days past has given
accounts of the manner the authorities at
Santiago de Cuba transmit messages to
Spain.
CAPTAIN OF COMPANY A— C. W. P.,
City. Captain Eastman was in command
of Company A, Fourteenth United States
Regulars, which went on the City of Syd
ney for Manila.
SIGNAL CORPS— E. ML, Mare Island.
Cal. There are a number 01 works on
signaling, which may ho procured from
any first-class book dealer. The Meyers
Code Is used in the United States Arm/.
THE CUBAN FLEET— E. >VT,. Corn
wall, Contra Costa County, Cal. Com
modore Sampson, acting rear admiral, is
in command of the American fleet in r>,,
ban waters Commodore Howlll cn^'
mands the first ' squadron rv,™ J ? m "
Schley the second; Commodore T£
the eastern squadron Zip Watson
Remey the naval base at Key °ye™v c ™t 0 ™
KYOTA-A correspondent from Sin fa
Rosa wishes to know the meanimr nf ?u
word Eyota, the name of ?Swn ln M !
nesota. Can any of the reader" of fbil
department furnish the information? *
THE + UDRONB ISLANDS-S ' City
When the commander of the ChaVw/'
took possession of the Ladrone iJkS
about 300 regulars were left on V*
cipal island to hold possession but n^Jn"
formation has been receivAH ♦ ""
headquarters in Tm S city as to wE?
troops were left there. what
C EXPEDITIONS FOR MANILA-T E
C. 1, C ty ■ The first expedition for Manila
sailed from i San_Prancisco May 25 Th^
third left June 27, the ships b e ln??ne In*
Para The Valencia' left on the 28th and
the Newport on the 29th nT i ,
COLLECTED 3N
THE CORRIDORS
Louis Dean, a lumber man of Reno, Is
at the Russ.
Ira G. Hoitt of Burlingame is stopping
at the Palace.
S. Frankenau, a merchant of Sanger,
is at the Grand.
T. J. McCarthy of Los Angeles is stop
ping at the Palace.
Senator D. A. Austin of Yuba is regis
tered at the Grand.
L. W. Wise Jr. of Washington, D. C,
Is staying at the Palace.
James Hay and Miss Hay of Johannea
berg are stopping at the Palace.
John A. Mclntyre, a mining man of
Sacramento, is registered at the Grand.
O William Alex.
O Ryan of Los An
q geles, a commis
_ sioner of the
Building and
° Loan Association.
O O O o w v <-»
MR. RVAN
PAID FOR
THE DRINK.
O O is in this city at
000000000 the present time.
He never comes here without giving birth
to something which is worthy of chroni
cling. As a man of daring enterprise and
of thorough gameness he has few su
periors. On Sunday night Mr. Ryan and
Tom McCarthy, the insurance adjuster>
were sitting in the Palace grill smoking
their post-prandial cigars and waiting for
an after-dinner drink, when Dr. Drucker
sauntered in. Introductions followed and
the School Director took a seat at the
table. He asked the gentlemen to nomi
nate their poison and put a dollar on the
table to settle once and for all any pos
sible quibbling concerning the privilege of
paying for the first round of drinks. Mr.
Ryan then repeated the actions of the
doctor, and he also placed a dollar upen
the table, saying, "Doctor, this is on me."
"Oh, no," replied the School Director,
and out came a twenty from his pocKet
with which he covered his silver dollar.
Without any hesitation or manifest sur
prise Mr. Ryan accepted the cue and did
likewise. It was now Drucker's turn to
respond to the ante and he did not fall.
Another twenty was added to the pile,
and almost simultaneously the stack be
longing to Mr. Ryan received an addi
tional story. Up the buildings rose until
each man had exposed on the table a gold
and silver stack of $141. If had been a
silent game of "I see you" up to this
point, but now Dr. Drucker began to
scratch his head. This was productive of
a wavering apology which evoluted, "I
have a $10 and a $5 piece left and that is
all, but 1 don't suppose you have any ob
jection, Mr. Ryan, to my drawing a
check."
With calm deliberation and a most
suave manner the gentleman from the
south said, "If you do, doctor, I will
cash it."
Mr. Ryan paid for the drink.
Henry E. Kemp of Phoenix, Arizona, Is
at the Occidental.
Senator J. Seawell of Ukiah is regis
tered at the Grand.
Seymour Waterhouse is down from the
mines of Placer County.
Walter B. Gould, a merchant from
Bangor, Me., is at the Rusa.
Ex-Senator Marion Biggs Jr. of Oro
ville is stopping at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. James Philip Smith of
Santa Cruz are staying at the Palace.
Julius T. Wile and Henry M. Lips of the
United States navy are at the Occidental.
F. W. Covey, superintendent of the Palo
Alto Stock Farm, is stopping at tha
Grand.
Joe Kerr is a
>
> TWO DOSES
> OF SUPREME
J HAPPINESS.
O happy man. To
o him has fallen
the lot of being
made ecstatically
° happy twice in
O the same day,
OOOOOOO^O and It is an ex
perience which— strange to say— he does
not wish to have repeated. Yesterday
Dr. Kenyon told Joe that he was a father
to sach a boy as the world never saw
bctcre. Joe was so delighted that he
started down the street at once to an
nounce the event In person. Ten min
utes after he reached the city's main
thoroughfare every man, woman and
child knew that an heir had been born,
to the house of Kerr. All Joe said as he
walked down the "line" was '"it's a boy."
No further explanation was given. In
one of the gilded palaces where Joe was
portraying the future for his 2-hour son
the telephone startled him from prophetic
indulgences, and it was discovered that
Joe was the party wanted by the person
at the other end of the line. It was the
doctor attending his wife who wished to
speak to him. Joe was advised to come
home at once as something very import
ant had happened. Joe lost no time. He
was out of that place in a second and
had boarded the first car home in less
time than the telling takes. He did not
even wait for the car to reach his house,
buc left it two blocks before it arrived
there and ran the rest of the distance
like a wild man. The doctor received
him ct the door, and after quieting Joe
somewhat he told him he had a very
interesting thing to show him. Joe was
taken into a dark room and was advised
to look on the bed. He did so and some
thing like the following came from his
lips: "Hello, what in the world is this.
This Is my boy, but who in the deuce ia
that stranger. Take it away. I don't
want him next to mine. Get it out ot
here." Then he ceased his diatribe for
a moment and appealed to the doctor:
"Doctor, tell me, if you love me, are there
two kids there. I don't see double, do
I? Now don't keep me in suspense!"
The doctor said there was only one, but
Joe was convinced of the correctness of
his perceptions and he persisted that
there was another, a stranger. In the new
crib. "Whose is it? When did it come
and who put it there?" Joe continued.
The doctor was forced to answer: "Job,
my boy, it 1b yours also. It was born
two hours after the other. There are
now in San Francisco a Dewey and Samp
son Kerr."
Joe is thoroughly happy, but let no
man wish him many happy returns of the
day.
J. Albert Hall of London and the Vl
comte I. de Gouville are guests at the
Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. L. R. Curtis and family
have arrived from Boston and are stop
ping at the Occidental.
J. A. Hopper, wife and family, are stop
ping at the Occidental. They arrived from
Honolulu a few days ago.
Dr. William Pepper of Philadelphia, who
visited this coast last year as the guest
of Mrs. Phebe Hearst, is sick at the Pal
ace. He is attended by Dr. A. E. Taylor,
also of Philadelphia.
Mrs. T. F. Northey, Mrs. J. H. Northon
and family and Mrs. Webster Wellbanka
have rented Cottonwood Lodge, Olive HiU
Farm, Napa, where they will remain un
til the middle of August.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Insurance Agent— We can't insure you
Old Man-Why not? y
Insurance Agent— You are 94 years old
Old Man— What of that? Statistics will
tell you that fewer men die at 94 than
any other age.— Baltimore Jewish Com
ment.
In the Cuban swamps a bottle of Dr. Siegert'g
Angostura Bitters will do wonders to keen
your digestive organs in order.
ACKER'S DYSPEPSIA TABLETS »Rr
■old on a positive guarantee. Cures heartburn
raising of the food, distress after eating or
fn>' form of dyspepsia. One little tablet gives
Immediate relief. At No Percentaga Fhai-FREE RIDES
FOR OFFICIALS
Clinton Introduces an
Order to That Effect.
BERRY PLACE TO BE CLOSED
LACKMANN WANTS SLOT MA
CHINES TO BE LICENSED.
joint Committee Recommends tiie
Awarding of a Contract for
Hay at Nineteen and a
Half Per Ton.
The session of the Board of Supervis
ors yesterday afternoon was long drawn
out, but comparatively uneventful. The
fact that last Monday was a holiday laid
over many resolutions passed to print at
the preceding meeting, they m>t luivlag
been advertised a sufficient number s*
times to be taken up at yesterday's mn<
Ing.
Clinton introduced a resolution to reduce
the rates of fare on the street railroads.
There is the usual explanatory preamble,
and it reads as follows:
Whereas, In consideration of the many privi
leges granted to and enjoyed by them, and the
use of the public streets, the right and privi
lege ought to be granted in and on the street
railroads, operated in whole or in part in this
city and county, to certain ofrieers and em
, ployes of the city and couuty and to mall car
riers in the employment of the United States,
as -well us to mechanics and laborers during
certain hours of the day Jn going to and re
turning from their respective places of busi
ness: also to pupils of the public schools in
going to and returning from their respective
schools as herein provided; therefore, the peo
ple of the city and 'county of San Francisco do
ordain as follows:
The order goes on to provide that be
tween the hours of 6 and 7 a. m. and 5 and
6p. m. only 2\ 2 cents shall be charged for
a single fare. At other hours the fare will
remain at 5 cents. Police officers, mem
bers of the fire department, deputies of
the Superintendent of Public Streets,
members of tha Health Department, and
mail carriers shall at all times while en
gaged in the discharge of their respective
duties be permitted to ride free of charge
on all street railroads in this city.
1 upils of the public schools going to or
returning from schools within one-half
hour prior to the opening or subsequent to
l e , closing of the respective schools
shall be entitled to ride at the rate of 2^
cent for a single fare, provided that each
pupil shall have a card from the principal
oi the school certifying that the party is a
pupil of said school and reciting the resi
ilt-nce of the pupil and the location
c the school and the hours at which
paid school is opened and closed. Such
card with 2» 2 cents will entitle the holder
to a continuous ride from the residence
of the pupil to the school or the connec
tions nearest the school. The cards are to
be issued by the principal every three
months.
. A violation of the order is made puni
shable by a line of $100 or by imprison
ment in the County Jail for fifty days, or
both. The order, If adopted, is to go into
effect on Beptember 1 of this year.
The order was referred to the City and
County Attorney without debate
The order granting a franchise to the
Southern Pacific Company to make con
nections with existing lines was laid over
lor two weeks and rereferred.
The clerk was ordered to advertise for
proposals for lighting the streets in ac
cordance with the specifications of the
committee, all proposals to be in by Au
gust 1.
A resolution was ordered passed to print
adopting the recommendation of the su
perintendent of the police and fire alarm
telegraph system to lay the wires under
ground in the business districts, and
recommending- an appropriation for three
years;
A recommendation was adopted calling
for the use of salt water for sprinkling
the streets and flushing the sewers.
The proposition to utilize part of La
fayette Bquare for a site for the Lowell
High School was rereferred to the Board
of Education, with the request to con
sult the attorney of the board as to the "
legality of the proceeding.
The resolution to grade and sewer the
streets on Bernal Heights was laid over
for one week. Smith protesting that the
lots were but 25x70, assessed for only $>>
each and owned by poor people who
could not afford to pay $200 each to have
the work done. It would amount to con
fiscation, he added.
A motion was defeated to reconsider the
vote at the former meeting whereby the
Devany slot-machine order failed of
adoption. Clinton remarked that Devany
was one of the first to vote against the
poolroom order, and he was therefore ln
consistent in the matter of gambling.
Devany. replied by saying that the clos
ing of the Ingleside track had not done
any good for the cause of morality, be
cause people went over to the Oakland
track and bought pools there.
An ordinance by Sheehan was passed
to print prohibiting the renting or use of
any house on Berry place for immoral
purposes. Sheehan said that he had not
Included in the ordinance Dupont street
from Bush to California, or Bacon place!
off Pine street, between Kearny an<l Du
pont, because he bad been Informed that
the police had suppressed all disorderly :
houses on Dupont street and because
Bacon place had been closed in by gates
and was no longer an eyesore to passers
by.
The joint committee on Health and Po- '
lice, Hospital and Fire Department, re
ported that Scott & Magner were the i
lowest bidders for supplying the public '
Institutions with forage, consisting of
hay, straw, middlings, ground barley and
carrots; D. Keefe for white feed oats and
Peters & Cowle for hny. alfalfa and bran.
The contract price for hay was $19 50 per
ton. Dodge recommended that the con
tracts be let in accordance with the
recommendation of the joint committee. ;
The prices wore reasonable, considering
the fluctuations of the market. He had
been told by a contractor that he (the
contractor) had lost several thousand dol
lars on a contract because the price of
nrticles which he had to furnish had gone
up. Dodge added that he expected to see I
hay go up $10 or $12 a ton this year.
Smith wanted the hay bought in the
open market. He could buy all the hay
lie liked In the market at the present time
for $17 or $18 per ton.
The report was laid over for a week.
In tho matter of the rescinding of the
action of tho board in granting free per
mits to certain athletic clubs to give non
professional exhibitions of boxing, De-
Jany reserved his right to movo at the
next meeting for a reconsideration.
I.ackmann introduced a nlckol-in-tho
plot machine order, imposing license as
follows: Machines giving cigars, cigar
ettes, drinks or liquor, $3 per quarter for
each machine; phonographic, fortune
tPlllng, punching, lifting, music and elec
tric plot' machines, S2 per quarter; candy,
chocolate, postage stamps and other raer
chandise. $2.
On motion of Clinton representatives of
banking and other corporations were In
vlted to appear before the Board of
Equalization next Friday afternoon at 2
o'clock for the purpose of being examined
respecting the value of their property.
The board adjourned until Friday, July
. 15, at 2 p. m.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of thp Week's Work cf the
Board.
The following Is a complete record of
the Btreet Improvement* passed by the
Board of Supervisors at yesterday's ses
sion: -.'*":
AWARDS OF CONTRACTS.
Stelner, Chestnut to Francisco— and
paving, to V -v i»n & Mnllcy.
Pierce, • Chestnut to Francisco— Same.
Westerly half nf San Jose avenue, opposite
termination of Valley— Paving, to Flinn &
Treacy.
Lombard, Pierce to Scott— Curbing and pay-
Inir. to City Btreel Improvement Company.
Westerly line of Fair Oaks, southerly 260 feet
from Twenty-fifth— Curbs and sidewalks, to
Fllnn & Treacy. 7 ,/. _, ;
Alvarado and Guerrero— Sidewalks, to Flinn
& Treacy.
. Fourteantli and Guerrero— Same.
De Hnro, Tw-nty-thIM to ■ point In center
line of former distant 416 feet northerly from
Twenty-third — sewer, to Manuel .1. Plres.
Clinton Pn.rk, easterly line of Dolores to a
point 205 feet easterly from Dolores— To Flinn &
Treary. ' * • ■ •
Fourteenth and Landers— Culverts, etc., side-
WBlks and paving of southerly half of Four
teenth, to City Street Improvement Company. "
TO BE HAPPILY WEDDED.
NuDtials of Henru Loverich and Miss Sadie Blum
to Be Celebrated This Evening,
One of the most interesting weddings of the season will be solemnized O
to-night, the contracting parties being Henry Loverieh and Miss Sadie Q
Blum, both well known in this city. Miss Blum was born here and received Q
her education In the local schools. " O
The groom Is a commercial traveler, and Is known to the members ofQ
the craft throughout the coast, although his field of labor has been chiefly O
in and about this city. His brother, Gilbert Loverieh, is one of the popular Q
pair of comedians, Gilbert and Goldie, well known to the lovers of vau- O
deville on this coast. Another theatrical celebrity, David Belasco, is a ©
brother-in-law of the groom, having married his sister, Miss Loverieh. O
The ceremony will be performed in accordance with the rites of the Q
Jewish church. The Rev. M. S. Levy of Congregation Beth-Israel will offi- O
elate. The wedding will be a private one, only relatives of the couple be- ©
Ing present. The honeymoon will be spent in Santa Cruz, and at the end Q
of three weeks the happy couple will take up their residence at 222 Grove ©
street. ©
Clayton, Haight to Page— Curbing, paving, |
pipe fewer, etc.
RESOLUTION ORDERING STREET WORK.
Ashbury and Eighteenth— Grading, curbing,
paving, sidewalks, i>ipe sewer, etc.
Bay street and Montgomery avenue— Curbing.
Sidewalks, paving, culverts, etc.
clipper, Sanchez to Noo- Sidewalks.
Northerly line of Fulton, 100 feet westerly
fn>m Polk, thence westerly along northerly line
of Fulton to a distance of fifty feet— Sidewalks, i
Northerly line of Greenwich, Taylor to Jansen ,
—Same.
Mission and Twenty-second— Same.
Twenty-fifth, Dolores to Fair Oaks— Plank
sidewalks.
I'nlon and Franklin— Paving.
Union, Franklin to Gough— Curbing and pay- >
Ing.
Jessie, Hermann to Thirteenth— Pipe sewer, j
RECOMMENDED PA SPED TO RESOLUTION
ORDERING.
Bryant and Sixteenth— Paving.
Bryant and Seventeenth— Same.
Westerly line of York, I*s feet southerly from
Twrnty-second: thence southerly along west- ,
erly line of York for a distance of ISO feet-
Curbing.
York street to center line of same-Paving.
Bryant. First to Stanyan Place — Bitumen.
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION.
P.roderick, Geary to Post— Curbing and pay- I
Garden avenue, Devisadero to Broderlck— :
Same.
RECOMMENDED BY SUPERINTENDENT
OF STREETS.
Jonr-p, Chestnut to Francisco — Curbing, pay- j
int; an<l pipe sewer.
Jones and Francisco— Pipe sewer, sidewalks,
curbs and paving.
Jones, Francisco to Montgomery avenue—
Curbs, paving an.l sewering.
Mississippi, Nineteenth to Twentieth— Curb- :
int; an 4 paving. !
Third avenue. Point Lobos avenue to Cali
forr.ia—Sidewalks.
Ninth avenue gnuth, M to N— Grading.
limderlck, Washington to Jackson—Side
dement and Ninth avenue— Curbing and
sldewaiks. .
Garden avenue, Devißadero to Brodenck— ,
Bwer. , '
Tilden Castro to a point In center line of
Tllden, 280 feet westerly from Castro— Pipe
Twenty-sixth, BryaJit to York— Grading, pipe
sewer, sidewalks and paving.
Shotwell, Twenty-sixth to Army— Grading,
pipe sewer, paving, curbs, etc.
Bhotwell, Army to Preclta avenue— Curbs,
sidewalks and paving.
Twenty-sixth, Potrero to San Bruno avenue*
Twenty-plxth, Hampshire to Potrero avenue
— Grading.
Capp, Army to Twenty-sixth— Same.
(ai p Army to Precita avenue— Same.
Howard Twenty-sixth to Army—Same.
Treat avenue. Twenty-sixth to Army— Same.
Tr>at avenue, Army to Preclta avenue-
Grading.
Twenty-Sixth, York to Hampshire— Same.
AFhbufy Hayes to Fell— Curbing and paving.
Trmt "avenue. Twenty-third to Twenty
! fourth— Curbing and paving.
RESOLUTION OF FULL ACCEPTANCE.
! Waller, Pierce and Scott— Bitumen.
RECOMMENDED FOR FULL ACCEPT
ANCE.
Pierce, Oak to Page— Bitumen.
ORDER CHANGING AND ESTABLISHING
GRADES.
K>nt. northerly line at westerly termination.
Kent, southerly line at westerly termination,
IST'-s feet westerly frcm Mason.
! Kent. Mason to a distance 137% feet westerly
to termination.
PRIVATE CONTRACTS.
Golden Gate avenue and Lyon—Property-own
ers may pave.
| Pl.-rce Primrose to Daisy— Same.
Waller to southerly termination of same—
i Same.
1 : North avenue, Portland to Holly Park ave
j nu'.s — Property-owners may construct sewer.
I A, Sixth to Seventh avenues*— Same.
PERMISSION GRANTED TO RETAIN
CURBS.
Page, Baker to Brodertck— When paving of
street Is accepted preeent curbing will be al
luwed to remain.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME GRANTED.
r .Ik, Greenwich to Lombard— Warren &
Malley, ninety days on grading.
Railroad avenue, northeasterly line of Eight
eenth, south to southwesterly line of Twenty
fourth— John Kelso, ninety days on grad
ing.
Churrh and Thirteenth— J. J. Dowllng,
sixty days on grading.
Qrove and Masonic avenue — property-own
ers, ninety days on grading and paving.
Orove, t'layton to Cole Same.
Grove and Clayton Same.
Masonic avenue, Fulton to Grove— Same.
Clayton, Full' n to Grove— Same.
Ashbury. Fulton to Grove— Same.
Grove. Masonic avenue to Ashbury—
Masonic avenue, ' Grove to Hayes— Same.
Ashbury, Grove to Hayes— Same.
Clayton, Grove to Hayes— Same.
Ashbury and — Same.
Grove, Aahbury to Clayton— Same.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME RECOMMENDED.
Sixth- avenue, X to L— To M. C. Hogan,
ninety days on grading and paving.
Ili-rnarJ. Taylor to Jones— To Fllnn & TTeacy,
sixty days on sidewalks.
• Eighth avenue and Fulton Btreet— To Me-
Hugh & Sherrin, ninety days on regradlng.
Caßtro, Army to Twenty-sixth— Buckman
Contracting Company, ninety days on grading.
Easterly line of Jones, CO feet northerly from
Pacific, thence northerly along easterly line
of Jones for a distance of 60 feet — To Fllnn &
Treacy. '.-..' ..-.. '
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Southweßt corner of Stelner and O'Farrell—
Louis Clithorp . for permission to cover side
walk with tent.
Buchanan and Fulton— Same.
Harrison, Army to Serpentine avenue—Buck
man Contracting Company for extension of
thirty days on grading and sewering. -
Harrison, Army to Preclta avenue — Same.
Alamo square— Louis E. ' Fevrifr, for thirty
days on- his contract to construct stone steps.
Serpentine place, Temple street to Lower ter
race—Fred Leffler, for extension of ninety days
on his contract for sewering. ■
Twenty-first. Alabama and Potrero avenues—
City Street Improvement Company, on behalf
of property-owners for ? permission to retain
curbs. ' - ■ • - " ■ ; -v~ ■ '■%. '■ ■■ :
Post ' H- de to .. Leavenworth—Property-own
ers, for reoavlng with bituminous rock.
Harwood alley. Filbert, Dupont to Kearny—
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 12, 1898.
Property-owners, for erection of street lamp.
Florida, Twenty-sixth to Army — Qutmby &
Harrelson, for an extension of thirty days on
grading, paving and sidewalks.
North avenue, Cortland to Holly Park av
enues—Same, for construction of sewer.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Stelner and Greenwich — Property-owners,
against paving.
Greenwich and Pierce — Same.
Greenwich, Steiner to Pierce— Same.
Jessie, Hermann to Thirteenth — Property
owners, against raving.
Greenwich, Fillmore to Stelner— Same.
Greenwich, lUu-hanan to Webster — Same.
Buchanan and Greenwich— Same.
Webster and Greenwich — Same.
Spruce, California to Sacramento — Property
owners, against sidewalks.
Filbert, Laguna to Buchanan — Same against
paving.
Filbert. Webster to Fillmore— Same.
Greenwich and Webster— Property-owners
against paving.
Greenwich, Webster to Fillmore— Same.
REPORT OF STREET COMMITTEE ON MAT
TERS SUBMITTED AT PREVIOUS
SESSION.
Alabama, Preolta avenue, Army street. Hol
llday and Esmeralda avenues — In favor of hav
ing this district Kurveyed by City Engineer,
nnd a report forwarded as to the proper
grades to be established.
Hernal Heights Tract, Cortland, Holllday
and Esmeralda avenues— Same.
Report of Thomas Price & Son upon the ef
fects of fresh and salt water on bituminous
pavements— ln favor of the new system of
street Fprinkling with snlt water.
1 'i '-r.ing of Van Ness avenue, from Bay street
to the water— ln favor of openlnc same.
Boswerth, Rotteok westerly— ln favor of fil
ing proposition to establish grades.
X'>rth avenue, Cortland t" Holly Park ave
nues—ln favoring of sewering.
A. Sixth to Seventh avenues— Same.
Stark street to Broadway— ln favor of sew
ering.
C'.rtland, Andover and Crescent avenues, and
Folsom street— ln favor of establishing sewer
system at a cost of $497.
Twenty-first, alonp and upon Michigan,
Twentieth. Illinois. Seventeenth, Tennessee and
Sixth— ln favor of grading.
Page, Baker to Broderick — In favor of re
taining concrete curbs.
Pierce, Primrose and Palsy. Waller to
southerly termination of foregoing, Waller to
Thirteenth— ln favor of paving by private con
tract.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
4/+ +4+ + + +++*+++++♦+++++ + ** V* * ♦♦ V* * ♦♦
I War Tax on Tea. j
♦ x
■J Each pound of tea imported into X
X the United States since June 13th +
♦ pays Uncle Sam 10 cents. We pay it J
X until July 15th. After July 15th you \ 4.
•f pay it. - • -♦•
♦ >
t- npiipi Good Health to the I
X IJiliiM Boys in Blue X
"♦" WITH J
: America's Best Tea. J
X «i
4. Quality Prices "t
4. Best Obtainable. Lowest in America* > +j
\ Great American Importing Tea Co. j
4- 1 SPEAKING FOR THEIR - 4
X 108 Money Saving Stores. X
4. CITY STORES. 4
"4. 1011 Market St. 2008 Fillmore St. 146 Ninth St. ! .-- -f
4- M 0 Sixth St. . 3006 Sixteenth St. 506 Kearny St. ♦
* 1419 Polk St. 2510 Mission St. 3285 Mission st. t
X 355 Hayes St. 1819 Devisadero St. 521 Montgomery Ay. +
4- 218 Third St. 52 Market St. 705 Larkin St. J
4- 1190 Kentnoky St. X
4. OAKLAND STORES. "*"
4- 1052 Washington St., Oakland 1510 Seventh St., W. Oaklani . *
-t 917 Broadway, Oakland. 616 E. Twelfth ' St., Oaklani "4
X 131 San Pablo Aye., Oakland 1355 Park St Alatneda, -♦■
4- . \ ■' ■' ■- '■ ' X
X A Good Time :
: to Buy Tea :
4- - ■ ■ : . .-- :■ . . ' ' • - •••.■*!
Kent, Mason westerly— ln favor of grading.
Golden Gate avenue and Lyon— ln favor of
paving.
Army, Noe to Castro — Against grading, etc.
Other petitions reported on adversely or
filed. __________ _____
A REDUCTION IN
WEST BOUND RATES
PACIFIC MAIL FORCES THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Freight Tariffs on Certain Commodi
ties Lessened by Both These
Companies for the Benefit
of the State.
The Pacific Mall Steamship Company
has forced the Southern Pacific to reduce
freight rates for certain staple commodi
ties. The new rates of the steamship line
for freight traffic from San Francisco to
New York have just become effective, and
show some important reductions. The fol
lowing reductions have been made by the
Pacific Mail steamship line, the first fig
ures being the rates fixed at the end of
February', the second the new rates:
Barley (in bags), 60c, 40c; beans (double
sacked), 60c,. 40c; bone black, 60c, 40c;
borax, 60c, 40c; brandy in cases (strapped),
80c, 75c; brandy in wood, 70c, 60c; fruit,
dried (In strapped boxes), 53c, 45c; fruit,
canned (in strapped boxes), 60c, 40c; ore
(chrome or manganese), 40c; peas
(double sacked), fcOe, 40c; quicksilver, 60c,
50c; rice, 60c, 40c; seed, mustard, 55c, 40c;
tallow, 60c, 40c; wine, in cases (strapped),
SOc, 75c; glue, 60c, 40c.
For wine in wood in lots less than 500
barrels the freight charge will be Csc;
more than 500 and less than 1000, 62% c; over
1000, 60c. All these rates are for hundred
weights.
An advance has been made In tariffs
from New York, Boston, Baltimore and
points common with each other to San
Francisco. The new class rates are: First,
$1 80; second, $1 50; third, $1 30; fourth,
$1 15, fifth, Jl 05; A, $1 05; B, 85c; C, 80c; D,
SOc; B, 70c. The new transcontinental rail
rates for the same classes are, in order:
?3. $2 60, $2 20, $1 90, $1 65, $1 60, $1 25. $1, 95c.
These class tariffs are also westbound.
To meet these new eastbound rates, the
Southern Pacific has made the following
reductions for carloads of 15 tons: Borax,
50c; canned salmon, 50c; rags, 60c; wool,
40c; rubber junks, 60c; quicksilver, 75c;
wine in wood, 45c; glue, 50c. The South
ern Pacific tariffs will go Into effect June
16, and will apply to all points as In the
former schedule.
MISSION ROAD NEGLECTED.
School Accommodation and Other Im
provements Are Needed There.
What !s known as the Mission Road
and Five Mile House, but now Mission
street proper, Is on the list asking for
| Improvements out of the next tax levy.
The first and most Important addition
I needed by the people residing on the line
I of Mission street west of Islais Creek is
i a twelve-class schoolhouse fully equipped
jto make It a grammar school. The only
i school accommodation is afforded by the
Monroe Primary, with poor facilities for
seven classes.
The building was moved from Army
street, near Folsom. twelve years ago,
and Is rotten and unfit for use. It has
I none of the modern improvements, and
Is unsanitary in the highest degree, yet,
i notwithstanding the thousands of do.lars
■ spent by Director Burns, this building
I has been shamefully neglected. In addi-
I tion to its unhealthy condition, it is too
i small to accommodate one-half of the
' children of school age in this section of
! th city, and as a result two cowsheds
have been rented by the board as addi-
I tional class rooms. These are under the
| control of one principal, who must wade
her way through mud and slush in the
winter season to and from tho school.
i The people there will request the erection
j of a grammar school. This they consider
I they are entitled to, as the population ig
i sufficiently numerous to justify it. The
! nearest grammar school is the Horace
Mann, on Valencia and Twenty-third
streets. Following the school ' building,
the citizens in this district have come to
the conclusion that they are entitled to
street lights and water.
CAFE SPRECKELS. 15th floor. Call building,
has changed hands; now under management of
Mr. Albert Wolff, formerly proprietor of Malson
de I' Opera, Oakland. Regular lunch, with
wine, 75c; dinner, with wine, $1.
Selling Immature Veal.
F. P. Blie, butcher, 1236 Stockton stree,
was arrested yesterday afternoon by Po
liceman Butterworth and Health Inspect
or Brennan for ouerlng for sale immature
veal. The veal was seized by the officers.
The Hardtmuth lead pencil is the best in
the world. Try the Koh-I-Noor. •
A Chinese Perjurer.
Lee Ho, a laundryman, came from
Berkeley yesterday to testify for the de
fense in the case of Leong Sing, charged
with stealing a gold watch from Mrs. H.
E. Pike, 904 Powell street. He swore that
the defendant had worked steadily for the
past six months in a laundry in Berkeley
and had not been across the bay during
that time. Mrs. Pike was sure that the
right man was charged, and Detectives
Gibson and Wren testified that the de
fendant had to their knowledge been sell
ing lottery tickets in the city for the past
three months. The Judge at once or
dered Lee Ho into custody on a charge of
perjury.
WELBUBN'S BONDSMEN SUED.
Action Brought to Recover Money
Alleged to Have Been
Stolen.
A suit was filed yesterday in the United
States Circuit Court against Stanley Wil
ley and Edward Henry Farmer, bondsmen
of Osca M. Welburn, former Internal Rev
enue Collector, who is now a fugitive from
Justice
The parties named In the complaint were
on Welburn's bond as disbursing agent,
and it is alleged that he received the sum
of $1".,463 89 as salaries for persons who
never received them and office expenses
which were never incurred, and that he
sent in vouchers for the same and con
verted the money to his own use. The
action was brought by Assistant United
States Attorney Bert Schlesinger, under
the direction of the Solicitor of the Treas
ury. There is already a suit for $35,000
pending in the courts against the bonds
men of Welburn.
What Must Be Stamped.
Another batch of treasury decisions
was received at the local Internal Reve
nue Office yesterday, the most important
among which were that stamp tax must
be paid on checks drawn by the officer of
a company for the payment of workmen
ar.d that brokers must pay a special tax
in each city where they do business.
Poisons are not taxable and baking pow
ders and shoe dressing are also exempt.
Soaps without wrappers or directions are
not taxable, but if a medicinal or cos
metic value is claimed for them they are
subject to taxation. Proprietary food
preparations are free from taxation.
Collector Lynch is now ready to receive
brokers' tax and issue stamps for the
same. The total receipts yesterday was
$33,460, of which about $28,000 was for
stamps and the balance bonds.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J&K £MJn u>^ BB f IS3 ff^t
IffJyscß I ffmjl 1 *p— *—
S3GK HEADAGHE
Positively cured by these
liittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
; feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
! ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
| Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
| Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Doso.
Small Price.
4- 4- 4- 4- 4- .4- 4- 4- 4- 4-. 4- 4- 4- .4-
\ - » p m
I KATCHINSKI t
4- I S A DIFFICULT NAME TO PRO- 4.
I nounce. but our patrons and the gen-
4" eral public know that It stands for hon- -f-
± e?t values and low prices; and hard as _.
■i the name is to pronounce, it is still-
4- more difficult for our competitors to -f
. meet our prices. The pelllnp of the best
4" shoes far the least money is what wins. ♦
4. and lhat is our strong hold. Tins week -f-
Ladles' Extra Quality Vici Kid Oxford .
4- Ties with Dotted Vesting Tops, New
a Coin Tops and Tips and hand-turned +
■*" soles, offered for $1.45. .
a i »?%'*' ri '- ; |P^ "4
:
. -■ "*■■ -
•♦■ Misses' and Children's Dressy Shoes, T
4. Vicl Kid Lace Shoes with fancy silk- -f
~ embroidered vesting tops and new coin .
4- toes and either kid or patent-leather ▼
. tips and spring heels: +
"▼■ Child's sizes, 8 to 10Vi f 1 .in
4f. Misses' sizes, 11 to 2 $1.35 4"
Reduced from fl 60 and $1 75. 1
i Country orders solicited. ■+
~ Send for Illustrated Catalogue.
4" B. KATCHINSKI, >
-f PHILADELPHIA SHOE COMPANY, 4-
j ■4. 10 Third St., San Francisco. 4-
4- 4; 4- 4- ♦ 4-4 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 44-4-4- 4- 4
! P^H^DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
j^P^iSi Five hundred reward for any cas»
ami K%3 we cannot cure. This secret remedy
| . ' ff; stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
traß Emissions, Impotency, VarlcoceJe,
' 7?P f^fti Gonorrhoea.- Gleet, Fits, Strictures.
fAiiJi lliiil Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
i JS?^ mF& fects of self -abuse or excesses. Sent
| fz-i&wrJßQfii sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also
for eale at 1073 Vi Market St.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonio
for the eexual and urinary orsans of both
i cezes and a great remedy for diseases of tb»
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
I Invlgorator and Nervine. /• Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
! lIS Market Street 8. P.— (Send for Circular.)
WONG WOO,"
P^ CHINESE TEA AND HERB
JWONG WOO,
CHINESE TEA AND HERB
SANITARIUM,
- \e>^ 764-66 CLAY ST., Sao Franaigeo.Cil
to All diseases cured excluslv--
Wfin7ffli'® : W ' ly by Chinese herbs, over 3O')O
mm'W -i^Z, varieties . belos used. ADVICB
FREE. > Hours. i#:3o to 11 a, m.. I to 3 and 7 tv
p. m. x . . ■- "■" ■ -■
I — — — — — — — — — i^^— —^^»^j^~™^
AMUSEMENTS. •■
i ~~-~
(W VMDII I Com»r o! Mtson ani
UL, ITlf 1 I Eddy Str».tj.
MORE NEW EASTERN : STARS.
• ORDAVAY & RAND. Thrilling Bicyclists;
i QUARINA. the Male La Lole -Fuller; TOM
1 RYAN, "The Mad Musician" ; MURRAY &
REYNOLDS; ' BARNEY REYNOLDS; ,\ LA
! ROYCE < SISTERS ;s MAUD ROCKWELL. Ad-
i mission Free. .; Matinee . to-day. ; : . :; • ; j"; ;?:
■■'-■■ ■'•■-■.'■■',. - ■ ."...■• -■* ■ '
_ • • ADV3BTISEMENTS.
! CITY OF til PARIS!
♦ DRY GOODS COMPANY. +
I GENUINE REDUCTIONS
"♦" IN -f
| MILLINERY! ■■J
J Never Before Offered in San Francisco for +
♦ Higb Class Creations of the Best +
t European Artists. +
♦ -f
> ,- . — , — . -f
"♦• UNTRimmED HATS-Flrst Floor. >
it FORMER PRICE. , SALE PRICE *♦"
T[ RODOH BTRAW PHANTOM HATS, new shapes tnd shades ,2S; "♦"
i $1.50— AND ROUGH STRAW SAILORS ; also new shapes in FRENCH CHIP "*"
. • and SATIN BRAIDED STRAW 5O "*"
4. $1.75-JAUNTY FRENCH SIDE FLARING CHIPS-Rough Satin Straw and English [t
4- Turbans...:.. .7S;,^ ;
■f $2.50— FINE FRENCH CHIPS, with Mixed Fancy Braid Brims ; also Z_
4. BTYLIBH SATIN BTRAW BRAID POKE BONNETS $1.00
■f $5.00-THIS SEASON'S PERFECT STYLE KNOX BLOCK HATS ..^2. SO
I TRIMMED HATS-Second Floor. • +
+ All new designs and exquisite effects, genteel and beautiful as the i
i most refined could desire, comprising creations of CAROLINE REBOUX, . .
'T ESTHER MEYER and RIBOT of PARIS and OUR OWN. "*"
T FORMER PRICES- $10 $12 $15 $25 $30 $35 $45 $50 $55, $60 and $65
■f SALE PRICES— $5 $6 $7.50 12 $15 $17 $20 $25 $30 +
+ This method carries conviction that these goods are being disposed of 4-
I At HALF PRICE, t
i Quality and Price put together are sure to convince all. ,
+ MOURMNG HATS AND BONNETS AT PRICES CUT IN TWAIN.
♦ CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, +
+ Southeast Corner Geapy and Stockton Streets, S. F. v
+ UNION SQUARE. +
"♦" OEDERS BY MAIL OR EXPRESS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. +
f +
++ 4- + + + ♦ + ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦->»♦♦♦♦♦♦
AMUSEMENTS. AMUSEMENTS.
tivou opera-house. MnßfKfin'S RRANI1 OPERA
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor and Mana«ar. ifIUIIUOUU Q UIIM HOUSE
THIS V.TEK ONLT. Walter Morosco. Sole Lessee and Manager.
Yon Suppe's Martial Opera. ,. OUR CALIFORNIA 80Y ...
17 A TTWTT7 A ! james m. brophy
fl. JLjL JL 11m JL JL MtJL Jll\. -'■ • In a Grand Spectacular Production of
Superbly Cast! Correctly Costumed; Elegantly J^|^Dr <V «r^B >^r7rTTrr*^BC«Tß^"
-MARCH FORWARD FEARLESSLY." 9HkK 3 I iVH UNYK l! f*
Next-"THE BELLS OF CORNEVILLE." I lll» 1 1 Wjfl rlljß I 1 1 I JLI
■Pnmilar Pricpa 25c and 50c
lopuiar rnces .^ Te]ephone Directed by MB. FREDERICK PAULDING.
— — : ~ ~ Beautiful Gipsy Camp C2I r -« Lj 'TsTT Ui '
rnIIIMRI . THPITPR Great Shipwreck K=>^^ J2jJ.M -CJ.
COLUMBIA JTHEATER. Evening Prices 23c and 60c
WARRANTED-SERIorS MOODS LOST FOR Family Circle and Gallery 100
WARRANTED^SERIOUS HCUJRS . FOR , MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
By Witnessing the • "~ : " . -
FR/WA/I-E'V COAIPANY
"LOST — 24 HOURS." C^^\^MS\\«Mk
All This Week— Matinee Saturday. iKS^^anLjOjra^A Vk^X«^^,V
NEXT MONDAY-"LIBERTY HALL." V^W^^^^^
ANNUAL FRENCH CELEBRATION CAPTURED. Five Great New Eastern Artists.
ANNUAL rncnwu wcLCDnauvn joseph hart and carrie de mar.
"The Quiet Mr. Gay"; BERT COOT AND
f\T THE /""^ I— f ITPQ JULIE KINGSLEY, "Supper For Two";
— .V->M M 1 M-^Ki^y FLEURETTE, Charming Danseuse: MRS.
ALICE SHAW AND DAUGHTERS. Whistling
TUITDCnAV TTTT V iA, Prima Donnas: CHAS. WAYNE. Eccentric
lllUllDl/xil - - - JUiil l**j Comedien; ANNA CALDWELL, Comedienne;
JONES, GRANT AND JONES, Colored Trio;
For the Benefit of the FALKE AND LEMON, new act.
_ _. Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
RED CROSS SOCIETY <*.!» and Box seatsr^ Balcony ' 1Oc: Open>
AFTERNOONt * j n A 7 » n SEATS BY PHONE
MUSIC. ORATIONS and DAY FIREWORKS. ALUAZAK- Main 254.
OPEN-AIR mvrniT n \" T L AND GRAND, Every Nieht This Week. Matinee Saturday.
OPEN-AIR CONCERT, BALL AND t»KAJVD THE GREA TEST BVEK!
FIREWORKS! "^^^T
Electric Cars Will Run All Night. \-J<=9 ' \- .
. Admission. 25c; Children, 10c. ""'"S W^^"^'!^^ ""
PUFFED UP WITH PRIDE!
HENRI MAURICE CANNON, DASBES-QWCI ACTION DELAYS
THE FATTEST OF THE FAT, £.
AT THE CHUTES RACES I /#f>Y<# RACESI
Every Afternoon and Evening. . ' '
Vaudeville Bill Beyond Compare in the Free TROTTING korse^lSerS- ASSOCIA-
Attractions All Over the Grounds. . ntt . TK>N, i OA i KL no2' r 1 s
10c, including Zoo and Theater; Children, sc. June 25th tO July 23d Inclusive.
— : ~ — EVERY WEEK DAY.
>-..._^.^ _, . _. . ._. BOOKS AND AUCTION POOLS.
SUTRO BATHS. admission free.
;.'. JzJZJ- ) ~7-!Z .MM! (Ladles free to prand stand. 50c admits gen-
OF*EIN NIGHTS. tlemen to grand stand, betting ring and pad-
° r o^, r A~ ly .n rom 7*• m - Unt M\\ &£. dOCk " } Races Commence at 2 O'Clock.
ADMISSION lOc - - - - CHILDREN 5c Trains connecting with the 12, 1:30 and 1
Bathing, with admission. toe: chiidrea. 200. - o'clock boats stop at the track.
Carrie. You wouldn't think I would give Ripans Tabules to a child •
like Charlie, would you
Elsie". No, indeed. He could not swallow one, and it would be too^
powerful.
Ca&rik, . They are all right for him. Of course, he don't need one
very often, and I used to give him a quarter of a one,
afterwards half, but now he takes a whole one and they ■
seem to be just what he needs— once in a while, you
... . - know — not often. - ■
Ei.sns. ; And he swallows it without any fuss ?
Carkis. Yes. He don't mind it at all — but I cant swallow on«, ..,
though. I'm the only member of this family that don't
. toke;Ripans Tabules. . . ..
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET.
Silver advanced.
Wheat weak. Barley inactive.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay firm. Feedstuffs unchanged.
Nothing: new In Beans.
Potatoes unchanged. Onions lower.
Butter nrm. Eggs higher. Cheese un
changed.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry In.
Fresh fruit In light receipt and firm.
Dried fruit nomtnnl.
Provisions as before.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Meats stand the same.
FOREIGN DRY GOODS TRADE.
The movement In foreign Dry Goods at New
York for the first six months of the year com
pares us follows: , rtea .  ,
v Imported. Marketed.
fi 6 $60,146,146 $59,073,955
f£« 75.293.012 82,508,689
USB !!!!!!!!!"! 45.725.723 46.465.603
COINAGE OF THE MINTS.
The coinage of the United States Mints dur
ing the fiscal year Just closed was as fol-
Double eagles 'ISM 00
H ilf eagles'.'.'.' •■■■'■ 7.650.335 00
Quarter eagles iaiJS'too no
Sliver dollars 1 H« 1i«1 i« 2
Half dollars HiH™ m
Quarter dollars ; I";;; f'Sii'H m
Dimes
Five cents •::: 550..67 15
Cents 535,.1b
Total 1897-98 $52,609,933 11
Total! 1596-97 P6.955.401 24
GOVERNMENT FINANCES.
During the month of June the Government
receipt* were $33,509,313 and the expenditures
147.552.252.' against $36.554.70S and $22,934,695 for
the same month last year. For the fiscal year
the receipts compare as follows:
1 596-97. J897-98.
Customs $176,316,393 *"«.51».594
Internal revenue ........ 140.241.264 l«?.?«.040
Miscellaneous ■ 24,h2,.0.1 M..45.448
Totals J347.154.72S $104,511,052
The expenditures for the same Interval com
pare as follows:
1896-97. 1897-98.
r-irl! $ 90,445.016 $ 56,546.303
War '".'.'.'.'.'..'. 45.947.243 911957.802
Navy " 34.5E6.6.5S 58.848.763
Indians'".'."! 13.01M50 10.956.523
Pensions 141.063:083 wUftMO
Interest 37.T5b.626 3.,550,006
Totals .$865,807,816 $443,7:.3,357
WEATHER REPORT.
(110 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 11, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations in
California:
Eureka. 56; Fresno. 9S; Los Angeles, 84: Red
Bluff, 94; Independence, 84; San Diego, 74; Sac
ramento. 66; San Luis Oblspo, 7S; Yuma, 104.
San Francisco temperature— Maximum. 56:
minimum. 49; mean. 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past twenty-four hours over Idaho, Eastern
Oregon and Eastern Washington. It has risen
slowly over Nevada and California. A well
marked low overlies Northern Idaho. Eastern
Washington and Northeastern Oregon.
The temperature htti> lallen over Utah and
Southern Nevada and has risen over Idaho.
Washington and Eastern Oregon. In the great
valleys of California temperatures are about
normal.
A thunder storm is reported at Idaho Falls
and showers are falling in Utah.
A maximum wind veil city of 36 miles per
hour from the west is reported at San Fran
cisco.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ling midnight. July 12. 1898:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday; southerly
winds in the interior: westerly winds on the
coast: fog on the coast in the morning.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; south-
sterly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Tuesday; probably thunder
showers In northern portion Tuesday morning;
warmer north.
Utah— Cloudy Tuesday, probably thunder
showers; rmer north.
Arizona— Cloudy Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
fresh westerly winds; fog in the morning.
Special rer*>rt from Mount Tamalpals. taken
at 5 p. m— Clear: wind northwest, 24 miles per
b..ur; temperature, 70; maximum, 72.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 11.— To-day's stock mar
ket was not remarkable for breadth. In fact
the list as a whole showed little activity and
very little movement. There was a distinct
tendency to heaviness in parts of the list,
which might early have been pronounced but
for the sustaining strength in special stocks.
The dullnrss was the outcome of the uncer
tainty natural on the eve of an important
military operation. Great confidence Is felt in
the early occupation of Bantiagi . hut the halt
in speculation Is significant of th<- desire for
accomplished facts rather than probabilities.
The effect of the resumption of hostilities and
the abandonment of peace talk had a greater
Influence on the minds of foreign speculators
than it had even in Wall street. London sold
Stocks here all day. and the reaction in Span
ish 4s in I'aris. where the most accurate knowl
edge of Spanish governmental affairs Is likely
to he reflected, was even more significant. The
later recovery In I'aris in Spanish 4s was prob
ably associated with the conference between the
President and the French Embassador at
Washington. But the New York stock market
■was redeemed from dullness and perhaps from
positive weakness by the character of the buy
ing of special stocks and railroad bonds. The
Strength in th* early market was largely con
fined to the Vanderbllts. and the Interest in
had become specialised to Illinois Central
and Hawaii. Omaha reacted sharply before
the dose and New York ('pntrai was distinctly
heavy in tone. Early in the day the Atchison
adjustment bonds showed conspicuous strength,
as did also the Denver and Gulf firsts. This
was attributed to foreign account, even while
London was selling storks. Net changes gen
erally are small and mixed between gains and
losses.
There was active demand for some of the
speculative bonds at higher prices. Total sales,
*5. 235. 000.
United States 5s coupon were % lower and
United States 5s registered >4 lower bid price.
The total sales of stocks tri-day were 253.40Q
shares. Including Atchison, J156; Atchison pre
ferred. 43,2r,0; Burlington, 11.720: Illinois Cen
tral. 10.S13; Louisville and Nashville, 4227: Man
hattan, 22.9. r ,O; Reading preferred, 61S0: Missouri
Pacific. I\2SO; New York Central. 6275; North
ern Pacific, 5300: Northern Pacific preferred.
6820; Rock Island. 4500; St. Paul. 11,559; St.
Paul and Omaha, 7845; Union Pacific preferred,
11,454; Union Pacific, Denver and Gulf, 15 555;
Tobacco, 11,550; People's Gas, 6000; Sugar, 14,500.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 13% 5t P & Om 83%
Do prefd 35 Do prefd 153
Baltimore & Ohio 14%]9t P M & M 154%
Canada Pacific .. l«3>» 3o Pacific 19%
Canada Southern. 64Vi|So Railway 8%
Central Pacific .. i.V- . Do prefd 3m, i
Cnes & Ohio 23% Texas & Pacific.. 12'«. |
Chi & Alton 160 Union Pao prefd. 61%
Chi B & Q 107 U PD & Q....... 7^
Chi & E 111 57'*> i.Vabash 7%
CCC 4 St L 42"* Do prefd '192
Do prefd 86% Wheel & L E... 1%
Dal & llu.'.son lto% Do prefd 8%
Pel L& W 156V4 Express Companies-
Den & R G 12 Adams Ex 100
Do prefd 50 American Ex .... 127
Erie (new) 13% United States .... 40'
Do Ist prefd 36 Wrlls Fargo 119
Fort Wayne 170 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor prefd..... 128% A Cot CHI 21
HocKlnK Valley... s*i Do prefd 74%
Illinois Central .. 110% Amn Spirits 13%
Lake Erie & W.. 14 Do prefd ........ 36
Do prefd 70 \m Tobacco 121%
Lake Shore I*9 Do prefd 125
Louis & Nash 54% People's Gaa 99%
Manhattan L ..... 107^4 [CoiM Gas 199%
Met St Ry 1R914 Com Cable Co ... 17S>4 '
Mich Central — 106% Col F & Iron 22
Minn & St L 25% Do prefd 90
Do Ist prefd.... 88 General Electric. 39%
Mo Pacific 36% Illinois Steel S6V4
Mobile &. 0hi0... 26 Laclede Gas 60
Mo X & T 11% Lead 35
Do prefd 35% Do prefd 107%
Chi Ind & L 9% Nat Lin Oil 16
Do prefd 30 Pacific Mull . -. 29U
N J Central 90y 4 Pullman Palace... 210
N V C.-ntral 118% Silver Certificates GSV4
N V Chi & St L.. 14»i Stand n & T 6
Do Ist prefd .67 Susar 133%
Do 2d urefd.... 37 Do prefd 113% I
Nor West 14M, T C & Iron 25' i
No Ainer Co 6% t; S Leather 7%
No Pacific 29% Do prefd 66%
Do prefd 70% U S Rubber 2<i%
Ontario & ■ W 15 Do prefd 91%
Or R & Nay 4S West Union MU
Or Short Line 28 C & N W 12.i%
Plttsburg 170 Do prefd 171%
Reading 18 9t L& S W EU
Do Ist prefd.... 43Vi Do prefd 11%
Rock Island 97 ROW 2f1%
5t Louis & 8 F.. 'V x Do prefd 67
Do Ist prefd.... 61% Chi G W UVi
Do 2d prefd 25 \i Haw Com Co 23%
H Paul 100%jUnlon Pacific .... 24%
Do prefd 149% ' Brooklyn R T 55
CLOSING BONDS.
D B new 43 reg.. 125% N J C r,s 112
Do coup 12. r N* Carolina 6s 125
U R 4s UlVi I>o 4s 102
Do coup 111% No Pac lsts 115
Do 2ds X Do 3s «3%
US Es res: 113% Do ',s Sji
Do r.s coup 113% N V C ft St L 4s. 106i<i
District 3.65s 116 Nor & W 6s 122%
Ala class A 107% Northwptrn cons. 142%
Do B 100 r>o deb 5s 119
Do C 90 iO Nay 15t5....... ill
Do Currency ... 90 10 Nay 4s 86%
\tchison 4s 94% 0 S Line Cs tr.... 126
Do adj 4s 70% |O S Line 5s tr.... 104%
?an So 2ds 109 IPacifle 6s of 95.. 101%
Chi Term 4s 86 Reading; 1s 53%
C & Ohio 5s 114% X G \V lsts... 89
C H & D 4%s 104=% -=t L & I M C 6s. 96%
D & X O lsts.... 108 St L4S P G 6s. 118
D&- RG >s 921/. 3t P Con 143 j
Past Term lsts... 104* -it P C & P lsts.. 117% \
Erie Gen 4s 73\ Do 6s 110
F XV & D lsts tr. 75V, So Railway 6...... ( .'4<4
I Gen Electric 65.. 104 <tand R& T «*.. 70
I3H &S A fis.... 105 ronn new set 35.. 9114
Do 2ds 102 rex PL G lsts.. 106»i
H&T ess nOV4 Do Rg 2ds 42%
Do con 6s 11l rPD & G lsts.. 67
I lowa C lsts 101 Wab Ist 5s 110%
] La new cons 45.. 100 Do 2ils S6U i
L & N l*nl 45.... 88% \V Shore 4s 10S&
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries "0%
i M X & T 2ds 64% Do deferred ... 4
j Do 4s r«i Union Pac 4a 97
N V Central lsts.. 116
MINING STOCKS.
I Chollar 12 ' Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 04 pphlr 15
Con Oal & Va.... 1:. ll'lymouth 12 i
I Oeadwood 30 Quicksilver 100 |
; Gould & Curry... OS Do prefd -00
Hale & Norcross. 40 Sierra Wevada .... 40
Homestake 45 on Standard 160
Iron Sliver Co Union Con 15
Mexican 03 Yellow Jacket OS
nOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Westlnghouse El. 124
I Call loans 2 @3% Do prefd 54%
rime loans 2'i@4 Atchlson prefd ... 35
Stocks— Roston L 67%
\. T & S F 13 Bonds—
: Amer Sugar 133 Atchison 4s 93%
I Do prefd 113*4 New England 6s. 112%
; Ray State Gas... ISO Gen Electric 55... 103%
1 Bell Telephone 274 Wts Cent lsts.... 41%
Boston ft Albany. 23 Do 6a 125%
I Roston & Me 162 Mining Shares—
I Thi B& Q 107 All.niez MCo 4%
I Fitchhurg 99 Atlantic 28
I 3en Electric • 39% Boston & Mont... 209%
Illinois Steel 56% Rutte & Boston.. 24%
Mexican Central.. Centennial 14 ;
NY & N Eng 9:> Franklin 11%
Hd Colony 194 Osceola 47
>r Short Line 2S Qulncy 115%
: Rubber 26% I Tamarack 156
"nl.'n Pacific I'l'v ' Wolverine 23S
(Vest End 85% Parrot t 32% !
Do prefd 106 .Old Dominion .... 22%
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 11.— The Evening Post's i
London financial cablegram says: Business in i
the stock markets here was slack to-day, pend
ing the settlement. Rates should be easy at j
the settlement, as there Is a great abundance :
of money and very little speculative account. j
American stocks followed Wall street. Span
ish 4s continue to move upward on peace pros
pects, being now 35V
A feature to-day was a break of I%'«i3 points
in Grand Trunk on reports of traffic decrease,
an Increase having been expected. Canadian
Pacifies .were dull in sympathy.
Japan bought to-day over £200,000 of gold in
the market.
PARIS. July 11.— Spanish 4s closed at 35.45,
unchanged from Saturday's close.
MADRID, July 11.— Spanish 4s closed to-day
at 57.75.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, July FLOUR— Receipts.
11,554 barrels; shipments. 11,000; sales, 4000
packages; quiet and fairly steady.
WHEAT— 45.100 bush«!s; exports, 275.
000. Spot steady; No. 2 red. 90@92c f.o.b. afloat.
Options opened weak, and were sensitive to
bearish reports all day except for. a slight
closing rally on all day demand. Selling was
Ing rally on export demand. Selling was
Induced by fine crop and weather prospect,
closed ViS'2'ic net lower; No. I red July, S2ViS?
S4Hc, closed S2Vjc: September, 72%:§73%c I closed
73c: December, 72% c.
HOPS—
WOOL— Quiet.
METALS— The week starts off with buyers
and sellers alike showing 1 I (Terence. Busi
ness to-day was very dull without Important
change. At the close the Metal Exchange
called:
PIG IRON— Warrants, dull, with $6 50 bid
and $6- 60 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet, with $11 75 bid and
$11 $7% asked.
TlN— Quiet, $14 50 bid anil $14 60 asked.
SPELTER— with $4 70 bid and $5
asked.
LEAD— DuII, with $4 bid and $4 05 asked.
The firm naming the selling price for lead
from the Western miners and smelters quotes
lead $3 80.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet at unchanged
prices to 5 points lower: sales. 3000 bags; in- '
eluding September and October. $5 65. Spot
Rio dull: mIM, neglected: Cordova, S 1 ''il'.c.
SUGAR — Raw firm: sellers, scarce. Fair re
fining, 3^c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4Vic; refined,
firm.
BUTTER— Firm; Western Creamery. 13@
17% c
EGGS— Western. 13%®14c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. July 11.— California Dried Fruits
quiet but steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6@Sc;
prime wire tray, v^c; choice, B%(fj9Vic; fancy,
9%c.
PRUNES— 4OBc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. S%@loc; Moorr>ark. 10@
12c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, S«T.Se; peeled. 12©16 c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, July 11.— Lower Liverpool cables,
better eroj. news and fine weather started
wheat easy. More radical weakness quickly
developed, however, when It became known
that St. Louis receipts of new wheat were 76,
000 bushels and the weather In the Danublan
provinces was fine and settled after heavy rains
reported from there Saturday. The opening de
cline wae partly recovered later on buying
against puts and the expected heavy decrease
in the visible supply. The fact that the Gov
ernment crop report was expected In the after
noon kept the trade In a waiting mood, as few
cared to enter into new obligations pending
the arrival of information which might change I
the whole situation. The world's shipments to
Europe were 6.051. 0<J0 bushels last week, against
1,796,000 busbeta the similar week of 1897. The
quantity on ocean passage decreased 3,200,000
bushels. July closed l'ic lower and Septem
ber lost V»c.
Scattered liquidation on more favorable crop ]
reports and the decline in wheat weakened
corn. July cloyed 'ie down.
Sympathy with wheat and corn was respon
sible for a decline in oats. July declined 'v.
Suggestions of an Improved foreign demand
for provisions offset the effect of an ovrrrun
of hoes, lower prices at the yards and a
smaller cash business. There was a Bharp
rally early on liberal buying by packers. Th»
advance was lost later, however, on general
selling by commission nouses. Pork and ribs
closed unchanged. Lard gained 2Hc.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. —
July 77% 7734 76 76%
September 65% 6S'-» 67% 68 *
December 68% 6SH 67% G7%
Corn, No. 2— ...
July 32 32 31% 31%
September 32% 32% 31% 32V4
December 33 33 32% 32%
Oats, No. 2—
July 22% 22T4 22% 22%
September 20 20% 19% 19%
May 23 23% 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 9 77%
September 9 90 10 05 9 90 9 92%
Lard, per 100 H>s—
July
September ".!!!!!!!!!556 555 550 5 62%
October 5.52% 560 5 52% 555
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July
Septernber'!!!!!!!!!!6 62% '6 60 5 52% 6 67%
October 5 60
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, firmer; No. 2 spring Wheat, old, 7."@
80c; No. 3 spring Wheat, old, 70<g82c; No. 2 red,
78% c; No. 2 Corn. 32Vic; No. 2 Oats, 23ffif24c; No.
2 white, 26%'fj27c; No. 3 white. 25%526V>c; No.
2 Rye. 46c; No. 2 Barley. 31®^: No. I Flax
seed. $1 04%; Prime Timothy Seed. $2 55; Mess
Pork, per barrel, $9 80(S9 85; Lard, per 100
pounds, *5 37%<g5 40; Short Rib Sides, loose,
$5 4505 66; Dry Salted Shoulders, boxed, 4%@
4%c; Short Clear Sides, boxed, $5 9096 10.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 7.100 4.700
Wheat, bushels 13.300 10,200
Corn, bushels 230.000 661.400
Oats, bushels 152. 397.
Rye. bushels 2,100 72,00.1
Barley, bushels 6,000 64.500
On the Produce Exchange to-dny the Butter
market was steady: creameries, 12@16c; dairies,
ll@l3c. Eggs, firm; fresh, 10% c.
. WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipmants.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 53,900 49,020
Duluth 2.990 204. C0S
Milwaukee 7,800 1950
Chicago 11,320 10.201
Toledo 4,430 1.600
Louis 77,000 16,000
Detroit 4.254
Kansas City 22,000 4,500
Totals 183.634 25"!79
Tidewater —
Boston 11.030
New York 48,100 ' 276,275
Philadelphia 160 1614
Baltimore 32,608 ...!...
New Orleans
Galveston 41,000 .'.'..'.'.'.
• Totals 132,898 277. 889
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept.-Dec
Opening 54 r,O 45 95
Closing 54 CO 46 35
Flour-
Opening 24 SO 21 2.".
Closing 2i 00 2135
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
. , July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 11% 5 9
Closing 67% 5 10% .6 8%
ELGIN BUTTER.
ELGIN. 111.. July 11. -Butter, firm; offer
ings. 517 tubs: sales, 3490 tubs at 16c: sales of
the week reported, 13,500 tubs
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL TUESDAY, JULY 12, 1898.
GRAIN CROP REPORT.
WASHINGTON, July 11.— The July grain
crop report of the Department of Agriculture
says: Preliminary returns to the statistician
of the Department of Agriculture on the acre
ace of corn indicate a reduction of 3 per cent
from that harvested last year. The average
condition. 90.5, though T. 6 points higher than
the condition for the corresponding date of last
| year Is. with the exception of 1592 and 1593. the
lowest July condition in ten years, the average
for that perioil being 91.3.
The condition of winter wheat, 83.7, Is 5.1
I points lower than last month, but Is still 4.5
i points higher than at the corresponding date
last year and 4.3 points higher than the average
fur the past ten years. The principal State
averages are as follows:
- Pennsylvania, S7; Maryland. S6; Tennessee,
90: Kentucky. 93; Ohio. 89; Michigan, 98; In
1 dtana.,94: Illinois. 66; Missouri, 68; Kansas, S9,
and California, 40.
The average condition of spring wheat is 95.
This Is 3.S points higher than at the corre
■ spending date last year, 6.2 above the average
, for the past ten years, and Is the highest
j July average, with two exceptions, In thirteen
• years. The principal State averages are as fol
lows :
Minnesota. 91: South Dakota. S9; North Da
i kota, 92: lowa, 97; Nebraska, 102; Washington,
. 102. and Oregon, 105.
The average condition of spring and winter
j wheat combined is 59.4, which Is 4.6 points ',
i higher than at the corresponding date last j
year and 6 points higher than on July 1. 1890.
I The average yield of barley is 85.7, which Is
i 6.9 points higher than last month, hut is 2.8
; points lower than on July 1 last year an<l 1.3
below the July average for the past ten years.
[ The outlook for the apple crop Is very dis
couraging. Of the fourteen principal apple
growing States eleven report even a lower per
centage than at the corresponding date last
With a few notable exceptions Indications as
to the peach crop are somewhat unfavorable.
The wool report indicates the average weight
I per fleece as being 5.S pounds, the same as last
year.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company Bold California
I Fruit to-day as follows:
BOSTON July 11.— Bartlett, $2 65@2 90,
average $2 86. Apples— Alexander. $2 05. Prunes
—Tragedy, $1 10©l 70, average $1 62. Plums-
Peach, 50e@$l 30, average $1 15; Burbank. 95cf3
$1 75 average •$1 33. Peaches— Hales Early.
$1: St. John. 60cif$l 45. average $131; Early
Crawford, $1 30. Apricots— Royal 45c. Weather
dry. Kipht cars sold.
NEW YORK. July 11.— Pears— Bartlett. $2 20<5?
2 65 average $2 37; Clapp's Favorite, half boxes,
$1 2.W1 40, average $1 34. Tragedy. 95c
<Ssl 40, average $1 13. Plums— Peach, 90ctff$l 45,
average $1 IS: Burbank. SOofJIl 65, average $1 101
Ogon, $1 65. Peaches— St. John. 55c@$l 05. aver
sl 05, average S3c. Cherries— Royal Anne, 4»c<f? i
$1 05, average 83c. Cherries — Royal Anne, 45c@
$1 10. average S7e; Republican. $1 0591 60. aver- i
age $1 23. Weather dry. Sixteen cars sold.
CHICAGO. July 11.— Pears— Bartlett. $2 44:
Windfalls. $1 55. Prunes— Tragedy. $1 10«il 50,
average $1 SI. Plums— Peach. $131: Burhank.
85cS$l 30. average $127. Weather cool. Eleven
cars sold.
PHILADELPHIA, July 11.— Prunes— Tragedy,
$1 2^n R.", average $1 28. Plums— Burbank. 95c ;
©$! 35, average $1 31; Ogon, $1 24; Boten. $1 30;
Peach Plums, $1 4S. Peaches— Hales Early, 50
(570 c, average 59c: Strawberry, 53c. Pears—
Bartlett, $1 05ST2 20. average $1 56. Cherries-
Republican, 65c@$l 20T average 92c; Royal
Anne, 45c. ■
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. July 11.— CATTLE— There was a
strong market for all desirable cattle to-day.
Choice steers. $si?i3 35: medium, $4 55@4 75: beef
steers, $t'l4 50: stockers and feeders,' $3 25®
4 75; bulls, $3(??4 20: cows and heifers, $3 15@4;
calves. $3 50ST7; Western steers, $4 20^5 15.
HOOP— about 6c lower; fair to cholc».
$3 S2(f?4 9.i; packers. $3 705350; butchers. $3 75
ff?3 90; mixed. $3 70(§3 S7; lights, $3 65@3 85;
pig?. $3 65(03 So. ".;>•::
SHEEP— Were in nctlve demand and lambs
were 15c higher. She*»p. $3 75@5 25; rams, $2 50 i
M ; spring lambs, $506 50.
Receipts— Cattle, 17,000; Hogs, 24,000; Sheep,
17,000.
KANSAS CITT.
KANSAS CITY. July CATTLE— Re
ceipts. 7000. Best grades steady: others, ssTloc
lower; native steers. $4'ff. t i 20; native cows and
heifers, $1 8364 05; stockers and feeders, $3 3o
'.••■ 05: bulls. $2 7F,©4.
Receipts. 5000. Market weak to 5c
lower. Bulk of sales. $3 60® 3 80; heavies. $3 75
(S3 90; packers. $3 50(53 85: mixed. $3 50<33 80;
lights, $3 50(g3 65; yorkers, $3 60@3 65: pigs, $3*g>
3 45.
SHEEP— Receipts, 5000. Market, steady,
lambs, $4@6 50; muttons, $3<ff4 50.
OMAHA. <..;,
OMAHA. June CATTLE— Receipts. 1300.
Market stronger; native be»f steers, $4 25<3>
4K; Western steers. $3 Ss<fi4 60; cows ana
heifers, $3 50<fJ4 50; stockers and feeders, $3 75
©4 80; calve*, $4 50<S?7.
HOGS— Receipts, 3SOO. Market. s@loc lower,
heavy, $3 67T/3 75: mixed. $3 67®3 70; light, $3 &>
03 70; bulk of sales. $3 67«ff3 75.
BHEEP— 2100. Market, steady; fall
to choice natives, $3 80 1 4 70; do Westerns,
$3 60@4 40; common, $3 50®4 25; lambs. $4 25(86.
LONDON WOOL KALES.
LONDON. July 11.— The catalogues offered at
the Wool auction sales to-day were good and
consisted of 12.463 bales. Scoured, fine greasy
merinos and cross-breds showed a hardening
tendency and there was keen competition for
these Wools. The American buyers have pur
chased so far nearly 300 bales. The attendance
was large. Following are the sales In detail:
New South Wales. 2000 bales; scoured, 9d@
Is 4-.l; greasy. f.fjlOd.
Queensland, 1100 bales: scoured. Is 2d@ls 5Hd;
greasy, 6d131s 4^d.
Victoria. 100 bales; scoured, Is 3Hdf?ls 6d:
greasy, 6%i«jllV!d.
£>>uth Australia, 200 bales; scoured, lid®
Is 2Ud. . — . .
West Australia, 300 hales; greasy, s*i@9d.
Tasmania. COO bales: greasy, 6Vi®lld.
New Zealand. 700 bales; scoured, 6>£<??ls 4d:
greasy. s(fzlOHd.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal, 100 bales;
scoured, Is ld@ls r.d.
RAISINS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. July 11.— Journal of Com
merce says: There has been an Increased In
quiry for California four-crown loose raisins
from second hands for prompt delivery, but
only small pales have been reported. For two
and three crowns there appears to be but lit
tle demand. California seedless raisins are
firm under small and concentrated supplies.
California Sultanas are dull and nominal. In
Imported raisins there Is nothing doing, prices
being nominal and unchanged.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. July 11.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat' Sat
urday. July 9, as compiled by the New York
Produce Exchange is as follows: Wheat, 12.
518,000 bushels; decrease. 2.1R4.000. Corn. 22.
865,000 bushels: increase. 251,000; Oats, 5,940,000
bushels: decrease, 246,000; Rye, 878.000 bushels:
decrease. 44.000. Barley, 374,000 bushels; In
crease, 44,000.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, July 11.— Consols, 111%; Silver.
27Vi: French rentes, 103f 25c.
LIVERPOOL, July 11.— Wheat, steady; No.
1 Standard California, 435; cargoes off coast,
quiet and steady; cargoes on passage, nominal,
unchanged: English country markets, firm;
French country markets, firm; Wheat in Paris,
firm; Flour In Paris, steady; quantity Wheat
and Flour on passage to V. X., 2,750,000: quan
tity Wheat and Flour on passage to Continent,
1.160.000; Indian shipments Wheat to U. X..
200.000; Indian shipments Wheat to Continent,
57.000: Imports Into U. K. for week, 178.000
barrels Flour. 3.'.6.000 quarters Wheat.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 7-16 d.
WHEAT— Futures closed dull; July, 2s 7%d;
September, 6s 7Wid.
Imports of wheat Into Liverpool during the
week: From Atlantic ports. 63,100 quarters;
from Pacific ports, none; from rilher ports,
54,000 quarters.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. July 11.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $230,171,050; gold reserve,
$171,749,417.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, July 11.—COTTON—Mid
dlings, 5 11-lGc.
PORTLANDS BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. July IL— Exchanges,. »455,366;
balances, $522,292.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET
PORTLAND, July : 11.— New wheat was re
ceived at several Interior warehouses to-day.
There Is no change in the price situation. 60c
b.lng the ruling quotation for Walla Walla,
while valley and bluestem are quoted at 62@63c.
WASHINGTON. ;"
TACOMA. July U.~ WHEAT— Receipts, light.
Club, 61c; bluestem, 64c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sißht — $4 S7
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — 4 85V4
Sterling Cables — 4 8S
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17<£
New York Exchange, sight — 16 ■
Fine Silver, per ounce ... — .59V4
Mexican Dollars 46 464
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The market continues weak, • dull
and featureless. There Is no speculation of
any consequence and the demand on shipping
account Is Insignificant.
Spot "Wheat— Shipping, $1 25@1 27,4; milling,
$1 35@1 45 per ctl.
CALL. BOARD ' SALES. . -
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
22,000 ctls. $1 28. ■•■■- •. - '•
Second Session— December— l6,ooo ctls, $1 27%:
28,000, fl 27^. ■■. ;
Regular Morning — December — 2ooo ctls,
*1 27\. ■■ ,■■ ■ ■ .-■_■...-,-..
Afternoon Session— December— 6ooo ctls, $1 28.
BARLEY— The market continue* dull and
easy, though a car of choice Feed brought the
top quotation.
Feed, $1 15(31 21»4: Brewing. $1 25@1 35.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 ISU.
Afternoon Session — December — 6000 ctls,
$1 ISH.
OATS— There is nothing whatever new, trade
being very dull.
Fancy feed, $1 35(^1 40 per ctl; good to choice.
$1 30-31 35: common, $1 25@1 27Vi: Surprise,
$1 32M,@l 40; gray, $1 25@1 32H; milling, $1 32^
@1 37% per ctl.
CORN — As far as any change In prices Is
concerned the market is dead in the shell. Re
ceipts from the East have fallen off consider
ably of late, but It does not seem to make
any difference.
Small round yellow $1 25@1 30; Eastern large
yellow, $1 05^1 07Vj; white, $1 02V4@1 05; mixed,
$1 02»*<51 05 per ctl.
RYE— sl SOtfil 25 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-$1 7&91 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $5@5 10; bakers' ex
tras. $4 75®4 S5 per bbl.
MILL6TUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat Groats,
$4 50: Hominy. $3 25W3 50; Buckwheat Flour. $4
(34 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina. $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats (bar
rels), $5 85<g6 25; in sacks. $5 65@G 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peae, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay were over TOO tons, hut it
j was aJI wanted and the market was as firm as
I ever. A car of strictly choice wheat, mixed
; with oat, sold at $19 50. a slight advance. Most
I of the Hay coming in is alfalfa. Island barley,
clover and other inferior descriptions, as good
grain Hay is being evidently held back.
Bran and Middlings are unchanged.
BRAN— SI 4 50016 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2O;g22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $25@?6 per ton ;
; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31(3:31 56; Jobbing,
I $32fi32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24#25; Cottonseed.
! Meal. $2S<Jr3O per ton: Cornmeal, $23@23 50;
I Cracked Corn, $24@24 50.
NEW HAY— Wheat. $18 50W19 for choice and I
. $17(5 IS for lower grades; Wheat and Oat. $17@ i
$18 50; Oat, JK-fflS; Wild Oat, tWSV; Barley.
; Island Barley, $14® 16; Alfalfa, $12 60@13;
| Clover, $131? 14 50 per ton"
STRAW— 6O@9Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There Is nothing new to report in Beans, the
market being- quiet and steady.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 90^2 95: Small Whites. $1 80
(SI W); Large Whites. $1 7601 SO: Pinks. $2 60®
2 75; Reds. $2 755T2 S3: Blackeye. $3«3 25; But
; ters, $180©!; Llmas. $2 50.02 90; Pea, $1 90fr'2;
! Red Kidneys, $2 50(8*2 70 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 RO«rs per ctl: I
; Yellow Mustard. $4 BOOS; Flax. Kli2 OS; Canary ]
Reed. 2'4Q2^c per lb; Alfalfa, 806 c; Rape, 2Vi@
i 2%c; Hemp, 2*,(S3c; Timothy. s@s^4c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 75<g2; Green, $2®2 10
j per ctl.
j POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
I Onions are In larger supply and rather lower.
I Potatoes range about the same.
Tomatoes, Squash and Corn are lower. Other
wise there Is nothing new in Vegetables.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 60060 c in sacks
and KIKS7SC In boxes for Early Rose, and 50fg70c
I In sacks and 50c55l in boxes for Burhanks.
ONIONS— New, . i0035c per sack for red and
75085 c per ctl for yellow.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, $1 SO! 25 per
box; Green Peas, VAQ2%C per Tt>; String Beans, i
! IGEc per lb; Bay Squash, «i*M 25: Green Pep
! pers. 60075 C for Chile and 7ucfisl 25 for Bell; j
j Dried Peppers, . r 'fi6c; Cabbage, 50c per ctl; Car- i
rots, 3'i'fisoo per sack; Bay Cucumbers, Kcfl
Jl 26; Vacaville Tnmatoes, KOC0S1; Los Ange- :
les. $101 ZS per box; River Tomatoes, $2@2 25; !
Green Corn, 40ef?$l :.> per sack for Vacaville, .
SlOl 2:> per crate for Alameda and 65ig7Rc for
I Berkeley; Garlic, 2f/3c per lh; Green Okra,sl
(gl 25: Egg Plant. $Ifil r>o per box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes.
i sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25 lbs: sliced
i desiccated, 16"S-18c: granulated, raw, 13c;
i Onions. 60c: Carrots, old. 13c; new. 18c: Cab
bage, 30c: Sweet Potatoes. 30c: Turnips, 25c;
; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 60c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of Eastern came In. and sales made
at 14c for Turkey?. $5 50^6 for Hens. $4 50®
4 75 for old Roosters, $5 50 for Fryers and $3 60
for Broilers.
Local stock was nominal, with an advance ■
j in Hens.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10@lZc for Gob-
I biers and WBI2C for Hens; young Turkeys, 17<<J >
i ISc; Geese, per pair, 75c0f1; Goslings, 75c<g$l; i
Ducks. 138099 for old and $2 oOfio for young; i
I Hens. *4 5006; Roosters, yming, $6<K7 50; :
Roosters, old. J494 60: Fryers. KO<; Broilers, '
| $4@4 50 for large. $2 50@3 50 for small: Pigeons. !
$1 6001 75 per dozen for young and $1<&1 25
for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
; Eastern Butter Is the bone over which dealers
. are squabbling at present. Those who are im
. porting it want quotations up, and those who i
■ | are not want them down, so that the Eastern '
j may be kept out. Thus Creamery Is variously
i I quoted at 2«c and 22c, according to the views
lof the dealers. Sales are being made at both
; ! extremes, and there Is no scarcity of stock.
Eggs continue to advance. Cheese remains
; unchanged.
BUTTER—
I Creamery— Fancy creameries. 21c, with sales
of special brands at 22c; seconds, 20c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 17@19c; common
grades, 15$ 16c.
; Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 14(5 16c per lb; :
Elgin. isf?2lo. nsked.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 8c; old. 7@
7 v ->o; Cream Cheddar. 10@Uc; Young America,
B@9c; Eastern. BOlSc.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, lSifflSc per dozen; store
Eggs, 12<g'15c; Eastern, 12M>'»'15c ; Duck Eggs,
. 16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts of most kinds continue very light,
and prices are firm in consequence. Peaches
. are the favorites at the moment, and they are
I the scarcest fruit on the list. Crawfords
i | brought the top price in baskets on the wharf.
' No good Pears are seen. There are few Nec
tarines coming In.
A car of Watermelons from Fresno Is selling
at $1 2602 per dozen.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries. $2<§3 per chest for large and
■ i $sff?6 for small.
t ! Black Cherries. SSOGQct Royal Annes, 23@40c;
| loose Cherries, Z%Ofc for Royal Anne.
| Figs, 86060 C per box for single and 50c(g$l for
) double layers.
Red Nectarines. $l'g 1 l 25; White Nectarines,
! 75c per box.
Fontainebleau Grapes from Vacaville were
green and neglected at 75c per crate; Seedless
White Grapes from Yuma, per crate;
Black Grapes. .
Blackberries. $2 5008 50 per chest.
Currants. $1 50<S3 per chest.
Plums. 60075 c per crate and sOtf?7sc per box.
Apricots, 60090 c per box and 75(590c per crate
and $4Offr6s per ton In bulk.
Peaches. SOcOfl 25 per box. $li@l 35 per basket.
Raspberries, WtiK per chest.
' New Apples, 40'§'50c per small and 50c@$l 25
1 per large box.
t'rabnpplefi, 75c.
Bartlett Pears, $I@l 25 per box; Windfalls,
CITRUS FRUlTS— l.'avel Oranges, $1 50@2 50;
1 Seedlings, ROC'S 1 * 1 : Lemons, $1 2502 for com
mon and $2 6003 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes, 1807; Bananas, $1 25®2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3(g4 dozen.
9 DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
There Is nothing new to report.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 4%@
6c for 40-50's, 4Vi?f4V4c for 50-60"s. 3%@*n for
60-70's, 3%@3%c for 70-80"s. 2%@3c for 80-90's, 2%
@2&c for 90-100'b; Peaches, 3<g>sc; fancy, 6V4@
6c; peeled, 10<5'12 1 new Apricots, B<S"9c for
Royals; old "Apricots, 6<g6Vic for Royals and
7®Sc for Rood to fancy Moorparks: Evapo
rated Apples, 7'^@Sc; sun-dried, 4'" sc; Black
Figs, tn sacks, 2®2VJc; Plums. 4%<3>4%c for
pitted and lVi'SlVsc for unpltted; bleached
Plums, B@B\ic; Nectarines, 4@sc for prime to
fancy: Pears, 2H@4V4c for quarters and 3@sVic
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— 2«?!2%c for two-crown. 2%@Sc for
three-crown. 3K@3%c for four-crown, 4>40 for
Seedless Sultanas. 2Sic for Seedless Muscatels
and $I@l IS for London layers; dried Grapes,
2%e. ' • - ■
Walnuts. 3«Ne for hardshell. 4tfJ6c. for
softshell; Almnnrls, 3@4c for hardshell, 6@7c for i
snftshell. BH(ffi9c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4®
6%c for Eastern and 4V£c for California; Pe
enns, 6^(^80 ; Filberts, 9^(aioc; Brazil Nuts,
B@9c per tb; Cpcoanuts, $4 BOtg'S per 100.
HONEY— Comb, 9@loc for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water- white extracted. &V4<&i
6c; light amber extracted, 4%@5'/4o per tt>.
BEESWAX-24@26c per It).
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 9c per It) for
heavy, 9%c for light, medium, 10c for light,
lie for extra light and 12@12V4c for. sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10%@llc; Cali
fornia Hams, 9%@10c; Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, $12; Salt
Pork, $9; extra • prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
$17@17 50; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12@12%c per
Ib. ,
LARD— Eastern, tierces, . quoted at 6c per It)
for compound and 8c for pure; pails, B%c:
California tierces, 5%c : pcl 1 It) for compound
and 7c for pure; half barrels, 7'^c; 10-tb tins,
8c; 5-tt> tins. BHc. ■ •-■■■'■
COTTOLENE— Tierces. ■ 6%<56%c: packages,
less than 300 tbs—l-lb palls, 60 In a case. 9%c;
3-!1> pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-Ib pails, 12 In a
case, -BV4c; 10-lt) palls, 6 in a case. S%c; 50-Ib
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net. S'/dc; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per 11).
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs : and i brands sell
about I lc under the j quotations. | Heavy . salted
steers, 10% c: medium, 9%c: light. 9c; Cow
hides, 9Hc; Stars. 6Vic; salted Kip. 9@9Hc;
Calf, 10c; dry Hides, sound. 16c; culls: and
brands. 12t812%c: dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry
..■'-.-.-■.. ■ ■ _"-..'.■■■-■■
Calf. 18c: Gnatsklns, 27%©30 c; medium, 50c;
winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15fi}25c each;
short wool. 30«40c each; medium, 6r"?rsoc; long
wool. 90c(ff$l 10 each; Horsehifles. salt. $2@2 50
for large and $I@2 for small; Colts, 50c; Horse
hides, dry, $2 for large and $1 for small; Colts,
50c.
TALLOW— No. l rendered. 3H@3%c per n>;
N'n. 2. 2%01c; refined. 4Mj®4^ic; Grease. 2e.
WOOL— Fall clips. Southern Mountain. "SJlOc;
free Northern. 9@l2c. Spring clln— Southern
! Mountain, 12 months', 9@llc: San Joaquln and
t Southern. 7 months', SSlOc; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12??14c; do, defective. Wgl2c;
Middle county. 13ig"lGc; Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 15!c?17c; Nevada. lO^frHr; Eastern Oregon,
lCW'l2c; Valley Oregon. 15Q17c.
HOPS— IS 97 crop, 9@l2Vic per rt>.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, sc; Wool Bags,
nominal', San Quentln, $4 S5.
COAL— Well ingt on, $S per ton; New Wel
linßton, $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle. $6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend.
$7 50; Cumberland, JlO 25 In bulk $11 50 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel. $10 per ton; Rock Springs r nd Lastle Gate.
$7 60; Coke, Jl2 per ton in bulk and $1* In
sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, "c: Powdered, 6>£c; Candy
; Granulated, 6c; Dry Granulated. 5%c; Confec
j tinners' A, 5?4c; Magnolia A. s\ic: Extra C.
' SV~; Golden C, sVic; California A. b%c per lb;
i half -barrels. >4c more than barrels, und boxes
Vie more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6i4c; second quality,
sUfi6c; third quality. 41-4i??sHc4 1 -4i??sHc per lt>.
VEAL— Large. 4@sc; small. 6@7c per It).
MUTTON— Wethers. 7H@Bc; Ewes, 7@7Hc
per It).
LA MB— Spring, Bi?rs%c per It).
PORK— Live Hogs, 414'35c4 1 4'35c for large, sVi®s^,c
for medium and 4%®4Vic for small; stock Hogs,
2&3Vsc; dressed Hogs. 7@Sc.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, July 11.
Flour, qr sks ... 12,005 Hay. tons 738
| Wheat, ctls 5,000 Straw, tons 25
Barley, ctls 3. F.n. r i Wool, bales 124
Butter, ctls 201 Pelts, bdls 271
r-heese, ctls 21 Hides, no 1,239
Reans. sks M Eggs, doz 12,420
Potatoes, sks ... 3.546 i Leather, rolls ... 153
Onions, sks 812 j Wine, gals 22,900
Bran, sks 3.940 ISugar, bbls 50
Middlings, sks .. 275'
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 360
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining: stocks were dull at about the prices
which ruled on Saturday.
The Cbollar, Hale & Norcross and Belcher
assessments fall delinquent in office to-day.
Business In local securities was active, with
a decline In Hawaiian Commercial to $22 50.
The Marln County Water Company paid a
quarterly dividend of 75 cents per share yes
terday.
The Pacific Vinegar and Pickle Works has
declared regular and extra dividends of 10 cents
each, both payable on July 14.
The Pacific and Sunset Telephone and Tele
gTaph companies will pay their regular month
ly dividends on July 15.
The Best & Belcher Mining Company re
elected the old management at Its annual meet
ing yesterday with George H. Wells as presi
dent. M. Jaffe secretary and P. Kerwln super
intendent.
Weekly reports from the leading mines are as
follows:
Consolidated California and Virginia, 1550
level— From the incline upraise No. l at a point
112 feet above the sill floor of this level from the
south drift at a point 230 feet in from ' its
mouth the upraise has been advanced 7 feet,
pasing through porphyry and quartz assaying
from $1 to $7 per ton. Total length, 15 feet.
Work In this drift has been suspended. The
coming week we shal lrosume upraising. 1650
level — We continue repairing upraise No. 2
from this level upward. From the old east
crosscut on the sill floor of this level at k
point 93 feet in from its mouth, from the up
rais.' 15 feet above the sil! floor from the north
end of the openings from the upraise carried
up 2S feet we have worked north and east
therefrom, passing through streaks and hunches
of ore, from which we have extracted 19 tons of
ore assaying per mine car samples $47 21 per
ton. We have also extracted from this part of
the mine seven tons of low grade ore. the
average assay value of which, per car samples
takt-n from cars when raised to the surface,
was $."> 7.".. 1760 level— On eighth floor from the
upraise from the east crosscut at a point 27
feet In from its mouth, the north drift has
been advanced 9 feet, passing through por
phyry streaked with quartz assaying $2 and $3
per ton. Total length, 41 feet. The total ex
traction of ore for the wek amounted to 19
tons, the average assay value of which per
samples taken from cars when raised to the
surface was $45 45 per ton.
Sierra Nevada. Rlley tunnel— The north drift,
started at a point 36 feet west from the raise,
has been advanced during the week 23 feet,
making a total of 65 feet. The face is In por
phyry and quartz. The old Sierra Nevada shaft
has been cut out and retimbered during the
week 10 feet, making a total of 55 feet. Two
men are engaged stoplng out ore from the
third and fourth floors, which ore Is being left
in the chute in the mine. We are still engaged
in taking down the rope house nt the Sierra
Nevada shaft to put up at the old shaft we are
now reopening. West crosscut No. 3 from the
south lateral drift, started at a point 225 feet
south from the upraise and 190 feet vertically
above the sill floor of the 900-foot level, has
been extended during the week 10 feet; total,
110 feet. The face is in porphyry. On the 900
foot level, west crosscut No. 6 from the north
lateral drift, started at a point 100 feet north
from crosscut No. 5 and 660 feet north from the
Sierra Nevada shaft, has been extended during
the week 10 feet; total, IS9 feet. The face Is
in clay and porphyry- No work was done on
the 4th and sth of this month.
Brunswick lode. Gould & <^urry. Best & Bel
cher—The shaft has been sunk 5 feet on the in
cline; total depth, 1166 feet; bottom in porphyry
and quartz. The Best &- Belcher east crosscut
started In the south drift 600 feet from the
station was advanced 3 fret: total length, 67
feet. Sutro tunnel level— Joint north drift from
the Sutrr. tunnel has been advanced 9 feet; total
length, 167 feet; ''ace In porphyry.
The following companies have cash on hand:
Alpha. J1.179; Andes, J1172: Best & Belcher
J6527; Bullion. SISIS; Caledonia, $<516; Chollar,
$3435; Consolidated California and Virginia!
$440; Confidence. $209; Challenge Consolidated
$3722; Consolidated Imperial, $653; Consolidated
New York, $335; Exchequer, $2520; Gould &
Curry, ?;oos; Hale * Norcross (Fox mnnage
nirntl, $5920; Julia Consolidated. $1561; Justice,
$311; Mexican. $6702: Occidental Consolidated
$279; Ophir, $3500; Overman. $2457: Potosi, $539-
Savage. $14?1 ; Sierra Nevada. $34,345- Silver
Hill. $276; Seg. Belcher, $131: Standard Con
solidated. $62,439; Syndicate. $1053: t'nlon Con
solidated. $9R33: I'tah Consolidated, $62.
The California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany has declared a quarterly dividend at the
rate of 6 per cent per annum, payable on the
15th.
A semi-annual dividend of 4 per cent has been
declared by the Crocker-Woolworth National
Bank, payable Immediately.
The first semi-annual dividend of the Nevada
National Bank of 34 per cent will be paid on
the 15th.
A quarterly dividend of 3 per cent will be
paid by the Bank of California on the loth.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. July 11-2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 50 51
Is quar c0up.,110%111% Pac Gas Imp.. 85 —
Is quar reg...HO%IUV, Pac L Co — - 50
Is quar new... 124^125''; S F G & E... 85 85%
Miscellaneous— San Fran .... 3 3%
"al-st Cab 55. 112 — Stock Gas .... 12 —
Cal El 63 125 — Insurance— *
2 C Wat 55... — 9S Firem's Fund. —
Dup-st ex c... — 98% Bank Stocks—
K-L & P 65.. 12.8% — Anglo-Cal ....55 63
F& Cl Ry 65. 113 114 Bank of Ca1..245 250
3eary-st R ss. — 100 fal SD & T.. 96 97%
HC & S 5%5..100 105 First Nat 205 —
L A Li Co 6s. — 100 Lon P & A... .127% —
'Do gntd 65..— 100 Mer Exchange 10 15
Mnrket-st 65..123«.— N>v Nat 8....155 165
Po Ist M 55.. 115 US Savings Banks-
Nat Vln 6s lsts — 97% Rer .S & L,.. — 1650 ;
NCNG Rv 7s. — — Hum S A L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 65.. — Mutual Say. — 42%
N Ry Cal 55. .102 102% S F Snv U.. 475 —
NPC R R 55. 100 — 5 & L. 50.... - 100
Oak Gas ss. 100 — Security SB. 250 —
Do 2d Is 55..107%109% Union T Co. looo -' — V
Om Ry 6s 125% — Street Railroad—
P & O 6s 110 — California ....105 108
P&CI Ry 65.102 lOS^s Geary 40 —
Po\vell-st 65...113 — Market-st .... 53 63%
Reno WL&L...100 — Presidio — 8
Rao F.lrcßy'is.loo — Powder—
3F& N P 55. 106 107 "allfornla ....120 150
SlerraßCal 6s. — 103 " Dj-namlte... 85 —
a Pof Ar 65..103%104Vi Qiant Con Co. 48 48%
S P Cal 6s — 113 Vlnrorit ........ 3 3V4
SPC Is cjc 55.. 94 ' — Miscellaneous—
S P Br 6s 113 116 Al Pac Assn.. 93% 94
S V Wat 65...1174— Ocr Ld. Wks..llo —
S V Wat 45... 102 — Hana P C 0.... 15 —
Stock Gas 65. .100 — H C & S Co.. 22^23
Water Stocks— Hutch S P Co. 51 61%
Contra Costa.. 50 64 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Marin Co .....50 — Nat, Vln C 0... — 7
Spring Valley. OS% 98V4 Oceanic S Co. 56V4 58
Gas & Electric— Pac A F L.,.. 1% 2%
Cent Gaslight. 105 — Pac Bot C 0... .100 104
Mutual El Co. 10 11 Par Paint Co. 7 —
Morning Session.
: 35 Alaska Packers' AFsnciation 93 75
15 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar..... 24 00'
35 do do ....:. 23 75
' 25 do do 23 87%
60 do do ......:.....'.. :..;.. 23 75
100 do do 8 30.:..... ; 23 50
15 Oakland Gas :"......;.. 50 00 ;:
40 S F Gaslight ..:..."........;.... 3 12H
15 Spring Valley Water. ................. 98 50
100 do do 8 90.. \. "...:.:.".'. 98 25
Afternoon Session. >, \T ! V '
40 Alaska Packers' Association 94 00
25 Hawaiian Commercial ■,.,& Sugar..... 23 00
} r.O do do .-. ...'..... ....... 22 50
; 100 Han a Plantation C 0..;.:........ .... 15 50
. 135 do -do ......".".....'...■....'.....■; 15 25 v
10 do do ......................... 15 12%
. *10 Market-street Railway ■•' ...;...... 53 25
SIOOO Park & Cliff House 6s Bonds 103 50
5 S F Gas & Electric Co. 510.. .......... 85 50 ,
25 Spring Valley Water........... 98 50 "
$5000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 102 25
250 Vlgorit Powder;-. ...•...:..:......■...:..• 3 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 62>4
15 Giant Powder 48 50
10 Hutchlnson S P Co 61 2o
Afternoon Session.
25 Market-street Railway S3 00
60-Hutchlnson S P Co SI °0
25 Oakland Gaslight & H 61 12Ms
75 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 37Vi
60 do do 23 25
15 Spring Valley Water 98 60
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning; Session.
100 Gould & Curry.. 08 1 100 Sierra Nevada.. 4$
100 07(200 Yellow Jacket... 10
Afternoon Session.
200 Con Cal & Va. . 16
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Con Cal & Va.. 17 1 350 Sierra Nevada.. 47
200 Gould & Curry.. OSj3OO Union Con 15
200 Savage 121
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, July 11—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 03 Justice — 06
Alta — 05 Kentuck 02 04
Andes 03 05 Lady Wash — 02
Belcher 12 13 Mexican 08 10
Beat & Belcher 13 14 Occidental 56 —
Hulllon 02 05 Ophlr 16 17
''aledonia 15 17 Overman 03 05
16 IS I'otosi -
r'hallensre Con. 09 11 Savage 12 14
Confidence 18 — >eg Belcher ... — 05
Con Cal & Va. 15 lfi Scorpion — 02
"on Imperial .. — 01 .Sierra Nevada. 46 47
Crown Point .. 03 O.i Silver Hill .... 03 05
"^on New York. — 02 Syndicate — 03
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard — 165
Exchequer — 03 Union Con 15 K>
rJould & Curry. 06 OS Utah — 03
Hale & Norers. 40 45 Yellow Jacket. — 10
Julia — 02
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
James T. Boyd to Alvlnza Hay ward, lot on
S line of Lombard street, IPO E of Octavia, S
206:3, E 37:6, N\V to a point W 12 (quitclaim
deed); $10.
William McCorrnirk to Margaret McCormlck
(wife), lot on SE corner of Hayes and Clayton
streets, S 25 by E 106:3; Rift.
Estate of William E. Murphy (by John Mo
ran, executor) td»same, same; $2200.
Hibornia Savings and Ix>an Society to Thomas
K. Flynn, lot on W line of Valencia street,
312:6 N of Sixteenth. N 32:6 by W 90; $5100.
Charles and Ellen Gay to William Price, lot
on N line of Eighteenth street, 120 E of Mis
sion. E 24 by N 92; $10.
Estate of Mary A. McHaffie (by James Mc-
Haffie, executor) to Union Investment Com
pany of Han Francisco, lot on W line of Church
street. 149 S of Ridley, S 21 by W 125; $1440.
Christy Davis to Mary F. Fee. lot on N line
of Beaver street. ISS W of Noe, W 75 by N 115
(quitclaim deed); $10.
Robert T. Davis to same, same (quitclaim
deed); $10.
Mary A. Brown to same, game (quitclaim
deed); $10.
George H. and Fannie E. Nelson to Grace M.
Hagerty (wife of John F. Hagerty), lot on S
line of Broadway, 225:6 E of Jones street, E 18:9
by S 60; $10.
Lizzie and Henry Jespen to Ada Graber, re
record 1754 d 32. of lot on SE line of Clemen
tina street, 225 SW of First, SW 25 by SE 80;
$10.
G. F. and H. N. Gray to San Francisco Brick
Company, lots 30. 31. 32, 52, 53, SS, and 67, block
9. lot 31, block 11. lots 43 and 44, block 12. lots
38 to 41, block 14, Flint Tract Homestead Asso
ciation; also undivided 24-28 of lots 1 to 14,
block 10, same; $SCOO.
Alameda County.
John P. and Kdna F. Beckett to Roscoe P.
Bromley, lot S. Map of Beckett's second Addi-
I tton to Oakland, Oakland Annex; $10.
Edward 1., and Miilicent Harbert. Lydla, F.
| O. and A. W. Randall to Adam Shirk, all tn
1 terest as to Shirk avenue, Erlen Township; $1.
Adam and Virginia Shirk to Edgar B. Clark.
lot* 4 to 17. Shirk Tract, San Leandro, Eden
, Township; grant.
William L. Jr. and Carrie W. Prather to J.
M. Bartlett. lot on S line of Knox avenue.
621.03 W of Telegraph avenue, S 160.31, W 50,
N 1H4.76, being lot U and E 10 feet of lot 19,
j Knox Park. Oakland: $10.
S. A. Langridge (by Tax Collector) to Charles
Babb, mortgage In -est in ldts 5 and 6. block
C, Parsons Golden Gate Tract, Oakland An
nex: $1.
Charles Babb to F. W. Lanhrldge, same,
quitclaim deed, Oakland Annex; $/.
John H. Brown to John P. Beckett, lot on S
line of Fortieth street. 250 \V of Telegraph ave
nue. W 43 by S 100. being lot 13. block 2OSO,
| Map of estate of John Evoy, deceased. Oak
land Annex; also lot 20, block D. Gasklll Tract,
Oakland Annex: $10.
E. S. Riggs. Mary C. Dlckson and Bradford
Webster to L°ander R. Webster, all interest
In lot on W line of Canning street, 50 N of
Rose. N 50 by W 100, being lot 10. block O.
Roberts and Wolfsklll Tract. Map 3, Oakland
Annex: grant.
H. T. Scott to Mary F. Orrick (wife of O.),
lots 17 and IS In plat 17. Mountain View Cem
etery, Oakland Township; gift.
Builders' Contracts.
A. M. Shields (owner) with Thomas O'Con
nor (contractor), architect Frank S. Van Trees.
I All work for alterations and additions to a
! 2-story and basement frame building at 2430
• Jackson strert; $2700.
Richard and Robert Sternitzky (owners') with
William Horstmeyer & Co. c contractors), archi
tect H. Geilfuss. To remove old building and
carpenter and mill work for addition to present
2-story frame tannery on lot on SW line of San
Bruno road on N corner lot 331, Gift Map 4,
thence SW 70, W SP, NE 4"\ SE S7:fi: $2060.
Thomas E. Dunne (owner) with William Pat
erson (contractor), architect A. J. Barnett. All
work for a 2-story frame building on lot on W
line of Hyde street, 37:6 S of Jackson. S 25 by
W 57:6: $4RIB.
Isabella W. Tindal (owner) with L. M. Zim
merman (contractor), architect R. H. White.
Excavating, concrete bulkheads and retaining
walls, copings, steps and walks, plain and or
namental cementing for part 3-story and part
2-stnry and rough basement frame building
on lot on N line of Jackson street, 137:6 W of
Taylor, W 62:fi by N 137:6; $1020.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mips X Wheelwright. G Thompson, Stockton
Ogden A B Schmltz, L Ang
W J Uickerly. Stkn .1 Laplng & w, Fresno
L Sllllman, Illinois J J Speck. Chicago
S Silliman, Illinois A Van Buzen, Tacoma
P Hindmarshtw, Ariz V J Sostrom & w.
D Murray & w. Sacto Stockholm
P Hall & w, Chicago B Haryett & f. Phila
C Maxwell. S Jose Mrs Miller & f. Sacto
P Jansen, Vallejo P Smith. Merced
L Roberts. Visalla J X Suttcn, Fresno
J Hagan, R Vista
PALACE HOTEL.
H Stevenson, Menlo F M Wise Jr. Wash
Mrs Stevenson, Menlo F Haurk, Chicago
H Stevenson Jr. Menlo J A Hall. London
B Benslnger, Chicago Viscount d'Ozouville,
Mrs Bensinger. Chicgo Paris
W Dighton. Illinois J Hay. South Africa
Mrs Dighton, Illinois Miss Hay. S Africa
O L Paine. Boston H McDonnell, N V
P Simmons. Chicago T PanuAw, Pa
Mrs Simmons, Chicago C Palmer, Boston
C N Clark, Minn W Higgirrs&w, Chicago
G Boole. L Ang J P Smith, w, c & n,
G Peterbaugh, S Diego Chicago
T McCarthy, ti Ang E Chatham. S Rafaet
Mrs Mosher, L Ang Dr Rickey, Cal
T E Gibbon, L Ang
BALDWIN HOTEL.
C E Crowell. USA S Niss, Portland
M Barcley. USA Mrs F R Ellsworth.
M E Harris, Oakland Ross Valley
F Sloan. Nev L Loughlin, Moss
3 Clarke. Baltimore E S Morlne, Irvington
J A Marshall, w & 2 B X CofTan. Chgo
c, Salt Lake City C Sommner. St i^ouls
Miss Dunford. Salt Lk J J Weidmann&w, Mo
Miss M Armstrong, Cal C M Hunter. Los Ang
E Uarson. San Jose B G West, Chgo
P Thacker & w. 111 IL E l_.er>ig;. Or
DrJ M Mathews&w.Ky !h N Davis. Blue Mtn
J Schilling, St Louis |R O Davidson &• w. Cal
T Power. Fresno R E Chatham. Boston
W F Muenster, 111 H E Adams. Boston
F C Lord. NY A B Collins. Pa
W S Qarrett. L Ang
GRAND HOTEL.
J T Burns, Petaluma O S Williams. Seattle
G F Kinney, Reno C F Smith. Chicago
W Neumann. Gilroy c J Bamberger & w,
J Lee. Watsonville Pa
A\V Arnold. S Rosa E M Mason &w. Mass
11 Deerssen, Sacto M Blggß Jr. Orovllle
M Coleman & w, Cal J C Adams. Mont
J H Glide Jr, Sacto A J Schultz. Cal
Mrs Grossman, Eureka J A Mclntlre, Sacto
Mrs Cottrell, Eureka C Maze ft w. Sacto
G W Kleiser. Cal D A Ostrom. Yuba
Miss Lowry. Pa O C Hawkins. Biggs
Miss E Lowry, Pa J L Penileton, Conn
Mrs BClarkc & c. Miss S Huegins. Omaha
Mrs W Warren, Ind W Hußplns St Joseph
W P Dunham, L Ang Mrs F R Horel A- c Mo
F Schilling, Ariz B L Webber Nnp.a
Ede Reynier. Sanser H Murmores S Jose
S T Constable, Ariz H W Burkhart Cal
S P Swift, Fresno J Kardloy. L Gatos
A R Case. Detroit F E Prusla, S Jose
W Balance, Cal E P, Wight. Stanford
E B Root. L Ang F A Jeffries, Hanford
J Harris. Boston F A Jerguson. S Jose
R T Dennis & w. Tex G D Easton. L Ang
S Frankeman. Sanger T P Fitzgerald Cal
Mrs E Barnard & d. J c Tice Cal
Sanger Miss A Clark. Oakland
M P Jacobs. N V VV Rutherford Cal
Miss C Jacobs. Eureka E M Bradley Cal
H Cohan. Mcx j p, Hoyt, Cal
L Levy. Seattle J H Sonwell. I'klah
T N Conn, Seattle J C White fklah
T W Pettygrove, Seat J c Ruddock. Uklah
Mrs M L Moore. Seatle W J Flynn St Louis
W V Rlnehart Jr & w, W B Woodward Cal
Seattle W A Davis. Tucson
H G Smith. Mo L Gerlach & w, Stktn
E W Holland. Mo 'Mrs V Morass, Stktn
J M Dodds, Berkeley !W S Jenkins. Sonoma
E F Win3low, St Paul i Miss A Tlemann, N V
M J Blalsdell. L Ang '■
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchanjje. Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
ofnce, where complete sets of charts and sall
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), U. S. N.. in charge.
rfUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geod"tlc Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Tuesday, July 12.
Sun rises • <••>«
Sun sets n.nJi"n"-«?
Moon rises °-°° P- m -
|L. W
H W
L W
! 1:0!
; 2:oi
I 2:5'
, 3:3!
i 4:11
1 4:4!
l| 5:1!
1.
O.i
0.:
— o.:
— o.
— O.i
.1 7:45
i 9:09
I 10:13
I 11:01
, 11:40
12:12
i 12:39
3.5
3.6
3.8
4.1
4.3
4.4
11:59
12:54
1:43
2:42
3:29
4:14
4:54
2.:
1.1
I.!
6: -
7:!
8::
S *'
9 ''*
10:
10:;
6.4
I 4
6.5
i o
s.a
E. 5
6.4
3.4
3.4
I 2
NOTE-In the above exposit on of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time The
second time column gives the second tide of
th-> day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column Rives tha
last tide of the day. except when then, are but
three tides, an sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, « ce P c
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane o£
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
San Jose iPanama
Santa Rosa San Diego
Titanla jNanaimo
Arcata Coos Bay
Curacao ! Mexico j
Willamette j Seattle j
Coos Bay |Newport
Chllkat IHumboldt
Xlnechow {Departure Bay
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Ruth JTillamook Bay
Gaelic |China and Japan
Leelanaw St Michael
L'matilla Victoria & Puget Sound
Columbia Portland
Pomona [San Diego
Orizaba Humboldt
Bristol Comox
Signal Gray's Harbor
Homer Newport
North Fork 'Humboldt
Starbuck Panama
July 11
July 13
July 12
July 13
IJuly 13
jJuly 13
|july 14
July 14
July 14
July 1*
July 14
July 15
IJuly 15
July 18
July 16
July 16
July 17
'July 17
jjuly 17
'July 1?
IJuly 19
'July 19
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Balls. ±-ier.
Homer Newport July 12. 9 amiPler U
Orizaba ....IHumboldt ....iJuly 13. 10 amiPler 9
Alameda ..Sydney July 13, 10 pmiPier 7
Santa Rosa San Diego.... July 14. 11 am Pier 11
State of Cal .Portland July 14, 10 am Pier 13
Fulton Oregon Ports. i July 14. Sam Pier 20
Cleveland ..Alaska 'July 15 !
Walla Wall! Vic & Pst Sd.'July 15. 10 amiPler 9
Arcata .....Coos Bay July IS. 10 am. Pier 13
Coos Bay... (Newport IJuly 16. 9am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt IJuly 16, 9am Pier 2
Chllkat !Humboldt July 16, 9 am! Pier 13
Curacao ....Mexico July IS. 10 am Pier 9
San Jose....! Panama July 18, 12 mIPMPS
Columbia ..'Portland : July I*. 10 am Pier 13
Pomona .... San Diego.. .Jjuly IS, 11 am Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
TIME BALL.
; Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, July
11, IS9B.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
. i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at t
p. m. Greenwich mean tlmp.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), U. S. N.. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday. July 11.
Ptmr Walla Walla. Wallace, Si) 1-*1 -* hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Coqullle River. Johnson, 16 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Ptmr State of California, Thomas, 47 hours
from Portland, via Astoria 39 hours.
Stmr Fulton, Mclntyre, 25 hours from Eu
reka.
: Stmr Sequoia, Thwing. 49 hours from Port
; Los Angeles.
Stmr Bontta. Nieolson. 72 hours from Car
j plnteria and way p->rts.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, 84 hours from
Comox.
I Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, 20 hours from Eu
; reka.
Stmr Jewel. Madsen, 06 hours from San
i Pedro.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, H hours from
Fieh Rook.
Br hnrk Gladys, Voorman, 109 days from
■ Newcastle. NSW.
i Sohr Bender Brothers Wetzel. 11 hours from
1 Shelter Cove.
Sohr Maggie C Russ, Jacohson, 8 days from
New Whatcom.
CLEARED.
Monday. July 11.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, San Pedro; GoodaJl
Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, July 11.
Stmr Point Arenn. Hansen, Mendoclno.
Stmr Jewel, Marisen. Caspar.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 11-10 p. m.— Weather,
foggy; wind. W: velocity, 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The John G North loads mdse for Honoipu.
The Endeavor loads lumber at Port Gamble
for Honolulu; Honoipu, lumber at Tacoma for
Sydney.
SPOKEN.
July 4— Lat 49 N. long 17 W, Br ship Ang
lesey, hence March fi. for Queenstown.
MEMORANDUM.
LONDON. July 9— Br bark Banffshlre from
Cardiff for Esquimau, previously reported put
into Montevideo damaged, recommended to b«
sold by private contract. Cargo damaged by
water.
MISCELLANEOUS..
The wreck of the schr J Eppinger was sold
at auction to-day to O. L. Thomas for $62 50
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA-Sailed July 11-Stmr Pakshan
for Alaska: Br shtp Forest Hall, for Queens
town.
COQUILLE RlVEß— Arrived July 11— Schr
Barbara Hernster, hence July 8.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed July I— Bark Caron
delot. for Port Ludlow.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived July 11— Bark Car
ondelet. from Port Gamble.
NEHALEM RlVEß— Sailed July 7— Schr Vo
lant, for San Francisco.
Sailed July 9— Schr Admiral Dewey, for San
Francisco in tow of tug Maggie.
USAL— Arrived July If— Stmr Newsboy, hnc
July 9.
FORT ROSS— Arrived July 11— Schr La Chil
ena. hence July 7.
TILLAMOOK— Arived July 10— Stmr Ruth,
hence July 7.
OLYMPIA— SaiIed July 10— Bktn Northwest,
for San Francisco.
TATOOSH-Passed July 10-Br stmr Bristol.
hmop July 7. for Nanatmo; bark Gathere', frm
Tacoma. for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived July 11— Schr Twilight,
hence June 29.
NEWPORT— Arrived July 11— Stmr Westport
from Rockport.
Sailed July 11— Schr Mable Gray for Eureka.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 11— Stm
Ne.\vbujK. hence July 9.
EUREKA— Arrived July 11— Schr Eclipee, hno
NEWPORT— SaiIed July 11— Stmr Laguna,
for .
FOREIGN PORTS.
CAFE TOWN -Arrived July B— Br bark Fre
dale. hence April 2.
RIO PE JANElßO— Arrived June 24— Br ship
Wray Castle, from Taooma.
DOVER— Passed July R— Br ship Port Elgin
from Antwerp, for Pugft Sound.
YOKOHAMA-Sailed July 7— Br stmr Em
press or India, for Vancouver.
ENSENADA— SaiIed July 11— Stmr Curacao, for
San Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived July 11— Stmr
Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse. from New York
STETTIN-Sailed July 7— Stmr Island for
New York.
HAMm-RG-SAlled July 10— Stmr Phoenicia,
for New York.
ANTWERP-Arrlved July 8-Stmr South
wark. from New York.
PHTLADELPHIA-Arrived July ll_^t mr
Rhynland. from Liverpool. y U fttmr
GIBRALTAR-Sallod' July 11-Stmr Fulda,
for New York.
SWISS-AMERICAN BANK.
• Of Locarno, Switzerland, and
GERMANIA TRUST COMPANY
624 Montgomery street. San Francisco
Paid-up Capital and Reser%es. 5620 T000
(G. T. Co.. $320,000.) (S. A B $300 000 )
A general banking business transacted In-
terest paid on savings deposits. Loans on ao-
proved real estate security and orT commercial
P^Per. .The GERMANIA TRUST CO Is au-
thor zed and empowered by the State of Call-
fornia to act as ■ executor, administrator, guar-
funds a trustee - Le^al depository for trust
niRECTORS-Ernst A Denioke A Sbar-
boro J. .C Rued.. E. Martlnonl FC Sieb^
A' GOSWG 0S W. Z ef n n r!rt £ Kmnenberg. Charles Mar-
?i' n r. ofl, ?' J- Kronenberg. Charles Mar-
KStteiirl " ' T°Bnazzlnl.T °8nazzlnl. S. Grandi. aTAXES ON THE
WATER FRONT
Probably Will Be Paid
Without Protest.
ASSESSMENT WAR BEGINS
EX - SUPERVISOR PELOUZE IS
GRANTED A REDUCTION.
Water Companies, Railroads and
Other Corporations Have Not
Yet Filed Their Annual
Protests.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
; , July 11.
The annual war over the county assess
ment roll commenced this morning, and
for the :■•: ■• jcl two weeks and longer if the
State b irii' agreeablo the Supervisors
jll hold daily sessions until all petitions,
whether for reductions or raises, are
passed upon.
The rolls contain that section of tho
water front awarded to the Water Front
Company by the Supreme Court. There
Is some doubt as to whether this property,
valued at $600,000, should be on the roll or
not, as the decision of the Supreme Court
in the matter was not final. The case was
Bent back to the Alameda courts to be
retried and for judgment to be rendered
along certain lines. The situation is be
ing watched with great interest, for there
Is some doubt as to whether the Water
Front Ccnr.pany will object to the assess
ment or pay its taxes.
For nearly a year, or since the ren
dering of the opinion by the Supreme
Court, the" aeent for the Water Front
Company In this city has been trying to
negotiate the sale of some of its prop
erty, and has gone so far as to promise
a guarantee to prospective purchasers
that they shall be forever protected in
their title. This information has come to
the knowledge of the Assessor, and he
will use it as an argument against the
company should it object to the assess
ment.
There Is another point in connection
with the water front that is also being
brought forward. During the time of
office of ex-Assessor Leckle, the water
front was placed on the roll at a low
figure and the company paid its taxes
regularly. The payment of taxes for
many years was one of, the prominent ar
guments used by the wat( Front Com
pany during the trial of the great suit.
When Assessor Dalton took office in 1894,
he took the assessment off the roll on
the ground that the property belonged to
the city. For three years the property
was not assessed and there is some talk
aa to whether Mr. Dalton was justified
in taking it off the rolls, and If he be
not personally responsible for the three
years' taxes that nave been lost to the
county. Mr. Dalton declares he is will
ing to combat this position, and pays ho
haa no fear regarding the legality of all
be has done."
The first applicant for a reduction of
sment at to-day's session was ex-
Supervisor W. S. Pelouze. After mak
ing his plaini his property was reduced
from $750 to $500. Another reduction thai
he asked was not granted. One or two
smaller reductions were asked, but no ap
plications from the Southern Pacific, the
street railroad companies or any of the
larger corporations that annually create
much trouble have yet been tiled,
Another interesting light Is expected
o\er the assessments of the water com
panles. When fixing the rates last Feb
ruary, the two companies gave much data
trains the values of their plants. Thfs
data showed that the joint value, accord
ing-to the company's figures, approaches
$11,000,000. Owing to the ■■• ssment be
ing placed in the different townships and
cities, it is difficult to arrive at the total
assessment, but as the Assessor has been
guided by the sworn statements of the
companies there will probably be a warm
contest.
RETURNS FROM THE EAST.
President W. D. Heitman of the City
Council Tells of ihe Omaha
Exposition.
OAKLAND, July 11.— W. D. Ileltman,
president of the City Council, who has
visiting his father in Omaha, re
turned to-day. He was greatly pleased
with the evidences nf energy-, thrift, en
terprise ,- 1 n < j good tini'-s he saw on every
In Bpeaking of Omaha, the city
of his birth,' Mr. Heitman said:
They have made more progress in the past
few years than have those of any of the Middle
West cities. rever they have gone as dele
gates to ntions lately they have en
deavored to bring the succeeding National
gathering to Omaha. In this they have almost
<>ut-Chicasoed Chicago. Omaha, this year, I
believe, will have as .any large National con
ventions as Chicago. That will advertise the
place and bring thousands of dollars to many
lines of business.
As regards the Inter-State Exposition it must
be seen to be appreciated. It 1b really the Chi
cago World's Fair in miniature. There have
been few like It outside of Chicago. It is one
of the greatest shows ever nit up. They have
built a lake there about 1000 feet In length
and stocked It with gondolas. The buildings
are erected on either side. They are all white
and extremely beautiful. At night the place
Is lighted up with myriads of '■■••■ trie lights,
and the effect cannot be described. It la
really dazslinß In its brilliancy, and seems
more like a fairyland than It does the work of
human being?.
The Government exhibit Is a great feature.
It contains models of all the great war ves
sels of this country and a number of other
features which are very interesting.
DEATH OF HENRY F. CRANE.
A Pioneer Attorney Makes His Ap- I
pearance Before the Great Bar
of Justice.
OAKLAND, July IL— Henry F. Crane,
formerly a Judge of the Probate Court
In Washington Territory, before Its ad
m'tttnee as a State, who settled In this
State In ISGO, died at his home, 1721 Thlr- j
teenth avenue, last evening at the age of
65. lit was the father of Miss Bessie
Crane and William W. Crane, receiving
teller of the Union National Bank of tnis
city.
Ju<3ge Crane was born In St. Lawrence
County, N. V.. and lived there until ho
was admitted to practice. He then moved
to Wisconsin and later to the Territory '
of Washington. There he served as Judge ,
of the Probate Court with distinction anu i
honor. He came to San Francisco In IS6O
and practiced before the United States
courts, paying particular attention to
Government land cases. He was attorney
for the plaintiff In a celebra '■ .1 case in
volving the ownership of a largo tract
of land in ar Mt. Diablo, which was only
decided two years ago.
In 1873 Mr. Crane moved to San Lcan
dro, where he lived some time- beforu
moving to this city. Owir to poor
health he haa not practiced his profes
sion for some time. Tho funeral will oc
cUr to-morrcw morning from the family
residence.
"Betwixt Love and Duty."
OAKLAND, July 11.— The Lyceum stock
company, which consists of an amateur
company of our best known young people,
who have made a very creditable showing
in all the performances they have under-,
taken, are about to give another produc
tion, entitled "Betwixt Love and Duty."
It Is a beautiful military drama in three I
acts, to take place at Diets Opera House I
on Thursday evening, July 14. Among the i
members of tho cast are Harry Bruhns,
Oscar Gehring, Homer Guilbault, Harry
Lark, Fred Harmon Roberts, Lyle Ren
ney, Frank Buckingham, Jimmy Toohig,
Miss Cora Clark, Miss Mabel Turner and j
Miss Eva Lucas. There will also be Hpe
cialties Introduced by Miss Ida Maloon
and Caro True Boardman.
Found a Long-Lost Brother.
OAKLAND, July 11.— For thirteen years
Mrs. H. A. Glttere, who resides on San
Pablo avenue, has been searching for hei
brother, AVilliam Barnes. When the Kan
sas troops arrived at San Francisco Mrs.
Glttere heard that a relative of hers was
am'-ng them. She crossed the bay and
found her long-lost brother. He Is now
spending three days" leave of absence In
this city.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
TAKEN FROM
THE MOTHER
Neither Side Won in the
Hurt Contest.
A GUARDIAN IS APPOINTED
JOEL J. HURT REVILES HIS
EX-WIFE'S HUSBAND.
Judge Ogden Says the Case Is the
Most Difficult He Has Ever
Been Required to
Decide.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 11.
The contest over the children of Joel
J. Hurt of "Wyoming ended this after
noon. Neither the father nor mother can
claim a victory, although the honors are
probably with the father, inasmuch as
the children have been legally taken from
their mother and placed in charge of a
guardian.
This morning Hurt took the witness
stand for tho first time and told of his
experiences. He testified that at one I
! time he was worth $000,000, but he does !
| not believe he Is worth a quarter of that j
: just now. While giving hie testimony he
; frequently referred to his ex-wlfe's hus
i band. Alphonse Schaeffer. as "this thing"
and "that thing" and "such a thing." He
' gave vent to his inmost feelings when he j
said: "It would be the greatest pleasure |
of my life to bring this mother and her |
! children together in my own household, j
but 1 could never do it while she asaoci- j
; ates with this horse thief." Hurt also
stated that in every letter he sent his lit
tle girl he placed $5 and a tinhorn gam
bler (Schaeffer) stole it. "The Sheriff of
Cheyenne County," said Hurt, "told me
i that Sehaeffer took the alimony that I
paw my wife before she was married and
; gambled it off. He also receipted for the
I alimony at the bank. All this loafer
j wants Is the alimony from his wife."
Mry. Carrie Mentell of San Leandro,
' who has known Mrs. Schaeffer for four I
j weeks, created quite a sensation by her |
eloquent defense of women in general and I
Mrs. Schaeffer In particular. She told
the court that all the procedure being !
; held was highly improper and assured '
: Judge Ogden that if he knew Mrs. '
I Schaeffer as well as she did he would
Bhare her (the witness) opinion. Mrs.
I Mentell, when asked to confine herself
jto matters before the court, said the
Judge had bitter excuse her because the !
attorneys objected to her testimony and ,
she was so "riled" that she could not do ;
any better.
Josie Hurt, the eldest of the three girls,
told the story of how carefully her
mother cared for the children and of how
her father had tried to make them be
lieve her mother was a bad woman. She !
said that her father had told her he j
1 would kill Schaeffer if he ever came
across him. Alice Hurt was put on tho
stand, but when she tried to speak and !
realized that she might be taken from ;
j her mother the little girl could do noth-
Ing bin cry. r>nd was excused.
Mrs. liirchlnell, a neighbor of the !
Schaeffen at San Leandro, created some j
amusement by stating that even the cats
j followed Mr. Sc-haeftVr around the yard, j
) and when kittens were in his way ho was
• too kind to even Step on them, but drove
them out ot His path. Several other wit
b testified to Mrs. Schaeffer's char
acter.
In rendering his decision. Judge Ogden
Btated that he had never felt the weight
jponsibllity more than In the case at
liar. He briefly recited the family history
from the time of the divorce to the prfts
. ont. He referred to the fact that the i
I father was able to give the children groat j
i advantages and also that they needed a j
mother's care.
"The court see.« great difficulty in this
case," said Judge Ogden. "The benefits
j of the father's wealth, rightly applk-<l. are
great. If the mother be a moral woman |
! it is absolutely necessary for the growth j
I of the, children's' character that sho. attend !
Ito their development. I dread to take the |
> responsibility of saying that the children
I shall not reap the benefit which the
father's wealth may bring, and. on the
other hand, I cannot take them from the
mother and give them to the father where
he can have exclusive power outside the
control of this court. The second hus
band's crime- is not to be considered, for
he was pardoned and restored to full cit
izenship. Whatever may be said of
marrying a man of this character, this
court will encourage the two to remain
together and to hold fast to the espousal
sanctioned at the altar. If this mother
would consent to some fit and proper per
son who should be so deemed by the
court, being appointed guardian of her
children, who should have their custody, ;
allowing such access to them on the part j
of the mother and father as such guardian
' should consider fit, then this court would
recommend such a course."
Judge Ogden suggested that Mrs. S. C.
Ranford be appointed the guardian, and
i hinted that if such an agreement be not
. tered into by trreir mother the children
should bo sent at once to their father and
there receive such benefits as he could j
give them.
This solution of the difficulty was ac
ceptable to Mrs. Hurt, and when the :
ary papers were drawn up the chil
dren became the legal wards of Mrs. San- :
ford, and the groat struggle for the chil
dren, which had lasted two years, was
ended.
SUPERVISORS DECLINE
THE RAILROAD'S OFFER
WILL NOT ACCEPT THE USE OF
ALICE STREET BRIDGE.
Traffic Will Be Seriously Disturbed
While the New Bridge Is Build
ing at Webster Street-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 11.
The Southern Pacific Company sent a
■communication to the Supervisors to-day
I offering to the bounty the use of the
Alice-street bridge as a means of com
munication between Oakland and A!a
meda until such time, as the new county
bridg" shall be built at Webster street.
The Supervisor* refused the offer.
The railroad company has almost com
pleted Its arrangements for transferring
the Alice-street steam travel and the
Webster-street steam travel from these
two bridges to its new bridge at Harri
son street; Under the old system, the
railroad -used a large part of the county
bridK" It Webster street and had a bridge
of Us own at Alice street. Their liarrison-
Btreet bridge, which Is now being llnlshed,
will accommodate all their travel, and
they must within a certain time entirely
remove the discarded Alice-street struc
ture. The communication from Chief En
gineer Curtis to the Supervisors states
that after the tracks are taken from the
Alice-street bridge, and while the old
Webster-street bridge Is being pulled
down and the new one built, the public
could use the discarded bridge if the
1 Supervisors desired.
It was learned thut in order to make the
Alice-street bridge lit for teaming after
the tracks were torn up, about J2OOO would
have to be spent, and consequently the
otter was declined by the votes of Roeth
j Talcott and Wells. Messrs. Church and
Mitchell favored the acceptance of the
offer, stating that it would be a great con
venience to both towns while the new
bridge is In course of construction
Nothing is known at present of the
future or Webster-street bridge. Ail tho
plßns. petitions and protests have been
forwarded to the War Department and
as Secretary Alger la supposed to bo very
busy at this time, Alameda County's
bridge Is not likely to be considered as an
I urgent necessity. The bridge should have
: been completed a month ago, but with
j the exception of preparing plans and let-
Iting the contracts nothing has been done
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 12, 1898.
nor can be done until the War Depart
ment issues its ultimatum.
H. G. Rudolph Robbed Theodore Geir
OAKLAND, July 11.— Officer Jack Scan
lan arrested Henry G. Rudolph, a printer,
at Seventh and Webster streets to-day on
a charge of burglary. He was accused
ot the iheft of a' sack of coin containing
$76 from Theodore Gier's store a few
days ago. When faced by Detectives Hol
land and Quigley, he admitted the charge
und returned the sack and $5 30. Rudolph
was familiar with Gier's place of busi
ness, and often hung around there. The
police were satislied that the crime was
committed by some one who knew the
place. To the officers Rudolph stated that
he had seen the sack hid, and becoming
tired of living on 5-cent meals, he could
not resist the temptation of taking it and
living high. He lived in" luxury for three
or four days, when he took too much
liquor and a friend relieved him of $40.
Pie will appear In the Police Court in tho
morning.
Anton e Smith Accused of Robbery.
OAKLAND. July 11.— Jacob Weil, the
free market butcher who has been in the
Police Court numerous times for violating
the city ordinances, to-day told Captain
Fletcher of the police force a tale of al
leged robbery lo which he was subjected
yesterday. He asserts that he went out
in the vicinity of the Fish Ranch yester
day to purchase some calves. He declares
that when he reached the ranch he was
dragged into a barn by Antone Smith
and compelled to give up $100 he had in his
pocket, under threats of arrest. He ad
mits that he has had trouble with Smith,
but denies that he owes him money. Aa
the affair occurred in Contra Costa Coun
ty, Captain Wilson advised him to apply
for a warrant for the man's arrest In Mar
tinez. It is possible that Smith will tell
another story when his side is heard.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND. July 11.— Kenneth A. I<err had
Mr lower Jaw tract urvil to-day and his teeth
knocked out by th>- brsalflnc of the forks on
his bicycle. He was riciinqr slowly at the' time
of the accident or he wuiild have been mure
seriously Injured.
Mrs. Mary Jlaboll. wife of Charlee Raboll,
of Livermore, "3 years if :!>•>■, wrote her hus
band the day befun- tailing that she had se
cured a berth OO laj. Bourgogae. Her hus
band and Irleuda fi nr she went down in tho
wreck.
Word was received here to-day of the death
Of William Heaney of 1219 Peralta street, by
drowning last Wednesday in the Columbia
River. lie Is well kn.ivii in this city. No
particulars have reached the bereaved parents.
John Doe Compemensn, charptM with violat
ing the ltquor license, will be trlod by a Jury
to-morrow. lie is one of the bottlers arrested,
and the cue was continued In hopes of the
Council reducing the license to bottlers.
Dr. Charles M. Fisher, the reirular County
Physician, is dangerously ill with typhoid fe
ver. Thi? crisis is expected this week. Dr.
S. H. Buteau Is attending him and Dr. M. S.
Porter attends to his practice.
FROM ST. MICHAEL.
First News From the Alamedans Who
Went Up Last Fall.
ALAMEDA. July 11.— The llrst news has
been received from tho party of Ala
medaxis who went to St. Michael last fall
with the yacht Xl Sueno. Captain Ritchie
writes under date of Juno i>, he having
arrived there on the 14th, his vessel being
the second to reach that place. They
found the El Sueno there and some of the
men who went up with her. They ex
pected to get on the Yukon in a few days,
the ice bavins gone out on the l^th.
The Alameda party tried to work a coal
mine on the river during the winter, but
the men they left in charge of it sold out
and went off with tho money. "Wages are
not high at St. Michael, but reports were
that they were better up the river. The
party which wintered at St. Michael had
heard nothing from homo since November.
Lodge Installations.
ALAMEDA, July 11.— Yosemite Council
No. 40, Jr. O. U. A. M., will install ofllcers
to-morrow evening in its rooms in the.
Llnderman block. The installation will bo
followed by a banquet.
Encinal Lodge No. 164, I. O. O. F.. will
install its new officers tv-night, to be fol
lowed by a banquet.
Fair Oaks Rebekah Lodge installed its
now officer* last Saturday evening. Dis
trict Deputy Mrs. Talbach presided at the
oeremonles.
Alameda ITews Items.
ALAMKJ>A. July 11.— Rehearsals are now go
ing -on tor the jifrtorniaßce of "Father arul
Son" at Armory iiall Friday and Saturday for
the benefit c.f the Red Cross. -
Yosemite Council, Degree of Pocahontas, of
this city will take part in the competitive drill
at Red Men's headquarters in San Francisco
in August. V , ,
The Enclnal Recreation Club gave a ladies
night last Saturday evening, which vi- well
attended. The program mv Included music and
singing, as well as athletlo perform
Bed Cross Society at Work Again.
BERKELEY, July 11.— The , Berkeley
branch of the Red Cross society has be
gun active work again. This morning
Its headquarters in the Hinklo block
were filled once more with ladies busily
engaged in rolling up and tying the'band
ages to be used for the soldiers. By this
evening the number llnished counted up
to over 100. A fresh supply of materials
has been purchased which will keep tho
workers occupied for weeks to come. The
bandages upon which they are now en
gaged are of the plaster .of paris . kind,
used in cases of fractured limbs. Mrs.
J. M. Pierce will take charge. the work
done at headquarters for this week. Shu
1b very much in need of moro assistants.
as the loca! society expects to send a
large quota of supplies < with the next
transports that leave San Francisco.
Mrs. F. V. Paget, chairman of the com
mittee on reading matter, has five largo
sacks of books and. magazines ready foi
shipment. Among them is a complete set
of Scott's works, and several complete
volumes of current magazines. They will
be forwarded to San Francisco to-mor
row.
Its Colors to Be Left in Berkeley.
BERKELEY. July 11.— Company I of the
Eighth Regiment, now stationed at Frult
vaie, has asked permission of J. C. Row
ell, librarian of the University of Cali
fornia, to deposit its colors in the uni
versity library while they are gone to
Manila The request was willingly grnnt
ed. The colors will be taken to the uni
versity within two or three days and
stored away in the library basement.
Company 1 received its colors as a pub
lic gift from the citizens of Grass Valley
and they hesitate to risk them on the
Philippine expedition.
Regent Hallidie Returns.
BERKELEY, July 11.— Andrew S. TTalli
dle chairman of the committee on finance
of the Board of Regents of the University
of California^ has returned from his trip
to the East, and will be present at the
regents' meeting to be hold to-morrow In
the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art, San
Francisco. Regent Hallidie hns had in
charge the selection of a superintendent
for the new "WilmrnHng School, and it is
expected that he will hand in his report
to-morrow. _____________
MUST PRODUCE A LAST WILL.
Judge Greene Believes Mrs. Bridget
Muldoon Responsible for Its
Whereabouts.
OAKLAND, July 11.— Airs. Bridget Mul
doon, one of the devisees under the will
of the late Mary Sweeney, which has been
missing since the day before the maker's
death, was ordered by Judge Greene to
produce tho document. He did this after
the examination of Elijah Foster, one of
tho executors of the will, Mrs. Muldoon,
and Nora Johnson, her sister. Mrs. Mul
doon's son also receives several small
legacies and a one-third Interest in tlie
estate for her support This led the Judg*
to suspect that she was making an ef
fort to secure tho entire control of thai
portion.
"You will produce that will in court
next Monday, madam," ordered the court
in his sonorous tones.
"But I cannot do bo," announced Mra.
Huldoon in an injured tone.
"Well, madam, you have heard the in
struction of tho. court, and you will havo
the will here at that time," replied tha
court as he turned to the next case.
The Hawaiian Commission.
When the Hawaiian Commission arrives
in this city the members are likely to be
the guests of the Chamber of Commerce
for a day at least. Yesterday Hugh Craig,
the President, sent the following to Sen
ator Cullom of Illinois: "The Chamber of
Commerco desires to tender a public re
ception to you and the members of the
Hawaiian Commission upon your arrival
here. Kindly inform us of your move
ments."
The reception will probably he of an in
formal nature, and Mr. Craig wishes as
many of the public as can attend to be
at the rooms of the chamber upon that
occasion. It is believed that the commis
sion will leave Washington about August
1, and it will not complete its mission
until October.
LEGISLATES
FOR LIQUOR
Henneberry Objects to
Cigarettes.
BERKELEY CITED AS EXAMPLE
OAKLAND COUNCIL WOULD RE
DUCE SALOON LICENSES.
Says the War Tax Is a Burden on j
Everything They Sell and
They Should Be
Relieved.
OAKLAND, July 11.— There were two
little surprises at the meeting of the City
Council to-night. Councilman Henne
berry submitted an ordinance providing
for the suppression of the sale dt cigar
ettes. Tho ordinance says:
It Is hereby declared unlawful for any per
i Bon in the city of Oakland to sell, offer for sale
j or Rive away any cigarette or cigarettes.
No person shaJl permit any cigarettes to be
; Fold in any place owned, leased or occupied
by him.
It is hereby declared unlawful for any minor
to smoke any cigarette In any railway car,
Btreet, square, public building or place in the
city of Oakland.
The ordinance is to take effect. If passed,
on and after October 1. It was referred
to the ordinance committee.
Councilman Hcnneberry's second surprise
was an ordinance providing for the reduc
j tion of the liquor license from $100 to $50
; a quarter, in explanation of his ordin
ance, Mr. Henneberry said: "The war tajc
; has laid a heavy burden on liquor dealers.
It has required them to pay taxes on
I everything they sell, and it is but equita
ble that they should be shown some con
sideration. Just across the line, in Berke
ley, the, license has been reduced to $50 per
quarter, and it Is but right, In my opinion,
that we should do the same."
The ordinance went to the committee.
The Council appropriated $75 to-night to
pay for a national flag for the Eighth
i Regiment at Camp Barrett.
The new Davie Freight Ferry Company
i applied to the Council to construct a
■ freight shod at Franklin,-Btreet wharf.
The protest of property owners against
j the remaeadamlzing of Webster street
was sustained.
The annual report of th« Free Library
was presented to the Council. It concludes:
: "In reeard to the needs of the library
thrre is one that is ever present and ln
; sistent, and we can but reiterate the state
. merit made last year that the library has
| almost reached the limit of its usefulness
! till a more suitable building is provided.
The present building, erected thirty years
fitro, did well enough for the Oakland of
1868, but Is hardly consonant with the dig
nity of the greater Oakland of 1598."
Next Friday night the Council will meet
as a committee of the whole to take up
j the matter of Cemetery Creek.
DEMING SURPRISES A
PHILADELPHIA CROWD
AN OAKLAND CRANK COMMANDS
THE ATTENTION OF ALL.
Tells of His Peculiar Mission, Which
Is to Advocate a Complete
Anglo-Saxon Alliance.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, July 11.
Arthur Buel Deming of this city has
just created a sensation In Philadelphia.
On the 4th of July, at the conclusion of
Senator Edmunds' speech at Independ
ence Hall, a patriarchal man of com
manding presence arose from tho front
row, and. with a gesture, bade the audi
ence listen to him.
The chairman and others who had
fought in the second war with. Great
33ritain were too much surprised to re
monstrate. "Sons of the Revolution,"
said Deming, "I have come all the way
from California to speak to you. My mis
sion is to proclaim the alliance of the
Anglo-Saxon races. That alliance is sure
to come. My mission is to promote and
perfect the amity of our race in the bonds
of peace. Such an alliance is absolutely
necessary for business, society and re
ligion."
After he had left the platform and been
cheered by the audience, the speaker said
he was A. B. Deming of Oakland, Cal.
He said to a reporter: "A mnn is greatly
impressed by his waking thoughts. I was
awakened at 4 o'clock on December 20,
ISO 7, by the Idea of an Anglo-American
race. I formulated a proclamation and
mailed a copy of It to Queen Victoria. She
got it, I know, and Chamberlain's recent
speech was the result. I suggested to
Victoria that she should get herself car
tooned, and if you notice lately, her pict
ure has been appearing with that of Un
cle Sam, their arms entwined about each
other. Yes, Victoria is running the end
over there and I am struggling- along the
best I can with this end of the business.
But it will succeed."
A. B. Deming is well known In Oak
lani as an earnest religionist. He is the
inventor of a peculiar preparation of
charcoal for rheumatism, and has been
a f.-imiliar figure for years. He is*an in
telligent, well-educated man of good ad
dress.
Sergeant Hughes Weds Miss Miller.
OAKLAND, July VL— Sergeant Thomas
B. Hutches of the Fourth Cavalry, sta
tioned at the Presidio. San Francisco,
called at the County Clerk's office to
night and secured a license to wed Miss
Rosalna Kdna Miller. She accompanied
him, and they immediately repaired to
Justice Cliffs court, where they were
married. He Is a native of Florida, aged
31, while the bride was born In this State
twenty-eight years ago. Both are resi
dents of San Francisco.
Private Alexander Goodman of the
First Montana ■ Infantry, now at Camp
Merritt, and Miss Alice Wilcox were unit
ed in matrimony ttt the same time. They
had intended being married yesterday af
ternoon by Rev. It. Ritchie, but the cere
mony was postponed until to-day. An
other soldier, a private, when he saw the
two married, wanted Judge Clift to per
form the ceremony for him, but having
failed to secure a license, the Judge had
to refuse. The six then went away to
gether.
THE WOODBBIDGE CANAL.
A Higher Bid for the Property by
the Receiver, E. C. Chapman.
The sale for $11,000 of the Woodbridge
canal property, Which has been the sub
ject of so much litigation lately, came up
before Judge Morrow yesterday morning
for affirmation. \V. C. Chapman, receiver
of the property, through his counsel.
Judge Fox, made a conditional bid of
$23,000, with the understanding that the
property be sold to him subject to all
costs incurred by the receiver, which
amount to $35,000.
The contention was made by parties rep
resented by Attorney Cannon that their
claims, amounting to about $5000, be de
creed by the court to be preferred over
the bonded indebtedness, as they repre
sented money owed by the defendant cor
poration. The whole matter was referred
back to Commissioner Heacock, who will
hear It next Monday at 11 o'clock.
A Trick of Peddlers.
J. L. Aiken, 1188 Noe street, swore to a
complaint In Judge Mogan's court yester
day for the arrest of Nick Wyley and
"John Doe" Lyons, peddlers, on a charge
of petty larceny. He alleged that his
wife, last Tuesday purchased 85 cents'
worth of articles from Wyley and Lyons
and gave them a $5 gold piece to get
changed. They forgot to return with the
change. The police say that similar com
plaints have been made by other people.
MAMIE GRIFFIN'S
GREAT MILE
Lowers Oakland's Track
Record to 2:12.
MABEN SPRINGS A SURPRISE
GREEN PACER LOLITA STEPS
THREE CLIPPING HEATS.
President Knight's Mare Silver
Queen Easily Defeats the Soft-
Hearted Favor — Turf
Notes.
The racing at Oakland yesterday was
gilt-edged and during the afternoon Jim
my Sullivan made a little turf history
with Colonel Henshaw's beautiful black
mare, Mamie Griffin, by lowering all
trotting records over the course to 2:12.
Mamie can surely touch 2:10, and her mile
was a splendid one and entirely within
hers-lf. Every one regretted the absence
of the genial sportsman who owns her,
for he would have received an ovation
most surely.
To beat Toggles and Clay S, two sup
posedly formidable opponents, was in
deed a performance "Oregon Jimmy" can
view with eminent satisfaction. Then,
too, the rating was to perfection. The
quarter 33 seconds— just a 2:12 gait— half
in 1:06^4, at the three-quarters it was
1:39V4, and the last quarter In 32Va seconds,
a 2:10 clip, showing that the contest was
not a hollow one. Mamie's old record
was 2:12%. In the books she was 2 to 1
and Toggles, her chief competitor, a 1 to
2 shot.
Still another surprise was the defeat
of Resort by the green mare Lolita, by
Sidney, from Walter Maben's stable, and
driven by Brooks. The mare never saw
a crowd till yesterday, cost her owner
Just $35 at auction and In her Initial heat
was close second in 2:16. coming from the
rear brigade at the half-mile ground.
She went her mile, too, with a tire
"down." Resort was all out and seemed
about done, while the black mare was
fresh as a daisy. Early betting favored
Resort, but Lolita was 4 to B for the sec
ond heat; Resort at ovens.
'ihe story is soon told, as Lolita, with
out a skip, closed it out in 2:17, 2:ISVj,
Gaff Topsail and Harry Ramon being the
chief contenders. Resort quit like a dog
in the stretch. The. Los Angeles contin
gent played Lolita for quite a nice win
i ning, she having stepped work-outs hand
! ily in 2:l7>>. and being exceedingly level
i headed. Gaff Topstai] went a grand race,
and in the, hopples races far steadier than
otherwise. He is a four-year-old and with
age will be quite a pacer.
Silver Queen went an honest mile in
2:21, trotting from nowhere and beating
Favor where they pay off. She can beat
! 2:20 her next race, sure. President Knight
took a day off, so did not see her splen
did performance. She and Favor were at
even money, and all there were of any
account in it, *a Lottie easily outfinished
Mr-nlo Belle for show money.
Hijo del Diablo handily disposed of the
special for named pacers, in 2:16, away
be..md his record— 2:llVi. F W got the
place over Delphi. Rex Alto was not on
his good behavior, and finished last, in
the dust. Hljo del Diablo and F "W were
each held at 6 to 5 by the pencil wfc . !
era, Rex at 2 and Delphi 10— he might as
well have been at 100, for he cannot class
with any of the others at present. They
stepped away at a 2:10 clip, but the last
quarter was only :36, showing how easy
It waa for NelsotfH big horse.
Sullivan won the 2:17 trot with Colonel
Henshaw't handsome bay gelding <uir
Jiick in -:17',. trotting a very pretty mile.
Hi- was favorite at 1 to 2 over the field —
May B, Bilver Ring find Myrtle Thorne.
The latter went a grand heat and linished
dose up. Our Jack stepped away to the
half in l:o7'j. He was backed heavily, as
it looked a sure victory for him over that
field. In the auctions rr was Jack 5, field
3, and the most of the betting went that
way.
To-day's card promises grand sport, and
some surprises will doubtless be enacted.
.Among the starters are some new to the
game, which have been stepping the track
in Grand Circuit style of late. The book
makers lost considerable money, as at the
quotations the favorites are played hard,
but then their day always comes, and to
day's winners look to be uncertain and the
"wise" money is very apt to get a tum
ble. The starting is the best ever wit
nessed in California, and patrons are cer
tain to make the 5:30 boat yet see a great
deal of racing.
It should be remembered that ladies are
cordially Invited to become the guests of
the association and will enjoy the enliven
ing scenes beyond a doubt.
Summaries:
FIRST RACE.
Special for named pacers, one mile dash:
HIM del Diablo, b. h. by Diablo (J. M.
Nelson) 1
F \V, eh. g. by Dorsoy's Nephew (John
Gordon) 2
Delphi, blk. h. by Director (W. Donathan).. 3
Rex Alto also started.
Tlme-:o2'u, 1:07, 1:40, 2:16.
H'ttlntr: Auctions— Field $7, F "W $5. Books
— Hiio del Diablo and F W 6 to 5 each. Delphi
10, Rex Alto 2.
SECOND RACE.
2:20 class, special, trotting, one mile dash:
Silver Queen, b. tn. by Silver King (W. Hog
ohoom) 1
Kav,,r. eh. (. by Daly (W. S. Clark) 2
Lottie, br. m. by O-pid (James Sullivan).... 3
Mphlo Uelle also started.
Time— :36, 1:10. 1:44. 2:21.
Betting: Auctions— Field $S, Favor $3. Books
—Silver Queen even, Fuvor even, Lottie 2, Men
lo Belle 4.
THIRD RACE.
2:30 class, pacinir, one mile heats, 2 in 3:
Lollta, blk. m. by Sidney (J. 8r00k5).. 2 1 1
Resort, br. g. by Hawthorn (W. Dona
tlian) 1 4 4
Hurry Ramon, b. g. by Ramon (C. A.
Owen) 4 S 2
Guff Topsail, eh. h. by Diablo (J. L.
Smith) 6 8 3 i
Lady !l;irsaret, b. m. by Star Sultan
( W. Durf ee) 3 5Dr
Roderick, b. g. by General Benton (C.
Crippen) ,5 Dis
Llndo, blk. m. by Btrath%vay (H. Hell
man) 7 Dis
Captain Hnckett, b. g. by Steinway
(Jamoa Kulllvnn) 8 Dis
Time First beat— :B2H, 1:0^4, l:4lVi. 2:16.
Second heat— :33, 1:06%, I:^2, 2:17.
Third heat— :3s. 1:88, i:44\fc 2:lS'^.
Hctting: Book*— First heat. Resort even,
Lollta 3, Lady Marsaret 5 to 2. Harry Ramon,
Roderick. Gaff Topsail, Ltndo, Captain Hackett
10 each. Second heat— Lolita 4 to 6, GafC Top
pul 1 10. Harry Ramon S, Resort even, Lady
Margaret 4. Captain Hackett, Roderick and
Lindo K« each. Third heat— Loll ta 1 to 3, Re
sort even, Harry Ramon 2. Gaff Topsail 3 to s.
Auctions— Resort $10, field $8. After first heat-
Field $10. Resort $S. After second heat— LollU
$10, Field $5.
FOUHTH RACE." ■ ■
2:18 class, trotting, mile dash.
Mamie Grlffln, blk. m. . by Blackbird (Jatnea
; Sullivan) .......;...;..l
Toggles, br. g.. by Strathway (C. E. Clark). ..3
Clay S, b. h.. by Grover Clay (C. Rodriguez).. 3
Monterey also started.
• - Time.. 1:06Vi— 1:39U— 2:12. . . li-
Bettlns::. Auctions— Field 56, Toggles $10.
Books— Mamie Griffln 3, Toggles, 1 to 2, Clay S
even, Monterey 2. _____
FIFTH RACE.
2:17 class, special, trotting, mil? dash.
Our Jack, b. g., by Steinway tJames Sulli
van) 1
Myrtle Thorn, b. m., by Grandiasimo (W.
Donathan) 2
Silver King, b. m., by Stiver Bow (P. J. Wil
liams) 3
May B alfo started.
Time. :33»i— 1:07H— 1:42— 2:17>4.
Betting: Auctions— Our Jack $10. field $6.
Books— Our Jack 1 to 2, Myrtle Thorn 5 to 2.
Silver Ring 2, May B 2.
TO-DAY' S ENTRIES.
First race, 2:19 class, trotting, mile dash —
C. F. Bunch's Iran Alto, C. Hellman's Ned
Thome, James Sullivan's Dr. J, F. J. Vetter's
Lou, E. P. Heald's Myrtle Thorne.
Second race, 2:18 class, pacing, mile dash—
W. Masten's Dictatus, W. S. Maben's Wm.
Baker. C. Hurburt's Fttz Aymon, \V. Mizner's
Butcher Boy. E. P. Heald's Chafi. David, A.
Cohen's Much Better, J. B. Iverson'B Dtcta
trpss. J. O'Kane's Peanuts, John Baker's
Boaohwood.
Third race, 2:25 class, pacing-, mile heats, two
In three— E. C. Gabriel's Mark H. E. A. Fal
vey's Resort, J. M. Nelson's Roj'al Sid, \V.
Masten's Abdlne, A. S. Cohen's Much Better,
's Majella B.
Fourth race, special, mile dash — C. A. Hug's
Mojave, \V. Durfee's Mamie Riley, C. F.
Bunch's Thompson, George E. Shaw's May B.
Fifth race, speelal for named horses, mile
dash— George E. Shaw's M«nlo Belle, E. P.
Heald's Pilot McLellan. C. B. Clark"3 Lister
lne. C. A. Owen's Nellie Bly.
Anna Taylor's Will.
The Supreme Court has upheld the de
cision of the lower court in the contested
will case of Anna Taylor. The action and
appeal were hot based upon the usual
grounds of fraud or that the deceased was
of unsound mind and did not comprehend
what she did when making the will, but
that the execution of the will was not
sufficiently proved. The document was
made over twelve years ago, and one of
the witnesses, named Heard, only remem
bered that he was present when the sev
eral signatures were affixed, many
of the incidents having slipped from his
mind. The higher court decided that the
failure of one witness to remember all
that took place on a certain occasion was
not sufficient to invalidate the will.
Postoffice Telephones.
A private telephone system is being put
in the Federal buildings, which will con
nect the offices of the Postofflce Inspect
ors, Postmaster General. General Post
office and Railway Mall Service.
X^k, Dr. Oibbon's Dispensary,
/T»rrrtJra 625 KEAEXY ST. Established
R^rltl ln l <>* foT the treatment of t'rlvute
sr A_*J^- • I-'*?)! D'seßses, Lost Mauhood. ]).-i>i;ity or
W(s*&iri*9 f iiseaso wearing on bodyundmiini and
kSHHs^H ;; ' kln I)I»PaSfS. Thedoctorcureswhen
iS^KXiilyJ others fuil. Try htm. Charges low.
"■■*. _t* - K*'ur«-»icnar:»nl«-ed. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. r. UIBBUK. Box l»S7,San Francisco.
OCEAJT TB.JLY&T*
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
hpk Steamers leave Broadway
'rVv. wharf, San Francisco.
L : Tr^w For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
: S BPi-jßifc. Ju 'y 5 ' 10 - 15 - 20 L '3 ' 30: Au ust
t!w\ hsy\ X'i 4, transfer at Seattle.
' iSsvS^ TOkl For Alaskan ports (from
4 feSftKW'4'Vill Folsom-street wharf). 10 a. m.,
1 ' July 17, August 4. 25, transfer
i*i»ißii^i *i»iBii^ at Portland. Or.
For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
C). Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, , Everett,
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
!rn July 6 10 lof 20, 25. 30. August 4. and every
: flfth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
: Ry , at Taeoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver
i W For 'Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
July 1. 7 13, 19. 25. 31. August 6, and every
Bl For d iLta ei Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gavlota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. July 4, 8, 12. 16. 20, 24. 28,
August 1. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), U
am. July 2. 6. 10. 14. 18, 22, 26. 30, August 3.
and every fourth day thereafter. -"-.;*
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Joae del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lla and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., July 17.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
I without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hour? of naillne.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace HotelV
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
•NBPATCH FAST BTBAMERB TO
F O Pt T JL, -A. 3ST ID
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $>2 First Class Including BertS
InliL S8 Second Class and Meala.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
' Columbia ....July 2. 10, IS, 26
I State of California July 6, 14, 22. 30
! St. Paul $16 00 St. Louis ........$32 00
Kansas City 26 00 Chicago 87 50
Omaha Jfi 00 New York 31 0«
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market at.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
. Superintendents.
Gompaple Generals Transatlantiqeo.
Frenoti Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new). 42 North f TTirrr
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers iTir"*>
by this line avoid both transit by^*** 3 * 3
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, $160;
pecond class, $116. '.■."*:
NORMAKDXB .;.:;.... July 16. 10 a. m.
LA BKETAGNB July 23, 10 a.m.
LA GAPCOGNE: .'...: July 30, 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNB Aug. 6, 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE Aug. 13, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent.
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUOAZI & CO., Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
DIRECT TO PARIS, LONDON, HAMBURO,
F. Bismarck July 28 F. Bismarck.. August 25
A. Victoria... August 11 I A. Victoria Sept. S
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICa
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
; Pretoria July 9|Phoenicia July 30
Patrla July 16|Pennsylvanla...Aug. 6
Hamburg-American Line, 37 Broadway N T
HERZOG & CO., General Agents Paclflo Coast."
I 401 California st., oor> Sansome, San Francisco.
I■' — .
P9BBPfR!£9O The S. S. ALAMEDA
la£SSa'9"iiß& sa!!3 vla Honolulu and
iTSa B "" W Auckland for Sydney
B >^ Wednesday, July 13, at
G±s L* 10 P- m 'to COOLOAR-
nilDifilSniD^ Llne t0 COOLGAR-
DIE - Australia, and
(OolB3lZi}* CAPE TOWN, South
\^iii£rfvii*^ Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market st.. San Francisco.
FOR 0. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montieello."
Mon., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and 5at..;......,
9:45 k. m.. 8:15 p. m. <S:3O p. m. ex. Thar*.)
: Fridays ...1 p. m. and 8:30 p. ra.
Bunday* 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. ra.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pltr I.
Telephone Red 224 L
BAELBOAD^^ TBAVEL. ■■■■, ~~
Santa Fe Route
TffJß BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Cvery Day Pullman Polace 6locpln& Cars
and Pollman Tourist Sleeping Cap*
Run on tne Following Time i
jLeare San Francisoo.4.-30 p. m., S. M.T.W.T.P.B.
ULrrtve Denver.. ......5:00 p. m., W.T.y.B.S.M.T.
UtHt» Kansas Cltjr..7:oo a. m.. T.P.8.8.M.T.W.
iArrlve St. L0«U5.....6715 p. m.. T.F.5.3.M.T.W.
[ .Arrive Chicago 8:00 p. m.. T.F.&S.M.T.W.
MARVEY»B DINING-ROOMS
C.rvo ♦Superior Meal« at Ve»y Keasoo-
ab!e Rates.
■YOU WILL BE QOMFQRTAffLfi
If You Travel on the Santa Po.
unuuiscD TICKET QFFIC£ — 828 ST.
I Chronicle BuiMlng. T«lophon« Main i 5».
! Oakland Offioo— lllB Broadway.
Saoramanto Offloa— 801 / Strait.
Saa Jo3e Offioa— 7 Waat Santa Ckr* Si.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQIHB
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. •
From June 1, iM»s, trainu will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound. .
Passen- Mixed, Mixed, Passen-
• ger, Sunday Sta- Sunday ger.
Daily.' Exc'pted : tlons. Exc'pted Dally.
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 p m 6:40 pm
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced ! 12:50 p m .3:53 p m
10:40 am 3:sopm Fresno' 9:30 a 2:2opm
11:35 am 6:45 p m Hanford 7:45 am 1:25 pm
2:45 p m 11:50 p m Bk'rsfld 2:30 a 10:15 a m
12:05 pm 7:50 pm Visalia 6:40 a m|12:55 p m
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
. Connections— Stockton with ; steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 6
p. m. daily, at Merced with stages to and
from Snellings, Coultervllle, Yosemite, etc.;
also with stage from Hornitos, Maripoaa, etc :
at Lankershim , with stage to and from Madera.
" MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILm"
(Via Sausailtu Ferry.)
Leave San ; Francisco, commencing May L
1898: - .- - - • ...--,,,
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 and 6:15 p. m.
Sundays— 9:00. 10:00, 11:80 a. m., 1:45 and
1:30 p. m. - "^"rtaii ii')iii l yi|j.wr' ' '
July 4th, 1898, trains will run on Sunday tlma
Round trip from Mill Valley, fl.
THOS. COOK ft SON, Agent*. Ol Market
street, San Francisco.
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION SALE!
AT OCCIDENTAL HORSE MARKET,
721 HOWARD ST.
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY ...JULY 12. 11 a. m..
We will sell 20 Head of WELL-BROKEN '
COUNTRY HORSES; ALSO WAGONS.
CARTS, HARNESS, etc.
A. F. ROOKER, Livestock Auctioneer.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE
— AT — £&*
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET.
827 SIXTH STREET.
WEDNESDAY. July 13, 1898.
At 11 O'clock.
By Order of the Probate Court
We will sell at public auction property belongw
ing to the estate of the late J. C. TRAVER,
consisting of 9 horses, 2 hacks, 7 buggies and
10 sets of harness, formerly used by the Bo-
dine Stable.
No reserve or limit. ■ ■_■;. -..
SULLIVAN & DOYLE,
, Livestock Auctioneers.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
AUCTIONEERS,
31-33 SUTTER STREET.
Telephone Main 51SL
RECEIVERS' SALE.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY July 14 and. 15 .
ommenclnK each day at 10 o'clock a. m. wa
will sell at the store formerly occupied by the
HOME SUPPLY CO., 217, 219, 221 DRUMM ST.
The entire stock of Groceries, Hardware, Wil- .
low and Woodenware, Klondike Outfits, Office
Furniture, etc.
ICTFnr particulars see Chronicle.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO., Auctioneers.
31 and 33 Sutter st.
' BAILBOAD TRAVEL"
- .tUllllbUi r.»*ini: (O.lll'AJiT.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Tr«ln« Irnvi' nucl in-f <ln« to arrive a*
MAN FKANCIM'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
lsave — Frox July 10, 1898. — . akrtv*
*6:OOa Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... *S:43a.
7:OOa Benicia, tiuisun and Sacr»mento.... 10:43 a
?:UOa MarysriUe, Uro?illeuid Redding via
Woodland 5:45p
7:00 a Elmira, Vac&ville and Bumsey 8:45p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, V&llejo. Napa,
i. OalistogK aud Santa Rosa 6>lsp
8:WOa Atlantic Express, Ogdtm aud Kast.. S:4!>p .
»i:««a Ban Jose, Stockton, Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, MmysTille,
Chioo, Tehama aud tte.l 81uff. ... 4«l»p
»:3Oa Feters, Oakdale and Jamestown. . . . 7:lAp
*H:3«A MiltOß »7slsp
Usooa New Orleans Kxpress. Meroed, Fres-
no, BakersOold. Santa iiartiara,
1.../S Angeles, Deming, El Faso,
New OrUatis and East fl>43p
1O:OAa Yallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:43p
. •l:OOp Sacramento Kiver Stewuers i "BiOOp
Sau Jose, Nlles and Way Stations... J9:l3a.
' S:OOr Lirennore, Mendota, Hanford and ►— ■
Visalia 4jl3p .
Llvermore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations JloaSA
4iOOp Martinez. Han ltamon, _■ Vallejo,
Napa, Caliatoga, Xl Verano aud
Santa llosa O»ia*
4ioop Benicia, VacavUle, Woodl»nd,
Kuights Landing, Marrsville, Oro- '
Tilic aud Sacrutneiito 10:43 a
4:30p Nilea, San Joae, Tracy and Stockton 7i 1 5p
4:30p Stockton andLodi. 18ilSl>
4:30p Lathrop, Modesto, Meroed. Fresno,
llojave. Santa Barbara and l.os
Anceles..... 7i«sa
4:30r Martinez. Merced (Eaymond for
Yosemite) and Fresno 18:13p
4<Kor Santa Va Koute. Atlautfo Uxprees
forMojavoaud Kast 6i43p
0:O»p Kuronean Mail, Ogden and ICast.... 9:45 a
•9:OOp Vallejo 155:13p
6:OOp l!av»«rda. Nilee and San Jose 7:45 a
17>«Op Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Bta-
tions J3:43p
SiOOp Oregon Kxprera, Sacramento, Marys-
vllle, lleaaiiiK, Portland. Puget ■
Sound and Kast BiirU
SA.V LKAM>U() AM) HAVWAUDS LOCAL. •
(Foot ot Market Street.)
"1 JlelroNf, Si-uiiimrr P»rk. ( 7:15 a
**%*l Fitchbnrg, Elmnarst, *««£*
looOa San Leandro, South Saa »•««*
ill:oot I Lean-Iro, Kstu.llllo, Ji;|>
I ti»iooM ' Lorento, therry • ti:43p
i3:OOp and Jiirl.^i-
3:00p Haynards. |3:43p
7toop i Runs through to Niles. 7t43p
J t From Nlles. ■ \
" COAST DIVISION (Narrow Gauge).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
27:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cmx
and Principal Way Stations }BtO3p
S:lSa Neirark.Centerrille.SanJobe.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3:3 Oi>
•2:15p Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Feltou, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations MO^Oa
4:1 5p San Jose, Glenwood k Way Stations 9:20 a
a4:!3p Boulder Creek and SaDta Cnu jtfiB«A.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom SIR miiCISCO— Foot of Market Str««t (Slip 8)— :
•7:15 . 9:00 11:00*. }l:00 . *2:00 13:00
•4:00 t5:00 *6:00 p.m.
from OiIUHD— of Bro»dwij.— *6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tl2:00 *l:00 J2:00 »3:00 tl:00 . *B:00P.W.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townsend Sta.)
*7:00 a Sau Jose and Way Stations (New
- Aluiaden Wednesdays only) l:3Op
27:30 a Sunday Excursion for Saa Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific GroTe and
Principal Way StaOons t*>S3p
9iOOa Hau .fuse, Tres Piuos, Santa Cruz.
Pad lie Grove, Paso Robles, San
Luis Obispo. Guadalupe, Surf aud
Principal Way .SUtious 4ilop
IO:4«a Sau .lose aud Way Stations *8:flOA
I1:3Oa San Jose aud Way Stations *Si3sa
*2i43p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Sau .lose,
Gllroy, Hollister, Santa Cruz, j
Salinas, . Mouterey aud Pacitic - - i
Grove *I0:38a
•3:30p San Jose and Way Stations ofliOOA
•4:15p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•3:OOp San Jos« and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
■ st:iOp Sau Josa aud Principal Way Stations 3:30p ;
•:!tOp San Jose WayStatious 7:SOp
f11:45p San Joseand Way Stations 7«30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
i * Sundays exceptad. 2 Sundays only, ♦ Saturdays only
/ Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
UN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TUmuvo P»nr*. F«ot *t Mwlurt Mb
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEi.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m. 12:35,-
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, J:«».
6:00, 6:20 p. m. ""•
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. .
"WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 11:45..
S:4O, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:65 p. m. and 6:35 p. m. ~.y:
SUNDAYS— S:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between Eae Francisco and Schuetxen Park
same schedule as above. ' •
Leave '. . Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect Sac Francisco.
— . June 29, ■ ■
Week I Sun- IS9S. . Sun- I Week .
Days. I days. | Destlna tion. daye. I Days.
7:30 ami 3:00 am Novato,' 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pro! 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm! 6:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
J ] Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
. ] Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserviile,
8:30 pm| 8:00 am Cloverdale. ] 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:3u am Hopland andl 10:25 am
8:30 pni[ 8:00 am ■ Ulclah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:Soam : HH — ■ - ■• ■ 7 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm) - - 6:22 P m
7:3u axn 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4u am
J and ■
6:10 pmf 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 8:22 pm
7:3FarnTT:66 am] Sebastopol. 110:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm | 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Roaa for Marls West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
Berville for Skaggs Sprinee; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.'
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda . Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Lierley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights.'
Hullville. Booneville, Orr*B Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday - to Monday round-trip ticket* at
reduced rates. ■
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. "
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st.,Chronlcl»> WiJb.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RTAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
;" ' Via Snusalito Ferry.
From, San Francisco, commencing May L IS9SL
WEEK DATS. -,-*kV.*TT
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •8:00.
•9:30.11:00 a.: m.; n;45. 8:20, 4:00, 6:15. •6:Utf.
6:80 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Monday*.
Wednesdays. Saturdays and - Sundays at U:24
p. m. '
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •B:oo, «9:00.
•10:00, 11:00. 11:30 a. m. ; 1:00. »1:45, »2:30, '4:00.
6:30. 6:46 p. m. :
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
. 6:30 p. m. does, not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked i • run to San Quentln. . .
. THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way ■tana.
t:2O p. m. — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:15 p. m. week daya (Sat. ex.)— Tomalea and
way stations. -
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way station*.
1:45 d. m. Sundayi— Point Reyes and w«jr ita'aa.
910
GOOD PLAYS
PRESENTED
"Faust" at the Alcazar a
Big Success.
"ROMANY RYE" MAKES A HIT
i
A LAUGHABLE COMEDY AT' THE
COLUMBIA.
"Lost— 24 Hours" Is Bright and
Funny — More Star Acts
Given at the
Orpheum.
The Frawley company presented a Jol
ly and entertaining comedy drama at the
Columbia last night— one that will not
only make many friends for those in the
cist, but should bring satisfactory re
turns to the box office. The dialogue is
bright, on the up-to-dato order, the sit
uations comical and these features, com
bined with good acting, constitute a rich
producer of good, wholesome, hearty
laughter. This being the mission of
"Lost— Twenty-four Hours," the fact that
the plot is not new does not matter. The
familiar subject of the troubles of a
young married man who takes advantage
of the absence of his wife to get dread
fully drunk and lose a day by over-sleep
ing is handled in such a clever and origi
nal manner as to make it decidedly ac
ceptable. The lirst two acts are solid
fun and there is no wasted time In the
matter of promoting hilarity in the au
dience. The last act drugged somewhat
last night, but will be all right with a lit
tle more adjustment and rapidity of ac
tion. The plot of the play was given in
these columns on Sunday. The trouble
In the story all arises from the acquisi
tion of that remarkable condition of in
ebriety, the Incidents following In a
natural manner.
The part of Dick Swift, the husband,
who is one of the most gifted liars on
earth, is played by Edward Hell, and it is
by far the best thing he has done since
the opening of the Beason. He is to De
congratulated on his success, for the char
acter was as carefully and correctly
drawn as could well be done, for he cer
tainly brings out all the fun there is in
the Tines and situations. His work la«
night will advance him greatly in the es
tixnation of the patrons of the Columbia
The same remarks apply to the acting o
Madeline IJouton in the part of -Mrs
Dacre. the dashing young "widow" o
questionable morals, who causes all th
regrets. She was handsome and charm
Ing, throwing animation into her worl
that called for generous and well-des. iv.
approbation. As the Puritanical brothe
of the bad young husband— one whos
high resolves were not proof against th
lures of a pretty face— Louis Payne car
ried off a large share of the honors. Th
difficult and negative part was done to a
turn and showed the possession of th
right kind of talent. Sam Edwards
Frenchman was constructed on funn>
lines, but would be improved if he woul<
Ft irk to his accent. Fanchon Campbell a
the confiding little wife was very lovable
and Cora Tinnif cleverly delineated a cap
tlvating and w.'il-instructed housemaid for
a man in Swift's fix. Lucille La Verne in
the character of an ancient matron labor
ing In the Lord's vineyard was quite at
home, and Miss Winter as her daughter
does her small part, particularly lu-r at
tempta at skirt dancing and high kicking.
cleverly. Anybody In search of a two
hours' laugh neea hunt no further than
thf Columbia.
The curtain-raiser. "The Littlest Girl,"
1? a pathetic short sketch, glv^n as a rel
ish for the comedy that follows. It Is from
R'.ehard Hnrdlng Davis* Van Bibber
Stories, the two principal speaking parts
being taken by T. Daniel Frawley as Van
Bibber and Theodore Roberts as Caruth
ers. The character fits Mr. Frawley com
fortably and thi> desired sympathies of the.
audience are gained, but Mr. Roberts
could greatly improve on the finale, when
he acknowledges his discarded child, by
displacing some emotion, as a father
should in such a situation.
The play g ■►•s for th« week and ought to
hfive a successful run.
At the Alcazar.
Seldom, If ever, has such a wildly en
thusiastic audience assembled within the
walls of the Alcazar as the one lnst
night. Lewis Morrison, during his mag
nificent Impersonation of his Satanic Ma
jesty in Goethe's masterpiece of "Faust,"
met not with one ovation but a series
of them, and at the close of each act
he was several times called before thw
curtain. His conception of the part has
lost none of its villrity or brilliancy, but
if such a thing were possible time ha»
improved it. Florence Roberts was ;in
Ideal Marguerite and shar^'l with hei
husband the honors of the evening. At
the close of the second act she was pre
sented with a beautiful bouquet of mar
guerites. In the death scene she was
simply superb. Frank Denithorno was
disappointing as Faust. He seemed all
through to be conscious of the fact that
he was overweighted in the part, which
marred his performance. In the garden
scene he was too tragic for a lover, anrt
in other scenes he was lacking in natur
alness. He has certain mannerisms that
he should study to get rid of. George
Foster Platt gave a clever Interpretation
of Valentine. ;md Mrs. F. M. Putts wa»
in her element as Martha. The other parts
were well sustained. The piece is well
mounted.
Grand Opera-House.
After an absenco of several years, "The
Romany Rye" has made its reappearance
at Moroscos Grand Opera-houHe. The.
cast Is strong, and for the linn night the
members held to their parts with remark
able smoothness. Janus M. Brophy. as
the Romany Rye, performed his part well,
and won the applause of the audience.'
The leading lady was Miss Maud Edna.
I lull, in the character of Gertie lleckett,
which she sustained with ease and tact'
Julia Wane played a double part Miss
Adrlen and that of Mother Shipton and
in the latter a more vicious old hag 'could
not be found in seven counties. She came
in for much applause in the cellar scene.
The audience w.u* not aware how near
its evening's amusement came to being
spoiled. Landers Stevens took the part of
Philip Royston, the gentleman villain and
so hard did he work to fullill this char
acter that at the end of the third act he
foil in a faint from heart trouble induced
by overexertlon. It was with difficulty
that he whs revived sufficiently to go on
when the curtain went up again. No one
observed that there was anything wrong
but the effort to carry out the character
during the most trying scenes at the con
clusion was a terrible strain upon him
but he succeeded.
The scenery la all new. and several
splendid effects were brought out The
scene of the gypsy camp is a living pic
ture. The moonlight scene on the Thames,
•with London in the distance. Is equally
meritorious. Probably the most striking
scene is that of the shipwreck, in which
the entire space of the big stage is util
ized. It is grand and well worth seeing,
as is the entire production. "Captain
Impudence" comes on next week.
The Tivoli.
Yon Suppe's ever-popular and tuneful
opera, "Futlnitza," was presented at th»
Tivoli last evening, after an Interval of
nearly three years, and was much enjoyed
by the large audience which listened to
the familiar and catchy music. With new
scenery, new costumes and new faces, the
revival of the opera was a brilliant one.
The sweet voice of Elvla Crox Seubrooke
was heard to advantage in the role of
Lieutenant Vladimir Samailoff, the maa
querading and prankish young officer.
The clever and vivacious singer played
the part with vim and a proper Interpre
tation, winning much applause. Miss
Helen Merrill shows constant improve
ment. As the romantic and beautiful
Prlncesß Lydia she adapted herself to the
part. Her singing of the duet with Miss
Seabrooko in the harem scene was ex
ecuted with taste and feeling.
Edwin Stevens seems to adapt himself
to a difmifled role with as much ease as
he would a comic one. Although the part
of General Kantchukoff demands gruff
ness and an Imperious bearing, the pop
ular comedian cannot resist showing his
humor, and he frequently causes laughter.
Branson is In his element as the New
York Herald correspondent. He acts the
role 'to perfection, and his methods of
getting news are ludicrous in the extreme-.
Although West, as the reformed Pu-sha,
has not much to do. what ho does is done
with neatness and ease. Harney Reynolds'
delineation of SttMpann, the old corporal,
created much laughter. The othe.r roles
are in good hands, and, all in all. the
opera is well rendered. Judging by last
night's audience and the appreciation
shown by it, the Tivoli should be well
filled during the remainder of the week.
At the Orpheum.
One of the very best all-round bills ever j
seen at the Orpheum Is on this week, j
There is more legitimate comedy than has j
been seen in that house on any bill be- I
fore. The one-act farce by Bert Coot and
Julie Kingsley and their support is a
clever comedy conceit, cleverly acted, j
well staged and bubbling over with fun
and humor. Bert Coot as tho young man j
whose chief characteristic is an aching ,
void where his brains ought to be, had a
part which he has ever made a success
of. He seems to catch the Idiosyncrasies
of the man who Is always laughing when .
he ought to mourn, and who cries when >
he ought to be mirthful, and he presents i
| them without overdoing. Miss Kingsley i
| as the woman who wants to win back her
estranged husband, and. falling, has it
out on 11 .Mr. Timid." clearly demonstrated I
her schooling in the legitimate. She makes
the most of even small things, which it» |
other hands would fall flat. Jules Kusel ,
and Kate Peal furnish good support to
I the two stars, the work of Mr. Kusel be
ing particularly aceptable. To miss Jos-,
eph Hart aud Carrie de Mar Is to miss one
of the besi acts of its kind the Orpheum ;
has ever presented. There Is nothing
boisterous about their work— Just good.
; clean-out comedy and songs that Interest
' and amuse. Of their songs, a duet, in
which they express the different ways va
rious nationalities have of saying "Good
■ by" and "Gpod night," was the best of
! their character hits, while Mr. Hart's
I "Jew" song is worth the price of admis- j
stun to hear. The pair make one of the
best vaudeville teams that has been seen
here, and they scored a h.i from start
to linlsh. Flour* tte is a dainty little piece ;
of femininity, -who can even make toe |
dancing appear artistic, and her back- j
1 bending is done with a grace that in no j
wise suggests the contortionist. Falke
and Semon have a new act that was a
h!t. Mrs. Alice Shaw and daughters are
; attractive. Others retained from last ;
! week are: Anna Caldwell. Charles
Wayne and Jones, Grant and Jones.
At the Chutes.
The Chutes Theater was crowded as
usual last evening and every number on
the programme was well received. Colby
and Way, the "ventriloquist and the danc
ing doll." made a hit, and Belle Williams,
who is styled the "Quaker City Coon- j
singing Cyclone," gave some brand new ;
. songs. The three Leandos, comedy acro
bats, do some clever work, and George
iH. Diamond, the author-vocalist, is a j
j favorite. A number of new animateu
> war and humorous pictures were shown.
I and Henri Maurice Cannon, the corpulent
1 Swiss, beamed upon hundreds of visitors.
! Great preparations are being made fop
the celebration of the Fall of the Bastile
on Thursday.
At the Olympia.
The Olympia Music Hall had its usual
crowded house. The hits scored were by
Ordway and Rand, the bicyclist and the
tramp, in a very funny act: Quizina, the
male La Lole, whose dancing Is equal to
that of a premier danseuse. Tony Ryan,
the mad musician, was as eccentric as
ever. Maude Rockwell and the Royce sla
ters are favorites.
FIRED A BULLET"
INTO HIS BRAIN
ATTEMPTED SUICIDE ,OF A
NEBRASKA YOUNG MAN.
George W. O'Brien Wanted to Die
Rather Than Go Oil Suffering
From Sciatica, Which Had
Crippled Him.
George W. O'Brien, a young man from
Fremont, Nebr. , attempted to commit
suicide yesterday afternoon in his room.
307 Golden Gate avenue. He lired a shot
at his head, und the bullet entered the
left eye, destroying It, and Is supposed to
have lodged in his brain.
O'Brien was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital in the patrol-wagon, and Dr. Fitz
gibbon probed for the bullet, but could not
definitely locate it. The chances of his
recovery are doubtful.
A dispatch was at once sent to his
father, Samuel O'Brien, who is a wealthy
farmer in Fremont, notifying him of his
son's condition and asking for instruc
tions.
O'Brien is 2S years of age and a boilor
maker, but he has hern a sufferer for
years from sciatica, which prevented him
from working. About six months ago his
father gave him $3XI, and be came here i
in the hope that the change of climate i
I would be beneficial to him, but he
worse, which made him despondent. While
i in bed yesterday afternoon he fired the
i Hhot that may cause his death. The owner
of the house ran for a doctor, and while
he was away O'Brien attempted to lire a
second shot.
He did not deny that he intended to
i commit suicide, but said it came nooner
1 than he expected. He thought the re
volver was not loaded, and was practicing
j aa to where to shoot himself when it
i went off.
NEW NATIONAL GUARD.
Governor Budd. States Some Facts
About Its Proposed
Reorganization.
Governor Budd has been devoting much
attention to the proposed reorganization '
of the National Guard, and his plans are I
about completed. Ho announced yester
day afternoon that the new guard would ]
constitute half the number of companies
! of the former guard and half the number
lof each company. This would be equlv
: alent to a quarter the number composing
1 the guard before the war.
"As to the officers for these new com- I
?anies," said he, "1 have not decided, but ]
will say that the officers of the com- j
; panics that were mustered out by me on I
, the former reorganization will be eligible >
i for positions in the new guard, as they
i are only regarded aa being temporarily
I on the retired list."
"How about the guardsmen who may
j return from Manila after the war Is
! over?" was asked.
"Well, 75 per cent of them will be taken
back into the ranks if they desire, and
there will be some proper arrangements
made as to officers returning from the
; Philippines. The distribution of the !
brigades will be determined upon the
return of General Dickinson, who is in the
. south now. obtaining data upon which to
base the brigade boundary lines. I can
' say, however, that San Francisco will
have, six companies, and the remainder
will be properly distributed, throughout
the State."
CURTIS STILL TESTIFYING.
The Railroad's Expert Spends An
other Day in Giving
Information.
The cross-examination of Engineer Cur
tis of the Southern Paciiic Company,
which is heinß pursued by Attorney Gen
eral Fitzgerald before Commissioner Hea
cock, draws its weary length along, and
no one seems to know when it will be
concluded. The witness shows signs of
the prolonged and tedious questioning
and answers the queries put to him
without an effort and In a monotonous
way.
Yesterday the Attorney General took
him over the coast road and examined
him on Its minutest details. He was
called upon to grive the weight of rails
used from this city to Tres Pinos, their
cost and probable length of life. Ho was
called upon to describe the kind of fences
used alonjc the line, the number of inches
In each board, whether they had a cap
ping; whether they were two or threu
barred and what they cost. He was ex
amined on the amount paid for grubbing
and clearing along the line; how much of
that class (if work done, and last, but not
least, he whs asked whether there were
any snowsheds along the route. To all
of which tho witness either answered or
stated that from his present recollection
he could not enlighten his questioner
without refreshing his recollection from
notes and profile maps and other infor
mation stored In his office, which ho
TITE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 12, 1898.
used in making his examination of the
.road to aid him in making his estimate.
.Attorney General Fitzgerald invited him
to bring those things into court, which
■was promised. Mr. Curtis called the At
torney General's attention to tho large
number of papers which he had brought
1n at his suggestion, but the latter only
made a hasty glance over them, telling
the witness he was not ready for .them
at present, but would notify him when
the maps and papers were needed.
Judge Hayne, who is assisting Judge
Pltzgerald in the examination of wit
nesses by suggestions and questions, lis
tens attentively to what is being said.
He generally breaks his silence by find
ing fault with the witness and Mr. Her
rin lends his protection. This occurs
lonce a day and relieves the monotony of
things. Railroad Commissioner Hinton
Is caught napping at times, but just the
•moment a question Is put that will aid
him in his examination of the witness In
future he is all attention.
It Is expected that the examination will
■be finished by August 24, on which date
Judge Beatty will begin the actual trial
of the long drawn out case.
Republican Club Reorganized.
The Young Men's Republican Cub of
the Thirtieth Assembly District was or
ganized last night at Oak Grove Hall, on
Harrison street. The following officers
were elected. President. George Dowllng;
vice-president, Peter Ennis; secretary,
Fred Cole; recording secretary, D.
O'Hara; treasurer, S. Well; sergeant ai
arms, James Hlggins. The following
gentlemen addressed the meeting: Colo
nel Inigan, James H. Cosgrovo. and Wil
liam Hill. Songs were sung by the old
favorite, Charles Hurly, and also by
Charles Murphy. Refreshments were
served and a general good time had.
Three cheers were given for Dr. Dewltt
and the Republican ticket.
Slim Registration.
Considering the importance attached to
the coming election In which the people
' will be called upon to select the officers
who will govern, not only this State, but
the city and county of San Francisco,
: the Interest that should bo manifested by
| the voters is larking. T*p to the present
! time something like 8000 voters have regls
! tered at the Registrar's oftlce in the City
! Hall, out of a possible 80,000 that will
claim the right to vote when the time
comes. This, as compared with the regis
tration two years ago. when from Ir.OO to
1800 were registered daily, causes Honi»
lack of interest taken now as compared
i wiiu uxa.l nine.
Registrar Biggy is unable to account for
this apparent lack of interest.
Berkeley's Water.
BERKEI.KY. July 11.— The Town Coun
cil this evening passed an ordinance ab
solutely prohibiting the use of the city
water for irrigation while the scarcity
exists. After the final passage of the or
dinance, which will be on Thursday, the
water company will be empowered to
shut off the supply of any householder
violating the ordinance.
The municipal water supply committee
reported progress and was voted $2500, to
be applied tn necessary tests. It Is pos
sible that the threatened drought may be
relieved by making connections with the
Alameda mains.
THREE SUBJECTS THAT
DEMAND ATTENTIO
Governor Black's Message to the New
York Legislature, in Extra
Session.
NEW YORK, July 11.— In his message
to the Legislature, which convened in
extra session to-day, Governor Black says
: there are three subjects demanding at
tention: First, an appropriation to meet
the expense of providing X»'W York's share
of troops required in the war with Spain;
. second, a plan to enable voters absent
I from their homes on military service to
i vote at the coming elections; third, a pro
i vision which will better protect citizens
who would vote according to law and
more certainly punish those who would
! vote otherwise.
ORIOLES GIVE THE
REDS A DRUBBING
NATIONAL. LEAGUE i STANDING.
Clubs— W. 1... Pet. | Clubs— W L.. Pet.
! Cincinnati ..4<> 25 .662 New York...Ss 34 .607
Boston 44 27 .620 Philadelphia 30 37 .448
Baltimore ...42 27 .601| Washinßton .19 41 .414
Cleveland ...42 2* .600 Brooklyn 27 41 .3*7
• Chicago 42 32 .st>S! Louisville ...23 49 .320
i PktßburK ...39 32 ,54't!st. Louis 23 E2 .307
WASHINGTON, July 11.— Tho Senators
played a sleepy game and wero easily
beaten by Chicago. Attendance ' 2500.
i Score:
Clubs— R H. E.
Washington 2 9 3
ChleaKO • 7 » 2
Batteries— Donavan and McGulre;
' Griffith and Donohue. Umpires— Swartwood
and Wood.
BALTIMORE, July 11.— Both teama
vied with each other to-day to make Um
£lre Snyder's life miserable. Pitcher
lammann was ordered off the grounds
and nearly every member of both clubs
was "threatened." Attendance 2514.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
i Baltimore 6 10 1
j Cincinnati 4 8 4
Batteries— McJames and Robinson; Dwyer
: and Vaughn. Umpires— Snyder and Connolly.
NEW YORK. July 11— The Brooklyns
i dropped a game to the Pittshurgs to-day
through the effective pitching of Tanne
hlll, who was backed up in good shape.
Attendance 1200. Score:
Clubs— R- II- E.
Brooklyn 2 10 2
Plttsburg 3 12 1
Batteries— Teager and Grim; TannehUl and
j Bowerman. Umpires— Gaffney and Brown.
PHILADELPHIA. July 11.—Philadel
phia easily defeated Cleveland to-day.
I The feature of the game was Douglass*
1 hitting, ho sending In five runs and scor
ing two himself. Attendance S3S4. Score:
i ante- R- H. E.
! Cleveland 3 8 1
' Philadelphia 9 10 o
Batteries— Wilson ami O'Connor; Fifleld and
McFarland. Umpires— Emslie and Hunt.
NEW YORK, July 11.— Davis' homer
sent two runs in ahead of him in the first
und three of the tallies In the second re
sulted from Taylor's bad throw to first
to catch a runner. Attendance 1000.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 10 11 4
St. Louis 4 ... 8 4
Batteries — Doheny and Grady: Taylor and
Clements. Umpires — Lynch and Andrews.
BOSTON. July 11.— It was a pitchers'
battle to-day, but Magee was a trille un
steady at times and Louisville lost. At
tendance 1800. Score: .-*■-.
Clubs— ....?• H. E.
Boston 5 8 0
Louisville • 16 3
Batteries — Lewhi and 1 Bergen; Magee and
Klttredge. Umpires— O 1 Day and McDonald.
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
IUTSINF.RS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market snfl Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock pvpry nlfrht in the year. : -. -.
15 RANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery Btreet,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock. '
SS7 Hayes street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock,
615 Larkln street; r>r-n until 9:SO o'clock.
JO4l Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market Btreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock. • / - -
lot Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2E2C Mission «treet; open until 9 o'clock.
irnri Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open Until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M.. ■
will m<>et THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- _/V.
IN<i July 1:. ill 7:30 o'clock. R. A. de- kL2v
Kree. By order of the H. P. /▼>
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lod«e No. 30, F. and a
• A. M.— Called meeting THIS (TUES- J*
DAY) EVENING, July 12, at T.3')^t3f
o'clock. First degree. ('V^
GEOHGE J. HOBE, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. IU, F. and A. m
■ M.— FirEt degree THIS (TUESDAY) JK
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. sf if
■ A. S. HUUBAItD, Secretary. /V\
ST. PATRICK'S Alliance of America— <^,^yr
The plcnli: oommltti-o will meet on V\\VJf
TUESDAY EVENING, July - 12. to iWM
complute arrangements for the picnic cfv/«
at Shell Mound Park, July 24. All »^E*
members of the committee are expected to
• be present.. Jt>ports will be made, by all
. nub committee* by the chairmen; on arrange-
. ments, ■J. B. CosßTave ; on ■ reception, Charles
L. Sheahan; on games, William J. Fitzgerald;
on order of dance and floor management,
William P. Collins; on prizes, the committee
as a whole. . JOHN GANEY, Secretary.
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued.^
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of The San Francisco
and San Joaquln Valley Hallway Company
will be held at the office of the company. No.
321 Market Bt., San Francisco, Cal., on TUES-
DAY, the ISth day of July. IS9B, at the hour
of 3 p. m., for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held tn the society's office at
the Animals' Home, Sixteenth and Alabama
stß.. on MONDAY. July 18. 1898, at 4 p. m.,
when a board of trustees for the ensuing year
will be elected.
C. n. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the following
orphan and half-orphan girls and boys have
been admitted to the San Francisco Protest-
ant Orphan Asylum, on Halght st., from
January 1 to July L 1S98: Alleen F. Wolf.
11H m: Margaret L. Wolf. 9^4 yrs; Hazel
I. Wolf, S yrs; Bella Obenauer, 12 yrs; Viola
Blanchard, 10 yrs; Leona Blanchard, 8 yrs;
Ethel M. Cheatham, 10H yrs; Margaret
Forbes. 10\ yrs; Ida D. Roper, 8 yrs: Rhoda
Wedde, 9 yrs; Ida Wedde, S yrs; Elizabeth
Meyer, 4 yrs; Margaret Meyer, t yrs; Mary
Fleming, 10 yrs; Carrie Loeffler, B*i yrs;
George L. Smith, 64 yrs; Arthur Smith. 12
yrs; Mark Smith, 8% yrs: Walter Smith, 7
yrs: Charles Fleming. 11H jn; Thomas
Forbes. 9 1-3 yrs; John A. Primus, SVs yrs;
Hugo G. Berg, 9 yrs: Vivian Berg, 7 >ts;
Charles Wedde, 3H yrs; Louis H. Fiest, 12H
yrs; Albert Fiest. 10 1-3 yrs; Leroy Flest, 7H
yrs; Orion Blanchard. 11 yrs, and Henry
Koenlcke, 3 yrs.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 6580.
ROOMS papered from $2 60; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d. !
MME. DE LA FONT; returned; 122 Post st.;
room 9. second floor front.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15H Turk ami 1118 Market, rms. 15-18.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans,
baths and massage, ills Market St., room 8.
MISS EMILY POTTER. 8654 Market st., room
12, opp. Baldwin: steam baths and massage.
CLARA NORDLINGER, alcohol baths and
mautge. 101 Eddy St.. room 12.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
DIVIDEND MniC-S.
DIVIDEND . •.otlce— The Nevada National Bank
of San Fran- — A dividend (No. 1) at the
rate of seven (7) per cent per annum has been
declared for the half year ending June SO,
payable on 15th inst.
Transfer books will b<» closed from 10th to
15th Inst., both days inclusive.
D. P>. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
San Francisco, July C, IS9B.
OFFICE of the Hlbernla Savings and Loan So-
ciety, cor. Market, McAllister and Jones Bts.
—San Francisco, June 29, 189S— At a regular
meeting of the Board of Directors of this so-
ciety, held this day, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three and three-flfths
(3 3-5) per cent per annum on all deposits for j
the six months ending June 30, IS3B, free from
all taxes, and payable on and after July 1,
ISC<S. ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment Of flee— First-class »e-
lect help. 535 Market rt. : phnn* Clay 130.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
REFINED German second girl desires situa-
tion; city or country; or as nurse; references.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse; $10 to $15; references.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
SWEDISH green girl wisheß place to assist In
housework, $8 to $10. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
GERMAN girl wishes to take care of children,
do second work or housework; $12 to $15; best
reference. MRS. NORTON. 31S Sutter St.;
telephone Green 721.
YOUNG strong woman wishes work by the
day; understands all kinds of work. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
SWEDISH houserlrl; rtrst-class cook and laun-
dress; 2 years last place. Apply MRS. NOR-
TON, Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau, 31S Sutter St.
LADIES— For a lirst-class servant see J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
i;ilcl,S of all nationalities with references
awaiting situations at MRS. HIRD'S Km-
ployment Office. 631 Larkln St.; tel. Sut-
ter i"2
SITUATION wanted for flrst-claea cook and
general house girl; highest references. 313
Bush st.
REFINED middle-aged German working house-
keeper wants situation; city or country. 2i9
Stevenson ist., bet. 3d and 4th, near Market.
SITUATION by middle-aged woman: good
cook; will do light housework: will work for
moderate wages; city or short distance in
country. Apply 10 Stockton place, oft Stock-
ton st., bet. Post and Sutler.
MIDDLE-AGED wuman will assist In nice
family; good plain cook; good references. Ad-
dress box 56, Call office.
WANTED— By a respectable young woman
with a child, a situation aa working house-
keeper; object good home; wages no object;
city or 'country. Address box 63, Call office.
NEW ENGLAND woman wishes a situation to
do general housework; city or country; good
flaln cook and laundress; wages $12 to $15.
206 Fifth st.
WOMAN wishes situation: thoroughly under-
stands cooking; all-around housekeeper; will-
Ing to do plain washing; wages $10; good ref-
erences. Address 924 Washington «t.
WANTED — By an American woman; work In
a small family; small wages. Box 166, Call.
BY refined young lady of practical business
education, position as office assistant, book-
keeping, correspondence, typewriting; wages
moderate; experience wanted; city references.
L. D., 413 O'Farrell et.
EXPERIENCED German nurse wishes a posi-
tion as Infant's nurse; city or country; wages
$20 to $25; best city references. 613H Halght.
FRENCH lady would like to go out by the day
mending or plain sewing; 60c a day and
meals. Address or call 282 Tenth st.
COLORED woman would like a position to do
general housework in city or country. Call at
141 Fifth Ft., cor. Natoma.
GERMAN girl wants situation In a baker store
or for general housework in a small family;
likes to sleep home. Please call 1623 Leaven-
worth st., near Broadway.
WANTED— Position as Invalid attendant;
would do light housework; references. G. M.,
box 2, Call office. Oakland.
TWO young girls want places to do general
housework and cooking; call In forenoon.
14u". Pacific aye.; have rei-renres.
LADY would do work by the day, except sew-
ing. Call or address C3l Goldon date aye.
TOUNQ Swedish woman, housework or secono
work; American family. Call 1225 Pierce st.
EXPERIENCED young woman wishes to do
nursing and housework; terms very reason-
able. Address 357 M; Minna et.
GOOD cook and laundress; will do housework;
competent wuman; kind to children or sick
people; references- 79 Jessie Bt., bet. First
and Second.
POSITION wanted by flrst-claBS German cook;
wages $30 month. Write or call 2005V4 O'Far-
roll st.
COMPETENT girl would like position to do
down stairs work and cooking or housework.
Call 3255 Twenty-second st., near Valencia.
EXPERIENCED young girl d. sires situation
to do general housework and plain cooking;
wages $20. Address M. X., 2526 Mission st.
WOMAN wants work by the day housecleaning
and washing. 1679 Fifteenth st.
EDUCATED lady wants position; companion
or nurse; musical; domesticated; small sal-
ary. Box 47, Call office.
POSITION wanted as housekeeper or will take
care of place during owner's absence; city or
country; good references. Call or address
816 Fourth aye., East Oakland.
COMPETENT, trustworthy person wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper or any position of trust;
good cook and seamstress. Address L. M. (
box 5, Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG viii wants general housework and
plain cooking. Pleuse call at 3647 Sacramento
St., corner of Spruce.
WOMAN wishes place to do light housework
or take care of children. Address 1105 Clay.
EXPERIENCED woman of 38 wishes situation
as housekeeper: Ik also an experienced nurso.
Address box 141, San Rafael.
GERMAN girl wishes situation in small fam-
ily; general housework; last place a yeuru.
Call 433 Twenty-ninth St., city.
YOUNG married woman wishes housework
and cooking In exchange for room .and board
for herself and husband. Box 31, Call.
RESPECTABLE lady wants to take charge of
a email rooming house In exchange for rent
free. Address box 86, Call office.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper for hotel,
rooming house or private family; would ac-
cept a place as governess; best of references.
Box 205, Call office.
YOUNG Swed'.Bh girl would like to do general
housework and plain cooking in a small fam-
ily. Call or address 30 Coso aye., between
Mission at and California aye.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
BY competent woman, position as cook. 1 Mar-
tha place, off Geary, bet. Mason and Taylor.
EXPERIENCED, colored nurse desires position
1» the city. £20 Geary st.
QUIET, refined young lady wishes situation
assisting elderly or Invalid lady or to do up-
stairs work. Please address MI3S PETER-
SON, 718 Myrtle St., Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States, postpaid, for $1 :0 a year.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
beEt help. 414H OFarrell St.; tel. East 426.
WANTED— Situation of any kind In a whole-
sale house or manufacturing establishment
where there Is a chance for promotion if
found worthy, by a well educated man of 34,
with the best of references and a member of
several secret orders; wages small to begin.
Address box 116, Call office.
MARRIED man with family wishes the entire
charge of ranch: thoroughly competent: wages
reasonable. Address M. C, box 10, Call of-
fice, Oakland.
GARDENER wants situation; middle aged; un-
derstands care and management horses, etc. ;
small wages; first-class city references. Gar-
dener, box 42, Call office.
RELIABLE young German, with good mercan-
tile experience, wishes situation; no salary
desired as yet, but a position for getting a
good English mercantile education. S. a box
to. Call office.
SINGLE man, handy around horses, also with
tools, desires any kind of position. Address
box 65, Call office.
WANTED— Situation as general man; Is good
vegetable gardener; understands horses, cows
and poultry; wages reasonable. Address J.
R. H., box 9. Call office, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS barber wishes steady work; city
or country. Box 171, Call office.
GOOD barber wishes a steady position In tho
city or country. Address J. C, box 45, Call.
WINEMAKER wants position and take charge
of the boarding house; married. Call or
write 4040 Twenty-fourth st.
YOUNG man aged 22 would like a position as
grocery clerk or driver for a delivery wagon;
be6t of references. Address box 63, Call.
YOUNG man, understands care of horses and
cows and general work about a place, de-
sires work: references if required. Address
box 54, Call office.
POSITION as assistant bookkeeper, stenograph-
er an* typewriter by a young man; first-class
references. Box 70, Call Office.
STEADY man wants situation to care for
hornet), carriages, lawn, garden; good refer-
ences. Box 73, Call office.
HOUSE, window and floor cleaning. Citizens'
Co., 204% Eddy st.
SITUATION wanted, German young man. In
private family: understands gardening, care
of horses, cows, chickens and general work
around the. place; country; willing and oblig-
ing. Address box 104, Call office.
JAPANESE honest hoy wants situation as
schoolboy; understands English very good;
wages no object. S. W.. IS Mary st.
JAPANESE student wants place to work in
city or Berkeley. Y. S., 1706 Devisadero et.
RELIABLE man with best of recommendations
would like position in retail or wholesale
house, where there Is a chance for advance-
ment; speaks German and English. Box 888,
Call.
SITUATION wanted by first-class cheese-
maker or foreman of dairy and ranch. Box
237, Call offire.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; frea
'bus anil baggage to ar.rt from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
COOK, $30, country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st.
2 WAITRESSES, Vallejo, $20 each; 2 walt-
roFses. Woodland $20 each. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl. Martinez, $15. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
YOUNG German nurse. $10 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Gutter st.
woman with a child, $10. miss cullen"
325 Suttf»r Bt.
2 WAITRESSES, city, same house, $20 each.
MISS CULLEN. 825 Sutter st.
FRENCH maid, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut^
ter Bt.
GERMAN or French nursery governess, $25.
MISS ITU.KN-. 325 Sutter Bt.
NURSE girl. Bleep home, $12. MISS CULLEN^
325 Sutter St.
AN arm waitress, city hotel, $20. MISS CUL-
I.I.X, 7.2.', Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress. Port Costa,
$20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
COOK and second girl, country, $20 and $30.
MIPS CULLEW, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, $12. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
CooK. $30; hnuseglrl, 2 In family, $25; second
girl. $20; German nurseglrl, $12. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st.
GERMAN housekeeper. $l. r >; German second
girl. $15: German nurseglrl, $20. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter St.
I IRISH housegirl. $25; 2 Irish housegirls. «0
each; colored woman. Institution. $l">; middle-
I age,] wrnian, country, $2H; housegirl. San
Rafael, $2f>; jroooK girl to assist. $10; house-
girl, 2 In family, $15; chambermaid. $15; wait-
ress. $15: 2 cooks, $25. -MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter Bt.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 104 Geary" et.
WANTED TO-DAY.
2 first-class waitresses, Santa Cruz $20
2 waitresses, Kartlett Springs, free fare $20
2 waitresses. Pacific Grove $20
1 waitress, 1 chambermaid anil wait, each $20.
for commercial hotel, se.» party here 9 a. m.;
3 waitresses, commercial hotels, steady placo.
$20; restaurant cook, country, $25 and free
fare; 20 housegirls, city and country. $1"> to
$25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
SECOND girl, a short distance, $25; second
girl. city. $20; German. Scandinavian or col-
ored cook, 2 In family, $25, see party here; 8
waitresses, and oh:unberma!rl!«. $£[> ami $22 60,
in hotels, resorts and restaurants; 2 cooks,
email resorts, $20; laundress, small hotel, $20,
and girls for housework. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 316 Sutter Ft.
OFFICE clerks, Falesladles, cnshlers, bookkeep-
ers, housekeepers, shop and store help find
paying positions at 313 Bußh st.
25 GIRI*S for hotels, restaurants and private
families, at once. 313 Bush st.
WAITRESS: country hotel; $20. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kearny Bt.
YOUNG girl to take care of baby. Apply 1620
Geary st.
GIRL for light housework. 2524 Clay st.
GIRL from 14 to 16 for light housework. 710
Franklin st.
WANTED— A girl for general housework. 2634
11. ward Bt.
WANTED— Apprentice on vests. Call 545 Mar-
ket 6t., room 9.
WANTED — German girl for general housework.
Call at 1322 Masonic aye. (Haight-st. car).
WANTED— Good Ironer to wash and iron
Wednesday of each week; $1 "5 per day. 119
Corbett aye.
YOUNG Protestant girl for general house-
work. 2612 Howard st.
GOOD French girl to take care of 2 children
after school hours and assist In housework;
must have references. 964 Jefferson St., Oak-
land.
WANTED— Hair dresser: one that is quick and
up to date. Call alter 7 p. in., 353 Hayes st.
WANTED — Good American girl: general
housework ; wages $12. Apply 1621 Mission.
GIRL for general housework to go to San Ma-
teo. 725 Golden Gate aye.
GIRL for downstairs work and cooking; wages
$20. Apply 740 Castro at.
WANTED- Young girl for light housework In
small family. 1625V4 Pine st.
GIRL to tend bakery and do light housework.
918 Larkln st. ; call between 11 and 12.
APPRENTICE for hair Work wanted at G.
LEDERER'S. 11l Stockton st.
WANTED— A young girl to assist with house-
work; small family; goi>d home; references
exchanged. 523 McAllister st.
WILL give a good home to some respectable
and Intelligent young girl between 14 and in
years of ago; orphan preferred; references
given and required. MRS. C. KNUTSON
Campbell, Cal.
WANTED— Woman 28 to 35 years old for com-
panlon and light duties; good home; smnll
wages; 2 In family; middle-nged people; coun-
try; Santa Clara County, near San Jose. Box
6SO, San Jose.
BUSHELWOMAN, competent, on Kent's and
ladies' clothing. Emporium Renovatory, Kb
Eddy st.
LEARN dressraa ng and millinery; positions
free: patt«rns 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttins School. 1079 Market
rt.; perfect fit: no trying on: trial free.
WANTED— Girls and ladies to learn "Rood*
maple scale dress cutting system" complete In
10 days; open evenings; good pay. 207 Taylor.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of Tha Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
- HELP WANTED— >
Trr^FbR"ATLARGE MINING COMPANY. . . . . .
8 laborers to go to-night; wages from $1 60 to
$2 50 a day; steady work; reduced fare to this
Job; to go to-night.........:.
FOR ALASKA •••
400 laborers and rockmen to work on the
Skaguay Railroad at wages of 30c an hour;
work 11 hours, inchiding Sundays; special re-
duced fares; rates and particulars at our
office ■. •■••
FOR BRITISH COLUMBIA.
A gang of 40 railroad laborers. $1 40 a day;
board 35c a day; fares advanced; common
laboring work on the railroad...
.' FOR CALIFORNIA
150 2 and 4 horse teamsters, north and south;
free fare; regular wages; ship every day; free
fare
MINERS
15 miners, $2 50 a day; 9 tunnel men, $2 50: IS
pick and shovel laborers for a quarry, free
fare, $1 75 a day; board $4 &0; free fare
, FARMERS
18 farmers, 75c a day and board
Basalt block makers, 2c a block; sand team-
ster, $1 a day and board; coachman, $20; gar-
dener, $20; ranch teamster, $26 and board;
gang edger man, $45 and found; head log-
ger, $60....
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD cook steady place, country, $90; Swiss
or Italian head cook, $J5, country restaurant;
broiler, $50; .third cook, summer renort, $35,
fare advanced; third cook, mining boarding
house, $35; potwasher for springs,. $25, fare
advanced; kitchen hand, $25, summer resort, |
fare advanced; second baker, country shop,
$35. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
5 WAITERS for a large mining boarding
house, $25, steady work, reduced fares. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COMPETENT head waiter for a hotel. $50;
waiter for the springs, $30; springs, fare ad-
vanced, $22 fiO; country restaurant, $35; coun-
try hotels, $25; restaurant, $7 a week. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
2 COLORED waiters for Lake Tahoe. see party
here, $25 and fare paid; 3 colored waiters,
summer resort. $25, fare paid. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 101 Geary st.
MR. HENNESSEY, formerly of the Creamerle.,
please call. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
A MAN or men to contract to cut 20,000 cords
of black oak; $1 a cord. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary et.
...: MURRAY & READY
Want to-day
354 rullroad laborers $1 75 day
Teamsterß $175 day
10 laborers, city Jobs $175, $1 €0 day
6 teamsters, city Jobs $1 73 day
14 farm handa. different places. .s26, $25 and $20
3 choremen for ranches.. s2o and $15 and found
Engineer for a ranch $30 and found
2 hay balers $20 and found
2 milkers $25 and found
126 woodchoppers $1 60 to $1 cord
95 tiemakerH Be, 9c and 15c each
Private family stableman $25 and found
Tools furnished
10 woodehoppers, Sonoma County $1 25 cord
6 woodehoppers, San Mateo County. sl 50 cord
10 laborers for a brickyard $1 75 day
To the Great Mines
124 laborers to work around the plant of a
large mine; steady Job
wage« from J2 50 day
No Experience Necessary
Young man for a city factory $5 week
800 men fur Arizona
6 laborers $30 and found
Gang edger man $40 and found
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
A LAUNDRY HELP
Marker and distributer $2 day
3 lroners $2 day
Washer and starcher $35 and found
' MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
LOOK. Cooks Cooks
12 cooks for different places, $55, $40, $35 and
$25 and found
4 waiters 5 dishwashers
different places, different wages
German saloon porter $20 and found
Pantryman $25 and found
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
A— BUTCH2R $30 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED— Man and wife to care for bath
house for spring hotel, must understand mas-
sage, $50 and board, a first-class place; ma.n
and wife for an Institution as cook and
helper, $65; man and wife for resort as farmer
a.id laundress, $40. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED— cook, $10 a week; cook, $9
a week; broiler, German, s2s; cook, restaurant,
fCO; 5 waiters, city and country, $23 and $35;
kitchen help and others. Apply to J. F.
CRUSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento St.
WANTED— Ranch blacksmith, $35; 3 carpenters
for mine, $2 50 day and $40 and board: coal
miners, farmers, milkers, teamsters, at $20,
$25 and $26 per month; laborers, $1 75 day:
scraper teamsters, $1 60; farmer and wife, $40;
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
C2B Sacramento st.
WANTED — man as typewriter and clerk,
$9 a week. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
62S Sacramento st. •
WANTED— cook. $55; restaurant cook,
$60; second cook, $t>s; cook, $30s paMry cook,
$35: waiter, summer resort, $20; waiter, small
country place; lunch waiter; waiter for res-
taurant, $35; dishwasher for hotel, $17 50; pot-
washer for hotel, $20; dishwasher, $15; 2 boys
for store, $10 and found; lroners. city and
country, $30, etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
QUARRYMAN, S2 BO a day; planer man, $2 25
a day; waiter and' wash dishes for mining
camp, $25; woodchopper, $2 60 a cord; cellar-
man for vineyard, $26; night waiter, $25. R.
T. WARD & CO., 608 and 810 Clay st.
WANTED— Blacksmith for ranch, $40 and
board; steady *«X« 10 men to work In brick-
yard, $25 to $30 and board, free fare; also
farmers, teamsters, milkers, cook, waiters
and dishwashers. W. D. EWER & CO., 626
Clay st. __; '
PANTRYMAN, springs, $25; waiter, city, $36.
HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
GERMAN-SPEAKING boy; must be willing to
work; also learn the wine and liquor busi-
ness. Apply between 9 and 10 a, m. to HOL-
TUM BROTHERS. 566 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS cabinet maker wanted. FINK
& SCHINDLER. 1309 Market st.
MAN or boy who understands running pony
cylinder press; give age, experience and
wages expected. Box 67. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cutter on kl-> work. Apply at
factory. West Berkeley. ">. R. WKNT-
WORTH. ..
WANTED— RetaiI salesman experienced In
grocery or crockery line. Give reference and
wages expected. Box 6S, Call office.
TO 3 men who can furnish good references I
have paying positions to offer. Call Tuesday
or : Wednesday, W. A. BEEBE, 611 Mont-
gomery st. •
WANTED— Dishwasher at 44 Turk st.
3S POSITIONS open to-day; see our list. 313
■ Bush st.
OFFICE managers, stenographers, bookkeepers,
traveling salesmen, clerks, Investigate the
facilities of this Exchange. 313 Bush st.
IF you want to be assisted in a paying posi-
tion see our dally list. 313 Bush st.
FIRST-CLASS barber, young man, steady Job.
19 Thirtieth et., cor. San Jose road.
GOOD young barber wanted. 2007 Mission Bt. ;
15c shop. . -3 -::;-.;
BARBER wanted; steady. 797 Mission St., cor-
ner Fourth.
GOOD young barber wanted. 2007 Mission St.;
I 15c shop.
MEN to learn barber trade In 8 weeks. San
Francisco Barber College, 13S}4 Eighth st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employrn't Office S
FUCHS, Sec, 32.", Grant aye.: tel. Grant 136.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Barnard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Good bushelman; one who can
make coats. Apply at 737 Market St.
FIRST-CLASS dishwasher with experience In
cooking. 812 Lark! St.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; must be Quick
workman; come early and bring tools 1536
Point Lobos aye.
W AITER wanted. 129 Fourth st.
BUTCHER Wanted— Young man who thor-
oughly understands the business. Alameda
Market, 1529 Park st., Alameda. • Alameaa
WANTED— A Snt-cUaa polisher. Run Laun-
dry. 19th st. and Telegraph aye.. Oakland.
WANTED— 4 good solicitors; also 1 experienced
solicitor to take charge of agents; salary and
commission. Call at once, . 1232 Broadway
Oakland. Jl
COAL miners who have worked In pitch vein
coal mines wanted. Apply to Tesla Coal Co
room 515, 323 Montgomery st.
10 YOUNG men for nice cruise; good wages-
no experience. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
S r^H nnd ordlnar 5' seamen wanted at
LANE S. 504 Davis st., near Jackson. ' f■_ > .
1^? — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno. House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150 'large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— . Montana House. 764*4 Mission.
?££*. t< iJ a £2 TOO n!< '• 1Oc « 15c and 26c per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling, 35c; only one price. 959 Howard st.
SINGLE _ furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Roaedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House.; 957 Market fit., below Sixth
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. °7
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Llndel House, Sixth and Howard gt*!
AN TED To collect wages due laborers and
clerks.- Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st.
W C H ESTER HOUSE, 44 Third : st., near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading room-
free bus and baggage to and rrom the terry.
ROOMS VVAATtiU.
ONE or 2 unfurnished rooms and yard; cheap.
Address MRS. LEILD. 221 Fifth st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
H. BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
chandise. 1057 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 32.
~~~~ AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— Lady canvassers wanted; good talk-
ers; big commission. Call bet. 11 and 2 o'clock
at 1223 Geary st.
WANTED— A few canvassers; a good opportu-
nlty for right parties. Call at 1103 Howard st.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— Board and lodging for family of 2
adults und child at some point outside of city,
within reasonable distance thereof. Send
terms and references t" box S9. Call office.
PERSONALS.
NOTICE— After this 11th day of July. IS9B,
* I will not be responsible for any debts con-
tracted by my wife, Lizzie Kavanagh.
WILLIAM K A V ANAGH. Haywards.
JOSEPH G REV vocal teacher. 1236 Market
St., is preparing for different concerts and
operatic performances of next season, where
several of his pupils will sing leading parts;
participants of a large mixed chorus class
pay $1 monthly In advance.
ANY person who witnessed accident to a boy
on electric car near Hooper's Planing Mill, on
Fourth st.. near Channel, on Friday. July 1,
will help boy's parents by sending name and
address to box 69, Call office.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframed: framing with glass 7x9 Inches.
10c: SxlO and 10x12, l'c; 11x14 and 12x16, 2'» c;
14x17, 25c; 16x20, 30c; ISx22. 35c; 20x24, 45c; 22x
2S, 60c; curtain poles complete, 15c; rm. mol'l-
lng.all colors.lc ft;open eve.Jones.s47 Mission.
KAIR which la oily is generally, healthy; 280
is all I charge for up-to-date hairdressinsr:
good switches $1: best finest quality $3 60;
extra heavy long $5; open Sundays 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st. .
J. A WOLF formerly member of the tailoring 1
firm Curley <fc Wolf, S. F., Is now in business
at rm. 11, Macdonough building. Oakland.
QUINONIA Is a perfect hair tonic, 35c bot-
tle. O. LEDERER. 11l Btockton st.
ELECTRIC llchts In every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms,
2."> to $1 50 per nisht- *1 CO to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth st.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Instalments. L.
T -MOS. 1117 MnrkPt st.. b"t 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAn"p RANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
Colli-re. 916 Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $8 per month, we ask. you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
15 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
«ts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE S.
26, 28 and JO O'Farrell st. Pianos, organ*
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy: prices low-
est. Everything possible dona to please and
satisfy the customer.
BEAUTIFUL piano, $135; Sterling. $175; Vose.
$200; 47 more; all must go during July and
August: investigate before buying. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, Chickerlng agents, 16-IS-2O
O'Farrell st. "... -J.
WE Invite critical examination: new store, new
goods. CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Geary St.,
cor. Grant aye.. Conover agents.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans.
Briggs and other pianos: see ciur rent plan;
no interest 'first year. 30S. 310. 312 Post st.
THE best chance of the season; a fine stand-
ard make upright $100: elegant condition. J.
DEWING CO., 2d floor Flood building.
FINE upright for J150; come early if you want
to secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
A— s3s; FINE-TONED piano, first-class condi-
tion; must sell. 1361 Folsom Et., cor. T"nth.
AN upright piano, nearly new; brilliant, pow-
erful tone: cheap. 216 McAllister st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos: wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Pest st.
"AD" smallest; pr!c lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents. $2. up. * HEINE. 13<5 Ellis Bt.-- ■
A GOOD upright very cheap. IS McAllister
St.. next. Hlbernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrel! St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham pln^c.
MONTGOMERY, 527. cor. Clay— until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
HORSES.
WANTED— A good buggy horse for city; state
price. Box 66. Call office.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Salea
Yards, 220 Valencia st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction pale* every Wedrie3-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly-
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine tcp and open
buggy; al3o 1 hack. S2S Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. £11 Larkln, opp. City Hall.
LIVESTOCK lOK SALE.
FRESH Jersey cow and calf for sale at SO7
Thirtieth st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
SECOND-HAND machinery for sale— l 20-horse
power stationary tubular boiler, 2 vertical en-
gines and other machinery for sale cheap for
cash at the works of the KROGH MANU-
FACTURING CO.. 51 Beale st.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods: new, 2d-hand. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
CHICKERING piano: good condition; $10
down, $4 a month. 225 Sutter st. : v ..
FOR SALE— Small Otto" gas engine. Apply sa-
j loon, l£o2 Seventh St., Oakland. . .
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth. . ■ f ;•- / •;
EXCHANGE — Thoroughbred — tare for type-
writer or tandem. Ohio Dental Parlors, 719
Market st. • • ;
GAS fixtures very low: large assortment: 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheaj>. HUF-
SCHMIDT, C 23 Golden Gate aye.
SCALE, safe, coffee mill, desk, letter press;
■cheap, at 621 Mission st. . . .-;. i -?;*
BOILER, entclnes. tools, metals, electrical
. goods. WHITE'S. El4-516-51S Mission st.«
GRAPHOPHONES. $10: Records.. $.-, per doz.;
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl. 933-946 Mrkt.
2 BARBER chairs for sale; only $15. 41 Third
Bt., pawn office.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and 1 second-hand; nil
sizes; hal^origlnal cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
BARS, show cases, counters, , shelving etc
bought nnd sold. 1063 Mission, npar Seventh!
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and Whit*
cheap: repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
; $2 MONTHLY-Rented, repaired, bought, sold :
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought. . sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G \v
HOWE, any at law. sj» Market, cor.' Sto'cktn".
A W VI W K D A t : i, lnx:^ l;^^;,; ««■■--^-
ALL private law cases. Insolvency collections
free advice: open cv _A^ jJcC a be.io3Lark"n:
L. S CLARK— Emma Spreckeis bldg. 927~Mar1
ket; consultation. free; no fees in advance
A ETAfK, 14 McAllister at., room 64. T. F.
STACK. 14 McAllister nt., room 64.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALI l-i t> wrlt , ers * oi<l and rentedTfe w"partly
£?£L liPv.^ ap; sena for sample, and
prices. ALEXANDER & C Q.. 110 Montgomry.
N M2M- H mmonc H i $35; callgraph. $26; Buck.
I *22 80, get samples. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery.BUSINESS CHANCES.
$225— CORNER clpar store in good business lo-
cation on Kearny st. ; good chance for buyer;
must be sold. M. LESS, 765 Market st., op-
posite Phelan building. • ■ -
MILLINERY store in good country town;
has new stock and good fixtures; living rooms
In rear. M. LEBS, 765 Market St., rooms 3-4.
$400— BRANCH bakery, cigar, notion store;
south Of Market et.; 4 living" rooms; no op-
position: present owner there six years; do-
ing well; must be sold at once; party going
East; great bargain. M. LESS, 76.", Market.
WANTED-Party with $175 to take an interest
in s sure paying enterprise; $200 profits per
month. Call at M. LESS*. 763 Market st.
JSOU--DAY saloon; near large business houses;
doing Kood business; fine fixtures; best bar-
paln In the city. M. LESS, 763 Market st,
}.. RESTAURANT; excellent location; do-
ing a >od business; rent only $2u; good bar-
Kaln; see It to-day. M. LESS. 766 Market st.
$600— CORNER grocery and hai In the very
choicest business location: iTVunected with o
living rooms and doing h rusting cash busi-
ness; must be sold ut otu.-t-Jl_icJ.ne_a cause
for It; Insistigate nn<l mak< yuur oner. Call
_WILKE. 845 Markit st
$600— RESTAURANT and chophouse; doing a
first-class paying business, close to Market
and East sts.; low rent; Investigate; owner
muet leave at oru-o and no reasonable offer
refused. Call on R. <;. WILKK, M , Market.
A— sl7s; SALOON; establ shed years, with club-
rooms; average dally receipts $8; rent $20;
owner must sell at once because he took po-
sition as commercial traveler. Call WILKE,
m. Market st.
A— $1000; SALOON In the very best location.
Western Addition, doing a first-class paying
business; owner enKaßcd In oth«r business,
must sacrifice; not all cash needed. WILKE.
M 5 Market st.
A— ■ PARTNER In flrst-class paying busl-
ne»». on Kearny St.. near Market, clearing
easily $250 per month; no opposition: a rare
chance. For particulars. WILKE, £45 Market.
OLD-EBTABLISHED saloon In choicest
down-town location, with building; long lease;
doing H first-class paying business; other en-
gagements compel owner to sacrifice. Partl-
culars WILKE, M 6 Market St.
WOO— CORNER saloon In wholesale district; es-
tablished many years and doing a good pay-
Ing business; owner must leave for the coun-
try at once. Call WILKE, M.'> Market st.
$1200— CIGAR store and stationery, on Market
St.. near ferries; flrst-class paying; low rent;
a genuine barjrnln; Investigate at once; a
rare chance. WILKE. 545 Market st.
$.000; HOME bakery and coffee parlor; $40
dally; never changed hands. KREDO & CO.
Nicest, coziest Uttle delicacy store In city;
dally receipts $25; make offer. KREDO & CO.
$1000— Manufacturing extracts, perfumes »n,l
toilet goods; established 4 years; as;ents now
appointed over entire coast. KREDO A CO.
tBOO— BAKERY. 30 miles from S. F.. .000 popu-
lation; prosperous business. KREI t& CO.
CANDY and ice cream parlors; living
rooms; $S dally. KREDO & CO.. 22>* Geary.
$300; RESTAURANT, $30 daily; 20 steady
boarders; other (rood restaurants from $200
to $3000. KREDO & CO.. 22V. Geary st.
$710— SALOON north of Market st.. adjoining 2
theaters; worth double this amount; must be
sold on account of the serious Illness pro-
prietor. MCLAUGHLIN A CO., 23 Kearny st.
RESTAURANT; cost $750; must sell on
account of immediate departure. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$300— PARTNER wanted In laundry; paying
business McLAUOHLIN, 23 Kearny st.
$1500— CANDY store and factory; bargain, on
account "f Immediate departure. McLAUGH-
LIN A CO., 23 Kearny st.
TO sell youi business promptly for cash give
us a call; we have buyers for country prop-
erty: citrus land a specialty. RAND & CO.,
917 Market st.
$125— NICE corner grocery and bar, with 4 j
sunny living rooms; rent $15; good business. ;
RAND i. CO.. 917 Market st.
$275 — [GAR, stationery and notion store, with'
furnltme of living rooms; near Market st.;
good '.ride. RAND & CO.. 917 Market st.
$175— FRUIT and veuetable Btand; Wemem Ad-
dition; $12 day guaranteed; trial given to any
one meaning business; a bargain. CITY
AGENCY. 850 Market st.
PARTNER wanted; light business; Indoor j
work; no night or Sunday work; experience
not required; trial given; $20 to $30 a week
each can be made. 9 Geary st.. room 2.
$.600— AN old established business doing busi-
ness in 4 large cities; clears about $200 per
month: thorough investigation. Box 64, Call. !
$200— PARTNER: open saloon: central location;
money used for fitting up; have fixtures com-
plete. Box '.". Call office.
ONE-HALF" interest In a well established
and good paying manufacturing business. In-
quire 173S Mission st.
WANTED — To buy, a lodginp-house; state
prfoe and particulars. D. MULLEN, 650 Sac-
ramtnto st.
AN old established printing and Jobbing chop
for sale cheap. 2925 California st.
PSO— SALOON; day business. 506 Clay st.
CORN! saloon for lie for cash. 1121 Har- j
rison St., corner Langton.
FOR BALE— grocery and bar; $200. 341S j
Mission st.
WANTED— Partner for well-established under-
taking; business: flrst-class business i pportu-
nity for Protestant gent; experience not nec-
eesary. Box 72, Call office.
$400— OLD-ESTABLISHED butcher shop: Al
business; must be sold thi6 week; investigate
at once. Box $7, Call office.
BEST-PAYING restaurant in Oakland: promi-
nently located corner 2 principal streets; no
lltlon; clearing $200 a month; sacrificed
for $860; reason for selling, owner compelled
to ro to Europe immediately; trial given. H.
j., box 10, Call office. Oakland.
FOR Sale — Well-established drug store, cen- |
trally located; good family and transient ;
trade; must Bell on account of 111 health. !
Particulars apply to box 94, Call office.
SALOON for sale; the old established stand of
HERRMANN ROHR, at the depot, Gllroy,
C'al. ; owner wlrhes to retire. Address H.
ROHR. Gllroy. Cal.
$50— PARTNER to manufacture machine for
cooling purposes: 50 per cent cheaper than Ice.
<;. C. TERRY, 530 Pacific st.
PAYING bakery and confectionery store: good j
trade; fine location. Twenty-second and
Brush sts., Oakland.
$150— HORSERADISH and pickle stand, slt-
natert in best market in city. BASILE. S73V.
Market Et.
FOR SALS — In best country town, cheap, with
first-class private and store trade; good rea-
sons for Belling: two wagons; low rent. For
partfeulars address Bakery, box 74. Call office.
$150— GOOD saloon for pale, with 3 living
rooms; rent $18. Inquire Call office.
FOR sale— Old-established grocery. Inquire 252
First st.. corner Clementina.
FOR SALE— A well stocked grocery and bar;
old established business; run by owner 6
years; rent cheap. Apply Call Office.
fiALOON; day business. 506 Clay st.
FOR sale— old-established groceries and bars;
price $1260. Box 201, Call Office.
BOBER steady plumber and tinsmith can take
long-used shop In center of town St. Helena;
German preferred; rent $10 month. Address
ROSSI & ANDERSON. St. Helena.
PHOTOGRAPHIC plant, best in Central Cali-
fornia, for sale; chance of lifetime to up-to-
date worker. Address BENT, 40 California st.
FOR sale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSI-S FOR SALE.
A U ROOMS; rent $30; Golden Gate ave.s 300
60 rooms; fine corner <"J
82 rooms; clears J2OO monthly £.00
10 rooms; sunny corner: payments 150
44 ro ms; fine for transients; part cash.. 1600 j
25 rooms; near Haldwln; cheap •■ 600
20 rooms; transient; best in city IEOO |
1* rooms; sunny corner; a snap.... 6-_;2 :
11 rooms; Van. Nf?s ay« *7a
F. 2 roi ms; rent $S0; come quick 1500 ,
14 rooms; good transient house; O'Farrell 1200 ]
22 rooms; new; near Tlvoll.. s<r>/) ■
. 22 ror.ms: rert $70 ••• 6M
46 rooms; Market st.; clears $200: cheap .-••
ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market st. (L. W.
Ro»-''-rs. rmerly clerk for 11. C Decker.)
A— KREDO & CO. H 22V4 Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
110 rms: best $40501 13 rms: clears $50...5550j
rm-; Geary-... 11 rms: good ■•'*> i
2.. rm-. Post 15T.01 9 rms; Leavenw'th. 275
zorms; very best 16001 9 rms; Jones ... 460
rms; iM, ly $50! And many others.
_ a ' a "y ol the above part cosh, balance time.
1800-LODGJNG HOUSE of B furnished rooms.
ivu 0CC uRZ\j" nt i3r> - $100. balance time to
__-ult. BOMANSOX, 501 Folsom st ** .
N |o^»r Unny ». furnl '- hp ' 1 h °u*e ot 11 rooms; good
* location; cheap. 419 Stockton st. '
C n^m«. hm if c: flno location: new furniture;
"™ 0111 ' all rented; banralii owner leaving
2 town. Address box GS. CaU Office.
B lFmlii 12 «I?? m t _ansinnt house exchanße^for
j'mall flat: msh riifWenco. KTtKDO .<■ CO.
*|^lxiTijilT3 FOR SALE.
- -,-,,___.- _^ n YSI CI A.\».
D^O6 MSk? t '- D ?. N N Ei:^ r ' rn^ and "re'sTdencT
<« Market, diseases of women a specialty.
nOUSES TO LET.
ELEGANT S-room houses; Sixth aye, bet. Call- j
fornla and Lake sts. ; prices will surprls.
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL. 628 Market at. j
ELLIS. U72, nr. Buchanan— 6 r. and b. and
■ planked basement.
j FOR Rent— Very cheap to right parties; owners
Kolng away; modern 9-room house, with base-
ment and lovely garden. Apply Immediately.
1 6SO Hayes St.
HOUSE of 4 sunny rooms. 31 Lafayette st., be-
tween Eleventh and Twelfth. '
GOLDEN GATE nr. Webster— r. and
! l).; modern Improvements; $50.
NEW house, 12 rooms; Mission warm belt: rent
nly $20. See ISAACS, 240 Montgomery st.
NICE dwelling, 441 Fifth st., 7 rooms; large
t-unny yard; rents reduced.
OAK, 421— Stylish Eastlake residence; 8 rooms j
and bath; latest Improvements; $35.
TENTH. 140. near Market-House: 7 sunny
; rooms; bath; large yard: good order; reason-
1 . ble.
I TO LET— House; 30 rooms and bath; newly
I painted. 933 Mission Ft. _
I WE can rent you a house with or without a
i flat; pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
I pomery st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
TAYLOR, 810 — Completely furnished sunny
; house. 10 rooms and bath. Call between 1:30
and 4 p. m. ,
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTON ST., 333-3- cottaee; yard
and chicken-house; $5 mo. San Mateo cars j
td Thirty- st. |
COTTAGE r. rooms and bath; large basement; I
rent reasonable. 120 Flllmore st. !
I TO Cottage; 4 rooms; 5014 California St., j
1 bet. Twelfth and Thirteenth ayes.: rent $10.
$12— BAY-WINDOW cottage; 4 rooms: water
free. HBO Devisadero.
FLATS TO LET.
j BRANNAN. 725. above Sixth— flat of S
; rooms, $7, $5. __'
BI'SH, 1213-2 flats, 3 rooms, bath; rent $12 and
$13. Apply 12118 Bush st.
FULTON. llS— Middle sunny flat, 7 rooms and
bath; near City Hall; $SB.
i FLAT of 4 rooms; hall and yard; rent $9. 216 !
1 Hickory aye.. between Gough and Octavla sts. !
FOLSOM. 930, bet. 6th and 6th— s r. and b. ; $14.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
'' GEARY, 1917—4 nice rooms; bath; toilet; cellar; I
yard: furnished; hall; gas; $18; water free.
HOWARD, Brick bid*; 5 r. and b. ; $25.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
LANGTON, 33— $15; sunny flat, 5 rooms and
bath.
lIS Perry st.; $10; flat. 5 rooms.
116H Perry st.; $10; flat, 4 rooms.
EASTON." ELDRIDGE & CO., 63S Market.
MCALLISTER. 1723, nr. Brodertck— and b. ;
I rent $26. ASHTON CO.. 411 Montgomery et.
POST. Bay-window Bat of 5 sunny rooms;
j modern Improvements: $13, a month.
SANSOME, 712— Handsome flat of 4 rooms and
i bath; cheap to good parties.
SUNNY flat. 6 rooms and bath. 2712 Bush st.
SUTTER, 16138, nr. Octavla— 7 r. and b. ; $30.
ASHTON * GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
TURK, 520K and D— 2 sunny flats, 4 rooms and
bath: large basement; yard; rent $12 and $13;
no children.
UPPER flat, 5 "rooms; sunny side. 440 Jessla
i street.
UPPER flat. 6 rooms, bath. SVs Lewis st, off
Taylor, near Post.
' Valencia. 469. nr. 16th— 6 r. and b.; rent $16.
ASHTON A GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
WE can rent j-ou a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont- 1
camery Ft.
WANTED— IIO tenants for flats and cottages, '
$6 to $12, at A. M. SPECK & CO.S, 602 Mar-
ket st.
2 NICE sunny flats, 3 and 4 rooms; rent }9 and
$10. 2041 Harrison St., opposite Eighteenth. '
$10— FLAT, 4 rooms: hall; double parlors. 18
Lexington aye., near Eighteenth st.
$10 AND $13— Sunny flats, 4 and 5 rooms; large '
yard; modern. 137%. Fair Oaks St., nr. 23d.
$11— FLAT. 5 rooms and bath. 124 Wlldey St. ;
key at 2325 Pine st.. bet. Flllmore and Stelner.
$10— NEW choice sunny flat: all latest Improve-
ments. 1708 If lest..e st.. near Broadway.
NEW modern sunny flat. E rooms and bath.
266S Twenty-second St., near Bryant. j
$16 60 with water free and'anhman; elegant
corner fiat 5 front -corns; closet; gas fixtures,
yard, etc. Corner Oak Grove aye. and Harri-
son st., between Fifth and Sixth.
$IS— ELEGANT modern sunny flat. 7 rooms and
bath; nice view. 3025\4 Buchanan st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT '2 Second — Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; week. $1 to $2 50; day, 25 to boo.
BRANNAN, 725. above Sixth— Sunny front bed-
room and kitchen, furnished, $8.
BRYANT, 1101, corner of Ninth— Three front
rooms, completely furnished for housekeep-
ing; cheap.
BUCHANAN, 602, corner Fell— Bay-windows;
kitchens: others; single, en suite; $6 to $9.
BUENA VISTA aye., 449 — 8 furnished rooms for
housekpg. : piano; flowers; good view; bath.
BU6H 673— Large front suite and separate
kitchen, with bath, $20; large sunny parlor,
2 beds, $10; with bath.
BUSH, 1203V4— small furnished housekeeping
rooms and bath.
BUSH, 1238, near Larkln— 3 unfurnished house-
keeplng rooms. |
DIAMOND, 510, near Twenty-third. Castro cars
—Large furnished room with housekeeping
privileges; rent $6 month.
FOLSOM. Slo— front sunny rooms fur-
nished complete and neat for housekeeping;
no children.
GROVE. 129— Front rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping.
GUERRERO, 215—3 or 4 beautifully furnished
sunny rooms complete for housekeeping; ex-
clusive use of kitchen; S. $20; 4, $25.
HOWARD, 704, corner Third— Fine large sunny
room; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 821— Housekeeping; single, $6 up;
pulte. $8 to $10. ■
HOWARD. 935%. New Philadelphia— Sunny
rooms; also housekeeping; gas. water, bath.
LARKIN. So4— Large sunny front nicely fur-
nlshed, $9; large back furnished room, house-
keeping. $6.
LEAVENWORTH. 225— One large unfurnished
bay window room: adults: $10.
MCALLISTER. 422— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; gas stove and bath.
MCALLISTER, 643 — Handsomely furnished
rooms to let; also unfurnished room for use
of housekeeping; rent reasonable.
MCALLISTER, 447, corner Van Ness are.—
Nicely furnished sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping.
MINNA, 546— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing: large yard.
MISSION, 1219— Sunny housekeeping rooms.
MISSION^ 1415 — Unfurnished large . sunny
rooms; connecting or single. *
MISSION. 1729V4. near Thirteenth— One or two
furrrlshed housekeeping rooms; bath and laun-
dry; $:, and $7.
NATOMA, 81, cor. Second— Sunny front house-
keeping room; also others; rent cheap; re-
spectable.
NATOMA. 60S — 2 furnished front rooms for
.housekeeping; hot and cold water; reasonable.
NINTH, 135— Four or five neatly fumißhed
rooms complete for housekeeping; sun all day;
rent reasonable to family of adults.
OAK, 119— Furnished front room; housekeep-
ing; $5; nee this.
PAGE, 1184 —2 or 3 furnlEhed rooms for house-
keeping, $'< to $12.
PERRY. 174—2 nice large furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; hot and cold water In kitchen;
bath :
POLK. f.22— Three furnished sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; cheap to right party.
POLK, 611—1 or 2 nice large rooms with
kitchen, complete for housekeeping; also nice
single room.
POST. CI7V4 — Unfurnished front and back par-
lor and kitchen for housekeeping; rent $15. " ;
POWELL. 710—2 large sunny rear rooms com-
plete for housekeeping: gas; bath: yard; $10.
POWELL; 944—3 housekeeping rooms; also sin-
gle room $15 and $6. ■ ' .
SEVENTH, 178— Nicely furnished front suite,
first floor, for housekeeping; large yard.
SEVENTEENTH. 3456. near Valencia—
floor 3 rooms; furnished; housekeeping; large
'
yard. < ■ . .
SHIPLEY. 261— Four housekeeping rooms; $6;
no children, dogs, cat*; water and scav. free.
SIXTH 119 A (The Piedmont)— or 3 complete- '
ly furnished housekeeping rooms.
VALENCIA, 2Q.V— 2 unfurnished bay-window
rooms: large; hot and cold water; $10.
VAI« RBBBi 518— sunny front rooms, complete
for houHokeeplng, $15. ,
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 12, 1898.
OAKLAND HOISBKEEPING ROOMS.
I FIFTEENTH, «15— Lower floor; 3 clean, sunny
rooms; separate entrance; nice grounds.
i ■■ -
ROOMS TO LET.
A— SELE<T home; Hotel Florence, 102 Ellis
St.. corner Powell: elevator; baths; best at-
tention given.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. ; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; nrst-claas
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 147 Powell and 211 O'Farrell— Nicely fur-
nlsh?d rooms by day, week or month.
AT 416 O'Farrell— Nice sunny roomß, single
and en suite; $7 up; everything first-class.
AT 242 Stockton — Sunny rooms; pretty view;
(juicl house; baths, gas; very reasonable.
AT 60& Hyde, Sutter 715-717-719. S29H and Mason
407— Choice, sunny; reasonable; Investigate.
AT The Randolph, 501 Post— Single rooms, bay-
window parlors and suites, $1 50 to »4 week.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post. 2 blocks from principal
hotels; newly furniHhed; all conveniences.
BUSH, 675— Large sunny unfurnished suite,
with use bath, $13: furnished rm., 2 beds, $7.
CALIFORNIA, 13l«--Small sunny front room!
gas, bath, closet; $6: references.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8. $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Pleasant, clean sunny rooms, $o
up; also housekeeping rooms; quiet home.
EDDY, 121 A —Nicely furnisfied rooms to let^
$1 50 per week up.
ELLIS, 41S (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $3 week.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny suite parlors; fine
•location for doctor, dentist or studio; with
piano; hot and cold water, bath, gas; other
suites, single and double rooms; privileges of
light housekeeping.^
GEARY, 691— Newly furnished rooms.
GIRARD House, cor, Howard and 7th— Nice
sunny rms.; also h usekpng. ; very reasonable.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night. 25c to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely fur-
nished sunny front room; running water;
grate; private family; reasonable.
GOI'GH. 530—2 furnished sunny rooms; gas,
bath: suitable for lady or gentleman.
GRAND SOUTHERN. S. E. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates: families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HAVES, 114—1 or 2 unfurnished rooms; cheap.
HYDE. 230— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, $10 and $15: nice sunny yard.
HYDE. IK>5 (Hotel Victoria)— Unfurnished
sunny corner suites; running water, bath and
gas: first-class every respect; terms reasnble.
JONES, 2n7— Nicely furnished suites and single
room.«; reasonable; gas, water, bath; central.
LARKIN, 327, cor. Golden Gate aye.— Nice
sunny room, $7; also housekeeping suite; gas
Etove.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, door above Van Ness—
Suites, single rooms; newly furnished.
MCALLISTER. 2:0^4— Nicely furnished single
nnd double rooms; reasonable; opposite City
Hall.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator, electric lights, day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 1307— Large handsomely furnish-
ed gunny room; within walking distance;
reasonable.
PINE, 681— A large front room; running water;
large closet; reasonable terms.
POLK. 709 — 2 large sunny front rooms, newly
furnished; running water; private family;
references.
POLK, r.22— Front sunny connecting unfur-
nished suite: also single room; nice and quiet.
POST. 910— Sunny front room. $6; also double
parlors; gentlemen; private flat.
POST. 920 — Nicely furnished sunny room; gas;
bath; In private family.
POWELL- 317—2 handsomely furnished single
roome; top floor; reasonable.
POWELL, 420— Bunny front room, unfurnished.
POWELL. 944 — Front sunny earner parlor
suite: desirable locality for physician: $25.
REDWOOD court, 4. off Howard, between Six-
teenth and Seventeenth sts.— Elegant suite
with bath; $S per month.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
" near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE House. 16-18 Mason St.— Fur-
nlßhed rooms; single, $1 60 to $3 a week;
suites. $4 to $6; baths; elevator; electric
lights ; hot and cold water; transients solic-
it-!; restaurant. MRS. J. GALE. Proprietor.
SOUTH i'AHK, IS4— Sunny front room foTr lady
or gentleman; nicely furnished; rent $5
BUTTER, 100S— Pleasant su«ny suite, newly
furnished; also single room; reasonable.
TAY.'.or. 706— A well-furnished sunny room
for rentleman.
TURK, 127— Nicely furnished rooms from $3
and up per month; also housekeeping rooms.
VAN NESS, SOS — 2 large, bright, sunny parlor
suits; handsomely furnished; suitable for
physician or dentist; modern; fine locution.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BUSH, S22— Handsomely furnished front bay-
window room; sunny; all the latest improve-
ments; connecting bath; running water; first-
class board; home cooking; downtown.
FOLSOM. 511^SwedlRh private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE, 299. Salisbury-Changed hands; thor-
oughly renovated; pleasant sunny rooms with
first-class board; beautiful grounds; quiet,
homelike; reasonable.
HYDE, 11.1.1 (Hotel Victoria)— Nice sunny rooms;
bath, gas, telephone; with breakfast, $10 mo.
PINE. 910— Sunny rooms; home cooking; baths
and running water; fine loca'.lon; terms very
reasonable.
SAN RAFAEL— Room and board for 1 or 2
gentlemen In private family, $30 per month;
nice location; 4 blocks from depot. Addresa
I'ostofflce box 76, San Rafael.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table board. S3 per
week; with nice sunny front room. $4 week.
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy-Select family board-
lng-hourc; first class all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking; terms mod.
THE ORIEL — New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. suites, with board for 2. $40 per
month; single '■ooms accordingly.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
FRENCH lady boards children or Infant;
mother's care; nice home. 1107 Clay st.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions nnd no's taken.
STORES TO LET.
CITY~HaII Square. 17— Large HghT'^ore?~tso?
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
NORTHEAST corner Pacific and Sansome—
Handsome corner store, with large basement;
cheap.
TURK. 423. near Larkln— Store. $16. ASHTON
& GARDINER, 411 Montgomery St.
1704 MARKET- I'nrt of hair-dressing store;
reasonable; opposite Tenth st.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA^SPRECKELS bunding. ' 927^ariTet~st^
Light, cheerful offices. $15 to $20.
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union building—
Elegant offices for rent.
DKNTISTB.
A FULL set of teeth. $5: see new flexible
plates: light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: filling*. BOc: crowns. $3 50; all
work painless nnd warranted. . Chicago Den-
tal Parlorn. 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. I.UI'LUM HILL. 1443 Market st.. nr. 11th:
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; oM plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE .V. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from G to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up: fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and Kim*mteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market St., cor. Sixth.
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. Sixth and Mission sts.
L. A. TEAGUe7 A. CANE and F. TEAGtTE~
removed to Call bldgr.. Bth floor, rms. 603-CO7.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
"W. KEY, IMC Market Kt. _
SKT of tr.-th without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
STORAGE.
PIERCE^RUDOLPH Storage and Nloving^Co?;
office, Tenth and Market; telephone South 18«.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse, 840 Mission St.; tel. Mint 1821.
_^ PROPOSALS^
PROPOSALS to light the streets and outlying
dlstßicts with gas and electricity. Clerk's
office, Board of Supervisors, San Francisco,
July 12, ISI'S. In accordance with resolution
No. 1367 (Fourth Series) of the Board of Su-
pervisors, sealed proposals will be received
in open session of the board on Monday after-
noon, Juky 18, 189S, to light with gas and
electricity the public streets and outlying
portions of the city and county in districts
or the entire city and county for a period
of two (2) years, from August 1, IS9S, as
provided and hereinafter described.
The gas lamps to be erected and maintained
not to exceed 4SOO and the electric lljrhts not
to exceed 1000. for which and tor the conse-
quent expense provision will be made therefor
In the amount to be levied in the street light
fund.
The electric arc lights of 2000 candle power
to be placed and maintained on Market street
from the ferries to Valencia street, will ag-
gregate fifty {i,C) In number, and 22 cm Van
Ness avenue, from Market street to Broad-
way, to be located alternately on each side
of said street and avenue, on ornamental
Iron poles not exceeding 25 feet in height, the
exact location of said electric lights to bt
reported to the board and the same approved
prior to their erection.
The electric lights to be plwced and main-
tained on Golden Gate avenue, from Market
to Devisadero street; Folsom street, from
Third to Twenty-sixth street; Kearny and
Montgomery streets, lrom Market to Broad-
way; Grant avenue, from Market to Bush,
and Dupont, from Broadway to Greenwich
street; Stockton street from Market to Sutter
street, and from Pacific to Union street;
Montgomery avenue, from Pacific to Chest-
nut street; Third and Fourth ftreets from
Market to Townsend: Fifth street from Mar-
ket to Bryant street, and on Sixth street,
from Market to Brannan street, are to be arc
lights of 2000 candle power each, to be sus-
pended from span wires over the center of
each crossing and wherever poles are re-
quired the location must first be reported and
approved by this board prior to their erection.
The arc electric lights now erected on loca-
tions in. the outlying districts on masts or
poles forty feet In height of 2000 candle power
each, numbering CSS. to be maintained or
erected in the same locations unless changes
of location are ordered by this bjurd, are to
be considered a portion of the IUOO electric
lights herein provided for.
The districts within which the streets are
to be lighted with gas and electricity are
hereby described, as follows:
District No. at the Intersec-
tion of Market anl East streets, along and
Ir.cluuiriK Market to Ridley; along and inclij,^
ing Ridley to Mission; along and Including
Thirteenth to Division; along and including
Division to Channel; along and including
Channel to the bay; along the bay line to
the point of beginning at East and Market.
District No. 2— Beginning at the intersection
of Market and East streets, along but not
Including Market to Ridley; along and In-
cluding Ridley westerly to Devtsadero; aiong
and including Devisadero to the bay: along
the buy line to the point of beginning at
East and Market.
District No. 3- Beginning at the norther!>
termination of Devisadero. along hut not In'-
cludlng Devisadero to Ridley; alons and in-
cluding Ridley to Buena Vista avenue; along
and including Buena Vista avenue south of
Buena Vista Park to Frederick street; along
and including Frederick to Stanyan; along
and Including Ptanyan to Fulton; along and
including Fulton to the ocean; along the
ocean and bay line to the point of begin-
ning.
District No. 4 -Beginning at the easterly
termination of Channel street, along but not
including Channel to Division; along but not
including Division to Thirteenth: along but
not Including Thirteenth to Ridley; along but
not including Ridley to Buena Vista avenue;
along but not including Buena Vista avenue
to Frederick; along but not including Fred-
erick to H street; along and including H
street to the ocean: along the ocean line to 1
the Snn Mateo County line; along the San
Mateo County line to the bay; along the bay j
line to point of beginning.
Specifications: Gas— The gas to he furnish- |
ed to be of a standard quality and illumin-
ating power of not less than seventeen can-
dles, said illuminating power to be deter-
mined by t"sts made by the gas inspector
In his offlce, who will use for such tests such
burners as will obtain from the gas the I
greatest amount of light, and practicable for
use iiy the consumer, and consuming at the 1
rate of five cubic feet of gas per hour.
Lamp posts ami lamps--The lamp posts to I
be used to be of the same material and not to
be less In height than the lamp posts now In
use. and to lie erected and lighted at such
location as may lie designated by the board.
The number of lamp posts to be erected
and maintained during the continuance of the
contract shall not exceed 4SOO In all. and to
be erected and maintained at or contiguous j
to the present locations of street lamps !
erecfd throughout the city and county, ex- !
pept the locations wherein the ftret-ts or por-
tions of streets are to be llght"d by elec-
tri ity. nnd at such location as may be dcs»
lgnated by the board, the board to have thr i
ri^ht to change the location of the same from !
time to time upon payment of the actual ]
cost of labor and material In making said j
changes or removals. When lamps are or- !
dercd to be erected In certain sections of the
city where no mains are laid then the mains
shall be extended <>r arrangements made by
Which the lighting of said sections of the city
shall be effected, but in no event shall more •
lights be erected than can be paid for out of i
the fund provided for street lighting during
the fiscal year.
Lamps- -The lamps to be similar to those |
now in use, or such as may be approved by \
the boatd. and the burner to be used In the
lamps in lighting the public streets to con-
sist of a single burner of the same size
now used In the main thoroughfares. The
burners of the various lamps to average a
consumption of not less than five cubic feet
per hour.
The lamp posts, lamps, service pipes, mains
and all appurtenances incidental and neces-
sary to complete and equip the lamps r#ady
for lighting to be furnished by the successful
bidders, who shall erect, maintain and keep
the jame In proper condition and repair.
Lighting lamps— The last lamp on each lamp-
lighter's beat to be lighted one hour aftei
sunset and to be extinguished one-half hour
before sunrise, except that during the night
fif full moon, the night precading and the
night following no lamps shall be lighted.
Specifications: Electric lights— The poles,
wires, conductors, lamps, carbon electrodes
and each and every appliance, article or ap-
paratus which may be necessary for electric
lighting to be furnished nnd erected and
kept in good order and condition by the suc-
cessful bidder.
The wires and conductors to be thoroughly
Insulated and placed In such locations and In
such manner as will prevent them from be-
ing tampered with or handled by any unau-
thorized person or pprsons; It being distinct-
ly understood that the city and county shall
not be responsible, but must be held harm-
less against any claim for damages for any
injury or accident which may be occasioned
by the wires or conductors, and against any
claim for damages by reason of any In-
fringement of any patent right In the use
of the lamps, machinery or appliances con-
nected with the said electric light.
The said masts to be erected and maintain- I
ed at or contiguous to the present locations i
of the masts erected throughout the city and j
county, with the distinct understanding that
the board reserves the right to change the
locations of and designate the character and
power of the electric lights and the height
of the mast to be used at any particular lo-
cation during the continuance of the con-
trait upon the payment of the actual cost of
labor and mnterlals in making said changes
or removals.
The electric lights to be provided are as
follows:
Six hundred and thirty-eight masts not
exceeding 40 feet high, 2000 caiidle power arc
lights; 50 poles not exceeding 25 feet In
height on Market street from the ferries to
Valencia street; 22 poles not exceeding 2-i feet
In height on Van Ness avenue, from Mnrket
street to Broadway; 263 lights suspended over
the renter of streets herein designated, to h*
hereafter apportioned or erected at such other
locations as may be designated by this board.
In case any additional lights are needed
the same to be erected at such locations as |
may be determined by the committee on
street lights, under the direction of the board. I
and shall be furnished when required during
the continuance of the contract, but In no
event shall more lights be erected than can
be paid for out of the fund provided for
street lighting during the fiscal year.
The lamps to be lighted during the entire !
night from one hour after sunset until one- I
half hour before sunrise; except that during
the night of full moon, the night preceding
and the night following, no lamps shall be
lighted.
Provided that the nine (9) lamps In China- j
town shall be lighted each and every flight. 1
General provisions— All the lamps to be kept i
In proper condition and cleaned at least twice |
In each week, nnd at each of said cleanings !
all the glass shall be thoroughly cleaned, j
both on the Inside and outside of the lamp, '
and all dust and dirt shall be brushed from j
the frames. The lamps are to be repaired :
and reglazed within twenty-four hours after I
any portion of the same is broken.
Street signs— The names of streets, plnees
and alleys to be painted on the gas and elec-
tric lamps throughout the city and county
at street crossings, main and subdivision
street intersections and at the Intersections
of places and alleys with the main streets ;
at main street crossings two names on each j
lamp, at Intersection of main streets not
less than two names on each lamp: at inter- !
section of subdivision streets, places or al-
leys, not less than, two names on each lamp.
The letter, color, style and location of the
names on the lamps to be approved or desig-
nated by the Board of Supervisors. The
names of street?, etc., on each lamp to be
kept clean and In position so as to he plain-
ly visible, and within twenty-four hour* in
case of breakage to be repaired and the
name or names repainted thereon, and In no
event are the lamps to be turned so as to
misplace the names of the streets as indicated j
on each of them.
No compensation shall be allowed for any
lump <>r lamps, either gas or electric lljcht.
except such as shall be lighted during the
whole time provided In the foregoing sped- j
flcatlon* under which a contract may be
awarded; also, that within three days prior
to the expiration of each month the gas
Inspector shall furnish the parties to whom
the contract Is awarded the time during
which the lamps shall be lighted and extin-
guished each and every night and morning of
the succeeding month. All bitis of the suc-
cessful bidders, upon the execution of a con-
tract and the performance In compliance
therewith., shall be presented and paid month-
ly at the end of each calendar month.
Notice to bidders— Bidders will estimate and j
bid a price per lamp per night, for which
they will furnish, erect, repair and keep in
good repair and condition all lamp posts. |
masts, poles, wires, lamps, services, street >
signs and appurtenances, furnish gas and I
electric light on all streets, places and al- |
PROPOSALS— Continued.
leys according to the foregoing specifications,
as follows: N , . .
First— Bidders will estimate and state a, price
per night for each gas lamp and each electric
light in each of the districts described with
the understanding that both i gas and elec-
tricity will be used in the lighting of, each
I district.
Second— will also estimate and state
a price per night for each gas lamp and each
electric light to light the entire city and
county as designated and required by these
specifications.
• The board reserves the right to award a
contract to light each district with gas and
electricity, or to light with gas and elec-
tricity the entire city and county, to the low-
est responsible bidder.
Vo bids . will be received or entertained
from parties who estimate on any contingent
event, or who cannot comply with, or who are
not prepared or qualified to carry out, the
terms and conditions herein imposed.
'Bidders will bo required to deposit with the
Clerk of the Board of Supervisors a certified
check, drawn to the order of the Clerk of the
B<-ar.l uf Supervisors, to be apreoved by
said Clerk, upon some bank in the City and
County of San Francisco, in the sum of ten ,
. thousand (SIO,OIXO dollars gold coin, condi-
tioned if the proposal Is accepted and the
contract awarded; and If the bidder shall
fall or neglect to execute a written contract
therefor and give a good and sufficient bond,
with two sureties, in the sum of thirty-
five thousand ($35,000) dollars for the proper
fulfillment of said contract, within ten days
after the award Is made, then and in that
1 case the said f.um shall be paid into the
City and County Treasury by said Clerk as
liquidated damages for such failure and neg-
lect. • . '
Blunk proposals furnished hy the Clerk.
It is also to lie distinctly understood that
the board reserves the right to reject all
bids If the public good so requires.
Also that the party or parties to whom a
contract is awarded will be required, prior to
or at the time of execution of the contract,
to ray the cost of advertising this notice in
three dally newspapers.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk. .
LOST.
LOST— On Sunday last, between Geary and
Mason sts. and Green st. wharf, package
I ship's books. Reward on returning to STEW-
I ART MENZIES & CO., 514 Battery st.
LOST— Arabian pin. set with diamond; liberal
reward. MRS. STANLEY, 119 Third St., be-
tween 5 and 6 p. m.
LOST— Yorkshire do*' Jack. 1711 Vallejo on
collar. Return to 710 Folsom st. ; receive lib-
eral reward.
LOST— Diamond pin Sunday, July 10. Reward if
returned to 909 I'age at.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
. clairvoyant and medium: while entranced she 1
will. reveal every hidden mystery in lite; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore loßt affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
23 and 26, 1206 Market St., opposite Sixth.
PROFESSOR OMAR
The Occult "Wonder
325— Eddy 5t.— 325.
Always See the Best.
Gives Invaluable advice on all affairs of
life, loye, business, marriage, divorce, etc.,
unites separated, causes speedy marriages,
removes domestic trouble, etc.; full names,
dates, facts, in all cases; fee, $1 and $2;
satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnose disease, full life reading; la.
60c; gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE, 1104 Market st.
(Vendome building)— Trance medium; unites
the separated; changes lack; locates burled
• treasures: letters answered; inclose stamp.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st." ■
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st.,near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader: past, 1
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 10. |
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles^ 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pro- I
fession; never fails; advice; help. 929 Post st.
YOUR future told by cards; ladles, 10c; gents,
25c. 221 Sixth st.
____________
SPIRITUALISM.
A— OCCIDENTAL Hall to-night, Larkin st. :
bring your afflicted to be healed free; ele-
vator. DR. S. TURMAN.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle, to-
night. 10c. 60S McAllister St.; come, skeptics.
MRS. BUTLER, clairvoyant and spiritual me-
* dium: Hindoo control: lO^to 5. 679 Geary st.
C. V. MILLERS materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m., 26c. 409 Leaven worth st.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate writing me-
dium. 113 Halght st. '
MRS. SHAFFER, test and -business medium;
sittings dally. 212 M; Sixth st. _^
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia st. ; read-
ings, $1; cir. Tues., Fri., 2 p. m. ; Sat. 8; 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER— Free lecture Sunday, 3 p.
m.. 30S Larkin: readings at res.. 853 Geary st.
" MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Flxth; telephone South 14.
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & Co., 230 Kearny St.. upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. ' Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market st.; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 64 per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. MeCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
2D mortgages & undivided Interests In estates
a specialty. H. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
MONEY «to loan; $1000 at low rate of Interest;
private parties. Box 75, Call office.
$25 AND upwards on pianos, furniture, real
estate. Address box 157. Call office.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest rates;
no commission; private. 116 McAllister nt.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Pryden, 413 Montgomery st.
~ EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post Book-
- keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892: catalogue.
NEW assortment of catchy comedy pieces and
latest war recitations for parlor, platform o»
stage use, taught by Mrs. Kincaid at her
school of elocution and expression, ircazar
building. 120 O'Farrell st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
Individual Instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
MR. AND MRS. DICKINSON'S Academy, 1247
Franklin st. ; co-educational boarding and day
school; complete English/ French. German
and Spanish education, art, $30.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course ;In Tarr's counting-room - makes you
thorough, room 572, Parrott building.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph.B., Fel-
low In Mathematics. U. C. 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. Charming way. Berkeley; write forclrcular.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.: day & eve.;
est. 1564.; VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary st.
SHORTHAND taught In 1 month; references;
private lessons: terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTlCE— Assessment Book of : Real and Per-
sonal Property. 189S.— Oftlce of the Clerk of
■~ 'Board of Supervisors of the city and county
of San Francisco, City Hall building, second
floor. July 6, 1698.
Public notice is hereby given. In accordance
wun section No. 3654 of the Political Code,
that the Assessment Book -of the City and
County of San Francisco, for the fiscal year
1898, has been completed and delivered to me.
as Clerk. of the.laard of Super -ors. together
with the map books and statements, and will
be open for examination in ; this . office from 9
o'clock a. m. to 4 o'clock p. m., and that said
Board of Supervisors met to examine the As-
sessment ■ Book and • equalize the ■ assessment of
property therein, !on Tuesday afternoon, July
5. 189S, at 2 o'clock, and will aiereafter con-
tinue In session from time to time until the
business of . equalization presented to them Is
disposed of, but not later than the 18th day of
July. 1898. : . ■:■:".• ■ .•
Applications for correction of • assessment of
real estate and personal property are required !
to be verified by oath. -•
Public i notice Is ■ also given that, In accord-
ance - with sections 1897, 1899 -nd 3654 of. the
Political Code, the Military Roll has been com-
pleted, delivered ■ over to me, and Is now open
for examination and correction, as provided by
law. JNu. A. RUSSELL. CleYfc.
■ ■ ■ - . . * .:■*-.■■
CITY REAL ESTATE.
I 100 ACRES or more In Visitation Valley, San
Mateo County, on county line. Inquire 54«
! Clay st. ...
$600— MUST sell; 4 room cottage and 3 lots;
2&X125 each; on Broad aye. THISTIiETON.
272 Sadowa St.. Ocean View.
;, COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
j $Sm£3Rsrl?y^c7^
! near town and station; level, rich land; good
for sugar beets, alfalfa, vegetables or fruit;
8 acres orchard; good house, barn, granary;
5 chicken houses, 2 horses, cow, iimiltry and
farm tools; this is a money-making ranch.
GAMAN & LYON. 215 Kearny st.
$3 50 PEK acre, 900-acre stock; ranch. Sonoma
County, on county road, . all well fenced and
I cross fenced, abundance of water and timber;
7-room house and outbuildings: 14 acres vine-
yard and orchard; easy terms: big bargain.
j C. F. MOORE, 935 Market st, room 4.
! CHEAPEST and beat in America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the — United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a .year. • • ■ -
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
10 ACRES at Lawndale Station; 4-room house;
barn; fine well; rich deposit loam; no adobe;
: two-thirds in fruit, one-third in bearing; fine
i climate: want house in Oakland. Berkeley or
San Francisco. WILLIAM P. TODD & CO.,
1050 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 908 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL, ESTATE.
$75 UPWARD; lots In the Allendale Tract, East
Oakland; $5 cash, $5 monthly s4so for a 4-
room cottage, terms to suit; $125 upward, lots
in Galindo Tract, East Oakland; nothing like
these lots for double the money anywhere;
but few left and must be sold; fine school
house; 2 electric car lines; streets all graded
and macadamized; city water and sewer; nice
homes surrounding. Call or send for circular,
j 455 Seventh st., cor. Broadway, Oakland. H.
Z. JONKS, owner.
WHARF for rent In Oakland, at foot of Wash-
ington and Clay sts. ; frontage of about 380
feet on harbor line: area about 200,000 square
feet. Apply to HERON & HOLCOMB. 1050
Broadway: "■,'•' ■ i
J. CALLAGHAN. real estate dealer, notary
puhllc; nropTty looked after. Sl4 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO* LET.
FOR . Furniture of 4-room house; also
chickens; house to let.- 1668 Fifth St., West
Oakland.
RESIDENCE; 9 rooms; bath: barn; large lawn;
tennis court; conservatory; : ent cheap; cen-
tral: 559 24th St., nr. Grove. Apply owner, R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact.. 1622 OrO*«.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
BOARD and rooms in newly furnished house;
central location. 613 17th St., near Grove.
ALL conveniences; new furniture; housekeeping
or -single; board optional; $3 month up. €70
Broadway.
FTNE sunny eulte: also sunny : Ingle room: va-
cunt .Tunf 1. THE ' "VT!. fi''" Kirhth «t.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE i '. household goods thin week.
T.HAAS' oM r*nn>. <01 TClpvfnth «t.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
alameda real estate.
sFeciaiTnotice!
first come. first served.
just LIKE paying RENT.
$1200, $1700. $1800, $2200, $2600. $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of Installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 5. 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and stations.
We are going to weed them out, and invite
Inspection MARCI SE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 636 Market St.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holldayi.
FOR .Bale immediately, cheap, house and lot
35jc1i3; 6 rooms and bath; all new improve-
ments; 2 blocks from Grand-st. Station; 1825
Pacific aye., Alameda. GEO. SCHNEIDER,
Alameda. .
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GREAT Bargains — $2000, 8-room house, lot 60x
137:6, rented for $22: 1 block from station: also
6-room cottage. $1350. FREESE & CODING-
TON. 2119 Stanford place, opp. Berkeley -Sta.
~~ MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 5» McAllister
st.; pills. $1; very strong, $2; cure, $5. a
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
traA-elers helped at once; home In confine-
ment; every case guaranteed; consultation 1
free and confidential: self cure, $5; pills, $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 208 Turk st.. near Jone».
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price, $1 50 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 32
Grant aye., S. F. A — Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or Instru-
ments used: restores in one day without fail;
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace: consultation free: can be sent and used
at horn«; pills and capsules. $1: cure, $5; by
the well-known DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny «t.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from- what-
ever cause: no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly;
home in confinement: consult free; hours 10 to
6, 7to 8. DR. and MRB. KOHL. 1122 Market.
LADIES, Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best: rafe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars,
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chiehester Chemical Co.. Phila.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
A BOON to wives and — Beguro; prict
$1 50; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro «. Manu-
facturing Co.. 531 X St., Sacramento. Cal.:
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: Bafe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD TSROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
MRS. ARCHBARD. midwife: home In confine-
" ment; confinement alone. $5. 156 Second st.
DR. HALL. 9 McAllister at.; diseases of
women and children. ■ ■
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works — Cleans,
moveß, • lays carpets. C. H. STEVENB, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to BPAULDING'S Pioneer 5 Carpet-
Beating Works. 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
J HcQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 461
«rneon St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
*. •- • \i'E Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Butter St.;
tel. ..Tain 394. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at So per yard; relald at 3e.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
■t.; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall ' will not be Inserted. They must be
handed In at either of the publication offices
and.be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BELLING— In this city. July 9. 1898, to the
wife of E. M. Belling, a son.
GODT— this city. July 11, 1898. to the wife of
H. P. Godt, a son. ■- " .
HARRINGTON-In this city, July 10, 1883. to
; the wife of D. F. Harrington, a daughter.
KATZ— JuIy 7, 1898, to the wife of Charles
•Katz, a daughter.
LAING— In Oakland, July 10, 1898, to the wife
of John Lai a • son.'
MEINS— In this city, July 9, 1898, to the wife of
1 William Melns,' a daughter.
PHELPS— In ' this city. July 4, 1898, to the
wife of W. H. Phelps. a daughter.
MARRIED.
McKIBBIN— Honolulu, H. 1.. June
22. IS9B, by the Rev. C. E. Winning, Dr.
Charles R. Blake and Lillian McKlbbln of
San Francisco." . ■ ■ •'.- .
BEAVER— In this city, .by the Rev.
-J. : Fuendeling, -- Joseph * Fehr and Mrs. Mary
- Beaver. ' ,; . ■■
IBURG— O'BRIEN— In San Jose, May 21. 1898,
by Justice of the Peace John T.Wallace, Her-
man E. Iburg of San Jose and Kittle O'Brien
of Ban Francisco.' ■ •
■ : - -- . ■ ■ '•■']'•.' ■' -■ • . '.
REICHERT— In this city, July 10,
IS9B, by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke. G. Lud-
l wig Reichert and E. Catharina Reeder, both
j of Fan Francisco.
VENINO— WEOLEHNER— In this city, July
10, 1898, by the Rev. J. Fnendeling, Albert
W. Venino of New York and Babette Weg-
lehner of Napa, Cal. ■ ■
DIED.
Ahrens, Henry C. . Kennedy, Thomas J.
- Bartman, Walter A. Laing (Infant)
, Blokeslee, Samuel L. McCauley, Ambrose
Ct*ipman, Mrs. E. McDonald. James
; Chelinl, Amabile- McKaig, Xariffa N.
Christiansen, Nanny Murphy, Clement T.
1 Coleman; Ellen Murray. Bessie
Cowles, Mabel Oak. Mrs. Mary
Crosara, Mario . O'Leary. Julia
Dyer, James L. • ■ "Shingleberger, F. W.
Green, George G. Sullivan. Laure E.
Harrington (infant) Sullivan. Patrick
! Hockin. William Voleman. Ellen
Hyland, James C. Woods, Margaret E.
AHRENS— In this city. July 10, 1888, Henry
Christian, beloved husband of the late Cath-
I erine Ahrens, and brother of Charles Ahrens
and Mrs. M. Hartmann. a native of Hol-
| steln, Germany, agerl 78 years 11 months and
26 days. "^nora, Tuolumne County, papers
please copy.)
CT Friends and acnuaintances are T respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the res -
' dence of his brother, 110 Morris avenue, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth, Bryant and Brannan
streets. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
, BARTMAN— In' this city, July 11, IS9B, Wal-
ter Anthony, dearly beloved son of Emil and
Winnie Bartman, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 months.
BLAKESLEE— San Jose, Samuel Larue
Blakeslee, beloved brother of Mrs. »George
A. Barnhart of San Francisco.
CHAPMAN— JuIy 9, 1898, Mrs. Elizabeth
Chapman, mother of Ida, Edward ami Louisa
Chapman and Alice Fennington, aged •54
years.
; IT7"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Zlon Church,
| Stockton street, between Clay and Sacra-
: mento.
CHELINI— Sonoma County. Cal., July 10.
1S!>8, Amabile Chelini, beloved wlfj; of I^az-
; znro Chelini, beloved mother of Iren Chelinl,
1 daughter of Mary Lucchesl, and beloved sis-
ter of Mrs. Filippina Gianni and Federico
Giuseppe and May Lucchesi, a native of
Santa Barbara County, Cal., aged 3S years 2
months and 29 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to nttend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the under-
taking parlors of laccheri & Baccigalupi, 629
Broadway. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CHRISTIANSEN— In this city, July 10, IS9S;
Nanny Sophie, only and beloved daughter of
\ Chris and Sophie Christiansen, and sister of
Otto. Frank and William Christiansen, a na-
tlve of San Francisco, aged 2 months and 25
days. • """
[C?" Funeral private, this day (Tuesday),
at 2 o'clock, from the residence of her
parents, 3763 Twentieth street, near Guer-
rero. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
COLEMAN —In this city, July 10, 1898,
at her residence, 1316 Hayes street, Ellen,
beloved wife of Daniel H. Coleman, mother
of Edward H., Daniel G., Joseph J. and Wil-
liam T. Coleman, sister of E. P. and the late
Patrick Enright, and aunt of the late Joseph
Enrlght, a native of Ballylongford, County
K«rry, Ireland, aged 54 years.
Friends and a" —■ » Intances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clocic. from her late
residence, 1316 Hayes street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, FUlmore and Fell streets,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
COWLES— In this city, July 11, IMB, Mabel,
wife of Paul Cowles, youngest daughter of
. Mr. and Mrs. James Marvin Curtis, and sis-
ter of Mrs. Denis O'Sulllvan, Mrs. Thomas
Magee and Marvin Curtis, aged 26 years and
4 months. '■":■. .:'.-.
CROSARA— In this city. July 10. IS9B, Mario,
dearly beloved husband of Maria Crosara,
and father of Celestina and Giovanni Cro-
sara, a native of Italy.- aged 37 years.
(n7"Friends and r.cnuaintances are respect-
fulfy invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from 917 Sansome
street. Officers ami members of Loyal Golden
Gate Lodge No. 7189, I. O. O. F.. M. U., are
hereby notified to attend at above place. .
E. LAUF, Noble Grand.
H. I. • WILSON, Secretary.
DYER— this city, July 10, UBB, James Louis,
dearly beloved son of Emily and the late
James L. Dyer: and brother of Laura S. and
Emily M. Dyer, a nativp of San Francisco,
aged 23 years and 9 months.
(r^Frlends and a -qu.-.intances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 2517 Gough street, between
Green and Vallejo. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
: GREEN— In this city, at the Potrero, July 10,
1898, George G.\ beloved husband of Rebecca
Green, and father of George A. Green, a na-
tive of Ireland. (Brooklyn, N. V., papers
please copy.) ""*
ITJrThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 19 Georgia street. Potrero. Interment
private, Laurel Hill Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
HARRINGTON— In this city. July 10, 1808. in-
fant child of D. F. and Anna Harrington, a
native of San Francisco.
HOCKIN— In Oakland, July 11, IS9S, Wlllam
Hockin, a native of England, aged 79 years
5 months and 11 days.
HYLAND— In thl? city. July 11, IS9S. James C.
beloved son of Jennie and the late James
Hyland, a native of San Francisco, ' aged 2
months and ll'flays.
KENNEDY— In this city. July 10. IS9S, Tfiomas
Joseph, dearly beloved and only son of Ed-
ward and Annie Kennedy, brother of The-
rese, Elizabeth and Genevleve Kennedy, and
grandson of Mr. and Mrs. Ed-ward E. Mealy.
a native of San Francisco, aged 6 years 10
months and 5 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 16 Gilbert street, thence to
St. Rose's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. •
LAING— In Oakland, July 10, IS9S, Infant son
of John and Etta Lalng.
McCAULEY— In this city, July 10, 1898, Am-
brose McCauley, a native of Belfast. Ireland,
aged 43 years.
GrFriends nnd acquaintances are respect-
full'.- invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1559 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Brendan's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
McDONALD— In this city. July 11, IS9B. James,
dearly beloved husband of Henrietta ■ Mc-
Donald, father of Etta and Lexie McDonald
and the late Mrs. Dr. De Witt, and brother
of the late John, Dougald and Hugh McDon-
ald, a native of Scotland, aged 63 years 10
months and 8 days. • •
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 333 Louisiana street, Potrero. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
McKAIG— In this city. July 11, IS9B, Xariffa N.,
beloved mother of Walter S. McKaig. and sis-
ter Of Mr. E. L. Na«h and Mrs. E. J. Scott,
a native of Wisconsin, aged 45 years.
MURPHY— In this city. July 11, 1898, Clement
T., son of John and Mary Murphy, a native
of San Francisco, aged 9 months and 2 days.
|C7The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday^, at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mlsion street. In-
terment private. in Holy Cross Cemetery.
MURRAY— In this city, Bessie, beloved wife of
C. A. ■ Murray, and sister of the late Thomas
Walsh, a native of Ballycedy, County Kerry,
Ireland, aged 45 years 3 months and 27 days.
OAK— In this city. July 10, 189S, Mrs. Mary
Oak, a native of Ireland, aged 63 years. (Bos-
ton, Mass., papers please copy.)
l£T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 318 Myrtle avenue, thence to St. Mary's '
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
"' mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
O'LEARY— In this city, July 10. 189 S. Julia,
dearly beloved mother of Mary O'Leary and
Mrs. 1 M. J. Hayes, sister of the late Mrs.
Dennis Bowen.and the late Andrew Turner,
and aunt of Mrs. C. J. Barron, Thomas A.
Turner and the late T. P. Ryan, a native of
Mallon, County Cork. Ireland. •
ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 457Jes«le street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. / ,
SHINGLEBERGER— In Rutherford. Napa
County. July 10, 1898, Francis W., husband of -
Leah Bhlngleberger, and father of Mrs. G.
Nlebaum and the late Frank W. Shingle-
berger. • (Philadelphia papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 11:30 o'clock, from Odd Fel-
lows' crematory. Services private.
SULLIVAN— In this city. '% July 11, IS9B, Laure
E.. beloved wife of J. E. Sullivan, mother of
Leola and Elsie Sullivan, and daughter of
C. H. and Alice Seaver, a native of Califor-
nia, aged 33 years. \
SULLIVAN— In this city, July 11. 1898, Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Annie Sullivan, and
father of Nellie, Kittle, Emma, Joseph and
the late Mary Suilivan, a native of Ireland,
aged 85 years.
(C7"The . funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 125% Valencia street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem ;
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
private, in Holy Cross Cemetery.
WOODS— In this city, July 11, 1898, Margaret
E. Woods, a native of Canada, aged 62. years.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER.
FUNEIIAL DIRECTORS i EMBALMER3 -
U iIfTH ST.. Opp. Lineoli 4*<>»»l.
Telephone, South 80.
JAB. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMER&
■ FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van •■ Heb* < aye., near Market st., Saa
Francisco. Teleohoa* So. 15*
■--■-■■ - . ~. ■ -■-■-•■ -■ .
1112
A RAILROAD
BARRICADE.
TORN DOWN
High Handed Outrage by the
Southern Pacific Manage
ment Resented.
Scheme of the Company to Assert Exclusive
Ownership of the New Ferry Depot
Promptly Upset by the Board of Har
bor Commissioners.
Southern Pacific managers, obvious
ly forgetting that San Francisco had
been emancipated from railroad slav
ery, sought last Saturday evening to
Introduce the old-time tactics of bar
ricading the water front. For very
many years the corporation had such
complete ownership of every official
connected with the Harbor Commission
that the political manager of the com
pany had only to hold up his finger
to the board in order to secure Instant
compliance with any decree from the
railroad.
Notice was given a few days since
by the Harbor Commissioners that the
new depot at the foot of Market street
would be ready for occupany on Mon
day, July 11. Although preparations
had been . making for years to get
everything in readiness to give the
public the advantages to be derived
from the occupancy of the new quar
ters, the Southern Pacific boats were
not ready to receive passengers on the
upper deck. Instead of issuing rush
orders to get the boats ready, the relics
of a past generation in railroading con
cluded to barricade the stairways lead
ing from the first floor of the depot
to the capacious and finely appointed
■waiting rooms and grand nave of the
second floor. The consent of the Har
bor Commission was not solicited and
the convenience of the public was
never thought of for a minute. It was
enough for the corporation to know
that the old boats had not been put
in order and the new boats to fit the
new conditions would not be ready un
til next October. What was more nat
ural then for the Southern Pacific, in
the light of its past dealings with the
California public, than to close up the
entrances to the depot and exclude the
people until the corporation got ready
to open up for regular business?
To the surprise and consternation of
every one about the railroad institution
from the president down the antique line
to i in ticket clerks, tiie Harbor Commls
sionera instantly removed the iron rods
barring admission to the second floor of
the new depot. In olden days such an
;,. r would have been construed as hign
n and the offending Commissioners
would have been bounced from office and
; out to the cold charities of the
I. The audacious Harbor Commis
rs who removed the bars did not
complain to the managers of the railroad
al out the obstruction, l:ut simply treated
the corporation as a common trespasser
str.'l broke rf'iwn the iron gates. So far as
can be ascertained the company has not
demanded of Governor Budd that the
Commissioners be removed. Everything
is differeni from the style of the old
days wlvti Governors s-'nt around ever>
Pi< rn'ng to get instructions from railroad
« arters.
The utter lack of enterprise in the man
agement of the Southern Pacific is again
very clearly exhibited. After all the
money and time expended by the progres
sive people of San Francisco to prepare
modern and first-class accommodations
for the traveling public, it is now found
that the boats belonging to the old South
ern Pacific are not ready to receive pas
sengers on the cabin deck. Noah could
have done better with his ark In the days
of the deluge than the Southern PacifU:
is able to do at the dawn of the twentieth
century. Forms keep moving about the
yellow building and there is a tradition
that some of the inhabitants of the hous«
are really alive, but one watching the
construction and repair of the ferry boats
to fit the new depot landings would not
fancy that vitality existed in the man-
agem^nt.
The trouble between the Commission
ers and the railroad grew out of the
quarters set aside for the Southern Pa
cific in the new ferry depot. The Har
bor Commissioners notified the corpora
tion last week that the apartments in
the building that had been arranged for
them would be ready for occupancy on
Tuesday, and it was supposed that the
long-suffering public, after years of
•waiting, would be at last afforded th«?
luxury of up-to-date depot accommoda
tions.
On Saturday the board was shocked
with the statement that the Southern Pa
cific Company had sent its employes to
the ferry depot and erected barriers to
ADVERTISEMENTS
Cured By
The most effective skin purifying and
beautifying soap in tho world, a.3 well as
purest and sweetest for toilet, bath, and
nursery.
It is the only preventive of pimples,
blackheads, red, rough, and oily skin, red,
rough liands with shapeless nails, dry,
thin, and falling hair, and simple baby
blemishes. It is so because it strikes at
the cause of most comi>lexional disfigura-
tions, viz., the Clogged, Irritated,
Inflamed, Overworked, or Sluggish
Pore.
I suffered two years with Acne. 1 have tried
all kinds of medici nes but they did me no pood
lhavc used nine cakes of your Soap, ami I am
cured. M v skin is as smooth as any baby.
Feb. 22, LEE L. FISHER,
933% >. Compton Aye., St. Louis, Mo.
Before nsinjr Clticuba Soap, my face and
hands were just as rough as they could be and
my face was all covered with pimples. I was
unfit to look at, but after using Cuticuba'*
Soap three weeks jiy face was equal to velvet.
Feb. 1»%. PAUL DUPRE, Chaler, La.
I suffered with blackheads and pimples for
two or three years until it became chronic. I
tried everything imaginable, but it did me no
pood. COTICTTEA Soap cured me.
Feb. 20, '98. L. V. GILLI AM, Oak P. 0., Va.
I was troubled for eight yearg with pimples
on the face. I commenced using Cdticura
Boap. In a very short time the pimples all
disappeared and my ekin is now in a healthy
condition. JAMES FOSTER.
Feb. 17, 1898. Dixmont, Allegheny Co., Pa.
- Hotd throughout the world. . Price. 2.1 c Form Dsta
AUD Chicm. CoEr., >'•'■• I'ropt.. Bontnn.
US" " Uvir to Invent aad Cur« Pimple*," mtilti Int.
! the entrances leading to the second
story and upper decks of the steamers,
evidently intending to use only the lower
floor, with all Us old-time inconveniences.
As soon as this fact was learned there
! was a hurried meeting of the board, and
; its first act was to order the barriers re
moved. Another communication was sent
; to the corporation in which it was noti
fied in an explicit way that until further
; orders they must remain in their present
quarters, known as "the cave of the
; winds." Furthermore, that explanations
were obtainable at the office of the
board.
In other words, the Commissioners were
individually and collectively experiencing
a high degree of temperature and deter
mined that there should be no such
wrecking of their plans of the disappoint
ment of the public.
"The railroad company pursued its
usual course," said one of the Commis
sioners, In explaining: the situation yes
terday. "It ignored the Board of Com
missioners wholly and simply erected the
blockades to the upper lloors. doubtless
supposing that all it had to do was to
head off the public and herd them into
the old lower deck chutes as heretofore.
and that would be the end of it. How
ever, the corimrat'on counted chickens
too fast and had not rf-okoned on the
fact that that Rreat building had been
built primarily for the convenience of the
traveling public as well as for the cor
porations that make use of it. There
was no trouble with the other two ferry
companies and the people who patronize
them can enjoy the benelits of the mod
ern building.
"What made the commissioners partic
ularly incensed was the fact that in the
construction of the section of the depot in
tended for the Southern Pacific Company
or.r architect and superintendent of con
struction advised with the representatives
of the company as to the arrangement of
the rooms, entrances and all matters af
fecting the convenience of the corporation
as well as the comforts of the public.
These upper floors, on which are tne su
perb waiting rooms and retiring rooms for
men and women, are the iinest things in
the great structure, the apartments for
ladies being fitted up as luxuriously as a
palace car; where they can fix their hair,
see that their hats are on straight . and
make themselves more presentable on ar
rival or departure from the city.
"We had just cause for ang.r at this
presumptuous action of the company, par
ticularly in view of the fact that It did
not show us the small courtesy to say
'by your leave,' or offer any explanation
for the astounding move. A couple of
weeks ago we notified these people that
there would have to be a readjustment of
the rental, and they replied that they
would 'take the matter up' after iuly 4.
The way they "took it up' caused us to
suspect that they had concluded to dodge
the rent of the upper floor for a while on
the ground that they did not need it.
However, we did not leave the matter
long in doubt, and with the removal of the
barriers notified the Southern Pacific Com
pany to stay where they were in the old
ram-shackle cattle-pen until further In
structions from the board. The way they
had matters arranged the. people would
have found even worse accommodations
than they now have in the old shed, and
that stems Impossible, but they would
have found It necessary to temper them
selves to the foggy, dusty zephyrs in the
corridors instead of enjoying their rights
In the comfortable waiting rooms. All be
cause the company found it inconvenient
to make things convenient for the public.
The Inconvenience lay in the fact that
they might have to employ a couple of
men at $50 per month to tend the gates
and take up tickets. On the other hand,
it looks as though ihey would not need as
many employes. It all comes back to the
proposition that for some small matter
that could be readily adjusted the com
pany deliberately fenced the peopi,- out of
thefr own property and went about its
business as though that were an ond of li.
The board does nut propose to submit to
any su<-h autocratic work, as time will
prove. We propose to see that that build
ing is devoted to and used for the purposes
for which It was intended."
There was consternation at the head
quarters of the Southern Pacific Company
when the action of the Harbor Commis
sioners was learned, and ad soon as pos
sible General Superintend' nt Fillmore,
accompanii l by Division Superintendent
Agier of Oakland and Agent White, hur
ried to the office of the State Board for :i
conference. '1 he private consultation
lasted for a long time, the full board be
ing present. Upon the departure of Mr.
Fillmore, President Colnon. speaking for
the board, said that Superintendent Fill
more had proposed jx temporary compro
mise, which had been accepted." upon the
understanding that it would be strictly
observed.
"Mr. Fillmore's explanation of the ac
tion of the company." said President Col
nnn, "is that the ferry-boat Oakland is
laid up for repairs and that the N.-wark
Is not fitted for taking passengers on the
upper deck; also that a new steamer wlli
not be completed for two months, at the
least. He proposed, however, that his
company take a boat from the Alnmeda
line and operate it on the broad-gauge
route until the Oakland was refitted. By
this means the company could operate the
Oakland line during the daytime up to 7
o'clock p. m., and give the public all the
advantages of the use of upper and lower
| deck entrances and reception rooms This
THE SAX 'FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 12, 1898.
service will begin on Wednesday at noon.
On the narrow-gauge only the lower deck
accommodations will be available until
the new steamer is completed."
Superintendent J. A. Fillmore, when
seen after the conference, said that he
thought that, under the circumstances,
matters had been satisfactorily adjusted.
"The company," he remarked, "most
certainly desires to conform to whatever
regulations may be laid down by the
board. In the present instance we were
handicapped by the laying off of the Oak
land, and thought that there would be no
objection to the postponement of the
opening of the upper entrances and exits
until our new steamer was completed and
the twenty-minute service inaugurated.
However, the Commissioners said no, and
that settled it. We will give the double
service on the broad gauge up to 7 p. m.,
beginning Wednesday noon, but on the
narrow gauge will only use the lower
deck entrance until the other boats are
ready. As the travel is light in the even
ing the closing of the upper entrances
after night will not be very inconvenient,
am. is only temporary at that. The trou
ble is over, and I don't think the public
will have any particular cause to com
plain of the arrangement."
Governor Budd, when told of the action
of the Harbor Commissioners, expressed
mm h satisfaction.
"You say the barriers have been re
moved." said he. "and that the rail
road company will operate the main line
up to 7 p. m.. as was originally intended?
That Is good. These matters are in the
hands of the Commissioners, and I am
satisfied that they will manage the affair
to the satisfaction of the public."
A DAY WITH THE OYSTERS.
The Twentieth Annual Sail to Mora-
ghan's Beds in the Bay.
One of those happy bay excursion par
ties that don't invite everybody to join
them and had inclosed cards of Invita
tion with the words "not transferable"
printed and underscored on the margin
assembled .it the Folsom-street wharf
last Sunday morning at S o'clock, and
from there sailed away on board the tug
Elizabeth and two sailboats for the oyster
beds of M. B. Moraghan Company down
the bay.
The day was everything that could be
desired and tho company being select a
more jovial party seldom pushed away
from the wharf for a day's outing.
The visit to sleeping bivalves, where
crows on hand yanked up the fattest and
most luscious of the tidbits inclosed be
tween their shells was a feature of the
visit, more particularly as by the time
the party reached the oyster beds the
guests were as hungry as a band of cap
tured Spanish soldiers and ready to eat
raw oysters with feathers on. How
ever, everybody was more than delight
ed with the trip and, judging from the
appearance of the party as it stepped on
the wharf at 7 o'clock in the evening, each
member looked ten years younger than
he did when he started in the morning.
The following are those who received
, invitations:
S. Wheeland, J. S. Oppenheim, J. F.
I Eggers. John Hillmann, William Tyrell,
; A. Reiser, William H. Haas. Harry Nle
marm, J. C, Conners, W. 13. Cooke, Fred
: Jones. F. M. Edwards, J. Gilmartin. Wil
liam Donaldson, W. E. Stanford, H. S.
Jones, M. Goldsmith, Dan O'Callagh.in.
I G. W. McN'icoii, George Dietterle, Robert
Brown, R. S. Buck, George Young,
, George Branson, W. A. Dobbs, George
White, William Ransom. W. F. Stone, R.
11. Johnston, J. J. «'olgan, E. Coret, John
Doherty, W. Bookstaver, John Moorey,
.1. W. Miller, William Hopper. William
Cathcart, W. Arnold, F. Allardt. Sam
; Johnston. A. I-. Black, Fred Hess Jr.,
Henry Goldsmith. Charles Wheeler, J. I>.
H. Boormann, Edgar Rourke, Walter IVr
klns, Dan Murphy and Martin ODea Jr.
GEEMAN SYMPATHY.
It Is Entirely With the United States
in the Present Trouble With the
Haughty Don.
| G. Holtzscherer. a prominent resident of
i Strasburg, Alsace, arrived from his home
; in Germany last night and Is the gruest of
i his cousin, Colonel F. S. Pott Mr. ilolt
scherer is an educated gentleman, speak
ing English tlut-ntly. lie was very much
surprised to learn on his arrival in New
York a week ago last Sunday that the im
, pression prevailed In the United States
that the people of Germany were un
friendly to the I'nited States on account
of the war with Spain, and that their sym
pathies were with the people of that coun
! try. Mr. Hbltscherer said that he had
conversed with hundreds of his fellow
countrymen in Germany and found that
their friendship for the United States had
not been affected in the least by the war.
On the contrary the!*; aympainies were
: altogether with the American people in
1 the present struggle.
"We have never forgotten that we are
relatives of the American people as mem
bers of the great Anglo-Saxon race." he
Bald, "and we take pride In the achieve
ments of a member of the family in
spreading the gospel of enlightenment,
progress ami civilization all over the
world. The English newspapers are re
sponsible for this false impression that
has gone abroad respecting out feelings.
All that Germany desires is to protect and
f- T~t < r her commercial Interests, ami we
believe that those interests will be the
gainer by the American acquisition of the
Philippines and the Spanish West Indies."
Mr. Holtzscherer is here on business
connected with the settlement of the Lux
oj Miller estate, in which his cousin.
Colonel Pott, is also interested.
Caught in the Act.
For some time past C. L. Samson, who
owns a paper warehouse on Montgomery
j street, has been missing bundles of paper
I left in front of his store by draymen.
He reported the case at the California
i street station, and an officer was sent to
| watch the store. Yesterday morning Of
fleer W. H. Young saw a man walk de
] liberalely up to the store, pick up a ream
of paper and start away with it. lie ar
rested the man, who gave his name as
George Dillon. Dillon has been selling the
paper to an Italian at 25 cents per ream.
: It is worth about $3 a ream.
■ ♦ .
. Heirs Will Receive Notice. ; v
An order was made by Judge Belcher
yesterday compelling the executors of the
will of the late James 6. Fair to give
notice to the heirs before applying; for
permission to sell real property belonging
to the estate. In consequence, the heirs
to Pair's millions will be apprised of
every move taken in the administration of
the estate.
HER VOYAGE
A PERFECT
MELODRAMA
Strange Happenings on
the Ship Eulomene.
THEY BEGAN WITH A WEDDING
VESSEL WAS NEARLY WRECKED
IN BASS STRAITS,
A "Dead Beat" Stowed Away and
Three of the Crew Were Washed
Overboard and Two Washed
Back Again.
Captain Ellis of the British ship Eu
lomene has passed through some exciting
scenes during the past six months. First
and foremost, while the vessel was in
Adelaide, South Australia, he was mar
ried to Miss Gertrude Hunt, a beautiful
and charming young lady of that city,
who accompanies her husband. While
the vessel was on her way to Newcastle,
N. S. W., she was nearly wrecked in Bass
Straits. After being loaded with coal the
Eulomene started for San Francisco, and
when twenty-four hours out a stowaway
was found aboard. The crew took him
for a second Butler, and he was treated
as such throughout the voyage. May last
the good ship wound up her adventures
for the voyage by having throe of the
crew washed overboard. Luckily two of
them were washed back a^ain by a re
turning wave, and were rescued by their
companions. The third man went down,
while everything possible was being done
to savo him.
Captain Ellis' account of the disaster
is short and to the point. His entry In
THE MEN WHO ESCAPED.
While on her way from Newcastle, N. S. "W., for San Francisco, three
of the crew of the British ship Eulomene were washed overboard dur
ing a gale. Two of the men were washed back by the returning wave, but
the third went down within a boat's length of the ship.
the ship's log is as follows: "While all
hands were hauling aft the main sheet
the ship took a large body of water over
the weather side. It washed Allen,
Thompson and McDonald aboard. Allen
and Thompson came back on the crest
of the next wave, but McDonald was
washed clear of the ship.' All possible
assistance was rendered. The ship was
hove to and the boats cleared. McDonald
failed to catch the life buoy that was
ti.rnwn to him and went down within a
boat's length of the ship."
The men of the Eulomene who had such
a marvelous escape from a watery grave
are W. A. R; Allen, an apprentice, and
J. C. Thompson, A. B. "What were my
thoughts and teelings when 1 found my
self in the water?" repeated Allen, slowly,
yesterday, when asked that question.
"Well, do you know, 1 don't think I had
any. it all happened so quickly that I
hadn't time to think before I was b.-u-k
alongside the ship, and Connor grabbed
me by the back of the neck and pulled me
aboard. Then 1 did think, and the
thought of, my narrow escape nearly
made me faint. You .see, it was just a
smother of water, and then a struggle
to g(»t my head above the wave ,lust in
time to see the vessel, as I thought, trav
eling toward me like lightning. The next
instant Connor had made his grab, and I
•was on the deck."
Allen is a gentlemanly young fellow,
who would go to sea, and this narrow es
cape has not robbed htm of his love of the
sen. -
Thompson tells his story in a blunt
Btraightiorward manner. "McDonald and
I were reefing the sheet." said he,
"When the big wave caught us I grabbed
the stopper for the sheet. This T held
on to for a minute and was thrown
against the side of the ship. I was badly
bruised, and thought more of my injuries
than I did erf death. The next wave
•washed me aboard again and the boys
held me until all danger was passed. Mc-
Donald grabbed the sheet ;.s he was go
ing over, and held on. Murray, who was
on the main yard, saw his danger and
came down, hand under hand, to help
him. but arrived too late. McDonald got
exhausted, and. letting go, vas carried
away from the ship. Everything possible
was done to save him, but he went down
before our eyes."
The disaster happened on May 2 In lat
itude 28 north, longitude 170 west. A
heavy breeze, Increasing to a gale, was
blowing, and the storm was accompanied
by fierce squalls and rain.
When passing through Bass Straits on
her way to Newcastle. N. S. W.. the Eu
lomene nearly went down with all hands. |
It was blowing a hurricane and not a j
stitch of canvas could be kept on the !
ship. She was drifting rapidly toward a
perpendicular cliff, which meant instant
death to all on board if once the vessel i
struck, when Captain Ellis ordered both
anchors let go. Luckily they held and
for eight days the Eulomene lay within
a stonethrow of a rockbound shore that i
was waiting to destroy her. 'When a
chance came to get away Captain Ellis
had to leave his best bower and 150 fath
oms of chain behind him, but he was
only too glad to get his vessel away with
that slight loss.
The day after the Eulomene left New
castle for San Francisco a tall, lantern
jawed man crawled on deck. He was a
stowaway and said he had eaten nothing
for three days. He was hardly able to
stand from hunger, so the first thing was
to give him a square meal. Then he told
First Officer C. Sherratt that his name
was John Walker and that he wanted to
reach the United States. He was useless
as a sailor, and as the men set him down
as a fugitive from justice Walker had a
hard time of it. He told Mate Sherratt
that if he wanted to know very badly
what he was he would tell him. When
told to "spit it out" he said: "I'm a pro
fessional dead beat. I've beaten my wax
over every railroad line in America; I've |
beaten my way on every steamship line
that runs to and from Europe; I've beat
en my way to the Southern seas and from
there to the Arctic, and I beat my way
to Australia, but I'll never do it again.
No chance back there for a dead beat to
make an honest living."
"What are you going to do when you
get to Frisco?" asked Mate Sherratt,
and the answer came trippingly, "Beat
my way to the K.ondike."
When the Eulomene anchored off Al
cntraz Mate Sherratt was going to put
Walker in irons, but the man protested
so earnestly that ho would not try to es
cape and the chancos of doing so were so
Blender that he was allowed his liberty.
Soon after this "Busty" Hart, the boat
man, took Dr. Mac Donald alongside the
Eulomene and the two of them went on
hoard. It was dark and no one saw
Walker slip over the side and into the
boat. He cut the painter and rowed si
lently away. In a few minutes the boat •
was missed and while another was being
pot ready to lower to go in search of it
Walker was nlso missing Then every
body knew what had happened. Walker
rowed ashore and then cast the boat
adrift Yesterday afternoon Hart found
it on the Alameda mud flats. The "pro
fessional dead beat" is a tall, thin man,
and wears a full brown beard. His
clothing is fairly good and he will surely
make somebody suffer before he is long
In San Francisco.
There is likely to be trouble over Dr.
ifacDonald's visit to the Eulomene. He
went aboard before she was passed by
the quarantine officers, and now State
Quarantine Officer Chalmers says he will
have the master of the vessel and the
pilot who broueht her in arrested for al
lowing Mac Donald aboard.
DYNAMITE ABOARD.
Captain Gilbert of the Schooner
Aitair Got Himself Into
Trouble.
Captain Gilbert of the schooner Altair,
which arrived from the "Island of Gold"
la Sunday, rot himself into trouble yes
terday. He rec ived permission to dock
his vessel s»' AVashlngton-stret wharf to
discharge some ore (the specimens
brought from the new El Dorado), but
did not say a word about having dyna
mite aboard. An hour later a stevedore
ran into the Chief Wharti.iger's office,
saying he had to discharge the explosive
and did not ire to handle it with a lot of
drunken sailors aboard. Assistant Chief
Wharfinger Scott at onco ordered the yes-
Bel into the stream and threatened to
have Captain Gilbert arrested for dis
obeying the rules and regulations of the
port.
John McShay was arrested yesterday
for running away with a boat from a
British ship. He went for a Bail and then
abandoned the boat when he had no more
use for it. McShay is a joiner by trade.
Captain Fraser of the British ship
Swanhiltla is going to spend a well-earned
vacation at his home in Nova Scotia.
Captain McKenzie of the ship Brynhilda
la on his way here to take temporary ;
command of the Swanhilda.
The four-masted schonoer Honolpu was
launched at Alamtua last Sunday. She
is a sister ship to the Muriel, and will
carry T'.O.UOO feet of lumber. She Is IG2
feet* long, 36 feet S inches broad and 13
feet deep. Her first voyage will be to
Tacoma.where she will load lumber for
Sydney, N. S. W. From Sydney she will
go t.. Newcastle to load coal for Kahu
lul, at which place she will load sugar for
San Francisco.
The Alameda Will Sail.
The mails for dispatch by the Alameda !
will reach here at 8:45 p. m. on Wednes
day, July 13, and the steamer will there
fore sail at 10 p. m., instead of at 2 p. m.,
as heretofore advertised.
SICK AND DESTITUTE.
Sad Case of Mrs. Josie Williams, the
Young Wife of a Soldier in
Manila.
Mrs. Josie Williams, a young married
woman, was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital yesterday afternoon from 48 Oak
street, and will be sent to the City and
County Hospital. She is suffering from
fever.
She stated that she had to take to her
bed last Thursday morning, and since
then no one had attended upon her or
offered to go for a doctor. She occupied
a room In the house.
Her husband, Gus Williams, is now in
Manila, having gone with the First Cali
fornia Regiment. He is a paperh&nger
by trade, and what little money he left
with her was soon exhausted. She got
employment In the Sunset Restaurant for
a few days, which helped her a little.
Her maiden name was Howard, and her
father Is in the city, but she did not apply
to him for assistance for family reasons.
The Patterson Murder.
John Palmer, charged with the murder
of his neighbor, E. R. Patterson, by
throwing him downstairs, appeared in
Judge Hogan's court yesterday. As he
was not represented by counsel the Judge
asked Attorney Caldwell to defend him.
The evidence of Dr. Gallagher, who made
the autopsy, was taken and the case was
continued until to-morrow.
Indies' tailor-made suits; latest designs; w«
giv credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutter. r. 6 & 7.
ADVERTISEMENT?- V.V
B— B— B— D— B— D— O— H— B— B— B— B-S— B— Q— Q— B-Q— D— Q—
t FIRE SALE BARGAINS
I I3ST * Q
\ Ladies' Capes, Suits and Dress Skirts !
■ Below are a few samples of the BIG BARGAINS OFFERED THIS WEEK through- 1
JL out the balance of the SIMINOFF Cloak Factory Stock of Cloaks, Suits, Waists, T
T Skirts and Cloak and Dress Materials, THE LEAST DAMAGED PORTIONS OF r,
g WHICH HAVE NOW BEEN REACHED, and in presenting them would advise an |
I early se ; ection by intending purchasers, as the goods will be placed ON SALE MON- __.
g DAY MORNING and cannot last long at the ;.?^' : ■ " |
J, MERELY NOMINAL FIGURES QUOTED. 7.
! ■ LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS ! t
I :' ••/-"" ■ ■ I
B Q^r LADIES' BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, B
I jJI lined with percaline and bound with velvet; worth $1 50; I
pg sale price 95c each. ;- . ~ ; ' g
H <&l Z*(\ LADIES' BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, ■
I vJH.vJvF double lined and bound with velvet; worth $2 50; sale T
q price $1 50 each. . .:.^ _
1 GA ri(\ LADIES' MOIRE SILK DRESS SKIRTS, bayadere ' stripes, 1
¥ CpT»^vr double lined and bound with velvet; worth $6 50; sale T
' price $4 50 each. '
B gj
I <tft fifl LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, lined I
B CJJVI»W -with silk and bound with velvet; worth $10; sale price $6 B
| each. |
B CO Cfk LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, fl
CC tZ(\ LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS,
n »PC7»v-»1/ double lined and bound with velvet; worth $12 50; sale Q
| price $8 50 each. ,
- LADIES' SUITS! ' !
I <£^ (\f\ LADIES' SUITS, in brown mixtures, fly front jackets, lined "f
g- •PJ'UU with silk serge, skirts double lined and bound with vel- _L
I • vet; worth $10; sale price $5 each. , ■
7 £fi f^ft LADIES' NAVY BLUE SERGE SUITS, fly front jackets, B
' •PVI»vJv bound with mohair braid and lined with silk serge, skirts I
W ■ double lined and bound with velvet; worth $12 50; sale B
I price $«'SO each. |
Q , • M
I e'T Cf| LADIES' BLACK SERGE SUITS, fly front jackets, lined I
□ CJ>/»Jvr with silk serge, skirts lined with percaline and bound ■
| with velvet; worth $12 50; sale price $7 50 each. I
■ — B
| <i 7 CT/\ LADIES' BROWN CHEVIOT SUITS, fly front jackets, I
q •vJvr handsomely trimmed with braid and lined with silk serg-e, B
I ekirts doubie lined and bound with velvet; worth $15; sale I
g ' price $7 50 each. H
I • LADIES' CAPES t
B C'A (\f\ LADIES' BLACK SILK CAPES, lined with silk, yokes H
I uJT"«vi'i/ trimmed with lace, necks finished with lace and silk; 1,
B worth $7 50; sale price $4 each. ■
B • ___T . Bl
B [fli Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., / 7
■a Wr VJr &etrx Francisco. M I
■B
i . H
c -B- B- n— b— h— n— h— h— h — p— o— b— b— b— b— n— a— b— b
MINISTERS MEET IN
WEEKLY CONFERENCE
REV. T. D. BUTLER TALKS ON
MARRIAGE AND DIVORCE.
He Condemns the Present Marriage
State for Being Vicious and
Disgraceful — Other Sub
jects Discussed.
According to Rev. Thomas D. Butler,
pastor of the. First Christian Church of
Oakland, the- condition of the marriage
state in America is vicious and disgrace
ful. The well-known minister visited
this city yesterday and gave voice to this
statement before a body of fellow
ministers who listened with approval to
his views on the familiar subject.
"What is the relation of the minister of
the gospel to the administration of the
| marriage ceremony? is marriage a politi
cal association or modern institution? Is
the minister the agent of the state, of so
ciety or of God?" In answer to these
queries, the speaker said in part: "The
I condition of the marriage state in
America is largely vicious and disgrace
ful, hence the very frequent recourse
which is had to the divorce courts for
1. gal separation. I cannot mention any
evil more productive of misery and the
indescribable ills of human society. It is
Clear to my mind that if anything anrnng
us needs the purifying and sweetening in
fluence of Christ's religion it is this evil.
•'When we come to speak of society and
its mandates In this realm we are speak
ing of an uncrowned potentate whose un
bridled will may affect the personal popu
larity of the minister. Hut he is a servant
of an uncertain quality and quantity, that
he should for money insert the clause of
sensationalism by appearing officially in
public places to draw a crowd to see him
openly prostitute his otlice by making a
burlesque or mockery of sacred ordi
nances of the marriage ceremony.
"I hold that a minister of the gospel
commits sacrilege and thereby inflicts a
grievous injury on public morality, and
specifically on 'the marriage ordinance in
the popular mind and practice, when he
has reasonable ground to know the fact,
that he becomes a party to an ar
rangement by which a sacred ordinance
is prostituted into a mere spectacular
event for a money consideration or for
the entertainment of a crowd who furnish
the money that is to compensate the pro
moters of such a show."
Dr. Butler held that except on scriptural
grounds a minister cannot properly recog
nize divorce. "This.'" he said, "will neces
sarily involve absolute refusal to be a
party to the marriage of divorced persons
with* others. The minister of the gospel
is paid to maintain God's word and ordi
nances, and he cannot rightly join to-
I gether by the marriage ceremony those
where one or both have been unserip
turally released from their marriage ob
lii.:i ! lonS."
Dr. F. 11. Foster, professor of the Pacific
Theological Seminary, appeared before the
Congregational ministers and read a paper
on "What Constitutes the Deposition o*. a
Congregational Minister." The paper con
tended that when a man loses the certili
cation of his ministerial character by the
legal association of churches and minis
ters, he thereby loses his character as a
I Congregational minister and that such
loss Is the real equivalent of deposition.
The theory that action of a council is nec
essary to deposition was examined and it
was that such a council can only
! do what has already been done by expul
sion from the local conference and conse-
q uently does and can add nothing to what
the conference affects.
Dr. S. H. Wiliey and Dr. James H. War
i ren, pioneer ministers, were elected hon
orary members of the body.
The Presoyterians elected the following
as their olllcers for the ensuing term:
Rev. S. S. Cryor, president; Rev. R. W.
Reynolds, vice president; Rev. James
AVoodworth, secretary and treasurer.
Reports of commissioners to the Win
ona conference were heard. Rev. John
Hemphill told of the work accomplished
there, and Rev. Theodore F. Burnham
described the trip and gave other inter
esting information.
Rev. D. W. Chilton addressed the Meth
odist meeting on "The Social Problem."
He was listened to with great interest and
at the conclusion of his remarks a general
discussion took place.
Rev. Dr. Milnes of Fruitvale said that
the church was not doing its duty toward
the poor— not looking after their interests.
"Christ paid comparatively little atten
tion to the rich, but mostly to he poor,"
he said. "I consider that if we would do
our work God would not lift up the Sal
vation Army to meet the want."
MAY COMPROMISE THE CASE.
Growth of Timber Destroyed by Sul
phurous Fumes From a
Smelter.
Judge Beatty sat on the bench of the
United States Circuit Court yesterday and
called the calendar. Among the more im
portant cases was that of the United
States vs. the Mountain Copper Company
a suit instituted by the Forestry Commis
sion to compel the copper company to
pay indemnity for damages done to verd
ure.
The works of the company are located
at Keswick, Shasta County, and It is al
leged that the fumes have destroyed all
verdure in the vicinity of the works. It
is stated by Attorney Knight that th»
copper company will compromise the case
if possible and is willing to pay a reason
able indemnity,- as it is willing to admit
that verdure has been destroyed by the
fumes, and it alleges that it "is impossi
ble to carry on the business without gen
erating a large quantity of sulphuric
acid, which would either kill the fish if
dumped into the river or destroy the
verdure if vaporized. The company haa
chosen what it considers the lesser evil
and is accordingly willing- to compromise
the case if the law will allow.
The Oakland water front case was con
tinued for the term, us it is now being
considered by the Supreme Court. The
(•use of the United States vs. the Coal
Dealers' Association was continued until
September 5.
Chinese Robbers.
Wo Hen Tee 'and Won Win were ar
raigned in Judge Megan's court yester
day on a charge of assault to rob, and
at their request the case was continued
until to-morrow. They are accused of
going into the laundry of Mah Sing, 777
Folsom stivct, Sunday afternoon, and
attempting to rob him while he was
asleep on a lounge in a room in the rear
of the laundry. They were arrested by
Policemen Greenan and Murphy.
Willing to Compromise.
The executors of the estate of Dr.
Washington M. Ryer have petitioned the
Probate Court for permission to compro
mise a suit brought by James G. Phelan
for $3500. The application will be heard
next Friday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Is known and appreciated
from Ocean to Ocean as
Milwaukee's most exqui-
site Beer.
Val.Blatz Brewing Co.
MILWAUKEE. U.S.A.
Louis Gihen & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 4i6-418 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco.