VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 1(52.
GAGE AND NEFF ARE ELECTED
THE REPUBLICAN LEADERS WILL
RECEIVE LARGE MAJORITIES
BIG GAINS
RECORDED
EVERYWHERE
A Popular Landslide for
the Principles of
Protection.
Magnitude of the Wave of
Success a Surprise to the
Most Sanguine.
LOS ANGELES MAKES RESPONSE
Rolls Up a Big Plurality for Her
Favorite Son— Counties That
Were Considered Doubtful
Fall Into Line.
The election returns show be
yond doubt that the Republicans
of California have achieved a
great victory over their fusion
opponents. The predictions fre
quently made by The Call in its
extended and exclusive reports of
Mr. Gage's tour of the State have
been verified. It was predicted
that the great surprise of the
campaign would be the magni
tude of the Republican triumph.
In the light of returns at hand it
is clear that Mr. Gage's majority
will exceed 20,000.
Another happy result is the
gain of two if not three Con
gressmen. Mr. Waters (R.) has
surely defeated his fusion oppo
nent in the Sixth Congressional
District, and Julius Kahn (R.)
has defeated James H. Barry in
the Fourth District. The wave
of Republican success may have
volume sufficient to overthrow
the fusion majority of 1500 in the
Seventh District and send to
Congress Mr. Needham (R.).
There is also hope that Frank D.
Ryan will win in the Second Dis
trict against the fusion candidate,
De Vries. At this hour the indi
cations are that California will be
represented in the next Congress
by six Republicans and one fu
sionist.
Returns from Senatorial and
Assembly districts are incom
plete, but there is no doubt that
the Republicans will have a joint
ballot majority in the next Leg
islature and be able to elect a Re
publican Senator to succeed Ste
phen M. White. The figures at
hand lead to the belief that the
Republicans will have a working
majority in each branch of the
Legislature.
A bitter and unprincipled fight
was waged against two of the
nominees on the Republican
State ticket. These two nomi
nees^Justice Van Fleet for the
Supreme Court and Charles F.
Curry for Secretary of State — ran
far behind the head of the ticket,
and one or both may be de
feated. The Republican State
Committee at an early hour this
morning did not concede the de
feat of either, and would not
HENRY T. GAGE, GOVERNOE-ELECT , OF CALIFORNIA.
claim that the incomplete returns
indicated the election of either.
The majority for Gage and
Neff in Alameda, Santa Clara and
Sacramento counties does not
surprise The Call. The results
were clearly foreshadowed by this
journal, which had the honor of
leading the battle for the success
of the Republican cause.
The vote in the State is close
The San Francisco Call
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1898.
up to the number of voters regis
tered, but is lighter than that re
corded in the Presidential cam
paign.
NOTHING DOING IN THE
WAY OF EVACUATION
HAVANA, Nov. B.— No business -what
ever was transacted to-day by the Evacu
ation Commissionerß. The members of
the American Commission seem much an
noyed at the unnecessary prolonged de
lay of the. United States commissions ap
pointed to select camp sites and arrange
for transportation, who seem to have ac
complished little or nothing but to post
pone the bringing of United States troops,
stores and supplies. The landing place
at Playa de Marianao will be completed
this week.
Suicide at St. Helena.
ST. HELENA, Nov. B.— R. A. Hawkins
committed suicide Ui the Windsor Hotel
this morning 1 . The man came down from
the St. Helena Sanitarium and immedi
ately went to a hardware store and pur
chased a pistol and cartridges. Then he
engaged a room at the hotel, saying to
the landlord that he was sick. Shortly
after the man entered the room a shot
was heard. He was found lying on the
floor in front of a mirror, his head in a
pool of blood, with the pistol lying by
his side. On his person was found a
letter from his wife, dated at Snelling,
and $4 in cash. He was an American,
aged about 65.
Athlete Fatally Injured.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. S.— Melvin J.
Banks, a well-known member of the X.os
Angeles Athletic Club, fell while pradtic
ing tumbling at the club gymnasium last
night and fractured his spine. The in
jury will probably prove tatal, though he
may live several days. Banks was prom
inent In amateur athletics here.
Drops Dead at a Ball.
MARTSVILLE, Nov. B.— While attend
ing a candidates' ball in Odd Fellows'
Hall last night John O. Wallace, a paint
er in this city, of the firm of Wallace
Bros., proprietors of Holt's Dyeing
Works, dropped dead. He was a native
of Pennsylvania, aged 27. His remains
will be shitjped to Sacramento, where
he formerly lived. A mother, two broth
ers and a sister survive him.
WIFE MTJBDEB AND SUICIDE.
Desperate Deed of a Jealous Husband
at Portland, Or.
PORTLAND. Or., Nov. B.— Andrew C.
Groom th!s afternoon shot and killed his
wife. Mattie C. Groom, and then killed
himself in a lodging-house at 24J% Front
street. Jealousy is believed to have been
the cause of the tragedy. Mrs. Groom.
whose parents are highly respectable res
idents of San Jose, Cal.. has lately been
employed at music halls In thia city.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
JACOB NEFF
A FAVORITE
WITH VOTERS
His Majority Is One of
the Greatest Ever
Recorded Here.
San Francisco Falls in With
the Procession and Causes
Surprise.
DEMOCRATIC LOSSES RECORDED
Districts in This City Heretofore
the Strongholds of the Bour
bons Are Now in the
Republican Column.
Gage has swept the city, and
5000 will not cover the plurality
the first count has given him.
From the strongholds of Ma
guire he has come out with votes
to spare; from districts supposed
to be hopelessly Democratic he
has majorities to show, and in ev
ery precinct, those lost as well as
those won, his vote has more
than realized expectations.
It was a landslide, for it was
thought Maguire would make a
hard fight in San Francisco, his
native political heath. Instead
returns kept pouring in to the
anxious watchers, each adding
more to Gage's vote, until there
seemed to be no one else in the
race.
The people were not left long
in doubt as to who had won.
From the very first it was so ap
parent that cheers were heard for
"Gage, the next Governor," al
most as soon as the polls were
closed, and then it swelled louder
and longer and higher until it
ended in red fire and rockets and
bombs, and all the signs of a
great and signal victory.
The most excitement over the
news was shown in the streets
and by the cheering crowds, but
in the State Central Committee
rooms was where the vote found
most appreciation. Prominent
Republicans from all over the
State were gathered there with
returns of the last election ready
for comparison with those of this,
and the monotonous click of the
telegraph telling of Gage's gains
in the country was broken only
by news of his victory in San
Francisco. It came by wire, by
messenger, by word of mouth
and by glaring skies, and when it
was all over friends took up the
tale to fill it out with congratula
tions.
Neither Maguire nor his friends
can offer an explanation of the re
sult so far as this city is con
cerned. At Democratic head
quarters it was confidently ex
pected that he would carry the
city by a plurality of not less than
10,000, and with this he expected
to overcome any plurality his op
ponent might receive in the
State outside of San Francisco.2
LANDSLIDE TOWARD REPUBLICANISM IN CALIFORNIA
GAGE WILL HAVE
TWENTY THOUSAND
VOTES TO SPARE
Republicans Elect Six
Will Have the Legislature on
Administration Senator,
The following returns by counties in
dicate that Gage's plurality in the State
will exceed 20,000. The Call placed men
at every county seat to send the count
as completed to midnight, with the re
sult that from the following dispatches
the vote on State, Congressional and
legislative tickets is accurately fore
casted:
Amador County.
JACKSON, Nov. B.— Partial returns
from seven precincts, making one-sixth
of the total vote <>f the county, Rive Gage
2 Maguin . 7: Ryan (R. I for Coi -
is somewhat behind the ticket, also J'.r.:-
r. Camlnetti (D.) for As
semblyman Is probably elected, but by a
reduce*', majority. Indications are that
will carry Amador by from 50 to
1 0 majority. Van Fleet and McFarland
are running slightly behind Gage.
JACKSON, Nov. S.— South Jackson com
plete; Gage 56, Maguire 42, Ryan 48. De
vries 47, Davis <R.> Senator, "72; Burk
ham 26; Tregloan (R.) ( Assembly, 43; Cam
inetti 56.
South Plymouth complete: Caminetil
42, Tregloan 31.
South Amador complete: Gage 44, Ma
guire 50, Ryan in, De Vries 48, Davis 60
Burkham 47, Tregloan 54, Camlnetti 44.
Butte County.
BIGGS, Nov. s.— Total vole 361, East and
West. Biggs. For Governor, as far as
counted: Gage 27, Mnguire 75, Harriman 2,
McComas 4; for Congress, De Vries 7f>.
Ryan 22.
Calaveras County.
SAN ANDREAS. Nov. S.— At midnight
the vote thus far canvassed indicates
that in Calaveras County the result will
be as follows: Governor, Gage 50 plu
rality; State Senator, Davis 25 plurality;
Assemblyman, Blood 50 plurality. Re
publican gains, but everything doubtful.
The county is very close.
Colusa County.
COI.T'SA. Nov. V— At midnight the vote
thus far canvassed indicates that in Co
lusa County the result will be as follows:
Governor. James G. Maguire 500 plural
ity; Supreme Ju.ige, William Cbnle
plurality; Supreme Judge, W. Van Dyke
500; Congressman, John A.Jones 450; State
Senator, John Boggs 600; Assemblyman,
F. B. Glenn 550 plurality. So far the
count in this county shows that the
entire Democratic ticket will be elected,
the close fight being for Sheriff and
Treasurer.
«.
Contra Costa County.
BRBNTWOOD, Nov. 8. -Total vote cast
191- V ivernor ai 9p. m.: Gage 15,
Magui: :;. Mi I :omas ::.
El Dorado County.
PLACERVILLE, .\ov. B.— Partial re- .
turns from thirteen precincts in El Dorado I
County give Gage 367, Maguire 377. For j
Justice of the Supreme Court, only eight
precincts gave partial returns as follows: i
Van Fleel is<. M< Farland 192, Van Dyke I
247. Conley '-■'•'■<; for Congress, De Vries 34;}, j
Ryan 283; for Railroad Gommistaoner, Ed
son 24b. La Rue 27:>: for Assembly, Hill
1.D.), 329; Raw (R.). 353.
Fresno County.
FRESNO. Nov. S.— At miilnig-ht the vote
thus far canvassed indicate* that in Fres-
DO County the vote will be as follows:
Governor— Maguire 500 plurality. Supreme
Judges— Conley 400 plurality ; Van Dyke
200 plurality. Congressman— Castfe 450
plurality. State Senator— Dr. Chester
Rowell, 500 plurality. Assemblyman,
Sixty-second District— Harris 150 plurality.
Assemblyman, Sixty-third— Hart, 300 plu
rality. Returns very incomplete. Figures
obtainable are little more than conjec
tures. The men narrfed will probably bo
elected.
Glenn County.
WTJjLOwS. Nov. \ Ai midnight the
vote thus for < -arivayspd Indicftt^s that in
Glenn County the result will give the
following pluralities^: Maguire 257, Coniey
290, Van Dyke 240. Jones ID.) 200, HoCh
heimer i~l<:> 150, Glenn (Oil i>.h\
Humboldt County.
EUREKA ; Nov. s.— At midnight tha
vote thus far canvassed indicates that
In Humboldt County the result will be aj
follows; Governor, Gage. 400 plurality.
Supreme Judge. McFarlaud, 200 plurality;
Van Fleet. l'«J plurality. Congressman,
Harham, Vm plurality. -A; -scmblyman,
Marvta.' 150 pluralit} ; Boynton. ]>*) plu
rality.
Kern County.
BAKKRSFIEI.D. Nov. X— At midnight
the vote thus far canvassed Indicates that
In Kern Coimty the result' will be as fol
lows: Governor, Gage ill.). 10S plurality;
Supreme Judge, McFarlAhd (R.), 96 plur
ality; Supreme Judge, van FN-et 9»5 plur
ality; Congressman, Needham (H.), PC
plurality; State Senator, Smith iK.i, 150
plurality; Assemblyman, Dale (R.), 135
plurality.
Kings County.
HANFORD, Nov. S.— At midnight the
vote thus fur ranvassod indicates that In
Kings County the result will be as fol
•.ciws: Governor, Gage 100 plurality: Su
prome Judge, McFarland 75 plurality;
Van Fleet 80 plurality; Congressman.
NVfdhani 325 plurality; State Sehator,
McCord 25 plurality; Assemblyman, Cas
par 40 plurality.
UOMOORE. Nov. B.— Complete returns
will not be obtainable before to-morrow
morning. Total vote cast 269, out of 238
voters in the precinct. The vote as count
ed at 9p. m. stands: Thirty-one for
Maguire, 25 for Gage. As the precinct is
Democratic by two-thirds, Gage is run
ning welj so far.
Lake County.
LAKEPORT, Nov. S.— lndications that
in Lake County the result will be as fol
lows: Governor, Maguire 50 plurality. The
Republicans arc making big gains
throughout the county. They will elect
over half the county ticket.
Lassen County.
SUSANVILLE, Nov. s.— Lassen County
undoubtedly is Republican by a small
majority. Partial returns from four pre
cincts give: For Governor— Gagr (R ) 107;
Maguire (D.) 48. Justice— McFarland irt.)
-■',: Van Fleet (R.> 71; Conley (D.) 50; Van
Dyke (D.) 48. Secretary of State— Curry
9S; Thompson 47. Congress— Barham
(R.), 102; Bewell CD.), 48. Senate— Laird
<K.i. S5; Fowler (Pop. i. 38; Baker <D. i, 31.
Assembly— Clougb <R.j, 104; Sinnott (t>.),
43. Railroad Commissioner— La Rue (D.).
55; Edson (R.), 95.
Los Angeles County.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. S.-At midnight
the vote .thus far canvassed indicates
that in Los Angeles County the result
will be as follows: Governor, Gage 3000
plurality; Supremo Judge, Van Fleet 10U0
plurality; Supreme Judge. McFarlantl 300;
Congressman, 2500. State Senator A. T.
Currier and C. M. Simpson, Thirty-sixth
District, elected. Both are Republicans.
Assemblymen ejected- as follows: \v. s.
Mellck in the Seventieth District, Re
publican; O. H. Hubar in the Seventy
iirst. Republican; J. M. Miller, in the Sev
enty-second, Republican; William Jtfead
in the Seventy-third, Democrat; L. H
Vak-ntine, In the Seventy-fourth, Repub
lican; N. P. Conrey, in the Seventy-fifth
Republican.
At midnight the Democratic County
Central Committee conceded that Gage
would carry the city of Los Angeles by
1000 majority.
PASADENA. Nov. R.-Gage 1074. Ma
guire 534 votes out of 1608 votes counted.
Madera County.
MADERA. Nov. R.-At midnight the
vote thus far canvassed indicates that in
Madera County the result will be as fol
lows: Governor. Gage 138 plurality; Su
preme J r udge, Conley (Dj, IS; Supreme
Judge, \an Fleet (R.). 126; Congressman,
Neeoham (R.). 39: State Senator, Rowell
(R.), 195; Assemblyman. Griffin (D.) 78
Marin County.
SAN RAFAEL. Nov. 8.-,u midnight the
vote thus far canvassed indicates that in
Maria County the result will be as lollows-
Governor— Gage 200 plurality. Supreme
Judge— Van Fleet 250 plurality; McFarland
250 plurality. Congressman— Barham 100
plurality. Assemblyman— Dunand (D.)
60. The vote for county offices indicates a
Republican plurality g/nyjally, but the
Democrats may get District Attorney,
Auditor and Treasurer, with the Sheriff
fight doubtfal.
HDLINAS, Nov. B.— Gage 71. Neff 04 Ma
guire IS, Hutchison 7, Curry 88, Thompson
20, Ci'lgan 06, Maples 19; Supreme Judges
McFarland sfi. Van Fleet 51: Barham Co,
Seawell 17, lj*ume?ster 86, Hinton 22.
Mendocino County.
T'KIAH, Nov. S.— At midnight the vote
thus far canvassed indicates that In Men
docino County the result will be as fol
lows: Governor, Gage 72 plurality; Su
preme Judge, Van Fleet IS2; Supreme
Judge, McFarland 60; Congressman. Bar
ham 38; State Senator. Hochheimer 27-
Assemblyman, McNab 38
Merced County.
MERCED, Nov. Three completed
precincts : in Merce,d give Gage 155, Ma
guire ISI, Curry #1. D Thompson 152, John
son 130, Woodman- 138 , MacFarlane f3 • Van
i'i>fi tl . Coniey- 20C. Van Dyke 108, Need
ham. 114, Castle 207, Hastings 205, Stewart
123. McNeil 137, Curtin 176. :lsaguire\s ma
jority will be 200, Castle's 400. Half of
Republican bounty ticitet will be elected
Everything looks bright for the Republi
cans.: ■_■■-, :■, :.■ . .': - -■■■<- "/■- '• '
Monterey County.
SALINAS* Nov. B.— At midnight the
vote thus far , canvassed indicates that
in Monterey County the result will be as
follows: Governor, H. T. Gage, ]fco plu
rality; Supreme Judge, Van Fleet, 100 plu
rality: Supreme Judge, McFarland XX)
plurality: Congressman, R. .]. Waters, 160
plurality: A«:i mblyman, O. S. Trimmer.
.ir-u'Hy. The votes thus far received
arr principally from Democratic precincts
Only ten out of forty-four precincts
counted.
PACIFIC GROVE, Nov. S. - The vote
r;ist on State ticket, as far as counted up
to 10 p. m.. Is as follows: Gage 65. Ma entire
3D, Van Fleet 44, McFarland 40. Van Dyke
88, Coniey 30. ►Curry, 64, Thompson 24
Johnston ."jS, Waters fi2. Barlow 35, Trim
mer V 3, Feliz 25. Blacktttock G2, Drvden 31
Napa County.
.NAPA, Nov^.S,-^The vote thus far' can
v'a^eed indicates (hat in Napa County tne
resort -will i T .e: For Go%-ernor— Gape 700
plurality. .No . returns to base estimate
on Supreme ' .Judges. Barham will carry
the county for Congress by 200 plurality.
Wade for the Assembly by 150 plurality.
Nevada County.
NEVADA CITY, Nov. S.— At midnight
the vote cast thus far canvassed indi
cates that in Nevada County the result
will be a.s follows: Governor — Gage (R.),
300 plurality. Supreme Judge— McFar
land (K.), 280 plurality. Supreme Judge —
Van Fleet. 250 plurality. Congressman — De
Vries (D.). 300 plurality. Assembly—Rob
inson (R.). 400.
Orange County.
SANTA ANA, Nov. B.— At mldnlgrht the
vote thus far canvassed indicates that in
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1898.
MR. GAGE SAYS THE
PEOPLE REPUDIATED
ANARCHISTIC THEORIES
Attributes the Republican Landslide iQ California
to OppositioQ to Ideas That Tend
Toward Social Revolution.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. B.— "The intel
ligent and thinking people of California
have placed the stamp of c".!sapproval
upon the principle of the single tax
and all other propositions advanced by
theorists that have a tendency to lead
to social revolution. This Is what I
would say was one of the great causes
of the political avalanche In California
in 1898 in favor of the Republican State
ticket."
This was the statement made by
Henry T. Gage, the next Governor of
California, at 11 o'clock this evening,
when asked to give his idea of what
were the causes that brought about his
phenomenal victory at the polls to-day.
"I take it that voters of this
State," said Mr. Gage, explaining fur
ther, "felt that the election of my op
ponent would give aid and comfort to
the anarchistic classes, and that it was,
therefore, essential in the interests of
good government that he be defeated.
"Under the leadership of Judge Ma
guire the Democratic party of Califor
nia made an assault upon the funds of
the public schools of the State, and this
the voters have resented in an unmis
takable manner. The result also dera
JUDGE MAGUIRE BOWS TO
THE WILL OF THE MAJORITY
Of course I have not analyzed the result of the election and cannot do so on the data obtainable to-night.
The issue was clearly presented between corporate monopoly and popular rights. We made a great and
earnest and clean fight. We were supported by as grand and loyal and patriotic a body of men and women as
ever glorified any cause on earth. A majority of the voters seem to have been against us and we bow to their
decision. The interests involved were theirs as much as ours, and, while we think their verdict erroneous, we
recognize their authority as rightfully supreme. Believing our principles and purposes to be right we will con
tinue to advocate and advance them, and will neither take nor permit any backward step.
JAMES G. MAGUIRE.
In addition to the above Congressman Maguire stated In general conversation that he felt relief that the
contest was over and that he was out of politics forever. He announced that he would Immediately resume the
practice of law in this city and would henceforth devote his whole time to his profession.
twenty-six precincts outside the city give
Orange County Gage will have from 2,*)
to 300 plurality. Needham iR.) for Con
gress is running ahead of the State
ticket. Chynoweth is re-elected.
Placer County.
AUBURN. Nov. S.— At midnight the
vote thus far canvassed indicates that in
Placer County the result will be as fol
lows: Governor, Gage 300 plurality; Su
nn me Judge. Van Fleet 300 plurality; Su
preme Judge, McFarland 300 plurality;
Congressman. Ryan 25 plurality; Assem
blyman. Lardner 200 plurality.
Plumas County.
QUINCY, Nov. S.— At midnight from re
turn! received it was estimated that Gage
will receive I*s plurality, liarham 160,
Van Fleet 75, McFarland 100, Clough (R.>,
for Assembly. 175. The Republican county
ticket, with the exception of School Super
intendent, and possibly Assessor, is
elected.
Biverside County.
RIVERSIDE, Nov. 8. — At midnight the
vote thus far canvassed indicates that in
fUverside County the result will be as fol
lows: Governor— From 500 to KOO ma
jority for Gage. Supreme Judge—Vail
Fleet, 500. Supreme Judge— Met arland,
500 Congressman— Ne'edham, 700. Ab
semblyman-Milice (R.), 700.
Sacramento County.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. B.— At midnight
the vote thus far canvassed indicates that
in Sacramento County the result will be
as follows: Governor, Gage 1200 plural
ity Supreme Judge, McFarland 1000; Su
preme Judge. Van Fleet 1000: Congress
man, F. D. Ryan (R.). »00; Assemblyman,
Grove L Johnson (R.). 300: \V. D, Knights
(R ) 100 In the Twenty-second A«s«rn
blv District the contest between William
Johnson (R.I and Morris Brooke (fusion
ist) is BO Close that the result cannot be
foretold at this hour.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 9.— Returns from
twenty-five precincts out of sixty-eight in
the county up to 1 o'clock give: Gage.
835; Maguire, 700. Curry for Secretary of
State 915, Thompson, 012. Colgan for
Controller, 970; Maples, 555; McCraney for
Clerk of Supreme Court. 727; Root, 7.>' J.
Johnston for Superintendent of State
Printing 910; Woodman. 616. For Su
preme "Court Justices— Conley. 50*; Mc-
Farland, 766; Van Dyke, 520; Van Fleet.
KO7 For Congressman— De Vries, 832;
Ityan 746. For Railroad Commissioner—
Edson 903; La Rue, 642. For the Assem
bly—Twentieth District, Dwyer (D.), 207;
Grove Johnson, 283. Assembly—Twenty
second District. Brooke (D.), 608; William
Johnson (R>. 690. The Republican county
ticket elected by a big majority except
Hamilton for Clerk. There are yet sev
eral county precincts to hear from and
thirty city precincts. The city is more
largely Republican than the country.
San Benito County.
HOLL.ISTER, Nov. B.— At midnight the |
vote thus far canvassed Indicates that in |
San Benito County the result will be as j
follows- Governor— Maguire, 150 plurality, i
Supreme Judgt^-Conley, 200 plurality. Su
preme Judge — Van Dyke, 125 plurality.
Congressman— Castle (D.), 100 plurality.
Assemblyman In doubt; probable election
of Car Kill (R.) Republican county ticket
generally successful.
San Bernardino County.
SAN BERNARDINO,, Nov. : B.— mid- ]
night the vote thus far canvassed Indi
cates that in San Bernardino County the
result will be as follows: Governor. Gage
200 plurality; Supreme Judge,; McFarland
200; Supreme Judge, Van Fleet 250; Con- j
greaaman, Needham"26o plurality.- Close \
fight between Goff (R.) and Meservo (D.) j
for the Assembly, with odds in favor of
Golt. County ticket bndly mixed. ;
. SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. S.— Partial
returns from nine precincts give Gage j
223. Maguire 200. The same precincts two ;
years ago- gave McKinley; s9**, ■ Bryan IIS. !
San Diego County.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. B.— At midnight the
vote thus far canvassed indicates that in
San Diego County the result will be as
follows: Gage 400 plurality.
Supreme Judge, McFarlanfl 250 plurality.
Supreme Judge, Van Fleet, 150 plurality.
Congressman, Needham (R.) 300 plurality.
State Senator. A. E. Nutt (R.) 400 plural- !
ity. Assemblyman. Lewi? R. Works '
(R.I, Seventy-ninth District. 000 plurality.
Assemblyman, A. S. Crowden (R.), Eight
ieth District. 100 majority. Republicans i
elect entire ticket except County Clerk.
Partial returns from 40 precincts give
Gage 1102. Maguire 1005. Maguire will car
ry the county by 50. Needham's majority
about 100. Entire- Republican legislative
ticket elected.
SAN DTEGO, Nov. 9. — Returns from
onstrates the fact that the worklngmen
both in the cities and In the agricultu
ral districts of this State are not to be
fooled longer by idle clamoring of
windy demagogues, who make loud pre
tensions as to what they have done and
will do in favor of the toiling masses.
In the future laboring men of this
State, In voting, will be governed by
reason and Judgment and will not fol
low the blind leadership of self-consti
tuted champions of their interests, who
talk much and do little for them.
"The vote in California is also a mag
nificent indorsement of President Me-
Kinley's administration. It demon
strates conclusively that the people of
this State are believers in his wisdom
and patriotism.
"To the indefatigable labors of Major
McLaughlin and his associates on the
Republican State Central Committee
the thanks of all Republicans are due,
as well as to the Republican and in
dependent press of California, for the
result to-day.
"As Governor of California, I pro
pose to carry out every pledge con»
tamed in our platform and every prom
ise I have made to the people of the
State from the stump. Every interest,
Gage 707, Maguire 601, Needham (R.), 713;
Castle (fusiont. (120: for State Senate,
Nutt 684, Thomas 450; for Assembly, Crow
der (R.), 740; Hammond (fusion), 422.
San Joaquin County.
STOCKTON, Nov. B.— At 11 o'clock the
vote thus far canvassed indicates that In
San Joaquin County the result will be
about as follows: Governor — Gage, 750
plurality. Supreme Judge— Van Fleet, 200
plurality. Supreme Judge— Van Dyke. 100
plurality. Congressman— De Vries (D.),
IWO plurality. State Senator — Duiilap
i K.i, 100 plurality. Assemblyman—Muen
ter (R.). 250 plurality.
STOCKTON. Nov. P.— Gape's majority
la assuredly 650 at the lowest.
De Vries' vote is falling off. He may
only have 800 majority in San Joaquin
County.
The vote Is coding in slowly. On Jus
tices it is mixed, hut Van Fleet will have
a -small majority; McFarland uncertain.
STOCKTON. Nov. 9.— Eighteen pre
cincts out of 50 in San Joaquln County
frtve Gage 958, Maguire 70fi. Same gave
McKinley 887, Bryan 852. So far De Vries
has 988, Ryan GOO.
San Luis Obispo County.
SAN MIGUEL, Nov. B.— Gage 40, Ma
guire 73. Waters 44. Barlow 72, Smith 43,
Roberts 72, Burnett 93. John 41.
San Mateo County.
REDWOOD CITY, Nov. B.— At midnight
the vote thus far canvassed indicates
that In San Mateo County the result will
be as follows: Governor, Henry T. Gage,
225 plurality: Supreme Judge, \V. C. Van
Fleet 100 plurality; Supreme Judge, T. Mc-
Farland 123 plurality; Congressman. W.
Craig 200 plurality; Assemblyman, F. W.
Eaton. About 65 per cent of the votes
counted. May run very close at the end.
Snnta Barbara County.
SANTA BARJBARA, Nov. S.— At mid
night the vote thus far canvassed indi
cates that in Santa Barbara County the
result will be as follows: Governor,
Gage 30i) plurality; Supreme Judge, Van
) Fleet 200 plurality; Supreme Judge, Mc
! Farland 150 plurality; Congressman. Wa
ters 400 plurality; Assemblyman, Charles
Merritt (R.) 400.
Santa Clara County.
SAN JOSE, Nov. B.— Returns are com
ing in very slowly and but a few small
precincts have been counted. At midnight
the vote canvassed indicates that in
Santa Clara County the result will be as
follows: Governor, Henry T. Gage by
1200 majority; Supreme Judge, McFar
land; Supreme Judge. Van Fleet; Con
gressman, Fifth District, E. F. Loud;
State Senator, C. M. Shortrldge; Assem
blyman, Fifty-fifth District, J. D. Kelsey;
Fifty-fourth District, W. A. Clark; Fifty
sixth District, Matt Arnerich.
"Jim" Rea was buried under an aval
anche of ballots to-day. President E. A.
Hayes of the Republican Good Govern
ment League said at midnight: "Gage
has carried the county by 1000 and Neff
by 15W. The entire State Republican
ticket has received majorities around the
1200 mark. Loud will have 1000 majority
j In the county, and the Republican logis
i lative ticket ha.s been elected. The anti
! gang: ticket, with the exception of Sur-
I veyor, has scored a victory."
Everything points to the election of the
I following ticket: Superior Judge, A. S.
! Kittredge; Sheriff, James H. Lyndon;
Clerk, Henry A. Pfister; Superintendent
of Schools. L. J. Chipman; Assessor,
iewls Amiss Spltzer; Treasurer. Ernest
ty. Conant; District Attorney, J. H.
Campbell; Recorder, Thomas W.
Treanor; Auditor, A. L. Veuve: Tax Col
lector, William A. January; Coroner,
'■ Martin D. Kcll; Surveyor, J. G. McMll
■ lan; Supervisor, First District, R. M. !
I Phelps; City Justice, William T. Aggeler: j
! Justice, San Jo?e Township. J. T. Wai
lace; Justice, San Jose Township, E. M.
Kosenthal. This is the Good Government
ticket with the exception of McMillan for
Surveyor. Reports from Gilroy state that j
Elmer Rea, brother of Boss Rea, has i
been defeated for Supervisor. C. M.
Shortrldge has been elected Senator in
the Thirtieth District: J. D. Kelsey In the
Fifty-fifth Assembiy District. Matt I
Arnerich in the Fifty-fourth District and ,
W. A. Clark in the" Fifty-sixth District.
All four are Republicans.
Complete returns for the following of- I
flees have been received from these pre- i
cincts:
Wrights— Gage 31. Maguire 23. Assem- I
blyman: Arnerich 34. Marti:! 20.
Cupertino— Gage 3O.»Magu!re 2S. Con- :
gress: Loud 4S. Craig 27. ABsemblvman: I
Clark 44, Turney 31. .Senator: Short- j
ridse 43. Brown 31.
Hester— Gage 70. Maguire 57 Curry GO,
Thompson 57. Kirk 63. Reideko 46. Assem
blyman: Kelsey 67, Richardson 56. Loud
60, Craig 57.
Alvlso— Gage 47. Maguire 44; Curry 43, |
individual or corporate, will receive
full, fair and equitable consideration
and nothing more. I will give my best
efforts to secure an economical admin
istration of the affairs of state, and I
assure all my friends — and by friends
I mean the taxpayers of this common
wealth — that I will never give my con
sent to the expenditure of a single dol
lar of their money that I do not be
lieve Is "fully justified."
Mr. Gage received the returns at his
ranch, eleven miles from the city. The
results were telephoned to him from
time to time by his exultant friends.
The election In Los Angeles County
to-day was a very quiet affair. No
disturbances occurred and a light vote
was polled. Indications are that thf>
entire Republican county ticket is
elected by a good round majority.
George L. Arnold, for member of the
State Board of Equalization, will run
behind his ticket, although he may
carry the county. In districts where
workingmen reside there was a heavy
Republican gain for Gage. Owing to
the fact that very few straight party
tickets were voted the count Is very
slow and not before noon to-morrow
can exact figures be given.
Thompson 39; Conley 27. McFarland 45,
van DyKe 27, Van Fleet 43. Assembly
man: Arnerich 49. Martin 37, Shortridge
u4. Brown 35.
Agnews-Gage 56. Maguire 46. Short
ridge 31. Brown 48, Clark 34. Turnev 46
Rucker— Gage 43, Maguire 41, Arnerich
29, Martin 56.
Cottage Grove-Gage 49. Maguire 21,
Loud 43, Craig 23.
Santa Cruz County.
; SANTA CRUZ, Nov. S.-At midnight
! the vote thus far canvassed indicates
! that in Santa Cruz County the result will
;be as follows: Governor— Gage. 250 plu
; ralit3-. Supreme Judge— Van Fleet, 225
; p urality. Supreme Judge— McFarland, 200
; plurality. Congressman— Waters, 225 plu
; rality. State Senator— Trout (R., hold
! over). Assemblyman— Radcliff, 200 plu
; rality. Republicans elect entire county
i ticket.
] CAPITOLA. Nov. B.— Soquel Township—
314 votes cast, 144 counted. Gage iS-
Maguire. 66.
WATSONVILLE. Nov. 8. -The vote for
Governor from all Watsonville precincts
up to 9:35 p. m. stands as follows- Ma
guire 265, Gage 184.
Shasta County.
REDDING, Nov. 8.-At midnight the
vote thus fnr canvassed indicates that
in Shasta County the result will be as
follows: Maguire, 450 plurality; Conley,
lo plurality; Van 'Dyke. 250 plurality-
Seawell <D ), 150 plurality; Laird (R.), 200
plurality; Bassett (P.). small plurality
Sierra County.
DOWNIBVILLB.- ' Nov. 8.-At midnight
the vote thus far canvassed indicates that
in Sierra County the result will be as fol
lows:. Governor. Gage 225 plurality ." Su
preme Judge, McFarland 225; Supreme
i ude %} an Fleet 250: Congressman, Bar
ham 250; Assemblyman, Clough 25. Neff
will probably receive 300 majority, while
Ford majority will exceed 350 ' :
Siskiyou County.
YRBKA, Nov. B.— At midnight the vote
thus far canvassed indicates that In Sis
kiyou County the pluralities will be as
follows: Gage 100. Van Dyke 7n. McFar
land 75, Barham 150, Laird 25, Johnson 50
Solano County.
SUISUN, Nov. Three precincts of 600
votes, of which ' 250 are counted, give
i Gage 168. Maguire 82, Hutchison 82. Neff
i 14,, • Curry 147,. Thompson «5, Colgan 166,
! Maples 71. Green. 75, Reeves 137 Andrews
88. Ford 153. Mulholland 82,- Wright 131
McCraney 79. Root 150, Kirk 137, Runckle
70, Johnston 145 Woodman 93. Conley 100.
McFarland , 106. Van Dyke . 82, Van Fleet ]
| 97, Jones 85. Metcalf, 168, Beamer 136, Pur
! lnton 90, Edson 149, Larue 98, .Assembly
Anderson 158. Miller 70. The chances are
that the Democrats will elect District At
torney, Treasurer and Superintendent of
Schools.
VALLEJO. Nov. B.— Four hundred and
ninety-three votes counted in a total of
2304 cast in Vallejo give Gage "5'J
! calf 247. Jones 188.
Sonoma County.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. B.— At midnight the
vote cast thus far canvassed Indicates
| that in Sonoma County the result will be
!as follows: Governor— Gage, 200 plurality
I Supreme Judges— McFarland and Van
I Fleet by small pluralities. Congressman—
Seawell (D.). 100. State Senator— Sims
(D.), 250. Assemblyman— Cowan (D ) 200
SONOMA Nov. B.— Seventy counted
j Gage, 40; Maguire, 30.
Stanislaus County.
MODESTO. Nov. 8.-At 11 o'clock the
vote In fivo precincts out of twenty-two
in Stanislaus County Is as follows- Gov
ernor. Maguire 70 plurality; Congressman
Castle C 2 plurality; State Senator Curtin
65 plurality; Assemblyman, Stewart 111
plurality.
Sutter County.
YUBA CITY. Nov. 8. -At midnight the
vote thus far canvassed indicates that in
Sutter County the result will be as fol
lows: Governor— Gage (R.), 75 plurality.
Supreme Judge— McFarland, 50 plurality
Supremo Judge— Van Fleet, 50 plurality.
Congressman— Frank D. Ryan, 20 plu
rality. Assemblyman— A. G. Raub 50
plurality. Assemblyman— A. G. Raub, A 0
plurality.
Trinity County.
WEAVERVILLE, Nov. S.— The vote in
Trinity County thus far indicates a plur
ality of 50 for Gage for Governor.
Tulare County.
VISALIA, Nov. B.— At midnight the vote
Lieutenant-GoVernor-Elect Jacob Hart Neff.
thus far canvassed indicates that in Tu
lare County the result will be as follows:
Governor, Maguire 4iH> plurality; Supreme
Judge, Conley 6'jO plurality; Supreme
Judge, Van Dyke 300 plurality; Congress
man. Castle 300 plurality; State Senator,
McCord 200 plurality; Assemblyman, Clol
felter 100 plurality.
GOSH EN. Nov. B.— Gage 18. Maguire IS,
Harrlman 3. Total vote cast 53.
Tuolumne County.
SONORA. Nov. B.— The vote of Tuol-
umne County was not as large as was
expected. Meager reports indicate a Re
publican gain. As far as received the
vote is: Gage 81. Maguire 02. Curry (R.)
104, Thompson (D.I 109, Conley (D.) 85,
Van Dyke (D.) 95. McFarland (R.) sg, Van
Fleet (R.) 86. De Vries (D.) 109. Ryan (R.)
97. Curtin (D.) for Senate 142, McNeil (R.)
75, Hardin (D.) for AssemMy 75, McDon
ald (R.) 134. Railroad Commissioners
running with others on the State ticket.
Ventura County.
VENTT'RA, Nov. '8. — A large vote was
polled in the county anil tho counting- is
slow, but in five out of twenty-three com
plete returns at midnight the vote thus
far canvassed Indicates that in Ventura
County the result will be as follows:
Governor, Gage 150 plurality; Congress
mas, Waters will probably carry the
county by a small plurality; McFarland
and Conley lead for Supreme Judges: As
semblyman, Greenwall 250 plurality; Rail
road Commissioner, Blackstock (R.) md
Board of Equalization (fusion) running
ahead of ticket.
Yolo County.
WOODLAND, Nov. B.— At midnight the
vote thus far canvassed indicates that in
Yolo County the result will be as follows:
Governor, Maguirp 150 plurality; Supreme
Judge, Conley' 100 plurality; Supreme
Judge. Van Dyke 150 plurality; Congress
man, Metcalf 150 plurality; State Senator
Cutter 100 plurality; Assemblyman,'
Jacobs 50 plurality.
Yuba County.
MARYSVILLE. Nov. B.— At midnight
the vote thus far canvassed indicates that
in Yuba County the result will be as fol
lows: Governor— Gage 50 plurality. Su- j
preme Judge— Conley 125 plurality; Van j
Fleet 115 plurality. Congressman— De
Vries 375 plurality. State Senator—Os
trom (D.) 100 plurality. Assemblyman-
Hicks (D.l 90 plurality. Indications are !
that R. E. Bevan (R.) is elected Sheriff j
by a handsome majority. McDaniel (D.) !
is re-elected District Attorney. ■£. E. !
Bevan (R.) is re-elected Assessor. G. W. i
Pine (R.) Is re-elected Treasurer. Scott '
(D.) is re-elected Superintendent of j
Schools. Hopkins (R.) is elected Coroner.
The contests for Clerk and Recorder are
very close.
COLORADO.
DENVER, Nov. B.— At midnight but
meager returns have been received, but
they are sufficient to show that the [
triple fusion of Democrats, Populists
and Silver Republicans has won a
sweeping victory. They claim 65000
plurality in the State for Thomas for I
Governor. In 1896 Bryan's majority \
was 135,000. They claim 15.000 plurality j
in this city. Shafroth (Sil. R.^ in the I
First Congressional District and Bell j
(D.) in the Second are re-elected. The \
Legislature will be strongly anti-Re- j
ADVEBTISEMEN'J.'S.
A HARDJIGHT.
The battle of ballots is over; it was a short contest so far as this city
was concerned, but waged with unusual force and fervor. Ladies of re-
finement engaged in the canvass openly and vigorously worked from house
to house in behalf of their friends. We do not encourage this plan. It is
to be regretted that a large percentage of the voting population of the
town did not register and failed to vote and that among these are found
many citizens who are deeply interested in local and national politics. We
can always trust the voice and vote of the American people, and at this writ-
ing, without knowledge of the result, we are sure that the right will pre-
vail and all will voluntarily assent to the will of the majority.
ELECTION BARGAINS.
9 packages Lion Coffee, roast $1 00'
Mi case of soda biscuit • '
10 lbs cocoa shells, best
Pure baking soda, 6 for -a ,
k. gallon jars best chowchnw »
c'ooking or table oil. high grade 1-.
Fancy sardines, Imported •• W-l
Cornstarch, Duryea's or Kingsfords |
I lbs line laundry starch » t
Onion sets, ready to deliver w
Gold dust. 3-lb packages 1» .
Boraxaid. 3-lb packages la i
Powdered borax, 1-lb cartons
100 lbs fhl soda In sack 90 |
SO lbs high grade maccaronl ->
100 lbs Nlles dried peas w
S lbs apple butter, lmme made 68
18 lb» highest grade granulatej sugar.... 1 00
Table salt, whito and fine, bag I
Babbitt's best soap, 10 bars 3o
Toilet soap, fine article. (9 for 100 ;
Jams and marmalades, home-made 10 I
Boys' 200 Fine Hats, To-Day and To-Morrow, Special 50c
KITCHEN TABLES.
Common work or restaurant style. Jl 00
Wire bedstead and mattress for use J2 no
Wall paper, double rolls, pretty style So
Oilcloth for tables, good width 13c
Oilcloth for floor, yard wide 25c
Stoves for heating or cooking, any kind.
Christmas toye and novelties now ready.
Ladles' capes $1 up, a good variety.
Ladies' black dress skirts, good. $1 50 up.
Store closes at 8 o'clock on Saturdays.
publican, though it is impossible to give
any estimates on it to-nisrht. Returns
from twenty towns outside of Denver
give Thomas (fusion) 3024 and Wolcott
(R.) 996.
ARIZONA.
PHOEXIX, Ariz., Nov. B.—lncom
plete returns received at midnight In
dicate the election of the entire Re
publican county ticket by majorities
ranging up to 200 votes. Phoenix gives
Brodie (R.) over Wilson (D.) for Con
gress about 250 majority. The count
here proceeds slowly and will not ba
completed until a late hour. The indi
cations point to the election of Brodie
for Delegate, although the Democrats
claim the Territorial ticket.-
TENNESSEE.
NASHVILLE. Term., Nov. 9, 1 a. m.— •
Returns partial and complete from
forty counties show an increase of
13,000 In McMillin's majority over tl.o
Democratic majority of 1896, an 4 indi
cations point to a majority for McMil
lin for Governor exceeding 25.000. The
vote has been exceedingly light. The*
Democrats grain about twenty memberj
of the Legislature.
PENNSYLVANIA.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. B.—Legisla
tive returns from the State thus far
received show Democratic net
gains of thirteen in the Assembly. Dis
tricts not yet heard from will probably
elect ten or fifteen Democrats to seats
now held by Republicans. The Qoay
leaders claim that a majority of the
Republicans elected will favor the re
election of the Senator.
NEVADA.
RENO, Nev., Nov. 8, 10 p. m. — Indica
tions point to the election of McMillan.
fR.) for Governor, Newlands (Silver)
:or Congress, Flannigan (R.) for Sena
:or and at least two out of the four Aa
■emblymen from this district.
Sewer System for Santa Ana.
SANTA ANA. Nov. B.— A contract has
Deen awarded here to Williams, Belcher
fe Co. of San Francisco for the cor.struc
ion of a sewer system for Santa Ana
o cost $37,000. which is about $15,000 lesa
han the amount for which municipal
)onds were recently voted. Fourteen bids
vere received for the work.
. • ;
Conflagration at Arbuckle.
COLUSA, Nov. B.— Fire destroyed five
Iwelling: houses, the Baptist Church and
wo barns at Arbuckle this morning. Loss
i bout $7000.
-. ; .-• i •_■ ■ » '
A Columbia (Mo.) girl wears an odd
■ing of gold ' taken from the California.'
nines during: the excitement of 1849. It
s constructed in four pieces, Interwoven
md brought together in the shape of
t ring. It can bo shaken to pieces, and
hen by skillful handling replaced so that
t is again a perfect ring. It is a family
leirloom. and is valuable as well as in
erestinif.
BARGAIN HITS.
Heavy flannel duck lined vests, 34 to 37..$ 25
Heavy $1 SO long wool h05e.......* " g3
Reindeer skin pants, $6 kind, n0w..!." 200
Reindeer skin parquet, $20 kind...;.... ""7 59
Bear skin coats, $t2 kind ." 4 M
Bear skin ieggina or pants ." " 2 m
bleeping . bags, . gold much higher.. ...'"" I m
Large, heavy Angora blankets, lined "" . ; m
Sheep pelt unllned coats, all sizes... ' 1 Ort
10-quar.ter gray blankets, cotton , 5
12-pound gray wool blankets..:..... - -*-*
Ladles, heavy all wool sweaters..:.. 2 on
Ladles Alaska vests, double weight 7 ■ ,
Ladies' all wool gray underwear.. \ $
Carrring bags for clothing x -2
Packing straps. ' $1' 25 kind*::!;;*.".*""* ""-• -'
Moccasins |3 kind, used north," 9 "ld"ii". -3
Little whisk brooms to take along '-,
Felt shoes, ladles" $1 SO kind -size a" 1 "" -'■!
Klondike hat,, broad brim $1; now"""" 50
Gloves or mitts cut in Price....?..7..V.V.2Vc up
SMITHS
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St., SF.THE INDICATIONS ARE THAT PATTON WILL BE ELECTED
PATTON PROBABLY
GETS A MAJORITY
His Election Considered Certain.
Rumor That Trading
Was Done.
Up to 2:30 o'clock this morninc very
flttle progress had been made in count-
Ing the municipal vote. In some of the
precincts the count of the State ticket
was not yet complete.
Every indication points to the fact
that Charles L. Patton has carried the
city by a very safe majority over
Phelan. Forecasts made by the Demo
cratic managers yesterday gave the
slty to Maguire by a majority of 10.000
and to Phelan by a majority of 3600.
THE ELECTION IN
SAN FRANCISCO
Incidents and Peculiarities of the
Contest Between the Great
Parties.
Total vote cast . . . 55,180
ELECTION day has come and
gone, and now all that re
mains to be done is the fix
ing of the exact measure of
success or failure.
In San Francisco the elec-
tion as well as the campaign
that preceded it was one of peculiar
<ignifieance and was marked by condi
:ions never before presented at a gen
eral election. Strong, bitter partisan
ship rather than party lines separated
:he opposing forces, and it is safe to
<ay that more than 75 per cent of the
rotes cast were cast in accordance with
personal preference, regardless of the
politics of the voters. The straight Re
publican or Democratic tickets that
•nund their way into the ballot boxes
jvere few and far between.
Viewed from the standpoint of a dis
uterested spectator the election passed
Dff quietly, and there was little out-
a-arcl indication of the undercurrent of
excitement, personal feeling and pri
vate Jealousies that dominated the
popular mind and influenced the ulti
mate result. The absence of visible
•igns of the more than personal interest
taken by voters in the proceedings of
;he day and the final result of the day's
•vents was due, no doubt, to the pecu
iar nature of the campaign Just closed.
Sever before in the history of the State
lave the issues at stake been so plainly
let forth before the people, not alone by
the press of the State, but by the op
posing candidates themselves. In many
respects the manner in which the cam
paign was conducted in this city was
more like a house to house canvass
than any ever before seen here. The
candidates sought out the people and
laid their various claims for recogni
tion before them by word of mouth. If
there was a voter within the confines
of the city who did not know what each
and every candidate had to say for
himself and the principles for which
he stood it was not for lack of oppor
tunity.
As a result of this campaign of edu
cation the great mass of the voters
went to the polls yesterday with their
minds fully and finally made up as to
their choice of candidates. There was
no stopping on street corners to argue
concerning the merits of respective
candidates, and there was no button
holing by strikers paid to loiter about
the polling places to catch the man
whose vote could be influenced.
The business of voting began at the
time of the opening of the polls and
went ahead with clocklike regularity
tutU the closing hour.
In this connection It is proper to give
due credit to Registrar Biggy, who for
months past has been untiring in his
efforts to instruct voters as to their
rights and their limitations. Thou
sands of questions h»ave been answered
through the medium of his office and
all complaints of whatever nature, both
before and during the day of election,
were promptly attended to and a law
ful and satisfactory adjustment made.
The effect of this was apparent yester
day in the few mistakes that v.ere
made regarding the location of propor
polling places, the rights of voters and
the details necessary to the proper
casting of ballots. At Registrar Biggy's
request, the Grand Jury remained in
session all day yesterday and last
night visited a great number of the
polling places in the city during the
progress of the count.
1 he vote cast was unusually large in
proportion to the registration, a fact
due in part to the perfect weather, but
more particularly to the conditions al
ready enumerated concerning the per
sonal interest taken by voters and the
intensity of private partisanship. With
the exception of a few insignificant
r«i\vs and a few arrests for minor of
fenses against the election laws, the
day was devoid of incident. Watch
ers at the polls had very little to do
Results show that Maguire's vote did
not come up to expectations by an ap
proximate of 15,000. and it is reasonable
to sunpose that Phelan's vote will be
proportionately less.
It was asserted in certain quarters
last night that the unexpected vote
given Gage in this city was due to the
fact that Phelan's managers at the last
moment had effected a combination by
which he traded off Maguire in order to
secure votes for himself.
I and the police were out of employ
ment.
In many of the districts south of
Market street a peculiar condition of
affairs prevailed. Men who have all
their lives been known as stanch Dem
ocrats were out working openly in the
interest of Gage or Patton, or both.
Former ward bosses who have hereto
fore drilled behii.d the Democratic band
wagon, but who were not considered
sufficiently "high toned" for the new
order of things in the Democratic
camp, were out making a fight for the
Supervisorial candidates on the Repub
lican ticket who had been selected from
among the residents of the ward and
not by the Democratic plan of coloniz
ing from among the kid glove and silk
hat job chasers of other and more aris
tocratic districts of the city. What
these men did was plain to the view of
all men. What was done by the "si
lent vote" — the ballots of the men who
express their views by their ballots —
will be seen by scanning the returns.
Whatever the result, the election may
be considered one of the most satisfac
tory and successful in the history of
the city. As the vote cast was an in
telligent vote, the result will be the
will of an intelligent majority.
HOW THE DAY
PASSED AMONG THE
VOTING BOOTHS.
It was a peaceful election yesterday,
except in one or two precincts, and the
active partisan was more conspicuous
for his quiet demeanor than for his
aggressiveness. Tales of riot and al
most bloodshed came from the voting
booth of one of the downtown precincts
and rank inebriety was reported* from
another, but in the main, the day passed
quietly. It was only after the count
began that the real excitement com
menced.
The voting was heavy in the morn
ing, in some of the precincts over half
the votes being cast before 12 o'clock,
and the usual rush just before the polls
closed was not apparent. How the
hours passed at the booths follows:
The Twenty-Eighth —
The Twenty. eighth District was unusu
ally quiet yesterday. In not one of the
sixteen precincts was there as much ex
citement as there has been at any time
since the nominations. .Early In the
morning the men began to vote and by
noon fully half the ballots had been cast.
By 2 p. m. three-quarters of the voters
had visited the polls and at closing time
nearly the entire strength of the district
had been voted.
There was a strong anti-Phelan feeling
around the booths and throughout the dis
trict, but in no district was Phelan with
out a following ready to shout for him
on the slightest provocation. Very few
of the candidates visited the Twenty
eighth. Dr. O'Donnell was out in force,
but no one treated him as a serious fac
tor. Still, in many of the precincts he
polled a heavy vote and in others ran
i'r. Ed E. Hill a close race for first
honors.
The Twenty-Ninth —
Long before the polls were opened
crowds of workingmen gathered before
tlif- booths in the Twenty-ninth Assembly
District and awaited the arrival of the
election officials. For two hours after the
balloting began the voting was heavy;
then it began to full off and gradually
dwindled down to .1 few stragglers. Dur
ing the noon hour there wa.s another rush
and then the voting seemed to be over.
Judging from expressions by the voters
indications were that the Republican
ticket was receiving greater support than
two years ago. of the voters cast
their ballots and returned to work.
There were no disturbances nor arrests
In the district during the day.
The Thirtieth-
Over 50 per cent of the ballots cast yes
terday in the Thirtieth Assembly District
wre deposited in the ballot boxes before
noon. Unlike former flections there was
no rush as, the hour of closing ap
proached. The election passed off quietly
and there were no unusual incidents.
Very tew voters told ho».- they had voted
and they went their way as soon us their
ballots had been cast. Republican gains
are looked for in this district. Registra
tion was much lightep than two years
ago, and there was also a decrease In the
number of votes cast.
The Thirty-First—
Almost a Sabbath quiet prevailed
throughout the Thirty-first Assembly Dis
trict during the balloting yesterday, and
: but for the hurrying and scurrying of
! candidates and their friends there were
i no outward indications that a State and
municipal campaign of unusual interest
and bitterness had reached a climax.
The police officers on duty at the vari
ous precincts had nothing to do except
stand around and chat with their friends
about the probable result. About three
fourths of the usual vote was polled in
this district. Voters naturally expressed
a belief that their favorite candidates
were sure wlnnners. No accurate esti
THE SAX FBA^TCISCO CALIi, WEDNESDAY, yOYEMBER 9, 1899>
mates on the drift of the balloting could
be obtained.
The Thirty-Second—
The Thirty-second District lies south of
Bryant street, and is what is commonly
known as one of the "tough" quarters of
the city; but everything was quiet up to
the time of closing the pulls. » oting
started in early and kept up steadily all
day, but the poll was unusually heavy in
the morning.
The Thirty-Third—
The Thirty-third, which takes In a great
portion of the Mission Potrero and South
San Praacisco, also saw a quiet day. At
the Fourteenth Precinct there was a
slight delay early in the morning, owing
to the fact that through an error the bal
lots received were . for the Thirty-first
District. This was soon corrected, and
the voting- went on Steadily up to 5
o'clock. Some few voters who had re
moved from their precincts within the
lasi thirty days attempted to vote, but
were promptly challenged, and swallowed
their medicine like men.
The Thirty-Fourth—
In the Thirty-fourth Assembly District
there was a heavy percentage of votes
lost through removal into other precincts,
but those that remained voted almost to
the full number. The balloting was
heaviest in the Second Precinct, where
215 votes were cast out of 235 resist rations.
The Eleventh followed with 213, and the
rest of the twenty-one precincts listed
from 15<1 to 200 each. Sundaylike quiet pre
vailed throughout the district. There was
no Incident of any kind. Practically all
of the ballots were < -;ist by 2 o'clock in the
afternoon, and the count* was begun at 5
o'clock to the minute.
The Thirty-Fifth—
In the Thirty-fifth the same condition
of affairs prevailed. The voters came in
early and did not loiter around the polls
after their mission had been accom
plished. The liveliest booths were those
of the Eleventh and Twelfth precincts on
Mission street, near the earhouse. The
downtrodden railroad men, who it has
been alleged were to be forced to vote the
Republican ticket, turned out. and not
only voted but worked for the success of
the ticket with such enthusiasm that two
of them had to be "called down" by the
police for doling "tit campaign literature
inside the 100-foot limit. Butane arrest was
made in the entire district, and that upon
no more serious charge man drunk and
disorderly. An inebriated voter in tne
Tenth insisted not only upon voting his
own ticket but wanted to exercise the
same privilege for every one who came
Into the booth. He was. thrown- into a
patrol-wagon and sent down to the City
Prison.
The Thirty-Sixth—
The Thirty-sixth Assembly District,
which covers about one-fifth of the area
of the city, lies west of Guerrero and east
of Fourteenth street, extending to the
ocean and to the county line of San Ma
teo and hounded by the Mission road
from Thirtieth and San Jose avenue to
Guerrero and Fourteenth. This district
embodies the Almshouse, the inmates of
which voted at the Eighteenth precinct,
located at Seventh avenue and X street.
A good many of the aged voters came
hobbling along on the roadway bearing
heavily on canes, while others who were
too feeble to undertake the journey on
foot were carried in on wagons from the
institution by orrler of Superintendent
Reddy, who afforded each man every
facility in hip power to go to the polls
to cast his vote. In this precinct there
were 296 voters registered, and out of this
number 113 had deposited their votes in
the box at tho noon hour. At this time
there were Quite a number from the Alms
house waiting to enter the sacred box
and mark their tickets; forty of the num
ber who had voted from the Almshouse
had to obtain the assistance of the oIR
. , is of the polling place to make out their
tickets The voting In this precinct was
constant the entitle day. as 11 required a
long time for some of the voters to mark
their tickets. The Seventeenth Precinct
i- in the Sunnyslde district where the
voting was kept up at a lively clip dur
ing the earlier hours of the day. In this
precinct EJatton and Gage had quite a
number of warm advocates. At Ingleside,
where the race course is located, every
thing was dull, as the Twenty-second Pre
cinct had but a few Stable buys regis
tered From the way the voters attended
in this district it looked as if there would
be a falling off of about 15 per cent of
the voters registered from those who did
vote Everything was conducted In a
quiet and orderly manner throughout the
district.
The Thirty-Seventh —
With the exception of a few challenges
the election in the Thirty-seventh I>is
trict was devoid of interest. The voters
appeared early, and before noon over
three-fourths of the total vote had been
polled. A contractor named O'Neil made
a determined fight against Captain
c, independent candidate for Public
Administrator. The friends of the latter
claimed that notwithstanding O'Neil's ef
forts the vote will show that Freese will
have a majority in the district.
The Thirty-Eighth—
Immediately after the polls opened in
the Thirty-eighth a large number of citi
zens seized the opportunity to cast their
ballots for their respective candidates. In
one of the precincts nearly the total vote
was polled before noon.
Bonnet, for Sheriff, had a number of 1
friends working for him, prominent
among- whom was Colonel "Bob" Barton
and John Koopman. Louis Raitigan, the
"pride" of the district, worked indefatiga
bly to add to the majority of "William
Deane for County Clerk. It was claimed
by the friends of Deane that he had a
majority of between 800 and 1000 votes
over his opponent in the district.
The Thirty-Ninth—
The election in the Thirty-ninth Dis
trict passed off (fßietly. Immediately af
ter the polls were* opened a large number
of voters deposited their ballots. Before
noon nearly three-quarters of the votes
in the district had been cast. In the
First Precinct a drunken man started to
raise a disturbance, churning that he h.wl
been unlawfully deprived of his vote. As
It was shown that he was not registered
in the district he was promptly ejected
from the polling-place by a policeman.
The Fortietn and Forty-First —
Fully half the votes in the Fortieth,
Forty-first and Forty-second districts
were" cast before 10 o'clock yesterday
morning. Tho heaviest voting of the day
occurred in these districts between the
hours of S and 9 a. m., and by 2 o'clock
In the afternoon three-fourths of the en
tire register had been scratched^as voted.
When in the evening the polls were de
clared closed very few had neglected to
cast their ballots, and in consequence tho
percentage cast is even greater than that
of the last election. As far as could be
ascertained there were no disturbances,
the voting progressing steadily but quiet
ly. Friends uf all the candidates hovered
around the booths, and naturally all
claimed that their favorite was running
ahead of the ticket. In these districts,
however, from a careful canvass it ap
pears that Maguire and Gage ran about
even, while Charles L,. Patton led in the
fight for the Mayorship. Bettman for the
Senate and Rellly for the Assembly both
ran strong in tbe Fortieth and Forty-first
districts.
The Forty-Second —
In the Forty-second Ashe and Dennery
both claimed big majorities at the close
of the polls. Tho Republican ticket in
general was believed to lead in these dis
tricts, where so many business men re
side, notwithstanding the wall to the con
trary raised by Democratic candidates,
Democrats and many renegade supporters
who have changed their politics.
The Forty-Third—
The hottest battle of the day was
waged in the Second Precinct of the
Forty-third District. That there was not
bloodshed was due to the vigilance of the
police.
The fight centered in the struggle for
State Senator. There were two candidates
—Leon Dennery and R. Porter Ashe. me
latter had a gang of bullies behind him,
who started to run things to .suit them
selves.
Soon after the polls opened the gang of
ruffians proceeded to intimidate voters.
One of their number ran afoul of Louis
Sternberg, and was promptly placed hors
de combat. Sternberg was arrested for
battery, but at once was released on cash
bail. There were several other disturo
ances, but further than a few black eyes
and bruised noses nobody was injured.
Thinking that serious trouble was immi
nent, an immense crowd gathered in tne
vicinity of O'Fnrrell and Stockton streets
and eagerly awaited the opening of hos
tilities Police Commissioner Gunst, fear
ing bloodshed, telephoned to Captain Witt
man to send a squad of men to the scene
at once. With drawn clubs the policemt-n
dispersed the crowd, but not until several
were made to feel the effects of the
locusts in the hands of the guardians of
tlu- police. , „ _
Last night the friends of Dennery were
betting 2 to 1 that their candidate was
elected.
The Forty-Fourth —
A holiday calm pervaded the majority
of the precincts in the Forty-fourth Dis
trict. The vote was a. heavy one, being
but little less than the total registration.
It was steady throughout the morning.
I si i that by noon considerably more than
half the votes had been cast. The only
ripple on the surface was the strupirle
between M. H. Barry, Republican candi
i date for the Assembly. and Thomas O.
' Reilly, his opponent. Some of their fol
low, fs engaged in a wordy argument in j
the First Precinct, but nothing came ol I
it. In several precincts men tried to vote
who. upon being challenged, refused to
swear in their ballots. I^uke Fay. Demo
crat, was one of the hardest workers in
the Fifth Precinct.
The Forty-Fifth—
There was a total absence of political i
workers In the Forty-fifth District. Where
once Colonel Mazuma and the "push"
were strongly in evidence there was but
little sign of life and activity. To the
casual observer there was no electioneer
ing, no handing out of cards or button
holing of voters. The utility of this
method has been removed apparently by
the Australian ballot, by which a man
becomes his own master once he steps
inside the election booth. Along the
North Beach district there were but few
loiterers about the booths. Down on the
water front the same condition prevailed.
Goat Island is included in the Sev
enth Precinct and a boatload of men
came ashore and enjoyed their right to
vote. A number of those registered are
men employed on coasting vessels. Some
of these lost their vote through being on
the high seas. There was no disturbance,
the police having a day of comparative
leisure, although standing a long watch.
SLOWNESS IN THE
MUNICIPAL COUNT
As the night wore on it became evident
to Registrar Biggy that there was no
hope of obtaining any coherent returns
of the count of the municipal vote.
From many parts of the city he received
notice that the judges and officers of elec
tion, exhausted probably by the State
count, were progressing very slowly. In
many booths the greatest confusion ex
ieted, owing to the presence of half-in
toxicated men, and In some cases to the
incredible slowness of the officers. From
the Second Precinct of the Thirty-first
District the officers appeared at the City
Hall carrying the ballot-box, and evident
ly in no condition to continue the count.
The Registrar at once caused their arrest
and made arrangements to have new offi
cers sworn in. Many warrants were
asked for other incapacitated officers, and
It was reported that several booths might
have to be closed for the night in order
that efficient men could be appointed in
the place of those apparently in charge.
In spite of the difficulties of the situation
the Registrar showed remarkable ability
to meet all exigencies, and is confident
of having things running smoothly to
day. k _
MR BIGGY SPENT
A VERY BUSY DAY
Complaints Received Prompt At
tention and Law Reigned
Supreme.
Beginning: at an early hour yesterday
morning the office of the Registrar of
Voters at the city building was besieged
by anxious inquirers seeking information.
Many of them reported that they had not
been allowed to vote by the election offi
cers in their precincts, but the fact de
veloped in nearly every case that there
had been a change of residence to some
other precinct. Mr. Biggy informed each
of these persons that they had forfeited
the right to vote. A number of them went
away protesting against the loss of their
franchises, but the majority philoso
phically accepted the inevitable, under
standing that no one except themselves
was to blame. Altogether some 600
would-be voters made election day calls
on Registrar Biggy.
The word which had gone abroad con
cerning the extraordinary precautions to
be taken to apprehend fraudulent voters
evidently had a salutatory effect, as no
attempts at illegal voting were reported
at the Registrar's office during the day.
Many persons who appeared at the polls
had 'their votes challenged for removals,
etc but the old-time repeater was notice
able for hiss absence. Such was the word
that the Registrar received, and it caused
him great satisfaction, as indicating the
thoroughness of the preparations made
under his direction.
To be sure, there were a number of in
fractions of the election rules brought to
Mr Biggy's attention throughout the
<Yiy About 7:30 a. m. word came over
the 'telephone that there was trouble In
Precincts Five and Seven of the Forty
third Assembly District. The Registrar
at once proceeded to the scene. He found
that the election officers in the Fifth Pre
cinct had thrown out a Republican judge
and had chosen a Democrat in his stead,
while in the Seventh Precinct the re
verse had happened, the judge thrown
out being a Democrat. The plea was
made in both cases that the discarded
judges had been from throe to four min
utes' late in Tt aching the booths, and that
it had therefore been necessary to swear
in substitutes from among the bystanders.
The Registrar decided against the sub
stitutes and ordered the two belated
regular judges into the booths, despite
the opposition of the precinct officers. "It
was a put up job in both cases," remarked
the Registrar, "and I do not propose to
allow such tactics. I tore up the papers
of the two substitute judges."
Another case which smacked very
strongly of a thwarted attempt at Illegal
voting "developed during the early hours
of the day. It appears that two men,
giving their names as W. J. Harrison and
W. J. "Wallace, had registered as living
at 5Vs Page street, which happened to be
the place of residence of Deputy E. T.
Russell of the Registrar's office. This
fact was discovered several days ago, but
not until after W. J. Harrison had ap
peared at the office and demanded the
cancellation of his registration. As neither
Harrison nor Wallace lived at the place
mentioned the Registrar instructed
Deputy Russell to He in wait at the pre
cinct where he was entitled to vote and
to capture Wallace if the latter appeared
and attempted to cast a ballot. The
watch proved unsuccessful, however, as
the man did not appear.
At 2 p. m. word was telephoned to the
Registrar that the entire force of elec
tion officials, with one exception, in Pre
cincts of the Twenty-eighth District and
Precinct 9 of the Forty-third District
were too drunk to attend to business.
Uiggy at once telephoned the central
committees of the various parties to de
tail new men from the reserves to go and
take charge of the voting booths.
A few minutes later H. L. Ray com
plained over the telephone that there was
crooked work going on in Precinct 1 of
the Forty-fourth District, stating that
there was connivance between the officers
appointed by the various political parties.
He asked ihat Immediate attention be
given to the matter by the Registrar, ahe
nitter dispatched a representative to the
scene, who speedily put things in good
running order.
Mayor Phelan was one of the visitors
at the office of the Registrar during the
noon hour. He entered accompanied by
his secretary, Colonel Sullivan, and ap
peared very much incensed at something.
The cause soon developed. "I war^: to
know," exclaimed he, "who appointed
Marcus "VVolf as a Democratic Inspector
in the Second Precinct of the Thirty
eighth District? He's out shouting for
Patton for Mayor. Now, isn't he a line
Democrat?"
The Registrar looked over the list in his
office, and, sure enough, there was the
name of Marcus Wolf, inspector, with the
w r ord "Democrat" next to his name. It
transpired that Ed Gallagher had ap
pointed Wolf, and the Mayor made copi
ous notes on a piece of paper and ti.en
started out on a search for the City and
County Attorney, presumably to give him
a piece of his mind for choosing Demo
cratic officers of election who could not
be depended upon to support the Demo
cratic candidates. The episode occasioned
considerable amusement among the by
standers in the Registrar's office, which
was heightened when the discovery was
noised abroad that Wolf was a pro
nounced Republican, who had been mak
ing campaign speeches for Gage and Pat
ton and who had accepted the office of
election inspector, supposing that he had
been chosen as a Republican.
Exactly at 5 p. m. Mr. Biggy began the
work of destroying the extra ballots
which were in his office, using a printing
office paper-cutter to chop them in pieces.
This work occupied over an hour, and was
conducted in the presence of a number of
witnesses summoned for the purpose.
HEAVIEST ELECTION
BETTING ON RECORD
Thousands of Dollars Wagered on
Gage at Odds of 2 to 1
and Better.
The betting on the election was the
heaviest ever known on this coast. This,
too, outside the wagers of hats and small
amounts wagered among friends to back
their opinions as to the strongest candi
dates.
Harry Corbett pronounced it the biggest
betting election within his memory. He
handled nearly $65,000, ;<nd would have
filled out the hundred thousand mark had
there been sufficient time to place the
money before the returns commenced to
be received.
When betting commenced yesterday
morning Gage had ruled favorite over
Maguire at odds of 2 to 1. As the day
wore on the odds gradually lengthened.
At nightfall the odds had gone to 4 to 1
and no Maguire money in sight.
In the struggle between Phelan and Pat
ton the former opened favorite at 2 to 1.
In the evening Phelan money went beg
ging. 3 to 1 being offered.
The only other contest upon which there
was extensive betting was that between
Julius Kahn and James H. Barry.
Throughout the day it was even money
and take your pick. Once the count be
gan Kahn was installed favorite at 10 to
4 with few followers of the short ena.
I^ater on 10 to 3 was offered, and but lit
tle money changed hands even at that
price.
William Pinkerton, the noted detective,
won a hundred each on Roosevelt of New
York and Gago.
There was but little money placed in
the big cigar stores-, which are usually
custodians of much money. In one of the
stores a man wagered $200 to $40 that
O'Donnell would not be elected Coroner.
The man who took the short end had $500
to wager the same way.
A MULTITUDE AWAITS
NEWS OF THE RESULT
Call Bulletins Telling- of the
Progress of the Count
Capture the Town.
One hundred thousand people were
downtown las. night to read the election
bulletins showing the progress of the
count both in this city and State and
throughout the Union.
The crowd paraded up and down Market
street, and the bright colors and gay hats
of the ladies gave that thoroughfare a
carnival appearance. The carnival spirit
was abroad. Everybody appeared good
natured, and if the returns were such as
to prevent some from cheering, ii would
be hard to single them out of the multi-
The followers of Maguire kept up their
hope till the very last. They found conso
lation in the fact that the returns showed
the rival candidates running closely to
gether This was small comfort, and even
this was finally swept from them when it
was announced that the Democrats con
ceded the election of Gage.
The Call's bulletins captured the town.
They were by far the most complete, and
were displayed to splendid advantage. A
crowd thatnearh- blocked Market street
gathered soon after 7 o'clock. Sergeant
Conboy found the people easy to handle,
and was congratulating himself on ins
success. An hour later he took a different
view of the situation. At that time tne
street was a seething mass of humanity.
On each side of the street a few people
filtered by, unless caught in some great
jam where they could neither advance nor
T*« - ' I* •" " L T
The Call bulletins from all over the
United States were displayed by stereop
tlcon in the rotunda of the Claus Spreck
els building. They were at a natural
height, and there was neither straining of
the eyes nor necks to read the glad tid
ings of the Republican triumph.
The first opportunity to develop the sen
timent of the people was the announce
ment of Theodore Roosevelt's election as
Governor of New York. This announce
ment was followed by a splendid picture
of the colonel in the familiar uniform
of his own troop of Rough Riders. This
brought out all the pent up patriotism of
the people, and they cheered the popular
citizen-soldier again and again.
The returns from the Interior of this
State were by this time being received,
and showed Republican majorities from
even' section. It was then announced:
"Gage's election conceded by a large ma
jority." This was followed by a portrait
of the next Governor, which was greeted
with thunders of applause.
The returns were interspersed with pic
tures of gallant Admiral Dewey, Hobson,
Schley. Sampson, Shatter. Joe "Wheeler,
Miles, President McKinley and others.
Eaoh was in turn applauded.
Notwithstanding the size of the crowd
there was no roughness of speech or of
action. For a time those nearest the car
tracks amused themselves rocking the
oars, but no damage resulted. The cars
looked liko ships at sea as they went
slowly through the crowd. There were
no accidents and the crowd slowly dis
persed, until at midnight it was but a
gbost of the throng that had gathered
early in the evening. It was, to all out
ward appearances. Republican in make
up and in sentiment, and was duly appre
ciative of the Republican triumph pre
dicted by Republican orators.
JOY AND GLOOM AT
RIVAL HEADQUARTERS
Effect of the Outcome of Election
Upon Republicans and
Democrats.
Matters will liven up around the head
quarters of the Republican County Com
mittee to-day. As there were no official
returns sent to the committee rooms last
night a condition of ennui and suppressed
excitement took possession of the few
clerks who were forced to remain within
the walls and answer the questions of
news seekers. The State Central Com
mittee was the working body last night,
and first enjoyed the news of the over
whelming victory, but to-day, when the
complete returns of the municipal count
begin to pour in, the county committee
will be the tirst to enjoy the news.
The only labor that tell to the cierks
in the county committee headquarters
was answering questions of candidates
on the anxious seat and furnishing volua
teer watchers with badges ami certni
cates of authority, xiepublicans by the
score anxious to see that no infractions
of the election laws occurred visited the
headquarters and were vested with au
thority to see that their wishes were
cted. At midnight the rooms were
closed for the night, but at sunrise th;s
morning the; will be. crowded with hu
manity waiting to know the full extent
of the Republican victory. Victory for the
greater portion of the ticket is assured,
but before the people will rest they must
know that not one candidate has been
neglected at the polls.
The headquarters of the Domocratio
County Committee were practically de
serted last evening. No returns were re
ceived by the few left in charge of the
place, and they simply sat and mused.
An air of gloom pervaded the neighbor
hood, and no one careu to break the si
lence. Crushing defeat stared the adhe
rents of Democracy in the face, and they
did not have the courage to bear it
bravely.
Outside the doors several of the defeat
ed hovered and occasionally one would
calculate: "If Gage has got in and car
ried off the Democratic strongholds,
where is Phelan'.' That's the Question!'
Then the unfortunate committee of one
hundred would receive a grilling calcu
lated to make any member of that "au
gust" aggregation of political corruption
ists desert his party.
W. P. Lawlor. chairman of the Union
Campaign Committee, said:
"I urn not yet sufficiently conversant
with the conditions of the districts from
which adverse results were received to
ascribe to any cause our defeat. "We have
had our day in court; we have had our
hearing and the people have rendered a
verdict against us. That is all. As Amer
ican citizens we submit to the will of the
people."
Doubtless the Maguire League of Clubs
wili abandon its rooms in the Parrott
building to-day or as soon as it can make
way with the fe.w effects it has placed
therein. An excited crowd of Maguire
ites occupied the rooms last evening and
made things merry on several occasions
when alarming rumors of stuffed ballots
and double counts were received. These
were readily disproved and all hope was
abandoned.
HOW THE NEWS CAME
TO THE HEADQUARTERS
Prominent Republicans Hold a
Jubilee in the Central
Committee Rooms.
The men of the Republican State Com
mittee who have been on duty at head
quarters or elsewhere since the opening
of the campaign never entertained a mo
ment's doubt as to the result of the bat
tle, yet it was obvious to spectators yes
terday that they were awaiting the re
turns with a feeling of deep interest.
Throughout the day telegrams were re
ceived from the interior counties stating
that Republicans were active and conn
dent, but these messages did not excita
enthusiasm. Returns were wanted to
make assurance doubly sure.
When the first few straws were wafted
in last evening Major Frank McLauj,".
lin Colonel D. M. .Burns, Paris Kilburn,
John T. Dare. Wendell Easton.M. R. J 1 -c
gins. Judge Hart, Jacob Steppacher and
others were clustered about a table u>
compare the precinct figures with the
McKinley-Krvan vote of two years ag >
from the corresponding precincts. W! I ■
the vote in many precincts was not up t-jt -j
the Presidential record, there were Re
publican gains and remarkable losses to
the fusion party.
Interest developed into excitement whrn
the returns began to come in from ; ■
progressive count of the ballots in the
Twenty-eighth, Thirty-first, Forty-sec
ond and Forty-third Assembly districts
of San Francisco. It was then seen that
Gage was running away ahead of Magu re
in precincts which had gone against the
Republicans in former years and uo . i
which no calculations of success had
been made this year.
The figures of the Twenty-eighth As
sembly District could hardly be credited.
The fusion managers had relied on a
heavy vote for the "Little Giant" in the
Continued on Fifth Page.
34
"SHERMAN HAS PLACED US
IN THE JAWS OF THE LION"
Dr. R. H. McDonald Writes More
About the Shrewd Los An
geles Manipulator.
Pathos, Flavored With Extreme Bitterness,
Still Characterizes the Aged Banker's
Epistles.
■ in the letters of Dr.R; H. McDonald
which The Call publishes this morning
Is the dramatic story of the true
wrecker of the Pacific Bank and of the
People's Home Savings Bank. The
man who led these banks to ruin was
Moses H. Sherman, whose manipula
tions are described clearly and bitterly
by Dr. R. H. McDonald. Sherman had
flattered his way into the confidence of
Frank VJ McDonald. Having obtained
an influence over the. young banker the
■ crafty schemer from Los Angeles se
cured the enormous sum of money that
■was necessary to make his railroad
project a reality. This money was ob
tained from the Pacific Bank, and, as
Dr. McDonald declared in one of his
letters, the managers of the institution
had been led into the very jaws of the
lion.
The old niai red that Sin
had set a trap for the bank and the
sprung, I ■ with
that Sherman had
overr was cau- I
: at that time
Id man did not understand the
■
-an had secured what he '
and I in th* crash that came
.t" the Pacific Bank. The letters that
the ruin of the
ar>-- of exceptional public int^r^t. They
show that Sherman was not sal
even after he had brought the Pacific
Bank to the verge of ruin, bul
manded and more,
.which the Dr. McDonald gave
■:iphat:c i their
father.
Th ■ that art- published this
morning carry the recital of th* 1 bank's
affair thin five months of the
culminating crash. Dr. McDonald had
grown deeply melancholy and I
He reflects upon the pi ruin
of hi? great banks mooes the
nif-n and the schemes that ha
the institutions all of their great dif-
flculties and were fast leading- them to
<:a" disgraceful end. Dick McDonald is
roundly abused for surrounding him
self with spies and useless hangers-on
■ who attached themselves to the banks
and clung to them until there was not
. a dollar left in the vaults. The old man
. in condemnatory terms reviews the un
:-: wisdom of his sons in entering secretly
into wildcat end unprofitable specula
tions. . i
Th- writer dwelt particularly upon
the foolhardy speculation Involved in
the Lo? Ang^l^s Electric Railroad and
the John T >lony, the two ven
tures that cost the Pacific Bank over
$ljoiv>. ' re is In th I rs no
assertion more deeply significant than
that of Dr. R H. McDonald, who de
clined positively to give '•:,]• a dollar to
save ' list them in any
way that v>ould Jeopardise his own
private fortune. The old man mad n>.
effort to conceal the fact that hehadde-
i his son? and the institutions that
the?c. cr, r s controlled. II- even went
further than that, and showed his sons
ly thai under no circumstances
■wa? hr- to be placed in a position where
-turf- could be seized in
t disaster.
B These letters remove for the first tinr 3
the terrible mask of hypocrisy that Dr. i
11. H. McDonald wore while he lived in
this city. They show that Moses H. :
Sherman is more responsible for the
ruin of the Pacific Bank than any
• other man, with th exception, perhaps,
of D. S. Dorn. The part that this attor
ney played in that conspiracy is yet to
be exploited by The Call, and will be
exposed at the proper time. When the
letters that are published this morning
were written M. 11. Sherman was |
not yet trembling in dread of th action
of the Grand Jury, nor had D. S. Dorn
yet promised him to protect him from
that tribunal. ..
dr. McDonald refuses to
pledge HIS PRiVATE
FORTUNE
■ There are few letters In all the won
derful collection of the correspondence
of the Pacific Bank and the McDonalds
that are of more general public and
pathetic Interest than that of Novem
ber SO, 1892. In this letter Dr. McDon
ald writes two emphatic instructions to
his sons to burn the epistle after he has
read it. In one place he counsels Rich
ard to read the letter twice over care
fully and then burn it, and in another
■ he reiterates the injunction to consign
, the epistle to the flames. Dr. McDon
ald had Just received a letter from his
boo telling him of iL- approaching dis
solution of the Pacific Hank and the
destruction of the People's Bank, and
begging him to return and mortgage
his property for the benefit of the de
positors. Dr. McDonald had given his
solemn ~ronjise to the Bank Commis
sioners that he would do this.
He had left this city with that prom
ise on his lips. He had made it twice,
and had deluded the Bank Commission
er: as to the time when he "would re
turn and keep his promise. When his
son begged him to fulfil his word, the
old man replied that "if the bank must
go down for the- want of my money It
will not receive one dollar of my pri
vate fortune." Having made this posi
tive refusal to assist the institution of
which he was- president; Dr.. .McDonald
: then gave a piteous prophecy of the
downfall of the bank, he then turned
- upon his children and his family, and
with hin cruel lash struck them again.
The letter la as follows:
. : Sunday Night, New York, Nov. 30. 1592.
j - My Dear Bon Richard: I went to
J hear Dr. Adler to-day at 11 a. m. and
j enjoyed hl» leoturo very much. Now
I in regard to your letter of the — , say
- —-ing you must come home In ail proba
bility and make a mortgage of my
I private property for th.- security of
« ; the bank, for th? security of others
and satisfaction of some parties. Now
'•■•-- Allow me, my son. to say to you that
* I' shall never do anything of the kind,
and If the bank must go down for
■want of such action it must go. I
will not submit myself to any such
condition to save it. If other stock
holders will do the same it may
change the aspect of affairs.
If we could get money enough to
pay off our depositors and could go
into liquidation, and possibly might be
the best thing to do, but until we can
pay them we can liquidate.
What a failure, what a disgrace to
et that once leading, stanch, solid.
highly esteemed old bauk go down in
her almost zenith of her glory. If
it must be so it cannot be helped. I
have not a great while to live at most.
and It does not concern me as much
as you and Frank, but if it does go
down the glory of my good name as
a business man goes down with it.
And a great fortune made honestly
and in a business way will be sacri
ricf-d and go with it. After this my
life will be pronounced a failure, and
as matters now are my life seems to
me a failure.
I have done all I could according
to my best judgment for m: family,
myself and the interests of society
about me. And where are these chil
dren that : have so loved and toiled
for? The darkest and most grievous
hours are now upon me and I am. and
have been for weeks past, almost
crazy and made so by those of all
others who should now be my solace
and comforters. Why these troubles
of my last few years or days are put
upon'me Ido not know. It is a mys
tery that I cannot understand or solve,
but I am sure It must b* for some
good purpose, and in due time God
will reveal to me this mystery and I
shall be satisfied. /
1 will close ■ affectionately, your
father. r. h McDonald.
P. — We now have in New York,
living not far from each other. Clara,
child and paramour; and you know
and family and paramour, and M.
1). and drunkard. All toid in this
scheduie number eight. Is not •.hat a
showing for one family here in its
make-up, and this leaves out three
others that you know not Included in
the above, eleven in all. It would
make up a good sized Thanksgiving
party. Do you think this can be beat
by one family from California?
"Burn this up when you have read it.
I think you should read this over
twice carefully and then burn it up,
as it might fail into other hands.
THE AGED FINANCIER DENOUNCES
THE MEN WHO RUINED
THE BANK.
■ ' better summary of the frauds and
failures of the Pacific Bank can be
than was given by Dr. R. H. Mc-
Donald in a letter on December 5,
The old man In this epistle character
ize? in clear-cut terms some of the men
and not a few of the measures that
ruined the Pacific Bank. The aged
financier who was striving to save his
own private fortune from the wreck
that was t-» come upon his bank ex
;^s the men that attached them-
I >!< k McDonald and were
dragging him and the Pacific Bank
•" destruction.
In the letter which will follow Dr.
McDonald bitterly denounced W. H.
Eastlanu as an utterly useless special
tive, a dangerous man who some
day might use his power and informa
tion for purposes of blackmail. In the
bltt< !' '.v..;ds of the old doctor W. Jen
son is one of the biggest liars to be
: anywhere and absolutely unfit
for »f»iy trust. George Mitchell is with
out wisdom, judgment or experience.
No confidence can be placed in Sher
man and the whole crowd are harpies
: g upon the, bank. Dr. McDonald
Inly knew these men. For years
he had been in intimate association
with them and by right of knowledge
and the privilege of authority knew
them better perhaps than any one cisc
could know.
At the same time Dr. McDonald de
j nounced his son Richard for his unwise
and unfortunate secret undertakings
that had cost the bank many fortunes
and were fast tainting Its reputation.
' Having paid his respects to the manip
ulators and their manipulation Dr. Mc-
Donald, with the wisdom of the fox,
reminds his son that nothing must be
done to force from the old man a scrap
of paper that might make his pr
subject to execution when the crash
s. It is not unlikely that the old
gentleman was as shrewd in his judg
j ment of Dick's parasites as he was
crafty in s<-'ing the end of the Pacific
Bank and protecting hip private for
tune. His interesting and important
I letter is as follows:
NEW YORK. Deo. 5, IST<2
My Dear Son Richard: You have
■n Mr. Eastland here, for what
Bpecial purpose I have thus far been
unablo to learn. He pops down l •
without- notice as if sent as a special
detective. 1 don't .see how h< is to be
of much use in the negotiations going
on or any that is to tome up.
confess J am suspicious of him. an<l
fear he- Will turn out a dangerous man
for us in the end. You seem to have
soiried all our doings and bank
private affairs to him as I think you
should not nave done. He is evidently a
bright, smart fellow, who seems to'do
much of his talking in a whisper, and
1 have- always be^n suspicious of such.
He may turn upon us and do us great
damage or extort large blackmail.
You are and have beeri pending such
fellowi as he, Jenningson. Mitchell and
Toniblin from place to place, whom I
fr;ir have done far more harm than
good, ani we knuw they have done
injury In more than one instance. You
seem to have a policy way — a cunning
way— of doing things that I know any
thing about, and nearly always proves
a boomerang that hits the "party on
the bead that attempts to manage
business in such a way, and will be
likely to prove injurious to us in the
business now in hand.
• That Jennlngson, he does not know
much, but I believe him to be one of
the biggest liars you will find any
where, and always looked upon him as
an unfit man for the trusts in his
hands. But all these situations you
took in your own hands, keeping
everythlnK from others until in the
lielii. And there is Mitchell. I have a
rfmall opinion of his ability for outside
purposes; and as for Tomblln, there is
no u?e in discussing his wisdom and
judgment. Our experience with him
should settle that matter. Now turns
up this man ICastland. What he can or
will do hen.' remains to be seen. 1 hope
h" will turn out better than I at the
pi eß< nt time expect.
Mr. Sherman is working like a
beaver, l»ut I have lltt'e confidence in
him. Now about Jenningsnn. I'll ase
tell me what particular matter he has
attended to and got money and final
success out of it beyond the cock and
bull stories he tells you and others
an«l seems to make you believe them
While here he was utterly useless for
any pood, and laid around doing noth
ing and not trying to do anything. I
thmk him a cunning, low down, unre
liable Jew. that will be likely to prove
highly Injurious in the end. How you
foil In with and placed your con
fidence with such a man 1 cannot tell.
How much there Is in this detective,
Mr. Eastland, I cannot yet say, but
THE SAN FB AN CISCO CALL,, WKPXKSDAY, ppMMK 3, ISHS.
WE HAVE PLACED OUR HEADS IN THE LIONS' JAWS.
There is in the secret correspondence of the' Pacific Bank no more dramatic presentation of the true causes that resulted in
the ruin of the institution ti.an is given in a letter -rjtien by Dr. R. H. McDonald. In this epistle the agen finan
cier declares that M. H. Sherman deliberately set a trap to catch the Pacific Bank and succeeded. Sherman, the old
man said had led the McDonalds Into the very Jaws of the lion, and if- destruction followed the. crafty manipula
. tor of Los Angeles would be responsible- for the disaster. In his letter'rhe old- man congratulates his son-. on -the >
fact that if they went down Sherman would haye J to grf down -with tWra. The writer did- not know the resource >
of craft with which Sherman entered Into his Scheme and it to a suee«es»ful concluston. bnuoi
•■■ ■ - .". I -■•■-.-•.'"' - v < * '- •**•«•:*': • •- '---• •»*?<; • -;■- .- ■■ ■-•-■ i; ■-,-,
fear he will put a ring In your nose,
if not the entire Pacific Bank. I
doubt his visit here will be of any
use to us, and I do very much
r^tret that you should give away
the secrets of the Pacific Bank. Such a
crowd of unreliable harpies art- enough
in themselves to profluce a panic with
almost any hank, and just here iet me
say that I fear some of your private
and unwise speculations are bearing
pretty heavily upon the bank. viz.. the
Califbrnian, all of which has been let
down upon your head by the miser
able flunkies that you got into this
business. Then comes that electric
light fraud with another lot of frauds,
and how many of your secret enter
■ - 1 know not at the present time.
I supposed Frank's unfortunate in
vestmentE and enterprises would be
a lesson sufficient to you, bur it seems
it has not been so. Now comes your
letter. Push, push* push, or all is lost.
No bank or any other business can
stand such drains upon them as we
have had. This morning I went to the
Chemical P.ank and >?ot an extension
there on the $200 .w) for another four
months at 8 per cent, with the privi
lege Of paying on th*> note at any time.
I have to Indorse this note personally,
something I dislike to do. it would be
unfortunate for all If any failure
should (H.iirip, -a? in that ease I would
be personally involved and my prop
erty tied, and you cannot fail to see
the* importance of as much freedom for
me a* possible under such circum-
After you have read this letter, de
«trov it 'at once. Affectionately your
father, R- H. McDONAT.D.
THE OLD MAN GREW BITTER
OVER THE TREACHERY OF
EMPLOYES
On December 11, 1892, the elderly Mc-
Donald wrote to Richard telling him
very calmly that if he were not very
careful he would break the Pacific
Bank. This is the first warning that
any of the conspirators cared to give
each other that the end was approach
ing. The old man suggested that if
what his son knew about A. F. Johns
was true they sooner they got rid of
that gentleman the bettftr. Some rather
caustic advice concerning the divorced
wife of Dick. Clara Belle, was given,
and the old gentleman closed wishing
his son a merry Christmas, and to con
sume the letter in the flames before his
own eyes. Dick overlooked this In
junction in the rush of holiday busi
ness and the epistle is as follows:
NEW YORK. Doc. 11, 1892
My I'far Son Richard: I have spent
considerable time tills afternoon in
trying to read your letter of the 15th
Inst in which you criticize Mr. Johns,
all of which I hope you will explain
fully to Frank, and if he is what you
think he is he should be gotten rid of
at once. This misfortune with us it
seems that we cannot secure clerks,
any of them of such ability as can be
trusted with our business. That Ma
dora bank and our vineyard there
troubles me. I think it dangerous. It
will prove a hole into which a great
deal of our money will go and be lost
if great care is not taken. That Ce
dar River coal mine must have atten
tion or there will be great waste there.
If in fact you are not careful the Pa
cific Bank will be bursted, and that
will be the end.
Sister Josephine writes me a letter
just to say that she understood that
Clara Belle was living with her father
In Carson City. Nevada. 1 cannot be-
Hf-ve it, but it may be so, and if she Is
there look out for her for she will come
upon you In one way or another, and
if you meet her again there will be a
revival of the old scandal, damaging
to you. My boy. you have not seen the
last of that designing. wk-Kert woman
yet. And she if so much smarter in
her schemes than what you are that
you are at a great disadvantage. If
you were to appear to have less anxi
ety to get your child the sooner you
wfll get it if you can get It at all. At :
one time she cared very little for the
child, but now as her last hope of re
spectability to lean upon she will prob
ably hold on to it with great tenacity,
and' if she can sell it to you she will
steal it from you again if snicfc a thing
is possible. ■'..; '-'■» - t-ii-i ...
You will be followed up and -deviled
by that ,woman a.« long as you remain
as you are. If you w,ould get married f 
to me good woman it. would Be the
end of -all your troubles.: After read
ing this letter over it may be well to ,
give it to Frank to read and then con
sume it in the flames in your own
sight.
Wishing you a merry Christmas, I.
am affectionately your father, ■
r. h. McDonald.
SHERMAN'S CRAFT WON ONE
HUNDRED THOUSAND DOL
LARS MORE
On December 13. 1892. the old man, !
bowed down by the weight of worry,
penned a letter touching sadness. He
reminded his sons that they were re
sponsible for the wrecking of the bank. ■
an institution that had been his urid-e j
and which he hoped would preserve a j
fortune and bring honer to his sons.
la his old age he saw the work of his j
life crumbling into worse than nothing,
and he cried .to God to explain to him
this mystery of misery. He reminded
his sons how he had fought Sherman i
with all the determination at his com- j
mand when the Los Angeles conspira- |
tor came to him again to demand
another loan of $1000.
The old man wanted them to let the
road go and suffer the loss as it stood.
His sons overruled him and Sherman in }
his flattery and craft obtained $100,000,
As if this were not enough the old man
begged Dick to remember that after
thy had lost $40,000 in the John Brown j
colony he wanted to draw out and j
charge the loss to experience, but th^y
would not listen to the advice and went ;
deeper into the scheme until they stood
to lose $300,000, with absolutely no pros
pect of saving themselves. Dr. McDon
ald's letter is as follows:
ASTOR HOUSE, N. V.. Dec. IS. 1«»2.
My Dear Son Richard: It does seem
if anything can be relied upon that
there will soon be an end tn these de
lays and we will get- some money, but
that bad. bad, bad. bad Los AilkeleS:
road building is indeed a severe blow
to us. and how much we will lose by it,
is not yet easy to estimate.
You will remember when Marble and
Sherman came to me at Pa?o Robles
Springs and pressed me to loan Sl'/
to help the road I' refused and was
stubborn and determined to let the
road then and there go into the hands i
of a receiver, and we take our .chances
with others as to the outcome, but you
and Frank went on over my head and
did the very thing I had determined
I would not do. Tf we had stopped
there we would have probably lost
from $25,000 to $50,WH). and now we will
not get out of it in a loss of two or
three times that amount.
When we were into the John. Brown
• colony for about $40,900 I stopped and
let it go. make what loss we must
and get out of it. You and. Frank lift
ed right over my head and made a \
300,000 debt of it all told, and if we
dear up with a loss of sioo.ooo I will
feel wpII satisfied. And other mat-, !
ters have gone much the same way.
Most of them planned and the obliga
tions made in secret.- Had the facts
been known it is not likely that they
would have occurred. But. we are into
this unfortunate dilemma now. and
there is no use for us to complain or >
growl of sweet milk spoiled and lost, j
The question is how to get out of
them if such a thing be possible.
The failure of the Pacific Bank will
be a terrible blow to me in my old
age. It. has always been jny pride and
intended as the monument over my
gravp and ' a rich Inheritance to my
children as an honorable mention to
them and by the people of them. But
we know not what a d«y mny bring
forth. It is said riches take for them
selves wings and fly away very often,
the truth of which we are verifying-:
While these financial matters are in
deed troublesome, they are mere mat
ters of money, and I neve.r did care
much about money in my life for the
cake of having money merely, and
therefore I could lose it without any
great strep* of mind on my part, after
I have done my humble best to. save it.
1 often ask myself in humiliation
ano prayer why has this humiliation
and distress been left for me to pass
through after T have passed the three
score and ten milestone. I know it
must be for some good purpose, and I
will bear it as well as I can, for I
•ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND MORE FOR SHERMAN.
In one of the letters of Dr. R. H. McDonald is the story of another of the
. . schemes of M. H. Sherman. In this letter the old man rebukes. n{s sons
for having «lven Sherman one hundred tfioupand dollars more to assist the
. L.c>£ Angele* electric ruilway road after the road had brought the Pacific
Bank to the verj?r of bankruptcy. This letter shows what a tremendous
influence Sherman exercised over Frank McDonald, and leaves no possible
question of the fact that Sherman was using: the bank simply to float his
own personal private projects.
know when ray <soii oi>rnn up the mys
tprv i.i mo that i Blmll m satisfied
„,,<! prnlnfl him. H«?r« 1 will close this
i,ii,. \<i. i i , oii.ifc burn It up | !>(! > (
, in own. i»r»mnnoo. ' ctlonateiy
v,,,,, father. i; 11. M. HiiNAl.l'.
PROTECTING mi LOS ANGELES
RAILWAY I'.UNDS.
On 1 >«wnil>or If, is I.'1 .'- 1 . TH-. McDonald
rvpl.llti" <l t6 hIM nan. Kiclmrd the part
lu> lia.l played In the creation of' the
California Uiti^i" and .--Fruit Growers',
Aumoelut I<>". which absorbed hundreds
„< Korea of the John Brown colony: The
old man rote as follows:, ' . ••■.
"Frank Johns and. others here deem
,.,! it hem Unit we issue certificates of
the r.M-iiic Bank, payable in two and
four years; t" which I have consented
under the apparent necessity of doing
BO i«n<l signed these certificates, as
resident of the. Pacific Bank -These
certificates arenas follows, and for
which certain securities are given .
Which are deemed good and reliable.the
particulars of which will be explained
to you by Prank when he arrives at
home vh».h i hope, will be soon: ■
ISO 000 Kohl bearing certificates,
bearing 6 per cent, to O. T. Dyer, pay
able In two years;' 175,000 same - cer
tificates Issued to Sherman, same rate
• of interest, payable in four . years.
There seems an indispensable neces
sity to procure this money for the
protection and safety of the Los An
geles Electric bonds, and if not paid
suits will be commenced iby adverse
parties that would ruin all prospects of
1 the sale of these bonds and of the en
tire road. All hands" have been hard,
at work all these weeks and months,
and seem near the consummation or a
sale and it must not fall through for
a little money to put and keep it in a
salable condition. Mr. Dyer has been
of immense advantage in carrying j
forward this sale. \ It was certainly a
great great, great blunder to nave al
lowed him to have gotten into. us for
such a large amount and his affairs
entwined and mixed with ours as it
has been, but we are in for it and the .
question is how to get out and save
: something of our money and what we -
can of our family from moral. turpitude
and ruin as well."
The foregoing letter indicates what
flatten', sycophancy and craftiness
were worth to M. H. Sherman. Another
guarantee of $75,000 was certainly
worth some concession.
SANCTITY AND SHREWD BUSINESS
FORESIGHT STRANGELY AS
SOCIATED.
The elder McDonald could pose with
quite as much hypocrisy as his sons.
The following letter needs no comment;
it speaks for itself:
NEW YORK, Dec. 29. 1592.
My Dear Sons Richard and Frank: I
would rather give up every dollar I had
on this earth and pay off all my debts
and stand before the world as I have
always tried to do. an honorable and
honest man. than to live in this finan
cial condition for years longer. This
putting my name on future notes I
hope will by some means be stopped.
In the case of disaster it would be
hard for all hands. It should be
stopped by all means. Affectionately
your father, R. H. McDONALD.
"OUR HEADS ARE IN THE LION'S
JAWS."
On January' 14. 1893, Dr. McDonald
penned a letter that will be remem
bered as long as the story of the wreck
of the Pacific Bank. After two years
of fraud and failure, conspiracy and
theft the McDonald family realized
that the wreck of their fortunes and
their names was due to M. H. Sher
tnan. When this realization came to
the banker the old man wrote. "Our
head.s are in the lion's jaws and we
will b* crushed." Sherman had set a
steel trap for them and they had taken
the bait, but Sherman had fallen into
the same trap and the old man assured
his sons that the Los Angeles schemer
must fight with them or go down with
them. The letter is a. most remarkable
one and is as follows:
NORFOLK;. Va.. Jan. 14. 1593.
My Dear Son Richard: Your letter
speuK 01 accepting in': *-*'»•. '.-"M lor uui
■ Los Angeles bonds and the difference
of opinion between you and Frank on
that subject. In answer I -will say I
cannot consent to -the giving .0%. an
opinion on so important a matter aa
the one involved. .>*•••,-•'
Frank has been giving that matter a
great' 'deal of thought and attention
mid his opinion on the subject, should
be duly considered and appreciated, I
think. We have our heads in the lion's
jaws just nqw.. Let.us.be very careful,
thoughtful and considerate in getting
it out or we will certainly* be crushed
by the animal. ... . ,
What you say about Sherman I fully
believe and appreciate, butdon,'t forget
that he is in the pen with us and ,is a
full partner that cannot be ignored at
the present time.- And we ; mus.t.make
common effort and common battle to
gether or all is lost and we must go
, down together. And it will not do to
offend or kick him just now as our
business? matters 'stand. We wiU only
the more injure ourselves in doing so,
in all probability. This whole- matter
.from the start was a. steel trap set to
catch the Pacific Bank In. We have
taken the bait and the trap was sprung
.and we are fast in it. Xhe question is
how to get out alive and if so with as
little injury as possible. - If we can get
back on a solid business basis for a
. loss of one-half of all my business in
terests in the Pacific Bank and one
half of all my personal property out
side of the bank. T will feel quite well
satisfied, taking into account the losses
by the John Brown colony. Cedar. Riv
er. Coal Company and other losses upon
us and likely, soon .to comet upon us.
The question now Is how we may
save ourselves from utter ruin and dis
graceful bankruptcy. The whole of
these matters are now in the hands of
and under the control of you , and
Frank and they will go up in safety- or
down in, ruin out of your hands and
you are much more interested in your
• success than what I am, as you and
Frank are to live -a jrood while yet', in
all probability.- with your reputation at
stal\e. At most I l>ave but a very few
months or years to live and all my
ambitions have .yubsided except for my
good name, wlych I am very desirous
to pre£sj-ve..r>st so much for myself as
for my children and my family. Affec
tionately your father.
r. h. McDonald.
The Call will conclude to-morrow
another phase of the secret history of
the ruin of the two banks. Th phase
wiU be. finished in the presentation of
the last letters that Dr. R. H. McDon
ald wrote to his son Richard before the
crumbling of » the tanks. When these
letters have been published The Call
will begin a remarkable recital in which
Moses H. Sherman and D. S. Dorn and
the manipulators of the Los Angeles
road will play their part.
SHE WAS TOO GAY.
i
Walter 'N. Parrish Answers " His
Wife's Complaint for Divorce.
On October 22 Mrs. M. Parrish Sled with
the County Clerk a divorce complaint in
which she asked that the. bonds of matri
mony existing- between Walter N. Par
rish and herself be annulled. In support
of this she alleged-, extremest cruelty,
profanity, intoxication, destruction of
bric-a-brac and treatment so repulsive a3
to cause her the loss of twenty pounds
in weight from mental anguish.
Yesterday Walter N. Parrish filed a de
tailed and explicit denial of the allega
tions set forth by his wife, except for the
j smashing of the bric-a-brac, which, he
| says, was his own. and was demolished in
I a fit of passion when his wife sought the
company of cigarette smoking women. He
further denies . that he has .caused, her
mental anguish sufficient to reduce her
weight, "except when remonstrating with
her for her light and. giddy conduct, and
her overwhelming desire to go upon the
streets and to rush to dancing parties."
He claims not to have been seen coming
out of a saloon intoxicated, or having
ever accused his wife of uacossti£y I
He alleges against his wffcE- thku Vhlle
residing at Mitt .Valley in ' a bouse! the
front portion of which was used as a
saloon, she frequently drove and walked
with" Theodore Hanson, the landlady's
son; : that she took up a residence un
known to him on Golden Gate avenue,
"and spent most of her time at theaters,
on the streets, at Hyde-street beach, at
the park and at numerous dance halls
in the : company of men other than her
husband."
In consideration of all this the defend
ant asks that the plaintiff be not .granted
a decree- of divorce, _. . - ;- . . v
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bu?h and'Laxkin sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub bath?. Saltwater direct froim ocean.
AN UNGRATEFUL SCAMP.
George Graham Arrested for Stealing
From a Lady Who Befriend
ed Him.
George Graham, a laborer, was accom
modated by Mrs. LanpUy. 513 Stevenson
street, with room and board till he could
find employment. He repaid her kindness
by stealing her purse containing- $44, her
gold watch. gold pin and a suit at clothes
belonging to another roomer. •• • " zl -
The polio- were notified and early: yes
terday morning -Graham "was 'arrested by
Policeman Say and booked at tlie-Vity
Prison on a- charge of grand larceny. He
was wearing the clothes he had. stolen
and the gold watch was also found' ln his
possession. The purse Containing-. - $.. 'was
found in". Peter Smith's saloon, 713 How
ard street, where Graham had left It.
Men's Diseases -
Men's Diseases
; Men's Diseases
"^vF Men's Diseases
— Men's Diseases
DISEASES OF MEN 1 AKF ' i.-St-ALL,Y
broujtht on by vice, dissipation or some
form Qf abuse.' Some men sin in secret, 'pthers
sin openly. Xo matter how the sin-!s cc<tamit-
teil. no matter how the abuse is done, no mat-
ter the form of abiis?, the victim must sadlr
pay the penalty. .It is a serious affair. No
man can hope to bo a truly vtgrorous, man'y
man if he It suffering from a* wasting, linjwr-
ln«. declining disorder No man can b*'ousht
but a tlilr.it if he is snfferinß Irom exhAUMtriK,
debilitating; dreams. Another form of disorder,
or disability, comes" "from prematurity. This
prematurity la the first, sign of the weak and
Impotent. You mast stop it. One of the !*?*-
log cures for .this form of disorder 1? the Hud-
yan Cure.
"'■Hudyan cure* lost' vitality," evil dresvms.-mel-
ancholU. falling sensations, tat«tnes». «-^ii,
burning sensations. Hudyan Is for ihm, i\ -.-,,«-
yan can b* had only from, the .Tludscn Medical
Doctors.' If you t«ke Hudyan you will b« cer«
tarinly and- speedily eon Your weaUne** will
go. Your -inabilities will 'disappear. --'.Y^ur
sleep will be refreshing. Consult the Hudson
doctors free, or write for
NEW CIRCULARS.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
30-day C URE I^^zL^t
DAY OTJRF niood Potecm. "vJf you
Qrt A V OT] TiV secondary or tertiary
'you can be cured by cur .•'SQ-day.-.-cure. .-Consult
our Doctors for. nothing. . *. .; ;•- ■..•-
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.GAGE HAS SWEPT THE CITY
Result of the Canvass of the State Ticket Among the Local
Precincts— No Municipal Returns.
The count on the State ballot was
very slow last night, and bo complete
returns could not be obtained.
Of the 303 precincts complete re
turns were received from 139, incom
plete returns from 151, and none at all
could be obtained from 13.
Incomplete as they are, however,
they show a plurality for Gage of 2657,
and all the indications point to double
this when all returns are In. Neff is
following him bravely.
Thompson leads for Secretary of
State by over 4000, and Johnson has a
slight lead over Woodman.
Conley and Van Dyke are in the lead
for the Supreme Court, Edwards is 1000
to the good for the Board of Equaliza
tion and Hinton is 2000 ahead for the
Railroad Commission.
For Surveyor General Wright has a
lead that seems invincible.
In the Congressional fight Kahn has
a lead of over 2000 over Barry and Loud
leads Craig by about 1000.
Asemblymen have so far gone as fol
lows: Twenty-eighth, Graham (R.);
Twenty-ninth. Kennealy (R.); Thirtieth,
Devoto (R.); Thirty-first, O'Brien (D.>;
Thirty-second. Hanley (D.); Thirty-third,
Sullivan (D.); Thirty-fourth. Crowly (D.);
Thirty-fifth, Cobb (R.): Thirty-sixth, Merl
rill (R.); Thirty-seventh, White (D )•
Thirty-eigMn. Rickard (R.); Thirty-ninth'
Jones (R.); Fortieth, Miller (R.); Forty
first, Dibble (R.); Forty-second, Henry
(R.); Forty-third. I.undquist (R.); Forty
fourth, Barry (R.); Forty-fifth, Sullivan
(R.>.
The Senators are: Eighteenth District,
Twigg (D.); Twentieth, Burnett (R.);
Twenty-secoNd, Bettman (R.); Twenty
fourth, Ashe (D.).
The count on the municipal ticket had
not progressed far enough to give any
returns.
In the returns following these party
designations are used to denote the polit
ical complexions of the candidates: R.,
Republican; D, Democrat; Pro., Prohibi
A VERY BAD SLUMP.
The Votes Mr. Maguire Has Cost the Democratic Party
in Four Years.
Four years ago San Francisco gave the Democratic candidate for Gov
ernor, James H. Eudd, 11,454 more votes than she did to Morris M. Estee,
the Republican standard-bearer. James G. Maguire loses this great advan
tage, over 20 per cent of the total vote cast in 1894, and 2687 votes besides.
He has cost his party 14,141 votes, nearly one-third o-f the total vote
cast.
| VOTE FOR GOVERNOR.
H. Budd. Dem
M. Estee. Rep
N. Webster. People's Party
•nry French, Pro
32,069 : James G. Maguire, Dem. and Peo. Party
20,615 ' Henry T. Gage, Rep
6,459 Job Harriman, Socialist Labor
600 ] J. E. MeComas, Pro
59,643 Total j
4.495
11.454
18,949
21.636
819
41,483
Total
■mocratlc maority
idd's plurality over Estee j
Final returns from 139 precincts. 151 not completed. 13 not heard from.
Republican majority I.TS4
Gage's plurality over Magulre 2.687
Democratic loss , 14,141
PATTON PROBABLY
GETS A MAJORITY
Continued From Third Page.
Twenty-eighth, so the tidings that Gage
was leading Magulre in that quarter of
the city were received with enthusiasm.
While Major McLaughlin and Colonel
Burns were feeling particularly happy
over this unexpected advantage. Judge
Elijah Hart began to receive messages
from Sacramento showing immense Re
publican gains In that county. Toward
9 o'clock the messages giving assurances
of a great victory were coming in so
rapidly from all quarters of the State that
Jacob Steppacher could not get them
posted up for display as rapidly as they
came In.
The joy was Increased when news came
by wire and special messengers that Ala
meda County would give Gage 3000 ma
jority. The glad tidings was wired to
Governor-elect Henry T. Gage by many
of his personal friends and supporters.
At 12 o'clock, when 12.000 ballots in San
Francisco had been counted and the mar
gin of advantage for Gage indicated that
he would carry San Francisco by a ma
jority of nearly &000, there were shouts of
joy in the committee rooms. About the
same time Judge Hart secured additional
accounts from Sacramento indicating
that the Republican majority in that
county would exceed the estimates based
on the first returns. Better and better
came the news as the night wore on. The
euggestion that San Francisco would win
that banner which Los Angeles and Ala
meda counties had alternately won for
many years caused much merriment.
From San Diego, Los Angeles, San Ber
nardino. Placer, Nevada, Glenn, Monte
rey Riverside. Sisklyou and Fresno coun
ties' came messages reporting Republican
gains.
Assurance came by wire also that
. Waters. Republican, was a winner in the
/ Sixth Congressional District. Reports
' from the city at the same time indicated
that Julius Kahn had downed Barry for
Congress in the Fourth District. There
■was glory for the committee in the gain
of two Congressmen in California.
The committee rooms were densely
packed with leading Republicans of the
city. Police Commissioner Mose3 Gunst
brought in the cigars and Chief Lees was
privileged to smoke them. Everybody
was happy, and Major McLaugrhlin and
Colonel Burns were serenely jubilant.
SOME INCIDENTS OF
A QUIET ELECTION
Few Arrests Marked the Progress
of the Voting Throughout
( the City.
From the opening to the closing of the
polls yesterday there were fewer arrests
made than on any previous election day
in the history of the city. The first arrest
was that of Dan Sweeney, a bartender in
a saloon at Natoma and j Second streets,
for Belling liquor on election day. It was
the only arrest of the kind. He was re
leased on $50 cash ball.
Jerry Jones, a pattern-maker, raised a
disturbance In the polling booth of the
First Precinct of the Thirty-ninth District
by objecting to a voter registering his bal
lot. Some one shouted that he had a re
volver, and Policeman Rankin placed him
under arrest for carrying a concealed
weapon, which was found upon him.
Jones declared he had a permit, but could
not show- it. He was released on his own
recognizance, by Judge "Low. •'.. ■'-■":■' •
John J. Gradj', an expressman, while
under the Influence of liquor I made him
self a nuisance at the polling booth of the
Third Precinct of the Thirty-ninth Dis
trict by shouting for Brown, the candi
date for County Clerk. He was thrown
tion: P. P., People* party; S. L... Social
ist Labor; U. £.., United Labor; S. R..
Silver Republican; C. R., Citizens Re
publican; C. N. P., Citizens' Non-Parti
san; 1., Independent.
Governor.
Henry T. Gage. R 21,636
Job Harrirnan, S. L Bj*
James G. Maguire. D 18l9 T?
J. E. McComas, Pro **
Lieutenant Governor.
James Andrews, S. L !•••*•• v*ii'%e^foi
Edward L. Hutchison, D.-P. P.-S. R- -16.431
Jacob H.Neff. R.-U. L, 21,937
Robert Summers, Pro il6
Surveyor General.
I. H. Mulholland, D.-S. R-P. P 12.532
J. Ge6rge Smith, S. L i-™
Green Spurrier, Pro _. £*'.
Martini. Wright. x..-U. L 20,<60
Secretary of State.
Charles F. Curry. R 17 . •<>•*>
Emil Liess. S. L 1,393
R. A. Thompson. D., S. R-. P. P- V. 456
j^ il,4hb
J. W. Webb, ','rro. '.'.'.'.'.'.'■ 57
Comptroller.
Edward P. Colgan. R 21,682
T. L. Hierlihy. Pr 0.. ................. 296
T. W. Maples. D.. P. P.. U. L.. S. R-15.881
John Robertson. S. L..... i,<si-
Treasurer.
E. M. Dewey. S. I-- -•••■•••"•••" *&*'■
Will S. Green, D.. P. P.. U. L., S.
T3 s »,.... ♦...,.lrf
Truman ' Reeves, R 20.540
C. B. Williams. Pro 294
Attorney General.
H. P. Andrews, D.. S. R.. P. P 16,490
J. H. Blanchard. Pro. 409
Tirey L. Ford. R., U.L.. •••• 2 1 . 2 1
A. F. Strawn-Hamilton, S. L I,ll*J
Clerk of Supreme Court.
Lemuel D. Biddle, S. L 1.505
W. P. Fassett. Pro ................... 303
H. A. McCraney, D., P. P., U. L... __
«; R 13,<33
George W. Root, R 22.081
Superintendent Public Instruction.
P. B. Gallagher, U. L 759
Thomas J. Kirk. R 20,877
Fanny M. Pugh. Pro ......... 405
Christian Runckle, D.. S. R., P. P.. .15,559
Jane A. Roulston. S. L 1,097
Superintendent State Printing.
I>rov S. Atwood, Pro 275
A. Cbnti. S. L 934
Alfred J. Johnston. R., U. L 19.h0l
E. I. Woodman. D.. S. R.... 17,846
Justices of Supreme Court.
William M. Conley, D.. P. P., S. R... 19,493
out three times, and as he persisted in re
turning he -was arrested and booked at the
prison for being drunk. Brown made
every effort to get him released, but
failed.
Shortly after the polls had closed In the
Eighth Precinct of the Forty-fifth word
was received at the Republican State
Central Committee Headquarters that the
officers in the polling booth of the Eightn
Precinct, Forty-fifth Assembly District,
situated on the east side of Sansome
street, between Pacific street and Broad
way, had neglected to destroy or cancel
the unused ballots as required by law.
Frank 11. Powers immediately went down
to the pfclling-place to investigate. When
he arrived there he found the information
i given to the committee was correct. The
! surplus ballots were lying on the table
; in full view of everybody. The officers of
! election were ignorant of the law on the
subject, and Powers began to read it, and
ordered the ballots to be canceled. In
spector Gately and the other officers did
not recognize Powers' authority in the
matter and refused to carry out the order
unless they were instructed to do so by-
Registrar Biggy. Powers then telephoned
to the latter how affairs stood in that
precinct and a deputy was at once sent
to see that the law was carried out. The
unused ballots were canceled by his or
ders and placed In an envelope, which was
properly sealed.
Inspector Gately said that nothing crim
inal was Intended by the precinct officers,
but as long as they had not been notified
by the Registrar to destroy the ballots
they did not care to assume the respon
sibility of bo doing. They did not know
Powers, and did not think he had any
right to Issue any orders.
During the night the police received
numerous callß to suppress supposed riots
in various sections of the city. All the
available men were kept busy, but in
most cases the calls turned out to be
false alarms.
J. M. Soldnels. a Republican watcher
in the Third Precinct of the Forty-third
District, objected to a ticket being de
stroyed, and as a result of the hot words
which followed he had a personal
encounter with Joseph Woods, one of the
election officers. Soldnels was arrested
and charged with battery and Interfering
with an election officer.
The notorious "Lefty" Bannon also got
in trouble at the Seventh Precinct of the
Thirty-fourth District and waa lodged in
the City Prison on a similar charge.
Headquarters of the various candidates
began to assume a very animated ap
pearance about midnight. The friends of
the candidates assembled In Jarge num
bers in the headquarters of their favor
ites and discussed the latest bits of news
with eager interest. Special heelers, ward
rounders and political 9ages for once were
the equals of the candidates, and the man
who rushed in with the latest returns
was pure of a warm reception. In the
various clubs in the city special arrange
ments had. In many Instances, been made
for getting the returns as rapidly as pos
sible. Early in the evening the news of
th« State fight began to be received, and
each bulletin waa read and received with
cheers according to the sentiments of the
crowd. There was a large crowd at the
Press Club and the Bohemian Club. The
returns were also read to the audience at
the Orpheum.
A small disturbance developed in the
Seventh Precinct of the Thirty-fourth
District on Twelfth street, between Fol
som and Harrison, last evening. It was
cauaed by a dispute over a ballot on
which a cress was placed a little below
the nnme of P. J. McCormack, but which,
the Judges decided, was meant a« a vote
for him. Exception was taken to this by
a couple of brothers named Bennnn and
a wordy xvar ensued. No blows were
struck. The police arrived after the af
fair had been settled.
The Chinese availed themselves of their
right to vote and were objectß of interest
in a number of booths on Stockton street.
Six men from the Orient were registered
in the Fifth of the Forty-fourth, and
ir.arked their ballots like native born
citizens. • ■-■
Edward Mcßlhane created a scene late
In the afternoon, in the booth on Bush
street, near Powell. He was properly ■ reg
istered, but asked .that some one assist
him In marking Ills ballot. The law ex
pressly prohibits this except in cases of
physical disability. As he had ', the use of
one of his hands the election officers re
fused him assistance. He threatened them
with punishment if they did not help him,
but they ■ could not be moved from * their
Bt^Uld.
Thoß. B. McFarland, R., 17. 1/ 18,832
T. M. Stewart, Pro 499
Robert Thompson, Pro 761
Walter Van Dyke, D., P. P., 8. R.. 18.244
Wm. C. Van Fleet. R., U. L 16,814
Congressmen.
Fourth
James H. Barry D., P. P 8,479
Julius Kahn, R 10,869
J. P. Kelly, Ind. D 416
W. J. Martin, S. L 587
Fifth
William Cralgr. D., P. P B.SBO
E. T. Kingsley, S. L 445
Eugene F. Loud, R 9,872
Board of Equalization.
John P. Dunn, D., P. P 15,162
J. G. Edwards, R 16,508
Railroad Commissioners.
William M. Hinton. D., P. P 17,875
Charles S. Laumeister. R 20,019
Assemblymen,
Twenty-Eighth
E. W. Carpenter, S. L» 95
Patrick Graham, R., C. R 514
Lawrence Hoey, D., P. P 787
Twenty-Ninth
C. F. Kennealy, R.. C. R 885
Stephen B. Nolan, D., P.P 656
H. F. Sahlender, S. L 70
Thirtieth
L. A. Devoto. R., C. R 763
Ed Hanrahan, D., P. P 634
F. Morf. S. L 72
Thirty-First
T. E. Brophy, C. R., R... 918
D. S. O'Brien, P. P., D 932
A. J. Oliver, S. L 50
Thirty-Second
C. H. Baker, S. L 103
P. F. Culllgan, R.. C. R 490
James M. Hanley, D 859
Thirty-Third
R. McCullough, R., C. R 732
E. D. Sullivan, D., P. P 769
Thirty-Fourth
J. J. Crowley, D.. P. P 1,406
Gustav Postler, S. L 127
Ed I. Robinson, R., C. R 1,243
Thirty-Fifth
Stephen A. Byrne, D., P-. P 790
William H. Copp, R., C. R 870
Thirty-Sixtn
Edward I. Coffey, D., P. P 1,190
A. H. Merrill, R., C. R 1,307
Thirty-Seventh
James G. Boobar. R., C. R 1,360
William E. White, D., P. P 1,386
TRAJAN'S ARCH.
To the student of sculpture this great
series of reliefs has come like a revela
tion. It was not supposed that Roman
art was capable of producing a work
of such breadth of conception, of such
an artistic combination of beauty and
strength. The skill and picturesqueness
of composition, the dramatic quality of
single figures, and especially what we
ca»i only term their life, are beyond
anything done in sculpture since the
altar at Pergamon. What we have
from the times of Augustus Claudius
and Titus Beems lifeless and monoton
ous in comparison.
With the uncertainty that reigns in
regard to the history of Roman sculp
ture, any work of assured date is wel
come.
It is amusing to see how many theo
ries are overturned by the arch. For
example, the best authorities have been
dating Roman busts from the style of
head dress, assigning a special kind of
style to the reign of Nero, another to
Tftus, another to the Antonines, etc.
There is now consternation in this
camp because all these manners of
head dress are found together on our
arch, and this convenient aid to datinsr
has vanished. While I am referring to
portraiture, let me call attention to the
superb portraits of «reat Romans on
the arch.
There Is, of course, a collection of
fine heads of Trajan himself, which will
at least double the number of his
known portraits; there is more than one
of Hadrian, Trajan's nephew and aide
de-camp; of Llcinlus Sura, his oldest
and most intimate friend, secretary and
chief of staff, and of other men who
were the Emperor's companions and
lieutenants in his wars. The arch Is a
mine of wealth of many kinds, and for
every one it is a beautiful work of art,
whcih may well serve as an inspiration
to modern artists as the most perfect
work of its kind that antiquity has pro
duced.—Century.
M. DE FONTENELLiE'S BRIGHT
SPEECHES.
M. said of a young fellow who
did not see that a lady was in love
with him: "ion are very yourfg; you
can only read large print."
A preacher said: "When Pere Bour
daloue preached ajt Rouen he caused a
great deal of disorder. The workmen
left their shops, the doctors their pa
tients, etc. I preached there the fol
lowing year and set everything right."
A collection was made at the Acade
my and there was a louls-d'or short.
A member whose avarice was well
known was suspected of having with
held his contribution. The collector
said: "I did not see the gentleman
put in, but I believe he did." Fon
tenelle settled the question by Remark
ing: "I saw, but I don't believe."
A lady ninety years of age said to M.
de Fontenelle, who "was ninety-five:
"Death has forgotten us." "Hush!"
replied Fontenelle, putting his finger
on his lips.
M. de Fontenelle, then in his ninety
seventh year, having just paid Mme.
Helvetlus a thousand pretty compli
ments, passed her, on his way to the
table, without seeming to notice her.
"See," said Mme. Helvetius, "what ac
count I should take of your gallantry!
You went by without looking at me."
"Madame," said the old gentleman, "if
I had looked at you I should not have
passed by you." — Gentleman's Maga
zine.
WHY JURY TRIALS ARE TEDIOUS.
"There is a very general objection
among business men to serving on Jur
ies in civil or criminal cases," observed
a well-known business man to a Star
reporter; "not altogether because It oc
cupies time which a business man can
hardly spare, but because of the meth
ods pursued by lawyers in trying cases.
They waste too much time in words,
words, and nothing but words. An or
dinary business man will develop and
absorb all the material facts In a given
case In less than half the time it takes
a lawyer to do so. He applies business
methods, direct and positive, while the
ordinary lawyer applies legal methods,
which are covered up with time-honored
cobwebs. The lawyers don't use direct
questions or leading questions, because
it is against courthouse practices to do so,
while a business man always uses them
in preference to going about it in a
roundabout way. It is very tiresome
for a business man to have to sit in a
courtroom all day long listening to
lawyers splitting legal hairs as to how
questions should be put tq witnesses or
answered by them. I had two sieges
of that kind in the Circuit Court be
fore I got on the Jury I am now on, and
if I can help it I will never serve- on
another. It is bad enough to have to
listen for hours and hours to unneces
sary evidence, but when one's Judgment
is further Insulted by the arguments of
counsel on both sides, the theory being
Thlrty-Elglitli
Lester H. Jacobs, D., P. P 1.122
W. H. Rickard, R., C. R 1.564
Thirty-Ninth
Leon E. Jones, R., C. R..... 25S
Oswald Leifert, S. L 115
S. S. Wardell, D., P. P 254
Fortieth
R. C. Altschul, P. P J0«
James H. Kelly, D 707
Hy W. Miller, R., C. R 1,259
Forty-First
Henry C. Dibble, R., C. R 1,343
I. S. Rosenbaum, D., P. P 750
Forty-Second
Lorenzo A. Henry, C. R., R 1,831
Curtis Hillyer, P. P., D 972
Forty-Third
James P. Booth. D., P. P 768
F. Lundquist. R., C. R 1,007
Forty-Fourth
M. H. Barry, R.. C. R 988
T. G. Reith, D., P. P 851
Forty-Fifth
R. J. Estudillo, P. P 158
W. H. Jordan, D 333
Eugene Sullivan, R 528
State Senator,
Eighteenth
John A. Hoey. R., C. R 1,537
John F. Twigg, D., P. P 1,859
Twentieth
Frank W. Burnett, R., C. R 2,834
P. J. McCormick, D., P. P 2,613
Twenty-Second
S. M. Bettman, R., C. R 2.1C1
H. H. Davis, I. R 1,000
John A. Wright, D., P. P 1,490
Twenty-Fourth
R. Porter Ashe, D., P. P 2,127
Leon Dennery, R., C. R 2,121
Constitutional Questions.
For Amendment No. 1 8,897
Against Amendment No. 1 9 576
For Amendment No. 2 9,776
Against Amendment No. 2 6,956
For Amendment No. 3 9,131
Against Amendment No. 3 7510
For Amendment No. 4 10[516
Against Amendment No 4 5 657
For Amendment No. 5 8J599
Against Amendment No. 5 5,140
For Amendment No. 6 7,007
Against Amendment No. 6 C 917
For Amendment No. 7 6,793 1
Against Amendment No. 7 , 7,149
For the convention to revise the con
stitution 5540
Against the convention to revlße the
Constitution 7 ( 987
ordinarily people cannot understand-
Ingly try a case without their elucida
tions and explanations of the testi
mony. I cannot honestly say that I
have ever got the slightest information
or idea from any lawyer's argument I
have ever assisted in trying, and other
jurors have said the same to me time
and time again. The Judges are tarred
with the same stick, too, for many
of their charges do more to complicate
the cases than to straighten them out,
for the charge is nothing more or less
than a condensation of the arguments
In the cases, and in many instances
even as tiresome as the arguments."
Washington Star.
WOMEN IN SMOKING CARS.
While sitting in a Long Island Rail
road train I saw a woman take out of
her pocket a cigarette case and walk
into the smoking car. A few moments
later I saw her calmly light a cigarette,
toss the match away and lean back
lazily, puffing the tobacco smoke and
watching bits of autumn landscape
framed by the window.
She waa a well groomed woman of
thlrjy perhaps, with brown hair and a
face bearing the unmistakable stamp
of refinement.
One cigarette finished she lighted an
other in the same matter-of-fact "way,
while thirty pairs of masculine eyes
looked on with interest.
The conductor told me It was not in
frequent for women passengers to in
dulge in a smoke while en route from
town to country. They did it, he said.
In the selfsame spirit that a man
does, and bo far as he could see they
had Just as good a right.
"How do the men seem to take it?"
I inquired.
"Well, they never have objected bo
far. After their first interested stare
they go right on reading their papers."
INDEPENDENCE HALL GUARDIANS.
Councils' Committee on City Property
agreed to report favorably to the Finance
Committee the ordinance to provide for
the reorganization of the staff of Inde
pendence Hall upon the following mag-
JliSS 6". 1 salary basis: Superintendent,
12000; Assistant Superintendent, $1900' spe
cial officer, $800; eight ushers, at $600 each
three cleaners at $600 each; one engineer
at $900; one fireman at $340, and three
night watchmen at $600 each—total. $13,
340. By some strange freak of parsimony
the committee omitted to provide for a
custodian of the Liberty Bell, but that
neglect will doubtless be rectified later
Fifty years ago one janitor and a
watchman took care of the hall, and .they
took such good care of It during their In
cumbency that It did not need to be re
stored until the new era of prosperity set
In. Now the visitors to the hall have to
run the gauntlet of a whole phalanx of
public servants, whose new uniforms will
make the Revolutionary heroes upon the
walls po shabby by comparison that the
restoration of the dingy, patriots in buff
will probably soon be called for.—Phila
delphia Record.
COMMENTS ON OUR "BUTCHER'S
BILL."
Lord Wolseley has a special aversion to
sanitation, which he has described In the
"Soldier's Pocketbook" as a fad laying
down at the same time that sanitary of
ficers have no business at the front The
utterly irrational nature of this doctrine
scarcely needs demonstration. If it did
one might point, to the statistics that
have Just been published of the Ameri
can losses In the.war with Spain
♦ It -appears '• rom l if flgrures that the
total killed In both army and naw
amounted to 279. and the total wounded to
1423, while; there actually died of disease
In camp 2086, and the total number treated
in hospital was something like 40.000 In
other words, twenty men were killed or
disabled by disease for every man killed
or disabled in action; There is only one
name for the man who In the face of
figures like" these could question the Im
portance of . an efficient army medical
service. He must be . a fool.— London
Truth.
LONGEVITY OF BALLET DANCERS.
A statistician has been devoting him
self to a study of the eminent in this
particular art, and his investigations
seem to establish the fact that they are
an unusually long lived lot. The famous
Carlotta Grisl Is living now at the agv>
of seventy-seven, and one of the bal
let dancers at the opera In Paris sev
enty; but he is a man. Amalia Ferraris
Is still teaching at the age of seventy
eight in Paris, and seems likely to con
tinue that work for some time to cume
Fanny Easier was seventy-four whm
she died, and Taglloni has passed her
eightieth year. Rosita Mauri, the pop
ular premiere at the opera in Paris, Is
over fifty and has begun to talk of re
tiring.
BOUND TO OBLIGE.
A lawyer noted for his laconic style of
expression sent the following terse and
witty note to a refractory client, who
paid no attention to reiterated demands
for the payment of his bill:
"Sir: If you pay the inclosed hill you
will oblige me. If you don't, I shall oblige
you."— Boston Journal.
THE EMPORIUM.
No transaction is completed in this store until the customer is satisfied-
4L W il^^^i^^ uits from the well - known !■^fek,
m fe^S^P^^» Rochester Factory of the ; -^k
HH| STEIN'BLOCH GO. \ ik
' * i^^^P On sale ail of this week in W ; ,,
California's largest s.ore for the in- ||
credibly low price of $6.9?. Every
wBSpfR suit bears the famous Siein-Bioch = m
T& m label; every suit is all wool; every ■
suit is perfectly cut and finished; WHHi
every suit is worth at least double. ML/-. j#
Round-cornered single-breasted sacks. §& \^^Wjjf
Wk. Twenty patterns to choose from. £&'< S'l&f
All sizes— long, short, slim jo%^S^'
or fat. _^ffl Hmr^
W Ooldenßule Bazaar.
THE GREAT "STAKED PLAINS."
FORT WORTH, Texas, Sept. B.— The
vast changes that have been made out
of the great "Staked Plains" the past
sixteen are phenomenal. That
large expanse of unbroken prairie de
rived its name from the Mexicans and
Indians, who called It "Llanos Esta
cades," long before the advent of the
Americans. The scarcity of water dur
ing the summer months rendered it a
dangerous matter to attempt the jour
ney across them, and it is known that
many caravans of Mexicans in early
days making their way from the Rio
Grande into New Mexico perished
among their sandy wastes.
For many years after the country on
every side had been in a measure set
tled up the plains were looked upon as
a sort of forbidden region, the epitome
of everything that was inhospitable In
nature and totally useless for supplying
any of the wants of man. Those ad
venturous individuals who ventured far
into its dangerous depths reported it a
treeless, silent waste, without a sign
of life, except the buzzards that circled
high in the heavens or the coyote that
hurried across the trail and disappeared
like a flash among the sagebrush and
tall grass that lined the banks of the
dry arroyos. Huge whirlwinds would
appear to block the way for a time, and
then hurry off, as if disturbed by the
presence of men in those grim soli
tudes. In the early morning wreaths of
dust went spinning around before the
breeze, as if some desert sands had
arisen and had just begun to envelop
the great expanse.
The last case known of any one per
ishing on the plains was in 1890, when
two Americans and one Mexican, a
sheep herder, attempted to make their
way from Pecos City to Amarillo in
midsummer, and, being poorly provis
ioned with water and losing the trail
as well, soon died of thirst, as did
their horses. A peculiar feature of this
accident was that, although the coyo
tes and buzzards had picked the benes
of the Americans clean, the body of tho
Mexican had baked and dried In the
sun and was practically intact, owing
to the fact that the diet of the Mexi
cans on the border is always composed
in great part of chile and red pepper,
substances apparently not appreciated
by either the buzzards or the coyotes.
Since that day no other fatality that
is known has occurred on the plains.
The progressive rancher and cattleman
has year by year encroached on this
vast area, sinking- wells, running wire
fences, and rearing a better breed of
stock than is to be seen to-day any
where in Texas. Water is found from
20 to 100 feet, and in abundance. The
altitude of the "Ctaked Plains" district
insures the health of the stock the
year round, ad fever, anthrax and
blackleg are seldom heard of in that
region. Such great cattle magnates as
Colonel Slaughter of Dallas, John
Scharbauer of Fort Worth, C. C. Good
night of Midland, and many others of
equal note are now heavily Interested
in' this once forbidden territory — St.
Louis Globe-Democrat.
SNAKES IN AUSTRALIA.
There are five kinds of venomous
snakes in Victoria— the tiger snake, the
black snake, the brown snake, the cop
perhead and the death adder.
The last-mentioned 1b very rare in
Victoria and very venomous. It is
about two feet long, very thick in pro
portion to its length, of a dull-brown
color and with a flat, wide head. The
strangest thing about it is that many
people believe its sting is contained in
the tail.
Leaving the death adder out of the
count, there are four species which are
fairly common. The tiger snake comes
first. In popular estimation if not in
reality. It is regarded as the most
venomous and the most savage. It at
tains in some districts a length of about
six feet, but the majority of specimens
are from three to four feet long. Its
coloring is variegated, black and brown
on the back, and pale brown on the
belly.
When attacked it sometimes raises Its
head to a height of a foot from the
ground; and its appearance then, as It
rests with its head seemingly widened
out, its neck contracted, its forked
tongue flickering out of its mouth, and
its eyes blazing with rage, makes the
average man rather chary of approach
ing. One good point is that the back
bone of all snakes Is easily broken by
a blow from a stick, and the power of
locomotion is thus taken away. Next
on the list is the black snake. This is
rather larger than the tiger, and the
handsomest of all Victorian snakes.
The back is jet black and shines like
a well-polished boot, and the belly is
a beautiful salmon pink. It is less com
mon than the tiger snake and is very
frequently confounded with the copper
head. The brown snake is brown on
the back, whity-brown on the belly and
about the same length as the other two.
The commonest of all, at any rate near
Melbourne, is the copperhead which is
found in most parts of Victoria. As its
name implies it has a coppery head, a
dark back and a yellowish belly. —
Chambers' Journal.
MARYLAND'S MODERN NOAH.
A steam launch seventy-five feet long
being built two and a half miles from
■water is the unusual sight which may be
seen on the road from Pomona to Quaker
Neck. Kent County. The boat is building
within a few feet of the public road, and
many of the original timbers have rotted
away during the tedious continuance of
the work.
About fifteen years ago Captain A. Jud
son, a man who had "gone down to the
sea In ships" for many years, came to
THE EMPORIUM.
Kent and opened a store. After mer
chandising for a short time he bought a
pretty little home near the village of Po
mona and started a sawmill. Finally
the old sailor conceived the idea of build-
Ing his yacht. The keel was laid, the
ribs elowly assumed position, and winter
and summer the work dragged on. Years
passed. The first timbers began to de
cay, and before the completion of one
part the timbers were of necessity re
placed by new, and yet the pet scheme
was not abandoned, and now the dry
land ship is nearing completion.
The yacht is to be 75 feet in length, 11
feet beam and 6 feet hold. She will be
propelled by steam, and, the captain
says, will turn off twenty miles an noun
A cabin forty-five feet in length will be
built and fitted up for a long cruise, the
Intention of the captain bein°- to revisit
many scenes of his early sailor life. The
puzzling question to the casual observer
is: How is this cralt to be got to the
Chester River, more than two miles
away? The captain says that with one
horse the launch will be quickly and
easily made. The boat now has the deck
on, and it is expected that the launch
will be made next summer. The launch
ing day will be made memorable, and the
sponsor for the ncvel craft has already
been chosen. — Baltimore Sun.
AMTERICAN COMPOSERS.
I>t the American study the music of
all nations and enrich his resources from
their achievements, and then write from
his own heart; for, after all, in the arts,
individuality is absolutely necessary to
triumph, and it is far better to be one's
self than to be merely the citizen of a
little province; better to stamp one's work
with an individuality than with the dia
lect of a district. Particularly is this true
In this ago of civilization, when travel
and electricity are slowly making the
world one great unit. The American,
being the composite of many races,
should have the widest field to choose
from; he should write from the most en
larged individuality.
The peculiar resources of the citizen of
the United States can be seen from the
fact that among the best compositions
written by native composers are a sym
phony descriptive of negro emotions, writ
ten by Henry Schoenfeld before Dvorak
ever advanced his theories; an Indian suite,
written by E. A. MacDowell; a Chinese
Suite, written by Edgar Stillman Kelley
from researches made in San Francisco:
a Greek tragedy set to music by Profes
sor J. K. Paine, and equaling Mendels
sohn's best work in this line; a religious
cantata based on an old Latin hymn by
Horatio W. Parker; the fiery songs set
to German, French and English words by
Ethelbert Nevin, and the musical back
ground to Longfellow's poem "Sandal
phon," by Harvey Worthington Loomis. —
Self Culture.
GREAT SHOOTERS IN EUROPE.
In Europer where the question of
game supply does not enter into
consideration, killing for count is
recognized as legitimate and sports
manlike. He is considered to have made
a record of honor who has bagged the
largest numbers of birds or other game.
Thus we read of one Trauttmansdorff —
Prince Carl Trauttsmansdorff— who has
to his credit for a, single day's shoot
ing the slaughter of 862 head of game,
with the best bapr of pheasants 303, of
partridg-s 632, of hares 416, of rabbits
638, of roebuck 12, of fallow deer 20. and
of black cock 14, and a best year's count
of 10,833 head of assorted game.
Another record smasher is Farl de
Graj-, whose exploits have been duly
tabulated for a series of years, from
1867 to 1895, His pheasant score was
111.119, with partridges, 47,468
grouse, 26,747wrabbits, and as many
hares, 2735 snipe, 2077 woodcock, 1393
wild duck, 567 deer, 12 buffaloes. 11
tigers, a couple o:C rhinoceros and 9000
assorted; making a total of 316,699 for
the entire period, or about 11,000 an
nually. This is a record which the most
industrious market shooterin this coun
try would needs work hard to equal.
In very truth the noble sportsman must
have been a monomaniac in the field.
Yet for all Ms slaughter the game sup
ply where he shot has not been per
manently diminished.
AN EYE TO BUSINESS.
She was elderly, with the indisputable
appearance of the well bred. Her black
gown was unpretentious, yet it had an
air of neatness about It which would
have distinguished it among any sur
roundings.
The North Clark street man recog
nized all this, and as the woman
crossed the street his eyes followed her
with a look of vague wonderment.
The opposite pavement was wet, and
when the woman reached it she hesi
tated, made a false step and fell.
The young man was at her side in an
instant and bent nervously over her
as she lay unconscious.
The crowd gathered quickly, but
when he shouted "Stand back!" it real
ized his earnestness and obeyed. He
carried her into a neighboring drug
store and called for water.
"Quick!" he said. The clerk stood be
hind the counter excitedly twirling his
fingers.
"Bring me water!" the young man
demanded again.
The clerk gasped: "Vat you want,
sodawater?"
"SEEING GLASS" OR LOOKING
OLASS.
The following Is an extract from the
will of a Ijincolnshlre farmer, dated
August 1, 17U6:
"Item I also give to my wife the bed
she now lieth on, one ovel [sic] table,
one tea table, one Round table, three
round backed chairs, one spindle chair,
my chiney [sic] and Tea table, Silver
spoons, one Baril [sic] warming pan,
and a Seeing Glass and Tongs."
The covetous person lives as if the
world were made altogether for him, '
and not he for the world; to take in (
everything and part of nothing.— South. I .
THE EMPORIUM.
14 and 16
Kearny Street,
Formerly 427 Kearny Street.
Use /***% and .
Facial Soap j^/ Facial Cream
■Woodbury's Facial Soap. Facial Cream. Fa
cial and Tooth Powder have the indorsement a
the Medical and Dental Professions. Sol'.
everywhere. - ■ . .
jggm. rncTO.ii.rKn) lIIVII ifiH
i ®^&fif9 (**& THE NEW
tWtSr loth Day. oil* /It ■ "W- T II If 81 S
YITALIS - oth Da ?- £- M DEUCfW
PRODU KS THE ARUTE 30th Day. Elkln tU 9 I
BKBMTB. ltqnicklvisnreljtremoTMTlerTousness, Impotccci
Kifthtly Emission*, Evil Dreams Wasting Diseases and all eff«ci
of self -abase or excess .-.nd indiscretion. Restores Lost Vltaliti
Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity and Con«umr
tion. Cures when all others fail. Insist on having VITALIS
no other. Can be carried in the Test pocket. By mail »1.0
per package or six for i?5.00 with a guarantee to Cure •
!.'« fui>.l the Money. Circular Free. Address
CAMMKT CIR£ CO., 884 Dearborn St., Chios*
! ' Sold by Owl Drue , Co.. S. F.. and Oakland
t ; ■
A ty- p^,. . • -j^A YACHT!
and
" :^ BOATS.
H. EMGELBRECHT, Successor to . V;
SAN FRANCISCO LAUNCH CO.
1 Continues the business of the above company
at the same place. Telephone Red 1571. ;.
Corner North Point and Stockton Streets
IM PR \/ITA HesMrCs VTTAI.ITT
'Y^ 1 * »l Irt LOST VIGOR,
4*3B§}l "— AND MANHOOD
wEmFji Cures Inapotency Night Emissions and wasting
WSmSPS diseases, ail effects of self-abuse, or erccsj ant
yS indiscretion. A ncrve'tonic and blood^buildcr
.% v^V Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and it
B. J^L?>u_t stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 pet
I^O^SI bon 6 boxes for $2.50; with a trader!
Wll»^w^guarantee to cure or refund the money.
AcrviU ificdica! Co., CHnton « Jackson stj., (Jhicas:.
WALLER BROS., 33 Grant ave.. San Fra.nc.aco.
Munyon's Headache and lndigestionCure
Is the only remedy on tL« market that
will cure every form of Headache In a
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion,' stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every, home and
every traveler's i ripsack. At all .Drug-
gists. 25 ; cures. 25c. ' ■
DR.MGNULTX;
HPHIS VVELL-KXOWN AND RKLIABT,KOLI>
A Speclalistc«r*sPrlvate,Jfervoua,andßloodDis-
eases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20y'rs I experience.
PatlentscuredßiHome. Terms rea^)tiahl<>. Hours!)
to3dalljr;6:3otoB:3oev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddre33
P. ROSCOE McN ULTY, M.D.,
26 ' a Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
S^^m^ RUPTURE.
■ETvjl J^f Jm USE NO MORE IKON
Jf&j/fjiSilAt+sSSr Hoops or Steel Spring*.
m^^SXßf^T^ Rupture retained with eiM
H^-^J^Bsrt: * n<s comfort, and thousands radU
■ /SSV^ cally CURED by DR. PIERCE 1 *
% //Si* Magnetic Elastic Truss. E?"Calt at
■ Vk^ office or write forNew Pamphlet No. J.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO., ;
820 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel. San Francisco
WEEKLY CALL
c# It Publishes the Cream of th»
2 News of the Week and.
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
;eJ ORIGIN FEATURES.
•P\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY ,
of PAPER ON TMB
2 PACIFIC COAST ,^
3 v r" : /- : ■. : :
2 The Best X Mining
°) Telegraphic \^/ News That
c*\ -Serv»ce;bo" "' ■ /N. Is Accurate
o< The Coast / \* up to date
o< — — / V 
o{ —
ib(; Not a Line of It Sensational
o ' . . ' or Faky, and Not a Line of
_) it Dry or Uninteresting.
: O
H i »i c
!cJ Bright, Clears. I A Cbampioo »l
! ■>j .;;: Tfaougbtlal. --> Truth. J , ; /
iS " i\ ''■6
[)NESDAY NOVEMBER 9. 1808
~JQHN D. SPRJCKELS> Propnatof.
Address All CommunicationsJoJjV^J^
ÜBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Stfc, S. P.
Telephone Main 1868.
DITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) le
•erved by carriers In this city and surroundloo town*
for 15 cents a week.- By mall $6 per year: per month
f 66 cents. __^___ —
•HE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
AKLAIND OFFICE ._~ *» Broadway
EW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlftft* Honee
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
HICAGO OFFICE Marquette Bulldlnft
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock. 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock.- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkjn street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock.- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 PoIR street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "Mistakes Will Happen."
California— "Finnigan's Ball."
Columbia— Kellar, the Magician.
Alcazar— "Dr. Bill."
Morosco's— "Stranglers of Paris."
Tivoli— "Girofle-Glrofla."
Orpheum —Vaudeville.
Comedy— "The Heart of Chicago."
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
The Chutes— Lillian F. Smith, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Orpheum— Concert Thursday, November 17.
Columbia— Lecture Thursday afternoon.
Native Son's Benefit to Mr. Frank Mathleu.
Sutro's Baths— Swimming.
Oakland Race Track— Races.
Rosenthal— Coming in December.
ROOSEVELT'S VICTORY.
5Y loyal and intelligent Americans in all parts of
the country Roosevelt's victory in New York
will be hailed as one of the most cheering re
ults of the elections. While his contest, strictly
peaking, was only a State campaign, the issues in
olved in it were broadly national. It was a question
'hether courage and honesty could win against all the
' jrces of corruption banded together in the strongest
rganization known to American politics. The re
ult is a glorious victory for the right. It is another
vidence that the American people can be relied upon
d uphold honesty, no matter how powerful may be
le foes that combat it.
Theodore Roosevelt has never been a trimmer. He
as never been a mugwump. He has never played the
of a demagogue. He has been a stalwart Repub
can, and a thoroughly independent man at every
:sge of his political career. He has held on his way
t all times fearless in the face of every form of oppo
inon that confronted him in the path of duty,
.'either the clamor of mobs nor the threats of bosses
i swerve him from the faithful performance of
ork. His record in every office in which he has
een tried attests the sterling honesty of his character,
nd the votes cast for him yesterday prove that the
eople can be trusted to support such a man whenever
r e appeals to them.
The thousand demagogues who, after trying by flat
sry of the people to coax them into sanctioning in
ompetency or demeYit, went down to defeat yester
ay can find a profitable lesson in studying the career
f Roosevelt. They can learn from his triumph, when
.ompared with their own humiliation, the old truth,
'Corruption wins not more than honesty."
In redeeming herself from the menace of Tammany
lall New York has proven the soundness of Ameri
an political life. Roosevelt's victory is a victory for
opular government everywhere. It is a triumph for
or.esty and courage won under circumstances that
ustify a general rejoicing over it throughout the na-
FAREWELL TO fILL NAVIES.
!\ T IKOLA TESLA announces that he has per
\^ fected an arrangement by which any warship
* may be blown to bits without risk to the engineer
>f the deadly mechanism. There is one glance from
•he eagle eye of the operator, a twist of the wrist, and
is over but the newspaper accounts of a glorious
ictory. There is not to be any chance of salvage.
The fragments are to be so minute that the ocean
•reeze will dissipate them in a cloud of dust. Death
;ill be painless and plenty.
Tesla evidently contributes indirectly to the support
if a lot of space-writers. Ever and anon, or even
)ftener, the world is startled by the report of some
rent invention which is destined to revolutionize this
hing or that, and while waiting to see the revolution
tegin learns with surprise that Tesla has concluded
o switch his contemplated revolution somewhere else.
ust now it happens to be the destruction of ships
, t 'hich occupies his mind. Not that there is the slight
probability he will ever get the device into work
ing order. He seems to think an invention near
enough perfection when it has reached the stage to
>c written about.
Of course Tesla knows much of electricity. He
as caused it to cut curious capers. Nevertheless his
hree-column dissertations concerning inventions
vhich fail to get beyond a theoretical stage do occa
ionally become tiresome. When Edison is in an in
entive humor, he invents. A similar humor seizes
fesla, and he announces that he is about to invent.
"his illustrates a marked difference between the pair.
There is no crying need for a scheme to blow navies
Hit of the water. We have a growing one, and it is
nore useful intact and afloat. There is really satis
action in reflecting that Tesla's bark is about 50,000
olts worse than his bite.
A GALLANT SOLDIER'S REWARD.
<^~* OOD for Corporal Healy. He went as
-~"¥ a private to Manila, having been among
*^-^ the first to enlist in the First Regi
nent. To take up arms for his country he
esigned from a good position on The Call. He
vas in the battle before Manila, and for gallant con
uct was promoted to be corporal. Notwithstanding
is attention to military duties Healy has found time to
end to this paper some of the best letters the public
as had from Manila. His writings have been marked
y vividness of description and a never-failing modesty
,-hich kept the writer's personality in the background,
nu throughout have been enriched by a quaint hu
aor. Now Corporal Healy has been made Superin
endent of Schools in Manila. There is no doubt that
n the new position he will be as attentive to duty as
ie was when earning a reputation as a good news
laper man, and later as a brave soldier in a gallant
cgiment.
It is worth remembering that under the single tax
-lan Maguire would not pay a single tax.
CALIFORNIA TO THE FRONT.
CALIFORNIA will receive the congratulations
of her sister States this morning upon the
splendid vote of yesterday. The combination
of Democrats, Populists, Silverites, single taxers,
calamity howlers— all the foes of society and thrift
led on by their ablest, most aggressive and most dan
gerous leaders, has been met and utterly routed. It
is a victory which will add to the repute of the State
throughout the Union, strengthen hei prestige and
confirm her prosperity.
The man under whom the conservative elements of
the people have achieved this notable success, so bene
ficial to the general welfare, is well worthy of the
honor. When Mr. Gage entered the canvass he was
a comparatively unknown man to the greater portion
of the people. He had never been an office-seeker.
He had never desired notoriety. He had lived the
life of a hardworking lawyer, and only to his neigh
bors, his clients, the courts and the bar were his splen
did abilities and sterling character known.
As soon as he entered upon the canvass, however,
the force and the charm of his personality were felt.
The people soon came to know him and to recognize
in him the qualities that make up a genuine manhood.
The directness and the earnest sincerity of his
speeches won popular favor. He made friends wher
ever he appeared. His strength increased as the cam
paign progressed, and had the time for the canvass
been longer his majority would have been even larger
than it is.
Many factors have undoubtedly conduced to the
great victory over Maguire and his radical followers,
but it is beyond gainsaying that the personal strength
of Mr. Gage was one of the most potent. With a
leader of less force and capacity the ardor of the
party would not have been so fully aroused; with one
of less integrity of character the independent vote
would not have been so warmly attached to the Re
publican standard. It is, therefore, to a large extent
a Gage victory. The coming Governor has not only
won the honor, but deserved it.
For the commonwealth the victory is a most no
table one. We shall, perhaps, never fully know how
great was the danger that menaced our prosperity in
the Maguire movement We can calculate the injury
that would have been done to land-owners by pre
cipitating a single tax agitation led on by the Gov
ernor and can estimate the evil that would have been
inflicted upon all forms of industry by the election of
an avowed enemy of capital to the position of chief
executive of the State, but the indirect evils resulting
frc>m such agitations and alarms we can never under
take to compute.
Fortunately, the danger is over. The menace has
ceased. Maguireism has been utterly routed. Cali
fornia takes a front place among the great conserva
tive and progressive commonwealths of the Union.
Capital will seek her fields for investment, her labor
will be in demand. She will continue to merit the
title of the Golden State, and her wealth and pros
perity will grow with the years.
BRITISH WOR PREPARATIONS.
■ ZIJ UROPEAN war clouds— which, like the poor,
it seems we shall have always with vs — are at
>— * this time somewhat more threatening than
usual. The cause of the new scare is the extraordin
ary activity in the British naval and military depart
ments. This activity has been going on ever since the
announcement of the arrival of a French force of oc
cupation at Fashoda, and, from all reports, has now
reached a considerable magnitude.
If there were any immediate danger of war, how
ever, the British Government would not be the only
one engaged in mobilizing war forces. Some other
nation would also be active in preparing for a con
flict. The fact that all other powers seem to be com
paratively quiet, and are not exerting any extraor
dinary energies in equipping their armies and their
navies, justifies the conclusion that none of them re
gards the British display as a serious menace.
Another explanation than that of imminent war
may be foun4 for the activity of the British War De
partment. It is known that the British, like our
selves, have relied largely upon a force of volunteer
troops for the protection of the empire, and the diffi
culty experienced by the United States in getting
such a force promptly ready for battle last spring
made a profound impression on the British public.
By way of testing their own readiness, the British
Government mobilized an army corps last summer,
and it will be remembered the results were far from
gratifying. It is possible, therefore, that the present
activity may be no more than the performance of
the work necessary to make up the deficiencies in the
service which were shown to exist on that occasion.
It is clear, however, that sooner or later the long
threatening^var cloud must break. The expansive
forces of the great powers are bringing them nearer
and nearer together in Africa and in Asia. The
friction between opposing claims and interests be
comes yearly more pressing and more grinding. Un
less something can be done to relieve the friction, it
is only a question of time when it will cause flames to
burst forth at some point in the world, and from
there it will rapidly spread.
In the meantime the situation, if not dangerous, is
extremely interesting. We have looked for war from
the great military powers of the Czar and the Kaiser,
and not from the country known to the world as a
nation of shopkeepers. Just now, however, the Czar
is working for a conference to arrange for a general
disarmament, and the Kaiser is journeying in the
Holy Land ostensibly in the interests of the Christian
religion, while the commercial British are making a
gigantic display of naval force in every quarter of the
globe.
Whatever may be the motives of these different ac
tions, or whatever may be the results, we will have
good reason to rejoice on our Thanksgiving day that
we are not a part of the European system.
MILES ON THE WAR.
A GENTLEMAN named Miles, having, it is
affirmed, a military reputation, and connected
with the army, has sent a report to the Secre
tary of War concerning a recent misunderstanding
with Spain. Perhaps this is not a presumption on
his part.'
However, there is every reason to suppose that
Miles has compiled his statements without having
once consulted with Richard Haiding Davis. He
has not drawn upon Creelman for facts. Probably he
has failed to include the information that one of
these gentlemen was the ablest tactician in the San
tiago campaign, and that the other did most of the
fighting. Yet do they not modestly acknowledge
this themselves?
It is true that old soldiers laugh at Davis, but old
soldiers grow cynical. It is true, also, that Creelman
has been given more space for idle boasts and self
glorification, founded on fancy alone, than any other
living, lying correspondent. Nevertheless, the two
seem to be regarded as worth consideration, both by
yellow editors of dailies and lead-colored editors of
magazines.
Miles is in a delicate position. Supposing that he
run counter to Davis and Creelman, where will he be
at? Would he not better have permitted them to
write the report for him? Then they would have
been satisfied, even if the rest of the world had to
remain in doubt as to what happened in Cuba.
DANGERS OF IMPERIALISM.
AN apparently well informed writer in the Fort
nightly Review says that the tendency among
the weaker nations of Europe to get rid of
their colonies is caused by a general belief among
them that such possessions are an expensive luxury.
He declares that the real subject matter of the Dela
goa Bay negotiations between Germany and Great
Britain was the relinquishment of all the possessions
of Portugal in African territory, covering an area of
000.000 square miles. The Portuguese Government
is now practically bankrupt, and it can obtain the
money to pay the damages resulting from the Dela
goa Bay arbitration only by selling its African pos
sessions.
"Great Britain and Germany," says the writer re
ferred to, "have become joint heirs to the estates of
the Portuguese crown in Africa, and, while undertak
ing the reversion in common, they have prudently
provided against any clashing of interests when the
time arrives for entering upon their heritage." And
he adds that the Anglo-German agreement covers a
right to pre-empt the various Portuguese colonies,
with the purchase money assigned to each.
The same writer declares that the loss of the Span
ish colonies through the late war with the United
States has produced a decided sense of relief in
Spain. There is now a strong demand for cutting
down the expenses of the army and navy, and the
business men of the kingdom, to say nothing of the
privileged classes, are looking forward with hope to
the time when the country will be free from the
enormous drain which has heretofore crippled the
home government. He also notes the fact that Ital.v
is much gratified at having got out of her disastrous
African colonial venture with a clear skin, and he
doubts very much whether either of these countries
will ever again aspire to colonial empire.
All this is very interesting when considered in
connection with the acquisition by the United States
of Cuba, Porto Rico and the Philippines. Spain, with
a complete colonial system of government, has made
an abject failure in carrying on the affairs of those
islands. Yet the people of the United States, with
out experience or qualification, and with no idea
whaiever of the work before them, have entered gaily
upon the solution of the great problem. Nobody
seem? to entertain any other idea of the business than
that we shall make a brilliant success in governing
these subject countries, the population of which is
utterly incapable of governing itself.
It would seem that at the present moment there is
great need in this country of a political party which
will set its face strongly against the imperial or ex
pansion policy. The fact is, colonial enterprises de
pend for success upon a thorough naval and civic or
ganization. Great Britain has such an organization,
and she has therefore made a tolerable success of the
business. But in a country like the United States,
where government is conducted solely by consent of
the governed, and where flap-doodle politics and
office-seeking are leading industries, colonial ex
pansion is bound to prove a failure. According to
the writer in the Fortnightly, Spain is glad to get rid
of her colonies. Perhaps before we have had Cuba,
Porto Rico and the Philippines many years we shall
cede them with equal relief. But in the meantime a
great deal of discreditable and humiliating history will
have been made.
RUSSIA'S OLIVE BRANCH-
rROM the first there has been a suspicion that
the olive branch waved by the Czar of all the
Russias is loaded. This is confirmed by the
circumstance that the Czar has about as many sol
diers as anybody to disarm, but keeps right on drill
ing them. He talks peace and acts aggression. # The
bear is trying to coo like a dove, and somehow the
result fails to soothe.
Lately Russia has indicated a willingness to take
the part of Spain in her troubles with this country.
Now, if his game is really the promotion of brotherly
love, the Czar would be wise to have the cards cut
for a new deal. The monarch, as well as the person,
who attends to his own business does much in the
direction of acquiring esteem. If the Czar think to
scare us he has been viewing the United States
through a glass reversed. We are not impressed by
his olive branch, nor do we shudder because it pro
trudes from a rifle.
Now the suspicion concerning the Czar's insincerity
becomes certainty, for he has received the admiration
of Editor Stead of London. "I thank God for him,"
says this journalist. "If that young man is spared he
will go far." Not, we trust, too far. There does not
appear any valid reason for thanking God for the
Czar or for any other potentate. It may be reason
able to express gratitude for the goodness which has
set them at such a distance. Stead seems to be in
that condition best described as "rattled." The Rev.
Dr. Talmage once had the experience of dining at the
palace of Russian royalty, and has been gibbering
about it ever since. Stead, apparently, has been
similarly swelled. He thinks that olive branch is all
right.
An Oakland man who murdered his wife eight
months ago has been brought back from an asylum to
be tried for the offense. He professes to be unable
to recall the deed. The trial should at least be rigid
enough to refresh his memory. However con
scientiously and unknowingly a man may slay his wife
it tends to create the impression that he is not a de
sirable person to be permitted at large.
There are naturally signs of discontent in relation
to army promotions among the Philippine forces.
This is always to be expected. California is not com
plaining much, but does make bold to affirm that her
Colonel Smith of the First deserves to be a general
now.
It seems to be the plan of Spain to charge the
United States a stiff figure for the lodging of troops in
the Philippines. Probably it will next be bringing suit
for damages based on the harm done its boats.
United States war vessels are going to Samoa. Per
haps there will be some objection to this, which is
an excellent reason for sending them.
President McKinley consumed just one minute and
six seconds in voting. Evidently a straight ticket
was good enough for him.
When the Maria Teresa went down it sunk in a
depth of 2600 fathoms. Even Hobson will concede
that it has gone to stay.
Now that the. election is over the** is a chance to
look forward to the next one.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Rev. John Traup of Healdsburg is at the
Baldwin.
E. "W. Allen, a San Jose lumber man, is
at the Lick.
Dr. L. H. Head of San Jose is registered
at the Russ.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Lux of San Jose
are at the Palace.
S. H. Rice, a prominent attorney of
Uklah, is at the Grand.
R. Henderson, a Los Angeles merchan
dise broker, is at the Lick.
F. B. Chandler, a large ranchman of El
mira, is a guest at the Lick.
William B. Frue, a well-known San Jose
capitalist, is at the Baldwin.
Henry Hicks, a well-known Grass Val
ley cattleman, is at the Russ.
Jesse D. Carr, the well-known Salinas
capitalist, is at the Occidental.
Dr. and Mrs. Thomas J. McCoy of Los
Angeles are at the Occidental.
Frank L. Coombs, ex-United States Min
ister to Japan, is at the Palace.
. Captain W. H. McMinn, the San Jose
capitalist, is a guest at the Lick.
H. D. C. Barnhart, a prominent cattle
man of Santa Cruz, is at the Lick.
C. A. Cook, agent of Raymond & Whit
comb's excursions, is at the Palace.
E. S. Churchill, the Napa banker, accom
panied by his wife and daughter, is at the
Palace.
August Lohr, a prominent mining man,
is registered at the Russ from the City of
Mexico.
Whaling Captain George B. Leavitt of
the Thrasher has arrived from the Arctic,
and is at the Russ.
Captain C. W. Anderson, a mining man
of Dawson, registered at the Russ,
is on his way to Randsburg.
Miss Marion Bentley, the well-known
pianist, now at the Baldwin, will leave
shortly for New York to fill professional
engagements.
Jacob Bueck and A. H. McClellan, own
ing considerable mining interests in Alas
ka, chiefly on Bonanza Creek, are just
in from Dawson, and are at the Russ.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. B.— Philip Lippitt of
San Francisco is at the Savoy; J. H.
Langtry of San Francisco is at the Nor
mandie; F. E. Titus of San Francisco is
at the Girard.
THE OLD RUSTIC BRIDGE.
'Tis just a common rustic bridge,
And spans a common stream;
Where mild-eyed cattle slake their thirst,
And shadows glint and gleam.
The jroldenrod and asters flame
Along the sedgy bank;
The grass is thick, and lush, and green,
The weeds are tall and rank.
But it Is fair, this quiet stream.
Where minnows dart and play:
Where willows droop and blackbirds call
Through all the livelong day.
The planks are old, and gray, and
warped.
The rail is broken down.
But it is dearer far to me
Than any bridge in town.
MARY M. REDMOND in Donahue's.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
GENERAL SCHOFIELD— S. S. T..
Presidio. Cal. General Schofield was re
tired with the rank of lieutenant general.
ON THE NILE— P. E. C, City. The
article descriptive of the building of the
great dam across the River Nile appeared
in The Sunday Call of August 14, page 22.
BONDS— A. S.. City. United States
bonds do not specify that they shall be
paid in "gold or both silver and gold,"
but that the principal and interest shall
be paid in coin.
STATE ELECTIONS— Reader, City.
The State elections in Montana and
Washington will be held on November 6,
1900. The year wa? omitted in the printed
answer given a few days since.
VALUABLE HALF DOLLAR— W.,
City. The selling price of a half dollar of
1832. United States mintage, if the legend
is in small letters, is from <o cents to $1;
if in large letters from $2 50 to $3 50.
WOMAN'S EXCHANGE— M. E. P..
Petaluma. Cal. Mrs. Sophie Lilienthal
is the recording secretary of the Woman's
Exchange, San Francisco, and Lucille B.
Foreman is the corresponding secretary.
STRYCHNINE— J. A. 8., Pozo, Cal.
This department is informed that an
amount of strychnine equal to the size of
a small pea would be sufficient to kill a
900-pound cow if administered to her.
HOLDING A PLEDGE— M. C, City.
The law of California says that a pawn
broker who receives an article in pledge
must not sell the same until it has re
mained in his possession six months after
the last day fixed by the contract for re
demption.
A CONTRACT— C., City. The law of
California says that a contract is an
agreement to do or not to do a certain
thing. The essentials are: Parties capa
ble of contracting, consent, a lawful ob
ject and a sufficient cause or considera
tion. Contracts may be oral.
STATE CAPITOL DOME— A. B. C,
City. The height of the ball on the top
of the dome at the State Capitol, Sac
ramento, is 243 feet above the level of
the crossing of Tenth and M streets. The
top of the dome is 223 feet above i..c level
of the same crossing.
THE HIGHEST RANK— S. S. T., Pre
sidio, Cal. The highest military rank in
tfn> United States at this time is that of
major general. The ranks of lieutenant
general and general have been conferred,
but have ceased to exist since the death
of those upon whom conferred.
IN THE CIVIL WAR— H. A., Sunol
Glen, Cal. The following are the figures
given as to the number of men enlisted
for the Union armies during the civil war:
Total, 2,018.200. divided by nationality as
follows: Native American. 1.523.300; Brit
ish-American, 53,500: English, 45,500; Irish,
144.200; German, 176,800: other foreigners,
48,400; foreigners, nativity unknown, 26,500.
THE ARIZONA— A. O. S., City. The
last advice received as to the Arizona
was that the vessel was to go to Hono
lulu to convey soldiers from there to Ma
nila. What is to be done with her after
that is something that no one can tell
at this time, as she is subject to the or
ders of the War Department, and may
be ordered to any point at any moment.
It is probable that her crew will remain
with her until her return to this city.
STREETCARS— Reader, City. The city
ordinance regulating the stopping of
streetcars at crossings in San Francisco
is as follows:
No driver, engineer or conductor of any
streetcar shall permit such car to remain
upon any street crossing or upon the
crosswalk thereof so as In any manner
to obstruct the travel over such crossing
or cross walk; provided, however, that
this provision shall not apply to cable
lines where the grrad.e of the street is
such that the car cannot be stopped be
yond a crossing on account of the incline
of the street.
RULE IN CASINO-J. H. V. D. H.,
City. The rule in the game of casino is
that when the last hand is played it must
be played to a close before a count is
taken, and the one who holds cards is the
first 10 count, and if he has enough points
he wins. In case neither party has cards,
as in a case of tie on the number of cards,
then the one who holds spades counts
first. The order of counting is: Cards,
spades, big casino and tittle casino, aces.
If it is agreed that sweeps shall count,
then they follow aces, According to the
rule, if in a game of thirty points A has
six to go and B has four points, A makes
cards, big casino and one ace, and B
makes spades, little casino and three aces,
A is the winner, as he has the first count,
and having made cards (3), big casino (2)
and an ace (1), he has the requisite num
ber to win.
NOT A LEGAL MARRIAGE— H. B. 8.,
City. This correspondent writes: "Brown
marries twice. By each union he has
a son. In time the son by the second
wife wishes to marry the daughter of the
flrst wife's son. Would such a marriage
be legal?" It would not be In Califor
nia. The first son born Is Brown No. 1.
the second is Brown No. 2. Those two
are brothers of the half blood. Hair
blood is the relation between persons or
the same father or mother, but not. or
the same father and mother. Brown wo.
1 marries and has a daughter; she be
comes the niece of her father's hair
brother (Brown No. 2>, and as the law
says that uncle and niece cannot marry
in California, such a marriage would De
void. In such a case, the consanguinity
is not as the correspondent suggests,
that of cousins. .He must have got half
brother confused with step-brother.
TWO PARKS— P. M. d Angels.
Cal. The Yellowstone National Park is
in the northwest corner of Wyoming,
bounded on the north by Montana and
on the west by Idaho. It is about sixty
two miles long north to south, and about
fifty-four miles wide east to west. It
is nearly a rectangle in shape and con
tains 3312 square miles.
The Yosemite Valley is a cleft In the
western slope of the Sierra Nevadas, in
Mariposa County, near the center of Cali
fornia. Its location is 155 miles south
east of San Francisco.
COINAGE BY PRIVATE PERSONS—
Subscriber, City. It was not until the
early part of 1860 that Congress passed a
law prohibiting private individuals from
coining money. The constitution provides
that no State shall coin money, but is
silent as to individuals. In the early part
of the sixties tne attention of becretao
Chase was drawn to the fact that a repu
table firm in Denver, Colo., was coining
money, and when he inquired Into the
matter he was informed by the Attorney
General of the United States that there
was no law against it and that the firm
had a right to coin such. That led to the
passage of the law Prohibiting individuals
from coining money or establishing pri
vate mints.
GLADSTONE-M. R. and others, City.
The following is given as a resume of the
public work of the late W. E. Gladstone,
and is from an article written by W. T.
Stead:
He completed a revision In British finance
which Sir Robert Peel began; established free
tVaCe and threw the ports of the empire open
i™?he B worldraboU Bhed8 hed paper duties and ren
dered a cheap press possible; reduced the dut>
on cheap light wines in the mure 8 * of tern
perance; prepared the way for a heavy in
come in the death duties and steadily reduced
the national debt; he was the most potent force
in the electoral revolution which demoralized
first the urban then the rural electorate and
then directed the attack on the House of
Lords; he revolutionized and popularized the
foreign policy of England-it ■uPP°rted .young
peoples itmseV.ns to be free: championed Bul
garia against the Turk and defended the prin
ciple of the European concert as the germ of
tlie united states of Europe; he conquered
Egypt gave up the lonian Islands, the Trans
vaal. Afghanistan, annexed Fiji and Southern
New Guinea and either granted or conllrmea
the charters to the Royal Niger. Borneo and
South African companies; in the case of tne
Alabama he established the principle of ar
bitration as the rlpht way of settling interna
tional disputes between English-speaking peo
pleß; he abolished church rates and university
tests and disestablished and disendowed the
Irish church: he attempted to do Justice to the
Iri^h peasants and closed his career by an un
availing effort to pass a measure of home rule
for Ireland.
HUMOR OF THE DAY.
Biggs— Can I use your telephone?
Diggs— Sure. Who do you want to talk
to?
Biggs — siug-gs. T understand he made a
derogatory remark about me, and I want
to tell him just what I think of him.—
Chicago News.
"It's all up with us now," he remarked
as he raised the umbrella.
"No," she replied, "you mean It is all
over between us."
And if was not laughter that shook the
ribs of the umbrella, it must have been
the wind.— Philadelphia Bulletin.
Tommy— l dunno whether that new boy
nex' door is a coward or Jist smart.
Mr. Figg— What have you been up to
Tommy— W'y I called him a Spaniard,
an' he said I ought to go in the house an'
get him something to eat.— lndianapolis
Journal.
"They should send a regiment of im
munes against those Indians."
"Immunes?"
"Yes: bald-headed men."— Cleveland
Plain Dealer.
"It seems to me that I recognize the
features, but the picture is somewhat
blurred around the mouth."
"Yes; that is a speaking likeness of my
wife."— Judge.
When horned owls toot
Their satf salutes.
While still the wicked flea;
If in pursuit,
The arrow roots.
Why can't a cat nip tea?
—Life.
COST OF LIVING ABROAD.
Those people who, from what they have
been told, have formed the impression
that living is cheaper in Europe than in
American might not so hastily jump to
this conclusion if they would follow the
advice of Robert Luce in "Going Abroad,"
and demand that when a man claims that
he has spent less in a year abroad than in
a year at home he shall go into details
as to what he got in return vfor the
money expended. "Ask him if he kept
house"," says Mr. Luce, and "did he have
a bathroom? Was there a range in his
kitchen? Was the house heated by hot
air, hot water or steam? Was it an apart
ment house? Did it have an elevator?
Were there set tubs in the laundry?"
Those questions, it is claimed, are more
than likely to force him to confess that
lie really did lack some of the conveni
ences in Europe which he cannot live
without in America. If interrogated on
the matter of food he will admit that the
European cost has not differed much
from the American. "But." continues the
writer, "ask him about clothing and at
last he will smile triumphantly and tell
you how cheap he bought a suit in Lon
don or gloves in Naples. If, however, you
demand "How did they wear?" and
'How did they fit?' he will evade the ques
tions." In conclusion: "The assertion
that living abroad is cheaper than here is
a half truth, deceptive and dangerous.
Undoubtedly, most Americans who go
abroad live cheaper than at home, but
the reason is simply that they are con
tented with less. From necessity or with
out unhappiness they dispense with many
things that in America they deem indis
pensable either for bodily comfort or to
maintain social position.'
BLACK JACKS. LEATHER BOTTLES.
Sack is ever associated in my mind with
black-jacks, perhaps from the old rhyme:
The great black-jack
Well filled with Sack, etc.
These bombards sometimes held sev
eral gallons. In the inventory of the
goods of Sir John Fastolfe, who died in
1459, are potell bottels, gallon bottels,
quartletts, four "galon pottis of lether"
three "pottelers of lether." etc. The
black-jack made a good tavern sign.
From the window of the Black Jack in
London leaped Jack Sheppard to escape
arrest.
The old festive song, "The Leather Bot
tel," is 200 years old. j\. bottle had a stop
ple; therefore the song asserts the bot
tle's superiority over a jug or black-jack
in these rhymes:
Then what do you say to those black pots
there?
If a man and his wife should not agree,
Why, they'd tug and pull till their liquor doth
spill.
With a leather bottel they may tug their fill,
And pull away till their hearts do ake.
And yet their liquor no harm can take.
So I wish in heaven his soul may dwell.
That first found out the leather bottel.
Black-jacks and leather bottles were
used for a time by the American colo
nists. Governor Winthrop had leather
bottles among his belongings, and he »oM
a black-jack to Governor Endicott for Is
6d. In the inventories of the Connecticut
colonists leathern jacks, bottles and cups
are named. But few, however, now are
in existence in America; their bands and
handles of silver have been taken off and
melted and the stout leather vanished.
The two Narragansett survivors are ex
ceptionally good existing examples, and
were exceptionally handsome black-jacks
even in their day and time. Few now
can be found even in England. They were
in use in Winchester College, however,
until the year 1840.— Chap Book.
SONG OF THE KATYDID.
"The common names by which insects
are known," remarked a man who knows
something about orchard life, "are so
often misleading and out of keeping with
the characteristics and habits of the in
sects that the naturalist feels sometimes
like exclaiming that all popular opinions
are fallacies. There Is the katydid, for
instance. The katydid was named after
his song, presumably; but. as a matter of
fact, the song of the katydid has no more
resemblance to the sound of the > words
than it has to the number pf syllables la
the statement which the insect is sup
posed to iterate so determinedly.
P"lnP "In beginning his song .'or the evening,
the katydid does not say 'katy did at all
He— only the males are supplied with the
mSsfcal apparatus-begins the song very
low, very slow, and with a single syllable.
After a time he adds another syllable, and
raises his voice-properly speaking, he
raises his wings, because that s where tne
n °'p e re°tty l soon °he* increases the volume of
sound and adds still another syllable. It
was at this time, with the accent on the
third and final note, that the or ginal and
superficial observer named the insect the
katydid But the song does not end here,
by any means. More syllables or notes
are added the volume of sound increasing
all the time, until they number seven or
eight Such a number is not alwa> ■
retched, however. The katydid's solo is
a love song. The song stops when it has
served its purpose of attracting a mate.
One may afways tell the approach of the
shy and blushing she-katy by the agita
tion in the note of the wooing male. His
orchestra stops the rhythmic and monot
onous sing-song. It breaks up into short
nervous, staccato notes. He no' longer
plays 'katy did' or whatever movement
in the upward scale he was engaged
upon. lie stops suddenly and begins
something like this: 'Kate! Oh Kate!
Katy! Katy, Katy. Katy!' If the slen
der Katherine is true to the instincts of
her sex, and for the proper period re
mains coy, the gentleman will, perhaps,
pursue her. Perhaps, on the other hand,
he will sulk. That usually has the effect
of bringing about a definite understand
ing. It may be that she rejects him ab
solutely, and, merely to prove that he
does not care a straw, he will reflect upon
the other pebbles, and once more take up
his chant. .
"The people living in the country have a
great deal of faith in the katydid as a
prophet. He begins his song, they say,
exactly six weeks before the first frost-
This Is another popular opinion gone
broke. The Katydid is an Irish prophet
he prophesies backward. His song begins
after the last frost.
"The song of the katydid is, properly
speaking, not a song at all. It is an in
strumental solo. His musical apparatus
is at the base of his wings, and it is as
curiously constructed as some of those
mysterious instruments of a Wagnerian
orchestra, about which one always won
ders what it would be like if somebody
tried to play a solo on it. The katydid's
method seems to be a cross between the
method of the bass violist and the man
with the big drum. He scrapes with his
legs and beats with his wings, and if he
corresponded in size with a human or
chestra he would be capable of rendering
life unfit to live in a place of the size of
New York State."— New York Sun.
YOUR HEALTH.
Tepid water as an emetic
To bathe weak eyes, salt water.
For croup, a cjoth wrung out of hot
water.
For constipation, hot water taken
freely before bedtime.
For earache, a bit of cotton soaked in
oil and sprinkled with pepper.
For headache, application of hot
water to the back of the neck and the
feet.
For sudden hoarseness, a lump of
borax the size of a pea dissolved in the
mouth.
For cramp in the foot, pressing the
hollo./ of the foot against something
round and hard.— Good Housekeeping.
"Hollows" in the front of the neck are
easily filled up when you begin to
breathe deeply, instead of from the top
of the lungs. Try it, keep at it, and tell
others.
KERNELS OF TRUTH.
Springfield has corn on exhibition, the
stalks of which are seventeen feet in
length. Another evidence that this is a
Republican year.— St. Louis Star.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per rt> at Townsend's*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
» m ■
Hopkins Institute of Art.
Last week of the exhibition. Last con
cert Thursday, November 10. Will close
Sunday, 13th inst. Members must regis
ter their names for the distribution of
paintings on or before Thursday evening,
when the distribution will take place. •
COLD BLOODED.
A fish trust is being organized. It is sin
cerely hoped it may not put the price of
necessary brain food out of reach of the
toiling newspaper men. — From the Den
ver Post.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over flftv years by millions of
mother* for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, spftena
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causiß. For sale by Druggists In every
part of tht ■* »-;d. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 26c a bottle.
Through Tourist Car to St. Paul.
This car is nicely upholstered in leather.
leaves every Tuesday night, no change. Goes
via Shasta route and Northern Pacific Rail
way. The scenic line of the continent. Tick
ets on sale to all Eastern cities at lowest rate*.
T. K. Stateler. general agent. 638 Market St.,
San Francisco.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel: longer stay $2 60 per day. Apply at
4 New Montgomery street, San Francisco.
MOKI TEA POSITIVELY CURES SICK
headache. Indigestion and constipation. A de
lightful herb drink. Removes all eruptions of
the skin, producing a perfect complexion, or
money refunded. At No Percentage Pharmacy.
Behove the causes that make your hair lifeless
and gray with Parker's Haib Balsam. ■
I'akkks's Gixoeb Tojjic cures inward pains.
Commercial lunch. 11 to 2. Among the Bar
rels, 863 Market st.
SERVED HER RIGHT.
A New York girl broke her arm saaklngf
hands with her beau. That's what she
gets for treating him to such a formal
greeting.— From the Philadelphia North
American.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I PUTS i :
I! ON A ||
1 BRAKE ||
W i ■l\ r-« 1% I , y(
& JB-J' JLVI Bk. M.n>M~4 &
I When a man is ; |
$ rushing on the 8
S road to destruc- $
| tion, the Keeley j |
I treatment steps |
v in and puts on a\[
$ brake. It is a cure $
S■-■;S ■-■; for drunkenness |
\\ and all drug $
| addictions. S
< > "Write for information. .. Si '
\ I THE KEELEY INSTITUTES, «
<> 1170 Market street, San Francisco, a
w .■■' Donohoe Building." - 3
£ Lankersnlrn Building. 3d and . f .
< I Spring streets, Los Angeles, .Jf
« Fred A. Pollock. Manager. gRESULTS OF GENERAL
ELECTIONS IN THE EAST
VICTORY FOR
REPUBLICANS IN
SEVERAL STATES
Successful F^ght Waged Against
Cro^erism iQ New
YorK-
Colonel Theodore Roosevelt Elected and • thje
Legislature of the Empire State
Is Also Safe.
NEW YORK, Nov. 8. — To-day's elec
ire a general victory for the Re
publicans. A successful fight against
rism was wuged in New York,
: toosevelt's election is indicated by
a majority of about 20,000. Congress
will be Republican, but by a narrow
majority in the House of Representa
tives. In the Senate the Republicans
will have a majority of six.
At midnight the returns indicate that
the Republicans have carried New
York, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Mas
sachusetts, New Hampshire, Michigan,
West Virginia, Illinois, Maryland,
Rhode Island, New Jersey and Cali
fornia.
The Democrats have carried Ne
braska, Virginia, Minnesota, North
:na and Texas, and the Populists
have won in Kansas.
The next New York Legislature will
Mean by about twenty on
t, thus assuring the election
of a Republican successor to United
Bitor Murphy. .
1 the country at large the Repub
a have scored many successes and
several reverses. While they
will control the United States Senate
• . have probably lost control of the
House, which is very close. It will
probably be safe for sound money with
the .aid of gold Democratic votes. Ac
cording to the latest returns from Con
gressional districts throughout the
country the Republicans are certain of
a good working majority in the Senate
of the Fifty-sixth Congress, while the
House will be very close between the
Republicans and the allied opposition.
These are the figures for each House
of the new Congress as shown by the
latest returns received from all States:
Senate — Republicans 50, Democrats
vcrites 6. Populists 5, indepen
dent, 1.
House— Republicans 174, Democrats
167, Populists 5, fusionists 3, Silverites 8.
In the present House of Representa
tive?; the Republican majority is fifty-
■even.
/ In to-day's election they lost In the
. t on account of the return of thou
sands of gold Democrats to the regular
organization, and they made slight
gains in the West on account of the
breaking up of the Populist forces and
of the popularity of the President's pol
:' territorial expansion in that sec
tJct of the country.
•id-money Democrats In the "West
also voted with the Republicans more
generally than in the East, as the
financial issue was made more promi
nent in the campaign in the West.
The Republican control of both
houses means Congressional support for
the President in dealing with the terri
tory acquired from Spain in the war.
It also means that the Republican
party will be able to carry through the
currency and bank reform measures.
At any rate, there can be no free sil
ver legislation, for even if revised re
turns should deprive the Republicans
of the control of the House, the strong
Ijlican majority in the Senate
«ould make the House powerless to en
act the silver law, even if the sound
money Democrats could not be depend
• 1 upon to act with the Republicans in
sition to the silver forces.
All the Democrats elected ran as
r. ■minces of the regular organization.
Efforts to obtain pledges from some of
them on the money question during the
' i?nj;aign were fruitless, but there are
i:a.stern States who can be depended
upon to aid in defeating proposed silver
aion, even if they will not help
the banking and currency law.
The Democratic vote in Greater New
V rk proved a disappointment to the
friends of Judge Van Wyck. In round
imbers the greater city gives Van
80,000 more votes than Colonel
-velt. The vote is divided about
;iows: Boroughs of Manhattan
. Bronx, 60,000; borous-h of Brook
. 17,000; borough of Queens, 2100;
. zh of Richmond, 2200.
is the greater city, instead of roll
p the 100,000 Croker was counting
»t together 80 000 plurality, which
velt had to overcome up the
He has done this in very fine
notwithstanding the fact that he
inndicapped by the canal frauds,
Raines law in Democratic cities
by the indifference of politicians
espoused the cause of Governor
I ut the Saratoga convention. Erie
went Democratic by about
th« Orman voters of Buffalo
!ig to Judge Van Wyck on the
Raines law issue. There was also a
Republican falling off in Mon-
County, which is the home of
ge W. Aldrtdge, one of Black's
-ants and Superintendent of Pub-
Works. Aldridge had e.'ain:'
• to give Roosevelt 5000 plurality
this county. As a matter of fact, it
. ;.robably nut rc-ueh 1500. !<•
:iso went heavily against i:
This is the home of Governor
Black and also of United States Sena
r Murphy. Various estimates are at
but it Is believed that the county
■ >ne Democratic by between two
Sr*-e thousand.
The election in the city of New York
I off quietly. There was very lit
tle trouble at the poll*, and the vote is
admitted to have been fair. Practically
■very Congressional district in ("Ire-ator
-^ York has elected a Democrat.
Lp: :.iuel E. Quigg's defeat in the Four
teenth District by Captain William
Special IMipatch tc The Call.
i Astor Chanler, while not unexpected,
■ will create surprise outside of the
i State.
Massachusetts lost two Republican
' Representatives as a result of to-day's
j election. With this exception every
| thing went the way of the dominant
! party. Governor Wolcott's plurality
I will be 70,000 to $0,000. Returns in Con
j necticut show that George E. Louns-
I bury, Republican candidate for Gov
■ ernor, has defeated the Democratic
! nominee, Daniel M. Morgan, by a ma
| jority of about half that of 1596. Re
i publicans have carried all of the four
Congressional districts in the State.
New Jersey elected Foster M. Voor
hees (R.) to the governorship for three
, a Republican Senate and Assem
bly to elect a successor to James Smith
Jr. in the United States Senate, and six
of the eight members of Congress.
Pennsylvania +ias been carried by the
Republicans by a plurality not much
short of 100,000. Returns have come
in slowly from cities in the State, but
State Chairman John P. Elkin claimed
at 1 o'clock to-night that enough
has been received to bear out his pre
diction made Sunday night that Stone
would be elected Governor by 131,000
plurality.
At Democratic State headquarters the
election of the Republican State ticket
was conceded, but no figures were given
out. The Republicans will have a large
majority in the State Legislature, and
Senator Quay will doubtless be his own
successor.
The Renublicans have elected their
entire Ohio State ticket by pluralities
ranging from 25,000 to 45,000. and get
eighteen of twenty-one Congressmen.
These figures were given out at State
headquarters at midnight, and are con
ceded practically as correct by th*
Democrats.
Indications are that the Illinois Re
publican State ticket is elected by a
plurality of 25.000 or 30.000, although
scores of districts have not reported at
all either on the State Legislature or
Congressional tickets. That Republi
cans will lose several Congressmen is
conceded, and indications are that they
will lose three and possibly four in
Cook County. The Legislature will be
Republican byb v good working majority
in both branches.
North Dakota returns indicate the
election of B. F. Spaulding. Republican,
to Congress over A. M. Creel, fusion, by
3500 plurality. The Republican State
ticket, headed by F. B. Fansher for
Governor, is probably elected.
Incomplete returns indicate the elec
tion in Kansas of the entire State ticket
I d by John W. Leedy also the
election of five out of eight Populist
Representatives.
Election returns from Minnesota are
• music to Democratic ears to
night for the first time in forty years.
That John Lind is elected Governor
is quite obvious from figures already
in. He has certainly carried Minne
apolis and returns so far indicate that
he has perhaps 10,000 plurality in St.
Paul. Winona, Stillwater, St. Cloud
and Duluth have also gone for the
Democratic candidate. Republicans
elect Tawney in the First District; Mc-
Cleary in the Second; Stevens in the
Fourth and Fletcher in the Fifth by
6000. The Seventh has gone for Ring
dal (Dem.) and the Third and Sixth are
in doubt.
The probabilities are that trie Demo
crats of Wyoming have elected the
Governor and the Republicans the bal
ance of the State ticket, Congressmen
and Legislature.
Pingree is re-elected Governor of
Michigan and ten out of twelve Repub
lican Congressmen are elected.
The Silver forces of Nebraska have
carried everything they expected to
carry, and, while there have been no
positive gains as far as can be defi
nitely ascertained to-nigrht, indications
are clear that any changes are in favor
of the fusion candidates.
The result of the election in North
Carolina is such as to surprise even the
most sanguine Democrats. The Demo
cratic State Chairman said to-night:
"We have the State by not less than
25,000 majority. The indications are
that we have elected seven or eight of
the nine Congressmen. White (R.) is
elected in the Second District, and pos
sibly Linney in the Eighth. The Re
publicans and Populists at their re
spective headquarters admitted that
there was a landslide.
Maryland fiirni.shed some surprises.
It was confidently expected that the
Republicans would carry five out of the
six districts. Instead they carry four,
and barely save one of these by 72 plu
rality.
The Democrats have carried Missouri
by an old-time majority. Chairman
Cook of the State Central Committee
estimates that the plurality will be 40,
000. The Legislature will be Democratic
by a good working majority, and Sena
tor Franc-is M. Cockrell will be elected to
succeed himself. There Is no opposition
to him. Thirteen of the fifteen new
Congressmen will be Democrats.
The Republican vote has falkn off
everywhere in West Virginia, but in
some sections the Democrats have sus
tained losses. In the First District
Dovener, Republican, seems to be
elected by perhaps 1500. In the Second
Me' 'raw. Democrat, has mad*- some re
markable sairs. The Fourth is very
with Neal, Democrat, showing
small' gai'is.
The Democrats have carried all of the
ten Congressional districts in Virginia.
Chairman Treat of the Republican
State Central Committee figures that
Scofleld (R.). for Governor f Wiscon
sin will carry the State by 40,000 plu
rality and claiming the Legislature
will be largely Republican and at least
eight of the ten Representatives will be
the Republicans will carry
the State by about 50.000 and elect the
entire Congressional delegation.
The Democratic State ticket was
elected without opposition in South
Carolina. , . ,
Little interest was taken in the elec
COLONEL THEODORE ROOSEVELT, Governor-Elect of New York,
tion in Utah. Returns indicate the
election of Roberts (D.) to Congress by
1000. Silver was not so grewt an issue
as in 1896, as each of the three parties
adopted a free coinage platform. The
Democrats, .with eight hold-over Sena
tors, will probably have 45 out of 63
members of the Legislature.
Democrats swept everything before
them in Louisiana. The Republicans
were not even able to make it interest
ing. In addition to six Representatives
in Congress, three Railroad Commis
sioners, all Democrats, were elected.
NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. B.— Theodore
Roosevelt, Republican, late colonel of
the First United States Volunteer Cav
alry, has been elected Governor of this
State by a plurality anywhere from
18,000 to 20,000.
All Colonel Roosevelt's associates on
the Republican State ticket are prob
ably elected with him. The returns both
from Greater New York and from the
counties outside of this municipality
are incomplete, but enough has been
received to indicate a heavy falling off
in the vote up the State, while that in
cities was well sustained.
The consequence is a falling off in the
Republican plurality in the State from
212,000 to the approximated figures
given above. Outside of Creator New
York the vote for Van Wyck is only
about one-fifth of one per cent above
that of Porter in 1896. There appears
to be a loss of four Republican Con
gressmen in the Brooklyn district, the
Second, Fourth, Fifth and Sixth; and
Congressman Quigg who had a major
ity of about 9000 at the election last
year, has been defeated by William
Astor Chanler. In the Albany district,
the Twentieth, Glynn, Democrat, has
been elected to succeed Southwick, Re
publican.
In. addition to the foregoing there are,
seemingly, Democratic gains in the
Eighth and Thirteenth districts, both
in this city, Daniel J. Riordan bein?
elected in the one and Jefferson M.
Levy in the other. This makes a total
Democratic gp.in of seven Congressmen.
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.— Returns re
ceived in the Associated Press office in
this city from all over the country up
to 12:30 o'clock this morning indicate
that 85 Republicans and 109 Democrats
have certainly been elected to seats in
the national House of Representatives.
The =ame districts two years ago iv
turned to the lower House of Congress
IQJS Republicans and 89 Democrats.
• id solely upon the estimates in
these districts a Republican loss of 20
and a Democratic gain of 21 Is indi
cated. These eHti mates concede to the
Democrats all of the Congressional dis
tricts in Greater New York except one,
the Fifteenth.
MASSACHUSETTS.
BOSTON, Nov. B.— The Republicans
have again carried Massachusetts and
elected Roger Wolcott Governor for the
fourth time, as well as the entire State
ticket by a safe majority.
Governor Wolcott's plurality over A.
L. Bruce, his Democratic opponent, will
be about 70,000, or 13,000 less than his
lead last election. The vote, this year
was much heavier than In 1597, and Mr.
Bruce made substantial gains over
George Fred Williams, the Democratic
candidate last year. As in the past two
years, Wolcott succeeded in carrying
Boston, which is usually a Democratic
city.
Nearly all the interest in the cam
paign was confined to the Fifth, Sev
enth, Ninth and Tenth Congressional
districts, and both parties fought; hard
on national issues, but the Republicans
lost two. if not three, of their districts.
However, with the assistance of a
strong Independent Democratic candi
date the Ninth District remained Dem
ocratic and returned John F. F'tz^er
ald fur the third time, while the Tenth
District went Democratic and the Fifth
District was in doubt for some time.
The Eighth District, which was con
sidered doubtful, remained in the He
publican ranks and elected Ernest W.
Roberts.
The Legislature will be bun little
changed from its present list, narao)?
ISI Republicans, 59 Democrats, and '.he
Governor's Council will also stand T he
same as last year— seven Republicans
to one Democrat.
ILLINOIS.
CHICAGO, Nov. B.— Five and prob
ably six Congressmen have been gained
in Illinois by the Democrats, and the
next Congressional delegation from
this State is likely to be evenly divided,
eleven Democrats and eleven Republi
cans. It is possible for the Republicans
to have twelve of the twonty-two Con
gressmen, for all the returns are not yet
In, but the indications are for an even
split on the delegation..
The entire Republican State ticket is
elected by over 30,000 plurality. In
Cook County the vote has been very
close, the Republicans carrying the
county and the Democrats the city of
Chicago. The Democratic plurality in
the city is about 3000, and the Republi
can plurality about the same in the
county. __ — .
«
MICHIGAN.
DETROIT, Nov. B.— Governor Pin
gree held his own tolerably well in to
day's election. At 10 o'clock to-night
the Republican State Committee
claimed his election by from 50,000 to
60.000 majority. The Democratic State
Committee do not yet concede defeat.
The Governor ran several hundred
ahead of his ticket in Detroit, and ran
up a plurality of 2000 in Grand Rapids.
In Saginaw he doubled on his plurality
of 1896. In Jackson, Lansing, Bay City
and other smaller cities he was cut con
siderably, but the country districts sur
rounding went uuite strongly fcr him.
The balance of the Republican State
ticket is elected.
The upper peninsula gave its usual
Republicn majority, but there was a
great amount of splitting on Governor
in the lower peninsula. The vote on
Congressmen is close in half of the
twelve districts, the others returning
Republicans with certainty.
The Legislature will have a Repub
lican majority, but whether Pingree or
anti on the equal taxation issue is as
yet undetermined.
NEW JERSEY.
TRENTON. N. J., Nov. B.— New Jer
sey has been carried by the Republi
cans, and Foster M. Voorhees, the Re
publican candidate, is elected Governor
by about 12,000 plurality. Essex Coun
ty, which wa? conceded as the fighting
r.d of both parties, has gone Re-
I publican by about 9000, and both houses
of the Legislature will be Republican.
This will insure the election of a Re
publican to succeed James Smith Jr.
(D.) in the United States Senate.
Ex-Congrossman Kean is conceded
to be the choice of the Republicans as
Senator Smith's successor. The Demo
crats have elected two of the eight Con-
I gressmen — Salmon in the Fourth and
| Daly in the Seventh. The Senate will
: stand 14 Republicans to 7 Democrats.
! The Assembly will probably stand 40
Republicans and 20 Democrats. This
is allowing to the Republicans the two
from Middlesex County, which is very
close.
MARYLAND.
BALTIMORE, Nov. B.— Full and
semi-official returns from the city of
Baltimore and partial returns from the
balance of the State make it reason
ably certain that Maryland has re
1 turned four Republicans and two Dem
| ocratic Congressmen, after an extraor
| dinarily close but entirely listless
j election. This Is a Democratic gain of
i two.
The Democrats succeeded in obtaln
: ing a majority of the popular vote in
j Baltimore city for the first time in yix
: yearo and there is but little doubt they
would have sent five Congressmen to
I the next national legislature if an ac
; tive and aggressive campaign had been
i made. The entire delegation, with the
: exception of Messrs. Mudd and Baker,
are new timber and are looked upon
as favoring a gold standard of cur
rency.
KENTUCKY.
LOUISVILLE, Nov. B.— The Demo
j crats of Kentucky to-day carried nine
! and possibly ten of the eleven Con
! gressional districts in the State — a gain
; of two or perhaps three over their last
delegation. The Republicans carried
only one district, the Eleventh, solidly,
but this was always conceded by their
! opponents, as it has been a Republican
: stronghold for years. In the Ninth
< District the race between Pugh (R.)
! and Williams (D.) is very close, both
' sides claiming it. The Republicans in
S the Fifth (Louisville) District talk of
j contesting the election of Turner (D.).
The vote throughout the State was the
lightest known in years.
NEBRASKA.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Nov. B.— Scattering
precinct returns up to midnight mdi
I cate a political surprise in Nebraska,
I inasmuch as they forecast the almost
j certain election of Hayward (R.) for
I Governor by a plurality of not less than
i 3000. This will be a reversal of the
verdict of 1896 by nearly 15,000. The
count thus far is wholly on Governor,
so far as the State ticket is concerned,
and it is the belief that Hayward is
running slightly ahead of his ticket,
which makes the results on remaining
State offices very close. The most sur
prising feature of it all is the strength
displayed by Republican legislative
candidates, the full returns received
showing them to be even ahead of Hay
ward. As these are from but one or
two counties, however, they fail to in
dicate ansuredly the complexion of the
Legislature.
At midnight, Chairman Slaughter of
the Republican State Committee said:
"We have elected the entire Republican
ticket by pluralities of not lees than
3000, and possibly to exceed 5000. We
will have a majority of the Legisla
ture on Joint ballot and will elect a
Republican United States Senator to
succeed Senator Allen. We have elected
three Congressmen and probably four
of the six."
The fusion committee made no state
ment, further than to insist that they
had carried the State and Legislature.
One hundred and thirty-two precincts
outside of Lincoln and Omaha show a
net Republican gain of 2132.
Lincoln and Lancaster counties show
a Republican gain (estimated) of 600.
Chairman Slaughter says the average
Republican gain to the precinct is 10.
A gain of 6 to the precinct would mean
Republican success.
INDIANA.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. B.— At mid
night only about 220 precincts out of
3259 have been heard from, no one
county having reported in full. Re
turns come in slowly, and both parties
claim the State. Chairman Martin of
the Democratic Committee, expresaes
himself as confident that the Demo
cratic State ticket is elected by about
15,000 majority, together with a major
ity of the Legislature. The Republican
chairman makes the same claim for his
side.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Nov. 9.— At 1
o'clock this morning Chairman Martin
of the Democratic State Committee
said the returns were not as yet suffi
ciently complete to determine as to
the State. The Republicans have prob
ably elected in the Sixth. Eighth,
Tenth, Eleventh and First districts,
though the last is not conceded. The
Democrats claim the Second. Third,
Fourth, Fifth. Seventh, Ninth, Twelfth
and Thirteenth districts. The Legisla
ture is still in doubt. It will be impos
sible to give reliable figures on the
State, Congress or Legislature until to
morrow. Both parties claim all three.
•
MINNESOTA.
ST. PAUL, Nov. B.— The result in
Minnesota is very much in doubt, but
at midnight the State is being placed in
the Democratic column, at least so far
as the Governor is concerned. Eustis,
the Republican candidate, ran behind
his ticket in most of those precincts
where the vote on all the candidates
has been given, so that the fact that
much fuller returns will be needed to
decide between the gubernatorial can
didates is looked on as presumptive
evidence that the rest of the Republi
can ticket is probably elected. The
Legislature, which will elect a suc
cessor to Senator Davis, is concededly
Republican. The Republicans have
certainly elected four Congressmen.
the other three being doubtful rather
than positively Democratic. In fact,
the Democrats have about abandoned
their claim that Heatwole is defeated
by their candidate in the Third, whin
some of the later returns from the
Sixth and Seventh districts are very
favorable to Morris and Eddy.
MISSOURI.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 9.— Up to 1 a. m. re
turns from both the city of St. Louis
and State of Missouri were far from
complete. At Democratic headquarters
incomplete returns from 40 out of 114
counties in the State seemed to indi
cate that the Democratic majority on
the State and Congressional tickets of
1896 would be equaled. The claim was
made that success in the doubtful
counties of Butler, Carroll and Scot
land and the election of five additional
Democratic Representatives in St.
Louis, with Senatorial gains else
where, insured a larger majority in the
State Legislature for the Democrats
than they had two years ago.
Richard Bartholdt (R.), Tenth Con
gressional District, is undoubtedly
elected, but the Eleventh and Twelfth
districts are in doubt and claimed by
both parties. The other thirteen Con
gressional districts are probably Dem
ocratic, but it will take complete re
turns to settle this.
WYOMING.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 9.— The fol
lowing signed statements of the politi
cal situation were handed the corres
pondents of the Associated Press at
11:45 o'clock to-night:
Returns are coming in very slowly,
twenty precincts only have been heard
from "including four in the city of Chey
enne They show heavy Republican gains
over 1896 for Mondell for Congress and
the State ticket Is running with Mondell,
excepting that Richards (R.), for Gov
ernor is running slightly behind his ticket
in this (Laramie) county, where there is
a slis'nt falling off. Indications are that
Mondial is elected by a large plurality
and that the entire State ticket is elected
by smaller Pluralities.^ ORgDELL
Chairman Republican State Committee.
The Democratic party will elect the en
tire State and Congressional tickets with
majorities ranging between 700 jmd 1800.
JOHN A. MART IN,
Chairman Democratic and Silver Repub
lican State Committee.
CONNECTICUT.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. B.— The
result of the election in this State to
day was a victory for the Republican
ticket. Complete returns from
sixty-five towns of 106 in the State
give Lounsbery (R.). 75,057; Morgan
(D.), 5.H.406.
The same towns in 1896 gave Cooke
(R.). 100.999; Sargent (D.), 51,396.
The majorities of candidates on the
State ticket will average fully 15,000.
The Republican candidates appear to
have suffered most from the general de
crease in the vote, but no particular
dissatisfaction can be said to be shown
by the general result. The only real
contest was in the Second District,
where Congressman Sperry, the Re
publican nominee, and James H. Webb
were the opposing candidates. Sperry's
majority will be about 3325.
Returns indicate that the Republi
cans will have a majority of at least
fifty in the General Assembly.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. 9.— Returns received
by the Ledger from all over the State
indicate a great Republican landslide.
The Populist counties east of the moun
tains have turned completely over. In
dications at thisrhour (1 a. m.) are that
F W Cushman and W. L. Jones (Rep.)
are elected to Congress by at least 2500
plurality, as against about 12.000 fu
sion plurality two years ago. The
Legislature "will be Republican and
elect a Republican Senator to succeed
Senator Wilson.
LOWER HOUSE
OF CONGRESS
IS IN DOUBT
Democrats Ma^e CoofideQt Claires
That They Will Be in
CoQtrol.
i
Chairman Babcocl^ of the Republican National
Comn)ittee Says It May Depend
Upon California.
5 Special Dlapetch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Nov. 9.
Indications at 1:30 o'clock are that
the Republicans have lost control of
the House. Chairman Babcock of the
Republican National Committee will
not concede this, however. He says the
result is very close, and returns from
the far "West are anxiously awaited. At
this hour nothing definite has been re
ceived from California.
"The returns from California may
change the situation," said Mr. Bab
cock.
"Is the result so close that the com
plexion of the next House hinges upon
California's vote?" he was asked.
"Yes; it is Just that close. We have
not heard much definite news from In
diana yet, either, and several other
Western States are to be heard from
before we will concede any thing."
At the Democratic Congressional
Committee, Chairman Kerr claims that
186 Democrats have been elected, a gain
of thirty-nine. The present Republi
can majority Is fifty. so that twenty-six
Democratic gains would give the Dem
ocrats control of the House. Chairman
Kerr claims the following Democratic
gains: Alabama 2, Illinois a, Indiana 1,
Kentucky 3, Massachusetts 2. Missouri
2, New Jersey 2, New York 7, North
Carolina 6, Pennsylvania 4, Virginia 2,
West Virginia 1.
He asserts that Democrats have been
elected to succeed Aldrich and Howard
of Alabama; Mills, White, Boutell and
Fuss of Illinois; Henry U. Johnson of
Indiana; Evans, Davidson and Pugh
uf Kentucky; Barrows of Massachu
setts; Joy and Pearce of Missouri; Pit
nev and McEwan of New Jt-rsey; Hur
ley Howe, Mitchell, Shannon, Quigg,
Lowe and Southwick of New York:
Barber and Mclntyre of Maryland;
Skinner, White, Fowler, Strowd, Mar-
Un and Linney of North Carolina;
Kirkpatrick, Brumm, Kulp and Stone
uf Pennsylvania; Walker and Yost ot
Virginia, and Dayton of West Virginia.
While no one at Republican head
quarters is willing to concede that the
Democrats will organize the House,
some conservative members of the com
mittee admit the indications are that
the Republicans will lose control, but
claim the fusionists will hold the bal
ance of power. Neither does Demo
cratic Chairman Kerr make a positive
declaration that the Democrats will
have control of the lower house.
"The chances are altogether that
way " said he, "but in order to be on
the safe side I will say it is certain that
the Republicans have lost it. We K>e
iieve we will have about twelve ma
jority over both Republicans and Pop
ulists." . ._.
At 12 o'clock to-night one of the
White House attaches wired President
McKinley at Tyrone, Pa:
"The indications are the Republicans
have lost control of the House. The
result is very close with the probabili
ties that the Populists may hold the
balance of power in that body."
The following recapitulation by
States shows the result of the Congres
sional elections as far as shown posi
tively. The star before some of the
names indicates that they are members
of the present House:
Alabama— First. George W. Taylor
I'D)- Second. "Jesse F. Stallings (D.V,
Third 'Henry D. Clayton (D.); Fourth,
Gaston A. Robins (D.); Fifth, 'Willis
Brewer (D.); Sixth, *John H. Bank
head (D.); Seventh, Oliver D. Street
(P.); Eighth, "Joseph Wheeler (D.);
Ninth, "Oscar W. Underwood (D.).
Arkansas— First, "Philip D. McCul
loch (D.); Second, "John S. Little (D.);
Third, "Thomas C. H. Rae (D.); Fourth,
•William L. Terry (D.); Fifth, Hugh
A. Dinsmore (D.); Sixth, "Stephen
Brundidge Jr. (D.).
Colorado— First. *John F. Shafroth
(S. R); Second. John C. Bell (P.).
Connecticut — First, "D. Stevens
Henry <R.); Second, "Nehemiah D.
Sperry (R.): Third, "Charles A. Rus
sell (R.); Fourth, "Ebenezer J. Hill
Florida— First, 'Stephen M. Spark
man (D.); Second, "Robert W. Da
vis (D.).
Georgia— First, "Rufus E. Lester
(D.); Second, "James M. Griggs (D.);
Third, Elijah B. Lewis (D.); Fourth,
•William C. Adamson (D.); Fifth,
•Leonidas F. Livingston (D.); Sixth.
•Charles L. Bartlett (D.); Seventh,
•John W. Mar'dox (D.); Eighth, "Wil
liam M. Howard (D.); Ninth, "Farish
C Tate (D.); Tenth, "William H. Flem
ing (D.); Eleventh, "William C. Brant
ley (D.).
Kentucky— First, *Charles K. Wheel
er (D.); Second, Henry D. Allen (D.);
Third, John S. Rhea (D.): Fourth,
•David H. Smith (D.); Fifth, Oscar
Miner (D.); Sixth, "Albert S. Berry
(D.); Seventh, *Evan E. Settle (D.);
Eighth, George G. Gilbert (D.); Ninth,
Mordecai Williams (D.); Tenth, "T. Y.
Fitzpatrick (D.); Eleventh, Vincent
Boreing (R.).
Louisiana— First, "Adolph Meyer
(D.); Second, "Robert C. Davey (D.);
Third, "Robert F. Bronssard (D.);
Fourth, Phanor Brezeals (D.); Fifth,
"Samuel T. Baird (D.); Sixth, "Samuel
M. Robertson (D.).
Maine, elected September 12 — First.
•Thomas B. Reed, X. ; Second, "Nelson
Dingley. R.; Third, "Edwin C. Burleigh,
R.- Fourth. "Charles A. Boutelle. R.
Maryland— First, John W. Smith. D.;
Second, "William B. Baker, R.; Third.
Frank C. Wachter. R.; Fourth. James
W. Denny, D. ; Fifth, "Sydney E. Hudd,
R. : Sixth, Genres A. P^arre, R.
Michigan — First, *John B. Corliss. R. ;
Second. Henry C. Smith. R.; Third,
Washington Gardner, R. ; Fourth. "Ed
ward La Rue Hamilton, R.; Fifth.
•William A. Smith. R.; Sixth. 'Samuel
W. Smith, R.: Seventh, Edgar A.
Weeks, R.; Eighth, Joseph W. Fordney,
R.; Ninth, "Roswell P. Bishop, R.;
Tenth, "Rousseau O. Crump, R.; Elev
enth, 'William S. Mesick, R.; Twelfth,
♦Carlos D. Shelden, R.
Montana— At large, Andrew J. Camp
bell, D.
Nevada— At large, 'Francis G. New
lands, F.
Ohio— First, * William B. Shattuc, R.;
Second, • Jacob H. Bronwell, R.; Third,
John L. Brenner, D. ; Fourth, Robert B.
Gordon, D.; Fifth, "David Meekison,
D.; Sixth, "Seth W. Brown, R.; Sev
enth, "Walter L. Weaver, R.; Eighth,
•Archibald Lybrand, R. ; Ninth, "James
H. Southard, R. ; Tenth, Stephen Mor
gan, R.; Eleventh, "Charles H. Gros
venor, R.; Twelfth. John J. i^entz, D.;
Thirteenth, "James A. Norton, D.;
Fourteenth, *Winfield S. Kerr, R.; Fif
teenth, "Henry C. Van Voorhis, R.;
Sixteenth, "Lorenzo Danford, R. ; Sev
enteenth, "John A. McDowell, D.;
Eighteenth, "Robert W. Tayler, R.;
Nineteenth, Charles F. Dick, R.; Twen
tieth, F. O. Phillips, R.; Twenty-first,
•Theodore E. Burton, R.
Oregon (elected in June)— First,
•Thomas H. Tongue, R.; Second, M. A.
Moody, R.
Rhode Island— First, 'Melville Bull,
R.; Second. *Adin B. Capron, R.
South Carolina— First, "William El
liott, D.; Second. *W. Jasper Talbert,
D.; Third, *Asbury C. Latimer, D.;
Fourth, "Stanyarne Wilson, D.; Fifth,
D. E. Fonloy, D.; Sixth, 'James Nor
ton, D.; Seventh, *John W. Stokes, D.
Texas— First, "Thomas H. Ball, D.;
Second, "Samuel B. Cooper, D. ; Third,
*R. C. de Graffenreid, D. ; Fourth, John
L. Shenpard, D.; Fifth, "Joseph W.
Bailey, D.; Sixth, "Robert E. Burke, D.;
Seventh. "Robert E. Henry, D.; Eighth,
rfamuel W. T. Lanham, D.; Ninth,
Wash Jones, Ind.; Tenth, "R. B. Haw
ley, R.; Eleventh, "Rudolph Kleberg,
D.; Twelfth, 'James L. Slayden, D.;
Thirteenth. "John H. Stephens, D.
Vermont (elected in September)—
First, *Henry H. Powers, R.; Second
"William W. Grout, R.
Illinois (incomplete) — First, *James
R. Mann (R.); Second, C. Porter John
son (D.); Third, George P. Foster (D.);
Fourth, Thomas Cusack (D.); Fifth'
•id T. Noonan (D.); Sixth, Emil
Hoechester (D.); Seventh. George E
Fess (11.); Eighth, *Albert J. Hopkins
(R.); Ninth, "Robert R. Hitt (R)-
Tenth, "George W. Prince (R.); Elev
enth, "Walter Reeves (R.); Thirteenth,
"Vespasian Warner (R.); Fourteenth,
•Joseph V. Graf (R.); Fifteenth, Jo
seph A. Roy (D.); Sixteenth, William
E. Williams (D.); Seventeenth, Ben F.
Caldwell (D.); Eighteenth, 'Thomas M.
Jett (D.); Nineteenth, Joseph B. Crow
ley (D).; Twentieth, James R. Williams
(D.); Twenty-first, Fred J. Kern (D.);
Twenty-second, "George W. Smith (R.).
Indiana (incomplete) — Second, *Rob
ert W. Miers (D.); Sixth, James E.
Watson (R.); Eighth, George W.
Cromer (R.); Twelfth, "James H. Rob
inson (D.).
lowa— First, Thomas Hedge (R.):
Second, Joseph R. Lane (R.); Third,
"David B. Henderson (R.); Fourth,
Gilbert N. Haugen (R.); Fifth, *Robert
G. Cousins (R.); Sixth, *John F. Lacey
(R.); Seventh, "John A. T. Hull (R.);
Eighth, "William P. Hepburn (R.);
Ninth, Smith McPherson (R.); Tenth,
"Jonathan P. Dolliver (R.); Eleventh,
Lot Thomas (R.).
Minnesota (incomplete) — First,
•James A. Tawney (R.); Second, "James
T. McCleary (R.); Fourth, "Frederick
C. Stivers (R.); Fifth, "Loren Fletcher.
Mississippi (incomplete)— First, "John
M. Allen (D.); Second, Thomas Spight
(D.); Tliird, "Thomas C. Catchings
(D.); Sixth, F. A. M^Lain (D.).
Missourn (incomplete)— Fourth Dis
trict, "Charles F. Cochran (D.); Fifth,
•William S. Cowherd (D.); Sixth.
"David A. de Armor.d (D.) ; Tenth,
♦Richard Bertholdt (R.).
Nebraska (incomplete) — First, Elmer
J. Burkett (R.); Second, "David H.
Mercer (R.); Fifth, Clarendon TV.
Adams (R.).
New Jersey, (incomplete) — First,
♦Henry C. Londenslager, R. ; Fifth,
Continued on Page Eleven.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ASTHMA
CURED
TO STAY CURED.
During the Last Six Weeks Over
700 Sufferers Have Tried DOC-
TOR ROUXEL'S Asthma Cure.
Over 600 Continued the Treat-
ment. That Speaks for Itself.
The doctor wants each sufferer from Asthma.
Hay Fever or Bronchitis in this city to call and
iyr.'t one. When asked regarding his reasons for
Kiving his remedy away in this manner he
said: "People are naturally skeptical ab"Ut an
asthma remedy, and when you consider the
number of so-called "cures' on the market you
can hardly blame them. Now I claim that my
Cure cures. It win Instantly relieve the most
violent attack. It has permanently cured thou-
sands who had been considered incurable. If
I did not believe it why should I be giving it
away? The sufferer who get:-* a sample can
tell whether it is as J retirement it, and it
doesn't cost him a cent. That is fair, isn't it?"
- not look as if anything I
be fairer. Those living in the city or vicinity
must call at office. Those living at a distance
can receive free sample by addressing DR.
ROUXEL. 323 Kearny st.^
Hours— U a. m. to 4p. m. and 7toBp. m.
i Sundaj-a— ll to 12.ADVERTISEMENTS. _____
NEVER HAS ANYTHING BEEN SO HIGHLY AND SO JUSTLY PRAISED AS
MARIANI WINE, the FAMOUS TONIC for BODY, NERVES *ind BRAIN,
Braces Body and Brain.
MARIANI WINE gives
power to the brain, strength and
elasticity to the muscles, and
richness to the blood. It is a
promoter of good health and
longevity.
To those who will kindly write to MARIANI A CO., 52 W«st l.'th st., New York, will be
sent free, book containing portraits with indorsements of Emperors, Empress. Princes, Car-
dinals. Archbishops and other Interesting matter.
Yin Marian! Makes the Weak Strong.
41 Boulevard Hauspmann; I»ndon-S3 Mortimer street: Montreal-28-30 Hospital street.
SO CLEW TO
THE SENDERS
OF DYNAMITE
Police Making an In
vestigation.
FIND NO MOTIVE FOR CRIME
GEORGE HALL, THE VICTIM,
POPULAR IN SOCIAL LIFE. '
9
As Consul General of Turkey in This
City He Has Become Identi
fied With Local Busi
ness and Clubs.
Chief Lees has Instituted an Investiga
tion to discover the sender of the mysteri
ous packages of explosivr-s which have
been mailed to George EH Hall, Consul
Geneva: of Turkey.
Mr. Hall lias received many of these
packages. At first he paid little atten
tion to them, but finally began to fear
that an infernal machine, -which would . x
. : ; being opened, might follow the
GEORGE HALL, TURKISH
CONSUL-GENERAL.
comparatively innocent packages, and ac
cordingly reported the matter to tne
As yet nothing has been discovered be- I
yond the fact that all were apparently
Bent by the same person, although mailed
from different pis
The postal inspectors have not taken
any action in the matter, as it has not
been formally reported to them. Inspec
tor Erwin saiii yesterday tbat he knew
nothing < if the matter beyond the story
outlined in The Call of yesterday mnrn
lng. The sending of explosives through
the mail is a grave criminal offense and
if the perpetrators are discovered they
■will be prosecuted by the United States
authorities.
No motive for the acts can be as-
Eigned. Mr. Hall is well known in social
and political circles and is a general fa
vorite.
CHINESE LAUNDRYMEN
ORGANIZE A TRUST
Control the Business in Greater New
York and Raise the Price of
Washing. .
NEW YORK, Nov. B.— A. trust of Chi- j
nese laundrynien is the latest. It is !
called the Dop Song Kong Sow, and it J
has its tentacles wrapped around more ;
than 1000 Chinese laur.drymen in Great
er New York. Gradually the movement
to amalgamate the Chinese laundry- j
men is spreading, and the organization
in this city is practically the home or
ganization of a combination that has
branches In every large city in the |
country.
On the books of the State of New i
York the Dop Song Kong Sow is called |
the Greater New York American Laun- j
dry Association. It was incorporated
in January, 1898. but not until within
the last month has any active work
been done by Us officers. Now there is
a great hustling at the headquarters, j
28, Mott street, and expert Chinese j
scriveners are busy every day. placing i
the names of new, members in a large j
book.
" Last month the price of -washing and j
ironing a shirt was -raised by every !
member of the trust to 10 cents, and j
fees for polishing collars and cuffs were, i
likewise increased.* ■ Strenuous efforts j
were made to increase the membership I
of the trust, and the Dop Song Kong .
Sow flourished exceedingly. Then the j
Hebrew Laundrymen's Association !
started a laundry war. but Lowe Sing, ;
president of the Dop Song Kong Sow, I
has arranged for a conference with the i
Hebrew Laundry Association for Tues- I
day night, and hopes to come ,to an
agreement.
■ m •
Rheumatism, kidney, liver diseases cared. Dr.
GordlD. Sanitarium. 614 Pine. nr. Kearny. S.F. Cai.
-*•-
Mustered Out Slowly. j
I.OS ANGELES, Nov. B.— lt Is asserted
by the officers of the Seventh Regiment |
that the musterinpr out process will con- I
Bume at least three weeks and that tne
regiment will be in camp at Agricultural
Park in this city for at least that length
of lime, beginning on November 12. Many
of the boys who <^ive resumed their
former occupations since their return j
MARIAN! WINE is in-
valuable for overworked men,
delicate women and sicklv
children. It soothe*, strength-
lens and sustains the sys-
j tern.
from San Francisco will lose their jobs
If they are compelled to be in camp that
length of time.
PORTALS OF TUNNEL
THIRTEEM CAVE IN
Blocking of Traffic Because of the
Fire Near Truckee Will Be Very
Serious.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. B.— Thero has been
a cave-In at both portals of tunnel 13,
near Trucßee. where the flr^ occurred Sun
day night. Owing to the smoke and heat
arising from the burning- timbers inside,
which at one time supported the tunnel,
it is impossible for any one to enter and
ascertain how great the damage has
been. At frequent intervals there have
been heard sounds as of the falling- of
heavy masses of earth and rock.
It is therefore feared that there
have been many serious cave-ins through
out the tunnel. If this is found to be the
case the blocking of traffic will be very
serious.
To-day the yards at Reno and Truckee
; have been filling up with loaded and
| empty cars. A number of carloads of
; Government mules, the cars marked
i "Hurry Up," are sidetracked at Reno.
: These mules are intended for shipment
on the next expedition to Manila, but are
: likely to eat their heads off at the expense
j of the Southern Pacific before embarking
on th< ir voyage to the tropic seas.
A trail has been built over the mountain
; through which tunnel 13 runs, and passen
j gvrs are transferred over this trail on
To-day's morning and evening west
j bound trains have been combined, and
passengers will reach San Francisco at
an early hour to-morrow morning.
Railroad officials say that it may lie
possible that the lire, which is still smol
i dering in the tunnel, will have so far died
: down as to admit of an exploration by
i to-morrow afternoon. Until then it will
be impossible to pay when traffic will
be resumed. The damage may be so great.
as to require a week or two to repair it,
while again it may be of such a nature
that it can be repaired in a few days.
The tunnel is 900 feet long.
HEAVY SNOWSTORMS
THROUGHOUT ALASKA
Four Hundred Persons Stalled by the
"Beautiful" at Lake Linde
man.
PORT TOWNSJJND, Nov. B.— The |
City of Topeka arrived last night from :
Alaska, bringing 124 passengers. She !
reports that heavy snowstorms have ;
visited various sections of Alaska, and t
nearly all mining operations have been j
suspended, except quartz mills located
near tidewater. On November 2 four
feet of snow fell on Chilcoot and White
passes, which completely put a stop
to travel.
Telephone messages from Lake Lin
deman to Skaguay announce that about
400 persons are snowbound there.
Another rich strike is reported from :
the head of the Salmon River, below
Quiet Lake.
According to John Olds, a pioneer I
mining and business man of |
SOOO claims have been tiled and re
corded in the Atlin mining district and
about 1000 men will winter there. He
predicts that Atlin will have a popula
tion of at least 15,000 and that the out
put of gold will nearly if not quite
equal that of Dawson.
It is stated that an English syndicate
has bought up about 4200 acres of
placer ground in the Atlin district.
HUNTINGTON ANXIOUS
ABOUT A_SETTLEMENT|
Must Pay the Central Pacific In- j
debtedness Within Six Months
or Be Foreclosed.
WASHINGTON, Nov. B.— <\ P. Ttunting
ton was in Washington Monday and called
on President McKlnley. He said he was
on his way from N<=w York to Newport
News, where he had been inspecting his
shipyard, and merely rolled at the White
House to pay his respects. Mr. Hunting
ton is Quite anxious about the outcome of
tiie Central Pacific debt settlement, which
is now in the hands of the commission,
consisting' of the Secretary of the Treas
ury, Secretary of the Interior and the !
Attorney General. Under the terms of the i
act of Congress, some kind of settlement
must be made within one year from the j
date of the passage of the act or the debt
must be foreclosed. This amendment was ]
adopted by Congress at Congressman
Barnam's suggestion. Six months of that
time has already passed, but still no set
tlement has been arrived at. A treasury
official intimated to The Call correspond
ent that none was likely to be reached
soon.
Assistant Secretary Vrmderllp Is, how
ever, busy with his figures, and hopes
within a short time to be able to present
his data to the commission.
BABE STRANGLED BY
ITS INHUMAN MOTHER
Evidence of a Horrible Crime Cast
Upon : the Beach at Crescent
%£i: City.
CRESCENT CITY, Nov. The atten
tion of employes on the wharf was di
rected last evening to an object on the
beach near by, where sea gulls were hov
ering. They found that the scavenger
birds had commenced to mutilate the
nude remains of a male infant that had
washed upon the sand during the night
or early morning. Coroner El well was
notified and the body was taken to the
Morgue.
A post mortem examination disclosed
the fact that the child had met its death
by strangulation prior to its being placed
In the -water. It was a remarkably large
infant, and, though disfigured to some ex
tent by the birds, its light blue eyes and
well turned features made it especially
beautiful. "
An inquest failed to elicit any informa
tion as to the identity of the mother who"
thus disposed of her offspring. The only
clew to the mystery ,-4 f indeed it may be
regarded :as a clew, is the strip of thin
curtain with which the innocent little
creature was choked to death, which was
found still intact around its neck - where
the villainous hands had placed it.
Killed in the Bing.
LONDON. Nov. B.— At the National
Sporting Club last evening Nat Smith
knocked out Tom Turner with a blow
over the hoart in the thirteenth round of
a boxing match. Turner remained uncon
scious and died this afternoon. Smith
and his seconds have been arrested.
Buy wallpaper & window shades at Clark's,
603 Market. Country order" solicited. •
MAY PURCHASE
ADAMS POINT
WITHOUT BONDS
Growth in Value of
City Hall Lot.
ORIGINALLY SOLD FJR $17,500
E. C. SESSIONS SPJEAKL OF AN
EARLY DAY DEAX.
Movement to Have the Lot Sold and
a Park and New Hall Pro
cured With the
Proceeds.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 8.
The sale of the City Hall site is now
the most prominent subject before the
people of this city. Since the defeat of
the park bond proposition Mayor Thomas
has made the ptat^ment publicly that by
selling- the City Hall block Adams Point
pould be purchased, and that there would
be enough left to build a magmificent City
Hall.
Mayor Thomas states that he has
a guarantee that $600,000 can be obtained
for the block. Of this sum $290,000 would
be paid for Adams Point, leaving $210,000
for a new City Hall and site.
On May 30, IS6S. Elijah Biglow and E. C.
Sessions sold to the city of Oakland the
lot on which the City Hall now stands.
The price paid was 517.500, and at that
time Mr. Sessions and Mr. Biglow were
I said to have asked a very generoui pric«.
i Speaking of the matter to-day Mr. Ses
! sions said:
"I think it would be a good plan to sell
the City Hall site, for the land is alto
gether too valuable for the purpose to
which it is now put. There is no need
I to have a free library, fire engine house
and a prison on ground that is worth'
nearly SISCM) a foot frontage. Thirty years
ago, when 1 sold that block of land to
j the city, there were many who said that
it would never be more valuable than it
j was then, and thought we were asking a
] fabulous price for it. Now the Mayor as-
I sures me that he has a genuine offer of
(600,000 for the lot that we sold for $17,500.
The City Hall could, with advantage, be
moved sever;:! blocks from where it now
is. and at the same time Oakland could
j acquire the Adams Point property with-
I out any bonding proposition."
Many of the most prominept people
! have expressed their views in regard to
j the sale of the City Hall site, and the
I great majority are in favor of carrying
i out the plan suggested by the Mayor.
HELD UP BY FOOTPADS.
John W. Winkler Assailed on His
Way Home and Relieved of $64.
OAKLAND, Nov. S.— John W. Winkler,
a carpenter, while on his way home at
about 6:30 o'clock to-night was held up by
two footpads on East Sixteenth street,
near Fruitvule avenue. He was relieved
of $64.
According to his story, rs told to the
police, the footpads were the conventional
tall and short man. The former wore a
dark suit, while the short man was
dressed in gray. Both wore masks.
As Winkler was leisurely strolling along
the tall man accosted him, ordering him
to throw up his hands at the point of a
revolver. Winkler promptly obeyed the
order, and, after the short man had re
lieved him of his $i".4. be took to his heels.
He says he was to badly frightened he
would be unable to Identify his assail
ants. However, they left no clew.
A Victim of the Moliegan.
OAKLAND, Nov. B.— A dispatch has
been received by Judge Nye of this city
from Leonard A. Crane, a son of Mrs. S.
C. Crane, whose life was lost October 14
in the shipwreck of the Mohegan off the
southwest coast of England. He had just
started (November 7> from New York for
California with the remains of his mother,
to be laid beside her husband, the late A.
C. Crane, in the cemetery at Santa <'rvz.
Notice of the funeral will be announced
when the date of Mr. Crane's arrival shall
be ascertained.
Insufficient School Funds.
OAKLAND, Nov. B.— School Superin
tendent McClymonds in his report to the
.Hoard of Education last nipht showed
that unless assistance comes from the
new tax levy it is probable that the High
School will have to close a month earlier
than usual, in order to avoid a deficit in
the funds. At the present rate of rela
tive income and expenditure, there will
be a deficit of $4211 13 at jhe end of the
school year.
Burglars Running Riot.
OAKLAND, Nov. B.— Three more bur
glaries have been reported to the police.
The houses entered were those of Dr. J.
P. Sarefleld. 110.". Filbert street; Mrs. S. M.
Bradbury, almost opposite the latter, and
that of Judge J. K. Bolt, corner of Filbert
and Twelfth streets. Considerable jewelry
and food was taken.
Lost His Fingers in One Clip.
OAKLAND. Nov. B.— Alexander Cumber,
a farmer at Pinoie, lost the fingers of his
right hand yesterday while running a hay
ADVERTISEMENTS. _„ ;__:___.:__.
MKS. PINKHAM TALKS TO THE FUTURE WOMAN.
Will the New Generation of Women be More
* (^Z^^i Beautiful or Less So? Miss Jessie
"ixt j^y' 3 (» / A pleasing face and graceful
-sssQb* J^\ \t)f figure ! These are equipments that
• //^^\ fcj, •n^ L I widen the sphere of woman's useful-
Jy/ / \ M^^-Z) / / ness - How. can a woman have grace
>P*^\ A \ vj^^vJV *\ oi movement when she is suffering
• /' $feMM£\, Ifl /t^ / from some disorder that gives her those
i—offi MPjL££aJf^^Ls awful bearing-down sensations? How
I fc&afl jfAjr can she retain her beautiful face when
1 Bfcfclißy she is nervous and racked with pain ?
V* ;^v^%£<^^r Youngnvomen, think of your future and provide
\ N^tj^ylf against ill health. Mothers, think of your growing
/glpkw^ daughter, and prevent in her as well as in yourself
ifPlj|PlbC* ylsm irregularity or suspension of nature's duties.
Mm uwk' VbL Jf puzzled, don't trust your own judgment. Mrs.
JllilillilfllF Ml Pinkham will charge you nothing for her advice; write
yif-l B, Ht? to her at Lynn, Mass., and she will tell you how to
t* r I make yourself healthy and strong.
-^^|r? '-M^P^ Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound strength-
' jR ens the female organs and regulates the menses as
gglH ; I nothing else will. Following is a letter from Miss
V H Jessie 1712West Jefferson St., Sandusky, Ohio.
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — I feel it my duty to let you
C know of the great benefit your remedies have been to
ffifflrrß v r wHRjEH me ' I suffered for over a year with inflammation of
§|^eB ERSB S the ovaries. 1 had doctored, but no medicine did me
W^xsMssi&M& isisMp& any good. Was at a sanatarium for two weeks. The
'^^^^^^W^^^ 1 - doctor thought an operation necessary, but I made up
iHI Psi. Ap^i? ffilllii'^ my mind to give your medicine a trial before submit-
i^ ii?-"' ' tin to that. I was also troubled with
■ -_'"-/ - --^fl^^>> leucorrhcea, painful menstruation, diz-
JS&igamfflmßJHßß^Sfc^ ziness, nervousness, and was so
HKm^^^^fflt^BßwHl^^MW weak that I was unable
ftflH : ,z^r%i ':' ■l^^ mm^ m^^ to stand or walk. I have
AsSpJsJ3jt- "■" „ ' *'^!^P5f? taken in all several bot-
: ■'/ '■' - .' ■ .^,v . -r'-ylM^^^Bpß^ ties of Lydia E. Pinkha n's
'J^pß^^^C^^^^^lßa^ Vegetable Compound ;ind
Blood Purifier, and am
now in good health. I will always give your medicine the highest praise."
Ask Mrs. Ptnktiam's Advice- A Woman best Understands a Woman's Ills
■ '.- ". . ■ - ■ - . - -■■ ■ ._ ■ .-:".-"- -V. -, ■ - --■-■-■.-. . . ■ ..- . ._■--■.-.■-•. " ■ -_'"_J - - . ' " .'■
mower. His hand was caught between
the knives of the mower, and he is t'mnk
ing his lucky stars that he did not lose the
whole hand. The unfortunate man could
not secure medical or surgical attention
until this morning, when Drs. San born,
Howe and Porter dressed his wounds.
' To Prevent Diphtheria Epidemic.
OAKLAND, Nov. S. — Health Officer
Dunn is taking, all necessary precautions
to prevent a threatening diphtheria epi
demic. In this he was prompted by the
death of a child last night and another
this morning from malignant diphtheria.
In these two cases the premises of both
families have been thoroughly fumigated.
There is still another case of the disease
in this city. - ■■-. ■-' - l\ :
'. ■:'; 1 ♦ « : -7— — ;
BACHELORS BOYCOTTED.
Marriageable Misses of the Encinal
Ostracise the Members of an
Anti-Nuptial Club.
ALAMEDA. Nov. B.— The marriageable
misses of Alameda have boycotted the
members of the Bachelors' Club. This
organization was formed recently and
those connected with it entered into a
contract not to become benedicks for at
least twelve months, nor to encourage any
matrlmonial measures. There is hardly
a dozen members, and if the Intentions of
the young ladies are carried out to the
letter the bachelors will be forced to form
a set entirely their own, for the pro
gramme is to ostracise them.
The first sign of hostilities was mani
fested when the Encinal Recreation
Club, of which the bachelors are mem
bers, announced a promenade. The young
ladiefl of this city presented their ulti
matum at once. The word went forth
that unless the anti-marrying dozen were
put in a room by themselves apart from
the promenaders who have matrimonial
inclinations. the marriageble misses
would not attend the .function.
The directors agreed to put the bachel
ors in the handball court, where they will
be exhibited as curios and subjected to
the taunts and jeers of the ladies during
the progress of the concert. They will,
no doubt, be severely punished.
In addition to their other miseries the
secretary of the Bachelors' Club has re
ceived a letter signed by the young ladies
of AJameda, in which the writers pray
thnt members of the proscribed organiza
tion change their compact so that their
state of bachelorhood will be extended
from a year to life. "There are others,"
write the girls. The officers of the Bach
elors 1 Club are Dr. W. R. Hughes, presi
dent: Clyde Conkey, secretary, and 11. L.
Zimmerman, treasurer.
Charitable Little Folks.
ALAMEDA. Nov. B.— An entertainment,
arranged and managed by the little folks
of the Alameda School Department, will
be given next Friday evening at Armory
Hall. The purpose is to raise funds to
give a Thanksgiving dinner to the poor
children of this city. The programme will
include the following: Piano solo, Nick
Reinecker; recitation, Ethel Seidenberg;
song and dance, Emma Meserole: vocal
solo, Verna Force: recitation, "Willie Mc-
Stay; violin solo, Ed Kruckeberg; recita
tion, Thomas Stackpole; song and dance,
Gertrude Pastel; recitation. Minnie Seid
enberg. Two farces, "Lord Dundreary's
Visit to Elwood Grange" and "Aunt Susan
Jones," will conclude the entertainment.
Death of a Veteran.
ALAMEDA. Nov. B.— Everett J. Ames,
commander of Joe Hooker Post, G. A. R.,
died last night at the home of Philip
Kiernan, 464 Central avenue. His illness
was very brief. lie was a native of New
Hampshire, 5o years of age.
An Alameda Fire.
ALAMEDA, Nov. B.— A defective flue
caused a fire this evening in the residence
<>f Mrs. A. B. Liebenstein, 1425 Morton
street. Considerable damage was done by
water and smoke.
Alameda News Notes.
AT.aMEDA, Nov. s.— The Endnal Rec
reatlon Club ha.s made the following
nominations for directors, nine- to be
elected from the number: Samuel Center,
\V. 1). Littleton, Dr. H. M. Pond, Joseph
Mast en, J. H. Walker, W. B. Ryder, A.
G. Burns, George Dinsmore, Dr. W. R.
Hughes, W. W. Ooggln, A. C. Bates, G.
N. Tyler, A. P. St. Cure. J. G. Stubbs, J.
M. Brewer and Dr. T. B. Key.
FRENCH ARE READY
FOR ANY OVERT ACT
Plot to Start a Biot in Case the Court
of Cassation Inquiry Is Favor
able to Dreyfus.
LONDON. Nov. B.— The Daily Chron
icle this morning says: We have re
ceived information from a reliable
quarter of a well organized plot in
Paris, in event of the inquiry before the
Court of Cassation proving favorable to
Dreyfus, to foment a riotous outburst
in the French capital, to attempt to
overthrow the civil power and to assas
sinate the leading champions of Drey
fus.
These reports are confirmed by inter
vlewa with M. Trarieux, former Minis
ter of Justice, and M. de Pressonso, for
eign editor of the Temps, as well as
others. The police have warned
those friends of Dreyfus to change their
residence temporarily, or at least to
carry revolvers.
CHANGING PERSONNEL
OF DEWEY'S SQUADRON
Several Officers Detached Ordered
Home on Waiting
Orders.
WASHINGTON, Nov. B.— Monday's
naval orders Include a number of
changes in the personnel of the Asiatic
squadron. Lieutenant C. P. Rees and
Iik j u tenant C. G. Calkins have been de
tached from the Olympia, Admiral
Dewey's flagship, and ordered home on
waiting orders. Lieutenant C. G.
Rodgers has been detached from the
Resolute, on the North Atlantic station,
and ordered to the Zaflro, on the
Asiatic station, relieving Lieutenant
W. McLean, who is ordered home on
waiting orders. Lieutenant C. E. Vree
land has been detached from the
Dolphin, on the North Atlantic station,
and ordered to the flagship Olympia.
Lieutenant J. H. Bull, now on the Sara
toga, has been ordered to the Asiatic
station for assignment to duty. Lieu
tenant D. H. Mahan of the navy has
been ordered to this city for examina
tion.
Sentenced to Death.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. B.— Claud Bran
ton, convicted oi the murder of John
Linn, was this morning sentenced to be
hanged on Friday, December 21.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
is it ' Ttrifle?^
THAT COMMON TROUBLE. ACID DYS-
PEPSIA, OR SOUR STOMACH.
Now Recognized as a Cause of Serious
Disease.
Acid dyspepsia, commonly called
heartburn or sour stomach, is a form of
indigestion resulting from fermenta-
tion of the food. The stomach beine too
weak too promptly digest it. the food
remains until fermentation begins, fill-
ing the stomach with gas and a bitter,
sour, burning taste in the mouth is of-
ten present. This condition soon be-
comes chronic, and being an every day
occurrence is given but little attention.
Because dyspepsia is not tmmediatelv
fatal, many people do nothing for the
trouble.
Within a recent period a remedy has
been discovered prepared solely to cure
dyspepsia and stomach troubles. It is
known as Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets,
and is now becomine rapidly used and
prescribed as a radical cure for everv
form of dyspepsia.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets have been
placed before the and are sold by
druggists everywhere at 50 cents per
package. It is prepared by the Stuart
Chemical Co., Marshall, Mich., and
while it promptly and effectually re-
stores a vigorous digestion, at the same
time is perfectly harmless and will not
injure the most delicate stomach, but
on the contrary bv giving perfect diges-
tion strengthens the stomach, improves
the appetite and makes life worth liv-
ing.
Send for free book on Stomach Dis-
eases.
Tooth Brushes
Our No. 6241, guaranteed, 25c each.
Brush exchanged or money re-
funded If bristles come out.
Hair Combs
We are showing a full and com-
plete line of Hair <"ombs In Horn,
Rubber and Celluloid at the inftnl-
tesimally small figure of 25c each.
WILL & FTNCK CO.,
818-820 MARKET ST.
Mall orders promptly filled.
Election Warrants Bought
J. BOAS, 330 Montgomery St.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAHNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— REJ.
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms 50c to $1 fO day,
$6 to $8 week, |8 to $30 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room: fire grates la «v«ry
room; elevator runa all night. »'• — 9! "5
Mil. X. HESS,
_KOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOHNKY-AT LAW, _
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus — kels Bids?
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 811 Calif oral* at., below Powell.
Bun Franclaco. , . ■
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
GOTTLOB, MARX & CO., Lessees and Managers.
THE TOWN'S TURNED THIS WAY.
PRICES: 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Famous Original Irish Comedians,
MURRAY AND MACK
In Their Brand New Comedy,
FINNIGAN'S BALL.
NOTHING BUT FUN.
, SUNDAY NIGHT— Time Here.
The Romantic Military Play,
NORTHERN LIGHTS
SEATS NOW READY.
BALDWIN THEATER.
GOTTLOB, MARX & CO., Lessees and Managers.
"EXCEPTIONALLY HUMOROUS." — Chron-
icle.
Mr. Jacob Lltt Presents Grant Stewart's
*-* Mistakes
Will Happen.
TO SEE IT IS TO LAUGH.
A Great Company, Headed by •
CHARLES DICKSON and HENRIETTA
CROSMAN. . .
Coming— "SECRET SERVICE." " ■'-, \ '
COLUMBIA THEATER.
GOTTLOB, MARX & CO., Lessees and Managers.
■ • f-: -:-r. \ ■>'
A BEWILDERING PROGRAMME.
TWO WEEKS— SATURDAY MATINEE. '
First Appearance Here, '.
KELLAR
... ■ - . ■■■-■„■
THE GREAT MAGICIAN.
Assisted by MRS. KELLAR.
A SERIES OF MARVELOUS ILLUSIONS
AND DECEPTIONS IN PURE MAGIC.
Coming— "AT GAY CONEY ISLAND."
CONCEBTS AND BESOBTl?.
COLUMBIA THEATER— Extra.
THURSDAY AFTERNOON, NOV. 10, AT 3
O'CLOCK, LECTURE BY
WILLIAM ARMSTRONG
ON AMERICAN COMPOSERS.
Assisted by
Fritz Sclieel and His Symphony Orchestra.
Popular Prices 50c, 75c and $1
Seats Now on Sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s
and at the Theater.
ORPHEUM— EXTRA.
San Francisco Symphony Society.
FRITZ SCHEEIi, Musical Director.
SEASON IS9S-99.
The allotment of seats to subscribers will
commence on Thursday, November 10.
at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s music store.
Subscriptions will be received up to the date
of the ttrst concert, November 17.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 A. M. to 6 P. M. During
the Winter Season.
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN S3
Bathing, with admission, 25c; children, too.
"the linen store," "thanksgiving's near."
perhaps you'd like some store news.
Suppose we look into the big receiving
room — a busy place, where the fresh
factory bought goods are first handled.
To-day there's a new lot of blankets, a
big pile of Canton flannels, red table
damask and table covers — a shipment
of gloves, ribbons, some quaint new no-
tions, a lot of curtains and dress lining,
all being checked off. To-morrow the
panorama changes — ever new, ever
changing — always better goods.
the new * en bales tumbled
COmfOrterS ;n; n yesterday ready
to-day, silkolme
covered, pure white cotton fl> A
filled ; full size; to go at q> 1
(a big lot to pick from.) each
commonsense enough for
cotton batting f, v 7 body -, k W !
° think ; each bat j
weighs a half pound; aisle Af%
3, domestic department. jb\j each
gOOd thoroughly good. In the
chantc material, the making, the
blioetb wear and the finish they
are good— good wearers and A^)r%
washers, 81x90 inches, 2- TT^IV/
inch hem each
tOWel '*' s t° we ' news, isn't it,
•nawTc when a good, honest, all
news  i io A
pure linen towel, lox Q|->
36 inches, is selling at ... ... t/v
spare room not to ° g ood for
towels ordinary use, how-
/ ever ; heavy, pure
linen, knotted fringe, colored i T -
border, 21x41 inches .. ... lOC
each
mid-autumn opening
• • • 1i 1 « a •
millinery
thursday, friday and Saturday
coin f\f our New York buyer has
00.LX3 \jl sent us 250 fans, an im-
•Pane porter's sample line, one of
icUlb each kind, different pat-
terns in ostrich feathers, silk gauze,
satin and bolting cloth, beautifully
hand-painted and spangled. a few of
hand-spun lace, all mounted on carved
Ivory, wood . or composite QQ/>
frames OOC- j
937939-941-943-945-947 Market St.
. AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY, WEDNESDAY. NOV. 9.
Parquet, any seat. 25c. Balcony, ■ 10c. Chil-
dren, 10c, any part. '
PAULINE HALL, Queen of Comic Opera, In
Popular . Selections.
BEATRICE MORELAND AND CHARLES
M. SHAY, In "A Game of Golf."
CARL HERTZ AND MLLE. D' ALTON, New
Illusion, "Aerolithe."
JOHN C. RICE AND SALLY COHEN, a New
Act, "The Kleptomaniacs."
RAYMON MOORE.
NEWSBOYS' QUINTET. I
PEARL ANDREWS.
BELLS A*D YOUNG.
THE BIOGRAPH. New Views.
_ . — j
ALCAZARJHEATER.
SEATS - - - 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
HAVE TO-NIGHT
HAD Funniest Comedy in Town.
YOUR DR.
laugh J~y;
™s BILL.
I EAn r WILL MAKE YOD LAUSa
Next Week— A FOOL OF FORTUNE.
HORQSCO'S GRANDS
V ai.tkk Mobosco, Sole Lessee and Manager .
. WEEK OF NOVEMBER 7. 1833. ,
GRAND PRODUCTION
Of the Great French Melodrama.
Strangles of Paris
A Panorama of the World's Gay Metropolis.
Exciting plot. Strong cast. - Great scenes.
- Seats on Sale at the Box Office
And Main Floor of the Emporium.
POPULAR PRICES "^Telephone Green 861. j
, Reserved Seats ... 25 and Oc
Family Circle and Gallery ;.. 10c
MATINEES Saturday and Sunday
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. : Ernestines Kreling, Proprietor and Mgr.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK WITH SATUR-
» DAY : MATINEE. .
.GREAT DOUBLE BILL.
G!RO F L E MONDAY,
U 1 I\\J rL C WEDNESDAY,
'■'r* iiinr 1 a FRIDAY. V
Cj IKUI* L A « SUNDAY EVENINGS.
TUESDAY. CIRCUS
THURSDAY, V* 1 KV* U 3
SATURDAY ; EVENINGS. A| |PrV[
SATURDAY MATINEE, j ;_'■•' V.M £- *— 1 '
Next— "SUZETTE." First time here.
— —
Popular Price* ■'? 1.:..260 and 500 j
A Reserved Seat for the. Matinee, 25c i j
take luncheon with as
In the bazaar— not very much, but
dainty. 'Tls free, too. Yes, It's an
"ad " One of the most prominent manu-
facturers of food articles is making !
demonstrations, giving culinary hints and-
incidentally serving a dainty luncheon.
You are all invited. In the household de-
partment downstairs. ; • ; - . .
among our advertising man no-
the *' cec ' among the new
nlnatc arrivals a neat and
CiOaKS j aunty electric sea co
larette with muff loon trimming, pur-
ple satin lined, good for fl> A f\
chilly evenings, very nobby \P A\J
' each
36 wool suits in various sizes, left
from last week's sale. If your size
is here you may have the suit for $5.
black rhadamesilk lined
kerseV throughout, including
innkptc sleeves - f| y front . perfect
Jd.UH.tJL2> fjt . we consider this gar-
ment an exceptional tf> fT Kf\
value; sizes 32 to tj)U«OU
40 each
the latest arrival in the cloak depart-
ment is an exclusive novelty in a?
ladies' black satin dress skirt, Spanish
flounce, trimmed with jet and pleate
ribbon, best percaline lined, $12 eC L
h
cq]a ryf sf> dozer i (that's a pair each
O<xiC7 yjx for the first six hundred
ryInVPC ladies; two-clasp embroid-
&IUTCO& 1UTCO ered back lambskin gloves;
we won't say these are as good as our
usual dollar glove, but we can sav
they're as good, as many houses ask
a dollar for- when we say "good
goods" and sell them, you can't *7PZ.r>
go wrong in trying these luC
palp
AMTJSEICENTS.
COMEDYJTHEATER.
TO- NIGHT ! 1 y
Only Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Lincoln J. Carter's Great Spectacular Pro-
duction of
THE HEART
OF CHICAGO
SEE THE MARVELOD3 APPROACHING TKAIH.
Introducing a Splendid Line of
HIGH-CLASS SPECIALTIES.
Prices— Evening, 15c, 25c. 35c and 50c; Mat-
inee. 2oc. to all parts. Gallery. 15c. Seats-
Comedy Theater and Emporium. °«=aia—
Next— "UNDER THE DOME."
jOLYMPIA,c<£ a iS3- y .
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
ONLY FREE EAST-
THE NEW YORK FAVORITES
MULVEY and INMAN,
In Their Great Specialties.
DIRECT FROM NEW YORK AND A GREAT
SENSATION. A1
The Four Florences!
Return of the Favorites,
KELLY AND VIOLETTE,
Very Latest Coon Songs.
AND A WONDERFUL SHOW
Of Ten Great Acts.
MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION FREE.
CHUTES JND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
NEW BILL IN THE FREE THEATER.
EMILY SCHEIDLE, Queen of Equipoise;
| DI'RNO, the Prince of Prestldlsitateurs;
MARIE KELLAR, Operatic Soprano; ED
O'CONNOR, "the "Irish Lad"; ARTURO SALr-
VINI, Lyric Tenor, and NEW MOVING PIC-
TURES!
| EVERY THURSDAY— AMATEUR NiGDT
THE ONLY POLAR BEAR
IN AMERICA NOW ON EXHIBITION.
10c, including Zoo and Theater; Children. So;
RACING! RACINGI RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting IS9B-99, beginning SATURDAY.
October 28, to November 12, inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Than-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or Shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAT.
Races Start at 2:15 p. m.. Sharp.
Ferryboats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
i 12:30. 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
I with trains stopping at the entrance to the
Track. Buy your ferry ticket* to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the Track at 4:IS
I and 4:4f> p. m. and Immediately after last race. L-
THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
1 R. B. MILROY. Secretary.INVENTION TO
REVOLUTIONIZE
NAVAL WARFARE
Nikola Tesia's Latest
Discovery.
NEW USE FOR ELECTRICITY
fORPEDO BOATS TO OPERATE
WITHOUT CREWS.
Propelled by Electric Impulses Sent
Through, the Atmosphere From
a Station Miles
Away.
Special Dfspatcb to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. S.— Nikola Tesla.
tbe electrical expert, in a newspaper
Interview describes an application of
•ricity whereby, without the inter
f - tion of any artful medium of com
n Qnlcatlon, one man may control and
direct, with absolute exactitude, the
ments of any type of vessel, bal
loon or land vehicle at any distance
may be desired. From a a
on shore, or frmn the deck of a vessel
r way. a torpedo boat equipped with
Mr. Tesia's controlling device may be
propelled either on or below the sur-
face, maneuvered at will In any direc
tion; and finally brought into contact
and exploded against the side of a hos
tile vessel at any point within the
range of the vision of the operator.
than this, assuming that it were
.possible to accurately locate the posi
tion of the vessel which it is desired to
y. the torpedo boat could be di
rected to it, even if the ship lay in the
harbor of Southampton and the opera
tor was stationed at Sandy Hook.
Mr. Tesla says that some months
elapsed since he fully dev
his device, for which he has applied for
a patent. When it was learned thai Ad
miral Cervera was bottled up at Santi
:t was his intention to apply his
anism to several launches and
similar craft loaded with high explo
and to annihilate the fleet at an
chor. Admiral Cervera, however, came
out and met his fate under the guns of
.uerican fleet befort ssary
arrangements could be made. Then Mr.
T>-p!a planned a raid on the Spanish
Vessels in Havana harbor, only t i be
thwartvl by the proclamation of the
nsion of hostilities. Says Mr.
1
"Hithen-' the only means of control
ling the movements of a vessel from a
nee have been supplied through
the medium of a flexible conductor.
Buch as an electric cable, but this Bys
t':~i is subject t" obvious limitations,
such as are Imposed by the length,
ht and strength of the conductor
which can be practically us"d; by the.
difficulty of maintaining with safety
the high speed of the vessel or chang
he direction <>f her movements
■jvith rapidity: th" necessity of effect
from a point which is
ticaliy fixed. and from many other
Lacks which are inseparably con-
nected -with such a system.
"The rTrt'n whfch I have perfected in
volves none of these objections, tori
am enabled by the use of my invention !
tn employ any means of prppulsl
impart to the moving body or v<
the highest possible speed, to <■■
peration of its machinery and to i
direct its movements from either a
fixed point ex from a body moving and
'■hanging its direction, however rapid- '
I\ . and to maintain this control over*
distances without any artificial
connections between the vessel and the
apparatus governing its movements.
and without such restrictions as these
must necessarily Impose.
"In a broad Bense, then, my invention
differs from all of those systems which
r the control of the mechan
ism carried by a moving object and
governing 1 its motion in that 1 require
no intermediate, wires, cables or other
form of electrical or mechanical conaec
w Ith the object save the natural
media in space-. I accomplish, never
theless, similar results and in a much
more practical manner by producing
waves, impulses or radiations which are
received through the t j ;irth, water or
atmosphere by suitable apparatus on
t!i" moving body and which cause the
• d actions, so long as the body re
s within the active region or ef
fective range of such currents, waves,
impulses or radiations.
"Having ■ x; -.Jain* -d to you some of the
FOSTUM CEREAL.
FORMER COLLEGE GIRL
Tells "Tales Out of School."
"When I first went to the College, at
Line, in, X»-b.. the maid ?ave mo a cup
(Tee, the taste of which disgusted
me and I spnt it back with th<» request
to gel some better made. The Rirl told
me that they served mostly Postum
Food Coffee, so when I got that prop-
erly made, it proved to bo a delicious
drink and one that 1 have used ever
since. I find that many people make
■thHr common coffee In very slipshod
%-
MRS. H. M. FLOYD,
Colby, Kansas.
banner and even more, i believe, serve
Postura in such • way that it is taste-
less and unpalatable. Every one who
has at any time had a genuine cup of
■well Postum, likes it, and you
may depend upon it that any one who
pays they do not llko Po^tum, has never
r'-ruly had a good cup of it. The whole
Koerot is in the boiling. It. must be
boiled long enough to bring out the-
-flavor.
: ' ■" "I suffered terribly with dull head-
t ache.-, before I took to drinking Pos-
■ tum instead of coffee, but these have
Ml'twen gone for two years or more. I
could give you quite a list of friends
-•.ho are regular users of Postum Food
Coffee and you may depend upon it
they have been greatly benefited by
the change."
j possibilities of the device, I will now
j give you a practical example of the
workings of the model before going into
a detailed description of how 1 am able
to produce these results."
Elevated on slicks on a table in the.
j center of the laboratory stood a model
I of a screw-propelled craft, about four
j feet long and somewhat disproportion
ately wide and deep. Mr. Tesla ex
plained that it was merely a working
model which he had made in order to
exhibit it to President McKinley, and
that no attempt had been made to fol
low the usual sharp lines of a torpedo
boat. The deck was slightly arched
and surmounted by three slender
standards, the center one being con
siderably higher than the other two,
which carried small incandescent bulbs,
a third bulb being fixed at the bow.
The keel consisted of a massive cop
pel i late, the propeller and' rudder be
' ing in the usual positions. Mr. Tesla
explained that the boat contained the
■ lling machinery, consisting
electric motor actuated by a storage
battery in the hold, another motor to
actuate the rudder and the delicate
mechanism which performs the func
tion of receiving through the central
standard the electric impulses sent
i through the atmosphere from the dis
| tant operating station which set in mo-
I tion the propelling and steering mo
j tors, and ihrough them light or extin-
I guish the electric bulbs and fire the ex
ploding charge in a chamber in the bow
in response to signals sent by the ope
rator.
"Now watch," said the Inventor, and
going to a table on the other side of
the room, on which lay a little switch
board, about five inches square, he gave
the lever a sharp turn. Instantly the
little bronze propeller began to revolve
at a furious rate.
"Now I will send the boat to star
board," he said, and another quick
movement of the' lever sent the helm
sharp over, and another movement
i turned it as rapidly back again. At an
; other signal the screw stopped and re
versed.
"During the day," continued Mr.
: Tesla, his hand on the lever, "we should
j steer our course by keeping the two
I standards in line, but at night we
I should depend upon the electric iights,
which would, of course, be screened so
| as not to be visible to the enemy," and
\ at a signal both the tiny bulbs were il
| luminated.
"Now we will assume that tho boat
I has arrived withi.i striking distance of
the vessel to be destroyed and the bulb
in the bow will serve to show that the
explosion has taken place."
As he spoke he touched the lever
I again and the light flashed and was ex-
I tinguished.
"Imagine, if you can." said Mr. Tesla,
as he went back to his desk, "what an
irresistible instrument of destruction
we have in a torpedo boat thus con
tr lied, which we can operate day or
night, on the surface or below it and
from any distance that may be desired.
A ship thus assailed would have no pos
sible show of escape.
"I can apply this system of control to
any type of vessel and any one of any
size. It is not even necessary to make
a close approach to be destroyed. At
j the distance of 100 feet the explosion
; of ?00 pounds of dynamite will exert a
I shattering effect on a battleship, but
| there is no reason w>»~ we should not
I load a. vessel with 200 or 300 tons or
(even more of dynamite, which, explod
: ed even a mile or so way would raise
a wave that would overwhelm the big
si ship ever built."
Continuing his description, Mr. Tosla
s.i id :
"As to that part of my invention
which involves the production of .suit
able wave? or radiations and the con
veying of the same to a remote re
ceiving apparatus capable of being: op
erated or controlled by their influence,
it may be carried out in various ways
which are at the present time more or
less understood. For example, I may
pass through a conducting path, pre
ferably enclosing a lurgv area, a rapid
ly varying- current and by electro
magnetic induction of the same affect
a circuit carried by a moving body.
"In this case the action at a given
distance will be the stronger the larger
the area Inclosed by the conductor and
the greater the rate of change of the
:;t. if the latter were generated
in the ordinary ways the rate of change
and consequently the distance at which
the action would be practically avail
able for the present purpose, would be
very small, but by adopting p-ich means
as I have devised— that is, cither by
passing through the conducting path
currents of a specially designed high
frequency alternator, or, better still, at
those of a strongly charged condenser —
a very high rate (if charge may be ob
tained, and the effective range of the
influence thus extended over a vasl
area, and by carefully adjusting the
circuit on the moving body so as to be
in exact electro-magnetic synchronism
with the primary disturbances this in
fluence may be utilized at a great dis
tance.
"Another way to carry out my In
vention is to direct the currents <>r dis
charges of a high frequency machine or
condenser through a circuit, one termi
nal of which Is connected directly or in
ductively with thp ground and the
other with a body, preferably of large
surface and at an elevation. In this
if the circuit on the moving body
be similarly arranged or connected, dif
ces of potential on the terminals
of the circuit either by conduction or
electro-static induction are produced
and the same objects attained.
"Still another way is to pass the cur
rents simply through the ground by
connecting both tiu- terminals of the
■ of high frequency currents to
earth at different and remote points
and to utilize the currents spreading
through the ground for affecting the re
ceiving circuit properly placed and ad-
Justed.
"Finally, I may avail myself, in car
rying out my invention, of electrical
oscillations which do not follow any
particuL'tf* conducting path, but propa
gate In straight lines through space, of
rays, waves, pulses or disturbances of
any kind, capable of bringing the
mechanism of the moving body into qc
tion from a distance and at the will of
the operator by their effect upon suita
ble controlling devices."
LITTLE TROUBLE IN
GREATER NFW YORK
New Election Law Works Satisfac
torily — Gangs of Toughs
Awed by Deputies.
NEW YORK. St--. R.— Superintendent
Mcfullaph. after the polls had closed,
made the following statement in regard
to the operation of ihe new election law:
"My deputies bine had no trouble in
any of the territory nf Greater Now
York. I bad TOO deputies, s'rf) of whom
were on duty at the poll*. 100 in reserve.
a?;<! l nf > special* acting as messengers. The
.>nlv territory in which I bad any trouble
■w.-is In the Sixth and Eighth election dis
tricts of the Second Assembly District.
My deputies arrested four men for defec
tive naturalization papers, who were held
for the United States Judge.
"I expected to have trouble with arangs
r.f rooters from Newark. N. .T.. Jersey
City Bristol. Conn., and the famous 'Bat
Shea gang' from Troy, but as far as I
(;rard tln>re have been r.n difficul
ties with these men. In <-as<-. m y mm had
been overwhelmed at the polls T would
have called on the police, although I
could as a State officer call out the mi
litia to quell any disturbances. "
Fatally Wounds a Woman.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. S.— Mrs. Giacomo,
an Italian woman, was shot and fatally
wounded at her home this' afternoon by
Francis Badeirger. who had been work-
Ing for her. Badeirper, who- had been
drinking, became enrapecl because the
woman accused him of having stolen
Rome shirts. Picking op a shotgun he
discharged the contents into . Mrs. Giae
omo's br<-a*t. Her death 1 is only a ques
tion of a few hours.
♦
Grass Valley Votes Bonds.
GRASS VALLEY. Nov. B.— This city to
day voted In favor of $40,000 sewerage
bonds. The vote was 1030 to 203.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1898.
REGULATION
RATIONS FOR
SICK SOLDIERS
Patients Lie on the
Ground.
;how medicine was handled
PILLS AND TABLETS SHOVELED
TOGETHER.
!
No Trained Nurses in Some of tne
Hospitals— Many of Them
Could Neither Read
Nor Write.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Nov. 8.-The War Inves
tigating Commission to-day continued
I the examination of witnesses. General
Dodge, chairman of the committee,
says that he can begin to see an end
of the long investigation. After some
evidence has been heard at Detroit the
members of the committee will go to
j Washington. They have yet to visit
Camp Meade, Pa., but it is likely that
this camp will not be reached until
after the return to Washington.
According to Dr. Connor, the accu
mulation of papers and documents in
the possession of the commission would
fin a large-sized room.
Dr. <>. A. Smith of Clinton, la-, was
the first witness to-day. From Au
gust 9 to September 10 he was in
charge of the Second Division Third
Army Corps hospital at Camp Thomas.
Dr. Smith said: "When I assumed
my duties, July 14, I found a shortage
of tents and cots. The patients in the
hospital were crowded on account of
tent shortage. Some of the patients
were lying on the ground on account of
lack of cots. There* was no provision
made for feeding the sick other than
the rations issued io the soldiers in
the regular service, except for such
food as was brought in by charitable
organizations, the principal of which
were the Red Cross Society and the
National Relief.
"In the pharmacy there were at that
time no intestinal antiseptics, although
the commanding officer informed me
when I made a requisition that he had
made repeated efforts to get them. The
pharmacy at that time— and, indeed,
until it was ordered closed and 1
turned the stores over to the Govern
ment on the 9th of September— never
had any proper equipment for doing
pharmaceutical work. There were no
scales to measure with. The hospital
stewards used a board for a time.
There were no pill boxes or powder pa
pers. The stewards dispensed tablets
and pills in any paper they could se
cure, and they were carried to the
wards in that shape, and owing to the
prevalence of dampness at night they
would become by morning a sticky
mass not Qt for use."
The witness then went on to say that
the medical supplies did improve after
the Ist of -Autrust, but up to that time
there had been a great scarcity of suit
able supplies.
Dr. Smith said: "The water that was
furnished for the usti of the hospitals
up to August 1 was taken from the pipe
line from Chickamauga Creek, and it
was so full of sediment that it was
simply slush and not water.
"There were no floors in any of the
hospital tents at the time I reported
for duty at that hospital. The first
tent was floored soon after the middle
of July, although some were not floored
until long after that. The floors in
the tents of the Fifty-second lowa, the
First Maine and the Fifth Missouri
all laid after the troops had left
the park and were never occupied by
the soldiers and never had cots placed
in them. In fact, I might state that
the Boors were laid after orders had
received to pack goods prepara
tory to leaving for Anniston.
"In regard to nursing in that hos
pital, we had no trained nurses. All
the nursing was done by orderlies, and
many of them were densely ignorant,
and when 1 was in charge of the wards
of the Second Brigade I had two men
who could neither read nor write, and
three men who did not know the
meaning of 'Ma 1 or 'Pa,' when writ
ten."
PROBLEM OF SUPPLYING
SANTIAGO WITH WATER
General Wood Employs Three Expert
Engineers — Renegade Cubans
on the Warpath.
SANTIAGO I>K CUBA, Nov. 8. — The
main fjuestion now before General I.,eon
ard Wood, Governor of the military dis
trict of Santiago, is not pofflticaL It is
the question of water, which is a serious
problem. The rainy season is about over
and usually, after a month or so of dry
weather, water has to be brought from
the mountains and sold in the streets.
General Wood is anxious to avoid a repe
tition of such conditions, and has engaged
the services of three expert engineers to
report as to the best method of supplying
the city with water, whether with artesian
wH!s or otherwise.
Matamore, a colonel in the insurgent
army, and formerly a bandit, objecting
to the hum-drum ways of peace, recently
tn(ik to the hills with twenty men and is
now carrying on his old vocation, robbing 1
plantations and farms of cattle ana
horses, holding people up and setting in
every way a bad example. General wood
Is determined to suppress Matamore, and
a part of the gendarmerie Is now ready,
uniformed and drilled, weil mounted and
armed, to do the work. To-day twenty
men, under command of a lieutenant, left
for the locality in which Matamore and
bis companions are staying, .avith orders
to bring them all in dead or alive. The
general opinion here Is that if Matamore
la not suppressed he will soon have be
tween one and two hundred recruits, but
mow that the purpose of the authorities is
known it is not expected that many will
join him.
MERELY CLEANED UP SHIP.
Captain Hanlon Accounts for the Re
ported Wreck of the Panama.
NEW YORK, Nov. S.— The United
- transport Panama, from Santiago
and Havana, has arrived in quarantine.
There are on board about 400 persons, in
cluding a number of sick men. Captain
Hanlon was much surprised to learn that
any uneasiness had been felt for the
chip's safety. He said that shortly after
leaving Santiago he ordered the vessel
cleaned up between decks. Numerous
botea iunl other material thrown <>;■• r
board drifted toward shore, and this, no
doUbt, gave rise to the report that the
transport had been wrecked.
FIRE INSURANCE POOL.
Kentucky Grand Jury Indicts Fifty-
Three Companies.
CINCINNATI, Nov. B.— The Oranrl Jury
of Kenton County, Kentucky, sitting in
Covington, Kentucky, to-day returned in
dictments against flfty-three of the lead
ing fire insurance companies of the United
States, Canada and England. The in
dictments charge that the companies
have formed an unlawful pool to prevent
free competition among all insurance
companies and their agents doing busi
ness in Covington, and thus extort a
greater premium than otherwise would
have to be paid.
SAVED FROM A WRECK
AFTER A HARD STRUGGLE
Gallant Rescue of a Sailor on the Nor-
wegian Bark Sigrid in
Midocean.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. B.— The German
oil tank steamer Standard, which has ar
rived here, brings Andres Anderson, a
sailor, who was rescued at sea October
19 from the wrecked Norwegian bark Sig
rid. The rescue by a boat's crew from
the Standard was a thrilling and gallant
one, and was accomplished after one boat
had been dashed to pieces against the
side of the steamer and a number oi dar
ing attempts had been made to reach the
wrecked bark. Finally Anderson was
thrown a rope, which lie fastened about
him, and then jumped into the sea. He
was drapced into the boat in an uncon
scious condition.
Anderson nays the remainder of the
crew had been taken off the bark by an
unknown vessel. He had evidently been
forgotten, for the crew failed to come
back to rescue him. The derelict was left
in latitude 66.43 north, longitude 0.43 east,
nearly submerged.
NICHOLAS IS SINCERE
IN WISHING FOR PEACE
Editor Stead Convinced That the Czar
Really Seeks a General Dis
armament.
LONDON, Nov. B.— William T. Stead,
writing to the Daily News from Sebas
topol, after an interview, with the Czar
at Livadia, reiterates his conviction of
the earnestness and sincerity of the Czar's
purpose in proposing disarmament. Mr.
Stead says it is Impossible to repeat the
conversation, but he adds:
"But my opinion is summed up in a
remark which I made to a Princess of
the court, who, meeting- me as I was
leaving, asked me: 'Well, what Is your
opinion?'
"I replied simply: 'I thank God for
him. If he is spared to Russia that
young man will go far.' "
Mr. Stead adds that he found thi?
Czar possessed of exceptional rapidity of
perception, united with a remarkable
memory and a very wide grasp of an im
mense range of facts.
ECCENTRIC HERMIT'S
REMARKABLE WILL
Divides Yearly Interest on $50,000
Among One Hundred Little
Girl Waifs.
CHICAGO, Nov. B.— A remarkable will
is to be presented to Judge Koh'.saat to
morrow for probate. The will, which
was made by Orlando D. Hadsell, an ec
centric old bachelor who died recently,
divides among a hundred little girl waifs
every year for ninety-nine years the in
terest on ftw.OOO. Hadsell is reputed to
have made his money on chattel mort
gages. Although he seemingly spent the
biFt years of his life almost as a hermit,
it is stated that a contest over his will
may be made by two women, one of
whom claims to have been Hadsell's
bookkeeper for a number of years. Wil
liam Hadsell of California, a brother of
the deceased, is in Chicago awaiting the
probation of the will.
THORNS IN THE PATH OF
THE GERMAN EMPEROR
Jarring Incidents to Mar the Pleas
ure of His Trip Through the
Holy Land.
BEYROUT, Syria. Nov. B.— Emperor
William is much displeased over several
jnrring incidents of his trip to Jerusalem.
The reply of the Vatican to his notifica
tion of riphts acquired at Mount Zion is
considered extremely curt, while on all
Important occasions" the French Consul
General attended in order to assert
France's guardianship of holy places.
Moreover, it appears that the Sultan
practically took forceful possession of the
Land he presented to Emperor William,
tiie owner objecting to selling ecclesias
tical proptrtv. The authorities here tried
to ck-ar the harbor of all shipping yester
day in view of the arrival of the German
majesties, but the steamers of Messa-
X' r!»>s Maritimos. the French Steamship
Company, refused to leave.
LINDA VISTA RAZED
BY A CONFLAGRATION
Beautiful Mclver Dwelling at Mis-
sion San Jose Burned With
Its Contents.
MISSTON SAN JOSK, Nov. B.— Linda
Vista, the beautiful home of C. C. Mc-
Iver, was totally destroyed by lire at 8
o'clock this morning, entailing a loss of
$f>o,ooo, covered by $2u,000 insurance. Heavy
wind was blowing and nothing could be
done to save the structure, although there
was a Rood water supply. Efforts wore
made to save the costly furniture, but
little could be reßcued.
The fire started on the roof from sparks
from the chimney. Mr. Mclver is a
wealthy wimmaker of this vicinity, and
his home was the finest In this end of the
county, l.inda Vista has been noted for
its hospitality.
BLAMED FOR THE DEATH
OF HAROLD FREDERIC
Coroner's Jury Charges Two Chris
tian Scientists With Man
slaughter.
LONDON, Nov. B.— The Coroner's jury
which has been investigating the death
on October 19 last of Harold Frederic,
the correspondent of the New York
Times, rendered a verdict to-day of man
slaughter against Kate Lyon, a member
of the late Mr. Frederic's household, and
Mrs. Mills, a Christian scientist.
DEATH IN A MINE.
One Man Killed and Five Others In
jured by an Explosion.
SCRANTON, Pa-. Nov. S. —A gas explo
sion in the Schookey mine, neur West
Pittston. to-day seriously burned four
m^n— James Coulter, fire boss; John Met
calf, track layer; John McQulnlan, minor,
ami James Maekln, driver. Fire follow
ing the explosion overcame Anthony
Branke, miner, and John Valvons, his la
borer. Branke was dead when rescuers
found him, i>ui Vaivi db «raa restored to
consciousness. The explosion was caused
by the igniting of a foody of In a
chamber ■which Coulter and Metcalf; wero
exploring previous to locating a now
breast. Coulter und Metcalf may not sur
vive.
SAN JUAN'S DEATH BOLL.
General Brooke's Last Report to the
War Department.
WASHINGTON. Nov. B.— The following
cable message has been received at the
War Department:
"SAN JI'AN DE PORTO RICO, Nov.
7. — Adjutant General. Washington:
Deaths, November 5: Privates Almond
Pelly, D, Sixth United States Volunteer
Infantry, meningitis; Louis Taylor, X,
Eleventh Infantry, typhoid fever. No
deaths November 6.
"BROOKE. Commanding."
MANIAC'S TERRIBLE WORK.
Brains His Wife With an Ax and
Kills Himself.
WICHITA, Kans., Nov. K.~ At Alva, O.
T., George Lout, a farmer, went crazy to
day and killed his wife with an ax. He
Hi. n entered a room where his three
children alept, but as he rained : the ax
one of them awoke and the insane man
dropped th<- weapon, wont to his room
and tut his own throat.
Portland Banker's Death.
PORTLAND, Nov. B.— Henry Palling
died at his home In this city this morning
of a complication of kidney troubles. He
was 65 years of age. Mr. Falling removed
to Oregon from the East in lfciil and had
been President of the First National Bank
of Portland since ISC9.
CONCERTED MOVE
OF BONDHOLDERS
It Embarrasses Peace
Negotiations.
CLAIMS OF MANY MILLIONS
UNCLE SAM CALLED UPON TO
LIQUIDATE.
French Embassy Submits a Formid
able Array of Figures to the
State Department at
Washington.
PARIS, Nov. B.— The United States
Peace Commissioners had formulated
an answer to Spain's voluminous pre
sentment of Friday last, but the work
of typewriting this reply was too great
to be finished before 2 p. m. to-day, the
time fixed for the meeting of the joint
commissions. This fact was com
municated at noon to-day to the Span
iards, with a request that the meeting
occur at 4 o'clock to-day. This re
quest, however, was declined by the
Spaniards on the ground that they had
some other engagements for 4 o'clock
to-day. Consequently the meeting of
the joint commission was deferred until
2 o'clock to-morrow.
The Gaulois this morning, referring
to to-day's sitting of the Peace Com
mission, says it will in no way modify
the Spanish-American situation, "as
the American Commissioners have or
ders to await further instructions from
Washington."
The Gaulois says these Instructions
will depend upon the result of the elec
tions, which, the paper mentioned
thinks, will be favorable to the Repub
licans.
The Gaulois continues: "The Gov
ernment will eventually recognize
that pecuniary compensation is due
to Spain for the evacuation of
the Philippine Islands and the ne
gotiations will continue and be brought
to a satisfactory conclusion in a friend
ly spirit."
WASHINGTON, Nov. B.— The advices
that have come to hand so fax from
the commission at Paris are said to be
rather encouraging than the reverse,
and there is a disposition here to agree
to the statement, rather cautiously
made by the Spanish Cabinet yester
day, that there will be three or four
more meetings of the joint commission.
This is taken as an indication that the
Spaniards themselves are not 16oking
for a break in the negotiations, but
they rather expect a peaceful conclu^
sion in a short time.
The foreign bondholders have at last
moved formally to protect their inter
ests in Cuba and Porto Rico. The ini
tial steps have been taken through the
agency of the French Embassy, which
in this case acts no longer as the rep
resentative of the Spanish Government,
but for French subjects. Through the
Embassy a most formidable statement
has been presented to the State De
partment, being an account of the va
rious Spanish bonds owned by French
citizens chargeable against the territo
ries either seized or set free by the act
of the United States Government. The
sum total of these bonds runs up far
into the millions.
Just what it is expected shall be done
with them is not clear. The United
States Government, of course, will not
pay them, but it may be that the
French Government looks to it to cause
the independent government of Cuba
to assume liability for the redemption
of the bonds charged against that is
land when that government shall have
been duly installed by the act of the
United States Government. It is prob
able that other holders of like bonds,
German and British, will take similar
steps to have their claims brought
through their diplomatic representa
tives to the attention of the United
States Government, and it may be even
that the holders of such bonds in Spain,
though Spanish citizens, will take a
like course, which would present a
novel claim upon the generosity of the
United States Government.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Horses That Won All the Money on
Election Day.
NEW YORK. Nov. The meeting closed
at Aqueduct to-day. Results:
First race, about seven furlongs, selling—
Zanone won, Midllght second. General Maceo
third. Time, 1:26 3-5.
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Lady
Lindsay won. Ordeal second,: Village Pride
third. Time. 1:OS 4-."..
Third race, mile and forty yards, . selling-
Headlight II won, Campania second. Blue
Away third. Time, 1:44%.
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth—
won Don'de Oro second, 'Warrenton third.
Time, 1:48%.
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling— Lady Sher
well won. Lady Dora second. St. Sophia third.
Time, 1:00%.
Sixth race, mile and forty yards, selling —
Flel 1 Lark won, Brighton second, Charlie Ross
third. Time. 1:45.
CHICAGO. Nov. B.— Weather rainy; track
fair at lakeside.
Firs>t race, five furlongs— Ordnunjf won, Fln
ißn second, Natroe third. Time, l.*fl>H
nd race, selling, mile ami twenty yards —
Barltaria won, Dunoia second, Moncrelth third.
Time. l:4. r .V 4 .
Third race, ntie and an eighth miles — Amos
won Macy second. Storm King third. Time,
■
Fifth race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile —
O'ConneU won, Pave Waldo second, Sllgo third.
Time. 1-.0M4.
Blxttl race, six furlongs — Tenole won, Diggs
■eooad. Locust Blossom third. Time. l:l"H-
NASHVILLE. Nov. B.— Weather clear; track
good at Cumberland to-day. . Results:
First race, six furlonjra, selling— Sauterns
won. John Bonne second, Everest third. Time,
I:IGVi.
Second race, five furlongs— t>e Blaise won,
Triune second. Our Llda> third. Time, 1:09%.
Third race, thlrteen-slxteenths of a mile, sell
lnsc—Connie Lee won. Pinkey Potter second.
Karl Fonso third. Time, •• 1:22%.
Fourth race, one nnd »n elshth miles —
eler won, Demosthenes . second. Bagpipe third.
Time. 1:56. : •
Fifth race, thtrte^n-Fltteenths of a mile, sell-
Ing— Simon W won. Bob Turner second, Perclta
third. Time. l:22'«j. - t ■.
;•■.'■:•.- • - ■ -~- — '— ' ' '
BIGHT MOHEGAN VICTIMS.
Body of a California Woman Among
Those Brought to New York.
NEW YORK. Nov. S.— The bodies of
eight of the passengers on the lost Atlan
tic liner Mohogan, wrecked on October 14.
on the southwest coast of England, ar
rived here Monday in hermetically sealed
cofiins on the steamship Menominee from
London. The remains of Mrs. Sophie C.
Crane of California were among them.
Postofflce Bobbed.
KANKAKKE, 111., Nov. B.— Burglars
robbed the postofflce at Danforth. twenty
miles south of this rity, of $,VW In money
and stamps last night. They were unsuc
cessful, however, m forcing the safe of
the Danforth Bank, which contained $7000.
The doors of the vault were blown open
and the lock injured so bndly that the
banker? could not get in for several
hours. Bloodhounds will be used to track
the burglar?.
Fire Swept Forests and Prairies.
WICHITA, Knns.. Nov. B.— A special to
!h. Beacon from Karlsboro. Okla.,
aaya forest nnd prairie fires are raging
all oveT the Seminole Nation Territory,
En ahaka Mipplon and property valued at
fl£o,ooo have been destroyed.
Max Alvary, the Tenor, Dead,
BERLIN, Nov. S.— Max Alvary, the
popular German operatic tenor, who sang
during many seasons In the United
States, is dead. He expired at Tabarse,
Thurlngla,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[/If Murphy Building, Jf {/{/ Mv r P y Building , '■*
Market anil Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets.
i
FRESH ARRIVALS
"- — OF ' ■ ■
1 TO-DAY'S I iiAlJll ALL | TO-DAY'S 3
% OFFERINGS, 1;« AnviTpn .'- \ OFFERINGS. ; 1
We to-day place on sale an unrivaled assortment of
the newest and most seasonable productions in JACK-
ETS, CAPES AND SUITS for Ladies*, Misses' and Chil-
dren's wear. A few examples we quote below.
LADIES' JACKETS AND CAPES.
.Ajt $3.75.
- tJU \Jt l Slir** t iiii"* ' ' ' It
LADIES' COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, in light and dark shades of tan,
fly fronts, faced with cloth, worth $6. will be offered at $3 75 each.
J±t $7,60,
LADIES' TAN KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, faced with silk
serge, good value for $10, will be sold for $7 50 each.
j±t
LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, lined with fancy Italian cloth, handsomely
braided and beaded, collar,' fronts, and around bottom edged with
black thibet fur, regular price $7 50, will be placed on sale at $5 each.
J±t $7.50.
LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, length 24 inches, lined with silk serge, collar
and fronts edged with thibet or martin fur, worth $10, will be of-
fered at $7 50 each. ; :■
LADIES' SUITS AND DRESS SKIRTS.
At. $5.00.
LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in black, navy and brown cheviot
cloth fly front jackets, line* with printed Italian cloth, skirts well
lined' and bound, good value for $8 50, will be sold for $5 each.
At~57.60.
LADIES' TAILOR MADE SUITS of black and navy serge, fly front
jackets lined with silk serge, skirts double lined and bound with vel-
vet, extra value for $10, will be offered at $7 50 each.
Afs4,6O.
t Amp? 1 BLACK FIGURED DRESS SKIRTS, fan pleated backs, lined
with percaline and bound with velvet, worth $6 50, will be, placed on
sale at $4 60 each. ~ - : -  . # ■
At $7.50. ;,
T ADIFS' PLAIN BLACK SILK DRESS SKIRTS, fan; pleated backs,
with three ruffles, double lined and bound with velvet, regular price
$10, will be sold for $7 50 each. . : ' V
TIGHTENING HER
GRIP EGYPT
England May Declare a
Protectorate.
CONDITIONS ARE FAVORABLE
BRITISH PUBLIC SENTIMENT
AGGRESSIVE,
Germany Friendly, Russia Absorbed
in Other Matters, and France
Alone Remains ir-
Opposition.
Special Dispatch to Tlie Call -
NEW YORK, Nov. B.— A special cable
to the Commercial Advertiser from
London says: The rumor that England
will soon declare a protectorate over
Egypt is notably persistent here and on
the continent. An influential part of
the Cabinet favors the declaration.
British newspapers are passing from
hints of it to open advocacy, and pub
lic opinion is generally encouraging.
The international situation is also fa
vorable, with Germany friendly and
Russia absorbed in other matters, leav
ing only France to oppose the plan. I
hear that the German Government is
checking obstreperous comment on the
Philippines. The German aim now is
the acquisition of any of the remaind
ers with the approval of England and
America, after the Paris negotiations
are concluded. ,—_■•«. .
PARIS, Nov. B.— The Chamber of
Ppputie*' resumed its sittings to-day
with a crowded attendance in antici
pation of a debate on the Fashoda
question. But those present were dis
appointed by M. Brunot announcing
that he withdrew his interpellation on
the subject _
ASSISTANCE REFUSED
RELEASED INSURGENTS
Plight of Sixteen Cubans Freed From
a Spanish Prison and Stranded
in New York.
NEW YORK. Nov. ?.— The sixteen Cu
ban insurgents who were recently re
leased by the Spanish Government from
the Government prison at Ceuta and who
arrived In this country last week on the
Kaiser Wilhelm 11. were to-day released
from the barge office and allowed to go,
penniless and homeless, into the streets.
They applied for help at the Cuban Junta,
but were turned away with the reply that
no funds were available for them.
The situation of these tnen is peculiar.
They were released from prison and as
they had no money for transportation and
could not secure help from the Spanish
Government they were forwarded to this
country by the United States Consul there
at the' expense of this Government. No
arrangements were made for iheir recep
tion on this side nor for their transporta
tion from this port to the island of Cuba.
— . ♦ ■—■
HERMIT'S SISTER FOUND.
Claimant of the Clivistens?n Estate
Near Stockton.
STOCKTON, Nov. S.— The real heir to
the estate left by the late Peter Christen
sen. the aged hermit who died intestate
a few monthta ago near Stockton, has
been found. She is Catharina Christensen,
. . »
sister of the deceased. She resides at
Davenport, lowa, Attorneys Delegh and
Beardslee of this city have filed her power
! of. attorney with the County Clerk.
At the time Christensen died a sister
was mentioned as residing somewhere In
the East, and several attorneys have been
using their utmost endeavors to locate
her. The attorneys who represent the sis
ter decline to say what their proofs of the
relationship are, but say that there is not
the slightest doubt about the matter.
••': ' . i « " — — '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
731 Market Street, San Francisco,
SPECIALiSTSFOR MEN
Establish ®d 17 Years.
■HI. nEIKKP Ac CO. have
gained their high standing and
have built up the largest practice
on the Pacific Coast by curing their
patients, and by honorable business
dealings.
I>K. mfERI Sc CO. have the
largest and best-equipped medical
Institute in the West, and have
made a special study of all weak-
ness ana diseases of men for more
than seventeen years.
OK. MBVKBB tit CO. cure con-
tagious blood poison and all other
diseases of men, and restore to per-
fect health those who are weak,
puny and debilitated from the ef-
fects of nervous debility, excesses,
dissipations, indiscretions, etc., etc.
No Money Required Until You Aro
Cured.
Dr. Meyers & Co. have such faith In their
methods and remedies that they do not ask
for a dollar until the patient is cured or
restored, as the case may be. Patients may
deposit the pric« of a cure in any bank in
San Frnnclgco, to be paid only when they
are cured, or may pay In small monthly In-
stallments.
Consultation and Advice Free,
It is Wflltworth your time to see or write
the doctors whether you want to take the
treatment or not. A friendly talk or a con-
fidential letter will result In great good in
any event. Private book for men sent
sealed to any address free.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market Street,
BAN FRANCISCO.
Hours. 8 to 12 daily.
TAKE ELEVATOB. Evenings, 7to E.
Sunday*, 8 to 11.
910
THE STATE VOTE.
:—;: — ; 1 — -.• , x ,
Partial Returns Show That the Republicans
Have Won a Great Victory — The Con
gressional Vote by Districts.
At the hour of going to press the returns from the city and State show
that the Republicans have won a splendid victory, and will have full con
trol of the -Legislature. The Democrats elect one Congressman. The fig
ures so far as compiled follow:
VOTE OF C
IFORNIA.
FOR GOVERNOR.
PRESIDENTIAL
VOTE
1896.
I "i S If Governor. I Sec. State.
*3 i , 1 j, 1 ,
?! I ? I 3 I i
; a o % * Ii? I
Hi r _lU_l_l_
•o.:■ i • i .
11 631 325 i 306 251 S4S
*""*'» "'" 57 45 S3 ' 40
2 141 52 82 57 71
8 149 67 69 66 78
3 155 63 83
14 1.076 661 459 657 409
i ""i 75 "*34 33 '"'"ii 28
4 128 47 72 44 70
4 348 122 209 68 111
3 201 129 71 12t-| 44
1 22 12 9 10 10
5 319 134 157 124 127
1 30 16 13
' ..... "'37r.|""ix9 "'"ic6|""i66 '"330
6 186 120 60 104 56
2 111 46 53 43 53
7 603 373 112 255 252
3 122 38 SI 201 70
"*"i 91 40 48 36 j "**49
1 72 34! 85 22 43
2 168 109 68 104 i 64
14 ! 1.040 497 611 449 390
2 309 159 148 141 147
1 38 16 20! 17 17
2 2C4 163 78 156 21
| 10 2SB 171 100 j 15* 105
1 47 32 12 29
10 DOS 253! 207; 186 94
6 4"2 251 179 216. 147
4 304 12S| 126] 6<: 72
13 624 302 236 278 218
161 SO9 425' 329 41* 311
"ii "i.052 ""Hi ""416 ""413 '"394
1 123 46 70 43 9
2 1551 81 47 47 19
4 256 133 95 120 107
"i " "837 "157 " 16S "155 ""&
3 127 69 9SJ 61 44
""s ""in ""ion * "77 99 73
3 457 243 2031 lS3i 221
2 122 71 43 67 43
3 242 91 137 74 1 101
1 136 68 71 50i 70
. 5 228 91 93 91 106
""i ""Us ""Us '"*226 " 13$ "" 175
1 79 30 49 31 46
1 110 63 42 61 39
7 452 227 202 236 196
218 14,289 7,180 6,333 6.178 6,255
clncts in 1896 gave McKlnley 7,931;
Governor.
7.
p
o
1-
3
■
-3 I Pres
I ' a
2i 5 i
•5 ! a
9 ?
f ».
• "o y
_ 22.144 13.429 1
% 22.144! 13.42?
6 79 40
!1 2,702 1,144
5 4.259 | 2,075
2 3.0951 1,641
1 1,990 581
3 3,440 1.834
9 670 345]
6 2,867 1.130
2 6,648 2,680
B 1,305 *79
9 5.611 31142
1 534 256
1 3,235 1,430
5 1,535 673 j
S 1,453 • 546
2 974 420
4 33.7C3 16,891 ,
4 1,206 452
2 2,360 1,448
9 1,425] 563
2 4,215 2,093
3 1,780 653
5 915 3>"K)
7 611 259
4 4.032 1,878
5 3,573 2.032
3 4.373: 1,985
3 3.798 1,932
J 3,650 | 1,8901
r 1.246 67S
r 3.9181 2.063
; : 9.811 4,600
I 1,720 729
! 5.999 2.818!
) 7,998 3.631
i| 63,057 31.041
)i 7.076 3.500
r 3.954 1,671
I 2.76:5 1,607
: 3,965 2.004
! 12.270 6.315
'I 4,224 1,969
! 3.375 1,210
; 1.245 707!
I 3,284 1,473
I1 5. OSS 2.702
1 8.075] 4,053
2,462 1,007
1.542! 796
2.106 969
1.086 502
4,159 1,410]
1 2,333 534
3,175 1,553
! 3,296 1.455
I 2.2481 1,204
!1 1 ■
oouw-
TIKS.
Alameda .
Alpine ....
Amador ..
Butte
CaJaveras
Colusa ...
C. Cost*..
Del Norte.
El Dorado
Fresno . . .
Glenn
Humb"dt .
Inyo
Kern
Kings ....
L«Lke
Lassen ...
L Angles.
Madera ..
Marin ....
Mariposa. .
Mend' co ..
Merced ...
Modoc
Mono
Monterey .
Ncpa
Nevada ...
Orange ...|
Placer ....
Flumas ...
Riverside .
Sac'm'nto
San Benlto
5. Ber'dno
Pan Diepo.
6. Fmc'co
8. Joaquin
B. L. Obisp
San Mateo
S. Barbara
S. Clara... .
S. Cruz
Shasta —
Sierra
Siekiyou ..
Solano
Sonoma ..
Stanlsla's
Sutter
Tehama ..
Trinity ... .
Tulare
Tuolumne
Ventura ..(
Yolo
Yuba
Totals ...
Same prec
Bryan, 7,500.
•-
" "657
UJI
2
3
i
y
I
5
p
d
Alameda
Alpine
Amador
Butte
Calaveraa
Colusa
Contra Costa
Del Norte
El Dorado
Fresno
Glenn
Humboldt
Inyo
Kern
Kings
Lake
Lassen
Log Angeles
Madera
Marin
Mariposa
Mondocino
Merced
Modoc
Mono
Monterey
Naj>a
Nevada
Orange
Placer
Plumas
Riverside
Sacramento
San Benlto
San Bernardino
San Diego
San Francisco
San Joaquin
San Luis Obispo
San Mateo../
Santa Barbara
Santa Clara
Sp.nta Cruz
Shasta
Sierra
Siskiyou
Solano
Sonoma
Stanislaus
Sutter
Tehama
Trinity
Tulare
Tuolumne
Ventura
Yolo
Yuba
3
3
3
9 8,394
.0 39
4 1.398
•5 2.120
1 1.359
I 1,406
4 1,376
5 323
0 1,676
6 3,767
9 825
2 2,4(J5
6 1 532
0 1,755
3 1 862
6 846
0 ' 528
II 16,131
2 742
8 874
3 829
3 2.114
3 1,122
3 588
9 315
v : 2.149
2] 1.472
i| 2,330
.' 1.715
I 1I 1 1,720
> 56S
: 1,681
) 4.877
>l 956
I 2.737
i: 3.893
L 30.649
• 3.500
I 2,055
982
l.i'll
i 5.191
i 1,960
i 1,934
! 528 !
1.734 I
2.284
3,680
1.398 I
713 !
1,126 ;
! 545
■ 2.6C7
1,293
' 1,464
; 1,761
I 1.007
! 144,766
1
1
18
33
22
Total 2
146, 655;
FIRST CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT.
Vote in 1898. I Vote in 1896.
Del Norte
Humboldt
Lessen I
Marin
Mendoclno
Modoc
Napa
Plumas
Shasta
Sierra
Slskiyou
Sonoma
Tehama
Trinity
COUNTIES.
►3 88
n \
H I
IS S
: H -a
is ?
• p
: .
: a,
.7777.77777
..... •••••^
8 453
'" i ii
4 224]
1 29
3 62
"3 "103
2 70
5 92
35 1.253
33
?!
: O
!|
: 9
: c.
I
i
2
I
! Del Norte
I Humboldt
Lassen
Marin
Mendoclno
MrHlrvc
Napa
Plumas
Shasta
Sierra
Siskiyou
Sonoma
i Tehama
I Trinity
COUNTIES.
y.
p
o
1
a
E
1 a' 0 2
I I ■ I-
'■S - B i
! P ?
I S3
311 340 21
2,782 2,612 140
353 332 124
1,385 822 . 51
1,978 1.981 122
309 467 74
1.836 1.326 ! 79
672 186 30
1,095 1,470 329
648 464 27
1,369 1,408 195
3.639 3,302 130
951 90S 129
418 411 4(5
17,8261 16,328 1.497 i
i
1
Totals i
Totals I
IS96 — Barham's plurality 1,498
Prohibition vote 249
SECOND
Vote in 1898.
AL DISTRICT.
Vote in
1896.
COUNTIES.
*— 1 M
ill
: ■ «
i a i
• *H •
: a :
■ p :
: -i :
i • c, :
i
""i '""a
2 97
3 63
1 32
1 10
3 32
2 89
1 16
10 141
6 212
11 373
1 65
1 26
43( 1,148]
Is
i
—
3
©
a
COUNTIES.
? §. g"
2. S
o m"^
?
2 o a
51 » ."'to
I 3 :
2. : : O
5 42 23
21 BS3I 1.508
55 1,744 2.257
32 1,170 1.530
36 717 1.654
21 261 484
19 405 878
7 236 289
43 1,616 2,435
49 1,566 1.964
68 5,168 4,057
60 2,593 4,221
17 651 764
27 65S 1,156
21 903 1,154
471 18.613 24,434
O
o
c
a
3
8
2'?, I
98 I
76
65
35
29
4
153
82
107
174
35
48
40
Alpine
Amador
Butte
Calaveras
El Dorado
Inyo
Mariposa
Mono
Nevada
Placer
Sacramento
San Joaquln
Sutter
Tuolumne
Yuba
I
1
Alpine
Amador
Butte
Calaveras
El Dorado
Inyo
Mariposa
Mono
Nevada
Placer
Sacramento
San Joaquln
Sutter
Tuolumne
Yuba
f
!
Totals I
Totals
1896— De Vries" plurality 6g^
THIRD
Vote in 1898.
IONAL DISTRICT.
Vote in 1896.
OOTTNTIE&.
i
? »
:
: a
• (»
. p
'. *1
■ a
? i_o
£. 3
I ?*
* if.
i-.lti
527 256
52 82
553 378
10* ISS
'""209 181
221; 182
1.471 i 1.264
2
I
S
COUNTIES.
5 3
° I
J •
I I i?
3 «
I ?
«c ;
125 446 !
21 729
33 1,649
15 495 1
16 603 j
SO 2.542
__ 1.314-
265 19,778 |
M
13.
5"
? %
O
I
8.256
966 *■
! 1.46S
■ 739 ■
8221
I 2,304
1,664
I 16,119 .777777
Alameda
Colusa
Contra Costa
Glenn
Lake
Solano
Yolo
1
Alameda . ..
Colusa '
Contra Costa ;
Glenn
Lake „
Solano
Yoio ;;;
1
I *
Total*
I
„ Totals
1896— Hllborn's pluralit
Prohibition vote .'
Socialist vote
' 3.659
327
387
FOURTH
IONAL DISTRICT.
Vote in 1898.
Vote in 1896.
E
COUNTY.
Francisco
jlf I if I
: - 3 »? S
: a . I-.' ??- o
* i ?B *
i:a. i . : o. :
I I 10.859J 8,479 418
■ 2 O td
* *6 g ?
° |t S" I •
COUNTY. 3 -r- . m . *$
■ 5" II « " f
■■'• ;v: •: fI" I ! I■.
■ ■ -•■ ■ ■ • : a I : :
San Francisco 1 19.074| 10,940 299
Ban Francisco
Socialist Labor rote
687
IS96— Maguire's majority « SK -,
Socialist Labor vote '.!!'.""."". 968
FIFTH ,
AL DISTRICT.
Vote in 1898.
Vote in 1896.
■
COUNTIES.
32. I a
is I
;!-a :
; n '.
• *> :
: ft I :
..... *ijs
'.'.'.'.'. "*x.bi.
..... •a.*
M
■M
O en
I 3
•t j J»
"s ! ?
3 i ?
'"•206 ;;.';!"
•200
COUNTIES.
t 1 1 1 ■. B
o ."■ »? 5
5 * !? "i
If I I
2. : = t»
I- . : ■;
r> ; ; •
ST : ; ;
135 1 12,449 7,728 5,133
-18 1,353 831 278
72 1 6.549 1,938 3,414
225 18,351 10,494 8,825
San Francisco
San Mateo
Santa Clara
Totals 1
San Francisco (part)...
San Mateo
Santa Clara
Totals
THE SAN FRAJSTCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1898.
SIXTH
Vote in 1898.
Vote
COUNTIES.
II
3 1
: X
: •"
p
si
o
.a 1 V
f| I
Is I ?
• 3 O
: " i "3
•§ : ■
: 3
■&■ : ■
63
407
79
1051 ".
154
4S
556 .......
-*.
COUNTIES.
' ■ ' :>*
V.
p
o
i?
c
9
o
—
m
'I 55 2 .
p Hi °
I Pi- i
| : 1 3
:x : ? 3..
« : 2 :
' 15,291 15,247 872
1,72.7 1.979 53
i ■ 1.523 1,983 57
1.759 1.748 79
i 1.694 1.764 72
1,470 1,431 73
23.494 ! 24,157 1,206
Los Angeles
Monterey
San Luis Obispo
Santa Barbara
Santa Cruz
Ventura
Los Angeles
Monterey
San Luis Obispo
Santa Barbara
Santa Cruz
Ventura
3
1
26
Totals I
Totals
1896— Barlow's plurality 663
Socialist I^abor vote 5*2
SEVENTH CONG:
Vote in 1898.
rAL DISTRICT.
Vote in 1896.
Fresno
Kern
Kings
Madera
Merced
Orange
Riverside
San Benito
Ban Diego
San Bernardino
Stanislaus
Tulare
COUNTIES.
3 1
3 3
? °
■ X
• (t
'■ P
: -i
• a
X Q i
I II §
S: " m
I : O o
£ : i r ■
■a : ;
•- £ :
: • 3. \ '
_____ . j _____
48 66
91 94
16 12
44 67
36 49
• 84 17
265 181
114 121
' 357 302.
293 239
90 130
35 74
1,503 1.342
Fresno .-
Kern ■ .
Kings '.'.'.'.'.'."'.'.
Madera
Merced 1...'.
Orange ....
Riverside '.'.'.'.'..'.'.'.
San Benito '.
San Diego
San Bernardino ........
Stanislaus
Tulare
COUNTIES.
? 2
o %
o ra
1 " 3
►3 ■■-
3 W
n a
.3 "3
ifi
72 2,398
51 1,501
15 599
24 449
23 578
28 1.858
47 2.0031
18 663
89 3,702
62 2,764
22 1.013
49 j 1,409
Boo| 18.939!
— a
3?
■ %
i 3
: p
. 3
: &
0
2
_3
3
a
243
138
47
32
72
152
221
99
537
418
76
104
2.139
1.364
717]
587
" 1.000
1,488
3,2:
2,1'
1,2
Totals I
Totals j
1896— Castle's plurality
Prohibition vote
244
802
JUSTICES OF
COUN-
TIES.
i|
i "
• a
: s»
: -i
►3
o
o
r>
9
•a
<2< i o
p o p 2
a a E
*? 3 3
*I * ?
?a ? :
199 231 259 . 235
42 46 38 '"""38
46 49 65 71
43 39 62 67
48 47 74 52
602 £22 419 . 403
27 85 25 35
29 32 67 61
S6 ■ 137 187 ISC
100 109 59 59
8 9 11 11
81 85 162 99
***iO3 IIS " 124 78
93 102 107 74
30 34 48 67
364., 374 254 240
13 24 49 72
55 59 ""CS ""ii
25 19 35 25
S3 SO 43 , 46
436 462 508 519
i ■■ 16U 182 171
16 12 IS 14
126 137 75 63
125 120 90 117
26 24 7 7
161 ' 152 144 "97
245 257 192 206
90 78 117 137
225 233 268 224
386 401 340 337
'384 382 1 338 353
56 62 89 | 101
30 14 15 1 23
120 138 163 | 153
09 76 64 49
115 129 134 146
42 35 64 27
°"i6s 124 97 86
149 165 191 183
57 50 30 31
68 42 137 83
44 48 60 59
106 105 150 112
133 ""iii " "m ""m
21 20 34 46
50 46 35 41
170 177 150 169
5,742 6,971 6.037 6,747
g
d
X
0
I
I
Alameda .
Alpine ....
Amador ..
Hutte ....
Calaveras
Colusa
' C. Costa...
Del None.
El Dorado
Fresno ...
Glenn
Humboldt
Inyo
Kern
Kings ....
Lake I
Las sen . . .
L. Angles
Madera ...
■ Marin ....
| Mariposa .
Mend' co .-.
Merced ...
Modoc ....
Mono
I Monterey
Napa
Nevada . .
Orange . . .
Placer
Plumas ...
Riverside .
Sacram'to
San Benito
San Ber'do
San Diego i
S. Franc o .
S. Joaquin
S. L. Ob'po
San Mateo
S. Barbara
8. Clara..
S. Cruz
Shasta ...
Sierra ....
Slskiyoa ..
Solano ...
Sonoma ..
Stanislaus
Sutter
Tehama ..
Trinity ... .
Tulare ....
Tuolumne
Ventura ..
Tolo
Yuba
• "
• I
• !
, 5
■ J
■I M|
il-i ::::::
: si:::::::
?!
• l\
■ "i
.............
.............
•••-I
!
■ 6
2... ....1
7
» j
......
::::::
18
ii;
10j
1
10
46:::::::4 6 :::::::
14|
„»:;::;•':
::::::
3
3
""z:::::::
I:::::::
3
1
6
I
5
1
1
235
1
i....-
llti
Totals ..|
A NEW ( SLANG PHRASE WANTED.
"I have been waiting for months."
he said, "for some bright idiot to come
along with something really new and
good in the way of popular slang — the
kind that is noj. offensive and furnisaes
jan unfailing although eventually a
J monotonous defense for repartee fiends.
Let's go back a few years into history
thanks. No, I'll pour it out mys;elf
please. As I was saying, let's go back
into history. My hobbby. you know, is
tracing the origin of slang. I never use
slang myself, but the study of it
amuses me. I started it several years
ago, beginning with 'There are oth- va.'
Now, there was a bit of slang that
played a star engagement and *i?ed
longer, with subsequent variation, than
anything that has been coined within
the scope of my memory. As nearly as
I can make out, 'There are others' was
used as slang for the first time in the
Umbrella, a newspaper hang-out in
i New York, and the occasion for it was
i the fact that one man in the row had
been forgotten in the round. As I re
marked. 'There are others' lived for a
long time, which was because it really
meant something and had a world of
meaning at times. It has disappeared
for good, though, in this part of the
country. I understand, however, that
it is just getting a hold in Texas.
" 'There are others' was succeeded
by 'You're not the only pebble on the
beach,' which originated in a variety
theater at Coney Island with a cheap
song-and-dance sketch. It was taken
up and popularized as slang, that is,
the first of it was. With 'You're not the
only' as a foundation the original repar
tee fiends twisted all sorts of things
out of this bit of slang, and it subse
quently degenerated into every conceiv
able form, until it became 'Oh, I don't
know, you're not the only — ' with any
thing one wanted tacked onto the end.
Now, really, since those I have men
tioned became obsolete, there has been
no clever bit of slang worth speaking
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weaknr resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak tack, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and ha« been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building, Fort Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great clas«.
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy It is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
of heard on the repartee market. They
are all looking for something new this
rail, and it's hard to find. Of course,
there have been a lot of inane coin
ages which do not aspire to the dignity
of being worth the living. 'Chesty.' is
a word that has been used up to date
for several months, but it is absolutely
meaningless. That's a funny thing
about this kind of slang. A man seems
to know what another man means when
he says 'Hello, my chesty friend,' or
'Now, don't get chesty about a little
thing like that,' and yet there is not
a man living who could, if the life of
him depended on it, define the word or
give yo-u any very accurate idea of
what it means. But, as I remarked, we
are looking for something new, and if
some clever Indian wouid only coin one
he would relieve a great strain on the
mind of the repartee fiend."—Washing
ton Times. \
GOLF REQUIRES BRAINS.
Professor Jebb made an excellent ap
pearance on the Congress platform, and
showed that academic pursuits need not
make a man a poor judge of affairs.
Perhaps it is to Mr. Jebb that the Rec
ord refers In one of its congress "Notes "
He was learning- gold, so the story runs
at St. Andrews, and making but indif
.So* P r °eress. "Why cannot I play
golf he inquired of the ever-ready
ca ,?Y,' * can m anage most things pretty
well "Aye, vera," replied the caddy
ye ken it's no a vera hard thing to teach
Greek and such like, but it takes a heid
to play gowf!"
: ADV2BI*ESE&IENTS.
©©©®© ® ® ® ® ®®®®®®©®®®®®®®®®© ®.® ® ®® ® ®
I CURED OF RHEUMATISM, j
® AJLiM.r&-RRkJLIK9 @
© • ®
©¥ : ©
® /~?$& <ST\ J affl eS Begne of Tres Pinos, I
© ililiiaf ' Cured °* Rheumatism §
I fR Ir /A After Suffering 34 Years. %
® Tpfiffafjr^ \V 1 DR - A - T - SANDEN— Dear Sir: I stand ®
0 BaBSrV • «j*. * jff ready to testify to having been cured of jT
ts -- 'Safe * d. taJk^SL- **"*"it*jW rheumatism of thirty-four years' ' standing ©
W. HJf. i P V by your "Dr. Sanden's Electric" Belt." It /yi
(5) KjT 1 \ i — » 'JS»jpgEa has completely cured me after doctors am] w
~Z DV v --» 7 jSSW^Ui'^S remedies had failed, for which lam very ®
® 3 i\^ ' _, / jffirff&'SSZr thankful and will he more than pleased to ,->.
/-, ■ fl^ ' I / HbPL*' make it known to any one who is troubled W
- I *A ,1 t -/ I m*StieSBmXmr^ as 1 was. I was also suffering with indl- ,-,
® I 'SVv V/«HiA^>'- J^EffiraSSißt/A trestlon and heart trouble of the worst kind. ®
/-i - K^r«iE\^ i t'=/ MHBSBBHBHIiy lam now entirely free from pain and feel (i)
® I v " aSm^tt^-S^rWßlfp>ff^KnHm^ better than I have for thirty-four years ~
© & 3K&n33UH M— ™f My \vi: " wore the Belt for a short time ®
X ißgbK and I am pleased to say It has done more /=\
® kR^L J for hor than me(iirlne c- medical aid could U
Hj^wv *J?».VlXs^fc' '"V''^ i ira^ r • 3 ever (3 °- I honestly recommend the Belt to ®
r i> Oar > *-v'^y7V>^^d:^s*f^a (l " sufferers, and feel confident It will ac- X
® V^' Vhit^' * l^S^fimi*®' compllsh what it has done for me. Yours ©
very truly, JAMES BEGUE. ®
® Tres Pinos. Cal. Z^
I Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. ':
®. . ®
® There is nothing so penetrating, nothing- so invigorating, nothing- that ®
/jy will relieve the pain and stiffness as speedily as DR. SANDEN'S ELEC- ®
rT TRIC BELT. Its cures are numbered by the thousands. Every day ®
® brings fresh proof of its power. If you have . Rheumatism, T iit Ytill.ll, (g\
® Sciatica, Lumbago or "Weakness in the Nerves or Vital Organs, you )X
® ought to consult Dr. Sanden. He will tell you whether his Belt will cure ®
/y. you and give you advice free. If you cannot call, send for the free ®
/yv book, "Three Classes of Men," which will be sent sealed to address for ®
b: the asking. Don't put it off. Act to-day. . There is nothing more im- (?)
w portant than your health. Call or address _~
1 DR. A. T. SANDEN, * — — - — — ®
® 702 Market Street, Corner Ketrny, Ban Fr»n«i«()o. NOT IN DRUG STORES. ®
(Si Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 10 — — S/-v
X. to L Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 232 Wen , Dr. Sfcnden'n Electric Belt w
® Second street; Portland, Or.. 253 Washington '■ never sold in drug store* ®
/S\ street; Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth strset; "or by traveling agent*; only j
w Dallas, Tex.. 285 Main street; Butte, Mont., «t our office. ®
® 110 North Main street. *• — — — /yj
®@ ®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®@©©©©®®®®®®®
Because Ripans Tabules are not to be found,
in every drug store, a man who needs them some-
times has to send for them to the manufacturers,
although the druggist will generally get them if
the customer insists. "I would not be without
Ripans Tabules for any money," writes an engi-
neer of the Houston & Texas Central R. R.;
for every disturbance of the stomach they are the
best remedy I ever heard of in this world."
PROBABLY THE
MARIA TERESA
Steamer Stuck on a Cat
Island Reef.
FIERCE GALE STILL BLOWING
IMPOSSIBLE TO LEARN MORE
ABOUT HER.
Should the Vessel Prove to Be the
Spanish Cruiser Every Effort
Will Be Made to Save
Her.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
NASSAU, N. P., Nov. B.— A large
steamer with two masts and two fun
nels, which is believed to be the aban
doned Spanish cruiser Infanta Maria
Teresa, is reported to be lodeed on a
reef north of Cat Island. A second gale
is blowing, and it is impossible to learn
about her. Saturday was the last day
she was heard from. She was then
tvo miles off shore. Persons are ready
to board her when the weather moder
ates.
NORFOLK. Va., Nov. B.— The Merritt
Wrecking Com-anv has received infor
mation that the Maria Teresa is ashore
at Cat Island. Captain Chittenden will
leave with the steamer Merritt at once.
The tele ram came from I. J. Merritt,
New York, and reads as follows:
"Teresa ashore on Cat Island. Hold
Merritt with crew and apparatus; also
Captain Chittenden."
The Merritt was to have left for New
York this afternoon, but that order was
revoked, and preparations are now
making to start for Cat Island. The
Navy Department at Washington has
been notified.
WASHINGTON, Nov. B.— The Navy
Department is without advices con
cerning the Maria Teresa, but, acting
on the newspapers' reports of her
stranding on Cat Island in the Wat
ling Island group, has sent orders to
the Vulcan* at Norfolk and the Poto
mac at Santiago to leave immediately
for Cat Island, and if the vessel is
found to do everything possible to save
her. The expedition will be under con
trol of Captain McCalla, who com
manded the Marblehead in the Spanish
war, and is now in charge of the Nor
folk navy-yard. The Vulcan should
reach the scene in forty-eight hours
and the Potomac in less time.
ADVTBTISEMENTS. . 
■ View from Cliff House, San Francisco. ffl
= (They all smoke Seal.") ■■
S " ■..'-•. *';■ ' %*
I The Seal of Approval has been I
I placed on I
§ Seal of North Carolina 1
_ ,
| Smoking Tobacco by a generation 1
1 of pipe-smokers, whose common i
j sense has shown them its superior- I
I ity over all common kinds* It tastes 'g
| better and better as you smoke it B
I longer Have you tried it g
| "7"he Original Plug Cut— |
p I Always the same— 1
g Mild and Cool. |
; BAILBOAD TBAVZL.
•««»» » :ii i:\ I'ACIKIC cojipant.
(PACIFIC HY.STKM.)
trulu Iriitr nini »■■<• .in.- 10 nrrlve at
< . MAN I It *N« l\( ■">.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
■.e*ve — • From Nov. 3,, 1898. — , arriyi
•«:<>«* Nilts, Sau Jose and Way Stations... *«:-45j
7:00*. Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento . . . . 10:-t3>
7:OOa Marysrille, Orofilleaud Redding via
Woodland . 5:45]
7:00a Klruira. Vac&ville and Rumsey 8:49]
?:3Oa Martinez, San Uanion.Valiejo, Napa,
Caltstog* and Santa Rosa... 6:15:
S:O«a Atlantic Express, Ogileu and Kast.. »:*•">]
»t»UA Han Jose, .Stock Valley Spring,
lone, • Sacramento, Mirymi.n',
Chico. Tehama and Bail muff.... 4»13i
8:3Oa Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown.. ?:l.li
•«:30a Milton »7ils]
1»:0Oa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop. Merced -
and Fresno 12:15]
o<OOa Jfremio. Bakerslield. .Santa Knrltara,
Los Angeles. Derr.iug, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 6:43]
Fresno, Mendot*. Tracy and Mar-
' tinez 6:43 j
IO:»Oa Viili,-j.,, Martinez and Way Stations 7:43t
•l:0«p Sacramento iUverSteatnvra......... ■»:<>(>(
1:0 Op Mies, ban Jose and Way .Stations ... 1 1:15 a
San Jose, Kilt* and Way Stations... JM: tsa
2joop Niirs. Tracy, Mendota, Haofurd and
Viaalia 4:15»
....... LiTeruiore, San Jose, Nile* and Way
Stations JIO:1*A
4:OOr Martinez. Kan Ramon. Vallejo,
Nnpa, Oalistoga, HI Verano and
KRiita Itosu »tI»A
4:00p Benicia, VacaTllle, Woodland,
Ki.iglitß Landing. M«ry:;ville, Oro-
»!!!<- mill .Sacramento 1»:45a
4:SOp Haywarda, Niles and San J05e...... 7:45a
S:OWp Mariiinz, Tracy, Menduta, Fresno,
Alojaw, Santa liarbaiu and I<os
AiiKeirn 8:43 a
StOOr Hants We Koute. Atlantic Express
fur Moja»e anil Kiist 6:45p
«I5«00r "Pacific Coast Limited," El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, at.
Louis, Chicago and East {6>43p
5:30p Niles, San Jo*, Tracy, I.athri p.
: • .. Merced and Fresno.
8:30p Stockton 19:lSp
«:««!■ Kuropeaii Mail, O*-<leu and ICast.... U:43a
•6:UOp Vallejo ..." 18:13p
}7:O«p Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions }9:43p
S:<»Or Oregon |{<|irrm,Sacraiiieuto, Marys-
»ille, Holding, Portland, I'itget
> S<i 1 an.l Ka«t.... 8:lt»A
SAN I.KAMMtO AM» lUHVAUI»S LOCAL.
■ (Foot of Market Street.)
\ Jielrosr, Spminary I'nrk, -. (
,5 S £- A ■• Mtrhbnrir, Klnihur«t, * ! *!J A
■ S'SSa San Lfnn.lro,Sou«liSan 'IJ| : 1Q A
it I:«O* I-«nilro, K»(u.lillo, YlWxl
1I2:«0m ' Lorenzo, Cherry ■ (It4Br
«l:OOp »nit J2:43p
3:0Op HajTrardß. • (3:-I.lp
7:00p i Runs through to Niles. 7:45r
) t From Niles. ' [
COAST VISION (Narrow (iniigr).
. . (Foot of Market Street.)
8:13a Newark, Centenille. San Jose.Fel ton.
Boulder Creek, Santa Oruz and Way
Stations Bt3«p
*2tlSp Newark, Couterrillo, San Jose, New
AlmadeD, Felton, Moulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •IO:»Oa
4:l3i> Newark. San Jose and LosOatos... 9:20a
' tl I>4sp Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way BUUOIIB t?:80r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIX mMOISOO— Foot of Market Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:16 '.):!«> 11:00 (1:00 »8:00 • 13:08
•1:00 *S:SO •6:00e.M. ,
FroaOllltU— fati orßroidwiy.— *6:00 8:00 10:00a.m.
112:00 ' •1:00 12:00 "3:00 |i:O9 "8:00p.m.
COAST IH VISION (Itroad(Jauge).
(Third and Townaend Sta.)
7:0Oa Ban .lose and Way SUtlims (New
Almadoii Wednesdays only) 1:30/
ESiOOa Run Juno, Tien l'ln<». Siutii Criu:.
Piicillc (Jrove, I' M ,» Uol-les, San
l.uiH oliinpn. Uuadalupe, Surf and
l'l icipal Way .■Stutimis 4:lOr
I«:4«a Kim .lime mid Way Stations *»:«tOi
II::i«a San Jose and Way Stations 8>35«
■ii:43r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Sun .i,.., ,
. Gilrny. HollUtur, Santa Urns,
. • ■' Salinas, Monterey and -Pad lie -
Orore... ..........". *lO:3e>
*S:S*p San .lose and Way Stations # »:«Oji
♦i:lsr San Jose anil Principal Way Stations 0:45*
•.1:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:354
, 3«3«r Han Jose an.! Principal Way Stations 5:3«l
»!3OrBaii Jose and Way Stations 7:3«1
t11:45r San Jose and Way Stations ..... 7iBOi
• . A for Morning.- : ' P for Afternoon.
•*ui»layi» excepte.l. t Sundays only, ♦ Saturdays only
TMoadayianrt Thuntdays. §3aturdays and Wednesdays
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
„ ' Via SauMUto Ferry.
FROM SAN FKA.Ni TO. MILL VALLET
* ; AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— '7:2O. *9:30. 11:00. a. m. ; »1:45,
3:43. 5:15, •6:00." 6:30 p. m. : ■• "
i;.\TRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *B:OO, '10:00, •11:30 a. m. ; •1:15,
3:00,.*4:30, 6:15 p. m..
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *6:55, 7:43, »9:30 a. m.
•12:20.- 2:20. *3:45, 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, "Wednesdays
and" Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. »8:00, 'IO^O, '11:55 a, rn.;
•1:15, »3:10, 4:40, »6:20 p. m. .
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
I). 2:20, '3:45, 5:05 p. m. SAN FRANCISCO.
TRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
Saturdays at 6:40 p. in.
KDATB— SJO, •S:*), »10:00. 'll^o a. rn.;
•3:10, 4:40, »6:20 p. m.
Lins marked • start from San Quentin.
M MILL VALLEY TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45, 7:55, , 9:40 a. m.;
12:35, 2:45, 3:50, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS :■ on . Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m. : 12:05, 1:20. 3:20,
5:00, 6:20 p. m. '
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a,' m. ■week days — Cazadero and. way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
■ nations.* •':
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta's.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62oKEAR3TYSiT. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases, The doctor cures when
others falL Try him. Charges low
FarMffuarantred. Callorwrite.
s>r. S. *•- MIBBOIH. Box 1057, 5aa Francisco.
RATT.BOAD TRAVEL
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
*AM FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFiJi
RAILWAY COMPANY.
tiborvc Fwiy, Feat ml Marks* Sa.
• SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:0) a. m. ; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at '1:30
and 11:30 p. m. ■ ■
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 4:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. : 12:45.
•3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays — trips at
1:56 and 6:35 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 9:40 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and ' Schuetzen ! Park
same schedule as above.
Leave . Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect ■ San Francisco.
■ October 16, . : .
Week Sun- ' Ms. Sun- j Week .'",.':
Days. days. Destination, days. I Days.'
, . !—:! — : ;• • ■
7:30 am 8:00am Novato, 10:40 am: 8:40 am
3:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma. 6:10pm;10::i .", am
5:10 pm I s:oopm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, . 10:25 am
Healdsburg, ■ . .
Lytton,
Geyserville,
i 3:3opm 8:00am . Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:22pm
Hopland and
7:3o am) 8:00am Ukiah. • 7:35 pm 6:22pm
7:30 am 10:23 am >■
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm . j 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00am Sonoma 10:40am! S:4oam
and
5:10 pm] 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm; 6:22pm
7:3oam 8:00am Sebastopol. 10:40am:10:2.1am
3:30 pm' 5:00 7:35 pm| 6:22pm,
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
Berville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the. Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs/
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at l.'kiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga,
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's. BucknelTs,
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Booneville. Orr*s
Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg
Westport. . Usal, Willitts, Laytonville. Cum-
ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia . and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. . ... .-..
On Sundays, round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. ' Chronicle bide.
H. C. WHITING, R. X RYAN*.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. '
California
Limited
Santa Fe Route
Connecting- Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY,
TUESDAY, FRIDAY. V /> s:w ■
Arrives in Chicago at 8:15 A. M. the ?
following Thursday, Saturday, •-;
and Tuesdav— Arriving in New
York at l:3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday. - . .<>~
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation • Car and Electric •
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is in Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE — Kl MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street. , •- .
San Jose Office— 7 "West Santa Clara St £%
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiI
S VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Oct. -l'j, lh-ja. . trains win run as lollowt:
South-bound. ~~~ North-bound. * .
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. IPassen- '
ger. | Sunday Sunday ger
Daily. jLxc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Daily. . *
9:2oam 9:2s amj Stockton '• 3:45pm 7-00 Dm
11:10 am 12:50 pm Merced 12:50 p£ ■SrWpS--
12:40pm i']? Fresno 9:3oam 3:45pm •
■ I:3B pia 6 45pm Hanford 7:4r,am * -40 urn
4:2Dpmll:u9pm Bakersfield 2^o am 1210
1:58 pm 7:sopm .yfalla 6aoam JiJopS
Stopping at intermediate -points as required '
Connpctions-At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco at 6p. m. daily ' ' : -
«ceptlng. Sunday. and ; Stockton at 7:15 p. m. }~l
' For stage connections see official tim» table ' "
or Inquire at Traffic Manager's Offlc» 321 Mar! . _
ket street, San Francisco. '
• MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWwT \
. (Via Sausalito Ferry ) . ' i'-M
SepifM. m": Fran » ClSC °- commencing Sunday. >
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m. ' 'I .;ALAMEDA`S VOTE.
She Joins in the Train
of Gage and Neff,
Indications Point to the Election
of the Entire Republican
State Ticket and Many of
the County Officers.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Nov. 8.
Afaneda County was entirely given over
tn To-day's election. Business was prac
tically suspended, not a city or county of
ficer could be found In any of the depart
jnents, and everybody either took advan
tage of the holiday to stay at home or
tame out on the streets to do politics.
Every hack and buggy that could be
pressed into service was chartered by the
candidates. If anybody walked to the
{■oils It was not because half a dozen con
veyances were not placed at hia disposal,
It was a good day for dealers In horse
Jflesh and the candidates were indeed gen
erous, more so than usual.
It was a good voting day, warm and
genial, and just such a day as curbstone
(politicians delight In, and yet the vote
■Vas.not a large one, even for a year not a
[Presidential year. The heaviest voting
t-ivas done •■' ire noon, but in some pre
krinote. especially in the aristocratic Fifth
'^Yard. with over 200 names, less than 100
(exercised their right to vote. The day
•was almost devoid of excitement, except
»of " that suppressed kind, which la a
•natural accompaniment of an election.
[workers were to be found everywhere and
[toward the time for closing the polls the
tetreets and sidewalks were a mass of dis
carded tickets, circulars, badges, slips and
other campaign accessories. Certainly no
"other campaign has been characterized by
[6Uch an. enormous amount of printed and
dllustrated matter. Every candidate,
without exception, even to the Independ
ent seekers after obscure constableshtps,
«caivred his pictures around like hail.
I^.-=:ead 0/ voting inside the old City
Hal/, as in former years, a booth was
erected on the sidewalk and it was labeled
"New City Hall." This little pleasantry
attracted almost as much attention as the
names on the ballots. In East Oakland a
remnant of the Hilborn-Metcalf unpleas
antness was in evidence and the Hilborn
men were very anxious to let Frank Jor
dan's friends know that they were not
voting for him. But the County Clerk's
followers were more in evidence than his
opponents.
In the Fourth and Sixth wards the
great battle was between Church and
(ilascock for Supervisor. Each man put
up a good organization and fought until
tne polls closed as eagerly as any eager
candidate could. In Berkeley Charles
Spear and A. K. Grim fought each other,
and each had an army of workers sys
tematically staked out. The street rail
road boys were solid for Grim, and to
their energetic work he owes three-quar
ters of all the votes cast for him.
On the whole, the election was very or
derly and quiet.
At Emeryville the racetrack employes
voted in great numbers, and there were
over one hundred challenges in the pre
cinct. All but three, however, swore in
their votes, and although there was a lit
tle excitement there was nothing disor
derly. Throughout the county everything
■was as quiet as in the city.
Jin the Seventh Ward Dr. Carpenter of
.llameda and Councilman Pringle had a
.^ttle scrap and the doctor, who is a uep-
Ay constable, placed the Councilman
under arrest. The matter was settled
amicably.
The State Republican ticket has proba
bly received Its normal majority of from
?000 to 4000 in this county. At 2 o'clock
this morning less than half of the ballots
.had, been counted, and Gage was leading
by-< r *bout 1600. At this ratio his majority
over Maguire should be about 3500. J. H.
> T eff will probably run ahead or these fig
ures about 500.
Victor Metcalf is running very strongly
for Congress, and his majority over Jones
Is estimated at from 4000 to 6000.
At 1 o'clock this morning the figures
•were: Gage, 5300; Maguire, 3550;; Hutchi
son, 3440; Neff. 5,530.
Secretary of State — Curry 4620; Thorn
eon, 4565.
For Justices— Conley, 3890; McFarland,
4380; Van Dyke, 4086; Van Fleet, 4088.
Board or Equalization— Alex Brown,
£52*; Thomas Scott. 3581.
Railroad Commissioners— N. Woodstock,
4911; J. H. Dryden. 3005.
Johnston will probably receive a major
ity of 2500 for State Printer, and the other
candidates on the State ticket will have
majorities varying from 1500 to 2800.
There were some surprises as the vote
progressed on the Alameda County ticket.
The candidates ■ elected are probably:
Sheriff. Oscar Rogers (R.); District At
torney, J. J. Allen (R.); County Clerk. F.
C. Jordan (R.); Assessor, H. P. Dalton
(R.); Treasurer. A. Feldlcr (R. Tax
Collactor, J. Barber (R.) ; Recorder, A. K.
Grim (Ind. R.); -Superintendent of Schools,
T. O. Crawford (D.): Coroner, McManus
(D.) or Dr. Mehrmann (R.); Public Ad
ministrator, B. C. Hawes (R.); Auditor,
J. Cal Ewlng (R.); Surveyor, G. L. Nus
baumer (R.); for city Justices .of the
Peace J. w. Stetson and Mortimer Smith
are almost certainly elected.
Not until all the votes are counted can it
be decided who has been elected Supervis
ors. Church and Olascock are level In
the Third District and Talcott leads
Heyer slightly in the Second District. The
large vote given to A. K. Grim, the Inde
pendent Republican " candidate ' for Re
corder, was somewhat of a surprise. All
the street railroad men organized to help
him and the amount of campaigning 700
car men can do Is shown by Grim's votes.
-Cames McManus, the Democratic can
didate for Coroner, polled a much larger
vote than It was expected he would, and
not until the count is ended can it be cer
tain whether he or Dr. Mehrmann has
come out a winner.
ALAMEDA VOTED SHORT,
BUT VOTED WELL
From Indications Nearly All or the
Officers Will Be Be
publicans.
ALAMEDA, Nov. The vote of Ala
meda this year fair about two hundred
short of that of 1896. From indications
the Republican nominees, , with the ex- j
ception of T. €. Stoddard for County
Clerk, have carried this city by satisfac
tory majorities.
Gage has fully seven hundred majority.
Jones, for Congress, made no showing
■whatever agalnßt Metcalf. E. K. Taylor j
for the Senate from the Twenty-eighth
District, < has run ahead of his ticket. ;
Tobin polling a very small vote.
J. R. Knowland for the Assembly, has ;
beaten E. A. Holman fully four to one.
The Supervisorial contests are close. J.
R. Tnlcott will go out of this city with a
majority of 100 over Heyer, the normal
Republican majority in this section being
five hundred. ,
W. H. Church and J. R. Glascock are
running neck and neck with the odds In
favor of Church leaving this city with a
small majority. George Lovegrove
(Ind.) cuts little figure in the fight.
In the Sheriff's. fight Oscar Rogers has
a walkover, 90 per cent- of the ballots be
ing in his favor. T. C. Stoddard developed
great strength all over the city and it is
generally conceded that he will beat Jordan
oy, about two hundred. J Jordan polled the
heV'ic-st vote in the section which is part
of Church's Supervisorial District.
Jflnru'B B. Barber for Tax Collector has
ruri ahead of his ticket. O. A. Lane did
not poll the strength of the Democratic
vot£. Spear seems to leaJ in the Record
er's fight, with Grim a good second and
McDonouirh far in the rear. .
The Call's DredJcUona qa tb,» township
contest were fully verified by the vote. I
i Morris defeated Hard fur Justice by fully !
, eight hundred. Gray and Clark are '
elected Constables, but the latter dropped
considerably behind his ticket. \
While intense interest was mani- t
rested in the election here to-day. '
j there was not a single instance of [
disturbance or friction of any kind re
: ported from the thirteen polling places.
The claim made by the chairman of tlpe (
county committee of the Unionists that
: there were TOO illegal voters on the Ala- :
; meda precinct registers was nut Bubstan- f
i tiated. There was no evidence of stuffing
i and but very little challenging. The elec- '
i tion laws were obeyed to the letter.
The peculiar feature of the contest was j
the fact that in no case was a concen- '
trated effort made by the partisans of the I
different parties to boost their entire
ticket. Invariably the workers had se
lected some favorite nominee and were
devoting their attention to bis success. '
At all the polling places T. C. Stoddard, !
Democratic candidate for County Clerk !
had numerous representatives, while only !
In isolated cases was anything being!
done for his opponent. Frank C. Jordan
The Republicans devoted their a
tibns to the Supervisorial contests. Act- I
Ingr on the theory that Alameda is nor
mally three to one Kepublican. they al- '
jowed the county ticket tv take care of
Itself.
In the Alameda section of the Third ,
Supervisorial District W. H. Church's i
friends were unusually active. John R '
Qlascock, Democrat, was not as well i
represented.
The partisans of J. R. Talcott. Republi
can, and Charles Heyer. Democrat, Su- i
pervisorial candidates from the S.-ccnd :
District, put up the liveliest fight of tht
day.
A QUIET DAY IN
THE COLLEGE TOWN
Students Took a Marked Interest in
the Progress of Af
fairs.
BERKELEY. Nov. B.— Nothing of im
portance marked the polling to-day In
the university town. Interest centered
chiefly at Berkeley station, in the busi
ness portion of the city, where the high
eat vote was reached. The struggle be
tween Charles Spear and A. K. Grim
candidates for County Recorder, became
acute there. The independent candi
date a supporters made this their strong
hold, and polled a heavy vote in his favor.
In the outlying precincts everything re
mained very quiet throughout the entire
day. The members of the Gage Club of
the University of California worked hard
for their party in securing a full represen
tation of students ;it tbe polls.
Many of the stuflents returned to their
own homes to cast their votes. Center
street, by Berkeley station, was tbconged
with hundreds of people till a very late
hour to-night watching the election re^
turns comein.
LOWER HOUSE
OF CONGRESS
IS 4N DOUBT
Continued From Page Seven.
•James F. Stewart, R.; Seventh, Wil
liam D. Daly, D.; Eighth, "Charles
I^ew York (incomplete) — Second, John
Fitzgerald, D.; Third, 'Edmund H.
iggs, D.; Fifth, F. E. Wilson, D.;
:th, Mitchell May, D.; Seventh,
?holas Muller, D. ; Eighth, Daniel
Riordan, D. ; Ninth, 'Thomas J.
idley, D.; Tenth, 'Amos J. Cum
igs, D.; Eleventh, •William Sulzer,
Twelfth, 'George B. McClellan, D.;
irteenth, Jefferson M. Levy, D. ;
Fourteenth, William Astor Chanler, D.;
Fifteenth, "Philip B. Lowe, R. ; Seven
teenth, A. S. Tompkins, R.; Eighteenth,
•John H.'Ketcham, R. ; Twentieth. Mar
tin H. Glynn, D.; Twenty-first, John K.
Stewart, R. ; Twenty-sixth, "George W.
Ray, R.; Thirty-first, James M. E.
•forth Carolina— First, John H. Small,
Second, 'George H. White. R. :
ird, Charles R. Thomas, D. ; Fourth
J. W. Atwater, D.; Fifth, William W.
Kitchen, D.; Sixth, John D. Bellamy,!
D.; Seventh, Theodore F. Klutty. D.:
Eighth. *Romulus Z. Llnney, R.; Ninth,
W. T. Crawford, D.
Pennsylvania 'incomplete)— At large,
•Galusha A. Grow, R.; 'Samuel A. Dav
enport, R. ; First, Henry H. Bingham. j
R. : Second, 'Robert Adams Jr.. R •
Third, 'William MoAleer, D. ; Fourth', I
James R. Young R.; Fifth. Alfred C.
Harmer, R.; Sixth, 'Thomas S. Butlor.
R. ; Seventh, *Irving P. Wagner, R. ; I
Eighth, 'David B. liarl.tr. D. ; Ninth. i
•Daniel Ermentrout, D. ; Tenth!
•Marriott Brosius, R. ; Twelfth. »Mnr
gan B. Williams, R. ; Fourteenth, 'Mar
tin E. Olmsted, R.; Fifteenth. Charles 1
■ Wright, R.; Sixteenth, 'Horace B. I
cker, R. ; Eighteenth, *Thaddeus M. '
.hon, R.; Twentieth, Joseph E.
Thropp, R.; Twenty-first, S. M. Jack.]
R. ; Twenty-second, 'John Dalzell. R.;
Twenty-third, William H. Graham. I:.: ,
Twenty-fourth, 'Ernest F. Acheson. R. : j
Twenty-fifth, *Joseph B. Showalter. R. ; !
Twenty-sixth, George E. Higpins, R.; j
Twenty-seventh, Joseph C. Sibley. D. ;
Twenty-eighth, James K. P. Hall. D.
Tennessee (incomplete) — First, 'Wal
ter P. Brownlow, R.; Second, 'Henry
R. Gibson, R. ; Third, 'John A. Moon.
D. ; Fifth, 'James D. Richardson, D. ;
Sixth, 'James W. Games, D. ; Seventh, I
•Nicholas N. Cox. D.; Eighth, *Thetus
W. Sims, D.; Ninth, 'Rice A. Pierce, 1 >. j
Virginia (Incomplete) — First, *Wtt- !
Ham A. Jones, D. ; Second, • William A. j
Young, D. ; Third, 'John Lamb, D. ;
Fourth, 'Sydney P. Epes. D.; Fifth.!
•Claude A. Swanson, D. ; Sixth, 'Peter
J Otey, D. ; Seventh, 'James Hay, D. ;
Eighth, 'John F. Rixey D.; Tenth, J. ]
M. Quarles, D.
Wisconsin (incomplete — First.
•Henry A. Cooper, R. ; Third, 'Joseph
W. Babcock. R,: Fourth, 'Theobold Ot- j
jen, R.; Fifth, 'Samuel S. Barney, R.;
Eighth, *Edward S. Minor. R.
SENATE AND HOUSE
WILL BE REPUBLICAN
CHICAGO, Nov. B.— Returns received j
by the Inter Ocean up to midnight mdi- \
cate that In the Fifty-sixth Congress |
the Republicans will control the House j
of Representatives and increase the !
membership in the Senate by from six
to eight.
According to the official claßsiflcationj
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1898.
of the Senate, it contains at present 44
Republicans, 34 Democrats, 5 Populists,
4 Sllverltes nd% 1 Independent. Classified
as gold and silver men, the body stands
equally divided — 45 to 45. A more fitting
classification, however, gives the sil
verltes a majority of ten on any test
question in which the financial princi
ples of the Democratic party are In
volved. It is possible that after the
4th of March, 1899, the silver men will be
in the minority.
The House of Representatives in the
present Congress has a Republican
majority of fifty-five in all. This large
majority will be reduced by the result
of to-day's voting, but Speaker Reed
will be re-elected and have a majority
of members with him.
The losses sustained in Illinois, Indi
ana and Kentucky have surprised the
Republican leaders. In this city, on
the face of the returns at 12:30 o'clock
this (Wednesday) morning, the Demo
crats have elected Johnson in the Sec
ond, Cusack in tha Fourth, Noonan in
the Fifth and Hoechster in the Seventh
districts, but by majorities so small
that the official count may be necessary
to determine the results.
USES FOR FINGER RINGS.
Rings have been made for almost all
purposes. Thus we find cramp rings,
said not only to cure cramp, but to pre
vent its return; amulet rings, infallible
protectors against the "evil eye"; as
tronomical, dial and zodiacal rings;
JUST LIKE OLD ELECTION SCENES.
Senatorial Candidates Dennery and Ashe Nearly Come to Blows in the Lively
Tenderloin.
j. "[ T looked like "doing:" old-time politics in Precinct 2of the Forty-third Assembly District, the polling place
•. I of which was located on Stockton street, between O'Farrell and Ellis. Sluggers, white and black, and the speedy
A male members of the tenderloin were out in full force and formed the "push" for several candidates. Fights were
>) by no means infrequent. The main contest lay between the opposing candidates for the honors of State Senator. Leon
• Dennery and R. Porter Ashe. In fact, the spirit of opposition was so strong- that at one time the principals them
•) selves came very nearly getting- mixed up In a, personal encounter.
>) The trouble started early in the day when the rivals' supporters took exceptions to each other's methods in and
•) near tin- booth. These little differences resulted in scraps between John Taylor and Ed Rilcy. Both men were ar
ij rested for disturbing the peace. The spirit of war excited the others and in a short time half a dozen settos
>) took place, none of which resulted very seriously. It was a nasty tempered crowd, ;ind the animus of the work
m crts soon spread to the principals themselves.
ij The real trouble came about in this manner: Dennery and Ashe were told that the other party was getting the
j) best of affairs in the booth, the charge being that the rival push was coercing voters, oven within the sacred pre
) cincts of the voting place. Names wore called from opposite sides of the crowd and each waa anxioua to get at the
) other, well knowing that their respective friends would not permit things to go too far.
) While the principals were venting their rage upon the atmosphere their followers were working themselves
■) into a condition that might have meant riot, had there not been so many policemen handy. At last the two
) chiefs got close together and there was a rush. For a second or two it seemed as though a lively scrimmage would
) result. However, friends and the officers got between the men and the blows intended for each other's noses
) simply fanned the air.
) A couple of mahogany-colored plug-uglies, believing that they would be serving the interests of their candidate,
) waited outside of a cigar store in order to have a go at Ashe, but they were called to their senses by some good ad
) vice and Mr. Ashe's face was saved from being injured.
) During the most of the day J. Nealon was engineering the fight in this precinct for Mr. Ashe and "Zeke" Abra
) haras conducted affairs for Mr. Dennery. While they were watching the voting a large number of the rough element
("undertook to make things very lively in the old-fashioned manner. Throughout the afternoon little personal encoun
) tors took place all the way from the booth to O'Farrell street. It was a punch on the nose or eye and a breakaway.
) When a known enemy could not be found any stranger would do to stop a straight from the shoulder and these
) affairs were begun so quietly and ended so quickly that the police found no opportunity to do anything but scat
) ter the crowd.
\ Sergeant Shea and four officers were kept busy all day driving the people from the immediate vicinity of the poll
> ing booth, and the scrappers were therefore not seriously molested in their occupation of punching noiiCiß.
) "It is just like the good olden times down near the What Cheer House on Sacramento street," remarked Rob
i crt Ferral, who was watching and enjoying the revived political spirit of twenty-five years ago. It was really a hot
> time.
i There were IS9 names on the precinct register and when the polls closed at sundown lE3 had voted.
garter rings and puzzle rings; rings
for novitiates taking the veil— these are
usually of gold set kh a sapphire;
rings for diplomats signalizing the of
ficial standing of the wearer; rings for
poets, pilgrims, lawyers and clerics;
squirt and poison rings made so that
they couiu contain vegetable poisons of
the most deadly kind, which could be
injected by slightly scratching the .
skin of the person whose hand the
wearer grasped; whistle and key rings,
both useful; motto rings, by which lov
ers gave vent to their passions, and'
love-knot rings and geme i rings, thu
last made of two or three links inter
twined, which could be joined together |
in such a manner as to form one
ring. — Woman's Home Companion.
A FAROE VILLAGE.
Here and there an old man sits at his
cottage door mending his rakes or fit
ting the short straight blade of his
scythe to Its long wooden handle.
The village carpenter has finished his
day's work on the boa,* which he is
building, and is carrying in what re
mains of the wood and of the woolen
yarn with which he calks the seams.
Perhaps a man may be seen in sump
corner chopping up a hard black mass
with an ax. The mass is di^ed whale's
llesh. and he will boil it down for his
cow to eat, for he has been too busy
all day in the hayfleld to take her be
yond the wnli to pasture.
Behind little walls, built half of stone
and half of whales' skulls, huge black
caldrons of fish oil, each presided over
by a woman or a child, are steaming
on fires of peat or of fresh whales'
bones. On the shore some men and
boys, who have been out to catch saith
or to shoot a few puffins for their even
ing meal are dragging up their long,
narrow boat over rollers of whales'
rib?. Round the houses, or where they
lare in the steep hayfields, the children
ire lumping-; the younger among them
dragging about the bones .from the
whales' backs like toy carts, though
mrts are things which they have never
iteen. On some patch tHat is already !
juuwu the alder ones play, at a game I
called "sheepdogs," which may have
originated from (or given origin to) the
game of cricket, although the bat is
but a plank of wood and the ball a ring
of sheeps' horns fitting into one an
other.—Blackwood's Magazine.
ABOUT GLASS EYES.
The popular Idea is that the artificial
eye Is in the form of a sphere and com
pletely fills a cavity after the removal
of the natural organ. In point of fact,
the glass eye has about the same shape
as a portion of an eggshell cut off very
close to the smaller end. The white of
the glass eye is one-fortieth of an inch
thick, while the cornea, or the colored
portion, is one-twentieth of an inch
thick. The use of the cnampl gives a
perfectly smooth surface, under which
are made, in exact reproduction of the
natural eye, the minute veins seen cov
ering the white portion. The cornea
has a very slight elevation, and in coloi
can be made to match any orb. The
edge of the glass is sometimes ground
and used without any further finish.
Ground edges are liable to produce irri
tation. The best glass eyes are those
which havp delicately enameled edges,
presenting, even under the microscope,
no roughness of surface in any part.
The most favorable condition for the
use of a glass eye is that in which the
organ still remains in the socket, al
thoupn shrunken and destroyed for all
purposes of sight. In the majority of
cases the oculist tries upon the patient j
. first an eye smaller than , the size re
! quired to mate with the sound eye.
This is especially necessary when the
parts are still tender. In a short time
this may.be removed and a larger sub
stituted until the required size is arriv
ied at. If there be a sufficient portion
I of the natural organ remaining, it is
I almost -Impossible to distinguish the
I glass eye from its mate.— Philadelphia'
j Times.
_^,
THE DIFFICULTIES OF AN ENGLISH
LETTER CARRIER.
For some reason or other in our little
fishing village the old residenter was
superseded by a new . postman. We re
sented the slight thrown upon the village.
One week convinced the man himself
that it was impossible for a strnngor to
deliver the letters. On Monday morning
he could not arrange his bundle. The so
called streets were not named, nor were
the houses numbered. He began by in
quring from door to door, but could not
get an owner for a letter. For he in
variably used the distinction instead of
the surname.
At length he discovered his mistake.
When he aaked for Mrs. James Euphemia
instead of Mrs. James Thompson (Eu
phemia), Mrs. Warrender (Janet) took
pity upon the "pair cralttur" and ex
plained the addresses to him. The expla
nation did not enlighten him much, for
we were not otherwise disposed to help
him. At length. In despair, he bought a
"pund o' sweeties" and went down to the
beach. He induced the boys and girla
with the promise of the "sweeties" to
take the letters to their mothers. But
he learned little by watching them, as
they dived out and in through the closes
and courts like rabbits in a warren, .by
the same means he delivered the letters
for three days, arid then asked to be re
moved. We thus scored against the au
thorities, and our old postman was re-
Btored to his place.— Chambers' Journal.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Nov. S.— Silver, 27%. Wheat car
goes off coast, less offering; cargoes on pass
age, nominally unchanged; cargoes No. 1
standard California, 335; English country mar
kets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. B.— Wheat, steady; Wheat
In Paris, dull; Flour In Paris, dull; French
country, markets, weak; weather In England,
overcast.
.COTTO^-JJplandji, jSO.
COMBATING THE TSETSE FLY.
All have heard of the ravages of the
terrible tsetse fly of Africa, which is so
fatal to cattle r.nd horses that none of
these animals can approach with im
punity the so-called "fly-belt" where
the dreaded insects congregate. This
belt commences about 100 miles from
the coast, and extends for about the
same distance up country, and the re
inforcements recently sent to Uganda
to quell the mutiny which broke out
among the Soudanese troops were com
pelled to cross it. In order to protect
their ponies two officers of the Royal
Welsh Fusiliers hit upon the device of
dressing the animals up in specially
constructed garments, which gave
them a most comical appearance, re
sembling the pantomimic creatures
seen on the stage at Christmne time.
First the ponies were swathed in
bands of straw, on the top of which
came coat and trousers of cloth dipped
in oil and iodoform. It was necessary
thus to rais^ the material from actual
contact fiom the hide of the animals,
for the tsetse fly can pierce ordinary
cloth. II will be interesting to learn
whether the ponies thus protected went
unscathed through the terrible 'fly
belt," for the experimental clothing, if
effectual, may lead to the introduc
tion of some material which may come
into regular employment for the same
object. — Chambers' Journal.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
; SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. B— u p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall in the past 24 hours:
• Past 24 This Last
Stations — Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 4.20 5.02 |
Red Blurt ................ 0 1.11 2.79 |
fc-neramento ............... 0 0.81 2.14 ,
Kan Francisco 0 1.92 2.07
1 Fresno .. 0 1.14 1.23
I Sftn Luis 0bt5p0... ....... 0 0.58 0.!56
! Los Angles ..;........... 8' 0.11 2.47
San Diepo ....0 0.07 1.07
Yuma ...... ........ ...:.... 0 0.18 . 0.77
,• San ' Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
63; minimum, 50; mean, ML
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
• FORECAST.
The weather jls cloudy , over ■ Western : Wash
ington, Northwestern Oregon \ and the plateau
region; elsewhere . It is clear.
' An | area of unusually: high pressure -overlies
the • Pacific Slope, : accompanied by r abnormally
low temperatures for this season of the year.
The temperature has risen along- the imme
diate ■; coast and fallen in the interior, - the
greatest fall being in Southwest California. •
Severe > frosts . will occur in i all .. sections of
California except the immediate coast.
The following high. winds are reported: Red
Bluff, 26 miles per hour, from the, north; Sac- !
ramento, .86, northwest; Mount Tamalpais, 30,
northeast. ii ■ .
Forecast | made at Sari " Francisco for thirty
hours ending ' midnight November 9, 189S: ■. ■:••"
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; severe
frost to-night; fresh northwest wind. - -- -v . ;
■ Southern California— Fair Wednesday; severe
forst to-night; fresh northwest wind. -
»> Nevada — Fair Wednesday. - "•V - ; *.' ■
. Utah— Partly, cloudy Wednesday. .', . \ '■':.'■■
:■ Ariaona— Fair Wednesday; . cooler; . • severe
frost to-night in the south portion. '
■ San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
warmer;. fresh north wind. ■-■
; " Mount Tamalnais— Clear; wind . north, "23
miles ; | temperature, 54; maximum temperature,
59. : . ; G. . H. WILLSON, '
.'-•■?.: ■': '.-■•-;■' .- Local Forecast Official. ':'■-.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branoh of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to vistt the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
laiormatloa can always be obtained regarding
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JUfflcTTOl TwTfeT
ADVICE TO A MOTHER!
Fullness of health, vitality and vigor make happy homes and
successful wives.
Debility, premature decay, ster ility, cause domestic misery, deser-
tion and divorce.
Don't Be a Worn-Out Woman, You Were
Intended to Be Strong.
I\O \A/OIV\ \\l Can retaln ner strength who suffers from
nvj »t \j|»lr\l> weakness and disease of the delicate and
important organs that make wifehood and motherhood possible. Do
not neglect the first indication of ill health, painful menses, pain in
the side, headache or backaciie. Vitalism will cure, drugs only irri-
tate. Take Cardine for weak heart, cerebrine for brain fag, etc.;
ovarine for amenorrhoea, hysteria, sterility; uterine for nervous ex-
haustion and premature decay. Great restoratives and vitalizers.
THE
TREATMENT
OF
1898.
Uterine wafers restore all monthly irregularities promptly, posi-
tively and permanently, when every other method fails.
Vitalism acts directly on the sensitive organs; it makes them
strong and vigorous; it prepares them to bear the burdens of mater-
nity. They are nature's own remedies.
Vitalism Makes Women New.
Those living in the city or vicinity can learn all about It by call-
ing at our office. Those living at a distance can write for full in-
formation and a free sample of Vitalism.
CORRESPONDENCE STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL.
DOCTOR ROfXEL AXD ASSOCIATED PHYSICIAN'S, 323 Kearny street. Hours, 10
to 4 and 7 to Sp. m. Sundays, 11 to 12.
, lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
j of interest to ocean commerce.
: The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
! building, at the loot of Market street. Is hoisted
; about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
' noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
eervad each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Oal.
A notice FtatinK whether the bal! was dropped
cm time or giving the error, if any, is published
in the merning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), V. S. N.. in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The hieh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 9.
Sun rises 6:46
Sun sets 5:02
Moon rises 1:57 a. m.
Feet.'
L W
v
I 0:58
1:38
2:19
| 3:00
i-.a
H W
7:4.". 4.9j 2::
8:13| 5.1| 2:'
8:43j 6.4j S: 1 .
9:121 5.7| 4::
9:51 j.^ 4::
L. W iH 1
I:X 2.9 10::
I 5:Uj 3.1 li:
1.8 8:24
1.3 8:22
0.8 10:19
0.3; 11:15
i -0.2!
It. W
6.0 5:45
5.9 6:35
3.8
3.9
2.9
4.0
i
2.:
I.!
3.
-0.7
i -14
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
i; ce l K ic China and Japan !^ OVI '
Colon iPanaraa Nov. 9
Arcata Coot Ba>- Nov. 9
North Fork iHumboldt |Nov. 9
Pomona jHumboldt [No*. 9
Curacao iM-xico [Nov. »
Cleveland (Tacoma £ov. 9
Australia Honolulu ,Nov. 9
Fanta Rosa |San Diego iNov. 9
"Wasluenaw ;Taooma [Nov. I
Oeo. W. Elder.. Portland iNov. V)
Samoa Humboldt Nov. 10
Coos Bay Newport Nov. 11
Kmpire (Coos Bay Nov. 11
Chtlkat Humboldt 'Nov. 11
Pel None Crescent City iNov. 12
Si am Nanaimo [Nov. 12
Alliance | Oregon Ports I Nov. 12
Columbia IPortland INov. 13
Corona [San Diego jNov. 13
I'matilla Victoria & Puget Sound Nov. 13
Titania j Nanaimo Nov. 13
Mackinaw ITacoma Nov. IS
( Nelson (Tacoma Nov. 15
Orizaba Newport ;Nov. 15
FtateCallforalaiPortlanrt jN'ov. 16
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. ' Destination. Saila. I Pier.
Acapulco ..iPanama iXov. 8, 12 in i'.MSa
' State of CaljPortland (Nov. >, 10 amPier U
Orizaba .... Newport (Nov. 9, 9 arnl'ier 11
i Cltv of Rio China& JapanlXov. 10, 1 pm!PMSS
I Arcata Coos Bay INov. 10. 10 amiPier 13
Pomona .... Hurr.boldt ....(Nov. 10, 2 pmjPier 9
Navarro ...JYaquina Bay. [Nov. 10. 5 pm
Santa Rosa 'San Diego Nov. 11. 11 am: Pier n
G \V ElderiP.i'tland ]Nov. 12. 10 amjPler 24
i Walla WalliVio ,fc P»rt Sd. INov. 12, 10 am Pier 9
Chtlkat .... IHumbc.ldt .... I&QV. 12, 2 pm Pier 13
( Kv-iand JPuk*-* Sound.. |Xov. 12. 9 am Pier S
Coos Bay...: Newport Nov. 13, 9 am'Pier 11
Aztec ...... China* Japan Nov. 15, i pmTMSS
Columbia ..iPortland Nov. 16, 10 am Pier 24
Corona .San Plego 'Xov.l'.. 11 anvPier II
Steamer.
Destination.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., No
vember S, 1898.
The time ball on V' tower of the new Ferry
i building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1 i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o"clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS! P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), I. S. N., in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE^
ARRIVED. ' ' :.; .
•:. Tuesday, November 8.
Stmr Whltesboro, Johnson, 39 hours from
Port Harford.
Whaling stmr Thrasher, Leavltt, 12 days frm
Fox Island. ' ■ _ •
Rtmr Albion, Daniels, 36 hours from Crescent
City ■ ' ~'' ■
stmr Sunol. Jacobs, 14 hours from Little
River
Stmr Wnlln Walla; Wallace. 61Vi hours from
Victoria and Puiet Sound* ports. - ■ .. -
Stmr j South Coast, ;Zaddart, 40 hours from
Ventura. ■-■■>■!■'■ • ".- _
Ptmr Scotia, Thompson. 64 hours from San
Pedro. ■ ~ -
Bohr Newark, Beck, IS hours from Bowens
Landing. '■■-'■ '.'■■■ „, . ',
Schr - Five Brothers, Jensen, .24 hours from
i Bihlers La°Chilena. Matsen, 9 hours from Fort
Pchr La Chllena, Matsen, 9 hours from Fort
ROS "- ■ SAILED. - . \ ■""
i--" . :. : ■ -' Tuesday, November 8.
Br stmr Matterhrrn. Williams, Portland. -.• ■;■:
' Br stmr Wellington, Salmond. ; Nanalmo.
: Stmr Acapulco, Cattarlnieh, Panama and way
ports. ■ ■;....:* ■ :
: . Stmr Whltesbcro, Johnson. •-■•;
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund. .
Stmr Mlneola, - David. Manila, via Honolulu.
Stmr Newport, Saunders, Manila, via Hono
lulu ''-■ ■ •-' ' ■'•■■ ■ ■ ' ;: ■•-■■■'
Stmr El'.hu Thomson, Eagles, Seattle.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
"■- Ftmr South Const, Zaddart.
Br ship Harland. Johnston, Liverpool.
Schr Nettle Low, Low. ; Point Reyes.
Sehr Corinthian. Kerth. . Bowens Landing.
.;.-,: ' TELEGRAPHIC.
' POINT LOBOS— Nov . '8, 10 p m— Weather
hazy j wind south. 6 miles per hour. • ; :
•■■ ' - SPOKE^
Oct 5— 12 N. 26W, Br ship Ben Lee, from.
Antwerp, - for i San : Francisco. Sept — 4 N, 19
W, ■■ Br ship ■ Ollvebank, , from \ Newcastle, Eng
land, for San - Frnnc!?co. No : date— N, ' 63W,
'Br ship - Jordanhtll. .. from .Hamburg, ■, for ; Santa
.Rosalia. " -v ■'■' " '-■ ■■•■--■-. . '. , .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Not : 7— Stmr
11
Grace Dollar, from San Pedro: schr Ida Mc-
Kay, hence Oct 25; schr Emma Utter, hence
Oct 27; schr Orient, from San Pedro.
EVERETT— SaiIed Nov B— Schr John D Tal
lant, for Shanghai.
FORT ROSS— Arrived Nov B— Schr La Chll
ena, hence Nov 4.
Palled Nov B— Pchr La Chilena. for San Fran
cisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov B— Stmr Samoa, hnc
Nov C.
Sailed Xov B— Stmr North Fork, for San
Francisco.
TILLAMOOK- Arrived Nov B— Stmr Ruth,
hence Nov 4.
BEAR HARBOR— Arrived Nov B— Stmr Cle
one, i-ence Nov 5.
Sailed Nov S— Stmr Newsboy, for Santa Bar
bara.
STEWARTS POlNT— Arrived Nov B— Schr
Archie and Fontie. hence Nov 5.
SEA riLE—A rrived Nov 7— Stmr Rival, from
Dyea: stmr Leelanaw, hence Nov 6.
PORT ANGELES— SaiIed Nov 7— Bark Em
pire, for Freemantle.
In Dort Nov S — Bark Rufua E Wood, from
Cheminus, for Sydney.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 7— Bktn
Retriever, from Shanghai.
NEWPORT (3)— Sailed Nov B— Schr Wawona.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed out Nov S— Schr
Robert Searles, from Chemalnns. for Shanghai.
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov S— Stmr Columbia,
hence Nov 6: schr Dewey returned.
Sailed Nov B— Stmr Signal, for Grays Harbor;
Br ship Clackmannshlre, for Oueenstown; Br
ship Argo, for Queenstown; stmr George W
Elder, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Nov B— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
CAN Dl E<iO— Arrived Nov B— Schr Lottie Car
eon, from Eureka.
NEWPORT (S)— Sailed Nov B~Stmr West
port, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CALETA BUENA— Arrived Nov 4— Ger ilUp
Parnasses, from Port Los Ang-eles.
TOCOPILLO— Arrived Nov 6— Br bark Mee
ley Don. from Newcastle, Australia.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Sept 28— Br ship
Cardiganshire, for San Francisco.
MAZATLAN— Arrived Oct 9— Ber ship Pera,
from Hamburg; Nov 7, Ger bark Cerastes, from
Bordeaux.
MOODY VlLLE— Sailed Nov 7— Ship Kenne
beo, for South Africa.
HONGKONG— Arrived Nov 6— Stmr City of
PfKincr. hence Oct 4. via Honolulu.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
hL^.V"', ' Steamers leave Broadway
Bij|w^ wharf. San Francisco:
!W4.^%!V For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
KPK3e»» Nov. 2. 7, 12. 17. 22, 27, Dec. 2.
llk£p«V-£a transfer at Seattle.
EBcßQjjAl For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
P«gj|T7-»«pMl c.), Port Townsend. Seattle.
r^^Stt^^J Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
; New Whatcom (Wash.), 19
■a. m.. Nov. 2, 7, 12, 17. 22, 27,
Dec 2 and every fifth day thereafter, trans-
fer at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska «nd G. N. Ry., at Tacoma to N. P.
Rv., at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Nov.
6. 10, 15. 20. 25. 30, Dec. 6, and every fifth day (
thereafter. . •■ _ • _, ,
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cavucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),,.
Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San. Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Nov. 1. 5. 9, 13, 17. 21, 25. 29,
Dec 3. and every "fourth day thereafter.
i For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo <Los Ane-eles). 11 a ,
m., Nov. 3, -7, 11. IS. 19. 23. 17. Deo. ■ 1. *aal .
every fourth. day thereafter. • •■- ;
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del •
Cabo. Mazatlan.- Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia I
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 18th of every
month. • ■ ■. .
For further Information obtain folder. '
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
arr l >Mir « nf <=alllne.
TICKET OFFIOK-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). . ' ■ .
' GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agtß..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
.
THE 0, R, & N. CO.
TISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Sp«ar-etreet Wharf at 10 a.m.
PARC $12 First Class Including Berth*
rHfIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
George W. Elder sails Nov. 3. 12. 21. 30. ',
Columbia sails Nov. 6, 15. 24, Dec. 1.
: State of California sails Nov. 9, IS. 27, Dec «.
Bhort line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the , North. west.
Through tickets to all points East. '
E. C. WARD, General Agent, •
630 Markat iuwt
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.,
BBHOWW. T ■--"'.' Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatiantique,
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS j^j^
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday
at l n *. m., from Pier 42, North «^ l u«Ji-!b-
River, foot of Morton street.
LA OASCOGNB Nov. 12
LA CHAMPAGNB Nov. 13
LA BRET.-\ONE Nov. 2S
LA TOURAINB.., Dec. %
LA GASCOGNB Dec. 10
First-olass to Havre $S0 and upward, 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havr<\ $i': 10 per cent reduction round trip
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 8 Bowlinp Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
J^^M^^Mnlltf' aUs via' Honolulu and
SBjiStf^jS* Auckland for Sydney
O\73LBW -*•-— — -^ Wednesday, November
m. Hw a QKZnrl'r, ?\ 30, at 10 p. m.
f^^'S/rSlMiriSßlO 0 Line t0 coolgar-
■-^J^^^/^nVrt'ntiii DIE - Australia and
ckss^- ' (pHIP9R-%p CAPE TOWN, south
s J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market St.; San Francisco.
BAYAiiP BIVEIt STEAMEES.
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE
Dally at 10 a. in. From San Jose daily at 3:30
p. m. Steamer Alviso, Clay-street wharf. Fare
to; San Jose,: 35c: round trip, 60c. Delightful
bay excursions. ; Telephone Main 1350. - ' (
r - FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
SteamerJ'Montlcpllo." .;.. ;-: r " •>.». ,
Mod., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
■ 3:45 a. m.. 3:15 p. 18. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thorn ■•;•
Fridays ............... Ip. m. and 8:50 p. m.j.i/.
5unday5. ........... ........10:50 a. m. ana I p. a, .
Landing and officer— Mission Dock, PUT 4 :
Teltphont Bed tUL %%?*'£££%&12
A WHITEWASH FOR
STANFORD'S TEAM
The Olympic Club's Football Eleven Wins
Its First Game This Season
Yesterday.
Olympic, 12; Stanford, 0.
WITH a line Blowing no more co
hesion or stability than stairs of
panel, the Stanford eleven waa
twice forced the complete length of
the gridiron for two touchdowns in the
football panic- yesterday afternoon at
Recreation Park, and it was the Olympic
team that administered the medicine. It
was the first victory for the clubmen this
season out of six games played.
Many excuses are given by the cardinal
for their defeat — an absence of the col
lege team ends, poor physical condition
and the determination to play nothing but
a defensive same. The playing of a pure
ly defensive game on the part of the col
lege men may have been due to the prose
cution of the coach's advice, but Harry
Cross certainly did not counsel the Stan
ford team to permit the Olympics to open
up holes between guards and tackles fit
for the entry of an entire livery stable.
The halves were but twenty minutes in
HARD LINES FOR WIVES.
Like in pnme other countries, the
mother-in-law in India is the bete noir of
the daughter-in-law's existence, says the
New York Press. Her duty of dealing
strictly with the young girl, who has -only
lately experienced a mother's petting, may
make her appear harsher than she reaily
is; yet when all has been said in her
favor. It must be candidly admitted t.iat
ah'- is excessively hard and unsympathetic
and that the girl's dislike of her is quite
reasonable. Every proverb which speaxs
of her gives expression to one and the
same sentiment— she is unpopular because
she is harsh toward her suna (pronounced
"soon"), her daughter-in-law. For a few
years at least the sasu (mother-in-law)
reigns supreme, and. as another proverb
expresses it, "The daughter-in-law must
dance to the mother-in-law's music."
In some phrases and sayings t"ne sasu is
represented as attacking her suna indi
rectly; If she did it directly she knows
the girl would complain to her parents of
harsh treatment. So she grumbles at the
cooking pots, or she lectures the fowls as
to what duties are expected of a young
THE BABIES ARE
WELL CARED FOR
Secretary Wadham of the Eureka Society
Reports in Favor of the State
Foundling Asylum
SECRETARY WADHAM of the Eureka Society for the Protection of Chil
dren yesterday afternoon formally i nvestigated the complaints that were
lodged against the management of the San Francisco Lying-in Hospital and
Foundling Asylum and found nothing in the administration of the Institution
to substantiate the charges. The ladies of the Frauen Verein have had unfavor
able reports as to the condition of the Institute referred to them and Secretary
Wadhanrs investigation was the direct result, of the benevolent interest manifest
ed by those ladies. The accusations lodged against the institute were principally
charges of neglect and lack of proper nourishment. Graphic word pictures were
submitted and it was the descriptions of the emaciated foundlings that roused the
charitable ladies to action.
The Foundling Asylum is situated at 913 Golden Gate avenue and is tinder the
management of Miss Jessie Carter and a corps of seven nurses. J. W. Ellsworth
of the Hoys' and Girls' Aid Society is the superintendent of the institution. At
present there are seventeen foundlings in the asylum, for which the State pro
vides at the monthly rate of $8 per- capita. Secretary Wadham found the home
Cleanly and neat and the snnitary conditions excellent. The little ones repose in
little white enameled iron cribs in large, airy and properly hented rooms. There
is plenty of food for the natural requirements of all the inmates and the only
thing the management feels the need of is outer clothing for the litttle ones
such as dresses and coats.
The oiily foundation for the charges brought is the miserable appearance of
the children. The babies are emaciated and scrawny. The heaviest baby, a little
fellow of ". months, weighs but W% pounds, while the light weight of the institu
tion tips the scale at 5 pounds. This pitiful condition of the little ones, however,
is but the natural sequence of the miserable conditions suiwunding their birth.
The records of the little ones show that each day spent at the asylum means
physical improvement.
The San Francisco Lying-in Hospital and Foundling Institute was founded on
the 9th of April, 1898. During its seven months of existence it has cared for thirty
foundlings and has had but one death— a record that speaks for itself.
length: had they been the full regulation
time the Olympics would have probably
scored four * touchdowns instead of two.
As it is the Olympics are parading the
town with mouths skywardly inclined at
the ends, and the Stanford facial orifice is
pretty much on the droop.
The game opened by a kick-off by the
Olympics. The next play was a punt by
Murpby to Mcl.aine on the Olympic forty
yard line. Then the clubmen began to
shed their skins and play ball. First,
Morse, tht-n Sheehy or Wilson or Atkinson
was given the pigskin and they hammered
the unsticky line of the cardinal for
steady, regular gains until the cardinal
team was forced to their own ten-yard
line. Then something happened, which
for its unexpectedness and inconsistency
filled the l'w spectators with wonderment
and genuine surprise. The Stanford line.
wonderful to relate, actually made a stand
against the Olympics and captured the
bail on downs.
Murphy, after three successful tries
were made by the Stanford backs, punted
to the center. It was then the Olympic's
ball and Code gave the signal which
placed the ball In the hands of Eugene
wife; but It is all meant as a cap to fit
the daughter-in-law's head. Hence it is
Bald: "The words art addressed to the
fowls, but the daughter-in-law takes no
tice of them;" and again. "Talking: to the
saucepans, it affects the daughter-in
law."
If the young wife has any spirit left in
her this continual nagging ran have only
one effect. It develops a rebellious course
of behavior, and it makes her thoroughly
detest the home she is in and all the peo
ple belonging to it.
Of the two homes with which the young
■wife is connected her mother's is the one
she loves, her mother-in-law's the one
she dislikes. "Thorns prick her." it is
said, "on going to her mother-in-law's;
but she feels delight in coming to her
mother's." In the latter home she is
Bure of affection and of freedom from
drudgery, and a willing ear will he lent
to her tale of bickerings, quarrels and ill
treatment. "Happiness in a mother's
house, pain in a mother-in-law's," is an
other proverb to the same effect.
The young wife has one consolation; it
is that the sasu does not live forever. A
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1898.
Sheehy, who broke through the linear op
m, tore himself free from the
dutches of Rice and Murphy, and wont
Bailing toward the Stanford goal line. He
,1 thirty ya 8 he was
downed, the tackier being Bice, who was
toppled orer on the line. Sheehy was the
star of the game, finding it but very lit
tle of a trick to shatter tho Stanford line
at will. Morse for the Olympics scored the
two touchdowns, from which he kicked
goals. His playing was of the rame bril
liant character, as in the former games of
the season. . , ..
Stanford did not have possession of Ihe
baH a dozen times during the game They
did not try offensive work, and though
they attempted a defensive game, there
was little of that to be noticed. Ihe sec- i
ond touchdown was made very much liko
the first. The clubmen banged away at
the Stanford line and seemed to enjoy the
result very much. At the close of the
game Murphy tried a drop kick for goal
from the thirty-yard line, but missed the
mark by a few feet. ..
For the first time this season there
seemed to be among the spectators a num
ber of Olympians, who cheered the efforts
of their team. Victory begets friends and
the Olympics won the applause yesterday.
The referee was Harry P. Cross and the
umpire. Jules Frankenheimer.
The teams lined up as follows:
Olympic. Position. Stanford.
Tomlinson R— End— L. McFiul l.n
H— Tackle— l> Rusk
Sexton R— Guard— L James
or McKlnnon
Bandy < "entpr Gilinan
Hi bba Lr— Guard— R Blanchnrd
Erekine I,— Tackle— R Wilson
McLaine l^— Rnd— R Rice
Code Quarter Murphy
Hone R— H:i!fbaok— L Clinton
Wilson L— Halfback— R Fislu-r
Atkinson Fullback Hill
day comes when the sasu gets old and
infirm, and, although there is no little
kindness and gentleness in the average
Hindoo homes, yet the aged cues among
the people do not always receive the care
they mij. r ht. So. as the sasu gets old, or,
when her husband dies and she becomes a
widow, the daughter-in-law has a fair op
portunity of practicing "tit for tat."
As years pass by the wife finds her
self grown to middle age, with sons about
her, for one of whom a young wife is
soon brought home, and she in her turn
becomes a sasu. All the unpleasantness
she herself had to bear when first mar
ried might be expecud to awaken a iit
tle sympathy in her mind for the girl
br. >ught to her to train; but, human ga
ture being what it is, no sooner does she
i.ecome a sasu Than she begins to look
b&ck on the treatment she received as
being quite correct after all, and straight
way she begins to practice it herself.
For it Is said: "On becoming a mother
in-law the torment of being a daughter
in-law is forgotten!"
SNAKE YARNS FROM ARIZONA.
The mining: camp of Kingman was re
cently invaded by a host of rattlesnakes,
creating great consternation among the
people. Snakes were discovered^ in beds
and made desperate fights when tackled
by the owners. People sleeping outdoors
narrowly missed a violent death from the
poisonous fangs of the serpents. The
snakes wiggled through the crevices of
the tight board fences, and were caught
while endeavoring to enter the houses.
People have taken to sleeping upstairs,
and a band stand and pavilion are crowd
ed every night by sleepers who dare not
risk sleeping on the bare ground. A spell
of unusually warm weather Is thought to
be the cause of the snakes leaving their
rocky fastnesses for a cooler abode in the
settlement.
A man at Mesa City has a petGila mon
ster. He let it go about six weeks ago in
order that it might shed its skin, as is its
annual custom. The other day it returned
to its usual haunts looking thoroughly re
juvenated. Its owner gave it a bath, aft
er which it made a break for its feed box,
where it has been in the habit of eating
eggs and other luxuries.
.Toads grow to an abnormal size in
Southern Arizona, and often exhibit a
preternatural intelligence. Recently the
arc lights were started at Mesa. City, and
myriads of bugs are in consequence at
tracted at night by the glare. The toads
have discovered this new source of sup
ply, and eat the bugs that fall to the
ground as rapidly as they come within
reach. It is supposed that the new diet
has created an unnatural thirst, and in
looking around for a source from which to
quench it they discovered the troughs
that receive the drippings from the beer
faucets in the saloons. They now intrude
in the saloons and line up to the
troughs and drink until they are thor
oughly intoxicated, many falling to the
floor as though dead, 1 while others un
steadily hop to the sidewalk and resume
their feasting. . .
James Thomas, a rancher living on the
Verde River, in Yavapal County, has dis
covered a scheme. that threatens to revo
lutionize existing irrigation methods.
Wnlle walking along the canal bank the
other day he observed an enormous bull
snake stretched at length, with its head
in the water and its body pulsating like a
steam pump. Observing the reptile, still
more closely, he was amazed to • see a
stream of water flowing from its tail.
It was actually pumping water. That
bullsnake Is a harmless creature, and Mr.
Thomas, seized with an idea, also seized
the snake. How to make it throw a
larger stream of water was the question,
and after considerable thought he tried
the experiment of cutting off a portion of
the tall. By this means the snake was
induced to throw a full head of; water
at a minimum exertion, and seemed to
enjoy the joke. Mr. Thomas captured
many other bullsnakes, which, by asso
ciation, with the F original ■ pumper, soon
became adepts in the new i system for ir
rigating, r Then their tails were removed,
and for days : the . side ■ of ; the ranch next
the river was lined with snakes engaged
in throwing up streams of water from an
inch to an inch and a half in diameter.
A mining man came along a few days ago
and was struck with" the novelty of i the
irrigating ' method adopted. He thought
that the snakes might be used in hy
draulic mining, and a number of them
were f coupled together : like :■ garden ' nose,
the experiment, however/ was not entirely
successful, several of the snakes bursting
through unevenness ; of pressure.— Denver
Republican. ' '
: -■ , .■ -. . « m ■ . \
NO MORE TOWN AND GOWN ROWS.
The almost complete disappearance of
town and gown rows is another sign of
the times, almost as difficult to explain
as the disuse of dueling in England or
of standup fights at public schools. But
so it is, and though a slight recrudescence
of the old feud took place during a late
visit of the Prince of Wales, young towns
men now mix with undergraduates in the
streets, even on the sth of November,
without finding the slightest occasion for
an exchange of blows or insults. Only
those who have studied the history of Ox
ford from the middle ages downward,
with its long record of constitutional
struggles and sanguinary encounters be
tween the city and the university, can
duly estimate the importance of this
change, which is now so familiar that it
has ceased to be recognized.
Several causes have combined to bring
It about, besides the general diminution
of rowdyism and brutality visible In all
our great towns. One of these is the
great Improvement of the police system,
another is the spontaneous abandonment
by the university authorities of various
privileges offensive to citizens, a third is
the dispersion of so many undergrad
uates in lodging-houses kept by citizens.
Finally, under the new municipal consti
tution of Oxford, the university is offi
cially represented in the Town Council,
and some of its leading members are in
daily conference with their colleagues of
the city on municipal affairs. The rap
proachement has been powerfully aide! by
the efforts of individuals, and a sufficient
proof of its reality is furnished by the
mere fact that while the city buildings
were being reconstructed all municipal
business was conducted in the examina
tion schools, lent for the nurpose by the
university.— Nineteenth Century.
UNRULY DROP CURTAIN.
The new drop curtain which hangs
from the proscenium arch at the
Grand cut a queer caper .on the occa
sion of its lirst public appearance re
cently. It was either balky or con
cluded to go on a strike, for it re
fused to do its allotted work at the end
of the first act and spoiled a thrilling
climax.
With bated breath the gallery had
seen the heroine swing by a vine across
a yawning chasm for the purpose of
reaching the side of her wounded lover.
She had struck terra lirnia just in time
to grab a property ax, and, facing two
villains, hold them at bay, though one
was armed with a real revolver while
the other had a dirk.
"Stop!" cried the heroine. In tragic
tones*
The villains stopped. They cowered
before her blazing eyes, which flashed
tire in her righteous indignation. An
old black mammy — it was a "beauti
ful Southern comedy drama," accord
ing: to the advance agent— rushed out
from behind a tree to reinforce her
little mistress. She, too, had an ax, of
larger caliber than tliat brandished by
the heroine, and this she held high in
the air, her good old black face wear
ing a determined do-or-die look.
Now that stop was the cue for the
stage manager to press the buttc-n. The
curtain was supposed to fall and the
gallery was expected to do the rest, j
The stage manager pressed the button
and the gallery started to do the rest,
but was unexpectedly checked in its j
demonstrations of delight at the tri- j
umph of virtue by the failure of the
new drop curtain to fall.
The drop started on its downward
path, but halfway between the prosce
nium arch and the stage it suddenly
stopped. Possibly the curtain thought j
the heroine was addressing her com
mand "stop" to it. Anyway, it stop
ped.
For an instant the audience sat still
in wonder, but only for an instant. The j
features of the heroine relaxed. Some
emotion other than indignatic-n or fear :
was moving her. The villain smiled, a i
gallery god laughed. Then the old
black mammy shifted her position.
Striking attitudes and holding them
was clearly not one c-f her accomplish
ments. The players turned their eyes j
upward toward the curtain. That beau- j
tifully decorated piece- of canvas hung j
in midair and stubbornly refused to j
move. The audience began to larch.
The new curtain had made a hit appar
ently. The stage manager :tnd his as
sistants struggled with ropes and pul
leys, but the curtain would not fall.
Finally, in desperation, the stage man
ager sent down a drop scene and hid
heroine, mammy, villains and all from
the gaze of the audience. — Atlanta
Journal.
OUTPUT OF BOURBON WHISKY.
The laws of the State of Kentucky I
are very strict against trusts. For that
reason the n:en taking the most active
part in the proposed plan to limit the
output of Kentucky whisky are pro
ceeding with caution. Without con
certed action on the part of the dis
tillers, they feel that the whisky in
dustry is doomed, and every effort will
be put forth to make the limitation
plan a success.
Attorney J. B. Thompson of Harrods
burg, who is also a distiller, Is in the
city, overseeing the printing of the du
plicate contracts which it is proposed
to have every distiller sign. The de
tails of the contract will not be made
public at present, and no distiller wiil
have a chance to know what propor
tion of the annual output of 17,500,000
rn lions is allotted to his neighbor. In
order to evade the anti-trust law, the
contract is quite elastic in this, that it
does not debar a distiller from makiner
as much whisky as he likes, but he
gives bond to deliver the surplus to
parties named at so low a figure that
he will find it unprofitable to make
more than his allotment. On his fail
ure to instantly deliver this surplus at
the low price named he must pay $10
per barrel as liquidating damages.
Colonel T. M. Gilmore of this city,
who is taking a prominent part in the
movement, is confident that the dis
tillers throughout the State are favor
able to the movement, and he thinks
they wiil all co-operate in what he be
lieves is the only plan which will
place the whisky business of Kentucky
on a paying basis.
In this connection the Cincinnati
Commercial Tribune recently said:
"Mr. John G. Roach, one of the dis
tillery kings of old Kaintuck, is at the
Gibson, and denies the fact of a meet
ing with reference to limiting the out
put of bourbon.
"I didn't expect to meet Mr. Meyer,
but will be glad to see him," said he.
"So far as the output of Kentucky is
concerned, I think I can say that the
agreement to limit it to 15,000,000 gal
lons annually will be successful. The
output has been in the neighborhood of
30,000,000, with a consumption of about
22,000,000 annually. It is believed that
with the output down to one-half the
usual figures the matter will be equal
ized, and a good demand for the prod
uct of the Kentucky distilleries will
result. There is no significance in my
being here at the same time with Mr.
Meyer. I came up to see the whole
sale men, and on private business not
connected with distilling."— Louisville
Commercial.
« ■«■ »
COSTLY TOBACCO 'SIGNS.
If any one will read the tobacco signs
he cannot but wonder at the weakness
of man. Now, the firms in the business i
would not go to the vast expense at
tending advertising unless it paid. And
yet it is hard for the uninitiated to un
derstand what inducements are offered
to the user of tobacco to buy a certain
kind by the advertisements they see on
every hand. For instance, if I were a
tobacco chewer, I do not think I would
be induced to purchase only that kind j
of tobacco which had for its advertise
ment a lot of monkeys sitting in a row
and their tails spelling out the name of
it. I do not think that I would only |
patronize that cigarette which had for
its advertisement a man kissing a pret
ty woman. It might be that I might
think that if I would use that kind of
cigarette I might at some time get to
kiss a pretty woman. I might be justi
fied in changing my brand of cigarette 9'
on this foolish hope, but then there i
could be no such reason in making me
change off my brand of chewing to
bacco because of the monkeys who
spelled out with their tails the name of
the tobacco which I had changed to.
Because a brand of tobacco has for its
signs a war vessel made out of a plug
of tobacco, it would not warrant me in
throwing away the kind in my pocket
to get this particular kind.
But they tell me — that is, the drum
mers do— that these are the things that
catch the chewer and smoker. If they
do, then there must be something in
the contention of many people that to
bacco injures the brain. No one can
tell why the chewer and smoker is in
duced to buy a certain tobacco because
wholly of the advertisements? of it, but
they do. I am told by a man who
knows that one firm spent in two years
$4,000,000 or $5,000,000 in advertising one
brand of tobacco. I remember that
when Cleveland was inaugurated the
second time one of the cigarette manu
facturers placed a magnincent carriage
in the procession. In the vehicle was a
handsome woman, who bore aloft the
sign of the cigarette the manufacturer
made. The carriage was the best in
the procession, and the horses, four of
them, were the finest that could be had
in all the capital. If Cleveland had
stopped a moment on his way, I should
not have been surprised if they had
pinned a tin advertising ta~ to his
back. They tried to run this advertis
ing wagon, woman and all, out of the
procession, and the police succeeded in
doing it to the extent of getting it out
of line, but it drove into the procession
further along, and when driven from
that place it appeared in the procession
at another point. Then the constabu
lary of the capital of the country gave
up the job, and the woman rjode the trip
out, smiling over her victory as she
went along.— Calveston (Texas) News.
A PIwPER CURIOSITY.
Mrs. Slimson (entertaining the
Twickenhams at dinner)— l didn't put
myself out for you at all.
Willie (who has been studying at
Sunday school) — Mamma, just what
kind of a lie is that?— Brooklyn Life.
Short sight is more common In town
than among country folk, for the sim
ple reason that townspeople have less
need for long sight, they have fewer
opportunities for exercising their sight
on distant objects, and their occupa
tions do not favor its development by
training or selection; but it is not, in
the majority of cases, a proof of phy
sical degeneracy, as can be seen in the
case of the Germans, who are a no
toriously short-sighted people.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Estate of Amanda Dallas (by A. C. Freese,
administrator) to Jean M. Gardia, lot on W
line of Polk street, 48 S of Fulton, S 24 by E
82:ti: $4900.
John J. Deane to same, same, quitclaim deed;
t5. ■
Frederick and Mary Rakeman to Jacob
Schutten, lot on SE corner of Sacramento and
Lyon streets, S 25 by X 106:3; $4100.
Edwin and F. O. Danrorth to Minerva O.
Kellogg, Jot on N line of Washington street,
12*:6 X of Maple. E 80. N 127:8%, W 40:6&. S\V
12»:2; 110;
Bertha Hawthorne to Thyra Hawthorne, lot
on SE corner o£ Seventeenth and Mission
streets. S 63, E £0, S 42, E 82:6, N 110, W 162:6;
$10.
Hibemia Savings and Loan Society to P. A.
Pioda, lot on S line of Liberty street, 350 E of
Castro, E 25 by S 114; $900.
Fairmount Loan Association to Peter Me
Donald, lot on W line of Fair Oaks street, 60
N of Twenty-fifth, X 25 by W 100; $10.
Ellen Seffuarson to Albert Meyer, lot on S
line of Elizabeth street, 71:0% E of Guerrero,
E 22 by S 72:6;. $.'.
Albeit Meyer to Roderick A. and Isabella
Gllbrlde, same; $10.
Alexander H. Bally to Mary E. Lister, lot
on \V line of Mason street, 70 S of Green, S 67:6
by W 110; $10.
Thomas B. Pheby Jr. to William M. Gil
lesple, lot on SW corner of Seventeenth and
Shotwell streets, YV 25 by 100; also lot on N
line of Bernard street, 83 Wof Taylor, W 23:6
by 00. and all interest in the estate of Mary
Gilleeple (quitclaim deed); $300.
Anglo-Californian Bank (limited) to Lanjye
Investment Company, lot on SE corner of Carl
and Stanyan streets, E to Cole, S to Parnas
sus (Sullivan), W to beginning; $10.
John and Elizabeth Llnehan to Robert Mc-
Kenna Sr., lot on S corner of Lisbon and Italy
streets. SW 23 by SE 100, lot 1, block 24, Excel
sior Homestead; $10. , •
Behrend Joost (by George L. Humphrey
(commissioner) to John A. Miller, lot on >T line
of fas.-. -Hi street, 225 W of Clover alley, N 121,
E 125. S 21, W 80, S 100, W 75, lots 5, 7 and
9, block 2. Pioche and Robinson subdivisions;
also lots - to 5. lots 18 and 19, block 8, subdi
vision 1, Clarendon Heights; also lot on \V line
of Falcon street and JC line of lot 3, block 17.
Piochc and Robinson subdivisions. S 50 by \V
100, being lot 8, block 17. same; $3330.
C. E. and A. A. Farnum to Robert R. Hind,
lots 1, 2 and 3, block A. Spreckels Subdivision,
blocks A, 1! and D, Park Hill Homestead; $10.
Laurel Hill Cemetery Association to W. B.
Bourn, lot on B line of Lopfsla path. 20 W of
Buena Vi<?ta street, W 40. S 60:6, E 42:9, N 25,
V along lot 25 feet to beginning, lot 2925. Lau
rel Hill Cemetery Association; $3600. J -
Alameda County.
Ellen M. Scotchler to Charles N. Schwab, lot
on S line of Central avenue, 100 W of Linden
street. W 34. S 98:1, E to a point. N 98:0«£ to
beginning, block 565, Oakland (quitclaim deed);
$10.
Wiekllffe and Rose E. Matthews to Mate E.
Stevens, lot en W line of Macnolia street,
274:6 S of Twelfth. S 2."> by W 133:3, Slock 562,
Oakland (subject to mortgage); $10.
John K. Glascock to Michael Spies, lot 3,
block A, of subdivision of bl<>ck 23, North Ala
meda Tract, East Oakland; $300.
Agnes and Jamea Brown to 1. L. Saxton, lot
on SE line of Eleventh avenue, 50 SAY of East
Twenty-first street, SW 2G by SE 150, block 127,
Clinton, Eaet Oakland; $10.
J..hn Reed to Samuel and Mary K. Carpmlll,
lot 17, block 21, Beau dry & Peladeau property,
Oakland Township; $250.
Bertha C. Lamson to William H. Wing, lot
on E line of H^nry street, 240 N of Rose, N
SO by E 135, block 20, Berkeley A r illa Associa
tion," Berkeley; gift.
Samuel and Emma F. Heywood to Mary Don
ovan, the \V 26 feet of lot 1. block 75, Tract B,
Berkeley Land and Town Improvement Asso
ciation, Berkeley; MO.
E. B. Poml and H. C. Campbell (trustees for
Clara J. Slater.) to San Francisco Savings
Union lot on NE corner of San Pablo avenue
and Carrlson street, E 125 by N 120. being lots
1, 2 and 3, block C, Carrison Tract, trustees'
deed, Berkeley; $815.
Daniel and Mary Donovan to Samuel Hey
wood. lot on E line of Fourth street, 1f.2 N of
Charming way. N 50 by E L2.\ being lot 20,
block 172, Corrected Map Raymond Tract,
Berkeley; HO.
A. L. Whiting to Ida R. Whiting, lots B5 anl
66, block 34, AA'arner Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: srift.
E B. Pond and H. C. Campbell (trustees for
William T. Garrett) to AA'illiam T. Garrett, lot
on S line of San Antonio avenue. 2G4 AY of
Lafayette street. AY 40 by S i:,O, block 11,
amended map of Bartlett Tract, Alameda:
also lot on S line of Clinton avenue, r>4 E of
Lafayette street. E 10S by S 137:6, block 18,
same (trustees' deed): $656*.
J. P. Rstbbone to Christian H. Dall. lot on
NE corner of Ray and Main streets, N 54 by
E 150, town of Pleasanton. Murray Township
(to correct former i
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
BALDWIN HOTEL..
F S Prague, Ft Baker W D Davis, Cal
A Jackson, Ft Baker FA Sanborn, Los Ang
"vV L Price, Cal W T Wills. Napa .
G H Lancaster, Cal B P Barker, Livermore
F Fay, Presidio W B True, San Jose
E Leitz. Presidio L W Cole, Chicago
J Heintz, Chicago • Miss M Ellis, San Raf
B M Robinson, Chicago Miss D Edwards, Cal
N Nathan, Denver J Trap, Healdsburg
W G Wilter. Denver UI) Parker, Boston
J N Watts, St Louis V D Hughes, Boston
W Jones, Eureka " ID Becker, Trenton
WE Chalcraft. Can RC Da wson, . Portland
J A Henshaw. Butte J B Calllngton. .Portld
W D Adams. Chlcac* P N Edwards. Portld
G F Randall. Cal /<J O Campbell, Stocktn
GRAND HOTEL.
S Newell, Stockton MO Hilbish. w & a,
G E Catts, Stockton | Snn Jose
. W Beauchamp, ; L Gtos T P Keegan, S Rosa
G A Penniman, 8 Jose C A Eddy, Spokane
J AY Armstrong, S Jse F N Rust; Cal
C M Wooster, S Jose A HorTock, Hanford
A\' M Lawlor&s,Sßfael J C Edgar, Quentln
Mrs M D Cooley, Cal U McCarthy, w & f,
3 C Swift, Sacto ■■'•■:. Visalia .
J M Mason. Seattle X X Strahlgren & w, Cal
S E Vermilyea, .Bishop S H Rice, Ukiah
F H Hyde, Dawson C T Lonsstreet, . Tuma
D E Lutes, ■ Seattle .■."• II G Ross, Texas
G C Hayne. Dawson J W Johnston, Pleastn
Mrs M L Gray. Chg-o A M Friant &w, S Jse
Miss Gray, Chgo
PALACE HOTEL.
S F Gitterman, Chicgo A B Cohen, St Joseph
CAY Bunner, Holland II Lux &w, San Jose
F F Rogers. Denver Baron A yon Schroeder.
W F Franklin, NY Snn Rafael
Mrs C Barnston, Pa H Shoemaker, Stanford
R Albaret. France AW. Bruner, Los Ang
R C Kingsley, Boston G H Winter, Victoria
H Hoyt, USA' 1 F L Coombs, Napa :
D B Cannon & w, N V E Churchill & w, Napa
C A Cooke, Boston . I Miss. Churchill, Napa
J W Oliver. Boston V I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W B Carter, Seattle H T McGregor, Phila
F Marshall, Fresno : Mrs Donville, England
J Mahan. Salt Lake P V Snow, Illinois -
P FTighe, Merced , J Bernstrand, Seattle '
G Morris. Petaluma W 9 Elliott, Vancouver
W O Chatfield,«RiversdiF Mitchell, Livermore
■OE Murphy. Cal ;l .^ I R Mitchell, San Miguel
H O'Neil. Clo,verdale IE S Parlet. Fresno
R S "Huff, Stockton C S Porter. Oregon
J Johnson. Coif ax P B Sabine, Fresno
E Louf , Santa Rosa
CAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:30 o'clock.
IS7 Hayes st; open until 9:30 o'clock.
€21 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
6:; Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission Btreet; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock. ,
MEETING NOTICES.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge. No. 22, F. and A. • '
.- M.— Officers and - members are re "«#\«
quested to attend the - funeral of ourJX^T
late brother, JAMES MORTON GRO-/V>
GAN, from Masonic Temple TO-MORROW
"WEDNESDAY), at 1:30 o'clock p. m. By
order of the W. M. GEO. W. ROOT. Sec.
MOUNT Morlah Lodge No. 44, F. and A. •
M.— Meeting . THIS '■ (WEDNESDAY) _J\J
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de-TK>r
gree. THEO. FROLICH. Sec, /^r >
CROCKETT Lodge No. 133. F. and A. a
M., D. 1". THIS (WEDNESDAY) _J\_
EVENING Nov. 9, at 7:30 o'clock. By jC_X
order of the Master. ■ /V»
__^ H. FORTRIEDE. Sec.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. •
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEI)i\KS-__%
DAY) EVENING, Nov. 9, at 7::!o^_Ji?
o'clock. First degree. - /▼>
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— __
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _J%_.
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- It JK
gree. CD. BUNKER, Secretary. /V>
FUNERAL notice— Officers and funeral 6
delegation of the Austrian Benevolent $£__KiS
Society: You are hereby notified to SJMM3
assemble at your hall, 413 Sutter St.. _»?;PtfEf
THURSDAY. November 10. 189S, at 1 "^*s« p<o
p. m. sharp, for the purpose of attending the
funeral of our late brother, CHARLES LIND-
WALL. By order of
M. SCAN ATICH, President.
.-; A. CANECH, Secretary.
KNIGHTS of the Red Branch— lmpor- ,
tant meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) if_>
EVENING, November 9, at 8 o'clock. |_¥u«
THE PRESIDENT.
ANNUAL meeting. — The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Honolulu Sugar
Company will be held at the office of the
company, 327 Market St., San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, on MONDAY, the 21st day of Novem-
ber, IS9S, at the hour of 10 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of electing a beard of directors
to dterve for the ensuing year and the trans-
action of such other business as ■ may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Thursday, November 10. 1898. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the California Wine Makers' corpora-
tion will be held at the Chamber of Com-
merce, 431 California st., San Francisco, on
WEDNESDAY, November 16, 1898, commenc-
ing at 11 o'clock a. m. CALIFORNIA WINE
MAKERS' CORPORATION. Per W. J.
HOTCHKISS, Secretary and Manager.
$100 000 to loan on diamonds and sealskins; low
interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
"5 SPECIAL NOTICES.
DIVINE science and mental healing taught
Consult "Mine. Jewel, 906 Market st, rm. 37.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st. room 6; tel. 5580.
BOYS' Home, 417 Harrison, free evening
school: shorthand taught.
DR. MACLENNAN cures where medical art
falls or no fee; free diagnosis. 100 Haight at.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 8d st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
GOVERNESS wishes to go to Guatemala; good
dressmaker; best of references. MISS CUL-
LEN, 326 Sutter st
COMPETENT German and French nurse de-
sires situation; best references; city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter Bt.
FIRST-CLASS colored cook desires situation;
best of references; city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. '
NEAT girl desires situation at second work or
as nurse; $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish housegirl with 2 years'
reference; excellent cook. Apply MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st. ' --' ' .
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes place to assist;
$10; strong and willing. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter St.- ;
DANISH cook with 3 years' references; also
German laundress with 2 years' references,
desire situations. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st. _____
: . •
BY middle-aged English woman, position in
small family for housework and plain cook-
ing; would go as. housekeeper: good home,
small wages. Call to-day, 717 Clementina St.,
near Eighth. .
WANTED— Home in Protestant family for a
deserving boy about 14 years of age; will
work for his board, with privilege to go to
school. Address box 1571, Call office.
REFINED, respectable young woman, neat
seamstress, offers services as mother's help
or for light housework for home; no wash-
Ing or cooking. Box 1573, Call office.
MOTHER and daughter (Americans) want po-
sitions together; excellent cook and manager;
both competent to take full charge; country.
Box 1572, Call office.
YOUNG, strong German woman wants wash-
ing, ironing, cleaning; $1 and car fare: dis-
engaged Thursday and Friday. M., 1133 Fol-
.. som st. - - ■- ■ .
LADY would like the care of baby; best of
care; terms reasonable. See lady at 267
- Seventh st.
COMPETENT German girl. ' first-class cook,
wishes situation; wages $30. Box 1575, Call.
WANTED— Hemstitching, plain sewing. Apply
to MRS. F., 406 Mason st. ; call for a days.
SCANDINAVIAN strong, willing girl for gen-
eral housework. Apply at 19 Morris ave., be-
tween Harrison, Bryant, Fifth and Sixth sts.
GIRL wants position as cashier in a restaur-
ant. Call at 511 H*/de st. r "■.-.-;::■'
: LAUNDRESS wishes situation, city or country.
| Please call at 4044 Twenty-sixth st.
—
SITUATION wanted by a - German girl to do
upstairs work; wages $25. Call at 693 Bush
St., near Powell.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman would like
situation for general housework; good plain
cook. 115 Wlldey st., off Fillmore, nr. Bush.
GERMAN girl desires ■ position for upstairs
work or work in hotel. 802 Larkin st, corner
O'Farrell.
YOUNG Swedish girls desires situation as sec-
. ond girl. Apply at 515 Myrtle ave., between
Octavia and Laguna, O'Farrell and Geary sts.
GERMAN woman would like a place in lunch
house or in restaurant to work ' over lunch
hours. Call or address 76 Clementina st.
JAPANESE girl wants position in a private
family; general help. Japanese Woman's
Home, 1307 Larkin st. ~ ■
YOUNG girl would like position to do, chamber-
work; private family . or hotel; ' no objection
to go across bay; no postals. Please call at
44S Jessie st, in the rear. :
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like a situation
.as 'housekeeper. for family. Address 1126 How-
ard st. .
SCOTCH woman wants work by the • day;
thorough, active I worker; well recommended.
Apply by letter, M. E., 114 Hayes st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes work by the day,
housecleanlng ' or permanent place . doing
housework; would do chamberwork in nice
hotel or lodging house; would go to Oakland.
Inquire or address 313 Kearny st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; good laun-
dress; housecleanlng; $1 per day and carfare.
442 Jessie st., near Sixth.
YOUNG, ' respectable woman, with small boy,
wishes situation to do housework or cham-
ber work. Call or address 246 Third, room 63.
STRONG, willing girl for general housework.
Apply at 217 Polk st; no postals answered. .-
RELIABLE elderly Protestant woman wishes
housework in a small family; is a good plain
cook; wages $15 to $20. 22 Aileen ave., off
Fifteenth st. . near Dolores.
GIRL, general housework or upstairs work and
sewing-. 1703 j Howard St. ;
GERMAN lady wishes work by the day; wash-
..,■ ing or housekeeping. Address K. F., 346 Third.
$100, CfO to loan, diamonds, silverware; low rates;
private entrance. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ave.
SITUATIONS W ANTED— 3IALE.
FOR good help of any kind, male or female,
send orders to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. Em-
. ployment Agents, 62S . Sacramento St. ;
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE : and Japanese Employment : Office;
best help. 41i»i O'Farrell st. tel. East 426. .
STEADY and reliable young man as driver for
delivery; well acquainted with city; ■ experi-
■ enced grocery « clerk; city reference. ' F. L.
CLARK. 321 Ellis st. : - : \-; .'-■.. :
COOK. German and American . cooking, 'wants
' situation. ; CARL BOEHME, 1231 Mission st.
MAN and wife, competent English indoor serv-
ants, first-class in every way, capable of tak-
ing charge of family home; references; $40.
D., box 1552, ; Call office.
BUTCHER wishes steady r work; ' city or coun-
v try. Box 1531. Call office. •'; , - . ;.
RELIABLE young man, age 22, electrician, 3
years' -practical experience,; would > like to
. work .with some competent electrical engineer
or in power house; willing to work for board;
good references; object, to advance. - Address
Engineer," Call office.. ■ -' ; -j..-. :<,
BY ' young . man; understands horses, . cows and
garden; reference;, state ■. the wages. ~ J. . A.
MACDONALD. San . Leandro. Cal. ■ ;-. .
YOUNG . man wants position in general mer-
• chandise store in country or mining ' camp;
; experience and reference. : Box . 1051, Call. •_.•;
AS engineer -or at ; any mechanical * work by
'••- highly , reliable young man of experience. 3941
Twenty-fourth st. ■.::-■.-.■'-- -\,r -; ■--,- ■-- :-\: X. -- /-;
INTELLIGENT - man wants : position : around :
•■ private I place; handy at ' any i kind ;of j work; 5
■ years =In last ; place; I best ■- of : references. , Box
'; 1049. Call. - ' . . - i
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
THOROUGH engineer and machinist; years of
experience in city and mines. Address En-
gineer, 777 Market st. __
YOUNG man of good address wants employ-
ment. Address box 1806. Call office.
$100,000 to loan on safes, buggies, oil paintings;
etrictest privacy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ave.
WINCHESTER House. 41 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to *«
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FBM ALE. L
2 WAITRESSES for Southern California, $22 50,
halt fare paid; waitress, country hotel, $22 sy;
3 chambermaids to wait, $20; 4 restaurant
waitresses, $5; waitress, small place, no Sun-
day work, ?3; neat your g girl to work ia
bakery, $12 a month, room, board and wash-
ing. C. R. HANSKN ,t CO. 104 Geary St.
SEAMSTRESS, private family, who can wait,
$25; parlor maid and waitress, $25; cook and
laundress. $25: German girl for very small
family, in country, $25, fure paid: French
house girl, short ways in country, see party
here. $21; and any number ol places for house-
work, city and country, $13 to $25. C. B.
HANSKN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK. $35; second girl same house, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GIRL, assiKt light v.-ork; no cooking; $12; sleep
bone. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
NURSE girl: $12 per month. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
REFINED woman cook; institution: $40 per
month. iIISS (TLLKN. 325 Putter st.
COOK, $30; 2 second girls, $25 and $20; 3 nurses,
$15, $20 and $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
WOMAN with a child; $12. MISS CULLEN.
S2") Sutter St.
WAITRESS; $5 per week. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress; $15; country^
MISS CULLEN, 325 Hutter St.
NEAT girl; light second work; $15. MISB
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
LARGE number of girls to fill our numerous
situations in city and country. J. F. 6j_tQ-
SETT & CO., 816 Sutter St. >|
WANTED — Cooks, chambermaids, nursegirls
and girls for housework. MR3. HIRD, 631
Larkin st.
RESPECTABLE young woman can find good
home on ranch in exchange for light services.
Address box 1577, Call office.
OFFICE girl; must be able to do some type«
writing. Inquire between 9 and 10 a. m. at
room 516, Parrott building.
WANTED — Competent girl for general house-
work; German family of 3. Call at 2197 De-
visadero st.. near Clay.
WANTED— March and chorus girls. Apply
ARCHIE LEVY'S Amusement Association, I
Eddy st.
LADIES and girls to do piece work at home;
steady employment; embroidery taught. S4B
Sutter st.
GIRL to do general housework. Apply at 2131
Polk st.
YOUNG girl for light housework; sleep at
home. 1722 Howard st.
WANTED — First-class skirtmaker. BCHIM-
MEL & STOVER. 408 Sutter st.
YOUNG German-speaking girl to assist on
pants. 1273 Ellis st.
EXPERIENCED nursegirl wanted. 2418 Gough
6treet.
YOUNG woman for general housework. 1443
Harrison St., near Eleventh.
YOUNG girl for light housework. 1412 O'Far-
rell st., near Laguna; take Ellis-st. cars.
COOK for small boarding house; country. _Vp-
ply 10 to 12. 1115H Howard st. 7
YOUNG lady to learn job printing. 638% Cali-
fornia st.
GERMAN girl for general housework; no chil-
dren; wages $12 to $15. 1512 Devisadero st.
WANTED— A girl for housework! 3007 Six-
teenth st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats. 834A
Natoma st.
OPERATOR and finisher on pants. 409 Four-
teenth St., Oakland.
TEACHER Graham shorthand: 8 evening les-
sons a month, $3. 1171 Mission st.
WANTED— Reliable woman to care for lodging
house. Address box 1517, Call.
WANTED — A neat, reliable woman for light
housework and plain cooking; 2 in family: in
Salinas: good home to right party; wages,
$15. Call at 2406 Folsom st.
WANTED— TaIent for amateur night at the
Olympia; liberal terms to right parties. Ap-
ply manager Olympia, Eddy st., corner Ma-
son, dally, 1 to 3 p. m.
$100,000 to loan: low interest: private en.; gen-
tlemanly attention. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ave.
WANTED— Two neat young girls to assist pro-
prietor Jn roadside resort; one playing piano
preferred. Address box 1501. Call Office.
WANTED — 25 young ladies for burlesque. ARr
piy to manager at Midway, 771 Market st. I
WANTED- For housework, good strong girA
$12. 4050 Twenty-fourth st.
YOUNG girl for light housework. Apply HSi
Turk st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom pants at 136
Natoma st^ .
WANTED— Good girl for general housework.
781 Green St., near Mason^ __^
GIRL to assist general housework, easy plf^v;
wages $10; sleep home. 845 Golden Gate ave.
GIRL for housework and plain nooking in Ger-
man family. 1456 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Good finishers on • custom coats g
must put in buttonholes. 409 Clementina sty
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free: patterns, 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
WANTED — Operators on flannel o'^pfshirts; a
few inexperienced hands taken and taug&T.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 86H Fremont »t. «
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'3; good position*;
patterns, lCc up. 118 McAllister st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
$16— TICKET TO ALASKA— SI6
For rockmen and laborers »
Go now, fare only. $16
....C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
QANG of laborers, mountain railroad
TJang teamsters, coast railroad ■
Gang of sawmill and woodsmen
5 farmers, $20: 40 woodchoppers
10 coal miners
Gardener, milk and chore around -.
Country hotel, $25 and found
Laborers and teamsters, city work
Harness repairer for railroad camp
Free fare; regular wages 
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waiter for hotel ,
Southern California, 2 waiters „
Mining boarding- house cooks, hotels
Restaurants, ctty and country
....C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st,
MURRAY & READY... MURRAY & READY,"
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT TO-DAY
24 laborers for a great sawmill
3 teamsters, city job $1 75 day
3 boys to learn trades, city $3 week
2 boys for factory work $4 week
Farmer and wife
IS woodchoppers $1 50 to $2 50 cord
95 tiemakers Bc, 9c and 12c each,
5 laborers, city manufacturing company
shingle packer, see boss here; 8 farm hand's'
$26. $25 and $20 and found; boy to drive
butcher's wagon, city, $4 week „
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
THREE carpenters, country. $2 50 day; steady
job all winter. MURRAY & READY. 634-638
Clay st.
NINE cooks, $55.^50, $40, $30 and $25 and found;
4 waiters, $30, $20 and $20 and found; butcher,
restaurant $40 and found
5 dishwashers, $25, $20 and $15 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— S German or Scandinavian quart*
miners, $2 50 day; furnace man for mine, $33
and board; gardener, $30 and found; stable-
man, $30 and found; farmers, $15 and "$25;
cooks, waiters, bakers and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Pastry cook for hotel. $60; cook
country hotel. $3.1. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton.
BUTLER, country, $40. MISS CULLEN, 825
Sutter st.
MAN and wife; small ranch; $40. Apply MRS
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
MAN to sweep in lodging house: room, board
and laundry; no wages. Alpha House, 5
Market st.
BOY 15 or 16 years old. Call at 1020 Larkin st
S:30; upholsterer.
WANTED— Man" to cook for 2or X men and
work around nursery. 500 Halght st.
WANTED— Good, reliable~e_tra~waiter at 248
East St., near Folsom.
YOUNG man (German) to work In grocery
store. Apply corner Polk and Union sts.
E £ P I? RIEXCED fe <*ler on Job printing presses,
lb r remont st.
B g Y h0 knows how to feed printing pressT
The Stuparich Mfg. Co.. 141-147 Fremont st.
B ?, T in ._P rin ting office; experienced preferred
Box loiS, Call office.
BARBER with 1 or 2 years' experience' „_£
Castro st., corner Eighteenth.
WANTED — 1 first-class coatmaker; insl Je
DAMNER. the tailor, 226 O'Farrell st. V
BARBER wanted; steady work. Apply at ttiHELP WANTED— Continued.
GOOD Jobber wanted; plumbing and tinning.
2987 Sixteenth St.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 134 Third st.
BARBER for Wednesday. 606 Third st.
YOUNG man as waiter. ' 1245 Kentucky st. ■•
LUNCH waiter. 210 First st.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted. 1207 Scott st.,
between Eddy and Ellis.
I GOOD sign writer wanted. 2-" Steuart et.
WANTED— An experienced waiter to act as
head waiter, with better prospects if pos-
sessed of necessary Qualifications; a salary
of $40 to start: must furnish references as
to sobriety, reliability and principle. Box
50, Call orfioe.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds and Jewelry; pri-
vate entrance." Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aVe; '
AN energetic, sober Bed steads tailor with j
small capital as partner in one of the best
country towns. Apply C. W. R. FORD & j
CO., 116 Sutter Et. .: ■
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work inside.
ENBLUM & ABRAHAM. 1108 Market st.
WANTED — Han makers and stitchers.
Leibold Harness Co., 211 Larkin^s^
BARBER shop for sale cheap: owner retiring
from business. Apply 324 Grant ave.
COAL miners wanted. Tesla Coal Company, i
32S Montgomery St., San Francisco. ■ j
TRY Lindell House, Sixth & Howard str..; ;
thoroughly renovated; 200 mis; 15c. 23c night, I
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma- :
rine corps. United States navy: able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
SO ears, who are citizens of the United .
States, or those who have legally declared ;
their intention to become such; must be of ■
good character and habits and able to speak, ;
read and write English, and be between 5 I
feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height. For further j
Information apply at the recruiting office. 20
Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.
TO Tailors— Good coat and trousers makers
wanted. Apply at 11 it the Stevenson-st. en-
trance. CHAR] LYONS. 721 Market st.
SINGLE rooms, 13c, 20c 23c per night. 73c, $1
to $2 50 per wk. Eleho House. S63Uj Market :t.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764% Mission
ft., men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night: 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
BARBERS Progressive Ion; free employ-
ir. t. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 130 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
eoleing, Ssc; only one price. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employment Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant ave.; tel. Grant 126.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. lSS 1 -! Eighth st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis st., near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S, 28 Steuart.
WINCHESTER - House. 44 Third f=t., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
bus and baggage to and from the Jerry.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken.
AGENTS WANTED. _____
AGENTS for oEiy official "History of Our War
With Spain— Causes, Incidents and Results,"
Civil. Military. Naval. Steel plates, maps,
enpravings. By Hon. Henry B. Russell, Sen.
Proctor <Vt.) and Sen. Thurtton I Nebr.)
Greatest seller ever known. 1000 more agents
wanted. We pay freight, give credit. Write
for terms and territory to sole publishers.
WOP.THINCTON & CO., Hartford. Conn.
WANTED — Agents; men or women; an article-
every family needs; first introduced In State!
• $5 to $10 per day; hours 10:30 to 2:30. Golden
West Hotel, 6S Ellis St., room 27.
AGENTS wanted: plenty money to the right i
parties. Call 911 Broadway, Oakland.
LIVE, energetic agents to handle good special-
ty; just in. Greater West Advertising & Nov-
elty Co.. 1155H Washington st.. Oakland.
PAR.TNERS WASTKD.
PARTNER wanted with $5000, gent or lady. In
a fine paying mercantile business in Los An-
geles Cit'-- fully open for most rigid investi-
gation. For full particulars address G. H. L.,
1000 Golden Gate ave.
PARTNER wanted in old established hay,
grain, wood, coal and livery business; 25
horses; price $1500. part cash; sickness cause
of partner retiring. Box 1588, Call office.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — Married couple and daughter 7
years old desire furnished rooms for house-
keeping with private family; business man;
permanent. Address or call 8., SOS Pine st.,
Snn Fir.-- Office of London.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
• WANTED— purchase the machinery of. a
. flouring mill: state particulars and price. A.
F. SUTHERLAND. Clear Lake, Wash.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus: second-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post Book-
. keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since ISS2; catalogue.
ATE! Business College, 723 Market St.; Indi-
vidual instruction in shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, ttlegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low rates
per week and month.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 2941 Twenty-
fourth St., near Sanchez.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Market
St.; 400 positions secured in last 2 years.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
lng, mech. purvey, assay, archit.; day& eve.;
est. 1864. VAX DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrs. experience. Press Club bldg.. 123 Ellis.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 572 Parr- bldg.
ZITHER lessons given by MAX MAIER. 526
Turk st., bet. Larkln and Polk.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, sealskins and Jew-
elry. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
paid.
LOST.
LOST — Greyhound: color blue, with white
breast; white tip on tail and feet. ■ Please re-
. turn to 537 Brannan St.. between Fourth and
Fifth, and receive reward.
WHITE fox terrier with brown spots about
eyes, also on shoulder; name Spot; liberal
reward. 17 Powell st.
ON Geary St.. near Mason, noseglasses, with
chain. 421 Geary st.: liberal reward.
LOST— Small black pug bitch, November 7. on
Fill more and McAllister sts. ; answers to name
of Sen Sen. Return to owner and get reward,
142s Golden Gate ave.
FOUND.
FOUND— Greyhound on Point Lobos ave., near
Blake st. Apply at 15 Blake st.
"$lOO,OOO to loan ladies on their diamonds and
Bp«l°'Kln=». KNCII' HAPTTIS. 1' Grant ave.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free— W. 'P. ADAMS, 622 Emma
Spreckels building, 927 Market St.; charges
moderate.
ADVICE free; divorce Jaws; private. J. B.
EVANS, 14 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
CITY Law and Collection Office; advice free.
__777 Market st.. room 7.
L 8. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees In advance. «
ADVICE frfe: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. ■.'?? Market st. _^
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC. Domrstie7*singe7"~and White
cheap; repairing^ guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies, 145 Sixth; 'phone Mint 43.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates, 205 Fourth st.
LEGAL NOTICES. '' "
TO satisfy bottomry bond, «tc.. the steamer
• Clara and barge Monarch, now on the Yukon
river, are offered for sale to the highest bid-
der. Direct offers to WADE CLARK &
WILSON. Attorneys for S Plaintiff, Dawsou.
City, N. W. T., Yukon District.
September 12. 1898.
BICYCLES.
SECOND-HAND bicycles from $9 upTnew~Hrl?
wheels, $18; new 1897 high grade JlOO breyele
for $29; new tires, $2; new pedal*. $"L 25 a pair*
repairing. JOSEPH HOLLE. 2Cth and Folsom.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
LIST your store, property or business place
With WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market St., the
old established and reliable business agents;
we have a large list of buyers who would like
to buy in country towns.
$750— HALF of well paying, pleasant commis-
sion business; or Will trade for Al Oakland
business. Inquire WILKE & UNFUG.
i $375— BEST paying bakery in lively town near
San Francisco; must be sold this week.
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A— sS.",o; CORNER grocery and bar, with ele-
| pant living rooms; low rent; first-class, pay-
ing; sickness only compels owner to sacrifice.
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market Bt.
A— sl°oo- coal and '.yard; established many
years;' doing a splecdld va<-ing business;
horses and wagons; lease: rent $25; death of
owner cause of sale: a genuine good invest-
ment. Particulars WILKE & UNFUG. 906
Market . st. ____
$300— BUTCHER business, old established; wag-
on ! horses, large scales; fine locality; very
large trade; everything in fine running mr
1 see this at once. WILKE & UNFUG. 906
Market st. 1
$375— BAKERY and confectionery; first-class
business; splendid store trade; trial given; a
bargain for somebody. Inquire WILKE &
UNFUG. 906 Market st.
$2000; corner grocery In lively country town
close to this city; doing a good paying busl-
- ness: Including house of 5 rooms, hard fin-
ished; lot EExlOO: horse, wagon, barn, etc. Par-
ticulars WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market St.
$SOO— BAKERY; Just across the bay: baking 4
to 5 barrels flour per day; old established; 5
horses, 3 wagons, 5 living rooms and bath;
seller owns property; Is retiring and will
give liis successor a good chance; best offer
in this line to-day. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$3!'O— FAMILY liquor store; corner: north Mar-
ket: old established; big paying; seller owns
building; will make rent cheap. M. LESS,
* :.::. Market at.
$2750 — HOTEL and bar In best part of city;
larpe bar trade; 20 living rooms; a good in-
vestment; will bear investigation; good rea-
sons for selling. M. LESS v CO., 763 Market.
$200— WOOD and coal yard: central; south of
and near Market st. : good horse and wagon;
e&t. 30 years; splendid LESS. 765 Market.
$123— SALOON with living rooms; established
30 years; between shops and factories; must
be sold at once on account of sickness; rent
only $20 a month. M. LESS & CO., 765 Mar-
ket st.
$2500— CORNER grocery and bar north of Mar-
ket St.; established for SO years; horses and
wagon. LESS & CO.. 765 Market st.
SALOON and lunch house, with 9 fur-
nished rooms; between shops and factories;
part cash; see this at once. LESS & CO.,
765 Market st.
A— WE have buyers to invest In any legitimate
business: parties willing to sell give us a
call. National Business Agency, 7 Grant ave.
$250— SALOON on Market st. : clears $75 per
month easy; must be sold this week on ac-
count of departure; cheap at $500; never such
bargain offered. National Agency, 7 Grant av.
A— sl7s; delicacy store: 3 living rooms; cheap
rent; well fitted up; selling account sickness.
National Business Ex., 7 Grant ave.
■
— COR. saloon; clears $50 month; a snap.
$223 — Cor. grocery and bar; clears $75 month.
$230 Restaurant: No. 1 location; clear $60 mo.
$173 — Branch bakery; Market st.; rent $15.
$200 — Cigar store; receipts $12 per day.
Bargains at National Agency. 7 Grant ave.
$125— BRANCH bakery; pays well; big bargain.
National Business Agency, 7 Grant ave.
A— $2000; HOUSE, 60 rooms, finely furnished;
splendid location for business; biggest bar-
gain in city. S. H. GOULD & CO.. succes-
sors to George Stewart & Co., 632 Market st. j
A— s23o; PARTNER wanted in old-established,
well-located brokerage business; investigate
this for your profit. GOULD & CO., G32
Market st.
A— s9so; CANDY, stationery, notions and spe-
cialties; fine stock; splendid location; big
trade; close Investigation. GOULD & CO.,
633 Market st.
A— s7so: FINE business In close-by, live town, j
paying $130 per month; thorough investigation ;
solicited. GOULD & CO., 632 Market St.
A FEW of BTENBERG CO. BARGAINS:
;„• : $800— Partner; livery stable.
Delicacy store.
$900 — Fine corner saloon.
$400— Partner; paying restaurant.
Cigar store; full value in stock.
$1000— Partner in auction house.
$150 — Oyster grotto; rent $15; a snap.
.......We sell and exchange real estate
and business places of all kinds
BTENBERG CO., 26% Kearny st. i
$175— GROCERY and bar; bargain: account
sickness. N. LOEWENSTEIN. 1023". Market. j
$600— GROCERY and bar; living rooms; owner j
sick; must be sold. N. LOEWENSTEIN,
1023% Market st.
$500— SALOON; 8 furnished living room.«; good
location; bargain. N. Loewenstein, 1023% Mkt
CORNER saloon: a bargain. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 777 Market st.
$400— CORNER grocery and bar; bargain this j
day. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market St.
$250— PARTNER wanted in a light indoor busi- I
ness that will pay $75 to $100 per month year-
ly. Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
KREDO & CO ......22% Geary st.
$450— Fine saloon; 10 nicely furnished rooms;
only $20 rent; a snap.
Branch bakery and school supplies;
just opposite 2 schools; nice living rooms.
Cigar stand; cheap rent; will clear $73
month; look at this.
WANTED— A partner with $150 for a good-
paying- business; no experience necessary.
Address or call on J. B. BELL, 120 Eleventh
Bt., after 6 o'clock p. m.
SINGLE German business lady wants partner
with small capital for paying business. Ad-
dress box 1539, Call office.
MAKE an offer— Half or whole Interest in best
paying- restaurant In Oakland: present owner
there 7 years; reason for change, has whole-
sale business in San Francisco; clearing $200
month guaranteed; fullest investigation and
trial before buying. Owner, Call. Oakland.
FOR SALE— Only collateral loan business In
mining city of 10.000 population. Inquire of
MRS. G. S. HOWE. Grass Valley, Cal.
$100— BAKERY and confectionery; best bargain
in town; also fine road mare, business buggy
and harness. $50 cash. Call 1004 Polk st.
BAKERY: only store trade; cash business;
with a fine, new brick oven. Apply at Call.
BAKERY, restaurant and coffee parlor for
sale;- good location. Inquire Call office.
FRUIT and grocery store; fine business;
horse and wag-on. 1678 Mission St.
$350— STATIONERY store. Apply 703 Broad-
way st.
NEAT restaurant for sale cheap. Call at 1205
Market St., near Eighth.
$1100— SALOON; 17 furnished rooms, all full:
this Is a bargain; rent $20; horse, buggy,
piano; clearing $200 monthly. 865 Market.
CORNER Oak and Franklin— Store suitable for
any business; low rent. Apply 15 Grant ave.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-103
Beale st.
$100,000 to loan on sealskins and diamonds;
strictest privacy. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ave.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE,
H. C. DECKER.
1020 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE FIFTH.
10-room house; only $160
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 550
46-room house; corner .•. 1200
24 rooms; clears $100 600
14 rooms and Powell st. ; new 750
22 rooms near City Hall 500
60 rooms; clears $100 only 750
10 rooms; all rented; business street 300
100 rooms; corner; best on earth 6000
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES
CALL; I CAN SUIT YOU.
H. C. DECKER,
1020 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE FIFTH.
DECKER'S best bargain is a 45 rooming and
boarding house; all in payments; see him at
office, 1020 Market at.
$300 WILL buy a ' 10-room house, clears $80
. per months. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
$400— SUNNY corner: 15 rooms; - worth $1000
For sale by DECKER, 1020 Market st.
12 ROOMS on Ellis St.; cost $2000; new fur-
niture; only $1100
30 rooms; north of Market st.; fine 1500
76 rooms; select: transient; corner 2500
28 rooms; rent $55 550
37 rooms; north of Market: clears $125 1500
10 rooms: all new furniture gog
IF YOU WILL CALL ON US WE WILL
SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION, PRICE AND
SIZE OF HOUSE.
F. C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market st.
L. W. ROGERS, clerk (formerly clerk for
H. C. Decker). £^
V— KREDO & CO 22% Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
9 rooms; Eddy st ; well furnished and
central: look at this $550
11 rooms; O'Farrell st. ; cost $1500; must
sell on account of departure 650 I
12 rooms; McAllister St.; rent $40; always
full: will clear $50 325
38 rooms; fine corner; furniture and car-
pets all good; rent $90 Hop
225—20 rodms. near Market; clears $65 month-
ly; a giveaway. KREPO & CO., 22% Geary.
,OOK AT OUR BARGAINS—
10 rooms $175 18 rooms; fine ...... $550
16 rooms 250 20 rooms: snap 600
87 rooms 700 1 50 rooms.. „ 1250
National Business Agency. 7. Grant ave. ,
.VANTED— Tenants for 73 and 100-room new 1
houses at SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market st.
)'FARRE .L, First-class house of 9 rooms; I
r, completely furnished. . /j
100,000 to loan on stocks and bonds; low Inter-
est. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant av«. |
THE SA]S" FRANCISCO' CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
A_suis;ny NE - corner house In the Western
Addition 14 rooms; modern; would do nicely
for a private boarding-house, lnouire 800
Devisaaero st., corner -' McAllister.
AT 26 Morris ave., off Harrison St.. near Sixth—
Sunny 5 big-room house, good repair, $13;
water free; big yard; big cellar.
GREENWICH. 401, cor. Kearny— sB; house of
5 rooms; clean, healthy and dry.
JUST completed; lodging-house, 37 rooms; all
sunny and on one floor. Southeast corner
; Sixth and Shipley sts.
i PERRY. 20S, near Fourth— 4 rooms and yard;
rent fS: water free. Apply to G. H. UMB-
SEN & CO.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
' $100,000 to loan; ladles' private entrance and
private offices at Uncle Harris', 15 Grant ave.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The W T eekly
Call, In wrapper, for mailing.
COTTAGES TO I,ET.
; NEW 5-room sunny cottage home, big lot, close
I to Golden Gate Station, $14; or will sell, $150
cash, balance like rent. THE MCCARTHY
CO., 64C Market St., San Francisco.
FLATS TO LET.
i A— NICE, cozy 4-roo.m flat: Ellis and Mason
t sts.; $15. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st.
1 BRANNAN, 725. above Sixth— Nice flat of 3
rooms; also 2-room flat; $7 and $5.
I DORE. 319, bet. Bryant and Brannan— Sunny
flat, 4 rooms; first floor; $S.
i GOLDEN GATE ave., 1138, near Webster— New
sunny upper flats, 6 and 7 rooms.
i HAIGHT, 042— Sunny flat, 5 rooms; rent rea-
sonable.
HAIGHT, 1021, above Baker— Nice sunny 5 or
6 room flat; win be newly painted.
! HAYES, 33»- Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and ads taken.
! HYDE. 1720— 5 new choice rooms, $17; also cot-
tage, 6 rooms, $15.
Ml tSS, 30U, bet. Sixth and Seventh, off How-
ard — Lower bay-window flat, 5 rooms; large
yard; rent reduced; key corner Howard.
SIXTH, f.Gl— 3 large sunny rooms, unfurnished;
cellar; large yard; rent cheap.
STEINER, 1123— Modern flat, 5 rooms; bath;
water free. Call IMS Ellis st.
SUNNY bay-window flut, 7 rooms, bath; cot-
tage. 4 rooms; cheap. Northeast corner Do-
lores and Fifteenth sts.
UPPER flat; 3 choice sunny rooms: pantry,
storeroom. $12. 2419 Clay st., near Fillmore.
I WE can rent you a flat wltl: or without a
I flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
]2 OR 3 unfurnished rooms and bath. 1229 Mis-
| sion at., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
i 2 NICE rooms, kitchen, s'ard and basement; $7;
upper flat 5 rooms, bath and conservatory, $12.
16 Folsom ave., eff Folfom st., near Eighth.
$9— LOWER flat, near Mission and Third sts.
Apply 15 Grant ave.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, watches: low rates;
private offices. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ave.
. —
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRANNAN, RE, above Fifth— Front bedroom
and kitchen; furnished for h.iusekg; $S and $6.
■ EDDY, 917— Floor 4 rooms; sunny; large;
beautifully furnished; housekeeping; spjen-
did location.
i EIGHTH, 34— Sunny front parlor, with one or
two bedrooms and kitchen; furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; private family; bath.
FIFTH. 353— Furnished housekeeping; 2 parlors,
kitchen and bath, $20; also 3, $12; Single, $5.
', FOLSOM, 2845— 3 or 4 sunny; front back parlor;
kitchen; pas stove; unfurnished.
GEARY, 556— Sunny large front room suites;
double and single rooms; priv. housekeeping.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Nees ave.— Sunny un-
furnished 3-room suite, with gas range.
$100,000 to loan on sealskins, diamonds and Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harrlß, 15 Grant ave.
HOWARD. 805H. nr. Fourth— Sunny furnished
back and front rooms; hot and cold water.
H< 'WARD, lOCS— Newly furnished sunny rooms,
single or housekeeping; $4 per month up.
HOWARD, 1824— J 1-irge rooms; furnished com-
plete for housekeeping.
JACKSON, <;■ -Sunny front large furnished
I housekeeping rooms, $8 and $3; single, $4.
1 KEARNY. 230— Newly furnished housekeeping
-; also sinple sunny rooms; central loca-
tion, reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH, 517—2 unfurnished rooms for !
housekeeping. j
LEAVEN WORTH, 1015— Three unfurnished con- I
necting basement rooms; bath; rent. $10.
MINNA, 371, near Fifth— Large sunny back
room; water, stove, closets; private family.
MISSION, 864— Fine furnished double parlor for
dentist or doctor; also housekeeping rooms.
MISSION, 1129 — The cleanest and the cheapest;
housekeeping and others.
POLK, 6i c — 2 or 4 unfurnished connecting I
housekeeping rooms; sunny; first-class; rea- |
sonable.
SEVENTH, 551, in rear— ss 50; 2 furnished
housekeeping rooms.
SHIPLEY, 259—1 rooms, $6; no children. Guer-
rero, 1149—2 rooms and bath, $5.
SIXTH. 216V4 — Housekeeping rooms; thoroughly
ated; front or back; running water; reas.
BUNNY upper flat, 7 rooms; newly painted and
papered. 1150 Mission St.. near Seventh; $17 j
TAYLOR. 323— Sunny front light housekeeping
ro'ms. bath and gas, $10 and $12.
TEHAMA. 62, nr. Second— Lower part of house,
8 large rooms, $!); good order; very cheap.
THE Piedmont. 119A Sixth St.— 2 or 2 rooms;
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
THIRD, 309— Large sunny furnished room com-
plete for housekeeping, $7 a month.
TWELFTH, 230C— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
private family: corner flat.
van NEBB, 300— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
also othrr rooms.
HOOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite or single: tirst-clas*
in every respect: terms reasonable.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms per week, $1 50 to
$3; single. $1 to $1 50; day. 2ic to 60c.
BALBOA, The 1049A Market— Changed hands; i
renovated; rooms 50c. suites $1 per day; less ■.
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr: tel.
IiOHKM it it., :i blocks Palaca Hotel—
All conveniences; reasonable; sunny corner
roome; tourists; elevator; board If desired.
CALIFORNIA, 832— Elegant mlta sunny fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen; board if desired.
CLAY, 2407 — 3 sunny unfurnished rooms and
bath in private house; rent $12 50; ref. required.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
EDPY, 328— Elegant suite of furnished rooms;
desirable location; sunny; all conveniences.
ELLIS, 317—2 or 3 double and single rooms for
light housekeeping; reasonable.
GEARY, 610— Large newly furnished bay-win-
dow room; also housekeeping and single rms.
GLOBt; House, £21 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, |1 to $4: reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1050—2 sunny, well-fur-
nished rooms for light housekeeping; gas
Btove, bath and free telephone.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1529—2 unfurnished
rooms and kitchen, $13.
GRAND BOOTHBRN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates; families.
GRANT ave., 17, nr. Market— Sunny suite; albo
single rooms; transient solicited. •
$100 000 to loan on silverware, oil paintings and
pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HASKELL. The. 121 Powell St.— Cheap neat
light sunny rooms; transients; gents preferd.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Elegant
6uitea and singl. rms. ; traslent. Mrs. J. King.
MARKET. 1007 1 ,4— Changed hands; nuites or sin-
gle; reas. MRS. KITTY DOWNING. Prop.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunr.y furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
POST. 910— Sunny front room for gentleman;
running water: private family.
POWELL, 147—211 O'Farrell— Furnished rooms;
suite or single; also transient; rent cheap.
POWELL. 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms; reasonable.
POWELL, 612A— Large sunny room: suitable
for gentleman; new flat; reasonable: ref.
REFINED gentleman wishing nice large room
apply at 1006 Mason st., near Sacramento.
SEVENTH, 192, near Howard (Girard House)—;
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
BHKRMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
BUTTER, 1148, corner Polk— Newly furnished
sunny suites and single; also suite for doc-
tor's office.
TAYLOR, 209— Newly furnished sunny bay-
window room; 2 gents; also 6tngle; private.
- ROOMS TO Continued.
TAYLOR, 624— Furnished bay-window and cor-
ner rooms; all sunny; 2 boarders.
THE BRUNSWICK, 148 Sixth St., corner How-
ard ßest appointed; centrally located; rooms
en suite or single, 25c to $1 night; $1 25 to $0
week: open all night; Howard st. cars pass
house direct from all boats and trains.
TREMONT House. 1773 Market St., opp.Gough—
House newly furnished; single rooms or suites;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
TURK, 629— Sunny furnished and unfurnished
rooms.
WASHINGTON, Changed hands: renovat-
ed; sunny unfurn. rms.; offices: run. water.
ROOMS AND HOARD.
XbBOTsFoRD, The—
Broadway and Polk Quiet, homelike; terms
moderate; board optional; all cars direct.
BOARDING houses find it to their advantage
to buy meat at the Bay City Market.
BUSH, 822— Genteel board and room for gentle-
man an! wife; hot and cold water; $50.
EDDY. 62G (Irvlngdale)— Sunny front bay-win-
dow suits; best board; $40 up; single, $20 up.
"IRVING," 1070 Valencia Bright sunny
rooms; large grounds; with board; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, — Pleasant sunny rooms; best
home cooking; parlor; piano; bath; gentlemen
special rates.
SOUTH PARK, Furnished room with
board.
VAN NESS ave., 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms: first-class table board.
$100,000 to loan on stocks, bonds and warehouse
receipts. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHILD to board; lovely sunny home; mother's
tender care; no other children. 1722 San Pablo
are.. Oakland. _^
CARE of infant or small child by responsible
lady: terms $10. 776 Stevenson st.
STORES TO LET.
BARBER shop to let or good place for shie
store. 1223 Polk st.
PACIFIC, 325, near Sansome— Handsome large
store; very cheap to good tenant.
STORE corner Lafayette and Howard; fixtures
for saloon. Applv 283S Mission gt.
OFFICES TO LET. ~
EMMA BPRECKELB building. 527 MarkeTst?:
light, heat. Janitor and telephone: rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
MARKET, 1032, near Mason— Front suite, first
floor: for doctor or business; terms reas-
onable.
MEDICAL.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter what cause); safe an.l
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all thoga
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential; strong
pills. $1; guaranteed cure. $5. MRS DR
WYETH. 208 Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL Ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davlea
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 122S Market
st. ; pills, $1; very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet'a capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box. sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
pedal diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant ave., S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us. %
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing ;
every woman her own physician: restores al-
ways in one day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or instruments used; consultation fres;
saves disgrace: pills' and capsules, $1; cure.
$5. By the well-known ladies' physician for
37 years. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny at.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly;
consult free; confidential: hours, 9 a. m. to
6 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
ave.; private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance: terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cai.
$100,000 TO loan or. bronzes, silverware; private
entrance. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; irtcea are th»
fame as if < purchased for all cash: bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments ar»l some good pianos for $3, $4 an I
$5 rer month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago la KOHLER & CHASE'S.
16. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all ether musical instruments of alt grade*
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
YOU want a piano. Why not call on us?
SCOTT. CURTAZ PIANO CO. We rent, we
sell, we buy for cash. We own our own
building. ' We guarantee anything purchased
from us for ten years. 526 Hayes st.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, sole agents for Chick-
ering. Steck, Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 18 O1O 1 Fan-ell st.
DECKER & SON pianos take the lead, as they
are best in quality, tone and finish; prices are
low. MAUVAIS. 7C9 Market St.
VERY elaborate cased, high grade piano, per-
fectly new, offered at a great sacrifice for
cash. Room 10, Flood building. '
FOR SALE— An upright piano, $40: 15 Hyde
street.
J6O— ITRIGHT piano; good tune; for sale on
$5 installments. lll'i Post st.
AN elrgnnt Steinway. uprlcht for $2.">0 cash:
must sell. KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness ave.
A PIAXO that will please you. the Byron
Mauzy. 30S Post st.
j HALVES' Bros, and other flrst-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
■ $90 — Elegant Emerson piano; bargain. Schmilx,
16 McAllister St.. next Hlbernia Bank.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest: uprights. $7i ap;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
KKABE pianos; new scale; new ; yiea. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old .and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
W.int ads nnd subscriptions taken.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FINE 16-bore Damascus breech loading~ThoN
gun for $35, made by Henry Skinner, Eng-
land's famous private maker. UNCLE HAR-
RIS, 15 Grant ave.
$20; CAUSE, departure; handsome, almost new
latest style "White sewing machine, 5 draw-
ers, complete attachment. 704 Pine st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand J
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st
above Sixth.
4 DYNAMOS. 200 light, $150; 100 light, $30- 30
flight, $40; 15 light, $25. SMITH. 827 Mission.
FOR sale— 2oo,ooo second-hand bricks; also
doors, various slzett. 74C> Bryant Bt.
REDWOOD moldlngsr 20,000 feet new, modern!
quarter regular price. Apply in rear of 2518
Pine st. J. MACDOXALD.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417^
423 Sacramento st.
YOUNG man from the North has some fine
Klondike skins for sale cheap. Apply room
16, California Hotel.
UPRIGHT piano, only slightly used; standard
make; sell cheap; must Bell. Address or call
at 1046 Post st.
1 AND 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate ave'.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
SECOND-HAND lumber; old buildings bought
and removcil. Yard, FiftP.-nth and Valencia.
CAL. Belting Co., mfgs leather belting, lace lea-
ther; pulleys cvr'd. 519 Mission; tel. Br. 331.
ENGINE boiler, pumps, pulleys, shftng., lndryT
mehy.. dynamos, 2d hand. White, 516 Mission.
PHONOGRAPHS, $2": records. »5 per dozen;
projectoscope, $100. Bacipalupl, ( .i3S-952 Market.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material UM Mission; tel. South 787.
S a KKS— Bargains in new and second hand; all
sites: half origSnal cost. 109-U1 Market. S. F*.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL tpewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
Prices. ALEXANDER £ CO., 110 Montgomery.
A~ HAMMOND. $2.'. Caligraph, $15; Yost. TmT
| get sample work. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery at. ]
PERSONALS.
ANT veterinarian reporting an existing case
of anthrax in California will be paid i»r his
trouble. Address DR. J., box 1576, Call.
I ELECTION "warrants bought. J. BOAS, 330
Montgomery, st.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement;
treatment $2 50. 852 Castro, cor. 7th, Oakland.
LEDEiJER'S Qulnonia should be applied to the
roots of the hair; promotes 'its growth; 25c
a bottle. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton at.
LEDERER, the up-to-date hairdresser, offers
a better grade of hair goods at less prices
than any other dealer in town; call and see.
G. LEDjSKER, 123 Stockton st.
SEE the handsome skirts and fur garments;
prices reduced; at HODGE'S. 905 Market st.
TOOTHACHE— One-Minute Toothache
Drops: for sale by all druggists: price 10c.
DRUMMERS' samples boys' suits, ages 3 to 16;
manufacturer's cost. 107 Sansome, upstairs.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night; SI 60 to $« per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and fram the ferry.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices.
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
-MRS. DR. FU.N'KE. 1416 ?th St.. Alam ed— ,
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LKMOS. 1117 Market at.: bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
■ DRESSMAKING, ladies' tailoring taught; S.
:. F. Dress Cutting School; tailor suits; ball cos-
I tumes, house gowns, negligees, riding habits,
coats, capes, cycling suits; men and women
teachers employed. 916 Mkt.. opp. Emporium.
TAYLOR. MRS. GRAY, stylish dressmak-
ing; perfect fit guaranteed; evening waists a
specialty; reasonable.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant stylish dresses. *5
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy St.. rma. 14-15.
LVIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION!
Returned.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE
Has returned from her Alaska tour, and begs
to Inform her patients, both old and new, that
she ; has opened offices at The Vendome, 1104
Market st.
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees It all, tells you all
and Instantly gives you peace and happiness.
She never asks a question, but before you
utter a word she tells you In full of all that
you are interested in; business, speculation,
love t marriage, divorce, tells of your friends
and enemies.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made ar» the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. HOWE.
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies ; consult
when others fall; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
DR. LOUISE S. DREW, spiritual medium and
healer; hours, 10 to 6; minerals psychome-
trized. 1027& Market st.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. i p. m.
Men.. 8. 25c: sittings 11. 233 Valencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will ehow you how to overcome your enemies, I
remove family trouble, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the. separated, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life while In a per-
fect trance; perfect satisfaction guaranteed i
by mall. Send stamp for circular with spec-
ial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms 25
and 26. 1206 Market st., opp. Sixth. ■■.■■- ......
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant & canlreader;
born with double veil & second sight; diag-
nosis disease with full life reading: la. 50c:
pent*. $1: palm & clalr.; sit $1 CO. 12S Turk.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1043A Market St.;
The Balboa. ?..;-:. '
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth, rm.lo.
CONSULT the lucky medium; 25c. 349U Minna
street.
MME. LENEMAR; fortune by planets; pre-
dicted overdue stmr. Gould in "74. 2314 6th, r.3.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
Bdviee; names given; Sic up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. STBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band' picture. {Be: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. 13AUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 815 O'Farret! st.
MOHT-Y TO LOAN. .
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1022 Mission St.. above '
Sixth: telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 943 Market st. : telephone Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
movr.!; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion: lowest interest. Room CB. 117 1 Market.
ANY amount at 6H per cent on real estate. 2d |
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro- ■
bate. R. McCOLOAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. S. |
BORROW from the CUT RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason, opp. Olympia Music Hall.
JlOO.OOO to loan on stocks, ' bonds and diamonds;
strictest privacy. Uncle Harris. 1." Grant ave.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister St.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. C3(S Market St.
}30 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery st.
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth. $3 ; crowns, J3; fill-
ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner .Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; sea new flexible j
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years: !
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work j
our specialty; fillings, 50c: crowns, $3 60; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den- '
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 113?.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of nainless extraction ! and pat-
entee of improved bridge work or teeth with-
out "plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
SET of teeth. $5: fillings, gold, $1 up; silver, 25c I
up; bridgework; plates repaired; all work I
painless and warranted 10 years. New York
Dentists. 969 Mission St., corner Sixth.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full set
of teeth, $5 up: fillings. 250 up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth, 14; filling, gold 50c, silver 25c;
crowns $3; open 9 a. in. to 10 p. m. Paris
Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. I DR. J.
.W. KEY. 1820 Market st. ,
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG, IS4I Polk et.
CARPET CLEANING, i
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Work?— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
3S and 40 Eighth st. : telephone South 260.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer : Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama St.: tel. S. 40,
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard; t»l. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave. : tel. East 126. / '. . ■■•,-»■•-•
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS "for Fresh Beef and Mutton-
Office Chief Commissary. San Francisco. Cal..
Oct. 11, IS9B. Sealed proposals for furnishing
and delivering Fresh beef and mutton will be
received here and at 1 offices of Commissaries
-■ at Alcatraz Inland. Ansel Island. Benlcia
Barracks, Fort Mason. Presidio of San Fran-
cisco and San Pi ego Barracks, Cal., until 11
o'clock a. m.. November 11. 1838, and then
opened. Information furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals should
be indorsed "Proposals for Fresh Beef and
Mutton," and be addressed to undersigned or
to Commissary at post to be supplied. S. F.
THORN. Major. Chief Commissary.
STORAGE!.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Of flea 101 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5711.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
i $3300— northwest corner of Twenty-third
I and Dolores sts.; fair 2-story building with
store and 6-room flat; lot 50x57: there are 33
feet of this lot vacant, which can be im-
proved to bring in large returns; want to
close out. Owner, GEO. B. M. GRAY, 454
Ninth St., Oakland. '
$100,000 to loan; low Interest: strictest privacy;
j on diamonds. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
| $10.000— ONE of Hay wards choicest homes; 17H
acres of land all in bearing trees, 11 acres
of which are prunes, balance apricots and
plums: all 12 years old; fine modern house
of 8 rooms and bath; barn, chicken houses,
chickens, horse, carriage; all farming tools;
house completely furnished; sold 2 years ago
for $17,000 cash; 10 minutes' walk to electric
cars and center of town. Owner, 434 Ninth
: st., Oakland.
; $1700—25 ACRES, 4 miles from Martinez. IB
minutes from the new railroad depot; 5 acres
in hill land, wood; 4 acres in table grapes;
all bearing; family orchard; house of 4 rooms,
barn, good well, horse, cow, wagon, chickens
and farming tools. J. A. 2., Martinez. Cal.
TO rent— A small orchard, with good house,
barn .and chicken yard, near Oakland and
San Leandro electric railroad. Driver, ABER
& CO.. San Leandro. . ■ ■
100 ACRES IVt miles from the town of Red
Bluff; all level and fine grain or fruit land;
must be sold; make an offer. Box 1868, Call.
160 ACRES Una creek land; Coos County. Or.;
$5 per acre. Apply at 515 Sacramento st.
$100,000 to loan on watches, bronzes; private en-
trance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave..
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
42 ACRES; part bottom land; new vineyard
and orchard; stream of water year round; for
San Francisco property; would assume mort-
gage. I. ANDREWS. 1611 Waller st.
10 ACRES of land, near Fresno; best of soil:
house, barn, well and Irrigating water for
property around the bay; $2000; clear. J. H.
EDSON, 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
LOT 165x65 and improvements, $650. In San
Jose; or exchange. Address 112 Eleventh st. .
i OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS. 1
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND RKAL ESTATE.
i FOR sale in Oakland — New house, 7 rooms and
bath; 2-story; best construction and finish;
lot 40x125; fine neighborhood; 3 minutes from
railroad station; 30 minutes from San Fran-
i Cisco; monthly installments. HERON &
HOLCOMB, 1050 Broadway.
$9000— 71- ACRE fine ranch, near Oakland; In-
come $2500 a year; 30 acres also; want a fair
offer: also 6-room house; call for a list of
homes: 30-page catalogue of homes. E. E.
| BUNCE. 908 Broadway, Oakland.
| BY the owner on easy terms, house, 5 rooms,
bath; patent closets; wanhtrays: 2 minutes
I to Market-st. station; 4 blocks of Broadway,
Box 412, Call office. Oakland.
j $100,000 to loan; low interest: private office*,
private entrance. Uncle Harris. IS Grant ave.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats. $12 to $17; no dark rms.;
. stove and porcelain bath; water, ash man
free: Adeline station, Oakland; key 940 Union
st. KOENIO & KROLL. 1006 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
! COMPLETELY furnished housekeeping rooms;
flats 3 or 4; also single. 1453-55 Broadway.
I OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— nnd cheao. 11. SCHELI,-
HAAS' old »tnr», 40* Fl~.n»h at. «»« M->
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1400— " close an estate: lot 40x100: modern
house. 7 rooms; 2 blocks from station and
school.
$1000— Snap; lot 50x150; house of 4 rooms; 2
blocks from Morton st. station.
$2800— New Colonial cottage. 7 rooms and
: bath; 10f42x150; elegant location: easy terms.
i Elegant home on Central ave.; lot 50x207. See
i this at once. Houses- to let in all parts of Ala-
meda. H. P. MOREAL & CO.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, Installment home
builders and real estate agents. 1500 Park St.,
Alameda. Cal.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$5000— 5-room cottage; bath, laundry: 1% acres;
12 min. walk to Berkeley stn. Freese * Cod-
illngtcn. 2ir> Stanford pi., opp. Berkeley stn.
i FOR SALE— $3500; new 7-room house; all
latest improvements; near the university;
large lot: street work all done. JOSEPH
J. MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley station.
_— — _ _
HORSES.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyards. 220 Valencia St., between Thir- '
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own price.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JUST arrived— 2 carloads of horses from 1200 to
2000 lbs. Occidental Salesyards. 721 Howard.
WAGONS AND , CARRIAGES.
I SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
■ bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln.- opp. City Hall.
PHYSICIANS? ~ ~™ ~
' DR. MACQUEEN'S Family Consulting Rooms. I
Advice and medicine, $1 50; open 9:30 to 6. 997
Market, cor. Cth, opp. Weinstock & Lubln's.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
1206 Market: diseases of women a specialty.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATH i
Birth, marriage and death notices pent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
I in at either of the publication offices and be
I Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
GUARDIA— In this city, November 8, 1898, to
the wife of Luis Guardla, a son.
MILLER— In Tracy, San Joaquin County, No-
vember 9, 1898, to the wife of Charles Miller,
a son. -. . • . ' •
MURPHY— In this city. November 5, .1898, to
the wife of John Murphy, a daughter.
SEIPE— In this city. November 6, 1898. to the
wife of E. F. Seine, a son. -. v: ■
DIED.
Breece, Margaret McEaehren, B. D.
Burfeind, Christina Manning. Andrew
Corran, David W. Monotti. Modesto ' *
Crawford, Mary F. Moran, Edward M. ■
Crowley. Mary Morris, Charles W.
Dordmund, Henry W. O'Connor. Patrick
Flues, Emil Parkes, Ellen
j Freese, Frederick Partridge, Willard A.
Gibouret, Alphonse Pretorlous, Mary .
Hansen, Clara N. Quinn, Thomas F. L.
Harvey, Herbert Scholtz, Frank
Hauer, Augusta Sinnons, Capt. A. T.
Holbrook. Mrs. H. C Smith, Captain T.
Holliday Isaac .» Smith. Minnie
Johnsen. John Spain. Louisa
Kehoe, Catherine Sullivan. Daniel F.
Leidecker, Augiiste ■- Troyer. Ethel A. ' •
Lindwall, Charles Wiederwiltz. Willie
Lynde. Martha E. •• .
BREECE— In London;' England, November 8.
IS9B, Margaret, beloved wife of the Abraham
I'.reece of San Francisco.
BURFEIND— In this city. November 8, 1898,
Christina Burfeind (nee Schuler), beloved
daughter of August and Anna Schuler, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 26 years 6 months
and 9 days.-, •
(CTFnends and acquaintances • are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
.■ (Thursday), .at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington
. street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery..
CORRAN— In Oakland, November 8, 1898, David I
Westly, beloved son of Robert and Elizabeth
Corran, a native of Oakland, aged 1 year 6
- months and It? days. .
CRAWFORD— In this city. . November 8. 1898,
i Mary Frances, dearly beloved wife of Fran-
cis Crawford, daughter of Mary M. Crawford,
and sister of Mrs. •-' John O'Shaughnesy and
Alice Dougherty, a native of Philadelphia,
Pa., aged 27 years and 5 months. ■ --:--
Not Ice of funeral hereafter.
CROWLEY— In this city, November 8, 1898, at
2329 California Htreet, Mary Crowley, beloved
sister . of T. J. Crowley, Mrs. Hannah Bag-
ley and Mrs. Margaret Draper, a native of
Ireland. ■ '
(E7"Notlee of funeral hereafter.
DORDMUND— Petaluma, November 6, IM*
Henry Wilhelm, beloved . husband of Maria
.Dordmund, a , native of Hanover. Germany,
aged E8 years. - .
K7"The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence in Petaluma,
FLUES— the City and County Hospital. No-
. vember 8, 1898, Emil Flues, a native of Ger-
• many, aped 60 years.
FREESE— In Oakland, November 8. 189.8, Fred-
erick Freese,'. beloved father of i_,ucle. My re
• and ■ Johanna Freese,: Catherine Send, and
Annie Horn, a native of Lobbendorf, Ger-
many, aged Si years 5 months and 8 days.
C7"Friends -and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the 'funeral to-morrow
(Thursday),-, at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
•• dence. 1422 Fourteenth street. Interment
- Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland. •
GIBOURET— In this city. . November 7. 1598;
Alphoose, beloved husband of Mrs. Adellnde
Gibouret, and father of Emile Gibouret, a
native of France, aged 43 years 9 months and
12 days.
C?" Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 79 South Park, between Second and
Third streets, thence to the French church,
Notre Dame des Victoires, where a mass will
be said for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock.
HANSEN— In this city, November S, 1^93,
Clara N., dearly beloved wife of Albert Han-
sen. and sister of Martha Alaguez and Josie
and Frank Battles, a native of Vallejo, aged
29 years and S day?.
B^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing i.arlors of Valente. Marinl & Co.. 1524
Stockton street. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
HARVEY— In this city, November R. 1898,
Herbert, loved husband of Elizabeth A. Har-
vey, father of the late William H. Harvey
and Mrs. .1. H. Evans, and grandfather of
Hebard. William and Grace Harvey and
Bridewell H. and George M. Evans, a native
of St. Andrews, New Brunswick, aged 91
years.
HAUER— In this city, November 8. IS9B. Au-
gusta, beloved daughter of Fritz and Ma-
thilda Hauer. and sister of Anna, Frederick.
Mathilda and Harold Hauer, a native of Sen
Francisco, 14 years.
HOLBROOK— In Sturgis, Mich.. November 8.
IS9B, Mrs. H. C. Holbrook. wife of the late
Dr. Holbrook, and mother of C. B. and P. A.
Holbrook of San Francisco, aged 78 years.
HOLLIDAY— In Alameda, November 1. 1898,
Isaac Holliday, a native of England, aged
f7 years.
K7Th<- funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the mor-
tuary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company. 2423 Mission street, near Twenty-
first. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
JOHNSEN— In the City and County Hospital,
November 8. 1898. John Johnsen. a native of
Germany, rued 52 years.
KEHOE— In this city, November 7. IS9S. Cath-
erine, beloved sister of Peter Kehoe. a na-
tive of County Carlow, Ireland, aged 64 years.
(CFriemis and acqualntanro? are respect-
fully Invited to attend the runeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 72* Brannan street, thence to St.
Ruse's Church, where a solemn requiem iivi?s
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
LKIDECKER- In this city. November S. IS9S,
Auguste. beloved wife of C. F. C. Leideckor.
and mother of Alfred, Ferdinand. Freder'ck
and Waldmar Leldecker, a native of Had-
er?leben, Germany, aged 40 years and 7
months.
LINDWALL— In this city, November 8. 1838.
Charles, beloved husband of Elizabeth Lind-
wall. and father of William Lindwall. a na-
tive of Sweden, aged 64 years 4 months and 17
days. A member of Austrian Benevolent
Society and Court Eucleian No. 13, !
ters of America.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 4 McCormlck place, off PaciflV street,
between Hyde and Larkin. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
LYN'DE— In Oakland, November 8, IS9S. Mar-
tha E.. Wife of the late A. A. Lyndo. and
mother of Mrs. Minnie C. r.eynolds of San
Francisco and Mrs. George E. Hanseom of
Vallejo, a native of Illinois, aged 62 years
and 7 months.
McEACHREN— In this city, November 7, IR9B,
Benjamin D., beloved husband of Sarah Mc-
Kachren. a native of Prince Edward Island,
aged 63 years.
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at :<:3O o'clock, from his late
residence, M7 Stevenson street, between
Sixth and Seventh, thence to St. Patrick's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MANNING— In San Lorenzo, Alameda County,
November 7. IS9B, Andrew, beloved husband
of the late Mary Manning, a native of County
Longford, Ireland, aged 6S years.
IC7"Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at
9:30 o'clock, from his late residence, 830 Polk
street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose cf his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MONOTTI— In this city, November 7, IS9S, Mo-
desto, beloved husband of the late J.isle
Monotti. and beloved father of Serena Mon-
otti and Mrs. O. Galgiani. a native of Switz-
erland, aged 4S years,
B^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thl>- day
nt 2 o'clock, from Garibaldi
Hall. 423 Broadway, where services will be
held under the auspices of Galileo Grove.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetry.
MORAN— In this city, November 8, 1888, Ed-
ward Martin, dearly beloved son of Edward
and Delia Moran, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year and 4 days.
MORRIS —In this city, November *. 1898,
Charles W. Morris, a native of Ohio, aged
?0 yean.
(C7 Friends and acquaintances may view the
remains this day (Wednesday), until 2
o'clock, at the funeral parlors of J. Hagan,
17 i..- 1700 Sncramento street, near Polk. In-
terment Neosha Falls, Kans.
O'CONNOR— In '.his city. November 8, 1898,
at £2G Michigan street. Potrero. Patrick, be-
loved husband at Minnie O'Connor, and father
of Delia O'Connor, a native of Castle-Island,
County Kerry. Ireland, aged 31 years.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the Catholic
church, Vallejo. Interment Vallejo.
PARKES— In this city, November 8. 1898. Ellen
Parkes. beloved mother of Mrs. John L. Wil-
liams, a native of Ireland, aged 78 years.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 613»^ Lombard street, thence to St.
Francis Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
PARTRIDGE— In this city, November 7, 1898,
Willard A., beloved husband of Delia Part-
ridge, and father of Raymond and Valeria
Partridge, a native of Maine, aged 34 year3
6 months and 9 days.
IHT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attond the funeral to-morrow
(Thursdav), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. J63H Bryant street, near Fourth,
thence to St. Rose's Church, Brannan street,
near Fourth, where the services will be held,
commencing at 2 o'clock. Court Magnolia No.
2?, F. of A., are invited to attend.
PRETORIOUS— November 8, IS9B. Mary, be-
loved wife of Frederick Pretorlous, and
mother of Mrs. H. Van Houten, Mrs. E. E.
Peck and Charlie, Ethel and Camille Pre-
torious.
(CNotice of funeral hereafter.
QUINN— In this city, November 7. IR9B. Thomas
F. L., beloved husband of Maude Qulnn,
father of Thomas Sherman Quinn. and step-
father of James and Jessie Mackintosh, a na-
tive of Australia, aged 40 years.
[CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the family
residence, 12fi Chattanooga street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
SCHOLTZ —In this city, November 8, 189S,
Frank, beloved son of H. S. and Nellie
Scholti, a native of Vallejo, Cal., aged 14
years 2 months and 10 days.
SINNONS— In Langton Bay. Arctic Ocean, Oc-
tober 17. 189$, Captain Abram T... beloved
husband of Pri^cllla A. Sinnons, nnd father
of Loretta and Allen Sin-" >s ; n native of
Massachusetts, agpd 4K jreais.
SMITH— In this city, Novmber 8. 189*. Captain
Theodore Smith, beloved husband of Sarah,
Frances Smith, and beloved tathor of Sidney
S Frank F.. Francis E.. Frederick D. and
Flora K. Smith, a native of Barnstabie, Mass.,
aged 56 years 4 months and 4 days.
SMITH— In Oakland, November 6. IW. Min-
nie beloved wife of John Smith, daughter of
Thomas Connlff. mother of George, John and
Alfred Smith, sister of Patrick, Joseph. Ag-
nes and Lena Conniff and Mrs. Delia Corbett,
and niece of Michael Flnnegan, Mrs. M.
Sullivan and Mrs. Spellman, a native of Car.
rlgan. County Galway, Ireland, aged 26 years
8 months and 17 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from her lat*
residence, 1810 Market street, Oakland,
thence to St. Francis de Sales Church, wher»
a solemn requiem mase will be celebrated for
the repoee of her soul, commencing at 8:45
o'clock thence by 10 o'clock creek boat to
San Francisco. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
SP\IN— Ir. this city. November 6, IS9B. Louisa
beloved mother of Michael Spain, a
native of Oregon, agad 35 years.
irrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fullv Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J B. Metzler. 636. Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city, November 7. 1898,
Daniel Francis, beloved son of John and Jo-
hanna Sullivan, and brother of William.
Mary and Maggie Sullivan and Mrs. W.
Hannlver, a native of San Francisco, aged 23
years 11 months and 1 day. (Fall River.
Mass., papers please copy.)
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the iuneral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents. 264 Dore street, off Har-
rison between Ninth and Tenth, thence to
St Josephs Church, where a requtem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
rROYER —In this city, November 8, IS9I,
Ethel Annie, beloved infant daughter of
Charles W. and Agnes E. Troyer, a native of
San Francisco, aged ."> months and 10 days.
ItfyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, 'from the residence
of her parents, 710 Folsom street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
VEIDERWILT— In this city, November 7, 1898,
of di-ihtheria, Willie, beloved son of John
and Antoinette WiedenvlH, grandson of Mrs.
A. Colombat, and nephew of Henry Colom-
bat. aged 8 years and 2 months.
L B. GALLAGHER Mrs. H. J. GALLAGHER
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
Successors to Flanagan & Gailaghtr),
iTJNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALS!ERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
VOY. Manager.
WcAVOV <fc CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERB I
1216 Market st, between Bth and Bth.
Telephone, South 247. j
1314
THE TROOPS
HAVE FOLDED
THEIR TENTS
Sailing of the Newport
for Manila.
GENERAL MILLER SALUTED
TWO SOLDIEBS OF THE WYOM
ING BATTERY LEFT.
•Xhe Investigation Into the Beports
of the Fort Baker Scandal Will
Be Continued Again
To-Day.
The !a~°t of the troops of the Eighth
Army Corps, better known as the Philip
pine" Island Kxpeditionary Forces, have
!eft San Francisco. The encampment of
this army corps here, which beiran six
months ago. in now a thing of the past.
The Presidio presented a deserted appear
ance yesterday and out on the cavalry
parade only the remains of the tent floor*
showed whore th.» soldiers had lived. It
•will he many months before the reserva
tion will again have that immaculate
military neatness that existed before the
General Marcus P. Miller with the
Third Battailon of the Kansas regiment
and the Wyoming light Battery sailed
yesterday afternoon on the Newport.
Many people were at the wharf to bid
good-by to the general and the officers
■who sailed with him. It was after 3
o"clpck when The transport cast off her
line's and stood out into the stream. As
the Newport passed Alcatraz she was
given a salute of eleven guns in honor of
General Miller, and this was repeated
■when the vessel reached the gate by the
guns at Fort Point.
Mrs. Lowenberg, who has charge of the
Bed Cross work in the feeding of the de
parting soldiers, will to-day close the
quarters of the society, which have been
in the old Sausalito ferry building. The
Bed Cross has done a noble work in look
ing after the comfort of the soldiers in
this respect.
Two of the enlisted men of the Wyo
ming Battery missed their boat because
they left the wharf and did not get back
until the Newport had sailed. These men
■wTTTbe sent to Manila on one of the regu
lar passenger vessels.
In addition to the troops the following
men and women took passage on the
Newport:
The wife of Colonel Frederick Funston.
Twentieth Kansas Regiment, who sailed
on the Indiana two days a-fter his mar
riage; the wife of Lieutenant W. T. J.
Diss of the California Heavy Artillery,
who sailed on the Puebla; the daughter
of General Miller, the daughter of Major
General T. M. Anderson, the wives of
Lieutenants C. G. Woodward and M. K.
BarroU, aids to General Miller; Assistant
Surgeon Kemp, Lieutenant Robert H.
Allen, Fourteenth Infantry; Major Pot
ter, brigade surgeon; Captain C. A. De
mi quartermaster of General Otis' staff;
Major G. A. Goodale, Twenty-third In
fantry; Lieutenant McMullan of the
navy. Captain Frank E. Adams, First
Washington; the wife and fourteen
xnonihs' old child of Lieutenant Erwin of
the same regiment; T. W. Copley of Bos
ton, Mason Peters of Kansas, son of
Congressman Peters; Colonel Henry M.
Lazelle, retired colonel of the Eighteenth
Infantry and once Governor of West
Point, and the son of Colonel James Bid
dir former colonel of the Ninth Cavalry.
The Investigation into the reports that
have been circulated about the officers »f
Battery B. California Heavy Artillery,
will be r.sumed to-day. The matter was
permitted to go over yesterday, as Gen
WILL DRYDOOK -A-T THE N\A.VY Y.AJR,:D.
The Italian cruiser Etna has b^ n 1 , c months^g^J^S SiJf S^S^rh.'^^ln^t'Si
g W J™Z?Zw£££ A reception and ball are to be tendered the officers and crew by
the Italian colony during the vessel's stay In port.
eral Merriam and Lieutenant Bennett
went out on the McDowell to see the
Newport off to Manila.
RACING AT OAKLAND.
The Sprinters Are Given a Chance to
Shine— Probable Winners.
The racing card at Oakland this after
noon appears to have been arranged with
the idea of giving the cheaper class of
horses an opportunity to win purses, but
as the fields are fairly well classed should
furnish some good sport. The entries are
as follows:
First Race— Five furlongs; maidens; three
year-olds and upward.
182 Spry Lark 1091 ... Corrtente 109
163 Smyle 104 ...Azaliah 109
96 Zem Zem 104: ...Be Happy I<M
... Jerilderio 104 143 Little Sister 109
Second Race— Futurity course; about six fur-
Innps: maiden; two-year-olds; selling.
136 Petfr Weber.... 109 176 Engea JM
... Alhafa 109 160 Glengaber 112
175 Jinule Jingle. ...l-2
Third Raop- Five furlongs; maidens; three
year-nlds end upward.
172 Miss Dividend. .lo4 l 158 Rose Maid 104
(129)Celom 109 16S Queen Nubia.. ..109
172 IJttlf Alarm 104 I^2 Juanita 103
... Bonnie lone 104 182 Manzanilla 109
Fourth Race— One mile; selling; three-year
olds.
170 P. A Finnegan.Wol 173 Magnus 90
170 Soecol 101' 176 San Venado 108
(149) Plan 104! 17S Inverary %
Fifth Race— Six furlongs; sellings three-year
olds and upward.
15S Fashion Plate. .ll2l 172 Chihuahua. 107
155 p F 112 172 Ed Gartland 11.107
14R Major Cook 112' 177 Howard 112
177 Lost Girl 112' 172 Roadwanner ...112
171 Sport McAllisterllsi
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Little Sister, Be Happy, Jeril
derio.
Second Race— Engea, Glengaber, Jingle
Jingle.
Third Race — Little Alarm, Celoso, Juanlta.
Fourth Race— Inverary, San Venado, Plan.
Fifth Race — Ed Gartland 11, Chihuahua,
Fashion Plate.
Symphony Society Season-
The allotment of scats to members and
subscribers for the season of IS9S-99 will
commence on Thursday morning, Novem
ber 10, at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s music
store. Mr. Fritz Scheel has again been
engaged a? conductor, and a magnificent
series of programmes has been arranged.
The season consists of eight concerts,
commencing on Thursday afternoon, No
vember 17, and continuing on alternate
Thursdays until February. 1599. The con
certs will be held at the Orpheum, where
the increased space will accommodate a
number of new subscribers who are anx
ious to join the society.
A. G. Glenn has returned from his
Eastern trip and encouraged by the
outlook from what the Columbus
Buggy Company has done since its re
organization—unable to supply the de
mand for fine vehicles during the pres
ent year — is now looking for a better
place for Pacific Coast headquarters. |
Capitalists and real estate men are in- j
vited to submit propositions. Columbus
Buggy Company, A. G. Glenn, general
agent, 121 Market street.
SOME OF THE HUMORS OF YESTERDAY'S ELECTION.
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1898.
KELLINI INTENDED
TO KILL SPREEN
WOUNDED BARTENDER FOUND
BY POLICE YESTERDAY.
After Shortirg Him Down Kellini
Turned the Revolver Upon
Mrs. Parker With Dead
ly Effect.
George Spreen. the bartender who was
with Mrs. Louisa Parker, alias Spain,
when she was shot and killed by Toraaaso
Kellini in the grocery and saloon, 117
Second street, Sunday afternoon, was
found by Detective Graham at a house
on Linden avenue, near Laguna street,
Wednesday afternoon and taken to police
headquarters. He made the following
statement:
I have known the dead woman, Louisa Spain,
about a couple of years. I was in the gro
cery store at Second and Minna streets.
Charles Sanderson's store, around 1 o'clock.
The shooting occurred about that time. I
went in with Louisa Spain and we had a glass
of beer and while we were in there he (Tom
Kellini) came in. He did not say a word to
me but bought a Kla?s of beer for himself,
and while he was drinking the beer he came
behind the boxes and started talking to her,
Louisa Spain. She said: "Go over to the
house and I will be there afterward." He
then said: "I will give you five minutes.
Th^n he pulled a pistol out and shot me. I
suppose he shot me because I was with the
woman. After he shot me I fell to the floor
and laid over on my side. I fell over with a
chair and then saw him shoot the woman,
Louisa Spain, and when I got up he was gone
and she was lying behind a couple of chairs.
Then I went out the side door, down Mission
street, and took a boat to Sausalito and stayed
over there a little while and came back again
to San Francisco.
Spreen was shot In the right shoulder,
the bullet passing almost through. After
making his statement he was taken to the
Receiving Hospital, where the bullet was
ex tract od by Dr. Thompson. He then
went home.
Kelllni's case was called in Judge Mo
pan's court yesterday morning, but as the
Judge was sick Judge Conlan was sent for
and continued the case until to-morrow
morning. An additional charge of assault
to murder was booked against him for
shooting Spreen.
Pioneer Lodge Entertained.
Last evening Pioneer Lodge of the JYiends
of the Forest, after the routine business was
over, was invited to the banquet hall by
Mrs. A. Boehm, a member of the lodge,
who was recently elected supreme treas
urer of the order. There she treated the
membership and visitors to a collation in
celebration of her elevation to the high
position of trust. There was an inteiest
Ing address by the hostess: remarks by
Supreme Chaplain Mrs. Blackall, Mrs.
Sholten, Dr. Patton, C. F. Brandon and
others, after which the hall was cleared
of tables and there was dancing until
midnight.
Opening of a New Mission.
A new mission will be opened at 7 City
Hall square, near Market street, on
Thursday evening at 8 o'clock. It will be
known as Christ's Mission, and will be
under the direction of Major and Mrs.
Frank Robinson, who have been engaged
in rescue work for several years in tnls
city and elsewhere. Rev. Dr. Charles E.
Locke of the First Methodist Episcopal
Church will dedicate the hall and deliver
the opening address. There will be plenty
of good talent present to help the good
cause, and all In sympathy with the work
are requested to attend.
New Valley Road Time Table.
The new time table of the San Francisco
and San Valley Railroad will go
into effect to-morrow at 12:01 a. m. The
south bound train, leaving Stockton at
8:20 a. m., win reach Fresno at 11:40 a.
m., and Bakersfield at 3:20 p. m. The
north bound, leaving Bakersfleld at 11:25
a. m., will reach Fresno at 2:25 p. m., and
Stockton at 5:50 p. m.
On the loop line the train leaving
Fresno at 11:43 a. m. reaches Visalia at
12:58 p. m. On the return trip, leaving
Visalia at 1:15 p. m., it arrives at Fresno
at 2:30 p. m.
Was Not Turned Out.
Mrs. Wright, who at the solicitation of
the Associated Charities, sheltered Alfred
Kenoyer and his family for about nine
weeks, says that Kenoyer left her home
and went to the Receiving Hospital of his
own accord on Sunday evening. The story
told to Officer McMurray that he was
turned out, she says, is totally untrue.
When he took his departure he was de
linquent in his rent about five weeks, and
although he has had opportunities to
work, she says he has disregarded them
all.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge.
The membership of Loyal Rebekah
Lodge of the I. O. O. F. on Monday night
gave one of Its complimentary socials,
which was attended by a large number
of the friends of the members. They wee
treated to an excellent programme of
musical and literary selections. After the
programme Miss Tillie Braver, as floor
manager, took possession of the hall and
there was dancing until a late hour.
State Floral Society.
The next regular meeting of the Cali
fornia State Floral Society will be held
in Central Hall building, 223 Sutter street,
on November 11. Professor F. T. Biolettl,
instructor in bacteriology In the State
University, will deliver a lecture on "Bac
teria and Their Relations to Plant
Growth." Officers for the ensuing year
will be nominated.
Presents for the Soldier Boys.
The steamer St. Paul will leave this port
for Manila on the 17th lnst. with Gov
ernment supplies and mail for Manila-
She will also take, freight free, Christmas
presents for the soldiers and sailors of
the United States stationed in thatuiort.
Presents may be left at 139 Jessie street
up to the day of sailing.
A Brewer's Suicide.
John C. Lindwall, a native of Sweden,
aged about 60 years, committed suicide
yesterday afternoon by swallowing the
contentsof a vial of strychnine. The dead
man left a widow and son. He had been
sick for some time, and was despondent.
Lectured on Dietaries.
Dr. Thomas D. Wood of Stanford Uni
versity lectured to the teachers and stu
dents of the Golden Gate Kindergarten
Association yesterday afternoon on "Die
taries for Young Children." The address
was listened to with interest.
SUICIDE AT SANTA CRTX*. "
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. B.— A man named
Larepa committed suicide last evening at
his home on Rincon street. He had been
quarreling with his family and they
feared he would shoot one of them and
had left the house with the Intention of
calling a policeman. They had been
away only a few minutes when they heard
the report of the gun, and then immedi
ately returned. . .
Larepa had taken his shotgun and
seated himself in a chair. He then at
tached a string to the trigger. The str ng
was placed around his foot and leveling
the gun at his head he pulled the trig
ger, the charge blowing oft tnfe top of
his head.
CRUISER ETNA
WILL DOCK
FOR REPAIRS
She Will Go to the
Navy-Yard.
A RECEPTION FOR THE CREW
ITALIAN COLONY TO ENTER
TAIN OFFICERS AND MEN.
Steam Whaler Thrasher Brings News
From Kotzebue Sound — The
Miners Were in Win
ter Quarters.
The officers and majority of the crew
of the Italian cruiser Etna came ashore
yesterday to see how an election was
conducted in America. They visited
the polling booths in the vicinity of the
water front in crowds during the day,
and both officers and men commented
upon the orderly manner in which things
were done. The Etna will be in port a
month or six weeks. During that time
the Italian colony will gi\'e a grand re
ception and ball in honor of the crew of.
the warship, and there will be return
functions aboard the Etna. During her
stay the cruiser will go on the drydock at
Mare Island, but as the date on which
she will go to the navy-yard has not been
fixed no time can be set for the projected
festivities.
There was a great outpouring of the
Italian colony during the day, and Peter
son's launches were kept busy carrying
visitors to the warship. No one was
taken aboard in the ship's boats, but all
the visitors who went out were permitted
to board and inspect the cruiser. The
officers of the Etna are Captain Giovanni
Giorillo; Lieutenant Commander Stanis
lois Lorecchio, executive officer; Lieuten
ant Angelo Frank, navigating officer;
Lieutenant Gionnelli, D. Loreto, Mouray,
Lechi; ensign, Coltelletti Contracano;
midshipmen, Gandolfo, Vi«o, Perce, Pofsi,
L>e Orentis; chief engineer, Montaldo; as
sistant engineers, Pastena, Penzo, Ver
zeginetti; surgeon, Caforio; paymaster,
Pinetti.
First Lieutenant John B. Bennett of Ihe
Seventh Infantry, aid to General Mer
riam, officially called on the commanding
officer of the Italian cruiser Etna yester
day morning for the purpose of formally
offering to the vessel and its officers the
courtesies of the harbor and neighboring
post on the part of the department com
mander. This visit will be formally le
turned by the officers of the vessel to
day.
The steam whaler Thrasher arrived
from the Arctic yesterday with 15.U00
pounds of whalebone. She brought down
two of the Kotzebue Sound gold hunters
who walked from the Kubuek River to
Point Hope in the expectation of catch
ing a whaler bound for San Francisco.
They left the other gold hunters in win
ter quarters on October 5. The rivers
were not frozen then and it looked as
though there would be a couple more
weeks of open weather. Provisions were
plentiful and four houses had been erect
ed at the mouth of the Kubuck and three
schooners were wintering there. There
was an Indian village and a missionary
in the vicinity, so the miners will not be
lonesome during the winter. There will
be a great amount of prospecting done
during the com weather. One miner
found some rich quartz, but it was only
float rock, and a party was searching for
the ledge when the camp broke up.
The river steamer John Riley, that went
on a sandbar, has been shored up for the
winter, and it is expected that she will
be got off in the spring without any dam-
age.
The returned miners bring word that
all letters for Kotzebue Sound should be
sent via St. Michael, as a dog team is to
be sent to that point at different times
during the winter.
The river steamers T. C. Walker and
Dauntless were in collision at Benicia
early yesterday morning. The Walker
was backing out when she took a sheer
and bore down on the Dauntless. The
latter had three or four of her stanchions
and a number of timbers broken. The
Walker was not injured to any extent.
The Alaska Commercial Company's
steamer St. Paul will sail again on the
17th inst. for Manila. She has been char
tered by the Government to take down
the surplus freight left behind by the
other transports.
Captain J. E. McCulloch lost his vote
yesterday. He was detailed to pilot the
transport Newport to sea, but as she was
to sail early in the day he thought he
could take her out and get back in time
to cast his ballot on his way home in the
evening. Owing to the non-arrival of
freight and one or two other matters it
was after 3 p. m. before the transport left
the wharf, and it was nearly 8 p. m. be
fore McCulloch got back to terra flrma.
And that was the way Alameda lost one
good Republican vote. ___. ,
The new ferry steamer Berkeley is not
what she was cracked up to be. Either
owing to the fact that her engines are
r.ot down to their bearings or from some
other cause, she is not nearly so fast as
she was expected to be. Then she does
not steer any better than the law allows
and her twin screws arc a sad drawback
when it comes to entering and leaving
the ferry slips. All these defects are be
ing overcome, but it will be some time
before the Berkeley is put permanently
on the run between San Francisco and
Oakland.
Lawn Tennis Yesterday.
The round robin tournament, men's
AD'S EB-TISEMENTS.
OPENING
Art Department
The opening of our art department is to-
morrow, Thursday, November ioth.
Ladies are invited to visit this department,
as there are many articles, both ornamental and
useful that are suggestive of Christmas giv-
ing, such as:
sofa cushions glove cases
pin cushions handkerchief cases
scarfs dress shirt cases
'mantel drapes waste baskets
collar and cuff boxes work baskets
necktie cases work boxes
anil
burnt wood and burnt leather novelties
The opening will continue through Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday, when many of these
pretty things will be shown in the windows.
125 to 131 Kearny St.
ADVEttTISEI&ExTjLS. 1
LADIES' AND GENTS'
flAlMfilMllif o.
We have just placed 01 sale an elegant assortment of
LADIES' AND GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS, and as they are oar
own direct importation, we are enabled to offer them at
exceedingly low prices.
LADIES' EMBROIDERED AND HEMSTITCHED LINEN HAND- .
KERCHIEFS
20c, 25c, 30c, 35c, 50c, up to $3.50 Each.
LADIES' PLAIN HEMSTITCHED LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS
(Sheer Linen), .. •
15c, 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c Each.
LADIES* PLAIN LINEN CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS (Hem-
stitched),
10c, 121c, 15c, 20c, 25c, up to 50c Each.
GENTS' HEMSTITCHED LINEN CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS,
in %., x, 1 and 1% inch hem,
15c, 20c, 25c, 35c, up to 75c Each.
GENTS' WHITESILK HANDKERCHIEFS (Hemstitched),
$3, $4, $6, upto/$l2 Dozen!
GENTS' HEMSTITCHED BLACK SILK REEFERS,
$1.25, $1.50, $2 and $2.50 Each.
SPECIAL....
250 dozen LADIES' HEMSTITCHED AND EMBROIDERED
HANDKERCHIEFS (Pure Linen),
15 C EACH.
NOTE....
See our display 'of SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIB-
BONS in large show window.
111. 113, 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET. ;
doubles, took place at the courts of the
California Lawn Tennis Club yesterday
in the presence of a goodly number ot
spectators. In the first round R. N.
Whitney and George Bradshaw defeated
R. J. Davis and J. Hooper, the score be
ing 6-1. In the second round R. N
Whitney and George Bradshaw defeated
R. Adams and H. Weihe by a score of
B—6 The prizes for the winning team
were a silver cigarette cutter and a silver
match case, and a box of cigars for the
second team.
To-day is ladies' day, and a good at
tendance is expected at the courts.
You will find the latest things In wall
paper at Clark's. 653 Market street. •
A FREAKY VISITOR.
He Tells Fantastic Stories to Captain
Wittman.
A. Ballinger created a sensation around
police headquarters yesterday by de
manding the protection of two detectives,
as he was afraid that he was to be mur
dered by three men who persisted in fol
lowing him around. He declared that he
was the champion feather-weight of the
world, besides being the champion swim
mer, jumper and runner.
The reason why the men wanted to
murder him was because he was engaged
to be married to a girl worth $10,000,000,
and he showed her photograph which he
had in a locket. His backers would cor
roborate his story. The freaky visitor
was sent downstairs to Captain Wittman,
where he repeated the same story. The
captain thought he had been celebrating
too freely and ordered him locked up In
the prison on a charge of "drunk." Later
he was sent to the insane ward of the Re
ceiving Hospital and will be examined by
the Insanity Commissioners this morn
ing. He was attired in training costume
and wore a big yellow chrysanthemum in
his buttonhole.
"Anakesis," the great external pile rem
edy, is indorsed by the best physicians.*
j GOOD COOKS |
1 HAVE USED IT I
| EOBSO YEARS S
I P AND ■■ «^™^ *
| \ .PERFECTLY PURE^n ■
i baking powdeß
ONCE TRIED !
ALWAYS USE& {
000 tSO 0000000000000
V"- PALACE *'S
ICRAND hotels*
« BAH FItAHCtSiCO. X
" Connected by a covered passageway. ~~
O 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. *•
O All Under One Mana-Tuent. €S
D ROTE THE PRICEt: Q
bEaropoan P!an.Bl.OO per day and upward JZ
O American Plan.s3.OO per day and upward <•■
; ft Correspondence Solicited. q
0 JOSH 0. KIBKPATEICK, Maaager. • q
< qjd O O 000000 O O O oo
09k Ohloliester's EnsUth Diamond Brand. *-■-
Pennyroyal pslls
ENNYROYAL PILLS
IB _/2T~V Orljrlnnl and Only Genuine. A
"OTTtkvv «Arc, alwaj» reliable, laoics ut A\
*- i\ ffSliil Druggist for CMrhettert Englith Dia-fif^.
£MLk&jK&i m " n < i Brand in Bed and Gold met»lUc
<k lealed with b;ne ribbon. Take \J«7
•JW Si>Sni» other. Refute dangermf tuistitu- V
["I — T ft? lions and imitations. At Drogjiiiti, or lend 4c.
I(^ . JJf in " im l" for panicalmra, tntimocUls and
I <b* tJ " Relief for Ladle*." in later, \>r rrtmm
J^ IT Mb!L 10,000 T<-stimoni«li. Kmmr Paper.
V -rn— r Cht<*he«tgrCtemlcalt/o.,M«rti<»<m Bq.aar%
8»ld by all Loc&l Druggists. PHtL^DA. I'A'
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
I Is a powerful aphrodisine and specific tonlo
' Icr the sexual and urinary organs .ot both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of th» '
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merits' no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. AL.FS & BRUNB, Agents.
523 Market street. 8. F.— (Sena for Circular.!
I DR.PiERCE'S '
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DB9COVERY
FOR THE
1 BLOOP,i-BYER, LUNGS;
"PI3YTCXJT7C FOR BARBERS. BAR"
|jj\U OFLJuO era - bootblacks, bath-
**■*■■■** houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinder*, candy- makers, .nners,
dyers, flourm'lls. foundries, . laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factor!**,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc. .
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
I A PERMANENT CURE 1
J i of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ?
i* and Gleet," guaranteed in from 3 to 6 s
c days ; no other treatment required. . $
< - : Sold by all druggists. ". >