VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 61.
TERMS OF PEACE ACCEPTED
BY EMBASSADOR CAMBON,
SPAIN'S REPRESENTATIVE
MERRITT
IN CHARGE
OF TROOPS
(3ssun)es the Command
Upon H is Arrival at
Manila.
American Forces Within Striding
Distance and May Soon •
TaKe the City.
WASHINGTON, July 30.— The following has been re
ceived at the War Department :
"HONGKONG, July 30.— Adjutant General, Washing
ton:
"CAVITE, July 25.— Arrived to-day about 12. Health
of commands good. Remainder of fleet about four days in
the rear. All troops assigned me will probably be needed.
"MERRITT,
"Major General Commanding."
Special cable to The Call and the New Tork I
. ■ Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by Jajises Gor
don B»nnett.
■ . MANILA BAY, July 27, via
• Hongkong and Paris, July 30. —
The rebels continue to harass the
.; Spaniards in the forts around
Manila. Several sharp skirmishes
..'' have taken place, but only a few
men were killed' on either side.
■ General Merritt arrived on the
. steamer Newport at noon on the
; 25th, exchanging calls with Ad
, miral Dewey and receiving a sa
lute of guns from the flagship.
:. The boys of the Astor Battery
-. report that the trip was devoid of
'V incident. All are well and anx
ious to disembark. The camp
■equipage went ashore early this
morning.
A recent, incident shows the
present status of the situation.
The McCrlloch being ordered to
the north side of the bay, started
on her course, which would have
taken her close in front of the
city batteries. Admiral Dewey,
who was entertaining the Belgian
Consul aboard the flagship, told
the flag lieutenant to make a sig
nal for the McCulloch's recall,
saying he would not allow her to
go so close to the Spanish guns
as to appear like bravado and
thus possibly cause the Spaniards
to attack her. The admiral said
General Augusti had kept his
promise not to open fire on our
ships and he would not permit
our vessels to disturb the status
quo.
The Belgian Consul asked
whether he was at liberty to men
. tion Dewey's remarks to Augusti
when he returned to Manila.
Having told August], the Consul
. returned aboard the Olympia the
next day and informed the ad
miral that the captain general
said he regarded him as a gallant
officer and a man of honor, whom
he would like to meet. Now that
the Monterey is so near here the
captain general will probably
soon have his wish gratified.
GENERAL MERRITT
ASSUMES COMMAND
MANILA, July 26. via Hongkong,
July 30.— General Merritt assumed
command of the American forces im
mediately after he had reported to Ad
mlra! Dewey. He established head
quarters at the Cavlte araenal. The
The San Francisco Call
Newport v.as escorted to an anchorage
near the cruiser Charleston by the gun
boat Concord, the crews of the vessels
of the American fleet giving her a
rousing welcome.
At the close of his official visit to
the Olympta, Admiral Dewey's flag
ship. General Merritt was officially re
cognized by a salute of thirteen guns.
Until he shall have received the re
ports of the officers who preceded him
and familiarized himself with the slt
■ uation. General Merritt cannot deter
mine as to his future course.
The remaining transports are expect
ed to arrive to-morrow. The fleet saw
nothing of the monitor Monterey and
t'.ie collier Brutus, and it is supposed
that the monitor is coaling at Guam
Island.
The troops encamped at Paranajo
have not yet made a move, the con
dition of the country between the camp
and the outskirts of Manila being such,
on account of the heavy rains that
have fallen, as to make It impossible
to advance. The insurgents are still
active, but are accomplishing nothing.
SPANISH PRIDE NO
LONGER RAMPANT
MANILA, July 25, via Hongkong,
July 30.— The Spaniards are gradually
realizing that Spain has not been vic
torious; that the expected reinforce
ments are not coming, and that the
contest is utterly hopeless. The insur
gents are in overwhelming numbers
and the Spaniards can only obtain the
bare necessities of life.
Only a fortnight ago SpanLsh na
tional pride was rampant, but it is
now merging into indignation at
Spain's feebleness and regret that they
were born Spaniards. While they will
never surrender without a fight, the
Spanish officers will jump at the first
honorable opportunity to surrender.
Thpy fear national disgrace too much
to give in without a fight.
The fighting in the suburbs is desul
tory and the Americans are idle. This
has given rise to a report that they
had determined to suspend operations
until September, and by that time
p^ace will probably be concluded. Then,
it is asserted here, the Americans may
permanently annex the Caroline Is
lands and the Ladrones, and possibly
abandon the Philippines with the ex
ception of keeping a coaling station
here.
Although the insurgents have redou
bled their efforts they have hitherto
been unable to capture the citadel. On
the other hand, the Spaniards are not
able to re-establish their suzerainty.
Under the circumstances it seems evi
dent that somebody must Interfere in
the name of humanity. Some insur
gent shells have been thrown into the
citadel, but they do not appear to have
done much damage. The natives are
reported to be starving by thousands
and the Europeans are also hard
pressed for food.
. MANILA. July 22. via Hongkong,
July :30.: 30.— Conversation with a consid
erable number of natives failed to dis
close the existence of any perceptible
anti-American feeling among the Phil
lppinans. These people are apparently
satisfied to accept annexation to the
United States. Their principal desire is
for a peaceful existence with the min
imum of * trouble. They, however,
earnestly wish the abolition of oppres
sion incident to Spanish otticial rapac
ity and the tyranny of the religious
bodies. The natives have no objection
to the church apart from the orders of
friars. They are scarcely interested in
any particular form of government, but
only desire to be left alone.
The rebels who • recently . captured
Caloocan shelled the Spanish block
house ;at Maipago, where, after ', having
smashed the Spanish cannon, ; they
stormed the place and bayoneted twen
ty,-Spaniards. : ;. ■"..■'■. ■-■
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1898-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
PRINCE OTTO YON BISMARCK
BISMARCK'S
MORTAL LIFE
HAS CLOSED
The End of the Iron Chancellor
Came After Several Hours
of Unconsciousness.
BERLIN, July 30.— Prince Bismarck
died shortly before 11 o'clock to-night.
Details of the death of Prince Bis
marck are obtained with difficulty, be
cause of the lateness of the hour, the
isolation of the castle and the stren
uous endeavors of the attendants of the
family to prevent publicity being given
to what they consider private details.
The death of the ex-Chancellor comes
as a surprise to all Europe.
Despite the family's denials, there
was an undercurrent of apprehension
when the sinking of the Prince was
first announced, inspired more by what
the family left unpublished than by
any information given. But when the
daily bulletins chronicled improve
ments in the Prince's condition, detail
ed his extensive bills of fare and his
devotion to his pipe, the public ac
cepted Dr. Schweninger's assertion that
there was no reason why Bismarck
should not reach the age of 90.
The reports were deemed to be a
repetition of the alarm that Prince
Bismarck was in extremis, which had
been oft repeated in the past. All of
the Saturday papers in Europe dis
missed Bismarck with a paragraph,
while his condition was completely
overshadowed in the English papers by
the Prince of Wales' condition.
It appears that the ex-Chancellor's
death was not precipitated by sudden
complications, but was rather the cul
mination of chronic disease — neuralgia
of the face and inflammation of the
veins— which kept him In constanc
pain, and which was borne with the
iron fortitude which might have been
expected. . ' : ■ -''■■-■
The beginning of the end dates from
July 20, when the Prince was confined
to his bed. He had ■ been several days
prostrated \ before an , Inkling of t his de
cline reached the world. /; ; T-\
On Friday Dr. Schweninger said:
"For the past nine, days I have ; hardly
changed . my clothes, m having traveled
nearly all the time i between Berlin and
Friedrichsruhe, ;as ■, you c may notice ">■ by
my shabby velvet Jacket." 7
He then declared that ; his ; patient's
lung stomach and kidneys were sound,
in fact, that his whole gigantic frame
was sound. "As yet," said Dr. Schwen
inger, "there is no calcification of the
blood vessels, but the pains in his face
and legs worry him and shorten hir>
sleep."
Dr. Schweninger added this verdict:
"With his extraordinary robust nature,
he may, excluding complications, reach
ninety."
During Dr. Schwenlnger's brief ab
sence from Friedriehsruhe, Dr. Chry
sander was in ' constant attendance
upon the patient.
Although Prince Bismarck was ex
tremely low on "Wednesday, he so ral
lied on Thursday that he was wheeled
to the dinner table to celebrate with his
assembled family the fifty-first anni
versary of his wedding. He never for
a moment believed himself in danger
until the last day. On Monday he or
dered some new pipes and smoked one
on Thursday, then conversed brilliantly
on the topics of the day, discussing the
trial and sentence of M. Zola and the
peace negotiations between Spain and
United States.
Count yon Rantzau, the Prince's son
in-law, read to him from a newspaper
an obituary notice of himself at which
he was. greatly amused. He perused
the papers daily, and this was one rea
son why the family deprecated the
alarming reports as to his health.
The French press showed unabated
enmity when discussing his possible
death. The Temps compared his end
with that of Gladstone, remarking that,
though the British statesman had
failed in his policy and had compro
mised his party, he died resrretted by
a.ll on account of the grandeur of his
moral influence; whereas. Prince Bis
marck, whose life had been successful,
would perish execrated by many, even
in Germany, and Inquired grimly:
"What sort of a funeral will be given
him by the millions of socialists who
have been hatched by his tyrannical
laws?"
The Lokal Anzelger publishes a dis
patch from Friedriehsruhe saying that
Dr. Schwenlnger was present when
Prince Bismarck died, having arrived
from Berlin at 10:30 o'clock.
The Prince was unconscious for sev
[ era! hours before tbe end came and his
breath almost failed repeatedly. He
died without a struggle.
SKILLED IN DIPLOMACY
AND A MILITARY GENIUS
History of Prince Bismarck's Life a
Record of Continuous
Successes.
Prince Bismarck came of an old and
distinguished family, many of whose
members attained prominence in mili
tary and political life. He was born
on April 1, 1815, at Schonhausen, in
Brandenburg. His father's family be
longed to the lower nobility, and his
mother was the daughter of Ludwlg
Menken, Privy Counselor of Frederick
the Great and a very liberal minded
man.
At the early age of six years Otto
Edward Leopold Bismarck-Schonhau
sen — for such was the full name of the
future unifier and ruler of the destinies
of the German empire— was placed In
a boarding-school in Berlin, and at
twelve he entered a gymnasium, where
his character, thoughts and methods
of life were molded to a great extent by
Dr. Provost and Dr. Bonnell, who took
more than ordinary interest in the
lad. He made wonderful advances in
history, his favorite study, and rapidly
acquired a practical knowledge of Eng
lish and French, surprising in later
years both Lord Beaconsfield and
Napoleon 111 with the fluency with
which he used those languages.
While pursuing his studies with
great avidity he did not neglect his
physical development. He was an ar>
dent devotee of all manly sports, in
many of which he acquired a wonder
ful degree of proficiency. This was
particularly true in regard to swords
manship. At the age of 17 he entered
the law department of the University
of Gottingen, where he had a supera
bundance of practice as a swordsman.
L Continued en Second Pag«.
IT REMAINS FOR
MADRID CABINET
TO END THE WAR
As Plenipotentiary for the Cas
tilians the French Diplo
mat Acts.
After Prolonged Argument With the Pres
ident, All the Conditions Imposed
! Are Agreed To.
WASHINGTON, July 30.— Events of a mos!
momentous character occurred at the confer
ence at the White House this afternoon between
the President, Embassador Cambon of France
and Secretary Day, carrying the peace negotia
tions far beyond the mere submission or term*
of peace by the United States and reaching the
point of a preliminary basis of peace betweer
the Government of Spain and the Government
of the United States, needing only the ratifica
tion of the Madrid Cabinet in what was done to
day to bring the war to an end.
This was accomplished on the part of Spain when Embas
sador Cambon presented to the President credentials he had re
ceived from the Spanish Government appointing him envoy ex
traordinary and minister plenipotentiary with complete instruc
tions as to the manner of acting upon every one of the peace
conditions presented by the United States, including the dispo
sition of Cuba, Porto Rico, the Philippines, the Ladrones, in
demnity, armistice and all other questions likely to arise in the
course of the negotiations.
With these credentials authorizing him to speak as pleni
potentiary for the Government of Spain, and with full instruc
tions on ever>- point at issue, Embassador Cambon, in behalf of
Spain, not only received the peace conditions laid down by the
American Cabinet earlier in the day, but thereupon entered
upon their discussion with a view to reaching a final and
complete agreement. After strong argument, the President
and Secretary Day consented to a modification of the American
tern>3 in one particular — what that modification relates to is not
disclosed, but it is believed not to apply to the condition for
the absolute independence of Cuba, the cession of Porto Rico
or the granting of adequate coaling stations to the United
States in the Pacific or to diminish in any vital particular the
terms on which peace will be restored. The modification
brought about practical unanimity between the President and
Embassador Cambon as plenipotentiary for Spain, and the lat
ter has now transmitted the results of the conference to Ma
drid for approval, which, if given, will end the war.
The profoundly important results developed to-day came
about most unexpectedly. Embassador Cambon's call was set
for 2 o'clock, and it was expected to last but a few minutes,
while the answer of the United States was being handed to
him. But since the original proposition of Spain was presented
last Tuesday M. Cambon has prepared himself to speak with
authority on the questions which were to arise. The President
has preferred this course, although outside of himself and the
Embassador few were aware that the latter came ready to treat
as the envoy of Spain. The first instructions to M. Cambon
made him merely a medium of communicating Spain's first
note; now he appeared with all the attributes of a direct diplo
matic officer of Spain, empowered to act for the Government
within his very complete instructions.
The meeting was held in the President's library, and both
in the subjects discussed and in the impressive manner in which
the argument proceeded it was a conference destined to be
come memorable. After M. Cambon had presented his creden
tials as plenipotentiary and they had been examined and his
status recognized as the envoy of Spain, the first business was
the presentation of the terms laid down by the United States.
Secretary Day read the terms, pausing at the end of each sen
tence to allow M. Thiebault, first secretary of the French Em
bassy, to interpret it into French, as the Embassador's knowl
edge of English is limited. This reading by Secretary Day and
interpreting by M. Thiebault took but fifteen minutes.
Then began the discussion, point by point. The President
and the Embassador addressed each other directly with the
greatest freedom and frankness, each stoutly maintaining the
PRICE FIVE CENTS.2
justice of his position on the several points involved. When, at
last, after an eloquent plea by the Embassador, it was agreed
to modify the conditions in one particular, Secretary Day
withdrew for half an hour and attended to drafting the modifi
cation. This accomplished, the Embassador addressed himself
to the President, not so much as the advocate of Spain, but
personally, having with the President, man for man, a like in
terest in humanity. M. Cambon is a man of fervid eloquence,
and he spoke with an intensity of feeling which made a deep
impression on the President and the others present. He spoke
yin French, each sentence being caught up and interpreted by
M. Thiebault with rapidity, so that the earnestness of the Em
bassador's expression lost little by this indirect method of com
munication. The President spoke with equal frankness and in
the lengthy discussion there was scarcely a point in the whole
range of the war which was not met and freely considered.
What the modification is that has been agreed upon can
only be conjectured, -but there is reason to believe that it relates
either to the time when actual hostilities will be suspended, or
else to the extent of our interest in the Philippines, leaving un
changed the condition that Spain shall withdraw from Cuba and
Porto Rico, grant the United States coaling stations in the
Pacific and make important concessions in the Philippines.
It is now for the Madrid Government to give final ap
proval to what was partially accomplished to-day. It is even
possible that this approval may come very speedily, within a
day or two, for there is no need of extending conferences or
correspondence. All that was accomplished to-day, when M.
Cambon acted as plenipotentiary. From the fact that he acted
under instructions, the prospect would seem to be hopeful for
Spain's ratifying what has been done. But it is for Spain
herself to determine between the issue of peace or war as now
presented.
CONDITIONS OF PEACE
AGREED TO BY CAMBON AS
SPAIN'S REPRESENTATIVE
They Include the Freedom of Cuba, the Cession
of a Ladrone Island and Porto Rico,
With the Philippines Held in
Abeyance.
WASHINGTON, July 30.— After a day of anxious deliberation and Im
portant consultations, the reply of the United States Government to the
Spanish overture for peace was at last this afternoon placed in the hands
of M. Cambon, the French Embassador, to be by him transmitted to the
Government of Spain. It was half past 4 o'clock before the Minister re
ceived the answer, and as it makes about 1100 words in all, and must be re
duced to the diplomatic cipher and then transmitted by cable, the Madrid
authorities probably will not receive it until some time to-morrow, Sunday.
At half-past 10 o'clock this morning-, in accordance with the agree
ment reached yesterday, the members of the Cabinet began to
assemble at the White House, but it was nearly 11 o'clock be
fore they were all present and r^ady to resume their discussion at
the point where it was interrupted by adjournment. Secretary Day had
prepared a draft of the answer on the expressions of his colleagues in the
Cabinet yesterday, and it was hoped that only a short time would be con
sumed in going over this and giving It formal approval. It turned out other
wise, however. Probably over night new factors had suggested themselves,
or fresh influences had been brought to bear, for the Cabinet was soon en
gaged in an animated discussion of the Philippine Islands settlement.
On the other points of the answer there was no disagreement, and
these propositions were ratified as they stood yesterday, namely:
Cuba to be freed.
Porto Rico to be ceded to the United States.
One of the Ladrone Islands (.probably Guam) to be ceded to the
United States as a coaling station.
All Spanish military forces in the West Indies to be immediately
withdrawn, with the formal relinquishment by Spain of her sovereignty
over any possessions among those islands.
As to the Philippines the Cabinet agreed upon the following
points: That Manila Bay, with the city and surrounding territory,
should be retained in the possession of the United States, at least for
such a length of time as is necessary to devise and put in. operation
some plan for the future government of the group.
After that point, the main divergence of opinion began, and all sorts
of propositions were put forward and urged by individual members as the
best means of dealing with the future of the islands. In the very midst
of the discussion the element that had strongly urged the necessity of pro
tecting Aguinaldo in any settlement we should arrange received a severe
check through the receipt of a cablegram from Admiral Dewey, stating
that the insurgent chief had assumed a defiant attitude and expressing the
opinion that the United States would be obliged to make war upon the in
surgents, necessitating the presence of 150,000 troops to subdue the
islands. While this did not bring about a complete dismissal of the propo
sition to take the insurgents into account in settling the terms of peace, It
did have the effect to cause an agreement upon the proposition to defer ac
tion upon the question as to the disposition of the islands until the other
phases of the peace negotiations have been satisfactorily adjusted, mean-
Ing by that that the matter goes over until the last Spanish flag has disap
peared from the western hemisphere, and the American flag is hoisted to
stay over the coaling stations we require in Micronesia.
The discussion lasted two hours and a quarter before the Cabinet hit
upon the best course for the United States to adopt. It was finally decided
that what we desired could best be done by the appointment of a joint com
mission, limited in its representation to the Government of the United
States and Spain, which commission is to endeavor to settle the details of
the government of the Philippines and determine what treatment shall be
accorded the insurgents, the United States army and navy meanwhile oc
cupying Manila and Manila Bay, and thus retaining a position to force
speedily the verdict that shall be finally reached by the commission.
After the Cabinet meeting adjourned the members went off to their
luncheons "with a pleasant consciousness that they had succeeded In dis
posing properly of the very difficult problem.
Assistant Secretary John Moore, who had been called Into the meeting
at the last moment, went hastily to the State Department to put the
views of the President and Cabinet in the proper diplomatic form, and while
this was doing, notice was sent to the French Embassador that the Presi
dent would be pleased to hand him personally the reply of the United States
Government at 2:30 o'clock this afternoon. It was expected that this cere
mony would occupy only a few minutes and that the Embassador would
take the note and immediately hurry with It to his cipher clerks and then to
the telegraph office. In this expectation Assistant Secretary Moore went
out of town on an afternoon train, and Secretary Day, as he went to the
White House to meet the Embassador, took his gripsack into his carriage
In the firm expectation of being able to catch the 3:30 train for Atlantic
City to .meet his wife. The Embassador came on- time, accompanied by his
secretary, but as the minutes ran along into hours without the reappear
ance of M. Cambon, it was immediately surmised that something had hap
pened to disarrange the original plans for this meeting. It was after a stay
of two hours and a quarter that the French Embassador terminated his
visit.
While It continued, Secretary Long and Admiral Slcard of the Naval
War Board and Assistant Secretary Adee of the State Department were
•ailed into consultation. The newspapers had been led by promises made
«arlier in the day by members of the Cabinet to expect that a statement
would be given out, explaining the nature of the answer to Spain, but to the
disappointment of their representatives it was announced by Secretary Day
that this had been abandoned for the reason that to make any statement
at this point would Involve a serious breach of diplomatic etiquette that
might embarrass the future negotiations.
The extended stay of the Embassador with the President opened up a
wide field of conjecture, but in all official quarters thei3 was reticence as to
the nature of the discussion. From reliable quarters, however, it was
learned that the conference did not result In any change in the condi
tion already laid down, but that it was devoted to an explanation of them
In detail. It was said that no new condition of affairs had arisen by reason
of the Embassador's call and that there would be no need of another Cab
inet meeting to consider new factors. The case remained. It was said, as
fixed by the Cabinet early in the day, and the next move was to transmit
these terms to Spain and await her reply.
Immediately following the long conference the French Embassador and
M. Thlebault returned to the French Embassy and then began the hard work
of reducing to cipher the American peace conditions, together with the re
sults of the conference, and transmitting the same to Madrid. The Embas
sador was smiling and apparently well pleased with the result of the con
ference. All the staff of the Embassy were engaged on the cipher work as
It was a long and intricate process. Allowing the difference for the time
between Washington and Madrid, the terms could not reach the Spanish
capital before midnight to-night and would not get before the Spanish
Ministry before noon to-morrow.
i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 81, 1898.
AMERICAN GUNS
MAY BE TURNED
ON AGUINALDO
Dewey Reports Tfyat the losur
gent Chief Is Becomiog
Defiant.
NEW YORK, July 30.— The Herald's Washington correspondent
sends the following: From present dispatches received Aguinaldo and
his insurgent government in the Philippines may give Admiral Dewey
more trouble than the Spanish Governor General and his forces.
When the Cabinet was in session to-day considering an answer to
Spanish peace proposals a cablegram was received from Admiral
Dewey which was more disquieting than any that had previously
come from him. It indicated that Aguinaldo had assumed an atti
tude of defiance toward the American forces which might make it
necessary to fight him as well as the Spaniards if the Philippines
were to be taken.
In view of General Merritt's dispatch saying he would need all the
troops that had been assigned to him, and of Admiral Dewey's dis
patch telling of Aguinaldo's attitude and saying that the situation
was critical, it is probable that 4000 troops under orders for the Phil
ippines, who are still in this country, will be hurried forward as rap
idly as possible.
Aguinaldo was under promise to Admiral P^wey not to attack the
city of Manila before the Americans were reauy to occupy It. Offi
cials of tlie administration believe he will now attempt to take it. It
is not believed that General Merritt and Admiral Dewey will permit
this, and it may be necessary to turn the guns of the fleet upon the
insurgents.
STATESMEN DISCUSS
CONDITIONS OF PEACE
CLEVELAND, July 30.— Senator M.
A. Hanna, in response to an inquiry to
day as to what, in his judgment, should
be done with the Philippines, said:
"That is a big question and we must
go slowly. We at least want a footing
on those islands. Although there may
be a sentiment against keeping them,
there is a bigger sentiment against giv
ing them back to Spain. We are con
fronted with new conditions to-day and
v. c intend to work out the problems in
the manner which will be for the best
of the country."
Senator Hanna and his family leave
In a few days for a trip up the lakes
and to the Yellowstone Park.
CARSON, New, July 30.— Senator
William M. Stewart, in reference to the
teims of peace now being considered at
Washington, says:
"The terms of peace should be the
withdrawal of all Spanish troops from
Cuba, Porto Rico, the Philippines and
all other Spanish islands in the Pacific
and the absolute relinquishment by
Spain of all right or claim of sovereign
ty in such islands. What disposition is
to be made of these provinces must be
determined by the United States un
trammeled in a treaty of peace. The
United States should dictate, not nego
tiate, the terms of peace, the same as
Germany did to France. If Spain would
absolutely withdraw all claim to the
islands within the influence of our pres
ent military operations, I would expect
no further indemnity, but if s she contin
ues the war, our claims, as fcompensa
tion. must be enlarged for the expense
which the United States would suffer
from her folly."
LINWOOD, Kans., July 30.— 0n the
question of the terms of peace between
the United States and Spain Senator
W. A. Harris says: "The favorite
game of the Spaniard is diplomatic
quibbling. We can tolerate no tem
porizing policy. We must have free
Cuba recognized, with no load of debt
or obligations for Spanish bonds;
Porto Rico for our own, and an ab
solutely free hand In the Philippines.
I would be generous as to Avar indem
nity if an immediate and prompt ac
ceptance of these demands is conceded.
I would not have the Philippines as
American territory on any terms if it
can be avoided. I would afford them
an opportunity to govern themselves,
or we might consider some guaranteed
form of autonomy und^r Spanish sov
ereignty for a final settlement with an
adequate naval station for ourselves;
but there should not be a moment's
halt in the forward movement till the
acceptance of these terms."
DES MOINES, lowa, July 30.—Con
gressman Hull, chairman of the House
Committee on Military Affairs, is 'n
town. He has just returned from the
Republican Congressional Convention
at Knoxville, by which he was renom
inated for another term. In regard to
the disposal of the Philippine Islands
he said it appeared probable that they
would be returned to Spain.
"It will be hard to do this," he add-
Ed, "when It is remembered that tl\e
Philippine insurgents, In marked dis
tinction to the Cuban insurgents, have
proved themselves fighters and have
assisted Dewey in every possible way.
Personally, I would favor retaining all
the territory ye have captured, and I
know there is a large and growing ele
ment in our country which holds to the
same belief."
SAGASTA'S CONFIDENCE
IN SECURING PEACE
NEW YORK, July 30.— A World spe
cial from Madrid under date of July 29
says: Premier Sagasta is very confi
dent of securine peace because of Pres
ident McKlnley's conciliatory disposi
tion. He declared explicitly that he
has received telegrams stating that the
President has consented virtually to
negotiations on the basis proposed by
Spain.
That means that hostilities are to be
suspended In Cuba, the Philippines and
Porto Rico in order to negotiate a peace
treaty, starting from the vantage
ground that the chief, If not the only
object of the war, was a recognition of
Cuban independence.
ASKED TO RETAIN
THE PHILIPPINES
SEATTLE, July 30.— At a largely at
tended mass-meeting held by the citi
zens of Seattle and Walla Walla to-day
resolutions were adopted and forwarded
to President McKlnley praying" that the
Philippines be retained as a part of the
United States^
Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON, July 30.— Pensions have
been granted as follows: California: In
crease—Lewis H. Miller, Los Angeles, $14
to $17. Original, widow, etc.— Minons of
Edward R. Hanford, Rich Gulch, $16.
Army orders — A board of survey, to
consist of Lieutenant Colonel William H.
Baldwin, chief commissary of subsist
ence; Captain Charles B. Thompson, as
sistant quartermaster, and First Lieuten
ant John B. Bennett, Seventn Infantry
will assemble at the general depot of the
quartermaster's department, San Fran
cisco, as soon as practicable after the re
ceipt of this order, for the purpose of re
porting upon and fixing the responslbility
for the loss of one Hunt field range, re
ceived short by Captain Oscar F. Long
assistant quartermaster, on an invoice
from Major Charles R. Barnett, quarter
master at Jeffersonville, Ind. The Junior
member of the board will act as recorder.
POLITICS IN
THE INTERIOR
Calls for Primaries and
Conventions.
CRAWFORD PLAN FAVORED
ADOPTED BY YOLO COUNTY
DEMOCRATS.
Santa Cruz Central Committee Names
Delegates to the State Conven
tion and Fusion Con
ferees.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND. July 30.— The Repub
lican County Central Committee met
to-day and ordered primaries to be held
on August 13 for the election of dele
gates to the county convention to meet
in this city on August 17 to select dele
gates to the State and Congressional
conventions and nominate a county
ticket. The executive committee of the
Democratic County Central Committee
met to-day and empowered the county
convention, composed of delegates to be
elected under the Crawford plan on
August 9, to elect delegates to the State
Congressional and Senatorial conven
tions.
SUSANVILLE, July 30.— The Demo
cratic County Central Committee of
Lassen to-day called the county con
vention for September 3, and named W.
E. Dozier, N. «J. Barry, W. D. Pack
wood and F. M. Rowland delegates to
the State convention. The Republican
Central Committee called the county
convention for September 24, and
named E. V. Spencer, T. A. Roseberry,
and Jules Alexander delegates to the
State convention.
SANTA CRUZ, July 30.— The Demo
cratic County Committee met to-day
and elected as delegates to the State
convention T. Chittenden, C. H.
Rodgers, Ed White, C. E. Peckham, C.
M. Cassin, Charles Stetnmetz, T. V.
Matthews, A. A. Taylor, H. L. Middle
ton and T. J. Leonard.
Lieutenant Governor Jeter was se
lected by acclamation as delegate at
large. The following were appointed
a conference committee to deal with
the Populists: C. O. Sillman, Talman
ChJttenden, George A. Brewington, T.
J. Leonard, F. V. Matthews, C. E. Lil
ly and J. J. Boyle.
VENTURA, July 30.— The Republican
County Central Committee met this
afternoon. A resolution was adopted
calling for a caucus of *>"■> Republican
party of this county to be held here on
August 11 to elect nine delegates to the
State Convention. These delegates
shall also represent the county at the
Sixth District Congressional Conven
tion to be held Saturday, September 3.
Primaries for the election of dele
gates to this convention will be held
on Tuesday, August 30.
AUBURN, July 30.— At a meeting of
the Democratic County Central Com
mitee to-day, it was decided that Plac
er County Democrats should hold but
one convention this year. The call
was made for August 13, at which time
ten delegates to the State Convention
will be chosen and a full county ticket
nominated. The primaries will be held
on the 10th.
SAN JOSE, July 30.— The Republican
County Central Committee met this
afternoon and decided upon August 10
as the date for the primaries to elect
delegates to the county, State and Con
gressional conventions.
The County Convention was set for
August 13 at Turn Vereln Hall. Dele
gates to it were apportioned at the
rate of one to each fifty or fraction
thereof of votes cast for Republican
Electors at the laßt national election.
AMERICAN TROOPS WITHIN
AN HOUR OF MANILA
HONGKONG, July 30.— Letters re
ceived here from Cavite under date of
July 26 state that the insurgents have
done nothing since their second re
pulse at Malate, when the American
troops were held under arms through
fear of an attack by the Spaniards.
There are now 4800 American soldiers
within an hour of Manila, near Malate.
Their is protected by trenches
and guns and is covered by the guns
of the cruiser Boston and the Callao
from the sea.
The American transports, it is said,
will start on their return to San Fran
cisco in a few days. There is no sick
ness among the troops.
It Is believed that Governor General
Augustl will surrender, owing to the
fact that Admiral Camara's squadron
has returned to Spain, but the army
officers desire to resist to the last, and
there is a prospect that peace will be
concluded prior to the capture of Ma
nila by the Americans.
CONQUEST OF PORTO
RICO HAS BEGUN
VERY AUSPICIOUSLY
Following the Fall of Ponce
Macias Is Advised to Sur
render San Juan.
Consul Hanna Urges the Spanish Commander
in Chief to Yield in the Name
of Humanity.
PONCE, Porto Rico, Thursday, July
28 (via St. Thomas, D. W. L, July 29).—
The conquest of Porto Rico has begun
auspiciously. The Spanish have aban
doned Ponce, the principal port on the
southern coast of the island and in
many respects its most progressive city.
Among the prizes found in the harbor
were seventy lighters used in loading
sugar ships, and these were used in
stead of cutters to convey the troops
ashore, during which operation not a
man or animal was injured.
The scene when the soldiers reached
the p.'borves along the water front was
remarkable. Thousands of residents of
the city, men, women and children,
lined the water front and shouts of joy
and cries of "Viva los Americanos!"
"Buenos Dias!" "Puerto Rico Libre!"
greeted them. The soldiers were re
ceived like liberators, rather than in
truders. The red-shirted firemen came
down to the wharf in a body and
cheered lustily. Captain Lyons, with
Company X of the Sixteenth Regiment,
immediately marched to the city and
established a provisional guard in the
municipal building, the soldiers being
billeted in the frescoed and gold deco
rated loom of the Alcalde.
On every hand the greatest satisfac
tion was evidenced. Women adorned
themselves in their brightest gowns
and waved their hands and smiled as
the troops marched through the
streets. Public vehicles did a thriving
business in conveying the curious to the
harbor to view the American ships. The
doors of the merchant houses were
opened and the whole city presented
the appearance of a fete. The poor are
especially rejoiced.
The City of Ponce is romantic and
p.cturesque with buildings of ola Moor
ish and Spanish architecture. Its broad
plaza and blue, pink and green tinted
hues present a pleasing appearance,
and its streets are clean and well paved.
The inhabitants are mostly native
Porto Ricans, a well-defined race, re
BISMARCK'S
MORTAL LIFE
HAS CLOSED
Continued from First Page.
fighting twenty-eight duels in the
course of three semesters, or eighteen
months. In all of these encounters he
drew blood from his opponents, and
was himself only once wounded. The
mark of that wound he ever after car
ried. It was on his left cheek.
Entering the University of Berlin in
1533, Bismarck soon after passed the
requisite examination for professional
life. However, he did not take up the
practice of law, but retired to his es
tates in Pomerania, and there remained
quietly for several years, occupying
himself in guarding the family prop
erty interests.
It was not until 1547 that Bismarck
began to attract some public attention.
He was elected to the Prussian House
of Burgesses, taking his stand as an
ultra-loyalist. In ISSI he was chosen a
representative of the new German diet
of Frankfort. This was the actual.be
ginning of his renowned public career.
At once displaying the most remarka
ble mental activity and manifesting a
wonderful grasp of affairs of state, he
clearly stated his views and distinctly
set forth the chief characteristics of
his most important political doctrines.
He made a most marked impression,
and the result was that he at once be
gan exercising a strong influence
among his colleagues. He mapped out
a policy, which he ever afterward con
sistently and closely followed. He
boldly opposed all revolutionary meas
ures and ever having in view the best
interests of Prussia, he boldly demand
ed that that country should have the
same right in the Diet as had Austria.
Recalled from the Diet in 1859, Bis
marck was sent as Minister to Russia.
At the court of St. Petersburg he soon
became an adept in the art of diplo
macy. His ability as a diplomat was
recognized, and in order to give him a
thorough insight into French politics
he was transferred to Paris in the
spring of 1862. In the fall of that year
he was recalled and given the portfolio
of foreign affairs, and was made pres
ident of the Cabinet.
The reorganization of the army was a
measure that caused a great deal of
turbulence in the Parliament, which
time and again refused to pass the
needed appropriations. Bismarck re
peatedly dissolved the Parliament, and
finally to bring matters to a decided
issue he notified that body that the
Government would proceed to reorgan
ize the army without its sanction.
Bismarck carried his point. The army
was reorganized, although during four
sessions the Parliament declined to
vote its sanction, and upon each occa
sion was dissolved.
Upon the death of the King of Den
mark, Bismarck seized the opportunity
to aggrandize Prussia by claiming the
Schleswig-Holstein Duchies for the
Duke of Augustinburg, the idea being
to incorporate them with Germany. The
occupation of these duchies brought on
the war between Prussia and Austria,
and at the battle of Koniggratz, in
1866, Austria was overwhelmingly de
feated. Prussia, under the skillful
guidance of Bismarck, now assumed
the leadership of the North German
confederation, from which Austria was
excluded.
The success of this strategic move
ment made Bismarck the most popular
man in Germany. He had been univer
sally disliked up to the culmination of
the war with Austria. He was given
full credit for all that resulted from
that conflict. Prussia's sudden ad
vancement to the front rank as a mili
tary nation was not only offensive but
alarming to the French, who seized
upon the first slight pretext for declar
ing war.
The war of 1870-71 intensified the na
tional feeling among the Germans, and
Bismarck, taking advantage of the
situation, carried out his ideas of uni
fication, the result being the new Ger
man empire. It was Bismarck who dic
tated the terms of peace with France,
recovering to Germany Alsace-Lor
raine and an indemnity of one billion
dollars.
Bismarck, who had been made a
suiting from a blending of Sranish and
original Caribs, with a sprinkling of
foreigners, mostly French and Ger
mans, and a few English and Ameri
cans.
All the approaches to the rity are
carefully guarded to-night. General
Henry will effect a juncture with Gen
eral Wilson here as soon as possible,
and our troops will await the arrival
of other troops now on the way. The
military road to San Juan is broad and
well beaten, and will offer no difficulty
to the passage of artillery and supply
trains, as did the soprgy and almost un
broken trails of Cuba to the advance of
General Shafter.
General Miles and General Wilson,
with their staffs, accompanied by the
British, French, German and Danish
Consuls, called upon the Alcalde this
afternoon. The latter gave them a
gracious welcome and asked to be ad
vised as to General Miles' desires with
regard to the government of the city.
General Miles informed him that it was
not his purpose to interfere in any way
with the local government and advised
tho Alcalde to conduct his administra
tion as usual. He said, however, that
all persons having arms given by the
Spanish must give them up or be
treated as enemies. The Alcalde said
that this should be done.
At the conclusion of the conference,
which was brief, the American officers
stepped to the balcony of the munici
pal building overlooking the plaza,
where several thousand people, includ
ing the Fire Department and a number
of bands, were assembled. The crowd
cheered General Miles and the Ameri
can Ajands played national airs.
Surgeon Greenleaf said to-day that
there was no yellow fever in Ponce or
its vicinity, but that there are a few
cases of smallpox.
United States Consul Hanna, -who is
a personal friend of Captain General !
Macias, telegraphed to the latter to- I
day, advising him to wire the Madrid
government to surrender in the name
of humanity, as the Americans are
certain of victory.
Count in 1866, was now created Prince
and Chancellor of the German empire.
The Chancellor's aim now -was to se
cure for the empire a long term of
peace and prosperity. Here again he
showed himself a master of diplomacy. !
He succeeded in isolating France and
formed strong alliances between Ger
many and other powers. He united Ger
many, Austria and Italy in a triple
alliance — a combination that even a I
union between France and Russia '
would not be able tp overcome. He !
entered upon a long and bitter con- j
filet with the Vatican, whose power he
believed to- be dangerous to the Gov- I
eminent, but he was finally obliged to i
somewhat modify his policy toward the
Church of Rome.
In inaugurating the career of Ger
many as a colonizing power in 1884,
Bismarck brought himself into brief
conflict with Gladstone, who was then j
the English Premier. Bismarck never '
forgot to keep France isolated. That
waa the main object of his foreign pol- !
icy. He also kept Europe in a peaceful !
state by combining the central powers
into a peace league. This was to coun
teract any aggressiveness on the part
of Russia and France, either singly or
combined.
Early in 1890 the "Iron Chancellor"
retired from public life, owing to differ
ences of opinion between Emperor
William II and himself. In 1894, how
ever, they became reconciled, and upon
the occasion of Bismarck's eightieth
birthday, in 1895, the Emperor visited
the famous statesman and cordially
participated in the celebration of the ;
event.
The German soldiers and officers fair
ly worshiped Bismarck, who never sev
ered his connection with the army. He
took more pride in being a soldier than
in all the honors and decorations that
were showered upon him by the poten
tates of the world.
Bismarck very seldom appeared in
public without uniform and sword. He
was rarely seen in citizen's dress. The
students saw in him the German rep
resentative, and endeavored to imitate
him.
In September, 1897, The Call published
an interesting article on Bismarck,
written by William Lodtman, and a
copy of the paper was sent to the writ
er's mother in Hamburg, who forward
ed it to the Prince of Friedrichsruhe.
The following reply was received:
"Esteemed Mrs. Major: His High
ness received your kind letter, with
copy of San Francisco Call, and has
authorized me to convey his thanks to
you.
"His Highness has read the article
written by your son with great ijiter
est. and is touched and gratified that
whatever a kind Providence has per
mitted him to contribute to the welfare
of our common fatherland is so feel
ingly expressed in a Journal printed in
the English language on the far-off Pa
cific Coast.
."His Highness begs that his grate
ful acknowledgments be transmitted
to the writer and to the journal. I
am, Mrs. Major, your obedient serv
ant, V. BOHLEN,
"Friedrichsruhe, October 4, 1897."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hot Weather
Takes your strength. You lose your ap-
petite, feel dull and weak and -every
movement is an effort. Hood's Sarsa-
parilla will help you. It will tone your
stomach, create an appetite and rouse
and strengthen your, digestive powers.
Try a bottle. It will brace you up won-
derfully.
IIOOU S papilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. $1; six
for $5. Prepared only by C. I. Hood &
Co., Lowell, Mass.
HOOD'S TILLS are the favorite cathartic. 25c
WOODBtTRY'S Facial Soap Is recommended
by physicians, being pure, antiseptic, medici-
nal. It will clear the skin of Pimples, Black-
heads and eruptions of any nature. Use WOOD-
BURY' S Toilet Combination for the skin and
complexion. JOHN H. WOODBURY, 127 West
Forty-eecond Bt., New York.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
DRESS GOODS
SPECIALS!
Excellent Quality French Broadcloths,
Made of the finest wool, with a superior
finish; Just opened; all the new shades, in-
cluding the new blues now so desirable;
width 52 inches; regular value $1 50.
Sale Price
$1.00 Per Yard.
(Market- street Store Only.
Black Silk Figured Sicilian
Dress Goods.
A perfect color guaranteed; made of pure
wool and mohair; very silky finish; new de-
signs, large and small; 40 inches wide; were
85c.
■ SPECIAL THIS WEEK
50c Per Yard.
Market-street Store Only.
Drapery Goods,
Gilt Printed Cotton Drapery; good choice
colorings and designs, suitable for summer
house decorating; regular price 12% c.
SPECIAL AT
8c per yard.
Summer Neckwear,
Latest novelties In Pique, Lawn and Satin
Ties, Bows and Scarfs, white, black and s.
colors,
AT SPECIAL LOW PRICES.
Both Stores.
Novelty Bayadere Silk Belts,
The reigning New York craze; choice)
styles
At $1.00.
Both Stores.
KOHLBERG,
STRAUSS &
FROHMAN,
107=109 POST STREET,
1220, 1222 andl224 MARKET STREET.
MACKAY'S
: SEMI-ANNUAL ' ~ |j
! REMNANT
SALE ' : [ \
| OF "" "* ~~"' y
CARPETS
ENDS NEXT SATURDAY I-
WE HAVE about 200 of these de- H
sirable remnants to close out this week jri j
at following prices: - H
TAPESTRIES 3«c per yard Q
MOQUETTE 53e per yard R
WILTON VELVET r»."ic per yard H
AXMINSTER 5Sc per yard H
In lengths suitable for rugs and mod- ra
crate-size rooms. - , i , 61
Bring your measurements with you. ||
LINOLEUM. I
New line of patterns just received; H
heavy quality; laid upon your floor. H
Special during sale.. 45c per yard H
FURNITURE. 1
DURING REMNANT SALE [|
In this department we IS PER f|
offer a special discount of IU CENT ti
on everything 1 from our already low H
prices.
ALEX. MACKAY & SON, 1
715 MARKET ST. I
School Opens Monday,
DO THE CHILDREN NEED ANYTHING?
Covered Slates, single, % with ruler,
sponge and pencil - - - - - 10c
Pencil Boxes, complete, with lock and
key - - 5e .to 26e
Sohool Bags ----- 5c to $1.00
Composition Books - - - - Be to 20c
School Tablets, for pen or pencil- -
3e to 200
Prompt attention to mail orders,
WILL & FINCK CO.,
820 Market Street.
.Sx .FINE TAILORING
/s|M§« PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
$£§Im& WORKMANSHIP, at
MFBli'Sr 25 per cent Less than Other
tFINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
WORKMANSHIP, at
25 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go to
• W JOE -'RO.HEIM *
Isi All Wool Suits to &l<) ,„ (for
/ II P Order from "♦"* lo WO
JJI I Pants from •••$4 to $l 0
\J***7*"""*ls> 201 and 203 Montgomery St., *
844 and 846 Market St.,
1 10 and 1112 Market St. San Francisco.
OoododdoOdoooooooo
Jw PALACE wj
° GRAND **mMk£°
o SAN FitAnctaco. JJ
V , Connected by a covered passageway. "
O 1400 Rooms-900 With Bath Attached.
O ' All Under One Management. O
O«_ NOTE THK PRICEB: . . Q
-.European Plan. Bl. oo per day and upward^
© American Plan.s3.oo per day and upward O
p Cdrrespondenc* Solicited. A
0 JOSS 0. KIBKPATSICK. Manage*. JJ
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
gEjjgjDß. BALL'S REINVIGORATOR
Bal B five hundred reward for any cas«
B^ - ""TB we cannot cure. This secret remedy
L- avJH |t°PB all losses in 24 hours, cure*
K?BJ Hag emissions. Impotency, Varlcocele,
|?!k1 vTTTTI l jOnorrnoea - Gleet. Pits. Stricture!.
BBE3 ' l i? ! 1 Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
fl<X-^ fects of self-abuse or excesses. Benli
"" rTTI^ sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles. »o, guar-Bg*
£2, t T e^5 n SS, ?' Address HALL'S MEDICAL IK -MS
6TITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Al«*S
for eale at 1073^ Market St., S. F. All pr«*"
vate dlaeases quickly cured. Sfend for free boot?
IA/. X. HESS,
KOTABT PUBLIC AND ATTOBNET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus BpreckeU Bid*.
— I • • Telephone Brown 9*l. ' •»■
• Residence, 921 California St., below Powell,
Ban Francisco. <■ -j- •■ ; -. ;•. - fHOW EUROPE VIEWS
THE WAR SITUATION
PROMOTION
OF PEACE
Views on Anglo-Ameri
can Rapprochement.
PROMINENT MEN FAVOR IT
SIGNIFICANT WORDS OF THE
MARQUIS OF LORNE.
Distinguished Members of the Eng
lish Episcopate Also Tell of the
Friendship of the Iwo
Nations.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. I."*. by James Gor
don Bennett.
LONDON, July 30.— The Marquis of
Lome in reply to a request that he
write a few words upon the subject of
an Anglo-American rapprochement sent
me the following note. B.'th on ac
count of the Marquis' personal rank
and his position as the Queen's son-in
law, and also his knowledge of trans-
Atlantic affairs, due to his residence in
Canada as Governor General from 1878
to ISS3, this note is peculiarly interest
ing. The Marquis of Lome says:
"I always have worked for a thor
ough understanding t\ith the United
1 hope to do so during the
rest of my days. There are great com
mon interests to unite us, and nothing
that rises above the level of compara
tive trifles to divide us. In China, for
Instance, at the present moment, we
have mutual interests and we should
pu?h along together there and else
where."
I have with a certain measure of suc
cesa obtained the views of the English
y.l ■:.- pate on Angle-American rap
tement. Am mg the most impor
tant communications is one from Right
Rev. Mandell Crelghton, D. D., Bishop
of London, considered by many the
rr. Bt eminent divine in the British
Episcopate and looked upon as the fu
"ture Archbishop of Canterbury. His
lordship's note strikes a note of new
>ls. and Is as follows:
"The future will not be so much con
cerned with nations as with the civiliz
ing influences which they contribute to
the world's progress. The question for
v? Is, what will be the future civilizing
Ideas which are common to the Eng
lish-speaking people? Local forms and
modifications are of little moment. The
Important thing is the value of ideas
themselves. The future of the world
depend? upon the good understanding
between England and the United States.
If they cannot teach each other how
are they to teach other peoples?"
Right Rev. K. C. Kyle, D. D..
Biatiop vC Liverpool, Is also a
member of the Anglo - American
League. He wrote as follows to the
request for a few words of personal
opinion upon the movement:
I thank you for your letter. I have
been much gratified by the rist and
continued progress, good feeling and
friendship between England and the
United States of America. I trust It
Will grow and ir.crease. Reading the
Bame Pible and speaking the same lan
guage, we ought always to be friend
ly-"
The Bishop of Ripon's answer was
as follows:
"I am rejoiced at the signs of better
feeling between the United States of
America anil this country. I trust the
cordial feeing? ■which now exist may
be strengthened and extended as the
yoar? move on. I can foresee much
and lasting good from such friendship,
and believe all th<-'fie seeking to pro
it ar" working toward an end
vhich will bring good to mankind, and
t-i all who are engaged in this work
I • lid Bay, 'Go on, in the name of
the brotherhood <>f peace.' "
Th^ Bishop of Exeter wrote:
•'I believe that the hearty fraternal
friendship between England and the
i States of America, which Is
• ning y<-ar by year, will by God's
m-rry, pron-.ot^ the kingdom of the
prince of p^nrp."
Duke and Princess Wed.
VIENNA. July 30.— Duke Ernest Gun
ther of Schleswig-Holstein was married
at the Coburg- Palace here to-day, the
bride being Princess Dorothea, Marie Hen
rietta Augustine Louise of Saxe-Coburg.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PJ the truth my
run \\ mother has
/-p2» I\li v c d with
m V, lone1 one oot ' n
/> :^^V/7?~>' the Krave,"
\^ / \yffv\^^ writes Mrs.
1, VXllEugene Stai.t-
•»•• \l yjp'jf / j zenberg. of No.
"*l'rJ mm /"~*7r^ 1604 Walker
"** J\**\ //l/tm Aye » Houston,
y /Jt J&/L iv\ Texas in a let -
/ j&Ei Pierce, of Buf-
,- • V \ fal °- N - V'Y '
»* jHfjljM ¥ \ "With a most
Jfffißt Ji^^ V tbankful heart I
J&sssA\Jr^ will tell you
'49h|BEmmv about the won-
•f^lK^iiy^^^ derful cure effected in her
S^l f M&£&& case. She has been a per-
Mrnrmjmfnmim ect wrec k for seven long
years. No words can describe what she has
suffered. She could not sleep on account of
severe pains. She tried every doctor around
here and spent hundreds of dollars without
benefit. After hearing of your wonderful
remedies I wrote to you. My mother has
taken six bottles of the 'Golden Medital
Discovery,' and six of the 'Favorite Pre-
scription,' and Is now perfectly cured.
.Please receive the heartiest thanks and bles-
sings from my father and seven children for
saving the life of dear mother. , May God
bless you and your Institution, is the wish
of your friend."
Tens of thousands of women have found
." complete and permanent relief from obsti-
nate and seemingly incurable disease by
using the wonderful remedies referred to
above. The "Golden Medical Discovery"
possesses the peculiar property of nourish-
ing and vitalizing the blood with the life-
giving red corpuscles which build up
healthy flesh and muscular strength.
In the special weaknesses and diseases of
the feminine organs, the "Favorite Pre-
scription " is a perfect and positive specific.
It is the onlyscientific medicine prepared for
that purpose by an educated physician and
specialist in that particular field of practice.
For weak and nervous women these two
medicines taken conjointly constitute the
most marvelously successful course of treat-
ment known to the medical profession.
For nearly 30 years Dr. Pierce has been
e%ief consulting physician to the Invalids'
Hotel and Surgical Institute, Buffalo N. Y.
at the head of a splendid staff of associate
•specialists, graduates from the leading med-
ical univeraitiej of America and Europe.
GERMANS BLIND
TO THE TRUTH
American Temper Yet
Misinterpreted.
LUDICROUS PRESS VIEWS
THIS COUNTRY PICTURED AS
EAGER FOR PEACE.
Editors Continue to Predict Failure
for the United States Military-
Movements in
Cuba.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, July 30. — The newspapers
here continue to misunderstand or mis
interpret the temper of the Americans.
ThejV assert that the latter are ready
for peace on almost any terms, pro
viding Cuba is granted independence,
and that the war is most unpopular,
especially in business circles; and in
spite of the phenomenal successes the
Americans have already secured, the
military editors continue To assert that
the United States will find it more and
more difficult to achieve an "ultimate
military success, especially in Cuba."
As a reason for the delay in pressing
the German merchants' claims for
damages which are alleged to have
arisen through the war in the Philip
pines, it is explained that the German
Government considers that to push the
claims now "while the Americans are
more or less incensed against Ger
many" would prejudice a favorable
settlement of the claims.
It is now certain that the Govern
ment will make a determined effort in
the coming Reichstag tv amend the
constitution in the direction of abridg
ing the franchise in beveral important
particulars, especially in raising the
age limit from 25 to 30 years. Not only
is the Conservative and reactionary
press vigorously advocating this as a
necessary step in fighting the increas
ing spread of socialism, but the Gov
ernment press has joined in the hue and
cry.
It is also certain that at the next
session of the Diet and Reichstag the
agrarians will vigorously assault Amer
ican agricultural products. The agrar
ians are now collecting a mass of evi
dence tending to show the injury which
has been caused to the home market
by the continued imputation of Amer
ican products. Among their arguments
they allege that 50 per cent of the
trichinosis in Germany is due to Amer
ican pork, although tht- .atter is omy
one-fortieth of the total German con
sumption. They also claim tha 1 : Amer
ican rork contains more trichinosis
than the German, a .d they allege thai
in spite of the fact that American pork
is officially testified to be free from
trichinae the Hamburg authorities have
officially reported 173 cases of American
trichinosis pork during the last six
months.
The Agrarians also assert that Amer
ican flour is arriving in a more and
more frequently grossly adulterated
condition, adding that the prevailing
medium of adulteration are mineral
ines, which, they assert, are openly ad
vertised in American trade papers.
Finally the Agrarians say that an
increasingly large percentage of Amer
ican canned and preserved meat of
every description is arriving in a state
unfit for human food. The Agrarians
claim to have abundant proof of their
allegations and will ask the Govern
ment to totally exclude from Germany
all the products mentioned.
The leading organ of the Agrarians,
the Deutsche Tages Zeitung, asks
whether, "in view of the fact tha:
America means to refuse Germany the
rights of the most favored nation, after
concluding a new tarhi. bargain with
France, the Government does not think
it time to open a spirited tariff war,"
pointing out, for one thing, the "Amer
ican bicycles ought to be taxed to a
prohibitory duty."
The recent general prohibition of
rnt-a-t imports has caused a rise in
prices and 150 butchers of Hamburg
and vicinity acknowledge their inabil
ity to sell meat except at 10 to 20 per
cent increase in price. A similar in
crease has already become effective in
Berlin.
The sensational suicide of General
yon Pechmann, the commander of the
Fifth Bavarian Cavalry Brigade, at
Dieuze, Lorraine, is much commented
upon. It is understood that his act is
due to depression, caused by the ma
levolence of a very high personage,
who has repeatedly defeated his ad
vancement to a higher rank.
All the principal comic papers in
Germany were confiscated this week on
account, of their publication of cartoons
ridiculing the Emperor and the police.
Some of these papers will be prose
cuted on the charge of lese majeste.
Herr Lleber, the Centrist leader, has
started for the United States.
While the quarrel between Emperor
William and the regent of Lippe-Det
mold Is only a storm in a teacup, over
a miserable question of court etiquette,
it has occupied the press to the exclu
sion of almost everything else.
A high official of the Ministry of the
Interior has briefly outlined the facts
in the case to the correspondent of the
Associated Press. They are as fol
lows:
The regent was already offended on
account of various alleged slights, for
which he blamed the Emperor, when
the general commanding the troops in
the principality ordered his soldiers
henceforth not to make the salute pre
scribed in the case of ruling sovereigns
or to show the customary marks of re
spect to the regent's family. The
regent, thereupon, deeming his rights
under the military convention of 1878
to have been slighted, appealed to the
Emperor in a personal letter for re
dress. This letter contained several pas
sages which were construed by his
Majesty to be purposely offensive,
■whereupon he sent the regent a tele
gram which traversed a dozen hands
and thence reached the newspapers
substantially verbatim. Th<*n followed
the deeply offended regent's appeal to
the sovereigns nf Germany and to the
Bundesrath. The rmitter Is expected to
remain In statu quo for some time.
The correspondent of tho Associated
Press learns from another source that
Emperor William's anger was particu
larly aroused by certain references In
the regent's letter to the Empress and
her family, a parallel being drawn on
the question of rank in both cases, and
his Majesty's !re was increased by the
fact that the Legislature of Llpne-Det
mold. at the regent's behest and with
out awaiting the direction of the
Bundesrath. passed a law In March
prejudicing the chances of the succes-
Bicm of Prince Adolph of Schaumburg-
Llppe, Emperor William's brother-ln-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1898.
FRANCE GROWS
MORE CORDIAL
Sentiment of Press and
Officials.
FRIENDSHIP FOR AMERICA
DECLARE THAT THEY HAVE
BEEN MISUNDERSTOOD.
Semi-Official Assurance That No Ob
stacle Will Be Placed in the
Way of Our Settlement
of the War.
Copyrighted. IS9B, by the Associated Press.
PARIS, July 30.— There is a strong
desire in French official circles to bring
about a complete resumption of the
pleasant relations with the United
States which existed previous to the
trouble between Spain and America,
and which were disturbed by French
newspaper utterances. It is pointed
out that the nearer the Spanish-Ameri
can war comes to a close the clearer it
is to sober-minded Frenchmen that
pu' Me opinion in America has been
mistaken in regard to the real opinion
and feeling of France toward the
United States. It is added that in
spite of what was written in the news
papers here or discussed in official cir
cles when the war began no doubt was
entertained anywhere in France as to
the result of hostilities. The weakness
and inferiority of Spain were so evi
dent that, it is claimed here, it would
be unfair now to assert that the Ameri
can victories have caused a change of
public opinion in France, and that the
French newspapers to-day think it
time to favor the conqueror.
In explanation of the tone of the
French press toward the United
States, it is said that the language used
by the newspapers at present is in sub
stance the same as was used three
months ago, and that the reason the
AmeiH-an people have been under the
impresFk.n that the French newspapers
were hosMle to the United States and
favorable to Spain is that only the l_'ss
sensible part of the French press was
quoted in the cable dispatches, while
such papers as the Journal de Debats,
the Figaro and the Temps and souie
others have not favored either side in
the v.ar antl have furnished their read
ers with honest accounts of the differ
ent features of the hostilities.
Continuing, it is argued that some of
the leading members of the French
press avm interviewed during the war,
and iheir statements leave no room for
doubt that they entertained a cordial
feeling toward the United States, while
French bi tiness men who were similar -
lv intsrvitwed were even more em
phatic in their expressions of friend
ship toward America.
Finally, the Frenchmen say that the
recent celebrati-m <>f the Fourth of
July here was the occasion of bringing
forth additional proof of the cordial
feeling entertained among Americans.
At the banquet of the American Cham
ber of Commerce there were many
prominent Frenchmen present, includ
ing some of the highesr\ state officials,
and It Marujoule, the Minister of
Commerce, speaking for the French
Government, said:
"We have been told that far away
on the other side of the Atlantic there
are those who have listened to calumni
ators In France who asserted that
France was forgetful of her duty and
that we have become not only adver
saries, but, according to some reports,
even discourteous toward America, I
protest against such an impression.
My word is sufficient to dispel such a
ridiculous idea, and I hope that the
echo of what I say will be carried from
this banquet hall to the other side of
the Atlantic as an indignant protest
against the false report as to the Eenti
ments of France toward America,
"But If this is not sufficient, let me as
sure your countrymen that not a day,
not an hour, not a minute has elapsed
during which the harmony which ex
ists between us has ever run the risk
of being broken. France has aJways
been for you a second country, and no
one knows better than your Embassa
dor and a Minister of the French Cab
inet the degree of cordiality manifested
in connection with our reciprocal rela
tions."
This rtatement of the French MiniJ
ter of Commerce is reproduced here, as
it is being freely used by Frenchmen
in their arguments tending to prove
that France has not been unfriendly
toward the United States in the war
with Spain.
They also argue that there Is no rea
son why France should side with Spain,
as during the past century there has
"been no common ideal" between the
two countries, and the Frenchmen of
to-day are not led by clerical consid
erations nor by the theory of so-called
Latin races, which, <t is further as
serted, is no longer taken seriously by
any sensible man. From a semi-of
ficial source the following statement
was made:
"From, a commercial standpoint,
France is as much interested in Amer
ican as in Spanish trade, and conse
quently she has no reason to jeopard
ize her friendly relations with the
United States. Still she feels sym
pathy for her unfortunate neighbor
and rejoices heartily at the fact that
peace is to be arranged and that the
French Embassador, M. Cambon. had
been the messenger of peace.
"As to the terms upon which peace
will be arranged, the French Govern
ment and public opinion in France are
perfectly aware that the United States
will no longer be satisfied with the
mere independence of Cuba, consider
ing that the war has cost her consid
erable. Consequently, the French
press, and especially the Journal dcs
Debats and Temps are already taking
into account that important element in
the settlement of peace. They only
hope that America will not claim too
much. Not that France feels envious
fn view of the Increasing power of the
United States, but simply because too
onerous conditions on the part of
America would make peace difficult.
In fact, it deserves to be pointed out
that France does not make any objec
tion to the United States increasing
either Its strength or its dominions.
The reason for the quiet feeling of
France In this matter Is that she Is
convinced that if such an Increase in
any way threatens European power
she is not that power.
"Even the annexation of Hawaii,
which gives* to the United States an
important possession In the Pacific, has
not disturbed France in the slightest
degree, her possessions In America he
ing small and unimportant, consisting:
of some little islands and French
Guiana. Therefore, she feels sure that
ADVEBTISEMENTS. '
ll wl^^^ MW^^^W^W^ jollies t, merriest, best-naturecl big ftmfflßzLJ °
\W"^T^ * W7JR hIPHII crowd that ever got into the big store. f| C?
fj nlw / V?\ 1\ N/l? N 1 People can buy perfect goods, brand- \ 111 M
IF/ k^d l\\/\ ft °\\ new styles, goods sparkling with ]^m^^^^\\ ./ I
ill i^^T'7 I / I I'VI freshness, when men can save from J^ /I J
1/ J/V 1 / Li (\ !p * ' kMI $5 to $6 on a suit, when mothers can VII
!'( \ \ \°f \\ J I 1 ) save from $2 to $3 071 their children's gd 11
fill U^T r —L, fn / clothes, without sacrificing style, fit \ ill/ /i _^-
i\/7l^ul' 4 k W •or finish, why, they' re going to doit. A \wgm f rff9
\MRII V N (^ J Ml There's about 200 of 'em in those UJt2O
tf Jf-JI J \J ! |^___JBfl! 7-e«i .v/re^ homespuns, those pretty JPVj^ JS^^^L^
i; !^'/^ \ /"' i^tolT T Bi i Scotches, in overplaids, blue and —
M||ijfS \ 1 liyßl black serges, those rcab swell English
fSlflfS \ \ , 1 il iiiSfll -^ ox Overcoats in tan coverts, suits £j^ 4^ P** ' df*^
l|i|fS' i M| \ I /] /jßJiiSSf |l an d' overcoats that formerly sold for %L %£ *■% Ij§
/ \ | I // $12, $15 and $18. qJO I #C/V/ •
f. 11 •/// 7/ MEN'S TROUSERS. BOYS' KNEE TROUSERS. BOYS' BLOUSES.
\\ |\ 111 , r , 77 7 t Over 000 pairs of About 200 dozen f antsy
\\\ / / Men s aU-xuool Trous- hoys > Knee Pants, in all- .French Percale Blouses,
JcJ \{ ill 11 ers - in neat stripes, ex- wool Cheviots, in blues Fauntleroy style, hand-
<&s' p\ 11/ l^s^ - cellently tailored, $4-00 and fancy mixtures, somewashable colorings,
■J*W : *.-4d C~7 ■$$& x values, at buckle at theknee, $1.00 75c to $1 values. For
v, -$y tV - i " values. Monday at these we say
$1.85. 45c. 25c.
Monday's Boys' Clothing Specials. __ _
<0> military suits. ready for school. I f|?fB3 Klondike Nuggets.
/\^^t\ Just forty -eight Mili- Good knockabout school r^£^^3 OVER 400 SUITS /Jv! *^)\
I *" ** «\ tary suits, in that fine suits, in pretty plaids rir* '-^3 ir a * ji 'ill Yl ") I
.* 1 I*9 twill cloth in blue,ele. and mixtures, in Reef er /' ' _\\ f^e from those ever- W£^Jf/J
\\:^ { antly trimmed and if/'^s^fi -7 \\W oZ^ioZioZ^z
Y^-V-t' - braided, braid on the a l ° double-breasted L** Ui rhnir, nnlartn.** — «/,v« S^ fjß
MTV, lon g pants, $10 _ value, °^fl°Jt° IS years, tTarT'Zni $SSOoL5 S OoL If Al T
II / M^ayat *'£%%%%. . W ii ; i ever seen. Monday at Wjl
'|i / / . * pd }sk4' ues ever seen. Monday at H/|Sft
yii $5.00. $1.45. -. 'JSyf .65. J/W
¥^rf~"^K* r*\ t/^*^ r" t^^^L^irr ~~
300 suits for that big boy, in blue twill Cheviots. *qr [^^^^ Jjjp J^-at ,**~* jL
fancy mixtures ; a swell o ffer , mothers ; our $7, $8 tf dwJF mTMWSrdiFA&r^fi j/Ca
and $10 suits, ages 13 to 19 years. Monday at &W^£%~-^%^' Kjß^
-ir ; r«^'. : $%^5. ;l-..::::.;; l -..:: :: .;- ,;;;:. 9-11-13-15 KEARNYSX -
MARIA TERESA
WILL SOON BE
SAFELY FLOATED
WASHINGTON, July 30.— The
Navy Department has posted
the following from Admiral
Sampson:
"PLAYA, July 29.— The In
fanta Maria Teresa, upon which
the wreckers are now engaged,
will be floated and brought to
Guantarvamo as soon as a small
leak Is located. It is somewhere
In the bow of the ship. Whether
this leak Is due to a small valve
being left open or to a hole
which may have been made in
the bow is not yet known. Her
own pumps are being used to re
move the water, there being
3team in one of her boilers.
"SAMPSON."
the Americans, whom she considers to
be a practical people, will never think
of having trouble with a great Euro
pean power for such a trifling object.
"As to the Philippines, if those islands
are to be lost to Spain. France as the
ruler of Indo-China would probably
prefer having the Americans as next
door neighbors Instead of any Euro
pean or Asiatic power. Consequently
what France wants, so far as the
United States are concerned, is only a
proper consideration of her commercial
interests. In that respect 3he haa been
thoroughly reassured by the willing
ness the American Government dls
p'ayed on the occasion of the last com
mercial agreement, so she Is fall of con
fidence fn the future."
ONE-MILE TRIPLET
RECORD LOWERED
PHILADELPHIA, July 30. — The world's
triplet record of 1:46 2-5 for one mll« was to
day lowered to 1:40 2-5 by Johnson, Monroe and
Farnwalt on the Woodslde Park one-third mile
board track. The unlimited distance pursuit
race between Charles Church and Clint Coul
ter was won by Church, who caught Coulter
on the sixth mile. Summaries:
One mile handicap, professional— Nat Butler
(50 yards) won, Thompson (110 yards) second,
Beokrr '60 yards) third. Time, 2:06 1-5.
Unlimited distance pursuit race between
Charles Church and Clint Coulter— Ohurch
passed Coulter at six miles one lap and 135
yard*. Time, 14:52 4-5.
One mile exhibition against time by triplet
ridden by Johnson, Monroe and Farnwalt.
Time, 1:40 2-6. Former record. 1:46 2-5.
Earned Brackets at Butte.
BTTTTE, Mont!, July 30.— First race, five
furlongs— Queen Nubia won, R. Q. Ban sec
ond, Trappean thLrd. Time, 1:02^4.
Second race, six and one-haif furlong*-High
land Ball won. Master Mariner second, imp.
Mlssloner third. Time, 1:22<4.
Third race, one mile— lmp. Devil's Dream
won. William OB second. Encino third.
Time. 1:43*4-
Fourth race, five furlongs— Miss Rowena
won, Mekallah second, I Don't Know third.
Time. 1:01.
Fifth race, one and one-sixteenth miles— lmp.
Black Cap won, Qrand Sachem second, Los
Prietos third. Time, 1:49.
Sixth race, one and one-eljrhth mile*— J O C
won, Silverado second, Rossmore third. Time,
2:06»4. _
Soldier* Attack Officers.
BERLIN, July 30.— 1n the vicinity of
Nuremberg a number of soldiers attacked
a party of officers of the Twenty-fifth
Regiment of Bavaria, in revenge for an
officer having, while bicycling, Jostled a
soldier. In tne affray one of the officers
was fatally stabbed. The soldiers fledt
but three of them have since been ar
rested.
FIRE DENUDES
FOREST AREAS
Great Damage in Santa
Cruz County.
TWO LARGE CONFLAGRATIONS
STAKDINO TIMBER AND CORD
WOOD DESTROYED.
Shingle Mill at Zyante Burned and
the Sunnyside Schooihouse
Threatened for a
Time.
Special Dlßpatch to Th« Call.
SANTA CRUZ, July 30.— Two im
mense forest fires In this county are
doing tremendous damages. For two
weeks a fire has been burning about
eighteen miles from here in the Tim
othy Hopkins timber at the outer
edge of the Big Basin at Sunnyside.
Hundred of acres of the finest timber
land In the county has burned over, in
cluding tanbark, which has never been
cut from the trees.
The fire at times threatened the Sun
nyside schoolhouse, and only by hard
righting was the building saved. A
large gang of men has been fighting the
fire and in a measure has kept it from
spreading, but great damage has been
done. Beside the standing timber,
much corded wood has been destroyed.
The second conflagration Is about sb:
teen miles from here and is along the
Zyante. During the day clouds of
smoke can be seen issuing from the
canyons, while at night the flames can
be seen from this city. This forest fire
has covered about fifteen miles of ter
ritory along the Zyante. The sawmill
and shingle mill near Zyante were de
stroyed.
RED BLUFF, July 30.— Forest fires
are raging in the vicinity of Bee Gum,
Shasta County, and tho whole Sacra
mento Valley is shrouded by smoke.
These conflaf-ations occur almost
every year and are the result of set
ting fires to clear the land for farming
purposes. They soon become unman
ageable, with the result that thousands
of dollars' worth of valuable property
In timber and feed is destroyed. During
the past two days several thousand
acres have been burned over.
SALINAS. July 30.— The fire which
started In Chualar Canyon last
Wednesday was finally overcome this
morning. The loss will be very heavy
to stockraisers, as feed was totally de
stroyed on several ranches. The heav
iest losers are C. R. Esterbrook on 700,
J. H. Hebbron on 300, and Assessor Mc-
Phall of San Benito on 250 acres.
Everything in the pathway of the
flames was consumed.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS. July 30.—
Forest fires have been raging in the
vicinity of Highland Springs for sev
eral days, approaching dangerously
near. A large body of men turned out
to fight the destructive element, and
it is now practically under control. The
fire cau3ed trepidation among the
guests at the hotel, and many made
preparations to flee to a place of safety.
Many are departing In fear of a fresh
outbreak of the flames.
STOCKTON, July 30.— A chaparral
fire, terribly destructive, swept over
the foothills around Valley Springs
yesterday afternoon, the hungry flames
licking up every bit of vegetation in an
area estimated at fifteen miles square.
A heavy wind was blowing and the
flames moved over the parched ground
like an angry wave, leaving it black
and charred— so barren, in fact, that a
crow cannot find sustenance there to
day.
Just where the fire started is not
known. The flames moved so rapidly
that the people had no time to prepare
to make a systematic fight. The people
found all they could do was to save
property by back firing, it being use
less to try to stay the line of fire, which
licked up barns, outhouses, fences, and
several dwellings.
The fire ran to within a half mile of
Valley Springs in several places and
but for the back firing would probably
have reached the settlement.
After nightfall the sight from Valley
Springs was one of awful grandeur.
Flam?s seemed to leap to the sky, run
ning hither and thither, wherever there
was a bit of fuel to be seized upon.
They would disappear down a ravine
and sweep up a hilltop a minute later
fiercer, ht-avier than ever. The coun
try- was as bright as day.
The officials have been investigating,
and are sure the fire was started by
prospectors with criminal disregard for
life and property. It is, of course. Im
possible to prospect chaparral land un
til it is cleared. The officers have a
clew tending to show that certain per
sons fired the country for this purpose.
If the clew proves correct It will go
hard with the men when they are ar
rested.
LOS ANGELES, July 30.— Forest
fires are now surging over the moun
tains west of Mount Lowe, in the vi
cinity of Millard Canyon.
Two representatives of the United
States Forestry Commission have gone
Into the mountains with a number of
men to fight the flames. Receiver Tor
rance of the Mount Lowe Railroad has
sent a force of men. The latest report
from the burning mountains says the
absence of wind has allowed the fire to
smolder and burn less fiercely.
GUESTS OF A REDDING
HOTEL ENDANGERED
Spontaneous Combustion Results in
a Conflagration in the Temple
House.
REDDING, July 30.— Fire was discov
ered on the second floor of the four-story
Temple Hotel at 4 o'clock this morning,
and but for the prompt action of Night
Clerk Ludwig in arousing the guests and
the admirable work of the Redding Fire
Department in checking the flames, many
lives would have been lost and the big
building destroyed. The fire started
through spontaneous combustion in a
pmall wood room on the second floor, orig-
I lnating in a barrel containing some refuse.
| including cotton batting saturated with
' oil. It got in Between the plastering and
the walls and spread along between the
I floors and the ceiling, making it difficult
■ for the department to cope with it. Two
! streams of water were poured into the
i building, doing much damage, but bring
i Ing the flames under control.
When the guests were awakened by the
cry of "Fire'" they rushed out into the
hallways !n their night clothes. Two men
went down the fire escape at the back of
the building.
The damage to the structure is esti
i mated at from $1000 to $1500. The build
} ing is of brick and is the property of the
l Masonic Building Association. The furni
j ture and fixtures are property of the
; lessee, H. Cllneschmldt. His loss is about
i $300. Both losses axe covered by insur
| ance.
TOWN OF BECKWITH
SWEPT BY FLAMES
Owing to the Lack of Water but I'our
Buildings Escape Destruction.
RENO, New. July 30.— The town of
Beckwith, Cal., having a population of
about 500, and situated on the Sierra Val
SHAFTER
REPORTS
ON FEVER.
WASHINGTON, July 30.— The
War Department posted the fol
lowing: •
"SANTIAGO DE CUBA. July
29, via Bermuda.— Adjutant Gen
eral, Washington: Sanitary con
ditions for July 28: Total sick,
4278; total fever cases, 3406; new
cases fever, 696; cases fever re
stored to duty, 590. The death
of Private Michael McGoldrlck
of the First Infantry* was caused
by athenia, follo%ving malarial
fever. SHAFTER"
ley Railroad, thirty-five miles north of
here, was almost wipc-d off the map yes
terday afternoon by fire. The fire started
in the depot, and owing to lack of water
and fire-fighting annaratus spread rap
idly, until every building in the town was
destroyed, except a church, a school
house and two dwellings.
Among the buildings burned were Laf
franchinos Hotel, McNeil's store, th<j Ma
sonic Hall, the livery stable, depot, sev
eral small stores and aDout fifteen dwell
ing houses. The loss is estimated at be
tween $30,000 and $40,000, partially covered
by insurance.
FIXES AT A STRANGER.
Sentry at the Santa Cruz Powder
Works Draws Trigger.
SANTA CRUZ, July 30.— Sentry Stod
dard of Company F, Sixth Regiment,
stationed here to protect the California
Powder Works, saw a suspicious look
ing stranger loitering near the glaze
mill at the powder works at 11:30
o'clock last night He called on him to
halt, but the i..an jumped over the
fence and ran away. Stoddard fired at
him. Company F in two minutes had
divided into squads and began search
ing, but could not find the stranger.
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strength through his new
and original system of treatment.
Rl'Pil'KE cured by his new method,
without knife, truss or detention from
work, a painless, sure and permanent
cure. VARICOfELE, hydrocele,
swelling and tenderness of the glands
treated wltii unfailing success. Conta.
g'ioito blood poison in any of Its
stages thoroughly eradicated from the
system. I-.r die* will receive special
attention for 'I their tnany ailments.
WRITE if you cannot call. No charge
for advice by mail. He will also send
you a valuable book, "Guide to Health."
free of charge. Address P. L.
SWE ANT, M. D., 737 Market Btreet, San
Francisco, Cal.
34
OFFICIAL NOTICE
OF THE OREGON'S
GREAT RECORD
Letter of ThaoKs ar)d Congratu
lation From Secretary Long
to the Scotts.
WASHINGTON. July 30.— The Navy
Department has taken official notice of
the splendid achievements of the battle
ship Oregon. The ship's unequaled rec
ord of sustained speed on the long voy
age from San Francisco to Santiago
and the unsurpassed fighting qualities
displayed in the successful encounter
Aith Cervera'a fleet have elicited a let
from Secretary of the Navy Long to
l'nion Iron Works of San Fran-
The Secretary's tetter was written
shortly after the official accounts of the
• •struction of Admiral Cervera's fleet
v/ere filed. The document mentions the
long cruise of the Oregon from Puget
Sound on the Pacific to Key West on
the Atlantic, and dwells with special
emphasis on the fact that no repairs
were needed at the finish of the unex
ampled run.
Not only does the letter compliment
the builders for the remarkable and
long sustained speed displayed on the
voyage of 14,000 miles, but especial
recognition is given the splendid abili
ties of the ship as shown in the swift
pursuit and successful engagement of
the formidable cruisers of the Spanish
navy that were seeking to escape from
Santiago.
The letter states that the department
for the first time writes to a ship-
building establishment commending the
work of construction, but considers
■that the notable results accomplished
by the Oregon Justify the special ac
knowledgment on the part of the Navy
Department of the United States.
THE OREGON'S SUCCESS
WAS NEVER PARALLELED
.Product of This Coast Proved Her
' ; self the Greatest Battle-
Ship Afioat.
The remarkable success of the Oregon
Is probably -unparalleled in any navy,
•.and her performances have convinced
■foreign naval powers that this coun-
try has passed through the experimen
•' -.tial stage of navy building and has fur
! hished substantial proof of being ab l e
J. 08. GUNN, SECRETARY UNION IRON WORKS.
to turn out warships equal to the best
and superior to the majority of foreign
ships. The Oregon's record reflects
credit to the nation; the Pacific Coast
Is Justly proud of its product; the con
structors are Jubilant over their suc
cess, and the builders, embracing the
mechanical experts, mechanics and
every man and boy whose brain work
or conscientious manual labor produced
this magnificent ship, are, also, proud of
their work.
The three battleships— the Indiana
Massachusetts and Oregon— were au
thorized to be built by act of Congress
on June 30, 1890. While the bill was
before Congress the Navy Department
was preparing the plans for the ships;
the designers of the hull being Assist
ant Naval Constructors Lewis Nixon
and David W. Taylor, while the ma
chinery plans were made in the Bu
reau of Steam Engineering under En
gineer-In-Chief George W. Melvlllo.
On the day following the passage of
the act the plans were ready and bids
invited, and November 18-I'J following
the contracts for their construction
were signed. The Crumps built the In
diana and Massachusetts and the Union
Iron Works got the Oregon. Owing to
delay In- supplying the armor and ord
nance the completion of the ships was
greatly protracted, the Oregon natur
ally suffering the most because of the
3000 milts' distance from the base of
supplies. The ships were identical as
to lines of hull, machinery and general
fiirangement and their contract speed
was fifteen knots. The builders had
the- privilege of making changes in the
details of the motive power of the ships
which would result in attaining a
higher speed and greater efficiency,
subject to the approval of the Navy
Department, and, also Bubject to the
limitations of weight. That the ex
perts at the Union Iron Works exer
cised this right of making changes with
good effect is proved by the fact that
the Oregon made 16.79 knots during her
trlal of four hourg under forced
draught, while the Indiana and Massa
chusetts, built by Cramp, made 15.48
and 16.21 knots respectively. The horse
po-wer of the three ships was 11,111 for
the Oregon. 973S for the Indiana and
10,403 for the Massachusetts.
In the building of these three ships
there was a contest of brains and me
chanical skill between an old-estab
lished firm with the experience gained
through the building of upward of two
hundred vessels and the practically un
tried capacity of another firm which
had hitherto built chiefly mining ma
chinery and only half a dozen vessels,
three of which were for the navy. In
this contest there is one man to whose
wondrous mechanical skill — a skill ap
proaching genius — the success of the
Oregon is largely due. This is George
W. Dickie, manager of the Union Iron
Works. He gave to the construction
and equipment of the 'ship through
many months the best of his thought
and labor, and when she left the dock
on her trial trip she was as perfectly
fitted a machine as ever floated.
Among other improvements made by
Mr. Dickie was the change in propell
ers by which the slip was reduced to
14.33 per cent, against 22.64 in the Mas
sachusetts and 24.85 per cent in the
Indiana.
W. R. Eckart, consulting engineer, a
former engineer in the navy, of high
scientific attainments and rare practi
cal ability, contributed his share to
ward the final success.
Robert Forsyth, an eminently prac
tical man with vast experience in get
ting the most work out of the en
gines and boilers in a ship, also did
good work on the Oregon. He worked
the engines up to their full capacity
with due regard to the fact that every
thing was new and untried, and the
subsequent career of the ship shows
that he was within the margin of
safety.
The performance at her trial demon
strated her superiority in speed over
her competitors, and the run of about
14,000 miles without stopping to over
haul any part of the complicated and
delicate machinery is as fine a testi
monial to the honest work of San Fran
cisco mechanics as could be desired and
any one of them in the future may well
be proud that he was one of the build
ers of the Oregon.
The good snip left San TVanciseo
March 19 for the East, with her bunkers
full, drawing about 26 feet of water.
She averaged 10.96 knots, on her run of
4112 knots to ('allao, thence 2550 knots
at 11.9 knots an hour, and from Sandy
Point made a spurt of 14.6 knots an
hour during nine consecutive hours
without resorting to forced draught.
Arriving at Ju^fter Inlet, Florida, May
23, she had accomplished the long voy
age at the average rate of 11*4 knots
an hour, and what is still more remark
able, no part of the ship was in need
of repairs. On the contrary. Captain
Clark at once Joined our fleet at San
tiago, where, on July 3, the ship ren
dered such signal service in the de
struction of Cervera's fleet. The story
of the events of that day are too re
cent to need recital, and stories of the
work of the Oregon are daily coming
in. but there is one lesson to be deduced
from the results of the battle off San
tiago which should not be ignored, and
it is this:
When Cervera's fleet ran out the
Brooklyn, rated at 21.91 knots, was
nearest to the enemy, and the Ore
gon further away. In the chase of
the flying enemy the Oregon, rated at
16.79 knots spoed, gained on both the
Brooklyn and upon the Cristobal Co
lon, credited with 20 knot^.speed. This
would indicate that while the Oregon
was doing her level best the Brooklyn
was either unprepared for the dash or
unable because of foulness of bottom
to make the same speed as the Oce
gon, and finally that the Spanish ship
was overrated as to speed. Foreign
navies abound in ships with phenome
nal speeds on paper, and it woulu seem
that we have sonic also In our navy,
but that trip of 14,000 mileg, culminat
ing in a dash of speed exceeding those
rated several knots higher, goes to
show that the Oregon has done more
than her duty and that the ships
turned out by the Union Iron Works
are the peers of any in the world.
HE IS A GREAT
SHIP-BUILDER
Brief Sketch of the Career of George
W. Dickie of the Union
Iron Works.
The following biographical sketch of
Mr. Dickie has Just boen prepared by
John W, Richards, one of the contrib
utors of Cassler's Magazine, and Is to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1898.
GEORGE W. DICKIE,
Manager of the Union Iron WorKs, to Whose Wonderful Mechanical SltHl the Success of
the Battleship Oregon Is Largely Due.
be published in the forthcoming num
ber of that periodical:
George W. Dickie was born at ,Ard
roth, Scotland, sixty years ago. He
first trained in his father's shipyard
at Ardroth, and afterward moved to
Dundee. After this tr> served an ap
prenticeship with a North British
railroad, and was then trained in con
struction of textile machinery and hy
draulic machines and apparatus, and
then became qualified for the multifar
ious duties which he has been called
upon to discharge in San Francisco.
He is a personal friend and is closely
connected In a political sense with
Commodore George W. Melville, Chief
of the Bureau of Steam Engineering
of the United States Navy. They have
extended reciprocal aid to each other.
His present position as a ship-builder
is as well established in other countries
as at home.
The use and progress of deep water
shipbuilding on the Pacific Coast has
been due in a great measure to the per
sonal acts of Mr. Dickie, who holds the
position of chief engineer of the Union
Iron Works. Shipbuilding may be said
to be congenital in the Dickie family.
who for more than 200 years have all
been shipbuilders. When he came to
the coast, more than twenty years ago,
he came with the object of establishing
shipbuilding here. At that time iron
shipbuilding had not been commenced
in the United States, but the change
from wood to metal was evident and
people hesitated to engage in an indus
try which had apparently so
little permanence as wooden ship-
Mr Dickie became chief construct ing
engineer for the Risdon Iron Works
after first building the San Francisco
Gas Works, and a little later on for the
famous Comstock lode at Virginia City
engineering works of a novel character.
Tn the meantime he had induced his
brothers to follow him to this coast-
James Dickie, now shipbuilder for the
Union Iron Works, and John Dickie,
who occupies the same position in the
Fulton Iron Works. They established
the firm of Dickie Bros., which, how
ever, did not include the personal ser
vices of George Dickie.
About 1884 he prepared elaborate
ROBERT FORSYTH, SUPERINTENDING ENGINEER UNION IRON
WORKS.
and complete drawings for what is
called composite vessels, with the in
tention of establishing a line between
San Francisco and New York via the
Straits of Magellan, which enterprise
tailed owing to the non-investment
of capital.
In 18»5 he attempted an organization
in San Francisco composed of a num
ber of our most prominent citizens to
absorb the business of Dickie Bros.,
and to founl a manufactory for the
building of iron steamships. About the
same time the Union Iron Works con
, \ed a similar scheme which, under
...t- direction of Irving M. Scott, took
form in the acquirement of land at the
Potrero, and the removal of the works
to that place. As there was not room
for the two kindred enterprises, Mr.
Dickie was induced to become a mem
ber of the Union Iron Works, repre
senting the shipbuilding branch of
their industry as chief engineer. The
building of Government vessels by the
Union Iron Works was commenced
after a visit of Irving M. Scott to the
Navy Department and other executive
branches of the Government at Wash-
ington.
The history of subsequent contracts
for the Government has culminated in
the construction of the battleship Ore
gon, the first being the Charleston. The
Oregon speaks for itself, for Mr. Dickie
and for the Union Iron Works, and is
perhaps the best vessel of its class in
the world. The immense labor of draw
ing plans and making computations
devolved entirely upon Mr. Dixie,
who, in one case, was in his office al
most all the time for six months.
One thing in connection with • Mr.
Dickie's recent visit to Japan is not gen
erally known. He went there after Mr.
Scott had returned to find that Eng
land had sent the war vessel Edgar
there for the same purpose, namely, to
secure contracts for building Japanese
warships. He went on board the Ed
gar, introduced himself to the captain,
and told his purpose. The English of
ficer acted manfully and introduced
him to the Japanese naval officials.
In company with Lord and Lady
Spencer and a number of other distin
guished guests he was taken on an ex
cursion in the Edgar around he Sea of
Japan. The fair treatment accorded
by the Britishers gave this country an
equal show in competition, and Mr.
Dickie received contracts for two Jap
anese war vessels. This incident Is
very pleasing, taken in connection with
the friendly relations now existing be
tween England and America.
While a good writer and conversa
tionalist, Mr. Dickie is withal so mod-
il v - ■■ ■ : % ia , 1 1
s - i i rt ■/«■•■'-•■'■■■■' .- / E3 * ■
i] li Sto£3 - ' ■ . ' '
. n Looks weak. Who says that of you? "Worried," |
[ some say. But you are well aware that those who
■ say that you are weak know the truth. In your
common sense, why do you not try to alter the \
state of affairs? It is ever so much better to be
manly than puny. It is a great deal more satisfac-
tory to be certain that you can do everything your \
! manhood urges than to be afraid that you will awake i
111. You have burdened your brain too much. You
have spent midnight oil. Now you regret. But you
are not alone. Others have been foolish.
n "Hudyan" has made up for the follies of 20,000
• men. It has turned the weaklings into brawny,
healthy men. Think of the pleasing and even the
!" Hudyan" has made up for the boy— or as a
men. It has turned the weaklings into brawny,
healthy men. Think of the pleasing and even the
grand sensation you enjoyed as a boy— or as a
I young man— when you first found out what good
i health was. Do you wish to see these days again? \
If you do there is a possibility. You fear that you <
! have transgressed too grossly. Could you but know
how many greater sinners against nature there are
in the world you would grossly. Could you but know
how many greater sinners against nature there are
in the world you would be full of hope— and not fear.
"Hudyan" has never yet failed, and it will not in •
! your case.
'. : '^~ What *' Hudyan "does is this: It makes up the gen»
eral vitality to the normal point. It does for the
overworked farmer as much as it does for the man
mentally tired. It cures all forms of prostration. It /
is nature's most efficient remedy. Circulars and tes-
timonials, which will tell you all about it, are freely
sent. And if you will but ask for medical advice it
will be sent to you without a particle of expense. No
matter what troubles you, the big Institute stands
ready and willing to help you; Write to-day and see.
• ■< if your blood Is tainted, simply ask .for "30-day blood cure" circulars. They will show you how It
has cleansed thousands of scrofulous men 8 systems. AlUforms of the trouble give way to It. The cure Is
rapid and always effective. . , ..v: -; ..-* : ....-- . ', .■ ■-;.- -/ _ : : ■
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Mew-Rot emcl Ellis Streets, San Francisco,
('
I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
_ ®
T
©
. . . ON ... X
SPECIAL SALEJORJIS WEEK ! I
SPECIALS. ;-- %
White Quilts. Table Linen. I
(M Tin 25 dozen extra large size White rr YARD— 2S pieces 66-inch Half- (J)
ik ■ ■ Honeycomb Quilts in good pat- {\[\\\ bleached German Table Linen, war- I
▼ lIUUI terns,- hemmed, ready for use. Www ranted pure linen, in choice designs, y
Regular value $1.25. Regular value 75c. ®
" 7C YARD— 2S pieces 72-inch Half- ($)
01 0C 20 dozen lar 2 e size Honeycomb /hP bleached German Table Linen, war- T
ihli/lli Quilts, Marseilles patterns, good ' *»v ra nted pure linen, in new choice y
V " UU quality. Regular value $1.50. * designs. Well worth $1.00 a yard. (i)
. • . . . fir YARD— 3S pieces 66-inch Bleached ®
01 7C 30 dozen extra large size Honey- 1 U Table Damask (German manufac- 1
ib If Hi COmb °- ullts - Marseilles P at - UUU ture) warranted pure linen, extra T
T terns, hemmed, ready for use, • h qua in choice designs. 0
choice patterns. Regular value Excellent value at $1.10. 1
$2.25. V
— ~ 01 fid 25 pieces 72-inch Bleached Table ■©
(nO OC 20 dozen Marseilles Quilts, extra .11 1I I Damask (German manufacture), T
ik/i/hi large size, hemmed, ready for V " ww in extra fine quality, choice de- V
yuiuui use Excellent value $2.75. signs. Regular value $1.25. ®
EXTRA SPECIAL. 1
Extraordinary values in Ready-made Sheets and Pillowcases, ' .1
in plain hemmed, hemstitched and embroidered, in all sizes. .
— ®
■I /"\ A YARD — 200 pieces new Wrapper Flannelettes, in dark and medium ®
lv-/C-» colorings, very choice designs. On sale at 10c a yard. ®
123 to 129 POST STREET. J
est of character and reticent of speech
that Mr. Richards had to secure the
facts of his biography from friends.
CHINESE WARSHIP SUNK
DURING A STORM
One Hundred and Forty-Six Persons
Reported Drowned at Port
Arthur.
BERLIN, July 30.— A morning paper of
this city says that the Chinese warship
Jutschi has been sunk at Port Arthur
during a storm and that 146 persons were
drowned. No such Chinese warship is
listed and it is possible that an error has
been made in the transmission of the
name by cable.
WILL BE ABANDONED
AS A PERMANENT CAMP
WASHINGTON, July 30.— 8y direction
of the Secretary of War orders have been
issued that Miami, Fla.. shall be aban
doned as one of the permanent camps of
the United States forces, and directing
that the troops now there shall be trans
ferred immediately to Jacksonville. On
account of the necessarily inadequate fa
cilities for the proper sanitation of the
camp it was deemed desirable to move
the troops to some other point. There
are now at Miami about 7500 volunteers —
the division comprising the First and Sec
ond Texas, the First and Second Ala- »
bama and the First and Second Louis
iana.
The illness among the men at Miami is
malarial and typhoid fever. Every at
tention is being given those who are con
fined in the hospital, and they are getting
along as well as reasonably could be ex
pected.
Travels of Two Princes.
BERLIN, July 30.— Prince ' Henry of
.Prussia arrived at Fusa:i, Kore-d., on July
28. His vessel, the Deutschland, will sail
from there on August 5.
NEW YORK July 30.— Prince Victor
Emmanivl of Italy, who is' traveling as
the Count of Turin, arrived here to-day
from Newport.MEASURES
BEFORE THE
COMMONS
Legislation
for Ireland.
CLANCY TELLS OFTHE DEBATE
PROGRESS ON THE LOCAL GOV-
ERNMENT BILL.
One Point Is Clear, and That Is the
Irish Landlords Will Not Be
Aided by Their Euglish
•Triends."
BY J. J. CLANCY.
LONDON, July 16.— We have had an
other "Irish week" at Westminster—
the last -Irish" week of the session,
which will, for all purposes, come to a
close the first or early in the second
week of August. The principal busi
ness, of course, has been the considera
tion of the Irish local government bill
"on report." The "report" stage is
really the committee stage over again.
Mith the exceptio.i that the Speaker
(instead of the chairman of conimit
tees) occupies the chair and that each
person can speak on each motion only
once, and not as often as he likes.
Things got on smoothly enough the
first and second days of the week, and
it was fully expected that the bill
■would be finally disposed of by Thurs
day night and that ample time would
be found within the limit for the dis
cussion of the two or three important
questions that remained to be debated.
But we a!l counted without our host.
Late on Tuesday night there was a sud
den stop to our gallop, caused by the
Intervention of an obstructive band of
b Liberals.
i : the principal proposals in the
bill la '• the Irish landlords for
the future of their liability to the poor
rate. That is the only local rate in Ire
lo which they are or have been
liable, and th< y are and have been lia
ble for only half of that impost. To re
them of the burden will cost about
- year out of the annual grant
of three-quarters of a million pounds,
■which it is proposed to make out of the
imperial treasury in aid of Irish local
rates. This payment or relief to the
landlords, of course, was not liked by
the Irish popular representatives, but
. it was made an essential condition of
'•once.scion of local self-govern
ment, and they had, therefore, no
■ but to u^rrpe to it. One would
imagine that, when those most con
i accepted the situation and re-
: t" make the best of it, British
home-rulers at least would not have,
:■-.'. .leJt bound to demur. Just, however, as
: tj Catholics who are more i
,: Catholic lhan the Pope, so some British
:•■/•' Liberals are, it appears, more bent on
Qfifre on the Irish landlords
their past n ban the repre
ntatives of the lush tenants them
. ■ g would do the British'
Liberals but to object on the first read-
Ing t the bill, to debate the matter
• Be ■:'.'! reading and to de
it once more on two subsequent
- in committee. At least all
efforts might be thought enough
•. - tisfy '--yen British Liberal honor;
hut no. Late on Tuesday night, when
: ;he clauses dealing with
the agricultural grant to Ir.-land was
t>a. hed. a small band of British home
rulors commenced a campaign of ob
truction to further progress with the
bin, and did not leave off till late on the
. . i i d j xt night.
.; Th4s band did not contain among its
n..Tnbvrs any of the Liberal leaders —
eo-caUed. They were either ashamed
■••'.or afraid to give even the countenance
-.'..{•.of. their presence to the proceedings of
• ;.;. their "Irregulars." Whether they se
sretly encouraged them is not a point
•:. ; . 6o easily determined. The irregulars
Vere led for the occasion by Mr. Lloyd-
V: • :; Seorge, a Welsh member. He is a
.'•■. Small, insignificant looking fellow,
who, however, is rather clever and a
fairly good speaker. He poses as one
■ : . of the leading exponents of "the Non
conformist Conscience," and there can
y be no doubt that his great aim is of
fice for — Mr. Lloyd-George. His idea,
apparently, is that one of the best ways
to get to office is to copy the ways of
Parnell in the old days of Irish »b-
Btruction and generally to get himself
talked about; and this idea of his is
shared by Mr. George Lambert, a
. young West of England member of far
less brains and much less glib with his
tongue, but equally ambitious. Those
were the leaders of the Liberal incur-
Bion. and they had attached to their
rhariot wheels four or five rather mud
dleheaded, middle aged representatives
of British Liberal opinion who could
not, of course, have waged the battle
an hour by their own unaided efforts.
The proceedings of the little band were
as simple as possible, and entirely
lacked the skill that marked the old
obstruction campaigns of Parnell,
whoso methods they strove to follow.
For the most part, they merely kept
insisting on a "division" on every pos
• Bible occasion, and as each "division"
: in the British House of Commons occu
•pfes something between a quarter of an
hour and twenty minutes, it is easy to
■'. lee ihdw they broke up the greater part
Df two ordinary sittings.
: ; . About 9 p. m. on Thursday the L10yd
"..."• Heorge-Lanit>ert combination got tired
•:/and left off fightinr They gained
.'. -.nothing for themselves, of course, but
■■./..•n -■- ety, but they inilicted injury on
■;•;■: lreland and no little hardship on the
! reßi of the House. It had been agreed
.'•:•.: I hut the report stage of the local gov
--.._'■:[ eminent bill should be finished that
. . ; ils-kt. How could that end be accom
l now that so little time was left
. "»rd'that <so many matters of more or
.' .•:■;•..;, .-*m. Importance remained to be dis
.;"• . .AivK'-ri".' There was no way out of this
■■■;-..'•• -frifticulty but to have an "all-night"
. . ; ■-;:.! i!_:L-. l have been long enough in
. :•■ . • :-.HI.e House ojC <.'oiigress to remember
•'.,•■... muiny an all-night sitting, before the
;:,■■.■ pas.slr.K of th" rule that the transaction
;:./: -.•■ jf 'all opposed business should cease at
•-.• '■', midnight; and the memory has no at
\:: traction for me. Eleven years ago, in
" : the . fight against the passing of the
:•■ ■ ast. lrish c rclon act, there were sev
■/.••' trfl. consecutive weeks In which mem
.';• Ders-of the House of Commons not only
■•..:":' dined, but took supper in the House,
•.... and only went home "with the milk"
-lii the morning, which was all the
. ."•; harder when we had all again to make
;.-. :■ bur appearam <• In the House at 4 p m.
■ to go through the same weary and
• ..■ hopeless fight. With no pleasure there-
I . fore, did many of us look forward to
*!'.• mother all-night sitting; but there was
:•: oo escape from It and we accordingly
.-.; • "sat" -till 5 o'clock on Saturday morn
. '.■■; Ing, when we finished the bill.
:■'•. As a matter of fact, it was a far more
.' ,vea,risome all-night performance of the
•' • kind than any I had previously at-
V! tended, and the reason is that on this
j occasion the proceedings were mostly
THE EMPORIUM.
Improvements Mad!
Great alterations are in prog-
ress. The interior of Califor-
nia's largest and America's
grandest store is being exten-
sively remodeled to facilitate
our rapidly growing business.
THE NEW HAT SECTION with complete
new stock is the first of the improved
departments to be ready for business-
Opens to-morrow, Monday, August 1.
THE NEW SHOE SECTION with greatly
enlarged and improved and entirely new
stock will be the first department to
the right of main entrance. Op?n for
business Thursday, August 4.
I Real Economy in
I Buying Clothes Here*
£ Whatever you want to wear, and when-
% ever you want it, you may be certain that
lit will pay you to trade at the big store. No
t one does undersell us— no one shall.
ftp
»
I &n;& n ; Fall Clothing.
'■ & New, vigorous management and new stock in our Cloth-
i * Ing Department. Look into our great show windows.
•* See the fine ready-to-wear Clothing exhibited there. Note
* the extremely low prices. ">;.;'
*► __^ —~ We are surpris-
S f&* f^<' ~'~ (TBl ing everybody with
* ,£ if Jk4^' <ZM the sorts that we
* Xvlwrm^, %V keep and it is all
* A^l\rl\^ /tfy>\ the kind that will
5 \\ m ) U\y Fr\\ retain its shape and
» X )Ulla/^LSILX L \ \ finish until the
* /\7 " IC^^^ I, \ cloth itself is worn
* / r~^TMi~"'\\ 'r X' ) out We are re '
* /Wf In I\ \ 1 <: — \S sponsible for every
I V^ \\ i I W /K — V thread and stitch,
* n^TnT \ k r '\v for e Y cry scrap of
5. /// Il\ II I \ II material. No one
> / I \ 1 I\\ keeps better— no
*> // II \ \\ one will treat you
* Jlf \ \ \ \ better. New Cut-
* I [ I \ \\\ away Frocks-New
* /I 1 « I\\ Prince Alberts—
Ik I I=a^ ks^fTr-^JUL 1 II New Double-breas-
J =-iJ L v "~^^ ) ted Silktaced Sacks
6 ~ =^ z tJI ~~** S:s *^m' New Overcoats
$. *^ —^^J&i --New Fancy Vests
V °^ —New Trousers—
* have all been piling in upon us for days past, until now we
'? can say our stock is complete.
* These Will Be Popular.
fr LOT 4698— A fine qua.ity or Men's All-wool Black Thi-
* bet Suits, in double-breasted sacks, with fine silk *. £- ™
* facing— all sizes— price JJ>*O.UU
* LOTS 9280 AND 9286— Fast color All-wool B!u: or Black
* Serge Cheviots, of unusual good quality in all ticnn
£ sizes— in double-br*asted silk-race sacks— price.. .J>*3«UU
* Boys' New Fail Clothing.
#> Come and see the display — not a suit but what is new
* and beautiful we show an immense sg^.
* range at all prices from <tfnnn dMSfrfo
* 51.95 to 4>*u.uu rfrX^u^
* Boys' Military Capes. -■ M S^iv-^
& Another lot just ; received— they \ WJyi l^^''T\
» won't last long— the excellence of fmf^, /V \
■*• material, the graceful shape, the low v—"^ 1 ' I wnSj
* price, will soon clean them a/ «^ \ M^
X out— sizes 3to ioyears.price. -PO.UU IF ,■ * r/5/ ,
X Mo-e. bie values in Boys' New Hi 1 9 \T
5 Fall Knee Pants at 50c, 75<-tf.« qq yLL=ss?
I and $ J -00 TT^rfT
ft Boys' 2-piece Suits— for the larger |/j 7[| I
* boys, Bto 16 years— knee pants— ,'[/ / IH7
* strong all-wool suits— offered you at : A VLJ >rT
* $2.45, 52.9>, 53-4-, ?3-95 and : 95- // 7\ j] *
T every suit is new— every suit all if [1,1 > )jl
% wool— not a suit but at least a dollar i jl { l\\M
X cheaper in price than where— see Ik ffl (jjgl
* them, anyway. . \J&
fr .
I &*< Hat Department.
* To-morrow we open our new Hat Department — a new
* location, with better light, better accommodations, bigger
* stock, lower prices, and every hat in it brand new— the
* coming Fall styles— and the only store in the West shew-
£ ing them so early.
* 6 v'Cv^ The latest Fall
£ /%- /'^ /^\^V\ shapes in Men's New
£ f/Mo*~~~^*^ / ' — V\l', D.-rbys — either black
5 'Im Vi brown— 12.85,
i 'I :j^p/TH: j^p/TH 1^^^*2.45,11.85 and $1.35
ift (OR\T- —^^^t^ «i*^^ jne ' atest sna s in
* V^^^"^^^ Men's Fedoras —in
* new blacks, browns,
% pearls and cedars— at $2.85, $2.45, $1.85, 51.35 and.. __
C» Handsome new styles in Boys' and Children's Caps—
* many late novelties or the naval or mi itary order —
* shapes in tarns, clo'h hats and caps. Strong values __
* offered in Boys' Tarns in many colors at 49 and... /->C
J Boys' Eton or Golf Yacht Caps ..25c and 49c
i
5 Values ia Ladies'' /-f o _
Values in Ladies' /^f^, rA «
* and Misses' Kid VjlOVeS*
* Misses' 2-clasp Kid Gloves hi Reds, Browns and ~r
> Tan*, embroidered backs, all sizes ••••■ ODC
#> : -. Misses' 2-clasp Real Kid Gloves in Rrds, Greens, ivy
'* Browns anJ Tans, embroidered backs, all sizes..... +.. -.^1
? Ladies' 2-clasp Kid Ov rseam G!ov;s, in Reds, ,Greens,
■? Browns, Tans, M de, White and Black, embroid- * nn
££ ered racks, all siz-s, best value in the city f0r...... 4>J-UU
ft, L dies' 2-clasp Re il Kid doves— Reds, Greens, Navy,
* Browns, Tans, Mode, Wnite and Black— our leaJer* t ~ c
* at •••• S>J.ZS
* Ladirs' 2-ciasp Real Kid Gloves, in Reds, New Gieens,
* Navy. Browns, Tans, Mode, Whi;e and Elack; *. cr .
|£ very fine, indeed : »pI.OU
amicable and, therefore, dull, whereas
on those nights of years ago not five
minutes papsed without angry scenes
culminating ofton in the temporary ex
pulsion of some Irish member. It was
e;;sy enough to keep awake during
those nights of strenuous fighting; it
was difficult to refrain from falling
asleep between midnight and & a. m.
yosterday. But we finished the
bill, and that Is the main point. But
there was very little real discussion
during those last hours of the report
stage, and thus one or two Questions,
such as the exclusion of the clergy
from the new local bodies, were most
Inadequately debated. This was all
that the Liberal obstructives secured,
except notoriety for themselves, which,
a^ter all, may do them more harm
than good.
Last night the Irish estimates came
on for discussion, and the most impor
tant subject debated was the report of
the last royal commission on the work
ing of the Irish land acts. The debate
was a fatal one for the Irish landlords.
The commission in question known as
the Fry Commission, was appointed by
the present Government at the special
request of the Irish landlords to de
termine the question whether the pro
ceedings of the land courts In Ireland
in reducing rents were Just or the re
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31, IS9B.
THE EMPORIUM.
■ Eleven expert buyers in New York" Mm to-day gathering the stores merchandise j@f
{or Fall and Winter — department J%(3 managers here cutting away the profits on , jd&F
N^!|^ this season's goods— an army of sellers behind our counters helping .^Hr
** us to. quickly dispose of as much of present stocks as possible before,
You will know this week what books the children will re-
quire during the coming school term, and you know by previous
experience where to buy
School Books and Supplies
At lowest prices — at bis; money-saving prices. The largest stock and best assortment in the city. An
entire section on the main floor, opposite the Book Department, and a greatly augmented force of
clerks are ready for the school-supply rush.
Hi^h School Fooks, Bookkeeping Sets for Day and Rulers, Pens and Pencils,
Commercial Schcol Eooks, Evening Schools, Slates and Pencil Boxes,
Grammar School Looks, Abstract Books, School Bags, Lunch Boxes,
Primary Schc ol Bcoks, Comp sition Eooks, Knapsacks, Etc*
Night School Books, Pen and Pencil Tablets,
Very Extra Fine Silks.
Values in rffiC OIIKS.
20-inch Fancy Jatquard Figured Silk, choice pat- _-
terns and extra value at 50c and •••— '—' Ji 3^
21-inch Two-toned Checked and Fancy Plaid Taffeta,
extra heavy quality, in magnificent line of color *j r\r\
fleets, per yard ...,......' VI.VJV
21 and 22 inch Black Satin and Gros Grain Brocades, -
small, medium and large designs, also Bayadere and
Barre effects, special values at ?f.oo, $1.25, * nt - 1
Si. 50 and • $1./ D yara
Black All-Silk Grenadines.
24-inch Black All-siik Plain Grenadines 75c to $1.25
24-inch Black All-silk Figured Grenadines, 50c to SI-00
24-inch Black All-silk Striped Grenadines, 85c to $1.25
44-inch Black All-silk Striped and Brocaded Novelty
Grenadines, 85c to •••• $3.50
' "■■'f'-' I ' "V :- : V-'-:;-:'C- ■ . ■
I""L £ Curtain Department.
Imitation Bagdad Stripes • for Couch Covers and ,-.
Poriiers, 50 inches wide, per yard .'. •• OUC
Tapestry for Furniture Covering and Drapery, full __
finished on both sides, 50 inches wide, per yard.. /OC
Striped Scrim for Sash Curtains, 36 and 40 inches *~ x
wide, per yard sc, Be, ioc and...... ......:..:...:.... \Z<iZ
Rug Fringe, assorted colors, per yard... Nt
.....:.. .....™...... ......... >£>2.Z>
'■ i Cotton Drapery Fringe, all colors, per yard 5c and.. Vq
Silk Drapery Fringe, all colors, per yard.........'..... ** x
.......;......; \ZiZ
36-inch Dotted Swiss, colored dots, green, red, <*\\
yellow and blu?, p;r yard >Z-2.Z
3-prong Wood Towel Racks, each - -.
Figured Velvet tor Mantel Drapes, 36 inches wide, __
per yard • / 3C
Tapestry and Chenille Tabh Covers, 30 inches ._
square, each. 4jC
Second Floor— Next to
Furniture Department.
Notions and Linings*
White Pearl Buttons, all sizes 5c dozen
Silk-trilled Elastic Side Garters, all c010r5.... .25c
White an i colored Finishing Braid— piece 6c
Dexter's Knitting Cotton, White— ball 5c
Shell Hairpins, 3 inches long, all colors— dozen 10c
Pearl Shirt Waist Sets, smoked or white— set 20c
Bunch Cotton Tape, assorted widths— bunch 5c
Miles' Safety Pins, all — dozen 4c
Fine Stockinet Dress Stii Ids, sizes 2, 3, 4- \>?.\x~ lOc
Silk-frilled Garter Elastic, all colors— yard.... 10c
Warren's Featherbone in all colors — yard lOc
Fine quality Bone Casing, ail colors — piece 9 yards lOc
Pure Mohair Soutache Braid, all shades— piece 25c
Two-tone Mohair Tubular Braid — dozen yards 25c
Black and Gr v Moire Taffeta Lining, 25 inches wide, yd..sc
Back Moire Persian Lining, 34 inches wide yard......!2uc
Black Seal Belts, leather lined/harness buckle 50c
Linens and Bedding*
Bleached Irish Linen Table Damask, 72 inches wide, _
satin finish, special value, per yard........ v ..... ............ 70C
Fine Bleached Table Damask, solid fabric, 72 inches __
wide, special value, per yard /DC
Cream Table Damask, fine flax, 66 inches wide, _-.
special value, per yard .; JvC
Half Bleached Table Damask, very heavy, 60.--.
inched wide, special valu.*, per yard....... .............r4UC
High Grade Huck Towels, hemstitched, size 17X *- «_
34 inch's, special value, per d0zen............. $Z,Zb
Good White Wool Blankets, size 66x80 inches, *- Qc
weight 5 lbs, very special, per pair Jpj.7s
Extra heavy fine California Blankets, slightly imper-
fect, bu' 00 per cent wool and heavy, size 72x84 * _ ««
inches, per pair........ »J>D.UU
Silkoiine Covered Comforters, hand- tufted, fine * t ,~_
white fi11ing," each.......... .............................:..... $>•
Choice grade Com'orters, silkoiine covered, a *. Qf .
grand value at our sp cial 'price..'...'.*.!.'...... ............ »pi.7(J
Beautiful large white Marseilles Spreads, very. *«' _ _
choice patterns and durable, each $ZZb
verse. Not only was the commission
appointed at the instance of the land
lords, but it did not contain upon it
even one representative of the Irish
tenants, while it did contain at least
one of the most prominent members of
the landlord class in all Ireland.
The report of this body has been
boasted of as a vindication of the land
lord position, because it contains some
criticisms on the working of the Irish
Lard Courts; and, accordingly, Irish
landlords in the House of Commons
commenced last night a discussion upon
it with a view to inducing the Govern
ment to propose another land bill — one,
I suppose, in their interest. But they
were hoisted with their own petard, for
Mr. Balfour, the Chief Secretary for
Ireland, at once picked out the weak
point in the landlord case by citing the
main finding in the Fry Commission re
port—namely, that though mistakes
might occasionally have been made, no
Injustice on the whole had been done
to the landlords. This declaration had
been given a wide berth by the land
lord speakers, and accordingly when it
was read out by the Chief Secretary
every one felt that the landlord game
was up and that nothing further was
to be hoped for from an agitation by
the landlords against the working of
the Irish land code. This was the only
conclusion to be drawn, moreover, from
THE EMPOBIUM.
the speech of the Chief Secretary. The
political results are likely to be not
unimportant. It is just possible at
least that when the Irish landlords see
(as they must now see) that they are
absolutely deserted by their English
"friends" they may come to the con
clusion that they might do worse than
go in for home rule for their own coun
try and thus give a new and perhaps
formidable turn to the Irish movement.
With this debate on the Irish land
question the session may be said to
have come to an end, so far as Ireland
is concerned.
OF BENEFIT TO THE
COLORADO STOCKMEN
An Important Order of the Union Pa
cific That Will Be Followed
by Other Railroads.
DENVER, July 30.— One of the most
important orders ever Issued by the
Union Pacific Railroad, insofar as the
livestock market of Denver and the
Western shippers of livestock are con
cerned was promulgated to-day. Early
in the year on complaints from shippers
that they were being discriminated
against on shipments to Denver from
] THE
Lades and Underwear.
Children's vjncierwcar*
Ladies' Wool- mixed Vests and Pants, natural _«
c010r— each......!.... ...» ••— Dyj C
Ladies' Black Wool Mixed Equestrian Tights, *« nn
ankle 1ength..:............. 4>I.UU
Ladies' heavy fleece lined Vests and Pants— natural - -
and ecru— each.................. •••••- •••• ZOC
Child's Merino Vests and Pants, color natural .-_
and ecru, all sizes each..—.... .^DC
Child's fleece-lined Jersey Ribbed Vests and Pants, ,-_
ecru and natural, all sizes— each— • -^C
Ladies' Sanitary Normal "Stuttgarter" Vests and" * t . _
Pants, sizes 28 to 44— per garment.. ;' 4>J.03
Catalogues of the famous "Stuttgarter" Woolen Underwear
for men, women and children free ot: application.
Children's * Hosiery*
and Ladies HOSteiy*
Children's Black Ribbed Cotton
■""VfpUJLx^"^tVV— — School Hose, heavy weight, t _
\i IWlL^r-TVifl R p=r pair *^C
Vlw&r^lk Children's IXL Ribbed Black
'fV^^^JKJW Maco Cotton Hose, extra double
CWll sou knees, size sto 10, per on
\\£A^\\\/ pair.. : « Z\JZ
<j»£«JL Misses' IXL Ribbed Imported
■ : //^\\\- ■ Maco Cotton Hose, Hermsdorf
/ v vvV^-^ black, double knees, heels ,^-
(*\ vivV^^v and toes, per pair....~~..~J..~..>. iJOC
■ ' w\\ vlsv \S Ladies' Imported 40 gauge fine
,■ '' ''' '£*s l ... vVt" / * Cotton,, Hose, spliced heels and
4%^~J V /"\\ \ toes, black and assorted tan 4_4 _
VT^^ ~^ shades, per pair~..~~..~— >OC
\ " '"'^J^V-r^V Ladies' 40-gauge Black Maco
*^-iiTfe ITT : ' ~'< Cotton Hose, unbleached feet,
riiv.x&^a>- Hermsdorf black, double ~-
" **" -"i^.. —~ — soles, heels and toes, per pair.. ZoC
Ribbons, Veils, Handkerchiefs*
Gauz; Ribbons for trimming Organdies, 20c, 35c, 40c
and..... ...................:. 45c
All-silk Fancy P.aiJ and S ripe Ribbon, yx to 4^ inches. 25c
Endless variety Bayadere Stripe Sash Ricbon, 75cand.$LOO
Wash Veils, White and Cream, 25c, 35c and..;............ 50c
Plain and Dotted Tuxedo Veiling, 18-inch 25c and...... 50c
DouDle Width Dotted TuxeJo Veiling, 15c and 25c
Ladies' All-linen Initial Handkerchiefs, per box of 6..... 90c
Ladies' Sheer Lawn Scalloped Embroidered Hand- * .
kerchiefs, each. 10c
Ladies' Linen Scalloped Hemstitched Embroidered
Handkerchiefs, each „ 15 C
Orrr\rt>Yioc Compare the prices with
groceries* those you ar / paying
Western Refinery Granu- Emporium Blend Mocha
lated Sugar, 17 1p5....ti.00 and Java C0ffee......... 35c
Emporium Flour, none bet- v , ■ ..',
fr, 50 sack ....Jr. 10 You cant match *at l "
Sperry's Flour, . 50-pound tan 40:. , \
5ack5................;......fi.i 5 Choice Eastern Lard— 3
Drifted Snow Flour, 50 Ib lbs, 30: ; 5 Ibs, 50c ; 10
5ack5.......... ...$i 15 lbs.—.- „ ~ 95c
Cooper's Oil, the large Eastern Hams, choice, Ib. 13c
b0tt1e5.......... Kingsford's Corn Starch,
Ghirardelh Cocoa, %lb lib pkgs... —.... 8c
l 'ns • ; ..............23c Kingford's Gloss Starch,
Ghirardelli's Cocoa, llb Ilb pkg5........ .......8c
 tins , .45c Canary, Hemp and Rape
Miner's Coco.i, %Ib tlns.22c Seed— lb... .4'
Ghirardelli's Eagle Choco- 10-oz. Electric Candles, 25 ~
late— caKe .....:... .........23c f0r............ 25c
Ghirardelli's Eagle Ch»co- . Emporium Oil, 5 ga15... 51.20
late, ground, 1 lb tins...2Bc Golden Rule Cane Syrup,
Ghirardelli's Eagle Choco- gallon cans ........ ......45c
. late, 3lb tins .....73c Gallon cans Pure White •
Emporium Baking Pow- Honey 90c
der, Ilb tins, guaran- Vulcan Matches, pkg. 7
teed equal to any...... 37c gross— —....~-..!'...:-,..^75c
yi Box Soda Crackers ..55c Greer's Ammonia, qts—...22c
bchepp's Cocoanut, j^ lb Arm & Hammer Soda, llb
pkg5............ .....14c pkgs ...........................6c
Schepp's Cocoanut, Ilb Dwlght's Cow Brand
pkg5;.................. 28 Soda, llb pkg ........ 6c
Fancy Soft Shell Wai- '• The best Imported Maca-
nuts, 1b....... ............ ioc roni, i-lbpkg, 2 f0r.... 25c
Best quality mixed nuts. I2^c Loose Muscatel Raisins, 4
Pearl or Flake Tapioca, lb.4C Crown ........................5c
Sago, 1b.... 4c Fancy New Orleans Mo-
Eastern Rolled Oats, Ib. ...3: lasses— the kind you pay
Cream Breakfast Wheat, f 1 for ...............75c
1b.. ....................... ........3c Sal. Soda, ie lb, per cwt..9sc
points west of Colorado, the National
Livestock Association took up the mat
ter of adjusting these rates with West
ern lines. As a result the Union Pa
cific to-day issued an order making
Denver the terminus for all Western
shipments of stock instead of Ogden,
Utah.
Heretofore a shipper was compelled,
on reaching Ogden, to elect his route
to the Eastern markets. If he selected
the Union Pacific for Omaha or Kan
sas City he was not allowed to try
the Denver market without paying the
local freight rate from Cheyenne, Wyo.,
to Denver and return, a distance of 210
miles. Under the new ruling a ship
per can have his stock billed to any
Eastern market via Denver without
extra charge, thus giving him the ad
vantage of two markets instead of one,
without extra freight rates which made
shipments from many points in the
West to this market prohibitory.
It is Bald that other Western roads
terminating or running through here
will take similar action at an early
date.
Death at San Ramon.
SAN RAMON, July 30.— George Mc-
Camily died this morning of heart dis
ease. He came across the plains early in
1850 with a team of oxen, and settled
THE EMPORIUM.
Real Economy in
Home Furnishings*
These selected items from half a do^en of
our house-furnishing departments will con-
vince the most skeptical that the big store
has reduced the cost of living in California
to the minimum.
Price^on 1 Good ; Furniture.
. This picture merely indl-
\^^^~^S>^A . (__C>- catcs the style of a very sub-
■ 11 1 ii^^Ti 1 1 1 r~;"Tj stantial selected Oak Bed-
___________ 'r!Ji\ j room Set— 3 pieces— bed, bu-
[)— — -f| 1 w 11 reau and washstand— large
[ __ j 1 ■)* I ( French beveled plate mirror —
'] ; -=-= r tF"-T- pretty carvings— polish,
?-- -Jl -* ■ - 1. the regular price $25.00— f0r
— ___!_£ ____ "*. *". i the s first week in ■„. 4 _ _,_
V*** 1 ~r~ Kl~7T l ir— ■ — F August - $15.75
fc -~ H^ Good spring mattress $1.50
This five-piece Parlor Suit, . V
As upholstered 4t__S_S____fb
__—_= week in Au- '°— J4h^>4?i t^lil V' "^
I 'f-^JI 1 / >- r l I Sideboard— solid selected oak — highly
|rr^ I*- _^j polished — elabo- r —~—~— ■
* " "rately hand-carv- r^^^=^~~~~^
ed top— 44xlB inches — three styles 7TJT[~X^
— worth $35— for the first week in If 1 \\
August, H ))j R
<p>/*/0* .0 1 v
Oak Finished Parlor Table, like IL^' ' ---0
picture — top — bargain at n^zsz'z^^
fi.25 — come early to get one this fj [£' s I]
week for ti )_^
50c. '."'. "'■;>''■■
Remarkable z^ 1 - _-i. "D^^«,«
Bargains in Carpets, Rugs*
Some recent purchases at a great New York Carpet
Sale, absolutely perfect goods from the best makers In
newest designs.
Alex. Smith & Son's Axminster Carpets, best +. nn
quality, regularly sold for $1.35 yard, for- ........ *p*.UU
Alex. Smith & Son's Tapestry Brussels, almost endless
variety of patterns and color effects to select from, .-
per yard •••••• .„.:..„ 43C
Ingrain : Carpetings, extra quality of goods, a fine
line of patterns— yard ..-...:........ ODC
Linoleum 12 feet wide (wide enough to cover a.-
room in one piece), per square yard- 4oC
Art Squares in sightly patterns and colors — to save car
pets, especially in dining rooms— Jn all sizes— 9x6 * "
feet, a good size, costs.... •• -~". .....V.~... _. 4)X«UD
Extra quality Linen Warp Matting, reduced from i_j
30c yard t0..... ...» '•••••• ~— ■»■■■■.■■» *7jC
__TnS" Dinner Set. '
Here's a good-look-,
ing serviceable Dinner ' _«___.
able made Henley Pot- IllJ^/^^^^^^r^^^W^
able Upper Henley Pot* IfittK, ' N^^g^"^^V^Sr '
tery Co. in: England. A 'l((([Ef __^- >:^~^ >^_. j <^^»
It is made of strong i^^^^^^^^feTjw^KWX
semi-porcelain, the dec- y?*ss^sffiM&*\7 • "yl
orations in Cobalt blue, \j^^ V j )^^^^>^tJ > /J
103 pieces, for twelve f^* — — - ■ •=**£^J/ ,
people.- $13.25
52 pieces for 6 people -. -.....-_ $7.95
A more elaborate semi-porcelain set from the famous
Ridge way pottery at ; Merville, England, daintily decorated,
charming shapes — costs:
103 pieces for 12 people ......... ._....^..«...^.™... 516.90
52 pieces for 6 pe0p1e.............~.-..-™~— ~™-./..™....59.45
Duplicate of > above always in stock, so that If ? single
pieces get broken they can be replaced. . i ; :f/: f/
Necessities House Furnishings.
from the **OUSC x UTllllSill ngS*
Full size extra heavy double Wash Board, with
Protector.- .......~ — 25c
Extra larce granite steel Wash 8a5in5........................25c
Embossed tin Crumb Tray and 5craper—.............—... lOc
Granite steel Candle 5tick5......... .........................15c
The best, wire Sink 5trainer5.~~..........:..._................20c
Wood chair Seats, with Brass Head Nails .............lOc
Large granite steel . -- t —
Drinking Cups lOc s^^— §r^>^jg3jjpfc^
A No. 7 six-hole Range
set up complete sZ\^W/^ im *^ I
1 dozen Wire Coat and *ft~fF— _. -rr '
Hat Hooks for lOc '-'W-K? ' ■ 1 YJ7
Highly polished white C*. M 'v. ■
wood Towel Roller S^vcy v:3 N ,
for- lOc \J - I
In San Ramon Valley, where he has lived
ever since. He was born in Michigan in
1524.
MURDER OF THE
MARQUIS DE MORES
Prisoners Have Confessed That They
Shot the Adventurous French
man in Tripoli.
LONDON, July 30.— Advices have
been received here from Tunis to the
effect that three natives have been ar
rested in connection with the murder
of Marquis de Mores, who was reported
on June 17, 1896, to have been assassi
nated south of Tripoli. The advices add
that the prisoners have confessed to the
murder of the Marquis.
The Marquis de Mores left Eloutia, a
Tripolitan village, on June 8 for Gha
damas with eight companions and an
escort of Touargos and Schambels, who
were armed with carbines. He was at
tacked by the Touargo escort, who shot
him and left him lying in the road.
The Marquis de Mores was well
known in America. He was the son of
the Duke of Vallambrosa and married
a daughter of Louis yon Hoffman, a
banker of New York City, In 1882, corn
THE EMPOBITJM.
STpw" Liquors.
Part of Grocery Department
now — increased stocks — de-
creased prices— goods guaran-
teed.
Burkes Scotch Whiskey— bottle.....
......;. ....$ 1.00
Burkes Irish Whiskey— bottled 1.00
Jameson's XXX Whiskey— bottle...
: ..,........$1.65
Pabst Best Tonic— $2.65
Genuine A. V. H. Gin— bottle. 1.45
Hennessy 3-Star Brandy— bottle
$ 1.70
Wood Alcohol— $ 1.50
Good Bourbon Whiskey— gallon... ..
1 ••« $2.25
ing to America a year later, settling in
Dakota and embarking in the cattle
raising business. The object of hia
journey to the Soudan was for the pur
pose of enlisting Arab chieftains against
the British Government.
EXPULSION OF ZOLA.
Promises to Create Serious Division
in the Legion of Honor.
PARIS. July 30.— The expulsion of M.
Emile Zola from the Legion of Honor
promises to create a serious division in
the organization. The well-known au
thor, M. Jules Barbier, resigned yester
day on account of M. Zola's expulsion
and this morning M. de Pressenz, the ed
itor of the Temps, took a similar courso,
saying It is "repugnant to wear a dec
oration which still ornaments the breast
of a man like Esterhazy, while It has
been removed from that of a great writer
simply because he demands that the
most elementary principles of law and
justice be respected."
A Georgia judge is credited with say-
Ing in giving a formal judicial opinion:
"Indeed, it is always probable that
something improbable will happen."
Advances made on furniture and pia.no«, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
56
SU \- DAY : f&LY 3i, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. p.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Stre«t
Telephone Mala 1874.
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) I*
•erved by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a weak- By mall $6 per year; per montt)
£5 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL - ...One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
Washington id. c> office Ri£t* h OU m
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGMSS. Advertising Representative.
IRANCH OFFICES— S2T Montgomery street, corner Clay,
' open until 930 o'clock. 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clooK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 Lar^ln street, open urjtll 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock.- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- S5lB
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open urjth 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 930 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second an*
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
.'■. . Columbia— "A Gallant Surrender."
.' " ' ' j Alcazar— "East Lyune
-. ''; • Morocco's— "The Two Orphans "
._ ■ Tlvoll-"The Beggar Student."
' Orpheum- Vaudeville.
;• .• .' The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Man.
' :• • Olyinpla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
. • ' ''• Eutro's Baths— Swimming:. -'.:''.*•'•
.El Campo— danclng- t boatlngr, fishing:, every Sumlr\y.
" . », . Excursion to Santa Cruz.
. Becreatlon Park— Baseball this afternoon.
•• ',- Coursing— Union Coursing Park.
.- . Courßlng— Coursing- Park.
■ • ' .Central Park— Horseshoeing Tournair.ent.
• *•'" .State Pair— Sacramanto, September 5.
. l\' . AUCTION SALES.
: . : N. E. Clark— Monday, August 1. Hand-painted China, at
1080 Market street, at 2 and 7 p. m. .- .•-'.
A PERSONAL INQUIRY.
OUR esteemed contemporary, the Evening Post,
having read and digested an editorial in this
paper devoted to discussing "yellow dog"
gubernatorial candidates, calls in imperious tones for
the name of the man whom we desire nominated by
the Republican convention. Of course it was impos
sible for the Post to award us the credit of sincerity.
It could see nothing in our "historical inquiries" ex
cept a desire to kill off all other candidates and place
before the convention an aspirant of our own choice.
However, we do not complain of the Post's mental
obliquity. Having been retained by "Lou" Brown,
it is quite natural that it should get red in the face
when "yellow dogs" are mentioned.
••.:• But notwithstanding the ungenerous construction
which it places upon The Call's motives, we are not
vtinwilling to take our esteemed contemporary into our
confidence. At the same time, however, we shall in
.vite the confidence of the 150,000 Californians who
' every two years yearn for a chance to vote the Repub
lican ticket, and who do vote it when permitted by the
political bosses.
The Call has no candidate for Governor. We do
not intend to have a candidate. We design devoting
: ourselves in thi* campaign to the success of the Re
publican party. We believe that when the govern
ment is administered by self-respecting, independent
Republicans it is administered better, more cheaply
and more honestly than when administered by dema
gogue Democrats, rattle-pated Populists and hungry
office-seekers. We are, therefore, anxious to see the
.Republican party succeed at the coming election, and
all. bur "historical inquiries"* have been and will be
devoted to directing the minds of its leaders into chan
nels which promise success.
History is fruitful of lessons. The man who does
npt study it with profit is a fool. Having lost three
out of four campaigns by nominating weak candi
dates, what sense is there in the Republican party try
ing another experiment of that character?
The Call is a Republican newspaper, and whoever
is nominated for Governor by the convention which
meets at Sacramento on the 23d of August it will sup
port him. Even if our loyalty to Republican prin
ciples did not compel this course, even if we did not
think that any Republican in the gubernatorial office
woiiid give us better government than we could get
out of a Democrat, the presence in the contest of
Judge Maguire at the head of a Democratic-Populist
gang would force us to fight the battle, no matter how
hopeless it might be. But The Call, although a Re
publican newspaper, bound in any event to join the
obedient ranks and shoot in the direction of the
enemy, has a right, and it is its duty, to advocate a
policy which will produce success.
We know the Republican people of California will
no longer elect "yellow dog" candidates. We have
cited history to prove that they have refused to do
so in the past. Why, then, should we not tell those
who are making the gubernatorial "fights" of the
factionists, country politicians and railroad hacks that
they are leading the party to defeat? If there were a
law to forbid this proceeding would it not be our
duty to violate it?
What we say, and what we shall continue
to say, regardless of any construction that may
be placed upon our words by the boss-ridden
corporation press, is this: The Republican
party can no longer carry elections in Cali
fornia with "yellow dogs" at the head of its
tickets. In the voting booths, alone with their bal
lots, their rubber stamps and their consciences, the
people are uncontrolled and uncontrollable. They
must be given candidates in whom they have confi
dence or they will trample party labels under their
feet and bury party organizations in a grave of ballots.
• This is the truth, and it is mighty. If all the bosses of
all the parties were to cough simultaneously they
could not cough it down.
An Illinois regiment is in danger of being mus
tered out of the service because of the row it is mak
ing over not being sent to the front. The men in that
regiment. have their fir^t lesson in military duty to
learn. Soldiers camped in San Francisco for many
weeks have been just as eager to be sent, but all the
time they have realized that they were soldiers.
When Lochner shall bring his suit for false im
prisonment he ought to direct it against Chief Lees
rather than against the city. The Chief is monarch
of the Tanks and Lord of the Small Book. How
ever, Lochner would be foolish to court more no
toriety. He is at his best in seclusion.
. While schemes are being organized for direct lines
between this country and the Philippines of course
no shrewd capitalist overlooks the fact that San Fran
cisco is the natural home port.
- Camara's fleet seems to consist of a few old boats
and a desire to keep out of sight.
THE TERMS OF PEACE.
THE assertion of the right of conquest and
colonial expansion go together.
The western world has reached with greedy
hand for the prize of Oriental commerce. It made
the commercial center of Europe in the city of Wisby
nearly a thousand years ago. It built Venice on the
marshes and gilded her palaces. It made the Neth
erlands rich enough to be a prize to Spain. It
has poured a Pactolus stream into England since
Give and Hastings turned a commercial settlement
into political empire and the scepter of the Moguls
was broken.
Between that Oriental and tropical commerce
there is but little difference. They originate in great
natural resources wrought upon by a teeming popu
lation.
The Spanish war has brought within our reach the
richest of the tropical islands. They are peopled by
races ill fitted to govern themselves and not amiable
to any form of government, and most orderly under
military restraint.
It is proposed to hold these possessions perma
nently as colonies. The case should be stated fairly.
We spent blood and treasure in a war against the
misgovernment of these colonies by Spain. They
have fallen from her weak hand.
Shall we keep them? If we do, their affairs must
be administered; they must have government. The
extension of our commerce to them will require that
person and property must be sternly protected. The
administration will of necessity be largely military.
Our army, now consisting of 280,000 men, will be
maintained at that figure. The navy will be in
creased to about 700 fighting ships of the model and
armament proved by our recent trials to be the best
suited to offense and defense. The military and naval
career open to our young men will be greatly ex
panded. West Point and Annapolis will be occupied
with their full quota of cadets, and each graduate will
immediately take his station. The profession of
arms will offer prizes that have heretofore been
sought in law and medicine. In the palmy days of
Rome's policy of conquest law and the army offered
the prizes of ambition. It will be so here, if we enter
upon expansion, because the army and politics will
absorb the interest and monopolize the attention of
our people.
The government of our colonies will increase the
power of the executive. The issues in the Philip
pines alone will for years call for constant adjustment
and readjustment. They will be entirely novel and
cannot be settled by Congress. Their treatment must
be executive. The rebellion there has not been
against the exactions of the civil power of Spain, but
! against the primacy and the cost of the ecclesiastical
1 establishment, which is the largest owner ot realty in
the islands, and has administered not only internal
I affairs, but has controlled external commerce as well,
i The treatment of this ecclesiastical establishment will
i produce important changes in our domestic politics
i and raise questions at home which will divide our own
j peopie on a fresh partisan alignment and give an
j impetus to politics as a profession.
Th* building of ships and equipment and mainte
1 nance c; a large army will impart a profitable ac
[ tivity to many lines of construction and manufac
! ture. The fortifying of these islands will call for a
t large expenditure profitable to American contractors.
I As their possession puts us in direct rivalry to all
other nations, the causes of quarrel with them are
tnarvelously multiplied, so that the country may not
lock for long periods of peace. The much talked of
British alliance is brought into focus by this policy.
Great Britain wants a neighborly neighbor in the
I Asiatic tropics. Manila is within 600 miles of Hong
i kong, the seat of her power in China. As our colo
nisl policy will be an exact copy of hers, the two na
j tions will pull together, and English aspirations in
! Egypt and Africa will be put nearer to realization.
j The whole bent and tendency of the American mind
! will be changed. The very education of our people
I will be affected. Its purpose will be shifted. Our
; ptople will find their highest aspiration to be the
j contemplation of physical power. Our policy will be
I military and the civilian will be subordinate in re
spect and influence to the military man. Our Na
tional Government will acquire that virility which
comes of the concentration of power that is insepar
able from militarism. The people will see that
j greater promptness in Federal action that is possible
: only when freed from the peculiar restraints provided
in the constitution. Domestic disorders will be
i more promptly quelled, and the rights of property
I will feel greater security.
These may be fairly put among what is to come, if
1 the terms of peace include our permanent acquisition
of the colonies of Spain.
BfIRRY GROWS AMBITIOUS.
NATURALLY the desire of Congressman Ma
guire to be Governor is of some importance.
It creates a vacancy in the House of Repre
sentatives. Toward the prospective vacancy patriots
are swarming, and at the head of the lot is James H.
Barry. He is known as editor of the Star, a
paper which derives a large part of its income through,
furnishing a place of concealment for the class of ad
vertising the advertisers wish to keep from publicity.
Barry has also become known by previous efforts
toward the same goal. He tried to be" Congressman
from the Fifth, the district in which he resides, but
not having the ghost of a show has decided that he
wil' represent another district, a procedure somewhat
out of the common and unlikely to strike favorably
the aspirants whose territory he intends to invade.
In considering the chances of Barry, the character
of the man naturally must be weighed. It will be re
merr.bered that he advocated the killing of the Penn
sylvania troops because they responded to the call of
the executive when murderous rioters were abroad
with rifle and torch. He wanted them slain like
vipers. Later these same troops came here on their
way to the Philippines. Why was he not consistent
to the extent of slaughtering at least a few of them?
There are matters about which he is consistent
enough. He steadily refuses to pay taxes, his theory
being of the Wells-Fargo variety, that the other fel
low must do the paying. He now owes $568 in taxes.
Us course is directly contrary to the statute. In
fact, he is a law-breaker, and glories in it. His prop
osition to become a lawmaker, as an instance of
cheek, is almost unique even among politicians, who
are not usually hampered by modesty.
Once a man met Barry and spat in his face. The
individual doing this was a bully and a gun-fighter,
and yet the tendency to resent an indignity so gross
wculd have awakened in any one but Barry a spirit
of active resentment. Barry wiped his face, and the
incident was closed. The unfortunate affair earned
for him the title of "Cuspidore," which would not be
a happy thing to carry to Congress, nor even into a
futile campaign.
Still, if the Democrats choose to nominate Barry,
that is their funeral, and as it would also be Barry's
the scheme has elements commending it to the judg
ment. Barry has been Maguire's mouthpiece, but Ma
guire has brains, albeit perhaps muddled at times.
A rr outhpiece in action, with no brains behind it, is
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1898.
not pleasing to contemplate even as a remote pos
sibility.
BISMARCK AND H'S WORK-
AFTER lingering for years in retirement, a dis
carded but not a superfluous veteran on the
stage, Prince Bismarck is dead. The man who
during the last generation filled the largest space in
the eyes of the world has passed away, and now it is
for men of the younger generation to study his
career, note the methods by which he accomplished
his mighty work, and endeavor as best they can to
appraise his character and his service at their true
worth.
Whatever view may be taken of Bismarck as a man,
there will be little or no difference of opinion con
cerning the magnitude and lasting good of his
achievements in the domain of international politics.
He ranks among the greatest men oi an age prolific
of great men. Lincoln saved a nation, Gladstone re
formed a nation, Cavour reorganized a nation, but
Bismarck created a nation, and the creative act was
wrought out by such Titanic forces and by such
amazing steps of uninterrupted success that the
worker stands out before the world as a unique figure,
conspicuous and dominant among the strong men of
his time.
The salient feature of Bismarck s character was a
certain medieval quality of mind and temperament.
Lincoln, Cavour and Gladstone were essentially men
of our time. In no other age could any of them
have achieved the work he performed in the way by
which he actually accomplished it. They were con
stitutional statesmen. They guided rather than ruled
the people. Their power was exerted more as an
influence upon the popular mind than through courts
or armies. They were educators of the masses, as it
were, and took no step that did not have the sanction
of the better, if not the greater, part o. the citizens
of the countries whose affairs they administered.
It was not so with Bismarck. The grea: German
rarely consulted the Germans or cared for their
opinion on anything he decided to undertake. He
frankly announced that in his judgment the only true
government is one that consists of a king and an
army, and that great strokes of statecraft are to be
achieved not by speeches, parliamentary debates and
popular discussions, but by blood and iron. To this
frank audacity of speech his actions corresponded. He
made a united Germany by means of a king and an
army through methods of blood and iron, and having
made it undertook to rule it in the same way.
The rule of judging men by the success they ac
complish iv. life is not a just one, but it is the best
that is known to men. We can never be sufficiently
acquainted with all the circumstances surrounding
any worker, nor with all the forces that oppose or
help him, to accurately appraise the real value of his
personality in the results that follow his efforts. We
can only assume that where the results are great the
worker must have been great, and must, furthermore,
have used the right means for performing the work.
By this rule Bismarck will be given in future histories
a rank as high as has been universally accorded him
during his life. There will be i.o haggling over
whether he was or was not too arbitrary, too domi
neering, too despotic, too harsh. His work attests
his wisdom and his^ strength, and the final conclusion
will be that if such a rough giant worker established
the unity of Germany it was simply because the con
ditions of the people required exactly that sort of
leader to make a nation out of them.
Of the domestic policy of the great Chancellor
little need be said. The word '"Failure" is written
large all over it. Such a bungler was he in the adminis
tration of the empire his genius and his courage had
created that a youthful Emperor was able to dismiss
him in disgrace, without suffering in the least from
the consequences of the act. Bismarck's true career
closed virtually when in the gorgeous palace of the
French Kings at Versailles King William of Prussia
was crowned Emperor of Germany. No Emperor nor
court historian can rob Bismarck of the glory of that
far-reaching act, and the world, which will benefit in the
future as it has already done by the unification of
Germany, will overlook his faults and his failures and
remember only the sterling virtues which made him
equal to the task of creating a nation and raising it
to the first rank among the po.wers of the earth.
COMMERCIAL INSTINCT IN DISGUISE.
AT the meeting of commercial bodies in this
iity Friday night there were speeches far bet
ter never uttered. Passing over that of Hugh
Craig, who is so often in the public eye and ear that
in a measure he loses imprcssiveness, an excerpt from
ths remarks of Captain Charles Nelson may be con
sidered. In endeavoring to show that the Philippines
should be held he said, "The wreck of the Maine
with the murder of our brave seamen in Havana har
bor was an act intended to lead up to this great ad
vancement of civilization." You don't say so!
According to this theory an overruling Providence
desired the United States to grab everything in sight
and had to blow the idea into our understanding with
dynamite. True, the poet says,* "God moves in a
mysterious way his wonders to perform," yet con
ceding this, it is hard to believe that the most mys
terious way would include centuries of brutality on
the part of a nation; culminating in assassination and
wreck. There would, had Providence been directing
affairs with specific view to the condition now
brought about, have been a quicker and neater
method.
As a matter of fact the inspiration of the meeting
sprang from the commercial instinct, which is noth
ing but the hope of gain. There is no use posing.
When business organizations desire an expansion of
territory for the good it will do them in dollars they
might as well say so, and not try to pass themselves
off as missionaries bent upon spreading any token of
civilization unless they can get paid for the token in
cash.
Ah important feature apparently wholly overlooked
is that we have not yet secured the Philippines, and
while the fruit seems almost ripe, there are others out
with their poles. If the statement that 150,000 men
will be needed first to defeat the Spaniards and then
to subdue the natives be true, even the commercially
inspired may well stop to ask, "Will it pay?"
People who do not win in the lottery may find a
grain of consolation in the experience of a man and
wife in this city. They had lived happily until they
had the misfortune to hold the capital ticket, and be
gan quarreling as soon as it had been cashed. Now
the winning will probably have to be devoted in part
to settling the question of alimony.
According to a paper published across the bay
Peter Anderson has gone to work after several weeks'
nursing of a finger blown off on the Fourth of July.
Perhaps Peter knows what is best for him, but a
blown-off finger would hardly seem to be worth all
this trouble.
A man supposed to be the nephew of King Hum
bert is in love with an Am-rican girl. The fact that
the gir! is poor naturally throws a shade of suspicion
over the suitor's claim to royal connection.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
It seems to me that the Rev. E. E.
Dodge does not know to which side of
his daily bread there adheres a com
forting coat of butter. The same is
true of any preacher who rises to rail
against permitting women to have a
voice in church affairs. In my worldly
judgment, if the Rev. Mr. Dodge suc
ceed in eliminating the feminine ele
ment from his flock he will have no
flock. Men go to church because their
wives v.^nt them to go. The women
constitute the life of the institution.
They have just as much right to be
heard in the direction of Its affairs as
\ thej r have to give orders for dinner at
; home. But for the women the Rev. Mr.
i Dodge and his kind would be hunting
; jobs, and mayhap have to be content
with one tending to callous the palm.
The material church would vanish, and
the pastor thereof become a blessed
memory. The claim that women should
■ have nothing to say as to the direction
i of an organization so strictly their own
| strikes me as absurd, and the nerve of
i the minister making it inspires awe.
I Surely Mr. Dodge does not think they
would be so silly as to sit under the
drippings of his wisdom, listening with
meekness to all he might have to say
if they were to be treated as inferior.
I have enough respect for the sex to
believe that they would resent so
marked a slight. Will the reverend
gentleman please tell me what It Is
women lack? Is it soul, or is it intelli
gence? In the meantime, sinner
though I am, I have the grace to be
ashamed of him.
* * *
W. D. Crabb has written some poems
which he calls "Lyrics of the Golden
West." The neat volume in which they
appear has been handed to me with the
j request that I notice it. I decline to do
I so. Just because the Local Lyre man
of the Visalia Delta stirred me to ad
miration it doe? not follow that space
can be devoted to ordinary rhymesters.
Furthermore, Mr. Crabb may be a good
citizen, and to refrain from hurting his
feelings shall be a joy of mine.
* » «
One disgusting feature of the war has
been that for everybody who has won
eminence either through victory or de
feat, up has sprung some woman to tell
how at some time she had been wooed
of him. While most of these females
are fakers, and entitled to no respect,
I confess to an absence of admiration
for such as may be telling the truth.
When a man falls in love with a woman
he pays her a compliment by that act,
and if he vainly offer to become her
husband, surely i worthy woman would
treat the matter as sacredly confiden
tial. As to the Callfornian girl to whom
Cervera is alleged to have written let
ters, I am inclined to believe that she
has been led by some trickery into be
trayal of the circumstance, provided
there is such a person and such a cir
cumstance. It must be borne in mind
that the letters were published in a
paper which is wholly unscrupulous,
and which I verily believe would rather
tell a stupid lie than an interesting
truth. For the benefit of the chance
ptranger within our gates it may be
added that the paper is the lixaminer.
• • •
An exchange, commenting on the
subject of suicide, concludes: "I glean
my Information from the New York
World." Herein the exchange errs. To
glean some things from that sheet is
possible, but information is not in the
lot. It is sufficient to say that the
World is almost as unreliable as the
New York Journal.
• • •
A paper published in Monterey, Mex
ico, does me the honor to quote from
these columns, but ascribes the author
ship to Frank James. I beg to state
that Frank is another fellow.
• • *
I have an active sympathy with the
noble sport of coursing. It is a little
hard on the hares, but they would die
some day anyhow, and in the mean
time chew young trees, as well as prop
aerate the active flea, which needs no
encouragement. The charge has been
made that the sport is not refining, but
this has never been sustained. Only
recently the official known as the
"slipper" made a mistake which great
ly exasperated the ladles present, who,
by his error, lost the bets they had
placed. It is true that some of these
ladlca cried "Hang him," but this was
only due to the first impulse. Their
gentle natures prevailed. They did
not hang him.
* • *
Cranks who write to me will please
inclose postage, not that there is to be
any reply, but stamps are always use
ful.
• • •
When I speak of the Supreme Court
it must be understood that it is always
with the greatest respect, in fact a
feeling akin to awe. So far as I have
been able to ascertain by observation
the duty of this august body is to up
j set verdicts carefully arrived at by the
courts below. That a tribunal fitted
to do this is beyond adverse criticism
and recks not of commendation is a
plain proposition. Still, I have ven
tured to be surprised that absolutely
no regard seems to be paid to consid
erations of Justice. The question ap
pears to be not as to a man's guilt, but
as to whether his guilt has been es
tablished by certain formulae. The
truth is of less importance than the
manner of its setting forth. "We find
that while the demonstration that
John Smith stole the purse is com-
I plete, the trial court failed to establish
! the fact that he stole it from a cross
i eyed woman in the dark of the moon."
j This seems to be about the style of the
i average reversal. Ido not presume to
! find fault with it. In the absence of
legal training, it may strike me as pe
culiar, and yet be eminently sound, and
sustained by an array of precedents
! reaching back to the dawn of creation.
! Another thing over which I have been
! at times impertinent enough to enter
! tain mild doubts is ns to whether the
fact that a verdict has been rendered
j in the court of Judge Wallace is suffi
j cient ground tdt overturning it. It
is certain that the sentences imposed
by Judge Wallace, in instances in
' which no appeal has been given the su
| preme bench an opportunity to monkey
; Judicially with them, have done more
to check crime in this community than
i any other single cause. He has been
severe, but always Justly so, and when
convinced that a criminal needed
heavy punishment has not hesitated to
inflict it. It was he who sentenced
two notorious forgers to prißon for life,
they having proved themselves unfit
to be at large. That they were guilty
of the specific offense charged, there
By HENRY JAMES.
has never been, I believe, a shadow
of doubt. Yet they are to have a
new trial. Why? Because they want
it. I exult in a strength of character
such as is not above stooping from the
bench down to the humble scoundrel
and telling him not to be discouraged,
that there is hope, and that in the fu
ture it may not be his to pine within
four walls, but perhaps to taste free
dom and forge some more.
Relatives of Miss Schley owe it to
that young woman to tell her that no
necessity for putting herself on dis
play has arrived. She is the young
person who went to Madrid with in
tent to inform Sagasta of the beau
ties of peace, and planned that after
having converted him she would go to
Washington to instruct and edify the
President. Most properly she was
bounced from Spain, but is believed to
still be at large. If she is determined
to go into the show business she seems
adapted to the humble role of museum
freak. With President Love of the
Salute Your Enemy with a Holy Kiss
Society, and Professor Norton, who is
a choice specimen of the rare Copper
head, and Larry Godkin as spieler, it
might be possible to draw a crowd. The
exhibits would have to be shown be
hind a screen, or each spectator on ar
rival searched for dead cats.
People who go to the trouble of read-
Ing this column are cautioned to re
member that it embodies the personal
opinion of one man, and one whom
cranks every week take the trouble
and go to the expense of calling: various
kinds of an idiot. Any opinions ex
pressed here are in an environment of
due humility. I realize that the possi
bility of being mistaken inheres as to
all human juderment. There.'ore when
I say again that the United States must
take and keep the Philippines it is with
a distinct knowledge that other people
who seem to know more appear to hold
the contrary notion, and may be cor
rect. I am unable to see how we can
help keeping the islands. It must be
remembered that the war with Spain
is a humanitarian affair. We went into
it with a lofty idea of freeing an op
pressed people from servitude. What
was true of Cuba was equally true of
the Philippines. There the natives
were in rebellion against a hateful
tyranny. If we were to surrender them
back to the tyrant and refuse to sur
render Cuba we would thereby declare
our insincerity, and show that tve went
to the rescue of Cuba merely because
it was so near us that the turmoil of
conflict was annoying. Now that Spain's
hold on Cuba has been broken we must
take care of that island, for it is inca
pable of taking care of itself. The same
rule forces us to take care of the Phil
ippines, which are equally helpless. If
we do not do so now, and our army
and navy be withdrawn, it will simply
delay the inevitable. In a short time
we will be obliged to go back with an
other force and complete the work of
emancipation; either this or we confess
that we were meddlers and had no busi
ness to interfere." •
* • •
It is always my aim to be moderate in
expression. Therefore when I say that
Judge Gummere of the New Jersey Su
preme Court is a fool, that he has less
brains than the mosquito whose buz
zing annoys him, and whose bill, I hope,
will render the life of the Judge a bur
den to himself as it must be to all about
him, I am studiously avoiding any un
due emphasis. This person, probably
presenting the aspect of a man, has set
aside a verdict of $5000 against a rail
road for the killing of a child, the
ground being that a child is of no p3cu
niary value to the parents. I may have
erred in calling so brutalized a creature
a fool. Rather, he is a hardened and
vicious knave who should be whipped
from the bench, kicked from the pres
ence of decency, and followed by the
anathema of every one whose heart has
ever been touched by the prattle of
babj'hood. He says, this drooling, driv
eling disgrace to civilization, that a son,
far from being of value, is an expense
until he goes off to shift for himself;
that a daughter is a larger expense un
til she marries. The inference is plain
that parents whose expenses are les
sened by the thoughtful killing off of
their offspring should consider them
selves indebted to the corporations do
ing the killing, r.nd I have no doubt,
were the corporations to bring action]
they would be sustained by the un
speakable Gummere. To analyze a doc
trine so monstrous is almost impossi
ble, because the instinct refuses to be
lieve that a Gummere can exist. For a
judicial decision to declare that a child,
who to its parents is as bone of bone
and flesh of flesh, has no value Is to
prove the Judge a pervert. True, this
value cannot be adequately measured,
and yet it should have some definite
recognition in law, else are we brutes
each parent freely entitled to kill his
own, and culpable If he neglect to do
so. New Jersey is known as the rot
ten asset of any corporation which has
the price, but above all the reek of cor
ruption, with a distinct stink of his
own, his hands in the corporation
strong box, his foot on the grave of a
murdered babe, Gummere can be dis
cerned. It is my belief that men more
worthy are hanged every day. and that
the penitentiary convict not his moral
superior is not within four walls. Hell
is full of better citizens. I look forward
to the time, and hope it will not be long
when the devil shall come to the front
door of his smoking tenement and with
a grin of appreciation and welcome say
"Gummere!"
• • •
The portrait of General Shatter Is
still above the door of the Examiner,
wreathed with fading laurel. Doubtless
there is a desire within that place of
purity and Joy to turn the picture to
the wall or send it with the next batch
of sworn circulation to the garbage
crematory. But this would never do.
It would be placing the editorial heart
on the sleeve for daws to peck at, and
besides constitute an indecent exposure.
So the paper is beginning to attack
Shafter, taking its cue from the New
York publication of which it is a feeble
echo. It was Shafter who strictly in
line of duty had to tell the public that
the editor In chief of both these daily
villainies had lied. It was fhe same
officer who later had to bounce the
Journal-Examiner men, bag and bag
gage, out of Cuba because of their
malign interference and constant effort
to stir up strife. Now he is being de
nounced in lar^o type, of course. Mean
while the picture remains over the door
and can't be taken down lest there re
sound the merry ha, ha. But while
Andy cannot take it down, I can imag
me him going out during the night and
making faces at it.
* • *
There should be a law against George
Alfred Townsend's writing any more
poetry. His latest metrical curio is
entitled "Europe to Watson's Fleet." I
am confident Europe never said any
thing of the kind. If it did, there's
your casus belli, and trot out your big
gest guns. With a feeling of being
particeps criminis, I quote:
Atlantic, it rings with hosanna
That follows ye in from the west;
Ye alight on the world like Diana
With her bow and her clusters of breast.
Never having had the pleasure of
seeing Diana in her justly celebrated
act of alighting on the world, I can
only hope that she alighted with both
feet squarely under her. But just how
Watson's fleet is to imitate the act la
not clear. If it alight on the world
it "will have. to be yanked off by tug»
and if it ' happen to hit a hard spot
there will be nothing left but wreck
age. Neither does the idea of "clus
ters of breast" appeal either to a sense
of the artistic or to a moderate knowl
edge of anatomy. I would advise Di
ana, in the friendliest spirit, to see a
surgeon. If her condition has been
correctly portrayed, she needs prun
ing. But let us cull new beauty.
George Alfred breaks out in another
spot:
Long England has waited his sister.
At Mediterranean's gate.
Where Spain, like a hideous blister,
Holds Ceuta her dungeon of state.
Perhaps there can be no objection to
terming Spain a hideous blister, but for
a blister of any kind to be holding A
dungeon, of state is out of line with
precedent. The truth is that a rhyme
was needed for sister and the poet vio
lated the specifications of his license,
and made the rhyme. Ido not un
derstand why England should be re
garded as masculine and this country
as feminine. Uncle Sam wears panta
loons. However, to proceed:
Republics of Greece and Italia,
Tiny spangled the sea with their hate,
Their history long saturnalia,
Their jealousy green as their fate.
Now what do you think of that?
Jealousy is popularly supposed to have
an emerald tinge, but a fate the color
of grass is something new. Perhaps
George Alfred has been confused by
reading of yellow journalism, pink teas
and purple cows. Possibly there lin
gers in his memory a recollection of
some town painted red. I would like
to see a picture of a green fate. Again,
he intimates that his Uncle Sam ought
to wear skirts, as note:
Come, dame without scepter or altar.
And show us the light that is true!
Sit down by the strait of Gibraltar
And tell us if Jesus be you.
I charge George Alfred Townsend
with incipient paresis, and submit the
case without argument.
NIGHT IN CAMP.
My tent is closed against the wind.
Which whistles overhead;
The dogs .are crouching near the stove.
My pitrtner is in bed;
The candle sheds a welcome light
On such; a cold and stormy night.
Of all the thirteen men in camp
But one is now awake;
The others dream of far-off homes
Or claims they hope to stake.
I buil<] a castle In the arr
And find my loved ones gathered there.
HOWARD V. SUTHERLAND.
Dawson.
CITY TRIPS FOR COUNTRY CHIL
DBEN.
A very excellent custom is followed out
In Denmark. The city children are taken
on regular visits in the country for the
benefit of their health, etc., and the pro
cess is then reversed, the country chil
dren being taken to the city, in order to
widen and broaden their little minds, en
abling them to become aware ol M many
things that would be for their good that
otherwise they might never learn.
MILITARY CYCLING CONTEST.
In the English military cycling competi
tion for the your for the Wolseley cup,
teams of six men and a section com
mander ride about forty miles over a
give-and-take road course, and afterward
flre a certain number of rounds at various
ranges at field-tiring targets. The idea
of the contest is to test the relative shoot
ing abilities of the teams atter so long a
bicycle ride with a time limit.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
■ — — « ♦ . _■ -
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public .men. by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Slain 1042. ,■>'-:•_ •-,'.
CYCLING IN ITALY.
The law in Italy forbids cyclttta to take
their hands from the handlebar or re
move their feet from the pedals. Brakes,
bells* and lamps are required. Multiple
machines can be ridden only in the
country.
Rates Are Cut
To Bed rock. Call at " new ticket offle*
of th- Santa Fe route at 62S Market st. Very
low rates to all Eastern cities. will pay
you to investigate.
TO PORTLAND, OREGON, 48 hours. First
cabin, $12: second-class. JS, including meals
and berths. Steamship Columbia. 2000 tona,
July 10 18, 26. August 3. Steamship State ot
California. 1500 tons. July 14, 22, 30. August 7.
Sail from Folsom-street pier No. 12, 10 a, m.
No better or more modern steamships on Pa
cific coast. A cool and delightful summer,
vrip; exhilarating sea air. The public Is wel
come and invited to visit these ships while In
port. Office 630 Market street
Japanese Houses One Shape.
Japanese houses in the larger cities are
of one general shape, two stories high,
and put together with 1 a curious method
of mortising, not one nail being used
throughout the construction of the build
ing. ,_
ADVEBTISEMENTa
BOSTON AND~ALASKA
TRANSPORTATION CO.,
Owners, Will Dispatch the Following Steam-
■ era for . - •
DAWSON CITY
And INTERMEDIATE YUKON RIVE*
POINTS. Via , ™
DUTCH HARBOR. .NEW. BOSTON AND ST
: .. MICHAEL: .*■,,.: : *
steambhip LAURADA,
! SAILING ON OR ABOUT JULY 20
&hip SOUTH PORTLAND,
SAILING ON OR ABOUT JULY 30
Connecting at- mouth of Yukon River -vith' th«
company's fleet of • ,
EIGHT RIVER STEAMERS and BAROEB.
! C liSw 'a C E a Flv tl 00 * 61 ??? 1 " Pin K«e. Philip B.
Boston and Alaska Transportation Comoanv
n^of modT/^ **
{if^r^cTo^^/Y^o^Xrr 3 - ™ B0 "
"'■ l^ctrie a mo<1 atlons for ladles.. . ■ .
benf^'besV^e. Steam heat ' best meal »- ) *-»
For freight and passenger rates 'apply ' " : : '
COr w a M^ Preißht "« H Pa»i St.
20 Montgomery at.. San Frnnclßoo. Cal.
General Traffic Manager. Seattle, Wok.THE OLD SOD WILL BE THERE.
Enthusiasm Grows Among Workers For the Coming Irish Fair,
As the day draws near for the opening of the Irish Fair, renewed activity is being displayed by those who
have the magnificent venture in hand. Preparations surpassing anything of a like celebration are rapidly nearing
completion, and everything points to an auspicious opening.
In a few days the largo consignment of earth from Erin's shores will reach the city and will be immedi
ately transported to the Pavilion, where it will be utilized in forming the big map of Ireland which will be a
feature in the Irish Fair. To satisfy the minds of those who are interested In the consignment, the management
states that it is not peat nor sod, as it is termed in Ireland, but is the green turf skimmed from the top of the
ground from farms and village commons in the different counties of the Green Isle. The material has been care
fully laid in large casks, with earth packed carefully around it. It will bo taken from the casks, laid on the
floor and arranged to show the thirty-two counties closely, with the most important cities and towns. All about
this soil map will be canvas painted to resemble the ocean, with shore and lines depicting the surf breaking upon
the rocks. The tan bark jaunting car track encircles this ir.lip of Ireland, and this entire track will be fenced in
by wooden fence and painted canvas cloth to resemble stone wall, trees, etc.
The committee in charge embraces Miss Nellie Sullivan, Miss Josephine Malloy and a large corps of as
sistants. It is expected that fully 100,000 persons will stand on this soil arid walk over the map of Ireland. At the
close of the fair all the Irish earth will be put into pots and disposed of at $1 per pot. . The most convincing
proof in the world— the attest of the parish priest; of the men who gathered this earth; the bills of lading of the
American Steamship Company; the custom house receipts from Philadelphia; port of entry of the bill of lading
of the Sunset route; the statement of C. D. Taylor of the American line, and General Passenger Agent Goodman,
will certainly satisfy any doubting person as to the genuineness of this Irish soil. All of these will be published
upon the arrival here of the valuable casks, August 6. On that evening a proper reception and parade In charge
of members of the honorary advisory board of the Celtic Union and all societies will be given, and It will be an
occasion long to be remembered. Thousands will line the streets and many newspaper offices and public build
ings will be illuminated.
During the three weeks that the Fair is expected to continue there will be hundreds of attractions to inter
est the student of Irish history and the lover of things unique and entertaining. In a quaint old garden at the
rear of Blarney Castle, on the main floor, artists have been busy during the past week painting a garden wall and
landscape scene. A small stage has been erected with its attendant scenery for the purpose of illustrating the
legend, of the blessing of the Blarney stone. The river Boyne is depicted In the picture, and appropriate char
acters and little children will participate in a little play written by J. A. Haron, who has earned quite a local
reputation for effusions in that line.
Copyright photographs of Charles S. Parnell, John Dillon, Justin McCarthy, Lord Mayor Sullivan of Dublin,
Daniel O'Connell, Wolfe Tone and other famous Irishmen have been obtained and will be sold in the photograph
booth especially designed for the occasion.
The committee on grocers' night of the Irish Fair are at work under the direction of Joseph A. Stulz. chair
man, and the date selected for their night is August 26. An excursion from Sacramento has been arranged, and
the grocers there will be notified to be present. The grocers of San Joee are arranging a San Jose grocers' night.
Tt is probable that there will be grocers' clerks' contests in wrapping and tielng up goods, as well as some gro- •
cers" athletic sports, and prizes for thl most popular grocery salesman and commercial traveler. All the grocers
of the city are Invited to be present on that night.
One of the best features of the fair, and most interesting, will be the preparation and spinning of flax. •
One lot will come from Ireland, and another lot from the agricultural experimental station, University of Cali
fornia. Berkeley, Director E. W. Hilgard writes Manager Buckley that they have two demands for their flax
crop, and that of the Irish Fair Is one of them. He says they can "ret" the flax straw, but cannot under
take to "break." "scutch " or "hackle" it. They think that among bo many Irish citizens some one can be found
to do this work. The spinning will be done by two ladies who have volunteered, and the spinning wheels will
Come from the Park Museum.
Another feature of interest will be the reproduction in fac simile of the famous Limerick treaty stone, and the
showing beside it of several small pieces of the genuine stone, proven to the satisfaction of all visitors! with a
certified piece of the .also famous Blarney stone; the reproduction of St. Kevin's wishing chair; of the' famous
cross of Glen-da-Lough, and other attractions. Not only all Celts, but the general public will see much of interest
at this unique exposition.
THOMAS POST BANQUET.
Grand Army Men Gather Around
the Mahogany.
The members of George H. Thomas
Post, No. 2. O. A. R., met last night at
the California Hotel for their annual ban
quet. The affair was a complete success
and the speeches which wound up the
evening were a fitting close to a nJost
enjoyable anniversary. Between courses
the guests were enlivened by an excellent
programme. Bart Burke of Santa Cruz
was toast master. Responses to the toasts
were made by \V. R. Smedberg. Warren
Olney, Major Edward Field, Colonel Wm.
C. Smith, First Tennessee Volunteers;
Elisha Brooks, E. E. Ewlng and W. H. L.
Barnes.
Danish Entertainment and Ball.
The entertainment given by Elizabeth
Rlls, the celebrated contralto, late of the
Royal Opera House, Copenhagen, attract
ed a large number of the Danish residents
of this city to Saratoga Hal! last night.
After the rendition of a most excellent
programme, in which Miss Rils was as-
FiHt*d by Poul Engell and Mrs. J. C. Han
een, the floor was cleared and dancing In
augurated. The affair was a success Doth
financially and socially.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THIS ;
... WEEK
r MASON JARS
/ AT LESS THAN COST.
• ". . MASON PINT JARS 37c dozen
• : " "MASON QUART JARS.. ...45c dozen
•:■• MASON HALF-GALLON JARS C7o dozen
e:xtra
••. :• . big gifts
::•■ ;':••••...■■.■• FREE
=; ;^ " new croFteas.
NEW CROP TEAS.
• ;'■■ QUALITY BEST OBTAINABLE.
]'; - v : " ' PRICES LOWEST IN AMERICA.
••;/ ...Great American Importing Tea Co.'s
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
Store ' Address— Telephone No.
• ?in Market . Btr<( ' t (opp. Powell).. ..Folaom 101
140 Sixth street \fint i?«i
- ' . 218 Third street ". ..../. Ctav 1«
.;. 506 Kearny street .....V.""" £?.',_ 229
.:• 146 Ninth street Mint 12?« '
2510 Mission street nine «w i
3006 Sixteenth street ;..'." U^hul ,™
•■355 Hayes street .....; " Mint mo
705 Larkln street .7. Lerk?n m
. • Hl9 Polk street p v 111
.;• 1819 Devisadero street ■<£.'., ■' 7$ I
• •..«'2OOS Flllmore street..... " Pine 497K
if .621 Montgomery _ avenue, UN Kentucky street.
• if- 32?.. Mission street '
Jjf.- 62 Market street Dru mm 2E
V . OAKLAND STORES. *
• 1063 Washington street -n'liK. m
.„• 917 Broadway ; !."."." Bid «
1 • ISI San Pablo avenue " White un I
■r «16 East Twelfth street " " ■ W r"! irg
1610 Seventh street.... "ciav m i
-12&S-Park street, Alameda ."'Black BS4
.. GOQDS DELIVERED PROMPTLY J
WARMED HIS
FEET IN VAIN
Captain Wittman Tries
to but Doesn't.
RAIDS THE CHINESE CLUBS
THIRTY-FOUR POLICE BREAK IN
DOORS, BUT GET NOTHING.
Sufficient Warning Given the Fan-
Tan Players to Enable Them
to Conceal Evi
dence.
Captain Wittman, he of the cold feet
and clammy shake, braced his feet up
against a stove at the Central Station
yesterday and his pedal extremities be
ciwne so warm that he decided to do
something. He became convinced that he
could run Chinatown better than the ser- |
geant in charge, so arranged a raid on the !
Incorporated clubs of the heathen. The
poor result of the raids on eleven clubs
should convince the captain that that j
kind of work is not his forte, and he
must seek elsewhere to find If there Is
anything he can do.
Thirty-four officers and sergeants armed
with sledges and search warrants boldly
entered Chinatown, battered down doors,
alarmed the Mongolians and succeeded In
capturing but fifteen alleged visitors to
fan tan games. The eleven clubs raided j
were located at 7 Spofford alloy, 735, 8»-0,
811 and 821 Washington street, lMs and 3$
Ross alley, 812 M. Jackson, corner of Jack
son and Washington, corner of Washing
ton ajid Waverly place, and corner of
St. Louis alley and Jackson.
The Shanghai Club at 800 Washington
stieet is the only one at which the oftl
cers were able to get the slightest bit of
evidence against the players, and what
was secured there will hardly convict.
The posse raiding this club was under the
dltection of Sergeant Martin. The other
squads were commanded by Sergeants
lUcManus, Chrlstensen, Duke, Anderson,
Harper and officers of the regular China
town squad, Tracey, Burke, Wilson and
Sullivan.
The raids on the Chinese clubs are
made quite frequently by the officers sta- j
tioned in that district and have to be
conducted with considerable caution. Gen- I
orally the only way to capture the gam- i
biers' in the act is for one of the officers j
to go into the place disguised or spy out i
the game by letting himself down to a
window by a rope from the roof, but when
the different squads went to the doors
last night in an open manner the look
outs immediately warned the players of
the presence of the police and a lively
scramble ensued. Beans were thrown '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, STTNDAY, JULY 31, 1898.
down waste pipes, croupiers' sticks Jam
med into the fire and by the time the
ofiicers had beaten down the numerous
doora to the clubs every vestige of evi
dence had been concealed and the wily
Chinese greeted them with bland and In
nocent expressions of surprise.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE.
The Grand Body Elects Its Officers
for the Current Term and
the Session Closes.
At the session of the Young- Ladies'
Grand Institute yesterday there was read
a letter of congratulation from Mra. Mar
garet Deane, grand president of the
Catholic Ladies' Aid Society, also a tele
gram from Bishop Montgomery, com
mending the ladies for the work in which
they are engaged.
In recognition of faithful services and
added work, the salary of Miss Josie T
Molloy, the grand secretary, was in
creased.
A number of minor amendments to the
constitution and by-laws of the subordi
nate institutes, to make them come within
the requirements of the constitution of
the grand body, were adopted.
A vote of thanks was tendered The Call
and other papers for reports of the pro
ceedings of the Grand Institute, and
thanks were also tendered to Archbishop
Rlordan, Bishop Montgomery, Very Rev
Father Prendergast, Mrs. Margaret
Deane and to the board of management
of the Young Men's Institute.
Then followed the election of the fol
lowing officers by acclamation: Mary
Nagle. grand president; Anna M. Pott
hoff, grand first vice-president; Josephine
T. Molloy, grand secretary and grand
treasurer.
Miss Mary I. Wynne becomes the past
grand president.
Then there was the contest of the ses
sion. That was the election of the grand
directors. There were a number of can
didates, and the following named were
chosen: May Stein of San Francisco, wno
received the highest number of votes cast;
Miss M. McCarthy of Oakland, Miss Ella
Comyns of San Francisco, Mrs. Dr. F. S.
Ragan of San Francisco, Miss Mary I.
Wynne of Vaueio. Miss Conklin of San
Franfi6co. Miss Sullivan of San Jose, Miss
Fleming of Oakland. Miss Mclnerney of
Merced and Miss Kate Drlscoll of San
Francisco.
At the evening session there were some
amendments tp the ritual, and then fol
lowed the Installation of the elected as
well as the appointed officers, the prin
cipal one being Nannie Nagle of Butte,
Mont., to the office of second vice-presi
dent. The session then closed.
A New Photographic Studio.
The new photographic studio of
Vaughan & Keith will be opened next
Friday and Saturday at 14 Grant avenue,
where we will be pleased to display all
the latest in photography. All the newest
In lenses and accessories have been pur
chased and the studio entirely remodeled
and furnished, guaranteeing to its pa
trons a perfect photograph. •
A Bolt in the Slot.
Travel on the Leavenworth and McAl
lister street lines was stopped last night
for over an hour by a bolt being placed
in the slot of the I>avenworth-etreet
cable line where it crosses the McAHlster
stre«t line. The grip of a car lammed
the bolt into the slot with such force as
to require it being cut out with a chisel
Smith's Dandruff Pomade
Cures when all other remedies fail, dan
druff, itching scalp and falling hair.
Never falls. Try It. Sample sent free by
Smith Bros., Fresno, Cal. •
IMPORTANT
RECORDS HAVE
DISAPPEARED
Police Exercised Over the Theft
of the Becker-Creegan
Papers.
Mysteriously Vanished From the County
Clerk's Office— Chief Lees Attempts to
Cover Up the Crime.
The greatest excitement prevailed at
police headquarters yesterday, due to the
discovery that the papers In the now cel
ebrated case of Becker and Creegan, the
noted bank forgers, were missing.
Shortly after 11 o'clock Chief Lees, who
was ignorant of the theft of the papers.
B«nt for Captain Seymour, intending to
consult him as to the decision rendered
by the Supreme Court granting the forg
ers a new trial.
After discussing the advisability of fur- |
ther prosecution Lees sent for the papers
In the case. To' his great astonishment
he was told that they were missing, evi
dently having been stolen. Angered be
yond measure and determined to recover
the valuable documents at all hazards
Lees called in several of his best men |
and in lugubrious tones told them of j
what had happened. He carefully in
structed them to spare no efforts to find
the missing papers, as they were essen
tial In case he decided to again try the
Nevada Bank forgers. The County •
Clerk's office was searched but no trace |
of the papers was found.
In the meantime Lees, realizing his use- |
lessness in proceeding with the second I
trial of Becker and Creegan without the
all-important documents, sent for As
sistant District Attorney Black, to
whom he confided the discovery
that the papers were missing. It
was claimed by Lees shortly af
ter his conversation with Black that |
the papers had been recovered, having
been found in the office of the Assistant
District Attorney. Despite Lees' asser
tion, it is known that the transcript of ;
the testimony in the case is still missing, j
The District Attorney, however, has a j
copy, which fact evidently was not known j
to the Chief.
For some time past rumors of an at- j
tempt being made to steal the records In |
the case have been heard, but the police, j
thinking that . they emanated from a
friend of the defendants, paid no atten
tion to them. Becker, who is known as
the king of forgers, has frequently de
clared that he would not be sent to the j
penitentiary If money could save him. He
is said to be worth considerable money,
and often boasted that he would spend ev
ery dollar he had to "beat" the case. The
belief is that he handsomely rewarded HTe '.
thief who stole the papers for his trouble.
Not knowing that the authorities had a
copy of the transcript he conceived the
bold plan of getting away with it.
The thief presumably expected to find
the forged check among the papers, but
in this he was disappointed, as It had
been placed in the large safe In the Coun
ty Clerk's office.
Like the theft of the will of the late
James G. Pair, the parties Interested did
not count on the attorneys in 'the case
having had copies made which were of
fered in evidence and accepted by the
court.
Last night Chief Lees and his men were
diligently striving to find a clew which
would lead to the identity of the culprit
who disappeared with the papers In the
Becker and Creegan case. They are de
termined to leave no stone unturned to
land him in prison.
The County Clerk's office was turned
Inside out last night in a search for the
papers in the Becker-Creegan forgery
case. County Clerk Curry was routed
out of bed to assist In the search, and he
called to his assistance Deputy Mulcahy,
who has charge of the papers in all the
criminal cases.
Records could be found of the filing
of the original papers but no papers
could be found, with the exception of a
solitary affidavit of a witness of the ex
penses he had incurred in attending the
trial to give his evidence. Not even the
transcript of the evidence could be found,
and there was no record io show that
It had ever been filed.
Deputy Mulcahy, however, had knowl
edge of the papers being In the possession
of the office. They had been sent to the
Supreme Court at the time the case was
on appeal, and they had been returned.
They had also been sent to the printers
for the official printed copies to be made
and they had been returned, but they are
now missing, and even a printed copy
cannot be found In the possession of the
County Clerk.
Yesterday Assistant District Attorney
Black notified Deputy Mulcahy that a
typewritten copy of the evidence in the
case had been found in the possession of
the trial judge, but nowhere could be
found the original papers.
CALIFORNIA CLUB
TENNIS TOURNAMENT
WHITNEY AND LINDERMAN
WIN THE FIRST PRIZE.
The Invitation Tournament Waa a
Success and the Matches Were
Well Contested.
An invitation doubles tournament was
held yesterday afternoon at the Califor
nia Tennis Club, the first since the big
tournament at San Rafael, and was, con
sequently, productive of a great deal of
interest and enthusiasm. George Whit
ney and Linderman capture the first
vnize — a box of cigars for each player.
Four teams entered, Whitney and Lin
derman, Blanchard and Davis, Kilgarlf
and Werner Stauf, McGavin and Harvey
Walter.
The first match was between Whitney
and Linderman and Davis and Blanchard.
Linderman played a back court game,
while Whitney took the net at every op
portunity. They proved too strong a team
for their opponents, who succumbed after
r. hard struggle. The score was 6— 4.
The second match was between Walter
and McGavin and Davis and Blanchard.
The latter came under the wire first to
the tun© of B—6. This was the most
closely contested match of the day.
Whitney and Linderman met Kilgarlf
and Stauf in their second match set, and
the honors of victory again rested with
them. They won the set easily with the
ecore of 6—3.
Kilgarlf and Stauf then met Davis and
Blanchard. This was a long drawn out
set Several times the Bcore read deuce
in games, and it took Kilgarlf and Stauf
ten games to win the set. Whitney and
Linderman then played their third and
final match. They defeated McGavin and
Walter, 7—5.7 — 5. At one time the score was
four all. and at this atage the winners
were difficult picking. The last mutch of
the day was between Walter and Mc-
Gavin and Kllgarlf and Stauf, the latter
winning with the score 6—l.
Whitney and Linderman were the only
team that did not lose a same, and ac
cording to the regulations of the play
they were declared the winners of the
tournament. There was a tie for second
plaei:, each of the other teams winning
the same number of sets, but as no sec
ond nrize was offered the tie was not
played off.
Milton H. Esberk, one of the retired
players of t)ie coast, has a special match
on with another equally unpracticed play
er. George Whitney Is training Esberg
for the match, upon the resuilt of which
a champagne dinner has bean wagered.
Music at the Park.
Following Is the programme for to-day's con
cert In the Park:
"Burlini?ame March" TTillg
Overture, "La Forza del Destlno" Verdi
"Ballet from Faust" Gounod
"Dans un Keve," solo for oboe Camomllle
A. A pel.
Selection, "The Serenade" Herbert
Overture, "Le TMrectoire" Redding
Baritone solo, "The Vacant Chair"... Rolllnson
Performed by L. Slots.
Descriptive, "A Musician Astray in a For
eat 1 ' Herman
Performed by William Mahood.
"American Fantasia" Herbert
"Kansas Tv/o-Step 1 ' Pryor
Dr. Kuhlman removed; Jones and Ellis.*
GREATEST STAMPEDE IN
KLONDIKE HISTORY
DAWRON CITY, N. W. T., July 11
(via Seattle, July 30).— The Canadian
Gold Commission issued a proclama
tion July 9 declaring the Dominion hill,
creek and bench claims open for loca
tion by all persons holding free miners'
licenses. In less than one hour the
greatest stampede in the history of the
Klondike had started to Dominion
Creek, forty to seventy miles away,
over hills and marshes. Many women
joined the procession. In two hours
1100 people had reached the Bonanza
Creek ferry, two miles away.
The trip will require six days, and
will be attended by many hardships.
Some of the stampeders have already
returned in disgust. The value of the |
Dominion bench claims is entirely a .
matter of conjecture.
Dawson is now overrun with idle
men. No work is to be had either here i
or in the mines at any price. The j
population of Dawson is now estimated '
at 15,000. Many are living in tents.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
of without removal. J. N'oonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
Fears of a Famine Allayed.
ALLAHABAD, July 30.— The monsoon
prevails and rains have fallen throughout
India. The crop situation is, therefore,
satisfactory, and all fears of a famine
have been allayed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Drunkenness Cured
It Is Now Within the Reach of
Every Woman to Save
the Drunkard.
A TRIAL PACKAGE OF THIS MARVELOUS
HOME REMEDY MAILED FREE TO
ALL WHO WRITE FOR IT.
Can Be Oiven in Tea, Coffee or Food,
Thus Absolutely and Secretly Cur-
ing the Patient in a Short
Time Without His
Knowledge.
There Is a cure for drunkenness that has shed
a radiance Into thousands of hitherto desolate
firesides. It does its work so silently and surely
that while the devoted wife, sister or daughter
looks on the drunkard is reclaimed even against
his will and without his knowledge or co-opera-
tion. The discoverer of this grand remedy. Dr.
Halnes, will send a sample of the remedy free
to all who will write for it. Enough of the
remedy Is mailed free to show how It Is used
In tea, coffee or food, and that it will cure the
dreaded habit quietly and permanently.
The above is a picture of Mrs. John M. Hat-
ton of Lebanon, Ohio, who wrota as follows:
I shall never hesitate to recommend Qolden
Specific, for I entirely cured my husband, who
had been a hard drinker for years. From my
own experience I honestly believe this wonder-
ful remedy will save any drunkard, no matter
how far down he may of fallen. I write this
letter out of pure gratitude for the marvelous
change that has come Into my life. Faith-
fully yours, Mrs. John M. Hatton, P. O. box
101, Lebanon. O.
Hundreds of others are reported, even the
worst cases where the habit seems to have
blotted out the last remaining spark of self-
respect.
Tears and prayers are of no use. Pleading,
pledgee, loss of social or business position are
unavailing to stem the tide of absolute de-
pravity. This famous remedy, Golden Specific,
discovered by Dr. Haines, has reunited thous-
ands of scattered families, it has saved thous-
ands of men to social and business prominence
and public respect; has guided many a young
man into th« right road to fortune; has saved
the father, the brother, the son and in many
cases the wife and daughter too. Such a God-
send to the fireside should be known to every
one. Dr. Haines la not a phllanthrophlst in
his own estimation, and yet he is one of the
greatest benefactors to the family we know of.
Upon application to Dr. J. w. Haines, 401
Qlenn building, Cincinnati, 0., he will mall a
free trial package of the remedy to you se-
curely sealed In a plain wrapper, also full
directions how to use it, bonks and testimonials
from hundreds who have been cured, and
everything needed to aid you in Baying those
near and dear to you from a life of degrada-
tion and ultimate poverty and disgrace.
Send for a free trial to-day. It will brighten
the rest of your life.
! ADVEBTISEMENTS.
' Successful Selling !
UUuuuuOIUI Uulllllg i
2d Annual Red Letter Sale !
For to-morrow (Monday) and Tuesday we have gathered such
values from the sale which will be trade-brlngers for these two
days. Verily, not a purchaser left the store yesterday that did
not feel satisfied that he received $2.00 for the $1.00 left here.
According: to promise, we had each and every advertised article
on display both in our windows and counters specially ticketed.
Come to this sale for a Suit, Overcoat, Trousers, Hats or Furnish-
ings. It's a chance to be well dressed at a "pile of penny" prices..
Men's Clothing, Boys' Clothing.
Cheviot, Tweed and * Casslmere Sack Ages 3 to 8, the desirable Middy styles.
Suits, tailored in finest fashion, only the designed by fashionable, makers, regu-
best materials used in trimming and lin- lar price $3 00; Red ' Letter <J?| *7 tZ.
Ing, piped with- satin, continuous cloth to Price ....: (pit I 9
armholes. buttons sewn -on with silk, and ' ■ .
altogether a garment suitable to wear for Boys School Suits, ages 4 to 15,' reefer
business or dress occasions; your selection styles in choice" tweeds ' an<V cassl-
from these at the Red Letter (tff TPST. meres . worth $2 50; Red Let- Grl A^.
Price; worth $16 00.. ...... ...... «J>O» *<> Price ;..-.;..<?l«"*W
Men's English Covert Cloth Top Coats All wool Reefer Suits for school or dress
different shades, first-class finish, and wear, aces 4 to 15 heavy tweeds - and
worth $15 00; Red . Letter fljc- <TT {SL cheviots, worth $4 50; . Red CO OPT
Price .......:.............. .'.-•.tp_«Je ItF Letter Price <t>Z»OO
Dress and Business Suits, in sacks and
frocks, single and double breasted styles," - : — — — —
cheviots, cassimeres and diagonal*, strictly ,
! all wool, worth and sold everywhere at Vniif hc^' Ci<!fr> ■
at $1800 cq tpz lOUIIIO oliltS«:>^
Red Letter Price ..... o*7. C O Agejj utQ 20 very durable chevlot cloth>
single or double breasted, round or square
.Men's Trousers. L?tterTrtce pr c .. ?7 .. 0(: : ; ... . cd .53.95 "
In worsted materials, neat dark effects, _ # " ! '
very serviceable garments, <t 1 ACZ. I't'C '■>■•''
worth $3.00; Red Letter Price. <I>1»4O i ■ UULIIC* ,OU1L5»«
Fine Trousers for dress purposes, many j ■ Ages 14 to 20, regular $12 00 values. In
desirable weaves In innumerable pat- fine cheviot, tweed and cassimere fabrics, I
terns, former price $5 00; Red CO OK I dark and medium shades; <££* AEL
Letter Price , t{>.4»t/O I Red Letter Price <pO»TTt3
FURNISHINGS.
Colored Front Shirts, with two collars and one pair cuffs, elegant patterns, OH'/>
worth 00::...... „.....; ...:........_. ...:........ VOt
• Golf, Negligee and Colored Front Shirts, In Percale and ■ Madras, . worth O er^»
Men's Balbriggan Underwear, super medium weight, very .'desirable goods, QS/>
: worth 60c each : ... -. -ArOw
Men's fine Merino and Camel's Hair Underwear, extra special ,■ value, An£s>
each .......................:............... TrOW
Men's and Young Men's Hosiery, in sizes 9to 11, dark colors,- with stripes \f\c
. and polka dots, regular price 25c per pair...".. : luv
JV>IP^IVI»C UATC Stylish Fedoras and Derbies, best value ever £*CZs-*
IVILPI O n/\ I©• offered. worth $1 GO DOC
EOO dozen Men's, Boys' and Girls' Golf and Bicycle Caps, in over a hundred |A
different patterns; Red Letter . Price, each ....- lVrV*
MAIL ORDERS . ." .
-..- ' '. r-liled for all goods as advertised during this
• great "REID LETTER S/\l_E.'»
JHE gALDWIN.
"f\L,\JVf\*\r& THE CHEAPEST"
Clothiers, Hatters and Furnishers,
924-930 MARKET STREET.
TELEPHONE MAIN 5634.
LEADING AMERICAN COMPANIES.
STATEMENT
. . :' o OF THE— —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
NAfiflirFlßE
NATIONAL FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD, IN THE STATE OF
. Connecticut, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber A D 1597, and for the year ending on that
day as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner. . . . ;'.-■
.; ' 1 CAPITAL.
Amount o i.^ i. st .\.. pa ! d .. .^i.000,000 00
In cash •■•• $1,000,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company 252,978 40
Loans on bonds and mortgages . .74.015 97
Cash market value of all stocks and _
bonds owned by company 2.771.129 00
Cash in company's office "4 10
Cash in banks. 248,362 69
Premiums in due course of collec-
tlon • - 385,698 70
Total assets $4,433,018 86
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $80.620 03
Losses in process of adjustment or in
suspense ......••••• oi t i»» J,
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 19,216 64
Gross premiums on fire risks running
one year or less. $1,549.062 74 ; re- _■
' Insurance 50 per cent.... 774, j3l 37
Gross premiums on fire risks running
more than one year. $1,909,081 53; _
■ reinsurance pro rata sw,4i.s sri
All other demands against the com-
pany ...........•.....••• 150,0.4 01
Total liabilities.. $2,052,599 36
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for ««„,..,
premiums ..:.. •••• $2,103,019 03
Net . cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums ....................... 43,487%
Received for Interest on 1 bonds and - _
mortgages ..:. ••••■•■"••"■ 129,707 33
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from ; < •
all other sources ....... ........... 187 10
Total Income ....................... $2,276,401 42
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (in- /
eluding $132,524 41 losses of previous ' _
vpflrs') »......-••• ••• #«m*MJI &J
Dividends' 'to etockholders '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 120,000 00
Paid or ■ allowed for commission or _ _
brokerage ..■.........:..-••.•••••• ••• • • 393, , 06 91
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 187,723 67
Paid . for State, national : and local .
taxes •'• '..•••••••••••••'• 62,uj03
All other payments and expenditures ; 179, 156 30
. Total expenditure* ..$1,91R,563 21
- - . Fir*.
i Losses incurred during the year...... $370,989 08
Risks and -* Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Ypt r Amount of risks
written during the year $217,025,628 $2,510,923 39
N e i lplr^"d U n C the Iyear1 year 215.584.029 2*2,464 86
Net amount in force De- > '
- cember 31. 1897 ■■....:.. 300,300,243 3.458,144 27
! ~ ™ * JAMES * NICHOLS, President.
i E. :O. RICHARDS, Secretary. -:„
' Subscribed and sworn to before me this Bth
day .of- February, 1898. /
FRED B. SEYMOUR, Notary Public
BAN FRANCISCO (CITY) AGENTS,
HENRY C. AHPEL & CO., ')
209 Sansome Street. X! V- _
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
409 California Street, San Francisco.
GEO. D. DORNIN, GEO. W. DORNIN,
Manager. Assistant Manager.
"'.'.■• •■'-. .i--v:; ■•.:■■,.■, »;■■:!■■-:;;■> • •>.:■,:■■■ -.•;.-.'■■."■ : .
STATEMENT
OF THE 6*
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS !
OF THE
Springfield F. and M,
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF SPRINGFIELD, IN THE STATE OF
" Massachusetts, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1897, and for the year ending on that J
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of. the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by th«
Commissioner.
• CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up . "-•-.
*n cash $1,500,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $128,000 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 727,770 00 '
Cash market value of all stocks and ■>
bonds owned by company 3,004,455 00
Amount of loans secured by i. pledge •
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral ....' 88,275 00 ■
Cash in company's office 16.682 22
Cash in banks ......•....".'........ 172,590 75
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and 10an5...... 31,789 44 '
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages .....'. 19,473 46 . ~
Premiums in due course of collec-
_ tlon • •• 317.262 8! '
Rents due and accrued 978 18
* Total assets .. $4,607,276 85
. LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid ' $36,918 86
Losses in process of adjustment or in
suspense ......." 84,418 92
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 24,259 51
Gross premiums on tire risks running
one year or less, $1,265,631 62; re-
Insurance 50 per cent.. 632,815 81
Gross premiums on fire risks running
more than . one year, $1,634,372 95;
reinsurance pro rata 814,51124
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become due .63,452 56
Total liabilities $1,656,376 90 ■
• INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $1,747,024 22
Received for interest on bonds and.
mortgages 30,929 63
Received for interest and dividends
on ■ bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources ■ .; 137,839 02
Received for rents 4,539 66
Total Income $1,920,332 52
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount paid for fire losses (In- • '
eluding $134,727 27 losses of previous
years) $509,542 15
Dividends to stockholders .. ..:... 150,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 296,773 93
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 97,979 98
Paid for State, national and local
taxes ..... ........... 70,636 74
All other payments and expenditures ■ 204,524 51
Total expenditures $1,629.457 34
: * Fire.
Losses incurred during the. year..... $800,789 5$ '
Risks and Premiums. iFire Risks. Premiums. ;
Net ' ; amount • of ; risks -'' . .'■".
written during the year $190,643,630 $2,136,672 59
Net amount of risks .-.,-•■ ~- .
expired during the year 198,207,746 2,162,711 87
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1897....;..... 1 249,691.848 2,900,004 57 •
A. W. DAMON, ; President.
S. J. HALL, Secretary.
Subscribed . and sworn to before me this Bth
day of February. 1898.
: . •P. ,S. BAILEY, Notary Publlo. ;
. BAN FRANCISCO (CITY) : AGENTS,
DAVIS & HENRY,
215 Sansome Street. \ -.
&Co.^ffV
(l patents: >)
\£Sr33o market ST. S.F. [ i*&r
78
ORDERS EXPECTED TO RUSH
REINFORCEMENTS TO MANILA
MESSAGES by wire from the
Orient convince' the military
authorities here that all the
troops assigned to Major Gen
eral Merritt should be for
warded to Manila as speedily as pos
sible. It is believed that the War De
partment entertains the same opinion
and it would not be surprising if ad
ditional regiments from the East were
Immediately ordered to San Francisco,
to as to be within reinforcing distance
Bhould events in the Philippines take a
serious turn.
The volunteers of the Twentieth
Kansas Regiment wore last evening in
formed that their wrvicea at the front
would soon bo required, and the word
produced joy in the camp. The men
MAJOR S. F. THORN.
The Well-Known Hotel Man Receives a
Commission in the United States
Volunteers.
Quite a distinguished honor has been conferred upon 8. F. Thorn of
this city by President McKinley, who hap sent him a commission of
major In the commissary department of the United Stutes volunteer ser
vice. He will be assigned to duty by General Epan. chief commissary.
Major Thorn, as he is now c-r.titled to be called, was born and edu
cated iti Trenton, N. J. He is 48 years old. At an early age he went
to St. Louis and engaged in the dry pnods trade. For nearly »Ight years
h" '.v;'.s a member of the St. Louis National Guard. Withdrawing from
his firm. Major Thorn came to San Francisco twenty-one years ago. One
(it bis first occupations on this coast was the winding up of the Ralston
Bteamboal Interests on the bays and rivers. The late United Stai».s Sen
ator Sharon turned over the Cosmopolitan property to him to be closed
up. it being converted into wholesale stores. Upon the death of Sylvester
n in 1873 the Grand Hotel was put in charge of Major Thorn,
who managul it continuously for eighteen years. Upon the expiration of
certain leases this year he retired from the Grand. He also periodically
managed the Palace Hotel for the same estate. He is a thorough business
man and is well qualified for his new career.
of the Fifty-first lowa, who are now
settling down to comfortable camp life
at the Presidio, may pet o/ders any
•"'. hour to prepare for a voyage. The sol
! diers of the Pint Tennessee Regiment
- " are as anxious as the volunteers of any
other command for active service.
CAMP BARRETT.
Notes of the California Regi-
ment Across the Bay.
CAMP BARRETT, Sather Tract, July
30.— The first regimental inspection of
men, arras and quarters was conducted
by (, v olonel Henshaw this morning, and no
battalion or recruit drill was held. In the
afternoon an interesting bayonet drill
provr-d quite a feature.
A patriotic concert was given by the
regimental band this evening under Cap
tain Miller, chaplain of the regiment, in
the big tent of the Army and Navy Chris
tian Commission.
The Catholic Ladies" Truth Society now
has a tent within the lines where the bol
dier boys are furnished good reading and
plenty of writing materials.
Religious services arc held in the Chris
tian Commission tent almost nightly now,
<md to-morrow the soldiers will be per
mitted to attend church wherever they
Bee fit. They will go in squads, however,
• under a corporal or sergeant.
' The sick men are all convalescent with
the exception of one, and Private Smith
of Company M of San Jose, who has been
subject to fits, will in all likelihood be re
tire.l. It was not known that he was thus
Bublect<>d when he was mustered in, and
a Medical Board of Survey will be formed
to examii 1 '- Into hlfl case.
There wuv ;i great number of visitors to-
Gay from Chlco and San Rafael visiting
th>> men.
'• • The men of Company M, Captain Simp
son, are ono€ men- happy over the re
■ appointment of W. K. Lucas as company
' cook. Lucas is a colored hoy, and when
the company waa mustered in he was
• thrown out on account of his color. Since
ADVERTISEMENTS.
809 Market Street, Corner Fourth,
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING. RECEPTION ROOM— No. 7.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION!
\^vV^ °7® CONSULTATION FREE.
Nk'^rnV r~ A? $//b-— OUR SPECIALTY— CroWn and Bridge ':
<v^tv^ Fz!n&gt£s&B\ *%&£> Work and PAINLESS EXTRACTION. *
<&A *3?¥vi2#\ —^S& The Clinic is always ahead in 'Advanced
' v- ~~~2_Xff vf^ifM-5' — Dental Science. No Students Employed.
JJ^S^^ THW Fop the Next 30 3 Our Prices Will Be
—WE' LX) J^'^jpJ^^tsy^^^**'^ FULL PET OF TEETH f0r..... '..... ...»4 DO up
' r^r^ 4^* '%Mt&/\^ V^T> GOLD CROWNS. 22k....................; 350 up
FOR /!£s/' J^.V'AV YUU^o BRIDGE. WORK. per tooth.. .„.. 350 up
Z^» '-\ "■' SILVER KILLING 25c up
wi'i & * I Extracted cold fi11ing;.....:..................;. 7&? up
P' A ' " 1/1 FILL.ED-- CLEANING : TEETH ;........;....;..:... 50c up
TEETH %$& i $? bSSmwoS A Physician Always in Attendance. ;
WITHOUT PAIN. . . -* : SKILLED OPERATORS— LADY ATTENDANT
Ufiice Hours— 9 a. m. to 10 p. in.; Sundays," S a. m. to 2 p. m.
then he has been redeemed in some way
or other.
There are no exorcises on for to-morrow,
except grand mount at 5 p. m.
The Unitarian Club of Alameda has in
vited Colonel Henshaw to address its
members next Wednesday evening, but
it U) nut definitely decided whether he will
do this.
Hon. W. W. Foote gave a dinner to
some of the officers last evening, includ
ing L'eutenant Colonel Carrington, Lieu
tenant Heller, Lieutenant Foote and Lieu
tenant Moggett.
KANSANS ARE JOYFUL.
Gave a Cyclone Yell When
Told That They Were Going
to Manila.
A yoll of joy went up from the Kansas
camp yesterday morning when it was an
nounced to the men by Colonel Funston,
with the authority of Brigadier General
King, that the regiment had been selected
to follow the Seventh California to Ma
nila. It was further announced that one
of thf two boats now en route here from
British Columbia— the Tartar and the
A i h»-na— would be assigned to the trans
portation of the regiment.
That General Merrltt has gone further
than to merely ask for the balance of his
quota of troops is evident from the fact
that Brigadier General King is said to be
already aware of the troops that will be
under his command when he arrives at
Manila; They will be the Thirteenth Min
nesota., the First Tennessee and the
Tw-ntieth Kansas.
It is now practically a settled fact that
Brigadier General King will have com
mand of the next expedition. The "en
(■ral Is making all preparations for a
leavetaking in the near future. His per
sonal affairs are being put in shape as
are also the brigade affairs, and although
no orders are yet in his hands, it is as
sumed by those who will sail on the Ari
zona and SeandH that they will have
the popular brigadier for a commander.
CAMP AT Tr E PRESIDIO.
Plank Floors in the Tents of
the lowa Regimen!- Fi«ld
Hospital Notes.
The daily rout:n<» life of the volunteer
j and regular troops at the Presidio moves
J along quietly. This is the characteris
| tic influence of an army post and the men
j are beginning to show the effect in that
they are rapidly b<Mng transformed from
raw recruits into veterans. The men of
the Fifty-first lowa Regiment were busy
yesterday in putting plank floor* into
their t<!!tf\ This Innovation will prove
of vast benefit to the men and will have
the tendency to reduce the number of
those who each morning answer to the
sick call.
The Utah Cavalry will receive its orders
to-morrow to proceed to the Yosemlte
Valley and the Sequoia National Park.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1898.
Dr. T. A. McCulloch, recently appointed
assistant surgeon and assigned to this
troop • reported for duty yesterday to
Captain Came.
Captain Hitchcock, Company H, First
New York Regiment, who for the past
•week has been confined in the post hos
pital with an attack of pleurisy, was dis
charged yesterday as cured and has gone
to Alameda for a week to recuperate.
Private Callahan, Company E, same reg
iment, is ill in the post hospital with ty
phoid fever.. One case of measles devel
oped in the regiment yesterday and the
man was sent at once to the hospital,
where he was placed in the isolated ward.
The Twentieth Kansas Regiment, under
the command of Colonel Funston, will
be the next regiment to move from Camp
Merritt to « the Presidio. It will move
some time this week, and will go into
camp between the First New York Regi
men and the Wyoming Alger Light Bat
tery. The former- regiment moved a num
ber of its t<^t"» yesterday at. the order
of General Miller, which will give the
i^ansas ineglment abundance of room.
The division and field hospitals were
filled yesterday to their utmost capacity,
but there were no deaths, although there
are a number of men who are critically
ill in the former.
Colonel Wholley of the First Washing
ton Regiment and a number of his officers
have been assigned quarters in the houses
that were lately made vacant by the re
moval of the officers of the First Infant
ry, who were ordered East to participate
in the Santiago campaign.
RESPECT FOR THE DEAD.
Test of an Order Issued Rela'
ing to the Burial of De
ceased Soldiers.
On the field of battle, where thousands
of wounded soldiers demand Immediate
attention, there is excuse for delay , In
giving burial to the fallen, but at a gar
rison or camp remote from the scenes ot
conflict there Is no excuse for neglecting
the dead. The fact that tne body of Pri
vate Joseph Wheeler, late of the First
California, was moved from one place to
another for four days before it was laid
at rest In the National Cemetery Is not ;
creditable to the administration of mili
tary affairs in this department.
It is explained at General Miller's head
quarters that the fault of the delay in the
burial of the body of Private "Wheeler lies
solely with the Marine Hospital, in that
the officials of that institution failed to
notify General Miller where the body was
to be found.
To preclude a possibility of further mis
takes the general has caused to be issued
the following order:
HEADQUARTERS INDIANA DIVISION.
EIGHTH ARMY CORPS, CAMP MER
' SAN FRANCISCO, July SO, 1898.
Special Orders, No. 20.— T0 provide properly
for the burial of deceased soldiers of the regu
lar and volunteer forces of this command
the following directions governing the matter
will be strictly compiled with:
1. Immediately upon the death of a soldier,
the surgeon In charge of the hospital where
the death occurred will make report thereof to
these headquarters, giving name of deceased,
company and regiment to which he belonged,
cause of death, whether single or married and
stating where the body Is placed awaiting bur
ial. Should a soldier die at a place other than
a hospital under charge of medical officers,
his regimental or . detachment commander
will, as soon as practicable, report all ob
tainable facts connected with his death. in
addition to the Information stated above.
2. The Adjutant General of the division, on
receiving reports of . a soldier's d»ath, will
notify the division quartermaster thereof, di
rect him to furnish the coffin, should one be
required, and provide the necessary transpor
tation at the proper place and hour for con
veying the body to the cemetery.
He will, at the same time, notify the sol
dier's regimental or detachment commander,
of the death, where the body Is to be found,
and the hour fixed for the funeral, whereupon,
the commander so notified will order a detail,
• under . charge of : a ... non-commlsstoned officer,
to report to the superintendent of the national
cemetery to dig the grave. ..■_■.. : .",.-
The , non-commissioned officer ' will furnish
the superintendent of the cemetery the name,
rank, company and regiment of the deceased
for the cemetery records.
The escort will proceed to the place desig
nated at the hour fixed for th<» funeral. ■ The
regimental or other chaplain . will attend the
funeral. .
By command of Brigadier General Miller. , ;'
DRILLED FOR CHARITY.
The lowa Regiment Gave an
Entertainment to Aid the
Needy.
The Fifty-first lowa Regiment gave an
other entertainment last night at the
Mechanics" Pavilion for the benefit of the
sick and needy, &nd a second time the big
building was crowded with the friends
of the gallant soldiers from the Middle
West.
The entertainment was tinder the aus
pices of the Lincoln Woman's Relief
Corps, and the funds derived from it will
go to alleviate the sufferings and distress
of the widows and orphans of the veter
ans of the late Civil War.
The first and second battalions of the
regiment, in commajjd of Major Hume,
furnished the programme. The splendid
band of the regiment gave a half hour's
concert before the exhibition drills com
menced. Companies E and C, in com
mand of Captains Mount and Stoepy. re
spectively, gave an exhibition of a skir
mish line of attack and retreat, and Com
panies L and M. in command of Captains
Pryor and Clark, gave excellent exhibi
tions in the manual of arms and physical
JOHN P. IRISH ON A WAR OF CONQUEST
To the Editor of the Call— Sir: By an apparently concerted action the
Chamber of r"ommeree and commercial bodies of the country are demand
ing of the President the permanent retention of the colonial possession* of
Spnin. The reasons given are commercial, purely. There is no discussion
of this policy in its effect upon our political institutions. There 1? no
voice raided in statement of the effect upon our fifteen millions of labor
ing people. There is no attention Riven to the effect upon established and
growing agricultural interests, of the competition by cheap tropical labor
in similar lines.
The President and devotees of our Republican form of Government
must, however, give some consideration to the political problems involved.
Hugh Craig, president of the Chamber of Commerce, in his address to the
meeting of that and other commercial bodies, said that th^se possessions
"are ours by right of conquest." The President said under the solemnity
of an official utterance, "This Is not a war of conquest."
None of these commercial bodies suggests how these colonies, with
their nearly 20.000,000 of people, alien to us in race and education, arc to
be governed. Does Mr. Craig want them to become members of our body
politic, to bo our fellow-citizens, to have equal voice and representation
with us in the government established by the constitution, which is the
only government the President, the Congress and the Supreme Court can
administer? Or docs he propose to obsolete the constitution and establish
a government for 20,000.000 of colonists unknown to the fundamental law
and as unlimited as the Russian autocracy? For more than a century
we have lived under a written constitution, which establishes a govern
ment of perfect political equality. Can we extend that civil equality to
these tropical people? If we cannot do so by making them members of our
body politic they must be denied that equality. How long can the same
governmental authority be exercised in one place without constitutional
limitation in another within such limitation? These colonies, as non
memberp of our body politic, must be governed by a semi-military estab
lishment. They must be garrisoned. A navy equal to the combined navies
of Continental Europe must be provided to protect them. The American
taxpayer must pay the cost. The profit they yield will be a commercial
gar.—n othing can come from thr-m to the public treasury. They must be
' fortified, their rivers and harbors improved, their equipment in all re
spects made equal to the n'-edsoi commerce and to the resistance of an as
sault by any enemy. They cannot be peopled by our race, which does not
flourish, in the tropics. Their population must remain of the mixed Latin
and African and Asiatic races, which compose it now.
It will be seen then, that the American people have something to con
sider in this matter besides the dollar which, to the commercial instinct,
is made greater than all else.
By following our destiny within constitutional lines and limits we have
become the wealthiest of the nations. Why need we step out of those
lines and limits? Why need we assert the right of conquest, the most
hateful of all rights, the most destructive of human liberty and hap
piness? Is the Midas touch the only inspiration and the only aspiration
left to our people after six score years' experience of liberty?
JOHN P. IRISH.
NEEDED AT THE PHILIPPINES.
More Troops Will Probably Be Called For, Thus
Giving the Eighth California
a Chance.
In view of the fact that Major General Merritt cables from Manila that
all the forces assigned to him will probably be needed, owing to the bold
and defiant attitude of Aguinaldo, as cabled by Admiral Dewey. it is quite
likely that the surplus of troops remaining after the quota of 20,000 has
been forwarded to the Philippines will also go to the front. This surplus
will amount to over 3009.
There are now belonging to the Eighth Army Corps in San Francisco
four full regiments, aggregating 5200 men, and 1800 recruits, making 7000
troops. The Scandia and Arizona will carry away 3200, leaving the First
Tennessee, the Fifty-first lowa and the Twentieth Kansas to follow, and
possibly the Eighth California from Camp Barrett at Oakland, in case
there should be a call for more troops for the Philippines.
The transports that were first sent to the Philippines are expected
back about the middle of August, and will probably make another trip to
Manila.
It is expected that the first battalion of the First New York and the
third battalion of the Second Regiment of United States Volunteer En
gineers will sail to-morrow or Tuesday on the Lakme and North Fork for
Honolulu.
The sailing ship Tacoma, with a cargo of mules, horses and wagons,
will Bail some day this week for Manila.
exercise. There was a drill by the Second
Battalion, and the drill closed with a bat
talion parade and a review by Sol Canen,
the department commander of the G. A.
R. On the reviewing stand at the
march past were Assistant Adjutant
General T. C. Masteller, Major J. H.
Simpson, Colonel C. Mason Kinne and a
number of the officers of fhe First F I ;i
ment of Tennessee. At tfie conclusion of
the review dancing was commenced.
The officers and men of the two bat
talions were entertained at a luncheon
by the ladies of the Relief Corps at the
conclusion of the exhibition. Colonel
and Mrs. Kinne. Mrs. Comstock and
Mrs Staples had charge of the affair, and
to their efforts was due largely the suc
cess of the entertainment. A number of
the members of the Veteran Guard in
uniform, a<ted as ushers. Through the
courtesy of the Presidio and Ferries car
line and the California-street car line,
the snldiprs of the two battalions were
carried from their camp at the Presidio
to the Pavilion and return free of charge.
NURSES ARE CAPABLE.
Major Owen of the Division
Hospital Contradicts a
False Report.
The yellow Journal Is at It again. This
time Major Owen, the surgeon in charge
of the Division Hospital at the Presidio,
is the object of one of the Examiners
jaundice lies. The yellow journal pub
lished yesterday a resolution passed by
the Red Cross ladies of Oakland, deplor
ing the fact that all troops were not
moved from Camp Merritt to the Pre
sidio at once, and also a report brought
by Mrs Marie HacUermot from Major
Owen, In which that officer is quoted as
saving his nurses wore Incompo' tent azy
md not taking an interest in tln-ir -work,
and that in consequence the patients are
suffering because of the carelessness of
th Ma n jor S Owon. when asked yesterday if
thi<= report was true, replied: It is ab
solutely Slse. My nurses are competent
and thi-v are working faithfully and hard.
The death rate is small when the many
obstacles that I have had to overcome are
taken into consideration. The nurses are
satisfied with their positions and they are
an intelifkent lot of men who are earnest
ly endeavoring to do their duty. My re
ported criticism of them in the Examiner
fs a He cut from the whole cloth.
ANOTHER INVESTIGATION.
Accounts of ' Quartermaster
Green, Twentieth Kansas,
to Be Carafully Looked
Into
It is the intention of the officers of the
Twentieth Kansas to probe to the bottom
: the shortage in the quartermaster's •■ and
! commissary's departments. The latest
move was made yestej£ay, when a board
lof survey was called to expert the ac
' counts of Lieutenant Green, regimental
quartermaster, in order to place the
i blame. for the numerous shortages that
! have been reported. .. . m ..__.. _ .
The board is composed of Major Frank
B. Cheatham, First Tennessee; Captain
Carroll First Colorado,, and Lieutenant
i W. Harry French, Fifty-first lowa.
Sufficient evidence is at hand, to t place
I Sergeant Young :as a disgraced prisoner
on the island without undue delay. ... •
The board engaged in inspecting the
accounts of Lieutenant Lafayette C.
Smith has not yet reported.
Two Mora Typhoid Ca~fs,
Despite the fact that Surgeon General
Mi.ldleton has ordered a rigid censorship
of all hospital news given out from the
different regimental hospftals, the fact
leaked 0U( yesterday that two more cases
of typhoid "fever had been discovered in
the ranks of the Eighteenth Infantry. The
victims are Privates Victor Llndho'.m,
Company X, and Frank E. Smith, Com
pany I. This makes a total of five cases
discovered in the Eighteenth in the past
week.
INFERIOR EQUIPMENT.
Board of Survey Ordered to
Inspect Accouterments of the
First Tennessee.
It has been found necessary to call a
Board of Survey to Inspect the equipment
of the First Tennessee Volunteers. A
month's use has developed the poor qual
ity of a number of the most necessary
articles; the canteens are leaky and are
covered with cotton Instead of canvas; the
shoes issued to the men have proved
worthless; the bayonet scabbards, a sec
ond-hand lot from Rock Island Arsenal,
are splintered and bent. The cartridge
boxes will also be Investigated. Instead
of being equipped with the army belt with
a capacity for 50 and 100 rounds, the regi
ment has been given the old style box,
which holds but twenty rounds. Numer
ous other articles of the regimental equip
ment will be inspected with a view of
thoroughly equipping the men before they
are ordered aboard theit transport.
The officers detailed for the board are
Lieutenant Colonel Childers, Major
Cheatham and Major Bayliss.
Novel Programme by Kan
sans.
The Twentieth Kansas Regiment will
give a most interesting evening's enter
tainment at Mechanics' Pavilion next
Thursday evening, the 4th of August, for
the benefit of the Army and Navy Chris
tian Commission work. They are prepar
ing many fancy drills. The regimental
band of the Twentieth Kansas is said to
be one of the best in camp. In addition
to the entertainment by the regiment the
band will give the following programme:
March, '"Stars and Stripes- Forever"
(Sousa); military fantasia, "The Twen
tieth Kansas, V.," arranged by Chief
Musician C. J^Jormly and dedicated to
Colonel Frederick Funston, C commanding
(descriptive, of the battlefield, charge of
the Rough Riders, whirl of battle, assem
bly of the victors and the fighting tune of
the Twentieth Kansas); idyl, "The Mill
in the .Forest," arranged by Merrielles
(descriptive); Mazurka Russa, "La Czar
ina" (Gauna); overture, "l'Espair de I'Al
sace," arranged by Clause; waltz, "Blue
Danube" (Strauss); march, "The Old
Veteran" (Bernard).
Mme. Alice Waltz will sine: "The Star
spangled Banner," accompanied by the
band. The athletic class of the Young
Men's Christian Association has pre
pared a most novel feature for the even
ing under the direction of Dr. Dietz,
which they style me "living pyramid of
flags," in which about thirty young men
will participate.
.. ,-.■■.. . . . — ♦ «
Another Day at Camp Merritt.
; As in the case of the Seventh California,
the orders instructing the Twentieth Kan
sas Volunteers to move to the Presidio
on Monday morning next have been re
, scinded, and it is now given out that the
| regiment will not go to its new camp
until next Friday.
The explanation for this sudden change
1 of plans is in the fact that the enormous
amount of preliminary work necessary to
a camp move would leave the Kansas
boys no time to practice for the exhibi
tion drill that they are to give on Thurs
j day evening for the benefit of the Army
! and Navy Christian Commission. This
; fact was laid before General filler by
I friends of the regiment and of the com
1 mission, and the general readily consent
, ed to a postponement of the moving day.
War Incidents.
First Lieutenant Delamere Skerrett of
the Third United States Artillery has been
appointed recruiting officer, and will open
an office in this city with a detail con
sisting of a sergeant, a corporal and a
private.
A second lieutenant's commission has
been issued to Major General Merriam'*
eon, and he has been assigned to duty
with the Third United States Artillery at
the Presidio.
HIS WHOLE LIFE
GIVEN TO CHARITY
ARTHUR G. SMILEY DIES AFTER
A LINGERING ILLNESS.
For Ten Years He Was Closely
Identified With Christian Res
cue Work in This City.
Arthur G. Smiley, superintendent of the
Boys" and Girls' Aid Society, died yester
day afternoon at his home, 1007 Capp
street, after a long and painful illness,
which was undoubtedly the result of
overwork. Mr. Smiley was only about 39
years old, but during- his all too short life
he has devoted ail his energies to helping
others. Thousands of Christian and char
itable people in this city will regret his
death, and thousands of young men and
women who have been torn from evil as
sociations and started on the pathway of
virtue and Industry will rorever remem
ber his kindly and loving assistance.
Mi. Smiley was "formerly registrar of
the Board of Associated Charities. About
five years ago he took charge of the Boys'
and Girls' Aid Society, which was then in
a deplorable condition. His first act was
to inaugurate a new system of govern
ment at the institution, and he substi
tuted kind words and Christian love for
the harsh measures then in vogue. . He
abolished the "sweat box," which was
one of the features of the home, and
every Sunday morning he thr^w the doors
open and told the children to go to their
homes for the day aatl return at night.
During the live years Mr. Smiley was in
charge only twenty-five boys took advan
tage of their liberty and failed to return
when their furloughs expired.
An air of sorrow pervaded the home
last evening. The matron and teachers,
who have been associated with the de
ceased for many years, could not restrain
their tears when speaking of him and his
kindly, generous heart.
He was a son of the late Rev. G. W.
and Sarah N. Cooper Smiley of Lexing
ton, Ky., and came here about ten years
ago, since which time he has been closely
connected with local charitable and re
form organizations.
A widow and five children, three elrla
OF INTEREST
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding ' :th Any of the For , -Ing Flrrr.S Ple«se Mention "Th. Call.-
ART GLASS.
California Art Glass. Bending and Cutting
Works. 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossing, .Staining, . Beveling.' ,: Wm. '
Schroeder. Pres. Telephone Main 868.
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrtlstlc Furniture and <f?rt Ware Importers,
117 SUTTER STREET.
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
MEV7A CDDINft Proprietor. Send for tne**-
HiLTIiU JiKINII ure blanks. U. S. Commti-
Blon. 9 Geary St., S. F. ■
ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
nijir Jt CfHlWni CD Bank. Office and Saloon
rLNKaMnIMILcK, Fittings. 1309 Market
6«- Telephone South 267. _^ ' '-■ '■ ■
AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock rill IP '* fft : " Montgomery St..
Auctioneers. IVILLir ix W- San Francisco.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WCrifflEVlVfi : Shlpplnß trade supplied.
Will- MilUfcft 639 Broadway street.
BELTING.
LP nFfiFN Manufacturer of Belting and
L. T. UEUEN, Lace Leather, 105-107 Mis-,
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing.
~ BICYCLES. ~
'98 Model Cleveland Bicycles
Sell for $50. JCS and $75. Crescents, In Men";
and Ladles' $85. Second-hand Wheels, $10 and
up. LEAVITT & BILL. 303 Larkln street.
BOILER MAKERS. .
»* tW W. J. Brad Patent
ti f 5 DETACHABLE
£$% M MUD DRUM
fjß<jj%i%js^ffi&^ 'or Steam Boilers,
"^'"■wQtesSSJsj Manufactured by . ;
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Kep&in and Ship Work.
Office and Works— MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045. ■
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO HEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
BOOKBINDERS.
JT3 MriTTJTVBI? Bookbinder and Printer,
i D. llibilU 1 Fill. 422 Commercial street.
. COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
GOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864. '
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox, Eupt. H. Blyth. Mpr.
C. W. Smith. Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 1»
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
— DENTIST. "
DR. C W- RICHARDS, Sk^m.? l^.
DRAY AGE.
McNAB & SMITH.
Draymen. Mercantile Warehouse.
Stands— 2os Davis St. and Corner Fifth
j and Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Main 1872.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
BEDJNBTOH & CO. s s o c n co s n t da Te d i s^i c n n i
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON.
': '.t, -•■'■• . 407-409 Montgomery st.
Capital : Represented. ."..'. . . . : . . . . over S $14,000,000
;- FRESH AND, SALT MEATS.
lAS RfIVFS * ("Si ' Shipping ' Butchens. 108
JAS- Dili CO a UJ., Clay. Tel. Main 1194.
""" FLOUR. «
VITIAVIT Flour Mills. J. Martensteln A Co.
nAIiUHAL S.W. cor. Battery and Pacific its.
and two boys, survive him. Dr. Virginia
Smiley, the well-known physician, of this
city, is his sisUT.
QUARTER CENTURY
OF ACTIVE SERVICE
SILVER JUBILEE CELEBRATED
BY REV. MR. LEVY.
Congregation Beth Israel Holds Im
pressive Services in Commem
oration of the Event.
The twenty-fifth aftniversary of the or
dination of the Rev. M. S. Levy and the
seventh year of his pastorate as rabbi of
the Congregation Beth Israel were cele
brated in a most elaborate ami impressive
manner at the synagogue on Geary street
yesterday morning. The ladles of the
congregation had turned the interior of
the magnificent edifice into a veritable
bower of flowers, festooned with smilax
and myrtle. A large arch curved grace
fully over the chair of the rabbi, in the
rear of which were suspended the figures
"25" in flowers, while from the center
piece of the arch stood out in bold relief
the figure "7." There were also many
other beautiful floral pieces, remem
brances of individual members of the con
gregation.
The opening sermon of tho service was
delivered by the Rev. J. Leonard Levy of
Philadelphia, chaplain of the First Regi
ment of Pennsylvania Volunteers, who
. , ADVERTISEMENTS.
>, . . , . ; - • - ■ ■ -♦■• '
+ SR ' £33 \ ■*■
+ - - ■•-■' - ' -■' ■ - • If you have- an ailment re- +
♦ -■■ it^^^WSbJ' ■ cently contracted, or which has -"♦"•'
X Jf^E¥^ :> -^^'f^^»_ . become dangerous or chronic
■4- re|gHp~^ B £^3^ through bad treatment or a weak- *
+1 * •■»§§£'■ ' ■ v« ness that ; is robbing you of +
"*" $&t?' health and self-respect, you should 4.
4- ' i/f - - v^ajrf consult the physicians of ' Dr. +•
♦ } Y^£' I * ?!^'^VvP*\ Meyers & Co.'s institute. They -^
♦ ■.■.\V»|' :1 d\"vj*/</ : ' can cure and res ore you quickly 4-
|| :MS?M .i^AM No Pay Till Cured. ;
♦ "^S^^^^^f Consultation free ; also private +
sMm^^Wi tiWm -Mt, book fc J men . and question list + :
X : aPßi#' i 731 Market St.. San Prancisoo. *
+ 1 *^^J3i&M : Take eleva ' or ' Third Floor 4.
♦ sv'^/l*^ Ss %[ "^^^^^^^w. Bto 5 daily; evenings, 7to 8 ♦
-f, mbbbt^.^ vl:,,^^^ - '-^n Sundays. 9in 11 \ -*-
: # :
: Diseases and Weakness of Men- h
+♦+++ + + + -f 4-4- 4-f -f -f «f -f ♦♦ -f>-*-<f>^4.4.4.>4.>44.^4>t
HARDWARE.
DAL ACE Hardware Co. , Importers Si Dealers
* in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES. }
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkln St.. 8. P.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all .
kinds of Harness and dealers in Buggies.
Carts, etc. ' If you want bargains call or write
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley. Props..
234 Fremont St., Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS. 136 gutter St.
San Francisco. Telephone Main 317.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital, $4,000,000.
SYZ A CO., Agent*.
JOl California it.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THE RPDVHiDT) Mattress Co.. 642 Mission
I lID DEMPHiAKU st. Telephone Main 1874.
OPTICAL GOODS.
BERTELING OPTICAL COMPANY,
Scientific Opticians and Manufacturers of
Optical Goods, 14 and 16 Kearny street.
PAPER DEALERS.
U/ll I AMCTTC PULP AND PAPER CO..
WILL CMC 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
Tbe Oldest Firm and Lanrent Stock.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
' • 28 and SO O'Farrell St. \ "
A corps of expert tuners and repairer*.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
17 An k ITAgency. Reloading, developing, print-
KUllAhlnV T. P. Andrews. 109 Montgomery.
~ REAL ESTATE.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO..
r.BAt. ESTATE.' RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery st. .
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tel coggIcPARTRIDGEc o g g lc PARTRIDGE Kafc
SEWING MACHINES.
UnnilCOTlfl" Pre-eminently th« machine for
UUmtollU ' family us«. 1021 Market itre.t,
near Sixth. '
SOAP.
GD I firv £ m 23 California street.
. It. LUtl & CV,, room 37. Tel. Main 1681.
THE HICKS- JUDD COr^Sertf^^Tt
TARTAR WORKS.
£\ALIFORNIA TARTAR WORKS,
G. De LATOUR, Manager.
Office 318 Front Street, San Francisco.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type Foundry, successor*
to Hawk* & Sh&ttuck. The Home Industry
House. 608 Clay Bt ' ■
WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
HENRY B. SCHINDLER, manufacturer of
carriages, buggies, etc. ; repairing done In
first-class style at fair prices for good work.
128 Spear St.; tel. Main 295. '
WALLPAPER.
WALLPAPER— WhoIesaIe and retail; Bend for
samples, stating about quality and color, to
JAS. DUFFY CO., 928-930 Howard St.. S. F.
i WAREHOUSEMEN.
, THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.. ,
Forwarding Agents * and public Wetghar*. '
Genera] Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses.
General office. 210 California st. Tel. Mala 1914.
WATCHES, ETC.
Tf ITWTIV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• Ltnlfl, full 18-k. Wedding Rings, 4 3d st.
! came to San Francisco for the express
purpose of participating in tho event. Rev.
M. S. Levy followed, apd in a most im
pressive manner delivered his silver jubi
lee sermon. The services were marked by
excellent music, and at their conclusion
the Rev. Mr.* Levy was the recipient of
many hearty congratulations.
Since the Rev. M. S. Levy took charge
lof the Congregation Beth Israel many
j changes have occurred. At that time the
congregation consisted of but fifty mem
bers. Since then the membership has been
increased to over 200. The floating and
bonded indebtedness, which amounted to
over $60,000. has been decreased by the
payment of all the floating indebtedness
and $10,000 of the bonded indebtedness.
Several societies connected with church
work have been established, the principal
! of which is the society to aid ex-convicts.
Much good has been done by the society,
and many an unfortunate has been raised
out of the depths by its help.
Since his ordination the Rev. Mr. Levy
I has officiated at over 1000 weddings, and
i has confirmed over 600 children. He has
i performed the service of the golden wed
ding ten times and the diamond wedding
once.
Besides the great amount of work re
quired of him by his congregation Rev.
Mr. Levy finds time to conduct the Jewish
i Times, the second oldest Jewish paper in
the United States. Notwithstanding his
busy life among the members of his con
| gregation and in the office of the Jewish
; Times, he takes the greatest pleasure
i among the members of his immediate
j family, which consists of a wife and six
children. Mrs. Levy, who Is the daugh
ter of a most eminent divine of Cornwall,
England, assists materially in the work
of tho church, to which she is well
adapted.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, wltt»
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017 -1U23 Mission.
•THE POPULISTS
OVERLOOKED
Nd; Room for Them on
Registration Boards.
TURNED DOWN BY ALLIES
THEIR REQUEST FOR A FEW
PLACES WAS IGNORED.
Registrar Biggy Is Dissatisfied With
the Manner in Which
Officers Were
Chosen.
The local Populists now understand what
fusion with the Democracy means. They
believed that when they fused with the
Magulre-GallaQrher Democrats at Sacra
meh to. they would be rewarded by proper
Ition when the time for the distri
bution ( ,f th.' political plums arrived. The
first distribution of the plums was made
yesterday and not a plum fell to the Pop
ulistß. The Democrats took two out of
every three plums distributed and guv©
their allies a lot of gilt-edged promises.
Promises are all right In their way, but
plums are better, no matter how small
may be the plums. The Populists asked
fty-three precinct registration offi
cers. How their modest request was re
ceived by the Democrats is best shown by
the list of officers selected. In each pre
cinct two Democrats were chosen and one
Republican. None of the officers bear the
Populist, label.
Mayor I'hclan and Registrar Blggy also
had iin unpleasant experience with the
commission. Auditor Broderick, City At
.- Creswell, Tax Collector Block and
Surveyor' Til ton were united on every
proposition and the Mayor and Registrar
received the same consideration that is
i • proverbial white chip in a faro
fame. They were simply overlooked.
The ball started rolling when Registrar
Biggy. inquired it the commission intend
ed living up to the letter of the law, which
provides that all election and registration
officers mast be on the assessment roll.
"Do you want us to violate the oaths
we. have taken to support the constitution
of the State?" asked Attorney Creswell.
"The constitution explicitly sets forth that
property holding Is not a necessary quali-
' • ficatlon. for office holding.*"
/'But there Is a law," . ventured Blggry,
'• '-that reads that all election officers must
be on th«? assessment list."
"I believe that law to be unconstitution
al." said Creswell in reply, "and bo does
the majority of the members of the com
mission.*'
"We have exercised all the care possi
ble," said Tax Collector Block, "In the
selection of the men who are to serve on
the present registration boards, and al
though some of them may not be on the
. assessment roll we personally know them
to be good men."
"But I want to know," persisted Biggy,
"if you intend living 'ud to the letter of
the law which provides that all these offi
cers must be on the assessment roll?"
"This is a meeting of the Election Com
missioners," replied creswell. "We are
not here to interpret the law for you."
"Why is it necessary," asked Auditor
Brodenck, "that the precinct registration
officers be on the assessment roll? They
are only going to do the same work the
. deputies you have in your office at pres
ent are doing, and I venture to say that
ilot one of your entire-force is on the as
sessment roll."
After a lengthy debate Mayor Phelan
made a motion that the Registrar be
• given until, to-morrow .morning at 10
o'clirek • to consult - tho assessment rolls
and ascertain if all of the clerks selected
wefc on it.
What is the use of wafting that much
• time," said Cre swell, "for 1 know that j
over DO per cent of the men you named,
f" Mr. Mayor, are not on the assessment
roll?" ":...;.
. Block then moved that the list of Demo
. crats and Republicans presented be se
lected ten act as precinct registration offi
cers.
• The motion prevailed, Mayor Phelan
alone voting against It.
The following is the list of officers
.■chosen: .
.•'.■TWENTY-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
;• First Precinct— lnspector, W. J. Burke, D.,
.32 Steuart street; judge, W. H. McManus, D".,
■ .118' East' street; Judge. Edward Skelly, R., 93
• ■.'SXeuart street.
•'•■ ■ Seffiind Precinct— lnspector, H. C. Beckley,
P-.';,21 SteUart street; Judge, J. P. Dulleghan,-
D., 31? Fremont street; Judge, James B. Brown,
•■■ lC' i«h Folsom street.
■'■ ; Th-inri Precinct— lnspector, M. J. O'Brien, p.,
■It-Rii. p!ac«; Judge. William Casey, P..
-.■2- Goxidsell place; Judge, C. V. Boucher, R.,
■ -417 First street.
•■••= Fourth Precinct— lnspector, W. J. Farren,
P,;-srt -Harrison street; Judge, D. F. Sullivan,
. -D.-.v. 3CI First street; Judge. E. W. Haughy, R.,
" Sl'7 iFlrsl street.
'"•'.Frfth. Precinct— lnspector, Thomas J. Sears,
' D!-. .17 Tehama street: Judge, James W. Buch
■ ahnßii,' !>.> 49 Tehama street: Judge, James H.
■Open'shaw; It.. 67 Tehama street.
'"'.Shclli' Prcclnet— Inspector, Joseph M. Kelle
• :her,;"D.. 56 Tebatr.a street; Judge. A. J. Este- i
Xttp,' D., C 3 Tehama • reel ; Judge, Charles L.
.■•Ha.n.'hlgan,; R., 547 Howard street.
•V Seventh • Precinct— lnnpector, Simon Light,
•r>.-.'' 'I*; Second street; fudge, John Donnelly,
• 1).; .-614 Howard street; Judge. M. Cornyn, R.,
'r.T. >«atoma' straet.
: .'• -Eighth Precinct— lnspector, Henry M. Pono
.'hue; D-, 42 Natoma street; Judge, Thomaa
'■ Manning, D., "2. Natoma street; Judge, John
■ M-urdw.k, R., 74 Natoma street.
>' - Nlttth Precinct — Inspector, William Mahoney,
' 7', >'* New Montgomery street; Judge. Lewis
• J. Adams, P., 24V4 Minna street; Judge, Jos
• eph K. Ford, R., T. 63 Mission street.
'• .: Tenth Precinct— lnspector, Michael J. Brown,
P.. 3 Lick Alley; Judge, A. H. Bahrmi • D.,
■ tr.%- Mission street; Judge, John J. Larkin, R.,
.' £2 J<»ssle street.
:-': -' Eleventh Precinct— lnspector. Charles Mc
" Mullen, ' P.. £2 Second street; Judge, John E.
•VOleason, P . 632 Mission street; Judge, Hollls
K. Ran.], it.. 181 Jessie street.
■'• Twelfth Precinct— lnspector. Thomas Harrl
' son,'- D., E4 Stanley place: Judge, Nlrholaa
'.•Mn.TTlsch.--D., 13 Stanley place; Judge, Thomas
•-H.Viyl.in. R.. 12 Essex street.
- • Thirteenth Precinct— lnspector, Lawrence J.
;• Porilan. D., 24 Sherwood place; judge. Arthur
■ <; •TTnger. ' D., 177 Minna street; Judge, Peter
■ Ponsrherty, }'. 7 Sherwood place.
- Fourteenth Precinct— Inspector. John J. Al
• Ivn. P. 218 Second street: judpe, James E.
■'.-Moore. D., 22 Hawthorne utreet: Judge,
■Thomaa Phlpp«. R.. C'» 9 Howard street.
- . Fifteenth — Inspector, Martin J.
Heavy, D., 172 Hawtnorne street; Judge,
Frank J. Carney, D., 172 Clementina street;
...Jiidsre. John Gill. R., IB" Tehama utreet.
-■ 'Sixteenth Precinct — Inspector. G«»or«re Hum
. .-mnxi. ■!>.. 40 IVrn- street: .lutlire. F. McAullff.
• 'TV.-4r3U Third street; Judge, Robert .T. Avery,
■•1:.. "» Silver street.
...• "TWENTY-NINTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
. ; '•• Ptrist-Preclnet— lnspector, Ed Whelan, p.. 861
. • . GEAPE-NUTS.
VVV V VALUE OF CREAM
■:' ■, As Compared With Meat.
■y One-, of the most • valuable items in
:.<*ne-*'i dietary is good, rich cream. The
■• remark Is frequently made that "cream
:.J.s t'^ expensive to use' freely." Such
people 'think they must have meat
e.yery. day at 10 and 23 cents per pound,
anil 'do not realize that 5 cents' worth
Vof 'pure, cream for breakfast will do
'.more to put on flesh than 25 or 30 cents
".•worth" of . meat.
. ■ An ideal portion of breakfast is that
••obtained from say, four teaspoons of
, Gra"pe-Nuts and a little, pure, thick
' cream.
■ -Made by the Poatum Co. at Battle
• Greek.. Mich.
• "this is one of the most delicious
.'dishes imaginable and is served with-
, out cooking or trouble of any kind and
I cannot- be equaled in point of food
[Out cooking or trouble of any kind and
cannot be equaled In point of food
value for the human bndy.
I- The "Grape-Nuts, -consisting largely
of grape-sugar, have passed through
. processes similar to the first act of di->
• gestion and are therefore most easily
: digested, and in combination with
• cream, they render the cream itself
easy of digestion.
• Grocers sell Grape-Nuts.
I Market street; Judge, J. J. Harrison. D., S7l
Market street; Judge, J. J. McDald, R., 863!*
Market street.
Second Precinct— lnspector, John McDonald,
D., 276 Jessie street; Judge, B. B. Nolan, D.,
71 Fourth street; Judge, Thomas W. Fleming,
It. 278 Jessie street.
Third Precinct— lnspector. Thomas Brady, D.,
319 Jessie street; judge. Matthew Lally, D., 343
I Jessie street; Judge. Edward H. Canavan, R.,
! .•>■■- jj Mission Btreet.
Fourth Precinct— lnspector, Daniel Boyle, D-,
340 Minna street; Judge, William McKenzie, D.,
316 Minna street; Judge, A. H. King, R., 114
Fourth street.
Fifth Precinct— lnspector, George W. Tustln.
I D.. 785 Mission street; Judge. J. J. Brewer. D.,
MS Mission street; Judge, John Hart, R., 793
Mission street.
Sixth Precinct— lnspector. C. Griffin. D., 235
| Minna street; Judge. Martin Tierney, D., 216
Natorr.a street; Judge, Samuel Taussig, R., 7M^
i Howard street.
Seventh Precinct— lnspector, August Tillman,
1 D., 31S Minna street; Judge, Asa H. King, D..
150 Fourth street; Judge, R. H. Williams, R.,
809 Natonia street.
Eighth Precinct— lnspector, Daniel Hag.irty,
D., 26SH Tehama street; Judge, P. J. Sullivan.
D.. 336 Tehama street; Judge, Phillip Hartman,
R., 2524 Tehama street
Ninth Precinct— lnspector. P. H. Cahill. D.,
343 Tehama street; Judge, John Krtevanck, D.,
327 Clementina street; Judge, M. Stockwltz, R-,
250H Fourth street.
Tenth Precinct— lnspector. Martin Dempsey,
D.. 261 Tehama street; Judge. William Mrndell.
D., 7SC Folsom street; Judge, William Misled.
R.. 1 24 Folsom street.
Eleventh Precinct— lnspector, James Dunne,
D-. 17 Louisa alley; Judge, Bryan Nolan, D..
323 Fourth street; Judge. W. F. Browning, 11.,
■ il Folsom Btreet.
Twelfth Precinct— lnspector, James W. Kelly,
D.. 118 Clara street; Judge. Peter Sexton. D..
130 Clara street; Judge. Peter A. Fltzpatrick.
R.. 12S Clara street.
Thirteenth Precinct— lnspector. U Ehrllch,
D., 856 Harrison street: Jud^. John C. Murphy,
i D., 842 Harrison street; Judse, James Dhue,
R., 840 Harrison street.
Fourteenth Precinct— lnspector, J. W. O'Don
nell, D.. 19 Clara street; Jud^e, T. F. Eagan,
D., 7FO Harrison street: Judge, Daniel Rim
linger. R.. 304 Third street.
Fifteenth Precinct — Inspector, John Tobln, D.,
17$ Perry nreet; Judge, Jeremiah Brosnnn, D.,
761 Harrison street; Judge, Henry W. Basuett,
R.. 145 Perry street.
Sixteenth Precinct— lnspector, Charles Lang
ley. D., ieSH Perry street: Judge. Thomas F.
! Muller, D.. 167 Perry street; Judge, Albert
' Bangs. R., 159 Perry street.
Seventeenth Precinct— lnspector. W. A. Bu
chanan, D.. 485 Fourth street; Judge. Thomas
Me Bride. D., M 0 Bryant stre«t; Judge, William
Savage, R., 497 Fourth street.
THIRTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— lnspector, William Pratt, D.,
43SH Jessie street; Judge, William K. Healy,
D., 917 Market street; Judge, John Denanny,
R., 905 Market street.
Second Precinct— lnspector, Charles E. Ames,
D., 641 Stevenson street; judge, P. F. Cregan,
D., 543 Stevenson street; Judge, I. Rosenberg,
R., S Seventh street.
Third Precinct— John Heaney. D., 514 Minna
street; Judge, Thomas Grady, D,, 60* Minna
street; Judge, A. W. McPherson, R.. 54 Sixth
street.
Fourth Precinct— J. K. Lynch, P.. 930 Mis
sion street; judge, John E. Anderson, P., 10H
Mission street; Judge, Henry Hartltns, R.. Hi
Mission street.
Fifth Precinct— lnspector, George Fitzgerald,
P., 527 Natotna street; Judge, James Sullivan,
D., lUIO Howard street; judge, William Wells,
R., 5W Natoma street.
Sixth Precinct— lnspector, Frank Miller, D.,
123H Sixth street; Judge, Augustus Jacobs, D.,
46s Natoma street; judge, William Hopkins,
R., US Sixth street.
Seventh Precinct— lnspector, S. Bornstein, D.,
4W Tehama street; judge, C. G. Nagle, l>.,
iU\i Tehama street; Judge, Timothy Lynch,
R.. 9S» Howard street.
Eighth Precinct— lnspector. C. Kemmtng. D.,
1030 Folaom street; Judge, Edward Adams, D.,
c .uthwest corner Rusa and Howard streets;
Judge. N. B. Engle, R.. 1091 Howard street.
Ninth Precinct— lnspector, W. T. Roland. D.,
465E Tehama street; Judge, Eugene Sullivan,
P., 912h Folsom street; Judge, H. Jacobs. It.,
902 Folsom Btreet.
Tenth Precinct— lnspector, Henry Quigg. P..
135 Harriet street; Judge, Henry Bailey. P.,
10U Howard street; Judge, S. Meyer, R. , 234
Sixth street.
Eleventh Precinct— lnspector. E. J. McGlade,
D.. 271 Shipley street: Judge, James Nelson. P.,
270 Shipley street; judge, William McCormaek,
R., 2411 Clara street.
Twelfth Precinct— lnspector, Ernest Gilbert,
D.. 770 Bryant street; Judge. George Smith, D.,
tVnk Harrison street; Judge. R. Roberts, R., 24
Morris avenue.
Thirteenth Precinct — Inspector, John Mc-
Kenna. P., 5H Morris avenue; judge, Edward
Cleary, P., 23 Morris avenue; Judge, M. Lub-
Mner, R.. 951 Harrison street.
fourteenth Precinct — Inspector, James Wher
ty. P.. 1027^ Harrison street; judge, Robert
Hoare, D., 3U7 Seventh street; judge. William
11. Harrington. R.. 233 Harriet street.
THIRTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— lnspector. William Sand, D.,
61S Stevenson street; Judge, George Sutor, P..
1138 Mission street; Juuge, Henry JlcSorley, R..
61S Stevenson street.
Second Precinct— lnspector, V> llllura Craig.
D., 25 Ninth street; Judge, Joseph Hughes, P.,
7&1 Stevenson street; Juuge, C. &. Stout, JR., 782
Stevenson street. . '
Third Precinct— lnspector. Ernest J. Preston,
D.. lull* Ninth street; Judge, T. J. O'Connor,
D.. 1121 Mission street; Judge, Henry I). Byrne, i
X., 11l Eighth street. ■ ■?•
Fourth Precinct— lnspector, Bernard C. Shar
key, D., 617H Minna street; Judge, A. A. \\ hit-
Held, P., 632 Natoma street; Judge, Wllllaru C
! Johnson. R., 62S Natoma street.
Fifth Precinct— lnspector, George Clements, ■
P. 617 Natoma street; Judge, Cornelius Rod- .
den, L>.. 715 Natoma street; Judge, Thomas Mc-
Glynn, R-, 1216 Howard street.
Sixth Precinct— Inspector, Charles Miller, P.. j
12V4 Washington avenue; Judge, James \\ .
Connell, P.. 18 Washington avenue; judge, C.
H. M. Ellis, R.. 10 Washington avenue.
Seventh Precinct— lnspector, William Lowen
feld, D.. 1437 Mission street, Judge J. J. Joel.
D.. 910 Natoma street; Judge, M. J. Foley, R., |
154 Tenth street.
Eighth Precinct— Inspector, John O Hara, D..
230* Ninth street; Judge. Henry Klun».D..a»
Eleventh street; Judge, Phil Fahey, R., MM
Folsom street? . _„,. _.
Ninth Precinct— James G' ll , l , 06 ' P..
739 Tehama street; Judge L.E. Kelly, I)..
715 Tehama street; Judge, William J. Mlskel,
R., 1232 Folsom street. ; <?
Tenth Precinct— lnspector, H. Paly. 1134
Folsom street; Judge, J. J. Connor, P..
36 Rausch street; Judge, Fre-J A. Smith, R..
217 Eighth street.
s Eleventh Precinct— lnspector, John bharkey,
P., *20 Seventh street; Judge, George Rice. D., ,
1129 Howard street; Judge, Frank Koegel, R..
31\j Rausch street.
Twelfth Precinct— lnspector, C. L. Asmus
sen. D., 401 Eighth street; Judge, H. Hlncken,
D cor. Chesley and Harrison streets; Judge,
James Gallagher, R.. 940 Bryant street.
Thirteenth Precinct— Frank Tool
an D., 1139& Folsom street; Judge,' G«*rge
McNerny. D., I&V4 Harrison street; Judge
I Jesse C. Knapp, R.. 11214 Folsom street.
Fourteenth Precinct— J. A. High
land D., 315 Ninth street; Judge F. P. Bar
nett, D.. 84 Converse street; Judge, Patrick
Cahlll, R., 1291 Folsom street. .
Fifteenth Precinct— lnspector, .D. J. McCar
ty D.. 325 Tenth street; Judge.'P. T. Kelly,
P., 1335 Folsom street; judge, Jeremiah O'Nell,
R.. 1403 Folsom street. nlw ' ;
Sixteenth Precinct— lnspector, C. . E. O Nell,
D., 1403 Folsom street; Judge, R. -; C. Morton,
D.. 1130 Bryant street; judge, Tyler Mines, R.,
1120 Bryant street. .. '
THIRTY-SECOND ASSEMBLY* DISTRICT.
First Precinct— lnspector, Steve Powers, P.,
Cl 3 Second street; Judge, John Coughlan, P.,
145 Second street; Judge, John J. Campbell, EL,
618 Second street.
Second Precinct.— Hugh P. Beck
ett, D.. 137 South Park; Judge, W. J. Ren
wick, P.. 447 Bryant street; Judge, Henry Luke,
R., 46 South Park.
Third Precinct— lnspector, J. H. Curtln. D..
N. W. cor, Second and Townsend streets;
Judge, Edward O'Connor, D., 608 Third street;
Judge, C. B. Carey, R., 818 Third street.
Fourth Precinct— lnspector, William Wall,
D., 224 Rltch street; Judge, Thomas McCall,
P., 2064 Rltch street; judge, Adolph H.
Metletz*-, It., 306 Rltch street. -.
Fifth Precinct— lnspector, Chris. S. Fleuren,
P., 28 Welch street ; Judge, Joseph Spinney,
D., 446 Brannan street; Judge, Edward Lyons,
R., 663 Bryant street.
Sixth Precinct— lnspector, A. J. Reavey, P.,
ESS Fourth street; Judge, William Gerran. D.,
636 Fourth street; Judge, Jeremiah Lucey, R.,
109 "B" Freelon street.
Seventh Precinct.— lnspector, John Consi
gn*, P.. 369 Harriet street; Judge, John C.
Casey, D., CS2 Brannan street; Judge. 11. p.
Filgate. R., 229 Harriet street.
Eighth Precinct— lnspector, John Lawless.
P.. 318 Harriet street; judge. Philip Mapulre,
P., 12 Fargo place; Judge, J. L. O'Nell, R. U
Board man place.
Ninth Precinct-Inspector. Jeremiah OL°arv.
P.. 12 Geneva street: Judge, M . Greaney. D..
827 Brannan street; Judge, E. J. King. ft., 117
(jiibert ntr«et.
Tenth Precinct— lnspector, R. J. Boland. D.,
Bryant street, between Fifteenth anil Six
teenth; Judge, J. P. Devcraux, P., 375 Pore
stropt: Judge. T. V. Ryan, R. 617 Eighth
street.
~ Eleventh Precinct-Inspector, M. J. Curtin,
D., 1902 Bryant str-.-t; Judge.. Cornelius F K nn
D., 2736 Nineteenth »tn>et; M« T ATfSfc
lon. It Eighteenth and Hryant streets: .
Twelfth Precinct-Inspector. Thomas J. Lacy
p. 4 Texas ftreet; }n*K*. John Sherman. P.!
211 Caroline street; Judge, J. x. symon, It.. 126
Mission street. '
Thirteenth Precinct - Inspector. Joseph P.
Kelly, P.. CS2 Tennessee etr»ef Judge D
Toomey. D., eighteenth and Kentucky «itreetn-
Judge, William C. Gibson, R. 62 i MaViposa
street. . Manposa
THIRTY-THIRD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT
First Precinct— lnspector, George II Bntila
D., 2425 Harrison . Btn>et; ]»,]?„ T M Me
Oowan, D.. 2«8 Harrison street: Judge H>nrv
Walker, R.. 2958 Twenty-first, street
Second Precinct-Inspector. A. Q. Fitzpatrlck
D., J027 Twenty-second street; judge John
Stack. D., 703 Photwell street; JudK? ', no 1
Wltherby, R . 2613 Folsom street. s • JJ - ,»•
Third Precinct— lnspector, John Holland D
3079 Twenty-third street; JuUire. Joseph i'
Twohlp, P.. 818*4 Twenty-fourth street- Judge
Joseph H. Armstrong. R., 3066 Twenty-fourth
street. .
Fourth Precinct— Timothy Godslil
D.. 2911 Harrison street: Judge, J. F. Lyons D
1356 Alabama street; Judge. Daniel Sewell' «'"
1105 Shotwell street. ' ''
■ Fifth Precinct— lnspector, Rudolph T'rhlan
D , 285 D Twenty-fifth street: Judge, Daniel Rlor
dan. D.. 2871 Twenty-fourths street: Judge
David J.Kelton.R,,; 1122 Alabama street
Sixth Precinct— lnspector, William » Orlffln
D.;- IOCS -Alabama street; Judge, Thomas 3.
Oodslll. D.. 1030H Alabama street; ju-lKe
George, A. Raabe, R., 2983 Twenty-first streotr
Seventh Precinct— lnspector, J. J. Hughes, D
THE SA^ FRASTCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1898.
2426 Bryant street; Judge, J. J. Noonan, D., 2321
Bryant etreet; Judge. William MeNamara, R.,
Sl2Lg Hampshire street.
Eighth Precinct— lnspector, M. Griffin, D.,
100S Potrero avenue; judge, D. C. Coleman, D.,
2725 Bryant street; judge, Henry Burgess, R.,
Serpentine avenue, between Bryant and York
streets.
Ninth Precinct— lnspector. Timothy Donovan,
D., 111(1 Potrero avenue; Judge, Thomas D. Mc-
Kenna, D., 1345 San Bruno: judge. John J.
Kelly, R., southeast corner Utah and Twenty
third.
Tenth Precinct — Inspector, P. J. O'Donnell,
D.. SOS Missouri street: judge, James Glackin,
D., southwest corner Missouri and Twentieth;
Judge, John E. Koster. R.. 511 Connecticut.
Eleventh Precinct— lnspector. John Reidy, D.,
1504 Kentucky street; Judpc. Con Coakley, D.,
SOS lowa street; Judge, Harold Holman, R., 1530
Kentucky street.
Twelfth Precinct— lnspector. Michael MeNa
mara, D., 920 Illinois street; Judge. Timothy
Cronan, D., 3 Lena place; Judge, William J.
Carr, R., 511 Twentieth.
Thirteenth Preeiru-t— lnspector, M. C. Man
gels, D.. 1611 Eleventh street; judge, Thomas
Kelly, D.. Fourteenth avenue and P street;
Judge, Charles Consino, R., 814 Railroad ave
nue.
Fourteenth Precinct — Inspector, Patrick
O'Brien. D., 173? Eighteenth avenue; Judge,
Hermann Brlel, D., Fifteenth avenue and R
street: Judge, R. R. Sanchez. R., Fifteenth
avenue, bptween P and Q.
Fifteenth Precinct— ln^-vctor, W. P. Cleary,
D.. Sixth avenue and »'. street; Judgi\ J- J.
Reapan. D.. 1307 SlxC avenue; Judge, John
Mann. R., Twent; :.ith avenue, between H
and I streets.
THIRTY -FOURTH -iEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— lns^wtor, Hugh Kidd. D.,
1631H Howard street; Judge, O. H. McCallen,
D.. 206 Twelfth street: Judge, Louis Cella, R.,
23 Klssllng street.
Second Precinct— lnspector, W. G. Hughes,
D., 13 Lafayette street; Jud*e, C. H. Dunnlgan,
D.. 1002 Union street; judge, C. J. Peterson, R.,
142 Eleventh street.
Third Precinct- Inspector, John H. Colbert.
D., 112 Colton street: JudKe. George J. McGinn,
D., KM Twelfth street; Judge, John Keough,
R.. 1683 Market street.
Fourth Precinct— lnspector, Eugene Dcnohue,
D., 118 West Mission street; Judge, Joseph Mc-
Mahon, D., S2O Thirteenth street; judge, James
Smiley, R.. 11l Valencia street.
Fifth Precinct— lnspector. Joseph J. Nunan,
D., 41 West Mission street; Judge. John F?n
nell, D., 17 Glen Park; judge, Fred W. Franks,
R., 140 Twelfth street.
Sixth Precinct— lnspector, J. F. Grlffen, D.,
1714V4 Howard street: Judge, John Smith, D.,
1749 MlFslon street; judge, W. S. Metlar, R.,
1777 Mission street.
Seventh Precinct— lnspector. James Sorhan,
D., 6 Fourteenth street; judge, A. P, Murphy,
D., 32 Bernlce Btreet; Judge, William Bannon,
R., 352 Eleventh street.
Eighth Precinct— lnspector. James Killeen.
D.. Fourteenth and Shotwell streets; Judge. F.
C. Beck, D.. 110 Fourteenth street: Judge, Mor
ris Coleman, R., 21 Shotwell street.
Ninth Precinct— lnspector, Thomas Torpey.
D.. 1572 Fifteenth street; judge,, Arthur Nagel,
D., 1537>4 Natoma ftreet; judge, Charles Fish
er. R., 1506 Fifteenth street.
Tenth Precinct— lnspector. Patrick Whalen,
D.. 58 Hoff avenu.;; Judge, C. A. Lane, D.,
34 Hoff avenue; Judge, D. J. Kelly, R., 18 Ron
dell place.
Eleventh Precinct— lnspector, John "Huher,
D., 3144 Sixteenth street; Judge J. T. Farrell,
D., 442 Valencia street; Judge, William I's-sher,
R., 33 Albion avenue.
Twelfth Precinct— lnspector. William Maho
ney. D.. 24 Dearborn street; Judge, Daniel
Curry, D., 445 Guerrero street; Judge, An
drew D. In?, R., 10 Dearborn street.
Thirteenth Precinct— lnspector. Lucia Mar
tin, D.. 2134 Mission street; Judge, James T.
Gallagher, D., 33 Lexington avenue: Judge,
James Nolan, R., 22 Sycamore avenue.
Fourteenth Precinct— lnspector, W. H. Ben-
Bon. D.. 125 Capp street; judge, P.-S. Hlgglns,
D.. 130 Capp street; Judge, J. R. Klrby, R..
2013 Mission street.
Fifteenth Precinct— lnspector, John K.
O'Brien, D., 242 Shot well street; judge, Edward
de Jarnea, D., 9 Enterprise Btreet; Judge, E. W.
Eustace, R., 2041 Howard street.
Sixteenth Precinct — Inspector, J. W. Mc-
Guire. D., 3222 Twentieth street: Judge, Edward
B. O'Connor. D., 2303 Howard street; Judge,
J. P. H. Wentw.irth. R., 2320 Folsom street.
Seventeenth Precinct— lnspector, James Itl
ley P., 2112 Howard Btreet; Judge, J. E.
O'Brien, P.. 350 Capp street; Judge, H. L.
Beasly, R., 141 San Carlos avenue.
Eighteenth Precinct— lnspector, D. D. Keane.
r>., 226 San Carlos avenue; Judge, W. J. Fln
negan. P.. 279 Lexington avenue; judge,
Thomas O1O 1 Cornell, R., 160 Lexington avenue.
Nineteenth Precinct— lnspector, Michael Mur
phy, D., 3650 Twentieth street; Judge, M.
Grady. D.. 71S Valencia street; Judge, A. Re
pert. R.. 28 Lapldge street.
Twentieth Precinct— lnspector. Thomas Noq
nan, D.. 3007 Twentieth street; Judge. Gus Vl
denu. P., 320 Lexingt.n avenue; judge, C. S.
Packard, R., 916 Valencia street.
Twenty-first Precinct— Inspector, F. H. Merz
bach, D., 404 Capp street; Judge, William
Pwyer, D.. 2300 Howard street; Judge, Georse
Hall, R., 2517 Twentieth street.
THIRTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY PISTRICT.
First Precinct— lnspector, M. J. Flaherty,
P., £40 Chattanooga street; judge, J. "McAu
liflte. P., M 7 Church street; Judgf, Arthur Na
gle, R.. northwest corner Polores and Twenty
second streets.
Second Precinct — Inspecto--, John J. Wall,
P., 241 Fair Oaks street; judge, Eugene Jones,
D., 1122 Guerrero street; Judge, John Ganey,
R., Fair Oaka and Twenty-second streets.
Third Precinct— lnspector, Charles Pownes,
P.. 13 Elizabeth street; Judge. J. M. Ponlan,
P., 3523 Twenty-third street; Judge, James A.
Love, R.. 3303 Twenty-second street.
Fourth Precinct— lnspector, J. J. Dooley, P..
3SIB Twenty-second street; Judge, Thomas
Klnly, P., 3^ Hill street; Judge. Ed Senter, R..
3314 Twenty-second street.
Flf*rh Prt-clnct— lnspector. John O'Neil, P.,
JS32 Twenty-fourth street; judge. N. Wynne,
P., 2SIS Mission street; judge, W. W. Macpv,
R.. 2616 Mission street.
Sixth Precinct— lnspector, George Sweets*>r.
P.. 328« Twenty-fourth street; judge. Michael
McDonald, P., 2545 Mission street: Judge, Wal
ter M. Tllton. R., 618 Capp street.
Seventh Precinct— lnspector, >O. A. Schlamm.
P., 3326 Twenty-fifth street; Judge. Thomas
Mclaughlin, P., 932 Capp street; Judge, Joseph
McTiehe, R.. Capp and Twenty-fifth streets.
Eighth Precinct— lnspector, John Nnlan, P.,
357 San Jose avenue; judge, P. H. Sanders, I> ,
14SSB Valencia street; Judge, John Creamer,
R., 1419 Valencia street.
Ninth Precinct— lnspector, Thomas Brenr.an,
D., 7?5 San JoHe avenue: judge, John Btauey,
P., 3631 Army street; judpe, James de Succa.
R.. southwest corner Twenty-sixth and Mission
streets.
Tenth Precinct— lnspector, William J. Bell.
P.. 401 Banks street; Judge. Arthur Crocker.
P., 240 • Nevada street: Judge, Ed RosenberK,
R.. Twenty-elehth and Folsom streets.
Eleventh Precinct— lnsi>ector, Michael Klor
nan. P., 68 Bernal avenue; Judge. W. C. Brjm
fleld. P.. 2S Chapunepec street; Judge, John
Rutherford, R., «'oso avenue.
Twelfth Precinct — Inspector. William T.
Doolan, P., 3311 Mission street: Judge Ed J
Fay, P., 3263 Mission street; judge, John A.
Shepston, R., Chopultepec street.
Thirteenth Precinct— lnspector. James Clark,
D., 200 East avenue; Judgn, M. .1. Sullivan, P.,
709 Moultric street; Judge, Michael Fay, R.
Holly Park.
Fourteenth Precinct — Inspector, James O'Hal
loran. P.. 254 Silver avenue; Judge. L. DOOO
van, P., 285 Paris street: Judge, Frank Gnu-bo,
R.. northwest corner Pwlght and San Bruno
avenues.
THIRTY-SIXTH ASSEMBI/ST DISTRICT.
First Precinct— lnspector, Chris I^eavy, D.,
t South Broderlck street; Judgf, John McDon
ald, D., 138 Castro street; Judge, Charles Ellis,
R., 9 South Broderlck stn-et.
Second Precinct— lnspector, C. H. Bryan Jr.,
D.. 180 Henry xtreet; Judge. M. Maluch, D.. 234
Noe street; Judge, William Wright. It., 2218
Fifteenth 6treet.
Third Precinct — Inspector, Moec Blodes, D..
38 Sharon street; Judge, A. yon Bergen, R.,
1*66 Fifteenth street.
Fourth Precinct— lnspector, William J. Des
mond, L>.. 54 Dohone street; judge. William J.
Ford, D., 33 Hurdy street; Judge, Thomas 11.
Wagstaff, R.. 371 Sanchez street.
Fifth Precinct— lnspector, Jeremiah She<*hy,
D.. 3239 Sixteenth street; Judge, Thomas Phl'l
bln, D., 36 Dorland street; Judge, John L.
Heed, R., 5 Alemany street.
Sixth Precinct— lnspector. George Flnnegan,
D., 27 Ford street; judge, David Broderlck, I).,
3929 Eighteenth street; Judge, Alex Smith, R.,
3976 Nineteenth street.
Seventh Precinct— lnspector, Frank W. Law
lor, D.. 4032 Seventeenth street; Judge, Thomas
I. rillon. D., 4f184 Seventeenth Ftreet; Judge,
John R. Drew, R., 407 C Seventeenth street.
Eighth Precinct— lnspector, W. Crowley, D.,
4KH Twentieth street; Judge, George A. CloUKh,
D., '16 Noe street; Judge, John w. Koch, H.,
604 Liberty street.
Ninth Precinct— lnspector, Bert Morrison, D..
6.'.9 Not street; Judge. M. J. Vaughn, D. , 3942
Twenty-third etreet; judge, John J. Wood
house, R.. 36"R Twenty-first street.
Tenth Precinct— Inrpector. Charier, McChristle.
D 3751 Twentieth street; judge, Ed M. Hlg
glns D 36C. r . Nineteenth etreet; judge, W. H.
Murphy, R.. 1» liberty street.
Eleventh Precinct— lnspector, Charles Bcho
per D 214 Clipper Ftr>">t; Judge, Patrick De
fancy D. . IH6 Sanchez street; Judge, Patrick
II rieary R-. WB Sanchez street.
Twelfth Precinct— Innpector, J. O'Shaugh
nansy D., Twenty-second street, near r«stro;
judge- Fr^nk Ju'lson. D., 811 Alvnrado street;
Judge C. H. Hammltt, R., r,2S Alvarado street.
Thirteenth Precinct— Inspector, .lamoa McCor
mn"k D, 4419 Twenty-fourth street ; Juisg,\ J.
T Stanley, D.. 4148 Twenty-fourth street:
Judffe, Charles Bauer, R., 4115 Twenty-fourth
Fourteenth Precinct— Inspector, James H. Rl
ley D IMS Sanchez street; Judge. J. 11. Ber
kerikopt D.. 1512 Sanchez street; Judge, D. T.
gherrett R., *M Twenty-ninth street.
Fifteenth Precinct— Inspector, J. H. Guin
nane D 1571 church street; judge, Michael F.
Slattery D.. 30>A Twenty-eighth street; judge,
A yon Werthern. R., 1501 Church street.
Sixteenth Precinct— Inspector, Daniel Ward,
D northeast comer Ranches and Day streets;
Judge, James A. Hughes, p., 311 Duncan
street; Judge, James H. Walsh, R., 14m San
chez street. ,
Seventeenth Precinct— Inspector, John Mitch
ell V 51" Corbett avenue; Judge, Charles
Hiirger' D.. 1«3 Corbett avenue; Judge, Harry
O'Nell, R.. 20 Stanton rtrpet.
Eighteenth Precinct— Inspector. Julius Fran
kel D , Eleventh avenue and I, street; Judg",
Harrr O'Neill, D., corner Twentieth and Stun
yan strr-ets; Judge, J. W. Mayder, R., 1278
Stanyan street.
Nineteenth Precinct— Inspector, M. J. Rllpy,
D, 18 Chenery street; Judge, Robert Rhepston,
D. 82 Chenery street; judge, J. W. Horstman,
R., 7 Thirtieth street.
Twentieth Precinct— Inspector. F. J. Barrls,
D.. 179 Randall street; Judge, James Reynoldn,
D., 19 Harper street; Judge, Adolph G. Planer,
R., 70 Whitney street.
Twenty-first Precinct — Inspector, William
Cannon* D., 57R" Mission street: Judge. M.
O'llaro D., 50 Farallon street; Judge, Mar
tin M. Mlliett, H., 2306 San Jose avenue.
Twenty-second Precinct— lnspector, George 11.
Engel, D., 714 Capitol avenue; judge, Stephen
Mangan, D., Sadowa 6treet, between Capitol
avenue and Orizaba street; Judge, M. F. Tay
lor, R., 228 Sadowa Btreet.
THIRTY-SEVENTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— lnspector, H. Kelly, D.. 357
Hayes street; Judge, J. F. Sullivan, D., 357
Hayes street; Judge, R. V. Crosky, R., 237
Hayes street.
Second Prt-clnct— lnspector, J. G. Phelan, D.,
11 Van Ness avenue; Judge, Henry Ded.-rky,
D., 123 Fell street; Judge, J. P. S. Whyte, R.,
219 Fell street.
Third Precinct— lnspector, Thomas Sullivan,
D., ll*i Elgin Park, Judge, John Donohue, D.,
22 Haight street; Judge, G. H. Manlon, R., 138
Rose avenue.
Fourth Precinct— lnspector, John O'Connor,
D., 246H Oak i-treet; judge. James O'Reilly, D.,
16 Page Btreet; Judge, John V. Connlft, R.,
21 Franklin street.
Fifth Precinct— lnspector, Isaac I-.evy, D.,
420 I-2I -2 Hayes street; judge, Dennis Geran, D.,
469 Hayes street; Judge. P. W. Fowler, R., 307
Gouffh street.
Sixth Precinct— lnspector, Moses Stern, D.,
C 52 Hayes etreet: Judge, Simon Crozler, D., 626
Hayes street; judge, Charlea Easton, R., 610
Buchanan street.
Seventh Precinct— lnspector, James J. Bilvea,
D., 418 Fell street; Judge, W. P. Sullivan Sr..
D., 519 Grove street; Judge, E. J. Hughes, R.,
534 Hickory avenue.
Eighth Precinct— Inspector. John Hynes, D.,
408 Laguna street; Judge, Thomas A. King, D.,
30" Q*tavla street; judge, J. M. Geowey Jr.,
R., 300 Page street.
Ninth Precinct— lnspector, John Bovey, IX,
3 Pearl strcot; judge, E. T. O'Day, D., 24 Pearl
street; judge, William Borror, R., 119 Herman
street.
Tenth Precinct— John T. Cosgrove,
D., 426 Herman street; Judge, Ed F. Franks,
D.. 98 Fillmore street: Judge, William N.
Iberg, R., 60S Herman street.
Eleventh Precinct— lnspector, A. J. • Coyle,
D., 212 Waller street: Judge, W. L. Douterman
Jr.. D., 402 C Haight street; judge, John A.
Sandell, R., 456 Haight street.
Twelfth Precinct— lnspector, F. J. Monoghan,
D.. 729 Hayes street: Judge, William Hines, D.,
615 Fell street; judge, William J. Young, R.,
610 Fell street.
Thirteenth Precinct— lnspector, E. L. Wem
ple, D., 720 Stelner street; Judge, A. Llchten
stein, D.. 610 Oak street; Judge, Thomas Big
ley, R., 729 Fillmore street.
Fourteenth Precinct— lnspector, Charles H.
Armlnger, D., 134 Scott street; Judge, Thomas
J. Cleary, D., 818 Page street; Judge, N. C.
Toft. R., 440 Waller street.
Fifteenth Precinct— lnspector, S. Zemansky,
D., 714 Waller street; Judge, George B. Wilier,
D., 16 Devisadero street; Judge, E. T. Dudley,
R., 102 Devisadero street.
Sixteenth Precinct— lnspector. Francis Foley,
D., 1245 Hayes street; judge, John Walsh, D.,
333 Pierce street; fudge, C. L. Wetmore, R,.,
502 Broderick street.
Seventeenth — Inspector, James A.
Moorr, D., 147G Page street; Judge. James
Crichton, D., 109 Baker street; Judge, Jamea
W. Dlsbrow, R., 1107 Page street.
Eighteenth Precinct— lnspector, P. Connor,
D., 522 Haight street; judge, William Cardoza,
D., 922 Hafeht. street; Judge, James G. Boobar,
R.. 313 Scott street.
Nineteenth Precinct— Inspector, G. S. Pray,
D 321 Lyon street; Judge, I. Splro, D., 406 Cen
tral avenue; Judge, J. F. Sheehan, R., 309 Lyon
street.
Twentieth Precinct — Inspector, William
O'Brien, D., 1609 Oak street: Judge, Thomas J.
White. D.. 419 Clayton street; Judge, George
Cornard, R., southwest' corner Clayton and
Waller. . ■ \. - . :
Twenty-first Precinct— P. W. Quig
ley, D., First avenue and H street; Judge,
Richard Cullen. D.. Third avenue, near I street;
Judge, Edward Fleming, R., southeast corner
Haight and Stanyan.
THIRTY-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— lnspector, James A. Lynch.
D.. 1104 Gough street: Judge, A. Eber. D., 1021
Ellis street; judge, J. F. Harvey, R., 824 Turk
street. . ■ \ _
Second Precinct— lnspector, Joseph Dwyer.
D . 730 Golden Gate avenue; Judge, John Mc-
Carty, D. 713 Franklin street; Judge, Edward
Kerdell, R., 717 Golden Gate avenue.
Third Precinct— lnspector. A. Rosenberg. D.,
631 McAllister street: Judge. George S. Driscoll.
D., 229 Fulton street; Judge, Charles P. Mc-
Carthy, R.. 224 Birch avenue.
Fourth Precinct— lnspector, Emlle C. Wolf.
D., 303 Fulton street; Judge, Thomas J.
Cooney, D., 517 Fulton street; Judge, Daniel
Zelmer. R., 52S Grove street. .
Fifth Precinct— lnspector. H. Armer, D., (27
McAllister street; judge, I. G. Peterson. D.,
422 Fulton street: Judge, George Tantau, R.,
713 McAllister street.
Sixth Precinct— Inspector, Jacob Gans, D.,
1335 Ellis street; Judge, J. L. Serf. D.. 1315
Ellis street; Judge, Charles Z. Soule. R., 1330
Ellis street. 1 •
Seventh Precinct— lnspector, Louis Houser,
D. 1410 Ellis street; Judge, A. McDonald, D..
700 Willow avenue; Judge, Hickman Ehle, R. t
1509V4 Ellis street.
Eighth Precinct— lnspector, Daniel Hayes.
D., 1224 Buchanan street: judge, David Conn.
D., 11284 Turk street; Judge, Sol Shipper, R.,
1221 Buchanan street. ■
Ninth Precinct— lnspector, J. J. Flynn. D.,
1010 McAllister street- judge, J. J. Dignan. D.,
926 McAllister street; Judge, John J. Conlon,
R., IPOS 1 * Buchanan street. •;;■■-<-:•-•;•-'■
Tenth "Precinct— Inspector, J. D. Meyer, D.,
1015 McAllister street: judge. J. L. Murphy. D.,
654 Fulton street; judge, J. C. Bernstein, R.,
718 Fulton street. '_ ■_ ■
Eleventh Precinct— lnspector, J. K. O'Brien.
D. 802 Fulton street; Judge, A. Asher, D..
1331H Golden Gate avenue; Judge, J. T. O'Brien.
R.. 802 Fulton street. -'.• •.-.• •_ .? ..
Twelfth Precinct— Inspector, J. D. Powers.
D., 922 Pierce street; Judge. Aaron Welner.
D 1421 Golden Gate avenue; Judge, John
Egan, R., 1603 Golden Gate avenue. ?
Thirteenth Precinct— lnspector, J. D. Welch.
D. 1520 Eddy street; Judge. P. J. Whelan, D.,
1516 Eddy street; Judge, - John D. Nolan, R..
1540 Eddy street. ■ ■
Fourteenth Precinct— lnspector. P. Barrett,
D. 1209 Devisadero street; Judge, Frank Smith,
P., 1313 Devlsadero street; Judge, Charles S.
Harris, R., 1!'21 Ellis street.
Fifteenth Precinct— Inspector, P. A. Kenne
dy, D.. 1703 Eddy street; Judge, J. C. Collins,
R., 1*29 Eddy street.
Sixteenth Precinct— lnspector, E. F. L«?n
non D., 1793 McAllister street; Judge, William
Watson, D.. 1620 McAllister street; Judge,
George Sharp. R.. 1728 Golden Gate avenue.
Seventeenth Precinct— lnspector, L. G. Shaw,
D 1914 Golden Gate avenue: Judge, M. Heber
g-pr D 1926 Golden Gate avenue; Judge, Fred
C. Klein, R.. 625 Lyon street.
Eighteenth Precinct — Inspector, Joseph
O'Brien, D..-SE. corner of McAllister street
and First avenue; judge. C. F. Buckley, D., 24
Aldlne street: Judge. George- S. Mathews, R.,
2111 Golden Gate avenue.
THIRTY-NINTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— lnspector, John Moran, D.,'
113 Grove street; Judge, L. Bramson, D., 120U
Hayes street; Judge, E. J. Fitzgerald, R., 149
Grove street. -'"•''.. '
- Second Precinct— lnspector, J. E. Curran, D.,
300 Van Ness avenue: Judge, J. T. Miller, D.,
131 Larkln Btreet; judge, J. N. Fitzgerald, R.,
15 Fulton street.
Third Precinct— Edward Healy, D.,
KM Hayes street; Judge, John Manning, D.,
1362 A Market street; judge, A. L. Hart Jr., R..
St. Nicholas Hotel. •
Fourth Precinct— lnspector, Frank Conklln,
D., 333 Golden Gate avenue; Judge. Clltus Bar
bour D., 214 McAllister street; judge, David
Meeker, R., 13« McAllister street.
Fifth Precinct— ln»p«>ctor, Michael Heron, D..
316 Golden Gate avenue: Judge, W. J. Scanlan.
D., 247 Turk street; Judge, Thomas F. McGee,
R.. 83fi Turk street.
Sixth Precinct— lnspector, U. M. Benjamin,
I. 211V4 Jones street; Judge, J. L. Ferran, D.,
300% Turk street; judge. J. R. Craig, R., 495
Eddy street.
Seventh Precinct— lnspector, Charles Kane,
D.. 517 Ellis street; judge, J. F. Bol
ster, D., 536 Ellis street; Judge. A. N. Ayrea,
R., 301 Leavenworth street.
Eighth Precinct— lnspector,Frank Mahnn. D..
1 Hyde place; judge, J. Ford, D.. 635 Ellis
street; judge. D. Skillen, R., 504 Larkin street.
Ninth Precinct— lnspector, Jacob Harris, D.,
422 Golden Gate, avenue; judge. J. M. Custer,
D.. 305 Larkin street; judge, Robert Ellis, R.,
511 Turk street. "
Tenth Precinct— lnspector, W. D. Farran, D..
634 Polk street; Judge, John C. Talbot, D., 61*
Eddy street; Judge, Amos Currier, R., 611 Polk
street. .
Eleventh Precinct— lnspector, E. E. Maize,
D.. 708 Ellis street: Judge, J. O. Redmond, D.,
741 Ellis street; judge, L. 11. Breidensteln, R.,
5 Willow avenue. •
Twelfth — Inspector, Jamee Clancy,
D.. SISVs Larkln street; judge, L. Craokbone.
D., southeast corner Larlcln and .O'Farrell
streets; Judge. E. 11. Coffee, R., 704 Larkin
street. .
Thirteenth Precinct— lnspector, L. H. Koz
mlnsky, P.. 301 .Tones street; Judge, L F. Comp
ton, D., 334 Eddy street; Judge, George J.
Strong, R., 338 Eddy street.
- Fourteenth Precinct— lnspector, D. Becker,
D., 837 Sutter street; judge, E. Cahalln, D..
621 Jones street; Judge, Louis Rosenberg, R.,
592 O'Farrell street.
Fifteenth Precinct— lnspector, G. T. Jud<J, D.,
731 Geary street; Judge. Ed P. Flgel, D., south
west corner Geary and Leavenworth streets;
Judge". Davitl L. Reynolds, R., 512 Hyde 'street.
Sixteenth Precinct— lnspector. F. Sterns, D.,
611 Hyde street; Judge. Thomas Fttzslmmons,
D., 916 Poet street; judge, Thomas S. Mulvey.
R.. 1112 Larkin street. ,
Seventeenth Precinct— lnspector, Henry Bla
ADVERTISEMENTS. .„- /
0 Si II W! Q
HAVE THEM TREATED, V without pain at
r^ ; v FILLED, ' I ; --."I /
CROWNED > ■ ;„.■■ /2 ;,
EXTRACTED J THE USUAL COST.
I PLATES, WARRANTED TO FIT. with Free Extraction, from .................. $4.50 I
GOLD FILLINGS from ...........:.:..;...;.; .. .......:;...\. :.....;....:.;;.. 75 C I
BRIDOEWORK A SPECIALTY (PER .TOOTH);-PR0M:.v...;.-:v..V..;..:.....:;./:.'.$3.B0 I
TEETH EXTRACTED WITHOUT PAIN.
NO GAS! NO CHLOROFORM! ?•
ALL WORK WARRANTED. - OPEN EVENINGS. ' SUNDAYS 8 TILL 2
0, vT. S. HIGGINS. D.D.S. B^^H
METROPOLITAN DENTAL PARLORS, |jlI
9:27 MARKET STREET, WL MM
Over Cafe ZinkanH. Fifth Floor-Elevator. BBMMWb
ney, D.. SOB O'Farrell street; judge. Jacob
Asher, D., 908 OTarrell street; Judge, Joseph
Afeld, R., 806 Larkin street. _,
Eighteenth Precinct— lnspector, H. L. Bien
fleld, D., 35 Cedar avenue; Judge, S. Solomon,
D., 813 Polk street; judge, WJlliam McKenzle,
R., 91& Geary street.
NlneteenthPreclnet— lnspector, Charles Levey,
D., 1118 Butter street; judge, Louis Kline, D.,
1210 Polk street; judge, B. L. McKlnley, R..
1423 Bush street. *
Twentieth Precinct— lnspector, Arthur Law
son, D., 3SIC Larkin street; Judge, Robert &.
Murray, D.. 1232 Bush street; Judge, D. Eng
lish, R., 1452 California street.
Twenty-first Precinct— lnspector. Robert No
lan, D., 1613 California street; judge, Dennis
Mahoney, D.. 1513 Polk street; judge, George
T. McGinness, R,, 1604 California street.
FORTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— lnspector, H. S. Foot Jr., D.,
1921 Sacramento street; judge, Edward Ben
nett, D., 1604 Bush street; Judge, H. B. Slo
comb, R., 212 Austin avenue.
Second Precinct— lnspector, Robert Haight,
D., 1413 Van Ness avenue; Judge, B. Strauss,
D., 1324 Sutter street; Judge, O. M. Bettman,
R., 1355 Post street.
Third Precinct— lnspector. William J. Rlor
dan, D., 1415 Post street; judge, I. Friedman,
D., 1411 Octavla street.
Fourth Precinct— lnspector, J. H. Sinclair,
D., 1710 Buchanan street; Judge, P. W. De
Arcy, D., 1844 Sutter street; judge, Henry
Thompson, R.. 609 Walnut street.
JFlfth Precinct.— lnspector, Charlea C. Wil
son. D., 1344 California street; Judge, Louia
Joseph. D., 1534 Bi-sh street.
Sixth Precinct— lnspector, John O'Connor, D.,
1908 Buchanan street; Judge, Moses Franks, D.,
1819 Laguna street; Judge, R. B. Snodgrass,
R., 1824 Webster street.
Seventh Precinct— lnspector, J. C. Maedon*
aid, D., 2517 Sacramento street; judge, J. W.
Seammell, D. , 2113 Flllmore street; Judge, P.
Shaen, R., 2440 California street.
Eighth Precinct — Inspector, William H.
James, D., 2209 Pine street; judge, Matthew
Brady, D., 2301 Pine street; Judge, A. Levy,
R., 2224 Bush street.
Ninth Precinct— lnspector, E. L. Manning,
D.. 1609 Geary street; Judge, Samuel Wise, D.,
1401 Webstor street: Judge, J. D. Schroeder,
R., 1600 Geary street.
Tenth Precinct— lnspector, Isaac Phllllpson,
D., 1931 Geary street; Judge, H, J. Henschen,
D., 1527 Steiner street; judge, Edward A. Bul
lls, R., 1541 Steiner street.
Eleventh Precinct — Inspector, J. E. White,
D., 2315 Bush street: Judge, P. W. Jones, D.,
2629 Bush street; Judge, R. H. McPherson, R.,
170" Devlsadero street.
Twelfth Precinct lnspector, Thomas Moore,
D., 2811 Sacramento street; Judge, James H.
Kelly, D., 1810 Devisadero street; Judge, J. H.
Sharp, R.. 2414^ Pine street.
Thirteenth Precinct— lnspector, George W. V.
McGinn. D., 1714 Broderlek street: Judge, S.
M. Bauer, D., 1829 Davlsadero street; Judge,
Phillip Murphy, R.. 2752 Bush street.
Fourteenth Precinct— lnspector, Thomas H.
Brady,- D., 2228 Geary street. Judge, Fred
Grote, D.. 2230 Geary street; Judge, H. L.
Movers, R., 2133 Geary street.
Fifteenth Precinct— lnspector, James Casey,
D.. 2485 Post street: Judge. Julius H»yman, D.,
2482 ■ Post street; judge, John E. Martin, R.,
2584 Post street.
Sixteenth Precinct— jr. W. Carter,
P., 2919 Pine street; Judge, Thomas MeFadden,
D., 1418 Devisadero street: Judge. P. D.
Brooks, R.. 2919 A Pine street.
Seventeenth Precinct— Frank Mo-
Laughlln, D.. 2 Boyce street; judee, Henry
Pahl. D., 641 Point Lobos avenue; Judge, Harry
Horw-ege. R.. 2501 Geary street.
Eighteenth Precinct— lnspector W. E. Hen
derson. P.. 255 Parker avenue; Judge, H. B.
Buckley, D., 112 Clement street; Judge E. F.
Brown. R.. 429 First avenue.
Nineteenth Precinct— John Slat
tery. P.. 435 Seventh avenue; Judge. Thomas
Farrell. P.. 2002 Point Tyhos avenue; ' Judge,
Charles Whitman. R., 226 Sixth avenue.
Twentieth Precinct— lnspector, Marke Oreelv,
P., 3118 Point Lobos avenue: ju,3<;e. F. G.
Heaney, P., 344 Twenty-second avenue; Judsre,
Charles Cassldy. R., 3104 Point Lobos avenue.
FORTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— lnspector, Samuel Polack, D..
14L r > Jackson street; Judge, F. W. Smith. P.,
1810 Larkln street; Judge. Charles Matthews,
R.. H25 Jackson street.
Second Precinct— lnspector, Joseph J. Coyle
D.. 1130 Filbert street: Judge. Patrick Harran,
D.. IPIC Hyde street; judge, William R. Xixon,
R.. 121S Vallejo street.
Third Precinct— lnspector, J. H. Hessler. P..
1201 Union street; Judge, J. J. Ouilfoyle. D., 14
Russell Btreet; Judge, Albert Hansen, R., 1229
Union strept.
Fourth Precinct — Inspector, Robert E Lyon,
P.. 1220 Filbert street; Judge, Miles Alhnan," !>.,
122<R Lombard street; judge, John Corbett, R.^
1014 Lombard street.
Fifth I'reclnet— lnspector. R. J. BPlllngham,
P.. 2110V4 Ilarkin street: Judpe. James McCon
nell, D.. 120!* Green street; Judge, P. P. Horn.
R.. I!>2S Larkln street.
Sixth Precinct— lnspector, S. Schnalttacher,
P.. 1913 Van Nrss avenue; Judge. Dr. T. F.
Mahoney. D., northwest corner Washington and
Polk: Judge, A. M. Stevensin, R., 153S Jackson
street.
Seventh Precinct — Inspector, A. F. Carmody,
P., 1613 Larkin street; Judge, William McMann,
D., 1711 Washington street: Judge, Joseph M.
Daly, R., 1642 Sacramento street.
Eighth Precinct— lnspector, J. M. Canaran,
D., 1901 Pacific Btreet: judge, Joseph Greenberg,
D.. 22*3 Franklin straet.
Ninth Precinct— lnspector, S. Harris Smith.
P.. Mil fifty street; judge. John 8. Huff, P.,
2415 Cl*y street.
Tenth Precinct— lnspector, Jnhn C. Brelman,
P.. 2fi22 Hough street: Judge. Howard Foley, D.,
221", Polk street; judge, Irvine Graham, R., 1716
Vallejo street.
Eleventh Precinct— lnspector, William Wright,
P.. 310S Buchanan street; Judge. Daniel Cole
man, P., 3112 Webster strer-t: judse, Charles
11. Long. R., IMS I-Kimbard street.
Twelfth Precinct — Inspector, Frank Hatmnn,
D, 21;'O Filbert street: judge, William Crede.
P., 3400 Flllmore stroet : Judge, Harper Wilkin
son. R., 2. r »r.ri Flllmore street.
Thirteenth I'recinct— lnspector, Thomas F.
Boyle, D., 2027 Vallejo street: Judge, Michael
M. Coy, D., 1896 Union street: Judge, Charles
Burdette, R.. 2512 I<aguna street.
Fourteenth Precinct— lnspector. Henry Young,
P., 2015 Filbert street; Judge, Theodore Fiala,
D., 2044 Union street.
Fifteenth Precinct— lnspector, Chester W.
Keogh, P.. IM2 Clay street; Judge, J. .1. Mur
phy, P., 261S Sacramento street; judge, Lipp
man Elias, R.. 2,"29 Washington street.
Sixteenth Precinct— lnspector, William H.
Deegan, P.. 291S Washington street; Judge, John
R. Bnlrtl. P.. 2M;; Pacific street.
Seventeenth Precinct — Inspector, J. J. Mc-
Manus, D., 3315 Clay street; Judge, James
Curry, P.. 2835 Washington stroet; Judge,
William J. Kelly, R.. 3317 <'lay street.
Eighteenth Precinct— lnspector, Panlel Shea,
P.,' southwest corner Jefferson and Broderlck;
Judge, James T. Cosgrove, P., North Point, be
tween Pcvisadero and Broderlck; Judge, Rich
ard J. Rice, R., 2903 Baker street.
Nineteenth Precinct— lnspector, J. P. Mc-
Sweeney, P., 3940 Clay street; judge, Evans
Batten, P.. 106 Cherry street; judge, Daniel
O'Connor, R., 3645 Sacramento street.
FORTT-SECONP ASSEMBLY PISTRICT.
First Precinct— lnspector, John Miles, D.,
23 Turk street; Judge, George Miller, D., 122$
Market street; Judge, Robert E. Low, R., 12u
Jones street.
Second Precinct— lnspector, Harry Hamilton.
D., l\i Mason street; Judge, George Kelly, D.,
106 Eddy street; judge, Harry C. Gtlmore, R.,
6 Turk street.
Third Precinct— lnspector, Andrew Olsen, D.,
109 Taylor street; judge, Henry Kleter, L>.,
317 Ellis street; Judge, J. W. Donnelly, It.,
218 Eddy street.
Fourth Precinct — Inspector, James Hudson,
D., 319 O'Farrell street; Judge, J. F. Macklin,
D., 3^7 O'Farrell street; judge, W. J. Hudson,
R., 319 O" Farrell street.
Fifth Precinct— lnspector, A. T. Patton, D.,
510 Taylor street; judge, B. Angonnett, D.,
506 Post street; judge, George E. Allen, H.,
418 Geary street.
Sixth Precinct— lnspector, George Gordan,
D., 571 Geary street; Judge, John MeGowan,
D., 9 William street; judge, Joseph L. Pecker
man. R., 506 Jones street.
Seventh Precinct— lnspector, James Gibbons,
D.. 22 Lewis street; Judge, George Concalves,
D., 12 Lewi* street; Judge, H. C. Birdsall, R..
897 Btifch street.
Eighth Precinct— lnspector, Patrick Boland,
D-, 1023 Bush street; judge, James McCarthy,
I)., 1008 Bush street; Judge, 11. J. Gerdes, R.,
Pleasanton Hotel.
Ninth Precinct— lnspector, D. Gallagher, D.,
CU Leroy place; judge, W. Disturnell, D.,
1204 I^eavonworth street; Judge, P. D. Mc-
Partland. R., IS Reed street.
Tenth Precinct— lnspector, Curtis Hillyer,
D., 912 Bush street; Judge, Charles Cathcart,
D., 803 Mason street; judge, Howard Harron,
R.. Xl Bush street.
Eleventh Precinct — Inspector, Charles A.
Flynn, P., 75 Pleasant street; Judge, Alexander
Garrand, D., 19 Yerba Buena street; judge,
John A. Emerson, R.. 1203 Taylor street.
Twelfth Precinct— lnspector, James Boyland,
D., 8 Auburn street: Judge, John Murray, D.,
Continued on Page Fourteen.
ADVEBTISBMENTS.
IrapTi
PRECINCT REGISTRATION.
Office of the Registrar of Voters of the
City and County of San Francisco.
Notice is hereby given that the Boards
of Precinct Registration for the general
election to be held on Tuesday, the Bth
day of November, A. D. 1898, will meet
in their respective precincts for the regis-
tration of voters and such other purposes
as are prescribed by law, on "Wednes-
day, August 10, 1898, from 9 o'clock a. m.
until 10 o'clock p. m. daily for five (5)
days, until and including Monday, August
15, 1898. on which day all registration
closes.
All electors who have not been regis-
tered for said general election are hereby
invited to present themselves for regis-
tration.
The Boards of Precinct Registration will
sit as above for the purpose of register-
ing all legal and qualified voters residing
in their precincts who have not regist-
ered at the office of the Registrar of
Voters since June 1, 1898.
Any person who has not registered
since June 1, 1898, and fails to register
at the Boards of Precinct Registration
of the precinct in which he resides will
be debarred the privilege df voting at
such election.
In accordance with section 21 of the
"Act to Regulate the Registration of
Voters," etc., the following places have
been secured for the sessions of the
Boards of Precinct Registration:
REGISTRATION PLACES.
Election November 8, 1898.
TWENTY-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct— 43o Folsom.
Second Precinct— 2l6 Steuart.
Third Precinct— 4o3 Harrison.
Fourth Precinct — 415 Folsom.
Fifth Precinct— 266 First.
Sixth Precinct— 6o3 Howard.
Seventh Precinct— lG2 First.
Eighth Precinct— l3l Second.
Ninth Precinct— ll2A Firßt.
Tenth Precinct— s62 Mission.
Eleventh Precinct— s6 Second.
Twelfth Precinct— 437 Third.
Thirteenth Precinct— 32 Hunt.
Fourteenth Precinct— £6s Howard.
Fifteenth Precinct— 24l Third.
Sixteenth Precinct— 4os Third.
TWENTY-NINTH ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct— 32B Jessie.
Second Precinct— 66 Fourth.
Third Precinct^343 Jessie.
Fourth Precinct— ll4% Fourth.
Fifth Precinct— 79l Mission.
Sixth Precinct— 222 Natoma.
Seventh Precinct— 3l3 Minna.
Eighth Precinct— 7s7B Howard.
Ninth Precinct— So4 Folsom.
Tenth Precinct— 7l6 Folsom.
Eleventh Precinct— 7s3 Folsom.
Twelfth Precinct— Bo3 Folsom.
Thirteenth Precinct— 4o6 Fourth.
Fourteenth Precinct— 36o Third.
Fifteenth Precinct— lo7 Fourth.
Sixteenth Precinct^J24 Third.
Seventeenth Precinct— 493 Fourth.
THIRTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— 2s% Sixth.
Second Precinct— 36 Sixth.
Third Precinct— loo 6 Mission.
Fourth Precinct— 44o Minna.
Fifth Precinct— lo4o Howard.
Sixth Precinct — 445 Minna.
Seventh Precinct— 9s9 Howard.
Eighth Precinct— lo9l Howard.
Ninth Precinct— 2ls Sixth.
Tenth Precinct— 336 Sixth.
Eleventh Precinct— 327 Sixth.
Twelfth Precinct— 44l Sixth.
Thirteenth Precinct— 92l Harrison.
Fourteenth Precinct— 4lo Sixth.
THIRTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— 3l Eighth.
Second Precinct— l24B Mission.
Third Precinct— l 249 Mission.
Fourth Precinct— l 24 Eighth.
Fifth Precinct— l 74 Seventh.
Sixth Precinct— l32B Howard.
Seventh Precinct— l 437 Mission.
Eighth Precinct— 2o4 Ninth.
Ninth Precinct— l23s Howard.
Tenth Precinct — 666 Clementina,
Eleventh Precinct— llll Howard.
Twelfth Precinct— 4B9 Eighth.
Thirteenth Precinct— ll6l Folsom.
Fourteenth Precinct— l2ls Folsom.
Fifteenth Precinct— 426 Ninth.
Sixteenth Precinct— l4o7% Folsom.
THIRTY-SECOND ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Irecinct— F>29 Second.
Second Precinct— 344 Brannan.
Third Precinct— 6oB Third.
Fourth Precinct— sl4 Third.
Fifth Precinct— 4s2 Brannan.
Sixth Precinct— s3S Fourth.
Seventh Precinct— s2s Sixth.
Eighth Precinct— B3l Bryant.
Ninth Precinct— 7os Brannan.
Tenth Precinct— so 4% Ninth.
Eleventh Precinct— l 924 Bryant.
Twelfth Precinct— lsl4 Twentieth.
Thirteenth Precinct— lll2 Kentucky.
THIRTY-THIRD . ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct— 3ool Twentieth.
Second Precinct— 3o26 Twenty-second.
Third Precinct— 3l42 Twenty-fourth.
Fourth Precinct— 29ll Harrison.
Fifth Precinct— 29s2 Twenty-fourth.
Sixth Precinct— S. W. corner Twenty-
third and Alabama.
Seventh Precinct— 23o3 Bryant.
Eighth Precinct— 27o2 Twenty-fourth.
Ninth Precinct— l3o6 San Bruno.
Tenth Precinct— lsol Twentieth.
Eleventh Precinct — 807 Twenty-second.
Twelfth Precinct— N. W. corner Twen-
ty-second and Michigan.
Thirteenth Precinct— 6o4 Railroad aye.
Fourteenth Precinct— l2o6 Railroad aye.
Fifteenth Precinct— l4ll Railroad aye.
THIRTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct— l6l2% Folsom.
Second Precinct— l 34 Eleventh.
Third Precinct— lssl Market.
Fourth Precinct— lll Valencia.
Fifth Precinct— l64B Mission.
Sixth Precinct— l7l3 Mission.
Seventh Precinct— l6o9 Folsom.
Eighth Precinct— l Bos Howard.
Ninth Precinct— lB4B Howard.
Tenth Precinct— 3o93 Sixteenth.
Eleventh Precinct— 442 Valencia.
Twelfth Precinct— 6o6 Valencia.
Thirteenth Precinct— 2l23 Mission.
Fourteenth Precinct— 29ls Sixteenth.
Fifteenth Preclnct-2SSO Sixteenth.
Sixteenth Precinct— 3336 Twentieth.
Seventeenth Precinct-*-2239 Mission.
Eighteenth Precinct— S2s Valencia.
Nineteenth Precinct— B4B Valencia,
Twentieth Precinct— 9l4 Valencia.
Twenty-first Precinct— 33ol Nineteenth.
THIRTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct— 37B" Twenty-fourth.
Second Precinct— 3449 Twenty-second.
Third Precinct— l 344 Valencia.
Fourth Precinct— 94s Guerrero.
Fifth Precinct— 262B Mission.
Sixth Precinct— 273s Mission.
Seventh Precinct— 32o4 Twenty-fourth.
Eighth Precinct— l4l6 Valencia.
Ninth Precinct— 33l6 Mission.
Tenth Precinct— soo Precita avenue.
Eleventh Precinct— 3lsl Mission.
Twelfth Precinct— 32Bl Mission.
Thirteenth Precinct— 36Bl Mission.
Fourteenth Precinct— 4sll Mission.
THIRTY-SIXTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— 42o6 Seventeenth.
Second Precinct— 226 Noe.
Third Precinct— 2l3 Church.
Fourth Precinct 3439 Sixteenth.
Fifth Precinct— 392 Dolores.
Sixth Precinct — 606 Church.
Seventh Precinct— s24 Castro.
Eighth Precinct— N. E. corner Nine-
teenth and Castro.
Ninth Precinct— 94o Sanchez.
Tenth Precinct— 36o7 Eighteenth.
Eleventh Precinct— 3B4s Twenty-fourth.
Twelfth Precinct— Bll Alvarado.
Thirteenth Precinct— l3lo Castro.
Fourteenth Precinct — 409 Clipper.
Fifteenth Precinct— l2s Twenty-eighth.
Sixteenth Precinct— N. W. corner Valley
and Church.
hcventeenth Precinct — 4304 Twenty-first
Eighteenth Precinct— S. E. corner X and
Tenth avenue.
Nineteenth Precinct— l 9 Thirtieth.
Twentieth Precinct— l 2-14 French.
Twenty-first Precinct— S. W. corner
Ocean avenue and San Jose road.
Twenty -second Precinct— 9 Plymouth
avenue.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THIRTY-SEVENTH ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct— 3B7 Hayes.
Second Precinct— lS2B Market.
Third Precinct— l 43 Page.
Fourth Precinct— N. E. corner Page and
Octavia.
Fifth Precinct— 47s Hayes.
Sixth Precinct— 6o7 Laguna.
Seventh Precinct— slB Laguna.
Eighth Precinct— 2lo Lily avenue.
Ninth Precinct— 2ls3 Market.
Tenth Precinct— US Fiilmore.
Eleventh Precinct— 4s6 Haight.
Twelfth Precinct— 62l Buchanan.
Thirteenth Precinct— 6o6 Fiilmore.
Fourteenth Precinct— 627 Haight.
Fifteenth Precinct— l2s Devisadero.
Sixteenth Precinct — 416 Devisadero.
Seventeenth Precinct— l 399 Haight.
Eighteenth Precinct— 323 Devisadero.
Nineteenth Precinct— 3o3% Broderick.
Twentieth Precinct— l 929 Oak.
Twenty-first Precinct— S. B. corner
Haight and Stanyan.
THIRTY-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct— 7o2 Turk.
St-cond Precinct— 6o6 McAllister.
Third Precinct— 647 McAllister.
Fourth Precinct— 337 Fulton.
Fifth Precinct— 7o9 McAllister.
Sixth Prec.nct— l27o Eddy.
Seventh Precinct— ls29 Ellis.
Eighth Precinct— l 344 Turk.
Ninth Precinct— llo6 Golden Gateavenuft-
Tenth Precinct— Bl7 Laguna,
Eleventh Precinct— B2l Webster.
Twelfth Precinct— ls7l Turk.
Thirteenth Precinct— l 229 Stelner.
Fourteenth Precinct— l2o9 Devisadero.
Fifteenth Precinct— l6l3 Turk.
Sixteenth Precinct— l4B4 Fulton.
Seventeenth Precinct— 2oo3 Golden Gatl
avtnue.
Eighteenth Precinct— 2s44 McAllister.
THIRTY-NINTH ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRIBT.
First Precinct— l 26 Hayes.
Second Precinct— l3l Larkin.
Third Precinct— 36 Grove,
Fourth Precinct— 333 Golden Gate avenue*
Fifth Precinct— 3l4 Golden Gate avenue.
Sixth Precinct— 329 Eddy.
Seventh Precinct— so 2 Ellis.
Eighth Precinct— (3s Ellis.
Ninth Precinct— 3o7 Larkin.
Tenth Precinct— so 3 Larkin.
Eleventh Precinct— 7oo Eddy.
Twelfth Precinct— 7o2 Larkin.
Thirteenth Precinct— 42l Jones.
Fourteenth Precinct— S. E. Corner Geary
and Leavenworth.
Fifteenth Precinct— 796A Geary.
Sixteenth Precinct— lU32 Sutter.
Seventeenth Precinct— So2 O'Farrell.
Fiighteenth Precinct— loos Post.
Nineteenth Precinct— l 224 Polk.
Twentieth Precinct— l4s2 California.
Twenty-first Precinct— ls2l California.
FORTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— l 629 Pine.
Second Precinct— lJ29 Bush.
Third Precinct— l6C9 Post.
Fourth Precinct— l6o2 Laguna.
Fifth Precinct— lBl4 Laguna,
Sixth Precinct— 2ll3 Pine.
Seventh Precinct— 2oo7% Fillmore.
Eighth Precinct— l9o4 Fillmore.
Ninth Precinct— l6l9 Buchanan.
Tenth Precinct— l62s Fillmore.
Eleventh Precinct— l7o3 Devisadero.
Twelfth Precinct— 2oo2 Devisadero.
Thirteenth Precinct— 292s California.
Fourteenth Precinct— 222S Geary.
Fifteenth Precinct— 2s33 Sutter.
Sixteenth Precinct— 29o3 Pine.
Seventeenth Precinct— l4so Central aye.
Eighteenth Precinct— l2o9 Point Lobos.
Nineteenth Precinct— N. W. corner
Ninth and Point Lobos avenues.
Twentieth Precinct— 3l24 Point Lobos.
FORTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— l4ls Jackson.
Second Precinct— l7o2 Hyde.
Third Precinct— l9os Hyde.
Fourth Precinct— 26ol% Hyde.
Fifth Precinct— 2lu3 Larkln.
Sixth Precinct— l6o6 Pacific avenue.
Seventh Precinct— l7oB Polk.
Eighth Precinct— 2o29 Pacific avenue.
Ninth Precinct— 2322 Fillmore.
Tenth Precinct— lBl3 Vallejo.
Eleventh Precinct— S. E. corner Octavla
and Greenwich.
Twelfth Precinct— 3001% Webster.
Thirteenth Precinct— l 942 Union.
Fourteenth Precinct— 2sls Fillmore (rear).
Fifteenth Precinct— 26oo% Sacramento.
Sixteenth Precinct— 2926A Washington.
Seventeenth Precinct— 293l Washington.
Eighteenth Precinct— 27ss Greenwich.
Nineteenth Precinct— 3647 Sacramento.
FORTY-SECOND ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct— l3l Turk.
Second Precinct— 224 Taylor.
Third Precinct— l 37 Taylor.
Fourth Precinct— 3l7*4 O'FarrelL
Fifth Precinct— 3lo O'Farrell.
Sixth Precinct— sBl Geary.
Seventh Precinct— 6o6 Post.
Eighth Precinct— l23s% Pine.
Ninth Precinct — 1381 Sacramento.
Tenth Precinct— N. W. corner Pine an
Mason (booth).
Eleventh Precinct— llo2 Clay.
Twelfth Precinct— lo23 Pacific.
Thirteenth Precinct— lo26 Hyde.
Fourteenth Precinct— l42G Washington.
Fifteenth Precinct— l 237 Broadway.
FORTY-THIRD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— 9 Eddy.
Second Precinct— lo7 Powell.
Third Precinct— 392 Geary.
Fourth Precinct— 222 Stockton.
Fifth Precinct— 3o2 Stockton.
Sixth Precinct— sos Sutter.
Seventh Precinct— 3o7 Grant avenue.
Eighth Precinct— S22 California.
Ninth Precinct — 403 Dupont.
Tenth Precinct— l4l Bush.
Eleventh Precinct— 649 Broadway.
Twelfth Precinct— 926 Washington.
Thirteenth Precinct— lo24 Clay.
Fourteenth Precinct— l2o4 Mason.
FORTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct— 6o6 Broadway.
Second Precinct— 6oo Broadway.
Third Precinct— ls39 Mason.
' Fourth Precinct— l6lo Stockton.
Fifth Precinct— l72o Stockton.
Sixth Precinct— 2o6 Francisco.
Seventh Precinct— 6o4 Lombard.
Eighth Precinct— 22ls Powell.
Ninth Precinct— 72B Montgomery avenue.
Tenth Precinct— Bo3 * ilbert.
Eleventh Precinct— 629 Union.
Twelfth Precinct— l6o2 Mason.
Thirteenth Precinct— 722 Lombard.
Fourteenth Precinct— N. W. corner
Broadway and Jones.
Fifteenth Precinct— 93s Filbert.-
FORTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— 2B Trinity.
Second Precinct— 332 Bush.
Third Precinct— l 23 Leidesdorff.
Fourth Precinct— 647 Merchant.
Fifth Precinct— 22 Montgomery avenue.
Sixth Precinct— lo9 Jackson.
Seventh Precinct— llo Drumm.
Eighth Precinct— 4o4 Drumm.
Ninth Precinct— 33B Broadway.
Tenth Precinct — J22 Broadway.
Eleventh Precinct— 7ls% Davis.
Twelfth Precinct— 342A Union. '
Z^ Makers of
i|^ r Fitting
§pectac les»Eye Glasses
OPT,aANS?p IC APPARAT US,
UF l IUAN3 .. p HOT oGR\ sc|ENTmc .
642 Market st. instruments
umder chronicle BUIIDIN&. CATALOGUE FREE.
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND reliable old
JL Specialist cures Private.Nervous, Blood and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Boole on Private Diseases
and Weaknessesof Men, free. O ver 2o yen experi-
ence. Patients cured at Home. TermsreasonHble.
Ilours9 to3dully;6::»toB::»ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12.
Cousultutlon 3acr»rlly private. ■ Call, or address
Dr. F. JROSCOR McXILTY, ;V
»<3'£ Ke&rny St., San Francisco, Cal.
• NEW WESTERN HOTEL;
KEAKNY AND WASHINGTON BT3.'— RBJ-
modeled and renovated. - KINO, WARD . A
CO. '-' European plan. ■ Rooms EOc to -91 CO day.
$6 to US week.. $8 to (30 month. Free fculha; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates la every
room: elevator run* all night. _, •
Weekly Call, $1.50 per Year
910
LUCKY MINERS
FROM DAWSON
City of Seattle Brings
Treasure.
FORTY -FOUR PASSENGERS
WEALTH AMOUNTS TO TWO
MILLIONS.
Hot Season Has Begun in the North
ern Metropolis Rnd There Is
Considerable Sickness in
Consequence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, July 30.— The steamship
City of Seattle arrived this afternoon
from Skaguay with forty-four Klon
dikers and $2D0,000 in treasure and
drafts. The following were the wealth
iest passengers:
J. A. Gerrow, Seattle $101,000
George W. Burke, Helena 60.i*K)
George De Mars, Puget Sound 20,000
C. N. Hutchinson. Seattle 12,000
T. M. Schreder, New Mexico 10,000
W. W. Misner, Tacoma 10",000
While George de Mars brought out
only $20,000 in drafts and gold, he is
undoubtedly the richest man on the
boat. He has $500,000 on deposit in
the Canadian Bank at D&wson and the
money he brought out was to pay his
expenses before he returns. He owns
the whole of claim Xo. 9 on El Do
rad.o, from wjiich his wealth was ta
ken. It took eleven horses to pack
the gold taken out in the clean-up from
the .claim to Dawson.
•■ Geri'ow owned a claim on French
Hill, which he sold to a London syndi
cate for $51,000.
Burke worked claim 1 above Discov-
cry, on French Gulch, and says that
■the -.man who located Discovery claim
■ ori the gulch sold it for $1000 to a miner
named Sanderson, who has since taken
out $26,000.
Fully $50,000 in drafts and dust was
Jn the possession of three Klondikers
-. -who. arrived early this morning on the
• ige City. They came out over the
Dalton trail .and wire longer getting
.. from • Five • Finger Rapids to Juneau
. than .the City of Seattle's passengers
were on the . entire trip.
• The returning miners relate a sad
. ' story of overcrowding, sickness and
1 l.a-ek 'of .work at Dawson. It is the
. forerunner of what old timers say will
•T)&. it-he .greatest stampede ever seen
■.out 'of a mining country. While It is
said.' that there are 20,000 people at
Dawson it is believed that 10,000 is
Dearer? the correct number. The fact
remains that Dawson is overcrowded.
Wages have dropped from $15 to $7 50
a day, and there are three or four men
for every job. If the mine owners of
the rich claims abide by their decision
not to work next year unless the roy
alty is taken off, there will be prac
tically nothing to do at Dawson this
winter.
Half of the peope at Dawson are sick
with dysentery. The water is blamed
for the disease. The water is taken
from springs, but In truth is nothing
but surface water, and comes from
inciting snow. According to one of
to-day's . arrivals there is always a
deadly vapor rising from the flat near
Dawson, on which many cf the new
comers are encamped.
Hot weather aids In the spread of
disease, the thermometer registering as
high as 110 degrees.
FIVE MEN DROWNED
IN STEWART RIVER
FAIRHAVEN, July 30.— News was
received here to-day of the drowning
of C. R. Morrison and R. Deisman, both
of this city, together with three com
panions, in Stewart River, Alaska, on
July 2.
BRINGS TEN MINERS
AND THEIR TREASURE
PORT TOWNSEND, July 30.— The
schooner j. B. Leeds arrived to-day
from St. Michael with ten passengers '
from Dawson City with a small amount
of gold dust.
V . ADVERTISEMENTS.
•♦- O -♦• O -♦- O -♦- O -♦• O -•- O -0- O -♦- C -♦■ O -♦ O -♦- O -♦■ O -♦■-♦- O -•- O -♦■ O -♦- O -♦- O -♦• O ■♦- O -♦- O -♦- O -♦- O -♦- O *- O -<
: : VARICOCELE CURED.
4.
o
♦ ; Varicocele, the insidious, life-destroying affliction which
♦ follows in the wake of excesses, indiscretions, strain or injury —
♦ . the weak, flabby and swollen
♦ . . veins leading to the vital parts ;
? . fffffi^ the knotted, wormy feeling in
% v . ' '_■ J*GgJ£h the vital glands- this terrible,
% . /*Ti 3ys treacherous malady is eating the
% /<i(l ' \ vital, strength from our young
? " (-' U//^S*\ : men; it has . mac ■ barren the
1° nJ^\T\ virile powers : of >h multitudes ;of
? : '/f^^^^^^^^/ men who should .be : in their
♦ fl\ \( ' vt\ • '■'" \fk^ P r ' me - Men who should be
°- tv\/7 •/ V mM strong, vigorous specimens of
*' vl! ■]!■ Jvx^ H/fjigj^^ B**'8 **' manhood are weak, ' impotent,
♦ jfjyj '''JV(\7Jsf through the .terrible waste
o - W// / %]llj jpm :/ / caused by this awful trouble.
° !//^^M^/}v^W^^i not p erm ' lt to row upon
0 c /f^jmHjtfßß^^S^fc. y ou ' '* saps the life from your
° g^]^-.^^^^^^tflr s y em slowly, but as surely as
£ ■ -- s^r^. consumption. Cure it while
■t ; 'you can. Cure it with
1 DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
1 An Old Varicocele Cured.
♦ . DR. SANDEN— Dear Sir: The Electric Belt which I purchased of you about 'two
O years ago has done wonders. It completely and permanently cured me of Varicocele
x of 30 years standing. I was obliged to wear a suspensory every day during this time.
JL 1 threw it away over six months ago. For JIOO I would not be placed in the physical
" condition your Belt has cured me of. 1 will answer all questions if a self-addressed en-
T. velope Is sent with the letter of Inquiry. Yours truly, W D -ALLEN
O ....:• '. . - .
.4 • Not a day passes but some grateful patient tells of his almost miracu-
♦ lous recovery from the destroying influence of this trouble. ; Many have
0 said that Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt has been worth" its weight in gold to
y them. -May it not to you? Send for the little book, "Three Classes of
o -Men," sealed, free, with full information. Address
I DR. A. T. SANDEN, NOT IN DRUG STORES. ;
♦ 702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, Stn Frtntiw*. __: "T*
a Office hours. 8 a. m. to 8 p.m. ;1 Sundays, 10 -Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
1 to 1. -Branches at Lou Angeles, CaI.,2«MH •is never sold In drug stores
V South Broadway: Portland. Or., 253 Washing- nor by traveling agents; only
♦ ton street; Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth street: . at our office.
O Dallas, Tex., 286 Main street. ' . - ♦ : — — *
GRAHAM LAYS
ASIDE HIS GUN
No Longer Treads the
Warpath.
TRIES TO WIELD THE PEN
EXCUSES OFFERED BY THE SAN
JOSE BAD MAN.
lame Explanation of His Shady
Transactions as a School Trus
tee Operating Under
an Alias.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July 30.— School Trustee
Graham has laid aside his gun and
taken up his pen in defense of his
transactions as a member of the Board
of Education. This morning's Mer
cury contains an article three-quarters
of a column in length, endeavoring to
explain his connection with the Cot
tage Grove Kindergarten. It presents
a rather lame excuse and a virtual ac-
knowledgment of the facts as given in
The Call. He assails The Call repre
sentative in the same untruthful, inde
cent and intemperate manner that
characterized his remarks when al
luding to the High School students'
protest against the dismissal of Profes
sor L. R. Smith from the High School.
Graham states there is such a per
son as J. N. White, and that his reg
istered voting number is 10,835. A thor
ough search of the city to-day failed
to reveal Mr. White, but it was learned
that Trustee Graham has a relative by
marriage by that name, and that he
is registered from 128 Locust street.
This is the number of Graham's resi
dence.
Graham declares that the building
and lot belong to Miss Mary A. Mc-
Donald, a sister-in-law. Here the
mystery begins. If the property be
longs to the person stated, why should
he have the bill for rent made out in
the name of J. N. White? is what peo
ple want to know. Miss McDonald is
a most estimable young lady, and if
she were securing the rent for the
premises used as a school the bill
should be made out in her name. In
stead the bill has been made out in the
name of J. N. White. Each month
Graham has received this check and
drawn the money on it. When the bill
first came up for payment it was made
out in the name of Miss McDonald, but
in the name of Miss McDonald, but
this was changed to J. N. White at the
request of Graham.
Graham states the Assessor's report
will show there are improvements on
the lot on which the school is erected.
This is not so, as a search of the re
cords will verify. That the building
was not assessed is due to the failure
of the parties intereated to report It to
Assessor Spitzer.
Chairman Wemple of the Board of
Education says that when the depart
ment rented the place for school pur
poses it was understood that one of
Graham's relatives owned it. He knew
the rent bill was made out to J. N.
White, but made no inquiries.
Ex-School Trustee O'Brien's state
ment was similar. He knew that
White had no interest in the premises,
but as the bill was a just one for rent
of the building he sanctioned its pay
ment.
Mayor Martin was busy behind
closed doors and refused to be inter
viewed on the subject.
There are fair . prospects that the
matter will be brought up and investi
gated at the next meeting of the
board.
Stmr. Grace Dollar will sail for St. Michael.
Guaranteed connections Yukon River points;
low rates. Particulars 46 Mkt. or 632 Mkt., r. 8.
Charged With Burglary.
Frank Demartlni, a boy, was yesterday
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
burglary. He was arrested for breaking
into a cigar store at 114 Montgomery ave
nue Thursday night and stealing thlrty
tive boxes of cigars.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAX FRASTCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1898.
HAMBURG JUST
WALKED IN
Won the Brighton Cup
by Fifty Lengths.
DALY COLT A SPEEDY MARVEL
PEEP O' DAY CABBIES 140 LBS.
TO CLEVEB VICTOBY.
Cathedral and Espionage Disquali
fied in a Race at Harlem, and
Old David Wins Again at
St. Louis.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NBW YORK, July 30.— This was cup day
at Brighton Beach and a large crowd
gathered to see the great Hamburg prac
tically walk over for the $5400 first money.
Ogden took second money, $1250. There
was no doubt as to which of the Daly
pair was to make the pace, for Hamburg
began to go to the front at the fall of the
flag and as they passed the stand for the
first time he was ten lengths to the good.
In the backstretch he widened the gap by
half as much again, while Howard Mann
was a length in the front of Ogden, the
latter under a pull. Passing the stand
for the second time Hamburg was but
little short of a sixteenth of a mil© in
front of the others, who were then on
even terms and beginning to race. Ham
burg made the gap a good sixteenth, while
Howard Mann was through, Ogden being
a couple of lengths in front of him. At
the end Hamburg was a half dozen
lengths better than a sixteenth of a mile
in front of his stable mate, Ogden. It was
not a race— simply an exhibition gallop
by the best race horses of them all.
Leo Lake, favorite in the first race,
broke down. The track was slow.
First race, purse, one and an eighth miles:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. %. %• %■ Btr. Fin.
Gun Metal. 104....O'Leary 11 21 In 13 1
Ablngdon, 116 Songer 0 0 0 2 2
Ella Daly, 102.... 0'C0nn0r 2 In 2 3 3
Bergen, 116 Doggett 0 0 J 0 0
•Leo Lake, 116 E. Jones 3 3 **0 0 0
Nedjed, 116 McDermott 0 0 0 0 0
Time. 1:59. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Straight odds against first three — 6 to 6, 4
to 1 and 15 to 1.
•Favorite. "Broke down.
Second race, two-year-olds, five furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. *4. %. Str. Fin.
Lady Meddlesome, 109... J0nes 2 2 1 lij
Life Guard. 112 Maher 3 3 3 21
Rustier*, 112 O'Connor 112 3
Time, 1:02%. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
•Muggins 112, Seraphic 103 and Fulminate 109
also ran.
Straight odds against first three — 3 to 1, 6
to 1 and 4 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, selling, one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. >4. JJ. »4. Str. Fin.
•Ben Ronald. 107...51mms 3 3 3 11
Burlesque 11. lOS.Hamllton 1112 2
•Frohman, 91 Maher 2 2 2 3 3
Merlin, 9S O'Connor 4 4 4 4 4
Time, 1:43>4. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Straight odds against first three — Even,
money, 6 to 1 and 6 to 5.
•Equal favorites.
Fourth race, lightweight handicap, six fur
longs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. »£• %. 9tr. Fin.
Peep o' Day. 140 Taral 0 0 3 11
Lady Marian. 110....0T0nn0r 0 0 2 2
Lambent, 127 o'Leary Ins 1 118
Chenille G. 105 Maher 22 2 0 0
Tripping, 119 Doggett 3 3 0 0
Time, 1:15. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Fleeting Gold 105, *Lennep 123, Hanwell 115,
Murlllo 112 and St. Nicholas 111 also ran.
Straight odds against first three — 6 to 1, 12
to 1 and S to L
•Favorite.
Fifth race, Brighton Cup, two miles and a
quarter:
Name and Wt. Jockeys, m. 114. 1%. Str. Fin.
•Hamburg. 112.. T. Sloan 1 10 1 15 1 15 1 20 1 r.O
•Odgen. ISO Hamilton 3 3 2 2 2 5
Howard Mann, 133..Taral 2 2 3 3 3
Time. 4:02 V Won In a gallop. Second eas
ily. Third driving.
Straight odds against first three— l to 40,
Hamburg and Odgen (coupled), 20 to 1 How
ard Mann.
•Favorites (coupled In the betting).
Sixth race, two-year-olds, selling, five fur
longs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. 14. %. Str. Fin.
Matanza, 105 James 11 11 11 11
•Cormorant. 102 Maher 3 3 2 2
Mark Miles. 106 Doggett 0 2 3 3
The Gardener, 104 Spencer 2 4 4 4
Lepida, 103 O'Connor 5 5 5 5
Time, 1:01. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Straight odds against first three — 9 to 5, even
money and 7 to 1.
•Favorite.
Seventh race, steeplechase, handicap, short
course :
Forget, 147, 5 to 1 (Johnson) 1
El Cid. US, 20 to 1 (Barry) 2
•Olindo. 157. even fChandler) 3
Time, 4:32 1^. Won easily by three lengths.
Second and third driving. El Cid led from the
fourth to the thirteenth jump. Inclusive, by
from one length to five lengths. Rheinstrom
fell and Bahy Bill ran out.
Tulltson 147, Rheinstrom 142 and Baby Bill
13C also ran.
•Favorite (coupled with Rheinstrom).
OVER ST. LOUIS' STICKY TRACK.
Old David Again to the Fore.
Schreiber's Miss Marion Wins.
ST. LOTUS, July 30.— Rains transformed the
ancient Fair Grounds track Into what closely
resembled a good sized creek Just drying up.
Among the winners was Barney Schreiber's
very fa»t filly, Miss Marion, and the great
Western mudlark, David. Only two favorites
won out of seven races. Lines put two win
ners over the plate, one of them, Fireside, at
odds of 6 to 1. The latter Is a sister to Burns
& Waterhoune's Sweet Faverdale, also to Pres
ton.
First race, three-year-olds, seven furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys, ty. Vt- %. Str. Fin
•Verify, 92 Lines 2 1 1 Ilia
Rebel Jack, 100.. McDonald 0 0 0 3 2
Reefer, 90 Dugan 12 2 2 3
Oypcelver. 107 M. Dunn 3 0 0 0 0
Onlaga, 92 F. Givens 0 3 3 0 0
Time, 1:33%. Won galloping. Second and
third driving.
B H 97, Wolford 92 and Little Sally 90 also
ran.
Straight odds against first three— 2 to 7. 9
to 2 and 60 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, selling, one and an eighth
miles:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. %. %. %. Str. Fin
Maddalo. 98 Gilmore 2 1 2 lft 1 3
•Mamie G., 96 Kelly 3 2 3 3 23
H. Gardner. 69.. McDonald 0 3 112 3
Minerva, 96 Dugan 1 0 0 0 0
Time. 1:59%. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Marquise 103, Lulu Frey 99. Gomez 98, Lease
man 1)7, Freßco 97, King Elkwood 97, Ransom
97. Perclta 95 and Connie Lee 93 also ran.
Straight odds against first three^ — 7 to 2, 11
to 5 and 7 to 2.
•Favorite.
Third race, handicap, two-year-olds, clx fup
loflgs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. U. %. Str. Fin
Mona B, 82 Dugan 11 13 121 10
Be True, 104., Gilmore 2 3 0 2>£
•L2O Planter, 121.... McDonald 0 0 2 2 3
Flying Bird. 10S Snell 3 22 3 0
Time, 1:18. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Clarence B 110 and Rose Ash 95 also ran.
Straight odds against first three— 7 to 1, 4
to 1 and 9 to 10.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, handicap, mile and a sixteenth:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. V*. %. \. Str. Fin
•Laureate, 96 Frost 11 11 11 11 12
Hasqull. 104 McDonald 0 0 0 0 2 1
Klkin. 93 Southard 2 2V4 2% 2 1 3
Schiller, 90 Lines 3 3 3 3 0
Time, 1:50%. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Straight odds against first three— B to 6, 4
to 1 and 8 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, special, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. %. %. Str. Fin.
Miss Marlon. 81 Ward 16 16 18110
•The Chemist, 117. .McDonald 3 3 2 1 2 h
Belle of Memphis, 101... Frost 2 5 2 1 11 3
Time, 1:15%. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Straight odds against first three— 2 to 1, t to
2 and t to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, handicap, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. H- V. Btr. Fin.
David. 104 J. McDonald 2 3 2 11
•H. S. Tobacco, 102...G11m0re Ins Ins 1 1 2ns
Gibraltar, 112 Lowe 2 2 3 3
Time. 1:16%. Won easily. Second and tnlrd
driving.
Aquinas 90 and Miss Verne 89 also ran.
Straight odds against first three— 3 to 2, 7
to 5 and 4 to 1.
•Favorite.
Seventh race, purse, one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. %. '£• *J. Str. Fin.
Fireside. 102 Lines 0 2 1 W 1 1 Ins
Pinochle, 94 Kelly lh Hi 21 ! 2h
•Belle Bramble, 102..5ne1l 2H 3 3 3 3
Kisme, 102 McDonald 3 0 0 0 0
Time. 1:4614. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Ed Gartland II 91, Sunburst 109, Jim Henry
109, Mrs. Bradshaw 104 and Mystery 94 also
ran.
Straight odds against first three— 6 to 1, 7
to 2 and 3 to L
•Favorite.
WINNEBS AND LOSEBS.
Two Horses Disqualified in One Bace.
Foul Claimed in Another.
CHICAGO, July 30.— The judges disqualified
Cathedral and Espionage, which finished first
and third In the third event, giving the race
to Frank Bell, place to Cheval dOr and show
to Andes. J. Relff and Tommy Burns rode
two winners apiece. The track was very
heavy. Mary Black, the Californla-ored
daughter of Imp. Islington, easily disposed of
Imp in the fifth event. A claim of foul was
made against Tartarian in the last race, but
was not allowed.
First race, selling, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys, v,. %. Str. Fin.
Marsella. 88 J. Reiff 1 1 11110
Borden, 96 Flick 0 0 0 2
Bethlehem Star, 90...Neweom 0 0 0 3
King's Highway, 93 Slack 2 2 2 0
Canova, 93 Kitley 0 0 8 0
Ella Penzance, 99 Rose 3 3 0 0
Time, 1:19%. Won galloping. Second and
third driving.
La Champagne SS, Daily Racing Form 93,
Pug 93, 'Carrie F 97, Lucy Belle 103 and Os
mon 10G alao ran.
Straight odds against first three— 4 to 1, 12
to 1 and 12 to L
•Favorite.
i ?»-"v>nd race, handicap, one and a sixteenth
rrn'-v- ;
?C Una and Wt. Jockeys. "4. %. %. Str. Flu.
•Donna Kitta, 100. .Burns 2 2 0 1 14
Murt.; Fonse. 105..Conley 0 0 2 2 2
Braw Lad, 100.... J. Reiff 111 1 3 3
Three Bars, 103 Thorpe 3 3 3 0 0
Time, 1:14%, Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Straight odds against first three— Even
money. 3 to 1 and 6 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, two-year-olds, half mile:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. St. %. Str. Fin
tCathedral. 118 T. Burns 3 2 2 Ins
•Frank Bell, 114 Shields 1112
tEspionage, 115 Thorpe 2 3 3 3
tCathedral and Espionage disqualified for
fouling and Frank Bell given the race, Coeval
dOr place and Andes show.
Time, :52. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Klsle O 110 and Mazle V 110 also ran.
•Favorite at 4 to 5.
Fourth race. Oak Park stakes, one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. %. %. $i. Str. Fin.
Al Fresco, 100 T. Burns 1 1 1 3 12
Traverser, 119.. X. Turner 2 2 2 12 2 1
•Eddie Jones, 117.. Thorpe 0 3 3 2 3
St. Alfonsus D, HO.Conley 3 0 0 0 0
Martha. 11. 105 J. RelfT 0 0 0 0 0
Time, 1:47%. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Straight odds against first three— 2 to 1, 7
to 1 and 6 to 5. -
•Favorite.
Fifth race, purse, six furlongs:
Name and "Weight. Jockeys. & %. Str. Pin.
•Mary Black. 105 J. Rein* 12 11 11 12
•Imp, 112 Thorpe 3 2 2 2 6
Storm King, 117 Shields 2 3 3 3
Clotllde. 105 Shepherd 4 4 4 4
Time, l:l7>>i. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Straight odds against first three — 9 to 10. S
to 5 and 12 to 1.
•Favorites.
Sixth race, selling, mile and 100 yards:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. %. %. %. Str. Fin.
•Boanerges, 112 ..Caywood 11 ll 11 11 14
Moneretth. 104... T. Burns 3 0 0 3 2
P. Kauvor. 103.... Hewitt 0 0 0 0 3
Meddler, 101.. H. Williams 2 3 3 2 0
Reuben Rowett, 102.. R05e 0 2 2 0 0
Time, 1:52. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Swordsman 102, tMuskalonge 104 and Pepper
104 also ran.
Straight odds against first three — 6 to 6, 6
to 1 and 8 to 1.
•Favorite. tMuskalonge left at the post.
Seventh race, selling, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. H. \. Str. Fin.
•Tartarian, 105 H. Martin lU, 11 1 h Ins
Primate, 103 Thorpe 3 3 3 2 1
E. Holmes, 93 McNlchols 2 4 2 4 2 1 3
Time. 1:18%. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Easter Eve 37 and Sybaris 101 also ran.
Struight odds against first three— 2 to 6, B
to 1 and 8 to L
•Favorite. _________^___
TO RID THEIR
PARTY OF REA
Republicans of Santa
Clara Act.
A MONSTER MASS "MEETING
GOOD GOVERNMENT CLUB IN
THE SADDLE.
Chairman McLaughlin of the State
Committee Thanked for His As
sault on "Boss"
Rule.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July 30.— The Good Gov
ernment Club of Santa Clara County
held its largest and most enthusiastic
meeting this afternoon. The hall was
crowded and a large number were
compelled to stand. Many members
were present from remote parts of the
county. Stirring speeches were made.
The sentiment was unanimous that
proper steps be taken to accomplish
the object outlined by the club to rid
the Republican party of corruption and
political bossism in Santa Clara Coun
ty. One and all seemed imbued with
one thought — to follow the ■ suggestion
made by the Republican State Central
Committee. The following resolution
was unanimously adopted:
Resolved, That the secretary be in
structed to communicate with Major
Frank McLaughlin, chairman of the
Republican State Central Committee,
extending to him the club's con
gratulations and thanks for the cour
ageous and manly words expressed
by himself at the meeting of the
State Central Committee.
Tiie Good Government Club, whose
membership numbers about 1500, Is
making arrangements to hold a series
of open meetings in various parts of
the county before the holding of the
county primaries.
BETWEEN THE UNITED
STATES AND CANADA
WASHINGTON, July 30.— 1t Is an
nounced that the first meeting of the
joint high commission appointed by the
United States and Great Britain to con
sider various matters of importance be
tween the United States and Canada will
be held at Quebec o*. August 23. They
agree to consider, among others, the fol
lowing matters:
First, the questions in respect to the
fur seals in Bering Sea and the waters
of the North Pacific Ocean.
Second, provisions in respect to the
fisheries off the Atlantic and Pacific
coasts and the waters of their common
frontier.
Third, provisions for the delimitation
and establishment of the Alaska-Cana
dian boundary by legal and scientific ex
perts if the commission shall so decide,
or otherwise.
Fourth, provisions for the transit of
merchandise In transportation to or from
either country across intermediate terri
tory, whether by land or water, Including
natural and artificial waterways and In
termediate transit by sea.
DR. PIEE-CE'S REMEDIES | DR. PIERCES REMEDIES
I IllPnil niTIOII ft I Olinnrimrni Tt regenerates and transforms the en-
lINI.IIN UN AI \ IKnrN m tire Physical being into a new sem-
UlluUllUl I lUllnL OUIIIILIIULIIi blance and substance of perfect man-
hood and womanhood.
"Thirteen years ago I was wounded
Thfl MaimifipftTit f!rm<!nTnTTifl.tinn nf by a ball P assln & through my lung."
1U« iUdgnmCeill tOnSUmmailOn OI says George H. Belcher Esq., of Dor-
a fi-lnrimid flamnaio-Ti ton > Pike Count y. Xv - " 1 nave nad a
a morions campaign. bad cough ever slnce with shortne ss of
breath, and it was very easy to take
cold; the slightest change of weather
And Its Splendid Parallel in the would cause the cough to be so bad I
r» m, i •.. a * • a.% would have to sit up in bed all night.
Daily Life o? American Men ..j could not eat or sleep at times;
and Women. I was all run down; I could not work
at all. A few months ago I began us-
ing Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Dis-
,. covery. I have not used more than two
In 8d:8 d : i r e?Tour A S Ca bb n e S ketr nn d d Cheert bottles and row I can eat, sleep and
Wherever men love liberty 1 work, and I feel like a new man. A
And prize that sacred word. cannot find words to sufficiently recom-
For lo! on Santiago's height. ' mend Dr - Pierces Golden Medical Dis-
Our gallant standard waves, covery, or tell the good it has done
And freedom dawns on souls of men me "
Who yesterday were slaves. "Winter before last, my oldest boy
Where Shatter leads his conquering train; had a terrible cough," says J. M. Farr
■with stern, heroic Miles— Esq of Cameron, Screven County, Ga.
Fair Cuba drops her captive chain « He had it tne whole winter and all
And lifts her head and smiles. summer Physicians did him no grod
The proud Castilian hirelings bow and nothing my Wife and I could do
Th f e OIS p«fi hl o? the mA nt c i C iw- : - nnw did him any good. After your 'Discov-
18 fated to be free! ° W cry' had cured me so quickly I wrote
I my wife to bring him back from the
The haughty, domineering power of country, she having carried him there
intolerable, wrong can never maintain to see if the change would do him
SURRENDER OF SANTIAGO.
Itself against the might and majesty of good. She brought him back and af-
universal freedom. ; . ter giving him your great 'Golden Mcd-
The spirit of liberty and right how- ical Discovery' for a time, he entirely
ever shackled and handicapped in the re^ oo e r re aDOut one year and a half my
beginning is bound in the final stru o '- face was very badly broken out,"
gle to be the conquering power. The writes Miss Carrie Adams, of 116 West
Americans are winning because they Main street, Battle Creek, Mich. "I
ought to win. First of all, our cause spent a great deal of money with doc-
is just. The irresistible gallantry and tors nd for. different kinds of medi-
*U „< our officers and ,non on ,and fSJT.ST%S?
and sea are reinforced by the thrice- a papei . ( and obtained : a bottle of Dr.
powerful armament; of conscious recti- Pierre's Golden Medical Discovery. ' Be- ",
tude. ' '- f r '" fore I had taken one bottle of this mcd- :
Whatever is wrong, irrational and un- icine I noticed a change, and after tak-
natural cannot stand long '''before the Ing three bottles I was entirely cured,
overwhelming force of wnat is right hSn Si JScTe^o
ana reasonable. We . see : the manifest similarly afflicted." '■
power of natural and invulnerable law "My health uas been failing for sev-
in every domain of action and life. eral years," writes Mrs. Sophia A.
When Columbus, the learned and al- Slemp of Sugargrove, Smyth County,
most inspired navigator, called upon Va - "}. h , a * hot flashes and at times
, V ■ ■ *. j ill ■ a dreadful hurting in mv back above
unexplored oceans to surrender their the loins; i could s not res at night on
hidden continents, he had behind him account of hot spells. Last spring I
the great cosmic principles that he began to feel so weak I could scarcely
knew could never be gainsaid. ; do my. work and In April I broke down
When Newton formulated the uni- completely. I had indigestion and
versal law that holds all suns and stars kidney trouble. I passed only a very
together in their places, he knew that little urine and of dark color. The
every physical object, big or little, In back of my head and neck would be
the whole round world num. inevita- so tired I could not rest. The left side
bly, and for all time, obey the princi- of my face ached. I had also a se-
ple that he so confidently enunciated. v ere pain in my left limb.' I tried dif-
When Watts discovered the powers ferent liniments, but received no relief,
of steam, and Stephenson harnessed I could not lie still on account of the
them in locomotive shape; when suffering in my body. My limbs and
Franklin challenged the clouds and 13 i- feet were cold,- although I was in a
ison carried his battle . into the ethe- perspiration nearly all the time. Some-
real currents ' and vibrations— one times I would have to be propped up
of these aggressive geniuses was up- in bed all night, and even then could
held and dominated by the conscious- sleep but little.
ness of deep, enduring principles which "I sent for the doctor and took his
reached down into the very ultimate treatment about three weeks and was
nature of things and there found un- no better, but worse if anything, so I
failing sustenance and support. decided to try Dr. Pierces Golden Mcd-
In the great field of medical research leal . Discovery; . I bought six bottles,
and therapeutic physiology Dr. R. V. but -If had only to take four bottles of
Pierce of Buffalo, N. V., has, for thirty it and two vials of the 'Pleasant Pel-
years, been prosecuting a continuous, lets', when I was able to do my work
unintermittent campaign against dis- again; tf-I» have thus far had no return
ease. From the very earliest ; days of of the disease. I feel better this spring
his entry upon the field of me lical than I- have '■ felt for several seasons,
practice, he has been sustained and re- I have no hot spells like I had for sev-
inforced by the invincible principles of eral years. If I had taken your treat-
nutritive and metabolic physiology. ment sooner, no doubt I could have
.; He.has known that he was right and kept that bad spell off, but; I am thank-
the result of his endeavors ha 3 been a lv] that I took your medicine and
continuous, ' unfailing demonstration found a cure. I shall ever praise the
and Justification of his principles. In medicine that cured me and will recom-
originatlng his now famous "Golden mend it to all suffering as I did."
Medical Discovery," he founded his No alcohol enters into , the composi-
faith upon the great basic principle of tion of this superb "Golden Medical
digestive nutrition. :He recognized that Discovery." It is a temperance med-
nature carries ., on and sustains all icine. It is free from the dangers
physical life through the digestive and which attend the use of many so-called
nutritive organism, and" that through "blood purifiers," "tonics," "sarsapar-
this system alone it is possible to : rad- Mas" and "compounds," so largely
ically conquer disease. ; composed of alcohol that their persist-
He appreciated the great physiolog- ent use is liable to produce a baneful"
ical truth that nature, working accord- craving for alcoholic stimulants.: ; The
ing to her own .chosen methods,' will "Golden Medical Discovery" gives gen-
accomplish what it is impossible to oc- vine, permanent, enduring vigor. It
complish by artificial interference; and gives t the temperance health that is
that any medicine which is to assist in true health. x
carrying .out the purposes of : nature There are, and always will be, a class
must work in strict subservience :o : h^r of dealers , who would rather make a
own laws and principles; must % give few cents more on a sale than to give
her the assistance she calls for at pre- you precisely the medicine you ask
cisely the point where it is needed, and for. People who know their own minds
rely upon her to use it to the best ad- need not be cautioned .to avoid . this
vantage. class of dealers. If you are convinced
::•':' Armed and equipped with this invlo- that the - "Golden Medical • Discovery"
lable principle. Dr. Pierce has confi- is the medicine you need do not be ca-
dently and boldly, during ; the last joled into accepting something else by
thirty years, called upon all the most the plea that 7 "it ; is Just as good." It
stubborn powers of .disease to «apitu- Is. an insult to your intelligence. Turn
late; and their unconditional surrender your back on the one who offers the af-
is recorded :i in the overflowing testi- front. \
mony of living men and women. Every man and woman in America
1 The irresistible power of this match- may feel absolutely '■ free to correspond
less "Discovery" lies . in its ; deep ? and with Dr. .. Pierce i on ' the subject of the
searching influence upon the digestive best home means . and /remedies for
and t nutritive organism. It gives di- overcoming chronic or lingering di-
rect tone to the stomach glands, "; en- eases.:: He will be glad to answer
dowing them with capacity to 'secrete promptly and without fee or cost of
digestive fluids 'of necessary quantity any kind all letters of inquiry or con-
and strength. It creates • wide-awake sultation. .' -
normal activity of ■ the liver, ; and ena- The splendid Invalids' Hotel and Sur-
bles it to filter the vile, poisonous dregs gical Institute at Buffalo, N. ."., over
of } bilious ; impurity : out of i the circu which Dr. ; Pierce ; has presided as chief
tion. It gives the blood-making consulting physician during the Idtst
glands keen, h assimilative power to thirty years, is- recognized .throughout
transform the - nutritious '■':, elements of the world as the model ; medical last i-
food into j healthy, i red ; blood, < rich with tution ; of America. Here, ' assisted by
vital "oxygen and life-building power. , an accomplished staff of nearly a score
, : • What it ; does ; for • the nutritive organ- of associate specialists, in the different
ism it ■ does 'for the whole body. It branches -of medical practice, Dr.
clears the circulation, the ' skin, the ex- Pierce has % treated, in person or by
cretory ; ducts, " the .bronchial ; tubes and mail, ■* a S greater i number _; of severe,' ob-
lungs ;of all bilious; products and other Btinate cases iof chronic diseases than
elements of i disease. .It furnishes t na-; any : other • physician • in America. '
ture : with f the . elementary - constituents No matter what '. your ailment or ctr-
and power J with .which to '.I fight ' and cumstances i may be, he • will «ive you
overcome ] every i abnormal, impure, de- sound, sensible : advice, entirely free ;of
bllitated and impoverished ; condition, charge, ; and - put you •in the . way of re- ,
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES.
stored health, inexpensively and speed-
ily.
As a medical author, Dr. Pierce'a
works are acknowledged among the
most interesting and able that have
been written. His great thousand-
page illustrated "People's Common
Sense Medical Adviser" has had a
greater sale than any medical book
ever published in any language..
Nearly a million copies were sold at
$1 TO each. A free edition has been
issued, of which one copy in pdper cov-
ers will be sent on receipt of twenty-
one 1-cent stamps to pay the cost of
mailing only; or, for thirty-one stamps
a heavier, handsomer, cloth-bounl copy
will be sent
STATEMENT
. OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NATIONAL STANDARD
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December A. D.
1897 and fur the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Po' 111 " 1 Co^-
condensed as per blank furnished by the com-
missioner: CAPITAXj .
Amount of capital stock, paid up in
cash $200,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $604,590 10
Cash in banks • ••• 30.015 57
Interest due and accrued on all stocks „„, _,
and loans 3.79167
Premiums In due course of collec-
tion 65,968 21
Total assets $704,366 5f
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of adjustment or In
suspense * 30,iT9 i&
Losses resisted, including expenses.... 4,010 00
Gross premiums on flre risks running
one year or less, $223,225 91; re-in-
surance 50 per cent ui.sia w
Gross premiums on fire risks running
more than one year, $28,648 44; re-
Insurance pro rata Z3.49J w
Gross premiums on marine and inland
navigation risks, $26,077 94; re-
Insurance 100 per cent 26,077 94
All other demands against the com-
pany ' 38.504 41
Total liabilities $238,923 63
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums $248,857 39
Net cash actually received for marine
premiums : ---- 17,808 1(1
Received for Interest and dividends on
bonds, stocks, loans, and from all
other sources 17,662 28
Total Income ~ $293,825 77
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses $ 79,457 17
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 12,173 01
Dividends to stockholders 80.000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage •••• 78.038 72
Paid for salaries, fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 3,025 00
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 7,690 99
All other payments and expenditures. 2,339 17
Total expenditures $207,722 0«
Losses incurred during the year $115,672 7t
Fire Prem-
Rlsks and Premiums. Riska. lums.
Net amount of risks written
during the year $50,050,005 $452,935 97
Net amount of risks expired
during the year 42,374,5851 369,360 69
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1897 25,356,9161251.874 35
Marine Pre-
Rlsks and Premiums. Risks. lums.
Net amount of risks written!
during the year $ 1,633,820 $ 57,554 90
Net amount of risks expired)
during the year ; 142.400 5,399 02
Net amount In force De-
cember 31. 1897 1 745.710 26.077 94
E. C. CONVERSE. President.
R. BLEECKER RATHBOSE, Sec.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 25th
day of January, IS9S. ■
GEO. O. RUGER. Notary Public.
WINFIELD S^ DAVIS,
AGENT.
208 Sansome Street, San Francisco.
Telephone Main 5968.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
of the:
Assurance Company of America
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
'1597. and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per. blank furnished by the com-
missioner.
CAPITAL. ' ...
Amount of capital stock, paid .up In . •
cash $200,000 00 -v
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and i: -*. r "
bonds owned by company ........ $557,715 09 -
Cash in banks i. .......... 75,038 48- -
Interest due and accrued on all stocks -.
and loans 4,458 34 •
Premiums in due course of collection.. 73,998 69 , .
Total assets $711.210 60
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of adjustment or in . *•
suspense $ 27,611 00 ' ■■'
Gross premiums on flre risks running
one year or less, $256,C6G 43; re-insur- >V-^•V -^ • ">~V
ance 50 per cent...". 143.333 23 ;•
Gross premiums on fire risks running • • . •
more than one year, J33.55G 12; re-in- . :
. surance pro rata ; 27,354 02
Gross premiums on marine and inland ... •
navigation risks, - $26,077 94; re-in- - :
Burance 100 per cent ..* 26,077 94
All other demands against the com-
pany •••• : 42.497 S3
Total liabilities , $266. 874 00
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums, •• ••••", $322.95 a 50
Net cash actually received for ma-
rlne premiums :"V.'*.v;"'%"' •'• 306 10
Received for. interest and ; dividends .
on bonds, stocks. " loans, and from . ;' „
all other sources • ■ 13.467 3o
Total Income ..... $363,758 95
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $ 49.462 30
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 12.172 90
Paid or allowed for commission or - 'i
hmlrpri?P • 0O»**» lw
PnM for salaries, ' fees ' ' and ' other : -
charges for officers, clerks, etc....; 2.670 00
PaM for State, -national and local ' ;
All other' payment's 'and' 'expenditures'. 7.015 65\7mi
Total expenditures $131,044 08 *>
Losses Incurred during the year...... $ 89.246 20
" " Flre- Pre- •••
Risks and Premiums. Risks. lums.
>r At amount of risks written -•■•• ; - . .'
during .... rear  $71,575,088 $508,619 63
Net amount of risks expired ■ :- • ■ .:* :
during the year £' 35,132,046 159.759 51 '
Net amount in force De- .
cember, 31. 1597. ■ 33,358,885 320.252 55
•. .■■•■■. * . Marine | . Pre-
Risks and Premiums. i Risks. ■ I lums.
Net amount of risks written , .
during the year $ 816.910 $ 28.777 43 '
Net amount of risks expired .
during the year , 71.200 2,699 49
Net amount ■in force De-
cember 31. 1897 ....:....... 7.45, 26,077 94
R. C. RATHBONE. President.
. - DAN WINSLOW, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th
day. of January,' 1898.
GEO. O. RUGER, Notary Public.
WINFIELDS. DAVIS,
AOENT,
203 Sansome Street, : San Francisco.
' ' Telephone Main 5968. -•
J^ WONG WOO,
P^W CHINESE TEA AND HERB /
Rjf {5 SANITARIUM, ,
\gj-4 ■■ • 764-66 CLAY ST., 8u rnneUeo.Od ;.'•
grtflyS V»^i%7 . AII : diseases cured exclualvs- «v
7P,?(.; : W '* by Chinese : herbs, over 30M &
____ — „ varieties being used. ADVICSA
FREE. Hours. »:I0 to U a,, m., 1 to. S and 1 4
; » P. -m...... .. -■- - - ■■•-:•;..- .'
Weak Men and Women *
<SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB ' '
*-* great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to th« sexual omiukADRIFT IN
MID-OCEAN
A Doubt as to the Iden
tity of a Derelict.
FOUNDERING OF THE GUAYMAS
SANK FORTY MILES OFF THE
COAST OF MEXICO.
Ten Years Ago She Was Known Here
as the Diego, Later as the
Manuel Dublan and Next
as the Guaymas.
The underwriters nnd ship-owners are
Ftil] worrying over the derelict that was
sighted off. Point Reyes a few days ago.
They are not at nil satisfied In their own
minds that the wreck is that of the bark
Forest Queen. That vessel was old, hav
ing been built In 1869. and they reason that
*he would not hold together for any
th of time after turning turtle. The
st Queen left the Sound In the early
of last Marrh for San Pedro, and
capsized it mast have been during
•••that-. -month. If It was her remains that
Sighted off Point Reyes then they
hay© b^en derelict for about four
this.' ' .
-Tamos..Tyson, agent of the Forest
eh/. sq, j?a the description of the dere
lict furnished by Captain Rasmussen of
: tfee..sch.Qorter Louise exactly tallies with
■nf-splirg. vessel, but then again others
•Jiatthe description would fit at
a dozen coasters. The schooner No
mad Is lone overdue from China at Puget
. Sound and the southerly set may be car
. fying her remains -down the coast. An
sehoo'ner that left Puget
Scmd last May is also overdue
and aem'fe of the underwriters think
it ml|yt be she. All doubt as
to the name, of the vessel would be set
at rest arj] a big menace to navigation
Vl) 'l H the Government would only
. .send out one of the vessels now lying In
PTt to either blow It up or bring It into
port.
The Merchants* Exchange recrlved the
following telegram from Mazatlan yes
terday: "The steamer Guaymas of the
Mexican Occidental Railroad Company
of Mexico foundered forty miles north of
Acapulco; The vessel went down gradu
ally. The captain had sent one of his
boats to Acapulco for assistance, but the
steamer sank before the help came. All
the passengers and crew, with the excep
tion of one sailor, were saved and are
now at San Geronimo."
The Guaymas was built In 188S and was
239 tons net burden. She was 151 feet
long. 27 feet 5 inches broad and 14 feet
1 Inch deep. Her engines were built by
\> B. Thompson of Dundee, Scotland,
bat had soen many years of service be
fore they were put In the Diego. The
port of the vessel was Mazatlan
Mexico.
A free fight on Folsom-street wharf last
\> .f'.r.esday ended In an Investigation by
the Harbor Commissioners yesterday.
The. crew on the ecow pile-driver has not
a haj>py family for some time past.
Two of tKe most belligerent have been
p. Ahem and G. C. Heath, and their
language when addressing each other
would not look well in print, Wednesday |
■Ja^t. n-ficn -the dn"y*s work' was over, they ,'
rned to the wharf and had a set-to*, j
Aherh got the worst of It and appeared j
-terday's meeting of the board with i
a .very black eye. His version of the
a? told to Commissioners Harney
aria -Herald, wu that Heath called him'
• rimes and then struck him. Later
Heath and the other men employed on
the pile-driver went over and had a drink
and then Heath returned and beat Ahem
'; '.again.
'■'.- ' ' Needless to say Heath's story was very
■•.different, and as he was corroborated by
•half .a dozen witnesses it was accepted
•.-■•as.the' /correct version. "Ahem called me
. a iputch ■- — and -then struck me In the
. - str.nmeh," said he to Major Harney.
..-•••Then he. tried to scratch, my face, and
•. wh.en I hit him a lick he turned and ran
;■ away..' He did not look where he was
jgorng and ran into one of the uprights
: that support the coal bunkers and split
%. his', eye. Then he got his thumb Jammed
: .In -a crack • and raised such a row that
... tbe- ".longshoremen working in the v ->ld
• •-. ofi'.a- ship came on deck to see whe $ as
Kitting .murdered. I told him to gc. up
:-• and right it but, but he would not, so I
:lpft;.-3i.im.": .'■
;. ' The two. fighters were then sent out of
"• the. pom. and the evidence of the others
••! was . .takeri. It was all In corroboration
•'•• of' .^Heath's story. Ahem was recalled
• and .asked how he got his black eye. He
• satdi'h'e -got it from Heath's fist.
■.''Didn't'' you run into a post?" asked
"Major. Hnrney. At this Ahem looKed
h "disgusted.- and replied: "What in the name
■'erf ' God -would I do that for, major?"
"•■ : This.brrlke up the meeting and Ahem
'. v. ;i.-- -'excused.' -The Commissioners will
... -probably r.-susQend- him for a week and
• • tb'en put him on another pile-driver in
: .-. -order .to give him another chance.
}• •• R. Boyd has been appointed chief
' -B^'Qeper on the water front. He takes
•-•the place: of ex-Senator T. Kane.
' : ■'i The- ship Tacoma will be ready for her
'•• : cargo of. livestock to-morrow. The last
■"'. -of the hay was taken In yesterday and as
• 's.'>o'n aft the horses have been put aboard
• the Vessel will sail for Manila. ; .<
r ..-■;',
MII.LX COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.
Grants: diplomas and confers degrees. Rare
opportunities offered in music. One hour's ride
from San' Francisco. ■ Write for catalogue to
MRS C. T. MILLS. President, Mills College
Postrrfflce. Alameda County. Cal. Thirty-second
l-:tr ;\:11 term opens August 3. ISM.
St. MARY'S GOLLEGeI
Etudiee will be resumed at St. Mary's College,
f.'»kl:i!.<l.'-Monday, August 1, 18S8.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
(FOR BOYS-LIMITED).
Large corps of teachers. Superior home ac-
commodations. Next term opens August 9,
IRA O. HOITT. Ph. P., Principal.
MiSSWEST'S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS,
..014 Van .Ness aye.; opens August 15. Certi-
ficate -admit* to VaKsnr, WelleOley and Smith
cr'llpfpj. Accredited to the University of Cali-
fornia KlnierKarten in 'connection with the
■chool . Number of house pupils limited.
THE HAMLIN SCHOOL
(Van Ness Seminary), IMS Jackson St.. S. F.
Term' opens August 4. Departments school
■work from Kindergarten to College Prepara-
tory Course, Address MISR SARAH D. HAM-
LIN, MRS. .EDNA BNBLL TOCLSON. '
i IRVING INSTITUTE.
w Meet boarding and day school for young
; 2126 California st., Kan Francisco. Will
■■TUen August 1. Accredited to universities.
F'ltt'.riary and full conservatory mui-lr. Prl-
marv department for .'hlldren. Carriage will
.rail." RKV. KDWARD UNCHURCH, A. M.
A— THE LTCEJJM PREPARATORY BCHOOL
—This school prepares students for the uni-
versity. Lan- and medical colleges; Its grad-
uate* are admitted without examination to
Stanford UnlversHy and Cooper College on
recommendation of the prlnclnal: references,
Pr-Hident Jordan or any Stanford professor.
Phelan building.
0N UNNAMED DERELICT.
Tf)e Underwriters are in a quandary as to the iderjtity of the vessel seer) bottorr) up by Captain
Rasroussen of the schooner Louise. Al! of then) say it is not the hull of the barK Forest Queen, sortie
of them thin^ it is the remains of the schooner Nomad overdue from China, while others thinlOt is
some vessel that left the coast last May and is now overdue at her destination.
SAND CRABS
VICTORIOUS
They Defeat the Famous
Gilt Edges.
DONLIN PITCHES SUPERBLY
UMPIRE SWEENEY'S DECISION
WAS PERFECT.
The Game a Great One From Start
to Finish and Was Won
Through Opportune
Hitting.
BY JOE CORBETT.
" Recreation Park was the scene of a
grand game of ball yesterday afternoon,
In which the famous Gilt Edges of Sacra
; mento met defeat at the hands of the
! Sand Crabs by the score of 2 to 1.
| A great crowd— acknowledged by all to
be the largest yet seen at the park on a
Saturday— turned out, and testl!i«-d their
appreciation of the excellent ball played
j by occasionally letting out a few links of
I their vocal abilities, directing their ap-
p lause. however, generally to Mr. Donlln,
the new acquisition of the Sand Crabs.
The gentleman is not new to the fans,
having demonstrated his abilities on a
former occasion when acting in the same
capacity for the "Florists" of San Jose.
j He was very good on that occasion, DUt
: yesterday he was simply great, and to
i his superior pitching is principally due
the Sand Crabs' notable victory.
In nine long yet interesting innings the
: Gilt Edges were able to connect with his
deceptive shoots but twice, and such a
performance certainly deserves commen
: datlon. His wlldness at times marred the
i excellence of his work, especially in the
j fourth inning, when, with the cushions
i full he gave his opponents their only run
i by giving the batsman a base on balls.
I Had he taken his time on this occasion
i just long enough to collect himself I doubt
' whether the Gilt Edges would nave
i ecored at all. He displayed symptoms of
1 being wild at the very beginning, yet
.managed to do most effective work All
! told, he gave eight bases on balU which
; is not so good, by-the-by. To offset th.s
wildness, he caused seven of his oppo
nents to fan the atmosphere, and a few
j of them did so at very critical stages of
| th Hiß a sUJn««. however, was of very llt
! tie consequence, save on the occasion
i mentioned, for with it he combined ex
ceedingly clever work, not only In the box,
• but at the hat and in the field. This clev
er work included a hot drive at Doyle In
! the second inning, which he beat out and
then instantly stole second through the
efforts of as pretty a slide as I have seen
th He B wolSed the plate shortly after on
Fitzgerald's cracking single with the first
run of the game. He is an all-round good
I player, and with better control of the
ball, would be a very hard nut to crack
for any team In the league.
His opponent, Doyle, pitched the kind
of a game that would win nine times out
of ten, and was also unfortunate, as the
i few hits made ofT him were opportune.
i He was steady and collected throughout,
but as I said tfefore, when hits were
made they came when needed, especially
so in the eighth Inning when the Sand
Crabs, by a base on balls and a three
bagger, tallied the run that decided the
came
And the scoring of this run was at
tended with a kick which, for a moment
took on a serious aspect. The Gilt Edges
threatened to quit the game, and things
In general became mixed, for the decision
of Sweeney was looked upon by a few as
very wrong. . , _.
The play in question happened In this
manner: with Devereaux on .first. S.trieb
hit for three bases. The ball was re
turned to the plate, and Stanley had it
Just in time to put his man out, but tell,
or rather Bat, on the plate. , ,
At the same Instant the runner slid In
feet first. Stanley, In his sitting position,
made an attempt to touch him and the
umpire called the runner safe. The play
was very close, and being undecided I
went to ; the club • house - and > interviewed
those spectators and players, including
Mr. Sweeney, who were in a much bettter
position to see the play than I was, and
the opinions of all agreed that the runner
was safe. In view of this fact and. the
i convincing explanations offered • I 1 came to
! the same conclusion, ami in consequence
! consider that the Sand Crabs won a great
contest. The game throughout wan an
excellent exhibition, Doth teams putting
forth their best efforts,. and doing so In a
laudable manner. A lightning double play
in which Devereaux was the central fig
ure and Peeple's great one-handed stop
caused Immense applause. In the field
both teams were equal,, each having an
error. The support accorded: the pltjch
tirety. The support accorded the ptfeh
ers was of course supewo, nd the game
In all its departments was worthy or the
big crowd.' The score follows:
BACRAMENTO. .
AB. R. BK. SB. PO. A. E
Peoples, 3 b.... '..:... 2 0 0 0 12 0
Hutchlnson, 1 b..... 3 0 1 o 14 0 0
Doyle, p.......'......; 4 ; l 0 0 0 6 0
Stanley, c 3 0 0.. 0 3 0 0
Harvey, r. f :.. 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Htmhes, 2 b .....2 0 0 0 0 1 0
Khana.l-.an. c. f....... S 0 00 0 0 0
LockhPnd, s. 8 8,0 0 0 3 8 1
Borland, 1. f 4 ,0 1 0 1 0 0
Totals ......' '.27 ' 1 2 0 24 IS "l
SANTA TRT-7.
V, J-'--. - AB. R. HH. SB. PO. A.">E."
Mclntyre, at...:...* 0-0- 0 1 0 0
William*, a. 5. ....... 4 02 1 l < . n
Pevereau*. 3 b ...... 4 003 8 "6
Streib. 1.-f.V.......... 4 0 10 10 0
Donlln. p.. ....■.....?. 4 12 10 6 0
Arrellftn»K. 2 b..'..... 8 0 ;1 .^0; 4 1 l
Fitzgerald. ;l b....;.. 3 0 1 f 'O 10 0 0
C: DaubenblH. c.v... 3 0^ 0 0 7 0 0
McGrath, r.-.f........ 3 0 ' o'<o 0 0 0
Totals . .:....- ....32 2 ..: 7 ■ 2 27 13 1
."...- , RUNS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento . .'.:..":..... 0 0 0 1 0 0s 0 ; 0 o—l
' Base hits ;..:........ 0 0 0 1 0 0 1. 0 "0—
Santa Crua 0 10 0 0 0' 0- 1 *— 2
Base hits .;.... 13100101 •— 7
THE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1898.
SUMMARY:
Runs responsible fur— Doyle, 1. Two-base
hit— Strelb. Sacrifice hit— Hutchlnson. Kase on
errors— Sacramento, 1; Santa Cruz, 1. Bafts on
ballr— Sacramento, 8; Santa Cruz, 0. Left on
bases— Sacramento, 9; Santa Cruz. (i. Struck
out — Hy Doyle, 3; by Donlin, 7. Double play—
Derereaux to Arrellanea t.> Pitsgerald. Passed
ball — Paubenbls. Time of game — 1:30. Um
pire—Charles Sweeney.
GILT EDGES VS. ATHLETICS.
They Will Compete This After
noon at Recreation
Pork.
The Gilt Edges will try to redeem them
selves In their game to-day with the Ath
letics.
A ltlg delegation will be on hand from
Sacramento to cheer them on, and home
talent should not fail to be on hand. The
; game will undoubtedly be a grand one.
The line-up is as follows:
Gilt Edges. Position. Athletics.
Stanley Catcher Peters
Harvey FMtcher Fitzpatrlok
Hutchi nson First base Payne
Hughes Second base Reilly
Peenles Third base Johnson
Lockhoad Shortstop Stultz
Borland Left field McLauphlln
Shanahan Center field Ford
Doyle Right field . . .Hllderbrand
SWIMMING AT SUTRO'S.
An Inviting Programme Prepared
for To-Day's Entertainment.
There is an excellent programme down
for to-day's pport at Sr.tro's baths. There
will be swimming, diving ami spring
board sommersaults in which some of the
best athletes of the city will participate.
The following are some of the entries on
the programme: The grand aquatic ex
hibition will commence at 2:30 p. m. with
a 50-yard dash for juvenile novices, in
which are entered T. C. Jerome. J. Sulli
van, H. Springer, D. Stewart. R. Orozler,
D. Cook, E. L. Devrre and C. Mossltt;
next following is a T.'-yaxd dash for ju
venilos, handicapped, with entries— L.
Walters. A. Adams, B. Caters, P. Rear
don, W. Li. Robinson. S. Bennett and D.
Van Act Naillen; handicap, open to all,
at 120 yards. In which professionals of
local reputation will participate, among
of whom will be J. MilW. a member of the
Kansas Volunteers: J. Ringrose of the C.
A. S. C; R. P.athburn. K. S. W. C; C.
Clough. C. A. S. C; A. Croskie, N. S. C;
H. Hirsrhneld. C. A. S. C; G. Stork. P.
A. S. C; D. Carroll. C. A. S. C.: D. Don
ovan. I. S. C.J I->- Nicholes of Tennessee.
Obstacle race, open to all. over the entire
surface of the pond, entries— A. Runke,
"W. Fisher. H. Mi'ler, T. Ryan, C. Kltter,
R. Reynolds, C. Cnrny, F. de Ballvlelle,
G. Balls, G. Tannan and 1,. Nicholes.
Trick and trapeze diving from spring
board, open to all, entries — G. Laeosta,
S. Green. C. Clough. G. Cosgrove, A. L.
Baker. H. Hirschfield. T. Ronton. E.
Strolle. G. Green. G. Whiteside. W. Smith,
D. Donovan, D. Carroll and R. Ralph, all
of whom are club men of local fame.
TOOK "KNOCK-OUT DBOPS."
Frank Clayton Tries to Make a Bluff
Good in Judge Mogan's Court.
Frank Clayton, who was arrested a few
days ago on Kearny street by Detectives
Gibson and Wren while In the company
of a well known thief named Doughertv
and In whose pockets when searched two
vials containing "knock-out drops" were
found, appeared before Judge Mogan yes
terday on a charge of vagrancy.
The vials were produced in court and
Clayton declared that they contained a
mild solution of chloral which he was In
the habit of taking before going to bed,
as he was troubled with insomnia. To
prove the truth of his assertion he offered
to swallow the contents of both vials If
allowed half an hour between the doses.
The Judge consented and Clayton swal
lowed a dose. He was put back In the
dock to wait for half an hour before tak
ing the second dose, but in a few minutes
he began to squirm, and Attorney Tread
well, who defended him, had to run for
sugar as Clayton complained of the hor
rible taste. At the expiration of the half
hour he refused to swallow the other dose.
Clayton testified In his own behalf that
he had been working as a waiter in the
Bohemian Club, the California Hotel and
in Owen's restaurant on Ninth street. He
declared that he did not know that
Dougherty was a thief. The detectives
testified that Dougherty had used "knock
out drops" while stealing from his vic
tims.
The Judge continued the case till Tues
day, when he will give his decision.
Fred Bell a Defendant.
Evelyn P. Ferry flled suit yesterday
against Fred Bell to recover $1000 for
board and lodging and $GOO for services
rendered the defendant In the capacity of
a nurse during his illness two years ago.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Schilling's Best
tea is delicious,
and never did any=
6
WEARIED OF
LIFE IN JAIL
Antone Burgle Tried to
Commit Suicide.
MADE A ROPE OF HIS SHEET
IS SERVING A LONG SENTENCE
FOR ATTEMPTED MURDER.
Tried to Kill Sigmund Braverman
Year Ago as Vengeance
for a Fancied
Wrong.
Antone Burgle, who is serving a seven
years' sentence for assault to commit
murder, attempted suicide In the County
Jail at about 5 o'clock yestc?rday morning.
The story of Burgles troubles is a long
one, and has already been told at some
length. In 18S5 he rented a store on Clay
street, near Kearny, of Louis Braverman
and opened a restaurant. His business
was a failure, and he finally closed up his
store, just in time to escape a writ of
execution about to be served upon him
by the Sheriff for failure to pay his rent.
A short time later he rented a place at
Washington street, where he started an
other restaurant.
The fates warned to be against him, as
this business venture also proved a fail
ure, and finally Mr. Braverman put his
bills for rent In the hands of a collection
agent. He was unable to realize anything
on them and put the whole matter in the
Sheriff's hands.
On the afternoon of July 14, 1897, a dep
uty sheriff visited Burgles place of busi
ness with a writ of attachment. The
restaurateur, made desperate by business
worries, declared that he would have his
revenge on the son of his "persecutor,"
Sigmund L. Braverman, who kept a jew
elry-store on Post street. The Sheriffs
deputy, while not thinking the man In
tended to carry out his threat, thought it
wise to keep on the safe side and warn
Mr. Braverman. He arrived too late,
however, as the duel in the jewelry-store
had already taken place, and both men
were under a doctor's care. Burgle got
the worst of It, however, and to this day
carries two bullets in his body. For a
time he was not expected to live, and
while on his bed at the Receiving Hos
pital made an anto-mortem statement, In
which he freely confessed his crime, say
ing further that he had intended ending
his life after he had killed Braverman,
but as he had failed he would do so at
the first opportunity.
Contrary to all expectations, he recov
ered, and on trial was convicted and sen
tenced to seven years' Imprisonment.
Since his confinement, while quiet, he has
been sullen and morose. Yesterday morn
ing a trusty, hearing a strange noise in
his cell, made an Investigation, and found
that the prisoner had ma«le a rope of his
bedclothes, fastened It to a convenient
projection and was slowly choking to
death He was cut down, and in the fu
ture will be closely guarded.
Pressed by Their Creditors.
Dr. W. F. McAllister was sued in the
Justices' Court yesterday for $12 55,
claimed to be due for coal furnished him
by A. H. Greenberg.
District Attorney Barnes, at present
captain of one of the volunteer companies
stationed at Camp Barrett, has been Bued
for $197 "v. alleged to be due on a note
given by htm to the Rifldori Iron and Lo
comotive Works November 20, 1806, to
gether with accrued interest at the rate
of 3 per cent a month.
Indorsed Congressman Maguire.
The Democrats of the Thirty-third As
sembly District, who are following the
fortunes of the Harney-Rainey regiment
of the local Democracy, met at Maenner
bund Hall Friday night and perfected
an organization. Ex-Assemblyman G.
Godfrey 'was elected chairman, John
O'Donnell secretary, R. W. Blake treas
urer and Frank Norton sergeant at arms.
The club Indorsed the candidacy of Con
gressman Maguire for Governor.
KOOLAWN MAY
BE WINNER
Hooper's Dog Easily Dis
posed of the Buck.
COURSING THROUGH THE FOG
PASHA KENNELS WITHDRAW
ALL THEIR CHARGES.
Coursing That Should Attract a
Large Gathering of Sport
Lovers To-
Day.
Excellent coursing was witnessed yes
terday at Union Coursing Park. The hares
did not run as strong as usual, but a few
days of fine weather and less fog will
make a great change in the game little
animals which are accustomed to a very
warm climate. Then, again, this is the
breeding season and hares never run well
during the summer months.
Owing to the death of a sister of Mr. J.
H. Rosseter, all of the dogs entered by
the Pasha kennels were withdrawn, there
by giving their fortunate opponents a
chance to win some of the money at stake.
The short-enders that won yesterday
were Obadlah, L. S. Conley, The Gossoon
and Koolawn.
The course between Flying Buck and
Koolawn was not in the least bit close as
the bitch led from the slip, scored first
turn and held her game well in hand to
the finish. She stands an excellent chancei
of catching the long end of the stake, if
not put out finally by Rosette. Quiver
and White Lily had a sharp argument.
The Lily led from the slips, but in a long
run up to game (Quiver closed the gap and
took charge after the first turn, scoring
rapidly on her opponent. Many people
thought ihat Quiver had put to his credit
the greater number of points, but Judge
Bull should know best and he decided in
favor of the favorite, White Lily. The
winners and losers of the run down are as
follows:
Open stake; seventy-two entries; result: For
Persecution run a bye; Jester beat Preclta
Girl; Prince Hal beat Beauty; Obadlah beat
Ta-ra-ra: Winged Foot beat Bendlgo; Vanity-
Fair beat Mona: Lady Blanche beat White
Wings; Walt .a Little beat Tocoloma; Cavalier
beat The Turk; False Flatterer beat St. Ger
trude; Sky ball beat Minneapolis; Jersey Lily
beat Jtmmle Cork; Rusty Gold beat Top
Notch: Theron beat Lalla Rookh; Rosette
beat Johnnie R; L. S. Conley beat Miller's
Maid; Sweet Lips ran a bye; Mountain Beau
ty ran a bye; Arrow beat Santa Rosa; The
GosFoon beat Hot Stuff; Llrsak beat Little
Dorritt; Sir Wilful beat Glenwood; Royal
Buck beat WlMflower; Glenstone beat Sun
white; Thornhill ran a bye: Lady Belle beat
Green Valley Maid: Wayfarer beat Douglas;
Rapid ran a bye; Blackstnne beat Monotony;
Rosie R bent Mystery: Wiiltp Lily beat Quiv
er: Pretender beat Santa Bella; Koolawn beat
Flying Ruck; Laurolwood beat Blacklock:
Chili Pepper beat Gov. Markham; Tod Sloan
beat Highland Ball.
INGLESIDE.
Excellent Sport in the Open
Stake Under Bad-Weather
Conditions.
The sport at Inglcslde Coursing Park
yesterday was of excellent class and held
the spectators' attention until the last
brace of dogs left the slips. For an open
stake, Where so many craok dogs were
contending, an unusually large number of
short-enders scored. The most notable
Instance was that li which LasPalmas, at
5 to 1, beat Granuule, the favorite.
J. Dean's Connemara is the favorite for
the stake, with the same owners' Moon
dyne the second choice.
The day was cold and blustery, and the
fog which rolled in late in the afternoon
obscured the last few courses from the
view of the spectators.
The following are the results of the run
down in both the sapling and the all-age
stake:
Sapling stake— J. Murnane's Wolfe Tone beat
J. Dean's Scout: B. Buum's Belmont Boy beat
"W. J. Jones' Rusuan; W. J. Jones' Prince Je
rome a bye (Nelly G Tiot present); T. Sulli
vp.n's Maid of Hill beat Gibbons & Hartery'a
Briar Sweet; E. V. Sullivan's Conqueror beat
Dillon & Rellly's Mack Hawk; W. J. Jones'
Lady Marian a bye (Chief of Hill not present) ;
Dillon & Rellly's Volunteer beat F. Herring's
St. Elmo.
All-aged stake— George E. Ehman's Fireman
bent T. J. Cronin's Reliable; James Byrne's
Mohawk boat Pembroke Kennel's Slyvanus; F.
C. Kenny's Mary X beat Kay & Tram's InnlF
fallen; P. O'Donnell'B Counterfeit beat Alfred
Halgh's Huttel; Penelope Kennel's Las Palmas
beat Dillon & Rollly's Granuale: Larkey &
Rock's Peaceful Glen beat Xapoleon Kennel's
Fireball; Pembroke Kennel's Maxlc beat J.
Murphy's Dempsey Lass; Kay & Trant's
Masterpiece beat C. F. Brown's Rosalie; M. C.
Delano's Trinket beat F. Dwyer's Schley; Pem
broke Kernel's Terrona beat W. H. O'Nell's
Promlße Me: Deckelman &. Panario's Glen
Chloe beat H. M. Spring's Bill N'ye; Lowe &
Thompson's High Born Lady beat T. Mc-
Hugh's Matchless; Dillon & Rellly's Queen B
beat J. Quane's Fairy D; Deckelman & Pa
nario's Glen Roy beat Gibson & Moore's
Monitor; P. Brophy'? Benlcta Boy beat R. W.
Wyman's Rush o' Hill; J. Dean's Connemara
boot Alfred Halgh's Hadowlst; T. A. Gaffney's
Bir John Arnott beat E. Campbell's Lee Boy;
D Flynn's Tom Bell beat W. T. Sullivan's
Trlnk; J. Murnane's Flashlight beat E. V. Sul
livan's Jesse Moore; J. Eagan's B. Gladstone
beat M. Nealon's Van Kapp; Dockelman &
Pnnarlo's Old Glory boat F. Jnnes' Moonlight;
G. Smart's Sllkwood beat K. W. Blake's Philip
pine; D. Ford's Bonlta beat W. Dalton's
Decency; J. Dean's Moondyne beat M. C. De
lano's Daisy Hill; D. Shannon's Swlnnerton
beat J. Farley's Tullnmore; Larkey & Rock's
Myrtle beat J. Sheohnn's Lass o' Gnwrle; Lowe
& Thompson's \ ictor beat H. M. N. Spring's Pat
Malloy; H. McNeil's Sportsman beat J. Cox's
Clifton Lam: D. Shannon's Systematic beat
D. Chillis' St. Nicholas; G. Thomas' Sir Walter
beat J. Cox's Mission Tip; F. Black's Oeel
dentnl beat J. Sexsmith's Marjorie; Handy &
Smith's Ida beat H. M. N. Spring's Master
Jack. _____»__________
Cruelty of a Parent.
Thomas Dougherty, a laborer, living on
Mlnesota street, was yesterday sent to the
County Jail for six months by Judge Low
for cruelty to his two young children.
Dougherty is a big, powerful man anil was
arrested about two weeks ago for battery
upon his wife. She pleaded so hard for
htm that the case was dismlsfied. As noon
as he got home Dougherty chased his wife
out of the house and sold the furniture.
The children were left to find food and
shelter for themselves and one of the
neighbors took pity upon them after he
found them asleep In ,each other's arms
on the veranda of the empty house.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CITYOF#Bi PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
200 PAIRS of NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, full width and length, value at $1.75
and $2.00 per pair. On sale at
$1.50.
150 PAIRS of NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, in Brussels and Fishnet effects. On
sale at
$2.00 per pair.
200 PAIRS of IRISH POINT CURTAINS, in Ivory and White, ail of the latest
designs, value at $5.50 and $6.00. On sale at
$4.50 per pair.
100 PAIRS of IRISH POINT CURTAINS, in Ivory and White, value at $7.50.
On sale at
$6.00 per palr #
Handsome line of REPP PORTIERES, in all the latest coloring, value at $4.50.
On 8 ale at
$3.50 per pair.
New line of heavy, double-faced REPP PORTIERES, good value at $7.00.
On sale at
$5.75 per pair.
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
CITY OF PARISIRYIOODS COMPANY,
Southeast Corner Geary and Stockton Streets.
UNION SQUARE.
DAWS ON
CITY
And Yukon River Points.
Direct Connection via ST. MICHAEL.
Elegant Steel Steamship
LEELANAW
300 Passengers; Capacity, 3000 . Tons Freight.
SAILING AUGUST 4th.
Freight to St. Michael , $15 per ton. .
Apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
Liebes Building. 139 POST ST.
i^ifM§|B§|PT|(PF
flP^i^^r^ / / £? JF r>
til —^/Kr^ 1 : " "•' ' :^** *•'' Il\di-Jm
I S /^bl\ We have hundreds of ; letters i
'^X similar to the following now on
file at our office :
OCCIDENTAL, Sonoma County, Cal.
February 28. 1898.
Dr : Pierce & Son— Gentlemen: I wish to In-
form you that . the Magnetic . Elastic Truss
which I purchased at your office the 6th of last
i December CURED ME OF RUPTURE WITH-
I IN TWO MONTHS. I am over 60 years of age.
i There is no mistake about the fact that your
1 celebrated Truss will positively CURE RUP-
TURE, and I hereby heartily recommend it to
all ruptured persons. Yours sincerely,
:'": ;",:c . - C. S. COLLINS.
IC7If you don't want to remain ruptured and
have to wear trusses all your life, you should
! call at our office or send 2c in , stamps for our
."Pamphlet No.-l," and learn how to get cured.
Address
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO., j
620 MARKET ST.,
Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
iahv 4 ncucnv engineer and at-
JUlI« A- DCNMJW, TORNEY-508 Montgom-
ery St., San Francisco, Cal. Land scrip
for sale. Surveyed and unsurveyed lands lo-
cated and patents secured anywhere in the
United States without settlement. Timber and
grazing lands bought and sold. I represent
specially cases arising before the Internal Rev-
enue and Treasury Departments. ■ Also cases }
arising under the regulations governing the
tariff and trade of the Hawaiian and Philip-
pine Islands, and the war revenue law. My
business will have the attention of eminent
Washington attorneys. •
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S " at
jflfa Museum of Anatomy
I p|£|\ 1051 1U2ZZT ST. bet 6th 4 7th, S.F. Cad.
fi 5 9 The Largest of Its kind In tin Torld.
is»j?\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
ivfWyW Bk Consultation free. * rite Ibr Book
|lj of Marriage.
& U ' h MAILED FREE.
"D TT C 17 C! FOR BARBERS. bak-
11 XIU Oll.JukD ers < bootblacks, bath-
- - houses, ... billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers, canners,
dyers,' tlourm'lls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar- roof era,- tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS., . .
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
For the explorer, the surveyor, tlie hunter*
miner, the lumberman, the sportsman or tourist,
Ripans Tabules are the one medicine that is con-
venient, always ready, portable, protected from
accident of Avind or wave, or climatic changes, and
In ninety-nine cases out of a hundred they fully
answer all requirements. Ripans Tabules will not
cure a cut made with an axe or a gun shot wound,
but in most cases the sufferer will be benefited by
swallowing one.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
j _
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PHOENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1897. and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL. "
Amount of capital stock, paid up In >
cash
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $2,224,952 50
Cash in company's office 13,627 99
Cash in banks .' 629,106 98
Premiums in due course of collection 225,510 02
Due from other companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid 2,330 58
Total assets $3,095,528 05
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $11,633 00.
Losses In : process of adjustment or
in suspense 186.279 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 42,795 00
: Gross premiums on flre risks running
one year or less, $1,659,350 35; re- '
insurance 60 per cent. • 829,69018
Gross premiums on flre risks running
more than one year, $1,167,522 47; re-
insurance pro rata 593,755 32*
All other demands against the com-
pany .' 172,174 5*
Total liabilities $1,836,347 04
- INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
! premiums ..." ......' .$2,024,809 86
I Received for interest and dividends - V.": •
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 90,619 90 .
Total income $2,115,489 76
( EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding $259,104 88 losses of previous •
year) •.. '.'.'.." $1,0C8,906 83
I Paid or allowed for commission or
| brokerage ... 390,212 72
j Paid for salaries, fees and other .
I charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 127,317 57
Paid for State, national * and local
taxes 63.635.00
All other payments and expenditures 159,337 01
Total expenditures $1,799,409 13
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $1,093,627 S3
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $378,725,1G0 $3,232,840 14
Net amount of risks .
1 1 expired during the year 375,911,727 3,304,688 69 \
Net amount In force De- •
cember 31, 1897 | 296.938,071! 2,826,902 82
A. D. IRVING, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23th
day of January, IS9S. ■ .
GEORGE O. RUGER, Notary Public.
BUTLER <fe HALDAM,
General Agents for Pacific Coast;
. ». ■ ■ ■ . '■ . ■
413 California Street, San Francisco.
fffl -. ChldiMter's English Diamond Brand. -
FENNYRQYAL PILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
B j.-^»*X Original and Only Gmulno. A
y>/T*tok •*?!, alvijf reliable. u>oit» **t /g\
AiMJr>SM n "Wgi«t for Oticheatert E-ngtUh Pia.Jft\
4**<fc»B^JKNm<m« Brand In Red »nd Gold metallic
Ta^ — •TwißJ'xims, soiled with bine ribbon. Take VSr
T?1 *©^ Kllll other. Ptf-itr dangtrou* ntbstitu- v
I / ~ fwtiont and imitation*. At Dmggiiti, or 4«.
I *»> JJf In Itampi for particnlin, teiiiraoaUls ■ »b4
VV* O "Relief Tot Ladles, " in letter, far rctara '
•A if Mail. 10,000 Tertimoolr.ls. Jfaae Paper.
_ > *— 'I Ok !<•>! e«t*r Co., M«A
BsldbT-.il ','■ ■• —-■-■ ■;.. - . ...... . 
1112
PAN. FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
tto.ll, corner of Market and Third streets, open
Until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH Q-TTCBS— 6« Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:"0 o'clock.
887 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock,
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
tStb Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
etreets, open until 9 o'clock.
; . ; CHI'HCH NOTICES.
..' FIRST- Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
..• block, 223 Sutter St., between Kearny and
Grant aye.— Christian Science Bible lessons,
U a. m. and 7:45 p. m. Subject, morning.
•• • "Spirit"; evening, "Ahab Gains a Vineyard
Through Treachery." Sunday school for chil-
dren, 11 a. m. Testimonial meeting Wednes-
day at S p. m. All are welcome.
BIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
."' Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan sts.— Rev.
„- • " John Stephens, pastor; residence, 309 Haight
" St. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. The
.••• pastor will preach at both services. Topic at
' 11 a. m., "The Throne of Glory," and at 7:45
p. m., "Divine Providence in National
Affairs." Sunday school at 12:30 p. m. ; C. B.
Perkins, superintendent. Epworth League
. meeting at 6:30 p. in. Prayer meeting
1.. • 'Wednesday evening at 7:45 o'clock. The pub-
lic cordially Invited to all the services of this
church. Seats free. Ushers in attendance.
,'• CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Powell
. • '•• and Geary sts.— Rev. John Hemphill. D.D.,
. pastor, will preach at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
Children may be presented for baptism at the
■■..'■' .beginning at the morning- service. Topic,
evening, "Gods- Wondrous Love." Music for
.'morning service: "Bencdlc Anima," S. P.
-Warren; offertory, alto solo, "Callest Thou,
" Thus O Master" (Nlietzke), Mrs. Sedgley-
• _-."• ' Reynolds.. Evening service: "Jubilate Deo"
. • . (E flaw, Arthur Poote; offertory, "I Heard
the Voice' <!>f Jesus Say," William Reed.
'. . "Strangers visiting the city and friends cor-
■;. " " • dlally invited.
;.' -.FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
.-• • Mason sts. — Rev. George C. Adams, "D.D.,
-.. pastor,- will preach morning and evening.
!. '•'•' • Morning service, 11 o'clock; theme. "Who Is
.• .• My Neighbor?" Evening service. 7:45 o'clock;
'■■■ . -theme, -Son of God." Sunday-school and
'-. : Bible classes at 12:45 p. m. Y. P. S. C. X.,
•..-'".'• »:30 p.- m. Samuel D. Mayer, organist and
■■...■■ •■ choirmaster. ■
.■,:" THE 'First Divine Science Church.— M. E.
'■.■'': ' Cramer, pastor. Discourse by Alice E. Cra-
•':/.'. nier.' Subject: "I Am Alpha and Omega."
•■: .Services at li a. m,. in Yosemlte Hall. Native
: " .'..'- .Sons •' Building, • Mason st., bet. Geary and
:•-.•.■.. forest st's. • (Take elevator). All are welcome.
►'("•! REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ, or-
•■'.•■ -"ganixed'ln 1ii.30 by command of God, meets
': •" .' at .320 Post st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:45
• ' . "p. m. by- F. 'M. Sheehey, missionary from the
'-._..: ..East." Strangers Invited. Ail welcome.
'•l '.'CHRISTIAN HEALING," through prayer
.'.'■.■■ • and .laying on- of hand, and Gospel sermons
'■'•'. .-from' texts chosen by the audience, by Rev.
' s . Francis Warnon," at Mills Tabernacle,
...'•:■ -.Twelfth and Webster, Oakland; Sundays at 2
.! ' .'-and 6 p. m.. and every evening (Saturdays
" ' ■excepreU) at 6:30. Last Sabbath No sick
..-.''.; folk experienced gracious healing, including
. . -■• ' a- .deaf.-mute.- who Instantly began to hear
...-•-•" ;• and speak. ' To-day many Oakland and Los
"... {-Angeles testimonies of great "permanent"
'. •. . healings, including the sudden recovery of
■ " '.; another alleged "dying" person. Our perl-
"• \ odica,l "Healing Wings" will contain num-
/. ' erous 'testimonies -of wonderful healings of
-. : . ..- cancers, consumption, tumors, blindness,
-! ' .' paralysis, deaf-mutes, etc., in Oakland and j
*; .- .Lbs Angeles; .also the "Plain Truth" regard- j
.;. ..ing- a recent noted cure; and Los Angeles
..: matters in IJ>;<4. with communications from
.:."•' twenty clergyman. Mr. Warnon will short-
••• . !y _old Healing Services In all the principal
. .. towns on the" coast, in the order of applica-
■."'.- t'^.r..^ received. '" Doctrinal teaching by Rev.
■•-."' A. ■ Coplin. Drlng up your sick.
'.-.ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
.'.';■ j--st's.— VThjs afternoon at 3 o'clock, patriotic
' '. ' miss meeting, ojen to both men and women.
-.-'. Address by Rev. William Rader. Music by a
■'.I- --.select quartet from the First New York Regi-
■':' '. . ment and a male chorus under direction of
11. Powell Evans. The- public cordially in-
■ .': . vited. Military drill at Mechanics' Pavilion
, •". -.next Thursday night by the Twentieth Kan-
'•':;_ '. bwp Regiment. An original programme. Pub-
• . ' : lie urged to patronise 11 for the benefit of the
- ' . Christ Commission work.
•' : CAMBRIAN Hall. 1133 Mission St.— Gwasanaeth
••- cymrt-ig bqreu am chwarter i unarddeg, nwyr
.•.•:'• am haner iwr wedi palth, pregethu boreu a
■ .. • fcwyr yn gymraeg pan y Parch K. Vaughan
"-. Griffiths. J Sabboth olaf o'i ymweliad a San
; . Francisco, dia'mheu y byddwn fel Cymry yma
' . . ; ag Oakland yn cymeryri mantals or cyfleusdra
': • ■" Iw glywed, gwahoddiad cynes, croesjaw calon
'. ; I I ■.-■,■ -
: AT the strangers' Sabbath hone. 643 Howard
St., 'li ward -1 "Methodist Church, between
■ ■ Second ami Third. 2 blocks from Cnll build-
;. , t ing; telephone Black 961— John A. B. Wilson.
•'. ■ pastor.' At 11 a. m. the pastor will preach on
•.. ' . "Divine*- Guidance At 7 15 prelude on "Our
■' .. Duty .to the Philippines"; sermon, "Our
•• ' ' Enemy at Home." Song service. New
• . . ir.usl.e'. . Temperance song] All always wel-
come. Special music by the Misses Perkins.
'. "'.. THEOSOPHICAL Soc 1 c t y— Public lectures
every. Sunday evening at B o'clock in Odd
;„ .Fellows" building, corner Market and Seventh
-..' ' Fts. To-night. "Heaven and Hell," by Miss
Nellie .pashlell Lotus circle for children
.; ;in same building at 2:30 o'clock. Lodge meet-
■ ' ing every Wednesday at i p. m. All meetings
 .- open to the, public.
'■'.. UNIVERSAL Brotherhood— Lodge No. 7.
• . "'■ . (Theosophical Society in America.)
■- ' . "(International Brotherhood League.) -'- r :
.- • '819 Market st. Lecture to-night, "The Practl-
'; ' .cal and the Ideal." C. B. Woodruff; Tuesday
. '•; rti«h'. ".Mediumship"; Saturday night,
; "Brotherhood."
-';.; ' SUNDAY MEETINGS.
' = MBS, J: ".T. WHITNEY
""iV Will give a. grand list meeting (names of
.' -. • Spirit! given in full, with messages, personal
;• N ' questions answered) this, Sunday evening, 8
o'clock sharp, at Z(a Larkin st.; admission
: 10c-; resilience, 232 Stockton st.
I MME. FLORENCE' MONTAGUE receives at
her parlors, 1103U Broadway, Oakland, till
.' further notice; circle Wednesday evening;
news -of public meetings and future move-
. ments published in this column.
AT Dr.- Rim spiritual society, 909 Market; 11,
free; 2-8, 10c: _■_. Bealey, Barclay and Lean-
tier; Dr. R. and Carpenter; office, 935 Market
st.: 10" to 12 and 4 to 8 p. m.
LECTURE by Mrs. Chandler on "The Science
-of Palmistry," Sunday, S p. m., Shasta Hall,
Native Sons' building. Mason st., bet. Geary
and Post; admission 10c.
IRENE SMITH lectures to-night. Gler's Hall,
Oakland; readings in psychometry and palm-
• istry after lecture.
TEST meeting, 2 and 8 p. m., 10c; 335 McAllis-
ter st. : R. A. Etitt, Nita, Mrs. Bird, Har-
•:. .. grave, others.
• MRS.' EGGERT AITKKN, circles Sunday ant
•'• Thursday eves., 25c; 320 McAllister .->., mO
• ■ tings daily.
.' " MMi: YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; lite. 605 McAllister St.; come, skeptics.
" TEST meeting to-night; Mesdames Robinson,
Tobias, Griffin, Drew. 6th and Market; free.
MEETING NOTICES.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. & A. M.. ■ '
. Masonic Temple, Post and Montgomery _ _r_ .
sts.— Officers and members are no- TS jt
titled to attend a special meeting f^r
SUNDAY, July 31, at 9:30 o'clock a.m., for
■ the purpose of conducting the funeral ser-
vices of our deceased brother, ABRAHAM
KAPLAN. Master Masons are Invited to at-
tend. By order of -'■ ..
THOMAS L. HILL; W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M., _
121 Eddy St., will meet on SUNDAY _/V_
nt 12:30 p. m. to attend the funeral ot^jf
• .our late brother, JOSEPH L. WIL- /V>
SON. Master Masons are Invited
. GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
.-• EIGHTH annual piclnc of the County ___««>
. . Leltrlm Social Club will be held fit \SWJf
Harbor View Park on SUNDAY \l-^(
August 21. New attractions. Valu- c£\*/jj
able prizes. • Admission 2".<- Soldiers **t£
• ' fT tf- t _.?_,*_; M"';rsHlN,M "' ;rs HIN, President.
M. J. MOHAN, Secretary.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Association will hold
the twelfth annual picnic at Shell Mound
Tax*. Berkeley, on Sunday, August 7 1898
■ A large amount of valuable gate and 'game
..•_ prizes are selected for the occasion by the
•ommittee. Adult tickets, 50 cents; children
: ender 12 years, free; boats leave every half
hour for park. * '
■■ DONE.GAL Social Club will hold a pleasant
and enjoyable reunion and picnic at W ld
. wood Glen. Sausallto, SUNDAY. July 31
ANNUAL Meetlng-The re ular annual meeting
./•■-• stockholders of the Hakalau Plantation
Cempany will be held at the office of the
company 327 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal
... on *£ ONL)A .\\ the , Ist day of August. 189 S. at
..- the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose
. of electing a Board of Directors to serve for
the ensuing year and the transaction of such
' . other business as may come before the meet-
•:■•■.' ',"?' '«» Transfer books wlll close on Friday.
July 29, IS9B, at 3 o'clock p. m ''
• __; ■ E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. .
ANNUAL meeting of the Rlsdon Iron and
Locomotive Works-The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Rlsdon Iron and
Locomotive Works. frr the election of trus-
tees for the ensuing year and the transac-
tion of such other business as may be
brought before the. meeting, win be held at
the office of the company, southeast corner
of Beale and Howard streets. San Francisco.
..on MONDAY, the Ist day of August 189 S.
at 11 o'clock a. m. L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
■" THE regular annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Waldeck Sanatorium will be
■ - held at 717 Jones st. TUESDAY. EVENING
August 2, at 8:30 o'clock. •■■■.,:■■•■.
:. ' '■ - E. E. KELLY, Secretary. •
• A WEEK'S . news for 6 ■ cents— The ; Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
.1 r
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d.
DH. AGNES WINZELL, the celebrated elec^
trklan, at 1191 Market, cor. Sixth st.
Ssc a PAIR; curtains done up same as new;
send postal. 16 Leavenworth st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery _t.. room 6; tel. 6140
DIVIDEND NOTiC-d.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. S3 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany will be payable at tho office of the com-
pany, 327 Market St., on and aTter August 1,
1898. Transfer books will close on Tuesday,
July 2C. IS9S, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
BAIPLOYMKXT OFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment Office— First-class se-
leot help. 535 Market St.; phone Clay 130.
SITUATIONS W ANTED— FEMALE.
LADIES— We have on hand flrot-class cooks,
housegirls, second girls, nurseglrls and young
girls to assist. Your orders will receive
prompt and careful attention. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary St.; phone Grant 185.
NUMBER of girls of all nationaltles awaiting
situations at MRS. HIRD'S Employment Of-
fice, G3l Larkln st. Telephone, gutter 52.
WANTED— Second work or general housework;
experienced. Apply basement 735 Harrison.
FIRST-CLASS seamstress wants situation In
private family; willing and able to do -any
kind of work; speaks French. Address by
letter only, 1340 Misslon^st^
BTRONG, refined young woman student desires
a position as assistant in doctor's office; best
references. Box 456, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged woman as
cook; city or short distance in country; wages
$26. Box 496, Call office
GERMAN girl 17 years old wishes to assist In
general housework. 13 Valparaiso St.
DKKSSMAKINt.: Tailor made and evening
gowns; also children', work; $1 B0 a day; ref-
erences If required. The Salisbury, 299 Hyde.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants light house-
work with elderly couple or couple without
children; good plain cook; good • references.
Address box 112. Call office.
PLAIN sewing, children's dresses neatly done
by a German woman by the day or at home.
Call or address 673 Minna st.
I MAKE a specialty of washing and mend-
Ing flannels. Address 111 Oak st.
LADY wishes position as housekeeper or as
lady'B companion. 2525 Bryant st., near 24th.
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes work In fam-
ilies by the day; terms to suit. Park Hotel,
26 to 28 Turk st.
JAPANESE g-irl would like housework nnd
Plain cooking. Address box 242, Call of.ic*.
POSITION wanted by lady of 30 as lady's
nurse or traveling companion; land and sea
experience; references given. Box 163, Call.
I'EFINED woman wishes employment <=.<
working housekeeper; reference. Cox 460,
Call office.
ACCOMPLISHMENTS, English l.rin;hes,
modern languages taught in «-xch_nKe Irr
pleasant home in Stockton or this city. Box
In, Cull office.
PARTIES K"lnc to New York wishing the ser-
vices of a reliable woman can have same for
paying her fare; references. J. H. 8.. box
502. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS seamstress, middle-aged lady,
wishes work with dressmaker, 75c a day. Ad-
dress box 472. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by experienced young
w.-man cooking and -eneral housework: wages
$2 : first-ciass crtj reference. Box 44.". Call.
RELIABLE elderly I'rotestant woman wishes
housework in small family: good plain cook;
wages $15 to (SO. ISI Erie st.. between Thlr-
tenth and Fourteenth, near Folsom.
WOMAN wishes a situation by the day; wash-
ing and ironing. 12OA Stevenson st.
LiERMAN woman would like to do washing
or housedeanlag by the day. Call or ad-
dress 711 Minna st.
YOUNG lady would like position as cham-
bermaid In Finall house »r any other kind
of work; sleep home. 74S Jessie st.
YOUNG Kir! wishes situation to do housework
afid plain cooking. Please call at U43 Folsom
ft., between Seventh and Eighth.
AMERICAN woman with a child wants sewing
and genera! housework in country. 41S Ellis.
REFINED middle-aged lady wishes position as
housekeeper; good seamstress; fond of chil-
dren. 801 Leavenworth st.
YOUNG woman deslros housekeeping position.
Address 615 I'ost «t.
SEAMSTRESS wishes to go out in family ti
s<*\v; 7*c p<?r day. 1"1 Shotwell St., near Six-
teenth.
BY lady plain sewlnp or mending to do at
home. Apply 14' i Cedar aye.
WOMAN wants work of any kind by the day.
:CS Linden aye.
SITUATION to do light housework; object more
to obtain a home than wages. Address Z.,
boa i. Call office. Oakland.
AX experienced nurse would like a situation.
629 Mariposa st.
HOUBEK EE I 'BR fond of children wants s!tu-
ation. Call Sunday or Monday, 10 to 2, 66
Norfolk St., near Eleventh and Twelfth.
NURSE, young woman with experience In
nursing, would like position with invalid or
other professional work; references ex-
changed. Nurse, box 38S, Call office.
WANTED— By a young German woman, work
by the day In family or restaurant; is will-
ing to do any honest work. 12"^ August al-
ley, off Gr°en st.. near Powell.
RELIABLE woman wants to do flannels.
sweepins, etc., from 9 a. m. to 4 p. m. ;
terms $1. Address by postal to 3906 Nineteenth
Ft. and she will call. .
YOUNG woman would like situation in private
family or hotel as second girl and waiting
in the country; can also sew; $15 or $20. Box
271. Call office.
MOTHER and son wish situations In institu-
tion or boarding house; city or country; are
good cooks. SI Natoma Rt.
MIDDLE-AGED Protestant woman, good cook
and bread baker, wishes to cook in smn.ll
hotel or do light housework. 163 Minna st.
NEAT German girl wishes second work; wagts
$20; city and country references. Address
920 A Oak St.
YOUNG lady wishes position to do office or
cashier work; experience and references. Box
Jf.fi. call office.
NURSE or nursery governess; young lady
nif teacher's certificate, with good city,
references, wishes position. Box 485, Call.
COMPETENT working housekeeper wants sit-
uation; widowers family preferred. Call or
address 31 Van Ness aye.
GERMAN woman wants a situation for light
housework. Call at 1945 Mission st.
ELDERLY woman wants position as house-
keeper on a ranch. R. V.. 1553 Fifth St., Oak-
land.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want nds and subscriptions taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1397. BRADLEY it CO.. 640 Clay st.
YOUNG man of good habits, attending busi-
ness college, wants position In office or store
for evenings or mornings and Saturday; small
compensation asked. Box 471, CaU office.
NEAT Japanese wants situation; good cook;
housework and plain washing. KITARU,
2 Eureka place, near Larkln and Bush sts.
GOOD confectioner wishes situation; city or
country. GEORGE HARTWIGE, 1314 Gilbert.
POSITION as bookkeeper or general office
work by thoroughly experienced and reliable
accountant: competent to take full charge of
office detail work. Address, F. C, Box 474,
Call office.
PAPER-HANGER, with tools, wants situa-
tion; piece work or contract; best references.
ANTOINE. 335 Fourth St.
WANTED— By a man, a position as driver or
care of horßes; speaks both German and Eng-
lish fluently. Box 3fio, Call office.
STEADY man wishes position of any kind;
understands care of horses and general work
around place: best milker; also good driver;
drove milk wagon before; references. • Ad-
dress B. WAVER. Denver House, 217 Third.
SITUATION wanted; flrßt-class gardener, mar-
ried, with 1 child; wife able to do some Work
in the houße; country preferred. M., box 7,
Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG butcher would like to Work In shop
and drive wagon. Address Butcher, 844
Broadway, Oakland.
SITUATION wanted; good gardener, land-
ecaper and fine vegetables, for private place
or resort. D.. box 11, Call office, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS baker wishes a situation on
bread and cakes. Address 2031 Mission St.,
near Sixteenth Bt.
WANTED— By a reliable gentleman of experi-
ence, position as working assistant to a dent-
ist; wages moderate; or will take Interest as
partner if desired; best of references. Ad-
dress or apply 703 Ivy aye.
AN Eastern traveling man going to Sandwich
Islands to reside would like to represent some
city wholesale house; commission. Box 216,
Call office.
HANDY German (36) wants a place for
house and garden work; $12 to 116. Address
R. X.. box 290, CaU office.
THE SAN r FRANCISCO CALL, 8t NDAY, JULY 31, 1898.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter ; wishes a
position in a commercial or Insurance office.
ox 113, Call office. v. ■-
WANTED — Employment by a middle-aged Ger-
man, married; speaks 'and writes English; Is
strong and used to do hard work; wholesale
house preferred; will pay liberal commission
for securing steady position at living wages.
Box 233. Call office. ■.
FIRST-CLASS private family cook, Chinese
boy, wants situation; small washing; city, or
country. W. S. X., CloVi Dupont st.
INSURANCE Companies— Wanted, position as
agent and appraiser by a practical - builder j
and architect. Box 490. Call office. j
POSITION as first-class coachman; can furnish I
first-class references; 10 years' experience;
understands bories thoroughly; German de-
scent. C. E. WILSON, Winchester House, 44
Third st. ,_ '- -' . ■- •
YOUNG man speaking English, French, Ger-
< man and Malay with five years office ex-
; perience; traveled In China, Japan and In-
dia; desires situation. Box 184, Call office.
WANTED— a reliable man, a situation in
a wholesale house where there Is a chance
for advancement if found worthy. Z., box 4,
Call office, Oakland, Cal.
SOBER Frenchman. 51 years of age; first-class
references; gardener, driver or interior work
wifti good private family. A. VITTU, 20
Moulton st. % ■; •
LIGHT employment at low wages by middle-
aged man of steady, sober habits, either In
city or country- Address box 507, Call office.
STEADY young man wishes a eteady position
as barber. Address J. O. H., 1039 Mission st.
LANDSCAPE gardener, with 18 years' experi-
ence, good references, wishes situation on
private place. CHAS. KISSLING, 409 Union.
YOUNG man from the East well acquainted
with wholesale liquor business would like a
position at same. Box 138, Call office.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
2 WAITRESSES, steady place year around, $20
each country; waitresses, commercial hotels,
Stockton Visalia, Jamestown and. Pacific |
Grove, $20; waitress, city, $20; city hotel, arm
work, $20; restaurant. $5 a week. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HOTEL cook, country. $30; house girls, cooks,
nurse girls and second girls, city and coun-
try. $15 to $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
2 NEAT first class chambermaids for a first-
class hotel, $20', German chambermaid, coun-
try hotel, $20, see party here. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— For Institution- near city, a com-
petent waitress, not under 35 years of age;
first-class place; $30 per month and found.
W. D. EWER * CO., 626 Clay st.
NEAT woman for general housework and cook-
Ing, ranch, $20; housework girls, etc. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— tidy girl for light housework,
etc.. In family of 2; forenoons only; sleep at
home; wages $10. Address A. M., box 473,
Call office.
WANTED— Neat girl for general housework;
wages $12. Apply 2102 Golden Gate aye.
GIRL, general housework and cooking; 3 In
family; references. Call after 10 o'clock
1944 Bush st. -
WANTED— A young woman to do light house-
work by the Week; must sleep at home: Ger-
man preferred. 1232 Union st. ; call Sunday.
AN experienced labeler. Apply Monday before
10 to MRS. NETTIE HARRISON, 4U Gear}'.
YOUNG girl for housework In Alameda. Call
Monday, between 1 and 4, at 2609 Flllmore «t.
WANTED — Experienced operators on overalls.
33 and 35 Battery St., upstairs.
YOUNG German girl to take care of children;
wages $5. 3899 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— A girl for light housework. Apply
at 2."6 Twelfth st. '
MRS. ANN KAOLIN— CaII on MRS. GLASS, i
1915 Pierce st., between Pine and California.
YOUNG girl, assist light housework and help
mind baby; wages $10. Apply 812 Ellis st.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' Jackets.
MEYER BROS., 7 and 9 Battery st.
GIRL wanted to do llrht housework; one In
family; good home; orphan preferred. 716
Franklin st. -'--■.. . .
SWEDISH girl for general housework. Call
Monday between 10 and 11, 33.0 Twenty-third.
LEARN ladies" tailoring at Storey's Ladies'
Tailoring College, 1309 Broadway. Oakland;
lessons unlimited; on weekly payments; good
positions free. -
AMERICAN woman not afraid of work to take
full charge of ranch house as ci»ok and house-
keeper; ' principals only. L. A. BELL, .15
Sansome st. •
NEAT reliable girl to assist In housework and
care of child; $10. 3645 Sacramento st.
GIRL wanted for housekeeping and plain cook-
ing. Call at 3953 25th St., near Church.
WANTED— lady to assist with 2 chil-
dren in exchange for good home and . small
compensation. Address box 257, Call office.
WANTED— A lady. in a widower's family to
do general housework; no cooking. Address
E. H., box 334. Call office. "■
WANTED— Vamper and all round shoe fitters.
ROSENTHAL, FEDER & CO., 581 Market st.
GIRL to assist in light housework; sleep home.
Apply 633^ Guerrero st., from 3 to 6 n. m.
GIRL wanted to assist in light housework.
1054 McAllister st.
LEARN sewing at Kelsler Ladies' Tailoring
College, lIS McAllister st. ; patterns to order
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School, 1079 Market
st.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial froe.
HELP WANTED— MALI".
MURrXy^&TrEADY.... MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want Monday, 7 a. m.
10 farm hands $26 and $20 and found
3 choremen.... $20 and $15 and found
Coachman, private J25 and found
Stableman, country..... $25 and found
6 sand teamsters, city jobs. .. . *28 and found
3 milkers , $25 and found
36 wood choppers ; $1 50 a cord
(ii tie makers 8c to lie each
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st. '
TO THE GOLD... ...FIELDS
10 laborers (no experienoe. required), wages
are $1 75 a day, exceptional good place.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. _
TO THE GREAT MINES
• 36 laborers to work around the mines and
plants of mines (no experience required),
wages from $2 60 a day. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— L00K..... COOKS WAITERS
9 c00k5.......... $65, $45, $35 and $30 and found
4 waiter 5..... .......525 ,.530 and $20 and found
5 dishwashers. ..520,- $l3, and $10 and found
Italian bartender .$25 and found
3 waiter b0y5..... ..'..........515 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 6.6 Clay st.
CRACKER packer, $2 • a day, country job.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
YOUNG man to work lln bakeries on cakes, a
little experience necessary, see boss hare.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
AT C. R. Hansen & Co. 's,. 104 "Geary st., Mon-
French second cook, $75; head and sec-
ond cook for a steamship,- $100; 4 cabin boys,
$25; broiler, $55; second, cook, $10 a week;
cook. $8 a week; fry ■ cook, $40; third cook,
$40; cook, small resort acroEs the bay, $40.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WINDOW cleaner and Janitor. C. R. HANSEN
6 CO., 104 Geary st.
10 RAILROAD teamsters - and laborers; work
in California: free fare. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
200 ROCKMEN and laborers for Alaska; spec-
ial reduced fare of $22 50. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. .
4 LUMBER pliers, $26 and board; 100 hop pick-
ers, 80c to $1 per 100 pounds, fare $2 70. fee
&0c; . 4-horse teamster, ,. $1 60 . a day: 4-horHe
scraper teamsters; second cook, $20; waiter,
. boarding house, $25. R. T. WARD & CO.,
608 and 610 Clay st. .
WANTED— A short, stout, blonde boy, age any-
where between 16 and 19, as a companion to a
;,. young gentleman of means; must read and
write fairly well; much of the time compan-
ion's own; good pay and duties easy to per-
form; will sometimes travel. -Address, giving
age, address and exact description of person,
"LESTER," box 111, Call office, San Fran-
cisco, Cal. - ' ■ ..-•..■' " . v
LADIES and gentlemen desiring pleasant and
profitable, employment ■ please- call for one
week except Sunday at 1112 Market St., room
1, between 9 and 12 a. m. acquaintance with
r the city, good address r and references re-
quired. -. • •-". ' ,". "■ -.'.,- ;■ .'■ . ' y ■>,-'■ ■< \-
WANTED— An • experienced salesman ;to take
complete charge of ■ the hat • department in a
large retail - establishment; must thoroughly
understand the hat business; state age, ref-
erences and salary expected. Apply box 457
this office. v, . ■ .-■; ■.-;,.- . ',
WANTED— Young ; man of.'.tact : and ability,
having extensive local acquaintance, to-. In-
fluence capital In an enterprise of great merit
■ and Immense : future: modern machinery , re-
quired - for : plant In this city; liberal compen-
sation to right party; 1'"1 '" references ."required.
Address box 458, Call office..- ■ . : r« .
WANTED— Strong boy !<! < with some experience
' to learn baker's trade. - 613 Post st. -.-.:.-•.-;
FIRST-CLASS, coat maker- (man) to > work In-
side. - ROSENBLUM & ABRAHAM, 1103 Mar-
ket st. ,'- -•■■:■,:.•.-. •.•■'■■.•:■. '-..-•-■ v. >::'Vi-. : . '.. -. '
FIRST-CLASS hotel runner for country;" must
; have a good voice and be a good talker
v Call - bet. - 11 . and 32 a. m., room 65, Baldwin
-•' Hotel. ■::-:?'■■'-. W.-'-iv ';;'.•'■".'" ■.: .w." . .../ ■-. -.:-.
WANTED— young man to work on fine
, - custom vests; one with experience preferred.
Apply 461 Jessie st. ; call Monday. .
HELP WANTED— Continued.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant cook and waiter.
Apply Sunday. 1655 Post st^
WANTED— First-class presser on Jackets.
DAVIDSON & MILLER. 769 Market St.
DRIVER for a milk wagon on commission; $50
per month and room; reference and security.
210 Fifth aye.. Richmond Dißtrlct ;
WANTED— Boy to drive butcher cart. Apply
Twenty-fourth and Capp sts., bet. 11-12 a. m.
BARBERS" Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
WANTED— First-class trunk maker; steady
Job. Write D. D. WHITNEY, 428 South
Spring st., Los Angeles.
WANTED— Men in every State and county In
the Union; for good men big money. 29 Grant
aye., room 24.
GENT to take orders for printing. Apply P.
BOULIN, 519 Filbert st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764<A Mission,
men to take rooms: 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade In 8 weeks. San
Francisco Barber College, 138'_ Eighth st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 604 Davis et., near Jackson.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling, 35c; only one price. 959 Howard St.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room ; 25c a night ; $1 a week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Suiter st.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and lac night; 75c and $1
_week. Llndel House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third 8t.,~ near
Market; 200 rooms, 2!>c a night; reading room;
free 'T>ug and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
LIVE agents make $10 per flay selling the
"Life and Times of William E. Gladstone";
account of his personal career, public and of-
ficial life; Illustrated; outfit 50c. California
Educational Bureau. Stockton. Cal.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— A partner to go to Manook Creek.
Apply at once. 13 Merchant st.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— SmaII furnished flat or house; five
rooms: In vicinity of Taylor and Market sta.
Box 345. Call office.
WANTED— X or 4 room flat, with basement or
place for workshop; cheap. Box 454. '"'all.
WANTED —SmaII modern, sunny upper or mid-
dle flat; cheap rent; adults. Address box 482,
Call office.
WANTED— FIat of 3 or 4 rooms, gas and bath,
'■entr-il and cheap. Address box 360. Call.
ROOMS WA.MEI).
LADY with piano wants room In return for
muflic lessons. liox MS, Call office.
WANTED— MISCELi-ANEOI 5.
WANTED— Band saw. Address A. P. C, 140
First St., city, stating price and where party
can see same.
WANTED— An invalid's chair in good condi-
tion. Apply to A. ADAMS, 1029 Greenwich St.
wanted— San Francisco Directory, 1897; give
price. Box 498. Call office.
LAW books bought and sold at REUBEN'S,
420 Montgomery St.. upstairs.
EXCHANGE— WiII give bicycle for violin. Ad-
dress box sto. Call office.
Ml MCA L IXSTRI MK NTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate end approve this method; prices are tha i
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same ensv
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 an.l
}-. per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Pteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutt-T
sts.. San Francis™, and Thirteenth and
and Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASES,
20, 28 Rnd 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
;imi all other musical Instruments of nil
gradei ami prices; terms easy; prices low-
est: everything possible done to please an_
satisfy the customer.
A MARSHALL * WENDELL $75, Gabler 595,
Sterling $196, Kstev $I*l. Sterling walnut $13";
easy payments; Chlckering agents. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
AQENCY for the celebrated Hardman; a very
fine instrument ; case slightly damaged; cheap
'>h. The .T. Dewing Co., 2d fir.,' Flood bg. j
A MUSIC teacher's high snot* llano; this j
fine instrument will be sold at any reasonable
price offered. Room 12, Flood building.
WE Invite critical examination; new stor», new
goods. CLARK WISE & CO., 41 G<-ary st ;
corner Grant aye.. Conovor agents.-
SOHMKR & CO., r.yron Mauzy. Newhy, Evan?,
Brlggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
n Interest first year. .S"S, 310. 312 Poet st.
FINK upright for $150; come early If you want
to secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO., 76? Market st.
STANDARD make second-hand guitar wanted
foi cash. Box 2'dl. Call office.
A-$6O: UPRIGHT; $"> Installments; other cheap
pianos. 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT new pianos for rent. $2 50 month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO MO Hayes St.
A— s3s; FIXK-TONF.P piano, first-class condi-
tion; must soil. 1361 Folsom St., cor. Tenth.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
' all. W. c. HAMILTON. H24 Post st.
"All" smallest; price lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents. $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
A c ;.">n uprlpht very cheap. 1G McAllister
st., next Hibernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
I KNAI'.K pianos: new scale; new styles.
K'.ih.kh ft CHASE. 30 O'Farpell st.
SUPEHIor violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
LAUNDRY tools and hand machines and a
power washer, 4Sx4O; extractor, 26 Inches; box
mangle (Hi-ndy, maker), hand or power; Cor-
rlgan and Little Star shirt lroners. J. IRV-
I.NO, 766 Bryant Bt.
300,000 second-hand hard brtok, lumber, doors
and sashes; gas and water pipes from V 4 to
2^_ Inches; also tin roofing 'n excellent con-
dition at old French Hospital building, 745
Bryant st.
FINE Imported stereoptlcon with noted for-
eign views; coet $75; will sell at bargain. Call
on H. ROMAINE, 1206 Market St.. room 104.
SCALE, safe, coffee-mill, desk, letter press,
cheap, at G2l Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
A VALUABLE and ancient book for sale—
"Third Congress of the United States"; at
the second session; begun and held at the city
of Philadelphia, in the State of Pennsylvania,
on Monday, the 3d of November, 1794." Pres-
ident. George Washington; vice president,
John Qulncy Adams. Address A. JOHNSON,
box 6, Call office, Oakland.
INVALID rolling chair cheap. Inquire 3363
Twenty-second St., bet. Valencia and Mission.
FOR SALE— Good black walnut bedroom set,
four pieces, $20; also cookstove with water
back and pipe. $7. 2621 Pine st.
FOR SALE— Ranch, chickens, ducks, pigeons,
hogs. . Eleventh aye. & I St., South San Fran.
CHEST of woodworker's tools, diamond stud,
opera glass, etc. Address box 501, Call office.
I Al FRESH Jersey cow; choice animal for fam-
ily; cheap. 3150 Twenty-fourth st.
$197 60— NEW upright piano; splendid tone,
handsome case, mandolin attachment; $10
down, $5 per month. 225 Butter st.
DELICACY store; best location; death of owner
makes sale Imperative. 34 S. Pablo aye.. Oak.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-K2l-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
A FINE thing for a present; full line of
graphophones, $10 each and upward. PIERCE
& CO., 313 Emporium building.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20: records. $5 per dozen;
projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl, 938-946 Market.
BOILER 42x14, with stenm drum, complete;
will test to 175 pounds. WHITE, 516 Mission.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
I J. R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
i building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
1 SAFES! — Bargains "in new and second hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission St.. nr. Seventh,
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
CM. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
120« Market; diseases of women a specialty.
PERSONALS.
MY wife MRS. H. D. L. having left my bed
and board I will not be responsible for any
debts contracted by her. H. M. L.
MATRIMONIAL Magnet, published monthly;
price 10 cents; securely sealed; surpassing all
others in style, variety and completeness of
descriptions; its cofumns contain many
wealthy and influential members from every
State in the Union; membership largest In
United States. MRS. DORA J. MERRITT,
135 Kast Pixty-nfth St., N. Y.
I AM keeping up the high standard of the most i
artistic hair dressing for 2f>c; hair restored to I
its natural color from $1 50 up; good switches
$1 50; fine $3 50; extra $5; open Sunday, 9 to
12. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
MME. DELLA FAUST has removed to her new
store; halrdressing 2oc; bleaching and dye-
ing; artistic hair whrk. scalp treatment and
everything pertaining to a first-class hair
business. 240 Stockton sjk. near Post.
AUTHORS! If you have stories, poems, book
or music MSS. to sell, send stamp for
particulars. Authors' and Writers' Union,
Chicago.
GOOD-PAYING business for sale cheap on ac-
count of sickness. Inquire at cigar store, 1739
Mission st.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, 852 Castro St., Oak-
land; treatment, $2 &0; reliable practitioner.
LEDERER' S Qutnonia is always beneficial to
the hair. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
JOSEPH GREVENS vocal pupils are public
favorites all over the United States; profes-
sional terms, $10 monthly, in advance, for 1
lessons weekly, only for those who start In
before the beginning of the season— l. «.,
August 10. 1236 Market st.
NOU—Nou— Mailed three letters. I am well
and I am working. Hay ward P. 0., Cal.
TOUTI.
REFINED American lady, real estate and
means $150,000, alono In the world, looks for
happy home through kind and devoted hus-
band. "ESTRELLA," 135 Eaat Sixty-fifth
St., New York.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
SUPERFLUOUS hair on' faoe or body; money
refunded for any failure to permanently de-
stroy, by simple and scientific process, any
growth of hair. Address with stamp DR.
_MADDOCK, Fargo. North Dakota.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st.. near Market; 200 rooms,
26c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 679 Geary st.
J. HAUPTLI'S Hair Store has removed to 1036
Market; hairdresslrig, popular prices.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
T.KMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
MATRIMONY.
CALL or send 12c for latest matrimonial paper.
■Vhlresg "Wedding Dell," 111 Ellis «.. S. F.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN I^rXnClßCO^Ladies' French" faUorinr
College. 916 Market St.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dreses. fu
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy st.. rm. 14-15.
EDUCATIONAL.
SELBORNE School for boys, San Rafael; best
equipped boarding school m the cost sepa-
rate rooms; fine table; magnificent gymna-
sium; skilled teachers: bus meets all trains;
parents Invited to inspect. For Illustrated
catalogue apply to the principal REV.
CHARLES HITCHCOCK. San RafaeK
VOCALTnst ruction— A N N I S Mi 'NTAGUE TUR-.
NER; correct and natural production of the
voice, based on natural and artistic prin-
ciples: term beginning August 15 and after;
lessons by the month or quarter. For terms
apply personally or by letter to 830 Bush st,
nt-ar Jonee.
HKALDS Business College, 24 Post st.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachtrs; 1100 grad-
uates placed since isr>2; catalogue.
NKW assortment of catchy comedy pieces and
latest war recitations for parlor, platform or
stage use, taught by Mrs. Klneald at her
School of Elocution and Expression. Alcazar
building. 120 O' Fan-ell st.
AVRER' Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates p«r week and month.
MR. AND MRS. DICKINSON'S Academy. 1247
Franklin st. : co-educatlonal boarding and day
««-hr>r>l: eompWe English, French, German
and Spanish education, art, $30.
UNIVERSITY Coast— Newell Pern', Ph.B.. Fel-
low in Mathematics, U. C, 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. Channlng way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING S<~ho<-.1: civil, o'ectrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve. ;
e^t. ISfil. VAN DER NAJLLEN, MS Market.
SPANISH lessons given; also English branches
taught; special attention to backward pupils;
low terms. 910 Clay St., Oakland.
LESSONS siven in photography; photo buttons
made. 503 Larkln Ft., near Turk.
SPANISH school opens August 1: daily lessons
$3 a month. Room 10. Y. M. C. A. building.
PIANO and German lessons, ~c; pupil of Con-
servatory In Lelpslc. 110 Hyde st.
BOOKKKEPING. rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary st.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month: references;
privnte lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness avo.
3r?o HATES PT— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads takpn.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5: see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, .10c; crownp, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.: telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LBEK, cenulne Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fllllnps, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market St., cor. Sixth.
Fa LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and filling a
specialty; gas given.
PAINLKSS filling a specialty. DRS. PERRY
& CHRISTIE, X Mason St., cor. Market.
NKW YORK methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. 969 Mission, cor. Sixth.
HORSES.
FOR SALE— Handsome standard bred bay
mare, black points; 16 hands 1 inch high;
age 5 years; weight 1090 lbs.; sound and gen-
tle; sired by Election, by Electioneer, dam by
Wormwood, by Nutwood. 600, grand dam by
Jno. Nelson: well broken: trial given; price
$150: also gent's double seat road cart; good
as new; Frazier's special make; price $50.
Inquire 347 Fremont St.. In rear.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcado Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Bixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DP . LE, Auctioneers.
FOR RALE— 2O head hones; must be sold. Ap-
ply Tomklnson's Livery Stable, 67-61 Minna
Ft., between First and Second.
CAMP wßgonp, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds: 40 horses: must sell. Emporium Sale*
Yards. 220 Valencia st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
NEW 3-can milk wagon; 1 second hand tea
spice wagon. 1370 Turk st.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lle-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkln, opp. City Hall.
. SEWING MACHINES^
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
cheap: repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 46.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
LOST.
JULY 27; gold hatpin; red stone and pearls.
Return to E) P. MURPHY, 26 Montgomery.
_. STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving C?^
office Tenth and Market; telephone South 16«.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse. 840 Mlnslon st. : tel. Mint IS2L
BICYCLES.
BIG sacrifice In second-hand bicycles; first
come, first Berved. JOSEPH HOLLE. Twen-
tieth and Folsom sts.
TO LEASE.
FURNISHED hotel near city to lease; good op-
portunity. R. T. WARD & CO.. 60« Clay st.
THE old building of the T. M. C. A.. 23J
Sutter St.; long leaee; very low terms- can
be rented as a whole or in divisions; large
and splendid location; no reasonable rent re-
fused. Apply to MADISON & BURKE,
CLAIRVOYANTS.
EAST INDIA SEER AND PROPHET.
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST.
Prof. Omar The Occult Wonder
HAS NO EQUAL.
325— Eddy 5t.— 325
Gives full
name of every
caller. Names of
your sweetheart or
husband. Do you want
to know facts you should
know? If you will win your
lawsuit? It, you will succeed In
business? If your domestic trouble
", will soon end? If you are loved? If you .
will succeed in your love affairs?
Does | another share the love and ' - '1
attention that should belong to ' j
you? : How you can win the -'• I
love and affection of :
any one. Locates .)
mines, burled
treasures, i
-— — -
cures • drunk-
enness, bad hab-
its, evil . Influences,
etc. Guarantees success
In all oases. Never falls to
' unite the separated. Causes
speedy and happy • marriages.
Through his experience gained while
among the adepts of India, he . pre-
pares and works the famous mes-
meric talisman as prepared and
worked by the Buddhists, Hin-
doos and wizards of the '
Orient. Guaranteed to
make you successful
; In love, business
or marriage.
NEVER FAILS.
— Cut This Out
It does not appear dally.
KNOWLEDGE of the Future
Is Power.
For the Present.
Your Future Foretold
By the Queen of Prophets,
Mrs. Dr. F. Clark,
Permanently Located In San Francisco.
Honest, Fearless and Capable.
She fully realizes the responsible position In
which her remarkable gift places her and will
exert herself to the uttermost to please and
benefit . her patrons.
If you are In doubt that she can and will per-
form all she claims, feel yourself Invited to
call and she . will give you more substantial
proof of her marvelous power than you have
ever before received from mortal. Do not fall ;
to see her if you are interested in the affairs
of life; if marriage, sickness, deaths, changes,
travels, divorces, separations, lawsuits, busi-
ness transactions, . wills, deeds and mortgages,
lost or stolen property, hidden treasurers, lost
or absent friends interest you ; . If you care to
know what you should do to be successful,
where you should go and whom to avoid, when
to buy and sell stocks, etc.. In a word, what-
ever may be your trouble, suspicions or de-
sires, call on this gifted woman and she will
send you away happier, wiser and bolder than
ever- before; she advises you with a certainty
by a higher than human power as to the prop-
er course to pursue In life; her descriptions
of your friends ; and enemies : are as real as
though they stood before you: call and test
the madam to your heart's content, and you
, will depart thoroughly satisfied that there is
at least one -reliable- medium now In your
midst. ■ Hours, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. strict.
Perfect Satisfaction
: Guaranteed by. Mall.
Send Stamp ■ for Circular, ■
■ • ■ -.t With Special Terms, to
MRS. DR.. F. CLARK, WW.
1206 Market Street, Opposite Sixth. ; •
Take Elavator. Rooms 25, 26.
A TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT! ! » ~ ~
PROF. H. ROMAINE, Late of India, calls
you by name, tells you names of friends and
relatives; tells you what you called for; ad-
vises In full details on business, . law, love,
marriage and divorce; reunites the sepa-
rated; recovers old estates; locates mines and
burled treasures. Fees $1 up; hours. 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m. Letters Inclosing stamp answered.
Offices, 1206 Market st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, '
Medical clairvoyant and medium, will diag-
nose diseases and treat with revealed reme-
dies, which are a boon to suffering humanity;
stamp for circular. 232 Stockton st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease; full life reading; la.
50c, gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 60. 126 Turk.
! MME, LENEMAR; fortune by planets; predict-
ed In '74 overdue steamer people on Island.
23V4 Sixth St., room 6.
MRS. k MAY, exact scientist; her readings con-
vince; Just arrived; EOc, $1. 325 Ellis st.
GIPSY life reader; correct answers to all ques-
tions; ladles 25c, gents 50c. 3 Seventh st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader- pant
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth st, room 10.
MME. WALTERS, the great card-reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c. .951 Mission st., near Sixth.
MME. MOREAU. i best medium , and card
reader; 26c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. ,6 Fourth st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle. to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fesslon; never falls; advice; help. 929 Post st
SPIRITUALISM. ~~~~ ~~~
C. MAYO-STEERS. 112K Oak'st.:"7lr^leTTue^
day. 8 p. m.; Thursday, 2 p. m.; readings. $1
C sean"c^V^^^^J^'^
A^^algh? c r dCnt B ' ate - Writlnr^ :
MRS. rJ. -J. WHITNE'Y. clairvoyant, trance
test medium and life reader. 232 Stockton st
1 -??^;^^:
M^ln^ H^ ER m^.^ ct bUHlneSa m ' dlUm:
— PAL.MISTKY. ~
"HvK"^ Sunday eve. Na-
tive Son s bldg; readings dally at res.. 353
Geary st. ■ . ■. '■)■»•-..
HYPNOTISM
HYPNOTISM taught, dlneasea and habits cured;
■•■■ send Journal. CAL. INSTITUTE, 402H Geary.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. "• H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
3\ and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN.'you become disgusted with poor work
1 send .to SPAULDING'S . Pioneer Carpet-
Beatlng Works, 353-67 .Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Cleaning Co., 453
Btevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
■;■■ tel. y Main 384. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor. -
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie. 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st:; cleaning 3c yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
■Gate aye. ; tel: East 126. - . ___^__
;- /;. ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
"no -! fee without success;-' collections. O. W.
■ HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE i free; - no : charge -i unloss successful.
_W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. : -" 
ALL private ', law cases. insolvency.: collections,
; free advice; open cv. AttyMcCabe. 103 iArkln.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bids., 927 Mar-
ket; : consultation free; no fees In advance.
| ADVICE ■; free -■on J all ; i legal j matters. , T. F.
[ '..' STACK, 14 McAllister st.; room 64. . .-
BUSINESS CHANCES- JJ_
TlrißFino'&'rC) ~... Geary at. ■' ▼
A - KREDO Miscellaneous Business W - «'
$10 00-Corner family liquor; side entrance.
$3000-Hotel and bar: near water^ front.
$1200-Hotel and bar; near boat l^}^ ncr
' Grocery and bar; living rooms; make oner.
$1000-CANDY manufactory. Ice a K P REDO i
elegant soda fountain; near theaters. js.k^w i
& CO. ' : I
$75-BR.ANCH bakery and notion^ $3 to U "
dally; good for dressmaker. KREDO & iv.
A— ssoo; MEAT market; receipts $45 day; cheap .
rent. ROGERS ft HYDE, 1206 Market st.
GOOD-PAYING corner grocery ■! and bar.
ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st.
A— DELICACY store; 2 rooms: rent $12; good
corner. ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st.- , ; .
$300-PARTNER wanted: light business; suited
to plain, steady man satisfied with $20 to 130
a week; no experience required; trial given.
Apply from 3 to 6 p. m. at 721% Market, r. 1..
GOOD location for fruit store f fixtures in; rent
reasonable. 290 Thlrd'ave.. cor. Clement; take
Sutro car. ,
SHOE store for sale; good repairing business;
living rooms rear. Owner, 236 Noe st. - •
$300— PARTNER wanted; light business; no
night or Sunday 'work; no experience re-
quired; trial given; $20 to $30 a week each
can be made. 9 Geary st., room 2.
GERMAN newspaper for sale: the entire or
part interest. of the only German Republican
daily on the coast; well established; Investi-
gate and make offer. 535 California st. ■ :
10 SHARES Building and Loan Association
stock, 87 months old; book value $12d 40, sur-
render value $112 96 per share: make cash
offer. Address box 298. Call office.
FOR SALE— S2OOO: 55-room lodging house with
dining room and kitchen: central ; north of
Market; one-fourth cash, balance good trade. II
Address Owner, box 503. . Call office. _\ : .^ /,
NEAT corner bakery and notion store; 4 sunny
rooms; furnished; rent $15; large stock; good
business; price $150. RAND & CO., 917 Market. -
WANTED— Immediately, partner with $50 cash;
excellent opportunity for right party: Investi-
gate. H. C. LAMONT. Sl6 O'Farrell st.
HIGHEST cash prices paid for restaurants ■
saloons, fixtures, grocery stocks. STENBERO
& CO., 26& Kearny st. - "
$1000— STOCK of shoes, or will exchange for
stock of good groceries. Address. J., box 5,
Call office. Oakland. * /
FINE grocery and saloon; must sell, account
of leaving city; rent paid to September 1. :
931% Folsom st. -
FOR sale— Bakery, best location; .7 bells all >
over counter; cl:ear>. -40 San Pablo aye.,
Oakland. '
WORKINGMEN'S hotel and . saloon'; cheap;
long lease; no agents. 1450 San Bruno aye.
BOARDING-HOUSE of 12 rooms for sale; good
location; cheap rent. 1123 Sutter st.
SELL or exchange; 20-acre placer mining claim ;•
Nevada' County; Wales patent machine; cost
$300-2 tents and outfit, tools, etc., for 2 or .
more men; pure spring water runs camp ana
machine; want city business or real estate.
W. D. ROSS, 212 Turf at. " ••>
— r- f
WANTED— $3000; in a strictly paying business; .
100 per cent guaranteed; investigation solic-
ited; no agents. ■ Address J. T.. Call office.
GOOD harness business for sale; work enough . .••
for two men; thorough investigation given;
reduce stock if necessary- 621 E 12th Oakland. • .
SALOON and rooming house at a sacrifice;
price to suit the buyer. C. OLSON, 309 Third
St. ; call room 1, upstairs. ■ J_
CORNER grocery and saloon for sale.
Box 431. Call office. -. -
TO be sold at once; an old established barber . : .
shop; cause, HI health. 219 Broadway. .
COMPLETE locksmith's shop, doing a nice
business. Address Machinist, box 504. Call.
$1500— WANTED to put a gold quartz mine n^w ,jL
In operation on a dividend paying basis, t.-rr- . X
ou?h investigation solicited. Address box 147, \\ ;
Call Office. '
WANTED— with $500; excellent oppor-
tunity. IOTI Market St., near Seventh.
TO PRINTERS— CompIete job office In Oak- ;
land; cheap for cash. D., box l.Call. Oakland.
I FOR SALE— An old established furniture store.
919 Folsom st. ,
CHEAP— and bar: must be sold this.
week. Inquire at ChVcago Brewery.
GOOD bakery for sale cheap: on retirement
from business; 2 wagons; reasonable rent and
long lease. Apply Call office. • ' • ■
SOBER steady plumber and tinsmith can tak»
long-used shop in center of town St. Helena;
. German ■ preferred; rent $10 month. Address
ROSSI & ANDERSON. St. Helena. ' .-
HALF or whole interest In good ' paying butcher
shop; cash business; elegant fixtures; central-
• location. D., box S. Call office, Oakland.- .i
FOR sale— Call route at San Jose. For par- ' .
ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied -from GEO.
. W. CASWELL & CCS. 415 Sacramento at.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
GOLD FIELDS — Wanted, a few men to ac-
company a party of prospectors to Cooks In- '
let; terms easy. Apply International Hotel. . .:
room 81. - '" . .
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
KREDO & CO.. 22*4 Geary', st. ■• -. •
Money to loan at low Interest....
105 rooms; clears $3000 yearly ..$5,500 -■
60 rooms; Market; exchange for realty. 3.500 ..
51 rooms; Sixth st.; exchange for realty. 2,500 . i •■"
48 rooms; family house; Geary st .- 2.000.- ' J
42 rooms; apartment house..... 2800 m
20 rooms; housekeeping; pays 'well 800 . ■
13 rooms; clears $50; central " 850 J\
10 rooms; Eddy St.: rent $40...*. .'.... 750 .- |
9 rooms; corner Mission st. a 'snap.... 350
9 rooms; O'Farrell St.; give-away 223
Other good bargains. KREDO & CO. '
A— l 9 ROOMS; Van Ness aye.; fine $850 •
32 rooms; sunny corner; running water... 1600 '•
14 rooms: transient 450
1 21 rooms; select: transient corner 1600 .
22 rooms; fine sunny. corner 1400 " .
31 rooms; fine for transients; part cash.. 1050 • *
66 rooms; transient; best in city; cheap.
52 rooms; rent $80; come quick.../ 1500
9 rooms; good house... 200
18 rooms; Market st. ; clears $200; cheap.. 850
ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market st. (L. W. • '
Rogers, formerly clerk for H. C. Decker.) ,
.LODGING house for sale. 309 Sutter St.; 14
rooms; rent $42 50.
FURNITURE WANTED.
H. ■ BAUM buys . furniture and general ', mer-
chandise. 1057 Market st.: tel. Jessie 32.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. -M. Davles.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cur« guar-
anteed; any diseases or Irregularity; disgrace
' avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, hom-s ■ '■". '■,:*
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; 10
delay self-cure sent; call or write: free: con-
fidential MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market
st. ; pills. $1; very strong. $2; cure. $5. -;r. „
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no Instruments usol;
travelers helped at once; home In confine-
ment- every case guaranteed: consultation
free and confidential: self cure. $5; pills, $1. . •_
MRS. DR. WYETH, 20S Turk St., near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after eU^
fects- taken in time it also acts as a pr*.^
ventlve; price. $150 per box. sent free -by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on nil
- Special diseases free WALLER BROS.. ?3
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
nn WISE late of Bellevue Hospital, N. V. ;
offices Hackmeler Hotel. 123 Eddy St.: hours f
9 to 11 2 to 5 and 6 to 8; consult him for .
treatment on all diseases peculiar to women;
Datients assured first-class medical attend-
1 ance besides enjoying privacy of home with
experienced lady attendants:, strictest confi-
d ence maintained all cases; consultation free.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no ■ medicine or Instru- »
ments used; restores in one day without fall;
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace; consultation free; can be sent and used
at home; pills and capsules, $1; cure, $5; by
the well-known DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that- restores instantly all
cases of monthly. Irregularities ? from what-
ever cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed!
cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
-PR AND MRS. ; KOHL, 1122 Market st. • '
LADIES. Ohichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; tak« •
no other; "send '4c stamps for particulars,
"Relief for Ladles" : letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phila.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro ; pries
$1 50; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay st.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu- .
facturlng Co., r.r.i k st.. Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gats
aye.. private home in confinement,- with every .
comfort; best care" and attendance; term*
moderate: infants adopted ' into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills,- a boon to ladles wifh
- female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $:■);
„ express C. 0.D.; don't delay until too IA.
- OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. M&.
LADIF.S wishing" secrecy during ; confinerr^t
can find good home & treatment by Mrs. Karr.
2»14 Fulton st. ; McAllister car passes : house. -"g
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement"
- treatment, $2 50. . 852 ; Castro .; St., Oakland.
MRS. ACHARD, . midwife; home '■ in i oonflne-
; ment; confinement alone, ; $5. 156 Second st.
DR.* HALL, 1223 Market St.. diseases of woman
and children. . .'.•-. riTY R I". \I. ESTATE.
ia. 11. umjrs_;x'&co., • ~™
■ i't-EA.L.- ESTATE AGENTS,
..'[."•' "•'■• • 14 Montgomery st.
. ■ PINE-sjmFJET RESIDENCE.
$.000— A bargain- on account a foreclosure of
mortgage: aj». /eleganf home, containing all
I SS c '. aenl . .itoproN-frnenls and conveniences; 25x
1-e^nents and conveniences; 25x
' „__. MODERN KI.ATS.
$.000~Must be sold; rents $SOO per annum; 8
nice Hats or 6, :5 "-and 4 rooms, bath, laundry,
etv. eaoli; Post st.. ■ no enable offer re-
lusou; .'■ v •■ i _C" t ,
.■ CORNER BUSINESS LOT
$5750— Corner. ■ ■ i, on Devisudero st.; a
good corner fw-drug store. or llrst-class grocery !
store, and _ Hats, • .
«& J;HA). BARGAIN IN TWO FLATS.
5.....0— i i> t o st.- 2 line modern flats of 6 and
L-1,"-'L -1 ,"-'] s :\: \ r \ ll bath each; rents $568 per annum; '
Z-xi.ii :b; this is one of the best paying invest- !
ments tor- sale; price has been greatly reduced. !
M ££L;? E :SOLX» TO CLOSE AN ESTATE, i
«*_wr---Ktory house of it rooms; house alone I
worth the money; could be converted into
l.jits at very : lit He expense; within a few
blocks of the City Hall; 2;.xi00.
.£, X.ERy CHEAP HOME— STEINKR ST.
•t--o<>-Nife I at) a; substantial 2-story bay-
WiudpW house oj 7 rooms and bath, etc.; brick |
foundation; 1 ttonc walks; street accepted.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
$1-0 peri foot—Lot any size on the main drive
to the Park; street accented; the best residence :
location In the. Western Addition.
. MUST BE SOLD.
$2700— T0. close an mate; Pacific st. ; 2-story
house of 9 rooms and rear house; front house ;
could be converted into three flats at a very
■mall outlay and be made one «f the best pay- j
lr.g investments in the city.
• '■"■'." A CHEAP LOT.
$-_o— Fulton st.; 25x137:6; a short distance
from the .City .Hall; this is a snap.
• '•A.-.' CHEAP PANHANDLE LOT. ,
$225^-A,'- real away; Page-st. residence
lot." -ixlOO; fc-a-t, side ■ewer and water c,onnec- I
. •■•.tlons ln,to. lot;.- '. . . -
•.'•/•' 'a 'BARGAIN ON PACIFIC STREET.
: .4WOU-^-3-_tory house of 10 rooms and bath and
•.. ; .:;ltft':.' rc-i'.is $276 per annum; this is a bargain.
••'" -V SOUTHSIDE BARGAIN.
';• $150e— House and 4ot on Jessie St.. bet. Ist
■ - fawl id -sts. ; mortgage of $1250 at 64 per cent
- can remain. '■ ' ttf*JU
•s•_.,. ■• •-..;.
-EXCHANGE— A' VERY CHEAP COTTAGE. I
■ 'JH5u-Hiirrisdtt.su; OOiy cottage of 4 rooms;
.•?6sJoO: will trade; for larger, place In the city,
paying balance In cash. ' .
•:, ;. " a. Cheap Richmond lot.
■ • ' Seventh aye.; 25x114.
/..■•' . ■ '.' ' ■ . "
■•'., -Call and iobtajn one of our "Real Estate
;'' Records."., which contains a list of properties
in all ■ parts ftt the city for sale.
. • ■-' :- ■"■;■ .' '■' G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
,' .... •. .; • 14 Montgomery st.
. •**...'.:. -. ___ __
■'• .v ■■-'..•-■■.■ : . • . . ■ . .
PATS- 14 PER CENT.
■ Four flats on Tehama st., near Second; good ,
■ Istlck building; : rents- $55 monthly; price, $4750. :
■" ••. lkave'nworth street flats.
For sale, cheap;-. good flats, 4 and 6 rooms; j
'rents for $37 monthly; owner must sell; price,
$4000. ;..':;••-.;.
: TURK STREET, NEAR VAN NESS AVENUE
A fins two B^ory 16-room house on north side
• of.-Tui-k' Kt.,'near Van Ness aye., standing on a
•■ Bflendid lot, . 3^:9x320: a full view of Jefferson
' • square; prlce-'reduL-ed to $K>,000; a very good j
buy. ''■', :.
PINE STREET RESIDENCE.-
/ North Pine, near Gough; house of 11 rooms;
' large lot, 30x137:6; lot alone worth more than
price asked; only $6500.
FINE GOUGH STREET RESIDENCE.
• ' New; 15 rooms; fine marine view; 40-foot lot;
'•- Al neighborhood ; price $12,000.
CHEAP. LOTS'. CHEAP LOTS'.'.
$10,500—65:9x127.8; Presidio Heights corner.
$5600— 55x110;' W. A . fine for flats.
J.boy— .£ixic»i:3; Fiilmore. near Hayes.
$^•0—25x106:2; Scott, near McAllister.
•ti3uO- 27: 6x110; Fine Pacific Heights lots.
$187 -ix?S:6; Dolores, near Twenty-first st.
■ • \ SlSjO— .'oxlH; Twen'ty-flfth. near Noe.
tiJX>— 30_J,G0; NW cor. near Twenty-fourth
■ and b'anchez.
-• $500—2.ix100; California, nr. Twenty-second ay !
*••'• $7i0 — 25x100; California, near Twelfth aye.
JS'O — C2xi2o; Thirty-first aye.. nr. Point Lobos
.. MCAFEE BROS, McAFEE BROS. •'
'.'.-• 10S -Montgomery _5t... San. Francisco, <-'a|. i !
'' ' lIZIO FOR a 4- room and bath cottage. Just lla- ;
■• .Jsh'ed, includitig lot; street graded and sew- ;
■ eted; on small payment down and only $15
irienthly; close to car line. JACOB HEY-
■ HAN. 11 Montgomery st. -
, HiCHM.QND lots— 2. fine level building lots on I
• -.■•■ Ninth aye. and California St.; 25x120 each;
• • ->iir monthly;- cheap.. ;* JACOB HEY. MAN. 11 j
; : .>»_Uoi_tigomer,y; st. '■■ i
■' I". BLOCK of level land, us a whole or in lots; :
i \ -1- blotk . from' electric road; suitable for I
: - ".c'hicken/'raneh or dairy; at a bargain; $10 ;
'•-.'■' monthly;; JAO :; HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery.
: , $100— LOTS In "Sunset District. Golden G»te
" --/.Park, on Si monthly payments. JACOB HEY-
". -..MAN. 11. Montgomery st. I
. HO\Y~ml7cH KENT DO YOU PAY
'  .How.'. long have you been paying it?
" '.'And' hat have you to. show for It?
k ' ■ J2i>— sSO--J-«0 goes out the first of every month
■ and r.ever.a cent comes back. The landlord
™ pipspers and bis bank account swells. He finds
j V : _s*-.tuild!ng 'house-renting a very pay-
V 111 1- *,-■ business. Now,' why shouldn't you do the i
same 7 -. . ' ' '
.'■ : \Vhj- ■ shouldn't you be your own landlord?
' . W"fcy not'ilo us hundreds, of other people have |
■'•fr'h« — as those, happy, prosperous householders j
ln'-.tlie Ileyinan Tract have done? It's easy — |
;' v Jui>t as easy if paying rent, and a good deal ;
. ' n^re profitable. You pay a certain sum each
f iKuiuh'.. aKd when your payments have amount-
.'. pdi.to-.-.the value of the property It is yours.
■ : -. %V>iile you are making these payments you can
' ,' im-OKine they; -are . rents you are paying— and j
you'll find lhe.m the most profitable rents you
ever. paid You can see these elegant H-yman
Tract homes; by takfng the Mission-fit, core,
transferring to Twenty-second st. and riding j
■ ■■.-to*. Hoffman aye., or Castro-st, cars to 23d st.
• where ' JAMES COTTER will show you
around. 'JACOB HEYMAW, 11 Montgomery
tt., will give you any. Information you may
d««lre. :.' , ■ ■ ■ j
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine St., oppo- !
.. rite Nevada Bank, will sell at sweeping re- !
 ductfori: ■ ■ . •
• $1400 reduced from $I*oo— 4 lots 25x100 each;
cn''p>"Q'n-ilnent rtrpets south of the Mission.
■ $7. r ,f>— Lot »x 96: Alpine and Ridley sts.
•-."s2_;-060, :fsrrnerly $88,000— A very prominent
corner yielding now- 8 per cent, and will surely i
. fro.-utcia $50,000. ■
• $3000— Fine 2-story house in Western Addl- I
•'llon. • .. ■■.• ..."
•;•$. 9000 V -.formerly $13,000— Ninth St., near Mis- \
■lon muet be. sold; only $4000 cash wanted.
JIT .■-•■..- An undivided half of lot 125x105 feet, !
covere.it Tvjth. buildings yielding good rent, on i
■ .Mlfesio'ri -'street;.', near Sixteenth.
■ •;s*2loo^-Flne new cottage at the Mission.
[ ~-jS-»0...-formerly . $»000- Rent $70: 4 fine flats; .
■ WVptern' Addition; lot 49x80.
■■^$4250-.for a splendid house and lot 16x110; j
Gplden-Gate : Park, ne,ar Baker st. ' "
"•■., •' IN THE HEART OF TOWN.
Several excellent properties on Market street. |
": $42, t00— Taylor St., near Market; large lot; !
_■ well improved; stores and flats.
•: BETTER THAN MONEY IN THE BANK. !
•-[ . »16 /"''--Rent $160; a 2-cprner house of 42 room. j
and 6 bnths. . ■ -
• ■..*r*7io— Rent ■ $50; 4 flats on Geary St.; lot 28x
■ : i*8 : : ■:■':•: .-. ■
•., .sssoo— .Rent $47; store and 2 flats; Geary st. |
■ v,.-. s2l!V>— Rent J25; a .double flat; 6 rooms below
• and *;.>■ "mM upstairs.
•;. c -s_o,-(WO— Rent $2CO; • stores and flats; never
vaVartt: .' •' .. •:
. ...$40f0 : .-Folsom street, near Eleventh; house 8
toems and stable: lot 2Sxl00; must be sold;
. only Sl-jL-O; -cufcli.. wanted.
iIOOKEK -A. LENT, ~ ,14 Post st. j
$1100;. -. • Cheap lot;
Halsht, near Baker; bank mortgage $£00; 25x100
.
$1350.. . ■ Twenty-first _t. Cottage,
near BanchM; 2r,y.ii4; and nice house.
■f r o^ i •'" Rush . near Broderlck;
Moderft _b<3us#, 6 rooms and bath; north side;
2«xl00; bank mortgKKe $2000.
, f ' " \v, _.*i ,V, V E - rorner Paclflc and Jones;
.lot 4.X60, with 2 ho_»e!<: well rented.
* 435O ', ■■ .• _ Mis-ion Business Corner,;
, .^ve: H wen."rehtr "**?*} Store and flats j
. ' \ J BOOKER & LENT.
FOR SALE BY M. n. LEVY. ~"
i^t izhsi?£ n improv,/' pn^iro'n^ Sixth
• ITOO— 3 modern flats < up to date) north «Ma '
sr«sst? <™ fta**
• M? n n y Lgvt 3°o n 7-d^rtcage.
FOR sale-26M Twenty-Brat st.,' house 5 rooms '
lot "sxl^6°f Y ee 1 t lentS: n " ! '° Ot basemenlt : stable;
FOJjSAJ.E-lcheap: a new well finished cot-
uM with high basement; 4 rooms and bath-
I: ■ lot; 1 " 8 . 1 be so d : P art going East' •
A«'v 324 }\orth; near Cortland aye. ]
FOR • SALE— Very handsome, up-to-date new
.^!iouses;.low prices, easy terms. 478 and is? '
fFrederick, near Stanyan st. ; open to-day.
BAY. window cottage; 6 rooms; St Mary aye !
Mission cars. ■ $1500.; or $15 monthly, no in-
toret-t. 413 Kearny st. !
FOUR rooms, bath, pantry, porches high
basement; nrw. $200 cash; $15 per month :
buy It, THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market:
CITY REAL ESTATE. '
MADISON _ BURKE, Real Estate Agents.
Established 1858. 626 Market st.
Must sell to close an estate— elegant In-
side property on Pine st., bet. Larkln and
Polk; 25x137:6; 2 buildings; only $5500 asked.
$7500— McAllister St.. noar Flllmore; 2 large
flats; paying good income; lot 25x100.
Washington st., near Webster; 9 rooms
and bath, lot 28x128.
Must be sold— 2 fine flats on Hayes St.. near
Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low; $55; only $7250; make offer.
$4500— Bush st., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6. :
$3000—3 flats; Twenty-first st., near Valencia;
rents $39 per month; lot 22x90.
Cozy new cottage; Tremont aye., near Fred-
erick St.: 5 rooms and bath, with all latest
conveniences; only $3000; terms to suit.
Twenty-fifth St., near Sanchez; 6
rooms and bath; 24:3x114.
$»000— Cottage and lot; Twenty-first St., near
Castro; 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x114.
$1400— Cottage and lot; Duncan St., near
Church; 4 rooms and stable; 25x114.
$1000— Webster St., near McAllister; 6 rooms
and bath and rear house; lot 26x84:6.
$3500— Two cottages; Chattanooga et., near
Twenty-third; 32:6x117:6.
$2500— St., near Sixteenth; 6 rooms anfl
lot 25x100.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Halght and Octavla sts.. 1 block
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
Corner, only $2250; California and Locust
sts; 37:6x107:7.
50 vara: Buchanan, corner of Chestnut; $6000; I
137:6x137:6.
$2300— Haight st., near Devisadero; an ele-
rant building lot.' 25x110.
$3500— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth; 52x100.
$2750— Clay St., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
$2000— Cole St., near Waller; 25x125.
$1750— Union St., near Webster; 25x100.
$1500— Turk st., cor. Central aye.; 27:6x110.
$1250— Sixteenth St., near Castro; 25x100.
Seventh aye., near J St., 25x120.
$ISOO— North side Golden Gate aye., near Cen-
tral aye. ; 25x110.
$1000 — Jersey st., near Noe; 25x114.
California, near Second aye.; 25x100; $500.
Valparaiso, near Filbert &■ Mason; 23x60.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents,
6-6 Market st., opp. Pali*_e Hotel.
Established ISSB.
Cheap— A 3-story house, all rented continu-
ously; In fine order; on Harrison St., near
Third; 25x55; only $4.00.
$5000— Reduced to close account; 2 elegant
flats: Baker St.. near Batter; rents $47 50; lot
25x112:6; key lot; sun all day.
Home on Fell St., near Devisadero; 6 rooms
and bath; lot 25x137:6; only $4000.
$12.000— St., near Buchanan; 3 elegant
flats; rents $100 per month; lot 25x100.
$9000—2 houses and lot 40x60, within half a
block of O'Farrell and Powell sts.
$6000 — Page St., near Devisadero; sunny side;
contains S rooms; near the park. . ..„' ',
$5500— Pine Et., near Larkin; 2 houses, well
rented; 25x137:6.
Must be sold on account of departure; Guer- ;
rero st., near Twenty-fifth; elegant home: 7
rooms and bath; lot 25x125; only $4500 asked.
Cheap — Nice cottage; Elizabeth et., near Cas-
tm: 5 rooms and bath; fine garden; lot 25x114;
$2500.
MADISON & BURKE,
626 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel.
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO
Returned from temporary offices to 513 Cali-
fornia St.";':. ;
IMPROVED.
$12,000 — Leaven worth and Greenwich;
137:6x137:6. with house.
$11,000— Dupont and Hlnckley; 20x57:6;
store and lodging-house; rente $85.
$10,600— Cor. Dupont and Francisco; 45:10x68:8.
$0500— Ellis, nr. Buchanan; 25:9x60; flats; rents j
$65 60.
$6250— Broadway, nr. Kearny; 20x77:6.
16500— Bryant and Zoe; 35x97:6.
$5000— Page, nr. Pierce; 25x137:6; cottage, 6
room, and bath.
$4500— Green, near Powell; 24:3x69:9; flats;
rents $38.
$4500— Filbert, nr. Taylor; 20x60; rent $46.
$4200— Shotwell, nr. 24th; 25x122:6; 2 flats.
$4000— aye., nr. Point Lobos; 50x120; worth i
$5000.
$2500— aye.. nr. Clement St.; 25x120: cottage.
$2000— 28 th, nr. Sanchez; 25:5x114; cottage.
$1700— Bernard, nr. Jones; 23x60; cottage and
stable.
UNIMPROVED.
$2500— Steiner, nr. Oak; 25x100.
$1400— Fllb«rt. nr. Varennes; 17:0x57.6; cheap.
$1200— Oaks, nr. 26th: 25x125.
Scott, nr. Washington; 25x115.
17th and Capp; 82:6x110.
25x120; Boyce and Rose aye.; 3 lots.
25x^5; 13th, nr. Stevenson; 2 lots.
23x100; Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
$1100— Lombard and Pierce; 22:11x90:
FOR sale — flats, 2936 California St.. near
Baker. Ap^ly 308 Pacific St.; reasonable.
TWO more cottaces Just finished; 4 and 5
rooms and bath; will sell on terms. $100 to
$250 cash: bal. $15 to $20 per month. THE
MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER
ROOM A, First Floor,
Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
EXPERT JUDGES BUY PROPERTY NOW!
BARGAINS NOW! PROFITS LATER!
$100, $150 to $250: level building lots near
Mission-street electric carß: only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS ~GTS!
$400. $450 to- $850: officially graded; superb
view; $25 down, $10 monthly.- ■ . ■■ .••■
• • . SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
MOO. $450 to $750; choicest Richmond building
lots; street graded and sewered; . $25 . down,
$10 monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ £ BROTHER,
Room A, Crocker building.
C. C. BEMIS, '
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT.
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh sts.; close to electric road.
$5000— corner for store; must be sold;
lot 52:4x«0 feet
J6700— 60xir7:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay.
60-vara on Page St.; panhandle of park.
Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— Southwest corner Fifth aye. and C
St.; 10Sx»5 feet. ■ , ■
$5000— BEAT this If you can; house of 2 flats,
4 and -5 rooms, cottage in rear Of 3 rooms',
lot 21x80; house of 2 flats, 5 and 6 rooms; lot
20x75;. patent sidewalk; street accepted;
steady income; always rented; 2 blocks from
City Hall and new postofflce. Apply owner,
517 Banks Bt., off Cortland aye.
HOUSE for sale: 2 stores, 4 rooms; complete
fixtures for restaurant and saloon; lease 4
years; rent $15. Apply at 2132 Mission st.
$.100— LOT 20x«0, with 2 cottages; rent $17. In-
quire 60 Clipper st., near Twenty-sixth.
NICE 3-flat house. Western Addition: newest
improvements; good paying rent: for sale
cheap; no agents. Box 487, Call office. •'-,
FOR SALE— Twenty-first St.. near Bryant; 7-
room cottage: open Sunday from 1 to" 4 p. m. -
J. FLAHERTY, builder, 1207 Market, nr. Bth.
PLANS, specifications, etc.. submitted for any
kind of building. W. W. RT.DNALL. builder
1326 Hayes. • • ■
< MARKET ST. -Branch office .of The Call.
Want a'l« and subscriptions taken.
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
LOT 50x130 on "Walnut st., near Vine; street
work done: only $800; worth $1500. -
House of 5 rooms In good condition; only
$1000 (the amount of the mortgage): easy
terms. O. G. MAY & CO.,
; ' ' 2123 Center St., Berkeley.
GREAT Bargains— l2ooo. 8-room house lot 60*
137:«, rented for $22: 1 block from station; also
6-room cottntre. 11180. FREESE * CODING -
TON. 2119 Stanford plncp. onp. nerkHpy Stq.'
~8-OXEY'TO LOAN. ~~
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land: or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions: no- delays J j
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
Sixth; telephone South 14. .
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob- i
tain liberal advances on diamond* and Jew- I
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market st. ; tel. Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos, without I
removal; money quick; confidential; no com-
mission; lowest Interest. Room 68, 1170 Mar-
ket at ' ' "'""'''' ' ' "' '
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; - low rates; no commission; $25 up; i
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st. I
ANY amount at «H per cent on real estate: 2d j
and 8d mort saxes, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgo. cry rm. 3.
SECOND mortgages & undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
DN pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest rates;
no commission; private. 116 McAllister st.
[50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d-mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
MONEY WANTED, v ~~'
WANTED— SI9OO on city, real estate, 8 per. cent
Interest. Box 480, Call office.
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1898.
CITY REAL, ESTATE.
BALDWIN i HOWELL,
■ • REAL ESTATE AGENTS
$2400— 5500 cash, balance $15 monthly; hand-
some bay-window cottage of 4 large rooms, and
bath, on Thirteenth street, nr. Church; lot
25x114.
$8500 — street, near Haigh't; . 3 modern
flats of 6 rooms, and bath each, all rented for
$80 per month; lot 27:6x100. ■ :
$3000— Fourth aye., nr. Clement st. 2 flats of
5 rooms and bath each; rent $32; lot 25x120.
$3500— Easy terms: 2-story residence, 7 rooms
and bath: all modern Improvements: lot 25x
114; 4324 Twentieth street, near Castro.
$8500— Rent *S2 ; Lott st. : not far ' from Page
St.; 3 new flats. Just completed; large lot; good
buy. '--:,..
Leaven worth street, near California,
two-story residence, 7 rooms and bath, ■• lot
with two frontages. An offer wanted.
$5250— handsome bay-window flats on
Hermann street, close to Valencia; lot 25x85-
rent $56.
PAYS OVER 14 PER CENT.
?6EoO— Natoma street, near Sixth; splendid
3-story building; best building on the street;
coal yard ; ■ Hats above.
$4000— Rent $44; near Fourth street; five
flats; front and rear building: a good Interest-
raying property, " an offer wanted.
$6Soo— Make an offer; Broderick street, close
to California; 2 modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms
and bath each; extra large lot;. rents $62 50.
$2000— Fine 2-story bay-window house of 6
rooms and bath: Elizabeth street, nr Guerrero.
CHOICE BUSINESS PROPERTY.
e rnn PAYS OVER 9 PER CENT.
$16,500— Best portion of Fillmore street; sub-
stantial building, stores and flats; lot 6<jx9o;
an offer wanted. v-
s6ooo— Frederick street, near Ashbury: new
bay-window flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath
each; rent $55; lot 25x116.
A BARGAIN.
$3.oo— Rent $38, and all rented; 4 flats on
Clementina, street, near Eighth; lot 25x75;
building in good repair.
$2600— Clara street, bet. Third and Fourth-
2-story building; flats of 4 and. 6 rooms; rents
$25; lot 25x55; improvements in good condition-
only $600 cash required, balance ■ can be paid
out of the rents.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery street.
WILL take Western Addition lot In part
pay. We have one or two income properties;
flats paying over 10 per cent. Price $6500
and $S6OO. .BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
David Bush. Manager Country Dept.
14 Montgomery Street.
Installments— Freight/ $1 per ton, fare 2">c-
good fruit, grain, vegetable, sugar beet or al-
falfa land at $25 per acre and upward; near
Stockton, quarter cash, balance Installments.
Send for circular.
$2000—10 acres at Los Gates; 679 prunes, 2SO
peaches. 67 apricots and family orchard; all
In bearing; surrounded by hedge; In good
neighborhood; no building; part cash, and a
bargain.
$6000—134 acres on railroad and Russian
River, Sonoma County; near station and
school; 20 acres of orchard; M) 00 vines; all in
bearing; 60 acres in grain; land all cultivable,
with good improvements; plenty of* water, and
on easy terms; this is choice and a great bar-
gain.
Wanted; furnished house at Palo Alto.
A— $11,000; hotel property; lot 200x170; highly
improved; worth $20,000; one block from Court -
house; clears 15 per cent yearly; best mining
town in California: mnulation increased from
1500 to 4000 past year; not a vacant house in
town; five hotels packed fullest capacity:
chance of a lifetime for hotel man. KREDO &
CO., 22H Geary st.
A— sl2oo; roadhouse and 45 acres, Napa Co.;
rents $20 month. KREDO & LO.. 22"* Geary.
SOME rich, level land, 2 blocks from Plaza,
in Sonoma City: 10 to 15 acre lots; only
$100 per acre; easy terms.
$1500—165 acres Contra Costa County: fenced;
family orchard; 60 acres under cultivation;
house of 5 rooms, etc.
$ISOO— I6 acres near Santa Rosa; level land:
6 acres prunes, 1 acre young grapes; new house
of 5 rooms: barn and chicken house. ■
$1600—32 acres near Santa Rosa; level land;
1 acre orchard: small house and barn. GAM AN
6 LYON. 215 Kearny st.
220 ACRES for $5000. — —
Improved fruit and stock ranch near Grass
Valley, in mining district. McAFEE BROTH-
ERS,.\IOB Montgomery St., San Francisco.': .-,
MARIN County dairy ranches; sell or lea.se;
building lots and land by the acre In Ross
Valley. J. TUNSTEAD. San Rafael, Cal.
STOCK LANDS FOR SALE.
7200 acres. Fort Seward ranch, with or with-
out 600 head of stock cattle. .
2400 acres; Woodman ranch.
6000 acres; Alder Point ranch.
All located on Eel River, Humboldt County;
banner stock county and lands of California;
never failing water and wood; no droughts.
These ranches will be sold on terms to suit
purchasers. For full particulars write H. T.
FAIRBANKS, Petaluma, Cal.
GOOD Income home In Novato, 12 acres
water; cheap. WM. BAUER, Novato, Ma-
rin Co.
AN income home in Santa Cruz Mountains; 3
miles from Ben Lomond; 20 acres orchard;
berries; running water; all can -be Irrigated
If desired; house of 4 rooms, barn, horse,
tools, chickens, etc.; price $ISOO. BOODY &
SLAVES'. Mills building, 29, second floor.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE!
BRING along what you have to exchange for
the following properties; all good and free
from incumbrance; will assume mortgage:
410 acres in Fresno County
100 acres in Kern County
120 acres in Son Diego County
80 acres in Oregon
160 acres In Kansas ,
40 acres 12 miles from Los Angeles
32 city lots in Olympia City, "Or
Call or address 455 Seventh st.. Oakland.
H. Z. JONES. Owner.
NEW 6-room house; lot 60x150; 10 minutes'
walk to local; $3500; mortgage $1600; want
email ranch in bay«rounty. WILLIAM P.
TODD & CO., 1050 Broadway, Oakland.
10-ACRE fruit ranch near Santa Rosa: In full
bearing; house, barn, chicken-houses, etc.
Box 335. Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATB.
COMPELLED TO SELL—
$2000— Lot 37:2x108; new 5-room cottage; Ala-
meda. avenue; worth $3000.
$2000— Lot 45x130; new 7-room house; worth
$3600; a snap.
$I.oo— Lot 25x105; new &-room cottage; worth
$2500: Grand st. '
$1200— Lot 60x150; San Antonio aye., near
Chestnut street. . . .
$500— Lot 50x130: worth $1000. . v-i r'
All the above are centrally located, within 5
minutes' walk of trains and schools and can be
bought on easy installments. wgßSgsw*s_Ba_»Sas
ALAMEDA LAND . COMPANY,
. 1500 Park St., Alameda.
. Open Sundays and holidays. :.--. ;
SPECIAL BARGAINS— : -v ~~~
• $850— Lot 60x203; fine location. : •■■'■/::
$425—6 lots; flue location; broad avenue; must
be sold.
$1200— Cottage, 4 rms.; modern; great bargain.
$1250 — Cottage, 5 rooms; nearly new.
$2000— 2-story house, 6 rms. ; mod.; nearly new.
$2800— Cottage, 6 rooms: modern; lot 60x160;
with 4-room house In rear.
... ■■-.._.. D. JUDD & CO., 1424 Park st.
ALAMEDA -home for sale or lease; an ideal
new . sunny corner residence, elegantly fur-
nished. Particulars and photographs at of-
fice BURNHAM-MARSH Co., 20 Montgmry.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
. UST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700. $1800, $2200. $2600. $3000.
The above are lovely cottaffes which have
been thrown on the. market for non-payment
of Installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. 1 They con-
tain 4, "., C and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and stations.*
We are going to weed ' them out, and Invite
inspection. - MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda, ' and ; 630 Market st.,
San Francisco. ,-. .Open Sundays and holidays.' --
EXTRA bargain: will build modern 5-room
house on nice lot, good location; only $1600.
Apply to owner. J. ,H. YOUNG. 1243 Park.
ALAMEDA BARGAINS.
$1300— Lot 33:4x100; neat house; 4 rooms and
bath; any terms. ' . - • ■
$1600— Lot 25x160;. nice house; 5 rooms and
bath ; any terms. •
$2200— Lot 26x147: nice new shlnffled J-story
house; 6 rooms and bath. ;.,-.*■;. : .
Jl5OO — Lot 40x100; 2-story; 7 rooms; worth
$2600. ' :
$2800— Lot '42x160: elegant new modern cottage:
7 rooms and bnth; up-to-date. . .
$3000— Lot 42x160; fine NW. corner; 7 rooms
and bath: new and modern. ','.'
Lot 100x145; elegant corner lot, with I rooms
and bath, stable, fruit trees, etc.
All well - located; - near -school, and station;
street work done.. Apply at once to ' 
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
Houses to let. . V 1432 Park st.. Alameda. .
ALAMEDA— Fine home for sale or exchange
for San Francisco property, or would lease to
good tenant for 1 or 2 years; rent $50; h^uae 9
rooms, attic, basement, gas and electric
lights throughout; large grounds. See owner
at 1439 Morton St., Alameda.
SNAP— New house and h*th: lot 60x150; good
location; * minutes' walk from station. Ap-
ply to owner, 1612 Chapln st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY. ■
OAKLAND » REAL ESTATE.
$650— FINEST lot in Peralta Heights, East
Oakland; 50x140; NW. corner, worth $1300; $500
can remain; only $150 cash; street work done.
F. C. WATSON, 464 Ninth St.
FOR exchange, beautiful home on high
ground; 70x150; house of 10 rooms; highly Im-
proved grounds; $5500; mortgage $2250. F. C.
WATSON, 464 Ninth street. .. , . ; •
$2750— ACRES close to San Leandro road;
fine location; best bargain ever offered: as-
sessed for $2500; easy terms; will cut up into
42-50 foot lots. F. C. WATSON, 464 Ninth at.
FINE home worth $5000 clear to trade for
ranch in bay counties; send full particulars of
ranch. F. C. WATSON, 464 Ninth st.
— FOR a 3-room cottage and three nice
lots; $25 cash; monthly installments to suit.
$75— Lots in the Allendale Tract, East Oak-
land, $o cash, $5 monthly on one or more lots.
3 electric car lines; -fine school; city water;
grand boulevard near: 35 families now located;
View, location and noil unexcelled; building up
rapidly; perfect drainage. Call or send for
circular, 455 Seventh St., cor. Broadway, Oak-
land. H. 2. JONES, owner.
$3500— ELEGANT, new modern S-room house,
3 blocks to Broadway. ALDEN-GARFIELD
CO.. 902 Broad way.
MONEY to loan on furniture, pianos and real
estate. ALDEN-GARFIELD CO., 902 Broad-
way.
$600 WILL buy a good residence: 2 story; 7
rooms; bath; stable and lot 60x137:6; $2000
can remain on mortgage: a bargain, AL-
DEN-GARFIELD CO.. 902 Broadway.
$S6O— HOUSE and lot, 50x100; 5 rooms; well lo-
cated. ALDEN-GARFIELD CO.. 902 Broad-
way. . . .
FLATS. 6 rooms and bath each; Market st.
station;, paying 12 per cent interest;: price
$2100; mortgage $2000; first come first served;
got to be sold to close out an estate.
A new house, .7 rooms and bath; the . very
latest design; near business center and local
trains; $2000 less than value; easy terms; own-
er* a non-resident and his instructions are to
sell regardless of cost; examine this property
before Investing elsewhere. ■
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$1600— BEAUTIFUL home; close to Oakland,
railroad and street car, store, postofflce; very
convenient; 8-room house; 2 acres land, with
fruit, barn, well water, pump, chicken house
and yards; roses in abundance; water piped
to house; good road; close to- school and
church; also 8 rooms, with 6 acres finest land
and apricot 'orchard In California; all con-
veniences at hand; price $3150. Call at once
. at T. K. ANDERSON'S, Ill* Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal. -
NO reason for paying rent when you can get a
new 3-room cottage and lot 50x125 In the Al-
vtn Tract for $550, on small payment down
and $5 monthly; take Hay wards local train
to Elmhurst and see those new cottages; 45
minutes' comfortable ride from ' San Fran-
cisco to Elmhurst; 3 already sold. A. T.
BATTEN, resident agent. JACOB HEY-
MAN, . ii Montgomery st.
$1150— THE coziest little home In Oakland at the
price; four large rooms all newly painted and
papered; sunny side ' of the street: three
blocks from local station In East Oakland, In
the healthiest location; make your own terms
of payment; look this up Monday. HUGH M.
■CAMERON, office. 479 Ninth St., Oakland.
TWO acres choice fruit; new cottage, 5 rooms
and bath; 7-foot basement: chicken house;
fine artesian well; windmill; tank house;
tank; Kencll aye., 2 blocks from San Lean-
dro road, near power house, Elmhurst. In-
quire on premises. HAVES.
COTTAGE and lot; bargain: 22d at., near
San Pablo aye. Apply 306 Sixth St., S. F.
$75 UPWARD; lots In the Allendale Tract, East
Oakland; $5 cash, $5 monthly.
$450 for a 4-room cottage: terms to suit.
$125 upward— Lots in Gallndo Tract. East
Oakland; nothing like these lots for double the
money anywhere: but a few left and must be
sold; fine schooihouse; 2 electric car lines;
streets all graded and macadamized; city water
and sewer; nice homes surrounding. Call or
send for circular, 455 Seventh St., cor. Broad-
way, Oakland. H. Z. JONES, owner.
HOUSES for sale on very easy terms; also
lots In Oakland at a great bargain; be sure
and call if you want a home in Oakland or
a small ranch; bank references. E. E.
BUNCE, 90S Broadway. Oakland.
WILL be sold; new modern 7-room house:
large lot: everything up to date: will rent
to pay 12 per cent on Investment: opposite
school in Elmhurst. Write or call on T. B.
DRAPER, owner. In house.
3. CALLAGHAN. real estate dealer, notary
nubllr: r>ron<rty InnkM after. 814 Broadway
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
BEAUTIFUL modern home, ■ Vernon Heights;
15 rooms; superb "views, garden, conservatory,
.table: special terms to right party. Address
R. JOHNSON, 14 Sansome St.. room 15, San
Francisco. . .
RESIDENCE: 9 rooms; bath; barn; largo lawn;
tennis court; conservatory; ent cheap; cen-
tral: 659 24th St.. nr. Grove. Apply owner.' R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact.. 1«22 Grove.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED— On Linda Vista terrace^ resi-
dence with 5 bedrooms. Apply to HERON &
HOLCOMB, 1060 Broadway, Oakland. ■
OAKLAND HOTELS.
FURNISHED and unfurnished housekeeping
rooms, single and double rooms, $1 to $3;
suites, $2 50 to $3; transients solicited. Oriental
Hotel. 864 Washington, hi block from station.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
SUNNY rooms with board; quiet neighborhood;
near local trains. 1020 Adeline st., Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL^
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. See, him.
FRUITVALt- REAL ESTATE.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms: chicken house;
good well and pump: lot 76x110, all fenced. H.
A. PLEITNER, Frultvale Station.
$1550—2 ACRES of sandy loam, well located;
only 6 blocks from Frultvale station, H. A.
PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station.
$ISSO, REDUCED from Elegant 2-story
house of 6 rooms and hath; fine mantel, barn,
choice fruit trees In bearing; lot 50x150; located
In the best part of Fruitvale; $100 cash; bal-
ance on your own terms. H. A. PLEITNER,
Fruitvale Station.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
MODERN house, 8 rooms; furnace; desirable
location; rent reduced. J. J. NORMAN,
342 Post St.
PROPERTY WANTED.
I WANT a nice house or cottage In Hayes Val-
ley, within 2 or 3 blocks of St. Ignatius Col-
lege;. must be In nice condition; price $4000 to
$6000; no agents. Address box 499 Call office.
HOUSES TO LET. ,'-.\- '
AT 715 Sutter, near Taylor— Unsurpassable for
Dr. or dressmaker; workroom 25x35 ; choice for
business and residence combined; Investigate.
BAY-WI- >OW house, 4 rooms and basement;
210V4 Perry St.; rent $12 50; water free. Apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye.. bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake sts. ; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 628 Market st.
ELLIS, 1472, near Buchanan— rooms and bath
and planked basement.
GOLDEN GATE aye., near Webster— room,
and bath; modern Improvements; $50.
HOUSE, 7 rooms and bath; rent $18. Apply
626 Eddy St. :■ . . \ .*
HOUSE of IS rooms' and bath; sunny side; in
good order. 252 O'Farrell st.
MODERN house, 8 . rooms, bath; carpeted;
large- garden; low - rent. :; 3932 Twenty-fourth.
TWENTY-THIRD, 2756, near Hampshire—
rooms, bath; yard; rent $16.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN St. HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. ■ ' ■-.-•• '■:'.-:■
$14— HOUSE, 6 rooms and bath; water , free.
323 Caetro st., between Market and . Sixteenth.
$15 — 7-ROOM house and' bath; furnished or un-
furnished. \ 137 Julian aye., off Sixteenth and
Mission sts. •■'•.: .. .-■ -,-
SUNNY house, 7 rooms, bath and laundry;
yards for - flowers. • DEMPSTER. -36 Glen
Park aye., off Twelfth . St. <-
8-STORY- house: 7 ' rooms and bath. . US
Olive aye., nr. Polk, -bet. Ellis and O'Farrell.
New ) modern S-room - house :. and bath;
basement. 2327 Leavenworth St.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
ELEGANTLY furnished resilience ,on '■" Pacific
aye.. No. 2517. near Pierce st. ; 10 rooms, bath,
laundry, etc.: large and well kept grounds;
marine view; ■ rent reasonable. Apply on
r premises, ■ bet. ■10 and 3 o'clock, or to HOOK-
ER & LENT, 14 Post fit. .•'.,-•-.; '■..'. -
HANDSOME furnished residence, '■ modern ! sun-
ny, drainage location, 8 rooms, : etc.: rent, $75;
one year lease. SPECK;& CO., 602 Market. :■
TYPEWRITERS.
NEW Hammond, $85; Callgraph, $15; Yoii»~sJs;
get sample work. SCOTT, 3M Montgomery.
ALL : typewriters sold ' and ' rented . few partly
■ used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO. .' 110 Montgomery.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE NAIVETE— 2 rooms furnished for
housekeeping, Mill Valley; $15 one month: $25
two months. Apply at Postofflce, Mill Valley.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms, bath, gas: sunny: good
view; $IG. 3 Codman place, oft Washington
St., bet. Powell and Mason.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath In perfect
order; rent reasonable. 3103 Clay st
FIFTEENTH, 1576, near Dolores— Sunny, new-
ly renovated cottages of 5 rooms; bath; base-
ment; yard; cheap.
GROVE, 720—4 large-sunny rooms; gas; bath;
Bunny separate yard; sunny side.
TO let— Cottage. 5 rooms, bath and basement;
rent reasonable. 12u Flllmore st.
4 ROOMS, $J; 4 r. andliath, $14; 5 r. and bath,
$15; 7 r. and bath, $17: or will sell; $50 to $250
caf-h, balance $10 to $20 per month. THE MC-
CARTHY CO., GtO Market et.. S. F.
$6— COMFORTABLE rear cottage, 4 rooms;
basement; water free. 339 Jersey, nr. Castro.
FLATS TO LET.
APPRECIATED if seen; rarely beautiful: NW
corner Butter and Scott; 6 big rooms and
glazed porch; or NW corner Erie and How-
ard, near Thirteenth; 7 big rooms and porch;
all sunny; rent reasonable; flooded with sun-
shine.
AN elegant new modern flat, choice location,
$25; also cheaper flats, $18 and $16. 82S Lom-
bard st.
A— Bl FLATS east of Larkin, $11, $18 to $23; 15
sunny, modern flats, W. A., $15 to $2o; 33 cot-
tages. $10 to $27 50. A. M. SPECK & CO.,
602 Market St.
BAKER, 2110— Sunny upper flat. 3 rooms and
rath-, completely furnished; piano.
BUSH, 1207— Flat. 4 rooms, 1 alcove, bath; rent
$20. Apply 12118 Bush St.
ELEGANT 7-room corner flat. 6i>2 Church St.,
1 block from Mission High School.
ELEGANT flat of 7 rooms, bath; rent $35. 626
Post et.
FELL, 111— Nicely furnished flat; 4 rooms and
bath.
FIFTEENTH, 2260— Nice fiunny 6-room fur-
nished Hat; between Noe und Castro sts.
FLAT, five rooms, bath; nearly new; rent $15.
S4B Haight st.
FLAT of 4 rooms and stable; rent $16. 1 Islb
St., bet. 12th and 13th, Folsom and Harrison.
FLAT; 5 rooms; large yard; stable; $15. Twen-
ty-fourth st. untl Treat aye.
FOLSOM. 930, bet. sth and 6th-5 r. and b. ; $14.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
FOLcOM, 1411— New flat S rooms; latest im-
provements; bath; sunny.
FULTON, 118— Fine sunny middle flat. 7 rooms
and bath; near City Hall; $28.
GEARY, 1126. bet. Van Ness and Franklin-
Modern flat; 7 rooms and bath.
GEARY, 1917 — » nice rooms; bath; toilet; cellar,
yard; furnished hall; gas; $18; water free.
HICKORY AYE., 187— Flat; 8 rooms; yard;
hall; rent $9.
HOWARD, 862— Brick bMg; 5 r. and b.; $25.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
LEAVENWORTH. 1521— Flat of 5 rooms; mod-
ern Improvements; rent $16.
LOWJBK bay-window flat 4 rooms, pantry,
bath, g-as, stationary tub 9, basement and
yard : rent reasonable to good tenant. 233
Chattanooga st., near Twenty-fourth.
LOWER flat 4 rooms. Florida,<«t., near Twenty-
fourth. Inquire corner grocery.
MCALLISTER. 1723, nr. Broderick— B r. and b.;
rent $25. ASHTON CO., 411 Montgomery it.
MINNA. 6398. between Seventh and Eighth— A
new modern flat, 6 rooms; bath; yard and
basement.
MISSION, 1513 A, near Eleventh— s large sunny
rooms, bath, laundry; rent $15 up.
NEW sunny flats, 6 and 7 rooms; latest Im-
provements. 1144 Golden Gate aye., near
Webster st.
PAGE, 484—3 sunny rooms, bath; furnished or
unfurnished; rent low; Inquire 9 to 12.
PART of a flat to let by an elderly lady. 4067
Nineteenth st., near Castro.
PIERCE. 3132, near Greenwich— New upper
flat, 5 large rooms; bath, basement, yard; JlB.
SHOTWELL, 1030— Flat of 4 rooms and bath;
rent $10 and $12.
SUNNY flat, 5 rooms and bath. Northeast cor.
Polk and Jackson sts.
BUNNY bay-window 3 rooms, bath, basement.
1S» Hampton pi. off Folsom st., bet. 2d and 3d.
SUTTER. 16138* nr. Octavla— 7 r. and b. : $30.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery St.
VALENCIA, 469, nr. 16th— 6 r. and b. : rent $16.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
WASHINGTON, 1325, near Jones— i large
rooms; rent $12.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$9 — LOWER sunny 4-roomed flat, cellar, yard
separate; sanitary. Nineteenth and Florida.
$14— SUNNY flat 5 rooms. 724 Harrison St.,
between Third and Fourth.
2 FLATS. 5 and 6 sunny rooms; bath, yard;
rent reduced. 30 Moss, off Howard, near 7th.
2 SUNNY flats 4 rooms: rent $11 and $9. 6A and
23 Dearborn St., oft* 17th, above Valencia.
4 AND 6 room flats on Twelfth st. and Glen
Park aye.. $13, $14, $15. $18 and $23 50. DEMP-
STER, 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth st
$9— Upper flat of four rooms: sunny side. 472
Linden aye., near Laguna st.
$11— NEW sunny flat, 4 rooms and bath. 489 1 / 4
Sanchez »t., cor. Eighteenth.
$12— UPPER flat, 4 rooms; lower, $10. 136 Ivy
aye., near Van Ness.
$14 — NEW bay window flat, 4 rooms, bath, yard;
modern improvements. 3037 Twenty-second
St., near Howard.
$15—2 NEW upper modern sunny flats, 5 rooms
and bath. 2668 Twenty-second St., nr Bryant.
$32 50— CORNER; 6 sunny rooms and bath. 218
Van Ness aye.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 in
kitchen and 1 in bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new.; $3 per week: suitable for
4 or 5 persons. Apply at sfioe store, 562 Mis-
sion St., bet. First and Second.
AT 557 Ellis— 3 or 4 connecting: rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping.
BARTLETT. 124— Furnished or unfurnished
housekpg. rms.; Bunny: bath; reasonable.
BRANNAN. 446, bet. Third and Fourth— Large
sunny front room for housekeeping; 6 single
rooms.
BUCHANAN, 602, corner Fell— Sunny bay
windows and kitchens, en suite; $12 to $15.
BUSH, 675—8 large well-furnished rooms, bath;
first floor; front room^flO.
BUSH, S63— Nicely furnished, sunny rooms;
running water, bath; prl. fam.; gents; re fa.
BUSH, 2117— Two unfurnished rooms for light
housekeeping; reasonable; references.
CLARA, 213*— Sunny bay-window flat of 3
rooms; renrsS; small family.
DALE place, 7, off Golden Gate aye., near
Leavenworth— 3 large sunny housekeeping
rooms; cheap.
EDDY, 805— Large front room, housekeeping;
also room for 2 gentlemen; private family.
EDDY, §04— Furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping; also single rooms.
EDDY 915— Two or three furnished rooms, all
conveniences; fine location; private residence.
EIGHTH, 10H— Nice sunny bedroom and regu-
lar kitchen; running water; quiet house.
ELLIS. 611, near Hyde— Housekeeping rooms.
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkin— Bay window al-
cove, gas, bath.
FIFTH 309— New house, nicely furnished suite;
2 or more adults; large kitchen; first floor;
sunny.
FIFTH, 348—2 rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing; rent cheap.
FOLSOM, 519 — Large sunny room complete lor
housekpg; also tingle room adjoining; cheap.
FOURTH, 329— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; newly renovated;
cheap rent.
FRANKLIN, 7—2 sunny rooms for housekeep-
Jng.
GEARY. 441— Sunny furnished rooms, house-
keeping; single rooms, $S per month upward.
GOLDEN GATE, 404— Bay-window parlor floor,
complete for J or 4: gas range, bath: $25.
GOLDEN GATE AYE., 637—2 or more unfurn-
ished rooms for housekeeping; $10 and $12.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1404— Fine front sunny
room with kitchen; and single $5.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1509—2 or 8 unfurnished
rooms; quiet private family; bath; gas; ref. j
HARRISON, 601— Suite of 8 housekeeping
rooms; sunny corner; completely furnished;
private family; adults; $16. THt>MAB.
HARRISON, 618—2 good unfurnished house-
keeping rooms: $5 to common-sense people.
HOWARD, 2006 A, near Sixteenth— Large sun-
ny furnished housekeeping rooms; gas, bath;
cheap.
HYDE, 1000 H. cor. Pine— Four unfurnished
rooms: sun front and back; $16.
LARKIN, J2sH— Two unfurnished sunny rooms
for housekeeping; $7 to $12. (Third bell.)
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued.
LARKIN, .1026%— Unfurnished alcove; also
: others' furnished; rent reasonable; sunny. -
LEWIS, 18, r off -Taylor, near Post— Sunny room
and kitchen; unfurnished; reasonable. • -
MASON, 413— Furnished sunny rooms for
housekeeping; one single room, $5 month.
McALLISTER, 535, near Van Ness— ele-
gant newly furnished - rooms for housekeep-
ing; $15; private. .
MINNA, 421— Front sunny : room suitable for
li^ht housekeeping.
MINNA, 546— T0 let, . furnished rooms for
housekeeping. •
MISSION, 562— large sunny rooms furnished
complete 1 for housekeeping, $2 50 per week. •
MISSION, 834— Housekeeping rooms neatly fur-
nished, and single rooms.
MISSION, 661, near Second— Large front room
and kitchen furnished for housekeeping; also
single rooms for housekeeping.
MISSION, SGS— Two large furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; sunny; convenient.
NINTH, — 2 sunny connecting rooms; stove,
water, gas; $11; bay-wlnaow, *S, single. ,'
NINTH, 113— Sunny, front room, with kitchen,
complete for housekeeping; rent .cheap. •
NINTH, 130%— Large unfurnished front room,
with grate, $8; or front suite, $10.
NINTH, 135— A nice sunny suite of 2 bedrooms,
dining room and kitchen, with bath, complete
for housekeeping;, private; rent $20.
OAK, 54— Housekeeping; double parlors, kitch-
en, bath, gas; new house.
•OAK, 246—2 or 3 sunny front housekeeping
rooms new and well furnished. ■ jj
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Bay window
•and kitchen; gas stove; $13.
PINE, 7&— Nicely furnished rooms for house-
keeping.
POLK, 522— Front sunny connecting unfur-
nished suite; also single room; nice and quiet.
POST, 505— Furnished rooms for housekeeping;
gas; yard; other rooms; reasonable.
POWELL, 944— Rooms for housekeeping; also
single rooms for gentlemen. ■
SACRAMENTO, 1365— Lower floor, S rooms,
with yard; rent $7. »
L.TH PARK, 184—2 large sunny rooms nicely
furnished for housekeeping.
STEVENSON, 642— Front room for 1 or 2;
housekeeping if desired; bath; central.
STONE. 23— $8; 4 rooms, yard; flat; a few doors
from Washing-ton and Powell sts.
SUTTER, 1148— Front suite; also 2 or 3 very
nice rooms for light housekeeping; gas and
bath. ■••■;• . ,
TURK, 128— 2 or 3 housekeeping rooms; first
floor. ... ■ <• ■:. ■
TURK, 405 — Newly furnished housekeeping
rooms, complete, with range and bath; $& to $IS.
TWENTY-FIRST, 3331, near Valencia— Sunny
furnished room for housekpg; nice location.
VAN NESS aye., 1021, "near Geary— front
suite 2 or 3 rooms and kitchen.
ROOMS TO LET. ~
SELECT home; Hotel Florence, 102 Ellis,
cor. Powell; elevator; baths; best attention.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton Bt. ; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny. St.— Pleasant i
BUnny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable..
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 715-717-719. 829% and Mason
Choice; sunny; reasonable; investigate.
AT 147 Powell, 211 O'Farrell— by the
day. week or month; very -reasonable.
AT 416 O'Farrell— Nice sunny rooms, single
and en suite; $7 up; everything first class.
BIRCH aye., 18, opposite City Hall— let,
sunny front room.
BUSH, Nicely furnished room; all mod-
ern conveniences; suitable for one or two
gentlemen. ' :.*';•:.
CEDAR aye., 14%— One or two unfurnished
rooms or one double furnished. . .
CLEMENTINA.' 327-2 nice furnished rooms in
German family, $5 each. .
CLEMENTINA. ' 434%— Large sunny furnished
room, with use of parlor, $3 a month.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; ?8, $10 mo.
DEVISADERO, 2004, near California— Hand-
somely furnished, ' sunny rooms; gentlemen
only.
EDDY, 118— Pleasant ifont suites with 2 beds;
other clean, sunny rooms, $6 up.
EDDY, 113— Neatly furnished front and back
parlor reasonable for office or private.
EDDY, — Nicely furnished sunny rooms; gas,
bath; $5 month up; "iilet house.
EDDY, 318— Newly furnished sunny suite and
single rooms from $4 up. ■ .... .
EDDY, -Suite of rooms;- handsomely . fur-
- nished; dressing-room attached; board If de-
sired. .......
EIGHTH, 245— Elegantly furnished, bright
sunny room; private family; gentleman; $6.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week.
ELLIS, 611, near Hyde— Nicely furnished dou-
ble and single sunny rooms; gas and bath;
from $6 50 to $18. ... . ,
ELLIS, 927, near Van Ness— Handsomely fur-
nished rooms; reasonable; private; references.
ELLIS, 1800— Apartments; 2 elegantly furnished
rooms with immense closets and connected by
fine lavatory; separate library or reception
, room: new; quiet. ■, • ...
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let.
FIFTH. . Large furnished room;, private
family. - .
FGLSOM, 820, near Fourth— sl week and up;
nice, : clean, sunny single and double rooms.
GEARY,' Elegant 'suite parlors, hot and
cold water, piano; other rooms; light house-
keeping.
GEARY, 622— Lovely sunny bay-window room;
hot and cold water; also nice single room.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms, suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GIRARD House, cor. Howard and 7th— Nice
sunny rms. ; also housekpg; very reasonable.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard oars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 627— Nicely furnished
front room; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 717— Large, nicely fur-
nished room; gas and bath; $10; private.
GOLDEN GATE AYE., 727— Finely furnished
sunny front room; private family; reasonable.
GULDEN . GATE aye., ' 336— Nicely - furnished
front sunny rooms, en suite or single.
GQ.UGH, 410 — Handsome front room ; " private
family; for refined person; references.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
— Pleasant sunny ' rooms, • en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GREEN 716— Furnished,- light r rooms ' with
bath, $5 per. month. .■ - . ■,-. ;
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON. 784%. near- Fourth— fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
quiet home; $1 week.
HAVES, 366— Sunny front room; bath; for 1
or 2 gentlemen; $150 week. - ■ .. ;
HOWARD, • 660— Sunny furnished front' rooms
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; reasonable.
HYDE, — 4 ■ large unfurnished rooms and
yard •In rear,' on ■ Larkin St., between Eddy
and Ellis; rent reasonable. ■ .--
HYDE, ; 1106 (Hotel - Victoria) — Unfurnished
\; sunny corner suites; running water, bath and i
;„ gas; first class every respect; terms reasnble.
JESSIE, 355, near Fifth— furnished rooms ]
for two gents; reasonable; in private famuy.
JONES, 114—2 rooms-, cozy sunny front; fur-
1 nished; clean; half of cottage.
JONES, — Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms; reasonable; gas; water;. bath; central.
LARKIN, 327, cor. Golden — Nice - sunny
room, $7;; also housekeeping: suite; gas stove.
LARKIN, ■ Small bedroom, suitable for a
gentleman; private family; rent $6: -
McALLISTER, " 611— Nice sunny rooms; bath;
gas; hot and cold water; fine location.
McALLISTER. 220%— Nicely furnished single
and double rms.; reasonable; opp. City Hall.
McALLISTER. 638, near Van Ness— Elegant
newly furnished rooms; single or en suite;
private. • " ' ' ••'■':"•'•'".■.. ; '..■■' ■■. ■ ■
MINNA, 28— Furnished rooms to let; 76c a week
,■ and upward. . •• :. . .: ; - .' . '■: ,
MINNA, 434— Single sunny furnished front
room, $4. . ,'■•'■ : ,:.-'' "-'.■." " : ':' ■" ■ '.
MINNA, 667, ' corner ■ Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window ■ room; $1 per week. .
NATOMA, , 112— 8unny furnished rooms; single
and suite; suitable light housekeeping. -yj^v..?
NINTH, 206%— Double parlors, '. bay-window ;
; ladles preferred: $11 month. ■. . _■, .. : ' -■ -
OAK, 22— Nice >■ sunny room In ' private home;
bath • and ' gas ;; very : reasonable. ;-.
; O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
: vator, . electric lights. ; day, week : or; month. „
POLK, 221%, near ; City ; Hall— Neatly • furnish^
: ; ed • double room, $6; <■ single, $5. t • - '
POST, 1011— Furnished -. sunny '• front ;: alcove
room; ; also . single » rooms ; : . gas ; ■< bath; ; refs.
POWELL, : 317, i formerly Cosmos Elegant-
ly furnished rooms ; reasonable. :
I
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
POWELL, 903%— Double room in private fam-
ily; suitable for lady and gentleman.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished. ,
STEVENSON, £64— Large sunny front room
nicely furnished cheap to right party.
STOCKTON, 242— First-class sunny front rooms
; suite, single; facing plaza; day or month.
STOCKTON, 419— Bay-window front room, $10;
other rooms.
SUTTER, 1111— Nice front suites. $12 month;
single rooms, $5; very desirable neighborhood.
TAYLOR, 10S— Nice sunny front suite; running
water; bath; gas; light housekeeping; rent
cheap. -■ . ' ' " " " • -. '
TENTH, 148— Large bay-window rooms; also
others; reasonable; private. '
TURK, 19, and 1122 ■ Market— Furnished rooms,
suites; also single rooms; reasonable.
j TURK, : 126— Nicely furnished room suitable, for
gentleman; $5 per month; private and quiet.
TURK, 127 — Large front sunny room fox an
office;' also housekeeping.
TURK, Furnished sunny rooms; front par-
lor; gas and bath; reasonable. *
TURK, 639— Nicely furnished single and dou-
ble rooms; $6 month up; 'housekeeping privi-
leges.
VAN NESS aye., 930— Sunny rooms; newly
furnished ; modern ; board If desired ; refs.
VAN NESS, 936— Bedroom, new, hot and cold, gas,
bath, $10; sunny unfurnished parlors & rooms.
WEBSTER, 1428, between Geary and O'Farrell
—Unfurnished sunny double parlors. .
ROOMS AND BOARD.
FIRST-CLASS board, home cooking, $20 month;
special rates for gents; references. 522 Bush.'
FOLSOM, 511— Swedish private bearding, with
! room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
i FURNISHED rooms with board; $4 25 a week.
447 Bartlett st. ,
HYDE, 408— Sunny single room, with board;
$1S; private family.
HYDE, 1105(Hotel Victoria)— sunny rooms;
bath, gns, telephone; with breakfast, $10 mo.
NICE sunny furnished rooms, suitable for two,
with board, $20 month, In respectable family.
618 Flllmore st. • ,
NICELY furnished room and board; home com-
forts. 1580 Folsom st.
PINE, 910 — Sunny rooms; home cooking: baths
and; running water; fine location; terms very
reasonable. "
SOUTH PARK. .159— Good table board. $3 p«r
week: with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. suites, with board for I, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
THE HEATH. 312 Eddy— Select family board-
ing house; first-class all appointments; hot .
■ water every room; home cooking; terms mod.
VALENCIA, 1070— The Irving will be opened
the Ist of August as a first-class family ,
boarding-house, with bright, sunny rooms; .
furnished or unfurnished; with large grounds;
In warm belt of Mission: reasonable terms, f
VAN NESS aye., 808— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished: with board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
' w i- i--.-u^nro-x J -i J .- -v- .|.x.i-i.-^ JVt y* J^^r_^..-.^.
LADY having nice home wishes 1 or 2 children
to board; large yard; object company. 459
Minna St., near Sixth. ■_
CHILD to board; good care; in private family:
terms moderate. Address Box 365, Los Gates,
Cal. Boarders wanted.
LADY with a fine home, beautiful lawn, 771
Fifth st., Oakla/id, would like infant or child
to board.
—
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; good '
home and care; near school. 51 Clara st.
CHILD to board: good home; best care; terms
tin. 1034 McAllister St.
STORES TO LET.
A MONTH free; stores from $12 up; 100 vacan-
cies; at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market.
BUTCHER shop, with 4 living rooms; good
location. Apply UMBSEN & CO., 14 Mont- *
gomery st. , ■
CITY Hall square, 17— Large light store; $50.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
MISSION. 559, bet. Fourth and Fifth— Store and
living rooms. • .
NORTHEAST cor. Pacific and Sansome sts.—
Large corner store; cheap to good parties.
TURK, 422, near Larkin— $16. ASHTON
& GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
$11— STORE, fixtures. 3 sunny living rooms;
kitchen adjoining. 1008 Natoma St.. near 11th.
OFFICES TO LET.
THIRD, 13 — rooms suitable for offices; rent
reduced. ."*■ :
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market St.—
Light cheerful offices, $15 to $20. BSE3 I *?
1 • •
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union building-
Elegant offices for rent. .
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Charles Bruening and Maggie Young 34-34
Sydney F. Bowman and Alice Robinson 21-22 -
William P. Terry and Kate V. Harris 22-19
F. W. Weinberg and Pauline L. Schulz 29-21 .
David M. Moses and Jeanne Franklin 23-23
Peter C. Peterson and Caroline Mikklesen..2S-24
Robert D. McClain and Adele Tralnor 38-30
George L. Morgan and Lillian E. 8r0wn.. 25-27
George Chelm and Theresa Lecker '...38-23
~~BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. \
Birth, marriage and death rotices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices .
and be Indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. Up
CRONIN— In this city. July 28. IS9S. to th« "•
wife of Dennis Cronin, a son.
CROWLEY— To the wife of T. Crowley, a - son.
EVANS— In this city, July 24, 1898, to the wife .
of Thomas Evans, a son.
FREILING— In this city, July 28. 1898. to th« -
wife of Rufus T. Freiling, a daughter.
GALE— 28, 1898, to the wife of J. M. Gale,
a daughter.
GARBARINO— In this city, July 27, 189S, to th»
wife of John Garbarino, a son.
HARTJE— In this city, July 22, 1898, to th«
wife of F. Hartje, a son. . % '
HARRIS— In East Oakland. July 29. 1898, to the
wife of George R. Harris, a daughter.
KING— this city, July 25, 1898, to the wif»
of Thomas King, a daughter.
MEADS— Oakland, July 22, 189S, to the wlf» :
of N. L. Meads, a daughter.
MURCHISON— In this city, July 26, 1898, to th« .
wife of Captain P. S. Murchison, a son.
ROBERTS— In this city, July 22, 1898. to th«
wife of Thomas Roberts, a son...
RAE— In this city, July 25. 18S8, to the wife of
J. A. Rae, a daughter. ,
THOMPSON— In this city, July 21. 189 S. to the
wife of F. J. Thompson, a daughter. .
YON DER MEHDEN— JuIy 29, 1898, to the
wife of C. yon der Mehden. a son.
i ■■
. , MARRIED. •
McGEE— FLYNN— In this city, July 20, 1898, at
St. Mary's Cathedral, by the • Very Rev. J.
J. Prendergast. P. H. McGee and Nellie T.
Flynn, both of San Francisco.
MACDONALD— JuIy 17, 1898, by th» ; •
Rev. Father O'Mahoney, John 3. Macdonald
and Louise F. Cahill, both of San Francisco.
SONTAGG— KENNY— In this city. July 20, 1898.
■ by the Rev. - Father McDonnell, - Paul H.
Sonntag and Elizabeth V. Kenny, both of
: San Francisco.
SCANLON— WHITNEY— At the Roman Catho-
lic Cathedral, Honolulu, H. 1., July 19. 1898.
by the Bishop of Panopolis, assisted by the
Rev. Father Valentin, 11. J. Scalon and Ger-
trude Whitney, youngest daughter of Captain
Benjamin Whitney.- - '
_____ Mm ~~;
Bladt, C. P. Hundt, Fritz '."
Box, Agnes G. :"-" . Labohm, Mrs. Ann*
Cameron, Wesley L. Llddle, George K.
Colter,. Florence H. Long, John.D.. ,
Corman, Edward P. McClelland. James
Desmond.' John F. Moore, Albert E.
Drum, Madeleine A. Murphy, ■ Grace M. , •■
Dunham. - Henry Oliver, Millie .- .
Evans, Homer W. Peterson, Charles ;
Fisher, Dr. Charles Schlegel, Annie M.
Flood. John J. Stopper, . Frederick >
Harris, . May - Wilson, Joseph I* : "
Hess. Benjamin L.
BLADT— In San Lorenzo, July X, 1898, C. : P.,
husband of Helena Kathrine Bladt, and unclo
of Mrs. J. A. Sorensen and Ellen, . Willie, •
Peter and Christian Hansen, a native of .
Als. North Schleswlg, aged 37 years 7 months •
and 3 days. "- . :
Friends and ; acquaintances are respect-
" fully invited to attend the funeral 5 this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late residence
In San Leandro. .
BOX— In this city, July 29, 1598,' Agnes Ger-
■ trade Box (formerly Gertie Reed), •■ wife of -
James Box,' and daughter of James and Mary
Reed of Oakland, a native of Oakland, aged
24 years. ■•- • m^S3gBBWUEG93iiQ^gSg
CAMERON— In this city, July 29, 1898, Wesley '
Leigh, youngest son of William H. and Hat-
tie E. Cameron, a native of San Francisco, . '
aged 1 years 10 months and 27 days. ••
E2T The funeral services will • take r place
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the resi- ;
dence, - 312 ■ Second - avenue, : near Clement ?
street, . Richmond. : Interment private. '-- ,
COLTER— In this . city, July 29, 1888, Florence .
Helen, dearly beloved and only ■■ daughter of
Edward J. ' and Florence A. Colter, :a ! native •
of San Francisco, -aged 3 years* 9 months and ••
; 6 days. -.* - ■..■■■■.■ ■ ■■.-. .; .■ \ ■■.■.■■.;_;..,-.-.•
■"• IC^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
1314
: •• ' fully invited to attend the funeral services
" • this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the family
.*■ ■ residence, 2316 Pine street. Interment pn-
'•' ■' . v'ate.
• CORMAN-In this city, July 28. IS9S. Edward
.' • • pierce, husband of Elizabeth A. Corman
;. (nee Magulre). a native of Dayton, Ohio.
' •• ' ■ (ETFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sunday),
at 12 o'clock, at the rooms of N. Gray & Co..
• . S4l Sacramento street. Interment Mountain
.' ■"• !. View Cemetery, Oakland.
• ' DESMOND— In this city. July 23, IS9B. John
'. - ' F.. beloved son of Daniel and Sarah Dcs-
• ' . . mond. and brother of Patrick ■ and Joseph
Desmond and Mrs. William Bourne, a native
;'•' of Boston, Mass.. aged 34 years 9 months and
" '" . 27 days.
■ .C^yFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 455 Clementina street, thence
-' ' to St. Patrick's Church for services. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
• DRUM— In Alameda, July 29, 1898; Madeleine
Abbey -wife of John S. Drum, and daughter
of Winifred E. and the late John H. Ros-
• eeter, a native of . San Francisco, aged 26
"• »' years 1 mouth and 3 days.
• • ICyFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
: tend the requiem mass at St. Joseph a
"- " Church. Alameda, to-morrow (Monday), at 10
o'clock. ' Interment private. Flease omit
: .' flowers;
. • DUNHAM— In the City and County Hospital.
. • July SO. 1898, Henry Dunham, a native- of
New- Jersey, aged 54 years.
' EVANS— In Santa Cruz, July 30. IS9S. Homer
.'■ -W.. only son of Homer L. and Ida B. Evans,
• a native of Oakland, aged 14 years 3 months
'-. a!nd 15 days.
.- 'FISHER- -In Oakland, July 29, 1898, Dr. Charles
•". • M. Fisher, a native of Pennsylvania, aged
34 years 11 months and 9 days.
. [lly Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• - - fully Invited to attend the runeral this day
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from Masonic Ter-
n- pie, corner Twelfth and Washington streets,
■• . Oakland, urider the auspices of Live Oak
• . ' Lodge No. ("!. F. and A. M. Remains will be
taken to Berlin. Pa., for Interment.
'.- n.t >or>>-In this city. July 30, 1898, John Jo-
• . Wfih, dearly beloved son of James and Kate
''. "• Flood, and brother of Cornelius and Mamie
Flood and Mrs. Jan McEvoy, a native of
'. '. . San. Francisco, aged . 26 years 1 month and 23
'■"• ■ .days, '
— r ■ ' £7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
.(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
'..'. .' 'Of his parents, & Verona street, thence to St.
.- ■- Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
-.- .high 'muss will be celebrated for the repose
'■"of - sonl at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
'. 'Calvary Cemetery.
•'. HARRIS— In Ea,st Oakland. July SO, 1898, May,
Infant. daughter of George R. and May Har-
. ris, a native of Oakland, Cal.. aged - days.
■ •'• HESS— In the City and County Hospital, July
.-•• -SO. ISC'S, Benjamin' Limner Hess, a native of
'-. .-Pennsylvania, aged 44 years.
': . JIV'NDT— In .this city, July 29, 1888, Fritz, be-
■ .' . . loved' husband. of Mary Hundt, and father of
v • Frf •l.ile Hundt, a native of Germany, aged
'. • '■ 57 years. . • •
•; . LABOHM— In • this city, July 29, 1888, Mrs.
Anna Martha Labohm, beloved mother of
■•"■■ " William J. Labohm, Mrs. Thomas H. Cor-
..- •' bin a-nd Mrs.. William Gohl, and ;.!>'..-r of Mrs.
:'-. .•■•■.Louise Helmuth, a native of Hesse-Cassel,
.. : -. .Germany, aged .'.^ years. (St. Louis, Mo., pa-
pers- please copy.')
••• 'ET Friend's and acquaintances and members
.. ■ • of Martha Lodce, K. and L. of H., are
••• : respectfully invited to attend the funeral
■'•- .' this day (Sunday), at - o'clock, from her
: ' • late . residence. 1011 Mission street, between
, •' -Sixth and Seventh. Interment Odd Fellows'
;. ' Cemetery.' ■'
.'.'.. .1.18D1J3— In Vlsalla, July 29, IK9S. George X..
beloved son o.f the late James and Otle Lid-
„■'".--,■ die, and grandson of Robert and Clara Lld-
.'•■..-. die-; aged 10 years and ■', months.
... .'LONG— In .this "city, July 30. IS9S, John D.,
.':-■ ..beloved husband' of Miry Long, father of
:•-. .James H. Long, son of Catherine Long, and
■ ' ' brother of J. H. G. H.. W. P., Ella and
': '., Mary 'Lang and E. J. Hartley, a native of
;'. " Ban Francisco, aged 36 years and 6 months.
• -.- ' " CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully. lnvited to attend the funeral to-morrow
P "(Monday), -at 9:13 o'clock, from the parlors
: of C-irew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue,
'.- thence to St. Mary's (Paulists) Church, cor-
• ' • ncr California and Dupont streets, where a
■•".:: solemn requiem mass will he celebrated for
■' .'• the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
; . JfcCL.ELL.AND— In East Oakland. July 30. 1898,
' '• • James, beloved husband of Nellie McClelland.
• ■ a native of Philadelphia, aged 42 years 6
months and 15 days.
■ . MOORE— In this city, July 29, 1898, Albert Ed-
•ward. beloved husband of Margaret Moore,
' ■ father of Albert Edward Moore Jr..
son of Robert Moore, and brother of Mrs.
' . D. P. Hughes. Robert. S. Moore, Mrs. Mary
. Parry and Mrs. Captain Thomas, a native
of Carnarvon, North Wales, aged 3S years 11
months and. 4 days.
CTFuneral private, from the residence of
his rather.' 215 Capp street, this day (Sunday).
at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city, July 30. 1898. Grace M..
■_■ ' • -beloved daughter of George and Kittle Mur-
phy.- a native of San • Francisco, aged 1
•month and 21 days.
■ OLIVER— Tn the City and County Hospital.
. ■ July 30, 1898, Millie Oliver, a native of Cali-
." ■ (' fornia, sired 27 years.
PETERSON- In the City and County Hospital,
." . July 29, 1898, Charles Peterson, a native of
• : : . £■.<■•■ den", ased ."". years.
"'". BCHLEGEL— In West Berkeley, July 28. ISSB.
.. . Annie. M.,- youngest and beloved daughter of
'• ' .Marie M. and the la*'- Joseph Schlegel, and
sister of Joseph, Frank. Katie and Mary
•. - Echlegpl;- a native of San Francisco, aged
'.. .. - 9 months.
'.''-. STOPPER— In this ty. July 30, 1898, Fred-
• . • crick, dearly 'beloved son of Frank and Katie
;.- Stopper, and brother of .Elsie. Edward. Ar-
thur and Albert Stopper, a native of Port-
land. Or.', aged 5 years and 11 months.
' ' WILSON— In this city. July 28, 1898, Joseph
. ;' ■ Lewis, beloved husband of Caroline Wilson,
'••■ end father of J. N. E. Wilson, a native of
Cincinnati, .Ohio, aged 73 years 9 months and
E '-ays. ♦
;:. JT_2'Fripn.ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral th : ? day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the B'nal IJ'rith
Hall. 121 Eddy street, under the auspices of
Pacific Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery-
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. I
FUNERAi DIRKCTOKS £ EMBALM EBJ I
it tITTR ST.. Opp. Line»l3 Sihttl. E
• . ' . Telephone. South 80. 1
JAB. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALAIER3*
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Ness aye., near Market et.'. San
Francisco. Telephone So. US.
. Estab. 1888 TeL South O.
CRAIG &COCH RAN CO.
•'■ Funeral Directors and Embalmere,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants, Eipaclous chapel for th« us*
of our patrons. Rubbttr tires on our ambulance
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, July 50
Frhr Alcalde. Weitkun?t. 7 days from Ev
erett.
SAILED.
Saturday, July 30.
Stmr Huf-npme, Johnson. Portland.
fi-hr Barbara Hernsu>r, Jensen, Coquille
Blever.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
MSW YORK-Sail^d July 30-Simr La Qa»
coftnp. for Havre; stmr Werkrri'lam. fnr Rot
terdam; Ftmr Ohio, fur Hull; stmr Auranla, for
Liverpool; utmr Phoenicia, for Hamburg;.
QUERNSTOWN— Arrived July 30— Stmr Um
brla. from Now York.
H A VRE— Sailed July 30— Stmr La Bretagne,
for N ■ w York.
CHERBOURG -Sailed Ju!y 29-Stmr Augusta
Victoria, fnr New York.
ANTWERP— SaiIed July 80— Stmr Kensing
ton, for New York.
BOSTON— Arrived July 30— Stir.r Catalonia,
from Llvprj>.; 1
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived July SO-Stmr
Js'oordland,- from Ni»w York.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS CLTJB.
Republicans of the Forty-First Meet
and Elect Officers.
Republicans of the Forty-first Assembly
District are rapidly organizing their forces
. tor- the coming campaign. An enthusias
tic mooting of the Presidio Heights Re
■ publican Club, the representative organ
ization of that district, was held last Fri -
Aay niKht in the club's hall, 3206 Califor
nia street, iic-ir Central avenue. The
meeting was called to order by George Ft.
Sanderson, president, who addressed the
club on issues pertinent to the campaign.
At the conclusion of his remarks nomina
tions for officers were declared In order.
Frank Powers was nominated for pres-
SWent. A motion made and seconded closed
the nominations and he was elected by
acclamation. In the same way P. J. Man
ning was elected secretary; S. V. Leach,
first vice president; Colonel A. W. Cutler,
second vice president, and Oscar Lewis,
third vice president.
Frank Powers, the newly elected presi
dent, delivered a rousing spewh which
Inu heartily applauded. Speeches were
also delivered by Colonel Firebaugh, Os
car Lewis and J. C Dennis of the Afro-
American League. The speeches conclud
ed, the following were appointed by the
president to constitute an executive com
mittee: Jules Voislnet. E. E. Gibson, Ir
vine Graham, Thomas Egan, William
Simpson and Oscar Lewis.
On motion of Mr. Voislnet the president
anrl secretary were declared ex-officio
members of the executive-committee. The
meMlng thon adjourned to await the call
of the chair.
Ladles' tailor-made cults; latest designs; we
Civ* credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter. r. iA 1.
POLICE OFFICERS IN A BRAWL
A. B. ThomDSon and P. C, Peters Fight Uver
Dice and One Accuses the Other
of Rohhing Him.
A DICE game with drinks between each shake brought about a dis
graceful fight between Pollca Officers A. B. Thompson and Prince
C. Peters In B. F. Jellison's saloon at the corner of Kearny and Cal
ifornia streets early yesterday morning. As a result of the trouble be
tween the two men Thompson claims that Peters robbed him of $70 and
the matter -will undoubtedly be brought before the Police Commission
ers.
Both of the officers reported off duty Thursday evening to go on their
twelve days' vacation. Thompson was downtown Friday evening to pur
chase some articles and met Peters on Market street and asked him to
have a drink. At the suggestion of the latter the two went to Jellison's
saloon, where they became engaged In a dice game. Both men had been
drinking rather freely for about three hours, and during the game a dis
pute arose over the wager on one of the shakes and both grabbed for the
money. A quarrel followed, which soon ended in blows.
Tho only witness to the fight was the night barkeeper, Frank Baker,
and as he refused to give any information the participants themselves
are the only ones who could give any light on the cause of the trouble.
Thompson, whose right eye is in mourning, in telling his version of the
affair, said nothing about the game of dice lie explained that he met Pe
ters and went with him to the saloon where the fight occurred, and
after drinking lor several hours he made the remark to his brother of
ficer that he would leave Saturday for his father's ranch, up country.
Pulling six five-dollar and two twenty-dollar gold pieces out of his pock
et he remarked that he thought the sum would be enough to run him
during his vacation. Peters, he claims, snatched the gold from his hand
and placed it in his own pocket. At first he thought Peters was joking,
but when the money was not returned on request he came to the con
clusion that tho joke had gone a trifle too far. In the fight which fol
lowed Thompson got Peters on the floor and had considerably the beat of
the game. The under man begged to be let up and promised to return the
money. Thompson allowed him to rise to his feet and received a nasty
punch In the right eye.. Peters then ran out of the saloon with the
money still in his possession.
Friends of Officer Peters say that Thompson is a "hard loser," and
that the entire affair was nothing but a dispute over the ownership of
the pot. Both claimed it and Peters managed to get possession of the
money. It Is believed by Peters' friends that Thompson lost his money
and is now trying to get even by accusing Peters of robbing him.
Thompson drew his month's salary yesterday morning and left for
his visit with his father. He made no charges before leaving, but says
that he will report the case to the Police Commissioners. Sergeant Mar
tin knows of the fight and the claim of Thompson that he was robbed
and it will probably fall upon him to make an investigation of the case.
RED CROSS SOCIETY
TAKES A FIRM STAND
IT WILL IGNORE COMPLAINTS
IN FUTURE.
Sympathetic People Who Report
Lack of Attention to the Sick
to Be Referred Else
where.
Alleged sympathetic people who sup
posedly have the interests of the boys in
blue at heart have caused no end of an
noyance and trouble to tTie hospital vis
iting committee of the Red Cross Society
by repeatedly reporting instances of latk
of attention shown the soldic-rs by their
own surgeons and nurses. Believing some
foundation to exist for the continued
complaints, the ladies composing the
committee have devoted time and labor
in investigating, with the result that no
truth in the stories can be found.
These continued reports have led Mrs.
John F. Merrill, president of the local so
ciety, to write a personal letter to the
commanders of the various regiments sta
tioned in this city, in which she says:
"In view pf the many exaggerated re
ports brought to our society and pub
lished in the newspapers in regard to the
Inattention of the officers and medical
men to sick soldiers in camp, it has au
thorized the publication of a letter in the
daily papers to the effect that the society
will in future pay no attention to indi
vidual criticisms and will simply refer
persons bringing such reports to the
commanding officers of the regiment. Our
visiting committee will hereafter visit the
regiment ;il bos) itai every other day, but
wili furnish requisition papers, which. In
case of emerge by, if mailed to 16 Post
street will be honored. Kindly report
this to surgeon in charge of regimental
hospital."
The Red Cross Society of San
Francisco cannot be responsible
for the criticisms of the camps
which are brought to the offices
by individual visitors day by
day of alleged inattention on
the part of officers and physi
cians toward the men in vari
ous regiments. Many reports
in regard to the suffering of
men have been investigated at
great inconvenience and disad
vantage to the society. Our
committee has frequently found
those reported ill and dying re
ceiving excellent hospital care
or attending to their own busi
ness downtown. We refuse
from this date to pay any at
tention to such exaggerated re
ports, preferring to refer such
information to the commanding
officers of the regiment criti
cized.
MRS. JOHN MERRILL,
President San Francisco Red
Cross.
Donations were received at 16 Post
street by the San Francisco Red Cross
from friends, Miss J. R. Loosey, Miss
Berry, Miss Rathburn. Miss Weber and
ladies Bradbury Hotel.
James A. Graham of the Engineer
Corps has been working very hard stitch
ing stripes on the trousers for his com
pany, and is a regular worker at 16 Post
8 Lieutenant Ritchie, Thirteenth Mm
Lieutenant Ritchie, Thirteenth Min
nesota, writes that all his men are in Rood
condition and that the Red Cross flag files
from, the upper deck where the dispen
sary room is, and that the goods fur
nished by the Red Cross saved a great
deal of suffering and helped the sick ones
to recovery.
As usual, Flxty-eight dozen eggs were
sent to the different hospitals, in camp.
Donations of postals were received from
Miss L. Allyne. Allen Bowie. Dr. E. L.
Breyfogle. Miss Hyde, Mrs. H. Campbell,
Red" Cross postal box. Miss Tlckner, Miss
Eckart, Mr. Hynes. Mr. Remrick, Mrs
W. R. Eckart, Red Cross Society, and
friend Total amount distributed, $24,000;
250 letters stamped and seven gross pen
cils - '
C Nevada. Newcastle and -Kelseyville
each sent $25 to the State Association to
be devoted to a field hospital. feVifi
Donations were received at the State
rooms from Kelseyville, Nevada City,
West Berkeley, large donation from San
Jose, and St. Helena. , _
The cutters were busily - engaged at 16
Post street ■ yesterday, getting ready for
the workers on Monday, when all depart
ments will be running again. . .
Dr. C. Weil addressed the Red Cross
nurses at 410 Ellis street on the use of tho
best disinfectants— when and how to > use
them. He also dressed a broken arm and
a collarbone before the class, as. a practi
cal lesson in emergency work.
The ladles of the hospitality committee
have : followed the example of the. soldier
boys and adopted a mascot. It is a little
black kitten that strayed in. and which
Is especially : fond of cuddling up ;■ among
the ' books on the writing ;. table, where
it ' lies unmolested by 'the . soldiers,-, who
gather all day long about the table to
read and rest. :
Hazel Carrie Green, a little girl living at
1620 Geary street, gave a fair, and brought
in the receipts yesterday morning,
amounting, to $2 05. The: children.: have
been the society's most active support
ers, and work very, hard to help it. and
the boys in blue. ■ ■ : ' ':■■'■/■'«
Mrs. S.Sirgel, vice president of the Salt
Lake Red Cross Society, visited the State
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1898.
headquarters yesterday, and was shown
how the California branch transacts its
business. Mrs. Sirgel reported that it was '
the intention of Salt L,ake people to es- I
tablish a State organization. That city
baa already done good work in entertain
ing and supplying the troops that passed :
through their State. Identification mcd- !
als were also furnished Torrey's Rough
Riders.
A pathetic letter was received by the !
State society from an 18-year-old Call- !
fornia boy, who is now with the Fourth !
United States Cavalry, guarding Yellow- I
stone Park. He writes: "I am a Call- .
fornia boy. enlisted in the Fourth United j
States Cavairy, and I am unfortunate to j
be stationed here during the war. Inas- !
much as you are supplying the boys of
the United States army with the little ne- i
eesslties of camp life, such as pins, nee
dles, thread, etc.. in book form. I ask j
that you kindly consider my application
for one as well, as we are stationed in the i
mountains, and such necessities we can- i
not buy at the post.
"I would be pleased to hear from the j
ladles who attend to my wants, so that I
will be able to correspond with them this
coming winter, as one gets very lonesome
and time hangs heavily on our hands.
I would request my mother to fix me out I
If it were possible, but I am sorry
lo say it Is otherwise; in short, she died;
that is the reason for my enlistment. 1 i
am Just IS. and know none of the boys |
here, they being from the Eastern States. !
If you would please answer this little re- j
Quest you can be assured that it will be
appreciated."
The ladles in the State department have
written him and will continue doing so.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS,
Waldemar Bry of Berlin Is at the Pal
ace.
Amos Burr has gone to Monterey for a
few days.
Dr. V. B. Warson of Guernevlllo is at
the Grand.
Thomas P. Smith of Washington. D. C.
is at the Occidental.
James Atherton, a merchant of Placer
ville, is at the Russ.
H. C. Nash, the librarian of Stanford
is at the California.
Carleton C. Crane has gone to Marln
County for an outing.
W. W. Douglas, Assistant State Con
troller, is at the Orand.
William Wright, a mining man from
New York, is at the Grand.
R. A. •F. Penrose and John Brockman
of Arizona are at the Palace.
B. M. Le..>ng, secretary of the State
Board of Horticulture, is at the Grand.
J. B. Lipptncott of the United States
I Geological Survey is at the Occidental^
| Joseph Fitch, the well-known orchard
j Ist of Santa Rosa, and family are at the
Rubs.
J. W. Hughes Judge of tne Superior
Court of San Diego County, Is at the
Palace.
G. S. Wnterlow, J. B. Waterlow and Dr.
Marcus Johnson of H. M. S. Renown are
at the Palace.
Mrs. M. Miller. Mrs. H. B. Porter and
Miss Emily Miller of New Orleans arrived
yesterday, and are at the Occidental.
Dr. Harold Gordon Gross and wife are
visiting this city on their bridal tour. Mrs.
Gross is a daughter of Richard S\v.?a
sey, the well known ship owner of Eureka.
Ex-Senator F. McGowan of the law firm
of Squires & McGowan. Mills building, re
turned yesterday after an extended pro
fessional trip to the northern portion of
tlio State.
J. C. Kirkpatrick, the manager of the
Palace Hotel, met with a panful acci
dent yesterday while driving in the park.
A rock was thrown by the horse in its
rapid movement and Btruck Mr. Kirk
patrick in the eye.
Horseshoeing Tournament.
The first horseshoeing tournament ever
Riven in this country will commence at
Central Park this afternoon at 2 o'clock.
Judging from the men entered for the
first heats it is evident that it will be a
star contest. Among the men entered for
the tournament are such well known
horseshoers as James O'Rourke, H. Ger
lach, Thomas Tierney and Frank
O'Rourke. Each will have two helpers.
Individually and collectively they are a
hustling, energetic lot of men and among
the best the State produces. Each is de
termined to win first prize and add to his
laurels the championship of the world
Considerable public interest Is aroused"
and no doubt there will be a large attend
ance, with plenty of rooting for .each one's
favorite. Thomas Carroll, superintend
ent of the Mechanics' Athletic Union U
P A., will act as referee, and A. F. Wood
side, John O'Rourke and Thomas Doyle
as Judges. C. S. Crittenden. proprietor of
the Occident stables on Geary street has
been chosen as stakeholder and the purse
deposited with him.
War Revenue Taxe3.
As was told exclusively in The Call re
cently, many proprietors of 25-cent
French restaurants have either charged
5 cents extra for cognac and kirsch water
or discontinued their use altogether on
account of the special revenue tax. Owing
to the falling off of their customers, due
perhaps, to the failure to provide these
liquors, they have again decided to place
thorn on their tables. Yesterday was the
last day on which those required to pay
special war revenue taxes might procure
their certificates, and the office of the
Collector of Internal Revenue was
crowded until long after the usual hour of
closing.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. NoonaA. 1017-1023 Mission,
DECEPTION IS
RECOMMENDED
Wells- Fargo's Disloyal
Request of The Call.
TO EVADE PAYING THE TAX
SUGGESTION THAT ALL COPIES
BE PLACED IN ONH EUNDLfc.
This Paper Will Compel the Express
Company to Do Its Duty
at All Haz
ards.
Wells, Fargo & Co. Is going through
a series of distressful contortions
in its unpatriotic efforts to evade
payment of the war tax. After having
Insisted that Its patrons shall pay the
tax when the law says that the cor
poration must pay it, it is now prepar
ing a soft place upon wnlch to fall
when the courts shall force this recal
citrant company to do its duty and
obey the law. Yesterday the company
sent an official around to The Call busi
ness office with the following notice:
Commencing August 1 Wells, Fargo &
Co. will issue a receipt for each bundle
or package or newspapers delivered to
them for transportation, and to each a
receipt a one-cent "I. R." stamp will be
attached and canceled, for which the
shipper must pay. Any number of bundles
or packages, regardless of their size or
destination, may be made into one gen
eral bundle, for which only a single re
ceipt and stamp will be required.
To avoid delay at time of shipping,
Wells, Fargo & Co. propose to count the
bundles when received by them and from
the tally to make out the receipts at their
earliest convenience, and at the end of
each week to deliver same to the ship
pers and collect for stamps.
Provided, that but one bill of lading
shall be required on bundles or packages
for newspapers when inclosed in one gen
eral bundle at the time of shipment.
In other words, the company wishes
The Call to assist it in defrauding the
Government out of its dues by sending
The Call's whole edition in a bundle as
big as a house and to accept from the
company one bill of lading for the
whole with a 1-cent stamp — even this
cent to be paid by the newspaper.
When Manager Doyle was asked for
an explanation of this proposition he
replied that the wording of the proviso
relating to newspapers admitted of this
interpretation, and that newspaper
bundles designed to be sent to Alaska,
Mexico, Los Angeles, Siskiyou and Sac
ramento could be covered with a big
sheet of tarpaulin and tied around with
a rope. This would make one bundle,
he ingeniously explained, and there
would be only 1 cent to pay, don't you
see?
The Call will not enter Into such a
dishonorable arrangement or conspir
acy with the express company to de
fraud the Government of a war tax
which should be paid honestly, cheer
fully and not be evaded. It proposes
to mail its copies for San Diego in one
bundle and its mail for Fresno in an
other, and so on, with the bundles de
signed for every town wherever the
paper may go, and to demand a bill of
•lading upon each and every one of the
packages, as i« provided by the law. It
proposes also to make the express com
pany pay the tax, for that is what the
law says and what the courts have de
cided that it says and means. If it
should happen that the shipper must
pay it The Call will produce the money
and the stamps willingly and cheer
fully. Because Wells, Fargo & Co.
desire to shirk i .sponsibility The Call
does not propose to be placed in the
same category.
This is the stand The Call has taken
from the first, and it will adhere to it
to the last. What we said editorially
on May 21 of this year we repeat to
day. Here is the article in full:
PROPOSED TAX ON NEWSPAPERS.
THE CALL'S REPLT TO A REQUEST
WHICH WAS NOT DICTATED
BY PATRIOTISM.
The following self-explanatory dispatch
was received l.y The Call last night:
CHICAGO. May 20.— T0 Newspaper Pub
lishers: The war tax bill now pending
in the Senate contains a provision putting
a tax 'of 1 cent on every package forward
ed by express, including bundles of news
papers. If prompt action is taken by
newspaper publishers telegraphing Sena
tors ft will be practicable to secure an ex
emption of newspaper packages, or at
least of all packages containing less than
100 copies. It is suggested that publish
er.- takf the matter up promptly and en
ergetically. CHARLES W. KNAPP,
President American Newspaper Publish
ing Association.
Compliments to Mr. Knapp, and what
sort of an American paper does he
suppose The Call to be? While there
was a prospect of war the papers did
much to promote It. Now for them to
endeavor to sneak out of paying a
share of the expense would be cowardly
and unpatriotic. They are engaged in
print'ng the news of the war and in
Belling the accounts to the public. They
are even assuming the right to direct
the Government. Vet. here is more
than an Intimation that the publishers
of newspapers are so detestably nel
fish, so' lacking In the elements of good
citizenship and honor that they would
evade a responsibility when the evasion
would savor of treason. When the
country is sending its men to battle,
■when every nerve is strained to provide
the means of equipment, when the
plain duty of every man Is to do his
part willingly and the natural impulse
Is to do it eagerly, the supposition that
publishers of daily papers are a class
apart, a set of thrifty vampires draw-
Ing substance from a country they are
too mean to defend and too low to live
In, comes with a shock. If Mr. Knapp
thinks he is dealing with a lot of
knaves, to undeceive him Is a pleasure.
He is dealing with men, and men who
are proud to be Americans. Any citi
zen who is capable now of acting as
Knapp is counseling could do the coun
try no better service than to leave it.
He is a traitor. He might feel at home
In Spain.
The Call is willing to pay any tax the
Government may impose. It will pay
a cent a bundle or 10 cents. It will
leave to legislation the settling of the
limit and make no protest. It will be
glad to know that it can contribute.
Any paper that objects to sharing the
common burden is unworthy the sup
i port of citizens, untrue to the flag, and
I the sooner it shall cease publication the
I better for the patriotism of the land.
GEORGE H. THOMAS POST.
Notable Speeches at the Anniversary
Banquet — Distinguished Guests
Present.
One hundred veterans and several
guests of George H. Thomas Post No. 2,
Grand Army of the Republic, assembled
in the banquet room on the eighth floor
of the California Hotel last evening at
6:30 o'clock and did not adjourn until mid
night. The banquet took the form of an
intensely enthusiastic demonstration of
patriotism and eloquent eulogy of Ameri
can achievements on land and sea. Some
notable speeches and happy hits were
made during the evening.
Among the g^iests at the table were:
Major General Merrlam, Brigadier Gen
eral Miller, Brigadier General Charles
King, Colonel William C. Smith. First
'xennessee; Major Edward Field. Second
Artillery; General Warfield, aid; James B.
Stetson.
The speakers were Selden Sturges, War
ren Olney, Major Field, Elisha Brooks,
Colonel W. C. Smith, E. E. Ewing and
General W. H. L. Barnes.
J. Murray Bailey, commander of the
post, opened tne ceremonies with fitting
remarks. Ex-Senator Bart Burke was
toastmaster. a posuion which he filled
with admirable tact, being ably assisted
by A. J. Vining, chairman of the com
mittee, and W. J. Watson.
Ti.ere was not a happier expression dur
ing the evening than a remark of Major
Field, "That a man who was not at this
time proud of being an American must
be either a tramp or a Harvard profes
sor."
Warren Olnry's reference to our kindred
across the sea evoked great applause.
Colonel Smith read with tender effect the
beautiful poem. "On the Rappahanock.
recently published in The Call. General
Barnes made an eloquent speech, as
usual. Mr. Brooks paid a fine tribute to
General Shaffer, a comrade of the post.
Ma iy tributes were paid to the valor ana
pin erlty of those who wore the gray,
an«. Colonel Smiiu. the ex-Confederate
vet >ran. received a great welcome.
FOUJSiD HIS WATCH.
W. S. Wood Pails in His Attempt
to xfoodwink the Police.
Captain Glllen of the Seventeenth
street station Is satisfied thnt the sensa
tional burglary which was said to have
taken place at the residence of W. S.
Wood, 114 Fourteenth street, -was told for
the purpose of defrauding the Fidelity
and Casualty Company of New York.
Last Thursday morning "Wood, who
claimed he was connected with the real
estate firm of Speck & Co. rushed breath
lessly into the Seventeenth-street sta
tion and announced that his house had
been entered by burglars, and jewelry
valued at JSOO taken. He claimed .hat
he and his wife had been chloroformed by
the desperate men, who, he supposed,
were Eastern crooks.
Captain Gmen at once sent for Detec
tives Fitzgerald and Graham, the sleuths
of the Mission district, and they were or
dered to make an investigation. Last
night they found the gold watch which
Wood claimed was stolen from him.
Wood had sold it for $40 a short time be
fore the alleged crime was committed.
VAN NESS AVENUE BURGLAR.
Dr. Taylor's House Entered, but the
Thief Was Scared Away by
a Domestic.
A bold attempt to break In and inciden
tally loot the residence of Dr. A. Miles
Taylor, 928 Van Ness avenue, was made
by a lone burglar late Friday night. Dr.
Taylor and his family left the residence
early in the evening, leaving a young
■woman, a domestic, in his employ, In
charge of the house. The departure of
the family was evidently observed by the
thief, and in all probability being un
aware of the presence of the domestic he
decided to give the family a surprise
upon its return home. About midnight
the domestic, who was working in one of
the back rooms, was startled by the
sound of a key being worked in the back
door. She listened for a moment
and, to her surprise, heard a
sound as though a heavy bar was
being forced between the lock and the sill.
She hesitated no longer and, running to
the window, she threw it open and
screamed at the top of her voice for help.
Many people in the neighborhood heard
her screams and Mr. Miller and Harry
White, who occupy the upper flaj, 930
Van Ness avenue, bounded downstairs
revolvers in hand to the rescue of the do
mestic. The burglar heard them coming
and started on his run for liberty. He ran
through a little alley into Ellis street,
turned west into Van Ness avenue and
disappeared.
The case was reported to the police at
the Central station and an effort will be
made to apprehend the would-be burglar.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATH 3.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach.
Death of Captain Dodge.
WASHINGTON, July 30.— A dispatch
recceivt'd from Santiago announces the
death of Captain Dodge of the Twenty
four'h Infantry, well known in the
West.
THE POPULISTS '
OVERLOOKED
Continued From Page Nine.
1063 Broadway; Judge, Ignatius Cllne,
R.. 1419/2 Mason street.
Thirteemh Precinct— lnspector, Moses Da
vis, L>., 1020 Hyde street; Judge, W. J. Hogan.
D., 1417 Sacramento street; judge, B. F. Mead,
R., 1215 Leaver.worth street.
Fourteenth Precinct — Inspector. -Edward
Vail, D., 1332 Jackson street; judge, J. C.
Radford, D., 1227 Jackson street; Judge, Alex
ander Goodenough, R., 1321 Pacific street.
Fifteenth Precinct— lnspector, Qeorge Oran
dall, D., 1233 Broadway; judge, Edward
Reynolds. D.. 1625 Leavenworth street; judge,
Joseph F. Murray, R., 1502 Leavenworth
street.
FORTY-THIRD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— lnspector, G. Morgrentheau,
D., 930 Market street; Judge, Samuel Mark?,
D., 133 EHls street; Judge, A. J. Clark, R., 1020
Market street.
Second Precinct— lnspector, Joseph M. Page,
D., 16 Ellis street; Judge. Frank Purcell. D.,
120 Elils street; Judge, George H. Bomstack.
R., 131 A OFarrell street.
Third Precinct— lnspector, J. Van Horn, D.,
340 Geary street; judge. W. T. Brown, D., 217
Geary street; Judge, Thomas A. Kelly, R., 8
Ellwood street.
Fourth Precinct— C. E. Frank, D., 101% Grant
avenue; Judge, A. Varnberg, D., 12i"6 Geary
street; Judge, John 11. Breen, 111 Grant aye-
nue.
Fifth Precinct— lnspector, G. H. Hackett, D.,
304 Stockton street; Judge, W. Gonzales, P.,
303H Sutter str^t; Judge, William J. Mitchell,
R., 16 Stockton street.
Sixth Precinct— lnspector, 3. Garrlssere, D..
560 Sutler street; Judge, M. Goldman, D., 407
Powell street; Judge, Henry Larsen, R., 706
Mason street.
Seventh Precinct— lnspector, W. J. McCarthy,
D., 308 Sutter street; judge. W. J. Gallagher.
D., 311 Grant avenue; Judge, Charles Brown,
R., 811 Grant avenue.
Eighth Precinct — Inspector, F. Hess Jr., D.,
821 California street; Judge, D. H. Van Glahn,
D., 721 Stockton street; Judge, Robert Barker,
R_, 711 Stockton street.
Ninth Precinct— lnspector, S. Abraham, D.,
415 Dupont street; Judge, D. B. Cam, P., 705
California street; Judge, W. J. Crozier, R.,
677 Pine street.
Tenth Precinct— lnspector. B. Whltehead, D.,
425 Kearny street; Judge, S. Somerfleld, D. (
331 Kearny street; judge, Charles Taylor. R.,
633 California street.
Eleventh Precinct — Inspector. T. H. Con
boy, P., 209 Montgomery street; Judge, J.
Mlschel, D., 633 Broadway; judge. Frank Dur
ham. R., southeast corner Broadway and
Stockton street, room IS.
Twelfth Precinct— lnspector, J. H. Flger. D.,
388 Pacific street; Judge, William Henderson,
D.. 1014 Powell street; Judge, Charles Favor.
R., 108 Trenton street.
Thirteenth Precinct— L. H. Heel. D.. 1028
Clay street; Judge. W. Sttllson, D., 1021% Clay
street; Judge, Charles Schafer. R.. 1028 Clay
street.
Fourteenth Precinct— Benjamin T. Brewer,
D 22H Scott street; Judge, Charles Cook, D.,
933 A Jackson street; Judge, Peter Deveny, St.,
2« John street.
FORTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— lnspector. David Mussante
D. 1413 Dupont street; Judge Paul Duboise,
D., 4 Vallejo place; Judge, C. F. Molinarl. R
513 Union street.
Second Precinct — Inspector, Eugene Casassa,
D., 629 Vallejo street; Judge, Peter Isaacs, D.,
436 Green street; judge, Benjamin Morris, R.,
1352 Dupont street.
Third Precinct— lnspector, William Connolly,
D.. 1515 Mason street; Judge. A. H. Dauers, D.
823 Vallejo street; Judge, A. Coleman, R., 918
Broadway.
Fourth Precinct— Inspector, George Podesto,
D., 428 A Union street: Judge. Morris Wolf, D..
420 Filbert street; judge. Joseph Cuneo, R., 2
Cardell place.
Fifth Precinct— lnspector. Ed L. Rettore, D.,
Ell Greenwich street; Judge, James Rorke. D..
1826 Dupont street; Judge, G. D. Martini. R..
522 Filbert street.
Sixth Precinct— lnspector. T. Regan. D., 225
Francisco street; Judge, Peter McGowan, D.,
1017 Dupont street; Judge, J. H. Nelson, R., 10
Pfeiffer street.
Seventh Precinct— lnspector, Louis Levy, D.,
631 Lombard Btreet; Judge, Charles Luhn, D.,
630 Lombard street; Judge, Richard Gantner,
R,, 518 Lombard street.
Eighth Precinct— Inspector, Frank Cunning
ham, D.. 2213 Powell street; judge, William J.
Carr, D., '2315 Mason street; Judge, P. J. Kane.
R.. 2219 Powell street.
Ninth Precinct — Inspector, G«orge Beecamp,
D., 711 Filbert street; Judge, M. J. Manning.
ADVERTISEMENTS. x _____~-~-~~V
General, Sir Evelyn Wood. ,
• '\ v J V i
SIR EVELYN WOOD Says: . ; V
"Regarding the infantry marching in the recent -,
maneuvers, it was the best seen during my command :
at Aldershot. Many officers availed themselves of the .
s. . ......
tonic and reconstituent properties of the well-known.
Marian/ Wine, the most certain as well as the most
palatable method of inducing resistance to fatigue." _-. ■■ .
From "The London Sketch." ■' '
Marlani Wine Is Indorsed by more than 8000 American physicians. It is of especial value " ..
In cases of Neuralgia, Nervous Debility. Muscular Relaxation, Mental and Physical Depres-
sion and Exhaustion, Overwork or Overstrain. Insomnia, Headache. Nervous Dyspepsia, Loss •'
of Appetite, Emaciation and Consumption: it builds up the vital forces and is a powerful re- ..'
Juvenator. It gives strength to the nervous system, firmness and elasticity to the muscles,' ".'
and richness to the blood. It benefits all ana injuries none. • . ■;.
FOR OVERWORKED MEN, DELICATE WOMEN, SICKLY CHILDREN V
MARIANI WINE MEANS SALVATION ■;
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS. REFUSE SUBSTITUTIONS. "" .
SPECIAL OFFER— To all who write mentioning the SAN FRANCISCO .'
CALL, we send a book containing portraits and indorsements of EM- '.
PERORS, EMPRESS, PRINCES, CARDINALS, ARCHBISHOPS and other .
distinguished personages. ' . "i
MARIANI & CO., 52 WEST 15TH STREET, NEW YORK. .;. .:■."
Paris — 41 Boulevard H^issman; London— S3 Mortimer Street: Montreal— 2B-30 Hospital Street. • , •:.
D., 1812 Powell street; Judge, Paul Stange, R..
617 A Ixunbard street.
Ttnth Precinct — Inspector. Martin La-ette,
I>.. 525 Filbert street; judge. William Ryan,
D., 5 .Tansen street.
Eleventh Precinct— lnspector. Andrew Ryan,
D.. 72" A Union street; Judge. William H. Mur
ray. D., 1709 Mawn street; judge, Edward Nel
man. R.. 1613 Powell street.
Twelfth Precinct — Inspector, Henry Sheman-
Bky, D., 713 Green street; judge, H. J. Cor
neps. D., 918 Vallf-jo street; judge, Milo Ellich,
R., 83214 Vallc-jo street.
Thirteenth Precinct— lnspector— T. B. Cun
ningham. I).. 734 Chestnut street: Judge, George
Matson. I>.. 22"3h Mason street; judge. Frank
McFarland, R., 73S Francisco street.
Fourteenth Precinct— lnspector, Charles Mc-
Carty, D., 1705 Jones street; judge, Edward
Feeney, D., 1127 Vallejo street; Judge, Simon S.
Franklin, R., ISO 3 Jones stivet.
Fifteenth Precinct — Inspector, Emile Gaus
eall. D., 906 Filbert street; judge, George H.
Kendall. D.. 9308 Filbert street; judge, Ellis
M. Furbush. R., 813 Lombard street.
FORTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct — Inspector, Morris Peyser, D.,
331V4 Bush street; juJge. Kirby Byrne, D., Lick
House; Judge, W. E. Bates, R. r 238 Kearny
street.
Second Precinct — Inspector. Fred Clough, D.,
ZH Bush street: Judge, A. Hilton, D., 324 Bush
street; Judge, L^uis Dorr. R., 324 Bush street.
Third Precinrl— lnspector, John Rodger, 1).,
117 Drumm street: judge, John MoDonald, D.,
517 Sacramento street; Judge, W. B. Miller, R.,
529 Sacramento street.
Fourth Precinct— lnspector, John B. Weller,
P., 539 Clay street: judge. James McKlnley,
D., 631 Sacramento street; Judge, Louis Kirsch
baum, R., 631 Sacramento street.
Fifth Precinct— lnspector, Samurl Irai '-s. r>.
647 Washington Btre«t; judge, E. L. Palmar,
V.. CommcrclHl Rrtel; fudge, John M. Gar
rett. R.. 522 Jackson street.
Sixth Preo'.nct— lnspector. T. W. McFnrlane
P., 6f>6 Montgomer>' street; Judge. H. L. Dunne,
D., 610 Montgomery street; Judge, E. T. Tar
box. R., 640 Washington street.
Seventh Precinct — Inspector, J. S. Kilaby, D.,
19 Commercial street; Judge, Michael Barrett.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . --^,_
?2 8 S3 BS3nB 88 S8 22 88 - S3 B 8 88' 88 8 8 88 8 8888 8 8 8 8 BSS
88 ■ -.- ; . ._ ; ■ ■ ,•■ --. , s,-
taTOLIVELONGi"!
S8 88
88 We should heed the slightest symptom of an approaching ailment and jj
*j consult a physician who makes a specialty of the disease which threatens 88
gj to rack us with pain or to bring our existence to an untimely end.
85 ______ '. .__ — - The staff of the English g$
m /^"^ B>^!\ ; JP"SSk and German Expert Special- 88
88 C_J__k '/^^ ists is composed of five doc- rr
88 'Um^vlr 1 L_^ 11 tors, each of whom is aBB
« : \[l3^ V specialist for two or more a
85 -JP^^fefr' T^^' •■•■/ diseases. Consumption in *jj
85 *ffi\^?l^f\rl@*^!0 ill \ /fe y«S_ *^ c rst sta @ es " anC ' chronic S8
88 .\»f/.' m v\o!l^yv'^^ diseases of the most compli- 8? .
2* IL^ra V cated and dangerous charac- g-
88 i^llP^i^ d^^^k. ter yield quickly to the supe-. 88
88 j ■'$§$?■'■ )>T . if ' Slj rior skill, modern methods, a
| : l^,^ ■'■•..^ '^i iA^sj^^W^ ■ ! powerful remedies and long 55
88 r - ' %, \^^^t^C^^lj^ Jr<^ m experience of these great.' 88
»• -s^^_^^_^k jl^^^ 7 Established o twenty - five -85
88 <, \< 1 *^'~ \^r^ years. Incorporated under
o. , '". .' '. . ' — — - .. . . the laws of California for tt£
*8 $250,000. CONSULTATION FREE Thousands cured at home. Writells
gg for full symptom blank and private book for men or women. •
§ ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS, ■;■£
I T3l Market St., San Francisco. *
8888 8 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 8 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 8 88 88 8* 88 88 88 88 88 88 8
D., 34 Commercial street: Judge, John. P. Tor- '-•
rey, R. ( 36 Clay street.
Eighth — Inspector, Joseph Kelly, D.,
6n5 Davis street; Judge, O. Valente, D., 217
Broadway; Judge, Edward F. Sutton, R.. 704
Sansome street. .
Ninth Precinct— Hugh Curran, D.. ■
306 Broadway; judge, J. L. Smith, D.. 1112 }
Montgomery street; Judge, Charles A. White, - I
R., 329 Vallejo street. I
Tenth Precinct— J. J. Green, D., A
1105 Montgomery street; Judge. R. J. EstudJUo, /^\
D. 319 Green street; Judge, George Goldsmith. . .'
11., 915 Montgomery street. *■ •
Eleventh Precinct — Inspector, G. H. Price.
D., 213^ Vallejo street: Judge, P. P. Blantin, .
D., 715 Davis street; Judge, Eugene Valente,
R., 214 Broadway. - '
Twelfth Precinct— lnspector, John Ryan. D., .
3 Cclhoun street; Judge, David Capurro, D.,
1303 Montgomery street; Judge, "William H. Mc-
Phe— on 329 Filbert street.
"Is this action bindinsr on me?" asked "';.
the Registrar. "Am I to swear in all the . .
men you have selected, -whether they are
on the assessment roll or not?" . " "„
"As I said ' before." replied Cresvell,-..
"we are not here to Interpret the law for "
you. All , you have to do is to do your •".
duty. If you refuse to do so. we will try .'
to force you to do it. There are plain and
speedy remedies at law." -.
The commission then adjourned until to-. ' .
morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock after ■■ ■
passing a resolution requesting any citi- •• • .
Zen to offer objection to any officer select-" '•"
ed If there Is iepal reason why he shall " •
be disqualified from serving. •
While Registrar Biggy will not outline "
his plan, it is very probable that he will' •"
refuse to swear in the first offlcrr who •.'.'
appears before him who is not on the as- ' ' ■
sessmcnt roll. A writ of mandate to com-. : •
pel him to do so win then be taken out ".-!
and the legal question involved speedily .-. . .
settled in court.
The location of the precinct registration •
boards will be found in the advertising ■ "■
columns of The Call.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
EXPLOSION AT
PINOLE DECLARED
AN ACCIDENT
Jurors Exonerate the Officials
From All Blame for the
Catastrophe.
Even the Brother of One of the Victims
Gives Testimony That the Affair Was
Controlled by Fate.
We the jury find that the deceased, ;
John Alvarez, Herbert Stratton, Pat- I
rick Murphy and John Ashe, all em
ploytM of the California Powder j
Works, came by their death by an
explosion at the works on the morn- j
ing of July 27, and we further find [
that said explosion was the result of j
an accident and that no blame at- I
■ laches to any officials of the com
pany.
: . .;:':. Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
•;■. •••.'.■•. : :.-.v'. :-; 90S Broadway, July 30.
.: Fully a score of witnesses testified to
' day' at the inquest at Pinole that. the ex
. plosion's/ :bf last. Wednesday were the
work of .a- .miscreant, . The verdict could
. not-con'tainiany reference to this evidence
■.as : prily : the; first explosion was directly
jth&>n-ork of, the fu*e, while the second
one, which killed four men, was the re
sult of the -fixfet "explosion. ':' ■ '
• The. inquest was held In the heart of the
powder works arid most .of the witnesses
.>* ere called, 'from their .dangerous work
to: tell what they knew, of the fearful
./death. of 'their' comrade's. Each had an
• interesting story to tell; either of a hair
breadth: escape or of the action of dyna
mite scum or of their idea of the cause
of .the. catastrophe. A brother of one of
the victims, .Alvarez,' is evidently ■ a fa
; talist. He believed his brother's time had
'come arid.he had to go.
■Superintendent Quinan repeated the
;6tory of the wreck and when pressed by
■.Coroner Curry for a theory of the dis
aster he said: "My theory-is that somo
malicious person placed the piece of fuse
"HIS TIME HAD COME."
iiT am a merchant of Pinole," said Charles Alveraz, "and J. P. Alveras
I who was killed, was my brother. It seems to me that his time had
I come and he had to go. li his time had not come he would not have
-*- been killed. He had left the house and was on his way to breakfast
with McKay. He remembered that he had borrowed Herbert Stratton's
rule, and he told McKay he would go back and return It. He was ad
vised hot to bother, but ho returned, and no sooner had he reached
Strattnn than the explosion occurred, and both were killed. That shows
his time had come. He was a very careful roan, and would not have
gone in the house had he thought there was any danger My brother
Had worked ttir-re for fifteen years— half his life. He was born at Pinole
and had a wife and four little ones. But his time had come; he had to
die* and I do not blame anybody for his death."
which was afterward found in the wreck
: ■ r some dynamite scum that had been
mixed with sawdust. Oh the end of the
fuse I should presume a percussion cap,
:•:. or perhaps a giant cartridge, was fixed.
This would cause the first explosion. The
second explosion, which occurred five sec
onds or bo later, would be the explosion
of the blowtank, which would be caused
by the concussion from the first explo
sion. The going \jp of the blowcask
. would naturally create considerable dust,
and after a couple of hours, I think, the
explosion which killed the men occurred
as the result of this dust settling- on the
filters and being decomposed by what lit
tle oil was in them."
"I think Mr. Bermingham, the assist
ant superintendent, did perfectly right
when he started In to cltar away the
: -wreck. I should have advised him to do
last as he did, had I been on th* ground.
I am at a loss to explain the affair, ex-
Cf-pt on the ground of foul play. I do not
..-■':• think .that there was any intention to
kill,- but unfortunately the first explosion
led to-the second, that was fatal."
John Birmingham Jr., son of the presi
dent of the company, said that he knew
all the unfortunate men well, and all weie
;. ■ careful: "After the first explosion," he
said. "I tried to call up Mr. Quinan for
v ''■ Instruction, but when I found I had to act
: myself, I called out the men and started
to clear away the wreck. None of the
men objected to working, but all worked
w.lih a will. One of the men brought me a
fiece of fuse that was found in the ruins.
was examining it whon the second ex
•'-.'. plosion, . occurred. There should have
be^n nO fuse near the nltro-glyrerine
house, and I cannot give any reason for
. :• it being there, except that it was put
there and used by some evil-minded per
fon, who w-fis anxious to hurt the com
■■• \pany. We laid off a few men about a
' month ago, but I have no reason to think
that any one should want to blow up the
works."
Joe Madera told of the finding of the
• fuse, and about half a dozen witn>;s<<>s
all stated that no one thought there was
:'..' any danger in the ruins. Tlrcre was not
fi single man who objected to going to
. ■ wp'rk, All thought that it was a wise
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SENT FRpIIN
The Stats Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
. TO ALL WHO WRITE.
FTe'e samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the instl-
. tute ha« decided to distribute free trial
. packages to all who write. It Is a home
• treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful . folly, premature loss of
: strength and memory, weak back, varlco-
ce'le, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and Beems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where It Is needed.
It cures ' all the Ills and troubles that
Come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute, 193 First National Bank
BUlldlng, Fort Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
Jages will pc complied with. The institute
§ is desirous of reaching that great class
f >f men who are unable to leave home to
» c treated and the free sample will en-
•able them to see how easy It is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
. proper remedies are employed. The In-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will, be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
IS on the part of the assistant euper
ndent to start clearing the wreck as
i as possible to avoid fire. No one sug
ed that any one be blamed for
death of the men.
le experience of J. a. Sandell was un
common. He was working about six feet
from the filter when the second explosion
occurred, and he did not hear It. "1 saw a
tong-ue of flame," saiu Sandell, "about
six feet from me. I did not hear the ex
plosion, but I was knocked down, and
when I got up 1 saw that some of the
men who had been near me were killed
and others were Injured. The flash came
from a tank. I cannot give any reason
for the explosion, but I am satisfied that
it was the best thing to do to clear away
the debris."
Then came old John McLaln. who has
been In all the explosions for twenty-four
years and come out of all unscathed. He
heard the three explosions and running
to the -wreck he put out a small fire and
soon all the men came to work. About
5:30 another explosion occurred and at that
time ne was about forty feet away, but
did not get hurt. McLaln created some
amusement by the manner in which b«
repudiated the Coroner's suggestion that
he was an expert on fuse. "I'm no ex
pert," said McLain, "but I've handled
fuse for twenty years and I know all
there is to know about it. This piece of
fuse should not have been near the house.
It is the kind of fuse that is being used
by the Valley Road contractors about half
a mile away. It was brought to the
works by come one who wanted to do
damage.''
Charles Alverez, a brother of one of the
victims, was present and he frequently
asked questions of the witnesses that mi
i dlcated he was not satisfied as to tho al
leged cause of his brother's death. When
; he was put on the witness stand his story
• wrs somewhat of a surprise.
Moses Murphy, the 6on of Patrick Mur
phy, was also a witness, but he could
give no evidence except to testify to his
fathers age and the children left desti-
Constable Mike Scanlon, who was born
In Pinole 42 years, ago, and who has lived
there ever since said it was impossible
for any one to crawl through the wire
fence from the county road and to have
reached the works. He said that he had
seen several pieces of fuse similar to ihe
"" e . found in the wreck,' and he was told
that when blasting the burned fuse some
times btew hundreds of feet away
Several witnesses testified along the
same lines as the others, and after several
hours of testimony vie matter was given
to the jury. There was over an hour's
argument among the jurors, as some one
had snld that a man named Morgan had
told two lady friends that ho had started
the explosion by using a hammer at the
house. It was proved that Morgan was a
long way off at the time of the explosion
and when the jury was notified of this
they returned a unanimous verdict.
Demand Damages.
OAKLAND, July 30.— The Melrose Pro
tective Association held a meeting this
evening, with about 150 present, and rais
ed $1500 with wnlch to defray the prelim
inary expenses of a suit against the "West
ern Fuse Company for damages sustained
by reason of the recent explosion. Reed
& Nusbaumer have been retained as at
torneys for the association. Charles Ste
venson was chairman of the meeting.
E. NORWOOD JONES
CHARGES BLACKMAIL
AVERS THAT FBANCOETJB IS
GUILTY OF EXTORTION.
He Does Not Deny Complicity as to
Annie Johnson's Death, but
Makes Grave Charges.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 80.
E. Norwood Jones, who Is being sued
for a divorce by Gertrude K. Jones, with
whom. he is sued on a note for $500, to-day
tiled answer to the charge placed against
him. While he does not deny his associa
tion with the Annie Johnson scandal, he
alleges that he is the victim of blackmail.
Jones, who Is in the East, and who only
through the shrewdest detective work was
served with a summons, tells his story as
follows:
He avers that he has at all times lived
in utter happiness with his wife; that
ft-" 1 September 1 . 1896. to November of
L h . e * amp year. Annie Johnson lived at the
home of Mrs. Jones, and that In Decem
if ,Lin me 7 ear the woma became
ill. and in the January following died
from a criminal operation. At that time
Jones alleges, some relatives of Annie
Johneon approached him, claiming that
they had evidence which would tend to
fn nn w t ? h and an associate of complicity
in her death and that thereupon his as
sociate, in order to suppress the a leged
evidence and to protect himself from the
scandal and possible prosecution, em
ployed Attorney Francoeur for $500 This
money was subsequently paid wltn $150 be-
Jones then charges Francoeur with a
grave crime. He alleges that on m, t 1
1897, the plaintiff demanded o "him Wo*
more for his services; Jones refused to
pay it and then the attorney threatened
the defendant ,and his associate that if
the extra $500 were not paid or secured by
a note signed by defendant and wife he
would bring suit and expose to the pubHc
all the alleged evidence in reference to
Jones' knowledge of -the death of Annie
Johnson. It TCaa impelled by this threat
that, Jones claims, he signed the second
Death of Leonard Kennedy.
Oi V K £ A u ND> J . uly 30 --News has Juat
reached here of the death of Leonard
White Kennedy, the speculator and pro
moter, which occurred in New York on
the 21st instant. Kennedy started the tun
nel route between this county and Contra
Costa County. He left here a year ago
He was a native of New York, aged 69
years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, STTNTDAY, JULY 31, 1898.
A POLITICAL
COMPLICATION
IN OAKLAND
Buckley-Maguires to Take Part
in the Republican Pri
maries.
Hilborn Finds That Metcalf Has Been Doing
Some Practical and Successful
Politics.
OAKLAND, July 30.— The Democrats of
Alameda County have aroused themselves
from their lethargy, and to-day Chair
man Con Brosnahan called a meeting of
the County Committee for next Tuesday
night at R. F. Fitzgerald's office, for the
purpose of issuing a call for a primary to
elect delegates to the State convention.
The members of the committee are un
decided whether to hold an open primary
or elect delegates at club meetings. On
account of the shortness of the time be
fore the convention meets, in addition to
I a marked apathy on the part of the Ala
meda Democracy toward using their time
and money to journey to Sacramento for
the purpose of ratifying the nomination
of the "Little Spotted Giant," the club
system will be probably adopted.
The primary will be held either next
Saturday or a week from Tuesday, most
likely on Saturday, the county being en
titled to forty-three delegates under the
apportionment of the State Central Com
mittee.
The Democrats, just now, are more in
terested in the antics of Pardee than they
are in their own misfortunes. For the
! cake of diversion, a number of them have
i contributed to the gayety of the ca.m
i paign by "boosting" the doctor's fight,
i and they say "there are others." They
: make no concealment of their expectation
j of heavy reinforcements of Buckley-Ma
! gulre heelers from the other side of the
bay to participate in the Republican
; primaries, and they grin as they talk of
1 the lesson in practical politics the Buck-
I ley-Maguire "push" will give the Davis
1 crowd.
That Pardee's intimates are fully cog
; nizant of the contemplated invasion is
| all too apparent. Buckley's gang doesn't
1 dip into Republican factional fights just
j for the health of the members. They
make their living by the stuffing of prim
aries and such work— and Pardee has
money enough to fill a cistern.
These stories are very disquieting to
the Davis crowd, but tTley are taking
such steps as they can to head off the
raid though they acknowledge that a
i combination of Buckley and Pardee is
| difficult to overcome. However, they are
perfecting their organizations in every
ward, and besides are paying particular
attention to the outside townships, while
!bo far Pardee' b energies have been con
centrated on the capture of Oakland.
While busied with their own affairs and
watching the movements of each other,
both Pardee and Davis were thrown into
a nervous chill during the week by the
mention of M. M. Estee's name as a gu
bernatorial candidate. Although the
friends of the rivals endeavored to con
vince them that the mention of Mr. Es
tee waa a mere formality that must be
g-one through in every campaign, the pos
■Bibllity of still further complications to
the already badly mixed situation wa3
enough to cause the two Alameda aspi
rants extreme mental depression for the
time.
The Populists— that Is the members of
the People's Party who refused to be
swallowed by the fusion anaconda— appear
to be quite determined to make a vigor
ous fight for Shanahan. The county will,
be thoroughly organized and clubs formed
In every ward and township. The Popu
lists will put a full county ticket in the
field and declare they will prove them-
Fflvf-s a large and sharp thorn in the sides
of the other fellows.
Congressman Hilborn has taken a care
ful survey of the field since his return
from Washington, and as a. result is
forced to admit that Victor Metcalf has
stolen a march on him during his absence.
Hilborn finds his own forces in this coun
ty somewhat disorganized, while Metcalf's
friends, by their system of house meet
ings, have made big progress toward per
fecting a systematic campaign for th«
Congressional nomination. Moreover, Hil
born finds that in rewarding his political
manager, W. H. Friend, with an Oakland
postmastership, he badly handicapped
himself, for since his appointment
Friend's hands have been tied by the
"offensive partisan" law, while Metcalf's
friends have been free to take advantage
of every opportunity.
The action of the County Committee
Thursday, In keeping the State and Con
gressional primaries separate, was in ac
cordance with Metcan s wishes and di
rectly opposite to Hilborn's ideas. From
the time he decided to enter the Congres
sional fight Metcalf aimed to have that
kept entirely distinct from the other pri
maries and convenions. When Hilhorn
returned he decided that his interests
would be advanced by joint primaries but
he was too late to offset the work done
by Mptcalf.
When Hilborn took his first stroll down
Broadway after his return from Wash
ington he dropped into Nat Rosenberg's
stand and laid down a quarter, naming
his brand. As he did so he remarked
"Well, Nat, how's the Congressional
fight going?"
"Oh, we've decided to send Mr Mp.t
calf back next term," replied the cigar
dealer.
"You don't mean to say that my friends
have gone hack on me?" anxiously in
quired the statesman.
"Not gone back on you exactly, but
they've sort of made up thrir minds that
as long as Metcalf has made up his mind
that he wants it. it would be a nice thing
to let him have It."
Hflborn left the cigar stand pondering
over the ingratitude of a trusted con
stituency, but he ie not discouraged H&
haa set to work with a grim determina
tion to win out, paying particular atten
tion to the up counties, where he claims
to be strong enough to more than offset
Metcalf's vote In this county.
Alex. Rosborough returned from the
Klondike to-day, to the surprise and de
light of hiß friends. Alex, says it Is all
very nice to sweep up gold In the Arctic
but he knew Alameda County could not
get along without him this fall. Of
course, Alex, will be given the nomina
tion for some county office on the Demo
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
For St. Michael, Dawson,
And All Yukon River Points.
Alaska Commercial Company's First-Class Steamship
" PORTLAND"
Will sail from Section 4, Seawall, WEDNESDAY, August 3,
at 2 o'clock p. m., connecting at St. Michael with our large
fleet of river steamers.
For rates and particulars apply to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.,
310 Sansome Street, Scan Francisco, Cal.
cratic ticket, but which Is yet to be de
cided upon. It is probable, however, that
the County Clerkship will just about fit
his ideas of the comforts of life, and if
it does he will give his opponent, who
ever he may be, a hard run for his money,
for Alex, can have almost anything he
wants here.
Rosborough is the second Klondiker to
return in time to mix up in the political
broil. "Jim" Stanley, the Mission S.tn
Jose blacksmith, got back two weeks ago,
and already has thrown himself into the
thick of the fight for Equalizer against
Morehouse. Stanley is immensely pop
ular throughout the county, as evidenced
by his election a_s Public Administrator
for four successive terms, refusing a
ronomination for the fifth term two years
ago.
Stanley, though a faithful officer, is not
much of an orator, but his friends will use
with good effect the only two speeches
he ever made. The first was delivered
ten years ago upon the occasion of his
first nomination for Public Administra
tor. "Gentlemen," said Jim, "I'm no
speech-maker, but I want to say this. I
have an idea that nolding an office is
easier than hammering iron, and I am
anxious to see If my idea is correct."
The second speech was delivered two
years later upon his renomination. It was
this: "Gentlemen, two years ago T had
an idea that holding office was easier
than hammering iron, and I wanted to see
if I was right. I have tried it and have
found to my entire satisfaction that hold-
Ing office is much more congenial to me."
TWO IDEAS
ON ONE POINT
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 30.
Superior Judges Greene and Hall are at
loggerheads on the question as to
whether petitions for involuntary insol
vency can be filed within four months
of the passage of the national bankrupt
act, which went Into effect on the Ist
inst.
Judge Greene has refused to recog
nize any petitions in Insolvency which
are affected by the national law, holding
that the latter law abrogates the State
law. The national act provldts that no
voluntary insolvency petition snail be
filed within one month of its passage,
and no involuntary insolvency within
four months. In this respect Judge
Greene holds the same opinion, and in
terprets the Federal law as does Judge
Belcher of San Francisco and Judge W.
M. Conley of Fresno.
Judge Hall, on the other hand, holds
that a man cannot be deprived of the
right of going through insolvency, and he
has accordingly allowed numerous peti
tions of involuntary Insolvency to be
filed, to wit: Those In the matters of F
J. Marshall, F. B. Freeman, J. W. Macay,
George Wittmeier. Pete Butt, F. B. Pot
ter and others, all Insolvent debtors. Yet
the national act Is really in favor of the
debtors and does not allow a creditor to
force a debtor through insolvency with
in four months of its passage.
The. courts will resume business next
Monday, after the regular six weeks' va
cation, and it is quite likely that this
question win then be thoroughly discussed
and adjudicated.
Judge Hall appears to be In grave doubts
as to Judge Greene's tenets in the prem- !
ises, although he himself Is not absolutely I
satisfied that he is correct in his Inter- !
pretatlon of the national bankrupt act
I have permitted parties to file such
petitions in insolvency," said Judge Hill
to-day, when ,his attitude in the matter
was asked for, "but I have also boon
warning them that there Is some doubt
as to their rights In thus filing the papers
The matter has really never been anrued
here, only ex parte."
Considerable surprise Is of course ex
pressed that the youngest Superior Judge
should differ with Judge Greene, who haa !
the distinction of having dealt out law j
for the past twenty years or more
JAMES MeCLELLAND'S DEATH. I
The Summons Came After a Very
Brief Attack of Heart Fail
ure at Midnight.
OAKLAND. July 30.— James McClel
land, for a number of years prominent in
the employ of the Southern Pacific Com
pany and an active worker in Republi
can political circles, died suddenly at
his home, 1713 Eighth street, at
12:30 o'clock this morning. He had been
111 only one day, and death was due to
heart failure.
Deceased was a native of Philadelphia
Pa., aged 42 years, and leaves a widow
without children, and two slsterp, Mrs
F. L. Lewis and Mrs. Charles Maxwell of
Philadelphia.
Mr. McClelland came to California nine
years ago, and for several years there
after held a clerkship In me department
under Master Mechanic McKenzle of the
Southern Pacific Company, and his rapid
acquaintance soon brought him into prom
inence as a politician. He came from a
distinguished family. His father was the
well known Fleet Surgeon McClelland of
the United States navy under Admiral
Goldsborough.
The funeral will take place Monday aft
ernoon at 2 o'clock from his late resi
dence.
Mr. McClelland carried a large life
Insurance, and this leaves his widow well
provided for.
tone Batana, a resident of Pleasanton,
aged about 22 3 - ears. While Batana was
being taken to Niles he died on the train.
Coroner Baldwin was immediately noti
fied, and Deputy Coroner Briscoe at
Pleasanton took charge of the remains.
GRANTED A NEW TRIAL.
Ludwig Streuber Wins an Appeal to
the Supreme Court and Will
Be Tried Again.
OAKLAND, July 30.— Ludwig A. Streu
ber, who was sent to Folsom Prison from
here by Superior Judge Greene on con
viction of permitting his young wife to re
main in a house of doubtful character,
has been granted a new trial. The case
was appealed to the Supremo Court on
error of the Judge's instructions. Juige
Greene had instructed the jury in the
case that "it is not incumbent upon de
fendant to prove his innocence, nor 'a it
incumbent on him to explain suspi.Mnus
circumstances unless they tend in Home
degree to establish his guilt." The Su
preme Court holds that this instruction
did not contain a satisfactory statement
of the law. The judgment and order of
the lower court were reversed and the
cause has been remanded for a new trial.
Alameda County Schools.
OAKLAND, July 30.— According to the
annual report of County Superintendent
of Schools J. P. Garlick, the total num
ber of census children between the ages
of 5 and 17 is 29,556. Of these there are
20C negroes and 10 Indians. The total
number of children under 5 years of age
is 14,845; those between 5 and 17 wh9 at
tend public schools number 20.639; private
schools 2490, and G427 attend no school at
all. There are 39,379 native-born children
out ol a total of 40,401. Alameda claims
3460 and Berkeley 2530 census children,
me sum of $389,899 50 was paid out for
teachers' salaries. There are 933 girls and
C 39 boys attending the High School.
For Failure to Provide.
OAKLAND, July 30.— W. H. Catron, a
young machinist, was arrested this even-
Ing at a West Oakland round house for
failure to provide for his child and his
bail was fixed at $50.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
© i^^^^^^^d m^^^ - *^9^ J^^^. .^^^^^^^a jIBI o^^^ Tb
1 1
1 DISEASE {
t ■ |
jj Dr. Norman Kerr, the cmi- P
2 neut English physician, J
j says: "Drunkeness is a I ...
) disease and can be cured if (
I* properly treated." cured if V
properly treated. ' '
*
« Send for printed matter that tells P "..
M all about it. ft
3 THE KEELEY INSTITUTES. ?
9 233 N. Main Street. Los Angeles. £?
£ 1170 Market Street, San Francisco, ft
I Fred A Pollock, Manager. J
AUCTION SALES.'
AUCTION SALE!
TO-MORROW (MONDAY) AND TUESDAY,
At 2 p. m. and 7 p. m.,
AT 1030 MARKET STREET. NEAR TURK.
I will pell at public auction an elegant line
of HAND-PAINTED CHINA, consisting of
Limoges, Haviland and Elite China. A beau-
tiful collection. Terms cash.
' N. E. CLARK. Auctioneer.
OCEAV IBAVjSL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. ;
fc»^ Steamers leave Broadway
j VO>»»»- wharf, San Francisco:
HSvSfISRSk. fur Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
i |IPK^»I August 4, 9. 14, 19. 24, 29, Sept 3,
J tf®< KJSIV'Km transfer at Seattle.
IS'iviiMJSay F<>r Alaskan ports (from
KWMLVIPt^I Spear-street wharf), 10 a. in,
jr^^^Hn^K August 3, 23, transfer at Port-
land, < >r.
"^ For Victoria, Vancouver, (B.
C* Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett,
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m., August 4, 9. 14, 19, 24. 29. Sept 3. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
K. . at Tacoma wit*. N. P. Ry., at Vancouver
with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (numboldt Bay), 10 a. m. Aug.
6. 12. IS, 24, 30, Sept 5 and every sixth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford, (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, "V entura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Aug. ■1, 5, 9, 13, 17, 21, 25, 29,
Sept 2 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo) Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Log Angeles), 11 a.
m.. Aug. 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, 31, Sept. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter. -
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Manatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. 1 m., 18th of
every month.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hmirs of pnllinrr. ■.■;■-■:' ■ • -■ •
TICKET OFFICK— I New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.
10 Market st San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
• From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CARE 12 First Class Including Berths
I Milt $8 Second Class and Meals,
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS :
Columbia.... .........Aug. 3, 13, 23, Sept. 2
State of California. July 30 ,Aug. 8, 18, 28, Sept 7
St. Paul ...... ?16 00 St.; Louis .....J32 00
Kansas City ..... 26 00 Chicago .......... 27 50
Omaha 26 00 New York 3100
. E. C. WARD, General Agent,
. 630 Market • st.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.,
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generals Transatlantique.
■ French Line to Havre. ',-.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North ' aq,-
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers ■^Tftrr^
by this line avoid both transit by«*S*B
English railway and the discomfort of croßs!n«
the channel in a email ■ boat. - New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, 1160:
second clcss, $116.
LA TOURAINE .........Aug. 6, 10 a. m
LA.BRETAGNE ....Aug. 13. 10 a. ' m
LA NORMANDIE ..Aug. 20, Warn
LA GASCOGNE .........Aug. 27. 10 a. m'
LA TOT-RALVK ...... .....;. .Sept. 3, 10 a. m'
For further particulars apply to .
COMPAGNIE .• GENERALE TRANSATIiAN-
TIQTJE. Agent. • • >
* ™ _,J"°i, J Bowling Green, New York
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montfomery
aye., San Francisco. •,., .
P59E aESI9IIfa E5l9IIfl | l The S. s.mariposa
#] [awsajyjjg^Mls via Honolulu and
Bja" ITfe-T Auckland- for Sydney
H'Oj^ijpi - —^-^ Wednesday, August 30,
vJSw SIm(HS|I!D c ' Line to COOLGAR-'
$®&W Q)M>"£W DIE - Australia, and
33P^ (S|DP3K4h CAPR TOWN. " South
* ■ A fried.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,' :
_ 114 Montgomery. St.
Freight of flee— Market St., , San Francisco. :
FOB 0. S. IfAYY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
;v; v Steamer "Monticello." .',
Mon., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and 5at............
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:80 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays .......... ...;.....l p. m . and 8:30 p. m.'
Sundays;. ...... ;..r...r.~ift : 30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and . offices— Mission Dock, : Pier 8.
- • =.;': Telephone ' Red ■ 22«. :~; -'^
i^Wn. .^l^imiW"*^*fr iT^V^"^~** ? * *-'£j^£*^^'''^^^^ft^* ' "UiJ^f^jC^i 1 ' ' "* '* "s;stti? ~' * ,'^^yj j i " n "*_y * .
Subscribers camping at localities along the line of railroads
. where, there are no postal facilities can have The Call
thrown off at their camp by sending name and location
of camp to The Call Subscription Department.
m*c,c SANTA . .
'■^S CATALINA
America's greatest field for health and pleas-
ure. Most phenomenal rod and reel fishing In
the world. The wonderful Marine Gardens:
the great stage ride: delightful coast excur-
sions; novel outdoor sports; dancing; pyrotech-
nics; water carnivals, etc. THE FAMOUS
MARINE BAND and splendid ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL METROPOLE,
Always open; modern appointments; efficient
management.
ISLAND VILLA,
Open July L Splendid arrangement for
campers.
Full information, rates, illustrated pamphlets,
Wilmington Transportation Company, i
222 South Spring st.. Los Anreles. Cal.
SARATOGA SPEK.
Lake County, Gal,
Cnrative powers of springs and mineral bath*
unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy
of access; telephone connections and daily malL
Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS, Pro-
prietor, or in San Francisco. «6 Fine street. 9.
A. BUSSE.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County, Cat.
For rest, health and pleasure. fin* water*
and baths, cleanest accommodation and table,
Paralso stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at 613 Market et., S. F., $8; trains leave dally
at Third and Townsend 8 a. m for Solcdad.
For terms and free pamphlet addreai R.
ROBERTSON. 'lanager.
OS/ it PPO H OTSFRrNGS,,Sonoraii Co
■NflJUflncl Only 4% nou " from 8. F. and
UIinUUU but 9 miles' staging; water*
Doted for medicinal virtues; best natural batS
In State: swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent climate; (rood trout
streams at door; photographers* room; tele-
phone, telegraph, daily mall; FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE;- morning and afternoon - stags*;
round trip from 8. F. only |6 50; take Tlburoa
ftrry at 7:80 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $1 a
day or $13 a week. Reference, any guest of to*
past three years. J. F. MULGREW. Prop.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
Boats lrer to quests, tine ttsujng. Excellent
table. Clean beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Trucked In the heart of th»» Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest. The Idea! spot for families because It li
clean, no poison oak. no pests. ■ And pure air
nd pure water. Address MRS. H. M CLEM-
ONS. Virginia City, before June 1. when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public
"""ft REST and HEALTH
QgCHARDSPRINCS
lathe foothills ofthe Bitrra Icvadas, nrarfolfat, cnC.f.R.K,
Plain, anltt retreat, finest ifi>nrry. rater, mountain air,
fralt, and all the year around climate ia California.
Id«I gronndi and larroondiiifrt. On R. R., 13i> miles from San Fran.
$8 a week. Open all year. Scad for Booklet.
Address: Orchard Sprlnm. Obiw> Tort, Oal.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place, is located la
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and og1«
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation:
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trlj>
ticket* at Southern Pacific offices, 110.
JOHN SPAULDINO, Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDINQ. Manager.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered horn*. . Bath house rebuilt. elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, eta
NATURAL STEAM AS & MINERAL BATHS
Tepid Swimming — ake. Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, eta Table - unsurpassed
Terms. 110 and $15 per week; 111 and %i 53 pee
a*T. R. M. HORTON. Proprietor.
TTM ~~ ~~ ~~
/lL 4*4* l No Paging to pet there.
/niH/l co fog mosanitoes cr
/**H jm. I B if. wlrds when you ars
there. Table unsurpassed.
_ Hates HO, $12, $14 a week.
C* • Round trip tickets 57. W.
Vtflf*ltflß?YO L. Mitchell. Manager;
jprings Building. en - Asent - can
CARLSBAD
MINERAL SPRINGS.
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOT IN T LAKE COUNTY.
Waters unsurpassed for STOMACH, LIVER,
KIP-NET and BLADDER affections. Round-
trip ticket direct to Carlsbad Springs, Lake
County, via S. F. and N. P. R. R.. $9. Terms,
$8 to $10 per week.
W. R. McGOVERN, Proprietor.
xjiiOi^'a/ a raffSk springs.
HOWARD PUTAH P. a.
AJIVT TT i-^mVl^ LAKE COUNTY
Accommodations unsurpassed.
Rates. $8 $10 and $12. Special term* to fam-
ilies. Postofflce and telephone.
' Round trip. $10. Southern - Pacific office, «U
Market street.
Address MRS. R. J. BEEDT,
61 n UvVU LLvli ment go hand In
Si I.H hand at HOTEL OISELMAN.
Djjl- ijH Lakeport. Cal.
'-y*3s2sr ' :. A. H. SPUR Proprietor.
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation. 600» feet.
Dally mall. Telephone • connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June L Address GOUL-
PEN & JACOBS, Dormer, Placer Co.. CaL
PARKER VINEYARD RANCH.
Natural attractions without limit. Pleasant
walks through shady canyons. Hunting and
fishing-. Table supplied with fresh vegetables,
fruits, butter, milk and eggs. A delightful
country home. Free conveyance at depot; $7
per week. JOHN D. WINTER. Cloverdale, Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious Urocte; i a .
rurcsque scenery; mountain walks; pur*
spring • water; ' beautiful drives;: pine groves
lawns and ;. gardens. The best advantage* for
those who need to . obtain comfort, rest and
health . culture In a short time. Address tic
Helena Bar.!<arium, St. Helena. Cal.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles I rom - Cazadero, on stage Una.
Good , trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk; free conveyance for parties of two or
more; grand redwood scenery. Address J
LUTTIUNGER. ■ Sea view, Sonoma County, or
apply 12. KRUSE, 207 Front at.. S. F., for par-
ticulars.. ■■;■■..'"■. . . ' ' . -J^f--
HOTEL EL BONITO.
DUNCAN'S MILLS ■ Sonoma County. Open
all year N. P. ; R. R. ; best boating, fishing.
bathing on Russian River.- Fine walks, drives
croquet, billiards, etc. ; excellent : table Terms'
JB.OO to $12.00 a week. PETER SICKELB,- pro-
prietor, or I. E. THATER, 28 California street.
El Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
PASO DE robles. California.
OTTO E. NEVER;...' Proprietor
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED
MANAGEMENT.
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
HOT MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS.
SODA SPRINGS.
IRON SPRINGS.
NEW HOTTCIi AND COTTAGES.
PAP- ORCHESTRA.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
PACIFIC
CONGRESS SPRINGS
. Santa Clara County,
Three hours from Sari :-<*ranclsco, via l«o«
Gatos; 6 months roimdtrlp ticket. S4, or via
Santa Clara, $3 50. New swimming tank. 130x75
feet, and other Improvements.
Hot and cold mineral baths.
Climate, scenery and location unequaled. "
JOHN S. MATHESON, Manager.
EILAI SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE- IN CALIFORNIA FOB
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
* springs In America; all kinds of amuse-
ments: new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
ing alley. First-class accommodations; rats*
! reasonable. Write for illustrated pamphlet*.
! Ban Francisco office, 816 Montgomery stTMC
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal.
MARK WEST SPRINGS
I The most picturesque resort In California. Hal
I the only grapevine arbor in the State; ft va-
riety of mineral springs, such as Soda, Sul-
phur,' Magnesia, Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath;
ewjmmlng pool; billiards, shuffle-board, croquet
and other games. Accommodations first class;
table good. Round-trip $3 75. Stage -meets
morning trains and Saturday evening. Terms.
$9 to $12 per week. Address FKESE & JUEH-
GENSEN.- ■ • •• - - ■
ROWARDENNAN. .
Santa Cruz Mountain* on San Lorenzo RIT«r #
t hours from S. F., 40 minutes from Pant*
Cruz; grounds and river lit by electric lights!
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishings
finest hall and dining-room in Santa Crux
Mts. : club', billiard and smoking rooms. New.
hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tele-
phone and telegraph service. Hound trip, U.
Address THOMAS L. BELL. Prop.. South Be*
Lomond. . .
LOVELY BEN LOMOND.
Park House and cottages. New management.
Fine grounds. Fish pond, boating. Grand scen-
ery. Solid comfort. Fresh milk and fruit. Livery
connected. $8 week. R. 11. BANFILL. Prop.
SPRING VALE RANCH,
Santa Cruz Mountains. Pleasure and health."
resort. Delightful walks through redwood can- I
yons. Hunting and fishing. Fresh fruit. Tabla
first-class. Free bus. - Write for pamphlet.
WHITCOMB CO.. Soquel. Cai;
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
- Finest fishing and health resort on the Coast.
For particulars write to EDSON BROS.. Bea-
wick, Slsklyou County, Col.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains, Blackburn Gulch, 5
miles from Santa Cruz; plenty of fruit on
' the ranch: good table and pleasant surround-
ings; terms $."' per week. Address W. CRAN-
. DKLL. Santa Cruz. '
The Weekly Call.
of It Publishes the Cream of th»
J News of the Week and
©< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
<J ORIGINAL; FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
O< PAPER ON TUB
~J PACIFIC COAST
3 \ // — *
■") The Best N. / Mining
■^» Telegraphic \/ New* That
01 Service on />. Is Accurate
o< The Coast / \& up to data
o| / \
©<
&l Not a Line of It Sensational
o/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
~) it Dry or Uninteresting.
©( Brlffht, Clean, A Champion of
1 Thoughtful. Truth,
j , ■ ■_!!.-■ ■
2 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPEI
*J ALL THE TIME.
O\--' ■ , "•■■• .;■.*' ■':
Z) fT ADVOCATES ! SENT BT
T) HOME MAIL, Sl.s*
«X INDUSTRIES I A YEAR.
y^o^^f^S»n n B1 .T *H« a non-pofsonotM
<2SV^^Q remedy for Gonorrhcea,
jEBgr C CBErHH Oleet. Spermatorrhoea,
Ml&3t lßltos d »- T «- Whites, unnatural dii-
gmhjf On»r»ntMd m charges, or any inflatnmi"
l*l not V"";"!- ~" l l? ' irritation or ulcer*.
frtTeßU oonttgioo. t!on of mucous mem-
f^VtTHEEvANS ChehlßuOq, branes. Non-astringent.
ifIHLOINOINMTI.O Sold by OrugjliU,
lE^k V.B.'x.rjgSr.o* nt la plain wrapper,
. ••-^SiHajK^v ■ Circular §eat on rtquwl.
1516
IT WAS THE
GOVERNOR'S
BUSY DAY
The Democratic High
Joints Grind Axes.
AGNEWS OFFICIALS SCORED
GIVEN A LECTTJRE BY THE
EXECUTIVE.
Inquiries Concerning the Recent
Shotgun Marriage Between
Miss Democracy and Mr.
Populist Paity.
The headquarters of Adjutant Gen
eral Barrett in the Palace Hotel bore
a distinctly political aspect during the
greater part of yesterday on account
of the presence of a number of Demo
cratic high jo: /its who were there to
wait upon Governor Budd. The busi
ness end of several Democratic news-
papers were also represented, the ob-
ject In view b>ing the securing of the
contract for the printing of several
proposed constitutional amendments
and the regular election proclamation.
Early in th~ day Trustee Hale and
. ; Medical Director Sponogle of Agnews
Insane Asylum paid the Governor a
formal call for the purpose of laying
before him a transcript of the evidence
taken, recently by the board of trustees
of the asylum in connection with the
charges made against Dr. Sponogle. It
•was expected that Truat.ee Gould would
. also be present, hut he failed to put in
an, appearance,-, much to the regret of
Hale and Sponogle, though the Gov
■ ernor displayed no visible evidences of
regret because of the non-arrival of
the'gentleman who Is credited with ap
plying the beautiful coat of whitewash
• that How. covers the moral defects in
the administration of affairs at Ag
news. The transcript of evidence was
given to the Governor, and will be
presented by him to the Lunacy Com
mission for 1 consideration.
Both Dr. Sponogle and Trustee Hale
attempted to impress upon the mind
of the Governor the alleged fact that
the investigation conducted by the
board of trustees was fun and com
plete, and demonstrated beyond doubt
that the charges against the medical
director were without foundation. The
Governor dt«cMn-xl to take this view of
the case and informed the gentlemen
that the Lunacy Commission Intended
to carry on an entirely independent in
vestigation, which he hoped would re-
BUlt in r be compteto exoneration of all
accused officials. If the contrary hap
pened to be the case action of a sum
mary kin^ might be expected.
Incidentally the Governor gave his
visitors some good political advica, and
from this point of view directed their
attention to some of the mistakes that
have been made in the administration
of affairs at the asylum. It may be that
he saw fit to go even deeper into the
matter, tor when the officials emerged
from the presence they presented the
appearance of two bad boys who had
just been mixed up with the sole of
the parental slipper. It may be that it
was th* anticipation of some such thing
that deterred Trustee Gould from par
ticipating in the interview. He is a
master hand at applying the rod, but
le naturally averse to exposing" him
self to any sort of castigatinn.
John F. Kidder the Debris Commis-
eioner, made a brief call on the Gov-
ernor during the forenoon. They held
a short executive cession on matters
political, after which AY. W. Foote,
Yosemite Commissioner and candidate
for United States Senator, was given
a chance to tell the Governor about the
merit, as an advertising medium, of the
newspaper owned by one of hia per
sonal friends and political henchmen.
State Library Trustee A. B. Lemmon of
Santa Rosa also dropped in to see what
was being done in the way of official ad
vertising, as veil as to make a few
timely suggestions concerning the lay
ing of pipes for the programmers at
the State convention. A. J. Clunie, In
surance Commissioner, called in for a
word with the chief executive, presum
ably on the subject of the apportion
ment of election printing. Clunie Is
Baid to be a candidate for the nomina
tion for Assessor, though this fact Is
not presumed to have any connection
with hip visit to the Governor.
Patrick Reddy and Peter Shields
dropped In to see the Governor during
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
EIJZEMAJORST KIND
Face and Neck One Inflammation.
- .-' Not Able to See. Unable to
Sleep fop Weeks from
. • ; Severe Pain. •
• Friends Did Not Recognize Me
i Face So Swollen and Hideous.
Three Doctors Could
' Not Relieve.
. CURED IN 2 WEEKS BY CUTICURA
, ■ I have Buffered with a case of Eczema, of
tbe worst kind, my face and neck down to my
shoulders were one Inflammation, was not
able to see out of my eyes for quite a while,
and was unable to sleep for weeks, on account
of the severe pain, which nearly drove me in-
. Bane. My face and neck were swollen and
made me look hideous. I hardly recognized
• myself in a mirror, and my friends would
not havo known me, only on account of my
- clothes and carrying myself. /
Three doctors, of good practice, at different
times were attending me, and not one of
them could relieve me of my pain, swelling,
»nd blotches. I gave all up. A friend advised
me to try Ctttioura Remedies. I did, and
• there was immediately a great change, my
shoulders and neck turning to their natural
color. I used three bottles of Cimcun a Rb-
BOLVknt, four boxes Cuticcba (ointment),
three cakes of Cutiodha Soap, and my friends
and one of the doctors are surprised, and asked
'. ••'Who cured you?!' and I tell them -quickly
•• Cuticcka Remedies." J. V. KAFKA,
March 4, 1897. 33 Schole St., Brooklyn, N. Y.
GUTICURA WORKS WONDERS
OcnotTßA Remedies hare effected the mottwonderrbj
'CQrei of torturing, dltfigurlng. humiliating «Un, unlp,
•ad blood homon,wlta lots of hair, er«r recorded. They
afford iniUnt relief, permit rat and ileep. and point to a
■peedy, permanent, »nd economical cure, when the belt
phyiicltni, ho# pital*. and all else fail.
Bp»idt Cni Tbx atkikt fob Tostxbiko, Dibtio-
. CBixa Hrvotf.— Warm bttht with Cmcrw Soaf,
,* gentle anointing! with Ccticcka [nlntment], pureit of
emollient tkln cum, and mild dctet of Cuticdka Rb-
• so: vekt. greatest of blood purifiers and humor cure*.
Bold throughout the world. Fotteb Dbco asd Cbxic.
Cor.f.. Sole Propt., Pottos. . ■ .
car " How to Cora Torturing Skin Dlmum." free.
TORE UP THE TRACKS OF THE GARS
Huntington's Antiquated One-Horse Vehicles Will Run on
Market Street No More.
Huntingdon's rickety, antiquated, one
horsn bobtail cars will run on Market
street no more. Early yesterday morning
Street Superintendent Ambrose, »vith a
force of nearly 200 men, carried out tho
programme as outlined in yesterday's Call
and tore up tho tracks over which the
horsu cars on Market street jolted along.
By dark the removed rails were stowed
in the corporation yard, and to-morrow
the rough cobbles That for ages have
served as a pavement along the line of
the removed tracks will be taken up, and
ir. their place a smooth bitumen roadway
will be laid as fast as the work can be ac
complished.
Mayor Phelan issued an order to th«
Superintendent of Streets shortly before
midnight on Friday, directing him to re
move the objectionable rails on Market
street, and that official lost no time in
obeying the order. Couriers wera sent
out at once to assemble the force em
ployed by the Street Department, and by 9
o'clock yesterday morning nearly 200 men
armed with the necessary tools were
ready for duty.
No time was lost In commencing the
work of removing the rails. Tho men
were divided in gangs, each gang taking
a line oi rails, and a start was made at
the point where the tracks turn into San
some street from Market. Just une hour
and twenty -two minutes after thetirst rail
was removed the last one, at the corner
Of Sixth street, was lifted from the ties.
The work had been accomplished and no
resistance had been made by the railroad
company.
A copy of the Mayor's order to "the Su
perintendent of Streets, directing him to
tear up the rails, is as follows:
SAX FRANCISCO, July 29. IS9B.
Hon. 'William F. Ambrose, Superintendent of
Streets— Dear 31r: By resolution No. 1451,
fourth series, th? Market-street Railway Com
pany was required by the Hoard of Supervisor*
to remove the outside tracks 'of the street rail
way now operated by horse cars under th#ir
management on or before the 6th day of Au
ffust, IS9S. In a communication received from
the said company this day, and addressed to
the members of the Board of Supervisors, to
yourself and to me, it appears that the said
Market-street Railway Company "declines and
refuses to remove the said tracks, or any part
thereof, from said Market . street," thereby
waiving the ten days' notice given them in
which to act, and it now devolves upon you to
exeecute the orders of the Board of Supervis
ors. I therefore hereby direct you to proceed
and remove the tracks in accordance with the
resolution of the Board of Supervisors to-mor
row, Saturday, July 30. yours respectfully,
JAMES IX PHELAIC,
Mayor and ex-offlclo President of the Board
of Supervisors.
the forenoon, and Major Frank Mc-
Laughlin stepped in for a moment to
inquire about the legality of the recent
shotgun marriage between Miss Dem
ocracy and Mr. Populist Party. He was
informed that the bridegroom shows no
signs of a desire to deny the paternity
of the Little Giant baby and that there
is some talk of a divorce. The child
has been given fifteen days in which to
acknowledge its father.
There were many other callers at the
apartments of the executive during the
day, so many, in fact, that there was
no need for a "This is my busy day"
sign.
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
The Supreme Lodge of the Order Will
Hold Its First Session in This
City To-Morrow.
The first session of the Supreme Liodge
of the Friends of the Forest, an orgn.niza
tion which has been in existence about
two years, will be held in Washington
Hall in this city, commencing to-morrow
night and continuing at least three
nights.
There will be iwenty-s'x delegates to
represent the several lodges, and the prin
cipal business will be the preparation of
laws for the government of the order and
devising ways and means to extend its
sphere of usefulness as well at> to incul
cate a social and fi-aternal feeling; also
electing officers for the ensuing term.
The officers of the supreme body are:
Mrs. A. Boehm. past president; Mrs. H.
M. Gingles, president; Mrs. V. Marshall,
vice-president; Mrs. Lena Scholten, r-hap
laln; Mrs. E. McLane, secretary; Mrs. J.
K. Mack, treasurer; Mrs. Simons, mar
shal: Mrs. Bruehens, guard; Mrs. Neal,
sentinel.
New System of Phonography.
Mrs. Julia Barrett of Sacramento, who
for the past fifteen years has been en
gaged in perfecting a system of phonog
raphy by which eho is able to reproduce
the Chinese language phonetically, gave
an exhibition of her success in teaching
the system before the school of the Chi
nese consulate on Stockton street yes
terday afternoon.
Without herself understanding the Chi
nese language Mrs. Barrett is able to
take down In shorthand what Is road to
her, and then by giving to the characters
their respective sounds reproduces exact
ly what she has heard.
Mrs. Barrett has obtained the consent
of the Chinese Vice-Consul to teach the
system in the school of the consulate in
this city and devotes an hour each day
thereto. She Is also teaching a number of
mission workers and hopes eventually to
have the system introduced in the pub
lic schools of San Francisco, she claiming
that the system can be used In taking
down any language.
H. G. Vaughan, son of H. W. Vaughan,
the pioneer photographer of San Fran
cisco, and Mrs. Alma E. Keith have
opened a new photographic Btudio at 14
Grant avenue, where they will be pleased
to meet their many friends at their open
ing next Friday and Saturday, August 5
and 6. •
Charles Colman Sued.
Tyndall Bishop has sued Charles Col
man, surviving partner of Colman
Bros., hatters, for $8265 35, alleged to be
due for goods sold and delivered.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., STTSDAY, JULY 31, 1898.
Accompanying the order was the fol
lowing letter giving reasons why imme
diate action should be taken:
SAN FRANCISCO. July 29. IS9B.
Hon. William F. Ambrose. Superintendent of
Streets— Dear Sir: Referring to my communi
cation of to-day, I desire to Inform you that,
pursuant to resolution 1431, the Board of Su
pervisors intends to invite proposals for the
work of paving that part of Market 6treet to
be vacated by the horse car tracks at its meet
ing- next Monday, August 1. when you ■will
please have specifications ready as required by
said resolution. You will thus see the neces
sity of having the tracks removed to-morrow,
in order that the city may be in possession of
the. street when tho bids are invited. Yours
truly, JAMES D. PHELAN,
Mayor and ex-offlcio President of the Board of
Supervisors.
Mayor Phclan in support of his action
and of the order he gave to the Superin
tendent of Streets said:
"The ten days' notice given by the
Board of Supervisors to the railroad com
pany to take up Its tracks was a mere
courtesy and was not required by law.
The ten days' notice to pave between the
tracks and rails is required by law. When
the railroad yesterday notified us that
they declined and refused to remove the
tracks, of course they waived their notice
and in order to carry out the resolution of
the Board of Supervisors I directed the
Superintendent or Streets to remove the
tracks to-day. By this proceeding, the
city being in possession of the street, can
now Invite bids for the paving of it next
Monday as Intended. Otherwise, it would
mean long delay and raise legal questions
as to contemplated paving contract.
"As to the horse car tracks, I read be
tween the lines of the communication of
the railroad people that they have no au
thority to maintain the tracks under Sec
tion 499 of the Civil Code, and the Board
had no right to grant such a privilege on
Market street; and, secondly, that by rea
son of the fact that they have abandoned
portions of the horse car road, as on
Grant avenuo and other streets, they have
forfeited the whole franchise. .
"I sincerely trust, in the interest of the
city alone,, that the company will now
pave between its tracks and for two feet
outside of their outer rail without any
compulsion. I do not believe that there is
any Intention on the part of the Super
visors to insist upon the repaying of the
concrete cable road bed, nor do I believe
that they, should be justified in so doing.
It looks now as though wo would have a
smooth and noißeless pavement on Mar
ket street between Second and Sixth
streets."
The action of the Superintendent of
Streets was so unexpected by the street
car company that several of their cars
were caught along that part of the track
that was token up, and several of them
were left along tne street with no rails
to run over to reach the carhouse. At
one point along the line five cars were
SPANISH EDITOR
IS UNGRATEFUL
Yankee Advertisements
Fill His Paper.
BITES THE HAND THAT FEEDS
ITS EDITORIAL COLUMNS TEEM
WITH ABUSE OF AMERICA.
Sample of the Fables With Which
Spanish Courage Is Stimu
lated and Patriotism
Kept Alive.
A flagrant case of Americana (giving aid
and comfort to a Spanish newspaper
which is upholding the cause of Spain in
the war with the United States has come
to light with the arrival of El Comercio
de San Franciscco, published in San Sal
vador, Central America. The paper was
formerly published In this city, but # Just
before the war broke out between the two
countries the editor moved lilb traps out
of the sty of "Yankee pigs," as his coun
trymen delight to call Americans, and
took up his abode in Central America,
The Issues of the paper to which atten
tion is called are those of May B and 22,
1898. They are filled with abuse of Amer
icans and of the United States, and yet
the columns contain advertisements from
well known business men in this city.
Among them are the California Wine As
sociation, corner of Second and Folsom
streets; Garcia & Mugglni, commission
merchants; W. W. Montague & Co., San
Francisco Bulletin, Cyrus Noble Bourbon
Whisky, Hotel Occidental, Guillermo B.
Hooper proprietor; Bacigolupi's Phono
graph Parlors; Union Pacific Railroad, by
D. W. Hitchcock, No. 1 Montgomery
street; Pacific Mail Steamship Company,
Hotel Langham and others.
In the issue of the paper in which these
advertisements appear are scurrilous ar
ticles, original and selected, from the
most violent of the newspapers of Madrid.
In the issue of the 22d is an article head
ed, "Donde esta un Espanol esta Eepana."
(Where there is a Spaniard, there is
Spain.) The following translation shows
the nature of the stuff which has been
dealt out by Spanish newspapers to that
small portion of the Spanish public that'
can read:
La Correspondencia Mllitar of Madrid relates
the following eplßode in which the worthy
Slgnor Eulate, commander of the cruiser Vlz
caya, certainly bore an honorable part. "A
half-hour before the cruiser Vizcaya left the
port of New York more than 10,000 Yankees,
the greater number of whom were jingoes,
were waiting for the ship to weigh anchor with
bunched up on a stretch of track discon
nected from any part of {he company's
system. The cars were hauled and pushed
over the cobbles to the nearest tracks
that they could reach and sent to the
stables.
A car was left to run up and down on
Sansome street and another was detailed
to Jolt over the uneven rails on Sixth
street,. The conductors of the cars on
Sansomo and Sixth streets were Instructed
to issue transfers to the Market-street
cars, bo that connections could be made
between the two ends of the broken bob
tail line.
Tho threat of the railroad, company car
ried no fears to Mayor Phelan. "The
public interest demands tnat tho objec
tionable tracks bo removed," he said. "I
do not think that the threat of a suit of
damages against public officials should
deter them from doing their duty
and from acting In < a matter of
so much importance ■ to the city.
It is well known that the Market-street
Railway Company will sustain no dam
ages from the removal of the tracks, as
it as been admitted by the officers of the
company that the removed line has for
years been operated at a loss."
Superintendent of Streets Ambrose said
he simply carried out the orders of the
Mayor in removing the tracks. "Tho
Market-street Railway Company," ho
said, "has no franchise to operate the
line, and it was perfectly proper for the
city to remove the rails from the street."
The Southern Pacific Company was sur
prised yesterday when the action of Su
perintendent of Streets Ambrose was
brought to its attention. They had not
looked for such premature action, think
ing that the city officials would not tear
up the rails until the expiration of the
time allotted them for tho removal of the
tracks. - ■ •:
Nothing has as yet been * determined by
the railroad company to offset the action
of the city. - Mr. Herrin, attorney for the
Southern Pacific,' said s yesterday:. "Tno
city officials- have acted rather hastily in
this matter. I think 1 the Market-street
Railway Company has been very reason
able in the attitude which it assumed and
to which it adheres. They may tear up
the tracks but they cannot tear up the
franchise. That still remains to us. I
have not given the matter much thought
being occupied during the entire day with
other business. An action will certainly
lie against the city for damages. There
has been a clear and distinct violation of
the contract obligations of the franchise
and we will stand by tho terms of our
contract. The protest that the Market
street Railway served upon the Supervis
ors, the Mayor and the Superintendent
of Streets cannot be considered In the
nature of a waiver. That is absurd. It
was merely a protect— warning that we
wished to give to the city officials before
they hastily rushed Into action."
a design whi"h they afterward clearly showed "
After reciting the fact that the Vizeaya pro
ceeded ■•majestically" out of the port, the ac
count goes on to say that as Soon v the ves
sel rtnrted on her way the thousand* of Yan
kees in port '•began hissing in a mamner 30
boisterous that the sailors of our ship in spite
of the work which they were doing could not
help noticing the discourteous leave-taking
Penor Eulato noticed the demonstration Ini
mediatel/ and promptly gave the necessary
orders to take the Vizeaya back to port. A
few minutes later the cruiser anchored in the
farr,i> spot which she had formerly occupied
Almost lnptuntly the hisses of the Yankees
ceased. Sennr Eulate then Bald to hLs men.
I am going on shore entlr«ly alone. Whf-n
you hear the report of a revolver let loose your
puns upon the city. Then the commander of
the Vlzcaya landed and walked calmly among
the multitude which had hissed before, and
without hearing a sound of disrespect the
brave sraman returned to the cruiser and she
weight anchor. There was not a single hiss."
Another nrtlele pjreaking disrespectfully of
the people of the L'nited States is headed "Tn
the Country of Bfirmim." Over a big picture
representing the battleship Maine being blown
up by a submarine mine, the mine and the
wire from Mnrro Castle being shown, is the
heading, "The Pretext for the Wnr of Inter
vention." fnderneath, after ridiculing the id^a
that the ship was blown up !n that way. the
paper nays, "We must remember this Maine.
Spaniards and Americans, all our lives."
The editor and proprietor pot his start
In San b ranrlsco from Yankee patronage
The advertisements In his paper of San
Francisco advertisers outnumber all the
others. In justice to the advertisers In
this city it must be stated that they wero
not aware of the attitude of El Comercio
In the present war. otherwise they would
nave lonp apo withdrawn their 'support
V""" 1 this pro-Spanish Yankee hating
Three Hundred Spaniards Killed.
If 300 AMERICANS can kill 300
SPANIARDS in 300 days, how many
Americans will it take to kill 10' Span
lards In 100 days? One Thousand Dol
lars will be paid to the pc -wns answer
ing the above problem correctly Many
other prizea of value. All of which will
be announced In the next issue of Un
ion's Illustrated Weekly. As a positive
guarantee as to my reliability I refer
to any mercantile or commercial
agency. As the object of offering these
prizes Is to attract attention to my pop
ular family magazine, each person an
swering must inclose with their answer
five two-cent stamps (or ten cents sil
ver) for sample number containing full
particulars. Send to-day. To be first
Is a laudable ambition; you may secure
the thousand dollars. Ten dollars In
gold will be paid for the best original
problem, to be published In a future
number. Address C. M. Upton, 324
Dearborn St., Chicago, 111. •
General Friedrichs' New Territory.
General R. A. Friedrichs of this city has
returned from Washington, D. C.,"with
his commission In his inside pocket as
United States Attorney for the district of
Alaska. Taking its starting point at
Sitka on the south, the northern bound
ary of the district extends to the top
notch of the north pole and several un
discovered miles on the other side.
When General Friedrichs intends to ap
pear in court in Circle City he must make
up his mind to be absent from home for
four months and travel "by water a dis
tance of 5000 miles and a like number on
his return. His jurisdiction and duties
vary acordlng to the complex nature of
the settlers in the district. He will leave
for Alaska on August 15.
Advances mode on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
OREGON HOUSE
A FIRE TRAP
Depraved and Vicious
Were Its Patrons.
ROOMS WERE ONLY BOXES
FIVE VICTIMS HAVE BEEN
FULLY IDENTIFIED.
Injured Survivors, With One Excep
tion, Are Out of Danger — Morbid
Crowd Visits the
Morgue.
In all probability the five unfortunates
who perished in the fire and smoke at the
Oregon lodging house night before last
never realized that death was upon them
when they groped blindly and sleepily
for an exit from the fire trap in which
they lodged. It was a ten-cent looping
house, patronized only by outcasts, the
moral and physical derelicts of Barbary
Coast and the water iront. Occasionally,
perhaps, an honest laborer, with but a
dime left, would seek shelter there for a
single night, but he would never return a
second time. For the past five years the
place has been known to the police as a
rendezvous for morphine and opium
fiends, vagrants and drunkards of both
sexes, and when the fire broke out nearly
all were in a drunken stupor or dazed by
drugs. One of the survivors, whose In
juries may yet prove fatal. Illustrates
this. He says he heard a racket for sev
eral minutes before he got out of his bunk,
but thought nothing of it. Then he heard
the crackling of the ilames and noticed
tue odor of smoke, and thinking some
thing was wrong got up and went to the
window. He saw the tire pouring out of
the open hall uoor and started to go
downstairs. Opening his door he was en
gulfed in flames, but he ran through to the
rear end of the hall on to the porch ard
jumped into the back yard. He managed
to drag himself out of there and was pent
to the Harbor Hospital.
The building wus a veritable death trap,
with only a narrow stair leading to the
street. The two upper floors, about ?5x50
feet, liad been partitioned off into boxt
which were called rooms. There wero
fourteen of these on each floor, and ;Le
dilapidated beds, the only furniture In
them, occupied all the space. Lodgers
were evidently expected to bring their
own bedding or sleep in their wearing ap
parel. The ground floor was occupied
by Chinese fruit and vegetable peddlers
as a storeuom and sleeping apartment.
It Is supposed a lamp exploded down
stairs, and the dry wood was soon aflame.
In another instant the flre reached the
Stairway and shot upward, shutting off
the only exit from the lodging house.
The damage to the building Is not very
great, the lire having been confined to the
hallways. The doors t the sleeping
ri ioins were burned and t..e inmates were
suffocated while they slept or burned to
death in endeavoring to get down the
stulrs.
Charles Holmes, the crippled newspaper
vendor, was found on the floor in his
room. He lay partially under the bed.
In the debris yesterday near the door hta
two crouches were found. Both wero
broken, indicating that he had made fran
tic efforts to escape a fiery death.
Joseph Cuneo. who owns a number of
such buildings as the one burned and haa
grven the fire department endless trouble
by constantly violating the rtre ordinances.
Is the owner of the shack. He bought It
several years ago aj.il immediately con
verted it into a cheap lodging house, Cu
neo has already made preparations to re
new the partitions in tho house. Tt was
built about forty years ago and at one
time was a popular boarding: house under
the management of John Hogan. Hogan
sold out and went into the insurance bus
iness. Cuneo had no insurance on the
property, probably because no company
would write a policy on it.
Edward M. Kennedy, one of the injured
who was taken to tho Harbor Receiving-
Hospital, has only one leg. He was asleep
on the top floor when aroused by the cry
of "Fire." He opened his door and dashed
toward the stairs without waiting to get
his wooden peg which he usually wore.
In going down the stairs he fell headlong
into the flames, but he managed to hobble
to thn rear porch and let himself down a
ladder into the back yard, where he was
found by the firemen. He had no cloth
ing and was carried out to the street and
covered with an old quilt until the am
bulance came and took him to the hos
pital. Kennedy Is very badly burned about
the body and his injuries may prove fatal.
He and John King, whose burns are also
HALL IN THE OREGON HOUSE.
very severe, were taken to the City and
County Hospital yesterday afternoon.
Mrs. Sflva, Chris Christiansen and Pat
rick Donohue. who were taken to the hos
pital from the fire, were able to go to
the homes of relatives and friends. None
of the three lntter are seriously injured.
All day yesterday there was a stream of
people climbing the stairs to the Coro
ner's office on Merchant street. Some
were prompted by morbid curiosity, oth
ers were friends of the dead, but all came
with the one request— they wished to en
ter the gloomy portals of the dead house
a few doors below, where lay five charred
and blackened bodies in the plain coffins
which have been used to convey hun
dreds of bodies of unfortunate dead. Few
were allowed to enter. The bodies had
already been identified, and there was no
need of exposing them to the eagor and
curious throng. In a few days they will
be buried, and those who were their
friends will have the opportunity of tak
ing thp last look at them before the earth
closes over them forever— not as they are
now blackened, distorted, disfigured, but
neatly cleaned and prepared for a decent
burial
Late in the afternoon came two who
stood apart from the rest. They gave
no names, but their names would be
known only to the few who frequent
what Is known as "the coast," but
they deserve a high place in the roll
of honor. Both were poorly dressed and
gave evidence of being women to whom
dollars are precious. They had been
friends of Kate Connoly in life, and came
to proffer their services and what money
they could raise toward giving her a
burial. . . .
"I have been around seeing my friends,"
said one of them, "and have raised a lit
tle money to pay for the funeral. All
have given a dollar. None refused or
grumbled. I have very little money my
self, but I will manage to spare $5. I
knew Kate, and now that she's gone I'll
do my best for her."
All the victims of the holocaust, with
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOMESTIC
• DEPARTMENT!
We call attention to our very large
and complete stock of FINE HOUSE-
KEEPING GOODS, and will offer EXTRA
VALUES this week in QUILTS ana
BLANKETS.
(2 cases full size Satin Finis.h
$1.75 Each \ White Bedspreads. New de-
/* A/v r I ( 5 cases extra size Marseilles Bed-
s2.oo Each ) reads ' both white " and " col -
a r i (-1 case fine White English
nZ id r RPR ) Beds P reads - Extra quality and
- _/
/t» aa r I '( 2 cases White English Bedspreads, '•
\\ On rPIPn Isatin1 satin finish and very handsc ? l6 . 6
n'i ( 175 pairs Fine White California
Vs Aft Pair \ Blankets, full size.' and pure
tpd.vv Tall ( wool. . •
/i»> a n i ( 200 pairs extra size Golden ■ Gate
\u fills KQir < White Blankets, pure. Australi ail
Xr A Rnir J4O P airs Chenille Portieres, good
tOvTflll ( assortment of colors. .
EXTRA SPECIAL—
50 dozen White Hemmed Linen Tea Cloths, sizes
84x34 and 36x36.
Price, 4Oc Each.
111. 113, 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET. '
two exceptions, will probably be buried
by the city.
"Lighty White" was identified as Ar
thur Bartram, aged 35. a native of Ens
land. He was a longshoreman. J. Ha-i
galupi has given an order to an under
taker to give the body a decent burial.
Kate Connoly was an outcast, about 35
years old and was well known to the
police. She was recently released from
! fri? 00 K Se !« 0 { Co . rrectl °n- Her mother is
said to be living in Oakland.
Charles A. Holmes, aged 50, was a well
known figure at the ferry, where he has
for years sold newspapers.
Frank Kelly, aged 24. and Robert Kern,
aged 26, were both longshoremen. In the
first list of the dead Kern's name was
printed as Joseph Hansen. Kelly's
brother who was with him in the Oreg"on
House, but escaped, is taking up a sub
scription along the front to give his
brother a Christian burial.
Policeman's Sudden Death.
Policeman John D. Long died at his res
idence. 229 Kearny street, early yesterday
morning from pneumonia. He asked to
be excused from duty Thursday, ns he
was not feeling well, and Friday night he
was compelled to take to his bed. He
died a few hours later. He joined the
force on August 1, 1893. A widow and a
boy about six years of age nru left to
mourn his loss.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Charles H. Herrington has filed suit
against Debora A. Herrington for a di
vorce. As a cause of action the plain
tiff alleges desertion.
Soledad Esqueda has sued Miguel Es
queda for a divorce, alleging failure to
provide as a cause of complaint.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush, Larkln Bts. ; swlmmln; Russian, hot and
cold tub baths; Bait water direct from ocean.
».. v . -_ Estates in. Probate. 1.1. . __
Francesca H. Beckedorff has applied for
letters of administration upon the estate
of George H. L. Beckedorff, who died on
the 6th inst., leaving property valued at
$525. Eugenio Tempc-tl has applied for
letters upon the estate of G. Jaccherl,
which is valued at $125. John Hoeni-s has
applied for letters of administration upon
the estate of John Busby. Busby left
thi--- city in February of 1850, and since
that time no word has ever been received
from him. Inquiries have failed to re
veal his whereabouts, and in consequence
a settlement of his estate is desired. Th«
value of the missing man's estate is un
known. Letters are also askM for by
Mr. Hoenes upon the estate of Joseph \V.
Hall, who, like Busby, disappeared many
years ago and has not since been heard
from. The value of his estate is also un
known.
Tilltapper Sentenced.
Morris Monheimer, the young man who
tapped the till in the cigar store on Pow
ell and O'Farrell streets Friday morning,
pleaded guilty to petty larceny yesterday
and was sentenced to six months in tha
County Jail by Judge Mogan. He recently
made himself conspicuous; by tampering
with the witnesses in the case of Joseph.
Reid, the "dark secret" charged with
grand larceny.
ADVERTISEMENTS. -. :
-♦-o-*o-»-o-*o -♦- o -♦■ o ♦ o -»-o -♦-
o CASH-OR-LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. ,0 .-.'•.
o ,^™^^^™
I ROLLER=TOP DESK \
I And Revolving Chair. l\
o' The Set Next Week $15. '^'.
0 Is there any excuse now for a O -T '
♦ business man being without a ♦
O desk when our price and terms are O ~: -'■:.
♦ low enough for the poorest? 4.
O The Roller-Top De.-<k is of polished. O
*• Cut gives fair Idea. Chair is of oak— A.
O high-back and arms, cane seat. Th© Q
° combination if bought next week.*ls.Oo V
♦ J. NOON AN, I
♦ Complete House-Furnisher, ♦
2 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST, J
q . Above Sixth. O
♦ Phone South 14. Open Evenings. ♦
O O
-♦o-«-o-»-o-»-o-»- o-* o -♦■ o-*-o-»-o-»-o-»'
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
*(£ Tag Full Set of Teeth
#1^ 7«^ - extracting free $50oap
<o Gold Crowns 22k. f 3 50 up
£?~Zttit>£t'B?~ V" Fillings ... 35 as. up
:^-yffiy^> O- Open Hvenings& Sundays
S^#J^^TB „ YAW VROOM
/♦f/TjIVV Electro Dental Parlors
•4© I^N Sixth and Market
Dr. G W. Klelser, Prop.
Radway's Ready Relief for Spra'.ns. . Brulsea, V
Bore Muscles, Cramps, Burns, Sunburns, Back- S
ache. Headache, Toothache, Rheumatism, Neu- . -
ralgia, Lumbago. Internally for - all Bowel
Pains. Colic. ' Diarrhoea, . Dysentery, Cholera
Morbus and Sickness, Nausea, ate. . Ail dru*.
(lets. ■.■■■-: .LET ME GO BACK TO MY
HOME AND PEOPLE
•*We were the most civilized race in the Pacific. We belonged to the
family of nations. Our representatives were to be found in every
. cpurt. We had ... 1 the machinery of modern government, our peo
: pie were educated and knew how to vote intelligently. It is a very
.different thing from annexing a colony of another nation or captur
ing a group of savage islands like the Philippines. Hawaii has a
jUst- claim to the preservation of her State rights. If the nation is to
be absorbed by the United States, then it should be admitted to the
Union, and the Hawaiians should be granted the same rights and
privileges as are accorded to any other portion of the race."
THERE is a look of settled melan
choly on the Queen's face. She
baa the air of one wearied of her
I :,. disheartened at the abso
"; lute failure which has attended
her hei oio efforts. There is noth
ing royal about her surroundings, yet
' something of the dignity of majesty
• ren?: r. Seated In an ordinary
hotel parlor, -without throne or crown
or any other royal appurtenance, she
still looks a Queen.' The place is fur
nished in the usual way, even the fold
ing bed m the corner, striving with un
blushing mendacity to look like a ward
robe, has not been spared. Liluokalanl
is attended by no suite; she was alone
when I entered.
Colonel Macfarlane, the Queen's busl
. ness man (I was almost going to say
buiness manaeer), would make an ad
mirable courtier. He has the suave,
polite manner, the polished, easy ad
dress of. your man of the world, ac
customed to move In high social circles.
"Your Majesty," says the colonel,
bowing low, his highly polished silk hat
In his hand. Though a Queen without
a kingdom, Lilu.okalani'3 title is pre-
Corvad *• !»«<•» - "JTore'-ls- a, gwntJ^Tnan
who wishes to talk of your native
land."
It was a neat way of recqmmendlng
me to the Queen's good graces. No
subject could be dearer to her heart
than her land, and people, the beautiful
Isles of which she has been despoiled,
her subjects over •whom she may no
longer rule.
A smile of welcome lightens up the
■weary face as the Queen holds out h»r
ha-nd with stately grace. Though her
features are distinctly Polynesian,
though she has the broad lips and the
Bnub nose of her race, LiluokcJani is
not at all C-.rk in color. Just a faint
tinge of brown not more than many a
Mexican has. Her English is perfect,
though she speaks slowly, with the
Blightest possible foreign intonation.
"Yes, my people," she sighs. "It is
long since I have been with
them. The two years which I have
spent In Washington seem like an age
to me. It has been such hard work,
too, and the climate has tried me very
much. I have no complaint to make
about your Washington officials. They
treated me most kindly. They gave
me the place of honor at the inaugura
tion ceremonies, and every one re
ceived me In a friendly spirit. But all
my work has gone for nothing.
"I was just on the point of success.
The annexation scheme, I am sure, was
defeated, when the war came. The
Whole situation changed at once. The
military spirit of the peuple swept
away all considerations of right and
justice, and I could do nothing. That
is why I am going home to my people
to explain why I failed; to show them
that I hove done all I could for their
liberty; to tell them how their Inde
pendence was lost; to advise them to
submit patiently to fate."
"Then your Majesty will not com -
mand your subjects to oppose the
America ri rule?"
"I have no longer the right to com
mand. They are not my subjects now;
they are my people. But lam con
fident th<Mr love and respect for me
are as deep as Over. They will " what
I tell them. I know that any active
opposition to annexation would be fu
tile, and I should be sorry to lead my
people into difficulties. Unless they
take steps of their own accord, I shall
do nothing. If they hold a great mass
meeting, as Is the native custom, and
call upon me by an overwhelming vote
to oppose annexation, I will, of
course, help them all In my power."
"Where does your Majesty propose to
ttve when in Hawaii?"
*I shall, of course, travel about the
Islands a good der.l and visit my people
and care for their welfare. But when
at homo I will Hve in my own house at
WaFhlngton place, where my dear hus
band and I Hp^nt so many happy years.
It is one of the finest houses in Hono
lulu, you know."
"Doea your Majesty expect to re-
"Before this war broke out I had every hope that I would come
into my own again. If annexation had been defeated the
movement for the restoration of the monarchy would have
gained strength enough to sweep the republic away. My
people never voted for tee republic, but at least 75 per
ctnt of them would have voted for my return to the throne. Every
thing new depends on the manner in which the commissioners the
United States is sending to Hawaii settle the government. If they
treat my people well and give them the full measure of liberty
which they deserve all will be right.
THE CALL Sunday Edition
EX- QUEEN LiLIUGKULANI fibtlAWAl].
gain the crown lands which were taken
from you by the republic?"
Now the financial question is a deli
cate one to touch on with the Queen,
and I felt some hesitation in putting
such a query. It Is well known that
the royal estates, which brought in a
revenue of some $100,000 annually, were
confiscated by the republic, and not
one penny of compensation has ever
been paid to the Queen.
"I do not know," 'she replied. "I can
not tell what will be done with the
property of which I was so unjustly
deprived. But I am pure that a great
and honorable nation like the United
States will not treat me with injus
tice."
"Her Majesty." put In Colonel Mac
fariane, as one better competent to doal
with figures, "has relied entirely on her
own resources since the revolution.
Many kind friends have offered hell),
but she has refused all financial aid.
Her expenses at Washington have, of
course, been very heavy, and she h£§
had to mortgage her private property
to obtain funds. I am sure the Ameri
can nation would never allow the
Queen, whom they have deprived of
her country, to sink into poverty. You
know when a proposal for annexation
was made under the Harrison admin
istration it was intended to offer the
Queen ample compensation for the loss
of her crown. Now that annexation is
an actual fact some proposal of a simi
lar nature will be made."
"Before this war broke out," said the
Queen. "I had every hope that I would
come into my own again. If annexa
tion had been defeated the movement
for the restoration of the monarchy
would have gained strength enough to
Bweep the republic away. My people
never voted for the republic, but at
least 75 per cent of them would have
voted for my return to the throne.
"Everything now depends on the
manner in which the Commissioners
the United States is sending to Hawaii
settle the government. If they treat
my people well and give them the full
measure of liberty which th^y deserve
all will be right.
"We were the most civilized race In
the Pacific," went on LJliuokalani.
proudly. "We belonged to the family
or nations. Our representatives were to
be found in every court. We had all
the machinery' of modern government,
our people were educated and knew
how to vote intelligently. It is a very
different thing from annexing a col
ony of another nation or capturing a
group of savage islands like the Phil
ippines. Hawaii has a just claim to
the preservation of her State rights.
If the nation is to be absorbed by the
Unite? States, then it should be ad
mitted to the Union, and the Hawai
ians should be granted the same rights
and privileges as are accorded to any
other portion of the race.
"Then, again, some special provision
must be made for the introduction of
Asiatic labor, or else all the sugar
plantations will be ruined. It will
never do to stop the coolies coming
there altogether."
"But are not there enough men now
on the islands to work the planta
tions?"
"Yea, there are enough coolies now,
but if more were not .allowed to come
you can see that the supply would soon
run out, ami there would be a great
rise In wages. Then it would be im
possible to grow sugar profitably, and
the islands would be ruined."
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1898.
"I have no longer the right to command my people to opposo
American rule. They are not my subjects now; they are my peopls.
Hut I am confident their love and respect for me are as deep as ever.
They will do what I tell them. I know that any active opposition to
annexation would be futile, and I should be sorry to lead my people
into difficulties. TJnless they take steps of their own accord, I shall
do nothing. If they hold a great mass meeting, as is the native cus
tom, and call upon me by an overwhelming vote to oppose annexa
tion, I would, of course, help them all in my power."
LIKE Queen Victoria, Hawaii's
Queen is an author as well as
a monarch. She has given us,
from her own pen, in clear, in
telligible .English, an account of
her life, hiding none of the se
crets of royalty and telling us exactly
what it feels like to be a queen. Her
intense love for her beautiful 'country
and intelligent people shines forth
from every page of this volume. She
tells of her happy childhood, her still
happier marriage, her brief but event
ful reign, and last and saddest of all,
of her dethronement and separation
from the people she loved so well. Of
her childhood she writes:
"I knew no other father or mother
than my foster parents, no other sister
than Bernice. I used to climb up on
the knees of Paki. put my arms around
his neck, kiss him and he caressed me
as a father would his child; while, on
the contrary, when I met my own par
ents, it was with perhaps more of inter
est, yet always with the demeanor I
would have shown to any strangers
who noticed me. My own father and
mother had other children, ten In all,
the most of them being adopted into
other chiefs' families; and although I
knew that these were my own brothers
and sisters, yet we met throughout my
younger life as though we had not
known our common parentage. This
was, and indeed is, in accordance with
Hawaiian customs. It is not easy to
explain its origin to those alien to our
national life, but it seems perfectly
natural to us. As intelligible a rea
son as can be given is that this alli
ance by adoption cemented the ties of
friendship between the chiefs. It
spread to the common people, and it
has doubtless fostered a community of
interest and harmony."
The school days of the Queen were
chiefly remarkable for the development
of her great natural gift for music. All
Hawaiians are musical, but the Queen
was the first of her
race to master the
difficulties of tech
nique, and to re
duce her native
songs to written
music. "I have
never yet," she
writes, "numbered
my compositions,
but am sure they
must run well up
into the hundreds.
Of these not more
than a quarter
have been printed,
but the most popu
lar have been in
such demand that
several editions
have been exhaust
ed. Hours, of which
it is not yet in
place to speak,
which I might have
found long and
lonely, passed
quickly and cheer
fully by, occupied
and soothed by tho
expression of my
thoughts in music;
and even when I
was denied the aid
of my instiunient
I could transcribe
to paper the tones
Of my voice." More
than this the
Queen, in her girl
hood, composed for
her country a na
tional anthem, the
first it ever pos-
Bessed, whic'i was
sung for more than
twenty years.
In 1862 began the
happiest portion of
Liliuokalani's life.
She married an
American citizen,
Mr. Domlnis, with
whom she took up
her residence in a
fine house known
as Washt ngton
Place, which had
been built by her
I band's father,
day, under
;tly; t l y changed
lit! o n s. the
se Is still her
ate residence,
splendid build
which used
be her palace
Ing been ap
"Some special provision must be made for the introduction of
Asiatic labor into the islands, or else all the sugar plantations will
be ruined. It will never do to stop the coolies coming there alto
gether. There are enough coolies on the islands now to work the
plantations, but if more were not allowed to come you can see that
the supply would soon run out, and there would be a great rise in
wages. Then it would be impossible to grow sugar profitably, and
the islands would be ruined."
propriated for Government offices
by the republic. Washington Place-
Is, she tells us, "a large square
white* house, with pillars and porticos
on alj sides, really a palatial dwelling,
as comfortable in its appointments as
It is inviting in its aspect. Its front
is distant from the street far enough,
to avoid the dust and noise. Trees
shade its walls from the heat of noon
day; it is, in fact, just what it appears
— a choice tropical retreat in the midst
of the chief city of the Hawaiian Is
lands." The only drawback to thia
ideal retreat was the fact that it con
tained a mother-in-law, whose conduct
severely tried the young bride. Lili
uokalanl was looked upon as an in
truder by the white mother, and Domi
nis does not seem to have done much,
to smooth over the difficulty. How
ever, later on matters seem to have ar
ranged themselves better, and the
Queen never speaks of her late hus
band otherwise than with the deepest
affection and respect. He lived long
enough to assume the title of Prince
Consort, dying only seven months af
ter the Queen's accession to the throne
in 1891.
Llliuokalani became heir apparent to
the throne in 1877, and received the
official title she now bears.
Ever since that date she took a prom
inent part in Hawaiian affairs, acting
during one year as Regent, while her
brother, the King, made a tour round
the world. She traveled also herself,
visiting the United States and Eng
land, and assisting at the jubilee cele
bration of Victoria's reign. Her jour
neys broadened her mind and bright
ened her natural intelligence, enabling
her to take a liberal view of her du
ties as future Queen, and to do much
to promote the welfare of her people. .
But it availed not; her affection for
her subjects could not save her throne
in t: a day of trial, and it is a signi
ficant fact that for the doings of that
day Llliuokalani blames, not her own.
race, but the American nation as em
bodied in the self-seeking, rapacious,
American missionary. On page after
page she alludes to the pernicious po
litical influence of men who, having
come to spread the gospel of Jesus, had
stayed to enroll in the ranks of Mam
mon. More especially she denounces
the notorious adversary of Father Da
mien, Dr. Hyde, to whose prejudiced
fhfiuence over Mr. Albert Willis, the
United States emissary, she directly at
tributes her own downfall. But not
the missionaries alone came under Lili-
uokalani's sorrowful censure, and, in
deed, seeing the treatment she received
at the hands of some representative
Americans, it is marvelous that she
should have preserved a warm senti
ment for the American nation.
Yet, withal, uncounseled and un
crowned, she never lost her dignified
self-possession, never put her own in
terests before those Of her peo
ple. And, when at last, after her ab
dication, she was brought to trial by
her captors, charged with a series of
imaginary offenses, her defense has a
queenly ring about it.
"I acted of my own' free will, and
wish the world to know that I have
asked no Immunity or favor myself,
nor plead my abdication as a petition
for mercy. My actions were dictated
by the sole aim of doing good" to my
beloved country, and of alleviating the
positions and pains of those who un
happily and unwisely resorted to arms
to regain an independence which they
thought had been unjustly wrenched
from them.
"As you deal with them, so I pray
that the Almighty God may deal with
you in your hours of trial.
"To my regret much has been said
about the damjer which threatened for
eign women and children and about
the bloodthirstiness of the Hawaiians,
and the outrages which would be per
petrated" by them if they had succeed
ed in their attempt to overthrow tha
republic government.
"They who know the Hawaiian tem
per and disposition understand that
there was no foundation for any such
fears. The behavior of the rebels to
those foreigners whom, they captured
and held shows that there was no ma
lignancy in the hearts of the Hawai
ians at all. It would have been sad,
indeed, if the doctrine of the Christian
missionary fathers taught to my peo
ple by them and those who " succeeded
them, should have fallen «iKe the seed
in the parable, upon barren ground.
"I must deny your right to try me
in the manner and by the court which
you have called tog ther for this pur
pose. In your actions you violate your
own constitution and lawa. which are
now the constitution and laws of thd
land." J. F. ROSE-SQI»EX-
•18
ON THE BATTLE GROUND WITH OUR
FROM PHOTOGRAPHS TAKEN BY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1898.
j ■ . ■ ' iU/ , • . - v <a-^>SOLDIERS IN THE ATTACK ON SANTIAGO
THE CALL WAR CORRESPONDENTS
THE CALL WAR CORRESPONDENT
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1898.
1920
WHY IS MARRIAGE ON THE DECREASE?
Discussed by JESSIE fICKERMAN, RABBI NIETO, F- R- DONFORTH. JOHN HEMPHILL. D.D., THEODORE HITTELL. J. H- STfiLLfIRD, M.D., CHARLOTTE BLAKE-BROWN, M.D., J. RICHARD FREUD.
STATISTICS show us the fact, looked upon as
alarming by some of our sociologists, that the
marriage rate is decreasing among us.
This is noticeably the case in Massachusetts,
New York. Illinois and Kansas, where marriages
are occurring, in proportion to the number of
adult inhabitants, so much less frequently than they
did in former days as to arouse an interrogative in
: not only in those States themselves but in the
nation at large.
Even here in San Francisco the decrease in the
marriage rate during the past six years has been very
marked, The last census gave us a population of a
little less than 280,000; last year we were. credited by
authorities with an Increase since then of at
least 70.000. And yet the number of marriage licenses
which were issued here lasi .'.car was 624 less than
the number which was issued during the year ending
July. 1892.
The actual figures of the Fan Francisco license ac
count for the years mentioned are as follows: 1891-2,
L892-S, 1411; 1893-4, 3200; 1884-6, 3218; 1595-6, 3164;
1896-7. 3125; 1897-8, 20T4. The rate of decrease for the
a mentioned is even greater and the reason for
this decline Is i» Ing seriously discussed. Some of our
San Francisco students of social conditions here ex
press their Views on the subject.
In other days the woman was lost in the wife and
mother, the individual was absorbed in the idea of
her "sphere," which was
hodpred by an invisible
line, confining her activi
ties to household duties;
hence the chief end of
woman was mnrriape and motherhood; but the condi
the unrest in the social, political
JESSIE ACKERMAN,
W. C. T. U.
ana religious world spread to the home, and woman
bi me out upon the tide of an indescribable rest
ss which crystal ized into a desire to become an
"Individual"— to individualize herself. In her effort to
jgain this end she unconsciously opened new doors of
learning and avenues of industry which have led to
an independence that truly has thrown a spell over
the young woman of to-day, filling her with ambition
along new lines.
The desire to sustain this freedom of independence
has brought her into business competition with man
and in the race it may be fairly stated that she cornea
out ahead and proves herself an individual, wholly
competent of self-support; in other words "woman has
31 v -led herself."
In the final analysis of the question "why mar
riage is on this decrease," it may briefly be summed up
by saying that. woman has become an individual. She
b.a* ■'•■■ ' eed not depend on man for bread
a: d-prefers the Independence* nml freedom of such life
rather than the -drudgery of housekeeping and the
great libiltty of raothei hp< d.
The effect of this state of affair* upon the home
life of tbis nation forma ample scope for meditation,
•and .'i !/;i inst it. for the -present, will stand a good-sized
question mark.
I feel convinced that the present conditions are
due to the false system of education tvhich has pre-
vailed for so many years.*
We have devoted our
selves to cultivating and
educating the intellectual
j h. stallard; m. d.
powers to the utter neglect of industrial training.
Even here in California this has been the case, and the
consequence of it is that both sexes have been taught
to live rather by their wits than by honest we:k. In
consequence thousandsfare just selfishly existing in
our overcrowded professions and in clerical posi
tions, who might marry and live well and happily had
they been taught to avail themselves of the various
industrial opportunities in our land.
It is universally acknowledged that the ratio of
marriage to the population in any civilized community
affords one of the best indications of social prosper
ity or its reverse. A decrease in the number of mar
riages is only one of the many evidences of the fail
ure of merely intellectual training to secure pros
perity. Another evidence is the great increase of
crime, which Is so marked as to call for especial notice.
Industry is the inseparable basis of honesty, and
industry, having long been relegated to a. secondary
place In the estimation of our people, the consequence
is that public dishonesty has increased to alarming
proportions.
The most hopeful feature of the present state of
things is the comparatively recent introduction of in
dustrial education in our schools and universities.
National prosperity depends primarily upon such a
movement, and its natural consequence — honesty.
Another great, but so far unrecognized, principle is
back of this. Personal freedom depends upon the op
portunity to secure a livelihood without the aid of any
other person, and that opportunity is only afforded by
the gifts of nature which belong to every one by right,
at least to the extent of a bare subsistence. Upon
that riKht to' subsistence freedom depends alone.
The natural condition of things is that every man
should marry and have one wife. When a man can
be sure of supporting a wife, or when there is indus
trial sympathy between them so that they can work
together for each other, prosperity ajid the marriage
rate will increase together.
* *
So far as the Jewish community is concerned I
am aware of no appreciable diminution in the number
of marriages at the pres
ent time. It is true that
RABBI NlfcTO.
the marriage rate varies
. from month to month,
s being caused by the condition of business rather
than by any alteration in sentiment as to matrimony
itself, but the general average of marriages among us
So far as America is concerned if the marriage
rate is becoming less in proportion to the population
than it has been heretofore, I think that the fact may
be justly attributed to the laxity of the divorce laws.
Men do not feel to-day justified in taking upon
themselves responsibilities when the other partner to
the contract may shake them off for little or no rea
son. F'> many cases have come to public notice lately
of women who found that they were "not in sym
pathy" with their husbands, when after five years or
more of married life those husbands have met with
serious financial reverses, that the generality of young
men have been led to reflect seriously on this subject.
The result has undoubtedly been in many in
stances thnt men who would otherwise be glad to
irarry and have homes of their own have grown chary
of inflicting upon their fair partners that degree of
mental agony and distress that would render them fit
TflE SAJS FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1898.
objects of pity and entitle them to the merciful con
sideration of any jurist.
The ordinary hardly ever, and the wise man never,
marries unless he sees pood prospects ahead. Mar-
THEODORE HITTELL,
diatom.
sponsibility carelessly and
thoughtlessly, without carefully and circumspectly
weighing all the probabilities and possibilities con
nected therewith, makes a grave mistake, which will
entail grievous trouble, and in many cases actual suf
lering upon many innocent persons in the generations
yet to come.
The prevailing "hard times" of the past few years
have undoubtedly had a seriously deterrent effect up
on many who would— were prosperity the rule— have
entered the married state. No man likes to ask the
woman he loves to share a precarious existence or act
ual poverty with him. He does not feel that it would
be just to her or pleasing to himself to place her in
surroundings which have in them no element of present
comfort or prospect of future prosperity. Therefore it
is that statistics show that marriages are governed —
however much the sentimentalist may desire to think
the contrary— entity by the conditions of the coun-
try. In "good times" the rate of marriage increases;
in "bad times"_jt decreases. A study of matrimonial
statistics will show the rise and fall of the tide of
prosperity in any district not affected by outside in
fluences, and conversely a study of business condi
tions will approximately tell the tale of the new
households formed there.
I do not consider that the more general employment
of women has anything to do with the matter. If a
girl has sufficient domestic instinct — or rather suffi
cient love of domesticity — to , make her a good wife
and mother, business life will not take the place of
home life in her heart. I believe in giving all, male
or female, the opportunity to, if possible, make their
ambitions realities — at any rate to exercise their abil
ities and carve out their lives as best they can. A
girl who, because of restrictions, limitations and lack
of opportunities to live her own life her own way,
"marries for a home," will not be apt to make that
home what it ought to be. When s!-e marries because
she of her own free will and accord chooses to take
the step, her home will be her pride and glory, and a
center from which good will radiate to the outside
world.
It is difficult to assign any one reason for that gen
eral decrease in the number of marriages during the
Undoubtedly, however, one of the reasons, and the
principal one in my opinion, la to be found in the in
creased number of women wage-earners. The em
ployment of women In many positions formerly
filled exclusively by men has become general, and
• *
riage is a great and far
reaching responsibility,
and the man or woman
who assumes that re-
past few years, which
statisticians have noted
and scientists and schol
ars are now gravely con
sidering.
F. R DANFORTH,
Marriage LicerJe Clerk
thousands of men who, under the conditions which
prevailed a decade or so ago, would be able and glad
to take upon themselves the responsibilities of matri
mony are now either unemployed or are working for
salaries inadequate to support more than one person.
It is not the mere fact that women have become
workers that makes the trouble; it is the feet that in
almost every case when a woman supplants a man
'in a business position she does so for a salary much
lower than that which her male predecessor received.
This point is usually made in the application for em
ployment — the woman will do the work required quite
as well, and far cheaper, and as a simple business
proposition the firm to which she applies usually gives
her the place. The consequence of this is that the
rate of wages for all situations i hich it is possible for
women to fill has become so lowered that even those
men who are still retained as clerks, bookkeepers,
stenographers, etc., are unable to earn more than their
own livings.
If only those women and -iris who really need em
ployment would seek and secure it the situation would
be much better. When a woman does as good work
as a man she ought to receive as good wages, and she
should demand them. The main trouble is, though,
that thousands of girls with good homes prefer busi
ness life to helping their mothers about the house; so
a Bervant is hired to take the daughter's place, or the
mother works alone, and the girl works for less than
living wages, for the reason that her living is assured
and her salary is devoted merely to non-essentials.
Having assisted in reducing the salary of the aver
age young man, the average young working woman
does not look favorably upon him as a suitor, even if
he forgets his financial circumstances sufficiently to
wish to marry. She feels that she is far better off in
a. store or office with light duties, regular hours, and
money of her own, than she would be as the over
worked wife of a poor man with whom nearly all her
sisters are in competition. Probably she is right, but
her decision is based on conditions which she herself
has helped to change — whether for better or worse is
an open question.
« -♦ •
One great reason for the decrease in the number
of marriages is the complexity of modern life, for
which I cannot in justice
say that the men are
really to blame.
A man receiving a
moderate salary, or be
ginning business in a modest way, is attracted by a
girl and really wishes to marry her, but the -reflection
Xi h G £ an . not arford t0 maintain her in the style to
w men sne is accustomed prevents him from asking
her to share his lot. A man who sees the girl of his
choice always elegantly attired, living in a fine hou<=e
and petted and indulged and waited upon as loved
daughters of well-to-do families always are naturally
hesitates about asking her to begin far lower down on
the ladder of worldly prosperity with him.
Did he but know it in very many cases the girl
would be glad to bear her share of life's burdens and
in a happy little home of her own would regret none
CHARLOTTE
BLAKE BROWN, M.D.
of her girlhood's luxuries. The love of a manly man
will make any worthy girl willing t<> help him carve
out his fortune; but as girls cannot even hint con
cerning their feelings in this regard many a happy
marriage Is prevented by this misapprehension.
It is a very common error among men- particularly
young men— to think that because some women are
selfish, worldly and mercenary such traits are charac
teristic of the sex. As a rule a woman is far more
ready to give up luxuries and even comforts for the
sake of one she loves than is her brother.
If a young man would decide to give up his cigars
and his club and the numerous other little self-indul
gences which decrease his income so that he does not
feel that he can afford to marry, he would find him
self better off in many ways.
Let a young man do this and then look about him
for a good, sensible girl who is willing (and man>
more of them than society is aware of really are) t»
eet up an establishment on a small scale and hplp
him make his way in the world as her mother helped
her father, and a happy marriage will be the result.
There i 3 too much of selfishness and pretens*;
among us; when we are more self-sacrificing and
more honest with each other, we shall all be happier.
At pj-esent "muy rico," as the Spaniards s&y, seems
the desideratum in too many of the marriages which
take place.
In this emphatically commercial ag£ it impresses
me that the question of marriage has unfortunately
become also a commercial
problem.
The first expectation
of those about to embark
on the voyage of matri
mony is, In most cases, not a question of love or feel
ing so much as a question of bettering their material
J.RiCHARD FREUD,
Sec. Merchants' Association.
Competition in nearly all the walks of life has be
come so keen that a majority of our young men can
not see their way clear to maintain a home complete
and elegant enough in its appointments to agree with
their accustomed ideas.
In the life of the workman, especially those en
gaged in factories or those who perform the ordinary
unskilled labor of our farming communities, a still
more serious competition must be taken into consid
eration. The advent to our shores of alien peopli *,
whose plane of civilization is so low that the absolute
necessities of existence are all that they require to
sustain them in contentment makes the lot of our
poorer classes even harder to bear than it would
otherwise be. Every true American workingman ex
pects to "get on in the world." He does not consider
that he Is in a certain grade or doomed to remain
amidst certain surroundings tor life. He hopes to be
come a master mechanic or an employer, to own his
little home and give his children a better education
than he received himself. When from unfair rivalry
this hope is taken from him he does not feel like ask
ing any woman to share a lot which is devoid of com
fort for the present or promise for the futmv
* • •
Without looking into the matter carefully I can
only say that times for the past five years or so huve
been exceptionally hard
all over the country, and
that young men, conse
quently, havp un.h.-ihlv
JOHN HEMPHILLD.D.
not felt in a position to drive a double team
Looking at the matter from another standpoint it
may bo truthfully -said that there is a growing sus
picion abroad that young women— even our own
young women here in San Francisco— are not willing
1., b. -.Tin domestic life at the beginning and live in the
frugal way in which their mothers and grandmothers
lived. The standard of living has been so rafted that
th«> day may come that matrimony, save in ea
Uonal OMtt, may be looked upon as an unattainable
luxury. "Love in a cottage" is not over fashion-vhle
even now: our young people of the future may refuse
to recognize the possibility of its existence.Wonderful Prehistoric City Discovered in Mexico
'•V /■.':! ,y HE . .coming meeting; "for the
.•...;• I .' American;- .Association for the
. ■•-;■__■ :' l; = -.Advancement of Science', which
-.;■]■■._ JT ;. :wi!i convene at Boston- on Au
■; ■••"• . '• gust/22,, promises .to be the most
V •;..•;■ : notable in the history-, of : the 0r
..: ganization. "It will be made- 'so chiefly
■;. ; ; by : a paper which Mr. Marshall H. Sa
...:ville of -the' American' Museum of Nat
ural History is preparing, and which
: . he will read before th'W association.- In
; this/ paper-^fr." Savilie will relate the
; remarkable .results of his recent, ex
plorations among the ancient cities of
Mexico,' of : which, until" the present
■; .time,, nothing has been published. The
: officers Of the American Museum, who
...are the only ones thus far acquainted
with the full import of Explorer Sa
• vill-e's discove'rfes, have, pronounced
them the most remarkable ever made
. on thfs hemisphere. Not only are .they
likely to - revolutionize some of the pet
„■• theories of archaeologists', and anthro
pologists, but they are the greatest
popular interest for the light that they
throw on the much "discussed question
of the origin of the most ancient in
habitants of the Western .Continent.
The results of this work promise to
prefix at. least one entrancing chapter
to the history of the Americans.
The scene of these remarkable dis
coveries, which promise to dissipate
Much of the mystery now surrounding
the prehistoric civilization of this con
tinent, is Xoxo, about five miles south
of the district' of Oaxaca. The most
important part of the work was accom
plished during the six weeks of the half
■ year over which Mr. Saville's recent
trip extended. •' . ."
, The story of how the discoveries
•'•'"'"■ to be made shows that the ele
•ment of luck may' play a large part in
- scientific explorations, as well as in the
.less exact affairs of men. Half by ac
cident, Mr. Saville stumbled upon the
ruins of a great' prehistoric metropo
lis, the ancient' capital of the . Zepo
tecas, by all odds the most enlightened
nation that ever inhabited the new
world prior to the advent; of European
civilization. He not only found this an
cient city, but unearthed hieroglyphics
-of a character far surpassing anything
•\ hitherto supposed to exist in the West
• crn hemisphere, besides other proofs of
'•a high culture and an advanced civil
ization. The explorer is convinced af
" ter careful • scientific analysis that
these revelations place the prehistoric
•• Zepotecan nation on a par with the an
cient races of .India, Chaldea and
Egypt, and that they possibly; prove
the flrbt settlers of this continent >■ to
have been related to the former of
these peoples.
Mr. Saville is. the head of the de
partment of archaeology In the Ameri
can Museum and has spent many years
in studying the traces of the prehis
toric peoples of America. Since 1889
he has been constantly making re
searches in Mexico. •
Mr. Seville left on his latest and most
successful trip on October last. It was
his purpose to decipher certain picture
writings which cover the temple of
Mnntfzuma's far-famed sun god, then
considered the most important ancient
.American structure extant. Quetzal
coatl, the sun god, was the principal
diety of the Aztecs, and by some lucky
chance his temple escaped the destruc
tive hands of fortez find the other
Spanish invaders.
The young explorer has just returned
to New York, and the secrets which he
has unearthed and which he now for
the first time announces to the world,
prove to be far more important than
any that were in the keeping of the
sun god.
Mr. Saville's work was prosecuted
under the auspices of the Mexican Gov
ernment, and he was accompanied by
Mr. Humphreys, a surveyor who acted
as an official Mexican representative.
They took along with them a consider
able force of Mexican laborers to do the
work of excavation, and carried a type
writer, cximera and other implements
of modern civilisation with which to
prosecute their work.
While on the way to hfs Intended field
of labor, Mr. Raville found traces of a
great group of pyramids near Xoxo.
This region has lung been recognized
as a fruitful field for the discovery of
Zepotecan relios. Thinking that a little
exploration might uncover something
of value, Mr. Saville set his native la
borers at work and in a short time had
unearthed a number of pyramids and
smaller mounds. The twelve largest of
these pyramids are of the sort called
teocalli, an Aztec word meaning divine
tombs. The ground throughout this re
gion was thickly overgrown with gua
miichi wnd mesquite. The roots from
these trees penetrated to a great depth,
and in several instances they had
brokon through the stone floors or the
mounds. Specimens of ancient pottery
and other relics were found which had
been broken up by the same resistless
forces.
One day while Mr. Saville was recon
noiterlng some distance to the north of
the big group of pyramids he came to
a rise of ground forming a sort of low
plateau some distance above the rest, of
the plain and covered with the usual
heavy vegetation and undergrowth.
Separating the vines and brambles as
well as he could for a short distance
from the outer edge of the srrowth. and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1898.
The American Association for the Advancement of Science regards the discovery of these ancient rains and relics as among the most
Important of their kind in the history of the continent. The dwellers of this great city belonged to a people superior to the Az
tecs, and several anthropologists are inclined to the opinion that they were probably the earliest rulers of the continent.
WERE THEY THE FIRST ATIERICANS?
peering underneath, the explore;- no
ticed peculiar bits of pottery and traces
of ashes. On examining the pieces of
broken pottery he knew at once from
their peculiar formation that they had
lain there undisturbed for centuries,
sheltered from wind and storm by the
impenetrable thicket through which
not even the heavy tropical rains could
force their way.
Hoping that he was on the scent of
valuable relics, the explorer applied
himself to pick and spade, and with
great difficulty dug two or thrse feet
into the earth, where he came to a
hard. Hat surface. In considerable ex
citement he called his laborers, who
quickly cleared away the brush and
dirt. The surface was found to be a
cement floor, or perhaps it would be
more accurate to say a cement roof.
Cutting through it the workers came
to the face of a stone wall. Sealed to
this wall by their rims were cazuelas
("earthenware bowls). Under each bowl
was a bright red funeral idol which
had been so thoroughly preserved by
the perfectly dry air that it looked as
though it had i>een newly painted.
What had at first appeared to be a
stone wall was now seen to be a long
slab, forming a lintel over the top of a
door. After further digging the door
way was uncovered and was found to
be blocked by a huge metate (native
millstone.) Its corners had been filled
In with smaller stones and the whole
mass cemented over, so that the tomb
was hermetically pealed against damp
ness and other corrosive agents.
The lintel of this doorway was a
huge stone block of volcanic origin,
about six feet long and eighteen inches
wide. Carved -cross its entire surface
were inscriptions in the hieroglyphics
of a civilized race! No writing- of such
an advanced character as that of these
hieroglyphics l.as ever before been dis
covered in America. The explorer took
casts in plaster and papfer-mache im
pressions of this wonderful monolith,
and finally of the whole doorway. The
inscriptions slow in excellent relief,
and Mr. Saville is now engaged in an
exhaustive study of them from the
casts. He intends to recast duplicates
of the originals and send them to the
ablest hieroglyphists and students of
ancient records the world over, in or
der hat the utmost knowledge and
skill may be brought to bear for their
deciphering.
As "soon as the doorway was cut
through Mr. Saville and his assistants
entered the chamber of the tomb.
Mural paintings representing female
figures draped in shrouds and in atti
tudes of prayer were on the walls.
Three niches in the tomb contained a
number of skulls and other bones com
prising parts of ten skeletons were
scattered about. These were all paint
ed a bright red, the same shade as that
which covered the bones found outside
the chambers und^r the cazuelas. Red,
Mr. Saville says, was the mourning
color of the Aztecs. The fact that all
the bones were painted shows that
they had been entirely stripped of flesh
before being placed in the tomb. Dur
ing the long generations whicn had
elapsed since the sx-pulcher had been
staled over an inch of fine dust had
sifted down from the decayed rocks
which formed the roof and walls.
The m<.-st valuable part of the find in
this ancient tomb, in the opinion of Mr.
Saville, was the inscriptions. Although
some of them bear a generic resem
blance to the Maya writing which has
been found in other parts of Mexico
no written characters of so high an
order have ever before been discovered
in America. It is Mr. Saville's beliel'
that the writing is at least partly phon
etic. If this proves to be the case, it
will lift the Zepotecas to a position in
history far above that of the cele
brated Aztecs or the opulent Incas of
Peru.
The next step in Mr. Savllle's ex
plorations was the great crypt of Xoxo.
It was discovered by Dr. Sc-logruren, the
famous Mexican archaelogist and col
lector of relics, in 1886. Mr. Saville
forced his way into it by a small
door which had been previously un
known. To reach the interior, four
floors, each from two to three inches
thick, made of a very hard, white
cement, were cut through. Peculiar
architectural formations of an impor
tant ceremonial significance were
found in the interior of the crypt. It
seems likely from the religious and
ceremonial symbols uncovered here
that the origin of the Zapotecan re
ligion may be found to be identical
with that of the most ancient faith of
the eastern world.
The great discovery, and the one
which scientific men consider the most
important yet made, was hit upon In
the course of excavations among the
mounds already mentioned. A terra
cotta drainpipe was found leading from
one of these mounds into the fields. The
joints of the pipe were several feet
long, and they were -so made as to fit
carefully together. The course of the
pipe was folLowed for a considerable
distance. Then it broke off, but fur
ther along it was found again, and fol
lowing it up a steep mountain, the ex
plorer came to a huge temple at the
top, surrounded by an imposing peris
tyle. It had been a work of the great
est difficulty to follow the long course
of the buried pipe, but probably by no
other means could the ancient city have
been discovered, hidden as it was by
thick growths on all sides.
The sides of the mountain, on the
summit of which stood the city, had
EXPLORER SAVILLE EXAMINING THE BONES OF A HUMAN BEING FOUND IN A HOUSE IN
THE BURIED CITY.
been artificially terraced, the top had
been razed and fortified on all sides
till it was impregnable.
The temple Itself was a magnificent
piece of architecture. Beyond it on the
broad area of the mountain top were
the- crumbling ruins or amphiteaters,
palaces and other public buildings.
Streets and passageways were exactly
as they had been during the long cen
turies since their desertion. Here on
this terraced mountain, overlooking a
great stretch of country at its foot, was
at last found the lost capital of the
Zepotecan nation, at one time, probably
the rulers over most of the other peo
ple of the continent, certainly their
leaders in art, civilization and industry.
The mountain on which the skeleton of
this prehistoric metropolis was brought
to view is marked on the Mexican Gov
ernment maps as Monte Alban. Its
crowning wall is completely hidden by
the surrounding growth of lofty trees
and it is so difficult of access that it has
never been attacked or even seriously
thought of as a field of exploration.
That there were ruins upon this sum
mit was known before Mr. Saville's
visit, but they were supposed to be
only the remains of some rude Indian
fortress instead, aa has been proved,
the wreck of a stately and civilized
city.
"Zachila was, in all probability, the
ancient name of the city on Monte Al
ban," says Mr. Saville. "Not very far
away there exists a little village which
now bears the same name. The spot
was strategically an ideal place for a
great capital city in the troublous times
when it must have existed. Its situa
tion made it an impregnable fortress.
The mountain stands at the intersec
tion of the three broad valleys, Oaxaca,
Etla and Jalplan. Thus it commanded
a wide view in all directions, and, be
ing isolated by these valleys from the
surrounding mountains and looming
high above them all, it kept perpetual
guard over all the country round
about
"Of course my work did not extend
over a sufficient length of time to de
termine the exact extent of the cul
ture, wealth and civilization of the peo
ple who once inhabited the city, but
they must have been far in advance of
most of those with whom we have be
come in a degree acquainted through
other mounds and ruins. The city was
certainly one of considerable size, ex
tending over several square miles. We
came upon stone aqueducts over six
feet wide. In the different parts of the
plain are big mounds which, on inves
tigation, proved to be the crumbled re
mains of what were once great public
buildings. The frequent earthquakes of
that region, which probably caused the
destruction of the city, have shaken
these once important structures into
mere heaps of dust and debris.
"In the southern end of the city we
found a big mound over a thousand
feet long and three hundred feet in
width. The slopes of its sides were
regular and faced with masonry and
there was a stairway leasing to its
summit. It may have been the sits >>f
a vast temple or of a series of public
buildings. At the opposite end of the
city there was a rectangular basin of
about the same size which once formed
a great amphitheater where public
gatherings were held and religioun
ceremonies performed.
"No reliable proofs are left of what
a Zapotecan dwelling was like. Ex
cavations of temples, causeways, pii
lars, arches and other magnificent pub
lic structures and a searching stud/
of the plans and general appearance of
the city have furnished the mo3t con
vincing data for the scientific meaning
with which the explorations have
clothed the masses of hitherto mean
ingless stone and dust. Everywhere
there was found proof that the Zapote
cans were a peace-loving people who
must have been governed by an elab
orate code of laws and customs. They
had a literature, too, for we found
proofs and traces of it, though, of
course, there was no time to go ex
tensively into that phase of the ex
plorations. Their religion must have
developed to an advanced stage, for we ■
found proof that they did not offer up
live sacrifices in their religious fetes.
Doubtless further work will bring to
light other important and interesting
facts about the lives and customs of
these pe^ pie whom we may Justly look
upon as our earliest predecessors on
this continent. Just how extensive
these discoveries may prove to be it is
impossible to sw at the present time.
"Ever since the attention of anthro
pologists, has been called to this hemis
THIS DOG HAS FALSE TEETH.
LONDON claims to have the only
dog with false teeth in the world.
This canine curiosity is in the
possession of Mr. E. Mosely, one
Bf the best known dentists in the
West End.
Myn Duivel, as the dog is named, is
proud of his masticators and defies
criticism by vigorously devouring
whatever is placed before him. He
does not even hesitate at chops, grind
ing their bones to powder with wonder
ful ease.
"I bought the dog abroad," Mr. Mose
ly remarks in Tid-Bits, "for a stud
dog, as, although old, he possesses
many good points. He had no teeth,
however, and I found that we had to
specially prepare food for him. Ha
became very unfortunate in the ken
nels, where the dogs would worry
him. without his being able to defend
himself, and treat him with the utmost
contempt. So the idea occurred to me
that I might make him a set of false
teeth. It had never been done before
to my knowledge, and there were great
difficulties in the way, but I saw no
reason why it should not be done.
"So I chloroformed Myn Duivel and
removed the few stumps he had left.
The puzzle, after the mouth was pre
pared, was how to fit the plate. Every
thing had to be specially made, but at
last I succeeded in taking models of
the dog's mouth, and the most difficult
part of the operation was over, or so,
at least, I congratulated myself. From
the models metal dies were cast, and
natty little platinum plates struck to
fit each jaw. These plates had to be
of double thickness in order to obtain
sufficient strength, as Myn Duivel, hav
ing no fear of his dentist's bill-, is reck
less in the way he tackles bones.
"It was a formidable task — the most
difficult operation I have performed in
a professional career of nearly twenty
years. Each of the teeth occupied two
hours in preparing, and as there were
twenty-four of them you will under
stand what a dreary task it was. For
ty-eight hours of grinding! And then
each tooth had to be ground to the
exact size and shape, and there was
great risk of breakage. But it was
done at last, and Myn Duivel was fitted
phere as a field for archaeological
study, the great question has been to
settle conjectures as to how the pre
historic tribes and nations sprang up in
America. The theory most widely ac
cepted is based on .the hypothesis that
the vanguard of human migration to
this continent was composed of wan
dering tribes- from Asia who crossed by
the Bering- Straits into Alaska and
who, meandering southward through
North America, finally settled in Mex
ico.. By this theory South America was
populated partly by subsequent migra
tions from the same source and partly
by secondary ones from the Mexican
settlers. It is possible that further Za
potecan explorations will settle this
question, which for four hundred
years has been a scientific riddle, and
that the phonetic writings, burial cus
toms and architectural peculiarities
brought to light on and about Monte
Alban may disclose' the origin.- and
even the progenitors themselves of the
first Americans." ' • '
with his new set of. artificial teeth,
"He revolted furiously at first, and
fought violently- against the inpoVation,
but at length he became reconciled, and
he is now an extremely proud, not to
say a conceited, dog. His teeth are
taken out and cleaned each night with
his own toothbrush and a special tooth
powder.
"The outlay for materials used in ex
periments and failures," said Mr. Mose
ly. "was considerable. • My leading
mechanic was employed on the case for
over ten days, and I put in more hard
work and took more skin off my finger
tips in shaping those" teeth than I
have done in a year of ordinary work.
No, I shouldn't care to do another one
for a patient, unless I had carte
blanche in both money and time, and
even then I should think twice."
HOW TO LIVE LONG.
Eight men of .St. Louis, the young
est of whom is 75 years old and the old
est 110, give for the benefit of those
\\ ho would live as long as they rules
which they believe will insure health.
Captain "Jack" Haines, 110 years old.
says: "Keep good company; never
drink any but good whisky; preserve a
good conscience and be happily mar
ried."
John Deming, 83 years old, suggests
care of health in youth, outdoor exer
cise and marriage.
John Benton. 85 years old, believes !n
marriage, sobriety and temperance in
the use of meat.
James Fisher Boyd, 80 years old, says
long life is the, outcome of a temperate
life/plain food and a happy marriage.
Oblonel John M. Jackson, 86 years old,
admonishes those who would live long
to be always occupied, eat plain food
and be temperate.
William Ilbry, 96 years old, gives
these directions to the seeker for the
century mark: "Eat slowly and not
too much; drink no strong liquors, and
beer only in moderation; rise and retire
early."
Thomas Houghton, 86 years old. as
cribes his longevity to temperate hab
its, regular hours for eating and sleep
ing, and marriage.
Thomas E. Gordon. 75 years old. says
that he who would advance in year 3
should sleep with a window open, leave
liquors and tobacco alone and be re
ligious.
2122
"BIG BILL" MASON, the Most Dangerous of Criminals, According to the New YorK Detectives.
FORMER President Chester A.
Arthur's house,. 123- Lexington
avenue, New York, was robbed
in 1885. A boy m the uniform
of a district messenger, called
with a message. .While the ser
vant went with the note for its answer
the boy seized a piece of silver on the
hatra^ck— it was a card case or some
thing of that kind— withdrew from the
house, shut the door softly and i
his h?els. The girl returned and found
the ornament and boy had disappeared.
The echo of that robbery cam.; last
Week with the arrest of -Big Bill" Ma
son and his scang. His lieutenant, cap
tured with him, was Frank Spencer,
alias "Red" Spencer, the thief who
robbed former President Arthur's
house.
Captain McClusky, chief of the De
tective Bureau at police headquarters,
performed a public service of great
value when his detectives, at the risk
of their lives,- snapped the handcuffs on
those four men. According to the re
, cord they .are murderers, thieves and
dynamiters. A more, dangerous quar
tet of assassins and safe burglars never
infested a great city.
.They were educated in the slums.
To conceal their unlawful pursuits they
learned trades and followed, honest. In
dustry long enough to enable them to
get a foothold and establish headquar
ters for the trusted criminals who were
to be their associates.
The records of • these men are on file
at police headquarters.
• William - Mason, alias "Wrigiu,"
" "Lynch and. "Big Bill," safe and sec
ond story burglar, aged 49, a native of
the United States; carriage maker by
profession; married; refused' to give his
residence. This chief of the gang is a
tall, slim man— a six-footer, with dark
hair and a florid complexion. He is
very' muscular, afraid of nothing, a
desperate, powerful outlaw. His num
ber In the Bertillon gallery is 183$.
There they have the length' of his fin
gers .and the measurements of every
part of his body, with all the details
mercilessly enumerated.
.Mason, the arch-devil .of his class,
eFcaping from Pittsburg jail, he ap
peared at Tarrytown, thei* meeting
HERE IS THE WAY TO DO SEVERAL CLEVER PARLOR TRICKS.
A NUMBER of clever young pres
tidigitateurs have just come to
town with a lot of tricks that
seem to have been laying under
a bushel basket for the past
ten or fifteen years. New
names have been given the tricks and
to the younger generation they have
all the attraction of being positively
new. Some of these young magicians
admit that it is all tricky; others talk
Jack Moore, an old pal. On Decem
ber IS, only nine days after his escape,
he and Moore broke into the house of
Vice President Bradley of the Tarry
town Savings Bank.
They carried off a bag of solid sil
ver, took an early morning train and
reached Tonkers about daylight, went
into a little all-night restaurant and
were drinking coffee, when the loca!
police, who had become suspicious, ar
rested them.
In the railroad depot the bag was
opened and the silver bound. The of
ficers took the prisoners by first train
to New York for identification. Head
quarters detectives instantly recog
nized them as notorious ex-convicts.
The big, slim six-footer was William
Mason, and the short, sandy haired
chap was Jack Moore.
The Yonkers Kawkshaws opened
their mouths wide at this, but they
were congratulated on their longhead
edncs? in making the arrest. They had
covered themselves thick with glory
and were praised. The prisoners were
taken to Yonkers. tried, convicted and
00 January 11. 1888, sentenced to four
teen y'-ars in Sing Sing.
Muore was pardoned August 7, 1895.
"Big Bill" Mason, for good behavior it
was always declared, got his "time"
reduced five years and two months. So
he soon found himself afloat again in
the world, in the full strength of his
r:anhood. so far as muscle and nerve
were concerned. How Mason really
got out of prison ahead of time will be
expl&inf-d further on in this sketch.
He was next heard of at Terre Haute,
Ind. His photograph was sent to the
Now York police by the Terre Haute
Chief. Mason, with "Jack" Frye, an
other New York thief and murderer,
and "Reddy the Gloucester," robbed
the house of George A. Schall, at No.
432 North Sixth street, Terre Haute.
On receiving their pedigrees from
New York the authorities put them
through the courts at lightning speed.
The three men were convicted and sunt
to the penitentiary at Michigan City,
Ind, — Masiin fur four years under the
ranic of William T. Wrigtit, January
28, 1887.
Mason soon showed the Hooaiers that
he was no common New Yorker, if he
was a thief. On thp following July he
knocked his keeper down, bruising him
as if he had been hit with a ton of
Ph«la£elphiA brick. Then Mr. Mason
from New York quietly escaped aiiu
of secret magnetism, clairvoyance,
psychic amd mysterious influences.
Here are some of the tricks and
"psychic force" movements performed
by these young 1 magician?. The tricks
and the way they are done may serve
to amuse social gatherings:
The professor takes a small liquor
glass. This he fills with" water and
drops a silver quarter into it. Over the
smaller glass he places a larger one,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1898.
skipped to other climes.
On a cool, wintry morning, December
3, 1897, George R. Blodgett, ounsel for
the General Electric Company, was lin
ing at Schenectady, N. Y. He was well
to do, and his house was liberally fur
nished. Just before daylight on that
morning his wife woke him, whisper
ing that some one was in the room.
Blodgett attempted to rise, when a
tall man ordered him to throw up his
hands. He failed to obey. There was
ju.st an attempt at resistance, when
the lawyer fell back dead.
Still another crime was committed in
Providence on March 8, 1898. William
O. Hutchins, a Jeweler of wealth, was
killHi in his own house by a bullet fired
as Mason always shoots his lead. The
porch had been climbed and the win
dow opened for the burglar to enter.
After murdering the man and robbing
his house the thief escaped by the win
dow and porch to the ground. Second
Story robberies, especially over a porch,^
are Mason's peculiar copyrighted
methods of earning State prison fame/
Much has been printed about the
heartless murder of Major William C.
Wilson, the aged librarian who was
found dead in his book store at No. 1117
Walnut street, Philadelphia, last Aug
ust. That crime made a deep impres
sion on the police and the community.
The best men of the force set at work,
authorized to employ every resource in
discovering Mason's whereabouts.
Warnings were telegraphed to all prin
cipal cities, but the robber must have
kept himself well informed as to the
situation. As the heat of the investiga
tion increased he withdrew to cooler
quarters and kept himself hidden in the
background.
Captain McClusky and his assistants
learned that Mason and Coffey had
gone West after the Philadelphia mur
der. When Coffey returned to New
York recently and opened a saloon in
Cherry street, near Pearl, Captain Mc-
Clusky showed his detective cleverness
in believing that Mason would soon ap
pear on the scene, so he laid his plans
accordingly.
Detectives Fogarty and Stripp were
detailed to shadow the place. Presents
ly "Red" Spencer appeared. He was
but a few days out of prison. The
former convicts were shadowed to the
West Shore depot ferry, at the foot of
West Forty-second street. The officers
on duty there were quietly instructed
to "lend a hand" and be ready for ac
tion.
Mason drew his gun. Fogarty's thumb
flashed between the hammer and the
cartridge at the instant Mason was
pulling the trigger.
merely to show that there is no connec
tion Jietween him and the coin. Imme
diately the larger glass is removed and
he waves his hands over the smailer
one. The response is marvelous. The
silver coin hesitates but a moment.
Then it quivers slightly, leaves its
place under the water and slides up the
inside of the glass until it reaches the
top and topples into hia hand.
A cigarette or cigar ia laid on the
table and slid clear across it.
A half-dollar laid on a spectator's
hand, next to the wrist, crawls over
the length of tho hand and drops Into
his hand at his bidding 1 .
Most of the tricks rolato to tho mys
terious power of moving ismall llsht
objects, weighing less than four ouneos,
CALLED THE "HOST DANGEROUS OF CRIMINALS."
"Big Biff" Mason, Captured at Last After Committing Aff Sorts of Crimes
From New YorK to San Francisco.
A hair's breadth of time in Mason's
favor would have sent the bullet
through the detective's brain. Then
followed a desperate hand to hand
struggle. Mason had sworn an oath as
big as a street car that never, never on
this round globe would he be taken
alive by any man in brass buttons and
blue uniform. The robbers — all desper
ate devils, all powerful athletes, seeing
Sing Sing and perhaps the electric
chair yawning for them — fought like
tigers. But the detectives w^re a whole
menagerie of wild beasts of strength
and ferocity. For a few minutes the
situation was serious and desperate.
The detectives, however, knew all the
tricks, and landed blows where they
would paralyze most men. Presently
the robbers were hammered into rea
son, collared and handcuffed.
It was one of the three great fights
of the year— Dewey, Schley and the
New York detectives— all for law and
order. The bandits, whose hands are
red with crime, were caged behind steel
bars and under thick walls in the dun
geons at police headquarters.
They remained silent and sullen.
They know exactly what to do and
what to say; that is, when the time
comes. Until then you will get nothing
from them.
According to the detectives, these
men are the most dangerous criminals
of recent years. They would as soon
shoot a man as rob his house or
strangle his wife.
Mason is a unique figure in the army
of crime. He occupies no second place.
He is general in chief. He fears noth
ing and a ton years' sentence in State
prison i 3 but a morning's incident in
his calculations.
At police headquarters, in the pri
vate office of Chief McClusky, the im
plements of their trade were displayed
on a table. A child could have carried
the entire arsenal of the murderous
gang.
A bit of iron no larger than one's lit
tle finger, and only a foot long, is a
jimmy for opening the strongest win
dow. A larger instrument, exactly like
it, which a man could hide up his
sleeve, would force a locked oaken bank
door from its binges,
A pair of twisted drills of the finest
Sheffield steel lay beside the Jimmies
and the pistols. The detective pointed
to an old-fashioned bit brace, which
never cost more than 40 cents. It was
cheap, he said, but it did their work
well.
The drills were a different breed of
ducks. They were the highest-grade
tools that experts have yet devised.
"With these drills and the old bit brace
Mason or any of his gang could bore
a hole in any bank safe.
It was not a roll of putty of the size
of an egg and about as long that lay
on the table, wrapped in paper, but it
looked like putty.
It was soft, pasty dynamite.
"It's enough to blow up a building,"
paid Detective Sergeant Sheridan, the
custodian of the records of the office.
"A mite of this paste inserted in the
little finger of a lady's kid glove, and
the little finger with the paste inside it
inserted In the hole drilled into the
safe, will blow off the steel door, when
exploded by a lighted fuse.
"The thieves understood their busi
ness. .They were afraid of nothing, and
it is a big thing for the country that
they have been captured and caged to
await a long sentence to Sing Sing. The
prison is hungry for the blood-stained
robbers."
New facts in the history ot Mason
are coming to light daily since his re
cent arrest. His real name is Benja
min Lippy; he was born at Carondelet,
near St. Louis. The gold fever took him
to the Paciilc Coast when a young man,
where he is credited with doing a slick
job or two in and around San Fran
cisco. He made the acquaintance of
train robbers and began a wild career.
Originally he was a carriage painter
and decorated many a coach for the old
French families of Carondelet. T ike
many of the Western quick shooters
he has a sickly look, which is increased
by high cheekbones and a cadaverous
appearance, but he is all muscle and
the skin on his neck would make a
valise.
Captain McClusky said:
"I consider Bill Mason n menace to
civilization when he is loose. The pub
lic have no idea of his abilities as a
robber and murderer. Notwithstanding
what has been said he seldom works
alone. No pal has dared to go back
on him to any serious extent.
"Many fine residences along the At
lantic coast, around Newport. Boston,
Philadelphia and other cities, have been
robbed by this chief of burglars. In
nearly every prominent town agents
work for him.
"Plans of houses are obtained, with
details of the arrangement of the fur
niture in the principal rooms. Hiding
places and secret drawers for valuables
are Obtained through servants and oth
ers having access to the premises. The
habits of families are noted and visits
made during the dinner or supper hour,
but the Ideal time for a burgiar is just
before daylight, when sleep is supposed
to be soundest.
and to the selection of : cards. . . . '- .4. 4
; ; The "psychic power" and all r such '. ex
planations are ; reduced to one: .T. T V'A' hu
man i hair and a small bit of shoe
maker's wax. '.:.'> '''■- :[,'/. ['.:. " '. I
Usually the performer has V several
:of •; these < long : halra ;■• stuck - about his
. person,", but ?. the \ cleverer » the 3 performer
• the , fewer of i these %he will r, have. x - j "■ \To
; each end ; of- the hair a tip of , shoe
maker's ; wax : is % fnHtoned. •;;,'. One ; piece
of •; the wax serves ■: to i hold . the : hair ' to
tho v . performer's ■ clothing >i and^kcop '•■ it
; within reach. Tho other piece la loft
free to attach' to; tho dcr.lrcd object and
Rive ■; it ' the "-. necessary ; "psychic ;- force.!'
; To 'l move a clear, coin ?or 'card '.by
"psychic" •; or any^o th'cV. kind of : mya ter
ioue force, ask a spectator for tho loan
"With a plan of the house clearly in
his mind Mason enters and begins oper
ations at once. He relies only on his
wits and his 38-caliber' revolver. He
never carries a dark lantern, nor does
he wear a mask; but he has a habit of
partially covering his face with his left
arm, so that his identity is c6ncealed.
The inmate is warned that he will be
shot at the first movement or outcry.
Mason always keeps his word when he
promises to shoot. He is different from
other men and dangerous when at
large."
Mason, in reply to a question, said:
"I deny murdering Librarian Wilson in
Philadelphia. He was hammered on
the head to his death. Work like that
is brutal. lam never brutal.
"When it comes to using a gun I al
ways give the other man the best of
it. I tell him to throw up his hands or
I'll shoot; that if he shoc-ts and doesn't
kill me I will kill him.
"In the last run I had with a man I
offered him the same terms — told him
CHANCES FOR AMERICAN
TRADE WITH THE ORIENT
BY WU TING FANG, Chinese Minister at Washington.
WASHIIs'GTON, July IS.— Wu Ting-Fang, Chinese Minister to United
States, is a wonderfully interesting man. With the exception of LI
Hung Chang he is doubtless the ablest and most progressive states
man of Celestial origin who has ever visited this country. For that
matter he is more closely in touch with European and American hab
its of thought than Li Hung Chang himself. He speaks the English
language with a faultlessness of accent and of idiom of which many a native
born American might envy and which is equaled by no other Chinese public
man. He is familiar with American and European politics and business. He can
make as appropriate and effective after-dinner speeches as Speaker Reed or
Chauncey Depew. Minister Wu was educated in England and was the first ( hi
nese gentleman who ever became an E.iglish barrister. He visited the LniteU
States in 1577 and then returned to Hongkong, where he established himself as
a barrister After six years of practice he was appointed legal adviser to U
Hung Chang and deputy for foreign affairs in Tientsin. It was his great distinc
tion too to have built the first railroad in China, having been the prcmot3r and
first' director of the Kai Ping Railway Company. He was First Secretary of Em
bassy in the peace mission to* Japan in 1&95, and was plenipotentiary for the pur
pose of exchanging ratifications for the treaty of peace. In the meantime he had
bf-en appointed chief director of the Tientsin University, which was established
in 1895 In 1597 he was appointed to his present post. He is accredited as Envoy
Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary not only to the Government of the
United States but also to Spain ami Peru. He resides the greater part of the
year in Washington and directs from here the affairs of the legations at .Madrid
and Lima. The wife of Minister Wu is a woman of rare intelligence, who, like
him has made a study of the English language. Ills children are bright young
sters who have their English gov( rne^s and who play up and down the iui'is of
the legation with the abandon and bnisterousness of American boys. As v Chi-.
nese statesman he naturally looks with keenest interest upon the part in Oii
ental politics which America seems likely to play.
THE prospects for the extension
of American trade with China
are excellent just at the present
time. The material awakening
of the empire is just beginning,
and the volume of foreign trade and of
domestic improvements, which will de
pend largely on foreign enterprise, is
bound to increase with wonderful rap
idity for the next few decades. The
prejudice of the inhabitants of China
against the building of railroads, tele
graphs and telephones, and, I may say,
a hundred other things that vjould
cause her to lose step in the march of
modern civilization, is finally disap
pearing.
Thus you can see at once what a
large field is opened for shrewd, ener
getic Americans who know an advan
tage when they see it, and are quick
to grasp it when presented. If the Chi
nese exclusion act were repealed by
this or the next Congress the people
of the United States would be still more
benefited. It is hardly necessary to ar
gue a point like this; it is a self-evi
dent proposition.
Then, there is no prejudice against
American goods, nor any preference for
goo :1s of other nations to interfere with
the expansion of trade with the United
States. On the contrary, certain sta
ples produced by the United States
have almost the entire field.
Take, for instance, kerosene oil,
matches, American flour, and Ameri
lcan cutton cloth. The trade in Ameri
can flour is simply immense. No other
country seems able to cope with the
United States in these articles with
my people. The Chinese will take any
thing which is cheap and good. And
in this connection I may be pardoned.
I hope, if I make a suggestion— that
the manufacturers of the United States
study more closely the local wants of
the people of China. There are many
ways of doing this. One proposition
that Btrlkea my fancy strongly is the
one advanced recently by the Phila
delphia Museum. This institution has
appointed a commission of skilled men
to visit China and learn by actual ob
servation the exact local wants of the
people. Of course, my Government will
heartily welcome this commission and
will give them every opportunity for
gaining the information desired. Hay
of a cigar or coin. Lny it on a table
or any other desired place and while
so passing it attach one end of the hair
by the affixed wax. the other end be
ing, of course, still attached to your
person. Make a few passes with the
hands over the object to convey the
impression that you are filling it with
magnetism; then gradually draw away
The object will follow you If the hair
and wax attend to their end of the
business.
Some fifteen years r»~o .'.'tha coin-ln-a
£lan3" trick a\t.b :. much more cleverly
i done ;by a woll known magician. Two
halro wore attached . tc the coin when
;it drooped in th* : ;glaea:of; water,
a chort and a long- one. The glass was
then 'covered with a Handkerchief.
if he shot and missed I'd put a bullet
through him. He weakened and didn't
shoot, so I escaped with the silver.
"I have never had business with
thieves when I didn't get the worst of
it. I am better off when working alone
[meaning the division of the spoils],
yet my 'pals' always make me custo
dian of the spoils. Never have I
wronged any man in a division of the
stuff.
"I realized the importance of getting
away the other day. I knew our cap
ture meant practically a life sentence."
(Mason owes seven years in the Michi
gan City Prison and the authorities will
add ten more to the term for his get
ting away, giving him a to-tal sentence
of seventeen years.)
A new incident in Mason's career has
just come to light. After the Pittsfleld
robbery he and his pal, Moore, were
sentenced to prison. Moore was par
doned. Then Mason's wits served him
a wonderful turn of fortune.
He- planned for a pardon, but had no
ing learned what is most wanted by
practical observation American manu
facturers will no longer do business in
the dark.
If they have the enterprise, as they
surely will when they learn of the o-p
portunity, to seize upon this great field,
their rewards will be proportionately
great. China is ready to welcome the
United States as a peaceful neighbor
and commercial friend. Among the in
telligent public men of the Chinese Em
pire there is absolutely no prejudice
against America. On the contrary,
there is a strong desire for the friend
ship of this great republic, and ad
miratic,-n for Yankee ingenuity and* in
ventive genius is quite as pronounced
there as in any other part of the world.
I repeat what I said at the beginning of
this interview — repeal the exclusion
act, which will restore the good will
that existed between China and the
United States previous to the adoption
of that act, and the trade between the
two countries will increase to enormous
proportions.
What has China done, or what have
Chinese merchants done, to encourage
trade with the United States?
That is a difficult question for me to
answer. "You will understand, however,
that when a people are legislated
against as the natives of China have
been, the mercantile interests have not
the opportunity or the zeal to encour
age trade as they would if condi
tions were different. A nation is
very much like an individual. A man
trades where he is best treated. This
is human nature the world over, not
excepting China. I live in hope that
whatever may be the differences be
tween the two countries they will dis
appear. China desires to hold friendly
relations with all the world, and par
ticularly with the United States.
The commercial relations between the
Chinese empire and the Philippines are
very great. You will appreciate this
more strongly when I say that over
100,000 Chinese inhabit these islands.
Steamers run continually back and
forth between Honkong and other Chi
nese ports and Manila, exchanging the
products of the two countries. China
has. as you will see. a direct Interest
in the Philippines. Many of the isl
ands were settled by the Chinese, who
have, as a matter of course, added
greatly in their development. It is as
if a few thousand or more Americans
When the performer lifted this hand
kerchief the short hair began to lift
the coin and follow at a distance of six
inches from the linen. While the spec
tators were puzzling over this the per
former broke the short hair and the
coin apparently dropped away. But the
performer always quickly recalled it be
fore it reached the end of the long h^iir.
Then, as the handkerchief was slowly
waved through the air, the coin under
"psychic power" followed it at a dis
tance of several feet.
idea that he would succeed. ...
He wrote a letter to Governor Flower
that Moore had been released, although
an ex-convict, while Ke— Mason— who
hud never been proved an ex-convict,
was still: kept in jail.
His shrewd reasoning was approved
by Governor Flower, and he pardoned
him. . ■ ■ • • • .-■■'■■ ,  ■
It has also just been discovered that
while he was in Sing Sing at that par
ticular time Mason tried to escape. He
got out of the prison, but was captured
on the roof of.-: an extension of the
buildings and was returned to his. cell.
This lost him all his "good time."
But Governor ' Flower's [pardon fully
■ made up for it, gaining for him two
years ; and ten months of liberty. The
general opinion among the. police has
always been that it was his good con
-duct that caused his early release from
A requisition from Philadelphia now
takes him to Pennsylvania tor trial for
dark crimes alleged. - : .
. - . ■"?-• i ''••'■ i IVi I'LL A A. -'AJ-'^L. .X. .L.' A ■
++ + +■♦♦ + ♦♦♦♦♦ + +>'.+ +
had emigrated to some islands off the
Atlantic or Pacific coast and there
built up a remunerative trade with
their mother country. The maternal
: instinct ought to be as strong in na
tions as in individuals. The mother
cannot forget the child she has borne
and reared through .much suffering.. I
say this merely to illustrate how we
feel toward those of our own blood on
these, islands. ♦ _. 
"Would the possession of the Philip
pines by the United States help to en
large our trade, with China and other
eastern countries and how? . •
This would seem to be the natural
effect of such a* Situation, but to answer
this question in its full significance will
require time, and the t ! -ne has not yet
arrived when the nuestion can be an
swered properly. In "general, of course,
wider interests mean wider trade, but
the old saw, "Never cross a bridge until
you come to it," may well apply to this
■ case. . •„ .•
To appreciate the recent progress of
China in a material way one must
•thoroughly understand the Chinese
character. China to the world at large
is an unknown land. Notwithstanding
all that has been said and written the
Chinese are a very practical people.
They are not movtJ with the fiery
energy of the Anglo-Saxon. They go
slow and hold to the things they have.
Time was when the masses opposed
with a spirit even of fanaticism all in
ternal improvements. That spirit only
exists now in isolated instances. Re
forms are now welcomed as never be
fore. The people are seized with the
spirit of progress. We are a nation of
four hundred millions. ' As it is a law
of nature that large bodies shall move
slowly China is not to be judged in her
forward movement with a smaller na
tion. Nevertheless we are moving for
ward.
The genius of China is not In the line
of the acquisition of territory. Were
she circumscribed in. territory* perhaps
her ambition might be for more. It has
been said of her by Lord Wolseley, that
in time she will overrun the world with
her millions of inhabitants. No one need
fear such a result. Genghis Khan is
pointed to as a bright exemplar of what
the Chinaman will do when he once
sets about it. But that illustrious war
rior was a Mongol. Now the Chinese
are not Mongols, in the proper sense of
the "word, although the masses of man
kind so believe. The Chinese are a dis
tinct, race altogether. No, we shall be
satisfied if we are let alone and al
lowed to work out our destiny as a na
tion in our own way. That way may
not be the way of the European or
American; but it is the way best suit
ed to the peculiar nature of the race
or races which inhabit what is known
as China,
A national awakening is already go
ing on. Some years ago a Chinese dip
lomat in Great Britain wrote an article
which excited much discussion in
America and on the continent, the
opening sentence of which was, 'China
awake!' That watchword is on the lips
of millions to-day, although when it
was uttered it sounded like a discord
ant note. China is awake. It is no
small task to lift a nation to the plane
of the high ideals of her wise men.
But when a people once awake to the
dangers which surround them they
make rapid progress. China is not in
such an advanced stage of decomposi
tion as some affect to Delieye. Aroused
as she now is to her niaterial interests
her future is secure.
Of course the mystery of these tricks
is greatly increased by deft finger and
hand manipulations of the performers.
Amateur performers frequently con
tent themselves with performing these
hair tricks by simply making the ob
jects move in one direction, toward
themselves, and never trying to move
anything heavier than four ounces, the
limit of strength of the hair of a wo
man's head. By practice both of these
may be so modified as to escape the at
tention of the spectator.Years ago Ah Fong came
to the islands a poor trader.
He quickly amassed a great
fortune and attained wide
influence, married and raided
fifteen children; several of
the daughters have mar
ried prominent Causasians.
One day Ah Fong took his
eldest son and left for China
and there he has remained.
His wife and children were
left in Honolulu in affluent
circumstances.
THE Ah Fong family is unique,
even In the Lotus Land of Ha- .
wail, where the dusky Kanaka
belle marries the blonde scion
of many a proud Saxon house,
. and where various . brunette
beauties can boast of a mixture, of
blood of a complex blending.
. Mr. Ah Fong, a Chinese gentleman
with the. Intelligent face of the higher
Chinese merchant, left China and came
to Honolulu, in search of a. fortune; al
though he found himself in the tropics
he eschewed hammocks and was shy,
"of the seductive siesta. It might even
be said that the seemingly impassive
Mr. Ah Fong hustled. At first he
. opened a small store and was an im
porter, in a modest way, of Chinese
goods. Then he branched out and
went heavily into opium, and he be
gan to be known as a very wealthy
man. ; Later he invested money in a
sugar plantation, and this investment,
too, proved a paying one. Mr. Ah
Fong was also prudent and provident,
and, although hospitable, he was very
different from his Hawaiian brothers
■who lived In the happy, easy to-day,
gave no thought to the morrow and
sold a piece of. land when he wanted
to give a "luau" with attendant hula
and other adjuncts, of a munificence
that comes high.
. Mr. Ah Fong married a girl in Ho
nolulu whose parents were of Hawaiian
■ ?» as* S3 ..K'an.a n & v a nun % *i
ONE day last week Edward Fenn
had about as narrow, an escape
from death as ever mortal man
has had. While out fishing in
a small boat he was attacked
■":*. by an enormous seal that threw
him into the water and deliberately at
:':■". tempted to drown him.
■ '"I don't. .go out., very often," said.
' Fenri, when speaking.of the fight, "but
fishing makes a good change from
hunting, even if ft isn't very exciting.
: "On thismorning 1 rowed out to a
epot over a sunken reef, where I had
often fished before. It, was as pretty
a day as I ever saw. The water .and
eky were blue as fhdigo and. there was
hardly -enough breeze- to ruffle the sur- .
face. There was hardly any swell arid
such a thing as a whljLerap couldn^t be
aeeri; even close up to shore. '• ■
. fl was enjoying myself to the ut
most.. The fish bit fairly well, and
after I had caught a pretty good mess
I laid back in the boat, lit ay pipe' and
didn't cafe whether I ever w*nt aahore
again or hot. • • .
"Once or twice I nearly fell asleep,
but the movement of the boat rocking
with the swell gave me a surlden bump .
that roused me in an instant. After
an hour or so had been spent this way
and it was. getting along toward noon
I thought of going ashore. Then I
concluded that it was too pleasant and
I would wait until the breeze sprang
up.
"So I commenced to doze again. This
time I was awakened by a terrific
splash near by. My first Impression
was that the wind had come. but. on
starting up and looking about I saw
only a round circle of bubbles and
foam about twenty-flve feet off on the
right side.
"What was that?" I thought to my
self, and instinctively I put my hand
down and felt for my revolver that
unintentionally I had brought along.
"Now the anchor was in and 1 would
Boon be ashore. I sat down and started
to pull.
" 'Splash!*
"I looked around quickly.
"Pshaw! it was only a seal. All my
nervousness left me, for I had not the
least Idea that he would attack me.
He was not over ten feet from me and
I could see his eyes and teeth ns he
poked Ills h^ad high above the water,
lie looked at m* am] snapped his Jaws
end then dove beneath the surface Qf
the water.
"Then I started to pu-H ashore, think
ing I had seen the last of Mr. Seal. In
fact I had almost forgotten him before
I had gone 200 feet.
"All at once I thought an earthquake
had struok me. My boat was boosted
high in the air at the stern and came
down on the water again with a loud
nplaflh. Almost instantly this was re
peated and then before I could realize
what had happened I saw the seal pok
ing his head over the side of the boat.
He was snapping his jaws and bellow
ing like a whole herd of bulls. His
eyes were cloee to me and I rould feel
his breath as I sat too stunned with
amazement to move.
"For an Instant I was powerless
Then I began to think of the proper
way to kill seals. I had never had the
opportunity before, but I had hunted
Story of the Chinese Croesus of Hawaii
FIVE OF HIS THIRTEEN DAUGHTERS OUT FOR THEIR DAILY DRIVE ALONG THE BOULEVfIRDS OF HONOLULU.
™?.u ortuguese ancestry respectively,
with a dash of English somVwhere in
the remote past, and the couple lived
happily together. Gradually the fam
ily grew until thirteen daughters and
two sons clustered about the Ah Fong
knee. Mr. Ah Fong built a beautiful
home on Xuuanu avenue, the most pic
turesque portion of Honolulu, with its
palm lined roads and wealth of tropi
cal foliage. The house was large; it
had reason to be, for although the fam
ily was united in love, it was neces
sarily divided by its numbers. The
house wss very handsome, of the Pa
goda form of architecture; there were
two stories and each had a veranda
running about it with pointed effects,
suggestive of China, and very differ
ent from the ordinary lanai of its
neighbors.
The Ah Fongs had a carriage and a
Chinese coachman. Mr. Ah Fong sat
in the back seat when being driven to
the wharf for a first call on a newly
arrived man-of-war, or other formal
function. At other times he sat by the
coachman, and to the uneducated
American eye this was disastrous, al
though with familiarity came the
knowledge of a distinction; the coach
man sometimes did up his cue. and
Mr. Ah Fong's was always left hang
ing.
Mr. Ah Fonsr's affairs prospered. He
was lucky and he was wise. He was
respected among the merchants of for
eign birth and looked up to by his own
countrymen. He employed one of the
FIGHT BETWEEN A HUNTER AND A SAVAGE SEAL
THE SEAL POKED HIS HEAD OVER THE SIDE OF THE TIPPING BOAT. HE WAS SNAPPING H*S JAWS AND BELLOW
ING LIKE A WHOLE HERD OF BULLS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1898.
best lawyers and he had the caution
and calm judgment of hi? race, joined
with their indomitable energy and per
severance. And he began to send
money to China.
He bought a summer place for his
family at Waikiki, where the surf
rolled up to his door, and where could
be found any attraction that might be
lacking in his city house. And Mr.
Ah Fong was recognized as one of the
wealthy men of Honolulu.
Then, one morning, the Isles of Ha
waii awoke and they learned that Mr.
Ah Fong was to be known no more
forever In the land where he had ac
quired wealth and position — not ■to
speak of family. He had taken his
oldest son and returned to the land of
his forefathers; to the fortune he had
sent before him, and — Hawaii whis
pered —to another family, which was
"though lost to eight, to memory dear,"
after the manner of the Orient.
And Mrs. Ah Fong pursued the even
tenor of her ways; she smiled as pla
cidly, brought up her daughters as ad
mirably, kept open house as hospita
bly and spent the Ah Fong money, set
tled upon her, as judiciously. As the
girls grew up they were brought out
in turn, and it was a remarkable fact
that never a word was said against one
of them, in spite of their number and
in a place where the half whites or
Havvaiians were so often open to sus
picion, and often the subject of gos
sip. The girls would drive to the open
air band concepts Saturday afternoons,
the carriage filled to overflowing and
looking like an animated, brightly col
ored bouquet, its load of occupants gay
with their vivid pink, blue, green and
yellow saßhes and ribbons; for the Ah
Fong girls did not care for pale col
ors. Their pinks were all magentas
and their reds of scarlet hue.
And the Ah Fong name became
Afong.
The naval officer was sure of a
hearty reception and an appreciative
audience in the Afong mansion; in fact,
the family kept open house and the of
ficers were welcome to breakfast,
lunch or dinner — or, if between meals,
to cooling drinks, cigars and always
warm-hearted cordiality. There was
sure to be a certain coterie of officers
on each ship that were at home in
the Afong house, devoted themselves to
the Afong girls at dances and escorted
them to teas, tennis, or wherever it
might be.
They were a nice, unaffected, jolly
set of girls, admirably brought up, with
well-bred manners, always ladylike and
not at all boisterous or hoydenish.
Marie, one of the older daughters,
played the ukulele and sang fetching
Hawaiian songs and she was always
in demand for moonlight boating par
ties; the others were variously attrac
tive by reason of youth and a warmth
of hospitality Imbibed from the islands
and alluring to the stranger.
The Afong girls were not beauties,
but they were petite of figure and pi
quant of feature. They had not the
brightness and quickness of the Amer
ican girl. They were just pliable, am
iable, docile, well mannered and good
natured young women. They never
took exception at fancied slights. Their
position was assured, as far as it went,
and they did not seek to penetrate into
the most intimate daily life of the "old
families," or the fashionable new ones.
They went to all the larger entertain
ments, and if they were not bidden to
exclusive lunches, dinners or other
smaller functions it did not seem to
trouble their girlish hearts.
None the less, It was an eye opener
to all the easy-going Isles of Hawaii,
to conservative naval circles, and to
Captain Whiting's friends, when Etta,
a round-faced, pink-cheeked, almond
eyed bud of seventeen, just out of
school, met and conquered the able
officer, gray-haired man .of the world,
and traveled gentleman, Captain Whit-
Ing.
Several of the Afong girls had mar
ried by this time; one was the wife of
J. Alfred Magoon, an auctioneer, who
had settled in Honolulu; the eldest
married Mr. McStoeker, a dry goods
merchant, and the younger one was
married to a dentist named Hutchin
son, and left Honolulu with her hus
band for a time. This was an unhappy
match, however, and Mrs. Hutchinson
procured a divorce and returned to
her home alone. She has since become
engaged to the doctor on a man-of
war recently in Honolulu.
Marie Afong, who was perhaps the
brightest of all the girls, married a
Hawaii
young lawyer named
Humphries, a new
jomer In Honolulu.
All fair matches
from .a wordly point
Df view, but upon
Etta's young brow
rested the laurel
wreath; she was to
marry in the nayy — and a commander
at that. Speculation was rife as to the
ultimate effect of this match on Cap
tain Whiting's position in the navy,
while it was openly wondered if Mrs.
Whiting's lot would be a happy one
when she found herself transported to
some naval station, where her ancestry
was not the accepted old story that it
had become in the land of her birth.
And it was remarked that after the
marriage the choice naval stations did
not seem to come Into Captain Whit
ing's way, as they had heretofore.
But they were content for all that.
Captain Whiting's devotion to his
young wife was unmistakable, and she
proved a nice, good, little helpmate to
him. Their small daughter, not yet
three years old, is the pride of the cap
tain's heart, and all went well in the
Whiting family. Then the villain,
without whom no romantically happy
couple can do, appeared upon the scene
in the nerson of Paymaster Wilcox.
But the tropics is no place for a trag
edy, so the curtain will fall upon his
discomfiture and the Whitings will live
happily forever after.
There are plenty of Afong girls still
left unmarried to gladden the hearts
23
and homes of plently of youth an 4
chivalry. . '.
In the preparations to welcome our
"Boys' in Blue" they have each taken
$. prominent part, and who knows how
many more Afong rirls will, in the fu
ture, say through the Golden .Gate to
look for the hospitality here that they
have always been ready to accord the
stranger in their tropical home.
At a dinner given in honor of the
Monadnock's officers by J. R. Burns
at the Royal Hawaiian Hotel, Mr. Wil
cox, while flushed with wine, spoke dis
paragingly of the Ah Fong family, and
especially of Captain Whiting's wife,
who was a Miss Ah Fong. He went so
far as to charge Mrs. Whiting with
having addressed him (Wilcox) in lan
guage such as no lady would utter.
The conduct of his subordinate was
reported to Captain Whiting, and for a
time it was thought that a duel be
tween the men was unavoidable. The
counsel of friends prevailed, and the
monitor's commander was induced to
give the paymaster a chance to resign
from the service. Should Wilcox not
do so, charges of drunkenness and con
duct unbecoming a gentleman will be
preferred against him.
- - __ _ — » **m *--m \sm \jw vw UW \JW I* UW
enough to know how to tackle any ani
mal of his size and style of fighting.
' I reached for my revolver", but before
I could touch it the seal gave a splash
and flopped onto the boat, upsetting it
and throwing me into the wa-ter. - i
"I came up gasping for breath and
instinctively I began to fight" for my
life. I am. a fine swimmer a"nd- diver
or I wouldn't be here to-day. I made
up my .mind to swim ashore if the seal
would let me alone. .1 felt sure I could
put a few holes into him if he Inter
fered.,-- •
 -. "But Mr. . Seal was bent on a fight
and he made at me. I pulled my re
volver and shot him in the neck, but
he only bellowed and came at me with
gaping jaws. V/hen ten feet away he
made a dive and came up just behind
me, seizing me by the shirt just back
of the left shoulder/ Fortunately he
didn't get ahold of any of my bones.
"Down the big fellow went, taking
me with him as easily as if I were a
shrimp. I had kept my eyes open
and could look up through the blue
water and' see the > sun gleaming
through. All at once we touched bot
tom. 1 wondered If the seal intended
to ho!d me there until I . was drowned.
I made up my mind to hold my breath
as long as possible. It seems now as
if it must have been ages, but I sup
pose it was only a few moments. Then,
to my surprise, the seal came to the
top, when I took in a good long breath
before I even ' thought of anything else.
"Then I ' saw what was the matter
with the seal. The blood was flowing
in a stream from the wound in his
neck. Evidently my first bullet had
interfered with his breathing appar
atus. This gave me hope and instinc
tively I took a firmer clutch on my re
volver and was glad that it was a Colt
44, and hoped the water would not hurt
the cartridges. I now felt that I had
a show. -
"After a moment down we went
again, but this time I had my senses
about me and began punching my an
tagonist in the neck with the muzzle
of my revolver.
"He did not expect this nor like It
either, for he let go his hold and I shot
up to the surface. He followed and
grabbed me again.
"This time, however, he grabbed my
shirt under the left arm. leaving my
right free and in a position where I
could use it.
"There waa another short dive, and
when we came to the top apain I
watched for my chance. I was in
hopes that the seal would drop me. but
he didn't. He only took a firmer grip,
drew in a longer breath and seemed
to have marie un his mind to go below
again. But I stopped him short. I put
the revolver close to where T thought
the seal's ear ought' to.be. Then, be
fore I could pull the trigger, we both
rolled over in the water apain and I
got a mouthful of brine that pretty
nearly ehokpd me.
"Apain my chance came and when my
revolver cracked it almost deafened
me. But the seal let go his hold and
rolled over in the water like a log. In
a moment he sank to the bottom and
I was safe, except for the fact that I
was several hundred feet from shore
and quite tired from my ducking. But
I managed to get ashore somehow."24
THE CAPTAIN HUNG ON HOUR AFTER HOUR UNDER
THE SHELTER OF THE DODGERS.
Copyright, IS9S, by Cutllffe Hyne.
CAPTAIN OWEN KETTLE folded the letter card,
put it in. his pocket and relit his cigar. He drew
paper tcwMro" him and took out a stub of pencil ani
tried to ni'ke verse which was Ms habit when
tilings were shaping fhemselves awry; but the
rhymes refused to come. He changed the meter;
he gave. up laboring to fit words to the a:r of "Suwaneo
River," and started fresh Itnea which would go to the
tune of "Greenland's Icy Mountains," a meter with
which he had at other times been notoriously successful.
But it failed him now. He could , not get the jingle; spare
feet bristled at every .turn; and the field of puppies on
which his muse was engaged became every moment more
and more elusive; ■
It was no 'use. .He put down the pencil and sighed;
and then frowning at himself for his Indecision, took out
the letter-card again and deliberately reread It, front
and buck.
Captain Kettle was a man who made up his mind over
most matters with the. quickness of a pistol shot, and
once settled, rightly or wrongly, he always stuck to his
decision. But here, on the letter card, was a matter ho
could not get .the balance of at till; it refused to be dis
missed, even temporarily, from his mind; it Involved In
terests far too large to be hazarded by a hasty verdict
either one way or the other and. the difllculty in coming
to any satisfactory conclusion irritated him heavily.
The letter-card was anonymous, and seemed 10 pre
sent no clew to Its authorship. It was typewritten; It was
pitted, as the stamp showed, in Newcastle; it committed
its writer in no degree whatever. But it made statements
which, if true, ought to have sent sumermdy to penal
servitude, and it threw out hints, whether true or untrue,
that made Captain Kettle heir to a whole world of anxiety
and trouble.
It is an excellent academic rule to entirely disregard
anonymous letters, but it is by no means always an easy
rule to follow. And there are times when a friendly
warning must be conveyed anonymously, or no; at all.
But Kettle did not worry himself about the ethh - "f
anonymous letter Writing as a profession; his atti
was taken up by this typewritten card for Well Wisher,
which he held in his hand.
.. "Your ship goes to sea never to reach port," he
nail. "There is an insurance robbery cleverly rig
ged. You think yourself very smart, I know, but
.this time you are being made a common gull of."
And the writer wound up by saying: "I can t give
you any hint of how it's going to be aone. OnTy I
know trie -game Is fixed. So keep your weather eye
skinned, and take the Sultan of Labuan safely nut
and haclc, and maybe you'll get something more
■' . solid than. a drink. From
'•YOUR WELT. WISHER."
Kettle crammed the blue letter-card into his
pocket and took his cap. "My^dear," he called down to
. Mrs. Kettle, who was engaged on the family wash in the
kitch.eo bel(.w, "I've got to run up to the office to see Mr.
<sedge. ■ I don't think I quite understand his wishes about
running .the boat. Get your tea when it's ready; 1 don't
want to keen you and th-e youngsters w.niting. "
Captain^ Kettle thought out many things as he Jour
neyed from South Shields to the grimy oincc of his em
ployer in Newcastle, but his data were insufficient, and
he was unable to get hold of any scheme by which he
could -safely appioach what was. to say the very least of
It, a very delicate subject. Mr. Gedge had hired him as
captain. of the Sultan of Labuan; had said no word about
losing her. and how was he to force the man's confidence?
It looked th& most unpromising enterprise In the world.
Moreover, although in the outer world he was us brave a
fellow as ever lived, he had all a shipmaster's timidity at
■tackling a shipowner In his lair, and this, of course, han
dicapped him.
In this mood, then, h» was ushered upon Gedge in his
office, and saw him signing letters, and casting occasional
sentences to a young woman, who flicked them down In
shorthand.
The. shipowner frowned. He was very busy. "Well,
captain." be said, "what is It? Talk ahead. I can listen
whilst I sign these letters."
"It's a private- question- Id like to ask you about run
ning the boat."
"Want Miss Payne to go out?"
"If I might trouble her so far."
Gedge jerked his head toward the door. "Type out
what you've got," he said. The shorthand writer went
out and closed the glass door after her. "Now, Kettle."
Captain Kettle hesitated. It was an awkward subject
to begin upon.
"N.i\v, then, captain, out with it, quick. I'm in the
devil of a hurry."
"I wish you'd let me know a little more exactly— ln on
fidence, of course — how you wish me to run this steamer.
Do you want me to— l mean—"
"Well, get on, eet on."
""When do you want her back?"
Gedge leaned back in his chair, tapped his teeth with
the end of. his pen. "Look here, captain, " ne said, "you
didn't come here to talk rot like this. You've had your or
ders already. ■ You aren't a drinking man, or I'd say you
were screwed. So there's something else behind. Come,
out with it."
"I hardly know how to begin."
"I don't want rhetoric. 1/ you've gt>t a tale, tell it, If
not"— Mr. Gedge leaner! his desk again and went on
signing, his letters.
Captain Kettle stood ..,<-• rudeness without so much as
a flush. He sighed a little, and then, after' another few
moments' thought. -took the letter-card from his pocket
and laid It on his employer's- table. After Gedge had
conned through and signed a couple mare sheets, he took
the card up In tns fingers and skimmed it trough.
As he read the color deepened In his face, and Kettle
saw that he was moved, but said nothing. For a moment
there was silence between them, and Gedge tapped at his
teeth and was apparently lost in thought. Then he said:
""Whe're did you get this?"
"Through the post." . ■
"And why did you bring it to me?"
"I thought you-might have something. to say about It."
■*ShOWTi It to any one else?*'.
"X". sir; I'm In your service and earning your pny."
"Yes. I pulled ym; out of the gutter again quite re
' cently. and you said you'd be able to get your wife's
clothes out of pawn with your advance note."
"I'm very grateful to you for giving me The berth, sir;
and I shall be ,n faithful servant to you as long as I'm in
. your employ. Tint if there's anything on I'd like to be in
your confidence. I know she isn't an old snip, but — "
"But what?"
"She's uneconomical. Her engines are old-fashioned.
It wouldn't pay to fit her with triple-expansions and new
boilers."
"I see. You anp>ar to know a lot abrut the ship, cap
tain, more than I do myself, in fact. I know you're a
■mall tin saint when you're within hail of that Ebenezer
or Bethel or whatever you call It here ashore; but at sea
you've got the iarap for not boing over particular."
"At f=ea." sad the little sullor with a sign, "'I nm what
I have to be. But I couldn't do that. I'm a poor man,
Fir; I'm nrettv nearly a desperate man: but tliere ari>
some kind of things that are beyond me. t know it's done
often enough, hut— you'll have to excuse me. I can't lose
her for you." ,
"Who's asking you?" said Gedge cheerily. "I'm not.
Don't Jrrrp at concJusione. man. I don't want the Sultan
of Labunn lost. She's not my best ship. I'll Brant, hut I
can rv.n h. r at a profit for all that, and evr-n if I couldn't
AVOIDING UNPLEASANT COMPANY.
"Why. do you look bo pleasant all the time?"
"There'e «ueh a crowd of amateur photographers
•round here that you never can be sure for a moment
that you're not being taken!"— Fliegende Blaetter.
MR. GEORGE`S CATSPAW
Adventures of Capt. Kettle
I'm not the sort of man to try and make my dividends out
of Lloyds'. No. not by any means, captain; I've got my
name to keep up."
Captain Kettle brought up a sigh of relief. "Glad to
hear it, sir; I'm glad to hear It. Hut I thougnt it best to
have it out with you. That beastly letter upset me."
Gedee laughed slyly! "Well, If you want to know who
wrote the letter, I did myself."
Kettle stared. He was obviously Incredulous.
"Well, to be accurate, I did it by deputy. You hae yer
doots, eh? Hang it, man, what an unbelieving Jew you
are." He pressed one of the electric pushes by the side of
hia desk, and the shorthand writer came In and stood at
the doorway. "M:sh Payne, you typed this letter card,
didn't you?" and Miss Payne dutifully answered, "Yes."
"Tha.uk you. That'll do. Well, Kettle, I hope you're
satisfied now? I sent this blessed card because I wanted
to Fee how deep this shore-going honesty of yours went,
which I've heard so much about; and now I know, and
you may take it from me that you'll profit rrom it finan
cially In the very near future. The shipmasters I've had
to do with have been mostly rogues, and when I get hold
of a straight man, I know now to appreciate him. Now,
jrood-by. captain, and a prosperous voyage to you. If you
catch the midnight mail to-night from horc you'll just get
down to Newport to-morrow in time to Bee her come into
dock. Take her ov<-r at once, you know; we can't have
any time wasted. Here, good-by. I'm frantically busy."
But, busy though he might be, Mr. Gedge did not imiiie-
CAPTAIN KETTLE REPLIED TO THE FIRST OF THESE COMPLIMENTS BY THREE PROMPT REVOLVER SHOTS
diately return to signing his letters after Captain Kettle's
departure. Instead, he took out a handkerchief and wiped
his forehead and wiped his hands, which for some reason
seemed to have grown unaccountably clammy, and for
awhile he lay back in his writing chair like a man who
feels physically sick.
Captain Kettle, however, went his ways humming a
cheerful air, and as the 12-o'elock mail roured out that
night across the high level bridge, he settled himself to
sleep in his corner of a third-class carriage and to dream
the dreams of a man who, aft-r many vicissitudes, has at
last found righteous employment. It was a new experi
ence for him, and he permitted himself the' luxury of en
joying It to the full.
A train clattered into Monmouthshire some twelve
hours later, and he stepped out on Newport platform into
a fog. raw and fresh from the Bristol channel. His small,
worn portmanteau he could easily have carrier! in his
hand; but there Is an etiquette about these matters which
even the hard-up shipmaster to whom a shilling Is a
financial rarity must observe; and so he took a fonr
wheeler down to the agent's office and made himself
known. The Sultan of Labuan. it seemed, had come up
the Usk and pone into dock barely an hour before, and so
Kettle, obedient to his orders, went down at once to take
her over.
It was not a pleasant operation, this misttng another
man from his livelihood, and as Ketttle had been supplant
ed a weary number of times himself, he thought ho knew
pretty wejj the feelings of the man whom he had come to
replace. His reception, however, surprised him. Williams,
the former master of the Sultan of Labuan. handed over
his charge with an air of obvious and sincere relief, and
Kettle felt that he was being eyed v.ith a certain embar
rassing curiosity. The man was not disposed to bo verbal
ly communicative.
"You look knocked up," said Kettle.
"Might well be." retorted Captain Williams. "I haven't
had a blessed wink of sleep since 1 pulled my anchors out
of Thames mud."
"Not had bad weather, have you?"
"Xo, weather's been right enough. Bit tMcklsh, that's
all."
"What's kept you from having a watch below, then?"
"Traid of losing the ship, captain. I never been up be
fore the Board of Trade yet, and don't want to try what it
feels llk«."
"Oh," said Kettle wiht a sigh. "It's horrible; they're
brutes. I know. I have been there."
"So I might have guessed," said Williams, dryly.
"Look here." said Kettle, "what are you driving at?"
"Don't think you're doing me a bad turn, captain,
because you aren't. I wns never so pleased to step out of
a chart house in my life. Only thing Is. I hope I aren't
doing you a bad turn by letting you step In."
"By James!" said Kettle, "do speak plain, captain;
don't go on hinting like this." *
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1898.
I am maundering on too much, captain, and that's a
ract. Result of being about tired out, I suppose. But you
must excuse me spt-akhiK further; there's that blasted
libel law to think übout. Now, captain, here's the key of
the chart hou.se door, and if you'll let me I'll go out first
and you can lock it behind you. You'll find one of the
tumblers beside the water bottle broken; it fell out of my
hand this morning just after I'd docked her; t>ut all the
rest ia according to Inventory; and I'll knock off three
pence for the tumbler when we square up."
They plunged straightway into the anditlr-s of busi
ness, and kept at it till the captaincy had been formally
laid down and handed over, and then the opportunity for
further revelations was gone. Captain Williams was clear
ly worn out with weariness; responsibility had kept him
going till then, but now that responsibility had ended, he
was like a man in a trance. His eyes drooped; his knees
failed him drunkenly; he was past speech; and if Kettle
had not by main force dragged him off to oed at a tem
perance hotel he would have tumbled down incontinently
a mi] slept like one dead in the gutter. As It was he lay on
the counterpane in the heaviest of sleep, the picture of a
Btrong man worn out with watching and labor, and for a
minute or so Kettle stood beside the bed and gazed upon
him thoughtfully.
"By James!" he muttered, "if I could make you speak,
captain, I believe you could tell a queerisn tale."
But Kettle did not loiter by this taciturn bedside. He
had signed on as master of the Sultan of Labuan; he was
in Mr. Gedge's employ and earning Mr. Gedge's pay, and
every minute wasted on a steamer means money lust. He
went briskly across to the South dock, and set the ma
chinery of business to work without delay. There was
grumbling from both mates, fii^ineers and crew that had
hern given leisure for scarcely a breath of ignore air, but
Kettle was not a man who courted popularity from his
underlings by offering them indulgences. He stated that
their duty was to get tho water ballast out. and the coal
under the hatches In the shortest time on record, and
mentioned that he was the mnn who would see it done.
The men grumbled of course; behind their driver's
back they swore; two deck hands and three or the stoke
hold crew deserted, leaving their Wages, and were re
placed by others from the shipping office; and still the
work went remorselessly on under tho gray glow of the
fog so long as daylight lasted, and then under the glare or
raw electric arc lamps.
Kettle got his clearance papers with trie same fierce,
businesslike bustle, and came back and stepped lightly up
on the tramp's upppor bridge
The pilot was there waiting for him, half admiring,
half repelled: the old blue-faced mate nnd the carpenter
wore on the toflscastle head, the second mate v.as aft, the
chief himself an\the third engineer wen- at the throttle
and the reversing* gear below. The ship's entire comple
ment had quite surrendered to the sway or tnis new task
master, and stood in their coal grime and their tiredness
ready to jump at luh bidding.
Bristol channel tides are high, and the current of the
T'sk is swift. It was going to M quick work If they did
not miss the tide, and the pilot, who had no special stake
in the matter, said it could not be done. Kettle, however,
thought otherwise, and the pilot in consequence saw some
seamanship which gave him chills down tne back.
"By gum, captain," he said, when they were fairly out
of the river, "you can handle her."
"Quartermaster." said Kettle, "tell my steward to
bring two goes of whisky up here on the bridge. Pilot, if
you say such things to me, you make me feel like a girl
with a new dress, and I want a drop of Dutch courage to
keep my blushes back."
'Well," said the pilot, when the whisky came, /'here's
lots of cargo, captain, of good bonuses."
"Here's deep-draft steamers for you, pilot, and plenty
of water under 'em."
The whisky drained down its appointed channels, and
the pilot said: "By the by, I've this for you, captain,"
and Drought out a letter-card.
"Typewritten address," r ; tii<l K> ttle. "No postmarak
on the stamp. Who's it from?"
"Man I came across. Look you, though, I didn't know
him. But he said there was a useful tip in the letter
which it would please you to have after you sailed."
Kettle tore off tho perforated edges aijd looked inside
the card. Here was another anonymous communication,
also from Well Wisher, and, as before, warning him
against the machinations of Gedge. "Got no idea who the
man was who gave it you?" he asked.
"Well. I did have a bit of Uilk with him and a drink,
and I rather gathered he might have had something to
do with insurance. But he didn't say his name. Why,
isn't he a friend of yours?"
"I rather think he is," said Kettle, "but I can't be
quite sure vet." He did not add that the anonymous writ
er guaranteed him a present of £50 if the Sultan of La
buan drew no insurance money till he had moored her in
Port Said.
From the very outset the voyage of the Sultan of La
buan was unpropitious. Before she was clear of the Usk
it was found that three more of her crew had managed
to .slip away ashore and so were gone beyond replace
ment. Whilst she was still in the brown, muady waters of
*the Bristol Channel there were several breakdowns in the
engine room which necessitated stoppages and anxious re
1 airs. The engines of the Sultan of .Labuan were her
Weak spot, for otherwise her hull was sound enough. But
these machines were old and wasteful in steam, and made
ail the difference in economy which divides a profit from
a loss in these modern days of fierce sea competition.
With Murgatroyd, the old blue-faced mate, Kettle had
been shipmates before, and there existed between the two
men a strong dislike, and a. certain mutual esteem. They
interviewed over duty matters when the pilot left. "Mr.
Murgatroyd," said the little skipper, "you'll keep tho
hatches off and do everything for ventilation. This Welsh
coal's us gassy us petroleum."
"Aye, aye, ' rumbled the mate. "But how about when
heavy "weather comes and the decks are full of water?"
"You'll have fresh orders from me before then. Get
your hoses to work now and sluice down. The ship 3 a
"Aye, aye. But the hands are dog tired."
"Then it's your place to drive them. I should have
thought you'd been long enough at sea to know that. But
if you aren't up to your business, just say, and I 11 swap
you over with the second mate right now.
The old mate's face grew purple. "If you want a
driver." he said, "you shall haye ■ one. and with that he
went his way and roused the tired deck hands to work af-
Sr But did not spare Ms crew he was
equally hard on himself. He was at sea now and wearing
his sea-going conscience, which was an entirely different
piece of mental mechanism to that which regulated his
actions ashore. He had received Mr. Gedee s precise in
structions to run the coal boat in the ordinary method.
and ho intended to do it relentlessly and to the letter He
had had his doubts about Mr. Gedge's real wishes before
and even tho episode of Miss Payne, the typewriter had
not altogether deceived him, but the second letter from
"Well Wisher" which the pilot had brought on board
cleared the matter up beyond a doubt. There was not the
faintest chance that Gedge had written that; there was
not the faintest reason to disbelieve now that l»edge
wished his uneconomical steamboat off his hands, and
had arranged for her never aagin to come into port.
Now, properly approached — say with sealed orders to
be opened only at sea— l think there is very little doubt
but what Captain Kettle would have undertaken to carry
out this nefarious piece of business himself. The average
mariner thinks no more of "making the insurance pay"
than the average traveler does of robbing his fellow coun
trymen by the importation of Belgian cigars and Tauch
nitz novels from the channel packet. And with Kettle,
too, loyalty to an employer, so long as that employer
treated him squarely, ranked high. But for a second time
"Well Wisher had repeated the word "catspaw," and for
his purpose ho could not have used a better spur.
The little captain's face grew grim as he read It. "By
James!" he muttored, "if that's the game he's trying to
play, I'll make him rue it."
In due time the Sultan of Labuan had run down the
Cornish coast, had rounded Land's End. and was standing
oft" on a course which would make Finisterre her next
landfall The glass was Inking steadily. The hatches
•w-re off and a good strong smell of coal gas billowed up
from below and mingled with the sea scents.
With all a Northern sailor's distrust for a "Dago,"
Kettio had spotted this spruce young Italian second mate
us Gedge's probable tool, and watched him like the apple
of his eye. No man's actions could have been more inno
cent and normal, and this, of course, made things all the
more suspicious. The engineer staff, who had accesss to
bilge cocks, and could arrange disasters to machinery,
wore likewise ex-ofticio suspicious persona, but as it was
quite Impossible to overlook them at all hours and on all
occasions, he hsul regretfully to tatke them very largely
on trust.
Blundering, incompetent old Murgatroyd, the mate
was the only man on board In whose honesty Kettle had
the least faith, simply because he considered him too stu
pid to be intrusted with any operation so delicate as .bar
ratry, and to Murgatroyd he more or less confided hia in
tentions.
"I hear there's a scheme on board to scuttle this
steamboat," he said, "because she's too expensive to run
Well, Mr. Gedge. the owner, gave me orders to run her'
and he told me he madY a profit on her. lTn going by Mr'
Gedge's words, and I'm going to take her to Port "Said'
And l^t me tell you this: If she stops anywhere on the
road, and goes down, all hands go down with her even if
1 have to shoot them myself. So they'd better hear what's
in the wind, and have a chance to save their own skins
You understand what I mean?"
"Aye," grunted the mate.
"Well, just let a word of it slip out— in the right /wav
you understand." '
"Aye, ay»> iiadn't we better get them hatches on and
By Cuttiffe Myne
battened down? She's shipping ree n p e tty often now ;
and the weather's worsening, .^"t' irs all thrf bilge
water getting down below, and they say it s an mo v .»
pumps can do to keep it under. Kettle -napped "are you
"Mrs. Meddle Murgatroyd/'.Kettle^snapped^ are ju
master. of this blame ship or am I? /°VX this bridge."
be The old man's suggestion about the hatches had touched
upon a sore point. Kettle knew quite well that It was dan
gerous to leave the great gaps in the decks undefended ay
planking and tarpaulin. - . »*»_, Arerv nparer
However, it began to be plain that as they drew nearer
to the bay the weather grew worse steadily, and at last It
came to a choice between battening down the J»atches
both forward and aft or being -Incontinently . meed
Hour after hour Kettle, in his glistening oilskins had
been stumping backward and forward across the upper
bridge, watching his steamboat like a cat, and holding on
with his order until the very last moment. But at last he
gave the command to batten down, and both watches
rushed to help the carpenter carry It out . „„,._ _..<*,,
The hands clustered on the lurching iron decks , w iUi
the water swirling against them waist-high and shipped
the heavy hatch-covers and got the tarpaulins over and
then the Norwegian carpenter keyed all fast with tne
wedges, working like, some amphibious animal, nan nis
m The Sultan of" Labuan was fitted with^o cowl venti
lators to her holds, and even if these had been fitted they
would have been carried away. So from the moment or
battening down the gas which oozed from tne coai mixed
with the air till the whole ship became one -huge explos
ive bomb, which the merest spark would touch off. Cap
tain Kettle called his mate to him and gave explicit
"You know what a powder hulk is irke, Mr. Mate?" " -.
"Aye," said Murgatroyd. " - '" . J '■'":
"Well, this ship is a sight more dangerous, and we;
have to take care if we do not want to go to heaven
quick. It's got to be 'all lights out' aboard this ship till
the weather eases, and we can get hatches off again. Go -
'round now and see it done yourself. .
"Aye, aye. But you don't mean the side lights, top,
do ye? .There's a big lot of shipping- here in the bay, and
we might easy get run down—" The old man. caught an
ugly look from Kettles' face and broke off. And grum
bling some ancient saw about "obeying orders if you
break owners," he shuffled off down the ladder.
Night went and the day came, gray and wet and deso
late. The heavier squalls had passed away, but a whole
gale still remained, and the sea was if anything neavier. •
The coal boat rarely showed all of herseir at once above
the water. Her progress was a' succession of dives, her
decoration (when she was visible), a fringe of spouting
scuppers. Watch had succeeded watch with the dogged
patience of sailormen,' but watch after watcn Kettle hung
on behind the canvas dodgers at the weather end of the
bridge. He was red-eyed and white-cheeked, his torpedo
beard was foul with sea salt, he was unpleasant to look
upon, but he was undeniably very much awake, and when
the accident came (which he concluded was Mr. Gedge's
effort to realize the coal boat's insurance) he was quite
ready to cope with emergencies.
From somewhere In the bowels of the ship there came
the muffled boom of an explosion; the bridge sprang up.
beneath his feet so that he was very nearly wrenched
from his hold, and the iron main deck, which at that mo- .
ment happened to be free of water, rippled and heaved as
a tin biscuit box moves when it is kicked. There was a
tinkle of broken glass as some blown-out skylights crash
ed back upon the deck. . ~ •
He looked forward and he looked aft, and to his sur
prise saw that both hatches were still in place and that
very little actual damage was visible,, and then he had
his attention occupied by another matter. From the .
stokehold, from the forecastle and- from the engine room'
•the frightened crew poured out Into 'the open, and some
scared wretch cried out to "lower away zem boats,"
Here was a situation that needed' dealing with at once, ■
and Kettle was the man to do it. From beneath his oil
skins he lugged out the revolver which they Knew so pain- •
fully already, and showed It .with ostentation. "By.
James." he shouted, "do you want to be taught who's •
captain here?. I'll give cheap lessons if you ask." .
His words reached them above the hooting and brawl •
of the gale, and they were cowed into sullen obedience. •■.
■ ,- Presently a bare-headed steward fought his way up
the bridge ladder against the tearing wind, and bawled
out some ' startling news: "It's Mr. {Murgatroyd's-' room
that's been blown up, sir; made a 'orrld mess or; Chips
Bays 'c picked up 'is lighted pipe in the alley way, sir,, an'
It must 'a' been that that fired the gas."
"The blamed old thick-head,"- said Kettle, savagely.
" 'E was arskin' for you, sir, was the mate, though we ;
couldn't rightly make out what 'c said." . , ' .
"He won't be pleased to see me. - Smoking, by James,
was he?" ■:.'■•■■
"The mate's burnt up like a piece of coke-," said the
steward, persuasively. "'E cawn t last long. It's a mar
vel 'ow 's's alive at all, sir!" , . •
• The carpenter came up on the bridge. "Dose blow-up .
was not so bad for der ole ship. sir.: She nod got any
plates started dot 1 can see." Dey have der bilge pumps
running, but dere's nod much water. Und der mate, sir.
He say he would like to see you.. He's in ver' bad way."
. The author of all the mischief, the stupid old man who,
through sheer • crass, ignorance had gone to bed and
smoked a pipe in this powder magazine, lay horribly in- ■'
jured in the littered alleyway, with a burst straw cushion
under the shocking remnants of his heart. Most of his
injuries were plain to the eye, and it was a marvel that
he lingered on at all. It was very evident that he could
not live for long, and it was clear, too, that he wanted
to speak. t
Kettle's resentment died at the sight of this poor
charred cinder of humanity, and he knelt in the litter and
listened.
"Nearly;- got to windward of you, skipper. It was me —
Gedge paid me £50 for the Job— scuttle — her after Gib :
would 'a' done it. too in spite of your teeth." ;.
The old fellow broke .off, and Kettle leaned near to
him. "How were you going to scuttle her?" be asked.
There was no answer. A second time he repeated the
question, and then again a third time. The mate heard
him. The sea roared outside, the wind boomed overhead,
the cluttered wreckage clanged about the alleyway. The
old man was past speech." but he opened an eve, his one
remaining eye, and slowly and solemnly winked. ■
It was his one recorded -attempt at humor -during a
lifetime, and the effort was his last. His jaw dropped
wagging to the thud of the ship, his eye' opened in -a.
glassy, unseeing stare, and he was as dead a thing as the
iron deck he lay upon. . -«.-..
"Well*, matey," 'said Kettle, apostrophizing the poor
charred form, "we've been shipmates before and I never
liked you. But. by James, you had your points. You shall*
be buried by a pukka. parson in Gib and have a stone put
over your ugly old head if I have to pay for. it mvsplf I
think I can hammer out a bit of verse, too, whlch'll make
that stone a thing people will remember."
"By James, though, won't Gedge be ' mad over this!
Gedge will think I -spotted the game you were playing for
him. and murdered you out of hand. Well, that's all
right, and it won't hurt you, matey. I want Gedge to un
derstand I'm a man that's got to be dealt stralgnt with
I want Mr. Blessed Gedge to understand that I'm not the
kind of • lamb .to make into a catspaw by any manner of
means. I bet he does tumble to that, too. But I bet also
that he sacks me from this berth before I've got the coals
over into the lighters of Port Said. By James, yes! Gedge
is a man. that sticks to his plans, and as he can't lose the
Sultan of Labuan with me as her skipper, he'll- jerk' an
other old man into the chart house on the/end of a wire
who'll do the job more to his satisfaction."
The Norwegian carpenter came up and asked a crea
tion.
"No, no, Chips; put the canvas away. I want you to
knock up some sort of a box for the poor old mate and
we'll take him to Gib and plant him there in style I owe
him a bit. We'll all get safe enough to Port Said now."
CAUTIOUS.
"Yes, I've been all over Europe, Asia, Africa and Aus
tralia."
"Ever been to America?"
"No, th;> place I won't visit! Tou see, there's a,
innn I know gone over there, and I cant endure him!"—
Fliegende Blaetter.NEW METHOD OF TRANSMITTING PICTURES BY TELEGRAPH
The Portrait of President McKinley Here Printed Is the Result of Transmission of His Picture Over a Circuit of Six Miles, and Shows How Successfully the Great Problem of Sending Pictures Has Been Accomplished.
The Uses
To. ..
Which. .
This Great
Invention
Can B2
Put
Are
Almost
Beyond
Estimate.
. It Will
Be
"Particularly
Valuable
In
Producing
Portraits
Of
Those
Who
Suddenly
Become
Prominent.
AT last it
seems that
the problem
of sending
pictures or
diagrams by tele
graph has been
solved. As proof
of this it is only
necessary to say
that it has been
done. . •-••■'.
In this instance
the sending of pic
tures by telegraph
does not apply to
reproducing a "vis
ual" image on a
screen many miles
distant from the.
actual scene, but to
producing a "me
chanical" image of
certain lines and
dots.
The instrument
that has accom
plished this wonder
i.s the invention at j
Ernest A. Hummel 1
of St. Paul, Minn. ]
For some weeks '
past he has been
showing it to a
number of interest
ed people in differ
ent cities pf the.
East, and in every.
instance it has per
formed all that was
expected of it.
There is the same
difference between
the* work of Hum
mel's machine and
one that sends vis
ual images as there
Is between a paint
ing and an engrav
ing. In the former
the. effect, of form
is produced by
color and nght and
shade. In the lat
ter it is produced
by black lines and
dots of different
sizes and shapes.
and with more or
less white between
them as the case
may require.
SENDING PRESIDENT McKINLEY'S PORTRAIT BY WIRE.
RECEIVING PRESIDENT MrKINLEY'S PORTRAIT BY WIRE.
With Hummers machine it is possi
ble to send an outline drawing but not
!an actual photograph. A signature or
a diagram can be sent, but the least
bit of shading will appear as a mass of
the same tone as the rest of the pic
ture.
In general appearance the work of
the machine looks like a picture made
; of a series of lines all running in one
direction,. Of course this ia flat and
there is a lack of detail most notice
able. However, well trained artists can
: supply all of this so that the finished
picture is all that can be desired.
Mr. Hummel is a young manufactur
ing jeweler In St. Paul, and his inven
tion is the result of numerous experi
( ments thought out and carried out
during all his spare moments for the
j last two years. He believes the instru
; ment will be especially valuable In
I helping to catch criminals fleeing from j
jjustlce by scattering their photographs i
| over the country with the speed of
electricity instead of by .the compara
, lively slow medium of the mails. This,
; however, is only on incidental use for
the invention. In scores of ways the
j device can be put to practical use.
The Hummel invention takes up ■
I about the same space as a typewriter
and its table, or a sewing machine. Its
principal features, of course, are the
transmitter and receiver. Each of these
is operated by a diminutive electric mo
tor, hardly as large as the case of a
pair of spectacles. There is also a
rather complicated system of clock
work which controls the movements as
part of the machine.
The transmitter and receiver each has
a moving carriage, operated by the
electric motor. In these carriages are
fixed the pencils which are used in '
copying the pictures to be sent. The I
carriage of the transmitter has a pro
jecting arm with a vulcanized rubber
extremity, in which is fitted a sharp
platinum point.
By an ingenious device the clock
work movjes this platinum point a very
minute distance from the line in which
it moved before. A screw and triple
series • of ratchets are provided by
which the width between the lines can
be regulated.
When a picture is to be sent over the
wire it is first traced through a carbon
paper upon a metal plate. Then the
lines on the plate are brought out by a
solution of shellac, which is a non-con
ductor of electricity.
After the machine is connected with
the electric circuit and the platinum
point is set in motion each time it en
counters a strip of shellac the circuit
is broken. This break in the circuit
throws down against the receiving pa
per in the complementary part of the
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 81, 1898.
machine a sharp needle point, which
etches into the surface a line corre
sponding to the course taken by the
CHANCES OF DEATH IN THE PRESENT WAR.
WAR to-day is a slaughter by
job lots. Modern methods
have largely eliminated the
element of personal bravery.
The. puniest man may
stand behind a cannon, take
his range finder, figure out the right
range, touch a button and destroy a
thousand lives. To a great extent bat
tles are fought in the dark. Shelis are
seen coming through the air from per
haps unknown corners. They fall and
death comes like a bolt from the sky.
In the civil war methods were alto
gether different. Except as obscured
by the smoke of battle, the soldiers
could see their foes and their weapons.
; There were no giant machines for hurl
ing tons of death-dealing iron and steel
through the air from points miles and
miles away. When the Swamp Angel
came into existence we all thoiJght it
was a marvel, and yet it was nothing
compared with the modern engines of
war. In those times, as my own expe- j
rience taught me, in observing the men
who fought, the number of dead and
wounded often depended very largely
upon the personal conduct of the sol
diers themselves. There was no ma- j
chine for dealing out bullets by whole
i sale, and therefore the effect was reg
j ulated infinitely more by circumstances
than it is to-day.
The soldier who goes into battle in
our present war with Spain must face
a storm of bullets which are just as
apt to come from a half dozen machine
guns as from a regiment of soldiers.
j These bullets fly at so many different
; angles that it is almost like a cross-fire
| at times, with the result that the sol
diers are unable to protect themselves
as they were in the old days when there
was a bullet for every gun and no
more. In spite of all this, however, I
am inclined to think that our modern
j methods are the more merciful, for the
chances of a man being hit by a bullet
and living are entirely altered from
what they were in the eld days.
If a bullet strikes a soldier in the head
or some vital part death is almost cer
tain to be practically instantaneous. A
man may survive for a few moments,
but he is never likely to regain con
sciousness. If the bullet does not strike
a vital part then the hospital methods
of to-day, and I am speaking of the
field hospitals, are such that unless
there is such a shattering of tissue and
bone as to preclude the possibility of
recovery the man is almost certain to
regain his health. I well remember
while I was with the army and in the
hospitals during the civil war that to
amputate a man's limb sometimes
meant that death would follow not
from the mere amputation, but because
of that frightful thing known as hos
pital gangrene, which so often made
reamputations necessary.
Now to-day there is no such thing as
hospital gangrLne. At least if there is
it is so rare as to be unknown to the
majority of practitioners in hospitals.
Aseptic surgery has reached that stage
where gangrene is almost an impossi
bility. The result of this will be, in the
field hospitals, that when a man 1? torn
by splinter, shell or bullet, he will be
so treated that there is nothing to con
tend with except the direct physical in
jury caused by the object that inflicted
the wound. Of course, now as then the
probabilities of man's surviving the
shock of a wound are lessened or in
creased by his physical state at the
time he received the wound. Taking
all things into consideration I have no
hesitation in saying that the chances of
the United States soldier of escaping
with his life from the dangers of the
battle field are 75 per cent greater than
they were when last he fought an
enemy of his own color.
The character of the wounds Inflicted
and the immediate effect of the bullet
or pieces of shell that Inflict them are
very different from what they used to
be. We know more about the direct
effect of the bullet than the shell. We
have experimented with medical sub
jects in this regard and have learned
that the force and velocity of the mod
ern bullet is so great that when it
passes through the head of a person it
almost annihilates the brain. The old
style bullet might pass through any
thing and leave merely a clear trail
behind it and therefore its effect was
small In comparison with the present
shell. lam now referring to the bullet
that is authorized by the Geneva con
vention, which forbade the use by any
nation of the explosive bullet that in
flicts such fearful injuries.
Then again a man who receives a bul
let wound in the body suffers from a
much more serious Injury than he
would have in other days. More tissue
Is destroyed and the bone, if hit, is
■splintered more. These things would
make the ordinary wound in a part
which is not vital an exceedingly se
rious matter, if it were not for asep
tic surgery. I do not say that the
uronnds are not serioua as they are. but
PRESIDENT McKINLEY'S PORTRAIT AS
DRAWN ON THE ORIGINAL PLATE IN
SHELLAC READY FOR SENDING.
platinum point while on the shellac In
sulation. When the platirtum point has
passed over the shellac and the circuit
is again closed the needle poir . Is lifted.
It goes without saying that the har
monious working of the delicate instru
ments requires the most careful adjust
ment of the clock work which controls
the velocity of the machine. This ad
justment Mr. Hummel reaches by sev
eral whirling fans, somewhat like the
governors of a steam engine, but with
BY DR. GEORGE F. SHRADY, President Red Cross Society, New YorK
here again we find the injury Is by
modern surgical methods confined sim
ply to the hurt made by the bullet, and
not the result of some after develop
ment. I think a man is more likely to
lose a leg or an arm than during our
last war for the very reason I have
stated— the increased shattering of bone
and tissue.
"The change in the injuries inflicted
in past and present wars is caused by
the difference in the projectile and in
the material used. The shell breaks
in a different way. It is ao different in
every way that the effect seems to be
much greater, meaning by that that
the injury inflicted is more severe. I
believe that the statement regarding
the bullet, that there are but two al
ternatives, death and recovery, when a
soldier is stricken— meaning instant
death — holds good in the case of the
shell, and I think that the statistics of
the war's killed and wounded will
prove this satisfactorily.
"The wound inflicted by a splinter
of wood will be infinitely more danger
ous than that resulting from a bit of
shell. I regard the wood splinter
wound, taken altogether, as fright
ful if not the most frightful injury that
can be received in battle in that it
ONE OF THE MOST UNIQUE BRIDGES IN THE
WORLD
PASSENGER CAR OF THE UNIQUE
NEW BRIDGE IN TUNIS.
lodges and penetrates the flesh in Jag
ged ways that make recovery well nigh
an impossibility. This fact is entirely
realized by the men at the head of the
modical department of our army and
navy. It is to avoid wounds of this
sort that every bit of woodwork pos
sible Is thrown from a ship when she
goes into action. Stripping for action
is what the naval men call it. but it is
in reality stripping to prevent wounds.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY'S PORTRAIT AS
DEPICTED ON THE RECEIVING
PLATE AT THE OTHER END OF THE
WIRE.
d:«ks instead of spheres.
The inventor does not regard his de
vice as beyond the stage of improve
ment, but is now building a machine
which he expects to work still better
than the one in use, and to do its work
in less time. It now takes about twenty
minutes to transmit a complete photo
graph. As will be seen by the repro
ductions, the portraits now sent by wire
are distinct enough to be easily recog
nized, but Mr. Hummel Is confident his
next machine will bring out the lines
still more sharply and well defined.
But our medical service is thoroughly
up-to-date to meet all these new emer
gencies. There never was such a hos
pital service as that of the United
States, on land, in the field or at sea.
I have had occasion to become very
familiar with the facts regarding this
subject and to know the two gentlemen
who have them in charge for the Gov
ernment. I want to say that it is my
sincere belief that there is not an in
competent medical, man in the service
to-day. Every man selected to fill a
volunteer appointment in the medical
corps has been picked from his fellows
because his training has fitted him for
the position. Do you realize that in
New York city the hospitals receive
every day more men suffering from
wounds than the record shows United
States soldiers have fallen in battle
with the Spaniards? The man who has
had a hospital training in a great city,
if he is bright and capable, is well
fitted for a medical position in the
army or navy.
In addition to all this is the aid and
comfort the Red Cross Society will give
to the wounded. The moment a man is
wounded he becomes a neutral, a non
combatant He is out of the fight, and
in accordance with the international
agreement to the results of the Geneva
ONE of the most novel bridges In all the world has just been finished at
Bizert, in Tunis.
The requirements of a bridge at this point are similar to those ex
isting in many parts of the United States. A narrow river cuts through
a part of the town. Traffic from side to side is quite heavy and large
Bhips are constantly passing up and down the river.
In a way this problem could be solved with a drawbridge, but this pos
sesses many disadvantages too apparent to anybody who has ever stood half
an hour waiting for one of the things to swing around.
The French engineers were equal to the emergency at Bizert and solved
It in the most unique manner. At present the new bridge is answering all
requirements and there is practically no delay for either foot passengers,
horses or ships.
On either side of the river towers as hlsrh as the masts of the largest ship
have been erected. Between the two towers at the top there is a strong,
level roadway with tracks. So arranged as to ride under the rails is a heavy
truck. Between the truck and the surface of the water is a distance of nearly
150 feet
Suspended by cables from this truck so as to be on a level with the
street below is a qtfr capable of carrying a number of passengers and half a
dozen vehicles. A cable operated by an engine on shore hauls the truck
and suspended car fro; . one side of the river to the other.
It takes very little more than a minute for it to cross, and there is
only a moment s waiting at either side. When a ship is passing it is ex
pected that she will steer so as to avoid the car. In this way there is no de
lay, and thousands of people can be carried in an hour. This bridge has
the additional advantage of being picturesque, even though it is con
structed entirely of iron.
convention he is no longer any one'B
enemy, but a man to be aided and
cured if possible. The fled Cross has
at its command every facility that it
is possible to obtain. It seems to me
that the should be able to go
into conflict with twice the courage
when he can think that whether any
one knows him or not, if he is wounded
he will receive the same care the high
est officer in the army to which he be
PRESIDENT McKINLEY'S PORTRAIT FINISHED BY THE RECEIVER.
longs would have given him.
The surgeon aboard the hospital ship
Solace, the most splendid aid to the
sick and wounded ever afloat, wrote
me the other day that they expected
an engagement soon, and when that
happened and the wounded came
aboard he would send me a detailed ac
count of the injuries inflicted by the
modern bullets and projectiles. That
is a subject of the deepest interest. It
is just that study that will make the
medical man more of an aid to his sol
diers, and yet God help the soldiers
who are waiting for those wounds.
Waiting for them, I say, just as a man
unconsciously waits for death. Wait
ing for sorrow and suffering, martyrß
to the cause of their fellow men. The
whole medical world is awaiting the
report of the result of those wounds
yet to be inflicted.
THE SUEZ CANAL.
THE recent troubles which Admiral
Camara experienced with his fleet
upon entering the Suez canal
have made this waterway a point
of special interest in the eyes of
the world. The canal was first opened
In 1869. It saves the trip around the
Cape of Good Hope and reduces the
sailing distance therefore about 4100
miles. The canal is eighty-seven miles
in length. Port Said Is at the eastern
end, on the Mediterranean, and Suez
is the southern terminus, on the Red
Sea, There are no locks in the canal;
It is lighted throughout by electricity
ERNEST R. HUMMEL, the Inventor.
and can be navigated by vessels draw
ing twenty-six feet of water. Twenty
one miles of the can.il are made up of
small lakes, through which vessels can
pass at a speed of seven or eight knots,
the maximum speed in the canai proper
being limited to six knots.
The tolls are determined by the ton.
For a passenger steamer or war vessel
the rate is about $1 SO per ton and 50
cents for each passenger. Vessels in,
ballast have a reduced rate. Admiral
Camara was required to pay $160,000 as
toll before his vessels were allowed to
enter the canal.
The canal is at all tiroes' neutral and
war vessels of any nation are permit
ted to pass through it, no matter on
what footing the country to which they
belong may be in respect to other na
tions. Great Britain is a large owner
in the Suez canal, having acquired in
1875 all the stock belonging to the Khe
dive of Egypt— l 77 shares out of 400 —
at a cost of $20,000,000.
Port Said is a town of about 10,000 in
habitants, while Suez, at the other ex
tremity of the canal, contains about
16,000 people.
TO BUSY TO
TAKE MONEY
A lawyer had come all the way from
Califc-rnia to pay a $10,000 legacy over
to Uncle Jerry Hopefield, who had lived
all his life in a little town in Ohio, and
after breakfast two or three of us
were invited to go along and witness
the transfer. When we reached the
house Uncle Jerry was tightening up
the hoops on the rain barrel, while his
wife had gone to see a sick neighbor.
They had been fully identified the day
before as the proper parties, and now
the lawyer said:
"Well, Uncle Jerry, I want to hand
you that money and get a receipt and
be off this morning."
"I'm kinder busy, just now," said the
old man, as he stopped hammering for
a moment.
"Yes, but I have $10,000 here for you.
I don't believe there's a man in the
world who wouldn't stop work long
enough to sign a receipt for such a for
tune."
"Mebbe not, but it looks like rain, and
I want to git this bar'l fixed right
away. Can't you come over in about
an hour?"
"Look here, man, but did you ever
see $10,000 in all your life?" asked the
lawyer, as he opened the satchel and
displayed a big package of" new green
backs.
"No, I never did," replied Uncle Jerry
as he pounded away.
"Did you ever have a thousand dol
lars of your own?"
"Lands, no!" . '
"Never had a hundred all at onco, did
you?"
"Never. Durn that hoop, but it don't
want to go on!"
"I must ask you to get this business
over as soon as possible," continued the
lawyer, as the old man kept at his
work.
"But it's going to rain."
"Yes, but here's your money."
"And I've got to get this bar'l fixed-."
"It won't take over ten minutes to fix
up our business. Run along and fetch
your wife."
"See here," said Uncle Jerry, as he
laid down his hammer and wipea the
back of his neck, "Mariar ha:s gone
over to Blodgett'a to be gone an hour.
Befor? she went she said I* must tinker
up this rain bar'l."
"But can't you stop your tinkering to
handle $10,000 in cold cash!" exc*ainn»d
the lawyer in indignant tone 3.
"Yes, yes, I kin stop work; bit wJiat
about Alariai ?"
"Well, what about her?"
"Why, she'd come home expectln'
this bar'l to be all tinkered up, and if
she found it wasn't, them $10,000
wouldn't hold her no more'n a tow
string would hold a hoss. She'd just
shove me clean down among the cab
bages, and jump on che bar'l with both
feet and squash it all to squash, and
fur the next week I'd hey to walk
around on tiptoe and eat my meals In
the woodshed."— Washington Star.
2526
THE CLIMAX OF REDUCTION REACHED !
ov*-o-*-o-^o-*o-»-o -»-o*o-»-b>o-»-o-»-o>-o-»-o-»-o^o-»-o
I EVERY DEPARTMENT
I BRIMMING
I WITH BARGAINS
SILK
DEPARTMENT !
2000 yards IMPORTED BENGALINE, 22 inches wide, pure silk and
• wool, worth $1 50, will be closed out at 75c yard.
JtZ r 1800 yards IMPORTED SICILLIAN, 24 inc-ies wide, extra heavy qua! -
/ Jt ity, former price $1 50, will be closed out at 75c yard.
7J» r 2000 yards COLORED RHADAME and DUCHESSE SATIN, in good
i yJK, ]me of colors, suitable for street and evening wear, worth $1 50, will
be closed out at 75c yard.
Atif 500 yards BLACK FIGURED SILK, 24 Inches wide, former price 75c,
■ » v *ill be closed out at 45c yard.
X C - 250 yards BLACK BROCADED SILK, 20 inches wide, all pure silk,
C-lcJt' former price Soc, will be closed out at 55c yard.
tf»| f\f\ 4HO yards BLACK FAILLE, 24 Inches wide, former price $1 50, will
Q>l*vrvr b e closed out at $1 00 yard.
<t I f\/\ 3400 yards FRENCH TAFFETA, 27 inches wide, in plain and change-
•Pl.VFvr a ble effects, worth $1 50, will be closed out at $1 00 yard.
Ef| r 1000 yards FRENCH FAILLE FRANCAISE, extra heavy qualtiy,
vJvFC former price $1 00, will be closed out nt 50r yard.
TZ(\f* 2500 yards SWISS TAFFETA. 19 inches wide, in a good variety of
sJV/l/ colors, former price 75c, will be closeu out at 50c yard.
CI AA 120n yards BWJSS NOVELTY PLAIDS AND CHECKS, in a good line
O f colors, former price $1 75, will be closed out at $1 00 yard.
7C^ I' 1500 yards ASSORTED EVENING SHADES, in brocaded and plain,
/ -3v» former price $1 50, will be closed out at 75c yard.
<P| HA $00 yards BATEDERE PLAIDS, Roman colors suitable for skirts and
4)l.Vfv/ waists, former price $1 50, will be closed out at $1 00 yard.
[fig Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., /
\Jy San Pranci^cOi ff
-m- ■-■-■- ■ ■ ■ ■' ■- ■-■- ■ ■ ■ ■ ■!-■-»- ■- n-»- 1
SOCIETY
LTHOUGH the reopening' of the
•' II \V schools ••■will recall many from
'the Joys and delights of of the
schools -will recall many from
the Joys and delights of exist
ll A ence in the .interior, still .it will
IS l)» be. at least a month before the
eoclal representatives will once again be
■''at home." " ". ••• ■•
Receptions to the boys in blue, have
teen the bright spots In a week destitute
lof all' social interest. ° .•• ■ • '•" . '
\ A reception of the officers of the FJrst
■New York Volunteers, now encamped at
the Presidio, was, given on Monday.even
ling by Miss Ingargiola, .1124 Bush
street, '"assisted by Mrs. .C- Baker, Miss.
Pearl Baraco and Colonel A. C. Barry.
Tho spacious lawn • surrounding the
mansion was "illumined; by Japanese lan
,terns, while in the residence Itself the
hall and- all the . reception" rpoms were
beautifully and appropriately decorated.
In compliment to the military guests of
the evening- the national colors were
largely used in the decorations, and por
traits of the President and of distin
guished commanders -of the army arid
navy wreathed with laurel, Intertwined
■with red, white, and blue, adorned the
walls of the -parlors and library. ' An or
chestra stationed in an alcove of the hall
beneath the grand stairway furnished
from the time- the first guests arrived
until the last had gone mush: that har
monized with the Joy of the evening.
When the formal reception was . over
and the guests of honor had been intro
duced to the ladies and gentlemen in
vited to meet' them and the entertainment
began with a concert of music, song and
recitation. The ' programme, while short,
was exceptionally brilliant. It "included"
■ongs by Chaplain Carl Schwartz, Mrs.
Chandler, Mies Hull and Miss Melinoff;
Instrumental music by Miss Pearl Noble;
cornet solo. Miss Maud Noble; trombone
solo; Miss Mary M. Brown, piano; and a
recitation by Miss Birdie Hull. ■
Dancing followed the concert .and,. was
kept up until midnight, when a sumptu
ous supper was 'served. "Toasts were
drunk to ' the Union, to * California and
New York, to the army and navy, to the
military guests of the evening, to the
women of America and to the hostess.
The assmbly ■ Included the following
named officers and civilians:
Mrs. C. Baker, Mrs; N. P. Wilder," Mrs.
Chandler, Mrs. Baraco, Mrs. Holmes,
Mrs. Byrne, Mrs. Chapln, Misses Pearl
and Maud Noble, Miss' A. Rogers. Misses
Pearl and Flora Baraco; Misses Dollie
and Cora Baker, Miss Ida Melinoff,. Miss
Mary M. Brown; Misses Susie, Birdie and
Carrie Hull; the Misses Holmes, the-
Misses Deulter, Miss Lean, Colonel A. C.
Barry, Major walker, Mr. McNaught, Mr.
Mason, Mr. Hyde. A. Baker, C. .Baraco,
O. Baraco, V. . Baraco, ' Chaplain Karl
Schwartz, Surgeon L. F. Griffiths, Cap
tain A. E. - Mclntyre, • Captain Frank. B. 1
Palmer. Captain Charles B. Staats, Cap
tain Roach, Captain R. F. Tomkins.
Lieutenant: Baxter, Lieutenant T. . T.
Wood, Lieutenant J. R.. Goodall, Lieu
tenant Lieutenant J. Lieutenant William
int H. C. Staats. Lieutenant William
D. Manson, Lieutenant D. Terry, Lieu
tenant W. T. Wheelock, Lieutenant A. ;
E. Oolhandt, Lieutenant. Cv H. Boice,
Lieutenant John Huihue, Captain A.
Pickard.
The wedding of Miss Alice G. Friedlan
der and Emanuel Hiram Lauer will be
solemnized on Monday evening, August
X, at 9 o'clock, at the residence of the
bride. 2603 Steiner street.
Miss Friedlander Is the daughter of
Samuel H. Friedlander, the well known
theatrical, manager, and is a popular belle
In the select circles In which she. moves.
Besides being handsome, delightful and
of an extremely happy disposition, the
fair bride to be is highly accomplished
and a writer of no mean ability. For the
past few years Miss Friedlander has been
a valued contributor to the local press as
well as to Eastern journals and maga
zines. She is a popular member of the
Philomath Club and for several years was
secretary of the Pacific Coust Woman's
Press Club.
Mr. Lauer Is a merchant of Portland,
Or.. In which city the fortunate young
couple will make their future home.
Wedding Bells.
M*-s. C. Haas announces the marriage
of her daughter, Miss Daisy, to J. A.
Ordway. At home Mondays, 927 Geary
street.
Jhey're Engaged.
The reception of Miss Gertrude Gold
man of Merced and Harry Coleman of
this city, whose engagement was recently
announced will be held to-day (Sunday),
from 2 to 6 o'clock, at 632 Golden Gate
avenue.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
E. Plppert of San Francisco to John
Parks of Cotati, Sonoma County.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Birdie Samuel, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
William Sumuel of this city to Maurice
E. Harris of Oakland. They will re
ceive their friends at 313 Golden Gate
avenue, Sunday, August 7, from 2 to 5
o'clock.
Cards have been Issued for the mar
riage of Miss Lucille Schmitz, only
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Schmitz,
to Fred M. Falrchlld. The ceremony will
take place on Wednesday evening. August
3, at 8:30 p. m., at the Third Congrega
tional Church.
The engagement is announced of Ml??
Jane Goldman and Ben Fleischer of Rio
Vista. They will be pleased to receive
their friends to-day (Sunday) and Tues
day, August 2, from 2 to 5 o'clock, at 1404
O'Farrell street.
Jhe Qevjsers.
Arrivals at the Geysers for the past two
weeks are:
Mrs. Frank Fredericks, C. W. Walker,
Mrs. C. W. Walker, John W. Walker,
Mlbs A. Johnson, J. Carroll, R. Windron,
Miss A. Hess, Mrs. James Brown, Mr.
Johnson, Miss May Laughlin, Miss Fan
chon Locke Lynn, Miss Mamie McVeny,
J. H. Wallet Jr.. Mrs. J. H. Wallet Jr.,
Miss Paula Cousins, P. H. Rlson, Miss H.
Brtdger, Miss Eastwood, Mrs. Mary Mc-
Namara, H. F. McMahon, Robert Swing,
and wife, Jean Watson Bwing, Miss
THE SA:N FRAKCISCO CALL, SUKDAY, JULY 31, 1898.
Notwithstanding the unparalleled bargains heretofore
offered, we open the month of August with A STILL MORE
STARTLING ARRAY OF ATTRACTIONS, as we are COMPELLED
TO IMMEDIATELY RAISE THE LARGE SUM YET REQUIRED TO
PAY OFF THE BALANCE OF OUR INDEBTEDNESS.
Herewith we present a few samples of these attractions,
from which it will be seen that WE HAVE SACRIFICED ALL
THOUGHT OF ORIGINAL COST OR ACTUAL VALUE to the
imperative necessity of offering everything at
Cuts That Wit! Force Heavy Sales
Ladies' Shirt Waists.
<iJ. OH LADIES' TAFFETA SILK WAISTS in
M>T«W fancy plaids and checks, lined throughout,
made in the latest style, regular price $7 00,
will be closed out at $4 00.
7C r LADIES' PERCALE AND GINGHAM
• vJ *' SHIRT WAISTS, in checks and plaids, yoke
back, regular price $1 50, will be closed out
at 75c.
£1 A A LADIES' FINE GINGHAM AND PER-
q)I.UU CALE SHIRT WAISTS, blouse front, latest
style, regular price $1 75, will be placed on
Bale at $1 00.
Ribbons^Ribbons.
|A r NO. 7. FANCY PLAID ALL BILK RIB-
lvfl» BON, In assorted colors, value 15c, will be
offered at 10c.
THREE-INCH ALL SILK SHADED AND
a Jt STRIPED RIBBONS, value 45c, will be
offered at 25c.
3C- FOUR-INCH ALL SILK CHECKED AND
JJt STRIPED RIBBONS, assorted colors, value
60c, will be offered at 35c
tZ(\ r FIVE-INCH ALL SILK PLAID RIBBON,
•Jvfl> assorted colorings, value 75c, will be offered
at 50c.
Ladies' Kid Cloves.
<M AA 25 dozen LADIES 1 4-BUTTON OB. NO. 1
vJjI.UU QUALITY GENUINE FRENCH KID, colors
red, tan, mode, slate and navy, former price
$1 50, will be on sale at $1 00 a pair. Note —
Every pair guaranteed and ntted.
Wash Dress Fabrics.
81^ LAPPETS AND ORGANDIES, former price
3C isc, marked down to 8 l-3c a yard.
7\ r LAPPETS AND ORGANDIES, former price
2^ 12V2C, marked down to 7^c a yard.
_ .
m r BOUCLE CLOTH, organdie effects, were 10c,
Jv now 5c a yard.
THE PURCHASING POWER OF YOUR MONEY
DOUBLED THIS WEEK.
- ■- ■- ■-■-■-■- ■- ■-■- ■- ■- ■- ■- ■-■-o- ■- ■-■- ■- ■- ■- ■-■-■-■- ■- ■-■- ■- ■-
Maude la Abbott, Elizabeth A. Waln
wright, Mrs. James Dunn, Miss I. Dunn,
Miss P. Dunn, Master James Dunn, W.
B. Dephew, Frank Hanowe, Lucille Mc-
Boyle, A. W. Nelson and wife, C. J.
Dephew, Miss Maria Froellch, Charles A.
Mallett, Fowler Mallett, Carl Wolff, Hol
land Mallett, Mrs. Delia Ford and daugh
ter, J. Costa, Mrs. E. A. Costa. A. Fibush,
Mrs. Joel M. Adklnß, Mrs. C. L. Blge
low, H. Rust, Miss Annie Otten, Gustav
Schwarz, J. Knot and wife, J. Toußsig,
J. H. Ganeard, T. E. \an Velt, George
A. Hare. Dr. C. W. Hlbbard and wife.
Dr. A. Teague, wife and niece, G. D.
Hlbbard, Mrs. Sydney Walker, Master
Floyd Walker, Miss Mercedes Hlbbard
and nurse, Mrs. J. . Borden, Rhodes Bor
den, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Christie. Walker
W. Gibson, M. Klelberg, F. Glllesple,
Mrs. W. C. Norwood, Miss Nor
wood, Miss Plllsbury, Miss Koleler,
C. Conpy, Mrs. C. Conpy, Albert N. Conpy,
Miss Bessie Wilson, Miss Bernlce Wil
son, Master Alexander Wilson, P. Meni
pan, Ira H. Rosenberg, George Luedkl,
W. Osmont, J. E. Byrne and wife. Miss
D. B. Bano, Jack Murphy, George E.
Street, Edwin H. Gates, A. J. Wilson,
Ben A. Goldsmith, Miss Belle Goldsmith,
San Francisco; James Archer, A. A.
Moore Jr., Mrs. W. G. Henshaw, Miss
Alia Henshaw, Miss Effie Brown, Mrs.
A. J. Wilson and child. Mrs. H. H. Nlch
oll. E. H. Woolsey, D. J. Lynch, Con
Hooley, E. M. Hun, Miss Wesley, Miss
Hattie Hare Miss Edoff. Allen Edoff,
Mrs. Mills. Oakland; Rebecca Fowler,
Laura E. Williams. A. S. Gibbens. Ray
H. Nelson, W. C. JJoberts, Santa Ro«a;
AUce A. Walsh, Vallejo; Rev. E. R. Wil
lis, Mrs. E. R. Willis, Grass Valley; Rev.
W. C. Robins, Mrs. W. C. Robins, St.
Helena; H. C. Tulllman, Calistoga; C. T.
Roach, Captain Murray, Amelia Manasse,
Mrs. M. Cotton, Bill Davis, Harry Frank
lin, P. Larb Jr., Gus Clark, U. S. A., Har
bin Springs; Laura M. Barnes, Santa
Barbara; C. J. Wright, Middletown; O.
N. Gulnar, N. Hawkins, Denver, Colo.;
Clay Clement, Mrs. Clay Clement, Joseph
Crew, New York City; H. A. Fusten,
Shreveport, La.
Springs.
Late arrivals at Highland Springs aro:
From San Francisco— George Frahm, W.
H. Levy, C. Begley, R. Prendergass, B.
Sheideman, the Misses Sheideman. Miss
M. Campbell, B. T. Downing, W. S.
Downing, J. Hoyt, Mrs. M. L. Abbott,
Miss Wainwright, George R. Wilson, S.
D. Falls. I. Morris, E. V. Herve and wife,
Frank Harrold, 8. J. Salisbury, Mrs. C.
Masoero, Miss Eda Lertora, Mrs. Eda
Beronio, E. L. Hopkins, H. Davis, F. L.
Hughes, Mrs. Charles Meehan, Miss A.
Meehan, Rev. W. I. Kip Jr., W. W. Stone
and wife, Mrs. J. E. Stone. Maybelle
Stone, H. T. Sullvan, F. H. Depue, Miss
Florence Depue, John J. Dunn, William
Posthwaite and wife; Mrs. Minna Webb,
South Bend, Ind.; Brank Brown, Milton;
M. Stern. San Jose; H. G. Folger and
fami.y, Frank Miller and wife, Mrs. Edith
Miller, Mrs. B. Crocker, Sacramento; W.
E. Hale, San Quentin; Charles Aull, Fol
som; Phil M. Walsh, F. A. McEwen,
Oakland; John Booher, Maxwell.
Skaggs Springs.
The following guests are registered at
Skaggs Hot Springs, Sonoma County,
from San Francisco: Mrs. A. L. Black,
Alfred L. Black, Francis A. Black. Mr.
and Mrs. F. W. Lange. James F. Leahy,
W. P. Holden, R. J. Tausslg, T. A. Gan
eau, Oscar Curtaz, P. Crowell, Mrs. Al
fred Clarke and children, William Greg
gel, W. F. Connolly, James Franklin, J.
A. Buck, Mr. and Mrs. B. L. Webster,
COLORED
DRESS GOODS!
% . - .'
|C r FANCY PLAIDS marked down
\Oy from 25c to ..........15c yard
'JK^ FANCY DRESS GOODS marked ' ' /_'
jL IK, down from 50c to 25c yard
IE- MIXED SUITING marked down
-JyJk, from 75c to 35c yard
iP f MIXED COVERT CLOTH marked
•3CI I* down from 60c to ......35c yard
tZ.i\r* ' FANCY COVERT CLOTH marked
OUC down from 75c to sOc yard
'IP. . CASHMERES, all wool, marked
•£»' C down from 50c to 25c yard
Cl AA SILK AND WOOL PLAIDS •
*Ps.UU marked down from $1 50 to $1.00 yard
«TK r ' CASHMERES, all wool, marked
/ dL down from $1 50 t0... ......75c yard
£1 >f| ENGLISH BROADCLOTH, new)
<)ltJv shades, marked down from $2 00
to ...............91.50 yard
HATE Remnants and
HALF Dress Lengths
nDirC Marked Down
I KILL, to Half Price.
Mrs. J. Maconskv, Miss Gertrude Macon
sky, Mrs. R. Co>in, Mr. and Mrs. J. H.
Stein, Mrs. S. Goodman, I. Goodman, i
Miss Lenora Goodman, D. F. Shea, Lil
lian F. Lee, E. L. Fallon, G. C. Schneider, ,
M. Getz, Master Mannie Levin, Mrs. M.
L. Davis, W. S. Franklin Mrs. M. F.
Brewer, Mrs. F. E. Raymond, J.
D. Horam, Miss B. M. Horam,
Mr. and Mrs. P H. McGee, James Com
lnsky, Miss Rose Wessing, Miss Sara
Marks, P. Boettcher, William Swartley,
Charles L. Jacobs, Ernest Hirsch, Dr. J.
F. Smith, Daniel Harney, W. N. White, i
M. L. Davis. 1.. Goodman, J. E. Bvrne and ,
wne. Miss D. B. Byrne, B, Musky. Mrs. j
H. Schwartz, .urs. A. Schwartz, Mrs. J. '
Cohn, I. N. Jacoby, H. L. Wetien, W. F. j
Phillips, Mrs. L. i^andsbursrer, i^ouls
Landsburger, Mr. and Mrs. H. Shemanski,
Mrs. S. Rowland. Mrs. E. Ring. Miss Mar
guerite Ring. Alameda— William H. Hil
derbrandt. Berkeley— Mr. and Mrs.
Charles C. Judson. Chester W. Judson.
Seminary Park— Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Kim
ball, Besßie A. Klmball. San Jose— Miss
Lulu Lounsberry. Elko, Nev.— Miss L.
Adams.
Hotel de JtedWood.
HOTEL DE REDWOOD, July 30.— The
guests here are having a meqy time.
Wednesday evening an amualng cake
walk was indulged in by nine couples. The
following different; characters were well
sustained: A Smith Sea Island couple,
Mrs. W. F. Mills and M. S. Cox, the latter
being arrayed in an original costume from
Tahiti; two c/jloniul couples, who danced
■ the minuet charmingly were Miss Helen
Arnett, C. H. Chase. Mlbs M. Maynard
and F. Hoplejx; an excellent representa
tion of Columbia was given by Miss Alice
Kelly, and of Uncle Sam by Miss Rhoda
Mlll3, who led the fair Columbia to the I
dance; a bridal couple. Miss M. Clark and j
S. McCrory; a Revolutionary dame, Tama
Angelina Scott, and son, Jeremiah, by
Mrs? M. S. Cox and H. Clark; Paul and
Virginia as fernbearers, by Mrs. Charles
E. Ker and Dr. S. S. Maynard; a flirting
couple, by Mrs. I. S. Averell and F. F. j
Arvthes, and a bashful couple, by Mrs. Leo j
F. Hampton and W. A. Tuck. The verdict i
of the judges. Miss E. O'Brien, Miss G.
Leavenworth and Miss F. Cox, was as fol-
Iowb: The most charming, the minuet
couples; the most graceful, the flirts;
most original, the fernbearers: most styl
ish. Aunt Tama and son; most Inspiring.
Columbia and Uncle Sam; best sustained
character, the bashful couple; best imita
tion of original cake walkers, the bridal
couple. The South Sea Islanders got tbs
cake.
Thursday evening was devoted to a
mock marriage ceremony, the bridal
couple being Francis Hopley and 8. Mc-
Crory. An original service was read by
F. F. Anthes. The ceremony concluded
with a dance.
Harbirv Springs.
Among the guests at Harbin Springs
are: R. B. Blddle, Miss Deutsch, Ch.
Conrod, J. H. Snowdon, E. Dalgero, G.
Cogorno, J. J. Judge, Miss H. J. Judge,
George Welneger, J. H. Smith, J. L.
Moore, William Manlove, Joseph For
sythe, Mrs. Jean Forsythe, Edwin Wal
ter, Lady Rose Grey, Lady Elsie Mon
taguw, Mrs. M. A. Cotton, R. J. Stupa
rich, N. J. Stuparlch and family, Captain
T. Murry, P. H. Medau, Miss Medau,
H. P. Franklin, L. Meyer, Mrs. L. T ielnz,
Miss L. Heinz, William Spiers, Mrs. J.
Banning, Mr. and Mrs. Everston, E. M.
Owens, J. A. Keasey, Otto Reuser,
Charles McCurdy, Mr. and Mrs. Schen
kel, Miss Nellie Hays. G. Wirzbiskl, W.
11. Baker and wife, A. Rosenlund and
family, A. 11. Bertrem, Mrs. Roche, Miss
Roche, Miss B. Knight, William Crofton,
T. M. Earl, J. Lyons J. McAuliffe, D.
Ducheim, B. Korskill and wife, J. A.
Hill, W. H. Davis, H. C. Silver, H. A.
Jackson, D. Lyons.
An evening entertainment and dance
was given on Tuesday evening. Among
the participants were Mr. and Mrs. Evis
ton. Captain Murry, Sergeant Owens,
First Lieutenant Lyons, Second Lieuten
ant Biddle, of San Francisco; George
Wineger, Mr. and Miss Judge of Vallejo;
Ed Rosenlund of San Francisco; the
Misses NeUle and Edna Hayes of Har
bin; Mr. and Mrs. Baker, Miss Colny
and William Davis of Oakland; Mr. and
Mrs. Wilson. The master of ceremonies
was Harry P. Franklin of San Fran
cisco. The affair was given in honor of
the departure of Mr. and Mrs. B. Haskell
of San Francisco.
Saratoga Springs,
Registered at Saratoga Springs are:
Miss Lippitt, A. L. Well, T. M. Osmont,
Miss A. R. Osmont. J. V. Coffey, Jere V.
Coftey, Mrs. W. A. Plunkett, W. A.
Plunkett. Miss Alice Plunkett. Mrs. Ma
jor J. A. Darling, H. A. Scale. H. A.
Deming, Miss Helen Deming. C. E. Malto,
Mr. and Mrs. M. M. Kahn, Lillie M. Caf
fry Rose M. Caffry, W. J. Shattuck, all
Paraiso Springs.
The latest arrivals at Paraiso Springs
are: B. Alexander, Miss B. Joost, J. J.
Kelly, Matthew Kavanagh, Jacob Nick
els and wife, Mrs. H. B. Ball, C. Goetgen,
H. Goetgen, J. F. Forbes, Miss Elizabeth
Shea, J. C. Nolan, Charles Quahman, G.
W. Dearborn, San Francisco; Mrs. R.
Schwartz, Mr. and Mrs. A. M. Johnston,
Santa Cruz; P. Murphy, Castroville; Miss
J. Doherty, San Juan; O. Cayer, W.
Wlnkerhalter, P. W. Morse, Sa
linas; C. T. Romle, Monte Carlo; E.
Mathewson, Salinas; George A. Clark, D.
Alexander. Miss J. Cohn, Francis Berry,
Watsonville; Miss Minnie Fruhling. E. J.
Wilcox, San Jose: Mrs. J. P. Gleason and
child, Gllroy; Miss A. Murphy, Castro
ville; F. J. Field, Monterey.
Aqua Galiente.
Among the week's arrivals at Agrua
Caliente are: Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Wheeler, Mr. and Mrs. Pelser, Mr. md
Mrs. Charles Linderman, Miss May Co
han, Mrs. G. Goodman, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Curtis, Miss Effle Hammond, Miss Louise
Hammond, Miss Lizzie Muir, Miss Feiita
Smith, F. J. Gedge, Miss JeannetteDoane,
E. j. Benedict, G. A. Dodge, Mrs. Oeta
Ryan. Mrs. H. P. Wood, M. Ryan, Mrs.
F. Harney, Miss A. E. Hicks, San Fran
cisco; Miss Iverman, Miss Essie Wise,
Miss M. Brown, Miss C. E. Hunter, Dr.
C. C. Griffith and wife, Santa Rosa. Mis*
May Lilienthal, Miss Adele Mack, San
Rafael.
/\etr\a Springs.
Among the week's arrivals at Aetna
Springs are: Mrs. Demarcuccl, Miss L.
Gorman, Mrs. Frank Fredericks, H. A.
Pless, F. C. Pless, Mrs. G. D. Korts. Miss
Mabel Korts, Mrs. S. Greer, Miss M. M.
Greer, Mr. Leisen, Prescott Sawyer, A. N.
Grant and wife. Miss M. Abble Folsom,
Fred Hannak, Joe Murr, H. F. Cahen
fcrank Harold, Judge Seawell and wife!
San Francisco; Mrs. Owen Wade, St.
Helena; William A. Imes, Oakland; H.
Lee Smith, Vallejo; Miss Jed Booth,
Pope Valley; Miss Virginia Dollarhlde,
Napa; Mrs. W. N. Dorsett, Rutherford.
holln opportUn7ty
FOR
ECONOMICAL BUYERS
■o*o*o*o*o*o<-»o*o*o*o*o+o*o*o*o*o*o*
CLOAK DEPARTMENT!
LADIES' JACKETS.
C A ef\ LADIES' TAN COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, faced with
|t«wv auk, worth $6 50, sale price $4 50 each.
C£ AA LADIES' BOUCLE CLOTH JACKETS, In black and navy, fly fronts,
&yJt\J\J faced with cloth, worth $10 00, sale price $5 00 each-
til A RA LADIES' BOUCLE CLOTH JACKETS, crepon effects in navy blue
vJ)U.3U only, fly fronts, faced with cloth, worth $12 50, sale price $6 50 each.
rf*'-) mf\ LAJDIES' BLACK SILK CAPES, lined with silk, yokes trimmed with
vJaiJV lace, necks finished with silk and lace, worth $6 00, sale price $2 50
each.
41 Bt A A LADIES' TWO-TONED BOUCLE CLOTH CAPES, faced Trtth silk,
$3«vU storm collars, worth $8 60, sale price $5 00 each.
41 A AA LADIES' BLACK ASTRACHAN CLOTH CAPES, lined with satin,
$O.vU storm collars, length 17 inches, worth $10 00, sale price $6 00 each.
sf% LADIES' BLACK ASTRACHAN CLOTH CAPES, lined with quilted
satin, storm collars, length 24 inches, worth $12 50, sale price $7 50
each.
LADIES' SUITS AND DRESS SKIRTS.
4_K Aft LADIES' ALL WOOL SUITS, in brown mixtures, fly front Jackets
Q)vJ»vr\/ lined with silk serge, skirts double lined and bound with velvet,
worth $10 00, sale price $5 00 each.
tf;<2 Sf\ LADIES' BLACK ALPACA DRESS SKIRTS, bayadere stripes,
mJ^*^" double lined and bound with velvet, worth $5 00, sale price $3 50 each.
<fcfi f\f\ LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, lined With
mJvI.vFV silk and bound with velvet, worth $10 00, sale price $6 00 each.
tf»7 KA LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESri SKIRTS, lined with
Q>/ •yJVJ percaline and bound with velvet, worth $12 50, sale price $7 50 each.
«MD CA, LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, double lined
CpCJ« JVJ and bound with velvet, worth $13 50, sale price $8 50 each.
[F(g Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., /
\J VJ San Francisco. /
•■■■■■■■■■■■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ m ■ ■ m
WILL BECOME A
PROFESSIONAL NURSE
Mies May Hoffman Will Go East Shortly to Study in a Hospital.
Where is the man who has the power and
skill
To stem the torrent of a woman's will?
For if she will, she will, you may depend
on't;
And if she won't, she won't; so there's an
end on't.
AGAINST the opposition of her
parents, against the arguments
of her sister, against the Impor
tunities of her admirers, and
against the expostulations of
her friends. May Hoffman, dash-
Ing society girl and ambitious leader
of her set, has turned a deaf ear.
She has determined to become a pro
fessional nurse, and has applied to a
hospital in the East for admittance. She
hao made up her mind Irrevocably to
leave behind her .he gayeties and friv
olties, the pleasures and pastimes of a
society career; to espouse a life of
work, a dreary routine of dull care,
anxiety and drudgery; to exchange the
days gay with tennis and teas, golf and
gossip, lunches and larks, shopping and
social success, for days wherein every
hour holds Its arduous duties and every
lapse of alert attention or the slightest
nagging of energy means a merited rp
buke which must be humbly received.
May Hoffman has been a typical so
ciety girl; tall, of fine physique, hand
some and well groomed, a perfect speci
men of the Gibson American model.
Her boast has been that for every oc
casion she has been perfectly gowned —
not because of the range of her ward
robe, but because of the discrimination
that guided her choice. The right cos
tume for the right hour has been a
matter of study of which the attain
ment has been undisputed. And each
and every gown May Hoffman has
worn with that intangible air known
to some few women who make their
dreßs a part of themselves, and lend to
the simplest frocks an air of rare dis
tinction. In shirt waist and tailor
skirt she haß reigned supreme, and in
a ball ~^wn with frou frous and lluff
she has been inimitable.
Gay, dashing and accomplished, she
is fitted to lead' her coterie of young
frlendß. She has bicycled with skill
and daring, golfed among the first girls
at the links, and danced with an ease
and grace that has made her sought
after for a partner. Her manner is a
gift, easy, cordial, and with lust the
proper soupconof srushand enthusiasm.
She is bright and quick, and never at a
loss for the valuable small talk of so
ciety. She has always been as pains
taking wit'n the old as with the young,
and she would leave an admiring cir
cle of friends to cross a room and make
a graceful little speech to some lady,
three times her age, standing alone,
whom she had espied and recognized as
a casual acquaintance.
May Hoffman and her sister Alice are
nieces of the late Judge Ogden Hoff
man, who had many warm friends.
Among them was Charles Mayne, well
known in San Francisco, who, out of
love for the Judge, left each of his
nieces $50,000. The money left to May
Hoffman was in railroad bonds, and the
income therefrom began immediately
and has been a steady one ever since.
The part of Mr. Mayne's estate left to
her sister Alice has been in litigation;
and she has been unable to draw any of
the money left her, so she has never
been independent like her older sister.
She is athletic, fun-loving and popular,
yet society could have understood from
Alice Hoffman a determination to
eschew society and become a profes
sional nurse, for the salary is a good
one, and in her case this might have
been the incentive.
But May Hoffman, with money in
addition to position, youth and good
looks, seems to have no cause for turn
ing her back upon the gay world to
bury herself in a hospital with the sick.
There has been another side to May
Hoffman's character. She has been ac
tively engaged in charitable work for
the past three years, and having money
as well as time and a good heart, she
has been a valuable aid to many a
charitable undertaking. Society said
that charity was a fad with this so
ciety belle; some said her ambition for
leadership and her love of managing 1
had led her into a field where she ruled
by reason of untiring zeal and undis
puted capability, added, of course, to
the all-important factor — money. But
fads are evanescent as a coquette's
caprice, and May Hoffman has not tired
of her benevolent work.
At the Children's Hospital she has
been a constant visitor, and in every
scheme for its advancement and profit
she has been head and foremost. Her
friends question if it Is there she has
imbibed a love of nursing, a desire to
soothe, to comfort and to help; or if,
perchance, the white cap and apron
appeal to her Idea of perfection — or
at least variety— in dress; or, if in the
lavish expenditure incidental upon a
career such as hers she has drawn upon
her principal and is now desirous of
retrenching; or whether war has turne.l
her thoughts to graver issues, to the
nurse of the battle field and the pillow
smoothing of some wounded soldier; or
if she longs for an experience that is
novel, as well as to give unto others a
sensation of which she is the heroine;
or if she has simply exhausted the life
of a society girl and the devotion of
the society man.
-
mWomen`s Fashions
MEW YORK, July 2?.— Summer
has Its hats no less than win
. ter.
In fact to .speak literally,
3 ii summer hats are greater than
winter ones, much greater in (
] olnt of siae, and ffer exceeding them in |
newest hat of the summer of '98 is j
Laud Muller. which is part hat' and ;
sunbonnet. It is made upon a wire !
with a poke bonnet crown. It is in
truth an imrnwHt,- poke hat with a flaring
front, and a big, round back. It is worn
over the face, which gives it a sun
bonnet took.
To make one of these hats you get a j
wire frame and cover it with mull. Set
un edge of chiffon around the frame so I
that it will fall over the hair, and fastei)
It with large, white ribbon strings. The i
only other decoration needed on your j
Maud Muller hat is a band of ribbon j
which Is tied into double loops and ends,
at the side. Plumes may be set in the i
bund of ribbon bo as to fall far forwuyl.
These pokes come in white straw and |
art- very decorative. They are faced with
rosy silk and bordered with a double chif- i
fon puff. They may be trimmed with '■
large bows of ribbon and bunches -of I
flowers and white plumes. A hat like this j
is not worn for warmth, but for decora- i
tlon and as a sunshade. The sunshade {
hat may be a flat hat, of course, but the
poke bonnet is a much more decorative]
tun hat.
The summer toque is to be worn to sum
mer entertainments. Theatricals at tnirh- i
mer resorts and concerts arid other pub
lic affairs call for a hat. and for these i
there comes a straw toque, which this
summer is very pretty.
Many of these toques come in a rough
Straw which requires little trimming.;
Some of them are of white straw with !
trimmings of .green straw. On such a
toque as this the only decoration that is
required Is a handful of stiff plumes sew- |
e<] at one side of the hat and llnlshed with
a knot of veiling. These toques ire very
easily trimmed and many of them an
Worn without trimming of any kind
except a knot of veiling and a twist of tnt
pume material.
It is Questioned whether it is desirable
AN UP-TO-DATE POKE BONNET.
! to pay a great deal for a summer hat. !
Surnmor straws are so varied and summer
materials are so cheat tnat it seems al
most a pity to exnend {25 upon a single
hat, when for that sum any woman who
Is handy with her fingers can easily get a
dozen hats.
In making her own hats the home mil
liner should be careful to select something
which she can trim. It is a \*>ry good
plan for the observant woman to look at
the shapes that are much worn and to se
lect one which she admires. Then comes
the question of trimming.
Too often the home milliner depends '
upon odds and ends in the house. These
are wrinkled, faded and soiled, and cut
Into inconvenient lengths. Not even a
■ milliner can make anything out of them.
! For home milllnerv purchase new ribbons, j
> new flowers, new feathers and new Un- \
; ings. Do not use anything that is o.d if .
I you want a good effect. The professional i
| milliner may be able to work with odds
and ends, but the amateur requires the
best of goods. Put on your trimming with I
lavish hand and trust to pins as well pa ':
: thread for fastening your trimming. .Mil- '
; liners oftfn employ pins, as will be seen
by ripping a hat apart, and the home mii- !
] Uner can do the same.
One great error in home millinery oc
curs, when there i» an effort to smooth
i the trimming down. If you will notice
I the store hat you will see that irs loops
, stand smartly erect, that Its feathers are
| pointed in an aggressive way. that its v*.-l
'■vet is- put on in gr»;it rolls, without any
;• attempt to flatten the rimming (low i.
•: The home milliner, on the other hund.
i rol-ls the velvet tiat, lays the fe&thorfl
down upon the hat, and by various Sat
touches gives it the amateur look so
easily detected.
! 'Ribbon stiffening costs little. Wire
■ comet) in all colors for sewing along t-he ]
! edges of .ribbon. Rolls of velvet can easily
be made larg<= without using a great deal
of material. A little crinoline should be
used underneath fhe velvet. If chiffon is
I. used, the foundation should be mull. The
; Ohiffon is twisted over the mull .md is
, stiffened by it.
Such delightful hood hats are made for
Dice day and evening occasions. These
are veritable red riding hoods and are so
THE THREE LATEST THINGS
OUT, THE FRENCH SAILOR,
THE PiNK VEiL AND THE SWORD
HANDLED UMBRELLA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 81, 1898.
becoming to the face that women who
study their good looks have several of
them.
v The red riding hood hat is one that is
made of any thin material lined wltn a
bright color. A ruffle- or ruching Is j.ut
around. the edge, and there is a little cape
around the neck. The hat Is caoaMe ot a
great variety of treatment and some. tf
the results are truly surprising.
At an open air performance of "Ab You
Like It," at a summer resort recently,
a very pretty woman gowned In gray sat
under a green tree, wearing a hood of
leaf green satin, lined with Drlght cerise
silk. There was a double frill around the
edge of the hood of gray chiffon. The
three colors harmonized delicately and
beautifully and gave a very nice touch
to the costume. Its very decorative In
side lining makes a pretty contrast of
color.
Mats of this kind are also made out of
mull and lawn of all colors. They are
lined with taffeta and are bordered with
a little mull ruffle or a ruffle of silk. The
hood is tied under the chin with a very
bright ribbon.
The woman who is fitting herself out
with summer hats will do well to select
odd ones. That is, hats that are a little
out of the ordinary without being too
conspicuous. In summer, the odd hat is
preferable to the conventional one. Two
or three poke hats, a mull toque and two
straws will carry one fairly well during
the summer season. The toouos can be
used for traveling, the poke hat for
croquet and other lawn games and the
hats for day and evening.
Of course for bicycling and golf there
must be another style of hat, hut for
these there Is nothing equal to the sail
or, which is becoming to all ages and con
ditions of women.
The Bailor hat this year Is trimmed.
Bands of ribbon with quills, sashes with
fringes, veiling with flowers, silk with
bunches of feathers, all are worn on
sailor hats.
A year ago a fashionable woman cre
ated a sensation in society at an after
noon luncheon by announcing that al
though she had fifteen hats that sum
mer, not one of them contained an hi'h
of silk. Bfftln, velvet or straw. They
were entirely of paper. This wa.-i ques
tioned until she had a maid produce from
the cloak room a very natty black tur
ban, trimmed apparently with bards of
silk. On investigation it was found that
the turban was covered with dull black
silk paper, and banded with the same ma
terial. On a wager she produced all her
hats and proved that they were trimmed
In the same way.
In a certain very large city there Is to
day an immense millinery emporium
filled from entrance to exit with trimmed
hate made entirely nut of paper. French
tissue, Japanese tissue and silk paper are
SOAP FOR THE COMPLEXION
This department is for the benefit of all beauty seekers, and correspondence is cordially Invited. Ques
tions will be answered in these columns. Sign any name that you choose, and address all communications to
Mme. Kygeia, The Sunday Call, San Francisco.
THE question as to whether or not
soap should be used upon the face
can bring up more opinions than
can the discussion as to whether
Sehley or Sampson deserves the
I credit of >the latest achievement of the
! American navy.
Some one wrote me last week and said
that when she used soap on her face the
skin felt stretched and uncomfortable,
and yet wh'-n she did not use It she could
not make herself believe that her face
I was really clean. One cannot make a
cast-iron rule for all womankind and say,
"Thou shalt not use soap." What Is good
for one complexion is not good for an
other. If you find that soap does not
i agree with your skin shun It as you
! would a poison; if It does agree with It
i then give the face a gentle scrubbing
! every night, being careful to rinse away
i every particle of the soap.
Bo sure that your soap is of the very
best kind. A large number of toilet soaps
arc made of rancid or half-putrid fat,
I combined with strong alkalies, which
j cause inestimable damage to the skin by
dissolving a minute portion of the cuticle,
as well as much of the secretions that
Impart to it Its softness and suppleness.
Soaps containing a preponderance of
oily matter, which most of the milder toi
let Boape -now do, mechanically soften
the skin and promote its smoothness. The
former possesses greater cleansing power
than the latter, but its frequent use is
injurious, rendering the skin rough,
harsh, disposed to crack and easily *af
HATS OF
THE SUMMER
>J \Li
used. The paper comes striped In all
colors, flowered, crinkled and plain. It
Is as tough as r-!lk and much more dur
able than mull or chiffon. You can sprin
kle it and you can let the sun shine upon
it, but it will remain true to color, -which
is a great deal more than can be said of
many summer materials.
These hats are, unfortunately, very ex
pensive, but the woman who is deter
mined to do her own millinery can Kct a
few yards of silk tissue paper, crinkled
and plain, and experiment with it. Let
her mako silk tissue roses and trim her
hat with them. On actual trial she will
find that they wear extremely well. She
can face her hat with the tough Japanese.
variety of paper and can otherwise dec
orate it just about as she pleases. Of
course, with the use of paper the cost of
the hat is extremely small, and she can
have as many as she desires without
spending more than a few dollars.
In purchasing a^ paper hat, however,
any woman will be compelled to pay a
large sum. These are quite expensive.
They are placing so much work upon the
paper flowers and the trimmings that It
becomes necessary to charge well for
them. Besides, they are so beautiful that
they command a high price and readily
obtain it. The advantages of tissue paper
are many, the principal one of which la
the color, which is absolutely steadfast.
It is warranted not to lose its brilliancy.
In using tissue paper one can combine
eilk and 'velevt with it without notice.
Try this material once, for a change, and
see if you are not well pleased with it.
Colors "that do not fade are cerise, pur
pllsh blue and saffron. wa^
LATEST
COMBINATION
NOTWITHSTANDING the threat
ened boycott of everything Pari
sian in the way of millinery, dress
making: and the little odds and
ends of feminine attire -which go so far
toward making an entirely complete and
fashionable woman, Paris has sent us an
ultimatum, so far as the ever-useful
sailor hat is concerned, which our girls,
ever wide awake to that which will en
hance their beauty, have received with
distinguished consideration.
To be up to date the girl of the period
must not wear the usual plain, severe,
coarse or fine straw sailor, so closely
copying that of her brothers or husband,
but must add a little finishing touch of
femininity to It, which Is certainly very
charming and extremely becoming to
nearly every style of face. It is an ac
knowledged fact that nearly every wom
an looks well in a sailor, and if the plain
ribbon banded straw Is so fetching how
much more attractive will be the latest
style sent to us by our French sisters?
The new sailor is more stylish and up
to date when made of a fine French chip
straw. The crown Is a little higher than
the ordinary mannish hat of coarse,
rough straw, and the brim a little broad
er in front than at the back. Boulllon
nes of chiffon or silk surround the crown,
either of white, veiled with figured black
lace, or all of white, with chenille dotted
net covering the soft, fluffy chiffon or
silk roll.
Then there are large double Mercury
wingF spread across the front of the hat,
finished with a "choux," as it is called,
of soft chiffon or silk. This trimming
may be varied to suit the face the hat
is intended to set off by being placed at
the side. But the full white Mercury
wings are an indispensable part of a chic
sailor for this season.
The back of the hat Is filled In with
soft choux of white chiffon or roses,
which is a matter of taste: but to be al
together in the style the back is better
left untrimmed. Another favorite method
of transforming the mannish sailor into
a womanly one Is to trim it with one of
the long, soft Roman scarfs so fashion
able at present and to form full knots of
the soft Italian silk at the side, from
which In coquettish tills will protrude the
Inevitable white Mercury wings. These
wings must be on the hat or the style is
gone.
It Is not alone sufficient to have your
sailor hat. but the girl who adopts this
pretty mode must also adopt the new
white and pink round veils which go with
it These veils are but one of the many
revivals of which mis spring and sum
mer have been so prolific. Nearly every
rirl can go through her mother's, nay,
perhaps her grandmother's, box of laces
and mid the fac-simlle of the newest '98
Straight across the top, It Is finished I
with a beading through which elastic in
narrow ribbon is run, by which it can be I
gathered around the crown of the hat. Its
bottom is circular shaped, so that when
it is In It falls below the chin in front and
slopes up even with the hat brim in the
back. It has a handsomeh' designed bor
der, sometimes in black applique on the ,
white net. but thip latter is rather outre i
and too pronounced for the ultra refined I
woman.
A still more startling novelty, which Is
designed for wear with the sailors
trimmed with Roman scarfs, Is the veil j
of pink tulle with large, medium sized !
and Email white chenille dots. This pink
veil Is certainly a great beauty enhancer, ;
but one which 1 doubt will have a long !
life.
Now, to be complete In all the glory of I
her summer paraphernalia, the '98 girl '
fected by exposure to wind and cold.
Do not use a colored soap. Many of the
highly scented and colored toilet soaps
contain a considerable amount of lime,
chalk or gypsum and owe their attractive
tints to noxious mineral matters.
I hate to recommend anything Spanish,
but the real imported castile soap which
Is made of olive oil and soda is all right.
However, the problem is best solved by
manufacturing your own toilet Boaps.
and this Is not difficult to do. Here is the
formula for a soap which is particularly
nice for the hands on account of the oils
which it contains. It is called:
JUNIATA TOILET SOAP.
To one good-sized bar of caßtlle
soap add sufficient water to dis
solve It thoroughly. Stir in one
tablespoonful of bicarbonate of
soda. Let boll. Remove from fire
and stir In one tablespoonful of
each of the following oils (mixed):
Cocoanut, sweet almond and olive.
Add one tablespoonful of mixture
of equal parts of spirits of cam
phor, nitre, and ammonia and stir
slightly. Put in molds and let
. Btand for some time before using.
If a scented soap is preferred, here is
one with a frngrance as of wood violets
straight from the meadows:
White castile soap, 8 ounces.
Honey, 1 ounce.
Spermaceti. 1 ounfe.
Oil' of sweet almonds, 1% ounces.
v\ hlte wax, 1 ounce.
Essence of violets, ounce.
Shave the cas..ie soap very fine. Put
the honey in a double boiler and when
hot add the soap. In another double
boner put the oil of almonds and the
spermaceti and the wax, which have been
grated fine. When the soap is entirely
must have a touch of the "millngtary" In
her make u*\ and this has been furnished
in the new umbrella handles. As all
Americans are war crazy, the fashions,
of course, must follow the trend of the
public mind. With this idea in view the
fad of the hour is a sun umbrella with a
gilded sword handle. It matters little to
the swell jrlrl that these umbrellas are
hard to carry, and with the present style
of full skirts, which must be neld up with
both hands, almost an impoFsibilitv to
hold open, still, all tnie must be put to
one side, and a sword handle she must
have to her sunshade.
These sword handles are not confined to
the plain silk sun umbrella, but extend to
the thousand and one pretty conceits of
the hour, which are most elaborate pro
ductions of tucks, hemstitching, ruch
ings, plaitinps and insertions of lace,
Swiss muslin, mullo, nonpee. foulard and
every conceivable material on the market
to-day.
HATS FOR
TRAVELING
Paris Letter to Sunday Call.
Here are descriptions of hats seen at
certain millinery houses:
At Rue de la Paix I have seen the fol
lowing:
1. A boating hat of navy blue Manila
straw, with brim of the same, m.xod with
white straw; tartan bow and elaborate
strass buckle.
2. Boating hat of red Manila straw, with
white and red straw border, trimmed
with pink spotted ta^etas and fancy
white spotted feathers.
3. Miller's hat of soft red felt, trimmed
with striped blue and white ribbon, drab
and white fancy feathers and 'band of
straw around the edge on the under side
of the brim.
5. Miller's hat of soft red felt, with band
of straw on the under side of the brim.
This hat Is trimmed with red satin and
white feathers.
Seen at the Maison Nouvelle:
4. Boating hat of red Italian straw, with
tartan bow and black feathers.
6. White straw hat, trimmed with white
feathers and black velvet.
8. Three-cornered hat of beige straw,
trimmed with snuff-colored taffetas and a
mixture of light and dark feathers.
THE SELF-TRIMMED STRAW TOQUE.
Seen in Rue Dannou:
. White straw hut, trimmed with black
and orange velvet, fancy feathers,
spangled.
9. Boating hat of white Panama straw,
trimmed with seal-colored velvet spotted
with white and fancy feathers.
11. Boating hat of white Manila straw,
trimmed with blue and white spotted
foulard and white feathers.
12. Boating hat of white plaited straw.
trimmed with white satin spotted with
black and white feathers.
One can speak by telephone from Berlin
with any part of Germany for three min
utes for 25 cents; for a conversation with
any place outside of Germany the fees
range between 50 cents (Prague) and $1
(Budapest).
melted pour the oils and the soap to
gether. Sometimes it may be necessary
to add a little hot water to the honey
and soap, but be very sparing of it, lest
you weaKen your soap, so that it will not
harden. Two tablespoonfuls, at most. Is
quite enough. After the oils and the soap
have been in the hot water bath, which
should be kept boiling briskly, for ten or
fifteen minutes, remove from the fire, add
the essence of violets, stir and then pour
into teacups, if you do not happen to
have any molds handy.
Soap, lik« wine, improves with age, so
the longer this Is kept before using the
better it will be.
This is a bit more troublesome to make
than the first recipe given, but, if direc
tions are carefully followed, should come
out all right.
A liquid soap, which' is much easier to
compound than either of the other two,
which is particularly good for doing away
with blackheads and also makes a de
lightful shampoo, is maSe after the fol
lowing fashion:
Cut In very small shavings one-half
pound of pure imported castile soap.
Place in a porcelain vessel with two
quarts of boiling water. Let it simmer
until every particle of the soap is dis
solved. Wheji cold it should be of the
consistency of rather thin cream, and if
thicker add more warm water. Stir In
one-fourth pint of alcohol and then let
stand several days in fl wiirm room. All
the alkali and impurities wilt settle to
the bottom and the liquid will be as clear
as crystal. Pour off very carefully, leav
ing the residue for kitchen purposes. Add
one-fourth ounce espenoe of verbena.
Pour a little of it in the water before
bathing. I am sure you will find it de
lljfhtful.
One word as to the care of soap. Keep
*52« . ">^ ■ ;.- >^/ *»- ' 1: Jr * "**-^«— v_''\
A RED RIDING HOOD HAT.
perfumed soap in glass or earthen jars, |
and in a cool, dry place, for damp soap
loses its perfume quicker tiian hard, com
pact and moderately dry soap.
I wish that my- readers, after experi
menting with any of the recipes that I
give them, would write to me and let
me know how successful they havi; been.
In the case of failure, I may be able to
point out where the error was, or per
haps give a timely hint that may be the
means of redeeming some mixture that
seems hopeless.
«- —
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
GEORGTANA — Blackheads are very
hard to get rid of. Buy a camel's hair
fuce brush and scrub the face with L^fcd
water and pure castile soap every nife^.
Or, you might use the liquid soap that J
have given the formula for In my tal^
to-day. Be sure to rinse away all the
soap. Then dry and apply a cold
I cream, rubbing it into the pores until it
is all absorbed. The next morning: bathe
the face in clear tepid water. Squeezing 1
out the blackheads in a great mistake. It
irritates them and increases them in
■number and. size. Take a daily sponge
bath, one or two hot baths a week, plenty
of exercise, and avoid rich, greasy foods,
and I feel sure the blackheads will dis
appear. If they do not, then let me know
and I will give you a recipe for a lotion
to use in connection with the scrubbing.
Lemon juice ie the simplest thing to use
on the face for the removal of Freckles.
Dilute it with rose water, and when going
out protect the face against wind and sun
by wearing a chiffon veil. This is also
Rood for tan. For the wrinkles massage
thoroughly each night with a good skin
food, such as I gave formula for on wrin
kles in The Sunday Call of July 10.
MONA L. — For excessive perspiration
wash the parts affected with boracic acid,
diluted in the proportion of one part or
the acid to twenty py.rts of hot water.
Then dust with this powder: Salicylic
acid, three parts; talc, seven parts;
starch, ninety parts.
OLIVETTE— For the discolora'Jon and
swellings under the eyes try bathing
them with witch hazel and camphor wa
ter in equal proportions.
THELMA-I am always so sorry when
any one asks me for something to prevent
the white hairs from coming, for, to my
mind, there is nothing more lovely than
white hair. It softens the lines of the
1 face, lends dignity to it and altogether
gives it a chastened appearance. How
ever, we do not all think alike. When
hair begins to turn white it indicates a
failure of iron in the system, and a good
plan is to take a good iron tonic pre
scribed by a physician. Do not use any
of the so-called "restoratives." Most of
them are poisonous and dangerous or else
color the scalp and give the head a most
uncleanly appearance. There is a tonic
of claret and sulphate of iron which has
a slight coloring effect. The proportions
are: One gram sulphate of iron to sixty
grams genuine claret. Boil for one min
ute, and when cold bottle and cork. Wash
j the hair with this twice a week, allowing
ilt to dry on. This strengthens and invig
orates the hair bulbs and thus brings
back the natural tints. If you will apply
rose water or a very little bit of cold
cream before powdering you will find
the powder will go on more smoothly.
EVA— A good white face powder Is
made by sifting over and over again one
ounce of the finest rice powder with thre«
ounces of pure oxide of zinc and adding
three drops of oil of roses. A dry rouge
is thus prepared: Carmine, half A
dram; oil of almonds, one dram;
French chalk, two ounces. Mix. If you
prefer a liquid rouge, or a grease, write
to me again, and I will give you a for
mula.
MARGARET— Here is the formula for
I a hair tonic. Cologne, eight ounces; tine
' ture of cantharides. one ounce; oil of
I English lavender, oil of rosemary, one
half dram each. Apply to the roots
of the hair once or twice a day. It Is
positively necessary that the scalp should
be kept clean. For freckles of the "all
year round kind,"' the only sure way of
getting rid of them Is to wear a mask
made of beautifying paste, until they fad»
out. A paste 1b easily made by mixing
three ounces of ground barley (or fresh
rye meal) with one ounce of honey and
the white of an egg. Use at night and
wash off in the morning. Wear during
the day as much as possible. After this
treatment you will have to take great
'.•are when going out to protect the face
with a veil or parasol.
H. H. H.— l have seen in the East a
patent contrivance of some sort, which,
placed over the mouth at night, forces
one to breathe through the nose, and so
does away with the snoring. Whether or
not the article can be found here I do
not know.
I have never known of any such opera
tion as you mention. Such a one, I should
think, would be largely in the nature of
an experiment, and I fear could not be
undergone without taking grave chances.
MME. HYGEIA.
HOW TO BUY
EASTERN RUGS
SINCE Oriental rugs have become so
much sought after by the follow^
ers of fashion countless frauds
and Impositions are being prac
ticed. Here are a few pointers as
offsets furnished by a professional buyer
of rugs from the East.
Some dealers will always assure you
with passionate earnestness that the rugs
are either Persian or Turkish. You must
not believe a word they say, for somo
Mussulmen have been raised in the be
lief that to get the better of a Christian
is a saving grace. As the size of Persian
and Turkish rugs rarely exceed eight ana
I a half by six and a half feet, about a
I per cent of all the rugs made are larger
but they have been made to order, and
only about 1 per cent of the 5 per cent
ever come to America.
The Oriental worker makes the rugs to
fill the use of chairs and they are plleu
in heaps in his narrow hut or house.
Only the long narrow carpets which wo
covet for our halls and stairs are in
tended by him to be used under foot.
These floor strips are never more than
sixteen feet, and are usually thirteen by
three feet.
In this country, and in San Franciscu
In particular, a great many large rugs aru
being sold as Dagastan, Goulistan, etc.,
some of them running as high as twelve
by twenty-four feet. They are made in
large barbaric patterns, with great wealth
of color and are very loosely woven.
They are genuine Oriental rugs, but not
Persian or Turkish. They are made in
four prisons of India, where the British
Government employs the native convicts
in the making of these rugs for the Eu
ropean and American markets.
As a number of men are employed on
one rug the pattern must be given them
by the English overseer, as the convicts
do not belong to the rug mailing class.
Hence the patterns are such as a long
headed Englishman would select.
In the Persian and Turkish huts the
whole family will work on a rug, whose
pattern is evolred with the rug.
The prison-made rugs are made of in
ferior wool, as the Government buys only
the short staple, while the Oriental usea
the rongest and finest wool obtainable.
The prison rugs are dyed wfth analine
dyes, while In the old Oriental families
the secret of the vegetable dyes has
been guarded for centuries and handed
down from generation to generation.
The British Government has found tn!»
industry profitable and it has grown to
such an extent that'they have more
orders than they can fill. As a conse
quence they are constantly improving the
rugs which, while beautiful and genuine,
are not what they are represented to be
when sold in this country. The analina
dyes fade, which often softens and im
proves the rug, where It does not fade
unevenly, as is very often the case.
A simple test for analine which any
one can apply at a moment's notice is
to moi-sten a white handkerchief and rub
the suspected rug vigorously. If any of
i the color comes off it is analine dye.
It must be borne in mind that owin»
| to the difficulty the peasants have in ob
; talning some of the vegetable dyes, they
will sometimes substitute one color, par
ticularly sapphire, in analine. An abso
i lutely infallible test for analine dye Is to
j test the rug with a match. Pull out a
I thread and burn with a match, letting the
| ash fall on the rug. It will leave a yel
low smudge. If the thread was dyed with
vegetable dyes you can easily 'rub the
: smudge off with a handkerchief; if dyed
I with analine the smudge cannot be rub
bed off.
As to patterns, the genuine rug may
have occasionally European designs. The
i French have serit to the Persian families
! designs to be made up, and these rugs are
j sometimes offered for fale>*ere.
I An American had for sale in San Fran-
I Cisco three of the most beautiful rugs,
I which he said had been ordered by the
i French Embassador.
The background was blue in one, red
in the other and white in the third. Each
j had for the center the French flag,
j crossed by the Persian. The rugf were
made of camel's hair and* silk, and were
I valued at $700 for the three.
Most of the Eastern rugs are made by
Mohammedans, and as the Koran forbids
! the representation of any living thing,
when the pattern contains the likeness
more or less crude of an animal, usually
a horse, sometimes a camel, the ru~ was
probably made by a Nestorian Christian
j in Asia Minor, or in Anatolia, by a Greek
Christian family.
These Anatolian rugs being made of
i very long, staple wool, are exceedingly
I beautiful, and are more artistic in color
i Ing and in pattern than In Persia, wher#
! rug making has become an established
! industry.
The Anatolian agrees with Eugen»
j Field, thinking that any color. ?o long at
; It is red. is the color that suits him best*
and the prevailing color of all Anatolian
rugs is a rich pigeon blood red. Th«
, Christian made rugs often have a cross
I In the pattern.
The Bokara rug, so much prized by col
lectors, has always for a pattern a very
conventionalized pomgranite about Ixl^4
i inches,' being nearly circular, usually on
! a rich dark red background.
The Tlflis hnll carpets used by us a*
stair carpets have also frequently a con*
and the pomgranate Is much larger— thaV
but the rug Is not so closely woven as a
Bokara, the coloring is totally different
j and the pomgranite is much largor— that
is, about 2V> inches in diameter, and is
rather PTuare than round.
One nt The best weaves of the Persian
! rugs is the Sherez, but a word of warn
ing concerning these rugs. At Sherez, a
i town in Persia, factories nave b^r*n started
! where they turn out large numbers of tho
rugs, very beautiful, but all colored with
the analine dyes, ana sure to fade, and to
fade unevenly.
The genuine old Sherez Is usually of a
very simple pattern, consisting of verti
cal or diagonal stripes surrounded by a
greater or smaller number of borders. As
I a rule the greater number of borders in
I this rug the greater the value.
2728
MRS. ANNE THACKERAY RIT
CHIE has just brought out the
fourth volume of the Biographi
cal Edition of her father's works.
This volume comprises "Barry
Lyndon." which, in a sort, is his master
piece, coming next in the same sort to
Fielding's "Jonathan Wild," on which it
is remodeled as the greatest tour de force
In the English language; "Catherine," a
grew »ome bit of anti-realistic realism:
"The Fatal Boots" and other sketches of
the same period.
Tho introduction to this volume con
tains more Interesting personalia, the
greater part of which is new. Even the
old story which Is included— the one re
lating to that egregious young Irishman,
Briffgs, who wished to thrash the novel
ist :.:i<l for that purpose took a room
across the way— ls elucidated a little
further than in the earlier version. The
Catherine Hayes of "Catherine" was a
real person, and a well-known Irish mur
deress. When Thackeray's story ap
peared many Impressionable Irishmen
suspected that it "was a deliberate at
tempt to ruin Miss Catherine Hayes," a
singer popular in Ireland. Brlggs, It
seems, brooded over the supposed wrong,
and It was his loyalty to the fame of the
singer that drove him to contemplate
reprisals upon Thackeray.
When Thackeray__j«v?te "The Great
Hoggarty Diamond"," It was rejected by
the Blackwoods. "They refused the best
story I ever wrote." he afterward said.
The note is authoritative, but there be
come who would prefer to regard "Barry
Lyndon" as his most brilliant work, and
it Is surprising to learn from the quota
tions which Mrs. Ritchie gives from her
father's diary that he wrote the book
with difficulty, and was not, on the whole.
FRATERNAL NEWS
THE ODD FELLOWS.
The reports that are being received at
the office of the grand secretary show
that during the past six months the order
has been doing remarkably well in this
jurisdiction.
Calaveras Encampment at Angels Camp
recently initiated six candidates.
Miss Etta Coburn of Oriental Lodge of
the Rebekahs has been presented a beau
tiful jewel and a collar emblematic of her
rank In the order.
The following named offiers of Templar
Rebokah Lodge were installed by Mrs.
Anna M. Dernlng, P. D. D. P., for the
current term: Emma F. Wessllg, N. G.;
Mary McLane, V. G.; Minna Plath. R. S. ;
Fannie Lord, F. S. ; Delia Spinney. T.;
Julia Dreese, W.; Dale H. Warford. O. G.;
Winnifred Dowie, C. : Alma Johnson, I.
G. Lizzie Berry. P. N. G., presented
Henrietta C. Edwards, junior past noble
grand, with a handsome jewel. Past
Grand Brower then, on behalf of the
lodge, presented to the retiring noble
grand. Tillie Wir.terstein. a beautiful re
galia. This was followed by the presen
tation by Ada Patterson. P. N. G., on be
half of the grand officers and the mem
bers of the lodge, of a fine gold watch and
chain to Mrs. Dernlng. the retiring dis
trict deputy, as a token of their esteem.
.The following named are the officers of
Cosmopolitan Lodge, Installed for the
current term: E. G. Merthens Jr., P. G.;
James Kancgn, N. G. ; T. Jarvis, V. G.;
A. J. deary, R. S.; W. W. Peck. F. S.;
E. McGinnis, T.; A. H. Cousins, R. S. N.
G.; J. Francis. L. S. N. <i; L. G. Schord,
W.r-Z. Zlegler. C. ; R. Wyiiall. R. S. V. G.;
I. P. Sutich. L. S. V. G. ; P. G. Mueser,
R. S. S.; N. Fisk. L. 8. 8.; P. Christian
sen. G. • After the ceremony there were
addresses by G. W. Keeler, D. D.; A. K.
Kinsreford. G. W.; A. J. Doyle, G. T.; H. H.
Dobbins. G. S.; J. N. Nesbltt. G. M. There
were present a number of the boys in
blue, and they led the attack on the Ha
vanas that were in the room.
The officers of Oriental Encampment
wero Installed by John A. Foster. D. D.
G. P.; and a full corps of officers in a
very Impressive manner.
ANCIENT ORDER OF WORKMEN.
The officers of Yuerba Buena Lodge
were installed on the evening of the loth
Inst. by Deputy Wigmore, assisted by E.
Danforth. D. D. G. M. W., and a full corps
of past masters acting as grand officers.
The work was in excellent form, and the
deputy was highly complimented. The
following are the new officers: R. A. Sll
vas, P. M.; R. E. Romer, M. W.; J. B.
Clifford. P.; F. W. Bain, O.; Fred B.
Wood, R.; C. EL King, F. ; F. Lawrence,
recorder; W. E. Bain, G.; Charles P. Shea,
I. W.; T. Kiernan. O. W. J. T. Porter is
the appointed organist. After the Instal
lation, conducted In the presence of a
large number of members and visitors,
there was a pleasant evening of Interest
ing and instructive speeches. •
J..ast wwk the officers of Crocker
Lodge were installed by Deputy Van
Alen, assisted by Grand Deputy Mas
ter Workman Danforth and six of the dis
trict deputies. The folowing are the new
officers: J. M. Jensen, P. M.; J. H. Bar
ron, M. W. ; A. McKenzie, F. ; W. Potter,
O.: Dr. M. B. Ryer, R.; H. J. McCllntock,
Fin.; C. H. Carcass, recorder; Dr. F. D.
Ashworth, G.; A. Warburton, I. W. , and
G. R. Johnson. O. W. At the close of the
ceremony. Retiring District Deputy Han
sen was, on behalf of the lodge, presented
with an artistic gold emblematic charm.
In recognition of the valuable assistance
he has rendered the lodge. The deputy
f:ran<i master workman made an interest
ng anu forceful address, and was fol
lowed by others. The lodge treated its
visitors a;,d members to cigars.
From the annual reports of Supreme
Recorder backett it appears that the net
increase last, year was 151 lodges and 5435
members, ixclusive of the Jurisdiction of
Omarlo. The total members, new and re
admitted. during the year was 45,024. The
amount of beneficiaries paid was $7,761,934.
an increan.e over the preceding year oi
$282,167. Total disbursements Since organ
ization to end of the fiscal year 1*97 was
$80,723,473. The percentage of net increase
Of members in 1897 wag 2.45, as agaliibt 3.55
in the previous year.
Grand Mnsaer Bahrs was taken jcrlous-
Iy ill while visiting in Slskiyou. and
was removed to Upper Soda Lax--, where
he Is convalescent.
Deputy Maplcsden secured 153 applica
tions in Lassen and Modoc counties in a
few weeks. Deputy Well Is about to or
ganize a lodge at Florence, Los Angeles
County.
The officers of Santa Cruz Lodge were
publicly installed in Armory Hall in tho
presence of a very large audience. The
officers were obligated by Acting Grand
Master B. T. Clement, after which Dep
uty Grand Master Workman Danforth
installed G. E. Yale aa past master of
the lodge and then presented him with a
commission as district deputy, in recogni
tion of his valuable services to the lodge
and order, he having In his term pre
sented, through his personal efforts, thir
ty-four candidates for initiation. The new
deputy, then, with the assistance of E.
Danforth, D. G. M. W., as P. G. M.
W.: Dr. O. L. Gordon as G. G., L. Morri
son, G. F. ; B. Sherman, G. O. ; W. F.
Hanson. G. R. ; F. Clayton, grand record
er; F. Swanton, G. I. W., and F. Stahl
man, G. O. W., Installed the other offi
cers. The deputy grand master delivered
an interesting address and complimented
the new deputy on the work he had ac
complished, after which Dr. Gordon de
llv.ered an eloquent and well prepared ad
THE BOOK OF THE WEEK
much pleased with It "You needn't read
'Barry Lyndon,' you won't like it," he
said to his daughter when she was a
girl. She adds, sagaciously, "indeed It is
scarcely a book to like," but the.n f v ••.
giK»s on to describe it as a book "*.' ad
mire and to wonder at for its consum
mate power and mastery." The words ex
actly characterize this masterpiece.
Thackeray never produced a more homo
geneous, more closely knit bonk than
"Barry Lyndon." The vitality of the
work Is tremendous, never slackening,
but preserving flawlessly all the airs
and colors of actual life. Yet Thackeray
wrote of it as follows: "In these days
got through the fag end of chapter IV
of 'Barry Lyndon' with a great deal of
dullness, unwillingness and labour. • ♦
• Passed the whole of these days • • •
reading for 'Barry Lyndon," and writing,
with extreme difficulty, a sheet. • • •
At home all day drawing and dawdling
with 'B. L.' lying like a nightmare on
my mind. • • • Wrote 'Barry' but
slowly and with great difficulty. • • •
Finished 'Barry' after great throes late
at night." Thackeray went traveling
with the book "hanging round his neck,"
yet It remains one of the most spontane
ous things in English literature, a book
without the smallest trace of effort. Mrs.
Ritchie notes, by the way, that the story
of Barry Lyndon's marriage was evident
ly taken from more or less historical
sources, "The Family of Bowes" dates
from the Conquest, and we read that one
of the ladies Strathmore was the sole
heiress of this wealthy line. She was
left a widow before she was 30. and had
many suitors, for she was charming as
well "as rich. This unfortunate lady was
bullied Into a marriage with a brutal ad
venturer, from whom she finally escaped
by flight, barely saving her life. The
story of her eldest son. who disappeared,
and only camo back after many years, is
iot less true. My father had a friend at
Paris In those days, a Mr. Bowes, who
dress on the order, and Santa Cruz Lodge
in particular, showing Its remarkable
growth through the efforts of its officers.
He followed r>y presenting to the new
deputy a beautiful badge, expressive of
the members' appreciation of his work.
The evening closed with a dance.
The following officers of Prosperity
Lodge have been Installed by Deputy
BlacV-man, who was assisted by Past
Master Joy: W. H. Daniels. P. M. W>;
F. E. Wilson, M. W.; A. D. Hawley, F.;
F. C. Miller. O. ; R. H. McPherson, R.
(third term); M. Marcus, financial secre
tary; J. G. North, recording secretary;
E. E. Anderson. G. ; O. N. Yeakle, L \V.;
G. W. Riding. O. W. After the ceremony
there was tne presentation of an em
blematic ring to the retiring master and
a programme of entertainment.
Yerba Buena Lodge, on the evening of
the 22d lnst., gave a fine entertainment
and ball to Its friends in Shlels' Hall.
The hall wae crowded to its limit by
ladies and gentlemen, and the affair was
one of the most interesting ever got
up by the lodge. R. E. Summers, as
chairman of the evening, introduced W.
H. Barnes, who delivered a very inter
esting address, and he then presented the
following named who contributed to the
entertainment: T. Mahan. Miss Halnes,
A. Zamitt, H. C. Larsen, Henry Newman,
Zach Whitten and Miss Logan. Dancing
was kept up until midnight.
The twelfth installation party of Alta
Lodge In Mangels Hall was a great suc
cess, for the entertainment provided was
a choice one, the attendance was good
and the enjoyment was real. It Is not
often that there has been a happier lot
of people In that hall than was there by
Invitation of Alta Lodge.
This afternoon there will be a. meeting
in Shlels' Hall of one delegate from each
of the thirty-two local lodges to make
arrangements for a grand public meet
ing, to be given In one of the large nails
of the city In the near future.
Eureka Valley Lodge has had the fol
lowing named Installed as its officers for
the current term: J. T. Kidd. P. M. \V. ;
H. Schreiber, M. W.; T. L. Tounln, F.;
W. Adams. O.; W. J. Cuthbertson. R. ;
F. Klmball, F.; J. D. Setmers, Re<\ ;
John Bahrd. G.; Charles Fleischer. I. W.;
John Fies, O. W. The ceremony was fol
lowed by .an entertainment that was
greatly enjoyed by the membership.
The following officers of Burns Lodge
were installed last week: Fred Huls
mann, P. M. W.; Walter Engle, M. W.;
N. S. Falrweather, F. ; A. E. Thomson,
O. ; Gus Pohlman, R. (nineteenth year);
A. J. Falrweather, F.; C. E. Thomson,
Rec; C. M. Edwards, guide; F. Stohr I.
W.; J. Murphy, O. W.; J. Wurck, trus
tee. After the installation refreshments
were served and there was a general good
time. The retiring master workman w.»s«
presented a fine gold chain and locket by
the lodge, the presentation being by Dr.
W. C. Hassler. Then followed an enter
tainment by Gus Pohlman, Dr. E. A.
Wemple, C. Thomson and Dr. Hassler.
THE NATIVE SONS.
California Parlor has changed its night
of meeting from Wednesday to Thursday.
Dixon Parlor is making arrangements
for a grand celebration on the 9th of Sep
tember. All the members and the people
of the town are alive to the occasion.
Commodore Sloat PRrlor Ik progressing
well, and at its last held meeting Initiat
ed four candidates. Admisssion day cel
ebration for Humboldt County will be
celebrated by the Natlv« Sons at Blue
Lakes.
There are prospects for a new parlor at
Auburn.
Grand Secretary Lundstedt has received
a very complimentary letter of thanks
from E. D. White of Portland, Or., for
his assistance in the matter of organizing
the Native Sons of the State of Oregon.
The Natives of that State have organized
what they call the "Grand Cabin of the
Native Sons of Oregon." and that body
will organize smbordlnate cabins. J. C.
Leasure is the grand president and Eu
gene D. White the grand secretary.
Deputy Grand President C. A. Bolder
mann will install the officers of Las Posi
tas Parlor of Livermoro. A. W. Fellder,
grand outside sentinel, is a member or
this parlor. The other members are ac
tive and take a great interest in the wel
fare of the parlor.
The following named, W. H. Stanlels,
414 Mason street; S. Dlxon, 5 Montgomery,
and H. F. Horton, 6 Spring street, have
been appointed the employment commit
tee for district No. 1, which includes San
Francisco, Alameda, Contra Costa, Santa
Clara, San Mated. Ban Benito, Santa
Cruz. Monterey. San Lyls Obispo. Marln,
Sonoma, Lake, Mendoclno, Humboldt and
Del Norte counties, with headuarters in
San Francisco.
A. J. Johnston, C. N. Post and C. E.
Hollipter are tho committee for the sec
ond district. In which aro Sacramento,
San Joanuln, Merced. Tulare. Madera,
Kings, Marlpoea, Tuolumno, Calaveras,
Alpine, Inyo. Mono, Modoc, Amador. El
Dorado. Placer, Nevada, Plumaa, Lassen,
Sierra, Slsklyou. Trinity. Snasta. Butter,
Yuba. Butte, Tolo, Solano and Napa
counties, with Sacramento as headquar
ters.
D. W. Edelman. Milton Glass and W. J.
Varlel are the committee for district No.
3. which embraoep Kern. Santa Barbara,
Ventura, Los Angeles, Orange. Riverside.
Ran Bernardino and Ban Diego, with
headquarters at Los Angeles.
THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
At the installation of the officers of Las
Lomas Parlor in Mission Parlor Hall last
Monday those members of, the order who
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1898.
TOE .MEMOIRS OF BJIRRY LY.NDO.N. ESQ.
Written by Himself; The Fitzboodle Papers; Catherine, A Story; Men's Wives, Etc.
BY WILLIAM MAKEPEACE THACKERAY.
may -have' first told him this history, of
which the details are almost incredible,
as quoted from the papers of the time."
Among her reminiscences of this period
Mrs. Ritchie has a vague vision < of iier
godmother,' Mrs. Sterling, the wife of the
famous John Sterling of the Times; Jiving
her a pair of red shuts: "I sat on. the
floor and gazed at them in admiration.
This taste may have been Inherited, for
there was a story my father used to '.ell
us of his own early youth and of nls.nas>
slonate longing for a pair : of Hessian
boots, which he ordered home, and which
were sternly sent back to the shop, as un
befitting a schoolboy. It was a dreadful
moment, and one which he said ne could
never forget. Does any one over forget
these early mortifications?
"Boots must have been of much nir>>©
vital Importance in the beginning of the
century than they are now. 1 see in a note
to 'The Life of Cardinal Manning,' who
was four years older than my father, that
at Harrow Mr. George Richmond de
scribes Manning an 'a buck of the first
water.' and says that among other adorn
ments he sported Hessian boots with tas
sels.
"The history of 'Stubbs and the Fatal
Boots' may have had some .ink with those
Hessians *of my father's dreams. The
story wat; written in tne year 1839, and
was published in Cruikshank's Comic An
nual for IS4O.
" 'Catherine was also written in 1839.
The story appeared in Frazer's Magazine. \
'It was written in Imitation of the bom
bastic fictions of the day,' says a/later
editor."
A taste for highwaymen was the fash
ion then. just as a taste for the new, wo
man and neurotics has been popular of
late. The story of the wicked Catherine
is one of the grimmest of all Thackeray' 3
stories, but he still, perhaps, retained the
prejudice that crime is grim. .
The story made its mark. "The judges
stnnd up for me," writes Thackeray to his
mother "Carlyle says it is wonderful,
and many more laud It highly, but it Is a
disgusting subject and no mistake. I
wish I had taken a pleasanter one."
In another letter he returns to the sub
ject: "It Is very Ingenious In you to find
beauties In 'Catherine,' which was a mis
take all through. It was not made dis
gusting enough— that was the fact, and
the triumph of it would have been to
make readers so horribly horrified as to
cause them to give up or rather throw up
the book and all its kind; whereas you see
the author had a sneaking kindness for ,
his heroine, and did not like to make her
quite worthless." ■
There is a pleasant picture of Thack
eray at work, with his wife and daugta
were present with the many friends who
had assembled to witness the ceremony,
made a discovery, and that was tha.t the
installing officer, Mrs. Emma Thierbach,
the district deputy, a member of La Es
trella Parlor, is one of those retiring
Native Daughters who Is possessed of ex
traordinary ability, but who has allowed
her talent to remain dormant. Her de
livery of the memorized work without
book was with a naturalness and lm
pressiveness that wan exceedingly pleas-
Ing, and It created a most favorable Im
pression, not only on the onlookers, but
on the officers before her, several of them
having been installed on previous occa
sions. The ceremony of this order when
well done ie beautiful, and Mrs. Thier
bach uoes It well. The new officers are:
Mr* Grady, P. P.: Miss Emma McAllis
ter, P.; Miss Hattie dimple. Mrs. J. H.
Burrington and Miss Blanch Conlln, V.
P.'b; Mlsb May Lay ton. ML; Mrs. Emma
Schofleld, R. 8.; Miss Emm* Brieling. F.
8.; Mrs. Mary Waters. T.: Airs. Driscoll.
I. S.; Mrs. May Edwards. O. S. ; Bda
Haller, Annie Heißel and Helen Lenhardt,
trustees. The installing officer was as
sisted by Mrs. Lena Bee Mills, grand
marshal, and Mrs. A. Aigeltlnger. The
hall In which the ceremony was held was
tastefully decorated with evergreens and
flowers sent from Bryon's, and the ladies
gave evidence of their patriotism by a
liberal display of American colors In ad
dition to the beautiful silk flag of the.
parlor. During the evening Mrs. H. Lewis
sang the "Star Spangled Banner." the
entire audience standing the while. Her
effort was loudly applauded. A dance
and refreshments followed the installa-
tlon.
La Estrella Parlor will give an at home
on the evening of August 13.
The following officers of Fremont Parlor
were installed by Mrs. G. Baker, D. D. G.
P., assisted by Mrs. G. C. Ryan: Mrs. M.
Daniels. P. P.; Mrs. F. Barton. P.; R.
Versalovlch. H. Collins and A. Kerr. V.
f.'a; Mrs. M. Sanderson, R. S. ; Mrs. I.
Rlckard. F. S.; Mrs. D. Campbell. T.;
Mrs. D. Glavlnovlch. M. ; Mrs. M Golco
vlch, I. S.; L. Versalovich. O. S.; H. Col
lins, T. Ring and A. Goodwin, trustees;
Dr. M. E. Falck. physician, and Miss C.
Hltchlngß. organist. After the installa
tion, which was very dramatically con
ducted, Mrs. Baker, the installing deputy,
on behalf of the parlor, presented to Mrs.
Daniels a very fine engraving of Psyche,
beautifully framed, in token of tho appre
ciation of the deep Interest she has taken
In the parlor. During her term the names
of thirty-two were added to the roll of
membership of this parlor.
At the meeting of Golden State Parlor
on the 20th Inst. there were present sev
eral visitors, who were called upon for
remarks. Miss G. Peterson of Oakland,
after the meeting. Bang with great sweet
ness a melody of the times, "On to
Spain," wnich aroused the patriotic spirit
of the members to a hleh degree. Past
President Mips M. Tletjen was the ac
companist. At the close of the meeting
Past President H. Dehaney treated the
members to a surprise In the shape of
light refreshments.
Miss Laura J. Frakes of Amapola Par
lor, Butter Creek, who was at the last
held session of the Grand Parlor re
elected one of the grand" trustees, was re
cently given a surprise reception by the
members of her parlor. It was a most
enjoyable affair, and during the evening
there was a programme of the patriotic
order and the hall was decorated In the
national colors. Then followed a colla
tion. Miss Frakes is an earnest worker
for the order and a general favorite.
The' officers of Ursula Parlor were in
stalled on the 17th by Deputy Miss Mir
garet Brady. Tho officers of Excel -<lor
Parlor, N. 8. G. W., were installed at the
same time and the Joint installation
proved a very pleasant affair.
The Bame deputy on the night of the
22d Installed the officers of Amapola Par
lor. The work of the deputy and her as
sistants was all that could be desired.
Not only was the work of the installing
( nVor perfect, but that of the incoming
officers wan also perfect. Miss L. J.
Frakes, O. T., who is the president of the
parlor, read the social report, an account
of the social proceedings of the recent
Grand Parlor, which proved to be an in
teresting document. The report praised
ibe work of the grand board of relief.
Mrs. Adelle Llthgow, the retiring presi
dent of the parlor, was presented a hand
some gold pin, after which there was a
programme and ice cream.
Mlbs Brady installed the officers of Con
rad Parlor at Volcano last week, being
assisted by Laura J. Frakes, O. T. ; May
M Randolph, P. P., and Anna Nixon,
P. P.
Bi Pescadero Parlor will on the 10th of
August celebrate Its fourth anniversary
by a picnic.
Grand Secretary Mrs. Ryan ha? sent
out all the new rituals and odes.
Grand President Mrs. Lena H. M"ls
will be in this city within the next ten
days, and then she will visit Sierra City.
CHOPPERS' FRIENDSHIP CLUB
Lest Monday • night the Cnoppers*
Friendship Club, organized as an auxil
iary of the parent order to care for those
of Its members who may be taken sick,
gave an entertainment In the camp of
Golden Gate No. 64 in the presence of a
larga number of "neighbors," as mem
bers of the order are called. The club
waa accompanied by many members of
Tamalpats Camp and Its braes band,
which during the evening furnished
excellent music. George J. Strong,
a most active fraternal man, was
chairman of the evening and he did nnt
allow the company present to weary be
tween numbers. The programme includ
ed a piano solo. Professor Gutman; xylo
phone duet, Messrs. Drlßcoll and Reagle:
vocal solos by Messrs. Desmond, Tlsk
ter Interrupting him. "Almost the first
time 1 can remember my parents," says
IVirs. Ritchie, "was at home in Great
Coram street, on one occasion, when my
mother took me upon her back, as she
had a way of doing, and. after hesitating
for a moment at the door, carried me
into a little ground floor room, where
some one sat bending over a desk. This
some one lifted up his head and looked
round at the people leaning over his
chair. He seenied pleased, smiled at uf,
but renionstrale<l." Again, he Is shown
picking up his little daughter from the
midst of her dancing with other children
before the organ of an Itinerant grinder;
and once, too, on the way to Pnris, when
the child Insisted upon crying after he
had warned her that she would be pun
ished if she kept it up, he put out their
lantern and refused to light It In spite
of her tears. They are all trivial de
tails, but they appeal to the lover of
Thackeray. Fitz Gerald, "dear old Fitz."
figures in this Introduction, as in its pre
decessors. "I have almost left off going
to operas and theaters, an<l corr.e homo
early, when Fitz Gerald and I have a
nlpe together, nnd so go quietly to bed.
Tt Is delightful to have him In the house,
but I'm afraid his society makes me idle,
we sit and talk too much about books and
pictures and smoke too many cigars."
One of Fitz Gerald's letters is printed.
BARRY LYNDON— By William Makepeace
Thackeray. Harper & Bro?., publisher*. For
sale br William Robertson; price $C 50.
BOOK NOTES.
BY THE AT'RELIAN WALL, AND
OTHER ELEGIES— By Bliss Carman.
A new book of poems by Bliss Carman
Is a literary event which appeals not
only to the love of beauty, but the love
of novelty as well. Each of his poems is
pitched In a key of its own, and its har
monies are as sure to please as its mo
tils are to surprise. The most conspicu
ous and attractive characteristic of Bliss
Carman's verse is his disregard of hack
neyed conventionality, combined with
vitality and ability to construct lines
metrically flawless, thereby possessing
the rare attribute of reaching the hearts
of the most prosaic readers. Those who
have read "Behind the Arras," "Low
ner, Patterson and others; remarks by A.
J. Weinart; solo on bells by Mr. Miller,
accompanied by the Silver orchestra; ad
drpss by George K. Rogers, general or
ganizer;' recitations by Messrs. Jennings
and Rrackett; guitar solo. Professor F.
Mrngher: specialties by John Holland. and
funny stories by Daniel Kemp. There
were, in addition, many volunteers, who
helped to keep up the fun until midnight.
When Chairman Strong is in tho humor
he can arrange a most entertaining af
fair. He must have been in the. humor
last Monday.
B'NE B'RITH.
The financial statement of the order for
the first six months of the year has been
sent out by Grand Secretary Asehheim.
It shows that the receipts were $-17,713
and the disbursements $46,3t& Of the lat
ter amount $20,000 was on account of ben
eficiary claims for 1597 and a like amount
for beneficiary claims for the current
year.
Ophlr Lodge will celebrate its forty
third anniversary by a banquet on the
ISth of August.
The grand president will officially visit
MARVELOUS ELECTRIC LIGHT EFFECTS.
THE SHARP BROTHERS IN THEIR NEW ELECTRIC FIRE ACT.
After seven years of almost constant work Frank H. Sharp .and his
brother, W. E. Sharp, have produced some wonderful effects in what they
call an "electric fire" act. They have not yet made their appearance be
fore the public, but are almost ready to do so. At present they are prac
ticing in a deep cellar on the corner o' Third and Howard streets.
And what a wonderful place this cellar is during rehearsals.
Before they begin the large cavern is in semi-darkness. The whiz
zing of some sort of electric machine can be heard in the distance.
Dressed In the classic costumes that are supposed to be worn by the In
habitants of the infernal region, the two brothers suddenly step from be
hind two tall stands and advance a few steps. Each, carries a queer look
ing lamp that shows not the faintest sign of light. But the moment each
touches his lamp to the other's both suddenly burst into flame.
Then commence all sorts of queer demoniacal goings on. Wherever the
finger of one touches the body of the other there is a pyrotechnic display.
In an innocent manner one touches the lips of the other. In an in
stant a wave of flame rolls out of his mouth and roars wildly. There are
dozens of other tricks of equal strangeness, and it would seem as if the
demon of fire lurked somewhere In the depths of the cellar, ready at a mo
ment's notice to change the air into flame. Fire seems to come out of
the darkness at will. One moment there is nothing but an Inky vault
with two figures moving mysteriously about. In an Instant th«re is fire
everywhere and the strange thing is the actors do not get burned.
About the prettiest and weirdest act these two young men produce is
causing the glow of a vacuum tube merely by contact with one another's
body. When one of these tubes is held by the end in the hand of one of
the boys it Is an ordinary looking glass tube. But let the other touch It
and at once it seems to spring into life. From one end to the other is
an iridescent glow, beautiful to behold. The instant one lets go all Is
darkness.
Tide on Grand Pre," and "Ballads of Lost
Haven," will welcome the appearance of
his latest volume of verse, whereby the
names of such as Robert Louis Stevenson,
Phillips Brooks. Henry George and others
equally distinguished throughout the
world will be perpetuated in elegies com
posed with all the virile charm and force
which have been evident in the author's
previous work. Lamson, Wolffe & Co.,
Boston, publishers. Price, $1.
THE MODERN READER'S BIBLE-
Edited by R. G. Moulton, M.A., Ph.D. Uni
versity of <_a<eago. This series of works
from the saored scriptures is simply plac
ing the writings in modern literary form.
It is a neat, compact pocket edition of
two volumes. Volume 1 contains the
gospel of St. Luke, the Acts, i to vti; the
epistle to the Thessaloniuns, and Gnla
tinns, with notes and syllabus. Volume 2
contains the Acts from section vli the
epistles to the Corinthians, Philipplans
to Timothy and Titus, with notes and
syllabus. The notes and syllabus make
clear many references that are obscure.
Macmhlan & Co., New lork, publishers.
A ROMANCE OF SUMMER SEA&-By
\ anna Anne Jefferson Davis, is a love
st>>ry, told by an American traveler in the
smoking room of a country Mouse. The
scene of the tale changes from the P. and
O. steamer Sultana, in Eastern waters, to
Hongkong and Yokohama. The gossips
of the Sultana's deck couple unpleasantly
the names of Malcolm Ralstone and Mi
nerva Primrose, who come aboard the
ship at Penang. Ralstone is a young
Englishman who has charitably consent
ed to act as traveling companion for Miss
Primrose, being an old and intimate
friend of the girls father and herself.
Upon this unconventional association the
worst possible construction is placed by
niost of the other passengers, and espe
cially by Colonel Goodloe F. Guthrie, a
rough American diamond from the great
West. Owing to the malicious machina
tions of a certain Chubbs, a quarrel con
cerning the honor of the heroine is precip
itated between Guthrie and Ralstone,
which results in a challenge for a duel.
At Hongkong, however, Ralstone is
strlokf-n with fever and the duel is pre
vented. Chubbs. however, acting as
Guthrie's second, posts Ralstone as a
coward in the Travelers' Club. Bush, the
American globe-trotter, who tells the
story, succeeds in provoking guthrie to a
duel in Yokohama, thus preventing the
necessity of Ralstone fighting him, ihe
hefo having by this time become duly be
trothed to the girlish heroine. Chubbs
turns out to be an embezzier of the silk
Golden Gate Lodge on the 10th of Au
gust.
A youths' auxiliary lodge, to be known
as De Htrsch, will be instituted to-mor
row with flfty-flve charter members In
B'ne B'rith Hall.
The officers of Ruth Lodge of the
Daughters of Juda will be installed on
the 24th of August and at that time the
lodge will lie presented with its charter
and its ritual, prepared by Rev. J. Nieto,
assisted by Grand Secretary Asehheim.
In the city of Portland, Or., there has
been established what is called a "B. B.
Sabbath cvo," for the purpose of ex
pounding the work of the order. The first
meeting, recently held, was well attended.
Many of the members of Nevada Lodge
of Virginia City, having moved to this
city, it is probable that the membership
of that lodge will be consolidated with
Occidental Lodge of this city.
COMPANIONS OF THE F. OF A.*
By the fire in K>rn City recently, the
hall In which Juanltu Circle held its meet
ings was destroyed by fire. While the
fire was ragjng In the building the grand
left guide. Mrs. J. W. Shaffer, rushed into
the meeting room and secured all the
BATTLE OF JENA.
From an Oiginel Drawing by William Makepeace Thackeray in "Barry Lyndon."
house by which he is employed, the un
derlying good qualities of the American
colonel come finally to the surface, and
the novel ends happily with the wedding
of Ralstone to Minerva.
The book contains many realistic de
scriptions of travel, and the life on the
P and O. steamer affords opportunity for
character drawings. Harper & rotners,
rubiishers. For sale by William Robert
son. Price $1 25.
THE HUNDRED AND OTHER STO
RIES—By Gertrude Hall. A pleasing
collection of bright narratives well worth
reading. Harper & Brothers, publishers.
FARM BALLADS— By Will Carleton.
This 1b a new edition of Carleton'R poems
published by Harper & Brothers. It has
been thoroughly revised and is profuse
ly illustrated.
IN THE SARGASSO SEA— A novel, by
Thomas A. Janvier. This is an Interest
ing narrative of a young engineer on his
way In a Balling vessel from New YorK
to Africa. It so happens that he is thrown
overboard in a fight with the skipper. The
steamer which subsequently rescues him
is wrecked on the edge of the Sargasso
Sea all hands excent the young castaway
escaping in boats. The ship does not sink,
but floats into the Jetsam of the Sargasso
Sea where it becomes one of a thousand
in that ocean graveyard. The hero of the
tale wandere from ship to ship, and soon
loses himself among craft that were built
hundreds of years ago, and are still afloat
In the Sargasso tangle. The story of his
wanderings through the ocean graveyard
is full of adventure and of almost ghostly
incident. Harper & Bros., publishers.
THE LOVE THAT WINS— By Mary
Angela Dickens. Rand, McNally & Co.
books and paraphernalia of the circle
with the exception of the chief compan
ion's badge. That had not been put in
Its proper place and was lost. Mrs. Shaf
fer displayed a great deal of thoughtful
ness and no little amount of bravery and
courage in exposing herself in the Inter
est of the circle. For that she is entitled
to praise, not only from her circle, but
from the E. C. The circle is holding its
sessions in the school house until the de
stroyed hall, which was owned by the
Druids, can be rebuilt. ■
The first meeting of the Eleventh Exec
utive Council will be held on the even-
Ing of Tuesday, August 2.
Last week the officers of Golden Era
; Circle were installed by Grand Sub-chicf i
| Airs. Flora Jacobs, with the assistance
of the modest member of Inter Nos Cir
cle, who acted as grand marshal, and It<
is almost needless to say that the work,
was well done. After the ceremony there
was a pleasant evening of interesting*
tfl-JK. . .' ■ ■ . . ' ■; . . ■ %.'-;.« -,-< ■ t
Last Monday night Inter Nos Circle,
had an election and work in initiation.'
which- was, considering the fact that it<
was the first performed by the new local/
officers, given in a very satisfactory man-
Loyal Circle of Oakland had Quite at
large ; meeting last Monday night, and)
there were present a goodly number of*
bay S r the clrcles on this side of the <
, . '-.: ■'
THE PAST CHIEFS, C. F. OF A. <
At the meeting of the Past Chiefs' As-<
sociatlon of the Companions of the Forest*
of America, held last Monday night, the,
following officers were elected for the en-*
suing, term: Mrs. L. Atwood, president;*
Mrs. E. W. Haughy, vice-president: Miss<
Rose Reynolds, secretary; Mrs. C.v:. L.<
Miller, treasurer, and Mrs. C. Tucker,^
guardian. The members of this aßsocla-|.
tlon can do much in the matter of ex-i
tending the • order, but there \ are many**
who are neglectful of the work they canC
do, consequently there is not so much<
work done as there ought to be. The rs-#
sociatlon will give' an invitation party and*
entertainment in the Alcazar social hallC
on the last Monday In August : for ther
£ UI T 00/0 0 / arousing the interest of the;
Past Chiefs. , On Monday night there were*
a number of addresses, and after thef
meeting refreshments , were served. J
DAUGHTERS OF ST. GEORGE. •
Last week , the ladles of Britannia
Lodge, Daughters of St. George gave
a luncheon to the First Tennessee
Regiment band and to a number of Kan
sas Volunteers. There were four long ta
bles loaded down with good, wholesome
food and excellent coffee, not black, but
f2i7 £ ?T th mllk -' The " feast was greatly
relished by the boys in blue. Mr. Pope of
the Sons of St. Cleorge delivered a stir
ring address. Mr. Muhlner sang - the"
Star-spangled Banner" and all joined in
the chorus, and a quartet of the Tennes-
S?^,™ *. 1 ? sang " J "st Before the Battle
Mother in a manner that affected to
tears^many of the mothers present. At
the close of the entertainment the boys
in blue gave throe cheers for the ladles
of the lodge, three more for Mr. Pope
and then returned to camp with pleasant
memories or what ladies of English birth,
with patriotic American ideas, can do In
the way of showing love of adopted coun
■vMesdames E. ■ Witts. A. Brierley. R.
Hewitt E. J. Williams, G. Muhlner and
b. Clack, the committee of arrangements
have concluded all arrangements for the
entertainment i that will be given by the
Daughters and " ; Sons of St. George on
Wednesday, August J 10, in Union Square
Hall in aid of the Red Cross Society, The
band of the First Tennessee Regiment
will furnish the music. for the evening.
• AMEHICAN GUILD.
At the meeting of San Francisco Chap
ter of the American Guild last Wednes
day two candidates were elected and
there was work in the initiatory degree.
T..ere was some talk about getting: up
a 1 high Jinks some time in October or No
vember, but no definite action was taken.
Deputy Supreme ■; Governor McGarvie
was in Watsonville last week, and he inl
tiated four candidates for the chapter
ANCIENT. ORDER OF FORESTERS. .
Court Lincoln has set aside > the last
Thursday iln each ~ month .' for a social
night. At the last held meeting th« court
received two applications. . ■
_; The high chief . ranger, and •■ Permanent
Secretary, : Falconer visited- Court To
males last week, and : were after the work
entertained at a banquet.
■>< Mrs. Hall, v who was killed; by the pow
der explosion at Melrose, was the mother
of J. B. Hall, recording secretary of Court
Eureka of this city, s- •:
v The High Court of the World will meet
in Chester, England, on August 1. "
A meeting of all the officers elect In this
city l has * been cabled rby - the high chief
ranger for, the Ist of August | for the pur
pose of receiving instructions. ■;
The entertainment and dance that was
given ; by. Court Apollo : in Foresters' Hall
on X the ■ evening of the 20th inst. was . a
very successful I affair. It was r attended
by a large ■ number of the friends of the
court and the ; programme that , was . pre
sented was ■ one ' of ■ the • most . : enjoyable
character. . The committee of arrange
ments * ; did ', all :in their -power to please
and In that it succeeded. :
A new court ; has been organised at Los
Angeles. ■ .. v. •..■ . ■: .•.-■.-:. '.
Last Wednesday night High Chief Ran
ger Boehm • visited Courts Ivanhoe and
Oak ; Grove *in • this > city. - .: On Friday he
visited. Court • Mount ; Rose ' at ■ Reno, Nev. 1
| To-morrow* night > l all the officers of
A WAS AN ALDERMAN ROSY AND
FAT.
B WAS A BEADLE THAT WORE A
COCKED HAT.
RUSTIC WHISTLING.
: rom Olginal Drawings by William Makepeace ThaqW
er»y, in Barry Lyndon.
courts in this city will meet in Foresters'
Hall, 'when the high chief ranger will ex
emplify the unwritten work.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
On the evening of the 18th inst. officers
of Loyal Circle were installed by the su
preme grand chief companion, Mrs.Bever
sen. Grand Supreme Sub-Chief Compan
ion Mrs. Cervelli. Supreme Treasurer Mrs.
Bennett. Supreme Grand Secretary Mrs.
F. N. Morrow and Supreme Left Guide
Mrs. McNorton. and at the close of tha
ceremony there was a pleasing pro
gramme, and refreshments.
On the 20th the grand officers installed
the officers of Ivanhoe Circle, with the
usual impressive ceremonies.
On the 21st there was formed in Pied
mont Circle the nucleus for a new circle
to be Instituted in Oakland. Thirty-two
applicants have already been secured,
and It is expected that by the time the
circle will be instituted there will be not
less than fifty. It will be known as Knar
esborough.
On the 22d. Fred Zimmerman, president
of the board of deputies, and Supremo
Grand Secretary Mrs. Morrow installed
the officers of Franklin Circle. -^
Last Monday the supreme grand treas
urer, supreme grand secretary, supreme
left guide, the president of the board of
deputies nnd Mrs. Goodwin and Mrs
Cumminc-s installed the officers of Maz
zini Circle, in Washington-square Hall
in the presence of a large number of the
members of the order. The installation
service was followed by a programme of
music and literature, and then a dance.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
The grand chancellor contemplates vis
iting the lodges or Siskiyou, Tehama and
Shasta during the early part of August
A new lodge has been instituted ;-;
Summerland. Santa Barbara Couiltv with
twenty-three charter members \V 11
Smith is C. C. and Byron Preston X of
H. and S.
All the lodges in the order are at this
time doing a little work on the line of
extension. Sequoia Lo.dge at its last held
meeting Initiated three candidates
RATHBONE SISTERS.
The first public installation of the of
ficers of a temple of the Rathbone Sis
ters. K. of P., was held last week, when
the following officers of San Francisco
Temple No. 11 were installed in the pres
ence of a large number of interested
spectators by District Chief Mrs. B.
Schofleld: Mrs. S. P. Daggett, M. E. C.
Mlsb Ida Creedy, E. Sr.; Miss May
Dunn E. Jr.; Mrs. Hifken, M.; Mrs. B,
Schofleld, M. of R. and C; Mrs. Ada Mai
ffutre, M. of F.; Mrs. G. W. Montoith. I'l
Mrs. G. Terry, G. of T.; Mrs. Brooks, If
C. The ceremony, which is very imprew
sive, was well carried out and very t3
vorably commented upon by those com
petent to judge. After the installation W
will J. Beatty. oh behalf of the tenir'-a^r
presented Mrs. Brooks, the retiring chief,
a handsome emblematic pin. Then fol
lowed a short programme of entertain
ment and dancing in the very tastefully
decorated halLTHE STAGE
THERE are some peculiarities In
the world of music and drama
that would have puzzled old Ho
ratio had he encountered them,
for Id our philosophy they are not ac
-
connection it may be asked:
: that so-many of the famous
nd actresses of the passing
i who have not only won
md love and admiration, bat
the good, hard money of the play
- people, have either been ruth
. thrown from their proud pedes
ited to the storage room
uture reference, like a piece of
furniture that has outlived its useful-
If there is any solution of the prob
lt may be found in the word fickle
. Must assuredly it cannot be said
that they have been succeeded by their
peers, or that it is a plain matter of the
survival of the fittest — for in the case
6f many of the great artists there is
not only no one to Bucceed them, but
few whose work gives evidence of the
. of the special qualities that
even promise greatness.
It may be that the creation of these
Th>-.spian geniuses is governed by the
law of cycles, .as it appears to be in
that of tlit.- masters of literature, music
and painting; and if one indulges in
retrospection such a theory can well be
entertained.
Take, for instance, the magnificent
perfection of the genius of the elder
Booth. Can there be found among
the whole Anglo-Saxon race one
upon whose Bhouldera his splen
did mantle should justly fall?
It is nui for a Frederick Warde
or a Robert Downing, and with
the latter name the list is exhausted.
g aftetd there is not observable on
:.ice of this "progressive" old earth
a Keane, a Sheridan, a Moliere, an
other RiStOTi, Salvinl or Rossi. Refer
ring to Italian dramatic art, who has
been put forward as th" best represen
tative of the once rich fountain of the
Italian drama? Duse, a pigmy who
might have served well as a walking
lady to the grand artists whose names
Have been mentioned.
.in, where is. our acceptable sub
stitutes for Joe Jefferson. Florence.
. --i-ii. Mrs. Siddons? In the lang
uage of a local statesman "they have
r ame," and there Is no indica
that the: have started on their ca-
I ■
The musical world fares some bet
!!• i Jenny
Lind, a Patti, a La Blache, a Liszt, a
I >ndelssohn.
a Mozart; but in their places are a
. . .....van, a degenerate
Btra .. D< i\<- ■ Souaa? who
;.. h ... catchy quicksteps.
• ib deplorable and
lii itic world of the present
further matters in lino
with ject thut make food for
' speculation. The most
emr - of the times, who have
!" • ' ";• public a generation or
. must soon retire and become
' ions only.
Will some one, therefore, blessed
wit!: second Bight, toll where can be
found th«.- ri-htful heirs to their abili
ties? To Sir Henry Jiving. Sarah
hardt, Ellen Terry, Mrs. Kendall,
my Da venpprt and others.
Wfc U g for the answer that
will not come, it may well be remarked
that these Inheritors are not on the
■" ■ • to-day, and worse still, the
r< st< r Of minor celebrities who were
once public Ijlols is growing rapidly and
painfully less. We have practically
bidden adieu to such erstwhile prime
fav< 'lara Morris. Rose Cogh-
X Kate Claxton, Sadie Martinot,
■Nffirif' Jansen, Grace Henderson, Otis
Wkinner, Louis James, J. H. Stoddard
j.nd others, who are either struggling
on a i - "haa Im-.'ds" or are tempting fate
— In vaudeville — taking the step that
Tvflnally leads the legitimate actor to ob-
Uvlon,
In reply to the foregoing it might, |
with «ortip degree of reason be said, I
that amusement seekers of to-day have
developed a new, a degenerated taste I
that does not demand the high stand- I
ard of the past, either as to plays or
players; that from a Booth, a Slddons,
a Xielson they have descended to the
point where they are content with what
they receive from such artists, say, as
De Wolf Hopper, Francis Wilson. Ada
Rehan and Lillian RttpseU; that the
great tragedies and comedies, the stir
ring, thunderous melodramas have per
force given way to the roaring horse
play farce, the frothy society drama,
strung on a string made of up-to-date
love-making, and usually the peccadil
1 lues of a woman of jelly-!ish composi
tion; the spectacular machine play,
hybrid drama and vaudeville.
To a considerable extent this is true
and the logical quiries arise: What are
you going to do about it? What will
come next with the opening of the new
century? Will it bring us an era of
great authors and master minds with
the genius to interpret their works, or
will the play-worid wag along on the
down grade at the pace it has been
pursuing of late years?
Let us abide in the hope that the al
ternative will not be realized.
MORTIMER WOOD.
The Columbia.
One half of the present season of the
Frawley company at the Columbia
Theater has expired, and they have been
seen in a variety of plays in which the
' abilities of the members have been dis
• played. Their success has been quite in
! keeping with the merits of the organlza
i tion Mr. Frawley selected largely for
fcan Francisco's edification. Under the
lest of comparison It is not as capable as
its predecessor, for it does not contain
the equals of a Blanche Bates, a Gladys
Wallace or a Worthing, for the simple
reason that there are not enough of such
I to (fo around, but, notwithstanding the
i handicap of a comparison, the company
i has won a commendable position in the
I estimation of the theater-goers of this
| city. Of the leading people who have
i met with special lavor are Theodore
l Roberts, Edward M. Bell, Sam Edwards.
I Eleanor Carey, Madeleine Boutin and
; Cora Tinnie. Roberts iias maue hlnuteli
i a general lavorite by his excellent work
| in such widely different roles as the pugi-
I list in "Number y," Stockton in "Aris
tocracy," the Indian in "r'ort Frayne."
Old Todma.ii in "Liberty Hall." In the
. latter he proved himself the possessor of
| exceptional talent.
The bill for next week by the Frawley
company will be "The Masked Ball," in
which John Drew and Maud Adams had
such remarkable success. The play, which
is a translation from the French of Bis
son and Cane, had a run of 300 nights ia
New York, and met with proportionate
success in all parts of the country, in
cluding thin city. The plot turns on the
treachery of a suitor in sending his rival
to foreign lands by means of a false let
ter and thus clearing the field for his suc
cessful wooing. The fraud is discovered
too late when the yoving wife and the
former suitor meet at tfie French ball.
The complications and fun grow out of
i the methods they pursue to punish the
1 husband, the situations being highly
amusing.
The leading role, that of Dr. Paul Blon
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME
THE FHAWU.I COMPANY IN
A GALLANT SURRENDER.
BEGINNING TO-MORROW NIGHT
Eighth Week of the
X? Frawley Company
Seven Nights and Saturday Matinee
THE JOHN DREW AND MAUD ADAMS
GREAT SUCCESS
THE
MASKED
BALL
A comedy by the Author of
• ••Wilkinson's Widows."
As Played for over IM Nights In New York.
Cast Including MAY BUCKLEY. EDWARD
M BEZjL ?AM EDWARDS. ELEANOR
CAKEY. ALFRED HICKMAN. Etc
August Bth .~.>HIS ABSENT BOY."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1898.
det, will ue played by i_,dward M. Bell,
who has heretofore interpreted it with
success. Blondet. starting in to help his
partner out of a scrape by a little inju
dicious lying, is himself gradually drawn
Into the maelstrom, of circumstances and
has all he can do to keep his own head
above water. May Buckley will appear
as the Wife, the part which Maud Adams
portrayed. The remainder of the cast will
be selected to give a well balanced and
delightful produeti'>:i.
For the week beginning August 8 the
Frawley company will appear in E. H.
Sothern's great romantic drama. "An
Enemy to \h>- King." This beautiful ro
mance of the gallant days of France was
ten by K. N. Stephens, and has
roved a brilliant successor to the former
Lyceum romance, "The rrißoner of
Zenda." "An Enemy to the King" calls
for a very elaborate staging and Frawley
promises to go to extremes in that direc
tion.
Jhe Tivoli.
The third annual season of errand opera
at the Tivoli will begin to-morrow even
ing: with a splend.il presentation of Ver
di's masterpiece, "Alda," whiGh will also
be repeated Wednesday, Friday and Sat
urday evenings. This work will Introduce
to us: Frl. Marie Brandis in the title
role; Mary Linck as Amneris, the haughty
Princess; the distinguished barytone,
Maurice de Vries, as Amonaaro. the Ethi
opian King; Sig. Wanrell as Ramfis, the
high priest; Rhys Thomas the young sol
dier, Radumes, and William H. West as
the King.
Special attention has beon given to the
proper mounl^ng, costuming and present
ation of tftis^famous work. Tuesday,
Thursday and Sunday evenings and at
the special Saturday matir.ee, Donizetti's
favorite lyric opera, "Lucia di Lammer
moor," will be the bill, with Anna Lich
ter as the unfortunate heroine; Sig. Ed-
Kardo Zerni. who comes direct from La
Scala, Milan, as Edgardo; William
Pruette, one of the most popular of
American barytones, as Henry Ashton,
and William Schuster, a full basso, as
Bide-the-Bent. The second week's bills
will be "FauHt" and "II Trovatore," alter
nately presented. This season of grand
opera will be the most costly and ad
vanced the Tlvoli has ever offered. Wag
ner's celebrated 'music-drama, "Lohen
grin," will be the third week's offering,
after which "La Gloconda," "La. 80-"
herac," vThe Queen of Sheba," "Pag-
Uaccl," "Cavalleria Rustic-ana " and other
kindred works will be- fdv< n. A new fea
ture of this season wilt be the Saturday
matinee, especially for ladies, out-of-tOTn
music lovers and the younger generation
of music lovers. The prices for this oc
casion will Include a reserved seat for 25
cents.
An enlarged chorus and augmented or
chestra will assist.
The /Vcazar.
For the week beginning to-morrow the
Alcazar will present a double bill of un
usual attractiveness. Mr. Morrison as
I Richelieu will be seen Monday, Tuesday,
J Wednesday and Thursday, and "Camille"
will be gjA'en, with Florence Roberts in
the title role, on Friday evening, Satur
j day matinee, and Saturday and Sunday
I evenings. , Both plays will be superbly
! mounted and appropriately costumed, ihe
! gowns worn by Miss Roberts for the occa
j sion have been especially made by the
"W^rth of America," in New York, for
the present production. The public is so
perfectly familiar with the plot and the
circumstances which surround both plays
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR THEATER
18:^^ <4 EAST LYNNE."
TO-MORROW NIGHT
STARTS THE FOURTH MONTH OF .V
Lewis Morrison
When. Will Be Presented -an Elaborate
Production of ' a . .
FRIDAY NIGHT, , SATURDAY MATINEE.
: SATURDAY AND SUNDAY NIGHTS. _
"C/\7VYILLE."
Seats Now on Sale for Entire Week. ;■:■».
Prices 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
that reiteration Is unnecessary. "Riche
lieu" affords a vast amount of material
both in scenes and action. It reviews the
life of one of the greatest statesmen that
ever voiced the policy of France. The plot
takes up his life in his junior days and
closes It just prior to his demise. The ac
tion is confined within the years that his
administration dictated the policy of the
crown and thwarted the arrogant attltu-it
of the nobility that had through feudal
privileges overridden the ruler.
"Camille," Mathilda Heron's French
adaptation, is a play dramatized from
true life. It wat rounded upon facts fa
miliar to even.- one. It illustrates what
power the magnetism of a handsome wo
man has and how base becomes its ef
fects when exercised for evil purpose's.
Both bills will receive a gorgeous
mounting and the casts which have been
judiciously made present a good and
"forcible company.
J^lorosco's.
the Grand Opera-house with the piercing
tones of the pibroch, the drone of the
bag-pipes, the clash of arms and the tur
moil of battle during next week. This
will be its first production here, after a
good reception in the East. The plot deals
with a feud between .two clans In which
there are equal parts of love, courage,
deceit, war and reconciliation, through
which the villain receives his just reward
in common with the distracted lovers.
The play is a picture of Scotch life in the
olden times and is said to possess special
attractions by reason of the beautiful
stage settings,' the odd costumes and the
strange customs shown. The fourth act
Is particularly exciting, portraying, a
desperate combat between the fierce clans
which ends, of course, in victory for the
right.
The situations are said to be highly
dramatic, the action rapid and the Scotch
accent comprehensive.- Mr. Hrophy has
a fine role, which should show him to ad
vantage. His present engagement will
end in two weeks.
Jhe Orpheum.
For the week opening to-morrow night
the Orpheum announces an exceptionally
attractive bill; the new people include
James Thornton, the well-known song
writer, author of "My Sweetheart's the !
Man in the Moon." Among the new
songs he will introduce this week Is his
latest, "When You're In Love," which
has been very successful. For a novelty
act Valoon and Anthelmine have been
imported from Paris. They are said to
be very clever in thetr line, which is
songs and dances of the "Gay Paree"
order. Joseph Hart and Carrie de Mar
have a number of new specialties to pre
sent in their clever comedy sketch, "Dr.
Chauncey's Visit." This versatile couple
have scored a great hit. The Macarte
Bisters have some additional feats on the
high wire, and Valmore, "the Instrumen
tal Man," .has new imitations to offer.
Tlie Angela Sisters will appear in a
budget of new songs. W. H. Windom
an-d the Blackstone Quartet havo now
selections for public favor. Gilbert and
Goldie will put on a new act which is
said to be quite as clever as the one which
won so much praise on their opening.
Wilton and Stack, the horizontal bar ar
tists -are still a feature. The bill with
so many clever acts will no doubt servo
to pack the house to its utmost capacity.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY (Sunday), July 31.
Parquet, any seat,' 25c; Balcony 10c; Children
10c, - any part.
WEEK COMMENCING" MONDAY, AUG. Ist.
James Thornton, ' Champion' Songster; Joseph
Hart -and Carrie De s Mar, New Songs and
Specialties: Valbon-Anthelmlne, International
Duetlsts: ; Macarte ■■ Sisters. Equipoise ' Artists;
Angela Sisters, Musical Artists; W. H. Win-
dom and Blackstone Quartette; Wilton & Stack,
Triple -Bar Wonders; • Valmore, "The Instru-
mental Man"; Gilbert & Goldle, New Sketch.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND , EVENING. :
" TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OF , THE;
JAPANESE BALANCiNG ACROBATS.
-j In Conjunction With /
A vaudeville BILL OF RARE ATTRAC-
: TlON. ■■■,.-"■■ , - ';
NEW MOVING [ PICTURES and . CANNON,
the 613-POUND SWISS.
". Ioc, * Including 1 Zoo and Theater; children. , Be;
Sundays and Holidays, 10c *■
Look Out for "CANNON In th« LION'S
- y * DEN/ iSs^SSg?.
■'■ .".-•--''.--■"■■.. - - - .«■ ■ ■ ."■■■- '>» - ■ »
as usual. Matinees Wednesday, Satur
day and Sunday;
Jhe Oivjmpia.
The Olympia Music Hall for the coming
week will have new attractions. They in
clude Demaric and Orlando, who are de
scribed as "Parisian Wonders" and de
clared to be very clever; Bell and Dalton,
who are said to be very funny Dutch
knock-about comedians; Charles and May
Stanley, another new team, who appear
in songs and dances. There appear
also Maude Rockwell, soprano; Anita La
Mont, boifbrette; the Royce Sisters, ana
others. Matinee to-day.
The Chutes.
The Japanese acrobats have proved
themselves to be one of the best attrac
tions the Chutes'' management has ever
presented, their remarkable feats and ex
tremely odd tumbling appearing to never
grow wearisome to the audiences. Herr
Cannon, the mighty 613-pound Bwiss. who
cannot get up if he lies down on his back,
is seemingly as popular as ever. He is ex
pected to perform sonr astounding acts
of valor in the Zoo at an early date. The
bill at the free theater Is changed weekly
and will be particularly strong for this
week.
. Gora Jinnies SorroW.
Cora Tinnie, the bright and popular
noubreUe of the Frawley Company, does
not, when on the stage, show any indi
cation of the fact that a giggle from the
aedience released at an inopportune mo
ment would drive her to grief and tears,
but such is the case.
Her first appearance here was in the
curtain-raiser, "Po* White Trash." her
role being that of the daughter of a
wealthy planter. The little lady had
one good line in the part and naturally
supposed she was prepared to deliver it
properly, but she nad not gauged the
acoustic properties of the theater, and
the result was on the order of a nervous
schoolmiss "saying her flrst piece." The
audience could not refrain from snicker
ing, notwithstanding the scene was a
really pathetic one.
Miss Tlnnie was almost heartbroken,
and the flowers that came to her only
made the sorrow worse. ~.-e stormed up
and down behind tne drops wringing her
hands and crying as though there was
no balm in Gilead. The little lady could
not be comforted, and finally was es
corted home, sobbing like a child, her
face buried in the armful of flowers she
carried.
On her subsequent appearance she was
received very cordially, and now thinks
that the much dreaded and critical San
Francisco audience is not such a dread
ful combination after all that ia said
of it.
SLAVED JAVARY'S FACE.
The Red-Whiskered Jer\or Who
Wanted His Picture printed.
Contrary to tradition there is once in a
decade or longer -a. good story connected
with the stage that does not find its way
Into print through the efforts of the hard
worked press agent. The present narra
tive is "wan ay thlm," and shows to what
lengths a man's personal vanity will carry
him; how the cultivation of the habit of
seeing his "picture" in the papers became
finally a mania which led to serious re
sults and even the violation of his con
tract. The artist in question is a famous
tenor, who came here first with Patti. He
is a little red-faced, red-whiskered
Frenchman, whose voice constitutes his
attraction. However, he did not believe
that his features would not charm the
ladles, and hence the trouble. He appear
ed here with the Tavary Opera Company,
and was to sing on Monday, the opening
night. Coming up from Los Angeles, the
Sunday papers were received, and to his
horror Monsieur G. discovered that his
portrait did not appear in any of the pa
pers, and he nearly went Into spasms,
tearing his warm whiskers and indulging
in choice French invective against the
hard-hearted press.
The nearer the train approached San
Francisco the madder he got, and finally
he swore by all the gods of song that he
would not sing on the opening night.
When the opera people were convinced
that he was in earnest there was a quar
rel, which terminated on the ferry. The
male songster was ultimately told in the
heat of passion that the publication of his
AMUSEMENTS.
\V altkr Mokosco, Sole Lessee aud Manager.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Main 532
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . ioc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
TO-DAY and TO-NIGHT, Last Two Times of
"THE TWO ORPHANS."
To-morrtw Night,
"OUR CALIFORNIA BOY,"
JAMES M. BROPHY
In an Elaborate Production of
BONNIE SCOTLAND
FIRST TIME IN SAN FRANCISCO.
CENTRAL PARK.
Commencing SUNDAY, July Slst, 2 P. M.
First Great HORSESHOEING Tournament.
Under Auspices Mechanios' Athletic Union,
U. S. A.
For the Championship of the World and Cash
Prizes.
First Heats— JAMES O'ROURKE VS. H. GER-
LACH. THOMAS TIERNEY VS. FRANK
O'ROURKE.
Also first public exhibition of STANIFORTH'S
PATENT DOG RACING COURSE.
ADMISSION, 250...., CHILDREN, 10c
portrait would ruin the engagement, and
then the fur flew. In the mixup that fol
lowed it is said that Madame Tavary had
her face slapped, and that something
worse happened to the excited tenor.
Later the local managers who had the
company on their hands tried their sweet
est wiles, and they art- many, to con
vince the stubborn songbird of carmine
adornments that all was not lost because
his face had not been run through a per- ;
rectlng press and given to the public but
be haughtily and profanely said them ' :
nay. Then they became alarmed and
tried all kinds of bribery. They offered
to print a half-page plct'ure of him. He
said It was too late. Then cash offers of !
extra pay were made, until the hot-head
ed and unreasonable Frenchman had
scornfully declined a proffer of $200 above !
his regular pay to sing on the initial
night
As the last resort the company had to
put on a substitute, who knew nothing
of the part, and the result was that the
performance fell flat and the engagement
eventually proved a failure. All because i
of the perversity of a man who wanted I
to see his phiz in the paper worse than ;
he wanted money or friendship. Of such !
stuff some artists are made, be it sadly
said.
J^eW Gomedvj Theater.
Advices from New York indicate that
M. B. Leavltt, who is to open the old
Bush as the New Comedy Theater, will
proceed on his former lines of enter
prise and success. Among the many at
tractive features he will offer' will be four
comedies written by Mrs. Romualdo Pa
checo, author of "Incog," which was j
originally and successfully produced in j
this city. The company will play Salt j
Lake the fore part of September and then
come to the New Comedy Theater for a
run. Mr. Leavltt has also made an ar
rangement with George W. Lederer and
George B. McLellan whereby he will pro
duce all the Casino successes for a sea
eon in San Francisco. For this scheme
a special company will be organized by
Lederer and McLellan. This organization
Is headed by the three prestiac-itateurs,
Le Roy, Fox and Powell, and will «be
managed by Frank Conant and Matt
Berry.
The remodeling of the New Comedy
Theater is now proceeding rapdily under
the direction of Alf biiinghouse, and
when it is completed It will be one of the
handsomest theaters in the country.
People ar\d flays.
Max Hirschfeld, who will direct the
Tivoli grand opera season, was the leader
of all the Castle Square (Boston) grand
opera productions.
"Shenandoah" did nine weeks of great
business in Chicago on its latest presen
tation. Good things are appreciated even
in the big village.
Mr. James Keane, who has been spend
ing his vacation at his old home, lett for
Denver last week, where he is to join the
Manhattan Beach stock company, pre-
vlous to going to New York for his regu
lar season at the Manhattan Theater.
Among the passengers lost on the
French liner La Bourgogne were Bernlce
Wheeler, who made a nit In "Chlmmle
Fadden" as Fannie, and Leon Porteau,
Leon Jacquet and Albert Weiss of the
Boston Symphony Orchestra Company.
Thj two former were accompanied by
tl#!r wives, who were also drowned.
The Belasco-Thall company, now in re
organization, will play its opening date
September 5. The company has In its re
pertoire many of the Alcazar successes,
and with a carload of scenery and para
phernalia promises to be one of the best
and most thoroughly equipped road or
ganizations that ever played the coast.
Among the artists engaged for the Tl
voll grand opera season are: Marie Bran
dis and Anna Lichter, sopranos; Mary
Llnck and Bernlce Holmes, contraltos;
Big. Rosselli and Thomas Green, tenors;
Maurice de Vrles and William Pruette,
barytones, and Slg. Wanzell, basso.
There are lots of prize housekeepers \
among the women or the stage. Rose
Coghlan can cook, and so can Lillian Rus- !
sell. Mme. Modjeska is a great house
keeper, and May Irwin delights in going
about her house dusting, with a towel
about her head. Little Edna Wallace has
a most formidable apartment in New
York, which she looks after personally.
She has a cook and butler and maid, who ,
boss her around because she is such a
mite of humanity.
The spectacular Kiralfys, well known In ;
San Francisco, have during several years
confined their affairs to Earis Court, Lon
don, where they are now giving represen- j
tations of naval encounters between
American and Spanish warships. These
exhibitions are said to be extensive and
accurate, and they are changed from time
to time to keep up with events. It is said
that they will be brought to the Madison
■ square Garden next winter, and may come i
I to this city.
And so the inevitable problem play is i
going to bob up serenely again next sea- :
i Bon. There are a good many squeamish \
'• people who cannot endure reading Zola
1 even. How they will stand for him on the
I stage I don't see. lime. Sac-card (Renee) :
made the Parisians squirm at first, but I .
believe they settled It that her self-dc- |
j struction In the last act atoned for her ■.
I guilty love of her stepson. Mr. Valentine :
: will have to make this very apparent in ,
his English version, or New Yorkers will :
do more than squirm.— New York Dra- j
matlc News.
The vaudevllleites are up to strange
acts In the way of patriotism. In an
Eastern roof garden an artist wrapped
himself in a Spanish flag, as in a mantle,
and stood in the attitude o<. a diver high
above a deep pool of water. At a given
signal an attendant touched a match to [
the hated red and yellow banner, the i
"professor" took his downward plunge, I
fluttering with fire, and lo! when he arose
from the pool he was clau in the stars
and stripes. How it was done Is not
stated, but it was a clever pyrotechnic
performance, indicating that It was not
difficult to extinguish fire or Spain if the
broper course was pursued, and that the :
Americans have Spanish flags to burn; I
and "that ain't no lie."
Here is a little story which Marshall '
P. Wilder tells about himself: While !
giving an entertainment in a small West
ern town some years ago he was stand-
Ing at the door $.s the audience filed into
the hall, when « big lumberman tried to !
push his way past the ticket-taker with
out a ticket. "Can't go in unless to pay,
Imy friend," said Wilder. "Well, I've got
!no money," said the lumberman, "but
I'll give you my dog," pointing to a hound
that was trailing behind him. "All right,
I'll try some of my new jokes on him,'
said the humorist quickly. "Go ahead;
I don't want your dog; take him in with
you." After the performance Wilder met
the fellow and asked him how he liked
the performance. "Well," grunted the
countryman, "I'm glad I kept my dog."
Theatrical J^otes.
Lewis Morrison will give an Irving pro
duction of the "Merchant of "Venice," to
follow "Camille" at the Alcazar.
Rhys Thomas has been especially en
graved by me Tlvoli for his great errand
opera successes in "Aida," "La uiocon
da" and "Lohengrin."
Laura Millard has been engaged as
prlma donna for the Carleton Opera Com-
Eany, which Is to begin a season in St.
,oui? at Uhrig's Cave.
Frawley intends to give a very elaborate
production of Daly's revised "The Taming
of the Shrew" before the conclusion of
his engagement at' the Columbia.
James Young has signed a five years'
AMUSEMENTS. w
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Manager
TO-NIGHT— Last Night of the Comic Opera
Season. Milloecker's Superb Work,
"THE BEGGAR BTUOENT."
TO-MORROW EVENING AT 7:30 O'CLOCK.
Opening Grand Opera Season
Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday
Evenings,
"AIDA."
Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday Evenings,
' * t- U C I f\ . ♦ •
Special Saturday Matinee— "LUClA."
Popular price* 25 and 50 cents
N. B.— RESERVE!* SEATS MATINEE 25c.
TELEPHONE BUSH 9.
SUTRO UBATHS.
SUNDAY, July 31st, at S:3O P. M.
JUVENILE SWIMMING RACES!
60 yards, 75 yards and 100 yardc, and
HIGH-DIViNG CONTEST
Between the Piedmont Swimming Club and the
San Francisco Athletic Club
FOR VALUABLE PRIZES.
ADMISSION, 10c CHILDREN, 6c
BASEBALL-RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison stfe
PACIFIC COAST BASEBALL LEAGUE.
Championship Pac. Coast, To-day at 2:15 p. m.
6AC RAM EN TO vs ATHLETICS.
[ ADMISSION, 25c
contract with Augustln Daly and has
gone to London, where he will be seen
shortly in Hamlet and Shylock.
When Frank Daniels comes here, with
his opera company, he will produce both
his successes, "The Wizard of the Nile"
and "The Idols Eye," This will be the
first visit of Daniels in several years.
"An Enemy to the King," which the
Frawley company produces the week of
August 8, is the successor of "The Pris
oner of Zenda" in the romantic field. E.
H. Sothern made a big success in the
play.
Richard Mansfield says that if he has
been at all successful it has been no
credit to the press of the country. Tut,
tut, Richard! If it had not been for your
discovery by vhe press you would still
be doing turns In a dime museum as a
dialect artist.
For the season of French operas
comique at the Tivoli several new people
will be brought from the East. "Girofle-
Girofla," "Madame Angot," Grand Duch
ess," "La Pericholo." "La Belle iielene,"
Barbe-Blue" and "Luzette" will be given
In a most complete manner.
Among the plays to be presented by
Modjeska during her coming engagement
at the Baldwin Theater are "Magda,"
"Adrienne Lecouvreur" and Mary Stu
art." The great Polish actress has a new
play fn preparation which she hopes to
have ready for presentation during the
engagement.
I think Al Caldwell of the Coon Hol
low company too tender-hearted. He tried
to have a man arrested last week for
beating a carpet. He is liable at any
time to have a cook in a restaurant ar
rested for beating an egg. He soured on
his soubrette last season because she
"mashed" a potato.— New York Dramatic
News.
Lessee Fred Belasco of the Alcazar is
on his way East to secure new faces and
plays for the Alcazar and the P.elasco-
Thall road company. The latter organiza
tion will open its first date Pf>"tember 6.
It is the intention of the Alcazar manage
ment to be in a position to offer Its
patrons the very cream of talent and the
latest Eastern successes for the coming:
season.
Mrs. Leslie Carter will spend her sum
mer vacation at the close of her London
season in "The Heart of Maryland" at
Interlaken and Lucerne, Switzerland. Her
health is not very good, having been run
down very much through her long and
arduous season in Belasco's great war
Elay. She hopes to recuperate thoroughly
efore returning to America to open her
fall season in Mr. Belasco's new play in
New York.
William L. Tomlins, leader of the Apollo
Club of Chicago and of the chorus of chil
dren that sang at the World's Pair, has
lately resigned his various positions and
is to give all of his time to work among
children. He is to lecture In all the prom
inent Eastern cities during the next sea
son on the method of teaching music suc
cessfully to the wee youngsters. He will
be in San Francisco in August.
It was a light .that failed Blanche
Walsh as she went cycling down Fifth
avenue last evening, says the New York
Sun. The actress's self-possession did
not fail, apparently, and she got well out
of the scrape. Arrest, however, with in
terviews in court and all that sort of
thing, makes rather a dreary existence
for these scorching days. Miss "W alsn
will get much sympathy and some little
advertising out of her unsuccessful en
counter with the police force.
Anna Held has gone to Russia for the
summer, where she will try to make the
far north people think she is an artist.
If she finds them as cold there as she
found the San Francisco theater-goers,
who took her at her true value instead
of her own estimation, the box-office ther
mometer will be low. It is a mystery
how she can succeed in hypnotizing the
Easterners, for she has made a lot of
money, and it didn't come from this
town.
"Our Boys" is th title of the latest song
and chorus brought out by war times.
The words and music were composed by
Miss Hattie Moulton, a pupil of the John
Swett Grammar School. Considering the
fact that the young lady is but 16 years
of age, the production Is decidedly cred
itable. The sentiment Is highly patriotic
and the verses cleverly constructed. The
song is dedicated to Company G, First
California Volunteers, and is published by
the Zeno Mauvais Music Company, this
city.
George Caron, ttfe clown, whose quaint
and original antics made children scream
with delight, an^ caused the most staid
adults to laugh till the tears rolled down
their cheeks, is no more, 'me mobile face,
which he could distort into a thousand
forms, each funnier than the other, will
never again cause laughter to leap to the
eyes of delighted audiences; and the fer
tile brain, constantly engaged in think
ing out new devices for making people
forget their troubles, is at rest forever.
The sad event took place at the perform
er's late residence on Sunday, June 26.
One of the cleverest and most am
bitious members of Augustin Daly's or
ganization is Mabelle Gillman, a San
Francisco girl, and she has been a gold
en nugget for Mr. Daly by reason of her
versatility and ready adaptability. She
has been able to take Virginia Earle's or
Marguerite Vernon's place at any time
in case of sudden indisposition of these
ladies. She is not only attractive in face,
but has a deliciously clear-speaking
voice, 'an enunciation that makes her
lines telling. She has played the lead
ing parts in all of Mr. Daly's musical
productions.
The New York Dramatic News says
that "Hery Lee has undertaken the plan
to organize a big vaudeville company to
consist of high class European stars to
play the leading cities, and M. B. Leavltt
will manage the company. Mr. Lee be
lieves a company of prominent artists will
appeal to the patrons of first-class thea
ters and as all the members will be im
ported the idea will be something new.
Mr. Leavitt will play this company at the
Comedy Theater in San Francisco and
over an extensive route, while a represen
tative has gone abroad to secure the
proper talent. Mr. Lee will introduce a
number of new specialties, and a feature
of the affair is to be the introduction of a
novel pantomime."
It was just a little slip of paper that
turned up at McVicker's Theater in Chi
cago the other night, but it was handed
about as a great curiostiy. The holder,
it read, had purchased two seats "on a
sofa," which would be reserved until
the end of Act I. The signature of J. A.
Warren, treasurer, and the date, June 6,
1862, were written in the spaces of the
printed order. A railroad man presented
the pass, saying that he had originally
obtained the seats for a performance of
"Richard III" and "Who Speaks First,"
but had been unable to use the order at
the time specified, thirty-six years ago.
The pass was honored on presentation
and is preserved as a relic of antiquity in
the McVicker's box office.
AMUSEMENTS.
MRS. ANNA YON MEYERINCK
\A/I1! F*EOF»EIN H»r
SCHOOL OF MUSIC
FOR VOICE CULTURE AND PIANO, on
MONDAY, August 1, 189 S.
The Complete Conservatory Courses of th»
school, outlined to conform with those given at
the Royal High School, Berlin, offer exceptional
advantages to students desiring a
THOROUGH MUSICAL EDUCATION.
Including instruction In Harmony, Theory,
Chorus and Sight Singing, Ensemble Playing,
Languages and Physical Culture.
TERMS FOR FULL COURSE OF FIFTY
WEEKS, $:?.
Payable in monthly installments of $6 SB. Pri-
mary department for beginners. Special semin-
ary courses for teachers. Terms for private in-
struction and all further particulars may be
obtained by applying at the school, 841 Fulton
Ftreet, San Francisco. Reception hours, 12-2
dally.
REMEMBER THE
STATE FAIR
— AT-
SACRAMENTO,
September 5 to 17, 1898.
Held Under the California State Agricultural
Society.
The Annual Exhibition of California Resources.
Excursion Rates on Railroads.
nfiN'T FAH TO exhibit.
IIUW I TAIL TO ATTEND:
A. B. SPRECKELS, President.
EDWIN F. SMITH, Secretary-
ni VMPIi MASON STREET, COR. EDDT.
UL I iliri A Only Free Theater Offering Bill of
Recognised Star Artists— Demario & Orlando.
Parisian Wonders; Bell & Dalton, Dutch
Knockabouts; Chas. and Mac Stanley. Dancing
Duo; Rockwell; 7 a Mon; Royee Sisters; others.
. ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE SUNDAY.
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET.
Silver firmer again.
Wheat dull and weak.
Barley rather lower.
Oats. Corn and Rye dull.
Hay and Feedstuffs about the same.
No further change In Beans.
Potatoes rather firm. Onions unchanged.
Cheese and Eggs firm. Butter unchanged.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry about due.
Peaches, Pears and Apricots firm.
New Dried Fruits strong.
Provisions dull and unchanged.
Hides continue weak.
Hogs weak and In ample supply.
Bank Clearings fell off In July.
Increased shipments of Wine.
Nine failures lust week.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 9
failures for the Tactile Coast States and Ter
ritories for the week ending yesterday. . as
compared with 10 for the previous week and 17
for the corresponding week In 1897. The fail
ures for the past week are divided among the
trades as follows: 1 contractor. 1 liquors, 1
■wine company. 1 tailor, 1 brewery, 1 varieties,
1 bicycle agent, 1 tile setter, 1 dry goods.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $14,054,
885, against $15,089,715 for the same weak last
ye . For July they were $59,280,858, against
$61,119,030 for July, 1597. Thus far this year
they amount to $456,693,458, against $355,265,572
for the same period in 1537. These returns show
a falling off in July as compared with last
year.
EXPORTS OF WINE.
Exports of wine from this port during the
first six months «f the yr>ar were 7.201. f'00 gal
lons, against 6.334, 300 for the same period in
ISS7.
PRODUCE EXCHANGE SALES.
Sales on the San Francisco Produce Exchange
for July were &3.300 tons Wheat anl 17,700 tons
Barley. Total sales. 111.000 tons.
WEATHER REPORT.
<<20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 3fl, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations In
California:
l.ureka. 56: Fresno. 114; Los Angeles, S2; Red
Bluff, 112; Independence. 104; San Diego, TO;
:iento, 102; San Luis Obispo. 80; I'uraa,
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure Is highest thle evening over
Montana and lowest in Arizona an*i in South
eastern California, fair wenther continues
throughout th»- Pacific Coast region, except
foggy at night q long th» immediate coast In
the interior high temperatures still prevail,
ranging from ]i« to llj degrees In the interior
valleys of California.
F'T^casts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, July 31, MM
Northern >'aiiiornia — Fnir Sunday, except
fogey along the cuast at night; brisk to high
•west wind on the coast.
Southern Cajlfornia— Fair Sunday, except
foggy on the coast at night; bri.«k «f?t wind.
Nevada, Utah and Arizona— Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday, ex
cept t-ggy in the morning an-1 n:ght; b-Isk to
high west wind.
Speclsd report from Mount Tamalpais. taken
at 5 p. m. — Clear; wind west. 36 miles an hour;
temperature. 85; maximum. Pi.
W. H. HAMMON,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
The recent tendency of the stock market to.
dullness was rather accentuated to-day by the
fact that the London Stock Exchange was
taking a holiday. Dealings In railroad stocks
were a minimum, and there was a notable dis- i
inclination to sell. Even , the professional !
bears, who have really been the only prominent '
sellers In the market for a period of nearly ]
two months, hesitated to put out short lines [
to-day. In fear of some development over Sun- j
day that would give the market "its long-ex- I
pected impetus to activity. With the expecta- ]
tion of news at any time that Mantle has been j
occupied by the United States forces, with the ■
expedition in Porto Rico making favorable j
progress and with concrete proposals of con
clusion of peace under actual official discus
•ion, the bears do not care to leave short con
tracts open over Sunday in a market that has
shown such long, llrm resistance to all efforts
to force a decline and dislodge offerings of i
stocks. • There was. besides, a continuance of :
the improvement In some of the industrial |
stocks which recently have been prominent. '
There was large and aggressive buying of
Brooklyn Transit, attributed to the predomi- ;
nant interest in the property, with a resulting !
rise of nearly 2 per cent in the prices. The :
rubber stocks continued to advance, on the un- ;
derstanding that they have become the favor- |
ites of on» of the street's influential speculative :
leaders. Sugar and Metropolitan Street Rail
way also showed strength. There was no news
to account for the advance in these stocks. ;
Prices are fractionally higher all around,
rather as a result of the timidity of the bears"
than from any actual demand for stocks.
The bank statement shows that the week's ;
violent changes were due to the practical clos
ing up of operations for 'the Government loan '
and this week's variations are small. . The
new bonds will themselves be available to the
banks as security for deposit of future instal
ments of payments to the Government on ac
count of th» loan. It was the scarcity of
bonds for this purpose that made necessary
last wet-k's heavy withdrawals of Government
deposits.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 84,900
shares, including: . People's Gae. 3259; Lead,
6820; American Sugar, 11,600; U. S. Rubber. 10.
coo. • .
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 13% St P & Om 83%
Do prefd ........ 34% Do prefd 153
Baltimore & Ohio 14 St P M & M 161
Canada Pacific .. 83% So Pacific 19%
Canada Southern. 53% So Railway .. $%
Central Pacific .. 16% Do prefd • 31%
Ches & Ohio 22% Texas & Pacific.. 12%
Chi & Alton 160 Union Pac prefd. 61% I
Chi B & Q... 106% U P D &.G 5% •
Chi & E 111 56 Wabash 7
CC C ft Et L.... 42% Do prefd 19
. Do prefd .• 85 Wheel & L E... 1%
Del & Hudson... 105 Do prefd 11
Del L & W 150 .Express Companies-
Den & R G • 12% Adams Ex 102
Do prefd 50 American Ex .... 135
Erie (new) ....... 13% United States .... 40
Do let prefd.... 83% Wells Fargo 118
Fort Wayne ... 170 Miscellaneous—.
Gt Nor prefd.... 129% A Cot Oil 24
Hocking Valley... 434 Do prefd 78
Illinois Central .. 109 Ann Spirits 11%
Lake Erie & W... 13% Do prefd .....'... 36
Do prefd 71 Am Tobacco 121%
Lake Shore 190 Do prefd 129
Louis & Nash — 63% People'B Gas 99% j
Manhattan L — 107 Cons Gas 198%
Met St Ry 153% Com Cable C 0.... 170
Mich Central ... 106 Col F & Iron 20%
Minn & St L.... 28% .Do prefd 90
Do Ist prefd.... SS% Gen Electric 33%
Mo Pacific 30% Illinois Steel M
Mobile & 0hi0.... 27% Laclede Gas 61%
Mo X & T 10% Lead 36%
Do pr»fd ........ 34% Do prefd 10914
Chi Ind & L 10 Nat Lin Oil .. . 6
Do prefd 35 s Pacific Mall 29%
N J Central 90% Pullman Palace... 210
N V Central 118% Silver Certificates 55%
M V Chi & St L.. 12% Stand RAT 5%
Do Ist prefd 60 j Sugar 13?%
Do 2d Drefd 84 | . Do prefd 113%
Nor West 14% T C & Iron 25
No Amer Co 6% C S Leather . 7%
No Pacific 29%; Do prefd 67%
Do prefd 71% I U 8 Rubber 38%
Ontario & W .... 14% Do prefd ........ £8
Or R & Nay 4fc% West Union 52T4
Or Short Line.... 28 C& N W 131%
Pittsburg 170 Do prefd 175
Reading 17% St L & S W 5%
Do Ist prefd...." 41 Do prefd 10%
Rock Island ..... 90%, X G W 26%
6t Louis & S V.. 7% Do prefd 6C
Do Ist Drefd.... 61 Chi G W ..15%
Do M prefd 28% Haw Com Co 24%
Bt Paul ts-i V p Common.... 24
Do prefd 151% Brooklyn R T C 9%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 126% iN J C Cs 112%
Do coup 128% N Carolina 65.... 125
V S 4s 110 Do 4a 102
Do coup 110% No Pac lsts 112%
Do 2ds 97 Do 3s 64%
V Sss reg 111% Do 4s 89%
Do 5e coup 111% NY C & St L 4s. 105%
District 3.65b .... 116% Nor & W 6s 121
Ala class A...... 108 Northwstrn cons. 143
Do B 100 Do deb Ss 117%'
Do C 90 O Nay lsts 110
Do Currency ... 90 0 Nay 45.... 97%
'Atchlson 4s 85 O 8 Line 8s tr 128%
Do adj 4s 70% O s Line us tr.... 105
Can So 2ds 105% Pacific 6s of 95... 102
Chi Term 45...... 80 - Reading 4s . 82%
C & Ohio 5s 114% R O W 15t5.......^89
C H & D (Us 104% St L & I M C Gs. 99% 1
D & R G lsts.... 109% St L & 8 F G 6s. 118%
V & R G 4s : 95% St P Con -... 145
East Tonn lsts.. 10f% St P C & P ills. 118
Erie Gen 4s 73% Do 6s ....1...... 116%
F W & D lsts tr. 73% So Railway 55...; 94%
Gen Elec 65....... 105% Stand R & T 6»... 70
OII& S A 6s — 104 Term new set 3s. 91%
Do 2ds 105 Te:: P L G lsts.. 106%
H & T C 65....... 110 Do Rg 2ds 43
• Do con 65....... 11l Union Pac 4b.:.. '97%
lowa C lsts 101% U P D & G lsts. 73
La new cons 45.. 104 Wab lit Cs 110%
LAN Uni 4».... 88% Do 2ds 91
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4o 10$
M X & T 2ds 65%'Va Centuries .... 72%
Do 4a B«%j Do deferred ... 04
N V Central lsts. 116 , !
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point ..... ■ ■ 05 Ophlr ■ 18
Con Cal & Va.... 35 Plymouth .; « 12
Deadwood ........ 30 Quicksilver 125
Gould & Curry- 05 Do prefd ........ 375
Hale & Norcross. 50 Sierra Nevada .. 50
Homestake ....... 45 00 Standard •■.......'.•..- 1 BO
Iron Silver 66 Union Con ....... 20
w«xlcan ........... 12 Yellow Jaqket .... 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westlnghouse El. 24
Call loans 2&Q>4 Do prefd 54
Time ioans 2 @5 Boston L 67
Stocks— Qen Elec prefd... 94
A T & S F 13V4 E E 111 13u
Amer Sugar ISB% Atchlson prefd — 34* i
Do prefd 114 Bonds-
Bay State Gas. ..111-16 Atchison 4s 93V6
Bell Telephone... 277 Mining Shares-
Boston & Albany. 225H Allnuez Mln C 0... 4Vi
Boston & Maine. lC2H'Atlsntic 27
Chi B * Q 106\ Boston & Mo:it.. 207%
Fltchburs 101 Butte A Boston.. 25%
3en Electric 3W Calumet & Ilecla.. 570
Illinois Steel 554 Centennial 14V4
Mexican Central.. i\ Franklin 12VS
N V & New Enar. 95 Osceola 47»i
Old Colony 190^ Qulncy 113
Rubber S?3fc Tamarack 153
Lnlon Pacific .... 23^ Wolverine 24V4
West End $6 V Parrott 2^V*
Dq prefd 106 iOld Dominion 23
ASSOCIATED BANK STATEMENT.
NEW V RK. July 30.— The Financier says:
The statement of the Associated Banks of New
York City for the week ending July 30 shows
no important changes. The increase of $1,520,
800 In loans is overshadowed by the expansion
of something Itke two and a half millions In
this, item reported by one bank. In the same
manner one bank's -decrease In cash was twice
as large as the average decrease of the re
maining Institutions. Deposits have remained
almost stationary, but there has been more or
less shifting of funds, and the banks with
heavy interior connections seemed to have gain
ed as a rule. - In the same time the reduction
in surplus reserve was brought about by act
! ual loss in cash as the 25 per cent requirement
I is very little higher than last week, owing to
I the insignificant deposit expansion. The specie
decrease was due to operations with the treas
ury, but the transfers of coin to the sub-treas
ury on July 23, aggregating nearly eight mil
lions, seem to have been included in th« last
week's statement. The Government bond pay
ments have been more than half completed,
and the only ■effect so far has been to reduce
the reserves at the New York banks about
twenty millions. 'The remaining payments will
have but little effect, since treasury deficits
will about counterbalance reports. anil the
money In depository banks will be withdrawn
gradually.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. July 30.— FLOUR— Receipts.
17.834 barrels; exports, 6700 barrels. Inactive
and weaker.
WHEAT— Receipts, 379,250 bushels; exports,
226,400 bushels. Spot steady; No. 2 red, 74c
f. o. b. afloat, export grades to arrive. Options
ruled steady all the morning with a slight
trade supported by scant offerings, a late de
mand from July shorts and prospective vlsiblo
supply decrease Monday, closed %c net higher.
July, 72%@75c; September, 69 l-16@^%c: dosed
69HC. '
WOOL— Dull; fleece. 17@23c; Texas, 13i$15c.
PIG IRON— DuII; Southern, $9 76®11; North
ern, tioigiii 50.
COPPER— DuII; brokers. Jl%c.
LEAD— DuII; brokers, *3 80.
TlN— Plates, steady. ■ •
COFFEE— closed, steady, net un
changed to 5 points lower. Sales, 9000 bags.
Including August, $5 30. Spot Coffee— Rio, in
active; No. 7 invoice, 6c: No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c.
Mild, quiet; Cordova, 8%®15e.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; centrifugal, 96 test,
4%c; fair refining, 3%c; refined, firm; mold A,
6%c; Standard A, 6%c; confectioners' A, 4 c;
cut loaf, s?*c: crushed, 5%c; powdered, 5%c;
granulated. 5%c; cubes, 5%c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 2500 packages. Firm;
western creamery, 14%@15%c: Elgins, lS%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 2375 packages. Western,
14c. 4
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. July 30.— California dried fruits
dull.
EVAPORATED APPLES— 6@Bc;
prime wire trny, 8%@8%c; choice, B%<§*c; fan
cy, 9%c.
PRUNES— 4<ff?c. *
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 8%@10c; Moorpark, 10<3>
12c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, s@Bc; peeled, I2@l«c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. July 30.— The further extension
ar.d continuation of rains in the West caused
liberal selling of corn b~ commission houses,
considerably long property coming out on ?<op
loss orders. At the decline resulting shorts be
came good buyers. Some of the prominent
bulls were also conspicuous on that stde, and
the opening decline was partly recovered. That
no greater reduction in price took place was
due to a widely diffused opinion that much
corn had been Irretrievably injured. Septem
ber closed %c lower at 33% c.
The tardy movement of the new crop started
wheat a trifle higher. This comparative
strength was maintained for a time, but finally
the market succumbed to the softness In corn.
There was no Liverpool cables, owing to a
holiday In England. The crop advices main
tained atX'Ut the same tenor as heretofore, and
with nothing to stimulate speculation buyers
arid sellers seemed disposed to take a rest. With
the short Interest eliminated In July that
month began to slip off early in the session .
It dropped from Wftc to 66c. ending the July
deal as was expected. The wheat and flour
clearances from the seaboard reported to-day
were unusually heavy, aggregating about 722,
"-' bushels. When this became known Septem
ber, which was nellir.g at 64c. was bid up to
64% c. As the session drew to a clove. how
ever, there was renewed selling, which carried
the price off again. July closed with a loss of
4^, September unchanged to %c down, and
December unchanged.
Oats were Independently and pronouncedly
bullish. Every commission firm seemed to
have orders, but the buying orders predomi
nated, and prices advanced sharply. Crop dam
axe talk furnished the Incentive for buying.
The clos» was V*'S'<*ic higher.
Moderate buying In addition to small receipts
and higher prices for hop? held provisions firm.
The trarle was largely in the way of changing.
Pork advanced 7''c, Jard 2%c and ribs Be.
The leading futures ranged' as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
July 70 70% 66 65
September 64% «4% C 3% 64%
December 64% > 64% 63% 64%
Corn, No. 2—
May 35% 36% 35% S6
July 33% 53% 33 33%
September 33% 33% 33 ' 33%
December 33% .34 33% 33%
Oats, No. 2—
July 24% 25 23% 24
September : 20% 21 20% 20%
May 23% 24 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
September 940 9 52% 940 9 47%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
September 5 47% 6 62% 5 47% 660
October 5 52% 6 57% 6 62% 655
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 5 42% 550 6 42% 6 47%
October 560 6 52% 660 6 52%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, dull; winter patents, S3 80<g'3 90; straits,
$3iWff3 60: clear. $3 40<&3 50; spring special
brands, $5; No. 3 spring Wheat, 68@7t}c; No. i
red, 67c; No. 2 Corn, 33%©33V5c; No. 2 Oats,
21'sf('22e; No. 2 white, 2S%c: No. 3 white, 20%*j>
27% c; No. 2 Rye, 42% c; No. 2 Barley, 32rQ:3?c ;
No 1 Flaxeeod, S7c; Prime Timothy Seee.l,
$2 hi: Mess Pork, per barrel, $S 40@9 45: Lard,
per 100 pounds, $5 40@r> 47%; Short Rib Sides,
loose, $o 35@5 70; Dry Salted Shoulders, boxed,
4%®5c: Short Clear Side*, boxed, $5 80<gf6.
Articles. Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 7,000 7,300
Wheat, bushels 78, 4W 32,000
Corn, bushels 316.400 323.900
Oats, bushels 242,000 94,400
Rye. bushels 12.600
Barley, bushels 3,700
On the Produce Exchange to-day . the Butter
market was firm: creameries. 13ft@17V4c: dair
ies, l^loc. Ebtks, easy; fresh, lie. Cheese,
slow; • creams, 7@S%o.
■ WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— i Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 5R.520 17,940
I>uluth 12.512 69.064
Milwaukee ...: 5.200
Chicago 78.401 ■ 8.520
Toledo ■ 146,388 65.000
Et. Louis .'. 42.000 15.000
Detroit '.....«... 62.276 27,253
Kaunas City ". 95.500 61,000
.T0ta15....... 502,797 259,367
Tidewater—
Boston .'.lf.. 24.C00 83,841
New York 379.250 226,400
Philadelphia 10,618 1,418
Baltimore ...152,205 . 202,800
New Orleans ' 81,600
Galveston " ,
Totals .......
PARIS FUTURES. ""**
Wheat— . July. Sept.-Dec.
Opening . 58 90 45 70
Closing :......'..."...... ..... .....
Flour— •
Opening • 22 70 . 20 95
Closing .....
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Holiday. -
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET..
CHICAGO..
CHICAGO, July —C ATTIRE— steady.
Choice steers. $5 23@5 63; _ medium,- $4 75@>4 95;
beef steers, ,s4®4 70; stockers- and feeders, $3®
4 75; bulls, $2 75<&4 30; cows and heifers. . t3@
4 20; caLves, S3 25@7; Western steers, $3 80(36 23;
Texans, $2 50@4 85. ..'■.. . . :
.- HOGS— Ruled stronger and 2Hc higher. Fair
to choice. $3 92^4 05;. packers, 13 75@3 «);
butchers'. $3 7504: mixed, »3 75@3 95; lights,
$3 70© 3 «5; I'iSH. $2 KM &L .
SHEEP— steady. Good to choice na
tives, $4 50©4 90; culls, $2 st'@S 75; Western
range, $4Q>4 36; yearling lambs, $4^6 25.
Receipts— Cattle, 600; Hogs, .17,000; , Sheep,
3000.
KANfIA;- CITT. ,
KANSAS CITY. July 30.— CATTLE—
100.  Market, -, unchanged. , .. ,
HOGS— Receipts. 6000. Market, steady to 6c
higher. Bulk of sales, |3 6*03 85; heavies, «3 70 |
THE SANFRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1898.
®3 90; packers,' $3 60<2>3 80; mixed, "' $3 55@3 £0;
lights, $3 46@3 70; yorkers, $3 6D@3 70; pigs, $3 „.>
@3 65. ■
SHEEP— 000. Market, steady.
Lambs, $4Q>6; muttons, . ,«."■?« 4 10.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, July 30.— Receipts. 1500.
Market steady. Native beef steers, $4 30@5 30;
Western steers, $4<g>4 80; cows and heifers, $3 30
@4 60; stockers and feeders, $3 70(§)4 76.
HOGS— Receipts, 9600. Shade stronger.
Heavy. $3 72^«3 SO: mixed, $3 72%@3 76; bulk
of Bales, $3 72tt@3 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2200. Market, steady.
Fair to choice natives. $3 80®4 30; do Westerns,
$3 :■■'■; I 20; common, $3 256 i] lambs, $4 2556-
DENVER.
DENVER, July 30.— Receipts, 300.
Market, active and strong; beef steers, $3 90
<g>4 50; <>ows, $3@4; feeders, freight paid to
river, *3 SO&4 40; stockers do, $3 75Q4 75; bulls
and stags, $2 CtoJS.
HOGS-Recclpts, 300. Market, steady. Light
packers, $3 65@S 70; mixed, $3 70@3 75; heavy,
$3 6u©3 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, 200. Market, steady. Good
fat muttons, $3 25@4 ?5: lambs. $5®6.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, July SO.— Bllver, 27 l-16d: French
Rentes, 103f 22He.
Wheat cargoes off coast, nothing doing: car
goes on passage, nominal, unchanged.
LIVERPOOL, July 30.— Wheat In Paris,
steady; Flour in Paris, firm.
PARIS. July 30.— Spanish 4s, 39.52.
MADRID, July 30.— Spanish fours closed to
day at 62. Gold was quoted at «7.
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
NEW YORK, July 30.— The imports of dry
goods and general merchandise at New York
for the week were $7,716,703. The gold and
silver movements! at New York for the week
were: Exports of gold, $14,090: silver, $1,025,
198; imports of gold, $ISSG; silver. $4013.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON,. July 3Ci.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, *260.&C9,993; fiold reserve,
$189,803,578.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, July 30— COTTON— Quiet:
middling, 5 11-16 c.
NEW YOKK. July 30.— Cotton quiet, mid
dling, 6 l-16c.
PORTLANDS BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. July 30.— Exchanges, $165,367;
balances, ??7,425.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, July 30.— New wheat In large
quantities for export would hardly find buyers
at more than 65«?57c, while 60c would be the
best figure for valley and blueetem. At the
same time there have been a few lots picked
up by mill* and California buyers at prices
several cents better than these quotations.
Threshing returns, so far as heard from, are
fully up to expectations.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. July 30— WHEAT— Millers offer 63
(gts4c for club and 66^7 for bluestem. For ex
port the price i« equal to Sc less.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, Bight — 4 84 '
Sterling Exchange, 60 days ..; — 4 86
Sterling Cables — 4 86%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17%
New York Exchange, sight — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 58%
Mexican Dollars 46 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Closed the week dull and easy,
with a slight falling off in futures.
Spot Wheat — Shipping, $1 20<ffl 23%; mill
ing. $1 30®l 40 ■ per etl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second session— December— €ooo ctls, $1 22%;
22.000, $1 2!',.
Regular morning session— December — 4000 ctls.
Jl 22%.
BARLET— Spot feed Is. rather lower again
and futures are also off.
Feed. Jl 15@1 18%: Brewing, nominal. '
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— o'clock— No sales.
Second session— December— Booo ctls, $1 16%;
2000. $1 16%.
Regular, morning session — December— 2000 ctls,
$1 16%.
OATS— Trade is at a standstill and quotations
are unchanged. Fancy Feed, $1 32% per
ctl; good to choice. $1 35<ffil 30; common, $1 17%
01 22%; Surprise, »1 32%5>1 35; Gray, $1 22%<8>
125; milling, $1 22%i£ 1 27% per ctl.
CORN — There is no further decline, but the
market is .weak and dull. Small round yellow,
$1 25.5>1 30; Eastern large yellow, sacked. }l 10;
white-, $1152)120: mixed, $1 oC@l 10 per ctl.
RYE— 20f?l 22% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— i\ 76@1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 65@4 75; bakers'
extras, $4 40<ft4 M per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Hye Flour. J2 73 per 100;
Rice Flour, $7; C'ornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal. $3 25; OatmeaJ. $4 2r.; Oat Groate.
«4 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat Flour, H
@4 26; Cracked Wheat. |3 75; .Farina, $4 50;
Whole "Wheat Flour. 13 50; Rolled Oats (bar
ley). $5 85@6 25; In sacks, |5 «f.@S 05; Peorl
Barley, 15; Split Peas, $4 26; Green Peas, (4 50
per 100 lb«.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The only alteration In Hay quotations Is a
wider ranjre In prices, owing to the proportion
of poor stock coming In. For Instance, some of
the grain Hay now arriving has grass In It,
and of course snch stock will not bring any
where near the prices for clean goods. Tha
top quotations are unchanged.
BRAN— SIS 50016 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S!Bf*2O per ton.
FK.EDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $25@26 per ton;
Oilcake Moal at the mill, 131@31 50; Jobbing,
$32(1 1-32 B0; Oocoanut Cake, $24'iJ25; Cottonseed
M<»al, 125530 per ton; Cornmeal, $23^23 CO;
Cracked Corn, $24*124 V>.
ITAY— The quotations represent California
rope-bound Hay: XTheat, $17rfilS for good and
$14£16 for lower grades, no choice coming In;
Wheat and Oat. $15@17: Oat. $13(g>16; Barley.
ti4'sls; Island Barley, $12 50@14; Alfalfa, }a<&
18: Clover, nominal.
STRAW— «O<§ 85c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS,
The firmness In white Beans continues and
the demand keeps up. The colored descriptions
are still dull.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 75^2 90; Small Whites,
$2f2 15; Large Whites. *1 90^2; Pinks. »2 f.o®
2 Si; Reds, *2 fio<g2 76; Blackeye, $3 15<&)3 25:
Butters nominal; Llmas, 13; Pea, $2@2 10; Red
Kidneys, 12 f.O(S2 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Muptard, $4 sTi(3>s per ctl: Yel
low Mustard, *4 25; Flax, nominal at $2; Can
ary Seed, 2\4<a>2%c per lb; Alfalfa, nominal;
Rape, 2W<3>2%c; Hemp, 2%®3c; Timothy, s<^
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 TUS2; Green, $2@2 10
per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes In boxes are doing better. Onions
are about the -same. Vegetables rule, weak at
the low prices.
POTATOES— It *50c In sacks for Early Rose
and 4O@COc in sacks and 75cg>$l 10 in boxes for
Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 70@85c.
ONIONS— «O@6Oc per ctl for red and 70@80o
per ctl for yellow. • Pickle Onions, 75c@$l per
ctl.
VEGETABLES— Peas, . 2%(g>3c; String
Beans, 2(34c per.lb; Lima Beans, 4<§3c; Bay
Squash, 25©3Sc; Green Peppers, 35<566c for
Chile and tl • for Bell; Cabbage. SOo per
ctl; Carrots, 80@50c per sack; Bay Cucumbers,
20(g25c: Pickles, 75@*1 for No. 1 and 4O@Goc per
box for No. 2:"Vacavllle Tomatoes. 20@r>0c;
River Tomatoes, . TT>eC(f'sl: Green Corn, soc@Jl
per sack for Vacaville, $1 25@1 60 per crate for
Alameda and Co#9oc for Berkeley; Garlic, 2&
2Hc per lb; Green Okra, 40@G0e; Egg Plant.
2r,?i75c per box.
EVAPORATED. VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
Sliced, raw, 12c per Ib in lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desiccated, 16@l8c; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions,, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, ' 30c: Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 80c ; Tomatoes, , Wo. ;
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of Eastern are announced for the
first of. the week. - ;
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 12H@14c for Gob
blers and 12@13e for Hens: Geese, per pair, 76<
<3isl; Goslings, $1£125; Ducks, $2 50*3)8 for ola
and $2 50@4 for young; Hens, $4(35; Roosters,
young, -$4@5; Roosters old, $4 25@4 50; Fry
ers, |3<3>4; Broilers, $303 50 for largo; »2i@2 50
for small; Pigeons, $l@l 20 per dozen for young
and $1 50 (or old. ? ;\ ;<;; <; .
GAME— Nominal. ,;. .... .
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Cheese and .Eggs are mm at the recently Im
proved ! prices. • There !Is'■ no Changs In ' Butter.
. BUTTER— ► »V
• Creamery— fancy * creameries, 20o; seconds,
18®19c. ' ■ •-■ ■ ■.--.
Dairy— Choice -to • fancy, 17®18c; common
grades, 15®16c. •:,-'.-■-'■ ■ ■ -■■
< Eastern 'Butter— Ladle packed, 14@15c per lb;
El(?lr, nominal. ■ ■ ■■ - -•■..•■.
- CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9®9V4c; old. 7V4®
B%c: Cream ' Cheddar, 10@llc; Young America
9*rloc: Eastern. - 12@13c. . . . _-.■,.,'•
• EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 18(i?22c per dozen; store
Eggs. 18@16c; Eastern, I&@:i6c epot and 18e for
fancy to arrive; Duck Effgs. ' 17@18c. >>
' DECIDUOUS AND , CITRUS FRUITS. '
Bartlett Pears : are , very firm. . Choice large
stock is scarce and will bring • the top : quota
tion. The \ demand ■ on ■ canning account la
good. ■ . ' , V
Peaches ara : again doing better. Apricots
rule firm and the season will be over soon.
Berries are somewhat higher.
Plums : are quiet and In better supply than
the other canning. fruits. :-
The river boat was very late and its goods
missed the market.
Grapes are comlne in more freely and are
quiet at the old prices.
Limes are very scarce.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $4 50@G.per chest for large and
for mull. ■■.-•.. ■ . ' .
Figs. 30<g-60c per box for single . and $I@l 50
for double layers. . • . - _
Cantaloupes, $2@4 50 per crate; Nutmegs, $1 25
@1 75 per box; Watermelons, $s<fj>ls per hundred.
Huckleberries, 7@9c per lb. :
Red Nectarines, 75c@$l; White . Nectarines,
60075 c per box. .
Fontalnebleau Grapes. 2S@6sc per box and 40
@65c per crate; Black Grapes, 75c@$l per crate.
Blackberries, $2 50@4 per chest.
Plums, 504T65C per crate and 25@60c per box;
In bulk. $10 per ton for green and $12 50015 for
yellow. , . ■;.: •
Apricots, Eo@7sc per box and ?4O@>7o V-r ten
In balk. -
Peaches, 40@78c per box; 60@85c per basket; In
bulk, to canners, $35045 for Freestones. Clings.
?65@75.
Crabapples, 2C(ff4oc per box.
Raspberries, $5©7 per chest.
Apples. 35@61»c " lor common, and 7ocWsl per
box for No. 1; choice Gravensteins, $I@l 23.
■ Bartlett Pears. $I@l 25 per box and $301740
per ton for No. 1, and 50©75 c per box and $20
@25 per ton for No. 8.
CITRUS FRUITS— $1 2,-@l 50 for St.
Michaels. $l@l 25 for Mediterranean Sweets,
and 750@5l 2.'. for Seedlings; Lemons. $1 25®2
for common and $2 RC@3 for good to choice:
Mexican Limes. $6 / S"7; California Limes, 50c
per box: Bananas, SI 25@2 per bunch; Pine
apples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS. ETC.
New Poaches. Prunes and Apricots are very
firm at the quotations, with the lAter leading.
Old fruits ar« nominal.
DRIED FRUIT— Prunes. 3%(5 : 3%c for the
four sizes; old Prunes, carload lots. 4%
@ric for 40-50's, 4%@4Hc forSO-60's, 3%<ff4c for
60-70* s. 3\4f18%c- for 70-SO'r; 2%(g80 for Kn-Ws: 2
4f2 1 ,4 c for SO-100's; new Peaches, 6c: old Peaenes,
43'5Hc; peeled, 10ig!l2V4c; new Apricots. 9@tO<i
foa Royals and 15®17&c for Moorparks; old
ApHcots, s®7c for Royals and S@loc for good
to fancy Moorparks: Evaporated Apples, 6V<?
7c: sun dried. 3<fNe: Black Figs, In sacks, 2®
2Vic: Plums. 4@4Hc for pitted and l@l%c for
unpltted; bleached- Plums, sc: Nectarines. 3©
4%c for prime to fancy; Pears, 2%'^4'^c for
quarters and 3(g"sV4c for halves, according to
color, etc.
RAISINS— Z<Q2Y c for two-crown. 2Vi@2 (l ie for
three-crown; 3<S3»4e for four-crown. 3@4c for
Seedless Sultanas; 2%@3c for Seedless Mus
catels and $I@l 15 for London layers: dried
Grapes, 2c.
NUTS— Walnuts, 3<??!4c for hardshell. 4<36e for
softshell; Almonds. 3@4c for hardshell, 6@7c for
softshell; S%@9c for paper-shell: Peanuts. 4®
5Uc for Eastern and 4^c for California; Pe
cans, ■ 6tt<STßc: Filberts, 9V4@loe: Brazil Nuts,
B@9c per lb; Cocoanuts, $4 50®5 per 100.
HONEY— OiSlOc for bright and 6&7 c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 5%@
6c; light amber extracted. 4%@3%c per lb. -
BEESWAX— 24g26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9c per lb for
heavy. 9%c for light medium, 10c for light,
lie for extra light and 12@12',4c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10H@llc; Cali
fornia Hams, 9H@loc: Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11: Family Beef. $12; Salt
Pork, $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
$170*17 50; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12@12Vsc
per lb. '
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per lb
for compound and 8c for pure: palls, B%e:
California tierces, 5Hc per lb for compound
and 7c for pure: half barrels, 7*4 c; 10-lb tin*.
8c: 5-lb tins. S^ic. •
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6»S's'6 l Hc: packages
less than 300 lbs— l-lb pails. 60 in a ease, 9V,c;
3-lb palls. 20 in a ease. B%c; 5-lb palls. 12 in a
case. B%c; 10-lb pails, 6 In a case, S%c; 50-lb
tins. 1 or 2 In a case, 7T4c: wooden buckets, 20
lbs net. S^c; fancy tubs. SO lbs net. 7%e; halt
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c per lb.
- ,
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOP 9.
The weakness tn Hides continues.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c: medium. 9c; light, S<4c; Cow
hides, 9c: Stags, 6%e; salted Kip. 8140; Calf,
9c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal. 15c; dry Calf, 17@13e:
Goatskins, tP6QtBc; medium. 30c; winter, 10c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15f?25c each; short wool,
30<®40c each: medium. 60(SJ80c; lon* wool, 90c@
$110 each; Ilorsehtdes. salt, $2 25 for large
and $101 75 for small; Colts, 50c; Horsehldes.
dry. $176 for large and 75c(f?$l 25 for small;
Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3Vic per to; No. 2,
2\c; reflned, 4Vj<3'4Hc: Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clips. Southern Mountain. 10c;
free Northern, 9Sl2e. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months'. 9@llc: Sap Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months S@loc; .. Foothill and
Northern, free, 12@14c; do, defective, 10<S>12c;
Middle county, 13016 c; Humboldt and Mendo
cino, 14@16c; Nevada, 10@14c: Eastern Oregon,
105})12c: Valley Oregon. 15@17c.
HOPS— crop. 9@l2V4c per lt>.
■ * - "general merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 4%c; Wool Bags,
nominal; San Quentln, $4 85.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton: New Wel-
Ington, $8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50: Seat
tle. $6: Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend.
$7 50; Cumberland l $13 in bulk and $14 50 In
sacks ; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14 In
Backs.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 7c; Powdered, 6i,4c; Candy
Granulated, 6c: Dry Granulated, r.?*c; Confec
tioners' A, sT*c:5 T *c: Magnolia A, 6%c; Extra C,
6Hc: Golden C. 5%c; California A. 5%c per lb;
half barrels, >4c more than barrels, and boxes
V z c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs continue weak and the top figure Is
realized only for an occasional lot.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows: .
. BEEF— First quality, 6V4e; second quality,
D%@6c: third quality, 4'4igf6Hc.
VEAL— Large, 4@sc; small, 6@7c per ID. .
MUTTON— 7W:@Sc; Ewes, 7@7%0
per Tb.
LAMB— B®B%c per It).
PORK— Live Hogs, 4M@4^c for large, 4H<9
4%c for medium and 4'<j<4i<i ■ for small; stock
Hogs. 2tfj'JV£ci dressed Hogs, 6<3>7>4.
■ RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE}.
For Saturday, July 30.
Flour, qr Fks ... 35,040 Powder, car 1
Barley, ctls 1,835 Do cases 33
Butter. Otis 3SO ! Pelts, bdls 345
Cheese, ctls 45 'Wine, gals 37,800
Potatoes, aks ... 2. 026 Leather, rolls ... 17
Onions, Bks 1,480 Hides, no 876
Middlings, ska .. 772 Lime, bbls 240
I Hay, tons 636>RalElns, bxs 70
Straw, tons ..... 17 1 Sugar, sks 550
Wool, bales 257 1 Do bbls 175
Eggs, doz 16,080 ' Quicksilver, flsk. 48
OREGON.
Bran, ska 6Co|Hay, tons . 40
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 4001......
||ffs§g;' NEVADA.
Hay, tons 101. ;
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining Stocks were firmer during the latter
part of the week, with Increased activity, and
at the close yesterday were generally higher
than at the close of the preceding week.
Local necurltles were fairly active and the
sugar stocks were somewhat firmer.
The Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm Company
has declared «. quarterly dividend of 5 cents
per share, payable August 15.
The Moon-Anchor Mining Company of Colo
rado has declared a dividend of 7% cents per
share, amounting to $45,000, payable August 1.
The Oceanic Steamship Company will pay a
monthly dividend of SO cents per share to
morrow.
The Rose Creek Mining Company of Tuo!
umne County has levied an assessment of C
cents per share, delinquent September 3. '
The San Francisco Gai* ami Electric Com
pany will pay Its regular monthly divldned of
HO cents per share to-morrow.
The Pioneer Gold Mining Company of this
State has declared a dividend of 12Vi cents per
share, payable August 12.
The Geary-street, Park and Ocean Railroad
has declared a dividend of 50 cents per share,
payable August 1.
The Boulder Mining Company of El Dorado
County has levied an assessment of 6 cents per
sharu, delinquent September 2.
The July report of the Alaska- Treadwell
mine shows 19,987 tons ore worked and 403
tons HUlphurets treated, latter yielding $25,373
and the whole averaging $3 60 per ton, which
Is rather better than usual. The bullion pro
duct for the month was 172,068. In addition,
the company sent down $£465 for account of
the Alaska-Juneau mine and J5355 for account
of custom work. The usual quarterly dividend
of 37V4 cents per Fhare, amounting to $75,000,
wag paid on the 28th.
Tho following local Incorporations disbursed
dividends during July:
Name. Per Sharo. Amt
•Bank of California $3 00 $ 90.000
•California Safe Deposit 150 15,000
••Crocker-Woolworth N. Bk.. 4 00 40.000
••Columbian Hanking Co 3 00 1,800
••First National Bank 800- 75,000
••N>-*da National Bank 3 50 105,000
••Wells, Fargo 4- Co 3 00 240,000
•Firemen's Fund Ins. Co 8 00 30,000
•Pacific Surety Co .'.. 2 00 2,000
Gas Consumers' Association.. 15 2.025
Oakland Gaa Co i... Co 7.600
Pacific Oaa Imp. Co r... 50 iS,(KK)
Pacific Lighting Co 40 8,000
S. F. Ga-s A Electric EO 63,750
•Stockton (las & Electric SO 3,600
•Marin County Water 75 4..W0
San Jose Wnter 60 4.241
Spring Valley Water 50 70,01*1
California-street Oahlo 60 5,000
•Mnrket-street Railway 60 111.702
•Sutter-street Railway 125 2;. 000
Alaska Packers' Association.. 75 36,000
Hutcblnson Plantation..,. 60 28.000
Natomn. Vineyard C 0... 03 3.000
Pacific Telephone 40 13,200
Sunset Telephone 25 7.5C>0
Oceanic Steamship..... 60 12.500
•Alaska-Mexican M. Co ■ 10 18.000
•Alaska-Treadwell M. C 0...... 37% : 75,000
Homestake Mining Co 25 31,250
Homestake M. C. (extra).. 25 51. 250
Etna Quick5i1ver............... 10 10.000
New Idrla Quicksilver C 0..... 15. 15.000
♦Napa Con. Q. M. Co 10 10.000
Napa Con (extra). 10 10.000
Pennsylvania Mining Co. 05 2,575
Reward Mining C 0.............. 02H- 1,600
Total $1,219,393
•Quarterly. ••Seml-annually. .
A summary of the dividends for the month
- compares as follows:
1897. ' IS9B.
. Banks $ 506,800 $ 566.800
Insurance 32.000 32.000
Gas 98.275 99,875
Water..... 72.741 78.741
Railroad .-... 142.500 141.702
Fish 36,000 36,000
Sugar 12,500 25.000
Telephone 20.700 20.700
Mining ' 162.750 203.0, a
Miscellaneous 3.000 10.500
Total... $1,087,266 J1.219.593
In addition the local savings banks paid semi
annual dividends on capital stock and depolt s
during the month, amounting to about $2,000,
000 more.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATTRDAY, July SO— 10:30 a. m.
Bid.Ask. • Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds— Mutual El Co. — 11
Is quar coup.. llo^lll% Oakland Gas.. 51 61%
4b quar reg...110 111 Pac Gas Imp.. 87% —
4s quar new. . .127%125% Pac L Co 49% —
Miscellaneous— S F G A E... 87 87-*
Cal-st Cab 55. 112 — San Fran .... 3H 3Vt
Cal El 8s 126 — Stock Gas .... 13 —
C C Wat 55... 97 100 Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — SS^'Flrem's Fund. — 206
E L & P 65..125V4 — Bank Stocks—
F&CI Ry 65.. 115 — Anglo-Cal .... — 64
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Bank of Ca1.. 244 —
HC & S 6548..100 105 Cm SD & T.. — »7
L A L Co 6s. — 100 First Nat 200 —
Do gntd fis.. 97 101 Lon P & A.... 128 —
Market-st 65..125/4 — Mer Exchange 10 16
Do Ist M 55..114HH4H Nev Nat 8....165 —
Nat Vln 6s Ist*— 97V4 Savings Banks—
ft CNG Ry 78.104 V* — Ocr 8 & L..1560 1650
N Ry Cal 65.. 108 — Hum S & L.1060 1160
NRy Ctal 5b..102%103 Mutual S»v. — 42V4
N P C R R os. 130 102% 6 F Say U.. 480 —
NyC R R 65. 103 108 fi 4 L 50.... - 100
N Cal R R 56.102 102% Security S B 300 —
Oak Gas &«.... 100 — I Union T Co. looo —
Do 2d Is 55.. 108%— Street Railroad.—
Om Ry 6fi...».136%— California ....100 108
P & O Gs 107 — Geary 4fl —
P&CI Ry 65. 104% — Market-st .... 52% 53
Powell-st 6b...115» — Presidio 6% —
Reno WL&L..IOO — Powder-
Sac El Ry 55. 100 — California .... — 160
SF& N P 58.106% — E Dynamite... S5 95
SlerraßCal, 6s. — 103 Giant Con Co. 47Vi 47%
3Pof Ar 65.. 106 - Vlgnrit 2% 3%
S P Cal 6s — 110 Miscellaneous—
SPC Is eg 55.. 95 — Al Pac Assn.. 94% 95
3PBr Os 116 — Ocr Ld Wk5..125 —
S V Wat. 65. ..117% — Hana P C 0.... 15% 16
S V Wat 45... 103% — HC &S C 0... 35 25»4
Stock Gas 65.. 100 — Hutch S P Co. 53 63%
Water Stocks— Mer E,x Assm. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 50 — Xat Vln C 0... — 7
Marln Co 50 — Oceanic S Co. 55% —
Spring Valley. M% 99 Pac A F A.... 1% 2
Gas & Electric— iPae Bot C 0... .100 104
Cent Gaslight. los — .Par Paint Co. 7 —
Morning Session.
260 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 25 37%
60 do dp 25 12%
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 58 00
60 Market-street Railway 53 00
CO Oceanic Steamship Co 56 00
15 8 F Gas & Electric Co 87 75
21 Spring Valley Water 98 75
Street
lOC Pacific Aux Fire Alarm 1 75
30 Spring Valley WatPr 98 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 24 87%
10 do do 25 00
$4000 Spring Valley Water 4s 103 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Chollar 22 i cOO Justice 08
200 21 1 600 Mexican 16
600 Con Cal & Va.. 42 l&n Potosl 21
20f> Crown Point ... 10 100 Union Con 28
100 11 300 Yellow Jacket.. 35
100 Gould & Curry. 10
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alta 11 300 Ophir X
tOO Best & Belcher.. 20 200 25
3«0 19 200 38
210 22 500 Overman 08
200 23 400 Potosl 81
1000 Bullion 05 500 8 B & M 04
300 Chollar 22 150 Sierra Nevada... 58
200 Con Cal A Va.. 40 200 55
200 42 100 56
600 Crown Point 10 200 Union Con 29
300 , .. 12:200 28
SOO Gould & Curry.. 09 300 Yellow Jacket... 33
400 Justice 081
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, July 30—12 m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 05 06 Julia — 01
Alta 11 12 Justice 07 09
Andes 06 07 Kentuck 03 04
Belrher 18 19 Lady Wash ... — 02
Benton Con — 12 Mexican 16 17
Best & Belchor 18 20 Occidental 57 —
Bullion — 05 Ophlr 27 28
Calodenla 22 24 Overman OS 09
ChoUar 21 22lPotosl 21 22
Challenge Con. 20 24 Savage 14 15
Confidence ... 48 — Scorpion 01 —
Con Cal & Va. 42 44 8«g Belcher ... — 0C ■
Con Imperial .. — 03 Sierra Nevada. 54 55
Crown Point ..11 12 Silver Hill 04 05
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — 03
Eureka Con — 20 Standard 160 163
Exchequer — 03 Union Con 29 31
Gould & Curry. 09 101 Utah 07 08
Hale &Norcr». 60 — I Yellow Jacket. 34 36
. MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of ettocks during the week:
vipna
indes v •
llta ......... \.
richer ;
lest and Belcher
Million
Caledonia
Challenge
."hollar
'on. Cal. & Va
Confidence !
,'rown Point ...........
05
oe
v
19
19
rould & Curry.
lale &.Norcroßß
ustlce
itexlcan
)phlr
"i
I
22
20
22
43
48
12
10
60
09
16
28
08
. 57
21
14
overman
>cclilental
>oto*i
lavage
eff. Belcher
itandard
ierra Nevada
Tnlon
;tah
'ollow Jacket
....
i'.'j
1 60
54
30
08
85
BANK NOTES IN BIBLES.
It has happened not infrequently that
wealthy people of eccentric character
have chosen to conceal a portion of their
money in the family Bible, where It has
been discovered by chance long after
their decease.
A young nobleman who was In financial
difficulties some time since had occasion
to refer to the family Bible for a date
there recorded. Id so doing he came
across a number of Bank of England
notes, amounting collectively to a con
siderable sum. which more than met his
liabilities. Then he recalled his mother's
dying words that "help might be found
in the Bible when all other sources
failed." But he had paid small heed to
the injunction and certainly never
dreamed of so practical a fulfillment of
the words referred to.
A needy student purchased an Interest-
Ing old Bible from a second-hand book
seller's some years ago and was delighted
to discover banknotes to the value of
£1000 folded between the sacred pages.
Another ancient Bible was found to con
tain notes to the extent of £700. This was
owned by a prodigal sop, who lived for
many, years unconscious of the wealth
In his possession.
IBS CATi, OALEStJES.
m\y. tm.
"v"
v
<& .July 10.
jCSI K«w Mooa, •
w July, 11.
»
NOTICE TO MAKINERB.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained in Ban Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and th» latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matter*
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegrapblo signal r«
eeived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the bill was aroppea
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
in the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), U. S. N.. in charge.
BUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of Hiph and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to ban
Francisco Bty. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front "Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both placea.
SUNDAY, JULY 31.
Pun rises 5:12
Sun sets ........:....... < : - 9
Moon sets .3:08 a. . m.
or
SI-
H "W
3:.".
4:40
5:24
6:07
V Wi
. 0:14
— 1.0 l ll:in' 4.^
— l.Oi 11:48 4.
— 0.9; 12:34 4.'
— 0.6 i 12:59 5.i
!L! L W
5.T : 6:4S — 0.:
5.21 7.29 O.i
4.71 8:08 1.1
|H W
1:32
2:06
i 2:41
4:
9:31
10:26
11:21
L, W
7:' i2
7:57
R:55
G. 2
6.2
6.0
?.2
1.1
1.8
1.7
1.6
■ NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the lett
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to ttme. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column- the third tide
and the last or right hand column Rives the
last tide of th« day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on. the
United States : Coast Survey charts, except
When a minus sisn (— precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Wellington...... Departure Bay .......... July 30
TTmatillii (Victoria & Puget SoundlJuly 31
Washtenaw ITncoma July 31
Min»ola Tacoma Juiy 31
Samoa Seattle Ju y 31
Mackinaw Tacoma jJujy 31
Arcata Coos Bay July 31
Charles Nelson. Seattle July 31
Ruth........ 1 Portland |Julj- 31
Columbia Portland lAug. 1
Pomona 'San Diesro ..|Aut?. 1
Chllkat Humboldt Aug. 1
Ban Bias Panama Aug. 1
Humboldt St. Michael ..Aug. 1
LeeJanaw St. Michael I Aug. 1
Willamette Seattle ..'..- Aug. 1
Doric. Chlnn and Japan lAug. 2
Czarina Seattle Aug. 2
Bristol... Departure Bay I Aug. 2
Homer.'. | Newport Aug. 3
Nlngchow...:.. Departure Bay Aug. 3
T111am00k...... St. Michael Aug. 3
Grace Dollar... St. Michael Aug. 3
Crescent City... Crescent City Aug. 4
Orizaba 'Humboldt Aug. 4
State California Portland Aug. 5
Santa Rosa San Diego Aug. o
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Aug. o
Coos Bay ....Newport ...Aug. 7
Fulton Oregon Ports Aug. 8
San Juan ..Panama Aug. 8
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. sans. t-ier.
Orizaba .... Humboldt .... July 31. 10 ami Pier »
Coos Bay.. Newport (Aug. 1, 9 am : Pi»r 11
Arcata Coos Bay 'Aug. 2, 4 pmjPier 13
Columbia ..iPortland |Aug. 3. 10 amlPler I?
Chllkat ....'Humboldt ....!Aug. 3, Sampler 13
Pomona ....|San Dlpro !Aug. 3. 11 am, Pier 11
Portland ...St. Michael... iAur. 3. 2 pmS W 4
Aztoc China& JnpaniAu?. 4. 1 pnrPMSS
Vmatllla ..IVlc ft Pgt Sd. iAuf?. 4, 10 am Pier 9
Komer Newjx^rt ;Aug. 5. 9 am j Pier 11
Santa Rosa San Die*o....!Aug. 7. 11 am Pier 11
Ptate of Cal'Portland! I Aug. S. 10 am Pier 12
San Bias.. 'Panama 'Aug. 8,12 mIPMSS
Fulton [Orfgon Ports. Aug. 1». 8 ami Pier 20
Steamer.
Destination.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrngraphie Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. July
30. IS9S.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., In charge.
SHIPPING I.XTELUGEXCE,
ARRIVED.
Saturday, July 30.
Stmr Hueneme, Johnson, 56 hours from San
Diego. • J
Stm- Coqullle River, Johnson, 16 hours from
Fort Brapg.
Stmr Bonito, Nlcolson, 80 hours from New
port. ■'•■
Br • ship ■ Imberhprne, .. Leber, 46 days , from
Hongkong. • ' -
Ship Eclipse. Peterson, 6 days from Seat
tle.
Ship YOsemite, Gettenby, 8 days from Seat
tle.
Bktn S N Castle. Hubbard, 25 days from
Honolulu.
Bktn Quickstep, Hansen, 15 days from Port
Los Angeles.
Brig Courtney Ford, Murchlnson, 7 days from
Port Gamble.
Schr Edward Parke, Johnson, 3 days from
Ueal.
Schr Reliance. Benedikton. 18 hours from
Fish Rock.
CLEARED.
Saturday, July 30.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall,
ePrklns & Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, July 30.
Btmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego.
Btmr State of California. Thomas, Astoria.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, ; Crescent City.
Sttnr "Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria and
Port Townsend.
Ship Two Brothers, Wilson, Nanaimo.
Br ship Swanhilda. McKenzie. Taltal.
Br bark Gladys, Doorman, Chemainus.
Bark Alden Besse, Potter, Honolulu.
Schr Chas E Falk, Anderson, Eureka.
Schr Mary Etta. Nyman, FiskF Mill.
Schr Sacramento, Forest, • Needle Rock.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 30—10 p. Weather,
thick; wind, SW: velocity, 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Augusta loads lumber at Port Blakeley
for Valparaiso for orders; Garnet Hill, lumber
at Portland for 'Kiachou, £5 10s.
SPOKEN.
Per S N Castle-No date— Lat 29 33 N , long
157 18 W, bktn John Smith, from Chemainus,
lor Taku.
Per Imberhome— 24— Lat 28 21 X, long
131 20 E bark Pactolus. .
MEMORANDUM.
Per Bchr Rube L Richardson from Boston—
On Feb 22 at 10 a. m. in lat 31 51 N, long 48 38
38 W, Peter Bensen a native of Sweden, age
80 years was lost overboad and drowned.
MISCELLANEOUS..
MAZATLAN. July 15— Stmr Guaymas of the
Mexican, Occidental Railroad of Mexico foun
dered 40 miles north of Acapulco. She went
down gradually. The captain had sent one of
his boats to Acapul,co asking for help, but the
steamer sank out of sight before help came
Ail the passengers and crew with the ex
ception of one sailor who was drowned, are
' sale at San Geronimo.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— ArIved July 30— Schr John A
hence July 24. . '
PORT LUDLOW-Salled July Schr Comet
for San Pedro. '
VANCOUVER— SaiIed July 30— stmr War
rlmoo. for Sydney.
PORT TOWN SEND— Arrived Ju'.v 30-Schr T
D Leeds, from St Michael. " ov^ - nr J
PORT LOS ANGELES— July 2»— Ger
ship Pamasses, from Hamburg. July 30— Rtmr
Alcatrai, from ; etmr Greenwood hence
July 26. - ' •'- r: ..:,.
JpOßf TOWXSEND - Schr Llllebonne. from
N«rwport: A 8« July from St Michael
JU ' y Stmr "oSia,
H JuVv S « I ~ ArrlVe(i July 25 - Schr Conflanza
Honorulu * a " ed Jul 29 Bark Fresno, for
xionoiuiu.
EUREKA— SaiIed July 29— Br bark £££
for Shanghai: schr Je.sie Minor, for Ho'rSJu ft
HHi: t from I lSnd- OO n rrUed July > 3fr ~ Br 3STBfe
EAILSOAD T&AVEL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jane L- 1898, trains will run as follows:
•South-bound. I North-bound.
Passen- Mixed, Mixed I Paesen-
rf«n' J ur ? da y Sta- Sunday ' ger.
_^ally. ; Exc'pted tlons. Excpted Daily.
I. : ?S a m v :( % a m Stockton I 3:45 p m 5:40 pm
in in t I:S p m ' Merced " ° p m 3:53 p m
i? «o m S :M P m Fresno ; | 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11.35 a m 8:45 p m Hanford 7:46 am 1125 P m
,* : "P m H : 52 p m B'k'rsnd 2:30 a m 10:15 a m
__- m ' 7:50 p m Vlsalla 8:40 a m 12:65 p m
| Stopping at intermediate points as required."
Connections— Af Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation -and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 6
p. m. daily, excepting Sunday from San Fran-
cisco;, at Merced .with stages to and ■. from
Saelllngs. Coulterville. : Yosemlte. etc. : 7 also
with stage from Hornltos. Marlposa. etc. : at
Lankerehim with stage to and from Madera.
BOOST TmLPWS SCENIC RAILWAY.
, „ (Via Sausalli. Ferry.)
,eib* aye . San Francisco, commencing May V
Aogq '. t
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:46 and 6:16 p. m.
m Sundays— «:(><>, 9:00, 10:00. 11:80 a. m.. 1:45 and
t:tO p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1.
THOS r COOK ft so? A«entß. «M Mark**
1 «tre«t, Saa ffrancisco. -
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
SOIITIICKN I'AtiriC t'OMPAKT.
" • (PAOirio MTMTUM.') . '.A
Train* I«m« unit »rr due to nrrlT« At '
NAN n. »>< 1S« O.
(Main Line, Foot of MarUet Street)
leave — FnoM July 10, 1698. — areivb
•«:0»a Nile*, San Jose and Way Stations... *8:45;
7:OOa Ber.lcia, Sulsun and Sacramento.... 10i45a
'. :<IO a. Marys»llle. OroTiUo and Redding tlb
Woodland 3:43>
7:00 a Elmlrr.. Vac* ville and Ruuasey .. 8:4:i!>
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Nap*,
.- <aliit:g» ami Santa R05a.....;... 6ilsp
»:OOa Atlantic K.xprens, Ogilan and Fast.. Bi4!i
»i;i«a San .lose, Stockton, Valley Spring,
love, Sacramento, M.-.rvnvill^,
Chico, T»haina and Red 81uiT.... «:13p
i»:3Oa Peters, Oakdalenad Jameatowu.... 7xl!Jp
•!«:30a MUtoa «7:15p
i;:o>i« New Print K%pnm M<trced, Krfc_ fjgppfl
no, Uakersliold, Snnta 'vir ...a.
l.oi Angrlen, lVmtny, £1 Pa>sa,
New Orleans and Ki5t....... 6t43p
IO:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:43p
*l:OOr Sacramento i!i»er Steamers *»:O»i-
....... Ban Jose, Nilcsaad Way Station*... 10:15 a
2:00p LlTcrmore, Mendota, lKnwiii and
VUali* .T. 4:15?
....... Llvcraiore, San Jose, Nilea and Way
. Stations 110:13 a
4:00 i> Martinez. Han lUniO!:, Vallejo,
Ki'.jra. Callgtoga, JCI V'erano and
Santa Rosa .* •tin.
4i»Op Benioia, Vacarille, Wood
Knights Lauding, MarysTille, Oro-
Tllle and Sacramento 10:43 a
4:3t>p Nlles. San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7i 1 3 p
4 :8 Op Stockton and Lodi 12:15*
4:8 op Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
Mojare, Santa Jiarbara and Los
Ani;el«!«  ■. 7i4» a
4:SOp Martinez. Merced (Raymond for • •
Yosoraite) and Fresno 12:1
4taop Santa IV Kouto, Atlantic JUpress
■ for Mojavo and Kast 0:43 p
6:0« - Riiroi^an Mail, den and Kast 0-.4.1*
•«:(M»i- Vallejo 18:15p
«:«O|. llpytTiirdN. Nile* and San Jose 7z43a
t7i©Op Vail?jo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions t«:43p
8:«flp Ora-ou Cxiiri-Ka.Sarrniiienta, Marys-
vllle, 1:,.,1.1 ing, Portland, Pnget
> Soimdaml Knit 8:1»A
IS AN LKAM>rtO AND lIAV WARDS !.O<;*.:,.
• (Foot of Market Street.)
~«. 1 McTrose. Srinlnary Park, ( 7:15 a
2 : HH* KitfhlMirit, Klniiiurtit. t*»:t3\
1O.«JJ: San Unndro.Soalh San : 13*-
III:O«a l.Paii"iri>. Kstmliilo, ia-45p
ti2n»«iM \ Lorenzo, <lierrjr • ti:4sp
»3:0»p «nd . is:i3p
~t:tt*iv MayuiiroV t9>4Sp
7:OOp i Runs through to Nlles. 7:43p '
) t From Nileg \
(.OAST lU VISION (Narrow <;«nire).
(Foot of Market Street.) ' '
t?:43A Santa Cruz Kicuraion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations !S:O3p
8:15 a Newark. OiHi-rville. San Jo*e«Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Oniz and Way
Stations ' Bi3op
"2:13p Newark, CenterTiilo, San Jose, New : .
Almadeo, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations M O:3«a
4:13p San Jose, Glciwood& Way Stations 8:20 a
o4: l sp_Bmildcr Creek and Santa Cruz ji»:2<>A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from Silt mjiClSCO— Fiot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:1» 9:00 IJ:ooa.u. 11:00 *2:00 13:00
M:00 tS:OC •6:00i'.M..
rw>mOm»KD— Foot »fßro«dwaT.— "6:oo 8.-00 10:00 a.m.
112:00 *l:00 12:00 *3:00 11:00 '5:00 P.M.
AST DIVISION .UroadOaage).
(Third and Townnsnd Sts.)
•7:«Oa San Jose »n<l Way Stations (New •'
Alniaden Wednesdays only) l:30p
17:30 a Sunday Excursion for fiat Jose,
Stnta Crtiz, Pacific Grore and
. Principal Way Stations 1»:33p
• 9iooa San .lose, Tien I'inos, Shnta Cruz,
Pacific (!ro»e. Paso Hobles, San
Luis OMno. CJuodalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4iloi-
IH:4Oa San Jose And Way Stations *8:OOa
11-.SWa San Jose and Way Stations *6<33a
•2:451- San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose,
Gilroy, Hollister. Santa Crux,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacilic
(Jrore »I«:3«a
•3:30p San Jose and Way Stations *9:««>a
*4ilSr San Joaeand Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•3io«r San Jose and Principal Way Stations O:83a
5:30r San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 5:30p
O::iop San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
t11;45i- San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays exeentoA. 1 Sundays only, + Saturdays only
{ Sundays and Mondays. a Satordayi and Sunday*.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.. .12:35,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:00
and 11:30 p. m.
-SUNDAYS— S:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:M. 11:10 a. m. . 32:13,
3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays Extra trip* "it
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
5:00, 6:25 p. m. '
Between San Francisco and Sohuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave ' Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
June 29, '
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- I Week
Days. I days. Destination. ( days. | Days.
7:3o ami 8:00 am Ncvato, " 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:3o pmj 9:3? am Petaluma, . 6:lopm:lo:2sam
s:lo pm| o'lOOpm Santa Rosa.. 7:35 pm| 6:22pm
Fulton,
7:3oam Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyßerville,
3:30 pm I 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:85 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland and I 110:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| Uklah. [ 7:35pm; 6 22 pm
7:30 am; * 10:25 am
• • j 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:50 pm f • 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40am| B:4oam
and I
s:lopm s:oopm Glen Ellen. f 6:lo pm| 1:22
7:3B ami 8:00am| Sebastopol. |10:40am[10:23am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| | 7:35pm! 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
Berville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Spring?. KelFeyville, ■ Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-.,
side, Llerlev's. BucknellX Sanhedrin Heights.
Hullville, Booneville. Orr's Hot Springs. Men-
docino City. Fort Bragg, Westport. Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.," Chronicle bids.
A. W. FOSTER, -' 'R. X. RYAN. .
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
v" THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car*
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Time:
Leave San Franci9co.4:So p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.S.
Arrive Denver s:*> p. m., W.T.F.B.S.M.T.
Arrive Kan.a. C1ty..7:00 a. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
ffiS ft I^uls 6:18 p. m.. T.F.B.S.M.T.W
Arrive O.i««o !lW m.. T.F.S.S.M.T. Wf^
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason-
able Rates.
VOII WILL V COMFORTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa Fa.
SAN FUICISCO TICKT~ OFFICE— HI MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 158 L
Oakland Offiee— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— West Santa Clara Si.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, •8:00, »9:30. 11:00 a. m. ;
•1-45, 3:20, 4:00, 6:15, *6:00, 6:31) p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
P 'SUNDAYS— »9:00, •10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m.; 1:00,*1:45, *2:30, *4:00, 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a.m. does not run to San Rafael Sunday*.
6:30 p.m. does net run.to Mill Valley Sunday*.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— S:2f, »6:35, 7:5. 8:25, *9:50
! a m.; «12:20. 2:10. *3:40, 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday!
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, »S:00, »9:45. *10:43. M 1:45
a. m. :• 1:00, ■ 2:20, •3:30, »5:15, '6:00, 7:00 p. m. .
Trains marked • start from San Quentin: ■■ I
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCOJ
WEEK DAYS-5:45, 6*5. 7:55. 8:43, 10:l#
a. m.: 12:40. 2:25. 3:55. 4:55, 5:20 p. m. f
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday 1
and Saturdays at .7:00 p. m. '-
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10: 00, 11:10 a. m.; 12:05, 1:20. i
2:40. 3:55, i:3O, 6:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS." '
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'na.
5:15 p.' m. week days (Saturday excepted)—
males and way stations.
8:00 a. m ; — Cazadero and way sta'n3.
1:« p. m. Sundays— Point Beyes and ■w^jt Bta'n*.A
BINNIE AND NED IN CUBA.
(Sj-nopels of preceding chapter: B!nnf<* and
Ned of California, who will be recollected in
connection with the cruise of the yacht Cali
fornia to New Guinea, are In Cuba, on secret
'service for the United States. The preceding
chapter told how lilnnie narrowly escaped being
killed by a squad of Spanish soldiers He was
hit. but escaped after he Jia^J disabled two
Spanish sentries, rind he hen made his way
to a secret rendezvous, where he met Ned.
Binnie took from one of the sentries whom he
had disabled a lr.lninture of the Penorita Julia
and all a clph-T letter signed by Blanco, the
Spanish Captain General of Cuba. The letter
proved to be at once a paw for the bep.r.-r of it
and also an nrdT for the (leisure of Julia, for
r<-nsr>r.s which will appear more fully as the
Ptory Is developed. ll!nr.ie>and Ned lose no
time in giving notice to the Cuban girl of her
danger.)
CHAPTER IT.
THE Senorita Julia, a mere
girl, had only just turned her
r. Reared amid
peril and taught from
the time when firsl
a few words to think that her life was
consecrated to the task of helping to
secure freedom for Cuba, Bhe was at
once devoted and fearless. She was
slightly built, but Bhfi was as active as
a wild deer. Phe could plan as w<
any one of th* men and she could
keep a secret better. Early Bhe was
astir the day following the •
lated in the preceding chapter. Sh
heard the sound of the Spanish guns
when the Spanish soldiers were making
a target of Binnie. A faithful Cuban,
who had seen the entire hap]
from a hiding-plave, had hastened to
bring the news to her. Consequently
phe was expecting the Americans be
fore they arrived. She greet mJ them in
a business-like and brisk way. standing
In- th^ door of her cabin on the v.
mountain side:
"I am afraid you have made' a b id
mistake," she said to Birinie. "Now the
Spaniards will travel all through the
mountains and will not . while
there is a chance of finding you. They
will want to get you as prisoners more
perhaps than they will even me. If
PUZZLE— FIND LITTLE RED RIDING HOOD.
they should succeed in finding an In
former, some weak Cuban who will be
tray his native land either through
fear or for the sake of reward, they
will learn much."
"I had to fight or b* killed," answer
ered Binnie. . "There was no way for
me to successfully dodge them, (or
they had me surrounded and
THE PHILIPPINE MONKEYS AND THE BUMPKINS HAVE A VERY EXCITING BATTLE ON COCOANUT-MILK HILL.
were many against one. They were or
dered to take you away with them — "
"Take me away?"
Binnie produced the paper signed by
Blanco and slowly interpreted it to the
girl. Her eyes dashed and her cheeka
burned with anger, but she did not
speak for a few minutes after the truth
had fully appeared to her It whs clear
that her quick mind wu already form
ing a, plan and making a swift review
of all the circumstances.
Binnie also thought quickly and the
fearful position in which the Cuban girl
was placed was uppermost in his mind.
The Spaniards must not be permitted
to carry her away, so he thought. But
how could that be prevented? Thi "u
ban mountaineers were scattered ai d
poorly armed and they had not the mil
itary nee that their nearby
lab foes had.
"Never mind," thought out the stout
hearted and loyal California boy, "Ned
and I are two at least and the senorita
is brave. If we could rouse all our
friends there might be a chance to am
bush i
, friends that she can af
ford to lose to-day, 1 " broke Binnie in
upen the thoughts of the girl. "All the
irds need not go away if "
•■ No, no," said Julia decidedly,
"they must not be ambushed here. If
they should learn all the secrets of
these billa we would lose a place of ref
uge which is of greater value to the Cu
cause than is my single life. Were
Spaniards to die on the moun
tains others would come here to avenge
them. There are many spies abroad:
until all the mountaineers are
armed and In'"- the field, there are rea
why we Bhall noi call the atten
tion of our enemies to our section of
'What, then would you propose?"
"I will deliver myself Into their hands
and will even send a friend to seem
ingly act the part of a spy to betray
me. The sooner they find me the
sooner they may go their way; espe-
dally if they can be persuaded that you
have escaped."
"No, no!"
"Yes, you must let me go with the
Spanish butchers. I am not afraid
to do this much for Cuba in her
hour of trial, for which I have long
prepared. In the meantime, Binnie, I
will give to you our sacred secret, the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1898.
Edited By
David H. Walker
hiding-place of our guns and ammuni
tion. I trust you to remove these to ■
plan- of safety. When the patriots are
all ready to move they will look to you
as their leader — not to me."
Tears th:it she could not keep back
rolled down the girl's cheeks, for she
wns fully alive t'> the peril which her
determination would bring Upon h>r.
"It must not be, Julia. Fly while it
is yet time and leave the management
of the Spaniards to me," pleaded Bln
nle.
The girl faced him. her composure
entirely regained. "I have thought it
all out and my plan is the fo^st that
can be adopted."
'•But the Spaniards will possibly tor
ture you and throw you into prii
perhaps kill you when you refuse to
give up your sceret. That must not be.
We will make the best stand we can
here."
•What must be, must be. What hap
pens to me cannot be considered. I
will not I)- the first daughter of Cuba
to suiter for her native land: nor will
I be the last to manifest my love for
Cuba Libre."
At these words both the Americans
removed their hats in respect to the
brave girl.
"Blanco is brave," she went on, '"and
he will respect courage in n young
Cuban -Tirl. Rut— what is that 0 " .
The question found a speedy answer.
Th«> Spanish captain and his troopers
were on the trail. The hoofs of their
horses rattled over the bridge that
Bpanned a canyon a mile below the
cabin. A minute later u»e troopers
came into view, spurring their horses
to their best speed, while bi l and
foam dripped from the flanks of the
tortured animals.
"Go," commanded the girl, as she
stood in sight of the road, calmly await
ing, without a sign of fear upon her
handsome face, the oncoming foe.
There was no mistaking her com
mand. The two California boys
turned Into the forest after ;•. parting
promise to her that they would yet
bring Julia back to her mountain home
in triumph, if that were possible.
"Fearless I know you are, my
friends," said Julia; "now prove your
self as wist- as you are brave; and do
not change my plan throush your im
patience." She lvld out her hand,
which was pressed by liinnie and Ned.
Then the forest hid them securely.
The Spaniards ransacked the cabin
and nsk^d Julia many questions. She
answered ail good-naturedly, but told
the Spaniards nothing that they
wished to know. "Never mind, young
woman." said the Spanish captain,
"the captain general has a way to
make persons talk and toll him all
tlv ir secrets. Perhaps you will change
your mind after he has tried to per
suade you."
Julia understood this threat to mean
the dark dungeon of some Morro Cas-
tle or possible cruel punishment; but
Btill she smiled and would not tell. She
was placed upon a spare horse and
was taken away as a prisoner. The
Americans saw her depart, but they re
spected her wishes and judgment and
made no hostile move as the cavalcade
Bwept by them within easy range of
th< ir trusty rifles.
Two /lays later Binnie and Ned were
oncn more in the saddle. They had
found the long concealed arms ;iml am
munition — and now? They would sum-
mon the bravest among the Cuban
mountaineers and would follow the
Spaniards to rescue the sennrita fit any
cost. Well the lads knew all the paths
in the mountains, for often, by night
as well as by day, they had ridden has
tily through the mountain fastnesses
to call the Cubans together for drill or
for counsel.
"Halt!"
A tall, swarthy faced man stood in
the middle of the trail as they rode and
held his leveled rifle re^dy for use.
"Ostend!" Binsie almost shouted th«
name in his surprise.
"The same."
"Ami what brines you h»r<>?"
"The Ajnericmni are "ff the coast ol
Santiago in their ships and I am oom«
to command you bott) to proceed at
to Santiago on secret Bel Vice with
me."
"And wh;)t • toe? l '
M Y< v are to bring with you all the
Cubans you ran arm properly. 1 sup
pose that you h ;vt- th>- arms and th->
Boldlera now and that you have per
formed your work as well us when you
were in the heart of New Oulnea."
Binniu smiled at the thought of Now
Guinea and bo did Ned.
"What expedition are you now started
upon?" asked Mr. Ostend.
\"Th<' Bpanlarda have taken away the
Benorlta Julia, and we are gol
raise s party to rescue her, for she is
still on the road on the way to Santl
l pi '-r."
"Away then and at once. Then lose
no time In marching toward Santiago,
taking the direct road. 1 will m-->-i you
before :■ v i <<h the city and will In
struct you what to do. Be careful.
Blanco has offered a reward for your
lives."
PUZZLE— FIND THE MAN'S BROTHER.
Harry Ostend turned his horse and
was off in a whirlwind q£ dust.
A price upon their lives! Both boys
thought of this at once. With one im
pulse they turned and grasped hands.
••That means," Bald Binnie, "that we
are marked for the especial vengeance
of Blanco. But if he gets one he will
have to fight us both."
"That he will," responded Ned, earn
estly, "but we must be off, for the
Spaniards ride fast and do hot spare
their horses."
Hardly had the lads disappeared
around "a bend in the trail when
Ramon Ramirez, who had been se
cretly listening to all that had been
said and who had paid especial atten
tion to Harry Ostend, slipped from be
hind a clump of bushes and plodded
along, on foot, in the direction taken
by Mr. Ostend.
Ramirez had been considered to be
one of the trustiest of the Cuban pa
triots. His actions in this instance were
certainly suspicious. Was he a Span
ish spy?
In the gathering ciusk of early even
ing the Cuban mountaineers mot at the
rendezvous— the cabin of Julia. Pick
ets were posted, for the Spanish were
known to be more active than usual.
The young and the old men came to
the meeting place from all the sur
rounding country. Binnie had no dif
ficulty in securing a company of vol
unteers to follow the Spanish troopers.
Binnie judged that the time had now
arrived for the general uprising of the
mountaineers, and on the edge of start
ing on this perilous adventure he dis
closed the hiding place of the arms. So
before midnight the Cubans were on
their way to join the army of General
Calixto Garcia, who was in the Santi
ago province. But before this another
company moved. Binnie and Ned. ac
companied by Cuban troopers, hastened
down the mountain side. As they
wound through the canyon in
single file they heard, far up the moun
tain, the sound of a bugle and the
cheers of the Cubans for the "Ameri
canos."
The dawn of Cuban freedom seemed
nearer; but there was much suffering
to come before the dawn could be ush
ered in. The cheering mountaineers on
their way to join Garcia missed Ra
mirez. Where was he? D. H. W.
(To be continued.)
LOCAL NONSENSE VERSES.
BY MARGIE.
WHEN girls and boys are email
as fleas
And Market street is paved with
cheese;
When all the bay is lemonade
And Tamalpais of cake Is made;
When Lotta'i fountain takes a walk
And uttfi* and horses learn to talk;
When Alcatraz, a dumpling, floats, • '■
And mice wear bIK policemen's coats;
When the Park lake is nice ice cream;
When all the ocean turns to steam;
When small boys love to |O to school;
When fires are built to keep us cool;
When ferry boats run upsldo down;
Wl;*n sunburn makes the dolllts brown;
When little pirls .-ire never teased;
When teachers all the time seem pleased:
When chocolate creams fall 'stead of
dew;
When chickens grow rod, white and
blue;
When each lamppost's a randy stick
Which every child Is free to lick;
When houses have \vhit<» sugar walls
And trees bear sticky popcorn balls;
When tire engines pump milk and honey
And kittens' ears are used for money;
When there's no work— just only play
And life is MM "park holiday,"
Then we'll not — oh, no, we'll not.
Whether
the
old
school
Keeps
or
not!
LITTLE JOHNNY'S PICTURE.
BY JANIE REBECCA WARD.
JOHNNY was not quite five years
old when his mamma said to him
one morning: "My dear. If you
will be a good boy all the forenoon
and do not disturb me while I am
at work you may go over to Aunt
Jane's after dinner and have your pic
ture taken." Aunt Jane, was a photo
grapher, and J»hnny knew what that
meant. He thought it over and after
awhile said: "Mamma, may I have it
taken just as I want it? I mean, may
I Stand just as I please?" ,
"Yes," said mamma, "You may stand
just as you like."
"I am afraid," said Johnny, "that
auntie will not want me to do that."
They then agreed that mamma should
write a note telling Aunt Jane to allow
him to take whatever position he de
sired. Everybody laughed when they
saw the picture.
I do not believe you could guess how
Johnny had his picture taken. He just
stood straight up with his back to the
camera. There was the picture, but no
one could tell whether it was Johnny
or some other little boy. He said he
could see his face in a looking glass,
and he had often wondered how he
looked when he turned his back. It
was a long time before this little boy
heard the last of his queer picture. It
waa shown to so many people that he
finally. said: "Mamma, suppose we hide
that back picture?"
He then put it where it could not
easily be found, but did not destroy it.
WHERE THE BIRD WAS.
The other day a young woman was
ram Ming along over one of the Berkeley
roads. She was dressed smartly, she
thought, and when she met a small
bare-legged urchin carrying a bird's
nest with eggs in it she did not hesitate
to stop him. "You are a wicked boy,"
she said. "How could you rob that
nest? No doubt the noor mot"..er is now
grieving for the loss of her eggs." "Oh,
she don't care," replied the urchin, edg
ing away; "she's up on your hat."
Teacher — Thomas, illustrate the use
of the word "dozen."
Thomas — Mary dozen like school.
Teacher — Mary, correct, him.
Mary — I dozen, Tom don't. — Harper's
Round Table.
THE STORY
OF LADY LOREA
ONCE, Ion?: ago. In England, there
lived a beautiful little girl 5 years
old. Her large brown eyes, her
gulden curls, falling around her
pretty face, and a mouth shaped
like cupid's bow, that when Bhe laughed
showed a row of pearl-like teeth, made
the beautiful picture of our little hero
ine.
Her father was the Earl of Woodrlft
Castle. One look from his hcmedt blue
eyes would make one love him. Her
mothtr was also noble and hat.dsome.
PUZZLE— FIND THE MAN'S WIFE,
and when I have described her daugh
ter I have also described her, they
were so much alike in every way, and
both of the same loving disposition.
When the little girl was about one year
old the Earl lost his beautiful young
wife. When Lady Lorea's mother died
she left no relations except the hus
band and child. The Earl also had r.o
relatives left except his little daugh
ter.
Lorea would often climb on her
father's knee and ask about her mother
and wonder when she would meet her
In heaven, and often she would cry bit
terly when she would see other little
children clinging to their mothers and
think she had none to cling to.
Lorea had very queer ways, and
would often cheer her father when he
was sad with her odd little sayings.
One day, while in the garden playing
on the lawn, she saw on the street a
ragged little girl of her own age crying
bitterly. Lady Lorea ran to her side
and asked the reason of her sorrow.
The little girl was so much surprised
to hear one dressed so nicely speak to
her that she did not answer. Lorea
again asked her why she was crying,
and the little girl said that she had
been without food for a whole day and
was crying with hunger.
The tender-hearted little Lorea was
much touched by her story and told her
to come in and she would be taken care
of. She ran to her father with the lit
tle stranger. When she was passing
through the halls some of the servants
would step aside, for fear that their
garments might touch those of the rag
ged little urchin. Others said that Lady
Lorea was disgraceful to bring such a
child into the house, and some others
said that the Earl would be angry.
Lorea did not mind them. Her heart
was too full of good works. She knew
too well her father's kind heart to
think that he would disappoint her.
As she hurried through the grand
halls the other child seemed much
frightened with all the wonderful
things, as they seemed to her. At
last they arrived at the door of the li
brary, where her father sat, sad and
melancholy. When he saw Lorea he
ran to. her and kissed her;, but what
was his surprise when he saw standing
by her the little beggar child. What a
beautiful picture it made. He asked
Lorea what it meant, and she begged
that the little stranger might be al
lowed to remain. Her father said:
"Another of your queer thoughts; but,
however, if it is the wish of my dar
ling, It shall be granted."
Orders were given to the servants to
clean the little girl and feed her. After
she was clean she and Lorea ran into
the garden to play. Lorea asked her
name, and she said it was Leone.
She was quite a pretty child. When
she first came her eyes were wild and
hungry-looking, but after a while they
lost their wild look and became gentle
and mild. She had soft, black, curly
hair and a beautiful complexion. • At
first she was very timid and almost
afraid to speak, but very soon she got
used to the place and was net so timid.
She had a very sweet disposition and
soon made every one love her.
Larea and Leone ran into the garden
every day to play. They learned to love
each other very much and soon became
very good companions. One day after
about two years Leone caught a cold.
No one noticed it at first, but after a
while she became pale and thin. The
doctor was called and he said she had
quick consumption.
Lorea was very sad because her play
mate and sister, as she called her, was
failing so fast. She remained by her
side all the time. At last one day she
died. Lorea . was very . sad . for a long
BY LOUISA GUNNIP.
time and was often found alone crying
bitterly.
One day a short time after the death
of Leone Lorea and her father went for
a carriage ride. When they returned
they had tea together, then her father
went out for a stroll. Soon after news
came that the Earl had been shot by
some one with whom he had been deal
in? In political affairs and against
whom he had won, and therefore there
had been 111 feeling between them and
through it the Earl lost his life.
He was brought home dying and the
minute he got Into the house he called
for his little daughter. She ran to him.
threw her arms around his neck and
cried. The Earl was asked to make his
will and here is the way he did It. He
left all he had to a friend, whom he
trusted, until Lorea was eighteen. This
friend was to take care of Lorea until
that time. After this he called his little
girl t<> his Fide and told her to always
be kind and true.
Lorea's guardian had a beautiful lit
tle boy, beautiful In face, but not In
actions. He became Jealous of Lorea
and would run to his mother and tell
h.r tales about the little girl. His
mother was of course foolish enough to
believe everything he told her. She
soon began to have a hatred for Lorea
and did <-v< rything to make things <1 s
agreeable for her. Lorea had no friends
to help her, no matter what happened.
The woman knew that and for this rea
son she was not afraid to do whatever
she wanted to with the little orphan.
She soon took away all her grand
clothes and Instead of having maids to
wait on her she had to do all the work
herself and even wait on others. She
became so disheartened that she re
solved to run away. Said she,' "If I
must work and be a servant I'll do !t
where I will be thanked for It and at
least be content and happy."
Lorea worked and earned an honest
living. She fell In love with a young
man and he loved her. He was not
rich. He was a soldier and had just
enough to iive on and that was all.
They were married. A war broke out
and the soldier was forced to go to
war.
One day she was Just preparing to go
for a walk and the postman brought a
letter to her. What was her surprise
when on opening it she found that it
was her guardian who had written It
to her, begging her to come back again
While she was still beautiful she no
longer had on her cheeks the flush
of youth. Her guardian restored to her
the fortune which was hers. Soon after
her husband returred front the war and
they lived happily ever after.
THE PUZZLE PICTURES.
THE puzzle pictures are from the
Baltimore American. They are in
genious and not hard to make out
when you know how. The three
given this morning' are solved In
different ways. Any child who fails to
see the "man's brother" or the "man's
wife"can learn the location of the miss
ing persons by sending in a query to
this department. But do not give up
the hunt too readily.
THE SHEPHERD BOY.
BY VERA CHISHOLM.
On the mossy hillside
Where the tiny bluebells peep
A pretty little shepherd boy
Lies dreaming, in his sleep;
While his sheep are running round him
The sun sinks in the West,
And every little bee and bird
Has homeward gone to rest.
That's nothing for the shepherd boy—
His home is on the hill —
He slumbers softly to the sound
Of the wheel that turns the mill.
The liftte gentle shepherd boy
Is king of this demesne;
His subjects are the snowy sheep.
His throne the hillside grefn.
Sleep, thou, my tired shepherd boy,
Amongst the grasses tall-
Sleep while thy heart is full of Joy-
Sleep while the dewdrops fall;
The Shepherd of the heavenly sheep
Will o'er you faithful vigils keep.
3132
TREATMENT
OF CUBANS
Shafter Explains the
Acts of Garcia.
NO CAUSE FOR COMPLAINT
BUT THE CUBAN LEADER WANT-
ED TO BUN SANTIAGO*
Besldents of the Surrendered City
Are Haw Particularly Glad to
Be Under Uncle Sam's
Protect! on^
Special Dispatch to The CalL
WASHINGTON, July 30.— The War
Department has received the following:
"SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 29.—
Hon. R. A. Algrr, Secretary of War,
"Washington: Haw the Sun of Satur
day, July 23, in which comments are
made as to my treatment of General
Garcia. I desire to say that General
Garcia was invited by me personally
to go Into the city of Santiago at the
time I entered It, but he declined upon
the ground that the Spanish civil offi
cers were left in power. It was fully
explained thit those officers were con
tinued in power until it was convenient
to change them for others. General
Garcia's assistance to me has been
purely voluntary on his part, and he
was told at the beginning that 1 did
not exercise any control over him ex
cept he chose to allow. The trouble
with General Garcia was that he ex
pected to be placed in command at
this place; in other worJs, that we
would turn the city over to him. I
explained to him fully that we were
at war with Spain, and that the ques
tion of Cuban independence could not
be considered by me. Another griev
ance was that, finding that several
thousand men marched in without op
position from General Garcia, I ex
tended my own lines in front of him
and closed up the gap, as I saw that I
had to depend upon my own men for
any effective investment of this place.
"SHAFTER."
The differences which have arisen
between General Shafter and General
Garcia are not regarded by the war
officials as serious, and confidence is
expressed that they will be amicably
adjusted.
The dispatch is in entire accord with
Information previously received by the
AVar Department concerning the inci
dent to which General Shafter refers.
It is evident from General ohafter's dis
patch and from other War Department
officials that some of the statements in
General Garcia's letter to Shafter were
incorrect. It was the understanding of
the officials of the War Department
that General Garcia had been invited
to be present at the formalities attend
ing the surrender of Santiago, and this
understanding is corroborated by the
statements in General Shafter's dis
patch of to-day. General Shafter was
given an intimation that it might be
wise for him to make a statement of his
relations with Garcia which could be
given to the public, 90 that any mis
apprehension concerning those relations
which might exist should be corrected.
In response to this intimation Shafter
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CITY CHURCHES.
First Baptist, Edily street, near Jones.
Rev. E. A. Woods
Morning— "God's leadings." Evening—
Sung service and address on "The Mv- <
sic of Nature." <
German Baptist, Seventeenth and
streets.
Rev. H. L. Dietz
Morning— Sermon by the pastor.
— S.ong service and prayer.
Evening •
Emmanuel Baptist. Bartlett street.
Twenty-third.
Rev. J. G. Gibson
[ornlng — "My Joy."
Among Thieves."
Evening — "Fell •
Hamilton Square Baptist. Post street,
Stelner.
Rev. W. C.
lorning — "Denomlnationalism —Is It <
Right r* Evening— "Voioea From Na- <
both' a Vineyard." <
St. Agnes Church, Masonic avenue, bef
Page and Oak streets.
Rev. William P. Klrby
[—High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even- <
>Hpcrs and sermon by the pastor. <
)ng—
Bt. Charles Borromeo, Eighteenth and
well streets.
Father P. J.
Morning— High rnase and sermon at 11 <
o'clock. Evening— Vespers, benediction <
and a sermon. <
St. Brendan's, Fremont
streets.
and
Father Nugent
igh mass and sermon. Evening <
and benediction. <
St. Brigld's. Van Ness avenue and
way.
Father Cottle
rornlng— High mass at 10:80 o"clock.
Ing — Vespers and a sermon.
<
<
Church of Corpus Chrlstl. Alemany t
Croke streets.
Salrslan Fathers
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock and <
sermon by one of the priests of the.com- •
rnunlty In Italian. Evening— 4 o'clock, <
vespers and benediction. <
St. Charles, Twenty-fourth and
rtreets.
Father Cummlngs
— <
t— High mass at 10:80 o'clock. Even- <
espers and a sermon. <
St. Dominic's, Bush and Stelner streets.
Father J. Pious
Morning — High mass and sermon at 10:80 •
o'clock. Evening— Vespers and jermon.
i3t. Francis, Vallejo street and
avenue.
Father Carraher ..
Evening— Sermon by Father Carraher on <
the subject of "St. Francis and the <
Portiuncula." ■
All Hallows, Sixteenth avenue and N
Rev. D. O.
-High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even- •
mun and vespers. • <
St. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and
street.
Jesuit Fathers ..
[ornlng— Celebration of the feast of Igna- <
tius of Loyola and address by the Rev. <
D. Mahonoy. Evening— B ilerhn vespers i
and an address by Rev. Father Moeller.
St. James,
streets.
Twenty-third
and
Father P. R. Lynch
Morning -High mass and sermon at 11
o'clock.. Evening— Vespers, sermon and
benediction.
Bt. JosepWs. Tenth street, near Howard.
Father P. Scanlan
mass at v 10:30
an and vespers. „
oclock.
St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue
O'Farrell street.
Rev. J. Prendergast. V. O
[orulnß— llls Grace Archbishop Rlordan
vill iireach at the 11 o'clock mass. Even-
ing—Vespers, benediction and sermon.
St. Mary's Church. Callfornta and
streets'.
Paullst Fathers
on the Goepel at 11
— Vespers and nermon.
St. Patrtck*B, Mission street, near Third.
Father Gray
and high maps at 10:80
j— Vespers and a sermon.
6t. Paul's,
streotf.
Twenty-ninth
and
Father Connolly
Morning — Sermon by the pastor at
o'clock. Evening— VeajHTS.
11
8t« Peter and Paul, Fllhert and
streets.
Bale«lan Fathers.
r— High maea at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
'espers, benediction and sermon.
St. Peter's. Alabama street, near
fourth.
Father P. S. Casey
Morning— Sermon and high mass at 11 •
o'clock. Evenlhg— Vespers and sermon on
the Qospel.
Bt. Rose, Brannan street, near Fourth.
Father Nugent
moßs at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
and bent-diction.
of the Sea, Seventh avenue and
tx>s avenue.
Father Coyi*
-High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
spers and sermon by the pastor.
St. Teresa's, Tennesnee and Butte streets.
Father Browne
,g— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
'espers at 7:30 o'clock.
lr.g-
Oar Lady of Victories, Bush street,
Stockton.
Matiet Fathers
rorniruf— Sermon and high moss at 11
o'clock. Evening— Vespers, sermon and
benediction at 7:30 o'clock.
Camp Me»rttt. Old Bay District
Catholic Truth Society
-Military mans at 7:30 o'clock.
; — Rosary and benediction at 7i30
'clock.
Finrt Christian,
streets.
Mission
anil
Rev. F. 8. Ford
by Chaplain Leland of
isee Volunteers. Evening
vate M. — Williams of
i lowa Volunteers.
the First Tenness
—Sermon by Prlv
the Fifty-seventh
West Side Christian, Bush street.
Devlsadero.
Rev. W. A. Gardner
Service at 11
i by the pastor.
o'clock.
Bethany Congregational. Twenty-fifth
Bartlett streets.
r. W. C. Pond
xnon by the pastor. Evening-
be no service.
Bethlehem Congregational,
Twenty-fourth streets.
Vermont
'. W. H.
"My People Doth Not Consider,"
:— "How Shall We Escape if We
So Great Salvation?"
Richmond Congregational. Seventh
and Clement street.
Rev. P. Coombe
on by the pastor. Evening —
recital of prayer.
llvet Congregational. Seventeenth and
streets. ;,
Rev. H. T. Shepard
"A Voice From the Deep." Even-
aboth's Vineyard."
First Congregational,
streets.
Port
and
Rev. Q.
Adams
Morning— "Who Is My Neighbor?" Even-
j Ing— "Sons of God."
Fifteenth street.
Rev. William Rader ,
"The Portrait of a Pharisee."
;— Sermon by Rev. N. A. Water-
Chicago on "The Hand of God In
lltary History of the United
j
man of
the B M
States. 1
T. M. C. A.,
and Ellis street!.
Rev. William Rader
8 o'clock, patriotic mass meeting
ress by jpr. Radeii
sent the dispatch above quoted to Gen
eral Alger.
A difficulty arising out of the differ
ence between General Shafter and Gen
eral Garcia has arisen in Santiago.
The Spanish residents there have been
led to believe that Shafter'3 army is
to be ordered away from Santiago, af
ter the Spanish troops now prisoners
have been transported to Spain. This
has given rise to a fear in their minds
that they are to be left to the amen
ities of the Cubans. If they feared
tlie occupation of Santiago by the
American army, they are now doubly
fearful of the results of its departure.
Appeals have been made to General
Shafter not to withdraw the American
forces from Santiago and he has com
municated these appeals to the war of
ficials. Assurances have been given
to the people of Santiago by the War
Department through General Shafter
that this Government will stand
squarely by the terms of the Presi
dent's proclamation relative to the gov
ernment of the city and province.
A permanent military garrison for
Santiago, consisting of the First and
Second Immune Regiments, has been
provided and it will remain there even
if General Shafter's corps should be
withdrawn. These facts have been
communicated to the Spanish residents
of the city and have tended to allay
their alarm.
MANY CLAIMS FOR
LOSSES SUSTAINED
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 30.— A
feature of the situation here is the con
stant stream of native residents who
are presenting claims to the authori
ties here against the United States
Government fur losses sustained at the
hands of Cuban troops, damage to
property, robbery and plunder during
the last three years. These claims are
promptly returned with an expression
of regret.
All foreign orders for goods have
been countermanded. There is a dis
tinct sentiment here for the continua
tion of the occupation and the definite
establishment of an American protec
torate.
THE CHILDREN'S PLAYGROUND
Merchants Appreciate the Efforcs of
the Ladies' California Club
In That Matter.
The directors of the Merchants' Asso
ciation have expressed their appreciation
of the work of the ladies of the Califor
nia Club in the following letter, which
was sent out yesterday:
To the Ladles of the California Club: On
behalf of the Merchants' Association, the
board of directors desires to express to the
worthy members of your organization the high
appreciation felt for your noble effort* In
creating the first public playground In San
Francisco. During the past decade, play
grounds for children have been established in
many European and American cities; but It
was reserved for your commendable enthusiasm
to found the first public place In Ban Fran
cisco, where our deserving boys may, to their
hearts' content, solve the. vexed problem of
fun. exercise and health In the busy hive of
a commercial metropolis. Hoping that your
thoughtful example of caring for the too much
neglected period of childhood may prove a
source of emulation to our citizens, we re
main, with best wishes for the success of your
cause, sincerely yours.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS OP THE MER-
ANTS' ASSOCIATION.
Gomez Held to Answer.
Juan Gomez, a Spanish soldier, who
stabbed A_ Anderson, a fellow seaman,
on a recent trip of the Occidental, hn.s
been held by Commissioner Heaoock for
a rfhearing before the United States
Grand Jury.
Ir\depender\ce Lake.
Those registered at Independence I,ake
include: J. L. Hartnes and wife, C. Cas
per, San Franci.sco; W. J. Hall, W. S.
Williams, Sacramento; Mrs. W. Wilkin
son, Miss M. Wilkinson. Berkeley; Georjjo
James, W. F. Morrish, Oakland; Mollie
M&her, Mrs. Maher, Nevada City; C
Biggs. Mrs. E. Biggs. Miss A. Biggs, Har
old liiggrs, Mrs, Northrop, Grass Valley.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1898.
HALES.
nfgß \wsy ip>i p/j. ip^i iggrT*
yr^osT-RRoGßessiv^ (^^^^^^ fU ' . clean-up .. '■%1 7^&& U % »"^HBw- \W^
■ J¥ ■c/^?iDßV^Qao.s>woitse in r dark and light coi- •/^-O^^'m w -r^sßL
jf KLS (f ll iDß"* liy -' ill ore. regularly (■»,, !^^il^-^W*/M .
/ff v washiroods 813 c &c ' C^JySr WAfo l-A'***'
f QPhfinl Following out the policy laid down as good, plain, common- jb^ .tr^ W Lap^s HP^fe? 4^^ \k
7/ D Vj£x sense business sense, we have been cleaning up our broken o p v^4rr ec b tr K c.elS o rf:.. w ' t^. fl r: 9c Wd>^t\ W?fflf \' /V
(| Oil 11 IIS. stocks in every department Wo have not used the ( words (other item, m the Examiner.) A'-W^\j s s^C^ k -
IL, Here's a new department "clearance sale," "bargain" or "tremendous reductions. We / /^W^^^^f/yY
™ w^Tnt^Vird^: have simply left the prices as advertised to draw trade, and then map i M own Monday we offer <* Hat-, \j/iwW\s. iPNVi
ment shall effect econo- ,-., !'r7;' 10 !,., , r. , , r • i U Alieou mlwli UUWII Including the "Viola '(ft *)• \l 17, >'' |' \\ /■— N,^ *
SfcS ST^'Sr, IEgf'^STJSaJ'SS left .the goods to the judgment. of economical housewives. Jn S3"±H' «¥£ ™ lIJ\I IJ \ \>/N/f' W A\\
are offered to build up this new department, .ii tj * „._. rinff mfllfnnnrr rona," In black Xeapoli- n^-- A --•- It: , f|> ' 1 '7rfe'^*"\
slates «.-*«-«. Our prices and goods must be right, or why do we grow so? millinery. S&&£ \tJlJ<''^j£i*
SldleSt k^-- T vit «xIB Panama strawa. short backed sailors, and Cs^H\n /^- /t&Z&Bk V&*^
Single, noiseless \\ A r>e ,ls ,f,S «! ne f f> J-^^^ A » M niany $5, from hate to from JlO to to from &&&* wWl>S^Sk
Single, noiseless ,^ c ,75 ,?tS Hfi^t O U- eaPIV W to R from W 60 to W 80 aid $4 to |2M? >^%fz
Double ■•■ 100 14 * *"° ITS*! comforters B aie and the celebrated Knox block sailor th» T^^^v \^W\tl
11 t bletS aPPiVaI wIJIIIItJI IWI Sale "Campania." cut from %2 to »L ° 9 /d^^^>k ittwh M^W
Latter size, ruled for Ink, 35 leaves Comforters shipped right away; we're showing ttpm m mimnery opportunities to aava money. ~ XT- < ~^SJ&- *** 1\
gxio •••;•• .Jo our window— these we Intend to offer at the old price— wortny 01 „_ V
Note size, -ruled for ink 1 74 leaves 8x5.. Jo every housekeeper's attention. ■ /\:VSik.^^/' :v * > - >^ JaMiEj^
1*""1 *"" ™' c ° rl ••" S " "'"so *^«l^ . in Fibred Silkollne, 36x48 filled with • black VaCR- Extra hea^ wl<39 "^ (T'X^^W/^ 1 S TllNr^i V^
Note B l^'Vui4dfor'lnk 180 lea^, linen DaDy white cotton, at the very ■ close figure of UldLii Vttl/tt- wale black jaca- — f[l'.\ > 'T/^ ftatX I^N^N^
"ttf!^.* .. .' so comforts St er3 ' rtcher> Mle . d :. ! koU . ne .. Co " 50c tion serge. ■ g^ai^fcSt l^ Xvik?-->rMi/ils^^
exePCise bOOkS. Comforters, full size, covered ".to Flgung received J^i^s*soC M^S I^Mk lt\£^\
Stiff covers, 36 leaves, ruled 4o Ulq-0.^,. Bllkoline, white cotton filled i and wool ,OR f lf^^>4<V^^!»/^ \<S^£\ .
Stiff covers. 96 leaves, ruled Oo digger knotted— floral and arabesque pat- yoC Jf 1 r^l^r *
note bOOkS. CDITIC^S Another lot Full Size Figured CTATitc' Special purchase of ISO "T/ -•iifcJW^V /V^v |\— -^1- '
: '— -tiff co"er - • SUkolino or Chintz, wool knotted, fancy *»-25 fwrts. dozen Unlaunder-d Shirts. ' iHL\™ir
ruleFS. • S'™!«!^.!'™= d »>-25 shirts. double shoulden.. 4-ply dS&ttii BOX. W^ i
12-lnch 4c- r>ra«s bound .... Be better Full Size In Figured Bilkoline, wool knot- 81-50 linen bosoms, linen cuff-bands. lnQff« s'T^B^jttV /!'' <ffte-. i
W^k o\ c: n b eXo« er ::::::::: iK better t %^-^ c ,^ b ±.. ti : ] ** $1.50 - cry B i,e but m 35c J^^mfi f/j -^fe
economy o&fg&S&fSt.v*, ones ffiS^Jf^^'SlaSen I "^^ 4 , • • _ w *8F r *§ml<i\, *\5%
in One dozen lnsertej rubber 8 . ■• iSsX 72 -™ (note the size), veryfilO f\f% towels. 10 ° floz^n Huckaback A^)^-^^ l^' W- ?
in tipped lead pencils 8c f.Vll and fluffy ......«P^«"" LUWOI&. Towe i B . half bleach, size «> ' ff-, 1 \ •** 7
.-, One dozen cedar wood lead lUU anQ Ilull *,""'"' V.'"."" ' " 18x85, fine close weave, fringed, <t 1 .85 >-* 1^ I \ V ''^*i? 7 " V^fSSS
DeRCIIS. pencils , Bo An( j "there are others," f>M our tig window display proves. colored borders, one of our domes- <J>* — ■ -A^f^y y ' J \^ r i>L^t% S V" /
" w " v " ai "Old, Glory" red, -white ""■ tic "anaps" Dozen ,^KjT^\'^S* •dxfr^^/r-^'S' N-<-
and blue lead pencil 3o _ . _ rli->iner! l*n (ll^>s v iJ^K^^^r^^f lit J 1 >
liar! wood pencil box with lock and big |^ S -^4. vvriniCTC UC fi a * Up (Bee other "ems In th* Examiner.) V CTlf>^-^ 4 > All i *mm&*
Po^h^a pVncH^xriock-anTW^: iS purchase SHirt WaiSIS a factory. >^tCo-fd^J '^v>S«
Slat.- pencils, pncuKOil In wood, per Uoz.lOe , ... • fc r *-\ / i~ L ** VJ" •" v • vTviW\SiV»
Stap Stone Slate Pencils, per doa do;:: 5o We have Just t»ouf?ht out the balance ot> this season s shirt sheets. a l *rr n h v- ' w J ork , M i '«^ / 2J7-Q~~* P, lilJWti
Slate Pencils wrapped in flag, per doi.. 4c waists from an Eastern factory-216 dozen in, all; bought at oOc SlieetS. ?, z cr l Mills f «/^ \»,,' ,t / jrf«t|^Ww
School Crayons, one srosa liio Jri the dollar off manufacturer's cost. We buy tjß^lo^ - Ht«e a «^^MI«B2 $V / ' '? *£^S^S@^\^
X, i carry 'all the regulation echool San Francl«:o. Sacramento, Stockton, San dose, Wttdfk Ij^SraFßmP HP^
SCnOOI books and slate, strongly sewn and Salinas, Petaluma, Los Angelea. . '-fiw^^^^w^^^^^o^^^^^^^^S^^
bags. riveted with copper rivets, 23c shirt 7 c; c 50c. 'Q5 C hemmed g mi^ \ v fSi^^K^ > ]
ba^ s - ra r nTe w^^" ra^ und 28c shirt 7^ c 50c - 85c h M? mea "y mi; .'T^EJ PrS?V)
Canvae School Bag: with shoulder ptrap.2so %«_JV'« this lot in percales, «-F*-JW» pillOW- with 2 - inch i, 4 f~ "^^^^^^fTTvn) "^. *~*V
Colored fancy twine School Bag, lined. .150 -..-.l^-f- these are rich— tn lawns and grass and this lucky pur- .„„«- <4Olr» hem.at clean- .» rnrff ' - ■«■ — ' H C/s'C /s ' **"T *S Sc?^ 1 *
Jut« School Bag with a pocket :---'<> o WaiStS percale, lawn and cloths are ids., In chase enabled us to CaSGS 1Z 2 C. up prices. fiS^^^9 ( (^-«
Brownie Lunch Boxes, 6x6 lc. 2c and... 8c dimity; lawn sizes, al ; i ze3 ; there are Miv turkey reds, a* ?c ,«u prices. .^>^^BlB^iEg^s^ Sdi^SlJS^fJ'C' - •
'Br :,le I^unrli Boxes, 5x6 lOC 50C dimity; all Sizes, nlnk"j bth.vs ErtghttffVcts blaVk' 45x36 * 12^ C Cach -*i' %»I|fci ti^M' - I
■ 1^: 15ic 50C some with embroid- Sf^lfht^elESg; bright bWk 45x36 * l«*c each llliiL. ft«Wl\^l'l}
T l2-r^2d^B-Vn%h%. *^"nch b kS :250 en' insertion, others plain and pleated and white dots, 50x36- - 15c each {* 'ft/A <\ ' " M\\^JS^W^^^SiH
Book strans single 5c double «<>o «■« . » V. fronts, some with stripes and the Per- c . A- ._ . '// ''//'» /_ /A\, \ N^w«'W**¥^v*§s^§isk,^M
Sand satchel. lmHation alHgator. io On In the new Persian embroidery and oth- sian effect in all 54x36 - - ITc each V //, /V/^--^\ U vl.#4^^^^^^
Inches In olive shade sOc effects (something ers with that brosul sizes. These are the \L T_^- "^" lS "C'.\vs^'' I|h|u a^^^^^-*
Satchel Lunch Basket, very neat 25c x|-_ ljU B »ho PafqVv double effect in ewellest waists for r 7~~~'-i{ A%r»iA'S ■ Htm ■bT^^^
m .,, A .'_, , r TT Hie like , tne i aihie> cuffs and collars so even 75c that we've . \\"( % ; *-. Ml , /jfinA^i Wr •/ifel
tOUCh Children's Black Cotton Hose, shawl mother used strikingly now, self- seen this season. -. X>^ JJ ?<f i ' 'JXmtw&KL ''• ' »yj2
school Jn c •Q^Hty narrow ribbed. dollar. to wear); some have colored, detachable- fi»v/ \ O^\ "^
school Sizes I t h o r fl 9 '4. f.. ..'^f: 10c aollar. the new ' baby :- y y oke , collars/ ww© cu«s. \^^r\ v/^.
hosiery. Black Cotton Ho,e of «ne Ma- rufHed ami pleated p£OPLE-; LEavt J^7 W jJ/\W*M. Y^Jlli WT^
auroy ribbed, good, and elastic IQ^ Me collars, and tlie '<NATISFIFf>^iW%i /^^^l. W' W ; Wa\WulW/ W N >CVS
spliced heels end toes lliC. latest cuff. "^^A^vLJ^^ AU^^wt^ <^~- M S(!c! '■ \ \\' \\\ \\l\\\\a VV '/ T| S. -A
see our advertisement In the Examiner for other items.
HALES.
Plymouth Congregational, Post street,
Webster.
Rev. F. B. Cherington
by Rev. W. M. Jones of
rregational Church. Even-
Grace Episcopal, California and
streets.
Rev. R. C. Foute
service at 11 o'clock,
the rector.
Church of the Advent,
near Market.
Eleventh
Rev. J. A, Emery
by the Rt. Rev. William
hop of California.
F.
St. Luke's. Van Ness avenue and
street.
Rev. W. H. Moreland
Sermon by the rector. Evening—
by the Rev. Mr. Shaw.
6t. Cornelius Chapel, Presidio
Rev. D. O. Kelley
exercises for the
ion and instruc-
St. John the Evangelist. Fifteenth
near Valencia,
Rey. E. B. Spaulding
•7 o'clock, holy communion; 11
prayer and sermon. Evening—
and prayer.
t. Mary the Virgin. Union and
streets.
Rev. H. Parrish
■vice at 7:30 o'clock.
Instruction by the
rector.
Bt. Peter's Episcopal, Stockton and
streets.
Rev. M. D. Wilson
nlon service and sermon,
•ervice and the recital of
prayer.
St. Paul's Episcopal. California street.
Stelner.
Rev. W. Maxwell Rellly.
service and sermon at 11
ng— Sermon and song ser-
o'cloi
vice.
Trinity Episcopal, Bush and Gough
Rev. H. E. Cooke
n service at 7:30 o'clock,
and religious lnstruc-
German Evangelical Emmanuel
Twelfth and Stevenson streets.
Rev. F. W. Fischer
-"We Are Laborer? Together With
Evening— Go9pel sermon.
Bethel African M. E. Church, Powell
n«ar Jackson.
Rev. W. B.
lornlng— Sermon by Bishop W. J Galnes
on the subject of "God's Manner of
Love." Evening— Sermon by the same on
"The Sea Removed."
Central Methodist Episcopal Church, Mil
slon street, between Sixth and Seventh.
Rev. C. E. Locke
by the pastor. Evening-
First M. E. Church, Powell and
lngton streets.
Rev. W. S.
non by the pastor. Evening-
Instruction.
Fifteenth Avrr.ue M. E. Chnrch.
avenue south and P street.
Rev. EL Pearce
services at 11 o'clock,
by the pastor.
Grace Methodist Episcopal,
and Capp streets.
Rev. J. N.
lornlng— "The Essential and Abiding Ele-
ments of the Divine Life." Evening—
■■Historical Antecedents and Religious
Progress of Italy."
Howard Street M. E.
street, near Third.
Chnrch,
Rev. J. A. B.
torning— Divine Bervleis and a sermon by
the pastor at 11 o'clock. Evening— Ser-
mon and Instruction.
Potrero M.
streets.
E-,
Tennesse« and
Rev. D. W.
>n by the rector,
song service.
Evening
Richmond Methodist, Fourth avenue
Clement street.
Rev. G. W. Beatty
* will be held Indefinitely
avenue.
Simpson Memorial M. E. Chunch,
and Buchanan streets.
Rev. J. Stephens
"T^eThrone of Glory." Evening
le Providence In National At-
— " Div:
fairs."
Franklin Street Presbyterian. Franklin
Vallejo streets.
:
Rev. D. James
-'The Legacy , of a Godly Ancea-
''Neglected Privileges."
Calvary Presbyterian, Geary and
streets.
Rev. J. Hemphlll
by the pastor.
n»s Love."
Evening
First Presbyterian Church. Van Ness
nua and Sacramento street.
Rev. R. Mackenzie
Morning— by Rev. . E H J«nk*
S V^L n^;^ I " T ' O2O 2 £ y C*«P»«in Schlleman
of the Kansas Regiment. •
Memorial Presbrterian,
Railroad avenues.
Eighteenth
Rev. H. N. Bevler
services at 11 o"clock.
by the rector.
Mlspah Presbyterian, Harrison street.
Fifth.
Rev. F. A.
M^ el R<>l| 8 |o "s Service."
[ Evening— "Speaking to, the Heart."
Howard Presbyterian,
streets.
Oak and
Rev. F. R. Farrand
and prayer. Evening-
Gospel by the pastor.
Btewart Memorial U. P. Church,
street, near Twenty-third.
Rev. W. E. Dugan
a Triumphant."
of Ftre.' r
Evening—
Trinity Presbyterian. Twenty-second
Capp streets.
Rev. A. N. Carson
[ornlng-rMvine service and special sermon
pastor Evening-Sermon by the
Westminster Presbyterian, Pago and
stcr streets.
Rev. S. 8. Cryor
ion by Rev. E. W. Brown of
Evening— Same.
First United Presbyterian,
avenue and Polk street.
Golden
Rev. W. M. Clark
services at 11 o'clock,
by Dr. Clark.
Mrst Unitarian,
streets.
Geary
and
Rev. Dr. Stebbint,
g— Sunday school at 10 o'clock; Sab-
servlee at 11 o" clock.'
econd Unitarian, Twentieth and
streets.
Rev. J. A.
eierclses and sermon
St. Alban's Church. 102 CFarrell street
Rev. E. J. Van Deerlln
r, Eucharist and sermon,
isong and Instruction at 8
Universal Brotherhood, 819 Market street.
O. B. Woodruff
Practical and the Ideal."
Church of Jesu» Christ,
t -
■™""vffi
by Elder F. M. Sheehey.
ymmv^m^o
: 'S ■
:. :
HALES.
HALES.
The Germania Trust Company has no
tified the Eank Commissioners that It has
Increased its capital from $150,000 to $300,
000, and that it proposes to transact all
kinris of banking business. The bank ha 3
recently moved to this city from San Luis
Obispo, where it was known as the Cali
fornia Mortgage and Savings Bank.
As early as the year 47 B. C. the great
Alexandrian library contained over 40,
000 valuable books.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
.•■'♦ -f + + ■+' ;4'; 4' ++-f4- 4- -f -♦■ +4 O
•+:• ' ■• • •-• • - 4
4. • "THE CREDIT HOUSE." 4
4 Six Stories High. 4.
+ rr™~ i- —^l_ -♦-
i )S$S» -^i :
4. I 2s } ■14
t m x \pf rifl :
* /// / i®l
t//7 • ft "glsfcl t
4. >
4 Solid 1 Oak China Closet; 4-
+ glass front; a place to "*/
X put your table service
4- where it will be safe and 4-
♦ convenient. . . . $8.50 X
4 " : : 4"
4- ' Handsome Hungarian Table, with 4.
4 scalloped top and shelf; brass claw 4
4 feet; would look nice in any par- 4-
♦ lor $2.00 4
4-. The cheerfulness of Metal Bed s 4:
4" brightens the bedroom. This ap- "♦"
4 peals especially to the sick cham-, 4-
4- ber $2.75 ♦
■*" Something new for the hall. Green 4"
4" Oak Hat racks;' fancy shaped mirror, "*"
"4- and umbrella stand of course..sT.sO "*"
4. • •" ■ • ■ ■■■-•-^-" ' 4-
X Carpet Department. ♦
4-. ■ — — ■ — ■ 4-
4- Mouquette Rugs of fine design in +
4 soft harmonizing colors; 36x72 in ; 4*
4 while they 1a5t........... $2.75 .4-
4- You are invited to inspect, our Car- 4"
♦■ pet Department. Showing Carpets is 4
V a pleasure with us. . 4"
4- . 4-
a . Linen Warp Matting, for summer a
T. time, 20c yd.; Better grades, 30c, .*«
]" Free delivery in Oakland, Alameda Tt
4-. and Berkeley. -<f
X M.FRIEDMAN & CO. t>
itg 233-235-237 Post Street.
i Near Stockton. Open Evenings.
• * **k ** * *>+. M *: 4: *4; * •
HALES.
Another Bank Here.