VOLUME LXXXV.-NO. 9.
PHILIPPINES WILL
PROBABLY BE SOLD
PRESIDENT SAID TO BE
IN FA VOR OF THIS
COURSE.
JAPAN HAS ALREADY MADE AN OF
FER OF TWO HUNDRED MIL
LIONS FOR THE ARCHI
PELAGO.
NEW YORK, Dec. B.— A
Washington special to the
Herald says: In a conversation
yesterday between President Mc-
Kinley and a United States Sen
ator, I am informed, on the au
thority of the Senator, that the
President has apparently signi
fied his approval of the policy of
selling the Philippines. More
over, it was developed during the
conversation that at the proper
time a measure to this effect
would be introduced in the
Senate.
This Senator stated that Japan
had already offered $200,000,000
for the islands, and, though au
thority for this statement was not
forthcoming, the Senator said
that it was semi-official.
He favored, if such a thing
were necessary for the preserva
tion of the "balance of power."
the selling of a portion of the isl
ands to Great Britain, France.
Germany and Spain, leaving to
OBJECT LESSON IN
FEDERAL OWNERSHIP,
Found in the Telegraph Lines in the
Islands of Porto Rico
and Cuba.
WASHINGTON. Dec. B.— The situation
in Porto Rico promises to force on this
Government, for a time at least, the ex
periment of Federal ownership of tele
graph and telephone lines. The War De
j artment ; now controls all lines in Porto
Rico and in the evacuated sections of
Cuba. In both places the lines are being
repaired, and the Government is handling
commercial messages after Government
matter. The signal service in charge of
this work says it is too soon to draw con
clusions as tp the expense of the service,
as the cost for maintenance and long-de
layed repairs in just now more than the
Income from the lines. But in six months
from the Ist of January the signal service
expects to be able to furnish some inter
esting data as to the profit in the insular
wire service. This enforced object lesson
In Federal management is naturally ex
pected to have considerable influence in
the agitation for like control in this
Country.
GARCIA SERIOUSLY ILL.
Attacked With Pneumonia — Has Two
Physicians in Attendance.
WASHINGTON, Dec General Gar
cia' of the Cuban army, who has
been confined to his hotel for
some days, is announced to be quite
seriously sick. His illness has developed
Into pneumonia and two physicians are
In attendance. Because of his advanced
Birdseye View of the Nicaraguan Isthmus, Showing the Located Route of the Canal From Greytown. on the Atlantic Coast, to Ochoa and Thence by the San Juan
River, Lake Nicaragua and the Western Division to Brito, on the Pacific Coast, a Total Distance of 169 Miles, of Which 31 Miles on the Eastern Side
• and 17 Miles on the Western Side Are to Be Canal Construction Proper.
The San Francisco Call
these nations the problem of
properly governing the people of
the archipelago. Such a measure,
it was stated, would not probably
be introduced during this session
of Congress, but would be ma
turely considered pending the
military regime, which would
continue until the meeting of the
Fifty-sixth Congress.
It was urged that the holding
of the Philippines by the United
States would only demonstrate
the inconsistency of this country
in insisting upon the Monroe
dQctrine, and that their sale
would keep the doctrine intact,
preserving the Western Hemis
phere from the occupation of for
eign powers.
It was believed by the Senator
that this proposition would com
mand strong support in the coun
try, a proviso being always that
the United States should retain
as a naval station the island of
Luzon.
age, 62 years, the outcome is viewed with
some apprehension.
TAMASESE WILL BE
NOMINATED KING
The Question of Selecting a Nominal
Ruler for Samoa Yet Caus
ing Strife.
AUCKLAND, N. Z., Dec. B.— The fol
lowing advices were received here Prom
Samoa: The supporters of Mataafa hav
ing elected a King, certain chiefs lodged
a caveat, which the Chief Justice decid
ed in their favor. It is now understood
that Tamasese will be nominated.
ASK AN INVESTIGATION
OF INDIAN SCHOOLS
Petition Presented to the House and
Senate From Archbishops of the
Catholic Church.
WASHINGTON, Dec. B.— Cardinal Gib
bons, In behalf of himself and the Arch
bishops of the Catholic church in Ameri
ca, has submitted a petition to Congress
asking that the question of the contract
school system be reopened and that Con
gress again go over the whole subject of
Indian education. The petition sets forth
at length the history of the Indian school
question and the legislation applying to
it up to the recent provisions In a bill
looking to the gradual discontinuance of
Government aid to sectarian schools.
The petition asks that a Congressional
inc4uiry be made In place of the depart
mental inquiries, in order that the merits
and defects of contract schools and Gov
THE NICARACUAN CANAL.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1898.
eminent schools may be shown and "not
kept" as a secret of state concealed In
the flies of any department or bureau."
• The 'petition was presented by Repre
sentative Mclntyre of -Baltimore.- and was
referred to the House Indian.Affairs Com
mittee, which, is now ■ preparing -the In
dian appropriation bill. Senator Gorman
presented a similar petition In the Senate.
Representative Sherman, chairman of
the House Committee on Indian Affairs,
is in favor of granting the prayer that
an Investigation be made. He is of the
opinion that as the Catholic church has
made large expenditures for Indian edu
cation in the erection of buildings, etc.,
it is fair that Congress should know the
exact 'condition of things. Mr. Sherman
said? that : he probably would take some
action to bring about. such an Investiga
tion, but not for some time yet. r '■?;):+
.«.
SUPPORT OF MILITARY AND
NAVAL ESTABLISHMENTS
Passage of the Urgent Deficiency
Bill Practically Without Op
position.
WASHINGTON, Dec. B.— The urgent de
ficiency bill to provide for the support of
the military' and naval establishments was
passed by the House to-day, practically
without opposition. A fear had been ex
pressed that the measure might open up
a prolonged debate upon the conduct of
the war, but the Democratic leaders de
cided that such a debate would properly
come later upon the regular appropria
tion bills or upon the bill for the reorgan
ization of the army. There was not a
word of criticism of the war during the
debate. The only point upon which an
Issue was raised to-day was as to whether
the bill, providing, as it does, for the pay
of the volunteers until July 1, 1899, might
not be construed as a modification of the
law under which the volunteers were mus
tered into service.
Mcßae of Arkansas offered an amend
ment providing that it should not be so
construed, and upon it there was a gen
eral discussion as to the advisability of
mustering out the volunteers before the
regular army was increased.
Cannon finally accepted the Mcßae
amendment, and that removed the only
shadow of opposition to the bill. A num
ber of amendments were adopted upon
the recommendation of the Appropria
tions Committee, which received soma
supplemental estimates after the bill was
prepared. The largest of these was an
item of $3,000,000 for an emergency fund
for the War Department, $578,000 for th«»
Ordnance Department, increasing th*>
amount carried by the bill to $rt&,859.592.
The conference report upon the bill to
render the sureties of Consuls. Vice
Consuls and Consular Agents liable for
damages In suit at law was adopted.
The House adjourned over until Mon
day to give the committees an opportunity
to work without interruption.
HOBSON NAMED AS
NAVAL CONSTRUCTOR
The Hero of the Merrimac Among
Those Nominated for Office by
the President
WASHINGTON, Dec. &.— The President
to-day sent these nominations to the Sen
ate:
Assistant Naval Constructor Richmond
P. Hobson to be naval constructor.
Also a large number of appointments
under the head of Interior and a number
of promotions in the navy which have
been heretofore announced.
Likewise the following appointments of
Postmasters: California— Samuel J. Brunn
at Stanford. Idaho — Robert N. Dunn at
Wallace. Oregon— Samuel S. Train at Al
bany. Washington — Lloyd Dubols, Van
couver.
Nav> —Citizens to be assistant surgeons:
D. G. Beebe of Minnesota; W. M. Garton
of Iowa; F. F. McCullogh of California;
W. H. Bell of Wisconsin; -H. C. Curl of
California; W. L. Bell of California.
M. A. Skinner of Illinois, to be pro
fessor of mathematics.
R. H. Rousseau of Pennsylvania, to be
civil engineer.
BANKRUPTCY LAW UPHELD.
But Judge Seaman Divests State
Courts of Jurisdiction.
MILWAUKEE, Dec. B.— Judge Seaman
upholds the Federal bankruptcy law and
declares In an opinion filed to-day that It
divests the State courts entirely of the
jurisdiction in insolvency cases. Judge
Sutherland of the Superior Court held a
few days ago that he had exclusive juris
diction of insolvency proceedings com
menced before him before the commence
ment of the proceedings in the Federal
courts. Judge Seaman declares that the
State courts are absolutely without juris
diction in such matters.
TREATY IS
READY FOR
SIGNING
It Adheres Strictly to
the Protocol Pro
posals.
TOOK LONGER THAN THE WAR
Spaniards Embittered and Crest
fallen Over the Results
of Their Work.
Fpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Dec. B.— The United States
and Spanish Peace Commissioners con
cluded their work to-day and finally
settled the terms of tire treaty of peace.
They will meet once more in formal
session on Saturday or Monday next,
wh^n the Spanish Commissioners, sor
rowfully, and the Americans, with feel
ings of relief, will write their signatures
upon the document which embodies the
results of the war and the preparation
of which has consumed eleven weeks,
a longer time than the war itself. In
the meantime the treaty will be en
grossed under the supervision of Mr.
Moore and Senor Ojeda, the secretaries
of the respective commissions.
The Spaniards are exceedingly bitter
over the result, though observing the
forms of friendliness and courtesy.
Montero Rios, whose strong and per-
Bistent struggle to save for his country
every possible asset from the wreck of
her colonial empire has cemmanded
the respect and admiration of his op
ponents, went from the council cham
ber to-day to his bed in a state of com
plete collapse, as a result of the long
strain and his chagrin over the small
fruits of his efforts.
Senor Ojeda has been prostrated since
yesterday and was unable to attend the
joint session to-day.
The . Spaniards charge equal blame
upon the European powers and the
United States for their downfall. One
of the Spanish Commissioners said this
evening: "The European nations have
made a great mistake in deserting
Spain and leaving her to spoliation by
the brute force of a conscienceless
giant. They all know that in the Phil
ippines Amftf.ca has takm moix* than
she can digest. She will ultimately sell
the islands to England or Germany and
when the transfer is made they will
precipitate a general European strife.
We have refused to sell any island in
the Carolines. We never thought of
considering an offer. Nor have we con
sented to negotiate upon any questions
except those directly involved in the
protocol signed at Washington."
Judge Day said to-day: "We have
settled all the points on which we can
agree. It only remains to engross and
sign the treaty. That will be done in
two or three days."
CONTAINS LITTLE
OUTSIDE THE PROTOCOL
PARIS, Dec. B.— The members of the
commissions say the treaty will contain
little outside the scope of the Washing
ton protocol and the matters directly
based thereon, like the provisions for
the evacuation of the ceded territories,
the t/ansfer of public property therein
and guarantees of the safety of the
property and rights of the Spanish citi
zens remaining there.
The details of the last class of ques
tions covered by the statement which
the Americans handed to Senor Mon
tero Rios at the last meeting, were con
sidered to-day, but all the commission
ers refuse to divulge the details of the
conference. Several points upon which
they were unable to agree were left
PRAYER DROVE
HER TO DEATH
open for diplomatic negotiations.
The Spaniards refuse to admit that
they had failed to respect former treat
ies guaranteeing religious freedom in
the Caroline Islands or that there was a
necessity for new guarantees.
The conclusion of the worx was, ac
cording to the commissioners, marked
by politeness and all outward evidences
of good feelir.g and relief at the fact
that the task was accomplished.
WILL AGUINALDO
SURRENDER PRISONERS?
NEW YORK, Dec. B.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: A report was current here to
night that Aguihaldo, the insurgent
leader in the Philippines, had refused
the request of General Otis to release
the friars held by him as prisoners of
war. Secretary Alger, whom I saw. de
clared there was not a word of truth
1 nthe report, and that he had received
no such information from General Otis
and he appears to be confident the
rebel leader wll surrender the prisoners
now that peace is practically concluded.
DIPLOMATIC CONTEST
WITH FRANCE NEXT
PARIS, Dec. B.— Diplomatic circles in j
Paris predict, as one of the results of
the Spanish-American treaty, a diplo- '
matlc contest between France and the
United States, which will have an im
portant chapter in history.
The French Government is reported
to have resolved to take up the case of
the French holders of Cuban bonds, and
it is believed France will declare that
the .repudiation of the bonds is the re
sult of the treaty which the victorious
nation imposed upon Spain. It is ar
gued that, through the treaty, respon
sibility has been shifted upon America,
and, therefore, the French Government
will endeavor to exact some pledge for
the payment or guarantee of the bonds.
/// Health Causes Suicide.
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. B.— This afternoon
M. Silva committed suicide at his home
in Ben Lomond by shoootlng himself
through the head. The cause was ill
health. He was a native of California,
aged 33.
SEQUEL TO MAGDA
LEN A WITTMEIER'S
SUICIDE.
HAUNTED BY THE TERRIBLE VOW
OF THE WOMAN SHE HAD
ROBBED OF HUSBAND AND
HOME.
Prayed to death by the woman she had
robbed of husband and home.
The Coroner's jury has returned a ver
dict of suicide, but there are some who,
knowing all the circumstances, look be
yond the emptied bottle of strychnine
found beside the body of Magdalena Witt
meier, and see the answer to the pray
ers of the discarded wife of the late
"Bottle Meier."
For Bertha Wittmeier, or, as she is now
known, Bertha Bockman, made a vow
MRS. BOOKMAN AND THE WOMAN SHE SWORE:
TO f*RA V TO DEA TH.
that widow of her former husband
would die within two years, and within
a month of the expiration of that period
her enemy dies apparently by her own
hand, but without any known reason for
ending: her life. Moreover, there were
circumstances attending the finding ot
her body in her apartments at 515 Pacific
street last Tuesday morning that are dif
ficult of explanation.
For instance, the woman was found
with her hands folded across her breast,
which In itself was remarkable, for phy
sicians will tell you that ordinarily per
sons who die from strychnine poisoning
pass away in frightful convulsions, their
features distorted and limbs and body
drawn into most unnatural positions.
That the dead woman was aware of
Bertha Bookman's threat to "pray" her
to death is certain, for the threat was
first made in the presence of friends who
repeated the terrible old woman's words
to the intended victim. That it made a
deep Impression was manifested by vari
ous acts of Mrs. Wittmeier during the
twenty-three months prior to her death.
Mrs. Bockman is not present to tell of
the wrongs she has suffered at the hands
of the woman she swore to pray to death.
A month ago the rooms on Seventh street
near Adeline, in Oakland, she had occu
pied with her son by her marriage to
Bockman were vacated and nobody can
be found who knows where she is now.
To some of her neighbors she said she
was going to Arizona, She told others
she intended to remove to Idaho, while
one family with whom she was on terms
of intimacy has since received informa
tion that Mrs. Bockman is now in San
Francisco. Her son, George Wittmeier.
who lives in Alameda, has no knowledge
of his mother's whereabouts more than
that she told him she was going to Ari
zona.
The other son, Frank, gave up his po
sition with David Kerr & Co. in this city
about a month ago, and this fact would
indicate that he and his mother have left
this vicinity. She was not an agreeable
person, and her neighbors rejoiced when
she betook herself to parts unknown,
leaving only the tradespeople in the vi
cinity to mourn her departure, their grief
being due to sundry unliquidated bills.
The life story of the first Mrs. Witt
meier is full of pathos. Landing in New
York some thirty-five years ago she en
tered service as a domestic, and at the
house of a mutual friend, who had come
from the same part of Germany as her
self, she met John Wittmeier, a sturdy
young German, working at his trade as a
hatter. It was a case of love at first
eight, and within a year the pretty frau
lefn—for she was pretty then — and the
stout young hatter were married.
They were both of a frugal yet specu
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
lative disposition, and as soon as they had
saved money enough the husband came
to California, hoping to pick up gold in
the streets, as people were supposed to
do in those days. Fortune did not smile
on him, however, for Instead of making
money he lost what little he had brought
with him. and fell sick besides— so sick
that he was removed to a hospital, and
word was sent to the waiting wife that
he could not recover.
Mrs. Wittmier decided that if she were
near her husband he would weather the
storm, and Bjae straightway made the
rounds of her acquaintances in New York,
and by borrowing' a little from each man
aged to raise sufficient means to bring
her to San Francisco.
Arriving here, penniless and friendless,
after comforting her husband by her
presence, she tried to find employment;
but at last, in despair of securing any-
thing better, she was obliged to take In
washing for some wealthy families.
She prospered from the start— so much
that she was soon able to give her hus
band the best of medical attendance and
care, and it was not many months before
he was discharged from the hospital a
well man, his recovery being, the physi
cians in attendance said, almost a mira
cle, and entirely due to the influence of
his young wife's constant devotion and
self-sacrificing love. When he returned
to active life he found a son as well as a
wife awaiting him, for a child had been
born shortly after Mrs. Wittmeier's ar
rival in California, and the father and
mother had an incentive to Industry in
the person of their baby boy.
For some months the husband was en
forcedly idle, and tried to regain the
strength he had lost, but meanwhile the
bit of "hand wash" had grown into a
laundry and Mrs. Wittmeler was, by close
attention to business ana good work,
making money rapidly. At last John
Wlttmeier obtained work as a porter in
a hotel down on the water front. Later
he bought out a saloon on Pacific street
and, aided by his wife's efforts, soon made
it the popular resort of the seafaring
men. The name • \dotUe Meier" was
given to the proprietor because of hia
being the first one on the coast to bottle
his beer and sell it in that form to his
customers.
For a time peace reigned in the Witt
meier houehold. The husband and wife
were both engrossed in money making and
all went well with them until Mrs. Witt
meier, finding herself unable to attend to
the demands of both business and home,
engaged a pretty German girl as a house
servant.
That servant girl was the woman who
was found dead last Tuesday.
From that day trouble began In the
Wlttraeier household. "Bottle Meier"
fell in love with the buxom servant girl,
and the hard working wife soon found
herself relegated to second place in the
household. Sent on some pretext or an
other to Germany Mrs. Wittmeier re
turned to find "Lena's" personal belong
ings lying about Mr. Wittmeier's room
with an unpleasing appearance of famili
arity and habituance, and a divorce suit
was the result.
Mrs. Wittmeier won her case and a
large share of the community property,
together with the custody of George, the
only child. Shortly after the decree was
granted Lena and Mr. Wittmeier were
married and kept on serenely making
money at the old stand. For nearly
twenty years Mrs. Wittmeier No. 2 and
her spouse prospered; and then one day,
Continued on Second Page.2
ANARCHY
THREATENS
CHICAGO
INTENSE EXCITEMENT OVER
STREET RAILWAY FRAN
CHISES.
PEOPLE PARADING THE STREETS WITH
HANGMAN'S NOOSES TO TERRIFY
ALDERMEN.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Dee. S.— This city seems
to be on the eve of a convulsion
that. If brought to the issue
sought by the promoters, cannot
but result in violent disorder, in
volving murder, arson and rapine.
At the extra session of the State Leg
islature held at Springfield last winter
a law known as the Allen law was
passed, giving Common Councils of
cities power to grant to street railway
companies franchises running fifty
years, providing mutual agreement re
garding compensation could be reached.
Inder this law local traction compa
nies caused, at the last meeting of the
Council, to be introduced an ordinance
extending franchises to the limit and
offering what they deemed to be a fair
compensation. This has brought on a
storm of denunciatory disapproval from
the Tribune, Times-Herald, Record,
News and Post. While the law was
pending in the Legislature the papers
named protested vigorously against its
passage and denounced Senators and
Representatives who voted for it and
the Governor who signed it in terms of
unmeasured violence.
Mayor Harrison, whose private secre- j
tary was formerly an editorial writer I
on the Times-Herald, is opposed to
the passage of the ordinance, and in an
Interview Tuesday said he wanted 150.
000 men to surround the City Hall next
Monday night and, if the ordinance
was approved, to wreak summary ven
geance tipon the Aldermen voting in
favor of the measure.
This interview was published by the
papers named and each had an editorial
commending the Mayor and urging the
carrying out of his plan. This has been
kept up since till the minds of the great
PRAYER DROVE
. HER TO DEATH
Continued from First Page.
quite unexpectedly Wtttmeler died. Lena,
or Magdalena. as she preferred to be called
In her later years, was tne sole legatee
mentioned in his will, which left her the
unhampered inheritor of nearly $30,000.
She mourned for her husband becomingly
and properly, but before she could settle
down to the enjoyment of her comfort
able bequest i.or peace was disturbed by
a suit instituted by George Wittrneier,
now grown to manhood's estate, and de
termined to assert what he considered Ms
1 Though his mother had secured a di
vorce he claimed that he was entitled to
a share of the property as the lawful and
acknowledged son of the deceased. The
battle was long and hard fought, but Lena
had the most money and she triumphed
Incidentally, during the trial. It came
out that the first- Mrs. Wittmeier, since
the divorce which separated her from
her first husband, had assumed the bonds
of matrimony with five other men. Her
appearance at the trial, a hard faced,
wrinkled, loud mouthed harridan, with an
unenviable record, and a red wig. the lat
ter considerably ton small for her, did
not a little to damage her son's cause. It
was vain for George's lawyers to argue
that the heartless conduct of Wittmeier
had been the first cause of the trans
formation which had occurred since the
days that she only stole time from her
washtub sufficient to visit his bedside and
nurse him back to health and strength.
The verdict of the Jury was against the
son. who has always been, under all cir
cumstances, the Idol of his mother's ex
istence. She heard the decision silently
and left the courtroom as one dazed. On
the corner she stood for a few minutes in
utter silence. Then she raised her head
and looked at the little group which had
followed her.
"She got my husband away from me."
Bhe said, "and now she has got my son's
money away from him. Let her be happy
while' she ran; it will do her no good. She
■will not live two years to enjoy It. I will
prny and I will pray. I have prayed
against my enemies before and I have al
ways got the best of them. I will pray
new. and with my whole heart and soul,
and you will see. Before two years have
passed Magdelena Wittmeler, the thief
who stole my husband and my son's In
heritance, will be dead."
She said the same thing in Oakland,
with a wild force of gesture and a light in
her eyes that struck terror to the timid
hearted who listened to her. And she said
the same thing to Magdelena herself once
when she met her by accident on Pacific
street one day, when shn had come across
the bay to visit a friend.
And, queerly enough, from the day the
verdict was rendered which cut the only
child of the dead man off with a mere
•'sop to Cerberus" I^ena's fortunes grew
worse and worse. Her lawyer's fees ate
up much of her ready money; then she
felt it necessary to resume business in
the old '"Bottle Meier" establishment to
keep up her Income. She lacked the pru
dence and foresight to conduct the busi
ness properly alone,, and she formed dis
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Artistic
Royal Teplitz Ornaments
In brown shades, decorated
with raised flowers and gold
tracings. Latest shapes
Jugs, Pitchers, Vases,
Flower Holders, every-
thiig that's attractive
Effective prices
Great America n ImpoifgTea Co,
£61 Market. 07. TtirtU 705 Larki* St.
140 Sixth St. 1410 Polk St.
218 1 bird t. 1810 DcvlsaderoSk.
506 1 earny St. 2006 5- Hi m ore St.
144) Mm.. St. 321 Montgomery Ay.
2510 Miss! nSt. 1100 Kentucky St.
8006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
855 tiayes St. 52 Msrkot St.
OAKLAND STURES:
1053TYa*htasionM. 131 Sen Pablo Ara.
»J7 Broadway. 616 £ Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA— IBSS Park St.
BAK RAFAEL— B St., uear Fourth.
Write for CataJofae*
mass of newspaper readers have be
come inflamed. Mass meetings were
held In various parts of the city to
night and addresses delivered that have
added fuel to the flames. Men are
walking the streets wearing minature
hangman's nooses, as advised by the
newspapers, and warning the Aldermen
who believe the pending ordinance to
be a good one and who have signified
their intention of voting for Iv.
The Inter-Ocean cautions the people
to be slow to take the advice of its
contemporaries and in an editorial to
morrow morniug will call attention to
the fact that the anarchists who were
hanged as a sequel to the Haymarket
riots of 1886 were not hanged for actual
participation in the riots, but for incit
ing to /nurder by inflammatory editori
als in newspapers with which all of the
men hanged were connected.
So great is the interest in the ques
tion that the citizens have divided into
two great camps. Mass-meetings are
largely attended and personal encount
ers between partisans are of frequent
occurrence.
The traction people say rather than
have the city turned over to the mob
they will refuse to allow the ordinance
to be put upon its passage upon the
date now set and will hold mass meet
ings at which the questions involved
may be debated quietly, with the hope
of overcoming the exposition and de
feating the ends of the newspapers now
urging the lynching of Aldermen and
the holders of street car stock*
Unless a positive statement Is made
by Monday morning at the latest that
the ordinance will not be presented that
night, and If the present incendiary
agitation is kept up, a mot) — two mobs,
in fact — will certainly gather and blood
will surely flow. As one step to prevent
this it is being urged that the editors
of the papers publishing the incendiary
articles be arrested and tried under the
act under which the anarchists were
arrested, tried and convicted.
advantageous alliances. At last, worn
out with troubles with which she had not
the ability to cope, she gave up the strug
gle. The prayer that Bertha Bockman
had offered day and night for close on
to two years was answered.
"I have always triumphed over my en
emies. Let Magdalena Wittmeier not live
to enjoy the wealth that belongs to my
boy!"
That was her invocation up to the day
she disappeared from Oakland. And there
is a prospect that the money she believed
was rightfully her son's will yet fall to
him, for George Wittmeier yesterday stat
ed that so far as he knew Magdalena left
no near relatives and he intended to make
another fight in the courts for the prop
erty his father had left bequeathed to her.
JOINT COMMISSION
MAY PROBE SCANDALS
Senator Vest Introduces a Resolution
Providing for a War Inves-
tigation.
WASHINGTON, Dec. S.— Senator Vest
to-day introduced in the Senate a resolu
tion providing for the appointment of a
joint commission to investigate the
charges of corruption in the conduct of
the war with Spain.
The preamble to the resolution recites
that "charges have been made through
the press of the country over the signa
! tures of responsible parties that corrupt
I and improper means have been used to
i secure contracts from the Government for
the purchase of vessels for the navy and
for the furnishing of clothing and other
I necessary articles for the army of the
United States during the war with Spain
! at excessive and exorbitant rates."
L The resolution calls for the appointment
| of three Senators and five members of the
House and imposes upon them the duty
of "Inquiring as to the truth of all such
charges and to make report by bill or
otherwise."
The Senators are to he appointed by the
Chairman of the Senate, and the mem
bers of the House by the Speaker of the
House.
APPROVE THE NEW CHARTER.
Citizens of Vallejo Vote in Favor of
Proposed Reforms.
VALLEJO, Dec. S— The election he*re to
day on the adoption of the new freehold
ers' charter resulted In 658 for the char
ter and 170 against it. Only one-fourth of
the vote was polled. Vallejo has virtually
been without a charter, working under
the general laws. The new charter Is not
radical in its changes from the old, nor
does It in any way attack local Interests.
The new charter makes a small increase
in the list of salaried officers, gives the
city a Mayor with authority which prop
erly belongs to such officer, a unifomed
police, whose continuance in office will de
pend on efficiency alone, a Superintendent
of Water Works, who will devote his
whole time to the duties of his office, a
Board of Health with power to enforce
its orders and a Board of Public Works to
look after the city Investments. It pro
vides safeguards against extravagance,
and the duties of the officers as defined In
sure great improvements in the city gov
ernment. The only material change In
the government of public schools was the
doing away with a salaried Superintend
ent, and making heads of families only
eligible as members of the Board of Edu
cation.
After passing to the Legislature the
charter takes effect in 1901.
ATTORNEYS SUE FEANCEE.
New Phase in the Salinas Mayoralty
Contest.
SALINAS, Dec. B.— A new and lnterest-
I ing phase of the Mayoralty contest de- \
j veloped this afternoon, when Renlson &
Jones, attorneys, filed an attachment for
the sum of $1055 against Charles Francee,
now seated as Mayor, pending the dcci- j
■tea of the Supreme Court. The suit is
for legal services rendered during several
trials, transcribing testimony, printing
briefs, costs and other incidentals. The i
Sheriff .took possession this evening of the
furniture-store of Francee, who furnished
bonds shortly afterward. The attachment ,
and suit are the result of a quarrel be- ;
tween the parties over matters recently '
before the City Council, and It is believed i
; that when the case comes to trial some '
i spicy and very interesting details as to :
■ the Mayoralty contest last March and
. subsequent proceedings will be exploited.
SOCIALIST ELECTED MAYOR.
HAVERILL, Mass., Dec. B. —An
avowed disciple of social democracy will
on January 2 be inaugurated Mayor of
this city, being, so far as known, the first
socialist to be elected to an administra
tive office in the country.
By the municipal election on Monday
John C. Chase, aged 28 years, a clerk in
a co-operative grocery-store, was elected
Mayor, as the candidate of the Social De
mocracy, by a plurality of 350 votes in a
field of six candidates. With him on the
victorious ticket were three socialist can
didates for Aldermen and three for Coun
cilmen.
. THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1893.
TWO HUNDRED CASES OF SMALLPOX AT BEDFORD.
HUNTINGDON, Pa., Dec. B.— Among Bedford's population of 2800 there
are about 200 cases of what is said to be genuine smallpox. This
alarming condition of affairs was discovered yesterday, and up to
that time there continued an uninterrupted commingling of the citi
zens of the town. The disease prevails from one end of the town to
the other. The Bedford physicians disagree, some pronouncing it to be
chicken-pox and others a harmless skin disease. Dr. Atkinson, State Health
Inspector, says it is genuine smallpox. Men, women and children, he de
clares, with smallpox crusts on their bodies and faces, have been traveling
the streets day and night and visiting from house to house, unconscious of
the true nature of their affliction. The whole town is now closely quaran
tined, policed and guarded and vigorous measures will be prosecuted to
check the plague. The danger to the whole central part of the State i 3
manifest, as the people of Bedford, while infected with the disease, have
been traveling far and near.
George Martin, a member of Company A, Fifth Regiment, of Hunting
don, who is afflicted with smallpox, contracted the disease While playing
football in Bedford from an opposing Bedford player, who at the time
showed the crusts of smallpox on his face.
PECULIAR FINANCIAL SITUATION IN CUBA.
HAVANA, Dec. 7 (via Key West, Dec. 8). — Serious problems confront
the last days of Spain's sovereignty in Cuba. One of the most delicate
and difficult of solution is the question of the return of bonds given by
civil officials and employes who now cease to hold office. Many of
these are cash bonds furnished years ago, the refunding of which
now becomes imperative. All such moneys having en appropriated and
spent, the Government is unable to meet these obligations or to fulfill the
guarantees.
The settlement of the arrears of pay due the mobilized and all the
regular troops offered a brilliant opportunity for masterly i.'rancierinK on
the part of the military intetidant. With money in hand for the full settle
ment of all pay due the troops, the quartermaster general devised an ingeni
ous plan. Paying the men off in notes payable in Madrid, he otrered, through
trusted agents, to discount such notes at 20 or 30 per cent for cash. As
practically every one of the irreeular and mobilized troops will remain on
the island, the men eagerly embraced this opportunity to have their notes
cashed, and a handsome profit therefore accrued to the astute originator of
the scheme.
SHARKEY AND M'COY SIGN ARTICLES.
NEW YORK, Dec, S.— Articles of agreement for a twenty-round boxing
contest between Tom Sharkey and Kid McCoy, to take place at the
Lenox Athletic Club, this city, January 10, were signed to-day by both
principals. The men are to box for a purse of $20,000 and 50 per cent
of all receipts exceeding $40,000. Tim Hurst was mutually chosen as
referee.
In order that the fight may not result in a fiasco like the Sharkey- Corbett
affair, the articles provide that the interference of any fighter's seconds or
their invasion of the ring will not stop the contest. A second or outsider who
tries to enter the ring during the contest will be immediately placed under
arrest.
The men will box under Queensberry rules, with the exception that they
will not be permitted to hit in clinches or breakaways.
After the match had been made Sharkey held a friendly conference with
Jim Corbett, who wished him luck in the fight and announced his intention
of going to the Pacific Coast to fight Jeffries. Corbett afterward sent a
dispatch to his brother in California, saying: "I' will take on Jeffries.
Match me to meet him in February."
WOMEN WORKING HARD TO SHUT OUT ROBERTS.
NEW YORK, Dec. B.— The efforts to prevent Brigham H. Roberts, Rep
resentative-elect from Utah, from taking his seat in the Fifty-sixth
Congress because he is a polygamlst and advocates the doctrine of
the Mormon church is to have the organized support of hundreds of
thousands of women in the United States. The initial woman's move
ment is to take an organized form in this city at a meeting of the Presby
terian Woman's Board of Home Missions on December 20. There are a hun
dred thousand members of the Presbyterian Home Mission Society alone in
the United States. The Home Mission Societies of Congregational and Bap
tist churches are preparing to make a similar campaign against Rob
erts and women's societies of other denominations are becoming interested
in the fight. The women are to give information regarding Roberts' case
and the supposed danger of a revival of polygamy and to unite in obtain
ing personal letters to Representatives in all districts throughout the coun
try protesting against the seating of an avowed polygamist.
ROMANTIC TALE OF AN ALLEGED DUKE.
NEW YORK, Dec. 8. — A dispatch to the World from Ixmdon says:
The Johannesburg correspondent of the Mail telegraphs:
"A remarkable story was told to-day during the hearing of a charge
of fraud against Charles Gunn. A statement was put in by the pris
oner In which he declared that he was the brother of the late Duke
of Hamilton, and had left England after fighting a duel. For private rea
sons his death was formally announced and a sham funeral took place.
"Gunn asserts that Robinson of Rotherwellbaugh filled a coffin, which
was sent to Hamilton palace and nlaced in a mausoleum, and says if the
coffin is opened and examined his statement can be verified."
The late Duke of Hamilton died May 16, 1895, leaving no son, and was suc
ceeded by his kinsman, Alfred Douglas Hamilton.
The late Duke's only brother was Charles George Archibald. It is re
corded in Burkes Peerage that Charles was born May 18, 1847, and died
childless in May, 1886. If Charles can prove that he is alive he may get the
dukedom and vast wealth.
DAYLIGHT ROBBERY OF A CAPITALIST'S HOME. \ i
MILL VALLEY, Dec. B.— While Ebenezer Wormuth, the capitalist,
was absent in Sausalito this afternoon, his residence in East Mill
Valley was entered by robbers and looted of everything of value that
could be carried away.
The robbery occurred in broad daylight and yet was so cleverly
planned and executed that not a clew to the identity of the miscreants
has been discovered.
Though Wormuth refuses to state the amount, it is a matter of com
mon belief that the thieves secured several thousand dollars in coin, as the
capitalist is known to have kept a large sum of money concealed on the
premises. _* — - ,
"ANOTHER INSULT" TO THE FRENCH ARMY-
PARIS Dec 8 —The Court of Cassation this afternoon ordered a stay of
proceedings in the Picquart court-martial. Several of the newspapers
here assert that the court has examined the secret documents in the
anti-Dreyfus papers are very angry over the decision of the
court, which they describe as another insult to the army.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAS»
Senator Perkins Introduces a Bill to
Increase the Pension of Com
modore Hopkins' Widow.
WASHINGTON. Dec. B.— Senator Per
' kins to-day introduced a bill increasing
i the pension of Mrs. Louise M. Hopkins,
' widow of Commodore Hopkins, to |75 per
i month.
Representative Barham presented a pc-
I tition from citizens of San Anselmo, Cal.,
! favoring a bill prohibiting the sale of
I liquors on Government reservations.
A postoffiee was to-day established at
Bonita, San Diego County, and I. L.
, Waters was appointed Postmaster. The
, following California Postmasters were ap
pointed to-day: Lloyd T. Stephenson at
! Chat, Laseen County, vice George P.
i Holman, resigned; Virginia Summers at
HaydenhiU, Lassen County, vice Charles
, P. Sherman, resigned.
Private Peter Byrne, Battery B, Fourth
United States Artillery, now in confine
ment at the Presluio, San Francisco, who
deserted at Fort Adams, R. L, Decem
ber 3, 1889, and surrendered November 16,
IS9S, while serving in Troop M, Fourth
United States Cavalry, under the name of
Francis J. McMahon, is restored to duty
without trial upon conditon that he mane
good the time lost by desertion. Private
i Byrne is transferred to Troop M, Fourth
! United States Cavalry, to serve the re
< maindi r of his original enlistment.
First Lieutenant Archibald Campbell,
Third United States Artillery, is to pro
ceed via San Francisco to join his bat
tery
Private Arthur H. Jordan, Troop L.
Sixth United States Cavalry, Presidio, San
■ Francisco, is discharged from the service
I of the United States.
Pensions have been granted as fol
! lows: California: Original— John Craven,
! San Francisco, $6; Solomon Barnett,
! Woodland, $6: George W. Bush. San Jose,
'■ $6" John Barton. Santa Rosa, $6.
■ Oregon: Original widows, etc.— Tabitha
j J. Fordney, Yoncalla. $12.
Washington: Original widows, etc.—
■ Maria Windmiller, Tracyton, $8.
Senator Stewart has introduced a bill
granting to the State of Nevada 2,000,000
acres to be selected by the State author
ities from unappropriated non-mineral
land, and to be disposed of under the laws
of the State. The proceeds are to be set
aside as a special fund to aid Irrigation;
also reserving and dedicating all lands in
township 32 north, range 33 east, Mt.
Diablo meridian, Nevada, for astorage res
ervoir, and $15,000 is appropriated to con
struct ditches, etc., to store the water of
Humboldt River.
The Secretary of War has submitted
to Congress the report of the board of
engineers on the Sacramento and Feather
rivers and their tributaries. The report
recommends an appropriation of $280,000
for the purpose of deepening the Sacra
mento River below the city, which can be
improved by a system of wing dams at
or near shoals so as to give a depth of
seven feet; that a four- foot depth can bo
obtained above Sacramento City to Col
usa and a three-foot depth then to Red
Bluff by the removal of snags, and the
concentration of the channel widths by
temporary works at an annual expense of
$25,000. The board reports the river has
been surveyed from Red Bluff to its
mouth.
Representative Loud has Introduced
a bill amending "An Act in Relation to
Internal Revenue." by adding at the end
thereof the following: "Provided, how
ever, that the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue be authorized upon application of
a distiller, to allow any package or cases,
or packages, encasing not less than two
tins, said packages or cases, or packages
encasing tins, to be of not less capacity
than ten gallons, wine measure, to be fill
ed with distilled spirits from receiving
cisterns in such manner as said Commis
sioner may, by regulation, prescribe for
the purpose of exportation from the
United States. And there shall be charged
for each of Bald packages or cases for
the expense of providing and affixing
stamps five cents, instead of ten cents as
now required by law."
The hill Is limited to export, and, there
fore, in no way conflicts with the spirit
distilling interests of the country. The
size of the package is in keeping with
the law and regulations of the department
and does not increase bureau labor. The
charge for export stamps is not designed
by Congress to realize revenue, but to
assist the export and shipping trade.
Representative Barlow has intro
duced a bill appropriating $25,000 to pay
Fred B. Mallory Jr.. of Los Angeles, for
injuries received by him while visiting
the United States transport Arizona
while she was lying at Seattle. The Ari
zona was not then the property of the
United States, and Mr. Mallory's claim is
not regarded as meritorious.
Barlow also introduced a bill granting
certain lands In San Gabriel to the Lowe
Institute of that place.
WILL SEEK
TO MODIFY
AGREEMENT
CLA YTON - BULWER TREATY
IN WAY OF NICARAGUA
CANAL. .
IT IS EXPECTED THAT ENGLAND WILL AID
UNCLE SAM IN SECURING CONTROL
Or THE GREA T WA TER WA Y.
Sijecial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. B.— The 'Wash
ington correspondent of the Her
ald says: President McKlnley is
in favor of opening negotiations
with Great Britain for the pur
pose of modifying the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty so as to permit the construction
and control of the Nicaragua canal by
the United States.
Should Congress during the present
session fail to enact the pending Mor
gan bill the President also favors en
tering into negotiations with Nicaragua
and Costa Rica looking to the construc
tion of the canal under the auspices
and control of the United States. On
the authority of a high official of the
administration I am able to state there
is absolutely no foundation for the re
port tha.t Great Britain, through Sir
Julian Pauncefote, has protested to the
State Department against that feature
of the President's message dealing with
the canal question.
On the contrary the authorities have
every reason to believe that Great Brit
ain will consent to any reasonable mod
ification of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty
that the President may desire, so as to
remove obstacles which it places in the
way of the control of the canal by this
Government. So satisfied are the offi
cials on this point that I understand
negotiations will seen be actively under
way, which, it is hoped, will culminate
in an agreement especially intended to
CHECKS HASTE IN
PENSION BILLS
Vest Calls a Halt in the
Senate.
MAKES DEMAND FOR QUORUM
PAST DELICACY TO OBJECTIONS
REMOVED.
Regards Payment to Veterans a Sac
red Duty, but Seeks to Secure
All Proper Consideration
t of Measures.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. B.— ln connec
tion with the consideration of bills on
the pension calendar, in the Senate to
day, Vest of Missouri said:
"I do not want to be captious about
this pension business and do not want
to set myself «•» as a reformer, but this
thing of passing a lot of pension bills
simply by the reading of the titles, and
when a quorum of the Senate is not
present, has got to be stopped."
After further referring to the meth
ods by which pension bills are passed
by the Senate, Vest said:
"Men of the South have permitted
these bills to be passed, having some
delicacy about entering objections to
the course of procedure. Recent events
have obliterated sectionalism and we
are united. We can, therefore, come
here and object to this spoliation— and I
use the word advisedly— without fear
of having our motives impugned or our
words misconstrued.
"We are payin 0 " out in round figures
$141,000,000 annually for -fusions, and it
is our duty to find out why It is that
thirty-three years after the cloße of the
Civil War this thing of pension claims
shows so enormous a sum. I have been
criticised by some of my people because
I have not taken a more determined
stand on this pension question. I want,
however, to pay munificently and liber
ally in pensions. I regard such pay
i ment as a sacred duty, but I do object
to the passage of these bills without
proper consideration and with the same
restrictions that are hedged about
other measures."
Qallinger of New Hampshire, as
chairman of the Pension Committee,
agreed with Vest in his desire to have
the pension bills carefully considered.
He thought a quorum of the Senate
ought to be in attendance when the
pension calendar was considered.
The anti-scalping bill passed yester
day by the House was received and. at
I the request of Cullom, chairman of the
! Committee on Interstate Commerce,
was laid on the table instead of beinc
referred to the committee. A similar
bill has already been reported by the
Senate Committee on Interstate Com
merce.
A considerable number of pension bills
had been passed before the Senators,
one or two at a time, began to leave
I the chamber. Finally true to his warn
! ing, Vest raised the point of no
i quorum. Forty-eight Senators re
sponded to their names and considera
tion of the pension bills was resumed.
At the expiration of the one hour al
! lotted to the consideration of the pen
sion calendar, twenty-six bills had been
passed.
At 11:50 o'clock the Senate west into
executive session. At 2:15 the Senate
resumed business in open session.
Morgan called up the Nicaragua
canal bill, with a view to making it the
unfinished business. He moved that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of
the bill.
Pettlgrew moved to adjourn. De
feated, 13 ayes, 42 noes.
Morgan's motion to proceed with the
consideration of the Nicaragua canal
bill was then carried, and after the bill
he.d been laid before the Senate, thus
becoming the unfinished business, the
Senate, on motion of Morgan, at 2:25
p. mi., adjourned until Monday.
Gallagher Given the Decision.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. B.— Billy Gal
lagher, formerly of Oakland, and Jim
Trimble of this city fought fifteen rounds
give this Government the right to con
struct and control the proposed water
way.
It seems to be pretty generally under
stood that the conflict of interests over
the construction of the Nicaragua canal
will prevent action during this session
on the Morgan bill, and in this event
there is reason to believe that when
President Iglesias of Costa Rica re
turns to Washington the latter part of
the winter he will discuss with Presi
dent McKinley and Secretary Hay the
advisability of entering into a treaty
for the construction of the canal by
this Government. Iglesias is in favor
of such action and so Informed the au
thorities while here. But nothing can
be done by the authorities on this line
until the Clayton-Bulwer treaty is
modified.
WASHINGTON, Dec. B.— ln the Sen
ate to-day Caffery of Louisiana intro
duced the following resolution:
Resolved, That it is the sense of the
Senate of the United States that the
President enter into negotiations
with the Government of Great Britain
for the purpose of abrogating or mod
ifying the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty so
far and to tue extent that the same
may be deemed to prevent the United
States from owning, constructing,
controlling or operating an oceanic
canal across the Isthmus of Darien.
here to-night. Gallagher was given the
decision by Referee John Brink. The
contest took place before the Los An
geles Athletic Club. Gallagher ■was the
aggressor during most of the match, but
Trimble cleverly ducked his blows and
escaped punishment until the final round,
when he attempted to mix It up and vat
worsted. The men had fought once be
fore to a draw.
♦
TOMMY WANTS TO MEET 808.
Ryan to Post a Check for a Fight
With Fitzsimmons.
SYRACUSE, N. V., Dec. B.— Tommy
Ryan says that he will meet Bob Fltz
simmons at 154 pounds, weigh in at th^
ringside, and that he will post to-morrow
a certified check for $2500 to meet Fitz-
Bimmons within three months at the Mon
arch Athiotic Club for 60 per cent of the
gross receipts.
DOWNPOUR IN THE SOUTHLAND
LOS ANGELES, Dec. B.— Rain com
menced falling in Riverside and vicinity
to-night. The precipitation was copious
and the indications are favorable for a
continuation of the downpour, which is
greatly needed. The weather indications
here to-night are for an early storm.
Santa Barbara Kickers Win.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. B.— The Santa
Barbara football team defeated the In
dian team from the United States Indian
School of Phoenix, Ariz., to-day. About
a thousand people witnessed the game.
The score was 5 to 0. H. U. Castle of San
Francisco refereed and William Winn of
Los Angeles umpired the game. This
makes the Los Angeles High School and
Santa Barbara the champions of South
ern California. They will meet during
the holidays to determine their suprem
acy on the gridiron.
Miller Holds the Lead.
NEW YORK, Dec. B.— The scores of the
fifteen leaders in the six-day bicycle race
at 2 a. m. were: Miller, 1473; Waller, 1470-
Pierce, 1461; Albert, 1426; Stevens, 1356;
Gimm, 1342; Aronson, 1301; Lawson, 1331-
Nawn, 1294; Hale, 1261; Forester, 1236 :
Schinneer, 1223; Joyeaux, 1131; Turville'
1126; Julius, 1062.
INTERNAL REVENUE DECISIONS
Thomas Will Not Arrest for Serving
Wine in Pitchers.
The following recent decisions have been
issued regarding internal revenue taxa
tion and the special war tax:
Merchants do not bring themselves within the
definition of bankers in the Hrst paragraph of
section 7 of the act of June 17, 18»#, by reason
of selling their own drafts to thejr customers'
they are not on this account required to pay '<
special tax as bankers.
An unstamped package of cigars cannot be
repacked in another box made expressly for
it. The stamps on an outer box will not pro
tect the Inner box, neither can a stamped box
be contained in an unstamped outer box.
The office will not approve of dummy pack
ages for the purpose of advertising cigars
Cigar packages having a less or greater num
ber of cigars packed therein than the number
denoted by the stamp will be forfeited.
In reply to a letter of inquiry which you have
addressed to this office as to whether you "can
make and sell blackberry wine without spec
ial United States Internal Revenue license "
you are hereby advised that you cannot do bo
unless the wine is made by you from blackber
rie« of your own growing or gathered wild by
yourself or by persons in your employ, and un
less this wine is sold by you only at the place
of manufacture, or at but one "general office"
(Section 3246, Revised Statutes). If this or any
other wine is put up In bottles for sale, tax
must be paid thereon under the following pro
visions of schedule B of the act of June 13,
189S (war revenue act): "Sparkling or other
wines, when bottled for sale, upon each bottle
containing one pint or less, ie; upon each bot
tle containing more than one pint, 2c."
A fair or entertainment given by a fraternal
organiiatiun (even though the public pay for
admission) Is held not to be such an exhi
bition or show as is contemplated by the eighth
paragraph of section 2 of the act of June 13,
1898, If the proceeds are to be> devoted to "sick
benefits" or to other like subjects, and sqpcial
tax is not required to be paid therefor under
this act.
A draft or order drawn on the treasurer of
such an organization by another of its offi
cers for the payment of money to a third per
son whether "for payment of bills or for "sick
benefits,' " as you state, or for any other pur
pose requires a 2c stamp under schedule A of
this act.
An entertainment riven by a grange of the
Patrons of Husbandry, such as a "harvest
home festival" or the like, is not regarded as
such a public exhibition or show for money
as the statute contemplates and special tax is
not required to be paid therefor.
Jugs, pitchers, etc., used In serving wine in :
restaurants and elsewhere for the purpose of '
evadinp the war tax stamps will be considered
as bottles and must be stamped as such. But a '
saloon-keeper selling wine by the glass in al
lowed to draw it from the ca*k into bottles for
that purpose without stamping the bottle.
Special Revenue Agent Bert M. Thomas i
said yesterday that he would not arrest !
any restaurant keeper for serving wine '
in unstamped pitchers. He is of the opin
ion that the courts will not decide that
a pitcher is a bottle.
DESERTED HIS FIANCEE.
Capitalist Frank 7. Capitain Sued for
Breach of Promise.
Frank J. Capitain. a well-known busi
ness man and capitalist of Los Angeles,
was made defendant in a breach of prom
ise suit filed in the office of the County
Clerk Tuesday afternoon. The plaintiff
in the action is Miss Nellie Wallace, ]
daughter of Mrs. Martha R. Edwards,
who resides at 622 Post street.
In her complaint Miss Wallace avers
that she became engaged to Mr. Capitain.
who is her senior by almost a score of
years, last Christmas day. They were to
have been married on the 12th of last
April. The wedding was postponed, how
ever, and the groom to be, as Miss Wal
lace supposed, was called from the city
on business. While absent he daily
penned his fiancee messages of love. His
ardor began to cool by degrees, how
ever, and at last the day came when he
spurned his love and broke the engragre
ment. Miss Wallace now seeks to sooth*
her outraged feelings by recovering a
judgment for $50,000 against the capital
ist. Capitain, who has been long and fa
vorably known in business circles, is salt!
to be exceedingly wealthy. He was born
in Frankfort in 1846.
Consul for Peru.
President McKinley has recognized
Senor Don Carlos Estenos as Consul for
Peru at this port.
HEAD SWIM
HEAD SWIM
HEAD SWIM
HEAD SWIM
HEAD SWIM -
HEAD SWIM
HEAD SWIM
HEAD SWIM
**•*•*••• HEAD SWIM
tuunYAN* HEAD SWIM
*nno£* HEAD SWIM
* CURES. * HEAD SWIM
{**««***s HEAD SWIM
'"-'■''" ■ ■ ■
A SWIMMING SENSATION IN THE HEAD,
the necessity to hold to pillar or post only
for a second, shows there Is something the
matter with the man.
What Is the Matter?
Undoubtedly the individual Is afflicted with
some form of liver disorder. It may be worse:
It may be nervous debility or some form of
nervous disorder. If you are in this condition
you can use with safety the Hudyan Remedy
treatment. You can get Hudyan only from
the Hudson Doctors.
Write or call.
Hudyan cures Spermatorrhea, Nervous. Men-
tal or Physical Debility and the peculiar
diseases and disabilities of man.
■■■:'. // }"[
Circulars Free!
SO-DAY CUKE First, secondary or
30-DAY CUKE tertiary form of blood
30-DAY CURB troubles can be cured,
30-DAY CUBE with 30-day Blood Cure.
Write for Circulars.
Hudson Medical Institute.
Junction Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts..
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. .
Consult Hudson Doctors Free. •
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free. '
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
ocioooooooooooooooa
gw PALACE w l
'GRAND hotbl&o
I: bah PitAnaaco. -
" Connected by a ooverai passageway. *" !
0 MOO Roomf— 9oo With Bath Attached. °
0 Ail Under On* Manag emant. O
Q NOTE TH3 PRICES: Q
_. European PUn.CI.OO per day and upward M
" American Plan.f3.OO per cay and upward **
n ■ Correspondence SoUattod. ' Q
0 IQVLX 0. EXBZPA7&ICX, K»ag M . q
aoooooooooaooooooo
Use . 'f^k anfl -
Facial Soap L^^/ Facial Cream.
Woodbury's Facial Soap. Facial Cream,' Fa-
cial and Tooth Powder have the Indorsement of
the Medical and Dental Professions. Sold
everywhere. -'
(^»^ l^ rR " li 3' wl 1 ill la
THE NEW
ts-tsr ioth Day. •is* >*L 1 rnCnUnii
YITALIS Mh^ -KL m DcycnY
FRODUCEB THE ABUTS 30th Day. Ilkm fall I■ ■
BKSI'LTS. It quickly A surely reraoTM Nervousness, Ins potency,
Nightly Emisiiont, Evil Dreamt Wtsrioc Diseases and all effect! ■
of j*lf -abuse or exetii and indiuretion. Restores Lo»t Vitality,
Power and Falling Memory. Wardf off Insanity and Cnn«omp.
«on. Cures when all oth«r« fail. Insist on baring VITALIB,
DO other. Can be curried In the vent pocket. By mail $1.00
per package or six for $5.00 with a guarantee to Cure or
Refund the Money. Circular Free Addrem
tIALI'MET CURE CO., S34Tl e arbora St.. Chirac*
Sold BIT Owl Drag Co. S. F. and OakUad,
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlsine and specific tonia
for the . sexual , and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
523 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
IMPTIOX/IT A RMWtt* VITALITY
IMtnVI I A lost VIGOR.
jg£9S& —AND MANHOOD
fip3f? i 'j Cures potency Night Emissions and wasting
BDjlfi diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess ana
«St *VT) indiscretion. A nerre'tonic and blood -builder.
, Xi <4&f Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and rv
fa. Jllnw- J- stores the lire of youth. By mail 500 per
KVV^WL bcxi 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
l^lW^Sf^guarantee to cure or refund the moaey.
Ikirita medical Co., oMnlon « Jacluoa sit., GWaqt.
WALLER BROS.. 33 Grant aye.. San Francisco.
f|IERCE'S
W FAVORITE
_ fQR WEAS& WOMEN.
DR.MCNULTY.
n^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
I L Specialist cure* Private. Nervous, and Blood Dls-
eaftes 0/ Men only. Book on Private l'iseaseg and
Weaknesses of -Men, free. Over2oy'rs' experience.
Patients Home. Term* reasonable. HourxO
to 3 dully : 6.30 to 8::» e v'KS. BundKVs,lotol2. Consul-
tatlon free and sacredly con tiden tin 1. Call, or address '
P. ROBCUE McXILTY, M.D.
26K Kfarny St., Sun Francisco, Cal.
&^&sg* RUPTURE.
■^^^^^^2HP use NO MORE IRON
Jc&Sl&S&mig&r Hoops or Steel Springs.
■f--^s^^^S^ a<^ Rupture retained with ease
H.»<^>S@vr<: an comfort, and thousands radi-
■ sfl\ s ealI >' CURED by DR. PIERCERS
/jUI Magnetic Elastic True?. ICT Call at
\ar office or write for New Pamphlet No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
620 Market st.,opp. Palace Hotel. San Franciaco.
X. HESS,
ROTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNET-AT LAW,
Tenth sFloor, Room 1015, Clauß Spreckels Bldg.
-'.;«-■ Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California St., below Powell.
San Francisco. ' ~ ' ■■
Wriitf. Indian VeptaWe Pills .
Are acknowledged tfy thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to oura
SICK HEAOACKE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples
and purify the blood. •
Grossman's Sped Mixture
■ With this remedy percon* can cur« ■ them-
selves - without the t least • exposure, change of
diet or change In application to business. : Th«
medicine contains nothing of the least lnJutV
to the constitution. Ask your druggist for It.
Price SI a bottle. 'CHAMBERLAIN ON
THE AFFAIRS OF
GREAT BRITAIN
France's Policy of Ex-
asperation.
PREVENTS UNDERSTANDING
RELATIONS WITH RUSSIA AND
GERMANY AGREEABLE.
The Colonial Secretary AlSo Rejoices
Upon the Development of Good
Feeling Between John
Bull ana Uncle Sam.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. Dec. S.— Right Hon. Jo
seph Chamberlain. Secretary of State
for the Colonies, speaking at a Con-
Bervative gathering In Waketteld, York
shire, this evening, fully discussed
home and foreign affairs and the Gov
ernment's policy in Egypt, which, he
raid, depended entirely upon the pos
sibility of reaching an understanding
•with France, "a thing which is impos
sible as long as the French pursue a
policy of exasperation."
With regard to the relations between
Great Britain and Russia, in connection
with the far East, he said that while
hitherto the endeavors to reach an
agreement had failed he believed &n
agreement with Russia was necessary,
unless very serious complications were
to be encountered. There were, he con
tinued, no insurmountable ■ hstadea to
an agreement. On the c< it was
quite possible to conciliate ... reason
able ambition of Russia with the fixed
policy of Great Britain to maintain
equal opportunities of trade for all na
tions.
"1 am more sanguine of arriving at
a settlement," said Mr. Chamberlain,
"because it is not for our interest alone.
The objects we have in view, are shared
also by the United States, Germany
and Japan, all of which have identical
interests. I dare say you have ob
served the very pregnant passage in
the recent message of President Mc-
Klnley iv ihe United States Congress,
the passage referring to the very im
portant interests of America in the
East, in which he declares that these
Interests shall not be prejudiced by ex
clusive treatment. That is a very
noteworthy passage, and, without being
a prophet, 1 think I shall not be too
sanguine if I say that in the future we
shall not stand alone as guardians of
the "open door.' "
Mr. Chamberlain then referred to the
charge o-f inconsistency brought against
him in boasting of Great Britain's
"splendid isolation" and then touting
for alliances. He said: "When I re
ferred to isolation I meant the isolation
of the British empire, comprising the
United Kingdom and our children over
seas, who are well able to defend their
own possessions and their own ex
clusive interests against all attack, but
surely it is not unreasonable to seek an
alliance and to expect co-operation
■where the interests involved are those
of others as well aa of ourselves.
"In the case of Germany we have as
certained by a friendly and frank in
terchange of opinion that there are
many interests regarding which we can
assist one another. 1 \hink 1 may hope
that in the future the two nations — the
greatest naval and the greatest mili
tary power — will come more frequently
together, and that our Joint influence
will be used in behalf of peace and of
unrestricted trade.
"But, if 1 congratulate you upon the
development of good feeling between us
and a great Continents state, still
more do I rejoice at the growth of
friendly relations between ourselves
and our colonies, between ourselves and
the United States. Already the United
States, if regarded from the standpoint
of potential resources, is the greatest of
civilized states — with its Immense pop
ulation of intelligent citizens, chiefly
Anglo-Saxons, and if we are assured of
the Anglo-Saxon race, whether it
abides under the stars and stripes or
the union jack, there is no other com
bination that can make us afraid."
Replying later in the proceedings to a
vote of thanks for his address, Mr.
Chamberlain said he hoped ere many
years had passed to see a federation of
the empire, with colonial representa
tives in the imperial Parliament.
Referring to a personal allusion to
"his setting a good example in forward
ing the hoped-for alliance with the
United States by marrying an Ameri
can," he said: "So many Englishmen
are following the example that I think
it quite possible that the alliance may
be accomplished without the interfer
ence of Governments." (Laughter.).
JURY DISAGREES IN THE
CODY BLACKMAIL CASE
Dower Rights in the Estate of the
Late Jay Gould In
volved.
ALBANY, N. V.. Dec. B.— The jury in
the Cody blackmailing ca.se. after being
out twenty-five hours, has failed to reach
an agreement and has been discharged.
Mrs. Cody has been on trial for eight
days on indictments for blackmail found
against her in April last and alleging that
Bhe wrote blackmailing letters to George
Gould and Miss Helen Gould concerning
the suit of Mrs. Angell to establish dower
rights to Jay Gould 6 estate.
YOLO CATTLE IN
DANGER OF FEVER
Supervisors Asked to Enact the
Stockmen's Protective Asso
ciation Ordinance.
WOODLAND, Dec. S.— The Board of Su
pervisors has been appealed to to enact the
Stockmen's Protective Association ordin
ance for the protection of Yolo County
herdß from Texas fever. A few days ago
a drove of three or four hundred head of
cattle were driven through this county to
the Curtis ranch for pasture. It is claimed
that they originally came from the south
ern part of the State and that they were
on pasture in Solano County for several
weeks and have been exposed to Texas
fever It is probable that tho ordinance
will be passed at the next meeting of the
board.
SAVING TO SOLANO COUNTY.
Salaries Reduced Under the New
County Government Act.
BUISUN, Dec S.— The new county gov
ernment act that goes into effect on Jan
uary If VHt, will mean a saving to the
taxpayers of Solano County of $14,590 a
year. The amount formerly paid to county
officers was $26,500 per year, which Is re
duced to $22,750 per year; and salaries paid
to Justices and Constables under the old
e<'t amounted to $25,680 annually, reduced
to $15,240 per year.
ROSEBURG'S COURTHOUSE
RUINED BY THE FLAMES
Beautiful Structure in the Oregon Town Visited
by a Fierce Fire of Most Mysterious
Origin.
COURTHOUSE AT ROSEBURG, OR., DESTROYED BY FIRE.
ROSEBURG, Or., Dec. B.— Last evening after the adjournment of the Circuit Court flames were observed
issuing from the Courthouse cupola and from under the roof. Before the Fire* Department could begin
work the whole upper story was afire. To make matters worse, the hose burst. Meantime the fire
gained such headway that the fine building was doomed. There being no wind blowing, the progress
of the fire was slow, giving time to carry out all the records. Circuit Judge Hamilton had moved his ex
tensive library into his chambers adjoining the courtroom. He lost a collection covering many years, with no
insurance; also papers in cases under consideration. The upper story of the Courthouse is entirely gone, and
the lower floor is seriously damaged, the courtroom floor being burned through in places. The building cost
$40,000 six years ago. The insurance is supposed to be from $12,000 to $15,000. The origin of the fire is un
known. It is thought to have been caused by a defective flue or electric wires. The prisoners were moved
from the County to the City Jail when the fire was first discovered.
WILL PURCHASE
NEW BRANCHES
Santa Fe System to Take
the Valley Road.
APPROVED BY STOCKHOLDERS
PURCHASE OF OTHER SHORT
LINES ALSO RATIFIED.
Chairman Walker Says the War Has
Caused San Francisco to Be- a
More Important Point
Than Ever.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TOPEKA, Kans., Dec. B.— The annual
meeting of the stockholders of the
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Rail
way was held in this city to-day. Only
a few of the stockholders were present,
but more than two-thirds of the capital
was represented by proxy.
Chairman Aldace F. Walker of New
York, President E. P. Rlpley and W.
S. Roach of Chicago and C. K. Holli
day of Topeka were re-elected as mem
bers of the board cf directors.
The formal approval of the purchase
of the San Joaquin Valley line, by which
the Santa Fe will run trains into San
Francisco, was made.
The meeting formally ratified the
purchase of the following branch lines:
Kansas City, Topeka and Western
Railroad Company, Leavenworth,
Northern and Southern Railway Com
pany, the Southern Kansas Railway
Company, the New Mexico and South
ern Pacific Railway Company, the New
Mexican Railroad Company, the Rio
Grande, Mexico and Pacific Railroad
Company, Silver City, Deming and Pa
cific Railroad Company, the Wichita
and Western Railway Company, the
St. Joseph, St. Louis and Santa Fe
Railway Company.
The ratification of the following
leases was also made: Chicago, Santa
Fe and California Railway Company,
the Denver and Santa Fe Railway
Company, the Pueblo and Arkansas
Valley Railroad Company, and to ratify
the lease of the portion commonly
called the "Mojave Division" of the
Southern Pacific Railroad, from a con
nection with the railroad of the Santa
Fe Pacific Railroad Company at
tho Needles to Mojave in the State of
California; Chicago, Kansas and West
ern Railroad Company, Kansas City,
Emporia and Southern Railway Com
pany, Florence, El Dorado and Walnut
Valley Railroad Company, Marion and
McPherson Railway Company and
Wichita and Southeastern Railway
Company.
The directors' meeting will take place
in New York at an early date.
Mr. Walker, chairman of the board,
said that the company hopes that the
addition of the Valley road to the sys
tem will result in an increase of busi
ness which will be felt over the entire
line. Mr. Walker said that the war
had opened greater possibilities for the
West, and that San Francisco will be a
much more important point to the road
than it has ever been.
Against Appointing Congressmen.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. B.— Senator V>st
to-day followed up the debate in the ex
ecutive session yesterday concerning the
appointment of Senators and members of
the House to positions on Presidential
commissions by the introduction of a bill
prohibiting the practice of making such
appointments. The bill is very brief and
is as follows: "That no person while hold
ing a judicial or executive office under the
I'nited States shall be appointed by the
President a commissioner or agent of tne
Government nor of any department or
bureau thereof."
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALX, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1898.
CONDUCT OF
MEDICAL SERVICE
Gen. Sternberg Before
War Investigators.
NOT HAMPERED BY SUPERIORS
! BUT SECRETARY ALGER'S POL
ICY WAS TO WAIT.
On the Subject of Female Nurses the
Surgeon General Said They
Were "Expensive
Luxuries."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. B.— The con
duct of the medical service 'of thie
army was taken up to-day by the War
Investigation Commission," and Surgeon
General Sternberg was rigidly ques
tioned about his administration. The
medical department, he said, was
equipped only fbr an army of 25,000 men
when the war broke out, and from year
to year the estimates he had submitted
had been materially reduced by Con
gress in a policy of economy of appro
priations. As soon as there was a pros
pect of war he had begun preparations,
though not making any expense. He
had models of chests made, he said, and
equipment developed, but when he sug
pested to Secretary Alger the propriety
of making purchases for his service, the
policy was to wait.
General Beaver asked: "Were you at
any time hampered in the discharge of
the duties of your office by your su
periors in the department?"
General Sternberg hesitated consid
erably and said, "Tso; certainly not, to
any appreciable extent."
There was a pause, and General
Sternberg hastened to add: "You will
understand that one man cannot do
everything at once, and there were oc
casional delays in getting the ear of the
Secretary, but nothing beyond this."
"Then," said General Beaver, "we are
to understand you had at all times the
hearty support and good will of those
over you in forwarding the work of
your department?"
"Yes," was the reply, "most undoubt
edly."
,As to the general condition of the
troops in mobilization camps, he said
their trouble could nearly all be
summed up in the two phrases, "neg
lect of sanitary measures" and "letting
the troops remain too long in one
camp."
"You have to do one of two things,"
said he. "You must maintain your per
manent camp under the sanitary con
ditions of civilized life, or you must fol
low the Indian method and shift your
camp when you foul your ground. I
can make rules which, if followed, will
insure reasonable immunity from ty
phoid, but I cannot insure their being
followed by the men in the field."
As to a new ration for the tropics,
General Sternberg said he had made no
specific recommendation yet. but had a
competent officer now investigating the
methods of the British army in Ja
maica, and hoped soon to be able to
make a report.
Touching the subject of female nurses
General Sternberg said, seriously, but
somewhat sadly, that "they were ex
pensive luxuries." He said the War
Department was getting requisitions
now for bureaus, rocking-chairs and
other things which were unknown un
der the male nurse regime.
Monticito Postofflce Robbed.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. B.— Monticito
postofflce was robbed last night. The only
booty secured was a few dollars in sil
ver. There is no clew to the robbers.
VON MEN'S
LECTURE ON WAR
Praises the Bravery of
American Regulars.
ALSO THE ROUGH RIDERS
OTHER VOLUNTEERS OF LESS
USE, IN HIS OPINION.
Witness of the Conflict in Cuba
Predicts a Great Future for
the "New Colonial
Power."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, Dec. B.— Count A. yon
Goetzen, former military attache at the
German Embassy in Washington, who
was commanded by Emperor William
to accompany the United States army
during the Spanish-American war for
the purpose of observation and official
representative, addressed a large and
distinguished audience this evening at
the Kaiserhoff on the "New Colonial
Power."
Although most of his hearers were
members of the Colonial Society, there
were some 300 military men present.
The lecture, which dealt largely with
the war, was illustrated by photographs
which Count Goetzen took personally —
views of the embarkation at Tampa,
the camps, the landings in Cuba and of
scenes in the fighting around Santiago.
The lecturer spoke sympathetically
of the American army and navy, ex
cept so far as the volunteers were con
cerned. He said the only good volun
teers were the Rough Riders. He se
verely condemned the insurgents, who,
he said, rendered little assistance to
the Americans. He did not see a single
white among the insurgents, except
among the officers.
Count yon Goetzen said the dynamite
guns proved ineffective, because they
lacked distance apparatus. He praised
General Shafter's treatment of the for
eign officers who accompanied his staff.
The United States regulars were char
acterized by the lecturer as "a most
excellent body, though small," and
their uniform practical.
A portion of the lecture was devoted
to a description of the extreme diffi
culty with which both the American
and Spanish troops were provisioned.
Count yon Goetzen prophesied a
great future for the new American colo
nies, because, he said, "the Americans
are prime colonists."
The lecturer was frequently ap
plauded.
Brakeman Miller Killed.
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. B.— Brakeman Mil
ler of Hollister fell from a train at Santa
Margarita last night and was killed.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
GLASQOW-Sailed Dec B— Stmr Siberian, for
Philadelphia.
QCEENSTOWN— SaiIed Dec B— Stmr Ger
man!?, for New York.
PHILADELPHIA— saiIed Dec B— Stmr Switz
erland, for Antwerp.
NEW YORK— Railed Dec R— Stmr Nomadic,
for Liverpool; stmr Corlnthla, for Marseilles
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed Dec B— Stmr Staten
dam, for New York.
MARSEILLES— SaiIed Dec B— Stmr Patria.
for New York.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CASPAR— Arrived Dec 8— Schr Maxim, hence
Dec 1.
Sailed Dec B— Stmr Rio Rey, for San Fran
cisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
PORT TOWXBEND- The reported arrival of
the Br bark Caradoc from Hlogo la an error.
\ 3^2^ % -
'' 'jj 1/ **yV 7^ ■ // a^k^lw / * Vf/-/ \~" t^ „-'*„ -^3
Santy Has Something Nice to Give to His Friday
and Saturday Patrons.
Specials for Friday and Saturday.
The Herring-Bone Reefer.
>g, r/te Hirring.
/y^3- bone weave if
U(g(*%) ,- th& very newest
l^-r^ thing in * Covert
>g9H||P|& Cloths. //'? (7.
/^J^^^y^ wry swell thing.
B^^^^ W ha™ made
K^^w|K^^ it up in winter
mimlm reefers in light
shades. Awful-
'"Y[\ ly swell; about
I A ■'■ . /7 would be
'mmwSL nearer right for
tllL'P li '*"*• These are
rae/ Iv f or Uttle chaps
W^^»ufe from 3 to 10
years.
Friday . and Saturday this
pretty style of winter Reef er at
$3.98.
extra pants
KINGPIMS FOB OVERCOATS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J~\ Warm Ulsters.
'/s***% • Some 300 Long
' ' Blur, Ulsters,
s\ 'r^^Tv storm collar,
f \ T\ fu'l length; cx-
' V °oJl<.\ cellently tailor-
1 \^J e d ulsters for
P" ■ j*^ chaps between
5 I .|V ?&' a<?"s of 6
"sm V° : \ an^ -^^ years.
▼ So,S o , 1 The biggest
.Jr I value that we
• ■ I ■ • 1 ' have ever given
\ ' . I since the big
V |. J store' been
. '— r ' open. No ulster
7 " town at $5
?/-iZZ feo 'd a caw-
rfie /o it.
These Friday and Saturday at
$2.88. ' , .
Blue Serge. T StaSSf£Jf t
.M ' • '>— For young men
,~^Qm i' i nothing is pret-
f i "-^ftf ( jP>^ S> tier or more cor-
7 ' ' -"' Tect than a Blw.
Kjriji *t 1 N-^/ cpy if p C 'j.
%&&£- v/^^feO^ We're showing
z^JsS&^^j /W / 7 A nne or our Fri-
(f/yT^^2jsl\7 kt/^d I \ day and Satur-
I A day y° un £ m . cn '
JtvWWWi : Wl ° -I C\P rons - with
(ft^4i\) JiUM V 1 I that new high-
\\\\ JTlrm^M' i\° \ cut doubie-
VW/I I tl\\mSJt^ M breasted vest.
/Km I WWm^^V Quite the swell
I/Ml I l\f[r\ ■■••' \ idea ' Nothing
In 'III I I\\W\\' \ in town 'at '$16-
//111 I I\\\\\\\ I will compare
Jill II I 1 IV^ \\ \ ' handsome holi-
J^vSf^ \ \ ( - day suit. These
"^^mH' «■ "' \1 \ \ for young men
H§|aJB ; is •V \ 1 between the ages
""^Jfcik, •\\ \\ o/ 1^ aw.d i 5
g^^^^^^^ /\ V years, Friday
: r .' i and Saturday
Blue Suit,
With
Extra Pants.
Here's one of the
star specials for Fri-
day and Siturday — a
pretty Bue Cheviot
Sutt for chaps between
the ages of S and 16;
all-wool fabrics, with
an extra pair of pants
to match; the suit it a
prime value at $% 50;
the extra trousers at
$1. That's $5 50
The R'cfer Suit with
sailor collar, hand-
somely braided, with
an extra pair of trous-
ers, trousers with little
buckle at the kn-e
either style Friday end
Saturday, for suit, in-
cluding extra troys rt,
$2.98,
Smoking Jackets, All the new Ideas in Smoking Jackets, Dressing
Dressing Gowns, Gowns and Lounging Robes are shown on the third
L oungiog Robes, floor. What a bevy of pretty and new things.
Be on hand to-day to see 'em, as they're going awfully fast*
The people like pretty things, and they know ours is the only
house that shows 'em.
Good Natured
Old
SANTY
And His
Dusky Attendants
Are With Us Again
To Entertain
The Little Ones.
Santa Claus is enthroned in
his realm of ice on the second
floor. His will is all-powerful;
he rules there. He receives all
his little friends, and has a
kind' word for each and every
one of them, and will listen to
a'l their little tales of woe.
He has two sable attendants.
They're thereto amuse the little
ones. Of course, like everything
else the Frisco Boys do, this is
done on a lavish scale, different
front any one else's.
While Santy is enthroned in
his realm of ice he will not frost
you. You'll warm up to him,
because he's an, awfully good-
natured old fellow.
Bring all the little ones to see
him; the more the merrier. You
know there's no selfish motives
with us. We love to entertain
the little ones.
The Military Cape Overcoat.
- ' - Ja&y c Military
v^? C^ps Overcoat
& JbjixL ** quite a swell
ft' affair in blue
js# ; T ]^ a^icJ in, cadet
1 ■ «^^ll £ ra V> 19 cape
w£g lined with red"
y-&\ fp opera flannel.
Tjjr - Nothing
M ' . "■ at $6 will ap-
fe - proach it. Two
\<i- .J pretty little
i&> s<ars worked on
\ the collar.
These Friday and Saturday at
$2.85.
84
THRILLING
BATTLE WITH
WIND AND WAVE
Heroic Rescue Work
in Midocean.
FORTY-FIVE SEAMEN SAVED
BUT -REMAINDER OF A CREW
OF EIGHTY-EIGHT PERISH.
Officers of the British Steamer Veda
more Struggle in a Fierce Gale
to Aid Unfortunates on
the Londonian.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. B.— The Brit
ish steamer Vedamore, which sailed
from Liverpool November 2. for Balti
more, passed inside Cape Henry last
night and reported she had on board
forty-five of the crew of eighty-eight
men of the steamer Lor.donian. The
Londonian sailed from Boston Novem
ber 15 for I/ondon, and on November
23, in a violent gale, her cargo shifted
and sho almost capsized, finally resting
on her beam ends with big seas break-
Ing over nor, and for two days she
drifted about at the mercy of the winds
and waves. Assistance came at 5 o'clock
on the morning of November 25. The
Vedamore hove in sight five miles dis
tant, and as it was still quite dark the
Londonian burned signal tires and flred
distress rockets.
The signals were seen by the officers
on the Vedamore bridge and reported
to Captain Bartlett, who gave imme
diate orders that the Vedamores
course be changed. The Londonian
was then to the southward of the
Johnston liner. It did not take the
Vedamore long to cover the five miles
that la- between them, ai^ as soon as
ehe arrived alongside she was signaled
to stand by.
"Do you wish to abandon the ship?"
was signaled from the Vedamore as
Boon as daylight would permit her sig
nals being seen. Captain Lee of the
Londonian signaled back that he
wanted the Vedamore to tow his ship.
Captain Bartlett saw at a glance that
this was an impossibility and refused
to attempt it as it would have endan- j
pered his own ship. Captain Lee then I
signaled, asking that the Vedamore
Itaxtd by to render assistance. Soon
fcfterward he signaled, "Will abandon
ship,'-' and at noon, in the teeth of a
stiff gale Second Officer Hobbs and a ]
volunteer crew gallantly launched one i
5f the Vedamore'a boats and attempted i
to reach the sinking Londonian. For j
three hours the sturdy Britons battled |
with wind and wave in a vain attempt j
to reach her, but were finally forced to '
return to their own ship. Captain
Bartlett then steamed to windward of
the doomed steamer and other attempts
to rescue the Londonian's crew were
made fruitlessly.
As it grew too dark to do anything
more Captain Bartlett signaled, "Will
Btand by you until morning."
The piteous signal, "For God's sake
don't leave us," came back In reply.
During the night the wind increased
and by morning it was blowing very
hard. Then another means of rescue
was decided upon. For hours life buoys j
with lines attached were floated to the
Londonian and at last her crew suc
ceeded in getting one aboard. One
of the Vedamores lifeboats, im
provised as a life car, made a trip suc
cessfully and twenty-two half frozen,
exhausted men were hauled up over the
side- of the Yedamore and given every !
comfort the ship afforded. As the boat
was going back to the Londonian wreck
a big sea demolished it. The lines were
carried away and the communication
was broken.
Chief officer Doran of the Vedamore
volunteered to launch another lifeboat
to attempt the rescue. The seas were
by this time terrific, and it was only
owing to the splendid manner in which
the boat was handled that shj lived it
out. Fur two hours the boat's crew
struggled at the oars, but could not get
closer than sixty yards of the wreck.
They were at last forced to give up
and return to their ship, and in doing
so the boat was smashed against the
ship's side and lost. AH came near
drowning, but were hauled aboard with
lines.
Another fearful night of peril and
fear passed. The next morning twenty
three of the men of the Londonian suc
ceeded In launching one of their own
boats and reached the Vedamore in
safety. Their boat was also lost, and
all that day was spent in trying to
again establish communication with
the wreck. The gale was constantly
Increasing, and all efforts to save the
others were in vain. Even after night
haid fallen the Vedamore was kept
cruising about in the vicinity, but when
uuy broke next morning the Londonian
had vanished.
The saved members of the London
ian's crew were Second Officer Gittings
of Lcrndon; Second Engineer Granham
of London; Third Engineer Ayres of
Scotland; C. Tagan of Hamburg, don
key man; Charles Johnston of Dunedin,
N. Z., first cook; R. Cross of London,
storekeeper; O. Fiske of Germany and
J. Mason, London, oilers; A. E. Tongue
of Dunedin, N. Z., and Frank Leimke
of Waldast, Germany, seamen; Mal
colm McGowan, E. S. Suddell, T. Liss,
J. Wild, E. Watts, William Terry,
James Clarke, Thomas Bright and H.
Bartlett of London, John Foyjie of Liv
erpool, Gilbert Elliott of Dumbarton,
Scotland; F. Cupid (colored) of St. Vin
cent, W. 1., firemen and coal trimmers.
These twenty-three men were about
one-half of the ship's complement. All
the others are regarded as having per
ished. In addition there were twenty
one cattlemen. Patrick Ward of Bos
ton, foreman for Swift & Co., had 263
head of cattle on the vessel, and Daniel
Callahan of Somerville, Mass., foreman
for Nelson, Morris & Co., had 392 cat
tle. The cattlemen in the gangs were
A. Mungel and John J. Neville of
Waterbury, Conn.; Michael Malone of
Fall River; John F. Kennedy, John
Sloan, Frederick Wallace, Thomas Hig
gins, Henry Welsh. Andrew Smith, John
Matlin, John Bibby, George Bell and
John Ward, all of Boston; John Potts
of Maiden, Henry Boucher and Peter
Lamont of Lawrence, John J. Jones of
London, H. Panplpian of Armenia,
Meiklejohn of Russia and William
Langley Jr. of Hallowell, Daniel Co
veny of Boston and Thomas McCoy of
Worcester, Mass.. also cattlemen, are
among the missing.
The supposed lost are: Captain Wil
liam Lee, Chief Officer Mifrray, Chief
Engineer Stafford, Third Engineer
Slater and twenty-one other seamen,
firemen and cattlemen.
The Londonian was a fine steel vessel,
built at Glasgow in 1896, and registered
5532 tons gross. She belonged to the
Wilson-Furness-Leyland line. Her orig
inal name was Idaho, which was
changed to the present name about a
year ago. Captain Lee was formerly
captain of the Leyland steamer "Vic
toria*.. His home was in Brixham,
England, where he had a family.- The
i«ondonian carried no paseengers.
CALIFORNIA
GROWERS NEED
PROTECTION
Protest Against Treaty
With Greece.
DUTY ON CURRANTS REQUIRED
THIS STATE CANNOT COMPEJE
WITH FOREIGN MARKETS.
Senator Perkins Presents the Views
of California Raisin Men and
a Strong Letter to the
President.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Dec. 8.
Senator Perkins in forwarding the
California fruit growers protest to the
President to-day wrote a long: letter
in which he said the people of Cali
fornia were greatly alarmed at the
reference In the message to a reciprocal
commercial treaty with Greece — that
has in view the restoration of currants
to the "free list."
"The cheap labor of Greece and
Southern Europe." says Perkins, "with
cheap transportation by water to this
country make it possible 'it the dried
product of foreign vineyards to com
pete successfully with those of our own
country. In California alone there are
at least 3000 growers, of whom 1100
met In Fresno December 6 to rejoice
over the increase in the market for
their products, and the bright future of
their industry. It was, as accompany
ing telegrams show, a severe blow to
their enthusiasm to learn that it was
proposed to again throw open the door
to competition with their products,
which competition would flood the mar
kets of the United States with inferior
raisins and currants whose price would
mean disaster to California producers
of similar products of vineyards.
"A duty on raisins and currants Is
absolutely necessary to enable the
great and growing interests of the
United States to even exist, and this
fact was fully recognized by both Dem
ocrats and Republicans in Congress,
and in the State whose great vineyards
form the means of support for many
thousands of people. 1 would therefore
respectfully suggest that no action in
favor of a reduction of the duty on
these products tie taken, by means of
a treaty which will nullify the acts of
both Democratic and Republican Con
gresses."
PROTEST OF CALIFORNIA
RAISIN GROWERS
FRESNO, Dec. B.— Following is the
full text of the telegram sent to Presi
dent AlcKlnley by the California Raisin
Growers' Association regarding the
tariff on Zante currants:
We beg to say that you have been mis-
Informed regarding Greek currants. These
cheap raisins, commonly called currants,
ruined our market for raisins, liuv-two
million pounds imported in 1894 through
the port of New York alone having been
used as a cheap substitute for raisins in
cooking. After five years of suffering and
foreclosures, due to low tariff on our pro
ducts, on Monday last we he ; d a jubilant
mass meeting in Fresno. 1100 growers be
ing present, listening to the favorable re
turns reported by our directors of
this season's sales, the result of
the present tariff. Suddenly all is
gloom again, for we know that if
Greece is allowed to dump her surplus
currants on the American market the
ruin of our Industry is certain. Over 3000
growers will be driven to seek other em
ployment, and the millions of dollars in
vested In our vineyards will be wiped out.
Such a blow is nard to bear, particularly
as it is to be struck by the
apostle of protection and the Republican
party. This blow directly affects all the
great fruit industries of California, of
which the raisin industry is a leading one,
and will paralyze their efforts at exten
sion owing to uncertainty of tariff meas
ures, and when your attention is called
to the fact that we have just elected a
Republican Governor and a Senator in
place of Democrats and have returned
only one Democratic Representative out
of seven, we feel you will agree with us
that California does not deserve such
treatment. We have won from the Span
iards the supplying of the American mar
ket with ra'sinp. and we are now engaged
In a similar struggle with Greece in sup
plying: our markets with currants, which
we will Just as sureiy succeed in if we
present tariff is allowed to remain. We
therefore beg of you to delay action in
this matter until we can have a full hear
ing of our side of the case. Very respect
fully,
CALIFORNIA RAISIN GROWERS' AS
SOCIATION.
THEO. KEARNEY, President.
— ♦— -
FEAR THE ZANTE CURRANT.
An Urgent Protest Against Its Im-
portation Free of Duty.
The proposed treaty with Greece, at
least that part of it which relates to abo
lition of the duty on Zante currants, has
stirred up the directors of the State Board
of Trade. Yesterday the following tele
gram was sent by that body to Secretary
of State Hay:
The California State Board of Trade most
earnestly protests against any commercial
treaty with Greece by which the duty on the
so-called Zante currant will be removed or re
duced. While on the free list their competi
tion almost destroyed the raisin industry of
the State. We produce sr. 000, 000 pounds annu
ally by over 4000 individual ownen of vine
yards in which not less than $25,000,000 is in
vested. The industry lo hut Just recovering
under the beneficent Influence of the present
tariff. All thlg will be made clear to you if
opportunity be given.
FAVOR CANAJ, CONSTRUCTION.
Resolutions Adopted by the Farmers'
National Congress.
FORT WORTH, Tex., Dec. 8.-The
Farmers' National Congress to-day adopt
ed resolutions favoring- aid In construct
ing' the Nicaragua canal, with govern
mental control of the same, and favoring
development of the beet sugar industry.
The congress also passed resolutions
! favoring the sale, or lease of arid lands
|so as to make them taxable; asking Con
; gress for increased appropriations for ru
i ral free mail delivery; favoring national
{ legislation to do away with the privi
j leges accorded to original packages of
; oleomargarine under the Interstate eom
j merce law; prohibiting the branding of
i dairy products with the name of the
State or Territory in which they are pro
duced, and urging the necessity for In
struction in the principles of agriculture
in public schools. The resolutions urge
; harbor improvements in Interstate com-
I merce as well as for national defense.
! Boston was chosen as the place where
; the next session will be held. The con
gress then adjourned sine die.
SEEK RIGHTS OF AMERICANS
Hebrews Desire a Treaty With Russia
Whereby They May Be Fairly
Treated.
RICHMOND. Va., Dec. B.— The conven
tion of Hebrew Congrr -ations. In session
here, to-day received the report of the
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1898.
committee on civil and religious rights,
which says:
"We urge the importance of making
every effort toward the enactment of a
treaty between the United States Gov
ernment and that of Kussia similar to
that existing between England and Rus
sia, whereby the rights of American citi
zens of Jewish birth shall receive equal
recognition with those of others."
It was decided that the next meeting
be held in Cincinnati. The executive
committee unanimously elected Julius
Freidberg of Cincinnati president for the
ensuinp- two years, Samuel Woolner of
Peoria vice president. Lewis Kohn of Cin
cinantl treasurer, Lipman Levy secretary
and David Levy assistant secretary.
WORK OF THE FLAMES
IN CALIFORNIA TOWNS
Aq Aged Woman Burned to Death in
a Fire in the Macy Block in
Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. B.— Mrs. L. E. j
Kent, aged 74 years, was burned to deatb |
last night in a fire in the Macy block on
Alamo street. She was filling a coal oil
lamp by candle light, when the candle
tipped over and ignited the oil and the
flames caught in the woman's clothing, j
Mrs. Kent came from Denver.
Another one of the oil tanks of the
Standard Oil Company caught fire at 7
o'clock this morning and turned over,
feeding the flame which has been stead
ily burning since 3 o'clock yesterday.
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. B.— At 11:45 last
night a fire at Aptos destroyed a black
smith shop, candy store and dwelling and
scorched the adjoining buildings and the
depot. The contents of Sylva's saloon, j
which was :n danger of fire, were rolled j
Into the street and are a loss, because \
the spigots came out of the barrels of
whisky. Total loss $5000.
SAN JOSK, Dee. S.— The Farmers' Union
building at Los Gatos was greatly dam- i
aged by fire early this morning-. The loss ',
is placed at from $5000 to $10,000. fully coy- j
ered by insurance. The origin of the blazo ;
is not known.
SATAN LOST IN
TEN HOT ROUNDS
A SALVATION ARMY CONTEST
WITH THE FxEND.
Each Time He Changed Opponents
He Fared Much worse
Tuan Before.
Satan was one of the principals in ten
fast and furious single round contests in !
a twelve-foot ring last night in the ,
Salvation Army Temple on Market street. [
Though he was knocked out in every
round he came up smiling until the tenth, !
when he was knocked out by an "un- '
known," who, though sick, landed a ter- '
rible blow on his solar plexus, and Satan
went down and out Just as Corbett did
at Carson. There was no betting on the
contest, though some of the ungodly in .
the audience offered 10 to 1 oh. the devil
with no takers. Major Winchell acted as
referee, and at no time was he obliged to
tell the contestants to "break away." He
had to caution Satan very often for fight
ing foul. At the end of each round tne
referee rendered a decision in the form of j
a scriptural quotation.
The devil entered the ring arrayed in a !
swallow-tail coat, red hood and trousers
and a blaok silk hat. He appeared to be
trained too fine, and was overconfident. ■.
The fight by rounds follows:
First round— His opponent was a baby
Ib his mother's arms, and as the little
one was not up to weight his mother took J
his part. Satan was extremely cautious,
while the mother was cool and acted on
the defensive. ThiS round was a battle
of words, and Satan endeavored to per
suade the mother to deliver up the child
to him; but when she offered it to God
instead Satan retired from the ring in
confusion, and so lost the contest.
In the second round Satan met a Salva- :
! tion Army lassie as he was tempting a \
young man to coninue in his evil ways, i
There wtis n
was handed to the devil by the lassie, who
was trained to the hour, and again
Satan lost.
Prayer was Satan's antagonist in the
third round, and he received a tern lie
uppercut, delivered by the tteavy-welght
drummer who vociferously seconded i
Prayer, and Satan went to the floor. |
He got up at the call of nine, but was pre- j
sented with another blow of the same de
scription and his seconds carried him '
from the ring.
The pace was beginning to tell on Satan
as he came up for the fourth round to en
cor.nte 1 " a carpenter who had never fougnt
before. The evil one sparred for an open- ;
ing and countered with his ieft, but was j
met v. ith a beautiful cross-counter which ;
tlackened his left optic. Sair.n coaxed
the carpenter in a corner and was. de- j
livering several foul blows when Faith,
Hope and Love. In the persona of three
beautiful young ladies, "McVeyed" them
selves into the ring and Satan threw up ,
the sponge.
A young man desiring to give himself
to the Salvation Army was his opponent
In the fifth round. They danced away
from each other and no damage was done ,
by either. The army man was awarded
the decision on points.
The sixth was slightly in the devil's
favor, as he met two Salvation Army men,
and while he got one the other fell upon
and almost annihilated him.
In the seventh round the taking up of
the collection was opposed by Satan, but
Referee Winchell decided tnat he had lost
by several dollars.
In the eighth round Satan tried to In
j timidate his opponent by disguising him
. self a:< a policeman. He did not scare
thf recruit a little bit. and amid halle
lujahs he retired from the fray consider
ably disfigured, but in the ring for the
ninth round, when he met a captain in a
prayer meeting. Satan was beginning
to lose confidence and he came up groggy,
but determined. The captain was on the
aggressive from the start and he deliv
ered body blows in quick succession and
so won the fight.
In the tenth and last round the devil
showed the effects of the punishment he
received in the ninth, and was very weak
when he met an "unknown," who was (
sick unfo death. He thought he had an ;
easy game, but the sick man, after super- i
human efforts, pulled himself together
and forced Satan against the
ropes, where he punished him at his own
sweet will. Satan sank exhausted over j
the ropes and for the last time was de- I
clared out.
MORE OF PRIOR'S
BODY FOUND
FIRE LADDIES EXONERATED OF
A BASE CHARGE.
False Accusations That Members of
the Department Looted the
Baldwin.
A portion of a body which is presumed
to belong to the dismembered remains of
Tate Prior was found In the ruins of the
Baldwin Hotel yesterday afternoon and
taken to the Morguy. Dr. Gallagher ex
amined the decomposed fragments and
pronounced It the pelvis of a man. As it
was found within a few feet of the spot
where Prior's head and trunk were dis
covered it is almost a certainty that it is
another Bection of his body, which was
cut into pieces when the building fell.
Since the morning of the fire accusations
have been flying about thick and fast
accusing members of the Fire Department
of looting the trunks and rooms of guests.
For a week past The Call has been run
ning down these reports and not a sin
gle instance where a fireman was guilty
of bo despicable a crime has been veritied.
When guests who occupied rooms not to
tally destroyed went after their jewelry
and other valuables in many cases they
found the bureaus broken and the trunks
ransacked. The first cry made was that
the firemen had looted the place, but in
vestigation does not bear out the charge.
Many persons who now claim to have lost
various sums of money are known to have
been practically broke the night of the
flre. This applies particularly to a num
ber of racetrack habitues, who have been
shouting about losing anywhere from $100
to *10,0 W.
E. J. . Baldwin declares that all the
trunks and bureaus in his rooms were
broken open, but he does not accuse the
I firemen. He says he does not know who
i did it.
Mr. Terrill, an Eastern drummer, recov
ered four trunks after the fire, all of
■which were broken into, probably before
the flames broke into the hotel. Thieves
| had plenty of time to ransack rooms after
1 guests left them and before the flames
i drove them from their nefarious work.
The only man known to have lost any
considerable sum of money is Mr. Mc-
Tuska, a regular guest at the Baldwin.
i He had $1100 in gold when he retired Tues
. day night and he placed It on the bu
| reau. His room was not burned and he
I sought to recover his money, but not a
I singie piece was found. One of the ser
| vant girls who ran by his room when the
I frightened people were fleeing for their
lives saw several men in McTuska's room,
i and they were, as nearly as she can tell,
| dividing this money among them. The girl
thought they were firemen and she void
i them they ought to be saving lives in
j stead of stealing. The girl told this story
I to several people and it was the founda
! tion of the story that firemen were the
I thieves who robbed the hotel. A diligent
I inquiry,, carried on secretly for over a
I week, has not produced any evidence to
I show that these men belonged to the Fire
I Department. From other sources it is
almost established that the men who
■■ stole McTuska's money belong to a gang
!of vagTants who infest the vicinity of
Eddy and Taylor streets, and who would
: not hesitate a moment to steal under cir
| cumstances such as were offered when the
I Baldwin was burning.
A GREAT COURSING STAKE.
Dogs of High-Class Breeding That
Will Meet in the Slips at In
gleside Park.
Last Sunday the Ingleside Coursing
Club had the pleasure of seeing the larg
est gathering of sport lovers that has
heretofore been represented at a coursing
meeting, and judging from the very ex
cellent card that has been arranged for
the meeting Saturday and Sunday it can
be safely said that another representative
crowd will be on hand to see the royal
sport.
The usual weekly drawing was held last
evening with the following result:
'■ Open stake— Prizes $110, $75, $53; next
two, $-10 each; next four, $30 each; next
nine, $20 each; next eighteen, $9 each;
making the grand total of $780.
The run down, commencing at 12 o'clock
sharp: *■?,'; h??c~*'~: ,
D. Ford's Bonlta vs. P. J. G. Henna's Fear
Not; Larkey & Rock's Liberty Bell vs. T.
Logan's Miss Grizzle; J. Farley's Rosaleen
vs. London & McCullough's (names) Van
Nelda; E. M. Kellogg 1 s Kid McCoy vs. Eclipse
Kennel's Crosspatch; J. Dean's Gladiator vs.
J. P. Thrift's Forgive; H. A. Deckelman's Old
Glory vs. P. O'Donnell's American Eagle; J.
P. Thrift's St. Michael vs. A. Massey's Hadl
wist; Russell & Wilson's Jenny Wilson vs. J.
O'Dowd's Solerno; J. Jones' Galivant vs. Lon
don & McCollough's Magneto; P. J. G. Kenna's
Royal Buck vs. Lowe & Thompson's Prince
Hal; M. Nealon's Bed of Stone vs. J. Quane's
Marietta; P. Rellly's Master Mat vs. G.
Smart's Silkwood; J. Jones (names) Red Cloud
vs. William Aiken's Sir Marmion; J. Farley's
Tullamore vs. M. Allen's Miss Alice; K. M.
Kelloggr's lowa Girl vs. A. Massey's Hattel;
J. Murnane's Miss Dividend against J. Saee
han's Get There; Eclipse Kennel's Diana vs.
F. Moran's Golden Russet; J. Farley's Mystic
vs. White _ Earth Kennel's Safeguard; J.
O'Shea's Rathbone vs. J. Eagan's Mayflower;
P. J. G. Kenna's Flyaway vs. Captain Clark
son's Conqueror; P. Reilly's speculation vs..
Dr. McLaughlln's Coolrane; Captain Clarkson's
Henry Gow vs. M. Nealon's Bona Dee; P. J.
G. Kenna's Rocklln Belle vs. G. Reddy's Ber
nice; P.Brophy's Benicia Boy vsC. Strehl's Sky
lark; Larkey, & Rock's Myrtle vs. J. Hurley's
O. K. Capitol; Joe Perry's Commodore Nash
vs. Lowe & Thompson's Phoebe; P. J. G.
Kepna's Jesse Moore vs. R. Julius' Signal;
Larkey & Rock's Emerald vs. H. A. Deckel
man's Pet Klrby; M. Michallk's Fireball vs.
White Earth Kennel's Lottie M: .1. P. Thrift's
Forget vs. D. Cronln's Swinnerton; J. O'Shea's
Young America vs. Eclipse Kennel's Lenora;
P. Heran's Martha Washington vs. F. Moran's
False Flatterer; T. Gibson's Matchless vs. H.
A. Deckelman's Prince George; D. Kabers"
Bell of Moscow vs. J. Desmond's Fielder; J.
O. Dowd (names) Mission Tip .vs. White Earth
Kennel's Mystic Maid; A. Massey's Lightfoot
vs. W. Perry's Campania.
The Call's tips are as follows: Bonlta, Lib
erty Bell, Van Needa, Crosspatch, Gladiator,
Old Glory. Had! wist, Jenny Wilson, Magneto,
Prince Hal, Marietta. Master Mat, Sir Mar
mion. Miss Alice, lowa Girl, Get There, Golden
Russet, Safeguard, Rathbone, Flyaway, Specu
lation, Kerry Gow, Rocklin Lass, Benicia Boy, (
O. K. Capitol, Commodore Nash. Jesse Moore,
Pet Kirby, Lottie M. Forget. -Young-America,:
False Flatterer. ■ Matchless, Bell of Moscow,
Mystic Maid, Llghtfoot. \ ,■* . -. •■ :-.:
Sunday's coursing will commence at 10:30
o'clock sharp by order of the president, who
Is very desirous that the sport will be finished
before darkness Interrupts' the • view of the
spectators. - ■■.•', . >; _•.--■'
» ♦ «
DIVORCE COURTS BUSY.
Almore K. Daggett, the Attorney,
Sued by His Wife.
' Almore K. Daggett, a well known attor
ney and notary public, w T as made de
fendant in a suit for divorce filed yester
day by his wife, Hortense Gertrude Dag
gett. As a cause of action Mrs. Dagrgett
alleges extreme, cruelty. She sets forth
no specific acts of cruelty, but simply
states that for over a year prior to the
commencement of the action for divorce
her husband has been in the habit of
treating her in an inhuman manner. By
reason of such treatment she avers that
her health has been impairea, a».d that
unless she Is granted a divorce it will be
further injured. In addition to the de
cree of divorce Mrs. Daggett asks for the
custody of her son, Guy Keith Daggett,
together with suitable alimony.
Mary Meyers also asks for a divorce
from her husband, William Meyers, upon
the ground of cruelty. Mrs. Meyers says
that her health has been impaired by rea
son of the treatment she has been forced
to endure, and for that reason she seeks
a divorce.
Mary P. Bennett has applied lor a di
vorce from Charles S. Bennett upon the
ground of failure to provide.
Bridget White was granted a divorce
frvm Robert White yesterday on the
grotind of willful neglect.
Adole Rivers was granted her applica
tion for a divorce from J. J. Rivers on tne
ground of extreme cruelty. The couple
were married in Oakland on the 10th ult.,
and from the first Rivers began to abuse
his wife. No longer able to stand the ill
treatment, she applied to the courts for a
divorce, and carried the suit to a success
ful issue.
A decree of divorce on the ground of
habitual Intemperance was granted Ida
Berggren from Anton Bergrgren yesterday
by Judge Belcher. Bessie Holly was
granted a divorce from George T. Holly
on the ground of willful desertion. Jerome
Madden was granted his application for
a divorce from Nellie E. Madden on the
ground of extreme cruelty. Mamie Chil
ders has been granted a divorce from
John Childers on the ground of willful
neglect. The suit of William S. Sharp for
a divorce from Mabel Sharp was heard
yesterday, and a decree was issued the
plaintiff on the grounds of extreme cruel
ty and infidelity. The default of the de
fendant in the suit of William Rosenberg
against Minnie Rosenberg was ordered
entered. The day's work in the divorce
courts was ended by the filing of a suit
for divorce by Philliplne Hanson against
John Hanson. The plaintiff alleges fail
ure to provide as a cause of complaint.
TRAVELERS AT THE TIVOLI.
Their Annual Theater Party Was a
Flattering SucceßS.
The annual theater party griven by the
California Travelers' Association last
evening at the Tlvoli Opera House met
with the usual success that has charac
terized such entertainments given under
the auspices of the association In the past.
The theater was crowded almost to Its
capacity with an appreciative audience.
In the gathering were representatives
from nearly every branch of commercial
Industry. The boxes and the front rows
of the orchestra were specially reserved
and occupied by the prominent members
of the association, their families and in
vited friends.
A unique feature of the theater party
was the souvenir programme presented
to each visitor to the performance. It
■was in the shape of a drum. Inscribed in
I gilt letters against a bright blue back
; ground, forming the center of attraction.
; was the name of the association. The in-
I terior of the programme was devoted to
the pictures of the principal members of
the organization, with an accompanying
; anecdote written by the members for the
I amusement of the guests.
I After the conclusion of "Cyrano de
j Bergerac" the president of the Travelers'
I Association delivered a short address, ex
: pressing appreciation of the unusual en
thusiasm manifested in the event.
Dances at the Palace.
The Delta Sigma Delta fraternity of
Berkeley College will give a dance in the
Maple Room of the Palace Hotel this
evening. To-morrow evening the Bache
lors Cotillon will indulge In the same
pleasure.
TO ENDOW A COT FOR
STAGE CHILDREN
Little Ones Will Give a Matinee Benefit Performance of
Francis Powers' Play, "The First Born," on Christ
mas Day, at the Alcazar Theater.
GEORGE OSBOURNE'S plan for organizing a society of "Children of
the Stage" is booming, and applications for membership have come
pouring in. So eager are the youthful members to at once plunge into
the serious business of the club that the invitational entertainment
and Christmas tree festival, originally slated for Christmas day, has been
entirely lost sight of, and in its place It has been proposed to at once
undertake the more serious aims of the organization. The most am
bitious goal that the "Children of the Stage" have as yet proposed Is the
endowment of a cot at the Children's Hospital. To realize funds for the
undertaking of this noble purpose, a performance of Francis Powers' Chi
nese drama, "The First Born," will be given by the little members on
Christmas day at the Alcazar Theater.
This ia the first time in the history of the local stage that children have
sought to interpret bo ambitious a work. George Osbourne, to whom all
honor Is due as sire of the organization, Is coaching the diminutive com
pany, and reports most gratifying results. So spiritedly and enthusiasti
cally have the children entered Into the Idea of the benefit performance
that Osbourne looks upon the management of the affair as an ideal pleas
ure. On Sunday at noon there will be a dress rehearsal, and tne tiny actors
will don for the first time the gaudy dress of the Orient. The play will be
cast as follows: Looey Tsing, a slave girl, Miss Daisy Grogan; Chow Pow,
an amah, Miss Alice Condon; Chan Lee, a faithless mother, Miss Nellie
Whenchel; Dr. Pow Len, a physicbian, Master Al Wiel; Man Low Yek,
a merchant, Master Dave Clark; Chan Wang, the deserted father, Master
Milton Wroth; Hop Kee, a pipebowl-mender, Master Charles Thall; Chum
Woe, a highbinder. Master Harry Smith; Kwa Kee, a soup peddler. Mas
ter Harry Sledge; Duck Low, in spite of the Geary Law, Master Gus Tait;
Sum Chow, a servant of Men Low Yek, Master Gus Talt; Chaw Toy, Chan
Wang's first born, Little Mamie; Way Get, a guide in Chinatown, Master
George Clayton; ragpicker (a bit of local bric-a-brac). Master George Clay
ton; tourists, visiting the slums, Master Joe Loughlan, Misa Alice Condon,
Miss Nellie Whenchel.
The performance will begin promptly at noon, so as not to Interfere
with the home festivities of Christmastlde.
NORTHER SHAKES UP
CRAFT IN THE BAY
A FIFTY-lIILE BREEZE CAUSES
DAMAGE.
The Lumber Raft Broken to Pieces.
Schooner Mary C. Russ Badly
Chafed at Powell Street.
Quite a breeze came up after sundown
last night and gave the vessels lying at
the seawall a shaking up. At 6p.m. It
was blowing twenty-eight miles an hour
from the north and from that on the
wind gradually increased, until at 9 p. m.
it was blowing fifty miles an hour.
The schooner Mary C. Russ was lying
at the Powell-street wharf and she got
the full force of the breeze. She began
to chafe, and when some of her bulwarks
were demolished the captain thought It
was time to move out into the bay. He
sent a telephone message to the Red Stack,
tugs and the Joseph H. Redmond soon
had the schooner in tow and dropped her
in a safe anchorage.
The quarantine boat Sternberg and the
revenue cutter Golden Gate got the full
benefit of the blow, and as it seemed to
be Increasing, Captain Macfarland took
the Sternberg around to the Mail dock
and Lieutenant Buner steamed the Golden
Gate to the south side of the Lombard
street freight slips.
At section 3 of the seawall the Italian
bark Stefo.no Razeto and the British ship
Peleus chafed a little and had to nut out
extra mooring lines and get out renders,
but the wharf suffered more than the
steel ships. The big raft, which gave so
much trouble to the tugs to tow her here,
nearly went to pieces. ,It did consider
able damage to the underpinning of the
wharf and a goodly portion of tha sawed
lumber escaped from the raft and went
to sea on the ebb tide.
All the tugs were on duty and Captain
McCoy was on hand to superintend opera
tions at the Black Stack office and Cap
tain Gray at the Red Stacks.
NEEDS OF WEST MISSION.
Property Owners Clamor for Improve-
ments on Silver Heights.
Prom West Mission street, formerly
Mission road,, from the residents and
property owners comes a complaint of
j neglect on the part of the Board of Edu
| cation. It is complained of for not pro
viding funds for the erection of a suitable
school building near China avenue and
| Mission street. The present school build
| ing, the Monroe, which was moved from
East Mission, near the City and County
Hospital, about fifteen years ago, has
been undergoing patch work at the hands
of the School Department for years, until
now it is unfit for the housing of cattle,
much less of children. Besides, the build-
Ing is not half large enough to accommo
date the number of pupils who seek at
tendance.
Another complaint comes from the prop
; erty owners against the Supervisors for
! neglect in not providing against flre by
having- an engine house near at hand. Tne
nearest engine is three miles away from
the thickly settled section. So far as be
ing any real protection to the dwellings
j in the West Mission section, it might as
i well be located in Oakland. The district
I has no hydrants and no proper supply of
water; not even a flre alarm box can be
found, should such a thing be sought.
A requisition for electric lamps on tne
line of Silver avenue, from Mission street
to the San Bruno road, has been filed
1 with the Supervisors for months, but so
I far none have been erected.
FORGOT THE GOLD DEMOCRATS
A Man Denied Naturalization Be
cause of an Alarming Blunder.
Otto Montz Becker, a native of Ger
many, and Albert Sinyard of Newfound
land applied to United States District
Judge de Haven yesterday for admission
to citizenship. Becker passed the exam
ination and was naturalized, but Sinyard
made a serious blunder and was turned
away, still a foreigner. When Sinyard
was asked by Assistant United States
Attorney Banning as to the manner of
the election of the President of the Uni
ted States he replied that the President
was elected by the votes of the Republi
cans. Colonel Irish almost fainted when
he learned that the Gold Demo
crats had been ignored. Sinyard also ex
pressed the opinion that United States
Senators were elected by the votes of the
people.
MUST BXJTLD OR LET GO.
Southern Pacific to fie Kept Strictly
to Its Promise.
"Erect the shops or open the streets."
That is, in effect, what the Board of Su
pervisors has eald to the Southern Pa
cific.
The promise made by the company In
1892 to erect shops and improvements in
the district bounded by Channel and
Brannan and Fourth and Fifth streets
has not been kept nor has any action
been taken toward its fulfillment. Th«
promise to erect improvements that
would be valued in the millions was given
in all sincerity and upon it the Board of
Supervisors of that day closed the dis
trict described to all traffic and uses save
those of the railroad company.
Since then the company has made use
of the property and has kept none of its
pledges, and the following resolution,
passed favorably upon yesterday by the
Street Committee of the board, is calcu
lated to settle the matter one way or
the other:
Resolved, That the Southern Pacific Com
pany be and are hereby notified to erect their
shop? in this city, as per agreement set forth
in their petition presented to this board Octo
ber 31. 1892.
Hale & Norcross Judgment
The distribution of the Judgment re
ceived in the case of Fox against the Hale
& Norcross Silver Mining Company has
nearly been completed. On Wednesday
morning Judge Hebbard signed an order
authorizing Receiver Groom to pay out
$95,000, and yesterday morning signed an
order authorizing an additional payment
of $43,016. There still remain 17,000 out of
112,000 shares upon which dividends must
be paid.
THE PASSING OF
WILLIAM J. SINON
SUCCUMBS AFTEB A LONG
ILLNESS.
Was a Prominent Member of the
Democratic Party and Held
Many Responsible
Positions.
"William J. Sinon died of consumption
at his home, 2015 Hyde street, yesterday
morning after an illness of more than a
year. He was a prominent member of
the Democratic party for years, and by
his faithfulness to the principles in which
he believed and the generous manner in
which he treated his associates he won
for himself a host of friends who mourn
his death.
Mr. Sinon was born in Brantford, Can
ada, in 1854. Early in the sixties he came
to California with his father, William
Sinon. the well known contractor, who
died recently. He was elected to the As
sembly from the Ninth District in 1868 and
re-elected two years later. After finish
ing his second term he was made a mem
ber of the Democratic State Central Com
mittee. He served as wharfinger for four
years, was Deputy County Recorder for
two more and served as Deputy County
Clerk under M. C Haley. In 1894 he was
appointed superintendent of Station A of
the Postoffice Department, which posi
tion ho retained until July of last, year,
when he resigned on account of 111 health.
A daughter, 9 -years old, an unmarried
sister and an uncle, all residing in the
city, are left to mourn his death. The
funeral services will be held at his former
home Saturday morning at half-past 3
o'clock and at St. Brigid's Church at 10
o'clock. The remains will be interred in
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Arnold Pollak Insolvent.
Arnold Pollak, representing the firm of
Arnold Pollak & Co., tobacco merchants
of this city, filed a petition in insolvency
yesterday In the United States District
Court. Judge de Haven took up the case
end declared Pollak a bankrupt. It is
understood that the matter had been
___ ADVERTISEMENTS.
I IVI O XKT ■— ' :^ -i ■ ■ -^W '■' ■- '■ ' *
Xlt/tJI tJI WePW^y<*v I^S- V " 2
(All Wool.)
Coats are double- L °rm '"
I breasted and have Ki;l| 1
large sailor collars. Bsß^x^hßHl
A large assortment mjfpl 1 Mmm
pf handsome designs i^^ m I 1
and shades of blue, |.'-14J i 1
brown and subdued
Scotch mixtures. Bn^M| jk JBH
Ages 4 to 15 years. W^&MsiM
agreed upon by the creditors. The liabili
ties are $87,029 and the assets a homestead
valued at $10,000 and now being foreclosed
for $7900. _
NOW BANK AS DETECTIVES.
Policemen Dinan and Gibson Beceive
Deserved Promotion.
The Police Commissioners on Wednes
day night promoted Policemen Jere
miah Dinan and Tom Gibson to
the rank of detectives to fill
the vacancies caused by the death of
Detective Joseph Bee and the promotion
of Captain John Seymour. For some time
past both Dinan and Gibson have been
doing special duty in the upper office.
Dinan's principal work has been in the
tenderloin district, where he has made
some brilliant captures. Gibson, since be
ing under the direct supervision of the
captain of detectives, has personally at
tended to a number of important cases.
Both men are highly esteemed by their
fellow-officers and the promotion was a
source of congratulation not only among
the members of the detective department,
but to all the patrolmen with whom they
are on friendly terms.
Patrolman Van de Bogart, charged with
being in a saloon while on duty, was dis
missed from the force.
WELLS-FARGO'S FIGHT
AGAINST STAMP TAX
THE CASES MUST GO TO THE
FEDEBAL COUBTS.
This Will Give the Patriotic
Corporation the Desired
Delay.
"Wells, Fargo & Co. are not letting any
opportunity go by for defeating i-a
war revenue tax case. At the very
first its officers made the declaration
that they would not pay the tax for
carrying on the war with Spain, and
later they stated that if the courts de
cided on a teat case that the burden of
the one-cent stamp fell upon the com
pany and not the public the corporation
would abide by the decision of the court.
It was also argued that there was no use
for the merchants of this city to begin
any proceedings here, as fhe question was
under consideration of the courts of the
East, and a decision by the Eastern tri
bunals would be observed "here. Assured
by this promise, the Merchants' Associa
tion decided not to push Tne matter, es
pecially where it was sure of receiving
so little support by the United States
District Attorney. Nothing was done m
this city until Attorney General W. F.
Fitzgerald began a proceeding to compel
the express company to stand the cost of
the one-cent revenue stamps. About that
time there was a case taken into the Jus
tices' court, where the complainant won,
but, being a poor man, he could not stand
the expense of carrying it much further.
After the Supreme Court decided that
the case brought by the Attorney General
should be brought in the Superior Court,
Mr. Fitzgerald ttWl the papers in the ac
tion there. Yesterday the express com
pany began its campaign of delay and
technical fighting. Papers were filed in
the Superior Court to have the matter
transferred to the United States Circuit
Court. The bonds were filed, and the
matter will next appear in the Federal tri
bunal. This trial is not likely to happen
until after the new year, aa the Circuit
Court's next term will not begin until
January. The end of the case appears
about as far away now as at the begin
ning.
Suit For Water Bights.
The Merced Gold Mining Company, a
Montana corporation, has filed a suit in
the United States Circuit Court against
David Dorward. C. M. D»bney and Daniel
Corcoran of Coulterville, Mariposa coun
ty, to quiet title to the water rights of
a ditch forty-flve miles long, from the
South Fork of the Tuolumne River to
Horseshoe Bend, in Mariposa County.
■ m ■
Sanborn & Tail's lamps, onyx tables,
globes and shades make beautiful pres
ents. Their big show windows are full of
them this week. •
Mills Gets a Judgment.
Arthur D. Mills was awarded a judg
ment for damages in the sum of $5000
against Farns*orth & Ruggles, team
sters, for personal injuries, by a jury in
Judge Hunt's court. Several months ago,
while Mills was riding on the steps of a
Market street car, one of defendant's
teams ran against the car and severely
injured him.LADIES' AND MISSES' JACKETS.
.A.t $5.00.
MISSES' JACKETS, made of covert, Kersey or boucle cloth, fly or double-
breasted front?, regular price $8 50 and $10, sale price $5 each.
A.t $6.50.
MISSES' JACKETS made of Kersey, covert or two-toned boucle cloth, fly or
double-breasted fronts, some lined, others half lined with silk, regular
price $10 and $12 50, sale price $6 50 each.
AX $7.50.
MISSES' JACKETS, made of fine quality Kersey, covert or cheviot cloth, fly
or double-breasted fronts, regular price $12 50 and $15, a sale price $7 50 each.
At $10.00.
MISSES* JACKETS, made of fine imported cloths, in all the latest .lades, fly
or double-breasted fronts, lined throughout with silk, regular price $17 50,
sale price $10 each.
LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS.
At 75 Cents.
LADIES' BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, lined and bound
with velvet, regular price $1 25, sale price 75c each.
At $1.00.
LADIES' COLORED DRESS SKIRTS, made of fancy mixed suiting, lined with
percaline and bound with velvet, regular price $150, sale price $1 each.
. AX $2.75.
LADIES' COLORED DRESS SKIRTS, made of fancy suitings in all the latest
colorings, double lined and bound with velvet, regular price $4 50, sale price
$2 75 each. -~ V; ;
At $7 SO.
LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, fan-pleated -backs,
double lined and bound with velvet, regular price $10, sale price $7 50 each.
■At $12.50.
LADIES' BLACK SATIN DRESS SKIRTS, Spanish flounce, far. pleated
backs, double li.'.cd and bound with velvet, regular price $17 50, sale price
$12 50 each.
At $10.00.
LADIES' TAN KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, lir.ed throughout with
taffeta silk, new sleeve, regular price $17 50, sale price $10 each.
A.t $12.50.
LADIES.' KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, lined throughout with silk, fly or dou-
ble-breasted fronts, color tan, navy and green, also black, regular price
$20, sale price $12 50 each. ; __•.;' ,%:'•>.,
LADIES' CAPES.
A.t $5.00.
LADIES' BLACK KERSEY CLOTH CAPES, pleated backs, trimmed with
braid and beads, regular price $7 50, sale price $5 each.
At $7.50.
LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, inverted pleat in backs, handsomely braided and
beaded, collar and fronts edged with Thibet fur, regular price $12 50, sale
price $7 50 each; \v-.V V;'.'.
SPECIAL FOR THE HOLIDAY TRADE I
A complete and styl'sh stock of FUR COLLARETTES, INITIAL HANDKER-
CHIEFS, FEATHER BOAS, DRESS LENGTHS. JACKETS, CAPES and
SUITS and numberless other suitable Christmas Gifts.
\p IF Market, Jones and McAllister Sts^ /
K& Vf San Francisco. /
JOHNNY REIFF
IS A THORITE
WITH THE STUD
His Grand Finish on
Libertine.
DON LUIS A CONUNDRUM
AN EXCITING DRIVE IN THE
HANDICAP.
Soscol Beaten a Head by Etta H,
Ridden by G. Wilson— Schnitz
Beat the Barrier and
Won a Purse.
When Johnny Reiff. the jockey. Is tossed
upon the back of the big sprinter Liber
line he resembles very much a Stockton
Slough mosquito trying to straddle an
olophant. Galen Brown's bay horse was
j^ked to beat some very moderate com
pany in the third event at Oakland yes
t.-rd"ay a seven furlong affair, and the
ring laid 8 to 5 against him. A year or
bo ago he could have performed the feat
without half trying, but is not the horse
of yore He was also a trifle sore, and
was last away when the barrier was re
,l. Master Reiff took matters coolly,
and gradually picking his way to the
front led Imperious, with "Skeets Mar
tin up, past the judges a length. The
.mart little speck of a man was enthusi
astlcally cheered by the occupants of the
stand, with whom he Is a great favorite.
Long shots had quite an inning during
the afternoon. Don Luis aowned the odds
on favorite. Chihuahua, at odds of 10 to
1 and Schnitz made a runaway race of an
other sprint, with 15 to 1 at one time
chalked againet his name. ** vori *f
reached the wire first on but two occa-
Eions. ,
On his brilliant showing some days ago
In a ruce with Obsidian. Limewater and
iV Medals, the Morello colt Marte o
was picked to win the opening scramble
for two-year-olds, closing, an S to o
choice. Thorpe kept him m f"> nt « n "j
within a few yards of the wire, where he
waa collared and beaten out a head by
the second choice. Peter Weber. Olen
hi' ked by the stable, finished third.
Although he had a hard race the day
before, Chihuahua was started again in
the six furlong spin, second on the card.
Jt looked easy for him, and the fast
(-printer closed a 2 to 5 chance. Looking
:ill over a winner. Turner got up the last
;>art with the outsider Don Luis, winning
by a scant half length. Colonel Dan was
a Close third.
The high weight handicap, decided over
the Futurity course, was a very prettj
. contest, resulting In another win for the
good mare Ktta H, splendidly ridden bj
Gus Wilson. In the betting Sport McAUis
: ter closed favorite, with Amasa next in
demand. After leading to the stretch
. weight began telling on the latter anrintei
and he was soon passed by both Etta H
suid the favorite. At the paddock Spor
was all out, and in ;i furious d--iv<- >•"♦•
H just lasted lonp enough to finish a head
before the fast coming Soscol, a 15 to 1
shot, piloted by Turner.
Schnitz. at one time as good as 15 to 1.
■was presented with the fifth event, also
decided over the Futurity course.
"Skeets" Martin beat the gate with him,
nnd the chestnut won alll the way. Maj
esty, a rank outsider, was second, and
Kirardo, one of the favorites, third. The
latter, with any kind of an even break,
would have won handily.
Dan Honig's Zamar opened favorite for
the final seven furlong run. but receded
when a heavy play was made on Mamie
CL Zamar made all the running, but was
beaten handily at the end by the latter
mare, with Eddie Jones in the saddle.
.»
Track Notes.
Johnny Coleman has returned from his
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Thursday, Dec. 8, 1898.— Twenty-second
day of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track fast.
J. A. MURPHY, Presiding Judge. JAMEfa B. FERGUSON, Starter.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
«m.
Mm.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
307 Peter Weber 105 5 ... 32 32 lh lh Devin 3 3
309 Martello 107 2 ... lh 12 21 24 Thorpe 8-5 8-5
213 (ilengaber 10S 4 ... 4 1 514 4h 3 h N. Turner 4 7-2
307 Racivan '. 105 1 ... 5h 6 2 5 2 4 1 J. Ward 10 25
2)3 Limatus 105 3 ... 21 22 3h 51 I-Tones 5 8
307 Fermo 103 6 ... 6J 4 4hi «3 6 4 ißullman 10 30
289 Simi 108 8 ... ? 'i 7 1 7 2 7 3 Powell 10 20
272 Cheated 103J 7 ... 8 8 8 8 |Gray 15 20
Time. 1.0H4. Winner, Ed Ryan's b. g. by imp. Conveth-Lily Dale. Good start. Won
first three driving.
Weber held Martello safe all through the stretch. Glengaber got away from the post
wrong foot first, but finished well. Others a poor lot.
5
2
4
1
3
.6
8
.!■
3 2
1 h
4 1
5 h
2 1
6 >i
7 ',4
8
3 2
1 2
5 U
6 2
2 2
4 * '
8
1 h
2 1
4 h
5 2
3 h
6 3
7 2
8
1 h
2 4
3 h
4 1
5 1
6 4
7 3
8
\.
i
«
irner
ard
I an
II
3 3
8-5 8-5
4 7-2
10 25
5 8
10 30
10 20
15 20
Q(i SECOND RACE— Six furlongs;
i; purse, $350.
Index. Horse.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
308 Don Luis 109! 5 ... 514 5 1 4 1 1% N. Turner..
323 Chihuahua lio! 6 ... 42 32 24 22 Piggott....
286 Colonel Dan 112 2 ... 2 h I*4 1 li 3 4 Thorpe
294 Aluminum 109 1 ... lh 2Va 32 4h J. Ward....
308 NoneSuch 109 3 ... 6 6 6 54 Bennett ...
266 Little Alarm 109 1 4 ... 3 2 4h 6 hi 6 Gray
308 Don Luis 109! 5
323 Chihuahua lio' 6
286 Colonel Dan 112 2
L"M Aluminum 109 1
30* None Such 109 3
266 Little Alarm ...1031 4
5 Vi
4 2
2 h
1 h •
•;■:■« -S»V
3 2
5 1 .'
3 2
1 l ±
24
6
4 h
4 1
2H
1 % ■
32
6
6 Vt
3 4
4 h
5 4
6
Turner
[gott
orpe
5 10
.... 3-5 2-5
4 6
.... 30 100
.... 60 200
5 9
Ward
nnett
iy
Time, 1:14^. Winner, E. F. Smith's eh. g. by Imp. Midlothian-Alameda.
Won first three driving.
Don Luis lv» reversible horse. Piggott on the favorite grew careless and
out. Little Alarm created no disturbance. Colonel Dan Is crippled and uncerti
Good start.
was nipped
:ain.
OQ7 THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
him.
\m.
Str.
317 Libertine, a
323 Imperious, 3
288 Sly. 4 A
2!<3 Pongo, 3 1
303 Flandes, 3 1
200 I>ady Britannic, 4...:
303 Manzannla, 4 1
317 O'Fleta, 6
8
4
6
3
1
7
2
5
' 8
3 1
5 li .-•:•.-
2 X
-: l 4
6 2 .
4 h
-■ 7 1
: 4 Vi
3 1
6 h
2 h
1 h
7 2
6 2
■■>■: ■-
2]|
1 h
7 2
C 2
8
2 h
1 h
3 4
63
4 2
7 2
6 2
-■8 --■- ■
1 1
2 1
3 2
4 2
6 3
6 4
7 6
8
Retff !
Martin
wer
>lmes
torpe
illman
xner
•yin
7-6
5-2
15
4
I
10
12
8-5
3
15
25
4
7
12
30
Time, 1:27^4. Winner, J. G. Brown & Co.'s b. h. by Leonatus-Falalse. Good start. Won
cleverly. Second and third driving.
The winner appeared to be sore, and also got a poor start. Had Sly not been bumped
against the rail the last part she would have won. Flandes seems to be of little use.
QQQ FOURTH RACE— Futurity course (170 feet less than six furlongs); high weight
O-£O» handicap; all ages; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Mm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
292 Etta H. 4 1
3C6 Soscol, 3 :
(312) Sport McAllister, 6.
(260) Amasa, 3 1
301 Homestake, 4
... Rosebeau, 2
292 Etta H. 4 118 2 ... 81 3% lh In JG. Wilson 5-2 7-2
3C6 Soscol, 3 110 4 ... 43 4H 42 2n |N. Turner 12 16
312) Sport McAllister, 6.114 1 ... 21 2h 2h 86 Spencer 6-5 7-5
[260) Amasa, 3 118 3 ... 12 11 31 44 Powell 3 2
301 Homestake, 4 97 5 ... 5 6 510 615 515 Houck 30 30
2
4
1
3
5
6 • '
8 1
4 3
2 1
1 2
56
6
3 %
-4 H
2 h
1 1
5 10
6 - "
lh
4 2
2 h
8 1
B 15
<
1 n
2 n
8 6
4 4
5 15
C
5-2
12
3
30
6
7-2
16
7-5
2
30
10
. . . Rosebeau, 2 96| 6 ... 6 6 8 6_ [Ward | 6 10
Time. 1:11. Winner, H. F. Edwards & Co.'s eh. m. by Flambeau-Miss Mitford. Fair
start. Won first three driving.
The weight anchored Amasa. He is a very small horse. Soscol would have won in an-
other Jump or two. Sport ran well and showed plenty of sameness. Roaebeau received
no consideration from Ferguson.
OQQ FIFTH RACE— Futurity course; Belling;
; purse, $350.
••.'• »
Index. Horse. Af?e. Weight.
V*m.
%m. .
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
314 Schnltz, 6 105 1 ... IS 14 12 1 n H. Martin.... 7 10
3OS Majesty, 3 103 1 2 ... 2h 21 2H 23 Bullman 20 25
317 Iticardo, a 1121 5 ... 6h 4h 6h 3 1 O'Nell 3 3
317 Kosemaid. 3 112 4 ... 4 1 73 7 2 4 1 Rutter 10 25
(27^) Durward, 4 112 10 ... 10 1 9 2 B'4 S 2 J. Relff 15 15
"07 Defiant, 3 106 11 ... 11 6 1 6 1 6 2 Spencer 10 25
314 Jack o1o 1 Lantern, 4.107 6 ... 8 1 3 2 3 2 7 1 N. Turner.... 2 3
303 Gracias, 3 112 1 8 ... 6h 10 2 9 2 8 2 Ames 20 40
3»8 Bativerso. 3 112| 7 ... 7h 8h 10 8 9% Beauchamp .. 8 20
2SI Koulette Wheel. 3. .112 9 r ... 9 1 11 11 10 10 Devln 15 20
r>'is) lerilderlo, 4 112 3 ... 8 2 5h 4Vi 11 C. Sloan 4 3
314 Fchnltz, 6 II
3OS Majesty, 3 1<
317 Hicardo. a 11
317 Rosemaid, 3 l:
(27!*) Durward, 4 1'
207 Defiant, 3 1(
314 Jack o' Lantern, 4.X
303 Gracias, 3 11
3(i« Baliverso. 3 11
2M Koulette Wheel, 3..1:
f295) Jerilderlo, 4 11
1
2
5
4 ■
10
11 "
6
8
7
9
3
1 5
2 h
6 h
4 1
10 1
11
8 1
6 h
7 h
r ... 9 1
8 2
1 4
2 1
4 h
7 3
92
6 1
3 2
10 2
8 h
11
5 h
12-
' 2 V,
6 h
.- 7 2 =* "
|8 >4 ,
,51
3 2
■ 9 2
. 10 8 -s
11 *~
'■:. 4 %
1 n
2 3
3 l
4 1
,;-•■ 5 2
6 3
7 1
8 2
9 %
10 10
11
i. Martin....
Pullman
VNell
tutter
r. Relff
ipencer
■f. Turner....
vvnes.
Jeauchamp ..
)evin
'. Sloan
Time, 1:11%. Winner, H. L. Jones & Co.'s eh. h. by Panique-Illia. Good start. Won
Schnitz beat the gate half a dozen lengths. Jack o' Lantern broke down. Rlcardo came
from the rear by the overland route. He was much the best.
qqA SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
purse, $350.
Index. Horse.- .Age. ..Weight.
14m.
',sm.
*m.
Str.
Fin.
317 Mamio d, S j
(288) Zamar 11. 4. -■
(248) Judge Stouffer. 4..1
31S Inverary 11. 3
300 Outaway, 5 1
(273) Up Happy. 3
11" Mnmto a B 102 1 22 21 21 22 12 E. Jones I 3 2
f : 's) Zamar II 4 110 4 12 12 11 1* 2 3 H.Martin 2 7-2
I^4*o Judne Stouffer. 4. .107 2 5n 4n 32 38 36 N. Turner.... 3 6
31S Inverary 11. 3 106 8 3 b 5 1 4 1 4 1 4 5 Piggott t 4
MO cutaway 5 110 6 41 3h 51 62 51 Bullman 5 7
(27J) Be Happy 3 ...105 6 6 6 6 6 « Beauchamp .. 15 8
1
4
2
3
5
6
2 2
12
;5 n v
T-3 b ; ;
41
■ ■--! 6 ■ £
2 1
1 2
4 n
5 1
3 h
6
2 1
1 1
3 2
4 1
5 1
6
■ : 2 3-'
1H • "
3 3
4 1
6 2
■.■-6-' .-■•
1 2
2 3
3 6
4 5
El
I
Jones
Martin
Turner
,'gott
llman
luchamp ..
Time 1:27%. Winner, Caesar Young's blk. m. by imp. Pirate of Peniance-Anna Clay.
Good Htart. Won easily. Second and third driving.
The mare outran Zamar. Too fast for the Judge. Outaway Is waiting for rain. In-
verary lacked •p«e»'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1898.
SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS
■' ; ;*; ;" "—" — — gxs®®<aXs<^S)®®®®®(s® — -7- — - — — — ,
THIS WEEK'S OFFERING
- - - OF - - -
NEW AND SEASONABLE GOODS
■ — — — — — sxg)®®®s)®®®®®®(sXa^ — -— — — ■ — ; — -
We have on sale this week a number of Special Lines from our leading
departments, which we offer to the public at VERY TEMPTING PRICES as an
extra inducement to visit our establishment and inspect our New, Complete
and Extremely Stylish Stock of Winter: Goods.; •".-: ,\ \ : ' ■' -\A"-\
EXCELLENT VALUES in MEN'S
FURNISHINGS!
At 5 Cents.
1000 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' HEMSTITCHED JAPA-
NETTE HANDKERCHIEFS, with white and fancy
borders and large sized; regular price $1 50 a dozen;
■will be offered at 5c each. . . '\
At 15 Cents.
MEN'S ALL- LINEN HEMSTITCHED HANDKER-
CHIEFS, with embroidered initials; will.be offered at
15c each.
At :25 Cents.
MEN'S ALL-LINEN HEMSTITCHED HANDKER-
CHIEFS, with embroidered initials and fancy boxes
of one half dozen each; will be offered at 25c each,
$1 50 a box. ■ ..]/:
At ;25 Cents.
400 dozen MEN'S EXTRA FINE ALL-SILK NECK-
WEAR, in ' Teckß > and four-in-hands (a special pur-
chase), all extra value for 50c; will be offered at 25c
each.
At 25 Cents.
75 dozen MEN'S JAPANESE ALL-SILK HANDKER-
CHIEFS, hemstitched borders, printed in the newest
designs, I*4 inches wide and extra size; regularly
sold at 50c; will be offered at 25c each.
At \2^ Cents.
3 cases MEN'S MEDIUM WEIGHT SANITARY UN-
DYED CASHMERE SOCKS, with double spliced
heels and toes; worth 25c; will be offered at 12y 2 o
a pair.
At 25 Cents.
MEN'S HEAVY WOOL SOCKS, in sanitary gray and
camel's hair colors, , made full-finished and with
double spliced heels and toes; will be offered at 25c
a pair.
At 75 Cents.
Two cases MEN'S HEAVY UNDYED WOOLEN UN-
DERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, all sizes; regular
price $1; will be offered at 75c each.
At 31. 00.
One case MEN'S AUSTRALIAN WOOL UNDER-
SHIRTS AND DRAWERS, warranted thoroughly
shrunk; worth $1 35; will be offered at $1 each.
At $1.50.
Two cases EXTRA HEAVY AUSTRALIAN LAMB'S
WOOL UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, war-
ranted shrunk, good value for $2; will be offered at
$1 50 each.
hunting trip, and looked after the inter
ests of the Stuyvesanv Club.
Eighteen book-makers weighed in yes
terday.
Riley Grannan was once more seen on
the block.
Caller Bob McGibbon was almost In
GREAT REDUCTIONS IN LADIES' AND
CHILDREN'S FANCY HOSIERY.
At 25 Cents.
800 dozen of CHILDREN'S LATEST STYLE HOSE
in plaids, Scotch squares and Tartans, usual
price 50c the pair, will be sold for 25c.
At 25 Cents.
200 dozen BOYS' EXTRA HEAVY IMPORTED COT-
TON HOSE, fast black, in bicycle and 2-1
ribbed, all sizes, at 25c pair.
At 33! 3 Cents.
100 doz^n CHILDREN'S FAST BLACK IMPORTED
CASHMERE RIBBED HOSE, with double heels
and soleiJ. will be on sale at 33 l-3c pair.
LADIES' HOSIERY.
At 15 Cents.
300 dozen LADIES' FAST BL..CK HOSE with self
tops, blue, pink, lavender and red, in Richelieu
and Rembrandt ribs, at 15c the pair.
At :25 Cents.
500 dozen LADIES' NOVELTY COTTON HOSE in
plaids and Roman stripes, our usual price $6 00
a dozen, will be on sale at 25c the pair.
At 35 Cents.
400 dozen LADIES' FANCY LISLE THREAD HOSE
in Scotch squares and plaids, never sold for less
than $6 00 a dozen, will be on sale at 35c the pair.
At 5O Cents.
300 dozen FANCY LISLE THREAD HOSE in all
all the latest designs, plaids, Tartans and Van
Dyck patterns, plain and ribbed, with vertical
embroidery, worth 75c and $1 00 the pair, will be
sold for 50c.
Ladies' Underwear.
At 5O Cents.
100 dozen HEAVY GRAY FLEECED LINED VESTS,
all sizes, with long sleeves, at 50c each.
At 5O Cents.
100 dozen ECRU, EXTRA-HEAVY MACO COTTON
COMBINATION SUITS in all sizes for 7 ladies,
worth 75c each, will be sold for 50c suit.
At $!.00.
300 dozen LADIES' GRAY, WHITE AND BLACK
JERSEY RIBBED WOOL VESTS, Munsing,
Star of Garter and other celebrated makes, at
$1 00 each.
tears when he discovered that his sprinter
J ac* C Lantern had broken down.
The following are the conditions of an
extra race to be run at lngleside Monday.
December 12, the entries for which will
cose on Saturday at noon: SelHng, purse
fM) of which $50 to second and $25 to
third horse. For all ages that have not
won two races this year, the winner to be
sold at auction for $300. Two-year-olds
to carry 100 pounds, three-year-olds 110
pounds and four-year-olds and upward 115
pounds. One mile.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race — Futurity course; two-year-olds:
selling; colts and geldings.
...Crutch MS 302 Gilt Edge 105
321 Faversham 10S (32O)Dunpraise 108
(307)Sllver Beaux.... 105 259 Polka 105
Second Race— One mile; three-year-olds and
upward.
323 Bonnie lone 100 ] 317 Alvero 109
299 Recreation lflu 292 Rosormonde ....100
315 Guilder lOOi
Third Race— Six furlongs; two-year-olds.
309 Llmewater 108 282 Olinthus 101
2.52 Malay 105] 321 Anchored 108
305 Gauntlet 108 i (305) Sam McKeever.lOS
Fourth Race— One and an eighth miles; three
year-olds and upward.
277 Morelllto 103 1 (293) Hugh Penny.. ..104
816 Napamax Cat (311) Topmast 104
Fifth Race— Futurity course; all ages.
(27S)Rublcon 115 ... Bellicoso 115
313 Wood Robin.... 92 (274) Miss Rowena...lll
317 Balllster 103| 83 Dolly D 117
Sixth Race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward.
<314)Cardwell 112 j 329 Ricardo 109
324 L,osette 104' 308 Beau Monde... 107
322 McFarlane 109) 303 R. de L. AngeleslO4
327 Pongo 107 314 Brown Prince... 104
294 Mt. McGregor. .m! 318 Colonial Dame. .lo4
163 Melkarth 1041 278 Fly 109
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Silver Beaux, Dunpraise, Faver
ehani.
Second Race— Recreation, Guilder, Rosor
monde.
Third Race— Sam McKeever, Limewater,
Gauntlet.
Fourth Race— Napamax, Topmast, Morelllto.
Fifth Race— Miss Rowena, Rubicon, Belli
coso.
Sixth Race— McFarlane, Ricardo, Mount Mc-
Gregor.
FORGERY ALLEGED.
Warrant Out for the Arrest of F. T.
Duncan, a Druggist.
A warrant was issued by Judge Joach
imsen yesterday for the arrest of F. T.
Duncan, druggist in the Press Club build
ing, on a charge of forgery. The com
plaining witness is E. C. Heller, a clerk
in Raphael's store.
Dunfian, prior to July 9, had a drug
store at 359 Devisadero street. That day
he removed to the Press Club building.
While in business on Devisadero street
he became in arrears to the Bell Tele
phone Company and was put on their
"black list, which meant that he could
not get a telephone again.
After removing to the Press Club build
ing he went to the office of the telephone
company and, it is alleged, represented
that he was E. C. Heller and made a
contract for a telephone in his store. He
paid up for a month or two and fell into
arrears again. The telephone company
found that Heller was employed at Ra
phael's, and when seen he denied all
knowledge of the contract and also de
nied that he gave Duncan authority to
sign his name to the contract. Hence the
warrant for Duncan's arrest for forging
Heller's name.
Deputy Poundkeeper Held.
John Logan, a deputy poundkeeper, was
yesterday held to answer before the Su
perior Court by Judge Conlan on a charge
of assault with a deadly weapon in $1000
bonds. Logan was one of the pound men
who assaulted Charles Mitchell, a saloon
keeper, on Kearny street, while he was
trying to rescue his dog from their
clutches.
Murder Charge Dismissed.
The charge of murder against Mrs.
Mary Elizabeth Balkwell in connection
with the death of Mrs. Jennie Fisher of
Berkeley was dismissed by Judge Con
lan yesterday on the ground that no evi
dence whatever had been adduced to sus
tain the charge. Mrs. FalkweU. on hear
ing the decision, burst into tears.
Sanborn, Vail & Co. have mirrors,
combs, brushes, atomizers and manicure
tools in their perfumery department. The
very best moderate priced goods made. •
PRESS CLUB
ENTERTAINMENT
A BIG SUCCESS
The Columbia Packed
to the Doors.
THE SIXTH ANNUAL BENEFIT
POTPOURRI OF THEATRICAL
AMUSEMENTS.
The Show Was of an Exceptional
Character, and Despite Its
Length Was Run Off
Smoothly.
The annual entertainment of the San
Francisco Press Club packed the Colum
bia Theater yesterday afternoon with an
audience of the typical matinee genus
all silent and absorbed appreoiation and
but little applause. The entertainment
furnished was a potpouri in which noth
ing theatrical but deep, breathless trag
edy was omitted.
George Lask, whose recent transconti
nental adventure for Cyrano's sake has
told on his weight, held the rudder lines,
and he did his best to run off a pro
gramme that was long enough for a con
tinuous performance. By some gigantic
mental process he succeeded in material
izing the larger part of the bill. The
relict he attached to the index expur
gatorius when the clock struck 5, Mr.
Lask's dinner hour.
The entertainment was ushered in by
an overture by Rosner'a Hungarian or
chestra. This was succeeded by Miss
Louise Veiller's "Keeping Up Appear
ances," In which the Alcazar company has
won much success. Then came vaude
ville, John Morrisey's contingent from
the Orpheum, which was most cordially
received. The audience clamored for en
cores and the trouble began to boil and
sizzle. Lask for the first time in his life
surrendered to the omnipotent star.
Straight down the line of vaudeville the
show went without a hitch until the fe
male barytone, Miss Emma Cams, was
reached. Just then it was discovered that
Miss Carus had left her music and her
hat pins at home, both of which a mes
senger boy brought into court, and the
show continued.
In order to please the lovers of the
fadum modernum, "Cyrano de Bergerac"
was given a chance. Those who had not
seen the performance at the Tivoli and
who expected to see a Cyranese de Brlc
abrac were again disappointed. The third
act, the most beautiful of Rostand's wild
fire comedy, was tue one to which the Ti
voli Company limited itself, and it was
the most nrtistic number on the pro
gramme. Miss Lichter's singing of the
serenade, "To Roxane." was applauded
with more than the matinee abandon.
After the Tivoli Company had had its
brief hcur on the stage the vaudeville re
serve was called Into action. The "Gay
est Manhattan" stars took the front this
time and they worked as amusement
servers until the striking of the stage
clock warned the manager that dinner
time was upon him, so the rest of the
card was scratched.
The benefit to the club from the per
formance will exceed that of former
years. Every seat in the house was sold
and the advertisments in the souvenir
programme, which is the handsomest y«t
produced, netted large returns.
The programme was as follows:
Overture (Benolst). "For Love and Glory."
Rogr.er's Hungarian Orchestra, E. M. Rosner,
director. The Alcazar Theater Company in a
BLANKETSIJLANKETS!
.A-t 5O Oents.
5 cases COTTON BLANKETS, in white, gray and vicuna, worth 75c, c n spe-
cial sale at 50c a pair.
.A.t SO Oents.
5 cases COTTON BLANKETS, in white, gray and vicuna, worth 90c, on spe-
cial sale at 60c a pair.
.A-t ©5 Oents.
5 cases COTTON BLANKETS, in white, gray and vicuna, worth $1, on special
sale at 65c a pair.
-A.t 75 Oents.
5 cases COTTON BLANKETS, in white, gray and vicuna, worth $l 15 on spe-
cial sale at 75c a pair.
.A.t SO Oents.
5 cases COTTON BLANKETS, in white, gray and vicuna, worth $1 25, on spe-
cial sale at 90c a pair.
.A.t $1.15.
5 cases COTTON BLANKETS, in white, gray afid vicuna, worth n 50. on spe-
cial sale at $1 15 a pair.
-A/t $1.25.
5 cases COTTON BLANKETS, in both white and gray, worth $1 75. on special
sale at $1 25 a pair.
.A.t $2.45.
4 cases 11-4 WHITE WOOL BLANKETS, 72 inches wide, worth $:) 25, on spe-
cial sale at $2 45 a pair.
-A.t $3 25.
4 cases 11-4 WHITE WOOL BLANKETS, 72 inches wide, worth $4, on special
sale at $3 25 a pair.
.A-t $3. r 7's.
3 cases 11-4 WHITE WOOL BLANKETS, 72 inches wide, worth $4 50, on spe-
cial sale at $3 75 a pair.
-A.t $3.95.
3 cases 11-4 WHITE WOOL BLANKETS, 72 inches wide, worth $5, on special
sale at $3 95 a pair.
.A.t T* Oents.
6 cases OUTING FLANNEL, in lengths of from 8 to 15 yards in a piece, the
best grade and a large line of colorings, worth 10c and 12Vi»c, on special
sale at 7Vsc a yard.
SPECIAL FOR THE HOLIDAY TRADE!
A complete and stylish stock of FUR COLLARETTES. INITIAL HANDKER-
CHIEFS, FEATHER BOAS, DRESS LENGTHS, JACKETS, CAPES and
SUITS and numberless other suitable Christmas Gifts.
//// Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., /
\jf San Prancieco. /
comedietta, in one act, by Miss Louise Velller
of the San Francisco Call, entitled "Keeping
Up Appearances," by courtesy of David Belasco
and Mark Thall— Cast: Harry Thornton, a law
yer, Ernest Hastings; Mrs. Thornton, his wife.
Miss Gretchen Lyons: Mr. Randolph, her
father. George' Osbourne; James, a servant,
Charles Bryant; Edward Lada, musical di
rector: Charles Bryant, stage director. Spe
cialties from the Orpheum Theater, by kind
permission of the Walter Orpheum Company,
Morris Meyerfeldt, president; John Moirisey.
manager: Senor Antonio Vargas, barytone of
the Mexican National Theater, City of Mex
ico, in the "Song of the Evening Star," from
the opera of "Tannhauser" ; Miss Franc Strang,
mezzo-soprano, in ihe song "A I>ream," com
posed fey J. C. Bartlett; Harry Atkinson, the
Australian Orpheus; Miss Emma Cams, the
phenomena! female barytone: Miss Etta Butler.
the clever impersonator; Baker, Sellery anil
Bartlett. In their laughable sketch. "Divorces
While You Walt." Senor Rafael Meany, piano
virtuoso, director of the Guatemala Conserva
tory of Music, in Rhapsodle Hongroise. No. II
(Liszt): Miss Marie Vlnson of the Morosco
stock company, in a selected specialty (by
kindness of Walter Morosco, proprietor Mr>
rosco's Grand Opera House); overture, "Or
pheus" (Offenbach). Rosner's Hungarian Or
chestra. E. M. Rosner. director (violin solo
rendered by Bernat Jaulus). The Tivoli Opera
Company, by kind permission of Mrs. Ernestine
Kreling. in the third act of M. Edmond Ros
tand's romantic comedy. "Cyrano de Bergerac"
—Cast of characters: Cyrano de Bergerac, Ed
win Stevens; Christian de Gulche. Henry Na
pier; Comte rie Guiche. William H. West: a
Capuchin monk, Frank Thompson; nages. Mlps
Hannah Davis, Miss Etta Schultz; the Duenna,
Miss Christine Stockmeyer; Roxane,
Miss Elvla Crox: Miss Anna Lichter will sing
the serenade "To Roxane" at the beginning
of the act; Max Hirschfeld, musical director.
Specialties from "Gayest Manhattan," by
courtesy of Messrs. Gottlob, Marx & Co.. man
agers of trie Columbia Theater, and John F.
Harley. manager "Gayest Manhattan": Miss
Octavie Barbe. Chansons Populaires: Mr. Carr
and Miss Jordan. In a travesty entitled "The
Noblest Roman of Them All": Miss Jean Me-
Tlmoyle and J. Kfernan, in "Glimpses From
Coon Alley"; Frank Gardiner, in "Odds and
Ends": Miss Jennie Lind Lewis, in "One of
ye Old Tyme Ballades."
LADY GOLFERS.
Foursome and Competition in Driv
ing on the Presidio -links To-Day.
This morning the ladies will occupy the
links of the San Francisco Golf Club.
There will be a competition in driving and
foursomes, nine holes, with handicap.
Each contestant in the driving: competi
tion will have three drives from the tee,
the distance to be measured to the spot
on which the ball alights from the fly,
not to the spot where if finally comes to
rest after the roll. Each contestant in
the foursomes will keep her handicap,
based on the form Dreviously displayed
on the links. If the play In the Winslow
medal competition on November "15 is
taken as the standard 79 will be the
scratch score. Miss E. Carolan will re
ceive a handicap of 2, Miss C. Taylor a
handicap of 3, and Miss Alice Hager a
handicap of 7.
During the past few days Mrs. W. B.
Goodwin. Miss Laura Gaylord and Miss
E. Wood have been out on the links. Miss
Gaylord having made one round in 93 and
Mrs. Goodwin a score of 76.
Ten o'clock is the hour set for the com
mencement of play.
Cruelty at Sea.
Jack Kaufman, a sailor from the steam
whaler Alexander, called at the office of
the United States Attorney yesterday
with a tale of cruelty on the high seas.
He shipped from this port as a gTeen
hand, and when in the Arctic Ocean, near
Point Barrow, he was at the wheel. He
was ordered by First Mate T. Varnum to
put his helm "hard up and "did not per
form that trick hard enough and was set
upon by Varnum and knocked down and
kicked and jumped upon. A warrant will
be issued this morning for the arrest of
the mate.
Kellini Again Held.
Tomaso KellinJ, who shot and killed
Mrs. Laura Parker, alias Spain, on No
vember 6, was yesterday held to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Mo
gan on a charge of assault to murder in
$2000 bonds. Besides killing Mrs. Parker
Kellini fired a shot at George Spreen. who
was with the woman at the time, and
wounded him in the shoulder. He has
already been held on the murder charge.
The Martin Shooting.
W. J. Martin, the bartender who was
shot by his wife Eva in her room at 119
Ninth street, on Wednesday, is improv
ing at the Receiving Hospital, and no
serious results are apprehended. Mrs.
Martin appeared in Judge Joachimsen's
court yesterday morning, and the case
was continued for a week.
f\ it «i w *
t Neat, Serviceable. %
♦ IF YOU MUST BUT CHRISTMAS
A » presents, why not • give something <S>-
| v useful, neat and serviceable? And such ~<^
<& a present is always acceptable. Our •■• v '
stock of Holiday Novelties in Shoes and <$•
rf- Slippers is complete. Give us a call be- A
& fore purchasing elsewhere. We appre- v
a -elate the fact , that every one looks <$>;
around and shops a little at this season a
$> of the year, so give us a call, look our ■
a stock over and if not : satisfactory you ♦
are not compelled to buy. Gentlemen's <e>
«> Black or Brown Vici Kid Romeos. •
V" turned soles," reduced to $1.50 &
- Ladies' Stylish Fur-trimmed Felt • ,*
♦ Juliets. Flannel Lined. Coin
, a Toes: Colors Red, Brown or » ■ ♦
i y Black SI 00 a*
♦ Ladies' Dongola Kid, Fur-trim- .
a mcd Juliets. Coin T0e5........... 1.50
| T-.?; Ladies' Fancy Plaid or Quilted <4>
| ♦ Fur-trimmed Juliets." 1.75-
♦ CROCHET SLIPPERS, Red, Blue, Pink «>
" , Black or Brown: ■ • ' .
♦ Child's sizes, 8 to 10V-... 7fse
Misses' sizes. 11 to 2.T....»0c <^
«► Ladies' sizes. 2>i to 7 81 on a,
q Men's sizes. 6to 11.......::;.;:*i;25 *,
G' : L-BMBk. - ' " ' '; ' A*"
Men's: Embroidered , : Slippers, either <*>
A opera or Everett styles, from 75c up- .
v ward. . ♦
♦ ."-'.-■ ./•''■ .. — — .-.••-> ■ A
a Our new illustrated catalogue just v
v . out; send for one. ..-' ' ♦
*> :■'■'■'■■"■- ' ■ ♦
• Country orders solicited. -Address
♦ B, KATCHINSKI, *f
> PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., '♦
■J<, - ' ;10 Third St., San Francisco. : ♦
♦ '", -■ "■'■•■ ■ . ♦
<S> <^4> ♦ <S> ♦ ♦ ♦ •$> ♦. ♦ <» ♦
llgts^?^^ iVi EY ERS
ivtP i^^^S\ Specialists for Men
- \«lu i V^^^^--.l^M^rnilng-.weak»»ai add eon--
'&§!ii V '?Hleii''«T»'&iss^ Unfortunate men who c *» -
@Sj >J A uot call * hould VT ' U toT **
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS. • _ AH FBKE. ••..:,
■ --.. >»■ Thonauids cured at boma
,lettertCollfi<lent, lettertC0Ilfi<lenti * I \ x<> Charge for Consultation*
73! BAN^BaIcIBCO 1 Ekv,t.r Entrant
Munyon'sHeadache and lndigestlonCure
Is the 1 only remedy on the market that
will cure I every form .of Headache ' in 3 '■<'.
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and f
every traveler's gripsack. At all Drug-
gists. *: 25 cures 25c. -^
DDTTGUI7O FOR BARBERS. BAJC- r
DnUUliriO '"• bootblacks, batk-
*■**■■ V>'**"*~.,> hooaea. billiard tabu*.*
brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers. . anera. f
dyers flournvllg, foundries, laundrtea. P*p*r-
; han*er». V printers, - painters, aho* factortsa.
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, ate. *
•~™ * BUCHANAN BROS.. ;
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento SI ;
56
FRIDAY DECEMBER 9, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. F.
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE «AN FRANCKSCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In tb's city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year: per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rl££s House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Buildlnft
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Mootgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open ur>ttl 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSbMENTi
California — "A Boy Wanted Just for Fun."
Columbia— "Gayest Manhattan."
Alcazar— "The Private Secretary."
Tivoli— "Cyrano de Bergerac."
Moroßco' B— "Blacklisted."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Gorrilla man, vaudeville and the zoo.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, specialties.
Butru's Baths— SwimmlnK.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Charity Bazaar.
Oakland Race Track— Races to-day.
Ingleside Coursing Park— Coursing Saturday and Sunday.
G:t-n Park— Mission Zoo, Sunday.
Rosenthai — Coming In December.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterfleld— This day, at 11 o'clock. Furniture,
At K4S Twentieth street.
FOR OUR SOLDIER FRIENDS.
THE soldiers now in Manila will have occasion to
bless the thoughtfulness of Mrs. Price of
Healdsburg. It was owing to this lady that ar
rangements were made for forwarding to the troops
books and magazines. All contributions will be sent
free if placed in the care of The Call. The California
Northwestern Railroad will carry from points along
its line all reading matter that may be con
signed to it through the agency of Mrs. Price. This
allows the citizens of San Francisco and of a wide
scope of country to remind the boys at Manila that
they have not been forgotten. Within a few months
the soldiers may be returning, but there are weary
weeks still in the tropics and the long voyage home.
The next ship to Manila will have on board a sub
stantial token of remembrance, and every ship to fol
low until all the volunteers shall be again in their
native land should have a similar store.
LEES VS. WALLACE.
THE case of Lees vs. Wallace, although not by
this title, will come up in court to-day. The
Prince of Forgers, Karl Becker, the "Dutch
man," the wizard of the pen, will be brought to the
bar for sentence.
A brief review may not be out of place. Becker
was at the head of a gang who contrived a successful
forgery which involved the raising of a check for $12
to a check for $22,000, and getting the bogus paper
cashed. There were several in the scheme, and be
cause they disagreed among themselves an exposure
followed. Becker, together with one Creegan. was
arrested, put upon trial, found guilty ;.nd sentenced
tc the penitentiary for life. Since the passing of the
sentence Becker has been in the County Jail awaiting
a new trial, which, occurring recently, culminated in
a hung jury. Before a third trial could be had
Becker's associate deserted him, in the hope and upon
the promise of clemency, stipulating with the police
that he would testify against Becker, a despicable
piece of roguery, stamping him as a deeper dyed
scoundrel than his chief.
Becker, seeing that his own case was hopeless, then
pleaded guilty, being led to this by the assurance
from Chief of Police Lees that a sentence of seven
years in the penitentiary should be meted cut to him,
with credits for the time spent in the County Jail. A
question naturally arises as to whether the Chief has
not exceeded his authority. What right has he to
be Judge and jury? Thus the affair simmers down to
an issue between Chief of Police Lees and Superior
Judge Wallace. If Wallace shall abide by the in
iquitous arrangement concocted by Lees in the inter
ests of a dangerous felon, plainly the bench becomes
but an adjunct to the Police Department, a powerless
and discredited mouthpiece.
Becker was once proved guilty. By his own con
fession, he is guilty. Happily Judge Wallace has not
been even indirectly a party to the unholy bargain.
He is in no manner bound by the dictum of Lees. The
Bankers' Association is a private concern, which, by
declaring itself satisfied with a sentence of seven years
for Becker, commits an impertinence. No difference
what Lees may decree, or in what the bankers may
acquiesce, for the climax is in the hands of Wallace.
He can demonstrate that the court is bigger than
Lees, bigger than the Prince of Forgers, and above
being swayed by a dicker between crime and incom
petency.
It is not within the province of a journal to argue
with a Judge. Wallace knows the facts. He has a
full conception of their impo'-t. He is near
ing the end of a term during which his in
cumbency has been an honor to himself and a
gratification to law-abiding people. It is hardly
a supposable contingency that among the last acts
of his official career will be one catering to a Lees
or kowtowing to a Becker. We confidently expect
that the arrangement for imposing a nominal sen
tence will be swept aside as a presumption, an insult
and an attack upon the public welfare. For Wallace
to impose a less sentence than he did before would be
not only a degradation of his high authority, but
open confession that in the former instance he had
been wrong.
The sympathy which Mrs. Mentel is getting is
hardly enough to soothe and sustain. In fact, the
sentiment that a young woman is at her best when
unarmed is steadily growing in this community.
Spanish and Cubans still seem inclined to fight,
and. while this is to be regretted, the fact that Uncle
Sam is there to act as referee is a guarantee that
that there will be fair play.
The pleasing rumor that a number of Chicago
Aldermen were to be hanged to lampposts seems to
have been based on inadequate information-
THE ZANTE CURRENT COSE.
THE McKinley tariff bill put "currants, Zante or
other," on the free list. This was done without
knowledge of the fact that the Zante currant, be
ing a grape, enters into direct competition with the
raisins of California, for which it is a kitchen substi
tute. The Wilson bill put a tariff on "Zante cur
rants," omitting "or other."
The New York importers contended that this meant
a tariff on this class of dried fruit only when grown
en and exported from the island of Zante, and that
grown on the mainland at Corinth, and at Patras or
Ithaca, etc., must be admitted free. The Collector of
the Port of New York overruled this contention, and
it was carried on importers' protest to the Board of
General Appraisers, before which the case was heard.
The Government case was very imperfectly made out;
the witnesses introduced to sustain it were in a
nebulous state of opinion as to what the Zante cur
rant is, and their testimony rather favored the idea
that it is the common shrub currant, dried. Under
the law, the Collector of the Port, or the Secretary of
the Treasury, has a limit within which to appeal from
the General Appraisers to the United States District
Court. As the Collector and Secretary had no case
on the testimony taken, they declined to appeal, and
the decision of the General Appraisers stood as the
law of the case, and these currants under it were free.
The effect of this decision may be estimated when
it is known that no currants had been exported from
Zante to the United States for about forty years, and
our whole import came from the Morea and vineyards
on the mainland.
In this emergency Naval Officer Irish determined
to take jurisdiction of the case here, where the com
petitive interest lies and the testimony is accessible.
At his instance an importation was made to pay duty
and the importer was compelled to protest. Under
the law all actions in a port of entry under the rev
enue laws are brought in the name of the Collector,
so this one was brought. The case was fully made
in the brief of the Naval Officer, and upon that went
to trial. Under the law in such cases a member of
the Board of General Appraisers is assigned as a
Commissioner to take the testimony, which then goes
to the United States District Court, with the briefs
and oral arguments of the lawyers. General Ap
praiser Shurtleff was assigned to take this testimony,
and sat for many days in San Francisco as Commis
sioner. The first stand taken by the attorneys for the
importer was an accusation that Naval Officer Irish
had exceeded his authority and had overruled his su
perior, the Secretary of the Treasury. But, as the
Naval Officer's action had secured jurisdiction here
and the amount involved was several hundred thou
sand dollars of Federal revenue, this point had no
point.
In his brief the Naval Officer's premise was -that the
Zante currant is a dried grape, and that it is the same
fruit whether grown on the Greek islands, the Morea
ot any part of the mainland of Greece. He brought
to bear upon his case all the resources of botany,
etymology and commercial custom and nomenclature.
As the issue is a burning one now, in view of the free
admission of the fruit being again imminent, we re
sort to the copious and complete statement of the
Naval Ofticer's brief for the facts.
The so-called Zante currant is the dried fruit of a
grapevine, first known and for ages cultivated near
Corinth, and known botanically as the Vitis Corinth
inca. In commerce it was early called the Corinth.
This came to be shortened into corint, and corrupted
into currant.
Dr. Samuel Johnson's Dictionary of the English
Language, 1773, defines it: "Currant, a small dried
grape, properly written Corinth."
McCulloch's Commercial Dictionary: "Currant, a
small species of dried grape, largely cultivated in
Zante, Cephalonia and Ithaca, of which islands they
form the staple produce, and in the Morea, in the
vicinity of Patras."
French Dictionary of the Institute of Belles Let
tres: "Raisin de Corinth; blanc variete de raisin,
nomme aussi pasarelle," the latter being &c name of
a kind of white grape.
Standard Spanish Dictionary: "Pasas de Corinto,"
pasas being Spanish and Portuguese for dried grapes.
Imperial English Dictionary: "Currant, a small
kind of dried grape."
Encyclopedia Britannica: "Currant, the dried fruit
of a variety of the grapevine."
American Dictionary of Commerce, De Colange:
"Currants, the raisins of a small, seedless grape,
growing in huge bunches, often eighteen inches long.
Originally Corinth was the principal place where they
were raised, whence the name Corinths, from which
the word currant has been derived."
Skeat's Etymology of thy. English Language says
the fruit was known in England long prior to 4553 as
a Corinth raisin, which name was corrupted into cur
rant, and that when the shrub ribes was introduced
in the above year it was called currant, from its re
semblance to Corinths, although not seedless.
The inquiry ran through a long list of commercial
and botanical dictionaries, all confirming the Naval
Officer's premise that the fruit is a grape, and that the
name when corrupted to currant passed over to the
fruit of the shrub ribes, our common bush currant of
the garden, to which the Zante currant has no. bo
tanical affinity.
Historically, it was shown that when the Turks
were masters of Greece they completely extirpated
this grape from the Morea and the mainland and
from all the islands which they dominated. The Ve
netians were the masters of the island of Zante and
they domesticated the fruit there, and it continued
to enter the commerce of Europe and came to be
known as the Zante Corinth, or currant. After the
battle of Lepanto, and ensuing upon the final expul
sion of the Turk from Greece, this grape was re
patriated on the Morea, but continued to be known in
commerce as the Corinth currant or Zante currant.
The Naval Officer secured the testimony of the bo
tanical and horticultural professors of Stanford and
Berkeley universities, and introduced Greeks, Turks
and Armenians as witnesses, all proving his conten
tion. He also procured the importation from the
American Consul at Patras of a complete vine, with
the fruit on it, showing it to be a true grape and with
out resemblance or physiological affinity to the shrub
ribes, or common currant. When the case went to
Judge Morrow he decided that the Naval Officer's
contention was correct and had been proven.
Then places were changed. The importers had no
case for appeal from the District Court, and Judge
Morrow's decision stood as the law of the case. But
under the law that was not a finality, the rule stare
decisis did not apply, as it was not the decision of a
court of last resort. Therefore the New York im
porters again rallied, and on a new protest again took
jurisdiction in New York, and that case was pending
when the Dingley bill passed. The case as presented
by Naval Officer Irish influenced the Ways and
Means Committee in putting the present tariff on
Zante currants, and the result was satisfactory to the
raisin-growers of California. As to reciprocal trade,
it was shown by the Naval Officer that the balance on
Greek trade was heavily against us. that she took
of us practically nothing buy petroleum, and that in
1896 she made a commercial treaty with Russia
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1898.
agreeing to take her petroleum of that country.
Mr. Botazzi, the Greek Consul General in New
York, has been a wily agitator of the issue, and has
always cunningly fostered the idea that this fruit is
the common garden currant, dried. As we don't dry
garden currants in this country, of course it would
not be a competing article. The fact, however, is the
exact reverse. It is a grape and competes not only
with our Muscats, but with the seedless Sultana and
Thompson's seedless grapes.
In the testimony presented by the Naval Officer it
was shown that these Zante currants in Greece are
usually dried in the sun on the ground and on beds
of cowdung, which, by fermenting, supplies heat to
hasten desiccation. This accounts for the amount of
filth found in them, which requires that they be laun
dried before fit for use.
The raisin men of California have enjoyed one sea
son of fair prosperity under the Dingley tariff on rai
sins and Zantes. The President is misinformed in the
matter of this competitive fruit, and we appeal to our
members of Congress to inform him and prevent the
ruin of a great industry that will result on making
this fruit free.
THE SUPERIOR COURT VACANCY.
ALTHOUGH they have presented a great deal
of wisdom calculated to illuminate the subject,
the able lawyers of the dail) press have not yet
handed down a decision in the case of the vacant Su
perior Judgeship. In short, they have not yet decided
whether Governor Budd or Governor-elect Gage will
appoint to the late Judge Borden's place, nor whether
the legal tangle caused by the death of the jurist will
result in any appointment at all.
It is not with any expectation that these able law
yers will agree with vs — newspaper lawyers, like real
lawyers, never agree on anything — that we interfere
in this matter, throwing, as it were, our legal castor
into the ring; but the subject is interesting in its com
plications, and that is sufficient excuse for attempting
to cast the effulgent glare of our intelligence upon it.
At the time of his death Judge Borden was filling
an unexpired term by appointment of Governor
Budd. He had also been elected to fill a full term be
ginning January 2, but the official result had not yet
been declared. There is no doubt that Governor
Budd can appoint to the term which expires on Jan
uary 2, but can he or anybody else appoint for the
term which begins on that date? Judge Borden's cer
tificate of election has not yet been issued; in fact,
no one knows officially whether or not he has been
elected. When the Election Commissioners conclude
their labors — unless some one double crosses Judge
Borden's name in the meantime — they will probably
make out a document certifying that he received a
sufficient number of votes at the late contest to elect
him. They have not and cannot have any official
knowledge of his death, and the only way they will
ever discover that he has been summoned to his last
account will be by his failure to appear and claim his
office.
Judge Troutt had been re-elected and will claim his
certificate. Judge Murasky will in due time come
around and get his. Judge Seawell will probably
take a day off and call for his. But Borden will
never put in an appearance. Whether this will create
a vacancy for the term beginning January 2 is a ques
tion the journalistic jurists ought to decide before
they proceed any further with this matter.
There is surely a vacancy in the Superior Court of
this city at the present moment. It is equally certain
that Governor Budd has the power to fill it. If he
does so will there be a vacancy on January 2, or, if
there is, and he names the same man between that
date and the inauguration of Governor-elect Gage,
who can contest the title to the office?
The constitution limits the terms of Superior Judges
to six years and arbitrarily terminates them at the ex
piration of that period. Section 70 of the Code of
Civil Procedure authorizes the Governor to appoint
in cases of vacancy, and the appointee holds until the
election and qualification of his successor. There is
no provision of law enabling a duly elected Superior
Judge to act for a longer term than six years, and the
assumption that Judge Wallace can hold over by vir
tue of an election which took place six years ago is
untenable.
It is our opinion — presented with due deference to
our learned brethren of the daily press — that Gov
ernor Budd controls the situation. If he appoints a
Judge before January 2 and reappoints him after that
date, the gentleman will hold office, not until the elec
tion under the new charter next year, but until Jan
uary 1, 1901.
Concerning a young lady who was recently taken
from the surf, one account has it that she was res
cued by some gallant workmen, another that a dpg
did the business, and a third that the young lady
simply got her toes wet, anyhow. Variety being the
spice of life, these conflicting statements are of course
welcome.
Another court — this time in Michigan — has decided
that express companies must pay a war tax. Against
this ruling the companies advance the plea that they
don't want to pay it. There does not seem to be much
in the plea, but so far it answers the purpose, which
is that of robbing patrons.
For the brutal murder of a sergeant, an officer of
the German army has received a sentence of two years
in prison, which the Kaiser is expected to commute.
By ordering the assassin shot Wilhelm could have
done much to make the army better and himself
popular.
The public will be cheered to learn that the $5,000,
000 fine imposed upon young Gould for the crime
of marrying the woman of his choice has been re
mitted. This country believes in matrimony and
would hate to see it discouraged.
There is an absence of effort to make the Botkin
woman appear as a heroine,, which indicates that in
this region a murderess, or a supposed murderess,
possesses many of the elements of a chestnut.
It is only fair that regiments should return from
Manila in the order they went, and this will start the
California boys home before long. And we won't do
* thing to them when they get here.
Major Moore is said to be drowning his sorrows in
cider, but if the stories told of him are true, he ought
to get enough cider to enable him to jump in and
drown along with the sorrow.
Brandes is now said to rest under the suspicion of
bigamy as well as murder. He may miss the gallows,
but so far as the discarded wife is concerned, he
can't escape.
Auditor Broderick, in his contention that a thieving
School Board has no right to rob the teachers of their
wages, will find himself sustained by good citizens
generally.
Competitors in the six day bicycle race at New
York are physical wrecks now. It may fairly be as
sumed that they were mental wrecks when they
started.
THE CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY
Previous Contentions That Were Made for Its
Abrogation.
The contentions and discussions preced
ing and leading up to the making of the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty and the reasons
that made it apparently necessary and
desirable as well as the several efforts
that have since been made to have it
mutually declared Invalid and abrogated
form a very interesting chapter in the
history of American diplomacy.
The treaty was signed at Washington
April 19, 1850. by Mr. Clayton, Secretary
of State in President Taylor's administra
tion, for the United States, and Sir H. L.
Bulwer, the British Minister at Washing
ton, for Great Britain.
The opening of interoceanic communi
cation had become a matter of paramount
importance to the United States, on ac
count of the vast rush of population to
the newly acquired California, where the
discovery of gold had closely followed the
formal transfer of the territory from the
possession of Mexico, to that of the United
States by the treaty of Gaudaloupe
Hidalgo, May, 1848.
Already in December. 1546, there had
been ratified a treaty between the United
States and New Granada (now Colombia),
by which a right of transit over the Isth
mus of Panama was given to the United
States and free transit over the isthmus
"from one to the other sea," guaranteed
by both of the contracting powers.
Under the shelter of this treaty the
Panama Railroad Company, composed of
citizens of the United States, and working
with capital supplied from the United
States, was organized in 1850 and the road
put in full operation in ISSS.
In 1549, however, before this company
had taken shape, the United States en
tered into a treaty with Nicaragua for
the opening of a ship canal from Grey
town (San Juan), on the eastern coast, by
way of the San Juan River and Lake
Nicaragua to a convenient point on the
Pacific Coast.
Grey town was then, however, virtually
In possession of and occupied by British
settlers, mostly from Jamaica, and the
whole of the eastern coast of Nicaragua,
so far as the terminus of such a canal
was concerned, was held, so Great Brit
ain maintained, by the Mosquito Indians,
over whom she claimed to exercise a pro
tectorate.
That the Mosquito Indians had no set
tled rights over such territorial site and
that, even if they had, Great Britain had
no such protectorate or sovereignty over
them as authorized her to exercise any
dominion or control over their soil, was at
the time insisted on by the United States,
and that position has since been repeat
edly affirmed.
But the mere fact that pretension and
claims, baseless as they were, had been
set up, and that any attempt to force a
canal through the Mosquito Indian coun
try might precipitate a war, induced Mr.
Clayton to ask, through Sir H. L. Bulwer,
the then British Minister at Washington,
the administration of Lord John Russell
(Lord Palmerston being Foreign Secre
tary) to withdraw the British pretensions
to the coast, so as to permit the con
struction of the canal under the joint
auspices of the United States and Nica
ragua.
This the British Government declined
to do, but agreed to enter Into a treaty for
a joint protectorate over the proposed
canal. After some long discussion the
treaty was drawn and signed in April,
1850, and ratifications were exchanged on
the 4th of July following. The provi
sions which it is now sought to abrogate
are embodied in the first article, in the
following language:
The governments of the United States and
Great Britain hereby declare neither the one
nor the other will ever obtain or maintain for
itself any exclusive control of said ship canal;
agreeing that neither will ever erect or main
tain any fortification commanding the same or
in the vicinity thereof, or occupy or fortify or
colonize or assume or exercise any dominion
over Nicaragua, Costa Rica, the Mosquito
coast or any part of Central America; nor Will
either make use of any protection which either
affords or may afford, or any alliance which
either has or may have, to or with any state
or people for the purpose of erecting or main
taining any auch fortifications, or occupying,
fortifying or colonizing Nicaragua, Costa Rica,
the Mosquito coast or any part of Central
America; or of assuming or exercising domin
ion over the same; nor will the United States
or Great Britain take advantage of any inti
macy or use any alliance, connection o»* in
fluence that either may possess with any state
or government through whose territory the
said canal may pass for the purpose of acquir
ing or holding directly or Indirectly for the
citizens or subjects of the one any rights or
advantages In regard to the commerce or navi
gation through the said canal which shall not
be offered on the same terms to the citizens or
subjects of the other.
Since the execution of the treaty there
have been many controversies and much
diplomatic correspondence between the
two Governments respecting the inter
pretation of the principal clauses. Great
Britain having maintained her dominion
over the Belize, or British Honduras, it
has been claimed by the United States
that the treaty is void or has become
voidable at the option of the United
States, on the grounds (in the language
of a dispatch from Mr. Frelinghuysen,
dated July 19, 1884)— first, that the consid
eration of the treaty having failed, its
object never having been accomplished,
the United States did not receive that for
which it covenanted; and, second, that
Great Britain has repeatedly violated her
agreement not to colonize the Central
American coast. On November 19, 1881,
Secretary Elaine, through Minister Low
ell, proposed to the British Government
certain modifications of the Clayton-Bul
wer treaty. He argued that the conven
tion was made "under exceptional and
extraordinary conditions, which had long
ceased to exist — conditions which were
at best temporary in their nature and
which can never be reproduced"; that the
interests of her Majesty's Government
were insignificant, while those of the
United States were paramount; that "the
presumptive Intention of the treaty was
to place the two powers on a plane of
perfect equality, but that in practice this
would prove utterly delusive and would,
instead, surrender It, if not in form yet
in effect, to the control of Great Britain,
as the treaty binds the United States not
to use its military forces in any precau
tionary measure, while it leaves Great
Britain perfectly free and unrestrained,
ready at any moment to seize both ends
of the canal and render its military occu
pation on land entirely within the dis
cretion of her Majesty's Government."
Lord Granville ably fenced the proposi
tion, and a long letter, to which Secretary
Frelinghuysen replied on May 8, 1882, re
counting the history of the treaty and the
changed condition of things since it was
entered into, and saying:
The Clayton-Bulwer treaty waa concluded to
secure a thing which did not exist and which
now never can exist. It was to secure the con
struction of a canal under the grant of 1849
from Nicaragua that the United States con
sented to waive the exclusive and valuable
rights that had been given to them, etc., etc.
Through no fault of theirs (the United States)
time was necessarily lost, the work was never
begun and the concession failed. The Presi
dent does not think that the United States are
called upon by any principle of equity to re
vlve those provisions of the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty which were ipeclally applicable to The
concession of 1849 and apply them to any other
concession which has been since or may here-
after be secured.
In reply, Lord Granville, in a dispatch
of December 30, 1882, denied that there was
any reason for the United States de
nouncing the treaty or that any necessity
existed for removing any of its provi
sions.
Mr. Freling-huysen, in a dispatch of May
5, 1883. reaffirmed his position as to the
voldabilfty of the treaty, on the ground,
first, that the first part of it "related to
the construction of a canal by the Nica
raguan route only; and secondly because
Great Britain has at the present day a
colony instead of a settlement at Belize,"
besides advancing many other argu
ments fully demonstrating the contention
of the United States Government. Further
correspondence ensued, but no definite re
sult was ever reached.
The United States Government has thus
maintained from the outset of the contro
versy that the treaty was void or void
able at its option.
KIND WORDS FOR
O'SHAUGHNESSY
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 7. 1898.
To the Editor of the San Francisco
Call— Dear Sir: You allowed me this
morning a brief comment on the life of
the late Rhodes Borden. To-day the
spectacle of a large congregation of
men and women kneeling before the
altar of St. Joseph's Church, while the
funeral services over the body of Charles
O'Shaughnessy were intoned and sung,
in a different sphere of life furnished
another example r the young men of
this State, which a daily journal may
well notice. I am not given to moral
izing, in fact, as a rule, I dislike theor
etical moralists, but this particular
scene was practically impressive.
O'Shaughnessy was a young man with
a fine face, clear eye and manly bearing.
His working life for ten years had been
spent in an elevator at the Palace.
His appearance and his voice were fa
miliar to thousands of guests repre
senting every part of the world. In a
place involving very great responsi
bility, he had never failed, and his one
act of temporary forgetfulness cost
only his own life. He had been sober,
honest, intelligent, careful, steady,
obliging and agreeable, and, when he
died, he had acquired a character and.
earned a reputation which secured re
gret for his loss and honor to his
memory. It is true, therefore, that
here and everywhere, merit gains suc
cess. The actual business of the world
is not conducted by pothouse politi
cians or by the rioters who pollute the
day and make the night hideous. While
our State produces young men of the
type of O'Shaughnessy no serious danger
will threaten our institutions, our so
ciety or our civilization. The music,
the perfume and the sympathy which
floated about his remains were more
than an clegy — they were an inspira
tion. PUBLICOLA.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
M. A. Robert, U. S. A., is at the Palace.
W. Manson of Vancouver is at the Cali
fornia.
L. C. Dudley of Boston Is a guest at the
California.
Fritz Thynen of Germany is a guest at
the Palace,
F. P. Smallwood of Stockton Is staying
at the Grand.
W. F. White of Portland Is a guest at
the Occidental.
A. L. Robinson, U. S. A., is registered at
the Occidental.
State Librarian F. L. Coombs of Napa
is at the Grand.
M. J. Maloney of St. Joseph is a guest
at the Occidental.
Attorney W. F. Knox of Sacramento Is
a guest at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. C. Adams of Mare Island
are at the Occidental.
Attorney F. J. Thomas of Grass Valley
is a guest at the Lick.
William Wehner of Evergreen Is regis
tered at the California.
Attorney L. W. Fulkerth of Modesto is
registered at the Grand.
A. T. Ames of Gait, a large pump manu
facturer, is at the Lick.
Colonel J. T. Harrington of the Govern
or's staff is at the Lick.
Captain James J. Meyler, U. S. A., is
registered at the Palace.
William Kidston of the steamship
Roanoke is at the Palace.
J. R. Bane and J. H. Einhorn of Santa
Rosa are at the California.
Mr. and Mrs. F. J. T. Stewart of Wash
ington, D. C, are at the Palace.
Mrs. George Reed and Miss Jacobs of
Guatemala are at the Occidental.
J. Goldman, a prominent merchant of
Merced, is registered at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. C. T. Estenos of Lima,
Peru, are staying at the Occidental.
Arthur J. Hunn of St. Louis, a well
known horseman, is a guest at the Grand.
Walter L. Vail, a prominent merchant
of Los Angeles, is a guest at the Palace.
Sheriffs S. D. Ballou of San Luis Obis
po and W. C. Conway of Auburn are at
the Grand.
A. P. Holfhlll of Los Angeles, the pro
prietor of the California Fish Company,
is at the Grand.
Dr. J. Goodwin of Oakdale and Profes
sor O. P. Jenkins of Stanford University
are at the Palace.
Thomas Petch of Eureka, who has large
interests in the oil and paint business, is
staying at the Grand.
William Gillette, the actor, was at the
Palace yesterday. He opens in Oakland
to-morrow night in "Secret Service."
Dr. Charles A. Sheets and -wife of To
ledo, Ohio, are at the Palace. Dr. Sheets
has come to San Fanclsco for the purpose
of locating here.
N. B. Dolson of Seattle and T. J.
Smythe of Salinas are guests at the Lick.
H. Doc C. Barnhart, a prominent citizen
of Santa Cruz, is at the Lick.
J. L. Hass, a drygoods merchant of New
York; P. R. Schmidt, a prominent wine
merchant of Calistoga, and L. F. Moul
ton, a wealthy grain dealer of Colusa, are
registered at the Lick.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
NEW YORK, Dec. B.— John Lawson of
San Francisco is at the Holland. A. W.
Ransome of. San Francisco is at the Im
perial. George Grigg of San Francisco is
at the Glrard.
Nuggets of Gold.
A. G. Wisael, who is prominently con
nected with the Alaska Commercial Com
pany, and who only recently returned
from Alaska, is in the city on his way
back to the snowbound realms of gold.
He is at the Lick, and has with him a
comfortable sum in nuggets. They are all
of a large size and superior quality and
range in price from $10 up to $100 a nug
get. The majority of them were mined
from the famous French Gulch claim.
Mr. Wißsel has a unique watch chain
made of thirteen oblong nuggets joined
by gold hoops. He values the chain at
over 1100, which amount the weight of the
nuggets alone would bring. He speaks
enthusiastically of Alaska and its future.
ARCHBISHOP
RIORDAN WINS
A NOTED CASE
The Bequests in the
Donahue Estate.
RECOVERS TWENTY THOUSAND
IMPORTANT DECISION BY DIS
TRICT JUDGE BEATTY.
An Honest Agreement Not Against
Public Policy and Must Be
Fulfilled by Mrs.
Sprague.
United States District JiJdge James H.
Beatty of Idaho rendered his decision in
the case of Archbishop Riordan vs. Mrs.
Belle W. Sprague in the Circuit Court yes
terday. The questions presented arose
upon a demurrer to the complaint, and
were presented before Judge Beatty while
he sat in the Circuit Court several months
ago. His opinion has been forwarded to
the clerk from Idaho. The defendant, Mrs.
Sprague, is a daughter of Judge William
T. Wallace, and was formerly Mrs. Belle
W. Donahue, widow of James Mervyn
Donahue, deceased.
While Mr. Donahue's estate was in
course of administration at San Rafael,
two agreements were made by the Arch
bishop, Mrs. Sprague and certain Catholic
asylums. By the terms of one of these
stipulations Archbishop Riordan and the
Catholic asylums agreed that in any dis
tribution of the estate two-thirds of the
property should be regarded as com
munity property, and that the estate
should be distributed accordingly.
The law allows a man to give in char
ity one-third of his separate estate and
one-third of half the community proper
ty, the other half going to the widow.
Consequently, the larger the amount of
community property, the more would go
to the widow, and less could go to char
ity.
Judge Angellotti decided that the com
munity property did not reach two-third*
of the entire estate, and, consequently,
those charitable institutions which did
not make the agreement that two-thirds
of the estate was community property
received a greater share tTian Archbishop
Riordan and the Catholic institutions that
did sign the stipulation.
The amount which the Archbishop and
these institutions lost by their stipula
tion was $20,858 40, which the Superior
Court of Marin County distributed to Mrs.
Sprague.
The stipulation upon which the suit de
cided by Judge Beatty was brought was
a part of the same transaction. By that
stipulation it was agreed by Mrs. Sprague
that if a bequest of $2~.,000 for the build
ing of a fountain was decided to be a Kift
to charity and to be taken out of the fund
legally disposable for charitable purposes
she would make up the loss to Archbishop
Riordan and the Catholic charities which
had signed the stipulation with her that
two-thirds of the estate should be regard
ed as community property.
The Superior Court of Marin County
did decide that the fountain was a char
ity, and the losses sustained by that de
cision were as follows: Archbishop Rior
dan, $15,151 51; Roman Catholic Orphan
Asylum, $3030 30; St. Vincent's Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum of San Rafael,
$3030 30, and St. Joseph' s Roman Catholic
Infant Asylum of San Francisco. $757 57.
Notwithstanding the agreement Mrs.
Sprague refused to pay the several
amounts above named, and suit was ac
cordingly brought in the Superior Court,
which she caused to be transferred to the
Circuit Court upon the ground that she
was a resident of th' State of Louisiana,
where she lived with her husband, Rich
ard T. Sprague.
The point upon which she attempted to
avoid her contract was that it was
against public policy, in this: that the
result of the stipulation was to give more
than one-third to charity. This claim is
disposed of by Judge Beatty in an opin
ion covering nine pages, in the course of
which he says: "It may be observed that
at the threshold of the negotiations be
tween these parties their declared pur
pose was to avoid the trouble, expense
and delay of litigation. Such contracts
honestly entered into are not discouraged
by the courts."
In conclusion Judge Beatty said, speak
ing of the plaintiff: "I can perceive no
reason why he may not by such a con
tract as he made with the defendant
protect himself against the possible
adverse action of the court," and con
cluded by deciding that the contract was
not against public policy and that it was
enforceable, and accordingly overruled
the demurrer.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS,
PHELAN BLOCK FIRE — Subscriber,
City. The fire In the Phelan Block oc
curred at about 2 o'clock on the after
noon of February 12, 1898.
NOT ON THE PREMIUM LIST— O. O.
H., Point Arena, Cal. A dime of 1833, on©
of 1855 and a quarter of 1544 are not pre
mium coins. The dimes of that date are
offered for 25 cents each and the quarter*
may be had for 75 cents.
A PLAIN PROPOSITTON-J. X., City.
In the following proposition the language
speaks for itself: "Jones declares that
Lavigne will win a certain contest within
twenty rounds. Brown declares that La
vigne will not win within twenty rounds.
The contest is declared a draw." From
this it appears that Lavigne did not win
within twenty rounds, consequently
Brown's contention is correct.
GAGE'S MAJORlTY— Subscriber, City.
The count shows that at the election held
in California November 8, 1898, Henry T.
Gage received 148,169 votes and James G.
Magulre 128,946. giving Gage a majority
over Magulre of 19.223. As the full returns
as to Job Harriman's (Socialist Labor par
ty) and J- E. McComas' (Prohibition)
vote have not yet been given Gage's ma
jority over all cannot at this time be fur
nished. That cannot be obtained until
the official figures are given to the public.
Cal. glace fru.- 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Our store will be open evenings until
Christmas. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Sanborn, Vail & Co. have a big stock
of the new Taber-Prang and Hargreaves
photo panels, plain and colored, on glass,
with gilt, white, green and ebony frames,
and they have all the desirable subjects. *
The Prince of Wales is colonel of thir
teen British regiments, the Duke of Con
naught of eight, the Duke of York three
and the Duke of Cambridge eight. These
of course include regulars, volunteers and
yeomanry regiments, and the positions are
mostly honorary.
■• « ■
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty -care by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mx«.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL. DEL. CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at
hotel ; longer stay S3 SO per day. Apply at
4 New Montgomery street. San Francisco.
,i ACKER'S ENGLISH iIUSMEDY^WILIIi IUSMEDY^WILII STOP
a cough 'at I any - time, and will : cure the worst
cold ;In twelve ■ hours or ' money j refunded. No
Percentage Pharmacy- '.-'-'-.BIG RUSH OF
MERCHANDISE
TO THE ORIENT
The Peru Sails Loaded
to the Guards.
OVERDUE ST. JOHN ARRIVES
THIRTY-FIVE PER CENT REIN
SURANCE PAID ON HER.
Alexander Harrigan, a Saloonkeeper,
Arrested for Threatening to
Blow Out His Wife*
Brains.
The clerks at the Merchants' Exchange
h;ul a very quiet time of it yesterday.
From 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. there were only
two arrivals and six departures. Two of
these were the steamers Walla Walla
from Puget Sound ports and the Peru for
Hongkong via Honolulu and Yokohama.
The latter took away fourteen cabin and
a few Chinese passengers, but was load
ed to the guards with freight. All the
unoccupied staterooms were filled with
merchandise and every available space
on the ship was taken up with cargo.
Even then the Peru could not take away
all that was offered and a large quantity
of stuff had to be left behind for the next
vessel.
On the bay it was just as quiet as if was
on 'change. The water was like glass
and the only thing moving outside of the
ferry boats was a fleet of scows which
were trying vainly to make their way
against the tide. There was no wind, so
those whom the current did not suit
came to an anchor to wait the turn. . " ■
The Italian bark Stefano Razeto and
British ship Peleus came together at sec
tion 3 of the seawall. The Razeto was
docking and the tide carried her down on
the Britisher, which was fast to the
wharf. The damage was slight and the
vessels were separated without any dif
ficulty.
The overdue American ship St. John ar
rived at Hiogo, Japan, from Philadelphia
yesterday. She was 212 days out and 35
per cent reinsurance had been paid on
her.
The Italian cruiser Etna will start for
home next week. She is, taking on board
COO tons of coal and over a hundred tons
of it has been piled up on the forward
deck. It has been thoroughly lashed
down and is expected to remain in place
even though a storm be encountered. It
has not yet been definitely settled whether
the Etna will go to Italy via the Straits
of Magellan or Yokohama and the Suez
canal.
Alexander Harrigan was arrested yes
terday by Officer W. E. Gwin and was
locked up in the Harbor police station.
Harrigan keeps a saloon at 72l Davis street
and he and his wife do not get along well
together. Wednesday night they had a
row. and according to Mrs. Harrigan's
Story he threatened to blow her brains
out. She was not taking any chances, so
had him arrested for threats against life.
Harrigan took the matter philosophically,
and when Captain Dunlevy fixed the
bail at $500 cash he pulled out a leather
sack and stacked up twenty-five twenty
dollar gold pieces without a word.
George Fay did not fare as well as Har
ridan, as he had to remain in Jail for lack
of bail. Fay secured a horse and wagon
and a bogus order and went to Jackson
street wharf, where he got twenty sacks
of beans on the order. He was driving
away with the load when Officer P. A.
Mahoney came along and after asking
a few questions took the whole outfit to
the Harbor police station. Fay was
charged with grand larceny, and horse,
wagon and beans were held as evidence.
The steamer San Bias was put on the
California drydock yesterday and will get
away for Central American ports on Sat
urday. Captain Alfred Urry will take
the vessel, as Captain Russell is going to
take a rest ashore. Captain Urry was
first mate of the San Bias.
The transport Tacoma is loading rap
idly for Manila, She has on board a num
ber of watering carts, ambulance wagons
and garbage carts, and yesterday was
taking aboard a large consignment of hay
for the horses and mules that are to go
down on her. Only a certain number of
animals will be taken from here, as the
Tacoma will stop at Honolulu and take
aboard the consignment she left there on
her last voyage.
The damage to the Union Iron "Works
drydock was slight. All the necessary re
pairs have been made, and yesterday the
steamer George W. Elder was taken on
It for an overhauling.
We stamp your name in gold letters on
our pockotbooks, card and letter cases,
bill books, memorandums, diaries, lap
tablets, traveling sets, music rolls, valises
and rhatclalne bags. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
A Slave Girl Rescued.
Miss lional'iino Cameron, matron of the
PresbytPrian Mission, has rescued from
a life of shame a Chinese girl recently
an inmut'- <>l a disreputable house in San
June. Her Mongolian masters have caused
n warrant to be issued for the girl's ar
rest on a charge of felony, and the vic
tim of the highbinders will be taken to
San Jose on Monday for trial. The ar
resi is simply the old Chinese subterfuge
• the girl again in the power of her
owners.
The Zionistic Movement.
Rabbi Myers will preach at the Bush
Street. Synagogue this morning on "Why
All Jews Should Be Zionists." A chil
dren's Chamuka service will be held to
morrow evening, commencing at 7:30
o'clock, and Rabbi Myers will preach on
"Chamuka Lights and Christmas
Candles."
There was no wind and the sun was shining brightly, bo the crews of the various soow schooners enjoyed
themselves. Those of them whom the tide suited drifted along with the current and took a sun bath, while
those whom the tide was against came to anchor and took a rest. They did not whistle for a breeze, but con
tentedly went to sleep, leaving the dog on watch. Outside of the ferry boats the scows had the bay to them
selves yesterday.
IRVING AND
DUNNE IN A
VERBAL JOUST
Warm Words in the
Jury-Room.
JUDGE BELCHER PRESIDED
CHAIRMAN ACCUSES THE AT
TORNEY OF NEGLIGENCE.
Absence of Witnesses Makes Diffi
cult the Lchool Board Investi
gation by the Grand
Jury.
The Grand Jury mot again last evening
to resume its investigation into the af
fairs of the Board of Education, but
owing to the absence of important wit
nesses the session was of no avail, and
the proceeding resolved itself into an
ample scrap between Grand Juryman
Irving and Assistant District Attorney
Joe Dunne.
It was such an unpleasantness as one
would expect to see between men high
in the political order. There were charges
made and unkind things tossed back and
forth, but by nicest imputation only. The
imputations came quick and hot, but
couched in such English that Judge Bel
cher, who presided at the ringside, could
find no fault.
The difference was brought about by the
absence of John A. Reynolds, whose ex
pose of School Board criminality appeared
exclusively in The Call, and precipitated
the present investigation. Chairman Irv
ing needed Reynolds' testimony, and he
left word with District Attorney Dunne
to have him subpenaed. Reynolds did not
turn up at the meeting last night, and
after waiting a reasonable time the jury
adjourned to Judge Belcher's courtroom
to report a couple of important indict
ments. Judge Belcher filed the papers,
and was about to dismiss the jury, when
Mr. Irving got up to say: "Your Honor,
I wish to ask if it would be permissible
for me to bring in outside counsel to as
sist the District Attorney's office in this
investigation, providing that I can secure
the services of an attorney without ex
pense to this jury? The District Attor
ney's office is evidently so busy that it
cannot give us just the kind of assistance
we want at this time."
Judge Belcher did not perceive the veiled
sigmticance of Chairman lrving's gently
put suggestions and he thought it would
be a very graceful thing to provide help
for Mr. Dunne and he said so.
Dunne didn't think so, however, and he
did not display the soft phrases of an
Irving in saying so. "I want to say,"
said Dunne, "that the District Attorney's
office is now and has been willing, anx
iously willing, and competent to give this
Grand Jury all of the assistance it needs,
and it does not require any imported help
in doing so, and I wish here, in the most
public and pointed English at my com
mand to resent any imputation of unwill
ingness or incompetence, no matter how.
direct or indirect it may come. But I
want to say that I shall always be against
finding an indictment against any man
on any but legal grounds.
"There is no outside assistance needed
or called for and I think it's late in the
day to come here with any such cry as
this. I've had troubles and fignis enough
Eince this investigation began, but I am
In this investigation to work till the last
chapter is finished, no matter what impu
tations and no matter what source they
come from.
"If this matter is based upon any ques
tion of subpenas for witnesses 1 want to
ask your Honor to instruct the gentlemen
of the jury to hand in their lists of wit
nesses early and with addresses attached
and if necessary the whole police force will
be sent out to round them up. But in
stead they wait until the last minute, and
I can find no one if I have not time
enough to do so.''
Mr. Irving assured Mr. Dunne that he
had intended no imputation of neglect of
duty or incompetence. Quite the con
trary, but at the same time he pointed
out that two meetings had been adjourned
without result because witnesses had not
been haled into the jury room, and he
naturally laid it to the fact that Mr.
Dunne was doing at least three, if not
four, men's work.
Mr. Dunne bit his lip over this rejoin
der, but allowed Judge Belener to render
his decision. The Judge declared it a draw
and Instructed the Jury that thereafter it
should consider none but school matters
until the end of its term.
It is the intention of the jury to sit
every' night next week, it its witnesses
can be found. If not it is likely that this
regular annual school investigation will
wind up as have its regular annual pred
ecessors.
WHEN LOVE GROWS COLD.
Mrs. Mary Meyers Institutes Suit
for Divorce, Alleging Her Hus
band's Affection Has Waned.
After living: together— to all outward ap
pearances happily— for three years, Mrs.
Mary Meyers yesterday commenced suit
for divorce from her husband, William
Meyers, alleging cruelty. From the com
plaint it appears that the couple were
married by contract three years ago. A
recent decision on the subject of contract
marriages aroused Mrs. Meyers' fears,
and she insisted, for the sake of her little
daughter, that they be married in accord
ance with the canona of the church.
This was on the 11th of last month, and
from that time forth a coolness developed
between the couple, which culminated in
yesterday's suit. The husband, it is al
leged, declared in the presence of friends
A QUIET DAY ON THE BAY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1898.
of the family that he did not love his wife
and was, in fact, tired of her.
In addition to this, the complaint alleges
that the husband had transferred his af
fections to another. He is charged with
entertaining a Miss Emily Wreath at din
ner at a well-known restaurant and with
paying her other attentions not in keeping
with his position. The husband is an em
ploye of the Union Iron Works. Mrs.
Meyers asks for $85 a month alimony, in
addition to her attorney's fees, and the
custody of the child.
TRIAL OF WALTER ROSSER.
His Prosecution Is Being Conducted
With More Vigor.
Walter Rosser, the youthful slayer of
Henry Hilderbrand, must make his fight
for liberty against greater odds than at
the first trial. The prosecution is con
ducting its case with more vigor, several
new witnesses have been summoned to
testify on behalf of the people and others
are being looked for.
Among the new witnesses that testified
yesterday are Stephen TTaverson and
John Diehl. Diehl insisted that the de
fendant on the day he entered the Spreck
els market and shot Hilderbrand was ex
tremely abusive, cursed those who were
waiting on him, helped himself to fruit
in C. M. Foster's stand and did many
things to provoke trouble. His state
ments are also corroborated in a measure
by Stephen Traverson. W. F. Londsay,
C. M. Foster, Dr. J. J. Gallagher, A. M.
Miller and John T. Baxter made the same
statements as on the first trial, to the ef
fect that the killing was unprovoked and
to them seemed a cold-blooded murder.
The case went over till Monday, owing to
the case of the forger Becker, which will
be disposed of by Judge Wallace this
morning.
FORTY-SEVEN MORE
DOCTORS OF MEDICINE
COMMENCEMENT EXERCISES AT
COOPER COLLEGE.
The Class of Ninety-Eight Bids Fare
well to Its Medical Alma
Mater.
Forty-seven young men and women
were presented with diplomas at Cooper
Medical College last night and the degree
of doctor of medicine conferred upon
them.
The auditorium of the big building waa
crowded long before the orchestra sound
ed the first strains of the overture, and
hundreds of people were turned away. At
a few minutes after 8 o'clock the orches
tra struck up a march, and the members
of the graduating class, preceded by the
faculty, filed in. There was a prayer by
Rev. William Rader, a musical selection,
and the veteran physician and president
of the college, Dr. L. C. Lane, stepped to
the front of the platform and, after a few
brief remarks, presented the diplomas and
launched another class out into the world.
The valedictory was delivered by Pro
fessor Stanley Stillman, M. D., one of the
faculty. He gave the graduates the cus
tomary amount of good and wholesome
advice and bade them the formal farewell
in behalf of the faculty. Mayor Phelan
gave a short talk on general topics, Rev.
William Rader pronounced the benedic
tion, and the class of '98 went out from
the college walls for the last time as a
class.
Following is a list of the graduates:
Long-worth Shuttleworth Anderson, Myrtle
Alfred A|> Lynne, Josephine Bell, Grant Cal
houn, William Dalrymple Carnegie, William
Morris Carpenter (B. S.). Daniel Crosby, Ernest
Maxwell Fine, Jule B. Frankenheimer (A. B.),
Walter Scott Franklin, David Frledlander,
Mabel Luclnda Oarrard, Jacob Samuel Green,
Margaret Anna Guldinger, Thomas Vlnton
Hall, William Henslee (A. B.), William Htm
melsbach, William darken Hopper, Ottolchiro
Hoshino, Albert Joshua Houston (B. L.) t Orra
Crosby Hyrie, Lillian Collißon Irwin, John Tay
lor Jones, Minora Ellis Kibbe, Augusta Georgia
Klenck, John Alexander Lane, Oscar Gilbert
Lynch. Charles Parker Maddux, Leo Louis
Meininger, Harry Albert Niemeyer, Harold
Augustus William Ohrwall (B. S.), Harry
Reeves Oliver, Herbert Cameron Ostrom, Ralph
Emory Peck. Walter Louis Perrott, Joseph
Francis Poheim, Fredd Orlando Pryor, Charles
Henry Rowe, Joseph William Scamell (Ph. G.),
Herbert O. Shaw (Ph. G.), Margaret Hamilton
Smyth, Otis Burgess Sjialding, John Clark
Spencer, Simon FlUmore Stucky, James Charles
Tltchworth, Sarah Vrooman, Alfred Jacob
Zobel.
THE CROCKER ESTATE TO
BUILD ON POST STREET
WILL ERECT AN IMPOSING
STRUCTURE.
No Office Rooms Provided — The
Building in Its Entirety to Be
Leased to One Firm.
The improvement of the city in the mat
ter of new and imposing buildings still
continues, the latest proposed addition to
the list of big structures being contem
plated by the Crocker estate.
The site will be the property now occu
pied by Wilson's restaurant on the north
side of Post street, west of Kearny, and
adjoining the Bohemian Club building.
The lot fronts 99 feet on Post street, with
a depth of 137 feet 6 inches. It is intended
to make the building an ornament to the
city.
The plans have not yet been formulated,
pending the decision as to who will occupy
the building when it is erected. When it
was given out that a building would be
erected there the estate received some
twenty bids for the lease of it. After a
time negotiations narrowed down to four
firms, chief among them being, it is af
firmed, W. J. Sloane & Co. and the Cali
fornia Furniture Company. When it is
determined who the tenants will be the
size of the building and other details will
be considered.
The intention is to lease It in Its en
tirety to one firm, making no provision for
office rooms. The representatives of the
Crocker estate are said to hold the opin
ion that the city is sufficiently supplied
with that class of buildings to meet the
demands to be made upon it for the next
ten years.
Bendix Recital.
Otto Bendix will give a piano recital
in the Sherman-Clay Hall this evening.
The programme includes selections from
the best classical composers.
DEATH CLAIMS
JOHN F. MILLAR
OF THIS CITY
He Passes Away at
Phoenix, Ariz.
A VICTIM OF PNEUMONIA
WELL KNOWN AND POPULAR
ON THIS COAST.
Was the General Agent of Leonard
& Ellis of San Francisco — The
Remains Will Be Sent
to Canada,
John P. Millar, general Pacific Coast
agent for Leonard & Ellis, manufacturers
JOHN F. MILLAR, WHO DIED YESTERDAY AT
PHOENIX, ARIZ.
and dealers in lubricating oils, with offices
at 615 Front street, died yesterday at
Phoenix, Ariz., of pneumonia. A telegram
announcing his ueath was received during
the day by Manager T. J. Finch of the
firm from William Barrett, traveling man
ft.r J. A. Roebling & Co., who was with
Mr. Millar when the end came.
"Jack" Millar, as he was familiarly
called by his friends, was one of the best
known and most popular men in San
Francisco as well as on the Pacific Coast.
He came to this city about six years ago,
being transferred from St. Paul, where
he had entered the employ of the firm a
year previously. He had in that brief
period so thoroughly impressed his em
, ADVERTISEMENTS.
-B+B+H+H-Ma+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+H+B+H+B+B+B+BH
DON'T BE A WEAK MAN
DON'T : LET TOUR PAST/ ERRORS WRECK Hi THE fe HAPPINESS i OF ;
your life. H You can be cured. Over 10,000 such men as you have been cured
during the past /year by
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
.; ti This ils I , the ; only s sure, permanent way to regain vigor. It 1 has taken the 1
place of drags, which , never , cure. . Eleotriolty Is ■ life, and '« restores life ito |
men : who have lost It : ■; "^ -;-.^- ; i %
i*A Yam • lt Do? you, feel any . of the effects of past neglect 7 of |
Are IOH a j • the laws of health? The thoughtlessness of boy-
■ m l Man % ' hood < and the ignorance of girlhood ruin thousands
i W6M main of - lives. They take s away nature* vitality, which lls |
, the groundwork of iheafth.*^p^»»^^l^^li
i M Yam mJ: Perfect manhood depends unon it True and
Are 108 ;f ag-;.'i lovely womanhood is 1 impossible; without •Its^i^fl
W Aa v AM | tt r i;^ ;; '^ ? Electri city has done much for | us. It is a
Weal iff QUAD * : natural lnvlgorant No better way of using It can
:^y^ZfflMt&KßSasM be found than Dr. Sanden's Eelectrlc Belt. Iv
Ha ; Yam*» sasSm strengthening effects are given gently. Men grow
Hmr • ; v , stronger day by day, and weak women regain the
i N*tTo* Tf»mhlp? S flush '* of a health ' from ( t'^B^sM^^Bf^a^^fei
nerTes lrcuiVlC r fe f? Dr. Qanden's i Electric Belt : lit a grand remedy.
',"'... >f7*>-x. J ■ Its power is felt instantly. The blood jumps
Dm. Your / w!th llfe < f rom > tttarAi valuable book i for either > sex I
V* 6 ' IVHr will be sent i free upon request Consultation free
ftarfr Arfcff and invited.
MCI ACHCf .. ;v : .- c Call or address .■ :.\-:- : l^W*r:Z^H'tf'^Z'^
DR. A. X. SANDEN, f *
gg Til lark* Stmt. Cmr ban,, las rnaiUM.* V f<?s f /# |fIT IN DRUB , STORES. fc S
Office hours, la.n.to I p. m.j Sundays. II £#l£.;lBa«aWa^BiaetrlettßMt %'
to L Branches at Los Anjel««, Cah, ttt West **• Ban«M's Blsetrle B*lt
; second (treat; Portland. Or SI Washington *» sold la drag stone ffi
MrMt; Denr«r,Colo. Ma Blxtjenth itrMt; s • * »«• by to»T«lln« agnbt only a|
:: DallaSjT^ >'* *•*» '^ **•«; SuHa.l Hoot, £M; @«< •Wf** «*'l^i^^s%M^ 1
lit wortß ■an idwi if' n— — ■ » — — «— —^^ >
ployers with his ability that it was de
cided to transfer him to the coast, where '
he could have a larger field in which to |
exercise his talents and with increased ,
responsibilities. The wisdom of the move [
was quickly proved In the almost immedi- ■
ate increase in the firm's business in this '
section of the country. Mr. Millar's ter
ritory extended from Victoria, B. C, to
the Mexican border, and he made frequent
trips up and down the coast, establishing
new agencies, securing new customers
and holding the old ones in line.
It was while on a trip of this character
that he succumbed to the dread destroyer.
Mr. Millar was taken ill with pneumonia
in this city two months ago, and was con
fined to his bed for several weeks. He
was naturally robust, and of an active
temperament, and the confinement was i
extremely irksome. As soon as he was ;
able to move about he insisted on getting
out of doors, and otherwise neglected to
give himself the care that his condition
required. He had been making prepara
tions for one of his regular business trips
south when taken ill, and thinking that
the mild climate of the south might
hasten his recovery he decided to start at
once. He left San Francisco on November
15 but upon reaching Los Angeles suf
fered a relapse and was confined to his
room for ten days.
He recovered sufficiently to resume his
journey to Phoenix. Mr. Barrett accom
panied him on the trip and did every
thing possible for his comfort. But
against his advice Mr. Millar insisted on
taking the northern route, and when the
high altitudes were reached he collapsed
completely. At Jerome it was found ne
cessary to take him from the train. Ha
was given every possible care and at the
end of three days it was deemed safe for
him to resume his journey and he was put
aboard the train for Phoenix, where, with
additional facilities to be had, it was be
lieved^he would soon be on his feet again.
He arrived in Phoenix early in the pres
ent month, but the disease had obtained
too firm a hold and the beat efforts of
the physicians failed to restore his shat
tered health.
Mr. Millar's only relative on the coast
Is a brother, George E. Millar, traveling
man for the Anglo-American Crockery
Company. The latter was within a short
distance of Phoenix, where his brother
lay dying, but without knowing of his
presence or illness. Mr. Finch used the
wires freely yesterday in an effort to ac
quaint George of his brother's death, but
was unable to reach him, as he had start
ed on his return to San Francisco. A
telegram will probably reach him on his
arrival at Mojave, however.
Mr. Millar was a tine looking man, six
feet in height, well proportioned, and
about 34 years old. He was unmarried.
Anakesis cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address Anakesis, New York. •
■ ; . V? ADVEBTISEMENTS. X .'
I
Prudent
Piano
Purchasers
i don't want to buy an ex-
periment. Maybe un-
known makers of recent
growth can give you a
reliable instrument, but
the chances are they
can't. Purchase a Byron
Mauzy and you take no
risk. It is a recognized
make. Warranted ten
• years by the maker,
BYRON MAUZY,
308-312 POST ST.
AMUSEMENTS.
SwseANDS
V altjeb Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Maaagen,
THIS EVENING AT 8. .
First Production in ' This City of
BLACKLISTED !
SONGS, DANCES, SPECIALTIES I
POPULAR PRICES .....10c. 25c, 50c
Seats on Sale at Box Office and Main Floor
Emperlum.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Mer.
LAST NIGHTS OF
< THE SUPERB PRODUCTION OF
> . Edmond Rostand's Romantic Play.
CYRANO DE
BERGERAC!
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 1:45. - ' .
■v^-' NEXT WEEK
The Favorite Comic Opera,
"THE MASCOT!"
THREE PRIMA DONNAS IN THE CAST.
MYERS— LICHTER— CROX.
WM. PRUETTE as PEPPO.
Three Comedians in . the Cast.
STEVENS BRANSON WEST.
Popular Prices i...-..25c and 50c
A Reserved Seat for the Matinee .-. 230
_ Our Telephone, Bush 9.
GLEN PARK,
THE MISSION ZOO.
SENSATION OF THE AGE!
. {, /^paring. Dashing, Thrilling Feat
T\jJ "V,<*N^BimDA7, Deo. 11th, at 1:30 p. m.
>>V T^A LEAP FROM THE
A Rir/Vc 3 O.r>*'jf^V CLOUDS - 3&0 ft - into a
A Big >^O net-By :
Vaudeville X^WlN^ PROF. WILLIS.
Bill in FREE >$>,/ >>LThe Celebrated
Amphitheitor! \^r Vi\. Net
Admission 10c— No . v'^V Diver.
Further Charge— Chil-X^ A,. Cv^V
dren Under C Years Free.>^> <, f^^^ ,
Refreshments and Lnnen in CafeO^^ V/^V
Take San Mateo Electric Cars!^^ '
Valencia, Mission, Sutter transfer^^^
MECHANICS' PA ON
CHARITYBAZAAR
— -AND
CALIFORNIA MUSICAL CONTEST
FIRST GRAND MUSICAL NIGHT.
CLEVER DANCING GIRLS.
EXPERT BICYCLISTS.
BIG CONCERT.
FUN! FUN!! FUN!!!
ADMISSION 25c.- :
CONCERTS AND BESOBItf.
S U TF*OJBATHS^~
Open Daily from 7 A. M. to 6 P. M.
" Bathing from 7A.M.t05 P. M.
ADMISSION 10c - - .-■■■' - CHILDREN Sj
; Bathing, ■ with admission. 25c; children. 20c.
I have a friend, in fact he is my brother-in-law, who is the outside
man for a New York crockery warehouse, a sort of salesman, purchas-
ing agent, collector and what not He used to suffer from a catarrh
of the stomach. When he woke in the morning there would be a
gripping, a contraction, a tightness of the stomach, which, he said,
seemed to be clogged with a slimy, phfegm-like substance. Carlsbad
salts always did him some good, but now he uses a Ripans Ta6ule. He
only takes one when occasion requires, just one now and then. When
this man, his name is Scalding, was asked to describe the effect of the
Tabule on him, he said : "Why, it brightens me up. It has an effect
like dry air ; makes me feel something as I used to of a spring morning
when the air was crisp but tempered with sunshine. I dont kaow
{ how they produce such an effect, bat that is the way they work wiiia «*"
AMUSEMENTS. . v^
CALIFORNIAJHEATER.
THE MONEY MAKER OF . THE COAST.
CROWDED EVERY NIGHT. ,:;■ .,
LAST 2 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
. CHARLES E. BLANEY'S SUCCESS.
A Boy Wanted
A Modern Conception of ■ Comedy Happily
' Fashioned.
Prices.... .........15c, 25c, 35c. 50c and 7&J
Next Sunday DANIEL SULLY.
In His New Play
"UNCLE BOB,"
- ■ ■-■■ ■ ■ i
COLUMBIA THEATER
SECOND AND LAST WEEK. ; ■
KOSTER & BIAL"S
GAYEST MANHATTAN!
THIS SEASON'S MOST . BRILLIANT EX-
TRAVAGANZA SUCCESS. ' ■—*;.■''. .'f'
COMEDY. MUSIC AND DANCE.
LAST TIME NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
EXTRA...
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY,
Evans and Hoey's evergreen success,
HOYT'S
"A PARLOR MATCH!"
A COMPANY OF THIRTY.
SEATS NOW READY. ,
MME. CAMILLA URSO,
WORLD FAMOUS VIOLINISTS.
The Sensation of the Day.
PAUL BATTY'S ACROBATIC BEARS.
BAKER. SELLERY AND BARTLETT, Com-
edy Sketch Trio.
ARNESON, Premiere Equilibrist.
HARRY ATKINSON, Musical Imitator.
JOE FLYNN. Monologulst.
EMMA CARUS, Barytone.
LILLIE WBSTERN, Instrumentalist
WILSON FAMILY. New Comedy.
Reserved seats, 25c. Balcony, 10c. Opera
chairs and box seats, BOc.
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUNDAY.
COMEDY THEATER.
Formerly the Popular Bush.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THE WEEK.
MATINEES— and SUNDAY
STANDING ROOM ONLY.
The Great Swedish Family Success.
OLE OLSON.
WITH NEW FEATURES.
UP-TO-DATE SPECIALTIES.
AND A GREAT COMEDY CAST.
Including ■ '
MISS ST. GEORGE HUSSEY i-«
Evening Prices .' 16c, 25c, 85c, 500
Matinee Prices 15c and 35a
' Next Monday
THE BIG SENSATION SHOW.
SOUTH BEFORE THE WAR."
ALCAZAR THEATER.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2:15.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
THE PRIVATE
SECRETARY!
Preceded by Louise Veil lei's One Act Com^
edietta, - (
KEEPING UP APPEARANCES.
Next Week— "ALABAMA."
! SEATS NOW ON SALE.
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY, Deo. 10 and 11.
OPEN STAKE
....ALL THE....
Crack Greyhounds I
Take a Mission-street car and it will Un<|
you at the gates.
ADMISSION, 25c. LADIES FREE.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting 1898-99, beginning MONDAY.
Nov. 28, to SATURDAY, Dec. 10, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-t
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at 2:15 p. m.. Sharp. 7
• Ferryboats leave San Francisco at 12 m. anil
12:30, 1, 1:80, 2, 2:30 and' 3 p. -m. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to ths
Track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the Track at -IS
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after last race.
THOB. H. WILLIAMS Tt.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
STOCKS OF GRAIN.
The Semi-Annual Report of the Produce Exchange
in Detail.
REPORT OF FLOUR AND GRAIN REMAINING IN THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA ON
DECEMBER 1. 1898.
Sail FraneUco warehouses and mills. In-
cluding grain and flour afloat in harbor
and In transit I
Sonoma, Solano, Yolo, Colusa and Glenn
counties
Sacramento, Yuba, Sutter, Butte, Placer,
and Tehama counties
Contra Costa and Alameda counties
San Joaquin, Stanislaus, Merced, Fresno.!
Madera, Tulare, Kings and Ktii counties.
San Mateo, Santa Clara, San Benito, Santa
Cms. Monterey and San Luis Oblspo
counties
Santa Uarbara, Ventura, Los Angeles,
oranpe, San Bernardino, Riverside and
San Diego counties
36.541
15,125
We
o9 gg
300, 450 175,72(
1,285,260 i 122,24(
1,412,200 • 61,38(
1.5T4.050 4J7.48(
1,537,460 244, 40 C
.205,000 ;' 55.22 C
-.180,328 117.76(
6,494,800 1.264,20(
1 :o
a
9 P»,
S|.| 33-:
....... 2,280
.:...:. ..... ..^
.'.'.'.'... "sisoo
25,460
900
•■••••• i 900
88,449
9,
Totals
COMPARATIVE STATEMENT.
I 3 3?
go r.j
ST- 1 ?r
-June 1 87.350 3.152.650
-December 1 115.91*2 9,132.640 1
June 1 94.960 1.733.550J
-December 1 111.078 7.495,380
June 1 : ...• 101,991 2,655,340]
-December 1 i 82, in?. 10,941.7601
June 1 | 51.607 6,306.340!
•December 1.. j 73.950 i 13,040,330,i 13,040,330,
a o a
91 35 '8?8
?A ?• £-"
• • • fa)
943,060 561,263
3,136.020:106,160 713.749
758.600 51.950 E. 05,730
3.008.950 159.360 700,963
1,043,640 75.600 369,3%
14,072,560 193,220 567,948
714.440 108,960 65,819
11.565, 230|213,590 198.150
gf
112.750
3
a*
7
!103! 103, 460
i
17.
,
SUMMART OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat weaker. Barley futures advanced.
Other Cereals unchanged.
Hay dull. Feedstuffs firm.
Seeds neglected.
No change in Beans.
Coffee quiet.
Potatoes < r ind Onions inactive.
Another advance in Butter.
Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
More Eastern Poultry due.
Turkeys lower. Game eteady.
Grapes scarce.
Cltru.o Fruits dull.
Lard unsettled.
Meat market fairly supplied.
Increased exports of Quicksilver.
Decreased shipments of Wheat and Flour.
EXPORTS OF QUICKSILVER.
Export! of Quicksilver from this port during
the first eleven months of the year were 5769
flacks. valued at $211. .'..52. against 4*13 flasks at
J174.4W) for the same time in 1597.
EXPORTS OF BREADSTUFFS.
Exports of Flour from this port during the
first eleven months of t!;e year were 732,637
barrels, against $09,760 during the same time
In 1)597. Reducing this Flour to a Wheat basis
and adding it to the exported Wheat gi\es
total exuorts of Breadstuffa for the eleven
months of 5,902,200 ctls, valued at $5.496,i)00,
against 10,970,000 ctls at 116.534.500 in 1897.
CONDITION OF TRADE.
ALL ELEMENT? IN FAVOR OF A PROS
PEROUS YEAR.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"The month of December presents a situation
of "more than usual interest. Admittedly there
are important operators who will need to get
In a good amount of stocks if they are intend
ing to participate in a movement for a Janu
ary rise, and yet the conditions are not favor
able to their success in an attempt to depress
prices materially with that view. All condi
tions continue favorable to a high scale of
prices.
"The general trade of the country is more
than usually prosperous, in the great West
especially.
•The textile trades, which among the first
hand dealers have suffered a partial depres
sion, have at least reached a healthier rela
tb n "l-nween supply and demand.
"Th? exports of cereals, although beginning
to show the decline usual to this stage of the
season, are yet relatively upon an extraordi
nary scale.
"The railroads have all the freight they can
carry, and as evidence that their earnings are
not on a starving scale they have given out
orders within the last few days for 500,000 tons
of steel rails, valued at $9.(100,000.
"Our exports of manufactures continue to
expand rapidly. The surplus of goods beyond
what the home markets can absorb is finding
Its way to foreign countries at a still rapidly
increasing rate, with the result of relieving
the pressure of overproduction that has been
f"it in some of our most important branches
of industry.
"We have concluded a settlement with Spain
■without involving ourselves In any of the in
ternational complications which many have
feared, and, what Is still more gratifying, the
European powers show a marked desire to
maintain friondly relations with this country.
"The diplomatic ability shown by our nego
tiators at Paris and the remarßlible financial
vigor exhibited by our Government under the
pressure of war finance can only tend to be
speak confidence abroad in the wisdom and
strength of the United States and to establish
foreign confidence In our investments.
"An engagement for the importation of $1,000,
000 of gold during the week— though outside
the ordinary range of exchange operations— ls
puggwtlvc that we are on the verge of a re
newal of the influx of the yellow metal.
"We are singularly exempt from the unset
tled feeling that ordinarily attends the as
sembling of Congress, for there are no im
pending measures of legislation of disturbing
Interest that are likely to come up for treat
ment.
"And. above all, the country Ib now ani
mated by a confidence and hopefulness such
as we have not witnessed for many years.
"So soon as Germany gets over her present
financial pinch and London becomes easier In
sympathy we may expect to see a nearer
equalization in money rates as between New
York and London, in which case gold will in
all probability flow hither in large volume
Tins legitimate flow of the yellow metal from
turope so soon after the close of our war with
fipaln. with the conditions which it represents
will show the position of this country to be
Bimply unique among nations. The war may
finally cost about $300,000,000. We have no"t
only met its requirements from our own re
eources, but at the same time have brought
other nations largely in our debt as a result
or the difference between our exports and im
ports.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
'•;-■"• SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. S. 5 p. m.
The following are- the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
Eeason. and rainfalls in twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 8.13 12 57
Red Bluff 0.00 2.13 f>4s
Sacramento 0.00 1.61 3 88
•Fan Francisco 0.00 2.56 3 60
Fresno 0.00 1.49 1.66
Independence 0.00 0.30
Ban Luis Obispo 0.00 0.73 I*4l
Los Angeles 0.00 0.11 ' 248
Han Diego 0.00 0.23 l'lo
Yuma 0.00 ,0.20 o!?7
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature
64: minimum temperature, 46; meau tempera
ture, 55. '
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The area of very high pressure which has
been for several days in Idaho has moved east
ward and jis now central in North Dakota
where the pressure is above 31.00 inches The
pressure Is falling along the California coast.
These conditions are causing high northeast
■winds and moderate galeb In the Sacramento
Valley and in Idaho, Nevada and Utah.- There
are some indications that a storm exists at a
considerable 1 distance oft the California coast
■which is moving . northward. It will probably
slowly approach the Oregon and Washington
coasts on Friday and Saturday. Fair cold
•weather with severe frost is probable In Cen
tral -and Southern California Saturday nUrht
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, Dec. 9. 1898: ■-•"
Northern California— Fair Friday; probably
Increasing cloudiness Friday: high northeast
probably shifting to east. wind. .
Southern California— Partly cloudy Friday
followed by; fair, brisk easterly, wind: danger
of severe frost Friday night.
Nevada— Friday; continued cold.
Utah— Friday: continued cold.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Friday, probably fol
lowed by fair; > danger of severe frost Friday
night if wind ceases.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday
probably Increasing cloudiness Friday night •
high northeast, probably shifting to east, 1 wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals— Clear;
wind northeast, 44 •■ miles: maximum tempera
ture. 68; current temperature, : 54.
W. H. HAMMON. Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. B.— Quotations in the stock
market rose the greater part of the day, but
In the late dealings lost part of the early ad
vance, closing easy, with slight gains on most
stocks. The initial tendency was hesitancy
fend timidity, perhaps symoathetlcally with the
Irregular tone of London, which wae a mod
erate seller of Norfolk and Western. Union Ta
clflc and Louisville and Nashville. The
Grangers shook off their recent lethargy and
gave confidence to the rest of the list. Amer
ica 8 strung foreign situation, with its prob
able effect on , vaJues as interpreted in a widely
published optimistic statement of an operator
who usually controls a large following, was
not without . sentimental effect. Reports of im
provement in both hard and soft coal trade
of thV he «n 1^ SSlbi , 1 'r y of "ie enactment into law
Cu»«on »nJf . Capnß bill were subjects of dis
cussion and acted as a tonic on the railways.
Moreover, important interests were openly buy
fa«e' 3Eff,5 leß ,,T tth Whloh * are identified.
mSILS -l-lA* b S readily absorbed, and the
market weakened materially In the later
liiilli
Pisiiiii
Street Raiiwav "««• w ?.' ISS: Me t r °Politan
Missouri Pacific if 2i? Vo^v," A prefe , rrPd ' 3B00;
Northern Pacific ehi P^ t , -American. 3360;
Pacific. 5905- Union' Rock Island. 5580; ' Union
St. Paul 222'J' ■ wih. £ Cifi JL referred. 9211;
bacco .7980- ' FVde™? em>d ' 3105 = T ° :
Western Union V^ Kunhon'eno;
em. 3550; do preferred ™'. *,?£ So^"™t-
Western. 3040. lerrea ' 3<9S; Chicago Great
.... CLOSING STOCKS.
A Do wefd-"-- 1& St Louis & S F... 8*
SSI g£ff»=s
Canada Pacific... S3? f>° n? PMP M ?-^
Canada Southern..
iu^°A:::::::-i%i.PiT'M ■■■'■'"" s *
HE! Iligil? X |«|"r.'.v.:: Ig«I g«
Chi Ind & L..:...: 74 So Railway 10%
Do prefd 33 -p Do pr ? M ••• 41%
Chi & N W.. 1387 4 T «as & Pacific... 13'^
Do prefd.... 185 Un " on Pacific 37--4
CCO* It L 42% rl D ° re I d - C9Ti
Do prefd 95* 2,? D & G 12%
Del & Hudson..*. .lo4 ■ "abash ............ t"
Del L & W........146H TT D< -> P refd —...... 22
Den & Rio G 15% Wheel & L E 5V a
Do prefd 61% Do prefd ..22%
Erie (new) nv> Express Companies-
Do Ist prefd 36Hi Adam s Ex 109
Ft Wayne 175 American Ex ......146
3t Nor prefd 137U United States 5414
Hocking Val 3 Wells Fargo 130"
Illinois Cent 111*4 . ™scel!aneous—
Lake Erie & W... 14 A Cot Oil 33%
Do prefd 62% ADo prefd S9
Lake Shore ...195 Am S r " 8 J2JS
Louis & Nash fi3% Am t^ d SH
Manhattan L....... 98*J A ?^ T ' jba ff J <> JS2
\% h %s- js» co D n° BB pprp G re a f 8d::::::::::8 d :::::::::: {
Do Ist prefd 95 CC n o n ~M On *I*
c t r.ntmi 011" Preid 91
v y ceSi:::::::!^ £ a !f de Gm --» |vs
N 1 V Chi &St L... 13 ,Do prefd."' mv,
Do Ist prefd 65 Nat Lin 0i1.....";; i6v
Do 2d prefd 34'j Pacific Ma 11....:".: 43%
Nor West.. 14 People's Gas .un 2
No Amer Co 6% Pullman Pa 1.... isoO
No Pacific 40% l»ver Certificates .M
Do prefd.......... Standard R & T ' 7*l
Ontario & W 15% Sugar ™. l«V'
Or R & Nay 54 Do prefd .'. '■ m*
Or Short Line 33 TC* Iron " qii/
Pac C Ist prefd... 78 U S Leather ft*
Do 2d prefd 57 Do prefd " '" 67«
putsburg.. 172 us Rubber ::::::: i: ,v.
Reading ........... 18% Do prefd . "losv
Do Ist prefd 46 West Union.""^ t«*
«* G W... 27 Federal Steel C 0... - <ii'
Do prefd 62 Do prefd ' 7nv
Rock Island 108*4 Brooklyn r't'Co.' ?'• ".
CLOSING BONDS '•-■•=
Sinlw4s-rVg::::i^ N V Central Ist<i no
US new 4s reg....12>> 4 N J c "s a .. IStS "- L
Do coup 12S"j N Carolina 6s "«''
US 4s ill",: Do 48.......T isi
°o coup.... 112% jNo Pac lsts ;;; " 117
Sgfes^gffi Do S:::::::-- :::: I.
US 53 reg 113 Do 45.. 1$
Do 5s coup 11314 N V C & St £'£ lAut
?}»tri« 3.65s US' 2 Nor & W Im.. **■■$*
A^ o ass A...... .109 Northw (;ft c rn con
« }03 Do, deb 55... U7U
do C-"-- 102 o Nay lsts.... 114 *
•Do Currency 102 ° Nay 4b.. '" 99*4
Atchison 4s 98% O S Line 6S6 S tr.'.'no
Do ad j 43........ 74% ° S Line 5s tr. I 10*4
r ? nO..n 0 ..^ 8 --- »OV2 Pacific 6s of 95)::: 02%
C&. O 4Vj>s 90 Riding 4S4 S • * " «'»*
Chi T 4s! 93% r G \V F 1 ;•"■"" ■«&,
p. * Ohio 65........m| ] &°*i?*Zm'im:m
« H& Li 4^s 104% ! 5t LSSF gen 6s W,"
d& R 8 lsts :::::: 108 ( 8t P £%ri&—\vs
Past R G lsts lOO^jFt PC& p'isis""!" '
gMt Term lsts 107V4 Do »*.f ._!" iJwS
Erie Gen 4s 74 4 So Ry 6s •■•"{«*
F W ft D ists tr... 80»: S?an(T R & T 65..:: 80 1
jA^^lec 55........107 Term new set 35..: 96
r. S. S A 68 "--' 5 Tex Pac L G lsts..
Do 2d5. ....;... ...103 Do Re 2ds • ' 46%
H&t cos 112*4 union R 48:::::::io2§4 8 :::::::io2§
Do con 65... 110 UP D«- <"} lsts.-.. 87%
lowa C lsts... 104 - .Wab Ist 5?. . !\ \ \ 113 '*
t * n fT V r. C 0. n 45.....107^' Do'2ds.. ..;.. 91%
L & N Unl 45..-..:. 96Vi W Shore 45.;. .....112
Missouri's......... 100 Va Centuries...... 81 !
M ri K .*• T 2d5 ....;. 65% ■Do deferred .V. ... 6% '
• Do iB 89% Wis Cent 15t5...... 63
MINING STOCKS. : • : '
Chollar ..; « Ontario ......;..;.. 00
Crown Point 15 Ophlr ..:.. 65
Con Cal. & Va.... 125 Plymouth ......... 101
IJeadwood .:. 40 Quicksilver ........ 2 50
Gould & Curry.... 25 vDo prefd. ::...... 400
Hale & Norcross.. 1 55 Sierra; Nevada.. :..*l 15
Homestake ' 50 00 .'Standard: .......... 1 80
Iron 5i1ver......... . 74 Union Con ....... 34
Mexican 32 Yellow Jacket.....'. 18
BOSTON STOCKS AND ' BONDS. .
Money— " iWestingh Elec.:.:.'37^
Call loans. ..\2 ©3 Do prefd... ..:...; 5!)
Time 10an5........ Ed.Elec Te1... ....200
Stocks— , Gen El ec prefd..;. 172
Atch Top & St Fe. 16% Atch prefd.::...:... 45%
Amer - Sugar 129% Bonds-
Do prefd.. ........ 113% Atchison r 45........ 97
Bay State Ga5.. .. . 2% • Mining Shares— v
Bell Te1.... .........280 Allouez Mln C 0.... 5
Boston & Albany. .2l4 Atlantic «....':;.■.... 32%
Boston & Maine.. 165*-'. Boston & M0nt...237
Boston L.;;.. ...... 81 Butte.& Boston... 66%
Chi Bur &Q.;.;.v.1i»% Calumet & Hec1a..605
Fltchburg ..........104% Centennial ...v.... 7 25%
Gen Electric". 85*4 Franklin ........:.. IS%
Mexican Cent ...:•■ 6% Old Dominion 33*£
N V «-. N Eng.;.... 96 Osceola ..: 71%
Old C010ny.... 196 Qulncy .'...........*.. 136
Or Short Line...... 37 Tamarack ' 170
Rubber ..".... .:r... 37% Wolverine 32
Union Pac.......... 45% i Parrott 29 ■
West End... -.;.:.:; 89*, 1 ; ; ; . - r V ;"
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. S.— Money on call steady
at 2@2»4 per cent; last loan, 2H per cent;
prime mercantile paper. 3 1 <i@4 per cent; ster
ling exchange firmer, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 84V4@4 84% for demand, and
$4 81%@4 82 for sixty days; posted rates, $4 g£O
4 82^4 and $( 95H®4 85; commercial bills, $4 80S;
silver certificates, 59H(i|>60^c: bar silver, 59 9-lfto-
Mexican dollars, 46^c; Government bonds'
strong; State bonds, dull; railroad bonds'
strong.
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. B.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
market* here were stagnant to-day, with an
Irregular tone. The forthcoming holidays afe
beginning to have an effect. Americans were
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1898.
good, Norfolk- and ■ Western -being the feature.
The buying was led by New York to-day, bond
Issues -being steadily.; bought . by that market-
Mexican Central : was ■-. also ■"< a-. feature to-day.
Grand Trunk was flat; being sold from Glas
gow, where a whisky failure had a bad effect.
Spanish. 4's were firm. .. •. ;■
::■'■. '" •; ' " , 'V? CLOSING.
'• ■■■ LONDON, Dec. Canadian Pacific, J 86%;
Grand Trunk. 7%; bar silver dull, 27% d; money,
2@2% per cent; Spanish 4's closed at 41%. ,. ......
• PARIS, Dec. B.— Spanish 4' 8 closed at 42.
i ; NEW .YORK { GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
• : NEW YORK. Dec. B.— FLOUR— Receipts, 40.
243; exports, 14,743; j generally quiet and a ; small
demand for low winters being the only feature.
Prices were ! s@loc lower. I Winter patents, » s3 CO
@3 80; winter s straights, $3 45©3 50; Minnesota
patents, $3 60@3 85; winter - extras, $2 65??:.' 90. '
WHEAT — Receipts. 546,550; exports, 375.013;
spot, easy; No. 2 red, 74^e f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions opened easy and : followed it i up by pro
nounced . heaviness: under December selling,
lower cables and bearlnsh crop ; news. -Reac
tions were .scarce, all , day and .final ' prices
showed %,fpl%c net decline, with export demand
light. Sales included No. 2 red March, 72^@
73 3-lGc; closed, 72y.c. ' „ "
« HOPS— Quiet and" firm: ' •'■■)? < : '- '■'■
WOOL— Steady.'.: . <'■. ' .
RON— Southern, . $10 26@11 25; Northern,
*10 25@1l 75. . : . - - - •-■ .
COPPER— Lake, - brokers, $12 75: ex
change, $12 65(& 12 85. ■ l :- .
LEAD— Very, dull.: Domestic brokers. $3 45;
exchange, $3 60@3 62' 2- ' ' '' ' ■'-:.'
TIN —Quiet. " Straights, ; $18@18 10; plates,
steady. ' . ■ - '. • ■
SPELTER— Quiet. ' Domestic, $5 25@5 35.
METALS— The market was stupidly dull from
start to finish to-day.- At the close thje Metal
Exchange called plgiron warrants quiet and
nominal, .' at ss7 20; Lake copper, . unchanged,
with $12 65 bid and $12 85 asked; tin, unchanged,
with $18 bid and $18 10 asked; lead, very dull,
with $3 GO bid and $3 62'j asked; spelter, quiet, '
with $5 25 bid and $5 35 asked. *
The firm naming the settling price for lead-
Ing miners and- smelters at the West quotes
lead at $3 45; copper, $12 75.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, with near
months unchanged and far-months ■ 5 points
lower. Sales, 22.250 bags,- including, -December,
$5 2."; January, $5 40; February. ■• $5 GO: - March.
15 60; May, $5 70; July. $5 80; September,- $5 90;
October, $5 90<g5 95 ; November, $5 95@6. . - ■
Spot coffee— Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice, 6%c;
No. 7 jobbing, 6"» c. • '» .
Mild— Quiet, but steady. Cordova, B@l2c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm. Fair refining. 3 15-160;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 7-16 c; molasses sugar,
3 11-16 c: refined, steady. . .
BUTTER — Receipts. > 6600; firm. Western
creamery, 14HS2Oc; Elgins, 20c; factory. . 12@
U\*.c. . • - . ■ . ■•. ■ .-■■..•:
EGGS— Receipts, 2669 packages; quiet. West
ern, 25c; Southern. 22@24c.
DRIED FRUITS.
California dried fruits: Good business going;
prices firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES - Common. 7@Sc;
prime wire tray, SVfec; choice, 9@9'4c; fancy. 10c.
PRUNES— 4«rIO*4c
APRICOTS— RoyaI. Il(gl4c; Moorpark, 14@17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 8 1 *S12'/.c; peeled, IS@
20c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Dec. Wheat opened •at un
changed prices for May. and a shade higher
for December. Liverpool at the time of trad
ing; here had lost a slight opening advance, but
Northwest receipts j were j considerably smaller
than last week's, although still running over
those of last. year. This for the " time being
held up the' liquidation! which became so promi
nent, especially in December, later in' the ses
sion and gave an appearance ; of firmness to
the market. Later , longs got > discouraged and
soon there was plenty of wheat i for sale from
every direction, December, suffering the most.
The selling of December was very heavy. At
lantic port exports of wheat" and flour were
large, 1,270,000 ■ bushels, and this fact steadied
the market. I But there were plenty of bear in
fluences, not the least being the weakness
shown in coarser grains, and after the noon
hour the market turned weak again. - Foreign
crop reports were all favorable . and winter
wheat in this country was reported in promis
ing condition. Foreign markets were generally
weak at the close. In the last hour of trad
ing a good deal of wheat .was sold on stop
loss orders and buying was very . scattered to
ward the close.; May declined to'64%c and
closed at that price. December declined to 63c
and closed at t3'.»p.
Corn showed a little strength lat the start,
continued light receipts during favorable ship
ping weather having a bullish effect. But the
market very soon turned weak and remained
bo to the close. Country advices stated that
new corn would soon move more : freely. May
closed %{?*4c lower. .
Oats were weak in sympathy with corn, May
closing %c lower. . . ' -
. Provisions had another heavy run of hogs
to contend ■ with, but held I remarkably | steady
notwithstanding. The market was strong dur
ing the morning, there being good local . sup
port, while outside buying orders were numer
ous. Realizing and more liberal - selling by
packers caused prices to decline later, but the
market at no . time • showed . weakness. VAt the
close May pork ■ and ribs were 2'4c lower and
May lard 5c lower, r . . ; -  ■ ■ fr-.v;»
The leading futures . ranged as. follows: <■.' : "
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— • ■ ■ '.---.
December .......... 64% 64% 63 63*4
May 65% 65% 64% 64%
July 64% 64% ' 63% 63%
Corn No. 2— ' ■ '
December 33*4 33% 33 33%
May.... 3414, 34% 33% 33%
July 34Jg 34?' 34% 34%
Oats No. 2—
December 25% 25% 25% 25%
May .'.............:.. 26% 26% 25"'« 25"
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 9 30 9 30 9 17% ■ 9 IT l '.
May ...;....;... 9 52% 9 52% 940 940 "
Lard, per 100 pounds —
January ......'. 5 12% 5 12*4 5 07% 6 07V.
May '..- ..5 30 530 '5 22% 5 22Va
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds — . :•.--..
January 4 62^ -• 4 62% 455 4 57%
May ...A 77% 480 4 72% 4 72%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, slow; No. 3 spring, wheat, 60%<ji82*4c:
No. 2 red, 87% c; No. 2 corn, 33%<533%c; No. 2
oats. 26%(g27c; No. 2 white, 28*iig29c; No. 3
white, 27%<§25%c; No. 2 rye, 53*4 c; No. 1 flax
seed, 99% c; prime timothy seed, , $2 25; mess
pork, per barrel, $7 93@S: Lard, per 100 pounds,
$4 97%@5 10; short ribs sides (loose), $1 43@4 65;
<sry salted shoulders (boxed), 4*44i4%c; short
clear sides (boxed), $4 So<f/4 90; whisky, distil
lers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 26.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 44,000 44.000
Wheat, bushels 220,000 44.000
Corn, bushels 315.000 22.5.000
Oats, bushels 506,000 169,000
Rye, bushels 22,000 11,000
Barley, bushels 97,000 10,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was weak; creameries, 14(320e; dairies,
M@lßc; cheese, steady. S%@ll>V4c ;"' eggs, firm;
rresh, 22<&22',£c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 415.110 41.170
Duluth 534.049 6W.N9-:
Milwaukee 144,300 S.'.SOO
Chicago 219.750 43.564
Toledo 52.106 6.800
St. Louis 35.000 27,000
Detroit '19,308 2,013
Kansas City 45,000 59.500
Totals 1,467,621 876.539
Tidewater-
Boston 48.872 82.888
New York 458.950 378,013
Philadelphia 22,082 15.086
Baltimore 103,911 124. ikk)
New Orleans 80.000
Galv'eston 92,568 225.000
Totals 724,383 861,022
LIVERPOOL, FUTURES.
Wheat— Dec. Mar.
Opening 5 11% 5 9'i
Closing 5 10% 8 «4
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Dec. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 45 SO 45 40
Closing 45 25 44 85
4 Wheat-
Opening 2130 2115
Closing 2115 2130
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Dec. B.— CATTLE— CattIe were
weak under the continued heavy decline. Com
mon and medium sold at yesterday's 10@15c de
cline, but choice beeves were as high as ever.
Sales were largely at $4 65@5 r>o: Christmas
cattle, $5 75(56; common dressed beef steers.
$3 Gs(g4 25; atocKers and feeders. %3 25@4 10;
canning cows, J2 20@2 75; medium cows, $2 SO®
3 40; fat cows and heifers, $3 55@4 2U.
HOGS— Ruled strong. Bulk of sales, $3 30®
3 40; common droves. $3 20@3 30; prime, $3 42Va
.(g3 47.: pigs. J3 15W3 30.
SHEEP— Were weak and in some cases
lower. Poorer lambs, $3 75@4 50; choice, $5 25(S>
6 40; yearlings, J2 45<g4 66; sheep, inferior, J2@
3; choice, $4(g4 25.
Receipts— Cattle. 10,000; hogs, 50,000; sheep,
14,000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. B.— CATTLE— Receipts.
6000; market steady. Native steers, $3 Ms 6 65;
cows and heifers. $1 75@4; Texas steers, $3ijj
4 &» ; stociiers and feeders, $3<g4 30; bulls, $2 SO
3 40.
HOGS — Receipts. 19,000: lights, steady to
strong; others steady. Bulk of sales. $3 20©
3 25; heavies. $3 25@3 45; packers, J3 17H<g3 ::r,;
mixed, Vi 15®3 30; lights, J3 10@3 25; pigs, J3&
3 20.
PHEEP— Receipts, 2000; market firm. Lambs
J3QS 40; muttons, $2@4 25.
v, -,'■' ■.■■: '.' ■ .: '■ , OMAHA. -
OMAHA, v Dec. CATTLE— Receipts. ISoO
market steady, v Native beef steers, $4fis 25 '
Western steers/; $3 70@4 30: Texas steers, %3 M©
3 90; cows "and heifers, ;• $3.'a'4 15; stackers and
feeders. 13 40f?4 40; bulls and stags, $2 40@3 80. .■•
HOGS— Receipts, 11.000; market steady: closed
strong. :■ Heavy, $3 25@3 30; mixed. 25@3 Z7V.
light.- $3 27^3 35; pigs,^s3@3 25; ; bulk of sales,
$3 2303 30.V,- .-■-. «.v^-i.,>- ;■•■■-•.■:■ ": ;■-:.•'
* SHEEP— Receipts, 4000; ' market slow; steady.
Native muttons. < $3 60@4 45; -Westerns, $3 40@
4 25; stockers, $2 70@3 30; lambs, $4 256/* 25. ' t, :
■•'■ T- ..:• "'• , : v DENVER. ; . .";,'" ' ". ; •
;; DENVER. Dec. i CATTLE— Receipts, - 100;
market sßlow.;but;s Blow.;but;; but ; steady. Beef • steers, Is 3 50@ .
4 15; cows. $2 75<Si3 25; feeders, freight paid to
river. $3 50<&4: stockers, freight paid to river,
$3 75tfM 10; bulls and stags, $2@2 70.
HOGS— Receipts'. 786; market 10c higher.
Light packers, S3 35(53 40; mixed, $3 30@3 C 5;
heavy. $3 20<fi3 25
SHEEP— Receipts, none.
CALIFORNIA RAISINS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Deo. 8. -The Journal of Com
merce says: Whether the Raisin Growers'
Association carried out its avowed purpose of
eliminating packers and middlemen as factors
in their business at the meeting which was
called for December 5 or whether the meeting
was held or not does not seem to be known to
Eastern handlers of the California product.
In the absence of definite information it has
been assumed by some here that the associa
tion has concluded not to make un experiment
which would mean a radical departure from
the accepted methods of distributing the Cali
fornia raisin crop, and which, possibly, would
result in the adoption of retaliatory measures
on the part of packers and commission mer
chants that would undermine the position at
tained by growers through their assm-lat inn.
It has been hinted that one reason why grnwcis
may have concluded not to push their opera
tions in the direction contemplated is that they
feel that they cannot afford at present to an
tagonize their friends in the Bast in view
ut the prospect of the withdrawal of the pro*
tection accorded to California raisin producers
in the high duty on Grecian currant.". This
is indicated by telegrams received to-day from
the coast from prominent groweri urging tln-lr
representatives here to uee their Influent-.- with
Congress to prevent the abrogation of tin- Inly
on currants, on the ground that It Is virtually
necessary for a perpetuation of tho California
raisin industry that this duty BQOttld be iv
tained. Among handlers of dried fruits ht>re,
however, there appears to be a sentltm*nt In
favcr of restoring currants to the free list or
at least for a modification of the duty.
Whatever action, if any, be tnkon by grow
ers on the proposition of President K> arnry
will, it is stated, have no Influence upon tho
market until next season.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT BAIiBS.
CHICAGO. Dec. S.-The Karl Fruit. Com
pany's sales of California fruit were as follows!
Tokay, averaged $1 17; Emperor, 7Scfi!sl 40;
Cornichon, $1 16: Red Emperor, 6"c@sl 18. Two
cars sold. Weather cold.
NEW YORK, Dec. S.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit were as follows:
Cornichon. Jl 60fj)l So: Tokay. $1 40(^2 fiO; Vcr
delle, 90c(fi$l 45; 'Ferrera. $140; Muscat, $1 211;
Morocco. $1 77. One car sold. Weather favor
able.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Dec. B.— Consols, W%; silver.
27'jd; whrat cargoes off coast, buyers lndiflVr
ent operators; cargoes on passage, more offer
ing; English country markets, quli-t.
LIVERPOOL. Dec. S— WHEAT— Dull; wheat
in Paris, weak; flour in Paris, weak; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet; December,
6s 10>id: March, 5s S*id.
CORN— Quiet; December, 3e 9d; January,
3s 7%d; March, 3s 7',sd.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. Dec. B.— Wheat dull nrni
lower; Walla Walla, S7@sßc; valley, 60c; blue
stem. 62c.
Cleared— Ship Australian, for Queenstown,
with 128,250 bushels Wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., Dec. B.— Wheat lower;
club, 58c; blue stem, 61@62c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. Dec. B.— Exchanges, $204,
569; balances, $42,807.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5....;... — . |4 84%
Sterling Exchange, 5ight........;... — . .'4'Bs&
Sterling Cables, ....................... — = 486
New York Exchange, 5ight......... — r • 15 .:
New- York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17% ;
Fine Silver, per 1 ounce..... — : 69 : ii
Mexican Dollars — 47,4
. WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT -The market was weak and futures
declined. somewhat. There was no disposition
to buy. ' '',■-'■.:
Spot - wheat— Shipping, $1 13»i@l 16Vi; milling.
$117i4@122%. ■•- ■ ..; • . ■
CALL BOARD SALES. '.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— — 6000 ctls,
$1 16%; 2000, $1 16*4; 4000, $1 16%. ' \'
Second session— May— 4ooo ctis, $1 16%. •
Regular morning: session— May — • ctls,
$1 16%; 32.000,. $1 16%; 4000. $1 17. .; : .
Afternoon ■ session— May— "ooo . ctls, $1 16%;
6000, $1 16%. ;•• : ■-...-•-■_■■;■ •■-.<. ■•- '■'■'-- • -" - .... -iv ■
BARLEY — was no further advance and
the market was quiet. '.; Futures, > however,' did
better. ;'■•-•- ..• .."'.■-.. ■:•> -^^- -"■■.•-.■=".
Feed, $1 25@1 30; Brewing, $1 32'^®! 45 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal - session— 9 ! o'clock— sales. .
Second ; session— No : sales. ' ,
Regular morning session — December— 2000 ctls,
$180%: 4000. $1 31; 6000, $1 31.». • " ' '■ ' ■ ;
Afternoon December— 4ooo ctls, $1 32. ;«
1 OATS— There was no further 'change.: The
market was quiet. .' '•.- ■•.-'■ ' - . .
Fancy- - Feed. $l-27i4@l 30 : per ctl; good
to . choice, $1 22>4©1 25: , common, $120;
Surprise. $1 35@1 i:' : ; Gray, $1 20@l 22%; mill
ing, $1 25@1 30 per ctl ; Red, $1 40@l 47>* ; Black,
$1 60@l TO. ' -" :'. ' -. - ••" :': ' : ,;
CORN— -Quotations remain unchanged. .-
Small -round yellow, vsl 13(g117V4:. Eastern
large . yellow. II 10;. white . $1 05©l 10: : mixed,
$1 07Vi per ctl; California white, $1 12^@1 15.
California,' Jl 17V 2 <& 1 20; Eastern, $1 15
per r cti;:.-« ' ■•!•■ . ■ - - >"■■•'■. ". - . - . ■ •
BUCKWHEAT— nominal. , -
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 IS©4 25; bakers' ;
extras," $3 90@4per.bbI.; ■: \ . .. >
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, : usual- discount to ; the trade: . ■ Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye - Flour, $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. %2 50; .'.extra'
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; ■' Oatmeal, $4 25;- Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 50: Buckwheat
Flour, J4@4 25; : Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina.
$1 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $5 Ss<a'6 25; in sacks. $5 65@6 05: Pearl
Barley, $3; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFF!^
In spite of the light receipts of Hay buyers
do not take hold and the market rules dull.
Bran and Middlings are firm.
BRAN— 50@15 50 ' per ton.
MIDDLINGS— per ton. . -- \/£
; FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $26 50@27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 &0; job
bing., $32((f32 50;Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cotton
seed Meal. $2S@3O per ton • Cornmeal, $23 50®
24 £0: Cracked Corn. $24@25. :^aa>l«»iiilVBW«Wttt'
■ CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $16 60@18 for.
good ■:. to . choice avd $14@16 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in; T Wheat and Oat, $15@16 50;
Oat. $14@15 50; Island Barley. $11@14; Alfalfa.
$11©12 50; Stock, $11@12; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $13 50@15; Cheat,'
$12:512 50: Alfalfa, $10@10 50;. Oat. • $13@14 50;
Clover, $11 50Ji12 50; Timothy, $11 50@13 per ton.
• STRAW— 3S*B. 7Sc per; bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The dry weather operates against any activ
ity in Seeds and the market is dull. There is
nothing new in Beanet.
BEANS— Bayos, $2(g2 10; Small Whites,
$2 15«g2 20: Large Whites. $1 80@l 95; Pinks,
$2@2 10; Reds, $3 15^3 25; Blackeye, $3 75@4.
Butters, $2@2 50; Llmas. $3 25@3 35; Pea, $2 3u£t
2 50; Red Kidneys, $2 40<fij!2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 1004 ',:> per ctl:
yellow Mustard, $4 25; Flax, $2(82 25; Canary
Seed, 2' / i@2 : >ic per lb; Alfalfa, 6M;@Tc: Rape,
2>i's'2%c; Hemp, 2',Sj@3c; Timothy, s@si.ic.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 50@l 75; Green, $1 75
@1 S5 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
There -Is no change worthy of note.
POTATOES— 6Oc for Early Rose; 30@50c for
River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, Tac^Jl 10;
Oregon, 75c@$l; Sweet Potatoes. 50@7jc for
nearby and $1 30 for Merced; New Potatoes,
l@2o per lb.
ONIONS— SO@7Oc per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 4<?6e: String
Beans, 6<gSe; Cabbage, 40(&50o; Tomatoes, KQ
DOc for Bay and riOc@Jl for Los Angeles; Garlic,
7@Bc per lb; Dried Okra, 15e per lb: Green Pep
pers, 3<fr.Jc per lb; Dried Peppers. 10@15c; Mar
rowfat Squash, $B@lo per ton; Carrots, 25«35c
per sack.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced,
desiccated, 16@lSc; granulated, raw, 13c,
Onions. 60c; Carrots, old, lCc; new, 18c; Cab
bage, SOc; Sweet Potatoes. 30c; Turnips, 2ac;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 500.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Dressed Turkeys were in better supply and
lower. Game sold about the same. A car of
Eastern Poultry goes on to-day.
POULTRY^-Dressed Turkeys, 13@lGc; live
Turkeys, H^loc for Gobblers and 14@16c for
Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 50@l 75; Goslings.
$1 50@l 75; Ducks, $4 5'J<S6 GO for old and II ,'!;,
6 50 for young; Hens, $3 50<7?5: young Roosters
$4 50@5; old do, $4@4 50; Fryers, »4@4 50; Broil
er?, *4@4 50 for large, J3ffi3 60 for small; Pig
eons, SIS 1 25 per duzen for old and $1 75@2 for
squabs.
GAME— Quail, *l(gl 25; Mallard. $3 50@4;
Canvasback. JfiSp: Sprig. 2®2 50; Teal, $1 50 :
Widgeon, $1 50; Small Duck, $1 25; English
Snipe, $2; Jack Snipe, llftjl 25; Gray Geese
$2 S098; White Geese. $1 25: Brant, $1 50^1 75-
Honkers. $3 50<ff4 50; Hare. $1: Rabbits, $1 25@
1 50 for Cottontails and ?I@l 25 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter continues to advance. It is in very
light supply. Eggs and Cheese show no fur
ther change.
BUTTER— >
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 17H0H0; sec
onds. 25@26&
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 23@25c; common,
grades. 18©22 c. •
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 17@18c; pickled roll.
17@lSc: creamery tub, nominal.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16&c pei
lb; Elgin. 22©21% C.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 11%@12c; oIQ, 10
Qilic; Cream Cheddar. 12@12%c; Young Amer
ica. 12c; Eastern. 12®13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 33@35c per dozen; com
mon Eggs, 30@32'-c; Eastern. 20@25c for ordi
nary and 27M:#2S&c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
There are hardly enough Grapes coming in
to quote.
Oranges are In better supply and weak.
Apples and Pears are unchanged.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $1 60@3 per chest for large
and for small.
Cranberries, $7 50579 50 per barrel for East
ern and Jlftl BO per box for Coos Bay.
(trajn'w, 60.'«i$l per box and crate.
Apples, 35r«ftjo for common. 75c@$l per box
for No. 1 and ?l 25@1 50 for choice. Lady Ap
ples, »1 .i 1 50.
Pears— uOcijf.Jl S3 per box.
Persimmons— fir.rtfi.Jl 25 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS- Navel Oranges, $2(®3 per
box: Seedlings, $1 tGQ2; Mandarins, $I@l 50;
Lemons, $l<<j!2 for common and $2 50@4 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes. $4; California
Limes, 25@50c per small box; Grape Fruit, $1 50
V 4; Banana?. $1 io@2 per bunch; Pineapples,
i'MiJ per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
■ The market moves along in the 1 same' old rut
and prices show no change.
DRIED FFUTIT-rrunes, 6%c for 40-50' 5,4%@
Re for GO-tiO's. 3V4@3%c for; 60-70's. 2%@3c for
70-So'i«. |UO2VfcC for 80-90" s; 2c for 90- 100" and
I ,MV for 100-110'b; .Silver Prunes, 2V4@50;
Peaches, , 6©7V4c for good to choice, ; 7%@Bc for :
fancy ami 10*5j12>,4c for peeled; Apricots, 10@12o
for ' Hoy uln ami UOISHo for Moorpark; Evapo
rated Apple*. 7Vi<ii7He: sun dried, 4@l%c; Black
Figs; lucks, 2(jf2Vtc ; ' Plums, 4'/4@6c for pitted
and . i r- 1 1 '-.-'• . for unpltted ; Nectarines, •■- 6@<c for
prime to . fancy; Venn,: 6®Sc for quarters and
B©»c for halve*. r : ■;■/: .<■■ - • ,• • -
KAISINB— >%C for two-crown, 4^c for three
crown, :>V' for four-oro wn, SV/tTfi'/io I for I Seed-
Icsb KullunsiH. 4>40 far Seedless Muscatels and
?i 20 for London Laysra; Dried: Grapes, 2%©3 c.
• NITS ill. tnutt, lOUHo per lb; Walnuts,
M?e for ■ hnrdHliPll, 1910 c for softsheii; Al
monds, (i®7c for hardnlK-11, ISo for softshell. 14@
160 for pii" i pI" ■!!; Peanuts, <!iH"cfor Eastern
ami 4\4rtific for ' ii I r..i , i •iii-i ..units. $4 50@5. .
l|(i.\i;v i lO^Uo for bright and B&9c
for lower unities; water whits extracted, 6V4@
7c; ■ Hunt umber- rxtractfd, 6c; dark, • s@s^»c
per ii.
iu:!:;'\v \ \ UQUc per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Lard fill unMtU«dl&ndfprtce» aro likely to
change moiL Nothing slst new.
CURED M IS ATB— Hacon. "He per lb for
heavy, BO for lißht' m.-.llimi. |0c for light. lO'-ic
for extra IlKht and I21fl214« for «UKur cured;
Eastern SuKHr-ciiriMl )lnn)«. 10@l0'/4c; California
Hums, •JVWJ'Ke; Man Bwf, $10 per bbt; extra
Mess Href. Ill; Family 11.. -I. |1| iOj extra
Prune Pork, $10; pxtm altar, $IS; nic»«, $15 504j)
16; Smoked Beef, HV4'tfl2o p«r lb.
LAUD— Baatern tlerccii <itint*l »t r.vir per ib
for compound and 8%07a for i»ure;'palls, 7Vic;
California Uereea, 4%©50 par ib for compound
and Cc for purr; hulf-burr«l«, li^c; 10-lb tins.
I\Le\ 5-lb tins, .'.•■
COTTOLENE— ■ 5%©6H0; packages
less than 300 lbs, ,1-lb pnll«. 10 in a case, sue:
S-lb pails. 20 In a oaas, «'»<•; C-ll> palls. 12 in a
case, B'..e; 10-lb pulls, fi In a cmc, l%e; CO-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a ca*o, 7%0j wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, .vi -; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7«i4c.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc. under the quotations. Heavy Baited
steers, 10c; medium, SVic; light, 8c; Cowhides,
8c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 8c; Calf, 8c; dry
Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands, 12c; dry
Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17c; Sheepskinß,
shearlings,. 15016 c each; short wool, 3O'(t4Oc
each; medium, 60@SOc; lonsr wool, 90c<f$l 10
each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 75(§2 for large and
75c. tor small; Colts, 50c; Horse Hides, dry, $1 50
for large and 50c(«$l for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3Vi@3%c per lb;
No. 2, 2%c; refined, 4%@5c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL — Spring clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months', 7119 c; San Joaquin aad Southern, 7
months', Bg9c; Foothill and Northern, free, lj
<314 c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9@llc;
Humboldt and Mendocino, 14@16c; Nevada 10<H
12c: Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
Pall Wools-
Humboldt and Mendocino 9(ffill
Northern Mountain 8@ 9
Mountain 7ijj 9
Plains 60 8
HOPS— IB9B crop. 12M>iS14c per lb for ordinary
15@16c for good and 17@19c for choice to fancy!
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4%'!_rse; Wool Bags, 26<g28c; San
Quentin Bags, $4 85.
■ Wellington, . $8 per ton ; New ■ Welling
ton, $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; .Seattle ■
$6: Bryant, • $6; > Coos , Bay, - $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland; $8 50(J9 in bulk and $10
©10 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, !
$14; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke, '$12 per ton ■in bulk
ana $14 in sacks. . -, •
;-;•. SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6%c:' Powdered. 6%c; Candy
Granulated, -D%c; Dry Granulated, 's%c; Confec
tioners'. A, s\c; California A, sic; Magnolia \
E%c: Extra C. sic; Golden C,'S%c; half-barrels,
Vie more than barrels, and boxes He more. ■. No
order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.' ■ - . ... x .- _. . .
COFFEE— C. E.'.Bickford's circular gives the
receipts at this, port during the .' first eleven
months of the year at 131,728 bags,-, against
137,376 during the same "time last year.. The
sales ' from - first ; hands ; were ; 113.139 bags.'
against 113,674. '. The stock on hand December 1
■was 14.081 bags, against 15.273 last year. The
world's visible supply December 1 was 6.969 200
bags, against * 6,422,792. - The circular says:
'"Business has been of very moderate propor
tions during the past month and market condi
tions have, undergone little change during that
time. ,-•.,■.■;--■■_..:■;...-.■.*■... t .*. ■. . ■•■ ■ . •
"The desire on the part of .Importers to close
out. as far as possible, their remnants of In
voices prior to December. 31 keeps prices soft
for all old crop grades, with the exception |or
those ranging in value from Sc down. Triage
is scarce and readily salable at from 5c to 6^c,
according to roasting style and cup merit. ' ■
■ ' 'New . : crop , 'washed - Guatemala .- has .. not so
far been received in sufficient, quantities to
establish, a firm basis of values, but. a small
shipment > arriving last week :■ was - sold at 16c
, tor prime, to 17*4 - for strictly, superior.; . •
"Brazilian receipts have lately, taken on very
small proportions and ;. the ; New > York market
for spot Coffees has improved %c for both No.
,7 Rio , and No. 4 Santos since November 7. No
changes have been made in former estimates of
the next Brazil crop. .-■ "■, V-
■- "The world's visible supply decreased 153,600
bags during the month of November.
: I "To-day's first •'. hand stock •■. consists of 2078
bags ■ Costa Rica,' 33 Nicaragua. 1953 Salvador '
7358 Guatemala and 9S« ■ Mexican; in all 12,408
bags, as against -. 12,026 bags same ■ time last
year." - •■■..-..
. We . quote: Coata Rica— l4@lsc - nominal • for
prime washed;.. 13@13%c nominal :. for ■ good
washed; 1 13@15c for good to prime washed pea
berry; 11%(g12%c for good peaberry; HH<S?I2VaC
for good to prime; 10H<§llc nominal for, good
current mixed with black beans: 9@llc for fair;
s%@Bc for ; common to ordinary. Salvador— 11
@13c nominal for good to prime washed: 9@loi~sc
; for fair washed; 10>.iffilH<jc ; for good to prime
washed * : peaberry ; ; - B%@S»ic ..for .- superior - un
washed .; 8c ; for -. green ;. unwashed ; 9V4®loc • for
good ; to , prime unwashed peaberry. Nicaragua
— SiffSSic nominal for : good to superior un
washed; SUijjiuc nominal for good to prime un
washed peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican—
16(5'17 1 / ic for prime to .fancy , washed new crop
ll'^@l3%c - for ' good to strictly good washed ■
9011 c for fair. washed : 7@8»,4c for medium- 5©
6&C for . inferior to ordinary; HV4@l2c for good
to ; prime . washed , peaberry ; . 9H@loc for . good
unwashed peaberry; . B@B%c ■ for . good to • su
perior unwashed; ;
SAN , FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There is no scarcity in anything and quota
tions remain ; unchanged. .:.
, Wholesale . rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: .
BEEF— First quality, 6V->c; second quality Be
third quality. 4%@s^c. , ■"*'.-.■
VEAL— Large, 8@8&c; small, SiSS^c r>er 1b f
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%@Bc; Ewes" 7c
LAMB— S@BVic per lb. ..- •••■:>
.'■?' PORK— Live Hogs, 4c for large. 4Uc for me
dium, and 3>4®3^c for small; stock Hogs 2"ri<a
3c; dressed Hogs, 6@6'/4c for prime. '
PRODUCE RECEIPTS.
For Thursday. December 8.
Flour, qr sks 8,518 Lumber feet 95 000
Wheat, ctls 61,390 Eggs. doz... 4 'r, 6 0
Bailey, ctls 1,835 Wine, gals , s^'ioo
Butter, ctls V>2 Brandy, gals 4 - sr,n
Cheese, ctls US Tallow, ctls. 25*
Brans, sks 51fi Quicksilver, ftkg! ''tf7
Potatoes, sks 3,730 Powder, cases... * 5
Onions, sks 8:<!i Leather, rolls!!" 121
Middlings, sks... 200 Hides, no mi
Hay. tons 10S Pelts, bdls ' 401
Straw, tons 19 Raisins, bxs 453
Wool, bales 2S
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 1.0001 Oats, ctls $40
WAS) VGTON.
Flour, qr sks 3,644 Oats, ctls 492s
Wheat, ctls 5.300 Middlings, gks!" '100
Barley, ctls 3.134 Wool, bales... 24
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 400
THE STOCK MARKET.
The beet prices for mining stocks were rather
better than those of the preceding day, but
th<> tain was siight.
Local securities showed more life. The pow
der stocks were weak. Giant declining to $J6
and Vigorit to $2 87>£. Gas & Electric ad
vanced to $85 25.
The Old Hume Consolidated Mining Company
of Nevada County has levied an assessment of
lc per share, delinquent January 4.
Operations in the Kentuck Consolidated mine
will hereafter be conducted through the Yellow
Jacket, the underground workings of both
mines being connected by drifts.
The delinquent assessment sale of the Crown
Point Mining Company will be held to-day.
The annual meeting of the First National
Bank has been called for January 10.
The Sulphur Bank Quicksilver Minin* Com
pany has re-elected the old directors and offi
ce™, with T. Wintringham as secretary.
- Three Utah . mines *, have J rec«ntly ; declared
dividends, •; as : follows: Grand Central. - 12% c
per, share, $31,500. payable on the 10th inst. ;
Silver King. 25c, per share, $37,500, payable on
the l^th; Swansea, . 10c '■ per share, $10,000, pay
able on the 10th. .
Now that Its ; litigation is over the - Hale &
Norcross Mining, Company will reduce Its capi
tal by reincorpnratlon. A new company will
7i c ,<>^ ned ' with the; same -.number of shares
(112.000) as , the present one. *. but the total
?i m Si n ,L Of P'tal will be 1336.000 instead of
$11,200,000, and the par value of the shares will
be $3 each Instead of $100, as at present.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Dec. 8.
I' c Rot,/! •■' BldAsk Bid.Ask.
U. S. Bonds— • ac LCo .... 47^i 50
4s quar coup.. - _ sF G & E... MX 85
4s quar reg... - - San Fran..... ? 3? 314
4s quar new... - _ Stockton Gas.. — 14
8s quar coup. .105*106 Insurance-
Miscellaneous- Firem'B Fund. 2lo —
Cal-st Cab 58..115 117 Water Stocks-
£ a i, El T6s ---«--J 5 — Contra Costa.. -.0 54
C C Wat 55... 101 — Marin C 0...... 60 —
Dup-st cx '<!.•;. - 98V4 Spring Valley.lol%lo2
EL & P 65.V.130 — Bank Stocks— \i
F&CI Ry 68.114 — Anglo-Cal .... 63% 65
Geary-st ft 6s. — 100 Bank of Ca1...255 258
HC & S 5%5.. — — • Cal SD & T.. 98%100
LAL Co 65.. 99 — First Nationl.2lo 215
Do gntd 65..102%102% Lon P & .... 133 —
Market-st 65.. 129 — Mer Exchange — 16
Do Ist M 55.U3%116% Nev Nat 8.... 175 177
NCN G R 75.108 — Savings Banks— .
N Ry Cal 65.. 113% — Ger S & L..1620 —
N Ry Cal 55.. 105% — Hum S & L.1050 1160
N PC R R 65. 103 — Mutual Saw 35 ■ —
NPC R R 05.100%101 S F Sav.U.. 500 —
N Cal R R ss. — 105 S& L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas 55.... 109 — Security S B 300 350
Om Ry 65..... 127 — . Union T Co. 1060 —
P & Cl Ry 65. 107 — Street Railroads—
P&O 6s .'.■... 112 — California ....109 —
Powell-st 65... — 123 Geary 45 —
Sac El Ey 58.100 - — Market-st ..... 57 67%
SF& N P 55.H0%110»4 Oak S L&H. — —
SierraßCal 65. 1044105% Presidio ....... 9% —
SPof Ar 65..110%11l : Powder— . ■ .
S P C65(1905-6)lll%112Vi California ....135 —
SPC 6s (191»n6%117% E Dynamite... 85 95
SPCIs eg 58.102 — Giant Con Co. 56% 66%
SP Br 65. .r... 118 •• —.- Vigorit .. .. 3 3%
S V Water 65. 119 120. Miscellaneous—
S V Water 45. 102% — Al Pac Assn.. — 105
S V.W4s(3dmJ.loo»ilolU Ger Ld Wk5..160 —
Stktn Gas fa. .100 — Hana PI C 0... 17% 17%
Gas & Electric— H C & S Co.. 49"4 50
1 Capital Gas... — — Hutch S P Co. 63% 64
Cent. Gaslight. los — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Cent L & P... 9 1 * 10% Oceanic S Co.. 57% 59 .
Mutual El Co. 11% 12 Pac A F A... 1% 2
Oakland Gas.. 52 - 52% j Pac C Bor Co. loo — .
Pac Gas Imp. 85% — I Par Paint Co. ;- 7% —
Morning Session.
Board—
25 Giant Pn«--' Con 57 00
35 Giant Powder Con 56 2o
85 Giant Powder Con 56 00
60 Giant Powder Con 56 12%
$5000 Loe Angeles Light bonds (gntd).. ..102 75
$3000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds 100 75
300 Pac Aux Fire Alarm 1 12%
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 75
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 87%
100 S F Gas & Electric C 0...; 85 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co, b 2 85 25
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 25
10 S V Water 10175
$2(M)0 S F & N P Ry bonds 110 37%
200 Vigorit Powder 3 12%
100 Vißorlt Powder 3 00
350 Vlgorit Powder 2 87%
Afternoon Session.
Board—
50 Giant Powder Con 56 00
1W Giant Powder Con 56 25
:>Q Oceanic S S Co 58 00
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 00
iSF Gas & Electric Co 84 87»<i
30 S V Water 10175
600 Vigorit Powder 3 00
WO Vigorit Powder, s 10 3 00
THE INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
200 Vigorit 3 25
Afternoon Session.
200 Vigorit 2 87V&
100 Equitable Gaslight 6 00
100 Equitable Gaslight 6 12*4
105 Giant 56 50
30 Oak Gas, Light & H 52 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher. 45 500 Mexican 38
100 Chollar 29 400 Occidental 96
700 Con Cal & Va..l 40 300 Ophlr 67
500 Crown Point 17 500 Potosl 28
700 Gould & Curry. 33 900 Savage 20
1100 Hale & Norcrs. 21 300 Union Con 27
200 Justice 20 200 Utah IS
300 Mexican 37 100 Yellow Jacket.. 18
Afternoon Session.
600 Best & Belcher. 41 100 Occidental 94,
100 Challenge 18 500 Ophir 64
400 Chollar 26 500 Potosl 27
200 Chollar 25 100 Savage 20
350 Con Cal & Va..l 35 500 Sierra Nevada.. l 25
£00 Gould & Curry. 30 150 Sierra Nevada.. l2o
300 Hale & Norcrs.. 19 700 Union Con 2*
200 Justice 21 100 Utah 13
700 Mexican 34
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: •
Morning Session.
so Alpha Con 06J2H0 Hale & Norcrs.. 21
800 Best & Belcher. 451900 Hale & Norcrs.. 2'l
200 Best & Belcher. 46! 200 Justice 20
200 Best & Belcher. 44 300 Mexican ........ 35
500 Bullion && r > 500 Mexican 86
200 Chollar 28 700 Potosi 28
150 Con Cal & Va...l 40i500 Savage 19
100 Con Cal & Va.l 37%|500 Savage 20
700 Crown Point IS i 3OO Sierra Nevada.. 1 30
500 Gould & Curry.. 30 150 Sierra Nevadal 32^ 2
800 Gould & Curry.. 32 700 Union Con 27
200 Hale & Norcrs.. 22 POO Union Con 28
Afternoon Session.
1200 Eest & Belcher 44 200 Occidental 94
500 Best & Belcher. 43 500 Ophlr 65
700 Best & Belcher. 42 600 Ophlr 63
400 Chollar 27 400 Ophlr 64
1100 Con Cal & Va..l 35 150 Potosl 28
200 Con Cal & Va.l 32Hi700 Potosl 26
SOO Crown Point 181700 Savage 18
500 Gould & Curry. 30 icki Sierra Nevadal 27 1 i
300 Hale & Norcrs.. 19 600 Sierra Nevada.. l 25
800 Justice 20 200 Sierra Nevadal 22'->
16i)0 Mexican 35 SOO Utah 15
300 Mexican 34 300 Utah 14,
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Dec. B—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Hale & Norcrs. 18 19
Bi<i.Ask. Julia 01 02
Alpha Con 06 07 Justice 20 22
Alta 12 13 Kentuck 06 07
Andes 07 09 Lady Wash — 05
Belcher 22 24 Mexican 33 34
Benton Con 04 10 Occidental 92 —
Best & Belcher 42 43 Ophir 63 64
Bullion 04 05 Overman 03 04
Caledonia 20 23 Potosi 26 27
Chollar 25 26 Savage 19 20
Challenge Con.. 13 19 Scorpion 03 05
Confidence 6S 70 Seg Belcher.... 0 04
Con Cal & Va.l 30 135 Sierra Nevada. l 20 1 25
Con Imperial... 01 02 Silver Hill — 06
Crown Point... U IS Syndicate — 05
Con New York — 04 Standard 175 —
Eureka C0n.... 30 — Union Con 23 24
Exchequer — 02 Utah 14 15
Gould & Curry. 28 29 1 Yellow Jacket. 18 19
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydroeraphlc
Office, located in the Merchants 1 Exchange Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building. at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, Is published
in the morning papers the following day
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published i,y official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hifh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. DECEMBER 9.
Sun rises 7-14
Sun sets '. ........... .4 -50
Moon rises 2:51 a. m.
Ft.
... v
- 1
- !
... 3
H
0:1
1 '
ti:
3::
7:12
7:60
B'3 i
9:18
L W
4:<M
4:59
6.5 2:221 0.8 9:17
6.7 S:10| 0.3 10:22
fi.9 8:58! — 0.2' 11:20
6.1 4:45—0.7
HW L W
3.2 10:08| 6.2 5:32
3.2' 11:00! fi.2 6:20'
S.2| U:s4j 6.9| 7:08;
6.'
5.!
6.:
ma
4.1
4.2
4.5
—1.1
... 1:
...1 1:
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, a? sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minuß sign (—1 precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the span of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., De
cember 8. 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
SIEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Lakme...........]Puget. Sound.. :.....|Dec.' 9
City of Peking.. China and Japan.. Dec. »
City of Panama i Panama .. .....Dec. 9
Cleveland. ......|l'uget Sound Dec. 9
0rizaba.......... Newport Dec. 9
Curaca0...".....: Mexico ................... Dec. 9
Wellington Departure Bay Dec. 10
Mineola Tacoma' .. :. Dec. 10
Wyef1e1d. ........ Nanalmo Dec. 10
5am0a. ..........|Humb01dt Dec. 10
C01umbia........ Portland Dec. ilk.
Santa Rosa San Dieso Dec.
Chilkat... Humboldt Dec. II
Fu1t0n........:.. Portland Dec. 11
Arcata :::.:: Coos Bay Dec. 12
North Fork Humboldt '.. .'. Dec. 12
Coos Bay Newport ....... Dec. 13
T'matilla I Victoria & Puget Sound Dec. 13
Signal. — Astoria Dec. 13
Leelanaw.....:. Seattle Dec. 13
Washtenaw .... Tacoma Dec. 13
P0m0na......... Humboldt Dec. 13
Empire..... Coos Bay Dec. 13
Del Norte :. Crescent City Dec. 14
A1ameda........ Australia Dec. 14
Eli Thompson. JSeattle Dec. 14
C0r0na.......... San Diego Dec. IS
State California Portland ....... Dec. IS
Chas. Nelson... Puget Sound • Dec. 16
Gaelic. :..... iChlna and Japan Dec. 16
STEAMERS TO RAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. Sails. ! Pier.
State of Call Portland Dec. 9, 10 amlPier 24
Corona !San Dipro Dec. 9, 11 amiPler 11
Pomona IHumboldt Dec. 10. 2 pmPier 9
Orizaba ....(Newport !neo. 11, 9 airrPier 11
Walla WalljVic & Pst Sd.lDec. 12, 10 am Pier 9
Chllkat IHumboldt !Dec. 12, 2 pm Pier 13
Santa RosalSan Diego [Dee. 13. 11 am Pier 11
Australia ..{Honolulu [Dec. 14, 2 pm Pier 7
Columbia ..Portland IDec. 14, 10 am I Pier '4
Cleveland ..ISeattlo iDiec. 14, 10 am Pier "">
Arcata 'Coos B»v Dec. 14, 10 am'Plcr 13
Coos Bay... [Newport iDeo. 15, 9 am Plpt 11
City PekinglChina& Japan Dec. 15, 1 pnv.PMSS
Curacoa ...; Mexico I Dec. 1.1. 10 am Pier 11
I Destination.
SHIPPING IXTELLIGEXCK.
ARRIVED.
, Thursday, December 8.
Stmr Reliance, Steinborn, 36 hours fron*-^
Fisks Mills. \
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 20 hours from Monterey
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, 60 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound.
Schr Fve Brothers, Jensen. 40 hours from
Blhlers Point.
Schr Maggie C Russ, Kallenberg. 12 days from
Grays Harbor.
CLEARED.
_ ' ■ _ • Thursday, December S.
Stmr Peru, Friele. Panama, etc; P M S S Co
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, \ Nanaimo; n
Dunsmuir Sons Co. ' %
Stmr State of California, Parsons Astoria*
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br ship Rajore, Crowley, Queenstown; En
pinger & Co.
SAILED.
''^'\;i : ". Thursday, December 8.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, Coos Bay. •
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefield, Tacoma.
Stmr Peru, Friele, Panama, etc.
. Stmr Cleone. Miller, Crescent City.
Ship Florence. Ryder, Port Angeles.
Bktn Encore, Lawson. Grays Harbor.
SPOKEN.
Oet 17, on the equator, in long: 24 w— Shla
WW Smith, from Philadelphia, for San Fran
cisco. ; ---'-.>
Oct IS, lat 3 N. long 3* W— Br ship British
General, from Antwerp, lor San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 8, 10 p m— Weather'
hazy; wind north; velocity, 28 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EVERETT— Dec B— Schr A M Baxter,
from Port Townsend.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Dec B— Bars: Agate,
from Port Townsend.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec B— Stmr Hueneme.
hence Dec 6; stmr North Fork, hence Dec 7;
stmr Alliance, hence Dec 7. . iit^r- .' 2 \
Sailed Dec Stmr Pasadena, for San Pedro. 1
UMPQUA— SaiIed Dec 8-Schr Lily, for San
Francisco.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Dec B— Stmr Alcazar, for
Sailed Dec B— Schr Abbie, for Caspar. •
COQUILLE RIVER— Dec B— Schr Bar
bara Hornster, for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Dec Schr
Newark, hence Dec 7.
PORT ANGELES— In bay Dec Ship Elwell,
from Moodyville, for Freemantle. ■ .■■
Arrived -Dec S— Stmr Cleveland, from Seattle,
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Dec B— Stmr Ellhu Thom
son, hence Dec 4.
■Sailed Dec — Stmr Homer, for Dyea. "■
HOQUIAM— Dec 7— Bktn Arago. for
San Francisco; Dec Schr Maweema, for
Santa Rosalia; schr Serena Thayer, for San
Pedro. - ■.-■-• *. ;
VENTURA— Arrived Dec B— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence Dec 7. ■
Sailed Dec 8— Stmr Geo Loomla, for • San
Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Dec 8— ship Falls of
Afton, ■■ for Queenstown.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 8— Stmr Laguna,
from Eureka; bktn 'Uncle John, from Eureka
schr Nokomis, ■ from . Seattle.
- FORT BRAGG— Arrived Dec Stmr Coquille
River, hence Dec 7. •.-.'._ ' .'* - -..._», -,
. Sailed Dec ' B— Stmr Sequoia, ■ for San ■" Fran
cisco. • "■•-•■ •■ »•, : .■ ■" .'.•.■.•.•.
TACOMA— Sailed Dec B— Sehr Corona, for San
Pedro. . ■ -■ •- ••• • -
I" EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec Ship Iroquols for
Honolulu. ...-..- ■ .
. FOREIGN PORTS.
MANILA— Dec 7— Stmr Newport, hno
Nov a. - . . ... • .- .
CALCUTTA— port Nov 3— Br ship Belfast
for San Francisco; Br ship Sierra Nevada; for
San Francisco.
; HONGKONG— Arrived prior . Nov 7— Br stmr
Victoria, from Tacoma.
P^l^Pphitf^da^ 0 8 - ShlP - st John ' from
JA^KI-^portNov 4-Ger bark>Ecua- ,
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
k|k^ Steamers leave Broadway
R>S»^_ wharf. Pan Francisco:
I MJFs»*sm For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m
WIJMI Dec. 2. 7. 12, 17. 22. 27. Jan. 1.
KBWHSmI change at Seattle.
MRgEOT^Mti} ■ For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
BgEgu«^g|ll C), Port Townsend, Seattle.
f^^Ks^MJ Tacoma, ■ Everett. , Anacortes
... and New • Whatcom (Wash.),
-. - 10 a. m., Dec. 2. 7. 13. 17, 22.
27 Jan. '1, and every . fifth day thereafter.
change ! at Seattle to this ■ company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry., at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Dec
6, 10, 15. 20. 25. SO, Jan. 4, and every fifth day
thereafter. --X.' " ;;: "\.V
For Santa Cruz, Monterey,- San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San , Luis Obispo).
Gaviota Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and ;
Newport, 9 a. m., Dec. 3. 7, 11, 15. 19. 23. 27, 31, '
Jan. 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obisi>o). Santa Barbara, < Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles, 11 a.
m . Dec 1. 3, 9. 13. 17, 21. 25. 29, Jan. 2. and
every fourth day thereafter. •
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mez.), 10 a. m., Dec 15, Jan.
12. ' ' '
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
I ar b<-.iirs of sailing.
ffIOXKT OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.. :
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
C * DC SI 2 First Class Inclndirg Berths
■ nllC $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA 5ai15........... ......Dec. 14, 24
STATE OF CAL. 5ai15.;....". Dec. 9. 19, 29
Short . line .to ■ Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all ' points .in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
■ '■.-.■". ■ ' Superintendents.
Compagn'.e Generals Transatlantique.
r (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS __
(FRANCE). Sailing, every Saturday *<*(&&.
at 10 ra.■: m. from Pier 42. North «?££«£,
River, foot : of Morton street.
LA CHAMPAGNE ....Dec 17
LA BRETAGNE :. Dec ii
LA. N0RMAND1E......... " ec " 31
LA GASCOONE... j an " 7
LA CHAMPAGNE................... ..j a n - ,1
First-class : to Havre. $90 and upward 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction round trln
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATF*
AND CANADA. . 3 Bowling Green New V orb
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents ; 5
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
'^SfeUNEPSISSS^ S - AUSTRALIA
mnC' aiffHiai*??. 11 * for Honolulu
W-sST sLi * T ednesday, December
fRSPffINS* The S - - AUSTRALIA
wPfiSsi*??.' 1 ;? for Honolulu
"Sfc"™' 3 "^ Wednesday. December
■ ». 14. at 2 tj. m.
Qy^rneV'in > Tlle S - S ALAMEDA
nMCdlUjll D J !!alls , vla Honolulu and
j^rnrvanii Auck 'and for Sydney
£**> COIHBQRIr' WednesJ ay, December
*«, at iv p. m.
. Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa: ,
J. D. SPEECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
;-T.,\*r •-?;-;.■:-• :•;. 114 Montgomery st. '
Freight office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
'■■ BAY AND river steamers. "?
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
s, : -^ ; Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed.. : Thurs. '■ and 5at.'..;......'..
".: 9:45 a. m.. 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Friday 5.:........ 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays.r..-..v.r: .*..:-•...'. 10:30 a. m. and 3 p.m.;.
"Landing and offices— Mission ■ Dock, Pier J.
r- : ■ . -.-.-•; ■ /- 1 Telephone Main 150 S. •BOTKIN JURY
IS COMPLETE
Attorney Hosmer Makes the Open=
ing Statement.
He Outlines the Case Which the Prosecu
tion Hopes to Prove — Mrs. Botkin
the Only Witness for the
Defense.
T. H. CHANDLER.
ATJRELIUS E. BUCKINGHAM.
J. F. KENNEDY.
S. K. OVERGARD.
S. H. DANIELS.
M. MARCUSE.
THE Botkln jury is completed, and
the trial will begin on Monday
morning at 10 o'clock. Both sides
consented to a recess from yester
day, as it is now certain the case will not
last a week, and it was thought, desirable
not to have an interruption in the testi
mony. Mrs Botkin will be the only wit
ness placed on the stand by the de
fense.
After the opening statement by the
prosecution yesterday Attorney Knight
declared that even with the extra latitude
grained Mr. Hosmer. who mentioned
many things which will not be admitted
as evidence, no case could be made
against the defendant.
Only one session of court was held yes
terday, ami the proceedings were un
broken by any startling incident. The
Assistant District Attorney Hosmer Opens the People's Case Against Mrs. Botkin.
spectators listened attentively to the
opening statement by District Attorney
Hnsmer, and were deeply disappointed at
the lack of a sensation. Mrs. Botkin sat
in her usual pi" "c calm, cheerful and at
tentive. Occasionally the lines about her
mouth would tighten, but only for an in
stant. During the portion of the state
ment dealing with her relations ! th
Dunning she sat defiantly erect, and ap
peared angered rather than ashamed.
Dunning was also an unperturbed 1 stener
to the story outlined by 3Ut. Hosmer, in
which he is to fill the details. During Mr.
Hosmer's speech George Knight shifted
his chair several times, and finally located
at the entrance to the jury box, where
he had a good view of the speaker. He
paid strict attention to every word, and
was ready to junrn in with an objection if
m-' 1 ' -sary.
The twelfth juror needed to complete
the panel was secured in fifteen minutes
yesterday morning. H. J. Burns, a capi
talist, living at 3335 Seventeenth street,
was the third talesman examined and,
proving acceptable to the people and the
defense, he was sworn in. A murmur of
relief from the spectators followed the
completion of the jury and the attorneys
shifted their seats and prepared for the
actual beginning of the trial.
Juror Marcuse desired to be excused
from serving and he attempted to secure
a dismissal by Imitating Colonel J. S.
Young, whose conscience would not per
mit him to try the case. Marcuse ad
dressed the Judge, saying his mind was
in such a condition that be did not feel
fjualified to act. His Honor would not
listen to him, and the unwilling juror dis
gustedly resumed his seat.
Clerk Tolle then read the indictment
charging Mrs. Botkin with the murder of
Mrs. John P. Dunning. At 10:20 Assist
ant District Attorney Hosmer began the
opening statement for the prosecution,
lie spoke for fifty minutes without an at
tempt at oratory and was only inter
rupted once by Mr. Knight. Mr. Hosmer
was indicating what the prosecution ex
pected to prove by the handwriting and
he said John B. Bennlngton was satis
fied that the anonymous letter sent from
this city and thp writing on the box of
candy were by the same hand. Knight's
objection that this was an improper state
ment was sustained and Mr. Hosmer re-
sumed.
In the opening statement Mr. Hosmer
reviewed all the evidence which was con
tained In the affidavits presented to Gov
ternor Budd when the defendant's extra
dition was requested by the State of Dela
ware. The prosecution did not foreshadow
an* new evidence. Mr. Hosmer said:
"May it please the court and you, gen
tlemen of the jury: In support of the in
dictment you- have Just heard read the
people expect to show a state of facts as
follows:
"The evening mail which arrived at
Dover, Del., on the 9th of August last con
tained a package, which will be identified,
addressed to Mrs. John P. Dunning. This
package was taken from the mailbag by
the Postmaster and placed in the box of
Abe jacobs,
w. b. harrington,
jacob heyman.
John f. myers,
edward a. keil.
h. j: burns.
J. B. Pennington, father of the deceased.
j A few moments later the grandson of J.
i B. Pennington got the package and took it
home. The Pennington family at that
time consisted of himself, his wife, his
! two daughters and his two grandchildren,
i the young daughter of Mrs. Dunning and
i Mrs. Deane, and Joshua D. Deane. The
; members of the family ate their supper, |
! and none were sick thereafter. Then Mrs. i
i Dunning and her daughter went out on |
the veranda and the package was handed
;to the mother. She looked at the wrap
per, but did not recognize the handwrit- I
ing thereon. She then opened it, and j
found a pink box, oblong in shape, across i
the top of which was inscribed the word, I
'bonbons.' Opening the box. she found
a note reading, 'With love to yourself and
baby— Mrs. C; a handkerchief with a 25- i
cent price mark thereon and a quantity of !
| mixed chocolate candy, consisting of cara
j mels and hard and soft pieces of different
| shapes and sizes.
"Mrs. Dunning endeavored to ascertain
the sender's name, but could not. About
the time the box was opened Mrs. Deane
and her daughter, Leila, Miss Ethel Mil
lington. Miss Josephine Bateman and Mr.
and Mrs. Pennington came out on
the porch. The canay was passed around
and all partook of it. Mrs. Pennington
found the candy ill tasting and spat it
out, and Mrs. Dunning's child ate only
the small hard pieces with white drops on
them. That night Mrs. Deane and Mrs.
Dunning were taken ill with vomiting,
retclitng and abdominal pains. The fol
lowing morning a physician was called
to administer to them and to Leila Deane
and Harry Pennington, who had also be
come sick later at night. Mrs. Deane
lived from the 9th to the evening of the
nth of August, and Mrs. Dunning died on
the 12th. Leila Deane was sick three days
and recovered. Harry Pennington and
Ethel Mlllington were sick all the day of
the 10th. Miss Bateman, after leaving
the Pennington home, found a foreign
substance imbedded in her gums and the
following day she was also sick. During
the sickness of those who partook of the
candy Mr. Pennington went to Mrs. Dun
ning and asked her where the remainder
of the candy had been placed. She told
him 'on top of the secretary.' He found
it there with the note, handkerchief and
wrapper. He looked at the superscrip
tion on the wrapper and was struck by
the resemblance it bore to certain letters
he had at his office, of which I shall
speak later.
"A little later he gave the box and con
tents to the physician who attended his
daughters, and the latter gave three
pieces of the candy to Dr. Wolf, a chem
ist, who made an analysis and found 11 to
12 grains of arsenic in the three pieces.
After this had been done the Coroner's
jury at Dover found that Mrs. Deane
and Mrs. Dunning had come to their
death by arsenical poisoning. Then the
box candy, handkerchief and writing
were passed to the Attorney General of
Delaware, and by him to Bernard J. Mc-
Vey who brought the articles to this city
and delivered them to Chief of Police
Lees. These exhibits are now in the
same condition as they were when
brought here.
"We expect to show by Mr. Penning
ton that in the spring of 1897 he obtained
a letter addressed to Mrs. Dunning which
had been sent from San Francisco. She
read the letter, which was anonymous,
and called her father's attention to it.
The letter contained charges against her
husband, and on the advice of her father
she sent a copy to Mr. Dunning, who was
then in Salt Lake. Shortly afterward an
other anonymous letter reached Dover,
and she again consulted her father, re
questing him, if any more letters of that
nature came, to keep them and not show
them to her. During the summer a third
letter came, which he kept in his office.
When he compared these writings with
the address on the wrapper around the
candy box he was satisfied—"
"I object," interrupted Mr. Knight.
"That is an improper statement to a
jury." The objection was sustained and
Mr. Hosmer resumed:
"We expect to show that John P. Dun
ning was living in San Francisco in 1895,
and he then became acquainted with Mrs.
Cordelia Botkin, the defendant. An inti
macy sprang up between them and they
were frequently in each other's society. In
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FBIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1898.
1596 Mrs. Dunning returned to her father's
home and the intimacy between J. P.
Dunning and the defendant continued. He
went to 927 Geary street, where she lived,
and secured a room there, and they often
occupied the same apartment. This ex
isted till the spring of 1897. when Dunning
went to Bait Lake. While there he re
ceived a copy of the anonymous letter
sent to his wife, and he forwarded it to
Mrs. Botkln. In the summer Dunning
returned to San Francisco and resumed
his relations with Mrs. Botkin, who was
then living at the Victoria Hotel. She
informed him she had been divorced from
her husband, who lived in Stockton.
About the time of the opening of the
Spanish war Dunning received a telegram
calling him to New York. Mrs. Botkln ac
companied him across the bay to Oak
land, where they separated. Dunning met
his wife at Philadelphia and thence pro
ceeded to Florida and to the war.
"We expect to show that Dunning wrote
to Mrs. Botkin from New York that he
Intended to rejoin his family and reside in
that city. About June 1. 1898, the defend
ant went from the Victoria Hotel to the
Owl drug store in this city and bought
two ounces of arsenic, telling the drug
clerk she wished to clean some straw
hats. The clerk informed her there were
other chemicals better to use for that
purpose, but she persisted and was given
arsenic. About the same time a person
answering the description of Mrs. Botkin
purchased arsenic at the Star drug store.
"On the 27th of July last the defendant
went to Stockton, where* her husband re
sided. She was under the weather and
while there talked with Mrs. Bauof, a
nurse, about poison, and made inquiries
as to the quantities of strychnine and ar
senic necessary to kill a person. She also
asked the nurse about rates of postage
on packages and said she intended
sending a package north and inquired if
a person sending a registered parcel had
to sign his name. Then she asked if one
had to tell a doctor or a lawyer the truth
when engaged professionally. We ex
pect to show by the testimony of Mrs.
Rauof that Mrs. Botkin at that time re
marked that she and Dunning were to
become closer than ever before and we
also expect to show by Mrs. Rauof the in
timacy which existed between the de
fendant and the husband of the woman
she is alleged to have poisoned.
"The defendant returned from Stockton
to this city July 30 and went to the Vic
toria Hotel. On the morning of the 31st
she professed to be ill and had breakfast
served In her room. That afternoon a
woman answering her description went
into the candy store of George Haas, on
Market street, near the terminus of the
car line which passes the Victoria Hotel,
and asked the young lady clerk to hurry
and get her a box of chocolate. She
wanted a fancy box and the clerk went
across the store and got a box which was
satisfactory. This party asked the clerk
not to completely fill the box, as she
wished to put something else in it. In
stead of charging the usual price the
clerk only charged 40 cents, because the
box was not full. The clerk wrapped the
box in tissue paper and placed a seal on
it and then wrapped it in a piece of paper
identical with that which inclosed the
poisoned candy sent to Delaware.
"We expect to show that the candy sent
to Delaware was made by Haas, who with
his employes will identify it. On the aft
ernoon of July 31 Mrs. Botkin was seen
going to her room by the landlady of the
Victoria Hotel, who was surprised to see
her lodger about, as she was supposed to
be sick.
"We purpose to show that Mrs. Bot
kin was in the City of Paris dry goods
store and bought a handkerchief identical
in texture with the one sent to Delaware
and similarly marked. We will show that
in the room occupied by Mrs. Botkin at
the Victoria was found a portion of. a seal
which came from Haas' store.
"On August 4 Mrs. Botkin left the hotel
to go to St. Helena, and wrote a letter
to Mrs. Price to forward her mail. We
expect to show that in the early part of
August there was mailed at the ferry a
package addressed to Mrs. John P. Dun
ning, which arrived at Dover bearing a
San Francisco postmark dated August 4.
John Dunnigan, a postal clerk of this
city, handled the package and was struck
by the similarity of names.
"We will show that Mrs. Botkin went
to St. Helena and from there crossed
over to Healdsburg and at the latter place
received the news of Mrs. Dunning's
death. She was interviewed by Miss Liv
ernash, a newspaper woman, who will
swear to conversation which took place
between them, in which the defendant
spoke of her love for Dunning, and of an
admission that she would probably be
suspected of the murder of his wife. Mrs.
BotKin then went to Stockton accompa
nied by Miss Livernash. and there a
stormy scene took place between husband
and wife. Mr. Botkin's son told Miss Liv
ernash that 'Jack Dunning loves my
mother.'i
"We expect to show by handwriting ex
perts that the anonymous letters, the ad
dress on the package and the note within
the candy box are all in the handwriting
of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin.
"Gentlemen," said Mr. Hosmer, in con
clusion, "if we prove these facts we shall
expect a verdict of murder in the first de
gree against the defendant."
When Mr. Hosmer finished Attorney
Knight arose, and after a short consulta
tion with the prosecution moved for an
adjournment until Monday. Judge Cook
acquiesced and after the jury received the
usual instructions court was adjourned
and Mrs. Botkin went back to the County
Jail.
D. G. McClure, Mrs. Botkin's brother
in-law, sat with her yesterday. Her hus
band and son have not, so far, appeared
at the trial— ln fact, she has not seen her
son since she was arrested.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and I.arkln sta. Swimming. Rus .lan, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater riirect from ocean.
The Deadly Technicality.
The Superior Court of Modoc County
made an error in admitting certain evi
dence in the case of James Cuff, accused
of having attempted to murder a man
named Miller by strychnine poison. The
two persons were the suitors for the hand
or favors of a girl named Miss Lush, and
Miller was the more favored. One day
he b»iame very sick and an investiga
tlon showed that he had been poisoned,
the deadly crystals having been placed in
his sugar. All of the evidence connecting
Cuff with the crime was of a most cir
cumstantial nature and the court seemed
to allow the prosecution unusual latitude
in introducing evidence showing a motive.
In so doing it committed an error that
caused the higher court to reverse the
Judgment and order and direct that the
case be retried.
MORE SHORTAGES IN
M'GLADE'S ACCOUNTS
HE FORGED NINE WARRANTS
DURING JULY.
Realized $832 by His Last Theft.
Derham Says He Never Signed
the Claims.
Pete McGlade must face more of his
own wrongdoing. The comparison of the
Auditor's books with the warrants of tue
Street Department was finished yesterday
and at the last moment it developed an
other shortage in the defaulting deputy's
accounts — this time of $832.
The methods pursued by McGlade were
the same as in the first cases charged
against him— wholesale forgery, perjury
and fraud— and, as in the first instances,
evidences of the participation In his
crimes by others whose names the police
have not yet been able to discover. The
$832 secured was taken from the treasury
on nine fraudulent names during the
month of August. The warrants were all
made out to fictitious names, and signed
by McGlade himself. They also bore the
signature of Charles Derham, another of
the deputies in the Street Department:
but when seen yesterday Derham declared
that in each case the signature had been
forged.
The fictitious names to which McGlade
issued his latest bunch of warrants are:
J. Kelley $80 60; T. Dwyer $92. O. Gould
$92: William Magee $92: C. Murphy $92,
J. Sullivan $92, H. Swords $92, W. Hanra
han $100, J. Tierney $100.
Mayor Phelan has laid the case of Mc-
Glade before the Grand Jury.
BALDWIN FIRE DISCUSSED.
Complaints Against Obstructions Re
ferred to Chief Sullivan and
the Fire Wardens.
The Fire Commissioners at their meet
ing yesterday afternoon appointed John
J. Kenny hoseman of engine 8, and John
Flynn truckman of truck 5.
A communication was read from the
Merchants' Association intimating that it
would award a gold medal yearly for pre
sentation to a member of the department
for bravery in saving life, and a vote of
thanks was passed to the association.
A communication was also read from
the association complaining against the
obstruction on the sidewalk caused by
the Baldwin Hotel fire, and it was refer
red to the Chief and Fire Wardens to take
action.
Pretty boxes of good writing paper,
sterling silver desk pads, letter-openers,
penholders, match and stamp boxes, pen
cil-holders and inkstands. Good for
Christmas presents. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
R E French. Cal E J Lowry. Fresno
G N Smith, Op A L Henry, Sacto
M H Melrose, Aurora B J Carlow, Sacto
J Meyer & w, Utah F M Lipp, MarysvlU*
Mrs R Fraser, Ind J P Palve, Mexico
Mrs E Shoror & d, Kas F L Coombs, Napa
F H Green, S Rafael J M Gillett, Sonora
M R Monroe, Chicago L W Fulketh. Modesto
J T O'Brien. Cal \V W Thompson. Cal
W H Lumsden, Cal 8 D Ballou, Cal
W L Taber, Cal J S Topley & w, CaL
C H Davis. Palo Alto I F Stein, Stockton
M Schnabel, Newcastle T A Collins, Napa
F G Petch, Eureka R M Collins, Napa
H C Ewing. Seattle C M Chase, Boston
W D Jenkins & w, Mrs H Plnkham, Cal
Olympla Mrs Ginzendofer. Cal
J Goldman, Merced F B Small wood, Cal
E B Tyler, Tulare R P Halfhlll, L Ang
Miss E Tyler, S Jose N B Turner &w, Cal
H H Bittineer & w, Mrs Holmes, S Jose
Bakersneld Miss A Holmes, S Jo§»
G E Parkes, Cal Mrs E A Dial, Cal
A J Hunn, St Louis J W Guthrle. Sacto
Mrs V Arlington, Wash Mias G Woodhatl Cal
A E Albert & W, 111 T W Patterson, Fresno
F Domlnguez, L Ang G W Reynolds. N V
C H Backman. Napa W J Richardson, Neb
H D Sides. Dayton C Cobb, Juneau
H J Small, Sacto R E Good, Clovis
B Welch. Sacto J A Andrews, Minn
J H Mills, Sacto N H Jack & w, Cal
A Morris & w, Cal Mrs J M Lacos, S Jose
L Kennedy, Sacto 'D A Lamb, S Mateo
W T Maggard, Sacto D Hay ward, Redwood
J X Wilson &w, Cal IM S Hamilton, Cal
3 Donnell. St Helena W X Melville, 8 Jose
M F Duff, Menlo Park
PALACE HOTEL.
J P Witmark. NY .MA Robert, USA
Miss J Carroll, Chicago C H Thome & w, Pa
H S Pickards, Chicago |w L McKenzie B C
J O Pickards, Chicago G Williams, w, Alaska
Miss Pickards, Chicago W Gillette. New York
Mrs Goodwin. Chicago D»M Ottenhelmer. 11l
A Blffar. Germany H Ross. N V
W Kldston. Cal IE Conn. Los Angeles
H M Klnney, Wlnona J W Loeb, New York
T A Griffin, Chicago G Moore, Rockford
F Thyssene, Germany W L Vail, Los Angr
T R More, B C J J Meyler, USA
O Stiner, New York Mrs Thome & 3 eh
F S Schleslnger. N V Tacoma
W M Lee, New York C A She«ts &w, Ohio
E Stroues, Chicago Dr J G Thomason, Cal
J Elsendrath, Chicago Q B Ross. NY
J D Qulnn. New York H H Hinshaw, Cal
J H Bawden. Chicago O P Jenkins, Stanford
L A McKeown. Pittsbg'E H Belcher, Boston
J P Lindsay, Chicago Q H Bryant, Chicago
L Klnchbrauer, Omaha
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
T Rossi & w. Sn Diego J A Johnson. Fresno
G S Battle, Fresno A Lunblad, Wash
B Gilley, Fresno A J Bolsaeau, Brandon
D A Fraser, Seattle M Manton, Vancouver
J Brant. Stockton M McKlnnon. Alaska
M Powers. Rio Vista J J McKlnnon, Alaska
H B Lowla, Riverside A Moulton, Sulsun
J M Daniels, Callstoga L Fox, Chicago
J C Lawlor, Sacto jj D Cross Watsonvllle
A L Casey, Pncto M BerYy, San Jose
M Snyder, Wash '
ADTTEBTISKHEWTS. ______
I Piper Heidsieck |
C Plug Tobacco
ff — not only because they are competent j|
J to judge its quality, but because the^f ®T
m know that the unconscious muscular M
h[ movement of chewing helps concen- %
J trate thought. Try it and prove this C
j» for yourself. !! ' N I?
V CHAMPAGNE FLAVOR. '£
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
xjisrioisr
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December,
A D 1897, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed aa per blank furnished by the
Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up
In cash $200,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $160,000 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 9,900 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 282,264 25
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 24,509 75
Cash In company's office 4,932 41
Cash In banks U. 485 16
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 800 00
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 97 50
Premiums in due course of collection 45,980 87
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 1,000 00
Cash in hands of managers, San
Francisco W. 772 7*
Due from perpetual insurance on
building 742 50
Total assets $678,884 98
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid J12.557 3S
Losses In process of adjustment or
in suspense 27,057 63
Losses resisted, including expenses. ICO 00
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $231,032 34;
reinsurance 50 per cent 115,51117
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning more than one year, $187,163 91;
reinsurance pro rata »8,788 66
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual fire insurance policies 85,020 33
AH other demands against the com-
pany 19,094 64
Total liabilities $808,49177
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums • • $»7.71J 97
Received for Interest on bonds and
mortgage* ■••••• • • • ■ • • • • 485 00
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loan 3 and from
all other sources 19.18S S7
Received for rents 2,209 98
Total Income $379,806 32
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses (in-
cluding $25,552 49. losses of pre-
vious years) $155.144 68
Dividends to stockholders 11,859 44
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 11,287 50
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 36,55( 60
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 10, 158 07
AM other payments and expendi-
tures 19,178 67
Total expenditures $306,014 86
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $168,128 71
~~Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... 5M,046,778 $361,415 06
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 81.660,499 158,324 73
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1897 88.662,938 418,198 25
C. S. HOLLINSHEAD, President.
E. R. DANNELS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January, 1898.
RICHD. H. REILLT. Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT:
436 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
T. EDWARD POPE, Manager.
R. W. OSBORN. Assistant Manager.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. „
Prom Nov. 10, 1898. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Daily.
8:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 2:45 pm 5:50 pm
10:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:03 pm
11:40 am s:3opm Fresno 9:3oam 2:32pm
12;38pm 7:45pm Hanford 7:45 am l:3t. pm
3:2opm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:3oam 11 :2S am
12:58pm S :sopm Vlsalla, 6:40 tm, I:lspm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
riny. leaving San Francisco and Stockton at
p. m. daily excepting Sunday.
For stage connections see official time table
or inquire at Traffic Manager's Offic*- 821 Mar-
ket street, Son Francisco,
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Pennsylvania Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1897, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up
Jn cash $400,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $183,500 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 929,600 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 3,499,915 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 63.350 00
Cash in company's office 2,189 20
Cash in banks 1C0, 499 25
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 729 57
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 18.385 8«
Premiums In due course of collection 246.117 16
Total assets $5,100,25« 04
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $54,111 24
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense 139,778 92
Losses resisted, including expenses. 13,726 00
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,535,703 73;
reinsurance 50 per cent 767,85187
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,368,-
640 31; reinsurance pro rata 699,852 85
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual fire insurance policies 823,239 42
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become due 4,000 00
Total liabilities ....$2,502,560 32
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $1,724,126 95
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages 42,368 52
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 160,811 67
Received for rents 2,098 00
Total Income $1,929,405 14
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $597.218 80
Dividends to stockholders 80,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 404.101 30
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, olerks. etc 131,378 00
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 45,887 01
All other payments and expendi-
tures 64,142 26
Total expenditures $1,622,725 42
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $942,368 98
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $224,993,253 $2,216,195 47
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 191.507.222 2,050,365 04
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1897 323.094,764 2,904,344 04
R. DALE BENSON. President.
W. GARDNER CROWELL. Secretary.
Subscribed and Bworn to before me this 27th
day of January, IS9B. GEO. W. HUNT.
Commissioner for California,
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT;
436 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
T. EDWARD POPE. Manager.
R. W. OSBORN, Assistant Manager.
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
California
Limited
Santa ft Route
Connecting Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY,
TUESDAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 8:15 A. M. the
following Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at l:3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAX FRANCiSCQ TICaEfWiCE— 18 MIKEI SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN IML
Oakland Offioe-1118 Broadway.
Sacramento Offloa— 23l J Stmt
Ban Jobs Offioe— 7 West Santa Clara St.
AUCTION SALES.
ELEGANT FURNITURE,;
THIS DAY (FRIDAY). AT 11 A. M.,
3549 TWENTIETH ST.. NEAR MISSION.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 602 Market st.^
, RAILROAD TRAVEL.
■OVTUKKN I'AIIt'H (OJIPAST.
(PACITIO BVSTEM.)
- Trutni Ifata lttitl Mi"a a .i..- Ilk nrplf . 2tS
, MAN ritANCINCO:
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
LBAV« — From Nov. 29, 1898. — ARItIVB
"«»:OOa Niles. San Jose aud Way Stations... •8:4."il '
~:O»a Kenicia, Sulsun and Sacramento 1O:»5a
?:ova MarysTille. OroTilleaud Keddlng Tla
Woodland 5:43*
7:Ot>« Elmira. VaoaTille an.l Rutns«y..;.., - 8:43»
*:3«.\ Martinez, San lUmou, V.Jlejo, Nape,
Calisttigaaixl.Saiua Rosa... 6:13»
8:00 a Atlantic Wrprens, Ogdeu and Kant.. Bt43f
»:iI«A San .lose, .SUxikton, Valley [Spring,
lone, Sacraiueuto, .. Maryrdllo, .- ' i- :
Chtoo, Tol;:tiua and Ue.l Itlutt.... 4tl<»»
Ai.tO.i Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown..' 4i13»
•»:Soa Milton «7:13j
»:«Oa Martinez. Trucy, Lathrop. Stockton,
Merced i. nd Fresno '. 12:1.5/
•iOOa Fresno, liakersiicl.l. .SanU Ui«rliara. - , ;.. ;
■ Los Angeles. Doming, El Paso,
New Orlnai.s and East 6:43p
Fresno, Mendoti, Tracy and Mar-
tinez 6:43p
10:»o A ValK-jii, Martinez and Way Stations ?:43p
•l:«Oi> Sacramento Hirer Steamers "U:OOp
I»:UUMNUes, Tracy. Stockton, Mendota,
Hiuiford, VUali*. Exeter and l'cr-
terWUo 4:13p
l:OOr Nile*. San Jose and Way Stations... II: 13a
San Jose, Nlles and Way Stations... J»:l3a
Li«ermore, Ban Jose, Nlles and Way
Stations 110:13*
, 4loop Martinez. Ran UaiuoK. Vallcj".
Napa, CalistogH, Xl *V'erano and
SatitaUosa wtlßa
4ioop Benloia, VaeaTille, Woodland.
KuiehU Lauding. MarysTille, Oro-
Tiile and .S»orH.ni«iitn ,10:43 a
4i3t»pNile», San Jose and Stockton 7:13 i
B>oop Martinez, Tracy, Memlota, Fresco,
Mojare, Sauta Uarbara and Los
Angelas 7. 8<43 a
8i»«p8a;it» Vn Routs, Atlantic Kxpress
T--v" t- m,,|,,, 8 ,,i v,, t «:4»p
5:OOP Martinez, Lathrop, Stockton.
Merced and Fresno 12:159
TlOioor 11 ., .... c . b.i, ■ cniju .•* El Paso, '
Fort W..rth, U.tle Rock, »t.
Louis. (Jhioago aud East {«:»3p
BiO»i- Itiirupsau Mail. Og.lmi aud Kast.... »:43*
«:OOp wards, Nlles and San Jose 1:4.1 a
•«:OOr V»fleJ<» l«:!8f
t":OOp VaUejo, Port Costa and Way Sta- «t*a
tions :»:43i
*:<»!> i- Oregon K«i>rr«i,Hacr«nieuto, Marys- • ' .*■' •
'Ills, liedillug, Portlanii, l'uget
Soiimlaud Kant 8:13 a
alO:O3p "Sunset Limited." Fresno. Los "'^''i
Angeles, El Paso. New Orleans
and East .... 61:43p
SAN JiKAMIUO AM» lIWWAUDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) -
' Hell-on*. St'minnrjr Park, f. .
8i«Oa KilrhliurK. Klmhurst, ' 6:45 a
<9:00 a . Kan LraiMlru, Snuili San t*o:43>
lO.OOa : l>»ndro. Mtu.llllo, 10:43*
111:00 a Loremn, Cherrf ' ■ 12:43p
»l:»Op ; „„,, ' tl:43p
8:0 Op Hatwarils «3:43p
? - WOr i Runs through to Niles. 7:48p
J t From Nlles. ■ \
COAST HIVIsION (Narrow «mige).
(Foot of Market Street.'
8:15 a Newark. C'en Han Jose, *
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations..... CiSOp
•8: 1 Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almauon, Felton, Boulder ("rwk,
Santa Crux and , Piinclpal Way
Stations *IO:SOa
4il3p Newark, San Jose and liosGatos... 9:20 a
tl 1:45 Hunters' Excursion, San Joss and
Way Stations ■ t?'Bof
CREEK ROUTE > ERR Y.
;romS;S fR»N6ISC0 — root or Hirket Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:15. 9:00 11 :00a.m. 21:93 *2:00 43:00
. ♦1:00 t5:00 *6:oQp.m. .
rremOHUllD— Ftet sf Br«dw»T.— «C:oo 8:00 10:00*. v.
♦12:00 *l:00 12:90 *S:00 14:09 ' •5:00 p.M.
COASt DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third mid Towngend SU.) ■
7:00 a San June and Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) li3op
9:09 a San .lore. Tres l'iiius. Maiittt Cruz, •
PaclUc firore, Pas.) Uol.lts, San
Luis Olilspn, Guadalnpe, Surf and
Principal W«y SUtlnus 4llOp
lOiIO* Sail Jose and Way Stations.. *BiOOa
I 1 : 30 a San Jose and Way Stations ....... 8i 33 A
■»i«4r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa, Clara. »au .loss. '
Oiiroy, Hollister, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, - Monterey aud Pacific
Grove *IO:S84
San Jose and Way Stations »9:OOa
• l:|.lp San Jose aud Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
■ *3tOOpSan Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:33 a
3:30p San Jose an.! Prlncina! Way Stations ~ 3:30p
- fliUOp San Jose and Way' Stations ......... 7:30p
t11:45p San Jose and Way Statluus.. .....:. ?i»op
• A for Morning. .: T^ P for Afternoon. ..
* «uii'lay» ezoepted. I Sundays only. < Saturdays only
■[Mondays and Thursdays. a • u«sdays and Saturdays.
{Saturdays and Wedß«*d*;s. •Tkondaja and Sondaji.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
; ■ LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Forry, Foot of Market St. ,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN. RAFAEI*. .
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:88;
1:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at I:s*
and 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »:SO. 11:00 a, m.: 1:80. S:SS»
6:00, 6:20 p. m. .
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. V
WEEK DAYB-4-.10, 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 13:41.
8:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturday*— trips at
1:55 and 6:85 p. m. •.--..:,;>-,--
SUNDAYS— B:IO, »;40. 11:10 a. m. 1:40. 1:44,
6:00. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and ' Schuetsea Park
same schedule as above. • . . . ■ -. ■
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 16, •
Week Sun- 1898. Sun- Wee* -
Days. days. Destination. da,». Days.
7:80 am 8:00 am . Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
B:3opm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:10 pm 10:23 am
1:10 paa 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton.
1 am . , Windsor, 10:23 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyserville, - ■
1:10 pm 8:00 am • Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:21 pa
- Hopland and
7:Boam 8:00 am' Ukiab. 7:Sspm 6:21 pa
7:3o am / "" 10:25 am
8:00 am GuernevllU. 7:85 pm
8:80 pm 6:22 pa
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma - 10:40 am B:4oam
. '.and ' ■ ■... ■• •..•■
1:10 6:00 Glen Ellen. 6:19 pm 6:22 pa
7-80 am 8:00 am Sebaatopol. 10:40 am, 10:25 am
8:80 pm 5:00 pm 7:3s pm| 6:22 pa
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, r - Kelseyville. Carlsbad ;
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and . Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga.
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, ■ Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,
Jobn Day's, Riverside. Lierley's, Buckneli's,
Eanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Booneville, Orr*«
Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Brags,
Westport, * Usal. Willltts. Laytonvillo.. Cura-
! mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer,
Ecotia and Eureka.
Saturday -to Monday round trip ticket* at
reduced rates. . .:
" On Sundays round trip ticket* to all points
beyond Ban Rafael at half rates. -, r -
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
B. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. . . Gen. Pass. Age at.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
■ • Via Sausalito Ferry. - .:
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
• ' AND BAN' RAFAEL. -
WEEK DAYS— »7:2«. *9:30, 11:00 a. m.; "1:44,
1:46. 6:15..*6:00. 6:30 p. m. . - •
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— •10:00, : »U:3O a. m.; »I:UL
1:00, *4:SO, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked * run to San Quentin. - . ?'.-
FROM SAN RAFAFL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. »6:35. 7:45. »9:30. a. m.j
•12:20. 2:20. »3:45. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. •'- ■.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. •8:00. »10:00. ni:s6 a. m.x
•1:16, «8:10, 4:40, *6:20 p. m.
Trains marked start from San Quentlo.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S.; 6:45. 7:55, 9:40 a. m.;
12:85, 2:46 3:50. 5:20 p. m. . . -.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. ■ ■■- ' .-•, ,
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m.: 12:06, 1:20, 1:K,
i:00, 6:20 p. m. - - -
THROUGH TRAINS. ■"
7:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:45 p. m. Saturday*— Duncan Mills and way. -
stations. ; - • -
1:00 a. m. Sunday*— Mills and way *»'*.
(HiNT TAUALPAIS RAILWAY.
: : (Via Sausallto Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Sept. 11, 1868: »■■.■• ■■■-<- ;
- Week Days— 9:Bo a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. 81. •-
THOS. - COOK .A - SON, ■• Agents. 621 • Market
street. Ban Francisco. • » ■'•* - ■ *•
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABXT ST. Established •
, In 1834 for the treatment of Private;
' UiseHS«s, Lost Manhood. ' Debility or
■ disease wearing on bodyand mind and
| skin Diseases. 'he doctor cures when .
others fall. Try him. « Charges low,
(nii-»Bnar»nl«-fd. Callorwrlta,
IBBONt Box 1937. San Franctocifc
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
DUAL LIFE
OF BRANDES
DISCLOSED
Testimony Showing
Him a Bigamist.
FIRST WIFE ON THE STAND
MRS. M. ARELLANES BRANDES
WAS NEVER DIVORCED.
JRamon Arana Tells of Murderous
Threats Made by the Accused
Against Lillian About
a Year Ago.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 8.
Just one week njxo to-day the hearing
of William A. Brandes, charged with the
murder of his 13-year-old daughter, was
commenced before Justice Fred C. ("lift,
and the end of that period is marked by
another startling disclosure concerning
the dual life of the accused. A climax. in
fact, was reached at to-day's hearing
When Mrs. M. Arellanes Brandos gave
testimony which brands the prisoner a
bigamist.
.Mrs. M. A. Brandes was supposed to be
the first wife of the accused man: she was
the mother of the murdered Lillian. On
the witness stand to-day she made the
startling statement that she was never
divorced from her husband.
In the face of this the accused has here
tofore maintained all along that the
•woman with whom he lived at Berkeley,
who is also charged with murder, is his
wife. He has always introduced her as
such.
When Mrs. M. Arellanes Brandes was
put on the stand to-day she said: "I live
In San Francisco. I have known the ac
cused Bince 1882, when 1 became his wife.
Th.- ceremony was performed by Father
Mcl&enomy in Santa Cruz on March ID
of that year. The witnesses were Mrs.
Gamble, formerly Mrs. Chappel, and
Manuel Sarrairu-ntos. I lived with
Brandes four years and then separated
from him."
"Have you been divorced?" asked Dep
uty District Attorney Allen.
The witness answered -No."
"You are stili bis witY. then?" continued
tin questioner, and the witness answered
"Yes."
Attorney Sawyer, on behalf of the de
fens4 , here moved that the witness' testi
mony be stricken out because he deemed
it Irrelevant, incompetent and immaterial.
Prosecutor Allen, however, objected to
Bucb course, stating that he had discon
tinued the examination as soon as he dis
covered that the witness was still
Brandes wife. Justice Cllft thereupon
admitted, the testimony, but the witness
was not questioned further.
This morning Ramon Arana, a cousin of
the murdered girl, was put on the stand.
He had known Brandes about sixteen
years and had met him at Santa Cruz
about the time of his marriage to his first
wife. He had met him again in June or
July of last year, during the military en
campment at Santa Cruz.
"I had a conversation at that time with
Brand, s concerning his daughter Lillian, '
continued witness. "He said he was go
ing to call upon the girl and see how she
was getting along; that he would leave
her where she was at present, but when
Bhe got older he was going to take her
away and educate her. He would not
nave her do as the rest had done, but
would have her do as he wished. If she
did not he said he would kill her. I do
not kniiw whom he meant by "the rest,'
but I suppose he meant his wife and oth
er members of his famiiy. He did not
Btate to me whom he meant.
"I have known Mrs. M. A. Brandes
since her marriage to W. A. Brandes in
Banta Cruz. Lillian, their daughter, at
tended the same school as my daughter
and they used to play together. Lillian
Was a timid little girl, with a sweet dis
position. She was the very picture of
her father 1 used to think. 1 saw her
last about a year ago when she was re-
Hiding with Mrs. Chappel, an aunt of
Mrs. Brandes."
John E. Streightif. Deputy Coroner at
Berkeley, way also called this afternoon.
3l> . too, proved an important witness. He
testified that hi- was notified by Dr.
Whitwojth on November 19 at about 3
o'clock that Lillian Hrandes had taken
j'Oison ami had hanged herself. At the
house he found the body lying upon the
bed; (here were two apron string
in a knot -hanging from one of the tx l
)»>sis; there was an abrasion on the left
< heck and two smaller ones beneath it.
•'The neck," said the witness, "was also
badly marked. The outer skin on either
side had been broken; the hands were
covered with marks. Brandes told me,"
Bald the witness, "that the marks u.-r.
made by the girl herself in bumping
against the bedpost."
Witness next testified to having discov
ert 'I black and blue marks'upon the body
and the lower limbs, which Brandes had
told him were the result of a whipping
administered by his wife. The w.
next gave a brief account of the post
mortem examination, the fa< ts < or.
ing which were brought out at the In
quest.
The next witness of the day was Robert
J. Wright, a Berkeley baker, who testi
fied that the murdered girl had opened a
door and called to him by name on the
Thursday prior to her death. She wished
to borrow a dollar. She was in her night
gown and appeared badly scared. The
Witness noticed abrasions on her cheeks
und left temple at the time.
At this stage the hearing was continued
until to-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock.
Brandes has taken time by the forelock,
for to-night, at the County Jail, he stated
that h<- was never married to the woman
who is also charged with murder. Aside
from this simple statement he refused to
talk. It will be remembered, perhaps,
that during the past few years he has
introduced Etta Brandes as his wife, and
when Deputy Sheriff White arrested him
at his home in Berkeley he expressed the
greatest anxiety and fear lest his "poor
vjt'e would commit suicide."
"When the reporter was ushered into
the women's corridor at the County Jail
to-night Mrs, Etta Brandes. who had been
seated around a table with other female
prisoners reading papers, ran into her
cell, pulled the door shut and wished to
have it understood that she had retired.
She was finally induced to step out. but
declined to ansWH r any <piestlons bearing
or her relations with Brandes.
"1 refuse to say one word." said the
prisoner, "because nearly every time my
attorneys have called on me they have
found me talking to reporters. I have
*,*• '-. Limed too much, and my attor
neys have instructed me not to say any
thing more. "What's the use of having
Counsel when you don't follow their in
structions?"
She absolutely refused to say even
whether she and Brandes were ever mar
ried or not. It is now intimated that the
prosecution will put her on the stand.
Should it then be proved that a ceremony
whs performed, her testimony would be
barred and Brandes' status as a bigamist
will be established. Should it develop
that she is not Brandes' wife, her testi
mony may be of more importance at this
stage of the proceedings than it was ever
expected it could be.
No Clew to Hammer.
ALAMEIjA. JJ(-c. ,s. — The disappearance
of Louis Rammer is still involved in mys
tery. The impression that the man did
not commit suicide is gaining ground. The
Bpot where he is supposed to have jumped
from Bay Farm Island into the bay is
surrounded by shoals, and it would have
been almost impossible for the body to
have floated into the bay. At low tide the
place is a vast expanse of mud flats.
Boatmen made a thorough searth to-day
of the shores and sloughs of Bay Farm
Island, but discovered nothing. The chan
nel leading into San Leandro Bay was
also dragged, but Kammer's remains were
not found.
MRS, YATES
NOT ANXIOUS
FOR DIVORCE
Her Suit Develops a
Sensation.
SECRETS TOLD TO FRIENDS
WAS INDUCED TO BELIEVE SHE
SHOULD BE FREE.
Has Sent a TelegTam From Montreal
Promising to Explain All to
the Oakland Psychic
Society.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec 8.
To-days developments in the divorce
proceedings of Madame Montague, the
psychic lecturer, otherwise Mrs. Yates,
. are of a very sensational nature. Mrs.
j Yates, it now appears, was induced by
; strong influences to revive the proceed
: ings in the court and to give her testi
mony, although she confided to all her
friends the fact that she did not wish adi
j vorce, and that not long ago her husband
[ wrote to her from Canada and paved the
way for a reconciliation. Alas, some ot
! the letters written by Mme. Montague
have been intercepted and the informa
1 tion they contain has been made known
- to the members of the Oakland Psychic
( Society for whom it was not intended.
Yesterday a telegram was received by
I the society from Mrs. Montague Yates
; stating that a letter would follow setting
; forth all the details of this interesting
' case. The testimony given by Mrs. Yates
two days before her departure has not
yet been handed to the court, and it is
understood that the plaintiff has ordered
all the proceedings to be dropped.
The strange part of the case is that
Mrs. Yates told her most intimate friends
: that she was opposed to being legally
'■ separated from her husband. Some
months ago Mrs. Yates received informa
tion that Captain Montague Yates was
endeavoring to secure an appointment
that would enable him to provide for his
wife* This information was conveyed by
Mme. Montague Yates to some friends
both by letter and telegraph, but neither
reached their destination, and a little
later the information was known to all
1 the societies. Mme. Montague is posl
; tive that the letters were intercepted,
and that she has been subjected to es
pionage for several months. On one occa
i sion she rebuked a prominent member of
the society for watching hor movements.
He admitted that he had been spying up
on her.
I After it became known that Mme. lion
1 tague was likely to be reconciled to her
< husband, from whom she had been lieving
apart for a couple of years, extraordinary
• pressure was brought to bear on her by
! prominent members of the society. It was
1 represented to her that she was inspired;
: that her position was far superior to that
(if any other spiritualistic lecturer in the
: country, and that it was not advisable for
. her to be hampered with a husband with
j whose thoughts she was not in commu
; nion and who did nothing to support her.
! Finally Mme. Montague's health was so
j broken down that she was ordered to a
| complete change of scenery, and she de
| cided to go and be near her husband.
This decision on her part was confided
only to a couple of intimate friends, and,
in the mean time Mrs. Montague agreed
i to give her testimony in the divorce case.
I She was assured that the whole matter
! would be conducted with secrecy and
' that there would be nothing on record to
: show what she was doing. The madame's
; acquaintance on both sides of the bay is
| so large, however, that secrecy was im
possible, and her romantic life from the
time of her first marriage became a mat
ter of general interest.
Mme. Montague said very recently that
the mistakes of her husband had been
those of the head and not of the heart,
! and that she was quite willing to give
I him another chance. The idea of ever ap
pearing in public as a divorcee was very
repugnant to her, and after giving her
! testimony she expressed regret that she
I had done so, and told her friends that she
I would wire instructions at once to have
: the suit quashed.
Mme. Montague is now in Montreal.
: Her husband is also said to be in Mon
treal, and although there is no positive
knowledge among members of the so
i ciety, It is generally believed that they
have arrived at some understanding.
Judge Harvey Brown is a prominent
member of the Psychic Society, and at
•'.. .!• ••..!■(■•■ proceedings he testified t.iat
Mme. Montague was one of the noblest of
women and of irreproachable character.
THE LAST BITES.
Obsequies of Charles D. Kennedy to
Be Held To-Day.
OAKLAND, Dec. B.— The funeral of the
late Charles D. Kennedy, superintendent
j of "the Judson Powder Works, who was
i killed last Monday, will be held to-mor
row morning at St. Francis de Sales
Church. Rev. Father MeSweeny will eel-
I ebfate the requiem mass.
The pallbearers will be Dr. D. D. Crow
ley, F. H. Plttman. A. yon dor Ropp, F.
M. Hathaway, A. P. Brayton, Dr. H. E.
Miller, Edward Hogan and G. R. Lukens.
president of the company. Employes of
the powder works will bear the casket.
After the services the body will be for
warded to New Bedford, Mass., for
burial.
M. A. Kennedy, a brother of the de
ceased, Just escaped meeflpg .he fate of
the superintendent. He had accepted the
offer of foreman of the gelatine house,
and was to have assumed his duties on
the morning after the explosion. He is
a chemist, and after a few days' tuition
with hi? brother, the superintendent, M.
A. Kennedy would have been in charge
of the fated house. He has now aban
doned all idea of accepting the position.
The inquest on the remains of the vic
tims was held at San Pablo to-day.
BLACK-BORDERED LETTER
WRECKED HIS MIND
OAKLAND, Dec. B.— News of the death of his brother in Chicago, con
veyed in a black-bordered envelope, has wrecked the mind of John
Keefe, and he now labors under the hallucination that he, too, is
dead. This afternoon Superior Judge Ogden committed the man to the
Ukiah Insane Asylum.
Keefe Is a stevedore, and resided at a boarding-house on Howard street,
San Francisco. He left there yesterday afternoon, and at 9 o'clock in the
rvening engaged a room in the Girard House, this city. During the night
he became violent, and Officer Curtis was summoned. A lively tussle in
the hallway ensued, and Keefe managed to pour out upon the officer ten
gallons of milk contained in two five-gallon cans that stood in the hall,
thereby ruining the officer's uniform. When Officer Curtis first ap
proached the man the latter was pouring water upon himself, declaring
that thereby he might learn whether or not he was dead. Keefe was im
mediately taken to the Receiving Hospital, where the Commissioners of
Lunacy examined him. ,
"The black letter upset Mr. Keefe's mind," said Mrs. McManus, who
came across the bay this afternoon to see the lunatic. "You see, his
brother had not been very well, and was on his way out here for his
health, and when John received the black letter announcing the death
recently, he began acting queerly. First he tried hard not to believe the
sad news. Yesterday he gave up, and said: 'Well, it's all over; brother's
dead, and it's all up with John, too.' Then he started in destroying his
belongings, saying he would never have further use for them, 'because,'
he would say, 'I am dead. What's the use? John is gone. I knew death
was after me, and I have danced to keep it away until I had to give it i
up. Yes. John is dead,' meaning himself, of course. The next thing T knew
he was out of the house and off, and to-day I heard of his being arrested i
over here." ,
THE SAN THAIS CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1898.
COCKERS AND
COLLIES ON
EXHIBITION
First Specialty Show
in Oakland.
THE JUDGING OF COCKERS
COLLIES WILL BE PUT TO THE
SCORE-CARD TEST.
Results of the Judging in the Poul
try Department — An Unusual
Number of Good
Entries.
OAKLAND, Dec. B.— The first spe
cialty show ever held in California
opened in Oakland to day and was
unqualifiedly a howling success in
every respect. Thanks to Secretary
Stewart's timely recovery from an attack
of ague, the show was at the last moment
responsive to the touch of a master hand.
Able assistance was rendered in the ring
by Messrs. Harker and Berret. The show
is benched by Spratfs patent, and the
dogs fed by the same firm, which attends
also to the disinfection. It goes without
saying that the building Is devoid of ill
odors and that the kennels are clean and
sweet smelling. Thomas Banks repre
sents the firm with his usual efficiency,
and is prodigal both with the food and
disinfectants.
To bench show veterans the greatest
surprise lay in the judging. Mr. Tyler of
Pasadena has surpassed the fondest hopes
of those who expected the most from
him. He has long enjoyed the renown
of being the most capable poultry judge
of the coast, but his discriminating fac
ulties in canines were a revelation. In
the cocker class, with twenty-two entries,
there was not one that could be fairly
criticized. Trilby, Mr. Carlton's cocker
bitch, was defeated in the winners' class
by Tootsie W, an Inferior dog, but the
judgment was a fair one, as Trilby was
show far too fat to be properly benched.
To-morrow will see the great test ap
plied to Judge Tyler's power of discrim
ination, when for the first time in the
history of the Pacific Coast the score card
will be used to place the all-aged collies
in their order of merit. This is an inno
vation well worth witnessing, as many
forebodings have been expressed by ex
perts as to its practicability. The show is
noteworthy as being the first held under
the Pacific Kennel League's classification.
The results of the judging are appended:
Cocker spaniels (other than black): Puppy
bitches— First, Mrs. T. J. Blights Baby Ora
Novice bitches— First. Redwood Kennel's La
Paloma. Open, bitches— First, Redwood Ken
nel's La I'aloma; second, George H. Smiths
I-lussie S. Winners, dogs-First, Redwood
Kennel s Colorado; second, Thornhlll Kennel's
Knight of Ixia Angeles. Winners, bitches-
First, Redwood Kennel's Tootsie W; second H
H. Carlton's Oakside Trilby (formerly Ban-
Cocker spaniels (black, not over 28 pounds)-
Puppy dogs-First, Redwood Kennel's Redwood
Bob; second, Redwood Kennel's Redwood For
est. Puppy bitches— First. Plumeria Kennel's
Omo Girl; second. Redwood Kennel's Redwood
Betsy. Novice bitches— First. Miss E. War
ner s Pocho; second, Thornhill Kennel's Wood
mere liney. Open dogs— First, Redwood Ken
nel s Lufferin Pastime; second. Mrs. Webster
Jones' Pedro.
Open, bitches — First. Thornhlll Kennel's
v\oodmere Rupee: second. Redwood Kennel's
Peg Wofflngton; third, Piumeria Kennel's Omo
Girl.
Champion dogs— First. Redwood Kennel's
Champion Havoc: second. Plumeria Kennel's
Champion Viscount; third, Mrs. W C Ral
ston' s Champion Woodland Duke
Champion bitches— First, Redwood Kennel's
Champion Polly Pastime.
Collies (tricolor, black and tan, black and
white): Puppy dogs and bitches— First W B
Frue's bitch Princess Ziska: second. Stewart &
Bon'a dog Ormskirk Yarrow; third. Stewart &
Son's bitch Ormskirk Witch. Juvenile bitches
—First, J. C. Berret a Wellsbourne Happy Me
dium; second, Stewart & Sons Lass o' Gowrie
third, Charles R. Harker's Wellsbourne Bonita
reserve. Stewart & Son's Crookit Bawbee- V.
H. C\, Dr. H. C. Brown's Happy Afterthought;
V, H. C., Stewart & Sons Ettrick Maid.
Puppy dogs—First. O. J. Albee's Ormskirk
Emerald Jr.; second, W. B. Frue's Count
SerpiUfi; third, Bf-aoh Hill Kennels' Don Jose
reserve, Fred Baltzer's Sampson Ormonde- V
H. C. C. H. Chabofs Donald VI. Puppy
bitches— First, O. J. Albee's Ormskirk Prim-ess
second, O. J. Albee's Ormskirk Queenie; third'
Beach Hill Kennels' Phronslta; V. H. C w'
B. Frue's Princess Ozra; V. H. C, T T
Greaves' Highland Lass.
In the poultry show the following
awards were made to-night:
Barred Plymouth Rocks: Cockerels— First
prize, L. N. Cobbledick; second, W. H Arps 1
third, Charles H. Vodden; fourth, Osgood &
Son: fifth, Chico Poultry Yards. Pens— Fir*-t
Cobbledick: second, Arps; third, Cobbledick!
Pullets— First, third and fourth, Cobbledick
second, Arps; fifth, O. J. Albee. Hens— First,
Fecund, third and fifth, Arps; fourth, Chlco
Poultry Yards. Cocks— First, Albee; second
Arps; third. K. Van Every; fourth and fifth'
Cobbledick.
Partridge Cochins: Hens— First, second, third
and fourth. H. O. Byerley. Cocks — Same
Byerley. Pens— First, Byerley. Cockerel— First!
second, third, fourth and fifth, Byerley. Pul
lets — First, second, third and fourth, Byerley
White-Crested Black Polish: rocks— First
and second, D. A. Robertson; third, BritCKS
Poultry Yards. Hens— First, second and third,
Robertson: fourth, BriKgs Poultry Yards.
Buff Cochins: <"ockerels— First, E. Van
Every; second, Briggs Poultry Yards. Pullets
—First and second. Van Every; third, Briggg
Poultry Yards.
White Plymouth Rocks: Cocks — First, H.
White; second, C. G. Hinds. Hens and pullets
—First, H. White. Cockerel— First, Hinds.
Buff Plymouth Rocks: Cocks— Third. Dr. T.
B. Key. Cockerel— First, second and third, 1.,.
K. Bralnard. Hens— First and third, Bralnard.
Pens— First, Brainard. Pullets— First and sec
ond, Bralnard; third. Dr. Key.
Buff Wyandottes: Cocks— Second. Dr. Key
third. Brigirs Poultry Yards. Pullets— Second
r>r. Key; third, Lloyd Cobbledlck. Hens-
First. Brings Poultry Yards.
Silver-Laced Wyandottes: Cockerel— First
and second, C. F. Emery; third, O. J. Albee
Hens— First, second and fourth, Albee: third
and fifth. Emery. Pullets— First, second, third
and fourth, Albee. Cocks — Second, Albee.
Pekintr Ducks: Drake and duck— First.
James Hague.
Pigeons— First, Parlor Tumblers, Oakland
MORE HONORS FOR
HAROLD S. SYMMES
BERKELEY, Dec. B.— The elec
tion held to-day for editor-in-chief
of the Daily Callfornian resulted In
the choice of Harold S. Symmes.
The Californian is the daily paper
published at the University of Cal
ifornia. Its new editor, a member
of the senior class, has been closely
identified with college journalism
while In the university, so that he
succeeds to the responsibility of
voicing student sentiment and opin
ion after three years' connection
wtth his paper. Besides this latest
honor, Symmes is also editor-in
chief of the University of Califor
nia Magazine and president of the
University Sketch Club and the
University Dramatic Club.
■White Loft; first prize, Crested Tumblers, J.
D. Taylor; Black Tumblers. F. M. Rttter;
Black "Rollers. Clay Emlgh; Red rollers, A. H.
Audlfred; Black Florentine, Dr. T. Carpenter;
White Fantails, J. D. Taylor; Yellow Jacobins,
J. D. Taylor: White Jacobins, J. D. Taylor:
first black owls, Oakland White Loft; first and
second blue Chinese owls, Oakland White Loft; !
first, second and third white owls, B. T. Me- j
Bains; first blue EnKllsh owls, Oakland White
Txift: iecond blue English owls, B. T. Mo-
Hams: first silver owls. Oakland White Loft;
second silver owls, B. T. Mcßains; third silver
owls, B. T. Mcßains; first and second silver
Chinese owls, Oakland Whit* Loft; first blue
checkered owls. B. T. Mcßains: first yellow
wing turblt, Oakland White Loft; first blue
and first and second red wing turblt, fi-st
strawberry and first and second black wins I
turblt, C. J. Siegfried: first white turbit. J. D
Taylor; first white barbs, Oakland White Loft; j
first best distance record homer and first short
distance record homer, J. Mole; first cage of
blue homers, E. D. Connelly; first blue honvr.
H. G. Hennebright; second blue homer. True
Boardman; first blue-checkered homer. Board- I
man; second blue-checkered homers, H. G. |
Hennetorisht : first black-checkered homer. Dr.
C. M. Solfridce; first dun-checkered homer. H.
G. Hennebright; first black-checkered hor.:er.
Dr. T. Carpenter: first red-checkered homer.
True Boardman; first yellow-checkered homer,
A. L. SchafTer; second yellow-checkered homer.
John D. Taylor; first silver-checkered homer.
True Boardman; first short face Antwerp*,
John D. Taylor.
FACTIONS ARE AT
WORK IN POLITICS
EVIDENT THAT PARTY LINES
WILL NOT PREVAIL.
The Last Experiment With Ap
pointed Delegates Was Not
an Example Worth Fol
lowing.
Oakland Office San Francisco Cail,
908 Broadway, Dec. 8.
The Seventh Ward Republican Club has
taken the initiative in the matter of call
ing a municipal convention to name a
city ticket. At last night's meeting the
club passed the following resolution:
Whereas, there is no law in .this State gov
erning primary elections, thus rendering It
practically impossible to prevent persons from
voting mere than once, or to prevent persons
of other political affiliations from voting at
our Republican primaries, and in this manner
defeating the will of a majority of our Re
publican voters: it is therefore
RMOlved, That the Seventh Ward Republican
Club hereby d*>cl?res itself in favor of the
iippcintmer.t of delegates n the Republican
city ennventinn. and that the Republican Cen
tral Commlttwman from the Seventh Ward.
llcin George R. Williams, be requested to use
his best efforts to secure the selection of dele
gate? to said fity convention in the manner
heretnabove indicated.
It is now evident that there will be a
hot campaign. The Municipal League is
at work, many of the leading Republicans
favor the holding of primaries, and now
the strong Seventh Ward Club has come
out in favor of an appointed relegation.
There is not. however, unanimity in the
Seventh Ward over this matter, for J. AY .
Eyans ox-president of the School Board,
refers to the present city administration
as an example of the result of an ap
pointed convention, and declares it to be,
if anything, inferior to the city govern
ments nominated at conventions called by
primaries.
Mr Evans believes there should be a
Republican primary. He says that there
have been honest primaries in the past,
and there is no reason why th^ should
not be honest primaries In the future.
From the present outlook it can now
be safely predicted that the city cam
paign will be a scramble for office along
lines based on personal ambition and lo
ral "influences, rather than on party
lines.
ALAMEDA'S MURDERESS.
Mrs. Mentel Will Be Defended by W.
"W. Foote.
OAKLAND, Dec. 8.-Mrs. Anna Mentel
has engaged Attorney W. W. Foote to
make her defense. Mr. Foote called on
his fair client to-day at the County Jail
and announced that he would represent
the prisoner in the criminal proceedings.
The arraignment and preliminary exam
ination have been set for next Monday
afternoon before Justice- Morris of Ala
meda Owing to Mrs. Mentel's condition
it has been decided to have the arraign
ment and examination at the same time
to prevent unnecessary trips between the
County Jail and the Alameda court
Mrs. Mentel expresses no desire to dis
cuss the relations that existed between
her and her late husband. She still re
mains in bed. although she has greatly
improved since being taken to the nail, and
there is now no danger of anything seri
ous resulting from the bullet wound on
her head.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Dec. 8. -Alice street bridge
was to-day turned over to the proper au
thorities and is being used for traffic be
tween Oakland and Alameda during the
construction of the proposed new Web
ster street bridge. Cotton Bros., who have
the construction contract, expect that
traffic on the new bridge will be inaugu
rated about eight months hence
The Keramic section of the Ebell Soci
ety was entertained at the residence of
Dr and Mrs. George C. Pardee this after-
Ynez Penlta de Galindo to-day applied
for letters testamentary on the estate of
her late husband, Francisco Galindo. John
C. Galindo. the executor, died recently,
and since the affairs of the estate have
not been wound up— there being a mort
gage held by a local bank for $70,000 on
some of the property— the widow now rte-
Blres to be made executrix.
The following officers of Oaa&ESa Parlor,
N. S. G. WM elected for the ensuing year,
were installed last evening: Past presi
dent, W. H. H. Gentry; president, H. D.
Cushing; first vice president, E. G. Wil
liams; second vico president. Percy Hay
selden; third vice president, H. G. Wil
liams; financial secretary, E. P. Cook; re
cording secretary, L. P. Burnham; mar
shal, H. E. Elfen; trustee. J. H. Hender
son; surgeons— J. F. Kitchings, R. O
Baldwin, j. P. Dunn, J. L. Mayon.
The prizes to be given societies for sell
ing the largest number of tickets for any
day during the State Exposition held re
cently in this city were awarded by the
committee to-day as follows: Grand
Army of the • Republic , first prize, J100;
A. O. IT. W., second prize, $75; Germans
having in charge German day. third prize,
$50; Irish day, fourth prize, $25.
Football vs. Track Team.
BERKELEY, Dec. B.— The football team
of the University of California will meet
the members of the track team upon the
diamond to-morrow morning. The game
will be played upon the university campus
at 11:15 o'clock. Both teams will appear
in their usual costumes, the former in
football suits and the track men in run
ning clothes.
■ m ■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
George and Catherine Schmitt to Edward
Fey, lot on S line of Turk street, 137:6 W of
Laguna, W 25:3 by S 137:6; $10.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to Fred
F. Foster, lot on N line of Sutter street. 24 E
of Baker, E 23:6 by N 87:6; $2000.
Savage Estate Company to Daniel Einstein,
lot on SW corner of Oak and L.yon streets, S
30 by W 95; also lot on S line of Oak street,
95 W of Lyon, W 25 by S 105; js5(K).
Walter Hutchinson (by R. B. Snow-grass and
R. McColgan, trustees) to F. L. Kredo, 1784 d
172, lot on S line of McAllister street, 152 E of
Forst avenue, E 25 by S 137:6, trustees' deed;
1250.
William and Kate Ensbury (by same) to
snme, 1753 d 165, lot on E line of Second avenue,
125 S of Point Lobos avenue, S 25 by E 120,
trustees' deed; $450.
Herman W. and Rosa Newbauer to Courtland
S. Benedict, lot on N line of Geary street,
137:6 E of Mason, E 25 by N 137:6; $20,000.
Margaret Dykeman to Catherine M. Dyke
man, lot on E line of Taylor street, 92 N of
Sacramento, N 23 Dy E 80; gift.
H. O. Raynor to Catherine F. Patterson, lot
on NW line of Folsom street, 225 NE of Sec
ond, NE 25 by NW SO; also lot on NW corner of
Woolsey and Princeton streets, W 120 by N 200,
lots 3 and 4. block 79, University Homestead
Association; $5.
Ann Bolger to Lizzie "Winckelmann (wife of
H. W.), lot on NW line of Clementina street,
255 NE of Sixth. NE 20 by NW 70; gift.
Phebe A. Hearst to Real Estate and Develop
ment Company, Porero Nuevo blocks 104, 126,
: 12S. 140, 141, 162, 176, 207, 232, 234, 235, 242 to 244
! quitclaim deed; $10.
Karl Tngve to H. and Harna Nielsen, lot on
E line of Tenth avenue, 275 N of California
street, N 26 by E 120; $10.
Henry B. Sheldon to Joseph Wells. Outside
Lands 'block 824, bounded N by L street. S by
M street, E by Forty-first avenue and W by
j Forty-second avenue, quitclaim deed; $60.
| Joseph and Mary A. Wells to William Me
' Call, lot on SW corner of Forty-first avenue
' and L street, W 240 by S 600; $10.
i John G. and B. Klumpke to Lorenzo de Santi,
lot 26. block 335. ON. & 11. Tract; $25.
Margaret Butler to Joseph J. Butler, lot 94,
block 33, Falrmount Land Association; also
lot 1, block 52, Railroad Avenue Homestead As
sociation; $10.
R. C. and Caroline R. de Boom to Ellen
Barry, lot on E line of Culver street, 300 N of
Bosworth. NE 25, W 69:10, SW to St. Mary's
avenue, 10:6. thence SW along St. Marys 29:2,
W R7:6, lot 13, block 2, De Boom Tract; $300.
Margaret O'Brien (wife) to Cornelius O'Brien,
lot on E line of San Jose avenue, 54:6% N of
Kingston street, NE 50, E 81:6, SW 52, W
77:8<«, lots 18 and 13, John Kingston's Map No.
2, P. V. lands; gift. '
Same to same, lot on W line of Mission street,
122 S of Thirtieth, S 27. W 92:1. N 25:4%, E 95:9,
I Kingston Map No. 2 of P. V. lots 398 to 401;
gift.
Alameda County.
George Woods to H. P. and Axa Palmgren,
lot 16, block 122. Corrected Map Raymond
Tract. Berkeley; $550.
George Connon to Benjamin Turner, lots 13
and 14, block D, property Berkeley Homestead
Association, Eerkeley: $10.
J. C. and Mary E. McMullen to John Conant,
lot 4. block A. Waverly place, Berkeley; $10.
William Joerndt to C. A. Stlce, lot on S
line of Folsom street, IS6:IH E of Curtis. W
I 50. 9 100, E 100, to beginning, block 10, Curtis
Tract, Berkeley; $KW>.
C A. Stlce to Josephine Joerndt, same,
Berkeley; $10.
Sallush-and Regina Scheyer to Edgar and S.
Wing, lot on S line of Sixteenth street, 78 W
of Cypress W 27 by S 104:9, block 582 A. Bagge
Tract, Oakland; $1000.
J. J. Barry to Joseph E. Barry, lot on NE
line of East Twenty-fourth street, 150 SE of
Thirteenth avenue. SE 130:6 by NE 150, portion
block 151. Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
Henry D. Clark to Elizabeth Clark, lot on NE
corner of Eleventh and Powell streets. N 100
by E 70, being portion Beaudry and Peladeau
pro(>erty, Oakland Annex; gift.
Francisco S. Davola to M da Jesus Cunha,
lots 93 and 100, Hemme Tract, San Leandro,
Eden Township: $300.
William J. Laymance to C. Q. Clsherdos, lot
I 6. block A, HemphiH Tract, Brooklyn Town-
I ship; $10.
Mary E. Schieffelln to John H. Hiester. the
I S 16:8 feet lot D, block 50, and N 16:S feet lot
O, block 16, Alameda Park Homestead, Ala
meda; $3425.
John H. Hiester to Mary O. Hiester, same,
Alameda: gift.
E. C. L. Lawlnr to Margaret V. Lawlor, all
interest in gasoline schooner Hattie L, and
other personal property; gift.
Elizabeth H. Watson to Frank M. Wilson,
lot on N line of Delaware street. 130 E of
Magee N 135:4H by E fin. Berkeley; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. Hannah Llebes (owner) with John Fur
ness (contractor), architect M. J. Lyon— Ex
cavating, grading, brick, cement, atone, con
crete carpenter and mill work, tinning and
galvanized iron, lathing and plastering, marble
work and tiling, glass, fixtures, mantels, elec
trical work, hardware, for a 2-story, attic and
basement frame building on N line of Broad
way 127:6 W of Flllmore, N 137:6 by W 37:6;
$9500.
Same with W. F. Wilson (contractor), archi
tect same— Sewers, plumbing, fixtures, rough
plumbing and gas piping, marble basins and
backs and water pipes for same on N line of
Broadway, 127:6 W of Fillmore, N 137:6, W 37:6.
Frank Mecchl (owner) with P. Demartinl
and L. Traverso (contractors), architect W. H.
Lillie— All work except plumbing, painting and
all foundations and sidewalks, owner to furnish
and set mantels, gas fixtures and shades for
a 3-story frame building containing flats and
stores on NW corner of Filbert and Fillmore
streets, W 100 by N 24: $33 iQ.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner ot Market «and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street: open until 0:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street: until 9:30 o'clock.
616 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market Etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 0 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'closk.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 O'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
utreets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. a.
T., Masonic Temple, Post and Mont- V M("
gomery sts.— Regular assembly THIS IJ\J
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. $j#
All fraters are cordially invited.
SIR. JOHN P. FRASER, Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
MEET and buy that $30 diamond ring of UN-
ii.i-: HARRIS, l' Grant nve.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTlCE— Abandoned children in the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since July, 1897:
Margaret Sullivan, age 7 years; Delia Lang,
8 years: Maud Lovett, 7 years; Maclovla Pa-
dllla, 6 years: Lillian Doherty, 9 years; Anna
Hayden, 11 years. Respectfully,
SISTERS OF CHARITY.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; "ollectlons made:*
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms ?-10; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
paint!nc done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 3JI 3d Bt.
SITUATIONS WAMED-FEMALB.
WOMAN with a child desires situation at
hounework; good cook; $10; references. MISS
CL'LLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT German girl wishes situation at house-
work or as nurse. $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
St'PERIOR cook desires situation In hotel or
institution; understands all branches of cook-
ing; best of references. MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS English cook aeslren situation;
ci.untry; 3 years last place. MISS CULLEN
320 Sutter st. ,
A NO. 1 German cook, best of references, de-
sires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.
31« Sutter at.
RESPECTABLE American woman wants work
by the day; fine laundress; good worker; 75c
and car fare; other work, $1 and car fare.
270 Jessie st., near Fourth, room 1, down-
stairs; first floor.
A I.ADY wishes a position by the day in fam-
lies for cleaning, repairing anil pressing of all
kinds of garments, f or ladies or gentlemen
B. x 640, Call office.
WANTED— By man and wife, to work in camp-
woman to cook and man willing to work at
anything: can give references. Addres6 box
906, Call office, Oakland.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to do
gin oral housework: many years' references
Please call in person at 2659 Mission, near 23d!
MIDDLE-AGED lady with daughter desires
position as housekeeper: good home more ob-
ject than wages. Box 359. Call.
GERMAN woman wants situation for general
housework anil plain cooking; yood refer-
ences; city. 137 Third St.
COMPETENT cook wishes situation in private
family; would do general housework In smali
family. 227 Hayes st.
COMPETENT German woman wishes work by
the day. 114 Fourth St.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a situation
In a private family. 1073V4 Market St.
ELDERLY lady wants housework at JlO or {8
per month; city or country. Call 270 Jessie.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
EXPERIENCED cream dipper desires situa-
tion. 5 Bond at., near Mission.
PLACE wanted to take care of sick person.
445 First St.
GERMAN girl wants situation for general
housework; city or country. 759 Mission st.
A NICE present; that 14-karat gold $12 watch,
at UNCLE HARRIS 1 , 15 Grant aye.
DRESSMAKER wishes engagements by the
day; terms reasonable. Address Dressmaker,
117 Jones st.
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do cooking
and housework. Box 370, Call.
BOOKKEEPER or cashier— Young lady desires
situation; has 2 years' experience; salary $25
per month; references. Box 365, Call office.
YOUNG German woman wishes to do house-
cleaning Friday or Saturday. Inquire 113*
Folsom st.
SITUATION as working housekeeper wanted
by a middle-aged American .woman; city ref-
erences; good wages. Box 273, Call.
COMPETENT waitress wis>..es a situation In a
private family. Address 2747 Lombard st.
SITUATIONS \\ A \Ti:i)- M \ i.»c.
PRESENT your brother that American silver
watch; $6, at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant ay.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414* O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
WANTED— By man and wife, to run a board-
ing house in mining camp, mill or factory;
woman is a good cook and understands her
business; is neat and clean; man willing to
work at anything; is handy with tools; can
run an engine; is a good fireman or watch-
man; can give best of references. Address
box 512, Call office, Oakland, Cal.
YOUNG man desires a place in an American
family; wpges no object; Is more desirous of
learning English; can drive and work In a
garden; references. Address P. L., 408 Bush.
ALL-AROUND handy man attending school
wishes position of any kind, morning and
evening, in exchange for room, board, etc
Box 356, Call office.
WANTED— Situation by an experienced en-
gineer; 1b handy with carpenter and machin-
ist tools; best of references. Address box
371, Call.
RELIABLE young married man desires posi-
tion as bookkeeper or assistant; 10 years' ex-
perience; single or double entry. Box 355, Call.
PLUMBER, flrst-clasß, will work by the day
or month for property owner or estate; has
all necessary shop tools. Box 364, CalJ.
YOUNG man desires position as driver for de-
livery wagon; best of references. Call or ad-
dress E. G., 802 Larkin st.
MIDDLE-AGED man with best of reference,
handy with tools, wants light work; good
home more of an object than wages. Ad-
dress H. WARREN, 10 Anthony St.
CARPENTER and cabinetmaker, rirsi-clasg
mechanic, wants a situation. Call or ad-
dress 120 Valley st.
YOUNG man. speaking English and Spanish,
wishes position in office or commission
house; good penman; good references. Ad-
dress box 431, Call.
CAPABLE, industrious man wishes position
as superintendent of ranch; highest refer-
ences; large experience. Box 491, Call.
A PLACE as assistant bartender, porter or be-
hind lunch counter; steady, sober and reli-
able man; saloon references. Box 425, Call.
PRIVATE secretary desires position with capi-
talist or attorney; 14 years' legal experience;
stenographpr; exceptional references. Ad-
dress box d 22. Call office.
BUTCHER; first-class cutter. Call or address
J. H.. 2531 Sixteenth St.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night: $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED-FENALE.
GERMAN second girl and seamstress, $25.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
WOMAN with a child; $15. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl; $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 But-
ter st.
CHAMBKRMAID; hotel: country-; $20; fare
paid. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
MRS. NUTTER, please call at MISS CUL-
LEN' S, 325 Sutter St.
COOK: boarding-house; $30 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
COLORED second girl; $20 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter «t.
TWO waitresses; $20 and $15 per month. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN girl, chamber work, private family.
$20; German governess, $25. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
NEAT girl: light work; $15. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter St.
TWO second girls, $20 and $25: nur3e, $25, one
child. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
RESTAURANT waitress; $6 per week. MISS
CULLEN, C 25 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK woman. Benlcia. $20, fare paid;
Oakdale, $25: Santa Barbara. $20: Fresno, $20.
no wash. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 SECOND girls and sewing. $20 and $25: 6
cooks In American and German families, $2.';
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter st.
GERMAN maid and sewing, $20; laundress and
chambermaid, private family, '25; infant's
nurse, $25. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
3 RESTAURANT waitresses, $5 and $6 week:
girls for housework, San Rafael. $20 and $25;
Freono, $20; Bakersfield, $20; KennPtt, $15;
Martinez, $15 and $20; colored second girl,
$20: and a great many girls to fill situations
in city. J. F. CROSETT <fe CO., 316 Sutter st.
8 WAITRESSES, city and country. $20; 3 cham-
bermaids to wait. MS; waitress, city, $20 and
sleep home; American working housekeeper,
city, $20; Irish woman, about 30, to keop
house in widower's family, short way in coun-
try. $20; house _rirl. Belvedere. $20: house girl,
San Rafael. $20; and many girls for city and
country, $15 to $25: house srirl. Woodland.
Jl7 50, fare paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
GERMAN woman, chamberwork and plain
cooking, near city, $20; woman to cook on
ranch. $20: girls for housework, country
places. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED — Cooks, chambermaids, nurse girls
and girls for housework. MRS. HIRD. 631
Larkln st. ,
GIRL wanted to take care of baby: sleep home.
Room 44, 703 Geary st. ; call after '.t a. m.
AY A N'TED— Young lady for office work. Call
bet 11 and 12 a. m., S. N. WOOD & CO., 718
Market st.
GERMAN girl to do light housework; sleep at
home. 203 Sixth st.
WANTED— GirI at 339 Sixth St., flat: wages
$8.
WOMAN wanted for general housework. Ap-
ply 162 South Park.
WANTED— GirI to wait table; small restau-
rant; sleep home: $15. 34 Kearny, r. 10 & 11.
GIRL who understands good cooking; wages
$20. 425 Devlsauero st.
YOUNG girl fcr cooking: $20 to $25. Call at
1601 Scott St., between 10 and 3.
NEAT German girl for children and light up-
stairs work. 821 Grove st., near Fillmore.
YOUNG girl or middle-aged woman for light
housework; small family. 716 Franklin st.
ALL kinds of sewing taught at Keister Ladies'
Tailoring College, 426 Geary st.
WANTED— Two . sewers and folders at the
bindery of the Oakland Tribune; experienced
help only ■ need apply. Oakland Tribune.
Eighth St., between Broadway and Franklin.
SKIRTMAKERS.' Apply to C. GREENBERG
& CO., 523 Market St., room 8.
PRINTING and advertising solicitor. R. R.
PATTERSON. ' 429 Montgomery st. ' .
AMERICAN girl to assist with children; $10
per month. F. G., box 363, Call office.'/
WANTED— Young girl; call early. Apply 72SVi
Green st. . :
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns, 23c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
PRESENT your sister with that $16 diamond
ring, .worth $40. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
HELP WANTED— MALK.
MURRAY^&^READYTTTTrriTr.TpIione SMS Main
• ■ Leading Employment and Labor Agents. >
■ ....... '........ Want To-day
15 woodchoppers $150 to $1 cord
.26 ttemakers .....Bc, 9c and 12c each
. . Farm hands ■/. .Chore boys
- • Harness-maker for a ranch, $35 and found....
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
DRIVER for a bakery wagon, city references,
$35 and found. MURRAY & READY, 634-
■ 636 Clay st ■■■■..-.
COOKS Bakers ............. Walters
12 cooks, different places. $50 to $30 and found;
,3 waiters,' different places, $25 and' $20 and
- found; 5 bakers, different places, $50. $35 and
- $30 and found. MURRAY & READY, 634-
• 636 Clay. St. . ...
CANDY-MAKER, country- shop. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED — Groom on a stock farm, $20 and
found; man to care for colts on stock farm,
$20 and found, must be experienced; also
farmers, milkers, cooks, waiters and dish-
washers; cook, small hotel near city, $30. W
D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay St.
WANTED— Experienced boys' clothing sales-
man at ROOS BROTHERS'.
HELP WAX'.'ED — Continued.
At7?Tr7TiaNSEN & CO.'S Tel. Grant 185'
15 r 'O railroad laborers for
Skaguay. fare reduced to
$12 50 Skaguay $12 50
Sub-contracts and station work, both rock
and earth, $1 to $1 H a yard Tor rock, 25c to
350 a yard for earth; day laborers average 8
hours at 30c and 35c. Further particulars
and tickets at C R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 104
Geary st. ; next steamer sails Monday, De-
cember 12.
15 LABORERS for the country, $1 75 per day;V_
board 54 50 a week; steady work. C. H~f
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
NIGHT baker who can do a little short-order
cooking, country hotel, $;f.v; cook. $9 5U a week;
3 waiters, restaurants, $35, $30 and $25; baker's
he\per, $£ a Week. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
WANTED— A first-class cook for private fam-
ily; must understand meat, poultry, oysters,
pastry- and ices; referem-es required; the best
of wages' paid; no washing. Apply to J F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutler st
WANTED— Foreman for ranch, $50: machinist
for country; 5 coal miners, $1 ton; carriage-
maker, $2 5U to $3 50 day, and others. Anply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento at.
WANTED— Steward for country, references re-
quired. $50; cook. $9 a week; German pantry-
man. $25, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO
628 Sacramento st. '*
BOY about 16 years to work In store and da
errands. 400 Haight St.
SOLICITOR acquainted with the grocery trade-
salary and commission. Factory. 1308 Mission!
WANTED— Good barber at 1542 Market st.
OFFICE boy with bicycle, aged 13 to 15. Addly
10 to 12 at 916 Market St., room 52.
GOOD respectable boy for tailor store Annlv
at 341 Kearny st. ' pply
BARBER wanted .Saturday and Sunday 504
Valencia St., near Sixteenth.
; WANTED— Boy to learn pants preesing and do
errands. 435 Minna st. .
FIRST-CLASS presser on custom pants. 41Ut
Kearny st.. top floor. -,
DRIVER for bakery wagon. 1218 Powell st : '
wages $20.
WANTED— A boy to peel vegetables. 227
Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS cook to-day. 513 Jones at.
BOY for dry goods store. Apply at 1221 Stock!
ton st.
WANTED— Umbrella maker and repairer. Ap-
ply at 537 Market st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
j rine Corps, United States navy: able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read an.l
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 Inches
and 6 feet in height. For further Information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis it.
San Francisco, Cal.
TO go to-day— 3oo palr3 men's second-hand
shoes, some nearly new, from 25c to $1; new
shoes, slightly damaged. '-4 price. 562 Mission
St., bet. First and Second sts. Open Sundays.
GOOD competent barber wanted for country
place, $8 per week and found: single, sober
and steady man. Address box 381, Call office.
SALESMAN; staple goods; factory to con-
sumer; permanent and profitable. ELLEN-
WOOD, 118 Eddy st.
BUY that $20 sliver American watch; price $8
at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
EIGHT green hands for the south seas at
HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
MKN to learn barber trade; easy terms. 1542 J
Market st
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms, 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764' A Mission
St., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. 138^ Eighth st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.
TRY Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts. ;
thoroughly renovated; 200 rms.; 15c, 25c night.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House, S63H Market st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St.. .near Jaclcson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
I WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
LIA'E agents to handle Braham's Pat. Reservoir
Pen: liberal terms. P. O. box 146, Oakland.
ROOMS WANTED.
STEADY single gentleman (best of references)
wishes a large well-furnished sunny room,
with plain breakfast and supper, with a good
private Protestant family, viz., English.
Irish, American or Scotch; no youn_r children
or other roomers; house standing alone pre-
ferred, with garden, stable or barn If possi-
ble: convenient to Valencla-st. cars preferred;
address with particulars or no notice taken'
Address box 384, Call Office.
2 SUNNY unfurnished rooms vicinity of Church
of Advent; rent not e_ceed $8. Box 374, Call.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Long focus Premo or Poco. 5x7 or
6'._xSV_. Write HIRSCHFELD. 20 O'Farrell
St., room 39.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for cash.
GARDNER & GASSELL, 216 Post st
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus: pprond-hand 109 Montgomery at.
LOST.
LOST— Black greyhound bitch: white feet and
breast; answers to name Nettle. Return to
G. R. FLETCHER, Odd Fellows" Cemetery.
Reward.
$10 REAVARD for information leading to re-
covery of red cocker spaniel dog; missing
since Dec. 2. SCHMIEDELL, 307 Sansome Bt.
ON Stockton or A'allejo st., a white and black
setter pup. Finder will be liberally rewarded
if returned to 1120 Stockton st.
LOST, on Post ft., near Powell— Ladies' tan
pocketbook, containing money and keys; re-
ward. 1426 Leavenworth st.
PURSE, with 1 pair diamond earrings, on
Oakland boat, narrow gauge. Liberal reward
If returned to 803 Kearny st.
110 REWARD for the return of ladles' gold
hunting case watch, three Initials engraved
on case, which was taken from 226 Ellis st. ;
no questions asked.
DIAMOND earring on the way to or In the Pr«>-
bidlo. Suitable reward if returned to 262S
California st. ; no nuestions.
GOLD ball H.-irring. Suitable reward If re-
turned to GEO. J. HENRY. 121 Main st.
PENSION check for $30 payable to R. W. PAT-
TON. Return to Windsor Hotel.
$25 REWARD— Strayed from my home at Fair
Oaks Sunday night one Great Dajie dog; I*4
years old: tiger marked. A. ROY HARRI-
SON.
~~~ FOUND. ~"~ ~"
FOUND— horse. Call butcher shop on
Turk St., below Larkln. . ■
~ HORSES. ~
60 HORSES of ever;' description at Emporium
Salesyards, 220 Valencia St., bet. Thirteenth,
and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc., at your own price.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, . buggies,
, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 827 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneer!.
WANTED— Good gentle buggy horse; about
1000 pounds; sound. Box 369, Call.
.WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
TO make room for new styles top and open
buggies, canopy surrey, panel top wagon, 8
pass., brake: physician's coupe, almost new
greatly reduced prices. 500 Golden Gate aye.
_. ;^^^^; - PASTURAGE^
PASTURAGE for horses or other stock at
Tomales, . Marin County. Apply to J. W.
KEYS, Tomales. - J ■ . yy J
~
PHYSICIANS.
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C~ ODonnell, offlc*
and residence. 1021H Market, bet. 6th and 7th. *
HAVES, 339— Branch, flee of The Call. Sub- Af
srrlptlons and ads taken. - %v. T
TO LEASE.
TO LEASE— A furnished hotel near a large
factory. 30 miles distant. Apply R. T. WARD
& CO., 603 Clay st.
STORAGE.
PIERCE^RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co. 1
Office 401 Post «.. cor. Powell; tel. Main *711 .. 1(BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $1000; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years; doing good-paying business; death of
owner cause of sale; 4 living rooms: rent $15.
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market M.
A— s3so; LOON near R. R. depot: net rent
only $14; card and private rooms; the biggest
bargain in the market. WILKE & UNFUG
9<i6 Market st.
'J-iZoO; SALOON on water front; 10 furnished
Vootns, piano, etc.; rent $20; a good paying
. place; sickness in family cause of a great
bargain. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
-1*60; CORNER drug store; established years;
large prescription and store trade; rent $27 50;
no opposition in 4 blocks square. WILKE &
UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A— DELICACY and grocery store on El-
lis st.; 5 living rooms: rent $25: doing a good
paying business; owner to leave for New
York. WILKE_& UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A— S6SO— COFFEE saloon close to Alcazar The-
ater: first-class paying: rent $65; partners
. can't agree. WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market.
A— WE have buyers to Invest In any legitimate
business; parties willing to sell give us a
• call. National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
FOUR partners wanted with $500 each in a big
amusement proposition; cleared $15,000 in 2
months 5 years ago: plant ready to put
In operation; a straight business proposition;
. full Investigation Invited. National Agency,
7 Grant aye.
A— s2so- POSITION at $75 per month: light
work connected with established business;
good security; full investigation. National
Agency. 7 Grant aye.
$400— CORNER saloon; clears $75 month; a snap.
$215— Cor. grocery and bar; clears $75 month.
$250— Restaurant; No. 1 location; clears $60 mo
$76— Branch bakery; Market St.; rent $15.
$115— Cigar store; receipts $150 per month.
Bargain at National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$400— SALOON; boarding; 16 furnished rooms,
always filled; Al location; everything In tip-
top shape; big bar trade; house crowded;
seller made fortune there in 5 years; trial.
M. LESS, 765 Market st.
, )HoO— RESTAURANT north of Market St., near
large carhouse; well paying: good steady
trade year round; worth looking Into. M.
LESS, 765 Market st.
$150— PAYING cigar store; principal street;
value In sight; 3 living rooms and bath; rent
$15: no opposition: genuine bargain. M.
LESS. 765 Market st.
$1200; DELICACY and lunch: positively best
In city; receipts average $45 dally. KREDO
& CO., I2H Geary st.
$<;oo— CORNER grocery and bar: clears $100;
fine living rooms. KREDO & CO.. 221, Geary.
$175— COFFEE and lunch; est. 20 years; $15 to
$20 dally. KREDO & CO.. 22H Geary st.
$400— CIGAR stand: business corner; must be
sold: a snap. KREDO & CO., Z2 l z Geary st.
A— sl7s; SALOON; daily receipts $7 to $10; a
snap: call at once. KREDO & CO., 22"^ Geary.
$700— SALOON; 15 furnished rooms; 20 regular
roomers; J2OO worth stock; sell barrel whisky
a month; beer trade very large: any one look-
ing for genuine bargain should see this with-
out fall. JONES. 865 Market et.
$400— PARTNER in first-class meat market;
old established business; In Western Addi-
tion: best class customers; fine man. JONES.
S6B Market st.
$1000— DAIRY and milk route: 4 horses; 2 wag-
ons; 4 set harness; 200 cans and all necessary
things for first-class business. JONES, 865
Market st.
PARTNER wanted; light business; $15 to
$20 a week each. •
!300— Coal, wood and feed business; widow
•O*.-hes to sell business; worth twice as much;
t»o horses, wagon, stock, fine trade. '
$400— Partner wanted light business: estab-
lished eight years; large stock; S IS to $35 a
■week each; trial given.
Full Tnformatlon free at WESTERN IN-
VESTMENT CO.. 9 Geary st.
IF you have a business for sale call on' us; no
charge for booking; information free. West-
era Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
BARGAIN In saloon; good location: fine trade;
death compels Immediate sale: do not fail
to investigate. S. H. GOULD & CO.. 632
Market st.
$500— GROCERY and bar; nicely fitted up: fine
corner; splendid trade; sickness compels quick
Bale: bargain. S. H. GOULD & CO.. 632
Market st.
 , l
EXPRESS business: steady trade from
stores: trial given. Inquire 1027^ Market st.,
room 2.
$350— RESTAURANT; centrally located; good
. and steady cash trade: suitable for man and J
wife; cheap rent. Call 1027% Market st. -
$125— FIRST-CLASS raloon. with living rooms;
must be sold at once; rent $25. Call early,
1027' i Market st, room 2.
$250— PARTNER In light business: will pay $75
a month yearly. - Inquire McLAUGHLIN, 777-
Market st.
$COO— RESTAURANT, north of Market; bar-
gain if sold Immediately; compelled to go
East. Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
$1000— Milk dairy depot; paying : business;
lease 5 years; bargain account of going
East. N. LOWENSTEIN, 34 Kearny st.,
rooms 10 and 11.
$s<K>— BARGAIN; grocery : and bar; 3 living
rooms: old-established place. See N. LOW- I
ENSTEIN, 34 Kearny st, rooms 10 and 11.
COAL dealers— Advertiser having first-class
' profitable trade wishes partnership in coal
I yard: must have good facilities to conduct
1 business. Address box 357, Call office.
BAKERY fitted up new; only store trade: cash
-business; good chance for baker. Inquire
Call office.
SILVER DOLLAR saloon. 312 Sansome st.
(with lease). $1600; make offer.
CIGAR stand for sale; central location; small
rent; no agents. 334 Eddy st.
$65— SMALL restaurant outfit for sale. 505 Pa-
cific St.; (all afternoons.
WELL-EQUIPPED bearding and livery stable;
barn full; reason for selling sickness; must
. sell before winter; 3S boarders: 20 livery and
work horses: buggies; surries: carriage:
double and single harness; all that a good
stable requires. Address box 377, Call Office.
WELL-STOCKED. old-established grocery,
liquor store: 5 living rooms; cheap rent; two
flats rented helping to pay rent; cause sick-
ness. Inquire Call office.
1900, MORE or less, grocery stock at Invoice;
good locality: cheap rent; good reason for
selling: D. W. CORBIN, El Vlrano, Cal.
RESTAURANT for sale: will take a partner.
Inquire at once, box 427, Call office.
FOR SALE! — French restaurant, on ac-
count of sickness. 812 Larkin st.
FOR sale — Bakery; one of the best offers ever
made; all store trade, no wagon; 1V» barrels
dally; good location; will stand Investiga-
tion'; other business; $856. Box 4SI, Call.
SHOE shop: doing fine business; good loca-
tion; cheap rent; reasonable. 332 Bush st.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop; cheap; good chance
for single man. Inquire 1119 A Folsom st.
DRUG store, clean and complete stork and fix-
tures; In good location; investigate at once;
chance for good physician. Box 151S, Call. .
COUNTY rights for sale: good paying busi-
ness; quick returns; secure your county at
once. M. H. Cartwrlght, rm. 709. 927 Market.
i COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
7 supplied as wanted at lowest prices. lßi-lW
Beale at
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
fir"c" 'deckerT lfJ^MarkeVsTr^opp^ Fifth.
60-room hotel and bar $7000
&2 rooms; reduced .from $5000 to 2500
110 rooms; on Butter st 250
li rooms; exchange for house and 10t...- 2200
4S-RC •' CORNER HOUSE
JUBT FURNISHED WITH NEW FT T RNI-
..TURE. ONLY $1500: EASY PAYMENTS..
t4-roon> house; new house and irnlture..s 850
8 rooms: new furniture: cost $550 : . 800
12 rooms on Market; rent $40 450
10-room house; only 150
21 rooms: corner: clears $150 650
46-room house: corner 1200
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
A— KREDO & CO 22>4 Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses. .
10 rooms; elegant; clears $50 $550
12 rooms; Ellis st. : always full '. 500
14 rooms; near City. Hall: cheap rent 800
17 rooms; transient; best on O'Farrell.. R.'O
18 rooms; Third et, near Market 475
And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
A— sBso; HOUSE of 35 rooms; rent $50: on
Btockton St.; sickness In family cause of
rreat bargain. WILKE & UNFUG. 90«
Market gt. -.■■■' . . -
LODGING house for sale; on account of slck-
n»e»- 23 rooms: nicely furnished: a sacrifice;
11200.' Address box 1857, Call office. -: - .
$3200—63 ROOMS, north of Market; elegant lo-
cation- good paying; must pell: make offer;
easy terms. Address box 360; Call office.
HOUSE of 12 rooms furnished for sale; cheap.
697 Ellis st. •'•••-
PRESENT that i 14-kamt srold gent's 'watch:
price $20. at UNCLK HARRIS. I.' Grant aye.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.  ;A"'|
FOR sale — $250: carpet and furniture of an 8-
, room flat: rent cheap. - Apply GEO.. W. H.
|» PATTERSON & CO.. 1709 Market St. :, ;-■•-;
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. ;
ADVICE free— W. P. ADAMS. 607 Emma
.. Spreckela b1dg.,827 Market: charges moderate.
ADVICE free; divorce laws; private. J. B.
EVANS, 14 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
L. 8. CLARK— Spreckels bids.. 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. «7 Market st. • •
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. -
PERSONALS.
THE Monarch Shoe Store, 1346 and IS4S Market
st., offers a better grade of shoes at less price
than any other dealer in town.
I WILL not be responsible for any debts con-
tracted by my wife, MARY HOLLAND, after
this date. GEO. A. HOLLAND.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or powerful medicines used: treatment simple
and effective. MRS. CLAYTON, 1128 Sutter.
ETTA RALPH, genuine thermal baths, mas-
sage. 1082 Market st., rms. 2 & 3, nr. Mason.
RESPECTABLE, educated young woman of
high family connections, but In reduced cir-
cumstances, would like to meet elderly gen-
tleman commanding good salary or possess-
ing some means; object matrimony; no
trlflers. Address box 493, ■ Call office.
APPLY LEDERER'S Quinonia Hair Tonic and
your ' air will stop falling out. There is
nothing like It. 35c bottle. 123 Stockton st.
IF you try LEDERER'S Foamo you will have
a fine shampoo: only 5c package. Hair dress-
Ing, 25c; switches. $1 up; open Sundays and
holidays, 9 to 12. 123 Stockton st.
BUY that diamond horseshoe scarf pin; price
$23. At UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market: 200 rooms;
2Sc to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHRISTMAS Sale— Japanese bamboo furniture;
all kinds to order: wholesale an'] retail: coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO.. 313 Sutter.
FOR comfort, durability, elegance and economy
have your shoes made to order at store prices
by Family Shoe Factory. 1550-1554 Market St.
STRICTURE enlarged prostate, pain in blad-
der, urinating too often cured by dissolving
bougies. J MES FORD, 114 Fourth St.. S. F.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth st.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
LATEST style dresses made. $5 to $6; dresses
made over. 3 Eddy St., rooms 14 and 15.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers.
spiritualism.
ATTENTION!~~ """""' ~~~~~-~-~~~"-~-
mrs. DR. a. D. howe.
The celebrated medium, and clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees it all, tells you all
and instantly Rives you peace and happiness. '
She never asks a question, but before you
utter a word she tells you in rull of all that
you are Interested in; business, speculation,
love, marriage, divorce, tells of your friends
. and enemies, locates mines and buried treas- i
ures.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. ■ Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all dlsases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
All correspondence sacredly confidential.
Treatment and consultation by mail always
satisfactory and most successful. Address or
call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
1104 Market St.. S. F., The Vendome.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies; consult
when others fail: sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance;
8 p. m.;.25e. 409 Leavenworth st.
i MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Frl., 2 p. m. ;
Mon.. S- 25c: sittings $1. 233 Valencia St.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
j MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth, rm. 10.
: BUSINESS medium and palmist; readings 25c j
this week; satisfaction guaranteed. 234H 6th.
MME. LENEMAR tells by planets: predicted
rescue passengers str. Gold. '74. 22% Sixth st. !
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 221 Sixth '
street. f ; * ••'••
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. Isc; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell at.
PALMISTRY.
SCIENTIFIC palmistry. MRS. KATE BLAIR,
room 143, Phelan building;, third floor.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
AT $5 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
$3 50 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $296 00
, Kteinway upright.... 187 60
Chlckering upright 235 00
Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright........... 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of ; . . . ;
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
136 Ellis st.. Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $<
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
tame as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some rood pianos for $3, $4 end
$" per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Ftelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
*ts,, San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.;
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
end prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
DURING the next few weeks while our store
ip being remodeled we will offer the greatest
bargains in pianos and musical merchandise:
call and get our prices. ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 763 Market; st.
A STEIN WAY, $175: Steck. $150: Estey, $225:
Fischer. $250: Weber. $200: rasy payments;
pianos rented $1 50 up; rent allowed on pur-
chase. Bruin's Piano House. ?04 Post st.
WM. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento st. agent
for cele" .ated pianos of Francis Bacon of New
York and Hallet & Davis Co.. Boston.
AN elegant Stelnway upright, but little used
and In perfect order: a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Warerooms, ISIS M»'k»t st.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. sole agents for Chlck-
erlng. Steck, Vote and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell st.
AN elegant high-grade piano, slightly used,
sacrificed to-day for cash. Rm. 2. Flood big.
A FINE Steinway and new Chlokerlng nprlgh;
sacrificed. KEFFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness ny-
HBO— FINE Ptelnway: great bargain. SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister st., next .Hlbernia Bank.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st.
HAINES" Bros, and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upripht piano ch*!an: brilliant.
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis St. ■ j
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LF.U Xc CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTT.T.riR. maker, rrpalr»r. 2 Latham nlnce.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
COMPLETE tailor's outfit for sale: also 4
rooms and bath for rent. 316 Leavenworth. <
PIANO for sale; $40; bargain. Call at 1924
Howard st.
PICTURE framing with glass, now cheaper
than ever; 7x9 inches. 10c; 10x12. 1. , c; 12x16
20c; 14x17. 23c; 16x20. 30c; 18x22. 35c; 20x24, 45c:
22x25, 60c; curtain poles complete, with wood
or brass trimmings, 15c; room molding, all
colors, lc per foot; colored pictures, studies,
etc.. 3 for 10c. JONES, 647 Mission st., be-
tween First and Second; open evenings.
DIAMONDS; big bargains In them for holiday
presents at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
ONE and - 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap.
. HUFBCHMIDT. 623 Golden-Gate aye.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOON AN, 1017-ieiS-1021-10Z3 Mission st.,
above Sixth. -
LARGE National cash register at 14 Mason
- street. ■..--■■■•■--- ' ■ ■■ - -: .■ .-.-.-. -
SIX horsepower Zenith gas engine; nearly new.
a l. Belt Co., 619 Mission; tel. Br. 331.
SECOND-HAND engines, boilers, pumps, hose,
belting, etc. H. L. WHITK. 516 Mission st.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
, 423 Sacramento st. ... ' . : .■.-':.■ .
J. R. ■• POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second hand; all
sices: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. .-. .: ■-■■:.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission fit
$2 MONTHLY,* rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. .145 Sixth;. 'phone Mint 46
ALL kinds bought, -v sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
THE SAIS FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1898.
HOLSES TO LET.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
AT 20 Mary St.. near Fifth and Mission— Double
parlors, 7 rooms; rent $22 50.
NICE house 6 rooms, bath and basement; rent
low. Northwest corner Pine and Lagur.a sts. j
O'FARRELL, 779, rear, entrance Larkin place— I
5-room oottage; newly papered, painted; reas.
SUNNY house, corner Geary and Larkin; 9
rooms. Inquire 1153 Howard at.
12-ROOM house; flne for renting rooms. 29 Oak
et., r.ear Market. Apply at 15 Grant aye.
A SOLITAIRE diamond ring worth $&0: price
$47. At UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
ALAMEDA— An ideal new sunny corner resi-
dence, elegantly furnished throughout, to
lease or for sale. See photographs and par-
ticulars, office BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
20 Montgomery Ht.
COTTAGES TO LET.
MODERN cottage; very large grounds; large
barn and stable; houses for poultry; some
distance from other dwellings; near 2 lines
of cars; rent of this property very low to a
responsible party. Apply 19. Fourth st.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms; large yard and stable.
21S Collinewood St. j
$10— CONVENIENT cottage, 4 rooms and yard.
1705 Turk St., near Scott. j
$7— NEAT cottage; good order; 5 rooms; off
Crescent aye. Apply 64 Silver Ft.; water free.
FLATS TO LET.
A— VERY sunny flat; 4 rooms; bath; garden;
all to yourself; $18. Box 482, Call.
FLAT, 1213 Bush; 3 rooms, bath; gas; rent $12.
Apply at 12118 Bush St.; water free.
HAVES, 547— Nice "-room flats; all modern Im-
provements; rent moderate.
HYDE, 171 C —5 new choice sunny rooms; all
modern improvements; $20.
MCALLISTER, 726— Upper vat; 7 rooms, bath:
rent $27; key at 725. .'
A PAIR solitaire diamond screws; price $27;
cost $65. At UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
MINNA, &04, near Tenth— Flat, 4 room* and
bath.
POST. 2531. near Baker— Lovely fiat; 5 rooms
and bath; sunny; $19.
POST, 2607— Sunny flat of 6 rooms; all modern
improvements; $12 50.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
SUNNY corner flat, 7 rooms, bath; cottage of
5 rooms, cheap. 1876 Fifteenth, near Dolores.
$16 — COZY upper flat; 6 rooms, bath and yard.
12 Shotwell st., near Fourteenth.
$12. $14, $17; FLATS, light and sunny; 4, 5 and
6 rooms. 2209 Geary St.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 52 Second— Sunny front suite for light hkpg,
$3 week: single, $1 to $1 50; day. 25c to 50c.
BRYANT, 1101, corner Ninth—* front house-
keeping rooms, furnished complete; cheap.
CLEMENTINA, 707— Nice furnished sunny
bousekpß rooms from $7 up; biUh; laundry.
FIFTH, 322— Large sunny rront bedroom and
kitchen; grate, water, sink, bath; private; $11.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness aye.— Suite of 3
sunny unfurnished rooms, with gas range.
HOWARD, 761%— Nicely furnished sunny suite,
with kitchen; others; reasonable.
HOWARD, 725— 3 sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; also other rooms; reasonable.
HOWARD, 1068— Nicely furnished bedroom and
kitchen, complete for hou ekeeplng, $160 per
week up.
KEARNY. near Sutter — Three unfurnished
front rooms for offices or housekeeping; gas
free; cheap rent. Apply 15 Grant aye.
JONES, 117— Nicely furnished sunny suite for
housekeeping; private.
LEAVENWORTH, 1503. near Jackson-3 sunny
furnished rooms; bath; $10.
MISSION, S6S— 2 large newly furnished rooms,
kitchen and yard, complete for hkpg, $17.
MISSION, 821— Sunny kitchen and bedroom,
large yard, $2 ."0 a week; single rooms, $1.
NEVADA House, 132 Sixth— Nicely furnished
sunny housekpg. rooms, $12 up"; single. $6 up.
NINTH, 10. near Market— 2 or 3 sunny con- j
necting rooms; stove; water; gas; 2 rooms,
$11; single.
NINTH, Jl— Suite of sunny rooms furnished for
light housekeeping; running water; stove.
t^UPLEY, 259 — 3 furnished housekeeping rooms,
$10: unfurnished, $8: no children; no dogs.
SCOTT, 315. near Haight— Furnished rooms for
housekeeping; lower floor.
SEVENTH, 191— Large front rooms for house-
kpg.; connctng. rms., sink; run. water.; reas.
SIXTH, 216V4— Nice sunny furnis.ied rooms;
housekeeping and single; quiet house: reas.
SIXTH, 561. rear— 3 good large unfurnished
rooms; cheap.
SIXTEENTH, 124— Rooms furnished for house-
keeeplng; front, sunny suites; fire places;
suite. $10 up.
SEE solitaire genuine diamond ring: price $10;
worth $20. UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
TIIIRD, 18—2 rooms suitable for housekeeping
or workshop.
TURK. 20—2 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; cheap.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny rt.-Pleasant
tunny rooms; en suite or t!ngle; first-class
in every respect: terms reasonable,
BALBOA, The, 1049 A Market— Changed hands; ]
renovated; rooms 50c. suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr;tel.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth St., corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single. 25c to $1 a nlght;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard-st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
CALIFORNIA, $32— Sunny furnished rooms;
with or without board.
CARROLLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate-
Nicely furnished rooms and offices.
DELAWARE. 14S8 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central; very desirable; $6 per month upward.
EDDY. 330, between Jones and Leavenworth—
Handsome parlor suite; also single rooms;
carpets and furniture entirely new; at rea-
sonable rent.
EDDY, 614 — Very desirable single sunny front
room; closets, bath, gas; private family; $S.
ELLIS. 418 (Grand Carnot)— Nice sunny suites
& sing., $1 50. $« wk. : 60c, $1 day; tel. 81. 1364.
ELLIS. 109^— Newly furnished front room;
suitable for a gentleman; reasonable.
GEARY. 402— Central location; just opened.
ca)pets and furniture new; sunny front I
suites and single rooms; transient; reasona- j
I le : alhc offices.
GEARY. 566— Nice sunny suites; privilege light
housekeeping; gas range; other roums.
GEARY, 622— Sunny front bay-window room; !
newly furnished; gas; running water.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars
GOLDEN GATE. Eo3— Parlor floor suitable tor
physician or dentist; carpeted.
GOLDEN GATE. 640— Corner suite, nicely fur-
nished, sun all day; also housekeeping rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms : en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates: families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming houßc: $1 50 to $C •er week.
HAPKELL, The, 121 Powell— New management;
cheap, neat, light, sunny rooms; transient.
HOLIDAY gift; that $i 0 Howard watch; worth
$100. At UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
suites and single rms.; transient. Mrs. J.King.
MASON, 225 — A nicely furnished sunny front
bay- window; rooms, $2 per week up.
MASON, 511— Large sunny front room; grate;
gas; private family.
MCALLISTER. C3l, near Franklin— Back par-
lor room; suitable for 2 gentlemen.
MECHANICS' HOUSE, 436 Fifth— Everything
new: rms., single or suite, $1 wk. up: trans-
cient; bar In connection. F. W. Gardener, bro.
C. J. Gardener of Folsom and Rausch, prop.
MINNA, 466 — Four nunny rooms in rear; $10.
MISSION. 333 (Mint House)— Nice sunny fur-
nished rooms; transient; new house; central, j
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele- |
vator: electric lights; day, week or month.
PIEDMONT House, 119 A 6th— Nicely furnished j
sunny front rooms; double, single; flrst class.
POBT, 970— Lovely sunny front room: 1 or 2
gentlemen or lady employed during day; rent
reasonable; call before 2 p. m.
POWELL. 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms: second floor; reasonable.
SEVENTH, 179— Sunny rooms; modern house:
newly furnished; single or en suite; $6 to $20
per month.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 136— Rooms suitable for t; folding bed I
and grate; also other rooms.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
TAY, 5, between Clay, Powell, Mason— Nice
furnished room in French family.
TAYLOR, 823— Nicely furnished front rooms;
en suite or single: bath. gas.
TURK, 132— Nicely furnished rooms; transients
accommodated; reasonable.
VAN NESS aye.. 401 D —Large sunny front room
nicely furnished; gas, bath; suitable for gent;
private.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fairmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class in every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water: elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
HOWARD, 2606— Large, sunny room, grate,
large cloret. with board for 2; $40.
A PRESENT; a diamond and turquoise ring;
price $40. At UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
IRVING, 1070 Valencia— Large sunny front al-
cove room.
O'FARRELL, 742— Sunny single rm. : also sunny
parlor for 3 gentlemen; home comforts; piano.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Sunny furnished rooms
with board, $4 to $5 per week; home cooking.
SUTTER. 1128— Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed; reasonable.
I VAN NESS aye., 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms: flrst -class table board.
i VAN NESS, 712— Nicely furnished sunny single
rooms; running water; bath: gas: table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED— 1 or 2 children to board; a mother's
care given. Apply 920 Railroad aye., South
San Francisco.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes children to board;
best of references. 314 J^ssie st.
STORES TO LET.
SHOEMAKER shop to rent, with furnished
sleeping room: good chance for steady single
man. Call barber shop, 744 Fourth st.
GROCERY and bar to let, with 3 rooms.
Northwest corner Eighth and Natoma sts.
SIXTH, 318 — Large store; suitable for gents'
furnishing or dry goods.
$9 AND $10: 2 stores, with living room. 339 Noe
St.. near Market; stable if desired.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 MarkeTsT;
light, beat, janitor and telephone; rents $U 30
to $20. ASHTON A QAR'A'KR. room 210.
MEDICAL. 1
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
j Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk St.. has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfoit; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GU'YER, 610 Eddy et., between
Hyde and Larkin.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what causej; pafe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fail;
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialists free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WI'ETH, 20S Turk Bt.. near Jones.
ALL Ladies — C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
CO years' pratclce; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 122S Market St.;
pills. $1; very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
alxsolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive: price SI 50 per box, sent free by mail
on receipt of price; consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23 Grant
aye., S. F. A caution — Before purchasing
elsewhere write us. .
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every- woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In one day; safe and sure; no medicine
or instruments used; consultation free; saves
disgrace; pills and capsules, $1; cure $5. By
the well-known ladies' physician for 37 years.
DR. POPPER, 31S Kearny st.
! A TREATMENT that restores "instantly all
I cases of monthly irreguliirities from whatever
cause; no instruments used: guaranteed cure
at office, $5; travelers helped instantly: hours
9 a. m. to 6 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122
Market st., bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS-Ladies in trouble see Drs. Good-
wln free; reliable, safe and sure; cure in 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints; no Instru-
ments; maternity home; best medical at-
tendance: cure. $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1362 A Mkt.,bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned spe-
cialist; all monthly irregularities restored;
whatever cause; all cases relieved Immedate-
ly; call or write; confidential. 1023H Market.
RHEUMATISM— Chronic cases solicited; treat-
ment anywhere; pay after cured: $5 up;
others having failed, try H. R., 564 Nine-
teenth St., Oakland.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the greatest
b^on to them. RICHARDS & C0.. 406 C1ay Bt. ;
$1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO., 531 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
AI/KAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D.- don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland Cal.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife; pleasant, sunny
home In confinement. 156 Second st. Tele-
phone Green 52.
] Beilevue Sanitarium— Ladles cared for during
confinement. 727 Rellevne nve.. Los Angeles.
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for the >ame price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth, $5; crov.ns. $3; fill-
ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates: light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, ?4 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2. bridges $4: rub-
ber or flexible plates $3i received S first prises;
no students; guarantee 12 years.
SET of teeth, $5; fillings, gold. $1 up; sliver, 25c
up; bridge work; plates repaired: all work
painless and warranted ten years. New York
Dentists, 963 Mission St., corner Sixth.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $0 up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
I less nnd guaranteed to stand; open evenings
M 7 Market st.. corner Sixth.
i DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Llarket St.. near
Eleventh: oro-wns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
PA RIS Dental Parlors, 23r> Kearny ; set of teeth.
$4: filling, gold, 60c; sliver, '25c; crowns, $3.
THE Esmond dental parlors, 43 Bth— Crown and
bridge work specialists; crowns $3; est. 15 yrs.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
ALL work re.-isonable and warranted. PR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing.telegraphy, languages. English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; suh-
veylng, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ; Indi-
vidual Instruction in shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scholarship. *o0; low rates
per week and month.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, meoh. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
eft. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. M 3 Market.
ELOCUTION ft oratory; F. C. Caldwell: 18 yrs'
experience. Emma Spreckels ' ldg. 927 Market.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 5941 24th st.
PRIVATE academy of dancing: waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY, 6A Hyde.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 12S« Mar-
ket Pt. : 400 positions secured In last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
tantrht: short time. Tarr. .'72 Parrntt bldg.
(carpet" cle aningT
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works — Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. M^r.,
88 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become dlstgusted with poor work
Bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 553-.-.7 Tehania st. ; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J7e. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East IJ6.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., <r>2 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.
PRvjIPOSALS.
; PROPOSALS. ' i
i For Sweeping and Cleaning the Public Streets,
- From the Date of the Award of the Con-
tract to January 1. 1901. ■"'■'*^; ;*.
. OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE BOARD
of Supervisors of the City and County of San
Francisco, December 6, IS9S. ' ...:.-. * . \
In accordance with Resolution ■ No. - : 1648
(Fourth Series) of the Board, of . Supervisors,
: SEALED PROPOSALS will be received In open
session of the Board ■ of - Supervisors on MON-
DAY AFTERNOON. December 12, 1S»8. from
2:30 to 3 o'clock, for sweeping, cleaning and
keeping clean the paved i streets and alleys ot
San Francisco, and those streets that may
hereafter be paved, from the date of the award
of the contract to January 1, 1901, in strict ac-
cordance • with the specifications prepared by
the Merchants' , Association and filed .In the
office of the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors
on October 20th, - IS9B, and adopted and ap-
proved by the Board of Supervisors on De-
cember sth, 1898. by Resolution No.. 2021
(Fourth Series), copies of which can be had
on. application at this office. .
NOTICE.— will submit • alternative
bids based upon the conditions imposed in the
specifications.
Under Form "A."
First— Bidders will estimate and state a price
per 1000 square yards for all ■ work to be done
on streets, alleys, etc., of the first class.
Bidders will estimate and state a price per
1000 square yards for all work to be done on
streets, alleys, etc., of all other classes than
the first class, ; :. ' .. . .
-'" - Under Form "B." . ' . : .
Second— For the performance of the work
with the understanding that the sweepings
from the special district beginning at. Fulton
street and First avenue; then along First ave-
nue to Washington, along Washington to Lar-
kin. along Larkin to Market, • along Market to
Valencia, along Valencia ■to Twenty-first,
along Twenty-first to Castro, along Castro to
Ridley, along Ridley to Buena Vista avenue,
along Twenty-first to Castro, along Castro to
Haight to Masonic avenue, along Masonic
avenue to Frederick, along Frederick to Stan-
yan. along Stanyan to Fulton, along- Fulton to
point of beginning, to be known as Golden Gate
Park Dumping District, are to be conveyed to
and delivered to Golden Gate Park at a point
opposite the entrance at Fifth avenue.
Bidders will estimate and state a price per
1000 square yards for all work to be done on
streets, alleys, etc., of the first class.
Bidders will estimate and state a price per
1000 square yards for all work to be done on
streets, alleys, etc.. of all other classes than
the first class.
The lowest bid will be ascertained ' by mul-
tiplying the figure proposed for streets of the
first class by the figure 1, and by multiplying
the figure proposed for all other streets by the
figure 2. acalng the results together and divid-
ing their sum by the figure 3. The lowest re-
sult will be considered the lowest average bid.
And It is to be distinctly understood that no
bid will be entertained which ; does not con-
form to all the requirements set forth In
the specifications for the guidance of the bid-
ders.
Also, It Is to be distinctly understood that
eight hours shall constitute a day's work for
persons employed on the above work, and that
the minimum rate of wages to be paid shall
be two (2) dollars per day.
The party or parties to whom this contract
Is awarded will be required, prior to or at the
time of the execution of the. contract, to pay
the cost of advertising this nptice In three daily
newspapers. . s.
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the award the Board of Supervisors has
resolved to receive no bids unless made upon
blank forms prepared by the committee, and
each bidder will be required to deposit with
the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors (with his
bid) a certified check, drawn to the order of
said .clerk, upon some bank In the City and
County of San Francisco, In the sum of ten
thousand (tlO.OOO) dollars tnltea States gold
coin, conditioned If the proposal, be accepted
and the contract awarded, and if the bidder
shall • fall ■ or neglect to pay the printing
charges, execute a written contract therefor
and give the bond required, which Is hereby
fixed In the sum of twenty-five thousand ($25,-
000) dollars within six (6) days after the award
Is made, or fail to commence the work on the
execution of the contract, when directed by
the Superintendent of Streets, then and In that
case the said sum shall be paid Into the City
and County Treasury by said clerk as liqui-
dated damages for such failure and neglect.
The Board reserves the right to award a
contract for the above work either under
Form "A" or Form "B," or. reject all bids If
the public good so require. The Board also
reserves the right, to terminate the contract at
any time If the party or parties .to whom the
same shall be awarded shall not perform the
work In strict accordance with the specifica-
tions. *....;_■ V
Blanks furnished by the Clerk. ',-• !: r - : '■
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk. -
. PROPOSALS ,'
For the Erection of an Engine House on
Tenth Avenue, Between I and«J Street*.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE BOARD
of Supervisors of the City and County of San
Francisco, December 6, ; 1898. . ■ -^ -■ ■ -
In accordance ■ - with Resolution No. 2011
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in
open session of the Board of Supervisors :' on
MONDAY AFTERNOON, December 12, 1898,
from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the erection of an
engine house on Tenth avenue, between "1"
and "J" streets, for the use of the Fire De-
partment, In accordance with the plans • and
specifications and the conditions set forth In
the said specifications, prepared by ■ Charles
R. . Wilson, Architect, to be seen at the office
of the Board of Fire Commissioners, first
floor. City Hall, all the work to be performed
to the satisfaction of the Chief ■ Engineer and
the Board of Fire Commissioners.
The building to be completed within eighty
(80) working days from the date of signing
the contract. - •-. . - .-
Any delay in the completion of the building
will be charged to the contractor at the rate
of twenty ($lO 00) dollars per day, and the
total" amount will be deducted from the con-
tract sum.
Payments ■ -will be mado on tne first day of
each month at the rate of seventy-five (75)
per cent of the value of the ; work done pnd
♦ the balance- thirty-five (33) days after the
completion and acceptance of the building
The work of construction to be done in
strict accordance with the plans and specifica-
tions, under the supervision and dlr>:tlon of
Charles R. Wilson. Architect, and the District
Engineers of the Fire Department.
Eight hours to constitute a day's work for
all workmen employed upon the work, and
the minimum rate of wages to be paid on
said work to be two ($2) dollars per day •
Bidders will estimate and state a price for
which the entire work will be performed, in
accordance with the plans and specifications
The party to whom the contract mny bo
awarded will be required, prior to or at the
time of the execution of said contract to
pay the cost of advertising this notice in three
daily newspapers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to facili-
tate the award the Board has resolved to
receive no bid unless made upon blank "forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check on some bank In the City and County
of San • Francisco . for the sum of five hundred
($500) dollars deposited by the bidder with his
bid and made payable to the Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, conditioned If the pro-
posal be accepted and the contract awarded
and If the- bidder 1 shall fall or neglect to pay
the printing charges, execute the • contract a id
give the required Cond. within six days after
the award is made, then and in that case the
said sum shall be paid into the City anj
County Treasury by said Clerk as liquidated
damages • for such failure and negl s»t •
Elanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids If the public good so require rejecl 8U
JNO. A. RT-SSELL, Clerk.
PROPOSALS. . - '
To Construct and Furnish Two (2t Monitor
Batteries for Use of the Fire Department.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE BOARD
of Supervisors of the City and County of San
Francisco. December 6, 1898. .
In accordance with : Resolution No 2011
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in
open session of the Board of Supervisors on
MONDAY ; AFTERNOON, December 12 1898
from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the manufacture
and delivery of two (2) ■ monitor batteries for
use of the Fire Department. - The said moni-
tor batteries to be constructed in strict accord-
ance, with specifications, to be seen at the Fire
Department Corporation Yard. No. 52 Sacra-
mento street. Said monitor batteries to be ap-
proved by and constructed to the satisfaction
of the - Board ■of Fire Commissioners . and : the
Committee on Fire Department of the Board of
Supervisors. •••"■' ■■'■-
.:- NOTlCE.— Bidders will estimate and state a
price for which they . will manufacture and
deliver the two (2) monitor batteries, complete
in every particular and ready for use, to the
Board of Fire Commissioners, to be furnished
within a period, of < not more than seventy (70)
days from the signing of the contract; and if
not so furnished, the sum of $10 per day to be
deducted from the contract pr.ce for each and
every day over and ; above paid ■ period until
furnished and delivered to the Board of Fire
Commissioners. . •
Eight hours to constitute a day's work for
all workmen employed upon the work, and the
minimum t rate of waees :to be r paid on said
work to be two ($2) dollars per day. .-.
, The party to whom the contract ie awarded
will be required, prior to or at the time of the
execution of the contract, ■to pay ' the cost of
advertising, this notice in three daily v news-
papers. " :''r,r^! -*--.-■ - -:' ■':\'r . "" ■ . ■»- :
■ In order to preserve uniformity end to facil-
itate the award the Boards ha? > resolved to
1 receive no bid unless made upon blank forms
prepared ■ by the committee, . and a certified
check on some bank in the. City and County of
San Francisco i for the ; sum <of ; one '-; thousand
($1000) dollars deposited ' by th» bidder with his
bid and made payable to the Clerk of the Board
of * Supervisors., conditioned ,If .the proposal be
accepted and the contract awarded: and if the
1 bidder shall. fall or neglect to pay the printing
! charges, execute the ; contract: and: give the re-
; quired bond' within nix days after the award
: is made, s then and In that case the said sum
shall *be *■' paid "Into t the , City r and County
Treasury by paid Clerk as liquidated damages
for such failure and; neglect. ■ » •
. Blanks furnished by the Clerk. .
The • board ' reserves ■ the i right ■ to reject - all
bids if the public good so require. ;, - : ;■.
.TNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
■ TYPEWRITERS. v
' ' ' '' ' " *" '""'-' ' -_'r-V^V^~ n i-*:;^;'"'"7 ; .'*f ''**
ALL typewriters I sold | and | rented, | few I partly
A used • for ( dale ' cheap; *- send - for ; samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND," $25; ! Callgraph,: $15; Yost, $25;
get sample work. . SCOTT, 333 Montgomery st. :
CITY REAL ESTATE. :
A— S4OOO— REDUCED from ■•' $4500; an elegant
. business or residence corner lot on Dolores
St.; size 33x90; lot contains a new 2-story resi-
. dence V of ' 7 elegantly .decorated rooms and
' bath on end of lot; front is vacant and large
■ enough . for a store and flats; terms ; 1,1200
" cash, balance .in monthly installments. •_ See
owner. 232 Liberty st., near Dolores. 7 »
$5000— ONLY- $1400 cash: : corner: 22d and Flor-
ida sts.. with 3 flats,; 4 and 5 rooms and bath,
and space on corner for 4 more fats ; lot SOx
100. ,' ■:. ■ ... :-2SgffißK«NW^a^Si^^B
$3250 — Cottage, 5 rooms; Halght, near Bu-
chanan ;' 25x95. •' ; :
AN elegant new house of 8 rooms. 811 Shrader
St., near the park; terms easy; open for in-
spection. . : .
$8 50— HOUSE 4 cozy sunny rooms; large yard;
1664 Alabama st. Apply 916 Bush at.
$650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage:
good material. GEO. M. SALSBURY, Build-
er. £21 X St., Sunset district.
$2200— WITH 2 flats. 25 Stone St., near NE.
corner Powell and Washington.
SEE the 2%-karat gem solitaire diamond ring;
price $145. At UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
LAKE COUNTY^^NCH^S^aI-Te^r^t'h^iake
frontage; no improvements; patented; no in-
cumbrance ; 80 acres , have been In hay, bal-
ance fine fruit land when cleared; paying
range for Angora goats: pries $3 an acre cash.
Address Lakeside, box 372. Call office.
'OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFHCE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale in Oakland — New house. 7 rooms and
bath: 2-story; best construction and finish;
lot 40x125; fine neighborhood; 3 minutes from
railroad station; 30 minutes from San Fran-
cisco; monthly Installments. HERON &
HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway.
Ei.MUDJUST HKAL ESTATE.
I HAVE a few special bargains in small acre-
age tracts; look them up at once, it will
pay you.
4 acres highly Improved.
6 acres highly improved.
1 acre highly improved.
A few 1, 2 and 3 acre lots, unimproved,
choice land, well located, all within 5 min-
utes' walk of electric cars- take electric cars
to Elmhurst and see PITTOCK, real estate,
opposite powerhouse. Elmhurst.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BROADWAY, 1229— Unfurnished housekeeping
rooms, carpets; reasonable to responsible par-
ties.
SUNNY, corner; first-class apartment house; no
transients. 1055 Washington. Davis block.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and rhe«o H £< HKLi^
HAAS' old »tr.r« , 4fl« Fl»v»nts ,t 9.. hi*-.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALASIEDA REAL ESTATE.
HOUSE of 7 rooms; lot 45x150.
$1500— House of 8 rooms; lot 50x145; well,
windmill and pump. '
Central aye.; house of 10 rooms; lot 60
Xl4O. 1^;:-;v:
• Houses 'to let. > ...... „
' E. D. JUDD, 1424 Park St., Alameda.
FOR — 60 cents on the dollar; one 5. one 6
and one 7 room cottage* plso for Investment,
two 2-story . cottages: pay net ■10 per cent;
best location. Apply to A. R. DENKE SR.,
Webster-st. station, narrow gauge. ■ '
HOUSES built to order at your own prices and
on your own terms; call and see plans. J. H.
YOUNG. Builder. 1243 Park st. g
BEFORE you buy or build see I our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, Installment home
builders and real estate agents. 1500 Park st.,
Alameda. Cal. ■ ■ -. •
—————— ———^ — — —
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— fine 7-room house: all the
latest . improvements; large lot; street work
all done; 4 blocks from university grounds.
JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley sta-
tion. , . ■ . -
ONLY $1400 for an elegant little home in the
Berkeley hills, near the university; house
: nearly new; 4 rooms and attic; fine, large,
• level lot; good well and one of the grandest
views In America; also a comfortable little
home near Dwight way station for only
$777. -O. , G. MAY & CO.. 2123 Center st.,
Berkeley. •■ ." -'
COMPLETE home; 1 block couth of the U. C. ;
elegant gas fixtures; porcelain bath, finished
in natural wood; sunny frontage; flowers and
fruit trees; a perfect home; send for photo
Address M. L. WURTS, Seventeenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission at., abov»
■ Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respeatable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
. Store, room 408. Parrott building. : . .
ON furniture, piano*, city or Oakland: no re-
moval: low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6%* per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason st., opp. Olympia Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. . LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Pryden. 413 Montgomery st.
i^ -^— —
~~ FINANCIAL.
NOTES discounted; loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON. . broker. 328 Montgomery.
' -.- PROPOSALS.
BIDS Wanted — Notice is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion at its office, room 13. 320 , oansome st
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10 o'clock a m *
Saturday, December 10, 18S8, and opened Iml
mediately, thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
"master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
■ tion Yountville), for six months commencing
January 1, 1899, ■- and ending June 30, 1899
Schedules with information and instuctions
for submitting bids Trill be furnished upon
, application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow . the conditions of the
schedules, arid no bid will be considered un- !
less It is in accordance with such schedules.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified check upon some well known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of : the amount of his bid, payable to J.
C. Currier, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter into a gcod and vallc" con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required j
by law. The ' board reset yes the right to j
reject any or all bids and to order any quan- j
s tlty over or under the amount specified. "
■ Address J. J. . SCOVILLE, Secretary Veter-
ans' Home Association, room "3, 320 Sansome
St., San Francisco, Cal. By rder of the
Board of Directors.
: J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
LEGAL NOTICES.
DEPARTMENT~No! W."""Probat«! N in' the
Superior Court In and for the City and
County of San Francisco, State of Califor-
nia. In the matter of • the estate of ISAAC
S. BELCHER, deceased. Notice is hereby .
a* given i that Monday, ? the • 19th day of Decem-
ber, A. ,D. IS9B, at 10 o'clock a. m. of
said day. and the court room of Department
.10 of said court, at the new City Hall, in
the city and county of San Francisco, State
of California, have been appointed as the
time and place for proving the will of said
• I. S. BELCHER, deceased, and for hearing
the application of ADELINE N. BELCHER
.for the Issuance to her of letters testamen- j
tary thereon. .
Dated Dec. 5. A.-D.IS9S. '
(.Seal] CHARLES F. CURRY, Clerk. ! ;
By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy Clerk.
! RICHARD ' BELCHER. Belcher building.
i. •.Marysville. Cal., Attorney for Petitioner., r
~MABiiIAGE LICENSES.
Elijah L. Hallcralt and Louise Metier. . . . 22-22
E. L. Leuenberger and Amanda Estrada.. 32-29
Christian Katz and Bertha -' Schmalz.'. . . .. 34-30
Charles F. Hopps and Julia A. Danz1e.... 24-23
Fi-ancifcco Fazio and Maria Paiitolfa ;.:.... 28-28
Henry Strobel and Katharina Muller.. .. 39-37
Alfred C.French and Elie M. Johansen.". 28-25
Arthur Cord as and.Esdale S. Dickson 31-24
BIRTHS— MARBIAGESf-DEATHS.
. ■■:-, .-.'-;:■ ■■.'^~. — ; r~. — .'■ •;* ■>•-,•■■- >;\.-^|
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
: indorsed with, the name and . residence ' of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
■K;-'^Syft BORN. ; . :',".■ V'T. ,' '
BAER--In this city, to the wife of Berthold A.
Baer (nee Schwartz)/ a daughter. ..- ■
■;>.■;•■■•-. •■• ; ; MARBJED.~
BARKHORN— December 4, 189?,
;by " the . Rev. Father i Lane, George - Barkhom
; or Stockton and Mamie Culllgan of San Fran-
•'•■ '■ cisco. . ;.-; -'.:. -■ :.r ,■•.■■■.::'.- ..- .:.•■' ;■•;'•. •.. •■-
THRUM— HALLOWELL —In . this ■ city, De-
: cember 7. '■ 1898. by the Rev. Edwin H. Jenks,
'"-; Horace G. Thrum of San Francisco and Alicia
L. Hallowell (Minnie Miller) of Philadelphia.
DIED.
Albertson. Mary E. Pattridge, Catherine
Hynes. Mary Plaseckl. Rev. A. B.
Kennedy. Charles D. Quinn, Michael
Loughlin, George F. Schussler. Michael
McCune. Annie Sinon, Williara J.
McMillan. Margaret Thorne, Mildred
McNaughton. Mary J- Thorne, Sarah S.
Madden. Thomas P. Trimalle, Alme
Maher. Mary E. TrobocK, Madeline
Martin, John Wltrney, George A.
Millar. John F. Wilson. Eliza
Nelson. Gustaf Wittmeier, Magda-
O'Halloran. Ellen lena
Patton, Maggie Zammitt. Catherine
ALBERTSON— In this city. December 7, IS9B.
Mary E. Albertson inee'lrwln), beloved wife
of W. B. Albertson. and mother of Edna
Tyler, a native of Crass Valley, Cal., aged
37 years.
(TT'The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 17 Harriet street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
HYNES— In this city, December S. I<W, at her
residence. 40S Latruna street. Mary, beloved
wife of John Hynes, and mother of John J.
Hynes. a native of Glynn, County Limerick,
Ireland.
ITT'Notice of funeral hereafter.
KENNEDY— Near Berkeley. December 5. 1«98,
Charles D. Kennedy, a native of New Bed-
ford. Mass.. aged 3."> years. (New Bedford,
Mass., papers please copy.)
[T?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Franc's da
Sales Church, corner Grove and Hobart
streets, Oakland, whore a solemn requiem
high mass Will be cp'ehrnted for the repnse
of his soul. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
LOUGHLIN— In this city. December 8, IS9B,
George F., beloved husband of Kate L->u*h-
lin. only beloved son of Peter J. and Mary
Loughlin, and brother of Clara Loughlin, a
native of San Francisco.
McCUNE— In this city. December 7. IS9S. at the
residence of Mrs. John Leishman. 353 Hill
street, corner of Sanchez, Annie McCune,
sister of James McCune and Mrs. Kate Dunn
of St. Louis. Mo., a native of County Munag-
han, Ireland, aged 25 year?.
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter.
McMILLAN— In this city, December S. IS9B.
Margaret, beloved wife of Angus McMillan,
and beloved mother of Mrs. F. Outer. Mrs
Jessie Kirchner and Daniel T. McMillan, a
native of County Mayo, Ireland.
C?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
McNAUGHTON— In East Oakland. December S,
IS3S, Mary Jane, wife of John A. McNaugh-
ton, and mother of Jessie. Bessie. Alice and
Irma McNaughton. a native of Nova Scotia,
aged 34 years 2 months and 16 days.
MADDEN— At Douglas Island, Alaska, Novem-
ber 30, 1898, Thomas P., beloved brother of
Annie and John Madden, and cousin of John
and Thomas Maddm and Mrs. M. Connor, a
native of County Monaghan. Ireland, aged 33
years and 1 month.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parfors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services. Interment Hoty cross Cemetery.
MAHER— In this city, December S, IS9S, Mary
E., beloved wife of M. A. Maher. a native of
San Francisco, aged 33 years.
CT Notice of funeral hereafter.
MARTIN— In this city, December 7, 1898, at the
residence of his mother. 1206 Jackson street,
John, beloved son of Mary A. and the late
James Martin, and beloved brother of Wil-
liam. James Jr., Ansuß, Alexander and Harry
Martin, a native of Sonoma, Cal., aged 40
years 2 months and 25 days.
E7"lnterment to-morrow (Saturday), at So-
noma Cemetery, Sonoma, Sonoma County,
Cal.
MILLAR— In Phoenix, Ariz., December 8, 1898,
John F. Millar, a native of Morrisburg, Can-
ada, aged 34 years.
NELSON— In the City and County Hospital,
December 8, 1898, Gustaf Nelson, a native of
Sweden, aged 40 years.
O'HALLORAN— I. Oakland, December 7, 1898,
Ellen, wife of the late Maurice O'Halloran.
and mother of Maurice and James O'Hallo-
ran, Mrs. Michael Nolan, Mrs. Dan O'Keefe,
Mrs. J. Kerney and the late Michael and
John O'Halloran, a native of Parish Castla
Island, County Kerry, Ireland, aged 79 years.
(TTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thig day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 815 Willow street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
PATTON— In this city. December 7. 189 S. Mag-
gie, dearly beloved wife of Daniel Patton,
mother of Maggie Patton. and sister of Mrs.
Mary Carr, Mrs. Delia McKibben and Miss
Katie Quinn, a native of County Donegal,
Ireland, aeed 30 years.
KTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock precisely, from her lata
residence, 510,4 Battery street, thence to St.
Francis Church, where at 9:30 o'clock pre-
cisely, a solemn requiem high mass willl he
celebrated for the repose of her soul. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PATTRIDGE— In this city, December 7, IS9S,
Catherine, beloved wife of R. K. Pattridge.
mother of Audrey and Kirk Pattridge, and
sister of Mrs. Mary Lincoln, a native of Bos-
ton. Mass.. aged 5n years.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this dar
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
N. Gray & Co.. 641 Sacramento street. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
PIASECKI— In this city, December 7, 1533,
Rev. Brother Andrew Boieslaus Piaseckl,
dearly beloved son of John and Elizabeth
Piaseckl. and beloved brother of Mrs. Adam
Kryslak and Joseph. Elizabeth, Martha and
Stefanie Piasecki, a native of Lautenburg,
Prussia, Germany, aged 23 years, and 7 days.
(Chicago papers please copy.)
E?Friends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 69 Serpentine place, thence to
St. Boniface's Church. Golden Gate avenue,
near Jones street, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery-
QUIXN-In this city, December 8, 1«98, Mich-
ael, dearly beloved brother of John. Peter,
?am and Francis D. Quinn, a native of the
parish of Donoughmore, County Donegal, Ire-
land, aged 39 years.
E?Friend < » and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission street,
thence to St. Paul's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 10:Jp o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHI'SSLER— In this city, December 8, I»9S.
Michael, beloved husband of Bertha Schuss-
ler, and father of Amy Schussler. a native
of Austria, aged G3 years 11 months and 11
days.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
SINOX— In this city, December 8. 1898, Wil-
liam J.. beloved son of the late "William
Sinon, father of Genevieve M. Sinon. brother
of Margaret M. Sinon, and nephew of Thomas
Sinon, a native of Brantford. Canada, aged 44
years.
ITT'Frienn's and acquaintances ar° respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2015 Hyde street, thence to St. Brigid's
Church, Van Ness avenue and Broadway, at
10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
THORNE— In this city. December 8, IS9B. Mil-
dred, dearly beloved daug-hter of Stephen and
Josephine Thorne. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 21 days.
THORNE— In this city. December S. MM, Parah
Starke Thorne. widow of the late Charles R.
Thorne. a native of New Ynrk. aged 75 years.
ITT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
TRIMAILLE— In the City and County Hospital,
December 8. 1898. Aime TrTmaille, a native of
France, aged 6S yenrs.
TROBOCK —In this city. December 6, IHW,
Madeline, beloved wife of B. N. Trobock, and
daughter of Andrea and Jem Maria Malovog
of San Jose, a native of San Jose., aged 25
years 8 months and 19 days. 'San Jose pa-
pers please copy.)
(D'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:4. r > o'clock, from the family
residence. U33 Bush street, thence to Notre
Dame dcs Victoires Church. Bush street,
where a Bolemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
'ng nt 10:30 o'clock. Interment private.
WIGNEY— In Alameda. December 8. 1898,
George A., dearly beloved husband of Atrnes
Wigney, and father of Mrs. Charles Ratto.
Mrs. E. P. Pendleton. Mrs. C. J. Sharp and
George, Bennie and the late Nellie V. Wlp
ney, a native of London. England, aged Sfc
years 8 months and 29 days.
WILSON— In this city, December «, IS9S, Eliza
Wilyn. a native of Scotland aged 7n v.-^rs.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thig ilay
(Friday* at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter A White. 122 Eddy street. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery.
WITTMEIER— In this city. December 6, 1898,
Magdalena, beloved wife if the late John O.
Wittmeier, and sister of F. L. Buhn of
Teharhapt, Kern County, Cal., a native of
Baden. Germany, aged 54 years 1 month and
7 days.
lE^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday*, at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery-
ZAMMITT— In this city. December 8, 189 S.
Catherine, beloved wife of the late . Joseph
Zammitt. and mother of John. Joseph and
Patrick Zammitt, Mrs. M. Robinson and Mrs.
D. Roberts, a native of Donegal, Ireland,
aged 76 years and 9 months.
ETNotice of funeral hereafter. Rema'r.r:
at the parlors of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2429 Mission street, near Twenty-
flrat.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALI'ERSL
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
IH. B McAVOY. Manager. I
jv\cfw/dY <& co.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBaLMERS E
U36 Market »t. between Sth and >tn.
Telephone, South 247, I
Weekly Ca11,51.50 per Year
1112
W. F. HERRIN'S HONOR
AND COL. BURNS' RECORD
An Effort to Drag the Name of a
Philanthropic and Kindly Lady
Into the Mire.
A YOLO COUNTY GHOST REFUSES TO BE LAID.
Interesting Excerpts From a Report of the State *Con=
troller — The Examiner's Latest Move in
Behalf of Its Senatorial
Candidate.
Colonel Dan Burns has not yet taken
the public into his confidence with ref
erence to his wishes in the matter of
the Senatorial plum. He is so busy di
recting the efforts of his satellites who
are engaged in the work of trying to
whip legislators into line for their
boss that he cannot find time to make
up his mind as to what course he shall
pursue with the public at large. To be
sure, the general public cannot vote for
Senator, and legislators can, but this
fact probably has no particular weight
with Colonel Burns.
It will be remembered that some
days ago W. F. Herrin, in a burst of
confidence Inspired by circumstances
that were to him somewhat embarrass
ing, declared that Burns is the rail
road's candidate for Senator. About
the same time Colonel Burns was inter
viewed on the subject and declared that
he is not yet a candidate, though he
confessed, with a certain show of in
genuousness, that the only reason for
his hesitancy in accepting the position
and starting for Washington was his
inability to decide off-hand whether or
not he wanted the Job. This astonish
ing declaration was taken with proper
seriousness, for, as every one knows,
the colonel Is fond of his little joke,
even when the victims of his rare hu
mor happen to be the electors of so
great a State as California.
While Colonel Burns has been toying
with fate and striving to forget the
past his friend Herrin has not been idle.
The political Pooh Bah of the Southern
Pacific Company has sent his agents
and emissaries to every quarter of the
State and used all of the available
power of the great corporation that em
ploys him in an endeavor to pledge leg
islators to vote for Burns for Senator.
With the fine sense of honor that led
him to lie publicly in order to cover up
a blunder into which he had been led,
he has sought to strengthen his forces
and those of Colonel Burns by dragging
before the public the name of a lady
who is known and loved from one end
of the State to the other.
It is needless to say that Mrs. Stan
ford has not taken, and does intend to
take any interest in the selection of a
United States Senator, other than that
of an onloker who has the welfare of
the State and its people at heart. Yet
Mr. Herrin, with a display of honor
and chivalry that would put a Sioux j
Indian to the blush, has dragged this
lady's name into the controversy, hop
ing, no doubt, to gain a temporary ad
vantage by distracting attention for the
moment from the despicable and crimi
nal methods by which he is seeking to
throw dust in the eyes of the public
and gain for a man 'with an unspeak
able record a seat in the Senate of the
United States.
The Indian brave, who beats his
squaw to prove his prowess as a war
rior, appears as an honorable gentle
man when compared with a man who,
in order to hid his own methods as a
giver of bribes and a purchaser of
power, drags before the public the
name of a kindly and charitable gentle
woman, that he may hide behind her
skirts and thus expose her to criticisms
which he alone has earned and de
serves. Such a man is William F.
Herrin, head of Collis P. Huntington's
political bureau, and chief promoter of
the Senatorial candidacy of the aro
matic Colonel Daniel M. Burns, ex-
Clerk of Yolo County, ex-Secretary of
State, present horseman and mine
owner, one-time occupant of a prison
cell in Mexico and would-be arbiter of
the destiny and fortunes of the good
people of the State of California.
Colonel Burns is not a talkative man
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IT$. CONSUL
CURED OF
BY
I bad an attack of Eczema, and ordered a
box of oxide of zinc ointment. The first
application changed the Eczema to hell-nre,
which seemed unquenchable. The druggist
had used a rancid cerate and I was poisoned.
A local physician did not help matters, and
everything either failed to help, or made it
worse, I was becoming desperate, when I
thought of Ccticuba Remedies, and dis-
patched my servant for a cake of Cutiouba
Boat and a box of Cuticura (ointment).
The first application relieved me and in three
days I toot well.
FULASRI F. HYATT, United States Consul.
Dec. 13, 1697. Santiago de Cuba.
Sold throughout ft* world. Varrn D.*C.Co«r.Bol«
Projf.,iJe*wa. "Hinr to Curt tti» Wool Eci«n»,"«M«.
and therefore it is not strange that a
great many people are not aware that
he once held the high office of County
Clerk of Yolo County, nor the circum
stances surrounding the relinquish
ment by him of that office. A brief
reference was made to it about four
years ago on the occasion of a mass
meeting at Metropolitan Temple. Cap-
tain E. Blennerhassett was the speaker
of the evening, and it was he that made
public reference to this particular por
tion of the record of the man who is
now trying to slip up on the blind side
of the Senatorial situation. This is
what he had to say, and it will serve
for the present to indicate to the reader
the occasion of Colonel Burns' leave
taking of the tax-payers of Tolo
County:
In the iFTenticit Burns dropped
into Yolo County, a plausible fellow
who would pat yon on the Hhoalder
mid tell you that it was "all rife-lit."
They elected him County Clerk. I
Trill tell you what occurred. Dur-
ing; liis adrainlNtration of the office
of County Clerk, Burn* of Yolo be
came a defaulter to the amount of, I
think. !)«ar»OO, and he wan arrested
and put in the Juu and kept there
ii in II his bondsmen took him out. I
can prove i 1..» assertion, and if Mr.
Mum* desires to arrest me for libel
he can do no. I am not afraid of
him.
To those members of the Legislature
who desire to know something of the
merits of the men wh" will be presented
to them as candidates for the office of
United States Senator xrticular at
tention is directed to the following por
tions of the printed report of the State
Controller, dated Sacramento, October
3, 1884:
Hon. E. C. Marshall, Attorney Gen
eral — Sir: I have the honor here
with to transmit to you the result of
an investigation of the office of Sec
retary of State daring the incum
bency of D. M. Burns, from January
5, 1880, to January 8, IHHH. The ex
amination Khona Mr. Burns to be a
defaulter to the State in the sum of
931.739 50.
• • •
As trill be seen from the annexed
appendix, this -work involved long,
arduous and perplexing labor, ren
dered necessary by the large num
ber of books examined, and doubly
so from the systematically fraudu
lent manner in which they were
kept.
That the law was intentionally
violated and that a belief won en
tertained that the violation would
escape attention Is most cleurly
evidenced by the fact that not one
of the books in which were entered
the daily transactions of the office
can be found, and the fee and cash
book which were left behind con
tained so many false and mystifying
entries as to show that the deter
mination nun to make detection all
the more difficult. Hut through an
inconceivable oversight on the part
of Burns' office, yet most fortunately
for the State, some thousands of let
ters were left on file from parties
In this and other States, ordering
work to be done, inclosing currency
and money orders In some cases for
the payment of the work, and in
others requesting: that it be sent
C. O. I>.
These letters furnished a clew
"lilcli. when followed, developed a
systematic embezzlement of the
State's money.
• * •
Subsequent developmen t« ha ye sat
isfied me that Mr. Burn*' denials
were not true and that he himself
participated directly In tue embez
xlenient.
• • •
TliiH system of patent, nnblnsh-
Ing frand, brKon almost at the hour
of hit incumbency, reaches In nn
broken line to the end of Reynolds'
deputyshlp and in lew* bold though
scarcely less corrupt manner con
tinues to the end of Hums' term.
The slinmeless mendacity of these
i-mhrizlem outstrips in onnning the
harbor and other public robbers
discovered by this office, lint wane
the -Til of condemnation and pub
lic contempt should be stamped on
thin ikmt edition of "stealing: made
easy." yet In the desert of regard
and sympathy for its originators an
onsl* of admiration Intuitively
arises from the fact that they per
mitted the people to believe that
the law requiring: the collection of
fees by the Se«*»-etary of State was
not a dead letter, by mag-nan I mous
ly turning: over to the State some
of the money collected.
-In the interest.' of ,;pnblle- Justice,
an ii oafegnard to the trennnry and
a* a Tvarninjc to nil others who
mterht have an Inclination to follow
in their footstep*. It Is proper ' that
the ararb of a felon should he fitted
to the back vof each one of the
thieves who participated .'■ In ' this
robbery.
The D. M. Burns mentioned In the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1898.
Controller's report as being a defaulter
to the State Is Colonel Daniel M. Burns,
the Southern Pacific Company's can
didate for United States Senator. He
is also the Dan Burns whose Senatorial
candidacy has been espoused by the
Examiner, the erstwhile champion of
the rights of the people and the enemy
of the great corporation of which Col
lis P. Huntington is the head and "Wil
liam F. Herrln the tail. "Not only
hoisted, but nailed."
State Senator-elect Sig M. Bettman
and the political writer of the Exam
iner left for Los Angeles Wednesday to
promote Burns' candidacy in the South
land. It is confidently expected that
there will "be something doing" in the
"bridges and building account"' of the
railroad company, to which was to be
charged the funds expended in pur
chasing the favor of timid legislators.
MR, COLNON
IS NOW SORRY
THAT HE SPOKE
His Harbor Front
Roast Inspired.
HE WOULD SHIFT THE BURDEN
MANY OF HIS RELATIVES HAVE
FAT PLACES.
The Attempt to Besmirch His Fel
low Commissioners Falls Flat
in the Face of
Facts.
The latent sensation among State offi
cials in this city is the remarkable ut
terances of Harbor Commissioner Col
non before the Senate commission now
investigating affairs on the water front.
It is the general opinion that Mr. Col
non, knowing that the work of the com
mission will result in bringing to light
much of the stealing and rascality that
has marked the conduct of affairs dur
ing his term of office, is seeking to draw
his fellow-commissioners into dises
teem in order to make a more equal
distribution of the burden of guilt. To
do this he is willing to conVict himself,
being satisfied if by so doing he can
lead the general public into the belief
that he alone is not to blame.
As a matter of fact Commissioner
Harney has held office considerably less
than a year and Commissioner Herold
was appointed to his present position
less than six months ago. Neither gen
tleman was a member of the board of
which Mr. Colnon is the president dur
ing the period when the State suffered
from stealings and mismanagement, as
is shown by the revelations that have
been made from time to time before the
Senate commission.
The purchasing bureau about which
Mr. Colnon had so much to say and
which he declares should be "taken out
of politics" — now that his own term of
office is about to expire in a fog of dis
grace — is one of his pet schemes. It
was established at his earnest solici
tation and under his direction and has
from Its inception been a ready and
convenient funnel through which the
funds of the State were allowed to flow
into the pockets of dishonest contract
ors and interested, though equally dis
honest, officials. Now that iur. Colnon
is about to retire in disgrace, leaving
seven of his relatives in the enjoyment
of fat salaries on the water front, he
wishes to have a system of civil service
established for the purpose, possibly, of
enabling the aforesaid relatives to con
tinue in the enjoyment of their present,
sinecures indefinitely.
Mr. Colnon also declared that the
number of men employed on the water
front was far in excess of the needs of
the State. He even went so far as to
declare that the greater number of
those who have been given positions are
irresponsible and incompetent, a fact
which he sincerely deplored, but which
was out of his power to remedy as he
wag only entitled to. name one-third of
the appointees of the board. This was,
of course, a direct slap at his fellow
commissioners, and was delivered, ap
parently, without regard to the well
known fact that some of the men for
whose appointment he is responsible
are notoric sly incompetent. One of
his appointees .vas, before he was pro
moted by grace of Mr. Colnon's favor
to an easy berth on the State's water
front pay roll a banjo player in the
saloons and low dives of Stockton. It
is for such as he that Commissioner
Colnon would have established civil
service rules that they may be retained
in office.
It is. generally conceded that Mr. Col
non's left-handed "roast" of his fellow-
Commissioners was partly inspired by
the fact that they have refused to
"stand in" and appoint Harry Scott,
Colnon's nephew, to the position of
Chief Wharfinger now held by Supreme
Court Clerk-elect George Root. By the
grace of Mr. Colnon Scott now holds
the position of Mr. Root's assistant,
and it was the dream of his uncle's
heart to advance him to the position
that will be left vacant by the retire
ment of Mr. Root. The other members
of the board, however, decline to pro
mote the success of the family affair
that Mr. Colnon is running in connec
tion with the State's pay roll, hence the
voluntary confession of unworth to
which Colnon gave voice before the
Senate commission on Wednesday. The
confession and accompanying denun
ciation had no place in the inquiry that
was being conducted at the time It
would not have been listened to had
it not been for the fact that the mem
bers of the commission are inclined to
be amiable and were therefore induced
to give the Commissioner an opportu
nity to relieve a conscience somewhat
overburdened by shady acts covering
almost the entire period of his term of
office. The result has been that he is
now coming in for a "roasting" at the
hands of every official who is awar,e of
the facts as they really exist and' not
as Mr. Colncm represents them.
Restaurant Men in Trouble.
United States Attorney Foote yesterday
filed in the United States District Court
Informations against G. Pouchau and
Louis Schlatter, proprietors of the St
Germaine Restaurant, for serving wine in
unstamped bottles and for using the same
stamp more than once.
Child-Study Club.
The Friday afternoon meeting of the
Child Study Club will be held this after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Occidental Hotel
All persons interested are invited to at
tend. The topics to be discussed will be
"Reading Course for Mothers" and "Lit
erature for Children."
Dark gray, Flemish, with ivory orna
ments, and old Dutch oaks. High grade
?ilts superior In finish and design. Grace
ul oval gold frames and the most beauti
ful line of framed picture* yet seen. Most
acceptable Christmas presents at Sanborn
& Vail'fl.
BUILDERS OF
NEW LAWS FOR
CALIFORNIA
Official List of the Members
of the Next Legisla
ture.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. B.— All the official returns on the Legislative
ticket have been received at the office of the Secretary of State.
They show that the next Legislature will be composed, of
eighty-five Republicans, eleven Democrats, twen -three fusion
ists and one independent Democrat elected with the aid of the
Populists. In the Senate there will be twenf r -six Republicans, nine
Democrats and five fusionists: in the Assembly fifty-nine Repub
licans, two Democrats, eighteen fusionists and one independent Demo
crat. This gives the Republicans a good working majority in each
branch of the Legislature.
In the table below is given the names of the members, their
postoffice addresses, their party designation and the pluralities or ma
jorities by which they were elected. This year Senators were elected
in the even-numbered districts only, therefore the pluralities given are
those for the twenty newly elected members of the higher house.
MEMBERS OF THE SENATE.
Party.
P. O. Address.
1
3
4
5
6
7
8
O
10
1 1
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
10
ao
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
as
20
30
31
32
33
34
35
30
37
88
30
4O
J. N. Gillette Rep.
James T. Laird Hep.
W. F. Prink Dem.
W. P. Muggard Rep.
B. W. Chapman Dem.
W. M. Cutter Hep.
C. L. Laßue Deiu.
John M«»k k«• Dem.
J. J. Lachslnger Rep.
J. C. Sims Dem.
J. H. Dickinson Itcp.
J. M. Curtin Dem.
liillls Doty Dem.
John F. Dhvlh Uep.
B. F. Langford Dem.
Dr. Chester Rowell Rep.
S. llnmnlinrt Dem.
John A. Hoey .'. R«P.
L. J.Dwyer Dem.
Frank W. Burnett Rep.
E. I. Wolffe Uei*.
sit >1. llettman Rep.
Sidney Hall Dem.
R. Porter Aahe Dem.
John Feeney Dem.
Frank W. Leavitt Hey.
F. S. Stratton Kep.
E. K. Taylor K«-P-
D. H. Trout Rep.
Charles M. Shortridge. . . Rep.
11. V. Morehonse Hep.
H. L. Pace Dem.
Thomas Flint Jr Hep.
S. C. Smith Hep.
J. J. Iloyee Rep.
C. M. Simpson Hep.
R. M. ilii 1 1 ii Hep.
A. T. Cnrrier Hep.
T. J. Jones Rep.
A. E. Xutt J Hep.
Eureka .
Alturas
Grass Valley....
Corning
Greenwood ....
Marysville
Vountvllle
l'rinceton
Vallejo
Santa Rosa
SauNallto
Sonora
Elk Grove
Jackson
Acanipo
Fresno
San Francisco..
San Francisco..
San Francisco..
San Francisco . . j
San Francisco. .
!■>!■ v Franclitco . . j
San Francisco..>
San Francisco.. |
San Frnncisco..i
Oakland j
Oakland
Alameda
Boulder Creek, .j
San Joh« '. .1
San Jose
Tiilurc |
San Juan i
llakerslleld ... .1
Santa Barbara. .j
Panadena i
Los Angeles . . . . |
Spadra
\naliriiii i
San Diego |
1,000
405
205
250
156
588
724
240
690
403
042
25
1,585
2,107
586
307
O7
1,184
1,828
1,175
MKMnERS OF THE ASS
HULY.
1
2
3
4
5
O
7
8
o
10
11
12
Ml
14
15
10
17
IS
to
20
21
22
23
24
25
86
27
28
20
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
89
40
II
42
43
44
IT.
■I(»
47
48*
40
50
51
52
53
54
55
.-.<;
57
58
.-»»>
00
61
02
«3
«4
65
66
07
OS
<»:•
70
71
72
73
74
75
70
77
78 :
70
80
C. B. .H I xiin Rep.
G. D. Marvin Rep.
Cyrus H. Uoynton Rep.
W. 11. I -a Raree Hep.
James 11. Beecuer Hep.
G. G. dough Hep.
Richard DeLaneie Hep.
Charles G. Raub Hep.
J. B. Sanford Dem.
F. B. Glenn Dem.
G. IV. Pierce Rep.
W. S. Robinson Hep.
\\ . B. Lardner Hep.
R. S. Ran- Rep.
A. Caminettl Dem.
H. .»i. Leßaron Rep.
William F. Cowan Dem.
Owen Wade | Rep.
Alden Anderson Rep.
Grove I/. Johnson Rep.
Uillium D. Knight* Rep.
Morris Brooke Dem.
John \\ . Atherton Hep.
C. M. Belshaw Rep.
F. E. Dunlap Rep.
A. E. Muenter Hep.
Harvey S. Blood Hep.
Lanrence Hoey Dem.
Charles F. Kennealy Rep.
Louis A. Devoto Rep.
Daniel S. O'Brien Dem.
James M. Hanley Dem.
Eugene D. Sullivan Dem.
J. J. Crowley. . Dem.
v. 1 1 ll.iiii H. Copp Rep.
A. H. Merrill Rep.
\\ I Ilium E. White Dem.
William H. Rlckard Rep.
.Justus S. Wardell Dem.
Henry W. Miller Hep.
Henry C. Dibble Kep.
Lorenzo A. Henry Rep.
Fred Lnndqutst. Rep.
M. H. Barry Rep.
Eugene Snllivan Rep.
William McDonald Rep.
Joseph R. Knowland. . . . Rep.
Joseph M. Kelly. ....... Rep.
A. A. McKeen Rep.
J. A. Bliss Rep.
Howard E. Wright Rep.
H. W. Brown Kep.
George G. RadcllA* Rep.
Walter Clark Rep.
John D. Kclsey Rep.
M. E. Arnerieh Rep.
G. R. Stewart Dem.
A. M. McDonald Hep.
C. G. Cargill Kep.
P. 11. Mock Dem.
F. R. Feliz Dem.
John M. Griffln Dem.
John Fairweather Dem.
E. T. Cosper Rep.
W. P. Boone Dem.
It. C. Dale Rep.
J. K. Burnett Deni.
C. W. Merritt Rep.
C. B. Greenwell Rep.
Walter S. Mellck Rep.
O. H. Huber Rep.
Joseph M. Miller Rep.
t% illlam Mead Dem.
1.. H. Valentine Rep.
N. P. Conrey Rep.
H. W. Chenoweth Rep.
A. S. Millce Rep.
Frank P. Meserve Ind.
L. R. Works Rep.
A. S. Crowder Rep.
Ilornbrook . . . . j
Blue Lake |
Ferndale
\\ eaverville . . . j
Anderson
Q ii i ii <•>
Oroviile
.Meridian
Ikiah
.ln.ni («>
Davisville |
Grass Valley.... j
Auburn
Placerville . . . .
Jackson
i alley Ford.
Santa Rosa
Nil pa
SuiHun ........
Sacramento ....
Sacramento . . . .
Oak Park j
.\uvato ........
Autioch
Stockton
Lathrop
Angels I
San Francisco..
San Francisco. .
San Francisco..!
San Francisco..]
Sun Francisco..]
San Francisco. .
San Francisco. .
San Francisco..
San Francisco. .
San Francisco..
San Francisco..
Man Francisco. .
San Francisco..
San Francisco. .
San Francisco. •
San Francisco. .
San Francisco..
San Francisco. .
Livermore
Alnmeda ......
Oakland
Oakland
Oakland
Berkeley
Colma .*.
Watßonvllle . . .
Mountain View.
San Jose
Frohm
Crown Landing.
Sonora
San Juan
Independence ..
Monterey
Madera
Reedley
Tulare
11l n n tin
llakersneld ....
Paso Robles. . . .
Santa Barbara..
Hneneme
Panadena
Pomona
Clearwater ....
Los Angeies. . . .
Los Angeles. . . .
Los Angeles. . . .
Anaheim ......
Riverside ......
RedlandM
San Diego
La Mesa
08
072
547
145
285
022
«01
103
087
027
200
801
803
104
270
381
175
204
1,104
854
400
61
222
385
811
524
63
15
258
110
55
447
52
900
151
55
108
520
13
447
855
360
202
151
230
040
1,519
701
070
035
1,002
100
420
770
550
374
541
184
24
15
382
53
52
43.
374
224
/ 31
072
071
1,300
308
350
fed
1,516
775
421
705
237
822
500
WINE PRICES GOING UP.
Have Recently Advanced Six Cents
Per Gallon.
The shortage in the wine crop of IS9B
and the fairly good demand that 'has
existed during the past year have re
sulted In advancing the prices of the
vinous product during the past few
weeks. In speaking of the sit
uation yesterday Secretary Hotchkiss of
the Wine Makers' Corporation said:
"Prices of wines have been advancing
steadily for some time, and since October
1 the increase has amounted to 6 cents per
gallon. Of course, this is good luck to
the winemen who now have wine for
sale, and we feel, confident that prices
will go higher. Our opinion is based on
the facts of the long continued dry
weather, which will weaken the vines,
and the ravages of the phylloxera.
"Whether the condition of higher prices
and reduced product will balance re
mains to be seen, but the producers are
not much pleased with the prospect.
"The story that one of the big wine cor
porations had cornered the cooperage
market is not correct. It is true that
the price of cooperage has advanced one
quarter of a cent per gallon, but that is
due to the floods in the Southern States,
where the staves come from, and to the
enormous demands of the Standard Oil
Company and the sugar trust. The con
sumption of the oil company alone is 30,
000 barrels daily. While there is some
scarcity there need be no fear that there
will be insufficient cooperage to handle
the wine for Eastern and foreign ship
ment Owing to special rates made by
the railroad the winemen of the State are
now buying Eastern cooperage 'set ur>'
cheaper than it could be bought in this
Successful Church Bazaar.
The bazaar now in progress at the
Howard Presbyterian Church, under the
auspices of the members of the Howard
congregation, is meeting with encourage
ment and a liberal patronage. The attend
ance since the fair was formally opened
last Tuesday evening has been unusually
large. One of the most attractive feat
ures is the evening dinner, given from 5
o'clock until 8 o'clock. This meal will be
given every evening until the close of the
bazaar. The decorations of the interior
of the hall, where the different booths are
located, are both elaborate and unique
A large variety of useful and fancy arti
cles are offered for sale and are receiving
a far greater demand than expected
Every evening an enjoyable musical and
literary programme is rendered under the
direction of the talented members of the
congregation. The bazaar will be con
cluded to-morrow evening.
Thrown From a Car.
Mary Harrigan, residing at 249 Minna
street, was thrown from Mission street
car number 1059 a» it was turning the cor
ner of East street last evening and sus
tained severe contusions of the face and
neck, with possibly internal injuries. She
was treated at the Harbor Hospital.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Open evenings until nine
Holiday
suggestions
For men
smoking jackets
morning gowns
bath robes
dress suits
tuxedos
overcoats
mackintoshes
umbrellas
suit cases
valises
neckwear
silver buckle suspenders
furnishing goods generally
Mere now than ever do peo-
say about Christmas time
say : "I'm going to give a
sensible gift."
There's more sense in cloth-
es-giving than anything else,
more real enjoyment in wearing
a suit of clothes which is a
gift, more out {and out satis-
faction in giving such a present
A big assortment helps to
make gift-giving easy. We
can make it easy for you.
We sell glove and hat orders
Roos Bros.
Kearny and Post
Srt Calendars.
LEATHER GOODS ;
-; :> AND OTHERS .'..-»
gCKEI^*
227-229 POST ST. 215219 BUSH ST.
GOLD NUGGET
FOR THE HERO
OF THE OREGON
Captain Clarke Re
membered.
THE CALL WILL SEND IT
THOMAS R. MOORE BACK FROM
A GOLD HUNT.
He Went Into British Columbia Last
Spring and in Six Months
Found Much Precious
Ore.
Thomas R. Moore arrived at the Palace
yesterday from Omenica. British Colum
bia, where for the past six months he has
been prospecting for gold in the interests
of the St. Anthony's Exploration Com
pany of California, of which he is a mem
ber. Mr. Moore does not talk extrava
gantly about his search for gold, in fact
he is inclined to say nothing ' all that
will throw any light on the extent of his
success. He went In last spring on a two
years' prospecting trip and in six months
was so successful that he deemed it
worthless to waste any more time looking
for more claims, but decided to return to
prepare for working those that he has lo
cated.
The St. Anthony's Exploration Company
is well known in the State. Last May Mr.
Moore, with twenty-two pack horses and
twelve men, started up the old Telegraph
trail for the Germansen and Mansen
Creek claims, which are now operated by
his company. Since their discovery these
claims have paid several millions of dol
lars. It was the purpose of Mr. Moore and
his party to proceed farther toward
Northeast British Columbia, in that por
tion of the country that is practically
unknown, and attempt to ascertain if gold
was to be found there. The party followed
the old Telegraph trail to Stuarts Lake
and thence took the trail to Germansen
Creek, a distance of 315 miles. In and
around the Germansen, Mansen and Ev
ans creeks Mr. Moore says that he found
the richest kind of ground. He
admits that it is far more profitable than
Alaska. It has also other auvantages.
The gold Is of a much purer quality and
the ground is sufficiently thawed out by
May to admit of its being mined. So far
nearly all the mining has been done on the
crudest and simplest lines, and yet the
yields have been far more profitable than
similar claims in Alaska.
Arrangements have been made with the
Hudson Bay Company to carry in from
Victoria all the necessary material for the
For boys
middy suits
overcoats
reefers
tuxedo suits
mackintoshes
ulsters
sailor suits
fa*cy vests
collars and shields
sweaters
caps
hats
gloves
bathrobes
The boy can imagine every-
thing he would like in the way
of clothes for Christmas and
the store still has the best of
him, so great is our assort-
ment.
We've a host of suggestions
for the puzzled mother or the
doubtful father. The boy will
fare well if we help you.
We've everything in cloth-
ing for boys from the little
• fellow, to him who is almost
old enough to be classed in
the first column of this adver-
tisement.
proper working- of these claims. It will
be largely by the hydraulic system that
the claims will be mined. Mr. Moore has
brought back with him many specimens
of gold that he claims are of the
finest quality, some of the ore assaying
$20 an ounce. Large deposits of copper
were also found by the party. Mr. Moora
asserts that there are miles of the coun
try that have never known the presence
of the white man that are rich In the
precious ore.
C. A. Thompson of Sierra, Cal., a well
known mining man, and C. E. Perry a
civil engineer of British Columbia were
in the party.
Mr. Moore states that on the 26th of
August the party received a copy of The
Call containing the account of the de
struction of Cervera's fleet, and that then
and there they determined that the next
nugget of suitable size found should be
sent to Captain Clarke of the Oregon, in
token of the party's admiration. By a
unanimous vote it was decided that this
golden trophy should be sent to Captain
Clarke through The Call. Only a few days
later Mr. Moore picked up from the dry
earth on the Dr. Thorpe claim a nugget
weighing about eight ounces. This will
be sent by The Call to Captain Clarke.
Mr. Moore has it among his other nug
gets. It is a very beautiful specimen.
Mr. Moore leaves to-day for his home
in Santa Barbara for a brief visit.
AN ABUSED CHILD.
A Little Girl Compelled to Stay Out
in the Cold All Night.
It was a pitiful case of cruelty and neg
lect that Mrs. Prescott of the Society for A
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children In-^
vestigated yesterday. During all of
Wednesday night a little girl had been
compelled to stay out in a damp yard, at
tired only in a thin white dress.
Joseph Bini, a baker, going to work
early in the morning, heard the sob of a
child, and looking around found little Jen
nie Briceno sitting on a small mound in
a yard at 1620 V* Stockton street. The
child was stiff and numb with cold. The
kindhearted baker took the little one to
his home, where he and his wife worked
for over an hour to restore the outcast
to her normal condition. Mrs. Prescott
was sent for and she found that it was a
case of cruelty on the part of Jennie Bri
ceno's mistress, Pauline Fernandez. The
couple live at 1825 Stockton street.
There are two other children living with
the couple, the man having been divorced
from his wife. All complain of being
abused, but the little one found out in
the cold yard has suffered the most. Mrs,
Prescott found that the little one's arms
and body bear the marks of many a beat
ing and pinches. The father returned
home at 8 o'clock on Wednesday evening
and was told that the child had run away.
He notified the grandmother, who is the
guardian, and in time the mother learned
of what had happened. The children were
returned to their guardian.
NO NEWS YET.
Captain Payson Has Not Heard From
the Santa Fe Stockholders.
Captain Albert H. Payson, the second
vice president of the San Francisco and
San Joaquin Valley Railway, when seen
yesterday relative to the meeting of the
Santa Fe stockholders in Topeka, Kana,
said : \
"While I have as yet had no advicesT
from this meeting of the stockholders
V^L 18 n , ow belng held - stm 1 have no
doubt that an option will be ac
cepted and satisfactory arrangements
made for securing control of the Valley
road. The option is good until the first
pf the year and every share of the stock
is worth at least its par value BevonH
this there is nothing that I have X
except that I expect to hear the result
time 1 " meetlns: of the st °ckholders at any